PAT CROWE, SUSPECTED OF THE , : OMAHA KIDNAPING. AND E. A.
CUDAHY JR., THE MILLIONAIRE PACKER'S SON, WHO WAS CAR
RIED AWAY AND HELD FOR RANSOM- \21 ,':'
Continued on Page Two.
There will be a large amount of this
stock retained In the treasury of the com
pany for the various purposes. This
otock will be fully paid up and will not
be assessable.
The capital stock of $50,000,000 will con
sist of $25,000,000 common and $25,000,000
preferred stock, for which the present
holders of .Pennsylvania steel shares will
have en opportunity to subscribe on a
basts which It is expected will yield a
profit. Snll
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 24.— The Pres«
will to-morrow say: It Is understood thai
the long pending negotiations for the
reorganization of the Pennsylvania Steel
Company have been concluded. Accord-
Ing to rood authority, there will be a new
company formed with a capital of $50.000»
000 to take over the old property and cor
duct its business in the future. The char
ter which wa3 Issued by the State of New
Jersey Is said to be liberal, and will af
ford an opportunity to take up all the
lines of business In which it is necessary
for a 1 modern iron and steel plant to en
gage.
REORGANIZATION" IS NOW
FULLY CONCLTJDEJI
be searching for something. It has been
impossible thus far to find such a car
riage. The girl had a guardian in Mis
souri, and a young man here was her
lover. The latter is grief-stricken, and
does all he can to aid in solving the mys
tery. ... .
) It has been learned that some time yes
terday morning a carriage drawn by white
horses was • In the vicinity, ': and a richly
dressed lady' got out of It and seemed to
In the Immediate vicinity a large force
of men have* been working ¦ on ; reservoirs
now under construction.
! At'Mrs. Beatty's home Maggie's hat and
the wraps which she: ordinarily wore out
of doors' were found undisturbed.
Indications about the premises led to the
suspicion that, the girl had been taken
from home by force.' There were evidences
of a struggle, and m the yard were found
the footprints of a man. evidently of large
size. The footprints led to the direction
cf the Arkansas River, and at some
places along the trail appeared the prints
of smaller shoes such as Maggie Hoel
wore. At other places the trail indlcatcl
that the girl was dragged or carried along
by her captor. Near the river bank, where
the ground is harder, all traces were lost.
A large number of men have been search
ing, but the girl has not been found.
PU-EBLO, Colo., Dec 24.— Maggie Hoel
has been missing since 2 o'clock Sunday
afternoon, and it Is feared that, she has
been murdered. The girl, who was about
18 years old.. lived with her sister, Mrs.
Charles Beatty, in a lonely spot about
three miles west of the city. On Sunday
Mrs. Beatty left' Maggie in charge of her
little child at her home. . Upon her re
turn, two hours later, her sister was gone
and the baby was alone in the house.
COLORADO GIRL'S FUTILE
STRUGGLE WITH ABDUCTOR
..Then In Denver . he appeared. again in a
jewelry, store and asked '.to see some dia
mond rings. When •; he ..was j handed V the
tray, full of rings; he put It under, his coat
and made off with It, shooting at any one
. He was next heard "from In Minneapolis.
A negro woman was walking down the
street,' wearing ¦ In . her ears .two blg^ dia
monds. . Crowe • came _• quietly up behind
her, caught both earrings arid; tore them
off. ¦ He escaped -.without
He was sent to'Jollet for fourteen years
for that Job^but four years after, through
the Influence of bis brother, Steve Crowe,
a saloon-keeper ' and politician of Omaha,
he was pardoned out/.
The next day. a pawnbroker named
Moe, who kept a shop on the corner of
Adams and South Clarke streets, notified
the police that a man answering to the
description given by the woman had come
into his shop that : morning with some
Jewels to sell and some to mend. He
agreed to put a signal In the window when
he called again! Two policemen watched,
and at the signal rushed in to take. their
man. . He ; drew his revolver and shot
them both; then he rah out Into the street,
shooting at every .one who attempted to
stop him, but he was finally- tripped, up
by a newsboy in front of the Grand Cen
tral Hotel, overpowered and captured.
Crowe first appeared as a star in crimi
nal circles fourteen years ago. It was in
Omaha. He operated with 'a lot of sneak
thieves and pickpockets. He was a
"snatcher," but the boldest one of them
all. For two years he was a leader in
the sneak thief line and 'then he branched
out.
- One evening he rang the bell of a well
known house on South Park street in' Chi
cago, kept by a' woman, named ' Carrie
Watson. Thp housekeeper was a woman
known as Diamond Annie, because she
•wore at all times a" profusion of diamonds
of considerable 'value. She used to open
the door, and Crowe knew.lt, for as soon
as^ she -responded to his ring he stepped
Into the hall, grabbed the woman by the
throat and stripped the necklace from her
shoulders,: a brooch , from J her breast, a
bracelet from her, arm and one ear ring!
He was reaching for the .other when a
colored portor, hearing her cries, came to
her rescue. Crowe shot at him twice, hit
ting him once, and escaped.
said Wllliani 'Pinkerton. last evening,
"that suggests Crowe in the Omaha kid
naping, and that Is the letter; but I
don't, think' he had any hand In it. I
think he was a grateful man, as well as
an unscrupulous ¦•crook, and I 'know he
always took pride in the' friendship of
Edward Cudahy. Lthinklt will be.found
that some one else /was. the moving spirit
of the gang." . '," -
Pinkerton and Crowe have had a long
acquaintance, although a strictly profes
sional one. One has chased and the" other
has fled through half ¦ the States of the
Union; and more than once has Crowe
yielded to the long arms of the Pinker
tons and spent his years in Jail as a result
of the encounter. *
'/Some years ago a man in a Massachu
setts"; penitentiary _;;' wrote to ? me - to come
'.'He has a bad name," said William Pin
kerton last \ night, "and everything that
goes wrong : In , Omaha Is charged • to him
when the police cannot find any one else
to hold responsible. But I don't think he
Is the; man in -this case— and I'll tell you
why. '.'¦¦"• BBH&BBKS
Since then he has been around Chicago
and Omaha. He went ' to the mines near
Butte for a while,. but tiring of , life there
he started back > to; Chicago. He became
stranded, in Omaha and applied' to Mr.
Cudahylfor assistance. Cudahy gave him
a ticket to Chicago and then^ seeing the
shivering condition of the man, he gave
him an . overcoat as well. Since then he'
has, worked for;- Cudahy, and he has al
ways felt; proud of the patronage of the
Omaha capitalist.
' Then, after his release* he was arrested
for palming Jewelry in a store in St.
Louis, and after that he was arrested for
robbing a train on the Chicago and North
western Railway,:- but in this last scrape
he proved his innocence.
the penitentiary.
'Just before his arrest there ha"d been a
train robbery, on the Burlington road near
St. Joe, Mo. Crowe wrote to the attor
neys for the road and told them that, he
and -three others had held up the train.
The story was told to William. Pinkerton
and he said Crowe was a liar, "and was
trying some scheme t to escape from the*
Milwaukee Jail before t the Denver : matter
could be brought against him. He was
taken to St. Joe, however, and, under per
soasion, Pinkerton went to Denver tocon
'sult'-wlth the authorities there, but while
he was In Denver. news came that Crowe
had sawed through the bars of the St Joe
Jail and had released himself and all the
other prisoners as well. After he was out
he wrote* to' Pinkerton to tell him that the
story that he and three. others had robbed
the .train' was false, and got' up for the
purpose of obtaining a transfer to the
St. Joo Jail. Nevertheless, when Pinker
ton heard of him in Cincinnati he went
after,: Crowe and ; caught ¦> him. He was
taken to St. Joe and on his own confes
sion he was sentenced to several years in
"Five years ago he was arrested in Mil
waukee on suspicion of being one of the
principals In a hold-up. His picture was
.sent to; the Plnkortons, and they identi
fied ; him as the man from Denver, and
they sent word there about his arrest. In
the meantime he • was sentenced to three
months In the ' Milwaukee workhouse to
keep him eafe while action was awaited on
the part of the Denver, authorities.
. He appeared next in Atlantic, la., where
he held up a man and was sentenced to
five. years, but he broke Jail and started
again.
who. attempted to stop him. He slipped
and fell a block from the store and was
captured. His brother appeared. on the
scene again and Induced a man named
Mark Waterous td go on his bond for $3000
and then Crowe disappeared.
For fifteen years Pat Crowe has spent
his time escaping. from the consequences
of one felony, planning another "or wast
ing his days in the penitentiary. He has
always been a thief, but a bold one,
and .some of the most sensational
crimes . that have startled communities
have been traced to him. He is an origi
nal criminal, too, and his crimes have
generally borne his mark. For this, rea
son- William Pinkerton, who knows Pat
Crowe perhaps better, than any one in the
country, says he had no hand In the kid
naplng of Eddie Cudahy of Omaha.
"There Is but one thing: about the case/'
Known Him for, Fifteen Years.
The Man as the Pinkertons Have
PAT CROWE'S CAREER.
¦-'. •"/"¦ ¦
OMAHA, Dec 24.— The only develop
ment in the Cudahy kidnaping
case*to-day was the finding of
the lantern with which Mr.
Cudahy *. was" flagged on his
drive Into the country last Wednesday
night, carrying the $25,000 with which to
obtain the return of hl» son, and the dis
covery of other paraphernalia left by the
robbers In their hurry to depart. \ This
confirms again the 6tory of the drive and
assists the police in finding the methods
employed by the bandits.
A man,. the name of whom the police re
fuse to reveal, identified Pat Crowe as the
light-complexloned individual who. In
company with a woman, accosted him In
the vicinity of the robbers' rendezvous
relative to the ownership of the house, to
which young Edward Cudahy ¦was carried"
by kidnapers last Tuesday night. • -
When shown a picture of Crowe. taken
from the rogues' gallery, this man stated
positively that It was a perfect likeness
of the man he saw at Thirty-sixth and
Grover streets. Questioned closely as to
the man's conduct, dress, manner and
general description, he * gave a detailed
statement which convinced the authorities
that they are on the right track. . "-•'
.The Informant says that during his
short talks with the suspect, while nego
tiations were pending for 'the renting of
the house, he made sufficient note of his
personal appearance to be absolutely cer
tain as to the identification.
At a point seven and one-half miles west
of Omaha, on Center street, about a quar
ter of a mile west of Craddock Grove,
on the south Bide of the road, was found
on Thursday morning the lantern, with
the white and black ribbons' attached,
which was used to "flag" Mr. Cudahy in
his drive. It was found by two sons of
a farmer, on their way to school. They
picked up the lantern, supposing it was
left by "movers," who might have
camped. at that point over night. The
lantern was, placed In possession ; of ; a
Constable, who brought It to Omaha this
afternoon. To-day two trousers legs and
an undershirt Bleeve were found buried be
neath the snow near the fence adjoining
the road. The finding of the lantern set
tles beyond all question the exact location
as to the point where the kipnapers re
ceived their ransom. It also gives the
authorities an Important clew.
The trousers legs were Intended for
treasure bags. They are of black Clay
worsted and had been patched. The trou
sers legs were cut off midway between
the knee and the hips. When the lantern
was picked up it was filled with oil, and
the wick showed that it had recently been
used. .
Near where the lantern was found were
a number of ears of corn, a part of the
kernels yet remaining on the cobs, indi
cating that a horse had been fed there
very recently. Tracks were observable In
the soft earth, showing that a horse had
been tied nea» where the lantern "was
found. On the wire fence. was a piece of
common white wrapping twine, which had
evidently held the lantern In place while
being used as a signal to Mr. Cudahy.
private exhibitors. The company Is there
fore obliged to make a rebate.
To-morrow being a holiday there will b«
no loading of the Prairie. The cars will
be released by the payment of 500 francs.
Should "Wednesday not bring a satisfact
ory solution Major Brackett will probably
pay the rest of the claim under protest
in order not to delay further the sailing
of the Prairie. At the same time he will
enter an additional claim for damages.
Some trouble also arose with Philip
Lazles, the contractor who built the na
tional pavilion. He wrote to the Ameri
can Commission on December 16, saying
that the last letter from Commissioner
General Peck was not satisfactory and
asking when the building would be turned
over to him for demolition. Two days
later he notified the commission that he
Intended to take possession and begin
destruction Immediately. He In turn was
informed that the building would be
placed under his control December 20. and
at a formal meeting he wes notified that
the' commission would remove certain
furnishings not supplied by him, a propo
sition to which his representative did not
object.
On Saturday night, while the American
custodian of the building, assisted # by
two workmen, was removing material be
longing to the United States a force of.
police arrived and arrested all three on
the ground that they were taking goods
which did not belong to them. It is said
that M. I.azies brought about the arrests.
Major Brackett obtained their release
to-day. M. Lazies served him with a
legal notice that he would not accept the
pavilion In its present shape and. ¦would
demand damages for delay. The French
man will now be held to the strict terms
of the contract, which Includes demoli
tion, and a counter claim will be entered
of a forfeit of 20O francs daily from March
15. the date when the contract called for
completion, to June 23. together with a
claim of 20C0 francs for defective con
struction, as the roof leaked and certain
furnishings were ruined. More than this,
there will be a special claim of 2000 francs
If it can be proved that M. Lazles brought
about the arrests, making a total of 2G.SC0
francs.
Another bone of contention may be the
settlement of the restaurant concession
In the American pavilion, which has not
been paid for.
"Last summer the company submitted
a bill of 32.7S2 francs for freight charges
against the commission," he said to-day,
"and pressed -for payment. Pending an
explanation of certain items I paid 25.000
francs on account, at the same time ask
ing for details. When these were fur
nished I discovered that the commission
had been charged with 4193 francs which
should have been charged to the Cora
pagnie Generale Transatlantic while
4110 francs should have been charged to
When Major Brackett was informed by
the United States agent at Havre he
wired him Instructions to pay to the com
pany 500 francs in the presence of the
legal authorities and at the same time
to enter a claim against the company for
10,000 francs as damages for obstruction
and delay.
Major Brackett thereupon' endeavored
to obtain a settlement, but without avail.
The matter dragged, along through the
summer, -the secretary of the American
Commission repeatedly expressing his
willingness to settle any Just claim
against the United States. The company
left the case In an unsatisfactory condi
tion, and finally embargoed the cars.
The company bases Its claim on demur
rage charges on freight in the cars when
the goods were brought to the exposition
for installation. Some time ago the claim
was submitted, and Major Brackett, sec
retary of the American Commission, In
vestigated it and concluded that It had
no foundation, as some of the cars
charged against the American Govern
ment never . contained official exhibits,
while the others were cars utilized by pri
vate exhibitors and not therefore charge
able to the United States.
PARIS, Dec. 24.— Thirty cars, forming
part of the United States Government ex
hibit at the recent Paris exposition, were
suddenly laid under embargo to-day at
Havre, the railroad company declining to
surrender them, pending payment of a
claim of 5570 francs. This extraordinary
action, seriously delaying the departure
of the United States auxiliary cruiser
Prairie, from Havre for New York, with
the Government exhibits, was made the
subject of a formal protest to the French
Government by United States Embassa
dor-Porter. '¦'¦'-. -
Action That Calls Forth a Formal Protest
by Embassador Porter.
FRENCH RAILWAY HOLDS
UP THE AMERICAN EXHIBIT
NEW YORK. Dec. 24.— Private ad
vices from. Rome received here
to-day state that Pope Leo XIII.
is to mark the opening of the
new century by the promulga
tion of an encyclical on the 'subject of
Christian democracy. In which he will
take another advanced step as a sequel to
his former pronouncements on the Chris
tian constitution of states, the condition
of the working classes and the programme
of duties affecting national and civil
rights. Bishop McQuaid. of ¦ Rochester.
N. T., who had a long audience with the
Pope early this month, said that his Holi
ness appeared vigorous in mind and body,
with, every evidence of ability to carry
out his present line of policy. The new
encyclical, of which this forecast comes
from most reliable sources, has been
ready for some time, but has been held
back so that the Pope could examine
every available source of information.
It Is especially intended to proclaim that
Christian democracy Is a legitimate Cath
olic aspiration, and to explain away the
differences of opinion that have arisen in
Catholic, ranks over the social policy ad
vocated in two former encyclicals. He
urges that greater Interest be taken in
the work of Christian democracy and the
raising of worklngmen to a higher level
of comfort. Employers are reminded that
those they engage to toil must be paid
Urges Employers to Deal More Gener
ously With Employed, and to .
Better Their Condition.
fair wages, and that to defraud any one
of wages Is a crime crying to heaven for
vengeance, but to oppress the Indigent
and destitute for the. sake of gain la con
trary to law. divine and human, and that
capitalists should refrain from cutting
down worklngraen's wages with all the
greater reason because A he workingman
is unable to protect himself.
Governments, statesmen and all who
have a prominent part in public life
should give favorable consideration to
whatever is conducive to the welfare of
workers, to that they may have a proper
share in the benefits which they so large
ly contribute to the advantage of the com
munity.
As men have the natural right to enter
Into societies, the encyclical continues, thi
State Is bound to protect these rights
and requests and couctenaqe associations
tending to benefit the condition of wage
earners. It Is fitting that the people
should have a share In the work of law
making and administration, and that
whatever In the state was of avail for the
common welfare the church should
prompt, promote and guard as well as
whatever had been usefully established to
curb the license of rulers who opposed
the true interests of the people.
This will be the gospel of progress and
an invitation to higher morality, it la
stated, that the Pope will expound in his
message to Christendom.
POPE WILL BEGIN NEW
CENTURY BY ADVOCATING
CHRISTIAN DEMOCRACY
NEW YORK, Dec 24.— Roland Reed the
actor, was removed to-day from St
Luke's Hospital to his home on One Hun
dred and Twenty-second street. He has
improved very much.
Roland Reed Better.
"I never thought to go this way"." it
said, but a woman Is the cause of ! it
all. Have worked for the Government
since 67 and have always borne a goo<i
reputation, as my papers will show. Have
faced death for the Government often
and honorably, and expected .to die facing
an enemy of the country I loved. I don't
know -where I am going, but think It Is
the hardest trail I ever started on."
Bennett left two notes, one addressed
to the men employed under him at
Camp McKinley, where he was chief
teamster. It simply expressed his kind
feelings for them and wished them well.
The other note was to the commanding
officer. Colonel Ennis.
Bennett shot himself the day after the
girl's death, though his body was • not
found until three days later, when the
police. were looking for him to ask him
about Miss Schneider.
On the night before Miss Schneider's
death she left her home, it Is said, for
the purpose of meeting Bennett She did
not come home till early the next morn
ing and was not seen alive again, except
for a few unconscious momenta at the
last. The post mortem indicated that the
morphine had been taken with some food,
and she had no refreshments at home
after returning. It is not known whether
ehe met Bennett this night* or not, but
she had said that she was going to see
him, and set her money.
ments, the money which the unfortunate
servant girl gave up to him. She never
knew of the other woman's existence. -_
Miss Schneider was a domestic In the
• family of Hon. Paul Neumann. She was
found dead In her room last Wednesday
at noon. A post mortem examination
showed that her death had been due to
morphine poisoning- A note in her room
In the handwriting, It Is said, of Bennett,
Crrt ptarted the Investigation on his tra*s>
It simply told of an appointment, appar
rntly with the writer, which had not been
kept. \ " '
Other documents indicated that Bennett
had borrowed $400 from her to look after
and invest, though ehe said that he was
paying seven per cent a month interest
and was soon to return It. She wanted
to gro to her home In Seattle and spoke of
getting the money from him to do so.
1 In the meantime Bennett seem* to have
been keeping company with another wo
' man. younger and more pretty than Miss
j-canelder. Upon this companion he seems
* to have expended, in wine and amuse-
HONOLULU. H. T.. Dec 17.— Frank P.
Bennett, the well known American In
dian scout, committed suicide here by
ehootln* himself In the head last Thurs
day evening. December 13. His suicide
followed the death by poisoning of Miss
Clara Schneider, a young woman with
whom be had been much associated, and
In tracing the connection between the two
deaths the police etumbled upon many
circumsti~t«s in support of the theory
that the death of the woman should be
laid at Bennett's door. Bennett was an
Indian fighter of national reputation, be
ing on* of three survivors of the famous
company of which Buffalo Bill is the beEt
known, and having taken a prominent
part in running the Apache Geronimo to
earth.
BOERS SEVER RAILWAY
LINE FROM CAPE TOWN
Christmas Again Finds England in Gioom
Over South African Situation.
the correspondent of the Daily Mail at
The Hague, "Mr. Kruger has become
stiff-necked. He now scornfully rejects
all private suggestions in the nature of
peace overtures."
CAPE TOWN. Dec. 24.-Lord Kitchener
has arrived at De Aar, Cape Colony, and
is taking measures to crush the Boer in
vasion.
WANT CANADIAN TROOPERS.
Colonial Office Offers .Inducements to
Militiamen.
OTTAWA. Ont.. Dec. 24.— The Colonial
Office is anxious to get as many Cana
dians as possible to Join Baden-Powell's
Transvaal mounted police. If 1000 Cana
dians volunteer for this sen-ice it is the
intention of the Imperial Government to
offer ten •" captaincies and fifteen lieuten
ancies in the force to qualified officers of
the Canadian militia.
The pay for men Is five shillings per
day from the date of landing in Cape
Town, with free transportation from Can
ada to South Africa.
EXTENDS WELCOME TO KEUGER.
Resolution Adopted by the Grand
Rapids Council.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich.. Dec. 24.— The
Common Council of this city unanimously
adopted a resolution to-night extending
President Kruger an official welcome to
the freedom of the city. In accordance
with this action, the- City Clerk sent the
following cablegram to President Kruger,
at The Hague:
"We extend greetings and most urgent
ly request you to visit our city and meet
more than 30,000 of your countrymen.
"COMMON COUNCIL. Grand Rapids."
NOTED SCOUT COMMITS
SUICIDE AT HONOLULU
to rnd th«? ¦war if we had been contending
agolnst European powers." It is confi
dent, however, that the settlement is only
a question of time. Lord Kitchener's de
parture for De Aar would be sufficient to
explain the absence of official news.
Elaborate preparations are being made
to give Lord Roberts a popular welcome
on January 3. Ten thousand troops will
be gathered in I-ondon to line the route
to Buckingham Palace.
¦"Since the Nooit-gedacht affair." says
"black December" last year, the Christ
mas editorials find little cause for ex
treme satisfaction. All express regret
that the nation Is still at war. Some
take the trouble to remind their readers
that there are four times as many troops
In South Africa now as there were twelve
months ago, and all engaged in the monot
onous and wearisome duties against an
ever-evasive foe and needing the sympa
thy of friends at home at this festive sea
con.
The Standard, which says that Christ
mas finds the British people in a
chastened mood, moralizes upon the
strange lack of political foresight regard
ing the character and the wisdom of the
cprratlons against the Boers. It con
fpfse* that "everything has long since
been done that would have been possible
LONDOIC, Dec. 25.— "We team," Bays
the Dally Mail, "that the reports of the
eerlous situation In Cap* Colony are fully
confirmed. The invading Beers are re
ceiving much assistance from the Cape
Dutch. Railway communication between
Cap* Town and the North Is almost en
tirely severed, partly by Boer operations
ar:4 partly by rair.s."
While there is no sign in England of
the despondency which characterized
A LAMEDA. Dec. 24.— When Matt
/\ Buchman. a Park-street liquor
dealer, signed a receipt for an ex
press package, which was deliv
ered to him yesterday, he did not
dream that it contained the ashes of his
dead sister. But he made that horrifying
discovers' to-day when he received a let
ter from his sister, written before her
e>ath. telling him that he would see her
on Christmas day. cither living or dead.
Upon opening the parcel at his place of
business yesterday. Buchman beheld a
copper vessel, about the size of an ordi
nary fruit Jar. sealed at the top and bear
ing numerals on the cover. It had com?
inclos»4 in ordinary wrapping paper.
There was nothing lo indicate the nature
of Its contents. On the outside there was
the simple address, "M. Buchman, Ala
meda." and the lab-?l of the express com
pany showing that it had come from New
York.
Ignorant of the fact that the vessel was
an urn containing me ashes of some in
cinerated body. Buchman did not know
¦what to make of the parcel. When he re
tired to his room late a; night he took
his pocket knife and cut a hole in the top
cf the vessel. In the bottom of the urn
lie saw a few bits of charred bone and a
quantity of what appeared to be ashes.
He picked the bones up and scrutinized
them carefully and then In a piayful way
he sifted the dust through his fingers.
Finally Buchman <rtw tired of fondling
the Incinerated remains. Then he went
to bed. convinced that he had only been
the victim of a practical Joker and vowing
to return the compliment if he ever found
cut who the perpetrator was.
This morning the mail brought Buch-
In accordance with the instructions of
the dead sister the remains were taken to
Odd Fellows' Cemetery for burial in the
same plot with the mother.
"It was a great shock to me to receive
the news of my sister's death In that
¦way," said Buchman this afternoon. "I
did not know that she was near death.
She never spoke of ill health and we cor
responded at intervals. Every year for
many years past it has been her custom
to send me a Christmas present. When
the package came yesterday I thought it
was from her. When I opened It and paw
that copper can I did not know what It
was. I took it up to my room after awhile
and opened it and there were the charred
bones and dust. I was puzzled again and
then I said to mysoif. 'It must be one of
those practical jokes.' Just think of my
surprise when I got that letter this morn
ing."
man a letter from his Bister. It was the
first tidings of her death and that the
ashes In the urn were all that remained of
her on earth. The letter had been delayed
and the ashes had arrived first. In the
letter the sister told the brotrier that she
¦was then in what she thought was her
last Illness and that she would be In his
presence, dead or alive, on Chrlsmas day.
What his sisJer meant by saying that she
might be with him In life Buchman does
not know, as she could not have come if
she had been on her deathbed. Inclosed
in the sister's letter was another from the
hospital attendants of the dead woman,
who stated that It was her dying wish
that her body be cremated and the ashes
sent to her brother for burial beside their
mother in Odd Fellows' Cemetery In San
Francisco.
RECEIVES HER ASHES
BEFORE LEARNING OF
HIS SISTER'S DEATH
Matt Buchman of Alameda Recipient
of a Grewsome Present on
Christmas Eve.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 25.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Pick Up the Lantern With Which the Lad's Father
Was Signaled and Discover Other Clews ,
to the Culprits.
OMAHA OFFICERS FIND
THE OUTFIT DISCARDED
BY CUDAHY KIDNAPERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Daughters of the Late Starch Manufacturer Agree
to the Probate of His Will.
NEW MOVE IN THE FIGHT
FOR THE DURYEA MILLIONS
CRAWFORDSVILLE, Ind.. Dec. 24.-
Joseph Douglass shot and fatally wound,
ed Frank Parish and Charles Doyle, who
had called at his house to see his wife,
who was away. The men went to the
rear door, and falling to get a response,
kicked It open. Douglass confronted them
and fired through a window with a shot
gun; tearing Parish's face off. A second
shot was poured into Doyle's back at a
distance of fifteen feet. There had been
trouble on account of Parish's attentions
to Douglass' wife for some time. Doris
was a soldier at Saa Juan Hill.
ex-Soldier, Are Fatally
Wounded.
Frank Parish and Charles Boyle, an
SHOOTS TWO MEN WHO
CALLED ON" HIS WIFE
General Davis leaves "Washington thla
afternoon for San Francisco, where he
will take passage for Manila on the trans
port Hancock, sailing January L He has
been ordered to duty as inspector-gen
eral, Division of the Philippines.
The General said that Dr. "Williams was
an acting assistant surgeon In the depart
ment, and accompanied a small expedi
tion under command of Major Watt. Fifth
Cavalry, which, on a march across tha
Island, traversed the coffee-planting re
gion. The doctor reported a bad
state of affairs In this section
In the way of sickness and want of
food, and was asked for a fuller report by
General Davis. This was turned over to
Governor Allen.
TVASHIKOTOX, Dec. 24.— General Da
via, when seen at tha War . I>«partment
concerning the report made public to
day by Dr. "Williams, a contract surgeon
In the Department of Porto Rico, setting
forth an appalling state of affairs among
the coffee planters of the island, said that
from his knowledge of affairs in the sec
tion of Porto Rico, ha should characterize
Dr. Williams' statement as much over
drawn and exaggerated. That there was
suffering In the coffee-planting section of
the country, the General said he had no
doubt- The heavy losses Incurred by the
big hurricane, he said, could have had
no result other than to greatly reduce th*
means of the planter?, who had $12.000.<VX>
worth of coffee swept away by the bi?
storm. When General Davis was Mili
tary Governor of the Island the War De
partment Issued rations to the people of
Porto Rico In order to help them to
weather over the evil effects of the hur
ricane. When the Government passed
under civil administration, however, the
issuance of the rations was discontinued,
as it was believed that the Islands had
sufficiently recovered.
Beport of T*r. "Williams, Be
cently Published.
Opinion of General I>avis Anent txie
SATS SUFFERTNXr IN PORTO
RICO IS 'EXAGGERATED
Califomians in New York.
San Francisco— F. B. Baldwin. H. I*.
Bla.«se are at the Herald Square: H. Dec
hart is at the Belvidt;re; J. N. Elsam and
wife are at the Holland; D. A. Hulse is at
the Normandle: T. JIagee Jr. is at the
Murray Hill; O. Maurer 1» at the Metro
politan; 1^. McCreedy is at the Murray
Hill; J. J. McDougall Is at the Broadway
Central; A. W. Pike is at the Imperial;
Miss Prung and A. J. Prung are at the
Everett; A. E. Rans and wife are at the
Savoy; V. D. Solomon is at the Imperial:
I... A.- Timer is at the St. Cloud: XV. G.
Woods Is at the Broadway Central; Mrs.
Dunsmuir la at the Imperial; H. 8. Na»
than is at the Belvidere. San Joso— Miss
M. Campbell Is at the Empire.
Tammany Committee of Fire
Says He Is Shielding
the Vicious.
Declares He Could dose Every Den
of Vice in New York in Two
Hours if He Chose
to Act.
?
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.-The Tammany
Committee of Five at a meeting held to
day issued a statement that Chief of Po
lice Devery could rid the city of vice In r
two hours if he so chose. It further said
they would present facts to the Grand
Jury In the event of immediate action not
being taken by the • police. Chairman
Lewis Nixon presided at the meeting.
Several members of the Police Depart
ment appeared before the committee and
said that places mentioned in the list
given to Chief Deverj* 1 by Chairman Nixon
were closed. The majority of the place*
were gambling dens and disorderly
houses. After an executive session of two
hours Chairman Nixon gave out the fol
lcwing statement:
The list of suspicious places handed to the
police is by no means complete, and wa *hall
*>* guided by development* as to whom and
how they ahull be made public. My object Is to
ekie BU-.-h places anil, by clostng them demon
strate 10 their owners that those who hav»
taken money from them for protection lack the
power to protect. Xo matter what party is
in office, about the same *ort of men win be
tr.und farming? out Immunity.
Every department of the city government
except the police department. Is doing good
work.
I am satisfied by what I have found that
the Chief of Police could close every gambling
house and poolroom !n the city In two hours.
Our motive now >s to show taat these places
are not protected by the Tammany orpanUa
t!cn, and further than that, to show that
a gystem which has existed during this ar.l
the preceding administration can be stop: <• 1
If tha police department can be Induced tci *¦•.
A single-headed commission with power can
remedy existing abuses, not only for a tim«\
but permanently. A bl-partisan police com
mission and the excise department' are th*
sores on the body politic. They choulil b» re
formed Jointly, and they v.-ili be when th«
people come to a full knowledge of the Iniqui
ties which owe their existence to them.
No Red Cross Celebration.
The Joint committee of the municipal
assembly appointed to arrange the celo^
tration of the opening: of the new century
on New Year's eve met to-day and re
fused to grant the request of the Re!
Cross, made through Frank D. HIgbee.
that the committee take up the proposed
celebration to be held under the auspices
of the society in Madison Square Garden
on New Tears eve.
Mr. HIgbee announced after thla refusal
that there would be no Ued Cross cele
bration on N'ew Year"* eve. The societ .'
would postpone the affair until March 1.
the anniversary of the acceptance of the
Red Cross treaty by the United States,
and would welcome the co-operation by
the committee in the latter eelebration.
Chairman Sulzer estimates that at least
120O singers -will participate in th« New
Year's celebration.
SCORES CHIEF OF
POLICE DEVERY
MONTREAL. Dec. 24.— R. H. Ingram,
secretary-treasurer of the Central'.Ver
mont Railroad, has been appointed secre
tary to Charles "Hays, president of trie
Southern "Pacific Company. : It" is I under
stood that a number, of Grand Trunk offi
cials will join Mr. Hays when he assumes
his new office. t&jHBMuEnHnsfiBMB&fi
HAYS APPOINTS HIS
PRIVATE SECRETARY
WEIMAR, Dec. 24.— Some anxiety Is felt
regarding the 'health of the aged Grand
Duke of Snxe Weimar. He is' suffering
from ~ influenza.'. A, bulletin issued by his
physicians says his condition is satisfac
tory.'thfit'ha slept I.well in spite, of re
peated : spasms of- coughing, and that his
temperature is 99.7. "The Grand Duke. was
born in ISIS.
Grand Duke Is 111.
MANILA,, Dec. 24.— Officers of the
United' States cruiser Newark, which has
returned the investigation Into the
circumstances of th*» disaster that befell
the -United States auxiliary cruiser Yo
semlte oft the island of Guam, say there
were supplies enough available when the
Newark left to last three weeks, and that
the inhabitants would then be dependent
upon supplies sent from Cavite. They
also report that the soil will" produce rice
and corn by April,' although at present
everything presents a forlorn aspect.
The United States cruiser Albany, Cap?
tain J. E. Craig, has sailed for Hongkong
to ascertain and repair the damage she
sustained through grounding on a reef in
Sublg Bay. - . _. - .-. . 7 .
From. Cavlte.
Inhabitants Dependent Upon Belief
GUAM NEEDS SUPPLIES.
KALAMAZOO. Mich., Dec, 24.-Hobart
Clayberg, a 17-year-old boy, whose father
John B. Claybergr, la a prominent citizen
of Helena. Montana,, was kidnaped in this
2ft y J£% n J ght - by two men - Th8 boy was
blindfolded and compelled to walk to Mat
tewan, a distance of eleven miles It be
came so etormy that, the kidnapers re
leased young Clayberg at Mattewan. after
robbing him of a small sum of money
The boy telegraphed here for help ami
was brought home during the night.
Released After Being Marched Eleven
Miles Through a Storm.
MICHIGAN BOY KIDNAPED.
You mark mr words. There will be more
an epVe'Sc " thlp * 8 e ° ' "*?
on and see him and he would tell me
something that would be of interest to
me. I went East soon after and saw him,
and he told me that he and a gang of
three more had planned to kidnap the
child of a railroad magnate of New York.
They were to take the child to Montreal,
where a house had been rented for the
purpose, and then from some place in
New York State they were to negotiate
for the return of the child, threatening all
kinds of bodily harm to the child if their
demand for $50,000 was not complied with.
I affected not to believe him. and to prove
his story he -drew a diagram of the rail
road man's country home, with all the
roads and railways near it, the different
stations and their distances. I took the
diagram to the railroad man, and he said
it was correct in every particular.
f "1 didn't think much more of the thing
at. the time," continued Pinkerton, "but
when this Omaha case came up the other
one came into ray mind at once. and they
are both the same. The man who told me
this is In the penitentiary again, and so
he could not nave" had anything to , do
with the Omaha case, but the other mem
bers of his gang ara still at large— and one
of them- is in Omaha. . . :
"And I'll tell you another thing/; eald
the great detective; '.'this thing will be
followed by others all over the country.
been declared valid anfl binding by the
United States Supreme Court. McKenzle
claimed the orders were issued by a court
which had no jurisdiction over the Terri
tory of Alaska, but the decision of the
high court shows ne was mistaken and
that In disobeying the orders he was actu
ally In contempt.
Despite the legal and technical charac
ter of McKenzle r s excuse, it is likely to go
5i ar j?n w j t £. i him « for thera ha9 been doubly
distilled bitterness between the miners and
the legal department of Alaska,
T^ A .P, d '^x 1 ! 1 ® Bame state a 3 McKenzle is
Dudley Dubose, whose contempt, of a na
ture similar to that of McKenzle, is now
the subject of testimony being taken be
fore United StateB Court Commissioner
Heacock. McKenzle as receiver refused
to obey the order to turn over the claims
and the gold to the owners, and Dubose
as an attorney, advised his clients, Mc-
Kenzle and his assistants, ¦ that they did
that the cases of McKenzie and Dubose
are Identical.
In investigating the contempt of Dubose
the whole disgraceful scheme to rob the
miners of the north has been brought out
under oath. The testimony shows how
the court and the Marshal and the District
Attorney and the Court Commissioners
and the receivers were all in together, and
that when they were served with process
from the highest - court of the United
States on this coast they refused taobly
the order, declaring they ware above any
law that could issue from here. Under
the manipulations of the ring claims were
despoiled, miners were betrayed and gold
was held out from those to whom It be
longed. But with the decision of the high
est court of the country the machinations
of the schemers must come to an end
and mining may once more be an honor
able and profitable occupation .In Nome
A I Ci 1 firulches above the
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— The
Supreme Court to-day in the
case of Alexander McKenzle
and Robert Chipps, involving
the receivership of Nome
mining claims, dismissed the McKenzle
petition for a writ of certlorari from the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit. No opinion was filed. Chief Jus
tice Fuller simply announcing the court's
action, which In effect declares that the
Circuit Court of Appeals at San Fran
cisco has jurisdiction.
McKenzle has been judged in contempt
of court for having violated a supersedeas
issued by It when Chipps appealed tha
case from Judge Noyes 1 court. The Cir
cuit Court of Appeals can now take such
action as it sees fit. Pending the decision
on the appeal McKenzie his relinquished
possession of the claims, but still has about
$200,000 In gold in his possession which was
mined during his receivership. The su
persedeas issued by ihe Circuit Court of
Appeals restored the claims to the con
dition they were in prior to McKenzle's
appointment as receiver. To-day's de
cision upholds the supersedeas, and Mc-
Kenzle will now have to pay the gold to
the former holders of the claims. The
court officers and attorneys here .say Mc-
Kenzle will have to return to San Fran
cisco and show cause why he should not
be punished for contempt.
The contempt proceedings against Alex
ander McKenzle, which have been before
the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals in this city, have been delayed un
til the decision Just rendered Bhould have
been passed down. The proceedings in
contempt were brought against McKenzie
for disobeying the orders that have Just
OMAHA OFFICERS
AFTER KIDNAPERS
Continued From Page One,
JESSIE MORRISON IS
RELEASED FROM JAIL
Secures Her Freedom on a Bond and
Goes Quietly to Her Father's
Horn*.
ELDORADO, Kans.. Dec. 24.— Jessie
Morrison was released this evening on
S5000 bonds. Sheriff Turner approved the
bond early this evening. Judge M. H.
Morrison, father of the Imprisoned girl,
then accompanied him to the Jail, where
they released Jessie Morrison from cus
tody. The party then quietly went to the
Morrison home, the darkness protecting
them from the gaze of the curious.
The bond was submitted to Sheriff
Turner by V. P. Mooney, one of the at
torneys for the defendant, who submitted
it in turn to County Attorney Brumback.
The County Attorney states that it was
legal and In proper form.
MIes Morrison nas not yet made her
plans for the immediate future. It is
thought however, ehe will spend some
time visiting her old home in the East.
GRAU PRESENTS GRAND
OPERA AT CHICAGO
Miss Strakosch, Louise Meisslinger,
Philip Brozel and Winifred Goff
Heard in "Aida."
CHICAGO. Dec 24.— The Metropolitan
English Grand Opera Company, under the
direction of . Maurice Grau and Henry
Savage, opened a two weeks' engagement
at the Auditorium Theater to-night.
Verdi's cpectacular opera, "Aida," was
presented, with Miss Strakosch in the title
role, and in spite of the fact that the eea
eon opened on what Is considered the
worst theatrical night of the year an Im
mense audience attended. Both Miss
fctrakosch and Louise Meisslinger as
Amneris were in splendid voice. Thev
with Philip Brozel and Winifred Goff as
Rhadames and Amonasro. were twice
called before the curtain at the coacluslon
of the scene before the Temple of Isis in
the third act.
ADOPTS AMENDMENT
TO THE AMNESTY BILL
French Senate Shows a Willingness
to Close the Dreyfus
Episode.
PARIS. Dec. 24.— The Senate this even
ing adopted the am endment to the am
nesty bill by a vote of 21 to U. ; after an
exhortation by the Premier. M. Waldeck-
Rousi-s^au, to vote the measure and "de
liver the country from, the nightmare of
the Dreyfus affair."
action on behalf of the contestants In the
Supreme Court, where It Is desired to
have the case tried by a Jury.
>r The . contestants of the will are Mrs.
Garcia V. D. Cox, Mrs. Eva A. Thelbertr
fi? d r 5- G . r £. ce 3- s P rl ?S. daughters of
the dead millionaire. They claimed that
their father, whese violence and apparent
insanity in drink was notorious, was in
fluenced to cut them off in his will to
comparatively nothlne In favor of his
sons.
ENGAGEMENTS ON
ISLAND OF LEYTE
Continued Activity of Insur
1 gents on the Western
Coast.
MANILA. Dec. 24.— Advices from the
island of Leyte show that there Is still
considerable turmoil on the west coast,
but that the east coast Is quiet, the lead
ers having retired to the mountains. Lieu
tenant Frank E. Lynch and three men of
the Forty ; fourth Volunteer Infantry were
wounded near Uogas, on the west coast.
Two men of Company L, Forty-third Vol
unteer Infantry, were killed and three of
Companies L, and F, together with Lieu
tenant Lewis H. Leaf, were wounded on
December 13, near San Miguel, northwest
ern Leyte. No decided results have yet
been obtained by the 2000 United States
troops distributed among the coast towns
of Samar.
The Federal party has decided upon, a
new organization and to-day published in
the Spanish and Filipino evening paper*
an address to the Filipinos'.
"The number of Filipinos who are con
vinced tnat the time lor peace has come
increases daily." says the address. "The
object of the Federal party is the reunion
of all Filipinos who, truly wish for peace
and who are disposed to work for it."
It appeals to those who will attempt to
attain for the Philippines the greatest
number of liberties under the application
of the American constitution. It con
tinues:
"We call ourselves the Federal party
because, under American sovereignty, the
righteous aspirations of the Philippines
will be to form a part of the American
federation as States of the Union."
The executive committee has Cabled to
President McKInley announcing that the
organization has been perfected and ten
dering an expression of good will. Copies
of the address have been, sent Into the
provinces. The new paragraph In the
platform declaring for American recog
nition of the legality of certain acts by
the authorities of the insurgent govern
ment is in conformity with precedents
established during the reconstruction
period following the civil war in the
United States. ¦
Declines to Form a Ministry.
STX>NET. N. S. W., Dec 24.— Sir John
William Lyne. Premier of New South
Wales, who was recently requested by the
Earl of Hopetown, Governor General of
the commonwealth of Australia, to form
the first Federal Ministry, has declined
the task. He has advised Lord Hopetown
to summon Edmund Barton, who., was
leader of the Federal convention during
the session in Adelaide, Sydney and Mel
bourne in 1S97 and 1898.
DENVER. Dec. 24.— Within the past
thirty-six hours seven alarming assaults
and highway robberies have been commit
ted . In this city. An unknown . German,
who was, beaten and robbed, has a, frac
tured i skull - and cannot recover. Pour
other persons were > severely injured by
footpads. Mrs. Dewert E. Young was
struck i, on; the • head with a -stone and^is
suffering from- concussion of the brain.
Her assailant did not rob her. "Since 'Aug
ust 24 five women have been assaulted- 1 n
this mamipr in Denver, one of whom, Mrs
Lillian Bell, died from her injuries..
Two Days.
ST. PAUL, Dec. 24.— As a result of a
conference held yesterday between Presi
dent. Mellen and Vice President Kendrick
of the Northern Pacific that company to
day cent a lengthy communication to the
committee of telegraph operators in ses
sion at St. Paul, notifying them that the
Northern Pacific could not consistently
consent to adopt the rules submitted by
the committee in behalf of the Northern
Pacific branch < of the Order of Railway
Telegraphers. Neither could the company
see its way clear to treat with the Order
of Railway Telegraphers as an organized
body, but would cheerfully treat with the
telegraphers as a body of Northern Pa
cific employes.
The communication stated that many of
the • rules which the committee wanted
adopted were already In effect, but were
worded differently. The rules submitted
by the committee were the eame as those
submitted by similar committees ail over
the country to their respective lines.
They were so worded that any road adopt
ing them will recognize the telegraphers
as an organized and Incorporated body
rather than individual employes. The
communication gave the ¦ company's rea
sons and ; outlines what the committee
could expect. ;
The committee was invited to make such
further requests' as might be desired and
the company agreed to consider them In a
spirit of fairness. ~
"... - .... • .
SATURNALIA CF CRIME i
STARTLES CITY OF DENVER
Seven Alarming Assaults and High
way Robberies in Less Than
ever, as a Body of the Com
pany's Employes.
Agrees to Treat With the Men, How-
NORTHERN PACIFIC NOT TO
RECOGNIZE TELEaRAPHERS
WASHINGTON. Dec. 24.— Word has
been received here of an atrocious
in the Philippines at the town of Cap
lazl. It appears from the testimony that
two natives were responsible for the death
cf the wife of a neighbor. They, went to
the house of a native named Victor Pere
and forcibly took him and his wife to the
Panay River, where they bound their
hands behind them nnd told them that
their "last day had come." The woman
was struck by a bolo and her body thrown
Into • the river. Her husband witnessed
her murder, and. anticipating similar
treatment, Bprang into the river, and, not
withstanding his arms were pinioned,
managed to reach the opposite side.
According to witnesses, the motive for
the crime was a superstitious belief that
the woman was possessed of occult pow
ers, whereby she In some mysterious way
had brought about the death of a neigh
bor's child. The two men were sentenced
to be hanged, but General, MacArthur
mitigated the sentence in each case to
confinement at hard labor for twenty
years, out of consideration for the ex
ceedingly low order of intelligence and
blind superstition of the accused.
norant Filipinos.
Atrocious Murder Committed by Ig-
KILLED FOR WITCHCRAFT.
ALEXANDER MeKENZIE. THE DEPOSED RECEIVER OF NOME MIN
ING CLAIMS, AGAINST WHOM THE SUPREME COURT OF THE
UNITED STATES HAS DECIDED.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— As a result of
a conference between the Secretary of
*War and Quartermaster General Ludlng
ton, it has been decided that no further
action can be taken with regard to the
return of the volunteers from the Philip
pines until Congress shall make provision
for their replacement. The War Depart
ment is considerably embarrassed by the
failure of Congress to. make, provision be
fore the recess for the relief of the mili
tary situation In the Philippines. Acting
upon representations made by General
MacArthur. the department has concluded
that it is absolutely necessary to maintain
an army of 60.000 men In the Philippine
Islands until the current policy of estab
lishing municipal governments through
out the archipelago has been executed.
It is stated at the department that with
any reduction of the military strength
below that figure existing conditions would
doubtless prove most disastrous to the In
terests of the United States.
There are now about 69,000 troops, regu
lars and volunteers, in the Philippines,
and arrangements have been already
made for bringing home 9000 of that num
ber. No further reduction will be made
until the War Department is advised fully
of the purpose of Congress Avith regard to
army legislation. When the necessary
authority haa bc«i given it is the purpose
of the department to bring home as rap
idly as possible all the volunteers and reg
ulars whose terms of enlistment expire
on the 30th of June next, but not before
it Is possible to replace them man for
man with recruits enlisted under' the
terms of the new army bill.
It Is expected that Congress will act
promptly on th© army bill soon after it
reassembles In January, but even In that
event It .U said at the War Department
it will not be- possible to get the fresh
troops to the Philippines inside of two
months' time. The general home-coming
movement of the mass of volunteers,
therefore, will have to be postponed until
about February L That will give the
quartermaster's department but five
months' time to bring home th© remainder
of the volunteers and the regular troops
whose terms will expire at the same time,
aggregating about 40,000 men, before July
1. This is Believed to be beyond the capa
city of the transport service as at present
organized and may necessitate the char
tering of additional steamships.
Recent cable advices from General Mac-
Arthur indicate a strong- desire on the
part of the volunteers generally to re
turn to the United States, and that com
paratively few of them are likely to re
enllst unless the most liberal inducements
are offered. It is understood that General
MacArthur - has- recommended that a
bounty of $250 be allowed to each soldier
In the Philippines who. re-enlists for an
other term, and the plan is said to meet
¦with the favor of the officials of the War
Department.
Be Replacsd by
Recruits.
TROOPS' RETURN
TO BE POSTPONED
Men in the Philippines Must
will of the late Edgar E. Dur
yea, the wealthy starch manufacturer,
that on behalf of his clients he would
withdraw all objections to the probate of
the will. The object cf this withdrawal.
It is said^ Is to pave the way for bringlnar
»-H"iin x 1 1 1 1 1 in h-i-h-: :i"M-:
NEW YORK, Dec. 24. — Surrogate
Beabury of Nassau County re
ceived notice to-day from coun
sel for the contestants of the
MRS. MARCIA V. D. COX, ONE OF THE THREE DAUGHTERS OP THE
LATE MILLIONAIRE EDGAR E. DURYEA. WHO ARE CONTEST
ING HIS WILL. IN THE COURTS.
JOHNS. N. F.. Dec. 24.— The Colonial
Cabinet has decided to await action by
the Imperial Government before deter
mining upon a policy with respect to the
renewal cf the French shore modus vi
venfli. when it expires next Monday. The
Initiative will lie with Mr. Joseph Cham
berlain. Imperial Secretary of State for
the Colonies, who must cither make an
other treaty with France or call upon
The colony to renew the modus Vivendi.
Fhould the latter course be adopted by
Mr. Cfcamberlain. the colony's opportu
nity will come, for, ty refusing to renew
her bond, it will force Mr. Chamberlain
to an impossible position or be able to
dictate ample concessions.
Colony in Newfoundland Hopes to
Catch the Premier on the Shore
Question.
CHAMBERLAIN MAY BE
PLACED IN BAD POSITION
bankruptcy was filed in the United States
Ccurt here to-day by E. A. Porter &
Bros., dealer? In agricultural implements,
of Bowling Green, Ky. The firm's lia
bilities eggresate $53,000, with assets of
Ji2,0<*>. The Srm was composed of Eugene
A., Charles \V., Edward L. and Clinton
J. Porter.
E. A. Porter lists in his individual peti
tion liabilities amounting to J118.53S, in
cluding rirm debts, tils individual assets
ere listed at *24.105. Edward L. Porter's
individual debts, including the firm's
obligations, Rie $94,123; assets, 516,254.
The petition of Clinton J. Porter dis
closes that including the firm's debts he
owes ?14rt.S01. with assets at $22,333:
Charles W. Porter owes $S3,7SS with as-
FeTP amounting to *12,705. The firm of
Perter Bros, was widely known and had
always been ronsidered of sound financial
Ftanding.
rirm Declares Its Liabilities Aggre
gate the Sum of SS3,OOO, "With.
Assets at $43,000.
LOUISVILLE. Dec. 24.-A petition in
to Follow.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. Dec. 24.— The
Feeond earthquake experienced by this
district within a month occurred at noon
to-day. The shocks were at first scarcely
perceptible, but they increased steadily
cr.G. the last was the moft severe known
i^r many years in this region. It would
Le almost impossible to injure the mas
t-ive masonry of the buildings constituting
the principal portion of the city, but some
riamape was done in the poor quarters,
and one child was badly injured by a fall
ing tile.
The people cf the city have a deadly
fear of seismic disturbances owing to the
destruction of a cathedral long ago. Many
cf them now predict an early disaster be
cause of two earthquakes that have vis
ited Santiago within thirty days.
POSTER & BEOS. FILE A
PETITION IN INSOLVENCY
2?atives Much Alarmed and Many of
Them Predict Great Disasters
EARTHQUAKES DISTURB
SANTIAGO RESIDENTS
LONTDON", Dec. 25.— The Standard, re
ferring to the canal difficulty, expresses
a hope that President McKInley will
'¦show himself wiser than the inconsider
ate Senate."
The Daily Chronicle bluntly admits that
the "Nicaragua cloud has become very se
rious." It sc-c-s no compromise course be
tween allowing things to elide, thus "caus
ing another miserable loss. to our honor
end reputation," and an unconditional re
fusal of the new amendments. Assuming
the latter alternative to be adopted, the
Daily Chronicle asks: "\Vht force has
Lord Salisbury to back up a refusal? Our
army is shut up in South Africa and
China, and ourTiavy is needed to protect
communications with both. Seldom in its
Ftcrmy career has the Conservative N gov
t rnment been placed in a most dangerous
dilemma."
WASHINGTON, Dec U.~ The State De
partment has decided to send the amend
ments to the Hay-Pauncefot© treaty to
the British Government through two
< hannels. one being transmitted to Lord
J'auncefote, the British EmbaBsador, and
ihe other through Erobassador Choate at :
l^ondon. who will present it to the For
eign Office. It is the understanding that
the department will make no representa
tion whatever as to the changes made in
the treaty; the Senate amendments will
be allowed to epcak for themselves and
the action of the department will be pure
ly formal. As the papers leave New York
on to-morrow's mail steamer, they should
reach London about New Year's day. so
that the negotiations will certainly lapse
over into the next century at the very
earliest.
BITTER COMMENT
OF LONDON PRESS
Angrily Criticiz» the Sen
ate's Action on the
Canal Treaty.
?
One Journal Deplores the Fact That
Great Britain Is Not in a Posi
tion to Refuse to
Acquiesce.
The closing of the Holy Door took place
with the. utmost, pomp ...of., the Catnolic
Church, his Holiness descending to St.
Peter's Cathedral; at 11 a.m., and the
ceremonies lasted until l*p..m. The Pope
then returned to his apartments, appar
ently not fatigued. "'He intoned the "Te
Deum" in a resonant voice, and through
out gave evidence of being in excellent
health and .spirits. He used the artistic
golden trowel, subscribed for by the Cath
olics of the world, in mortaring the glided,
bricks which he placed, as a first layer,
on the threshold of St. Peter's door. The
whole pontiticial court participated in the
ceremonies. . ' . . >- ,
The spectacle Inside the^vast basilica
was superb. The pillars of the central
nave were draped with gold embroidered
scarlet cloth, and the porch under which
the function' took place was transformed
into a' magnificently decorated hall. On
the left of the Holy Door was erected the
pontlncial throne, covered with red and
gold. On the right hand of the door stood
tribunes for royal personages,- Princes,
Knights of Malta, prelates, representa
tives of the Roman nobility, and other
distinguished persons.
Inside the church every inch of space
was occupied by the throng which gath
ered early in the morning. A strong de
tachment of troops, stationed in the
square in front of the Cathedral, con
trolled the incoming crowds, who literally
raced to secure the best positions.
- The Pope left his apartments at 11115 a.
m.,' borne in the sacred chair and pre
archbishops, bishops and cardinals, and
ceded by clergy with lighted candles,
archbishops, bishops and cardinals, and
escorted. by the pontificlal noble guards.
On his arrival at the portal of St. Peter's
he alighted and entered, the church
through the Holy Door. As he appeared
on the threshold, the silvery tones of the
trumpet echoed through the edifice. The
chaplain of the Vatican met him and pre
sented to him" holy water, which he
sprinkled upon the congregation. Ap
plause being forbidden, a religious silence
was observed, which heightened the
grandeur and impressiveness of the mo
ment. . . :¦ -
Borne now on the Sedia Gestatoria to
the high altar, he stepped to the ground
and kneit before the most precious relics
of the Catholic Church,, which wer# dis
played on the altar. Then the procession
reformed and proceeded to the chapel of
the Sacrament, where the Pontiff again
knelt for some time, while the choir of
the Sistine chapel chanted psalms. The
Pope was then borne to the Holy Door,
where he alighted from the Sedia Gesta
toria and waited until the entire proces
sion had passed out through the door, he
leaving the church last and walking to
the throne,- where he seated himself. A
number of sacred songs were sung by the
Papal choir, after which Leo rose and
blessed all the material employed in clos
ing the door.
• Then he descended frctei the. throne,
knelt before the dome and* laid with the
gold trowel a layer of cement, on which
he placed three gilt bricks bearing com
memorative inscriptions. Beside 'the
bricks, he placed a casket containing gold,
silver and bronze medals and bearing the
head of Leo, and inscriptions recording
the opening and closing of the Holy
Door. ". • ¦ •
The Pope having ascended the throne.
Cardinal Bishop Scran" no Vannutelll,
great plenipotentiary, and four other car
dinals, performed a similar ceremony . of
laying cement and three bricks, after
which the masons employed by the Vati
can closed the doorway with a canvass
screen, painted to represent marble, with
a cross in the center.
The candles borne by the clergy 'were
extinguished, the "Te Deum" was sung
and the Pontiff, having given solemn ben
ediction, was immediately carried back
to his apartments.
It is estimated that 80,000 people were
spectators of the ceremony.
ROME, Dec. 24.— The Pope to-day per
formed the ceremony of closing the holy
door of St.; Peter's. Cathedral with the'
gorgeous forms usual "to great functions
of this kind. It was a. magnificent (spec
tacle.' There was a great ••gathering of
th« Princes of the church/ who partici
pated in the cermony, 1 which .was' wit
nessed by 'enormous crowds.
— » ' ¦ ¦¦
His Holiness Chants the "The Deum"
in a ReBoaant Voice and
Suffers No Unusual
; Fatigue.
Impressive Ceremonies at
St. Peter's Cathedral in
Rome.
POPE LEO CLOSES
THE HOLY DOOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL., TUESDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1900.
SUPREME COURT DENIES
THE McKENZIE PETITION
» ¦ ¦
Holds That the Circuit Court Has Jurisdiction in
the Nome Receivership Case.
2
To Cure a .Cold in One Day-
Take Ijuatire Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druurleti refund money If It falls to cure. E.
W. Grove's signature la on each box. 2S& •
lil Blip^^^^/^dffft^s" (H^p [^B^xam«*» ' \ ; Rubber Company Formed.
. NEW YORK. "Dec. 24.— Perry • Tiffany
has" declared; himself bankrupt, and in. a
petition filed to-day he places the amount
of his liabilities JS3.S97 and his f nominal
assets at $66,200. .Mr. Tiffany was former
ly vice president of the Sterling Supply &
Manufacturing Co., trading in railroad
supplies. Mr. . Tiffany -. is a : grandson of
Commodore Perry and a son of George
Tiffany, of 'Baltimore. He married a
daughter : of the late •< ; Theodore ; Have
meyer. His brother William, who was
with the Rough Riders, died in Boston af
ter his return from Cuba. .
Perry Tiffany Bankrupt.
Bodies of Four Ruff Children Buried
in One Grave.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 24.— The remains of tho
four little Ruff children, who were
burned to death in Saturday mcrning'a
fire, were buried to-day in Oak Hill Ceme
tery. The charred bodies were all placed:
In one coffin and consigned to one grave.
The mother and father were unable to at
tend. ' 111! IIiM till flF
Flowers . covered the casket, which waa
placed in the center . of the parlor at
Ward's undertaking establishment, aad
the ceremonies were well attended.
¦ Mary Ruff, the young girl who was res
cued, is in a serious condition, and it is
doubtful if she will recover.
FUNERAL OF FIRE VICTIMS.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 24.— Mrs. A. J.
Hough of this city has made the Univer
sity of Southern California a Christmas
present of a business block on South
Broadway valued at J40.C00. The gift la
conditional upon the raisins of an addi
tional $160,000 In two years. Fifty thou
sand of this has already been subscribed
and it is confidently expected that the re
mainder will be raised within the time
limit.
Mrs. A. J. Sough of Los Angeles Do
nates a Business Block on South
Broadway.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.— James A. Bailey,
the famous showman, has made an
nouncement that he Is going to organize
an entirely new show for America, to be
called- "Barnum and Bailey's New and
Greatest Show on Earth." .
: Work will begin at once, and the now
enterprise will be ready to open on March
15, 1902, at Madison Square Garden. It
will require all That time to get ready,
collect the animals, build , the cages and
the chariots and cars for its transporta
tion. Altogether it will cost more than
J500.000. •
Mr. 1 Bailey came to New York from Eu
rope last Wednesday and will sail again
to-morrow on the New York. He said
yesterday:
"It has always been my ambition to
build an entirely new show, new from,
tent pm to centerpole. I have built up
several big shows from small beginnings,
but I always had the uucUus
then to start with. This time
I am starting absolutely at the be
ginning. ». Barnum and Bailey's greatest
show on earth, which is In Vienna this
winter, Is now an English enterprise,
owned by the English stock company. I
am, of course, the chief shareholder, but
still it has -become, a" British Institution
and I shall not bring it or any part of it
back to America."
Will Be Ready to Open at Madison
Square Garden on March
15, 1902.
BATXET TO ORGANIZE
MAMMOTH NEW CIKCUS
"There are twenty thawing machines
at work on Jack -Wade Creek this winter
and I met several going in. The claims
are rich and we believe ;- they will ; rival
those of the best Klondike rreeks."
Banks went into the Forty-Mile country
"Hansen and Tennant' have .twenty-five
men at work on No. 7 and have let No. 11
out on lays, there now being about thirty
men at work.
TACOMA, Wash.. Dec. 24.— Jack "Wade
Creek, In the Forty Mile district. Is enjoy
ing wonderful . prosperity this winter.
Wages' are high! th«re Is plenty of work
and many men are headedfin that direc
tion from Dawson.- Such Is the statement
of J. L. -Banks, who arrived . from 1 there
last night and who owns No. 4 -below on
that famous creek. He says: "There are
SCO men on Jack Wade Creek. All are
working for $1 an. hour, which is the best
'wages paid in any Yukon camp at the
present time. .
"At the company stores at Forty Mile,
below Jack Wade. Hour, is $8 a sack and
bacon sells for about 60 > cents. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Caught in the Ice, Is Breaking
Dp and May Be a Total
Loss.
9 ?
Steamer El Dorado, Which Was
WORK IS PLENTIFUL
AND WAGES GOOD ON
JACK WADE CREEK
STOCKTON. Dec. 24.-After a
courtship extending back to
childhood days spent In old Cala
veras, H. R. McNoble and Miss
Sadee Roberts Williams were to
day united In marriage. The ceremony
was performed in Visalia by Rev. G. K.
Foster.- The couple went to Plxley. Tu
lare County, the home of the bride's par
ents, to spend a few weeks.
Three times has the day- for the wed
ding been set, the last time for the 20th of
the present month, and each time It has,
by a strange fatality, found the groom
dangerously ill. When he became conva-
Special Dispatch to The CalL
VALL.EJO. Dec. 24.— Harry WHser, the bur
glar who robbed a house in Vallejo on the 1st
of Sept-mber last and r.was • captured : a month
'later at Woodland, was sentenced . to-day » by
Judge Buckles to serve three years In Folsom
prU.cn. BHBflfiBHHHHBlB
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 24.— The steamer
Danube brings news that on December 18
there had, been flv'e deaths in a '.week at
Dawson from pneumonia, and the people
were greatly worked up" over it. The
epidemic of typhoid ¦was subsiding." Small
pox hadv almost disappeared, and : there
were but two cases? in the district. Five
thousand vaccine points reached Dawson
on December 18, and , compulsory vaccina
tion was Immediately started.. ..-.,,-
It is reported . that discoveries of rich
quartz mines have been made on Bonanza
and , elsewhere In the Klondike . district.
Many' samples assay over: $50 to the ton.
None go less than $10, and one .went $96.
Six automobiles have, reached Dawson
and will be used on a run to the creeks.
Week.
Five Deaths From the Disease in One
Dawson arrivals state that the steamer
El Dorado, which was caught in the ice
at the mouth of Hells Gate, lies in a very
dangerous position and is being gradually
broken up. It -is believed she will be lost
when the river opens. Her " owners are
preparing to make an attempt to life her
up on solid Ice and skid her to shore.
Arthur Moffatt died December 14 near
Dawson as the result of exposure in a
blizzard while hunting on Eureka Creek.
He started after caribou, waa overtaken
by., a: storm and lost for two days. When
rescued by searchers his hands • and feet
were badly, frozen. He died while being
hauled to Dawson In a basket sleigh
drawn. Moffatt went to Dawson last year
from Oregon City, where his people live.
PNEUMONIA AT DAWSON.
four years ago, and this Is his first trip
out since then.
Mr. McNoble is the grand orator of the
Native. Sons of the Golden "West. Police
Commissioner of Stockton and an attor
ney of State-wide reputation.
lescent a few days ago the couple agreed
that the- ceremony should take place
without further delay. Yesterday. Mr.
McXoble was able to travel, and went to
Visalia, where he was met by h'.s fiancee.
The bride is well known and highly re
spected in Stockton. During the severe
Illnesses o'f the groom her ministrations
were . faithful and unceasing. She is an
accomplished vocalist, a clever ~ conver
sationalist and possessed of a charming
face and figure. •
H. B, McNOBLE, GRAND ORATOR OF THE NATIVE SONS, AND MISS
SADEE ROBERTS WILLIAMS. WHO WERE UNITED IN MARRIAGE
the stcrms to enter the straits. Saturday
proved moderate and the Queen Margaret
sailed through.
The British ship Rathdown sailed from
Yokohama a week ahead of the Queen
Margaret from Hongkong, and Captain
Logie expressed greatfears for her safety.
The Rathdown is now eighty-one days
out from Yokohama. Being lightly laden
it Is feared that the ship went down in
some of the terrible storms which have
been raging.
jVLAITY SEAMEN PERISH.
British Channel.
Dense Fogs Cause Disasters in tho
LONDON. Dec. 24.—Dense fogs on tha
coasts are greatly interfering with navi
gation and several wrecks have occurred.
The British steamer Brunswick grounded
in the British Channel, keeled over and
sank. Seven of her crew were drowned.
The reports that several Shetland fish
ing: boats were In great peril from the
storm and had probably been lost are con
firmed. Only one boat out of five has been
found, and It is known that no fewer thin
twenty-two fishermen have perished.
STEAMER ANTZLIA ASHORE.
Her Two Passengers Are Taken Oiff
by life Savers.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., Dec. 24.— The
British steamer* Antilia, commanded by
Captain S. T. Montell, from Nassau for
New York with a general cargo, ran into
a dangerous position on the bar of tho
south channel of Great Egg harbor Inle:
early to-day. A wrecking tug is standing
by and will try to get her off. Two pas
sengers, John Sherman of St. Louis and.
Charles Brown, the actor, of Denver, wero
landed by llfesavers and started home by
rail.
Land and Improvement Company was In
corporated hero to-day with a capital
stock of $10,000 and the following direct
ors were selected: H. U. Mudge. general
manager Atchlson. Topeka and Santa Fe.
Topeka: W. G. Kevin, general manager
of the Santa Fe system west of Albuquer
que; C. X. Sterry, attorney of the Santa
Fe; H. J. Stevens and T. J. Norton. Tho
company is organized for the purpo.se of
owning and handling real estate, mlnea.
hotels and waterworks; operating dining
cars and eating-houses; dealing in stock?.
bonds and securities; operating vessels
and doing a general mercantile business.
It Is stated the corporation will have
charge of the lands of the San Joaqula
Valley road.
CHRISTMAS PRESENT TO
SOUTHERN" UNIVERSITY
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 24.— Oscar Murphy,
an old and most respected citizen of this
county, died very suddenly while at
church In Sebastopol Sunday evening. Mr.
Murphy, in company with his wife, at
tended the evening services of the Congre
gational church, of which he has long
been a prominent member. -He was stand
ing during the last hymn when he fell to
the floor dead. He was apparently in the
best of health before the service and his
sudden death was a great shock to his
friends and relatives.
The deceased was 71 ' years old and
leaves a widow and one son, Albert Mur
phy. He was a veteran of the Civil War
and a member of Ericsson Post. G.-A.R.,
of Sebastopol. _ He was deputy Tax . Col
lector of this county under Sheriff Sam I.
Allen two years ago, and was a prominent
Republican politician.
The. Ladles' 'Aid Society of the Congre
gational church of- Sebastopol,- of which
Mrs. Murphy Is president, had planned to
present Mr. and Mrs. Murphy with a
beautiful chair as a Christmas gift at the
conclusion of- the services at • which Mr.
Murphy breathed his last. The remains
will be burled at Sebastopol cemetery
Christmas afternoon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sudden Demise of Oscar Murphy, an
Aged and Respected Citizen of
Sebastopol and Veteran of
jthe Civil War.
DIES IN CHURCH
DURING THE SINGING
OF THE LAST HYMN
TACOMA, Wash., Dec. 24.— The British
bark Queen Margaret reached Taeoma to
night, fifty-one days out from Hongkong
to the cape, after having encountered se
verer gales than Captain Logie ever
heard leported. Captain Logie sighted the
cape a week ago, and from that day until
last Saturday he was forced to beat
around outside, waiting an abatement of
From Yokohama.
British Ship Is Many TJays Overdue
The Inchcape Rock comes from Shang
hai, and having encountered terrific
weather consumed fifty-eight days in
making the passage. Twenty-five days
ago provisions became scarce and as the
storms continued with unabated fury.
Captain Porter became despondent. As
thw food supply grew scarcer his mental
condition became worse, and at 3 o'clock
on the morning of the 20th his reason
lied. Rushing from his cabin, he plunged
headlong over the rail before the officer
of the deck could stop him. In the dark
ness and storm all attempts at rescue
proved futile.
The steamship St. Bede," which arrived
to-day from Morovan, also lost a man off
thei river. The unfortunate man died in
fearful agony of lockjaw, resulting from
dysentery.
Vessels reaching Astoria report much
wreckage along the coast, and it is be
lieved a coasting schooner has foundered.
«
FEARS FOR THE RATHDOWN.
ASTORIA, Or., Dec. 24.-Crazed with
fear that the men aboard his vessel would
starve before reaching port. Captain Por
ter of the British ship Inchcape P.ock
committed suicide early on the morning
of December 20 by jumping into the sea.
The vessel arrived to-day, her men half
famished, in charge of First Officer Wll
linms.
Two Men Drowned.
STOCKTON, Dec. 24.-Robert Klrkland
aim .laxues .«cJinnon, two men employed
on tut; Koss Sargent ranch, near 'New
Hope, were drowned some time during
last nJght by a cart In which they were
riding turning over and throwing them
Into, a" large drainage canal. :The ditch
was dragged to-day, but neither body was
recovered. Kirkland was a bookkeeper
and had relatives in Honolulu. McMahon
was a laborer and came from Canada.'
TACOMA. Wash.. Dec. 24.— The British
ship Glenloch, now In the harbor, *is to
establish a precedent in the exportation
of PaHlic Coast wheat. She is to load
with 221.000 bushels in sacks and will sail
for Liverpool via the Suez canal, being
the first steam vessel to so from Tacoma
to Europe over that route. There Is a
difference In favor of the Cape Horn route
of 1MX) miles, bet the price of fuel at the
"""' lni !; ""rfF Sn South America Is so much
higher that it is believed It will be econ
omy to steam the additional 1S00 miles
The Glenloch will coal In Japan and at
Port Said, which it expects to reach «n
sixty-five days or less. . ,
Will Sail via Suez.
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. fy.— Burglars
are very plentiful In this vicinity and
have now taken to the mining districts.
Saturday night between midnight and 1
o'clock the Luna brothers of Holcomb
Valley were awakened by the entrance of
a masked robber with a Winchester, who
held the owners up in approved style, and
keeping thorn covered with the gun went
through the cabin and secured $300 in gold
amalgam and. $30 in coin. He backed out
and made good his escape. The robber
was Frank A. Day, alias Curtis, who
committed burglary at Oro Grande a
month ago. and, although admitting his
guilt, the Justice let him go on a sympa
thetic plea. Officers are hot on his trail
and will probably capture him.
Ransacks a Cabin in San Bernardino
County.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 24.— An overdose of
red wine made B. O. Alborgasio the ter
ror of his home and neighborhood this
afternoon. Armed with, a revolver he
drove his wife and daughters from the
house with numerous threats to take nis
wife's life. When his son Fred interfered
to protect the mother the infuriated man
pounced upon him and the boy barely
escaped with his life. Constable Treanor
arrived upon the scene Just as Alborgaslu
was proceeding to if neighbor's house
where his wife and daughters had sought
rotuge. Treanor relieved him of a re
volver and lodged him in jail. This is the
man's second attempt to harm his wife.
He will have a hearing before Justice
Rodden to-morrow.
• —
ROBBER SECURES GOLD.
Murder at San Rafael.
B. O. Alborgasio Threatens to Do
While the claims of the dead Kodowatt
were founded on better grounds than
those of his competitors, it is said he was
not so highly respected as George Snort
rldge. nor had he to large a following.
The principal contestants now are George
Shortridge and a young Indian named
Hitchcock. The former has claimed tha
title since the deaih of his father some
years ago. and has been recognized by
many of the tribe for as long, while
Hitchcock is a new claimant. Judge Gir
ton, who recently arrived from Porcupine,
ar.d who is now en route to San Francis
co, says Hitchcock's claim seems to . be
growing in favor. * There are other can
didates than Shortridge and Hitchcock,"
said Judge Girton, "but It is the general
opinion test one cf these will become rec
ognized. Hitchcock is young and popu
lar, and. when we passed through Kluk
wan, he was gathering his hosts together
and had begun his campaign."
ATTACKS WIFE WITH REVOLVER
SEATTLE. Dec. 24.— Chief Kodowatt of
the ChUkat tribe died suddenly on Decem
ber tt. supposedly from some stomach
disease. It was Kodowatt who conceived
the scheme of settling the disputes of
years among the Alaskan Indians by giv
ing the big potlach at Klukwan last Oc
tober. The death of Kodowatt has re
newed the strife among the Chilkats for
the succession of the chieftaincy. The
contention among this< tribe over the right
to be called the chief has been long con
tinued.
Lively Contest Regarding^ the New
Ruler of the Tribe. I '
CHILrKAT CHIEF DIES.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Driven Insane by the Fear That the Crew of His
Storm-Tossed Vessel Would Starve.
INCHCAPE ROCK'S CAPTAIN
PLUNGES INTO THE SEA
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 24.— The C. B.
Boothe Manufacturing ar.d Supply'Com
pany, dealers in machinery and machin
ists' supplies, has sold out to the recently
organized Pacific Coast Manufacturing
Company. The capital of the latter is
$100,000. fully paid up. • Valentine Peyton,
at one time-owner of the Mount Lowe
Railway;. Js "president: • J. H. Haskett,
manager of Fairbanks, I Morse & Co., at
Kansas CItjwice president and manager;
Arthur liawes secretary and treas
urer. , The aforementioned, with N. E.
Rice, a wealthy coal operator of Pennsyl
vania, constitute the directory.
Booths Company Sells Out.
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 24.— Work on
grading for the Salt Lake, San Pedro and
Los Angeles Railway will commence from
this city In a few days. A tralnload of
scrapers and other implements for grad
ing, together with seventy-eight mules,
came in on a special to-night from tho
Mohave Desert, where they nave been em
ployed on the Santa Fe repairing the
track after the recent storm. The owner
of the outfit, J. W. Thurber of Long
Beach, has the contract to commence
grading for the new line from this point
toward Los Angeles, and has put the
mules out to pasture for a few days' rest
and then will begin work. This is San
Bernardino's Christmas present.
Ready for Work.
E. A. and J. O. Hayes of Edenvale are
at the head of the new corporation- -The
paper will be Independent .Republican and
much improved and enlarged. The new
company will have plenty of money back
of It and proposes to run a clean family
paper. A manager will be brought here
from San Francisco and it is said the
paper will not be subject to any of the
entangling political influences of the
county.
¦ Senator Shortrldge will go into the oil
business and develop some property h.»
has in Kern Count>y
Corporation Formed to Run the San
Jose Paper.
SAN IJOSE. Dec. 24.— The Evening Her
ald, which has had a troublous career for
the past year Under Senator Shortridge's
management, waa to-day transferred to
Nicholas Bowden, who represents a cor
poration that will take charge January 1.
The price paid is about J12.OJ0, the claims
of the various creditors having been pur
cnased at thirty-five cents on the dollar.
HERAI/D CHANGES HAITDS.
Marriage at Visalia.
H. R. Me Noble and Miss Sadee Williams United in
PROMINENT NATIVE SON
TAKES A FAIR BRIDE
Murphy Pleads Guilty.
SPOKANE. Wash.. Dec 24.— Tom Mur
phy, the desperado, who held up six men
and robbed the Warwick gambling hall In
/fcihe heart of the city last Tuesday morn
-:ig, pleaded guilty to the charge of roB
b«ry to-day and was sentenced by Judg3
Richardson to six years In the Walla
Walla Penitentiary. J. J. Adams, the last
.cf the pan;? of «afe blowers recently cap
tured, was sentenced to eight years in the
, penitentiary.
/
FRESNO. Dec. 24— Ex-City Marshal
John Barker was found this morning in
-the street almost frozen to death from ex
pr^rure to the cold and bleeding from a
wound over the heart, scif-inflicted. The
tnotive for the act is said to be poi'erty
and disappointment over the result of the
last election, on which, an a Demoerat. he
had staked bis hopes. The wound fortu
nately proved trivial and he will recover,
though suffering much from exposure. He
has a. mother In Merced, who has be«n
Bleeding and Almost Frozen
in the Street
Former City Marshal of Fresno Found
JOHH BARKER ATTEMPTS
TO COMMIT SUICIDE
John Smoot. pent from Coconlno County
for manslaughter. In which were mltlgat-
Jrg circumstances, and Ramon Orosco "of
Cochlse County, for burglary, received
similar gifts.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Dec. 24.-Fred Hughes,
a noted Indian fighter and prominent law-
Siaker of Arizona, once president of the
Territorial Council, was granted a parole
from the penitentiary to-day by the Gov
ernor as a Christmas present. The parole
was slsmed by every influential citizen of
Pima. County, ¦where. a.s treasurer of tha
Arizona Historical Society, he defaulted
to satisfy his craze for gambling. The
period of sentence was four years. He
Bcrved two and a half yrars.
Orosco Are Released From the
Arizona Penitentiary.
Fred Hughes, John Smoot and Ramon
.ir.e oriae was gowned in wnite organ
die and all-over lace, and carried a bou
quet of white roses and ferns. The
bridesmaid was attired in white organdie
irtmiEfd with pink. Her bouquet was
pink roses. The gentlemen wore the con
ventional black. Dr. Hertel. grandfather
nf the bride, performed the ceremony.
Miss Gladys Hendy. a 5-year-old miss of
San Francisco, was ring bearer. The
wedding march was played by Miss Eve
iyn Cantau. Only the immediate friends
and relatives wore present.
Mr. and Mrs. Stevens will leave to-mor
row for a tour of the southern part of the
State. Miss Th^uc-rkauf is one of the
m<->st popular young ladles in the city.
&ji-J is the daughter of the well known
capitalist. _
PRISONTBS ARE PAROLED
AS A CHRISTMAS GIFT
SAN JOSE, Dec. i4— Orlando L. Stev
ens, the well known bicyclist, and Miss
Lottie E. Theuerkauf were married this
evening at th*- home of the bride's par
ents, Mr. ar.d Mrs. G. W. Theuerkauf, i.n
the Alarneda. The evont was one of tr<e
jrettiest home weddings of the season.
The spacious home was handsomely deco
rated with smilax. holly berries and pot
ted plants. Under a beautiful floral can
opy in the bay window the young couple
flood and plignted their troth. Miss Mtn
v.ie Theuerkauf. a sister, was bridesmaid
ami T. J. McGeoRhogan. the City Treas
urer, v.-af best man.
Lottie Theuerkauf .
Wedding of Orlando Stevens and Miss
CYCLIST TAKES A BEIDE.
Pensions issued to-day: California—Or
iginal—John E. Hammond. Wawona. J6;
Stephen S. Ward, Napa. $6; George H.
Evan?, San Ji-rse. JS. Increase — Henry
Koenig. Oakland. $10.
Oregon— Original widow— Mary E. Burn
6id°. Sellwood. JS.
Wasningron — Original— Eugene H. Wood,
Westport. $<j.
Vexatiou? and expensive detentions at
the San Frai;ei«co quarantine Ftation of
coaling vessels from Nanaimo will here
after be avoided by the action to-day of
Surgeon General Wyman, who has ar
ranged for giving vessels a clean bill of
.health at the port of sailing. The Cali
fornia Congressional delegation brought
the matter to the attention of the sur-
E'-on general with the above result.
Washington — L,. L. Austin, Edmonds,
Snohomish County, \lce A. M. Richard,
resigned.
PoFtoffices discontinued December 31,
eiipeT5e<5ed by rural free delivery: Wash
ir.pton—Dishrr.an, Spokane County, mail
to East Spokane; Grern River, King
County, mall to Auburn; Laurel, What
corn County, mail to Wiser.
Postmasters commissioned: California —
Jamc-s K. Williamson, Moor Park.
Oregon: William P. McGee, Wren.
Appointed: California— Sarah Little.
Franklin. Sacramento County, vice P. R,
Beckley, removed; Charles Tell, Union
Hjouse. Sacramento County, vice Joseph
Kern, removed.
Oregon— D. W. Keasey, Vernonia, Co
lumbia County, vice C. S. McN'utt, re-
WASITIXGTOX. Dec. 24.— Postofflce es
tablished: California— Gibbs, Santa Cruz
County. Albert W. J. Gibbs. Postmaster.
Delay at Quarantine.
ITTTERESTS THE COAST.
Surgeon General Provides for Less
MADERA. Dec. 24.— William X. Schill
ing, a farmer living at a Chinese store
about sixteen miles from town, was shot
and almost instantly killed at his home
to-day. He lived long enough to state he
had been shot by John Dennis, a man In
his' employ.
Sheriff Thurman. and the Coroner left
for the scene of the shooting early this
afternoon. Dennis, the man accused by
Schilling, walked Into town to-night and
surrendered to Constable Cramer. He re
fuses to talk about the affair.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Accused Man Surrenders Himself at
Madera, but Declines to Make a
Statement Regarding the
Tragedy.
WILLIAM SCHILLING,
A FARMER, IS FATALLY
SHOT BY AN EMPLOYE
Both Mullenney and Rhoads v/ere called
before the board to-day and upon oath
entered a positive 'denial' to Beard's alle
gations. The Board of Trustees resolved
to bring the matter to the attention of
the Grand Jury which was sworn- in to
day.
ho might secure a consideration of $2."
or $30 per month. ,
Beard said ¦¦ that he declined to b#
bribed, saying that he told Rhoads he was
willing to add to his Income by doln'4
clerical work at night, but not by any
questionable methods. Within a half
hour, Beard testified. William Mullenney,
City Surveyor, called on him and offered
him employment as assistant accountant,
to work at night when necessary. Beard
testified that he flatly refused the offer
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 24.— A sensa
tion developed at the meeting of
the Board of Trustees to-day
when M. R. Beard, one of the
Trustees, representing the resi
dence section of town, arose and charged
that an attempt had been made to bribe
him to approve, as chairman of the Fi
nance Committee, the unitemized claims
of the City Surveyor's office.
He openly declared and subsequently
testified under oath that "VV. W. Rhoads.'
who Is a well known attorney and former
County Clerk, visited him at his office and
told him that if he withdrew his oppo
sition to the City Surveyor's claims as
they were presented from time to time
' Special Dispatch to The CalL
President Bond lays the stagnation of
the market to the law of supply and de
mand. He does not favor a reduction m
prices or a differential on large orders.
He says the association is doing the best
it can, but any time the great body 'of
growers are dissatisfied the management
Is willing to resign and let others take
their places.
The Farmers'- Club and Grange have
passed resolutions endorsing President
Bond's action and favor holding up prices,
believing that the association will work
out all right. •
SAX JOSE, Dec. 24.— Tho dissatisfaction
which has assumed a threatening shape
in the California Cured Fruit Association
took shape at a meeting of fruit growers
to-day which may result In. the retire
ment of President Bond. His policy was
severely scored, and while no definite
action was taken the sentiment of tho
meeting was decidedly adverse to the
present policy of the ' association. An
other meeting will be helu next Monday.
Some predict that before that time tne
president will change his policy.
The stagnation ot the prune market
seems to be the cause of the trouble, and
this some of the growers blame to the
prices set by the association, which are
claimed to bo too high. These prices it ia
alleged antagonized the middlemen of the
Kast that have combined to prevent the
sale of the fruit. ; The prune crop this
year was about 125,000,OCKt pounds, and
enly about 31,000,000 pounds have been sola
by the association, realizing about $"00,OJ0.
This divided among the thousands of
fruit growers gives a small sum to each.
Growers outside the association have dis
posed of their fruit and received their
money. They held about 15,000,000 pounds
of prunes.
Now some of the growers are In need
of money and cannot get It. Their .re
ceipts, which wero supposed to • be» of
gilt edge security, are not readily received
by the banks, and only small loans can
be secured on them. These growers now
tavor the offering of differentials to buy
ers of large lots or a reduction of the
basis price of the four sizes one cent a
pound.
While the dissatisfaction has not . yet
assumed a serious shape, it is believed It
will spread. Some of the discontented
ones even go so far as to want the resig
nation of President Bond demanded and
more experienced men put in charge.
Special Dispatch to -The Call.
Only a Small Portion of the Prune
Crop. Has Been Disposed Of '
and the Owners Need
SAY PRICES "ARE TOO HIGH
Dissatisfied With His Man
agement of the Asso
ciation.
PRESIDENT BOND
IS CRITICIZED BY
FRUIT GROWERS
Both Mr. Oldham and his wife are deaf
and dumb and both are from prominent
families. He has been a searcher of rec
ords in this city for twelve years and has
always been highly esteemed.
He is a brother-in-law of County Sur
veyor N. V<-4'. Smythe and has relatives
living in Oakland. Mrs. Oldham's folks
live In Ukiah; >__
It seems Mr. Oldham met a relative of
his wife at the Donahue depot on Sunday
morning to get some presents the rela
tive had for his baby boy. Mr. Oldham
did not return home until late In the
afternoon, when his wife asked him
¦where he had been and why he hft<l
stayed so long. He attacked her, throw
ing her down and dragging her around
in his attempt to choke her. He then told
her he would shoot her and went to get
his pistol. Mrs. Oldham then left the
house and went to a neighbor's, where eht;
told her story. A telephone message to
the police station brought officers, who
had quite a tight with Mr. Oldham before
he was subdued. It is thought by. all h!s
friends that Mr. Oldham Is suffering from
a mental strain for the time, which has
unbalanced his mind.
SANTA ROSA, Dec 24.— William G.
Oldham, a searcher of records of this
city, attempted to kill his wife yesterday
afternoon while in a crazed condition.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Is Searching for His
Revolver.
Woman Flees to the Home of a
Neighbor While Her Husband
Mrs. William Oldham Is
Attacked by Her
HusDand.
— •
BOTH ARE DEAF AND DUMB.
HALF-CRAZED
MAN TRIES TO
KILL HIS WIFE
The court is asked to determine Dun
lap's indebtedness and force its collection.
Plaintiffs declare that by such agree
ment of directors, and by arbitrary, un
reasonable and deliberate ruling of Presi
dent Rea. the bank has been prevented
from obtaining- ruch sums due ft and al
ways will be prevented.
The complaint states that the organized
depositors on November 7. 1S99. obtained a
Judgment cjrainst the bank for J354.SS2,
and only J13S.7C2 has= been paid on the
same. An execution for the balance unse
cured was returned by the Sheriff with
the information that he could find no as
fet? to levy on. It is alleged the assets of
the bank are insufficient to pay more than
40 per cent of the claims of plaintiffs and
others.
It is stated that President Rea boasts
he controls the board and will prevent the
collection of such indebtedness, and that
the directors have refused to take any ac
tion to collect It.
When the bank closed nearly two years
ego Dunlap owed the bank $300 on one
promissory note and a balance of 55S3 34
on another note, and both were long over
due. The complaint recites that President
Rea was also indebted to the bank $5000,
and Director William Simpson $2000.
About a year ago Director Cyrus Jones,
who was then on the board, made a mo
rion that the bank officials be compelled to
pay up their indebtedness. The motion
•was seconded, but President Rea declared
it out of order.
SAX JOSE. Dec. 24.— A eult was filed In
the Superior Court to-day which charges
James W. Rea, the president of the de
funct Union Savings Bank, with blocking
action to collect money owed the bank by
Director George T. Dunlap. The plaintiffs
are C. W. Child? end the other members
of the executive committee of the organ
ized depositors of that institution.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
nipulating Rules cf Order to
Suit His Own. Con
venience.
San Jcse Politician Accused of Ma-
ALLEGATIONS OF TIE PLAINTIFFS
Declare He Has Blocked tlie
Payment of Certain
Claims.
UNION BANK
DEPOSITORS SUE
JAMES W. REA
SACRAMENTO TRUSTEE SAYS
HE WAS OFFERED A BRIBE
M. R. Beard Alleges, He Was Tendered Money to
Approve of Unitemized Claims.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -TUESDAY, DECEMBER 25^ 1900.
TRUSTEE M. R. BEARD OF SACRAMENTO, WHO ACCUSES W. "W.
RHOADS OF TRYING TO BRIBE HIM TO WITHDRAW HIS OPPOSI
TION TO PAYMENT OF THE CITY SURVEYOR'S CLAIMS.
Land Company Organized.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 24.— The Santa Fe
;, TRENTON. , N. J., Dec. 24.— The Inter
national Crude Rubber Company,, with an
authorized capital of $30,000,000, was'incor
porated ; here : to-day to - manufacture " and
deal in; rubber goods of all, kinds. *Of tha
capital : stock $10,000,000 Is to be preferred,
with 6 per. cent cumulative dividends. The
Incorporators are all of Jersey City..
-.--¦ ----- .•--./•-¦ ¦ .¦".-.,.
3
"DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
Women as Well as Men Suffer and ire Made
Miserable by Kidney and Bladder Troubles.
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Great Kid-
ney Remedy, Will Do for YOU, Every
Reader of The Call May Have a Sam-
ple Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Among the many famous cures of that the cares of life are more than ah»
Swamp-Root investigated by The Call can stand. It Is a boon to the weak and
none seem to speak higher of the wonder- a^^ n S-
ful curative properties of this great kid- _>>° :a^^^ S;^5^w.V
ney remedy than the one we publish this /i£^^ \*e±.
week for the benefit of our readers: (itSr^ ** ( \* iC
Mrs. H. N. V.'heeler of 117 High Rock St. ,J>/ + i *^W^^j V \» \
Lynn, Mass, writes: "About IS months ago I .i/ >SBt9iWa58^t. VV»
had a very severe sr>*ll of sickness. I was ex- .'fff <3BnCW!tealwHirgBt%k V v «-
tromely sick for three- weeks, and wh-n I *H -feiWSBSEEliSBJKfflb&SJM v2^
finally was able to leave mv bed I -was left •// '&£££32£Z&&S cShfvI *£*£» \«V
v.-ith excruciating palr.s in my back. My •/* 2§«3?a£S5 lM!^ 1^ ft «jj\\
water at times looked very much like coffee. f/j MWsfSsT <*l*slai. '3
I could ra«s but little at a time, and th*n e 1 ds&jnGBr 1 %$ \?
oniy after sufferlnf? frreat pain. My physical T\ K»3?*V^ T ** •-" *J*^ \ V
condition waa such that I had no strength Isk %K13llE%%* ,»._ \ t -.-amm. SBPNa \
and was all i-jzi down. The doctors said my 1 '' nSe^i^SI Br v\ 1
kidneys v%er*> not affected, but I felt certain I ' H^ *r \\ I
that they were the cause <%f my troubK Mr Vi // Tglfc'-J^*^,' ' ' i\ On. »
sister, Mrs. C. E. Llttlerteld. of Lynn, ad- <J f/ jSm'/' fk \ '. ,V0\\^ \
vised mr to plve Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root a •• //, \JwvH. j|jiiv«*\ ! \V>\vv I
trial. I procured a bottle and Inside of thro© »\ ¦*/////. *£&fyy--**%f\ V iV\VCN\ I
da^-s commenced to feet relief. I followed up \ [////// 40Hgnr.fc''S*>**f!"J^ I iVVVNNN 3
that bottle with another, and at the complf- \ ll/////^Mr\^i'/A ¦ '^^ Z'^XwO Ia
tlon of this one found I was completely cured. \* //////y/fctSt 3£&&j' iurWVAV\v li
My strength returned, and to-day 1 am as JK '///«/¦ jW^&^^S*3HQli»4nftSvi\\yS .«
well as ever. My business is that of can- i\\ ///'tW/lXS^^^L. fc\^W^\V\N v r3
vaster. I am on my feet a gTeat deal of the 1 1 r\ / //^^^5fV>^'»c-~*~ t^- vX->x Q^vZi \
— around. My cure Is, therefore, all the more ffmL\\^EgjJB& ffBfetfcjt ,fiCS5aS<Jyfceu II^
remarkable, and Is exceedingly rratlfyln? to
Swamp-Koot will do just as much for '^Nmw^wlv
any housewife whose back Is too weak to *»Sg\>V^^\xr W^
perform her necessary work, who is al- 1 ''^
ways tired and overwrought, who feels MRS. H. N. WHEELER.
HftW tf\ Find C^llt Ic uscd t° •>¦ considered that only urinary
nu " lU r lllu wul and bladder troubles were to be traced to the
I* YniJ l\!f*£fcH kidneys, but new modern science proves that
¦ 1 8 l»U IMCCU nearly all diseases have tneir beginning in tha
SW/imnaRnnt disorder of these most important organs.
- V?wamp HUUl. The kidneys filter and purify the blood-that
is their work. So when your kidneys are weaK or out of order you can under-
stand how quickly your entire body Is affected, and how every organ seems to fail to
do Its duty.
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin taking the famous new discovery. Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, because as soon as your kidneys are well they will help all tha
other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
Many women suffer untold misery because the nature of their disease is not
correctly understood. They are led to believe that womb trouble or female weak-
ness of some sort Is responsible for the manv ills that beset womankind.
Neuralgia, nervousness, headache, puffy or dark circles under the eyes, rheuma-
tism, a dragging pain or dull ache In the back, weakness or bearing down sensa-
tion, profuse or scanty supply of urine, with strong odor, frequent desire to pass it
night or day. with scalding or burning sensation — these are all unmistakable signs
of kidney and bladder trouble.
, If there is any doubt in your mind as to your condition, take from your urine on
rising about four ounces, place It in a glass or bottle and let it stand twenty-four
hours. If on examination It Is milky or cloudy, if there Is a brickdust settling, or
if small particles float about in it. your kidneys are In need of immediate attention.
Other symptoms showing that you need Swamp-Root are sleeplessness, dizziness.
Irregular heart, breathlessness, sallow, unhealthy complexion, plenty of ambition
but no strength.
Swamp-Root Is pleasant to take and Is used in the leading hospitals, recom-
mended by physicians in their private practice, and is taken by doctors themselves.
because they recognize In It the greatest and most successful remedy that scienca
has ever been able to compound.
If you aro already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need, you can pur-
chase the regular flfty-cent and one-dollar bottles at the drug stores everywhere.
EDITORIAL NOTICE— Swamp-Root, the great Kidney. Liver and
Bladder remedy, is bo remarkably successful that a special arrangement has been
made by which all of our readers who have not already tried It may have a sam-
ple bottle sent absolutely free by mall. Also a book telling all about kidney and
bladder troubles and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testi-
monial letters received from men and women cured by Swamp-Root. Be sure and
mention reading this generous offer In the San Francisco Dally Call when aend-
ing your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Elnsrhamton. X. Y.TANTORAN" PARK, MONDAY. DECEMBER 24.—
1534. KIRST RACK— Mile and a half; three-year-olda and up ; purse. t400.
(Po7| ~~ r— — BettinK 1
In<!ex Horse, Ar*, Weight. ]*"« St. Std. ft. Str. Fin. Jockeys.. Op. III. Cl. PI.
WO ', The Bobby. J.... 9s! & 5 12 11 1 Ufc I h Dominick .. 7 15 15 3
C4T8> j Bailor, 4 112 12 32 81 2n SI IBullman ... 1-2 3-5 11-20 2-9
<1513) I.*>cochee. 4 109 3 4 4 8 *M 3 J 3 2 |o"Comior .. ' 4 12 10 v-2
1SS3 lAcrolwt. K l'«! 21 21 2h 4% 44 'Mounce „... 20 40 40 6
14M jKlorlzar. 3 PSJ 4 35 i 5 3 ICoburn ...... .13-5 7-2 7-2_ JJ-5
Time— 24. :K l »; J i. :M: V 1:1!>%; mile, 1:«>4; lUm. 2:J2; l%m, 2:3SVi- Good start. Won
first three driving. Winner. Fred Cook's rh. r. l>y Inspector B-Panpy Blossom. JJullman
rode a block too Tar before asking the conductor to *top. IianKor was best. Kocoenee
willing- to istnoke the pipe of peace with the paleface. Klorlrar ran do better.
1R:15. SECOND RACE-Mtle and an eighth; selling; three-year-olds ami up; purse, $350.
j - Tp^ - , Betting
Index iHoree. Age. Weight. jPat St. H. H- Str. Fin. | Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
1E31 iOwensboro, 3 101 f 31 1*4 In 2n In jCoburn 4 4 7-2 6-5
UU Campus. 4 KM 6 4 2 34 12 In 2n Dominick .. 5-2 5 5. 2
HM iMorlnel. 5 104 22 Sh 3h 36 36 O'Connor .. 3 7-2 7-2 1
Ua I,othian. 4 1041 4 3 4h 52 < <, ( <t Mounce .... 10 8 8 S
IMS Topmast, a lu7i 5« 7 62 61 51 Uevln 3 7-2 7-2 6-5
1M3 iKoenijt. 4 104 7 S'51 4h 64*6 10 J. Miller.... 5 8 7.5-2
V>:i_ Tjn-.riig-ht. _4......101|_l 7 « h 7 7 7 W. Burke... 30 100 60 SO
Time-'i. :i3it: \. ::c<*; H. *XJ H. M" 1 *: n.ile. 1:41*4; lHm. 1:M»*. Good start. Won first
thr»e driving. Winner. H. C. Hil'ireth's oh. o. l>y Imp. De Beauvior- Fannie Lyons. Coburn
¦ >n winner saved ground into stretch and put up a great finish. Campus improved. O'Con
nor astrMe Morin-I hustled the little mare trxj hard last part. Koenlg Bulked, then rafl a
plere. after which he ra*hed in. Scratched — Donator lf»l. Plohn 98.
ln.'KJ. THIUD BACB-Slx furlongs; Owners' Handicap; all ages; purse. |440.
TPoH '. , Betting
Index jHorve. Are. Weight. PetjSt. H- %- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
¦-'¦- JMeehanus. 4 651 4 4 31 14 2a 1 %* J. Martin..'. S 8 13-5 4-5
T446 'Hermoso. 5 97J 211 14 II In 23 Dominick .. 5-2 4 4 4-5
n4Tl> 'Theory. « » 1|2 in 2n 33 !>i J. Walsh... 6-5 13-10 13-10 1-2
1446 Kenilworth. 2.... 6l| 3|3 4 4 4 4 J. Daly 6 7 7 8-5
Time — *«. :24'i: H. :4S>*: ?i. 1:14**. Bad *>tart. Won flret three driving. 'Winner, S. C.
HIMreth's oh. h. by imp. Goldrn Garter-Fedalma. Hermoso first away, but failed to stay.
• Jenerally Furpwd lightweight could do nothing with winner. Walsh all at sea with
Theory. Kenllwnrth is a jrorxi 00K and will *ome day furnish a surprise.
1.-.3T. FOtrKTH RACE- One mile; all ages; purse. $3.10.
j |P<k , Betting
Index Horse. A«e, Weight. I Pst St %. 4. 6tr. Fin. Jockeys. Od. HI. Cl. PI.
1528 'Telamon. 2 87 31 11 In 13 11 J. Martin... 1-2 1 4-5 1-4
¦ ;- iGalamhu*. 2 U] 24 32 23 !l«i !2 J. Daly 5 6 6 1
:515 Sam Fullen.. 3...1I3 ! 12 4 4 3 »* 3 % N". Turner.. 2 3 8-5 2-6
IM» Free Lance. a..,.122j 4 3 2h 31 4 4 J. Woods... 20 60 60 8
Tlmt-M. :2«»i: 4. :12\; %. 1:17: mile, 1:43%. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, S. C. Hildreth'e ch. c. by Hanover-Tolache, Tolamon had the class and
Freed. Sam Fullen ran as If sore. Free Lane* outclassed.
153!*. FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; three-year-old* and up; puree, |400.
iPoTl " 1 Betting Z
Index Horse. Age. Weight. Pst|8t. U- H. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. CL PL
rjMS) Headwater. 4 104 SI In In 11 1 2H O'Connor ..8 1 8-5 2-5
13?? 'True Blue, 6 100 13 It 83 In 22 Mounce .... 2 8 8-5 3-5
1493 'Gibraltar, 5 107 6 2 21 >H K 11% Bullman ... 6-2 8 14-6 7-10
1518 iPupll. 8 102 34 6 42 43 44 Martin 15 50 B0 10
1328 February, 6 104 25 4h 5 2 626 650 Howson .... 15 60 60 16
1431 IPel Rio. 4 «94<6h6 6 6 Stuart 60 1000 600 200
Time— 4-16. :lf\; 5-16, :30V, 9-18. =55; 6*if. 1:2L Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, H. L. Jones & Co.'s b. g. by Imp. Watercress-Headflower. Track too
cuppy for True Blue. The big chestnut wants a billiard table to run over. Gibraltar is
out of gear. Pupil studying. February Just before March. Scratched— Dangerous Maid 94,
Pompino 99. Gold Or 102, Bathos 102. Ordnung 99.
1R39. SIXTH RACE— Seven and a half furlongs; selling; mares; 8-year-olds up; purse, $350.
< j (Po.l ~~~~ , Betting ¦ .,
Index 'Horse. Age, Weight t Pet [St. U. H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PL
1521 iL'dy Med's'me, 4.104! 33 4b 6n 1H12 O'Connor .. 6-5 13-10 6-5 1-2
O520) Ala*. 3 lOOt 41 II 11 2H 2 H W. Waldo... • 7 7 2
14« Dolly Weithoff. 4.103 64 42 62 42 In Coburn S 6 »-2 8-6
1524 Coming Event. 3. 9S 5 6 Sh 3n J'i U Martin 8 10 8 3
:::•'. Mocorlto. 6 103 76 21 22 54 64 Dominick .. 6 11 10 4
141S I'arda, 6 164 26 8 ~ hi 6 H « \L Mounes .... 8 15 12 4
1472 iSnips. 6 1"4 12 7n 8 73 74 Howson .... 10 15 15 4
1472 iJingle Jingle, 4. .103; 87 3»4<1 8 8 Dangman .. 11 40 80 15
Time— l-l«i. Swi 3-16. :1?: 8-16, :57; 11-16, 1:09; W. 1:36%. Good start. Won easily. Second
and third driving. Winner. A. G. Blakeley's b. m. by Meddler-Little Lady n. Lady looked
best. Alas ran to form. Dolly likes a shorter route. Too far for Mocorito. Snips badly
ridden. Scratched— Twinkle Twink 103, Torsi da 105, Mitten 99.
Travelers Will Elect Officers.
The annual meeting of California Di
vision, ¦ Travelers' > Protective Association
of America, will be held in Oriental Hall,
Alcazar building, Thursday; December 27
at 8 p. m.., At, this meeting they wjll elect
officers for the ensuing year; The annual
The Challenge Is Out.
: Wednesday. January the 2d, the, great
challenge will take place In this city. *
Archbishop Sends a Check.
DUBLIN, Dec. 24.— Archbishop CrokB
has followed the example of Archbishop
Walsh and sent a check to Mr. -John E
Redmond, for the Irish Parliamentary
xund.
Japan's New War Minister.
YOKOHAMA. -Dec 24.— General Koda
xna. Governor of Formosa, has been ap
pointed Minister of War, replacing Gen
eral Kathura, who has resigned.
Distinguished Divine Arrives.
Rev. Dr. McCormlck, who is to occupy
the pulpit of the First Presbyterian
Church of Oakland for a few weeks, has
arrived in this city. Dr. McCormick 1*
the president of Coe - College at Cedar
Rapids, Iowa. .
Come Along.
Do not delay. This week the greatest
shoe bargains in the world. You can wear
good and stylish shoes by buying them
right in the right place. $3 shoes for men
and -women to-morrow for *l 35 u. pair, at
the assignee shoe sale of the Boston, 775
Market street, near Fourth. •
SENATOR OT.AUK SUED
FOR OVER A MILLION
Anaconda Mining Company Claims
Damages for Trespass on
Rich Ore.
HELENA, Mont, Dec 24.— A cult for
$1,075,000 has been brought In the United
States" Court in Butte by the Anaconda
Mining Company against W. A. Clark and
the Colusa-Parrott Mining and Smelting
Company. The suit is based on damages
alleged to have been sustained by the An
aconda Company by * reason of trespass
committed by the defendant company on
ore and which was involved in the noted
case tried in the United States Court a
year ago, and which. waa decided In favor
of the Anaconda Company by Judge
Knowles. The case involved only the
ownership of the vein designated as the
"Blue Vein" and no claim was made at
that time for damages on account of the
ore taken. The suit now brought for
damages 16 based on ore taken not only
from the "Blue Vein" but also from the
main Anaconda vein, designated as the
"Red Vein," which runs through both
end lines of the Anaconda claim and dips
south Into the Colusa-Parrott ground.
RESPONSIBILITY PLACED
ON MAYOR HARRISON
Ministers of Chicago Say He Is to
Blame for Existence of
Vice.
CHICAGO, Dec. 24.— Mayor Harrison,
and not Chief of Police Klpley, is declared
responsible for the present conditions in
Chicago by the central committee of tha
Ministers' Association, 'which met to-day
to discuss the anti-vice crusade. The min
isters' central committee appointed a sub
committee, which will meet- Monday and
form a vigilance committee of fifteen rep
resentative laymen for the purpose of
making personal investigation into the
sources of lawlessness and evil in the city.
The members of the sub-committee are
Rev. Dr. Jenkins Lloyd Jones. Rev. Dr.
John P. Brushingham. and>Rev. Dr. R. A.
White.
MAY USE PORTION OF
A BIG BRIBERY FUND
Montana Citizens Anxious to Avail
Themselves of the 830,000 That
Figured in the Clark Case.
HELENA, Mont.% Deo. 24.— The $30,000
that played " such a. conspicuous , part In
the sensational legislative session of two
years ago and which is still In the St«,j,e
Treasurer's vault, may be put to' use. by
the Legislature this winter. Members of
the Montana Pan-American '¦ Commission
believe the money could be made available
for an exhibit of Montana's resources at
the Buffalo exposition next summer. It is
suggested that the money, be paid into
the State Treasury and that an appropria
tion of $20,000 additional be made to defray
the expenses of an exhibit.
UNIVERSITY OP PACIFIC
DEBT IS NOW DECREASED
Methodists Energetically Working to
Place the Institution on a Firm
Footing.
Rev. Frederick Doane read a paper on
"Prayer" at the Presbyterian ministers'
weekly meeting yesterday morning. It
was highly Interesting and waa discussed
generally. Rev. Dr. Hemphill requested
that a committee be appointed to co-op
erate with him m making preparations for
the coming of Rev. Charles A. Dlcke,
moderator of the General Assembly. The
latter, ho said, would visit this coast
in the spring. He is coming to advance
the twentieth century movement of the
Presbyterian denomination. Rev. H. N.
Bevief, Rev. Dr. Avery and Rev. Dr.
Curry of Oakland were appointed to aid
l>r. Hemphill. >
The "Forward Movement" waa the topic
of discussion at the weekly meeting of
the Methodist Episcopal ministers. A
committee was appointed to advance tha
Interests of • the movement. The Meth
odists pledge themselves to raise twenty
million dollars and save two million souls
as a thanks offering for the century. It
was reported that the debt of the Univer
sity of the Pacific had been lowered ma
terially. The debt originally amounted to
$fi0,0W, but It has been reduced to $4500.
and the church workers have hopes or
raising that amount and setting the- in
stitution on a good financial basis, v
Rev. Mr. Wright addressed the Congre
gational ministers' meeting on "Religious
Revivals in Churches." His remarks were
made with a view to showing how they
should be conducted. A committee com
posed of Rev. George C. Adams, Rev.
Philip Coombe and Rev. William Rader
was appointed to look .into the work of
the Retail - Clerks' National Protective
Association and report the result of their
investigation at the next meeting. It la
understood that the ministers will do all
In their power to aid tho clerks to secure
shorter hours and other reforms which
they advocate. WPB8*&£EiI£§j
CHRISTMAS GAYETIES
AT THE CAPITAL CITY
German Embossador Gives a Dinner
Party to the Members of the .
Embassy.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— The Ch'rlst
mas gayetles were Inaugurated this even
ing at the embassies and legations. The
German Embassador gave a dinner party
limited to the members of the embassy,
l^ater in the evening nearly the entire
European contingent gathered at the lega
tion of Austria-Hungary, where the Min
ister and lime. Hengemuller had a Christ
mas party, with a large and handsomely
decorated tree as its special attraction.
Among the company were the British Em
bassador and Lady Pauncefote. the Misses
Pauncefotp, the German Embassador. the
Minister from Spain and Duchess d'Arcos
the Belgian Minister and Countess Lich
tervelde, the Minister from Portugal and
Viscountess Santo Thyrso and most of
the secretaries and attaches of the lega
tions.
BURNED VICTIM TO MAKE
HIM YIELD. HIS GOLD
Awful Murder of J. J. Johnson, a
Prominent Farmer, by Un
known Men.
BONHAM, Tex., Dec. 24,-At Gober, a
few miles south of here. J. J. Johnson a
prominent farmer, was murdered by rob
bers.. His body was found in the yard
badlv bruised and the flesh burned from
his breast and arms. It is supposed tho
bandits burned their victim in an effort
to force him to tell where his money was
bidden. *
MESSENGER SMITH ARRESTED.
Lad Who Took the Message to Xruger
Is Arraigned.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.-Frank Smith, the
messenger of Brooklyn who took a mes
sage of ' greeting from American school
children to President Krug-et\ was in the
police court to-day charged with hurling
a paving stone through a show case on
December 20. He told the court- he had
been provoked to the deed by. an 'assault
committed upon him by the proprietor of
the place, lie was paroled after a warn
ing. ]:¦*";¦'"': ¦.-¦•'»
Receiver Is Asked.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Dec. 24.— Suit was
filed to-day for the dissolution of the char
ter of ¦ Brennan & Cap (Southwestern
Agricultural Werks), the appointment of
a receiver for the sale of the property
and division of assets. -The Southwestern
Agricultural ; Works has had. a long and
successful career. Two to three hundred
men are employed at Us plant in this city.
Damaged by Storms*
HONOLULU, , Dec. 17.— The barkentine
Amelia, Captain Wilier, which arrived a
week ago, her port being Eleele. Kaual.
is leaking badly as a; result of the heavy
storms she, passed -through. She was 45
days coming from Tacoma. She will have
to come to Honolulu . for repairs before
starting back to the coast.
DAN JOHNSON'S POSITION.
Says He Cannot Act as President of
the New League.
CHICAGO. Dec. 24.— "I cannot act as
president of the American League No. 2,"
eald Dan Johnson to-night, when discuss
ing the policy to bo pursued toward the
new organization. "1 will assist in the
new organization in every way possible,
for 1 think it will be a success and it has
good cities to draw from. We shall help
wherever we can, but I cannot bind my
self at the present unsettled condition of
affairs. With a new circuit In the Amer
ican League I could not in Justice to either
organization undertake more work. Be
sides, the complications likely to spring
up at ¦ any time may make this a busy
winter. But I have the kindest feeling
for the new promoters and will extend
any assistance possible at the organiza
tion session on Thursday."
President Johnson does not expect any
agreement to be reached with the Nation
al league, citing the case of McGraw and
Robin&on as an almost insurmountable
barrier, but he thinks there will be only
individual attempts to steal players.
REFEREE IS RELEASED.
Grand Jnry.
Barr's Opponent Held to Await the
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 24.— The Coroner
to-day investigated the death of Edward
Sanford. professionally known as Joe
Barr, who died in a hospital Saturday
night after a boxing bout with Joseph
Kerrigan at the Athletic Club of Philadel
phia. The Jury rendered a verdict that
Sanford's death was due to hemorrhage of
the brain. Kerrigan was held to await
the action of the, Grand Jury. The ref
eree, seconds and others arrested Satur
day night, were discharged.* '
• . ! ~T. *
Besults at New Orleans.
' SEWORI.EASS, La.. Dec. 84.— Weather
good; track fast. Summary:
One mile, selling:— Caetlna won, Eltholln sec
ond. Domadge third. . Time. 1:43&
Five furlongrs, selling — Belle of Klein won,
St. Blurt second, Elsie Dell third. Time, 1:03.
Six furlongs, selling— Lady Contrary won,
DiKgs second. KlRElck third. Time, 1:16.
Handicap, one mile and seventy yards—Gen
eral Mart Gary won. Annoy second. Alex third.
Time, 1:47%.
Six furlongs, selling— Sackatuck won, Early
Bird second, Mordelmo third. Time, 1:16.
Five furloncs, tellfng*-Ep won. Educate sec
ond. Syncopated Bandy third. Time, 1:03^4.
Cantrell Knocked Out.
PARIS, Dec. 25, 5 a. ra.— A boxing match
at the Hippodrome yesterday between
George Golwin and Ted Cantrell, for 5000
francs, resulted In the defeat of Cantrell,
¦who was knocked out at the conclusion of
the second round -by a blow under the
heart. The Police Commissioner, who was
present, announced that -he would take
proceedings against the pugilists.
Will Fight at San Bafael.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec 24.— Rudolph Gross
mann of San Rafael and Henry Campo
donlco of Tlburon have signed an agree
ment to fight fifteen rounds before the San
Rafael Athletic Club Bome time next
month. Last September they fought a
fifteen-round bout, which was declared a
draw. ' •.¦:.-.
Sixth race— Seven fnrtonrs; three-year-olds:
purse:
llM3)Tuthill 1C-? (U64)r>anger's Maid. 99
J«J Asian 102 H23 Wooster Boy.. ..107
14^i Havlland 99 1456 Gold Or 107
152S Alice Douffhrty 90 (HKOBathos 112
1515 Montanlc 107,'
Probable Winners.
First race— Dr. Bernays, Malay.' Prestidigi
tator.
Second race— Oomivanion. Sham. Princesa Ti
tan la.
Third race— lord Chesterfield. Silverado, Eva
Moe.
F*ourth race— Vesuvian, Advance Guard. Grey
feld.
Fifth raoe— Canmore, Selde. Brutal.
Sixth race— Montaaio, Wooster Boy. TuthilL
s_^HE fortune hunters did not fare so
*^| baoly at Tanforan yesterday, as
: I four of the s=ix choices ran away
Ji with purses. The handicappers
figured on a fast track, but it had
befn rolled, then harrowed, and was far
from being fast. Otherwise all the condi
tions were favorable for the weather was
bright and summery and the crowd up to
expectations.
At the very outpet John Bullman on
Bangor, the 1 to 2 favorite for the open
ing mi!e and a half run, made a sad error
In judging the pace and was beaten. Dom
inick astride the 15 to 1 shot. The Bobby,
was allowed to m»ke the running, and
when it came to a drive at the end downed
the first choice a head. Locochee finished
a cood third.
One of the prettiest finishes of the day
marked the close of the mile and a fur
long run, Coburn on Owensboro plainly
cutfinlshlng Uominick astride Campus and
O'Connor with the leg up on Morinel.
The latter mare was expected to do the
"trick." but O'Connor, Instead of riding
at the end, drew his whip and ran third
In a three head finish.
There was a deal of speculation over the
results of the owners' handicap at six fur
longs. Theory, from the stable of Dan
Honlg, was selected as the favorite and,
weakly ridden by J. Walsh, finished third.
Hermoso led to the paddock, where he
was collared and led out by Mee
hanus. Kenilworth ran a disgustingly bad
race.
Sam Hildrctb's good colt Telamon cap
tured the mile run without much exertion.
The two-year-old ruled favorite and was
never headed, finishing a length before
Oalanthus. Sam Fuller ran as if his corns
hurt him. nevei looking dangerous
It is a well-known fact that True Blue
iikes a f;iM and hard track, which caused
the stiff play on Headwater to take the
*ix and a half furlong sprint. Tie last
named horse never left the result In
doubt, finishing at the »tand eased up
nearly three lengths before True Blue.
Gibraltar found the route too far, (.hough
easily dlt=popiajf of Pupil for show nonors.
Lady Meddlesome with O'Connor up wes
hig-hly touted to win th« closing seven
and a half furlong? affair, which the n.are
<lid. hands down. In a drive Alas led out
Dolly Weithoff for the place.
Track Notes.
Twenty-one bookmakers cut in.
O'Connor and J. Martin divided the sad
dle honor?. e.ach riding two ¦winners.
X. S. Hall, the -well-known turfman,
died In this city Sunday night of consump
tion. "Nick," as he was known to all
horsemen, owned many a good horse dur
ing his career, especially among the stee
plechase and hurdle division. In. his
younger days the deceased horseman rode
jumpers himself, at which game he was
a fair hand. Popular among all classed
of turfgoers, his untimely end is deeply
regTetted.
Alter Lady Meddlesome had taken the
last event she was bid up 5300 over her
entered selling price of $500, at which fig
ure Andy Blakely let the mare co to
Johnny Schorr.
- Following are to-day's entries:
First race—One mile; three-year-old* and up
ward; pelllnc:
1524 Osmond 105 1485 Malay iqs
<l&24)KJckumbob K 1433 Bocl&llat 109
145T Orand Sachem.105 1528 Ale« ii
"1406 St. Wood i0S;(UK)O»en»boro :.... 89
(HC7)Edgardo 102 (lL30)Prestidlpltator tt
14bo Dr. Bema.y»....10;|
I Second race — Fire rurlor.c»: maiden two-year
olds; purse:
141J Princ't TlUnia.106 .... Kath. Ennli.,..10O
.... Slap Dash 105 .... Companion ....105
U18 Sham 100 .... El Ponce Iu5
1528 Infra. IOCi ttariene 105
Tol* 105 1!U Lucent. 1£»S
!.*.» Utmus 10S| Ijuka lv?,
Third nee— Shortroun
riar-u!?.- end upward:
1£,23 Can't Dane* 151 1
I MS Lord Che»fld..l5«
¦ i*S Bllverado 135
I&I2 Mestor 123
Fourth race— One and
year-old* and upward;
. UJ1 Mortsa«e 8*
1L21 Adv'nce Quard.llS
IMS Pcale» Ms
l£21Th« Lady Ill
¦<H!l)V*«uvlan 118
1S34 Ix>cochee »•«
]4VS Malay 104
ISM Flortxa-r if*
(1518)Grej"teXo • «*;
»<t Eteeplechaee; three
r KM Eva Moe 135
I'(U12)I.omo 155
1477 T<-jarkana 120
lKJCoL Root 1W
a fourth miles ; three-
Christmas handicap:
I 1522 Kddle Jones.. ..lie
1 1WJ Lavator ift
(;.*.23)Vlncitor no
15J4 Ban <for llg
U531)Andrt8a m
H7J The Fretter 105
(1487)Imperiou» 105
U31 Ureenock 104
Fifth nu~ 5*ven • furton»t; two-rear-oldt ;
"WVttcfcpster handicap:
U2S Cousw M l US BerooU. a
less S«44e 9S| :«69 Caxunore 114
OUOBrulal 1C2I
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MAMABONECK, N. Y.. Dec. 25.— Many
Italian residents were at - a Christmas
dance last. evening. At 2 o'clock this
morning a young woman who accompa
nied Vlto Naraglanoto the dance refused
to become partner for a waltz with Anton
Dori. The rejected fellow became angered
and followed Naraglano and the young
woman about the lioor.. making remarks
about them. Naraglano became angry
and replied and Dori then challenged him
to a duel. The challenge was accepted
and the men started outside to fight it
out. The dancers all left the floor and
went out to see what would happen.
Dori was armed with a stiletto and Na
raglano with a revolver. Dori began the*
attack at once and plunged his knife into
his opponent's chest a little below the
heart, inflicting a serious wound. Nara
glano fired two shots at Dori. One went
wild eo far as Dori was concerned, and
the other passed through hU arm. The
bullet which missed Dori hit Musician
Antonio Gluzeppi in the right eye and
passed upward and backward into the
brain. ,
An instant later the entire gathering
was mixed up in a free fight, in which
knivea played an important part. When
it was over two j others were wounded
dangerously. The injured musician died
to-night.
Adjourn Christmas Eve Fes
tivities to Viiw a
Combat.
DANCERS WATCH
A FATAL DUEL
SOUTH BERWICK, Me., Dec. 24.—Ed
win H. Knight was arrested at his home
at South Berwick Junction to-day on a
warrant charging him with the murder
of Mrs. Fannie Sprague at South' Ber
wick last May.
Mr. Knight is 41 years of ape, a native
of South Berwick and a successful busi
ness man. The crime for which he was
arrested was disclosed by the finding of
the mutllaten ' >dy of Fannie Sprague In
a heap of rubbish in a barn on the Knight
farm at South Berwick Junction. An at
tempt had been made to burn the body,
but the smoke was seen and the fire ex
tinguished by two men, who then found
tho body. The evidence implicating Mr.
Knight has been carefully guarded by the
authorities.
BERWICK, Me., Dec, 24.— Edwin H.
Knight, who waa arrested at South Ber
wick Junction, charged with the murder
of Fannie Sprague, was arraigned before
Trial Justice Lord here to-day. Two
doctors told of the condition of the body,
and witnesses gave testimony as to th©
whereabouts of Knight on the day in
question, the intention being to show that
there waa opportunity to have committed
the crime and also to show that tha
stories told by Knight are contradictory.
Counsel for Mr. Knight announced that he
would offer no defense and Trial Justice
Lard said that he considered the evidence
sufficient to warrant his holding Knight.
Accordingly the prisoner waa bound over
to the January term of the Supreme Court
at Saco and ordered confined in the Jail at
Alfred without ball.
a Missing Woman in
Maine,
» . ...
Charged With the Murder of
p^rpd HE local so-called amateur ath-
I letlc clubs will close the century
I ' with a number of excellent box-
JJL ing exhibitions. To-morrow night
the Bay City Athletic Club will
present a good care at Its clubrooms, 320
O'Farrell street, and on the following
evening the San Francisco Athletic Club
will give its final exhibition for the year.
'Indian" Joe <5regg and Billy Kelly will
furnish the pyrotechnics at the Bay City
Club. Both fighters fought before the club
at its last exhibition, and, after a fierce
bout lasting five rounds, the judges de
cided it a draw. Clem Richards and Bobby
Burrows are to box at 122 pounds; Charles
Hawley will box Harry Bowers four
rounds; Frank Neil, the hard-hitting ban
tam, is to try conclusions with "Kid"
Malone; Jack Hawkins and Joe Burns are
to fight at 135 pounds; "Fuzzie" Little and
Pat Welch are to box at 122 pounds;
BUSINESS MAN'S
ALLEGED CRIME
Tommy Nelson and Dave Hanley are to
go four rounds at 118 pounds; and Hank
Griffin, the hard-hitting Oakland heavy
weight, is scheduled for a go with P. J.
Magulre, a husky local boxer. '
The programme arranged by Alec Greg
gains for the San Francisco Athletic Club
entertainment is an excellent one. "Billy"
Snailham. who is looked upon as the
Terry McGovern of the Southside, is to
again box Joe Brod9haw. These two
youngsters put up a grand fight at
the last exhibition, and their return bout
will be watched with great interest by
rlnggoers.
Charles Wltzel and "Spider" Joe Welch
are to box at 112 pounds; Jack Cordell and
Dick Rleger will meet at 118 pounds; Jack
Archie and "Brick" Frlcl are to try con
clusions a second time; Jark Lundy and
Jack O'Brien will meet in the ring at 120
pounds; "Kid" Niel and "Kid" Morris are
to fight at 133 pounds; Pete Coleman and
"Sailor" Sharkey at 135 pounds; and Mike
Curtain and Jack Niles are to go four
rounds at 137 pounds.
BILLY SNAILHAM AND JOB BRODSHAW, TWO CLEVER BOXERS, WHO
ARE TO APPEAR IN THE FINAL EXHIBITION OF THE SAN FRAN
CISCO ATHLETIC CLUB.
banquet of the division will be held in
Social Hall, Alcazar building, Saturday
evening, December 29.
Strauss, the "waltz wizard," will begin
a season at tha California Theater next
Sunday night. He comes direct from
Vienna with his orchestra of forty-six
pieces. The sale of seats will begin to
morrow at the box office of the California
Theater.
Eduard Strauss.
The Olympla has an almost entirely new
bill this week. It is good from beginning
to end. The newcomers entitled to special
menticn are I Mabel Hudson, Hadley and
Hart and Mae Edgerton. Anita La Mont
is an old favorite, who has been specially
engaged for the holiday season.
Olympla.
At Fischer's Concert-hous« Coglll and
Cooper's Comedians presented "My Uncle
From Japan" last night to an Immense
audience. The afterpiece, presented by Ar
nold Grazier, Ethel Grazier and Blanche
Trelease, formed a pretty setting to the
spectacle entitled "A Fairy Godmother."
A matinee will be given to-tiay.
Fischer's.
The Chutes has an attractive holiday
bill, the feature being a spectacular
Christmas production by a clever juvenile
company. Other good numbers are Wes
ton & Herbert, musical comedians; Rose
Lee Tyler, soprano; Harry Braham, char
acter impersonator; Ahern & Patrick,
Irish singing comedians, and new comic
moving pictures.
Chutes.
Belnsco & Thall could hardly have se
lected a more taking play than "The
Heart of Maryland" as the opening at
traction for their new and commodious
theater. The play on each presentation
receives enthusiastic greeting:, for besides
awakening the old war memories It pos
sesses'many little points of nature that
put the spectator in close touch with the
character and the times. "The Heart of
Maryland" will hold the boards for the
remainder of the week.
Central.
California.
"At the White Horse Tavern." with its
clean wit and neat fun. makes an espe
cially fitting holiday, offering for the
patrons of the California. Last evening,
Christmas e\e, the night managers al
ways fear, found- a splendid house to
laugh with the charming hostess and all
the merry guests of the tavern. The play
is billed for the entire week, and with its
capable interpreters ought to draw well.
There will be a special holiday matinee
to-day.
audience. The transformation scene Is a
thine of beauty and in it there are soma
novel features.
I ' ~ "
The coming festival of the Swedish
Singing Society promises to be an eventful
affair. On New Year's eve the society will
give a concert and ball at Turn Verein
Hall, 323 Turk street. Dancing will com
mence at 6 p. m. and continue all night.
Swedish Society Ball.
The big show of the year Is on at the
Orpheum this week— the "Orpheum Road
Show" by title, and about the best thing
that vaudeville can put up in size. All
but two turns on the bill are new, and
the two holdovers are' the chief attrac
tions of last week's bill. ',
.Altogether the swellest song and dance
on "the programme is the performance of
Heverus Shaffer, equilibrist. Shaffer Jug
gles with cannon-balls, lighted Inmp«.
oaken • table h, washbowls, plates, as
sistants, and any old furniture that hap
pens to be lying around, in a fashion to
bring one's heart into one's mouth- It in
a • / consummately clever performance,
spectacular to the last degree.' arid bril
liant and interesting from start :o finish.
The artist in gravitation, for he" is no
less, .was a'ccor«ed an ovation at the close
of his turn. • • " . '
Bertie Fowler is another top-notcher
This* clever young woman has a quite ir
resistible gilt of mimicry. As' a hayseed,
as.- l'enfant. terrible, as the young man
very-much out for the evening, a* several
other characters In a large cast, Mis.3
Fowler showsj herself equally gifte'i, and
she was most enthusiastically recalled*
JohnsOr.;' Davenpcrt and JAjporelio do
some clever rough and' tumble acrobatic
work. Jack Norworth, as the "Jailbird
coon," has a good show, and Mllev Chris
tina's dog, monkey, and cat circus adds
largely to the Joys of living. The pictur
esque side of the show is In ; , the compe
tent hands of Truly Shattuck and Louise
Dresser, for there is not much besides it
to either turn, though the Shattuck can
fing all around Mips Dresser. Miss Shat
tuck has two- new- songs, neither of
especial Interest, but she sings them,
without question, in a continually more
competent fashion. Louise 'Dresser is an
extremely fetching young woman and has
with her two clever young darkies. Her
voice is forced, but of pleasant quality
where the production is natural. With a
bright comedy, "Tha Key of C," well pre
sented* by Will Cre?sy and Blanche
Dayne, the notable holiday programme is
completed, and It is eafe to find many
takers.
Tlvoli.
"Cinderella," the holiday attraction
at the Tlvoli, has "caught on," and last
night the -popular resort was crowded.
Everything went smoothly and encores
were frequent. The great "Carmen" bur
lesque is something to be seen and re
membered, and other popular feature?
such as the electric girls, "Sunflower
Sue," "Blushin' Roale," Ida Wyatt in her
specialty and the frolic of the pussies
and the bow-wows were loudly applaud
ed. All the principals, Ferris Hartman,
Edward Webb, Tom Greene, Fred
Kavanagh, Maude Williams, Annie
Myers, Mae Hill and Julie Cotte, seemed
to vie with each other to please the large
CHANGES IN NATIONAL
GUARD MAUKSMAH RULES
Target Practice Under the Old Begii
lations Has Not Given Entire
Satisfaction.
Target practice and regulations for com
pany monthly shoots in the Fifth Regi
ment, >.*. G. C, were greatly altered at
the annual executive meeting of the of
ficers of the regiment held at the Califor
nia Hotel last evening. The newly applied
regulation in regard to ranges of 200, 300
and 500 yards has proven successful, and
with a few changes will remain. Hereto
fore a marksman shot an entire score of
fifteen shots, five at each target. Now he
must accomplish a satisfactory per cent
on the 100-yard target before he is allowed
to shoot at other ranges.
In the medal awards the percentage has
bt en found to be too high, the gold bar
being practically massacred at 90 per cent.
The percentages will be reduced probably
10 per cent.
Heretofore there have been twelve com
pany shoots a year and the marksman's
standing was taken from the nine high
est. During the winter months much dif
flculty, waa encountered in holding shoots,
so that hereafter nine shoots only will
be held. The officials are making an ef
fort to secure Krag-Jorgenson rifles and
the appointment of Sergeant Boynton of
San Rafael as inspector of rifle practice
in the regiment is a step toward this ac
complishment, as Boynton Is one of the
most earnest advocates of the new, rifle.
Boynton has been appointed, but not com
missioned. . -
The recent Inspection In the Fifth show
ed the regiment very weak in Its corps
of non-commlssloned officers, and to more
closely watch this department the officers
decided to hold Inspections of non-com
mlssloned officers seml-annually. The field
staff came In for a "roast" at the annual
meeting and a reconstruction will be made
in this division. -
It was decided that the regiment should
hold a two weeks' encampment, probably
at Santa Cruz. The camp will be held
not later than June, 1901, as at the end of
that month the State appropriation ex
pires.
GALAXY OF STARS
AT THE ORPHEUM
"At the White Horse Tavern" Draws
Well at the California.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1966.
CHOICES RUN WELL
AT TANFORAN PARK
Bangor Beaten by 15 to 1 Shot—Meeha
nus Finishes Ahead of a Fast Lot.
AMATEUR BOXERS
ARE TO PERFORM
Shifty Young Fighters Are Scheduled to
Battle for Trophies.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
4
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Young Mothers
Stand in special need of help while the
. baby is .being nursed. Dr. Fierce's Fa-
vorite' Prescription not only strengthens
the woman for motherhood and makes
the birth hour practically painless, but
it increases the nutritive secretions
on which the child is fed. It soothes
the nerves, encourages the appetite
and rapidly restores the mother to ro-
bust health. There is no alcohol in
_ "Favorite Prescrip-
tion," neither opium,
jgfip»&Q> cocaine, nor any other
6 * wp "I wlnhtoletyotikncfrthe
"5? / great benefit my wife derived
V_^ through taking your ' Favor-
& 'g/*Ul]W-^} '.•^^ Harden,of_Bran-
1 ft b II ! J-2Vfe» •» don < Manitoba.
j«y f^-J< I r«^ 'm A Box 336. "It
•»*=5/5 *ra§ a case ol
D UfrrtriT/T^C^ childbirth. We
r*^\i 7| • rffjSS^f 6 * J much of il tJ }a'
_*__' }f_\ 'I \y*«»J s4 my wiie decid-
*^^l] f) ' S wife U thirty-
\W ! { ; j^^l three »nd this
1/ "u *^<«la\ wit her first
, 1 kj ,\ child.) She
B I fl • f~*^~i 1 commenced tc
ti\ I i * Ji \ take * Pavorite
¦ If I \ r*.^ J \ Prescription'
HH, I 1 1 6" e month, be-
l|l » •tIaI fore her child
f'/ll/ ! was Dorn - w «
I Jill ?* W"\ have a fine,
1'Jv "l^JrW healthy eirt
I fe' 31 (*» SOW) JM and we believe
iMr*1nT tha . 1 tbis 7 a *
If il/T I *%3 /in mainly owing
I 7 1 jLf 1 t° * Payoritt
[iSX^fi^l- "ffl*ir/^k taken faithfully
tJifl\\H\n *f&If according tc
Vl/l\U\l mW /Si <HrecUons. We
f I'l^A 117 J \ 8haU "rtahU,
mftfLn f^tve/i F* I recomm cnd it
ainriifvV 2r*£ <*&[ wh * rever "*
h^^JL&Cf.-V&L J\ Dr. Pierce's
/ JTA SjErjL* I Peasant Pel-
7^4/*"^^ «rfA let9 put the
ISgy bowels in a
\VMffy^\__\0*' healthy con-
Notice Is hereby ft Ken that a re-
ward o? S500 will be paid for Irt-
' formation leading to the arrest
and conviction o? parties who ma-
liciously or otherwise tamper with
the poles, lines, transformers,
wires, manholes, cables, conduits,
lamps, meters, fuses or other
property of the Independent Elec-
tric Light and Power Company.
< ¦ -*.
1.HETE6S&C0. -.49k
SpedaJlats. Diaeas« **%£??
and weakness of _$&>
men. Established 7Ss£/, +*9Si>J_j3L
l&SL Consultation \[P» ASi/ljtP
and private book \^£\ \T, \T
free, at otilce or by \3afa 1 A<HA I
mall. Cures guar- V3«?»iL V'iftxata*
anteed. 731 Mar- - H«$^W»
Let Btree: (elevator J N^!m^fl
f ntrance). Ban A^ JRaroKk.
FREE ELECTRIC BELT OFFER
fcSW^JM WijaSi-i* %* **? ** Jer ot thU paper.
'¦'WFtf^ '¦ aTi.'jfJv^TT.'K?^ C "il
with most all other tre*tn.5Au.°««;lV;r.1i?^S^£
*»•• •>•"¦. 1WWu« mm* rr«~Jl». f.lL OUICI dill for
mar* than 60allment& OXLTSCRBCl'KI ror alTnerroaa
diMam, weaknrwes and dlsonlen. Tor compleM
sealed confidential cautotrav, f at thi. ,4 mi »s4 a til teas.
SEARS, ROEBUCK* CO., Chicago.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jE&njKl&gS GBP I I I La
jM& liiF Fl s\/co
J$_Wsr i-Jj i jLLS
SIGOEADAGHE
toctUvely ccrod tjytit&Q
Xittle Pills.
The? also rolxve Distress from Dyspepsa,
tsdlgesticn and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect raatdj tor Dizziness. Nausea, Crowd*
tvyff, pyf T>^tr fn ttK» Mt*^, Ooatgi Tff"g°fc
Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowds. . Purely Vegetable. ,
Small Pin. Small Dose.
. Smaff Pf !co»y
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE— •
CONTINENTAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
Or NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, en the 21st day of December. A. D..
1S99, and for tha year ending on that day, as
mad* to the Insurance Commissioner a? th»
State ot California, pursuant to the provisions
of section! (10 and 611 of the Political CM4
condensed as per blar.lt furnished by tb* Coq-
mlsaioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital «tock. paid dp la
caah tL 000, HO 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by company $1,106. "-Ji 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages TS,::j .,j
Caab market value of all stocks and
bond* owned by company 7,400. T30 »
Cash in company's office 4.781 -<
Cash In banks 4S9.SS7 3i
Interest dua and accrued oa all
stocks and loans 81.249 U
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgage* LJ44 *7
Premiums In due coarse of collec-
tion •. SS3.S39 n
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks. ._..... 103,30t S3
Rents due and accrued.. -¦ ,, m L364 &
Total assets — ....^...P.goa.tno $3
LIABILITIES. '
Losses tn process of adjustment or
In anspepso C39.Z3 17
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 14,173 03
Gross premiums on firs risks runnlns
one year or less, {2.U4.S37 12; re-
insurance SO per cent 1,173,343 75
Gross premiums on fire risks runntna;
more than one year, tS.2S3.670 77;
reinsurance pro rata i. S;T»5 997 M
Reserved for contingencies S0O.0OO 00
All other demands against the com-
P»ny —•« • IM.KS 13
Total liabilities «..~.......^.^..t4. 774.663 73
etcome. :
Net eaab actually received for flr»
premiums 13.S7S OTS it
Received ror Interest on bonds and
mortgages 4 mj «
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources 284 933 O
Received for rent* l£<O4 «3
Total Income I4.2SL18J 78
roCPENDTTTTRES. \
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding «S1.27S % losses of pre-
vious years) |£274.ia gs
Dividends to stockholders 250,130 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 804,043 W
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 120 861 &S
Paid for State, national and local '
taxes IlS,r» n
All other payments and expenditures 24T.&6 79
Total expenditures H.017.4O 53
Losses Incurred durfnjc the year,
fir* UZ47.G3 71
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the
year $312,214,430 $U3«,17» I? I
Net amount of risks
expired during the
year 472.C5.202 4.0S3.4IO 73
Net amount in force!
December SI, 1S99....I (O.1I4.1J7 T.«33.3<n C
F. C. MOORE. PresiieTuT* 1
E. LAXNIN'O. Secretary.
Fubserfbed and sworu to before me. this rr.th
day of January. 1900. EDWARD HAIGHT.
• Notary Public.
GEORGE E. KLJNB, General M£r.
Chicago. HI.
J. D. MAXWELL CO., General Agt.
421 California Street.
D. W. GRAVES. State A&ent,
J.R. WILBUR, Snr»s,nf.
Milt« Building, San Francisco, Cat.
STATEMENT
OP THE —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OT* THE —
New York Plate Glass
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OT NITW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1S39, and for the year ending on that dav. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
Slate of California, pursuant to tha provisions
cf Sections S10 and 611 of the Political Codet
condensed as per blank furniahed by the Com-
missioner:
CAPTTAI*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid op to
Cash nOO.COO M
ASSETS.
Loans on Bonds and Mortgara t,r<) 0
Cash Market Value of at! Stock* end
Bonds owned by Company S44,*y M
Cash in Company's Office l.l»« 9*
Cash in Banks S.»7? t%
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 27.734 33
Piate Qlasa on hand 5.1.V4 44
Total Assets....*. S»0. ii 44
LIABILITIES. ~
Lot get tn process of Adjustment or tn
Suspense 14.013 73
Cress premiums on Risks running ona
year or less, i ; reinsurance
SO per cent 113.154 J?
Cash dividends remaining- unpaid B.0OO 00
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
etc 433 1*
Return premiums „...__.._.. 1,282 75
Total Liabilities 1322,912 n
INCOME. . ~~
Ntt caih actually received for pre-
miums C17, <39 a
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from all
other, sources I3.SS3 tt
Received for profit on sale of securi-
ties 4.078 3
Total Income .«—... K35.313 7?
EXPKTTDTTtTRKS.
Net amoont paid for Losses.. ?IK,$67 U
Dividend* to Stockholders 10, COO 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or .
Brokerage •• •• C3.13C S3
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
chances for of fleers, clerks, »tc 24,433 U
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes • ; 8.M1 K
All other payments and expenditures.. 2L821 3a
Total Expenditures $541,030 S3
~~ MAX President."} 1
"MAX A. WHITE. Secretary. *'
. Subscribed and sworn to before rns this 21*t
day of January. 1M>«.
, F. F1SHBECK, Notary Public.
J. D. M AXVVBLlTcO. General Agent
T. E. dANES, A*«t. General Agent,
421 California St., San FrancUcoThe City Warehouse Company was
granted permission to construct a spur
track from the belt road along Battery
street for a distance of 200 feet.
The Chief Engineer of the Fire I>epart
ment was directed to report as to the ne
cessity for additional fire protection In
the district south and east of the City
and County Hospital as requested by tho
Potrero Nuevo Improvement Club.
The protest of various Scandinavian so
cieties against granting to Charles John
son under the name of the Svea Society
a permit to hold a masquerade ball in
Saratoga Hall on December 29 was re
ferred to the License Committee.
The Board of Works submitted a long
ordinance prescribing general rules and
standard specifications for street and
sidewalk work and for asphalt and wood
en block pavements. The two last men
tioned pavements are not now included
In standard pavements to be laid by prop
erty holders and accepted by the city be
cause they have not been laid In such a
manner as to insure their durability. If
the property owners shall exact a proper
guarantee maintenance bond and transfer
the same to the city these materials may
then be accepted. The ordinance was re
ferred to the Street and Judiciary Com
mittee.
The Board of Public Works was directed
to raise the bed of the roadway on Fifth
street, cprner of Clara, to the official
The* City Attorney was directed to give
an opinion whether the city may bo
charged with any part of the expense In
curred in resetting curblngs and corner
cesspools when resulting from the reduc
tion of the width of sidewalks.
1. A six-Inch concrete foundation, such aa la
generally U5e<l for the laying of street pave
ments.
2. A concrete obtained by crushing street cob
bles and usln* it for a six-inch concrete
foundation. , .
3. A foundation of old cobbles, grouted with
a binder course of asphalt or concrete.
The board directed the City Attorney
to take steps to restrain the Pacific Tele
phone Company from carrying out Its
threat to. remove telephones used by th«
city unless its bills are paid. The Mayor's
action In notifying John Sabln. president
of the company, that If any attempt 13
made to remoVe the telephones the city
will proceed against the company by in
junction was sustained. Reed suggested
that the ordinance imposing a license tax
on nickel machines be re-enacted so as
to Include specifically telephone machines.
The matter was referred to tne Commtt
tee on Telephones. '' 1~~
The Board of Works was directed to
furnish an estimate of the difference »a
cost per square foot of the following foun
dations for street pavements:
The Judiciary Committee was author
ized by the Board of Supervisors yester
day to determine the advisability of mak
ing a full and complete Investigation aa
to whether any of the requirements and
conditions imposed upon the People's Mu
tual Telephone Company In the order
granting it an extension of its franchise
have been compiled with. The resolution
was Introduced by Braunhart, who con
tends that the franchise has been for
feited, and the investigation Is prelimi
nary to an attempt to collect the bond of
$10,000 filed by the company.
Reed submitted an amendment to the
ordinance regulating boxing exhibitions,
which provides that no professional spar
ring or boxing exhibition shall be held In
the city oftener than once a month, and
that no athletic club or organization shall
give amateur boxing exhibitions oftener
than once a month and that those given
shall be held within tho gymnasium of the
said club. Reed explained that the
amendment was Intended to abolish all
"fake" contests given under the auspices
of so-called amateur organizations, and
the ordinance was referred to the Police
Committee. The Tax Collector was di
rected not to issue a license to any organ
ization to give amateur sparring exhibi
tions.
Amended Ordinance Submitted to
Regulate Amateur Boxing Con
tests—"Will Resist Bemoval of
Telephones Used by City.
People's' Mutual Telephone
Company Must Give an
Accounting.
INVESTIGATION
OF A FRANCHISE
To-morrow, will be a gala day for ladies.
Shoes that cost $2 50 a pair will be placed
on the table to pick, from for, only, 75 cts.
a - pair at ': bankrupt shoe ¦ sale of . the - Cali
fornia.. ISOfi Mnrknt «»-- tioor.CMtv.Ha.il av.»
Ladies Are Especially Invited.
The Challenge Is Out.
"Wednesday, January the : -2d, the great
hallanca wlH»olrn nlarii ' In ' thi« ' citv. • '
The charges of murder against Drs.
George W. O'Donnell and Ernest A.
Boehm In connection with ', the death of
Mrs. Annie GIddlngs of Santa Rosa were
dismissed by Judge Conlan yesterday.
The Judge remarked that : there was , no
evidence whatever against the defendants.
Murder Charges Dismissed.
The suit for divorce brought by Mrs.
Catherine McSheehy, against James Mc-
Sheehy, filed last January, will not come
to trial. Mrs. McSheehy; alleged cruelty,
and last Wednesday her husband filed, an
answer denying the charge, and also a
cross complaint asking for a' decree.' also
on the ground of cruelty. But since the
filing of the answer the parties to the suit'
have come : together apd have made their
peace. ¦ ¦ . . ¦
A Christmas Reconciliation. <
Unsurpassed and remarkable quality of
G. H. Mumm's Extra Dry is cause of 109,
321 cases imported to Dec. 1. 1900, or 72,16:)
more than any other brand. Special at
tention is called to the remarkable qual
ity of the Extra Dry. •
A Champagne Triumph.
CONSCIENCE-STRICKEN' MAN
'CONFESSES HIS MISDEED
Unknown Man Pays for a Window
Broken O-tct Four Years
Ago. • ;. .'
After all remembrance of the affair had
passed out of the minds of Abramovtch
Bros., who formerly conducted a store at
the corner of Clay and Polk streets, they
were surprised" yesterday to receive a let
ter containing $4. A brief; note Inclosed
read as follows:
"Some years ago I broke a window In
vour store at the corner of Clay and Polk
streets. Accept Inclosed in. payment.
"We have no recollection at all of , the
occurrence," said one of the brothers yes
terday. "We moved away from that
neighborhood some years aero, -but " the
party evidently followed us up. "We thank
him heartily for his honesty.' r -
Sam's Expense.
In order to put a stop to the practice of
allowing: Chinese habeas corpus cases to
pile up in the detention shed or In the
County Jail, United States District. Judge
de Haven published the following- rifle
yesterday:
When a writ of habeas corpus bag been is
sued In behalf of any person claiming the
right to enter into the United States as a
citizen thereof, and the case has been re
ferred, the. person In whose behalf such writ
was Issued shall upon the return day named In
tho writ be taken before the special referee
to whom the matter has been referred, and
such referee shall Immediately fix & time for
the hearing thereof, and shall proceed and hear
the same upon the day so fixed, and If at such
time no testimony Is presented, • and no suf
ficient cause is Bho/wn for a continuance, the
special referee shall at once report to the court
tho fact of the failure to offer testimony and
the said writ shall be discharged for want of
prosecution, and the person In • whose behalf
the same was Issued remanded for deportation,
to the custody whence taken, unless for good
cause shown the court shall otherwise order.
When the report of the special referee In a
proceeding under the writ of habeas corpus has
been filed with the clerk and the cane shall be
placed upon the calendar and heard by the
court upon, the next day after the date of the
fillrur of such report, unless the court shall
grant further time within which to file ex
ceptions to the report of the special referee.
Chinese j Emigrants Will No Longer
Board for. Months at Uncle
HABEAS CORPUS CASES
ARE TO BE EXPEDITED
Andreas Saxlehner o£ Budapest. Hungary, the
late proprietor of the springs which yield tha
well-known Hunyadl Janos Natural Aperient
Water, Introduced this water Into the markets
of our American continent thirty yeara ago,
and ever since Mr. Saxlehner's death his widow,
Mrs. Emile Saxlehner, has been continuing the
business.
• This natural water became a favorite wllh
the medical men, as well as with the consuming
public.
The sweeping victory of this natural water
over other aperients Induced competitors to
make use of the great reputation ot Hunyaill
Janos, and the Eisner & Mendelson Company
of New York found It a profitable business to
put U"on the market of the United- States a
water" In a style of bottles and with labels
closely Imitating the bottle and label of the
genuine Hunyadl Janos water.
About four years ago Mrs. Saxlehner dis
covering the unfair competition, brought eult
against the Eisner & Mendelson Company. This
suit came to an end In the Supreme Court of
the United States In October laet by a decis
ion of that court, by which tho Eisner & Men
delson Company was ordered to stop the using
of ouch Imitation bottles and labels and to pay
over to Mrs. Saxlehner all the profits which
they had made by the eales of the Imitation
since the Inception of their business.
The public will hereafter be safe In getting
the genuine Hunyadl Janos Water, especially
If It will take the trouble to observe that the
bottle bears the well-known blue label with
red center panel and the full name, Hunyadl
Janos.
Probably there are but few cases described In
the annals of courts'of Justice In which we can
read of eueh an extensive Imitation of labels
as In the case ot Saxlehner vs. the Eisner <fc
Mendelson Company of New York.
Justice After Ten Y«ars.
Arriving in. San Francisco, the hours
will be 8:40 a. m. instead o.f 8:00. The local
will arrive 11:05 a. m. as at present.
The Overland and tho California Limited
will come over on the same ferry, arriv
ing- at 5:55 p. m. dally.
The California Limited between San
Francisco and Chicago will be inaugur
ated, leaving San Francisco daily at 9:00
a. m. and arriving dally at 5:55 p. m. Thl«
train will carry only first-class passen
gers. One chair car will be run between
Ban Francisco and Bakersfleld to accom
modate first-class local passengers for
Stockton, Merced. Fresno, Hanford. Vls
alia, Tulare and Bakersfleld.
The Stockton train will leave at 4:20
p. m. instead of 4:10 as heretofore.
The Dally Overland Express will leave
at 8:00 p. in. Instead of 9:00 a. m. as here
tofore. This troin will carry the Fresno
eleeper, and the dining car 'will .serve
breakfast going into Bakersfleld.
A new morning train will leave San
Francisco at 7:20 a. m. daily for Stock
ton, Fresno, Bakersfleld and other valley
points.
On Thursday, December 27. a radical
change in passenger train service will be
made by the Santa Fe to and from San
Francisco.
Important Change in Trains.
1 Their permanent home is in the At
lantic, between Land's End and the coast
of France, but with the summer a long
ing for change, new scenes, new excite
ments, comes over the pilchard, even
as it fills the Jaded city man, and so he
packs up and quits, and when the young
Breton 1 is supplying Peneau with young
pilchards caught in. the Bay of Biscay,
shoals numbering tens of thousands are
swarming up our Cornish coasts, and
from Plymouth to St. Ives the stalwart
sons of . the duchy are hard at work,
spreading their nets and tossing nightly
upon the dark deep for the sake of the
'market value of the fish. They "hike"
them in in thousands,.but can never catch
too many,- for no man knows what to do
with a pilchard better than a Cornishman.
He kippers them, salts them, marinatts
them for his Sunday morning breakfast,
follows the lead of the Frenchman, and
turns them into' sardines, packs • them
into barrels and sends them oft to Italy,
bolls, them fresh, fries them fresh, and,
a great point, eats them often fresh with
cream. His confreres use them to bait
their handllnes and splllers. and, in fact,
a West Country fisherman finds a pil
chard comes In pretty handy "inside and
out," as the American said.
In days of the past fish were only salted,
squeezed, packed and hampered off to
Italy to feed the fasting Catholics, and at
that time St. .Ives was the chief center,
but nowadays sardining has divided
honors with the transportation business,
and at Mevagissey and Newlyn factories
are turning out the little square tix boxes
as fast as they know how, and yet the
cry of the buyer is: ¦ "Faster! More! "We
can sell 'cm if you'll let us have them."
So the drifters work" nightly and the fac
tory hands toll daily, and it is good for
the people. *.*, • . *
The method is this. When the sun be
gins to set. out go the luggers from every
port between tne Rame at Plymouth and
tho island at St. Ives; fleets numbering
.forty. to: fifty. sail even at the small ports,
and when Old Sol has been turned out for
the night overboard ' go the * nets, a mile
long and- four fathoms deep beneath the
surface, kept from sinking by cork buoys.
Then down go : the brown sai.s, . and the
luggers drift with the long walls of net till
the small hours of the morning. : when the
capstan is manned and the nets hauled in.
With them safe aboard homewaru go the
ifleet little '.ships, and their little coast
towns are filled with fish. ; As many ¦. as
12,000,000 have been •¦landed at 1 St. Ives In
one day. The young fish go to ine- sardine
men," the best o( the older ones to the
saltlnp factory, and the remainder are
hnwked around the villages— * nlchard,
pilchard, six a ponny.trlx a ponny."'
The 1 curing for. shipment to.. Italy Is
somewhat simple. In. the seventies the
fish were stacked, with alternate layers of
salt,, until a mound six feet high had been
made, and there they staid with the brine
and » oil "oozing .., out of -the. heap ¦ until a
month had passed. -' But a ; comparatively
When the average Englishman feels
that a taste of sardine is necessary for
the purpose of enjoying life, unless he
can get Peneau's "Sardines In Oil" he
feels mortified, and assures himself with
a conviction born of despair that those in
his possession are not sardines. So far
he is right, but he makes a general mis
cake when he explanls loftily to his do
mestic circle: "No, they are not sar
dines. The real fish are now very scarce,
so that what we generally have foisted
upon us are sprats."
It is the belief of many that * sardines
are a live fish that fill the favored waters
round Cape la Hague, in France, and that
In this seas alone they exist; but there
Is no fish called a sardine, any more than
there Is a fish called a bloater. In both
cases the name is only applied subsequent
to their having been cured, and the
name of every fresh sardine is pilchard, t
in vogue, the fish being placed loosely
with salt and water In stone tanks five
feet square until sufficiently pickled,
when they are washed and packed into
hogsheads. "When the barrel Is full down
comes a ! press, and in go the fish to a
third of their original bulk. Then the bar
rel Is filled up again and the process re
peated until 2500 nestle inside. The atmos
phere inside is rather close by then, so the)
tub is headed up and labeled ready for
shipment. In some ports half hogsheads
are now used, as they are a more handy
size, and tnen 1300 fish will form a com
plement. In 1871, 45,000 hogsheads were
sent to Naples, which means something
like 112,500.000 fish. The next time a reader
of this paper goes to. south . Cornwall
and sees out at sea a long line of twink
ling lights looking like a "town amid the
waters," he will know that the pilchard
drifters are at ¦ work.
Toasting Sir Francis Drake.
Toasting Sir Francis Drake is an inter
esting ceremony. The town of Plymouth
consumes 6,000,000 gallons of\water per
day, and its first regular supply was given
to the town during Sir Francis Drake's
Mayoralty. Annually the town indulges
in the quaint ceremony of toasting his
memory, . which is done in this way. The
pious memory of Sir Francis Drake Is
drunk in water at the head weir. But
then the company drinks In wine, to the
sentiment ! "May the descendants of him
who brought us water never want for
wine." — Pearson's Weekly.
SOME SECRETS IN
"SARDINE" TRADE
was determined whether to charge him
with manslnughter or murder. He was
later remov»-d to the Hall of Justice.
"I did not know that anything hap
pened." said Forrest after his arrest, in a
voice thick from the effects of liquor. "I
guess the woman Just walked under the
wheels. I was Jogging home on a fast
walk because there were too many 'cops'
en the crossing to go faster. Something
got under the wheels, somebody stopped
the horses and then they pulled the
woman out and took her to the drug
store."
Forrest is one of three brothers en
gaged in the teaming business. He lives
at the Newport lodging house, corner of
Franklin and Oak streets, and stables in
that vicinity.
Miss Higgins arrived in this city from
Mexico about two months ago and took
rooms In the lodging house at 24 Sixth
street. She had taught music In a con
vent In Mexico, and through the aid of
friends here she had already secured a
number of pupils in this city. She is said
to have a sister, Sister Mary Clare, In the
Presentation Convent in Gllroy. Several
letters containing religious pictures and
Christmas cards were found in her room.
The dead woman was of a quiet and re
tiring disposition, and is spoken of most
highly by the inmates of the house where
she lived.
Her identity was discovered by means
of a receipt for a money order cashed at
the branch postofnee In the Emporium on
December 18. In her purse she had about
$13 and a few trinkets.
W. Dwyer of 2300 Howard street made a
statement to the police last night that the
pole of Forrest's truck struck the- woman,
and that when Forrest saw her in front
he turned his horses toward the track.
M. King of 20 Montgomery street
and Al Rankin of 144 Fifth street support
Dwyer in his account of the accident.
John Rogonski, an old man, who was
arrested some days a<?o for assault to
murder for striking his landlord. James
Ranklne, 11 Silver avenue, on the head
with an iron bar, acted so strangely in
Judge Fritz's court yesterday that the
Judge ordered him sent for examination
before the Insanity Commissioners.
O, K. Olsen. H. A: Sundberg and Harry
Smith, three sailors on the ship Crocodile,
who were held to answer on a charge of
burglary for breaking into the ship's hold
and stealing cases of salmon, had a
charge of petty larceny substituted by
consent yesterday. Judge Fritz heard the
evidence and sentenced each of the de
fendants to three months in the County
Jail.
Harry Johnston, a sneak thief, saw a
turkey hanging from a hook In front of
"W. R. Ward's grocery on Third street
Sunday morning and he could not resist
the temptation to steal it. He was ar
rested on a charge of petty larceny and
yesterday Judge Mogan sent him to the
County Jail for three months.
Edward E. Duff, the defrauding rent
collector for Benjamin M. Gunn & Co.,
real estate agents, was held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Fritz
yesterday on the charge of felony embez
zlement in $3000 bonds.
A warrant was sworn out in Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday for the arrest of
Andrew J. Dale, a baggageman on the
Southern Pacific Railroad, on the charge
of felony embezzlement. Dale bought a
piano on the Installment plan from W. C.
Hamilton, on which he paid $77, and, it is
alleged, he sold It for $250 to Captain
Rodgers, a dealer in pianos, pretending
that he was the owner.
Thomas Norton, Arthur Middleton and
James Noonan. sailors, charged with an
attempt to burn the. ship Litton, were
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Judge Conlan yesterday in $1000 bonds
each.
Police Court Notes.
if he ever got any money he would yet
pay him for all that he had done for him.
If not he hoped that if anything arose to
prove his innocence that Schooler would
not let greed stand in his way to help
him vindicate himself in the eyes of the
world.
The Call cloes not hold Itself reeponslble for the opinions published in this col
umn, but present* them for whatever value they may have aa communications
EDITOR OF THE CAL.L,: So much has been said of late about the necessity of
the Government making large reservations of the timber lands on the mountains for
the preservation of the water supply for the valleys that I desire to say a few
worfis on that most Important subject through the columns of your paper. I have
lived forty years in the Sierra Nevada mountains and have observed many things
relating to the matter of water supply which enable me clearly to know that the
rnuch-ta!ked-of necessity of preserving the timber to save the water supply Is a
huge mistake; that no such necessity exists. It is not the timber which keeps
the snow on the ground; on the contrary, the timber melts the snow off by its
own natural warmth. It Is an easily demonstrated' fact that In winter where the
timber is the heaviest the greatest degree of warmth exists. Go on the mountains
In the epring when the snow is melting: off and the most casual observation will
reveal the fact that .the trees are not only naked of snow but that a large space
around the butt of each tree Is also naked, and that every log lying on the ground
will be uncovered of enow while huge drifts are plied up between them and away
from the bodies of the standing trees. And It is easily to be seen that the great
storehouses where that snow is piled up in winter which furnishes our water sup-
Fly In summer are found among the rough crags and peaks of the high moun
tain tops, where there is little or no timber, and where what timber there is has
no value whatever for lumbering purposes, for the reasons that the roughness of
the locality renders it impossible or impracticable to get to it. and it is of such
Inferior quality as to be of no value should you be able to reach it.
The people of Northern California have only to look up to our. grand old
Shasta to see that the huge drifts of eternal enow look down upon them from
above the timber line, while the great forests around its base are not only desti
tute cf snow but present a most balmy and delightful atmosphere. And so it Is
through ail of the mountains; Just as soon as you get down to these bodies of tim
ber which are of such a character as to be suitable- for lumbering purposes and
are within reasonable reach of the lumberman's ax, you are out of that snow from
which any summer supply of water is obtained. Take, for Instance, the large and
magnificent bodies cf timber, consisting of sugar pine, red fir, cedar and several
varieties of yellow pine, which lie in the eastern part of Butte and Shasta counties
and in Plumas and Lassen counties, and there are several hundred thousand acres
cf these timber lands lying on broad tablelands easy of access and nearly on a
level with the many beautiful mountain valleys which are surrounded by these
dense forests. When the winter snow is gone from these valleys It Is also gone from
these forests, and good wagon roads are found accesslble'to travel through these
forests as early In the spring as such roads can be found in the valleys; and
th^re is no reason or truth in the statement that these bodies of timber hold back
a supply of water for the valleys In summer. Tet. it Is these vast bodies of tim
ber which are to be set aside as Government reservations, under the mistaken no
tion that the valleys will become deserts for want of water should the lumber
man be permitted to gather in the vast stores of wealth which are embodied in
these timber lands by applying their products to the supply of the wants and neces
sities of mankind.
These forests have been thus placed within easy reach of the lumberman's ax
fnr the wise purpose of adding to the wealth and comfort of man, and the Improve
ment of the world by their use. They were never intended by tho Creator to
f.and forever in Idleness, Just to grow up and then tumble down and rot on the
ground. .But should there be any merit whatever In the claim that this tim
ber protects the water supply for the valleys, the harm contemplated as a result
cf its removal is amply provided against by nature's speedy restoration of the
timber removed. Through all these mountains wherever the timber has been cut
off a new growth immediately springs up with wonderful rapidity, producing a
Jarg<» number of young trees for ever}' old one removed. This fact is well known
to every one who has any knowledge of the mountains. And as it would require
many years to remove these vast bodies of timber, it would result that before the
last part could be cut down a new forest, more dense than the old. would have
¦jaktn the place of that which had first been removed. Thus, the forest would be
perpetual, even as it is now. for trees, like men, grow old and 'die, and as the old
tree falls and rots on the ground, the young one rushes up to take its place; but
the old one Is lost to the world, while if removed by the lumberman's ax the
old tree supplies a want of man. and the transformation of the forest from the old
to the new becomes more speedy and greatly more beneficial to mankind. Then.
the lumberman's ax does not sweep the forest clean; it Is only the matured or near
ly matured trees which are taken, •while the young trees and undergrowth are left,
end these furnish the largest half of the shade and of the snow or water protec
tion, if there Is any such thing. To this add the new growth, and very soon the sald
ui-be protection is greater than under the original conditions.
But there is another condition which should not be lost sight of. Large bod
le's of these timber lands have already been purchased from the Government, and
are now held by individuals. These lands cannot be Included in the contemplated
reservations, and a Government reservation of the lands riot held by Individuals
gives a great monopoly of the available timber to those few Individual holders.
In this day of mighty outcry by the masses of the peopje against monopoly this
great Government Ehould not Indulge In any act which would create bo great a
monopoly in the distribution of those gifts of providence which are intrusted to
• Its keeping for distribution among Its people. And there are many reasons for
believing that this clamor for Government reservations of timber lands Is largely
promoted and pushed forward by those who have timber and Umber lands for sale.
The people of these mountain valleys and mining camps feel that they have an
interest in these grand forests, for they constitute a large share of the wealth of
the country In which we live. This timber is largely required by us In the devel
opment of our mines and in the improvement of our farms and homes, on lands
which we have bought from the Government without timber. Our mining Indus
tries In these mountains are in their infancy. We are Just beginning to realize
that we live in a land of hidden treasures, the great storehouses of which we are
rapidly learning how to unlock; and the timber which surrounds and covers up
our mines is Just as necessary to our future prosperity as are our mines and
homes themselves. These timber lands loom up conspicuously In* all our hopes
and expectations of future prosperity.
We need much of these vast fields of timber here, and the markets of the
¦world are calling for their products. The people who live In these mountains and
valleys and mining camps, they who have opened up to the sunlight and to the
world so many of the hidden treasures of these eternal hills, and who have so
largely enriched this country and the world by their energy and Industry and
daring adventures, feel that they have a right to share In the wealth which a proper
use and disposition of these, vast forests will distribute among them; and that
to set these forests apart as a Government reservation, to stand in silent, unused
ldlenef g. just to grow up and then rot down, is to unjustly tie our hands- and to
cripple our industries, and destroy our prosperity and to cut off our best hopes of
good times to come.
In the foregoing lines I know I am expressing the ideas and wishes of every
real live and thoughtful man in all the mountain valleys and mining camps of the
north end of the State, and in their names and interests I most solemnly, pro
test against the contemplated reservations of timber lands by the Government:
and in their names and interests I call the attention of, our members of Congress
to these matters of euch vital Importance to our people, and demand of them
that they see to it that we are not wronged by *uch wholesale slaughter of our
best interests. B- V. SPENCER.
SusanviUe. December 17. 1900.
woman? The motive that Seymour and
Lees gave was wrong. Things would
have been different if I had wanted to give
my family name. Apparently. I am with
out money and friends, but I am not."
As Hoff was led out of the courtroom
he blessed Schooler, his attorney, and said
FOREST RESERVES
TO STORE WATERS
ALBERT GEORGE FREDERICK
VERENESENECKO C K O C K
HOFF, called Hoff for short,
was yesterday sentenced to life j
imprisonment in Folsom pent- j
tpntlary by Judge Cook for the brutal
murder of Mrs. Mary A. Clute at her resi
dence on Guerrero street, in December.
is:.
When the case was called Saturday At
torney Schooler, for the defendant, moved
for a r.ew trial on various grounds, but
when court convened yesterday Schooler
asked that his motion be withdrawn,
which was promptly granted. He then
asrked that the defendant should be sent
to San Quentin, but the Judge remarked
that the authorities had requested him
to send the defendant to Folsom. Hoff
•was then ordered to stand up and the
Judge imposed the life sentence upon him.
The murderer turned pale as death and
a malignant ecowl overspread his fea
tures which made him look like a demon.
After the Judge had left the bench
Clerk Oscar Tolle said: "Well. Hoff,
have you anything to eay before you
leave us." The muscles of Holt's face
relaxed, and he replied: "1 have to thank
you, Mr. Tolle, for your kindness to me
and have simply to ask that your chil
dren will pray for me. an Innocent man.
I have to thank my attorney. Mr. School
er, for what he has done for me. and I
thank Assistant District Attorney Deu
prey. for whom I have no hard feelings,
as be 6lmply did his duty, but Mr. Hos
raer went too far. 1 did not kill Mrs.
Clute, and some day the truth will come
out. It was another man who killed
her."
Ab he was being handcuffed to another
prisoner. Hoff again burst forth by thank
ing Clerk Tolle. and asking his children
to pray for him. Clerk Tolle smiled, as
he has no children to pray for Hoff.
"You have not yet got my family name."
said the murderer, with, a leer on his
face.
"You swore it was Albert George Fred
erick Vereneseneckockockhoff," retorted
To'.le. and Hoff replied: "That f s all right.
You haven't grot my true name yet."
Then he launched into a bitter attack
upon Captain Seymour and ex-Chief Lees.
"They are the ones who put me here,"
he said, as his eyes gave out a baleful
light. "They had to find some one for the
crime and they eald to themselves. 'We
will put it on Hoff. 1 They lied about me
on the stand and raid things that I never
said. They are my murderers and I hope
they will both hang yet. I do not blame
Mr. Clute for prosecuting me. Bvery
night I pray for him and his wife. Why
should I have wanted to murder that poor
ft.>%.VT..'.,;..»..;..7..'.,;..:..:.;..T,T-T~T..T..T..T.iT..T..T,T-
Motion for New Trial Withdrawn — Hoff After Hearing Sen
tence Declares He Is Innocent and Denounces i
Seymour and Lees.,
Brandenstein gave notice that the Ju
diciary Committee will draft an ordinance
compelling owners of advertising fences
to give a bond to Indemnify tne city '
against any damages resulting there-
The bill regulating the use of public
streets for the purpose of placing therein
pipes and other conduits in supplying gas,
water, electricity, power, etc. ; proviuing
for fees to be collected for inspection and
surpervislon of work of excavating- and
restoring streets and the application of
the same to defray the cost of such in
spection and providing for damages and
indemnity for damages, was passel to
print. McCarthy opposed the ordinance
on the ground that the work should be
done by the Board of Public Works and
not by the corporations using the streets.
The ordinance providing lor an expen
diture of $6500 to rent various offices In
the City Hall was referred to the Joint
Committee in Public Buildings and Fi
nance.
The expert of the Finance Committee
was directed to report the amount of the
floating Indebtedness of the forty-first,
forty-second. forty-third, forty-fourth
and fiftieth, fiscal years and for the un
paid teachers' salaries for the fiftieth fis
cal year as specified in the constitutional
amendment adopted at the last . election
so that the same mav be provided for In
the budget of the ensuing fiscal year. The
Finance Committee will determine the
date that interest on the claims shall
ceaee to be computed.
The National Sporting Club was grant
ed a permit to give a boxing exhibition in
January. ¦
The City Engineer and Board of Public
Works were instructed to begin an in
vestigation of the value ,of the lands and
water rights of the Spring Valley Water
Company actually used to supply water.
If an expert is necessary to determine
the values the requisite ordinance will be
passed. Reed opposed the appointment of
a land expert which prompted Comte to
say that he would not give two cents for
the opinion of the Public Utilities Com
mittee, on land values.
The ordinance appropriating 1 the sum or
$1000 out of the urgent necessity fund fo
the purchase of an X-ray plant for the
i City and County Hosnital was passed to
print. McCarthy attempted to have an
amendment inserted providing for the
purchase of an apparatus of American
manufacture, but it was lost.
The ordinance authorizing the expendi
ture of $457 to heat the chambers of the
board was defeated on recommendation
of the Finance Committee.
McCarthy introduced an ordinance pro
viding for the establishment of a public
pound so as to include the whole city.
It was referred to the Police Committee.
Booth made a strong plea for the pass
age of his ordinance limiting the height
of fences to seven feet. He argued that
fences higher than seven feet were dan
gerous to life and limb. Brandensteln sal'l
the ordinance was not in legal form and
the regulation of dangerous fences was a
matter for the Board of Public Works.
Ti.e ordinance was indelinltely postponed.
The resolution rescinding the permit
granted to the Central Park Amusement
Company to alter a building on Market
street near Eighth was indefinitely post
poned on recommendation of the Judi
ciary Committee. Another resolution was
passed to print directing the Tax 'Collec
tor to issue a license for the Central
Theater. The resolution recites that It
was an existing theater when it was al
tered and as such is not subject to the
stringent provisions o! the nfw theater
ordinance. The committee reported that
the building complies reasonably with the
ordinance and is as safe if not safer than
some other theaters.
The amended ordinance granting tho
San Francisco and San - Joaquln Valley
Railway Company the right to operate a
railroad on Illinois street from Fourth
street to First avenue south was j passed
to print by the Board of Supervisors yes
terday. The amendment merely allows
the transfer of the franchise to the Atchl
son, 'Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Com
pany, which controls the entire system.
The ordinance will remain in abeyance
for ninety days under the charter, when
it will be taken up for final passage. Vice
President Payson of the Santa Fe road
called attention to the Interesting fact
that the original ordinance granting the
franchise was never legally adopted by
the board as it was finally passed a week
after It was passed' to- print, when final
action should not have been taken for
ninety days.
Supervisors Be fuss to Rescind Central
Theater Permit— Board of Works
Add in Spring Valley
• Investigation.
Amended Ordinance for Illi
nois Street Passed to
- '.: '- X UUlii
FRANCHISE MAY
BE TRANSFERRED
MURDERER HOFF SENTENCED
TO IMPRISONMENT FOR LIFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1900.
Market Street-— Driver Arrested.
WHEEL OF A TRUCK
CRUSHES HER HEAD
Miss Monica Higgins Meets Death on
HOFF, THE MURDERER OF MRS. CLUTE. DRAMATICALLY DECLARES,
AFTER SENTENCE HAS BEEN PASSED UPON HIM THAT HE IS IN
NOCENT AND HAS BEEN A VICTIM OF PERSECUTION.
THE UNFORTUNATE VICTIM OF THE ACCIDENT ON MARKET
STREET AND THE TEAMSTER WHO IS BELIEVED TO BE RESPON
SIBLE FOR HER DEATH.
rr% irf ISS MONICA J. HIGGINS. on
fl\\/\l 'elderly music teacher, was run
|Wll over and almost Instantly killed
A V iJL at the corner of Golden Gate
avenue and Market street yes
terday afternoon at 5:30 o'clock while on
her way home. The wheel of a truck
driven by J. M. Forrest passed over one
side of her head, crushing in the skull,
breaking the jaw and Inflicting other in
juries.
At tho time the accident occurred Mar
ket street was crowded with cable cars,
trucks and other vehicles. Police Officers
Cook and Roedecker were on the crossing,
but their view of the accident was cut off
by a passing cable car. Miss Higgins
either attempted to take a car or was on
her way across the street to go to her
room at 24 Sixth street, only half a block
away.
Forrest, who was badly intoxicated, was
driving his team at what he claims was a
fast walk. He say9 he did not see the
woman, and the first he knew of any ac
cident was when some one checked his
horses before the hind wheels had a
chance to further add to the injury of
the unfortunate woman. The spot where
the accident occurred was just about six
feet from the curb.
The injured woman was picked up by
bystanders and. carried into Zeh's drug
store at 1226 Market street. Dr. Wallace
F. Raeding was In the store at the time
and attended to the woman, but she died
within a few minutes after having been
brought In. The Coroner's office was no
tified and the body was removed to the
Morgue.
Officer Cook placed Forrest under arrest
and took him to the Southern police sta
tion, where Captain Splllane ordered his
name placed on the detinue book until it
H. E. Huntlngton, vice president of the
Southern Pacific, returned from the East
last evening. When Mr. Huntlngton went
to New York three weeks ago it was re
ported that his mission was to dispose of
the Huntington estate's Interest in th»s
Southern Pacific. This has since been de
nied, but Mr. Huntlngton declined to
make any statement on the subject last
night.
Huntingdon Back From the East.
The children had prepared a. splendid
programme for the occasion, and carried
It out In a most enjoyable manner. Sing
ing, recitations and fancy marching filled
In the time until the tree was stripped
of its treasures and the little ones were
bountifully supplied with toys and can
dles and all the good things that makes
Christmas the Joyful day It Is.
Mrs. -Pew. the president of the nursery.
-was present, as were also the ladles who
constitute the board of directors, and they
gave ample assistance to old Kris in tho
distribution of his gifts.
Santa Claus, resplendent In a brilliant
red coat, white furs and snowy whiskers,
held undisputed sway at the San Francis
co Xursery for Homeless Children yester
day afternoon. A splendid Christmas tree,
with its branches generously laden with
gifts for the little ones, shared the honors
with the old saint and brought Joy to the
seventy-five youngsters who are sheltered
in the home.
a Christinas Tree.
SANTA CLAUS VISITS NURSERY.
Splendid Exercises and Frolic Round
5Richard Le Gallienne is saidto have~recently regis
tered himself, at a Chicago hotel as of "London arid
Minneapolis," and ever since th<j Chicago people have
been wondering whether the thing was intended as
a cryptogram or a fool freak. "
"~ From the number of amendments that have been
proposed to, the constitution it would seem we have
a considerable number of. statesmen* who would will
ingly support a call for a constitutional convention to
revise the* whole thing and bring it up to date.,
the British throne Is- her eldest -. aon,
Prince Albert ¦ Edward, Prince, of Wales,
born in 1841. ;
TWENTY-CENT PIECES— J. M. T.,
City. The twenty-cent ' pieces for which
dealers offer a premium are those issued
inlS77 and In 1878. .The advance offered
over face value Is from SO cents to $1 30,
GOODS NOT ORDERED— E. S.. Ollnda,
Cal.' This department is not aware of the
existence of : any law that will compel a
person to pay for any goods sent to him
through. tha mail which he did not order,
directly ; or Indirectly.
:. ABOUT MEXICO— J. M. R. , Keno. Or.
To obtain' information as to what part
of Mexico is best in which to raise sheep
write to Andrew D.. Barlow, United States
Consul General, City of Mexico,- Mex.
THE HAY-PAU^CEFOTE TREATY-
G. A. B., City. The two main 'points of
the \Hay-Pauncefole treaty are O) the
abrogation of-those parts of the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty which prevent free Ameri-
BRITISH SUCCESSION-X. Y. Z., The
one; who will succeed Queen Victoria on
NEW YEAR CARD-F. M., City. If a
gentleman cannot call on a lady to wish
her a happy New Year, it Is proper to
send his ¦ card with best wishes.
ANSWEBS TO 00BRESP0NDENTS.
M'KINLEY'S PLURALITY— S., Ala-
meda, Cal. McKinley's ' plurality at the
last held; election was 812,725. r
BACK DATES— J. B., Oakland, Cal.
The 16th of June. 1893, fell on a Friday,
and the 3d of January, 1898, on a Monday.
If the allies could agTee among themselves to open
more doors to commerce in China and take trade ad
vantages as a great part of the indemnity, the way to a
settlement would be easy. But it is probable that they
distrust each other and fear that one or two, like
Great Britain and the United States, would in that
But China has no fixed money unit, and the value
of the tael differs in different parts of the empire.
Thus we have the tael of Amoy^ Canton, Chefoo,
Chinkiang, Fuchau, Haikwan, Hankow, Hongkong,
Niuchwang, Ningpo, 1 • Shanghai, Swatow and
Tientsin, differing slightly in value. This difference
runs from a value per tael of .666 Shanghai, the low
est, to .742 Haikwan, measured in American- gol&
China being a silver country, the value of her.taels*
varies with the fluctuations in silver, when expressed
in our coin and standard. As the customs tael is tha:
of Haikwan, it is probable that in all Government
matters that will be used,' so' that when the indemnity
demanded is expressed in taels it will be the one that
is valued at seventy-four cents and two mills in our
money.
In discussing the amount of indemnity the news
dispatches get taels and dollars mixed in a confus
ing way. The tael is a Chinese weight. Its equiva
lent in avoirdupois of 1.333 ounces. Its transfer from
an expression of weight to be the name of a money
measure is just the same as the use of the pound in
English money, the Hvre in French, and similar deri
vations of the name of money units in other nations.
THE disposition to put upon China a burden she
cannot bear has reappeared among the Minis
ters representing the allies. American con
science and pride are satisfied by the moderate view3
of our Government- President McKinley takes the
highly just view that indemnity shall not overreach
China's power to respond. He has also given vitality
to the Peace Congress of The Hague by proposing
that the question of indemnity be submitted to the
court of arbitration provided by that body. This
would be productive of much good, for the world and
for China itself.* It would be, in a high sense, her ad
mission to the council of nations in a tribunal where
her equities will receive judicial attention, and it
would also save the self-respect of the people of the
Western powers, who fail to impress their individual
Governments with their own sense of justice. We
hope that some voice that expresses the world's con
scieiice will be lifted in Europe in support of the po
sition of the President of this republic.
CHINA'S BURDEN.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Vice President J. C. Stubbs. of the
Southern Pacific leaves to-day for New
Orleans, ¦ where he will meet President
Charles M. Hays and with Julius Krutt
schnitt will accompany Mr. Hays to this
city. They are expected to arrive hera
the first of next month.
Ngo Boon Slew, a prominent Formosan
and delegate at large from that country
to the Paris Exposition, is at the Occi
dental. He sails for home Saturday.
E. O. McCormick, passenger traffic man
ager of the Southern Pacific, went to San
ta Y sabel yesterday with his family and
they will spend Christmas there.
Dr. B. F. Sandow of the Island of Kauai
Is on a pleasure* tour of the United States
and Is stopping at the Occidental.
G. Pacheco of Ignaclo, with his wife,
has taken ' apartments at the Grand for
the Christmas holiday?.. .
" James R. Dunn, Chief of the Chinese
Bureau, returned from Washington yes
terday evening.
J. C. Sims of Santa Rosa, chairman of
the State Central Committee, Is at the
Lick.
William W. Virtue of Sydney is at the
Palace.
David Reid of London is registered at
the Palace.
A. G. Vercoe, a Fresno mining man, Is
at the Palace.
Dr. J. W. Bell and wife of Minneapolis
are at the Occidental. i
A. C. Kamp, a London newspaper man,
It at the Palace with his wife.
Eugene Cowles, the actor, accompanied
by his wife, is at the Palace.
Daniel Murphy, a capitalist of Los An
geles, Is at the Palace with his wife.
A. P. Dryden, mail agent of New Zea
land, is registered at the California.
CONTORTIONIST-E. W. M.. City If
you are ambitious to become a contortion
1st you should apply to. the Instructor of
one of the private gymnastic teachers
who have schools where girls are taught
that .i». provided you are^noltoo t™*n6
yancedIn. years To become a contortion
ist a child should commence :u the ago of
? •ana continue in practice until .le?Ui or
diHWHfledVlth the biwlneas: i On-vhoha?
attained the age of 14 or 16 is not supple
though to start in to learn. *>uppie
BULWER-CLAYTON TREATY-G A
B., City. The Clayion-Bulwer treaty 'was
a treaty concluded between Great Britain
and the United States in 1850. The nego
tiators were Secretary of State John u
Clayton and Sir Henr>- Bulww. it relkt^Ii
to the establishment of communication
between the Atlantic and the Padflc
oceans by means of a ship canal across
the isthmus of Nicaragua. It forbade the
efthef l plrt C y Dtr _ ° f comrnu^ati O n by
A DIME— Subscriber. Edenvale, Cal If
the dime you have was coined in 1S94 In
any of the mints outside of the San Fran
cisco Branch Mint it is worth exactly ten
cents; if coined in the San Francisco Mint
it commands a premium. The San Fran>
Cisco dimes have the letter S under the
wreath on the reverse side. -. e
PERCENTAGE-T. J. T.. City. The
question asked is one of simple arithmetic
n i ot of e en fr?l Interest and one of the
class that thi3 department does not an
swer. This department does not under
take to solve problems nor answer ques
tions in arithmetic. u
STARS OX THE FLAG— J. B. Oakland
Cal. It was by the act of April 4, 1818*
that the number of stripes on the United
States nag was limited to thirteen the
number of stare Increasing with the num
ber of States, which now number forty-
HOME RULE BILL— H. M.,' City. The
Irish home rule bill, known as the Glad
stone bill, was defeated in the House of
Lords September 9, 1893. William E. Glad-
Btone was in the office of Prime Minister
from August 18. 1892. to March 3. 1S94.
COPTRIGHT-B. T. L.. San Jose. Cal
If you will write to the Librarian of Con
gress at Washington. D. C, he will mall
you a circular of information relative to
copyright that will answer every question
asked in your letter of inquiry.
PEDRO— W. C. H., Fresno, Cal. In the
game of draw I pedro the count Is high,
low, jack, pedr'o, and If on the last deal
each player made the requisite number of
points to go out and one. held high and
low, he would count out.
SOLDIERS' LAND CLAIMS— F. TV. T.,
City.- For Information relative to soldier's
land claim, of long ago communicate with
the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, Interior Department building,
Washington, D. C.
WHEN IT OUTLAWED-J. K., Probe
ta, Cal. If a" note was given June 8, 1S96.
payable one day after date, it outlawed
in four years if It was executed in the
State; in two years If executed outside of
the State.
A NOTE-o. S., City. In the State of
California a promissory note runs four
years after maturity If executed within
the State; two years if executed outside
of the State. *
BARRY AND LEON— D. B., City. The
published record of Jimmy Barry does not
show that he fought Casper Leon in San
Francisco.
NOT PREMIUM COINS-H. L. L., City.
Dimes of 1845 and of 1873 are coins for
which dealers do not offer premium.
can ownership and control of the proposed
Nicaragua canal, and (2) the agreement
to maintain the neutrality of the canal in
peace and war equally among all nations.
It is to be regretted that the present session of Con
gress is too short to take up this subject and discuss
it in all its amplitude. As it is the bill will in all
probability never be so much as introduced and re
ferred to a committee. Even as it is, however, the
originator of the plan will not have his labor in vain.
He has at least obtained a hearing from the press, and
the country has obtained information of his scheme.
It'can hardly.be deemed an issue of practical politics,
but as a forerunner 6f a Populist programme for the
coming century it is worth noting with some interest.
In the first place, at what shade of color are we to
draw the line between the white and the black races?
Is the mulatto, .for example, to be supplied with the
receivable or the redeemable money? In the second
place, how arc we to distinguish between what money
is receivable and what # is redeemable? If the redeem
able money is not to, be received or the receivable
money not to be redeemed, how are we .to maintain
a parity between the finances of the races in the
United States of the Earth? r
It is a twentieth century programme in the fullest
sense of the word. It would take the whole century
to establish it and get it in working order. The is
sue of the money alone would require time and pa
tience, for it appears from reports that come to us
that the proponent of the plan suggests two kinds of
money. He says: "Receivable currency is a white
race idea, while redeemable currency is a black race
idea!" Consequently we must have those two kinds
provided for, and upon deep reflection it will be seen
the task of supplying them will be a difficult one.
The name of this so-called crank is not given. That
fact, while-it may be rn injustice to the individual, is
not to be regretted, since it leaves the country free to
consider his scheme on its merits. It would be, a
public injury to have this far-reaching programme
mixed up with any personality, whether great or
petty. It is big enough to stand alone if it can be
made to stand at all, and when its lofty height is up
lifted any individual perched upon its summit would
be invisible, or, if seen at all, would appear but as a
speck marring the splendor of its crest.
1 — ; ROM Washington dispatches wejearn that a
¦ (jertain man described as a crank has been trying
to find a Congressman to introduce into the
House a bill providing first that the name of the re
public shall be changed from the United States of
America to the United States of the Earth, and, sec
ond, that the Government shall at once proceed to is
sue an amount of money sufficient to meet the needs
of all the people of the world. '
A BIG PROGRAMME.
A CHANCE TO SMILE
Mr. Hubb — Xonsense! I do not see why
I should take any notice of the epithet he
applied to me. It meant nothing.
. Mr. Penn— What! Why, the man called
you a blithering Idiot.
Mr. Hubt) — Exactly ; and there is no such
word in the Engliah language as blither
ing.—Philadelphia Press.
Sportsman (to Smith, who hasn't
brought down a single bird all day) — Do
you know Lord Peckham? Smith — Oh,
dear, yes; I've often shot at his bouse.
Sportsman— Ever hit it?— Fun.
"Daughter, what Is that wild and rol
licking tune I hear you playing all the
time? w
"Why, pa; don't you know! That Is th»
*Qou vadls" two-step."— Indianapolis
Journal.
"Did you have any trouble with foreign
languages on the other side?"
"We got along all right with French and
German, but we couldn't understand the
English."- Chicago Record.
"In business there's no
For on© who drinks," he said.
"You're wrong," said Wlnka, "th& man
who drinks
Is sure to get ahead."
—Philadelphia Press.
"What Is the difference between ral3ins
and reasons?" asked th& Funny Fool
Boarder.
"A woman can appreciate ralsina," said
the Savage Bachelor.— Indianapolis Press.
""What Is your opinion of Blnkina?"
"I'm not prepared to express any opin
ion. I can't make up my mind whether
he Is a plain prevaricator or art accom
plished diplomat." — Washington Star.
"Very changeable man, Isn't he? I
wonder what his latest whim Is." "Well
— a — I guess I am. We're engaged." —
Brooklyn Life.
"Mamma," said Johnny. "I don't be
lieve this Is a health food." "Why nnt.
son?" "It tastes good." — Chicago Trib
une.
Mrs. Neurych (bidding goodby to her
guests after her first reception)— "I'm so
sorry that tho rain kept all our best
people away!"— Tit-Bits.
Choice candies, Townsend's.Palac© Hotel.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend'a*
Thousands of pounds of California glaco
fruits all ready for shipping. Townsend's.*
Townsend's famous broken and plain
mixed candy, 2 lbs 23c. 639 Market street.*
Time- to express Townsend's California
glace fruits to your Eastern friends. *
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound, In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nlc* present for Eastern friend3.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). olO Mont
gomery at Telephone Main 1042. •
Poland Is the only conquered nation !n
this century prior to the present events
In South ¦ Africa whose conquerors have
offered 'no terms but annihilation to the
vanquished.
The California Limited
On the Santa F» starts for Chicago Tuesday
moraine. January 1st. at nine o'clock, ana
will leave daily thereafter at same hour. It
will be a duplicate of the Limited of last iea- ¦
ton except that entlrply new equipment has
b»en provided. The Pullman Sleepers each
contain ten section* and two drawing room*.
The. Observation Car. with Its wide plate glass
windows, affords unobstructed viewa of the „
surrounding country. All meals en route ura
served in new Dlnlnff Cars, unrter the man
agement of Mr. Fred Harvey. This sumptuous
train runs from San Francisco to Chicago in
73 hours. Get a handsome Folder, deacriblnj •
rt\fuHy. at Santa F* Office. «« Market street.
The best liver medicine. A v*» etabU eur« for
liver ills, biliousness, indigestion. conaUsatioa.*
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
Why cannot these principles be also impressed upon
the policy of Governments, not as dogmas, .not in a
theological or sectarian sense, but in the spirit of
doing right because it is right? If this were done the
Christian nations would be no longer open to re
proach. They would no longer guard against each
ether with great armies. They would no longer com
bine to offer to the wrong and weak terms too hard
to bear. Equity would be the rule, national and inter
national, as it is largely the rule of individual life,
and the people would no longer be better and more
Christian than their Governments, but Governments
would be as good as the people.
Among all systems of religion, morality and ethics,
Christianity stands supremely at the head. In its
text, and letter, and spirit, none is superior to it.
Made the rule of personal and national life, it is ca
pable of producing millennial results. In human so
ciety we -see here and there its benign influence upon
man. Faith, hope and charity go hand in hand
among the miseries of the world to soothe and com
fcrt. The lowly are uplifted, the distressed find com
fort, and wherever brotherhood is made the rule of
conduct life is brighter and better worth living.
The reason why there is such a distance between
Christian faith and the practice of the Christian na
tions must be that their Governments represent the
materialities, the vigorous ambitions, the dynamic
energy, and not the heart and conscience of the
people.
It may well be among the meditations of the sea
son that it is due entirely to the Christian nations that
the twentieth century of the Christian era dawns lurid
with war. If the}' had no armies in the field ther:
¦would be peace on earth and good will toward men.
The ancient Egyptians had literature, and libraries
which they reverently called "the dispensaries of the
fcoul." In all the changes and eruptions through
all the dynasties there is no evidence that' books and
libraries were destroyed there. The heathen world
restrained itself in that respect. It was an accident that
destroyed part of the Alexandrian library when Caesar
burned the ships of Antony. The torch was put to the
fleet with no thought of the conflagration spreading
and touching the books. That great collection w4s
left to fall a prey to the Christian zeal of Theodosius.
.If this act have been repeated at Peking, the people
of the nations whose armies and officers are respon
sible should make their protest heard and their hand
felt in punishment of :he atrocity.
But there has entered the world an idea of bi^
brotherhood that gives the strong power to dominate
the fate of the weak, which is at war with the prin
ciple of Christian equality. There are evidences that
the Christian nations, as nations, are as far away
from Christianity as ere the so-called heathen. Re-
Cent and current events in China stand out as wit
r.csses. By the latest information it appears that the
allies have destroyed in. Peking the vast and ancient
libraries, with their collections, that date farther back
than Greece or Rome. It is difficult to associate the
tweet and placid sentiment of Christmas with such an
outrage.
COMPLIMENTS OF THE SEASON.
7- HE holiday season begins to-daj' with Christ
mas, the great Christian anniversary.
The day itself is associated with the develop*
mem of the modern Western nations, but has its
counterpart in the faith and practice of the oriental
countries, in all of which civilization is impinged upon
tome form el the religious idea. In our Christian
pride and zeal we go forth on missions of conversion
to other people, while there are grave doubts whether
we are realiy Christians ourselves. The central idea
of our religion is the brotherhood of man, not of
white, black, red and yellow men, with their own kind
tnd color, but of all men with each, and each with
No news has yet come from Monongrah of an outbreak on th© pa-rt'of the
women, but the calm that prevails is suspicious. Perhaps . they, too, are or
genizingr an association to make home happy. There is nothing in the com
mon law that limits a wife to a stick not bigger than her thumb when she
corrects her husband. Therefore, when the men of Monongah actually begin
operations it is not unlikely they may find themselves confronted by deter
mined women armed with pokers, broomsaicks or shovels, equally as resolute
as the men to make home happy. The chances are that the masculine home
makers will be routed at the first onslaught and that they will be contented
with tho old style of happiness at home and have no further desire to try
conclusions with their wives. . ¦. *•" -V :¦¦¦¦¦
The Society of Homemakers has employed en attorney to advise the mem
b?rs how far they can go In makln? home happy. He has consulted Black
stone, and finds that under the ancient common law of England a man may
beat his wife, but must use a »tick,no bigger than his thumb. Acting: upon
his report, the husbands have provided themselves with sticks of the regu
laMpn size, and now propose to have peace even If they have to resort to
force to secure It. £ > ,.'-'
A dispatch printed In the Balltmore Sun gives the details of the organiza
tion of an Interesting secret society at Monongrah. W. Va., known as the
Homemakers. The object of the society Is to make home happy. Its motto
I* the old Spanish proverb:
A woman, a spaniel, and a walmit tree;
The more you thrash them the better they be.
TVMch Indirectly explains the method cf the society In making homes happy.
From the circumstances leading; up to the organization of this society of
frr emtm It would appear that .the women of Monongah ere a brawling:, con
tentious let, who, not satisfied with quarreling with each other and keeping:
the whole town In a turmoil, nave lately developed a spirit of mutiny at h6m < ».
have defied their husbands and broken the peace of the household In many
Instances. The men of Jlonongah have borne this condition of things with
exemplary patience, and when they were smitten on one cheek have turned
the other in vain expectation of pacifying their spouses. Now they propose
to do some of the s-mltlncr themselves.
NEW PLAN TO MAKE HOME HAPPY.
TUESDAY DECEMBER 25,' 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
kltnn All Ccttmtsiettieai tvW. 8. LEASE, Mtx&ger.
JHAXAGi:n'!> OI'KICE Telephone Prem 204
FCBLICATIOX OFFICE. . .Market and Tbtrd, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL, ROOMS 21T to 221 Stevenson St.
Telepbone Press 2O2.
Dellrered by Carriers, 15 Centn Per Weelc
Stnffle Copies, 5 Cent*.
Terms »>y Mall, Including? Pottaget
PAILT CALI* (Including Sunday), one year $6.M
DAH.T CALL, (Including Funday). 6 months 3.00
DAILT CALX. (Including Sunday). S month* 1.60
DAILY CALL— By Bing'.e Month .. «6c
6l*NDAY CALL, One Tear /. 1.60
WEEKX.T CALL, One Tear 1.00
AH postmasters are authorized to receive
ftubsrription*.
Sample copies Trill be forwarded when requested.
MaJl Eabprrlhrn 1 In ordering change cf ad<5r«=s should tw
particular to give l«oth NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to injure a rrc-mpt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Droadway
. ¦;•- ¦_;,
C. GEORGE ICROG.VE55.
ririprr Foreign A£rertisiag. Karosett* Boil41ng, Chie&g*.
tLorx Distance Telephone "Central M«.") • •"
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAIILTOS Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENT ATIVE:
t -7 KIM! I A n. SMITH 3O Tribune lIullrilnR
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Walflorf-AFtoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Murrey ll'.'A Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fre:r.oi:t House; Auditorium Hotel.
VTASBTKGTOK <D. C.» OFFICE 14O« G St., 7f. \V.
.MOKTOS B. CHA\E, Correspondent.
BRA\CII OFFICES — T27 Montgomery, ccraer of Clay, open
until S:3!> o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until S:30 o'clock. „ 6S3
McAllister, opra until S:S6 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
{•::? o'clock. Iftl Miysl^n. open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
ccreer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1C96 Valencia, open
ur.fll S o'clock. IC6 Eleventh, .open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
r.T Twenty -second und Kpntacky. open until 9 o'clock.
Such are the latest authentic reports from the scene
where wireless telegraphy is rapidly being perfected
for human use. It is too late now for the nineteenth
century to have the distinction of making extensive
use of the wonderful means of communication, but it
will nevertheless have the right to claim it among the
many marvels of science and mechanism it transmits
tc the centuries that are to come.
The report goes on to say: "Another important
development of the system is the ability to communi
cate over a distance of more than thirty miles by
means of a metal cylinder placed upon an ordinary
chair. This will be of immense advantage in military
operations, for it means that the whole apparatus for
the secret transmission of messages can be conveyed
upon a cart from one point of the field of war to an
other. One great commercial advantage will be that
the great ocean liners, except those that cross the At
lantic will be able to communjeate, at almost any
point of their voyage, with every part of the world.
These latest reports from Marconi himself also an
nounce that the longest distance over which he has
yet succeeded in transmitting messages across water
is ioo miles. That is sufficient to prove beyond all
controversy that the curvature of the earth opposes
absolutely no obstacle to the energy. Of wireless
telegraphy across the Atlantic he is quoted as saying:
"It is merely a possibility of the future. I am not in
the least concerned with that particular problem at
present."
In explanation of his system he is reported to have
stated recently to a representative of the Chronicle:
"Hitherto the ether waves used for wireless tele
graphic messages have been sent in a promiscuous
fashion — that is to say, they could be detected by any
suitable receiver placed anywh'ere within the radius of
action of the transmitting station. • Moreover, if two
stations in proximity happened to send off simul
taneous messages, the receiving station within their
radius would receive both messages, but they would
be jumbled together, and consequently would be un
intelligible. The receiving instruments in my new
system will respond. only to those ether waves to
which they are 'tuned.' The pSssible combinations
of 'tunes' are infinite, and no two instruments, there
fore, can communicate with each other unless they
have first been expressly arranged for such communi
cations. So perfect is the new system that two mes-
S3ges sent off from different stations can be picked
up by one wife, and that one wire, passing through
two receiving instruments, gives to each its proper
message, separate and distinct, and without taking the
other message. In this way it will be possible for
an admiral to communicate at will either with the
whole of his fleet simultaneously or with any particu
lar vessel, and he can do this even if his own fleet
should be split into two squadrons, with a hostile
fleet intervening, and without his signals being under
stood by the enemy."
SWIFTLY through the closing days of the cen
tury Signor Marconi is urging on the work of
perfecting his system of wireless .telegraphy.
His , experiments are being made at Poole Harbor,
England, and are being closely watched and reported
by the London Chronicle. As The Call has hereto
fore announced, his work at present is directed mainly
to completing his method of sending messages which
cannot be read by any receiver except that for
which they are intended, and it appears a high de
gree of success has attended his efforts.
WIRELESS WONDERS.
While corporate control is far from ideal
and requires radical reformation It is
guided by the knowledge that if It does
not keep up with the times It will register
a dismal failure. That Is why the canals
of this country have stood still or fallen
into decay for fifty years, while the rail
roads have developed many times their
original capacity and effectiveness*. If
there had been half the effort to Improve
the original canals in size and adaptation,
to the growing needs of transportation,
that there has been In the case of the
railroads the waterways of the country
would be as they are in France, one of
the chief factors of heavy transportation.
There has been no ouch effort because the
canals were under political control and
the railroads under private control.—
PITTSBURG DISPATCH.
We have no doubt whatever about th»
real facts. President McKlnley will lead
the party to a "golden era," but it will
be one in which the profit shall come from
an amplification of existing prosperity.
Further victories in the contests for the
world's markets, more industries In order
to supply the demand, additional re
sources and opportunities consequent upon
the development of our insular posses
sions—these are the things that will con
tribute toward the realization of "the
golden era." And who shall say they are
not legitimate and within the provlr.ee of
the oarty to give to the country? The Rp
pubfican party has no reputation for lax
ity. Inefficiency and dishonesty In th»
handling of the nation's finances.—BAL
TIMORE AMERICAN.
Science in Meteorology.
TBere will go on ¦being warm winters
North and cold winters South, but at the
end of a series of years the average will
remain about what it was in early days.
The science of meteorology does not con
cern itself much about this. Its aims are
more practical, and its collection of data
for induction is for use in dally forecast
ing. Days are not so constant as years,
and years are not so constant as cycles,
and the percentage of correct prediction
by "Old Prob." is not yet what It may
be. Cloud-study and the Investigation of
the upper air by kites and balloons pro
vide the most hope for future success: but
meanwhile, whatever the weather for the
day or month, we may rest assured that
its preponderance one way or another will
surely be made up.— DALLAS NEWS.
Political vs. Private Control.
The extension of commerce has been
made by the improvement of the m«?ana of
transportation. The shipping of the world
has ir creased fifteen fold since the begin
ning of the century. Railroads, unknown
a hundred years ago. now cover 442A*)
miles; telegraphs, another modern inven
tion embrace 933,000 miles, and submarine
cables 16S.00O miles. Upon this wonderful
commercial basis the world is about to
begin a new century. It i3 no surprise to
find the American people earnestly inter
ested in ship canals and the deepening of
the Mississippi, the great inland artery
cf North America. Commerce has been
placed where it is by the greatly bettered
facilities for intercommunication.— ST.
LOUIS GLOBE-DEMOCRAT.
The Golden Era.
Tennessee needs a new constitution, and
it Is to be hoped that before many months
have lengthened into years it will have
it. In that constitution there should b<*
a provision modeled after The Mississippi
provision, which has been tested by thn
highest tribunal in the land and declared
sound, that the ignorant shall not exer
cise the right ot suffrage. Ami thi? step
is one every Southern State that means
to maintain its sclf-iespect and keep Its
face to the rising sun of progress must
take.-NASHVILLE AMERICAN.
Commerce and Transportation.
Fix It for Good.
Let the gold standard law be mad*
what it was intended to be — a statute
placing the standard upon such firm foun
dations that it cannot be shaken by po
litical revolution or business depression,
and making the pollcv of the United
States so clear that New York may be
come the clearing house of the world in
tho expansion of cur international trade.
Why should we be content with anything
less? And what good reason is there for
waiting?— HARTFORD COURANT.
The Mississippi Plan.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
The Call expects that hereafter its purpose will be
understood, and therefore hopes that it will have less
occasion to make others feel the high estimate 'which
if puts upon duty.
We believe sincerely that crime and immorality
among the lowly and weak of will have their origin to
s. great extent in the unpunished offenses of another
class who owe to the world a good example, but give
a bad example instead. There is no use for the so
cial missionary to go among the ignoble to restrain
and admonish them when they know that the sphere
whence the mission issues is defiled by the practices
which in them are rebuked.
There is no further immunity here for the high
placed and powerful transgressor, who by reason of
his station is more harmful than a thousand humbler
iren who, led by his example, may follow it into
trouble and punishment, while he goes free.
Let it be understood that we profess no zeal to
seek out, detect and expose transgressions in the fu
ture. But when the transgressor exposes himself
by offenses against public decency, he may know
what will happen to him by reading the history of
what has happened.
The hideous vices that have offended by ~ their
gaudy public display, that have smitten innocence,
betrayed trust, broken vows, destroyed confidence and
undermined the most sacred relations, and have
breathed a fetid pestilence where they pranced and
practiced their arts, have been compelled to seek the*
dens of darkness, where they belong. The proper use
of the power of publicity by the press has banished
them.
We expected to be misunderstood by some, and
therefore criticized. We expected also to be under-
Stood by the class of men we desired to reform by
exposure or to drive their practices into a less hurt
ful obscurity, and therefore to be abused. In neither
case were we disappointed. But we have now the
satisfaction of knowing that those who misunderstood
us offer their compliments to swell the general as
cription of right motive -and good purpose which
comes from all quarters. And we have also the satis
faction of knowing that those who understood and
therefore defamed us have received a'.warning that
the/ take to heart.
We dealt solely with the offensive public and per
'sistent flaunting of gross immorality, under circum
stances that would inflict ultimate harm 'of the most
In this we did not, and do not, assume the function
of a censor morum, nor seek to penetrate any proper
privacy to drag its peccadilloes into the light of pub
licity.
Profoundly impressed by a grave sense of duty, The
Call has twice risked greatly in the cause of morality
by exposing those who had every facility for attack
and defense. In each case there was no malice, no
element of personal feeling, nor other sentimenj than
regret that duty to the community required the pur
suit of those whose station and opportunities in life
should have lifted them above practices so vicious
that their continuance meant the inoculation of so
ciety with a social leprosy, the most appalling that can
defile the world.
We have never believed society to be in danger
from the transgressions of those whose station in life
renders them defenseless when exposed. The law
runs quickly to punishment of those whose responsi
bility for social purity is limited by humble or crim
inal surroundings. The press requires no c6urage to
expose them. Steam beer immorality does far less
harm, directly or by example, than the champagne in
decency which so often runs and riots, ruins and be
trays, unscorched by exposure.
The great power of the press is its command' of
publicity. Against that the word of mouth is power
less. If the press make licentious use of publicity it
can easily become a pest. Therefore The Call has in
good conscience eschewed license. It has preferred
to be tolerant of some wrongs rather than be the
agent of greater wrongs. But there are some duties
that no paper should avoid. It owes something to
public morality and to a vestal condition of society,
and in discharge of this obligation it must know no
friend and no enemy. It must be void of any motive
except the protection of the honor of the innocent,
and that purity which is the happiness of the life that
is and of that hoped for. *
THE POWER OF THE PRESS.
UNDER its existing management The Call has
taken a very sober view of the responsibility of
a newspaper.
case reap the . greatest advantage. If ¦ this country,
Great Britain and Germany, however, would stand to
gether, they being the greatest commercial nations,
they could force that policy upon the others.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY;* DECEMBER 25, 1900.
THE LORD LOVETH
A CHEERFUL GIVER
'THERE'S A BEGGAR AT THE DOOR; SHALL. I GIVE HIM ANT
THING?" - --'
'GIVE HIM OUR BATH TICKETS THAT ARE LEFT OVER; ITS TOO
COLD NOW, ANYWAY."- FLIEGENDE BLATTER.
A Boston paper apologizes for the fact that the peo
ple of that city take more interest in college football
matches than in college debates by saying that as the
student intellect is immature the debates are not up
to the Boston level, while the football is. That may
not be a very good excuse, but anything goes at this
season.
¦ ¦ * ¦•..-¦ — — — *-; ¦'¦'•¦ r, .;-¦:;; \
¦"_. Bryan is going to start a weekly paper, and it is now
reported that Pettigrcw will establish another, so the
new century.will have troubles of its own. " ¦ •*
6
AUCTION SALES.
By. VTnx. G. Layng— Saturday. December 29, at 12 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Aleszar— "Xaug'hty Anthony."
<~li1iiinlil« riliimw end r>ockstader Minstrels.
71 vo! i - • 'Cmd <tt lla." '
Central Theater— "Thp Heart of Maryland."
California— "At the White Hcrse Tavern."
Ori^h<»um — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera -hous* — "An Officer of the Second."
OlrmpU. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
• V«!ir.£.
FT ! .,-'-.»r'f-V8i;3pv!;if.THE BIG SCHOONER BARGE WASHOUGAL HAD A HARD TIME OF IT IN LAST WEEK'S GALE. SHE WAS IN
TOW OF THE TUG SAMPSON, WHICH BROKE DOWN. BEING PICKED UP LATER BY THE STEAMER
POINT ARENA.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 25.
TO ARRIVE.
D. B. Rodgers, a young man who stole
a horse and buggy from C. J. Clemmons
of the Club stables, Taylor street, pleaded
guilty to a charge of grand larcenv before
Judge Cook yesterday. The Judge ien
tenced him to four years in Folsoza peni
tentiary.
Sent to Folsom.
. The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or -at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. '^BOaBjsWflH
C. O. CALKIX3,
Lieutenant Commander, U. 8.' N., In coarse.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Of flee, U. S. N., Mer
chants' * Exchange, . San Francisco, Cal.,
December 24, 1900.
Holtt's School
For Boys at Menlo Park has just closed
Its most successful term. Twentieth half
year begins January 7, 190L •
NOTE}— In th« above exposition of tta» tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and tha successive tides of tbe
day In tha order of occurrence as to time of
day. the third . time column gives the last
tide of the - day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United . State* Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given Is subtracted from the
depth given by the charts. Tbe plane of refer
enc* Is the mean of the lower low waters.
. — •— \
Sub, Moon and Tide.\
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
- Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at - Fort ¦ Point, - entrance . to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority, of : the Superintendent. - ¦
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at tho
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty-
Hind, Rolph & Co.'s new steel barken
tlr»fi Hawaii has arrived at Newcastle, N.
S. TV. She will load- there for Honolulu
and will then probably bring a load ; of
bugar "to .San Francisco. This firm has
had built on the Pacific Coast at leapt a
dozen high class vessete during the-past
year and the bulldinsr of the Hawaii ¦" In
While Mr.'- Foster was finding out about
the valise he kept the Tiburon steamer
waiting three minutes, and. -when the
crowd aboard heard the joke the drinks
•were on the president of the road.
"No one has left that behind," answered
Megrane. "That's a decoy package, and
a policeman has been watching you and
It for five minutes." -
Water Front Notes.
A- TV. Foster, superintendent of the Cal
ifornia Northwestern Railroad, was nearly
caught in his own trap Monday night. ; A
thief has been stealing valises from the
Tiburon and Sausalito ferry waiting 1
rooms for a week past. "Decoy" valises
were placed in both welting rooms, and a
fair ycung damsel from San Quentln took
one of them and was arrested. -Mr. Fos
ter started to take the other, but changed
his mind, and called out to Ticket Agent
Megrave: "Take care of this valise, Mac.
Some cne has left It behind him." N
SYDNEY. N. S. W., Dec -24.— The
steamer Marlposa, which sailed from this
port for San Francisco to-day, has 200,000
sovereigns on board. .
Gold From Australia.
Thomas O'Connor, an employe of the
Santa Fe freight yard, and Robert Cas
fidy, a teamster, had a row on the water
front yesterday. Cassidy was struck on
the head with an iron bar and is now In
the Harbor Hospital suffering from con
cusston of the brain, while O'Connor Is
locked up In the Harbor police station,
charged with "assault with a deadly
weapon."
Cassidy, who lives at 18 Perry street,
drove ltito the Santa Fe yards at the foot
of Main street yesterday afternoon with a
four-horse team. While rounding a cor
ner he knocked over a wheelbarrow. That
angered O'Connor and ho called Cassidy
names. The latter got down from his seat
on the wagon and squared off at O'Connor
and was struck on the head with a bar
of Iron which O'Connor had picked up.
Policeman Bean placed O'Connor under
arrest, and then a friend of Cassldy's ran
in and struck O'Connor. He got away In
the general melee that followed and the
police are now looking for him.
Dr. Dorr thinks that Cass!dy will re
cover, but considers his case critical.
May Be a Case of Murder.
Joseph Zelicich. one of. the steerage pas
sengers on the mail boat Alameda; came
very near to being sent back to Australia.
He is a Polish Jew, and when passed by
the quarantine officer thought everything
was O K. Then he ran up against the
immigration officer, and that gentleman
at once asked how much money he had.
Zelicich thought It was a case of hold-up
and produced a six penny piece. That
sum, he swore, was all he had in the
¦world. He also assorted that he had no
relatives in this country and came here
solely to make a living.
"You can't land," said Inspector de la
Torre. "You must go back to Australia
because you are a pauper, and paupers
cannot land In the United States."
As they were taking Zelicich away he
broke down and said he had plenty of
money. Taken back before the immigra
tion officer he disrobed, and plastered
around his body was £400 in £5 Bank of
England notes. He was allowed to land.
MISTAKE OF AN" IMMIGRANT.
Judge Hunt has reached the conclusion
that some of his instructions to the jury
were contrary to law, and hence has
granted a new trial. His decision that the
defendants were entitled to show to the
jury that the plaintiffs owned a $300,000
estate he holds was not error, but on
other points granted a new trial. «• *»
The children sued for $100,000 damages,
and joined Captain Thomas Wallace of
the City of Chester as a defendant, but
after' a lengthy hearing a Jury, on Feb
uary 11. 1S9<5, rendered a verdict in favor
of the defendants and against the plain
tiffs.
The old story of the sinking of the City
of Chester will be told over again to a
jury in Judge Hunt's court. An opinion
and order granting a new trial In the case
of Grace Isabella, Ida Louise and John C.
Hampton aeainst the Occidental and
Oriental Steamship Company w.as handed
down by Judge Hunt yesterday.
The plaintiffs are the children of Mr.
and Mrs. John C. ' Hampton, who met
their death In the collision between the
City of Chester and steamer Oceanic in
the Golden Gate on August 22. 1SS8.
DECISION RECALLS WRECK
OF THE* CITY OF CHESTER
Among those in the cabin was Captain
John S. Greene. He comes here to take
charge of the new Interisland Steamship
Company's Hanalei, now nearing comple
tion at Hay & Wright's yards nt Alameda
Point.
THK Oceanic Company's mail
steamship Alamcrta arrived from
Australasia late Sunday ulpht. She
was delayed nearly twelve hours
at Auckland. K. Z., got quick dis
patch fit Pago Papro. Samoa, was delayed
again eight hours at Honolulu and came
into port twelve hours ahead of time. 'Hie
AIa"T»e<la seems to improve with age. Her
present record is a splendid one, and the
run of five days twelve hours frojn Hono
lulu Is a performance that few of tho
liners can beat.
Those who oame up in the cabin on the
Alameda were;
From Sydney— Dr. A. Bennett and wife,
Montgomery Glbbs, David Reid. Isaac Ploris
helm, A. C. Camp and wHe. William H. Leon
ard, John Coates. John McCammon, Mark
Dyer, Willian Vertue.
From Auckland — Henry Spencer, Fred Hoh
neck.
From Honolulu— Miss Aiken. S. Keogh. J.
Brown and wife, John Lucas and wife and
two children. Mrs. A. Bixbee. B. T. Barlow
anrl wire. Miss Rae. John Buckley, Dr. B. P.
Eandow. C. Coerper. Miss Coerper, Judge
R. J. Tobin, A. Trueblood, V.Mlliam Dutton,
C. M. Dougherty and wKe, Miss Dutton, John
S. Greene, L. A. Dougherty, Miss N. Glynn,
J. W. Dougherty, E. \V. Hetsted.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 24, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS. *
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 24— Schr J
M Weatherwax, hence Dec -5; schr F B Red
field, from Port IiOS ; Angeles. •
Pass«*d inward Dee 24 — Schr Ethel Zane, from
San Pedro: sohr Challenger, -from San Pedro.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 15— Bktn Archer,
hence Nov 21; schr Okanogan, ' from : Port Lud
lowv ¦¦;.-¦•,'¦•--;; . ¦ -"¦.-. ¦¦-: . ¦ - ¦ * ¦¦-.-.
failed Dec IS— Stmr Aztec ' for Manila; echr
TELEGRAPHIC,
HONOLULU, Dec 17— In port, . bktn Amelia,
45 days from Tacoma. Is leaking badly as re
sult of heavy storms encountered on voyage.
Per stmr Wellington, : from Juneau Dec 15—
Reports reached here saying ' that if weather
held good for a couple of days the chances of
gettlnx the stmr City of .Topeka oft were very
favorable.
SEATTLE. Dec 24— Stmr Willamette reports
Dec* 22, i9:15 a m, lat .44 20 N. Ion 124 48 W.
passed a small vessel bottom side up. She had
white topsails and red bottom; about 60 tons
register.' . *¦.¦-:,-¦:.-¦>•.>:.--¦*--'. . - ...
MISCELLANEOUS.
SAILED.
-. Monday, December 24.
Stmr Columbia. - Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Brunswick Andreson, Eureka.
. Stmr Mlneola, Klrkwood. Xanalmo.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, Eureka.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Ger stmr Neko, Krause, Hamburg-, etc.
Br stmr Warfleld. Pattle, Chem&lnus.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Bowena Land
ing. ¦•• - • :-•• -y-'-^ .\'-i«s^mmaK(ttmSBSS^aa
Monday-, December 24.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria"; Oregon Rail
road & Nav Co.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
- Stmr Bonita, Nop&nder. San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Queen, Alexander, San Diego; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Ger stmr Neko, Kr&use, Hamburg, etc; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Br stmr Warfleld, .Pattle, Chemainus; R
Dunsmuir's Sons Co. . - ,¦
Br ship Hutton Hall, Thuber, Queenstown; L
Kauffman A Co.
Br ship Crocodile, Wilson, Liverpool; Bal
four,-Guthrie &. Co. ->;*-'-'-¦¦,
Br ship Corte-z," Hawken, Queenstown; Eppln
eer & Co. • • '
Schr G VT Watson. l*s«, Santa Rosalia; F
Santalller.
CLEARED.
• Monday. December 24.
Stmr Scctla, TValvly. 17 hours from Casnar.
Stmr South Portland, Wilson, 10 days 22 hours
from Portland, etc, via Eureka.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 14 hours from For:
Brass.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett. 40 hours' from
San Pedro.
Stmr Gipsy, Lel&nd, 30 hours from Moes
Landing, etc.
Br Btmr Victoria, Blakey, 5% days from Oys
ter Harbor.
Schr Newark. Beck, 20 hour* from Buwena
Landing.
Shipping Intelligence.
The schooner G. AV. Watson cleared yesterday
for Santa Rosalia with ¦ the following carg-o,
valued at $36,27D: 17,859 ft lumber. 1250 bbls
flour, 300 cs powder, 18 cs caps and fuse. 63 cs
hardware, 11 cs emery cloth, 13.420 lbs coffee,
107,931 lbs sugar, ]0 cs gasoline, 69 cs dry froods,
16 crs furniture, 12 bales oakum, 8400 lbs choco
late, 3239 lbs salt. 38 pisrs lead. 1627 bales hay,
174 bdls shovels. CS cs paint, 212 bbls lire clay,
10CO cs paste. 7 pkgs raisins. 15,121 lbs beans.
187 bdls pipe. 1920 cs oil, 30.000 lbs rice. 54 bdls
scoops, 7 cs tar, 10.0CO eals wine, 53,665 lbs corn,
100 03 salmon. ,
A Cargo for Mexico.
For Central America— S104 lbs tallow, 820-bdls
shooks, 300 bbls flour, 30 crs potatoes, 15 bxs
apples. 3 pkrs raisins. .
For Hamburg— 140 cs horse butts, 22 sks apri
cot kernels, 160 lbs millstuffs, 9 cs 98 grals wine.
lbs rice. 1960 cs salmon, 50 cs soap, 1188 lbs
millstuffs, 65 cs oil, 5000 railroad tie*, 220 chests
tea. 10 cs wine. 40,137 ctls wheat.
The Kosmos line steamer Neko sailed yester
day for Hamburg:, via Central and South
America, with a general carso valued at JS6.687,
manifested as follows: For Central America.
$1803; for South America. $83,966; far Hamburg,
$918. The cargo consisted of the following;
For South America— 1104 colls cordage, 26 es
almanacs. 310 cs canned goods. 47.913 lbs cod
fish. 5 cs drues. 60 bxs apples. CTr.it bbls flour.
Departure of the Neko.
In addition to cargo previously reported, the
Umatllla, : which sailed Saturday for Vlctoriar
carried the following, valued at $354: ,
1300 lbs black .pepper, 21 C rs vegetables, 70 bxs
oranges, 4 cs cocoanuts, 10 cs lemons, S bxs
sweet potatoes. k
The British ship Crocodiljs cleared yesterday
for Liverpool with a cargo valued at $370,S$2,
of which J120O was for *NataI and the balance
for Liverpool. The cargo consisted chiefly of
the followinj:
For Liverpool— 46.950 c» salmon. S1.184 « can
ned fruit, S cs canned meats. 18.006 ctls wheat,
500 gals wine. 44 cs pampas plumes, 3 cs honey,
5000 ft lumber dunnue.
For Xatal— 300 cs salmon, valued at $1200.
An Additional Manifest.
A Cargo for Liverpool.
The British ship Cortez cleared yesterday for
Queenstown for orders with 72.642 ctls. wheat,
valued at J72.C4O, and 21,000 feet lumber dun
nage, valued at $315; total value. 172.955.
The British ship Hutton Hall also cleared
yesterday for Cork with 71.150 ctlo. wheat, val
ued at 171 150. and 21.000 feet lumber dunnage,
valued at $315: total value. S71.465:
Notice is hereby given that Martin Island
Buoy No.. 0. a red first-class spar, was moved
December IS. 1900, and is now moored in 14
feet of water. Martin Island, lower end. E.
K N. Maxwell Point. 55SE. Deer Point, W'NW
% W. . .
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast. 1800. pa«e 57.
By order of th« Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAT,
Commander, U. S. X., Llphthouse Inspector.
— • ¦
Shipments of Wheat.
»
Notice to Mariners.
Columbia River, channel across Martin Island
bar: *
The A. B. Johnson loads lumber at Gray?
Harbor for Sydney. ?2s 6d; the Cavallere Clam
pa, wheat for Europe. 40s Sd. prior to arrival;
the Dora, wheat at Portland for Europe. 43s 9d.
prior to arrival; the I.ika. wheat at Portland
for Europe, <ls 3d, prior to arrival.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
England was only because Phe could not
be built hsre owing to tbe rush of busi
ness in the shipyards. Hind, Rolph & Co.
hope to secure an American registry for
the Hawaii, as they desire their entire
fleet to fly. the American fl.^er.
TO SAIL.
Steamer Movements.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 22-Stmr Penn
land. from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
SYDNEY'. NSW— Sailed Dec 24— Stmr Mari
poso. for San Francisco.
BOSTON— Arrived Dec 24— Stmr Ultonla, from
Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 24— Stmr Mlnnehaha,
for Liverpool.
Arrived Dec 24 — Stmr La Nonnandie. from
Havre.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
CAL.L.AO— Arrived Dec 24— Schr W H Smith,
from Whatcom.
NAGASAKI— Arrived Dec 23— Br etmr "Wye
fleld. from Manila.* for San Francisco.
Sailed Dec 5 — Br ship Queen Victoria, for
Portland. ¦
MELBOURNE— Arrived Nov 1&— Bark Hesper,
from Chemainus. " Nov 27— Bark Louisiana,
from Pu^et Sound.
PORT ADELAIDE— Arrived Nov 20— Bark
Big Bonanza, from Tacoma. Nov 28 — Ship Mar
ton Chllcott, from Chemainus.
PORT PIRIE— Arrived Nov 19— Ship Balclu
tha, from Port Blakeley. Nov 25— Br bark Bat
tle Abbey, from Port Gamble. Oct 16— Br ship
Lancing, from Port Elakeley. Nov 17— Schr Ma
nila, from Port Blakeley.
Marcbant. for San Francisco; Fr bark Dupliex,
for San Francisco; Br ship Dynomene, for Aca
pulco; Br ship Falls of Garry, for Honolulu;
Ncr bark Fantasi, for Honolulu; bark Haydn
Brown, for Honolulu: Br ship Hougomont, for
San Francisco; Br bark Inver^arry, for San
Francisco: ship James Drommond. for Hono
lulu: schr Muriel, for Honolulu; Br ship Port
Crawford, for San Francisco; bark Star of Ben-
Cftl. for Honolulu. . • '
Sailed Dec 24— Schr L. D Foster, for Honolulu.
Arrived Dec 23— Chll bktn Hawaii, from Glas-
EOW.
¦ Sailed Dec 14— Ship James Drummond. for
Honolulu.
v ~ QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 23— B*r shin
iPejerasus, h«»nce Aug: 17, with considerable deck
damage- ' *
¦ Sailed Dec 21— Br ship Port Elgin, for .
HAKODATE— Sailed Dec 1»-Ger bark Has
sla, for Portland.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Dec 22— Br etmr Gaelic,
for San Francisco.
MAZATLAN- Sailed Dec 22— Stmr Curacao.
SYDNET— In port Dec 1— Ship Emily Reed,
for Honolulu: schr Inca. for Honolulu; ship M
V Grace, for Honolulu; schr Olsra, for Hono
lulu; Nor bark Passepartout, for Honolulu;
bark Sonoma, for Honolulu; schr Transit, for
Honolulu.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— In port Dec 1— Ger bark
Baldur. for Panama: Fr bark Brenn. for San
Francisco: Nor bark C»ra. for Panama: bktn
FOREIGN PORTS,
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 24— Br snip Scottish
Isles, from Rio de Janeiro; Btmr Signal, hence
Dec 20: Br stmr Saint Bede, from. Mororan;
Ger ship Tarpenbek, from Guaymas; Br ship
Inchape Rock, from Shanghai. *.
Sailed Dec 24— Stmr Geo W Elder, for San
Kranclsco.
KAHUL.UI— Arrived Dec 3— Schr Mary Dodge,
from Tacoma. Dec 7— Schr Serena Thayer,
from Eureka.
, Sailed Dec 8— Brigr Lurllne. for San Fran
cisco: ship Columbia, for Fuget Sound.
Arrived Dec 2 — Br ship Antope. from Oyster
Harbor.
TACOMA— Arrived Dec 24-Schr Nokomis,
from San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Sailed Dec 23— Stmr Empire, fro
San Francisco; stmr Arcata, for San Frajicisco.
HIIX5 — Arrived Dec 7 — Brig Courtney Ford,
from Sltka. Dpc 10— U S stmr Adams, from San
Diego. Dec 1J-H B M stmr Icarus, hence
Dec 1.
IVERSENS' LANDING— Sailed Dec 23— Schr
Archie and Fontle, for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING- Sailed Dec 23— Schr J
Kppinger, for San Francisco.
AJoha, for San Francisco; schr Jessie Minor,
for Eureka.
MAHUKONA-Salled Dec 11-Sehr John G
North, for San Francisco. ' . ¦
CCWJU1L.L.B RIVER— Arrived Dec 22— Stmr
Mantialay, from Coos Bay.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 24— Stmr 'Willamette,
hence l>»c 20.
Sailed Dec 2J-Stmr Al-Kl. for Ska«uay; Btmr
Dlrign. for Skaguay.-
Pailed Dec 24— Stmr Coqullle River, for San
Francisco.
PORT AXGELE&— Arrived Dec 24— Br «hlp
Ben Lee. from Santa Rosalia.
JUNEAU— Arrived Dec S— stmr Tlllamook,
from Usal.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 24— Schr Free Trade,
hence Dec 17; stmr North Fork, hence Dec 23:
stmr Samoa, hence Dec 23; Btmr Pasadena,
from San Pedro.
Sailed Dec 54— Stmr larrna, for 8an Francisco;
*chr Emma Claudlna, for San Francisco; stmr
Eureka, for San Francisco; stmr San Pedro, for
A large and important class of errors
in English consists of blunders in the
choice of words, the speaker or writer
using a word in some sense that Is not
authorized by the usage of the best
speakers and writers. Sometimes the use
of a word In a local sense makes the
five- minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide is the same at both places.
BT PROP. H. O. BUEHLER.
Note.— Notify Brown by telegraph or letter
at once. Credit your cash with the amount of
check and protest fee (the amount which your
bank will charge to your account) and chartre
Brown. In some instances it is considered bet
ter to open a "protested paper" account, to
which all protested paper is charged pending
settlement.
* ,
X2X— HOW TO DISTINGUISH
WORDS THAT ARE OFTEN CON
FOTTNDBD. -
8. You receive a check from Brown In
payment of a bill and you deposit it with
other cash In your bank. A week later
your bank reports that Brown's check has
been protested for non-payment What
entries?
Note.— Tour bills receivable account is cred
ited with $1000, the face value of the note, and
your interest account is credited with J45, the
face amount of the interest due. Tour cash
account is charged with 11015, the actual cash
received, and the discount is charged with $30.
the amount of discount -' allowed. In some
books it might be considered best to enter $1000
and also $45 on the charge side in the cash
book and enter $30 on the credit aide. This
would simplify the posting.
Note.— Look until you find the mistake or take
the money out of your own pocket and put it
into the till. If you make* good a shortage
yourself the same rule should apply when the
cash Is over and the money should go Into your
own pocket. This would be a very unwise and
unsafe rule. You should neither make rood
losses nor apply overs to your own use. If you
cannot make your cash balance it is the busi
ness of your employer to remove you and put
some one more competent in your place. It Is
best, perhaps, in the case of an occasional error
which cannot be Immediately discovered to put
a slip in the cash drawer for a day or two.
You may think of something the following day
which will explain the mistake. If the error
cannot be explained open an account in your
ledger which you may call "overs and shorts."
Charge this account with "shorts" and credit It
with "overs," making the corresponding en
trie* in your cash book.
7. Tou hold a note of $1000 (upon which
interest $45 has accrued) made by Brown.
You sell it to a note broker for $1015. What
entries?
Xote. — Credit cash with the. face of the note
and the protest fee and charge both amounts to
Brown.
5. Received from Henry Brown cash $100
to apply on overdue note and a new sixty
day note for the balance, including the
protest fee and $7 50 added for interest on
the new note.
Note.— Beg^n by charring Brown with $7 60 in
terest and crediting the Interest and discount
account. Now credit Brown with $100 cash and
the full face value of the new note. Chargs
cash with $100 and bills receivable with the
amount of the note. The old note should be
returned to Brown.
6. At the end of the day you find your
cash drawer shows cash on hand $2 50 less
than the amount shown in the cash book.
How will you make your cash balance?
4. Henry Brown failed to pay his note
due to-day. Our bank had it protested
and notified us that th? amount was
charged to our account, Including protest
fee $1 60.
Note. — Charge Jones with the gross amount of
the sale and credit the merchandise (goods) ac
count. Credit Jones with both drafts: the first
draft you charge to cash and the second to bills
receivable.
3. John Anderson drew on us at sight
for $1000 and at twenty days' sight for
$1450. Accepted both drafts, making
them payable at my bank.//;'
Note.— Charge Anderson with the amount of
both drafts. The spot draft must be credited to
cash, because In accepting It making It pay
able at the bank we are really giving out our
own check. The time draft when accepted Is a
promissory note and must be credited to bills
payable. ; •;;:
2. Sold merchandise valued at $4026 S3 to
Paul Jones; drew on him at sight for $1000
and at thirty days* sight for JloOO, balance
on account. (Both drafts honored.)
Note.— If we had sold goods we should have
credited the roods account: w» tell bills receiv
able and we credit the bills receivable account
with (400. W« char?* the cash account with
}4C0. just as though the bank had paid us the
full amount. We make the first two entries,
crediting- bills receivable and debiting cash.
Just as though there were no discount to be con
sidered. Now, suppose that we take H from
our cash drawer and hand It to the bank to pay
the discount. We should then credit our cash
account" with *4 and for th* opposite entry we
open a new account called "discount and in
terest" and charge it with $4. The bank will
be obliged to wait until the note falls due he
fore they can get their »4flO. so that the U they
charge us Is really Interest.
. Such accounts as expense, wages, loss
and gain, etc., are really branches of the
proprietor's own account. When he pays
out cash for wages, for Instance, he
credits cash and charges wages. In'charg
ing wages he really charges himself, but
for convenience the amount is placed in
wages, so that at the end of the year he
may know what the gross wages for the
year may amount to.
1. Had Charles Cameron's note for $400
discounted at our bank: the bank charged
us $4 discount (interest) and paid us the
difference in cash. .V- ¦-
Debit the receiver for what Is received;
credit the giver for what Is parted with.
Every transaction shows both a debit
and a credit. Debtor means receiver, one
who gets into debt. Creditor means a
payer; one who parts with something.
When we debit a man we charge him, and
an entry is made on the charge or debit
side of his account. When we credit a
man we give* him credit and an entry is
made upon the credit (right hand) side of
his account. This general. rule is worth
remembering:
The principal book is called the ledger;
all other books sre auxiliary to the ledger.
Very often the ledger is subdivided into
main ledger, cash book,- petty ledger, bill
book, etc. Making entries in the ledger is
called posting.
The system of bookkeeping known as
double entry Is a device for detecting
omissions and errors. Every transaction
Is entered twice— once as a debit and once
as a credit. The accounts' are always In
balance — that !s, the total debits at any
time are equal to the total credits.
ZZL HOW TO BO DOTTBLE ENTHY.
Mary C. Carroll, widow of the late John
M. Carroll, has applied for letters of ad
ministration upon the $23 AX) estate of the*
deceased. David O'Keefe. who died De
cember IS, left *n estate <*cceeding $10.0Ct)
In value. A petition for letters of adminis
tration upon the same was tile 1 yesterday
by John O'Keefe, decedent's brother.
G. 11. Umbsen has applied for letters of
administration upon the estate of the late
Thomas Bayne. Mrs,* Elizabeth Bayne,
decedent's widow. I* his sole heir-at-law.
His estate exceeds J1O.0OO In value. /
The will of Charles Matthews, who died
December 13. leaving an estate valued at
more than J10.0CO. .was filed for probate
yesterday. Decedent bequeaths his estata
to his widow, Teresa E. Matthews.
Widow — Administration Letters
Upon Estates Asked.
Decedent Bequeaths His Estate to His
CHARLES MATTHEWS' WILL
IS OFFERED FOB PROBATE
Both, Each, Every— Both, meaning "the
two, and not merely one of them." groups
of objects, as. "Both were men of hot
temper." Kach means "all of any num
ber, considered one by one." aa, "Each
boy recited in his turn." Every means
"all of any number, considered as com
posing a group or class." an, "Every
pupil should have a dictionary and use It
freely." ,
Bound. Determined— Bound properly
means "obliged," "fated," or "under ne
cessity." as. "A man is bound by hfs
word ; "We hold ourselves in gratitude
bound to receive • • • all such per
sons." In the sense of "determined"
bound Is not In good us#. In the Fens« of
"sure" it is in colloquial but not in liter
ary use.
By, With — To Introduce the agent of an
action by la now commonly used: the
material Instrument or tool 13 usually in
troduced by with. as. "Duncan was mur
dered by Macbeth with a dagger."
Note — This completes the series of les
sons on English by Professor Buehler.
Balance, Rest. Remainder — Balance,
meaning "the difference between two
sides of an account," Is a commercial
term, and cannot properly be used for rest
or remainder. Rest is used of persons or
things, and of large as well a» of small
parts. Remainder Is used only of things,
and denotes a comparatively small part.
The following sentences are correct: "He
has a balance at his banker's": "the rest
of the boys stayed behind": "the remain
der (or rest) of the hour was spent in con
versation."
Back of— Back of. though frequently
heard In conversation and sometimes
seen in crint. is not in good use.
Avocation, Vocation— Vocation means
"calling" or ."profession"; avocation,
"something aside from one's regular call
ing." a "by-work," as, "Let your base
ball be a pastime, not a trade: let it be
.your avocation, not your vocation."
Allusion. Illusion. Delusion— An allusion
is an indirect reference to something not
definitely mentioned. Roughly speaking
an illusion is an error of vision; delusion,
of judgment. "In literary and popular
use an illusion is an unreal appearance
presented in any way to the bodily or tha
mental vision; it is often pleasing, harm
less, or even useful. • • • A delusion is
a mental error or deception, and may
have regard to things actually existing."
"There were two allusions to the riots ii
his sermon"; "the cleverest men are of tea
under a delusion about women"; "the
mirage is an illusion."
Among. Between — Among is the proper
word when tiie reference is to more than
two persons or things, or groups of per
sons or things: between, when the refer
ence is to two only, as: "He divided the
apples among the five boys"; "There ia
bad feeling between Japan and Russia.*
Amount, Quantity. Number— Amount
means "sum total," and is used of num
bers or quantities; quantity 13 used of
things which are measured; number, of
things which are counted, as: "Our week
ly expenses vary in amount"; "Gulliver
asked the king of LJllput for a large num
ber of iron bars and a considerable quan
titv of rope."
At, In — Before names of places to denote
"where." at is used when the place is so
small as to be treated as a mere point, or
when, although large, it is viewed as a
mere point; in Is used when it i3 desired
to make prominent the idea "within th<»
bounds of," as, "He arrived at Liverpool
in the morning and remained in that city
two days." Before the name of the place
in which the speaker dwells, if the placo
is of any size, in is generally preferred
to at, unless the place is so remote that
it dwindles in the mental vision to a
point.
Ability, Capacity— Ability is the power of
doing; capacity, the power of containing,
of understanding, of acquiring, as "The
capacity of the room is not great" ; "Each
gave according to his abilty."
Affect, Effect— To affect is "to act up
on." "to influence"; to effect is "to bring
about": as "She was greatly affected by
the news"; "They went home without
effecting their purpose."
Aggravating, Irritating— In good use
aggravating means "making heavier,
more grave, worse in some -way." It Is
often misused for Irritating, exasperating,
or provoking. The following sentences
are correct: "Some of his remarks were
very irritating (exasperating, provoking);
'The crime was committed under aggra
vating circumstances."
speaker's meaning obscure, as when a
friend, of the present writer once asked a
young lady to "go riding" with him. At the
appointed hour he drove to her house la
a carriage and was astonished to see her
come down to meet him in her riding hab
it. But the mistake was his. not hers.
If he had asked her to go "driving" she
would have known what he meant. Some
times the use of a word in an unauthor
ized sense makes the speaker seem ridlc
lous, as when a person of the writor'a
acquaintance suggested that an oil paint
ing might be cleaned by "washing It In
torpid water," and another person of the
writer's acquaintance introduced his
newly wedded second wife as "my late
wife." Much of the humor of Sheridan'3
delightful comedy. "The Rivals." flowa
from the linguistic mistakes of Mrs. Mal
aprop, who says, among other amusins?
things: "Observe me. Sir Anthony. I
would by no means wish a daughter of
mine to be a progeny of learning; I don't
think so much learning becomes a young
woman; for Instance, I would never let her
meddle with Greek or Hebrew or algebra
or simony or fluxious or paradoxes or
such inflammatory branches of learning.
• • • But. Sir Anthony. I would send
her at 9 years old to a boarding- school In
order to learn a little Ingenuity and arti
fice. Then, sir, she should have a super
cilious knowledge in accounts, and I would
have her instructed in geometry, that sh<»
might know something of contagious
countries. This. Sir Anthony, is what I
would have a woman know." These blun
ders of Sheridan's famous character
might seem exaggerated if we did not
hear in our own day of an aspiring moth
er in real life who took her daughter to
Europe "to study under the old masters."
who "had a bust made of her daughter's
hand" and, who, on landing from the
steamer, was so glad to get on terra cotta
again." If time served the present writ
er could give many similar illustrations
from his own observation. In every case
the misuse of a word leaves an unpleas
ant impression on the mind of a culti
vated person. Unfortunately, since the
number of words in our language la very
large it is impossible to mention all the
cases in which words have been or may
be mistaken for one another. In general
a writer or speaker must depend upon
dictionaries or books of synonyms to sup
plement what he has learned through ob
servation. All that can be attempted
here is to distinguish some words fre
quently confounded.
NIGHT SCHOOL: HOW TO DO THINGS.
Copyright, 1900, b y Seymour Eaton.
e
NIGHT SCHOOL COURSE.
~ THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY^ DECEMBER 25, 1900.
Delayed at Auckland and Again at Honolulu She Nevertheless
Arrives Twelve Hours Ahead of Time.
RECORD RUN MADE BY OCEANIC
MAIL STEAMSHIP ALAMEDA
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Bonlta
8. Portland.
Senator
Empire
Zealandla. . .
Queen.
Mandalay...
Arcata
Eureka. .
S. Barbara.
Santa Ana...
State of.Cal.
Rainier.'.'..'.'.
G. Dollar...
Colon
Corona.:.;.'.
Pt. Arena...
Araer. Maru.
Pomona
G. Elder....
Czarina.....
Santa Rosa.
Samoa
Walla Wall.
North Fork.
Newport .....
Ast'la & Ptld
Seat. & Alas..
Coos Bay
Honolulu ....
San Diego....
Coqullle Rlv..
Coos Bay
Humboidt ...
HumboMt ...
Humboidt ....
Vic & Pgt Sd
Skat. AN. W
Grays Harbor
Pan. & Way.
Newport- ...-.
Point Arena..
China & Jap.
Humboidt ....
Asfla & Ptld
Seat. & Tacm
San Diego
Humboidt ¦;;..
Vic & Tgt 8d
Humboidt ....
Dec. 25, 9 am
Dec. £6. 5 pm
Dec. 26. 9 am
Dec. 28. 12 m
Dec. 26. 2 pm
Dec. 28, 9 am
Dec. 27, 10 am
Dec. 27, 12 m
Dec. 27. 9 am
Dec. 27, 10 am
Dec. 27. 13 m
Dec. 27. It am
Dec. 28, 5 pm
Dec. 28
Dec. 28. 12 . m
Dec. 28, 9 am
Dec. 29, { 2 pm
Dec. 29. 1 pm
Dec. 29, 2 pm
Dec. 29, II am
Deo. SO, 5 pm
Dec. 30, .9 am
Deo. 31, 10 am
Jan. 1. 11 am
Jan. . 1, 9 am
Pier 11
Pier2S
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 7
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 2
PUSS
Pier 11
Pier 3
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier 24
Pier I i
Pier 11
Pier I
Pier 9
Pier 2
San Jose .......
Eureka
Rainier
Srace Dollar...
Del Norte.......
Arcata; .........
Empire
Santa Barbara.
0. W. Elder ...
Corona'.........
Robert Dollar..
Santa Rosa ....
Point Arena....
Czarina ........
Pomona *.;;.r.T.
Newburg .......
Walla ..Walla...
Curacao
W. H. Kruser.
Samoa ..........
N'orth Fork.:..
Mexico ..".'..... ".'
3ueen- .-
Bonlta ..V.V^r..
Columbia ......
Peru "......
Acapulco .................
Humboldt
Seattle & New Whatcom
Grays Harbor....
Portland and Coos Bay.
Coos Bay........-..7.".....;
Coos Bay...
San Pedro...
Portland..
Newport..................
Seattle.;.;..: ....... ...r..
San Diego
Point Arena.....
Seattle and Tacoma
Humboldt ......... .rr.TT.
Grays Harbor..:. ........
Victoria & Puget Sound
Mexican Ports..
Grays Harbor...'...;.."...
Humboldt ....;
Humboldt ..I
Mexican Ports I
San Diego: .:.
Newport ."."..¦ ........:.:..
Portland and Astoria..:.
Panama and Way Ports
Tahiti.. ....:
Deo. H
Dec 28
Deo. 23
D«C. 25
Dec. 25
Dec 2S
Dec. 25
Dec 2$
Deo. 23
Dec 2(5
Dec 2(5
Dec. 27
Deo. 27
Dec. 27
Dee. 27
Deo. 23
Dec 23
Dec. 23
Dec. 23
Dec. 2$
De3. 29
Dec^ 2d
Dec.' 30
Dec 30
Dec. 31
Dec 31
Australia ...... .
Sun rises —— ] : £
Bun sest .—. iVftV"™
Moon »ets -~... »•«• P- °»-
H Time Tlm« Tim* TUn*
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• IHW Ij "W H W . . L. W
25 ?» 8.1 7:2» 1.8 1:17 5.1 7:88—8.1
Si.. 3:07 6. J ,8:11 S.B MS 4.« 8:40 0.4
TT .. 3:48 5.4 9:40 J.l »:80 4.6 »:» 1.0
SS .. 4:30 S.5 10:45 1.6 4:51 4.1 10:22 l.t
23 .. 6:15 5.7 11:65 1.0 6:18 3.9 11:18 2.1
30 ... 6:03 5.9 1:02 0.4 ! 7:41 3.8
L W / H W L W H TV
31... 0:19 ».4 6:54 6.1 »:04 —0.2 8:56 4.0
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Bonlta
8. Portland.
Senator
Empire
Zealandla. . .
Queen.
Mandalay...
Arcata
Eureka. .
S. Barbara.
Santa Ana...
State of.Cal.
Rainier.'.'..'.'.
G. Dollar...
Colon
Corona.:.;.'.
Pt. Arena...
Araer. Maru.
Pomona
G. Elder....
Czarina.....
Santa Rosa.
Samoa
Walla Wall.
North Fork.
Newport .....
Ast'la & Ptld
Seat. & Alas..
Coos Bay
Honolulu ....
San Diego....
Coqullle Rlv..
Coos Bay
Humboidt ...
HumboMt ...
Humboidt ....
Vic & Pgt Sd
Skat. AN. W
Grays Harbor
Pan. & Way.
Newport- ...-.
Point Arena..
China & Jap.
Humboidt ....
Asfla & Ptld
Seat. & Tacm
San Diego
Humboidt ¦;;..
Vic & Tgt 8d
Humboidt ....
Dec. 25, 9 am
Dec. £6. 5 pm
Dec. 26. 9 am
Dec. 28. 12 m
Dec. 26. 2 pm
Dec. 28, 9 am
Dec. 27, 10 am
Dec. 27, 12 m
Dec. 27. 9 am
Dec. 27, 10 am
Dec. 27. 13 m
Dec. 27. It am
Dec. 28, 5 pm
Dec. 28
Dec. 28. 12 . m
Dec. 28, 9 am
Dec. 29, { 2 pm
Dec. 29. 1 pm
Dec. 29, 2 pm
Dec. 29, II am
Deo. SO, 5 pm
Dec. 30, .9 am
Deo. 31, 10 am
Jan. 1. 11 am
Jan. . 1, 9 am
Pier 11
Pier2S
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 7
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 2
PUSS
Pier 11
Pier 3
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier 24
Pier I i
Pier 11
Pier I
Pier 9
Pier 2
San Jose .......
Eureka
Rainier
Srace Dollar...
Del Norte.......
Arcata; .........
Empire
Santa Barbara.
0. W. Elder ...
Corona'.........
Robert Dollar..
Santa Rosa ....
Point Arena....
Czarina ........
Pomona *.;;.r.T.
Newburg .......
Walla ..Walla...
Curacao
W. H. Kruser.
Samoa ..........
N'orth Fork.:..
Mexico ..".'..... ".'
3ueen- .-
Bonlta ..V.V^r..
Columbia ......
Peru "......
Acapulco .................
Humboldt
Seattle & New Whatcom
Grays Harbor....
Portland and Coos Bay.
Coos Bay........-..7.".....;
Coos Bay...
San Pedro...
Portland..
Newport..................
Seattle.;.;..: ....... ...r..
San Diego
Point Arena.....
Seattle and Tacoma
Humboldt ......... .rr.TT.
Grays Harbor..:. ........
Victoria & Puget Sound
Mexican Ports..
Grays Harbor...'...;.."...
Humboldt ....;
Humboldt ..I
Mexican Ports I
San Diego: .:.
Newport ."."..¦ ........:.:..
Portland and Astoria..:.
Panama and Way Ports
Tahiti.. ....:
Deo. H
Dec 28
Deo. 23
D«C. 25
Dec. 25
Dec 2S
Dec. 25
Dec 2$
Deo. 23
Dec 2(5
Dec 2(5
Dec. 27
Deo. 27
Dec. 27
Dee. 27
Deo. 23
Dec 23
Dec. 23
Dec. 23
Dec. 2$
De3. 29
Dec^ 2d
Dec.' 30
Dec 30
Dec. 31
Dec 31
Australia ...... .
Sun rises —— ] : £
Bun sest .—. iVftV"™
Moon »ets -~... »•«• P- °»-
H Time Tlm« Tim* TUn*
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• IHW Ij "W H W . . L. W
25 ?» 8.1 7:2» 1.8 1:17 5.1 7:88—8.1
Si.. 3:07 6. J ,8:11 S.B MS 4.« 8:40 0.4
TT .. 3:48 5.4 9:40 J.l »:80 4.6 »:» 1.0
SS .. 4:30 S.5 10:45 1.6 4:51 4.1 10:22 l.t
23 .. 6:15 5.7 11:65 1.0 6:18 3.9 11:18 2.1
30 ... 6:03 5.9 1:02 0.4 ! 7:41 3.8
L W / H W L W H TV
31... 0:19 ».4 6:54 6.1 »:04 —0.2 8:56 4.0
MATINEE TO-DAY, CHRISTMAS.
l*arquet, SSe, pry seat: 'balcony. 10c: children.
2&C arty part except reserved.
THE ZENITH OF ELEGANT
VAUDEVILLE.
THE ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW!
• . direction Martin Beck.
BEvnnrs sriiAFFnit. will m\ cresst
AND I5LAXOHE PAY.N'E. JOHNSON. DAV-
EXPOaT AND IXmrULO, LOl-ISK DRKSS-
ER. JACK NOHWOUTH. BERTIE FOW-
LER. THE COMIOGRAPH.
Retained by Special Rwjueat,
VH.VT.Y PHATTl-CK and CHRISTTNTA'S DOG.
<"AT AND MONKEY CUtCrS.
"MERRY CHRISTMAS!"
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAT!
TO-NH1HT ANT* THIS WEEK ONLT
KING & NORPROPS. by ep*clal arrangement
with Dar.Jpl and Charl** Frohman. present
the New York end San Francisco hit
AT THE WH1IE HORSE TAVERN
T'ffua! TVrular Pr1ce« JI. 75c. 60c. 25c
NEXT FT'NPAT NIGHT
• . EBUARU STRAUSS and His Vienna Orchestra.
Preclal Price*— Orcrwtra. 12: Orchestra Os»t
"¦"•n rows). J1.5P; Eclcony (firet four row*).
«: £0; balance of Balcony, tl: Gallery (reserved*.
Sac; Gallery (unreserved). COc; Bex and Logo
e<-£ts, J2E0.
..tie of seat* commence* ta-rnorrow morning
<V.«^n^gay), «t t o'cl ock.
LAFOIlilFn TI!AT WORD FITS THIS
.'CyUALCU- ca?E EXACTLT.
ALL THIS WEEK, INCLUDING SUNDAY.
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE TO-DAY-
R«"trular Mating Saturday.
Note — Thwf Matinee* er» to b« given at spe-
cially reduced r^^s.
THE LEADERS
PRIMROSE and
DOCKSTADER
MINSTRELS.
Sitxi Week— "THE BELLE OF NEW YORK."
Mt E41'.r.ght>we Trr>r. and llanairw
Tfcone South 770
XMAS MATINEE TO-DAT!
ALL FOR FUN AM) Fl'N FOR ALL.
TO-NIGHT
Geo. H. Broadhuret's Funny Farce,
WHY
SMITH BY A
°" 11 ¦ ** CLEVER
I FFT COMPANY OF
*— ' *-^ *^ * COMEDIANS.
HOME.
A TRT-LT FCXNT OOMEDT.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Evening: lie, 25c, 25c. 50c and 73c.
Matlr.ee 15c. SSc. 25c and SOc.
»xt £undav Afternoon. Jecr»b IV.tfs Blc Show
••fhet-:andoah."
GRAND OPERA MOUSE
CROWDED ALL THE TIME!
MATINEE TO-DAT (CHRISTMAS DAT).
Brilliant Triumph of the
¦ — OLIVER-LESLIE COMPANY-
ALL THIS WEEK
The Famous English Military Drama,
AN OFFICER OF
THE SECOND.
Received Last Jflrht With Enthusiasm!
Evening Prices — lOc, ISc, Z3c and COc.
A few front rowg Jn orchestra, 75c
Matinee Prlccs-lOc. 15c. 25c and 50c, no
higher. Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
/Lvh eatr e^i \
XMAS MATINEE TO-DAY
Dana Beiasco'B London and New York Success,
Naughty Anthony
REGULAR MATTNEB SATURDAY AND
SUNDAY.
EEATS-15C £5c, «5e, 60c.
CHRISTMAS MATINEE TO-DAT and
SATVRDAT atp. a. EHABP.
EVENINGS AT «.
By FERRIS HARTMAN.
fcOADED FTTLL OP" UP-TO-DATE HTJMOR,
MUSIC AND SPECIALTIES.
JXJN'T FAIL TO TAKE THE LITTLE ONES.
Ce« Oacar L. Fesft Fine TRANSFORMATION.
The Flowery Kingdom.
. POPULAR PRICES 2S and CO cents.
Te lejihone— Bush t.
0EMSCO AND TMALL'S
CENTRA!
V.THEATER.ii
Market et., near Eth. Oppoeit* City Hall.
XMAS MATINEE TO-DAY.
• PBICES-lOc, 16c, 25c, No Higher.
JSvery We Matlaeea Saturday an4 Sunday.
THE GREATEST SUCCESS IS YEARS.
David Belasco'* Famous Military Romance,
the HEART OF MARYLAND
THE BEST OF ALL BIO PLAYS!
PliriX EVir»— 10c. 15c. 25c. S5c. 60c
f rlwCD Matinees— 19c. 15c. 25c. No hljrher.
Beats on Sale at Box Office of Theater.
CHUTES^™ ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON' AND EVENING.
Grand Spectacular Production,
TEN DAYS IN FAIRYLAND
mmmmAHDm***
: SANTA GLAUS BALLET!
BIG CHRISTMAS TREE! j
Presents for All the Children!
Telephone for Seats, Park 25.
kFTSCHFR'S CONCERT HOUSE. ]
( OGILL AND roOPEB'g COMEDIANS IN
•MY UXCLE FROM JAPAN."
Ars<3 "A FAIHT GODMOTHER," by Arnold
and Ethri Graxer and Blanche Trelease. '
Ret-ervefl Seats. £*. Matinet Christmas!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OUR TOAST FOR THE NEW
YEAR.
He'alth. wealth and happiness! We may
bo able to add to your health and happi-
i ness, if not to your wealth, if you will
j permit us to attond to your laundry work.
j which we do to perfection. Everything
in your wearing apparel ready for New
I Year's calls? Tell us in time. Domestic
finish for full-dr^ss shirts if you order it.
"NO SAW EDGES."
t
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
I - Office IOO4- Market Streat
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office-62 San Pablo Av?.
. ?O»0«0«0*0f0f0}0«-0f-0*0«090'
; SWIOY 1$ HEALTHFUL %
o f?M A Nataral Mineral Water ?
j §£¦ *lth medicinal qualities*,
: . o Mm F 0T and o
¦ o Stomach Disorders, "o
lj$Mk s ™ ]lei VICHY I
$ SgggSafis IN SIPHONS ?
o Get tbe G «nuln3 «
? JIJI jr M Mill 1 II 111 ¦ ¦¦¦¦ ¦Mil I.I
O A. V1GN1ER. Distributing Acrent^
?C*O#O+O+O*O*O»~*i;<»O»O4>o»O*
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days I
! ~Grmn-SolTent"' <3)R»olTes Stricture like snow b»- |
, Death tbe sun, reduces Enlarged Prostate and '
' strengthen* tbe Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains an* i
| Emissions in Fifteen Days. ;
I >'o dru^s to ruin the Ktomaeh. but a direct local ¦
' and positive application totheent'.reurctbral tract
Gran-£o!vent Is not a liquid. It is prepared la
¦ the form of Crayons or Pencils, tmooth and flexlbl»
¦ | md to narrow as to pass the clo&est Stricture.
Every /tan Should Know Himself.
The St. James Assn.. Box 8S*. Cincinnati. O.. ha* '
j rrelllustratert iVeatise upon tbe male LULL I
I ftrstem. which t b*y will send to any 111111
Bale Applicant, I I ILL. I
»i. ji n h\ iS-TM 250 ELM ST., j
JI. JAnC aa.K., Cincinnati, Ohio.
"I wan troubled with Protruding Piles many
year*. Tried every remedy I could hear of and
had them cut out twice. I despaired of a
cure until I tried \>rus Pile Cure. I was
never so surprised in my life to And mynplf
cured before using half a box. It Is indeed
wonderful. E. P. WEIDXEH
"11~S Fifth «t.. Des Molnes. Iowa." '
we will pay any one $50 who cannot be
cured with VERUS PILE OVUE. Price $2 00
Over 10,000 cures. No claim for rrward.
VERUS PILE CURE CO., EOOI 256, Wilson Blfc
Or the old and reliable ELLINGTON »DKUG
CO., Agent?, corner Fourth and Spring sts.
Lor Angeles, Cal.
EVERY WOMAN
is interested and should know
.rffSSjH^^ about the wonderful
jSKG^Mtf&L MARUCI WHIRLING
ffl^M™ ThenewyafftaHSyrinee.
L? ¦ V.Si \ w N K^!?1 Injection and Suction.
V"'*S5 J '2i e 5 **-^* Best— Safest— Most Con-
>^\V\vC»>S"jSi-TJ}w venient. It Cleanses
N %^^^ ? **^*^-5rp r - Instantly.
Atk y oat drc j jl«t for It. \- , /fS> ~^,.'^>^~^~
If he cannot supply the XjC^tr "'*"/; "i'/it'S
MABVEL, larptno \ ' £d^->__
other, but «cnd «t»rrp for ITlus- \> f ''¦'i'K?\s
trste<jt>ook— He-Hied. Itgivnfull \/., g ''''/wT
particulars »nd direction* Invaluable "v / iM
toUdie" M.tnVFL CO.. r4£f!fiptoiW
KoomoQ^rinioii ltc'p.,.\«'wVork *^<*iLL-r .
Avisir OR. JORDAN'S qrsat A
Museum of anatomy #
I 1 Qj 18511USZZTSV.t«t.6A*7t2i,S.7.Cd.i
Cj Tbe Ltrntt Anatosial Museum ia tbe \
i ' jl»tft,_ Werid. Wefckneuw or a-.y contracted 4
W £5~£*£S diirmic pciitlvrly carvd t>y the clds-it V
V 5£StHS i> P'= ar - i; «« 4ti »'- Coirtt E»t- 3S ye»n. «
# fl*3^g OR. •ORBAM-PRJVATE OISEASES Q
\ P^ffl^tfS CoBrtultarton fres and ttri'tiy private. \
U I iV^ t( "^" '' Ir ' eit P« r son»!ly or by letter. A A
\ R if Tl H '*••'«»• CVroin every caieutilertaVen. \
Aril 11& Write for Bock. PUH.OHOPBY*r A
V • [/ it* liiAIiaiACb', MAILED FREB. (AW
A, A H." valuabl* book (or own; V
f DB. JOBDAff A CO., 1051 Market St., 6. F. 9
Da 1 n nek \ These hotels oos-
X aial»O £CSS t h e attributes
j that tourists and
cinCl travelers appreciate
-—central location.
rj. wo y% r\ liberal manaRe-
\*1 ttllvl ment. . modern ap-
TT . i pointments and
HOtelS Perfect cuisine.
American and Eu-
San Francisco ropean plans.
rf!|||||||||^ RUPTURE
K?lr^\~T v> ¦•- c*nnct be cured by
TSBBfewflfe^O*^ sGaBar f alves. lotions, oom-
fiJtjgKS^J^py^JlAyjp^ mon trusses, or
/*— st Sf&3rBlbi5!— ?"*^ "Quack" operations.
C| J^y^K^OK. PIERCE'S MAGNETIC
ft /m 5^ ELECTRIC TRUSS" Is dlf-
1% /«f\ ferent It does the work I
I \ or "BOOKLET NO. 1" given
full Information. Call or write
magnetFc elastic truss co.
G2Q Market gt. (opp. Palace Hotel). S. F.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
t& A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kirf-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agent*.
tn Market ft.. S. F.— {Send for Circular*.)
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of the
Organ* of Generation.
Price tl a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
¦ ¦ ¦¦'¦¦¦ .*-•Big Steel Plant Damaged.
JOLIET, 111., Dec. 24.— The Fox Pressed
Steel Car Works; one. of the j largest In
dustries in Joliet, was nearly destroyed
by fire early to-day. Officials say they
can make no estimate of the. loss at this
time. It is thought all the costly machin
ery, valued at $100,000, is ruined. The
burned buildings can be . replaced for
about $25,000. The ' mills employed nearly
500 men. .¦ . . "¦¦"¦"' •<~
May Have Been Murdered.
RACINE. Wls.. Dec. 24.— John F. . Far
ley, a wealthy farmer! of Caledonia, was
found dead with a bullet' hole in his chin
on the tracks of the Milwaukee, Kenosha
and Racine road to-day. An investigation
is being made. . ¦
3>r. '¦;, Popoff i Returns.
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 24.-Dr.
Popoff, the Czar's physician, has returned
here. •-* ; "
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Monday. December 24.
Ptmr Alliance, .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRATS HARBOR- Arrived Dec 2*— Schr Jaa
A Garfleld, hence Dec- 17; echr Azalea, from
San Diejo. .
TACOMA— Arrived Dec 24— Schr Ethel Zane.
from San Pedro."
John B. J. Dormer.
LONDON, Dec. 24.— John Baptiste Jos
eph Dormer, Twelfth Baron Dormer, is
dead, in the 71st year of his age. ¦
Albert J. Brady.
Artist Grizenko.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.— Albert J. Brady,
secretary of the S. S.,McClure Company,
died on Sunday in Rome.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 24.— Grizenko,
the painter, is dead.
REVOLUTION STARTED
¦ -. . ¦
AGAINST VENEZUELA
Captain Hawley With the Hartford
Gone to Look Out for American
Interests.
CURACAO, Dutch Guiana, Dec. 24 (via
Haytlan cable.)— Celestino Perza, former
ly the Secretary General of President
Castro of Venezuela, has revolted against
the Venezuelan Government near Lo
zema. in the Guarico district. A force of
2I»00 Venezuelan troops, under General
Aristide? Fandeo, has been sent against
Perza.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 24.-Captaln Haw
ley cabled the Navy Department last
evening that he sailed with the Hart
ford from La Guayara to Curacao. It Js
said at the Navy Deoartment that this
does not affect the execution of the In
structions sent to Captain Hawley a few
days ago to look after American interests
In Venezuela and co-operate with Minis
ter Loomis. Curaceo, only a short dis
tance from La Guayara, directly across
the channel, is a cabie terminus, and the
Hartford is consequently still in good po
sition to execute her trust. Admiral
Remey cabled the Navy Department this
morning from Manila that he had sent
the cruiser Albany from Cavite to Hong
kong to be docked, for the purpose of as
certaining the extent of the injuries, it
any. received by the chip through touch
ing bottom in Sublg iiay last week.
»
KENTUCKY FAMILIES
FIGHT TO THE DEATH
One Bizmore Killed and Two Others
Wounded as the itesult of
the Feud.
LONDON. Ky.. Dec. 24.— Two men were
killed and two wounded at Farts distil
lery, twelve miles from here, yesterday
Four members of the Sizmore family on
one f» end Henry Barrett and W. II.
Young on the other engaged In a desper
ate fight. Young and one of the Sizmore3
were killed Instantly and two of the Siz
moros were fafUly wounded. An oid feud
was the cause of the trouble. All are
from Clay County,
Turned Out to Die.
HONOLULU. Dec. 17.— Three Chinese
are under arrest here for having turned a
dying countryman out of their home. The
victim is one Wun Chlng. He became
very ill yesterday, and after taking pome
medicine and getting no better his three
companions In the home where he was
are declared to have turned him Into the
Btraet so that he might die there. In order
that they might r&cape the bad luck sup
posed to follow If he died under their
roof. The unfortunate man died in ten
xcinutes after he fell helpless in the road.
WITNESSED THE KILLING
OF FRANK H. MORRIS
Nervous Collapse Due to the Shock
May End the Life of a Young
Woman.
HALLJDAYSBURG. Pa,, Dec. 24.— Mtes
Juniata Rohrbach, an employe of the Au
ditor's office of the War Department, has
been brought to her home in this city in
an acute stage of nervous collapse that
is likely to prove fatal. Miss Rohrbach
was near the desk of Auditor Frank H.
Morris when McDonald entered his office
and shot him. The shock of the tragedy
was too much for the young woman's
nerves.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 24.— Samuel Mc-
Donald, the treasury clerk, who shot and
killed Frank H. Morris. Auditor of the
War Department, Saturday and then at
tempted suicide, was reported to be better
this morning. Last night he had a sink
ing spell and it was thought at the hos
pital that he could not survive until morn
ing.
ALLEGED DISCOVERY OF
FATHEE MARQTJETTE'S BONES
Remains of the Missionary and Ex
plorer Said to Have Been Found •
in Michigan.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Dec. 24.— Announcement
is made by Ann Arbor Railway officials
that what is supposed to be the remains
of Father Marquette, the intrepid mission
ary and explorer, have been exhumed by
workmen neor Frankfort, Mich. Only the
skull and some imperfect bones remained,
and experts declare them to be those of a
white man. A stream of rust was found
near the head, and is supposed to have
been the father's beads. The Michigan
Historical Society claims to possess tho
proof that Father Marquette was burled
at this point in the year 1675, in the bed
of a small stream. .
It was in changing the . course of a
stream that the remains were found.
Great interest is being taken in the find.
A thorough investigation is being made.
— : — «
"News Butchers" Barred.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Dec. 24.— Orders
have been issued abolishing the train
boys, or "news butchers" on all trains of
the Erie Railroad system west of Sala
manca, K. Y.. after midnight, December
31. and on all lines cast of that point after
midnight, January 31.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 24.— The German
Embassy has laid before the State De
partment the claims of a number of Ger
man subjects for damages to their inter
ests in Cuba as a result of the Spanish-
American war and the Insurrection which
led up to the war itself. This action has
raised a most important issue and the De
partment of State has given it the closest
consideration. It has been concluded,
however, that the United States Govern
ment cannot accept responsibility for the
claims. They are regarded as practically
the same in principle as the claim of
Porto Rico against Cuba for $2,500,000 on
account of a war loan. Although in that
case Governor Allen of Porto Rico repre
sented the United States Government in
preferring the claim, that Government
was obliged to deny its liability or the
liability of Cuba under present conditions.
The answer to the German presentation
will be based upon. the reply to Governor
Allen, recently made. It is known that
other governments besides Germany have
claims aggregating a very large sum, all
based on the Cuban Insurrection and suc
ceeding events. They will nbt be aban
doned on account of the attitude of the
United States Government, but' probably
•will be held In abeyance until Cuba will
have become Independent, when they will
be presented directly to the island Gov
ernment.
The German Embassy Lays
Claims Before State
Department.
FOREIGN POWERS
ASK INDEMNITY
SCRANTON. Pa,, Dec. 24.-The second
day of the streetcar men's strike passed
off as quietly as the first. Seven men Im
ported from Syracuse joined with the
company's superintendents, foremen,
clerks and three old employes In manning
eight cars, and although they ran through
all parts of the city from daybreak until
nightfall not a single instance of violence
or even Intimidation was reported.
The strikers quietly went among the
men who were taking their places and
succeeded in Inducing four of them tOj
quit and In exacting promises from three
others not to go to work to-morrow. One
of the men from Syracuse was provided,
with transportation by the strikers and
returned home. Two others turned in
with the strikers in helping to induce the
other seven to quit.
Very few persons rode on the cars even
after it became evident that there was
no danger of violence. Even aged women
preferred to labor along under a load of
Christmas bundles for two or three miles
than to be seen riding on the tabooed"
cars.
All sorts of wagons and carriages were
pressed lrto service by the livery men to
carry people to and from the suburbs, and
the steam roads up and down the valley
ran extra trains to the suburban towns, so
by one means or another shoppers man
aged to go into the central portion of the
city and business was not as seriously
affected as was dreaded.
Boys placed rubbish and stones on the
Green Ridge tracks during the afternoon,
but this was the extent of interference.
The few cars that kept up irregular trips
to the more important suburbs were
jeered along the line, but this and some
opprobrious epithets were the worst the
men on the cars were called upon to en
dure.
General Manager SIHiman and President
Clark of Philadelphia had a long confer
ence to-day and at its conclusion Mr.
Clark returned to Philadelphia. Mr. Silli
man stated after the conference that the
company is satisfied with the situation
and prospects and proposes to continue
its policy of gradually increasing the num
ber of cars In operation day by day until
all are running, rather than to attempt to
resume on a large scale. This policy ho
believes will be less liable to incite
trouble.
The strikers have men at every railroad
station watching for men who are re
ported to be coming to take their places.
Organizer of Mine-Workers Must
WARNER IS IMPRISONED.
Serve. for Assault.
BALTIMORE, Dec. 24.— William War
ner, organizer of the United Mine Work
ers, and leader in tho recent miners'
strike in the Georges Creek mines, en
tered the Maryland House of Correction
yesterday to serve a term of six months'
imprisonment Imposed upon him by the
courts of Allegheny County for participat
ing in an assault upon non-union men
during the strike. With him were 'five
others convicted and sentenced for the
same offense, and six others are behind
the bars of the Allegheny County Jail for
shorter terms.
Warner and . his companions were
shaved, their hair was clipped short and
striped clothes were put upon them as in
the case with ordinary malefactors.
Strong efforts are basing made to Induce
Governor Smith to pardon Warner, as it
is generally believed his offense was moro
technical than actual, his contention
being that he was attempting to prevent
the trouble rather than to incite it, as wa3
claimed by the prosecution at the trial.
COLLIEBY TIED UP.
at Shamokin.
Seven Hundred Employes Quit Work
SHAMOKIN, Pa.. Dec. 24-The Enter
prise colliery,- operated' by W. L. Connell
& Co., of Scranton. was tied • up 'com
pletely this morning by' the 700 employes
going on strike because a number of min
ers had not paid- their laborers the
amounts the latter claimed In accordance
with the ten per cent Increase. The strik
ers say they will! not return to work un
til the company either makes offending
miners settle satisfactorily or discharges
them. •
Eight Cars Operated but
No Passengers Pay
PUBLIC SYMPATHY
FOR STRIKERS
LANSING. Mien., Dec. 24.— On pe
tition of members of the Ingham
County bar Judge TVIest of the
Ir.gham County Court to-day or
dered Governor Pingree to appear
In court next Saturday and show caus*
why he should not be punished for con
tempt. The action is based on an In
terview which was published in the De-
troit Tribune December 7 in which the
Governor bitterly attacked Judge AVlest
and Prosecutor Tuttle of Ingham County.
Attached to the petition for an order is
an affidavit by the Tribune reporter who
got the Interview which affirms that It
was given for publication and that the
following day the Governor informed him
that the Interview as printed was all right
and commended its fairness.
t. Petersburg Government Assumes
Entire Control of the Railway
Enterprise in Man
churia.
CO2JGER. SIGNS AGREEMENT.
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 24.— The Xo
oe Vremya sharply criticizes the Joint
ote of the powers to China as being too
-¦ng to produce effect. It says the actu
ations a.Tainst the Emperor and Dowas«r
impress are unfounded, and that the ao
usation that Prince Tuan alone is rr—
possible 'or the treachery is ridiculous.
The pr. per adds:
"Ruiers sometimes betray their own
our.tr>. but treason toward foreign pow
ra is a new conception. The statement
D the ultimatum that the troops will not
>e v.ith-irawn before the conditions are
accepted cannot mean Russia., -whose
iroope have already vaca-ted Pechill,
whereas iianchurian affairs do not con
cern the powers. The note will not bring
peace. The powers possibly repent not
having Imitated Russia's example."
A special to the Xovoe Vremya from
Vladivostok says the exploitation of the
principal Manchurian railroad line and
the construction of branch lines to Port
Arthur will he turned ever to th» Govern
ment. Russia has always carefully Jn
eisted that the Mar.churian railway en
terprise was purely the affair* of a Rus
sian privat? corporation. The news, if
true, u rf preat importance politically.
Accompanies His Signature With an
Explanatory Note.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 24.— Secretary
Hay lias received a cablegram from Min
ister Conger at Peking announcing that
ho had signed the agreement reached by
the f-re:p:i Minlsiers. but had done so
with a written explanatory statement set
ting forth the exact position of his Gov
ertantnt, The text <if the statement is
.;<>•. ftrwarded by Mr. Conger, but it is
understood to be iiased upon the last in
struction he received from the Depart
ment, which, while disapproving the in
.iusion in the apxe^ment cf some of the
mere severe language, accepted it as the
Oest arrangement shat could be made at
this time.
It is believed that the United States
,-ilso. vrhile sanctioning the provisions of
the agreement relative to the maintenance
of permanent lines of communication,
legation guards and prohibition o f the im
poruitlon of arms into China. Indicates
clearly that constitutional reasons prevent
h< Executive making any pledge to take
:>art in the execution of these plans.
The signing of the agreement by the
-¦lini.sters closes what is regarded here as
;he first, the most important and the most
.iiflicult phase of the negotiations as to
"nina. for it is not doubted that the Chi
:>»se envoys will subscribe to the agree
iiern -without amendment. Its conclusion
i as been marked by one of the most curi
,. us mistakes in tht history of interna
.onal exchange, for by a cipher error the
..-.ajority of the la«t signatories found to
: neir amazement that they had contract
'l to do exactly what they did not in
:?nd. and moreover, the error was irre
i rievablei
IISS SMITH GETS HEB. TBTJNXS
-ormer Guest of Minister Conger
Did Not Pay Revenue Duty.
WASHINGTON*. Dec. 24.— Assistant Sec
i -tsry Spai:ld!r.g to-day took favorable
ction on the appeal of Miss Condit Smith
¦ rom The action of the customs authori
ses at New York in taking her trunks on
I ?r arrival from China. The basis for the
i ction is s=et forth in the following state
ment of Mr. Spaulding:
•'Regulations provide Tor free entry of
• ie personal effects of United States Min
ters and their families returning from
i broad. It appears that Miss Condit
: miih nap at Peking- at the time of the
a guest of the United States Mlnis
• er. Her entire wardrobe, with excep
lon of the clothes she wore, was either
estroyed or used to clothe others who
; ad lost everything, or torn up for band
ages or otherwise used for the wounded
oonfir.ed in the legation. The article?
¦f clothing contained in her two trunks
brought by her to New York are dupl!
¦at<»p both in number and value of the
• lothir.g purchased abroad for the neces
sities of her journey and to replace that
'vhich she lost cr charitably donated dur
ing the siege. As she was a guest of the
Minister and a member of his household
•iiirir.fr. the siege the entry is accorded to
her free."
MEET DEATH IN FLAMES.
Tragic Fate of Missionaries While
Resisting Boxers.
CEDAR RAPIDS. la.. Dec. 24.— The hrst
prs'Tive snd definite details of the tragic
¦iesth of Dr. and Mrs. Van Renssaeler
Hod^e of New York, missionaries at Pao
ling-Fu. China, were received here to-day
by Robert S. Sinclair, head of the T. I.
Sinclair Co.. a. brother of Mrs. Hodge.
Under date of October 22. Rev. J. W.
Lowrie, writing frcm Poatlng-Fu. Fays:
"The Hodges, the Simcox family and
Dr. Taylor defended themselves to the
last in the Siracox house, and all. per
ished !n the flames but the two Simcox
children, Paul and Frances, who, nearly
suffocated, ran out of the house and were
decapitated by the Boxers and thrown
Into a well."
Russian Journal Says It
Will Not Bring Peace
in China.
DUBS THE JOINT
iOTE A FAILURE
BERLIN, Dec. 24.— Emperor William's
bestowal upon Count von Bulow, Imper
ial Chancellor, of the highest decoration,
the Order of the Black, Eagle, is inter
preted to signify Imperial approval of his
recent utterances In the Reichstag, par
ticularly of his successful management of
the China trouble, as well as the Kruger
Incident, as against the pan-German agi
tation. It is understood that his Majesty
regards the Chancellor's present tour in
South Germany as a great success in
cementing the adherence of other German
Cabinets to the Emperor's foreign policy.
Herr Warrinski, director of tne Deut
scher Grunaschuld Bank, one of the era
barrasssd mortgage banks, who was sup
posed to have escaped to Italy, was ar
rested in this city yesterday. •
The National Zeitung, a Journal usually
friendly to the Unlteu States, discussing
the rejection of the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty lit its original form by the Senate,
eays:
"The incident means such a slap at the
executive as can scarcely be found, not
only in the history of the United States,
but In the parliamentary history of the
world. Presumably the treaty is not now
acceptable to Great Britain."
Count Snoilsky, military attache of the
Swedish and Norwegian legations in
Berlin, who recently disappeared, but was
subsequently found suffering from mental
derangement, will return to Sweden im
mediately. , £i ;<
The Chamber of Commerce of Berlin
has presented a petition to Count von
Bulow asking for tjie maintenance of tho
present tariff policy of the empire, pro
testing particularly against maximal and
minimal duties and the abandonment of
the most favored nation clause and ex
tension of the ad valorem system.
The Christmas weather in Berlin is
mild, cloudy and dry. To-day there were
the usual street scenes. Emperor Wil
liam at 3 v. m. attended the distribution
at Potsdam of presents to the troops of
the Garde du Corps. He dined at the pal
ace an hour later and then Joined in tne
family festivties. which included the us
ual array of tables covered with white
cloths and the Christmas trees for the
Princes, one for each.
An appeal has been taken In the case pf
the Berlin banker Sternberg. recently
convicted of an offense against morality,
to the Reichs-Gereicht. or Supreme Court
of the empire. .
The Berliner Tageblatt says that the
executive committee of the Berlin Bar
Association has lodged a V™ test J*l}}l t RZ-
Schoenstedt, Prueslan Minister of Justice,
against the treatment to which Stern
berg's lawyers have been subjected.
THE DAY'S DEAD,
WILLIAM FRANCIS SAGE.
Playwright and Dramatic Critic la
Called by I>eath.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.— William Francis
Sage, a playwright and dramatic critic,
died at his home In this city to-day.- He
was a brother of Mrs. Abble Sage Rich
ardson who died in Italy about a fort
night ago. Since receiving the news of his
sifter's death. Mr. Sage had been very
despondent, and it is believed the shock
of her death brought on an attack of par
alysis. Mr. Sage hid suffered from two
former attacks of the same malady. _
Mr Sage was born in Manchester, rv.
H. After his education he was for some
time in business in Boston with hs
father. Twelve years ago he came to this
city. Since that time he has been en
gaged here and elsewhere In writing
plays, composing operas and as a dra
matic critic. His great ambition his wife
, ay s was to become a successful play
wright but only one 'of his numerous
plays 'was ever produced. That was
called '"Destiny," and was produced at
McVicker's Theater, Chicago, and had a
run of two weeks. It was founded, on
Dickens 1 "Tale of" Two Cities."
Professor Williams.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— Professor
Thomas A. Williams, assistant chief of
the division of agrostology, Department of
Agriculture, and a well known authority
on botany, died at his home in a suburb
of this city yesterday of heart disease.
He was 35 years old. and came to this city
from Weeping Water, Nebr. Professor
Williams was widely kn&wn in scientific
circles at home and abroad. He was edi
tor of the Asa Gray Bulletin, a botanist
publication. He had been professor of
botany of the State Agricultural College
of South Dakota and held a similar posi
tion in the Columbian University in this
city for three years past.
Robert N. Hughes.
MERCED, Dec. 24.— Robert N. Hughes,
a pioneer resident of this city and at one
time prominent in local politics, died at
his family residence here this morning of
heart failure. Mr. Hughes was among
the first to locate in Merced, and has
served the people as County Auditor and
Recorder. The deceased was 61 years of
age and a native of Virginia,
John D- I>riscoll.
BOSTON, Dec. 24.— John D. Drlscoll,
better known as "Dynamite" Driscoll,
died to-day of cancer of the tongue, aged
70 years. He was a friend of John Mlt
chell.O'Donovan RoBsa.Charles S. Parnell,
Michael Davitt and all the prominent
Irish patriots. During the civil war he
served in the Ninth Massachusetts Vol-/
unteers.
Frank B. Kennard.
MILES CITY, Mont.. Dec. 24.— Frank B.
Kennard, a pioneer in the Yellowstone
Valley was found dead In hta room at a
hotel this morning. He had come from his
ranch for medical treatment. He was
formerly a; contractor, and built large
sections of the Northern Pacific- ¦
E. "Wegner.
SONOMA. Dec. 24.— E. Wegner. who has
been Sonoma 1 s druggist for many years,
died at his home here this morning after
a lingering illness of several months. He
leaves a wife and three daughters.
Nd-tlonal Zeitung Says Amendment,
of the Hay-Pauncefote Treaty
Is a Great Slap at
Interpretation Put Upon tha
Recent Action of the
- Emperor.
MAR K S APPROVAL
OF VON BULOW
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 25. 190O.
Michigan Executive's Published Attack Upon
Judge Wiest Resented by His Honor.
GOVERNOR PINGREE CITED
FOR CONTEMPT OF COURT
GOVERNOR HAZEN S. PINGREE OF MICHIGAN, WHO MAY BE PUN
ISHED FOR CONTEMPT OF COURT BECAUSE OF A RECENT PUB
LISHED ATTACK UPON JUDGE WIEST.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Soap in stick form; con-
venience and economy in
shaving.
. It is the best and cheap-
est shaving soap in all the
world.
ATI sorts of people use Pears* soap,' all sorts
of stores sell it. especially druggists.
' UNITED STATES BBANCH-
STATEMENT
, . OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
* —OF THE
ScottM Dip ai National
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH, SCOTLAND, ON THE
81st day of December, A. D. 1S93. and for
the year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner 'of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed aa
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $ 203,803 21
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 1,259,432 45
Cash market value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,014,110 42
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral .... 1.900 00
Cash In Company's Office 844 02
Cash In Banks 215.765 21
Interent due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 20.SS2 91
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 19.600 12
Premiums In due course of collection 327.260 94
Total Assets S4.063.4S4 41
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid % 74,471 55
Lossea in process of adjustment or
In suspense 197.(118 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 14,665 04
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,602,416 86;
reinsurance 60 per cent 801,203 43
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,930.-
492 3S; reinsurance pro rata 1,022.8.13 IS
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
< c. 2,00000
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due 35.693 19
Total Liabilities S2.148.600 37
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,199,400 23
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 67,263 52
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 78.120 73
Total Income $2,344.788 47
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $319,625 94, losses of pre-
vious years) $1,730,116 20
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 477,623 85
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 118,561 (3
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 84.263 90
All other payments and expenditures 117,529 01
Total Expenditures S2.64S.096 59
JAS. H. BRBVTSTER. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 23d
day of January, 1300.
CLARKSON N. FOWLER.
., Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT :
R. C. MBDCRAFT, General Agent,
319 California Street S. F.
SAN FRANCISCO CITY AGENTS x
MANHEIM, DIBBERN & CO.,
217 Sansomc Street .8. F.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-OF THE
FIDELITY an» DEPOSIT
COMPANY
OF BALTIMORE. IN ¦ THE STATE OF
Maryland, on the Slst day of December,
A. D. 1899. and for the year ending on that
day aa made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of Sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed aa per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
CAPITA!*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $1,500,000 00
ASSETS.
Peal Estate owned by Company $600,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3,152.407 00
Cash In Company's Office 28.954 17
Cash in Banks 340.&64 OS
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 116.979 13
Total Assets $4.237,304 37
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $4,157 33
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 32.746 U
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less, $1,224,378 68; re-
insurance 50 per cent. 812.189 33
Total Liabilities $649,092 79
INCOME. '
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums $347.542 33
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 91.E17 S3
P.ecelved for Rents 38,138 63
Received for commissions. Safe De-
posit Dept.. etc 105,420 85
Total Income $1,182,619 45
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses :.. $227,429 64
Dividends to Stockholders 207.4S6 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 228.200 96
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 70,833 91
Fald for State, National and Local
Taxes .............: 40,444 00
All other payments and expenditures 186.431 14
Total Expenditures..... "$959,331 65
* EDWIN WARFIELD, President.
H E. BOSLER. Secretary.
' Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th
day of January. 1900.
FRED. S. AXTELL, Notary Public.
FRANK L. GILBERT,
GENERAL AGENT,
ROOMS 24-25 TENTH FLOOR,
MILLS BUILDING,
¦ " San Francisco.
H^BssflF k wH ®3tsjSi iBw B5^*"33cju2
pj| MkU K wMk 'fj Pjf *» Sk^v3i
H t! Ik! fHH kj «3P1 «k~%k1
Kff_-l__BCjilJttr^iJsi^^Tsi sJlvWLs—i si PJs— JEftiiL ¦V^?*lswiliiiil
DS. HALL'S REIN VlGORATORRTOg
Five hundred reward for any Ml"Yf3
rase we cannot cure. This secret WAS Bti|M
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours, fj __m
cures Emissions, Impotency, Vari- 8^88 Rrad
cocele,.. Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Fits, fTTfS > Wrm
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all ' Uiiij 5 UaSyJ
wasting effects of self-abuae or larS K5-3
excesses. Sent sealed. $2 bottle: 3 EbaSSLuj
bottles, $5; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S , MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855
Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073ft
Market St.. S. F. All private, diseases quickly
cured. Send for free . book. ' .
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
Santa Fe
Trains- Da »y
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I/re. San Francisco. 9:00 a m;-»:10 p m 8:00 p m
Ait. Stockton 11:30 p m 7:15 p m 11:05 p ra
" Merced 2:« p m 1:1J * ra
" Fresno 4:10 p m 3:05 a ra
" Vlsalia 6:00 p m 4:JO a n»
" Tulare 6:22 pm 5:10 » m
" Hanford 6:33 p rn 7:0«am
" Bakersfleld .... 8:50 pm 7:30 am
V Denver 10:00 am
" Kansas City... 5:15 pm
** Chicago 7:40 am
S a. m. train is the Overland Express. Corre-
tpondlng train arrives at 6 p. m. dally.
4:10 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:C5 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. is Fresno and Bakersfleld Express,
with Sl«-«p!ns Cars for both cities. Correspond.
lr.se train arrives at 8 a. m. daily.
OFFICES— 641 Market st. and In Ferry Depot.
San Francisco; 11H Broadway. Oakland.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS....»:tt a. rn. ; 1:45 and 4:0* p. m.
SUNDAYS 8:00. 10:C0. 11:30 and 1:11 p. ra.
Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return.
SI 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices. «21 Market st. Sausaltto Ferry.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
>, Steamers leave Broadway
•jj^ wharf. San Francisco:
V TJfttii^ For A'askan Ports— 11 a. m..
L3r«HCV^ v " c - — • -"• Jan - l - to
FW>So3?!?S ~tnipnnv'8 stcam>»rs at Seattle.
P\r4nm3 For • (>toria - Vancouver ( B.
EjXySagj y\1 C ). Port To'n-njiend. Seattl<>.
sWff) |I~I1>«I^1 Tacoma. Kvcrctt. Anacortea
' teffiTni ¦ nd New Whatcom <Wa«h. >—
ii a. m., Dec. 23, 27, Jan. 1
and every fifth day thereafter.
?hang» at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humbolilt Bay— 2 p. m.. Dec.
24. 29. Jan. 3. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
reles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. :
steamer Santa Rosa, Sunday;". 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Btmeon. Cay>-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Oavlota,
Fanta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—
Steamer Corona. Fridays, 9 a. m. : steamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. rn.
For Ensenada, Ma;<1alena Bay. San Jose rtet
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pa*. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the- right to Chan**
steamer?, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous nntJr*.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
rTHE 0. R. & I. CO.
DISPATCH r ABT STEAMERS TO
OP O :R, T Xj J± XT ID
From Spear-stiret Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADt £12 first Class Including Berth
Innu $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails Dec. 24. Jan. t
GEO. W. ELDEJt Sails Dec. »
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. Gerwral Arrat.
630 Market St.
TOYO KKEN KAISHA.
STEA1TERS WTU. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
.n«r First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG. caUln* at
Kobe (Hiog-o), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkons; with steamers for In*
dla. etc. No cargo received on board on day oS
s| U AMERICA MARTJ
Saturday. December ». 1908
6S. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January 24, 1301
S3. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 19. 1901
Round-trlD tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
HV TORS. SOUTH AMPT0S. L03S03. MZ23L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westwound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis Dec. 2eiNoordland Jan. IS
Xew York Jan. 2|Frlesland Jan. »
Kensington Jan. 9|Vaderland Jan. 30
RED STAR LINE;
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 Noon.
Westernland ...Dec. 2«'Noordland Jan. l«
Westernland ...Jan. 2|Frtesland .......Jan. »
Kensington Jan. 9/Southwark Jan. JO
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast.
30 Montgomery st.
occanicSsSXo. ---^^v,
S3. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday, December 28. 3 p. ra.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. January 2. 1901. 9 p. ra.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday. January «. 4 p. m.
1. D.SPRECKLS k BROS. CO., Eraral Agantj, 327 Harfcst St
Sen'l Passangsr Otfics, 643 Varkit St, Pier Ma. 7. P2o5: St
PANAMA R, R. BS
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
S. S. ROANOKE sails January 8,
8.S.ST. PAUL sails January 29,
From wharf, foot of Fremont st.. at 2 p. m»
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacinc Coast Agent.
C0MPAGHIE GESEHALS TRAHSATLASnQUX,
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3- jm»
galllr.pc every Thursday. Instead nf «G5j3»G!
Saturday, at 10 a, m., from Pier 42.-^'-"'
North River, foot of Morton street. Flrst-clasa
to Havre. J55 and upward. Second elasa tn
Havre. J45 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New Jork. J
F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agentm. 5
Montgomery avenue. San Franclaco. .Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
"lwui^l«AVYY^ TALLEST
' Steamer "*A1ontlc«lJa."
MOV Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at »:43
am. 3:15 8:33 p. m- ««• Thum. night); Fri-
days 1 p. m and S:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.: $
p m' Landing and office. Mlsslon-stroet Dock.
Pier No 2. Telephone Main 150S. >
fart: s»c
/^^l. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
£ f^Wm 629 KEABXY ST. Established
MQy^ViJAIn 1.HS4 for.tbe treatment of t'rtvntt»
iS ' *». Diseases. I-ost Manhood. Debility or M
K^KUHIl'U'^raso wearing on body and mind and
Diseases. The Doctor cares when
fair. Try him. Charifes low.
¦^HBBS^nrr* cuarnn l«-ed. Call or write,
E»r. J. JF. CJIBBOS. bau Francisco. CmL _
NWI1THKKN PACIVIV C'OWl-AJMT.
(PACiriO STSTUtO
Tvtttna lonvo nud are «In* »• »rrl»« ai
MAM Kit A XV I *««».
(lla'.n Line. Foot of Market Street.)
IKati — ?nou Die iv Bin 1. 1900. — a»«tb
•7j«0a Benlda, BuUun, Elinira, V»ea»lllo,
Rumsey and t)»or»inento *7:43r
•?:««? Ehutm Bxpreu— DktU. Williams (t or
. Uartlett Spring*). Willows. Bad
Blufl. FortUnd. »7i«»
•7«aOAM»xtiiier.8»nlUmon.V»lIe3o,N«pa,
C&llstoea and Santa How •Otl»t
•8:00a Datia, Woodlaud. Knights Lauding.
M»rys»ille. Orotllle_ «7i«I»
• »:OO» Atlantio Kipresa — Ogden and Raet *Si4H#
•StOWA. Nile*. IilTermore, Tracy. I-athicp,
Stockton •7il8»
•¦i3Ua Sau Juae, Llvermore, Htocktmi,
k lout, Haoramsuta PUo»r»Ule,
M»rjiTlllo, Chioo. ReriHIurr MilSr
•Mian* O»kil»>, Chinese, rtonora. Caxtsn... *-tiiSr
••iniit Hajwarda. Nile* mod War St.tlon.. *l I :*•¦»»
•U:iiui Los Angeles Express — Murtlnex,
Trac;, LaUiroi*. rttocitou, M»roed
Freino and Loi Ancles •7iI3r
•U:XOa Vallrjo, Martinr £ anil Way Sta'.Iom *fti4»r
•miiiiiu Tb« O»erUnd Limited— Ogden. Dan-
ier, Oiiiilii. Chicago ••:*»*
•II tO» A. Nilea. Stockton. MacraniFnto. Mao.
(lota. Fresao, Hanford. Vhalla,
ForterTllle MilBp
•11:80a Lhermore. 8aag«. Go»hen Junc-
tioo. Bakenaeld, Los Angeles
tl:O'»r CmtiiiiwiIk IC[.«rSK>«u.m« tSiOO*
•:t:o«p Hajwardii, NU«s and Way Statlnna. *3i-t.tp
•4:»«r Miu'tiuoz, Hai> Itamou. •Vallaju,
Nup«. C'allKtoKa. SauU Itnia •UllS*
*4t«»r BeulcU, Winton. Hacramsnto,
VVui»ll!>ii<l, KiilgliU lADdioC
M»r/KTlllc OroTilla •*m:4ti»
<4snnpHaywaT<3a. MletiKud RuJom ?¦:«*a
•3:O»f Nhns. Lirennore and Stockton * I»:15a
«5:u0p tJuoaet Limited, £] I'amo. New
Orleans and East c10:I3a
•3: <M)p Tin Owl Umlted- Tn», Fresno.
. Hakeradeld. Maugua for Uauta Bar-
bara. U.5 ADK^lea. *l«ilSa
•SiOOp New Orleaoa Kipresa — tlakorstialil.
•Santa Rarbaia, Los Angeles. Dem-
inr, £1 Paio, New Orleans aud
• Rait '7I4SA
•»:OOp Hay wards, Nilenavd Han Joae *7i !••>*'
•tttlOOp Vallejo « *• !?«»*
•»iO«p Oriental Mail— Ogden. Cbeyenna.
Omalia, Chicago *2i«.1p
•0:««r Oriental -Mall-Ogdec, Denver,
Omaba, Chicvcn *1:l3r
•7:OOp Orogon and California ttxprmM.Maa.
nunauto. Msrj.fllle. lt-.l.liii«.
1'urtUiul. l'ugat aoiind and Kaak *Si43a
¦SiOSpSan Fablo. Purk Costa. Martin**
and Way Htatlona *11>43a
tS'OSf Vallfjn , «Ht4aA
COAST DIVISION (.Nnrroir «i« B go).
' (Foot ot Market Street.*
•»>I»A Newaxk.Centeriille.fiauJoae. Fwlton.
Boulder Creek, Sao ta Otmi and Way
Station* »«il»p
ftilSp Newark. C«uter»lll«. rlan Joae, New
Almaden, Fs! ton. Moulder Creak.
Hanta Cnn aud l"iincipal Way
Stations fl<».HO»
MilBr Newark, 8ao Jose, LosGatos "SiiO*
aO'uOu Hnnters' Excursion, San Josa aad
WayBUtions I?»a»r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rraaSlK MMOISCO— r«t *f Mtrktt Stn.t (Stij 81—
T7:15- 9:00 ll:00».M. 1:03 2:33 B'CJr.M.
rfiaOllUlB— riil«rjte«dwij.— fM« U-.OO t3KM
| 10:80i.ii. 11:03 3:03 4:03 *8:03p.m.
COAST III VISION' (Kroaddaage).
(ThlrJ »nd Townaend 8ts.)
t«ilU\ Ocean View, South Han Frandaoo.. 4<l:S*r
*7i00a Han Joas and Way StaUous (New
Almaden Wednesdays ouly) •!«¦•»
•••••a Nan Joaa. Tres l'liioa. SanU Crira. . * ~ .
Paeido (ir.iTB. Taao Uablea. San
I.ula Obiapo, Surf. Loopoe and
l'rlndpal Way Stattnns Milajp
•IOiIOa Ban Joeo and Way Htttlona •Iis.Ia
•I1i3Ua 8a» Joas and Wai Stations •8i8«)r
tai-iSp San Mateo. Itedwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Ban Joas.
Tres Finos. Kauta Cruz, Salinas,
• - Monterey and raelfle Grove fl«i»«A
f3:30p San Jose and Way Stations *?s3"p
M:iap San Joaeaud Principal Way StaUous •11:45a
j.VOOrSun Joae, Los Catos and Principal
Way Stations «9sOOa
°S:S«p San Joae aud Prlnoipal Way Stations *»tS3A
•<I::ti»p Sail Jose am! Way Stations |S:OOa
all:45p 3an Jo»b and Way Statlom *?;30p
A (or Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Daily. t .Sunday exroptad. ! iluudar or.ljr.
q Mondays, Wedneadaya, Fridays.
e Tuesday*, Thuradaja, Sandaya.
. a Satardajr_onlx.
CALIFORNIA N»RTBWESTEBN RY. CO.
LE3SSE3E3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBURON FERRY— FOOT OK MARKET 3T.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. s»:00. 11:00 a- m. ; 12:13. 1:10.
6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:3')
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:30 and
11:30 p. m.
SUXDAYS-S:C0. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:<0, 5:M.
. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6.10. 7:60, »:Z0, U:10 a. m.; 11:43.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:H
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8.-10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. J:4», 5:0S.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schaetzen Park.
same schedule aa above.
Leave I In Effect { Arrive
San Francisco, f Nov. 7. 1900. 1 San Francisco.
Week j Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato., 10:40am l:4«ain
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:0 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
GeyEerville,
»:S0 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland I I
I 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:23 pm
7:30 ami 10:23 sun
I 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm| «:H pm
7:20 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 prn! 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:33 pm
Stapes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurta: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; it
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the G»ysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad, Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Delt Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley*s. Bucknell's.
Eanhedrln Heights. HullviUe. Oil's Hot Springs.
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal,
Willets, Laytonvile. Cummtngs. Bell's Springs.
Harris, Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
- On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
ticket office. 650 Market St.. Chronicle build-
ing. R. X RYAN.
H. C. WHITTNO. , Gen. Pass. Agt.
Gen. Manager.
NORTH PACiFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallta F«rrv.
Commencing September 30. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
; • AND SAN RAFAEL.
-' WEEK DAYS— 4:55. "9:15. 11:00 a. m.. »1:4S
3:15, 4:00. 5:15, *fi:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m. , ¦ -
SUNDAYS— '3:00. »10:00. »ll:30 a. m.. •1:15.
8:15. *4:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20. *l:ZH. 7:43. 8:30 a. m..
•12:30. 1:45. *3:30. 4:30, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS- on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:20. *8:00, 'ViM. 'llMS a. m..
*l:40. "2:1s. 4:45. »6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) etart from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
.WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. 9:30 a. m..
12:S5, 2:10. 3:20, 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdaya
tnd Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15, 3:10
5:00. 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations.
1:45 p. in. Saturdays— Tomales and way
stations.
[ 8:00 a. m. Sundays — Tomales and war
l stations.
10:25 am
I 6:23 pro
KAILKOAB TRAVEL.
7:13 pm|
The California Limited
starts for Chicago over the Santa Fe and gets
there on the third day — 75 hours. I
Everything on this train is real. j;;|
Begins January 1st. ]|!Kdmond - Rostand. ' the famous French
novelist, owes his poor health largely to
his hard work. He writes nearly all the
day and far into the nlcht.
Dr. JV P. Dunn Returns.
OAKLAND ;~T* Dec. . 24.— Dr. .James P.
Dunn has v returned ¦-, from - a tour of»Eu
rope, having spent much time In the grreat
hosnitals of the, Continent and England.
Cows In Belgium wear earrings. This Is
In accordance with the law. which de
crees that every animal of the bovine spe
cies, when it has attained the age of three
months, must have In its ears a ring, to
which Is attached a metal tag bearing a
exact record of the number of animals
raised each year:?«a£U|j|ay
That Senate "customs rarely change Is
shown by the two old-fashioned snuff
boxes In that chamber. They are as care
fully filled to-day $s In the days when it
was the fashion to "snuff." Few of the
present • members use the boxes, • though
occasionally one of the older Southern
members will go up, take 'a "pinch, and
calmly await the sneeze.
Badly Hurt in - Saloon Row.
, OAKLAND, . Dec. a drunken
brawl last nlgnt In anrEmeryvllle saloon,
William Malone,' a horseshoer at the race
track, was knocked down and .badly In
jured; by • William Harmon, also, a"srace
trace employe. • Malone - ¦was beaten on
the head with a file and may have sus
tained a fractured skull. His condition
Is serious. v. ' <': ¦
Joseph Jefferson J»ay» that when an
actor Is young failure doesn't affect him
much; but when- he reaches the. time of
life that Mr. Jefferson has attained, fail
ure would be more than unbearable. * This
is the Jefferson reason for producing no
new plays. . ; . ¦. ;\ ¦ •
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— Alice Nellsen ap
peared to-night In ,"The Fortune Teller."
with her large company at the . Mac-
Donough } Theater. * . To-morrow evening
Bhe will present "The Singing Girl."
Alice Nielsen in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Dec 24.— Free delivery was
established to-day by the postal depart
ment for Golden Gate and Alden. Five
carriers will be put on at once.
Improved Delivery Service.
OAKLAND, Dec 24.— Herbert S. McFar
lln a newspaper .man', of this '. city. . and
jliss Elsie L. Howard will be married at
noon to-morrow at the residence of the
bride's sister on Valdez street. Rev. A.
j Needbam will officiate.
Newspaper Man to Wed.
BERKELEY. Dec. 24.-A burglar at
tempted to break, into the residence of
H. -. \W- Reddan. 1S36 Haste street, this
morning at 3 o'clock. Alias Louise Red
dan was awakened by the sound of the
prowler's Jimmy* working at the window
casing. ¦ She arose and ran to the win
dow and frightened the thief away. • Be
fore she could arouse other members of
the family the burglar had disappeared '
Girl Frightens Burglar.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— The proposed
watch meeting for the benefit o* the Red
Cross Society has been given up. Mrs.
Isaac Regna, who had the matter In
charge baa announced that no suitable
place for holding the affair could be ob
tained on New Year's eve.
Bed Cross Watch Meeting Off.
GUNBOAT OOMMANDEB
ANNEXES AN ISLAND
Iteeently Discovered by a Norwegian
and lying Between Philippines
and Carolines.
LONDON 1 . Dec 25.— A dispatch to the
¦Standard from Berlin says that Captain
Eaxeraard. a Norwegian, has discovered
nnd named after himself an hitherto un
known Island in the Pacific Ocean, lying
Jn latitude 2 degrees 4 minutes north and
longitude 135 degrees 30 minutes eaxt, be
tween the Philippine and Caroline groups.
It is stated that an American gunboat
commander has annexed the island, which
«**-m» to be richly wooded " and very
fertile.
Knocked Down by a Wagon.
Mrs. Kate Gilllck, residing at 224 Taylor
•treet, was knocked down by a wagon
Tvbile crossing Market street at its junc
tion with Sixth yesterday and sustained
injuries which were treated at the Re
reiving: Hospital by Dr. Putnam -for a
broken hand and several abraJsed wounds
of the head and face. August Cardenlti.
driver of the wagon, waa arrested and
chareed with batten'.
The T7nlt«<! States will firs a thon—nd-poqna
¦hot twenty mllea, which will b» a record
breaker for the distance. The ran from which
It U to be fired will be a model of American
Ingenuity and workmanship. Another marvel
oZ American Ingenuity la Hostetter*a Stomach
Bitters. Tor fifty years It haa been the only
medicine to cure constipation. Indigestion, dys
pept'.a,' biliousness, ar.d by lu direct action oa
th* kidneys prerents rH«*unattsm.
Fire a Shot 20 Jdiles.
John H. Smith, post commander; R7 H.
Woodruff, senior vice post commander; Joseph
Sin-on. Junior vice post commander; J. A. Col
quhoun, quartermaster; Rev. • James Curry,
D.D.; chaplain ;> John A. Robinson, Burgeon,
W. A. Adame. officer of the day; Otis A. Alien,
officer of the guard; John Kaighan, G. A.
Norton, C. "K. King and J. Winkles, council of
administration. - / jff WH'OiaSWWHIChaE"-.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— Lyon Post -No. 8.
G A. R. , will install the following- named
new officers on New Year's night:
New Grand Army Officers.
The difference between raetim* and
Wagnerian opera is that one appeals rr>
the people and the other appeals to the
purse.
The Unite* States Go-verm
more than $10,000,000 a year in
the Indians.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— Marshall Davonst
will not be compelled to await the action
of the Alameda Board of Trustees on his
claim for damages for the accidental elec
trocution of his wife before bringing suit
in the Superior Court.
Judge Ogden decided to-day, that the
board could not by delaying action on
DavouEt's claim force him to let his suit
be outlawed by the statute of limita
tions. The case will come up before Judge
Greene after the holidays.
Davoust Wins a Point
In opposition to the determined vegeta
rians, who condemn all animal food, there
is a growing number of physiologists in
Germany who insist that abstention from
meat, if continued for age* and genera
tions. Is responsible for the feebleness and
low Intellect of certain races.
O4.KLAND. Dec. 24. — Richard Hutchin
t,on* released from one marriage last Sat
urday, will wed again to-morrow. Hutch
lnson's escape from matrimonial obliga
tions does not rank as a divorce, the court
having severed his bonds on the ground
that he was tricked into assuming them
by bis last wife. To-morrow he will
marry Miss Teresa Nlcoll.
Remarried 'Within Four Days.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— Vlctorine Martin,
whose husband Joseph is. suing her for
divorce, has been granted alimony pend-
n This ruling was brought about by the
showing of the defendant that immedi
ately prior to the filing of the suit her
husband had brutally beaten her.. She
will file a cross-complaint.
Plaintiff Must Pay Alimony.
The pomp and splendor with which wed
dings are Invested by German peasants
haTO recently been illustrated in the vil
lage of Mehmke, on the occasion of the
marriage of a rich farmer and the daugh
ter of a neighboring land owner. Six hun
dred guests were invited to th» weddln?
breakfast, to Drovida which four oxen.
four pigs, eight calve* and many dozen*
of fowls were slaughtered. A thousand
large cakes were eaten and six tons of
beer and some hundreds of bottle* cf
wine were emptied. The feasting contin
ued for two days. Every guest, be It re
membered, brought, according to custom,
his or her own knife and fork and servi
ette. — London Mail.
A Great Wedding Breakfast.
"Well, who'd 'a thought that Abe Lin
coln would be strutting around the streets
vith a diamond pin in hia shirt front!"
exclaimed Moyers in mock surprise.':
Lincoln ' looked vaguely abashed and
tried to explain. The explanation ended
by. his taking the pin from his shirt and
pinning it on Moyers, insisting as he did
so that he did not want It and was only
too anxious to get rid of It. - Moyers kept
the ornament for some- time -and finally
gave it to a friend, James Drummond.
Drummond was captured during the war
by the Federals and died at Fort Monroe.
In 1866 a sale of his property and personal
effects took place at Barnewell, S. C.
Among the latter was the pin that had be
longed to Lincoln. Colonel .Cave bought
it for a small sum. He knew its history
•and 'prizes the relic highly. — Atlanta Con
stitution. - . . •
Lincoln was naturally a man of quiet
taste in matters of dress and seldom wore
Jewelry of any kind. However, his acci
dental possession of a fine ornament
proved a temporary temptation to adorn
himself. One day James Moyers, a stock
dealer of Kentucky and a close personal
friend of Mr. Lincoln, who- had known
him intimately . from childhood, went to
Springfield on a visit. As soon as he saw
Lincoln the pin attracted his attention.
Colonel W. N.' Cave of r Barnewell, S. C..
who is now in Atlanta on business, is in
possession of a unique relic in the shape
of a diamond pin which was at one time
the property of Abraham Lincoln, and
which is the only piece of jewelry of the
kind that President Lincoln ever wore.
The pin Is of the old-fashioned style of
cluster brooches, with a clasp at the back
for the purpose . of • securing it to the
frilled shirt fronts worn by gentlemen
fifty years ago. The center diamond is a
large, particularly white one, and it-. Is
surrounded by a number of smaller bril
liants.
The pin has a strange history. Some
years before the war and prior to the
time that Abraham "Lincoln was begin
ning to loom up as a Presidential possi
bility, while practicing law In Illinois he
met a young dandy /rom New York State
whose sporting proclivities had caused
him to run short of funds. The young
fellow went to Lincoln for assistance, and
left with him as security for a loan a
handsome diamond pin. For some reason
he never returned to redeem the pledge,
and from that day Lincoln did not again
see him.
and How He Disposed of It.
How Lincoln Came to Wear the Jewel
HIS ONLY DIAMOND PUT.
"That describes them exactly, and I am
certain tho poem must have been Inspired
by a California livery stable. Wars may
rage and thrones may decay, and Mao
may annex the Filipinos or tell them to
go to thunder— but nothing will ever dis
turb the grand serenity of that group at
the front door. I think it very nnkind of
fate that I should have become a hard
working professional man. I -would have
made a superb ornament for one of those
cane-bottomed chairs." — New Orleans
Times-Democrat.
"I have always envied those men who
Bit In front of livery stables," said a citi
zen who admits that ha is constitutionally
lazy.
"That seems to me a beautiful life. It
must bo one long, sweet song, as the poet
puts it. I have never known any of
them personally," he continued, sighing,
"but I have watched them all my life,
and they fill me with a yearning to be a
livery stable man. When I was a boy I
had to pass a larre livery stable on my
way to school. It had an immense double
door, which was never closed, and inside
waa a cool, dim vista of stalls and buggies
In rows. Four men were always seated
at the threshold, tilted back in cane-bot
tomed chairs. They were large, well-fed,
contented-looking men, and what im
pressed me particularly was their air of
placid abstraction. They* never said any
thing to one another, but sat there calmlv
gazing into space and chewing straws. I
remember distinctly that . the sight of
them always filled me with rebellion
against "work and made my school tasks
seem all the more abhorrent. I had an
almost irreslstlblo inclination to chuck
my books into the gutter, seize a cane
bottomed chair and .a straw and become
a livery stable man myself.
"I have never got rid of that feeling-,"
the lazy citizen went on. lighting his pipe,
"and the strange part about It Is this: In
all the years that have gone by that group
at the big dcor has never changed, and.
moreover, it Isn't peculiar to any one
stable. It Is common to them all. Go
where you will, whenever you encounter
a livery stable you will invariably find
four large, well-fed, contented-looklnc
men tilted back In cane-bottomed chairs
at the entrance, chewing straws and gaz
ing Into 'space. They always look exactly
alike and never get any older or any
younger. It is my private belief that they
are immortal, and I have never asked any
questions because I don't waiit to run the
risk of shattering a beautiful Ideal. What
1$ It that Bret Harte says about fian,
Francisco—
Ser-no. lmmutabJa am fata.
Thou sit teat at the Western rate.
Sit in Front of Livery Stables.
The Unbroken Serenity of Men Who
NOT THE STRENUOUS T.rit'H,
Horse's Skull.
A born* which was attached to a de
livery wacon and left unhitched near th«
corner of Powell and California street
made a wild run down the steep grade of
the latter thoroughfare at about 1 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. On reaching the
croFFinj? cf Kfarny Ftreet the now thor
oughly frightened animal, by a miracle,
escaped knocking down several people. In
front of the California Market he collided
vith another horse.
The runaway was thrown, but was soon
en Its feet again, apparently none the
¦worse for Its exciting: experience.
The other horse did not fare so well.
Though it managed to hold Its feet, an
examination showed that the poor beast's
legr was broken. A large crowd had col
lected and Policeman Reade 'was called
*:pon to kill the horse, to end its misery.
The officer was equipped with a 32-cali
ber revolver of the pattern which was re
cently decided upon as the regulation pis
tol of the Police Department. The officer
drew his weapon and fired, but the crip
pled beast remained standing. Again
Bead; pulled the trigger, aiming at a spot
In the center of the skull, but with no
better success. After a third shot had
been fired a man in the crowd found the
bullet on the rim of his hat and handed
It to the offlcer.
Reade then called Offlcer Georre I>ou&
lass, who with one shot from hi* 41-calt
ber pistol killed the still Fuffertng- ani
mal. The horse belonged to Joseph J.
.Karen, the stableman, and was valued at
fioo:
Three Bullets From a Policeman's
Weapon Fail to Penetrate a
SHOTS FBOM REGULATION
PISTOL HAVE NO EFFECT
Lord Beresford Improving.
IjO'SDO'S, Dec. 24. — It Is announced that
'l»rd William Beresford'a condition this
evening showed continuing improvement.
CHICAGO. Dec. 24.-Ralph B. Brownell,
vice president of the Brownell Improve
ment Company, filed a petition in bank
ruptcy to-day. Liabilities $163,000. assets
$15 000. Mrs. Hetty Green of New York
is one of tbe creditors.
Brownell Bankrupt.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— The United States
Supreme Court to-day advanced two more cases
irvclving the question of the relationship be
tween th* United States and their insular pos
scrrelons to be heard on the 7th of January-
There are now eight of these canes set for that
date. One of the cases advanced to-day lrt
vefvet the collection of duties on gooda im
ported from Hawaii.
SONORA. Ky.. Dec. 24.— An unsuccessful at
tf-mnt was made to-day to rob the Bonora De
pr*lt Bank. The would-be robbers were evi
dently frlgrhtened away before they »ucceed«Hi
in forcing an entrance to the safe. They left
all their tools lying near the vault. The bank
official* were unable to open the vaults this
morning' and business was suspended for the
d*y.
NEW tJLM, Minn., Dec. 24.— An express car
sttachrt to a Minneapolis and 8t. Louis train
v ae burned last night near Searles, seven miles
fiT.m here. The car was heavily loaded with
Chrixtma* goods and most of it» contents were
destroyed. The orisrln of tlie fire is not known.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Dec. 24.— A source of
railway information in thU city, hitherto re
ltcble. It authority for the statement that the
stock of the Cloverleaf is being purchased by
the heavy holders of Canadian Pacific inter
est*, and that the Canadian Faclflc will soon
have possession of the road.
SHEBOTGAN'. Mich.. I>ec. 24.— John Hawes.
William Campbell an<i Ernest Marquette, em
ployes at McCarthy's lumber camp, while
crossing the ice on Mullet I^ake. twelve miles
from here. Sunday afternoon broke through the
K-e and were drowned.
WASHINGTON, TVc. 24.— The monthly state
ment of the collection of Internal revenues
shews that during November, 1900. the total
recelptt were $25.344,2S5. an Increase an com
pared with November last year of IS&6.S51.
CARACAS. Venezuela. Deo. 24.— The Arch
bishop of Caracas has been excluded from re
ligious functions owing to illness and mental
trouble.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— After banding
down a number of opinions toaay, the United
States Supreme Court adjourned until Jan
uary 7.
PORT AU PIUXCE, Hayti. D«c. 24.— There
was a strong earthquake shock here to-day, but
po damage was done.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24— Mrs. W. J. Warren,
of 1014 Eighteenth street, reported to the
police to-day the burglary of a watch and
several smaller pieces of jewelry. The
thieves entered the house some tlm last
Saturday. ._.;;.
Daylight Burglary.
vices will be held to-morrow at St.
Mark's Episcopal Church on Bancroft
way -and at St. Joseph's Catholic Church
on Addison street. Both houses of God
have been beautifully decorated for wor-
Bhip on the holy day. Special music will
be sung at each church.
Nine masses will be celebrated at St.
Joseph's at the following morning hours:
6 o'clock, 6:30, 6, 6:30, 7:15, 8, 9:15. 9:45 and
10:45. At 9:16 o'clock children's mass w.ll
be held. The service will be sung in
L.atln by the pupils of St. Joseph's School.
High mass will be celebrated at 10:45
o'clock. The Rev. Father O'Riordan and
the Rev. Father Cantwell will conduct the
services. Holy communion will be cele
brated at St. Mark's at 6 a. in., 8 a. m.
and 11 a. m. The 6 o'clock service will ue
with music and the 8 o'clock service wlth
cut music. At the 11 .o'clock service the
following quintet will assist the regular
vested choir of men and boys: Mrs. H. 8.
Parsons, Boprano; Mrs. H. Q. Van Sant,
contralto; Whitney Palache, first tenor;
Charles Marton, second tenor; J. C.
Wilder, bass.
This • evening at 7:30 o'clock Christmas
carols were sung by the children of the
Church.
Episcopal and Catholic Churches to
Celebrate the Holy Day With
Communion and Masses.
BERKELEY, Dec 24.— Christmas ser-
WILL HOLD SPECIAL
SERVICES CHRISTMAS
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— The bids for the
new concrete, culvert over San Leandro
Creek at the town of Sa.n Leandro were
opened at the meeting of the board this
morning and showed a wide variation In
figures. They were as follows: Cotton
Brothers. $32,000; G. L. Nusbaumer. $36,
150; F. D. Elwell, $25,000; J. G. McMillan
$25,150; W. F. Boardman, $24,500; J. B Mc-
Math, $17,000;' J. W. Miller, four struc
tures, one for $12,240, one for $9000. one for
$9*70 and one for $S600; G. F. Allardt.
$19,803.
Wide Difference in Bids.
POINT RICHMOND; Dec. 24.— Mrs. Her
man Stendel, wife of the missing owner
of the sloop Lulu, "visited the boat of mys
tery to-day in company with B. 12.
Loomis.
The distracted woman Identified the lit
tle craft and recognized many familiar
articles ! aboard, 1 including the dresses
which she said were her own. The most
thorough search, however, failed to un
cover anything that would lead to the
whereabouts of her husband. Mrs. Sten
del said:
"I am fully satisfied that my husband,
was accidentally drowned. He was due
at homo in San Francisco on Saturday. I
believe he might have been knocked over
board by a swinging boom, or he might
have slipped and fell from the deck. He
had no companions on his trips and I
know of nothing about him or his affairs
that could have prompted anyone to
murder him. Now I can oply wait for the
bay to pive up his body.
Mrs. Stendel will . be given possession
of the boat as soon a3 she can arrange to
have It moved. The laborers who found
it will be amply recompensed. :
board by . the
Boom.
Declares Her Belief That Her Hus
band Was Knocked Over-
MRS. STENDKL IDENTIFIES
THE SLOOP OF MYSTERY
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— The County Board
of Education has granted certificates to
teach to the following named applicants:
Grammar grrade— J. Hal Cope, Pleasanton;
Miss M. Fay Snow, Oakland; Mrs. Josie C.
Hearsey, Fruitvale; Miss Lucy Agar,
Oakland. Primary grade— Mrs. Dicey A.
Maloon, East Oakland.
Teachers' Certificates Granted.
Many spellbinders have false teeth, and
unless the plates fit well there Is liable to
be trouble when they soar into the realms
of enthusiastic oratpry. An annoying, yet
amusing. Incident occurred the other day
to J. Leslie Gossin while addressing an,
audience on the Bowery. Mr. Gossin la
an actor, a teacher of elocution and a fine
speaker. Conversing with a friend, he
complained that he suffered a good deal
of trouble because bis false teeth plate
frequently fell when he waa apeakinsr
loudly.
"That's easily remedied," replied his
friend.
"Howr*
"Get som» rum and sprinkle & few
drops on the plate and put it in position
again."
The gum was procured, but Mr, Gossin,
made the mistake of applying so much of
it to the plate that before he had been
speaking ten minutes the gum had scat
tered about hi3 mouth so that his lips.
except in one small spot, were almost
sealed. Mr. Gossin had to stop speaklr.;.—
New Tork Times.
Spell on the Spellbinder.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— The case of Will
iam Coburn vs. Thomas Lottridge, in
which the Jockey sues the horseman to
have an alleged illegal contract annulled
will, be submitted on briefs. Lottridge's
attorneys appeared in court this morning
and argued the motion for a dissolution
of the injunction forbidding their client
from preventing Coburn from riding other
mounts than his own. The court denied
the motion. Coburn's attorney was . in
structed to amend his complaint bo as to
Indicate the fact that the jockey's father
,is not living, and also to make out the
complaint in the name of Mrs. Coburn.
Coburn Case Submitted on Briefs.
Woodward said:' "He did not beat me,
but you ask the others. Mackinnon put
up $20. Arthur Holland was Infatuated,
and, if Colonel McKillican did not part
with. a double eagle, he was lucky."
¦ Mackinnon said: "The Colonel didn't
reach me, but you see Woodward. He was
willing to bet a month's commissions the
Colonel was OK."
Mrs. Ada R. Harris, at whose lodging
house, 566 Eleventh street. Colonel Pow
ers had a room, said:
"It seemed very odd that bo wealthy a
man should have a little coffee pot in his
room and live on coffee and doughnuts,
but he said he couldn't stand restaurant
fare. He said he was going to send for a
foster-daughter, whom he had found In
the wilds of Mexico, and who now re
ceived $1000 a month from him. The Col
onel paid his room rent of $3 and disap
peared after telling me he had bought a
$75,000 lot."
The story runs that Frank J. Wood
ward, W. H: Mackinnon, Arthur Hol
land and Colonel Robert McKillican all
knew the dapper colonel to their sorrow.
Colonel Powers came to town a week
ago, made quick connections with leading
firms,- passed- the word along that he had
13,000,000, made in the southern republic
mines, and waa going to Invest H.000,000 in
Oakland. Colonel Powers- likewise told
some rare stories of the days when he
fought under Colonel Jack Hays In the
Texas Rangers, and how he drove the
Mexicans across the Rio Grande.
Colonel John Powers, alleged millionaire
from Mexico, is among the missing, and
half a dozen prominent dealers in Oak
land realty wonder whether all of their
drives, dinners, theater parties, small
"bots" and small loans have been wasted.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Dec. 24.
Drops Into Town With Mil
lions in His Mind and
Drops Out.
MEXICAN CROESUS
FOOLS OAKLANDERS
The Merchants' Loan and Trust Com
pany and the Public Administrator are
rivals for the handling of the large estate
of the late Charles W. Fullerton. The es
tate has been placed at a valuation of $3,
000.000, but the petition of the trust com
pany for letters of administration sched
ules property as follows: Real estate,
$750,000; personal property, $500,000. Total.
$1,200,000.
It is understood the grantors in the sev
eral deeds filed will have to establish In
the probate court their titles to the prop
erty and the interests they have so trans
ferred. As these heirs are non-residents,
it is expected some nice legal points will
be raised in the courts before their right
to name an administrator is established. .
CHICAGO. Dec. 24.— All claims In Inter
est In the estate of the late Charles -.W.
Fullerton have been concentrated In Miss
Mattle Hill, half-sister of the decedent,
as the daughter of his father's second
wife. The concentration was effected by
means of a number of deeds filed for rec
ord to-day, in which the heirs at law of
the estate transfer their Interests to Miss
Hill. These deeds, however, it is under
stood, do not relieve the heirs at law of
the necessity of proving their several
claims to the estate, and do not in any
degree interfere with the legal process
commenced in the probate court to-day,
when the heirs at law made application to
Judge Cutting to have the Merchants'.
i./oan and Trust Company appointed ad
ministrators for the estate.
Fullerton to Inherit*
His Estate.
1 ¦¦mi ....¦¦¦¦ ip
Half-Sister of Charles W.
THREE MILLIONS
FOR MISS HILL
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
.1118 Broadway. Dec. 24.
Captain William S. Thaxter, at one time
a prominent mariner and pilot of San
Francisco, was returned to-day from this
city to the State hospital at Agnews, from
which institution he was released on
parole several weeks ago. Captain Thax
ter became mentally unsound last March
and was committed to the hospital from
San Francisco. His tendencies were to
violence.
His relatives '.were anxious to care for
him outside if his condition permitted, and
friends have been very solicitous for the
afflicted mariner's condition. Captain
Taylor of 220 Durant- street has given spe
cial attention to Captain Thaxter, but on
Saturday was compelled- to make a re
quest upon the authorities to again take
charge of the captain because he had be
come unmanageable. Mrs. Thaxter, who
resides at 1625 Seventh- avenue, was
compelled to join In the request, fearing
her demented husband would either injure
himself or those who were trying to care
for him.
' Captain Thaxter by some unknown way
learned of his friends' movements. He
hired a couple of bodyguards and went to
San Francisco, declaring that he was the
victim of a plot to railroad him to a mad
house." During his stay there the patient
became violent and his hired guards fled.
Thaxter wrote a long letter to Chief of
Police Hodgkins bewailing his fate and
reiterating his delusions about "railroad
ing."
After a forty-eight hours' search Thax
ter was found in a Washington-street
lodging house. He made no resistance to
the officers, who took him to the deten
tion ward at the Receiving Hospital. The
mental disturbance has also been, accom
panied by a serious physical crippling
from rheumatism.
Captain Thaxter has considerable prop
erty. He is being given the best of care
at Agnews.
Crazed Mariner Drives Off
Men He Hired for His
Protection.
SCARES AWAY HIS
TWO BODYGUARDS
SOME OF THE LITTLE CAROL
ERS AND THE LADIES WHO
TAUGHT THEM.
These are the carolera who were for
merly under the care of Miss Jean Hush
and during the time she drilled them they
earned a wide reputation for themselves
and their leader. They have caroled on
Christmas eve and Christmas morning for
several seasons.
their Christmas tree has been made
ready. In this party will be Helen Plaw.
Arthur Daws on, Emelle Harrold. Lloyd
Albright, Susie Harrold. Taylor Albright.
Louise Boyd, "Warren Harrold,. Ilmla
Jones, Boyd Harrold, Gilbert Jones, Alice
Albright, Georgie Marwedel, Letcher Al
bright. "Walter Hush. Valentine Hush.
Fannie Plaw, Madlln Clay, Lottie Tomis,
Cecil Harrold. Minnie Corria Catherine
Hanson, Freddie Hanson. Charles King,
Alice Glen, Jessie Glen. Pearl King,
Charles HIggins and Will Hlgglns.
The temperance people see nothing
hopeful in this unexpected delay, as the
majority of the Trustees have declared
they would enact the ordinance, happen
what may.
"The ordinance as it stands now is cer
tainly illegal and cannot be taken up until
printed twice correctly as required by
law."
"There is no doubt in my mind," said
Trustee R. C. Staats, "that the chango
was made by some one who knew what
he was doing. '*,
President marston was ' likewise con
vinced that the matter was very irreg
ular. • • -
"I believe that this change has been
made on purpose," declared Trustee C.
Hoff. "I have no proof of it, but there
can be no excuse for such a mistake."
BERKELEY, Dec. 24.— Four Town Trus
tees were ready to-night to put to final
passage the ordinance to permit licensing
of saloons. Then.- the quartet made the
discovery that an error in the publication
of the ordinance in the town official paper
prevented them from enacting the law,
and they hurled charges of deliberate Job
bery at B. F. Arnold, manager of the pa
per, and declared he had willfully caused
the mistake, which compels a republlca
tion and delays the final passage of the
license ordinance until Friday night. A
special meeting for that purpose was
called for that time. *
The official paper is the daily Gazette^
which has fought the new ordinance bit
terly. Manager Arnold was not present
at to-night's meeting, and was therefore
unable to explain the situation which en
raged the Trustees. The first publication
of the ordinance last Friday was correct.
It occupied more than two columns. In
Saturday's ,Issue an advertisement had
been inserted at the bottom of the first
column and the section of the ordinance
occupying that space had been placed at
the bottom of the second column instead
of at the top. No one had noticed the
change until Trustee E. O. Turner arrived
at the meeting and informed his fellow
Trustees. Town Attorney B. A. Hayne
said:
Passage of Saloon License
Ordinance Delayed
Through Error.
TRUSTEES WROTH
AT ALLEGED TRICK
The Fruitvale children composing Miss
Violet Albright's well-trained group will
take their big coach-and-slx at the Al
bright residence, East , Oakland, where
they ¦ rendezvous. They will serenade
many^ residences In Fruitvale and will
be tendered an early breakfast at Arbor
Villa, the palatial Smith residence, at 4
o'clock. The villa has been elaborately
decorated in readiness for the children's
reception. From Arbor Villa the carolera
will be driven to the Albright home, where
Lll Me Isaacs and Cordle Bishop; Messrs.
Walter Bakewell, Arthur Kales, Parker
Holt. Jim Kenna. Rudolph Schilling. Ned
Beck, Seymour Holt, Seymour Phelan,
George Davis, Day Baxter, Howard Bax
ter and Harold Baxter.
The armament of the Macdonough will
consist of four fourteen-pounder, three
inch rapid-fire guns and three slx-pound
ers. The fourteen-pounders will be placed
one on top of the forward tower anO three
on the center line of the vessel. One six
pounder will be located on each side of
the fcrward tower and the other will be
on the after bridge. The two eighteen-
Inch torpedo tubes are located in the
stern. The cost.ls $281,000.
The outer hull Is of half-inch steel
plates. This s?hell would be pierced if
struck by a projectile. The vessel, how
ever. Is built with twelve separate water
tight compartments. There are two con
ning towers. Accommodations are ¦ pro
vided for a crew of eighty officers and
men. The ship presents the innovation of
having the officers' quarters forward,
and those of the crew aft. Underneath
the living deck and forward of the boiler
i? a water-tight deck. The engines will
rive tbe Macdonough a speed of thirty
knots.
EAST BRAINTREE, Mass., Dee. 24.-
The torpedo boat destroyer, Macdonough
was launched at the works of the Fore
River Iron Company to-day, amid the
ringing of bells and the blowing of
whistles. Mrs. Lucy Charlotte Macdon
ough Reade. of Philadelphia christened the
vessel with champagne. The new boat
was taken down the river to the Quincy
works of the company.
There were very few of the long list of
invited guests who remained over from
Saturday to witness the launching to-day.
Lieutenant Gustave Kaemmerling, engi
neer of the Olympla during Dewey's bat
tle of Manila Bay. was present.
The Macdonough. which has been in the
course of construction during the past six
months, has aroused great interest
among naval men because it is of a
new type, and is to be one of a fleet of
fifty craft of the same kind. The length
of "the boat is 242 feet, while the entire
breadth of beam is only 22 feet. The ves
sel is fourteen feet deep from deck to
keel and has a displacement of 470 toYis.
6he draws six feet eight inches of water.
No part of the Macdonough is armored
ea ve the forward conning towers, which
are covered with" three-quarter-inch nickel
steel.
The engines are protected only by the
coal bunkers, which extend for 100 feet
amidships on either side, and which have
a capacity for 150 tons of coal, sufficient
to provide a spted of fourteen knots An
hour for 4000 miles.
Macdonough Is Given io
Her Element at
Braintree.
NEW DESTROYER
IS LAUNCHED
OAKLAND. Dec. 24.— The Jingle of
bells mingling with peals of mer
ry laughter re-echoing through
the darkness in Oakland's resi
dence districts will usher in the
day dedicated to peace and good will.
Anon the faint strains of Christmas carols
will float out on the midnight air.
Long before dawn to-morrow the bands
of carnWs will be astir, ready to sally
out through the streets of the Bleeping
city as bands of earolei-s have done in
ages gone, breaking the holy calm of
Christmas morning with their sweet
pongs.
By 2 o'clock Mies May Coogan and her
band of waits will have started from the
Coogan home on Filbert street. They will
be chaperoned by Mrs. Charles Beck and
will sing at the Goodfellow residence In
East Oakland, at the homes of Franklin
Bangrs, J. A. Flllmore. Miss Mollle Con
ners, M. W. Kales, Charles Holt, A. Schil
ling, John D. Isaacs and Senator Strat
tcn, whence they will proceed again to
the Coogan residence, •where the Christ
mas breakfast will be served. They will
be accompanied by two violins, two man
dolins and a flute, and will sing "The
First Christmas Song." "Angels' Sweet
Refrain," "Birthday of the King," "Hall,
Glad Christmas Time." Besides Miss Coo
gan there will be in the company the
Misses Marian Goodfellow. Irene Bangrs,
Bepsle Flllmore, Ada and Isabella Kenna.
Jean Donney, Bessie Reed, Edith Beck,
The company by omitting the compul
sory clause undoubtedly hopes to over
come the opposition which the organized
brotherhoods have asserted asralnat In
surance by the company. They feared
and openly declared that the schema
was an entering wedge for the disruption
of those organizations, one of their prin
cipal elements of strength being the in
surance of members against accident cr
death in the service. ' '¦¦- •-,.:?
The monthly payment of $1 for fifteen years
would entitle an employe to 1500 cash and tlO
monthly during Ufa; U W monthly, to $300 caan
and $15 a month; $2, to $11-0 cash and CO a
month; $2 6t>. to $1MO and $23 a month; S3. to
I1SC0 cash and $30 a month during' Ufa. In
case an employe leaves the •errlce of the com
pany his pension payments are refunded to him,
and in case of deatji hla beneficiaries would re
ceive the payments he had made with 1 per cent
Interest per annum. The pension money could
not be drawn until the policy bolder had
reached the age of 60 years and retired. »¦*. .
Tha membership is to be TOhmtsLry for all
employes, and membars mas wlthdarw at tha
end at any month by giving notice by th« 13ta
day of such month, and it to clearly set forth
that the •tandln* of an employe JU not to be
affected in any wise by either b«oomins a
member or by withdrawing flora m*mber»nip.
The new scheme also eliminates the re
quirement that employes shall Insure In
dekness and accident funds, leaving tha
kind of insurance to be taken optional
with the applicant. Life Insurance is pro
vided for at the rate of $500 for rorry-nve
cents a month premium. Employes who
leave the service receive no rebate, but
can continue the Insurance at that figure.
The disability section divide* the em
ployes in a haphazardous class composed
of trainmen, engineer*, firemen, train
baggagemen and conductor!, who will
pay one and one-half per cent of the'r
monthly, wages and in case o£ sickness or
accident or Injury to receive sixteen per
cent of their monthly pay each week for
forty weeks and eight per cent a weels
until cured. The second class, non-haz
ardous, composed of shopmen, clerks,
etc., receive the same beneuts upon pay
ment of one per cent a month of their
wages.
Upon payment of stxty cents a month,
employes will receive (300 lor loss of a
hand or a foot and 91500 tor loss of both
hands or both feet or a hand and a foot.
A pension scheme la also attached, as
follows, and applies only to employes who
have been in the company's employ
twenty years or over:
The Southern Pacific Company has
made public Its plan to force lLfo Insur
ance upon its employes tn the face of the
promise made by the late President Hunt
lngton that the scheme, which proved ob
jectionable to the brotherhoods, would be
abandoned. The Call, two weeks ajro.
told the story of the company's new
move and again on December 21 showed
that by a system of petitions the Insur
ance department proposed to have the
scheme brought to a head arid Introduced
upon the Southern Pacific •ystem.
The - petition proposition Is being
handled by A. F. Hess and a number of
subordinate employes of the company,
who have been doing missionary worle
among the unorganized departments of.
labor on the system. These petitions have
been freely circulated. Hundreds of them
are now among the man at West Oak
land yards. They will be expected to sign
them and then become members of &
benefit and pension department to b«j
established In accordance with a careful
ly prepared plan, the details of which ara
also being as actively circulated as tha
petitions. The latter read:
We, the undersigned employes of the 6outlirr«
Pacific Company, do hereby respectfully peti
tion the president and board of director* to ap
prove the accompanying rules and regulation*
for government of a benefit and pension de
partment, and If approved to lsaugurat* tae
same, and we hereby certify our <Je*lr* to be
come contributors to one or more of tin features
as provided foe* therein.
Tbe rules eliminate th*» eompnlaory
clause which caused the storm of protest
against the original scheme. . In Its stead
tne following: ia found In the new schema:
Oakland Office. San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec 24.
Hopes to Overcome Objections of tna
Brotherhoods by a Revised Bene
fit and Pension Organ
ization.
Southern Pacific Guts Out
Compulsory Clause in
Scheme.
MAKES KNOWN IIS
INSURANCE PLANS
UPRISING WAS
QUICKLY CHECKED
Jealousy of Samoan Chiefs
Nearly Caused an
Outbreak.
Prompt Action on the Part of Lieu
tenant Commander Dorn Prevent
ed the Braves From Using
Their Clubs.
The money for the gun? surrendered by
the Malietoa. and Mataafa factions is in
Apia, and the Samoans are awaiting pay
ment, but there are some disputes as to
the manner of paying out. The German
Government ¦wants to do the whole
through its treasury-, but there are
manv natives row under America's pro
tection who are to receive a considerable
thare of the money.
The German Government Is collecting
•11 the back taxes prior to the hoisting of
the flag at Apia.
Some trouble has been caused by the
differences and disputes between the local
missionary societies, one of which is the
Mormon. It became necessary to enact a
law enabling a settlement of disputes, and
a Sunday ordinance is now in force.
The steamship Mariposa arrived on De
cember 6, but only remair.pd a little ovet
en hour. There was gr^at dlsapDointment
emong the natives, who had come fiom all
rart6 to see the first big steamer arriving
in Pagopago.
Maraafa of Upolu does not seem to re
alize that the German Government has
Fupreme control of the government of
Vpolu and fcavall and that the United
States has that of Tutuila. He has writ
ten a letter to the chiefs of Tutuila. in
viting them to attend a gathering of the
whole of th* Samoan government at his
placed on Mu'lnuu in Upolu and to bring
presents which may be construed as trib
ute. Th*> Tutuila chiefs have strongly re
sented thp invitation.
There is much Jealousy between the peo
ple of Tutulla and Manua. and this made
itself very apparent during the visit of
the Governor to the latter place. For
many generations the places have been
rivals as to superior lineal descent. The
<~hlef of the. Native Guard is a Tutuila
high chief, a division of the guard is sta
tioned at Manua under a Manua chief, it
tv&s arranged to have a general review of
the whole guard at Manu. and the main
body from Tutuila accompanied the Gov
ernor on »his tour. At Manua the local
chief objected to be under Lelato. the Tu
tulla chief, and the relationship was
strained for a while. Governor Tilley in-
Fisted that the Manua chief must obey
this superior officer and left the Tutuila
chief to act. Lelato. at the review and in
spection, placed the Insubordinate Manua
chief in the ranks instead of being in his
position ne an officer. Matters were then
Fettled amicably. But the Samoans do not
know when to stop, and when the rest of
the Tutuila people heard of it they were
indienart and expressed a wish to resort
to the Samoan custom of paying a visit
to Mttnua and clubbing a few of the in
habitants. Ivleutenant-Commander Dorn
l-as checked thirn by threatening to pun
ish severely any /one wlio incites others to
carry cut any surh threat.
Third— The prohibition cf the custom of a
whole village or district taking a rnala^a
<.1ourney) and billeting themsflve* on other
towrs and districts for an Indefinite period.
After the meetings the people indulged
In processions, singing and making an act
of allegiance to the Governor, and these
were followed by feastings, dancing and
pames.
Second— The Bbnllfhmert cf the euetoni of
presenting; & large number of fine miti and
property «t marriage* and deaths for distribu
tion n*---r.c the friends attending the marrlaga
Previous to leaving for New Zealand
Governor Tllley made official visits to all
the districts. He was accompanied by
Judge E. W. Guarr, recretary for native
affairs. District meetings wore held at
the leading centers. At these meetings all
the native officials, native chiefs and
talking men were present. Highest trib
utes of praise an<i thanks were unani
mously given by the people to Governor
Tllley and to the l"n!ted States Govern
ment for the protection now nffoMed
them. The chiefs stated that thpy now
feel safe In their hol«'ings. and they ran
pursue their avocations, cultivating: their
plantations ar.d improving their towns
¦without fear of molestation and wanton
destruction on the part of their opponents.
Their oisputes *re settled satisfactorily in
the courts, in which they have the great
est confidence. The people are all satis
fied and tre desire to retain Governor B.
F. Tilley in the islands has been publicly
expressed. At each district meeting the
Samoa ns passed resolutions recommend
ing to the Governor the passage of the
following law :
First— The ratslnr of revenue* by t&xlnr th»
E«ir.o«n* tor native affairs.
. iLltllA, Samoa. Dec. 9.— Governor B.
F. TlHey has gone to New Zealand with
the Abarenda to get supplies of coal and
to have the EhJp repaired. He left on
November 26 last, calling at Apia en
route, and from there he departed on the
2Sth of November for Auckland. Lieu
tenant Commander E. J. Dorn. of the
Abarenfia. Is now in charge of the pta
tlon. and Government affairs with for
eigners and natives are running smoothly.
of the Associated Press.
THE SAN FKA^CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1900.
Oakland Prepares to Usher in Day of Redeemer's Birth With Peal of Bells and Tuneful
Adoration From the Throats of Little Ones.
CHILD VOICES WILL RING OUT IN JOYOUS PRAISE
9
SAVES MEAT
COMPANY'S EXTRACT
OP BEEP
Makes Meat Co Further
Makes Soup Taste RicherTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1900.
10
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
nrSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, comer cf Market and Third etreete; open
ur.til 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street.
corr.er Clay; open until 9:S0 p. m.
sy> Hayes rtreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
«33 McAllister street; open until 9:«3 p. m.
CIS Lark'n etreet: open until S:39 p. m.
EMI Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
tVl Market Etreet, ccmer Sixteenth; open
until S p. m.
Jftf Eleventh etreet; open •until 9 p. m.
1C36 Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-secoAi and Ken-
tucky rtrects; cper. until 9 p. m.
CHinCH SERVICES.
TKIXITT Church, comer Bush and Gough ets.
-ttev. Frederick W. Clampett, D. D.. rector.
Prrvlcfs on Christmas day at 11 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MEMBERS of the Brotherhood of Teamsters
ere hereby notified to attend the next regular
meetlr.jr. THURSDAY EVENING, Dec. 27, to
elect officers. JOHN MCLAUGHLIN. Secy.
7KE annual meeting of the stockholders or the
Nevada National Bank of Ban Francisco, CaL,
will be held at Its banking house. SOI Mont-
gomery et.. Ean Francisco. CaL. on TUES-
UAY January 8. 1SC1, at 3:15 o'clock p. m..
fcr the election of directors to serve for the
essu'.ng year and the transaction of such,
ether business as may come before the tneet-
irg. GEO. GRANT. Cashier.
Pan Francisco. December 8. 1900.
AGEVTS WANTED.
SOLICITORS wanted; men or women: good
salaries warranted; payable either weekly or
monthly: expenses paid. 927 Market, rm. 615.
AGENTS to Introduce best thing en coast. Ad-
dress Dundee Mfg. Co.. 14. Flood b'.flg.. S. F.
ADOPTION.
A GOOD home open for girl or boy baby. Add.
Mrs. Dr. Fur.ke. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
ASPHALTLM ROOKING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re- ,
paired: postal. 11EJ Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTUOLOGV.
r>R~ C. TOUSET^TATLOB, Srientlfio^ Aetrolo-
rer— Free copy "The New Moon." 7ES Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
*L W. KING. 827 Market et. 6th floor, room 6^
—Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all cases; fair fee; no advance
char-Re? ; loans en estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE tree; civorce law a specialty; private;
no -fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law. MO Market, cor. Stockton. ;
FRANK W. SMITH; raining and probate law a
cpeclalty. Mills big., r. 3. 4th fir.; tel. Red 3616.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
I. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market et*. ; phone Red E!62. !
L. F. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. S27 Mar-
ket Ft.- ror.fultation free: no fees In advance. :
BICYCLES— For Snle or Exchange.
AUTOMOBILE company would like bicycls or
electric supply house to occupy store with
them: good location. Address box 900. Call.
ALLEN sells the Best bicycles. Columbia.
Epaldinr. Barnes, Hartford, Monarch. Stor-
mer. Pennant. $3* up. 301 Larkln & 1970 Page.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— WANTED — A good tenant for grand cor-
ner sicre and basement with fixtures suit-
able for grocery business; special Induce-
rr.fntg. Apply SPECK & CO.. 657 Market.
A FLUMBING shop: established years: must
be f"ld; eickness. COWING & CO.. 719 Mkt.
t::S— RESTAURANT on Sixth St.; bargain Tf
sol<3 to-day. McLAUGHLJN & CO.. 7774 Mkt.
WANTED — A pood man with $o00 or J1000 cap-
ital to buy livery stable In a flrst-class coun-
try town; cheap rent. Particulars at 43
n.phlh Et.
BAKERY to let. Twenty-fourth and Guerrero;
established six year*; good corner; rent cheap.
$¦"'' WINS ISOO per month at races; references
given. Information Lyons, SI1 Market, r. 4.
EAKERT- Rest location in the city: flne store
trade. Address Box 2221, Call office.
CORNER grocery and ealoon. 4 living rooms;
cheap. 1€18 Sanchez st.
SOME good bargains and paying propositions
In re-Eiaurants and rooming houses. X>.
McRAE. E37 MiErton.
BUF1NESS— Learn to be a doctor in 20 min-
ute*. Nature provides for all (without
money). "W> live in an. ocean of electric
LJLr." Preps the nerve center and nature will
do the rest. The heart. Ftomach, liver and
all parts are Joined like a circuit of electric
light* and health comes quickly. Wonderful
discovery- Full method free, with tests by
Ignited States Government official. State
Oeolcglft. M. D.'p, D. D.'s and leading citi-
z«-r.r. Call or address room 16, California
Academy of Sciences, E19 Market St., Ean
Francisco.
A-PLAY THE RACES—
20 to CO per cent profit monthly on our new
Fyetem; call and Investigate. N. S. HAND &
CO.. expert handicappers. suit 15. 34 Kearny.
TO physicians— Good property and practice In
Cal. railroad town: $3000: no other physician.
Apply or call MISS TURNER. Seamen's
Home. cor. Main and Harrison sts., S. F.
J4fr*>— GRAND opportunity for lady or gent; loca-
tion perfect: cigars, stationery, notions. Wait-
ins roots. 22d-ave. station. East Oakland.
FOR tale — Flrst-class saloon; central; complete
ftock. Box tSai. Call offlce. '
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALB.
MONEY loaned on lodging-houses, 1*4 p. c. ;
anything you want In lodging-houses; s'mpls:
6 rooms on Turk et., rent $27; price $300
7 rooms on Larkln st., rent $40: price $450
10 rooms on Taylor St., rent $40: price $550
12 rooms on O'Farrell Bt.. rent S50; price.. J5W)
12 rooms on Mason Ft., rent $35; price $350
15 rooms on O'Farrell st., rent J65; price.. $7-'>0
16 rooms on Turk st., rent JC5; price isr>0
1? rocrr.s on Howard et., rent $C3: price... J75&
17 rooms on Taylor et.. rent $S0; price $1475
It rooms on Taylor et.. rent $75; price $1250
T4 rooms on Leav. St.. rent $125; price $1900
£7 rooms on Powell st., rent $175; price J1S00
44 rooms on Market tt., rent $175; price.. .$2400
More money wanted to loan on lodging-houses
on 1-3 value at 1 per cent up; gilt-edge ee-
curity; no expense to lender.
Fcr quick sales list your houses with A. L.
WILLEY. 516 Market ft.; phone Black 6215.
MARION QRIFFIN,719
Black 1S03* near the
Call bldp.; big fres
WATCH* fcr our list cf new houses on Dec. 27;
we will have come great bargains. EMERY,
Z Eddy et.. rosms 1 and 2.
LARGEST llrt lodging-houses ; good bargains;
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHAUD.
rms. 1-2. £17 Murkn St., bet. Fifth and Sixth
LARGEST list lodging-houses ; good bargains;
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHAR.D.
rms. 1-2, 917 Market M.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
LODGING house and restaurant In Stockton;
rood for man and wife. Address JOHN Me-
KIN'SEY. 647 West Market St.. Stockton.
COOD-PATIXG rooming-bouse of 22 rooms for
sale; located at 1122 Market st. Call and eee
rroprletor; good reason for selling.
WATCH this space; new liet: new bouses; Dec
27. FISHER & CO.. 1022 Market st-
hriHITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM. world renowned l~EpiriN
ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law-
eulte. divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
rrinlns a epeciaity: drs. Sun.. Wed.. Fri.ev*s;
come and be convinced. Permanently located
CI3 Eddy et. bet Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night,
6 o'clock: EOc. 10M Bush, near Leavenworth.
MRS. HARLAN'D. Christmas circle to-night;
spirit tept; scaled letters read; 10c. 148 6th st
MRS. KOTTER'S circle to-night, 10c; sittings
daily; ladles SOc. gents |L 34 Sixth «t, r. 15.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings dally: tests to all to-night; 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium,
life reader, rned, clairvoyant 1161 O'FarrelL
EARLE. 80S Taylor et.. corner Hills— Sittings
dally; seance Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. I4t Eddy Et.
C Mayo-Steers. 112V4 Oak. trance medium;
rMLflinjrs. Si; hours. 1-5 p. m.; tel. Howard £27.
CLAIItVO'/A.VTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Market
et.. corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisf action guar-
anteed by rr.all. Bend stamp for pamphlet
with epeclal terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c:
gents $1; palm, and clalr. Bit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD read* life fluently; ndrlce
gives in all affairs of life; Fat lsf action
anteed; 2Sc up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
THE Quaker medium and palmist. 1104 Market
tt.. corner Mason, parlor 2%. ¦
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
eittings daily. 44SH Jessie st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
— *j 5 :
IS:/AR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. F. CORNELIA, formerly Mrs. Anthony,
has returned to business; clairvoyant and
card reader; ladle* 25c. gents 50c 46 7th st.
MME. ZEREDA. the rypsy. Is the great palm-
Ut and card rearder; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
THE Quaker medium and palmist, 1104 Market
st.. corner Mason, parlor 2S.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader me-
dium: 25c up. S23 Mission st.. nr. 4th; ring bell.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Cth; German spoken.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c 1149 Mission.
MRS. J5. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny et.. rooms 8-10.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
CAJtrET BEATING AND CLEANINO.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULD ING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 353-S57 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
STANDARD. 313 Guerrero-Curtains and blan-
kete renovated. ISc per pair: carpets cleaned.
Zc yd; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at 6c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth Bt ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 833 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 120.
.CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. S22 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness. work & driving horses. ISth & Valencia.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blalns; palnles3 cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Butter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
lees successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
DENTISTS.
AT*the ELECTRO-DEN'TXLCLJNic! TsO9 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg... you «in
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
¦without plates our specialty ; gold crowns,
$3 £0 up: plates, extractions free, $4 CO up; of-
flce hours, P a. m. to 19 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT ot 20 per cent ror 30 days on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, $3 CO; fillings, EOc; plates,
15, full set: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges'
and fillings; extractions cr fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method: 20 years' ex-
perience; no etudents; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from JS per set; extractlng-^»c; gas given.
THE New York Dentifcts have moved to 969
MUsion et, cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges: difficult plate work solicited;
positive pslnless extraction. Me.
MODERN DENTAL PARLORS. 1206 Market
Bt; expert extracting, crown and brldgework.
A, L. SIMPSON. D. D. S.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 2S5 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full eet of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market tt.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. K. gT
YOUNG. 1S11 Polk %t.
DEPILATORY.
O. C. C. — A harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not irritate,
burn nor poiscn the most delicate 6kln: agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag"cy. 426 Ellis.
| DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
! McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market Bt.
ACCORDION pleating factory: ail kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post.over O'Connor A Moffatt.
' DRESSMAKING: reasonable pries; dresses
made over: perfect fit. 2S7 Geary st
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES Business College. 72$ Market st— Day
and evening; $8 per month; $50 life scholar-
Ehlp guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
during the past 5 months; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportoriaj phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD"S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
Kuages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
EVENING SCHOOL, S. F. BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market St.; Individual instruction
In bookkeeping, shorthand, English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tiens guaranteed to It* by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. 505 Larkln st.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ATTENTION!— Tarr's pupils thorough book-
keeping figures; short time: college graduates
perfected; expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
EXGIXEERIXG, civil, elec, mlnlng.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve. : est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
PIANO, hist of music, French and German.
MME. PRILL. Y. M. C A. bldg.. Eth floor.
Mt'N'SOS, School Shorthand. Typing Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Monfy. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
TEACHERS' Agcy. A.McNiell.Mgr.,r. 31. Flood
bldg.: high school, grammar, private teachers.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION: night class. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar,, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent "to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post st.: near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE responsible housecleaning co.; est.
1S70; practical recommend; try them; removed
to 419 Devlsadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 626 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 21»L
ABC EMPLOYMENT Offlce; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 316 Stockton; Main 61S1
ORPHEUM Emplyoment Office — Japanese. Chl-
nese h*lp.426 Powell.nr. Sutter: tel. Black G072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
Best hflp. *im O'Farrell st: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
ELDERLY woman wishes situation to assist
In housework; references; American family
preferred. Box SS». Call office.
WANTED by Eastern woman position as
working housekeeper; good home more of an
object than wages; no objection to going 'out
of town. 149 Taylor.
TRAINED nurse wants engagement with In-
valid; {10 per week If permanent. Box 802, Call.
POSITION wanted by weU educated lady of
ability and refinement. Box 39S5, Call olflce.
A LADY would like a position doing chamber-
work In -a first-class hotel; city or country
Box 2906. Call office.
.WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 CO night, $1 CO to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and- subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ' 1096
Valencia »t.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE. "
SITUATION wanted by elderly Swiss to take
charge of private place; references. Address
Box g!>9. Call office.
YOUNG man with wide experience In cream-
ery business, good butter maker, and under-
stands machinery well, desires position as
assistant In same. Box 8994. Call offlce.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
AMERICAN farmer, married man, wishes em-
ployment as foreman on a ranch; have had
experience: can give references. Call' or ad-
dress R. F. DAWSON, 1920 Francisco St..
East Berkcle- Cal. , •: ."
MAN of 30, with soma experience in cabinet-
making and mlllwork. wants any kind of
work; shop or factory preferred. Box 3905,
Call office. •
YOUNG man desires position; writes and speaks
English, French, German and Hollandlsh.
Call 256 Winchester Hotel. ¦
AMBITIOUS young man . desires a position;
night work preferred; reference. Box 3990.
Call offlce.
POSITION aa cashier by young man of ex-
perience: restaurant prfef erred; can keep
books. Box 3950. Call office. ¦
AfcSAYER several years' experience, has own
outfit, wishes position with mining company;
best of references. Box SJ43. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED young man desires a position
as assistant engineer or fireman. In mines
preferred. Box 769, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED offlce man wishes situation aa
bookkeeper, accountant or other offlce work;
security riven if wanted. A. B. box 722. Call.
A BRANCH offlce for .Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
IF you want to buy, sell or exchange anything
on earth, see E. J. LUNDIN, 935 Market 'st.;
E00 shares gilt edge oil stock; sacrifice.
PLATS TO LET.
HARRISON, 112213 — 6-room flat: modern Im-
provements; must be seen to be appreciated.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
MODERN 4 rooms and bath; yard and cellar.
312 Waller st.. near Flllmore.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3725—6 rooms and bath; con-
venlent to Twenty-second st. cars.
$7 — l-ROOM flats on Victor st.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat for sale; furnishings and flat
brand new; rent $30; location choice. Ad-
dress A. B.. box 3960, Call office.
FRATERNAL. ;_
"CHOSEN FRIENDS" who are not over 65 and
in good health will find a proposition that
will Interest them by calling on or writing
to S. A. D. JONES, 413 Claus Spteckels
building, city.
furniture: for sale.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $48 40,' with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
TO receive highest value for fur., carpets, etc.,
eee W. E. CODY. 757 Mission, tel. Red 3353.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price lor second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer^.. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel. Polk 691;
furniture & {urn'd houses bought; spot cash.
HELP WANTED — FEMALES.
WANTED— Respectable, neatly dressed woman
for commercial position; salary and expenses.
Box 89S. Call. '
4 REFINED and intelligent canvassers, ladles,
at living salary and liberal commission; must
have experience and furnish reference. Ad-
dress Helpers, box 39S1, Call office.
SEWING Machine operators wanted at Levl
Btrauss & Co.'e overall factory, 32Vi Fremont
et. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— A lady for housework; good home,
fair pay to right party; call after 2 p. m.
116 Taylor st.
WANTED — Neat colored woman to do mending.
•Box 3992. Call office. N
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A^WE~^nTsli~Troir^uZr'A merry "xmasT
Offlce closed to-day— open 7 a. in. to-morrow.
MURRAY & READY 'Phone Main b84S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. WEDNESDAY.
WE SHIP WEDNESDAY AND PAY FARE,
for 50 tiemakers, 9 to 12c, tools and provisions
furnished and fare paid; 350 woodchoppers
for all parts of California, $3. $2 50. $2 and $1
per cord, tools and provisions furnished on
some places.
Single-hand miners.' ...Carriage painter. J
fanner and wife.. farm hands and chore boys.
A-HOTEL DEPARTMENT-
Butcher, country shop: cooks for hotels,
boarding houses and ranches: waiters. $10
•week and $30 per month and found; cook and
wife. MURRAY & READY. 1B34-636 Clay.
AT C. R, HANSI* & CO. 'Phone Grant 183.
. RAILROAD WORK,
. TEAMSTERS.
LABORERS.
TUNNELMEN.
FREE FARE FREE FARE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO, 104 Geary st
A— 1 LATHER and 1 plasterer for country,
foreman for planing mill, 1 hardwood bench
hand, 1 wood turner, 1 shaper hand, boss
plumber for large Job; all non-union. Me-
chanics' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny st,
room 9. . .
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International ¦ Union
free employ, bureau; only recog. union bar-
bers. 115 Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. Less, sec.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
EXPERIENCED man to handle gloves on the
road; side. EXCELSIOR GLOVE CO., 413
Market et. /
EXPERIENCED young man to drive butcher
wagon; $6 per week. People's Mkt. 2599 Mkt.
WANTED— Cook; $10 week. 416 Third st.
BARBER wanted steady; young man preferred.
708 McAllister Et.
COATMAKER wanted. 24 Hayes etreet
FIRST-CLASS carpenter for steady Job who
will buy house on installm't. Box 2995, Call.
YOUNG man to drive milk wagon; German
preferred. 816 Treat ave.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
S. "Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
lees than S feet 4 Indies and not over 6 feet
1, Inch in height: able to read, write and
speak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis
St.. San Francisco, Cal. '
WANTED — Popular man employed In the me-
chanical department of the Union Iron Works
to represent us dnrlng his leisure moments:
$100 per week for next year can easily be
made by right party. Address In confidence
. box 390S, Call office.
GOVERNMENT positions — Don't prepare for
¦ Civil Service examination without Illustrated
catalogue of Information; sent free. Columbi-
an Correspondence College. Washington. D. C.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements: catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; SI to $2 per week.
GET your shoes half-soled while. waiting; 25o
to COc. £62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoea. slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, S30 Howard st
PENSIONS— J. H. . Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm, E06 Market. '• room 40, Phelan building. ¦
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard St.,
S. F. Barber School.
SAILORS.' ordinary, seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, Jl per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. J near Mir-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night: read ing-rooms : free
'bus and baggage. to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions . has been established at 1099
Valencia at. ¦'-*-- - • ¦
HK.MOKUMOIOS.'
ANY case of Piles. • Plies, Piles, ' Pile«; 'over^OO
permanent cures amons business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be Interviewed'
no surgery, salves or ointments: no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1!>IO, Call.'
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc— Kor Sale
40 HORSES for . sale; = alsQ_wagonay buggies
carts, harness, • Grand Arcade Horse Market'
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN &VDOYLE. Auctioneers.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send fordr-
cular. Q. H.- UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HYPKOTISai.. •
PROF. RAYMOND— Strictly reliable; teaches
hypnotism In five lessons for $5. 997 Market st.
INVALID CHAIK3 AxNl> TKIC VCLKS.
BOLD and rented; nutnfr. of the Eames trieyclt
chair. BAMRS Tricvcl» Co.. 2100 Market st.
LOST AND FOU.M).
SATURDAY. Dec. 22. left a brown satchel con-
I tainlng money and parcels on S o'clock boat,
Bteamer Oakland. ¦ Please call or address
MRS. RASMUSEN, 6650 Whitney St., Lorin
station; reward.
LOST-Saturday night, between Sixth and
Eighth ets., on Natoma, grip containing
money and papers; liberal reward. ; Return to
6C8 N'atoma at.
LOST— A leather pocketbook containing letters
with name of J. A. Murray. Return to Buck-
ley & Henshaw Co.. cor. Fremont and Mission.
LOST— Irish setter, dog; red curly hair; collar
with name of J. J. Carroll, 1212 26th st Re-
, turn 4021 26th bL and receive- reward. ,- ¦ ,
LOST— Badge No. 7. Gas Consumers'. Associa-
tion; return to offlce, 344 Post st., and receive
reward. / ¦* '
LOST— Railroad tickets Issued to C. B. AR-
NOLD. Pleasa return to the Bulletin office
LOST— Lady's blue waist. Return to 624 Ste-
venson st. . .
LOST— Sunday, fur collarette. Return to 6a
Noe st. and receive reward. ¦ ¦_
BIATRIMOMAL.
ALL gentlemen wishing to marry wealthy seed
10c tor latest list. MR?. HERTZ. 706 Ellis ot.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, moved to 101S Market,
opp. Eth; world-renowned ladles' specialist ;
safe, reliable: practiced in San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully:
treatment can be ued at home; consultation
free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 897 Market st.. cor. Sixth—
Safe and reliable ladles' physician; treatment
$5; positive cure guaranteed; when others fall
consult, free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs."
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. AND MRS. DAV1ES, 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed; ladles treated can return same
day: HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps dr.
DRS. GOODWIN. 10O7V4 Market, expert on dU-
eases of women; 15 years' practice in S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladles spe-
cialist; Rafe and sure cure, $3; beat care; low
fees; when all' others fall consult free.
LADIES' Home Remedy Co.. 212 Ellis st. Pri-
vate diseases of women; satisfaction guaran-
teed or money refunded; sanatorium.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 1118 Market st.
DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years' for female
troubles. 323 Kearny st.; call and see me.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladles' specialist; home
for patients. C04 Eddy st. -
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 Sacramento St., near Kearny.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SAL...
BOILERS, Engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand: we clw:iys
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
S3 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017, 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A PURE white solitaire diamond shirt stud
weighing 1 karat for only $75; Is a bargain at
$125. UNCLE HARRIS, IS Grant ave.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 Iowa an.l
$5 per month; write for catalogue and prte*.
EXCHANGE, 409 California
St.; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear, st.
BEAUTIFUL pearl opera glasses at $3 25, $4 60
and $6. worth double the price. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
PHILIPPINE curios for sale. C, 702H Van
Ness ave.
FOR* SALE— Fine sealskin sack; $15; size 36.
1908 Sutter Bt.
A 2-STORY cottage at 315 O'Farrell st. to be
removed. Apply 15 Grant ave.
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont ft.
TWO thoroughbred black and tan pupe, $20. 17
Adeline , piece, off Taylor, near Post.
• •AS engine, on« horsepower. $75; can be seen
nt work. Shirt Store. 533 Valencia st.
SINGING canaries, $2 each; large bird cage;
also pair of bantams, $2. 124 Eureka st.
2D-HAND steam, gas, oil. water and air ma-
chlnery bought and sold. White. 516 MUslon.
BLUE gum plies for sale. Apply PAUL KEI-
SER, 206 Clay st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
• planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J.' Burke. 139 Beal<-.
FinST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGHXHfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre" and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hanO; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
A WEEK'S news for 5c— The Weekly Call. 16
rngps. In xrranrjpr. for mailing, tl per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. '
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
fold. Silverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WTTTTKHRAD. 1710 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and csrry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity: see ( us
flr?t; you wtll be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
...' : .' Second Mortgages *.
i Interest In Estates.;
Undivided Interest In Real Estate
Financial problems of all ports and slzei
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, ¦ pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship: do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and»10, 906 Market et./.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
-bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. i.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
¦ second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates,. legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, let floor,
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A— $300,000 on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. . J. BROWNSTONE, 11 Montgomery St.
MOST reliable I place to borrow ¦ on diamond?,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. IIESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, , diamonds.
ANY amount,- lowest . rates, on furniture, 'etc.:
no removal, no commission: etrlctly conflden-
tlal.. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., ¦ 301 Jones.
MONEYloaned salaried people without security.
' HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. -431 California!-]
$100,000. TO loan. on real estate or for building-
lew. rate. Home Bldg. Co., 222 Sansome. rm. 2.
CASH "loaned on salaries: New York plan
- -THE /TOUSLE Y> CO..; 321 Parrott bldg.
3% en furniture and pianos; 115 up: no removal-
no commission; private. ; - Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgfl.; clty.country;'6%: undi-
vided Ints.; estates. HARPER, S3' Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary: Loan Co.. 3C0 : Parrott bulld-
Ing: men can secure loans on personal notes.
MONEY to lonn nn furniture by private party
low rp.te.- . 917 Market st. , room 1.
ON furniture and pianos: no; removal: cor^
fldentlal ;. on diamonds. > etc. »: 33 -Taylor ¦ st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO, ealarled people without "collateral ; or ¦ In-
dorser. S.F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bid.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A GREAT clearing up sale; all 1900 styles 25
per cent discount. Net bargains for holidays:
Guild • *3*
Emerson $•>
Fisher ....:..... ...'...... *85
Decker 1138
. Stelnway upright.* slightly ueed .*.$1S5
Chlckering *213
. Hallett & Davis $47S
Heine .". $485
Rent allowed; Installments, $6 down, $1 per
month up: open evenings. HEINE PIANO'
-CO.. 217 Geary st. ___.
BEAUTIFUL Chlckering upright; cost $473.
now $275. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary at.
ANY, person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Steinway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash and
St per month. We offer to sell some good>
pianos for S3, Jl and 15 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kcarny and Sutter ets., San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St., Oak-
land. -
NOTWITHSTANDING our enormous sales of
the past few days, we are still able to offer
a few bargains for holiday gifts. Good pianos
as low as $100 and many styles at almost
your own price. Open evenings. | MAUVAIS.
769 Market st. /
DO not be deceived by alluring promises of any
one to give you something for nothing, but
come to a reliable firm like ours and pay a
fair price and get a piano that will wear and
give satisfaction. You never make a mistake
when you buy a Decker & Son, Packard or
Baumeister. See them and be convinced.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'S. 26.
28 and 20 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
BARGAINS — Pianos on storage almost given
away; also car flne new otanos stored from
factory; must be sold at once to realize stor-
age and freight: Installments; open evenings.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1710 Market st.
A CLEANING out sale of pianos In storage;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage, 1710 Market st.
A BIG sale of pianos now going on; all pianos
at reduced prices: flne large one, $155; num-
ber on time limited: 'agency Chlckering. Ma-
son & Hamlln. Vose, Sterling, etc. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.; open even-
Ings.
PIANO, flne upright, must be sold by Friday;
great sacrifice; $110. 1259 Mission St.
BYRON MAUZY, agency Sohmer & Co., Byron
Mauzy, Gabler and Spellman pianos. 308 Post.
SPECIAL sale — Immense reductions; see our
leader, only $150. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS upright piano for sale cheap;
must sell. 815 Laguna st.
A GOOD banjo, mandolin or guitar In exchange
for typewriter. Box 3909. Xa 11 office,
LARGE 3-pedal upright piano, used 6 mo. ; leav-
lng city. 419 Van Ness ave.. nr. McAllister.
THREE- PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain;
owner leavtng city. 2233 Mission st.
GREAT many bargains in 2nd-hand uprightsf
small Installments. Hornung. 218 McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman, Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 814 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market st., 4 elegant up-
rlshts at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock in city: new pianos, $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 660 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 5!
MULLER, maker, repairer.. 2 Latham place.
BARGAIN— Must b« sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMIT7I. 16 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for Jl.
postage paid.
OFFICES AXD STOUKS TO LET.
A— MARKET st. store: 2 fronts; 23x175 feet:
concrete basement; 1132 Market; at reduced
rent good tenant. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market
FINE store, good chance for grocery business.
1122B Harrison at. '
OIL.
THE on^y map of the Kern River district!
showing owners, wells, rigs and roads to date;
$2 on paper: $3 mouqted; absolutely complete;
limited number. See or write GEO. W. AUS-
TIN, Producers' Oil Exchange, Mills bulld-
lng. S. F.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
OIL LAXDS FOR SALE.
KERN River Oil Lands— Proven territory in
the well-known tract of "Grace Oil Co." for
sale; also other oil land for sale or lease; m.-wt
wonderful oil field known; over 530 feet of oil
sand; buy from owners and save commissions*
have been in field from start: will give you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON.
CARMAN & SOMES. 101 Chronicle bldg., San
Francisco; 418 Douglas Block, Los Angeles;
Southern Hotel. Bakersneld. - ;
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist 315
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Rlaok Ml.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
OWEN McCABE, Importer, dealer In feathers:*
hair mattress and pillow manufactory; old
feathers renovated and purified: all feathers
sold warranted- well dressed with my patent
steam renovator. 870 Mission, tel. Jessie 1114.
IF ALBERT ELSEY CARVER, who was re-
sldlng In and near Vancouver, British Co-
lumbia, during the years 1891 to 1S93, and
afterward In California, and was last heard
of in Sonora, Calaveraa County, In California,
about June, 1896,* will apply to the under-
signed he will hear of something to his ad-
vantage. WELLS & HIND, Solicitors, Not-
tlngham. Eng.
A REFINED middle-aged lady, German, would
like to make the acquaintance of a well re-
Bpected gentleman; object matrimony. Ad-
dress Box 897. Call office.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
A PRETTY little blonde girt 2 years old for
adoption In a good borne. MRS. DR. FUXKE
1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
ALFREDUM9 Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South 792.
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed: flne uphol-
Btery; goods carefully packed for shipment or
storage. HOPKE BROS.^318 and 320 11th st.
PICTURES and picture frames of all descrip-
tions made to order; portraits enlarged; we
do all kinds of framing. California Frame Co..
905 Howard: open evenlnga: tel. Howard 1073.
KIjECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: .700 rooms:
23c to $1 50 per night; Jl 50 to $6 per v.eek;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
Superfluous hair removed with electric needle-
electric roller facial treatment for wrinkles'
all branches taught. Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
HAIR positively grown on balJ heads by purely
'vegetable compound: absolute proof. Call or
address DR. G. S. MOORE. 488 Oeary st, S.F.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward* 11
a week. LEON LEMOS, 1117 Market st. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
DANICHEFP. sells holiday glove orders.good for
gloves ready-made or to order. 121 Grant ave.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wirs ;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt!
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint the best
; corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
lng Co.. 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
* bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market .st.y .
CHEAPEST and best In America— The .Weekly
Call. 16 pages. . sent ; to any address In the
Hpftert Pt»tew or Canada one year for $1.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C.C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence
1021V4 Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh!
CANCERS and tumors * cured without sunrical
operation. DR. J. H. REEVE. 26Vj Kearny.
PROPERTV WASTED.
-^VANTET^Cotliie Tor 5 rooms:>hlgn~E^
• ment: Mission. Box 3373. Call office? ' -
Real Restate— -city—for s aTeT
BARGAIN-The last of those line cottaseT^t
30th and Church sts.; 6 rooms; all modern |m
provements and 3-rcom ; flat In lower floo?"
¦mall amount cash, .balance same as rent-see
, owner on ¦ premises. •: "'• " ee
WANTED— To purchase lota between First and
Twelfth aves.. Lake and D sts. W. J/GUNV
Ke«S?v f ° rnla It - .- oetWMn Montgomery and
REAL ESTATE — COUXTRY— For Sale
A CHRISTMAS gift of J10.000: W '0' *V *"j!*
be euch a fool as to doubt without investi-
gation: Just think of it. only *55 per acre for
a lovely tract of 100 acres; the nnest land
on earth; almost adjoining the depot and
steamer landing of Napa city-, all highly culti-
vated level loam; 20 acres perfect garden land;
living creek forms one boundary; Includes
crop now looking flne. worth *1500: easy terms;
must be sold before New Year's. Take my ad-
vice and buy this on speculation or for lovely
home. It's worth and will scon bring »2U>
.-'•per acre. ¦!
N. D. SICKELS— the LAND AGENT—
6 Geary st.
FINE ranch near Watsonville: will sell all or
half Interest below value to right person who
will move on place: best offer will take It. as
I cannot give It personal attention: easy
terms; low Interest. OWNER, box 8972. Call.
ACCURATE knowledge, each of the J00O ranch-
es on my sale and exchange list— more than
all other agents In city: state what s wanted.
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Aggnt. 8 Geary St.
CIRCULARS free. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St..
sells and exchanges city and country property.
CHEAPEST and best In Amerlca-The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for *T.
noi'tag** r>ald. _^
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ONE of the most elegant homes In the city of
Alameda at a sacrifice.
One excellent house. 8 rooms, servant's room
and bath. In the best part of Alameda. will be
sold at a great bargain. LEONARD * LEON-
ARD. 205 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$4*00— A NEW house of 9 rooms and bath; flne
corner let; only 2 blocks from the university
grounds; complete In every particular.
$3500— A thoroughly well-bu'lt house of 7
rooms: large lot: only 2 blocks from Dwight (
v.ay ttatlon, only 2 blocks from schoolhouse
and 1 block from electric railroad: street work
all done and on the sunny side of street.
Live under your own vine and flg tree: house
of 7 rooms; large lot; splendidly situated; gar- •
den full of fruit trees.
Haven't you had a longing all your life to
go to chicken ralsirg? Now this Is the op-
jv.rtunlty. A flne large lot. fronting on 3
streets, '270*120: Just the place you /were look- •
lne for and only IliOO.
Al»ply to MASON * McLENATHEN. adjoin- '
Iek Postoffice. Berkeley. ¦ ,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY, j
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$250 CASH, H monthly: 4-room cottage: good
well of water, small barn, chicken shed and .
run: 3 flne lots. 75x100; picket fenced: excellent ;
soil; charming view; best climate; near two
electric car lines; 90- foot boulevard and model
pchoolhouse, away from cold winds and fog:
90 families have located here within 3 years: ;
price, all told, $850; call or send for circular. |
455 7th St.. Broadway Station. Oakland. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
$S50— A SMALL home of 4 rooms and bath: must
be sold: 39th St., near Telegraph ave.: 25xlC<>. ;
A. J. SNTDER & CO.. Real Estate. 4S7 Ninth
st.. Oakland. Cal. '
$750-4 ROOMS: 33x100; must be sold. A. J. :
SNYDER & CO.. 467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURMTUKB FOR SALE. '¦
!AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, tha '
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oaklarri.
1^ — —^^^mmm — »^ — —^ I
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
NEW »ottage. C rms.. bath: lot 60x100: Illusion:
rental terms: and vacant lots. 413 K«»«rnv «t. ¦
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
OAK. 119—2 sunny front rooms: furnished for
heavy housekeeping; storage; $12.
SIXTH, 119A — Sunny rooms, double and single. ¦
modern Improvements; also housekeeping.
STOCKTON. 1307— Furnished rooms for house-
ke^i)lng: rent cheap.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st. .
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET r'nrn. and Unforn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Orant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance: large rooms; 9 modern conveniences;
rooms r.Oc up; flrst-class meals 23c; free coach.
A-BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms 25c
to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping: open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1361)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH, 620 (The Elk)— Nicely furnished sunny
rms.: day. 25c up; wk.. $1 50 up. Mrs. P. RanftT"
KDDY, 739 — Elegant furnished suite, parlor
floor; walking distance. r ¦•«• .
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single: ladles' parlor: reading-room; elevator.
GEARV, 405(The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms: Bultes or single; travelers accommodated.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath: sin. rms.: board optional.
LEWIS place. 18 — Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let: single or en suite. . ¦..
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up: 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny fucnlshed rooms ard
offices; elevator: electric lights: day. wk.. mo.
POST. 1015A— Beautifully furnished rooms:
terms reasonable; even* convenience; walking
distance.
ROTAL House. 126 EMls St.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 33c to $1 60; week. $2 to
$3; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis St. — Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to S4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 13 Elsrhth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL. 4B3 — Lartre front, sunny, bay win-
dow:, unfurnished room; place for stove.
SUTTER, 320'.4— Changed hands: newly reno-
vated; single rooms. $S; suites, $12 to t2Z mo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2M0 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. }
noons axd hoard.
AT the eld Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex 807 California St.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
trwtlve and plehtlv rooms at modest rate*.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED.
BOARD and lodging for elderly lady with fam-
ily keeping strictly Kosher; nice sunny room;
none others need apply. Box 803, Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best:, safe, reliable: take no other-
send 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" in letter by return mall; at druit-
Klsts. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO
416 Montgomery nt.. room* 9-10: tel. CSSO.
SLOT MACHINES. — —
SLOT machines— Latest style: $40 each 1157
• Market st.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
STORAGE 'AXD BAKEHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving:~S>vered
' vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 7U.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.-
tel. Main 1810: shipping at cut rates.
KEU1.VG MACHINES -AXD SUPPLIES
ALL kinds bought, noUl and repairing tr'jnmr.
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 MlwtoSf nr "th?
ALh , -£i nda tousht. sold, rented, exchanged re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 206 4tl
B ?»JL?t I il T ' S £! d uJ; ented - ""Paired; needles and^
j shuttles: reduced rates. 143 6th: phone Mint 5.
3^PE\VTUTERS AXD SUITLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS
1 _ 538 California;' telephone T MaTn Vm
'. WAGONS WANTEp. ¦.-
WAXTEp TO LEASE.
WANTED— By a responsible party, to leass for
* terra of years a suitable building with
pIen . t J °, f Usht for * machine s!tep downtown^
would lease with an option to purchase at
1 L.' x ? lraUon of Iea)l «- Address with full
particulars box 3378. Call.
DIVIDEND XOTICKS.
A DIVIDEND in liquidation of 3 per cent oa
all deposits has been declared by Tha Califor-
nia Savingi and Loan Society. «ayable on and
after Friday. December 14. iSOO. at the. office
of the society. Mills building. 2d floor, room
28. CHAS. D. FARQU1IARSON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-Mutual Savings Bank cf
San Fraricisco. 32 Post st.-For the half yeir
ending December SI. 1900. a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three (3) per cent per
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Wednesday January 2.
MOL^ GEORQE A. STORY. Caahler.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. 13
Geary st.— The directors have declared a divi-
dend of 3*i per cent per annum on lta de-
posits, payable on and after January 2 1901.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. ltf (fifty
centa per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the offlce of
the company. 327 Market St., on and after
Wednesday. January 2. 1901. Traiufsr books
close on Wednesday, December 28, uoo at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secy.
BAN Francisco Savings Union. S33 California
St., corner Webb. For the half year ending
with the 3lst of December, 1900, a dividend has
been declared at the rate per annum of three.
and «ix-tenths (3 8-1C) per cent on term de-
pcslts and three (3) per cent on ordinary de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Wednesday. January 2. 1901.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice— The German Savings and
Loan Society, 528 California street. For tha
balf year ending with December 31. 1300. a
dividend has been declared at th« rate ot
three and one-quarter <3\i) per cent per an-
r.ura en all deposits, free of taxes, payablo
en and after Wednesday. January 2. 1321.
GEORQE TOTJRNY. Secretary.
KLAHRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Gilbert Munday. 21. 1720 Ontral avenue, and
Carrie Smith. 19, city.
George D. Cohen. 25. Oakland, and Lizzie I.
Knutzen, 23, Sacramento.
James L. Case. 35. Forestville. and Panay C.
Ladue, 23. Woodland.
Walter King. Stockton, and Carrie M. Kib-
bler, 20, Stockton.
Carlos It. Carrtck. 2S. city, and Delia F.
Everett. 20, Oakland.
William Phtlbun. 32. Oat Hill, and Mary E.
Phllbun. 32, city.
William Wlerr.er, J4, Sonora. and Martha
Topp, 21. 474 Hayes street.
Charles E. Sweeney, 33. 416 Minna street, and
Nettie Estrada. 24. 416 Minna street.
Hermann Passman. 25, Santa Rosa, and Mil-
dred Cline, 21. city.
Thomas Harron, 29, Llvermore. and Ann!*
Gallagher, 26. city.
Hubert Sudermann. 27. 323 Minna street, and
LJUle Getty. 30. 729 Natoma street.
Henry J. Schmehl. 61. 204 Valencta street, and
Josephine Wlndfuhr. 4S. 16S4 Mission street.
F. William Kirste. 51. 530 Gr»i*nwlch street.
and Marie Black. 37. 3W Brannan street.
Saxton T. Pope. 2.". Watsonville. and Emma
Wightman. 2?, 747 Shrader str»et.
Jame» Antonzuinl. 23. San Rafael, and Kinne
Rowe, 13. San Rafael.
Kristlan S. Soholt, 21, Nasa, and Kain M.
Larson, 22. Martinez.
William W. Bollinger. 30, Pan Jose, and Ida
L. Heidreth. 19. city.
Thomas Evans. 3S. 17 Howard street, and
Martha J. King. 40. 17 Howard street.
BIRTHS— tJARRIAG^S—DEATHSL
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and b»
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
BARRON— In Mount Eden. November 10, 1300.
to- the wife of R. E. Barron. a daughter.
CRANE— In Oakland, December 23. 1900, to the
wife of W. W. Crane, a daughter*
GILLBERG— In this city. December 24. 13C0. to
the wife of H. F. Gillberg. a daughter.
MENGES— In Ocean View, December 2*. 1900.
to the wife of W. Menges, a son.
STIEFVATER— In Oakland. December 20. 1900.
to the wlfg of A. P. Stlefyater. a son.
MARRIED.
EDWARDS— WISE— In this city. December 12,
1900, Evan Edwards and Maggie D. Wlsa.
HUBER— SCHMIDT— In this city, December 22.
1200, by the Rev. Paul Brarike, Martin H.
Hubex and Pauline L. Schmidt.
KING— KEEBLER— In this city. December 2».
1900, by the Rev. John Stephens. Walter Kins
and Carrie May Keebler. both of Stockton.
Cal.
WA1TMAN— LOWE— In thi» city, December 23.
1000, at Simpson Memorial Methodist Church.
by the Rev. John Stephens. George W. Walt-
man and Evatyn Lowe, both ot San Fran-
cisco.
TOtTNG — AXDERSEN-In this city. December
24. 1900. Samuel Fulton Young and Josephine
Matilda Andersen.
~~~ DIED.
Abratns. Jakie McClure. Amy
Bastiani. Zefflro McGurk. Michael
Brown. Frederick W. McMurray. Elizabeth
C. A. Meyers, Pavld
Brown. John Oldag. Frtda
Castet. Julianna M. ¦ Ortes. Jesus
Caverly. Mrs. Eliza- Rawf. Katl»
beth N. Stech. Rosalia
Crowley. Florence T. Waterman. Capt. S. 3»
Farquharson. John Wegner. Edward
Glover. Henderson I. Wllkens. Lcu'.s
Hall. Nicholas S. Wilson. William
Undsey, William Winter. John D.
ABRAMS— In this city. December 24. 13M,
Jakie. beloved child of Nathan and Rose
Abraras.
BASTIANI— In Oakland. December 23. 13CO,
Zefflro, beloved husband of Annie Bastlani.
a native of Italy, aged 64 years 1 month ar. 1
21 days.
BROWN— In this city. December 23. 19C0. Fred-
erick W. C. A. Brown, beloved husband of
Henrietta H. N. Brown. M. D.. and father of
Harry, Nlckolas and Walter Bothwell Brown,
a native of Germany, aged £5 years 1 month
and 9 days.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Western Addition Funeral Direc-
tors. 212$ California street, between FlllmoM
and Steiner. thence to Memorial Hall, O<M
Fellows' building, corner Seventh and Mar-
ket streets, where services will be held un-
der the auspices ot Apollo Lodge No. 123,
I. O. O. F. Interment CMd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
BROWN— In this city. December 23, 1300. John
Brown, a native cf Ireland, aged 57 years.
CASTET— In Oakland, December 14. 1300. at
corner Grove and Woolsey streets. Lorln,
Julianna Mlnvielle. beloved wife of Joseph
Castet. a nattve of Sweden, aged 53 years V)
months and 9 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at Z o'clock, at her
late residence, corner Grove and Woolsey
streets, Lorin.
CAVERLY— In this city. December 23. 13C0.
Mrs. • Elizabeth N. C'averly. a native of
Qulncy. Mass.. as?d 73 years.
C^Kriends and -v:quaintance3 are respect-
fully invited to aUend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from h»r late resi-
dence. 11B Dearborn street. Interment pri-
vate. Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
CROWLEY— In this city. December 23. XT*.
Florence T.. beloved son of the late Charts
and Margaret Crowley, and brother of Tim-
othy A.* Charles, Katie and John Crowley
and the late Mrs. T. Ui-ange, a nattve of San
. Francisco, aged 23 years i months and is
days.
!E7Frlend3 »nd acouaintances ax» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow*
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 23 Fifth
. street, thence to St. John's Church, formerly
Old St. Mary' 9 College, where a requiem high
mas9 will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FARQUHARSON— In the City and County Hos-
pital. December 23. lOOO. John Farquharson. a
native of Massachusetts, aged 94 years.
GLOVER— Suddenly. In Santa Cruz. December
23, 1D00, Henderson Inches Glover, a native of
Boston. Mass.. aged 76 years.
HALL— IH this city. December 23, 1900. Nicho-
las S.. beloved husband of Lucy Estelle Hall,
and father of Carter F.. Eugenia and Nicho-
las S. Hall Jr.. a native of Maryland, aged
39 years 6 months and 13 days.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 2702 Mission street, thence to St.
James Church, Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets, where a requiem high mass will b»
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LINDSET— In this city. December t4 1900, Wil-
liam Undsey. brother of Eliza Lmdsey. a na-
tive of Canada, aged 48 years.
McCLURE-In this city. I**? mb * r -_ "' *?S
Amy. beloved wife of Henry N. McCtarjj and
mother of Kdna V. McClure. » native of San,
Jose pted 34 vears and 5 months.
DrFrtendV and acquaintances are respect-
s&S SS aruss
oence? «f Fufton street. Interment Laurel
Hill Ometery. __*' ' ' 'J- ¦ ' "• "
McGURK-In this city. December 23. 1900-
HfSNRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
tSuc D c ATi r E iV > f?SS3fr$x? a 2Sg m
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
to Flfta it., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South tH.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
K and » Fifth st. Tel. South 157.
lUNSRAZ. DIRECT0R3 AND XXSALXXS1.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. .EASTERN MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Publication of a church scandal Is a
weak method of dissemination compared
to the sewing circle.
[Fan Francisco Lodge of the United Mod
erns hss elected its officers for the ensu
ing term and will publicly install them
, January 4. This lodge has been very ac
k tive in the past four months, having in
ihct time doubled its membership. - It
makp* the Booial feature of the order a
prominent one, holding open meetings
once a month and giving high class en
vnaJnmentis, which always attract . a
large number of people to the lodge's
United Moderns.
The religious man ma** bridle hi*
tongue, but when the furnace fire roes
out his Inward convictions are just about
the same as those of the sinner.
Vegetables weri In large receipt, but the
OREGON,
PORTLAND. Or.. Dec 24.— Nothing doing In
wheat, but prices steady at 54<g54Hc for. Walla
Walla. " ¦ . - y
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
TiCOMA. Dec, 24.— Wheat dull and un
changed. Bluestem, J>6%c ; club, SSHo.
WASHINGTON*.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. .Dec 14.— Clearings, $4S8,
214; balance*, tSS.870.
Sterling Exchange. «p days - 14 82 ,
Stertlxxr Exchange, sight.; - 4 85,4
Sterling Cables. ••".••/; ~ ,-- 4 ?5, v *
New York Exchange, sght...... - < 12,j
New York Exchange, telegraphlo .-
irin« fillver. per ounce • -~ 63>4
Mexican Bollars. nominal......... M* © U
Exchange and Bullion.
Note— As the Produce Exchange was not In
session yesterday quotations for grain, etc. are
omitted. "
Last week San Francisco and Golden
Gate lodges of the Eons of Ben
jamin were consolidated by District
Deputy H. I* Springer in B'nal B'rith
Hall under the name of Golden Gate. The
deputy, assisted by grand officers, then in
stalled the following named for the cur
rent year: I. O. Kasser, ex-president; A.'
liochwald, • president: E. Gordon, . vice
president: J. Goldstein, recording secre
tary; M. S. Meyer, financial secretary: L.
Zler, treasurer: L. Aaron, inner guard ; M.
Whltehead, outside guard;- H. Peters, M.
Cohn and M. Marks, trustees. After the
ceremonies all present were the guests of
A. Hochwald, the president, at a banquet
provided at his own expense and all had
a very enjoyable- time. There were re
sponses to sentiments" by Secretary Gold
stein. ex-Presidents H. Lesser and Kasser.
Charles A. Berliner, president of Pacific
Lodce; Emil Cohn, president of Califor
nina Lodge; L. C. Levy, ex-president of
California Lodge: the district deputy and
the host, president Hochwald is an ener
getic worker for the order, who has prom
ised to make a good showing during his
term both in. the station he is to fill and
in the line of extending the: lodge. He
has already served a term as president of
San Francisco Lodge. During the even-
Ing the host, on behalf of the members of
San Francisco Lodge, presented .Theodore
Cohen, who had been its financial secretary
from the outset, a very handsome gold
emblematic watch charm.
Sons of Benjamin.
The most exciting event in the election
for nfneers held In Court Magnolia was
the contest for physician. There were two
candidates— Drs. Harrington and Nuss
baum. The friends nf each had "a sure
•nine" on the selection of their candidate.
but the ballot showed no one before elec
tion can safely predict the result. Dr.
NuMbaurn was the choice of the majority.
George F. Clark, who resigned from the
office of financial secretary after elexen
vears' continuous service, was succeeded
L rJl l rt Ph Ne a^ was Instituted in the
town of that name by OraM Sub-Chief
Hanger John Heenan. Grand Secretary
John J. Cordy and membenof Courts Hay-
Oakland and Court
Madrone cf Redwood City will have pub
lic installation* on the ni*rht of the 5th of
n *Ccurrg£r7 Luis Oblspo will close the
century with a grand ball. Grand Chief
P^an-rer Aeher has been invited to lead the
grand march. . .
The prand chief ranger has arranged to
pay a visit to Court EHxon on the night
of the Cth cf January.
Foresters of America.
"Blm," who makes buttons, badges and
banners for the campaign, walked Into
Democratic State headquarter* the other
day with his shock of red hair bristling
with pride, a glow of satisfaction on his
face and fairly exuding Joy, relates th«
N«w York Tribune. He spread out before
Frank Campbell, chairman of the State,
committee, a bis placard upon which were
reproduced pictures of Bryan and Steven
son, folds of the American flag and the In
scription: "We wish to remain fre« ppo
ple.
"How's that, yer honor?" said "Blm.''
Mr. Campbell looked at It a moment and
"You want to change that Inscription,
•Btm.' That should read, "We wish to
remain a free people.' "
"Btm" looked hard at Mr. Campbell,
and said: "Yer honor, X sun a scholar, I
am. I am a student of grammar, aa well
as human nature. I know grammar and
I know rhetoric. When I puts a motto
on a banner. ¦ dat stamps d&t motto as
standard grammar. When I says "Wa
wish to remain free people,* dat groes.
When you say 'We wish to remain A tie*
people, you use bum grammar. I would
rather lose the order than have people
point at the banner and »ay. * "B" pat
that grammar on there. Ain't it bum?"
No. elrree, a guarantee of grammar soea
wid every motto, and no change. Rather
would I lose me wealth than me reputa
tion for clear English." *
Mr. Camobell looked sadly at "Bim"
and said: "Mr. Croker coined that
phrase." * ' ' f*
"Did Croker get dat off?" said "Bim."
••8ure!" said Mr. Campbell.
"Den it's good grammar and goes— he's
the boss." said •*Bim," conclusively. ¦
What Croker Say* Chxss.
Board—
7 Blue Ooom 3 00
3000 California-Standard ................ 3»
100 Caribou 63
800 Caribou • 62
200 Four Oil -Co 50
250 Home OU 3 60
100 Home Oil 355
500 1,1 on OU Co "... 20
300 McKUtrlck Consolidated 51
100 McKlttrtck Consolidated 49
500 Monarch of ArUona 43
100 Occidental of West Virginia.......... 63
. 20 OU City Petroleum .. v ....30 00
BOO Petroleum Center ;. 24
1500 Reed Crude Oil Co... 60
660 Rex 7." 60
300 San Joaquln Oil & Development;.... 10 00
200 Shamrock '............... 90
100 Sterling O & D Co 2 83
Street—
500 Four Oil Co 50.
100 Monte Crlsto 175
• 100 Monte Crlsto,.,^.^^,.^ 1 80
Afternoon Session.
¦ : Bnard— . ' . .
800 California-Standard 33
2400 California-Standard 38 -
400 Caribou 63
100 El Dorado ..' 1 "5
1«00 Tour OU Co,.. 30
: 75 Home OU -.: 3 60
800 Homo Oil 3 65
2SQ Home Oil .. 3 70
250 Home Oil 3 SO
600 Junction <•• 63
600 McKtttrick Consolidated 50
100 Monarch of Arizona ¦...., 43
100 Monarch of ArUona . 42
200 Monarch of. Arizona 44'
60 Monte Crlsto 1 80
100 Monte Crlsto ...» 185
1400 Monte Crlsto 1 90
16 Mont* Crlsto 1 76
100 Monte Crlsto .......: 1 »5
100 Monte Crlsto, b 30 1 95
150 Occidental of "West Virginia., 65
1600 Petroleum Center U
100 Reed Crude Oil Co.; ; 60
*50 Hex ....'............•••... I*
50 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 18 15
700 Sterling, O & D Co :... 2 65
300 Sterling O & D Co......... 2 67^
- CL03INO QUOTATIONS.
Morning Session.
PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE.
The Stock and Bond Exchange was not in
session yesterday.
There was a ' good business on the Oil Ex
change, with an advance in California-Stand
ard and a decline in Caribou. Home Oil fell
off, but recovered at the close:' San Joaquln
was firmer at $10. Monte Crlsto advanced to
Jl 95.
The Humboldt Savings and Loan Society
ptya a dividend January 2 of Z% per cent per
annum for the last six months on all deposits.
The Mutual Savings Bank pays 3 per cent
per annum on all deposits for the six months
on January 2.
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. M. E. Fal
coner and Past Grand Chief John Fal
coner have returned from official visita
tions In Amador County.
Past Grand Supreme Chief Companion
Boehm recently instituted two circles . in
Los Angeles.
Fidelity Circle of the Companions of the
Forest gave an entertainment and dance
in Union Square Hall on the night of the
Sth inst. that was a very delightful af
fair. Those who made the evening a
pleasant one by their talent were: . Miss
Alma Ferris, Golden Gate Mandolin Club;
Messrs. Monck and Keough and Miss
Pearl Allen and C. H. Johnson In a sketch
entitled "Tip on the Derby." The dance
that followed was under the direction of
G J Monck. The general committee was
G* W.. Corwin, Alice F. Moore, Alice B.
Currier, Pearl Allen, A. Morrison, Flor
ence N. Morrow, Georgiana Macpberson
and Ella Wunderllch.
On tb© night of the 13th Inst. Loyal Cir
cle of the Companions of the Forest had
a Christmas tree social In the Foresters'
building, which wa» a successful and
pleasant affair. The chairman of the
committee in charge was Mrs. Annie
Senne and the floor manager Mrs. Mary
Large. On the night of tha 17th at the
close of the business meeting of this cir
cle there was an entertainment, games
and the serving of refreshments. In nonor
of one of its members. Miss Kate Mori
arity'e birthday.
On the night of the- 26th tnst. Washing
ton Circle will give a Christmas enter
tainment, the main feature of which is
to be a surprise to the members and those
of their friends who will attend. The
member) have been sworn to keep It a
dead secret until that night. . -^ ..
Companions of the Forest.
On the last night in November the de
jrrfe team of Unity Ijodge. under com
mand of Captain Havens, by special re
qiif-st conferred the knight rank on
K.soi;.ires C. H Roberts and George Mil
l»'r for Fairmount Lodge. In the presence
of a large number of the members of the
Elttiog lodge and about fifty visitors from
other lodges, including: members of the
order from Boston. Mass.. Salt Laka City,
Vortland. Or., and Spokane. Wash. The
-l^auuful ceremony was performed in a
very acceptable manner and was favor
ably commented uuon by a number of
Mifkkfrs under grood of the order. Dur
• ir= the evening there was a touching
#-uTofry in memory of the late J. W. Hen
reil. This kr.:pht, Just before his death,
* called his eldest son to his bedside and
gave into his keeping his uniform and
sword, telline him that it was his last
desire that he should take his place In
. the Pythian ranks, 'when he had passed
A nW temple cf the Rathbone Sisters
t< as orgranlzed by Deputy Supreme Chief
Mrs. S. Katzenstein at Kanaimo. B. C,
»ith a lar-re charter li»t. - -
Tho San Francisco and Alameda County
loflfree are arrar.-rir.s; to* establish head
quarters In this city for the purpose of
preparing for the 1902 convention, when
th» Supreme L«odg-e will meet here.
A company of the uniform rank will
ehortly ,be organized and mustered In at
Corning. Tehama County.
Grand Keeper of Records and Seal
Schaffner has accepted an Invitation to
be with Madera Lodge in January on the
occasion of the celebration of lt» four
teenth anniversary.
Knights of Pythias.
NEW TORK, Dec M.—Tbe- Commercial Ad
vorttser's London financial cablegram Is as fol
lows: ¦
Thar* was Christmas laealtudaf In the mar
ket* ber« to-day, except. jn the American d«-
Durtment which was rampant on New York's
lead. Ths dealings were not vast, but they
were all on* way and. accompanied by tha
most saline talk 5i/;>6iNa V .
' LONDON, l>eo. 14.— Atchtsoni, 28%; Canadian
Pacific W"»4: Union Paclflo preferred, 86%;
Northern Paclfle preferred, n\: Grand Trunk,
7H- Anaconda. 9%" Money. »V 4 (|3% per cent. .
Bax silver closed strong at Z» 11-Hd per ounce.
London Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 24.— CATTLE— Receipts, 9300;
active. Steers. 10@20c higher; butchers" stock,
10c hlgh«r; natrves, good to prime steers. $5 40
©S 25; poor to medium, $3 Th@6 40; selected
feeders, $J 25@4 85; mixed stockers, $2 W@3 75;
cows $2 BO'S* 25; heifers, $2 CO© 4 50; canners,
$1 75S2 40; bulls. $2 4O®4 40; calves, $5 40; Texas
fed steers, MS* 80; graseers, $3 30@4; bulls,
$ "HOGS-^Recelpts. 26,000; leftover, 2000. Mar
ket 5@10o higher, closing easy. Top, $5 05;
mixed and butchers. $4 70©« 05;. good to choice
heavy $4 7<Vg* 05: rough heavy. $4 65@4 75;
light $4 70®6; bulk oi sales. $4 87%®5.
SHEEP — Receipts, 7000; eheep : and lambs
active- 16 S 25o higher. Oood to choice "Wethers.
$3 7504 W: fair to choice mixed, 4S.2603 80;
Western she«p. $3 753* 60: Texaa sheep. $2 65®
S «0; native lambs, $4 2E®6 60; Western lambs.
$4 7536 40.
Chicago Livestock Market.
WASHINGTON, Deo. 24.— To-day's statement
of the balances in the general fund, exclusive
of the $150,000,000 gold in the division of re
demption shows: Available cash balance, $141,
6*4,769; gold, $97,839,967.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. Dec. 24.— Prime mercantile pa
per nominal at 4%tr5H P«r cent. Sterling; ex
change steady"; demand $4 84»i.
New York Money Market.
But llttle'raln has fallen on the Pacific slope
during the past 24 hours.
Conditions are favorable for a pleasant day
Christmas, moderately warm and some cloudi
ness over the greater portion of the Pacltlo
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending- midnight December 25, 1900:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday, light
northerly winds. .
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada,— Fair Tuesday.
Utah— Fair Tuesday. .
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity-Fair Tuesday;
,, Bht northerly j Win^ NDER q
Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the north
ern half of the Pacific slope, and has fallen over
Montana, arid southward to Arizona. An area
of high pressure overlies the entire northwest
ern portion of the oountry. j
There has been but little Change in tempera
ture west of the Rocky Mountains. In South
ern California the temperatures are still above
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
58; minimum, 43: mean, 53.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
J J Horan & w. Mo
O Pacheco & w. Cal
¦ W King & m, Stockton
IF Rob«nstetn, Ls Ang
F A Fisher, San Jose
¦ Q C Ti'atson, Sacto
,G R Cowan. Cal
, L D f=yle. Berkeley
J U Hanson, Cal
J H Evar.s & w, N T
W W Chad wick, Wls
J L Bryson. Cal
W M Parker, Stanford
H D Parker. Stanford
L Baldwin, Stanford
A Phelps & w, Sn Jose
iMrs J McClatchy, Sac
Miss E McClatchy.Sao
•J "W* Pepper, Sacto
A J Bowman. Lou Ang
I) H Dollar, Ulciah
Miss J Kelly. Ukiah
Mi^ M Morris. Cal
;.T E Gebhart & w. Cal
KIM Rowe. Cal
:J Olirhant. Artrona
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
ALACE HOTEL
TT J Cr.eyr.ey. PhU
R A Patereon. Chicago
G Cniemaa, Cal
S Secarce, Dawsoa
3>r E Pohl. Portland
Mrs Pohl. Portland
M!»« A Cayson, Portld
Miss E Primroa, N T
H P Taylor, N Y
Mr & Mrs SnodweJl SF
r B Cavarly, Honolulu
21 G Vercoe, FYeeno
11 -G Northam. L A
P. J Northam & w, LA
A L. Oppenhelmer, Mpl
'I F R.jwrr.an. Clevclnd
I> Firhrr.an, N Y
B A HUlard & w, -I<5ho
T. IX Oraiiam Hanford
I 1 IfUrptU' & wf, L A
}" T Barlow & wf M Y
•I H Primrose. N T
J Lewis, Oregon
L Dockstaaer & w. NT
J Coates. Cacada
E W Husted. N Y
M B Olbbs. London
A C Ctmi) & wf. N Y
D Reid. London. Londn
W M Vlrtua, 8ydnty
E H Morris. Buffalo
J P Hall 4c wt. Plo Alt
E Cowles & wf. N Y
F B Mcllroy. H Y
a Fletcher, Grass Vail
A J B'.eradorf, Chicago
E T Nichols. N r
K M Gains & wf. N T
Mrs J C Sulllran. N Y
MIfb Sullivan. K Y
r lUtttnha.tis, Mlnturn
O Pepper Jr. PrUladel
VI <3e V Moran, 6an Rf
3 C Fafcrney & wf. Ill
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.) ;/
SAN FRJLNCIBCO. Dec. 24. 5 p.'m.
The following: are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfalls in last 2* hours:
Weather Report.
"There Is more movement In California Lon
don layer raisins, with possibly a little better
feeling on these goods owing to some reduc
tion of the quantity of layers on the spot.
Sales of 4000 boxes of 8-crown layers were re
ported yesterday at $1 40 for shipment to some
market south of New York. There haa been
some business In 2-crown aad 3-crown layers
also at from a little under $1 833*1 45. Loose
raisins are easier, with small demand. Some
3-crown goods have been sold as low as 6c.
Malaga cluster raisins are lower. Jobbers re
port a very good demand for Malagas for the
holiday trade. Prunes are selling very slowly,
with no sign of improvement at the moment.
Currants are easier, but quotations remain
about the same. Evaporated apples are quiet
•Some holders ask as high as 5V*o for prime, but
no bids of over 6c are heard of. Chops are
firmer, eales for January being reported at
$1 37tt
"Qrenoble and Naples walnuts are lower.
French are selling quite freely at 9H@9%c. Fil
berts are In fair request." .
'•Trade shows a little more activity, though,
sales aro mostly of email lots.. Persian dates
were Mo lower yesterday, the arrival of the"
Mlnnehaha from London with around 21.000
boxes new crop goods causing the spot market
to decline to meet the quotations ! for the new
arrivals. Demand continues fairly active, sales
of several thousand boxes being reported.
Mall advices from New York say:
Dried Fruit and Raisins , in New
" York.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands \ sell
about lc under '. quotations. . Heavy . Baited
Eteers, 10c; medium.' 8c; V light, 8%c; Cow
hides. 9o' for heavy and 8}Jc for light; Stags,
6>ic- Salted Kip.* 9Hc: Salted Veal, 9V6«: Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 15'.4c; culls, 13»jc; Dry
Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, 16c; -/ culls and ;. brands,
14o; Sheepskins, ; shearlings, --5Q<{f 39c each;
short Wool, ' 20<g50c each; -.medium, ¦ 60@75o;
long Wool, 75c@U each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 bit
62 75 for large and $2 Zfi for medium, $1 25 for
email and SOq for colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75
for large, $1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small and
Wool and ; Hops are neglected at the moment
and will probably remain, so during the rest
of the holidays. .^^^§S^^0S^SSfiS^SlsBBA
Hides are weak and several descriptions are
lower..
The market continues nominal and of a holi
day character.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll©UHo per lb for
heavy ll%©l*c for light medium. 12 V£® 13c for
lleht 13Vi@Mo tor extra light and 15®15HO for
eugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, ll^O
Tc- Mess Beef. $12 60 per barrel; : extra Mess.
$18 '¦¦Family.. II*: «tra Prime Pork. ,$18; extra
clear,' $19 60: Mess, JIT; Smoked Beef, lie per
LARD— Tierces quoted at 694e per lb for com
pound and BHo for pure;: half -barrels, pure,
8%c; 10-lb tins, 10c; B-lb tlni,,10^o.; . .¦
: COTTOLENE— One-half barrel, ¦ 8He; thre«
half- barrels, 8c; one ; tierce, 7%c: two tierces,
7%o: Ove tierces. 7Ho per lb.'
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Provisions.
The market continues flat an<J unchanged,
there being nothing doing. No activity is ex
pected until after the turn of the year.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras.' 4 sizes, 3c;
40-508, 7c: 50-Ws, 6%c: 60-70s. 3%c; 7O-8Os, S%e;
$0-90si 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2%c; 100s and- over, 2c: ru- v
bies. Vic premium; Sonomas, He and San Joa
quln's Mo less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots," SQ
8c for Royals and 10©10V4c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 6«?6c ; »un-drled «HO «Hc ;
Peaches, 4®5o for standard, . .i®6e for cholc»
and 6W3TO for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums.
BAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the i following prices for th«
season of 1800: Bleached Thompson's, fancy, 12 0
'ner lb: choice, lie; standard. 8%c; prime; g 0 ;
{^bleached Thompson's »c lb. Sultanas
p-ancy lOttc per lb: choice. S%c; standard. S*c
prime' 8c? unbleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless
60-lb boxes, 6V»c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers
t-crown, U 60 Per box: 3-crown. $1 60; Fancy
Clusters." $2; Dehesa.- $» 60; Imperial, »1 A ll
prices f • o. b. at common shipping points in
C NU < TS l^Che«tnut!, 7H®9c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No." 1. softshefl, lie; No. 3, » C ; No. i
hardshell. 10c; Wo. Z, 7Hc; Almonds. l?$lSo for
""ershell 90UC for softshell; Peanuts, 6@«c
Fo^Eastern: Brasll Nuts, 13c; Filberts, itojfj!
cansll@13o: Cocoanuts, $3 50@5. . - '
HONEY-Comb. 13%@14Hc for bright and 1»H
6^ES P WAX-24@2 g o per lb.
APPLTSS — 3<Xg8Oc - per box for, common and
65c@$l 25 for good to choice; Spitzenbergs, $1®
1 75; Oregon Spitzenbergs, $1@1 25; Lady Ap
ples. $1 75@3 50 per box.
PEARS— 33c® $1 BO per box.
CRANBERRIES— Jerseys, $12; Wlsconslns,
$13 60: Cape Cod, $14 per barrel; Coos Bay, $3 50
<S2 75 per box. !
STRAWBERRIES— Large berries, $3©4 per
chest; email. 25<&35o per drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel , Oranges, $1@2 50;
Seedlings, 75c@$l 50; Tangerines, $1@1 25; Man
darins %\'H\ 25; Lemons, 25c@$l 25 for common
arrl $l' 50@2 50 for good to choice: Grace Fruit,
75c©$150; Mexican Limes. $4@4 50; California
Limes 25@35c; Bananas, $1@2 per bunch; Pine
apples, $1@2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DECIDUOUS FRUJlTS—
There was no change in Apples, Pears or
Citrus Fruits, the market being well supplied
with all kinds. Another Orange auction is
announced for Friday.' * ..
Eleven chests of Strawberries came in for
Christmas. . ¦ '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Keg— 20c per lb. , .. ',.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream." Mo; choice, lie;
common, nominal; Young Americas, 13^c;
Eastern, full cream, 15©16%c per lb.
EGGS— . - ; .; iv-*
California ranch— Selected white, 34c; mixed
colors. Sic per, dozen. ¦
Celifornla Gathered— Fancy. 28c; standard,
26c; seconds, .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, 27V4c;
seconds, -»— ;¦
Storage— California fancy. 23c; standard, ;
Eastern, fancy, 23c; standard, -; seconds.
Pickle— 20c per lb,
Dairy— Extras, 23c; firsts. 21c; seconds, 19c;
store, 15c.
Storage — Creamery extras, tt'-Ao; flr»te, 21c;
seconds, 20c; dairy extras, 19c.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were '218 boxes Butter, 498 cases California
ETggF, "63 cases Eastern E&gs, 4S50 lbs Cali
fornia Cheese and 603.! lbs Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 27c ; firsts, 25c ; seconds.
Prices of Egtrs declined on the Dairy Ex
change, receipts being- ample. There was no
charjge In Butter and Cheese. Creamery But
ter was steady, but the lower grades were
weak. 'Cheese ruled firm.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Dressed Turkey market was in better
shape yesterday. There was a large quantity
of stock on hand, but It was frozen or lean or
email, and otherwise undesirable, fine, large
Turkeys being scarce. Receipts were only 27
tons. The commission merchants kept open
Sunday and sold all day at about 14<3>lSo for
good stock. In the afternoon yesterday there
was a lively call for a good article, but there
was little disposition among buyers to ' take
poor stock, someof which sold down to 8@10c.
Other Poultry was dull and nominal.
Came was In moderate supply, arrivals being
about S5 f-acks, and It sold off very well. '
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 12H@13c for Gob
blers'and 13H@Hc for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
ll@16c; Eastern Dressed Turkeys, 10@13c;
Geese, per pair, $1 50@2; Goslings, $1 75®2;
Ducks, $3@4 for old and $4 60@6 for young:
Hens, $3ig5; Toung Roosters, $4 50©5; Old Roos
ters, |3 50@4; Fryers, »4@4 50; Broilers, J3 75®4
for large and 53g3 50 for small; Pigeons. $1 per
dozen for old and $2®2 25 for Squabs.
- GAME— Quail. $1 25; Mallard, $3@S 50; Canvas
back, $3®3 50; SpriR, $2^2 50; Teal. $1 25@1 50;
Widgeon, $1@1 60; Small Duck. 75c@$l; Black
Jack, $1 25; Gray Geese, $3; White Geese, Jl@
125; Brant,' $150 for small and $2 for largo;
Honkers. $i@4 50; English Snipe, $1 75@2; Jack
Snipe, $1 25; Hare, $1 23: Rabbits. $1 25@1 80
for Cottontail and $1 for Brush; Doves, 65c per
dozrn. . •-.? .;
Potiltry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 8S»10c per lb;
String Beans, 10@17V4e; Cabbage, 99c: Tomatoes,
Los Angeles, $1 50®2 25 per crate; Egg Plant,
Los Angeles, I0i&15o per lb; Green
Peppers, Los Angels, 2H@8o per lb;
Dried Peppers, 9@llc; Dried Okra,' 10®
15c per lb; Carrots, 25@35c per box: Hot
house Cucumbere, $1 50 per dozen; Summer
Squash, $l@2 per box; Garlic, 4®5o per lb; Mar
rowfat Squash, $12@15 per ton; Mushrooms,
10@20c per lb.
POTATOES— River Reds, 70@85o; Burbanks.
30@50o for River and $1@1 25 per ctl for Sa
linas and 50®95o for Oregon; Sweets, 40@60c
for Rivers and 75@90o for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 60@l 85 per ctl; Cut Onions, $1
®1 25 per ctl.
Christmas demand was excellent and high
prices ruled.' There was nothing new In Po
tatoes and Onions.
Mrs. E. Westwater fowner) with fr» W. Co
burn (contractor). Achltacts E. Depierre and
P Rlgbetti— All work for a two-story frame
building on W Hn« of Twenty-fourth avenue,
100 N of Lake, 10 by 130; $3320.
Builders' Contracts.
Anderson K. and FT*nce« L. Petemon to John
S. Dufton, lot 8. block 8, Warner Tract, Brook
lyn Township: $5ML ¦
H. C. Morris to Matilda F. Dufton, lot L
block 8. same; $3M*.
Annie R. and Eliza G. Darrie to John 8.
Dufton. lot 10. btock 1. same; $250.
Charles K. Clark to Harriet TV. Clark. 1
acre, being Tract 23, Batchelder Rancho, Mur
ray Township; also lot on 8 lino of Bristol
street. 90:11 E of Grant. B 159:1 9 123, W ISO.
JJ 115 to beginning, bain* lots 13. $4, 1$ and
cortlon of lot 32 on map of ranges of tots
3 and 4 Hardy Tract. Berkeley: also lot on
BW corner of Grant and Bristol streets. 8 12$
by W 50 portion of range I, same; gift.
BUILDERS
Archie L. Lar Rieu (single) to Ljrdla A. Lar
Rieu (widow;, lots 3 and 4 on man of Moun
tain View Tract, being portion of Dohr Tract.
Berkeley; «-«ft.
Charles and Annie Stockholm to H. B. Belden
and E. P. Cook, lot on SE corner of Tele
graph (prior to widening) and Weston avenues.
S 50, E 163:2H. N «O, W 161:4^ to beginning. b<*-
Init lot 5. block D, Broadway and Telegraph
Avenue Homestead, Oakland; tlOOO.
Joseph P. and Marianna J. Lawrence to M.
C. Petersen, all interest in *H acres, begin
ning at NE corner of lands of Joseph Lucas
on S line of Second avenue, thence NE 0.64
chains SB 4.91 chains. BW 5.5S china to cen
ter of Ward Creek, thence W 4.70 chains. NW
(.75 chains to beginning, Eden Township; $l00&
W. G. Hen»o.aw (surviving trustee of J. Lor
ber) to Union Savings Bank,' all Interest in 661
d 19, lots 3 and 4, block D, Alameda Station.
Homestead Tract; also lot on NW comer of
East Twelfth street and Fifteenth avenue. W
85 by N 140, lot 1 and £1 10 feet of lot 2. block
15. San Antonio. East Oakland: J5730.
O. G. and Eliza B. May to Emma C. Mentz.
lot on N line of Hilgard avenue, 300 W of
Euclid avenue. W SO by N 123, Lot $ Block 8.
Daley's Scenic Park, subject to mortgage for
$400. Berkeley: ItOOO.
Pome (surviving trust's of Emma A. War
ren) to same, all Interest In C70 d 133. lot on
NW line of Fourth avenue, 100 NS of East
Eighth, NE 25 by NW 123, lot 8. block 5, Clin
ton, East Oakland; $1553.
George K. and Bessie M.. Holloway to H«n
rletta A. Raamusen, lot 9 and N 19 feet of lot 19.
Map of Berkeley Park, subject to deed ot
trust. Berkeley: $1000.
William O. Hesshaw (surviving truste* of
S. Gertrude Smyth) to same, all Interest Ml d
41, In lots 47, 43 and 49, Templstoa Tract, East
Oakland; $1000. .
William O. Henshaw (surviving: trustee for
Elizabeth and J. A. A. Sander) to Union Sav
ings Bank, all Interest in 843 d 369, lot on SW
corner of Sixth and Brush streets, S JO by W
75. lot 15 and N 5 feet of lot is, block 99, same.
Oakland; $2454.
Anton and Olavia Chrtatensen to Thomas M.
Anthony, lot on SW corner of Ca*tr© and Fourth
streets, S 22 by W 70, portion of lota 15 aad 15.
block 25. Kellersberffer'a Map. Oakland; $6000.
Elizabeth L. Brooks (widow) to Ann* Horn
by (wlf* of O. K.). lot oa H lln* of Poplar
street. SO 3 of Tenth. 8 30 by B 115, btock H*.
Oakland; $2500.
Corlnne E. Wood (guardian of th« estate of
Helen B. Wood, minor) to same, all Interest in
an undivided 13-34 interest In iuu, Oakland;
$198.
Corlnna A.\. Wood (single) to DavH 8. Shsr
man, undivided 66-31 interest in lot on S3 cor
ner of Eighteenth and Paralta streets, B 100:5'.*.
S 54:9. W 114:6. N «:7%. NE 50:2 to beginning
of lots 7 and S. block <03A on map of Sagg*
Tract. Oakland: $100.
Eliza P. and Alfred S. Hammeraley to Max
W. Koenlg. lot on S line of Harmon stravt, 125
E of Calais. E 23 by 9 133. block A, on map
of subdivision 0: SW portion of plot w, Peralu
ranch, Berkeley; $500.
Max W. Koenlg to H. H. Brand, lot on S
ltae of Harmon street. S25 E of Calais, B 75
by S 135. block A. sain*. BerkeUy; $3000.
The McCarthy Co. (a corporation) to John
J. and Amelia Atkins, lota 1. 1 and i. bloc*
B. Christiana Tract. Berkeley; $20.
Emily B. Hopkins (widow) to Merrill* C.
Threlkeld, lot on NW corner of Ro«s and Arcii
streets. W 7156, N 12120. E 71. 25, S 113.35 to
beginning, block A, oa Map of Hopkins Ter
race. Berkeley: $2000.
Louisa Fromme (wlfs> of Auguat) and Annl*
Silva iwlfe ot Charles) to Henry A. Duerle.
lot on N* line, of Grant avenue, 860 E of Tele
graph avenue, E 58 by N 115, being lot 70 and
portion of lot 69, on map of subdivision Mos*«
wood Tract, quitclaim deed. Oakland; $10.
Samuel CHmo (single) to Mary T. Lasge
(wife of F. W. Jr. >. riot on E line of Chester
•treet, 240:0% S of West Twelfth. S J1:11U by
E 123. being lot 1, block 537. Map of Chester
and Center Street Lots, Oakland; J1000.
Clara A. Ball to Fred W. Wllle, all interest
in lot on N line of Eighth street. 160 W of
Willow. W 23, N *5:». E to a point. 8 »1:3
to beginning, lot 20, block 637. Casaerly Tract,
Oakland: $1000.
John R. Glascock to Maud L. Baker, lot 13.
Map of Glascock and Blow Temescal Tract,
Oakland; $173.
San Francisco and Oakland Mutual Loan
Association to Henry P. Smith, lot on E line oJ
Vernon atreet. 3Q0 N of Santa Rosa avenue,
N 60 by E 132. being lot IS and N half lot Id.
block F. Stanford Tract, Oakland; $2000.
Bert and Johanna Schlesinger to Anna A.
Lewis, lot on 8 line of Middle (or West Ninth*
street. ISO SB from SE line of ppralta. thence
along line of Middle (or West Ninth) street
100. thence SW 115, NW 100, NE 145 to be
ginning, being lota 11 and 12 and E half lot IS.
Map of Center Street Homestead, Oakland:
$3000.
Mark Parish (administrator estate Charles
11. Eastman) to John Bayard Redfleld, lots 29
to 31. block 670, Glaacock Tract, Oakland:
Slow.
Mary E. and Harry Hutchlnson to Lucie
Meyer (widow), lot on W line of Adellna street.
52:6 N of Third. N 27 by W 7S:3. block 4~.
Brlgga Tract. Oakland: $600.
Manoel Louzo Flgulreedo to Claus Relawra.
17.38 acres beginning at a point where til* line
between section* 3 and 3. township 2 S. raaga 1
W; Intersects the middle of county road, leading
from Doughertys Station to Haywards, thenc»
S 5.35 chains, W 20.42 chains. NE » chains. 812
6.10 chains, SB 16.37 chains to beginning. Mur
ray Township: $1000.
streets. S 170 by $ 18:4, portion of block O. on
Map of Northern Extension ot Oakland. «ub
ject to a mortgage for $332. Oakland: $500.
Herrmann J. Sadler to Erwln Sadler, lot 13.
block A, and lot 8, block C, Map of property ot
Berkeley Homestead Association, Berkeley; $500.
John T. Stream or Strom to Marie Stream or
Strom, lot on W line of Park avenue. 170:8 N Of
San Jose avenue, N 37. W 126:«, S 31. E 12«:« to
beginning, being the N 37 feet of subdivision A
of lot 13 on Map of Alameda Park Homestead,
Alameda; gift.
SUMMARY. OF: THE MARKETS.
New York Exchange advanced. Silver unchanged. ., i > > r
Produce and Stock and Bond Exchanges closed.
Dressed Turkey market takes a slight turn for the better.
Game in good demand at reasonable prices.
Vegetables sell off readily. Potatoes and Onions unchanged
Orange auction, to be~ resumed on Friday. ; - : <
gutter steady, Cheese firm and- Eggs lower.
Dried Fruits and Raisins Hat and neglected. ¦¦¦, ; '
Provisions very quiet and nominal.
Wool and Hops inactive and unchanged. .':,* .
Hides weak and slightly lower.
Good business in the Oil Stocks.
Crushed, 6.15c: Powdered. 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated, 6.75c; Dry Granulated, 5.65c; Confec
tioners' A, 5.66c; Magnolia A, 6.25c; Extra C.
5.15c; Golden C, 6.05c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes, SOc more; 50-lb bags.
Mo more. < No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half-bar
rels. «.40c: boxes. «.65o per lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows; .Pine,
ordinary sties, $16*3 17; extra sizes, higher; Red
wood. $17@18 for No. 1 and $15<gl6 for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet. $3 5004; Pickets. $1S: Shingles,
yi 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Shakes,
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic, $20^26.
_ * ¦
* — ;
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7U@
7»4c per lb; Whtto Lead, 7@7?*c, according to
quantity. •<
QUICKSlLVER-*47 60fl48 50 per flask for lo
cal us» and $45 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, In 100- tb bass:
COAL mU GASOLINE AND . BENZINE—
Water White Coal Oil. in bulk, 12c; Pearl Oil.
cases. 18c; Astral. ISc; Star. 18c: Extra Star,
22o; Klaine, 23c: Eocene, 20c; "Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, in bulk, 14%c; cases. 2O^jc; Benzine,
bulk, 13ttc; cases, 19^c; 86-degree Gasoline,
bulk. SOc; cases, 26c per gallon.
TURPENTINE— 65c per gallon in cases and
60c in drums or Iron barrels.
OILS— California Castor CHI, In cases. Xo. 1.
75c; pure, 11 30; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled,
70c; raw, 6Sc; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 69c per
gallon for boiled and 67c for raw; Lard Oil,
•xtra winter strained, barrels, 70c; cases. 75c;
China Nut, 60<370c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot
Oil, barrels, 66c; cases, 70c: Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil, natural white. >7%Q42%C per gallon;
Fish Oil. barrels, 35c; cases, 40c.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 28@33c per lb; Sol©
Leather, medium, 26@30c; Sole Leather, light.
20@28c; Rough Leather, heavy. 27®2Sc; Rough
Leather, light. 26®26c; Harness Leather, heavy,
32@3Sc; Harness Leather, medium, 30(g37c; Har
ness Leather, light, 23#35c; Collar Leather. X»iii
I60 per foot: Kip. unfinished. 40f;50c per lb;
Veal, finished, 50@55c: Calf, finished. 75c®$l 20;
Sides, finished, 16@17c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits, 141916c; Rough Splits, 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground. $26@28 per ton; Stick.
$lS«<20 . per cord. .'
Salvador— 11® 13c for good to prime washed;
10@10%c for fair washed; ll@12<Ac for good to
prim© washed peaberry; 10^i@ll£o for good to
prime eeml- washed; — @10%c for superior un
washed; 10@104e for good green unwashed; 11
(gllHc for good to superior unwashed peaberry;
7@8*ic for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 13@16c nominal for prime to fancy
¦washed; 10@12Hc nominal for fair to strictly
good washed; 9%@10%o nominal for good to su
perior unwashed; ll@ll«4c nominal for good
to prime unwashed peaberry. •
Guatemala and Mexican— 13®16c for prime to
.fancy washed: ll?i@12?ic for" strictly good
washed; — @MH4e for good washed; 9*i«10Hc for
fair washed; 9@924c for medium; 6%@8%c for
inferior to ordinary; 12@13c for good to prime
washed peaberry; ll@ll£c nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry: IO^IO^q nominal
for good to superior unwashed. '
COFFEE— Coeta Rica— 13@14c for prime
washed; ll@12He for good washed; 12@13c for
good to prime washed peaberry; ll@ll%c for
good to prime peaberry ; Ilt?l2o for good to
prime; 10@10?ic for good current mixed with
black beans; 9V£@10Hc for fair; 7@8»ic for com
mon to ordinary. /
CORDAGE}— The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 12Hc per lb:
felsal sizes and bale ropes, 9c; Duplex. 80
Terms, 60 days or lft per cent cash discount.
PACIFIC CODFISH-Bundles, per lb. 8c
cases, 3V4c; cases, extra large, 4c; cases imi
tation Eastern, 5c; Boneless. 4&C; Norway
Strips. 4Hc; Narrow Gauge, 4*c; Silver King,
6c; Blocks Oriental, 4%c; Seabright, 6c; Tab
lets, 6c; Middles, Golden State, 5l£c; Middle*.
White Seal, 7c; 5-lb boxes fancy Boneless, *V«c;
Desiccated, per dozen, 75c; Pickled Cod, - bar
rels, each, $S 60; Pickled Cod, half-barrels,
each, $3 76.
CANNED FRUIT— Extras .in 2H-lb 'tins are
quoted as follows: Apricots. $1 60: Cherries, $3
for black and $2 for Royal Anne; Grapes. SI 35-
Feaches, »1 65@1 75; Pears, 11 85; Plums. 11 86®
1 40; Quinces. |1 65; Strawberries, $1 76.
COA^r— Wellington, »!» per ton; So»thfleld
Wellington. |9; Seattle. *7; Bryant. »7; Coos
Bay. {5 60; Wallsend. J9; Co-operative Wall»
ertd, $9; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Eggr. $14; Can
cel, $10 per ton; Coke, $15 par ton in bulk and
US In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. JS 45
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand. -
BAGS— San Quentin Bags. $5 «5; Calcutta
Grain Ba«, June and July. 6%c: Wool Bags,
28%@32Hc; Fleece Twine, 7Hc; Fruit Bags,
6%e6%o for white and 8>4®8%c for bleached
Jute. . •
General Merchandise.
VEAL— Large, g®9c; small. 9@10c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers, 9®9&c; Ewes, 8HS9c per
LAMB— 10®10%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hok«, 5<*c for «mall and 5Hc for
medium and 5%@5Hc for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5<g>6Kc; dressed Hogs, 714@8Hc.
' Previous prices, rule.
BEEF— 7®8c for steers and 6©7c per lb for
cows. -, •"#•
60c for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins.
35c; fall or medium skins, SOc; winter or thin
skins, - 20c. Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c;
large and smooth, SOc; medium, 33c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 404%o per lb; No.
2. 8!*c; rrease, t®2V4c.
WOOL— Spring clip ls quotable as follows:
Northern, free, ¦ 15®16c; Northern, defective. U
©Mo; Middle County, free, - 15016c; Middle
County, defective, 12® 14c; Southern Mountain,
12 months', S)@10o; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', 11012c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 9® lie: Humboldt and Mendoclno.
16@l7c; Nevada. 13@l6o per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln, ttiOSc: do lambs. »
©9c; Middle County, 9©l0c; Northern Mountain,
free, - lOQllc; Southern Mountain, 7%©8Vic;
Humboldt and Mendocino, llfilio per lb.
HOPS— 12318c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
It Is known that Governor Pickens had
children by three marriages, Douschfca
being the youngest, but that one of his
daughters had been killed certainly Is not
eenerallv known. Governor Pickens died
about the close of the war. Douschka
grew up to -lovely womanhood and mar
ried Dr. Dugas of Augusta. Ga. She died
a year ago. The priceless jewels present
ed her by the Czar are in the possession
of her little daughters.
A few years later occurred another re
markable event in her life, which was
more sad and heartrending than it was
remarkable. It was a sad wedding scene.
Her half-sister, a daughter of her father
by a form«r marriage, was to be married.
They stood at the sacred altar,- Little
Douschka stood with the attendants near
the bride with both hands full of flowers.
A moment more and these two throbbing
hearts would be joined for life and two
lives happily united In one. But, alas!
Just as the solemn words fell from the
minister's lips— "now I pronounce you"—
all were startled— a shriek, a groan, a
frantic scream and all was changed. A
cruel ball from a Federal gunboat, which
was aadlng to besiege the doomed city,
crashed through the roof of the sacred
place and struck the fair young bride full
In the chest and dashed out the young
life Just at this joycus period. Her warm
life blood was scattered over all the at
tendar.ts and the groom and little
Douschka were nearly drenched. This
was surely one of the saddest scenes in
all the dark years of carnage that madft
the South a desolation and filled the land
with mourners.
The pride of the South has always been
its beautiful and cultured women. Every
Southern State has had its historic hero
ine, the very name of which thrills a pat
riotic chord In thousands of warm South
ern hearts. Among the many whose
names are sacredly enshrined in the his
toric page is that of Louise Holcomb, one
of Texas' fairest daughters, who was inti
mately associated with much that was
dear to every Southern heart, and the
subject of a most touching and patriotic
romance. V:'^-
In 1856 she was married to the dashing
ajid historic Colonel Flckens, who was
then representing South Carolina in Con
gress. Her life in Washington was short
as the next year the colonel was sent to
Russia by President Buchanan. With his
young and beautiful and brilliant wife he
soon oecame the favorite of the Czar and
Empress, while all St. Petersburg was
their willing subjects. In 1S58 their first
and only child was born in the Czar's own
palace of Romanoff, which he had kindly
placed at their disposal. The Empress
was "bo much attached to the young
mother that she claimed the right of god
mother lor the baby v and gave her the
strange but expensive name of Douschka,
which means in the Russian language
"little darling."
In the same year that Lincoln was elect
ed President Colonel Pickens was elected
Governor of South Carolina. He re
signed his diplomatic position and re
turned home. His departure cast a gloom
over the entire court and the little child
was loaded with presents. The Czar, with
his own hand, hung around her neck a
fine minfature of himself in gold. To the
day of his death he never forgot. her, but
the return of each birthday brought with
It a valuable present from the Czar.
Now the scene changes. Lincoln was
inaugurated President and Colonel Pick
ens Governor of South Carolinsu You all
know too well what followed the secession
of most of the Southern States, the or
ganization of the Confederacy at Mont
gomery, Ala., the levying of troops and
the preparation for the terrible war that
followed. Beauregard was in command
at Charleston, and it was deemed best to
reduce Fort Sumter, in Charleston har
bor, so he sent a telegram to the Gover
nor at Columbia to visit the historic city
at once to "witness the inception of hos
tilities." The wife and baby went with
the Governor, who after carefully inspect
ing all the batteries declared that all was
ready. General Beauregard then took the
child In his arms, placed a torch In her
hand and showed her where to touch the
fuse, and thus wae fired the first gun by
little Douschka, the godchild of the Em
press of Russia. But this was not the
fast of her sangninary experiences during
the terrible wax that she started.
In times of. deoperata civil war trage
dies of a private nature, however start
ling they might be In times of peace, at
tract little attention. There has been a
loxend that during the bombardment of
Charleston a bride was killed while the
marriage ceremony was In progress.
Nothing definite has been written about
this incident of the war In many years.
The following 6tory of the remarkable af
fair ls contained in an old manuscript,
eajs a Columbia, B. C, correspondent of
the St. Louis Globe-Democrat:
Hitherto "Unpublished Story of One
of the Most Dramatic Events •
of the War of. the Bey
bellion.
Fust Lighted by the Hand
of Governor Pickens*
Daughter.
FIRST GUN FIRED
ON FORT SUMTER
Mary Con boy (wHow) to Thomas J. Fe«ney.
lot on SE corner or, Twenty-second and Filbert
Equity Building and Loan Association to
Anna C. Andrews and Klsie L. HowaiM, lot on
W-line of Opal street, 120 N of Wenton avenue
or Thirty-eighth street, N 25 by W lis,- lot 3
block E. Broadway and Telegraph avenue ParK
tract,-. being 'a resubdlvislon of blocks A to E
Weston Tract,, OakSand: HOflO.
M. and BUza B. Rinehart, J. 8. and Mary
I A Myers to Susan A. Long (wife of Herbert
Lanp), all Interest In lot on N line of Brown
or Thirty-fourth street. 3S4 W of Telegraph
avenue, W 45 by N 1T9:W, portion of lot M,
on Map B of portion of estate of A. C. Brown,
Frank 'souie to Adelaide S. Soule, lot on E
line of Hlllegasa avenue. 133.SS S of Dwlfht
way S 50 by E 159.4S. lot 26. block B. Hille
aass' tract. Map 3, Berkeley; gift.
John P. Cramer (by J. B. Lanktree, commis
sioner) to H. L. Whitney and Carrie M. Irwln,
lot 'on NE corner cf Calais and Harmon struts.
E 100 by N 90. being the S two-third* of lota
9 and 10, block D. Harmon tract. Berkeley;
Clara A. Stoll twldow) to. Bank of Alameda.
lot on NW corner of Park street and Railroad
avenue. N 76, W 174:11 Vi. S 11150. E 172.63. to
beninninK. lot* 7. » and 9. block 4.. lands ad
iacent to Enclnal Mlnturn tract, Al&meda: also
lot on 8 line of Paclnc avenue, 1SS:O-; W of
Park street. W 200 by S ISO, lots 15. to 18. block
47. lands adjacent to same. Alameda; $1500.
Newton' and Cornelia M. Benedict to William
Walsh, lot on E line of Market street. 26:5 N
of Fifteenth,. N 2«:5, E 107, 9 15:11. W MS. to
beginning. .being the N portion of lot 1, block
B on Map of property of North Oakland Home
stead Association. Oakland: $1560..
Marie Peyrot (widow) to M. Rinehart. lot on
\V line of Harrison street. 23 N of Sixth. N
25 by w 73. lot - 21. block 63, Kellersbarger'a
Map, Oakland; $1500.
E. G. DulsenberR (aingle) to Joseph Peres,
lot' on SW corner of He ward and Montgomery
streets. W 60 by. S' 100. lots 40 and 41. block 10.
Howe tract/ Oakland: JSffl.
Alice W. and Joseph G. Shebley to Thomas
D Carneal, undivided half Interest In lot on
NE corner of Broadway and Thirteenth street,
N BO by E 1Q0, lots 1, I and portion of lot !S
blook 191, Kellersberger's Map, Oakland: HO.
Murty and Margaret Sullivan to Mary Ann
Vorpe. lot on 'NE corner of Thirty-sixth and
Grove streets. N 124.J7. E 25. S 138.77. W 15.115
to beginning, belne the W portion of lot 4
block H, Apgar Tract. Oakland; $2300.
Alameda County.
Same to George K. Frlnk (sama reversion),
lot on NW lino of Mission street, 328 NE of
Eighth. NE 63 by NW 165; also lot on SW lln«of
Seventh, 180 N\V of Folsom, NW 47:4 by BW
165: also lot on SW line of Third street, S3 SE
of Perry, SE 25 by SW 73. subject to life estate;
Ernest Claxton to Annie Goold, lot on W line
of Thirty-seventh avenue, 150 N of J. N SO by
120; $500.
Ellen, Kdward. John F. and Charles A. Lit
tleford. John and Helena Wagner <Llttlef ord)
tc Andrew Jones, lots 1 to 14. block R of
Mission Street Land Company; $500.
Susan H. Qrav (widow) to Matthias K. Gray,
lot 235 block 83, lots 29 and 23, blpck 123.
lot lio! block 140. lot 109. block ltt. all in
Central Park Homestead; also lots S. ( and 7.
block 23. lots 13 and 14, block 24. Sunny Vale
Homestead; also lot 4, block 465. Bay View
Homestead; also property In other counties;
Stanford Addition Land Company (corpora
tion) to J. B. and Sarah K- Tesethoff, lots S9
and 51 block 130. Bunny side Addition No. 1;
$500. .. . _
Estate of Bridget Alvey (tnooiniMUnt) by Em-,
mett H. Dunn (guardian to Lavite Figonl. lot
on E line of Dupont street. 70:6 S of Filbert,
S 27 by E 60; $3300.
Louisa and Frank SUva to Frederick Weg
ener. lot on N line of Lombard street, 83: J E
of Hyde, E 10:5 by N 69:6; $500.
George \V. and Minerva K. Frtnk to Abby
Frink Btckell (wife of Homer F.), during her
natural life with remainder In fee to her heirs,
lot on NW line of Mission street. S8S NE of
Eighth.' NE 63 by NW 165: — ; also lot on 8YV
line of Seventh Street, 227:6 NW of Folaom.
NW 47:6 fcy SW 163; — ; also lot on NE lln«
of Eighth street, 48 SB of Minna, SE 23 by NE
65; also lot on E line of Folsom, 148 :2H S of
Twelfth. S 49, E 80, X 44:11%, W 80, subject to
Lena M. Dunand (wife of Louis F.) to Com
mercial Building and Loan Association, lot on
S line of Clipper street. ISO W of Sanchez, W
24:8 by S 114: $500.
Minnie and M. IX Brown et al. to Jonas
Schoenfeld, lot on E Una of Front street, 83:8
N of Pine, N 60, E 90, S< 8 Inches, E 48:5H.
S 50. W 46:5H. N 8 Inches. W 90; — : also lot
on E line of Front, SS:2 N of Pine. N 50 by H
1J8:5%; $54,000.
Jonas and Selma Schoenfeld to William Gls
elman. same (2 pieces); $53,330.
Thomas Rychold to John Kane, lot on NW
line of Natoma street. 135 feet 3W of Tenth.
SW BO by NW 75;" $6000; also lot on E Una ot
William street, 87:6 S of Geary. S 25 by E 66:
— ; also lot on N line of Green street, 153 w
of Kearny, W 20 by N 57:8; fjft.
Jacob B. Forner to Eliza Forner. lot on B
line of Stevenson street 210 N of Ridley. N 23
by E 77:6; also lot on N line of Green street,
155 W of Kearny, W 20 by N M:«; irift.
Frederlka F. Schloss (widow). Xannls A. and
Morris Meyerfeld Jr. to Adelaide F. McDonnell
(fcrame sole), lot on N line of Fell street, 53 :1ft
W of Cole. ¦ W 25 by N 100; $3000.
John H. and Theresa Bruntngs to same, lot
on N line of Vallejo. street 29:6 feet W of FIH
more. W 27 by N 96: $10,500.
Delia Beretta. to Theresa M. Brooks. lot on
N line, of Sacramento street, XI :» feat W of
Steiner, W 29 by N 103; 15000.
Bertha Schonwasser to Charlotts 8. Weir, lot
on S line of Pine street." 227:3 feet E of Devlsa
dero, E 22:9 by S 137:«; $5000.
Robert G. and Elizabeth S. Hooker to Lloyd
F. Weaver, undivided sixth of lot on W Una
c-f Flllmore street, 96 feet N of Vallejo, I* 4 by
W 83:6; foOO. ,
Morton W.-*Howard to John C. Westphal. lot
on E line- of Thirty-eighth avenue. 250 8 of X
street, S 60 by E 120; J50O.
Same to Henry Jepsen. lot on NW corner of
U street and Thirty-seventh avenue. ,W «:s
by N 100; $500.
George T. Shaw Jr. to Kate C. O'Brien, lota
1447 to 1450. 1477 to 14S0 and 1S65 to IMS and 1374
to 1985, Gift Map 4; grant.
Percy and Eniilie S. Beamish to Ella M.
Rohlffs, lot on XE corner Lombard street and
Van Ness avenue, N 32:6 by 109; 14500.
Daniel Sealea to Paolo A. and Celestlna, De
martini, lot on SB corner of Green and Dupont
streets, S 68:9 by E 83:6; *19,000.
San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum, So
ciety (corporation) to Catherine Callahan, lot
on SW line of Sixth street, 30 SE- of Minna, BE
60 by SW 75, quitclaim deed; »10.
John Q. A. and J. C. K. Ballou to Walter 8.
Oliver, lot on K line of Iowa street. 150 3 of
Twenty- third (Nevada), S 75 by E 100; 12000.
Walter S. and Minnie B. Oliver to John P.
Foley, lot on E line of Iowa street. 150 S of
Twenty-third (Nevada). S 60 by E 100; »1500. r
J. W. Wright & Sons' Investment Company
to Winslow Anderson, " lot on W line of Forty
fifth avenue, 225 N of C street, N 75. W 120; S
25, W 120. S 25, E 120. S 25. E 120; »00O.
Winslow Anderson to Bertha L. Anderson,
same; sift. ,
Mannheim Marks (by M. F. Vandal!, com
missioner) to German Savings and Loan So
ciety, lot on W line of Castro street, S5 N of
Twenty- ftret; N 25 by W 125; 14312.
Patrick Harrington to Bveltna Chorley. lot on
W lino of Hampshire street. 250 S of Twenty
second. S 25 by W 100; J350.
Patrick and Margaret Gilbride to John C
and . Annie Gilbride. lot on N line or Four
teenth Sreet, 25 W of Church, W 25 by N 100;
rift.
George E. and Emmeline L. Bates and Roger
Johnson to Horace W. Carpentler. lot on SE
line of Market street, 83:4 SW* of Sanchez. SW
179:S. SE U0, NB 168:11H. N 16:5ii. NW 97:6;
11000. ,
Walter Cox, Frederica Mercer (efcx) and Wil
liam S. Mercer to Joseph G. Cox, undivided
third of lot on E line of Capp street, 165 N of
Nineteenth, N 45 by E 122:«; U.00O.
Elizabeth A. Bowden to Fannie H. Darwalt.
lot on-S line of Jackson street. 165 E of Bu
•ohanan. K 27:8. by S 127:8U; gift
Eveline I>. Bean to Thomas J. Bean, lot on
SW line of Tenth street. 187:6 NW of Harrison.
NW 25 by SW 109; gift.
Sarah Koeenbaum to Patrick W. Rlordan.
lot on E line of Guerrero street. 190 S of Rid
ley (Thirteenth), S 160 by B 2S0. quitclaim
deed; $10.
Jay B. Russell (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Htbornla Savings and Loan Society,
Western Addition blocks 43 and 44, 10O-vara
lagoon lot No. 22 lying between Lombard and
Filbert streets If extended W beyond Larkin
street on line of Greenwich if so extended;
$10,751.
Afternoon Session.
300 Challenge JC. 18 I 100 Confidence .. iS
200 Challenge C. 17 I 400 Mexican 33
350 Con C & V...1 52HI 300 Ophlr 63
• .¦•'•/. *
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
200 Challenge On- 14 200 Gould ft Cur. U
100 Con C & V..1 60 200 Gould & Cur. 82
S0O Con C A V...1 63 200 Ophlr «3
400 Con C & V...1 57V4 300 Ophlr «2
200 ConCAV...1621i 200 Savage 13
200 Confidence .. 56 1 200 Sierra. Nev... 28
Morning Session.
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
100 Alpha :. oa; 200 Crown Point... 11
400 Andes OS 200 Hale & Nor.... 17
4uO Belcher 13; 200 Justice 03
200 Best & Belcher. 25 100 Mexican 3'i
200 Caledonia ..... 47 ICO Ophlr 63
300 Caledonia 4»! 900 Fotosl ...-. 13
100 Challenge uj 300 Sierra Nevada. 2»
lOO Challenge 19! 60- Silver Hill 4o
100- Challenge ..... 1?1 100 Silver Hill 40
400 Challenge 1»-400 Union Con 20
100 Challenge ..... 18 600 Yellow Jacket. 17
200 Con Cal & Va.,1 50
Afternoon Session,
Morning Session.
IS? Andes •••• 08 1000 Mexican SI
300 Best & Belcher 24 100 Ophlr M
9W Con Cal & Va.l 50 800 Savase 1«
200 Gould & Curry 34 200 Sierra Nevada. 25
100 Gould & Curry S3 800 Silver Hill 48
200 Justice 03> 200 Union Con 19
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GATJli, TrTESDAY, DECEMBEK 25, 1900.
11
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
GRAND HOTEL.
C A Moore. Woodland
Kif! C IngTis, rortli!
I H Adams, Vaneouvi
1 A MUJer, Stanford
E U Roeenthal &. fm
. Portland
F -\V Johnson. C«J
C *I> Howard. Seattle
J R. Basch, Stanford
C Lewis. 'Alameda
W D Haycock. Sacto
n R Everett, Cal
W TV Orcutt & w. Ca.
J M Meredith. I^e An*
A C Foster, Winnipeg
ttiM F Krith. Ls Anj
C V\>tmor», Suisun
C A Oattam. Tortlaix
O D Clap^tt. Jurieau
W Anifrson & w.Mon
E E Eak*x «r W, Cal
::: y E C Gur'.ey, K 1
W Ir-r!Is & Ti\ ToronU
Miss nebtaaoa. Cal
JTisF C Burrousrh*. Ca.
E F Ph"lan. Idaho
MONDAY. Dec. 24— 12 m."
STOCK. ;
Bqekljom . V. ......;..'. .r. ....'....;
California-Standard .
Caribou ....••¦•'••••••••• «•
El Dorado '.'..r.
Four Oil Co... .,
Homo Oil Co.......
Independence
Lion OH Co..... .:./..... ........
McKlttrtck Consolidated.*.....
Monarch . of,; Arizona. . . .....'....
STOCK.
Bid. Asked.
— 4 00
37 38
62 «4
1 55 1 85
, 43 50
; 8 SO ¦-::—:
¦ — -- ...:2i
• — ¦¦ ' "¦ ¦- 24
Bl 53
42 " 43
Junction ¦.".
Monte Cristo
Occidental of West Virginia...
Oil City Petroleum
Petroleum Center
Reed Crude Ott Co
San Joaquln O. & D. Co...
Sterling O. ¦& D. Co...
Twenty-eight
West Shore
Yukon ;;.**
Wolverine :...'...'.'.'..'.'.
60 83
1 90 1 95
64 63
32 00 33 50 I
. 23 23
60 63
— 10 87H
S 65 —
2 S3 2 M
325 350
— • 52
— 1 S5
| Last I This Last
124 Hours Season. Season
STATION'S
[ ,—
Eureka
Red Bluff
Sacramento
San Francisco
Fresno.
Independence
San Luis Obispo....
lx>s Angeles
Ban Diego
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
o.oo
0.00
20.01-
8.71
8.04
7.22
E.43
2.27
8.92
6.79
1.73
23.36
9.79
9.00
.8.67
4.47
1.67
9.33
8.35
1.S2
MONDAY. Dec. 24— 12 m."
STOCK. ;
Bqekljom . V. ......;..'. .r. ....'....;
California-Standard .
Caribou ....••¦•'••••••••• «•
El Dorado '.'..r.
Four Oil Co... .,
Homo Oil Co.......
Independence
Lion OH Co..... .:./..... ........
McKlttrtck Consolidated.*.....
Monarch . of,; Arizona. . . .....'....
STOCK.
Bid. Asked.
— 4 00
37 38
62 «4
1 55 1 85
, 43 50
; 8 SO ¦-::—:
¦ — -- ...:2i
• — ¦¦ ' "¦ ¦- 24
Bl 53
42 " 43
Junction ¦.".
Monte Cristo
Occidental of West Virginia...
Oil City Petroleum
Petroleum Center
Reed Crude Ott Co
San Joaquln O. & D. Co...
Sterling O. ¦& D. Co...
Twenty-eight
West Shore
Yukon ;;.**
Wolverine :...'...'.'.'..'.'.
60 83
1 90 1 95
64 63
32 00 33 50 I
. 23 23
60 63
— 10 87H
S 65 —
2 S3 2 M
325 350
— • 52
— 1 S5
| Last I This Last
124 Hours Season. Season
STATION'S
[ ,—
Eureka
Red Bluff
Sacramento
San Francisco
Fresno.
Independence
San Luis Obispo....
lx>s Angeles
Ban Diego
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
o.oo
0.00
20.01-
8.71
8.04
7.22
E.43
2.27
8.92
6.79
1.73
23.36
9.79
9.00
.8.67
4.47
1.67
9.33
8.35
1.S2
AUCTION SALES
fe* SPEC AL AUCTION SALE 5^
OF ALL" THE
RACEHORSES IN TRAINING
BELONGING TO E. CORIUGAN, ESQ..
Prior to his departure for England, compris-
ing Rathgar, Artilla,' Wallensteln. Lily Simp-
son. Anttoch, Long Tom. Todel. Carter Harri-
son Jr.. and five of his choicest yearlings ready
to race NOW. by such sires as Indlo. Vassal.
Imp. St. Andrew and imp. Bassetla.w. out of
sisters to the great racehorse Itlley and other
famous marcs.
Also to close a co-partnership th»
3-year-old Imp. Marlner-Phoeb* eolt
COUNT HUBERT
Also, per order executors Marcus Daly estata,
the great suburban winner, tarn* race-
horse and sirs
MONTANA
Sire of Montanlc. Mortgage. Montallade, ttc.
PRIMROSE
Th» royally bred son of Imp. St. Bliise aad
Wood Violet; and
SHAFT, by The Pepper, out of; Boise.
Sale will take place at
TANFORAN RACETRACK
SATURDAY December », U00,
Commencing at 13 o'clock m.
Take 11: a) train. Third and Townsead sts.
Catalogues ready. t
WM. G. LAYNG/ Auctioneer.
"Michael McOurk. a r.atlv* of County Tyrone
Ireland, ag-ed 65 years. ,
McMVRRAV— In thie city, December 24. 1900.
Elizabeth, relict of the late H. J. McMurray,
and' beloved mother of William J. McMurray,
a native of Ireland, aged 71 years.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
«X\>dn*>saaj). at J o'clock, from her late <re*l-
<5ence. S50 Fulton street, the-nce to Sacred
H*art Church, -vhere a requiem mass will
fce rviebratpd tor tlis repose of her soul, com-
npnc'.nc at ?:S n o'clock. Interment private.
Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flow-
«re. ;
MEYERS— In tils city, December 23, 1900.
L*avid Meyers, beloved husband of the late
Betsy R. Meyers, and brother of Charles E.
M*»y*rs. * rstive cf Nova Scotia, aced 64
y^n; eirl •* months.
riLDAG-In th'-s city. December 23. 1909. Frida
Olda-r. beloved wif • of Charles OKJag. mother
• of August and Elizabeth Oldat, sister of Mrs.
Charles Rabrr.ar.n aad Mrs. George Braun,
and f|y!<-r-!n-law of John Oldas, a native of
Sulrfeld. Baden. Germany, aged SO years and
£ months.
r? Friends anfl actntaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
«Tt:ffiav). at I o'clock. tnm her Iate nmim
6cr.ee, iJOSH Turk street. Interment Odd
TrVc^'t Cemetery.
°52S^ I tt l^-£ ty T mna C 22P t3r Hospital. V-
llexicQ, aired 12 years.
F 'i^^ 1^^''" .**&' *>««»b*r 24. 1S00. Katie.
T'\* ot Ott0 R *'«'e. daughter of Mar-
f!^ r^-JiS 1 *? 0 *" "- na • lster ot John ' Henry
Defilef Lefrence. Annie Johneoa, Mar-
s V%:U yi * sezi ana ->>» Bartman. a native
" y " £ * ed M >' ears * months and 4
'-v5r?"!i!S*J "- nd acquaintances are respect-
.-.1> Invited to attena the funeral to-morrow
' r* u " e |* a >>- *t 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
c-n«"e, 37j B Army street. Interment Cypress
_±2'. n Cemetery by funeral car.
Tr l.~ J J" this c;t >'- December 23. 1900. Rosa-
"* b^n. in religion Sister Maria F>lizitas,
- Z? U i5 of Bad f'>. Germaay. aged 2S years
. months and 11 days.
* Cjy Friends and acquaintances ar« re*r>sct-
•AV 5 " »"»«t«d to attend the funeral to-morrow
<y\ednescay), at 8 o'clock, from Et. Joseph's
UOt&e. cornw cf Park R>»d avenu« and Ba-
T,*^* 1 ' '¦here a solemn requiem h'.eh mass
win be celebrated for the rerof>e of her soul,
commencing at 8 ° c l°ck. Interment Holy
'- rt-ss Cemeterj-.
WATERMAX-In this city. December 20. 1900.
entered into rest. Captain S. S. Waterman.
? f at ' v * o^nela-nd. aced €4 years. Esteemed
cf^lrs. Ellis Read and F. H. Marsh.
n EGXER-Ia Sonoma. December 24, 1900, Ed-
Tverd, beloved husband of Julia Werner.
?ather of Lydia B.. Freda M. and Isabella A.
\\e»aer. and brother of Julius and Louis
vveirr.er. a native of Germany, ag-eo 64 years
. Tncr.ihs and 4 days.
TVIkKEXS— in this city. December 24. 1D00, at
the residence ct his sister. £24 Capp street.
Luuis Wlikens. father cf John and I^ouis Wll-
Iter.s Jr.. and brother of Mrs. Anna Bruning:.
a ns-Uve cf Koblen. Amt I>he. Hanover. Ger-
ms ny. aged 53 years 2 months and 2 days.
CyFnerds ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
<5f H. F. Sufcr &: Co.. 1337 Mission street. b«-
t«-wa Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
<*». F. Ometery-
""VILSOX-ln this city. December 2S. 1900. Wil-
liam E. Wilson, beloved husband cf Dora E.
. Wilson, father cf Blanche B. Wilson, and
brother cf II. Moody of Saji Jose, a native of
Kentucky, aged 44 vears and 15 days. A
member of St. Paul Lcdpe No. 43. K. of P.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful!}- invited to .attend the funeral to-morrow
? Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
«cf J. S. Gr<deau, S n 5 Montromerj- avenue,
thence to Ofid Fellows" Cemetery-
"WINTER— In this citv. December 24, U00. John
, Digby Winter, beloved bus-band oi Kate Alice
Winter, and father of Parker Dirby and
Themas Gilbert Winter, a native of Canada,
aged E5 year* l month and 25 days.
tnyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
rvcember 27. at 10 o'clock, from the Ep'.sco-
ial Church at Cloverfiale.
OFFICERS anfl members of Buena Vista Par-
lor No. ej, tS. X>. a. W., ar« hereby notified to
attend the funeral cf our late lister. Mrs.
Kate O'Brrn*, to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10
o'clock, from her late residence. 12 Broad
street. Ocean Vle^w. Tours fraternally.
EMMA BEXINO. President.
XTRS. H. M. GREENE. Secretary.The Challenge Is Out
Wednesday. January tbe 2d. the great
challenge will take place in this city. •
The Society of Old Friends some time
ago decided to have a bullshead break
fast at th« Ingleside to celebrate the close
of the century, but at the last meeting
It was decided to have Instead a banquet
«.t one of the leading rotisseries on the
right of the 30th. inst.
Old Friends Change.
Alex Benicke went to the E&plre lodg
ing-house,. 636 Commercial street, last
night to make a call on Ernest W. Wlster
lie, who resided there. Benlcko had too
much Christmas cheer aboard and the
clerk, Louis Grand, refused to allow him
to enter the lodger's room. This. refusal
led to a discussion which ended in a row
which was joined in by the prospective
host, Wisterlle. As a result of the fracas
both Benicke and Grand were taken to
the hospital -to be treated for superficial
knife wounds and later: on taken to the
Hall of Justice, pending an investigation.
Unwelcome Guest Causes Bow.
The greatest assignee sale of clothing. I
will sell to-morrow men's genuine worsted
suits that coet $15 for $5 E5; also 450 covert
cloth men's 6Uits, worth Jli), for $8 90.
Come onje, come all, to the Boston. 775
Market street, near Fourth. P. C. Kelly,
Assignee. •
Be Sure and Attend
- The celebration was first planned by
Colonel Girard, and was made such a suc
cess through the hearty co-operation of
the • Presidio ladies : and the . members of
the Red Cross societies. To Mrs. Coch
rane of the Presidio, who superintended
the efforts of the army ladles, Mrs. Mer
rill of the Red Cross Society • and Miss
Delia Mills,' the thanks of the soldiers are
due. They, labored early and late and
spared no pains ,to make the soldiers'
Christmas* a happy one. They were as
sisted by the following ladles:
Mrs. Kerwin. secretary; Miss Brower,
Mrs. Southall, Miss Wilson, music com
mittee: Miss Andrews, Miss Maye Col
burn, Miss Cunningham. Miss Polly Dunn,
Miss Tiny O'Connor, Miss Ella O'Connor,
Miss Bessie ¦Cole," Miss Margaret Cole,
Miss Lally, Miss Rawles, Mrs. Henry Dut
ton. Mrs. » Bryan, Miss McFarland, , Mrs.
Eltinge, : Mrs.. Craig,- Miss Marshall, Miss
Nannie : Marshall, v Miss - Mulllns, Miss
' Reeves, Miss Davis, Mrs. . Gardner, ' Miss
Potter and Miss Sadler, tree committee.
sweets army or hospital life had not less
ened. , •
The nurses . and hospital corps men
were not forgotten. They were all re
membered ana each received a memento
of the happy occasion.
After the festivities the hall was cleared
and the ladles who had worked so hard
for the gratification of the soldiers danced
until a late hour.
Arthur Waldier, a peddler, 28 years old,
residing at 413 Fourth street, died at the
City Receiving Hospital at 5:25 yesterday
morning of a fractured skull.- The injury
was received on the afternoon of Sunday
at Waldier's residence. He was intoxi
cated and fell over the banisters, alight
ing upon his head. He walked to the
hospital with his wife for the purpose of
having his wound dressed, and an hour
later became unconscious.
Fatal Fall Downstairs.
civilian guests. The Press Club Quar
tette then sang, "Hark, the Herald An
gels Sing," and the hymn was rendered
in a manner in keeping with the feelings
displayed by the, soldier boys. ;
Miss Elizabeth "Ames, on the 'cello, and
Miss Marie Wilson on the piano, followed
the quartette, rendering "Elgie" and
"Simple Aveau" in a manner that brought
forth prolonged . applause. Mrs. Dr.
Southall and Miss Florence Brower were
the soloists of the evening and their 86
leotions were a source of -much pleasure.
The programme ended with the song "On
ward, Christian Soldier," the quartet.
At this point the lights were turned off
and the beautifully decorated tree shone
from the center of the "hall. The cheers
and hand-clapping '• that followed amply
rewarded Colonel Girard. Lieutenant Col
lins and the ladies for their efforts In be
half of the sick soldiers. , .
When the hall was again lighted up, Rev.
John A. B. Wilson gave thanks in a short
prayer for the many blessings enjoyed in
this the last year of the century. The
distribution of 1 the presents was the
source of great merriment. A big, stout
hospital steward reached Into immense
hampers, and, drawing forth a package
carefully labeled, called the name of the
patient to whom It was addressed. Out
of a blue-clad , crowd would dart the
ownerof the name, and, grabbing his
prize, without yiving his companions time
to observe the blushes or tears, disappear
out the door.
Within an hour every soldier had re
ceived a present, and, then came the edi
bles. Heaping' plates ! of : ice . cream; with
all . sorts •: of fancy, cakes, -s were handed
around ¦ by- handsome v young ¦ ladles, • and
devoured by patients whose appetite • for
OOOD cheer predominated last
night at the Presidio through the
kindheartedness of the army la
dies, the members of the Red
Cross Society and many San
Francisco young" women. The mess hall
of the general hospital was crowded with
the sick and convalescent soldiers, and a
merry, jolly crowd it was. Forgetful of
painful wounds, of illness contracted
while serving Uncle Sam, they were as
sembled at 6 o'clock at the immense hospi
tal and made merry for several hours. The
beautifully decorated wards reflected
great credit on the ward surgeons, nurses
and hospital corps men connected with
the hospital. All were anxious to make
the particular ward directly under their
charge the most beautiful, with the result
that to choose the prettiest was - a ¦ very
difficult matter.
In the center of the mess hall a mam
moth Christmas tree decorated with-glit
tering tinsel and many colored lights
brought to many a poor fellow, thoughts
of a happy Christmas at home and also
afforded a chance for contrast between a
yuletlde celebration on the tiring line and
a Christma time where their every want
could bo anticipated' by noble-hearted
women.
Some of the soldier guests came on
crutches, some In Invalid chairs and oth
ers were supported to seats around the
tree- by their nurses, but all had a cheer
ful smile, and their "thank yous" upon
the receipt of little remembrances were
heartfelt.
The exercises opened with a few appro
priate words by Chaplain Potter, and his
prayer of thankfulness elicited an amen
from the boys in blue and the assembled
Hassell claims that his mother stren
uously objected to his becoming a police
man, and at her urgent request lie con
cluded he would surrender his «tar.
Edwin C. Marsh.- a motorman in the
employ of the Market Street Railway
Company, who Is next on the civil service
list, will be appointed Thursday to fill the
vacancy.
W. P. Sullivan. - Chief of Police, and the
Honorable . Board of Police Commissioners—
Dear Sirs: At the request of my mother. T
herewith resign as a police officer of the city
and county of San Francisco, said resignation
to take effect on the 24th day of December, at
6 p. m. W. P. HASSEXX.
W..P. Hassell, .one of the policemen re
cently appointed by the Board of Police
Commissioners, last night handed In his
resignation to take effect immediately.
In explanation of his action he addresed
the following: letter to the Chief of Police:
His Mother.
Force at Urgent Request of
W. P. Hassell Resigns From the
NEW POLICE OFFICER
GIVES UP HIS STAB
HUNDREDS OF SICK AND WOUNDED SOLDIERS GATHERED AROUND
THE GATL.T DECORATED TREE IN THE MESS HALL. AT THE GEN
ERAL HOSPITAL AND RECEIVED THEIR PRESENTS. .
Iffarked "Perishable,"
Near the close of a busy time handling
holiday goods at the Furniture and Carpet
House of M. Friedman & Co., Post street,
there, arrived a largre case marked "Per
ishable." Imagine the feelings of the em
ployes at the thought of having to care
for poods so marked at such a time. Upon
opening the case it was found to contain
128 turkeyc. one for each employe. There
¦was no longer any doubt that they were
correctly marked, and any misslvings as
to how they would care for them van
ished at ence.
Emll Tognottl, a vegetable gardener liv
ing at Bay View, was the \-lctim of a rail
road accident at 1 o'clock yesterday morn
ing. He was driving along toward the
business part of the city in his vegetable
wapon. and when he reached the inter
section of Kentucky and Twenty-second
streets, his wag-on was struck by an elec
tric car. The chock threw him from his
seat to the ground, and he was so badly
injured by the fall that he died in the
ambulance en route to the City and Coun
ty HoapitaL
Tognottl was a native of Italy, 22 years
old. W. H. Wilbert. ' the motorman, was
arrested for manslaughter and released
on S50 bail.
Killed by an Electric Car.
amination for Deputyships.
The following named have passed the
examination for the position of d#pu:y
in the Department of Elections and have
been certified to by the Civil Service
Commissioners:
1— Joshua H. Zomansky 99.95
2— Cameron 11. Kins Jr 99.75
8— Daniel J. Gordon 99.7
4— Joseph X. Strand 99.65
6— Humphrey B Moynihan 99.5
6— Jotham J. de Haven 98.9a
7— Joseph P. Roesman ,..*8.2
8— Ignatius D. Dwyer >4.95
9— William Greenblatt - 94.63
10— Charles C. Pratt 94.45
H-^Joseph A. Lynch.. .~ «.... 94.2
12— James H. Dig-nan 93.85
IS— Herman Gutstadt 91.65
14— Baptiste Joesten 91.5
15— Daniel F. Maher S3.95
16— Euward U O'Connor - 88.1
17— Joseph N. Hanlson .........87.4
lg— William N. - Swasey _..85.95
19— William W. Bailsman _... — 85.75
20— Frank B. Preble 79.
21— Anthony G. Knight 7S.95
22— Ernest R. Faucompre 78.5
23— John F. Welsh 75.5
OOMMISSIONERS AmnXOTTKCE.
. LIST OF ELIGIBLES
Twenty-Threo Candidates Receive
Over Seventy Per Cent in Ex-
A book of testimonials of the cures Peruna
hat made in the many different phases and
r'-f— of »"hronic catarrh sent free bjr the
Peruna Medicine Co., of Columbus. Ohio.
A cold la the beginning of catarrh. To pre
vent colfls, to cure colds, is to cheat catarrh
out of Its victims, rerun*, not only cures
catarrh, but prevents It.
Mr. James Morrison, C8 E. 16th etreet, Peter
ton. VL J.. Bays: "I have given Peruna & fair
trial, and I find it to be Just what you claim
It to b*. I cannot praJse It too much. I have
ue«5 two bottle* in my family for colds and
everything imaginable. I could not be without
it. I recommenced it to a married sister of
rninn who wae always troubled with colds. Ehe
eays It ha* done more for hT than any doctor
¦couM. I can Raf«?ly cay that your medicine Is
th^ b«!t I have ever used." — James Morrison.
Peruna Cures Colds.
Miss Virginia de Shields, formerly a
teacher in Tehama County end later a
member of the Board of Education there,
was married, at the Palace Hotel Sunday
to Henry E. IMggles. a popular traveling <
salesman and an officer of the Traveling
Men's Association. The ceremony wa*^
performed at high noon by Rev. EL B.*'
Church. The wedding was private, only
members of the immediate families belni
present.
Noon 'Wedding at the Palace.
Above all thiso don't become ' a drunkard:
use whiskey moderately and use th« best. Jessa
Moor* "AA" Is the surest and best.
Sick and Wounded Soldiers Are Made Happy Through
Efforts of ? Noble-Hearted San Francisco Women.
William Glenny. a messenger boy, wa»
booked at the City Prison yesterday on a
charge of misdemeanor embezzlement on
the complaint of Policeman L. L. Levlngs.
Last Friday Levings overheard Glenny
and another boy talking about making: a
combination on the races, and he asked
Glenny if he could lay a bet of J2 50 for
him. Glenny said he could, and Levinga
gave him the money with the request that
he would bring the ticket back to him.
Glenny failed to return, and when Lev
ings saw him next day he said he had
gone to the races and played the money
and lost.
Boy Cleverly Bunkoes Policeman.
BOYS IN BLUE MAKE VERY MERRY
At the Central Methodist Episcopal
Church this evening a beautiful cantata
entitled, "Santa Claus' Dreams," will be
rendered by the Sunday School. Souven
irs will be distributed to the members of
the Sunday School.
Santa Claus' Dreams.
The Corstil General was recently made a
member of the club, and in presenting the
gift the donor stated that it was one of
the finest specimens of Chinese work of
Its kind. The Consul hoped that the ban
ner would bring "good luck" to the club.
At the "ladies' jinks." to be given next
month, it is proposed to make the Consul
the guest of honor in appreciation of his
valuable gift.
of Press Club.
Ho Tow, the Chinese Consul General,
yesterday made a lavish gift to the San
Francisco Press Club, consisting of a
gorgeous hand-embroidered silk banner,
which is sixteen feet long and four feet
wide.
He Sends Silken Banner to Members
The tree was donated by Captain D. M.
Van -Pelt, of the steamer TJkiah, and the
toys were the gift of the Golden Rule Ba
zaar and Emporium. Messrs. Haa«,
Grunehagen and Roberts each sent
pounds of candy for the children. ii
Murphy. Grant & Co. remember* 1 -,_e
abandoned ones with a. gift of warm
quilts. Mr. and Mrs. E.-J. Wadham, who
are In charge of the home, acted as the
hosts, and the warm affection displayed
by the children to their "father and moth
er" is proof positive of the kind manner
In which they are treated.
Among those who were present last
evening to entertain the children were
Mr. and Mrs. N. Mole. Mr. and Mrs. E.
Marchand. Mrs. L. Harper, Mr. and Mrs.
Strehl, Mr. A. Jensen, Mr. W. Jensen, Mr.
J. Bruce and Miss M. Speakman. A
Christmas dinner will be given the chil
dren to-day, the good things being donat
ed by wholesale houses.
9
PRESENT FROM HO YOW.
The children of the San Francisco Or
phanage for Abandoned Children, at
Twenty-fifth and Sanchez streets, spent
last evening in merriment and gladness,
thanks to the kind efforts of a few ladles
and gentlemen interested in the worthy
Institution. A large Christmas tree was
fairly loaded down with toys and candy
and when the unfortunate little ones were
admitted to the room where the tree was
blazing with candles, their Joy knew no
bounds.
Abandoned Children Are Entertained
'With "Well-Laden Christmas Tree.
syroth, L. Boess, E. Blade and "William
Gunn.
At midnight the guests congregated
around a Christmas tree laden with pres
ents and Uncle George Bromley acted the
part of Santa Claus to perfection. He pre
sented each person with a beautiful pres
ent and added a graceful speech in the
bargain. That venerable gentleman re
cited "When the Cows Are Coming Home"
and told a few stories of his own child
hood.
KIND HEAETS REMEMBER THEM
From 7 until 9 o'clock the servants and
their friends held sway. They were fit
tingly entertained and gave way to the
guests of their employer, who began to
arrive at; the appointed hour.
St. Luke's -vested choir of young men
and boys marched Into the house singing
"Onward, Christian Soldier," and also
rendered: some sweet Christmas carols.
The choir was under, the direction of "W al
lace A. Sabln and is composed of the fol
lowing named singers: Tenors— C. B.
Jones. R. H. Hunt and H. Turnhall; bas
sos—A. J. Spooner, J. Reed, W. L. Smith,
W. Hague, R. J. Fenn and E. Corris: so
pranos and altos— H. Gregory. F. Ros
kamp, T. Humphreys, A. Humphreys,
Tom Dobson, P. Younger, J. Kelleher. C.
Treganowar, H. Hooper, A. Bellinton, G.
Aclon, E. Wilson, F. Mallet, L. Kelly, F.
Black, "W. Barckley, D. Gorhan, I. Lang-
were thrown: open wide, and from 7:30
o'clock until long after midnight the bril
liantly lighted rooms were filled with
guests. Colonel Trumbo was assisted by
his charming wife in receiving their
friends. •
Following a custom Inaugurated four
teen years ago, Colonel Isaac Trumbo, the
well-known, capitalist, received his friends
at his home at 1533 Sutter street last even
ing. The inviting doors of the mansion
Trumbo at Entertainment.
Venerable Bohemian Assists Colonel
XTN'CI/E- GEORGE AS KRIS.
or could walk gathered In one of the large
wards, where a special musical pro
gramme was rendered. Those who were
confined to their beds were visited and
cheered by appropriate gifts from the
big Christmas tree, which is always a
feature of the . festivities at the hospital.
At 10:30 a dinner was served to the pa
tients, the menu having been prepared
under the direction of the medical staff.
The doctors and nurses took part In the
programme provided for the entertain
ment of their charges, and not a single
person in the hospital, whether a patient
or an employe, was forgotten in the cele
bration. ¦ *
The annual entertainment given to the
patients of the German Hospital at
Christmas time took place last evening,
and there was a large number of visitors
present to help cheer those stricken by
Illness and mishap. Many of the board of
directors, accompanied by ladies, took
part in the entertainment, and the glad
smiles which illumined the wan faces
of the patients of the hospital amply re
warded their entertainers for the labor of
love and charity.
The patients who were able to be moved
German Hospital.
Festivities and Dinner Are Held at
PATIENTS ENTERTAINED.
solemn high mass, when Mozart's Twelfth
Mass will be rendered, with an augument
ed choir. The solists are: Sopranos, Mrs.
A. Nerres, Miss A. Acosta and Miss E.
Abrego; altos, Mrs. S. Arlllaga and Miss
H. Andrade; tenors. H. Meagher and F.
Loaiza; basso, M. Rubanick.
A± the Spanish Church.
At the Spanish Church of Senora de
Gaudalupe, the first mass will be said to
day at 5 O'clock. At 10:30 there will be
GOD bless you, merry gentlemen." J
The sentiment that predominates
in that good old English carol In
spired the feeling that prevailed
in this city yesterday. The laugh-
Ing, good-natured crowd that thronged the 1
streets, the brightly illuminated stores,
and the clear, cold, yet altogether ideal
weather were all suggestive of the merry
Yuletlde. "On earth, peace, good will
toward men" was in the air everywhere.
The waiter In the "grill" felt it; the hack
driver that bowled the repentant husband
home in the night knew it by an
"extra half." and the poor mendicant,
who drags himself to his lonely room,
was gainer by the Christmas Bpirit In ex
tra pennies.
Yesterday, from early morning until
late at night, crowds thronged the streets,
the Jostling members all eager to buy
their friends some token, great or small
In value, yet all of the same weight in the
scales of the heart. The climate of Cali
fornia must have something to do with
the temperament of the people who yes
terday good-naturedly shouldered each
other on the streets and vied In purchas
ing for friends those annual tokens of
dear remembrance.
The merchants claim that never before
In the history of San Francisco has
Christmas time been «>o well observed
from a giving point of view. All the stores
have been crowded. Street venders with
many sorts of toys have lined the side
walks and have sold out their modest
stocks with ease, climbing monkeys,
clowns whose carts dash backward and
forward, and crowing roosters having an
equal vogue in the great race for popu
larity among the inanimates. The rich
man with his spacious mansion and his
servants has not forgotten the season,
nor those who have not been so fortunate
in the acquiring of worldly goods, as he.
Money has been rolling into the treasury
of all the charities of the city with a lib
eral flow. Check after check has been re
ceived by the hospitals from the wealthy.
To-day the blessed nativity of our Lord
will be splendidly celebrated. All the
churches will present appropriate services.
In the Catholic churches masses will be
said from 6:30 until 10:30 in the morning.
At the Cathedral, his Grace, Archbishop
Rlordan, will ax the 11 o'clock pontifical
high mass read a papal benediction from
the holy father to the people of Califor
nia, urging them to fresh vigor in the
work of Catholicism.
In the Episcopal churches there will be
services throughout the day, and the
main feature will be the rendering of
carols.
The Salvation Army to-day give a pub
lic dinner to the poor at Odd Fellows'
Hall, commencing at 2 o'clock. The menu
may perhaps not be such as to tempt the
epicure; It may not be of a quality to ap
peal to those who are used to the luxur
ious restaurants of the gourmets, but the
hungry— the poor fellow who is in hard
luck — will go to the dinner and leave with
a stronger resolve "to fight the good
fight", and win.
At the City and County Hospital the
sick will celebrate with a good old Christ
mas dinner. Mrs. Phebe Hearst has pro
vided the wherewithal to pay for the
feast. Recently the superintendent re
ceived a check from Mrs. Hearst for $250
and at the same time a letter expressing
good wishes and sympathy for those who
are trying to regain health in that insti
tution.
"Come on and take a chance at, a. turkey
raffle!" This was the cry that fell on the
ears of the busy passerby on the streets
last night. It was rumored that Chief
Sullivan had cast old remembrance to the
winds and had decided the turkey raffles
must go, but last night they were In full
swing. The "booster" was very much tn
evidence. He was to be seen outside the
saloon the same as ever. Harshly and
with set purpose he called out the merits
of the turkey lottery for the passing
throngs to hear.
And they that "go down. to the sea in
ships" have not forgotten that this Is
Christmas. The water front has been pre
paring for the anniversary for several
days. The ships that are now in port
have been gayly decorated in honor of the
occasion. Little apprentices with a lump
in their throat and with a fond wish that
they were home under their •parental roof
have been busy making the masts and
rigging of the stanch and sturdy vessels
that brought them across the briny deep
gay with greens and red berries. ,
According to a custom that has been
followed for several years the boys' choir
of the Cathedral Mission of the Good Sa
maritan assembled In several of the hotels
last night and delighted many hundred
listeners by singing Christmas carols and
anthems. The choir is larger and better
drilled than ever this year and for sev
eral hours the young voices filled the spa
cious hotel corridors with sweet, glad
melody. The members, numbering thirty,
were arrayed in black and white vest
ments and made an impressive appear
ance.
The carolers first visited the Palace
Hotel. Here a* large crowd had gathered,
filling the spacious rotunda to its capa
city. The first and second balconies also
contained many listeners, most of whom
were guests of the hotel. The choir took
its place beneath the big illuminated
Christmas tree at the west end of the
court. This tree stands forty feet ' high
and was a veritable blaze of light, with its
several hundred vari-colored electric '
bulbs. This pretty feature was prepared
by Edgar C. Gribble. the hotel's chief
electrician, and he has displayed remark
able skill and good taste in his arrange
ment of the lights.
The choir rendered six or eight selec
tions and then proceeded to the Grand,
where another short concert was given
before almost as large an assemblage.
From the Grand the singers went to the
St. Nicholas, then, to the Colonial, the
Pleasanton, the California and finally the
Occidental, the last mentioned hotel being
reached shortly before midnight Col
lections were taken at each place for the
benefit of the parish poor. Mrs. Brown,
organist of the mission, acted as director.
The following selections were given:
Hymn. "O. Come All Te Faithful." carol
(old Ensrltsh): "God Bless You. Merry Gentle
men" (traditional): carol. "Now Over the
Snow-white Meadows" (Stalner); carol, "Good
Kins Weneeela" (traditional): carol. "When
Chrirt War. Bom cf Mary" (Brown); anthem.
"Nazareth" (Gounod): carol. "Who Is This
That Was. So Lowly?" (Foster): carol, "O,
Little Town of Bethlehem" (Redner).
NEARLY EVERYBODY CARRIED SOME SORT .OF CHRISTMAS PACKAGE YESTERDAY. THE SMALL VENDORS OF CLIMBING MON
KEYS AND REVERSIBLE CLOWNS ORATED TO THE THRONGS, AND INTENDING PURCHASERS RACKED THEIR BRAINS FOR
Mary Goodwin has sued Francis W.
Goodwin for divorce, alleging failure to
provide as cause of action.
judge Dalngerfield also refused to Issue
a restraining order enjoining Mrs. Smith
from molesting her former nusband. In,
denying the restraining order Judge E>ain
gerfield Bald, however, that he did bo
without prejudice, and in the event Mrs.
Smith's conduct becomes such that Mr.
Smith feels that he needs the protection
of the court the motion for an injunction
may be renewed ax any time. This closed
the case and Smith, manifestly relieves,
left the court in company with bis attor
ney.
Various other couples were given
Christmas presents in the way of a
release from marital obligations yes
terday. Decrees of divorce were granted
Nancy G!a?sfcrd from John R. Glassford
for desertion; Bertha Peterson from Nels
P. Peterson for extreme cruelty: Kathan
Rotke from Sarah Koike for desertion;
Mary E, Infantine from Nicholas Infant
ine for willful neglect: Daniel Goldber?
from Emilie Goldbenc for desertion:
Anr.a Densmore from John Densmore for
•willful neglect, and Sadie Xelson from
Prank A. Nelson for extreme cruelty.
Nicholas T. Smith, also of the Southern
Pacific Company, testified that Mrs. Smith
frequently called at iier former husband's
place of business and '"acted in a riotous
manner," calling him vile name»-eo vllo
that the witness said he did not care to
repeat them. Charles H- Reudington, Al
exander H. Ma.ct>onald and William
Frank Taylor all corroborated Nicholas
T. Smith and gave further facts regard
ing the violence of Mrs. Smith's actions
when she called at the Southern Pacific
offices.
In reviewing- the case Judge X>alng«rfleld
paid that although the plaintiff was en
titled to a divorce, which he would grant,
he felt that at this time it would not be
right to reduce Mrs. Smith's alimony al
lowance granted her by Judge Hebbard
in the maintenance case and he would
allow it to stand as then ordered, 5100 a
month, payable oa the 15th of every
month. This order was made to hold for
6ix months only, at the expiration of
wnlch time Mre. Smith will be called upon
to present her reasons -why the order
should be continued in force.
Foshay Walker, attorney for the plain
tiff, objected to a continuance, and after
consideration Judge Daingerfleld ordered
the hearing to proceed. Smith was re
called and after explaining a few points
on redirect examination corroborating
witnesses were summoned to testify.
Fred C. Peters, manager of the rooming
house at 30 Post street, was called. He
testified that in Febiuarv, 1S3S. Mrs.
Smith and her son called at his place and
asked to see Mr. Smith, who was rooming
there at that time. Together mothe- and
son went to Smith's room. The attention
of the witness was finally attracted by
the sounds of disturbar.ee and he hurriel
to Smith's apartments. On arriving there.
he testified, he found that young Smith
had knocked his father down and was
holding him on the floor, while Mrs. Smith
plied a bia.cksnake and '"between blows
called upon her son to gouge his father's
eyes out." Peters further testified that
he took a. hand in the affray and ordered
Mrs. Smith and her son from the build
ing. In conclusion he t*stifled that he be
lieved the police took Mrs. Smith and her
eon into custody after they left the room
ing-house.
Josephine Smith, attorney in proprla
persona, has lost her first case. Charles
H. Smith, cashier of the Southern Pa
cific Company, was granted a decree of
absolute divorce from his wife by Judge
Dair.gerfleld yesterday on the ground of
extreme cruelty. The disregard for the
rules of practice which characterized
Mrs. Smith's conduct of her own defense
throughout the trial marked Its close.
"When the case was called yesterday
inornirg Mrs. Smith was not present. A.
letter In her handwriting was handed to
the court, however, in which she suggest
ed the propriety cf a continuance until
Borne time in 1301. She was unable to
continue her labors as cross-examiner
and, furthermore, her preparations to put
on her defense vrcre not complete. Hence
to her. she stated, a continuance would be
of benefit.
Judge Daingerfield Permits Alimony
Order to Stand and Refuses In
junction — Other Couples
Secure Belief.
Secures Absolute Decree on
Ground of His Wife's
Extreme Cruelty.
SMITH LEAVES
DIVORCE COURT
A SINGLE MAN
It la presumable that Governor Gage
sought the advice of Attorney General
Ford before he appointed Justice Kerri
gan's successor. It is quite well known
that Cali'ornia'a Governor andt-San Fran
cisco's Mayor are not of the same mind'
politically, but It Is hardly conceivable
that the Governor would deliberately take
a political plum belonging to the Mayor
and bestow it on Mr. Long without con
sulting the Attorney General as to the
legality of the. proceeding.
When all the facts are presented It 'will
be found no doubt that the Governor
asked the law department of the common
wealth If he had the power to appoint,.'
and that Attorney General Ford hastened
to Inform the executive in writing: that
such power was lodged In the executive
department. It is known that the social
relations existing between the Governor
and the Attorney General are strained,
but the official relations between the two.
thanks to the admirable tact of Private
Secretary Foley, are most delightfully
preserved in manuscript.
It must be that the Governor has the
power to appoint. It cannot be that he
intended to give Percy V. Long a gold
brick on Christmas eve. It Is true that
the brave and genial Colonel Chadbonrna
once received a gilded testimonial from,
the executive office, but It was ndt placed
in his stocking on Christmas eve.
Justice Cook, however, is not sure that
the Governor has power to fill the vacancy
created by Justice Kerrigan's resignation.
He inclines to the belief that the Mayor
and Beard of Supervisors of San Fran
cisco are authorized to fill the vacancy.
The Mayor thought it advisable to ap
point Loner, as there is some doubt wheth
er the State law or the charter governs
in the election of Justices of the Peace.
The point will be decided In a suit which
Justice of the Peace Cook has brought
to retain his office. Kerrigan was elected
Superior Judge for the unexpired term
and his resignation will . permit him to ,
Qualify for the office.
If the courts determine that the term
of a Justice of the Peace la four years,
the Justices chosen at the last election.
will not take office until two years hence.
Whatever the outcome of the litigation
may be. Percy V. Long will be safe, as ha
is elected for a full term and appointed
to fill an unexpired term. • *¦--:"
Justice of the Peace Frank H. Kerri
gan resigmed his ofllce yesterday. Kerri
gan filed his resignation with, the Gover
nor and Mayor Phelan and the former
immediately issued a commission to Percy
V. Long for the unexpired term. The
Mayor later in the day also issued a com
mission to Long and he assumed the office
immediately. Long -was elected Justice
of the Peace at the last election and thus
has about two weeks tacked on to his
regular term. 7
Advice of Attorney General
Ford Before Making the
the Peace to Succeed
Kerrigan.
Belief That the Governor Sought th«
»
Long Appointed Justice of
COMMISSIONED BY
CAGE AND PHELAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 25, J900.
Boys' Chofr Renders Christmas Carols to Pleased Throngs in Hotel Lobbies — Purse of Charity
Opens Wide for the Needy—Crowds of Gay Holiday Purchasers Fill the Stores.
.A. ¦ , \ : ¦ ! • • -',' : - ' "
SPIRIT OF THE YULETIDE MAKES HEARTS GLOW
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Don't
Use a Refrigerator
a it is kept clean with
I GOLD DUST
I Washing Powder
¦ The taint of decaying particles
m of food is absolnte poison.
I. 30 Days Only, D
1^1 m§ discount I
oa All Plate*. Crowns and Stf
„„ Brid£ework. A
M Fillings, SOe Crowns, S3J5O £
g Plates, &5.0O Full Set r|
I CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, E]
I 24 Sixth Street. B
The "DAM" RECLINING CHAI3
A Handsome Christmas /^e&y
£aay and Com?ortab!e. /af^Ss&r
Price $15. Come and see it.
W. A. SCHROCK,
19 New Montgomery Street.
DR.MCNULTY.
rpjIIS WELL-KNOW^ ASH RKLTABLB OLD
_L 8pfld»llstCT<re»Blo<Ml Piiison,Gonorrht»»,Gle*t
8trictor«>. seminal Weakness. Impotence and tbaic
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men, free!
OverCOyearVexperfence.TernM reasonable. Hoart
9to3daily;6:30 tnS. 30 «.T't:% Sundays. 10 toll ConsS-
tatlon tree and sacred Jy coafldentUU. Call or address
r. BO8COE M eXUMT, M. D.
30 K Kenray St., San Frsneiaco, ctL