The principal discussion wds with refer
ence to the organization of the govern
ment of the party. A courtcil of twenty
five members wa3 elected, togeOur with
an executive committee.
MANILA, Dec. 23.— The recently organ
ized autonomy party * was launched to
day at a meeting attended by virtually all
the loyal Filipino leaders in Manila. The
declartlon of principles was read and af
ter some discussion adopted by a vote of
123, less than half a dozen declining to
vote. All signed an indorsement of the
platform. Including Senor Paterbo. one of
the most Influential of the former Insur
gent . leaders, whose real attitude toward
American authority had been much ques
tioned.
Loyal Filipino Leaders in Manila
Sign the Declaration.
AUTONOMY PARTY FORMED.
"As a result of the activity of the men
involved in the mining conspiracy, 1517
claims, covering 149.2SS.134.27 square metres
of land were filed.
"The record discloses an undefined but
apparently close relation of Oscar F. Wil
liams, as United States Consul, with the
Inspectorate of mines. It Is of such na
ture as to seem to require a statement of
facts appearing In the records of this
bureau."
be used in the organization and .floating
of speculative mining corporations in the
United States and elsewhere.
- "That motive, after the raising of the
siege, appears to have been increased by
the further one of gaining money by; se
curing claims to large tracts of land to
"Foreseeing the probable downfall of
Spanish power in these islands," Lieuten
ant Burritt says, "a plan was devised
and put into operation on May 3. 1S38, by
these three officials, whose motives at
that time, it would seem, were to embar
rass the Government and_ reserve to their
friends large cdiUrbl in the" best known
mining regions of* the archipelago. If
Spain should be obliged ; to yield the Isl
ands permanently.
This charge is made by First Lieutin
ant Charles H. Burritt. Eleventh Caval
ry, In an official report submitted to^
General MacArthur and by him sent to'
the War Department. The report is very
specific. The Spaniards involved are:
Moncada, former director general of civil
administration: Nonito Prim' y Llops, his
secretary, and Luis Esplna y Capo.'- in
spector general of mines.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. 1403 G
STREET. N. W., WASHINGTON. Dec.
23.— Former Consul Oscar F. Williams oC
Rochester, N. Y., who represented the
United States in Manila* just before and
after the war with Spcln, is charged with
having sustained vfery close relations with
high Spanish officials who were involved
In a bold attempt to defraud the Govern
ment that succeeded Spain In the Philip
pine archipelago.
Dr. Pearsons' Latest Donation a
GIVES THREE MILLION _
DOLLARS IN BENEFACTIONS
Christmas Present to Colorado
College.
CHICAGO, Dec. 23.— Dr. D. K. Pearsons
has sent his cheel* for $50,000 as a Christ
mas present to Colorado College. Within
the last seven I weeks Dr. Pearsons has
given $200,000 to one other educational in
stitution, but declines to state the name
of the recipient," who gave a. pledge that
the donor's name should never be di
vulged during his lifetime.
FROM HIS RECENT ILLNESS
These two gifts, together with $30,000
said to have been given by Dr. Pearsons
for the erection of a dormitory
a. Northwestern University, bring the to
tal of his known benefactions during the
past ten years to the . sum of $2,489,000, ;
though these figures fall short of the com
plete list. The money tendered -anony
mously probably, reaches. $500,000, making
the" whole amount very' close to $3,000.
000." .. ,1
ACTOR SOTHERN RECOVERS
Will Apepar With Virginia Harned
at. the Olympic Theater in
S. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, I Dec. 23.-E. H. Sothern, the
well-known actor, who has been suffering
for some time from a serious accident
wheraby he was forced to cancel numer
ous engagements at" a; consequent heavy
financial loss, arrived here to-night from
the ; East in company with Virginia Har
ned and other members of Daniel Froh
man's company. For the first time since
his^ illness, -Mr. Sothern will appear to
morrow night at the Olympic Theater. It
is said that Mr. Sothern has entirely, re
covered from the effects of his accident.
TO STAY AT LIVADI Ai
Month.
Emperor Nicholas Not to Leave for a
ST. PETERSBURG; Dec. 23.— The cor
respondent of the Associated Press was
informed .by ; one: of ; the Ministers of: state
this afternoon that Emperor Nicholas and
tho Ministers of Finance, War and For
eign Affairs do not-expect to leave Liva
dla,,where the Czarjs convalescing, before
the middle of "January.
WORK SOON TO COMMENCE.
Director Reams cf ; Clark's Railroad
Back From New York.
l , SALT ; LAKE;/ Utah; : Dec; 23.— Director]
Thomas . Kcarns^of; the -San* Pedro, Loa
Angeles and Salt; Lake, returned from
Ne'wjfork to-night.'; He has been. there to
meet Senator, Clark, K. ; C. Kerens, and
others, y He states : that ¦ there is not ¦ the
¦slightest: doubt that -the road ; will ;; bo
built and work will commence in Utah
early ; in the" New Year ¦
ARCHBISHOP TR.-prr.A-WT>
NOT TO GO TO CUBA
Denies the Statement That He Had
Been Commissioned by the
President to Do So.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Dec. 23.— Archbishop
Ireland returned to St. , Paul to-day and
took occasion to deny the statements re
cently telegraphed from Duluth, that he
was to visit Cuba and Porto Rico as a
special commissioner, appointed by the
President to settle the disputes in regard
to the church property. •
"There is nothing whatever to the
story," said the Archbishop. "Such a
thing was not mentioned by the Presi
dent,' nor by any one on behalf of the Gov
ernment. If I should 'ever visit the isl
and—and I have no present Intention of
doing so— it would be purely on my own
account.", J :
The Archbishop said his principal object
in visiting Washington had been to at
tend a meeting 'of the Lafayette Monu
ment Association. ' ¦ ,
"We found that- after paying all the
expenses of erecting the bronze statue in
Paris," he said, "we would have on hand
$3000. We therefore decided to duplicate
the monumental statue in Washington or
some other 'American city, provided an
additional amount can be raised. The
matter will be definitely settled at a meet
ing to be held In Chicago early in Jan
uary.
"In Chicago I attended a meeting of the
Marquette Monument Society. The so
ciety voted to erect a monument to Fath
er Marquette at Point St. Ignace. on the
north "shore of the Mackinac Straits;
where he set out on his voyage which re
sulted in the discovery of the Mississippi.
The : monument will cost $30,C00] but the
design has not as yet been selected, nor
has a sculptor been determined on."
BOUND AND GAGGED
AND ROBBED OF FUNDS
men's Lodge, Held Up by Des
,' perate Footpads.
N. J. Neils?n, Treasurer of Work-
MITCHELL, S. D., Dec. 23.-N. J. Nell
sen,; treasurer of the Workmen's Lodge of
this city, was held up by footpads at mid
night: last 5 , night, bound and gagged, his
pockets rifled of $250,- and left lying in an
alley -to freeze. When found by a: night
watchman Neilsen's hands and feet, were
badly frozen and he was unconscious. The
money taken from his pockets was funds
he had collected as treasurer of the lodge
and which he was preparing to turn over
to his successor. ,., There is no clew to the
perpetrators of the crime. ;
JOHN' T. McCTJTCHEON ILL:
Well-Known Correspondent Suffering
* : From' Pneumonia. - ,
CHICAG6.; Dec! ; 23.— John T.sMcCutch
eon, the artist and newspaper, correspond
ent, is critically, ill .'at "his home in this
city. , . He was . stricken with pneumonia
several 'days ago.
Burns Nearly a Half Cen
turu and Mau Last
Two Years More,
TAMAQUA, Pa., Dec. 23.— The oiTlcials
of the Lehigh *Coal,a-ijl |^>Vlgayon,Com-.
pany are"jublfa'nt 'over the fact that : the
fire In the celebrated burning mine at
Summit niUi which started forty- two
years ago, is now under control, and it is
said the next two years will see it ex
tinguished.
The fire, which, has consumed about
thlrty-flve acres of the finest coal land In
the anthracite coal region, has moved
westward toward Lansford. Two im
mense drilling machines, which have been
constantly probing for the fire, have now
honey-combed the earth to the west of
the burning portion. Culm is being poured
into these holes, and a solid mass will
thus confront the fire.
SUMMIT HILL .
MINE FIRE NOW
UNDER CONTROL
MANILA, Dec. 24.— Advices brought to
day, by steamer.from Southern Luzon say
that a lieutenant and sixty men of the
Ninth United'. States Cavalry attacked a
large body of Insurgents last Wednesday
near Gunobatan, province of Albay. After
the battle forty-flve dead insurgents were
counted, together with many wounded.
The only American casualty was the
wounding of a sergeant, who was cor
nered by several rebels and struck in the
leg by boloa. The rebel loss was the
heaviest recorded among recent en
counters.
The cutting of wires has delayed the
official report of the engagement.
Sixty Men of the Ninth
Cayalru Engage Rebels
in Southern Luzon.
TAGALS LEAVE
MANY DEAD ON
BATTLEFIELD
THE important state -question of . the marriage of^
Priness Maria de las Mercedes to Prince Charles of
Bourbon has been settled according to the wishes of
the royal lovers. The Princess Maria is the eldest
sister of King Alfonso of Spain. The announcement
some months ago of her attachment for the Bourbon Prince
aroused a storm of protest in political circles and threatened
to lead to serious entanglements. Through the influence of
the. Queen Regent the matter has been amicably adjusted.
Last Sunday, the Queen Regent received a graceful letter
from* the father of the Prince asking her daughter's hand .
In marriage for his son. The Queen Regent summoned the
Cabinet and communicated the contents of the letter to the
Ministers. They formally acquiesced and framed a message
authorizing the marriage. This message was transmitted to
the, Cortes yesterday.
A PRINCESS OF SPAIN AND A PRINCE OF THE. HOUSE OF BOURBON. WHOSE COURSE OF TRUE LOVE.
AFTER LEADING THROUGH MANY POLITICAL ENTANGLEMENTS. .HAS FINALLY ENDED IN . A
FORMAL AUTHORIZATION OF THEIR MARRIAGE BY THE SPANISH CABINET
Army Officer Accuses American Represent
ative at Manila of Fraud.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LONDON, Dec. 24.— Lord Kitchen
er's dispatches, breathing cond
der.ee hardly Justified by their
contents, are almost the only
available news from the seat of
hostilities* in South Africa, but telegrams
from Cape Town depict the situation In
anything but roseate hues.
Without believing the assertion of the
Transvaal agency in Brussels that 6003
Beers have . invaded Cape Colony, It t*
quite evident that the invasion was a se
r.'ons and well planned affair. In connec
tion .with this a correspondent sends an
extremely interesting letter, dated Bethu
lie, December 1, describing General Dewet
and his doings.
"Dewet has never been taken serlou*-
ly enough," says the correspondent. "It
is of little use to pursue him, as he flghls
a rear- guard action and gains twenty
miles while he is being fought. He is ;i
born military genius, whose wonderful
powers have kept up this phenomenal re
sistance. Once he falls, the whole thin™
could be crushed in a fortnight. He ha*
every single commando under his super
vision. All his patrols and columns march
and counter march on his order. The»
forces* under his command have been re
duced by his strength of will to a prop
erly organized army, moving at his word.
The sooner the British rid themselves of
the idea that Dewet's forces are a mere
rabble.- wandering aimlessly. th» sooner
they will grasp the need of a deter
mined effort which is necessary to capture
him."
The Cape Colony Cabinet had an im
portant sitting yesterday (Sunday). It ap
pears that the Boers have destroyed a
railway bridge ninety feet long about
twelve miles south of De Aar and no
Cape malls have arrived at Bloemfontem
for three days. Further anxiety has been
caused in Cape Town by the discovery
that during the last two months public
bodies in out-of-the-way places have re
quisitioned supplies of dynamite. The Co-
lonlal Government Is' now* endeavoring to
recover possession of these explosives and
is removing all stores of arms and ammu
nition from suspected depots.
Other advices from Cape Town report
the Dutch element in Cape Colony as
greatly elated over the southward pa53
age of the Boers and as boasting that the
whole district of Victoria West 'will Join
the raiders. It is suspected in Cape Town
that the force traveling from Zootpans
Drift is not a body of Boers, but one of
Colonials, hastening to join the invaders.
The Pletermaritzburg correspondent of
the Dally Mail says: •
"The Boers are active between Johan
nesburg and Pretoria, exchanging shots
with the British outposts, and it Us re
ported that pariles of Boers are' hovering
around Johannesburg."
BELIEVES BOER RAID CHECKED.
Kitchener Keports the Operations of ;
Forces Under His Command.
LONDON, Dec. 23.— The "War Office has
received the following dispatch from
Lord Kitchener, dated Pretoria, Decem
ber 22:
"As far as It Is possible for me to form
an opinion from the reports of officers on
the spot, I think the Boer movement into
Cape" Colony has been checked. Of -the
two forces that entered the colony the
eastern Is still north of the Zoutpans
berg range, while the one that entered
SERIOUS CHARGE AGAINST
FORMER CONSUL WILLIAMS
west appears to have been turned in
the direction of Brltstown and Prlesfca.
Our troops are getting around both sides.
and a special column is also being organ
ized, which will b,e dispatched immediate
ly when I know where its services are
most wanted.
"The Boer9 have not received much as
sistance- in Cape Colony as far as my In
formation goes. We have armed some of
the cc'onlsts. . who are assisting our
forces. Railway and telegraph communi
cation has been much interrupted by the
very bad weather.
"Dewet Is In the neighborhood ot
Senekal. General French, In conjunction
with 'General Clements, attacked a force
under Beyers south of the Magallesberg.
The Boers broke away In a southwesterly
direction toward Potchefstroom, and wero
followed by General Gordon with a col
umn of French's force.
"Yesterday evening about 5 o'clock
Clement's force was engaged south of
Ollphants Xek, but I do not know th«
result."
A later dispatch from Lord Kitchener,
dated Pretoria, December 22, says:
"The western column of Boers occupied
Brltstown, and cut the railway south of
De Aar Junction. The enemy Is being
followed up.
ENGLAND BUYS HOUSES.
"General French has been in. contact for
two days with the^ commandoes of Beyers
and Delarey, south of the Magallesberg.
He is pursuing them. The enemy have
lost considerably, and Commandant Kreuz
and others have been captured. General
Colvllle engaged two separate command
oes December 21 near Vladkfonteln wltn
slight losses, the enemy retiring."
Fifty Thousand Animals to Be Bushed
to South Africa.
KANSAS CITY. Dec. 23.— Captain Hey
gate. of the British Army, la purchasing
50.000 cavalry horses and mules' for "tfta
British Army in South Africa. He came
here more than a year ago to buy horses
and mules for the British Army, but he
was ordered home a short time ago be
cause it was thought that the Boer war
was over. But the unexpected renewal of
hostilities has made the purchase of more
horses and mules absolutely necessary.
One shipload of the animal3 will be
taken to South Africa by Lieutenant
David B. Moberly. leaving New York soon
after January L Lieutenant -Moberly
said:
"By the time the horses and mules are
landed in South Africa they cost the Brit
ish Government J360 a head. That is a
large price for an animal which will, be fit
for service only six weeks. Most of the
animals die because of the change of cli
mate. They must cross the equator in go-
Ing to South Africa, and the torrid heat
of the tropics kills them rapidly. The
average death rate on shipboard Is thirty
two to the 1000.
"J3!nce the beginning of the Boer war
England has purchased over 100,000 horses
and mules in the United States. It re
quired sixty-five ships to carry them from
New Orleans to South Africa. Baden-
Powell now has 23,000 mounted police, and
it Is proposed to mount 50,000 of the Im
perial Infantry. England has discovered
that her soldiers must be mounted to 15a
able to cope with the Boer, who gets over
the country with alarming rapidity."
Belief at Cape Town That the Force Seen
Near Zootpans Drift Are Colonials Has
tening to Join Advancing Commandos
lelegrams From South Africa Do Not Bear
Out Lord. Kitchener's Claim That the
Republican's Raid Is Aready Checked.
CAPE COLONY DUTCH
LENDING SUPPORT TO
THE BOER INVADERS
Archbishop Walsh Subscribes to
CONGRATULATES EEDKOND
Irish Parliamentary Fund.
DUBLIN. Dec. 23.— Archbishop Walsh,
in a letter to John E. Redmond,* leader of
the Irish party, says:
•The time has come to resume the old
practice, in abeyance for several years, of
subscribing to the Irish Parliamentary
fund."
He enclosed a check for ten pounds and
congratulated Mr. Redmond upon* "grap- :
pling with exemplary success with "the
difficulties of your posIUa*. 11
tent that preparations were made to gain
possession of the totem pole and kill both
Harry and Daniel.
Word of these intentions was brought
by friendly Indians who arrived from Ju
neau a few days ago in a canoe. Captain
J. II. Pendleton, commanding the fifty
five marines stationed here, immediately
made every preparation to meet the Im
pending difficulty. Ammunition was is
sued to each man, the three-Inch rapid
fire and the Colts automatic were put into
condition for use at a moment's notice
and the men were confined to the barrack
grounds. The strength of the guard has
been Increased recently and extreme vigi
lance Is a' standing order.
The arrival of the Cottage City to-day
was expected to bring some reassuring
news, but nothing of that nature was to
be learned. The steamer carried about
the usual number of Indian passengers,
but they were reticent even to an unusual
degree. At a late hour to-day Captain
Fendleton issued an order that all ma
rines out of the barracks, on" duty or
otherwise, should return immediately,
under penalty of heavy punishment, on'
the firing of the signal gun.
commissioner, and later Into courts at
iuneau. In both courts it was held that
the frogr belonged to the Sitka tribe, and
that the other Indians had no valid claim
upon It. The final decision worked upon
the tcelicgs of tfc* T n^tan B to such an ex-
After numerous squabbles the quarrel
•f the Indians was finally taken before a
The cause of the Ill-feeling directed
tgair.st Daniel dates back to the time
*hen he joined force* with the United
States Marshal. Since that time he has
*au»*« the arrest of hundreds of squaws
•nd bucks for breaking: the liquor regula
tions governing: Indians, and has been cor
«UaIly hated in consequence.
The present trouble Is of several years'
•Umding. About two years ago, a "pot
latch" was conducted in Sltka by the dif
ferent tribes of Alaskan Indians, and at
that time a new totem pole was produced
b^ the Sitka tribes. It bore the emblem
of the Aleskan Indians, a frog, and it is
because of this wooded figure that resi
dents of this city are in danger. Several
cf the vigorous tribes made vigorous pro
test* against the Sltka tribe having and
keeping the eacred emblem of all the
• tribes, which, they claimed, waa not pro
duced legitimately. It was proved that
the frog was carved by an Indian named
Jlarry, at the instigation of one Daniel.
*.ho Is looked upon as an arch enemy of
the Indians.
SEATTLE, Dec. a.— A letter received
here to-night from Sitka. Alas-ka. dated
December 17, cays: This city is in a state
of suppressed excitement fearine an out
break of the Indians. The marines sta
tioned here are lying on their arms, and
the Marshal an* deputies have made ar
rangements to do all in their power to
protect white citizens in case of trouble
The aspect Is serious, as the Indians out
number by far the combined marine guai*l
and the United States Marshal's force.
MEIKLEJOHN SEEKS TO
BECOME A SENATOR
Management of His Cam
paign.
Goes to Lincoln to Assume Personal
LINCOLN, Neb. Dec 23.— Assistant
Secretary of War Meiklejohn will arrive
In Lincoln to-morrow to assume personal
management of his canvass for a seat in
the United States Senate. The Legisla
ture, which convenes on the first of the
new year, will have two Senators to elect,
it being necessary to choose a successor
to John M. Thurston and to fill the va
cancy caused by the death of M. L. Hay
ward, occupied at present by William V.
Allen, by appointment of the Governor.
Both houses of the Legislature are Re
publican, but the majority Is . small in
either branch.
There are a dozen candidates for the
vacant seats, the more prominent, aside
from Mr. Melklejohn, being E. Rosewater
and Congressman Mercer of Omaha, D.
E. Thompson of Lincoln, former Con
gressman Hainer of Aurora, L.D.'Rich
ards of Fremont, E. H. Hinshaw of Fair
bury, and former Governor Lorenza
Crounse of Fort Calhouh, himself a mem
ber of the State Senate.
There is a disposition to follow the old
rules of geographical lines, according one
Senator to North Platte,,the other to the
South Platte country; the question of the
long and phort term for the present cut
ting little figure.
PARDON FOR FORMER ,
POLICEMAN "FURLONG
Took Iiif e During a Dispute
Over Boer War.
Governor Tanner Frees a Man Who
CHICAGO, Dec. 23.— Former .Policeman
Patrick Furlong, who In February; 1900,
killed Edward Leach, a brother officer,
and was sentenced to the penitentiary
for fourteen years, has been pardoned by
Governor Tanner and will take his Christ
mas dinner with his family in Chicago.
Furlong, who is of Irish parentage, and
Leach, an Englishman, became Involved
in an argument about the Boer ; war.
Leach said England could whip any,coun
try on earth and this ied to # blows: Then
the men drew revolvers and Furlong shot
first with fatal effect, ,
PRINCE OSCAR •: IMPROVES.
Condition of the Crown Prince of
Sweden and Norway ! Better.
• STOCKHOLM, Dec. 23.— The condition
of Prince Oscar, Duke of Scanic.. eldest
son of: the Crown Prince of Sweden and
Norway, who has been seriously ¦ ill. is
now much improved.
The disappearance of Lieutenant Count
Snoilsky , Military Attache of the Swedish
and Norwegian Legation in Berlin, is at
tributed to mental derangement.' * "'
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio, Dec. 23— Dr.
Clark of this city has received a letter,
from John J. Moran, dated "Experimental
Sanitary .Camp, . Quesnados, Cuba," .In
which the latter says he has volunteered
to test the theory that the germs of yel
low fever are carried by mosquitos. He
says he "will be placed in a house built
for the purpose and sleep there every
night in a room with forty-flve mosquitos
that have bitten yellow fever patients."
He says that two men bitten ha\-e taken
yellow fever, and that the theory bids
fair to be established.
Moran was formerly a coachman in
Toungstown, and enlisted In the hospital
service at the outbreak of the late war.
Volunteer to Sleep in a
Room With Infected
Mosauitos,
RISKS LIFE TO
TEST A YELLOW
FEVER THEORY
Protests Against Sultan Buying a
Cruiser Before Settling With
Krupp.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Dec 23.— The ex
pected Imperial lrade authorizing the sign-
Ing of the contract for the construction of
a cruiser for the Ottoman navy by "the
Cramp Ship Building Company, together
with the initial deposit of £100,000, has
not yet been issued.
It appears that the German embassy
has protested to the Porte against the
payment to the Cramps before the
amount owing to Herr Krupp for naval
guns has been paid.
Wuchang an Open Port.
PARIS, Dec. 23.— The semi-official Temps
announces In confirmation of the press
dispatches that the Viceroy of the prov
inces cf Hupel and Hunan declares that
Wuchang was made an open port.
Spanish Minister Will Present the
Preliminary Joint Note.
PEKING, Dec. 23.— Li Hung Chang,
answering an inquiry from the foreign en
voys regarding- his health, said he be
lieved he would be able to attend the
meeting to-morrow in order to accept with
Prince Ching the preliminary joint note.
The note will be presented by the Span
ish Minister. Senor B. J. de Cologan. Dean
of the diplomatic corps, with a few w r ords
expressive of a hope for as prompt a re
ply as possible to a note which has been
carefully prepared with every desire to
continue the dynasty and not to be hard
toward the nation, and of a further hope
that the Chinese plenipotentiaries will
urge upon Emperor Kwang Hsu the ne
cesFity of immediate compliance. _'-.An
answer Is expected about Thursday.
KATgfa MIXES IN OUR,
* DISPUTE WITH TURKEY
nity question to a court of five jurists
to be selected from these members of
The Hague tribunal nominated by the
countries whose interests were largely af
fected by the Chinese trouble. It Is point
ed out that th«*re are sixteen nations sign
atory to The Hague treaty, only ten of
v hifh are involved in the Chi
nes** trouble. The . remaining six —
Denmark. Sweden and Norway, the
Netherlands, Roumanla and Portugal
— have appointed, or will appoint,
if the precedent fixed by the other pow
ers be followed, their ablest jurists, so
that there would be no difficulty in the
way of getting an unbiased court. The
claimants could submit their claims to
this court, which wo'.ild receive and con
sider them. The only objection to this
plan is the delay that would ensue, and
this is important in view of the purpose
of Great Britain, to which assent has
been given by the other powers, to keep
troops in Peking and the province of
Chili "until the Chinese government
complied with the conditions" set forth in
the agreement. .
PROMPT REPLY REQUESTED.
POWERS MAY DEMAND
AN ENORMOUS SUM AS
INDEMNITY FROM CHINA
American Government Seeks to Lighten the
Burden That Will Be Put Upon the Em
pire Because of the Boxer Outrages
»
Suggests Two Hundred Million Dollars as
the Maximum Sum, but the Figures Are
Likely to Be Many Times That Amount
.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HnAPOrARTERS. 1406 G
STREKT. N. W.. WASHINGTON'.
Dec. 23.— Two hundred million
dollars is the maximum sum tho
administration wan's tho powers
to demand of China a" ir"!emnlty. yet the
figures .ire likely to be many time? that
amount. The 1'nitr-d State? army has a
deficiency of ?ll.OG-i/ 1 *) for transportation
end supplies, and most bl that is charged
ngsirM China.
Article VT of the agreement signed by
the f«rc:e-n Ministers in Peking requires
the rpynr.e.nt by China of "equitable in
£ramlties" of a very sweeping character.
The Indemnity to be pa'.d to the gov
ernments is fn the nature of restitution
of the expenses incurred in dispatching
nvA maintaining troops in China, and. it
is feared, rray be made to include sums
to be raid to the he!rs of those kil'ed t:i
P<~tlon or to those who received wounds
during the engagements Incident to the
rapture of Poking. The local losses of
the allied forces defending the legations
wore 67 killed and 120 wounded, and
many Chinese in the employ cf the mis
sionaries and legations lost their lives.
An idea of the indemnity to be demanded
for the expense of several military expe
ditions may be obtained from this table,
f-hnwing the Ftrrngth of the allies:
Russia, «sjjW men brought from Siberia.
Japan, ~.~3 men transported from
Japan.
Germany. 15,600 men ar.d 44 guns, all but
a few hundred of whom, stationed at Kia
ochau before the outbreak occurred, wera
brought from Germany.
Great Britain, S745 men brought from
Hongkong and India-
United States, 561S men dispatched from
the Philippines and #ie United States.
France. D3TS men sent to rue North from
Cochin, China.
IiaJy. 1000 men transported from Italy.
Austria. 254 men landed from her war
fhips.
The societies named axe religious bod-
Ire that maintain missionaries in China,
many of whom were killed. They will not
only want heavy sums to indemnify the
f.^irs of those killed, but to solace those
vhn were Insulted, ajid also to repair the
damage done in the destruction of mis
sion property. Many merchants suffered
losses in consequence of the outrages.
The American legation In Peking was
owned by Colonel Charles Denby, Mr.
Conger's predecessor, and other legations
were owned by foreigners ,t foreign gov
ernments. It will thus be seen that the
amount of indemnity xvill assume gigantic
figures.
The administration officials believe
the amour.t demanded should not be more
than ?300,V.:>0.000, and that in case of ina
fcility to properly distribute the indem
nity the matter should be brought to the
attention of The Hague court. In case,
however, it should develop that it is
impossible to agree upon a reasonable
tun, then this Government will urge the
immediate reference of the whole indem-
Marine Guard Under Arms Day and Night
in Anticipation of Trouble.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PEOPLE OF SITKA FEAR
AN UPRISING OF INDIANS
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1900.
VOLUME L.XXXIX— NO. 24.
rEICE FIVE CENTS.
KING ALFONSO'S SISTER TO WED A BOURBON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Chinaman Murdered.
SAN ; DIEGO, Dec. 23.— A special to the
Union from Ensenada says that a Chrna
man: named Gee Sun was found dead in
his wagon near Alamo. He had been shot
throughthe neck. "HIb pockets' had been
rifled. ¦
CHICA.GO, Dec 23.— To shield his moth
er from abuse and save : himself from a
beating with a poker Albert Albertson
to-day shot and killed his father at their
home on Wentworth avenue. Albert who
is 17 years : old, was : arrested.
Shoots His Father.
SANTI AGO,' Chile, Dec/ 23.— The Oorern
ment of Chile, which recently invited tend
ers for '400 freight cars,' has 'accepted 300
from Dosche . & Co., and 100 from W. R
Grace & Co., of American manufacture
Chile Buys American Cars.
Von Bulow Decorated.
BERLIN, " • T>ec 23. — This afternoon Em
peror. William visited the Imperial Chan
cellor," Count von Bulow, and personally
conferred upon him the insignia of the.
Order of the Black Eagle. .
TBXARKANA, Ark.. Dec. 23.— The
Texas and Pacific passenger train of the
Laredo and Fort worth line was partially
wrecked ten miles west of here to-day. The
engine struck a cow, Jumped the- track
and turned over. One of the firemen, Ed
Catterson, was killed, and Engineer - Cub
bity r badly scalded. No one else was seri
ously hurt.
Wreck Caused by a Cow.
FAIRMOUNT, W.. Va., Dec. 23.^-The
largest coal deal - ever • made in Harrison
County, will be made in a few .days. The
territory comprises 12,000 acres, or nine
teen square miles,. lying around Salem.
The purchasers are James E. Brown of
Unlontown and Alfred J. Cochran of
Dawson, who will pay $842,000 for the en
tire tract. ja ¦?¦ •/,,*•; ¦>
Big Coal Deal Pending.
MACON, Miss., Dec. 23.— News was re
ceived here to-night that a tornado passed
through the eastern edge of Noxubee
County and tho western part of Pickens
and Sumpter counties, Ala., last night do
ing great damage. Telephone news is
meager. One house on tne Sparkman
place was destroyed. A residence on the
Ross place, near Cook sville, was -wrecked
and its furniture destroyed. On the Beal
place several houses were blown away
On the John Windham place, the store
house and barns were destroyed and a
negro and several mules . killed. On the
Nancy plantation a house was destroyed
and a negro killed.
Alabama Visited by the
. Storm.
Several Counties in Mississippi and
MUCH DAMAGE IS
DONE BY TORNADO
The gale has moderated and incoming
vessels report fearful experiences. The
German, Bhlp Helnrich, Captain Sager,
encountered head winds, which prevented
her sailfng farther than 250 miles west of
the coast of Ireland. The crew were ut
terly exhausted, having- been day and
night at the pumps. The Heinrich will
dock here for repairs.
The British steamer Karoon, Captain
Freeman, from Philadelphia December 7
for Cork, has also arrived here and re
ports having passed a L*yland line steam
ship off the west coast of Ireland during
the gale and that the latter was listed to
an angle of forty-five degrees.
A seaman named Armfield was struck
by a falling block during the voyage and
killed. ¦
QUEENSTOWN, Dec. 23.— The British
bark Pegasus, Captain Bailey, fronv San
Francisco August 27 for this port, arrived
here to-day with considerable damage to
her deck.
COPENHAGEN. Dec. 23.— The sallimy
ship Iverra was wrecked last Friday near
Goeteborg, Southwestern Sweden. Seven
of the crew were drowned. Three man
aged to reach an uninhabited island,
where two died, the third being rescued
to-day.
LONDON/ Dec. 24.— A dispatch from
Aberdeen says five Shetland fishing boats
have been missing since the storm that
raged last week and it is feared that
twenty-seven fishermen have been
drowned.
Twenty-Seven Fishermen
Are Missing From
Shetland.
LIVES LOST IN
STORMS AT SEA
NfcW YORK, Dec. 23.— The Journal has
the following from Omaha: Omaha po
lice have found a man -who absolute'y
identifies Pat Crowe as the man who rent
ed the old vacant house to which young
Cudahy was taken, and as the man who
abducted the boy.
Alleged Identification of Crowe.
Reports were in circulation here to
night that one of the Kidnapers of young
Cudahy was under arrest at Fort Dodge.
Iowa. As far as can be definitely
learned, this report had its origin in the
fact that an Armenian named Albi, who
had a considerable sum of gold in his pos
session, was taken from an Illinois Cen
tral train at Fort Dodge on 'Wednesday
night. It Is said, however, that the man
had met an injury on the train and that
he was taken to a hospital in Fort Dod*<».
He attracted attention In the hospital
from the fact that he carrietJ so much
gold. It is stated, however, that he left
Omaha some hours before Mr. Cudahy
turned over the ransom.
In the meantime the city is being dili
gently searched for any sign of the other
men described by persons living In the
vicinity of the abductors' prison house.
There is still a dark coiriplexioned man
in the case, but he is larger than Johnson
and younger. Otherwise he is very much
like Johnson, having a black mustache
and dark hair slightly mixed with crey.
If the police have any idea who this man
is they will not admit it. So far as they
know, he was seen by but one person and
that was Eddy Cudahy nimself. The
other bandit was a light complexioned
man with brown hair and long, light mus
tache, slight of build, and whose age is
said to be somewhere between 30 and 35.
The individuals are described by three
persons beside the kidnaped boy, namely
a. K. Munshaw, James Schneiderwind and
Frank Glynn. He Is the man who called
at the Schneiderwind home to engage the
cottage at Thirty-sixth and Grover streets
and who called up the Cudahy mansion
from Glynn's livery state to give notice of
the letters being In the front yard. The
police are satisfied that they know the
man and if he is the person they think he
is. he probably will be in custody within
the next ten days at least. If guilty he
cannot remain at large long, they say.
E. A. Cudahy Sr. still entertains the
theory that If Pat Crowe was not one of
the men who kidnaped his son he will
lose no tirrte in advising him of this fact.
Mr. Cudahy has befriended Crowe many
times in the past.
"Why," said the packer. In the course of
a conversation to-day, "Pat Crowe knows
perfectly well that if he had come to me
a week ago and asked me for J25.000 he
would have got it. He haa often ex
pressed a tense of gratitude for what I
have done for him and I can hardly be
lieve he would turn against me in this
way."
Chief of Police Donahue is well pleasec
with the progress his men are making,
saying that trie arrest of Johnson narrows
the case down by eliminating one of the
extraneous features and centering the
chief interest about^ie "light" man whe
rented the house irlm Mrs. Schneider
wind.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Dec. 23,-The mysteri
out "dark" man in the Cudahy kidnaping
was yesterday arrested by the police from
the description given by Miss Maude Mun-
Fhaw. who lives near the house in which
Eddis Cudahy was held for ransom by his
adbuctors.
His name is Ed Johnson. He Is a laborer
in the Cudahy packing plant and- resides
at Twenty-sixth and Walnut streets. He
admittecLhRving gone out to the Grover
street house three times for the purpose
of renting the building, which he found
alreadjr*let to the "light" man and his
accomplices. Johnson was easily able to
prove to the satistaction of the police and
Mr. Cudahy, who was called in. that ha
bad nothing to do with the cose, and was
allowed to return to his wife and family
of six children.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
He Is Found to Bs an Employe of the
"Millionaire Packer and Eas
ily Establishes an
Polica Arrest the "Dark"
Man in the Cudahy Kid
naping Case.
SUSPECT PROVES
HIS INNOCENCE
Stops the [ Cough.
And works off the Cold. - LaxeUt* ¦ Bromo-
Quinlne Tablets cure a cold In ons day. No
Cure, No Fay. Price 25 cents. ¦
¦-.-• •'¦'•<
LONDON, Dec. '24.— "Russia . offered
Roumanla a loan of sixteen millions,"
says the Vienna correspondent of"-: the
Daily Express, "to assist her in the finan
cial crisis, but the offer was -.declined be
cause there were conditions- attached
undermining Roumanlan^ndependence." ,
From Kussia.
Eoumanla Refuses to Accept Money
DECLINES THE LOAN.
.WILKESBARRE, Pa., Dec! 23.— Two
hundred • and fifty girls employed at the
Wyoming Valley i Lace Mills, , this city,
have notified the management : that they
will not report for work to-morrow. They
go put ¦ in ¦ sympathy with- the 'weavers o£
the mill,- who have been out on a strike
for nine months. • The failure of the- girls
to report for, work will necessitate the to
tal ; suspension of the plant \ / . > : ,
Strike- of :OirlB.
Forced to . Suspend by Reason of
i 'Five-mile match- race, motor-paced, between
Johnny Nelson of Boston and Hardy Downing:
of San Jose — First heat -won -• by Nelson" in
8:01 2-5. ' In the second , heat Kelson's motor
went wrong and Downing won in 8:64 2-6. The
third heat and race was won by Nelson in
8:12 2-5. '
XiACE MILLS STOPPED.
•- Mile, amateur . handicap— John Lake, New
York (scratch), won; F. Florentln. Lo« Ange
lea (SO ¦ yards), I second ; -' Isadora Cohn, Los ! An-
S*Ies (26 yards), third. Time. *:10 S-6. -
One mile, colored handicap— Lawrence . "Wells
(scratch), won; John Scott (25 yards), second;
•Louis Anderson •, (50 . yards),, third. Time,
2:19 3-5. --.... r- ; \ ;-,~-.
- LOS ANGELES. Dec. 23.— The world's
motor-paced record for five miles, was
smashed at the .Velodrome .Indoor bicycle
track this evening, when Johnny Nelson
of Boston led Hardy. Downing of San Jose
across the tape in 8:01 2-6. . Summary : ;
I#os Angeles.
Johnny Nelson Makes Good Tim© at
WORLD'S RECOBJD BROKEN.
Mr. Navin' said that the new league was
looking for protection from the American
League and- ¦was, ready to live and die
with it He also said that they would
have { no connection with the National
League. ' - .
Grand Rapids, Buffalo, St. Paul and
Indianapolis are strong possibilities for
the new . league, and there are half a
dozen others that are applicants for fran
chises. . . - . .-.
CHICAGO, Dec. 23. — The American
League No. 2— the only name which can
be given it until t another is officially
adopted— wilr be launched in this city next
Thursday. At a conference to-night be
tween-President Johnson of the American
League, Attorney Navin of Detroit and
George. W. Burnham It was decided to
call a meeting, for that purpose.
The league will be organized at first
with five cities— Detroit, Toledo, Minne
apolis, Kansas City and Louisville— but
will eventually.,.be made to include eight
cities.'- This is: not due to any lack of
available territory, but it is because the
new. league, like the American, is embar
rassed by a surplus of good cities which
desire franchises in the new hody. Inci
dentally lt> is also due to the fact that
the American League is not yet definitely
fixed, and it Is not considered' desirable
to complete the new circuit until It is de
cided, what cities will be abandoned . by
the "American.
Eventually Eight.
TO FORM NEW LEAGUE.
Will Contain Five Cities at First and
CLERK MacDONALD
SINKING RAPIDLY
Slayer of Auditor Morris Is
Not Expected to
Recover.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— Samuel Mac-
Donald, the treasury clerk who shot and
killed Frank H. Morris, auditor for the
War Department, at the Winder building
yesterday and then wounded himself, was
in a precarious condition at the emer
gency hospital to-night and his death is
expected momentarily. MacDonald has
been entirely conscious since his removal
to the hospital. His condition this morn
ing seemed more favorable, but to-night
it took a turn for the worse and he began
to sink. He has constantly reiterated the
hope that he would die, declaring that
he did not care to live. To-day many per
sons came to see the wounded man, but
the latter was particularly anxious that
none of his friends should talk to the
t?ewspapers about what he told them. He
even took the precaution to tear up their
visiting cards so that their identity might
not be learned. MacDonald has many
friends in this city, who think that his
mind was unsettled at the time of the
shooting.
An autopsy was performed on the body
of Mr. Morris to-day and developed the
fact that three of the five bullets had
struck him. The body will be taken from
here to-morrow evening to Cleveland. The
interment will be in Lake View Cemetery.
The family of the dead man were the
recipients of many telegrams and letters
of condolence to-day, and among the
touching incidents was a visit of twelve
children of Mr. Morris' Sunday-school
class from Faith Chapel.
Dan A. Grosvenor, deputy auditor for
the War Department and the next in line
of rank to the late Mr. Morris, was dis
charged on Saturday. Mr. Grosvenor re
ceived his discharge papers half an hour
after the killing of Mr. Morris. They
were conveyed to him from the office of
Secretary Gage, the discharge taking ef
fect at once.
Captain Cobaugh of the treasury watch
took charge of affairs at the Winder
building shortly after the shooting on
Saturday, with instructions to report to
XV. XV. Brown, auditor for the Navy De
partment and predecessor of Mr. Alorris,
who has been reinstated in his old posi
tion as auditor for the War Department.
DECIDES TO MAKE NO
CONTEST FOR THE OFETCE
Deposed District Attorney of New
York Will Surrender His
Position.
JESSIE MORRISON'S BOND
WILL SOON BE FILED
NEW YORK. Dec. 23.-Eugene A. Phil
bin, who has been appointed by Governor
Roosevelt to succeed Asa Bird Gardlnef
as District Attorney. «n an interview to
day said the first thing he wouid do would
be to resign as a member of the State
Board of Charities and that he would
take charge of the District Attorney's
office as soon as he received the official
notification.
"I had made no ef£prt to get th© ap
pointment and it was entirei— unexpect
ed. I Ehail not make a clean sweep «,f
the District Attorney's office. I shall re
move no man who'is competent to till the
office he occupies and who is doing hi3
duty."
The members of District Attorney Gar
diner's staff held two conferences to-day
and it was decided that thev should not
resign, though several of them at first
strongly favored the resignation of the
entire staff. At the conclusion of th*
conferences Assistant District Attorney
Mclntosh said:
•'Of course, all of us feel that Colonel
Gardiner has met with great injustice- and
as individuals we protest against tha
Governor's action. Our eympathies are
¦with Colonel Gardiner and we will stand
by him to the last ditch, but It was de
cided at the conference to-night that Colo
nel Gardiner will not enter into any legal
contest over the matter, but will surren
der the office."
Prisoner's Brother Asssrts That
Wealthy Men Have Offered
Their Assistance. '
EL DORADO. Kan?.. Dec. 23.— Ha.ywa.r4
Morrison, brother of Jessie Morrison,
whose trial for murdering Mrs. Castle
ended in a disagreement of the Jury, said
to-day:
"Six wealthy men of this county have
volunteered .to go on the $5000 bond. Wo
are in no hurry to file the bond and it !s
not worryinj u* like it Is lots of other
people. Jessie Is feeling very well and
¦till receives letters cf sympathy dally."
While Mr. Morrison would not say when
the bond would be filed be left the impmi.
6ion that his sister would eat Christmas
<Unner at home. •
CONSULS SHOW SLIGHT
FRACTIONAL DECLINE
Americans Very Active in the Lon
don Market and Business Makes
Gains.
LONDON. Dec. £3.— On the whole the
Stock . Exchange last week displayed con
siderable firmness and a fair amount of
business was done, considering the period
of the year. Consols and some other gilt
edged securities showed fractional de
clines. Americans^were very active and
business in this department waa on a
large scale, with important gains all along
the lire. Northern Pacific shares were
much bought, advancing on the week from
7 to 10 points. Eries were also largely
dealt in, gaining from 7 to 8 points. Ow
ing to realizations, prices receded some
what yesterday after the opening, but
they advanced with plenty of buying to
ward the close. Among the other in
creases were Chesapeake and Ohio, which
rose 2 points; Southern Pacific 2 points,
Southern 1%, Norfolk preferred 1 and
most others from M to %. On the other
hand. Illinois Central fell 2^4 points and
Baltimore and Ohio 1 point.
Grand Trunks were largely bought and
closed from ij to 2U higher. A feature of
the foreign market has been Berlin buy
ing Chinese issues, which closed % to 1»£
points higher.
Mines were dull all the week, with a
downward tendency, but closed firmer.
Bar silver closed 1 1-6 better, at 23 1-lSd
per ounce. Money wa* in 'good demand
at th© following rates: On call. 31.2 to 4
per cent; fixtures, Z% to 4; three months'
bills, 4 to 4Vfc.
NORTHWEST- VISITED
BY SEVEBE BLIZZARD
First Storm of the Season to Become
General in the State of
.Minnesota.
ST.. PAUL, Minn.,. Dec. 23;— This section
of the Northwest is experiencing the first
blizzard of the present winter. The pa* t
week has been extremely mild and pleas
ant, and yesterday a springlike rain was
falling. Early to-day, however, the wind
shifted to northwest and changed the rain
to snow. In St. Paul the snowfall has
been light, but the fierce wind' blew it *n
blinding sheet*. The storm is general
throughout .. the State. Af Black River
.Falls, Wls., the thermometer has fallen
twenty-five degrees.
LONDON, Dec. 24.— The Times, in an
editorial on President McKinley's decis
ion to submit the Hay-Pauncefote treaty
to Great Britain, reproaches him with
"shifting a dangerous responsibility" on
the British Government, ana 6ays:
"The President must bear the responsi
bility for any friction that may ensue.
The amended treaty is a bargain to which
we cannot agree and to which no reason
able American who takes the trouble to
reflect upon our side of the question can
expect us to agree. •
"When Senator Lodge announced that
Americans expected Europe 'to keep out'
of America he" forgets that England is a
great North American power and expects
to remain such. '
"li the Hay-Pauncefote treaty Is not
adopted in a form acceptable to us, we
shall stanu quietly upon our indubitable
rights under the ' Clayton-Bulwer treaty,
rights which cannot be affected by any
action the American Senate may choose
to take.
NEW YORK,, Dec. 24.— The Sun has the
following from London: A dispatch to
the Standard from Berlin says it is ru
mored that the Central American repub
lics are about to withdraw their assent to
the construction of the canal by the
United. States » because they disapprove
the alterations made by the American
Senate In the Hay-Pauncefote treaty.
Thus Declares the London
Times in a Criticism of *
McKinley. ~
¦ ..v ¦-.•.., ¦¦•y. • I ¦¦:• i- '
BRITAIN CANNOT
ACCEPT TREATY
Colonel Crowder closes with a lummary
of the report of General J. P. Smith,
Military Governor of Negros, showing
that this Island, which | has had,' . under
the entire period of American controy, a
substantially autonomous form of govern
ment, has changed in favorable ¦• contrast
with the other -islands. The attitude of
the people is highly favorable and tho
largely autonomous government - which
they now enjoy seems to be their fitting
reward, and the people are naturally de
sirous that it should be* continued." But
it will be impossible to discriminate ¦ In
favor of Negros, the report says, in the
scheme of government to "be ultimately
adopted, so that complications are expect
ed not easy of adjustment. ~-
Colonel Crowder thoroughly indorses
the recommendation of Lieutenant Bur
rett, in charge of the mining bureau, look
ing to a thorough change in the mining
laws. He Bays that these are extremely
cumbersome and that once 'they /'are
brought up to American standards the
mineral condition of the country will soon
be enormously improved, as experienced
prospectors and competent mining engi
neers now In the Islands stand .ready to
undertake the work of exploitation.
The extension of the United States emi
gration laws to the islands without sub
stantial change to meet the local condi
tions is said to have proven of doubtful
expediency, and especially so with regard
to the contract labor law. It is essential,
says the report, for the mercantile inter
ests to secure employes from abroad un
der contract, else business will suffer.
These laborers do not come into competi
tion with the native residents. -More than
25,000 Chinese entered and left the islands
last year. Only one-ninth of the land
in the archipelago has been brought* un
der cultivation and there is no land tax.
Regarding the Judicial department, it
early was found to be necessary to pro
vide a system which would be divested
of those harsh and oppressive features
so much In conflict with American stand
ards. It was impossible, for lack of time,
to supply an entirely new system, so
some changes, regarded as indispensable,
were made byn general order. It appears
that the operations oi the law; as thus
qualified have been satisfactory in secur
ing to defendants in criminal cases the
fundamental rights of Anglo-Saxon crim
inal law. The writ of habeas corpus has
been invoked, and' under its speedy opera
tion nearly one hundred prisoners, the
heritage of Spanish regime, have been lib
erated from unwarranted detention.
The report says a stable currency haa
not been used in the Philippines and Mex
ican dollars were for a few days evenly
exchanged. This was terminated by a
provisional order by the Government by
which It was arranged to reimburse tne
banks for any losses they might sustain
through paying out Mexican silver for
United States currency from disbursing
officers and trade. Doubt Is expressed,
however, as to the desirability of contin
uing this arrangement. The customs ser
vice is discussed at some length in tha
report, and It is stated that there does
not seem to be any present necessity for
any increase in the number of ports of
entry. Attention is directed to the marked
increase in the customs receipts under
American management. This is explained
in part by the fact that formerly a large
part of the imports came from Spain and
paid no duties. Also, the American sys
tem of collection is said to tend to honest
collections. The new tariff adopted for
the islands is set out in detail. In almost
every case specific duties are fixed, fol
lowing the established system in the isl
ands, which It was believed to be danger
ous to change to the ad valorem system.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— The War De
partment has made public a series of re
ports made to General MacArthur by' tho
subordinate officers constituting the heads
of the various bureaus and departments
which have attended the civil affairs in
the Philippines for the past year. They
are closely summarized but sufficiently
lengthy to cover the situation.
Civil Affairs Are Gradually
Being Put Into Good
Shape. "
CONDITIONS IN
THE PHILIPPINES
MUNCIE. Ind., Dec. 23.— The strike of
the snappers in the trust window glass
plants In Muncie, which threatened to
close all the Western plants, was called
off to-night. The workmen met and de
cided not to return to work unless they
received the same pay as before. The
management then offered terms, which
were accepted by the men.
Strike Declared Off.
President Rigg said he wanted to be
fair with the men, but their demands
were too sweeping and the company could
not afford to grant them. As a compro
mise President Rigg offered the men 16
cents an hour, but no reduction in the
hours of labor. The conductors and mo
tormen refused to accept this offer, and
gave the company until Thursday to de
cide the matter. After the conference
President RIgg declined to talk, but it is
understood he will not grant the demands,
and a strike is likely to follow.
Wilkesbarre and Wyoming Valley
WILKESBARRE. Pa.. Dec. 23.— The em
ployes of the Wilkesbarre and Wyoming
Volley Electric Railway Company and the
officials of the company met in confer
rence to-day to talk over certain griev
ances which the men submitted to the
company on Saturday. The employes de
manded shorter hours and 20 cents an
hour for every hour worked.
Company Threatened With Strike.
ASK FOB HIGHER WAGES.
President Clark arrived to-night and
stated the road would be operated with
new men If the old men cannot be se
cured.
The men demand twenty cents an hour
for old employes and from fifteen to sev
enteen and a half for new men. They
also demand a ten-hour day. The com
pany, in Its answer to the grievance com
mittee, says it is not in a position to af
ford any increase in wages at the present
time.
The strikers met to-night and appointed
committees to man the different railroad
stations. They are to watch for men who
it is reported have been recruited in Phil
adelphia to take their places. They will
also distribute cards to strangers, notify
ing them of the stride and asking them
not to ride on the cars. An appeal to the
local public was also issued asking that
the cars be not patronized.
The tied-up region extends from Pitts
ton Jo Forest City, a distance of thirty
miles, and includes sixty-nye miles of
track, on which are run ordinarily eighty
cars. The men of the Wyoming Valley
Traction Company, operating all the
lines south of Pittston as far as Nanti
coke, threaten to go on a strike Thurs
day. With both companies tied up there
would be a total cessation of street-car
traffic in a busy stretch of country eighty
miles north. Including the four big cities
of Scranton. "Wilkesbarre, Pittfton anu
Carbondale.
CHICAGO. Dec. 23. — "You can never
solve the social problem by strikes; that
is my opfnion after twenty years* experi
ence in the movement," said Peter Cur
ran, chairman of the General Federation
of Trades Unions of Great Britain, in
Fpraking to the workinrmon of Chicago
to-day, at a meeting; hold under the aus
pices of the Building Trades' Council.
Sir. Ourrah cerac to this country as the
fraternal delegate from the British
Trades' Union Congress to the American
Federation of Labor convention and rep
resents about 2.<«hi.OO0 organized workers
in the United Kingdom. He is president
and organizer of the Gas Workers' and
General laborers' Union, with general
office? in London. Mr. Curran said:
'After spending more money In England
during the Ia5t twenty-five years on the
industrial battlefield than would keep 700
men legislating for our Interests In the
houses of Parliament, we have come to
the conclusion that we must have some
thing to say about the making of the laws
under which we have to work, and we
muft get away from the old orthodox
political parties if we hope to secure what
we seek.
"The only possibility of our securing
labor legislation is by sending our own
men to Parliament, not as our masters,
but as our servants. You never can solve
the social problem by strikes, never rem
edy the social evils of which you com
plain by muscular force. You must do it
through legislation. I am not In favor of
8ny laws which would take away the
rirht of the worker to strike, but I am
Dot an advocate of strikes.
"There is only one solution and that is
in common ownership, for as long as we
allow the land and the machinery of the
country to be heid as private monopolies
by the few, bo long will we have indus
trial disputes and upheavals."
BUT TWO CARS OPERATED
Employes of the Scranton Line Tie
Up the Road.
SCRANTON. Pa., Dec. 23.— Every one
sf the three hundred car and barn em
ployes of the Scranton Railway Company
>beye<i the etrike order, which went into
effect at 5 o'clock this morning, and as a
consequence only two cars were run in all
M the Lackawanna Valley to-day. The:io
two were manned by Superintendent Pat
:erson and dispatchers, foremen and
derks. No attempt was made to molest
them, and although rain fell a great part
3f the day, the two cars seldom had a
oapsentrer.
Chairman of th* General Federation
of Trades Unions of Great Brit- j
tun Gives Results of His '
"You Can Never Solve the
Social Problem by
Strikes/' Says He. . j
CURRAN'S ADVICE
TO WORKINGMEN
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1900.
TAKING THE TESTIMONY IN THE BOOZ INQUIRY.
SCENE IN THE PASTOR'S STUDY OF THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH'AT BRISTOL. "WHERE ARMY OFFICERS ARE CONDUCTING THE INQUIRY
INTO THE HAZING OF CADET BOOZ AT WEST POINT. XV. H. BOOZ, FATHER OF THE YOUNG MAN, WAS THE FIRST WITNESS CALLED AND
AMONG OTHER WITNESSES WERE THE DEAD CADET'S MOTHER AND SISTER.
2
EXPEJTDITT7RES. \
Xet amount paid for flre losses (in-
cluding $331,276 23. losses of ere-
vlous years) .lL.»i274 1S» (S3
Dividends to stockholders 250 150 OJ
Paid or allowed for commission or '
brokerage 8tS.O43 60
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for ofneers, clerka. etc..;. x» 881 $5
Paid for State, rational and local
J*«* ltt.«73M
All other payments and expenditures 247. 55S 70
Total expenditures J4.017.449 33
Losses Incurred during the year, "
nr« t3.247.K2 71
Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks. Premiums.
Nat amount of - risks
written during the
year |313,214.40O |4, 109,179 57
Net amount of risks I
expired during the!
year I 472.835.202 4. 083. M9 73
, Net amount la force!
December tt. 1S39....I E3.124.137 7.K3.3CT r>
F. C. MOORE. President.
' E. LANNINO, Secretary.
- Subscribed and *worn to before tn^. this 24th
day of January." 1900. EDWARD HAIOTIT.!
Notary Public
INCOME. — "
Net cash actually received for flre
¦premiums ; e.rs.ars s.i
Received lor interest on bonds and
mortgages --
Received for Interest and dividend*
. on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources ¦!, ™, ,,
Received for rents 15l«4 4
Total Income J4.2S1 1SS 73
Casn In banks 489.347 21
Interest dua and accrued on all ' '
stocks and loans 61 319 n
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 1.344 C7
Premiums In due course of collec-
tlon , SS4.B39 12
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 1CS «ns m
Rents due and accrued l!»S 42
Total assets O.SCJ.seo iz
LIABILITIES. ====
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense 1390,233 87
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 34.179 00
Gross premiums on fire risks running
one year or less, $2,344,837 52; re-
insurance 50 per cent 1.171S4J 73
Gross premiums on fire risks running ~*
more than on« year. $3,2SS.«Ti> 77;
reinsurance pro rata 2,795.987 %i
Reserved for contingencies 300 000 00
All other demands against the com-
P* Q y ' m.aa 13
Total liabilities $4.774.«S5 73
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up la
CMh tLOOOLOOO 00
ASSETS. =====
Peal Estate owned by company.... H.K*. 250 eo
Loans on bonds and mortjaies... 71,710 aa
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 7 400 75000
Cash in company's office /7m ««
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the Slst <!ar of December. A. D .
1899. and for tho year ending on that day. aa
mada to th« Insurance Commissioner of th»
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 810 and eil of the Political Code
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CONTINENTAL
—OF THE—
&T/\TE7V\EIN-T
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
DR.MEYERS&CO.
. Specialist*. Disease
and weakness of
men. Established
IS8L Consultation
and private book
tree, at office or by
mail. Cures guar-
anteed. 731 Mar-
ket street (elevator
entrance). Ban
Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ClFERHLggl
valise* checked free.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Tear
421 California Street.
D. W. GRAVES. State Agent.
J. R. WILBUR. Nn-veyop.
Mills Building. San Francisco. Cat.
J. D. MAXWELL CO., General Agt.
Chicago. III.
GEORGE E. KLINE, General Mgr.
B. KATSC1INSKI,
PHILADELPHIA N SHOE CO.
10 Third $L, San Fnncisco. 1
LAST DlY MUST
CLEAR THEM OUT
Mr. Katschinskl announces that he
will sell cheaper than ever, and that
he <loe^ not Intend to c&i r v any o? his
Christmas goods over. Come to him
for bargains. Tour last chance on the
last day. Infants', Children'* and
Misses 1 BLACK QUILTED 9ATIN*.
Fl'R-TRIMMED JXLIETS with sprtn*
heels, all sizes from No. « Infants' to
No. 2 Misses'. Reduced to 55c.
INDIES' PEARL ORAT OR
BROWN FRENCH BEAVER JU-
LIETS, fur trimmed and fleece lined.
Reduced to 05c.
i MEN'S BLACK OR TAN KID
> EVERETT SLIPPERS. Reduced to
' $1.2O.
1 LITTLE GENTS* CALF - LINTTD
I BOX CALF LACE SHOES, double F
1 soles and spring heels, sizes 9 to 13Li k
I Reduced to 91.15. )
I ALL OTHER HOLIDAT GIFTS SOLD ;
j CHEAPER THAN EVER. J
! PHILADELP«iUHOE GO.
\ 10 THIRD ST. San Francisco.
1 OPEN TO-NIGHT! I
H. 0TT1R * lst be i° w a
%j v/Uil cannot fall to I
j| l)a of service to you. M
fl 1 he articles men. ioned 11
2l are most appropriate 11
% and will b3 thoroughly 11
QjL appreciated by the re- ||
§?T Mnsic Bozea. ......$ .60 119 ||
jffl Mandolins 8.00 up 13
SBSc Gnitsrs .......... 4.00 op M
W Banjos 8.75 np H
•jij Zithers ........... 3.50 up £J
tgv Vltaphones ....*.'.*. 15.00 np w
gS5 Vlo'.ins 2.00 up fj
Bgk Violin Cases 1.25 up 53
SV Masle Rolls .60 up »
!*r Cornets .......... 8.00 up If
ft? Drams go C p H
tM Or ererythlcg known in music fa
t¥J A visit to our store will surely Kfl
Jm aid you in making selections. Bn
y OPEN TO-NIGHT! 11
1 KNABE II
I PIANOS 1
fgl Art beat. We are tola tfeata ¦
I Kohler & Chase u
||, 26-30 O'Farrell St. _J
AD VEBTeSMJiN T8.GENOA, Dec. 23.— The strike that vu caused
bjr.the closing 'by, the Prefect of Police of the
Bureau • of Labor, Unions came to an end to
day x on ; the announcement 1 that £ the | Govern
ment ; had consented to a reconstruction of . the
bureau/aBBWMAHBHflftnBMninBlHnEH
LATE ; SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
MEMORANDUM,
ARRIVED.
Sunday. December 23.
. Stmr AlameJa. 24 days from Sydney, vltt
Auckland 19 dayu. via Honolulu 5 days 21 hour?
and 20 mlnutea.
Stmr Senator. Patterson, 71 hours from Vic
toria. - •
Stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, 5 days from Comox.
Barge .Washoural. ,15 days from Astoria;
towed In ' by tue ; Samson. -:
Schr Mary.C. : S hours from Bodega.
MEMORANDUM.
Per ' barge : Washougal— Started with . 1.200.C00
feet "lumber on Dec 15. - In SE gale barse be
came unmanageable and leaking. Threw over
board 300.COO feet lumber.
DOMESTIC PORT.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Dec 22-Stmr Grace
Dollar, for. Coronado.V . -
.. Arrived Dec 23— Schr C A Thayer. . f rom Guay
mas; schr San Buenaventura, from San Pedro:
schr Orient, . from Redondo. for Wlllapa.
OCEAN STEAMERS
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 25-Stmr Stavenger.
' QUEENSTOWN— Sailed J Dec -23— Stmr Etru
rla. from Liverpool, for New ' York.
BERLIN, D«0. C—Th« population of Ber
lin. Including the suburbs, la 2.469,476, as com
pared with 2.076.94* In 1885. -
VANCOUVER. B/C. Dee. 23.— The ship
ment of or© from , Rossland - for the year
aggregated 220,000 tons." This quantity was
practically shipped by three mines, the
Le Roi output being 160,000 tons, the Cen
ter Star shipping 40,000 tons and the War
Eagle 10,000 tons.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 23.— The body of
an unknown man was found floating In
the river about four miles below, the city
to-day. The body, which was that of a
man 40 or 45 years old, was dressed in
overalls. Jumper and heavy boots. Noth
ing was found likely to lead to the Identi
ty of the remains.
Output of Northern Mines.
Unknown Man Drowned.
R. H. E.
San Diego 0 0 2 2 2 0 10 •— 7 11 ?
Levya 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—2 4 4
Batteries — Taylor and Works ; Iburg and
Peters. Umpire— Sylvester.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 23.-The game this
afternoon between San Diego and the
Levys of Los Angeles was short, snappy
and well played, errors being few. San
Diego won by 7 to 2. Score by innings:
- - R. H. E.
San Bernardino.. 1 0000200000 1 — 4 12 1
Mater fr Zobeleln.O 0000 12 0000 0—3 10 3
Batteries — Jones and Manserina; Salisbury
and Adams. - Umpire— Barley.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 23.— In the fastest
game of ball played here this season, re
quiring twelve innings for a decision, the
J3an Bernardino team this afternoon de
feated the Maier & Zobeleins of this city
by ft score of 4 to 3. Score by innings:
ern Cities.
Good Games of Ball Played in South-
SAN BERNARDINO TEAM WINS
John Hiley Chamberlain.
CINCINNATI,, Dec. 23.— John Rlley
Chamberlain; a veteran of the Civil War
and a graduate of Miami University at
Oxford, Ohio, died here to-night, aged 72
years. He had been afflicted since Novem
ber with bronchitis and -pneumonia. ; He
had been engaged In correspondence work
In Cincinnati for thirty-five years, most of
that time. with the Associated Press. . His
only brother," Major W. H. Chamberlain
Is still with : the ' Associated Press in • this
city. Mr. Chamberlain was the father of
Paul Chamberlain., a member of me staff
of the Denver Republican.
Lieutenant Parker
HARTFORD.. Conn., Dec. 23.—Lieuten
ant Felton Parker, manager of the patent
department of the American Bicycle Com
pany, is' dead at the home of his mother
in • South Lancaster, Mass/.*.- aged 43 years;
He graduated from Annapolis In 1882. He
accompanied the first Greely relief expe
dition in ¦ the " Yantic and later conducted
a ranch In Colorado. ..
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Oscar Roberts Wins Over Joe Bassstt
in an Interesting and Exciting
Contest!
PHOENIX. Ariz., Dec. 23.-Two thou
sand people witnessed the most exciting
steer-tyinsr contest ever seen in tne Ter
ritory to-day, when Oscar Roberts and
Joe Bassett competed for a purse worth
nearly $1000 and the championship of
Arizona. Roberts won, roping, throwlne
and tying his five steers in 6:14U. Ud to
the fifth steer, Bassett had the contest
well in hand, breaking all Arizona rec
ords until that time. His last steer, how
ever, was a fierce one and repeatedly
arose : after being thrown down an 3
charged horse and rider several times be
fore finally being tied in 3:14%. Bassett'-'
total time was 7:23%, and his fastest time
for one steer was 43Vi seconds.
¦ ? ¦ •
Strike Declared Off.
LOS AlsGELES, Dec. 23.— At a meeting
of local union No. 61, International Broth
erhood of Electric Workers, the linemen's
strike, which has been in progress hetc
for some time past was officially decla'-eu
Off.
STEER-TYING FOR THE
ARIZONA CHAMPIONSHIP
BODIES IDENTIFIED IN
. SANTA CLABA COUNTY
Charles B. Willis the Man Drowned
and Louis Machen Was Killed
by a Train.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 23.— The body of the
man found floating in Coyote Creek yes
terday morning proved to be that of
Charles B. Willis, who for the past two
years has been a resident of this city.
He was a native of New York and aged
31 years. Just how he happened to be in
that locality at night and fall over the
creek bank is a mystery. His mother
testified at the inquest to-day that he was
afflicted with nervous prostration, and
had come to California for his health.
While thus suffering, it is supposed he
was unable to sleep and wandered about.
There were no bruises on the body, and
in his pockets were a gold watch and
$16.50 in coin. He must have been stunned
in falling, as he was drowned in about
four feet of water. At the inquest to-day
a verdict of accidental death was re
turned.
Louis Machen is the name of the man
who was decapitated and mangled by a
freight train at Los Gatos last evening.
He was a laborer and had resided In that
locality about twenty years. It is sup
posed he had been drinking and started
home along the track, and failed to hear
the train as it approached him. The head
and legs were revered from the trunk and
the body mangled almost beyond recogni
tion. Machen was a nfttive of France and
u€ years of age. A Coroner's Jury re
turned a verdict of accidental death.
STOLEN MAIL POUCH
RECOVERED IN HELENA
Rifled of Its Contents, Which "Were
Christmas Gifts Being Sent
East.
COITBTSHIP BY MAIL
ENDS TN MARRIAGE
HELENA, Mont.. Dec. 23.— The mail
pouch, due to leave Helena for Chicago
and the East Saturday morning, and
which was stolon between the Postofflce
and the Great Northern depot, was found
to-day in a prospect hole In town.
The sack had been split open and several
packages rifled, the boxes being scattered
around where the sack was found. Post
office officials refuse all information as
to the contents of the sack. However, it
Is known that the pouch was an extreme
ly valuable one, containing as It did the
principal portion of the Christmas re
membrances sent East from here, being
due in Chicago Monday morning. The
pouch was loaded on the mail wagon
at midnight Friday night.
Judge Powell of Castle Eock Weds
Baltimore.
Miss Caroline Kohler at
TACOMA, Dec. 23.-Judge Benjamin W.
Powell of Castle Rock was married at
Baltimore last week to Miss Caroline
Kohler of Bavaria. Germany, whom he
had never seen until she stepped off an
Atlantic steamer a few days previously.
Judge Powell heard of Miss Kohler
through Dr. Russell, a mutual friend, by
whom correspondence and an exchange of
pictures between them was arranged.
Judge Powell is over 50 years old and
his bride about 25. They left Baltimore
for an extended wedding tour through
the South, following which they will come
to Castle Rock to live.
Body Found in the Bay.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec 23.— The body of
Larry Walsh was found in Sausallto bay,
near the railroad shops here, to-day. Ho
was 57 years of age and had been a resi
dent of San Rafael for more than twenty
years. How he met his death Is not
known, but It is believed that he fell on
a rock, as there is a large wound on the
head. John Walsh, who keeps a saloon
here, Is a brother of the dead man.
Slater Knocked Out.
REDDING, Dec 23.— Joe Reay of. the
Olympics knocked out Harry Slater ' of
Los Angeles in the sixth round here last
night. Slater was outclassed.
For some time past it has been the
habit of the conductor on the last car of
the Hayes-street line each nipht to re
quest his passengers to get off the car at
the carhouse and walk on to their homes,
so that the car might be run into the car
house just so much earlier. The car
house is about six blocks from the end
of the road on Stanyan street. For a
block beyond it there is a hill, and then
the track falls again to the terminus. It
is the practice of the car's crew to run
the car to the top of this hill, request the
passengers to alight and walk home and
then run the car back the block to the
carhouse. Sometimes, however, the pas
sengers have objected, and then the car
has been run on out to the turntable.
Saturday night the last car, in charge
of Conductor F. Dunham, had for a pas
senger Michael Eiberger, ¦who lives on
North Willard street, out beyond the end
of the Hayes-street line. He says that as
the car approached the carhouse the con
ductor put» out the'lights and then told
him he would have to get off at Ashbury
street, the top of the hill beyond the car
houfe, aa the car would go no further.
Eiberger has often walked to the end of
the road from the car house to oblige con
ductors, but he says he did not like the
way in which he was told to get oft the
car, and when it reached Ashbury street
he refused to get off. The car then went
on to the end of the road, and when he
pot off there he and the conductor had
Fome words. Then he started for home,
and had gone but a short distance, he al
leges, when Dunham came after him,
Ptruck him several times In the face and
then ran back.to the car, and it started
back to the carhouse. ¦¦
| Eiberger, says there is much comolalnt
at the way the last car on the Hayes
street line is run. He says he has been
offered his nickel back if he would walk
to the end of the road and allow the car
to run Into the house from the outward
trip.v He'says It is the custom on both
the Hayes and the McAllister street
lines for the last car to run into the*
house on the outward trip when there
are no passengers on it. On the McAl
lister, he says,, they always take-out the
last passengers without question, but on
the Hayes they invite them to get off and
walk the distance to the end of the road,
¦while the car's crew makes ten minutes
time on the company and the public.
Arion Y?ar Exception. ,
New_
The Verein Arion,-the German stnslng
society of this city, hold a Xew Year
reception in its quarters at 421 Post street
on the afternoon of January 1. The as
sociation has made arrangements to en
tertain its members and guests, as the
circular to members says, "as pleasantly
and as long ;as possible." The singers
and literary members of. the Arion will
contribute to the entertainment.
REFUSE TO RTTN" LAST
CAR TO END OF LINE
How Hayes-Street Conductors Moke
Time Out of Company and
Public:
SEATTLE, Dec. 23. — The steamers Cot
tage City and Victorian arrived to-day
from the north. The Klondike passengers
report the death from heart failure of
Pete McDonald, one of the most success
ful miners of the camp.
No word had been received at Juneau
up to December 19 of the United States
mall steamer Tillamook.
. The Cottage City brought $75,000 worth
of Treadwell bullion.
Arrive at Seattle.
Steamers Cottage City and Victorian
TACOMA, "Wash., Dec. 23. — Captain
Bledsoe, a popular Yukon River pilot,
was scheduled to marry Pearl Lloyd at a
variety theater in Dawson on the evenlnir
of December 15. A Dawson telegram o"
December 14, received to-day via Skag
uay. states that great preparations were
then being made for a grand theatrical
wedding, to which the elite of Dawson
were invited. Miss Lloyd went to Dawson
from Skaguay several months ago and
has been one of the most successful slnq
ers ever heard there. An'additional tinge"
of romance is given to the affair by tha
announcement in the telegram referred to
that according to reports in Dawson a
young woman Is en route from San Fran
cisco to Dawson via Skaguay to many
Captain Bledsoe. She Is said to be a
stenographer, but her name Is not given.
Charles E. Nicholson of Marshfleld. Or.,
went to Juneau two weeks ago to marry
Miss Bessie Colllson. a sist«r cf Miss
Collison. principal of the Juneau schools.
"When Nicholson reached Juneau he
learned to his dismay that the Bteamor
Dolphin had lost or left behind his trunk.
The ceremony was postponed and letter.?
were sent back in an effort to loeats it.
In the meantime Nicholson was taken
seriously ill with tonsilitis and was sick
In bed when his trunk finally arrived.
The wedding will occur as soon as he
recovers. ¦
BRING GOLD FROM THU NORTH
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Story of Popular Yukon River Pilot's
Engagement to a Pearl Lloyd
Comes From the Klondike
Diggings.
BLEDSOE'S FIANCEE'S
ARRIVAL IN DAWSON
MAY BE UNWELCOME
THE body of an unknown
man was found hanging from the
limb of a tree in Golden Gate
Park yesterday afternoon by
Owen and William Kuhnert, two
boys who were strolling about the big
pleasure ground. The boys told Police
man Llvlnstone of their discovery and
through him the Coroner's office was no
tified.
The man had evidently committed sui
cide. Noosed around his neck were four
ropes, the other ends of which were
wrapped around a heavy limb of the tree.
A short piece of cotton rope formed Into
two slipknots bound the hands of the dead
man &ecurely»behlnd his back.
From the position of the body the most
likely theory is that the man was deter
mined to die, and after having adjusted
the ropes about his neck, fearing that he
might change his mind and attempt to
save himself, had climbed to the limb, put
COVELO, Dec. 23.— Information received
here from Caspar, a cea coast town and
port thirty-five miles away, gives the par
ticulars of a valuable flnd of ambergris
afloat, discovered by a lumber steumer cm
her return from Ska^uay. Alaska. Th»
name of the vessel is not given.
A small lump of 'Jirty. gray, greasy
stuff was picked up by the crew about
six week ago after discharging a cargo
of lumber at an Alaskan port. The lump
weighed about seventy-five pounds and
when taken on board and examined was
found to be pure ambergris, more valu
able than gold, and worth $27,275, which is
Its value at the market price in New
York or San Francisco— $400 per pound
Ambergris Is supposed to be a substance
formed by, a disease of the stomach or
the gall ducts of the .sperm whale. It i
ejected by the dtnlmal and floats upon the
water or Is cast updn the shore and buried
In the sand. It is used to fix valuable
perfumes or to make them last forever
and for that reason at well as for it3
rarity and the difficulty of encountering
ts price ordinarily ranges from $370 to
$400 a pound. Gold is worth about ?16 an
ounce and $256 a pound avoirdupois.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Weighs About Seventy-Five Pounds
and Is Worth Thousands of Eol
lars, Being More Valuable
Than Gold.
CREW OF LUMBER
STEAMER PICK UP
LUMP OF AMBERGRIS
Detective George McMahon and Tom
Gibson were detailed on the case. After
a short investigation they decided that
there was no evidence of foul play and
that It was a case of suicide.
The body was found a short distance
from the railroad track in a clump of tall
pines and close to the foot of Strawberry
Hill. From the condition of the body it is
evident that the man had been dead at
least three days.
The dead man was about 50 years of
age, of light complexion and wore a full
beard. The condition of his hands showed
that he was a laborer. His clothing was
of a cheap quality, and he wore a pair
of overalls over his trousers. The man
was a cripple, his right foot being much
shorter than the other. Nothing was
found in his clothing which would lead to
his identity.
his hands through the slipknots and after
stretching his arms to more securely
tighten his bonds jumped from the tree
and strangled to death.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. K.— The friends of
C. J. "Walden. a bookkeeper in the jute
mill at San Quentin, are much exercised,
over the rid?culous story of his alleged
mysterious disappearance. The duties
performed by Mr. Walden at the prison
did not permit any money to pass through
his hands and thus no suspicion of wrong
doing attaches to his absence of the last
few days. They claim that he took a trip
to Nevada, where he had some mining In
terests, and that the probabilities are that
he has been snowed In by the heavy
storms that have prevailed In the high;
mountains there.
Waldon's Friends Confident.
A New York furrier has contracted to
handle all skins from the hare farm. The
feet of the younger rabbits are in deman-1
for watch chains and ornaments and UA
ears are strung unon ribbon and used
for picture frames. The bones and other
parts of the refuse will be shipped to
California for. fertilizing purposes.
The company expects eventually to con
trol the market for fire pressed meats by
substituting for pressed chicken, ham and
beef the finer and, cheaper product of its
cannery.
It is intended to buy up as many hares
as it is possible to obtain for the stock
ing of the ranch. There will be room for
250.0CO and It Is proposed to enlarge the
ranch as rapidly as is necessary to ac
commodate the growth of the herd. The
entire ranch will be fenced with fine wire
to protect the stock from the coyotes and
mountain lions end lo prevent crossing
of the breed with the jackrabbit. Thomas
McGuire. who has had much experience
In California in handling hares, will man
age the ranch and will have the assist
ance of a score of expert handlers of the
hare. The canning factory will be erect
ed in the spring and machinery Is now
being purchased in Chicago. A very large
plant will be built, sufficient to dispose*
of 2000 or more hares per dav. The meat
of the hare is of very fine flavor, being
white in color, resembling the breast
of the chicken. The factory will put the
meat up in various styles and will make
a specialty of preparing It In pressed and
deviled forms, with the intention of sub
stituting It for the expensive preparation
of chicken. Every portion of the hare will
be utilized and not the least Important
part of the business will be the use of the
skins. Belgian hare fur Is of a rich, soft
brown and much in demand for Imitation
of Arctic furs. The suinnier furs are not
valuable, the hair being not firmly root
ed, but the winter akins are as fine as
could be dpsired.
In California alone there are a million
hares and fruit growers are apprehensive
over the damage. to their orchards when
the owners of the rabbitries become flnally
convinced that the hare business is over
done and. Is a flat failure and turn thdr
rabbits loose to live as best they may.
Indeed, so much fear is felt in the frmt
districts that a bill has been prepared
for the next Legislature providing for the
enactment of a law making it a criminal
offense to turn a Belgian hare free.
Foreseeing the fall of the hare business
a company of Arizona and California cap
italists Is being formed to 'take up the
business where the small raisers left off
find for the establishement of a freat hare
farm and a canning factory. The South
western Canning Company will be the
title of the corporation, to be capitalized
at $150,000. A tract of land of 64» acres
will be leased In the Buckeye country, in
the lower and most fertile portion of Ari
zona. Half of the land will be planted In
alfalfa and barley to provide feed for th«
hares and the other half will be used as
pasture for the great nerd to be quartered
on the ranch. >
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Dec. 23.— Like wild
fire the Belgian hare craze swept over the
country and died out just aa quickly. It
Is estimated that within a year $2,000,003
has been spent on the Belgian hare an-I
that there are; 8,000,000 of the little ani
mals in the United States* while the re
markable fecundity of the hare will
triple that number in the year, despite the
enormous quantity to be U3ed on the
table.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Every Portion, of the Body of the Ani
xnal Will Be Used, as the Fur,
Bonss and Feet Are in
: 4 . • . Demand.
A SUBSTITUTE FOR CHICKEN
Farm and Cannery to Be
Established in Ari-
WILL UTILIZE
LARGE STOCK OF
BELGIAN HARES
By finding in the ruins of Central and
South American cities evidences that
they were built by descendants of Levi.
the Mormons hope to give to the world
a proof that the Book of Mormon is what
the Latter Day Saints clUm it to be— a
true history of the first people who in
habited this hemisphere.
According to Mormon traditions. Levi
and Ishmael, accompanied by their fami
lies, left Jerusalem about 600 B. C. built
boats and sailed toward this continent,
landing where Chile now Is. Levi had
two sons, Nephl and Laman— Nephl
obedient and Laman troublesome. The
party grew and two factions set
tled around the two sons as lead
ers. Finally the race numbered many
thousand, and built many cities in what
is now New Mexico, Arizona, Mexico and
Central and South America. The two
factions warred war for several centuries,
and about 400 A. D.. the Nephltes were ex
terminated by the Lamanltes, from whom
the American Indians have descended.
Maroni. the last of the Nephltes, buried
the records of his people, on a brass plate,
in the hill. "Cumorah," in New York
State, and an angel revealed these plates
to Joseph Smith, who founded the Book
of Mormon from the records.
In one large chamber, isolated from the
others, they found a great stone casket
in which were the bones of what had been
a very large man, and In the stone were
engraved figures to show that tje de
ceased was a ruler among his people. A
large pile of tablets, probably records of
his reign, were at the rear of the casket,
and many of them will be sent North' for
examination by expert antiquarians. The
party will continue its expedition south
ward.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Dec. 23— Letters re
ceived in this city to-day tell of important
antiquarian dlscoveres made in Southern
Mexico and Central America, by a party
of Mormon explorers. Three months ago
the party began a three years' trip down
Into South America, for the purpose of
searching for traces of the last survivors
of the Nephltes, believed by the Mormons
to have been the first people in this coun
try. Benjamin Cluff. president of the
Brigham Young Academy in Provo, Utah,
is in charge of the expedition, and has
twenty-four students under his charge.
In a letter to a friend here. Professor
Cluff states that many prehistoric ruins
have been examined by the party and
evidences unearthed which tend plainly
to uphold the Mormon traditions. At one
place, in the southern part of the State
Oi Durango. they found the remains of
what appeared to have once been a city
of very large size, and in the largest ruin
dug out a stone casket In which were
found hieroglyphics which correspond
with those in the brass tablets said to
have been found in Xew York, and which
were translated into the Book of Mormon.
Further excavations revealed a burial
p.ace. where a large number of human
bones were found, some of the skeletons
in an excellent state of preservation.
Stone tablets were foun<". and marked in
such a manner and with such figures as
are found on the Painted Recks in Ari
zona.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Now Claimed That the Traditions
in the Book of Mormon
Have Been Fully
Proven.
ANCIENT BURIAL PLACE FOUND
Alleged to Be Relics ol
Tribes oi Isbmael
and Levl
STONE TABLETS
UNEARTHED BY
MORMON PARTY
• VICTORIA. Dec. 23.— The steamer Cot
tage City, which arrived last night from
Alaska, reports that when she left Ju
neau on December 20 the steam schooner
TUlamook. a vessel of about 500 or OM
tons, was over two weeks overdue on her
mail voyagre to Unalaska and way ports.
Much anxiety was expressed for her at
Juneau. Captain Wallace reports that
wreckers have gone to salve the Topeka
and he believes should there be no south
east storms they will be successful.
TACOMA, Dec. 23.-Details are cominjr
in of shipping disasters on the North Pa
cific coast during the recent storms. The
American bark Highland Light. Captain
McClure. was wrecked three days ago
on the shore of Barclays Sound, Vancou
ver Island. Heavy gales dismasted her.
SEATTLE, Dec. 23.— The steamer
Charles D. Lane was towed Into Seattle
harbor last night in a disabled condition.
She was picked up at Cape Flattery,
where she lay anchored in a dangerous
position with her fires all drowned out.
She had encountered heavy weather and
had taken a great deal of water, which
compelled her to. tucn back after a 24
hour run, but her stea!h failed before jjhe
could reach safe anchorage inside and she
was forced to drop her anchors while still
outside. All on board were well. She was
lumber laden for Quayaquil. The deck
load was jettisoned.
EMPIRE CITY. Or.. Dec. 23.— Tha
schooner Gem, which arrived her© from
San Francisco this evening after a hard
struggle with the wind and waves, re
ports seeing a vessel bottom up about
eighty miles west of Cape Arago. The
vessel was painted white and had a clean
bottom. The schooner Ivy. which has ar
rived here, reports seeing considerable
lumber afloat on tho 21st, but did not
sight the schooner bottom up.
Stories of Marine Disasters Brought in by
the Gem and Other Craft.
tore away her bulwarks and carried away
her lifeboats. In this condition she dritt
ed ashore. Her crew escaped. The storm
played great havoc at Astoria, where thj
French bark General Millinet was strand
ed on a sandy shore. The steamer Oswe
go was swamped at her moorings and lies
In ten feet of water.
The bark Muskoka dragged anchor and
struck the shore stern on. The Govern
ment lightship at McKenzle Head w.ia
driven hieh on the beach. The steamer
Charles r>. Lane was driven into Puget
Sound by a terrible storm, which, threat
ened several times to bend her to the bot
tom. When rescued her furrace flrei
were flooded, her steering apparatus gone
and she was lying helplessly within n
mile of the rocks just outside Cape Flat
tery. The Lane sailed Tuesday with a
cargo of lumber for Guayaquil.
Wednesday a terrific storm was encoun
tered and that evening the »«•*» brok<»
through the saloon and extinguished th*
lights. Chief Engineer Knox and his men
were kept twenty-nine hours up to their
waists to keep the pump going. The Lana
sent up distress signals and was finally
rescued by tugs.
SIGHTS UNKNOWN VESSEL
FLOATING BOTTOM UP
CHICO. Dpc. 23.— Thf arrest of Attorney
Charles Stillson and R. JDiller, which oc
curred last nfght, has caused a degree
cf excitement here which has only Tr^en
equalled in Chico upon one occasion.
That was when Dr. J. E. Rouley and John
M. Garner were placed under arrest on
charges of forging the famous Fuller wilL
Stillson had been the attorney for one
James Cain, who was some years ago
appointed gruardian of an insane person
named B. D. Finn^san." After Finne
gan's death Cain was appointed adminis
trator of the estate. Stiilson continuing
to act as his attorney.
When Cain rendered his account to the
court it was found that there was a short
age of some {1'jOO, and very shortly after
the discovery was made that nearly all
the papers in the estate were reported by
Stillson u> have been stolen from his of-
Tice, and the papers have not been seen
since that time. Stillson explained that
he had taken the paper? from his safe
and laid them on his table, intending to
ro over them, but was called out, and
¦when he returned the papers were gone.
None of SUllman's friends had sus
pected, however, that he was telling
aught but the truth, but during the past
week the grand jury ha« been making an
Investigation, with the result that he was
indicted on a charge of concealing public
document*.
Stillson is one of the oldest residents
of Chico. For several years he con
ducted the largest hardware store in the
city, but was later elected County Clerk,
which position he held for four terms. I
Retiring from politics he began the prac
tice of law in Chico and has a very large
clientele. -
Dlller 1? also an old citizen and real
estate dealer of Chico. Some months ago !
he was authorized to sell a tract of land '
north of this city, which he succeeded in
doini?. and it is charged against him that
in the deal he contrived to pain a double
fee by misrepresentation to the purchaser.
Both men declare their innocence, and
th* majority of citizens: here believe this
declaration.
Fpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Life-Long Friends of the Accused
Men Believe Their Statements
and Are Confident of
Vindication.
Arrests of Prominent Citi
zens Stir People of
uillOO.
SHADY TRANSACTIONS ALLEGED
STILLSON SAYS
HE IS INNOCENT
OF WRONGDOING
THE SAJST FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, DECEMBER 24, 19OO.
BODY OF MAN IS FOUND
H ANGING TO A PARK TREE
An Unknown Makes an End of His Life in the
; City's Pleasure Ground.
THE UNKNOWN SUICIDE WHO WAS YESTERDAY FOUND HANGING
TO A TREE IN GOLDEN GATE PARK AND A POSSIBLE CLEW
TO HIS IDENTITY.
3
ivisrr OR- -JORDAN'S orcatJ
SiiSSEUM OF ftEJATOBYf
\ Of The Lax^t- t Anatomical Mosera in tb« \
S 'ifl ' -. Wo»ld. WattBMiP or any contracted M
V fier 1255 C-*tot |>ctitl»cl7 core* hy the oldest T
S #£?££(( frpc"^* c» ***¦ Cftatf. EsL ]6 "Mr*. 43
\ J&Y^* 1 * twolurtoi fre* crid ttrirr\y P nr»t- \
A 1 y2g[IA Trt • ;nje "" peraon^'y «* by tetter. A ff
\ fl If fvt " ve C'w«»nc*e'7C»'-« undertakes. X
f r " It/*. w rite for bock, POlLOaortaYor A
ft I U I** iltBBtACZ, BAILED FK2S. JAf
L (J, valuable book for ttwn; A
< PB r 5 < * g P*J*^ o J r 1!g l H **^' 8i y l B - p - ?
••^rtTTj^k*, R nii» Oil 1 nca-pcldonoo
>i^KSfi£SIB^KL*J9 r*znec< for Gonorrhoea.
*««/, , toi<Sey»^«J Wlrfte*. uu natural dii-
*5*i/ C-xncvti Yj- ch&w . <it any iufiarama-
iftCy cot u> itrutcrf. ticin, i ntntion or ulc*r»-
f -» l-jtn- ii r — •--¦-* ti^n f mil co a* mrm-
fttV J : : rZZToT sent in plain wrapper,
jKS^ JSy& ** «pn*s. PfP*id. for
V^'JfcVrWM I'- 00 - or 3 tionk '. tf.TS.
«y*«gg»- •*j£&&' U "1 jclar eeut ca re<iuu*C
Gm m n m /fK Laflln & P.and Waterproof
B B Li R Cl" Bmokelees Powder, In bulk
a E E tfl Bn<1 loaded in shtlls. H*nd
B t IB _^k for catalogue of *portlne
1«5 B a *L3 rrKxin. GK.O. W. SIIREVK.
'* a * * ™ 733 Market Btreet. •
It A I> WAV'S ISEADY UUL1KF has stood
unrivaled before the public for SO year* as a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
caret all Colds. Sore Throats. Influenza. Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pain. Internally
tor MilirU and all Bowel Pains. All drufftrlsts.
STATEmENT
OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Hew York Plate Glass
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NXTV YORK. IN' THE STATE OF NEXT
York, on th» 31ft day of December. A. D.
3-r<?. and for the year ending- on that day. aa
r.-e6» to the Insurance Commissioner of the
5-iate of California, pursuant to the provisions
til Sections C1C and €11 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnithed by the Com-
ntasioner:
CAPITAL
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash J1O0.CCO 00
ASSETS.
I^nans on Bonds and Mortcay?» 1.500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stock* &nd
Ivmds owned by Company 344,300 00
f ash !n Company's Office 1.1S3 93
<c?h in Banks S.£78 28
J'rrraiums in due Course of Collection. 27,734 39
I'iate Glaes on hand E.1M «4
Total A*set» $330. 153 4«
LIABILITIES.
I>rrs** In process of Adjustment or In
r-ufr*" 1 "* $4,012 73
Crop* pr<rnl"m? on Rlfks running one
year or le&s. $ ; reinsurance
bti per cent 112.154 E7
Ct«!i dividend? reroaininp unpaid h."*) 00
jyje and aw rued for salaries, rent, "*
*ic 4X2 J*
X.eturn premiums Li62 75
Total Liabilities >122.9I2 Jl
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums $217. SS9 22
p.^ceived for intpr^rt and dividends on
* Brnds. Flocks, I»ans and from ail
ether sources 13.S83 IS
Besetted for profit on sale of securi-
ties 4,078 25
Total Income S225.S1S 75
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paiu for Losses JlOg.Sfc" 64
Dividends to Stockholders 10.UO0 00
Paid or allowed for Commtfsion or
Brokerage €3,156 51
Ptid for Salaries, F«^s and other
chariff-* for officers', clerks, etc 24,433 ?J
paid for State. National and Local
Taxfn €."41 RS
All oth*-r payments and expenditures.. 21.921 36
Total Expenditures $241. C20 19
MAX DATCZIGER. President.
MAJ. A. 'WHITE. Secretary-
Sulwcribed and fwora to before me this list
«ay of January. 1SO0.
F. FIfcHBECK. Notary Public.
J. D. M AX WELLCO. General Agent
T. E. JANES, Asst. General Agent,
A21 California St., San Francisco
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*
You and Santa Claus will have to buy your
| Christmas presents to-day, as to-morrow is the all- !
I important day. Buy wisely, buy sensibly, buy
: something useful. Good clothes fulfill all require-
' ments as Christmas presents. We are ready to make
I your Christmas giving a success.
For Men
I Sack suits, cutaways. Prince Alberts, full dress,
¦ tuxedos and overcoats in a great variety at all prices. I '•
Smoking Jackets, bath robes, pajamas, night j
robes, neckwear, handkerchiefs, silk suspenders,
gloves, shirts, reelers. mufflers, hosiery, underwear,
! | umbrellas, canes, valises, grips, suit cases, hats, etc.,
! in an immense assortment at a great range of prices.
! > -• For Boys
| . Middy, sailor, vestee, reefer, two-piece, three*
piece and sack suits and overcoats for boys from 3 |
j to 19 years of age, comprising an elegant line at
; prices from the lowest to the highest.
Baseball outfit free with every suit or overcoat
in this department.
Sweaters, shirts, underwear, ties, hats, caps,
I etc., at all prices for boys of all ages.
Santa Claus is on the second floor of our store
j j waiting to give some candy to all the little folks
i who call.
I ¦¦¦;.: We issue orders for gifts. \
\ Mail orders filled for anything we carry — write
I us— address 'Department C.
! 718 Market Street. ¦"Is it de troth : dat de Legislatur* Rone
en pass . a law . ter tax doss ?' ' asked the
colored citizen.
"Yes; it's a fact.
"Well, suh, dat beln* de case, heah's
one - ni«rer dat's , teetotally ruint. Dey's
seven dogs en one mule In my fambly." —
Atlanta Constitution. '"¦£mmSlkSB^XSM&
Almost- every city in the East has started what. is
called a "new century, movement," but in most cases
the .thing will' hardly^ amount to much more than a
New* Year's swear-off."
Tne latest novelty in war is a substance which is
being supplied to the British soldiers in South Africa
and is known as "solid beer." It is said to be a pre
paration of malt and hops' in the form of a jelly.
When mixed with water it can be fermented any
where, and is reported to be very. good. Experiments
have been made in our own army with concentrated
rations in the form of tablets. The ; two inventions
would .work well together. - You take an American
tablet, put some of the* British, jelly, on it, and you
have a dinner of beef and 'beer. What more could
you wish for a cent?
"Ma I bought you some candy down
town/ "That was kind. Tommy; where
Is It?" "Well, ma. I was so Ion? comln'
home on the cars that It didn't last tlU 1
got here." — Indianapolis Journal.
Joseph Weldon Bailey of Texas, once known as
"Boy Bailey" and regarded as the hope of the Demo
crats of Congress, has been out of sight and out of
mind for some time, but he is not to be wholly lost
to fame. It is said a tobacco firm has named a brand
of cigarettes after him.
Galveston has so far recovered from the effects
of the hurricane as to do a little blowing herself just
for the fun of it Thus the News of that city recently
said: "The construction of the Nicaragua canal, the
possession of the Philippines and the open door in
China will make Texas the greatest State in the
Union." All of which is excellent, but the News for
gets California.
A young woman in New York sued the keeper of
her lodging-house for a latch key. alleging that fre
quently when she returned at night she found the
door locked and the landlord would not get up to
open it for her. The Judge refused to grant the latch
key. but ordered the landlord to have the door open
until midnight. It thus appears to be New York law
that women must be home before midnight or forfeit
lhe right to admission. As theaters do not close
until 11 o'clock in these days, there is just one hour
allowed a woman in which to get her supper and
make her home run; and it will be seen the effect
of the law will be to develop in women a speed al
together undesirable.
THE amount appropriated in the pending river
and harbor bill touches the high water mark.
Sumptuous as it is, California's share is rather
limited. San Diego gets cash $50,000 and on contract*
$217,850, and San Luis Obispo cash $50,000 — a total^of
only $317,850 out of the $60,000,000 carried by the bill.
The East has been long in receipt of appropriations,
and one would suppose that the work in that section
had been accomplished, so that the expense could be
reduced to a minimum. But the contrary, appears.
Boston harbor gets $3,600,000; though it has been in
receipt of appropriations long enough, and large
enough, to have made the work permanent as the
Havre basin. Buffalo gets more than twice as much
as all California, and the sea and lake ports of New
York get eight times as much as the whole Pacific
Coast. The Ohio River, described by John Randolph
many years ago as a streak of dust half the year and
a streak of mud the other half, gets $2,350,000, and not
a dollar appears for the San Joaquin and Sacramen
to! Trinity River, Texas, gets $750,000. Naturally,
seaports and rivers upon which commerce is just im
pressing demands for transportation and facilities
should expect a greater expenditure, if needful, than
old ports long the object of Government care, and
rivers upon which there is. no. new demand.
The river and. harbor bill has always been a log
rolling affair. When Henry Clay reported it in the
House, about seventy years ago, he refused it further
indorsement than to say: ' "I take it as I took my
wife, for better or for worse," and for better or for
worse it has been ever since.
The work at San Pedro seems to be left out en
tirely, and so is that on Oakland harbor. To the lat-
THE RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
morning. January 1st. at nine o'clock, and
will leave dally thereafter at same hour. It
will be a duplicate of the Limited of last sm
¦on. except that entirely new equipment has
been provided. The Pullman Sleepers each
contain ten sections and two drawing rooms.
The Observation Car, with Its wide plats glass
windows, affords unobstructed Ylrwa of the
surrounding country. All meals en rout* ara
aerved in new Dining Cars, under tha man
agement of Mr. Fred Harvey. This vusoptaons
train runs from San Francisco to Chicago In
73 hours. Get a handsome Folder, describlr.ff
it fully, at Santa Fe Office, Ml Market »tre«t.
On the Banta F« starts for Chicago Tue*Say
The California Limited
Little Harry— "Why haven't we ever had
a lady President, papa?
Papa— Because. Harry, a man-made law
makes It imperative that the President be
more than thlrty-slx years old. — Judge.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery st Telephone Main 1M2. •
Townsend'a California glace fruits, SOo a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
633 Market street. Palace Hotel buildin*.*
Tim© to express TowE3end f » California
glace fruits to your Eastern friends. •
Town? end' a famous broken, and platn
mixed candy, 2 lbs 25c. 639 Maxket street.*
Thousands of pounds of California glace
frultfl all ready for shipping. Townsend'si*
T*r. strong: hoarhour.d candy. TowcseruTs*
Choice candles, Town3end's.Palac« Hotel*
While such statements are somewhat exagger
ated, they do not materially misrepresent the political
condition of Great Britain as revealed by the press.
The absorbing political issue there is not a question
of measures, but of men. The writer from whom we
have quoted appears^to be. fully justified in asserting
that the country is prepared to support a strong man,
no matter which side he may take. When such a
temper prevails in the public mind of a great empire,
the unexpected is very apt to happen, and the next
session' of Parliament may open the new century in
Great Britain with something sensational in foreign
or domestic politics.
Drawing his conclusion from the evident demaml
for a leader and the apathy displayed by both the
Conservatives and the Liberals in Parliament, he goes
on to say: "Public life never offered more brilliant
prizes to a Canning, or a Disraeli, or a Randolph
Churchill than it does now to any one capable of
following in their footsteps. To some new man the
future assuredly belongs. England is in a mood, to
surrender herself to, not necessarily to a prodigy of
genius, a Napoleon of politics, but to any man of
marked independence, faith and capacity. The
country is weary to sickness ., of the old gang
and the old ways. There never was a time
when party allegiance was more detachable,
or when a strong leader capable of con
structive patriotism was more certain to command the
overwhelming support of the country, upon which
ever side he may appear."/.: :T
A writer signing himself "Young England" con
tributes to the current number of the National Review
a striking summary of existing conditions and points
out that the time is opportune for the coming of
a new man. He says:. "There never was an oppo
sition which offered less noble' sport to its opponents
or gave less: opportunity for: serious attack. There
never was a Conservative government, 'on the othc*
hand, which practiced a more systematic neglect oi
its followers, or made less effort to draw out the tal
ent which has failed to appear." He declares, "The
abject and characterless docility of the Conservative
rank and file in the House of Commons has be
numbed the whole mass of the party."
r~Ij ROM almost all parties in Great Britain there
I comes a cry for a leader. . The Liberals are
demoralized, the Conservatives are discontent
ed and the Radicals are wandering about like lost
sheep. The condition of the Democratic party in- the
United States is bad, but the condition of British
parties is worse. Hardly any one appears satisfied
with Salisbury, or his Cabinet, or his policy; and yet
nearly all prefer him and his to anything the oppo
sition has to offer. .
A LEADERLESS EMPIRE.
It is but reasonable to expect a cordial co-op
eration with the movement now being made to pro
cure from the coming Legislature an increase in the
revenues of the institution. That, indeed, is one of
the urgent measures of the time and should" receive
prompt attention when the Legislature meets.
We have, then, a university whose attendance is sec
ond to but one in the Union, whose education is as
free as any, whose administration is more economical
than any. whose increase is more rapid than any.
What Californian can be indifferent to the credit
given the State by the existence of such an institu
tion, founded by the people and maintained by the
people for the good of the people?
On that showing it will be perceived there is noth
ing extravagant in the desire of the Regents to have
the income of the university increased by $100,000
From a recent statement of the financial condition of
the university made by President Wheeler it appears
that, excluding the $27,000 income derived frpm the
Wilmerding fund and used for the support of the
Wilmerding School, the income for next year may
be estimated at $410,000. Of that sum $56,000 will b2
set apart for permanent improvements, $28,000 • for
Lick Observatory, and $10,000 must be used for
scholarships. Thus there will be available for imme
diate educational uses at the university little mor.e
than $300,000, an amount less than that which the
collegiate department of Harvard University collects
from tuition alone.
Q MOXG the facts brought out by the discus
/ \ sion at the Palace Hotel on Saturday evening
of the best means of increasing the income of
the State University are these: The university in point
of attendance is second to but one in the Union; in
the course of its comparatively short career it has
surpassed all the great institutions of the East with
the single exception of Harvard; in the past decade
the increase in the number of students has been about
400 per cent, or five times the percentage of increase
of income; upward of eighty-seven per cent of the
students now at Berkeley are from California and the
proportion of those coming from points distant from
the bay counties is increasing annually; the cost of
university maintenance at Harvard is $229 per
student, at Columbia $565, while at Berkeley it is
but $165.
THE STATE UNIVERSITY.
Out on this coast the situation has shown no change
worthy of note for some weeks. Business is quiet, but
not more so than usual during the holidays. The sea
son in California has been exceptionally good for the
farmers thus far. and farm work has been pushed so
rapidly and energetically that barring the normal mis
haps liable to occur in the spring the State ought to
harvest abundant crops. This gives general con
fidence to merchants and bankers, and as a result
times arc very easy. The export trade of this port
kteps up to a high pressure pitch, though it is not as
lively as during the early fall months, nor was it ex
pected that that abnormal activity would never come
to an end. Merchandise is showing more relative life
than produce, as the lztter, with few exceptions, is
dull. The financial situation continues sound, no im
portant failures being reported, while collections are
good and solvent borrowers find no difficulty in get
tic* all tU funds they want to carry them along.
A more favorable bank statement last week stimu
l.-.ted operations in Wall street, and there was con
siderable huying as soon as it was seen that there was
no danger of a financial stringency. The demand for
bonds and stocks for permanent investment was very
The staples continue quiet and featureless. Sales
of wool show an increase, but prices have not recov
ered from the recent decline. Cotton, on the con
trary, has about recovered from the late break. Hides
arc quieter and rather lower, and leather is also
easier, but the boot and shoe trade is reported weli
si'.pplied with orders. Western hardware men report
the best fall business on' record, but new business in
iron and steel is light. The general shutdown of fur
races usual at this season is lacking this year, how
ever, owing to the abundant orders on the market
which will require months to fill. Wheat and provis
ions remain about as before, being aevoid of any
c^pecial activity, and ihe former, indeed, has been ex
tremely dull for the past fortnight.
Still, the weekly commercial reports show that busi
ness is apparently good all over the country- The
wholesale trade is quiet, of course, as the retailers do
about all the business just before Christmas; but the
general distribution *of merchandise seems up to the
average, except in the Northwest, where unseasonable
weather and a short spring wheat crop operate against
commercial activity. The West and South are sending
ir. uniformly good reports, while better weather along
the Atlantic seaboard has stimulated the distributive
fade in that section.
BUSINESS AND THE HOLIDAYS
TRADE thremghout the United States continues
of a holiday character. The bank clearings last
week again dropped off, showing a gain over
the same week last year of. only It, and the
three largest cities lost. This gain has been marked
of late, hence the falling off last week indicates a'pro
nounced holiday lull. The failures were 260, against
211 for the corresponding week in 1899.
IN AFRICA-R. B.. City. The follow
ing named places in Africa have each a
repreaentative of the United States Gov
t™ 1 ??^ ° f tI 11 *. c t ? n / ula , r rank: Belra, A.
L.\ Kidd; Beni-Saf, E. . L. Q Mllsom-
Bloemfonteln. Alfred EllloT; Bone A f'
Garbe: Cape Town, J. G. Stowe: Durban"
A- H. Rlnnle: East London. W. H. Filler'
Goree Dakar, Peter Strickland; Johannes!
burg. w. D. Gordan: Kimberley. G. Wil
liams; Lourenzo Marques. W. S. Hollls-
A r ?.hki?- £ : -£cnnrceUe; Port EHzabfth j!
A.Chabaud; Pretoria. A. S. Hay j» Tunis.
«¦ h A^T' Touha y: Zanzibar. R. E. Mans^
?k «^?1 a ?. names and places are from
jn'.offlcial list corrected up to November
THE PRESIDENT— <J. W. B.. Marys
vllle. Cal. There Is nothing In the consti
tution of the United States nor in the
United States statutes which Is to the ef
fect that the President, of the United
H» a i Hm» ' not go outside of the territo
rial limits of the Union during the time
he is In office. As comraander-ln-chlef of
the army and the navy he may at any
iiSS.S.g2 1 Sd^ B to B ° wlthout the
FARMS IN IRELAND—R.. City. A
person can buy a farm outright In Ire
land. The mode of creating and transfer
ring estates In Ireland is practically the
tame as that In England. Any estate un
der the laws of 1SS1 may be purchased by
the Land Commission for the purpose of
reselling to the tenants of the land com
prised In such estate their respective
holdings.
THE DEAD LETTER OFFICE— W. P.
C, City. At the dead letter office. "Wash
ington. D. C letters containing money
or other articles of value are placed on
file to await application. Those contain
ing money may be reclaimed at any time
within four years. In addition the de
partment publishes monthly a list of dead
letters containing valuables.
DRAWBACK— S. S.. Turlock. Cal. "When
grain sacks beating a firm name «r the
name of an individual have thereon the
added words "right of drawback re
served," it shows in effect that If the
sacks are exported the manufacturer pets
a rebate of 93 per cent. of th© tariff paid
on the raw Jute.
TRANS-SIBERIAN RAILROAD — Sub
scriber, City. The termini of the Trans-
Siberian Railroad are Orenburg and Vla
divostok.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
Guitars— A. D. AllefK 1901: H. Chappell. 1901;
G. D. Guthrie. 1801 S. : A. J. Bruff. 1902 S. ; R.
C. Leverins, 1902 S.
Mandolins— F. Van Wlcklen, 1S01; F. L. Belln.
1901 S.; H. S. Curtlss. 1901.
Banjo Club: Banjeaurlnes— I* IT. Bntler.
l'JOl; G. B. Kip. 1301; L. Mannierre. 1301; E. II.
Toothe. 1901 S. ; L. B. Fulton. 1901; D. 8. Blos
som, 1001.
Plcolo— C. O. Day, 1503.
Banjos— D. I. Whlttrtsey, 1301 S.{ B. G.
YtaSS 1902.
Second bassos— M. K. Parker. 1901; R. B.
Hixon. 1901: K. Spaldinsr. 1302; VT, W. Her
rlck, 1D02; W. B. Weston. 1303; !•. S. • Tyler,
1904.
Mrs. Henry F. Allen. Mrs. Gordon Blandlng.
Mrs. Thomas Breese, Mrs. George Cadwalader,
Mrs. Donald Campbell. Mrs. Francis Carolan,
Mrs. Jamffl Coffin, Mrs. William H. Crocker.
Mrs. Robert Ooletnan. Mrs. Joseph B. Crock
ett. Mrs. Albert X. Drown. Mrs. Chartes P.
Eolls, Mrs. George W. Glbbs, Mrs. Joseph D.
Grant. Mrs. Horace Hill. Mrs. Walter S. Ho
bart. Mrs. Jonathan Kittle, Mrs. V. K. Mad
dnx. Mrs. \V. Mayo Ne-wrhall. Mrs. Sydney V.
Smith, Mrs. Henry T. Scott and Mrs. William
S. Tevls. i/:^
And now. so the girls can see for them
selves and won't have to bother BouVler
any more, here is the full and correct list
of all the boys who are coming:
R. H. Schneeloch, president of Gle# Club: D.
S. BtoFsnm. 1901. president of Banjo Club; J.
A. Keppelman. 1901. manager; C. D. Barnes,
assistant.
Glee Club: First tenors— J. M. Carlisle, 1901:
F. M. C. Robertson. 1301: F. W. Jackson. 1301;
F. W. Moore. 1903: J. W. Reynolds. 1903.
Second tenors— G. V. Reynolds, 1301; G. A.
Dewey. 1SC2; H. E. Smith. 1301; F. W. Wlyjrlns.
1904: R. H. Schneeloch. sp.
First bassos — F. W. Sheehan. I>. S. ; O. A.
Welch. 1901: F\ B. Elseman. 1901; P. L* Mlchell.
1501; B. P. Twiche-11, 190X; C. W. Smith. 1902.
I understand that since Al Bouvier un
dertook to look after the Interests of the
Yale Glee and Banjo Club during their
stay here, he has grown thin and pale and
his mellifluous voice has taken on a thick,
burry coat. It all comes of answering
tne telephone so often and reading over
for the girls the names of the boys who
are coming out.
The ball at the Palace on the evening
of January 3. right after the first con
crrt. which takes place at Metropolitan
Hall, is sure to bring out all the girls who
ever wore a Yale pin. Following are the
names of the ladles who are the patron
esses of the ball, and by them you may
Judge of the crowd the boys may expect:
Miss Lewis brought out here with her
many of the famous gowns with which
she startled New York, and these stun
ning confections had the same effect up
on her native city as they had upon the
people in the biggest town in the United
States.
"Rather," said Gertie. "But you see it
is this way: I'm doing it to save the men.
If Edna is with me tney will not all fall
in love with me."
"Isn't Edna a rather— young chape
ron?" asked one lady of the beautiful
girl who is working to prove that only
stars grow In California.
Gertie Lewis, who blossomed upon the
town two weeks ago. just to look In on
her mother between plays, as It were, has
returned to New York to be the star and
chief attraction of a road company about
to bring out a new play. Back with
Gertie to the Empire State. In the ca
pacity of "chaperon," went her sister.
Edna, bouncing and charming and Just
eighteen, two years the Junior of the com
ing star. Maybe there was not an awful
buzzing up and down Van Ness avenue
and within the aristocratic precincts of
the Richelieu during Gertie's brief stay
In town. And maybe Miss G«rtle did not
startle with her merry wit and flashing
repartee the ladles who called to welcome
her home.
Burlingam© crowd with the exception aZ
one or two— Just to show, as I said be
fore, that we all cannot live In San Mate^
Countv.
• • •
. Brigadier General Charles H. Eagan,
U. 8. A. (retired), is at the Palace. He
will stay on the coast a few weeks, visit
ing the southern part of the State." His
trip is for recreation.
Charles L. E. Lardy, a member of the
Swiss Legation at Washington, Is on a
visit to the coast and Is staying at the
Palace.
J. A. MacKennon. the well-known mer
chant of San Diego, ; Is registered at the
Russ. .
G. J. Van Wormer. a f ruitman with
large interests In , Fresno, Is at the
Lick. ,
ProfeBSor Clark, principal of the Santa
Oruz High School, is at the California.
Dr J D. Van Vleck. a noted physician
of Los Angeles, lsa guest at the Grand.
E. A. Davis of Placervllle Is a guest at
the Grand.
J. H. Blood, a Bakersfleld merchant, 13
a guest of the Grand.
W. H. Buster, a Colusa capitalist, , Is a
guest of the Occidental. .
Joslah Champion, a well-known mine
owner. Is at the Grand.
T. Fisher, an oil man of Lo» Angeles, la.
registered at the Grand.
p. C. Atkins, a Topeka capitalist, 13
registered at the California,
S L Hogue. - a * Fresno attorney, Is
among the arrivals at the Grand.
Victor E. Till, the Seattle merchant. Is
among the guests at the Occidental.
G Sleber, the MarysvlUe capitalist, was
among yesterday's arrivals at the Lick.
Ed Delventhal, a wealthy cattle man
of Santa Rosa, is staying at the Rusk
PERSONAL MENTION.
THERE Is something .doing at the
Bohemian Club, 'lhe old smolder-
Ing feud between Joullln and Staf
ford has blazed up afresh, anil,
well, the owl Is stirring and the
French artist has been summoned to ap
pear before the club's board of directors,
to explain whether or no he has been
"spieling" for himself.
It all came about after the first "ladles'
day"- of the recent exhibition. On that
fatal afternoon the artist was observed
In solemn converse with a charming lady
writer. On the next day there appeared
In the columns of one of the local papers
a descriptive article (from the pen of the
aforesaid charming lady writer) telling
all about the show and Incidentally men
tioning how superior was Joullln's art
when compared with Stafford's. Now.
Joullln stands charged with "giving away
Information to newspaper people," a silly
charge, at the best, I'm Inclined to be
lieve, allowing, of course, that newspaper
people have eyes and are apt to use them.
It has been some time since the Bohe
mians here had so serious a matter as this
to dispose of, and I can see the fine dis
criminations the beard will be called upon
to exercise. It Is no easy task for stal
wart men to decide which is the worse—
to praise oneself or to cry out when one
Is hurt and want "papa" to lick the boy
who did it instead of hitting him you ¦-
self.
• • •
Have you noticed recently how brave : y
Edith McBean walks and how nobly she
throws back her shapely shoulders? And
have you observed the pretty color in
Dorothy Collier's pretty cheeks and the
splendid poise of her well proportional
form? Do you know what is doing it?
It is fencing. Edith and Dorothy are two
of a big class of swell girls who have
gone in. heart and soul, for fencing. They
are studying the noble art of sword-play
with the celebrated master. Wleniawsk!.
and are the prize pupils In a class where
all might be mentioned with unusual
praise. The girls meet around at the dif
ferent homes and a splendid time usually
follows the fencing lesson.
The jolliest sort of news comes from
Japan telling of the nuptials of Mamie
McNutt and Lieutenant Potter. The knot
was tied in Yokohama on November 21.
Frank Goad. In spite of his tender year*,
played with admirable tact the difficult
role of "papa" and ?ave the bride away.
Ruth McNutt and beautiful Genevieve
Martin were the bridesmaids. If the:?
was not quantity at the wedding ther?
was quality and among the Distinguished
guests was the American Consul.
The only sad thing about the wedding
was -the United States stepping in and
cutting short the honeymoon. Two days
after the ceremony Lieutenant and Mrs.
Potter sailed 'from Japan for Manila,
whither the lieutenant was bound to re
port for duty.
Genevieve Martin and - her brother,
Frank Goad, 'are to remain some time
with the Potters.
• • •
If you have a .card Tor the dance at the
Palace on the evening of January 9 you
have proof positive that you are really
"In it." Ever since Burlingame declared
it* would not stand being alluded to as
"Blingum" there has been an un
written law that the Burlingame contin
gent was the head and front of all social
happonlngs. Unfortunately everybody
cannot live at Burllngame, but everybody
who Is anybody may have a card
for the ball to be given by the Burling
amltes. The patronesses of this ball
which Is to determine our social standing
are Mrs E. D. Beylard, Mrs. Joe Crock
ett, Mrs. Robert Coleman, Mrs. Frank
Carolan. Mrs. Joe Grant, Mrs. E. W. Hop
kins. Mrs. Dan T. Murphy. Princess Pon
latowskl, Mrs. Georgs lope and Mrs. \V.
B. Tubbs.
Nearly all these ladies belong to the
The fight against Chandler is a bitter one. His
course in the Senate has been frequently irritating
to almost every member of that body. He is cranky,
erratic, sarcastic, and gifted with a multitude of words
with which to display every varying mood of his ec
centric nature. He claims that the fight against him
is made by the railroads, but the claim is hardly jus
tifiable. How the contest will result is not yet cer
tain. At this time it appears to be anybody's fight
and Blair's chances are not to be despised.
• Politics is so full of surprises 'that it is a common
saying no one should be surprised at anything that
happens in the political world. Nevertheless even the
oldest stagers will be a little startled if after all these
years the old man should return to the Senate.
OUT of the fight now going on in New Hamp
shire against the re-election of Senator Wil
liam E. Chandler there has come the unex
pected. Persons of middle age and good memories
may recall that there was once such a statesman as
Henry W. Blair. He had as a pet measure an educa
tional bill designed to give Federal aid to the educa
tion of the negroes in the Southern States that was
much discussed at one time. He has not been heard
of in a long time, and most people have thought him
to be dead. He is very much alive, however, and we
learn from our Eastern exchanges that he is once
more a candidate for the Senate and has a fair chance
of winning. - *1 ~j
Blair has been out of politics so long that no one
remembers how he ?ot out. His friends are now
claiming that when in office he 'was one of the most
useful Senators New Hampshire ever had. One of
them is quoted by the New York Tribune as saying
in a recent interview: "Half of the pension law?,
under which $150,000,000 is now annually disbursed,
originated with Blair, and of this amount New Hamp
shire receives $1,500,000. It was Blair's cam
paign in the old Third District in 1875 that
saved the State and insured the Presidential vote
to the Republicans in 1876, when only one vote save-1
the Presidency to Republican party. Blair
originated the Department of Labor, and his efforts
to exclude foreign cheap labor from this country
were so effective as 10 lead the Chinese Government
to reject him when he was appointed Minister to that
empire. Blair's record in local New Hampshire poli
tics is fully as creditable as it is in the wider arena of
national legislation. Among other things he suc
ceeded in saving the Portsmouth Navy-yard to the
State in spite of tremendous opposition."
AN UNEXPECATE D REVIVAL.
Russia Is the only naval power that
succeeds In maintaining secrecy aboot de
tails of ship construction. Reliable data
relating to vessels building by contract In
the yards of foreign countries are difficult
to obtain. Tni3 latter difficulty, however.
Is chiefly due to tha fact that none of the
vessels are built from the original de
signs, and that numerous and ma.terla!
changes are zn&da during the progress of
construction, which make Russian con
tracts undesirable*. Tha latest Informa
tion regarding the tore© new battleships
building at St. Petersburg states that they
are to be of 13,600 tons displacement and
are to have bottoms of four-inch hardened
steel and lateral bulkheads of tha sama
thickness, as a protection against tor
pedo attacks. It is evident that the dis
placement is insufficient to carry an ar
mored bottom four inches in thickness
and also a nine-inch belt, five-Inch case
mate anrt four-Inch protective deck, and
the Russian naval authorities are simply
mystifying If not deceiving foreign naval
experts.
• '«!• ¦_-> •
It Is reported that the British Admiralty
Is about to experiment with a submarine
destroyer, whose chief object will be to
destroy hostile submarine mines. Tha
boat will carry submarine runs discharg
ing a species of small torpedo, like a
shell, which may be fired In any direction
a submarine mine is located or suspected
to be. It Is not necessary that the shell
should strike the mine aimed at, for tha
explosion of a heavy diarge of guncot
ton will set off any submarine mlna locat
ed within one hundred feet o£ the explod
ing torpedo shelL
The Japanese battleship Asahl. btnTt at
Clyjlebank, recently arrived at a home
port, has had an unsatisfactory experi
ence with her Belleville boilers. She con
sumed as high as 150 tons a day arotng at
a speed of 10 knots while crossing tha Bay
of Biscay on her homeward-bound trip.
The weather In that part of Spanish wat
ers la known for its storms and heavy
seas, but the consumption of <raite twice
the quantity of coal required under or
dinary conditions makes an unfavorable
record for the Belleville boiler.
• \ ;•¦>"•
The Russian cruiser Asfcold, bnfldm* at
Krupp's (Germanla) yard, Kiel. Is of 6000
tons displacement and Is to steam 23 knots
on her trial. Falling to attain this speed
tnere Is a penalty of $18,000 for ©very ©n«
quarter knot flown to 21 knots. If the
speed Is less. than 21, but exceeds 29 knots,
the vessel may be accepted upon a fur
ther reduction of $20,000 In prlceL It Is
also further stipulated that the coal con
sumption Is not to exceed two pounds per
unit of horsepower per hour. The con
tract price of hull and machinery to
J2.4CO.0O0. feiiMMi
Vice Admiral Nire Kagenor! of ths Jap
anese navy died last month at the age of
69. His navaJ record was Interesting from
the fact that he did not Join the navy un
til 1S72. when he was 41 years old. and In
less than eight years became a rear ad
miral. On 1S53 he was made vice admiral
and In 1S92 was appointed *nnl3ter of the
Navy, from which office he resigned a
Fhort time after.* To become a rear admi
ral after eight years of servlco Is unparal
leled In any navy.
A training vessel for engineers and fire
men Is to be laid down shortly at St. Pe
tersburg. Its cost la estimated at fl.CO.
000, and the vessel will t>e U3ed In connec
tion with training for all sorts of experi
ments connected with marine
ing.
• • • \ .
The French cruiser Catftiat made her
commission trial recently and averaged 17
knots during twenty-four consecutive
hours. In view of the fact that she Is
credited with 20 knots on her acceptance
trial the recent performance 13 considered
unsatisfactory.
• • •
The Russian battleship Perisvfet had a
six-hour trial last month, developing an
average speed of 19.12 knots, an excess of
1.12 knots over the calculated speed. The
horsepower developed was 13.773. or 723
short of the contract, which, however,
will be condoned In consideration of her
great excess of speed. The Perisvlet has
triple screws.
• • •
The Importance of wireless teletrraphy
at sea may be surmised from the fact
that when the British battleship dory
left the Portsmouth dockyard on Novem
ber 30 for the- China station the ship
kept up communication with the station
ship Hector until a distance of fifty mile*
Intervened between the Glory and Hector.
The two ships are fitted with Marconi In
struments.
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS.
Let it be borne in mind, then, by every legislator
that what is demanded this year is a strictly business
session at Sacramento. We have had enough of party
politics and of faction fights and of crooked schemes
and cinch bills. This time* the public demands
straight politics and a businesslike efficiency from
start to finish.
It is important that the session be njade one of
business, for much in the way of legislation ought to
be enacted this winter. The last regular session was
hardly more than a contest over the Senatorship.
The extra session did not by any means make up for
the lack of good work during the previous one.
This time, therefore, the amount of work required of
the Legislature is even greater than usual, and it
will be impossible for the legislators to satisfy the
people unless the whole session from first to last be
given to legitimate legislative work, entered upon in
a spirit of honesty and performed with strict fidelity
to duty.
The Republican party will, of course, be held re
sponsible for the actions of the session, and it is but
right it should have that responsibility. The candi
dates of the party were elected upon definite pledges
of providing legislation for the public good, and they
should be held to the pledges they have made. The
Call, though a stanch and stalwart Republican paper,
will nevertheless take the side of the people against
?.ny attempt that may be made by legislators calling
themselves Republican to violate any pledge given to
the cause of economy, progress, improvement and
good government generally.
It will be well for Republican leaders who are to
direct affairs at Sacramento to enter upon the work
of the Legislature with the same spirit that animates
the national party leaders at Washington. At the
present outlook there is hardly anything likely to oc
cur during the session to seriously delay business if
the business be resolutely undertaken. There is no
Senatorial contest to take up time and to cause dis
sensions. The only cloud upon the horizon is | the
danger that the bosses may undertake to carry an un
fair apportionment bill or to enact a primary elec
tion law that would insufficiently protect the rights of
honest citizens at the primaries. If the bosses can bo
made to keep their hands, off those matters, and the
apportionment act and the primary election bill be
properly and rightly Jrawn. ail will be well.
F"\ EPUBLICAN leaders at Washington have
V— / promised the country to do all in their power
to keep Congress during this session strictly
attentive to important business. So far as it is possible
all partisan measures will be set aside in order that
the great interests of the country involved in the
Nicaragua canal, the Pacific cable, the merchant
marine, and in other measures of the kind, may be
promoted and advanced by necessary legislation.
Such is the promise and every prospect points to the
conclusion that it will be kept; that the session will
be marked by so much in the way of accomplishment
as will make it memorable in the annals of Congress.
A SESSION FOR BUSINESS.
The problem of keep the silt in motion to its
mouth, thus avoiding the filling of the channel and
consequent overflow, reems almost beyond the power
of man to solve.
One startling feature of the bill is the amount re
quired in works to control and keep open to navi
gation the Mississippi River, for, which $11,700,000 is
appropriated. But that is one of the world's greatest
rivers, with a vast watershed/and carrying such a vol
ume of silt as to make its control one of the hardest
1 roblems of modern engineering. That river has ear
ned the silt that has pushed back the waters of the
gulf from above Memphis. ' The land it has built is of
great richness, inviting to agriculture, but subject to
overflow as the river^builds a ridge and jumps out of
its old bed to form a new one.
ter the growing commerce of this bay looks for ac
commodation when the; facilities of San Francisco
are outgrown. If. the surplus cannot resort to Oak
land it must go to Puget Sound, and California has "a
great interest in retaining it here.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1900.
BY SfiLLY SHARP.
SOCIETY: NICE LIFE ROW
IN
BOHEMIAN CLUB
MISS FLORENCE BROWER, A PRESIDIO BELLE. WHO "WILL BE ONE
OF THE SOLOIST3 AT THE SOLDIERS' CHRISTMAS TREE FESTI
VAL THIS EVENING.
. \ A GAT • SEASON '. is prom l»ed at Hotel del
Ccronado, * Coronado. Cal. , this printer ¦with a
jolly houseful, an expert golf tournament, meet
ing of field trial* dub, hunting, flshlng, boai-
Idb, danciDC, etc
• •
• •
4
One of the most delicate
foods, in the world, is Scott's
emulsion of cod-liver" oil.
When usual food is a burden,
it feeds you enough to restore
your stomach; baby the same.
The bc^y-builder is food;
the body-restorer is Scott't
emulsion of cod-liver oil.
Well send yon a Ettle to try if yon like.
SCOTT & BOWNE. «o« Fcul street. Maw York.
Food is the body-restorer.
In health, you want nothing
but food; and your baby wants
nothing but food. But, when
not quite well, you want to get
back to where food is enough.
BODY-RESTORER
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Opera -hoase— ' 'An Officer of the Second."
A Icarar— "Naughty Anthony."
Columbia— Primrose and Dockstader Minstrel*.
Tivoli— "Cinderella."
Central Theater— "The Heart of Maryland."
California— "At the White Horse Tavern."
Orphtum— Vauflevl Me.
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chute*. Zoo and Theaters-Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenine.
Fischtr'B— Vaudeville. *
fflre -ifriiiB^- (Sail*
MONDAY ....DECEMBER 24, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS frop^^
Aidnu All Cccacriettioni to W. B. LEASE, Mun&ger.
M UEACKR**j OFFICE Telephone Prc»»JiO4
FIBLICATIO.V OFFICE...Market and Third. S. V.
Telephone Preti 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 <o 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Centn Per Weelc
Single CopleB, 5 Cents.
Terma by Mall. Including^ Postacei
r'AIL.T CALL (Including Sunday), one year $8.00
FAILY CALL. (Including Sunday). 6 months ».00
TAILT CALL. (Including Sunday), 2 months 1.50
PAILT CAIX— By Single Month «5c
FlTfDAT CALL. One Tear 1.63
1VEEKLT CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Eaxcple copies ¦will be forwarded when requested.
2fall eubocrlberr In ordering change of address should be
rartlc'Jler to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 11XS Broadirar
C. GEORGE KROGXES?.
Xiaigtr foreign Advertising. Mirqnett* Building, Cbicigo,
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2S19.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
iTEPHEX B. SMITH 3U Tribune flnllili nt
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
•Waldorf -Artorla Hotel; A. Bre-ntano. 31 Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIXGTOV (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .14OG G St.. N. W.
MORTON 1". CHAM'. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— <27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:iH o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:X0 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until f:SO o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
J:S0 o"clook. 1M1 Mission, open until. 10 o'clock. 2:61 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until S o'clock. 1C9S Valencia, open
until S o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor-
ner Twer.ty-seeond and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
ADVERTISEMEITTS.JOSEPH LEWIS EMANUEL AND MISS CLAKA HEYMAN. WHO WTLL
BE MARRIED AT HIGH NOON ON NEW TEAR'S DAY IN PARLORS
OF CALIFORNIA HOTEL.
During the past week a number of elec
tions In fraternal organizations have
been reported and several of the higher
bodies have installed their officers for the
current term.
California Chapter of the Royal Arch Masons
has elected the lollowing named as its officers
fcr the ensuing term: Robert N. Carson, high
prlcft; John Bennett, king; George K. White,
ticrlb*-. and Franklin H. Day, secretary (re
electtd).
Ji'bilee Rebekah Lodge has elected the fol
lowing named: Clara Gunsauls, noble grand;
(jjljriel Gress, vice grand; Preatha Monroe,
secretary; Lillian Bramstead, financial secre
taiy. and Acdie L. Ballou. treasurer. These
and the apt>ointed officers will be installed In
public on the hth of January.
ban Kranclsco Council of the Order of Amerl
cus has elected D. E. Desecker, president; £3.
W. Pratt, vice president; N'uir.ar Rose, record
ing secretary; Thomas H. Ford, financial sec
retary; Walter Clarkson, treasurer; A. A. Rus
scl", senior, and J. G. Hardy, Junior warden;
J. J. S-tahl, guide; E. A. Smith, sentinel; O.
F. Hunt, chaplain; D. E. Deseckor, W. C
Hass'.er. M. D., and I. Danzlger, trustees,
Calaveras. the beauty parlor of the Native
Daughters of the Golden Weet, has elected
Agnes McVery, president; Kate Ryan, Nora
Garrces and Minnie Nelson, vice presidents;
Sophie Strauss, recording and Jcsle • Hartman,
financial secretary; Hannah Ryan, marshal;
Emma Bailey, treasurer; Mrs. Snow, inside sen
tinel; Mrs. J. F. Spellman, outside sentinel;
Alice Leclalr, Kate Bearsing and Irene Lut-
Ktns, trustees; Liw.ie Wrede, organist, and
Dr. Kretz. rhysirian. These officers will be
Installed on the third Tuesday In January.
Yosemite Parlor of the Native Daughters has
elected Fellclta Reagan, president; Loretta
Lsmburth. Emella Jacobson and May Conn.
vice presidents; Lillle Axford, marshal; Susie
Kathoff, recording Eecretary; Lena Sullivan,
financial secretary; May Laroche. treasurer;
Ida Wehrman, inside sentinel; Nellie Halloran,
ouuide sentinel: Kate Burgess, Ann Butts and
Julia Blurnenthal. trustees; Dr. Mary Campbell,
pr-yeidan; Lillian Gllmore. organist.
Yerba Buena Lodge of the Knights of Honor
has selected Thomas Martin, dictator; L. J.
Marks, vice dictator; A. Mooelin, assistant dic
tator; R. H. Noble, reporter; C. G. Noble,
financial reporter; A. J. Fairweather, treas
urer; J. O. Brown, chaplain; S. F. Graham,
guide; H. O. Witt, guardian; William Wallace,
centinel; A. M. Macpherson, M. L. Crowe and
J. O. Hrown, trustees.
Norman Lodge, Knights of Honor has elected
X. H. Hirshfeld, dictator; H. Monaoch, vice
dictator; J. Morris, assistant dictator; J. Gans,
reporter; P. J. Joyce, financial reporter; F. W.
Zehfuss, treasurer; Jacob Mass. chaplain; M.
Wilklns. guide; I. Michaels, guardian; M. Selig,
sentinel; E. Davis, L. Green and William Saal
burs trustees.
Saxony Lodge. Knights of Honor has elected
J. F. Lyle. dictator; J. I>. Lamed, vice dic
tator; Alexander Moore, assistant dictator; A.
R. Holzheid, reporter; J. G. Kelly, financial
repcrter; P. L. Archibald, treasurer; J. B. Grif
fith, chaplain; \V. M. Ptat.ha.rn. guide: John
Brodie, guardian; William Will by, sentinel; W.
M. Statham. J. G. Griffith and A. R. Holzheid.
trustees.
Polar Star Lodge of the Knights of Honor has
elected W. Z. King, dictator; George F. Le
mont, vice dictator; N. J. Rogers, assistant
dictator: EX Worth, reporter; R. H. FaJrchlld.
financial reporter; J. Mason, treasurer; George
W. Lemont, chaplain; W. W. Fairchild, guide;
D. McCarthy, guardian; E. C. Housely, senti
nel: P. Prior, T. Learned and E. Worth, trus
tees.
San Francdsco Council of the Royal Arcanum
ha» elected A. McFarland, regent; M. L. Terry,
vice resent; A. H. Merrill, orator; E. H. Sey
mour, secretary; R. Ringholm, collector; R.
Stone, treasurer; D. E. Geary, chaplain; G.
Holrcgreen. fruide- A_ Lund, warden; W. L.
Vinal, sentry: A. H. Fehlen. G. Ber^strom and
E. G. L. Hoeber, trustees; A. H. Merrill, repre
sentative to the Grand Council. E. G. L. Hoe
ber will become the Junior past regent.
Golden West Council of the Royal Arcanum
has elected C. M. Seeburt. regent; 8. B. Rus
sell, vice regent; W. M. Ogilvie. orator;
Thomas Banks, treasurer (re-elected); T. G.
Hodgklns, secretary (re-elected): H. D. Hutt,
collector (re-elected): W. Hurey. warden; H.
B. Erough. guide; M. A. Williamson, sentry:
O. M. Van Buren, chaplain; W. M. Young, P.
R., representative to the Grand Council. The
officers will be Installed by J. B. Whitney,
D. D. G. R.
£an Francisco Lodre, United Moderns, has
elected E. J. EnElgn, chancellor; O. B. Hewitt,
regent; Miss F. EL Nettle, orator; T. G. Hodg
kins. recorder (re-elected) ; J. H. Baker, finan
cier (re-elected) ; B. W. Jacobs, guide (re
elected); P. Mocany Jr., warden; B. K. Hen
derson, watchman; M.iss O. B. Acton, musl-
Blan; H. Wagner. T. P. Smith, F. W. Baker,
A- B. Cheney and J. R. Wilson, trustees.
Court Twin Peaks of the Ancient Order of
Foresters ha» elected F. A. Irving, chief ranger;
P. L. Moore, sub chief; Alexander Smith, finan
cial secretary; W. T. Plevln, recording: secre
tary; William M. Tench, senior woodward; A.
Allen, Junior woodward; Grant Hammond.
senior beadle; J. H. Ernest, Junior beadle; I>r.
J. H. Soper, physician; R. A. Drayman, organ
ist; F. C. Douglass, W. J. Clinton, P. Koppen,
W. B. Carpenter, Alex Cairn*. Trustees; Joseph
Doran, Joseph McDonald and Max Wohlenberg-,
auditors.
Th« public Installation of the officers of King;
Eoloroon Lodg*, F\ and A. M., waa witnessed
by more than COO persons, who crowded Into
Franklin Hall, which was tastefully decorated
with American flags, tri-colored bunting and
palms. The following: named officers were In
stalled by Captain George W*. Wlttman, the
retiring- worshipful master, assisted by Past
Master Arthur M. Blade as marshal of cere
monies: Samuel McKelvey, master; Roland D.
Hartley, senior warden: W. P. Pllmer, Junior
warden: Benjamin F. Jellison. treasurer;
Harry Baehr. secretary; James H. Richards,
senior deacon; Georgre W. Lake, Junior deacon;
A. C. Cook, marshal; C. T. Cleve and L. O.
Banquets Given and Some of the Be
tiring Ones Axe Presented With
Jeweled Tokens of
Esteem.
Officers Changed in Various
Secret Fraternal
Orders.
SOME ELECTED,
SOME INSTALLED
AS MAN AND WIFE THEY
WILL BEGIN NEW YEAR
Daughter of Capitalist and Prominent
Yachtsman Are to Be Wedded.
ONE of th© prettiest weddings of
the new year will be celebrated
at high noon on New Year's day
in the parlors of the California
Hotel, when Joseph Lewis Eman
uel and Miss Clara Heyman will be joined
in the holy bonds of wedlock. The cere
mony will be performed by the Rev. Dr.
Voorsanger, and the contracting parties
will be attended by Joseph Mattoon as
best man and Miss Olga. Heyman, a sister
of the bride, as maid of honor.
After the nuptial knot has been. tied the
wedding party will sit down to a sumptu
ous wedding breakfast. The newly made
husband and wife will then take their de
parture for a honeymoon trip which will
last for several weeks.
Miss Heyman is the eldest daughter of
Jacob Heyman, capitalist and real estate
dealer. She is possessed of , a fine con
tralto voice which she has. used often in
charitable entertainments. Her accom
plishments are varied.
Joseph Emanuel is an enthusiastic
The sick fund proposition, after a spirit
ed discussion, was laid over for two
weeks. Among the visitors wora the
grand dictator, jrrand reporter. Supreme
Representative Crowe, Deputy Summers
and F. F. Wedekind, past dictator of
Yerba Buena Lodg-e.
week was largely attended, as It was the
night for the purpose of changing the
lodge into a sick benefit one, and the elec
tion of new officers... 'i here was a contest
for each office except the reporter, finan
cial reporter and treasurer.
designed some of the handsomest inter
iors In a number of homes in this cltv.
and the California room at the Paris Ex
position is the result of his skill.
YOKOHAMA. Dec. 23.— Hoshi Toru.
Minister of Communication and formerly
Japanese Minister to the United States,
has, resigned his portfolio In consequence
of the persistent allegations of his im
plication in financial scandals. He will
be succeeded by Mr. Hara, former Min
ister to Korea-
It Is possible that the stability of the
Ito Cabinet will be affected.
Scandal Attaches to the Actions of
Member of Japan's Cabinet.
HOSHI TOB.IT RESIGNS.
yachtsman, and is half owner with Jo
seph Mattoon in the yacht Amlgo. He is
also a member of the Olympic Club and
has a reputation as a designer. He has
Schord, stewards; George C Dawson, tyler, and
A. A. Batkln. organist. The music of the even
ing was by a double choir. After the cere
mony George R. Fletcher on behalf of the lodge
presented to the retiring Master Wlttman a
large o_£ ca*« filled with, silver tableware.
Then there wore addresses by Samuel M. Short
rttge. Rev. Jacob Nleto. John A. Hoamer and
Robert Ferral . Ice cream -and cake were then
served to the large assemblage, after which
there was a programme of dancing.
The Installation of the officers of Doric Lodga
last week waa attended by an unusually large
number of members and guests. The installing
officer was Otto Willlani Chonette and the
music incidental to the oeremony was by the
California Commandery Quartet. The new of
ficers are: Louis Albert Larsen, worshipful
master; Frank Thomas Falrcloth, senior, and
Adolph Charles Bauer,- Junior warden; John
P. Fraser, treasurer; Julius Rapheld Gold
smith, secretary; Arthur Meyer, senior, and
Henry Conrad Schaertzer, Junior deacons;
Louis Goodday, chaplain; Sebastian Kllcrt
Relnhardt, marshal; Charles William Elch
baum and Cyrus Burr McCroskey, stewards;
William Henry Edmondson, tyler, and T. K.
Wittick, organist. After the ceremonies the
retiring master was ready for the presenta
tion of the Jewel of his rank, buf not for
what followed.* The first presentation, that
of the Jewel, was by ex-Judge Robert Ferral
on behalf of the lodge; then came the pre
sentation of a jeweled cigar holder by Past
Master Louis F\ Dunand and then that of a
beautiful water color painting by Senior War
den Falrcloth, . also on ' behalf of the lodge.
There was also the presentation of a set of
handsomely framed resolutions of thanks from
the lodge to R. H. Lloyd, P. A., in recognition
of many services to it. There was a banquet
at the California, the toastmaster belgg
Past Master L. F. Dunand. After the supper
there was vocal music by the quartet, solos
by Clarence Wendell, L. A. Larsen and Jo
seph Rothschild and responses to toasts by
Robert Ferral, James A. Devoto, H. • C.
Schaertzer and Edward Lande, and a reci
tation by Past Master Thomas L. Hill.
Fidelity Lodge, Free and Accepted Masons,
has Installed 'the following named as its of
ficers: Lucius L. Solomons, W. M. : Benjamin
L. Stone, S. W. ; Theodore Cohn. J. "W*. ; Max
Goldman, ¦ treasurer; Frederick Barry, secre
tary; Wallace A. Wise, 8. D.; Moses Fried
man, J. D.; J. P. Albro, M.; Charles Schlesing
er and J. Nelto, stewards; Mltchel J. Meyer,
tyler ftwenty-slxth year); J. R. Ogllvle. O.
The retiring past manter, A. • T. Barnett, who
was the installing officer, was presented a
beautiful Jewel of the past master's rank, the
presentation being made by Rev. Jacob Voor
sanger.
Mission Lodge, Free and Accepted Masons,
has had the following officers installed by Re
tiring Master Charles A. Day: Charles F. Llb
bv. M.; W. C. Orflway, S. W.; Edwin W.
Tucker, J. W. ; Andrew Christensen. T. ; G. D.
Flack. S. ; R. S. Allen, S. D. ; George W. Lunt,
J. D. ; Henry M. Janes, M. a "W. p. Adrlanco
and I. J. Truman, 8.; James E. Parmelee, T. ;
R. D." Burns, O. The retiring master was pre
sented a beautiful cut crystal punch bowl and
set of goblets. The ceremonies were followed
by a supper In the banquet hall. .
At the Installation of the officers of Mount
Morlah Lodge, Free and Accepted Masons, the
new officers were obligated by J. C. Llmball,
the. retiring master, assisted by Adolph Eber
hardt. P. M., as marshal of ceremonies.' The
officers for the current term are: "W. C. Hacke,
¦W. M.; Alexander Woodslde. S. ."W. ; J. 8.
Bradley, J. "W. ; James McQulre, T. : Theo
Frollch, 8. ; F. L. Selbel, S. D. ; G. Calden.
J. D. ; P. D. Bernhard, M. : M. G. Ott and
S. C. Grubber. S. ; John D'Arcy, T. ; T. K.
Wittick. O. Henry K. Hlghton on- behalf of
the lodge presented the retiring master a past
master's Jewel
The officers of Berkeley Chapter of the Order
of the Eastern . Star were installed last week
by, Past Worthy Grand Patron George L. Dar
ling, assisted by Past Matron Mrs. «Lydla E.
Wharff. as marshal, in the presence of many
members of the order and friends who ad
mired the ceremony and greatly enjoyed the
music arranged by Past Grand Organist Mrs.
Nellie A. Darling. Th« new officers are: Mrs.
A. McClain, matron; Warren Sanborn, patron;
Mrs. Charles ' Sleeper, associate matron; Mrs.
Robert StewRrt, treasurer; Miss Anita Sleeper,
secretary; Miss Mary McCleave, conductress;
Mlxs Francis Ferrler, associate ' conductress;
Miss Laura Sleeper. Adah: Mrs. E. Maude
Stone Ruth; Mrs. A. J. Marllave. Esther: Miss
Annie Gane, Martha; Miss E. M. /Wright,
Electa; Mrs. Acheson, warden; Francis Fer
rier. sentinel; Mrs. S. J. Codlngton.' chaplain,
and Mrs. Laura Durgln. organist.
Knights of Honor.
The supreme reporter's list for Decem
ber 1 shows 114 deaths and the first on the
list was, paid before the list was printed.
The others have all been paid s since and
there was enough after that to pay the
first thirty death certificates after the
Issuance of the report. '•_
- The local lodges have been officially no
tified of the death of 'B., F. : Nelson, the
supreme reporter, which occurred on' the
21st of last month. . ¦
Carqulnez Lodge's smoker, talk and- In
crease meeting - was held ; last ' night and
was an interesting one.
Norman Lodge was visited by * Grand
Dictator Archibald, Grand Reporter
Johnstone and others at Its . last .held
meeting. N. R. Hlrshfeld has been elect
ed dictator of this lodge : for the ensuing
term. ". :'¦:' ' ¦ ¦ • • •..¦•¦-,. ¦/-¦¦ ¦
' The meeting of Polar Star ¦ Lodge : las>t
JOSEPH ] FIGEL, MERCHANT TAI
LOR. The latest styles to select from.
Suits from $20 upward. Overcoats, fancy
vests, etc., at greatly reduced prices. Sec
ond floor Flood Bldg., Fourth and Market.*
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— At the last
meeting of the Senate Committee on Mili
tary Affairs, the proceedings of which
have just been made , public. Secretary
Root made a strong presentation of the
necessity for immediate legislation for the
relief of the army. He stated broadly
that if Congress did not at once indorse
the army bill in substantial accordance
with the recommendations of the War
Department the United States would be
obliged to abandon a large portion of the
Philippine Islands where civil government
Is established. If the present garrisons
are withdrawn from certain portions of
the island the municipal oltlcers, mostly
Filipinos, would be left defenseless, witft
every prospect of being deprived of their
lives and property, ana at the same time
the United States would be disgraced, tne
Secretary said, for having proved faith
less to its solemn obligations. The Secre
tary argued that It was necessary to pass
the department bill as a whole in order to
properly adjust the military organization
to the new conditions created by the in
crease of numbers.
"We do not any of us," he said, "ex
pect that for any considerable period. an
army of 100,000 men will be maintained,
and for an army of 60,000 men the provis
ions made (by the committee) are suffi
cient." -
With reference to the matter of staff de
tails, the Secretary said that he was con
vinced that the. control of the permanent
staff departments In the city of Washing
ton was an evil that ought to be reme
died, and that it was highly important for
the army th_t there should be inter
changeable service, between the lin© and
the staff. In answer to an Inquiry the
Secretary said that it was of minor Im
portance ¦whether there waa a corps or
regimental - formation of the artillery
branch, and that while he favored the.
former ha really cared very little about
the matter, which ho regarded as a purely
technical question.
Secretary Boot devoted considerable at
tention in bis testimony to the army can
teen, urging that it was a great means of
maintaining the morality, health and dis
cipline of the troops. He pointed out that
the post exchange was a club where the
men got together to read, talk and smoke,
playing checkers - and ; other games and
drinking under such natural restraints aa
the place afforded. A prohibition of the
canteen, the Secretary said, would inter
fere with enlistments, as the men would
not enlist If they knew they were going
to be confined In a reform school. He
considered the agitation against the can
teen as a misguided one, showing that the
abolition of the canteen would drive the
soldiers out of the post exchange, where
they are subject to salutary restraints,
into the demoralizing and vicious sur
roundings outside of army posts.' It
would result in more drinking and more
deception among those who drank.
The Secretary also pointed out that the
proposed enactment would convey an en
tirely erroneous and prejudicial view to
the public as to what had been the course
of . the army In regulating the sale of
liquor up to this time.
Garrisons Would Have to Bo With
drawn and Friendly Natives
Abandoned to Their
Says That Without It We
May Lose a Portion of
the Philippines.
ROOT'S PLEA FOR
A GREATER ARMY
X_xij fc5_i.jN ± iv^jLiNox&U'O : ; OAjjL, /^UU^JLIA 1 ', JJiliG_jji_>ii 1 tt —4, 1*jkj*J.
5
ADVEETISEMENTS.
AI>V__.TIS__tENTS.
THE VERY DAINTIEST and
MOST EXCRCCIATIXGLT AMTTSTMO COSIS-
DT OF THE SEASON
WAS PRESENTED TO TWO LARGE AUDI-
ENCES YESTERDAY
AT THE WHITE HORSE TAVERN
With MINERVA DORR AND FRANK M.
NORCUOSS.
A DISTINCTIVE SUCCESS. '
THIS WEEK ONLY. SPECIAL MATIN __
TO-MORROW (CHRISTMAS DAY)
AND SATURDAY.
USUAL. POPULAR PRICES— fl. 73c. 50c, 25c
Next Sunday Night
EDOARD STRAUSS and His Vienna Orchestra.
SPECIAL. PRICES— Orchestra. *2: last T
rows, $1 50; Balcony (first 4 rows), $1 50; bal-
ance of Balcony, tl; Gallery (reserved). 75c;
Gallery (unreserved), 50c; Box and Loss Seats.
$2 50.
SALE OP SEATS COMMENCES W_DN_3-
DAY MORNING. <
THE ZENITH OF ELEGANT
VAUDEVILLE.
THE ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW!
Direction Martin Beck.
SEVERUS SCHAFFER. WILL M. CR—SST
AND BLAXCH&DATNE. JOHNSON, DAV-
ENPORT AND LORELLO, LOTHSE DRESS-
ER, JACK NORWORTH, BERTIE FOW-
LER. THE COMIOGRAPH. (Rntalned by
special request) TRULY SHATTUCK and
CHRISTINA'S DOG. CAT AND MONKEY
CIRCUS.
Reserved seats, 2S cents; balcony. 10 cents;
opera chairs and box seats, 50 cents.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-MORROW
CHRISTMAS DAY.
"IT'S A SURE WINNER."
Evenings at 8 sharp. Matinee Saturday — —I
Christmas day at 2 sharp.
CINDERELLA!
By FERRIS HARTMAN.
WITH ITS LOADS OF HUMOR, B"UN AND
SPECTACLE.
DOJTT FAIL TO TAKE THE _LTT__ OJTE3.
See Oscar L. Fest's Fine TRANSFORMATION.
The Flowery Kingdom.
POPULAR PRICES B and 80 cents.
* Telephone — Bush ». •
UULUlBlPlM LEADWQ THEATRE
THia WEEK— Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday, Saturday and
Sunday Nights.
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE TUESDAY.
Regular Matinee Saturday.
- Note— These Matinees are to be given at spe-
cially reduced prices, r . ",
THE LEADERS
PRIMROSE and
DOCKSTADER
Minstrels.
Next Week— "THE BELLE OS* N_W TOSZ."
Alf Elllnshousn. Prop, and ATnnager
Phone South HO
AI— » FOR FUN AND FUN FOR A_I*
Every Evening This Week.
MATIN — E TO-MORROW, CHRISTMAS DAT.
¦ Oeo. H. Broadharst'a Funny Fstrce.
WHY
SMITH c%A*
i xz r c^tt company op
L^'^r' 1 COMEDIANS,
HOME,
A TRULY FUNTCY COMEDT.
SHOWERS OF —ATTGHTER.
Evening 13c. 33c, 35c, 50c and 75a.
Matinee 15c. 25c ISc and 50c.
Next Sunday Afternoon. Jacob Lltt's Biff Show,
"SHENANDOAH."
BEM5CO AND T HALL' 9
CENTRAI
Market st., sear 8th. Oppostttt City B__
MATINEE TO-ioBROW, XMAS.
PRICES— 10c, 15c, 25e. NoHlglier.
Every EVp. Ma_ne«s Saturday and Sunday.
HUNDREDS TURNED AWAY LAST NIQHT.
THE GREATEST ST7CCES3 IN TBAR3.
Devld Belaaco's Famous MllltJU— BomanoK
the HEART OF MARYLAND
DCirCC EVks— 10c. ISc. —c, «5c BOc
r h lwEO Matinees— 10c. 15c Kc. Xo hr«her.
Seats on Sale at Box Offlce of Theater.
TO-NIGHT,
Matinee To-Morrow, Tuesday, Imas.
David Belasco"s London and New York Success,
Naughty Anthony
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY AND
SUNDAY.
SEATS— 15c, 25c. SSc, 80c
IK mI r5S^ 7 m&^J
nn iru hjA tTii %wr fj^^ sT\«
QRAND OPERA HOUSE
—CROWDED ALL THE TIME!——
MATINEE TO-MORROW. CHRISTMAS DAT.
Brilliant Triumph of the
OLIVER-LESLIE COMPANY — -
• - ' THIS EVENING
The Famous English Military Drama.
AN OFFICER OF
THE SECOND.
FIRST TIME HERE.
Evenlns Prices— lOc, 15c, 25c and OOc
A few front rows In orchestra. 75<*.
Matinee Prices— 10c. 15c. 25c and 50c, no
higher. Branch Tleket Offlce— Emporium.
CHUTES^™ ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENTNO.
Grand Spectacular Production,
TEN DAYS IN FAIRYLAND
SANTA GLAUS BALLET!
BIG CHRISTMAS TREE !
Presents for All the Childrenl
Telephone for Seats. Park 23.
Wiift-W $1.00 Derfear
ADVESTISEMENTS.
m
Fine Fur and Sealskin
Garments, Muffs, Neck
Boas, Scarfs, Fur
Hats, etc.
PRICES BEYOND COMPETITION
Best quality goods and artistic
workmanship guaranteed.
Extensive connections with
all the leading fashion centers of
the world.
../\D KOCOUR,.
Reliable Manufacturing Furrier.
Importer of Skins,
!21 POST STREET
fDOX'T MISTAKE THE NUMBER).
Rooms 7 to II. Open evenings.
Broken
Eyeglass
— ei— «s replacfxl for 5O oents.
Any A«lr_silc lexsea duplicated for 91.00
ana $1.50.
Guaranteed correct acfl best quality.
Oculist** prescriptions filled. Fa/ctory on
premise*. Q_cfc repairing. Phene. Main 18.
0PTlCIAN5^ HnT^Pf * p wwT Wi
642 Market 5t. instruments
•vj^cru CHROmai _JCDtH&. CATALOfiUF FRtt.
BOTTLE LUhtO
MCBURNEY'S
Kidnw*"* 8'adder
iviuncy^ CURE
A thorougb care for
pains in the back,
BRICHT'S DISEASE,
feinale troubles, lacon-
tiueace of urine, bricJt dnst deposits, bed-
wetting ci children, gravel, gall ttonea,
dropsy, diabc:e«. and rheu— atlsia-
for sale: at —
DAHU3EXDER DRUG CO.. 214 _e_my St..
— AN D AT— —
THE OWIj DRUO CO.. 1128 Market rt.
Sena rSc In Ic etamps to W. F. McBurner.
<IS S. Eprinc et.. Los Arre'.es. Cal.. for 3
days' tr^at— grit. Prepaid tl 50. DnagglKf .
§>1M. \1GOR. VITALITY for MES
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
ttave been in um over fifty
years by the leaders of the
ilermon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
*worEt ca*es in old and young
trlsint from effects of self-
abuse, <i:ss-'.Liat;nn. excesses or
cirarette-smokinE. Cures Lost
Mar.hood. Impotency, Lo«t
Power. Xlefct Losses. Insom-
r.la, Palrj In Back. Evil Desires. Lam « Bock.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Cnfltness to Mar-
rr. Loes of Semen. r*~ Varicooele or Con-
etlraticn. Stops Ne §m r%-ous Twitching
of Eyelids, Effects z^. „_ a r e lmmc<i:ate.
Impart vigor and *»f * » potency to every
function. Don't set despondent; a cure Is at
hand. Restores email, undeveloped organs.
Fttmulates the brain and nerve centers: &0c a.
box; 6 for II 60 by mail. A written gnarantee to
rure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellla
«.. Fan FTTJCisr'?. Cal.. GRANT DRUO CO..
S3 and 40 TMrd st.
UNITED STATES BBANCEC
STATEMENT
OT THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Scfllli Union nfl National
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH, SCOTLAND, ON THE
Slst day of December. A. D. 18*3. and for
the rear ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of CaJl-
forcia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
$10 and £11 of the Political Code, condensed as
per black furnished by the Co_ml_loner.
ASSETS.
Real _Btate owned by Company S 2C3.808 24
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... l > _9,432 46
Ca£h market value of all Stocks and
Bonda owned by Company 2, OU. 110 42
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as colLu.ter— 1.900 00
Caeh in Company's Office £44 C2
Cash In BarJts 215,765 21
Interest due and accrued en all
Stocks ar.d Loans 20.SC2 SI
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
_ad Mo.-.i'ift ••• 19.500 12
IPremlums In due course of collection 227,2(0 H
Total AasctB J4.OQ.4S4 41
LIABILITIES.
Losses aflJuFted and unpaid } 74,478 E5
Loss** In process of adjustment or'
In eusper.se 137.CU 00
Losses resisted, lncludirg expenses.. 14,665 04
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. S1.6C2.41C 86;
reinsurance 60 per r»nt 801,208 43
Gross premium* on Fire Rlski run-
ning more than one year, Jl.830.- *> ..•_¦
482 3S: relceumnce pro rata 1,022,828 16
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
« c 2.000 OC
Co—Eilsrlons and brokerage due and
to become fiue 2S.C3J 1J
Total Liabilities $2.14S.5OC 57
IXCOiTE.
jCet cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,153,400 _
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 67,205 £2
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Etocks, Loans, and from
all ether source* 78,120 72
Tot— Income _ t2.344.7SC 47
EXPENDITURES.
jCet amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including t219,C5 S4. lcsFes of pre-
vious years) $1,7X>,116 20
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 477,623 S3
Paid for salaries, fees p.nd other
charges for office™, cl<rks, etc.... 118,661 S3
Paid for State, National and Local
tases R4.265 90
AJ1 other payments and expenditures 117.D29 CI
Total Expenditures $2,648,096 C3
JAS. H. ERETVSTER. Manager.
Subscribed and tworn to before me. this 23d
flay of January, 1930.
OARKSON N. FOWLER.
Notary Public
PACIHC COAST DEPARTMENT i
R. C. MBDCRAFT, General Agent,
319 CaTitornia Street 6. F.
SAN FRANClSCcTElTY AGENTS i
MANHEIM, DIBBERN & CO.,
217 Sanaotnc Street, 6. F.
4*5*^ DEWEY.STRONG SCO.^gV
IA/. T. HESS,
»0TAET rVBLll A5J /.TTOBSEy-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Itoom 1M5. Oaus Epreckel« Bldg.
Telephone Brown 331.
Residence, £21 California st.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
Weak Men and Women
CUOULD CEE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
v E rf-a.i Mexican remedy; gives health and
"trenpth to sex u_ orcans. Dtyoi, 323 Market.
-_>VEBTIS___ENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
IJJEBEMUD1I
222-224 SUTTER ST.
OFEN TO-NICHT.
SPECIAL CANDY SALE
AT 30c POUND.
"CROWN" PORT & SHERRY
5 BOTTLES FOR $1.00
As well as all other specials ad-
vertised last Thursday, hold
good for to-day.
CIGARS
And many other suitable gifts
•for the holidays.
WATCH OUR THURSDAY'S AD.
A MERRY XMAS
TO ALL.
I Pie Crust
|j made with
"Ko-Nut"
H Is Flaky, Digestible and has no
! H smell of strong lard. ¦
I "KO-NUT "
H A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat for
¦ ; Shortening and Frying.
H A perfect superseder of Butter,
II Lard and Compounds.
I Ask Your Grocer or Write,
India Refining Co.,
Philadelphia.
CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL
SILVER
JUBILEE!
DONATION DAYS:
December 20th,
December 21st,
December 22d,
December 24th.
Donations of money and
supplies of all kinds thank-
fully received
At 227 SUTTER STREET
*'/••' (Coulter's Rattan "Work?.)
Dn 1 «rj nok 1 These hotels pos-
X dlctV/U sess the attributes
•j that tourists and
3.I1CI travelers appreciate
—central location.
ftranH lib€n - manaae-
AJI dill* ment, modern ap-
TT . I pointments and
Hotels. 5S£__.sf_E:
San Francisco ropcan plans.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY. .
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer.
. Ml C_lfornl* it. Onnla bonding.
COAL. COKB AND PIO IRON.
Jr wit a en •°° B«tt_T strwt.
• t- nlLiUrt C tll-» Telephone Main 1SH.
COPPERSMITH.
&W CHHTH Bhlp Plumbing. Steamboat and
IT- OiTUllI. Ebip -Work a special ty. U and
18 Waahlnrton tt. Talephon* Main 6641.
/ FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IIC ROYF? £ f 0 Sh 'PP tnilr Butcher*. 104
JAj- DUlCjttW Clay. Tel. Main VtH.
______
LUBRICATINO OILS. LEONARD ft ELLIS,
41S Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PAINTS. '
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils. Schneider's Mining
Candles. C. O. CLINCH & CO.. • Front. S. F.
PRINTING. v
EC HITUHFC PRINTER.
W» IiminCJ, m 3an»ome at.. 8. T.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JTJDD CO..
23 First st.. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
™ c <S?ff'° PARTRIDGE " > aSg llto
WfllTfi ASH STEAM COAL, m^ b bSaS
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO., at Its GREEK
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Beat Coal In Um
market. Office and Yards— 4S0 Main it ret t.
A1LTJS— _ D _ NTS .
YALE GLEE AND BANJO CLUBS.
a SINGERS EN ROUTE FROM TALE UNI-
VERSITY.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE THURSDAY
EVENING. JANUARY J.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE FRIDAY AFTER-
NOON, JANUARY 4— t P. M. -
S— §|E?2 BRILLIANT PROGRAMMES 2
Seats ready. Friday next. December 28, 9 a. m.
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
Prices— Evening. . 50c, Jl, $1 50, $2; afternoon
50c, .75c. n. . '
17T<5rH17R J 5! CONCERT HOUSE.
COGILL AND - COOPER 1 S COMEDIANS " IN
"MY UNCLE FROM JAPAN."
And "A FAIRY GODMOTHER." by Arnold
' ' and Ethel Grazer and Blanche Trelease.
Reserved Sea_, 2S& SlaUnee ChriBtmaa!
frifn ¦! ¦¦¦__¦¦¦ _i_m_»m__ i_w___nnra_y*_Ti_— _ni— ra___ii___w____rsi HI
Parlor IBM
Rocksr fpilil|
Solid roahoga- |L-_F •' \JJ
ny; upholstered fjg^ nf
trimmed with
brass tacks.
Estimates on complete house-
furnishing cheerfully £»ven.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS TILL
NEW YEAR'S. \
Free delivery within 200 miles on $23
worth and over.
BRILIJANT'S,
OPEN EVENINGS, 1
338-342 POST ST., K£_
/t^&*z!Z$fe&t>***. EXTRACTION
WTOtS^ DR. K. L. S WALSH
'¦-*-' 815% GEARY STREET
BetTceen Hyde and Larkln.
Telephone Polk 1125.
DR.PiERCES
GOiDEN
MEDICAL "
lESiiSCOVEIRY
FOR THE
I BLOOD, LIVER. LUNGS.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the eur» of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS,
STRICTURES and analogous complaints at the
Organs of - Generation. - - '
Price U a bottle. For ealo by druggists. ¦
Welsbach
Library Lamps
for Christmas Gifts
No Oil, No 'Wick, No Trouble. >
Beautiful lamps, with hand-decorated shades \
and globes to match. Direct importations of =
the Welsbach Co. No duplicates. Including 9
Imported Glassware 3
Japanese Cloisonne t j
Antique and Modern Bronze
Be sure to use the Genuine Welsbach Mantle* I
to get the finest effects, and the Improved I
Welsbach Light, with GasrSaving Regulator, I
to save 83%% of cost of lighting. I
; ASK FOR NEW YEAfl CALENDAR BOOK MARKER . j
Welsbach Company
, 138 Ellis Street.
. N OPEN EVENINGS DURING THE HOLIDAYS. I ,
CHRISTMAS GIFTS
t^AT HEADQUARTER PRICES.
KOHLER & GHASE
26-30 .O'FARRELL STREET, S. F.TO ARRIVE.
MONDAY. DECEMBER l\.
Sun rises 7-23
Bun *et3
Moon sets 8;Qi p.
NOTE— In the above exposition of th* tides
th« early morning: tides are eiven In Us* left
band column and the successive tides of tha
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day. th« third time column gives th* Ust
tide of the day. «ceat when ther« are but
thre* tides as sometimes occurs. Th« h«lrhts
Siren are in addition to the soundings <m th»
United State* Coast Survey charts, .xcept
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the heUht. and
then th* number *i*en ts subtracted from tfi«
depth given by th* chart*. Th* plane of refer
ence to th* mean of th* lower low water*.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, December 23.
Ptmr National City, Dettmers, 27 hours from
Eureka.
Some very quick work has been done
on the mail steamship ZealarkJla. She got
to her berth at Pacific-street wharf Sat
urday about 10 a. m. and yesterday the
stevedores were rushing cargo into . her.
In the interval 1500 tons of cartro : has
been taken out and 500 tons of coal taken
aboard. At -5 p. m. Saturday she starte.l
fcr the sugar refinery, where 14.000 sackq
of sugar were discnarged and the coal
taken aboard. At 8 a. m. yesterday she
was back at her wharf. There is nothing
like system, and Captain Howard, super
intendent of the Oceanic Steamship Com
fiany, knows how . to keep things mov
ng.
The Kosmos liner Neko will get away
for Europe via Central and South Ameri
can ports to-day. She Is crowded - with
freight, but will carry no passengers. .
The horse transport Strathgyle arrived
from Manila yesterday. She has no pas
sengers and brings no news except* that
on December &. In latitude 42 deg. 19 min.
north. longitude 73 deg. 09 min. east, a
topmast and crosstree, painted yellow,
were passed.
Water Front Notes.
death yesterday. While crossing Broa.l
way in response to a still alarm an elec
tric car struck the after wheel* of -the
chemical engine and Cassassa was thrown
off the machine. He was badly hurt about
the back and was hurried to the Harbor
Hospital, where Dr. . Bacdgalupi attended
to him. Later he was sent to his home at
513 Union street.
The big collier Matteawan had a bard
tine of It getting here. She left Tacoma
on December 17 and off Destruction Island
ran into a south-soutneaster. Her cargo
shifted to starboard, one of the port
lifeboats and some doors were carried
awy, cabins were flooded and other
MATTEAWAN" EN" A GALE.
Is Seven Days Waking Bun From
Cape Flattery.
ii *a VERT steamer that makes port
i| J^ bring* a «torv of disaster and
j owners of coasting vessels are be-
II ginning to get scared. At the
present time the Bhip Berlin and
barkentlne Benlcla are each fourteen
<Jays out from Puget Sound. The schooner
Charles E. Falk is seventeen days out
lrora Port Hadlock, the bark Fresno
twenty-five days from Port Gamble, ship
Eclipse nineteen days from Tacoma, ship
Isaac Reed twenty-two days from Seat
tle, schooner Jennie Stella twenty-one
days from Grays Harbor, schooner Lizzie
Vance seventeen days from Grays Har
bor. 6Chooner Mary Bidwell twenty days
from Coqullle River, schooners North
Bend ana Repeat each eighteen days
from Willapa Harbor and schooner Wing
and Wing forty-two <ia5's from Port Had
lock.
The chances are that th* entire fleet
will make port, but some of them will
have hard luck stories to telL In the
case of the Wing and Wing the crew is
sure to be on short commons and they
may even be reduced to a seagull diet the
Fame as some of last winter's fleet had to
resort to.
T. Cassava, a hoseman on chemical en
gine No. 5, had a narrow escape from
Had a Narrow Escape.
The revenue cutter Hugh McCulloch
was also out in .the storm. On December
19 she was caught In a. southeaster and
for twenty-four hours had a hard time of
It. Her decks were swept and cabins
flooded, while during the c"ay not twenty
four knots were logged. Off Grays Har
bor ' the Hugh McCulloch spoke tho
schooner Orient, "all well."
Revenue Cutter In Gale.
The schooner barge Washongal, over
which bo much anxiety was felt, arrived
in port last nigrht. She left Portland in
tow of the tug Sampson fourteen days
ago and on December 12 the towboat's
crankshaft broke and the barjee had to
be cut adrift. Later the Sampson waa
towed Into port by the PoinT Arena.
Nothing, however, was heard from- the
Washongal until last night.
In the meantime the Sampson had been
repaired and, started out to look for her.
The tug Monarch was also on the search
and at 3 p. m. yesterday picked up the
barge, while* ten minutes later the Samp
son showed up. An agreement was
reached between the three captains, the
result being- that the Monarch gave up
her tow and the Sampson brought th9
Washongal In.
Barge "Washongal Arrives.
damage was done. The collier was to
have gone on to Port Los Angeles, but
instead she put In here to trim cargo and
pet a new 6upply of provisions. This
work was speedily done and she sailed
again yesterday afternoon for the south.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Per Br stmr Strathgyle— On Dec 9, lat 42 13
N. Ion 73 09 E, saw a topmast and topsail yard
painted yellow.
EMPIRE CITY. Dec 23— The schr Gem re
ports seeing yesterday about 50 miles west a
small schooner bottom up, painted white and
clean bottom. Probably one of the Ooqullle
River "fieet. ;
SEATTLE, Dec 23— The stmr Chas D Lane,
bound from Falrhaven for Guayaquil, experi
enced a heavy gale on' Dec 19. Heavy seas
washed over her and carried away two life
boats. Jettisoned deck load. Pumps would not
work and Bteering' gear got disabled. Returned
to Seattle for repairs.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 23, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind. NE, velocity 10 miles.
DOMESTIC
HONOLULU— Arrived .Dec 10-Stmr ; Albion,
hence Nov 27.
BANDON— Arrived • Deo 23— S«hr Conflanza,
hence Dec 16. - '
ASTORIA— Arrived Dee 23— Br ship Lnclpara,
from Port Los Angeles; Ital ship Dora, from
Samaran?. . -- ¦ - • .• . -
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Dec 23— Schr Tar
ester, from Port Ttawnsend.
COOS BAT— Arrived Dec 23-^Schrs Gem and
Ivy,' hence . Dec 12. : ' • . ,• "
'-•¦ Sailed Dec 23— Stmr South Coast and bktn
Monitor, for San Francisco. , -
. NEAH BAY— Passed in Dee 23— Ship To
semlte, from Sydney; stmr "Willamette, hence
Dec 20; bktn, Kllkltat, from Honolulu.
SEATTLE— Arrived Deo 23— Stmr Cottage
City, from Skaguay; Br stmr Victorian, from
Table Bay. Dec 22^Stmr Ruth, from Skaguay;
stmr Chas D Lane,' from sea. in distress.
¦ EUREKA— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Eureka, hnn
Dec 22; stmr Lakme, hence Deo 21: schr Yottle
Carson, from San Pedro. ' ' " ' r - - — ¦
I Sailed- Dec 23— Bktn Geo C Perkins and schrs
Maxim and Ida McKay, for San Francisco. .
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Aberdeen,
hence Dec 20. : - * ¦¦ - : ¦¦ >~*M««fcM«3«flgftBS£tlS
- VICTORIA— Arrived Deo 22— Ship America,
hence Dec 7. ¦ iS^HS&Hm&Bi
FOREIGN PORTS.
Br stmr Btrathgyle. Gordon. 46 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 27 days.
Stmr Queen, Thomas. 44 hours from San
Diego and way oorts.
Btmr Fulton, Levinson, B days from Port
land. .
Stmr Matteawan, Croscup. 8 days from Ta
coma; bound to Port Los Angeles; put in for
provisions., < ¦
Stmr San Bias, Irvine, 6H days from Na
nalmo.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, 18 hours from Fort
BrarK.
Stmr Despatch, Johnson, 114 hours from As
toria. ¦ ..-..• ¦- . -
Ptmr Newsboy, AhJstrom,' 22 hours from Fort
Bragg, in tow of tug Rescue.
Schr Vega, Erratt. 20 days from Port Blake-
U S stmr Hugh McCulloch." Coulson, K days
from Port An~eles.
Stmr Bonlta. Nopander, 70 hours from New
port, and way i>orts.
Btmr Navarre, • Peterson, 11 hours from
Bowena Landlns.
SAILED.
Sunday. December 23.
Stmr Matteawan.'-'Croscup, Port Los Angeles,
Schr Nettle Sundbbrg, Larsen. .
Stmr North ¦ Forlc "McLellan, Eureka. .
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Ariro, Olson. Coqullle River.
Ship Slntram. Meyer. Tacoma,
Stmr Chas Nelson. Anderson. • Seattle. ?
Schr Sailor Boy. Nielsen. . ,. -• ; -». .-->;,'. -
Bark Martha Davis. McAlmond. Hllo.
Stmr Mackinaw. , Llttlefleld. Seattle.
Schr Lily. Bottger. Umpqua.
Stmr , Samoa, Jacobs. • Eureka.
Bktn Northwest, . Challeston. San Diego.
MEMORANDUM.
Per U S'stmr Hugh McCulloch— Dec 20. off
Grays , Harbor, spoke schr Orient. .
Per stmr Matteawan. from Tacoma. Dec 23—
On Dec 17, oft Destruction Island, had a. heavy
BSE gale, causing: vessel to shift her cargo to
starboard. : Stove in the port ; lifeboat, * broke
doors and windows, flooded the after cabin and
aid considerable other damage on . deck. ,
MANY COASTERS OVERDUE AND SOME ANXIETY IS FELT OVER A NUMBER OF THEM
NOTE— The high ar.d low waters occur at tha
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
flve -minute* later than at Fort Point; tit*
height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Lew
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Publlabed by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Cause of Aaronson's Death.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— By an autopsy
performed on the body of Oscar Aaronson.
the six-day bicyclist, to-day, it waa found
that he had died from pneumonia, instead
of injuries from the fall he had In tha
Madison Square Garden race. He con
tracted pneumonia, however, during tha
race.
Tom Ryan and his friends put a big
crimp in the ring last Saturday over the
win of Vincitor. It Is rumored the Illinois
owner conditioned the Brutus horse for
the race. That lends quite another shade
to the outsider's victory, and if Mr. Boots
would engage a competent trainer he
would put an end to a lot of uncompli
mentary gossip Rbout the running of
horses from the Elmwood farm stable.
The United States Court
Has awarded the Anheuser-Busch Brewing
A6«'n absolute and exclusive use of the name
BUDWEISER, and nil other brewers who have
used that name have been , defeated and com
pelled to drop It., B. G. Lyona Co., San Fran
cIbco, Wholesale Dealer.
Handball Games.
At the San Francisco handball courts
yesterday the following matches were
played:
¦W. F. Btapfl and F. "W. Stapff.. ........ .21— 19— il
W. D. Carlisle and W. Darneal 15— 21— ?8
A. Jacoby and F. Connor........ 21— 21— 19— 17— V.
E. Levene and Joseph Raphael.. 10— 1J— 21— 21— 12
O. McDonald and Jim McDonald 21—21—11
M. McNeil and L. Carraine 20—18—15
G. B. Hayward and G. Magulrs 21— 16— n
E. "White and R. Hausman 13—21—14
J. Condon and T. Foley.... 15—21—21
A. McVlcker and T. Leach 21—12—18
It.'Hau8man and G. Maajuln 1 * 21 — 21 — 21
J. Nelson and B. White 17—13—19
M. Levy and W. Fisher — 21 — 21 — 21
M. Basch and M. Joyce. 9—18—19
J. C. NeUon «nd R. Llnehan .....21—21—21
M. J. KllKallon and A. Hampton 15—12—18
M. Mag-ulre .21—21
H. Curley 20—20
J. C. Nealon. 21—21
A. Hampton 13—16
Sunday at Park and Beach.
Preparations for the Christmas festival
evidently occupied a majority of the peo
ple yesterday. Small crowds passed tha
Sabbath at the park and beach, however,
and got as much enjoyment out of the
day as the chilly weather would permit.
A gathering of merry youngsters en
joyed the generosity of Santa Claus at
the Chutes and spent a day In fairyland.
At Sutro baths the visitors were enter
tained by the aquatic contests, tho re
sults of which follow:
Fifty-yard race — H. Hlenes first. H. Lank In
second. Under water Bwimmlni— C, Lengli
first, H. Lubln second. Tub race — A. James
first. M. Johnson second. J. Rlley third. , On«
hundred yard race— T. Wallace first. P.
Loomin second. Springboard divine — C. Car
roll first. L. Wilson second. High dlTins— W.
Stcckton first, J. Wilson second.
REVOKE BOXING PERMITS^
tion by Recent Fatality.
Police of Philadelphia Stirred to Ac-
A man isn't necessarily a gardener be
cause he i3 able to remove a widow's
weeds. ..;". ;' .
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 23.— As a result
of the fatal termination of the amateur
bout last night at the Philadelphia Ath
letic Club between Joseph Kelly and Ed
ward Sanford. who fought under the
name of Frank Barr, boxing contests
have been prohibited for the present by
the police authorities.
: Director of Public Safety English to-day
issued an order to the police to the effect
that all permits for sparring ccmtests
heretofore Issued are- revoked, and that
no more permits will be granted for the
same for the present, and that the police
8 re instructed to prohibit sparring exhi
bitions until further notice. There are
quite a number of athletic clubs in this
city where boxing contests, both amateur
and professional, were held, six rounds
being the limit prescribed by law.
The exact cause of Sanford's death will
not be made public by the Coroner until
the Inquest Is held to-morrow. The re
port that' his skull was fractured Is er
roneous. Frank Henderson, manager of
the club, who acted as referee, was to
day released on J1000 security. Kelly and
the seconds of both boxers are still in
custody, being held without ball to await
the action of the Coroner's jury.
SAYS HE IS IN" FINE FORM.
Tod Sloan confirms the report that he
will ride In the Christmas handicap. When
seen last night at the Palace Hotel the
little Jockey was playing pool, although
he had to balance himself on his toes
at every shot. He declared himself as
being exceedingly gratified at the chance
of steering a winner over the Tanforan
track.
"I shall be glad to be riding again," he
Bald, "and am looking forward to dolns
good work with my mount. I fe$l In line
trim for what Is left of the season, and
hope to show that I am still in my old
form."
"I hope my reappearance will give sat
isfaction to my friends and silence my
enemies," was Sloan's summing up of
what he wishes for Cnrlstmas.
MTLITTAME1T HAVE TH Klit
ANNUAL SKIRMISH SHOOT
First Regiment Perforates Targets in
an Endeavor to Win a Hand
some Banner.
Two hundred and* six members of the
First Regiment, N. G. C. assembled at
the ; Presidio yesterday and Indulged in a
skirmish or silhouette shoot. This rifle
drill Is an annual affair, and a trophy is
presented to the company making the
largest score, provided 80 per cent of its
members participate. On the occasion of
the last skirmish flre drill the trophy, a
handsome silk banner, was won by Com
pany M of Los Angeles. The banner be
comes the property of the company win
ning it three times.
Eleven companies of the First Regiment
shot yesterday, making the following
scores:
Company A. Captain Bolllnser. 22 men, 138;
Company B, Captain Sturdlvant, S men, 82;
Company C, Captain Pettey. 26 men, 415; Com
pany D, Lieutenant McGurrln, 17 men. 183;
Company E, Captatn Robinson, 25 men, 170;
Company F, Captain Nlppert, 14 men, 340;
Company O, Captain Swasey, 21 men. Ml; Com
pacy H, Captain Warren. 10 men, 79; Com
pany I, Captain Moore, 23 men, 219; Company
tip Lieutenant Curzon, 22 men, 2S5; Company
M, Captain Wall, 21 men, 261.
Each member of ' the company firing
was furnished with twenty cartridges,
and the time required to dispose of this
ammunition ranged from ten to seven
teen minutes. The targets were life-size
figures, one standing, the second kneel
ing and the third lying down. ,
TOD SLOAN, Johnny Coleman,
James V. Coleman, Dick Dwyer.
Charles Fair, et al., rushed the
live bird season at a shoot yes
terday on the Inpleside traps.
From east and west, north and south the
crowd congregated to see the jockey who
was In England and the bookmaker
sportsman kill birds on the wager of a
dinner and other things. The crowd was
disappointed, although it saw James To.l
hunter In shooting ne- and heard Johnny
Coleman sing to the birds, one of which
was of the jail variety— its left foot hav
ing been encased In a ball of mud. which
prevented ready flight and made the bird
an easy mark for the bookmaker's gun.
The disappointment came in the post
ponement of the match between Coleman
and Sloan. A plethoric presence of live
bird experts was the reason of It. Every
body wanted to shoot on all conditions
and for all sorts of prizes, so Colemin
and Sloan graciously withdrew, leaving
the traps open for a general slaughter by
Bounding Belle beat Forgive, Scotch Reel
beat Leah, Delia M beat Glen Roy, Glen
Chloe beat Bagpipe.
Third round— Cash In beat Miss Manila,
Thunderbolt beat Bounding Belle. Scotch
Reel beat Delia M. Glen Chloe a bye.
Fourth round — Cash In beat Thunder
bolt, Scotch Reel beat Glen Chloe. »
Final— Cash In beat Scotch Reel.
There "will be a 48-dog stake on Christ
mas day. Some of the best dogs are
entered, and a big attendance is expect
ed. The park Is In fine condition.
The following drawing for the Christ
mas day stake of the Pacific Coursing
Club took place to-night: Sea Wave vs.
Fair Glen: Terronlte vs. Buxton: Hartl
wist vs. Joker; Her Highness vs. Fire
Fly; Delia M vs. Miss Manila: Bill Faster
vs. Thunderbolt; Fair Lily vs. Sally
Brass: Forgive vs. Sky Blue: Terry Mc-
Govern vs. Allesander; Craig Boy vs. Tap
Out: Very Interesting vs. Glen Boy: Cash
In vs. Slim; Bounding Belle vs. Bag Pipe;
Leah vs. Prince Hal; Sandow vs. Sarah
Gold; Alarm vs. Arno: Sonoma Belle vs.
Just in Time; Danger vs. Manila: Lu
cretia Borgia vs. Montana Jack: Scotch
Reel vs. Black Daisy; Cash Day vs.
Wheel of Fortune. v
which resulted in another tie, darkness
finally preventing completion. The score:
Coleman \. 11 2 11 0—5
Jackson 1 0 111-
Sloan ...2 2222M
Nauman : 2 2 2 2 1 2—6
Sloan 2 12 2 2 2—6
Nauman .v.~..;....l 2 111 2—6
Following are the scores of the four
teen-entry, six-bird race, ten men dividing
$<0: . •
Nauman 2 2 2 2 2 2 — 8
McMurchy , 2 '2221 0— s
Bekeart 2 2 1112—6
Smith 0 0 2 0 0 2—2
Halpht .; 2 12 0 2 2—5
Feudner 2 2 2 2 2 1—6
Hynes 2 1111 1—6
Dwyer 1 2 12 1 2—6
Sweeney '.1 2 110 2—5
G. Jackson 1 11111-6
A. Jackson 1 2 2 2 1 1—6
Donohoe 1 1112 2—6
Sloan 2 2 2 2 2 2—6
Coleman 1 M 1 1 W
•way, all the cracks having entered ex
cept Champion Whitney. Play will be
called at 10:30 Christmas morning, and
the general public Is nlvlted.
the whole company. Many improvised
shoots were then in order. This is the
way they resulted:
In a miss-and-out shoot of thirteen en
tries, Nauman, Bekeart, McMurchy, G.
H. T. (Jackson and Feudner divided $65.
In a ten-bird race, $5 entrance, tw-enty
three entries, McMurchv. -Williamson,
Richard Dwyer. Feudner, Bekeart, G. H.
T.* Jackson, Halght and Sweeney walked
away, each with $15.
Then came the great six-bird race, the
first in which Sloan and Coleman tried
their guns. Slade, Nauman, Bekeart, Mc-
Murchy, Williamson and Sloan divided
first money, Coleman dying after his fifth
bird. . . ¦ • '-
In another six-bird race, twenty entries,
J2 BO entrance fee, Sloan. Coleman, An
drew Jackson, Feudner, Halght, Golcher,
McMurchy, James V. Coleman and G. H.
T. Jackson divided the money.
The last two races were the most in
teresting and exciting. The slx-blrd race,
four entries, brought Sloan and Nauman
Into the stretch and they ran off a tie.
SINGXES TOURNAMENT
ON CALIFOBNIA COURTS
First Rounds of th* Handicap »Christ-
mas Tennis Event Are
Played Off.
The singles handicap tournament of the
California Tennis Club commenced yea
terday morning with twenty players to
battle for the four prizes. The preliminary
matches and the first and second rounds
were played off, leaving the semi-finals
and finals for Christmas day. The four
remaining successful players who are
In the semi-finals are H. W. Crowell, John
O'Brien, Drummond McGavln and Grant
Smith. $
Several surprises were furnished. Tho
first was the defeat of Rob Whitney, the
veteran, by a coming player, Al Koscn
berg. Then Merle Johnson was put out
of the running by Crowell. Adams waa
picked as a sure winner, only to fall be
fore the determined play of, Drummond
McGavin.
The first match In the preliminary round
was between John O'Brien and Joseph
Mayhew. O'Brien allowed Mayhew 15,
and beat him 6-3, 6-0. W. B. Collier gave
Augustus Taylor owe V4-15 and 15, : and
defeated him 4-6, 6-2, 1-2 (def.). Drum
mond McGavin received the odds of
owe *4-15 from Dick Adams, and beat him
rather easily, 6-2. 6-1. " J. A. Code ?ave
Paul Jones 4-6 of 15. and defeated . him
In a hard contest, 6-7, 6-3, 6-3.
In the first round F. J. Lave gave Rob
ert Reid 15 and defeated him 6-3, 6-0.
H. W. Crowell, owe H-15. defeated M.
Johnson In a three-set match, 4-6,(7-5,6-2.
David Painter defeated Harry Weihe by
default. John O'Brien received 15 and
owe %-15 from Collier, and defeated him,
3-6, 6-0, 8-6. Drummond McGavin gave J.
A. Code 4-6-15, and won, 6-1. 7-6. Hodgkln
son gave Charles Kuehn 30, and defeated
him, 6-0, 6-2. Grant Smith, owe &-15, gave
Ray Cornell 4-6-15, and won, 6-4, 6-8. Al
Rosenberg defeated Rob Whitney, owe 15,
6-2, 6-1.
.In tho second round Crowell, owe %-15,
grave F. J. Lane 15, and beat him, 9-7, 6-2.
John O'Brien gave David Painter 15, and
beat him, S-6, 2-6, 6-2. Drummond Mc-
Gavin met Hodgklnson on even terms,
and defeated him in one of the best con
tests of the day. McGavin won, 7-5, 9-7.
McGavin, Is playing the best game he
ever put up. His drives are marvels of
speed and accuracy, and he kills lobs
with terrific smashes. The last match of
the day was between Grant Smith, owe
Ms-15, and Al Rosenberg. Rosenberg won
the first set easily, 6-4, and In the second
had a lead of 5-3 only to lose it, 7-5.
Smith won the third and last set easily,
6-1.
The tournament, is a Buccess In every
TOD SLOAN, JOHNNY COLEMAN, DICK DWYER AND A NUMBER OF OTHER LIVE-BIRD SHOTS PASSED THE
SUNDAY IN ACTIVE GUN COMPETITION AT THE TRAPS. " THERE WERE MANY EXCITING INCIDENTS
AND SOME BETTING IN THESE BIRD RACES.
Match Race Did Not Eventuate, but Improvised
Contests Made Up the Day's Programme.
Koenigs 4, Alamedas 4.
Thirteen Innings of baseball and no re
sult, darkness having come upon the field
to prevent a settlement of what was the
fastest, closest game of baseball seen on
the Recreation grounds in many a long
day. The Koenigs and the Alamedas dis
tinguished themselves yesterday, and pro
fessionals might have taken a* lesson from
the gingery, snappy game that resulted
from the clash of these two teams.
For four Innings the game was error
less. Then Van Haltren, he of New York,
misjudged a fly way out in center field
and three men scored. When Brockhoft
hit this hot liner there were two of the
Koenigs in the cemetery. Brockhoff went
to third on his effort and scored soon
after on a hit. This play of Van's gave
the Koenigs their only runs.
In the ninth inning the Alamedas tied
the score, and from that stage of the
game until the end the playing was fast
and brilliant. W. Hammond and Dun
leavy, fresh from Montana, wore the Ala
meda uniform. The score:
KOEXIGS,
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Collin9, 2b 5 0 0 16 8 0
Knell, rf 5 0 10 10 0
Eager, c 5 10 0 7 3 1
D. Bodie, s. a 4 10 0 4 8 1
J. Bodie. 3b 5 12 0 0 10
Brockhoff, If S 12 0 2 0 0
Keoghan. lb 6 0 2 0 16 1 3
McGee, cf «. 6 0 10 18 0
Perrine, p 5 0 0 0 14 0
Total 47 4-8 1 »3S 23 5
ALAMEDAS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
W. Hammond, lb 6 0 0 0 12 1 1
Van Haltren, cf 6 1 3 1 3 0 1
Britt, If 5 0 10 3 0 1
Dunleavy, 2b 6 0 2 0 6 5 1
C. Russell, p 5 110 3 4 0
Goldsworthy, . s. s 4 0 0 0 2 2 1
Schroeder, rf 4 10 2 0 0 0
Simpson. 3b 5 0 1 13 4 1
J. Hammond, c 5 1118 2 0
Total 45 4 9 5 t33 IS «
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Alamedas 1 000001110000—4
Base hits 2 00000121110 1-9
Koenigs 0 00400000000 0—4
Base hits 0 00302000110 1— S
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Perrine 2, Russell 4.
Three-base hit— Brockhoff. Two-base hits— Van
Haltren 2. Dunlevy 2. J. Bodie, Brltt. Sacrifice
hit — Knell. First baae on errors — Koentgs 6.
Alameda 4. First base on called balls — Koenlg
3, Alameda 4. Left on basee — Koenlg 11. Ala
meda 7. Struck out— By Perrine 5, by Russell
6. Hit by pitcher— Collins. Double play—Col
lins to D. Bodie. Passed ball— Eager. Time
of game — 2:13. Umplre^ — John O'Connell. Scorer
— J. W; Stapieton.
•Go*ldsworthy out for interfering with catch
er's throw.
tKeoghan out for McGee's interfering with
thrown ball.
Baseball at Oakland.
The Nobles defeated the Golden Gates
yesterday afternoon by a score of 6 to 4.
The game was hotly contested from start
to finish. Joe Thomas made his debut
with the Golden Gates and covered third
base. Denny Shea's catching was above
the average. Following la the score:
¦ GOLDEN GATES.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Thomas, 2b 2 0 0 1 « 2
Pllvey, es 6 0 1 a S J
Clynes, c. f 4 10 10 1
Ayden, r. f 4 10 10 0
Mitchell. 1. f. & ss 4 1 1 S 0 0
Peralta.. e 3 116 2 0
P. Carroll, lb S 0 1 » 0 0
Scanlon, 2b 3 0 0 2 2 1
McMenomy, p 3 0 0 2 2 0
Totals 31 4 4 27 9 8
XOBLES.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Walters, r. f., 4 110 0 0
Beaton, c. f.... 3 12 0 0 0
Jagreer. 1. f 2 12 2 0 0
, Barry, lb 3 10 7 0 0
Swartz. 2b 4 1 1 11 1
Carroll, ss 3 0 2 2 2 i
D. Shea, c 3 1 0 10 2 1
Kelley, 3b 4 0 13 0 0
i J. Shea, p 3 0 12 8 0
Totals 29 6 10 27 8 3
Time of game— 2 hours. Three-base hit—Bea
ton. Two-base hit— Beaton. Umpire— Lou Har
i die.
Darkness Shuts Out a Conclusion of
a Match That Was Exceed
ingly Brilliant and
Koenigs and Alamedas in
Thirteen Inning Unde
cided Game.
FASTEST KIND
OF CLOSE BALL
F. Jones' Wedgewood romped through
the big 12S dog open stake at L'nion Cours
ing Park yesterday, beating Lady Claire
In the deciding course of an event v;hich
from start to finish was interesting and
productive of high-class sport.
In adding another victory to his list
Wedgewood has strengthened his reputa
tion as a clever and hard-working per
former and a record-making youngster.
ThoiiRh in his Fixth course but four points
were made against him end on three OQca
sions he kejit his opponents from scoring
at all, Wedgewood seemed to be In dan
ger several times, but went In with great
dash and energy, and would not be denied
the kill. In the nnal.' Lady Claire could
have evened the score had she got the kill,
but the youngster was too determined and
beat her to it.
Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead was the
pood thing of the day. Three times on
the short end she upset calculations, out
working the fast Warship In the second
at odds of 7 to 2, and repeating the opera
tion to his kennel mate in the next round
at 4 to 1. In the fourth round of the stake
she got the decision from i-rutus, who
was quoted a 5 to 1 favorite, by her show
of cleverness, scoring 21 to his 18. She is
by Firm Friend-Valley Queen, and is the
only breed of that dam which has shown
grreat cleverness.
Roman Athlete, too, performed well,
showing great speed ai.d strength, and
would have gone further Into the finals
were it -not for a haru go with Beauty
Spot. She bids fair to get to the front as
the top notcher of her kennels. Rocker
and War Eagie were beaten In the semi
final.
The short ends were: Athena beat Rona
at 3 to 1. Vandal beat Spiteful and Ran
dom Aim beat Sir Pasha at 5 to 3 Boney
Boy beat Iowa Boy and Master Lawrence
beat Anchor at 6 to 2; War Eagle beat
Bad Boy 5 to 3, Vandal beat iia-lean
Gladys at 2 to 1, Castaway beat Golden
Russet 3 to 1, Roman Athlete beat Master
Claire 2 to 1. Be: uty Spot beat Forest
King at 5 to 2, and Roman Athlete at 2 to
I; Castaway beat Mose at 5 to 2. and Lady
Claire beat War Eagle at 5 to 4.
The hares, while In good condition, com
menced to show the form for this time
of year and as a result even coursing pre
vailed. Throughout the day not a bye
was run. Lady Claire got secowd place
by general clever work, and her perform
ance adds more credit to Emin Pasha as
a Fire. The days results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Open stake: Second round— Captain Clark
eon's Golden Garter beat H. Lynch's Lottie M.
3-2; Sterl & Knowlea' For Glory beat P. Jaek
pon'B Honor Bright, *-2; Aeneid Kennels'
Athena beat H. H. Gray'c Rona, 10-8; Russell
& Allen's Faithful Lad beat E. M. Kellogg's
Ben'i, Babe. 1-1; F. Jones' Harlean Gladys beat
J. Sutton's Herschel's Pride. 5-1; F. Jones'
Wedgewood teat J. Keenan's Lady Sears. 8-1;
T. J. Cronin's Vandal beat Ruesell & Allen's
Spiteful. 4-0; F. Jones' Tom Hurllck beat J.
Fkan's Gallant, 6-0; George Nethercott's Flood
gate beat T. J. Cronin's Vixen, 4-0; R. L. Tay
lor's Mose beat H. A. Deckelman's Belle Rock
et. 13-10: Russell & Allen's Castaway beat Cur
tis & Sons' Cash, 3-2; P. Jackson's Golden
Rufpet beat J. J. Edmonds" Morning Glory,
5-0; F. A. McComb's Little Sister beat Erskine
& Jones' Lavender. 8-2: P. Doyle's Liberator
beat Curtis & Sons' McKinley. 8-6; H. A. Deck-
sured. 6-0; J. Dean's Connemara. beat J. P.
Thrift's St. Michael, 3-2; C. O. Peterson's
Silver Clcud beat Maher & Reid's Uncle Fuller,
4-3: D. J. Healey'a Lady Claire beat RusBell
St. Allen's First Foot. 4-0; Pasha Kennels' Ran
dom Aim beat F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha, 5-3;
J. Smith's Boney Roy beat E. M. Kellogg'B
Iowa Boy, 2-0; Pasha Kennels' May Hemp-
Ftead beat P. J. Reilly'n Warship. 4-S; P. J.
Hel'.ly's The Grafter beat E. Geary's America.
4-3: Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete beat C.
Borar's Wild Norah. 5-4; J. Carroll's Master
Claire beat E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha, 4-0; J.
P. Thrift's Brutus beat T. Tierney'n Lucretia
Borgia. S-5; P. Reilly's Cascade beat Russell
&- Allen's Ptrayaway. 7-6: James Sheridan's
Forest King beat E. M. KellogK's Sweet Emma,
14-6: R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot beat P. J.
Rc-llly*e Peter West, 2-0; Curtis & Sons' War
Eagle beat Maher & Reid's Bad Boy, 3-2; J.
Sut ton's Master Lawrence beat Curtis & Eons'
Anchor. R-4; Curtis & Sons' Roslnante beat
Aeneid Kennels' Athena, 7-5; J. Smith's Mae-
King. 6-0.
Third round— For Glory beat Golden Garter.
7-2: Faithful Lad beat Athena. 7-1; Vandal
beat Harlean Gladys, 4-0; "U'edEewood beat
Floodgate. 4-0; Mose beat Tom Hurliclc, 6-J;
Castaway beat Oolden Russet. 7-6; Little Sis
ter beat Liberator, 4-1; Rocker beat Conne
mara. 7-1; Lady Claire beat Silver Cloud, i-0;
Random Aim beat Boney Boy, 4-2; May Hemp
stead beat The Grafter, 8-4: Roman Athlete
beat Master Claire. 6-3: Brutus beat Cascade.
4-1. Beauty Spot beat Forest King. 8-6; War
Eagrle beat Master Lawrence, 5-0; Master Work
man beat Roslnante, 9-2.
Fourth round— For Glory beat Faithful Lad,
5-3; Wed^ewood beat Vandal, 8-0; Castaway
beat Mow. 6-4; Rocker beat Little Sister. 5-2;
Lady Claire beat Random Aim. 11-7; May
Hemp«tead beat Brutus. 21-12; Beauty Spot beat
Itorran Athlete, 6-0; War Eagle beat Master
Workman. 3-1.
Fifth round— Wed^ewood beat For Glory,' 8-0;
Rocker beat Castaway. 13-7; Lady Claire beat
May Hempstead. 6-0; War Eagle beat Beauty
Spot. 4-1.
Sixth round— Wedpewood beat Rocker, 8-1;
Lady Claire beat War Eagle. 4-0.
Deciding course— Wedgewood beat Lady
Claire, fi-2. '
Goodwater Grove.
STOCKTON COURSING.
Cash In Gets the Stake Money at
STOCKTON', Dec. 23.-Rcsults of the
coursing at the Pacific Coursing Club at
Goodwater Grove to-day are:
First round — Cash In beat Cash Day,
Pink of Fashion beat Low Shake, Prince
of Fashion beat Prince Hal, Miss Manila
beat Red Dick, Thunderbolt beat Alles
ander, Terronlte beat Sea Wave, Bound
lnp Belle beat Wheel of Fortune. Forgive
beat Arno. Leah beat Magnesia, Scotch
Reel beat Fair Glen. Glen Roy beat Black
Marcus, Delia M beat Joker, Bagpipe beat
Arion, (lien Chloe beat Fire Fly.
Second round — Cash In beat Pink of
Fashion. Miss Manila beat Prince of
Fashion. Thunderbolt beat , Terronite,
Patrons Are Treated to a Card of Good
Sport— Even Coursing
and Not a Bye
Run.
Beats Lady Claire in the
Big Event at Union
Coursing Park.
WEDGEWOOD AGAIN
A STAKE WINNER
Now that Tod Sloajn has been granted a
license by the San Francisco Jockoy
Club the iittle man of many episodes will
appear in the saddle at Tanforan Park on
Christmas day. In the lace of the recent
muss on the English turf and the action
of the California Jockey Club in uphold
ing: the action of the racing stewards o;i
the other side one must doff his hat to the
management of the San Ma.UK) County
track for its daring in the way of adver
tising. Tod will prove a very strong
drawing card ar.d will sport the colors of
Waltor Jennings on Vesuvian in the han
dicap. Although now in trouble the dimin
\jtivt- rider'* niany victories on the Eng-
Usn and French turf J.ave made for him
many friends and he will be the recipient
of a" warm reception.
Clem Jenkins, a California boy who has
earned fame and dollars by his splendid
work in the saddle both on the Eastern
and Er-glteh tracks, dropped -into town
Saturday night. Jenkins went East last
*;>rir.K to ride for J. M. Murphy, whose
firing is trained by the veteran W. H.
Kopers. On several occasions horses
from the stable performed peculiarly,
t rodit fcr which was given to Clem, and
at one time the Caliloxr.ian w-as under
suspicion. Later he wjis exonerated and
now- that the matter is a thine of the
past boldly says Rogers ran the hor^.'s
¦short" and that he knows positively W.
H. Cheppu. a bookmaker, laid against
:hrm. On the day Tower of Candles was
badly beaten last summer Jenkins state3
he knew the nlly was in no condition to
race and once thought of so informing thi
Ft t wards. He failed to do so. however,
and was raked over the coals in great
phape by the Eastern critics for her show
ir.K. The California boy's reputation was
always pood when riding here, as his ex
cellent record of winning mounts will at
test.
After obtaining his release from Mur
nhy. Jenkins crossed the water to ride for
the South African millionaire Curtis. The
latter turfman did not care to pay much
for the services of a good rider, so Jen
kins signed to pilot the horses owned by
Prince Soltykoff. He scored a hit, and
will return to England in February- to
ride for the Prince next season. Clem
said his first mount at Newmarket was
astride Ed Corrlgan's mare Sardonic, and
he succeeded in beating out Goosander a
neck, ridden by Sammy Loates. He was
a brand new one to the Englishmen, who
efked as he returned to dismount, "what
Moody twister was that?"
Racing Secretary Power appears to be
the right man in the right place. The
card to-day would be difficult to excel.
Some daS's ago when Tuthill won at
Tar.foran. a big "killing" was made in
the down town and out of town pool
rooms.
The following horse? have been left In
the Christmas handicap. The riders
given will in most cases be up on the
hnrses named below, but as there are a
few doubtful starters, some changes may
be looked for.
Hors» and Weight — Jockey.
ITjerved.)
Advance Guard, US Pevin
Vwuvlan. US Ploan
Ransror. 115 Eullman
Andrisa, 115 Mounce
Mhiit-er-Lnu, 115 -TCllty
Or^yfpld. 113 --•• • Dangman
fionfsJon, 113
The Ladr. Ill Berren
Edflie Jone«. 119 Jones
Vir.dtor. 110 Turner
Fcal«. 10S O-Conncr
I^avator. 106
The Fretter, 103
Imperious, 1051 LL' '.
Malar, 104 S J- Woods
Florizar. V'S "
Or^nock. 1"4 » Bums
P-x>«-!fle 10« Domlnlck
Mortrair^, !>? Coburn
lyvochee. 1* *. Martin
The three pound* per.alty hag been ad
<3p<1 to Locochee, The Lady, Andrlsa and
Greyfeld.
Following are to-day's entries.
(Corrrlfhted. 1300, by W. A. Martin. All rights
Flrrt rare— One mile and a half: tnre*-year-
nrFt raf» — On» mile ana a nan: mm ¦ yemr
clif end upward; purse.
(»:.T3)Liocoeh«e ...• 103 US* Florlsw P6
MM The Bobby .... l c Ul7S)Bangor 112
U3 Acrobat 106
Pfwnii race — One mile and an eighth; three
yrar-nldF and upward; sellinR.
:.".n Por.ator 1^ t5H Lothian 104
ir.13 Tcpraaet 107 U13 Campoi V.104
1513 Koenip 104 V£\ Llmellicht lfll
14SS Morinel 1"» 1131 Owensboro 101
i;i« Plohn SSl
Third race— Six furlong"; two-year-olds and
ujward; Ownert* handlcar*.
'4«<! Kenilworth .... M, 14SJ Meehanus FS
(1471)Thc-oo- S3| 1446 Hermoso S6
Frurth rare — One mile; two-year-olds and
upward; puree.
191 Tflamon FT| YAS Bam Fullen ....113
1U.J Free Lance 12J! 1ST7 Galanthui H
Fifth race — Six and a half furlongs; three
yar-nids and upward; purse.
till Pupil 1C2 1497 Pomplno 99
1431 Del Rio W 14M Gold Or 102
(14K0Bathr* 1PJ 1516 Ordnunf »9
<1MVS i Headwater 104 1493 Gibraltar 107
O4A4>r>anK's Maid... 94 1S39 True Blue 91
lZ2b Fcbruar>' M
fixth race — S*ven and a half furlongs: maws,
thr»*-y*ar-olde and upward; selling.
or^Alan lW.i ir.24 Coming Event.. 9%
14<iS Dolly T\ - rtthoff.lf3: 1£1« Mocortto ".103
1490 Tor* Ida 103 1 H72 Jtmrl* Jingle.. .103
ir.27 Mitten W| HT2 Enlp« 104
Tf.3 Twt'kie Twink-IM! 14IS L'arda. 104
li:i L<3y Meddlee>.ao4i
Probable Winners.
Flrrt race— Banfor, Locochee. Florizar.
Second race— Koen'.r. Campus. Morinel.
Third race — KenHworth, Theory, Hermo«o.
Fourth race — Telamon. Galantbus, Earn Fal
len.
Fifth race— True Blue, Headwater. Gold Or.
Sixth race — I^&dy Meddlesome. Alas, Dolly
¦We'thoff
Some Experiences on the Eng-
Clein Jenkins Arrives and Tells of
lish Turf— To-Day's
Entries.
Sloan Has Accepted Mount
on Vesuvian in Stake
To-Morrow.
TOD TO APPEAR
IN THE SADDLE
Many members of various shooting or
ganizations gathered in force yesterday at
Sh'ell Mound range to participate in the
last shoot of the year. The shoot was
important from the fact that the *cores
of the day determined the winners in the
different events, William Dressier of the
Red Men's Schuetzen Company made the
top score of the year in the champion
class. In the evening the Golden Gate
Pistol and Kifle Club gave a banquet, at
which valuable prizes were awarded to
successful contestants.
Ferdinand Rust made a dead center in
the bullieye shoot of the Germania
Schuetzen Club, a feat that has been per
formed heretofore but once, that time- by
N. Ahrens. Kust won a diamond locket
for the best Bhot made during the year.
The scores of the day follow:
Red Men 8chuetxen Company in monthly
medal ghoot: Champion cla««. William L>res»
ler 411; rlrst class. P. 11. ItJirU 231; »«<«ad c.aj«.
J. A. Mohr 332; third class. »i«rg« Warner
334- fourth class. Louis liern*t#-'a *.-: Mat Hr»t
shot. Captain Henry Ortcb li best U»t shot.
Final award* of th« year of tU» R*d Men's
Schuetzen Company; Champion cUss. WlMam
Dressier; first class. P. II. KuISj; second clasj.
Captain Henry Grieb; third class. 8*:huetzen
raeUter George Wagner; fourU» clasa. LouU
Bernstein; beat first and last shots. \V UlJam
•Dressier.
Monthly ihoot with th« rlfla, at 200 yard j.
of Company A. Fifth Infantry. N. O. C: A.
R. Thelm 40; A. K. Thelin. W; Sergeant Poul
ter, 37; Corporal Poulter. 37; Corporal York. 40;
P S. Gllman 34; C. Smith. 43; Private Wln
kind, 23; Private Francis, 36; Private Jone».
$5; Private MacClood, 36; Sergeant Fait, 41;
Private Orton. 29; Private Lancaster, U; Pri
vate Cook. 12; Private Junker, SO; Privata
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club: All-oom
ers' pistol match (90)— I* Brady. 84, 16; M. J.
White. 87. Revolver— J. C. Gorman. 84, S3.
First class trophy, rifle— A. B. Darrell. til;
gold medal— F. E. Mason, 231; A. B. Darrell.
213: J. F Bridges. S15; E. Woanne. 150. Silver
medal— O. Tammeyer, 2U0; \V. K. Blaase. 154.
187; II. F. Blaise. 163. 171; H. Hinkel, IS".
The prize-winners for the year In the
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club were as
follows;
Bushnell trophy. D. W. MeLaughlln.
229 236. 223, 231, 232, 230, 223, 259, 229, 230; to
tal, 2313. Second prize, F. E. Mason. 223,
232, 229, 232, 230, 200, 234, 223, 229. 230; total;
2303. Third prize. Dr. I* O. Rodger*. 220.
219. 224. 221. 219, 221, 225. 221, 223. 223; total.
2220.
In the first rifle class for members only
C. M. Henderson won first prize, a loving
cup presented by D. W. McLaughlin. wlfh
scores of 223. 224, 222, 219, 219. 225. 213, 222.
226. 225; total. 2223. Second prize, presented
by Dr. L. O. Rodgers, won by A. B. Dar
rell. 221. 216. 219, 219, 22i), 225, 220, 225, 213.
214; total. 2107.
In the second rifle dass^/open to mem
bers only, first prize, presented by F. E.
Mason, was won. by George Tammeyer,
with scores of 203, 209, 205, 217, 211. 215, 203,
205, 210, 215; total, 2101 Second prize, pre
sented by T. C. Belknap, won by J. Itull
mann, with, scores of 205, 199. 206, 205, 135.
212, 20S. 197. 1S9, 200; total, 2C23.
Siebe pistol trophy, open to all comers,
won by J. E. Gorman, 97, 95, 83, 97, 96, 94,
66, 95, 95, 93; total, 95L Second prize. M.
J. White. 91. 92, 92. 91. 83. 91. 83, i»d. S3. 9a;
total. 90S.
First prize in first class, open to mem
bers only, was won by C. M. Henderson,
84, 89, SI. 78, 82, 79, SO, W>, 83. 89: total. SIS.
Second prize, J. F. Bridges, 83, 80. 78. *1, 76.
72, 80, 73, 86. 72; total. 7SS. \
Prize offered by EL X. Moore for best
ten scores with revolver won by J. E.
Gorman. 92, 83, 90, 90, 91, 89, 85, S7, 91, &>;
total, 904.
The King medal was won, by F. E. Ma
son, -who made, the best bullseye shot. F.
Henderson, was second.
Monthly medal shoot, Norddeutscher
Verein:
First champion class, not won: second
champion class. A. Marker. 427; first cla--*-.
D. SalSeld. 403; second class, not v.-o:i;
third class, not won; fourth class, Wil
liam Doell, S47; best first shot. J. D.
Heiss. 24; best last shot. H. Huber. 23. I
Bullaeye shoot of Germania Schuetzen
Club: F. Rust, dead center; T. P. Schus
ter, 212; N. Anrena, 220; F. Brandt, 273;
R. Stettin, 407; W. Goetze. 440: L. Haake.
508; D. B. Faktor. 62S; J. T. Bridges, 738;
H. Zecher. 808; J. D. Helse, 802; F. E.
Morken. 939: W. Garms, 968.
Bullseye shoot of San Francisco Schuet
ten Vereln: John D. Helse, 324; John C.
Waller. 276; K. Werthelmer. 410: O.
Lemcke. 452; O. Burmeister, 4(3; M. Apza
roth, 487; D. B. Faktor. 4S8; F. Pape>. 600;
\V. Gllnderman, 616; \V. Goetze. 662: A.
Morker, 662; D. Salfleld, 666; A. H. Pape,
710; E. Goetze, 731; A. Gemaxre, 733; N.
Ahrcns, 843; J. Beuttler, 852; T. Brandt.
900; G. Schultze, 914; William Ehrenpfort.
Ferdinand Rust Makes Dead Center
in .the Bullseye Shoot of the
German Schuetzen
Club.
Rifle Organizations Gather
in Force at Shell
Mound.
HOLD LAST SHOOT
OF THIS YEAR
SLOAN AND COLEMAN AND OTHERS
OF THE COMPANY AT THE TRAPS
AT TRAPS AND RIFLE RANGES AND ON COURSING FIELD AND DIAMOND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1900.
PORTS.
6
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
Xom» City.. Seattle 24. 10 am Pier 20
Neko Hambfr & Wy Dec 14 Pier 27
8. Portland. Ast'la & Ptld Dec. 24. 6 pm Pier 23
Pomona Humboldt ... Dec. 24, 3 pm Pier 9
Columbia... Portland Dec u. 11am Pier 24
Bonlta.. Newport Dec. 23. Sam Pier 11
Mandaday.. Coqullle Rlv.. Dec. 25. 10 am Pier 2
Arcata Coos - Bay Dec 23. 12 m Pier 13
Senator Seat. &. Alas.. Dec. 28, 9 am Pier 9
Empire Coos Bay Doc. 26. 12 m Pier 13
Zealandla... Honolulu .... Dec 26. 2 pm Pier 11
Queen San Dle&o.... Dec M, Sam Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt ... Dec. 27. 9 am Pier 13
Rainier Seat. & N. W Dec 27. 5 pm Pier 2
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor Dec 27, Pier 3
State of Cal Vic & P K t Sd Dec 27, U am Pier »
R. Dollar..: Seat. & Tac. Dec 27. 5 pm Pier —
3. Barbara. .Humboldt ... Dec 27. 10 am Pier 2
Colon — ...J Pan. & Way Dec 23. 12 m PMSS
Corona...... Newport .... Dec 2S. 9 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.., Point Arena.. Dec. 23. I pm Pier 2
Amer:Maru China & Jap. Dec. 29, 1 pm PMSS
3. Elder Ast'ia & Ptld Dec 29.. 11 am Pier 24
Steamer.
Prom.
I Due,
A'ashtenaw .... Taeoma.. T>tc *j
Robert Dollar.. Seattle. ; Dec j.j
Gamier Seattle & New Whatcom Dec *<
jiRce Dollar .. Grays Harbor Deo 2.
ilval.... Wlllapa Harbor D««c 2<
City.. Crescent City.... D*c 2<
Del Norte- Portland and Coos Bay. Dec 2
umpire Coos Bay Dee jj
Vrcata Coos Bay..-. Vtxu Z,
'an Jose ....... Acapulco Deo. jj
Eureka ........ Humboldt Dec 15
tanta : Barbara. San Pedro Dec it
)..W. Elder ... PorUand...... Decl a
rorona ......... Newport.. Dec. 2<
)anta Roaa .... San Dteco D«c 21
»olnt Arena ... Point Arena. ; D«c V.
D mmej |Ttm«| |Ttoe| [Time
• IH Wl L. W fH W \u W
4 ... l:U 5.0 «.J3i J.O 12:2l 5.«1 7:U— 0
5 ... 2:3 5.1 7:3 t.8 1:17 5.S 7:M — o
8 ... S:07 5.2 8:31 J.5 2:13 4.9 8:40 0
7 ... 3:4S S-« 9:« S.I S:30 4.5 9 28 1
S ... 4:S0 5.5 10:43 l.« 4:51 4.1110^1 1
9 ... 5:15 5.7 11:55 1.0 «:1S 3.9i U 19 2
0 ... 6:0S 6.9 1:02 0.4 7:« 3 8
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
Xom» City.. Seattle 24. 10 am Pier 20
Neko Hambfr & Wy Dec 14 Pier 27
8. Portland. Ast'la & Ptld Dec. 24. 6 pm Pier 23
Pomona Humboldt ... Dec. 24, 3 pm Pier 9
Columbia... Portland Dec u. 11am Pier 24
Bonlta.. Newport Dec. 23. Sam Pier 11
Mandaday.. Coqullle Rlv.. Dec. 25. 10 am Pier 2
Arcata Coos - Bay Dec 23. 12 m Pier 13
Senator Seat. &. Alas.. Dec. 28, 9 am Pier 9
Empire Coos Bay Doc. 26. 12 m Pier 13
Zealandla... Honolulu .... Dec 26. 2 pm Pier 11
Queen San Dle&o.... Dec M, Sam Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt ... Dec. 27. 9 am Pier 13
Rainier Seat. & N. W Dec 27. 5 pm Pier 2
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor Dec 27, Pier 3
State of Cal Vic & P K t Sd Dec 27, U am Pier »
R. Dollar..: Seat. & Tac. Dec 27. 5 pm Pier —
3. Barbara. .Humboldt ... Dec 27. 10 am Pier 2
Colon — ...J Pan. & Way Dec 23. 12 m PMSS
Corona...... Newport .... Dec 2S. 9 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.., Point Arena.. Dec. 23. I pm Pier 2
Amer:Maru China & Jap. Dec. 29, 1 pm PMSS
3. Elder Ast'ia & Ptld Dec 29.. 11 am Pier 24
Steamer.
Prom.
I Due,
A'ashtenaw .... Taeoma.. T>tc *j
Robert Dollar.. Seattle. ; Dec j.j
Gamier Seattle & New Whatcom Dec *<
jiRce Dollar .. Grays Harbor Deo 2.
ilval.... Wlllapa Harbor D««c 2<
City.. Crescent City.... D*c 2<
Del Norte- Portland and Coos Bay. Dec 2
umpire Coos Bay Dee jj
Vrcata Coos Bay..-. Vtxu Z,
'an Jose ....... Acapulco Deo. jj
Eureka ........ Humboldt Dec 15
tanta : Barbara. San Pedro Dec it
)..W. Elder ... PorUand...... Decl a
rorona ......... Newport.. Dec. 2<
)anta Roaa .... San Dteco D«c 21
»olnt Arena ... Point Arena. ; D«c V.
D mmej |Ttm«| |Ttoe| [Time
• IH Wl L. W fH W \u W
4 ... l:U 5.0 «.J3i J.O 12:2l 5.«1 7:U— 0
5 ... 2:3 5.1 7:3 t.8 1:17 5.S 7:M — o
8 ... S:07 5.2 8:31 J.5 2:13 4.9 8:40 0
7 ... 3:4S S-« 9:« S.I S:30 4.5 9 28 1
S ... 4:S0 5.5 10:43 l.« 4:51 4.1110^1 1
9 ... 5:15 5.7 11:55 1.0 «:1S 3.9i U 19 2
0 ... 6:0S 6.9 1:02 0.4 7:« 3 8NEW YORK. Dec. 24.— The Sun's Berlin
cablegram says: Professor Slaby lectured
here on Saturday on •¦ his discoveries in
wireless telegraphy. Emperor William and
a number of j military, and naval officers,
savants and engineers attended/; Profes
sor : Slaby announced ; that he and Coiint
Arco by minutely studying the properties
of the electric wave from the transmitter
had discovered means of removing a great
defect In the system, namely, the impos
sibility of V telegraphing simultaneously
from several stations to a common one by
a single wire. He contended that Mar
coni's method utilized the very part of the
transmitting wire which Is least fitted for
the purpose, the other, or free, end of the
game wire producing the greatest effect.
Professor Slaby exhibited his . instru
ments,'by which with the use of an elec
tric spiral coil, which he calls a multipli
catory, he extraordinarily .'Increases the
effectiveness of- the system.- The demon
strations were made with two stations,
respectively - fourteen and ; four kilometers
distant, * which were connected with- the
lecture hall: Messages were received from
these ; stations : simultaneously ¦ and - ten
times ouickar than hv tho nrajiant fw«»»^.~_
Professor Slaby Explains
His Discoveries in Wire
less Telegraphy.
IMPROVES UPON
MARCONI SYSTEM
Pppeia 1 Dispatch to The ! Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.— The World has
the following, from Cincinnati : The Duke
of . Manchester's debts in his native land
have i been . paid. His three castles and
his 27,000. acres of \ unproductive land ar->
no longer weighted with I O U incum
brances.,: ' '. ..".'.
VThese facts were practically, "admitted
to; your correspondent to-day by Eugene
Zimmerman,, the . father-in-law of the
Duke. In all 130,000 good American dollars
were ' deposited : In : London ', last Friday ' to
cover : and , liquidate : the Indebtedness of
the; bankrupt Duke. ; ¦ His . Grace . at the
early age of 23 can now begin life anew.
• As to Just where , the ¦ money - came from
Mr. Zimmerman Is not to free in express
ing himself. , But - In ; his reluctance - there
appears to be more oMhe natural coyness
of the father-in-law, in "touching upon the
personal - affairs - of a - prized son-in-law,
than anything else. -The Duke Is likewise
reserved in this connection,' At least he
pleaded » Illness ' when ; an interview " was
broached;
Papa Zimmerman Liquidates
All Obligations of His
,Son-in-Law.
PAYS THE DEBTS
OF MANCHESTER
Woodmen's Trees.
During the past week several camps of
the Woodmen of the World have had
Christmas tree festivals for the pleasure
of, the children of members. The first was 1
given by Tamalpais Camp in Pioneer Hall
under the direction of Dr. M. B. Estes,
Laurance Vincent, M. J. Levy, Sergeant
Perrin and C. H. Rulofson, the latter act
ing as Santa Claus. A short programme
preceded the distribution of the presents
to the children, those contributing to the
pleasure of Hi* evening being the Tamal
pais Quartet, Miss Gelman. Mrs. Sadie
Marcus, children of the members of the
cair.p ami of the members of California
Circle of the Women of Woodcraft, and
Miss Ruth Wilson. A dance followed.
¦SrSmSay n'Sht Western Addition Camp
had a louUful in. the Alcazar building to
onloy the Christmas festival. An inter
esting programme Included remarks ar»
cron^ati to the occasion by Marion «le
Koco followed by musical ana literary
numbers and specialties by: Pearlie Clark.
U^Berllng sisters. Misses Windser and
Malcom, Wanck. the wizard, and L.
«ones After the distribution of candies
to "he children from the Christmas tree
th Th%^Uvafwal manned by Dr. A. F.
MeMahon E. H. Windser. A. L/ Adams,
j* C ? Morrisey and Dr. W. D Clark.
•The"ame night Redwood Camp^had a
Christmas tree at Pioneer Hall, with a
distribution of presents to children. In
addition there was a programme of enter
fainment contributed by Gussle Sylv£. L.
Solomon. Rose Desmond. P. B McCabe.
Pearl and Ruble La Rose and remarks
hv Organizer Temple and G. W. Schweln
hard after which there was a programme
nf dancing. The function was under the
management of F. Russell. J. Barcel. H.
Wessels. George Webber and J. L.
Isaacs. \
Inter Mos Circle, C. of A.
• Inter Noe Circle of the Companions of
the Forest of America, on last Wednesday
night had Its Christmas party in the so
cial hall of the Alcazar building. There
were present many who came to enjoy
the pleasure of seeing the little ones of
the -members receive the gifts which old
Kris Kringle had selected for them. The
Christmas tree was most beautifully dec
ore ted and laden down with toys' and
r.A I an. ¦ \ There was also a distribution of
presents to adults. After the tre« had
been stripped there was a Jolly good time
and a dance. This affair, one of the most
delightful on«s got up by this very social
circle, was under the direction of its en
tertainment committee— Mrs. J. B. Drake,
chairman; Mrs. Emma Harrington, past
grand chief companion; Mrs. Bradley,
Mrs. Errett. Mrs. Coyle. Mrs. Smith and
Mrs. Mitchell.
Independent OTder of Foresters.
On the night of the 10th inst. High Chief
Ranger McElfresh paid a visit to Court
Golden Era; on the 11th he addressed th»
members of Court Yerba Buena, also the
members of Court San Francisco. On tha
12th he was with Court Precita. addressed
the members and gave the secret work of
the order to seven initiates. The follow
ing night he spoke to the membership of
Court Diana, and on Friday night was
with Court Golden Gate. He found all
the courts in good condition and actively
at work. On Monday he started on a tour
of visitation to the southern courts.
The second of the series of entertain
ments 50t up by the Past Chief Rangers'
Association, given last Wednesday night
in Golden Gate Hall, waa the most de
lightful vaudeville dlvertisement ever
given by this order, and so entertaining
was the programme that all present not
only promised to attend the next one but
to induce their friends to come. The pro
gramme included the following numbers:
Btereopticon views, Dr. E. G. Eisen; tenor
sol»\, "Thy Blue Eyes." Arthur C. Law
rcace, first tenor Concordla quartet; mys
tic card maniDulations (original). Thomas
McKiernan of New York City; soprano
solo, selection from "Faust." Miss Octa
via McKiernan of Boston. Mas3.; special
ties. Miss Harriet Moynes; barytone solo.
"Madelaine." H. W. Wagner; a genuine
Cakewalk by San Francisco professional
talent. The feature waa the Cakewalk by
young people all richly costumed and in
troducing many new steps, but the feature
of the feature was th<» walk by two little
Chinese tots In f uK Chinese costume. In
cluding heavy shoes. They were applaud
ed time and again. Dancing till midnight
followed. E. A. Mack was master of
ceremonies, with Ben I. Salomon as chief
assistant. T. P. Jarvls was the chief of
the floor committee, with F. W. Geiser.
E. N. Cameron. William Stewart, J. H.
Mohan. James S. Hurry. L. A. Kern, J.
W. Hamilton &nd A. V. Ruess assistants-
FRATERNITIES.
Edward Wilson, a machinist. was
booked at th»* City Prison last night by
"Detectives Ryan and O'Dea for burgiary-
A Fhort time ago he entered the residence
of a man named Benson, at 113 Eighth
street, and etole a pold watch and chain,
a revolver, two diamond rings, several
breastpins and some other article?. Most
of the stolen property has been recovered.
Saturday night Wilson was arrested at
Sixth and Howard streets and locked up
In the tanks pending further investiga
tion. In his possession were found a
loaded revolver and a lady's possamer,
•which are supposed to have been stolen.
An owner 1? wanted for the gossamer..
The detective* believe that the prisoner
1p responsible for a number of burglaries
committed ?outh of Market street.
Arrest of Edward "Wilson, a Machin
ist, on a Charge of
Burglary.
PABT OF HIS PLUNDER
HAS BEEN RECOVERED
John H. Shiels attempted to inspect
the foundations of a new building at Mc-
Allister and Market streets yesterday and
while fo doing lost his balance and fell
Into ten feet of stagnant water, which
had collected in the cellar. He was helped
out with a rope and after creating no end
of excitement in the neighborhood.
Almost Drowned in Market Ctreet.
Th<» choir of St. Luke's Church, cora
po5*»d of thirty boyc, paid a visit'yester
day afternoon to the Broadway Jail. The
lads sang several carols, which were
warmly applauded by the prisoners. To
day Chief Jailer Frank Cornyn will serve
«>ach prisoner with half a mince pie as a
Christmas treat.
Christmas at the Jail.
Butchers Raise Prices.
HATWARDS. Dec. 23.— The butchers
here have combined and raised the price
of beef, mutton, veal ajid pork 2% cents
a pound. This is to meet the increase in
wholesale rates because of the scarcity
Cf £tt>Ck.
Engineers in Demand.
BERKELEY. Dec C2.—The» demand for
<-olIece trained engineers Has of late
greatly exceeded the supply. This is es
pecially true of electrical engineers,
where positions In connection with the
development of electric lighting and pow
er systems, railroads ar.d mines, are hard
to fill. There are at present over half a
hundred graduates occupying important
engineering positions ill over this country
end In the Orient.
University Closes.
BERKELEY. Dec. 23.-The fall term ex
aminations at the University of Califor
nia closed yesterday. For the past week
the students have been icavir.g town as
6oon ae their college worK was done to
rpend the holidays at their homes. The
university will reopen January 14. En
trance examinations for the spring term
will be held January 10. H and 12.
On the night of the 15th inst. members
of the San Francisco Extension Commit
tee paid a fraternal visit to Myrtle Lodge.
Last Monday thera was a visit to Memo
rial Lodge and on last Thursday to SU.
John Lodge. Duiirg the evening at each
meeting the visitors were called upon and
they ga*.« the membership Information as
io the condition of the order and also
made suggestions as to the manner of in
creasing the membership. At the meet
ing of Sts. John Lodge there were pres
ent a number of old time members who
had not been in the lodgeroom for ten
years. ; .
Ancient Order Workmen.
Purse Snatcher Arrested.
Hughie McDevitt, a brother of
"Monk" McDevitt. was arrested last
night by Policeman J. Kelly and J. J.
Mclntee and charged at the Southern sta
tion with robbery. McDevitt had grabbed
the purse of a Mrs. A. Henning, residing 1
at 412 Minna street early in the evening.
At the prison he was positively identified
by her as the man who had robbed her.
Search failed to reveal any trace of the
purse.
"The Heart of Maryland" and a lively
curiosity about the new and handsome
playhouse drew another large crowd last
evening to the Central Theater. The fa
vorable opinion the opening evening of
playhouse and play was deepened and
confirmed by, last night's performance.
The belfry scene, a marvel of stage
mechanism, again brought great applause.
Miss Darling, Howard Hall and Miron
Lefiingwell received a most flattering re
ception, and It is safe to say that a per-
Musical centers are deeply interested in
the orchestral concerts to be given by
Eduard Strauss and his Vienna organiza
tion at the California Theater, for the
week beginning next Sunday night. Spe
cial prices have been arranged for the
engagement. They are as follows: Or
chestra (first twelve rows) $2, and re
maining rows $150: first four rows of
balcony $1 50, and remaining rows $1; gal
lery (reserved) 75. cents, and unres*rv«d
60 cents.- Box and loge seats will be
$2 50. The programme will be changed at
every performance, and will be most in
teresting in character. The sale of seats
will begin Wednesday morning at the
theater box office.
But Giesecke discovers the identity
of Siedler with the lawyer'.for the "other
side," he swears he will seek other hous
ing, and the strongest situation of the
play ends the first scene, with the charm
ing daughter, the maiden aunt and ' the
furious papa seated upon a large trunk
in front of the hotel In the midst of a
pouring rainstorm. The storm is very life
like^ by the way, real water and the rest
of it. Of course Miss Giesecke and the
lawyer make it up, through the entirely
unconscious connivance of papa, and the
story ends. happily for all concerned.
The cleverest work in the very clever
work done by the company Is Mower's
Giesecke, which is a brilliantly life-like
portrait. Some few Americanisms oc
casionally heard rather jar, but otherwise
it is a case of complete identity with the
character. The head waiter, Brand, in
Frank W. Norcross' hands, Is a bright
piece of bourgeoiserie. The landlady, Jo
sepha, Minerva Dorr, is an excellent con
ception, and Giesecke's daughter, Louise
Randolph, is a dainty and charming por
trait. Charlotte, the maiden aunt, is de
lightfully caricatured by Lucie Mower,
and Walter Chester does the baldheaded
youth with much humor. Bernice Nor
cross slips many cogs In her lisping dia
lect, but, like all the women. Is very
pretty to look upon. Her father, Hinzel
mann.an Isben conception, Is most quaint
ly and tenderly played by John Fenton,
and the rest of the parts are all well
handled. ¦
CITY CAlTlfOT BEFUND
TAXES ONCE PAID IN
Claim for Bebate of Unjust Saloon
License Fees Rejected by
Supreme Court.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— TheSupremeCourt
has decided that the City Council has no
authority to refund licenses illegally col
lected.
The point was brought out In the case
of O. F. Rooney against the city of Oak
lar.d for $1000 in saloon licenses paid by
him and afterward ordered returned oy
the Council.
Rooney owns a saloon on the Oakland
pier and therefore outside the city limiti.
He paid his license fees under protest,
but in the opinion of the Supreme Couii.
before which the case was taken on ap
peal, that circumstance has no bearing
on the case, as he is properly to be he .1
responsible for knowing that the city's
boundaries do not extend beyond the low
tide line.
BERKELEY, Dec. 23.— Unless some
thing very extraordinary happens before
to-morrow nlgnt Berkeley will be taken
from the list of "dry" towns. The saloon
ordinance will come up then for final pas
sage, and its most zealous opponents can
eee no way to stop it from becoming a
law.
Little excitement i is expected , at Mon
day nights meeting. Trustee Turner's
motion for reconsideration will be heard
and voted down. The ordinance will come
up and be passed. That Is the course
both sides exi?ect. -
Is waa originally thought that Trustee
Turner's ? notice of a motion . for recon
sideration would delay the. ordinance for
a weeK. ;Upon consulting Town "Attorney
B. A. Hayne It waa found that his motion
could be ' considered and the ordinance
taken up at the same time. In fact, Mr.
Turner should - have made his ' motion ' at
last Monday night's , meeting. .
The temperance people have not given up
the tight. . ¦:;';^ .: ¦:""¦¦;.
License Law to Come -Up
for Final Passage Be
fore Trustees.
A THOROUGHLY wholesome and
altogether delightful little comedy
Is "At the White Horse Tavern,"
the week's attraction at the Cali
fornia Theater. Not for many
moons has the theater had bo charming a
programme as thia German comedy, ade
quately translated by Sydney Rosenfeld
and splendidly presented by the King &
Norcross company.
The scene of the play Is laid In the
Austrian Alps, at the White Horse Tav
ern, in Salzkammergut. and the several
love affairs of the landlady and the head
waiter and the guests who enjoy their
hospitality are the materials for this
admirable little comedy. The curtain
opens— and closes— upon a picturesque Inn
on the shores of an Alpine lake, surround
ed by snow-capped mountains, and tho
scene Is a distinctly clever example of
this department of stage craft. To this
inn come the guests from the little lake
steamer in moat realistic fashion— an ab
sorbed bride and groom, to whom all
scenery looks alike; the typical Alpine
tourist and the travelers from Berlin,
Wilhelm Giesecke, his sister and daugh
ter, nnd Siedler, a lawyer intimately con
nected with their affairs but unknown to
them, with whose doings the play is
chiefly concerned.
It seems that Giesecke, a bluff, crusty
but thoroughly kind-hearted German
burgher (done with admirable touch and
grip by Fred Mower), has lost a lawsuit
against one Sutro, which has been drag
ging along for three years, and through
which he has found a temper and lost In
terest in life. Sledler (W. E. Hitchcock)
was the man In the case, and the lawyer
and Giesecke find themselves at the same
hotel for the purpose of spending the
summer holidays. Siedler has spent other
summers there to good purpose, as tho
buxom landlady, though all unknown to
him, has honored him with her prefer
ence, with the result of the best room in
the house, "double portions of delica
cies" and so forth being placed at his
service. The head waiter, who is himself
in lovo with mine hostess, discovers and
objects to this and revenges himself by
giving Siedler's room to Giesecke under
plea of the former's late arrival. Much
fun is furnished by the conflict between
the lawyer and the Berlin burgher for
possession of the room. Then Giesecke's
pretty daughter appears on the scene,
the susceptible lawyer falls captive
to her charms and surrenders the
room with the utmost willingness.
BERKELEY MAY NO
LONGER BE DRY
formance of equal artistic value has but
s.eldom been seen at the price here or any
where elfce. The play is apparently in for
a long run, as it has only once been seen
here before; and the next production will
he "Woman and Wine." a London and
New York success.
* • • '
The second week' of the big holiday
show at tho Tiyoli Opera-house, "Cin
dere-lla," will begin this evening. "Cin
derella" is on© of the most successful ex
travaganzas ever put on at the Tlvoli.
There are pretty ballets galore, no end of
amusing specialities— frog-and-toad hops,
dog-and-cat capers, the irresistible "Car
men ' burlesque, "Sunflower Sue" and the
patriotic finale, besides a world of fun
and music.
• • •
The Alcazar Theater will have a star
attraction this week in Belasco's comedie
risque, "Naughty Anthony," a delightful
farce, borrowed from the French. The
play Is founded upon a Chatauquan by
law, which runs as follows: "Rule 13.
Any persons of opposite sexes found using
the summer house, of Lofty Park for os
culatory purposes will be punished to the
fullest extent of the law and their names
will be published!" Naughty Anthony, a
professor of moral culture at the college,
and chief inspiration of the aforesaid
edict, himself falls under its ban, and his
attempts at evasion of the by-law and the
consequent complications form the plot
of the play.
• • •
At the Alhambra Theater "TVhy Smith
Left Home" is drawing good crowds. It
is well put on, and the funny Broadhurst
fancy seems as popular as ever. "Shen
andoah" will be next week's bill.
Cogill and Cooper's comedians will pre
sent "My Uncle from Japan" for this
their last weeX, at Fischer's Concert
House. The comedy will be followed by
the pretty spectacle, "A Fairy Godmoth
er." with Arnold Grazer, Blanche Trelease
and Ethel Grazer in the cast. A special
matJnee will be given to-morrow.
The n«w bill which opens at The Chutes
to-day Includes Weston ¦ and Sherbert,
musical comedians; Harry Braham. char
acter Impersonator; Rose Lee Tyler so
prano;, Ahem and Patrick, Irish come
dians', new moving pictures, and a grand
Christmas production of "Ten Days in
Falryl».nd," by a Juvenile company.
Mabel Hudson, Mae Edgerton, the aerial
queen: and Anita La Mort are the Olym
pia's attractions for the holiday week.
All the theaters announce a special
matinee to be given on Christmas day.
JUMPS TWO STOBIES TO
DEATH WHILE DEMENTED
Michael McGuirk, an Old Man, Seeks
Swift Surcease of His
Troubles.
Michael McGulrk. an old man, while
laboring under some mental disorder, yes
terday ended his life by Jumping from the
window of a two-story building at 1571
Pifteenth street. The old man, who oc
cupied the lower fiat of the house, was
eeen by Mrs. Handlos, a neighbor, to be
acting queerly while sitting at the win
dow. Mrs. Handlos went to inform a
mail named Manne, who is the agent of
the property, of the behavior of ihe ol<l
man.
While Marine was going into Capp street
he was surprised to see the body of Mc-
Gulrk shoot through - the air in a down
ward direction from an open window on
the second story. After striking the
ground McGuirk lay unconscious and re
mained in that condition until he died in
th« Receiving Hospital one hour after his
arrival. Dr. Bunnell. who attended him,
pronounced his injuries fatal as soon as
he examined him on his arrival at the
hospital. The Coroner was notified and
fca-3 the body removed to the Morgue.
Those who knew of the old man's mental
condition pronounced his death a cas-e
of suicide.
XIX. I
In the great First Folio a series of I
"Histories" holds the middle place. These
"Histories," chronicle plays, of the type^
familiar to the Elizabethan playgoer, deal
exclusively with the reigns of Englisn
sovereigns. They are not. Indeed, the
only plays of Shakespeare based upon
historical events; In "Antony and Cleo
patra" and "Corlolanus" he follows Plu
tarch even more closely than he does Hcl
inshed in "Henry IV" or "Richard III."
But the Roman plays are grouped by the
editors among the tragedies at the close
of the volume, and, whether this arrange
ment was the result of conscious dis
crimination or not, it can be defended on
the highest esthetic grounds. For the
ten English histories of Shakespeare form
a connected whole. Each play of Jhe se
rles is dependent for its full effect upon
one or more of the others; and the ten
together constitute the real epic of Eng
land.
In this great work Shakespeare had a
twofold purpcrse in mind. He was, of
course, primarily a playwright; his Im
mediate Intention was to put together
pieces which would fill the theater. But
underneath this practical and temporary
aim there was in every case a deeper and
more permanent motive, and It is with
this that true criticism has to deal.
Now the purpose of Shakespeare's his
tories was flrst of all to inspire his hear- |
ers with love of country. Patriotism was
a virtue newborn among the Elizabeth
ans. The loss of the last fragment oi
England's old continental possessions in
the preceding reign had thrown the coun
try back upon itself, and the dread of
foreign invasion proved a closer bond of
union than was ever known before. The
piays and poems of tne great Queen s
reign are full of exulting outDursts of- this
new spirit, but no one nas given it such
eloquent voice as Shakespeare. To him
England, "this lana ot such dear soula,
this dear, dear land," was an object al
most or adoration, "anotner Eden, demi
paradise," and his love ot country Detra>3
him i at times into palpable injustice to
ward his country's enemies.
This spirit of patriotism found an out
let among the Kllzabetnans in a passion
of loyalty to the person or the sovereign
such as to our democratic age and race
sometimes appears exaggerated and even
unreal. That a spirit of gross personal
flattery prevailed among the courtiers
and the courtly poets, especially toward
the close of Elizabeth's reign Is, of course.
Undeniable. But this false note is only
the overstraining of a tone that rang true
in the hearts of the people. To the Eliz
abethans the sovereign was the Incarna
tion of the national idea, the living rep
resentative of England. Not that Eliza
beth nor any monarch of the Tudor dy
nasty could say with Louis XIV. "L'etat
e'est moi." Vast as were the powers of
the sovereign, uncertain and ill defined
as were the checks upon them, there
came a point where these powers ceased,
and the idea of the common weal rose up
against the prerogatives of royalty. '¦ But
ot such a conflict the Elizabethans did not
love to think. They looked back with hor
ror on the intestine wars and the anarchy
that had marked the preceding century,
and they were proud to boast themselves
the sons of the men who had supported
Henry VIII in hla most despotic act3.
with the feeling, unconscious perhaps,
but none the less powerful, that he was
the divine instrument for working out
the nation's destiny. And so, to quote the
quaint words of Shakespeare's contem
porary apologist for the drama, "plays
are writ with this aim, to teach their sub
jects- obedience to their King— exhorting
them to allegiance and dehorting them
from all traitorous and felonious strata
g< Rut if the people owed their 'sovereign
a loyal obedience, the sovereign, in turn,
so Shakespeare held, owed something to
his people. Here, too, Shakespeare is at
one with his age. The Elizabethans no
longer regarded the monarch, after the
old feudal conception, as the cap
stone of the social pyramid. He
was rather the heart of the body
politic, sending the lue blood puls
ing to the remotest extremities; he was
the brain ordering and guiding the action
of the whole— not for its own benefit but
for the common weal. There is a deep
meaning in the "exclamation of the soldier
In "Hamlet": "There's something rotten
in the state of Denmark." Denmark's
monarch was a murderous, licentious,
drunken usurper, and when the heart is
sick the whole body is full of sores, and
the time Is out of Joint. Nothing was
plainer to Shakespeare's mind than the
truth that a King, to be a King indeed,
must live not for himself but for his peo
ple And In his series of histories Shakes
peare's second object— second only In that
It lies below the surface, for to him, as
to the Btudent of his work to
day, it is of supreme importance— is to
present a mirror for mlgistrates; to show
how weakness and wickedness are of In
finitely greater consequence in a monarch
than in a private man; to point out how
little personal sanctity avails to replace
the want of royar will and energy; to
declare that- the highest human powers
united in a King are only fearful instru
ments of evil when not directed to his
country's good; and, finally, to give to hia
conception of the perfect King a local
habitation and a name in Henry V.
Of the ten plays of this series, one,
"Henry VIII," may for our present pur
pose be set aside. It is in a sense the
epilogue to the work, but it was apparent
ly written for some specific occasion far
later than the period in which Shakes
peare's mind was filled with this dramatic
epic t and it is only in part the work of
Shakespeare's hand. Of the rest "King
John" forms the prologue. "Richard II.'
"King Henry IV." the first and Second
parts of "King Henry V," the first, sec
ond and third parts of "King Henry VI"
and "Richard III" the body of the wor'<.
It will be well to study these not in
their chronological order, but rather with
the purpose of discovering in them the
gradual development in Shakespeare's
mind of the idea of the perfect King.
Shakespeare begins at the nadir. Kina
John is the false King. He has no right
to the throne, cither by descent or by
the higher law of fitness. He is con
scious from the beginning of his guilty
usurpation, and this consciousness makes
him alternately tyrannical and vacillat
ing. He boasts at once of his strong pos
session and of his right; he plunders tha
churches of the country to arm himself
against the true heir; he abandons part
of England's possessions to stop Arthur's
title to the whole, and when the true heir
falls into his hands he looks upon him
as a very serpent in his way. and with
passionate appeals to a subject's loyalty
and half-utured hlntlngs at a purpose ha
dare not speak, tempts Hubert to his
murder. But he has not even the courage
of his own evil will, for no sooner does he
see that his murderous designs upon his
nephew have lost him the hearts of his
subjects than he repents and seeks to
throw the burden of his guilt upon tha
executioner of his desires. His one aim
is at anv cost to hold the crown that
he has snatched, and to do this he even
consents to hold it as a vassal of the
papal see. But even this does not save
him. The French, invited into England to
avenge the church of Rome, refuse to re
tire at his bidding, and a desperate monk,
mindful rather of the King's early in
juries than of his late submission,
poisons him in a bowl of wine.
Under such a King heaven itself frowns
upon the land, and it Is only with his
death that a brighter prospect opens. The
English nobles who had deserted the
guilty King rally around hia Innocent suc
cessor, and the hearts of all Shakespeare's
hearers echoed the proud boast of of their
leader.
Now these her princes have come home again.
Come the three corners of the world in arms.
And we shall shock them. Naught shall maka
us rue.
If Kneland to ttself do rest but true.
King Henry VI. was Shakespeare's first
attempt to dramatize history. Of its three
parts the first is admittedly un-Shake
pearean in origin, and bears but few
marks of his revising hand. But in
the others he has gone carefully over the
work of his predecessors, added and cut
away, and finally given us a striking por
trait of the virtuous but inefficient Klcs.
In the words of Henry's far more mas
culine consort:
All h'.s mind 1s bent to holiness.
To number Ave Maries on his beads.
Hla champions are the prophets and apostlea.
His weapons holy saws of sacred writ.
And these were poor weapons for a Kins
of England in that day. Henry becomes
the fool of fortune, and is buffeted to and
fro In the strife of factions that breaks
upon his throne. His faintly breathed
"blessed are the peacemakers' Is lost In
the roar of angry voices. He abandons
hla only friend without a struggle to the
murderous plots of jealous rivals and be
wails his fate with sad. unhelpful tears.
In the stress of the civil wara he actually
begins to doubt his own title to the
throne, and weakly renounces the rights
of his son to secure a temporary peace.
Henry shows to best advantage, indeed,
as an exile, and a prisoner. Then hl«
crown is In his heart, "the crown content
that seldom Kings enjoy," and he thank*
his Jailer for the pleasant hours of his
imprisonment. And in those last years,
when his one desire Is to withdraw from
the world and spend his life In devotion,
he obtains the gift of prophecy, and fore
tells the bloody tyranny of Richard III.
and the accession of the King who should
bring back peace to England. A saintly
man— and. Indeed, Henry was held by
many after his death to be a saint whos«
bones worked miracles— but Shakespeare
speaks the cynical truth by the mouth of
Henry's murderer when he says that such
a King was fitter for heaven than for
earth.
Shakespeare's next creation was or an
entirely opposite type— Richard III, the
strong bad King. So much has been
written on this play, the only one of
Shakespeare's histories, by the way.
which still holds the boards, that it is
unnecessary to enter into a detailed
analysis of its chief personage. But there
is one point, perhaps, which has never
been fully developed — Richard's relation
to the land whose throne he has seized.
Richard has undoubtedly many of the
qualities of a great King, bravery and
skill in action, energy of mind and intel
lectual ascendency, the power to bund th«
eyes and even to win the hearts of men.
But 'his gifts are brought to nought by
his all-engrossing egoism. "I am myself
alone," he says, and it is for himself alone
that he lives. He wades through slaughter
to a throne, not because he Is and knows
himself to be the only man who can gufBo
the nation through a sea of troubles, but
because the crown Is the goal of h!s own
selfish ambition. Not even to his dupe
and accomplice. Buckingham. do«s he pr#
tend any desire for his country's welfare:
not even in his last appeal to his soldiers
does he call on them to fight for their
country. He Is not the Cromwell, hnt the
Napoleon of the drama, and his fall, like
Napoleon's, is recognized as a Judgment
of God— deposuit potentes.
Note— This paper, by T. M. Parrott.
Ph-O., will be concluded on Thursday.
SHAKESPEARE'S ENGLISH KINGS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
THIRTY SHAKESPEARE EVENINGS.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadwav. Dec. 23.
The funeral of Brother Lascian, the well
known Catholic educator, took place from
Pt. Mary's College this morning. It was
decided that the funeral services should
bo held from the college to which he had
piven so much of his life, and at 10 o'clock
a solemn requiem high mass was said
over the body of the dead brother. The
pt-rviees were held In the chapel of the
c-ollege, which was filled to overflowing:
with members of the clergy, members of
the Christian Brotherhood and former
pupils of the dead educator. There were
many from San Francisco, a large deie
cation from Santa Clara and the entire
ftaff and scholarship of St. Marys Col
lege, besides representatives from other
places. There were professional and
business men from many parts of the
State who had been given their educa
tion by Brother Lascian. •
The celebrant of the requiem mass was
llev. Lawrence Serda of Sacred Hturt
Parish. Kev. B. S. Casey of tit. Peter**.
fc>an Francisco, was deacon, and Kev.
J/eter C. Vorke of St. Peter's, rian l'rau
cisco, pub-deacon. Rev. J. J. Cranwell of
St. Mary's Chapel, at the college, was
master of ceremonies, and Rev. P. Foley
of Alameda, who was a warm peraoniii
irtend of the deceased, delivered me
eulogy. Among the many clergymen who
attended were Rev. J. Butler of tit. Fran
vis de Salop; Rev. E. J. Nolan of St.
Marys Parish. Oakland: Kev. J. Quinn of
i^t. Brendan's Parish, San Francisco; Kev.
M. OReardon of Berkeley, Kev. J-\ S.
Morrison of St. Mary's, and a delegation
from the Santa Clara College composed
cf Rev. H. GalLager. Rev. W. J. Deeney
and Rev. J. L. Taylor.
The jiall-bearers were ail members of
the Christian Brotherhood at St. Mary's,
as follows: Brother Agnon, Brother
Florlnus. Brother Xenophor.. Brother
rda'.ncit. Brother Lactian and Brother
Mat hew.
The* services at the grave were con
djjeted by Rev. J. J. Cranwell of St.
Mary's College.
The music was furnished by the Chris
tian Brothers of St. Mary's College, under
the directorship of Professor Schorcht of
the collepe.
Siany Attend From Points Outside of
Oakland— Prominent Clergymen
Take Part in the
Services.
Services Over the Remains
of the Dead Catholic
Educator.
BROTHER LASCIAN
IS LAID TO REST
SAN FRANCISCO'S
REALTY MARKET
Trend of Prices for Property
in This City'and Its
Vicinity.
Contracts for New
Buildings.
Some of the Transfers of the Past
Week and a Summary of the
The realty market Is having the usual
quiet spell attendant upon the holiday sea
son. Inquiry is fairly lively. Many deals
of good size appear likely to culminate
early In the new year. There Is no rea
son to retract any of the hopeful remarks
that have been madf recently concerning
the outlook, which Is certainly excellent.
In all sections there Is anticipation of
better times in the realty market during
the coming twelve months than San
Francisco hap known in years. Building
operation* are only awaiting the settle
ment of an rx'.stlng controversy to bring
activity to eligible sections.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold for
$45,000 the property on the south line of
Mission street, between Beale and Main,
The lot is 45.10xl'7 :6. There Is a three
story brick building on It.
A. J. Rich & Co. have sold to Arch
bishop Riordan property on the east line
of Guerrero etreet, fronting also on Bros
nan and Quinn streets. The price was
about $,"3,000. There is a frontage of 160
feet on Guerrero street, and a depth of
SSO feet running due east.
G. H. Umbs^n & Co. have sold to the
Hpstlnps heirs the property of the J. C.
Johnson estate, on the east line of Front
street, S7;C feet north from Pine, for
JoS.OOO. The lot is 50x135 feet In size and
is improved.
Through thr agency of A. M. Speck &
Co. a nearly eompletrd building at 234 Mc-
AUlster etreet. with the exception of the
store, lias been leased to the Pattoslen
Company for five years by L. H. Sly.
Benjamin M. Gunn & Co. report that
Charles R. Bishop has sold for $187,500
the southwest corner of Taylor and Eddy
streets, which he purchased some months
ago for J1S0.500. clearing $7000 within the
>car on the transaction.
Sales are reported by G. H. t'mbsen &
Co. as follows:
W. J. Walker to J. M. Lankfnau, residence
K23 Fr.rlnc avenue, between Webster jnd
FUlmore. SoxlS" :*li. $9000; F. W. Lange to the
Merchants' Ice and Cold Storage Company.
Boutheas-t comer MontK<~»mery and Lombard
Ftreets. 100x137:6. Tor I10.OC0: Gross Estate to
Fernando Nflscn, north line of Waller, 137:6
weft from Pierce. 142xl3;:6. $12,500; Joseph F.
Xolan and Maude M. Treadwell to Fernando
Nelson. 33 lots on Klghtetnth and Hartford
streets. $33,600; the Elirabeth Clark estate and
Charles C. Clark to Charles Habmaier. Im
provements 541-545 Haight street and lot 5Qxl20,
$10/>C0; Daniel Scales to A. Grannucci. south
east corner Green and Dupont streets, 68:9x
M:S. J18.750; Hastings & Wallace to D. W.
Ttetjen. northwest corner Jackson and Dnimm
streets. 60x60. tlS.SOO.
Sales are reported by O. D. Baldwin &
Son as follows:
Let 27:6x130. on the south line of Sacramento
street. 137:6 west of Fpruce, from John l>. Nip
per to James M. Patrick, for $1200; lot 25x75,
on the ee«t line of Fifth etreet, S3 north of
llipslon. with a three-Btory building, from
-Mary E. Ferryman to David Kerr. $15,000: lot
40x72. on the northwest corner of Lake etreet
and Thirteenth avenue, from the California
Gucranty Investment Company to Mary A.
Armptmng, $1000; lot 50x125. on the west line
of Douglass street, 68 south of Twenty-first,
from John C McMenomy to William R. Irvine,
$S00- lot 40x17.". on the east line of Dolores
Ftrtet 163 south of Fifteenth, from F. B. Hult
lng to Edwin W. Bennett, J3750; lot 30x100. on
the west line of Guerrero street, 84 north of
Liberty, from Wifciam E. White to W. H.
G*crge, $2400; lot 24xSl:3. on the east line of
Scott atreet. 76 south of Sacramento, from O.
D. Baldwin to Oscar L. F>M. I4MO and lot
SOxllO. on the northwest corner of Scott anil
Grcve streets, from the American Banking and
Trust Company tn William Little. J4650.
Woopter & Whitton of San Jose report
having sold 421 acres of the estate of Hor
ace Hawes, including the Haves man-
Fion, In San Mateo County, for $100,000;
2000 acres of the unsold San Martin ranch,
In Santa Clara County, to W. S. Richards
of San Jose, and also 1600 acres of the
same ranch to a syndicate comprising the
Santa Clara Valley Land Company. The
Hawes property adjoins Redwood City.
The several transactions represent a total
of $370,000. The move Is reported by the
brokers to be due to the early completion
of the coast road. The properties will be
subdivided Into small holdings.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold a lot
on the north line of Vallejo street, 34:3
east from Steiner, 51:2x137:6, for $5000.
Jacob Heyman, 117 Butter street, an
nounces that he has purchased all of
the boulevard lots of the Sutro estate,
fronting the ocean beach, in blocks 720
and 721. and will resell them.
The following building contracts have
been made:
Emlle Ursln with W. R. Kenny, for frame
building containing three flats on X line of
Fourteenth etreet, 125 E of Folsom, {3912 50;
Mrs. Leona Faus>er with W. E. Grant for three
story building (flats) on W line of Woodward
avenue. $1540: Florence A. and W. H. Demlng
with W. L. Holman, electric paesenger eleva
tor In six-story and basement brick building
on N line of Turk street. 206:3 W of Mason,
$2.'>39: Dora Johnson with James A. Cotter, two
story frame cottage on Byfleld tract, $1565;
Mrs. Nannie A. Meyerfleld with H. H. Larson
& Bro.. excavation and brick work, with
Thomas Elam for carpenter work, hardware,
glazing and tinning, and with Shepard Bros,
for gaefittlng and plumbing on two-story and
basement and attic residence, $505S.
The most Important loans recorded are
the following:
Illberla Savings and Loan Society to Fred
erick Grass. $9000 for one year at 6 per cent
and $2000 In installments on lot on W line of
Valencia etreet, 107 N of Twenty-fourth. 62:SV4
xl71:9x63:3xl&0:4: Mutual Bank to Elizabeth
T. Joy, $10,000 for five years at « per cent, on
lot on east corner of Market and Spear streets,
4.*:10xlS7:6: Security Bank to Edward E. Kent
fleld. $75,000 for three year* at 6 per cent on
lot on FE line of Folsom street, 137:6 NE of
Spear. 127:«x274x275xl37:6; Hlbernla Savings and
Loan Society to A. Aronson, $10,000 for one
year at 6 per cept. on lot on SE corner of Jones
and Post. 60x70:6; Mark and Albert A. Strouse
to Emille Btrouse, $22,000 at 7 per cent, on
lot on N line of Pacific avenue, 134:6 W of
Flllmore. 44:1x127:8^: Pacific States Savings.
Loan and Building Company to the Maclean
Hoenltal and Sanitarium. $15,000 (deed of trust),
lot on SW line of Caeselii avenue and Couglass
street. 206:8x218.
The largest releases recently recorded
are as follows:
HibTnia Savings and Loan Society to Junes
O'Connor. lot on W line of Mason street, 77:1
6 of O'Farrell, 20x60, $20,750; Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society to Owen E. and Annie Brady,
lot on E line of Guerrero etreet. 22:6 8 of
Eighteenth. 60x105, and lot on W line of Va
lencia street, 206 S of Nineteenth, and lot on
SE corner of San Jose avenue and Twenty
fourth etreet. 90x130, J16.800; Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Bociety to W. F. McNutt, lot on 8
line of California etreet. 60 W of Franklin.
145xl37:«, $27,000; Humboldt Saving* Bank to
Clinton Jones, lot on SW corner of Octavla and
California Ktreets, 68:9x137:6, $13,000; Pacific
Loan Association to Albert r>ernham, lot on
X l!n» of Post street, 190 E of Gough, 30x129,
$10,000; A. Mary Whartenby Robinson to Hart
land Law, lot 8 line of Turk street, 1$7:6 W
of Larkln. 137:6x137:8, $22,500; Hlbernia Sav
ings and Loan Society to Daniel Scales, lot on
FB corner of Dupont and Oreen streets, 68:9x
82:«. $16,000. ¦'-'¦;-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, MONDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1900.
Yet Piece at California Makes Strong Hit With
Audience— -"Why Smith Left Home" at
Alhambra— "Naughty Anthony" at Alcazar.
LOVE AFFAIRS OF THE LANDLADY
AND HEAD WAITER GIVE CHIEF FUN
IN "AT THE WHITE HORSE TAVERN"
BERXICE NORCROSS, ONE OF THE ATTRACTIVE ACTRESSES PLAYING IN "AT THE WHITE HORSE TAV
ERN." THE SCENE OF WHICH IS LAID ON THE SHORES OF AN ALPINE LAKE, AND IS NOW ON AT
THE CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7THE SAN FKAISCISUO CALL, MONDAY, JDEUEMBEK 24, 1900,
8
SAW TOAXCISCO CAXI_
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner cf Market and Third etreete; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— IT, Montgomery etreet.
corner Clay; open until 9:S0 p. tn.
300 Hayes etreet; open -~tll 9:30 p. ra.
tz% McAllister Etreet; open until. 9:80 p. m.
€_; Larkin 6treet; open until S:SO p. m.
3S41 Mission etreet; open until 10 P- m.
I_C1 Market etreet. ccrner Sixteenth; open
until !p, m.
3(6 Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. rn.
1056 Valencia etreet; open until » p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; oper. until 9 p. tn.
MEETING JVOTICES.
J0<->TTCn TO~TiilTiTOCI_TIOLDnRS OF THE
SAN FKAXC1SCO DRV DOCK COMPANY is
hereby given that, in pursuance of a resolu-
tion of the Board of Directors of said com-
r_r.y, unanimously adopted at a meeting of
*ai<S board, held at the office of the com-
]ia_y. In the city and county of San Francisco.
State of California, on the I3th day of Octo-
ber. 1IKO. a meeting of the etockholders of the I
Pan Froncicca Dry Dock Company -will be |
held at the ofttce of the company, number 3C2 |
California street, San Francisco, California 7
Ufae eajue brins the principal place of busl- j
nt-ss cf eaid corporation _nd the bulMlns j
where the Board of Directors usually meet), j
on Tu«-*4ay, the Sth day of January, lfCl. at j
the hour of U o'clock a. m., for the purpose
of considering and actlns upon tha proposi- I
tlon to create a bonded indebtedness of said
corporation to the amount in the riffgrcRate ot
five hundred thousand ($500,000) dollars,
United tiates Gold coin, for the purpose of
raising funds to be used in buiMir.jr and
«<;uippirig a new drydock.. and for other legiti-
mate and nfrwsarj' purposes of the corpora-
tion, such bonded indebtedness to be 6ec-ured
fry a mortgage or deed cf trust upon all the
property now owned by said corporation, cr
which It may hereafter acquire.
By order of the Board of Directors.
W. F. RUSSELL.
Secretary of San Francisco Dry Dock Com-
pany.
CHE er.r.ual meetinc cf the stockholders of the i
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco, Cal.. !
will be be!d «t its banking house, 801 Mont-
gomery et.. San Francisco. Cal.. on TUES-
DAY January f, 1*01. at 3:15 o'clock p. m..
fcr the election of director* to serve for the
ensuing year end the transaction of such |
rt'jer business as may coae before the meet- i
lcr. CEO. GRANT. Cashier. :
Pan rnr^JM. pfOfmher 8. 1900. j
AGENTS WANTED. i
SOLICITORS wanted; men or women; good j
Fal—ries warranted: payable either weekly or j
monthly: expenses paid. *rT Market, rm. 615. )
ADOPTION.
A GOOD home open for irlrl or boy baby. Add.
Mni. Dr. Funke. 1<16 Eighth gt.. Alaraeda-
ASPIIALTIM ItOOFIXG.
J. PELTIEH. asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
pelred; postal. 1U6 Motion: tel. Folgom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
DR. C. TOUSHT TAYLOR. Scientific Astrolo-
per — Fr**e copy "The New Moon." 76S Market.
ATTOHXEVS AT LAW.
R. Tl". KING. 927 Market St., Cth floor, room 627
— Estates, damages, attachments, baxderuptey, •
collections: all cases, fair fee; no advance I
charges; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537. ;
ADVICE free; civcrce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. HO Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK VT. SMITH: mining and probate law a !
ppecialty. Mills tig., r. 3. 4Ui tlr.; tel. Red 3616. j
ADVICE freei no charge unless successful. W. j
W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market St.. opp. Mason, j
J. EDW. JARRETT. Hear»t bldg.. Third and |
Market Ms. ; phone Red E2S2.
L. F. CLARK, Emma Spreckels b'.dB-. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.: consultation lree; no tees in advance.
BELGIAN HARES.
FOR sale— 2 mature Flemish riant hares; lm-
rcrted: male and female. 1011H Sutter #t.
DICVCLES— For Sale or i:_c__mce.
ALLEN cells the Best bicycles. Columbia,
Spaldinr. Barnes. Hartford, Monarch. Stor- I
raer. P< nnar.t. $20 up. 301 L_rk!n & 1970 Page.
BCSISSSS CHAA.CES.
A— £28: RESTAURANT and chophouso opp. R.
R. cable house; rent t£0; good paying: place;
lnvi»stlcate soon, as rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. 164 Kearny Et.
A— Jj'iOO— LEADING barroom of this city; e»-
tat.lifhed mar.y years and doing a first -class
paying business; place is located near Kearny
and Market Ms. ; above {2500 stock on hand: ;
splendid bargain; owner must leave the city ,
at once to attend business north. Call R. O.
WILK.E. K^j Kearny et.
A— J12T.0; CORNER grocery and bar, one block :
south of McAllister Bt. : rent $45: 4hi years'
Inw: stock will invoice the price; a cood- j
paying b_s:ness and established many years. I
Call U. G. WILKE. 26\j Kearny St. j
' ~__ZI -—-—-—————— ,
A— 14500: SALOON: estab. 2D years; clo6e to !
Chronicle bl<J_. ; stock will invoice the price; |
lease: place known as one of the be£t-payin_
resorts in city. Call R. O. Wilke, 2&ij Kearny. ;
J400— CORNER saloon on Davis St.; no Sunday !
or nlg-ht work; rent fc>0: a first-class paying |
proposition. Inquire R, G. WILKE; 26Vi
K i .. ¦-. , Et.
fsoo — FOIi eale; eaioon one block north of
Market St.; under present ownership over a
dozen years; reasonable rent; examine stock;
rare chance. Particulars It G. WTLKE, 26V4
Keai-ny st-
A— J6G0; CORNER saloon on Jackson et.; rent
ZZ'. 1 ; kept by present owner 7 years; good busi-
ness: clearing $1C5 per month. R. G. WILKE*
2C ! s Keaxr.y et.
A— $100; BRANCH bakery and stationery; 4 liv-
inr rooms; rent flS; a business for man
and wi'e. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
FOSIE g-ood barK_ln_ and paying propositions
In rest-anrants and rooming houses. D.
SIcRAE, 837 Mission.
J1W— RESTAURANT; worth double; also res-
taurant and bar on the water front- Inquire
•f D. McRAE Furniture Co.. 837 Mission st.
A— WANTED— A good tenant for grand cor-
ner store and basement with fixtures suit-
able for grocery business; special lnduce-
ment*. Apply SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
HZ- 1 ) — FRENCH laundry, with all tools necea-
b_ry: doing fine business. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
PARTNER— Paying office business; apply at
ence. CLOSE & CO.. 2u8 Kearny st.
BL'SIXE^S — Learn to be a doctor in 20 mln-
utet. Nature provides for all (without
money). "We live in an ooean of electric
air." Press the nerve center and nature will
«lo the rest. The heart. Ftomach. liver and
_H parts axe Joined like a circuit of electric
lijrhu? and health comes quickly. Wonderful
eiscovcry- Full method free, with tests by
Tnlted States Government official, State
Geologist. M. D.'s. D. D.'s and leading citi-
r. rr Call or address room 16. California
Academy of Ecien.ce*, £19 Market «_. Saa
Francisco.
FOR eale— A f.rrt -class hotel containing 40
rooms, furnished throughout: In running
order: been open 10 years; on principal street:
the leading hotel; bar attached: at one of the
pmtnlnent rummer resorts, within 3 hours'
ride from San Francisco. Address for full par-
ticulars box S32S. Call offlce.
A— PLAT THE RACES- "
20 to B0 per cent profit monthly on our ne— r
cystem; call and Investigate. N. 6. HAND &
CO.. expert handicappers. 6Ult 12. H Kearny.
TO physicians — Good property and practice in
Cai. railroad town: S3000: no other physician .
Apply or call MISS TURNER, Seamen's
Home. cor. Main and Harrison sts., 8. F.
t4C>Q— GRAND opportunity for lady or gent; loca-
tion pertect: cigars, stationery, notions. Walt-
ln_ room. ISd-ave. station. E__t Oakland.
FOR sale— Fruit and vegetable store. Including
horse and wagon. 1E1 Ninth Bt.
FOR eale — First -rlans saloon; central; complete
stock. Box 22-2. Call office.
LODGING-llOLSES FOR SALE.
MONET loaned on lodging-houses. 1H p. o.;
anything you want In lodging-houses: s'zeplea:
£7 rooms; on Pcm-ell »t. : rent S175; pric*..tl&00
14 rooms; en Leaventtorth ; rent «12s; price 1200
16 rooms; en runny tide; rent $25; price.. "JO
7 roonr-B; on Geary bt. . rent $40; price.... 430
Z3 rooms: O'Farrell 6t_ : rent JSO; price... 550
8 rooms; Turk St.; rent J27; price 300
Fcr quick ealea list your house* with A. L.
¦R'lLLEY. 816 Market St.; phone Black 5215.
~~~ " MAIUON ORIFFIN.71I
Market •_. r. 1: tel.
Black 1S03. near the
Call bid*.; big frea
list.
A-TOO LATE FOR XMAS GIFT
Don't buy until you see
Our new list Wednesday. December 26.
KREDO & CO.. 36 Geary st_
LARGEST list lodging-houses: good bargains;
money loaned on furniture. 8CHWEINHARD.
rms. 1-2. 817 Market St.. bet. Fifth aad Sixth.
I/)DGIXO house and restaurant tn Stockton;
good for man and wife. Address JOHN Mc-
K1NSET, C47 West Market St.. Stockton.
COOD-PAYING roomlng-houie of 32 rooms for
sale: located at ___ Market Ft_ Call and see
rroprietor; good re&son for Belling:
J1100— 60 ROOMS; fine location; well furnished;
all ratted; low rent. BASILB. 3 Eddy st.
tSOO— A BARGAIN: 2« rooms; Market ¦_ CLOSE
& CO.. 209 Kearny ¦_
WATCH this space; new list; new houses; Dec
27. FISHER & CO.. 102J Mark* it
SI'IHITUALISM. i
MRS/dR. FARNHAM. world'renowried"splrlU
ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law-
cults, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
rntnln.T a specialty; clrs. Sun., Wed., Frl.ev*s;
come and be convinced. Permanently located
CIS Edoy Ft., bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings 'dally; teets to all to-night; 10c.
MRS*. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, but medium,
life reader. Died, clairvoyant. 116* O'Farrell. ,
EARLE, 205 Taylor et., corner Ellis— Sittings
dally: seance Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
MUG. MAJORS, sifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 14S Eddy st.
C Mayo-Steers, 112% Oak, trance medium;
roadinK?. $1 : hours, 1-5 p. m. ; tel. Howard 627.
CLAIKVO'/ASTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1208 Market
Bt..' corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
2C; take e!ev?.tor. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for pamphlet
¦with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. POUTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c:
Rents tl; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 00. 120 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently: advice
E'.ven in all affairs of life: satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 1" Thjrd st.. n?xt Examiner.
ISMAR, the l^Kyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
P-lmlst. permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
Cth; private readlncs dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. ro.
MRS. F. CORNELIA, formerly Mrs. Anthony.
has returned to business ; clairvoyant and
card reaflfr; ladies Cov. gents EOc. 46 7th st.
THE Quaker medium and palmist, 1104 Market
Bt., corner Mason, jiarlor 2S.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader me-
dium: 25c up. S23 Mission St.. nr. 4th; ring bell.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 6th; German spoken.
MME. ZEUEDA. the gypsy, i$ the great palm-
ist and card reader; J!5c. 7 Seventh st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. .clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S% Jessie st.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny *=t.. rooms S-10.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: nanrs given; 2Ie up. .6 Fourth st.
CARPET HEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 3C2-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
STANDARD. 213 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpets cleaned.
3c yd; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 6c.
STRATTON" S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet -Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 594. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIX'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGOXS.
AX A Xo. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for Kale cheap. C32 Mission.
NEW & 2<5-hsnd wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORKS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains: palnlrss cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter. j
COLLECTION OFFICES. ' |
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS.
AT~the ELECTR^-DENTaIl^LJNIC, 809~Ma£
ket ft , cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bide., you can \
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth ;
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
S3 60 up: plates, extractions free. {4 50 up; of-
Bee hours, S a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and bridgework. See our new ,
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted :
for CO years; crowns, $3 £.0; fillings, 50c; plates,
' 55, full set; all work painless and warranted. ;
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth Et. ;
EIGHT prizes for be?t crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won- ¦
derful secret, painleFU method; 20 years* ex- ;
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed ; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
DE. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
-No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new: teeth
from JS per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
THE New Tork Dentists have moved to 969
Mission s_, cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless .extraction. 60c.
MODERN DENTAL PARLORS, 1206 Market
Bt. ; expert extracting, crown and bridgework.
A. L. SIMPSON, D. D. S.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 2S5 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
VAJC VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. ]001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DEPILATORV.
O. C. C. — A harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate ekin: agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag'cy. 42G Ellis.
DRESS3IAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
SIcDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School:
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. Ill Post.over O'Connor & Moftatt.
DRESSMAKING: reasonable Drices; dresses
made over: perfect fit. 3S7 Geary st.
KDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market , St.— Day
and evening; $S per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion. Including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
during the past 6 months; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F-— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. Bnglifh branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and nlsht sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
EVENING school. S. F. Business College, 1236
Market; individual instruction in bookkeep-
ing, shorthand, English branches; civil ser-
vice coaching; tuition $5 mo_tb.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tiens guaranteed to It by written contract,
• and can therefore with confldenoe guarantee
positions to all its graduates. 805 Larkln et.
MISS M. O. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 202 Mont cry.
ATTENTION! — TarT*s pupils thorough book-
keeping- figures; short time; college graduates
perfected; expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
XESS COLLEGE, 123S Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mlning.mech., sur-
vey, afsay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
KENT Law School — Students specially prepared
for examln— tlon ¦ 748 McAllister st.
PIANO, hist, of music, French and German.
MME. PRILL, Y. M. C. A. bldg... 5th floor.
MUNSON, School Shorthand, Typing Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 127 Mont' jr. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
TEACHERS' Agcy. A.McNIell,MRr.,r. 81, Flood
bldg. ; high school, grammar, private teachers.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio.
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTTNGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION; night class. 424 Pine »t.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; K mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for 81.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
4*1 Post st.: near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. ; est.
1870: practical recommend: try them: removed
to 413 Devlsadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce;
best help. 528 O'Farrell Bt. ; tel. Hyde 2191.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Offlce; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of -
flee; all kinds help. 313 Stockton; Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Emplyoment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 PowelUnr. Sutter; tel. Black 6072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. «11% O'Farrell St.; teL East 426.
'EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED by Eastern woman position as
working housekeeper; good home more of an
object than wages; no objection to going out
of town. 149 Taylor. - - - . • -.¦'-'-.
TRAINED nurse wants engagement with In-
valid; $10 per week if permanent. Box 832,Call.
POSITION wanted by well educated lady of
ability and refinement. Box 3380. Call office.
A LADY would like a position doing chamber-
work in a first-class hotel; city or country.
Box 3S06. Call efflce. _.
A WOMAN wishes a place to do work of axty
kind. 205 Natoma et.
ELDERLY lady wishes position as working
. housekeeper. Box 3964, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 room*; 26c to $1 60 night. *1 60 to J6
week: convenient und respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOVMEXT .WANTED MALE.
YOUNG man with wide experience in cream-
ery business, good butter maker and under-
stands machinery well, desires position ad
assistant in same. Box 3994, Call office.
COOK wants work: a good cook, hotel, restau-
rant, family; can do housework, gardening;
reliable mnn. Cook, 31S Minna st.
CARPENTER, good hand on repairs, who Is
also a competent house painter, desires work;
Elngle, middle-aged, sober and Industrious;
country preferred; moderate wages. Box
8975. CaJl office. ,
AMERICAN farmer, married man. wishes em-
ployment as foreman on a ranch; have had
experience; can give references. Call or ad-
dress R. F. DAWSON, 1920 Francisco St.,
East Berkele- Cal. -
STEADY, reliable young man would like Job
of driving a delivery or small milk route in
country town; wages reasonable. Address
room 21. 409^ Twelfth St., Oakland.
MAN of SO. with som-» experience In cabinet-
making and mlllwork, wants any kind of
work; shop or factory preferred. Box 3906,
Call office. •
YOUNG man desires position; writes and speaks
English, French, German and Hollandish.
Call 256 Winchester Hotel. "-. . .
FIRST-CLASS all-round job compositor and
pressman wants situation first of year; city or
country. Address M.. box 3983, Call office.
AMBITIOUS young man desires a position;
night work preferred; reference. Box 3990,
Call office.
BLACKSMITH and practical horseshoer wishes
position on ranch or in shop in small town,
or would rent shop and tools. Box 3962, CalL
POSITION as cashier by young man of ex-
perience: restaurant preferred; can keep
books. Box 3950. Call office. ¦_
AfcSAYER several years' experlenpe, has own
outfit, wishes position with mining company;
best of references. Box S943. Call office.
POSITION wanted by experienced valet; club
or private gentleman; reference. Box 3999,
Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED young man desires a position
as assistant engineer or fireman. In mines
preferred. Box 769. Call office.
EXPERIENCED offlce man wishes situation as
bookkeeper, accountant or other offlce work;
security given if wanted. A. B. box 722. Call.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
i received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fillmore st.
EXCHASGE._^__
IF you want to buy. sell or exchange anything
on earth, see E. J. LUNDIN. 935 Market St.;
500 shares Kilt edge oil stock; sacrifice.
EXTENSION OF PROTEST^ 7
EXTENSION of Protest— Captain Th. Henke.
master of the German ship Gertrud (Q. G.
D. T.). will extend his protest on Wednes-
day, . December 26, 1900, at 10 o'clock a. m.,
at the offlce of the Imperial German consulate
at this city, 318 Facr«imento st. San Fran-
i Cisco. December 21. 1900. O. LOHAN, Im-
perial German Vice Consul.
FLATS TO LET.
HARRISON. 1122B — 6-room flat; modern im-
provements; must be seen to be appreciated.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN 4 rooms and bath; yard and cellar.
812 Waller st., near Flllmore.
! 6-ROOM flat. 609 Grove St., $18; 6-room flat,
j 609U Grove St.. $22 EO. "
I $7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor St.. oft Bryant, bet.
j 7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant.
i — _«_—^ — — —————— —————————
! FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
I FURNISHED flat for sale; furnishings and flat
' brand new; rent $30; location choice. Ad-
j dress A. B., box 3S60, Call offlce.
FRATERNAL.
"CHOSEN FRIENDS" who are not over 65 and
in good health will find a proposition that
will interest them by calling on or writing
to S. A. D. JONES, 413 Claus Spreckels
I building, city. •
j FURNITURE FOR SALE.
I 4 ROOMS furnished In oak $4S 40. with No. 7
, range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
i *~~ — ~~~~~~~~~~~~— — ~~* ~~~~*~~ j *~^~*~~~~~~~~~j
; FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
j pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761. .
! TO receive highest value for fur., carpets, etc.,
see W. E. CODY, 757 Mission, tel. Red 3353.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
i Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel. Polk 691;
I furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
HELP WASTED FEMALE].
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, flrst-class hotel. $30; wait-
resses for Marysvllle, $22 60 and $20; Gait,
$20; Bakersneld, $20, fare paid; Napa, $20;
Pacific Grove, $20, fare paid; Colusa, $20,
fare paid; Lathrop, $20; 3 waitresses, south,
$20, free fare, see party here; 4 waitresses,
I city. $20; 2 chambermaids to wait. $20; res-
taurant waitresses, 56 and $7
' FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
House girl, 2 in family, Sonora, $30; house
girl on ranch, Martinez. $20, see party here;
house girl in bakery. $20; cook and second
girl or mother and daughter, city, $40; sec-
ond girl, choice place, $25; others, $20; cooks,
house girls, second girls, city and country,
very highest wages. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary Bt.
A— WANTED; an attendant for children in an
Institution, near city, $25 - per month, board,
room and laundry; a woman not under 3u
years of age and of a good disposition re-
qulred. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Girl to do general housework In
family of 2; must be good plain cook; wages
$15. Call 615 Baker st., 1 to 4; references.
SEWING Machine operators wanted at Levl
Strauss tc. Co.'s overall factory, 12% Fremont
st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman to wait on a
sick lady. Call at 407 O'Farrell st. to-day,
between S and 10 a m.
GIRL to assist with cooking and housework; 3
adults; $15. 1965 Union St., call mornings.
FIRST-CLASS waiters and dinner girls wanted.
808 Bush st. '_ ¦
WANTED— Girl for light housekeeping. Apply
at 1045 Mission st.;. wages $10 or $12 month.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats. Room
115. Phelan building. ¦¦;•
WANTED — A young lady cashier. The Palms
Restaurant, 7S3 Market St.
WANTED— A lady for housework; good home,
fair pay to right party; call after 2 p. m.
116 Taylor st. - . . .
WANTED — Woman, energetio and willing to
travel. Box 3986. Call.
WANTED— Neat colored woman to do mending.
Box 8992. Call offlce. . ¦ . -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at -. 1096
Valencia st. HW> ' y^sSdtH
HELP WANTED-MALB.
WANTED— Neat, clean office boy; good place
for good boy; must be quick and obedient;
big office: $3 -week to begin. Address box
3989. Call office.
WANTED— Tailors for seatroom. 803 Montgom-
- ery, third floor, room 6; machine furnished.
WANTED— First-class agent. Call 927 Market
Et., room 218, second floor.
WANTED— Tailors. . ROOS BROTHERS, 25-37
Kearny st.
WANTED- Locksmith or vise hand.- WM.' H.
OUTZMAN, . 1706 Dwight way.; Berkeley, | Cal.
BOYS wanted lor the holldayi. Apply at 807
Market Bt. * « - '
HELP WANTED-U-LB. . ; '/*%£'-.
AT C R." HANSEN & CO. .PHONE GRANT- 185
RAILROAD WORK
TEAMSTERS
LABORERS
TUNNELMEN
FREE FARE FREE FARE
BO tierrakers. lie and 12o a tie; 2 asphalt min-
ers, S2 a day; Scandinavian or German coach-
man, good references $30; German or Scandi-
navian milker. $30 to $35...
.;* HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Barkeeper for hotel in Arizona, $35 and found
and free fare; 3 hotel waiters, country, $30..
2 colored waiters, country hotel, $23.
, C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A — WANTED; bread baker for country shop,
$50 and found and half fare paid; plow hand
for Santa Clara County, $26; farmer, $20; 2
woodchoppers, $150 a cord; cook, $60; cook
for 15 men, $25 to $30. W. D. EWER & CO.,
. 610 Clay st. ¦
WANTED— Master of tugs— An examination
of applicants will be held at the Naval Train-
Ing Station, San Francisco, Cal.. January 3,
1901, for a master of tugs at $4 per diem. No
person will be appointed unless he is a quail-
fled tus caotaln and a flrst-class San Fran-
cisco Bay and contiguous waters and Pacific
Coast pilot from Astoria. Or., to San Diego,
Cal. The examination will be open to all
comers who can prlve evidence of experience
in conducting th? kind of work for which they
seek employment and who are citizens of the
United . States. Applications should be ad-
dressed to the Commandant, Naval Training
Station, San Francisco, Cal.. and must be de-
livered to him on or before Wednesday, Janu-
ary 2. No application received after this
date will be considered.- Each applicant will
state in his application his name, age, resi-
dence, citizenship, present occupation and
previous experience or work done. The ap-
' plications will be accompanied by evidence of
citizenship and • by certificates, preferably
from previous employers, as to character,
" habits of industry and sobriety and skill and
experience In conducting work of the kind
required. JOHN D. LONG.
¦:¦-¦ :-• ' Secretary ot the Navy..
A — One bench hand, 2 foremen for planing
mills,' 1 woodturner, 1 shaper hand, 1 cabinet
maker, 1 plasterer to put on Alpine, boss
plumber to figure on a large Job; all non-
union. Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 410
Kearny St., room 9. | .
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
free employ, bureau; only recog. union bar-
bers. 115 Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. Less, sec.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104,7th: tel. Jessie 158.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 420 Folsom it, near
First.
BARBER wanted steady: every afternoon.
Wednesday. Saturday and Sun. 1069 Howard.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter for steady Job who
will buy house on Installm't Box 3995, Call.
WANTED— A night clerk. Dewey House, 32
East st. ¦ ..¦...-¦ ¦ .'
DISHWASHER wanted; $30 a month. 315 Bush.
YOUNG man to drive milk wagon; German
preferred. 816 Treat ave. . : -
WANTED— A good first-class dinner waiter at
304 Mason st. ; wages $3 50 a week.
A GOOD cook. 434 Fifth st. " " -'.
DISHWASHER wanted; must carry trays. 87
Eddy st.
WANTED— Night cashier; all-round restaurant
man preferred. 29 Stockton st. .
WANTED — A rood cook for mechanics' board-
ing house. 227 Second st.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
S. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character, between th* ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet
1 inch in height: able to read, write and
speak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
St.. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — Popular man employed In the me-
chanical department of the Union Iron Works
to represent us during his leisure moments;
$100 per week for next year can easily be
marie by right party. Address In confidence
box 390S, Call office.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
Civil Service examination without Illustrated
catalogue of information; sent free. Columbi-
an Correspondence College, Washington, D. C.
BARBERS, attention— 4-chalr barber, shop on
central Market St.; flrst-class fixtures; good
Increasing trade: selling on account of going
East. Apply 103 Murphy building.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements: catalogue, free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE, GS5 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Tfiird St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
EXPERIENCED cutter for ladles' shirt waists
and underwear. BAUER BROS.' CO.. ?1
Sansome st.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop for sale; finest lo-
cation In Oakland. Call at WILL & FINCK'S.
81S Market st.. San , Francisco.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15o and
20c. Boston House, S30 Howard st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., old reliable
firm.' 806 Market, room 40, Phelan building.
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard St.,
S. F. Barber School. __^
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10%
Valencia st. <¦
H F. MORHHOIDS. ~^
A^Y^c_se~oiTpilM, Plles~pliieTr^IieTr^>ver~200
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments; no interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES. LIVB STOCK, Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any | address In the
United fitates or Canada one year for $1.
HOUSES TO LET.
A-PKINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN &. CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES WANTED.
HOUSE with large grounds for garden in or
as near city as possible. Address box 2065,
Call office.
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. RAYMOND— "strictly reliable: teaches
hypnotism In five lessons for $5. 997 Market st.
INVALID C11AIKS AN1> TKICVCLKS.
SOLD and rented; roanfr. ot the Eames tricycle
ct'air. EAMKS Trlcvl« Co.. ;iW Market »t.
LOST A?U> FOUKI) V " ~~~
LOST— Irish setter; white breast; licence No.
2521. Return to 1589 Market st and receive
reward.
CHILD'S green velvet collar, lace and fur
trimmings. Suitable reward If left at Palace
Hotel Monday.
LOST— Sunday, Dec. 23, small work book. R.
T. BAKER, 857 Bryant st.; liberal reward.
PAIR gold spectacles in Morocco case. Leave
at 42 McAllister st. and receive reward. -
WHITE and black fox terrier bitch pup; re-
\ ward at 38 Stockton st.
LEFT on boat San Rafael on Monday, the 17th,
a valise with name MRS. V. J. B. CHEDA.
San Rafael. Return to Marin County Bank.
San Rafael; liberal reward; or Mr. Charles
Grandjean, with Shreve & Co..' Jewelers.
FUR cape with foreign letter in pocket; taken
from Saratoga Hall, Dec. 8. $20 paid and no
questions asked for return to HANA PADDA,
899 Fulton st. y ;, ;
LOST— A green leather, purse containing money
and certificate of deDOsit. Return to Anna
M. Chllberg. 1820 Market St. :* reward. -
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL gentlemen wishing to marry wealthy send
10c for latest list. MR3. HERTZ. 706 Ellis »t.
MEDICAL^ ~~
MRX % _5R7Tc0_aT^9TM_rket's_.^ corrsixUv^
Safe and reliable ladies' physician; treatment
$5; positive cure guaranteed; when others fall
consult, free. ; MRS. PR. KOHL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St., "bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES, 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists; ; 32 years' •• practice; positive cure
/guaranteed: -ladles treated can return same
'day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps dr.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007% Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' practice lnS. F., a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of i cases ; unexcelled auocess; see, free.
'¦ ';;:-¦¦_ /-¦¦- MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladles spe-
cialist; safe and sure cure, $5; best care; low
¦¦ fees; when all others fall consult free.
LADIES' Home Remedy Co.. 212 Ellis et. Prt-
- vate diseases of women ; satisfaction guaran-
teed or money refunded; sanatorium.
PR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1118 Market st.
DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years for female
troubles. 323 Kearny et. ; call and see me.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladles' specialist; • home
: for patients. F04 Eddy st. -
DR. NG TOY KBE cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 Sacramento St., near Kearny.
AlISCELLAM-OUS — FOR SA1_~>.
BOILERS, Engines, "d-hand machinery. Mc-
I^ITOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we clway.
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017, - 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A BEAUTIFUL cluster dia. ring, containing 20
diamonds and fine opal in the center for $130;
is a bantam at $200. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave.: /
AN opportunity to secure rich, reliable Jewels
and other handsome holiday gifts at half
UNCLE HARRIS* 15 Grant avef *
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 lown an.l
$5 per month: write for catalogue And price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
st. ; rentals, new . machines, $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines,' boilers, water pipes, shartlng pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JABJDINE'S, 220 Fremont St.
TWO thoroughbred black and tan pups. $20. 17
Adeline place, off Taylor, near Post
GAS engine, one horsepower, $75; can be seen
at work. Shirt Store. 635 Valencia st.
SINGING canaries, *2 each; large bird cage;
also pai r O f bantams. <2. 124 Eureka at.
2D-HAND steam, gas, oil, water and air ma-
•¦ chinery bought and sold. White, 516 Mission.
FUR capes; drummers' samples at one-half re-
3 tatlers' prices. Cal. Loan Office, 32 Stockton. ;
FINE old three-quarter violin; Keith & Prowse.
: London. 162 Jessie, cor, Annie, opp. Palace.
BLUE gum piles for sale. Apply PAUL KEY-
KER, 206 Clay st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Bealo.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and Ore and burglar
proof safe. 216 California Bt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HEU-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-han<I; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
.. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED^O black klttens'for "Naughty
Anthony." Apply Alcazar Theater, Monday
at 2 o'clock.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought Jk
sold. Silverman, 984 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
WANTOD-Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITKKBAP. 171» Market sf.
MONEY .TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture., pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be -waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-89 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA — BEST rates and easiest terms.
....*. Second Mortgages
Interest in Estates
....... Undivided Interest In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and stzes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages,' undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle bullying. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A— $500,000 on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc:
no removal, no commission; strictly confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co., 222 Sansome, rm. 2.
CASH loaned on salaries. New York plan.
THE TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs.; ctty. country: 6% undi-
vided ints. : estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 366 Parrott bulld-
lng; men can secure loans on personal note.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confiden-
tial; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bulldlne.
TO salaried people without collatertal or in-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bid.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person having use for a: piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Stelnway. dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter ets., San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oak-
land.
NOTWITHSTANDING our enormous sales of
the past few days, we are still able to offer
a few bargains for holiday gifts. Good pianos
as low as $100 and many styles at almost
your own price. Open evenings. MAUVAIS,
769 Market st. ¦
DO not be deceived by alluring promises of any
one to give you something for nothing, but
come to a reliable firm 'like ours and pay a
fair price and get a piano that will wear and
give satisfaction. Tou never make a mistake
when you buy a Decker & Son, Packard or
Baumeister. See them and be convinced.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st. . :
A GREAT clearing up sale; all 1900 styles 25
per cent discount. Net bargains for holidays:
Guild $33
Emerson • •'••• $83
Fisher • $85
Decker ..;... •••' •••• $1*3
Btelnway upright, slightly used $1X5
.Chlckering $215
Hallett & Davis .....$475
Heine •• •'• ••• 1485
Rent allowed: Installments, $6 down. $6 per
month up: open evenings. HEINE PIANO
CO.. 217 Geary st. - - ..¦¦¦; ¦¦•-.-.
ABSOLUTELY/ the ; oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26.
23 and , 30 " O' Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of . all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
7" customer. - ' : . -
A BIG sale of pianos now going on; all pianos
at reduced prices; fine large one, $155; num-
ber on time limited: agency Chlckering-. Ma-
son &¦ Hamlln, Vose. Sterling, etc . BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.; open even-
Ings. - ¦ "¦ - ' .
BARGAINS — Pianos on " Htorage almost given
away: also car fine new Dianos stored from
factory: must be sold at once- to realize stor-
age and freight; installments; open evenings.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1710 Market at
BYRON MAUZY, agency 'Sohmer & Co., Byron
-. Mauiy, Gabler and Speilman pianos. SOS Post.
SPECIAL sale— Immense ¦ reductions; : see our
leader, only $1BO. BRUKNN, 208 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS upright piano for sale cheap;
must sell. 813 Laguna et. '
A GOOD banjo, mandolin or guitar in exchange
-• for typewriter. Box 3909, • Call office.
LARGE 3-pedal upright piano, used 6 mo. : leav-
jlng city. .419 Van Ness ave..nr. McAllister.
THREE-rEDAL upright : nearly new ; bargain;
owner leaving city. 2233 Mission st.
GREAT many bargains In 2nd-hand uprights;
email ¦ Installments. Hornung, 216. McAllister.
MPSICAJ- INSTRUMENTS.
LAST call— A few of the late arrivals of up-
rights left: must be sold: easy terms. DEW-
ING COMPANY, room 12. Flood building.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO., 814 Post.
AT KEEFFETS. 933 Market st, 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock In city: new pianos, *3 per
month. SCOTT-CURT AZ, . 560 Hayes st.
PIANO, fine upright, must be sold by Monday;
great sacrifice; »50. 1239 Mission st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16. McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
CHICKERING .upright, left on storage. J1S7.
Room 36. 217 Geary st. ¦ •'-'
OFFICES A.\U STORKS TO LKT.
A— MARKET st. store: 2 fronts; 25x175 feet:
concrete basement; 1132 Market: at reduced
rent good tenant. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
FINE store, good chance for grocery business.
1122B Harrison st.
OIL.
THE only map of the Kern River district,
showing owners, wells, rigs and roads to date;
$2 on paper; $3 mounted; absolutely complete:
limited number. See or write GEO. W. AUS-
TIN, Producers' Oil Exchange, Mills build-
ing, S.. F. •
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
OIL LA.\US FOIl SALE.
KERN River Oil Lands— Proven territory In
the well-known tract of "Grace Oil Co." for
sale; also other oil land for sale or lease; meat
wonderful oil field known; over 530 feet of oil
sand; buy from owners and save commissions;
have been in field from start; will give you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON,
CARMAN & SOMES. 101 Chronicle bldg.. San
Francisco: 416 Douglas Block. Los Angeles;
Southern Hotel. Bakersfleld.
PALMISTRT.
H. JEROME FOSS_r_LI."screnti_c T palmist. 515
Taylor »t.. bet. Genry and P«w>t: tel. RI».*V K*V
P^TENl S AND P F.XSIOy.S.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
I'EUSOXALS.
OWEN McCABE, importer, dealer in feathers:
hair mattress and pillow manufactory; old
feathe.-s renovated and purified; all feathers
sold warranted well dressed with my patent
steam renovator. 870 Mission, tel. Jessie 1114.
GENTLEMAN wishes to form acquaintance of
refined young lady; object matrimony. Ad-
dress Box 801, Call office.
TO the members of the First Regiment Band—
The band will not turn out to-day.
C. R. MOORE.
A PRETTY little blonde girl 2 years old for
adoption in a good home. MRS. DR. FUNKE,
1416 Eighth st. Alameda.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; tl; at all druggists.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAT, 357 Jessie st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS. teL South 792.
made to order, renovated: honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed: fine uphol-
stery; goods carefully packed for shipment cr
fctorajre. HOPKE BROS.. 318 and 320 Uth st.
PICTURES and picture frames of all descrip-
tions made to order; portraits enlarged; we
do all kinds of framing. California Frame Co..
805 Howard: open evenings; tel. Howard 1073.
ELECTRIC light lh every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
Superfluous hair removed with electric needle;
electric roller facial treatment for wrinkles;
-all branches taught. Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
HAIR r,ob't:vely grown on bald heaos by pur-jly
veetolabl* c-tnround; absolute proof. Call or
address DR. G. S. MOORE. 489 Geary St.. S.F.
SUITS to order on installments; $15 upward; U
a week. LEON LEMO3. 1117 Market St.. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron beda, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1S10-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, 12 7_ MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A— J3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
DANICHEFF selle holiday glove orders, good for
gloves ready-made or to order. 121 Grant ave.
MASQUERADE costumes,, play .books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint.. the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists. '
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing r Co., 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
CANCERS and tumors cured without surgical
operation. DR. J. H. REEVE. 26H Kearny.
~~~~ PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED — Cottage 4 or J rooms; high base-
ment: Mission. Box 3373, Call office.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
BARGAIN— The last of those fine cottages at
30th and Church sts.: 5 rooms; all modern Im-
provements and 3-room flat in lower floor;
email amount cash, balance same as rent; Bee
owner on premises.
WANTED — To purchase lots between First and
Twelfth aves.. Lake and D sts. W. J. GUNN.
530 California St., Detween Montgomery and
Kearny.
$S0 EACH for two lots: $10 cash. $10 per month;
no interest. Apply 323 Clement st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
A CHRISTMAS gift of $10,000; $3 for $1: don't
be such a fool as to doubt without Investi-
gation: Just think of it. only $35 per acre for
a lovely tract of 100 acres;, the finest land
on earth; almost adjoining the depot and
steamer landing of Napa city: all highly culti-
vated level loam: 20 acres perfect garden land;
living creek forms one boundary; Includes
c-op now looking fine, worth $1500: easy terms;
must be sold before New Year's. Take my ad-
vice and buy this on speculation or for lovely
home. It's worth and will soon bring $200
LAND AGENT-
6 Geary st.
$7000—700 ACRES situated In San Benlto Co..
18 miles from Holllster: 20 acres bearing or-
chard; 100 acres nearly level; balance rich
rolling hills; common farm buildings; land is
suitable for fruit, hay and stock raising; will
sell very cheap or exchange for residence or
small acreage around the bay. W. O. GRIF-
FITH, rms Sll-312-313 Hearst Bldg.
FINE) ranch near Watsonvllle; will sell all or
half Interest below value to right person who
will move on place; best offer will take It. as
I cannot give It personal attention: easy
terms; low interest. OWNER, box 3972. Call.
ACCURATE knowledge, each of the 3000 ranch-
es on my sale and exchange list— more than
all other agents In city; state what's wanted.
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary «t-
CIRCULARS free. M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market St.,
sells and exchanges city and country property.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address tn the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
no«tag«» wM.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ONE of the most elegant homes in the city of
Alameda at a sacrifice.
One excellent house, 8 rooms, servant's room
and bath. In the best part of Alameda. will be
eold at a preat bargain. LEONARD & LEON-
ARD. 205 Montgomery st.. San Fr-nclsco.
ELEGANT new 8-room house; lot 50x119; palm
and fruit trees; $3300; new 5-room cottag*
$1850; 6-room cottage. $2400; three bargains'
See J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
' BERKELEY RKAL ESTATE.
$4500— A NEW house of~V rooms and bath- f?n_
corner lot; only 2 blocks from the university
grounds; complete In every particular.
$3500— A thoroughly well-built house of 7
rooms: large, lot: only 2 blocks from E>wiz*{
T "7 , B _! tl ? ll Y OnIy , a Wocks fr °m ™^ool_o_je
and 1 block from electric railroad; street work
all done and on the sunny side of street.
-Live under your own vine and fig tree; house
Sen xu?i m of -SS? 1^ »«uated; h g£!
Haven't you had a longing all your life to
go to chicken raising? Now this is tie OP ?
portunlty. A fine large lot.- frontl_rwin »
KK&P ToT^rVM
, Apply to MASON J_ McLENATHEN.' adjoto.
ing Postof flee. Berkeley. . ««j»u«c
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IHS BROADWAY.
' OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$S30— A SMALL home of 4 rooms and bath; must
be sold: 39th st.. near Telegraph ave.: r.xico.
A. J. SXTDEtR & CO.. Real Estate. 467 Niath
St.. Oakland. Cal.
J73O-4 ROOMS; 33_10O; must be sold. A. J.
SNTDER & CO.. 4S7 Ninth St.. Oakland.
ONLY J2O per foot — Here's your chance to get
a fine lot on the Heights, between Telegraph
ave. and Broadway. BURR & HOLMES, 460
Tenth st.. Oakland. .
OAKLA.\n FIHMTMIE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellbaas, tb«
furnitcre dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
RBAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
NBW -ottae- « rms.. bath; lot 60x100: Mission;
rental terms: and vacant lots. 41J Kenmy st.
' ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS. 639, corner Larkln — Front bay-wlndoxr
alcove, kitchen and gas stove; single or suite.
FIFTH. 353— Furnished for housekeeping. 2 dou-
blj parlors, kitchen, bath. CO; also single, IS.
FOLSOM. 525— Largo sunny room; light house-
keeping; U SO week.
HOWARD. 84.1—2 or 3 housekeeping rooms; also
single. Apply at 823 Howard st.
MARKET, nr. Mason— Lance sunny front ra.,
kitchen, folding bed, gas. |i;. Call 342 Kearny.
SIXTH, 119A— Sunny rooms, double and single,
modern improvements: also housekeeping.
STOCKTON, 1307 — Furnished rooms for house-
keeplng: rent cheap.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Finmore «t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET- -Fora, and t'nfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant a~a.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; laree rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms 50c up; flrst-class meals 23c; free coach.
A-BRUSSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms 25o
to- n per night; $1 25 to $3 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. sultea. single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. B20 (The Elk) — Nicely furnished sutiny
rms. : day, 25c up; wk.. Jl 60 up. Mrs. P. Ranft.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
LT>DT. 723— Elegant furnished suite, parlor
floor r ¦walking distance.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast comer Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suit* or
single: ladles' parlor: reading-room: elevator.
GEARY. 4O5(The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh^l
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
LAS PALMAS, 1S20 Market St.— Suite of S or 3
rms.; private: bath: sin. rms.; board optional.
LEWIS place. IS— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let; single or >n suite.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. 12 a week up: 33c a day up.
NINTH. 113—2 sunny furnished front rooms;
running water and bath: reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms ard
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
POST, 1C15A— Beautifully furnished rooms:
terms reasonable; every convenience; walking
distance.
ROYAL House, 128 Ellis st.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to SI 50; -week. S3 to
$8; month. J8 to J3O; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1; week, tl 25 to 14; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTER, 320^— Changed hands: newly reno-
vated; single rooms. JS; suites, J12 to 32S mo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2CC0 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subflcriptlons has been- established at 10SS
Valencia St.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex 807 California St.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive «nd «!?htly rooms at modest r*t«m.
ROOMS WANTED.
THREE furnished rooms for ho-sekeepla*:
us* of yard: central. Box 33M. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ,
OFFICE of the Collector of Customs. Port of San
Francisco. Cal.. December 18. 1900— Notice is
hereby given that the Commissioner of Navi-
gation, under date of December 13, 1300. has
authorized a change In the name of the steam
tujr L. LUCKENBACH to DEFIANCE. Said
vessel was built In 1SS3: official number 141.-
021: gross tonnage 241: owner. J. D. Spreckels
& Bros. Company. F. S. STRATTON. Col-
lector of Customs.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mad*;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41.1 Montgomery st.. rooms S-10: tel. 5SS0.
SLOT MACHINES.
SLOT machines— Latest style: $49 each. 1161
Market st.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 763.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 723 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates.
~~ ASSESSMENT AOTICES.
ASSESSMENT Notice — Honolulu Plantation
Company, location of principal place of busi-
ness. San Francisco. Cal.— Notice la hereby
given that at a meeting of the board of di-
rectors, held on the 17th day of December.
1900, an assessment. No. 3. of one ( Jl) dollar
per share was levied upon the capital stoci
of the corporation, payable Immediately la
United States gold coin, to the secretary, at
the office of the company. 327 Market street.
San Francisco. Cal.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 30th day of January,
1901, will be delinquent and advertised for
Eale at public auction, and unless payment is
made before, will be sold on Tuesday, the
19th day of February. 1901. to p»y the de-
linquent assessment, together with the coat
of advertising and expenses of rale.
E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of Honolulu Plantation Company.
Office located at 327 Market street. Saa
Francisco, Cal.
ASSESSMENT Notice— Honolulu Sugar Com«
pany, location of principal place of business.
San Francisco, Cal. — Notice i_ hereby given
that at a meeting of the board of directors,
held on the 17th day of December. 1900. an
'assessment, No. 11. of nine ($9) dollars per
¦hare was levied upon the capital stock of the
corporation, payable immediately In United
States sold coin, to the secretary, at the of-
fice of the company, _ 327 Market stre«t, Saa
Francisco, Cal.
Any stcck upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 30th day of January.
1901. will be delinquent and advertised for
sale at public auction, and nnlesa payment
Is made before will be sold on Tuesday, the
19th day of February, 1901, to pay the de-
linquent assessment, together with the cost
of advertising and expenses of sale.
E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of Honolulu Sugar Company.
Office located at 327 Market street, Saa
Francisco, Cal. v
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
A DIVIDEND In liquidation of S per c«nt on
all deposits haa been declared by The Califor-
nia Savings and Loan Society, payable on and
after Friday. December 14. _W0. at the office
of the society. Mills building. 2d floor, room
28. CHAS. D. FARQUHARSON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Mutual Savings Bank ef
San Francisco. 32 Post st.-For the half year
ending December 31. 190O. a dividend has b-en
declared at the rate of three (3) per cent p«»
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Wednesday. January J.
190L GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. IS
Geary St.— The directors have declared a divi-
dend of 3%. per cent per annum on Its de-
posits, payable on and after January 2, 1901.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 112 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the of nee ot
the company. J27 Market st., on and after
Wednesday, January J. 1901. Transfer book-
close on Wednesday. December 28. woo. at S
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secy.
BAN Francisco Savings Union. S33 California
st-, corner Webb. For the half year ending
with the 31st of December, 19C0, a dividend haj
been declared at the rate per annum of thre.
and six-tenths (3 6-10) per cent on term de-
pcslts and three (3) per cent on ordinary de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Wednesday. January 2, 1901.
. LOVELL WHITE, Caahlar.
DIVIDEND Notice— The German Savings and
Loan Society. G2S California street. For the
half year ending with December 31. 1)00. m
dividend has been declared at the rate ot
three and one-quarter (3VO per cent per an-
num on all deposits, free ot taxes, payabla
Ten and after Wednesday, January i. 190-
Z&smfcttifZkf '- ' -CEORGB TOURNY. Secretary.National Aid Association.
The « children's nisrht of the National
Aid Association -will ba held In the social
hall of the. Foresters' tmlldinsr on tho
night of the 21st, when there will be a
Christmas tree, grabbag and presents for
all the little ones.
HOTEL ABHIVALS.
GRAND HOTEI
A. M Allen, Chgo
r E Dallyn, Cal
F A ArnoM. Chgo
0 MorriF, Cascade
C D Morris. Cascade
H E Harrison, Cal
E L Hall, Stanford
tV S Dreypoiph^r. Cal
Dr J E Conn: Napa
IV I) Wilson. Fowler
1 McDonnell. Menlo
F A Seymour. Cal
A. B Luther, Chgo
3 C Hall & fam, Mon
mouth
I T Lucas & fam, Cal
1 Molera. CaJ
*V Morgan. Tuceon
P C mack, Oakland
2 E Wilson. S Jose
F C Whitney. Oaklni
J P Cullen. Cal
I F Figueroa, Ca!
I B Cocper, Ht Spgs
I W Mally, Martinez
I E White. Stanford
T Graum, Cal
E O Putnam, Cal
F F Potts. Spokane
I I) Van Vlick. L Ang
3 Lyons. Cal
Mrs T C Vann & son,
Cal
W L Cole, Keswick
W J Philliiw, Portland
J Champion, Cal
H Mallich. Marysvllle
C H Dexter & w. Seattl
O S Harris, S Rosa
S L Hogue, Fresno
L P Best & w. Butte
W A Driseoll. L Ang
O T Moore & w. Gilroy
Miss I Sargent. Gllroy
E R Harty, N Y
G R Lumbard, S Jo.se
H H HIotkI, BkvsfleK
J T Stocker, S «iuentin
H H Forrey. Sacto
J G Lnyten. Lovelock
W D Minckler. Susanvl
H K Goodwin. Boston
G F Gllens & w. Cal
H Thomas A w, Denvr
Mrs L F Trea?. Chgo
L It PounUstone, Cal
C A Davis, Placervllie
J D i-ivils, Sacto
W J Nord. Vallejo
Mrs T C Edwards, Cal
M J Clarence, S Jose
D B Hanson, Seattle
M E Hanson. Seattle
K Hanson, Seattle
J E Merryman & w,
Chicago
A Pennington, Uklah
E N Jenkins, S Lake
R M Chevault, Cal
\V W Moreland, Hldsbg
C Hay dock, Los Ang
Ii B Butler, Fresno
T A Fisher. Los Ang
PALACE HOTEL
3 H O'Brien. Chicago
Mrs E A Miller, Cal
I W Kline. Phlladel
I L Myers, New York
Max Straus, St Louis
Louis Straus, St Louis
E V Livens, Bluff ton
II F Perry & wf. Ind
L A Levy & wfj Paris
W H Greenburg. Sac
P J Cannon, Salt Lk
D George. Denver
C C Seeley, Stanford
B F Smith, Cal
I II Ullman. Chicago
Mrs M R Randall Wsh
Miss G Randall. Mont
J Owen, Stockton .
C Dunphy. Mlllbrae
J R Scott & wf, L,os A
Miss Scott. Los Ang
D E May. Salt Lake
Li J Ix>masney. N Y
H R BakT, Ross Val
A W Uallard & w, LA
J E Ballin, New York
W R Patton & wf, NT
E V Church, Chicago
A C Vincent & w, Chg
B W Freer & w, Cal
Brig Gen Egan, USA
J L Morrison, Ind
E E Silk. Detroit
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 2^—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, a* compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall In last twenty-four hours.
Ban Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
K; minimum. 46; mean. fix.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST
A etorm of moderate energy is central off the
"tt'aEhiiujton coast, causing- rain over the west
ern portion of Washington and Northwestern
Oregon, and cloudy weather from San Fran
cisco northward and eastward to the Rocky
Mountains. The weather Is clear over Southern
California. Utah and Arizona.
The pressure has fallen quite rapidly over
AVeshinrton. Oreson and Northwestern Cali
fornia, and risen slowly over the Rocky Moun
tain region.
The temperature changes have been slight in
all districts and the temperature Is nearly noi
mal.
Conditions are favorable for showers in
California from San Francisco northward Mon
day with brisk southerly wind ott the northern
coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight December 24:
Northern California— Cloudy Monday with
showers in north portion; fresh to brisk south
erly wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; light
northwest wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Monday; probable Ehowers
In north portion.
Utah— Fair Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
Een Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Monday.
probably with showers; fresh southerly wind.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
Degree of Pocahontas.
During the current month Great Poca
hontas Mrs. Jennie Weifcel has made offi
cial visits to councils as follows: Teh&ma,
at Oak Park. Sacramento; Wenonah, Sac
ramento: Hiawatha, Stockton; Kaw
¦Wah-JClta. Stockton; Yosemite. Alameda;
Ramona. Matoka and AJfarata, San Fran
cisco. She will make the following visits
to councils in January: Sth. to Pocahon
tas. San Francisco: 10th. to Oneida, San
Francisco; 11th. to Potomac, San Francis
co: 17th, to Mennchaha, Vallejo. and l&th,
to Ioka Council. Vallejo.
trio, under the leadership of Charles E.
Schmltt; first violin. C. E. Schmitt; sec-*
ond violin, John Hedley; cello. A. Pauella.
Services at St. Patrick's Church on Mis
sion street, between Third and Fourth,
wiil be of the most solemn character. The
song service will be rendered by the fol
lowing singers: Sopranos— Misa Etta
Welch; Miss Marie Bernard. Miss Frances
Hausman, Miss Xonle Sullivan. Miss
Mary Anthony, Miss Margaret Anthony,
Miss Kate Robinson, Miss Kate Turner.
Miss Mollie Glover. Miss Agatha Glover.
Miss Ella Cronln, - Miss Nellie Sheeny,
Miss May McGinerty. Miss Mary McDer
mott. Miss Mary Radlleu, Miss Annie
Finn, Miss May Lyne, Miss Jennie Mc-
Carthy, Miss Lily Byrne, Miss Mary Kin
dergan. Miss Loretta Brady. Miss Lizzie
Fuller, Miss Katie Cussack; altos— Miss
Genevieve Sullivan, Miss May Irvine,
Miss Kate Fuller, Miss Ethyl Brown. MI93
Gertie Cronin,.Miss Margaret Ma&uire.
Miss Celia Feeny, Miss Gertie McCarthy;
tenors— John O'Brien, Thomas O'Brier,,
Maurice Corridan, James McBrearty,
James Lamey, John Griften, Ignatius
Kerr, Al Rudolphus; bassos— William Gir
ard, Roy Kay, John O'Brien, James
O'Brien, David Barry, William Fitzger
ald, Thomas Leach, Frank Rudolphus;
musical director, Curt C. Davis; organist.
Miss • Mary Short. At the offer
tory Miss Etta Welch will sing
Adams' "Noel," assisted by the choir.
Before mass St. Patrick's Choral
Society will sing in the sanctuary, "The
fenow Lay on the Ground," the refrain be
ing taken up by the choir.
At Corpus Christi Church masses will
be celebrated at 5:30, 7, 8:30 and 11:30 a. m.
At the solemn high mass, at 10:30, Glorza's
"First Mass" will be sung by an aug
mented choir under the direction of Miss
Mary Rodgers, the organist. The singers
will be: Sopranos— Miss M. Reilly, Misa
R. Broderick; contraltos— Mrs. Cato, Miss
C. Stevens, Miss A. O. Sullivan; tenors-
George Olivia, J. Broyer.
Christmas services will be held to-mor
rcw at St. Markus' Lutheran Church, on
O'Farrell street, between Franklin and
Gough, commencing at 10:30 o'clock.
There will be a sermon by the pastor.
Rev. J. Fuendeling. The choir, led by
Professor E. Werner, the organist, will
render the following musical programme:
Selections from Bach: "Te Deum," Bort
niansky; "Sanctus," Gounod; "Christmas
Carol," E. Werner; "Christmas Hymn,"
Handel.
There will be a Christmas festival for
the St. Marcus Sunday school on Wednes
day evening, pommencing at 7 o'clock.
Two Christmas cantatas will be given —
"The Christmas Crusade" and "The Holy
Night." There will also be a Christmas
festival for the Martin Luther Bund on
Friday, December 28, at 8 o'clock. A very
interesting programme has been preparcit.
At the Central Methodist Episcopal |
Church a programme of prayer and music
will be rendered to-morrow evening,
which will be followed by a cantata,
"Santa Claus" Dream," which will be giv
en under the direction of the Sunday
school Christmas committee. The pro
pramme will be as follows: Song, "Come.
Thou Almighty King," school: prayer and !
responsive reading; soni?. "Joy to the
World," school; solo. "This Little Girl
With a Brown Curl," Florence Phillips:
recitation, "Little Joe," Gladys Brown
Wilson: solo. "My Dolly's Altered So."
Emma Goldman; • song, "Jesus Shall
Reign," school.
The pretty custom of singing carols on
Christmas eve will be repeated to-night
by the well trained boy choir of the
Cathedral Mission of the Good Samaritan.
LaFt year the great court of the Palace
Hotel was crowded with c'elighted listen
era. Miss Brown, organist of the mission.
will direct. The boys are due at the Pal
ace at 7:45 p. m.; Grand, 8:20 p. m.; St.
Nicholas, 9; Colonial, 10:15; Pleaaanton.
11:05, and Occidental, 11:30. Major Hooper
of the last named hostelry will provide
the usual feast for the young singers.
At. St. Brigid's Church, on the corner of
Van Ness avenue and Broadway, there
will be solemn high mass at 11 o'clock
Christmas morning. Rev. Father Joseph
A. McAuliffe will be celebrant. Rev.
Father John E, Cottle deacon and Rev.
Father M. P. Ryan subdeacon..
An augmented choir under the direction
of Mme. Coursen-Roeckel will sing the
following compositions, accompanied by
string and v/lnd instruments:
••Kyrle and Gloria," from Mozart's twelfth
mass; "Credo" (Weber), "Sanctus" and "Ag
nus Del" (La Hache), "Noel" (Adams),
"Adeste" (Novello) and "Laudate" (Handel);
Miss Grace Sherry will sing the soprano solos
in the "Gloria," "Sanctus" and "Agnus Del";
Senorita Andrea Majica will render the con
tralto solo of the "Gloria"; Mme. Coureen will
take the "Incarnatua" of the "Credo," and
the solos and duet of the "Laudate" with
Mile. Klena Roeckel, contralto. Mr. Pechln
will sing the bass solos of the "Gloria," "Noel"
and "Agnus Dei," Ed Latz, tenor, the second
solo of the "Agnus." Organist, Joseph Roeckel.
Christmas at St. Luke's will be cele
brated with the greatest ceremony and
with an unusually fine musical pro
gramme. A vested choir of fifty voices
under the direction of Wallace I. Sabin,
F. R. C. O., organist and choirmaster of
the church, will sing the anthems and
numbers of the services. There will -be
holy communion at 8 o'clock, and morn
ing prayer and holy communion, with full
cho'ral service, at half-past 10. The pro
gramme to be rendered at the service is
as follows:
Processional 49, "O. Come, All Te Faithful";
"Venite" (Woodward); psalms 19. 45, 85; "To
Deum"' in B flat, J. E. West; "Jubilate." in
B major, AVallace A. Sabin; introlt 51, "Hark,
the Herald Anzels Sing"; "Kyrie," eyre in E
flat; "Cfloria TIM," eyre In B flat; hymn 59,
••It Came Upon the Midnight" ; eermon by
Rev. Mr. Clark; "Gloria Patri"; .anthem,
"There Were Shepherds" (Foster); "Sursum
Corda," eyre in B flat; "Sanctus," . eyre in
E flat; communion hymn 225; "Agnus Dei,"
eyre in E flat; "Gloria In ETxcelsis." eyre In
E flat; "Nuno Dlmlttls" (Tarrant); recessional
53, "fihout the Glad Tidings."
The evening service will include the pro
cessional, "Verlcles," Psalms, "Gloria
Patrl," first lesson, "Cantate," "Bonum
Est," "Magnificat," second lesson. "Nunc
Dimittis," "Versicles," hymn sermon,
"Gloria Patri," anthem and the reces
sional.
At St. Agnes Church high mass will bo
at 11 o'clock. Gauss' first mass in D will
be rendered by Miss Agnes Devlin, so
prano; Miss Claire McDermott, alto; Al
bert Lissot and J. J. Lermen, tenors; Ed
ward M. Ginty and Harold Bashford,
bassos f Miss M. M. Baxnestead, • organist.
At All Hallow's Church, the masses -will
be at 6, 8 and 10:30 a. m. At the 6 o'clock
mass the sodality choir, composed of Miss
Aurie Silva, Miss May Dunn, Miss Annie
Silva and Miss*" Lizzie Harrington, so
pranos; Miss Lena Walters, Miss Josie
Hare and Miss L. Manley, altos, will sing
the "Adeste Fidelus," "Gloria" and
"Agnus Dei," from Leonard's "Third
Mass." The 10:30 mass will be celebrated
by Rev. Father O'Sulllvan. Camarososa's
grand military mass -will be suns' by the
regular choir, composed of Miss M. Cot
ter, Miss A. Ayers, Miss I* Turner, 80
pronos;Mrs. J. O'Brien, Miss Bre Pejruil
lan. Miss N. Regan and Miss A. Daley,
altos; Fred Grifflngr, B, Cano. tenors, and
George Cheney, basso* At the offertory
Miss - Bre Peguillan will sing Adams'
"Noel." The "Benedictus" will be sung
by Fred Grifflng, ; with cello obllgato .by
Professor Kussi Mrs. B. . Troy. Is direct
ress and organist.
Many Churches Held Services Yesterday, but the
Greater Services Will Be Held To-Morrow.
Preparations to Make the Day Remembered.
TAKE CHRIST
WITH YOU AS
YOUR SAVIOR
"If you come to Christ and
make a personal trial of him,
you will not go away disap
pointed. Seek him with your
eyes and your ears, and seek
him now, at the coming of the
last Christmas of the nine
teenth, century. It is a time
we will never see again, and
the opportunity should not be
lost. Seek him; find him: and
take Christ with you as your
personal savior on into the
years of the twentieth cen
tury." — Extract from the Christ
mas sermon of Rev. Dr. John
Hemphill.
Father Woody preached in the evening.
After the sermon the devotions in prepar
ation for the consecration of the twen
tieth century to the Lord were performed
for the last time. #
In the Central Methodist Episcopal
Church, the following programme was
rendered yesterday morning: Prelude;
gloria; creed; doxology; anthem — "Break
Forth. Oh ILeavenly Light." Bach; Scrip
ture lesson; prayer: solo— "Sing. Oh
Heavens," Youds, Miss Augusta New
port; announcements; offertory — "Con
tigne Noel," Adam, Robert Lloyd; hymn
190— "Hark the Herald Angels Sing"; ser
mon, Rev. Herbert Briggs; hymn 182— "As
With Gladness Men of Old."
In the evening the following were ren
dered: "Break Korth. Oh Heavenly
Light," Bach; hymn 188— "Hark, What
Mean Those Holy Voices?"; Nazar
eth, Gounod; Scripture lesson; hymn 193 —
"It Came Upon the Midnight Clear"; of
fertory, "O, Sing to God," Gounod; solo,
by Miss Lena Hochmelster; sermon, Rev.
Arthur Bripgs; hymn 19S— "While Shep
herds Watched." _
SERVICES FOR TO-MORROW.
Musical Progr amme3 to Be Rendered
and Masses to Be Sung.
All Catholic churches In the city will
hold services on Christmas day and in
most of them special efforts are being
made to have the services something
more than the ordlnarv even for Christ
mas. Masses will be celebrated from 5 in
the morning until 11, at which time solemn
high mass will be celebrated: In many
of the Catholic churches solemn high
mass will be celebrated at 5 o'clock in
the morning as well. The churches of
some denominations held their Christmas
services yesterday.
High mass will be celebrated at St.
Mary's Cathedral at 5 o'clock Christmas
morning, after which there will be mass
every half hour until 9:30. At 11 o'clock
the Most Rev. Archbishop will celebrate
solemn pontifical mass and give the papal
blessing. At the high mass on Christmas
morning the music will be rendered
by a mixed choir of fifty voices.
The soloists will be: Sopranos —
Miss. J. Cunningham ..-and Miss K.
Dunne; altos— Miss A., Sullivan and
Miss A. Conolly; tenors— E. J. Burns and
W. Solen: bassos— D. C. Deasy and A.
McGeorge; organist — Professor R. J. Har
rison. Christmas evening at 8 o'clock a
special programme or music will be ren
dered by the same choir, assisted by
a children's chorus of twenty voices.
At the 11 o'clock mass Haydn's Fourth
Mass will be sung by the following mem
bers of the choir: Sopranos— Miss Kath
erine Black and Mrs. Jennie Jones; altos
—Miss Julia Sullivan and Mrs. Wilbourn:
tenors— Daniel Manlloyd and Robert Mor
rissey; bass— S. J. Sandy and Mr. Von der
Kuhn. These voices will be augmented by
a vocal chorus and orchestra.
At St.- Ignatius Church solemn high
mass will be celebrated at 5 o'clock in the
morning. Very Rev. J. P. Frieden will
be celebrant, Rev. Father Bell deacon,
Mr. Ryan sub-deacon and Rev. Father
Culligan master of ceremonies. At half
past 10 there will be another solemn
high mass, with Rev. -Father Landry as
celeb rant, 'Rev. Father Boiler deacon,
Mr. Fleuren sub-deacon. Rev. Father
Forham will deliver the sermon. Bs
tween the two solemn high masses there
will be low masses without interruption.
In the evening there will be solemn ves
pers, a sermon by Rev. Father Joseph
Riordan and solemn benediction.
At the Church of Notre Dame des ViC
toires, 526 Bush street, masses will b?
said to-morrow from 5 o'clock to 9. At
the 9 o'clock mass a special programme
ot music will be rendered by the Young
Ladies' Sodality, accompanied by a full
string orchestra. Achill Artigues will be
organist. The soloists will be J. O'Brien,
Mr. Carle, Mr. Gabriel and Kmile J. Me-
Curdy. At 10:30 solemn high mass will
be celebrated by Rev. Father Hamet. S.
M.; Father J. Guibert, S. M., and J. Dry
er. S. M., acting as deacon and subdeacon.
The sermon will be delivered by Father
J. Guibert, S. M. The "Messe Solemelle"
of Gounod will be rendered; before mass,
"Adeste Fideles." At the offertory Ml9s
Reine Harden Hickey will sing "Noel"
(Adam): after mass "Laudate" (Moder
ate) will be given. The soloists will be:
Sopranos— Mrs. L. Bernard! and Misa
Belle Higgins: contraltos— Mrs. G. Cad
enasso and Miss R. Harden Hickey;
bassos — J. Fogarty and L. Flynn.
The following programme of music has
been prepared by the choir of St. Domin
ic's Church, corner Bush and Stein^r
streets, to be Bung on Christmas day at
the solemn high masses at 5 a. m. and 11
a. m., under the direction of the organist.
Franklin Palmer: "Adeste Fideles" (No
vello); "Kyrle," "Gloria" and "Agnus
Dei, from mass/No. 6, in honor of St.
Dominic (Lejeal); . soprano solo and
chorus, "Alma Virgo" (Hummel), Miss
Lily Roeder and choir: "Credo" and
"Sanctus" (Dvorak); tenor solo, "Noel"
(Adam), J. F. Veaco- bass solo and
chorus, "Nazareth" (Gounod), Walton
Webb and choir: organ pieces, fanta3la
on "Adeste Fideles." Franklin Palmer;
rhapsody on "Noel" (Gigout); variations
on a Christmas carol, Dethier: pastoral
sonata, Rheinberger; lullaby, "The Crib,"
F. Palmer.
High mass will be sung at the Holy
Cross Church at 5 o'clock and again at
11 o'clock on Christmas 'morning. The
choir will be composed of Miss G. Fro3t.
Miss E..-W McCloskey, Miss J. Cottl. Miss
N. Dagenais. Miss M. Wilbur. Macel Per
ron B. Baronda. -A. Messmer and Mr.
Kane. The selections will be "Kyrie,"
"Credo" and "Agnus ; Dei," from Merca
dante's four-voice mass; "Gloria," "Sane
tus" and "Benedlctus," from Haydn'a
"Imperial." - *
The following members of St. Theresa's
Church choir will render. De Mazzo'a
Mass on Christmas morning: Sopranos—
Mrs. Charles O'Connell and Miss Fannie
McMahon; altos— Mrs. John Sherin. Mra.
T. Ward and Miss Minnie Daly; tenors—
John Flood, William Roach, Air. McAl
lister and Joseph M. Hayes; bassos— J.- J.
Colgan and William Edminster. Organist,
Miss Fannie McMahon. - Adams' ' "Noel 1 '
will -be sung at thp offertory. .-, . .
Christmas musicwill.be rendered at St
Paul's Church. Twenty-ninth and Church
streets, by the following choir: Sopranos
—Mrs. R. Valerga, Mrs. Murphy; altos—
Miss M. F. Code. Miss E. Krieg; tenors—
Arthur. Boyce, C. Willey; bassos — R.'
Bournizeau. T. Rattlgan; offertory — A71
am's "Noel," tenor solo, Arthur Boyce;
"Ardeste. Fideles"; chorus; boys' surpllceJ
choir; organist. Miss Amelia F. Quinn:
violin. WT-F. Healey. .
"¦ The • choir ¦ of '• St." Charles ; Boromeo's
Church," Eighteenth ¦: and . Shot well streets,
will render a special^rogramme of sacred
music on Christmas . morning. The sing
ers will be: Sopranos— Misses Daisy V.
Keane,-:Dolly Morrell; ; altos — Misses Kate
F.". Byrne, Jane 'A.:. Macauley; '--tenors—
George F. Keane, Harry Dowdall; bassos
—Daniel Sheerin Jr.; George H.Creigh
ton, E. H. Cahill; soloists— Misa Keane.
Miss ¦ Byrne, Mr."- Keane. Mr. • Sheertn ; and
Mr.'.-.-Crelghton:;- organist* and ; director,'
Miss • Mira Burnett, assisted by • a string
*=^ HRISTMAS of 1900, the last of the
/Y grandest century of them all, will
\jL, be celebrated with solemn rever
v^^ ence In the churches of the city.
Some have already held their
rervices, but the greater number have
reserved their special homage to the
Savior for his natal day. Early In the
morning' the organs of the Catholic
churches wiil peal forth their praise, and
from that time on mass will follow mass
until 11 o'clock, when the great mass of
the day. the solemn high mass, will be
sung from every altar and organ loft.
In some churches the solemn high mass
will be celebrated, in the morning at 5
o'clock as well, but in all the principal
mass of the day will be at 11.
In the Episcopal churches the day will
also bo one of praise and thanksgiving
beyond the ordinary. In both Catholic
and Episcopal churches special attention
has been given to the musical features of
the service?, and it will probably be the
finest observance of Christmas that de
vout and reverent hearts can make it-
YOUNG MEN^S CHRISTMAS.
Sermon of the Rev. John Hemphill
Before the Calvary Congregation.
"What the Shepherds Saw in the First
Christmas and What Young Men May See
in the Present One" was the subject of
the Etrmon of Rev. John Hemphill, D.D.,
last evening at the services of the Calvary
congregation.
Dr. Hemphill began by describing the
reception by the shepherds of the tidings
of the birth of Christ. The Lord's angel
came to them in the hills, where they
were tending their flocks, and told them
and they believed and at once spread the
glad news. But at first they were afraid
of it — afraid the news was too good to be
true— tut they sought the manger of
Bethlehem to verify the message of God,
and they found it to be true, and they re
alized the power of the Redeemer.
Applying the story of the shepherds and
their acceptance of the news of the birth
of Christ and their search for the divine
Infant to the young men of to-day, Dr.
Hemphill proceeded' to tell how they
should receive God's message.
"First," he said, "If you hear good news,
spread it. as did the shepherds when they
heard of the coming of the Savior; and
if you have received a message from God,
don't keep it to yourself, spread it. Tell
every one you know; tell them, of the
power that has come to you and bring it
home to them.
"And don't be afraid of it. Don't be
afraid of good news 1 or of God's power,
and don't be afraid to acknowledge it and
to be known as one of his followers. And
don't shut your ears to God's message.
God rray be found by listening, by bend
ing the ear for his words of comfort and
by harking to his warnings. And If you
are persuaded that you hear, and that
what you hear is the truth, let it lead you
to action. When the shepheida heard of
the birth of the Savior they rose from
their beds at midnight and went to Beth
lehem that they might see the Son of God
and verify with their own eyes what
they had heard, and they came away sat
isfied.
"If you come to Christ and make a per
sonal trial of him you will not go away
disappcinted. Seek him with your eyes
and your ears, and seek him now, at the
coming of the last Christmas of the nine
teenth century. It Is a time we will never
pee . again, and the opportunity should
not be lost. Seek him; find him, and tako
Christ with you as your personal Savior
on into the years of the twentieth ¦ cen
tury."
SERVICES HELD YESTERDAY.
Early Celebrations in Many Churches
of the Christmas Holiday.
The following members of the West
minster Presbyterian Church choir ren
dered a special programme yesterday
morning and last evening: Sopranos —
Mrs. F. J. Thayer and Mrs. John R. Hill
man; altos— Mies Frances Maud Purdy
and Miss Mabel Gordon; tenors— W. H.
Davis and Charles IX Northrup; bassos —
James D. Graham and H. G. Eichenbergr;
Frank J. Thayer, organist and musical
director.
The choir of the First Congregational
Church, of which Rev. George C. Adams,
D. D., is pastor, rendered special music
at the morning and evening services of
yesterday. The singers were: Miss Grace
I. Davis, soprano; Mrs. W. G. Fonda, con
tralto; Mr L. A. Larsen, basso; Mr. Sam
uel D. Mayer, organist, tenor and choir
master, assisted on thi^ occasion by' Mrs.
L. A. Larsen, cornet.
The following members of the Plymouth
Congregational Church choir rendered
music during the Christmas services held
yesterday: Soprano— Miss Dorothy Good-
Kell and Miss Virginia Goodsell; altos-
Miss Marie Smith and Miss Gor
don: tenors — Mr, Charles Henley and Mr.
Charles Brook; bassos — Mr. H. Basford
and Mr. E. T. M. Eckert; violin— Miss
Belle Rosenthal; organist and musical
director— Mr. P. Dellepinae.
Dr. Maurice O'Connell gave organ num
bers! by Barnay. D'Kvey, Holllns. Grison,
Bachmaninoff and Guilmant at the three
services in SL Ignatius Church yesterday
morning.
' Services were held in the Emmanuel
Baptist Church, Bartlett street, near
Twenty-second, yesterday in the morning
and evening. The evening's services con
sisted of a concert and organ recital
under the direction of the pastor. Rev. J.
George Gibson. Solos - were rendered by
Dr. Gibson, Miss Lulu Magee, Robert
Jones, Miss V. I>.' Rulofson, W. D. Hal
ket and Miss Clara Madden, assisted by
Paul M. Henry, W. F. Alvater, Paul A.
Normand, David Maddox and Miss Lotta
Underhlll.
The girl's vested choir of the First Eng
lish Lutheran Church, of which Rev. E.
Nolander. Ph.D.. is pastor, gave special
music at the cervices 'yesterday morning.
The members of the choir were: Eltie
Volkman, Alice Halsing, Viola liaising,
Olive Nelander, Laura Sacrison, Hulda
Hanson, Marie F.tzgerald, Elsie Fitzger
ald. Katie Zeiss, Hazel Hannell, Margery
Hannell. Martha Peterson, Minnie Law
rence. Katie Sammann. Carrie Grimes.
Gforgie Grimes, Fannie Kelly, Edna Wei
mart, Ethel Ricbellng, Mary Riebellng,
Dorothy Gray, Annie Larson, Minnie Lar
son Lily Larson, Rose Mayor, Ella Biel
enberg.. Frreda Hessler. Harriet Hagenip,
Olga Zachan, Emily Billings Troy, Agnes
Thompson. Grace Vore, Ethel Atkinson.
The Christmas services at the First Uni
tarian Church yesterday morning were
elaborate. Rev. Bradford Leavitt preached
a special sermon and sacred music was
rendered by the choir, which was com
posed of Mrs. J. L. Williams, soprano;
Miss Georgie W. Cope, alto; Oscar L.
Lienau. tenor: Herbert E. Medley, bary
tone; H. Bretherlck, organist and direc
tor.
Rev. John Stevens, of the Simpson
Memorial Methodist Episcopal Church
delivered a sermon yesterday morning on
"The Wondering .."World." Special music
was rendered by the following members
of the choir: Sopranos— Mrs. H. V. Dick
ey, Mrs. Gertrude St. Denis. Misa Nettie
Blake. Miss Cora Delano, Mrs. A. Wood
man, Miss Vioia Fournier, Mrs. J. Steph
ens, Mrs. G. Manning. >Iiss Lee'; contral
tos— Miss Belle Blake, Aiiss Ferrel. Miss
Sullivan, Mrs. Humphrey, Mrs. G. Norton,
Miss Gussle Menke, Miss L. Gilliland;
tenors— Messrs. George Norton. Charles
Taylor. Dr. G. M. Barrett. Dr. Doddswor,
S. C. Wheeler; bassos— Cecil M. Smith,-
George N. Nash, Fred Head; Walter
Glenn, Dr. Sullivan, Eugene Barrett; J.
E. Blake, director; Miss Mabel Jones, or
ganist.
Franklin Street Presbyterian Church, on
the corner of Vallejo and Franklin, held
special Christmas^ services yesterday
morning at 11 o'clock, in which the Sun
day School took part/ .Appropriate music
was rendered and a sermon 1 was delivered
by Rev. J. T. Wills. D.X>. In- the after
noon the Presbytery met to install Dr.
Wills as pastor of ¦ the church. The
moderator of the Presbytery.' Rev. C. G.
Peterson, presided. Rev. William Kirk
Guthrie preached the sermon. Rev. John
Hernphill, D. D.. delivered the charge to
the pastor and Rev. E. H.-Avery, D.^D.;
delivered the' charge to ¦ the congregation.
. At St. Ignatius Church, Rev. Father
Sardl delivered a sermon ,¦ on the - gospel
of the day, at the 10:30 o'clock mass. Rev
PRAYER AND PRAISE AND SPLENDID
MUSIC MARK CELEBRATION OF THE
BIRTH OF CHRIST, THE SON OF GOD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 24. 1900.
9
STATIONS.
I Last
24 Hours
I This
sj Season.
I Last
Season.
i
Eureka
Red Bluff
0.00
0.00
M.01
8.71
25.36
9.79
Sacramento
San Francisco
Fresno
Independence •
San Luis Obispo
Loa Angeles
San PI ego
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
.. 0.00
0.00
8.04
7.22
5.43
2.27
8.92
«.79
1.73
9.00
9.67
4.47
1.67
9.33
S.SS
1.8J
B A TT.BOAJD TBAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
."¦ Leaves Sah Francisco. ' via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS.. ..9:15 a. m.; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8:00. 10:00. 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare, Ban Francisco to Summit and Return.
tl 40. ¦ -.--¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦'-- - -• > ¦¦¦¦-- ¦¦ ..- -¦
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices. 621 Market st. Sausalito Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbbn^s Dispensary,
629 HEARST ST. Established
In 1S34 tor the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing; on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fall. Try him.' Charges low.
Cures t-uRrnnlfnl. Call or write.
l>r. J. *'. « I BBOS.bau Francisco, Cal. _
CALIFORNIA NORTflWESTEfiN RY. CO.
I-iEJSSESE!
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBURON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. ra.; 12:33, 3:10,
, 6:10, 6:20 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:10. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30. 8:00,
6:20 p. m.
Sen Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:10. 7:50, l:*0, 11:10 a. m.; 13:43,
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:m
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. t:40. 11:10 a- m.: 1:40. J:«. 5:06.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park,
same schedule as above.
Leave . J In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco, f Nov. 7. 1900. | San -rranclaco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. [ days. [ Destination. [ days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Ron. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton,
Geyservllle.
S:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:35 pm <:23 pm
7:30 ami j Hopland j j
I 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pmf «:M pm
7:30 ami '. " 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm) 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 19:15 am 8:40 am
. ¦-' and ,1
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. ' f 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 axn]10:25 am
8:30 pmf 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for Skacgs Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wlttsr
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lterley*s. Bucknell's.
Eanhedrin Heights, HullvUle, Orr's Hot Springs,
Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. Westport. UsaU
WUlets. Laytonvlle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs.
Harris, Olsens, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market it.. Chronicle build-
ing. R. X. RYAN,
H. C. WHIT1NO. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Gen. Manager.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallte F*rrv.
Commencing September 30. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:55. *»:15. 11:00 a. m.. «1:43
1:15. 4:00, 5:15, »«:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIP3— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael' on ' Mondays, "Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m. "".:¦;-:
SUNDAYS— »l0:00. *ll:30 a. m.. 1:15,
3:15, •4:45.6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin."
FROM 8 AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:20. *«:30. 7:45. 9:30 a. m..
•12:30, 1:45. *3:»0. 4:30, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:20. •8:00. •10:00. »U:4S a. m.
n:40." •a:15.-'4:45. *6:30 p. m.
• Trains marked (•) start from Ban Quentin.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAY9-6:1V 6:43. 7:55, 9:30 a. m.
li:35, 2:10. 3:30, 4:54, 5:20 p.m.
EXTRA - TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.T"l3:06. 2:15. t-io
6:00, «:45 p. m. -
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:56 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations.
1:45. p. m. Saturdays — Tomales . and way
•t&tions. irm~^ii — nmrjtf — iBwrmiirTin-ii-ffiinjijj
. 8:00 a. m. Sundays — Tomales aad way
nUUons.
Santa Fe
Trains- 0 **
.«>'*^. I<eave Market-street Wiry Depot.
Lve. San Francisco. »:(O a m 4:10 p ra 8:00 pm.
Arr. Stockton 12:30 p ra 7:15 p m 11:03 p ra
" Merced | 2:42 pm 1:13 am
" Fresno 4:20 pm S:OS a it»
" Vlaalia (:00 pm 4:50 am
" Tulare : «:22 p m 5:10 * ra
" Hanford 6:33 pm 7:04 am
" Bakersfleld .... 8:50 p m 7:30 a ra
" Denver 10:0Oam ¦
" Kansas City... 5:li p m
" Chicago 7:13 a m
9 a. a. train Is the Overland Express. Corre-
rpondlns train arrives at 6 p. m. daily.
4:10 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspondlns
train arrives at 11:05 a. ra. daily.
8:00 p. m. Is Fresno and Bakersfleld Express,
vrith Sleeping Cars for both cities. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 9 a. in. daily.
OFFICES— «« Market St. and in Ferry Depot.
San Francisco: HIS Broadway. Oakland.
MEDICINE CHESTS on all Bur.
lington tourist cars.
If you fall ill, the excursion man-
ager takes you in hand and puts
you on your feet in no time.
From San Francisco Tuesdays and Thursdsys—
EVERYWHERE east.
JjfjnnWf/jTjiJ W. D. Sanbern, G«n»rJl Afunt,
jydiVyMftgj 63' Markst S'.-e*'.,
|7i5^ if|||j|l^^"J San Francisco.
OCEAX TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
*> Steamers leave Broadway
lk^^ wharf, San Francisco:
VVVjfc^ F'or A'askan Ports— 11 a. ra.,
Der - "• 2T - Jan - *• Chan «« to
| E.^'kW^T?* company's steamers at Seattle.
I SPlkSrt^i^Jfta For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
*rf«r?WL^**3 C) - port Townsend. Seattle.
iSQgJj^Svtii Taroma. Everett. Anacortfs
lif and Xew Whatcom fWash.)—
11 a. m., Dec. 22. 27. Jan. I
and every fifth day thereafter.
cnansre at Seattle for t'n la "company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N*. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Dec.
24. 25, Jan. 3. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
Ketes^Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sunday*. » a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford <San Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m.; steamer
Bonita, Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magrialena Bay, San Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altau. La Tax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Men.)- 10 a. m. 7th each month
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to Chang*
steamers, sailing <1a»»9 and hours of salllns
without previous notice
. T1 . C^, E , T OPFI CE-i Xew Montsomery
street (Palace Hotfl).
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Oen. Agents
£ 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
W 0. R. & S, CO,
DISPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street "Wharf at 11 a. m.
rrint. $3 Second Class and ifeals.
COLUirBIA Sails Dec 24. Jan 3
GEO. W. ELX>ER Sails Dec.29
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butts.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all potnta East.
B. C. WARD. General Agent.
<30 Market st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS "WTI^ LEAVE VTBAJUF. COR-
ner First and Brannsm streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG. caJllnr at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day of
SS. U A.MERICA MARU
Saturday. December 29, 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January 24. 1901
SS. NIPPON MARC «.
Tuesday. February 1*. 1901
Round-triD tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
, ,•---. W. II. AVERT. O«ieral Agmt.
AMERICAN LINE.
tXW TOSS. S0UTBAXPT0S. L05D0H. FOXBL
Stopping at Cherbourg, westwoand.
From New Tork Every "Wednesday. 10 a. ra.
St. Louis Dee. KlXoordland ......Jan. IS
New Tork Jan. 2|Fr1es!and Jan. 13
Kensington Jan. 9|Vaderland Jan. 10
RED STAR LINK;
New York and Antwarp.
Krorn New Tork Every "Wednesday. 13 Noon.
¦Westernland ...Dec 26INoordland Jan. IS
Westernland ...Jan. 2(Friesland Jan. 23
Kensington Jan. SlSouthwark Jan. SO
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION COMPANT.
'* CHAS. T>. TATLOR.
General Agent Paclflo Coaat.
\ »> Montgornery st.
OceaDlcS.S.Co.Sa-?S
S3. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday, December 26, 2 p. ra.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
"Wednesday. Janusu-y 3. 1901. 9 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday, January «. 4 p. m.
I D. SPEECKELS k BEOS. CO.. Gineral Hgsnts. 327 Hiriat St
Ski'I Passenger Otfa, 643 larfcat SL, Pier lo. 7. Paste St
PANAMA R. R. t SSS
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
S. S. BOAMOXE sails Jauarj 8,
S. S. ST. PAUL sails January 29,
From wharf, foot of Fremont st., at ! p. ra.
Freight and passenger office. S30 Market §t.
F. F. CONNOR. Paclflc Coast Agent.
COMPAONIE SElfZBALB TRAB3ATLASTIWXZ.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j-fUlt
Sailing every Thursday, instead o'^ranC^
Saturday, at 10 a. ra., from Pier 4i,"J*M£Wa'S
North River, foot of Morton street. F1rwt-«las*
to Havre. $33 and upward. Second class tr»
Havre. US and upward. GENERAL. AGENCT
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. j.
F. FUGAZ1 & CO.. Paclflc Coast Agents. S
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOB 0. S. MAVY YARD AND YAUtST^
Steamer "Montloen*."
MON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat at 9:6
a. m.. 3:13. 8:30 p. m. fex. Thurs. night):, Frt-
, days. 1 p. m and 8:30: Sundays. 10:3* *. m.; S
p. m. Landino; and office. MUslon-straet Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1308. '
FARE ... :
¦ODTIIKRBf |-A«:iri«l I'ONPJkilf.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.) •>
Train* Ifntr mnd nre iln* I* nrrlt • *l
.' KAN ritANCINl'0.
(lUin Line. Foot of Market Street)
tlATX — TBOK DlCSMBEft 1, 1900. — ABRtVS
•7:00a Eeuida. Snisan. Elinirs, VaeiTUIe,
Ramsey *nd Ss.cr*tnento *7>l.1r
*7:9O a EhuU Express— D«Tis, Wflllsins (for
Bartlett Springs^ Willaws, BcmI
Blufl, Ponlmd. *7i43f
•7i3O4 Martinez, Ssd Unuun, Vallejo, N»c»,
Oslistoga and S»nt» Ro«a •«»l»f
*8:9Oa DstU. Woodland. Knights Landiac.
M»r»s»llle, Orovillt).. *7i*S»
• S:OOt Atlantic Express— Ogden and Baat *»:43r
•8:OOa Nile*, Utennore, Tr»cy, Lathrop,
Stockton «7jl3f
•SiSOa Sau Jose, Lrfermore, Htoekton,
Ioue, Sseramento, Plucertllle.
M»ry»»llle. Chloo. lted Bluff...... MtlSr
•sjiSUa Oskda.tr. Chinese, Honorn. Carters... MilRr
•!>iOOa Haywari!*. Nile* and War Hutlous. •! 1 iI.Ia
•9:00a Loi Angeles Kipreas — Martinez,
t Tracy, Latlirop. Siocktnu. Moreed
Fresno aud Los Angeles *T:t3r
•»>SOA Vallfjn. Martinez and Way Station* •at4.1p
•1O:9Oa Tho Overland limited— Ogdeo. Den-
»er, Omaha. Chicago *o:li*
•I 1:00 A Niles, Stock tou, Haeramento. Meo-
dota. Fresno, Uanford. Vbalia,
Porterrllle Mil3r
•11:00a UTermore, Sang«r. Goshen Juno-
tion, Bakenfleld, Los Angeles
fl:OOr 8asrameutolll»erSte»meTs faiOOA
•3:00r Harwards. Nilcs and Way Station*. *!>il4r
M:«iur Martlue/.. H»u Ilamou. Vallejo.
Napa. Uall.itoK*. rinut* llosa •»ild4
•JiOOr Beniola. Winten. Saoramento.
Wooilland, KnlghU Laoding.
Mar/sfille, Ordtille •ini4a»
M:»OpHaywarda. Mies aud Han.losa t<:4^A
•5:OOp NIIm. LiTermore mad Stockton • 10:43a
9 5:OOp Bunset Limited. El Paso. K«w
Orleans and East. c10:19a
•ajOOrTho Owl limited— Tracy, Fresno.
Bakersaeld. Hangu* (or Santa Bar-
bara. Los Anceles *10:13a
•StOOr New Orleanc Express— Bakersneld,
8auU Barbara. Los Angeles. l)em-
Ing. El Paio, New Orleans and
East # 7i-li»«
•«:««r Harwuds, Niles aud San Jos* *7il**
fo:00 r Vallejo MlriJJ*
•tt>9Ur Oriental Mall— Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago *9:43p
•0:09p Oriental JIaii— Ogden, Denter.
Omaha, Chicago *4:13r
*7:0Op Oregon and California Uzpreis.ftae-
ntiMeulii, Marjs?IIIe. Reritlliift.
1'orklniMl. Fitget Hound and ICaak *S:43a
•SiOSrSan Pablo, Port Cost*. Martlnes
and Way BUtloos "II^Sa
t»tO5p Vall»]o «llrt»A
COAST IH VISION (Xarrotr <<au K e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
•S:l»ANewaric.CeiiterTille,8anJose,Felton t
BonlderOre«k,8autoOrusandWay
BtaUons ••!»•*
tail nr Nowmrk, Ceiit«r»ill». Sau Jose, New
Almauen, FsUon. Jtoulder Creak,
Santa Crux and Frindpal Way
Butloos t'Oi'lo*
•4il»r Newark, San Jose, LosGatos *8i3Oa
a j)-;!Op Hunters' Kxennion, San Jos* and
y WayStatloca tW*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tttmtlt ritlGUCO-rwt «r Muktt SUitt (Slii «)—
t7:15 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:33 3:03 S43r.u.
rrtsioiiuii— r»«i»rBr«idwij.— ts:oo uoa ts.-os
10:00 t.M. 11:00 8:03 t:D3 '8:33 r.M.
COAST DIVISION (Bro»d Hinge).
(Third and Townsend Sts.)
t«tl»AOoean View. Houth Ban Francisco.. ptTiir
•7s«va Rau Joie a».l Way SUtlnna (New
Alinaden Wednesdayiouly) *lilOr
•ti«0* Hun Jose, Tres I'liioa, Hauta Cnu,
Paclflo Oroto. Paso Uobles. Siu
I, ids Olilapo, Surf, Lompoo aud % -'.'•' '
I'rlnclpal Way Stations »4iinp
•Uilin 8an Jos* and Way Mtatlons. ••IiXSa
•Iliao* Hau Jose and Way Stations *3i3«r
ta>43pSati Matro, Kedwood, Menlo Park, .
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Ban Joie,
Tres Pinoe, Santa Crux, Salinas,
Monterey and FaelDo Grors tlOsMi
fSi3Or San .loss and Way Statlona 'TiUUr
t-ltlSr San Jose aud Principal Way Stations •l):13i
t3:00rSan Joie, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Statious 49:O«i
¦3:30p SanJoie ami Principal Way Stations *Hi33a
•6:3Op Sau Jose and Way Stations t*:OU A
all:4*r San Jose »n.l Way Stations *7i3Op
A (or Morning. P (or Afternoon.
•Pally. t Huuday exempted. J Smid*y only.
7 Mondays, Wednesdays, Friday*,
c Tuesdays, Thursdays, Sundays.
a SaturdajLOnlx.
SEWIXG MACHIXES ASD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bOCgfcl. «M and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plamr.-'vk. 1S15 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds boueht. sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; cpra even.: phone Black 1124. SOS ith.
BOUGHT, fold, rented, repaired; needles and
fhuttler; re-&we6 rates. 145 <Sth: i>hon<» Mint 5.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN T^pl£w!uTERS^iv>
Mil better T:.acfcir.es lor less money than any
house in the dW rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. to5 California; telephone Main 286.
ALWAYS r^rpalns In typewriters: any makT
Write :~r rnccs to U & M. ALEXANDER.
:K ;;¦ ••c.TTjgry st. *•
WANTED TO lease]
\VANTF^-By a reponswrparty7~to~iease for
a t' 1 ™^ ?**/* a Stable building with
plesty of lifht for a machine chop downtown;
weald ""**• *»th an option to purchase at
the *>>.rtratlon ofleaE*. Address with full
IPri-.-.-nr* hr-x 2?78. O^ll.
- Elrth mannatce and death notices sent by
rr.a.l will r.ot be inserted. They must be handed
a at «tt«r of the publication offices and bs
lacrsea tritn the name and residence of per-
*• ns authorized to liave the same published.
BOBN.
CUTIfBERT-In Alarneda. IVcfmbcr 1%. 1900.
t^ th> v.-lfi. of G» »rge Outhbort. a daughter.
HAEEIED.
LANG— HORNER— In this city. Decembw SS
HS by^ th< * R *' v - "• T - BhepMd. pastor of
Olivet Conirr^gational Church. Cha.rl»»s E.
Lang and Grace A. Honvr. both of Sau
FY»ne?sr».
BCHNEIDKR-PCHAEFER— In Beniria. De-
cember C3. 1S>00. by the Her. I>r. Palmer.
Georg* Schneider and Anna M. Schacfcr. both
of r>r.lcia.
died!"
Becker. Maryarethe Murphy. Mose
Bernard, Ttomat <3. Oldajr. FYida
Damon. Frank O. Potvin. Gwirce B.
r«onxe!mar.n. Wm. M. I'owrrs. Marv
Griffiths. Ma»«»ll«> K. Robinson. WMlliam
Hall, Nicholas S. Seymour. Margaret
Hoirjian. Magdalena Roralla
Higgins. Ar.ita A. button. Hdward F.
Ketgan, Simon Tiemey. Owen .
Ijsnglois. %Vilham Trawl KredcMcka
Marr, Sarah A. WilFon. William E.
Mason, Lcrt»y W. Wulzen. lMccirich H.
"EECKETR— In this city. r>ecember 22. 1W0
Marparethe, dearly beloved wife of August
B«>ckpr. and mother of Chnrles. W'llUam.
Henrj- and Evelyn Becker, a native of Bay-
cm, Germany, ajred 4i years S months and '1
days. (Chicago and New York papers please
eery.)
C7" Friends nnd acquaintances are respect-
rully invited to attend the funeral this day
<Mrnday). at 1 o'clock, from her U:e resi-
dence. S$" Twenty-fifth street, between
Church and Fancfaez. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery.
BERNARD— In this city, December £1. 19<X>,
Thomas G.. dearly beloved husband of Mamie
Bernard, father of Gladys Bernard, beloved
son of Mrs. B. and the late Florence Bernard,
ani loving brother of Katie. Florence and
Margaret Bernard, Mrs. T. J. McAuliff and
Vre. G. McAuliff. a native of San Franc'-sco.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
< Monday), at *:S0 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 236 Oak street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, corner of Fillmore and Fell streets,
where a solemn requiem hi*h mass will be
celebrated for the repos* of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DAMON— In this city, December 1», 1900.
Frank G.. beloved husband of Lillle Damon,
son of Georg-e C. and Charlotte Damon, and
brother of Mrs. J. D. Learned, a native of
Maine, atred 2S years 7 months and 6 days. A
member of the Theatrical Employes 1 Protec-
tive Union and of 6an Francisco Theatrical
Mechanics' Association. (Seattle and Maine
papers please copy.)
Z-7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, I42S Mission street, near Twenty-first,
thenoe by electric funeral car from corner of
Guerrero and Twentieth streets at 10:30
o'clock. Intemsect Mount Olivet Cemetery.
DONZELMANN— In Oakland. December 22.
l&W. William Martin, beloved son of John H.
end Anna Donielmann. and brother of John
F-, Minna and UUie Donielmann and Mrs.
I/ouls Kornarens. a native of San Francisco,
aped SS years 3 months er.d 19 days.
CT'FrleniJs and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral eerviee«
this day <Monday), at 1:30 o"clock. at the
family residence, 13S5 Eig-hth street. Oakland.
• Interment Mountain View Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
GP.IFFITHS— In this city. December 2L 1M0.
.' ¦ . ¦ <-..e F.. beloved daughter of Captain T.
H. and Marietta Griffiths, and sjlstfrs) ot the
, late T. Alfred Griffiths, a native of San Fran-
. Cisco, aged 26 years 2 morths aad 4 days.
• <Hcnoluiu papers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
- this day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence, 24 Liberty street, between Valencia
and Guerr*>ro. Interment private.
HALL— In this city. December 23. 1900. Nicho-
las S.. beloved husband of Lucy Eftelle Hall,
ar.d father of Carter F., Kusrenla and Nicho-
las P. Hall Jr., a native of Marr-iand, aged
Zi years t months and IS days.
CT Notice of funeral hereafter.
HEIZMAN— In this city. December 22. 1800.
M&rdalena. C. beloved wife of the late John
Heizmac beloved mother of Mrs. R. Grabau.
Mrs. E. Goeckeritz of fcar.ta Clara. Cal.. Mrs.
C. G. Strippel and the late Georgre Helzman,
er.d sister of John X. and Henry Romer, a
native of Nurenberg. Germany, aged S3 years
and 11 months. A member of San Francisco
Turn gchwestern Vereln.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 810 Fell street, near Gouph. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HIOGIN'S — In this cltv. December 12. 1909,
Ar.ita Augusta Hirs'lss of Elmhum. beloved
daughter of Joha E. and Mollie Hlirrins. fas-
ter of John B. ar.d the late Ethel Higgins.
and niece of R. E. Kodifen. a native of San
Kranclsoo. aged 2 years 5 months anil S days.
CyKrlends \and acquaintances ar«i respect-
fully Invited to attend the .funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her aunt. Mrs. M. Morrise. 445 EdSy street.
KEEGAX-ln Oakland. December 21. 1909.
eimon. beloved husband jof JI«ry • Keegan.
and father of Marsraret G. Keegan and Mrs.
C. J. Eelby. a native of Ireland, ! ared 73
years. • Washington, D. C. and : Boatoo,
£1&88.. papers please copy.)
EJrFriends sure respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day 'Monday), at 9
o'clock, from his late residence. 1717 Ade-
line street, thence to St. Francis de 8ales
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at S:30 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery.
X*/L>TGLOIS— In the City aad Coanty Hospital.
December 23, 1900. William Lanjflols, a native
of Louisiana. a«ed 40 years.
HAFJR— In Oakland. December 23. 1900, Sarah
Ann. wife of the late H» > nry Mhtt. and
mother of Mrs. Oharle* R. Maedonald ani the
. late A. C, Henry and Rod«!ph Marr, a na-
tlvt of Nora Bcotia, aged 72 years 1 month
and 1 day.
ltABON— In this city. December 23. 1900. Leroy
William, beloved and only child of Mr. and
Mr?. W. B. M&son, a native of San. Fran-
c!s~5, ajed 7 days. "i""
CT Services will be held at th» refldenee of
the parents this day (Monday), at 10 o'clock.
IntTTnemt Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Ul'RPHT — In the City and County Hospital,
December 23. 1M>O, Mose Murphy, a native of ¦
California, aged 43 year*.
OLDAG— In this city, December 23. WO, Frida
Oldac, beloved wife of Charles Oldag. mother
ef August and Elizabeth Oldag, sister of Mrs.
CTiaxlee nalmunn sind Mrs. Georpje Braun,
t.:. ; «ieter-ln-law of John Oldasr. a native of
Fulzfeia, Eaden, Germany, aged 30 years and
I months.
C7"Friends and acquaints nces are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuefday). at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 12teH Turk street. Interment Odd
FellowF' Cemetery.
POTVIN— In this city. December 23. 1900,
George Brown Potvin. dearlj beloved son of
Captain II. and Emma J. Potvin. and brother
of Henry and Vivian Potvin. a native of Sar.
FYanrlseo. »ffed 3 months.
jn7Friends and acquaintances are n?Fpe<-t-
fully inviied to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from th* residence of
his parents. 21S6 Fifteenth etreet. between
Tiiarket and Noe. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemeteri".
POWERS — In the City and County Hospital,
December 23, 1M0, Mary Powers, a native of
Ireland, ac*d fi" years. % '¦: .
R.ODINSON— Entered Into re*t. December 21.
1<«V) William, beloved husband of Margaret
liob'inson, and father of v.'illiam W*. and
Charles F. Robinson and Mrs. F. J. Kelly,
a native of London. England, agfd 57 years.
(Halitax. Nova ScoJia, rsp^rs please copy.)
fnTFriend* and nciualntances are respect-
fully inv-ited to attend the funeral this day
(Mondsy) at 6:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
flpnee IZI\ Harrison i-treet, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, where a requiem high
mars will be celebrated for the repose of his
*oul commencing at S o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FETMOUIt— In tfcls city, Maryaret Seymour, a.
r.ttive of Ireland. a«H 75 years.
JCTFTiendf and acqiiiaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
'Mondavi at S:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
J C. O'Connor A- Co.. 7CT Mission street,
thence 6t. Patrick's Church, where a solemn
requiem feign mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her tool, oommenelns at » o dock
Interment Holy Ores Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
tSuecessor to Flannaran & Gallatrber)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M*r.
FCJCEKAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
XO Flftii «t.. opposite Lincoln SciiooL
Telephone South »».
1/ncA.VOY 4fc CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS II EMBALMERS. I
1SS Market rt .. between Sth and 9th. |
TeleDhone South 247. g
ADVERTISEBIENTS.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
FIDELITY m DEPOSIT
COMPANY
OF BALTIMORE. IN THE STATE OF
Maryland, on the Slst day of December,
A. D. 1SS3, and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of Sections £10 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commiasioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash Sl.500.000 00
ASSETS. '
Real Estate owned by Company $600.000 00
Cart Market Value of all Stocks and x
Bonds owned by Company J, 152, 4 07 00
Cueh in Company's Office J6.8M 17
Cash in Banks 340,i6< 08
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 116,979 1!
Total Assets $4,237,30-1 37
LIABILITIES. ~~ "" ~ ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid 14,137 33
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 32.746 13
Giors premiums on Risks running:
one year or less, J1.224.27S £6; re-
Insurance &0 per cent 612. IS? 33
Total Liabilities J649.0S2 79
INCOME.
1 Net cash actually received for pre-
miums 19*7.542 SI
1 Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 91.617 BS
received for Rents 88.128 63
Becetved for commissions. Safe De-
posit Dept.. etc 105.420 SS
Total Income fl.UI,619 45
EXPENT3ITURES.
Ket amount paid for Losses $227,429 84
Dividends to Stockholders 207, 4M 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 228.100 96
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 70.329 91
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes 40.444 00
AH other payments and expenditures 1S6.431 14
Total Expenditures $360,831 63
EDWIN WARFIBLD. President.
H E. BOSLER.- Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th
day of January. 1&00.
FRED. S. AXTELL. Notary Public.
FRANK lT~GILBERT,
GENERAL AGENT,
ROOMS 24-25 TENTH , FLOOR,
MILLS BUILDING,
San Francisco. .^ ;
STECH-In this city. December 23. 1900, Rosa-
lia Stech, in religion HiMrr Mary FeliziUs. a
native of Raden. Germany, aged 29 years 7
months and 11 days.
BUTTON"— In the City and County Hospital.
December 23. 1900. Edward F. Button, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 40 years.
TIEHNET— In the City and County Hospital,
Dfcmber 23. 1P00, Owen Tierney. a native of
Irelaud. arcj 6S year*.
TTtAPHEI^— in the City and County Hospital.
l>ecember 23, 1900. Fredericka Trappel. a na-
tive of Onnany. aged 68 years.
WILSON— In this city. December 23. 1900. Wil-
liam E. Wilson, beloved husband of Dora E.
A\ ilson. father of Blanche B. Wilson, and
brother of H. Mr>ody of San Jose, a native of
Kentucky, ased 44 years and 15 days. A mem-
ber r.l St. Paul Iy*Jee No. 43, K. of P.
IC^N'otlce of funeral hereafter.
TVX'LZEX— In this city, December 22, 1900.
Diedrich 11., beloved busband of Anna M.
Wulwn. father of Frederick G.. IMedrich II.
Jr. and John F. Wulzen, and brother of Fred-
erick H. Wulzen, a native of Hanover. Ger-
many, ag^ed 70 year* 9 months and 10 days.
K-J' Friends and acquaintances are, respect-
fully Invited to afYend the funeral this day
<_Monday). at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the au«pices of Mount Moriah Lodt;?
Xo. 44. F. and A. M. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cenw?t«?ry. by 3:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townser.d Ftre»ts.
RAILBOAD TRAVEL.
AT Q A. M. ||
The California Limited J
starts for Chicago over the Santa Fe and gets ii
there on the third day — 75 hours. jjj
Everything on this train is real. :jTo drink a glass of EVANS*: ALE or STOUT
at ones meals Is to afld a zest and relish that
begets enjoyment. Try it anywhere. •
B0LDLY. MAKES USE
. OF ' "KNOCKOUT DBX>PS"
Openly Robs His Victim in Daytime
on Sidewalk and Is Ar-
rested.
George Gladmann is at the Receiving
Hospital a very. sick man, owing to some
"knockout drops'.' given him by Joseph H.
M ul Ion . yesterday : in a saloon at the cor
ner of Twelfth and Howard streets. The
men had several . drinks together and
Gladmann staggered from the saloon," fol
lowed, by Mallon. On reaching the fresh
air Gladmann, fell to the ground in a
stupor, which' gave "his.; companion a
chance to' go ¦. through his pockets.
Several people, who were passing ob
jected to this kindly attention on Mallon's
part and ; Interfered. ; Mallon ' decided that
the place ;. was - becoming j too / warm for
him and'boarded a passing Howard-street
car. .Hp: was followed and finally arrest
ed by Officer . Moriarty. Gladmann 3 late
last night was out; of danger.
OFFER A GOLI> MEDAI*
TO BOYS' HIGH SCHOOL
Class of '85 Plans for Handsome
Trophy to Be Awarded Bach,
Year.
The class of *S5 of the Boys' High
School has decided to make an annual
offering of a gold medal to be awarded
the student of that school most pro
ficient In the certain branches most close
ly allied to the English course, studied by
the donating class. The first medal will
be awarded in June.
After consultation with Superintendent
Webster, and obtaining the sanction of
the Board of Education, the following re
port has been made by the committee:
We recommend that the method of selecting
the winner be about as follows: Th« general
yearly average of each boy In his Junior year,
10 per cent; middle year, 10 per cent; senior
year, 30 per cent: total, 60 per cent.
The remaining 60 per cent in the determining
of the winner will be computed from special
examinations. !n which we. the members of
'85. with Mr. "Webster's assistance, will mak*
the arrangements and percentages. These spe
cial examinations will be "oriffinal work," and
about as follows: Original problem in mathe
matics. 10 per cent; original problem In science,
10 per cent: total. 20 per cent.
A theme or composition In American history
(to be selected by ourselves) and the same to
be written by the competing members, free
from assistance from any person and will count
for 10 per cent.
Original work in English — to be an essay or
composition upon a passage from Shakespeare
(to be selected by ourselves) and v.hlch the
pupils must, unaided by any other person, writ*
an essay or composition of so many pages, upon
a selected passage or quotation but not frorn,
any of the plays st£!ied at school. 20 per cent.
Deportment. checRS or demerits are not to
count directly or remotely In the percentages.
The last regulation, is entirely consist
ent with the course of the class members
during- their whole course at the. High
School. Because the principal and the
Board of Education would not let the
boys select their own class valedictorian
historian and poet they refused to par
ticipate in a body, and -their diplomas
were passed out to them at the close of
school. -Nearly all of the class members
are now more or .less prominent profes
sionally or in business in this city.
• Circulars have been addressed by the
committee in charge. Dr.-T. <A. - Rottanzi
Edgar D/ Peixotto -and Emlllo Lastreto!
to all- the members of the class invltlnsr
subacriptions to the fund for this year's
medal. '
Its value will not be less than $25. and
a special design Is now v being prepared.
David Meyer, an engineer, employed at
Searle, llayman & Co.'s planing mill on
Fourteenth and Harrison streets, met
death In a terrible manner yesterday. A
belt slipped from the revolving 1 pulley of
the enjine governor. Meyer tried to re
place It without stoppinp the engine. Ho
slipped across th© piston, which forc«d
him into the bed of tho driving shaft. His
Injuries were such as to cause his death
five minutes after his arrival at tho Re
ceiving Hospital.
"When the brtt slipped Meyer was told
by Superintendent Searle to stop the en
gine before attempting to replace It. He
neglected to obey the order and the piston
In its stroke caught nls clothing, forcing
him against the rapidly revolving shaft.
From there he fell Into- the bed In which
the crank dips. At every revolution of
the driving wheel the crank crushed the
unforunate man against the bottom of
the btd. lntticUne terrible Injuries about
his abdomen and hips. His cries attracted
other workmen and when the engine was
stopped he was taken to the Receiving
Hospital. It was said Meyer was under
the Influence of liquor at the time of the
accident. The deceased was a native of
Germany and a widower. He resided on
Eleventh street.
Disobeys Orders and Slips
Beneath Revolving
Crank Shaft.
ENGINEER MEETS
TERRIBLE DEATH
SLOT MACHINES REMAIN.
Petaluma Trustees Adopt Conflicting-
Resolutions.
PETALUMA, Dec. 23.— Despite the vig
orous fight against the slot machines in
Petaluma the nickel-winners still remain
in the local, resorts. Some time ago the
City Trustees passed an ordinance licens
ing slot machines, and after this had been
in force for several months the City At
torney reported to the board that they
were acting illegally, that the machines
were prohibited by State laws, and that
the. trustees were liable for licensing
them.
'The Trustees then rescinded the license
ordinance and in its i place adopted
another ordinance legislating against the
machines and instructed the marshal to
remove them. Before he got half started
on this -work the opposition switched the
board again, and at the meeting last night
the Trustees rescinded the order to the
marshal. An ordinance was again pro
posed for licensing the machines, but the
Trustees were about sick of the affair
and dropped It. And the machine men
still reap the profits of their contrivances
unchecked.
Trunks & traveling bags. Before buying se»
cur "bureau trunk." A. U. Smith Co., Ui nalia.*
Stark, choir, orchestra and organ, after
which Rabbi M. S. Levy" delivered the
opening prayer. Psalm CL, "Praise Ye
the Lord," with Randegger's stirring mel
ody, was then sung by D. Manlloyd, the
ohoir. orchestra and organ, and then
came the first address, delivered by the
Ilev. Dr. Jacob Voorsanger, of the Temple
Emanu-El.
Dr. Voorsanger first read a number of
telegrams received b^ the president of the
temple from various Jewish congregations
on th Pacific Coast. Tne messages con
veyed congratulations and greetings and
a heartfelt communication came from
Hfnry S^llpman f rom . Frankfort-on-XIai.i
In Germany. Mr. Seligman was one of the
first officer* of the temple and from his
distant home he expressed his Joy at the
semi-cfntennlal of the house, of worship
in which he wa? once a leader.
Dr. Voorsanger's address was entitled
"On the Threshold." and was impressive.
In forceful language, the speaker said:
We bless you out of the house of the Lord.
To be .lew or Christian who is here, peace anl
Ealutatlon to you. We are on the threshold or
a new century. To the elders and to the chil
dren may it be God's will that you be enfolded
in h'.s mercy. In my native city of Amsterdam
there is a building which contains a great hall
cf honor. All who have ?e*n it have been 1m
presswl by it* sire and at one end there Is a
painting by one of the great masters. Ljook-
Inir at th:n painting fr^ni the end of the ha'.l
you are almost i«?ri=uaded to think that the
runted eld burghers dppieted on canvas are liv
ing bplngs. In looking back over the long road
of fifty years of our history I can s?e the found
ers of Kmanu-El etpp fcrth Into the hall of
honor which they created. I eee them step
forth to be crowned with laurels and ence
agair. to b<? given charge of the sacred copies
of the laws of Israel. All the great and good
men who helped to build this congregation are
to he found in the hall of honor of Emanu-El.
They flug the foundations and left a record for
all time. They bullded strong the superstruc
ture of Emanu-El, which Is not this noble
THE erar.d festival service hf Id ye?- 1
terdajr af;ernocn at the Temple
Kmanu-Kl ia honor of the semi
centennial of the congregation
wap a remarkable on? from many
points of view. The gathering was one
of the greatoft ever known in Jewish cir
cles in this city, and was made up of men
end \von:en distinguished in professional,
comniorc!al and social circles. A remark
able feature of the festival was the stir
ring aouiiis of the young divine, the Rev.
Dr. S'eplun S. Wise, of Portland, Oregon,
who. in nltading for a united religion,
carried bis auditors to a point of enthu
siasm that gave vent to prolonged ap
p'.auso—a scene seldom witnessed in a
hiu?» rf worship. Addresses were made
by all the leading Jev.ish ministers of the
Pacific Coast and a. special musical pro
gramme war rendered by a picked orches
tra, augmented choir and organ.
Although admission to the temple was
enly by ticket of invitation, hundreds
mere unable to secure seats. The exte
rior and interior of the temple presented a
beautiful appearance, flowers in abun
dance being used with most artistic ef
fect. The walls were covered with ever
green? and lilies, th*> front of the organ
and ark bfing similarly decorated.
The service commenced promptly at 2
p. m.. with the "Jubiiee Overture" of
"VVt-ber. rendered by the orchestra and or
pan. The opening hymn, psalm C, set to
music by Frank Schilling and sung by
Mrs. H. Kelly and the ohoir. was followed
by the reading of prairri XLV, by Cantor
Stark. The thanksgiving psalm of Sulzer.
"Now Thank \V« God With All Our
Heart." was feelingly rendered by Cantor
be with the world and the great brotherhood of
humanity?" • ¦ ¦
"Retrospect and Prospect" was the sub
ject of the address of the Rev. Dr. W. H.
Greenburg, the basis of his pleading be
ing for a higher life for men and women
and the betterment of mankind.
A festival anthem, written especially
for the occasion by Cantor Stark, was
then rendered by the composer, assisted
by the choir and orchestra, after which
tn*; closing prayer was pronounced by
Rabbi M. Frledlander. The entire con
gregation then joined in singing "Amer
ica, which was followed by the benedic
tion, pronounced- by Dr. Voorsanger. As
Organist Sabin rendered "The Star-span
gled Banner" the congregation departed
from a service that was among the most
memorable ever held in a Jewish house
of worship on this coast.
HELPEBS OF ZION MEET.
Rabbi Wise Tells of Atrocities Perpo-
trated on Jews at Eoumanla.
The Helpers of Zion Society held a fes
tival celebration last evening in B'nal
B'rith Hall, 121 Eddy street, in commem
oration of the dedication of the temple.
A pleasing musical programme was ren
dered by the choir and orchestra of Beth
Menacham Streisand congregation and
addresses were delivered by Rev. Stephen
Wise, Rev. M. S. Levy and Rev. Isidoi'
Myers. The ancient ceremony of the
lighting of the "hanukkah" candles was
observed, in honor of the tradition that a
flask of oil found in the temple burned
for eight days and nights.
Dr. Wise spoke eloquently on the mis
sion of the Zionists, whose aim was not to
secure Palestine for all Jews, but for
those Jews who were oppressed in many
countries. He. drew a thrilling picture of
tne wrongs wrought on .the Jews of Rou
manla by the government of the country,
a government which owned its own exist
ence to the work of a Jew, Disraeli of
England. No -country has dared to help
the oppressed Jews of Roumania, and it
remained for Zionists to bring them out
of bondage to the promised land. If
Christian lands practiced but one-tenth of
tne. religion they 'professed, there would
be no need of Zionism. Dr. Wise told of
tne work accomplished in the past three
years and that despite the croaklngs of
a few, the Sultan of Turkey was not
averse to Jews living In Ho
felt sure that the coming century would
see the ; solutlon of the great problem. Th->
speaker told of the bravery of an English
officer in South Africa, who captured a
fort with, a handful of men, "because he
had his orders to do so in his pocket."
"The fort we have to capture is that
of Zion, so that the Jews who are cruel
ly, treated may f Jive in happiness. The
world may laugh and tell us that the task
is dangerous and .impossible, but with
God's will we go forth to victory, for we
have His orders in our pockets. The dav
will surely come when the world will ring
with, the news, "The Jews have taken
Zion and it Is theirs."
"HANTTKKAH" FESTIVAI/S.
Musical Programmes at Bush and
Geary, Streets Synagogues.
-Both the Bush-street and Geary-street
synagogues were .crowded yesterday by
the children of. the congregations, the oc
casion being the celebration of the "Han
ukkah" festival, commemorative of the
victories of. Judas, theMaccabeean, and
the dedication of the temple, which had
been polluted. ¦
At the Bush-street synagague Rabbi
Meyers presided and the children ren
dered a pleasing . musical programme.
At .the Geary-street synagogue Rev.- M
S. :Levy | presided and in addition to a
musical programme by the children, there
was a distribution of medals and . prizes.
,M. . H. Wascerwltz delivered an address,
exhorting the children to live up to the
cherished .beliefs- of their faith.
building, but is the men and women of this
congregation. The superstructure so nobly
built lies In our beloved president and In all
who are carrying on the good work. On the
threshold of the new century I say. blessed be
you In the name of God. May the blessings fur
which we to-day thank God continue until time
shall be no more, so that we may perpetuate In.
honor and virtue the good work of our fathers.
I jet us go on in God's name. Amen.
At the close of Da Voorsanger's address
the cantor, choir, orchestra and organ
rendered part of "Weber's jubilee cantata.
The Rev. Dr. S. Hecht of Los Angeles
then addressed the congregation, taxing
for his topic, "The Watchman on the
Tower." He reviewed the history of Tem
ple Kmanu-El, which was a pioneer and
a pathfinder. Temple Emanu-El was in
deed the watchman on the tower. The
speaker reviewed the birth of the re
form movement in Judaism in fJermany,
and dwelt on the growth of the seed in
this free land. The old proverb was
proved by Judaism— that those who have
sown oft in tears have but prepared a
harvest of joyful gathering. The poet
Mendelsohnn had produced for his coun
trymen civil liberty. The crusade for
liberty started In Germany had produced
remarkable results. The children of
Jew and Gentile went to the same
schools; they went to the same universi
ties, and they had the courage to put
aside Jewish prejudices and leave the
confines of the Ghetto. It was not to de
sert the synagogue or treat with indif
ference the Jewish religion. The move
ment of reform was to stir all to better
conditions.
"You friends, you of the Congregation
Emanu-El," ; said ' the speaker, "have
caught ¦ the spirit 'of the great leaders.
You have strengthened the work, and it
is your duty to go forth and proclaim tho
cause. Old and young shall be the watch
men on the tower to proclaim 'Behold the
time of mankind's deliverance has come —
the time of happiness for Israel anc nil
mankind.' "
Rabbi Jacob Nelto delivered an address
on "The Future, of the Synagogue." He
asked the congregation to look back and
review the great struggles made by tlios-s
who had made it possible for the Jtws o£
to-day to enjoy so many privileges. They
should hot. fcrget the sacrifices of life
and blood made by the heroes. Too oTten,
alas. Judaism to-day mean* the observ
ance of certain holidays.
' "We must perform," said Rabbi Neito,
"as we profess, and keep alive religious
sentiment. In the synagogue of the fu
ture men and women will come for in
spiration, and not merely to oosorvu cus
tom; in the synagogue of the future they
will derive new knowledge and power, so
that they may lift up the fallen. With
the object of bringing light to those in
darkness and to relieve the weary, the
synagogue of the > future will be a place
of which all Jews will be proud,- for to
be a Jew will mean to be upright and God
fearing and having a desire, to relieve
the sufferings of our fellow men."
• More stirring ¦words have never been
heard in a house of • worship in this city
than those spoken by the Rev. Dr.
Stephen Wise, who took for -his subject,
"Israel's Fellowship With Other De
nominations." .The address was a, master
ly and .scholarly one, daring in Jts con
ception, and at Its close drew rounds ot
applause. Dr. Wise said, in part:
The subject on which I speak to you Is not
to be found In the liberal thought ot this ce.i
tury but in the word of the prophet Isaiah, who
spoke 25C0 years ago as follows: "For my
house shall be called a house of prayer for all
peoples." Israel leads to-day In the plea for
fellowship, for it believes it to be possible, j We
see the armies of the Lord fighting for no spe
cial purpose. A few months ago the world wit
nessed the powers of the earth banded together
to right a terrible wrong. Under one head the
troops of all clvllzed nations worked with a
common accord. As Important as the -work ot
the Allied Powers Is that of putting down the
Boxerism of the Spirit ." of Evil. • We ¦¦ of
Israel believe that we can ally with other
churches to do this thing. They, how
ever, must be prepared to do certain things as
we are prepared to do to-day. Kach one must
teach that its creed is only a seeking after
truth. ;-..>--;
¦ All churches should teach not right belief but
right-seeking, lleliglons must teach the truth
and not falsehoods. Let It not'-be taught in
the Sunday-schools that the Jews were the
killers of Jesus, but that we recognize him as
a KTeat man and a great- teacher and one who
had a mission, to perform. This. Is the stand
to-day of modern Judaism. When some time
Ago a terrible wrong was perpetrated on a
soldier and a Jew and the world stood aghast
It. was -the duties of all. churches to rise - In
their might . and plead for Justice. Recently
in Bohemia a Jew was sentenced to death on
the charge of killing a Christian glrlso that
her blood might be used In a Jewish : service
at the synagogue. Here again all churches
should have risen up and with one accord have
denounced the charge as a vtie blasphemy and
a reproach to all religions. All churches should
be united for Justice and fair dealing. They
should be united to put an end to the double
standard of morality: the silver standard: in
the morality, of meu and the gold standard In
the morality, of , women. They should unite to
stamp out ¦ the- cross evils which ' exist In; all
large . cities. . I . plead with other churches for.
toleration, peace and mutual respect.' . , . :
• Instead of hurling stonps l«>t , them build the
Kreat church of the future. I^et each one take
a stone from thewwalls of nejiaratlon and Dulla
th* new and final church which is ta be. .We
have driven God out of the world by building
temples and churches of opposing creeds. God
if waiting to return, to the world. Let us all
Join In one brotherhood to call him- back.. t "For
my house *hall be called the house of prayer
for all peopled. " To' Christianity our i religion
ftjsks, "Will you welcome God back that he may
SCENE IN TEMPLE EMANU-EL YESTERDAY, WHEN ONE OF THE GREATEST ASSEMBLAGES OF JEWS EVER KNOWN IN' THIS CITY GATH
ERED TO CELEBRATE THE FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FOUNDATION OF THE HOUSE OF WORSHIP; ALSO PORTRAITS OF THE IN
CUMBENT RABBI AND THE FIRST AND PRESENT PRESIDENTS.
The sloop Lulu, which floated ashore
at Point Richmond last Fridax morning
and was seized by two Portugnese labor
ers, John Cardoza and Frank Greer, was
yesterday positively identified by Mrs.
•Hi A. Stendel of this city as the property
of her husband. Where her husband is
has become a deep mystery.
Mrs. Stendel yesterday saw in The Call
an account of the sloop floating on to
Point Richmond. In the article It wai
announced that B. E. Loomis, resid
ing at 264 Noe street, an employe of the
Santa Fe Railroad, who works at Point
Richmond, was at present In charge of
the yacht and its contents. Mrs. Stendel
called last evening on Loom!s with her
sister, and in broken sobs stated that the
boat was the property of her husband.
She stated to Loomis that she was mar
ried to Stendel by Judge Kerrigan in the
month of May, of this year; that her hus
band used the boat Lulu, so he claimed,
as a trading vessel on the bay. When Mrs.
Stendel was told that the bottom of the
boat was filled with rallroaa Iron and
locks torn from. freight cars, she stated
that her husband had often told her that
the buying of old iron was the most
lucrative part of his trading excursions.
Mrs. Stendel states that her husband was
at the house they reside at, on Sanchez
street, a week ago, and that he was often
away a week at a time. She feels certain
that her husband is drowned, because he
promised that he would be home last
Saturday, and that in the past he was
always punctual. The woman's clothes
that were found in the boat she claims
were hers, and that she left them there,
as she often went out with the missing
man on short excursions on the bay.
Mrs. Stendel does not think her husband
met a violent death at the hands of a
companion, as he always made trips on
the bay without male companions.
To-day the sorrowing woman will jour
ney to Point Richmond, and, after ex
amining the boat thoroughly, Win apply
for letters of administration to secure the
missing man's property. What compen
sation the two Portuguese will have for
securing the boat is not decided on, but
Mrs. Stendel claims that she will pay
the men a reasonable salvage for their
labors.
Among the effects of Stendel's on the
boat was a bank book of the German
Savings and Loan Society, showing a de
posit of J1000 in June, 1897. Up to June
of. the present year no transaction had
been made with the bank with the excep
tion of the recording of the semi-annual
interest. In that month, however, Sten
del deposited $200 more, and, after with
drawing the interest, left a balance in
the bank of $1200.
Whether Stendel was drowned or
whether he still lives Is a mystery. The
case Is exciting great . Interest around
Point Richmond.- A number of the boat-
Ing men who live In the vicinity claim
that it was next to impossible for Stendel
to have fallen over the side of the boat.
The unfinished meal in the cabin indi
cates, they say, that Stendel might have
been called up on deck and there met his
fate at the hands of some unknown mur
derer.
Slpop Property of Strndel
and Was Used as Trad
ing Vessel.
Will Claim His Prop-
Wife of the Missing Man Is Posi
tive That He Is Drowned and
MYSTERY DEEPENS
AROUND THE LULU
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.Z,, MONDAY," DECEMBER 24, 1DOO.
Event Is Marked by One of the Greatest
Jewish Gatherings Known Here
»
Applause Greets Denunciation of
Religious Intolerance by Dr. Wise
CONGREGATION OF TEMPLE EMANU-EL ASSEMBLES
TO CELEBRATE THE FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY OF
THE NOBLE WORK, BEGUN BY HARDY PIONEERS
10
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 00c flask. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay.*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
vJorgeous
Bohemian Glass.
Graceful shapes, brilliant
colors, gold tracings and
edgings.
Vases, Ornaments
Rose Bowls
FSowes* Stands
Bon Bons
Wine Sets
Water Sets
Liquor Sets
Our Prices : »
Just Like Finding Money.
CITY STORES.
9IO Grant Ave., bet. Post and S utter*
. 801 Market St., opp. Powell.
140 Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.
112 Third St. 1819 Devlsadero 6t.
146 Ninth St. 2OO8 Fillmoro SU
3OO6 Sixteenth &t. 021 Montgomery At»
2516 Mission St. 3285 Mission St.
705 L.rkln 6t. 2732 24th 6t.
&C5 Hayes St. 47S Height St.
62 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Washington 6t 1237 Broadway.
1183 23rd Ave. 616 E. I2th St.
1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA-1355 Park St.
SAN RAFAEL— B St.. near Fourth,
The "DANNVREGUNING CHAIR -^mi
A Handsome Christmas /|if§j&y
Fasy and Comfortable, Ktin&s*^'J
Price $15. . Come and see it.
W. 'SAi- SCHRQCK,
' " ¦ 19 New Montgomery Street.
COIDBEE{£
BQWEM o
A gift for any lady
Chafing dish
Elegant line — greatest
variety in town $ 3 50 to
£22 50— toasters— skimmers
— forks — spoons — omelet
dishes — alcohol flagons
5PECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Appetitsild-reg'lyaoctln > 15C
FigS — Imported — reg'ly 20c Ib 15C
Raisins-California 40C 85C
For your table
regMy 50c 2* lbs— 5 1 5 Ib carton
Cranberry sauce-* k> tin 15c
Cranberries are very high —
these are already prepared
Glace' frultS-imported' i $2
Including pineapple fritters &
reg'ly $^50 5 Ib box • r :, 1 ;'
Chestnuts— Italian IOC
For turkey stuffing— reg'ly 15c Ib
Cham pagn e—Montigny
reg'ly $23 * pts $21 pts $20 qts
special 22 i pts 20 qts 19 pts
Holland liqueurs $1 25
Oolgaard— Creme de Vanille—
Creme de Noyeau— Creme de Mocca
—Maraschino— reg'ly $1 60 bottle
Whisky— JtfcBraycr '83 bot $1 1 5
reg'ly $1 50 and $6 gal 4 50
Known for quality everywhere
Boxes for keeping cigars — beautiful
gifts — mahoga ny — oak — cherry — herd
glass top9—lock3
Cigars for gifts— you can. tickle th*
fancy of any man tcho smokes bygiv*
ing him a boa of fine cigars
Christmas tree candles— parafilne—
ioc — boxes all sizes — pure wax *;c boat
Boneless Finnan haddies
due to-day
Imported raisins— vaiagm
small cartons S 35 and 5 45
large cartons 1 50 and a 00— very tint
FANCY FOODS FOR CHRISTMAS
Honey cakes Truffles
Sweet cider Mince meat
• Matrons glace' Mammoth olives
Salted almonds Salted pecans
Cluster raisins Plum pudding
Bar Ie due currants After-dinner chem
Eastern gea6e Stuffed prunes
433 Pine 232 Sutler >9oe California San Franc! «•
1075 CUy t*tw*«n Eleventh and Twelfth OakUaJ
rr-HIS WKIX-KXOW^ AND RELIABLE OLD
I Sp^lalUt ernrt* Blood Poaon.Gonorrhwa GleM.
fttrlctnr^, s*mt»»l Weakness. Impotence and tb*ir
allied Diwrders. Boole on Diseases o! Men J?ml
OverfflTM r £f x T£ <M '<; e - T ,? r «»* reasonable. lionK.
9to3dally:S::»u»3.30eVjW. Sunday*. 10 to 13. Cnnrnl*
uUonfreeandaacredlrcoafldentlai; CaS oridd^B
P. ROSCOE MeXUI/TY H D
26 »,' Kwrnys^ Han Frm»ol«sV CaL
"/• We will have on sale all this
week elegant lines of the following
NEW GOODS, ybfb suitable fop
HOLIDAY PRESENTS:^
Fine Battenberg Tidies, Scarfs, Center Pieces. PIUor^
Shams, Table Covers anl Bed Sets.
Eiderdown Comforters and Pillows In Silk, Satin anl
French Sateen Covering.
Ladles' Feather Boas, Fur Scarfs, Noveltu Belts and Fine
* Purses.
Ladles' and Gents' Initialed Handercnlefs, In Sllfc, Linen
Gents' Silk Murriers, Reefers, Scarfs and Noreltu
Neckwear.
Ladles' Lace Collars, Fichus, Ties, Ruffs, Jabots and
Fancu Neckwear.
Ladles' and Children's Fine Hosleru and Underwear,
at popular prices.
Gents' silk, Cashmere and Merino Underwear. Also
complete line of fine Half Hose.
Ladles' Fine Crochet Shawls, in white, pink, llack|
grau, blue and cardinal.
Ladles' and Gents' Silk Umbrellas, with horn, pearl,
natural wood and gun metal handles.
Ladles' and Gents' Best Makes Kid Gloves of FrencH,
English and German manufacture.
STORE OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS,
- ...
9
III 117 tIR \\T IIO tOf D/"4CT CTDCCT
ill* llO, lid, Hi, liy, \JL\ rUOl O t t\LL I .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
rf^~~^ And the loveliest
vJ-^^X, [ •: sort of Toys!
4fi^&f* With the
& J?} ~J i5§ Little Man's
j Christmas
I liii^iliF^ Christmas
% WjSj^ S Overcoat..
•w m I* ItWH JsJ** Th ° ** martcst Juvenile Fosh-
fUm v^ Ions in America arc in our house,
Jr \3E§f and all tinily priced. i! r .~vV ! ''
-gT^^Cii? open to " nigbt T|U n -
\%OTHPy Union /gvABBAvEHue.