plurality for William J. Bryan. Of the electoral- vote, it is
indicated at this hour that McKinley will have 294 and
Bryan 153. In 1896 McKinley had 271 and Bryan 176
The Call in its forecast on October 21 predicted that Mc-
Kinley would have 281 electoral votes and -Bryan- 166.
their majority in both the Senate and the
House of Representatives. The State of New York
has gone Republican by a plurality of at least 150,
000. Benjamin B. Odell Jr. has been elected Governor,
and the entire Republican State ticket has won by plural
ities of probably 40,000 less than that given for the Presi
dential Electors. In beautiful landslide weather, Bryan,
Croker, Jones and Stone have gone out of sight in a per
fect deluge of Republican votes. Instead of rolling up 8o,
000 plurality for Bryan in greater New York, Croker roll
efrvp less than 28,000. The actual figures computed at this
hour are 27,437 for the Greater City. Croker gives Bryan
28,240 in Manhattan and Bronx, 19,904 in Queens and
695 in Richmond.
On the other hand, McKinley carries the borough of
Brooklyn by 349,.
The Call in its forecast published on October 21 said
that Greater New York would not give more than 30,000
NEW YORK, Nov. 7, 2 a. m. — McKinley and
Roosevelt have swept the country. The Re
publicans will have a larger vote in the Elec
toral College than in 1896. They will increase
Although supporters of- Mr.- Bryan at a late hour are
" ... r ... - .
claiming the State of Washington/ it seems almost certain
that all the Pacific Coast States have gone for McKinley.
Wyoming, which was carried by Bryan in 1896 by 593 ph>
rality, has; gone for McKinley :by 2000 plurality. 1 South
'Dakota has also a£j>arently gone into ¦ the Republican . col-
Mr. Bryan hopes to be elected to the Senate from Ne
braska if McKinley goes to the White House. Tl^e indica^
tions are that while McKinley is surely going to the White
House Mr; Bryan is not likely to go to the Senate. The
latest reports are that the fusion legislative ticket in Ne
braska is weak, and that the Republicans may have the
Legislature.
BRYAN MAY NOT REACH SENATE.
Connecticut is Republican by 25,000, and McLean (R.) is
elected Governor, running 10,000 behind his ticket. New
Jersey's swelling. figures at this hour, are up to 65,000 and
may reach the wonderful plurality of 87,000, which the
State gave four years ago. Delaware, Maryland 'and West
Virginia are all in the Republican column again, all these
States having been indicated as likely to go for McKinley
in The Call's forecast. The Republican majority in the
House of Representatives is likely to be at least 35. The
Republicans in the present House have 186 and the op
position 168. It is just possible that Mr. Bryan may have
to remain in private life, and if he is to keep before the
public he must continue on the lecture platform.
In and around New York State the McKinley wave
rolled almost as high as it did in the Middle West. The
New-England States -pre sent * a solid '¦¦ sound money- front/
rality of 300,000 for McKinley. Texas, on the other hand,
reports a plurality of 215,000 for Bryan. Illinois, which
Mr. Bryan was led 1 to suppose was doubtful ten days ago,
has given to McKinley a plurality of 180,060. In 1896 it
gave him a plurality of 142,000. Wisconsin, which in 1896
gave to McKinley a plurality of 102,000, now swells it to
115,000. Indiana goes for McKinley by 30,000. Kansas,
which The Call predicted would go for McKinley, gives
signs clearly indicating no change of three weeks ago, and
has gone for the Republican ticket by a landslide among
the Populists and grangers. . <
SOLID FF^ONT FOR SOUND MONEY.
Never before was such a tremendous vote polled in
this country, and never before were such tremendous ma :
jorities rolled up as are recorded in some States To start
with, the registration was phenomenal, all records haying
been broken east and west. Pennsylvania reports a plu-
TREMENDOUS VOTE POLLED.
Returns from some of the States are very late coming in.
For instance, Kentucky and Nebraska are considered
doubtful States at this hour, simply because the returns
are meager. The indications are that McKinley has a little
the better of it in Nebraska, while Bryan's chief newspaper
supporter in Kentucky has given up the State.
Richard. Croker late this evening sent a telegram to
William J. Bryan at Lincoln, Nebr., saying that New York
County had done the best it could for him, but that he un
doubtedly knew the result by this time, and concluding:
"We are defeated.' but not discouraged." ,
Mr. Croker in a statement to-night said that he could
not say what was the cause of Bryan's defeat. He declared
that the Democrats in New York had done everything in
their power for Bryan, arid that Bryan was a natural leader
of men and would be heard from again.
GOOD NEWS CAUSES GREfiT JOY
The reception of the news of McKinley 's triumph in
New York was attended by signs of unexampled enthusi
asm. Never before did such crowds throng Herald
square, and six other points at which Herald bulletins
were displayed. The crowd literally went wild after the re
turns indicating McKinley's great victory had been dis
played. /
umn, but the fate of Senator Pettigrew is in doubt, the Rc
publicans making a desperate effort to capture the Legisla
ture so as to prevent his return to the Senate, and the fu
sionists, aided by a gerrymander, making a hard fight to
carry the Legislature and re-elect him.
Senator Jones, chairman of the Democratic National
Committee, at an early hour last night conceded the elec
tion of McKinley. In to-day's landslide even Nevada hun£
in the balance. Bryan carried the State by about 8oo.
which is a remarkable change from four years ago, when
he had a plurality of 6439. It is believed that Nevada will
elect Farrington (R.) to the House of Representatives.
¦ - ' ' ' ' ¦ *
McKINLEY AND ROOSEVELT
VOLUME LXXXVni-NO. 160.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Twenty precincts in the Twelfth Con
gressional District in the city give James
G. Butler (D.) 3448, W. R. Horton (R.)
2415. ' Democrats claim Butler's election
by 2000 majority.
Twenty-six precincts in the Eleventh
Congressional District in the city give
Patrick O'Malley (D.) 5179. Charles F. Joy
(R.) 6555. •
¦ Twenty-five precincts in Str~ Louis out
of 3.13 give. Bryan 5194; McKinley 2346:
Dockery (Dem.), for Governor. 5127; Flory
(Rep.) 3084. n
Chairman Serbert of the Democratic
State ; Central Committee stated that
enough doubtful counties had been heard
from to. indicate the election of Bryan
Electors and Dockery for Governor by
good pluralities: that the Democrats
would control the Legislature and elect
thirteen and possibly fourteen out of fif
teen Congressmen in the State.
Sixty-three prechaets out of 333 in St.
Louis give Bryan 11.759, McKinley S5S5,
Dockery. (D.) for Governor 11,527, Flory
(R.) 8558." ; -
Chairman Aikens continued: "If th»
remaining counties in the State show
similar gains, and Gt. Louis. St. Joseph
and Kansas City roll up their Uimal Re
publican majorities, I see no reason why
our State and national tickets should not
be successful. I know that the senti
ment in the State is ample to elect the
entire Republican State and national
tickets in Missouri."
Thomas G. Aikins. chairman of the
Republican State Committee, stated that
the county . chairmen of Butler, Noaway,
Green and Lawrence counties- had re
ceived enough returns to indicate that
McKinley and Flory, Republican candi
date for Governor, had carried them.
These counties, he said, showed Repub
lican gains over the vote cast in 1S96 of
from 400 to 1000.
j ST. LOUIS, Nov. 6.— Up to midnight the
returns from the State and city were very
meager, owing to the operation of the
new and untried Nesbitt election law, the
unusually heavy vote and the fact that
the counting of seven constitutional
amendments had been done first. Noth
ing definite as to the result of the vote
on State or national rickets could be had
at that time. It was known, however,
that the , following Democratic Congress
men, were ~ re-elected: ,W. S. Cowherd.
Fifth District; Champ Clark, Nintn;
James Cooney, Seventh; James T. Lloyd.
First; Charles F. Cochran, Fourth Dis
trict. --V
MISSOURI.
The Republicans elect all the State
ticket below Governor by Bafe majorities.
The rRepublicans claim all seven Con
gressmen, and the figures back the claim
as to-six of them. : v
nor is still leading slightly on the incom
plete returns, but the vote is too close
to state. definitely. ,
"I s£e no reason at this hour to change
the figures of the State Central Commit
tee issued before, the election. McKinley
has carried the- state by S0.000, outside of
Cook County. In Cook County the indi
cations are that both McKinley and Yates
will have a majority, with McKinley in
CHICAGO. Nqv. 6.— Chairman Rows of
the Republican State Central Committee
gave out the following statement:
ILLINOIS.
The Georgia delegation to Washington
remains solidly Democratic. Coffey Coun
ty. Hn South Georgia, went for McKinley,
and the town of Fitzgerald registered a
heavy Republican plurality. ' Bryan's ma
jority In Atlanta showed a large increase.
The Republicans failed to carry the
Fourth ward, which went for McKin
ley in 1856.
ATLANTA, Ga,, Nov. 6. — Bryan's ma
jority in Georgia will be about 40,000.
The majority for Bryan shows an ap
parent increase over that of four years
ago of about 4000., But little interest was
manifested and a very light vote was
polled.
GEORGIA.
JACKSONVILLE. Fla.. Nov. 6.-At
midnight the result in Florida be
summarized as follows: Bryan's ma
jority over McKinley, 22,000 Jennings (D.)
for Governor, is elected by 21,000 major
ity. The State Legislature is unanimous
ly Democratic.
FLORIDA.
The count is so slow in Kent and Sus,sex
counties that detailed results of the legis
lative elections there cannot be given, but
the Democrats say nothing has transpired
to destroy their confidence in the election
of a Democratic Legislature. It will be
10 a. m. before the result can be definitely
announced. McKlnley's plurality in the
State may reach 2500.
In the First District of Newcastle
County. Ford defeats Hitchens for Rep
re?fntative. a Democratic gain. In th'j
Tenth. Holcomh, Democratj defeat."
Hushbeck. Republican, another Demo
cratic train. Gains are also reported, but
i!ot officially, from Kent and Sussex
counties, and the Democratic claim of
the Legislature seems well founded.
While scattering returns only have been,
received from the country districts the
Democrats are confident that they have
carried a majority of the Delaware Leg
islature.
WILMINGTON. Del., Nov. 6.— Returns
received up to 9:30 o'clock Indicate a Re
publican majority In Newcastle County
of 2000 to 2500. This gives the State to the
Republicans by 1200 to 1500. The Demo
crats have- carried ICent and Sussex
counties^, electing two Senators and nlp<»
out of * ten Representatives in Kent
County and making gains in Sussex
County. This makes It certain that the
Democrats will have a majority in the
next Legislature.
DELAWARE.
NEW HAVEN. Conn.. Nov. 7.— The plu
rality for McKinley Is about 23,000. The
surprise of the flay was occasioned by the
fact that the Republican State ticket fol
lowed closely the figures of the Presiden
tial contest and.w-as elected by pluralities
of over 21,000. The Republican Congress
men were elected by majorities ranging
from 10,000 in the First District to a nar
row margin in the Second for Sperry.
CONNECTICUT.
Chairman C. D. Ford of the Republican
State Committee declined to make an es
timate on the result in the State.
District, and it is believed that John F.
Shafroth Is re-elected in the First, but
this cannot be said positively.
Milton Smith, chairman of the Demo
cratic State Central Committee, at mid
night made the following statement: "I
am satisfied that Brvan has carried this
State by from 40,000 to 60,000, and the fu
sion State ticket will not run 5000 votes
behind him. The Republicans have not
elected more than 12 of 65 members of the
Legislature. Congressman Shafroth has
a majority of 12,000 and Bell in the Sec
end District is elected by 25,000."
LOUISVILLE, Nov. 7.— Returns up to
1:30 a. m. continue to show Democratic
gains,- though both sides stiH~cIaim the
election. In 964 out of a total of 1884 pre
cincts in the State, including Louisville,
the reports show: Bryan 22.569, McKinley
13.9S1; Bryan's majority S5S3. Beckham
The Courier-Journal at midnight says
returns from two-thirds of the counties
in the State show Bryan and Beckham
majorities. The result will depend on the
size of the majority in the Eleventh Con
gressional District, which ia heavily Re
publican.
"Official returns from twenty-eight coun
ties have been received. In these counties
Beckham for Governor has gained 1039
over Goebel last' year, while Yerkes has
gained 1302 over Taylor in the same coun
ties last year. Jefferson County (Louis
ville) is not included In this estimate. This
indicates that Yerkes has been elected by
a safe majority. In the Presidential race
McKinley has probably run 1200 behind
Yerkes in the same counties."
"Bryan and Beckham have carried Ken
tucky by safe majorities. The Democrats
have elected nine out of the eleven Con
gressmen, including Gilbert In the Eighth,
Kehoe in the Ninth and Rhea In the Third
districts."
Chairman Combs of the Republican
State Committee said:
LOUISVILLE. Nov. 6.— At 10 o'clock
both Democratic and Republican commit
tees claim the State, though they furni=h
no figures in support of their claims. The
Louisville newspapers claim that Bryan
and Beckham .or McKinley and Yerkes
have gained the victory in this State, Just
according to whether these papers sup
ported the Democratic or Republican
tickets in the campaign. McKlnley's ma
jority in 180 out of 200 precincts In Louis
ville and the county is 4059. In the same
precincts the majority of Yerkes. Repub
lican candidate for Oovernor over Beck
ham, Democrat, is 4498. The Democrats
are claiming gains In the State.
LOUISVILLE. Nov. 6.— At midnight the
result of the election in Kentucky was in
doubt, with both sides claiming the State
and Presidential tickets. The Democrats
may be considered to have a trifle the bet
ter of the argument. Ex-Governor- Mc-
Creery, chairman of the Democratic State
Campaign Committee, said:
KENTUCKY;
KANSASvCITY. Nov. 7.-At 1 a. m.
Chairman Albaugh of the Kansas Repub
lican Committee claims the State for Mc-
Kinley by 30.TJO0 plurality and for Stan
ley by 25,000. He claims the election of
the entire Republican Congressional dele
gation and that the Legislature on joint
ballot will be Republican.
KANSAS.
DES MOINES. Nov. 7.— It is apparent
that Iowa is Republican by 100.000 and
that a solid delegation of eleven Repub
licans will be sent to Washington. Five
hundred and twenty-three out of 2137 pre
cincts in the State have been heard from
These give McKinley 299,707 and Bryan
203,842. a net Republican gain of 20 to a
precinct, if this ratio is maintained Mc-
Kinley's plurality will be 104.000. the larg
est on record in the State. The entire Re
publican State ticket is elected by the
largest plurality ever had in Iowa.
IOWA.
Democratic Congressmen have been
elected in the Second and Third districts,
while the Republican Congressional can
didates were successful in the Sixth,
Eighth. Tenth, Eleventh and Thirteenth
districts.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind.. Nov. 7.— A con
servative estimate at 12:30 a, m. places
McKinley's plurality in Indiana at 30,000.
The entire Republican State ticket is
elected.
INDIANA.
From the returns received by. him
Chairman Watson also -claimed the Dem
ocrats would have a working majority in
the lower house of the Legislature.
Judge Yates. who was at Republican
State headquarters all evening, claimed
bis election as Governor by a substantial
majority. ' .
ftie lead, by about 15.000. I estimate, his
plurality in Cook County at 25,000."
Chairman Watson of the Democratic
State Central Committee refused to con
cede the State to McKinley, and claimed
that Alschuler. Democratic candidate for
Governor, had carried the State by a small
plurality.
ST. PAUL, Nov. 7.— Up to 2 o'clock 407
precincts of the cities and throughout the
State /had- sent in reports on President,
Indicating a probable majority of 75,000
for: McKinley. Van Sant <R.) for Gover-
MINNESOTA.
DETROIT, Nov. 6.-Presldent McKinley
hag carried Michigan beyond doubt. Con
servative estimates place his majority at
65,000. His majority in .1896 was 41,542.
The Evening Newts bays that if MoKin
ley's ratio of majority in the 110 districts
heard from is maintained throughout the
State his majority will be 90,000. The Re
publican State ticket also haft been elected
by a smaller majority.
At 10 p. m. it is (nought the Republicans
have elected, all the Congressional
nominees. . . ...
MICHIGAN.*
President McKinley has carried the
the. State by. about 80,000. a reduction of
nearly a hundred thousand from that of
four years ago. The Republicans have
elected ten Congressmen. While the total
vote for Governor was behind that given
the national candidate. W. M. Crane was
re-elected by a larger plurality than that
received by President McKinley. The Re
publican vote showed a net loss of about
15 per cent.
BOSTON. Nov. 7.— The plurality in this
city of 8466 for Bryan, with one precinct
to be heard | from, came as the surprise
of the election in Massachusetts. Bryan
polled throughout the city 44,813 votes—
that is, 14.999 more votes than he received
four years ago. This is a gain of about
50 per cent for the Democratic Presiden
tial candidate. McKinley's support was
36,347, which was a loss of 24 per cent over
1S96. Bryan ran very, strongly in Repub
lican wards and seemed to lose in several
Democratic wards.
MASSACHUSETTS.
McKinley carried Baltimore city by 6995.
The returns -from the counties are mea
ger, but official advices from eighty-one
scattered precincts out of 354 give Mc-
Kinley 18,285, Bryan 16,19"). assuring Mc-
Kinley a majority of at least 10.000 in the
State. The defeat of the Democrats has
been thorough and surprising, it being
thought certain that they have lost five
of the six Congressmen, with the proba
bilities In favor of a clean sweep by the
loss of the other. The doubtful district is
the Second, in which Congressman J. F.
C* T.ilbot Is the Democratic candidate and
A. Blankeney the Republican aspirant.
The returns, with one precinct missing,
show a majority for Blankeney. and it is
regarded as. probable that he is elected.
This means a net loss of two Congressmen
to the Democrats, the Fourth and First
districts having been represented by Dem
ocrats, though Governor John W. Smith,
who was elected in the First, resigned
soon afterward to become Governor of
the State. His business partner. State
Senator. John P. Moore, was nominated
by the Democrats to succeed him, and
his defeat was a source of great surprise,
It being considered that he was practical
ly sure of election.
BALTIMORE. Nov. 6.— McKinley has
carried Maryland, beyond the shadow of
a doubt, the only question to be settled
being the size of his majority. With prac
tically complete returns from the city he
has a majority here of about 6500, while
from the State scattering returns indicate
an additional surplus of 3500, making his
toial majority in the State about 10,000.
There is no reason to believe the final
figures will vary greatly from those given
above. Chairman Vandiver of the Demo
cratic State Committee admits Bryan's
defeat in the State, while Chairman Golds
borough of the Republican Committee
says that McKlnley's majority will reach
14,000 at least. It is also certain that the
Republicans have elected four of the six
Congressmen, while the remaining two
will probably be Democratic, although
later returns may change this outlook.
MARYLAND.
Out of seventeen counties in the Elev
enth District, the Republican Gibraltar,
eight counties have been heard from, each
giving McKinley and Yerkes an average
majority* of 1000. The Republicans claim
20,000 majority on both State and national
tickets. , . _ ¦ , ¦ .
(D.), for Governor. 21,583; Yerkes (R.) 15,
tW; Beekham's majority 5694.
A total of sixty-two counties out of 117
in the State is Included In the precincts
heard from. »•
THE SHADED PORTION'S SHOW WHERE THE ARMY OF BELIEVERS IX THE ADMINISTRATION AND PROSPERITY MARCHED VICTORIOUSLY TO THE POLLS. THE UNSHADED POR
TIONS. WITH THE EXCEPTION OF IDAHO. NEBRASKA AND UTAH. WHICH ARE STILL IN DOUBT, SHOW WHERE THE BRYANITES WERE MOST NUMEROUS.
There Is little doubt that Congressman
John C. 3e!i is re-elected in the Second
DENVER, Nov. 6.— Returns received up
<o II o'clock indicate that Colorado has
given Bryan at least 30.000 plurality. The
fusion State ticket is probably elected by
half that plurality, and it appears that
the f unionists will have a majority of the
legislature. Many counties have not
lxen heard from, others have only esti
mates and none have given full returns
A hard fight has been made by the Re
publicans all over the State on legislative
tickets in the interest of Senator Wol
cott, who is a candidate for re-election,
end it is possible that Republican repre
sentative.* have been elected in some
counties which went for Bryan.
COLORADO.
I.TTTI.E ROCK, Ark.. Nov. 6— At 11:30
to-right the returns show a slight falling
off in the vote in the large counties, which
may reduce Bryan's majority to 50.000.
In the ciijr.s Bryan runs a trifle behind
the Democratic nominees for Congress.
A very small vote was received by the
PopuliKt Electors, and the Prohibition vote
In the State will not exceed 1000. All six
IVmocratic Congressmen are elected.
ARKANSAS.
MONTGOMERY. Ala.. Nov. 6.-Returns
from the State are too meager to give any
figure? on vote for President. Brvan car
ried the State by a large majority on a
light vote. A full Democratic Congres
sional delrerition was oliosen
ALABAMA.
in* gunernatonai tickets have ap
parently followed the national and Odell
is elected in New York and Yates in 1111-
The Fifty-seventh Congress seems to be
Republican by a substantial ¦working ma
jority. •-: '
Massachusetts had fallen from 174.000 to
G0.QM, New York from 2fiR.<w» to I.Vi.OOO and
Illinois from 142.<"«*i to lffQ.onn r, r less. If all
the unreported States should turn out as
Democratic, a highly improbable con
tingency, it r.ould not change the result.
Th« latest returns from Nebraska Indi
cate a Republican plurality.
The whole story was easily and briefly
told. The Republican ticket would have
a larger electoral vote than four years
ago. but in the larger States of the East
and Middle" West the pluralities of 1S?6
had been greatly reduced.
the far Western States was naturally bo
delayed a? to give little indication of the
opinion there, but they had ceased to
have a determining effect and^before 10
o'clock the Democratic leaders had given
up the contest and fc was announced that
Mr. Hryan had gone to bed and was sound
asleep.
On the other hand, the returns from
Jr.di.ana. Michigan, the two Dakota,?,
I "tan and 'Wyoming. as well as Nebraska,
peemed to indicate Ftrong Republican
gains over 1&J6. Delaware. Maryland and
\Y« st Virginia had given decided Repub
lican pluralities. The count in several of
had declared in unmistakable terms, al
though by a greatly reduced majority.
for tbe Republican candidates. As the
night progresses it only served to con
firm this judgment, but the returns from
Illinois revealed a like condition. The
Kepublican j'luratiy of 1S26 was greatly
reduced, but ii was still far too Urge to
be overcome.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Nov. 6.— It becamf
evident at a very early hour
this evening that the election
of McKinley and Roosevelt
was aspired. At R:30 o'clock
returns from nearly two-thirds of the
•lection district! of Greater New York
had been received, indicating beyond
question that Bryan and Stevenson could
not expect more than 25.000 or 30,003
plurality in this Democratic stronghold
and unless there was a landslide in .the
ou?s-;de counties beyend a!! reasonable ex
pectation the pivotal State of New York
NEW YOBK, Nov. 7.-A 1
o'clock this morning the Her
ald tabulates the probable
Electoral College, giving Mc-
Kinley eight votes from Ne
braska, thereby increasing
his total to 302.
McKinley States — California
9. Connecticut 6, Delaware 3,
Illinois 24, Indiana 15, Iowa
13, Kentucky 13, Kansas 10,
T.Iaine 6, Maryland 8, Massa
chusetts 15, Michigan 14,
Minnesota 9, Nebraska 8, New
Hampshire 4, N'ew Jersey 1O,
New York 36, North. Dakota
3. Ohio 23, Oregon 4, Penn
sylvania 32. Rhode Island 4,
South Dakota 4, Vermont 4,
Washington 4, West Virginia
6, Wisconsin 12, Wyoming 3.
Total. 302.
Bryan States — Alabama 11,
Arkansas 8, Colorado 4, Flor
ida 4. Georgia 13, Idaho 3,
Louisiana 8, Mississippi 9,
Missouri 17, Montana 3, Ne
vada 3. North Carolina 11,
South Carolina 9, Tennessse
12. Texas 15. Utah 3, Virginia
12. Total, 145.
Returns From Indiana, Michigan, the
Two Daiotas, Otah and Wyom
ing Disquieting to Democrats.
GROUND LOST BY THE KEBR&SKAH
Significant Gains Are Made
in Many Eastern and
Western States,
The Republicans Carry
States Formerly
for Bryan.
NOW GIVE
VOTES TO
McKINLEY
The immediate effect of the re-election
of the President will be a vigorous prose
cution of the campaign in the Philippine*
and the enactment of legislation author
izing an army of regulars and volunteers
of 100.000 men. A high official announced
to-night that there would be but a slight
reduction. If any, in the war taxes, as
funds would be required for the payment
of the army.
Governor Allen of Porto Rico would
probably be considered in connection with
the head of the Navy Department in case
of Mr. Long's retirement.
The friends of Postmaster General Smith
are decidedly of the opinion that he will
not remain In the Cabinet as Postmaster
General, though if the President should
desire he might accept another portfolio.
The President's selection will not, of
course, be known for some months.
Several months ago Secretary Long de
clared positively he would re-enter privata
life after March 4, but the President hast
a very high opinion of Mr. Long's ability.
and he would undoubtedly like him to re
main.
Should Mr. Hay retire it seems, to be
generally conceded that Senator Davis of
Minnesota and Embassadora Choate ami
Porter will be considered. General Porter
is also spoken of in connection with tha
war portfolio. Secretary Root's family is
very anxious that he shall retire, basing
their irish upon the Secretary's health.
Should the Secretary remain axsd should
Mr. Hay retire it is believed that his nam*
would also be considered in connection
with the premiership of the administra
tion. •
It seems equally certain that John Wil
liam Griggs, the Attorney General, will
retire to privato life. There has been con
siderable talk of the retirement of Secre
tary Hay. due to his ill health last sum
mer, but among the Secretary's friends
the impression prevails that he may re
main. It is generally understood that so
far as the President is concerned he -would
be glad to have Mr. Hay stay at the head
of the State Department, his work having
been of a very high order of excellence.
The Secretary's health is better than it
was several months asro. -and should ha
continue strong It may be he will stay In
the next Cabinet. ,-
ETHAN ALLEN HITCHCOCK. Secre
tary of the Interior. •:
JAMES WILSON. Secretary of Agricul
ture.
In accordance with time-honored cus
tom all the members of the present Cab
inet will on March 3 next tender their
resignations. From the best Information
obtainable It is expected that these gen
tlemen win certainly remain in tha next
Cabinet:
LYMAN J. GAGE. Secretary of the
Treasury.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Nov.
6.— President McKinley will leav«
Canton to-morrow and la expect
ed to arrive In Washington or
Thursday. Already speculation is rife U
to the membership of the President's new
Cabinet. Some quiet gossip has been ir.
circulation prior to the election, and this
has increased in volume since the result
became apparent early In the evening.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call
Secretary Hay May Decline Reappolnt-
x ment, Owing to 111 Health, and
Daiis Is Suggested.
GRIGGS 15 EXPECTED TO PURE
Gage, Wilson and Hitchcock
Will Probably Be
Speculation Is Rife in
Washington as to
Its Composition,
PERSONNEL
OF THE NEW
CABINET
SWEEP OF THE REPUBLICAN TIDAL WAVE OVER THE CODNTRY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1900-
VIEW OF THE ELECTORAL MAP OF THE UNITED STATES AT MIDNIGHT.
Stops the Cough
And work* oft the cold. Laxatlv* Breroa-Qui
n!ne Tablets cure a cold In on. day. N» cura.
no pay. Prica 25 cents. •
Continued on Seventh Page.
The request made by the new Viceroy
of .Canton for sick leave has not been
granted. On the contrary, he has been
ordered to proceed immediately to Can
ton and assume the duties of his office.
N'EW YORK. Nov. &— A Sun special
from Shanghai says: Americans residing
In this city took a straw Presidential bal
lot to-day. The result stood: McKinley.
110: Bryan. 16.
"Mr. Odell has apparently not received
in Greater New York as many Democratic
votes as the national candidates, but in
the other counties there is little variance
between his votes and McKinley's. His
plurality will not be more than 23,000 less
than the President's. Both branches of
the Legislature are Republican by in
creased majorities. There have been
elected four additional Republican Con
gressmen."
RESULT OF A STRAW VOTE.
NEW YORK. Nov. 6.— Senator Thomas
C. Platt gave out the following state
ment at 10:30 to-night:
"At this hour it is apparent that the
plurality for McKinley and Roosevelt
above the Bronx River is not less than
155,000. and may easily exceed that figure
by 10,000. Greater New York ia against
us in the neighborhood of 30,000, and.
therefore, we are confident of the State
by nearly 150.000 for the national ticket.
It may slightly exceed that amount
Night.
Flatt Makes Estimate Early in the
to the Result.
NEW YORK. Nov. 6.— Governor Roose
velt, surrounded by his family, to-night
received the returns at his home on the
Sagamore Hill*. The Governor at no time
during the evening seemed anxious about
the result. He did not make any special
arrangements to receive the news and
depended on messages to be brought from
the telegraph otrtce nearly three miles
away. The first definite information of
the Republican victory was conveyed to
the Governor at about U> o'clock. He was
in the reception room with his wife and
daughter. When he appeared at the door
to meet a reporter he was clad in full
evening dress. He invited his visitor Into
the parlor and closely scrutinized the re
turns and briefly commented on the re
sult. After reading the message he said:
"Isn't that fine? It shows what the
American people are. It shows they want
the good times to continue and are la
favor of honest money and are for the
fag."
The Governor at once dictated the fol
lowing dispatch to President McKinley:
"To President William McKinley. Can
ton, Ohio: I congratulate you and the
nation. You have my heartfelt gratitude
over the result.
"THEODORE ROOSEVELT."
The Governor also sent messages of con
gratulation to Senator Hanna and Chair
man Odell, Governor elect.
9
PLURALITIES ABOVE BRONX.
Says He Never Had Any Doubt as
ROOSEVELT Tn^ATtg NEWS.
In the Wall street Tllstrict. which in
cludes the borough of Richmond. Staten
Island. Nicholas Muller. Democrat i"
prooably elected. Republicans concede
the election of William Sulzer. Democrct
and that John S. Hill. Democrat, Has
been beaten by William H. Douglas Re!
Returns from Congressional districts are
scattering and incomplete. On Lonl
Island McKinley and Bryan are.nmnlnl
so close together that all estimates are
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— At 11 o'clock the
indications are that President McKinley
has carried New York State by a ma
jority over ".Bryan of about 150.000, com
pared with a Republican majority in the
last Presidential election of 268,469. The
total vote in the city of New York is ap
proximately ,60,000 larger than it was in
1896, and up the State the increase is
about 30,000. In the city Bryan wipes out
the' plurality of 60.000 which McKinley
had four year ago and took on a plurallty
for himself of about 25.000. Up the State
McKinley barely held the vote which he
had in 1S96. the added vote going to
Bryan. The vote for B. B. Odell Jr. Re
publican nominee for Governor, Is 'con
siderably larger than that for McKinley
In Brooklyn particularly the Democratic
nominee for Governor, Mr. Stanchfleld
appears to have been scratched. ut "" em '
.v. The .. elect!ol l. Pa* 8 *** °ff quietly both in
the city and State. There were no more
than the usual number of arrests of men
accused of attempting illegal voting at
city precincts, and where the accused
made it clear that they were Innocent
they were allowed to return to the po
int? places and vote. v
NEW YORK.
The two Democratic Congressmen are
Salmon of the Fourth District, who is re
elected, and McDermott of the Seventh
District, who succeeds the late Congress
man William D. Daly (Democrat). Con
gressman Howell (Republican), In the
Third District, who it was thought would
have a close fight, was elected by at least
2000 plurality.
Midnight— Fuller returns bear out the
first statement that N'ew Jersey will give
McKinley and Roosevelt 50.000 plurality.
The Democrats have succeeded in carry
ing only four out of the twenty-one
counties. They have made a net loss of
three members in the upper house of the
Legislature. The new Senate will stand
sixteen Republicans to four Democrat*,
and the House will contain forty-four Re
publicans and fifteen Democrats, the same
as last year.
TRENTON. Nov. 6.— Incomplete returns
from different parts of the State indicate
that New Jersey has been carried for Mc-
Kinley by more than 50,000. The Republi
cans elect six of the eight Congressmen,
the same representation as last year, and
will have an overwhelming majority in
both houses of the Legislature, insuring
the election of a Republican to succeed
William J. Sewall (Republican) as United
States Senator.
NEW JERSEY.
OMAHA, Nov. 7.-At 2 a. m. 235 pre
cincts had been heard from and with the
later returns come figures which encour
age i».e fusionists in their claim that
Bryan will carry the State by a small
plurality. They at least indicate that the
early gains reported for McKinley will
be materially cut down by returns from
the agricultural districts. Some change
has also been noted in the Legislative re
turns from Douglass County, which- has
the largest Assembly District delegation
in the State, and which has always been
Republican. The latest reports from ward
precincts in Omaha favor the fusionists
and they now hope to elect at least a part
of their twelve candidates for the two
houses.' ' i .,: - -'¦¦¦¦
Chairman Hall of the Democratic State
Central Committee was reticent with re
gard to the result and refused to give any
figures. Chairman Lindsay of the Re
publican State Central Committee said
all their returns indicate a complete Re
publican victory with a plurality of from
8000 to 10.00Q for McKinley. with no defi
nite returns on the State ticket and the
Legislature.
Although not a factor, the Prohibition
ticket shows a gain over four years ago.
iUwill require a pretty full count to de
termine the complexion of the Legislature,
and both sides are claiming a majority
on Joint ballot.
State, would indicate Republican plural
ity of from 2000 to 5000. However, the
Fusionists say these returns are not sig
nificant of the real result and that the
outlying districts will overcome these
gains and give the State to Bryan by from
5000 to 8000. The result of the vote on the
national ticket will no doubt' also deter
mine the victories on the State ticket,
both running very close together.
OMAHA.. Nov. 6.— At midnight 200 pre
cincts out of 1511 in the State had returned
results of to-day's election, thirty of these
being from Omaha and Douglass County
£v?,^ Q u. tJ^i? f tl if m ** lve Re Pub»can gains',
which.; if they: hold good throu shout the
NEBRASKA.
Upon the -face of these small returns
W. A. Clark, who is seeking a vindication,
will 'have control of the next Legislature,
in which event he will probably be sent
to the' Senate again in spite of the fact
that. he was practically convicted of brib
ery there last spring. It is impossible to
give any figures to-night
At midnight Chairman Booth of the In
dependent Democratic party conceded the
State to the Clark Democratic fusioniste
The latter claim the election of Toole
S 0 ,^" 10^' and E J dw ,?, rd9 to Congress by
10,000. . Butte and Stiver Bow County Is
also conceded' to the fusionists, with the
exception of the District Judges, upon
which -there- ia i some doubt. The fusion
ists will probably elect an Associate Jus
tice of the Supreme Court. Clark will
have control of the next Legislature and
will Probably -be returned to the Senate
as a vindication. . D
BUTTB, Mont., Nov. 6.— Returns from
the State are incomplete, but indicate the
election of the Clark Democrats, Popu
list and j Labor party fusion State ticket,
and that Bryan carries the State by a
very large majority. In Butte, where the
anti-Clark sentiment was counted on to
defeat the Fusion ticket In the State, It
is found the .Republicans voted largely
with the Clark party, and the latter made
heavy Inroads upon the Daly Democratic
strongholds. ¦ . :
Cald weir Edward. Populist, is likely
elected to Congress and j. K. Toole, Clark
Democrat, as Governor. ' •' '
MONTANA.
2i NEW YORK. Nov. 6.— A special to the
Sun from Rome says: The Pope has is
sued an encyclical urging the world to
accept the teachings. of Christ for th«
improvement* and salvation of society and
the avoidance of- conflicts. ' to put th«
principles of Christianity In practice In
education, , commerce and general rela
tions.. His Holiness says that the na
tions have heard enough of the rights of
man and that -they should hear more of
the rights of God.
Republican majority, 41,
How the Democratic Candidate Spent
RESULT PUTS BRYAN TO SLEEP.
the Day at His Home.
LINCOLN. Neb., Nov. 6.— Mr. Bryan re
ceived election returns at his residence in
this city. His house was fairly overrun
by newspaper men and telegraph opera
tors. Not only was the tirst floor of the
house largely given up to them, but two
of the rooms on the second story also.
Four telegraph wires ran to the house.
Mr. Bryan had with him ¦ his brother,
Charles Bryan, his former law partner;
ex-State Senator Talbot, National Com
mitteeman Dahlman and Attorney
Schmidt. Mrs. Bryan had as companions
a cousin, Mrs. Rogers and Mrs. Dahlman.
Mr. Bryan took his dinner at a little
¦ after 6 o'clock and later spent a few min-
I utes in conversation with the newspaper
i men, referring to the bulletins received
i and asking some questions about dlffer
| ent States, but without venturing any
I opinion upon the figures. The Jirst bulle
i tin was the one announcing that Pough
i keepsie, N. Y.. had given McKinley a ma
jority of 1337 and tni» was quickly fol
lowed t>y another bulletin to the effect
that Elmira had gone in Mr. Bryan's
favor to the extent of 1722 majority.
' When shown the message he pimpiy re*
; marked that it was encouraging.
The other bulletins from |\"ew York
j came 'In thick and last after that and
i while Mr. Bryan made no comment there
i was a feeling among tnose present that
¦ he was disappointed in jhe returns from
New York city and Brooklyn. His re
' ports up to the last concerning those
cities had been encouraging and his own
observation had led him to believe that
there would be a large Increase in his
vote rather than a loss. On the other
hand, there was considerable encourage
ment from the Interior of New York State
and especially gratifying was a message
from National Commltteeman Mack, say
ing that Buffalo had given McKinley a
majority of only 3000 against 12,000 tour
years ago. Coming close upon the heels
( of the Buffalo dispatch was one from a
j friend in Boston announcing that that
1 city had gone for Bryan by a majority of
I 70w as against 17,000 for McKinley four
| years ago.
The early dispatches indicated the loss
of Maryland and this was also a disap
pointment, for it had been believed that
that State was fairly safe for the Demo
cratic ticket.
After receiving the earlier returns in his
library In the midst ot his friends, Mr.
liryan retired to his private apartments,
which were connected with tne outside
world by a special wire. Both he and
Mrs. Bryan were in a cheerful mood and
a person unacquainted with the circum
stances would never- have dreamed that
they were at this time the center of na
tional interest.
At 8 o'clock when the newspaper men
congregated at Mr. Bryan's house sought
to Fecure a statement from Mr. Bryan
they were told that he had just gone to
sleep and could not be disturbed. When
he retired to his room he glanced over
the returns with apparent interest and
then expressing a desire to make up for
some of the rest he had lost in the past
few weeks, lay down and was fast asleqp
in less than rive minutes. He had slept
an hour In the afternoon, after which he
went /or a horseback ride to his farm
He did not, however, feel fully recuper
ated and therefore sought additional rest,
thus manifesting probably less concern
than hundreds of thousands of his fol
lowers.
Mr. Bryan remained In his private
j apartments during the entire evening nnd
j slept the 'greater part of the time. ¦ He
did not make his appearance in the par
lor of his house, where the newspaper
corre?pondents were congregated, until
11 o'clock, and his coming at that time
was for the purpose of notifying the press
that he would have nothing • to say for
publication during the night. He added
canteen policy and liquor interests in
our .foreign possessions and his election
will have the effect of bringing the liquor
question to an issue. The Prohibitionists
looked upon the Democratic party in re
cent years as a sort of a sham, which
stcod in the way of reform. We feel in
better shape now to press the fight
against liquor than if Bryan had been the
successful candidate. If Bryan had been
elected we would have had to change our
whole line of attack.
"As it Is we are inclined to felicitate our
selves on the result from the standpoint
of our party, for the returns show in fa
vor of the Prohibition party throughout
the United States and we face exactly the
same conditions unchanged from what
they have been during past years. The
general returns up to 10 o'clock indicate
more than a doubling of the prohibition
vote over 1S96."
John G. Wooolley. Prohibition national
candidate, said he would leave for New
York in the latter part of this week to
continue his campaign against the liquor
question. The campagin w'll be main
tained steadily during the next four years,
he said, during which time he will tour
the country. In 1901 special attention will
be given to Ohio. Iowa, Virginia, Rhode
Island and Oregon and States that hold
elections that year.
VOTING IN PHILIPPINES.
New York the Only State That Gives
Soldiers a Chance.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 6.— New York is
the only State which has given its soldiers
lighting in the Philippines an opportunity
to exercise the right of suffrage. West
Virginia at one time contemplated send
ing commissioners to the Philippines to
supervise the voting of its sons, but the
War Department Is not advised that It
carried out this intention. There are more
than 30,000 volunteers in the Philippines,
and about 3S.OO0 regulars. The department
Is not informed what regulations have
been promulgated by the New York Com
missioners relative to the qualifications of
voters, but it is presumed they are in ac
cordance with the laws of the State. It
is estimated that several thousand men
enlisted from New York State, and If any
of the Congressional election districts are
close, especially those In the vicinity of
Fort Niagara, where the F'orty-second
Regiment was recruited, the vote of the
soldiers in the Philippines will have an
important effect. The vote of the soldiers,
when cast, will be sealed and delivered at
Albany, where It will be counted. Offi
cials of the department gay that the Fed
eral Government could, of course, take no
action to Insure the voting of. troops on
foreign service. This was a matter, it is
said, which the States themselves should
have attended to, and surprise is ex
pressed that more States did not follow
the example of New York and send Com
missioners to Manila. It Is possible, the of
ficials concede, that other States may have
sent Commissioner?, but they believe that
in this event they would have been in
formed of it.
, . »
WRONG BALLOTS ARE USED.
Mistake at Albany^ Many Cause the
Throwing Out of 326 Votes.
ALBANY,. N. ¦ Y.. Nov. 6.— The sensa
tional feature of the election here was a
mistake which happened in the Eleventh
.Ward; and which may result In the throw
ing out of 326 votes. The City Clerk in dis
tributing the ballots sent those marked
for the first election district of that ward
to the third election district and the bal
lots for the latter district to the former.
The mistake was not discovered until 1S6
of- the ballots had been cast in the' first
district and 140 In the third district. The
Democratic workers find watchers filed
with the Inspectors of Election in both
districts a protest to the counting of these
votes. '
JOY AT NATIONAL CAPITAL.
Re-election of McKinley. Causes Dem-
onstrations on Streets.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— The jubilation
here over President McKinley's re-elec
tion broke all bounds. Never except at
Inauguration times, did such crowds
surge up and down Pennsylvania avenue,
cheering, singing and blowing* horns.
In the absence' of. the* President, there
was- no gathering at the . White House,
and such advices as were received there
were conveyed by telephone to members
of the Cabinet now In Washington. Only
three are here— Secretaries ' Hay. Gage
and Root, the latter reaching the city
during the evening, after casting his bal
lot in New York. Secretary Hay was
feeling indisposed and remained at his
home during the evening, but Secretary
Gage was at the Treasury Department,
and with a number of friends heard the
results there.
At the Av ar Department Secretary Root,
General Miles and Adjutant General Cor
bin were on hand and remained until late
in the evening. At Republican and Dem
ocratic headquarters officers of commit
tees were engaged in figuring on the com
plexion of the next House of Representa
tives. Loudenslager was In charge ot
Republican headquarters and Chairman
Richardson of the Democratic.
GREAT BRITAIN GRATIFIED.
Comment on the Result of the Elec
tions in the United States.
LONDON. Nov. 7.— The weakness of
American securities on the Stock Ex
change yesterday was a reflection of tha
strong interest taken here in the Ameri
can election and the recognition that, al
though the success of McKlnley'was re
garded as almost certain the contest pre
sented all kinds of possibilities owing to
the complexity of issues before the Amer
ican public.
Additional interest was lent for the Eng
lish observers by the near conjunction
with their own elections, which also
turned almost wholly on the question of
imperialism.
The morning papers went to press toa
early to be In a position to comment on
the result, but all published editorials and
elaborate dispatches depicting the pro
press of the contest. All are impressed
by the comparative fewness of disorders..
The Daily Chronicle says: "Considering
the excitement over the enormous elec
toral area the tranqutlity of thi3 great
contest is remarkable." . .
The Standard: "There can be no reason
able doubt that President McKinley has
been re-elected. Isolated cases of tumult
should serve only to emphasize the ad
mirable spirit and common citizenship
with which the people of the republic play
their part in the engrossing struggle for
the mastery. It is significant that racial
animosity was the cause of the worst con
flict."
The Standard goes on to express the
frankest satisfaction over the success of
McKinley, adding: "This success In
sures a continuance of the stability in
money matters and no change in the for
eign policy of the United States. The
triumph of Mr. Bryan would have been
felt everywhere as heralding a sharp re
versal of the policy which has made the
United States a powerful and energetic
member of the great family of nations."
Democratic National Headquarters
STONE CONCEDES DEFEAT.
Closed at Midnight.-
NEW YORK. Nov. 6.— Ex-Governor
Stone at midnight made the following an
nouncement:
"I give up. The returns telegraphed to
these headquarters from New York, New
Jersey and Connecticut show that these
States have gone Republican. Return*
from Maryland and West Virginia are
incomplete. My information from the
Middle and Western States is so Indefi
nite that I cannot form an opinion as to
the result. As I do not know the fact?
I will wait before I say finally what I
think Is the result."
Mr. Stone then closed the Democratic
National Headquarter.? for the night.
and Hiram Gregg. Republicans, were ar
rested here and charged with votl-.g ille
gally. More arrests on the same charge
may follow.
CANDIDATES CAST BAKLOTS.
Incidents Attending the Voting of
McKinley and Bryan.
CANTON, Ohio, Nov. 6.— President Mc-
Kinley cast his ballot at 9:20 this morn
ing. Shortly before that time he came
from the McKinley residence, accom
panied by Judge Day. Dr. Rlxey, Post
master George B. Frease and Charles R.
Miller, of, Canton, and Secretary Cortel
you. .A number of people had gathered
in front of the house and the President
shook hands with many and! exchanged
pleasant greetings. Down Market street
he and Judge Day walked at the head of
the party and the President was kept
busy raising his hat to the many greet
ings along the way. The windows of one
of the factories were crowded with work
men, who gave him a cheer as he passed.
At the voting place quite a crowd hail
collected to see the President cast his
vote. He shook hands with some of the
officials and then stood while the ques
tions reauired by law were asked. His
registry number was '3)2 and his was the
ninety-seventh ballot cast in a total vot
ing strength of 333. The President re
mained at the booth fully a minute, scan
ning the ticket before casting it into th->
ballot box. The President marked his
ballot so as to vote the entire Republi
can column.
Judge Day then voted and the party
started 'back to ; the house, receiving
further friendly demonstrations along
the way. Ths President received dis
patches from New York leaders early to
day, saying a large vote had been polled
by 8 o'clock and expiessing strong con
fidence in the result.
LINCOLN, Neb., Ncv. 6.— Mr. Bryan
cast his vote at 11:10 o'clock. The cere
mony was witnespe-i bv a half hundred
residents congregated near the booth and
a dozen or more newspaper men followed
Mr. Bryan. Before foing to the voting
place, Mr. Bryan repaired to the City
Hall, where he filled out a certificate
stating that he had failed to register bo
cause of absence from the city. Tha
clerk at the City Hall who supplied him
with a certificate also dispensed to all
who would receive them yellow badge3
bearing the inscription, "I am a Republi
can." and he seemed ciuite as much oc
cupied with one duty as the other. There
was quite a procession from the City
Hall to the voting place, consisting of
citizens and newspaper men In carriages
and a number of Mr. Bryan's neighbors
on foot, who escorted him to the voting
place.
CLEVELAND, Nov. 6.— Senator Hanna
arrived this morning from Chicago and
was driven directly to his home. Subse
quently he deposited his ballot. It re
quired only a few seconds for the Senator
to mark and fold his ballot, which was
taken to mean that he had voted a
(straight ticket.
INDIANAPOLIS. Nov. 6.— Benjamin
Harrison walked to a booth three blocks
away from his home and voted.' The
crowd made way for the former President,
who was Inside the booth only a short
time.
BLOOMINGTON, 111., Nov. 6.— Adlal E
Stevenson voted In Precinct 1, walking
from his home to the booth in company
with his son. There were very few people
on the street and his presence was almost
unnoticed. Having voted he returned to
his home. •
PRINCETON, N. .J., Nov. 6.-Former
President. Grover Cleveland arrived here
from New "iork at 12:57 to-day was
driven, at once to a polling-place and
voted. He then proceeded to his home
PRINCETON, ; N J., Nov. 6.-Ex-Presi
dent Cleveland, when seen by a reporter
to-night and Interviewed, said he had
absolutely not a word to say either on the
election itself or as to the way he voted
PROHIBITIONISTS CHEERFUL.
to Them.
Say Election of McKinley Is a Boon
"CHICAGO, Nov. 6-— Prohibition Na
tional Chairman Oliver "\v. Stewart said
to-night: "The outcome of the election is
no surprise.' nor is it. a disappointment.
The election of . McKinley will tend - to
focalize the sentiment of the people on the
saloon question. He is committed to the
that he might possibly give out a state
ment to-morrow.
After this assurance the visitors to the
house withdrew and soon afterward the
Hants were extinguished nnd the house
presented no signs of animation. Mrs.
Bryan spent the evening entertaining her
company and gave no signs of fatigue or
disappointment. The belief Is quite gen
eral that Mr.. Bryan will say to-morrow
that he does not doubt the election for
the second time of his rival, for while
he has given no direct utterance of such
concession he Indirectly admits to-night
to friends that he does not hope for more
than to rcduco the Republican majority In
some of the Eastern States.
McKINLEY HEARS RETURNS.
At His Canton Home the Executive
Arrested- for Illegal Voting.
DECATUR, Ind., Nov.; 6.-Pearl. Cutting
Learns the Result.
CANTON, Ohio, Nov. 6.— President Me-
Klnley received the election returns to
night at his home, surrounded by a
large number of his old friends and
neighbors. Including many ladles who
came as the guests of Mrs. McKinley, to
share with her the interest^ and excite
ment of this culminating efent of the
campaign.
Direct wires connected the house with
the Republican National Headquarters at
New York and at Chicago, with Senator
Hanna at the Union Club in Cleveland,
and with the home of Governor Roose
velt at Oyster Bay, so that the President
was in constant telegraphic touch with
his associate on the ticket and with the
campaign leaders.
The President made his headquarters
in his library, where most of the gentle
men guests congregated, while Mrs: Mc-
Kinley entertained the ladles in the par
lor. The President was in his good
humor, showing no signs of anxiety over
the result.
The President in person read aloud
some of the returns, but refrained from
making any comment whatever on the
result and accepting with unruffled com
posure the favorable reports which be
gan to come in at an early hour. Sec
retary Cortolvou read most of the dis
patches, some of the more cheering an
nouncements being heartily applauded
by the guests. Most of the early advices
were fragmentary and inconclusive, but
the strong indications that New York
and probably Illinois had gone for Mc-
Kinley were received with great satis
faction.
At 9 o'clock the President received a
dispatch from an enthusiastic Individual
that New York and Illinois carried the
day for McKinley and that he was re
elected.
The responsible leaders made no early
claims, although their dispatches told of
gains at many points and .breathed the
spirit of victory near at hand.
The President's . first congratulations
from headquarters came from J. H. Man
ley at New York, as follows: "Praise
God. from whom all blessings flow. Your
triumphant re-election Is conceded by
Democratic managers. I tender my
earnest congratulations. We are very
happy at headquarters."
At midnight Canton was in a frenzy of
enthusiasm which knew no bounds. The
crowds which had been burping red tire
downtown marched to the McKinley. resi
dence with bands playing, rockets sending
lurid streaks across the midnight sky and
tumultuous cheers, mingled with the din
of horns and steam whistles. The crowd
was stilled for a time with some of the
cheering news received.' This included
dispatches 'from Kansas, claiming, that
State by 40.000; f rom. Secretary H p ath of
the National' Committee, saying Indiana
pave McKinley 29,000 plurality; from the
Iowa- chairman, saying- Iowa's plurality
was 100.000, and from- the Union- League
Club, Chicago, giving the President glow
ing congratulations. But the crov/d clam
ored for the President and he appeared,
waving his acknowledgment of the deaf
ening cheers. He said: :, ¦**
"Fellow citizens: . I thank you for the
very great compllmtnt of this call on this
inclement night and at this late hour. Of
the gratifying reports from all parts of
the country none have given me more sin
cere gratitude than those from my own
city and my own'county of Stark, and I
appear now only to do as I- have done on
so many' former occaslrtas— to thank you
onci 1 more for the warm and hearty in
dorsement which you have to-day given
my public acts."
DENVER, Nov. 6.— Two men dead and
four wounded, one of whom will proba
bly die, is the result of a clash which oc
curred early to-day between members of
the police force and a posse of Deputy
Sheriffs at a polling place at Twenty-sec
ond and Larimer strfets in the down
town district. Charles Allen, a negro
Deputy Sheriff, was shot and Instantly
killed, and Stewart Harvey, white, a
special policeman, died in the afternoon
at the County Hospital.
Fifteen hundred special policemen had
been sworn in for the day and about 1009
fpecial deputies. At 7 o'cloclf Special
Policemen Charles F. Carpenter anrt
Green were sent to 1 wenty-second and
Larimer streets to supervise the opening
of the polls in District H, Precir.ct four.
Several special deputies were present.
Orders had been issued by the Fire an-1
Police Board to refuse to recognize the
authority of the deputies, and to axre3t
any one who in any way interfered with
tne police.
Under these instructions Officer Car
penter ordered the deputies to -retire
to 100 feat from the polls. Hampscm
Jackson, colored, resisted, anu drawing
a revolver began shooting". One bullet
struck Carpenter's arm and a second his
foot. Policeman Green, came to the res
cue of his companion, striking Jackson
on the head and arm. fracturing his skull
and breaking his arm. The blow broke
the heavy oak club the officer carried.
Shooting by the deputies became gen
eral, while the special police, who were
armed only with clubs, were at a disad
vantage. At this moment City Detective
Ed Qarbery ran up and opened fire wun
his revolver. killing Deputy SheriiT
Charles Allen, colored. ' with the first
shot. A score of shots were fired by th«
deputies and Detective Carbery, and
Deputies Stewart Harvey (whlte> and
Richard Hardman (.colored) were shot,
the former in the right shoulder and tho
latter In the left arm. Harrey died thla
afternoon in the hospital.
The feeling created by the affair of thla
morning is intense. Yesterday Judge Hal
lett of the United States District Court
issued an order forbidding the United
States Marshal to appoint any Deputy
Marshals to serve at the polls, but the
charge is made by the Police Department
that a large number of Deputy Shentfa
were sworn in and armed at his office.
Said Police Commissioner Robert W.
Speer to-day: •
"Four hundred negroes, many of them
with long records for desperate deeds,
were sworn in as Deputy Sheriffs in the
office of United States Marshal Bailey in
the Federal building and given badges
and pistols. The special officers appointed
by our board were unarmed, except with
clubs, and ordered not to use violence ex
cept in extreme cases."
The trouble is the outgrowth of the btt
ter campaign ln> Denver and the Stat»»
which involves not only the national and
State tickets but the election of a United
States Senator to succeed Senator Wal
cott.
The Police Department, which is con
trolled by the Democrats and Sheriff Rob
ert Jones, who was elected as a Democrat
but who is said now to favor the Repub
licans, at the request of the Honest Elec
tion League (composed, it is charged, ex
clusively of Republicans) issued a very
large number of Deputy Sheriff commis
sions to men named by the league.
Yesterday the Board of County Commis
sioners, in disregard of an order of Judgo
Butler of the District Court, revoked the
commissions given by Sheriff Jones, and
though the court promptly took action
against the Commissioners for contempt,
the Fire and Police Board, acting on the
advice of leading attorneys, decided to
disregard the authority of the deputies.
Although Troop C. Colorado National
Guard, assembled early at the armor)' and
remained under arms throughout the day.
and It -was understood to nave been by
order of Governor Thomas. The Governor
this afternoon positively denied having is
sued such orders, and the officers of the
trcop refused to say by whose orders they
were assembled.
Ex-Mayor T. S. McMurray. chairman of
the Honest Election League, tnls evening
offered a reward of $5000 ' lor the, arrest
and conviction of the men who ku*ed
Charles Allen."
Riot in Delaware.
Shot Twenty Times.
"WILMINGTON. Del.. Nov. 6.— A riot oc
curred in the third election district o£
Wilmington thi3 morning. TMa district
has a large negro vote. The officers were
nearly half an hour late in opening the
polls and they found about a hundred
negroes assembled in line waiting to vote.
As the doors opened they 3aw a white
man. James McHugh, who had gotten in
ahead of them, attempting to vote. Tills
infuriated them and rushing in they as
saulted McHugh and the inspector. James
Dugan, cutting both seriously. Policeman
Sheery was also cut in attempting to re
store order. The negroes aestroyed the
booth and the registration books disap
peared- in the melee. Elsewhere the elec
tion was quiet in the city.
Died at the Polls.
BRAZIL. Ind.. Nov. 6.— A riot was pre
cipitated in a saloon at Caseyvllle early
this morning over politics. About fifty
men were engaged and over two hundreu
shots were fired. "Wallace Graves wai
instantly killed. Over twenty bullet hol«
were found in his body. William Hustla
and seven others. Austrians and Italians,
were more or leas seriously injured.
The buildings near which the riot oc
curred were riddled with bullets. It 13
said a party of Republicans and Demo
crats gathered In the saloon and began
discussing politics. Afterward the parties
met in the street and a fight began, one
of them aring at Graves with a shotgun.
Instantly killing him. This was tne sig
nal for a general firing.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— Mendel Jachlm.
an aged merchant of Irvlngton street,
dropped dead outside a voting booth to
day just after having deposited hla ballot.
He suffered from dropsy. "I don't know
whether I shall live to vote again." ha
said Just as he left the place. A moment
later he fell to the side/walk, prostrated.
RED WING. Minn.. Nov. 6.— John J.
Nyqutst dropped dead to-day while In the
voting booth. His ballot was partly
marked. ' » «...
Trouble at Philadelphia.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 6.— In a ro-cr
early this morning "William Martin, a
McAleer man, was stabbed In the breast
by one of a gang of men who took excep
tion to Martin's activity for the Demo-,
cratlc nominee. His condition Is serious.
This is "Squire" Bill McMullln's strong
hold, the bloody Fourth Ward.
Negroes Hake an Attack on an Election
Booth In Delaware, Destroying It
. and Carrying Away Books.
TROUBLE AT H1HY OTHER PLACES
Serious Rioting Begins Before
a Single Vote Is
Cast.
Republican Majority Is
Assured in Both
Houses.
CONGRESS
IN RIGHT
COLUMN
Encouraging Returns From
East, West and Even
the South.
REPRESENTATION OF ALL PARTIES
— •
Estimated That Republicans Will Contr o
the Senate by Twelve and House
by Forty-Seven.
Special r>i»ra.tch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— At
3:45 a. m. the Herald's esti
mate of Congress stands as
follows:
Senate — Republicans 51,
Democrats 29. Silver 1, inde
pendent 2. Populists 1, doubt
ful 6. Republican majority 12.
House — Republicans 202,
Democrats 148. fusionists 5,
Populists 2. Total, 357. Re
publican majority, 47.
Bee and Missouri.
One of the striking features of tl<e I
NE"W YORK. Nov. 6— President
McKinley will begin his second
terra with both houses of Con
gress strongly Republican. Re
turns from the States which
legislatures which elect United
States Senators indicate that the Repub
lican majority in the Senate will be at
least as large as It is now.
The House cf Representatives has been
carried by a veritable Republican land
slide. Republican gains have not been
confined to any one section of country.
East. West and even South have contrib
uted to an Increased Republican major
ity. Districts have been carried that even
the Republican managers were disposed
to concede to the Democrats. Returns
frcm the legislative tickets In several of
the States are delayed, making it impossi
ble to give exact Sgures as to the strength
cf the parties in the new Senate. One of j
the most interesting Senatorial situations i
is in Nebraska. Senator Allen, Populist, \
ails one of the seats by appointment of j
the Governor, which holds g-oud only until !
the meeting of the Legislature. The term !
of Senator Thurstcn (R.) will expire in |
March. Thus the Nebraska Legislature j
veVi have to elect two Senators.
A fusion legislature would return Sena- I
tor Allen and would elect Mr. Bryan to ]
succeed Senator Thurston. If later re- j
turns bear out the indications of earlier I
dispatches frcm Nebraska Mr. Bryan has
Dot only been defeated for the Presidency j
but will be kept out of the Senate a_« well j
The Pennsylvania Legislature will be j
strongrly Republican. The supporter? of
former Senator Quay claim that hi? fac
tion will be in the majority and that he
will be leturned to the Senate. The ar>ti-
Cjuay men will not concede this, and
there is every prospect of a bitter fac
tional tight when the Legislature meets |
in Harrisburg. There will also be a con- j
test in the Illinois Legislature between i
Governor Tanner and Senator Cullom for
the seat which the latter now fills. The
probability is that some compromise can
didate trill be elected.
In the House the most important gains
have oeen in the Cast, New York,
Pennsylvania and Maryland being- the j
ehi«-f contributors. The West is so strong
ly Republican in the present House that
no material gains could be expected i:i
that direction. From the South little was
expected, but the return? indicate that :
the Democratic majorities have been
greatly reduced in Virginian districts, I
and probably one or more Republicans
have been elected from that State. Ken- |
tucky, which has two Republicans in the i
present House, will show a substantial :
Iner^ftpe, and the Republicans have at I
least hold their own in Virginia, Tenner- i
tm-mberrtilp of the n«rw Congress i.« i
the Fir.uli number of Populists, Sil
ver Republicans and Fus'onlsts who i
will bold seats in the Senate and i
Houfc Th«» election of to-day letni to
indicate t^at the Popollst party has ceased
to be an important factor in the politics
of the country. The tier of States west of
the Mississippi in which Populism had its
greatest development have returned tem- [
porarlly at least to the Republican co!- !
umn.
The Republican vlctc.ry In the Corigres- I
p!onal elections will have a most import- j
er.t bearing up ri n the policy of the ad- \
ministration, with an opposition IIouso :
the hands of the President would have :
keen tied, but with strong administration
majorities in both houses, he will be able j
to carry out his policies at home and
Ebrrad. The country ha? pi von the Re
publicans plenary power. The following
table shows how the House <« likely to
E'.and:
Clash Between Police
and Deputies at
Polls.
TWO MEN
LOSE LIVES
AT DENVER
ADMINISTRATION WILL BE BACKED NATIONAL LEGISLATURE
THE SAN FRANCISCO " CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1900.
THE NEW ELAINE.
"And the dead steered by the dumb went upward with the flood.''
POPE. LEO ISSUES
v } . ;.£¦ AN ENCYCLICAL
Urges "World to Accept Teachings of
Christ for Improvement of
Society.
3
i 3 I O 1 *5 i *a
i £ i = ?- ! 7.
£
: cig i =¦ , c
; £ : o i s =
I 2. '. 13 —
STATES. 5 I 3 U • I 5
. S ! — i f* I »
A ¦«li?irn!t
ArKaneaa
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
• I « »":;::::
: —:!-•! » i
;t
t .::::::::::::::::::::::\ J:::::::::;:-
:;:::::;::::::::::::::;::.... -2!:::: ::::
-- "! :::
EEr:::,::::::::-i -,::¦;;:
¦¦ » «......::
:::::::::::: ».. ..::::::::
7 1 1....
3 &
• «!
«i 21
Ht. 11 2|
12... ..I.. ......
:::: A"-A i~"
::::::::::::::::::::::. ..... 7...:::::
..:::::;:::::::::::::::::• s «.:: ::::
:::::::::::::::: -.,..- 1.:;:
::::::::::::::::::::::.. 6 ........ 1
::::::::::::::::::::::.:...,........ i
fifhlro 2. — ........
r « 2 ........
.::::::::::::::: aj n.. ..!....
.lina".:: .... *!....-...
; r .::;:;.:.:.::::: 1 ...........:
?-.::::::::::::::::::: 1 -e::::::::
: !!...
llR »
nd 2
.Una':: 7.... 1..,.
?!*.£::::::::::::::: WmM
1 13:
rt*h ....
Vrrzarr.t
Virginia
t\>.rt Vlrj
Wisconsin
VVjimlr.g
a
I::::::::::::::::::::::: fj'io ::::::::
1 ' - 2i
inia 3 1 :.
10
«F"-r-
Tcuili
j us] i5i| sj 2
[ New
| Preeei
| House.
j Houbi
tepi
ndtrats ..
I 193
•1 n \
W4
160
ionistE ...
'UlirtK
•uiiFin ....
: ! 5
ancles ...
! «
Totals . . .
.! 3o7
~\~£i
i 3 I O 1 *5 i *a
i £ i = ?- ! 7.
£
: cig i =¦ , c
; £ : o i s =
I 2. '. 13 —
STATES. 5 I 3 U • I 5
. S ! — i f* I »
A ¦«li?irn!t
ArKaneaa
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
• I « »":;::::
: —:!-•! » i
;t
t .::::::::::::::::::::::\ J:::::::::;:-
:;:::::;::::::::::::::;::.... -2!:::: ::::
-- "! :::
EEr:::,::::::::-i -,::¦;;:
¦¦ » «......::
:::::::::::: ».. ..::::::::
7 1 1....
3 &
• «!
«i 21
Ht. 11 2|
12... ..I.. ......
:::: A"-A i~"
::::::::::::::::::::::. ..... 7...:::::
..:::::;:::::::::::::::::• s «.:: ::::
:::::::::::::::: -.,..- 1.:;:
::::::::::::::::::::::.. 6 ........ 1
::::::::::::::::::::::.:...,........ i
fifhlro 2. — ........
r « 2 ........
.::::::::::::::: aj n.. ..!....
.lina".:: .... *!....-...
; r .::;:;.:.:.::::: 1 ...........:
?-.::::::::::::::::::: 1 -e::::::::
: !!...
llR »
nd 2
.Una':: 7.... 1..,.
?!*.£::::::::::::::: WmM
1 13:
rt*h ....
Vrrzarr.t
Virginia
t\>.rt Vlrj
Wisconsin
VVjimlr.g
a
I::::::::::::::::::::::: fj'io ::::::::
1 ' - 2i
inia 3 1 :.
10
«F"-r-
Tcuili
j us] i5i| sj 2
[ New
| Preeei
| House.
j Houbi
tepi
ndtrats ..
I 193
•1 n \
W4
160
ionistE ...
'UlirtK
•uiiFin ....
: ! 5
ancles ...
! «
Totals . . .
.! 3o7
~\~£iVote in 1898.
Vote in 1900.
FIFTH DISTRICT.
1S98— Barham's plurality 1.J54
Scattering 13
M4 D0NT.KN0W1; I'M NOT' SD SLOW!
Vote In 1898.
SECOND DISTRICT.
Vote in 1900.
SIXTH DISTRICT.
Vote In 10OO.
Vote in 1898.
throughout the State. MeKinley has car
ried the State. The Republican State
chairman claims 10,000 plurality. The
Democratic managers do not yet give up
hope. Frirfk, Republican candidate for
Governor, Is running behind his ticket and
may be defeated by John R. Rogers, fu
sionlst. The balance of the Republican
State ticket will be elected, although their
vote will fall short of Mr. McKInley's.
Four years ago Bryan carried the State
by over 12,000, but two years ago the Re
publicans elected the two Congressmen by
more than 3000. They are again candi
dates this year and will be elected by in
creased majorities, with McKinley lead
ing them by several thousand.
At midnight Chairman Shiveley claims
the State for McKinley by from 5000 to
6000 and says he believes that While
Frink, candidate for Governor, will run
behind he will be elected. Chairman
Drum of the Democratic committee has
privately conceded Washington to Mc-
Kinley, but says Rogers and the other
State officers will be elected. i .-.' : -
SEATTLE, Nov. 6.— Very few complete
returns have as yet been received from
WASHINGTON.
CARSON, Nev., Nov. 6.— The Republi
cans gave up hope of carrying Nevada for
McKinley early in the day. Chairman
Mills of the Republican State Central
Committee concedes that the State has
gone for Bryan by 800. The Democrats
claim the State by 2000. The fight for
Congressman is close, with F. G. New
lands, the Sliver Democratic nominee, in
the lead by a small majority in the pre
cincts heard from. The Legislature is
claimed by both parties, but- the indica-
NEVADA.
ARIZONA.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
tions point to a Democratic majority. The
returns are coming in very slowly, as tel
egraphic communications are limited.
OREGON/
CARSON, Nev., Nov. 6.— Bryan carries
Ormsby County by 100 majority. New
lands (Dem.) for Congress carries th«
county by the 6ame majority.
PORTLAND, Nov. 6.— Oregon to-day
gave McKinley. the largest plurality ever
given a candidate for office in this State.
With more than half of the total vote of
the, State counted the results is as fol
lows: McKinley, 27.126; Bryan, 17,073;
McKInley's plurality, 10,053. Multnomah
County, which includes the city of Port
land, gave McKinley 5600 plurality, and it
is estimated that the State outside of this
city will return a plurality of 9000, making
the Republican plurality in the State
close to 15,000.
The city of Portland complete gives
McKinley 8674; Bryan 5835;' McKInley's
plurality, 4839.
Republican National Ticket Makes Great Gains in the
States to the North.
WASHINGTON AND OREGON
IN LINE FOR PROSPERITY
THIRD DISTRICT.
Vote in 10OO.
SEVENTH DISTRICT.
Vote In 190O.
Vote in 1898/
SAN .. RAFAEL, Nov. 6.— The election
here was very quiet. Tho county broke
all former records and gave McKinley 781
majority. The principal fight here was
made between Wilkins and Belshaw for
MAEIN.
MADERA, Nov. 6.— The returns are
coming in . slowly. The plains precincts
show that McKinley Is running strong.
The town went for McKinley, Congress
man Needham,. Chandler for the Assem
bly from the Sixty-second District and
Simpson (Dem.) for the Sixty-third. It is
predicted that Bryan will carry the county
by a small majority, as most of the moun
tain precincts are Democratic. Child
(Rep.) carried the town for Superlbr Judge
by 39 majority over Conley (Dem.) al
though it Is believed Conley will carry the
county by a small majority. *
MADERA.
It was practically a clean sweep for the
Republican ticket, and Los Angeles Coun
ty expects to recapture the banner from
Alameda.
County officers elected: Waldo M. Tork
(R.), Superior Judge. .The contest-be
tween Judge Trask (D.) and J. M. Valen
tine (R.) for Superior Judge Is in doubt
George Alexander (R) elected Supervisor
P. J. Wilson (R.) elected Supervisor. Tho
contest between Charles E. Patterson (R.)
and J. Hanley (D.) for Supervisor Is In
doubt.
well <T>.) by 4000 majority in the county
and 2000 majcrity In the city. For Con
gress McLachlan (R.) leads Graves (D.)
by 3500 majority.
For State Senator Thirty-seventh Dis
trict P. M. Smith (R.) is elected over W.
W. Stevens (D.).
For Assemblyman Seventieth District
W. S. Melick (R.) is elected over. Wilson
(D.); Seventy-first District, Howard A.
Broughton (R.) over Wellington (D ) •
Seventy-second District, W. H. Savage
(R.) over Fortuno (D.). The Seventy
third District is still in doubt. Frank
James (D.) may beat Albert Sittel (R;).
Seventy-fourth . District, Cornelius , W
Pendleton (R.) unopposed; Seventy-fifth
District, Henry E. Carter (R.) elected over
Frank W. Allender. . . ¦ ; .
ATTEMPTS MUBDER AND
THEN SHOOTS HIMSELF
R. Tafter of San Diego Shoots Tom
Johnson, No Reason for the
Deed Being Given.
SAX DIKGO. Npv. 6— R Tavlor » «.„
f««ter shot TomJohnson to-night twTS
momh. he f d and then 8 ? ot himsflf in W th8
no^fef Can tal * «* were
Both are likely to die.
not bitterly opposed.
. v ._ .
coxae in the minds of the people the splen
did services of Mr. Loud or blind the vot
ers to the fact that he was not only a
Republican, but a recognized leader In
Congress. Democrats " wer^ ' hopeful that
J. H. Henry, their nominee, would re
ceive a majority of the votes In Santa
Clara County, but returns *how that Mr.
Loud carries the county by 1000.
In the Sixth District James McLachlan,
Republican, wins. He was vigorously if
carried It by a, majority 61 4D00.
Eugene F. Loud, Republican, is re-elect
ed in the Fifth District after another gal
lant and successful battle. His term of
Fervjce in the House of Representatives
already exceeds that of any other Con
gressman ever chosen in this State. The
lonjr recora made by Mr. Page, formerly
f)t the old Second District, is surpassed.
The Democrats made strenuous efforts to
turn the scale against Mr. Loud. They
displayed political sagacity In nomin
ating a popular and clean resident of a
Ftrong Republican county, but sectional
pride and good fellowship could not over-
THE magnitude of the Republican
triumph in California surprises
the politicians. The majority
for McKinley exceeds the high
€ft advance estimate of tha
Ftate Central Committee. Official figures
rannoi be ax^curalely given at this hour,
but returns from very many precincts
widely prparatcd Jpdicate uniform gains
throughout the State and lead to the con
clusion that McKInley's plurality in Cali
fornia will exceed :3.0f>0.
The result in San Francisco Is alike
gratifying and unexpected. The famous
banner, which has been passing from
Oakland to Los Angeles and back again
froro the south to Alameda County, will
probably be givrn to San Francisco as the
banner Republican county of California.
The votes already counted show that Me-
Kinlpy's plurality in this city will exceed
7000.
When J. C. SIm.«. chairman of the Dem
ocratic State Committee, predicted that
Bryan would " carry. California by 15,000
plurality The Call conceded that Mr. Sims
¦was all right as a Democratic statesman,
but ventured the suggestion that he
would never win renown as a political
prophet. Mr. Sirrt5, however, came with
in 40.OQ0 votes of a true prophecy. It must
r.ow be recorded that he is a failure as
a. forecaster.
Colonel George Stone, chairman of the
Republican Staie Committee, made a fore
cast of at least I2,ooo plurality for McKin
ley.
Senator W. M. Cutter, secretary of the
committee, forecasted a.t least 20.000 Re
publican plurality. The Senator is there
fore entitled to a mantle for prophecy.-
The Republicans have elected a 60lld
delegation of seven Congressmen. The
contest In the Second District Is close be
tween S. D. Woods (R.) and J. D.' Sproul.
Ban Joaquin County did not give as large
a majority for Mr. Woods as his friends
?•xperted. Early last evening there -were
apprehensions at headquarters of the Re
publican State Committee ' that Woods
might not come out a winner, but the
lattr returjjs removed the doubt. His
election Is now claimed by a majority of
five hundred.
Frank L. Coombs is elected In the First
Congressional District by a majority much
larger than that given to John A. Barham
In IK'S.
Victor D. Metcalf Is re-elected to repre
sent the Third Congressional District.
There never was the slightest doubt In
the Republican mind of his success, al
though his opponent, Frank Freeman, is
a worthy man.
In the Fouith Congressional District
Julius Kahn Is returned to Congress by
an increased majority. The Democrats
put forward a popular and able man—Sen
ator R. Porter Ashe— with the hope of
wrertlnj? the district from the Republi
cans. The Brynnites figured on carrying
the district for Bryan by 23O0 majority,
but the surprise of surprises- is the fact
that MrKinlcy wins in the Bryan strong
hold. Th«i Fourth Congressional District
1* not what it used to be before the dawn
of Bryanipm. In one election Cleveland
WILLOWS. Nov. 6.— Full returns have
been received from all but three precincts
In Glenn County, with the following re
sults: For Elector, Shortridge CRep.) re
ceived 473 votes; and Seawell (Dem.) 708
For Congress, Freeman (Dem.) received
315 more votes than Metcalf (Rep.). For
Assemblyman, Sheridan (Dem.) received
GLENN.
FRESNO. Nov. 6.— Incomplete returns
indicate the following results; in Fresno
County: For Elector, Brown (Dem.) 300
plurality for Shortridge. For Congress,
Crlchton (Dem.) 100 majority over Need
ham (Rep.). For Assemblyman a clo«;«
fight is indicated In both districts with
the chances Jn favor of GoVer and 'Simn
eon (Dems.). For Superior Judge, Austin
(Rep.) Is running ahead of his ticket and
probably will be elected by 200 majority
Church (Don.) and Snow (Rep.) are run
ning a neck-and-neck race, and the result
will be In question for several days.
FRESNO.
PLACERVILLE, Nov. 7.— Twenty-two
precincts out of thirty-six In this county
give Bry&n 149 plurality. For Congress
Sproul has 240 plurality. Tabor (D )
for the Senate, has 141 majority. Irving
f D.), for the Assembly, leads by 20 votes
The fourteen precincts yet to be heard
from will not materially alter the re
turns received.
EL DORADO.
CRESCENT CITY, Nov. 6.— With only
one Email district to hear from, Del Norte
County gives McKinley 55 plurality; Far-
T^^rSPy^^SPF Cpng-ress, 4 QVer Coombs
m.); Taft (D.), Tor State Senator, 52 over
Selvage (R.); Berry (D.). for Assembly
man, 118 over Duffy (R.) *
DEL NOETE.
MARTINEZ. Nov. 6.— Twenty-six out of
thirty-three precincts in -Contra Costa
County give McKinley a lead of 630 over
Bryan. For Congress, Metcalf 1824, Free
man 10G5; for State Senator, Belshaw 1456
Wilkins 1100. . > '
CONTRA COSTA.
COLUSA, Nov. 6.— Seawell ' (D.) for
Elector leads Shortridge (R.) by 25 in Co
lusa County. For Congressman, Freeman
(D.) leads Metcalf (R.) by 300. For Assem
blyman, Weyand (R.) has 75 majority over
Sheridan (D.) For Supervisor, Wilson (R )
Is elected over Coughlan in the Second
District by 125. W. T. KIdd <D.) is elected
over Rathbun in the Third District by 50,
and C. C. Felts (D.) Is elected over J. F.
Campbell (R.) in the Fourth District by 23
COLITSA.
SAN* ANDREAS, Nov. 6. — McKinley
carries Calaveras County by 250, Woods
by over 300, Ralston (R.) for Assembly
man by TOO. One Republican Supervisor,
Roberts In San Andreas, and two Demo
cratic Supervisors— Hemlnghof en of Mo
kelumne. Hill and Walsh of Angels— are
elected. . .
CALAVERAS.
, OROVILLE. Nov. 6.— Butte County, 28
precincts counted, gives a Democratic; ma
jority of 169. Sproul (D.), for. Congress
man, has 195 over Woods. Roper (D.), for
AFPemblyman,,ha8 54 majority. Three Su
pervisorial districts elect Democrats.
BUTTE.
The Republicans have. elected a major
ity of the twenty new State Senators and
also a majority of the eighty Assembly
men. The Republicans wili elect the
Speaker of the Assembly. As there are
fifteen hold-over Republican Senators the
party will be responsible for the legisla
tion of the session.
The Seventh Congressional District was
the storm renter of the contest In Califor
nia. J. O. Needham made«vne of the most
gallant political fights on record. He was
ably assisted by the Republican news
papers and leading orators of the party.
Victor D. Metcalf . went... over from the
Third to the Seventh District to make
speeches for his colleague. Senators Per
kins and Bard headed a procession and
marched through Orange County. It was
mentioned with especial satisfaction at
Republican headquarters last night that
Mr. Needham had carried Fresno, the
town in which W. D. Crichton, who ran
against him, resides. Mr. Needham talked
protection and sound money" to the indus
trious voters in the San Joaquin Valley,
and hip sentiments were_ the sentiments of
the people.
*Th«>*e are the returns fo far as heard from
tip to tni<inSK"t.
The ratne precincts In 1*JS rave McKlnle>
42.17%, Bryan 43.375.
Republican Electors Victorious
by Probably Twe'nty-Five
Thousand Votes.
> -
THE VOTE AS COUNTED UP TO MIDNIGHT.
BIG MAJORITY
IN CALIFORNIA
McKINLE Y LANDSLIDE IN THE PACIFIC COAST STATES
FOURTH DISTRICT.
CLEAN SWEEP
ON CONGRESSMEN
California Sends a Solid Dele
gation of Seven Republi
cans to. the House.
CALIFORNIA returns a solid
delegation of seven Republi
cans to Congress. Coombs in
the First District. Metcalf in
the Third, Kahn In the Fourth,
Loud in the Fifth, McLachlan
In the Sixth and Needham In the Seventh,
have been elected by handsome majort
tles. In the Second District the vote la
C / 0Se> f b K«i a n w tUr -f 9 lnd 'cate the elec
tion of Sam D. Woods over Jo D. Sproul.
The subjoined tables give the returns- as
compiled up to an early hour this morn-
Ing:
FIBST DISTRICT.
Continued on Page Eight
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 6.-0wing to the
heavy vote returns are slow In coming In.
For Elector Shortridgjj (R.) wins over Sea-
" : " ¦ r.-~ -
IOS ANGELES.
SUSANVILLE, Nov. 6.— The. Republican
County Committee claims a majority of
over 100 for McKinley. -No representative
of the Democratic Committee was on duty
to-night. Eight precincts In the county
have been heard from, which give 242 for
McKinley and 169 for Bryan. The thir
teen precincts to hear from probably will
Increase the Republican majority. The
vote for Congressman stands • about the
same as for President. Fritter (D.) for
the Assembly will have a majority In the
county.
I/ASSEN.
KINGS.
HANFORD, • Nov. 6.— McKinley' 8 plural -
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 6.— Up to 11
o'clock partial returns show the . follow
ing: Bryan 1152, McKinley 1077, Needham
983, Crlchtcn 1017. Dale (R.) for Assembly
man 890, Laird (D.) 1155. The. Democrats
elect all three of the Supervisors, Jastro
defeating Maude in Bakerefleld by 500 ma
jority. The Republicans claim the county
for McKinley and Needham. Dale's de
feat Is conceded. The Democrats say the
county will show the usual majority for
the ticket— about 300. ;
KEEN.
INDEPENDENCE, Nov. 6.-The Repub
lican Committee concedes the county to
Bryan by 100 and to Sproul by 150. Miller,
foi Assemblyman, carries the county.
nrsro.
LAKE.
LAKEPORT, Nov. 6.-For Electors Sea
well (Dem.) leads Shortridge'(Rep.) by 101
in Lake County. For Congressman Free
man (Dem.) leads Metcalf (Rep.) by 83.
For State Senator Klnyon (Dem.) has 98
majority over Corlett. For Assemblyman
Sheridan (Dem.) is elected over Weyand
(Rep.) by 145 majority. Supervisor, Dis
trict No. 4, George A. Lyons (Rep.) is
.'elected over L. Hendricks (Dem.) by a
'majority of 52.
The fight made by Cospef was a despic
able one from the start, as nothing was
left undone that would help to place him
In power. Thousands of dollars wer9
used to further Cosper' s Interests. Every
cent of money that came into this county
for other Republican candidates - was
used for Coaper and Cosper a-lone. ¦ In
spite of all this, Slippery Cosper was de
feated and there Is great rejoicing In
Hanfprd _to-night, the streets being
crowded with citizens, , who are thankful
that they are not to have a Cosper on the
Pu. nch n # \.7 he CaJ1 lias d °ne noble work in
this fight and Its efforts are appreciated
by the people of Kings County.
ity in Kings County will reach nearly 200.
Needham (Rep.) for Congress ran ahead
of his ticket. Myers (Rep.) for Assembly
man will carry the county by 150. E. T.
Cosper (Rep.), candidate for Superior
Judge, was aef »ated by about 100 by Short
(Dem.).
• EUREKA, Nov. 6. — ReturnB , f rom tho
principal precincts Bhow that Humboldt
County has gone overwhelmingly Repub
lican. The vote is estimated as follows:
For ' Elector, Shortridge (R.) leads Sea
wall (D.) by 2000; for Congress, Frank If.
Coombs (R.) leads Farraher (D.) by 2000;
for State Senator, Selvage (R.) wins over
Taft (D.) by 2250; for Assemblyman, Sec
ond District, Roberts (R.) is elected over
McConaghy by 200; for Assemblyman.
¦Third District, McNcill (R.) is elected
over Neibur (D.) v by 700; for Supervisor,
First District, the contest is extremely
close between Scott (R.) { and Hindley
(D.). 'Swortzel (D.) ha3 been elected over
Hansen (R.) in the Second District In
the Third District, Pine (R.) •«' has been
elected over Power (D.). All amendments
except the Stanford amendment have
been badly beaten. The latter may car
ry by a small majority.
HUMBOLDT.
428 votes.- against 476 for Weyand (Rep.).
In the Third Supervisorial District A. M.
Jackson (Dem.) will be re-elected. George
C Prentice- (Dem.) defeated Devenprek
(Rep.) for Supervisor in the First District
by ,37 votes. W. H. Hodgson (Rep.) was
elected Supervisor in the Fifth District
over Berry (Dem.) by 18 votes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1900.
Vote In 1900.
Vote in 1900.
Vote in 1898.
Vote in 1808.
4
PHOENIX, Ariz., Nov. 6.-Early reports
Indicate that the Territory has gone Re
publican by a very small majority. Gov
ernor Murphy Is developing unexpected
strength in the south, the Democratic
stronghold.
PRESIDENTIAL
VOTE
1900.
3
I
S I =
S i
< I
5 I E
I
x t:
¦
S 2
—
: *
5 :
T
l
sj HJDC
'"64; 26
8i6 G3(
i-j in
I^4| 14!
I.ES1 1.W3
121 22."
1.2311 CIO
M • Sfil
k
!
S j.oi:;
:i id.
Mono ,....«...
\I<m'*rey J
Smtm. .._ j
(Cerate ...t
T.i i B5
5»i 179
1.3*if S73
1.277! LOTS
404! 470
;.n34t 1.251
1.85*1 i,;sr.
i.'«72l"*j."i»
: airta Rarhara ..._
<snta Clara. :
-am* Cruz
-1-hMB
-i^rra
irta n
nta f
1.M6' 1.019
S.TOfii 1.KC7
P»SI 676
i
rrra .
-Viyrt
lanft
-i.-Ki.vru j...
: 'noni« t :
-tani^lau* ,
-u«#r j
:;«
tter .
hamt
6* 70
I
[rinitj- J...
ru'.ar* !
Initr
i'.ar*
LsnhiTeo
El «ti
i iiOiunine I
>ntura. j :
lOiuTni
9M| . 734
..rU. s l s
1 —
Total* It.tl
.! .
46
LISSJ 24.463
vote in .1896.
1 1900. | hi President.
<; 2. 3
=> c 2_ g
e =
COUNTIES. 5 o 3 ' a
! f 3 T :
* • • :
; : . : •
Alamcla. 141 22.1441 13,429 8.391
•Alrino 5 7<» 40 yj
Arnador 231 2.7D2| J 1.144 1.39S
Ijtitt/ 37J 4.2.-.9S 2.075 2.121
Calavcras S4J 3.W.! 3.541 1.51R
cVilusa 21 1.990 5*1 1.250
Contra Costa 33! 3.440J 1.834 1,;81
Del None gi 6701 S45 334
EJ IViraJo SCj 2,867! 1.130 1.6T4
FnetM 74 «.€4SJ 2.6S«i 3,790
S 1 *"" 15 1.S"5| 479 R25
HumhoMt ; 6t)| 5.61 1 1 3.14? 2,465
Invo 1«| S341 2SSI 532
K< ™ W - 3.23-, 1.4W! 1.784
KIns«J IS! 1.535 673 8")!
I-»l<o ]7j 1.453J 545 g54
'-a-^n 22 974| ' 42fl 52S
hos Anrelt* 174! S3.r»s: i«i,R9i 1SJ14S
Mn-lTH 55 j i,2O6| 4T.J 7?9
Marin 22) 2.3C0 1.44s 874
Marlro?a ., JO 1.485 563 829
MrndfH^no .' 53 4.Zln! 2,0?3 2.120
H^* 4 23 1.™ • 653 1.U7
updoo 15| 915 3M -5S3
Mrno 7j . 61l| 259 315
AlnntToy :. 4«l 4.0321 1.S7? 2.149
£*P* 26! 3.S73I tOS? 1.472
Nevada 4fi! 4,3731 l.flgi 2.8M
"ranee to 3.79S| 1^32 1712
Dr,,-er | 4«! 3.«T.n| 1.S90 1.721
Plumae ]K| l.24fi| j;7X . 575
UlvrrpM* :....... 47 J.91S 2.0S3 1.6SI
• t; a<-ramfnto 71 p.sn 4,«oo 4,831
San B*>nitr> .- 1? J.72D 729 9.V5
San Bernardino ".. 64] 5.9S>!>! 2.S1S 2 740
San IMffro 90: 7.99* jmi 3,50s
Sr.n Francisco ..'. 308; 63.057 3l.K'« 30.fi!''
San .Toa<juln', 52} 7.0761 3.500 3.5H
S«n I.'jis Oblfpo 8«j .3.9.%4| 1,«71 2.05S
San Mateo ....:.- J9| 2,76H| l.KO* 9*7
Santa. Barbara ........ S2 3.9C.5J 2.004 1.916
S.-.nta Clara 72! 12.2701 8,315 5.1S1
Santa Cruz 43) 4.224 1.S69 .1,S<W
Shasta 4t] 3.37S 1.210 1.9S«
Sierra 22] 1.245 707 527
Hffkiyou «] 3.2S4 1.473 1.724
Solano 36i 5.OK5I 2.7021-2 254
Sonoma S8l v 8.075| ,4.053 3.59S
Stanislaus 22) 2.4«2 1.0fl7 1.398
Sutter ; 17! 1.3«2| 79« , 713
Tehama 321 2.1*>6| P691 1 135
Trinity 24 1 l.OW.j S02| 645
Twlurp 4* 4.159! ' 1,410 . 2.673
Tonlumn* 30 2.3331 R34! 1.30S
Ventura 29.3.175 1.5531' 1,445
T&lo 251; 3.29SJ 1,455 1,753
Yuba 21! 2,241] 1,204 j 991
, 1 Totals *..!2. 493 300,0191146.753 144,766
I
. • I
6
COUNTIES. g"
C.
i
f I
i — i
Del Norte I'
Humholdt :. 18
Lessen .« 9
Marln - "
Mendoclno 8
Modoc 2
Xapa 13
Plumas 6
Pl^asta 2
Slerca
Siskijou
Scnoma 2S
Tfhama • 1
Trinity
7 -Totals 106
¦ !«oJ 25<>
1,187 5T5
S«! VA
551 ' 343
4) SO
1.075 537
222 179
29 19
"2*132 "i.'f63
68 69
S.649 4,417
f I I
m = r-
3 - M
2. S *
counties. = ? 3
- ¦ a ; I
D<?1 Xorte 8 334 234
Humboldt 60 S.016 2.347
Lassen 22 643 *4M
Marin 22 1.225 965
Mendodno 53 1,947 2,1«.1
Modoo 1J 393 507
Kapa 28 1.870 1.S33
Plumas ~ IS «59| 4S4
Shasta : 4« l.«S7 1.840
Sierra 22 "00 450
Slsklyou 4? 1.6S2 l.M?
Sonoma 5S 3.725 4.098
Tehama 32 1.115 1.045
Trinity 24 «S2 519
Totals I 4341 19.59?' 18.241
. ¦:¦¦."' .-,* 3 o S'l Term.
o . o o . i
- ?¦ g i I
COUNTIES. ¦ s . v
• a : ! -I §
MM!
Alpine
Amador 1 57 SO 17 43
Butte % IT 674 810 661 770
Celaveras 6 143 143 142 143
El Dorado 3 58 10« 70 84
Inyo 5 159 157 121 -~M5S
Marlpoea 2 18 SI 23 21
Mono
Nevada 1 8 11 11 10
Placer 4 73 62 71 65
Sacramento 28 1.162 1.113 1,1*5 1.130
San Joaquln .... SI 3,614 3,030 3,555 8,020
Sutter ........... 1 9 13
Tuolumne ....... 8 56 S9 56 • 83
Tuba- .".
Totals 121 6,031 5,601 5.932 5,823
9 f •
3 ? I
COUNTIES. 3 1 ?
? : •
I 1 i
Alpine 5 63 25
Amador 23 1.197 1.350
Butte a 57 2.615 2.212
Calaveras 34 1.SJ3 1.W7
El Dorado 36 1,117 1,587
Inyo 18 SS4 578
Marlposa 20 .436 803
Mono 7 278 263
Nevada 46 1.6S5 2.824
Placer ....* 4S 1.896 2.084
Sacramento' 71 4.84S 4.071
San Joaquin 52 2.23S 4.347
Sutter ;... 17 770 S07
Tuolumne 30 1,064 1.649
.Tuba : * 21 998 1,231
Totals I, 485 20,400 25,196
1S98— De Vrlcs* majority jjso
I
3
s.
a
o
C
I
3
COUNTIES.
a
i
w
V
j
|
Alameda 78 7.088 S.«5
Colusa 5 98 243
Contra' CotU 24 1.454 1,971
Glor.n 6 - 91 25*
Lake -
Bolano 2lt l.»43 1.275
Yolo a 1ST J25
Totals I 136| 10.8611 «.59«
a
e
I
a
[B
S
I
¦a
S 1
a
•I
0
<»
3
Alaroeda. m UM7 $ gl3
Colusa n goi iSm
Contra Costa 13 lS ¦ J'sm
Glenn 15 'hs '753
£•**•¦••¦• -• 17 «23 719
Tol ° 25 1,626 1.6U
Totalt 288 20.592 u.OSl
1S9S— Metcalf's plurality « 541
COUXTT.
> ]
|
0
i
3
3
&
P
P
|
I
I
1
A
a
I
I
San Francisco.!
9,725!
S.'^i
g
Totals
9.729
«.T84|
566;
w;
-
COUNTIES.
¦ I
3
n
e
M
I
!
3
5
3
i 3
—
San Francisco— part...
San Mateo
Santa Clara
......i
•r
¦' «S3 '
1.543
""«H
Totals
i »
I
2.230!
M73
2 X = X g
o =» .3 ? =
COUNTY.
5 y ? I, a
%
San Francisco...
1«8 13.CS5 liO84[ B94[ 1.006
Totals I
lSaS-Kahn's plural
16« 13.635! 12.0S4J 694) 1.0W
illty Mil
f f 9 f
7 .? a' I
3 ? 3 ? •
counties. a : ; :
? : i *•
: I • • : .
San Francisco, part.... 135 12.510 11,443 83«
San Mateo 19 1.330 1.211 44
Santa. Clara 7: 8,414 4.«38 V.2
Totals [ 2Mf 20.2S4! I7.332| 1.533
1838— Loud't plurality 2.9^
Loud'a majority .1.370
I * %
% $ §
f» l» O
» 3 ?
COUNTIES. 8 J? $?
I ? ? .
£«*no ~H i,(S« 1,471
Madera s n;» n;
r c<l » 404 547
Orang« 41 » 17 Tj.
Rtversldo 17 j «i "i
San Benito 9 "451 \«,
8an Bernardino ji 2^975 j lw
f f n D»e«o 43 J.953 l'.l«
T 121 *™ Ml 1.261 1.C43
T<>t * la I 2081 11,0461 8.323
COUXTIE3.
25
?
a
a
B
3
9
<•
?
i
I
Ikjs Angeles 174 15il 3 2 H>M5 nT
Ont r re . y «v. 4 * J- 832 1- 9W »>
San Luis Oblspo 38 1.448 2.01$ 31
Santa Barbara j; j.022 l.«T0 125
Santa Crua 43 2.OS5 X.83« 114
Ventura ;.... » i i44<> t s7
Tot«l» 36Q 24.050 ».439{ 1.132
ljfOS — Waters' plurality J.551
Scattering „ u
COUNTIES.
1
at
c
I
t
3
Ix>» An«ele« J5 1.J89 j t0:a
Monterey 23 1 1J7 j'^,.
Ban Luis Oblspo is *"ral lm
|«t* Barbara 19 tl29 | W7
Ventura 15 937 - 13
U!| «,90«! IOI
COUXTT.
> ]
|
0
i
3
3
&
P
P
|
I
I
1
A
a
I
I
San Francisco.!
9,725!
S.'^i
g
Totals
9.729
«.T84|
566;
w;
-
I
. • I
6
COUNTIES. g"
C.
i
f I
i — i
Del Norte I'
Humholdt :. 18
Lessen .« 9
Marln - "
Mendoclno 8
Modoc 2
Xapa 13
Plumas 6
Pl^asta 2
Slerca
Siskijou
Scnoma 2S
Tfhama • 1
Trinity
7 -Totals 106
¦ !«oJ 25<>
1,187 5T5
S«! VA
551 ' 343
4) SO
1.075 537
222 179
29 19
"2*132 "i.'f63
68 69
S.649 4,417
f I I
m = r-
3 - M
2. S *
counties. = ? 3
- ¦ a ; I
D<?1 Xorte 8 334 234
Humboldt 60 S.016 2.347
Lassen 22 643 *4M
Marin 22 1.225 965
Mendodno 53 1,947 2,1«.1
Modoo 1J 393 507
Kapa 28 1.870 1.S33
Plumas ~ IS «59| 4S4
Shasta : 4« l.«S7 1.840
Sierra 22 "00 450
Slsklyou 4? 1.6S2 l.M?
Sonoma 5S 3.725 4.098
Tehama 32 1.115 1.045
Trinity 24 «S2 519
Totals I 4341 19.59?' 18.241
COUNTIES.
¦ I
3
n
e
M
I
!
3
5
3
i 3
—
San Francisco— part...
San Mateo
Santa Clara
......i
•r
¦' «S3 '
1.543
""«H
Totals
i »
I
2.230!
M73
2 X = X g
o =» .3 ? =
COUNTY.
5 y ? I, a
%
San Francisco...
1«8 13.CS5 liO84[ B94[ 1.006
Totals I
lSaS-Kahn's plural
16« 13.635! 12.0S4J 694) 1.0W
illty Mil
f f 9 f
7 .? a' I
3 ? 3 ? •
counties. a : ; :
? : i *•
: I • • : .
San Francisco, part.... 135 12.510 11,443 83«
San Mateo 19 1.330 1.211 44
Santa. Clara 7: 8,414 4.«38 V.2
Totals [ 2Mf 20.2S4! I7.332| 1.533
1838— Loud't plurality 2.9^
Loud'a majority .1.370
. ¦:¦¦."' .-,* 3 o S'l Term.
o . o o . i
- ?¦ g i I
COUNTIES. ¦ s . v
• a : ! -I §
MM!
Alpine
Amador 1 57 SO 17 43
Butte % IT 674 810 661 770
Celaveras 6 143 143 142 143
El Dorado 3 58 10« 70 84
Inyo 5 159 157 121 -~M5S
Marlpoea 2 18 SI 23 21
Mono
Nevada 1 8 11 11 10
Placer 4 73 62 71 65
Sacramento 28 1.162 1.113 1,1*5 1.130
San Joaquln .... SI 3,614 3,030 3,555 8,020
Sutter ........... 1 9 13
Tuolumne ....... 8 56 S9 56 • 83
Tuba- .".
Totals 121 6,031 5,601 5.932 5,823
9 f •
3 ? I
COUNTIES. 3 1 ?
? : •
I 1 i
Alpine 5 63 25
Amador 23 1.197 1.350
Butte a 57 2.615 2.212
Calaveras 34 1.SJ3 1.W7
El Dorado 36 1,117 1,587
Inyo 18 SS4 578
Marlposa 20 .436 803
Mono 7 278 263
Nevada 46 1.6S5 2.824
Placer ....* 4S 1.896 2.084
Sacramento' 71 4.84S 4.071
San Joaquin 52 2.23S 4.347
Sutter ;... 17 770 S07
Tuolumne 30 1,064 1.649
.Tuba : * 21 998 1,231
Totals I, 485 20,400 25,196
1S98— De Vrlcs* majority jjso
I
3
s.
a
o
C
I
3
COUNTIES.
a
i
w
V
j
|
Alameda 78 7.088 S.«5
Colusa 5 98 243
Contra' CotU 24 1.454 1,971
Glor.n 6 - 91 25*
Lake -
Bolano 2lt l.»43 1.275
Yolo a 1ST J25
Totals I 136| 10.8611 «.59«
I * %
% $ §
f» l» O
» 3 ?
COUNTIES. 8 J? $?
I ? ? .
£«*no ~H i,(S« 1,471
Madera s n;» n;
r c<l » 404 547
Orang« 41 » 17 Tj.
Rtversldo 17 j «i "i
San Benito 9 "451 \«,
8an Bernardino ji 2^975 j lw
f f n D»e«o 43 J.953 l'.l«
T 121 *™ Ml 1.261 1.C43
T<>t * la I 2081 11,0461 8.323
COUXTIE3.
25
?
a
a
B
3
9
<•
?
i
I
Ikjs Angeles 174 15il 3 2 H>M5 nT
Ont r re . y «v. 4 * J- 832 1- 9W »>
San Luis Oblspo 38 1.448 2.01$ 31
Santa Barbara j; j.022 l.«T0 125
Santa Crua 43 2.OS5 X.83« 114
Ventura ;.... » i i44<> t s7
Tot«l» 36Q 24.050 ».439{ 1.132
ljfOS — Waters' plurality J.551
Scattering „ u
COUNTIES.
1
at
c
I
t
3
Ix>» An«ele« J5 1.J89 j t0:a
Monterey 23 1 1J7 j'^,.
Ban Luis Oblspo is *"ral lm
|«t* Barbara 19 tl29 | W7
Ventura 15 937 - 13
U!| «,90«! IOI
a
e
I
a
[B
S
I
¦a
S 1
a
•I
0
<»
3
Alaroeda. m UM7 $ gl3
Colusa n goi iSm
Contra Costa 13 lS ¦ J'sm
Glenn 15 'hs '753
£•**•¦••¦• -• 17 «23 719
Tol ° 25 1,626 1.6U
Totalt 288 20.592 u.OSl
1S9S— Metcalf's plurality « 541
PRESIDENTIAL
VOTE
1900.
3
I
S I =
S i
< I
5 I E
I
x t:
¦
S 2
—
: *
5 :
T
l
sj HJDC
'"64; 26
8i6 G3(
i-j in
I^4| 14!
I.ES1 1.W3
121 22."
1.2311 CIO
M • Sfil
k
!
S j.oi:;
:i id.
Mono ,....«...
\I<m'*rey J
Smtm. .._ j
(Cerate ...t
T.i i B5
5»i 179
1.3*if S73
1.277! LOTS
404! 470
;.n34t 1.251
1.85*1 i,;sr.
i.'«72l"*j."i»
: airta Rarhara ..._
<snta Clara. :
-am* Cruz
-1-hMB
-i^rra
irta n
nta f
1.M6' 1.019
S.TOfii 1.KC7
P»SI 676
i
rrra .
-Viyrt
lanft
-i.-Ki.vru j...
: 'noni« t :
-tani^lau* ,
-u«#r j
:;«
tter .
hamt
6* 70
I
[rinitj- J...
ru'.ar* !
Initr
i'.ar*
LsnhiTeo
El «ti
i iiOiunine I
>ntura. j :
lOiuTni
9M| . 734
..rU. s l s
1 —
Total* It.tl
.! .
46
LISSJ 24.463
vote in .1896.
1 1900. | hi President.
<; 2. 3
=> c 2_ g
e =
COUNTIES. 5 o 3 ' a
! f 3 T :
* • • :
; : . : •
Alamcla. 141 22.1441 13,429 8.391
•Alrino 5 7<» 40 yj
Arnador 231 2.7D2| J 1.144 1.39S
Ijtitt/ 37J 4.2.-.9S 2.075 2.121
Calavcras S4J 3.W.! 3.541 1.51R
cVilusa 21 1.990 5*1 1.250
Contra Costa 33! 3.440J 1.834 1,;81
Del None gi 6701 S45 334
EJ IViraJo SCj 2,867! 1.130 1.6T4
FnetM 74 «.€4SJ 2.6S«i 3,790
S 1 *"" 15 1.S"5| 479 R25
HumhoMt ; 6t)| 5.61 1 1 3.14? 2,465
Invo 1«| S341 2SSI 532
K< ™ W - 3.23-, 1.4W! 1.784
KIns«J IS! 1.535 673 8")!
I-»l<o ]7j 1.453J 545 g54
'-a-^n 22 974| ' 42fl 52S
hos Anrelt* 174! S3.r»s: i«i,R9i 1SJ14S
Mn-lTH 55 j i,2O6| 4T.J 7?9
Marin 22) 2.3C0 1.44s 874
Marlro?a ., JO 1.485 563 829
MrndfH^no .' 53 4.Zln! 2,0?3 2.120
H^* 4 23 1.™ • 653 1.U7
updoo 15| 915 3M -5S3
Mrno 7j . 61l| 259 315
AlnntToy :. 4«l 4.0321 1.S7? 2.149
£*P* 26! 3.S73I tOS? 1.472
Nevada 4fi! 4,3731 l.flgi 2.8M
"ranee to 3.79S| 1^32 1712
Dr,,-er | 4«! 3.«T.n| 1.S90 1.721
Plumae ]K| l.24fi| j;7X . 575
UlvrrpM* :....... 47 J.91S 2.0S3 1.6SI
• t; a<-ramfnto 71 p.sn 4,«oo 4,831
San B*>nitr> .- 1? J.72D 729 9.V5
San Bernardino ".. 64] 5.9S>!>! 2.S1S 2 740
San IMffro 90: 7.99* jmi 3,50s
Sr.n Francisco ..'. 308; 63.057 3l.K'« 30.fi!''
San .Toa<juln', 52} 7.0761 3.500 3.5H
S«n I.'jis Oblfpo 8«j .3.9.%4| 1,«71 2.05S
San Mateo ....:.- J9| 2,76H| l.KO* 9*7
Santa. Barbara ........ S2 3.9C.5J 2.004 1.916
S.-.nta Clara 72! 12.2701 8,315 5.1S1
Santa Cruz 43) 4.224 1.S69 .1,S<W
Shasta 4t] 3.37S 1.210 1.9S«
Sierra 22] 1.245 707 527
Hffkiyou «] 3.2S4 1.473 1.724
Solano 36i 5.OK5I 2.7021-2 254
Sonoma S8l v 8.075| ,4.053 3.59S
Stanislaus 22) 2.4«2 1.0fl7 1.398
Sutter ; 17! 1.3«2| 79« , 713
Tehama 321 2.1*>6| P691 1 135
Trinity 24 1 l.OW.j S02| 645
Twlurp 4* 4.159! ' 1,410 . 2.673
Tonlumn* 30 2.3331 R34! 1.30S
Ventura 29.3.175 1.5531' 1,445
T&lo 251; 3.29SJ 1,455 1,753
Yuba 21! 2,241] 1,204 j 991
, 1 Totals *..!2. 493 300,0191146.753 144,766¦m ETUBN3 from the Forty-first
3 1 Assembly District show the
I \ certain defeat of H. C. Dibble
I 1 and the election of Oscar
""^ Sutro. In the contest yester
day Dlbble'3 cause was vtgoroualy
espoused by Kelly.; Cjlmmins. Herrin and
the bosses generally.
The clean anti-boss Republicans of the
district should exercise the utmost vigil
ance in watching all the proceedings rela
tive to the counting- of the ballots and
the sending of the returns to the Regis
trar's office. The railroad agents and th<»
bosses place a high estimate on Dibble's
value to them In the Legislature and will
leave nothing undone to count him In.
The resolute Republicans of the Forty
first, who have made a famous battle for
clean politics and good soverninent.
should see that the returns are not tara
pered with by the bo3ses.
The Issue in Dibbles case was clearly
presented to the people by The Call. Ke
was recognized as one of the craftiest a-*.. I
shrewdest legislators that ever went :<">
Sacramento to programme with the
bo*ses agaln?t the people.
The Call opposed him on his record ar.d
en nothirg but his record In the Legisla
ture o? California. His Intellectual abi>
!ty wss r.ot questioned. hi3 capacity as a
parliamentary leader was not denied, cut
his record as" an Assemblyman was pclrt
ed to as something ao scandalously bai
that It reflected discredit on the sStat?.
the district and the Republican pnr-y.
It is to be regretted that E. I. Weft*.
who wo - -id be far worse than DibW» if hm
had tee latter"? couraa:? and ability, his
managed to pull thrmish in the Tt -.?t*.: -
first Senatorial District. la th<? Legbla-
DIBBLE MEETS
DEFEAT AT LAST
Sutro Winner in Forty-First
1 Assembly District— Nelson
Wins.
SCEXE AT THE CALL BUILDING, ON ONE OF THE CORNERS OF NEWSPAPER SQUARE. LAST NIGHT WHEN THE ELECTION RETURNS WERE
POSTED. THE SPECTATORS CHEERED LOUDLY AS EACH SUCCESSIVE BULLETIN DISPLAYED ON THE CALL'S STEREOPTICON SCREEN
TOLD OF THE MARVELOUS VICTORY OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY IN THIS CITY AND THROUGHOUT THE UNION.
Oakland High Defeated.
BERKELEY, Nov. 6.— The Berkeley
High School football team defeated the
Oakland High School eleven this after
noon by a ecore of 41 — 0. The game was
played on the university campus. It was
won through superior playing on the part
of the local team. This was a Bay County
League game, the winner to play the wln
cer of the Belmont-Per&lu gams.
proprietor. They submitted a lengthy re
port to their captains, and it Is under
stood that the violators of the law will be
called upon to show cause to the Commis
sioners of Police why they should not be
deprived of their licenses.
WOLFE REPUDIATED
BY REPUTABLE VOTEBS
Citizens of All Parties Unite to Force
Little electioneering was done lirslde the
100-foot limit. The police had been In
structed not to permit this violation of
the election law, and they carried out
their orders to the letter. Martin Kelly
was conspicuous in the Twenty-elzhth and
Twenty-ninth districts. He was pleased to
say that everything was going very nicely.
In the Thirty-first and Thirty-second
districts, which embrace the south side
from Seventeenth street to Eighth, elec
tion day passed off with but little to dis
tinguish it from any other day of the
week. A heavy vote was cast. A rough
estimate placing It at more than two
thirds of the registration.
All day long, and the day was sultry.
scores of men formed scouting parties to
the various corner groceries, but It was
in vain. The police vigilance resulted in
not a salocn opening its doors in dispens
ing liquor, which, no doubt, accounts for
the absence of excitement which pre
vailed. The policemen stood outside their
appointed polling booths with nothing to
do but loQk for the trouble that never
came.
At the noon hour things were even mor<?
quiet, though ~bver In the factory region
overalled voters took advantage of the
time to go and place their vote. Alto
gether this election day will go down In
the annals of the south side electors aa
"just like Sunday." _ -
Him in Disgrace Behind His
Ticket in Two Districts.
If an election was being held in the
Thirty-sixth. Thirty-seventh, Thirty
eighth or Fortieth districts nobody knew
of It unless he was privileged to enter one
of the polling places to cast hts vote.
There he found the election officers pa •
tlently waiting for the next vote to be
cast and to all questions regarding - the
situation the same answer would be pro
nounced:
"It's the quietest election we have ever
experienced. '
In the section west of Devisadero street
In the four districts named the voting
was heavy and most of the ballots were
cast before 1 P- m. In the Sixteenth Pre
cinct of the Thirty-seventh District 157
ballots had been cast out of a total of 213
registered at the same time. In the Twen-
IT was not until the election was over
yesterday that San Franciscans
pave evidence In excitement that
they had passed through a national.
Stale and local contest. Although
there were close and bitter legislative con
tests In several of the Assembly districts,
there was no outward evidence of the
fact. The police were ornaments; they
made fewer arrests than on a day of or
dinary life. The saloons in most cases
were closed and drunkenness was such
an exception as to be extremely notice
able. There was no attempt at Illegal
voting, as the new signature requirement.
demanding of «ivery voter that he sign his
name in the election booth upon a regis
ter, had a very salutary effect In what
follows is given, district by district, the
story of the city's model election.
MARTIN KELLY LETT
IN DISGUSTED LONELINESS
The South-Side Battalions of the Dol
lar Boss Desert His Discredited
Standards at the Foils.
A heavy vote was polled In the Twenty
eighth, Twenty-ninth. Thirtieth and Thir
ty-flrs,t districts. When the voting booths
opened at 6 o'clock citizens stood In line
ready to cast their ballots. Having done
their duty they proceeded to. their work.
Before noon half the number of voters
whose names were on the precinct regis
ter had cast their ballots. During the
afternoon the ttragglers entered the elec
tion booths and deposited their votes.
Not an Incident to amount to anything
happened in these Assembly districts. The
police»on duty at every voting place lolled
around. Their office for the time was a
sinecure. The day passed without a dis
pute or a fistic battle, according to the re
ports made by the officers. A feature of
the election was the absence of drunken
men. This was due to the absolute en
forcement of the law compelling saloons
to close during the hours of voting. A
number of saloon men, however, were
tempted to sell liquor to visitors to their
places, and several arrests were made by
Sergeants Mahoney and Wolff. The latter
visited the numerous drink places in the
district, and where they saw men 'partak
ing of refreshments they apprehended the
Chief of Police Sullivan, accompanied
by Captain Wittraan, visited every polling
place in the four districts mentioned and
were highly «rratined at the quiet which
prevailed. Sullivan kept a sharp lookout
for open saloons, but. he failed to discover
a single instance of any violation of tha
law. The report that the Police Com
missioners would revoke the license of
any saloon-keeper found open before 5
n. m. had a salutary effect on the proprie
tors and even the proverbial little '.'sfda
door" was closed, though it was said that
If on« were pretty well known he would
be admitted to, quench ; a thirst 'which
needed the operation. «
Up to 5 o'clock not a single arrest had
been made at either the Park police sta
tion on Stanyan street or the N'orth End
station on O'Farrell street.- In none of
the precincts mentioned were any chal
lenges issued, and the officers In charge of
the various polling places were not called
upon at any time during the day to quell
the slightest disturbance.
In the Twenty-first Precinct of the
Thirty-seventh District there remained
but thirty votes to be cast out of 250 at
4 o'clock, and the Fourteenth Precinct of
the Thirty-eighth District showed that
forty citizens . had yet failed to use their
elective franchise.
In the Eighteenth Precinct of the Thirty
sixth Assembly District 315 votes were
polled out of 3S0 at 3 o'clock. In this pre
cinct a voter refused to mark his ballot.
He insisted on It being put Into the bal
lot-box In blank form and he was ac
commodated by the Judge of the election,
who ruled that a man was at liberty to
vote as he desired, though his particular
preferences would fail to be tallied. -.
In the Seventeenth Precinct of the For
tieth District 177 votes were polled out of
243 at 2 o'clock and the election officers
themselves said they did not know that
an election was going- on. Along Point
Lobos avenue at the same time the rec
ords showed 1S4 votes polled out of 261 In
the Eighteenth Precinct of the Fortieth
District: 210 out of 2S7 In the Nineteenth
Precinct of the Fortieth District, and 1S$
out of 2© In the Twentieth Precinct of the
Fortieth District.
tieth Precinct of the Thirty-seventh Dis
trict, where 350 voters live, 175 took the
precaution to vote before 2 o'clock in the
afternoon. In that precinct and In the
T-wenty-flrst Precinct it was evident from
"whisperings" that E. I. Wolfe, candidate
for State Senator, was running behind his
ticket. William E. White, the Democratic
candidate, seemed to be having it all his
own way. though the two precincts are
generally regarded as Republican. Frank
Kerrigan was putting up a great fight for
the short term for Superior Judge. The
Democrats were supporting him in large
numbers.
ABSOLUTE QUIET MAEKED
ELECTION IN THE CITY
in every precinct he ran behind his ticket
So pronounced was this castigatlon of in
diprant voters that when the polls closed
there was general hope that Wolfe had
b^en withdrawn from the public life he
has disgraced.
In the Forty-nrst Assembly District, the
home of Assemblyman H. C. Dibbie.
where there Is an overwhelming Repub
lican majority. Dibble lost on every slde-
The Democratic nominee. Oscar Sutro.
had scores of Republican champions and
at 5 o'clock the Dibble forces admitted
that if they had not been beaten the con
test was close enough to leave the issue
very doubtful. It was known that the
Southern Pacific Company had raised a
corruption fund in this district, but the
handlers of the money were shrewd
enough to be extremely chary In using It.
In the Forty-second Assembly District
the same strujgle of decency against cor
ruption was waged. Republicans united
with Democrats to defeat L». A. Henry.
the Republican candidate, and by noon a
Republican district, which has a normal
majority of 600 votes, was made doubtful.
Republicans In this district as in others
were teaching their leaders the lesson that
reputable men must be nominated.
In the Fourth Congressional IMstrict the
Issue never was la doubt. In every As
sembly District Julius Kahn was leading
his opponent and the election of the Ke
publlcan candidate was conceded on ail
sides. In that part of the Fifth Congreo
sional District which Is In San Fran
cisco the same story may be told of
Eugene F. Loud, who was overwheimins
his opponent with votes. .
As ballots were cast early In the day
voters trooped down town In thousands
to read the latest news from the East.
At night Market street was a mass of
surging humanity and cheer after cheer
went forth as McKinlej-'s success wa»
taken from the realm of. doubt and be
came a splendid certainty.
At the hour of going to press this morn
ing enough votes had been counted in the
city to fndlcate. except in one or two ex
ceptionally' close contests, who had been
elected. In the following tabte is given
the vote as counted for Presidential elec
tors, Superior Judges. Justices of the
Peace. Congressmen. Senators, Assembly
men and amendments:
SAN FRANCISCO has recorded
•*• ¦• •iotorv f>~r Repub
licanism In the history of the
c:ty. The 'atert return? this
corrin; show that President Mc-
Z-Z'.r.'.ey daO Rocsevelt h?.ve caTied the city
by a r''-niity cf more than 7<jOO votes, a
most unparalleled result. Congressman
Kahn lias been re-elected by more than
C9M votes, and Congressman L«cud has
been given a splendid majority in the city.
The R«=putliran legislative ticket has
fr-»»pt to victory with four State Senators
cut of five and thirteen Assemblymen out
of eighteen.
In the election for Superior Judges it
eppears row that Ccffey. Lawlor. Slcss
er.d Kerrigan have won. with Judge Dain
cerSc'.i slightly in the lead over Graham
1 :r the fourth Icnj term. For Justices of
the Peace victory has. according- to the
Istest returns, perched on the banners of
Dnazx, Grcezir.ger, Jcachimsen. Lor.g and
Dtnlels.
The le^-islatlve contests In this city de
reiDped some strange combinations and
r.ct a few surprises. The mast notable
e-r.-est v. as ir. the Forty-first Assembly
District, where the iatest returns show
that Henry C. Dibble, repudiated by the
rT-utarle citizens of the district. Is over
whelmingly defeated by O^car Sutro. the
D^mccrstic nomine*".
Returns show this morning that the
f-':!^w;r.g legislative candidates have be-en
elected:
SENATORS.
Seventeenth District. J. M. PLUX
KETT, D.
Nineteenth District. R. J. WELCH, n.
Tweaty r flwt District. E. I. V.'OLFE. R.
Tw«r.ty-third District. J. G. TYRRELL.
XI.
Twenty-fifth District. J. K. NELSON*,
ASSE3I3LT2EEX.
T-n-er.ty-eiffhth District. E. T. LACY. D
Twenty-ninth District. J. T. COLLINS
Ti-.irt :eth District. G. J. McLAUGHUX.
D.
Thirty-first District. J. J. KOURIGAN,
R.
T>-'.rt---s«cond District. W. J. SCOTT. R.
Thirty-third District. JOHN BUTLER,
R.
Thirty-fourth District. E. D. KNIGHT.
R.
Thirty-fifth District. E* T. TREAD-
V/ELL. R.
Thirty-sixth District, W. J. GCIL
FOTLE. R.
Thirty-seventh District. A. G. FISK. R.
Thirty -eighth District. BERT SCIILES
INOER. D.
Thirty-ninth District. F. D. MACBETH,
R.
Fortieth District. H. A. BAl'ER. R.
KTty-Srst restrict. OSCAR Sl'TRO. D.
Frrty-second District. L.. A. HENRY, R
Forty-tWrfl District. M. V,\ BRADY. R.
Forty-f-iurth District. A. A. CAVAG
NAP.O. D.
Forty-nfth District. G. O. BROWN, R,
Total*— Senator?. Republicans 4. Demo
crats 1: Assemblymen, Republicans 13,
I>emocrats 5.
San Frarcisco nevrr passed in her his
tory a more 'juiet. mere srderly or more
lr.ter.se an election than that cf yester
day. Voters wer.t early to the polls and
at noon a majority cf the voles had been
cast. Even «n those districts where the
legislative contest? g-v» local interest aai
excitement the day pa-s?ed without ei
r*;t!oral Interest or Incident- Special
pkaders for favorites w*>re not lacking.
r:yt th<=y canvassed quietly fol votes.
Tfcey <:scov»r«! that the va.«t majority
rf pl^rtors had made their flections be-
* r r" l*avir.s: th*ir home? and needed no
coaching. The shadcTving- encouragement
of th» r.atior.aj Republican nomine^* was
over everything an<I many cf the local and
legislative csr.didates went in with the
wave of which carried McKin
ley and P.m5»vf!t in th» cJty.
Th*» Police Department rendered excel -
lent service in Ins'stinc that the prohibi
:r>on the sale of liquor be obs-rvei.
ZZest <">* ti2«? saloon-k^pers obey«"d tht
law, but a T^tt ventured to disobey and
vrm ca::zht. Tl.?y will have an oppor
tunity of plrading for their l!c<?-s*>s to th<_;
Potlec Commissioners. While the police
did ; ratsrworthy service In this regard
they ccrr.xn'.ttd an off^r.se which deserveJ
esqctalified censure. Police patrolman in
rr^st <-f the districts !n the city. >vfn in
the Western Addition, were allied with
the "pu'V cf the Fir? Department m
a'-Tirwr as yp^clal pleaders for the pooi
ffM'.riK ordinance.- Xeither policemen nor
firemen made an attempt to disguise their
activity in this direction. The advocacy
cf bcth departments for this ordinance
was c-prn. ar.i notorious.
There has ec'.Com been In San Francisco
McKinley Carries All but a Few
• Discredited Nominees on
a Wave of Victory,
an election where the national result was
so universally conceded. On all sides, by
all partisans, ft was admitted that Mc-
Kinley and Roosevelt wcu'.d carry the city
and carry most of the legislative "nominees
of the Republican party to victory with
them. Only In those districts where the
Republican candidates were of notorious
ar.d shameful unfltness were there con
tests. In the Thirty-seventh. Thirt/
eig-hth. Forty-first and Forty-second As
s^mb'.y districts the most exciting con
tests cf the day were waped. The Repub
lican voters oT the Thirty-seventh and
Thirty-eighth Assembly districts gave K.
J. Wolfe so emphatic a repudiation tha*
THE REPUBLICANS
SWEEP THE CITY
THE SAX FRA"X CISCO CAIili, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, JWO.
SAN FRANCISCO SHARES IN THE REPUBLICAN TRIUMPH
(Continued on Pag* Fourteen.)
5
FOSTX71I CIEEAl.
A ROAST
On Temperance People.
A little wc=an out In Tower Hill. HL.
takes a fall out of the temperance people
Jn a letter containing the following:: "'It
!s trrjs'ng to see some stanch temper-
ance people who wouid as soon be caught
stealing a horse as to be Been going Into
a saloon, that are tied down hard and
fast to their coffee cups as much as aa
old whisky sot is to his morning dram.
They rive the earae excuse that the old
sot Coca; they act the came way; the
habit Is Just as fixed. Their dram does
r.ot as quickly intoxicate, but Its steady
use just as surely breaks down the nerv-
ous system and ruins them physically and
mentally, frequently setting up some fixed
form of chronic disease.
"Cor.s^tencT. tfcou art a Jewsl Just as
rsuch to-<!ay a.* of old. Either break
ttray from your slavery— tea. coffee or
any other pernicious habit you may have
—or «jult preaching to others. I know
trhat I arn talklr.g about, for I was a cof-
fee slave for a time and can speak truth-
fully of Its effects. It almost ruined my
nervous system. caused constipation,
headaches and sleeplessness. I suppose If
I had drank enough at one time to make
me entirely drunk I might nave felt
easier.
"Finally the stuff b*pt.n to cans* cough-
in* after my meals: then I concluded to
part company with the demon, and a.t
one*, upon the auSvlce of tome friends,
took up Postum Food Coffee. The
change ¦was marvelous. I passed from
an Invalid* to a. healthy person in a very
ehort time- I had quit a drug and taken
up a strong, powerful, nourishing food In
liquid form. '-«d owe my present health
to Postum Food Coffee." Name will be
furnished by Postum Cereal Co.. Ltd.,
<i^ tT )^ Cra&k. Mlrh
Out-of-town orders filled— writa us. \
Biseball outfit, consisting of ball, bat, cap ar
belt, free with every boy's suit and overcoat
718 Market Street.
SNWOOPfrfP
Tan covert top coats for boys from 3 to 19 years
old, made just like men's overcoats, well tailored,
neat and dressy; our regular prices are $5 00 and
$7.00 respectively — special now
Ages 14 to 19 years 4.95
Ages 4 to 1 3 years .\ . . . $3.45
Boys' Top Coats
If you want to get one of those boys* top coats
at the reduced price, you must come before to-mor-
row night,. for the sale was for one week teginning
Friday last; if your boy needs a dressy little top coat
you cannot afford to miss this opportunity.
Some other values are:
Black worsted chev-
lot ovrroacs, well mad:
and lined, good sty.i$h
Iensth.
Covert box coat* In
three shades: Tan,
brown anJ olive. Both
of these coats are *i :.co
values, sals price now
fcr either
Bin: kers'ys and ox-
f crJ gray chsviats, some
velvet collars, some
plain, swell coats. .
Covert fcox coats in
several shads*, very
good valu-s. They are
coats we can thorouzh-
ly guarantee to give
tatisfactian; prices
Bin; an 3 brown k:r-
sry«, gray cheviots, tan
cov;r:s, bnzlish vmi?-
cords. oxford zrays.
ragians, etc., ail of
thfm v-rysw:M, dressy
overcoats that appeal to
m;n who cJestrs to
dr:ss well, all fashion-
able weaves, prices
$7.50 $8.50 and $10 $12.50 and $15
We want to interest
you now, because we
are givinz such good
values. Fact is, we
were rather too heav-
ily supplied with over-
coats- a short time ago,
so started a sale — 'ook
some Sio.co overcoats
and marked them down
to $6<k, and some
$12 oo ones and cut
them to $7^o.
These ought to in-
terest you. but if you
want to pay more, we
hive overcoat^ up as
high as most men care
to pay. f
No matter how little
you pay here you are
sure to get ail wool:
no matter how much
you pay you are sure
to get your money's
worth.
The coats we are
selling for
are black kerseys with
velvet collars and ex-
ceedingiy good linings;
they were $10 before.
Are you interested in
iiiliiil
llli §1 ¦
iiil ii
iiiiiiiThe tramps of the United States are to
have a newspaper of their own, which will
hnw£ U h!, OllS k '""0™"°"- Hitherto *h"
raE? «uh e «, b £ en , £°ntented to eommunU
methods which have been perfected bv
ong usage. It Is hard to see why these
S&SXSfc^" 1 '"" Bhould becom • S
It Is said that the politics of th« hoi™
organ will be Bryanfstlc T That is vejv
P^db^wS7or^ r -;^
fnWo n s d ed rfniKVliny 6 Sfa S
form of toll would b* l"ss subjlct S rl
.&Ho < M2E than they «•*!&&£
It is sincerely to be hoped that the row between
his. Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and Tod
Sloan will not result in any international complica
tions. Nations have been overturned for less.
¦iJThe Board of Supervisors has made an official an
nouncement that the city has laws enough to govern
it? plague spots into places of decency, but the board
appears to be absurdly confident in' expressing an
opinion that the police will enforce these laws.
The enthusiasm with which the people of Ohio arc
accepting every opportunity to throw the Dowieites
out of the State ought to convince those pertinacious
agitators that a coat uf tar and feathers is not a com
fortable garment in which' to make converts.
Recent events have indicated with painful clearness
that the political sharps of the Southern Pacific Com
pany have more politics than they need without
going out of their own building. The people of Cali
fornia may now be permitted to attend to their own
affairs without interference which is both impudent
Several French officers were thrown out of an
American train in China a few days ago and now
they demand an apology. They should have a care.
Uncle Sam has passed safely through ''the election
period, when he calls himself all sorts of names, and
is now ready to chastise all detractors.
Americanizing London.
London is on the eve of the greatest In
vasion It has ever known. Tens of thou
sands of American tourists, armed with
cameras and gripsacks and fortified by
insatiable curiousity, are preparing to
come among us.
The invasion will reach its height during
July. Then between two and three thou
sand Americans will* come for the great
Christian Kndeavor convention, and those
who cannot find rooms will live under can
vaa In the grounds of the Alexandria
palace. . •
One firm of tourist agents alone reports
that it has about 1500 Americans coming
here in July. The Paris Exposition, the
Passion Play at Ober-Ammergau ana the
desire to escape the fever of the Presi
dential election are all sending Americans
here.
This is no sudden impulse. For nearly
two years plans have been maturing in
all parts of America for this. Smart men
in every Congressional district have set
themselves to forming tourist clubs. Hun
dreds of ministers have made up parties
from their congregations. The organizers
are rewarded by receiving their holiday
for nothing. For two years French teach
ers have been at a premium in America
in preparation for the linguistic problems
To-day parts of London have been firm
ly annexed by the Americans. The smoke
room of the Carlton Hotel has become the
headquarters of New York politicians
Bloomsbury grocers are finding a remark
able demand for Boston baked beans The
new hotels lining Southampton row' find
such a rush of Yankees that their pro
prietors think of bringing over black
cooks and callboys, of supplying iced
water and of learning the real art of pre
paring clam chowder and oyster stew —
London Mail.
DEMI-SATSON MANTLE
The Empire mantle illustrated Is of
Suede cloth, ornamented with quilles of
cloth braided with silk and gold, and
lapels of yoke to match. The bow,
which falls In two long ends, is of cream
moussellne de sole.
REVIVAL OF GALVESTON.
WHEN the campaign became so exciting as to
attract public attention away from Galveston
that stricken city was so overwhelmed by the
disaster that had befallen her it was doubtful whether
she would recover her business energies in time to
provide her people with work and wages during 'the
rapidly approaching winter. Now that the election i?
over and we can once more give attention to her needs
there will be more than ordinary gratification in
noting that all reports give promise of abundant work
in and around the city and good profits and wages in
all lines of business. *
A recent review of the situation by a special cor
respondent of the New York Journal of Commerce
says: "The wreckage is still abundant in the residence
section, but in the commercial part of the town the
ravages of wind and wave have been for the most part
repaired or concealed. The work of rebuilding has
made the business of dealers in hardware, lumber, paint
and glass much heavier than it was before. But in all
lines of business there has been a recovery that would
not have been supposed possible. The grain ele
vators and the wharves were found to be, less damage!
than was at first supposed. The receipt and shipment
of cotton were resumed a few days after the disaster,
and within a month business in all lines was proceed
ing much as usual."
The people of Galveston deserve the highest com
mendation for the courage and the energy they 'have
exhibited in grappling with the calamity that came
upon them. Praise should also be given to the bank
ers, manufacturers and merchants of other cities, who
in their dealings with Galveston business men have
granted them large credits upon all lines of goods. It
is stated that in the large commercial centers orders
from Galveston have been filled freely and promptly.
Thus the merchants .of the city have been able to
obtain and to supply whatever is needed in the work
of rebuilding. Out of the gloom of the great disas
ter, therefore, there come at least two things of which
the American people may be proud — the energy of the
survivors of the stricken city and the generosity of the
helpers in all parts of thc Union.
CANADIAN ELECTIONS.
/^» AXADA holds her general elections to-day. It
( has been a jingo campaign on the part of the
/ Laurier Ministry. ant^ thc Conservative oppo
sition has met the Government along the whole
line. In many constituencies there was no contest,
and consequently several Liberals and several Conser
\atives have already obtained seats by acclamation.
The number that has been thus fortunate, however, is
comparatively small, and the voting to-day will prob
ably be very close throughout the Dominion.
In the Canadian House of Commons when every
constituency is represented there are 213 members. Of
these Ontario elects 92, Quebec 65, Nova Scotia 20,
New Brunswick 14, Prince Edward Island 5, Mani
toba 7, British Columbia 6, Northwest Territory 4.
In the House which has just been dissolved thi
Laurier Ministry had as supporters 12 irom Nova
Scotia, 5 from New Brunswick, 3 from Prince Ed
ward Island, 50 from Quebec, 45 from Ontario, and
in addition 6 independents from that province who
supported the Ministry on all leading questions of
party policy; 5 from Manitoba, 4 from British Colum
bia and 3 from the Northwest Territory. On some
issues the Ministry had a majority as high as 52, but
generally it was not more than 45.
Following the usual tactics of party campaigning
each side claims that it will make heavy gains in this
election. The fight has not centered upon any par
ticular point, snd consequently the canvass has been
largely personal. Grave charges have been brought
against the Ministry, and it is asserted there have been
many scandals in connection with various departments
of the administration. These probably amount to no
more than thc customary campaign cries which are
heard whenever there is no "paramount issue" to dis
cuss before the people.
If any one question be more prominent than an
other in the canvass it is the famous "preferential
tariff" which the Laurier Ministry carried through
Parliament with thc avowed object of giving Great
Britain in Canadian markets an advantage over ths
United States or any other nation. The tariff ap
pears to have been a failure, and the Conservatives
claim that no preference should be given to British
goods in Canada unless Great Britain reciprocates by
giving Canadian products equal preferences in Brit
ish markets.
Summing up the results of the tariff The Mail and
Empire, a Conservative organ, recently said: "Thus
in the last four years the United States has sold to
Britain $446,853,726 more than it would have sold
had the average of its sales been just equal to the sales
in 1896. To Canada in the same period the United
States has sold $92,952,832 worth more of goods than
it would have sold had its average yearly sales been
just equal to the sales of 1806. That is, in the British
market it has gained $446,853,726 in the four years,
and in the Canadian market $92,952,832. In the mean
time Canada's sales to the United States in that time
have not averaged as high as the figures of 1896. and
fall short by $20,844,^24 of doing so."
There have been more or less evidences of jealousy
between the British and the French races during the
j campaign, but these have not been of a nature to se
riously affect the votir.g. If Laurier win. his victo-y
will be mainly due to the jingro spirit roused by, the
dispatch of Canadian troops to fight for the British
empire in South Africa, and consequently the move
ment toward "imperial federation" will be largely
affected by the result.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE OHIO— G. B. P.. Bollnas. CaJ. The
date for the launching of the battleship
Ohio has not yet been set. j
HAIGHT STREET LINE— B. S.. City. I
The Haight street cable car line was
opened for business August 21, 1SS3. The
cars were operated a few days before ;
for the purpose of breaking In the men.
sx;n before or after— b. j. h..
La Grange, Cal. Sun before or after clock
Is the amount by which at certain times
of the year an accurately adjusted sun
dial Is faster or slower than a mean solar
clock.
DIMES OF 1R37-A., San Rafael, CaJ.
Dimes of 1857 do not command a premium
from, dealers. Those who deal In old
coins charge from 20 to 50 cents for such
coins, so that gives an Idea of the mar
ket value.
THE PHILIPPINES— C. C, City. Un
der the provisions of article 3 of the
treaty between the United States and
Spain the latter nation ceded the Philip
pine Islands to the United States for $20,
000,000 as compensation.
THE DEUTSCHLAND-W. W.. City.
The transatlantic eteamer Deutschland
was built by the Vulcan Shipbuilding
Company at Stettin, Germany. She was
launched January 10. 1900. The greater
portion of the machinery In her was con
structed In Germany.
TO IMPROVE ONE'S SELF— I* E. J.,
City. A young woman wha wishes to Im
prove herself as to language and be able
to become a good conversationist should
read the best books that she can procure.
These she can procure from the free pub
lic library by Inquiring at tbe reference
room.
MISSIONARIES KILLEI>— J. L., City.
There are no figures to show the number
of missionaries and the number of Chris
tian natives killed there during the recent
trouble in China. Nor are there any to
show approximately jiow many have been
killed. It will probably be a long time
before the truth In regard to this matter
can be ascertained.
RETURN OF THE VALENCIA— M U E.,
City. The Valencia returned to thlslilty
from the Philippines with part of the
Montana regiment of volunteers on the
24th of September, 1SD9. The other part
of the Montana boys came on the Zea
landla on the 22d of September. The Mon
tana reelment was mustered out October
17 of the year named. _,
THE DEATH PENALTY-M. M. M..
Rio Vista, Cal. The fact that a man who
committed a willful murder In the United
States Is a foreigner will not save him
from the gallows If he Is convicted of
murder of the first degree and the State
In which he was tried provides for the
death penalty. In some States the Jury
declares that the penalty shall be either
death or imprisonment for life,
ABRAHAM LINCOLN— Ttkto Readers.
Port Costa. Cal. Abraham Lincoln was
born on a small farm on the big south
fork of Nolln Creek, about thirteen miles
from Ellzabethtown and three miles from
Hodgensville. in what Is now La Rue
County. Kentucky. At the time of Lin
coln's birth. February 12, 1S09. that part
: of the country was known as Hardin
¦ County.
! MAID OF ORLEANS— A. C, City. This
• department has on two previous occasions
• informed you that the Maid of Orleans
, was not wrecked. The fact that you
, found on the beach near Bollnas a piece
; of board on which Is lettered "D. of Orle "
, is no proof that It belonged to the'schoon
. er Maid of Orleans. It may have been
, the name of a fishing smack or a White
hall boat, and have been accidentally
, knocked off. then broken by striking
, against rocks. ~ 8
' CRUELTY TO ANIMALS— J. J. H
. City. The law that was enacted for the
5 prevention of cruelty to animals was not
» passed for the protection of rodents nor
r such animals as are detrimental or annoy
- Ing to the human race, but while it pro
. tecta animals specially useful to the hu
3 man race, it Is- intended to be Interposed
in a case where a person desiring to kill
- any livins thing should show a malignant
- nature and cause the thing to be killed
8 unnecessary torture and pain
- FORGET ME NOT-A. S.. City. Ac
» cording to tradition the scorpion f*ras3
, (myosotla). which bears the modest blue
< flower that Is commonly known by the
i pentlinental name of forget me not de
' ™n ed IU> p <?P ular nam « m the following
~ mn "n e r: Very many years ago a lady
and knight were walking along one of the
banks ot the Blue Danube. Interchangin!
vowb of devotion and affection, when the
former saw on the other side of the
0 stream the bright blue flower! of the
II myoflotlH and expressed a desire for them
e 'lhe gallant kn! K ht. eager to gratify her"
- p un K e I Into the stream and reaching the"
v h *- r « ld «- K a thered a bunch of the flow'
y ers. On his return, however, the current
e proved too atronc for him and after many
WHhVr 7 aC fr h W £ e wa8 borne a^a/
n »o!i ,1 e if f ° r , t he flU11R thc fatR l bios
o sorns on the bank, exclaiming In German
V "verKlr mlch nlchf (forpet me not" :
it hence the adoption of the name
0 Another version Is that Henry IV of
e England, before his accession? assumed
e the myosotls as his emblem, with the
•- motto . "eouvlens tol de mol" (think ot
: * m , e) /u H " nce tne «PP»catlon to the flowei
of the name "forcet me not."
PRESIDENT McKINLEY'S personal popularity carried California. With the most
nerveless and least efficient State Committee an<i organization the Republican party
ever had here, and that is saying a good deal, the people jumped over everything
and were swift-footed under every handicap, to run jocund to their duty of sustaining
a President who has sustained them.
Perhaps in no State has there been emitted more calumny against the President
than here. His life, his motives, his public and private character have all been daily
assailed in the Examiner, Calumniator-in-Chief of the Bryanites.
Right gallantly have the people of California answered the traducer and stamped on
his slanders. And they did it of their free and good will, not by the orders or organiza
tion of a lax and discredited State Committee.
Well may national Republicanism pat California on her level head. When a patri
otic duty is to be done, she girds her and goes to it level eyed.
The President had to be sustained and Bryanism had to be rebuked, and she did
both and did both well. All honor to her Republican citizens for it and all honor, too, to
the patriotic Democrats who turned their backs upon the Populist Bryan and voted for
McKinley and their country against the world.
The Republicanism of this State is greatened and bettered by the result. The party
will not permit itself hereafter to be used as a dunghill to sprout political mushrooms,
but will take its own affairs in hand, send boastful corruption and incompetence to the
rear and invite its real worthies to the front. I
CALIFORNIA'S VOTE.
THE ALASKAN STABLE
? Sit was one of the labors of Hercules to cleanse
/ \ the Augean stable*; so it will be the duty of
1 * President McKinley and Congress to recon
struct and reform the official situation in Alaska. An
odor comes from the conduct of the court at Nome
which is worse than that ot canned beef.
The chief promoter and actor in this iniquity is one
Alexander McKenzie. who is now a prisoner in this
city in the custody of the United States Marshal and
a suppliant J'»r relief and clemency both before the
Supreme Court of tht United States and the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Xinth Cir
cuit.
From accounts deemed authentic and trustworthy
which have lately been received directly from Nome
there seems to be no reasonable doubt that a state of
aliairs has this year existed in that territory which
would have «-j=ed the organization of a Vigilance
Committee iii this State during its early history. It
consisted, in brief, of a combination and conspiracy
of nearly every Federal official in the Nome distric:
except the clerk of the court, whose fairness and in
tegrity ?.re vouched for by all who have been inter
viewed, and including the Judpe. one Arthur H.
Koycs, his stenographer, the Court Commissioner,
the United States Attorney and his deputy, and others
of less importance.
It was .1 01 trust or combination of extraordin
ary proportions and novel in character.
A corporation was formed in Arizona called the
Alaska Gold Mining Company, with its office n
New York and its field of operations in Alaska. Its
guiding spirit and patron saint was Alexander Ml-
Kentie, a political bully and boss, and sometime resi
dent of Xonh Dakota.
From the S15.000.000 of the capita! stock of this
compar4 it is related that McKenzie distributed, or
acrecl to distribute, some $3,000,000 in amount.-.
ranging from $50,000 to S^oo.ooo each, to various per
soris who were to back and assist in the enterprise.
Some of these parties were to set up claims to mines
in Alaska, and if those in possession would not sur
render in whole or in part to begin suits and get
Judge Xoyes to appoint McKenzie or some substitute
a receiver to take and work the properties until 3
satisfactory settlement was made or a trial and judg
jr.ent by this same Jr.dgc. The proof seems conclu
sive that Judge Xoyes arrived at Nome on a Satur
day in last July and on the following Monday he ap
pointed McKenzie receiver of the most valuable mines
in that locality, ;;nd only required a nominal bond as
such receiver.
So indecent was the haste and so flagrant the abu-e
of the process of the court that in some cases receivers
•were appointed and took possession several days be
fore the complaints were filed. It is estimated thit
McKenzie had actually gotten hold of nearly half a
million in gold dust under this receiver process of
working before he ran up against the Federal courts
of th:s circuit.
The Federal officials at Nome were aiding and
abetting this ;vorse than robbery. Business in the
district was paralyzed, and but for the United States
troops violence and bloodshed must inevitably have
followed this abuse ard prostitution of the court.
We will not dwell en 'the details of this infamy, the
proof of which this paper will undertake to furnish
<.r. any proper occasion, but consider briefly how such
a c t:-:te of affairs was made possible.
Three United States Senators, Carter of Montana,
Davis of Minnesota and Hansbrough of North Da
l:ota. are mentioned as the political friends and back
er of McKenzie. the sponsors of nearly all these dis
honest officials in Alaska, whose appointments they
cither recommended or procured, and if the word of
one of the principal plaintiffs in whose suit McKen
¦Ac was appointed a leceiver is to be taken, these Sen
ators are also largely interested in this same Alaska
Gold Mining Company.
God help the Fiiioinos if the same class of officials
is to' he installed in those islands when a civil govern
ment is established.
It is whispered that McKenzie has thrown up his
Kinds to some of the parties who had the pluck and
courage to fight him and has agreed to surrender up
his plunder to them and procure the suits to be dis
rrnssed. We hope this will have no effect upon the
••ourt in disposing of the contempt proceedings, be
cause it seems clear that he not only flagrantly dis
obeyed the writs of the courts but united with Judge
Xoyes and some of his attorneys in speaking of their
Judges with the greatest disrespect. Fortunately the
people have unbounded respect and confidence in all
the Federal courts on this coast south of Alaska. In
California. Nevada. Oregon. Washington and Idaho
the Federal Judges are pre-eminent for their- integ
rity and fitness, and the public generally will rejoice
to see this man McKenzie so dealt with, if his con
tempt be legally established, as to afford a warning
to others.
A telegram from Washington, represented to be
from Senator Davis, ha* been recently shown in this
city by one of the friends of McKenzie stating that
matters were all right at that end. This probably re
fers to an expected demand for an investigation by
Congress of the Alaska situation and the belief on
the part of McKenzie's friends that they have a suffi
cient political pull to prevent it.
It ;« to or hoped r.nd expected that Congress will
speedily give this matter the fullest investigation and
exposure.
3&c -^^^ ar*aiu
WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 7, 190°
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address A!l Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
M IK ACER'S OFFICE T * ?Iephon !L~?^^LH!^i
-I Ul.lCATiON OFFICE Mnrkrt nnti Third. S. F.
TVleiilion** Vrrnn 2O1.
EDITOZIIAli HOOMS 217 to 221 ?t**en*on «».
Trlpphnnr Prens 2O2.
Delivered liv Cttrrtfrn, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slneir Copln. ."« (>B»«.
T>rm« li> Mall. Inolndlnjr I'oilnc'i
DAIU CAtli (including Sunday), one ycer M-W
13AI1-Y CALL. OrxludtTijt Sunday), 6 ir-nths I.W
r>AII>Y CALI, cnclndlng Surda\). 1 months 1.50
IMIU" CALL-Bjf Single Month <*«
fcLNDAV CALL. One Tear 1-M
MJ! Kl.V CALL.. Ore Yc«r !•*>
All poMunnlrra nr«- nn(hnrl>rd to receive
• alxrrlptlona.
IT WOULD have been a painful surprise to Americans and to the world if the Presiden
tial election had ended in other result than the re-election of President McKinley.
After all is said and sung, governments have to do with the material welfare of
the people. This is not saying that legislation can create values, or make something out
of nothing, as Mr. Bryan has always contended it can, but it means that Gov
ernment may leave the people free of artificial limitation to pursue their vocations, earn
their bread and make their profits, and it. may impose or remove obstacles to their
progress. The unexampled advance made by this country under President McKinley's
administration is due to removal of the handicap of free silver and the fear of Bryanism,
as well as to the sound policies of the Government.
With our commerce suddenly swollen to larger proportions than that of the com
bined world, and with a market and a demand for our surplus which make certain the
steady employment of American labor as far ahead as one can. see; with an increasing de
mand for everything that we produce and the flow hithenvard of the world's capital to
settle its balance of trade, making it necessary for other nations to come and borrow
back the money they have paid for our goods — with all these conditions the defeat of
President McKinley would have seemed to indicate the indifference of our .people to
their material welfare and would have encouraged our distanced commercial rivals to
hope that by our stumbling they may overtake us.
Happily all of these expectations are defeated. The American people stand by the
public credit and vote for private prosperity. They want liberty regulated by law, and
a full dinner pail, rather than rhapsody, anarchy and an empty belly. The pied piper of
the Platte has piped his last, and not a rat has run nor a child followed.
. The country may now 'go about its business in peace and security, and our com
merce may safely entrench itself on the fields it has conquered, for there will be no re~
treat
Dr. L. L.. Hope of Portland Is at the
Russ.
Dr. F. H. Paterson of San Juan Is at
the Grand.
H. K. Stahl, a San Jose mining man. Is
at the Grand.
B. F. Shepherd Jr., 1 the Fresno capital
let, is at the Grand.
D. B. Hanson, a Seattle lumber man. is
registered at the Grand.
J. Haslacker, the Oakdale grain shipper,
is registered at the Palace.
H. H. Fulton, an Elmira (N. T.) mer
chant, Is registered at the Palace.
B. Hlckmott. the well-known fruli
packer of Haywards. Is at the Palace.
P. H. Thompson and wife are at the
Grand. They are on their bridal tour.
C. M. Coglan, secretary of the Stale
Board of Equalization, is at the Lick.
V. W. Hartley, a Vacaville fruit-grower,
is stopping at the Grand for a few days.
C. D. Klngman. a prominent Mlddle
boro, Mass., insurance man, is at the Pal
ace.
D. Morlarity of the United States navy
Is registered at the Occidental with his
Wife.
"C. li. White, president of the Wilder
Steamship Company. of Honolulu, Is at
the Occidental. :. "'
Colonel George R. Tingle, who went to
Alaska last spring, returned home yester
day and is at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. McQuesten are at the
Russ, having Just returned from a two
years' stay in St. Michael, Alaska.
F. A. Johnson and II. W. Clune. Nome
mining men, have Just returned to the
city for the winter and are stopping at
the Palace.
George N. Foster and wife of Spokane
are stopping at the Palace. Mr. Foster
has some extensive mining interests In
Washington.
M. C. Emerson, son-in-law of Judge
Shepherd of the United States District
Court <tt Nome, arrived in the city yea
terday from Alaska. He goes to Manila
on the next boat to meet his wife.
Former Congressman T J. Geary ar
rived from Nome last evening and Is stop
ping at the Lick. Geary is attorney for
Receiver McKenzie, whose case for ai
| l?ged contempt of court will be called to
1 day.
PERSONAL MENTION.
From the date of his marriage to Anna Gould. March , 4 .1MS. Count : Bcml
de Castellane squandered 23,000.000 francs, until the French courts_ « h
to save the remainder of the Gould millions. How the gay Count went tnro »
the money is set forth as follows: join 000
Site for marble palace.... 4 300.0UO
Chateau at Pau * 200.000
Yacht Valhalla • 1000,000
Building "Little Trianon" 40.000
Site for Charities Bazaar ' 100.000
Stable 500.000
Brlc-a-brac, Jewels and furniture 600.000
Lost on the Bourse 300,00ft
Fete a la Louis Quatorze 50 00"!
Election to Chamber of Deputies 200.000
Living expenses, etc 10O 000
Cards and racetrack. ioo'ooo
Clothes 70 000
Charity * 10 o,000
Maintenance of yacht 1 __
Total... - 60000 °
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
And he did, for this particular physician
was able to procure for his patient a situ
ation as night watchman.
"I suffer dreadfully from Insomnia,
doctor." said the patient.
"Indeed." replied the physician; "we'll
soon correct that."
"Lemme alone, Julia: If I were to
straighten up this table I couldn't find
r. thing on it until it got all mussed up
again."
"Jack, you ought to straighten up your
writing table."
"This is my son Frederick, Mr. Fos
dlck." raid Mr. Glanders, proudly Intro
ducing his five-year-old boy to his caller.
"Well. Frederick." said the caller, "do
you mind your mamma?"
" "Yes, sir," replied Frederick, promptly;
"and so does papa."— Harper's Bazar.
Little Alice had sat quietly listening to
her mamma talk to a caller. After the
caller had gone. Alice looked thoughtful
ly into her mamma's face and said:
"Mamma, you weren't allowed to talk as
much when you were Email as you do
now, were you?" — Yonkers Statesman.
The Poet— Poots, sir, are born, not
made.
The Editor-Oh, don't apologize. I never
blame a man for his infirmities.—Indian
apolis Press.
He was rather a rackety young man and
kept late hours. He was going on a long
Journey, and on bidding farewell to his
beloved he said to her:
"Darling, when I am far away, every
night I will gaze at yon star and thlnK
of thee. Wilt thou. too. gaze at yon
star and think of me?"
"I will, indeed, dearest," she replied.
"If I needed anything to remind me of
you I would choose this very star.
"Why?" he asked.
"Because it is always out so late t> at
nlsht and looks so pale in the morning. —
Pick Me Up.
THE RESULT.
FLORIDA TIMES-UNION— The com
mon opinion is that "the cost of living
constantly increases." But this is not
true because the food and clothes our
fathers bought have risen in price, but
because our standard of living has risen.
Seventy-flve dollars will buy more meat
and flour and cloth of the same quality
now than JWO would fifty years ago. but
we spend more on the table and our
backs, because we demand for each day
what were considered luxuries then or
"out of reach."
BOSTON JOURNAL— A few of the
twenty gunboats in the new naval pro
gramme may be employed in the Philip
pines, but the battleships, the armored
cruisers, the torpedo craft will be built
for service elsewhere. They cannot be
charged up to the Philippine account.
They are a general addition to that sea
power which must be developed until we
are the second nation in naval as we are
already in merchant tonnage in the world.
BALTIMORE AMERICAN— The com
mrrcial victories America has been win
ning in the tierce competition for the
world's markets have been of such fre
quency and magnitude that here at home
they have come to be accepted as a mat
ter of course. While the world stands in
amazement at our progress as a great
supply depot. American merchants and
manufacturers are going ahead with but
little ado about their movements, achiev
ing new triumphs almost daily.
BOSTON HERA LT>— Spain had a fleet
in the Phillpnines and the neighboring
seas constantly, and we must do the same.
In the event of war our outposts— the
Philippines. Hawaii. Porto Rico— would
invite attack, unless attack seemed hope
less. The fleet which It is proposed to
build would be unnecessary if we had not
expiinded. For home defense fortifica
tions have hitherto been the chief reli
ance; but now we have far away ports to
be defended.
RICHMOND TIMES— If fam© be based
on pre-eminence in some great calling and
if achievements be recognized by the
whole world, Stonewall Jackson, the
American, is more famous than Gilbert
Stuart or Asa Gray. But th.en. fame is
not to be caught and shut up in any bulla
lng, not even in the temple built for it in
New York.
ST LOUIS GLOBE-DEMOCRAT— The
X'nlted States, in aggregate wealth, pass
ed the United Kingdom years ago, which
had led until that time, and this years
figures are likely to show that the per
capita wealth is now also greater here
than it is there. The exhibit, both in pop
ulation and business activities, of the
United States during the past- ten years
Is a story of expansion In which every
American can feel a thrill of pride.
CINCINNATI COMMERCIAL. TRIB
UNE—There Is on all sides a noticeable
demand for college-educated men. We do
not believe that a college education can
do everything for a young man. but It Is
a great factor of intellectual development
and character culture for the great ma
jority of young people enabled to enjoy
its benefits. ,
ATLANTA CONSTITUTION — Other
men, following in the footsteps of An
drew Johnson, now claim credit for that
which he first fought. He will ba known
to the future as the President who. In
the hour of th<j nation's madness,
saved it from Itself, and thua became the
Defender, as the Immortal Webster was
the Expounder, of the constitution.
PHILADELPHIA TIMES— The Jockey
has his uses, and If making John Bull sit
up is one of his faculties he has gained
new values to his countrymen.
NXW YORK TRXBTTNE — With r»vcta«r
stables owned and racecourses controlled
by men of independent means, of char
acter and taste, who love the sport sim
ply as a sport, and who seek the im
provement of the breed of the noblest of
quadrupeds, horse racing is a humane,
honorable and honest thing, worthy of
the regard of people of character and
culture. With the stables and courses
conducted by mercenary speculators who
care nothing for sport and nothing for
horses, but everything for the dollar*
they can make, and who conduct the
whole business as a business of rather
shady practices, horse racing is no longer
worthy of the name of a sport, and Is
uncommonly lucky if it deserves any
better name than that of gambling.
CHICAGO TRIBVXE-If the South In
not ready to sacrifice its race prejudices
and establish eome modus vlvendl with
the colored people It must expect that
they will leave whenever they can. If
the farmers lose their help, which la
equivalent to losing their crops, they will
have onlv themselves to blame. Race
friction does not pay in harvist time.
NEW YORK HERALD-The admin
istration at Washington admits the de
sirability and value of arbitration, but
thinks the way to It will hardly b« clear
until It appear* that diplomacy cannot
reach an a^rreement. There Is som« forc«
in this. At the same time. It Is to ti
noted that the situation In Peking Is
critical, and may become perilous by pro
tracted delay.
BROOKLYN EAGLE— It Is lnter*»tln»
to note "that of the total Increase. In pop
ulation In the past ten years nearly two
thirds of It has been du« to the excess of
births over deaths and only a little more
than one-third ha* come from Immigra
tion. This healthy condition of the races
here Is encouraging to those who believe
that the day of the decline of the Teat
ness of America is long distant. If th®
birtbs and deaths were about, ecraal, as
they are in France, one might well fear
for the future.
BOSTON TRANSCRIPT— In countries
old In trade with other nations. Into which
Germany has pushed In auest of mar
kets, German merchants have found
America a quick competitor. A commer
cial friction has arisen which the methods
of th« German Government hav« Intensi
fied. As the proclaimed promoter of Ger
man trade, the German Government has
at times found itself compelled to rlv*
the German people explanations of Its 111
success which both parties knew did not
explain.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1900.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
Chinese Minister Wu says that China has learned
a great deal from America. The Minister may ac
cept the assurance that China will learn a great deal
more if she doesn't teach herself how to behave.
A Tramp Newspaper.
6
HOW CASTELLANE SPENT
$4,600,000 IN FOUR YEARS
Th* f»Torit»> for restoring life and eolor to th»
hair Is Parker's Hair Balsam.
Illndercorns. th* best cure for corns. B eta.
« ? »
AN OPPORTUNITY.— Take advant»it» of th«
round-trip steamer tickets, only ISO during So-
, vember. Including fifteen days' board at Hotel
del Coronado, the ideal summer and winter rt-
, sort. Apply at 4 New Montgomery it., city.
Good photographs of living wild mam-
' mals ana birds are so rare as to command
; high prices In the market, and the maza-
zlnos as well as thr newspapers which
print halftone supplements are usually
. glad to buy them. - - 'A-
A plan is on foot to show In vartons
German cities, beginning with Berlin, the
German exhibit at the -Paris Exposition.
This will give those a chance to sea a sec-
tion of th© exposition -who could not go
to Paris. .
Special Information mirplled daily to
business houses and public men by Xhn
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont*
gomery st. Telephone Main 1043. *
Cal. elace fruit 50c per lt> at Townsend's.*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NURSING MOTHERS
A-ant Scott's emulsion of cod-
liver oil, almost without ex-
ception. So before they get
to be mothers, eating for two
is no small tax, continued for
The emulsion not only is
food itself; it gives strength
for digesting usual food.
If the milk is scanty or poor,
the emulsion increases supply
and enriches quality.
We'll send T<m s Httle to try I f you Hk«
SCOTT & BOWSE, 409 re*rl Just*, K«T«c*^
AMUSEMENTS.
Alhambra— "Kins of the Opium Rir.R."
Calif i>rr!»— •"Whose Baby Are You."
1 "-; h.-'sni- -Vaudeville.
Grand Oj>»ra-houi"?— "A nivorce Colony."
G.-ani Opera -houFe-Ma»;riie orau Opera Company, Mon-
day <-v^:tr^. Karttabn U.
Alrazar— "lx ft 1'aradise."
«V!iiiiiM*— ¦¦< >;v«r (Joldsmith."
T-volI- -Othf :io."
Olnnpta. oomer Mzaea and FAly etr»et*-Spe(MaMe*.
Cbuiec. Zco and Theater— Vaudeville even* afternoon and
<¦¦'.-. r':^
Fts» bet's] — VnudoviVif.
Eheroan-CUjr Hall-riP.no Recital next Thursday afternoon.
6utr Baths—Open n'.cht*.
¦ in'il.-ir.S Harp Track- Pa.-en.CINCINNATI. Nov. 6.-H. G. Conlin of
this city, one of the four members of the
beard of arbitration of the International
Machinists, to-day announced that a de
mand had been made for a 10 per cent ad
vance In wages. A strike of 60,000 men Is
threatened. The settlement of the strike
this spring for a nine-hour day has been
construed by the national metal trades
to Include a reduction of pay. The men
want ten hours" pay ror nip.e hours' work.
Big Strike Threatened.
"The Cuban constitutional convention
has the honor and satisfaction respect
fully to salute the President and Con
gress of the United States and to ex
press sentiments of gratitude to the Amer
ican people."
General Maximo Gomez In a letter to
the Havana papers says he will not ac
cept office under the Cuban republic.
"As a revolutionist." he declares. "I
have always understood that from the
moment the revolution was over my mis
sion will be terminated. What remains
to be done to attain the felicity of the
land is yet a matter to be decided. Prob
lems pressing for solution must be solved
with prudence and calmness and without
the ardent patriotism that might have
been necessary at other times.
"Cuba now presents a great field for
Improvement, which must be carried out
Judiciously." £,
HAVANA. Cuba. Nov. 6.— The constitu
tional convention reassembled this after
noon and adopted resolutions to send to
President McKinley the following: tele
gram :
Accept Any Office Under the
Cuban Republic.
Maximo Gomez Says He Will Not
CTJBANS THANK THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE
Arr.o« J. Cumtr.ir.s and Oeorge B. Me- j
CleilanJ both Democratic mf-mb^-rs of the
pr^e^nt House, have undoubtedly be«=n
re^ler»i>d. InTere«=t centers in the canvass
cf O. II. P. Belxnoat in the Thirteenth \
I'isrrirt. ar.'i at 11 o'clock he was several j
hundred rotes ahead of his rival, Wiliiam •
R. Wiilcox.
NORTH CAROLINA.
rg ¦ww-wwm-w-wm-w w w w wwwwww^w^m we
RALEIGH^ N. C, Nov. <5.-The e!ect;on
la North Car<i!ir.a wsf v<t;- o.ui. t. Ro
fjri? ¦r.<li"ate tJiat Bryan's majority will
r.^t be less than ?.'••*•":
Be/en Democratic Conj?rp«« : iT2< : 'n are
elected, v.;th iwo in doubt— the Eighth
fiT.r! Nratb districts. It is almost certain
That TJ-e R^iuWicans have carried the
Ninth.
Democratic Prr>te Chairman Simons Is
• • " Tr.ited Senator, to succeed
Butler 'Pop. m !>v 4 >.•»«} over fcis oppuhtnt,
• ¦ >ral Julian S. Carr.
NORTH DAKOTA.
FARGO. N. D., Nav. ".—Returns are
coming very slowly, but early figures of
iiA" for Mt -Kinley and IftjDQQ for the State
ticket. Including Congressmen, are very
r.eariy correct, with the powiblf exception
cf Attorney General; fcr which efflre the
fuzionlsts claim the election of John Car
mody.
Ninety- »< veil precincts give lI<Klnley a
majority of against a majority of 1764
¦ >.*,
FARGO. 'N. D.. Nov. 6-Chairman
Kl^lr.egen of the Democratic State Com
mittee concedes the election of Republlca.n
electoral and State tickets with th* pos
«lb2e exception of Attorney-General.
In 37 cut of 12) precincts McKinlr-y re
ceived 2.5*); Bryan 1433. airainpt Mr Kinley.
2*2*. Bryan !**>• in I 1 **-
This proportion of loss to Democrats
l« being sustained by later reports.
ThoTr.as Marshall <R.j is certainly elect
rd Congre^Enian over M. Hlldreth.
Max tVipper. Democratic candidate for
Governor, is running ahead of hi? ttcket.
The Republican committee claims Mc-
Kinley's majority is 10.000.
OHIO.
COLUMBUS. Nov. €.— Republican Stato
Chairman Dick has given out the follow
ing statement:
•'Returns received \il> to this hour— 11
p m.— Justify claims that Ohio has siven
McKinley a plurality of from To.'KiO to fcO.
}*>. and the election of seventeen and n-.s
tlbly eighteen out of the twenty-one Con
gressmen, being a grain cf two anu proo
tblv three members of Congress.
PENNSYLVANIA.
PHILADK1.PHIA. Nov. 6.— Estimates
from ore-half of the counties of Pennsyl
rania indicate a plurality for McKinley
-A over 200,'XK). In this city the fusion of
:he Democrats with the Municipal League
rut down the Republican ticket, but J.
H Moore, for City Treasurer, and Jacob
-inger, for Register of Wills, are elected
jy more than 50,0<y>. In Montgomery and
Chester counties, where the fusionlets
•nade a strong: fight to elect nine antl
iuay members of the Legislature, they
• uffered a severe setback, the regular Re
publicans winning by large majorities.
Pennsylvania'* delegation in the next
rongress will not be less than twenty
'our Republicans to six Democrats, as
tpalnst twenty Republicans and ten Dem
rats In the present Congress.
M. B. Quay's friends are claiming they
*!I1 have a majority on joint ballot fa
.orable to his re-election to the United
states Senate and the returns would ap
j^ar to bear out this claim.
The control of the State Senate as be
prccq Quajr as<l antH^uag la la doubt.
PROVIDENCE. Nov. 6.— On an increased
vote Bryan has made considerable gains
In Rhode Island. McKinley's pluraJlty of
four year? ago was 22.97S. Only half of the
143 districts in the State have been heard
from, those missing including most of
those In the cities, with most of the fifty
r.lne in Providence. McKinley' s plurality
will be about 20,000. it Is believed. Provi
dence, which in 1*>'*> gave McKinley 8211
plurality while electing a Democratic
Mayor, "has elected Granger (D.) by a plu
mlity of less than 1000. In 1S96 every city
and town in tne State gave McKinley a
plurality. The Republican State Commit
tee admits a reduced plurality.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
COLUMBIA. S. C. Nov. 6.— A very
light vote was poll<»d in South Carolina.
The full State ticket and full Congres
sional ticket wa? elected by the Demo
crats. There was some opposition to
Bryan by prominent cotton mill men, but
it failed" to develop much strength.
SOUTH DAKOTA.
SIOUX FALI.S. S. D.. Nov. «.— No
loubt remains that the Republicans have
von in South Dakota. • Frank Crane.
?hairman of the Republican State Com
mittee, has persistently refused to be
juoted during the present campaign on
he outcome of the election, but at mid
night he said:
•"We have secured sufficient returns
from the State to show that we have
rarried the State for McKinley by from
10/(00 to 12,00/}. and that we have elected
our two nominees for Congress and the
entire State ticket. We will have a ma
jority of forty on Joint ballot In the L-eg
iFlature, Insuring the election of. a Re
publican to succeed Senator Pettlgrew.
The result has been a surprise to both
fides, as the fuslonlsts expected Bryan
to carry the State."
UTAH.
SALT LAKE. Utah. Xov. 6.— At 11
o'clock to-night it is conceded that Mo-
Kinley has a good chance to carry Utah.
Democrats do not deny that he may win.
but say If he does his majority will not
be over 1000. Republicans, on the other
hand, are claiming: all the way from 1000
to 5000 for him. Returns from outside
counties- are elow, but such as have
come In up to this hour indicate that
Utah Is In th« Republican column.
VERMONT.
WHITE RIVER JUNCTION. Nov. 7.—
At 1:15 a. m. returns had been received
from all but sixty-three towns In the State.
Thnfe will probcbly give additions to the
Republican majcrity. From the towns
which have made returns at this hour
Bryan received 13.R91 and McKlniey 33.795.
This will give a Republican plurality e«
tim.itod at .y>.C0». The net gain for the
Democrats Is about 29 per cent, while the
Republicans have a net loss of about 11
per cent.
VIRGINIA.
RICHMOND. Nov. 6.— Virginia's major
ity In favor of Bryan is about 20,000. The
majorities on the Congressional ticket will
aggregate morje than this.
The Indications are that certainly nine
and probably all of the Democratic can
didates for Congress are elected.
The Ninth District is, at midnight, the
only one In doubt and the chances there
are In favor ofjhe Democrats. There has
RHODE ISLAND.
Continued From Second Page
GIVE VOTES TOTclMEy
I with chances favoring the Quayites.
McAIeer (D.) was defeated for re-elec
tion to Congress in the Third District by
Burke <R.) by 32>>0 majority.
RICHMOND. Ind.. Nov. 6.— The assault
and robbery of John Houck, a wealthy
citizen of Centerville. a week bro has be
come murder, Houck having died to-day
from the effects of his injuries.
Murder Now the Charge.
JONESBORO, 111.. Nov. 6.— As the resull
01 a quarrel over politics John Klrby,
Democrat, was shot and killed by Jack
Thornton. Republican, at L.lck Creek.
Both were young men of prominent farr-
Uies. .
Quarrel Ends Fatally.
HOLYOKE, Mass.. Xov. 6.— William
Constable, former well-known manufac
turer and business man. committed sui
cide this afternoon by cutting his throat.
He retired from the firm of McCallum.
Constable Sr Co.. hosiery and silk under
wear manufacturers, a few years ago. He
had been In poor health.
Tt'e Cleveland was unloading her large
cargo of coal .¦when the storm came up on
Monday. Operations were at once stopped
and the steamer put to sea. The snow fell
thick and fas? and the wind howled a
hurricane when the vessel started for
Sledge Island.- No further details of how
the steamer struck upon the rocks will
be known until Captain Jounk. who com
manded her. reaches Nome. When Cap
tain ClIbbKard heard of the disaster he
sent a messenger out to the Government
transport Seward to request the captain
to steam up tho coast and render the
Cleveland any assistance possible. When
the Cleveland put to pea a huge lighter
containing 6*») packs of coal was towing
a?tern. The steamer made heavy weather
of the gale and the lighter was cut adrift.
The lighter was cut loose this side of
Sledgre Island, bo somewhere In that vl
clnlty is a carjro of coal that Is worth
more to the lucky finder at present than
a gold mine. Private parties set out in
launches, small tugs and other available
craft to search for the- lighter of coal, but
as vet nobody has succeeded In finding It.
The Cleveland was one of the best
known steamers In the Alaska fleet, hav
ing been plying between Seattle and St.
Michael and Nome for several vears.
Suicide of a Business Man.
The steamer carried a cargo of 400 tons
of coal consigned to the military authori
ties here, all of xvhlch Is lost.
Tuesday night, before th© steamer drift
ed ashore, the second officer was washed
Just how the catastrophe occurred is not
known for the reason that as yet only
meager details or the wreck can be ob
tained.
NOME. Oct. 25. via Seattle Nov. 6.-A11
that remains of the steamship Cleveland,
which drifted on the rocks about thirty
miles north of hero on Tuesday nlsrht, 13
a shattered hulk that will sink itself deep
In the drlMns sands of the beach.
Off Sledge Island.
CLEVELAND A USELESS HTTLK.
Well-Known Steamer Going to Pieces
Tom Chlng was Identified by the wit
nesses, but he denies that he fired the
shots. The wound inflicted upon Sing is
not dangerous. She was treated at the
Receiving Hospital.
Collins and Lord received a description
of the highbinder who did the shooting
from fivp witnesses, and. soon had the
shooter under arrest.
Last night Sine: ventured into Baker al
ley. She had gone but a few feet when
Tom stepped out of the shadow of a
building across the thoroughfare and rais
ing his revolver tired the two shots. Sing
felt a BtinEing sensation in the leg and
sank to th" srround. The other bullet
whizzed by close to her head.
Sing claims that Tom Is at the head of
a band of highbinders that has been try
ing to compel her to pay tribute for some
time. Recently she refused to comply
with their demands for money, and a
price was placed on her head. She was
warned of the danger that threatened her
and for the past few days has remained
Indoors.
The murderous attack was made on the
girl, the Chinese claim, because of her re
fusal to submit to a blackmailing scheme.
In which many Mongolians are implicated.
The would-be murderer was captured by
PoJIcemen J. B. Collins and F. Lord and
taken to the City Prison. i
Sing Kim, a Chinese girl, was shot, but
not fatally injured, -by Tom Chlng, a no
torious highbinder, in Baker alley shortly
after 11 o'clock last night. Two shots
were fired at Sing as she passed out of a
house, and one of. them took effect in her
leg.
Tom Ching, Alter Falling in Scheme
to Levy Blackmail, At
tempts Murder In
Hevenge.
Sing Kim Struck by One
of Two Shots Fired in
Baker Alley.
HIGHBINDER
TRIES TO KILL
CHINESE GIRL
ATLANTA. Nov. 6.— The General As
sembly in Joint session to-day elected
Hon. A. O. Bacon. United States Senator
to succeed himself.
Baron Re-elected Senator.
The Times this morning says: "The re
election of President McKinley In the face
cf a general condemnation of his policy Is
the fullest, justification of the battle the
Democracy has made in defense of popu
lar rights— a battle that begins anew to
day and will continue until it is won The
enormous concentration of capital under
corporate control has become the dom
inant power In this country. It controls
our Legislatures; it controls the National
Government; it controls our elections
Through Us countless channels of Influ
ence, by corruption, by intimidation and
misrepresentation of every kind. It has
compelled the election of its chosen candi
date against the deliberate Judgment of
the American people "
CHICAGO. Nov. 7.— Under the caption
"It Never Fails" the Inter Ocean says
editorially: "The American people at the
polls have returned a verdict of sturdy
common sense and unflinching patriotism
This was foreseen from the beginning by
every American with any understanding
of his countrymen's character. When
Imminent danger confronts the American
people they always rise and overcome it.
The Republican party entered the cam
ralgn with a firm reliance upon the cour
ape. honesty, common sense, respect for
law and devotion to the country of the
normal American citizen. It had faith
that thft sons would prove worthy of the
fathers. The American people put an end
to copperhead Ism. to ilat moneylsm and
to free silverlsm. They have delivered
themselves from Bryanlsm. a combination
of all political lunacies of the past.
BALTIMORE. Md., Nov. 7.— The Amer
ican says editorially this morning con
cerning the election: "Decencv and order.
national honor and integrity triumphed in
yesterday's election. The Kansas City
convention erred in imagining It could
dictate the relative Importance of the
questions at Issue, and the ttrst half of
Bryan's campaign was devoted to a
strenuous effort to vitalize the twin bug
bears of Imperialism and militarism,
manufactured by fabrication for the sole
purpose of enticing the votes of the un
thinking and credulous. The people's
pronunciamento is a rebuke to such
despicable methods and carries with It the
unqualified approval of the new foreign
policy, resultant upon the Spanish war.
With such indorsement as was given him
yesterday. President McKinley need have
no hesitancy in carrying his policy In re
lation to the Philippines Into vigorous
execution."
The Journal says: "We believe It to be
perfectly clear that If the country has're
jected Mr. Bryan it has done so with re
luctance; it ha? wanted Just such a Presi
dent as he would be. It has enjoyed the
prospect of exchanging a flabby nonentlty
for a chief magistrate who would domin
ate the sinister aggregations of capital in
stead of being dominated by them."
The Sun says: "By one of the most
emphatic votes ever polled this country
declared its intention yesterday to go on
as it has been going. It nolds fast to the
blessings of prosperity. It continues its
way along the path of progress. It again
repudiates the repudlators. It keeps the
nag aloft. No process of reasoning can
make of this magnificent victory anything
else than an Indorsement and approval of
the administration of President McKinley.
May his second term be as glorious, as
productive and as beneficent as has been
his first."
The World says: "Though the result of
the election verifies the judsrment and
vindiifttes the warning of the World, we
most deeply regret the wasted opportu
nity of the party and Its failure to utilize
in victory the aspirations and hopes of a
majority of the peopie whose views on
the really living: and paramount questions
it eo splendidlv espoused. We deplore the
fact that the country was not permitted
to vote directly and singly upon those
Issues."
NETS* YORK. Nov. 7.— The Herald says
editorially: "The country is to be con
gratulated on the vitally Important fact
that there Is to be henceforth no question
as to the stability of the standard on
which its mighty mercantile, Industrial
and commercial transactions are based,
and by which the wages of labor are ad
justed. After thirty years of disturbance
and doubt that fact is settled. Not less
hearty are our congratulations to the
preat Democratic party on the overthrow
of the faction which four and a half
years ago stole Its standards under which
to light for the purposes diametrically
opposed to the true Democratic princi
ples."
ley's Re-election.
I .nofflcl.il returns from the State outside
of Milwaukee cont'nue to show the rela
tive pains of trrn early part of the night,
and there is no reason to Change the ttg
urps of thp former approximate plurality
of tho Republicans, which is estimated at
1 1 n .Tui
CONGRATULATES THE COUNTRY.
Leading Journals Rejoice in McKin-
MILWAUKEE. Nov. 6.— Returns from
Wisconsin up to 10 o'clock, though com
paratively few, show on their face when
compared with the vote of four years ago
that McKinley has carried the State by a
lar^e plurality, equal to if not exceeding
the figures of 1K?(5, which were 102,612 Rob
ert M. Lafollette, the Republican candidate
for governor, is running about even with
the Presidential candiuate and is likewise
pure of carrying the State. While few re
turns have been received from the Con
gressional districts, these show the Re
publican candidates for Congress to be
running equal with the McKinley Electors
and the indications are that the Wiscon
sin o>lr nation will be solidly Republican.
One hundred precincts outside Milwaukee
STlve McKinley. 15.M1; Bryan. SSS7.
Fifteen precincts in Milwaukee give Mc-
Kinley. 6416; Bryan. 3W1. Same in 1S96
pavr. McKinley. 6515: Hryan. SS5S.
MILWAUKEE. Nov. 7,-At 1:30 this
morniner 100 precincts out of 121 In the clty
of Milwaukee give McKinley 21,492. Bryan
17,701. a net ffain for McKinley of 28. The
same precincts for Governor give La Fol
lette (R.) 21,30). Bomrloh <D.) 17 ST7 La
Foiictte win carry Milwaukee County by
00^0.
CHARLESTON, W. Va., Nov. 6.—Indi
cations are that McKinley has carried the
Ftate by SOOO, and the Republican State
ticket Is probably elected, while the Dem
ocrats will have a majority on joint ballot
In the Legislature.
WISCONSIN.
WEST VIRGINIA.
b«»en no disturbance of any kind in the
State.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1900,
7
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on the
American and European plans.
The best evidence of the popularity of
there hotels can, be found In the continued
patronage of those who on some previous
occasion ha«e made them their headquar-
ters when visiting San Francisco.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
BOLD BY ALL. CRUGGLSXS.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Paris. J. ESPIO: h'Nr Ysrk, E. FOCOEiA * OJ.
FISCHER'S co , N a c m^ R , T 0^ 0 ou -" i -
Plo Facci. 8ylTla Puerart. Cesar« Allesan-
dronl. Antonio Vargas. Adelbert and Adelaide
Frank. Frank and Cella Morris and Claire Fex-
Reaervwl Seats, ISc; Matlne* Sunday.
GRAND OPERA SEASON !
MAURICB GRAU OPERA CO.
Beginning MONDAY EVgNINQ, Nov. 12th.
AT
Morosco's Grand Opera House.
MONDAY EVENING. November 12th, at I
"* o'clock. Gounod's Opera,
••ROMEO ET JULIKTTE." (In French.)
Mmes. Melba. Bridewell. Bauermelster: MM.
Ed. de Reszke. Plancon. Bars, Sizes.
GUlibert, Dufriche. Maselro and
Saleza. .
Conductor SIr-. ManclnellL
TUESDAT EVENING, November 12th. at t
o'clock, Warner's Opera,
"TAN'XHAUPER." (In German.)
Mmex. Gadskt. Olltzka and Susan Strong: MM
Van Uyck. Blass. Bars. Muhlmann.
Hubennet, Vlvianl and Bertram.
Conductor Mr. Walter Damrosch.
WEDNESDAY EVENING. November 14th, at I
o'clock, Verdi's Opera,
"AIDA." (In Italian.)
Mmes. . Nordlca, Bauermelster and Ixsuls*
Homer; MM. Seoul. Plancon, Journet.
Maselro and Imbart de la Tour.
Conductor Sljr. ManelnellL
THURSDAY EVENING. November 15th. at I
o'clock. Gounod's Opera.
"FAUST." (In French.)
Mmes. Melba. Bauermelster, Olltzka: MM.
Saleza, Campanart, Dufriche and Plancon.
Conductor Sir. Manclnelll.
FRIDAY EVENING, November 16th. at t
o'clock, Warner's Opera.
"DER FLIEGENDE HOLLANDER," The
Flying Dutchman. (In German.)
Mmes. Gadskt and Olltzka: MM. Qlppel. Blass.
Bars and Bertram.
Conductor.... Mr. Walter Damroschf
SATURDAY AFTERNOON. November 17th. at
2 o'clock. Donizetti's Opera, ;
"LUCIA DI LAMMERMOOR." (In Italian.)
Mmes. Melba. Bauermelster: MM. Scott!, Bars,
Journet. Maaelro and CremonlnL
Conductor Sir. Manclnelll.
SATURDAY EVENING, November 17th, at I
o'clock. Wagner's Opera,
"LOHENGRIN." (In German.)
Mmea. Nordica and Schumann-Heinlt: MM.
Van Dyck, Bertram. Muhlmann and
Ed. de Reszke.
Conductor Mr. Walter Damroech.
BEATS NOW ON BALE AT BOX OFFICTJ
OF GRAND OPERA -HOUSE.
PRICES— Orchestra and Dress Circle. 17;
Back Rows of Orchestra. $5; Family Circle,
13- Gallery. $2: all reserved. Boxes, $40 to $80.
WEBER PIANOS USED.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND .OPERA MOUSE
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
LAST FIVE NIGHTS.
zsatNNi&nsi.
ONLY THIS* WEEK.
First Production on Any Stage of Sydney Ro-
senf eld's Farcical Romance of South
Dakota,
A DIVORCE COLONY.
Evening Prleee .^.....AOe. 15c. !5c 60c.
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra 73c
Matinee Prices 10c, 15c. ISc. 60c— No higher
Branch Ticket Otflce Emporium.
CHUTES ANDjZ00. I r»7& t .!ar
-¦'*. PROF. HUNT'S DOO CIRCUS.
BIO VAUDEVILLE SHOW. ;
THE, CONGO FAMILY.
: TO-MORROW NIGHT— THE AMATEURS and j
UADIES' PRIZE FLOUR DUCKING
CONTEST.
Order Seats by Phone— Park a.
. DOITOUCQ FOR BARBERS. B AK- j
Oil LJ OilHO frs, baotblark«, bath-'
****** *T** houses, billiard tables. ,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyer*, flourmllls, roundrles. laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, I tanners, tailors, etc.
BUC.iA'A.* IjRo ..
Brush^Manufnct^ircr*/ C09 Sacramento St.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALF ELLIXCHOUSB. Proprietor acd M'«T.
Phone South 779.
JUST REALIZE, the Last Week of the
B I G SHOW •
KING OF THE OPIUM RING,
EVERYTHING NEW
9IW Ssags. Daaets, Kails. 3f atlas* Satariaj.
Farewell Performance Saturday Ntjtht!
Nut Sunday Afternoon— The Popular Come-
dian. FRANK TANNKRHILL JR. and His
Own Company. Direct FVnm th* F-Mirteenth-
str*»t Theater. New Tork City, Presenting
the Gr»at Eastern Success.
"A YOUNO WIFE!"
POPULAR PRICKSl
EVENING 15c. ISc. 33c. Me and 75<j
MATINEE 13c. 25c. 35c and SOo
*TI VOL.*
LAST TIME TO-N10HT.
"OTHELLO"
raiDAT AND 9ATURDAT NIGHTS.
"TROVATORE."
PoeltlTely Final Performances of
"CARMEN."
Thursday. Sunday Nights. Saturday Itatlae*.
Next Week— "M1ONON." with CbKamarinl.
etc.
MR. McKINLEY,
"WHOSE BABY ARE YOU"
We Are Packlnr Them In ETery Nlsht. aad
They Are Seetaj; the Funniest Show
os Earth.
Honestly. You Wer.'t Lauirh. You'll Bcreaxa.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Sunday Afternoon, the Musical Novelty
of the Season.
THE ROYAL MARINE BAND OF ITALY.
Presenting Classical and Popular Music aad
Complete Acts From Op-raa.
TO-DAT AT 1:15 P. M..
LAST PAMROSCH EXPLANATORY RBO.
TAL— "DIE OOTTERDAMMERUNO. tf
RACING! RACING! RACING I
190O— WIN'IKR JIEETtNO— OOL
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
NOV. ID TO NOV. 1TTH, UJCLC3IVB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racine Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Taora-
day Friday and Saturday. Rain or aiua*.
Five tfr more races each day.
Race* «:art at 1:15 p. m. shar>
Ferry-boats leare San Francisco at 13 m. and
li:*O. 1. 1:30. S. J «> and I p. m.. eona«ctl3<
with trains stopping at the entraao* to Mm
track. Last two cars on train reaerred for
ladies and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
f*rry tickets to Shell Mound. All train* via
Oakland moU connect with Saa Pablo av«nuu
electric cars at Sexenth and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo a»ena- cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. 'These ele«trto oara
SO direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4M3 p. m and immediately after the last raco.
' THOMAS H. WILLIAM3 JR.. President.
, R. B. MILROT. 8ecr«tary.
IA/. T. HESS.
aOTA&T POi^IJ ARJ ATTOXaST.AT.LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Clans Bpreckala Bldj.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. *21 CallfornU st.. below Pvw«U,
Baa Frasolsco.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIAN
Professbnal Matinee TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— I*A.ST TTMB
STUART ROBSON
And His Excellent Supporting Company la
OLIVER GOLDSMITH
Thursday and Remainder of Week.
"SHE STOOPS TO CONQUER."
Stuart Robson as Tony Lurnpkln.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY,
FRANK DANIELS.
And His Entire X«w Tor* Company In
Victor Herttert's Latest Comlo
Opera Hit.
"THE AMEER."
SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
MATTJTEE TO-DAT. WBDXE8DAT. NOV. T.
Parquet. ISc, any seat: Balcony. 10c; Childr**.
10c, any part except reserved.
GREATEST VAUDEVILLE SHOW ON
EARTH.
THE DXTNHAM~rA MTI.Y, JESSIE
COTJTHOTJT, MAGGIE MOORE.
NORA BOYES, DOLAN AWD
LENHABB, FBELLE'S TALKING
DOGS, HOWARD AND BLAND.
WORLD and HASTINGS. JOHNSON. RIANO
and BENTLET.
BftftftWW
EVERT NIGHT THIS WEEK.
A Melodrama of the Highest Order.
LOST
PARADISE!
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week— Loti of Fun. A. M. Palmer's
Success,
"HIS ABSENT BOY"
SHERMAN. CLAY & CVS HALL.
Direction S. H. FMedlander * Co.
TO-MORROW fThun-day) AFTERNOON,
at a:15 o'clock. SECOND PIANO RECITAL by
the Child Phenomenon.
LITTLE EN in BRANDT,
Whose Successful Concert Last Week Has Set
the City Talking.
Prices— $1. "Sc. Me. Seats on sale at Sher-
man. Clay & Co."s Music Store. Entire Change
of Programme.
Ma)
Skin
yjft, Anita Cream J
i\~*/Z s " not » cos- r
LOCl/X&d' ™tictocover*
up, butarem- 2(
/'Y cdy to cure all te
/C^C' cutaneous af- *j
i - fections. It *
A//! Mi] will draw lm- K
|F F t^C^/ purities to the fc
£} m * surface, re- J
X3li4//L cased and dis- J
» colored skin £
ff in small dust- £
7( like particfes, alii promote a f
Ij new growth of skin as soft *
and e'ear as a child's. \
\ All Druggists Sell It, \
v or we will send a full sited -J
L jar, together with instruc- 5
r tions, for 50c Information A.
X and sample for 2c postage. %
)S Anita Cream &*Toikt Co^ V
i 207 Franklia St^ Los An- C
geles, Cal. i Z
iraEJEMPOKrUM. ( 5? E EMPOBITJM. i V| THE Z74POBIX72I.
£ Tooth Brushes. «Bf||Br JFR9BHtffcKfcHH HBljB Opera Cloves.
JI Imported Polished Bono flj 8]ffWM^iJPyP fBSm J° uvin Cie, finest qnal-
V- Hand e=, medium size for BHJP"*^ aarMS ™ ity; opera lengths undress-
y ladies and children; 1000 pi OOsUtenifcllle&AZAaJ** , ™ ed kid cloves; this week —
j on Wednesday 3o californu's laroest-america*s grandest store Half-price.
$ The Most Popular of 50s Chiffon Veilings $30 Tailor
| To-Day 29c Yard. Dresses $22.50.
$ j$3|§tiIPiSfo 13 ° a yard? ° f 1S * inch al1 silk ' fine q^alitj, Sixstjlesof
«^^»^i^MW closely dotted Chiffon Veiling that we closed out '^^^ newj30 dresses
* wlssapil&ttsffi from an E<astern J° bber at abont half price, is of- ?° "^^'-n 7
$ [^^^^^^^i\^ re^ f ° r thiS ay 0nl ' 7 at tllS remarka^ e P r » ce P er l|F5j7 black. dTtV,
%' "^^^^^^T'^y 211 "^ twenty-nine cents. It is the kind so exten- \i/ Un - e ra7 an^
JS sively used for hat trimmings, and there is a com- brown, ail new
§ vSsti^tt * P^ete line of colorings— black, green, roval, bluet, wdbestatjUs.
5 jSroibsis Havana, navv and black on white. The most f'A^'B'Fi uit^^A\i^!l
te . - jj i_i » , i, . , lxJ?\ ft fA\ Io * 9 an( * home-
V jii==^^^^ becoming and durable of fall styles, %^ % . 8 P UM ' aew
g for which the every-day price h 50c 29C V^^Vv poach, etoa
5 per yard; to-dav, Wedne?dav '. v"i : <!lM a n d ni'-i^T
>f , ' ¦;•:." !4,""Bsm effects, all
| Yoking and All-Overs One-Quarter Off 1 Rg% m^T-Sj
g Regular Prices. fiK ||t onl *-
J A large lot of very fine Yokings, in Lace, Tuckings, Cordings in // +\ U \ $22*50
f( Taffeta, Mo'js^eline, Point Venice. Renaissance, Glnnie and Duchesse, in «chite, b!ack / / ""X • «.\ -
| One-Quarter Off WM, *y*> stiff. V
¦ ¦__ ¦ ifeg_^ • J) Waists St. 98.
* Ladies' Shoes r*-^ Peppors and Salts 9c. iS?*ii\\*
*• $1*82* \\llj / mannfactnr- /{gg^ W »I«^. Hned, cardina', wry and black,
v I 'diW i° "0 U' 1 i er w^° w!p^ e( J to /Mils? WS??. S33 tncits aad one stvla with braid-
lirM^W '-"Sfi® mazn$^$i.s8
I "E'W'iE i%£* '^S^JM^^ Percales 6 4 c.
on 'ale Wodnwl M?\ abmthalf tha We picked up at abont half their tiIm
J? daronlvs^ mt 8:alar P rIc «« , , , * 450 pieces of standard Percales, ia de-
* «f R2 They «e a fine imitation of «t B.a» 9 . giratle dirk colors, bstj, garnet, French
e ipBiO< the very latest designs with heavy K . . ... . J ' K UBki V
| Sai O of Hair Pins. !^' £«"'*,??£ «^^^ A.%S?1oJS5;
i We bought at n .mill price a very f o °°, d J ala8 gt l °'° 93Cb; ° ar prI " 9 C *™ eomforf rJ: the entire lot on
ti large lot of wire Hiir Pins — in packagas lQ - a 'J " special sale W.dneaday, per yard O«C
Ji and boxes — which we p'ac> on sale to- _ m
J d^y at about half usual prices. ; GrOCerlCS-LiqUOrS
| J French Crink ed Hair Pin,, 3 package^. gale Qf Fpults _ Very highegt Men's
t v°l d H^ r PiD ti s> . 2 n- xe V; f c grade of T ruits * ?** n? V n . heaT^ Handkerchiefs 6c,
k Extra heavy Hiir Pins. 2 boxes 5o svrup-, 2j-D0Und tins, choice of .,,..,.
?. ' ! " pe«r» Blackberrie* Ch^rrlw It w donotfnl tf we oaa erer get aa-
t Jack Knives f7o. i -J£T*» 'T*???* PlUm " oth.r lot of Men*- Handkerchief, a,
i A big special purchase TO.DAY-Perdo.*f.7*. f$ c a» these are to -ell at 6c each. There
*C dx§& of onp and two hlaH^ To/.lf « « *« */",' , were 247 dozen In this lot; some of thea
E i^Tv- • • two Diaded Jack Sugar Corn-Fancy packed, to-day only; all whit*. «om. with colored borders in
i 'J8BI Z D ' perC ' n nany different patterns; they are a good
it 0/% ebony, bone or stag Wool Soap— 1**%* size bars; to-day, foll-<uzed hamstiteb'i Handkerchief;
5* )-J2*r handles, are placed 3 birs 20o cot one ia the lot bat what is —
V <*»**w >**7 / r.n cola t^t. Lemon or Orange Peel — Best candied worth twica to-day's price OC
*> t L nW. jf £ f I'll iul . ~ t% * a 3 it
K [ \Jn\y//j tt j j Lemin or Orange Peel; to-day, per Ih..
K WW]f Wednesday * .......I3o
% r^T "**>v ° nl T' «7^ Shredded Coeoanut- Schepp's improTed. Doll and TrOUSSCatl
% each MmC regularly 13c per lb; to-day 12o
if - Best Mixed f/utt-io-iij, ih I8o Complete for 68c.
t* Velour SamplGS 47C. Brandr-Exlr* quality, 5 years o'd: to- An O pp ort un* special this— a fan«y
t One-yard lengths of S"Mnch Velonr; d »y. full quart bottles GSo straw basket (hamper shape), with Joint-
H jast 150 piecs; a heavy, thick quality, Angelica and Tokay— Medium »weet ed doll, bbqns head and mohair wig, out-
H beantifolly patterned for coshion tops. wise*; 6 years old; to-day, per gallon., fitted with one 1 cng and one short baby
j£ chair seats, etc., a quality that is worth StmOO dresa and underwear, nursing bottle, rat-
K by the yard 75c to $1.00; on — mm Rock and R/a—Thn Tery beet; to-day, t'e. etc.; worth $1.00; special jwa
fc* special sa'e to-day only; each... **mG per quart 73o Wednesday OoO
| Men's and Boys' Clothing 7Oc on the Dollar.
v The Balance of Several Fall and Winter Stocks Closed
* Out From Various Manufacturers of High Grade Cloth"
]f Ing by Our Buyers While In New York Last Month.
K This is one of the largest and most advantageous purchases that we hare ever made. The fabrics and
X . styles are the latest. We are selling the goods now at "joe on the dollar or less.
W Men's $12.50 Sack Suits for $8.95 Men's Overcoats, worth up to 135 Boys' $3.45 2-Piec- Suits..... $2.48
£ Men's $15.00 and $17.00 Sack S tit-. ... - $17*78 Boys' $2.95 Vestee Sails ..31.37
5 $10,75 Boy»* $5 Long Pants Suits $3.98 Boys' 16.00 Yestee Suits $3.48
K Men's $17.50 Overcoats $10.85 Bays' $10 Long Pints Salts $8.98 Boy.' S-Piece $5 Vest Suits. $3.48
_^^^ PATTOSIEN'S. | PATTOSIEN^
WHY DON'T ft 1 1 yf^TTO F0R THAT
YOU TRY AH |jll Iffi f H COLD ROOM?
THE NEW BURNER HEATER L 8 uJ h b e oc o a n iSe ono to
It Csnnot Smoke. it Is Absolutely Odorless.
Has an Automatic Extinguisher. Central Draught, 300 Candle Power.
rv X ' are ""^ at l»ast $15 J V \ liv^red at your nearer
/ J5< \ \ \tot mx other stores I>«- S Asxzbk \ 'mllroad station, on S
l<?*3'+\\ I i Hvered at your door tn I -Ji£i-*Sk^. 1 | days* trial, to be re-
£;j r: rrr\£\i \ *"1th«r city or country. V 'J, -..vjw^mCV / I turned at our exprri^e
¦¦>. "^fjtcnv^T ; Note description and V f^' «^fjf*>»t^ S j IT not entirely patlsfar-
¦v. ;*i*^T size rareful'.y: x- r\ . Description: ».
>nuS^;) No 3T : — The rayt open tS^^zl^ ? " bR " lar^ e !riin as "
'^¦-- +B3r- v ' "¦ bR se, r:r.e enter. ! r ;r *^'-' !:^3*l nnished In blaok jarrfn,
<i : frames and rem v- »i'^''^f*'-C~' removable <" a r t t<-.p.
• ; ; V-'^i 1 , ¦¦''* tcj are :.¦ k -: iR-^-wfr 1 f...r.u->* ar:d foot of cyl-
iSSuAaBs^*. r'atrd. The tor cylin- fc.--'--^ --^ i Indfr are nlrkel plated.
°~-. **r".~' ieT !<i bolted to the Rl/S-fffi 'The Russia lrcn <-yl-
J ?*«£: :! oast enter piece, xihl-h i grj ilft ; iri'Ier t« hinged to the
»ju!'^-t :s -'¦'¦'"• to th<- ring t*^**^£j£2* >.it ; * and t!r« fcar-k to
• •-¦"; v; >t .- • £' ~i tios bach fc: r*- *«^-"- : *'^ l 53f* remove fount and light.
*y} ¦». «fci»w^r, tnovlns fount, lighting. I \"*'~*~%H* Height, V>4 Inches.
fcl .- > -'" x ''-' "r "'¦ T - v -* <>¦¦'-'--< . — <^53?^* Spread of feet 20 ir.ch-
"'<*¦ -" ' '<i~*- °^ Ru^^ta iron. &-->llshe<S <3g»C5r*Sy lea. \\>l«ht. crated. 32
f*$pSB33& Inches FprWad • : -- &**&&* No. ?"'i ha? full
jKSflqMWli: :r » lnrhe*. v.eifht, 'SZZst nickel base. Prlc^.^..
No. n. A £&
*£? No. 3M. with Ball. __53T
i^ (X *7 T^. That's all! j«i?^iK.
OO« C Ow, ajk^oa 1 «C^ nn H-re «* a V"*'>tB5l
for tmi «plca8U Heat- s^n. L "V^ w«vu r . w F .y|e Tr?r*5VvW*r
-- FYelp - prepaid to uF-V-ttS ;'' ''' '" ? tr *' it seller. Uj±±&Hfo~ :
' returned .;¦ ¦; -x- T*-mrn~^*t '" *'*' *~ : ~* ¦" k- KjT=-^i^^.
' ' "' --.,.•¦¦ „ tJ¥vTjfS*- " * ' • If has' a Siafl Si"* 5 *^'
; ~*"* : '"' : ** '¦''¦:- •*^ srr^tw' ' can * p - s '' y b " '~* r - STfe^Sffl^
"« — Bsjm Openwork r^f.V^ another Deycrlfticn: '5>^^«y i
C ¦ " * * ' ¦' ' • - *¦ ¦ f : £tvj II v '¦""" ¦ '•"*•"' a r. .1 Jcm lm&
Fremej.. Raj] aV!i j^.j jijgjgfe?] ,JJ. frame Mack Japan fln- S««bJ[«3*
"¦¦--¦ r *•** Tce'cVl-^ r£'^-^T!^'f-^ ' window frame. r»- f^^j^B^
tn'Jers are Pi»clc Iiuf- 1 JC>^^*~|^tfgg movahle top and bai! J -*a5sL--*$ff l *v
nni Hirge "in" the" Back!: /^*SS^&. "" frarr!e »"- d 'T' Xfr&""~*£pe\i
•.Hewing the cylinder to' l:a ' ' c> " •>'.:. tf w V®f V*
b» tipped back for re- ! V'J^t&^^Ct' * tr F a«Trr.eil In fror.t I* H
ir.fw-tna; Fount and' ££r*'^*y'^ i^£ v an Jiufrrr.atle lork. '^
L!«^it!n». and to be Heia-ht. with ball down. jc o . ST7 with Black
carri-^1 by tne Ra'l with' Xo. m. . «*'* inohes. Spread of Base.
perfect safety. lase - :2 '» inrhej. ij; 0- j;;^ f>jU Kiekel.
H«Uhl with Bail
,*£ '* tnrhe » frread The new >6>A - Patent* i
J_f B a f e . '.J inches. Burner. _^ .. .^Sii. t_i_ a
rared 3 lbs.: tUHn,,,- "Z^eg^gP ™J m '
— 'c^ nn° r: > thi " k teed , ,
V**i^2) '^unt and light. Hfirfct. * ~" *~ ' - v -v--f»*
'fe- J l5^J£?' ? ln f h< ! s «. ?: "^? <1 of A— Ik the Stop S'ut for rerouting the height
J>3S§rTi3&) ba **- U lnch< " s «*»«ht. O f r^rferated thimble.
<ynA£3f5\'2 crated. 31 rounds. B a _j c— Ar« Flame Spreader* «f thimb>.
* V—ls the ?t r Plate ;ir.,l Extinguisher com-
2f* F — 1» the Chimney Piece that lifts for llgltt-
c 4. ~ r\ . ?hiJ ! > G— Is the Burner B?(iy
O4eOU -w r,aW Th * St " p Plate D rr ' ak " U >™P«« 1 'W* »<> < u ™
Y ¦ -""V-nV" H.VtJl gvlfflfew lhe Wlck v - l0 ° h;eh - ;h ' ; -" Preventing any
~_.', w !_ '• " _ ?' l , \ ¦ Sfisrt™»a Fm k» When the w :¦ k n ;« I b: ihe
»^vn..V\:JW~-» ~,i2,J~a *KHMtWX thumb or Wick Lift P:a'.e IJ of the per-
l. o .?^ , - «^^f. t5^5?5?'J ; " ir ° : thimble wil! drop on to wick tubes and
»i[«r.s» If not exiictly -^ ]r^£r&
.' f~« fi w r** rn *^v a.V)I ?» t^t 1 . _¦ 'i^fci f* ©^Ijk K3t KEJVi BCJ3B Mr^£ H K?^ T^ C R V^t^
SE/MISJ 11PS1I FURNITURE EXPOSITION BUILDING
with anything In the 4K fgfejSwigS^
iSSTp."^. 1 * fLii-Si«4| y™*^|f Corner Siitesnth aid Mission Streets.
heater. HeljT-.t, 2$ ir.ch-i W .
pi ?rread II lr.ches Heater catalogue sent free, when you write,
TT»<ght O rounds No 3T2 ;>as* rr.er.tlon the San Francisco Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CHIIEE^HCivility in England.
The American who comes here for the
first time Is always amazed at two thine*
the civility with which the policeman
wields his enormous power In the regula
tion of the trainc and the civility of the
servant. The ultra-democratic call th*»
latter servility; but they like it all the
same. One of the things we regret In
common with all Englishman* who travel
Is the gradual extinction of those "Rood'
old hostelrles of the country towns " They
are still to be found, and are cherished
by those who know; bat tho times have
changed, and the old-fashioned style of
hostelry, where good cheer and a hearty
welcome can be reckoned upon, possiblv
does not pay.— London Express.
John Sabine Smith.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— John Sabine
Smith, the lawyer and ex-president of th«
Republican County Committee, died at his
residence here to-day, aged 58.
Norton Burned to Death.
GEORGETOWN. Ky., Nov. 6.— James A.
Norton, who was one of the Jurymen In
the Youtsey trial, was burned to death In
prison at Sadlevllle last night, in which he
had been put on a charge of drunkenness
TIES AT SAN BAPAEI*
GOLF TOUBNAMENT
Howitt, With a Handicap of
Four, Finish Even:
B. J. I>avis, Scratch, and Dr. EL *O.
SAN RAFAEL, -Nov. 6.— A large at
tendancq of fashionable people was pres
ent at the San Rafael golf links this after
noon to witness the final day's play In
the 'best hole handicap," which began on
Saturday.
The rules governing the contest were
somewhat unusual for this coast and
added Interest to the, close and exciting
game. Any number of circuits of the
links \ was allowed to each player, and
when he or she thought they had done
their very best the lowest scores made
for each hole were added together to
make the final score of the game.
The handicaps were given with such
excellent Judgment that In the men's con
test a tie wtween R. J. Davis, a scratch
man, and Dr. II. O. Howitt with 4 han
dicap was the final result. These two
gentlemen showed excellent form and the
driving of Mr. Davis, though a little wild,
was the feature of the day'% plav. Dr
Howitt played with perfect steadiness
and his coolness at critical moments
largely accounted for his excellent score.
A. A. Curtis. Major Charles Chrisensen
and S. G. Buckbee, the first two with 7
and Buckbee with 4 handicap, finished tie
forthe second place. They all made the
excellent scores of 44 and marked them
etlves as "dangerous"; for the comine
tournaments. i ¦.,¦;
Governor May Die.
MONTGOMERY. Ala., Nov. 6.— News
from Op«llka lust received Is that Gover
nor-elect Sanford le very low, with but
little hopes of recovery.
your election. I thank you for your very
courteous and honorable campaign that
you made against me."
Tyrrell Elected Senator.
GRASS VALLEY, 14ov. 6.— John R. Tyr
rell (Rep.) is elected Ttate Senator by 1100
majority and Rutherford (Rep.) to the
Assembly by 300.
COIiUBES WITH STEAMER.
Struck by Bark.
Empress of Japan Damaged by Being
VICTORIA. B. C, Nov. 6.— The railing
ship Abbey Palmer, which capsized and
sunk In San Frandrco harbor some years
ago and which has been trading in the
Pacific under her new name since as an
American steel bark, was in collision with
the Empress of Japan, one of the three
Canadian Pacific "Railroad's lmers, off the
entrance to the straits early this morn
lnr.
The Empress, which sailed from here
last night for the Orient, returned to
night for repairs in consequence of the
Occident. Sho had her bridge and part of
her bulwarks damaged and several plates
bent on tho port side. The bark was said
to have had her bowsprit carried away
and her stem, broken, but whether injured
otherwise was not learned by those on the
Empress. She was seen to square away,
and taking advantage of the breeze pre
vailing sailed up for the entrance of the
straits.
The collision occurred in the darkness
of the early morning. The Empress was
bound out at a good pace when the bark
loomed up In the- darkness and with
scarcely time for a warning cry crashed
Into the steamer. The lookout man on
tho bark was thrown on to the Empress
and fell on the cover of one of the life
boats. He was uninjured and was brought
in by the liner. The Empress will have
to go into the drydock for repairs after
her cargo has been discharged.
The Abbey Palmer was bound Into the
Sound, light, from Honolulu.
BEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary Craumer to Bella Rohrhand (wife of
Charles W.), lot on NE corner of Bush and
Laguna Btreets. E 82:6 bjr N 22:11; *10.
Julius D. Obrock to Joseph W . and bmma C.
Roe, lot on E line of Pierc© street. 100 S of El
lis. S 30 by E 90; $10.
James J. Thomas to Statla A. Thomas, un
divided 1-3 of following: Lot on E lino of
Lyon street, 125 N of Golden Gate avenue, X
25 by E 187:6, 8 12:6, W 15:7%, S 12:6. W
12l:10V6: also lot on E line of Lyon street. 150
N of Golden Gate avenue. N 25 by E 137:6; $10.
Thomas H. Day to John F. Bent, lot on W
line of Wlllard street, 100 S of Golden Gate
avenue, B 25 by W 85:2; $500. »
Annie B. Howe to James E. Bell and A. D.
Harrison, lot on SW line of Ninth street, 150
NW of Bryant. NW 25 by SW 100; *3M0.
Albion S. Perley to Matilda H. Perley. lot on
W line of Dolores street, 295:3*; N of Six
teenth. N 30. SW 293:1, S 30. XE 292; gift.
Esther Sobey (wife of E. G.) to President
and Board of Trustees of Pacific Theological
Seminary, lot on B line of Chattanooga. 260 N
of Twenty-second, N 26 by E 125; $2100.
Ida A. Mecredy (wife of Frederick A.) to
"William Tegeler. lot on W line of Churchstreet,
72 S of Dorland, W 49:6, S 88, £ 65:7, N 37:6;
$10.
Patrick Bhort to Edward P.. Joseph F., Mary
K. and Emma P. Short, lot on X line of
Geary street, 137:6 W of Powell. W 27:6 by X
137:6; gift.
Edward P. Short to Mary K. and Emma P.
Short, undivided V* of same; gift.
Joseph F. Short to game, all same; gift.
Emily Arnold to Isaac F. Kydd, lot on X
line of Delgado place, 62:6 E of Hyde, E 25 by
N 50; $10.
Vanderlynn Stow, Albert M. Drown and
William F. Herrln (trustees estate of W. W.
Stow) to Walter H. Llnforth, lot on SW cor
ner of California and Leavenworth streets, "W
20 by S 57:6, quitclaim deed; $25.
Mary V. and Frank S. Malone to Emlle
Boesch, lot on NW line of Minna street, 74 NB
Of Second, XE 22 by NW 60: $3500.
Jeremiah Collins to Patrick M. Collins, lot
on X line of Minna street, 103 XE of Eighth,
NE 20 by NW 80; $2.
Catherine Fagan to James F. Martin, lot on
SE line of Natoma street, 100 XE of Ninth,
XE 25 by SE 75: gift.
Thomas W., Katherlne A., Christopher C.
and Lily A. Rivers to Henry L. and Charlotte
Kummer, lot on E line of Utah street. 150 8
of nineteenth (Butte), S 25 by E 100; $10.
John Center to Richard O'Neill, lot on SB
corner of Sixteenth (Center) and Vermont
streets, E 50 by S 100: $10.
John E.' and Margaret C. Hill to Joseph
Duff lot on X line of Twenty-fifth (Tolo)
street, 50 "W of Mississippi, W 25 by N 100; $10.
George F. Lyon to John C. Hayes, lot on W
line of Mississippi street, 175 X of Twenty-fifth
(Yolo), N 25 by "W 100; $10.
Baker & Hamilton (a corporation) to John
E. Shoemaker, lot on B line of Clement street,
100 W of First avenue. W 7:6 by S 75; $375.
Jens AmSeruen to Solomon Getz, lot on X
line of J street, 32:6 W of Eleventh avenue.
W 25 by N 100; also lot on W line of Eleventh
avenue, 150 X of J street. X 25 by "W 120: also
lot on TV line of Eleventh avenue, 250 8 of I
street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Alameda County.
Mary Bold (wife of Jacob H.) to Katie Bold
(wife of John L..). lot beginning at a point 180
NE from a point In center of old county road
from San Antonio to San Leandro at W corner
of lands of Ford by deed of October 31, 1859.
thence XE 125 feet, SW 3.95 chains. SW 125 feet,
NW 8.95 chains to beginning, subject to right
of way over & strip 25 feet wide along W line of
above portion of A. M. Peralta. San Antonio
rancho. Brooklyn Township; $10.
George Scott to Walter K. Davles. lot on NW
line of Wilson avenue, 193 NE or Vernon ave
nue. NW 145 by NE 65, lot 6. East Frultvale
Tract. Brooklyn Township: $250.
B. Kelsey to Delia Woodmansee, lot It. block
D, on corrected map of subdivided blocks D
and E, ' Champion Tract, Brooklyn Township,
quitclaim deed; $W.
James F. Morrisey to John A. and Alice M.
Hurley, lot on E line of Bay street, 31:3 S of
Eagle avenue, S 3i.:3 by E 125. being portton
of lots 10 and 11, block E. Taylor & Page Tract,
Alameda; }10.
' John W. Jarvis to Annie A. Brewer (widow)
and Kate C. Lubben (wife of George T>.). lot on
S line of Pacific avenue-, 1S1 E of Webster
street, D 82 by S 153:9, portion of AughlnbaugJi
223- Acre Tract, Alameda; gift.
Kate McGowan to Joseph A. MeGowan, lot
on N line of Taylor avenue, 167 E of MePherson
street (now called Ninth street), E 60 by N
136:6, Alameda: $1500.
Joseph A. McGowan to Violet G. McGowan,
same; $10.
Thomas and Elizabeth Gllsenan to Annie M.
BrainarJ (wife of G. I*), lot on E line of
Grove street. 90 S of Parker, S 40, E 139.65. N
39.90. W 176.62 to beginning, being lot 12. block
12. Shattuck Tract Man 4. Berkeley; $10.
S. S. and H. R. Quackenbush to Arretta X
Fell, lot on S line of Virginia street. 225 E of
lx» Roy avenue, F, 50 by 8 125. lot- 10, block IS.
Daley's Scenic Park. Berkeley; $10.
James H. and Lizzie S. N. Young to Ole Ole
sen T ", lot on W line of Laurel street, 160 S of
Clit;ton avenue, 8 40 by W 130, lot 9, block
BV Belvue Tract, Alameda ; $10.
Bertha Esche to. A. D. Wilson, lot on N cor
ner of Mather and Howe streets. NW 250 by
NE 200, being lots 3 to 6. block 2, Map of the
Howe Tract. Oakland; $l6.
Margaret A. Vogler (wife of John F,) to
Carrie L. Rowell (wife of Harry E.), lot on
N line of Auburn avenue (or Forty-seventh
street. 372 E of San Pablo avenue E 129:6 N
203. W 123:6 S 206 to bninnlncr. being a portion
of lot 3. Map of Cocseshall Tract, Oakland
Township; $10.
SONOMA.
SANTA ROSA. Nov. €.— It Is hard to
give definite reports of this county, but
the latest returns show that McKinley
has carried the county by at least 800
plurality. Coombs (Rep.) received about
600 majority over Farraher (Dem.). In
ii S1 ,^ leenth Assembly District Crom
well (Rep.) is elected by more than 400
majority over Connolly (Dem.). The
Seventeenth Assembly District is very
close, but the Indications are in favor ol
I^atlmer (Rep.) over Cowan (Dem.). Three
Supervisors are to be elected In the cou-i
ty and It now looks as If Hart (Dem.).
Olynn (Dem.) and Austin (Rep.) have
won.
The city of Santa Rosa «gave McKinley
a majority of 34, Coombs '(Rep.) for Con
gress a majority of 55 over Farraher-
Cowan (Dem.) for the Assembly 52 ma
jority over Latimer (Rep.). Petalum*
City gave McKinley 107 majority, Coombs?
(Rep.) 101 majority and Cromwell (Rep.)
for the Assembly 205 majority. '
STANISLAUS.
MODESTO, Nov. 6.-Nineteen out of
twenty-two precincts in Stanislaus
County give Bryan 180 majority; Crelgh
ton (D.) for Congress, 60 majority; Haley
(D.) for the Assembly, 82 majority. These
Democratic Supervisors are elected: W*
F. Coffee, J. W. Davison, M. A. Lewis
and A. E. Clarj'. The three precincts not
heard from will not materially change
the result.
NEWMAN. Nov. 6.— Newman precinct
gives Bryan 145: McKinley 119; Crichton
146; Needham 121; Haley "133; Scoon 103"
Clary. Supervisor. (D.) 220.
SUTTEE,.
TUBA CITY, Nov. 6.— Returns from all
tut five precincts In the county show Re
publican gains. McKlnley's majority U
about 150. Woods, for Congress will get
about 100 majority, and Schillig, for the
Assembly, about the same. The Repub
licans elect two Supervisors.
TEHAMA.
RED BLUFF, Nov. 6.— Fourteen pre
clnts out of thirty-two heard from give
McKinley 814, Bryan 724. For Congress
man, Coombs (R.) CS7, Farrahar (D.) C57.
For the Legislature, Gans (R.) 8S9, Mc-
Glnnls (D.) 779.
TRINITY.
WEAVERVILLE, Nov. 6. — Trinity
County complete gives' McKinley 21,
Coombs 54 and Gans (R.), for Assembly
man, 29 plurality.
TTJLAHE.
VISALIA. Nov. 6.— The Democratic
Presidential Electors carried this county
by about 800 majority. For Congress.
Crichton (Dem* leads Needham (Rep.) by
400. For Assemblyman, Devinson (Dem.)
leads Cairns (Rep.) by 150. In the Third
District Moffett (Dem.) Is elected Super
visor by 100, and in the Second District
Twaddle (Dem.) is elected by 50.
TTJOLUMNE.
SONORA, Nov. 6.— Nineteen precincts
out of thirty-one in Tuolumn© County,
Including Sonora and Columbia, give Mc-
Kinley 6P2. Bryan 815. For Congress,
Woods (R.) 637, Sproul fD.) 793. For the.
Assembly. Shafer (R.) 702, Ray (D.) 736.
The Republicans will elect three of the
four Supervisors.
VENTTJBA.
VENTURA, Nov. 6.— Returns from
twenty-one precincts out of twenty-nine
at 11 o'clock give the following results:
For Elector, Shortridge (R.) leads Sea
well (D.) by 280; for Congress. McLach
lan (R.) leads Graves (D.) by 277; .for
State Senator, Greenwell (R.) wins over
Sheridan (D.) by G91; for Assemblyman,
Clark (R.) Is elected over Shepherd (D.)
by 352 majority. Thomas C. Gabbart (R.)
Is elected Supervisor In the Fifth Dis
trict; F. Hartman (D.) in the First Dis
trict; D. A. Smith (R.) has probably de
feated Ayers (D.) In the Thlro. District.
The prohibition ordinance In twenty-one
precincts carried by *522. Four years ago
this county grave McKinley 80 majority.
YOLO.
WOODLAND, Nov. 6.— It Is Impossible
to get reliable returns, but Bryan, and
Freeman, Democratic candidate for Con
gress, will have small majorities. The
Assembly flght Is very close, with the
chance^ In favor of Chiles (D.). The Re
publicans elect one Supervisor, Hopping
in the Fifth, and the Democrats elect
Snider In the First. The Fourth District
1? In doubt.
YTJBA.
MARYSVILL.E. Nov. 6.-Slxteen pre
cincts out of .twenty-one give McKinley
878. Bryan 73S. Woods 738, Sproul 818, Schil
lig (R.) for Assemblyman 753, Stabler (D )
829. The five precincts to hear from will
probably swell McKlnley's majority to
200. A. C. Irvine is elected Supervisor over
J. Peiffer by 61 majority.
A highly Interesting and valuable series
of lectures on "Greek Art" (Mycenaean)
Is now being given at Berkeley Univer
sity by Professor Louis Dyer of Oxford,
England.
The lecturer Is one. of the foremost au
thorities en Greek art and handles his
subject In lucid, direct and at the same
time exhaustive, fashion. The course is
divided into eight lectures, five of which —
"Introductory." "The Cretan Alphabet."
"Dr. Schllemann's Excavations." "Old
Gnossos" and "The Labyrinth of Minos*
— have already been given. The remain-
Ing subjects, which will be treated this
afternoon (Wednesday), to-morrow and
Friday afternoons at 4 o'clock are "Myce
naean Greek Art." "Mycenaean Lights on
Homer" arid "Mycenaeans In Egypt."
The annual autumn exhibition of the
Hopkins Institute of Art will open next
Wednesday evening, November 15, with a.
private view and reception to members.
Amedee Joullhi this week exhibits In one
of the local galleries a large Monterey
subject, with sandhills, blue sky and a
great broken pine for central Interest.
The sky lacks depth, shimmer— it seems
to be high noon time o* day— but there is
strong, good color In the picture and the
gnarled and twisted tree-giant has an al
most human air of desolation.
Thaddeus Welch has a small Marin
County sketch in town this week, with a
charming out-of-door atmosphere about
It. In the same gallery a clever portrait
sketch of a girl In a well-managed pink
gown, by illss Blanche Letcher. Is
shown.
Almost every day sees some new Im
provement In the color printing process,
and the most subtle and delicate effects
are being reproduced, by one method or
another, with an extraordinary fidelity.
There Is an Interesting opportunlty
for comparison between some old
and new color printing In one of
the galleries this week, where some
of the old English Newhouse prints
(about 1845). with others of the same pe
riod, a Cecil Aldln, modern English and
some Henry Rivieres, modern French,
are to be seen. The older prints have
gained tone with the years, and certainly
lost much of their initial crudeness, but
the work of to-day In the same direction
Is vastly superior. The Aldin Is a charm-
Ing old English subject, "The Tollgate,"
and Is on the Caldecott order. The French
prints, by Riviere, are by no means so
good from an artistic standpoint, though
a view of Paris under the snow seen from
the fretted roof of Notre Dame • has a
certain grotesque novel air that Is rather
attractive.
ART AND ARTISTS.
SCHLECHT TALKS OP
THE ISTHMIAN CANAL
Says Two Years' Work Can Be Saved
by Accepting the Panama
Eoute.
NEW YORK. Nov. Schlecht
of the Nicaragua Canal Commission" was
a passenger on the steamship Finance,
which arrived from Colon to-da>.^ He > s
the last of the commission to return. Hia
headquarters on the isthmus were In the
G °i g have S b C e t en n on the isthmus seventeen
months," he said, "and have studied, both
of the proposed routes. The commission
studied both of them carefully, and in its
report will Impartially consider the merits
of each. Both routes have many advan
tages. Should the Panama route be
chosen two years' work will be saved.
Most of the obstacles In the way of build
ing the canal can be overcome by en
gineering skill. I do not believe the. Pan
ama people will finish the canal In years.
Its estimated cost Is $100,000,000. while the
company is spending only about 51.0w.OJ0
a year. The cost of the n«w canal will
be about $150,000,000."
Mr. Schlecht went to Washington soon
after landing.
-<. Graves will not beat Mcl-achlan mop
han 200 at the outside, notwithstandlnj
hat the Spanish- American vote, which is
tepubllcan, went to him. John, the Re
ublican candidate for the Assembly, is
beyond doubt elected by 200 over Breck
ott, th» tusion candidate. Payne, the
Democratic candidate for Supervisor, Is
elected over Scott. Republican. In the
Third District by about 50. Smith, fu
sion, wins over Bean. Republican, in the
Fifth District, by about the same major
ity. Returns from sixteen precincts give
McKinley 21 majority. Graves, Democrat,
is ZU ahead of MeT-aehlan.
SANTA CLARA.
SAN JOSE. Nov. C— This city and Santa
Clara County rolled up the largest Re
publican majorities in their histories to
day. McKinley and Roosevelt will carry
the county by 2ii00 and possibly more.
Four years ago the Republicans carried
It by 1400. Every candidate on the Re
publican ticket Is elected, with the
possible exception of J. S. Tor
rence. Republican. for the As
sembly In the Fifty-fourth District, who
was defeated by Eli Wright, the Good
Government League candidate, who was
indorsed by the Democrats. This state
ment is given out by Dr. Southworth,
chairman of the Republican County Cen
tral Committee.
The returns are coming In slowly and
most of the city will not be counted be
fore morning. Shortridge. Republican
candidate for Elector, will lead Seawell,
Democrat, by 2000 In this county.
REDWOOD CITY, Nov. 6.— For Elector
Ehortria'ge wins over Seawell In San Ma
teo County by 600. Loud beats Henry by
about 200. . Brown (R-) was elected As
•«nblyman without opposition. For Su
pervisor First District, J. T. Eikerenkot-
SAN STATEO.
STOCKTON. Nov. 6.— San Joaquln Coun
ty complete gives: McKinley, 3561: Bryan,
S1GO. For Congress — Woods (long ?erm).
"633; Woods (Fhort term). 3583; Sproul (long
term). 3178: Sproul (short term). 3140. The
Republicans carry the county ticket, elect
ing the Senator, one Assemblyman and
three Supervisors. TThe Democrats elect
one Assemblyman (Kincaid), in the coun
try district.
SAN JOAQUTN.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. S.-Wlth two pre
cincts in the city and about twenty In the
country yet to hear from the McKinley
Electors have a plurality of 700 In the
county. Needham. for Congress, has a
plurality approaching 800 over Crlchtoi
<D.) . F. W. Barnes (R.), for the Assem
bly In the Seventy-ninth District, Is elect
ed by about 450 over Woolman (D.>, and
C. R. Stewart for Assembly in the Eight
ieth District has at least 550 votes over
Clancy (D.). The contest between
Dane/ (R.» and Conkllng (D.) Is so close
that It will take the precincts not yet
heard from to decide It.
SAN DIEGO.
FAN BERNARDINO, Nov. 6.— Returns
ccme In slowly. Only thirty-six precinct*
out of sixty-three have been heard from.
For Elector. Shortridge <Rep.) has 30 ma
fority ever Sear.ell (Dem.). For Con
gress. Neodham (Rep.) has 190 majority
over Crichton (Dcm.>. For State Sena
tor. Caldwell (Rop.t has 36 majority over
Keaerve (D«n.). For member of the Ar
femhly. Spventy-cighth District, Swinj?
(Dem.) has 267 majority over Bennlnk
(Rep. i. For Judge of th*> Superior Court.
Bl^dF-v* 'Dem.) has 264 majority over
Benrett (Rep.). There are three Super
vipers to elect, but returns are not suf
ficient to make any calculations.
SAN EESNABDINO.
HOXXI8TZR. Nov. «.— Thirteen pre
rircts complete, out of nineteen, give Mc-
Kinley 4f5. Bryan E83. For Congress—
<"richton <D.) 5i:<. .\>fdham (R.) 431; Flint
< H. •. joint Senator, Gil: Alexander (D.)
437: Hi? by (R. >, for Assemblyman, X?;
<'urn!r.s (D.» M5. The Supervlyors
electee: are: I'orry (Ind.) and Prescott
«D.t. With p.'-rtlal r^tiirns from the re
maining precincts Flint's majority for
joint F^nator In Sin Ber.lto County will
be more thp.n ',-¦':. Efleby^a majority will
lx- 7S. Trynn's majority of 2J'J in 18?6 Is
cut dotvn to iiO.
For B«p«fTteor Second District— William
Mcl-f.ufch'.iri <D.i HI, William Kent (Ind.)
302. W. It. Joties <R.i D: Tliird District—
M. J. IMllman <R.t 149. David Ahern <!).)
: Frurth iJistrict— William Curt's (R.)
306, Morris Krooke <D.i 443.
SAN BENITO
K«»r Afffsibivma;i- Twenty-first Dis
trict. Jud««on S. Bru«ie «R.) 155, I^ouis
fireber »U.t 2ZX: Twentieth District. Grove
L. Johrson (R.» 012. If. A. Dek-w (D.) 439;
7 wiit > -second District. Waller W. Greer
(R.i 7*2. T. H. McLn-rby «D.) 5>*0.
SACRAMEKTO.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 6.— The returns
from both city and county are slow in
coming In. At 11 o'clock three precincts
out of seventy-one showed on complete
count the following:
T"or Elector— Stion ridge (R.) 14:*5. Sea
woll <D.» 12«>.
For CongTes--?— S. D. Woods (R.) 1354,
J. D. Fprcul iD.) 133.'..
Kor fctate senator— R. T. Devlin (R.)
141*. Ciillis Dotv «D.> LS8C
For Superi<r Judge— J. R. Devine (R.)
liefi. Peter J. Shields <D.» 1CS1.
UIVERSIDK. Nov. C— McKinley'B ma-
Jnniy in Riverside County will be more
than SX« and r^ttirns so far show Need
ham running slightly ahead of the ticket.
All Republican candidates In the county
are elected.
BIVERSIDE.
ATBt'RN. Nov. 6— For Elector, Short
ridge «Rep. i leads Seawell <D.) by 22".
vote* in this county. For Congre.-s
Woods (R-^p.) has 15» over Sproul. For
State Senator U&rdner (U.) leads Tabor
(».» by :T5.
PLACER.
For State Senator. Ca'.dwell <R.> over
Me serve d).). 313. For Assembly. D. W.
Haff>on <R.j over W. II. Spurgeon (.D.),
1J*.
SANTA ANA. Nov. 6— KIghteen precincts
out of thirty In Orange County give tha
following majorities: McKinley over
Bryan. 209; for Conrre??, Needham <R.)
over Crichton »D.». Z32.
ORANGE.
NEVADA CITY. Nov. 6— The returns of
the election ir. this county are coming In
Flowly, but It is olalm<?d by Sherman M.
Mar?h. chairman of the Republican Coun
ty Central Committee, that William Mc-
Kinley will harv a plurality of over €00
Jn the" county, ar.d from returns so far re
celvd he has i l«»ad of »X> votes. In the
Twelfth Assembly District Rutherford
• R.» has a majority go far as reported of
236 over Kites <D.». For Supervisor of the
First District. Nevada Township. William
H. Martin (D.) has u lead of 13£ over J. M.
Bufhnjrton cR.i. In the Second District
Charles J. Miiler <D.) has a majority of SD
over D. E. Matteson <R.>.
NEVADA.
NAPA. Nov. <"..— Returns received from
different precincts at 11 o'clock to-night
ir. this county indicate that the Republi
can candidate? will receive majorities as
follow*: Kcr Elector, <Rej>. »
160. For C'inKi*-.-'*. Coombs tRep.) 8t>) over
Parraber (Deni.t. For State Senator, Cor
lmt iRcn.i Zfri over Ker.yon (Dera.i. For
AfffKhlvmar. WVblur <Uep.t WO over
Boyd tl>em.). F. W. Bush Is elected Su
pervisor.
NAPA.
SALINAS. NOT (',.— Tv.enty-Fev^n out of
forty-five precincts in Monterey* County
pive McKinley Id majority. For Congress.
(Jraves (D.> leads M^I^achlan iR.I by .^t.
For Pu.te Seraior Alfxa:id<»r iD.) wins
over Film <R.» by 75. For A??erablyman.
Fe'.lz (D.) is "Icr'.ed over Searles <R.) by
ftbout 300 majority. Keef tl>.i Is elected
Sheriff ever Ai'bott by 300. Mann. Casey
and Field arc <-'.*-<-t*-d Supervisor*. Sev
eral prfc!not.« ;<t« not heard from yet, but
It is conceded the county will go Demo
cratic by !t>).
MONTEREY.
MERCED. Nov. 6.— Twelve precincts
out of twenty-three in Merced County
jrlve the following: For Elector: Short
ridg-e iR.>. 477: Seawell <D>. 651. For Con
gress: Neeciham <R. ), 4T!; Crichton (D.).
CIS. For Assembly: Schoon <R.). 201;
Haley iD.h 4'6. TJ'p county officers elect
ed probablv are E. N*. Rector. Superior
Judeo: Ha.roilton. Whltworth and Price
for Supervisors.
ICZRCED.
PcaweJ! by 167. For <"ors:re«s. Fir^t Dis
trict, Coombs (R) leads Fmraher bv ISO.
For Assemblyman, lianer. <K. t is elected
over Ruddock <D.» by 74 majority. Smith,
Flanagcn and luiman iD.I a.r«- elect ed Su
pervisors. Thl«= coven twenty-five pre
cincts out of fifty-three.
MENDOCIirO.
TKIAH, Nov. 6-Followins Is the re
sult of the election to-day in Menciorino
County as far as heard from up to 11 p.
m.: For Klector. Phortridpe <R.) teads
MARIPOSA. Xov. C — Returns so far re
ceived give Bryan a majority of CS in this
county, Sproul, for Congress, Is 225 aheid
of Woods.
MARIPOSA.
the Joint Senatorshlp. Wilkins carried
the county by 172 votes. The complete
return? received at midnight were: Mc-
Kinley K83, Bryan 901. Coombs 1630. Far
rahar 1001. For the Assemoly. Atherton
<R.) 1339. Haydcn <D.) 1290. The Super
visorial contests resulted In the election
of C. J. Dowd (D.) In the Third District.
F. J. Murray (D.) In the Second District
and Henry Goudy iR.) in the Fourth. In
the Joint Senatorial contest Belshaw came
Into this city with a good majority from
the outside county, but the heavy work
fione by the Wilkins faction In San Ra
fael through the day turned the tide and
gave the iatter the county.
ter (R.) Is elected: Tbird District, P. H.
McEvoy (D.); Fourth District, J. Debene
dettl (D.).
SAN LUIS OBISPO.
SAX LUIS OBISPO. Nov. 6.— Complete
returns from sixteen precincts and par
tial returns from twelve more Indicate
t»»at Bryan's majority in this so-called
Populijtic county will not much exceed
they did not want a henchman of Dan
Burns to sit on the bench of Kins*
County. The returns are all In except
from one small precinct and Judge
Short's majority over Cosper Is 107.
The fiffht for Superior Judge of this
county has been a bitter one from the
start. Cosper came here from Tulare
about two years ago to run for Judge,
and the machine element of his narty
tried to force him upon the people of this
(R.). for the Assembly, will have a plu
rality over Kellogg (Ind.) and Williams
(D ) of about 100. This city will give Mc-
Kinley about 200 majority. The result In
the First. Third and Fourth Supervisorial
districts is very close. The Republicans
concede the First to the Democrats. A
few votes, not exceeding 50, were cast for
Wilshire (Social Democrat) for Congress,
and perhaps fifteen for the Prohibition
candidate.
SANTA CRUZ.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. C— Out of forty
three precincts thirty-three have been
heard from. For Elector Shortridge (R.)
leads Brown (D.) by 400. For Congress
Mcl-achlan (R) leads Graves (D.) by 375.
For State Senator Hyrnes (R) has 450 plur
ality over Thornton (D.). For Assembly
man Radcllff (R) has 500 over Leonard
(D). For Supervisor In San Lorenzo dis
trict there was a tie vote between George
Root (R.) and J. Ball (D.). In Soquel dis
trict. J. D. Estey (R.) is elected, and in
Branciforte district J. S. Collins (R.) wins.
The "faloon or no saloon" fight has been
very close. It is thought that the saloon
will carry by a email majority.
SHASTA.
REPDING. Nov. 6.— Meager returns from
outside precincts, with complete figures In
Redding and Keswlok, indicate that
Bryan carried the county by a decreased
plurallty-probably by 500. against 746
four years ago. Coombs for Congress
runs behind the head of his ticket. Hub
barfi (D.), is, elected to the Assembly.
KLSWICKf Nov. 6.— Keswick's two pre
cincts give McKinley 210, Bryan 331, a
slight Democratic gain.
SIERRA.
SISKIYOTT.
DOWXIEVILLE, Nov. 6.-Incomplete
returns from Sierra County precincts give
Shortridge 156, Seawell 99. For Congress
the same precincts give Coombs (R.) 157,
tarraher (D.) 94. For State Senator. Tyr
rell (K.) 157. Moody <D.) 95. For Assembly
man, Irish (R.) 172. Fritter (D.) 77. These
returns indicate that the entire Republi
can ticket will receive a majority of 250
In Sierra County.
YREKA. Nov. C— Stsklyou County will
give pluralities as follows: For Elector-
Shortrldge (R.) 150 over Seawell (D.): for
congress- Coombs (R.) DO over Farra
her (D.»; for Assemblyman— Berry (R.)
10 over Duffy (D.). County officers elected:
V'i^ er c Isor "^ F i r5:t D1 *trict, E. B. Williams
OX): Second District. Weed (R.); Fourth
District, Gardner (R.).
SOLANO.
SUISlTJC, Xov. 6^-The election in So
lano County resulted in a clean sweep for
the Republicans, with the exception of
two Supervisors. Following is the resuit
or the vote: For Elector. Shortridge (R.>
leads over Sewell CD.) by 841: for Con
fr/f\ M « tca! * ( R -> wins over Freeman
(D.) by 944 majority: for State Senator.
I^uchslnger (R.) is elected over Shirley
PX by 9(y7 ma Jorit.v; for Assemblyman.
Anderson m.) is elected over Kilkenny
(R.), D. M. Fleming <D.> and J. E. Sulli
van (D.) were elect etl Supervisees.
CONTINUED FROM FOTJRTH PAGE.
BIG MAJORITY IN CALIFORNIA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER T, 1900.
gaily compelled "to Bend 100 herrlnsr year
ly to the Sheriffs of Norwich, baked in
twenty-four pies or pasties, thence sent to
the lord of the manor of East Carlton.
who Is to convey them to the King." They
are still sent to the Queen's clerk of. tha
kitchen. — Newcastle Chronicle.
county. The better element of the Re
publican party refused to Bwallow such
a dose and one more of Dan Burns' fol
lowers has been sent to his political
graveyard.
While a number of Republicans sup
ported Judge Short, there were sonr?
Democrats who supported Cosper. Dlxon
Phillips, who went into the Democratic
convention and was defeated oy Judge
Short for the nomination, . bolted his
ticket and was on© of Cosper's chief lieu
tenants.
BELSHAW VICTORIOUS
IN ELEVENTH "DISTRICT
Elected to the Senate Despite the
Strenuous Opposition of Rail
road Interests.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 6.— The latest re
turns from the Kleventh Senatorial Dis
trict show that Belshaw, the Republican
.candidate, has been returned by 150 ma
jority. Belshaw carried Contra Costa
County by about 500 votes In the face of
the strong and vicious opposition of the
railroad Interests, which have persistently
fought him from the outset of the cam
paign.
In Marin County Wilkins, the Demo
cratic candidate for the Senate, had the
advantage of some strong local Influences
and carried the county by 172 votes, ¦
Belshaw's victory Is a well deserved
tribute from an appreciative people to an
able and faithful representative.
The following telegram was sent to Mr.
Belshaw by Mr. Wllklns to-night:
? "Please accept my congratulations upon
Loud is running behind the Electors
ticket, but the Republicans claim he wll
lead Henry, Democrat, In the county b:
M0.
Louis O'Neal. Republican. Is elected
Senator in the Thirty-first District with
a plurality of 700 over James Carson,
Democrat, and W. P. Lyon, the Good
Government League candidate.
For the Assembly George H. Anderson.
Republican, Is elected over J. J. McLaurln.
Democrat. In the Fifty-fifth District by
600; George S. Walker, Republican, de
feats Leonard B. Fowler, Democrat. In
the Fifty-sixth District: Ell Wright.
Good Government League-Democrat, Is
probably elected over J. S. Torrence, Re
publican, in the^Flfty-sixth District.
Judge A. L- Rhodes, who had the Re
publican and Democratic nomination for
Superior Court Judge. Is elected without
opposition. Martin Murphy. Democrat,
Is elected County Auditor. The Repub
licans made no nomination. Owen D.
Richardson. Democrat, defeated A. F.
Hoehner. Republican, for City Justice of
San Jose. For Supervisors Paul P. Aus
tin Is elected in the Second District over
T. H. Derby, Democrat, by 400; Fred M.
Stern. Republican. defeats Timothy
O'Neal, Democrat. In tho Third District
by 300, and F. W. Knowles is elected over
M. Farrell In the Fifth District by 500.
SANTA CLARA. Nov. 6.— The vote in
Santa Clara follows: McKinley, 2S3;
Bryan. 289: Ijoud, 218: Henry. 341; Tor
rence. Republican. Fifty-fourth Assembly
District. 253; Wrifcht. Democrat. 257.
SANTA BARBARA.
SANTA BARBARA. Nov. 6.— About half
the precincts of" this county have turned
in official reports. McKJnley will carry
the county by possibly 300 majority. Mc-
Lachlsn (R.). candidate for Congress, has
235 majority over Graves (D.). Greenwell
(R.), for State Senator, will have a ma
jority of 250 over Sheridan (D.). Merritt
- Herring Pies for Victoria.
The arrival of the Yarmouth bloater sea
son Is a reminder of a curious custom that
B tlU survives, by which the town Is le-
ZINGS COITNTY VOTERS
SEPTTDXA.TE COSPER
HANFORD, Nov.( 6.— Tha people of
Kings County showed by their votes that
8
Sale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
where elegance and economy combine.
dress goods department,
we want to interest you in a line of 36 inch fancy plaids, principal^ because we can give you t:-t •
an actual 50c quality for 35<I < «
the plaids come in eight handsome combinations of colors— in small designs especially suitable for misses'
and children's dresses.
tHe bis selline at the dress goods counters vesterday left, the stock at six o'clock in some confusion, and
particularly the all-wool broadcloths, which seemed to be in unusual favor. However, everything: will be in
its place ajjain by q o'clock this morning and we shall be triad to quickly show you this superb fabric for tailor
suits — we have it $1 inches wide, in new shades of scray. castor, mode, brown and blue, at, per yard..$l.OO
do you know the Arnold knit goods? if not, better ask to see them— for women and especially children.
we make a specialty of Hudnut's toilet goods simply because we have great confidence in their superior
merits.
if out o? town, we want your mall orders.
economy in rugs and mats.
fresh re/ays of extra value hosiery.
Market street, near Sixth, opposite Go/den Gate avenue.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Cure of Gonorrhoea. Gloats.
. Strictures an:l nnnlogous complaints
of the Organs of Generation.
rrlc» «1 a botU*. for uU by OraotaU
ADVERTISEMENTS.
M A f" I* «M small srem to «pend tn B
M U k making yourself warm and E
fl n Ilil comfortable, and when B
fl I W cold, damp weather ap- |1
|j proaches your health demands m
gj these comforts. That Is why w» Iff
j3 are going to give our manv cus- pi
nj tomers the benefit of a good, use- y.
a ful article at this exceptional price. 11
H Again. Christmas Is near, and H
M what is a more acceptable gift B
M than a pair of u
I Ladies' Juliets 1
H Made of finest quality felt, flannel S
|| lined and neatly trimmed around Fl
H top In black fur? They are made t
Eg with sewed sole, low heel Of" ¦
H end the new style toe; \£ r%
j colors red and black; sizes fl.I E
N 3 to 8. Price lUU fl
1 GLORIA 1
I Shoes for Ladies. |
¦¦ Have you tried a pair of these ¦*
I shoes? Safe to say If you hav« PJ
1 you will wear no other. The ex- fij
I cellent qualities of this shoe have £3
I made It one of the most popular m
ever placed on the shoe- market. It 1
is neat and dressy in appearance 3
and soft and comfortable to the 1
foot, while its wearing Qualities 4
have no equal. a
We have them in Enamel, Patent I
Calf. Box Calf and Vici Kid in i
Dress and Golf Pat- A f\ r* r\ 3
terns, turn or welt- I 1 J til 3
Eed sole; all sizes, .ft-l f||| 1
Price UJUlUU [|
Country orders solicited. Send ¦
for catalogue. y
I B. KATSCHINSKI, j
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. j
I] tO Third St.. San Francisco. «
$ visit OR- JORDAN'S sacatI
OF AHflTOHy}
I 1 fop I33fcui3x;sr.tet.&m,s.r.ca4
i Of The Largest Anatomical M taenm hi th« \
I ' «3ft&» -H 0 " 4 «**»•"•• o» My contracted 4
6 flISfl OB.JOR0JW-PRnATH DISEASES #
« F^9f7B _ < - o: " uIt »« i «n fre» and "strictly prtntt \
9 A Ajr$£*3 T" l:mIIU P"*°"a''y or by le»t-r. A/i
¦ A F ll lift w rite for Book. rBI LOSOP|V ( r A
D ll ¦AnaiAGI, IIAILBO F«S3» «Af
A Q li »»>uabl« book Ibr Bra) \
7 dIj Junto AN A €O.. MM Market St.. & F Y
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
J S tor V .^ R^ r Vln e ESTORATIVE - «™*»A,
The moat wonderful aphrodlsiao and Special
T ° n ' c (? r i h « s « n *4 Organs for both «e«*
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of ths Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER, ALFS A BRUNE. Agents.
823 Market St.. 9. F.— (Send for Circular.)
I DR.PIERCES
GOLpEN
MEDICAL
aayscovERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD. LIVER. LUNGS.
SH C3R3I2& n »3 If my Skin
fv n case of eczema
Price 25 cents. Alldrugglsts. or sent pose
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DB
FORD, 175 N. Spring st. Los Angeles. Cal.
we hope this advertisement will fall beneath the no- If you attended the sale Monday and Tuesday and
tlce of prospective rag buyers, the result will profit noted the large gathering of eager purchasers, you may
them and widen the acquaintance of this young but vlg- think tbat a jj tne splendid hosiery values are gone, but
orous department. we D rini? up fresh relays from the great basement store-
reversible all-wool Smyrna, rugs— soft to the tread— rooms and present you with, such extra, pood thlne3 aa
made to stand hard wear— pretty floral and novel Ori- ? *,«,.;,.
ental. designs in rich and beautiful color harmonies— ends "«-=*•
tlnlshed with heavy knotted fringe. «'-«« 100 dozen ladles' fancy seamless cotton hose— black
21-inch size-only o-T'A'A'illU'SJ'S^ boots, with pink. blue, lavender and red tops— double
26- nch sfee-ony §J£2 *"2 5H5 heels and toes-sizes &K to 10-sale price 14c per pair..
30-inch size-only 81.0m and 82.35 S1 c - Der Jf
36-inch size-only 82.05 and $3.45 ' **.<>.» Per dozen
out of town orders will be carefully filled. 400 dozen ladles' seamless cotton hose — four different
a cle\'er purchase of our New York buyers permits styles — plain black with pearl ribbed elastic tops —
us to offer 700 fringed mats— made from remnants of black with unbleached feet— black with Richelieu drop
brussels. wilton, moquette and velvet carpets-at these 8 titch and plain black with hem top— all sizes S»i to 10—
prices: _. „ , . . __ prices 12 1-1'c per pair S1.3S per dozen
tapestry mats — 22x27 Inches — each 3J?e
velvet mats— 22x27 inches— each 5oC 150 dozen ladles" plain black cotton hose— heavy
moquette mats— 27x36 inches— each 00c weight— fine g'auge— extra long and elastic— doubls heels
wilton mats— 27x3C Inches— each ' 75c and toes— sizes 8Vi to 10— price 3 pair for 50c
moquette mats — 27x54 inches — each Sl.iSS or SI .DO P«r dozen
paitment. "uJLCl* -*—* c.-_^t :*- n-u— n-* mezzanine.Granted at "Washington.
List of Patents Issued and Pensions
WASHINGTON. Nov. 6.'-Patents is
sued: ' George F. Andrews, Riverside,
mortising machine: John S. Briggs, Los
Angeles, air Injecting device for lessening
skin friction of-vessels; Henry E. Brun
nev, Haywards, acetylene gas generator:
Arthur Coffin. San Francisco, seal, lock:
Mark H. Hamm. Petaluma, and H. R.
Taylor. Oakland, ore stamp mill; James
T. Ludlow, San Francisco, ammonia com
pressor; Jesse C. and Jesse C. Jr. Martin.
San Francisco, metallic .flexible Joint; Ed
ward A. Rix, San Francisco, .hydraulic
brush; James M.' Thorp, Alameda, appa
ratus for swelling staves of wooden
tanks. Pensions granted: California— Or
iginal—Charles w. Olmstead (dead). Sac
ramento, ?12; Edward Almazo. Bulllo, San
Francisco.: J6. Additional-William H:
Bell. San Jose, $3. Increase— Abram
Shear. San Francisco. $8. Widows— Jessie
A. Hewitt, Los Angeles, .$8; Andrew Olm
stead, Sacramento, 58. • .
Oregon— Original— Joel. B. Bates, Trout
dale, $6. Increase— David Beers, Her
mann; $8. Widow— Lavernea Ulln, Un
ion. $8.
Washington-Increase— James M. P. Al
len. Kirkland. $8. , Reissue and Increase—
William A. Lammey. South Taeoma, ?10.
Population of Wyoming.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.-The popula
tion of the State of Wyominc. as of
ficially announced to-day. Is 92,531, apainst
G0.705 in 1890. These figures' show an In
crease in population since 1890 of 31.S26, or
52.4 per cent. The population In 1880. was
20.780, showing an increase of 39,916, or
192 per cent, from 1880 to 1890.
Tobacco Factory Burned.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 6.— WIesert Bros.' to
bacco factory was burned to the ground
to-day, causing a loss of JSO.OQO; fully ln
aured. • :.,-;,-, ¦ '-¦'¦ ¦ -X:'.' :¦-. ¦ ¦
Big Loss by Fire.
ALBANY, N. Y., Nov. 6— Fire broke
rut to-night at Kricher's large candy fac
torv and communicated to the Press
Knickerbocker building. Both build
i:.gs were destroyed. At this hour It i»
•rtimat**d that th*» loss will probably be
B«5f * million dollars. .
Fever Among Russian Troops.
FT. PETERSBURG. Nov. 6.— According
to private disr^tches received here typhus
and other fevers are be sinning to abate
In the Russian army in Manchuria.
Native Daughters.
,La Estrella Parlor received an official
visit last night from Grand President
Mrs. E/na Gett. There was a largo at
tendance and after the exemplification of
the- work and the disposition of those
matters th<*t usually attend such visit*
there was* a collation and a pleasant hour
was spent In the banquet hall.
Fremont Parlor had a ladies' jinks In
Its hall last Wednesday night, which was
exclusively for members of the parlor.
A new parlor, organized by Mrs. 8.
Osterman of Sans Souci Parlor of thia
city, will be Instituted at Crockett on the
7th lnst.
The following named were visitors at
the office of the grand secretary during
the past week: Mrs. Thornagle of Alta
Parlor: Miss PegulIIan. Mrs. Boise and
Mrs. McCormack of Las Vespero Parlor:
Mr?. Mary E. Tlllman. Mrs. Theodore
Lunstedt. Mrs. H. M. Greene. Miss Mc-
Cormick. Mrs. Tillie Frick. Mrs. Douglass
and Mrs. Belle W. Conrad of this city, and
Mrs. Emma Lillle of Lodl.
Orinda Parlor has arranged to give the
members of El Dorado Parlor oi the Na
tive Sons a reception on the night of tha
19th lnst. In recognition of the many
courtesies extended during the Admission
day celebration.
Fremont Parlor will give a masauerade
ball on the night of the 22d lnst. and tha
following . named committee Is working
hard to make the affair a success:
Mesdames W. H. Barry and R. D. Barton
and Misses M. Twoomey. M. Hawking
and A. Cawley. . -
The' members of Buena Vista Parlor
are greatly interested in the production
of "The LJttle Rebel," a one-act farce,
that la to be presented In Native. Sona*
Hall on the night of the 14th lnst. In aid
of th.e sick and relief fund of the parlor.
The young ladies who are to take part
in this farce have been rehearsing until
they have their part* perfect and they
expect to equal if. not surpass anything
in the amateur line. In addition then*
will be presented on that night a vaude
ville programme and dancing.
Las Lomas Parlor on last Thursday
night had a Halloween party In Mission
Parlor Hall and, as usual, at functions
given by this' parlor, there was a larg?
attendance of young 1 and old. who en-
Joyed themselves to the fullest. The. hall
wa» decorated In accordance with old
time custom and a number of the games
of the season were Introduced and thea*
proved a. source of great merriment.
Dancing closed the evening** entertain
ment.
LONDON. Nov. 6.— Lord Roberts has ca
r'»d to the War Office that former Presi
dent Eteyn In a dispatch to Delarey's
burghers. October 22. paid Mr. Kruger had
erme to Europe to get "interviewed," and
that !f he failed the Trar.svaal "will be
fcurtinr.ed off [o the highest bidder."
I^rd Roberts in a dispatch dated Jo
risrinrpburg. November 5, reports to the
War Office a* follows: •
"fimith-Dorrifn states that Major
F?_un<1er* anfl Captain Chalmers of the
Canadian Mounted Rifles have been deco
rau-d. Eaunders rode out under a heavy
fir* to bring Sn a horseless non-rommis
tinnert officer. Faunders was wounded and
rtif borse was killed and Chalmers went
m his ajfiftanc* 1 . Eaunders Implored him
to leave, hut was refused, and the gal
lant Chalmers was, I grieve to cay.
killed."
RAS JTBT.TIL. Nov. «.— The Dutch
rruj5»r <"»e:d*rland.wlth ex-President Kru
pfr nn board. V&s arrived here. She has
been directed to await instructions from
The Hague at Port Said with regard to
Mr Kruger's landinc in Kurope. The
Ol'derland will stop here three days.
Mr. Kruger. who Is In excellent health,
rejoiced greatly at the newg of the recent
Hofr successes.
"ilay they fight without remission." he
rxclaim^d energetically. '"That is what
»-« ask."
Throughout the voyage Mr. Kruger's
health, except for fome trouble with his
ryes was excellent* He will travel Incog
nito and will rot land until he reaches
Europe.
AT RISK OF LIFE HE
STOPPED A -RUNAWAY
Nervy Act of Police Sergeant Blank,
"Who Caught a Frightened
'$£• Horse.
By '-trying, to save the lives < of* several
little children who were In Imminent dan
ger of being run over by a runaway horse
Sergeant Chris Blank of the Seventeenth
street police station was badly hurt yes
terday at the crossing of Twenty-second
and Mission streets. At 12 o'clock, just
as several children were crossing the
streets mentioned on their way from the
Horace Mann School, a horse attached to
a cart came tearing up Mission street and
was in the act of turning into Twenty
second when Sergeant Blank, ,who was
coming up Twenty-second, saw the, im
pending danger, and Jumping Into the
street he grabbed the lines, which were
trailing beside the cart, and succeeded In
checking the animal Just as it was about
to run over some children.
Blank was dragged about twenty yards
over the -rough cobblestones before he
succeeded in stopping the runaway. As
soon as he was extricated from his haz
ardous position he- found himself badly
brutsed and with eeveral lacerated wounds
of the head and face and a maimed hand.
He reported off duty and went to his
home. The horse that did the damage
belonged to the Contra Costa dairy and
had run away from Eighteenth r street,
where it was* left standing on, the Btreet
by its driver, a man named Crabby' •¦¦; ¦¦,¦>¦;
TROOPS ARE RETURNING
FROM YOSEMTTE PARK
Report That Conditions in the Na
tion's Preserve Are Excellent
and Game Increasing.
W A WONA. Nov. 6— Troop F. Sixth
j Cavalry, under command of Major
I Rucker, Captain Wilcox and Lieutenant
i Parker, left here thl3 morning. The
j troop arrived here June 3, with troops
from Sequoia Park, under command of
! Captain Cole, and will meet Troop F at
I Madera,
Only about 1800 sheep have be*n ejected
I from "the park the present season, against
I many thousands during all previous sea
sons. Many guns have bee.1 taken from
parties entering the park this year, as
stricter regulations have been enforced
this year than heretofore. The weapons
are returned to the owners at the close
of the season.
The troops &re to march to San Fran
cisco, which will consume about fourteen
days. Bridges have been constructed over
two of the most dangerous streams in the
park, which are Impassable at high water
in the spring. >
Only one email fire was reported in the
park 'this year, while last year at least
I three large fire were raging in the park
| at the same time.
Quite a number of Improvements have
been made at Camp A. E. Wood In the
way of shelter for horses and forage.
j Game in the park Is Increasing rapidly.
especially deer. Fish are also very much
more abundant. All the lakes in this
vicinity have been stocked from the Wa
! wona Fish Hatchery. Trails in the park
: are in very bad condition and are In much
j need of repair, as In eome places they are
j utterly Impassable. The boundary lines
cf the park have never been surveyed or
I marked In any manner, eo that It is ut
j terly Impossible for stockmen as well as
! officers to know the exact lines.
WTLI. NOT INTERFERE
WITH GERMANY'S POLICY
Russian Diplomat Says No Notice
"Will Be Taken of Ultra Agra
rian Movement.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 6— Referring
to the report that Russia and America
had agreed to warn Germany against ful
filling the ultra Agrarian demands regard
ing the grain tariff, the proper authority
In the Finance Ministry here declared to
day that Russia does not Intend to inter
fere with Germany In the conduct "of her
domestic affairs. Russia, he added, will
not notice the tariff legislation officially
until It Is enacted and commercial treaty
negotiations are begun. It is possible
Germany will establish maximum and
minimum rates. The discussion of this
point has hitherto been academic. In
any case Russia will calmly wait, as she
Is not afraid of a tariff war with Ger
many.
Strike Is Sy reading'.
BPRINGFIELD, Mass.. Nov. 6.-The
strike of the boiler makers at the Boston
and Albany shops In West Sprlnsrfleld
threatens to spread to both ends of the
line. Within twenty-four hours It is ex
pected that the boiler makers In tho com
pany's shops in Boston and Albany will
be called out as a consequence of the re
fusal of the railroad officials to hold a
conference with President John McNeill
of the Brotherhood of Boiler Makers and
Iron Ship Builders of America,
Duelist Sentenced.
BT. PETERSBURG. Nov. 6.— A student
at the university at Dorpat has been sen
tenced to imprisonment for a term of two
years for having killed a fellow student in
a duel a year ago. The Government has
virtually broken up the German dueling
association at the university.
Consuls Exchange Portfolios.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 6.— Horace Lee
Washington, at present Consul at Valen
dg Fpain, has been appointed Consul at
Geneva. Switzerland, exchanging places
with Richard M. Bartleman.
WOULD AUCTION
THE TRANSVAAL
>
Object of Paul Kruger in
Making the Trip to
the Continent.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— General Mac-
Arthur cables from Manila to-day that
Second Lieutenant William D. Pasco and
Privates Lem Meadow and Addlson Enlx,
Company K, Nineteenth Infantry, were
killed Monday, October 29, near Cuartero.
Lieutenant Pasco was a son of ex-Sen
ator Samuel Pasco of Florida, who Is a
member of the Nicaragua Canal Commis
sion.
General MacArthur also reports the
death to-day of Stanley M. Stuart, assist
ant surgeon Eleventh Volunteer Cavalry,
at Santa Cruz, Luzon, of a fractured
skull, he having been thrown from hl3
horse. Surgeon Stuart was appointed from
Washington.
General MacArthur also cables tha fol
lowing casualties:
Dysentery— October 31, Company E,
Thirty-eighth Infantry. William- Boling;
October 29, Company M, Forty-first In
fantry, John B. Bowers; October 7, Com
pany A, Sixth Infantry, Charles M. Car
roll; October SO. Company. A, Twenty
sixth Infantry, Thomas Kane; Company
B, Twenty-first Infantry, Michael W. Sui
livan. • *
Tuberculosis — Company G, Thirty-fourth
Infantry, Richard M. Burns; September
14, Company G. Forty-third Infantry, Cor
poral Patrick Maloney; October 28, Troop
L, Third Cavalry. Joseph P. Murphy.
Malarial fever — October 11, Company M,
Sixth Infantry. Henry Allison; October 20,
Company K, Fourth Infantry, Charles
Hobson; October 80, Company M, Forty
fifth Infantry, William Jacobs; October
31, Company' H, Thirty-ninth. Infantry.
Andrew J. Taylor; October 19, Troop H,
Eleventh Cavalry, F. S. Thomas.
All other causes— October 22. Company
I. Forty-ninth Infantry, Waiter Warren;
October 30, Company L, Twenty-fifth In
fantry, Patrick B. O'Connell: October 23.
Troop F, Fourth Cavalry, Rober.t J. Lll
ley: October 18. Company G,- Forty-ninth
Infantry, Willie Johnson; October 2S,
Company C, Seventeenth Infantry, Ser
geant Samuel M. Horn; October 23. Com
pany A, Nineteenth. -Infantry, Edward
Farrell; October 20,. Company M.'Slxth ln
fantrv. Sergeant Frank Braunwork; Sep
tember 8, Troop C, Ninth Cavalry, Wil
liam Clayton; October SO, Company E,
Twenty-eighth Infantry, William H.
Moseback; Company H. Sixteenth In
fantry, John L. , Chambers; October Id,
Company B, Sixth Infantry, Fred D. ;
November 1, Company H. Thirtieth In
fantry. Musician John Maloney.
Lieutenant William D. Pasco
Is Among tbe
Slain. '
MACARTHUR SENDS
CASUALTY LIST
PARIS, Nov. 6.— The Senate reopened
its session this afternoon with M. Fal
lieres presiding-. After a very brief, and
uninteresting session adjournment until
Thursday was taken.
In the Chamber of Deputies there was
a lively scene previous to the formal
opening. On all Bides were groups of
Deputies discussing the probable pro
gramme of the Government concerning:
many Interpellations. The President of
the Chamber, M. Deschanel, presided.
The galleries were crowded.
After the preliminary business M. Wal
deck-Rosseau explained that the Govern
ment would not delay action on the vari
ous interpellations, but he warned the
Chamber that If the Deputies did not se
lect important Interpellations, dismissing
the others, the entire session would be
occupied with interpellations, to the det
riment of necessary important legisla
tion.
The Chamber then voted to proceed
with the Interpellation of M. Albert Va
zille. Radical Socialist, representing: the
MontagTis district of Lolret. on the gen
eral policy of the Government.
The Premier explained that the Govern
ment desired the discussion of a few re
form measures of immediate interest,
simultaneously with the budget discus
sion. These reforms, he explained, were
a law to reduce the 'tax on alcohol, old
age pensions, official arbitrators for labor
disputes and the reform of courts-mar
tial, and the law of associations, which,
he said, ought to be one of the first acts
of the Republican party, to avert tho
peril which menaced the public fortune
and moral unity of the country.
M. Rlbot, Republican, former Premier,
called attention to the differences in the
statements on social matters between M.
Millerand and M. Waldeck-Rousseau. In
eo doing, M. Ribot said he was surprised
that M. Mlllerand could continue in the
Cabinet in view of M. Waldeck-Rous
scau's declaration against Socialism.
M. Mlllerand replied warmly to M.
Rlbot. He declared he maintained his
opinions, but he explained, the members
of the Ministry had joined together on a
platform to which they could all adhere,
setting aside opinions of a secondary na
ture which might create discord. M. Mll
lerand added that they would find, when
the Government's bill to arbitrate strike*
was fully explained, that its provisions
wera such as to win the support of the
entire Republican majority. Tho Cham
ber adjourned until Thursday. , :
After Brief Session Adjourn
ment Until Thursday
Is Taken.
REOPENING OF
FRENCH SENATE
WTXI, LISTEN TO THE
PROTESTS OF SHIPPERS
Interstate Commerce Commission
Names Places and Dates for
Hearing of Cases.
WASHINGTON. Nov. *.— The Interstate
O^mTnerce rpmnisy'in has f.xed hearing*
in cayes Involving' violations of the lnter
fr*8te enmrnpre* law a$ follow*:
Business M»n'f I^Rgue of St. Louis ve.
th«° Pan; a F> and other railroads, at
Wasnlnxton* December !•; Palmer's Dock. <
Hay and Produce Board of Trade vp. the
Pennsylvania ar<1 other railroads, at New
York City. November 14: Miiton Flory vs.
Xh*r Central Rai'roHd <--f New Jersey. New
York. November 14; the Proprietary As
sociation of America vs. the New York
<""-r.tr.il et al.. at Chicago. November 19:
Proctor & 'JaniWe Comj>any vs. Cincin
nati. Hamilton and r>ayton Railroad
Washington, November 26; Kineon Coal*
Company vs=. the Chesapeake anu Ohio
Ballroad* Company, Washington. I>ecem
\-t «: fiv» ca«"»s. Charles G. Freeman vs.
varioi:5 railroads. Chicago. November 19;
Charles H. Johnson of Norfolk. Neb., vs.
The Chicago. Milwaukee and St. Paul Rail
road. Chicago. November 29.
The most important of these is that of
the St. Loui* Business M>n's League,
•which complains to the commission that
the carload and less than carload ralca
from St. Louis to the Pacific Coast are
relatively unjust ar.d bear unduly on the
shipper of l"s« than carloads.
CATTLEMAN MTTRDERED
FOE. TBTVIAI. CATJSE
Robert L. Hall Shot and Killed in
Southeastern New Mexico by
Fayette Seeley.
CARLSBAD, N. M., Nov. 6.— Robert L.
Hali; one of the best known cattlemen
In Southeastern New Mexloo. was shot
and killed at his ranch, sixty, miles south
of this place. His alleged murderer is
Fayette Seeley, known as "Red" Seeley.
who also shot and severely wouqded in
the arm Holl Herring 1 .
The trouble rirose over some trivial mat
ter. Seeley, who was the only one of the
party armed, commenced shooting, it is
said, with little or no provocation. Seeley
escaped toward Old Mexico.
RACED THOUSANDS OF MILES, .
FINTSHED HOITRS APART
British. Ship Baron Eldon Outsails the
Saron Innerdale After a Contest
Started in Java.
PHILADELPHIA. Xov. 6.-The British
steamships Baron Eldon and Baron Inner
dale have arrived at the Delaware break
water from Java, finishing a race of 15,000
miles within four hours of eaca other.
The vesselS'left Java September 1, their
course being via the Suez canal, the Med
iterranean Sea and North Atlantic Ocean.
After leaving Port Said they did not sight
each other until the Delaware breakwater
was reached. The Baron Eldon arrived
llrst, four hours In the lead.
Murdered by a Robber.
JOPLIN, Mo., Nov. 6. — James "Watson,
ag-ed 50 years, who has lived In this sec
tion since 1SS2, was found on the St. Louis
and San Francisco Railroad on the out
skirts at midnight with a bullet wound
through his head. He had been shot from
behind, apparently by a robber.
Fp«^!al Dler«trh to The Call
ANGELS CAMP. Xov. 6.-Chrls Ocoso
r.ich was shot and probably fatally
T-cur.ded by Mitchell Magud on a street
of Angels Camp this afternoon. Magud is
under wrest, charged with earning con
«.' i aled weapons, attempt to. kill ar.d
threatening an officer.
The trouble which led to the shootlr.gr
cates back some years. Several houses
la Angels were blown up by dynamite,
among them one owned by Magud. He
pr-eused Ooosonich of having touched off
the dynamite under his house, and when
ever they have met since then he has re
re wed the charge.
The two men met on the street this aft
ernoon, and this time It was Ocosonich
» no renewed the quarrel. Magud said he
wes not lookir.g for trouble and advised
(Ocosonich to let him alone. Ocosonich in
v:ted him to step Into the middle nf the
street and settle their differences. Magnd
followed him off the sidewalk, and as
<'cosonich came at him drew a revolver
find opened fir«>. Three phots were fired
f.r.d a bullet ?Jereed ' his enemy's side.
< 'ooponich staggered to the sidewalk and
there fell. He was removed to a hospital
fend i? in a precarious condition.
When Constable Fouts sought to arrest
Mafud the latter attempted to ehoot the
r.fScer, but was ovr rp^wrrvd after a sharp
urupglfc and landf-d in jail.
Culmination of a Bitter Feud Tliat
Has Existed Between the Two
Men for a Number of
Years. *
Mitchell Magud Fires a Bul
let Into the Body of
£. Ocosonich.
FATAL SHOOTING
AFFRAY OCCURS
IN ANGELS CAMP
SEATTLE, Nov. 6.— Captain Johnson of
the steamer L>lll!a Thurston, which re
turned to this port this afternoon, says
he saw a lot of wreckage about 200 miles
off Cape Flattery, and thinks a large
steamer has foundered. >
The sea was go high at the time that
he was unable to make a close examina
tion of the wreckage, but it consisted of
lumber painted on both sides like the up
per works of a steamer, also portions of
rigging. He also saw a , lifeboat about
twenty-five feet long half submerged, but
was not close enough to see any name.
He also saw an air tank from a lifeboat
floating several miles farther along. He
passed through the wreckage on Novem
ber 2, and gives it as his opinion that the
disaster occurred probably In the twenty
four hours previous.
Painted Upper 'Works, a Xrifeboat
Partly Submerged and an Air
Tank Seen Floating Off
* Cape Flattery.
Wreckage Sighted by Cap
tain • of the Lillia
Thurston.
BIG STEAMER
PROBABLY LOST
OFF THIS COAST
Urges Charitable Societies to Send
Food and Clothing to Famished
Tribes on Cooks
Inlet.
Social Dispatch to The Call
TACOMA, Nov. 6.— "Mrs. Fred Smith,
who arrived last night from Cooks Inlet,
Alaska, says that fully 400 out of the 1000
or more Indians inhabiting: that section
are now dying of cold and starvation.
Mrs. Smith's word3 are entitled to more
than usual credence, from the fact thai
ehe has received a gold medal from Con
gress for swimming into the surf and res
cuing three drowning seamen from the
British bark Ferndale off the coast of
Grays Harbor in January. 1S92. She was
then Mrs. Jlartha White. In the follow
ing year she and her husband went to
Cooks Inlet. She was the first white
woman In that country and to them was
born tho first whit* child there. Later
Mr. White died and two years ago she
married Fred Smith, the owner of rich
placer claims on Lynch Creek. Alter
spending the winter with her daughter in
California, Mrs. Smith will return -to
Cooks Inlet.
"I wish I could tell you all I know re
garding the terrible condition of tho
Cooks Inlet Indians," ehe said to-day.
"There are several tribes in that district,
.numbering over 1000 persons. Of this
number there are more than 400, Includ
ing young children and old women, who
are starving and freezing to death for
want of food and clothing. In former
years they have made, a living by hunt
ing. Since the advent of the white man
their condition has-been growing worse.
The miners with their campflres have set
the forests aflame. The young fox and
other fur animals that are reared in the
hollow roots of trees have been destroyed
until to-day In that section there is pra*c
tically nothing 1 at all. These natives
have, therefore, no furs from which
to make their clothing. They have
no furs with which to do any
trading or to buy food, and their
condition as I describe It is the result.
It is true that in the summer time they
put up a considerable quantity of fish,
l'Ut as many were not provided there Is
not enough to go around.
"All of these tribes are under the Rus
sian church, but this body has done lit
tle or nothing to help them- If the char
itable societies on the coast would take
tiie matter up some of the- suffering
might be alleviated. What they want
most is clothing and flour. -If theso
things c«uld be got to them they could
survive during the winter. The country
that was once theirs is now ours and there
Is no reason why we should allow the
present condition to exist in a land that
belongs to the United States. I have
given them a share or what I have, and
when I left I realized that many of them
would be dead before my return. I was
powerless to prevent it. The Cooks In
let Indians are In worse condition than
the other Alaskan tribes, and If some
thing is not done it will only be a short
time until they become extinct."
Mrs. Fred Smith Appeals
for Aid for Alaska
HUNDREDS OF
NATIVES DYING
OF STARVATION
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU. Oct. 30.— The Imprison
ment of W. H. Marshall, former editor of
the Volcano, now suspended, upon the
charge of libel, has directed attention to
the imperfections in the penal system ot
the islands. When Marshall was first In
carcerated j he was paraded with the
chain gang and was treated like a, felon.
The indignities heaped upon him created
a good deal of comment, and Jailer Hen
ry explained that, according to the law,
no other course was permitted toward
the prisoner. The matter has been taken
up by the Attorney. General at the in
stance of Governor Dole. In the mean
time Marshall is receiving better treat
ment and is not compelled to wear the
same garb nor work with the chain gang.
In the future the same distinction will bo
made between felons and petty offenders.
A long standing feud in the Honolulu
Police Department, growing out of. differ
ences between Senior Captain Parker, a
native, and Officer Hanrahan, a white
man who had been rapidly promoted,
was ended last Sunday by the resigna
tion of the white man. after a last row
with Parker. High Sheriff Brown held
that both men could not remain on the
force and Hanrahan had" to go. There 13
a large proportion of natives in the rank
and file of the* Honolulu force and a gen
eral strike of policemen was threatened
when it was thought that tho head of tho
department might sustain Hanrahan
against the native captain. Hanrahan
came here about a year ago. He Is an
ex-policeman of New York and was for
merly in the army.
The numbering of nouses has been bo
g-un In HOnolulu,-<with a view to estab
lishing free postar- delivery. This is
something the city has never had before.
At present there is riactically no num
bering system, and the postofflce has
never attempted to deliver letters. This
has been the cause of much crowding at
the postofflce, where all people had to
call for their mail.
Samuel Johannavitz, a baker, and Pol
ish interpreter in tho. Police Court, was
instantly killed early this morning by
being electrocuted at his place of busi
ness, i He was uslrig a movable . incan
descent light when the current passed
through a place where the insulation had
worn off, and he dropped dead .on the
spot. One of the Hawaiian Electric Com
pany's wires is said to have been ground
ed or crossed with a line from the Gov
ernment power house, and this made a
current of about a thousand volts at the
time when the deceased took his lamp
in hand. Two other men in different
parts of the city were badly shocked, and
the police telephoned to the Government
station and had the power shut off.
A good deal of excitement was caused
by the unusual conditions, and the en
gineer in charge at the Hawaiian Elec
tric Company's power house had a dan
gerous post for a time, as the current
took hold of one of his engines and he
feared to approach and stop It.
The polls will not be closed in Hawaii
promptly at 5 o'clock next Tuesday. Sec
retary of Territory Cooper has decided
that in cases where there are eligible
voters at the polls waiting at 5 o'clock
they shall be given a chance to vote.
Owing to the faulty divisions of tho pre
cincts it was feared that some voters
would have no chance to cast their bal
lots, there not being time enough for all.
but the . rule now established will give
every citizen an opportunity to cast a
ballot. '
The transport Conemaugh arrived here
vesterday evening, eleven days from San
Francisco. Her long passage was due to
an accident to her auxiliary machinery,
compelling her to slow down for two days.
Sh« lost three animals on the way here.
The sugar crop of all the islands for the
year ending with September 30 last
amounted to 2S9.544 tons, representing a
value of over $23,000,000. This is an in
crease of about 7000 tons over last year's
figures. The large Island of Hawaii leads,
as usual, in the amount of its crop, hav
ing produced 115,224 tons. .Kauai 13 next
with 63,34*. Oahu had 53.625 tons and Maul
57,347. The largest from any single plan
tation was from Ewa, on Oahu, which
produced 21,573 tons, or nearly $2,000,000
worth.
The contention that the Hawaiian
language is a foreign language here has
been made as a part of the pleadings in
a case before the Circuit Court. A com
plaint In a suit to quiet title is demurred
to by Attorney T. McCants Stewart be
cause a part of it Is in the native Ha
waiian language. It is claimed that the
complaint is unintelligible and is partly In
a foreign language. In view of recent
rulings by some of the Circuit Judges It
Is thought that the 6trange-sounding con
tention will hold.
Deputy Sheriff Chillingworth of Hono
lulu Is the hero of an encounter with a
desperate prisoner, in which the officer
showed splendid nerve and succeeded In
taking a man ¦who had him covered at
close quarters with a loaded revolver.
The prisoner was Charles Heffernan, who
was accused of passing a forged check.
While driving with Chillingworth to the
lail he succeeded in getting permission to
leave the hack on a plea of sickness.
Then he stood by the vehicle and pointed
a revolver at the officer, demanding that
the latter surrender the hack to him. The
officer kept his seat and told the man to
pro ahead and shoot. After a parley
Heffernan declared hl3 Intention to fire,
saylne: he didn't like to do so. He held
out his left hand to shake hands and say
good-by to the man he was Kolnp to kili,
still presenting the pistol. Chllllngworth
took the proffered hand and jerked the
man into the hack, seized the hand that
held the revolver and overpowered his
man. Heffernan had been arrested before
and had managed to escape. He is now
committed for trial on a 'charge of as
sault with a deadly weapon, in addition
to the old charge. The deputy sheriff is
beiner highly complimented for his re
markable nerve.
Harsh Treatment^That Was Accorded
Editor Marshall^ Becently, Convict
ed of Libel, Called Attention to
Many Imperfections.
Petty Prisoners No Longer
to Be Treated Like ,
Felons.
PRISON REFORM
IN HAWAII
OPPOSITION T0
ANY CLEMENCY
Sentiment' of the German
Press on the Chinese
Question.
Russia's Reply to Anglo-German
Agreement Emphasizes Her In
tentions as to Integrity
of China.
BERLIN. Nov. 6.— Discussing the efforts
cf Li Hung'Chang to get diplomatic rep
resentatives to intercede with Field Mar
shal Count von Waldersee with a view of
delaying the execution of the Paoting-Fu
officials responsible for the massacre
there, even ite liberal papers, Vossische
Zoitung. National Zeitung and Boersen
Zeitung. call for their execution without
delay, the Vossische Zeitung remarking
that "clemency can accomplish nothing
with these barbarians."
Letters from German soldiers in China
continue to find their way into the press.
The Hamburg Courier, National Liberal,
prints a letter from Peking describing tho
operations of the battalion to which the
writer belongs, and mentioning a case
where from SuO to 400 Chinese were "partly
killed and partly executed." The writer
adds: "All Boxers who are caught In Pe
king are shot. Each one must dig a hole
and kneel behind it, so as to fall directly
into it when ehoL
"The city of LJangchang Chung was
captured yesterdav. Our company halted
beiore one ot ttie gates, and ihe
who were driven from the other side
through the gate perished upon our bayo
nets It was horrible. We have men in
the company who have already shot ten
Chinamen." „ .
The Courier says: tuch statements as
tht-ee make an otncial explanation regard
ing the manner of carp-ing on the war
more urgent than ever."
The freWnnige' Zeitung eays; 'Per-
FiFtent silence in official quarters unfor
tunately justifies the conclusion that such
n description of the conduct of the Ger
man troops Is true. The Government will
be compelled' to express itself iu the
Ktichstag."
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 6.— The text
Ot the Russian reply to the An&lo-German
agreement note Is published.
The first point, providing for open ports
on the rivers of China is favorably re
ceived, as it does not alter existing
treaties.
The second point is all the more in har
mony with Russia's intentions, as the In
tegrity of the Celestial Empire Is the
fundamental principle of the Russian
pollcv.
As 'regards the possibility of a violation
of this principle. In the third article.
Russia refers to her note of May 28 and
repeats her declaration that such viola
tion would compel Russia to modify, as
circumstances might require, the atti
tude the has taken.
LONDON, Nov. 6.— The Gazette to-night
prints General Gazelee's dispatches to the
Secretary of State for India, referring to
the operations for the relief of Peking,
and General Dorwards report of the
operations about Tientsin. General Gaze
lee mentions two Americans who "gal
lantly supported our fighting line, viz.:
Majo'r Quinton and Captain J. R. M.
Talor," both of the Fourteenth United
States Infantry.
General Dorward's report contains lit
tle that Is new. but relating to the with^i
drawal of the Ninth United States Infan
try after it had suffered so heavily in the
attack upon Tientsin, says: "I would spe
cially bring to notice the conduct of Major
Jesse Lee during retirement. In him the
regiment possesses an officer of excep
tional merit. Among many instances of
personal bravery during the action I
would specially bring to notice the con
duct of Captain Smedley D. Butler. United
States marines, in bringing a wounded
man in from the front under a heavy and
accurate fire. Butler was wounded while
so doing and was himself carried out of
the firing line by Adjutant Leonard, who.
I regret to say, was dangerously wounded
In eo doing.
"Captain La.wton of the Ninth United
States Regiment brought me the news of
their condition under a heavy fire. When
returning and guiding the reinforcements
of his regiment he wasv severely
wounded."
BT ALBERT S. BOLLES, LL. D
Corporations have the same duty as in
dividuals in selecting proper employes for
the service required of them, safe places
wherein to work and proper appliances.
The fact that this duty must be done by
an agent— a president, manager, superin
tendent or other official— In no wise
changes the duty or liability of the cor
poration itself. The rule has been well
stated by Mr. Justice Gray of- the Su
preme Court of Massachusetts. "A cor
poration must, and a master who has an
extensive business often does, perform
this duty through officers or superintend
ents; but the duty Is his and not merely
theirs, and for negligence of his duty in
this respect he is responsible. To hold
otherwiss would be to exempt a master
who selected all his machinery and ser
vants through agents or superintendents
from all liability whatever to their fel>
low servants, although he had been gross
ly negligent In the selection or keeping of
proper persons and means for conducting
his business. In the case of a corpora
tion tha president and directors, at least,
cannot be deemed mere servants, but
must b© considered aa representing the
corporation itself."
Competency of Employes Is a Ques-
tlon of Fact.
Whether an employe is competent or
not is a question of fact. « Only in cases,
therefore, when an injury has happened
to a servant through the act of another
can the question* be answered whether the
injured servant or the one who injured
him was competent. Thus in one of the
cases a servant on a street railway, who
was injured by the negligence of the
motorman, tried toishow that the com
pany had not exercised ordinary care in
selecting him. Evidence was taken con
cerning his fitness and the court de
clared that the. company had not been
remiss in its duty.
A Corporation Cannot Shift Its Re-
sponsibility.
Though this duty of selecting fit em
ployes may be delegated or done by an
other for the employer, he cannot shift
or escape his responsibility. If he could,
the rule would soon cease to be of any
worth. The agent, therefore, who thus
acts for a corporation In selecting em
ployes is not regarded as a fellow servant
of the employes. In one sense all are
agents, acting for a common master; in
another sense they do not thus act.
The hiring agent, so to speak. Is not re
lated to those who hired him as one of
their own number, though in truth he is
hired and paid, it may be, in -the same
manner as the others. Thus In Ford vs.
Railroad, the Supreme Court of Massa
chusetts has remarked that "the agents
who are charged with the duty of supply
ing safe machinery are not. In a tru«s
sense of the rule, to be regarded as fel
low servants of those 'who are engaged In
operating it. They are charged with a
master's duty to his servant. They are
employed in distinct and separate depart
ments of service, and there Is no diffi
culty in distinguishing them, even when
the same person renders service by turns
In each, as. the convenience of the em
ployer may require."
Consequently when a servant is em
ployed by a corporation who proves to be
unfit for the use made of him and injures
another the corporation cannot escape
liability by saying that the act of hiring
was not its own, but that of another. A
corporation must, indeed, act through an
other, but In the hiring of servants, 1 fur
nishing them with appliances, safe places
for work. etc., s the corporation is regard
ed in law as acting directly, and therefore
Is responsible for the results. Such Is the
rule stated at an early day and has been
often applied.
Its Responsibility for Repairs.
The rule had been In existence only a
few years before the courts began to pare
It down. While still clinging to the first
part and holding corporations for the se
lection o.f fit employes, etc., they declared
that they could relieve themselves from
responsibility for keea'ng appliances in re
pair by appointing competent persons to
do this for them. Massachusetts led off
In this departure. In the case of Johnson
vs. Boston .Towboat Company the court
said: "One^cmployed In the care, super
vision and keeping in ordinary repair of
the means and appliances used In a busi
ness is engaged in a common service. Thus
a person charged with the duty of keep
ing the track of a railway In repair; the
chief engineer on a steam vessel, whose
duty It was to see that the machinery
was kept in order; an 'underlooker' In a
mine, whose duty it was to examine the
rock of the mine and prop it when dan
gerous; the general foreman and manager
of extensive builders and contractors'."
Again, in the case of King vs. Boston
and Worcester Railroad, Justice Fletcher
said: "If a corporation itself should be
held responsible to its servants that the
road, when first used, was safe and suf
ficient, yet keeping the. road In proper re
pair afterward would seem to be the work
of servants and laborers as much as any
other part of the business of the corpora
tion." In harmony with this rule the per
sons in charfee of a -train upon a railroad
were held to bo fellow servants with a
laborer employed in repairing the roadbed.
Although this point is of great practical
Importance* the reasoning of the court is
not always clear; and expressions are
added from time to time which leave the
reader in doubt concerning what the rule
Is. Tbus in the towboat case just men
tioned \the court remarked In Its opinion
that tne company was under an obliga
tion to its servants to use reasonable dili
gence to maintain in a suitable' condition
the appliances furnished for their use:
"If the company exercised that diligence
and provided suitable means for keeping
its apparatus in proper condition and em
ployed pmper servants to see that the
means were properly used. It had fulfilled
its duty." The duty to provide suitable
appliances, however. Is a personal one,
and liability for any neglect in perform
ing it as we have seen, cannot be evaded:
and .one might think from reading the
above, language that the- same duty ap
plied to the maintaining, repairing and re
newal of appliances, when, In truth. In
that State it does not.
The Courts Differ on This Question.
Maine
At this point, then, there is a parting of
ways among the courts, some holding,
like that of Massachusetts, that the duty
to repair may be fulfilled by appointing
competent servants and proper appliances,
material, etc., for this purpose: «ther
courts that this duty cannot be turned
over to another and liability therefor be
evaded any more than for furnishing suit
able appliances, etc., Jn the first Instance.
Opinion of the Supreme Court o£
The opposite view has been expressed
by ,the Supreme Court of Maine. Says
Mr. Justice Danforth: "The same care
requisite in hiring a servant in the first
Instance must still be exercised in continu
ing him In the service; otherwise the em
ployer will become responsible for hi<»
want of care and skill. The employer will
be equally liable for the acts of an incom
petent or careless servant whom he con
tinues In his employment after a knowl
edge of such lncompetency or carelessness
or when in the exercise of due care he
should have known it* as if he had been
wanting the fame care in hiring." The
court then adds that the same thin? may
be said of machinery. A -servant has no
more control of the repairs than of the
machine, no more responsibility for one
than for the other. He uses it and in so
doing assumes the risk whatever it may
be. This is "implied in his contract of hir
ing. On the other hand his employer pro
vides the means of carrying on the busi
ness and as a matter of course assumes
the responsibility that his work shall be
done with due care, and as the responsi
bility continues so long as the means are
used, so must the same care be exercised
In keeping the required means In the same
safe condition us at first.
Such in effect is the reasoning of the
Supreme Court of Maine, and very likely
It will accord more, perfectly with tfie
opinion of our readers than the other
view: "-As* a corporation or other master
must' furnish competent servants, appli
ances, etc.. In the beginning and is atill
i^r\\AJ i-essonSi e^if*i-overs and employes.
32. The Queen of Greece. 83. Voltaire.
34. Cato. 35. Rebecca Gratz. 36. Venice.
37. Charles V. 8S. Alexander the Great.
33. Augustus Caesar. 40. Beatrice Cenci.
41. Louis XV. 42. Dauphin. Louis XVIII.
43. Murat. 44. Charlotte Corday. 45. Bee
thoven. 46. Florence Nightingale.
Answers.
52. What English general said to his
soldiers. "Put your trust In God. but keep
your powder dry"?
63. Who said "Put not your trust in
money, but your money in trust"?
51. What author said:
As yet a child, nor yet a fool to fams.
I lisp'd in numbers, for th« numbers came?
55. Who said "We will fight it out on
this line If It takes all summer"?
56. Who said "Beware of a man of ona
book"?
57. What President of the United States
said. "All that I am or ever hope to be, I
owe to my mother"?
5S. What great preacher said "The world
Is my parish"?
51. What admiral's battle signal was
"England expects' every man to do his
duty"?
49. What Emperor said "Oh. that all
Rome had but on© head, that I might
strike It off at a blow"?
50. What Emperor said "Circumstances:
I make circumstances"?
47. "What noted American said. ""Where
liberty is not. there 13 my country"?
4S. "Who said "An honest man ia the
noblest work of God"?
HOME STTJDY CHICLE QUERIES.
Michigan.
In a more recent case in Michigan thn
Supreme Court remarked: "The rule may
now bo considered as settled In this State.
as well as In must of the States, not only
that a master Is bound to use reasonable
care in providing safe tools and appliances
for the use of workmen in his employ, but
that this Is a duty which cannot be dele
gated to another, so as to relieve him*
rrom personal responsibility. • • • The
rule adopted by the Federal courts and ir.
most of the States and which seems to u=»
most In consonance with reason ana nu
manlty. Is that those employed by the
master to provide or to keep in repair the
P'ace or to supply the machinery and
tools for labor, are engaged in a different
employment from those who are to use
tne place or appliances, when provided,
and they are not therefor* aa to each
other fellow servants." As they are not.
of course the employer is liable in all
cases of negligence In making repairs.
it w-m be seen, therefore, that the part
ing of the ways by the courts, the setting
up of two rules, is made to turn on thp
question, whether those who are engaged
in repairs are ascents of the employer or
co-servants or fellow-servants with tha
others. If they are agents then the mas
ter is liable: If they are fellow-servant?
then the rules applying to fellow service
apply to him and he escapes. It may be
added that In the larger number nf cases
and States they are held to be agents an.i
not fellnw-servants and the master Is held
liable for whar they do.
The case of. Davis v?. Central Vermont
Railroad Company la one of more than or
dinary interest. A flyman was killed by
the washing out of a culvert. It ni in an
improper condition and thin resulted from
the neslisence of the bridge builder and
madmaster. The company contended that
the bridge builder, rnadmnster and section
boss were fellow servants of the fireman
and that their negligence could not be im
puted to the road. In answering this de
fense the court asserted that if the master
personally attempted to do that part of the
work which he could not delegate to an
other and was negligent in- doing It and
Injured its employes the company was
liable therefor. "The question Is naturally
suggested why should he not also be liable
for the neglipence of the nsrent or servant
whom he has appointed to discharge the
sam« duty in hi* stead although he ha*
exercised due care to sejeet a person com
petent and skillful. Is such an agent or
servant while performing the. duty ca*t
by tho relation upon the master a fellow
¦workman with the master's servant in
the employment In such a sense that th«
latter cannot and ought not to recover
of the roaster for the Injuries sustained
through the negligence of tho former? If
so the master who performs his part of
the duty as all corporations must, by
agents and sen-ants, secures an immunity
from liability which the master who per
sonally enters the service to manage and
direct the performance of the work docs
not enjoy." The court held that the com
pany -could not thus shield itself behini
others. The bridge builder and roadmaster
were the agents of the company and not
fellow servants with the fireman, and con
sequently their conduct was that of tha
company and it was responsible there
for. The opinion Is one of the best Judicial
utterances on this subject that we hav
seen and has been often cited in later
cases.
University of Pennsylvania.
responsible through whatever agent ha
may act. it would seem that the duty
ousht to be equally great to keep them In
repair and to be holden for the conduct of
those who act for him in thl3 regard.
Opinion of the Supreme Court of
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE LIABILITY OF CORPORATIONS.
Copyright, 19OO,.by Seymour Eaton.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1900.
Order of Chosen. Friends.
Five candidates were Initiated in Ban!
cia Council, on the occasion of Its last
held meeting. »
Last Thursday night Past Supreme
Councilor C. M. Arnold was present In
Social Council, and acting as councilor
initiated into the council his son. M. Ar-'
nold. who that day attained his eigh
teenth birthday. He la the youngest bene
ficiary member In the Jurisdiction. The
initiating officer was assisted by a fall de
gree team. At the same time Miss Stella
Baceus. daughter of an old-time member
was also Initiated. The event was fol
lowed by speeches and tfca •wvtnf of lea
cream and cakes.
Cars Collide
There was a collision between two cars
yesterday morning, which, had not both
been empty, might have caused serious
disaster \o life and limb, j About 8 o'clock
a car of the Powell street line going down
Mason street hill ran with full force Into
one of the cars of the Jackson street line
at Washington and Mason streets. knock-
Ing the latter completely oft the track and
tearing away part of the rear of the con
veyance. It was claimed that the foggy
weather was the cause of the mishap.
Those -who ; witnessed the accident say
that had- there been passengers aboard
either car. there would have been more se
rious damage than the breaking of a car.
Pioneers Elect Officers.
The annual meeting: of the Pioneer Row-
Ing Club was held at the clubhouse on
Long Wharf "on Sunday. The principal
business was the nomination and election
of officers to serve during the year 1901.
The following named were elected: James
E. Power, president; Fred O'Neill, vice
president; Robert J., Espy, secretary; J.
T Sullivan, treasurer; Edward Murphy,
captain; John O'Leary; vice captain;
George Collopy. James Brennan and
Frank Rafter, trustees; Thomas Sands,
Louis Derre and Richard Collopy, dele
gates to the Pacific Association of the
Amateur Athletic Union; George Lawson,
sergeant-at-artns.^ . ¦ ••
The question of new quarters for the
club was discussed, and Thomas Sands
was ; appointed chairman ot.a committee
of the whole/ toflook out for and report
on a suitable site. ,
INTERESTS THE COAST.
IV
9
GRAPE-NUTS
Grape=Nuts
for breakfast
Grocers sell it.
Grape Sugar
is one of the most
Delicate Sweets
in food
"AFTERNOON TEAS.'
St. Louis, Mo., Ladles Serve the
New Food Delicacy.
At some select afternoon "teas" in
St. Louis, Mo., the ladies have been
serving the new food delicacy. Grape-
Xuts. and it has become very popular,
owing to its novel and ncver-to-bc-for-
gotten flavor as well as the fact that
it is ready to be served . without anv
preparation whatever, a most desirable
feature for hurry breakfast and lunch-
con. . — _
TRYEvans' , Ale and ¦ Stout
Are Just ¦ rl«ht in '• body. *. head.* taste and fra
erance.-Bottled by makers— sold everywhere. •
A Musical- Entertainment.
The . Ladies'.*; Society of \ St. Matthew's
German Lutheran Church. will give a rnu
elcalentertalnmentat Union Square Hall
421 Post street; this evening.
Tire Sh'riners' Beception.
The formal reception to the. Bhriners
who recently returned from the Hawaiian
Islands on the - Zealandla . by those ¦ mem
bers of Islam Temple ¦who did . not go
will be held ln Golden Gate Asylum, on
Sutter street, on the n!ght of Wednesday,
the 14th Inst. The committee that has
assumed the task of giving the pilgTims
a hearty -welcome* proposes -to- make the
event one that will form a bright page
in the history. of the. temple... -..,_*.
Mizpah i Apron Sale.
The Mlzpah Charity Club announces a
sale of aprons and neckties, to be held in
the parlors of the Swedenborgian church.
1620 O'Farrell street, on the afternoon and
evening of. Friday, .November 9, for the
benefit of the club's charity; fund. A large
attendance r ; Is 'hoped : for : and the ladies
promise many, .pretty, novelties : in the
necktie and i apron ¦ line. • .- . '
BORLAND MANAGES TO
GET A SQUARE 1 DEAL
Money Is Stolen From His Purse and
Timothy Galvin Is Booked for
Petty Larceny.
J. A. Borland, a visitor to the city,
called at police headquarters yesterday.
He had with him Timothy Galvin, a cook,
and he explained that he.,belleved Galvin
had robbed him of $30. Galvin denied the
charge . and Captain Seymour handed
them over to Detectives Harper and Arm
strong to make an investigation. The re
sult was that Galvin was booked at the
City Prison on a" charge of petty larceny.
Borland arrived in the city Monday
night and registered at the Olympla lodg
ing house on Kearny street, between Jack
son and Pacific. He went to a saloon close
by and met Galvin and another man.
They had several drinks at Borland's ex
pense and Galvin. who rooms in the Bame
house, saw Borland to ' his room. Yes
terday Borland missed the $30 ln gold from
his purse and he hunted 1 - up Galvin and
compelled him to go to police headquar
ters with him so that he might have a
"square deal." ". ;
or- the two clean-ups, and they were not
allowed to say how or where the mine
should be worked, j •
The fact* that the court insists on work
ing the claims at all is looked upon with
suspicion by the miners. It will do no
harm to allow them to He idle— that is no
harm to any one except the company — and
the receivers who have so far been ap
pointed have ' been anything but mining
men. The presumptive owner of the prop
erty is not allowed to say how he wishes
his property to be worked; where shafts
shall be sunk or gravel sluiced, nor what
machinery shall be brought upon his
ground and paid for out of his dust, while
his own claim is being worked In a way
that he has no use for. The gold will take
care of Itself without a receiver, the min
ers say, and they ask that the suits be
carried on by injunction, but while the
Injunction lasts there Is no gold going
into the custody of tne receiver. In th'.s,
tne miners claim, lies the reason for the
process by receiver that is wrecking tho
claims of Nome.
McKenzie did not leave his apartments
in the Palace Hotel all day. His meals
were brought to his room, and in the
evening ; he received the election returns
from messengers, who gathered the fig
ures from the bulletins on The Call build-
Ing. . • .
t The accused continues to maintain
a Sphinx-like attitude when It comes to
talking about his side of the case, and la?t
evening he again peremptorily declined to
make a statement to' the public through
the newspapers. He Is acting under ad
vice of his counsel. T. J. Geary.
Geary was closeted t with his client for
a long time last evening, and it is under
stood that a request for a continuance of
the case will be made to-day. ¦
paying and concealing the fact that those
claims were all under a litigation that It
dared not see carried to its last issue.
It was charged that ln violation of the
law McKenzie allowed some of the gold ln
his charge as receiver to be taken out of
the country, and McKenzie admitted as
much, but he said he could easily ma«.e
the amount good. He did not say • ¦where
the gold had gone to, but within a short
time Bume nne specimens were placed on
exhibition ln the windows of the office in
New York and it was noised abroad that
Alaska Gold Mining stock was to be the
great thing as soon as It could be placed
upon the market.
It was a case of playing both ends
against the middle. The miners were to be
despoiled in the gold lields and the brokers
were to be fooled on the street, while in
the meantime the stockholders were
growing rich upon the profits.
In the cases of the Wild Goose Company
«Lnd the Pioneer Company it is not thougnt
that there has been mucb gold lost, but ln
other cases something has happened to
the mines. In the Topkuk district there
was a mine known as the Black Eagle,
which was famous as the richest mine
ln the district. It had been worked only
enough to show its prospects, and then
while the owners were waiting for better
machinery to develop the mine to its full
est value, the inevitable receiver -stepped
in. For more than a month the receiver
worked the claim and in that time he re
ported two clean-ups. Under ordinary cir
cumstances miners on good claims Jn
Nome clean up every two or three days
at the most. And then when the report
for the month or more was finally turned
in It was shown that the Black Eagle had
yielded but $1000 over the labor expenses,
and the receiver and the machinery had
yet to be paid for. And the Black Kagle
mine had been thought to be a property
of tremendous value. The receiver at that
time was llrst a man named Cameron
but later, atter it was found that his ad
ministration was not so satisfactory to
the court as It might have been, he was
removed and McCormick. the vice presi
dent of the Alaska Gold Mining Company
was put -In his place. The attorney for
the. Jumper on whose dubious title the suit
had been brought, was also the attorney
for the receiver. The oVners of the prop
erty were not allowed to watch the sluices
WOMAN OFFERS
TO ASSUME WORK
OF POLICEMEN
Annoys Children.
Mrs. Gregerson Says She
- Will Capture Man Who
"This thing is becoming too frequent."
said the lady: "it will have to stop. I In
tend to watch for the man myself, and I
intend to catch him. I have several times
escorted my little girl to school and each
time I armed myself with a police whis
tle. ¦ I just wished he had crossed my
path then and I would have put an end
to the annoyance." •
The police took a report of the matter
and will endeavor to spare Mrs. Gregerson
the trouble of doing police duty.
For some time past a man who Is de
scribed as tall, dark complected, and well
dressed has been in the habit of waiting
on street corners in the neighborhood of
primary schools and frightening little
girls. On many occasions parents have
reported to the police that their children
have rushed home with their young lives
nearly scared out of them and told of
thrilling escapes from the lone stranger.
Some of the children have met the man
on their way to school, and the principals
of several institutions of learning have
also made complaint.
The police officers have spent some time
in an attempt to locate the much wanted
man. Two weeks ago an arrest was made,
but the children who were summoned to
the police station for the purpose of iden
tifying the prisoner said the party under
arrest was not the man. Mrs. Gregerson
said that her little girl had been followed
by the man near the corner of California
and Jones streets. \
Mrs. K. Gregerson, who resides near the
corner of Washington and Hyde streets,
amazed the officers at the North End po
lice station yesterday by announcing 1 her
Intention to capture a man who has for
some time annoyed the school children in
the neighborhood of California and Jones
streets. She stated that on previous occa
sions she had lain in wait for the objec
tionable party, and if he was not landed
behind prison bars soon she would assume
the responsibility of placing him there
herself.
CHOKED INTO
INSENSIBILITY
BY A MANIAC
Lilly Edwards Attacked and
Leit Unconscious by
a Strangler.
A short time afterward a lodger heard
the Kd wards woman groaning, and going
to her room found her in an unconscious
condition. Her throat was bruised and
bleeding, showing that the strangler
meant to kill her. Had it not been for
the landlady of the house Miss Edwards
is satisfied that she would have been
killed. She describes her assailant as be
ing about 40 years of age, well dressed
and wearing- a full beard. She is positive
that she would be able to identify him
in case he is arrested. Several police offi
cers have been on the lookout for the
man since, but have been unable to get
a trace of him. They claim that his mo
tive was not robbery, as there was a
purse on . the bureau containing several
dollars, which he did not take.
Baffled ln his attempt to strangle the
landlady the man hurriedly left the house
and ran down Bush street.
Lilly Edwards, a woman of the half
world, is congratulating herself that she
i3 not occupying a slab in the Morgue.
Several nights ago a well-dressed man
entered her room In a lodging-house on
Bush street, near Grant avenue, and after
introducing himself- as a relative of the
(. zar of Russia grabbed her by the throat
and proceeded to strangle her. Realizing
that she was in the hands of a maniac
the woman tried vainly to force him to
release his hold, on her throat. She man
aged, however, to shout once for help.
Her scream brought the landlady, and on
going to the room from which the cries
emanated she saw the strangler standing
over his victim, his lingers tightly clutch
ing her throat. Taking a police whistle
from her pocket the thoroughly fright
ened woman proceeded to blow it, when
the murderous stranger released his hold
on his victim's throat and started to at
tack the landlady. After knocking: the
whistle from her mouth he tried to grab
her by the throat, when she struck him
with her open hand and quickly ran into
her room. .
are coming, when home amusements call
for new. clean playing cards. Our new
series Is superb and novel. Army and Navy
heroes on court cards. We send them prepaid
for 25 cents a pack, money or stamps. Malt-
Nutrine Dept. Anheuser-Bu3Ch Brewing Ass'n,
St. Loula, Mo. ¦ ,
Winter Evenings
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' . Exchange, , San Francisco, Cal..
November 6, 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at' exactly noon to-day—
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock r>. m.-. Greenwich time. ¦
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Comr.jander, U. S.. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
Terrence Hughes, the keeper of a small
restaurant at 52S& Third street, assaulted
his wife with a pair of shears last night
stabbing her In the abdomen and cutting
her on both hands and wrists. The w;fc
was removed to the Receiving Hospital
and Hughes was charged at the City
Prison with assault with a deadly weaooii
by Police Officer Koegel.
Hughes, in order that his wife might
not escape from him, locked the door of a
small room and proceeded to beat her.
He then picked up the shears and struck
at her several times, one blade penetrat
ing the left side of her abdomen, inflicting
a painful wound. Neighbors, attracted Dy
the noise of the scuffle, summoned the
police officer. "When Hughes saw him
coming he grabbed a number of teacups
but Koegel forced the door and placed
Hughes under arrest before he had time
to use them.
The stabbing was the culmination of a
number of family jars.
HE STABS HIS WIFE
WITH PAIR OF SHEASS
OAKLAND, Nov. 6.— The Daughters of
Israel Relief Society will make an im
portant change ln Its by-laws and in its
work at a meeting to be held to-morrow
afternoon in the vestry of the synagogue
at Twelfth and Castro streets. The change
of by-laws will affect the officers, who will
be elected In January instead of July.
The sewing class for little girls will be
reopened under the direction of Mrs. Let
ter. Mrs. Letter will be assisted in the
work by Mrs. Alexander, Mrs. Bernstein,
Mrs. Huffmann, Mrs. Goldberg, Miss
Abrahamson. Miss Bernhelm. Miss Rosen
berg, Miss Danielwitz and others.
Changes in By-Laws.
TO ARRIVE.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
th« »urly morning tides arn. Riven ln the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order ot occurrence as to time of.
day. the third time column the third tide and
the last or ri*ht hand column Rives the last
tide .of the day. except when ihern are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
elver, are In addition to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slcn (— ) precedes .h<* height, ami
then the number given Is eub'.i-acted from the
depth el ven by the chart*. The plane of refer
ence 1j the mean of the lower low waters.
*
Steamer Movements.
Schr Mary Etta. Anderson, Bowens Landing.
Sehr J Epplnger. Skipper, Stewarts Point.
DISASTER.
PORT TOWNSEND. Nov 6— Stmr Roanoke.
from Nome, reports total loss of Etmr Cleveland
at Nome.
MISCELLANEOUS
VICTORIA. B C, Nov 6-Br stmr Duke of
Fife, previously reported, returned. She has six
feet of water in hold No. 2. Is discharging
car;o.
i'armanah wires Columbine towing Umatllla
reef lightship to station.
VICTORIA. Nov 6 — The Br stmr Empress of
Japan was in collision with the Br bark Battle
Abbey. Both returning.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOnOS. Nov 6. 10 p m— Weather
fog-gry; wind NE. velocity C miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CRESCENT CITY-Sailed Nov 6-Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Nov 5, at S p m— Stmr
Grace Dollar, for San Francisco.
T A COM A— Sailed Nov 6-Schr William Ren
ton, for San Francisco; schr Salvator, for San
Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Inward Nov 6—
Stmr Al-Ki, from Alaska; stmr Roanoke, from
Nome.
Arrived Nov C— Ship Charmer, from Unalaska.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 3 — Nor stmr Kvar
ven. from St Michael. Nov 6 — Stmr Willa
mette, hence Nov 2; stmr Roanoke, from Nome;
etmr AI-Ki, from Dyea; Btmr Rainier, hence
Nov 3.
Sailed Nov- S — Dr stmr Mosul, for Tacoma.
Nov 6 — Ptmr Mackinaw, for San Francisco.
CCQU1LLE RIVER— Sailed Nov 4— Schr Ame
thyst, for San Francisoo.
EUREKA— Sailed Nov 6— Schr Serena Thayer,
for Kahului; stmr. Samoa, for San Francisco;
stmr Pomor.a. for San Francisco; stmr West
port, for Pan Franclfeo.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Nov C— Bktn Port
land, from San Pedro.
Sailed Nov 6— Dktrr Retriever, for Caleta
Buena. j .
NEAH BAY— Passed in Nov 6. at 9 a m—
Stmr EUhu Thomson, from Nome.
CASPAR— Sailed Nov 4— Stmr Luella, for
San Pertro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov 6— Schr Gem.
hence Oct 1?.
Sailed Nov 6— Schr Win Olsen, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr Colombia,
hence Nov 4; Etmr Del Norte. from Eureka.
Sailed Nov C— Ger bark Altalr. for Queens
town; Br ship Dalcalrine, for Queenstown.
HILO— Arrived Oct 22— Bktn Geo C Perkins,
In port Oct 22— Bark Santiago.
MAHt'KONA— Arrived Oct 20— Schr Bangor,
from Port Townsend; brig Consuelo, hence Oc
tober ?.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 10— Br stmr Mlo
wera. from Vancouver: bktn S G Wilder, hence
Oct 10. Oct 23 — Stmr Conemaugh, hence Ocl IS;
bktn Gardiner City, hence Oct 14. .
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Nov 6— Stnfr Homer,
from Eureka.
FOREIGN PORTS.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
VICTORIA — Arrived Nov 6 — Dr stmr Em
press of Japan, hence Nov 5, for Yokohama,
returned for reDairs.
LIVERPOOL. — Sailed Nov 6 — Stmr Ultonla,
for Queenstown and Boston. Nov 5 — Stmr No
madic, for New York.
SYDNEY— Sailed Nov 5— Stmr T\arrlmoo, for
Vancouver.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 6— Stmr Cevic. for
Liverpool; stmr Lahn, for Bremen, -via South
ampton.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Nov 6— Stmr Pretoria,
from Hamburg, for New York.
Arrived - Nov 6— Stmr Patricia, from New
York, for Cherbourg and Hamburg, and pro
ceeded.
TAKU—Ai rived Nov 2— Stmr Nuremberg,
from San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov 5— Stmr Lake
Mr-santic. from Montreal, for Liverpool; stmr
Oceanic, from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Unit*-?! States Coast and Geodetic Surrey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, .. ntranca Jo San
* ¦ - .
AMERICAN SHIP KENILWORTH OFF THE HORN UNDER SHORT CAN
VAS IS THREATENED BY A METEOR. CAPTAIN' TAYLOR HEARD
THE WHIZZ OF THE MOLTEN MASS.
Phelan Relieved of Money.
Thomas Phelan of 312 Collingwood street
was treated at the Receiving Hospital last
evening by. Dr. Bunnell for a number of
lacerated wounds of the scalp. Phelan.
was standing near the corner of Third
and Market streets reading 1 * election bul
letins and failed to get out of the way
of a south-bound electric car. He was
knocked down and rolled along the track
for a short distance. He was taken into
a hallway and he claims that while he
was 4ying there in a semiconscious con
dition some one relieved him of $3 50.
After treatment at the hospital Phelan
was removed to his home.
QXTEEN IN FROM HONOLULU.
Brings Many Passengers but Little
It Came Sailing Out of a Thunder Cloud and Struck the Water
Nine Feet From the. Starboard Bow. ; ..
V m y HE American ship Kenllworth
I sails for Europe to-day and Cap-
I tain Taylor goes out mad, clear
JL through. As a master mariner
he had every right to cast h!s
vote, but the Registrar refused to allow
him to use the ballot because the ship ar
rived here on September 26 and Captain
Taylor could have registered from his
home on Taylor street. This meant a
vote lost to the administration.
The Kenllworth had a hard time of
it corning: around the Horn and for fear
of a similar experience Captain Taylor is
leaving his wife and family ln San Fran
cisco. Hitherto the big four-masted bark
has been a family boat and a governess
always formed part of the crew. On this
occasion, however, Master W. C. Taylor,
the captain'6 son, wants to take a course
at the Lick School and Mrs. Taylor wants
to stay back because her mother la now
past the "three-score-and-ten limit and
may r&su away any day.
On her last voyage the Kenllworth came
near being wrecked by a meteor. It was
at 9 a. m. and off the Horn. The Bhip
was under upper topsails and all hands
were on deck. Suddenly a meteor came
out of a thunder cloud and for a moment
it was thought the Kenilworth would be
struck. "It came exactly ln our direc
tion," said Captain Taylor yesterday,
"and for a few moments I thought we
would be struck. I couid hear the whizz
of the lump ct molten matter as it came
through the air and I guess the bulk of
my men were on their knees when it ;
.struck the water. To tell you the truth,
I was a little bit shaky about the knees
myself. That . meteor struck the water
about nine feet oft* the starboard bow and
as the water .sizzled up a big dgh came
up from my lungs. It was the narrowest
escape I have ever had in twenty-five
years of sea life."
Captain Taylor stands ace high with the
Sewalls and expects to make the run of
the season to Cork. The Kenilworth is a
clipper.
Extra News.
The steamer Queen, under charter to
the Oceanic Steamship Company, arrived
from Honolulu yesterday. She made the
run down in good time and came back in
ten hours better than the schedule. She
was not expected until this morning and
therefore surprised everybody when she
came alongside her dock last night.
The following come as cabin passengers
on the Queen:
C L. Wrlpht and wife. Mi«s J. Hromada,
Mlso A. Hromarta. Miss M. Smith. O. Sta'.l
man atri wife, Mrs. A. R. ConUlln. Sister
Vincent. J. W. Iturnham and wife. A. G.
Olenn. wife and child, A. Harris and wife.
Miss Harris, E. B. Thomas and child. A. F.
HuumKarten. Sister Bonaventora, Sam 'Well,
G. W. Toojnb. R. C. Lennie. A. A. Whitely.
W, F. Uixey. T. C. I»a!dv.-in. H. B. Ream. J.
II. i?nohn. YV. S. Brann. Dr. T. J. Frazcr. Dr.
H. T. Hendric, D. Maducn. Mrs. J. Cohen.
I". Lewis, Miss G. E. Muretand, Miss A. \v.
Ha.vf, Miss M. I* Rcail. C. P. Faulkner. Miss
Liowiilr.fr, Oeorpo H. Farnsworth. G. A. Rath
l'urn. J. H. Marklns, F. 8, OfRood. C. A.
O.ilhraith and wife, Mrs. W. S. Dole and
cliild, H. I.arkin and J. Ilanrahan.
Water Front Notes.
The betting along the front is that the
Cleveland is not a total loss. A press
dispatch from Port Townsend says that
the vessel went ashore in a pale and be
came a total wreck. Shipping men say
it is impossible to wreck the Cleveland
and that she will come into port ucain.
In any event, the underwriters will bet 1
to 2 that the old-timer will once more
come into port.
The Manauense came Into port yester
day from Oyster Harbor. She will dis
charge and then 'outfit for her initial
cruise to Mexican ports.
Shaari Zedek Officers Elected.
The Congregation Shaari Zedek, at its
last annual meeting, elected the follow
ing named officers for the ensuing year:
President. E. Friedman; vice president,
M. H. Lichtenstein; secretary. Samuel Po
lack: treasurer. Solomon Levy; trustees,
B. Kockell. S. M. Cohn. T. Oohn. I. Har
ris, B. Cohen: cantor, the Rev. A.- Brown;
stxton and collector H. Rothman.
A. H. Sanborn to Lecture.
A. H. fianborn will deliver, a lecture In
the Temple. 117 Turk street, \«n Wednes
day, the 7th inst., at S p. m. Subject,
"The Nineteenth Century-" The public
are Invited.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Tuesday, Xorember 6.
Ftnir Queen, Reilly, 6 days 19 hours from
Honolulu.
Stmr St Paul Hays. 13 days 13 hours from
Some, St Michael. Unalaska and Seattle.
reka. In tow of ttmr Eureka.
t-'tmr Eureka. Jessen, 30 hours from Eureka,
wiih stmr Phoenix In tow.
Stmr Argo. Curtis, 58 hours from Coqullle
niver.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Jahnsen, 24 hours from
Eureka; bound south; put in to land passen
gers.
Stmr Cleone. Miller, 70 hours from TiHamook,
via Poir.t Arena 11 hours.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson. 41 hours from Port
Los An;eles. •
Stmr Oeo W Elder, Randall, 13 hours from
Portland, via Antoria M hours.
Dr 6trr.r Manauense. Barnejon, 78 hours from
Oyster Harbor.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, 30 hour% from Iver
sens Landing.
Schr Eliza Miller, Lempke, 7 days from Eu
reka.
Schr B«»nd«T Brothers, 'W'etzel. 24 hours from
Flsliermans Bay.
SAILED. /
Tuesday, November 6.
Ptmr Fanta Barbara. .Tahnsen, San Pedro.
Ftrr.r Newsboy. Lundquist. Usal.
Rtmr Coqullie River, Thompson, Grays Har
bor.
Ftmr Gipsy. Ltland. Monterey.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, Fort Brage.
Stmr Whltesboro. Olsen, . .
7\'or Btmr IJereenhus. Svendsen. Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Portland.
Hark li P Cheney. Johnson. Tacoma.
Contempt Prccsedings May
Bring Forth the Whole
Controversy.
Scandal That May Reach From
Xoiae to Washington Waits
en the Result of the
Litigation.
This morning the contempt proceedings
against Alexander McKenzie. of Nome
¦will be tried before tbo United States
Court of Appeals. It is probable that the
trial ¦will develop £t:is«ttions that will
rea.ch from Nome to San Francisoo, and
from San Francisco across the continent
to Washington. The whole outrageous
trato ol aftaJrs in the gold fields may be
cragced to the light, and there may be
heads and reputations and netaxious
liupes in tlie basket before the ca&e luus
been tone through with.
So £ar the defense McICenzie ¦will make
lias not beea outlined, but It is suggested
ia aa utterance of Judge »\'oyes, vmen ne
said Uiat there was no appeai to any
;.. Iaci, UtMX ills was a.n luucpciiut.R ju
rituiclicii iLiiu the law v%as ttfMtOiUUujr
waul J*e ta.au it was. Thib t>ta.temeni u
. , r. . upju *us a luusUii^t, huwmcr, aim
it is t>elitvea tnai wnai. me learnea juu^e
mtaiii \\iu> itisxl tne orucr lie made ap
pointing a. receiver wad r.oi appeaiao.e.
t Jiati" intxn laws of Alaska wlucii fcu\eiii
appeals mere is a question its to wueiuer
ui not inu is s<_>, out it is exprefctfiy »ei
lortii that aii order alju\\»ns u.n injunc
tion, or reiutinjj to uissoivc an injunc
tion, ib apjjc-uiiifie. ixna ui me oriici 1 ai>
poiiiuii£ -itciveiizie a. receiver in uie uu- '
Ration ihai uas Deea enjuuerred to me j
»ocal courts there >u inciuaea an oraer !
t-:;joi:img me UeienoanLs lioiu Inzertccukg
who. lus control id me mine, aau iaiw
an orucr rentktns to ausoive this lnjuui.- \
uon. inese, it i^ heiu by me utienu<tnt«, i
iire clearij ai>peaiaole, ixna as mey cany I
\»illi them tijc oruer ol i*|'j w tftfT< jurfi; me '
wnole case can be bruiigui up. In case ;
Juage -Noyes itasoiunj, uc loiloweu oy ;
MCiveozie s counsel it will be conteadtal i
inal lie cannot be in contempt lor reius- '
i:ig to obey an order issued on an invalid |
Bfpeal.
As lur the company, every effort will :
be made to keei> it out of any litigation j
tliat may come up. it does not see* mi- ;
cation, except oi its own making, nor >
oot-s ir wish to appear in any court out- (
side of the District Court of Nome. .
1 ne whole gigantic scheme win be laid I
bolore the President, however, ana in a ¦
t'o:;gres.--iur.al tnvesujgaxUm the truth may \
be brouyht to ligin. mere is no attempt •
t"O lar to imi>< > iicn Noyes, n*>r is it prou- .
able that any such attempt will be made, i
The lacts will be allowed to speak lor i
themselves. Jn the conspiracy to ccn- '
troi the rich claims of the Nome
district, not only the Judge lnm
tett but his et-cretary, the United
Jjtatos Marshal and the Commissioners ;
are Implicated. It is charged that Arcme
liccitrr, secretary of Hie Judge, lias been
paid by the Uovernmept since Juiy 1 of '
ih:s year, althougn his appoitument bears :
cate <jf beptember IS. It is reported that i
i»t lias been practicing law in ills own j
lime and witn the chambers of me L>is- i
trict Judge as hi*, law ollice, ana has been !
lijcctpiinK Jees lrdm litigants opposing the '
Ciovernnient, when in ail justice he would '
be cxi>ecied to be found on the other
Bide. tVbeeier is known to have accepted :
n. fee of *5oO from the Alaska Commercial
Company and another fee of $I>uu from the j
AlasKa Exploration Company, and in each ',
ol these cases he is reported to have said '
that he had to split up with Judge Noyes !
fciid Joseph Woods, me Marshal.
ileuben H. Stevens, the commissioner, j
who is also the Recorder, is also criticized •
because of the peculiar methods of his
<.itice. Under ordinary circumstances if a
j-ajfCr is offered to be recorded the holder \
is told that press of business will <Selay !
i!:<» work for weeks and possibly for I
months. But if an extra fte be orfered !
tlie paper will be recorded inside of !
twenty minutes.
AH these officials and others are in- !
eluded in a ni;g that is believed to be j
looting the northern gold fields. That j
there is a conspiracy no one in tne north
doubts, and that the conspiracy has been ;
nipped in the bud by the action of i
son:e of the claim holders who |
showed nght Is believed by all. It is |
charged against the Golden Sands Mining
Company and the AlasKa CJold Mining i
Company that they are corporations
Conned lor the purpose of filching from I
the miners what they have been noiding i
lor themselves; that they are corpora- !
Uor.s lormed for the purpose of buying i
up jumpers" titles, ana that when there i
was no jumper's title to a rich claim that
they wanted they sent some emis- '
6a.ry. sometimes a stockholder, on to the !
land and had him jump and bring suit
ii,i possession against the original owner. '¦
A scheme so gigantic has seldom been !
floated and it is doubtful if it could be
evon started anywhere but above the
arctic circle.
On the gold fields the mere living of a
EMU costs well into the hundreds every
month. This he expects to set from his :
claim. Litigation costs well into the thoa- !
fands before a man's case comes into '
cciirt even to be set, and this, too. the
litigant must get from his claim. Law- '¦
Urs' fees are high and the process of the ;
I«.w is slow, and un<3er the tactics of the i
Alaska Gold Alining Company and the ' ;
DiMrict Court a man's claim is tied up !
for months, and if he holds out, for i
years. whi!«s a receiver works it in the
meanwhile and turns the g-old«over to the :
custody of the court. Miners. in Nome'
have no income t-ave what they dig from
the ground. They must pay and pay to
oppose the suits brought apainst them
ond soon it comes to pats that while their j
claims are yielding golden hordes that
they cannot touch they must let their liti- '
cation go for the want of the dust thev '
may not roach. Tbejr may compromise i
but unless they do they must give up or j
starve
In the meantime !n the office of the <
Alaska. Gold Mining Company in New j
York Flcaminc nujrgets are exhibited in i
a window and ttock is otfered on the |
¦trength of their weight and tlnene:'.*. It !
is oharpred that while at the one end the
company was forcing the miners to the
vail at the other it was preparing to float
lt« stock all over the country, showing !
iV.f gold as cvidonre that its claims were j
CASE AGAINST
M'KENZIE WILL
COME UP TO-DAY
She Was Mother of Starter Caldwell
of Oakland Track and Re
cently Arrived From
the East.
Mrs.- Adelaide Churchill, mother-in-law
of James F. Caldwell. the starter for the
Oakland racetrack, was the victim of a
fatal accident yesterday morning at her
residence, 2024 Sutter street. She was
asphyxiated by illuminating gas.
Mrs. Churchill came to this city a short
time ago from Saratoga. X. Y., wfth her
daughter and son-in-law. It . was her
habit to arise at about 6 o'clock in the
morning. She did not appear at the
breakfast table yesterday at the usual
hour, but that fact did not excite any ap
prehension, it being assumed that she had
overslept. At 9:30 o'clock Mrs. Caldwell
went to the room and found her mother
lying dead on the floor. Mrs. Churchill
was in her night dress and matches lay
on the floor near her hand. The key of
the gas burner was turned partly on, and
the room was full of the poisonous fluid.
It is believed that Mrs. Churchill arose
as usual and started to light the gas, and
that after she had turne"d the key and
before she could apply a match she was
seized with a fainting: spell and was as
phyxiated.
• Mrs. Churchill was a widow, 73 years
old, and a native of New York.
Aged Mrs. Adelaide Church
ill Meets Death by
Asphyxiation.
FULLS IN FAINT
AND GAS FLOWS
IN APARTMENT
KENILWORTH HAS NARROW
ESCAPE FROM FIERY BOLT
The ladles of the California Club held
yesterday afternoon a session of exception
al Interest and Importance. The club de
cided by a unanimous vote to begin an
educational campaign for the preservation
of the forests of California. Trie report of
a committee appointed to, discuss the sub
ject and suggest methods of proceeding
submitted a report in which the necessity
of preserving the forest lands of the
State was eloquently presented. The re
ports was unusually elaborate and pointed
out the warnings of other States and na
tions which have neglected a duty of such
paramount importance to human life.
By invitation John P. Irlsn addressed
the club and offered a series of important
suggestions. He declared that it is of
vital moment to the well being of Cali
fornia that immediate steps be taken to
protect, preserve and perpetuate our for
ests. The material prosperity of the peo
ple is absolutely dependent upon, such a
course, as physical consequences of the
most serious nature will follow the denud
ing of the forests. It is appalling, he said,
that more timber is lost every year by
forest fires in California than is neces
sary for five years of economic use.
The national Government should be
urged to take measures adequate for the
protection of the forests. The State gov
ernment should be asked to provide money
for guarding against fires. Legislation
should be enacted to govern lumbermen
and their treatment of forests. Our two
universities should be encouraged to es
tablish schools of forestry and to develop
educated foresters. The need of all this
is imperative, and the speaker congratu
lated the members of the club upon their
activity and intelligent interest in a cause
which ««? essentially one' of the most vital
importance to American life.
John P. Irish in Address Urges the
" Members to an Educational
• . Campaign of Grave
Moment.
Ladies Decide to Begin an
Aggressive Movement
at Once.
CALIFORNIA
CLUB TO FIGHTS
FOR FORESTS
THE SAN rBANCISCO CALL, "WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1900.
WEDNESDAY.. NOVEMBER 7.
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
XOTE— The hlph and low waters occur at the
<*Iiy front (Ml.«rlon-stre<jt wharf) about twenty
five minutrs later - than nt Fort Point; the
ix-iKht «>f tld<- In the fame at both places.
Sun rises \ 6 - 41
Run sets : 5:03
Moon rises 0:00 p. m.
10
O |Tlm#| ITlmel ti'lmel Time
S I Ft. | Ft. Ft. Ft.
» II-.W] <H W| |L,.W| H \V
7 ...I 4:33 2.6 10:50 6.4 S:43J— 1.0
H W L. W H W L, AV
8... 0:49 4.7 6:18 2.S 11:31 C.I 6:34—0.0
9... 1:44 4.6 bO7 3.1 12:1?. 5.9 7:24—0.7
10... 2:41 4.C 7:00 3.2 1:03 5.6 8:15—0.4
11 ... 3:3S 4.6 S:CC 3.3i 2:W>! 5.2 ! 9:09 0.0
12 ... 4:32 4.7 9:301 3.3| 3:171 4.7! 10:03i 0.5
13... 5:C5L 4.D| 11:00! 3.:| 4:22| 4. 2| 10:551 1.0
Steamer,, | Destination. | , Sails. | Pier.
Curacao ... IMexIco. ..'...'.. INov. 7, 10 am Pier 11
Umatllla ..jvictorla | Nov. 7, 11 am Pier 9
Bonlta Newport Nov. 7. 9 am Pier 11
Eureka .... Humboldt... ..INov. 7, 9 am Pier 2
Czarina ...Seattle Nov. 7. 10 am Pier 8
Gr. Dollar. Grays Har.bor Nov. 7, 5 pm Pier 2
Peru New York.; ....(Nov. . s, 1: ralPMSS
Iaqua Humboldt Nov. 8 Pier ••
Alliance ... Portland Nov. 8, 9 am | Pier 20
Sania Kosa San Diego Nov. », 11 am|Pler 11
Oeo. Elder. Portland..' Nov. 9, 11 am Pier 24
Kraplre Coos Bay. Nov. 9. 4 pm Pter IS
Pomona ... Humboldt Nov. 9, 2 pm Pier 9
Xralandla . Honolulu...... Nov. 10, 2 pm Pier 7
North Fork Humboldt..... Nov. 11, 9 am Pier 2
Coos Bav.. I Newport Nov. 11. 9am Pier 11
City PueblatVlctorla IXov. 12. 11 amlPler 9
Pt. Arena. .(Point Arena,. |Nov. 12. 2 pm|Pler 2
Steamer. I From. ; | Due.
From.
| I>ue.
Newport New York Nov. 7
Santa Rosa |San Diego Nov. 7
l'omona Eureka : Nov. 7
Emplro Coos Bay Nov. 8
City of Puebla. Victoria INov. 8
North Fork Humboldt.... |Nov. 8
I'Olnt Arena Point Arena. INov. x
Coos Bay Newport [Nov. 9
Crescent City.. Crescent City Nov. 9
City Panama.. Ac.ipulco INov. 9
Mackinaw Seattle Nov. 9
Mlm-ola Tacoma Nov. »
China China and Japan Nov. 10
Newburg Grays Harbor Nov. 10
Eureka Humboldt... Nov. 10
Corona Han Diego Nov. 11
Iris Hamburg Nov. 11
Columbia Portland Nov. 11
Robt. Adamson Nanalmo 7 Nov. 11
YV. H. Kruger. Grays Harbor Nov. 11
Hcnlta Newport Nov. 13
To .SAII... '
Steamer. I From. ; | Due.
From.
| I>ue.
Newport New York Nov. 7
Santa Rosa |San Diego Nov. 7
l'omona Eureka : Nov. 7
Emplro Coos Bay Nov. 8
City of Puebla. Victoria INov. 8
North Fork Humboldt.... |Nov. 8
I'Olnt Arena Point Arena. INov. x
Coos Bay Newport [Nov. 9
Crescent City.. Crescent City Nov. 9
City Panama.. Ac.ipulco INov. 9
Mackinaw Seattle Nov. 9
Mlm-ola Tacoma Nov. »
China China and Japan Nov. 10
Newburg Grays Harbor Nov. 10
Eureka Humboldt... Nov. 10
Corona Han Diego Nov. 11
Iris Hamburg Nov. 11
Columbia Portland Nov. 11
Robt. Adamson Nanalmo 7 Nov. 11
YV. H. Kruger. Grays Harbor Nov. 11
Hcnlta Newport Nov. 13
To .SAII... '
Steamer,, | Destination. | , Sails. | Pier.
Curacao ... IMexIco. ..'...'.. INov. 7, 10 am Pier 11
Umatllla ..jvictorla | Nov. 7, 11 am Pier 9
Bonlta Newport Nov. 7. 9 am Pier 11
Eureka .... Humboldt... ..INov. 7, 9 am Pier 2
Czarina ...Seattle Nov. 7. 10 am Pier 8
Gr. Dollar. Grays Har.bor Nov. 7, 5 pm Pier 2
Peru New York.; ....(Nov. . s, 1: ralPMSS
Iaqua Humboldt Nov. 8 Pier ••
Alliance ... Portland Nov. 8, 9 am | Pier 20
Sania Kosa San Diego Nov. », 11 am|Pler 11
Oeo. Elder. Portland..' Nov. 9, 11 am Pier 24
Kraplre Coos Bay. Nov. 9. 4 pm Pter IS
Pomona ... Humboldt Nov. 9, 2 pm Pier 9
Xralandla . Honolulu...... Nov. 10, 2 pm Pier 7
North Fork Humboldt..... Nov. 11, 9 am Pier 2
Coos Bav.. I Newport Nov. 11. 9am Pier 11
City PueblatVlctorla IXov. 12. 11 amlPler 9
Pt. Arena. .(Point Arena,. |Nov. 12. 2 pm|Pler 2
O |Tlm#| ITlmel ti'lmel Time
S I Ft. | Ft. Ft. Ft.
» II-.W] <H W| |L,.W| H \V
7 ...I 4:33 2.6 10:50 6.4 S:43J— 1.0
H W L. W H W L, AV
8... 0:49 4.7 6:18 2.S 11:31 C.I 6:34—0.0
9... 1:44 4.6 bO7 3.1 12:1?. 5.9 7:24—0.7
10... 2:41 4.C 7:00 3.2 1:03 5.6 8:15—0.4
11 ... 3:3S 4.6 S:CC 3.3i 2:W>! 5.2 ! 9:09 0.0
12 ... 4:32 4.7 9:301 3.3| 3:171 4.7! 10:03i 0.5
13... 5:C5L 4.D| 11:00! 3.:| 4:22| 4. 2| 10:551 1.0
DR. PIERCE'S ELECTRIC BELT
V, *(7>v».;A ° a . r *~«j»«» rename. Ladle*. *«* DreretH
>^£3gjL . for GIIICHESTElfS ENGLISH
|rj*^«j?5\ la Kki> Co |,, ja,,^,, Ml ; frl
¦Ei S^ KiVS i l!1 »W»« ribbon. Take no other. Brfc«a
j -1 /fc» ;: M e»i-oi«» i»«balUi>Uo» mm* lanlUf
I L / " fy M< * 1 *** Buj of yoar Drvcgist. or «e*l -4c to
\*^ %. , ff ?** KeHtf far !.•* leu." *» let t «r, by ro.
~>— — -r .tti OPB -"*11- 1 «.O«M> re«imooi»l«. 9o!« by
•a-wtMi,,^, Jl«dl»o» S«««rc. ruiJuA.. 1M-
It Costs Nothing to Consult These Keliable Specialists. An Inter-
view Will Give Sufferers a Great Deal of Valuable Information Con-
cerning Their Ailment if They Do Not Take Treatment.
no
MEYERS
& CO.,
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
ESTABLISHED 1881.
Largest Institution. Most Ex- '//yy^^^^^iMili^A /(tft'l 1 '!! vtrv"*w^VJP / //
tensive Practice. Consultation *//&//{ iw/ffitl <j\ S M*** ' ///
We cure Lost Manhood and WiW /'^rli^^jRw
¦weakness which accompanies it, 7\i**%/ft !ftv**^SFA<JV/'#SC\ "v^THS" //>•
also Private Disease. Varico- V tJHJfS iffllWWliTOMiiwn'K^Y^M: >VX
cele. Stricture. Blood Poison. \Zt£%y Syr//
Dtsrases of the Kidneys, BlaJ- ?2^fyA S^^W&S\'^Jv'^'r¥- (iWf'Vf^lf- / / y^'
Patients may pay when well or ZZzjjwf \
Private book and advice free '/jr^X \S^ '! , >^IJ[ i^^^lit^^^^
at office or by mall. Corre- IA1 H 1 V -^^&^ &~k&8*k&^ :r
spondence confidential. <n. )t' \ fi^Svj^^JV^^"
Patients supplied .with medicines" from our own private laboratory, without -harge
ELEVATOR I r 7Q>J MARKET STREET, j Hours-« to 5. "i>auy."
ENTRANCE. 1 7 01 san francisco. j SSSSiVi
SENT FREE TO MEN !
k Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
A Most Remarkable Remody That
Quickly Restores Lost Vijor
to Men.
to All Who Write
Tree trial packages of a most remarka-
ble i<-medy are being mailed to all who
•rill write the State Medical Institute,
They cur«-d so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
tree trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
hufltT from any form of sexuai weakness
lesulting Irom youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, w»-ak back,
varicoeele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at-home.
. The remedy has a p^cullarlv grateful
effect • i warmth and seems to act direct
lo the desired location, piving strength
and tkvcloi'ment .1u«=t where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from year:? of misuse cf the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, 22$ Elektron building. Fort
Wayne. Ir.d., stating that you desire one
cf their free trial package?, will be com-
plied -with promptly. The Institute ts de-
Kirouf of reaching that great class of men
who arc unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to free how c-asy it Is to l>c cured -* sex-
ual v.cakiicss rvhen the proper remedies
are ompioyed. The Institute makes no re-
striction . Any man who writes will be
•ent a fr*>e sample, carefully pealed ln a
•lain packacc. bo that Its recipient need
¦tave no fear of embarrassment or public-
ity. Headers are requested to -w-nte wlth-
©ct £cl£y.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
§>1M, VIGOR. VITALITY for MLM
MORMON BISHOP'S PELL3
have been in use over fifty
years br the leaders of ths
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures th»
worst cases ln old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cures Lost
Ulanhood. Impotency. I*ost
Power. XlRht Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains ln Back, Evil Desires, Lame Hack,
Nervous Debility. Headache, L'ntUness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Srmen. pmt Varicoeele or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne *~% tM rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects r • 'mmediate.
Impart vigor and «-= r «* ** potency to erery
function. Don't get despondent: a cure is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers: 50c a
box; 6 for $2 W) by mall. A written guarantee to
fre r e. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. ?ff^EUU
»t.. San Francisco. Cal., GRANT DRUO CO..
*S and 40 Third st
Write for new catalogue of watches. Jewelry,
silverware. Invaluable to out-of-town purchas-
ers. Hammeremlth & Field, 36 Kearny st. •
There is one thing that you
must look out for, madam, in
using
WHITE COTTOLENE
as a shortening medium for pies
and biscuits.
You'll haze to bake oftener,
because your family will demand
more, they'll be so good.
"White COTTOLENE belnff odorless, tasteless
'and neutral makes pl?s and biscuits easily as-
similated by the mest delicate itomachs.
Sl'""' " ;^f^ The NXFalrbank Company,
I r"*. mHbj ¦ j Chicago— Solo Manufacturer*.
»iSws$t'.' FREF ! Our dainty booklet.
"El."*/ JF2| mailed frr^» to any addrm. Kor
<*!5jv'!Lj l 5* I one Uc stamp we will jcaj fr*« our
CTfifflHRSfefSi 1 - 5 P a *° "vine boo 1 *. "Homo
%fc..'-«Sfcfs33££/ Ue!p»." edited by Mrs. Rorer.
ENTHUSIASTIC CONVERTS.
There Are Thousands of THem Who
Believe as This Woman Does.
Mrs. Ira Knowlton of Eutte. Montana.
Is a most enthusiastic convert to the vir-
tues of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets as a
cure for obstinate stomach trouble. Shs
says: "I had poor digestion nearly ail
my life. It now seems to me that for
years I never knew what it wa3 to be
hungry, to have a gocd natural appetite.
"I was trouble! with gas in stomach,
causing pressure on the heart with palpi-
tation antl short breath. Nearly evcry-
tning I ate soured on my s'omach; some-
times I ha.l cramps In the stomach which
almost resembled spasms •
Doctors u>ld me I ha.l catarrh of the
stomach, but their medicines WDuld not
reach it and I would still be a sufferer
?n , S ot> ln . sheer :ksp«atlon. decided
..T tr t Stn fft* £»-spepsia Tablets.
<,~J i cw JnPi" were an advertised remedy
J?f., t I ,. li " ln t believe anythins I rea.1
about thenwM I had no confidence in a.l-
remedies, but my sister living in
Httsburg wrott me last s^rlnp tellins
?«* £?' r. tU ,' irt i s had cured her
and her. little daughters of indigestion
and loss of flesh and appetite, and I hes-
ltated no longer.
"I bought a fifty cent box at my dru<
store and took two of the lur^e tablets
after each meal and found them delight-
ful to take beinp aa pleasant to the tasto
as caramel enndy. .Whenever durtr.jr th«
day or nlsht I felt any pain or uneasiness
In the stomach or about the heart I to->k
one of the smail tablets and ln throe
weeks it seemed to mo as if I had never
Known what stomach trouble was
"I keep Stuarfs Dyspepsia Tablets in
the house and every member of ou- fam-
ily uses them occasionally after a hearty
meal or when any of us have a nain or
ache in the digestive, organs."
Mr. E. H. Davis oi Hamoton. Va .
says: "I doctored five years for dyspep-
sia, but ln two months I got more benedt
from Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets than In
five years of the doctors' treatment "
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the safest
as well as the simplest and most conven-
ient remedy for any form of Indigestion.
catarrh of stomach, biliousness, sour
stomach, bloating: after jieals, sympa-
thetic heart troubfe. •
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets Is not a
cheap cathartic, but an active disestiva
remedy containing 1 the pepsin and diasta.-'e
which every weak stomach lacks, and
they cure stomach troubles because they
digest the food eaten and prive the weak,
abused, overworked 3tomach a chance to
rest. and recuperate.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold In.
every drus store ln the United States,
Canada and Great Britain.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This Is the Belt "*~| Vfr: that cure* '
WITHOUT /**2WsT^ D RUO8!i
Powerful elec- "'y£*f \^^ trie current!
All modem Ixn- J \.' provements! '
Weakness and Nervous Diseases of both
eexes speedily cured when other remedies '
fail to do the work. Lame back "knocked
o?t In 3 days. Prices reasonable. BUT '
NO BELT TILL YOU SEE "DR.
PIERCE'S." Call, or send a 2-cent stamp '
for "BOOKLET NO. 2." Address PIERCE ,
ELECTRIC COMPANY, Eleven forty-flv 9 '
BROADWAT (near *6th 8t.).NEW YORK. ,
Pacific Coast headquarters. Six twenty '
Market it.. SAN FRANCISCO. <
N. B.— Our "Booklet No. 1" tells all
about Dr. Pleree's Electrla TRUSS. It |
CURES Rupture!
eoNE more
BOTTLE OUncS
CMCBURNEY'S
A thorough euro lor
pains in the back,
BPIGHT'S DISEASE.
female troubles, incon-
-j Of urine, brick dnst deposits, bed-
wetting of children, gravel, gall stones,
dropsy, diabetes, and. rheumatism.
Thousands endorse it. Write for tasttdo-
nials. Price $1.50. AH Druggists.
W. F. McLurney. Sole Manufacturer,
418 South Spring St., Loa Angeles, Cal.
*«?¦ lSnVi^F K «c| — E~ff W£J|
fei B B BSW HP 98 PQ BHH ¦
mu BOi\| WTi7 EC3 " ITS FL
f A PERMANENT CURE f
< of 110 ? 1 obstinate cases of GonorrluM <
E and Gleet, puaranteeft in from 3 to 0 C
£ days ; ne other treatment required, 5
£ . Sold by all druggists. >Charter for Medical College.
oakllAJnu, wov. k^-ina uamajm col
¦ — —-- . — •-- •¦ • - ¦...•-7^ - ¦
OAKLAND. Nov. 6.— City Chemist J. S.
Burd. who has made an analysis of tho
Well "Water Pure.
OAKLAND, Nov. 6.— The committee
having In charge the subscription for the
purchase of a Yelland picture for the
free library, after looking over the Yel
land collection, have decided that the
scene "Where Sluggish Tides Creep In"
Is the one most appropriate for the pur
pose. The ¦committee consists of Mrs.
Emma Shatter Howard, C. Chapell Jud
eon and Librarian Greene.
Picture for the Library.
Emulated Black Bart.
OAKLAND, Nov. 6.— Two boys less
than 12 years old, Milton Dean and Ulric
Petersen, emulated the famous robber
Black Bart by doing the highwayman act,
three boys older than themselves being
the victims. The boys were armed with
wooden pistols which they shoved Into
the faces of their victims. The yield con
sisted, of pocket knives, etc. Petersen Is
the son of a policeman and Dean is the
son of the policeman's neighbor. The in
fluence of their fathers saved the boys
from punishment.
OAKLAND. Nov. 6.— The School of Do
mestic Science has removed to 1265 Frank
lin street with a free class of sixteen pu
pils, selected from the Temescal Home,
the Harrison and Tompklns schools. West
Oakland Home, Adventist Home and Miss
Holly's Mission. The school will open
Thursday. Lessons In all the departments
of domestic activity will be given during
the afternoons to the free pupils.
On Saturday. November 24, a special
demonstration on Thanksgiving dishes
will be given In the cooking school.
Children From Public Schools and
Orphanages Given Free Tutel
age in Home Work.
TO REOPEN THE SCHOOIi
OF DOMESTIC SCIENCE
has adopted a resolution to the effect ihat
it will meet a $15,000 deficit In the High
School fund when that deficit nhall occur.
The Board of Education has Incurred a
prospective deficit larger than this amount
by $61,000 because It Insisted upon estab
lishing two High Schools In th;« city. In
opposing the adoption of this resolution
Councilman Frank K. Mott said: ? -
"It Is well understood how and why this
deficit will occur. The Council disap
proved of the manner In which this .lo
flciency was created by the Bourd of Edu
cation, yet the adoption of tho reeolu r lon
virtually Indorses the action of the board
Its adoption practically establishes a pre
cedent by which the Board of Education
may Incur any expense It pleases with the
knowledge that the Council approves It.
"I am In receipt of additional statistics
from High Schools In other cities which
prove that the cost of the Oakland High
Schools Is excessive. In some Instances It
.Is almost double that of other clt^s I can
'name. Cities on this coast, too, that have
a population as great. If not greater, than
Oakland. I believe the Council should first
pass a resolution censuring the Board of
Education, then If a deficit arises meet It
as the necessity la apparent." <¦
Councilman Edwin Meese declared the
adoption of tht» resolution would b« farci
cal, as the presmt City Council would be
out of office before the deficit will have
been created.
"For this Council to pass a res-ttitlon
binding tbe action of a future Council is
absurd." declared the Councilman.
The vote on the resolution was a«p fol
lows: Ayes — Barstow. Lemmon. Rowe
Stetson. Taylor and Upton. Noes—Mot*.
Meese and Schaffer. Absent— Cuvelller and
Glrard. ..,-_.
High School's De
ficit
OAKLAND. Nov. 6.— The City Council
Pledging the Council to Meet
Councilman Mott Protests Against
SAYS SCHOOL BOARD
SHOULD BE CEN"STJHED
In Fpite of the denials frequent and
long and loud by "Dr." William Moski
man, Oakland star baseball pitcher, the
truth is that the- genial twlrler was
wedded- last Friday at Stockton to Miss
Catherine Barsfleld, daughter of Dr. J. P.
Sarsfleld of this ;clty. and a fellow
student with"' the* amiable "doctor" at a
medical college In San Francisco. The
wedding was celebrated at Stockton, Jus
tice of the Peace Parker officiating.
Whether the affair was an elopement
everybody interested declines to admit,
but there was enough secrecy maintained
to lend color to the : story, and Moskl
man's busy denials have added to the sus
picion. In the face of these denials the
affair gained much more notoriety among
his friends than: It would have had the
young medical student not attempted to
conceal the facts/
The original report was that Moskiman
[had married a Miss Catherine M. Cura
mings of St. Helena. In a search for the
actual conditions the identity of the real
bride was .disclosed.
The young * people have been much In
each other's company and now ,that the
real bride Js known tl\cre will be no sur
prise among their friends. The mystery
of the affair was heightened because the
bride's name was given as "Cummings,"
In an effort to conceal her Identity. She
used her mother's maiden name.
Oakland Office San Frandsco Call,
1118 Broadway. Nov. 6.
Pitcher Moskiman Became a
Benedict but Tried to
Conceal It.
WEDDED DESPITE
ALL HIS DENIALS
water from the test wells at Roberts
Landing, reports that the product Is con
sidered organically pure. The report also
says that th« water from the wells bored
by Captain Roberts Indicates seepage
from the bay. It was found that this
water decreased after pumping.
leg©- of Medicine, which was recently or
ganized by a number of prominent Ala
meda County physicians. Is In receipt of
Its charter from the Secretary of State.
The ' work of organizing the college can
now go on without delay. It is proposed
to make the new Institution one of the
foremost on the coast.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
;-".'. ¦'•_ 1118 Broadway. Nov. «.
There was a panic this mornlns at the
Fred Finch Orphanage at Fruitvale
among scores of little inmates who wer«
driven out. half-naked, by a fire which
destroyed one of the buildings on tha
grounds. The blaze started In the gaao
llne engine house about 5 o'clock.
Boys from the orphanage ran half-clad
to the upper Fruitvale firehouse to sound
an alarm. They found no bell rope to
work. To reach the tall bell tower the
youngsters climbed like monkeys up- the
sides of the building, over the slippery
roof and then clanged the bell for dear
life.
Fruitvale storekeepers came to the res
cue. With flre extinguishers they has
tened to the orphanage. Neighbor;*
turned out and with th? larger boys an'l
rlrls and officers of the place formed a
bucket brigade.
A large outbuilding adjoining the engine
house was stored with gasoline. To save
this structure and Its Inflammable con
tents was the work of the volunteer corps.
It was saved and a serious spread of the
flames to the main building and dormi
tories was prevented.
The loss was not serious. Th<«re were
scores of children in tne main road bare
footed In their night clothes just as they
had been hurriedly aroused from their
beds. As soon as the . flre had been
checked the little ones were sent quickly
back to warm shelter.
Had there been unfavorable conditions
as to wind the buildings would have been
destroyed ia a afrort tlmo.
Young Inmates of the Fred
Finch Home Fight a
Dangerous Fire.
BOYS AND GIRLS
SAVE ORPHANAGE
lighting of the towns of Emeryville and
Berkeley.
It was Insured for $5000. Herman Unna's
restaurant in this structure was damaged
to the extent of $1400. He carried $500 in
surance. Howard & Reynolds, butchers,
figure their loss to be about $1000, with $850
Insurance. Dr. C. H. Lubbock's office and
library in the Potter building were de
stroyed; loss $1000. with $500 insurance.
Dr. W. H. Robinson, In the same building,
lost about $750 in Instruments and dental
supplies. He had $500 Insurance. M.
Stumpf's shoe shop also went up In
smoke.
The origin of the nre Is not known. The
water supply was inadequate and the fire
department was badly handicapped.
FEBOCIOUS BULLDOG
NEARLY KII/l^S A HORSE
Was Beaten Into Insensibility Before
He Would Loose His
Hold.
ELMHT7RST. Nov. 6.— A ferocious bull
dog belonging to Albert Barker attacked
a hay horse that was staked out in a field
yesterday, and before he was beaten off
he nearly killed the animal. The dog
hung to the horse's forelegs with his
teeth burled deep in the flesh and would
not let go. though the horse with his bur
den kicked and reared all over the Hold,
tearing up the Ftake that held him in his
frantic efforts to shake his antagonist off.
The owners of the animals* came to the
rescue at last, but they had to beat the
dog into Insensibility before he let loose
his hold. The horse was badly torn.
Barker's bulldog has been a menace to
the neighborhood for some time. A few
days ago he got loose and chewed up two
valuable hunting dogs.
IRVING SCOTT CONTEST
- AWARDS ABE MADE
Students of the University Who Ex
cel in Literary Ability Axe
Given Prizes. ,
BERKELEY. Nov. 6.— The winners of
the Irving M. Rcott prize literary contests
for the University of California, were an
nounced to-day. Thev are as follows:
Stories— FlrBt Drize (#5). "A Matter of
State," by Richard Walton Tully; two
Beeond prizes ($15), "The Guile of Gibbs,"
by Martha Nancy Gaddls. and "A Temp
tation In the Wilderness," bv John Marten
Newkirk: third prize ($10). "Naja." by
Harley M. Leote: vignette ($10), "My Cy
press Tree," by Harriet Howe. Poemp—
First prize ($10) "The Farallones." Mar
tha Nancy Ga-idis; two eecond prizes
($7 50). "Simon Mafrus." by Stanley Cog
hill, and "Whnt Gift is Thine. O Earth."
by Margaret Troili.
The judges were Professor Charles Mills
Gayley. Professor Isaac Flagg, Professor
T. F. Sanford, D. Winter and the. editor
of the Occident. Alexander Gordenker.
The etories and poems will be published
In the Occident, the college weekly. This
Is the third contest In which Mr. Scott
has given the prizes.
SCHOOL BOARD
FILLS VACANCY
Attorney Fred L. Button
Chosenin Placeof Robert
M. Price.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Nov. 6.
The Board of Education has elected
Fred L. Button, an attorney of this city,
to be a School Director in place of Robert
M. Price, who has resigned because he
has pore to Alaska to attend to business
Interest* there.
The board has made further suspension
of the rule requiring teachers In the pub
lic schools to reelde In Alameda County.
A number of Directors argued for further
suspension, because the rule did not pro
vide for residence in Oakland. The rule
-was originally adopted to prevent teach
ers residing In San Francisco. Di
rector WakeflHd contended that under
the ord«T teachers could reside in portions
cf Alameda County much more remote
from Oakland than San Francisco. He
was therefore In favor of continuing the
FUffpenrlon now in fore*?.
The board ha* directed that fire drills
tx- made compulsory in every school in the
cilv l ~' •
The thanks of the School Department
of Galvcston for the school children's do
ration of $G35 to the relief of the stricken
city's school* have Iwen formally ac
knowledged.
Preparing for Long Nights.
OAKLAND. Nov. «.— The Oakland Gas,
Light and Heat Company has leased from
the Oakland Transit Company the power
house at Fortieth and Grove FtreetB. It
If to extend through the winter months
end is for the purpose of increasing the
jK.wer of th<» liRhtinjr company, which
•will be prefeed fr>r light on account of the
cjhin of an increasing business and the
McKinley's Majority Is 6764 and
ALMOST COMPLETE RETURNS.
That of Metcalf 6346.
' OAKLAND, Nov. 7, 2:45 a. m-T-Complete
returns from Alameda County, except
thirteen out of 141 precincts, give McKin
ley 12.915. Bryan 6151. McKinlev's major
ity. 6764. Metcalf 12.478. Freeman 6132.
Metcalfs majority 6316.
Business Places on Park Street Suffer
DAMAGING FIRE AT ALAMEDA.
From a Big Blaze.
ALAMEDA. Nov. fi.— Park street was
visited by a disastrous blaze which broke
cut this morning about half-past 1 oV:lock
In the rear of the building occupied by
Heritage & Gage, painters and paper
hangers. Buildings from 1334 to 1342, w«th
a frontage on Park street of about 125
fe«t. were destroyed. These alone, it Is
estimated, were worth $13,000. Add to this
the loss on ptock and fixtures In the
burned stores and offices and the total
loss will probably come near $35,000.
Charles F. Fischer's plumbing shop was
wiped out. There was no Insurance on
It and the Iofs is calculated, to be $1200.
Fischer owned the building occupied by
Heritage & Gage. It was well covered by
insurance. Bruns & Strunz, coal and hay
dealers, lost about $2000. Five of their
horsts were burned to death. A. \. Lan
caster owned the building. It was an old
affair. The loss may reach $1500. S. L.
Potter'p building, which cost $8600 when
he bought it last spring from Mrs. Caro
line Stephenson, will havo to be rebuilt.
'¦-»:*¦
the Forty-sixth and Forty-eighth dis
tricts, where there was Republican dis
affection.
In the Forty-sixth District a fight was
made against John G. Mattos Jr.. the Re
publican nominee for the Assembly, be
cause he Is of Portuguese descent. There
was also disaffection upon the part, of
Deputy County Clerk J. C. Crooks of
Haywards, who was defeated by Mattos,
and the friends of Mattos claim that
Crooks made an effort to defeat his suc
cessful opponent. A strong effort was
made by the party managers to elect Mat
tos because of the great. Influence that he
wields among his countrymen.
In the Forty-eighth Assembly District
a flght was made against Joseph M.
Kelly, the Republican nominee, because
of factional differences In the Repub
lican party and because of Kelly's sup
port of Burns during the last Senatorial
tight. Had It not been for Kelly's Burns
affiliation he would have had a walkover
In the district. Many Republicans re
fused to vote for him because of this
and some refused to vote for an Assem-
places the election officers found voters
waiting at the polls when they arrived at
6 o'clock to open the booths. The com
muters all voted before they left Oakland
for San Francisco and that accounted. In
a large measure, for the early voting. It
was estimated that by 9 o'clock one-third
of the entire vote of the cities of Oak
land, Alameda and Berkeley had been
cast and by noontime another third more
had, found its way Into the boxes.
There were several local fights, despite
the fact that there were but two Superior
Judges, six Assemblymen, one Senator
and three Supervisors to be elected, and
of these only the Judges ran at large In
the county. In some districts, such as
Alameda, the only officers to be voted for
were two Judges, an Assemblyman and
Presidential Electors.
The fights occurred In two Assembly
Districts and in each of the three Super*
vlsorlal Districts, the Democrats at
tempting to control the Incoming Board
of Supervisors, and bending their ener
gies toward an attempt to defeat the Re
publican nominees for the Assembly In
O'Brien (Dem.), 3266; E. A- Holman
(Dem.), 2S92.
For the church exemption amendment,
5920; against, 8252.
HAPPENINGS TN OAKLAND
THEOUGHOUT THE DAY
The Election "Was. Vsry Quiet, but
There Were Several Local Fights
That Attracted Attention.
OAKLAND. Nov. 6.— To-day's
election was probably the
quietest that was ever held In
Oakland. There were a few lo
cal contests.' that Just broke
the awful monotony of the dropping- bal
lots, and that was all. Police arrange
ments were perfect and the saloon-closing
law was rigidly enforced, and up to the
time the polls closed there was riot a dis
turbance anywhere in the county.
The vote came in early and In many
Ten precincts compute out of fourteen
in the city of Alameda give McKinley 1231,
Bryan 3S2. Metcalf 1241. Freeman 35S.
OAKLAND. Nov. 7.— Complete returns
from Oakland city at 2 a. m., except five
precincts. Rive McKinley 6621. Bryan 3H34.
Mefalf 53S5. Freeman 35SD.
publican Majority to Be 3267.
Nearly Complete Returns Show Re-
Up In Precinct 12 Professor C. M. Gay
ley and Professor M. E. Jaffa wer«» amontj
the early voters. Warring Wilkinson and
other men from the Deaf and Dumb Asy
lum were also on hand promptly. In Pre
cinct 13 Professors E. E. Brown, W. B.
Rising. S. B. Christy and W. E. Mage*
put their ballots In during th« morning
hours.
McKINLEY VOTE DX OAKLAND
As a general thmg the university pro
fessors got their votes in eariy. President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler ca«t his ballot at
9 o'clock In Precinct 1. I-ater he discov
ered that he ¦was also registered In Pre
cinct 2. This mistake was made owing to
a recent chanzr» in thp president's resi
dence. His correct voting place was Pre
cinct 2. but he cast a ballot in the First
Precinct ¦without challenge.
BERKELEY, Nov. 6.— A very qr.iet elec
tion was held in this city to-day. The vote
was large in all of the precincts. The early
vote was unusually large., half of the bal
lots being cast before 10 o'clock.
President Wheeler Discovers He la
Registered Twice and Votes
In Wrong Precinct.
QUIET ELECTION DAY
PASSED AT BERKELEY
Judge. Gentry and Williams dropped out.
leaving the fi?ht between Edgar. Lloyd
and Lord. Th * complete returns from all
of Berkeley city show: Edgar 1173. Lloyrt
673, Lord ,~S).
At this hour complete returns from
Berkeley city fhow a total vote* of 2T7v
out of which McKinley gets 1<55£>. Brvan
:#0. Debs 75, Woolley :>4. This gives Me-
Kinley a plurality of lOtf and a clear ma
jority of £>40 in Berkeley.
OAKLAND. SCOT. €.— Alameda !
County elects a complete set of
Republican officers and will j
give McKinley a larger ma- I
jority than it p-ave him four
y^ars ago. The local officers elected are : j
Superior Judges. John Ellsworth and F. j
B. Ogden: State Senator. G. It. Luken=». j
Asperabiymen— Forty-sixth District, John j
G. Mattes Jr.; Forty-seventh District, j
Joseph R. Knowland: Forty-eighth Die- ]
trlct. Joseph M. Kelly; Forty-ninth Dis- !
trict. David W. McWade; Fiftieth Dir- S
trlct. J. A. Bliss; Fifty-first District. Dr.
N. K. Foster. Supervisors— First District. j
C. F. Homer; Fourth District. H. D. i
Rowe; Fifth District. John Mitchell.
Many of the districts In Alameda Coun- :
ty are very large and The vote did not •
come in as rapidly as was expected. It I
was known that there w^re some con
testa in some of the districts, but as the
returns began to come in it soon becami :
evident that every one of the Republican i
nominees had been elected. The Forty- j
eixth District finally got behind Mattos :
fend Kelly got out In the Forty-eighih and '
made a hard flght to offset ine one being !
made against him. The other Assembly
districts were never in doubt for a. mo- I
xnent.
In the Supervisorial districts the Repub
lican nominees had everything their own ;
way. In th« First District it was *
ezra.tgiitAy*ra.y fig-tit between Horner and '
'>Vf!ls ard Homer won. In the Fourtn
District Rowe hsd very little trouble.
Roeth and Tiffany did not get the vote
that was expected and English had lit- :
•> support in the Seventh Ward and in
Berkeley, though he got some extra votes
In the Fifth and Third wards. In the
Fifth District Pelouze rot quite & vote. •
but the Republicans stayed with Mitchell. -
The form of the new ticket did not help
the Independents.
For State Senator Lukens had every'- i
Thing hJs own way and the Republican
! At 1 a. m. partial returns from 118 pre
cincts of Alameda County give McKinley
j 62S7. Bryan 4246. Debs 587, Woolley 210. Met
j calf SGS4, Freeman 41S5. State Senator—
Lrukens 3S35, Griffith 1419. Assembly—
i Forty-sixth District (complete), Mattos
i 1755, May 1175; Forty-seventh District,
¦ Knowland 3255. Bartlett 734; Forty-eighth
District. Kelly 1426, White 734; Forty-ninth
i District. McWade 1659 Gelder 11SC; Fif
tieth District. Bliss 1604. Mara 6S4; Fifty
first District. Foster 2697. Reboll 894. Su
pervisors — -First District. Homer (Rep.)
j 12S6, Wells (Dem.) 1113 (complete); Fourth
i District. Rowe 2674, English 1307, Roeth
1 549. Tiffany 217; Fifth District. Mitchell
! SOi3. Landregan 1S96. Pelouze 618.
I Superior Judges — John Ellsworth (Rep.),
j 10,030; F. B. Ogden (Rep.), 10,335; W. H.
In the Fiftieth District seven complete
breclncts out of eighteen give Bliss 741.
Mara 293.
'In the Fifty-first District, twelve com
plete precincts out of thirty give Foster
1010, Raboli 316.
At 12:45 the Forty-eighth Assembly Dis
trict was complete with the exception of
three precincts, the Fourth and Fifth of
the Fifth Ward and the Tenth of th<>
Sixth Ward. The complete figures except
these precincts show: Kelley (R.) 1166,
White <D.) 631: Kelley'e majority 535.
In the Forty-seventh District Joseph R.
Knowland -wins by a vote of three to one.
the largest vote given anywhere In th<»
county. Twelve complete precincts out
of twenty-eight in the Forty-ninth Dis
trict Eive McWade (R.) 644, Gelder (D.,
oil.
The complete returns from the Fortv-
Bixth Assembly District at 12:45 a. m.
show Mattos (R.) 1755, May (D.) 1175;
Ma.ttos" majority 5S0. This is almost the
normal Republican majority. The vot-j
In the Forty-Flxth Assembly District bv
precincts was: Castro Valley. Mattos 10*.
May 3S; PaJomares. Mattos 30, Mav ?):
Haywards Xo. I. Mattos 134. May 55: Hay
wards No. 2. Matto.< 105, May 52; M~t.
Eden No. 2, Matu.s 35. May 30; AUamont.
Mattos 3ft. May 40; Corral Hollow. Mat
tos 44, May GO; Dublin. Mattos 1<5. Mav
30: Sunol. Mattos f.8. May 34; LJvermoro
No. 1. Mattos %0. May 100; Livnmore No.
2. Mattos r>3. May S2; Murray No. 1, Mat
ios 67. May 47; Murray No. 2. Mattos S4,
May GS; Pleapanton No. 1. Mattos 2S. May
47: Pleasanton Xo. 2. MattoR 105. May 'Jj;
Alvarado. Mattos M. May 95; Centerville.
Mattos 174. May 31; Decoto, Mattos 43.
May 50; Mission San Jose. Mattos OS.
May 49; Newark. Mattos 82. May 28;
Xiles. Mattos 115. May 49: Washington.
Mattos 123, May 65.
OAKLAND, Nov. 7, 12:30 a. m.— At this
hour IM precincts out of 141 give Metcalf
9329, Freeman 4.\59. Metcalfs majority,
4470. This would give Metcalf a majority
of over 50h0 in this county, and as the pre
cincts yet to be heard from are in the In
terior, where Metcalf is running ahead
of his ticket, it may run above this figure.
The indications are that Alameda
County will give McKinley 6000 majority,
or 1000 more than It gave him four years
asro.
Freeman a personal campaign for Con
press gained him a very few votes in
Oakland in former Democratic precincts,
but in general Victor H. Metcalf ran
ahoad of his ticket as a just recognition
of his services to bifl party in this cam
paign. It is to be said to Mr. Metcalfs
credit that not once durlnp the entire
campaign did he mention his own candi
dacy in .ill of the many speeches that hs
made. With great modesty be urged the
suj.ort of oth*»r nominees, but never men
tioned his own name or the position for
which ho was running.
nominees fcr Judges. John Ellsworth and
F. B. Ogde-n. ran ahead of their ticket.".
Fight for Police Judge.
BERKELEY. Nov. 7, 1:13 a, m.— There
was one local fight In Berkeley that at
tracted nearly or much attention as that
for President It was the fight for Police
Town Gives President 1069 Plurality.
BERKELEY UPHOLDS McXINLEY
Some slight confusion was created by
the new election law and two prominent
gentlemen. John A- Britton, president o*
the Oakland Gas. Light and Heat Com
pany, and William G. Henshaw. president
of the Union Bank of Savings, lost their
votes from having removed after the ex
piration of the time allowed by law. One
candidate suffered In the same way.
Joseph Humphrey, the Prohibition candi
date for the Assembly In the Fiftieth As
sembly District, lost his vote by removing
and not being able to reregister.
The most bitter contest was in the j
Fourth District, where Councilman H.
D. Rowe was the Republican nominee. ;
In this district the Democrats nominated
John M. English, the only member of the !
English family who ha3 never held an j
office. Charles Roeth, the incumbent, who J
was defeated at the primaries by Rowe. i
ran as an Independent, and Walter Ti£- ]
fany. the master mechanic of the Oak- j
land Transit Company, also ran lnde- j
pendently. Roeth and Tiffany both draw-
Ing from the Republican nominee gave j
the Democrats great hope. Late last night |
the word was passed down the lin-? araont
a certain element in the Republican party
who wished to defeat Rowe to vott for
English. The desire was to defeat Rowe
at any cost and it was estimated that
English had the best chance. This fight,
like that in the Forty-eighth Assembly
Dlstiict, was a factional :>n» in the Re
publican party.
In the Fifth District W. S. Pelouze. a
Republican, ran as an independent against
John Mitchell, and Thomas C. Landregan
gathered some hope from that fact.
Otherwise the election was all one way,
and that way was Republican.
Congressman Victor H. Metcalf was the
principal figure upon the streets of Oak
land to-day. His magnificent campaign
for the entire Republican ticket had at
tracted widespread attention and wher
ever he went he was the recipient of many
congratulatory compliments. He voted
early and then made a round of. the cen
tral precincts on foot in company with
Emil Nusbaumer. T. T. Dargie and Coun
ty Expert E. B. Bullock. Mr. Metcalf
modestly disclaimed any credit for hi*
wonderful campaign, saying that It was
no more than he ought to do. but never
theless it In generallv conceded that much
of the Republican success In the Third
District Is due to his efforts.
Supervisor W. H. Church made an open |
fight against Kelly in his district. Churcn !
has been fighting Kelly and Kelly haa ;
been fighting Church for years, and Kelly t
has threatened that If he Is successful at
this election he will run for Supervisor
against Church two years from now.
Church took advantage of all of the anil- )
Burns sentiment In the district an'l t!i«
fight was very bitter. AM cf the efforts
of the party managers to heal the breach
were unavailing.
Thr- Democrats made an attempt to vln
in each of the three Supervisorial dis
tricts. In the First District C. F. Homer. I
the Republican nominee, had to contend I
with Thomas D. Wells of Dublin. Tha
fight was made upon clean lines an<! each
candidate manfully appealed to the voter*.
blynian at all. as they did not like Kelly**
action during the last session, and would
not vote for a Democrat.
ALAMEDA COUNTY GIVES M'KINLEY INCREASED MAJORITY
SNAPSHOTS OF ELECTION SCENES IN ALAMEDA COUNTY.
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1900.
11THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, ¦¦¦NOVEMBER 7, lyoo.
12
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Baa Francisco
Ca'.l, comer of Market ar.d Third streets, open
ur.til 12 o'clock every r^ght in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery etreet,
crner Clay; tt>en until 9:30 p. m.
BOI Hsyes ure^t; open until 8:30 p. m.
CCS McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. ra.
CIS Larkin etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
"'41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2201 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
t:-*ii 9 p. m.
! r C Eleventh etreet; cpen unttl 9 p. n».
V<% Valencia street; c;icn until S f. ra. ,
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken- |
tucky streets: or*»n until 9 p. m. j
?.SKETI\CS NOTICES. i
CALIFORNIA Council No. 2. R. and S. •
il -a-lll mefl THIS (WEPXESDAltJI,
I:\EN1NG. Nov. T. at S o'clock. (cr"fcj
hosiiWM and det'W! 5 . Vy order of the *^W »
T. I. M. FRANKLIN H. DAT. Recorder. !
MOUNT MORI AH L*-xlse No. 44. F. and ¦ !
jk M.— Stated meeting THIS J* |
: ESDAYJ EVENING. 81 7:30 C - ...ck. :
THEO. FROHLICH, Sec /V* j
CI:OCKETT Lodce No. 139. F. end A. m
M —Stated meotine' and oogr-ee 3. at .
i> m. sharr.. By order of the W. M. X/T.
H. FORTRIEDE. Sec. ***
EXCTLSIOK Lo3s» N(. ICC. F. and A. • j
M -Stated meeting THIS <WEDNES-^% |
• Wi EVENING. Nov. T. at "
o'elock! THEO. E. SMITH. Sec. 'Tr > j
ilORPE Lodge No. *U>T. I. O. O. F.— j^S^fcfeg,
;:-.;,;: n WEDNESDAY EVEN- -=3ig2SR£=
ING. Nov. *. A tefl attendance
requested. Visitors cordially in-
vlted. THOS. W. FISHER. N. O.
C. BRIN'D. Bee Sec
FRANCO- AMERICAN Lodge No. jgW&g*.
2tS I O. O. F.— Olfleers ar.d mem-
m r^. S "o l n y Tl^lDAT I
EVEN-ING at S |
A. LEON AURADOU. Sec. j
DXVXSXOX No. 2. A. O. H— The regu- WTJ
lar monthly meeting or this division V£\M
tv ill be held at Hibemia Hall. 120 ¦*?*,
Ninth ft., en THURSDAY. November PQ^cS
S. at 7:20 p. m.^^. p^,^
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary. '
TliE regular monthly meeting cf g^
the Servian-Montenegrin L and tVfZ}
\\ Society will be held at -J\rffT .
Kr.iRhts of I'} thia* Hall. K>3 jp^lf*V?«5
Market *t.. this (Wednes- tSTjwia j
DAY) KVKNING. Nov. 7. KM. Ktfj^C 1
All RVir.bf.s are requested to be \;CfiiX^ji |
: rr«»nt. By order of \:V> £,!$?; ->j/ j
ML X. TASOVAZ. President. "^i^ii^
SrUiO S. VrCOSAVLIEVICH.
Secretary.
ANNL'AL meeting— The regular er.nucl meeting
of the stockholders of the Honolulu Planta-
tion Con-.piJiy will be held at the office of
the ccrr.i>ary. No. 227 Market street. Sun
Frar.cisco, California, on MONDAY, the lf:th
day of November. 1S50. at the hour of 11 j
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a ;
1. «rd of directors to pnf for the ensuing '
year, ar.d the transaction of such other bus!-
nets as may come before the meeting. Tranfc-
ter b'>cks •will close en Thursday, November
£ VX'C. a.! S o'clock p. m. |
E. tt. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL nMttaj- The regular annual meet}a< j
cf the stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar i
Company will be held at the office of the com- t
j-ary, No 2^7 Market Ftre<»t. Sun ITr&nelseo. ;
Culifcraia. en MONDAY, the ISth day cf No- |
verr.bT, 1900, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., 1
for the purpose cf electing a board of /Jiree- '
tirs to serve for the ensuing rear, and the ;
transaction of ruch other business as may '
come before th» meeting. Transfer books ;
vvil! close on Thursday, November 8, 1900. at
I o'clock p. m. I
E. H. SHELDON*. Secretary.
AGETVTS WASTED. |
LOCAL tgeBtf. tvar.ted In each Pacific Coast
county: big money for l!v« men. Address •
WESTEKN FYRICIDE CO.. 29 Main St.
FHCCRE agency Xmas novelty; sample *»;. I
HaFt Import Aprr.ts' Pupply Co., 1115 Market. !
ASPHAI.TI.M ROOFING. j
JL I'1?LTIEr! B«phaJt roofing, sidewalk!; cellar !
Boon laifi. repaired: postal. U8I Mission Bt. I
ASTROLOGY.
rr.OF. TEARFALL. 1C27"4 Market st. ; readings, ;
'uture event*; questions; horoscopes; Jl up. i
1>B. C TOUSEY TAYLOR. Scientific Astrolo- ¦
jrer — Fr"e copy "The Xpw Moon." 763 Market, j
»*— '^™ "*™ — — *^^^~— ~ «* 1
ATTOH\EYS AT LAW. \
R. V.'. KING, attorney »t law. 927 Market st.. j
room €J7 — Estates, damages. attachments. '
I'ar.kruptcy. collections; all cases; fair fees; i
no advance charges; money loaned on estates. ]
ADVICE free; ilvorce law a specialty; private; I
no fee without success; collections. G. W. j
HOWE, atty at !aw. SSO Market, cor. Stockton.
J. EDW. JAURETT. Hearst bldg.. li^rd and
Market Fts. ; phone Red IZC1.
FliTllZ Rdvice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 814 Montgomery.
ADVICE tree; no charge unless, successful. W.
W. Davidson. iT! Market tt.. opp. Mason.
J.. P. CI.AP.K. Emma Spreckcls bldg.. 927 Mar- 1
ket f=t. : rnn«'.iHat!on free: no fees In advance.
BATH CABIXETS.
ytOBINSON, Niagara, Perfection and others.
W. 5=. BROWN CO.. aeency. 416 Elll* St.. S.F.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home for 2 children. t8 to $10; furnished
room for parent. 249 Shipley et.
WANTED— Oirl to board 4 or 6 years old. 3S2
I>o1orcs ft.
BISIXESS CHAXCES.
A— t WOO; SALOOK: mercantile lunch: 6 Tur^
nishfd rooms; located iO feet from Palace Ho-
tel; rent only "¦ui; a money-making place;
*ickn«^a c^miWs owner to sacrifice. Call It.
G. WILKE. 2e<* Kearny st.
A— S*rT50; CORNER liquor store and Ealoon, one
block from Call bide.: place clearing $300
j'*r month: lease; a flrst-claas business open-
in*. Call R.»O. WILKE. 26H Kearny et.
A— Jl'iO; CORNER ealoon on Kearny Bt.. establ.
many year?; must sell to-<*ay; come and make
en offer. R. G. WILKE, "CJ4 Kearny £t.
A— 17S0 — COFFEE t>a.loon. oyster and chophouse;
dese to Alcazar Theater; rent $75; a first
c!as=s "paying business; slckcets compels
owner to sacrifice. See R. G. WILKE. 2(, ! /i
Keamy *t.
A — IjQOt. ealoon on Market 6t. ; rent $75. Includ-
ing 11 furnished rooms; dally receipts about
S*>0; mercantile lunoh; lease; first-class pay-
in*? preposition. Particulars R. G. U1LKK,
<C>] Kearny st.
A — ISJO; SALOON, ertab. many years, on Fourth
ft., rect j:S; 8 living rooms; place located
c'ose to factories where 1*0 men employed;
a ff^lendld chance and bargain. Particulars
K. G. WILKE. tty~ Kearny st.
A—SZjQ; RESTAURANT on Market St.; rent
JU; a pood-paying place; sickness of wife,
compels owner to sell. See R. G. WILKE,
rc<- Kfarny Bt.
A— tCOCO; LEADING fs'.non; located between
wholesale houses, Insurance and mercantile
offices; place estab!!fh*d *° years; knowa ai
m* of the best whisky bars In this city. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26Va Kearny et.
A— 1".CC: SALOON end boarding-house with 10
furnished rooms en water front; rent J40; 2
years' lease; a cood business. See It. G.
Y» ILKC. 2?'~j jCearny rt.
A— tZJO; COP.XER saloon in wholesale district;
plac* estab. jears; good paying: no night or
Sunday work. EL G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
A— 1250; CIGAIt tttore with 4 rooms; rent $25;
place clearing $7i per month. R. G. WILKE,
rC's Kearr.y rt.
J**— COFFEE and lunch parlor: be*t business
!>art city; bargain. R. O. WILKE, 26Vj Kearny.
A-HRAXCH bakery notion*, etc.; $115; makes
living fcr family. M. GRIFFIN. 713 Market
ft., room L
A — GRCK^EIty and delicatessen snap; $500; dally
sale* $20: 3 !lv. rat. M. Grtfttn. 719 Mkt.. r. L
A-NICE furnishing pood* etore; J300; 3 living
rms. ; gnoA bus. M. GRIFFIN*. 719 Mkt.. r. L
A-J35W; HESTAT.'RAXT with bar; meals 25c:
monthly 6al** SlOC"": ertab. M years; all first
class. M. GRIFFIN. "13 Market, nr. Call big.
A— BARBER shop: $250; 3 chairs; rent $16; fine
r>la«.-* lor 2 people. M. Griffin. 719 Mkt.. r. 1
PAVING restaurant and furniture of 9 rooms;
rent of all j:.'. a month (lease); will sell with
fuT/ture or without: price $500. SCHWEIN-
HARJ> & CO.. 937 Market et.. bet. Fifth and
Fixth; rh^ne Mint 1ML
JM— SALE or trade chicken business; stock,
hor**. 2 v.-asor.F; rent 112 mo. Rasile. 2 Eddy.
JK-00— SALOON"; near Market; central: full
value stock: cause sickness. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
1 AKERY. with larjre brick oven and every-
thing complete; fine country town; cheap:
part cash. bal. time. Lane & Co.. £65 Market.
XtANS on all kinds of bric-a-brac, statuary.
curios, wedpewood. Dresden ware, ivory*.
l:ronze£. silver ware and all articles of vaiue:
lowest interest ; private entrance and room:
l*-rfect eecrecy: phone Brown 246; established
5KS1. UNCLE HARRIS, IS Grant ave.
IOME bakery and delicacy store: paying busi-
ness established; living rooms; cheap. 1517
Market Ft.
CIGAR store for sale In country town cheap;
about 36 miles from S. F. ; cood location. Ad-
dress box 7L Call ofnee.
GERMAN* wishes to invest $300 to $4P0 in sa-
loon business as partner. Box SO. Call office.
BUSI.VESS CHAXCES CONTINUED.
A— BUTCHER shop; best corner location In
city. COWING & CO.. 718 Market st.
A— CANDY and ice cream, cigars and .'notion
etore. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— DELICACY and home restaurant: fine busl-
negg. COWING & CO.. 719 Market Bt
A — ROOMING house, south Market. 14 rooms;
snap. COWING & CO.. 719 Market Bt. .
A— BAKERY, candy, echcol books, notions; bar-
gain; cheap rent. COWING. 719 Market at.
A — COAL, wood and grain business; fine loca-
tion; snap. COWING & CO.. 719 Market et.
A— ROOMING-HOUSE; fine location: bargain
this cey. See COWING & CO.. 718 Market Bt.
A— SHOE store; good location; clears $500 to $600
mo.; bargain. COWING & CO.. 719 Market 6t.
A— GROCERY and bar; best ever offered for
tale. COWING & CO.. 713 Market st.
A— SALOON downtown; money maker: come
quick. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— SODA water business for one-half Its value:
Elokn*-**. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— RESTAURANT in b<?Ft part of city: must
be told this day. COWING. 71» Market et.
A— BAKERY: clearing $200 per month; snap.
COWING & CO.. 71S Market St.
WANTED— A partner with some cash: manu-
facturing; exclusive business: good mon»v
from tJie Ftart: will bear investigation. Call
or write HERRICK. «31 Randolph St.. Napa.
BAKERS— Portable oven cheap. S252 Mission
street.
$450— RESTAURANT In good running order:
receipts $25 day; trial given. 233 Sixth et
FOR Bale— The best evening paper route In
city. Address M. C. box S3. Call office.
STATE and county rights for rale in a newly
patented household article; quick seller; big
money. f?7 Market Bt.. room 613.
GROCERY and bar In good location; stock in
Fight for full purchase price. W. L. HAR-
PER, 207 Parrott building. ;
WANTED— Chophouse or coffee saloon; whole-
*ale district or near ferry. Add, box €L Call.
FOR sale— Laundry route: established for 11
years; paying commission of $45 to $50 per
week. Box 58. Call office.
a— snap
Chop house. *33 Eighth et.
FOR SALE— J-ehair barber shop. Including
baths. Box 12. Call office.
IXP1DE route on this paper for sale. Apply
CALL business office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements «.rd subscriptions
received at Cell branch office. 220O Ftllmjre st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUfcscriptions has been established at 10S«
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
AN ELEGANT BARGAIN.
$1000 buyi the entire furniture and good •will
of a very select 10-room boarding and room-
ing house; on!y 4 blocks from City Hall and
in a most desirable locality; fully occupied; a
BPlenald paying proposition: must be sold Im-
n;edlatelv; investigate at once; call or write.
A. A. SAWYER,
100S Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
BUYERS of lodging houses will find large list;
fine bargains in lodging houses. Samples:
"^2 rooms ; rent JC4; price S1500.
"2 rooms; rent $34; price $400.
44 rooms; rent $2*.0; fine corner; clears $300 a
month; price J^OO.
TY> loan money. to buyers at 1*4 per cent.
SCHWEINHARD & CO., 917 Market st, be-
tween Fifth ar.d Sixth. Phone Mint 1911.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1C2S Market Bt
36 rooms; rent $30: only $4S0
SS rooms; rent JiO; for «50
dt rooms; must sell; only 2101
C5 rooms; corner; reduced to £08
A — 22-ROOM rooming house; central ..J1001 t
20-room house; flrst-class / 105f> j
11-room house; $<75; C-room flat 32">
20-room house; Eddy; rent $75; only 900
FISHER & CO., 1033 Market st.
12-ROOM house; Golden Gate ave $SCO
?-room house; Howard st 350
10-room house; Post st C0>)
11-roorn house; Van Ness ave COO
NATIONAL REAL ESTATE CO.. 3 Eddy.
LODGING-HOUSE. 12 rooms; a bargain; ac-
count clcknefs; good paying. 1182 Mission.
ROOMING house "of 17 rooms on account of
•sickness; cheap. 120A Eddy et.
WANTED — Respectable rooming house. 10 or
12 rooms; state particulars. Box 3SSS, Call.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 i-ar's. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CARHIAGES AXD AVAGOXS.
._ _._ , l jvi ._. j - ... .-. .¦ 1- . . j
ALL klr.ds of wagons, buggies, carte, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAS & SON, 2117 Mission Et.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ners. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs. /)r. Farnham. world-renowned
epirltual medium: advice in all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; clrs.Sun..Wed.,FrI.
ev's; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
C13 Eddy Bt.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
MRS. MAXWELL, spiritual meeting to-night;
convincing test 8. 122S Howard; read, daily.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Bixth st.. room 1.
MP.S. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busi-
ness medium, life reader; sittings SI. 1104 Mkt
EDWARD EARLE. psychic 128 . Powell et;
hours. 9 to 5; Sunday at K. of P. Hall.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mr*. C. J.
Meyer, glttlngs: convincing tests to-nlsht; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
! MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
; reader, born with double veil & second sight;
i diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c
; rents $1; palm and clalr. sit $1 50. 128 Turk.
'¦ ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
! palmist, permanently located 114S Market opp.
I Cth; private readings daily, 10 a, m. to 5 n. in.
I MMK. BERNARD reads life fluently: advice
\ given In all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
| ' enteed; 2">c up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
' REMOVED— The great inspirational card read-
• er; price ISc an'l SOc: hours 10 a. m. till 9 p.
I m. MADAME VAN BERGEN. 228 Fulton St.
j MRS. E. SANDER?, 514 Taylor st.. near Geary
! —Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
I Indies' drd« Thurs.. 2 p. m.; Frl.. 8; dr.. 25c.
j MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the great palm-
I 1st and card reader: 25c 7 Seventh st.
j MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader.me-
i dium: 25c up. ?21 Mission et.nr.4th; ring bell.
; MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
! MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future, 2.1c. 148 FIxth et., room 14.
I MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and buslnes3
I medium. 42T. Golden Gate nve.
j MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant. wa-
I ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth: German spoken.
j MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
: Flttlris dailj-. 4«8',i Jessie st.
I MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
j advice; nanics given: 2T»c up. S Fourth St.
I CAItPET IIEATINO AXD CLEAXISG.
J WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
i rend to SPAl'LDING'H Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 333-357 Tehama Rt. ; tel. South 40.
STANDARD. 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpents cleaned,
2c yd.: laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 5c per yard, laid at 6c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth et.: tel. Mission 74.
CITY Et»am Carpet-Beating Work*. G. H.
j ETEVENS. mgr., 38-40 Sth et: tel South 2M.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main ZU. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
COXKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 GolJ«n
Ga> ave.: telephone East 1?6.
cmnoponisTS.
! BUNIONS. Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure.
"¦ painless: ronsuH'n fr<t». Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
—
I COLLECTION OFFICES.
I GEORGE W. KELllY^^g^ney^No'chargTun^
j less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st
I ¦' ¦
1;_; : " COTTAGES TO LET.
UNION*. 213 A— Cottage, 4 rooms, bath; rent 13;
j no children. - -,.. v . ,
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BTJZARD'.S dog hospital. Post Flllmore-^
Advice end medicine. 75c; city visits. $1 SO; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKEnS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
FAIRFIELDS Millinery AcademyTcaU~and~ex^
amlne work; tend for circular. 1236 Market.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
I »ng. pinking. 121 Post. overO'Connar&Moffatt
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School:
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market »t.
6. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring and M'l-
Unery School; French system. 4U Van Ness.
DENTISTS.
AT" th^'ELECTRcT-lSENTXL. CLINIC. S09 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 fO up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
EIGHT prUes for beat crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Bt
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings, 50c:
crowns, $3 50; plates, full set. $5 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental\Par-
iors. 24 Sixth st.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 101'J
Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from JS per ijft; extracting. 50c; gas given.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG,
1841 Polk at
PARIS Dental Parlor. 2S5 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of tefth. $4; crowns, $3: fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F.; painless extraction,
60c. New York Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM — "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1C01 Market Et.. corner Sixth.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
ehorthand; repcrtorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
8. F— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing. lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical ajid mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sezslons; new SO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, and accredited preparatory
fchool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
learn In a limited time, take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room f.3. Thurlow block. 126 Kearny st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.: day j
and evening; Individual Instruction. $8 per
month; life scholarship. $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping a
short time with expert Tarr, 220 Parrott bldg
he would not; be wise.
MIPS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lesions by mall; acknowledged by official re-
portere best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year jrot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
ness COLLEGE. 1236 Market at.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec.. mlning,mech.,6ur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day. eve.; est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
SPANISH. French. German, singing, piano, $2
mo.; hours. 2-4. 6-8. 1236 Market, rms. 119-117.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
ing, t-panlsh. IS" Mont'y, E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION'— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night claxs. 424 Pine St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
..... ... . IT^UA3?llABb^ST7plPLY~CC). . ...... ".
24 MONTGOMERY AVE
Furnish mechanics, miners
Railroad men. ranch hands
and woodchoppers at short notice
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Poet Et., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
FOR reliable help send to Open Door Employ-
ment Office. 1272 Folsom St.; tel. Howard 1417.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn. ; tel. John 2121. SOSVi Stockton.
RELIABLE Japaness-Chlnese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Htockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Housecleanini? Co.— Waiters.cooks,
dishwashers; est. 1890. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japenese-Chines* emp. of flee— Best help
; furn.; domestic sen*. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 378.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Bext help. 4U'j O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE-
GIRL wishes situation for general housework
and plain cooking, no washing, In small fam-
ily; wages $20; no postals. 957 Howard st.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, wishes posl-
tion as housekeeper; good care of children.
Call at CS-76 Ellis st, room *>3, bet M p. m.
WANTED — A pleasant room In a good, kind
family; will teach music for the care of my
baby from S till 12. Address box 82, Call.
VEHY hard work with washing, 5160 per day;
lighter work with light washing, $1 10 ptr
day. 78 Third St.. room 10.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants place as cham-
bermaid In hotel; city. 1336*4 Natoma at,
near Fifteenth.
NEAT young girl would like to do second work.
122 Perry st., between Third and Fourth.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day;
domestic work; $1 and car fare. Box SL Call.
ELDERLY Eastern woman, neat and reliable,
deelres position; is good, economical house-
keeper, kind to children; has good references:
wages, $.10 to $12 month. 2Z0 Tehama st.
RESPECTABLE woman wants work by the
day; housecleanlng or general housework.
Call 1212A Clay st.
WOMAN wishes to do general housework: cara
for children or sick person; or will cook;
wages S25. 419 Jones Et.
EXPERIENCED girl wishes second work, sew-
ing; reference; wages 520 or $25. 702 O'Farrell.
MARRIED lady wants plain sewing or will go
out from 9 a. m. to 3 p. in. Call or address
MRS. J. C. 3103 Buchanan st.
WINCHESTER House. 41 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 2C0 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night, $1 50 to J«
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
rw#-|v«"" »t Call hninrh office. 2200 Flllmore.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED, MALE.
THE employment department of the Y. M. C.
A. furnishes only reliable young men. Ma-
son and Ellis sts.; phone Bush 17.
EXPERIENCED coachman and stable manager
desires employment; strictly, sober; best refer-
ences; single; take any trustworthy situation.
Address WALSH, S10 Mission St.
A MAN. sober, reliable and trustworthy, wants
position In wholesale house, corporation or In
any other establishment; best references. Box
$7, Call office.
EXPERIENCED, honest young man, IS years
eld. Tilshes situation in grocery store as clerk;
city or country; with or without board. Box
DO. Call office.
I YOUNG man wants employment mornings and
I evenings; will take board and room In pay-
ment. Address box 2, 300 Hayes st,
I COOK wants work; a good, careful cook; or
would go as second cook. T. SMITH. SIS
Minna st.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind; very
wining; Inside work pref. C. M., Box 78. Call
YOUNG German bartender, is a good mixer,
wishes a position; can give references from
first-class houses. Box 72, Call office.
SITUATION wanted: Bober handy man, not
afraid of work. Address W. L. B.. 322 Minna
etreet.
NURSE or valet for gentleman, or courier for
ladles desiring to travel; competent as secre-
tary or reader. Box 74, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants. work private fam-
ily; used to horses; gardening; cooking; use-
ful In general; wages no object. Box 2043,
Call office, Oakland.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter wants posl-
tlon, having good knowledge of bookkeeping
with long business experience In several lines
and first-class references. Address P. N.,
1275 Mission st.
JAPANESE wants situation to wash dlshea
and help with kitchen work; hotel or board-
ing-house; understands well. 604 Twelfth st,
East Oakland.
JAPANESE, honest young man, wants place
as schoolboy; good English; long experience.
GEORGE. ?07 Polk st. or tel. Polk 1441.
EXPERT OPTICIANS^
, EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manasne. oculist optician. 910 Mkt,
FLATS TO LET.
A— 8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417% Third!
FINE modern flat, 7 rooms and bath. 625 Colder
Gate ave.. bet. Van Ness ave. and Franklin.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to lei
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
VALENCIA. 446V4— Upper flat of three sunn»
rooms; rent $S: key at 444 Valencia.
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. »41 Brvant.
$9— SUNNY upper 3-room flat. 132S Jessie st.
off Hermann, nr. Junction Market and Halght.
. FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60, with No.
7 ranee. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Mar-
ket tt.: telephone South 637.
FURXITUEE WASTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market «t. ; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission Bt., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1351.
Auctioneer— L.- Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel Polk 691.
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E.CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture. carpet3. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO .Phone Grant^85
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, commercial hotel, country,
$2? 50, see party here; 2 waitresses, country,
$20, see party here; 6 waitresses, different
country hotels, $20; 3 waitresses, city. $20; 2
chambermaids to wait, $20; body ironer,
•$32f.O; plain lronor, $25; woman for mending:
plain work by the day
.'.FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Colored woman who has a child, city, $20; In-
valid's nurse, Alameda. $20, references; cook,
San Rafael, $30; very choice place for house-
girl, Oakland. $25; another choice place, city,
$25; housekeeper, $15; nurse, 2 children; oth-
ers. C. R HANSEN \ CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Assistant cashier for ladies' wear
store having had experience In mercantile
business; state salary, experience and refer-
encea. Box 88. Call office.
WANTED — Woman who needs a good home
to do light housework and plain cooking; no
objection to one child; small wages. Box
S899, Call office.
RESPECTABLE girl to assist in light house-
work; plain cooking. 30 Valley St.; Guerrero-
et. cars. '
WANTED— Girl having had experience at
wrapping counter, ladles' underwear. Box
80. Call office.
BRIGHT girl to make herself useful: small com-
pensatlon to start. POW r ERS CO., 755 Capp st.
GIRL wanted for light housework: good home.
1704 Fell st.. near Masonic ave.
YOUNG girl to assist housework; sleep home.
1479 Fifteenth Bt,. near Howard.
WANTED— A girl for housework. 1S34 Sutter
Btreet.
WANTED— A skirt hand and Improver. Room
66. Murphy building.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; small
family; wages $20. 1S64 Geary 6t.
GIRL for general housework; wages $15. 1124
Greenwich st.. near Hyde.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Call
at Chutes at 6 p. m. .
GIRL wanted for general housework and plain
cooking. Call between 10 and 12, 42S Franklin.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom pants. 623
Clay St.. room 18 A.
WANTED — Young girl for general housework.
214 Hyde st.
NEAT, competent girl for housework and cook-
Ing. 2636 Howard st.
WANTED — A respectable young girl to assist
In housework. 2030 Mission st.
WOMAN wanted to do cooking In small board-
tng house. 322 Main st.
WANTED — A finisher on pants; steady work.
36 Gearjr St., room 83.
NEAT young girl for light housework: *Ger-
man preferred. 451 Guerrero st. Call fore-
noon.
GLOVE banders and binders and driving-glove
makers. FARRANT & CO.. 1435 Market Bt.
HAND sewers on custom pants; also operator
Immediately. E04 Kearny at., room 10.
YOUNG girl for light housework; family
adults: wages $10. 1514 7th st., Oakland.
MIDDLE - AGED woman for housekeeper
wanted: good home. 68 East ave.. Holly Pk.
PANTS finisher; steady work. 110 William et..
off Geary, near Taylor.
OPERATOR and finisher on pants. 83 Third
' etreet.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
•838 OTarrell Bt.
TAILORESS wanted as pants finisher. ">'i
Kearny St., room 18. top floor.
WANTED— Lady tailor; coatmaker; steady
Job. 6C6 Fifth st. Oakland.
GIRL for plain cooking and assist In house-
work; small family. 1444 O'Farrell, upper fiat.
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home.
623 Halght at
BEW1XO girls, attentionl — Experienced opera-
tors on dre?s and negligee shirts: steady
work; good pay. Lowenberg Co., 27 Jessie st.
GIRLS to learn book folding. 5.*« Clay Bt.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom Et.. between 13th and 14th,
CLASSIFIED EdvertUements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH omce for Call advertisements and
rvibforlr tier.u has been established at 1C9( Va-
l*ncla st.
HELP ¦WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN &. CO.'S 104 Geary st.
WANTED
CO Experienced Coal Miners New Mexico
....50 Experienced Coal Miners New Mexico
....60 Experienced Coal Miners New Mexico
Best of Wages
Free Fare Free Fare Free Fare
Ship Saturday
C. R. HANSEN &. CO 104 Geary Bt.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
15 teamsterp. R. R. work, Nevada. ...J2 a day
3 stonemason- ft. Ft. work, Nevada.13 BO a day
6 stonemason. S. R. work, Nevada.$3 50 a day
Free Fare Ship Dally Free Fare
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
A chef. $100: second, $75; German short order
cook, country, $50; private family waiter, $25;
washer, hand laundry, country hotel, |30
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
OFFICE boy wanted. Apply
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary Bt.
A— 10 COLORED waiters, country hotel.
C. R. HANSK-N & CO 104 Geary, st
A FOREMAN for bread, $20 week; second hand
on bread, $16 wit. ; foreman on cake, $20 wk. ;
third hand on bread, $12 wk., country bake
shop.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED
Clark, the stableman, please call or leave
address.
Janitor for boys' boarding school, near city,
$25 and found.
Hostler for delivery wagon stable, middle-aged
man preferred, $30 and found.
Driver for milk wagon. $35 and found.
Assistant baker, country, $30 and found, fare
paid.
4 woodchoppers, 4-fcot red and pine wood, SOc
and $1 a cord.
W. V. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay Bt.
A— CARPENTERS. 6 cabinet-makers, 3 bench
hands, cut-off sawyer, sticker and shapei
bands, band saw and shaper hands. Mechan-
ics' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny St., rm.
8; non-union mechanics, please register; new
Jobs dally; no office fees.
BARI3ERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152,
WANTED— Errand boy In printing office; on«
who can feed Job press. EASTMAN &
MITCHELL. 415 Market st.
WANTED— Two ftn-t-class coatmakers. M. J.
KELLER CO.. 1137-59 Washington et,. Oak-
land.
A GOOD coatmaker. JOHN REID A SON. 9V,
Market st.
YOUNG man wanted; 16 to 18 years of age. S
N. WOOD & CO.. 718 Market 'st.
WANTED— Good alteration hands at E. MES
SAGER'S cloak store, 143 Post st.
•WANTED— A Goodyear stitcher. 134 Main st.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 1024 Hyde Bt'
WANTED— Young man to make himself gener-
ally useful in an oyster house. 2801 Folsom.
TALENTED amateur .performers wanted. Cal
at dutss at 6 p. m.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 25S First st.
WANTED— Barber for every afternoon, Eatur
day. Sunday; $8. 1222 Stockton et.
BARBER for short hours; thorough, flrst-clas:
man only need apply. ICO Market Bt.
BARBER Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday
steady. 1257 Dupont st.
YOUNG man to help wait at table and up
stairs at the New Washington Hotel. 384 4th
COOK wanted: call early. People's nestau
rant, C31 Clay at.'
STRONG boy as helper on iron work at 42;
Sacramento st.
WAITER for lunch house. 115 Drumm st.
WANTED— Bright errand boy. Dinan Mlllin-
ery. 24 Kearny st.
BOOTBLACK. 947 Flllmore st, corner Me
Alllster.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hall
ITlce. S62 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main E843
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
-•••• WANT 1 ? A. M. TO-DAY
Turner and band sawyer, $3 a day, country
Job; wagon makers, woodworkers $75, $30
Blacksmith; also other mechanics; 3 miners;.
' carriage painter; boys to learn trades; coach-
men; shingle packer; 33 laborers and team-
sters, $1 75 and $2 a day; teamsters and labor-
ers, city Jobs
29 milkers, farm hands. «c, $26 and found,
$80, $25 and found; 9 choremen and boys
3 farmers and wives J50, $40 and found
Milker and wife. $40 and found; 6 laborers,
city factories; 12 stablemen, buggy washers,
hostlers, etc.. city and country. $50. 145. $53.
$o0, $2o and foTinrl; 155 woodchoppers and tie-
makers. $3. $2 50. $2, $1 E0, $1 cord. 13c. 12c. lOo
each, tools, provisions and cabins furnished...
Boys to drive delivery wagons, $5 and 58 week.
; MURRAY & READY. 634-6S6 Clay st.
A— HOTEL DEPT OTHER DEPTS.
Steward for a club. $(0 and foilnd: chef and
second -cook, country hotel, see boss here:
grocery clerk; first and second baker, $60 and
$45 and found; 27 cooks, different places. $60,
$50, $40, $30 and found; some cooks and dish-
washers, same places, come see: cook and
wife, 25 men, no women there, $45; IS dish-
washers and waiters, $35, $30, $25, $20 and
found; second, third and first hand bakers;
boys to drive bakery and other wagone, etc;
pantrymen, porters, butchers, etc.; experi-
enced delicatessen man. S45 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay gt.
A— BAKERS BUTCHERS
Bread foreman, $20 ¦week, country ALL
Second man on bread. $16 wk.. country--SAME
Cake foreman, $20 week, country PLACE
Sd hand cakes. $12 wk., country...COME SEE
First hand and second hand, same place, fare
$1. $60, $45 and found: 5 helpers and third
hands, $30, $25, $20 and found; 3 butchers, see
boss here, country, $33 and $30, found. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
YOUNG man with $175 can secure steady em-
ployment: must be satisfied, with $70 per
month. Box 79, Call office.
TfANTEDr-An elderly sober man to make him-
self generally useful about hotel. 781 Sut-
- ter st.
WANTED— Boys about 15 or 16 ycara old for
retail dry goods; 6 o'clock house. Address
box 88. Call office. .- „
FIRST-CLASS oysterman. Apply between 1
and 2 o'clock, IIS O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Handy man in kitchen. COFFEE
. JOHN, 61» Clay st.
COOK wanted, man or woman, take half In-
terest In good restaurant; part cash, balance
time; good opportunity. LANE & CO., 863
Market st.
BEAM hands and table hands. H. N. COOK
BELTING CO.. 217 Mission st.
GROCERY clerk who understands horses. N.
W. cor. Twenty-first and Mission sts.
WANTED— First class ladles' tailor; also first
class coatmaker at once. P. GLIXMAN,
Vallejo, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted: free sitting
room and high prices paid. P. S. NORDEN-
SHULD, 1237 Broadway, Oakland.
COATMAKERS-and operators wanted on cus-
tom coats. 304 Tehama st.
BARBER shop for sale In country; good show
for married man. Apply at 106 Ellis St..
DECKELMAN BROR
RELIABLE young man for grocery Ptore and
take care of horses. B. K. TRUELSEN,
Golden Gate. Cal.
WANTED— Boy who has worked at upholster-
ing. Apply 341 Hayes st.
STEADY man with $115; will pay $60 a month:
no experience required. 1016 Market, room 10.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at tha Adams House, 519 Sacra.-
m?nto et.. near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, cl»an. cheap, well-
ventilated rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know-
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runa Denver Hous*. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week. ]
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eigbt !
weeks required: positions guaranteed; special
Inducements: catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S EARBF.R COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., old, reliable
• firm, SC« Market, rm. 40. Phelan b'.dc. ; pen-
sion vouchers executed, 25c; advice free.
GENTLEMEN'S suit" to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. C62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15o and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third fit., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M
V&l»ncln st
' 11KM - < ?" RHO , 1PS ;
PILES — 300 cures business men In San Fran-
clsco; can be seen; no operation; no pain; par-
ticulars sent." Ad. Physician, box 15'0. Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40~~HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade IIors» Market,
127 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
YOUNG, fresh cow; good milker; gentle. 1312
Folsom Bt.
FEED Manhattan food: keeps horses, cows,
poultry and dogs healthy. 1253 Folsom St.. S.F.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRUXTED LIST Houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. II. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE, 8 rooms and batn; lot 25x137. 1715 Ed-
dy St., near Pierce; price $4250.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In the
TTnlfed States or Canada one year for $1.
~~~" " HYPNOTISM.
PROF. DILLON, considered by the press and
public as America's greatest hypnotist;
tecches hypnotism scientifically In class or
private: all rervous diseases and bad habits
cured without the use of drugs. 324 O'Farre'.l.
COMPLETE course Instructions and diploma.
S lessons, $5; cigarette and other bad habits
cured. PROFESSOR E. W. RAYMOND. 997
Market St.: hours 2 to 5 dally.
INVALID CHAIRS AND TRICYCLES.
SOLD and rented: manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.-. 2100 Market st.
L.OST AXD FOUND.
LOST— Center-hoard sloop, 22 feet long. 8 feet
wide; painted white, top of cabin yellow.
Any Information leading to its recovery will
be rewarded by addressing Lee Boathouse,
Potrero.
LOST — Large brown water spaniel dog; large
leather collar. Reward at 3SS7 Seventeenth.
""medical.
DR. AND MRsTISavTeS, 122S Market— Ladles'
specialists: 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure,
any one can use it with satisfaction: perfect-
ly harmless. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 101S Mar-
ket, opp. 5th; world-renowned ladles' special-
ist; safe, reliable; practiced In San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
fully: treatment can be used at home; consul-
tation free. After all others fall call on him.
DRS. GOODWIN— Expert In all female ail-
ments; a positive and quick cure guaranteed;
treatment at office, $5; well-known and re-
liable euro. 1007VJ Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 23 yrs.'
practice: guaranteed treatment at office. $5;
any ailment; home for patients: consult free.
942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
NG TOY KEG, Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ted; send for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium. 701 Sacramento St., corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladles' gpo-
clalist; nafe and sure cure, $5; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' physician;
treatment, $5; positive cure guaranteed.
DR. POPPER, practical female specialist for
37 "years; can be sent. 323 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles' specialist; home
for patlrnta. 510 Eddy st.
3 MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
; BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machineryr~Mc^
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st.
. BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
- 1 82 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours, j.
; NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021, 1023 Mission St..
3 ! above Sixth; write for catalogue.
• NEW BROOMS— The Golden West Broom Fac-
tory at 62S and 630 Clay st.. near Kearny. has
Just started: storekeepers can be supplied with
all kinds of brooms at the cheapest rates;
" orders by mail attended to.
• A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
•1 8 - Pui>ey9>
f 10- TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
1 proof safe. Zi£ California st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BUT a brand new typewriter for $3 down and JS
per month: write for catalogue and price-.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
St.: rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A CO-PENNYWEIGHT case, solid gold. 14-
karat fine Howard watch for $57; cost orig-
lnally $S0. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
5-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine.
$150; can be seen running at 623 Golden
Gate ave.
BILLIARD table, balls, cues and rack, com-
plete: dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'Farrell st.
PHOTO and magic lantern poods bought, sold,
exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
FINE -ult. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— J3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDIME'S. 220 Fremont st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
¦ boilers bought and sold. KROGII Mfg. Co.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete: cheap. H..S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
"WILL rent full dress Tuxedo oV Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Of flee. 25 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER- i
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood 1
planers, lathes: 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Seal*.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second hand; all slzas. THE
WALTZ SAFE. lCg-Ul Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
VE are paying for dry rabbit and Belgian
hare skins The to S^c per lb. HERMAN
WALDECK CO.. 3S Pay it.
A— CLOTHING, sealskins, jewelry, etc.. bought:
will call. L. Bros.. 25 Stktn; phona Black 1101.
WANTED— Vlavl capsules, less than regular
price. Address box 86, Call office. ,
L. SPARBER & SON removed 834 Mission St.:
pay highest prices for tools and machinery.
WANTED — Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
LADIES" and gents'caat-oft clothing bought Sz
sold. Sllverman. 034 Folsom; teL Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brtc-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth wt. : tel. Jessie 141.
BIOSEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payabla
back in Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first: you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Ponohoo bldg.. ll?t> Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interests In Estate^
Undivided Interests In Reffl Estate.
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; «Io
not borrow lof your friends or you will loss
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
ANT amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terma before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANT proposition, any amount; 4 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16. flret floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN* & OLSEN.
HIGI-ILT respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 815 Market
Rt.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A — 5CC0.00O ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE, 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 301 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
WHT pay rent? We loan money to build with:
?mall monthly payments. HOME BUILDING
COMPANY, 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
LOAN'S, 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country: 6"vi:undi-
vlded Ints; estates. IIARPER.337 Parrott bdR.
AUSTIN'S §alary Loan Co., 368 Parrott bulM-
Ing; men can Eecure loans on personal note.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
MONET to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market et.. room 1.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confl-
dentUl; on diamonds, etc. S3 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL, 6U9 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
t!orser. S. F. Discount Agency. »3 Phelan big.
MOXEY WA.\TED.
WANTED— To borrow, J1SC0; 6 per cent per an-
num; real estate security. Box g. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL purchasers of pianos at Byron Mauzy's
have the privilege of exchanging for one of
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one of our
Byron Mauzy Pianos, any time within four
years, full purchase price being allowed. Our
rent plan has been the best offered to the
public for the past three years. A large size,
beautifully finished, full-toned piano, with
stool and cover, warranted for five years, for
$350, }$ cash and $6 per month. This Is not a
cheap piano, full value being given for every
dollar spent BYRON MAUZY, Sole Arent
Sohmer & Co.. Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Spell-
man and Hamilton Pianos. 308. 310. 312 Post.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed;
the best makers of every trade to select from;
beautiful new uprights $6 cash, $6 per month;
some good pianos for iX $4 and $5 per month.
' SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco: corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth it*.; Oakland.
THE Decker & Son pianos excel all others.
The Decker & Son pianos please good players.
- The Decker & Son pianos last a lifetime.
The Docker & Son pianos are the ones to buy.
THE 3SENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Mar-
ket st.. njents.
I WE want you to call and see the bargains we
have. Kine second-hand pianos for S100, $130.
$175, J2U0. $300, $330. Beautiful new ones for
$220 to SS50. All pianos sold on easy pay-
ments If you desire, and you can at any time
I exchange for a new Decker & Son.
We are the only house In the city that sells
all kinds of musical Instruments on easy pay-
ments; call and see us and learn how easy
it is to buy. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Mar-
ket st.
ABSOLUTELT the oldest and largest Iioum
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 26.
S3 and 20 O'Farrell st. : plaiuj, organs and
all other musical instrument of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
SPECIAL snaps In a few slightly used pianos.
See us. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 CVFar-
rell St.; Chlckerlng agency and everything
pertaining to music; symphonlon music boxes.
PARTY going away will sell a new Ptelnway
mahogany uptight, cost $7J0, for $265. Boi
84. Call office.
4 FINE uprights, little u?rd; Shonlnger. Behr
Ing, Stolnway. Sohmer. Keeffe's. 933 Market
LARGE upright grand piano: 'must be sacrificed
j In S days; leaving city. 332 Turk st.
$100— FINE large upright piano. 364S Eighteenth
street. _•'.
BEST rent stock In city; new pianos; $3 pei
month. SCOTT CURTAZ. SCO Hayes st.
HIGH-GRADE piano, nearly new, $163. 1IEINI
Piano Co.. 217 Geary st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H
, MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place
ELEGANT Sohmer upright, good as new. an<
other great bargains. CRUEXN. 208 Post st
FINE 3-pedal upright piano; sacrificed on ac
count of ulcknegs. 907 McAllister st
• A in^S ne ° T J t "'-.P- 1 ,?" 08 . for , 8tora *e: dirt cheap
Installments. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market
AT KEEFFE'S. 953 Market St.. 4 elegant ua
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency
' N^w^^f'-Am FOld: nIc * u P rt «ht P«ano
SCHM1TZ. 16 McAllister at., next Hlb. Bank
HIGH-GRADE pianos; St*ck. Hardman Chn
jmr^othor*. w. p. ALLEN & Cazu pjy."
..OFP'CES AXD^rrs TO ~LKT\~
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market st
2iL_!l vx _ DS On sale!
PROVEN oil >and^^n~7hTTce7n^lv^r^uT
sfhemeV vSS Is'^e SSffiS^K S 7» S
OII^
JOSEPH E. TOPLITZ. 330 ?'"• ?V?VGE.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL X ,Vii
Country correspondence t-Ollcitea.
PAUIISTBT. v '-,' ':}- i ¦'- - ¦'_ _
hTjEROME FOSSELLI. scientific P*}™ 1 **' *'*
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. lilacs a<l-
MMK. NEEP.OAAKU 7CO Post; tek Hyd«
hours 1 to S f ve.. an<l Pun^y hy wppointme.w.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADvTcE~fr«er7o charge unless successful.
GEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner D *•
TEUSOSALS.
QUEEN" OF HEARTS— Am still at same place.
Please send one word. COWBt>Y.__
THE present whereabouts cf MR. ALEXAN-
DER KAHL ZITTERUAKTH. formerly a
clerk, born Is33. emigrated 1SS6. lived in !>»•
ir. New York. 22 W. 16th «.. is wanted by his
sister. Any lnfr>rmatK>n may be addressed to
the Consulate General of Austria-IIuneary.
In New York, or DOCTOR JOSEF HOCKE.
in Vienna (Austria)^ :»y __
ALL persons are hereby n<Mtned that I will
not pay nny bills contracted by any person M
persons whomsoever without my written au-
thorlty. H. M. KAYWARD-
GENTLEMAN about to settle In Mexico City
will be glad to execute commissions, repre-
sent commercial house, etc. Box 63. Call.
CONSTIPATION cured by usln? tho Dllatw or
Blood Circulator; self-treatment: r.o drugs or
[ medicine. 9S2 Geary st.; consult free.
I PRIVATE detective work.; reasonabla ratw: 19
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
LEDEUER la the hair dresser who gives you
the latest hair styles for the least money. 35c.
ewltchea. <1 Cp. 123 Stockton it.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 732:
made to order: renovated: honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleinwj; uphol-
stered furniture cleanine; a specialty: fine up-
holstery. HOPKE BRO3.. SIS and CO 11th st.
ELECTRIC lights la every room — 'Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: TOO rooms:
25c to U 50 per 'night; Jl 50 to $* per week:
free 'bus and bacgasa to and from the- ferry.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward; $1
. a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market »C. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca Hair Tonte stops tha
hair from falling out. price S3c bottle.
ASK for uneqaaled E>. F. Black Suede- Glares;
$1 25 a pair; guaranteed. 121 Grant av*
SCIENTIFIC massage treatment by trained
male nurse from the East. 334 O'Farrell st.
LKDERER'S Foamo Shampoo cleanses tha
scalp thoroughly, 6c pkg. Gee sample pier.
DR. LAMOTTETS French Corn Paint. th« beat
corn cure: 23c. all druggists^
EUY your coal of LANGE & GOFF. successors
to W. H. Wiseman. 1711 Sacto. : tel. Sutter 2778.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair.
mole»: trial free. MISS EATOX. 1119 Setter.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. <EN'KEL. 817 Market st.
AL.FREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores rrar
hair to Its natural color; II; at all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SCnCBOXS.
DR7j.~IIEIlBERT~nEEVEri6H~Kearny «t.—
New hygienic sanitarium: supposed Incurabl*
chronic disease are cured by electro hygiene.
DR. C. C. O*DON NELL— Office and residence.
icrm Mark»t St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
PnOPERTY WANTED.
WANTED- Lodging-house for cash or ex-
change, fruit and train farm, with or with-
out Improvements, cr exchange farms, for
home near bay. Apply A. L. W1LLKY. room
iq. 918 Market st.. S. V. : office hours 8 to 8.
HEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
BA^Sw^rX~IIO^-ELLr~ ~^~n^«~^-^-
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
i&CCO... '.. .'.'..'.....'...". .".'.Rents '"$S0O per annum
S;>ler.dld lnslda downtown centrally located
business and investment property: one-hall
block from Market and Fifth st«. ; store- below.
2 floors above; Investigate this; a close cflor
might be entertained.
$7C00 Rents $>15 per annum,
S flats on north, sunny side of Hayes st.. near
KtUmore; large lot. I7:6xlo7:6; pays well.
J^SCO iiarine view homa
. Splendid 2-story house of ( rooms and bath or»
Jcnes St.. near Union-st. cars; excellent ma-
rine view.
ili.Ct'6 .'.'.'.'.'.'..'.'.'.'.'. Inside business property
Substantial S-*tory business building; store an 4
2 floors above: rents $1CSO per year: business
thoroughfare; mortgage SSCOO can remain: noth-
injr better for the money.
I19.CC0 Rents $213!) per annum
Three new elegant modern thoroughly un-to-
data high-class flats on Nob Hill; California
St.; very best location In town.
i3io6....*.*.".*.".*.*.'.".'.*.".'."**.'.'.'.'.'.Rent's 130 per month
I Email piece of business property; bound to en-
1 h«%nco In value: always rented; sure Invest-
ment: store and flat above; Folsosa St.. closa
to Fourth,
%A2lb *.*.'.*.*.*.".".".'.*.".".'.*.*.*.*.".".".*. . .* Maice offer
, I Cheapest 2-story 9-room and batn residence for
sale on Eddy St.: splendid block: surroundings
first claas; street work done; lot S>xl37:S; mort-
gage |.'C-lO can remain.
.$11.000. .7. .7.7. .7 .\.7.7.7Rent $tif> per month
TJrree newly finished modern flats. 7 rooms and
bath each; looking into Golden Gate Park; sur-
rounded by nice homes: convenient to all cars;
street bituminlzed: lot 25xlC$:3; this Is a new,
clean and safe Investment for your money.
* '$^266.".".'.".'."."*.'.7.".'.".".".'.".".".*.*.*.".*.".*.*.".".*.*One-taird *cas£
Two-story house of 7 rooms and bath; Eureka
st.. near Twentieth; lot 25x105; cheap home.
$530 Owner mast sell
Owner wants cash at once: 1 or 2 $7oO lots for
J."0; Elizabeth st.. near Diamond; lot StSxlll;
very desirable for a home.
"$ioGd!!7.'."**""I.".7.".'.'.".'.7."."."*.'.".*.7.*.*."How*!s"thts?
Only one~half a block from Market and Seven-
teenth st». and Castro-st. car*; 15 minutes to
City Hall; 2-story house of 7 rooms and bath;
lot 40- foot front; will surely sell this week; call
ecrly.
ilGO cash. . .*. . .'.*. . .*. .7.7. Rents" VlY 50* "per" "montli
• Beautiful modern flats located In the Mission;
finest chance for hemeseekers ever offered:
you pay us JCPO cash down and $3? S3 per month;
this Includes Interest and principal; In other
words, you pay bs what the flats rent for; you
buy the property for your rent money.
; * BALDwiN' '&' HOWELL.* 'JOMontgOTne'ry' st! * *
" CREAM OF PARK LOTS!
' Opposite new Park entrance „
¦ ....Rare chance for home builders and In-..
. . vestment seekers
J ....Choicest building lots on very easy pay-..
..ments; on the H-st. electric cars and front-..
..Ing Golden Gate Park ar.d tha new 19th-..
. ..ave. boulevard: lots and streets on official..
..grade; macadamized
Plank sidewalks, gas and water service....
> ....Low prices; bound to increase In value....
, ..Your own terms; interest only 6 per cent..
I ....Money advanced for bulldlntr purposes; the..
1 ..costliest and handsomest modern houses In..
..Sunset District ore now being occupied and..
> ..constructed on the new 19th-«ive. boulevard.*
....Call at once at our branch office (open..
• ..week days. Sundays and holidays), corner..
• ' ..of H st. and 9th ave.. south of Golden Gate..
..Park, and ask to/be shown thrse beautiful..
• ..lots. Full particulars and price lists also..
• ..at our office
BALDWIN* A HOWELL.
: 10 Montgomery st.
I T. P. RIORDAN, REAL ESTATE AGEXT.
632 Market St., Room 2.
$3,500— €Cxl37:C: we3t side of Larkin St.. near
' Union: bituminlzed; grand view; must
be sold; make offer.
" J36,0CO— Fine large corner, fronting three streets,
with Improvements; near City Hall; flna
Investment : part cash, balance on o per
r cent mortgage.
$13, 500r- 80x73 feet; 'n» Improved corner; south
of Market st., with fine lmproreraents;
3 always rented; 11273 yearly: bargain.
J5.C03 — IOxS5; west side of Valencia St.. near
Twenty-third, with Improvements; rent-
ed for $50; good bargain.
'- $16,000— Beautiful corner residence of 18 rooms
j and all modern Improvements; fine lo-
cation; best bargain offered in the city.
- $25.000 — Fine investment on Mason »t.. near
O'Farrell: improved.
J57.50O — Fine Improved business corner, payinc
near JM0.
• I have several fine corners south or
•- Market »t.. goo! investments, paying
well: great bargains.
!" 113.500— KxUO; Bu.«h «t near Polk; with good
Improvements: ifust be sold: bargain.
7 Call and s^e me if you want to sell or buy.
!• T. P. RIOKDAN*. «32 Market st.
1 CHEAPEST LOTS
IN* THE WESTERN* ADDITION'*
m " SELLING FAST. SELLING FAST.
~ $1250 upward: sold hy ord»r Union Trust Co.
to close an estate; splendid Investments or resl-
** dence lots; good lots for fiats: also business
r comers: block bounded by Fll'more. Ptelner.
Union and Green streets; streets accepted; lots
on grade: line marine views; close to most
7 fashionable residence section of the city: Flll-
more and Union street cars pass th« property:
m several Iot3 already sold.
LTON* A HOAG.
HI Montgomery «t.
'" IF you have well-located property In the Mls-
lt slon, either vacant lots or me* residence, and
't you really want to sell, then call on the under-
u flgned. W. J. GUNN, 530 California st.
n — — — — — —
M HAVE you property In the Potrero or Excelsior
t- Homestead Tract that you want to sell? Thea
call on W. J. GUNN*. iH California »cNOVEMBER. 1300.
CALL CALENDAR.
Apples have nearly as many uses as po
tatoes—notwithstanding, beware , ths
strict "cooking apple." -Nature never
made an apple too good to be cooked.. nor
one— sweetings exeepted — that * was not,
when cooked good in strict proportion to
its goodness raw. Very juicy sweetings,
ripe, but not yet mellow, are fine for bak
lnjf, but in the state In which such apples
commonly reach market, cooking them is
a clear waste— they are tedious and taste
less beyond measure.
Few Ways to Cook Apples.
Three players are all that are left in
the singles tournament that began yester
day at the California Club. RobeVt Whit
ney will play the winner of the Colller-
Smltb malch on Sunday for the first prize.
There -were twelve entries, among them
W; A. Goss, champion of Oreggn, and
Augustus Taylor, one of the cracks of
1S91. ,
In the first round the first match was
between Richard Ersklne and W. B. Col
lier. Collier wdn easily, ft— 0. 6—3.
Merle Johnson and J. A. Code were {he
players In the next match. Johnson won
the first set, 6—3. In the second Code had
a lead of &— 4. 40—15, but was unable to
SINGLES TOURNAMENT
AT CALIFORNIA CLUB
• ———————
Several '" Old-Timers Appear on the
Courts and Contest for
Prizes.
The eight lowest scorers In the above
Hat are qualified to enter the competition
for the Council's cup, the opening round
of which will be- played on the Presidio
links on Saturday afternoon. The semi
final ' round will be played on Saturday,
the 17th Inst., and -the; final round on a
day convenient to the two contestants.
All the rounds will be over eighteen holes,
match play. The drawing among the
eight qualified players resulted as follows:
C. R. Wlnslow versus H. C. Golcher; L,.
Chenery versus H. B. Goodwin; Worth
lngton Ames versus S. L. Abbot Jr.; H.
D. Pillsbury versus John Lawson. . ,
In the afternoon the qualifying: round,
over eighteen holes, medal play, for the
third competition for the council's cup,
was held, eleven players hnndlng- In re
turns. The following: axe the scores:
QUALIFYING ROUND ,FOR ' COUNCIL'S
CUP.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 6.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the*$150,QCO.OflO goW reserve in the
dtvlsion of redemption, shows* Available cash
balance. J133.274.755; gold,^32,501.901.
Condition of the Treaswy.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. «.— WHBAT-Spot steady;
No. J red Western winter. 6s .%d; No. 1 North
ern spring. 6s 3V4d; No. 1 California, 8s 4d. Fu
tures, quiet; December, 6s %d; February, 6s 2d;
March. 6s 2Vid. . . .
' CORN— Spot, dull; American mixed new, 4s
H4d.
Receipts of wheat during the past thre« days,
405,000 centals, Including 258.000 American.
Receipts of American corn during the past
three days. 194.SOO centals.
CHICAGO. Nov. «.— CATTLE-^-Reeelpts, 2000,
including 5C0 Texans. Generally steady. Tex
ans firm. Native best' on sale to-day, five, car
loeds at $3 35; good to prime steers, $5 tO*g6;
poor to medtum; $4 50®5 40; selected feeders.
$.1 S0@4 40; mixed stockers. $* 7033 75; cows
$2 T0@4 30; heifers. $2 73@4 75; canners. $1 50$j
2 50; calves, slow, mainly 15c lower than last
Tuesday at J45T6; Texans, receipts EOOf best on
sale to-day, seven carloads at $3 85: Texas fed
steers, $4^4 83: Texas grass steers, $3 35@4 15-
Texas bulls. $2 50®3 2S. . •
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 19,000; to-morrow,
n. 000: left over. BOO. Market 5#10e lower, fairly
active, good clearances: top price. $4 90; mixed
and butchers, $4 SoJH 00; good to choice heavy,
tl 60$r4 874: rough heavy. $4 45@4 65; light,
t\ 5(V?4 90; bulk of sales, $4 6O@4 SO.
SHEEP— Receipts, 11,000. Sheep, steady to
strong;, lambs .active. 10® 15c; good to choice
•wethers, $4®4 30; fair to choice mixed. {3 600
4- Western sheep. $4ff4 25: Texas sheep, :$2 50®
3 60: native Iambs, Si 50@4 75; Western lambs,
$3®5 63. - ¦ - ' - ¦
Foreign Markets.
clusters, single crates, \2 ?j?<i.2 S5, average $2 79;
Kmperors. single crates, $1 2i>}}2. average %\ 22;
Malagas, single crates, 65c@$135, average 70c;
Imperial Tokay*, slnsle crates', average $2 10;
Cornlchons, single crates, $1 30<Q?l 65, average
$1 SI; Tokays, single crates, $1 15©1 60, average
$1 21. Persimmons — Boxes, $2?S2 25. average
$2 08. Pears— D'Alencon, boxes. $1 lCkgl 15, aver
age $110; Winter Nells, boxes, U 2of 1 80, aver
age $1 48; G. Morceau, boxes, $1 20*12. average
$1 63. S«ven cars sold to-day. Weather dry,
favorable.
BOSTON, Nov. 6.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California fruit
at auction to-day: Grapes— Red Emperors, sin
gle crates, $1 2082 10. -average $173; clusters,
single crates, $2 60S? 3. average $2 6S; Hmperors,
single crates, %\ 10<JH 75, average $151. Dry,
favorable weather. One car sold to-day.
CHICAGO. Nov. 6— The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day and realized
the following prices: Grapes — Cornichons. sin
gle crates, $1 60@l 75, average $1 56; Cornl
chons, double crates, average %1 06; Tokars.
single crates, 65c®$> 16, average $1 08: Tokays,
double crates, average' $2 29; Red Emperors,
single crates, $1 35@l 45, average $189; Clus
ters, single crates, $1 70@2 05, average J2 &4;
Emperors, single crates, . $1 2051 23, average.
$1 22; Malagas, single cratea. averaga $l 10.
Pears— Winter Nells, boxes, average $1 80;
Winter Nells, half boxes, average 80c; P.
Barry, boxes, $1 20®l 45, averago $141. Five
cars sold to-day. Dry, favorable weather.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 6.— The Earl Fruit
Company's sales of California fruit at auction
to-day were as follows: Grapes— Cornlchons
single crates,. SI 10@l 30, average 11 20; Em
perors, single ' crates, average $165; Tokays,
single crates. 40oS$l 75, average 82c. Pears —
G. Morceau, boxes, average $3 15. Dry, fa
vorable weather. • Two cars sold to-day.
Chic j go Livestock (Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 6.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California' fruit at auction to-day
and realized the following prices: Grapes — Red
Emperors, single crates,- $2#2 20, average $2 16;
Californii Fruit Sales.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Links Is Won by J. H.
N Mee.
Yesterday was a busy day among the
men of the San Francisco Golf Club. From
morning until evening players were con
tinually making the round of the links.
At 10 a,, m. a putting contest was held,
in which each competitor holed out four
balls from four points on. the circumfer
ence of each of the seven greens num
bered 1. 2, 3. 4. 7, 8 and 9. The contest
was remarkably close, only five strokes
separating the first and the last contest
ant. J. H. Mee won with 72 Btrokes, or
considerably less than three strokes per
ball. The full details follow:
SAN FRANCISCO GOLF CLUB-PUTTINCJ
CONTEST.
A Putting Contest on the Presidio
GOLFERS QUALITY FOR
COUNCIL'S CUP MATCH
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unset
tled weather Wednesday, jwlth conditions fa
vorable for rain Wednesday night; light south
easterly winds. ALEXANDER G. McADlE.
Forecast Official. '
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
leather Wednesday: probably light rain,
Wednesday night; light southerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Wednesday; light
northerly, changing to westerly, winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
Utah— Fair Wednesday.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary over the country west . of th«
Itoeky Mountains. Throughout California
¦warm weather has prevailed, the- tempera
tures ranging from 5 to 9 degrees above the
normal.
A trace of rain is reported at Neah Bay.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. November 7, 1900:
The weather has been generally clear west
of the Rocky Mountains, with some cloudiness
In Central and Northern-, California and fog
along the coast During the past twenty-four
hours there has been a gradual fall In pressure
over Washington and Vancouver Island. There
are indications of the approach of an area of
lew pressure along the northern Pacific Coast.
FORECAST.
Eureka 75. Los Angeles 93
Mount Tamalpals.... 63 Sacramento 70
Independence 73 ?an Luis Oblspo 84
Red Bluff 73i«an Diego 7t
Fresno SO I .
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
€4; minimum, 47; mean, EG.
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 8—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Weather Report.
On the night of. the 26th of October Fra
ternal Hive, "the baby hive of this city,
Rave a house-warming in the Maccabee
Temple. It was attended by a large num
ber of people, including the membership
of San Francisco Tent. There was a choice
programme of literary, and musical num
bers and then dancing. The ladies during
the evening served refreshments.
I/adies of the Maccabees.
Eixth race— Tiburon, February, Jingle Jingle.
The stables of J. F. Fogg:. Joe Tagg and
Albert Simons arrived at Oakland track
yesterday.
Possible Winners.
First race— Urchin, Fre« Pass, Gold Finder.
Second race — Sail Sam. Merlda, Laura Marie.
Third race — Good Hope, Osmond, Brown
Prince.
Fourth race— Sunello, Edgardo, Essence.
Klfth race — Favonlus. Gonfalon, Mortgage.
Sixth race— Six furlongs; four- year-olds and
upward; selling:
O279)JlngIe Jingle. ..1071 12S7 Hungarian 107
1293 Faversham ....104 1111 Maxello 104
1292 Pat Morrissey..l04|<i:S3)Mlke Rice 104
1293 Lost Girl 101 660 Maud FerB'soiUOt
12M February 110 12SS Imperious 107
12S1 Tiburon rW (12S7)Panam!nt 110
Fifth race— Mile and a sixteenth; three-year
olds and upward; purse:
1295 Mortgage 95 - Favonlus ......11]
.... Gonfalon 103 12S6 6nlps 104
12S5 Formero 112
Fourth race— On« mile; three-year-olds; sell-
Ing:
127? Expedient 85 1159 Coming; Event.. 95
1185 Anita B 101 10S1 Boundlee 101
127S Edsrardo 83 (1232)Sunello OS
10S8 H'doo Prlnc'ss. 95 1271 Billy Moore 101
900 Essence S5 1205 Cu« 104
Third race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling:
.... Inclndlator ....l(M(1066)Zurich 101
.... Jerry Hunt 107 1153 Nora Ives 101
127S Clarando 101 1276 Brown Prince.. 101
1280 Storm King IM 1190 Yule 101
1200 Osmond 104 12S3 Good Hope 101
?74 Kootenai ....... .101 12S0 Meadowlark ...101
Second race— Flvo and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; selling:
1C6S Merlda 10S .... Ben Maffin 113
im Loneliness 110 Argregor 10S
110« Scotch Belle. ...ll* 1020 Laura Marie 110
1241 acr"nwell Lake.UO 113S Intrepldo U0
1059 Lucldla 110 .... Bad Sara 113
12SS Qirly Ducat.. ..105 12S4 Donee 105
Local owners are given every opportu
nity to win purses at Oakland track this
afternoon. The fields are evenly balanced
and the winners look hard to pick. Fol
lowing is the list of entries:
First race-Seven furlonps; maiden three
year-olds and upward: selling:
1203 Honduran 107| 1167 Urchin 107
1244 Judge Shr"pshr.llO 1203 Abbeloix L. 107
788 Free Tass 107 1264 Dlanora 107
1267 Aror 107 .... Senator Matts..lO7
1195 Pauline J 107 1254 Onyx 107
1276 Gold Finder.. ..107 7S9 Ting-a-Llng ...107
Oakland Entries.
Court Twin Peaks had an anniversary
party on the 31st of last month. All had
a good time.
The high chief ranger, in company with
the permanent secretary, will, on the
10th inst., pay a tislt to Court Unity, at
Jackson.
Court Occidental will celebrate, an an
niversary by an entertainment and dance
on the 28th lnst.
Court Star of the Mission Initiated
seven candidates at ita last held meet
ing.
On the 29th of last month High Chief
Rangrer Boehm was present in Court San
Joaquln at Stockton, when fifteen candi
dates were initiated.
Court Golden Gate was instituted in this
city last week, with seventy-eight mem
bers. Tha organizers are: C. P. Rich
ards, M. J. Souza, Steve Cuneo, I* Leve
roni, C. A. Lewis and W. E. Moullin.
Court Pride of San Mateo gave a
smoker on the 24th of last month, which
was largely attended. Among the dis
tinguished guests there were . present J.
J. Roberts. H. C. S. TV., and John Fal
coner, P. S. A. A banquet followed the
smoker.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
VACAVILLE, Nov. 6.— Tha football
game played to-day between the Vacavllle
High School and the Vallejo High School
for the championship of Solano County
resulted in a victory for the Vallejo boys
by a score of 11 to 0.
Vallejo Wins at Football.
NEW YORK. Nov. 6.— Before nearly
36,000 people the Columbia football eleven
to-day defeated Princeton by a score of.
6 to 5 on Columbia Field. It was one of
the fiercest frames se en here and from tne
kickorf was full of fine team work and
Individual plays. The Interference of both
teams was good. Roper or Princeton fur
nished the sensation of the game. In a
scrimmage he got the ball from Berrien
on a rumble and made a run of forty-five
yards for a touchdown, planting the ball
squarely behind the goal posts. In the
try at goal, however. Roper, who held the
ball for Mills, touched it down prema
turely and the Columbia men rushed in
and stopped the place kick, thus depriv
ing Princeton of the possibility of a goal,
though this technicality has seldom been
taken advantage of.
Defeats Princeton's Eleven in a Close
COLUMBIA WINS.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 6.— After Lord
Zeni won the fourth race at Latonia to
day the judges suspended Jockey Bo
land Indefinitely, who rode the horse in
his last out. Boland, It is claimed, was
responsible for Lord Zenl's defeat In a
previous race.
Six ruriongs, selling— Atlanto won. Lady
Kent second. Zaza third. Time, 1:U%.
Five and a half furlongs — Prima won, Bar
bara M second, School for Scandal third. Time,
1:07^. : • :
Mile and fifty yards, selling:— Lord Zeni won.
Chorus Boy second. Sir Gatian third. Time,
1:44. . . v
On« mile— Mr. Brown won, Pirate Belle sec
ond; The Rush third. Time. 1:41.
Flvo furlongs— Jim Wlnn won, Bengal sec
ond. Mosketo third. Time. 1:02.
Six furlongs — Fairy Dell won, Karl Fonso
second. Horseshoe Tobacco third.. Time, 1:14.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6. -Aqueduct races:'
Five and a half furlongs— Maribert won. Gold
Lace second, Hultzilopochtlt third. Time,
l:08U.
Five furlongs— Candle won. Edna Brown sec
ond. Katharlna third. Time, 1:02 1-5.
Mile and a sixteenth— Excelsls won. Rare
Perfume second, • Double Dummy third. Time.
1:61.
Mile and seventy yards, Belling— Borough
won, Bells of Orleans second. Sir Fltzhugh
third. Time, 1:47 3-8.
Five and a half furlongs— McAddie won. Lit
tle Daisy second. Billionaire third. Time, 1:09.
Mile and seventy yards— Withers won, Kllik
lnlck second, Plncher third. Time, 1:47 1-5.
Claim That He Is Besponsible for
Lord Zeni Having Lost
One of the
Races.
Stewards at Latonia Are
Dissatisfied With His
Work.
JOCKEY BOLAND
IS SUSPENDED
Mrs M Laford. Seattle
G Miller, Cleveland
W S Pollak, Cleveland
F O Johnson. Nome
J F Robinson. Nome
A McKenzle. N Dak
J C Burr. Tacoma k
Stanford Amendment
Band—
W R Fraser
B Hurlbut
F D Wills
L G Moore
G Beebe
F Stlnson
H McCabe
R Hildreth
J Smith
M Horn
B Bubb
J Anderson
A Williams
B Hoffer
H W Jamleson
W Jamleson
B Brown
K Wylis
D Campbell
A L Walker
A W Kelly, Berkeley
J F Peabody
L Frank, New York
A Kahn, New York
H H Fulton. N Y
G H Clark, Chicago
Mrs Foster. Spokane
'G M Forster. Spokane
T W A Klnlcead. N Y
Mrs Klnkead. N Y
W W Randall. N Y
C D Kinsman. Mass
M K TUIson. Mass
Isabella Jacobs. Mich
W J Wiley. Palo Alto
F A Johnson. Nome
I Rosene.' Seattle
A Simons, Ky
H W Clune. Nome
R S Hamilton. S A
R Hlckinoft. Haywrdr
F de C Sullivan, N Y
Mrs Sullivan. N Y
B Becker, Germany
F J Clay. San Jose
C A Galbralth. H 1
Mr* Gailbraith. H I
K F Swan. N Y
C R Spllvalo. N Y
Mrs Spllvalo. Belmont
J Haslacher. Oa&dale
A B Haslacher. Oak. 11
C H Jacobs. Detroit
E H Stoothoff. N Y
J H Booge, Chicago
N S Mercer, Omaha
R A McAllister, WU
W L Finn. Salem
K B Colby. New York
F C Dresner. Sactn
E C Brace. St Paul
F H Yost. S A 1
GRAND HOTEL.
C Casedy, Treka
Mrs E B Halvey, Can
J T Smither, N T
J D Smith. N Y
R W Dwyer. Cal
F Harts, Alameda
G P Morgan, Cal
J E Talbot, Vallejo
J P Jarman & w, Cal
D B Hanson, Seattle
Miss Mijthavacco, Cal
Mins C MIghavacco.Cal
F H Patterson, B Juan
J S Davles. Rochester
G T Berry. St Louis
C P Stacey. Chicago
G W Belcher. Ariz
J F McKee. Cincinnati
V W Hartley. Vacavlle
G B Wood & w. Chic
L F Gray & sister, Cal
H K Stahl. San Jose
H P Soragl. Vallejo
W C Stetson.SS StPaul
F A Dora & w, Cal
C O Laurltzen. Holllstr
J G Hamilton, Hollistr
F T Barnard, Marysvle
E L Berls, St Louis
Mrs B Beck, Llvermre
Miss M Beck,Llvermre
B F Oatford, P Alto
A Robinson, Benlcta
H G Seymour. Sacto
O P Martin. Watsnvlle
B R Martin. Sta Crux
J T McDonald, Hono
J T Brophy, Honolulu
B J Tilton, Alaska
H H McAllister, Stktn
J F Paxklnson. P Alto
K H Ust. Palo Alto
T Goffs, Palo Alto
T R Bacon, Berkeley
Dr T A Keadles. Vet
erans' Home •
Miss Clover Sta Rowa
T> Patten, Napa.
J T Grace. Sta Ro«a
G A Beavis, Portland
G N Gill is. Idaho
W J Cleary, Spokane
P Johnson, Angels
C Teague, Fresno
B F Shepherd Jr. Cal
W Pike, Fresno
C W Johnston. Cal
W S Hall. Woodland
H Albery. Colusa
J C North, Sacto '
P H Thompson & w.
Red Bluff
PALACE HOTEL.
HOTEL ARKIVALS.
win at thfs point and lost the set and
match, 7—5. Robert Whitney beat Cornell,
6— 3, -6—3. >, In a close contest Crowell beat
p. McGavln, S— 6. 6—4, 6—3. Gus Taylor
beat Charles Kuehn, 6—1, 6—2.
The most exciting match of the day was
that between Smith and Goss. Smith won
the first set, 11-^-9. In the second Goss
had Smith 3 love, but here Smith braced
up and took the set. 6— 3.- Collier beat
Crowell. 6—4. 6-3.. R. Whitney .beat Johns,
5—7. 6-0, 6—2. Gus Taylor defaulted to R.
Whitney.
The last match of the day was not fin
ished on account of darkness. Collier won
the first set, 6—4. TSmith won the second,
J— 5. The. third set will be played next
Sunday morning, and the winner will play
B. Whitney for first prize.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1900.
Game.
13
•q 09 1-3 3'JP ri^H
Competitors. * M | 3 M ~ S :
. • ? a ? a y a I :
;_ : i» I : y _? : •
H. Blackman.. 10 10 11 11 f 10 ~i3T"fT
J. H. Mee 9 11 10 10 11 12 » 72
L.. Chenery 9 15 12 10 10 9 io 75.
W. Ames 10 12 10 12 9 11 11 75
H. B. Goodwin. 11 15 11 10 9 8 11 75
A. Carrlgan.... 12 10 11 11 11 u u n
J. Lawton ...'.
It. Golcher ••
H. D. Flllsbury
S. L.. Abbot Jr
L. Chenery
II. B. Goodwin
C.n. Wlnstow
"SVorthlngton Ames
J. H. Mce....
Captain Rumbaugh....
II. A. niackman
COMPETITORS.
1st 2d
Round. Round.
43 44~
49 43
41 61
49 . 48
49 it '
67 45 ¦
- 61 64
66 66
69. 65
69 66
61- «7.
Total.
. 87
S3
96
97
87
102
= 106
112
114
115
• 121
6. |M.
T.
W.l T.
18.
Moon's Phases.
. ~.
•— 1" • ~T" /^\ Ful1 Moon.
, v£/ Xovtmber t
IT 12 13 14 15 18 17 U Novmbtr "•
X«w Moon,
18 19 20 21 J2_ _23_ J4_ 9 XoTtmber fl.
"aT "m" "IT "iT "»" 30 -a First Quarter.
J-JP November 29.
J. Lawton ...'.
It. Golcher ••
H. D. Flllsbury
S. L.. Abbot Jr
L. Chenery
II. B. Goodwin
C.n. Wlnstow
"SVorthlngton Ames
J. H. Mce....
Captain Rumbaugh....
II. A. niackman
COMPETITORS.
1st 2d
Round. Round.
43 44~
49 43
41 61
49 . 48
49 it '
67 45 ¦
- 61 64
66 66
69. 65
69 66
61- «7.
Total.
. 87
S3
96
97
87
102
= 106
112
114
115
• 121
•q 09 1-3 3'JP ri^H
Competitors. * M | 3 M ~ S :
. • ? a ? a y a I :
;_ : i» I : y _? : •
H. Blackman.. 10 10 11 11 f 10 ~i3T"fT
J. H. Mee 9 11 10 10 11 12 » 72
L.. Chenery 9 15 12 10 10 9 io 75.
W. Ames 10 12 10 12 9 11 11 75
H. B. Goodwin. 11 15 11 10 9 8 11 75
A. Carrlgan.... 12 10 11 11 11 u u n
6. |M.
T.
W.l T.
18.
Moon's Phases.
. ~.
•— 1" • ~T" /^\ Ful1 Moon.
, v£/ Xovtmber t
IT 12 13 14 15 18 17 U Novmbtr "•
X«w Moon,
18 19 20 21 J2_ _23_ J4_ 9 XoTtmber fl.
"aT "m" "IT "iT "»" 30 -a First Quarter.
J-JP November 29.
BOBN.
PEASB- In this city. October 1. 1900. to the
wife of Thomas H. Pease, a son.
RICHTER— In this city. November 4. 1900, to
the wife of Adolph Richter, a son.
ROHR — In Alameda. November ft. 1900, to the
wife of J. H. Rohr. a daughter.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
tn at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
ROOMS TO LET— Forn. «nd Cnfnrn.
GEARY. 405 tThe Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rans; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1137— Sunny newly furnished; en bulte.
6lngle; hot, cold water; phone; 6 team heaters.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and MiFSion ets.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
»lr.Kle; ladies' rarlor; reading-room; elevator.
i JESSIE. 433— Furnished rooms to let suitable
for two. (5 and $6.
LAS PALMAS 1*20 Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
rmi.; private; bath; sin. nn».; board optional.
MINNA. 237— Rooms »1 25 per week upward; !£
cents per night: centrally located.
MINNA, €67 cor. 8th— Newly furnished bay-
window rocm. II per week; transient.
SEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. J2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OAK. SS5— Larpe" front room: nicely furnished;
private family; gas and hath.
OAK GROVE ave.. 17. off Harrison *L— I-arge
unfurnl5hed room.
O'FARRELL, 2D— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wlc, mo.
O'FARRELL. 224— Nicely furnished front suite;
also other sunny rooms.
KOgKDALE House, 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
nlpht 2f-c to II. week $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
ler; rooms, per nljcht. 35c to II 50; week, {3 to
It; month. IS to 130; elevator on ground floor:
rocms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAX Auartment House. M Elchth »t..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
TURK. 543— Nice single room for gentleman,
II per week; private family.
UNION, 11*4. near Fillmore — Six rooms and
bath; rent |:a
RQOMS AND BOARD.
BOARD and room with private Christian fara- !
lly; f IS. B13F Larkin st. |
BOARD and rooms at 415 First st, near Har-
rison.
FIRST-CLASS modern family hotel; very sunny
rooms; fine table. 16M California st.
TWENTT-THIRD. SS30. bet. Valencia and M1»-
•ion— Sunny rooms: private family; all con-
veniences; best board; reasonable.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
RAD tenants ejected for J4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41S Montgomery st., rooms 5-10; tel. 65S0.
ROOMS papered from I) BO; whitened 11 up;
painting done. Kartraan Paint Co.. 818 Third.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rate*; open e\ - en. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 45. ,
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plamberk. 1913 Mission, nr. 15th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 72! Mission st.;
?-I. Main lMtj; shippinc at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Etorape and Furniture Moving Com-
pairy. 2220 Fillmore st. ;. phone Jackson 281.
SLOT MACHINES.
BOUGHT and sold; new and second hand: large
display: very cheap. 927 Market, room 220.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS^We
cell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, M6 California; telephone Main 26&
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery «t. ••
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No! 21 (thirty
cents per ehare) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Ccirifaay win he payable at the office
cf the company. 127 Market St., en snd after
Saturday. November 10, 19^3. Transfer books
closed on Saturday. November 8. 1300, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice-The Giant Powder Com-
pany, (con.). A dividend. No. 23, of seventy-
five cents <7Sc) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the cfflce of the company, 4S0 Cali-
fornia street, San Francisco, on November
10, 1900. Transfer books close November i,
I***, at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of the engineer. Twelfth Llghthouss
District, Pan FrajicUeo, Cal. — Proposals will
be received at this office until 12 o'clock
noon, on Friday, November 30, 1900, and then
opened, for the rental of San Clemente Isl-
and. Los Angeles County, Cal. (reserved oj
¦ Presidential order as a lighthouse reserva-
tion), for a period of five years. Inform*-
lisa and blank forms of proposals may be
had at this office. CHAS. E. L. B. DAVIS.
Major, Corps of Engineers, U. S. A^, En-
pineer Twelfth Lighthouse District.
V. 8. ENGINEER office. Flood bids., San Fran-
clsco, Cal., Oct. 8, 1900— Sealed proposals for
constructing a wharf and tramway at Point
Bonlta. Cal., will be received here until 11
m.. November 8. 1900, and then publicly
opened. Information furnished on appllca-
catlon. CHAS. E. L. B. DAVIS, Maj.. Eng'ra.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
T! and"29 Fifth «t. Tel. South 167.
IUNEBAL DIEKCTOKS AND EMBALMER?
Finest Equ'—nent at Moderate Rates.
MOUNT, TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:15 a. ra.: 1:43 and 4:00 p. nx
SUNDAYS 8:00. 10:00. 11:30 and 1:13 p. m.
Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN
Ticket offices. (21 Market st~ SUusatita Ferry.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER8,
1239 Market st. between «th and 8th
Telephone South 247.
{Successor to Flannacan & Gallacher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mert
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMHAL.MERS,
£0 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. '
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.,
/""^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
HnrSu ln 1*04 tor the treatment ol Private
jJlxL.- 3m I'toew""*. Lost Maiiunod Debility or
NE^HMmHL disease vearlngon ofHtynnrlmlna and
V ! i£tT*!i«3 * kin D'aeaao*- Thr doc tn r cu res. w lien
fcSLBKMlJsai <>th er« fall. TTT him. Charger low
CoJIorwrlte.
Dr. J. *'. uIBiiUN. im* 1937. San Vraactew
Stdamer " Monticello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at »:45
a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nlzht); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. S
p. n-.: Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
PARE ... ...-;... ..SOo
BAY AND RIVER 'STEAMERS.
COJ4PAGNI3 GEHERALS TRAMSATLA5TIQCK.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. »^_
Railing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, from November 2, lSW. at •*J*&<fVi*
10 a. m., from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton street. L* AQUITAIXE. Nov. g. First-
class to Havre. $5* and upward. Second class
to Havre, *43 50 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson bpildins;). New
York. J. F. FUOA7.I * CO.. Pacific Coait
Aeents. 5 Montgomery »v>wi>. San Francisco.
DIED.
Allen. Alexander W. Maloney. Francis N.
Andersen, Hattie >lark«, Harris
Antony. Henry Nannery. Thoma*
Bailly. Irene E. O'Connor, Julia
Blum»n»chein. Philip Parvons. Marie A.
rorcoran (infant) Itieux, Alice
Farrell, Peter Rosenthal. Rosetta
Guillag. J. M. Fchimelpfenlfr, John
Haye*, Miranda G. Schmitl, Philomena
Honan. Charles F. Sherman, Harriet N.
Howe. Amelia Sleeper, Kate
Kalthoff. Bernard H. Wells. Laura H.
Kern. C. P. Louisa Wiggin. Emll
Leech. Robert O.
ALLEN— In this city, November 5. 1900. Alex-
ander XV. (Sandy), beloved husband of Addle
Allen, son of Alexander Allen, and brother
nf Peter Allen. Mrs. A. Ilhraan. Mrs. George
It. Crary and Mrs. H. B. Isaacs, a native of
Hun Francisco, ared 26 years 8 months and
21 day».
(T7Krlends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
at 2:80 o'clock, from his late
residence. IS04 Twenty-first street. Cremation
at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
ANDERSEN— In this city. November 6. 1900.
Hattie. dearly beloved wife of Uouis- J. An-
dersen, mother of Josephine O'Neil Andersen,
find daughter of Anna and the late Charles R.
Rice, a native of San Francisco, aged 35
v»:»rR 7 months and 1 day.
E^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. euhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment pri-
vate. Holy Cross Cemetery.
ANTONY— In this city, November 6. 1900. Henry
Antony, beloved husband of Carrie Antony,
and lather of Laura. Kreddi*. Henry and
Carrie Antony, a native of Beckhelm. Ct;.
many, aged ni years and 2 days. \
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
<Wednei.day). at 1 o'clock, from his lat<» resi-
dence, E19 North Point street, between Hyde
and Larkin. thence to 413 Butter street
Druids' Hall, where services will be held
commencing at 2 o'clock, under th« auspices
of North Reach Lodge No. 0. Hermann's
Sons. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BAILLT— In this city, November «, 1900. Irene
Bueerle Bailly, a native of San Francisco
aged 2 years and 3 months.
If you are thinking of
carpeting your home better
/fisit our big store and look
over some swell, stylish pat-
terns in the best makes.
No trouble to sh6w goods
— plenty of light and room,
courteous salesmen, glad to
tell you points of carpet in-
/I5~2I7 olItlB Stii Above lyBSMy.
4 1 --- JL-
Schjiictcg
OCEANIC S. 9. CO.-HONOI.tTT.tr, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
ES. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)...l
Saturday, November 10, 2 p. m.
SS. SIKRRA. for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. November M, 9 p. m.
S3. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
Tuesday. December 4. -4 p. nj.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Arts., 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
BARI>OAV— RUPPERT— In Alameda, October 15.
15*0. at Et. Joseph's Church, by the Rev.
Father Foley. Frank T. Barlow of Oakland
and Vary C. Ruppert of Alameda. No cards.
PETEKSEN— PETERSEN— In this city, No-
vember 3, 1900. by the Rev. O. Groensberg,
Charts Petersen and Caroline Peterfen.
MABBIED.
THE 0. R, & H. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAirERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 A. M.
C 1 n C S 1 2 First Class. Including Berth
rAnL S8Second Class. and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Nor. 4, 14, 24. Dec. 4
GKO. XV. KLDER sails ..Nor. 9. IS. 29
Short Lln« to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena, and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Cast.
E. C. WARD, General Arent.
630 Market street.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR'
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. HONGKONO MARU
Tuesday, November 13. 1900
SS. NIPPON MARU .-»......
Thursday. December «. 1900
SS. AME3RICA MARU
¦ Saturdar. December 29. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trl? tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of First. ¦
¦W. II. AVERT, General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
. HEW TORK. 80UTHAXPT0N. LONDON. PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis Nor. 14|St. Louis Dec. 5
New York Nov. 21 New Tork Dec. 12
St. Paul INor. S3 St. Paul. ..'... ...Dec. 1»
RED STAR LINK.
N«w York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwark Nor. 14|Noordland Dec. Z
Westernland ...Nov. 21 Frlesland Deo. 13
Kensington Nov. 23. Southwark Dec la
For freight and jxisoage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery st. Or any of Its agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i. Steamers leave Broadway
*w wharf, San Francisco:
Y^W,^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m .
Kw^S^Sk ov - •• 7 - 1 '- *?• Dec - !
B-^P^SQ^tK Change to company's steamers
'''^SS^l For vlctorla - Vancouver fE.
C.). Port ToKnf>nd, Seattle.
/ Tacoma, Bverett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. Not. 2. 7, 12, 17, 22.
27. Dec. 2, and every fifth dar thereafter.
Change at Sesttle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Nor. 4.
9. 14. 19, 24, 29, Dec. 4 and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Diego stoppinir only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a. m..
Nor. 1, 5»9, 13. 17. 21. 25. 29. Dec. 3, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Eanta Cruz. Monterey. Ban Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo), Gaviota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Anreles) and Newport — 9
a. m.. Nov. S. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. Dec. 1. aod
every fourth day thereafter.
Fcr Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Joee del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of. each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
et'amers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
TICKKT OFFICE^ New Montgomery
street (Palnce Hotel). ¦
OCEAN TRAVEL.
BAUiBOAP TBAVEL.
¦OUTlUtR.* K4tr|Klt: ionPlNT.
|r«oirio itfirrBM.)
Trains I«hti> i»»«I i»r» «n« «• nrrli. mi
MAM fr-U4\<l*t <».
(Main Line. Foot cf Market StretL)
kati — Fkom Xoviubfk 7. 1900. — »»mi
¦7:00a Benlda. Suimin, Klmir.v VacavQle,
Rumsey «n<t h»er»menrn *7t43r
•~iOOa 3h*.«tA Express- Davis. Williams (for
Bartlett Springs). W Ilium. Red
Uluff. Portland. •»»«»*
•7:30 a Martinez, 8an K *mon. Vallejo. Napa,
t'alistrgaamiHatita Rosa *dil.?r
•8tO«A D»f is. Woodland. Knights Lsadlsr.
M»rjifiiie. i>r»ti:.> *7t«Sr
•MiOi>* Atlantic Kipreas— Ogtlen and Kast *3:t5p
* *Bi*0a >"!!ri, LlTennore, Tracy, Lathrop,
Stockton *7tl3p
•¦iBtt* San Jose, Lhermoro, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. PlaeerriU*.
M«r»»»illo. Chieo. lte.l Hind " *•••»»
•«:3i>* O»kJ air, Chinese, Honoia. Carters... ••:l.1r
•!»:#»» Hajwards. Nilrs and Way Hutlooi. *l 1:4.1a
•11:00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Trae?. I,»throp. .Stockton. Mrreed
Freauo aud Los Angalea *7tl-1p
*»>S«A Vallrio. Martincs anrt Way Stations •S:43 P
•10:00* The OrerUnd Limited— Ogd«o, D«a-
w, Omaha. Chicagn *0t43r
•1 I:OOa Kiles. Stockton. Sacramento. Mon-
dot». Frrsoo. llanford. Viaalia,
i rorterillle MiUr
; '11:00a LlTennore, Banger, Gosfcen Junc-
tion, Bakersfleld. Los Angeles
tl:OOr Sacramento ltlTerSt««niof«..'. tB:9HA
•3>O«r Haywards. Niks and Way Stations. •3i4»r
, *4:aor Mutlncii. Han llamoi.. V*U»Jo.
Napa, U»1WU>k». Santa llota **il3t
MiOOr Il-nicla. Winters. fUctamsnto.
Woodland. Knights Uodlnf.
ltaryn'ille. <>«i>tI1I« «l«:4r»«
•li:i«ip Harvard*. Nile* and Ban .I0.0 ?¦:*¦¦»»
•5:OOir KSMBj LlTennore aod Stockton •1«««3»
;3:OOr ouciet Limited, El P»s">, Vttw •
Orleans »nd East el»tl.1t
•3iOOrT)i« O«l United— Trier. Fresno.
BakersBoM. Haugus for Santa Bar-
bara. Lob Auceles. °lO>l!t*
•.1:O«r Nev Orlraat Express— IJakeisflohl.
Saiit* H.»»liara, Los Anzrles. Dem*
lug. El Paso, New Orleans aud
East "Ti***
•nsl>Or Hajwards, Jiilea and San Jos« *7i4-i»
tU:ttttr Vallejo •••*«••
•aiOur Oriental Mall-OjJ-3. Cbej-nne.
Omaha. Chicago *ti4it
*«:00r Oriental Mail-Ogdso, D«n?«r.
Omaha. Chicago. MitSr
•7«OOp Oregon and California l'.<i'"-u Ha*.
rameiito. M»rjn>lll». Kh.MIi.j.
I'urUnixl, l*ng«t .Soui.il ami Kail *S:C1t
•St«3r 8aa P»b!o. Port Cut*. Martinet
and Way stations *tl>4S*
t»»«ap Tall«}o Mlr4»A
COAST DITdllia (>»rrow H*nv).
(Foot ct Market 8tmt.> '
•¦1 1.1a Newark. OontncTllle.HanJoie, Fulton,
Boiihler Creek. Santa Oru» and Way
Station* *9t*nr
ttilSr Newark. CenterTHIo, San .Tots, Jf«»
AlmadeD, Frlton. lloalder Creek,
Sau'a Crus and l'rlnoipal Way
Station f !•:."»«»»
•4il.fr Newark. M«n Jo*». Lo» Oato* *S>»»*
ol I s43r Hunters' Ezeursion. San Jos* and
W»y Stations t"« a <>^
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ruaSU rtllCISCO— Fiat •? lirktt Slrt.»(8!l»l)—
•7:15 900 11 OOi.n. }l:03 *2:03 I3.S3
M:C3 18:33 *B:53r.u.
rr»mOHU!>3-f«iHrBfoi»i».-"«.00 8:00 10:00 i.w.
tl2:3J '1:33 »:C3 «3::3 U:C3 "8:33r.».
COAST IUVIMON (Kroadfians*).
(ThlrJ mid Townsend Sta.)
TfltlOAOcean View. 8011th Man Ynnclten.. fiiior
•7:09a ftan Jose i»mI Way MUU«ns (New
Alinadan \V«diimdaii only) •!.*<»?
•»iOO« Han Joss. Tr>* JMno*. M,uii« Cms.
PaciUo Urotv. 1'aso llubles. San
Luis Ol.inpo, fwtrf. Lomyoc antl
Principal Way 8UU»ns M:lrtf
•10:10. San .lose aud Way BtaUons ••¦«.-»*
•I hit, Man Joas ami Way tttatlnna *3i3»p
t*:t.1r Stii Mat-o, Itrjwoo.1, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. 8*11 Jme,
Tres Finos, rfaiit* Crux, Sallaas.
Montsrsy and Facifla Orov* tlO:-'*"*
tat*«r San Jose aod Way Statkm* *>!«¦¦
tl:l-"»r Saa Joseau. I Principal WaySUtlons •3:I5«
f3:00r San Jose, Lo« CUtoa aad Prinolpal
WajSutlons til:0»»
••liaop San Jose and Principal Way Stations •¦:3.1a
••¦3»r Han Jose ami Way Station* (»¦.»•»
«Hi«»p San J<v»»ml War StaMnua '*:3O?
A for Morniug. i*lor Afternoon."
* D*i!y. t Sunday exeepted. I Sunday only
9 Mondays. Wednesday!, Fridays.
« Tuesdays, Thursdays, Sundays.
• Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBURON FERRT- FOOT OP MARKET ST.
Son Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:23. 3:30.
5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— EUtra trip at 11:3»
p. m. Saturdays — Kxtra trips at 1:50 anil
11:2» p. m.
STJNDAY&-S;00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; l:*>. J:*), 5:00.
6:10 r- m.
San Rafael to San Franciaco.
WEEK DATS— «:10, 7:50. 9:». 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43.
3:40, 5:10 p. tn. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:53
and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-S:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, S:«. 5:03.
6:-i p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park.
tame schedule aa above.
Leave | In Effect I Arrive
Saa Francisco. | Nov. 7. 1DC0. I San Francisco.
Week I Bun- I J San- 1 W^^k
Days. I days. [ Destination. | days. ' D«js.
7:30 am! 8:00 aoj N'ovato. 10:40 amj S:40 am
3:30 prn 9:30 am j Petaluma. 6:«5 pm:10:i"> am
6:10 rm| 5:Wpm| Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm, l:^pm
"1 **ulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:23 am
Healdsburc,
Lytton.
I Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 1:12 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland I J
I 8:C0 ami and Uklah. [ 7:35 praf t:22 pm
7:30 ami j I 10:35 arn
f 8:00 am' GuernevlUe. 7:35 pm
J:S0pm'! I ! «::2pm
7:30 am 8:00 am | Sonoma ) 9:15 am; 8:40 am
( and 1 j
5:19 pm 5:00 pm] Glen Ellen. I 8:05 pm[ J:23 pm
7:30 am| 8:C0am| 110:40 am]10::3 am
3:30 pm; o:00pml Sebastopol. | 7:33 pmf 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa, for Hark W»»i
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skasgs Springs: at Cloverda!?
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carts-
bail Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bart!»tt
Pprlngs: at Uktah for Vichy Springs. Saratr>?a
Blue Lakes. Laurel D«U Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Pott<-r Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. Bur-knell's.
Fanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Sprtn^s,
Afendoclno City. Fort Rray?. Westport. Usal.
Wlllets. Laytonvll*. Cummtnes. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsenn, E>yer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tlckMs at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday*, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. KiO Market St.. Chronicle butld-
lns. R. X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Gen. Manager.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto F*rry.
Commencing: September 30. 1900.
FROM 8AN FRANCISCO TO MIX.L. VAliXT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEKyI)AY8-«:«. »«:15. U:00 a. a.. »1:U
l:15 s* :M - 5: % * 8:1S » •¦•*> P- «=-
EXTRA TRIPS— For M411 Valley and Qan
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at SiW and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »8:00. 10:00.. 11:30 «_ m.. *1:U,
8:15. *«:45. «:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qnentta.
TROM 8AM RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3CXX
WEEK DAYS— «:2S. »«:30. 7:45, >:30 a. m..
•13:10. 1:45. •3:10. 4:30, 5:20 p. in.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at CMS and 10:24 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:30. •$:<», »1O:OC. 11:45 e. m..
1:40, *3:15. 4:45. •<:» p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from Ban Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAX FRANC13CO.
WESK DAYS— 4:45. «:45. 7:55. »:*» a. m..
1J:85, 2:10. 1:30. 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
•nd Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. a.
SUNDAYS— «:65. 16:05 a. m.. 12:04. J:l*. »:33l
1:00, <:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS
1:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and war sta.
tlons.
1:43 d- m. Saturdays— Tomales and way sta-
tions.
1:00 a. m. Bandars— Tomales and way sta-
tions
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
Leave Mark Jt-straet Ferry Depot.
Lr«. San Francisco.! 9:00 a m 4:10 p ml g:00 p m
Arr. Stockton 13:30 p m 7:15 p m U:05 p m
" Merced 2:4? p m ——— 1:1* a n»
- Fresno 4:20 p in l:0S a m.
•• Vlwlla l:0Opn «:S0an»
•* Tulare 4:21pm ¦ S:10 a m
»• Hanford 8:Mpm I:« a m
•* Bakersneld ... 9:50 p m T:» a m.
•* Denver U:ft) t 01 — — —
0 Kansas City... *:li p ai
" Chicago T:«0am
Weiy Gill $1.00 Berlear
• a. m. train ia tha Overland Express. ' Corre-
sponding train arrives at « p. m. dally.
4:19 p. m. Is Stockton LocaU Corresponding
train arrive* 11:05 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. Is Fresno and BaJcersflald Express.
with Reeplng Cars for both cities. CorrespcnJ-
lnc train arrive* at S a. m. <lally.
OFFICES— «41 Market st. and In Ferry DepoW
Ban Francisco: HIS Broadway. Oakland.
BLUMENSCHEIN— In this city, November «.
1900. Philip Blumenscheln, a native of Ger-
many, aged T7 years.
CORCORAN— In this city. November 6. 13CC.
the infant son of Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Cor-
coran, a native of Son Francisco, aged S
months. • ',
FARRELL— In Oakland. November 4. 1900. Pe-
ter Farrell. dearly beloved son of the late
Michael and Catherine Farrell. and brother
of Mrs. Henry Brockhoff and the late There-
Ela McClellan and John Joseph Farrell. a na-
tive of California, aged 33 years 7 months am'
* SiT 9 ' (Oakland papers please copy.)
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister. Mrs. Henry Brockhoff, 136 Henry
street, between Fourteenth and Fifteenth.
Noe and Castro. Interment Holy Cress Ceme-
tery by carriage.
GUILLAS-In this city. November 5, 1900. J. M.
Gulllas, a native of France, aged 77 years.
HAYES— In this city. November 6. 1900. Mir-
anda G., beloved wife of David Hayes, and
mother of J. A. Hayes. 341 Alvarado street,
G. H. Hayes, Victoria. B. C, and Mrs. M. M.
Garoutte, S10 Eddy street, a native of Mis-
souri, aged 53 years 6 months and £6 days.
HONAN— In Napa, November 6, 1900, Charles'
F., beloved ton of tha late Mary and Patrick
Honan, and brother of William Honan and
Mrs. Kate Croder, a native of San Francisco,
aged 25 years 2 months and 11 days.
HOWE — In Stockton. November 4," 1900, Amelia
Howe, a native of France, aged 8? years.
KALTHOFF-ln this city, November 6, 1900.
Bernard H.. dearly beloved husband of Susie
A. Kalthoft'. father of Herbert and Llewellyn
Kalthoff, beloved son of Amelia and the late
Augustus A. Kalthoff. and brother of Mrs.
Ltsettc fc'chwab and Hugo Kalthoff, a native
of San Francisco, aged 41 years 10 months
and S days.
C3"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 336 Thirteenth street, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, corner of Sixteenth
and Dolores streets, where, a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the reposa of his
fouI, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cr^ss Cemetery.
KERN— In this city. November 5, 1900. C. P.
I,ou1&e Kern, dearly beloved and only child
of Adam G. and Louise Kern, a native of San
Francisco. •
E7"Servl<vss will b« held this dty (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the residence of her
parents, 19 Isls street, between Twelfth and
Thirtc-enth. Folsom and Harrison.- Interment
etrlctly private.
LEECH— In this city, November 3. 1900, Robert
G. Leech, beloved husband of Mary M. Leech,
a native of England, aged 72 years and 10
months.
(T7Friends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ths funeral this day
(Wednesday), at S o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by funeral
car from corner of Guerrero and Twentieth
Etreeti, at 2:30 o'clock.
MALONET— In this city, November 6. 1900,
Francis N.. beloved son of John and Mary
Maloney, and brother of James. Thomas,
John, Peter. Joseph, Willie, Nellie and Kittle
Maloney, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 5 months and 6 days. ¦
C7The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 22S Brannan street. Interment Holy
Crofs Cemetery.
MARKS— In New Tork City. November t, 1800, I
Harris Marks of Sacramento, Cal., beloved
husband of Annie Marks, and father of Gus
and Isaac Marks, Mrs. L. Levy and Eva,
Etta, Estelle, Annette, Louis and Florence
Marks, a native of Germany, aged 62 years
and 4 months.
NANNERT— In this city, November 6. 1900.
Thomas, beloved husband of Maria Nannery.
and father of Thomas, John and Joseph Nan-
nery and Mrs. William McCarthy, a native of
County Longford, Ireland, aged €6 years 5
months and 16 days. (Brooklyn papers please
copy. )
K7FriendB and acquaintances ax* respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at S:SO o'clock, from his late
residence, S316 Twenty-fourth street, thence
to St. James Church, corner Twenty-third
and Guerrero streets, where a requiem high
mess will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing- at 9 o'clock, Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery-
O'CONNOR — An anniversary solemn requiem
high mass will be offered at St. Joseph's
Church. Tenth street, at 9 o'clock, Friday,
November 9, for the repose of the soul of the
late Julia O'Connor, daughter of Daniel and
Julia O'Connor, and sister of Timothy J..
John F., William. Mary and Annie O'Con-
nor. Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend.
PARSONS— At her residence. 18T9 Fifteenth ave-
nue South, South Ean Francisco. November
5, 1900, Marie Antoinette Parsons, dearly be-
loved wife of Edward B. Parsons, and loving
mother of Leslie I. and tht late Byron Par-
eons, and daughter of the late Joseph D. and
Laura Larlos, and stepsister of Fred PerrW
of San Juan, a native of Ban Juan. San Be-
nlto County, Cal., aged 2S years 1 month and
3 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany. 1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
RIEUX— In this city. November 6, 1900. Alice,
daughter of Lucle and the late E. P. Rleux.
and sister of Lottie Rleux. a native of San
! Francisco. .
ROSENTHAL— In Alameda. November «. 1900, '
Rosetta, beloved wife of H. R. RoKenthal.
and sister-in-law of Mrs. L. B. Sllberberjr, a
native of North Carolina, aged 24 years.
SCHIMELPFKNIG — In Eureka, Humboldt
County, Cal.. John Schimelpfenlg.
C7 Notice of funeral hereafter.'
SCHMITT— In this city. November 5. 1900.
Philomena Mary, dearly beloved wife of Jacob
Sehmltt, and mother of Jacob M. Bchmltt, a
nativo of Botxen, Tyrol, aged hi years and (
months. '
G7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 134 Bartlett street, between Twenty-
tecond and Twenty-third, thence to St. An-
thony's Church, corner Folsom and Army
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SHERMAN— In this city, November 6, 1900,
Harriet N-. beloved mother of Frank P. Sher-
man, and sister of Julia A. Holbrook and H.
Ia White, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 66
years 3 months and 8 days.
(CyFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, from the residence of. her sister, 27
Liberty street. Interment private.
6LEEPER— In this city, November «. 1900. Kate
Sleeper, a native of Genesee County, ,- New
York, aged 35 years 8 months and 5 days.
WELLvS— In this city, November 6, 1900, Laura
H., beloved wife of the late Lymau Wells, a
native of New York.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral |
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2S6fi Mission strept,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third..
Ml'xton Masonic Temple. . Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
WIGGIN— In the City and County Hospital,
November 6, 1900, Emil Wiggln, a native Of
. Norway, aged 36 years.
ST. JOSEPH'S UNION— The . semi-annual sol-
emn high mass of requiem for the deceased
members of St. Joseph's Union, and the de-
ceased relatives of the living members, will
be celebrated in St. Mary'" Cathedral, at 10
o'clock, this day (Wednesday). A sermon
appropriate to the occasion will be preached
by a clergyman from the southern part of the
archdiocese.
feBAL \ ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
yg,- as market street.
AlS OVER 20 PERCENT *
AFTER TAXES PAID
;W» cash-Large lot, CxllO ft.; Improvements;
* modern flats; cottage; etable; rear flats.
I * »lCoV° n Eixte * nth •*- nr - Valencia; price
PARK rANHANDLE FLAT6.
|1TSOO — Rent* JS.-5 per annum: S new modern
fiats; porcelain tubs; frescoed dome cell-
Sr.gt, etc.; on Afhbury st.
HATES-STREET FLATS.
. S67S0 — * mofiem flats. 7. 7. E rooms and. bath ;
I renrs J»"6fl p^r annum; tunny side; lot Six
I 1S7.6 ft.
iPOTE-NTOWN RESIDENCE.
Best level bltumlnlzed block.: Leaven-
iorih et.; attractive house, 8 rooms and
ta'.h; light aod Eunny; marine view.
>somt: soitth of market fiats.
5 Baa. mell-bullt bay-windowed flats, cf S
and 6 rccme and bath; rents {53 per '
conth; on Minna st.
TTTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
4 fiats cf E and 3 rooms; lot ttxSO; rents
U2 to per month.
HA-STREET RESIDENCE
AT A SACRIFICE.
U rocmt and bath: near Fell et.
VELT HOME '
MIDST SUNSHINE AND FLOWER3.
AFH DOWN PRICE J1500
Iialance as rent; modern Mission, cottage
cf S rooms and b«.th; sunny side street.
TIFTL MODERN FLATS
FOR TOUR RENT MOXET.
"ASH DOTTN; two ttirtictlve modern flats
k* T °* * aaa 6 rooms smd bath; rented for j:s
per montli.
EASTO>^ ELDRIDGE CO..
n ' tS» Market St.. .
SeaFTON, ELDRroGE & CO..
tS« MARKET ST.
H AUCTION I '
I AUCTION I
AUCTION!
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 28, WOO,
at 12 O'clock Vonn.
At Our Salesroom, 638 Market St.
PROBATE SALES.
Eftat* cf Charles O'Neill, Deceased.
\Jt No I«D Minna St.. near Fourth, 3 Cats. S and
!f ¦—¦"—; rents $39; lot SZhi'O toet-
¦jf Nn. Efi Marirosa terrace, rear Harrison it.,
Hr'-tpe • rooms; rents $10; lot CSxjO fnet.
Karate of Francis L, Wilson. X>eeease4.
I No ;« •"•? Laevenrvortn St., near Washington.
f*es - '!?r.je 12 rooms and bath; lot 45:£x^7:t
Three. Lots 27x75 Feet Each.
3 Sn-jrh *:Se Poet st, 2~ east of Steiner.
3 South fifie Post St.. 27 west of Fillmore.
LARKIN BT. IN^TSTMENT.
I No. :S r '»> Larldn st , near Pine; I fine flats
MDf C. S and i rooir.s and bath; rent $70 month.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
I No. IKS Greenwich et., near Buchanaa; I
I fats cf t roosjs and bath; lot 25x137 :« feet.
PAP.K PANHANDLE FLATS.
I No. 1S5C Hayes St.. near Central ave.; S flats
Icf «, 7 and S roorr.* sni bath; rent* JS3 per
rrrf-h; lot 3:4x137.6 feet. '
> t
W f SOfTH OF MARKET COTTAGE.
Tim. 134 Lanirton St.. r.ear Harrison; cottar* •
f rooms; lot EixSO feet.
PROBATE SALE.
No. <I2 Fnlton st.. near Gourh: 3 front fiats .
f 4 roorr.8 each and rear house 4 rooms; rents 133 !
I r«r rr.or.th; lot 27:exl37;« feet.
MARKET ST. INVESTMENT.
Northeast Fide Market at.. 4a feet •outhwest
ct Church; lot 2x145 feet.
EXCELFIOR HOMESTEAD LOT.
East '•¦>• London St.. «0S feet south of China
ave. ; 75x106 feet.
market st. homestead association
LOT.
TV»*t «!«* Corbett roa4. 85:1 south of Dia-
mond; lot PStTxlSS feat.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE & CO..
CSS Market st.
MODERN hoasps built; lowest prices; plans and i
»«timafes fum!«he<i. OampbeTl. 1147 Mission, j
ni:4I. ESTATE rolVTIIJ For Sale
A *NOR^GIAN r cr^iredlth~fiumilV can^reiTia
peed hiu*» and bam In the county for th«
TTicter; rent free; 20 acres of farmlns land
for rent If deelred near town; good read:
J-esUtfcy location and rood water. Address
P. O. box JT4, Santa Crux. Cal.
ALL th* counties; free lists of farms and prop-
erty in bay cities for aale or exchange. M.
GRIFFIN. 71S Market st.. r. 1. nr. Call bldjc.
TV RITE J. W. HORN, SU Mala «t.. Petaluma,
for free copy Sonoma Co. bargains; new edition.
WIEAV ESTATE TO EICHAXGb!
*% >NTED— To txih&xis* tor ranch, business
; roperty or offer: g-ood Eastern property.
tmourtlnj to JTS.OOO. Box 2044. Call office.
Oaklard.
;^>f:'.v ccttace. £ nr.r, bath; lot 50x100; Mission:
? '-r.'.nl terms: and vacant lota. 4H Kearny nt.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALASEDA REAL. ESTATE.
ir&O-AUCTION price; flnest rcodern S-rootn
eottac* in Alameda; perfect plumblnc: fin*
location ; 2 blocks from station A high school;
far xrTTr.%. A. G. Burns. IS01 Park. Alameda-
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAHL%\n HEAL ESTATE.
FOTTND BARGAINS.
Twenty h"u«.e 3 ar.1 cottar's for vale re-
q-Jlred by rr.ortgn*.. that I sm authorized to
•ell- »a*y term*; feme fa_-ne u rent; eend or
ca!I for what y^u wsnt
Rsprhes r-r s«)^ F from u to acres.
rhiny-raF» ratal^gTje c f homes.
CoM^fiW! rhanr* ; S o f «JI kinds.
F>r all barjainfi s«e E. E BCNf'F
New offlc-. !•? BrrMidway. Oakland.
P.Huwt open on funflsv. «-.!»««.
¦WANTED-A iTT.a'.l houf* and lot; small In-
etallnwitf; OiMlanl. F. e. ISM Grove rt
Oakland. '*
OAKLCCD HOISES TO LETT
GOOD houeea. Get list from GEO W AL'R
TIN A CO.. 1008 Broad wa;-. Oakland. "
OAKLAND FURXITCRB FOR SALeI
AN introduction to you from H.Fchellhaa* the
. furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oak land .
4 HOOMS FOIl HOCSEKEEP1XO.
r;^:MENTINA. HI. oit rtourth— Rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; private family.
DOLORES. 3S2 — 3 furnished housekeeping-
room? 1 ; cookitove; $7; front room for centle- j
men, 11 50. j
FIFTH. 803—3 furnished housekeeping, connect-
ing. SIC aJeo 2. 112; also hall rooms, t* to SS.
rciLFOM. S34 — Sunny front bay-window room
&nd kluher.; hot and cold water; bath; prt- ;
vate: 13 a week.
GOLDEM GATE are.. €22— A large light fur-
r.ii-hed room; running water; gas stove.
LARKIN Rf'4— 2 sunny back rooms furnished
'.' t hougokeeplngy^U; gmaJl sunny room. U 10.
JOINT LOBOS ave.. 2120— 3 sunny furnished
r.-ionis; hougekeeplng; 110; no children.
riXTH. U6— Sunny room for light housekeep-
er: al»o other small rooms. -
EIXTH 22^y>^Sunny roome; light housekeeping
«!lowed; $f 60 per wetk; private family.
1 i?K BELLEVCE. 222 Van Ness— Nicely fur-
r.U-hed »uite. kitchen, complete hskpg.; ref.
THXBTBESfTH. 33. near VaJencU— One large
»unny room: water, atove; separate entryce.
¦ I.ASKIFIED edvertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
K I'. RANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦ .ijscrtptlons has been established at 1094 \ a-
— -iria gt. • ¦ • ,._j 1__
I'.OOMS TO LET — Fora, and Pnturn.
-i-imUXSWICK Houa*. 14* Sixth— Roomi 25c
¦' :i per night; tl 25 to JS per week, and light
housekeeping; epen all night.
!:ir;%etT. 1C« Market (old No. 13W)— Fur-
i.irhed rtns, suites, single; also unfu^rnlshed.
lil'Efl. iZt tTbe Elk)— Changed hands; newly
rfit,vat<-d. cicely furn. sunny nn».. $1 M to JI
¦^"^k: Sc to SI &0 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
201 EUla. cor. Mason— Handsomely
i-T.'.ihed eunny room*; trices reasonable.
>' ¦r/nji i pc5. cor. €th (The Oliver*)— New fur-
ta»hed eunsy rmm.. elngle. suites; reasonable.THOMAS F. GRAHAM.
MAX C. SLOSS.
gained new charms for the spectators.
Then to show its patriotism, how the"
crowd did cheer for the American flag,
which replaced another bulletin. Then
Roosevelt's picture came in for a Ion?
share of the good natured ebullition, of
the vast throng.
Then as the bulletins continued to show
that McKinley had made gains in every
State the story became an old on© and
after testifying in a variety of ways it3
satisfaction at the result, tho crowd be
gan to scatter. The exodus from "News
paper Corner" began at about 9 o'clock
when all doubt of McKinley's election
had been removed • even from, the most
sanguine Democrat. But the crowd was
so great that though a constant stream
filed along Market street It made no sen
sible diminution in the number until two
hours after, when the thinning- out pro
cess began.
When The Call's perfect bulletin service
flashed the first Intelligence that the New
York Herald conceded . the election of
McKinley, and that he had undoubtedly
carried twenty-seven States with 2S4
electoral votes, many thought it time to
go home. Others took their places, how
ever, and it was nearly midnight before
the crowd had dispersed. Even then
large numbers remained to ascertain the
result of tl»3 local "election.
The Bevir Club ; showed that It was
equal to the emergency. It paraded about
10:30 o'clock. Headed by a brass band,
the club left its- headquarters and
marched down Market street, followed by
hundreds of people. The members of tho
club to the nvmber of one hundred were
clad in their 2:ha.ki uniforms and with
their flambeaux made u picturesque ap
pearance.
Early In the evening venders made their
appearance on the streets, with lanterns
in the shape of a dinner pail on which
was Inscribed:
"Four more years of tho full dinner
pail."
These were disposed of In large num
bers and soon almost every one on the
street had one of the symbols of a pros-
Again when the bulletins noted i that
tv. eW T, rk> Illlnols and Indiana were in
the Republican column cries of derision
were heard for the preposterous claims
?£ $ he . Democrats, marie before election",
that those States would ko for Bryan.
..A^d how the crowd did yell when Mc-
Kinley s picture was posted after a bul
letin showing his Immense majority over
Bryan In certain precincts. The face of
the Chief Executive of the Nation, who
has been chosen to guide its destines for
another four years, seemed to have
ers for the- first time the glad tidings that
McKinley had been elected, such a mlghty
roar went up from thousands of throats
that It well-night shook the tall building.
While it was generally conceded up to
that time that McKinley was re-elected.
The Call was in a position to pive definite
Information on a point which was Involved
in slight doubt. When the bulletins con
tinued to be posted, which announced in
no uncertain terms the unparalleled suc
cess of the Republican ticket, such ex
pressions were heard as:
"Oh, what a. walkover for McKinley."
"Willie Bryan was knocked out in the
first half of the first round."
"What a. stampede in favor of JIcKln
ley."
during the course of the afternoon and
early evening to watch the returns. As
piptant Secretary Steppacher had ar
ranged to get bulletins from both of the
telegraph companies, and as fast as they
came in they were strung on wires. The
service was excellent and when the Mc-
Kinley dean-sweep bepan to be evident
the old war hor.«f>s frequently broke into
cheers. Major McLaughlin said he had
predicted all the time that MeKlnley's
majority in New York would be 200.000.
Colonel Stone was the proudest man in
the Stste and no one was busier or hap
plor than "Jake*! Stmnacher.
Sorrator Cuttor. secretary of the Repub
lican State Central Committee, went home,
to vote and did not return until late in
the afternoon. From the tfme of his ar
rival at hean'ou.T'tors he was active In
taking care of callers and figuring up re
sults.
Before 9 o'clock Colonel Stone sent the
following telegrams East:
SAX FRAXCIPCO. Cai.. Nov. «.
Hon. William MoKinley. Canton. Ohio: "With
trie warmest sentiment of Rratitude we of Cali
fornia corurratuiat" you and the whole people
of the United St3t«s upon the decision of the
loyal voters of our country.
GEORGE STONE.
SAN" FRANCISCO, Cal.. Nov. 6.
Mark A. Hanna, Cleveland. Ohio: I con-
Kratulate you and your co-workers • upon the
frrea* vlrtory in the second battle for true
Americanism. GEORGE STONE.
SAN* FRANCISCO, Cal.. Nov. 6.
J. V. Babroclt. Auditorium Hotel, Chicago.
111.: From returns to this hour six districts
sure and only slight doubt about the other.
GEORGE STONE. '
FAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 6.
Henry C. Payne. Republican National Com
mittee Chicago. 111.: California plves McKln
lev more than 2O.C00 majority. tVe eleot all
our Confrrpssmen. GEORGE STONE.
At 10 o'clock Chairman Stone pave the
following statement to the Associated
Press:
TVom returns received up to this hour I am
r.f the opinion that McKinley and Roosevelt
have carried California l>y 25.000 majority and
the n?rubl!caris will elect all the Congress
men.
Our I>»»BiFlatur<" will be largely Republican.
I Hm gratified to liave the evidence from the
votrrs themselves that the laboring men of
California are with McKinley find prosperity
for another four years. GEORGE STONE.
Chairman Republican State Committee.
Former Justice Van Fleet sent the fol
lowing congratulatory message:
President McKinley. Canton. Ohio: Califor
nia indorses your administration by upward of
2n.ro.-t majority. Kartrept vote ever trlven to a
TreFlder.tial ticket. W. C. VAN FLEET.
National Committeeman.
Prominent Republicans flocked to the
committee headquarters by the score, and
as the cood news accumulated wine was
ASSEMBLYMEN.
Twenty-Eighth District.
E. T. Lacy. D 835
C. R. Franklin, R '. «8«
G. Hatch, S. D 83
Twenty-Ninth District.
J. F. Collins, R 811
T. J. Horan, D '^
Peter Parson, S. D 30
Thirtieth District.
G. J. McLaughlin, D 951
M. McBride. R <»•<
S. Rothenstein, S. D 87
S. R. Brlggs, Pro 16
Thirty-First District.
J. J. Hourigan, R I.** 29
J. D. Sullivan, D S&5
A. J. Oliver. S. D •••:• &
Thirty-Second District
W. J. Evatt. R 738
C. M. Troppman, D 669
A. L. Casavaer, Pro 7
Hugo Lotzln, S. D «
Thirty-Third District. •
John Butler, R: • '.••• 7M"
J. X. Strand. D .......* • ?6S
J. Burdulin, S. D 98
Thirty-Fourth District.
E. D. Knight. R J.406
W. D. Hynes, D 1.267
Max Schwlnd, S. D ' B<
C. E. Fisher. C. R-... •••- 42
J. G. Levensaler, Pro 11
Thirty-Fifth District
E. T. Treadwell, R.. '..... 999
J. A. Zollver. D.... 642
X. V. Hanson. S. D..... 4S
Thirty-Sixth District
W. J. Guilfoyle, R 1.219
J. H. McCormick. D 975
C. E. Williams, Pro 2G
W. Senner, S. D 35
Thirty-Seventh District
Arthur G. Fisk, R .' 1,536
A. McCullough. D : 848
N. C. Anderson, S. D 21
Thirty-Eighth District.
Bert Schleslnger, D 1.326
R. W. Roberts, R 1,056
Leon Deville, S. D 7
Thirty-Ninth District
F. D. Macbeth, R...' 1,182
W. T. McClain. D 89.«
A. G. Swanson, S. D 43
Fortieth District.
H. A. Bauer, R 1,455
S. P. Ellas, D S35
A. N. Turner, Pro 2
C. O. Wilson. S. D 28
Forty-First District.
Oscar Sutro, D 1,506
H. C. Dibble, R 1,136
L. C. Pistolesi. Ind 106
J. Kroezer. S. D 26
Forty-Second District
L. A. Henry. R ) 727
W. D. Wasson. D 661
A. Kastner. S. D 25
M. Hermann. Ind 18
A. Merrill, Pro 10
W. J. O'Connor, Ind 2
Forty-Third District
M. W. Brady. R 931
Eustace Cullinan, D £94
J. D. Hart, Citizens' R 5(W
Charles Schinkel. S. D 48
Forty-Fourth District
A. A. Cavagnaro, D 1,059
A. Campbell, R 790
E. W. Thurman. S. D 36
Forty-Fifth District
B. C. Brown, R 833
W. H. Gately. D 554
H. Groner, S. D 3-3
Seventeenth District-
Joseph M. Plunkett, D....."..; 1.679
J. E. Flynn. R 1.504
T. E. Zandt, S. D 101
H. H. Luse, Pro 20
Nineteenth District
R. J. Welch, R 2.272
T. E. Curran. D 1,164
F. N. Hayman, S. D H3
A. T. Hinz, l J ro • 15
Twenty-First District.
E. I. Wolfe. R 2.6)11
W. K. White, D 1.808
H. G. Pendleton, Pro 7
W. Schultz. S. D 98
H. W. Philbrook, Ind 487
Twenty-Third TJistrict.
J. G. Tyrrell, R 2.169
L. H. Ward. D l.<™
W. A. Wheaton. Pro 1*
W. E. Walker, S. D 12o
Twenty-Fifth District.
J. H. Nelson. R J.J53
J. J. OConnell, D 1.646
W J. H. Barnes., Pro 1'
J. Messer, S. D 79
SENATORS.
At the Republican headquarters Major
Krtnk. Mclaughlin, Justice McFarland of
the Sui«reme Court, Judge Noble Hamil
ton, Judge Henry S. Foote, Horace G.
Platt, Colonel John S. Mosby. E. R.
Llllenthal. Colonel Henry I. Kowalsky, I.
W. Hcllman Jr., Richard Slops. M. H.
Esbcrg, Louis S. Haas and George lx>w
entxrg were among those who came in
Among the men at tho Democratic head
quniterfc were J. J. Dwyer. W. H. Alford,
R. P. Troy, Frank H. Gould and T. Carl
Spelling.
M. F. Tarpey. after having voted in
Alameda and given the managers there
final admonitions, came over to San Fran
cisco. At 4 o'clock, with Bryan apparent
ly making grains in New York, Mr. Tar
pey asserted his confidence in the success
of the Democratic ticket and said that at
no i!np during the campaign had he been
£oubtfui of the result. He even expressed
a willingness to risk some of the money
he won on Argot the day before.
As returns bepan to be received a few
party leaders drifted into the headquar
trrs of their respective parties. The first
New Tork and Chicago returns being fa
vorable to Bryan, there was a decidedly
cheerful air at the Democratic strong
hold, while at Colonel Stone's levee there
va« a little bit of corresponding gloom.
Not until late In the afternoon was
there any particular activity at either of
the State headquarters. Colonel Stone
jind Assistant Secretary Steppacher, with
a few assistants, were on duty at the
Republican headquarters at the Palace
Hotel, and Secretary Al McCabe, with
his assistants, waited at the Democratic
rooms at the California Hotel.
Joy Animates Republicans
as Gloom' Settles Upon
the Democrats.
CAMPAIGNEBS
HEAR THE NEWS
Indications are that Joseph Plunkett
has defeated J. E. Flynn for the State
Senate in the Seventeenth District. Klynn
was the nominee of Kelly and Crimmins.
Governor Gape and the Harbor Commis
sioners may attend to Barry and Smith,
and Senators Perkins and Bard may look
after Federal office holders Lynch and
Dennery.
The cratify!np result is also announced
that Phelan's prime favorite. Thomas E.
Curran. is defeated In the Twenty-third
Senatorial District by Richard J. Welch.
Republican.
In the Nineteenth Senatorial District
John G. Tyrrell, "Republican, Is also a
winner.
The bos« orders -were to knife Xelson
because The Call supported him. Tho
friends of pood povernnK-nt should watch
closely ovcrythir.sr connected with the
count and transmission of the ballots.
ture Wolfe may Ftand bs an object lessen
to arouse the people to a vigorous anti
boss ramralfn in the future. He's ihe
laft rose of Herrin's bouquet.
Th<* result in the Tvvonty-n'th Senator
ial DiFtrKt la causo for public gratifica
tion. J. H. Nelson. Iho Republican nom
inee, nppo-ars hy th«> returns to be a win
ner. The corrupt end degraded elements
trere combined to <We:it him. Kelly and
Crimmlns. M. H. Barry. Mik? Smith. E.
M. Buckley and the riff-raff of tho Phe
lan-Fay push united to dffoat him and
elect J. J. O'Connell. the Phelan candi
date for State Senator. Governor Gape
umipht to call off Whnrfinstrs Barry and
Smith and the Hrrubllran State Central
Committee made a feeMe effort to call off
a committeeman, but the orders of Kelly
and Crimmins were obeyed on the water
front by employes of the State govern
ment.
FRANK H. KERRIGAN.
As early as 5 o'clock last evening the
people began to gather around The Call
building. Posts of vantage had been ap
propriated even earlier than that by men
whose faces denoted a keen desire for in
formation. As fast as the returns, which
denoted a sweeping : Republican victory,
were posted vociferous cheers resounded
up and down the street. When The Call's
immense red searchlight flashed through
the air denoting to the interested observ-
The crowd was well handled by a squad
of twenty policemen under the command
of Lieutenant Blrdsall. assisted by Ser
geants Gleason and Helms and Corporal
Williams. While at least 10,000 people re
mained watching the returns 50,000 or
more were kept constantly on the march
by the police officers. The crowd was
handled without a slnerle accident, though
often the passing streetcars came within
an ace of running down some enthusiastic
McKinley man, who. in his exuberance,
neglected to get off the track. Cars, both
going out and coming in, were crowded
on the outside and the passengers stand-
Ing up on the dummy would sometimes
brush against the fringe of the crowd,
but with no more serious results than the
loss of a few buttons or a tear, in the coat
of some luckless individual who stood too
near. >.*:
It was a surging, seething mass of
struggling -humanity that stood in the
vicinity of "Newspaper Corner," at the
Intersection of Market, Third and Kearny
streets last night. • All sorts and condi
tions of men were- in the vast throng and
many ladies too 'were out to cull informa-:
tion from the bulletin boards. Around tho
entrance to the Cl&us Spreckel's building,
in which is located The Call business of
fice, the crowd was so thick that it lapped
over the car tracks and many times dur
ing the evening the street was impassable.
The interest of the many thousands of
spectators seemed to be concentrated at
that particular point and the enthusiasm
burst forth in cheers upon cheers when
ever a bulletin-telling of McKinley's vic
tories was posted. .
From every point of vantage people on
both sides of the bay and out on the
ships in the harbor waited for The Call's
messages. Signals of McKinley's victory
in California, in New York and through
out the nation flashed almost simultane
ously, and to., a" waiting people the truth,
and all of It, was told.
were Joined with the victorious host. The
lights that wrote th«lr messages on the
clouds were all of carmine hue, McKin
ley's color. Not once was the green
brought into play, for the people at the
polls had willed otherwise.
JUSTICES OF THE PEACE.
T. F. Dunn, R...... . 18,413
H. L. Joachimsen, R 15,968
G. C. Groezlnger, R 15,591
P. V. Long, R 15,441
J. R. Daniels, R.... 14,595
T. I. Fitzpatrick, E> 13,411
J. E. Murphy. D 10,571
D. S. O'Brien, D. 10,457
J. T. O'Connor, D 11,483
J. Prosek, D .....8,396
M. A. Clennan. B. (D 746
J. E. Davles, S. D.. 834
G. W. Metzger, S. D. .................. 828
N. J. B. Shultz. S. D. ...Y... :..:...... 784
H. Warnecke Jr., S. D 768
G. W. F. Cook, City Rep.. . ... 585
AMENDMENTS.
Constitutional "amendment No. 1—
Yes ..........................14,277
No ~ « — _ ...........10,681
DEMOCRATIC.
James V. Coffey.. 19,077
Stephen V. Costello 13,317
William R. Daingerfleld 14,395
William P.'Lawlor 17,605
Unexpired term —
Gaillard Stoney.v 8,528
SOCIAL DEMOCRATIC.
Scott Anderson 681
J. A. Anthony 707
W. C. Shepard ". ......' • 749
John C. Wesley . 764
Unexplred term-
Edward G. Hall.. -... 757
PROHIBITION.
Robert Thompson..... ¦ 259
INDEPENDENT.
George H. Bahts... 10,693
REPUBLICAN.
Thomas F. Graham ;....... 14,470
Davis Louderback 10.464
D. J. Murphy 12,667
M. C. Sloss 16,457
Unexplred term —
Frank H. Kerrigan 16,764
SUPERIOR JUDGES.
.Fourth District.
Julius Kahn, R 9729
Porter Ashe, D are*
C. C. O'Donnell, Ind '506
G. B. Benham, S. D .-. 461
J. Rowell. Pro 73
Fifth District. •
E. F. Loud. R ; 9 092
J. H. Henry, D g'g^
F. E. Caton. Pro:.. 45
C. H. King. 8. D 2 24
CONGRESSMEN.
V. TAYLOR 256
L. A. GOBLE 234
L. S. ATWOOD 222
M. C. WINCHESTER 240
N. MORCUM 224
W. KELLY 219
S. BRISTOL 212
J.W.WEBB 226
social democratic;
L. D. BIDDLE 7S1
E. M. DEWEY 779
O. GAFVERT 771
H. HAUCH 774
W. MAIN ¦ 773
E. M. ANTHONY 772
F. REED 771
J. M. REYNOLDS 7G8
A. J. STEVENS 771
PROHIBITION.
J. H. BLANCHARD 241
DEMOCRATIC.
J. H. SEAWELL 15,220
WILLARD H. STIMSON 15.173
J. P. HAYNES 15.125
W. R. JACOBS 15.0S?
W. R. PRATHER 15.090
W. T. BAGGETT 15.0GS
JAMES N. BLOCK ...., 15.057
THOMAS A. RICE 15,024
JOHN A. COLE 14,941
SAMUEL M. SHORTRIDGE 21,423
WILLIAM J. BARRETT 21.285
JOHN WALTER RYAN 21,227
HAROLD T. POWER 21,201
WILLIAM R. DAVIS 21.247
CHRISTIAN B. RODE 21,233
FRANK McGOWAN ., 21,192
WARREN R. PORTER 21.114
JAMES McFADDEN 20.386
REPUBLICAN.
ELECTORS.
Results Which Show Who
Are Victors and Van
quished in the Fight.
STORY OF THE
CITY'S BALLOTS
In strong contrast to the scene of re
joicing at the Republican headquarters
was the deserted condition of the Demo
cratic commitiee rooms Tifter 10 o'clock.
The party managers slipped away one by
one to lose themselves in the crowd on
the streets, untH a single clerk and tele
graph operator were left alone to receive
and arrange the returns. The operator
was of Republican persuasion, so all was
not sadness as the instrument ticked off
the news of Democratic defeat.
opened freely. Among those who spent
the evening or part of it there were Henry
J. Crocker, ex-Judge Van Fleet. Frank
L. Coombs. Major Belknap, Wakefleld
Baker, Julius Kahn, Colonel F. E. Beck,
Morris Sweltzer. Louis Brandt. E. S. Hel
ler. Justice McFarland and Colonel Ko
walsky.
Gaston Ashe, brother of the candidate
for Congressman, met T. H. Williams Jr.
in front of the Palace Hotel early in the
evening and rushed toward him. By
standers who knew they had not spoken
for years thought there was going to be
a mlxun, but Ashe only wanted to bet.
He said he had wagered all his ready
money, but he would- stake a carload of
potatoes on his brother's chances. Wil
liams readily agreed and the bet was duly
made.
Berwin & Gassner, the manufacturing
furriers, have a large stock v of fine capes,
jackets and scarfs on hand; prices to suit
everybody. : Ladles -desiring to. purchase
will do weir to call. Sealskin coats as
low as $125, which are '.second to none in
the world. 110 Kearay street. •
$125 Sealskin Coats.
BERKELEY. Nov. 6.— Jack Stein, the
3-year-old child of U. L. Stein of North
Berkeley, was kicked ' In the head this
morning by a horse and severely injured.
It is feared that his skull is fractured.
Child Badly Injured.
OAKLAND. Nov. 6.— Rev. K. B. Brad
ley, pastor of the Park Congregational
Church of Lorin, has resigned his pastor
ate on account of overwork and failing
health. Rev. Mr. Bradley, wishes to con
tinue his studies at the seminary and he
cannot continue with his church work at
the same time. vo*. *,¦.-•:
Mr. Bradley Resigns Pastorate.
OAKLAND, Nov. 6.— The Board of Pub
lic Works last night passed a resolution
rescinding all the proceedings that have
been -taken in the matter of opening
Washington street through from Four
teenth street to San Pablo avenue. The
action was taken on account of irregulari
ties in the advertising. The proceedings
will be commenced anew.
Street Proceedings Stop.
*.- . — . — _
perous Republican administration In his
possession. Inside the pall was a lighted
candle and the bauble made- a decided hit
wherever it *appeared.\ ,
"The great searchlight that flamed
election results across the heavens from
the lantern" of The Call building Is among
the finest ever placed in position in the
West," said Henry J. Wolters, chief en
gineer of the Claus Spreckels building, late
last evening. • "The: installment of the
signal plant -was completed Sunday even
ing. Through the courtesy of D. D. "Wass
I was able to. secure a 65- Ampere search
light. To the layman this statement Is
meaningless, but for those who do not
understand the power represented In the
figures named I will^say that the light is
of enormous, almost Incalculable candle
power. ¦ ' .. --.':'-'¦¦;;;.-'¦:. ,-.\;
"This light was placed in position on
the rim, as it were, of the lantern of tho
dome. Telephonic communication was
established between the men at the light
and the telegraphic receivers In The Call
business office. The same communication
was also established with the seventeenth
floor, where six men were engaged hand
ling colored fires and rockets. On the sec
ond floor of The Call building a stereoD
tlcon projecting plant was established to
throw upon the screen stretched In front
of the building the election .returns as
soon as received. Results were communi
cated to the operators of the stereoptlcon'
the" searchlight and: the fireworks men
simultaneously. Thus even sooner than
the people on^ Market street could read
the bulletins from the screen the news
.was known to all who resided in the bav
cities, for the great searchlight signals
were visible for many miles around
i'There was but one portion of the ar
rangement , which, through - force of cir
cumstances, we were unable to thorough
ly test. That was the green light end of
the programme. Green was Bryan' 3
color, but early, in the game we laid the
green paraphernalia aside to make room
for more red, , and until morning the
heavens were as > lurid :as when Nero
fiddled near., burning Rome."
One of the Democratic Electors Chal
lenged—Saloon-Keepers Must
Pay for Violating
the Law.
William T. Baggett, one of the Bryan
electors, lost his vote yesterday, as did
many other citizens through the same
mistake. Within the past thirty days
William T. Baggett was a guest at . the
St. Nicholas Hotel. He then . moved to
the Strathmore Hotel. His right to vote
was therefore challenged on the ground
that he had not resided thirty days in
the precinct before the day of election.
Every policeman was notified by orders
of Chief Sullivan Monday night to warn
licuor men on their beats strictly to ob
serve the' law in keeping their saloons
closed on election day on pain of being
brought before the Police Commissioners,
besides running the risk of being arrested
for selling liquor. The law ¦was obeyed
except in a few instances. Matthew
Grimm, saloon-keeper, 113 Leldesdorff
street, was arrestel by Sergeants Gleeson
and H. J. Wright.
Herman Willers. who keeps a saloon on
Sacramento street, was arrested by Cor
poral Eagan, while other members ot the
harbor police arrested Simon Carlson,
bartender for Otto Hansen. and T. O.
Mahoney, bartender for a saloon on Pa
cific street.
As a rule the water front observed the
law, but some of the men who kept their
places open apparently without detection
have had their names taken and are likely
to hear from the Commissioners next li
censing day.
HOW BAGCKETT LOST
A VOTE » FOR HIMSELF
On© of the Bitterest Contests Waged
in the City Against Corruption in
the Forty-First District.
In the Forty-first Assembly District a
battle royal was In progress all day long.
Republicans united with Democrats to de
feat Henry C. Dibble and hundreds of
votes normally Republican were cast for
his Democratic .opponent, Oscar Sutro.
A very heavy vote was cast and before
2 o'clock most of the electors had cast
their ballots. Although the legislative
contest was bitter there were no disturb
ances, no illegal voting and no open cor
ruption on the part of Dibble s cham
pions. Generally speaking the election
v/as outwardly one of the quietest in the
history of the district. *%'i;-' ~^ : i. '¦•
The same story .. may be tola for the
Forty-second District, where a stubborn
fight by good . citizens, irrespective or
party, was made to defeat L. A. Henry.
In the broad area embodied in the Mis
sion district and including one-half of the
city and four Assembly districts, there
v/ere but two men arrested during the
dny Otherwise the entire section was
as dull, as far as election excitement
v;"ent. as if there had been no election.
All work was suspended at the big manu
facturing institutions in the Potrero. The
Union Iron Works, the Risdon Iron Works
and the Western Sugar Refinery were
closed down during the entire day
to afford the employes a chance to vote.
DIBBLE'S DEFEAT THE
AIM OF BEFTTBI/ICANS
SPLENDID VICTORY OF LOCAL REPUBLICANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1900.
CONTINTrXJI> FROM FAGS FIVE.
DIBBLE MEETS DEFEAT,
(Continued from Papre Five.)
JAMES V. COFFEY,
WILLIAM P. LAWLOR.
nia was safe In the Republican line. Red
fire -blazed from the dome and conveyed
the message that New York's citizens
It was yet early in the evening when a
long shaft of crimson light raised up
ward from the horizon and linked the
dome of The Call building with the zenith.
It was the first herald of McKinley's tri
umph, and throughout the bay cities the
thousands who watched knew that from
The Call there was flashing the first news
to reach the coast. A great searchlight,
like a huge red eye, peered out into the
night and again flashed the news of Mc-
Kinley's triumph. Red bombs leaped up
ward with bursts of explosive patriotism
and shed their rays upon a multitude, a
thousand feet below, that "sent up a
mighty cheer when thus told that Califor-
Mighty Cheers When Red
Searchlight Flashes Vic
tory for McKinley.
CROWDS WATCH
CALL'S SCREEN
Constitutional amendment No. 2—
Yes .... ¦ 16.604
No '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'..'. 6,449
Constitutional Amendment No. 3:
Yes . 15,559
No *.'.".".'."."¦.'.'.'.*.*.'. 5,455
Constitutional Amendment No. 4:
Yes .... 12.441
No !!!!!!!!!!! 6,932
Constitutional Amendment No. 5:
Yes ....... .......14,874
No .'.'.'.'.'A. 3.S45
Constitutional Amendment No. 6:
Yes 9.429
No '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.... 8.2G7
Constitutional Amendment No. 7:
Yes ....... 17,107
-No ".".".I'...'. 4,810
Constitutional Amendment No.. 8:
Yea ...... '.10,303
no ;;;;; s,067
Poolroom Ordinance:
For 12,576
Against .'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'..'. 13,731
14
See display of above goods in our
show windows.
6 pairs In a box.
We will also sell one case MEN'S HEAVY
MERINO HALF HOSE, all sizes from 9 to Hi,
in black, tans and natural arau.
Price $1.50 per box,
The above aoods are a SPECIAL PUR-
CHASE, are all wool, natural arau color, are
extra tieavu weialit, and at the price are the
cheapest line of Men's Underwear ever offered
hy us.
I llbUj tf/i©f3\/ LdLlli
On Wednesday November 7, and
following flays we will offer 250
dozen MEN'S WOOL SHIRTS and
DRAWERS, In all sizes from 30
to ou.
Men's Wool Underwear!
fSL i^^ jljWL Rj Byj
ADVERTISEMENTS.
>^v PAINLESS
£J5^ GEARY STREET
Between Hyde and Larkin.
Tvle&oooe Polk 1US.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
I/EAIINY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
*» modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. Europ^-en plan. Rooms. fcOc to Jl 60 day;
$6 to tt'week; $S to 150 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; flre grates In every
room; elevator runs all nlgbt.
DR.MQNULTY.
rpms vrtxXr-K-sows ast> reliable old
L Specialist cures Blood Poison, Uonorrhcea,O!ei»U
Stricture, Seminal Weakness, Impotence and their
nllled Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men, />*«,
OvirMyea rV <n pereiiee. Terms reasonable. ITr W
9tr>3i2ally;6:.Tnto*.30ev > g*. Sundnys.lOto 13. ConWJ?
cation fre« aod sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. IW.HCOE McXULTY, M.D.
26tf Kearny St* s»au Francisco. C4U
Recommended by physicians. sWattr always
clean and warm. Tub department best in city. •
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
! "Mlra Valle," P. Klein, Sauterne type, claret
Grand Vin. Depot 613 Geary street. *
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
I Pie Crust I
made with ?
l"Ko-Nut"
i| Is Flaky, Digestible and has no
I smell of strong lard. [J
I "KO-NUT"
I A-.Sterilized Cocoannt^Fat for
I Shortening «d Frjiag.
I A perfect supersedcr of Butter! '
I Lard and Compounds.
I: . Ask Your Grocer or Write.
India Refining Co., I
Philadelphia.
Single Box Mattress
IS steel tempered jprtnjs.
hardwood less, we ara •
selling 1 this mattress for
S^.45 ~
"We carry a complete stock of
everything in the Furniture lln».
BIG REDUCTION IX EVERT
DEPARTMENT. Call and in-
spect, our prices.
WE EXTEND CREDIT.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST..
Near Powell. Open Evenings.
I
The foundation on which i
we are buildine our business I
is absolute satisfaction to !
every purchaser— one price —
and money back if^ you
want it. !
I We don't ask you to pay
for a fancy name — we don't
i ask you to pay a fancy profit. j
Pay only for what you pet — j
the best millinery skill can
produce — just a reasonable
profit added.
J Y XHe
ADVERTISEMENTS.