Furnaces have been lighted in Pitts
burg. Pa., as a result of the election, and
great activity is showii in manv iepart
ments of industry.
St. Louis has experienced a remarkable
stimulation in speculation, and confidence
there Is strong.
Men of affairs in Boston see indications
of a steady, solid increase in business t-j
follow the boom now ;n progress.
From Phladedphia come announcements
of many business developments which axe
most marked in orders for buildings to
add to the industrial establishments and
In other directions.
street are reports of the revival In in
dustries, and the indications of faith in
business conditions received from various
leading cities.
Burial of Bryanite Heresies followed by
Most Brisk Trading.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUSINESS BOOMS IN ALL
BRANCHES OF INDUSTRY
THE SULTAN OF MOROCCO. MULEY ABDUL AZIZ. IS SHOWN IN THE FOREGROUND WITH AN ATTENDANT
HOLDING OVER HIM AN UMBUELLA. REPRODUCED FROM THE LONDON GRAPHIC, WHICH POS
SESSES THE ORIGINAL, PHOTO. THE ONLY ONE EXTANT.
"T^" "WASHINGTON. Nov. 12.—
\ / \ / The Government of Mc
\/ \f rocco has again declined
? v to meet tho demands of
the United States for
the payment of an indemnity on account
of the killing by a mob of Marcus E>>
sigian, a naturalized Amencan citizen.
The last request was ma<le by ITnlted
States Consul Gummere, and the latent
declination of the Government of Morocco
was accompanied by an intimation of its
freedom from liability undtr the terms of
the convention between Morocco and
Spain.
The State Department has come to the
diamond pendant, which i» said to have
been formerly worn by Queen Carlotta.
suspended from a Jeweled necklace. Tha
pendant consists' of a large diamond s«3t
around with eighteen smaller stones and
two large stones hanging beneath. The
stone in the center is said to be a famous
diamond. It is of thirty-three carat, flaw
less, and the pendant is said to be wortli
$40,000. The Jewels were turned over tn
Agent Theobald. The men were arraign-.
ed before Commissioner Shields ard wer>>
held in ball of $500} and their examination
was set for November 17.
It was learned that among the paper*
which Preza had on him when he waj
arrested was a bill of sale for the dia
monds for $20,000. It !s said that one of
the men told the officials that the stones
were given to them by a woman to s^-11.
This woman is said to Preza's flanc»?.
The Jewels were In a red leather case and
In the case was a pleo<» of paper on which
was written in English. "Diamond neck
lace is from Maximilian's crown, ISfiO."
The center stone la 33 7-10 karats an-t
none of the eighteen surrounding stores
less than one karat. The stone in one .<f
the diamond rings seized was in Haxi
millan's ring" at the time he was shot.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— Two
Mexicans, who gave their
names as Velo M. Preza and
Alejandro A. Maroueci. were
arrested to-day, charged with
smuggling into this country part of the
famous jewels at one time worn by Car
lotta, the "widow of Emperor Maximilian
of Mexico. The Jewels in the men's pos
session are said to be worth $76,000.
The men were shadowed, and this morn
ing Special Treasury A&ent Theobald saw
them, with another man, meet at the cor
ner of Broadway and- Seventeenth street,
lie approached them and told one of tham
that he was a prisoner. The man pro
tested and. as he did so. handed tw>
packages to' one of the other men. A po
liceman was called and the two were ar
rested. The third man was not arrested,
but went to the West Thirtieth-street sta
tion in a 'closed carriage.
At the station the men protested against
their arrest, but were held notwithstand
ing. The packages were opened and In one
was found two diamond rings. The stones
wore single diamonds, set in plain gold,
and are said to be worth about $18,000
apiece. The other package containing a
DENVER. Nov. 12.—Sheriff Free-
man of Lincoln County tame t->
Denver to-day and after a ions
interview with Preston Porter
and his two son?, negroes un-
der arrest her?, announced hi? be'ief that
John Porter is the murderer of Ixjuise
Frost at Lirr.on. The Sheriff Was with f.:e
ruspeeu-d man for more than a hilf-h. ur.
• nd on coming out of the cell Mid:
"I am convinced that John Porter is the
man who murdered Louise Frost, after
subjecting her to the most revolting in-
digrr.itles:. Before Portc-r and his fathrr
a.nd brother left Limon on Saturday they
burned a quantity of dothinjj and some
bedding at the bunkhouse and left there
a pair of shoes, the imprint and nails of
which fit the imprints about the stene of
the assault.
"John Porter and his brother Arthur. 1
find, served a t*»rm in the Kansas peni-
tentiary for assault on a white girl in that
FtAte. There way a great similarity In
the manner of the assault committed on
the Frost *riri and that committed by
them in Kan?;!?. Porter lie? about' his
whereabouts rn the afternoon of the
crime, and I nrr. of the belief that he is
the puilty man."
John Portrr is tbout 1? years old. He
<juit work on the section gang on the
? >
¦ Union Pacific Railroad rally in the day
j on which the nvjrdcr was committed, and
! fie r-as not satisfactorily accounted for his
! v.-hereabcuts during the remainder of the
| day.
I One of the strorjr points :n tlic chain of
j <Aid* nee apaJnst Porter 'f the *a-1 that
' there are hlcoi stains on his hat. Porter
j confesses to the ownership of the shoes
j found in tho <-atin where he lived at
I Limon.
j "Theie shoe*." Faid the Shortf. "have
! for.r rails in the soles stk-'-jinp: out a con
' distance. i*nd by thjs peculiar
j print we followed the m;\n"s trail for a
j mile and a half, and back; three miles in
| all. On the way to the wnecf the crime
j tiie tracks indJoauvl that he*w«s procced
j ins leisurely^ The other way ho was run
' ninpr.
j "1 rat end to lake Porter back to Lincoln
j County." said the Sheriff, "but I am sat
j IsHed that 1 will nevtr be able to get him
acrcrs the border many \ards. I am sure
Lincoln County men are ready to lynch
; him and that !t will occur a« soon as I
j enter the county, but. nevertheless. I am
: iroir.g to take him along."
I Sheriff Freeman is of the opinion that
i John Porter's father and brother had
nothing to do with the crime, and they
will probably be released.
Sheriff Is Determined, to Take the
Prisoner to Lincoln County.
Lynching Will Promptly Occur.
NEGRO YOUTH THE
BRUTAL MURDERER
OF LOUISE FROST
Uncle Sam Will Have to Send a Warship to Compel
Settlement for Essigian's/Murder.
MOROCCO DECLINES TO MEET
THE DEMAND FOR INDEMNITY
Two Mexicans Captured in New
York With Valuable Diamonds
Worn by Empress Carlotta.
ARE ARRESTED
FOR SMUGGLING
FAMOUS JEWELS
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.-Sena
tor Harris of Kansas, member of the
Isthmian Canal Committee of the Senate,
is one of the first national legislators to
arrive In Washington since the election.
He said to-day that he did not anticipate
any great delay in the passage of th©
Nicaraguan canal bill, which, under a spe
cial order adopted late In the last session,
will be taken* up on December 10.
"I know of no disposition on the part
of ahy Senators to unduly delay the bill
or to offer amendments of a radical char
acter," said Senator Harris. VThe great
est danger of delay lies in the fact that
opposition may be expected from those
who favor ' the Panama canal route
rather than the Nicaraguan route. The
strength they will be able to muster will
depend to a very large degree upon the
report of the Walker Isthmian Canal
Commission. I understand that we are
to have a preliminary report by the com
mission by the time Congress convenes.
This report will contain the conclusions
of the commission, which is all we need."
Real Admiral Walker said to-day that
the commission was making satisfactory
progress, and would have its preliminary
report In the hands of the President in
ample time to be transmitted to Con
gress at the opening of the session. He
said this report would be full enough toi
meet all requirements of Congress, as It
would give all the conclusions which the
commission had reached. The admiral
will not discuss the conclusions of the
commission, but It Is understood that
both the Nicaraguan and Panama routes,
were found to be practicable from an en
gineering standpoint, and it is found that
tho cost of completing the Panama canal
would be practically the same as the cost
of. constructing a canal by the Nicara
guan route. The questions. to be con
sldered by Congress are, therefore, .which
of the routes is the most favorable from
a commercial and military standpoint.
and where- the most favorable terms as
to concessions and control can be ob
tained. It is expected that .there will b»
a lively contest between tHe advocates of
the two routes, but unless a very strong
case can be made out for the Panama
canal It Is probable that the Nicaraguan
route will be adopted.
SPLENDID PROSPECTS FOR
THE NICARAGUA CANAL
Senator Harris Believes Bill Will Be Rushed
Through Congress.
Dr. Herman Biggs, bacteriologist of
the Board of Health, said to-day: "There
have been eighty-nine deaths from hy
drophobia during the last year. This
number is far out of proportion to other
years. Usually we have two or three
deaths annually from the disease. The
city plans to rive gratis preventive
treatment to victims of dogs believed to
have rabies."
There will be a special laboratory in
"Wlllard Park Hospital. . President Mur
phy said he believed the deaths from
hydrophobia were due In many cases to
the fact that many persons were unable
to or did not care to pay for a preventive
system of treatment at a private hospi
tal. It Is planned that the Pasteur
treatment by the city shall be free to
all residents of Greater New York.
ease. He believed that there eorjlrt h«»
no more useful work for experts em
ployed by the department than the study
and treatment of patients afflicted with
rabies. As a precautionary measure h«
desired it made public that any person
bitten should have the wound eauterlzel
at once and then notify the Board of
Health.
conclusion that the Consul's representa
tions will be more effective it he is sup
ported morally by the presence in Mo
roccan waters of a United States warship,
and it is probable that he will make his
visit to Fez to again present the case as
a passenger on a vessel to be selected by
the War Department for that purpose.
NEW YORK. Nov. ;2.-Hydjophobia
has reaped so large a harvest of human
lives In this city during the last year
that the Board of Health will take dras
tic measures to stamp it out. The Pas
teur treatment will be given out without
charge to sufferers from dog bites. Ex
perts will apply all their skill to quell
the evil. • *
Dr. John B. Cosby. Commissioner on the
Roard.of Health, this morning gave out
this statement:
"The Department of Health deslrea to
call the attention of physicians and others
to the occurrence of the number of cases
of rabies among dogs throughout the
city, aod would request that wherever
persons are bitten by strange dogs or
stray dogs they Immediately consult a
physician and have their wounds cauter
ized, and then If there is any question as
to the existence of rabies in the animal
communicate at once with the Depart
ment of Health."
President Murphy said, to-day that the
Board of Health' at an executive session
recently decided to take under its con
trol the suppression of this class of dls-
INCREASE OF DEATHS
FROM HYDROPHOBIA
Health Authorities of Greater New York
Adopt Most Drastic Measures.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Parliament will assemble December 3 to
vote the expenses of the war In South
Africa, which are now expected to amount
to fully £100,WX),000. Before Christmas an
adjournment will be taken until the end
of January. .'.»'*.
"Smith-Dorrien's wounded, who re
turned from the Boer camp, report that
Commandant Prinsloe and General Foude
were killed and General Grobelar was
wounded In the recent . fighting."
General Buller, accompanied by his wife
and daujhter, arrived here to-day and re
ported to the War Office. Large crowds,
which had assembled at the Waterloo
station and In Pall Mall, cheered the gen
eral.
eral non-commissioned officers behaved
with gallantry, but the Hussars would
have probably suffered severely, as they
got into Boer ground, had they not been
supported by the mounted infantry. Dur
ing the morning the artillery and lnfantrv
Joined Chetwode's force and complete-!
the Boer rout. They are said to have lost
heavily.
"Lyttleton reports that Kitchener suc
cessfully surprised the Boers during the
night of November 7. A mounted party
of the Nineteenth Hussars and the Man
chester Mounted Infantry, under Captain
Chetwode, managed to pass the Boer out
pest, and while the latter engaged the
enemy's picket, the Hussars surprised the
Boers, sabering many. Chetwode and sev-
**Kdly-Keany reports that Major Mac
intosh of the Sf-aforth Highlanders occu
pied Philippolis November 8. The Boer«
fled in all directions. Three wounded were
brought to our hospital. Surgeon Hart
ley and seven men were wounded.
"JOHANNESBURG, Nov. lO.-Methuen
Furprised Commandants Snyman and Ver
tna^s near LIchtc-nburg yesterday. Three
dead Bor>rs were found and thirty pris
oner? and Feveral wagon? were captured.
There were no casualties among the Brit
ish.
LONDON. Nov. 12-The War Office has
received the following dispatch from
Lord Roberts:
BRITISH ARE VICTORS
IN MINOR ENGAGEMENTS
Lord Roberts Reports Repulses of Detached
Bodies of Boers. '
Only one person, the watchman, was
awake when the fire started, and he was
unable to warn the guests, for the flames
had spread so fast 'that he was driven
from the building. Escape for every one
on the second and third stories "was cut
off, and the Fire Departfnent was unable
to give them any assistance. Here the
deaths occurred, and in Jumping from the
windows the others were hurt. There
were many acts of heroism in the rescue
of , women and a number of guest had .very
of women and a number of guests had
ver.y narrow escapes, several having their
hair and eyebrows singed. It will be sev
eral days before the number of dead is
known. : "-'..L.
FEARED ANOTHER CRAFT
MAY HAVE BEEN LOST,
YARMOUTH. N. S., Nov. 12.— The ma
hogany stern nameboard of a longboat
has been picked • up on ' the coast at Co
meaus Hill, near here, bearing the name
"Picqua," ; and it is feared* that another
craft besides the City of Montteello may
have met .with disaster. • ••" • . '
The Jonly vessel named Picqua known
here Is a steamer owned by the.Mediter
ranean and New York Steamship Com
pany. According to shipping records, this
steamer sailed from Sicily. October 9 for
New -York. ¦ : ;*-"';.' vv .vi'i i V.\' :
About a dozen more were slightly burned
or received bruises in trying to escape
from the building.
Etta Hargrove. Poplar Bluff, both legs
broken. Internally Injured by Jumping
from third-story window; Winslow Stowe.
Tennessee; unidentified woman. . .
Seriously injured: R. A. Smith, Poplar
Bluff, terribly burned about the face and
hands; Barney Pernaud, . De Soto, Mo.,
hands and face burned; Charles Stradley,
Poplar Bluff, bruised and 'burned;' Mrs.
Benjamin- Shelby, Poplar Bluff, back In
jured, burned and bruised; Pink Berry,
Elmer Freshear, James Upchurch, Poplar
Bluff, severely burned.
Fatally injured:
. Four are known to be dead, one Is miss
ing, three are fatally Injured and more
than twenty are burned or otherwise hurt.
In the halls of the hotel a dozen or more
persons were overcome by heat and smoke
and this leads to the belief that the loss
of life will be much greater than is 'now
known. There was a number of unregis
terf" guests at ttie place.
The casualties so far reported are as
follows. Dead:
CURLY BERRY, Poplar Bluff.
HECK CLARK. St. Louis.
SHELBY D. HART, Poplar Bluff.
REBECCA -OWENS, • Poplar Bluff.
Missing: Eugene Dalton, Hot Springs,
Arkansas.
POPLAR BLUFF, Mo., Nov. 12.—
Hemmed in by flames in the upper stories
of the Gifford House, an old frame struc
ture that burned like tinder, a number of
persons were burned or suffocated to
death; others leaped from windows and
suffered the loss of limbs and other in
juries, from which some died, and only a
few of the forty-five sleeping guests got
out without injury, and none saved any
thing but the night clothes that were worn
at 12:30, when the alarm was given.
Guests Hemmed in
by the Greedy
Flames.
VICTIMS OF
HOTEL FIRE
Another possibility of friction lies in the
reported efforts of Belgium, Denmark,
Holland and Spain to. take part In the ne
gotiations. This might be allowed in the
case of Belgium, the subjects of which
Government obtained an important rail
road concession from China,, but it is not
seen how tho interests of the others are
affected in such special manner as to call
The President and Secretary Hay are
awaiting anxiously the result of the de
liberations of the Ministers at Peking.
Minister Conger wired that another meet
ing would occur on November 11, but no
advices were received from him, and it Is
presumed that It occurred to-day. It, is
evident, however, that the authorities are
not very much pleased over the develop
ments of the past few days.
Secretary Hay is very much irritated
over reports which have been put out
from Peking showing that the Ministers
are determined to punish' a great many
influential Chinese whom they find re
sponsible for the recent outrages and in
dicating that the Indemnity to be demand
ed will reach $600,000,000. The Secretary Is
extremely anxious to induce the powers
to submit demands which will be accept
able to China, and he does not see how
this will be possible if the Ministers insist
upon the decapitation of all the influential
men and the payment of an' Indemnity
which Is clearly impossible. The officials
are of the opinion that examples should
be made of those conspicuously guilty and
that the amount of indemnity should cer
tainly be not more than $200,000,000, and
much less if possible. It is pointed out
that if all the influential men are sen
tenced to be beheaded, they will, as a
measure of self-defense, inaugurate a re
sistance which will necessitate further
military operations, the end of which no
one can foresee.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.—Lieuten
ant General Miles, acting Secretary of
War, was advised to-day of the depar
ture for Manila of the last of American
troops under orders to leave China. The
American force now under General Chaf
fee's command consists of one regiment
of Infantry, the Fourteenth; one squad
ron of the Sixth Cavalry and Battery F
of the Fifth Artillery. The troops that
sailed to-day comprised one battalion of
Infantry, one squadron of cavalry and one
battery of artillery. The United States is
therefore in the position of having with
drawn its troops after the necessity for
their presence had passed. At' the same
time the protection of American interests
and the American legation is assured by
the maintenance of a legation guard of
1900 men. Minister Wu Is anxious that
this force shall be still further reduced,
and Secretary Hay haa announced his
willingness to comply with his wishes pro
vided other nations shall withdraw. But
there is no disposition on the part of any
of the European governments or. Japan to
reduce their forces even to the extent the
United States has done, each being exces
sively suspicious of the purposes of the
others and desirous of losing no advan
tage which may be of Importance In case
of partition.
New Complication
Caused by the.
Ministers.
MORE WORRY
OVER CHINA
[1 LONDON,* Nov. 12.— It Is -officially an
nounced * that ; the Prince : and Princess of
Wales intend: to visit Belfast next" April.
Will Visit Ireland.
Eleven. Princes and Officials Selected
for the Death Penalty.
LONDON.' Nov. 13.-Dr. Morrison.wiring
to the Times from Peking Sunday, rays:
"Pressed by the common desire for a
speedy termination of present conditions,
the foreign envoys have finally agreed to
the following, terms, to be presented In a
conjoint note which, subject to the ap
proval of their Governments, will be
pressed upon Ghlnaas the basis of a pre
liminary treaty:
"China shall erect a monument to Ba-,
ron von Ketteler on the site where he
was murdered and send an imperial" prince
to. Germany to convey an apology. She
shall Inflict the death penalty upon eleven
princes, and officials already named and
suspend provincial examinations for five
years whence the outrages occurred. In
future air officials failing to pre%'ent ahti
foreign outrages. within their jurisdiction
shall be dismissed and punished. (This
is. a modification of Mr. Conger's pro
posal.) ¦ ¦ ' -" - ¦
" "Indemnity shall be paid to. the 8tates,
corporations and individuals. The Tsung-
Ll-Yamen shall be abolished and Its func
tions vested In a Foreign Minister. Ra
tional intercourse shall be permitted with
the Emperor, as In civilized countries.
"The forts at Taku and other forts on
the coast of Chill shall be razed and the
importation *of arms and 'war material
prohibited. Permanent legation guards
shall be- maintained and also.guards of
communication between Peking and the
sea.
"Imperial proclamations shall be posted
for two years throughout the empire, sup
pressing the Boxers. •
"The indemnity is to include compensa
tion for .Chinese who suffered through be
ing employed by foreigners; 'but not com
pensation for .native Christians. ' The
words 'missionary' and 'Christians' do not
occur In the note." '¦ .-
Commenting upon what it calls "Mr.
Conger's excellent suggestion for the dis
missal of officials permitting antl-forelgh
outrages," the Times remarks that "this
is the only considerable addition to the
terms which the ministers . proposed to
submit to China last month."
It says that "American sense of justice
and humanity is too strong' and American
Intelligence' too. keen "to be deluded, by
the pitiful Chinese appeal against the ex
cutlon of the Paoting-Fu officials."
"Great. Britain' has made a courteous
protest to Russia." \ says the St. Peters
burg correspondent of , the Daily Mall,
"against a few regrettable incidents in
China where ; Russians > have opposed the
hoisting of the -British fla«." -
DEMANDS, OF THE MINISTERS.
for their participation in the negotiations.
BERLIN, Nov. ll-The following re
port, dated .November. 8, ; has been received
here from P^Jeld Marshal Count von-Wal
dersee: - .: ...;,.,.. .--. „ ..:¦—>,'.
, "Major Graham, with two companies of
the First East: Asiatic Infantry, the sec
ond squadron and second battery, pro
ceeded from Tientsin, via Chung Ting,
sixty kilometers north, on the left bank
of the Peiho, whore he had a slight en
counter with -mounted Boxers, and has
arrived at Tungpa, twelve kilometers
east of Peking. Russian troops have suc
cessfully encountered G0O0 Boxers north of
Shanhaikwan, losing four killed and six
ty-one wounded. The British columns
have returned from Paotlng-Fu to Peking
and Tientsin. The latter column destroy
ed several Boxer camps."
civility la highly appreciated both by the Presi
dent and myself, and that you will accept for
yourself our very best thanks for your friendly
sentiments.
The President was also gratlSed to receive a
cordial message from President Loubet, of
which I Inclose a copy, together with a copy
of President McKlnl«y« reply. JOHN HAT.
The congratulations of President Loubet
were made public last week. The Presi
dent's reply was as follows:
NOVEMBER ».— Exnlle Loubet. President of
the. French Republic. Paris: Tour message of
congratulation Is most gratifying to me. 1
trust that during my renewed administration.
aa In the past. I may fortunately continue to
give earnest expression of the sincere regard
of th« American jwople for th» French nation.
WILLIAM McKIKUPT.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY
REPLIES TO LOUBET
I^-a had been a trusted employe of the
institution for over twenty-two years and
his failure to return upon the date set
raused little concern among: the bank of
ficials, but as the days rolled on without
tidings from the missing bookkeeper, they
commenced an investigation of his bank
affairs.
If was discovered that the account of
Connor & Brady was wrong and experts
were' put to work. It Is charged that
raise entries aggregating J56/XK) had been
made fcy the bookkeeper In the accounts
of this firm, extending over a period of
NASHVILLE, Tenn., Nov. 12.— The ar
rest of T. P. Brady upon a Federal war
rant sworn out by F. O. Watts, cashier of
the First National Bank, has caused a
sensation here. The firm of Connor &
Brady, composed of J. H. Connor and T.
P. Hrady. wholesale grocers and liquor
dealers, made an assignment to-day and
the ancst of Brady followed. In this
connection the disappearance last July of
W. \V. Lea. an individual bookkeeper of
the First National Bank, is explained.
The- two are charged with collusion In
defrauding the bank out of $44,000. Book
keeper Lea left on his vacation July 15
last and at the expiration of his two
weeks' rest failed to return to his desk.
The bank officials held a consultation
with Connor & Brady. It Is stated that
Brady acknowledged the crooked trans
actions, taking all the lesponsiblllty upon
himself, stating that he had put the
money Into the firm's business, with the
exception of a small amount, which he
said he used as an individual.
By operating this scheme it Is allege!
that the two men drew from the bank
$56,000 in cash, but through the system of
entries had paid back, through the flrm'3
account, the sum of $12,000, leaving a net
shortage to the bank ol $44,000.
The bookkeeper would, upon a certain
date, make an entry through which thy
bank would be. defrauded of a certain sum
of money, and later on make such entries,
always through the accounts of the firm
as would reduce the shortage.
five years; that over $23,000 of this amount
had been fraudulently obtained since May
1, 1&9S. up to the date of Lea's departure,
and that the work was carried on by Lea
by increasing the amounts of the firm's
deposits on the journals of the institution
and decreasing the amount of the checks
drawn by the firm against the bank, fol
lowing this transaction with false exten
sion balances.
HAD A CLEVER PLAN
TO DEFRAUD A BANK
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXTIH-XO. 166.
NEW YORK. Nov. IT. -Throughout the
country there are unmiFtakable mani
festations of confidence of the burial of
Bryanite heresies under the ballots of
3aft Tuesday's okction. Trading of un
j reordented magnitude has mark-d the
business of Wall street with a rush of
buying orders, taxing: the capacity of
brokerage' houses "ahd~bf a nature to in
dicate widespread public trust In the pros
perity to come, a.nd no mere Fpirit ol
Famb'.lng.
Meanwhile this buoyancy of the market
has been no less noteworthy, and millions
upo:i million* have been added to the
values of stocks in the quotations re
corded.
In keeping with the activity in Wail
WASHINGTON, Nor. 12.— The French
Government, through President Loubet
and also through the Minister of Foreign
Affairs, M. Delcasse, has forwarded
formal congratulations to President Mc-
ICfnley on his re-election. The message
from the Minister of Foreign Affairs came
through M. Thiebaut, the French Charge
d' Affaires here, who conveyed it to Secre
tary Hay. To this Mr. Hay has made the
following reply:
NOV. 10, 1900.— My Dear Mr. Charge: I have
received your kind and courteous note of the
7th lnst., conveying an expression of the grati
fication with which Mr. Delcasse learned of
the re-election of President McKInley.
I beg you will assure hla Excellency that his
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.CHICAGO. No. 12. — The Chronicle to
morrow will say:
"Which. Controls th« Majority
of the Output
More Than Doubled by Company
ADVA2TCE IN PRICE
• OP COMMON TABLE SALT
A dissenting opinion was delivered by
Justice Shlras and concurred In by Jus
tices Gray and Peckham.
"The primary use of the waters and the
lands urjler them," says the opinion, "la
for purposes of navigation, and the erec
tion of piers In them to Improve naviga
tion for, the public ia entirely consistent
with such use and Infringes no light ef
the riparian owner."
cess to the navigable part of such river
whenever such right ceases to be of value
solely In consequence of the Improvement
of navigation by piers that rest upon
submerged lands away from the shore
line.
wt,.! te £ m £r Lucania was Captain R.
J. w* • N - who * or twenty-three years
has been port warden of Glasgow. He is
on his way to Buffalo to study the Amer
ican system of handling ores and grain"
with a view of introducing the same sys
tem in Glasgow. He said: "Glasgow
hopes to become enual to Liverpool us
regards shipping. Within two or three
years the revenues of Glasgow for wharf
age have Increased from £200.000 a year to
£475^00. The shipyards of the Clyde hav"
not been affected by the building of lare?
yards in Ireland. France and Geimany
The demand for tonnage of enormous
sizes and the greater number of ships re
quired for the present active market hav*
given Glasgow great prestige. She is to
day putting out more than five-eighths of
the total ships built in the United King
dom."
Joseph Lelter of Chicago was also a
passenger on the Lucania. He weni
abroad a short time ago. "We never pro
duced in this country so much raw ma
terial as now," Mr. Lelter said, "or turned
out the finished product as cheap. In
no great time America will t>e supplying
the markets of the whola world."
Defense of McAlister.
Walter C. McAllster. indicted at Pater
son for the murder of Jennie Bosschieter.
has been visited by hla father. James ilc-
Alister, in the jail, and as a result of a
long conference the father says he Is pre
pared to spend his last dollar If neces
sary In defense of his son. It ia lilceh
that Insanity will be the plea, as It fa
alleged that some years ago Walter suf
fered Impairment of the reasoning facul
ties. He was treated by an expert in New
York. An effort will be made to have
this expert attend the trial.
A reporter who gave the name ot
Thompson succeeded In having htmaelf
sentenced to a term of ten days In thb
Paterson Jail, his object being to join the
prisoners and secure a" "beat" for his pa
per. He did not learn until he got ini .
a cell that prisoners under sentence have
no opportunity to mingle with thooe
awaiting trial. After serving three day*
in Jail ne managed to get released anu
left for New York.
Calif orniana at Gotham.
The following Callfornlans are In New
York: From San Francisco—Mrs. Ballou.
at the Holland: J. F. Cleary. at tho
Astor: M. D. Davlson. at the Cadillac; J.
Fortt and wife, at the Broadway Central;
A. C. Freeman, at the Grand Union;
Misses E. Gorman, J. J. Gottlob and J.
Gottlob. at the Ger»ld; B. Hayden. at
the Manhattan: W. Huntington. at th»
Everett: Mrs. E. "W. Joy. at the Gerard;
D. W. Moses, at the Criterion: J. F. Nu
gent, at the Astor; A. W. Scott and wife,
at the Holland; T. P. Watson, at * the
Astor: A. W. Wilson, at the Imperial: G.
J.. Ives, at the- Hoffman: G. W. Shorten,
at the Cadillac. From Los Angeles — H. T.
Durant, at the Everett; W. C. McQuellen.
at rhe Continental; F. B. Sturge, at the
Astor. From San Jose— Miss L\ Bethel,
at the St. Denis; F. A. McFarland, at the
Bartholdl.
?
Directors to Meet at New York To-
Day and Elect a Successor to
the Late Collis P. Huntington.
NEW PRESIDENT
FOR PACIFIC MAIL
NETV YORK, Nov. 12.— A meet
ing of the directors of the
Pacific Mall Company Is to be
held to-morrow, at which It is
likely that a president will be
elected to succeed the late C. P. Hunt-
Ington. It was stated oh good authority
that the' nominee, if agreeo. upon to-mor
row, will be named by the Southern Pa
cific Interests. It was further ascertained
that the recent extraordinary buying on
the Stock Exchange of Pacific. Mall
shares was made for the Southern Pa
cific, and that this company now controls
an absolute majority of the outstanding
stock of $2O,0OO.00Oa.
Sir Charles Rivers Wilson, president of
the Grand Trunk Railway, who reached
this city from England last Saturday.
Bays that the main object of his visit
Is to secure a general manager for the
Grand Trunk in place of Charles M. Hays,
who resigned to become president of the
Southern Pacific. President Wilson said:
"We have not decided to whom we shall
offer the position, but it will go to an
experienced Amercian railway man."
To Dissolve Voting Trust.
It was announced by the firm of J. P.
Morgan & Co. this afternoon that the
voting trust of the Northern Pacific Rail
road Company will dissolve on January 1,
19)1. The trust was formed on September
1, 1S96, at the time it became necessary to
reorganize the company. The voting trus
tees are J. P. Morgan; George Siemans,
August Belmont. Johnston Livingston ajid
Charles Lanier. At the office of J. P.
Morgan & Co. It was said that the North
ern Pacific property is nowsin such shape
that the conditions making a vote trust
desirable have passed away.
Gaynor Conspiracy Case. .
Hearing in the Gaynor conspiracy casa
was continued to-day before United States
Commissioner Shields. W. H. Flagg, for
merly of the firm of Reid & Flagg, stock
brokers, through whom Robert F. West
cott is said to have had certain stock
transactions in connection with his Bon-
In-law, Captain Oberlln M. Carter, was
the first witness. Mr. Flagg denied prac
tically all the statements made by West
cott In his examination concerning the
transactions. D. Sanford Ross, a con
tractor of Newark, N. J., who said ho
knew Captain Carter very well and ha'l
during the past few years done much con
tract work in the Savannah harbor, was
called. Mr. Ross said that he bid on a
contract let August, 18S4. He also bid on
other contracts in later years, all 'of
which were let to the Gaynor Company.
He identified several contracts and de
clared that all bids put In by him were
bona fide and that there was no collusion
or conspiracy between himself and Wil
liam T. or John F. Gaynor.
Increase in Trade.
Among the passengers who arrived on
"The vital question Is whether the In
hibition upon the taking of private prop
erty for public use without Just com
pensation is applicable. Of course, every
part, of the constitution^ as binding upon
Congress as upon the people. The guaran
tees, prescribed by It for the security of
private property must be respected by all.
But whether navigation upon waters over
which Congress may exert Its authority
requires' Improvement at all, or improve
ments in a particular way. are matters
wholly within Us jurisdiction, and the Ju
diciary Is without power to control or de
feat the will of Congress so long as that
branch of the Government does not trans
cend the limits established by the su
preme law of the land."
The opinion held that the broad power
with which Congress is Invested la not
burdened with the condition that a ripa
rian owner, whose land borders upon a
navigable water of the United States
shall be compensated for his right of ac-
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12.-In the United
States Supreme • Court Justice Harlan
rendered the opinion of the court in the
case of Gilmore 8. Scranton vs. Eben 8,
Wheeler, coming to the court on a writ
of error from the Supreme Court of the
State of Michigan. The case involves the
riparian rights ef owners on navigable
streams to damages for the loss of ac
cessibility to such streams caused by
the Government 'improvements made lor
the purpose of improving navigation. A
pier erected at St. . Marys Falls. Michi
gan, cut" oil Scranton's access to the rtver.
The Michigan court decided against
Scranton and to-day's opinion confirmed
that decision. In delivering: the opinion
Justice Harlan said:
preme Court.
by Justice Harlan in the Su-
Interesting Opinion , Handed Sown
PRIVILEGES OF OWNERS
OF RIPARIAN RIGHTS
NEW- YORK, Nov. 12.-Henry
Villard, the financier, died ear
ly this morning at hts summer
home, Thornwood Park, near
Dobbs Ferry. The cause of
death of apoplexy, from which "he had
been a sufferer for several -weeks. A week
ago he contracted a severe cold, which
hastened the end. Mr. Villard had been
unconscious nearly all the time since last
Tuesday. When death came there were
gathered around the bed Mr. Villard's
wife, who was a daughter of William L.
Garrison; his sons, Oswald G., Harold G..
with his wife; Mrs. William L. Garrison
of Boston, his sister-in-law, and Mr. Vll
lard's only daughter, Mrs. James W. Bell
of Dresden, Germany. In addition to the
family Mr. Villard leaves, a sister, Mr*.
Emma von Xylander, wife -of General
Robert von Xylander of the Bavarian
army. Mr. Villard had resided in Dobbs
Ferry during the summer months for the
past eighteen years.
, It has been arranged ti.at the funeral
will- take place from the residence on
Wednesday afternoon, 'i he services will
be conducted by the Rev. Theodore C.
Williams of Tarrvtown. The interment
will be in the family plat in Sleepy Hol
low Cemetery, where repose the remains
of his youngest son, Hilgard, who died
when 5 years old, and who drove the
golden spike completing the Northern Pa
cific Railroad," of which his father was
president.
Thornwood, the name of Mr. Villard's
country home at Dobbs Ferry, Is a mas
sive and handsome villa of stone and
brick, surrounded with spacious verandas.
As soon as Mr. Villard's death became
known the messages of sympathy began
to arrive.
Henry Villard was born In Speyer.
Rheinish Bavaria, on April 11, 1835.- His
great uncle, Theodore, famer of Julius
Hllgard, who became superintendent oZ
the United States Coast Survey, led a
migration of the family connection to
Belleville. 111., in 1835. His \father, Gus
tav, was in the judicial service of the Ba
varian Government and died as Judge of
the Supreme Court at Munich. ,
Young Villard was educated at schools
in Zweibrucken, Phalsbourg and Speyer,
but in October, 1S53. brok'e off his uirfver
sity studies and set out for the United
States, Intending to join the colony of his
relatives at Belleville.
Arriving at Belleville, he became a
newspaper reporter and continued in the
profession until ,1868. During these years
he served as a legislative correspondent
in Indiana and Illinois, as a political re
porter, representing the Lincoln-Douglas
debates, the Chicago convention' which
nominated Lincoln, the Lincoln campaigr
and later as a -war corresnondent an-1
European correspondent. Early In 1&S1
Mr. Villard acquired the New York Even-
Ing Post and the Nation.
In January, 1866, In Boston, he married
Fannie, the only daughter of William
Lloyd Garrison. In 1868 he was chosen
cecretary of the newly founded American
Social Science Association, having its
headquarters In that city, and did not
finally relinquish the post until 1871.
It was in the latter year that. whl!e
on a visit to -Europe, Mr. Villard began
his railroad career. He formed a connec
tion with Frankfort and Berlin bankers,
and in 1873 returned to the United States,
buying for the German bondholders the
property of the Oregon and California
Railroad Company and the Oregon Steam
ship Company, being made president in.
1875. He acted as one of the receivers of
the Kansas Pacific Railroad Company,
and later bought up the bonds of the
road. He later became interested In the
Oregon Steam Navigation Company and
the Oregon Railway and Navigation Com
pany, of which he became president, aii-'
then formed the Oregon* and Transcon
tinental, with which he merged the two
other companies In a so-called blind pool
with the Northern Pacific, being chosen
president of the latter company. .
A few . years later the companies in
which he was Interested became so in
volved that there was a collapse. In whlc'i
he suffered very heavily. Returning to
Germany, he formed new financial rela
tions which enabled nim to repair his for
tune, and coming back to this country, he
started In once more ts a capitalist. In
1890 he purchased from Thomas A. Edi
son his electrical manufacturing interest.*,
and with the Edison Lamp Company of
Newark, N. J., and the Edison worka of
Schenectady N. Y., as a basis, organized
the Edison General Electric Company; of
which he became prealdednt. serving in
that capacity for about two years. In Oc
tober, 1889, he became chairman of the
Northern Pacific board of directors, but
the panic of 1893 again occasioned the loi«s
of most of his fortune and led to his
'withdrawal from railway management.
HENRY VILLARD, FINANCIER
AND RAILROAD BUILDER,
DEAD OF APOPLEXY.
¦ The four . wives propose • to run ¦¦ Birt to
earth, and a description of. him will' be
sent/brpadcast through the Pacific- Coast
States, where lie Is believed to be in hid
ing..; ; -
Mrs. Birt number four alleges that she
was deserted at Eureka. Cal. It haa de
veloped In connection with Birt's numer
ous ¦ marital conquests .that he has inva
riably, married- women with property in
terests. These interests he has diverted
to his own use, after which his confiding
victims- were abandoned.
The intelligence of Birt's latest escapade
comes in a letter from a Mrs. Birt, who
writes under the "date of ' San Francisco,
making earnest Inquiries as to Birt's
present whereabouts. The letter was ad
dressed to Mt$. Ada L. Jobin of Tipton,
who claims to have uncontrovertlble evi
dence that she is wife number three*
/LA PORTE, Ind.. Nov. 12.— H. N. Birt,
who recently disappeared from Tipton,
this State, with a record of having mar
ried four wives without the formality of
a diyorce'from any one of the quartet, re
cently turned up at Eureka, Cal., where!
according to advices received by the Tip
ton" authorities, he has just abandoned
wife number, four, though the exact num
ber of women Blrt has succeeded in de
ceiving is not known to the police.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTICELLO'S VICTIMS
NUMBER THIRTY-FOUR
Body Supposed to Be That of Captain
Harding Proves to Be First
Officer Newell's.
HALIFAX. N. S.. Nov. 12— Two more
bwiirs from the Monticello, found at
fhebeg-ue Point, are those of Purser Hil
ton and Bagpapemaster Wilson. The
body found at IMnkney's Point and sup
l»o«:ed yesterday to be Captain Karding's.
was First Officer Newell'fi. Captain
Harding's body has not yet been found.
Af= far as ran be ascertained the total
number of lives lost Is thirty-four.
Another victim, whose nam« has not yet
r>een published, is Samuel Durrette ot
Yarmouth, who leaves a wife and family.
. Arrangements for the funerals are now
beingr made, and they will probably be
held to-morow. Great quantities of'mls
cfllaneouH articles. composing the
steamer's cargo and fittings, were cast
upon the beach and were looted bv the
crowds that scoured the shore.
ALICE NEILSON'S STAGE
NAME IS LEGALIZED
Action Taken by the Opera Singer
to Avoid Confusion in Sign
ing Contracts.
KANSAS CITY. Nov. 12.— Alice Nollson.
the opera sinper. known in private life
as Arfice Nentwfg. was to-day in the Cir
cuit Court here granted her petition to
take her maiden name of Neilson. She
asked that her stage name be legalized
to prevent confusion in signing contracts.
Two years a*o she was divorced - from
Professor Be-njamin Nentwlg, a Kansas
City musician.
All Allege That He-Married
and Then Deserted
Them.
BIRT CLAIMED
BY FOUR WOMEN
Minister • Malo Injured.
CARACAS. Nov. 12.-Cabraro Male. Min
ister o.f the Interior, was fired upon by a
man to-day, receiving a slight wound.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12.— General Mac-
Arthur's latest death list from. Manila Is
as follows:
Dysentery, November 7, Company M,
Forty-ninth Infantry. Everett S. Wiley;
October 7. Company D, Fortieth Infantry,
Andrew Scott: Company L., 1 Nineteenth
Infantry, J. Edward McCarthy; Novem
ber 3, Troop K, Fourth Cavalry, Guy A.
Re; Company" A, Twenty-eighth Infantry,
Corporal Edward Fitzgerald; November 6,
Company K, Twenty-Hrst Infantry,
Raphael Gagnus; Company H. Seven
teenth .Infantry, Charles L. Ladenman;
November 2, Company D, Thirtieth In
fantry, Williarrr Crueger; Company: M,
Thirtieth Infantry, Artificer Walter D.
Green; October 6, Company C, - Twenty
ninth Infantry, Charles Wilson; Novem
ber 8, Company M, Twenty-fifth Infantry,
Alfred Barris; October 20, Company K,
Twenty-fifth Infantry, William 1 Sites; Oc
tober 25, Company L, Eighteenth Infan
try,'Leonard Frey; Company I. Forty-sev
enth Infantry, Conway O. Bullman. .. /
All other causes: November 7, Troop E,
Eleventh Cavalry. William Hall; Novem
ber 4, Company I, Forty-second Infantry,
Sergeant K. Williams; November 7. Com
pany E, Forty-fifth Infantry, Edward
Putter; November 5, Company E, Lewis
Talmadge; November 1, Battery F,
Fourth Artillery, James L. Leighton; No
vember 4, Company C, Thirty-sixth In
fahtry« Corporal Asa C. Hilton; November
2. band. Thirteenth Infantry, Corporal Fe
llp Franz; November 4, Company A, For
ty-ninth Infantry. Amos Reid; October 10,
Company I. Twenty-fourth Infantry, Cor
poral Charles Henry; September 25, Com
pany I, Forty-ninth Infantry. Lewis Hor
ton; November 3, Company K, . Forty-fifth
Infantry*. William H. Mclntyre;" Novem
ber 8, Company K, Forty-second Infan
try. Edward P. Biller: November 4, Com
pany E, Fourth Infantry, Edward E.
Davis. '.
General Mac Arthur Cables a Long
List of Recent Deaths in
the Islands.
VICTIMS OF DISEASE
IN THE PHILIPPINES
ARGUMENT POSTPONED .
IN POBTO RICO CASE
Attorney General Grig-gs Wishes
First to Have Other Matters
j Argued.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.— The United
States Supreme Court postponed the argu
ment In what are known as the Porto
Rico and Philippine cases until December
17. The postponement was made at thtj
instance, of Attorney General Griggs and
the object is to have other cases now
pending In the United States Circuit
courts argued before. the Supreme Court
together with these two cases. In their
broader significance these cases involve
the question whether Porto Rico and the
Philippines are part of the United State3
and as such are entitled to free commer
cial intercourse with it/
A, C. Andrews, vice president of the
Grayson County Bank of Sherman," was
probably fatally injured. Express Mes
senger Reeper, Engineer Charles Young,
Brakeman Edward Bingham and Conduc
tor Caruthers were seriously injured.
¦ — ¦ — : — ' --./-a:
Scandal in Greek Navy.
I ATHENS, Nov. 12.— A great scandal
has been caused in the Greek navy by
the detection of- the officers of a war
ship from Crete in the act of landing
smuggled ' goods In a 'deserted part of
pieraeus, the port of Athens-
Fireman Weaver Is Killed and Five
Persons Are Injured, One
Fatally.
DALLAS. -Tex., Nov. 12.— Two passenger
trains collided on a curve on the Missouri;
Kansas and Texas Railway between Sher
man and Dennison. D. H* Weaver, fire
man, was killed. ,
Claim They Could Not Eat Rations
Served Them on British
Transports.
LONDON, Nov. 12.— American cowboy.'
and muleteers to the number of 140,- who
went to South Africa on British team
transports, arrived In London Sunday.
They are loud -in their denunciation of
their treatment on the home journey and
intend to complain to the Board of Trade
They declare the rations served had to
1>e thrown overboard, that they would
have starved had they not paid exor
bitant rates for extra rations and that
they were berthed over horsestalls. wher^
the heat and odor were unbearable.
PASSENGER TRAINS
COLLIDE IN TEXAS
AMERICAN COWBOYS >-^
LOUD IN PROTESTS
Decides That the Document Is Legal
and May Be Admitted to
Probate.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— In a decision
handed down to-day Surrogate FitzgeralJ
dismisses the contest to the probate of the
will of Robert Bonner. the" publisher, and
admits the will to probate.
Mr. Bonner died July 6, 1899. In a will
dated June 26, 1899. after making several
important bequests, Mr. Bonner divided
the residue of his estate into 'four parts
leaving one portion each to his three
children, Robert F. Bonner. Frederick
Bonner and Mrs. Emma Forbes. The
fourth share was left to the»mlnor chil
dren of the testator's dead son, Andrew
Allen Bonner.
The contest was waged by. Mrs. Andrew
Allen Bonner, widow of the testator's de
ceased son. on behalf of her two chil
dren. Robert A. Bonner and Lawrence K.
Bonner. The contestant alleged that the
instrument propounded as the last will
and testament of Robert Bonner, de
ceased, is not his last will and should not
be admitted to probate, because he was
not acting as a free agent in executing it
and that he was subject to undue in
fluence.' .
SURB0GATE DISMISSES
BONNEB WILL CONTEST
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12— The annual
report of Treasurer Ellis H. Roberts on
the operations and conditions of the tfeas
ury was submitted td Secretary Gage lo
day. Mr. Roberts says the growth and
prosperity of the country and- the gen
eral activity of business are reflected In
the transactions of .his office. The net or
dinary revenues of the Government for
the fiscal year were S367.240.&52. the largest
in the history of the country, excepting
those of 1S66. the next highest, by $47 -
291.2S8. The Increase of J51.2S0.232 over tht,
preceding year was contributed from ail
the general sources, but chiefly from cus
toms and Internal revenues. On the side
of the expenditures there was a net in
crease of $117,358.3*8 in comparison with
1W. so that the deficiency of $89,111,560 for
that year was converted into a surplus of
$79,527,060 in 1900. The gross receipts un
der warrant, including those on account
of the public debt we/e 11.387,299.262, and
the disbursements $1,195,943,472, a large in
crease on both sides over. the previous
year.
With the exception of July. 1S99, when
there was a deficiency of $S,o06,832. a sur
plus was realized for every .month of the
year, the one for June being the largest
at $17,895,159. The largest receipts for a
single day were $5,199,514, February 26
1900, and the largest expenditures $4 803 -
000, July 3, 1900. The largest surplus on
any one day was $4,047,396. August 29. and
the largest deficiency, $2,318,621, July 5
Ellis H. Roberts Files Re
port With Secretary
Gage.
CONDITION OF
THE TREASURY
The Republican is in a position to say,
however, that Colonel Baird's letter con
tained positive instructions for him to be-
Kin suits at once to set aside every sale,
grant, franchise or lease made by Hawaii
Fince September 2«. 1K*». It is also in po-
Fiti<m to state nhsolutely that the instruc
tions to Mr. Baird were very imperative,
leaving him no discretion in the matter.
Attorney General GrigRR believes that the
granting of lands and franchises in Ha
waii by the Territory officials previous to
the organization of the Territory Is ille
gal, lie demands that the Territorial
Government be instructed to at once fur
riish a complete list of every piece of land
Fold, leased or granted and every water
franchise 'eased, sold or given away, to the
United States Attorney in order that suit
may bo instituted to set aside each and
t very one of such transfers.
United States District Attorney Baird
admitted that he fiad received a~ letter
trom Attorney General Griggs upon the
subject, but refused to say whether or
not it contained instructions for him to
becin the suits. . .
Congress exprt ss.y ratified and confirm
ed all sales, grants, leases and other dis
positions of the public domain grnnted by
the Hawaiian Government, in conformity
with the laws of Hawaii, between the 7th
day of July. lh'jS. and the 28th day of Sep
tember. Ik93. But any sales, teases or
grants since the last named date, the At
torney General holds, are Illegal and void,
and he- has instructed United States At
torney John C. Baird to institute suits at
once in the Unf'.ed States court to set all
thes*» sales, grants, franchises and leases
aside.
At the meeting of the Executive Coun
cil yesterday this was the all-important
Fubjec-t of discussion. Land Commission
er Jacob J. Brown brought up the subject
before Mr. Dole and his Executive Coun
cil. The matter was discussed for some
time, and Attorney General Dole was in
etructed to at once begin preparations for
answering the suits which will be filed In
the name of the United States by United
Ftates Attorney John C. Balrd. Brown,
the Land Commissiorrer. was instructed
to prepare a list of .-*i the land and water
rights sold and leased by the Territory
s:nce the 28th day of September. J8t>9, in
preparation for the suit and in response
to the demand for such information on
the part of the National Government.
HONOLULU. Nov. «.— The Honolulu Re
publican will say to-morrow: Every
least and sale of public land in Hawaii
Finoe the 2$th day nf September, 1S39, Is
illegal and void. That is the position
taken by the Hon. John W. Griggs, At
torney Oeneral of the United States, and
*uits will be instituted at once in the
United States District Court for the Dis
trict of Hawaii to set aside every such
loare and pale made by the local govern
ment of the Hawaiian Islands.
*-.
Many Sales and Leases of
Property- Are Saidio
Be Illegal.
TROUBLE OVER
HAWAIIAN LAND
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— Marcus
Daly . of Montana died: to-day
at the Hotel Netherlands.
Mr. Daly's death had been
expected fdr weeks. He came
borne from Europe about the middle of
September, and soon after was obliged to
take to the bed from which he never
again arose. His physicians informed tho
relatives some time ago- that Mr. Daly
could not recover and they 'would give
assurance of life only, from day to day.
Brlsht's disease, complicated with heart
weakness, was the cause of death.
At Mr. -Daly's deathbed were Mrs. Daly,
Marcus Daly Jr., his son; his daughters
Mary. Margaret and Harriet; trie Rev. M.
J. Lavelle; his attorney, William Scallon
of Montana, and two physicians. . .
Mr. Daly was conscious only at intervals
yesterday. At 4 o'clock this morning he
revived from a sinking spell and seemed
more than ordinarily, bright. . He asked
\that his family be summoned.
\- "Only a Jittle while more, a little' bit
more," he said, when asked if he was bet
ter. The family came hastily and re
mained until the end. Death came peace
fully. The physicians said Mr. Daly was
conscious until a few minutes before he
passed away.
His body will be taken to the house fit
725 Fifth avenue to-morrow. The funeral
will be held from that place, the services
Including a solemn high mass of requiem
In St. Patrick's Cathedral at 11 o'clock
Thursday morning.'
Marcus Daly was born in Ireland In
1S42. He came to the United States early
in life and since lo7S had been a citizen of
Montana. He became general manager fit
the Alice silver mine and later came into^
control of the Anaconda copper mine. At
the time of his death he was president of
the Amalgamated Copper Company. In
politics he was a Democrat.
The differences between Mr. Daly and
W. A. Clark have- attracted much atten
tion. The trouble started years ago over
some water rights near,Butte, which Daly
wanted and which Clark had bought,
forcing the other to pay a very high fig
wre. Daly's opportunity for revenge came
in 1S8S. when Clark was the Democratic
nominee for Delegate to Congress. With
his immense Influence at Anaconda. Daly
was able to throw a heavy vote to Carter',
Clark's Republican rival, which had pre
viously been cast for the Democratic
party.
Montana became a State In 1SS9 At the
first State election Mr. Clark was the
Democratic nominee for Representative in
Congress and J. K. Toole for Oovernor.
The latter was elected, but Clark was de
feated, supposedly owing to Daly's Influ
ence. Clark was then put forward for
the United States Senate. After a bitter
contest the Legislature was organized by
both parties, each claiming to be legal.
The Republicans named Thomas C. Power
and W. F. Sanders for their Senators,
while the Democrats put up Mr. Clark
and Major Martin Maginnls. The Repub
licans were seated.
Daly's influence defeated Clark in a sec
ond contest in 1693. In that Legislature
the Democrats had thirty-five votes, the
Populists three and the Republicans thir
ty-three. The Daly Democrats, number-
Ing nine, voted solidly for ex-Congressman
W. W. DIxon, and there was a deadlock
for the entire session of sixty days. Tele
grams from men like Calvin S. Brice, W.
C. Whitney and others equally high in
their party were sent to Daly to with
draw his opposition, but he ignored them
and the fight continued.
The next fight between Daly and Clark
was on the location of the State capital.
Helena. Mlssoula, Bozetnan and Anacon
da were In the fight. Daly advocated the
last named place. Clark at first favored
Butte, but finally changed to Helena, and
that city was chosen.
The Senator-ship again became the bone
of contentlon'between the two milionalres
last January, and Clark was elected. Daly
had the validity of the contested
on the ground of bribery when Clark pre
sented credentials to the Senate. The use
of money in the election was freely ac
knowledged on both sides, though it was
claimed that the expenditures were for
legitimate expenses only. The contest re
sulted in the Senate voting that there had
been no election by/the Montana Legisla
ture.
This year Clark made a -fight for the
election of members of the Legislature in
his interest and won, and his return to
the Senate next January Is assured.
No mining property has achieved great
er fame as a producer of dividends than
the famous Anaconda. Originally bought
as a silver mine, it became famous for its
LO>>"r>ON, Nov. 12. — A special
from Paris says: The booming
of a cannon lrom the first stcry
of the Eiffel Tower announced
that the exposition of .1900 ha-1
erased to exist. It er.ded in a blaze of
illumination, the final evening being cele
brated by a night fet« The attendance,
however, was email, visitors being kept
away tiy a cold, drizzling rainfall. The
wisdom of the authorities In refusing to
prolong the exposition further, as wa<
warmly urged in many quarters a lRtl<
timt- a?n, was vindicated by an examina
tion to-day of the builOings. Many were
found to be in lamentable condition, even
the official structures -acking much of the
original stucco and r^Jnt. ¦while several
foreign pavilions, chiefly of plaster con
f-truction, demonstrate the flimsy charar
t^r of the work that is unequal to battling
with autumn winds and humidity, to say
nothing of winter storms 1 . The idea of
their permanent retention is absurd.
Official statistic*! <=how that the exposi
tion was a pijrnntic success from the
p«Mnt of attendance, which was double
That of the exposition of 1RSS>. when 2.">.121.
5*75 passt>d the gates. When the gates of
.the exposition of 1900 nosed this evening
more than fifty million persons had jia.s
*»d throuerh. The British and Belgians
beaded the list in 1R89 in point of numbers.
l>ut this year the Germans were first an-1
the Belgians second, with the British bo
hind. Americans also formed a very no
ticeable contingent. Indeed, they were
innn<afural>ly more numerous than at the
previous exposition. The record-payir.fj
day this year brought out more than tiW.
(/«> visitors, as compared with a maximum
of 335.377 in 1KK>.
This fvrr.ing tickets which had brought
s sou in the afternoon were sold at the
rate of five for a sou. A curious ecen-i
v.as witnessed at the exposition gatc3
Fhnrtly before fi o'clock.' when the au
thorized ticket bureaus, which earlier iti
the day had Ixrn polling tickets for two
fous. reduced the price to one. The street
hawkers, indignant at this, attached
cards to their coats. Inscribed. "Give you
a ticket for nothing." For a time col
lisions between th^ street hawkers and
the employes of the exposition seemed
likely to result, but the police intervened
and averted trouble.
Spanish-American Congress.
LONDON". Nov. 12.— A Madrid f=pecia;
says: There were a number of fresh ar
rivals to-day of delegates attending- the
Fpanish-Ameriran ronfjress. notably the
< Vista Riran Minister at Paris. <M. de Per
alta. and Oeneral Fipuerdo of the Domin
can rc-public. Various American incorpora-
A special from Berlin says: About 300
representatives of industry, commerce and
finance, from all -parts of the empire, or
panized rn association yesterday' the ob
ject of vlich Is to urge the maintenance
of the prwent German China policy and
to combat « he Agrarian contention for the
protective •tariff.
Loan for Copenhagen.
A Copenhagen special says: A syndicate
of Swedish bankers' has begun .negotia
tions with- American bankers for a $13.
000.000 loan for the Copenhagen munic
ipality. . •
Indications of Conflict.
Discussing Lord Salisbury's speech at
the Lord Mayor's banquet in London on
Friday evening the Rossija and the No
vostl of St. Petersburg appear to be dis
contented over the prospective adjourn
ment of the Chinese question. Th--> Ros
sija declares that the ' "ostrich policy'
will be ruinous, for Russia will gain her
demands by Independent action. Thcuo
vosti discovers "in the speech indications
of a future conflict between Great Britain
and -France and asserts that they owe to
themselves and to Europe to prepare ac
cordingly. The Novoe Vremya thinks
Ixird Salisbury did not describe Great
Britain's weakness resulting from the
South African war in sufficiently stron*
terms. . ¦ .
A St. Petersburg special says: Baron
Toll's, polar expedition under the auspices
of the Imperial Academy of Science js
wlniering in the Kara Sea. on the north
eastern coast of Siberia. It will send an
expedition to the Taimyr Penins-.la.
To Combat Agrarians.
Mme. Sarah Bernliardt and M. Cnquelin
left Paris at T o'clock this morning on
their way to New York. A feathering ol
Jriends heartily bade them iarewell ana
Bhme friends accompanied them to Havre.
Toll's Polar Expedition.-
tions. Including the Bermuda Telegraph
Company, were also represented. The rep
resentative of the telegraph company
mentioned s=aid he wished to see the bonds
uniting Spain and South America tight
ened. The committees to-day began dis
cussing the questions of transport, com
merce, arbitration, literature and educa
tion.
Change of Ministers.
Ixjrd Salisbury, the Marquis of Lans
downe. and other Cabinet Ministers ar
rived at Windsor this afternoon, where
the Ministers retiring <ir changing offices
surrendered the seals to the new officials
and '-kissfii hands." After the functiou
they lunched at the castle, returning to
London by special train. ,
Bernhardt and Coquelin.
\ • i
With Boom of Cannon and' Blaze
of Illumination the Paris Ex
position Passes Into History.
BRILLIANT CLOSE
OF THE BIG SHOW
Captain L. M. Murray.
KINGSTON. N. Y., Nov. 12.— Captain
Lawrence M. Murray, who commanded
the famous cruiser Nashville before her
capture by the Confederate Government,
is dead at his home in Maiden.
Professor Rosentengel.
MADISON, Wls., Nov. 12.-Professor
Jtosentengel, head of the German depart
ment of the -University of Wisconsin, fell
dead during a faculty meeting this after
noon of apoplexy. He was 68 years of age.
Hans Peter Behnke. '
GERMANTOWN. Nov. 12.— Hans Peter
Behnke, a pioneer farmer of Glenn Coun
ty, died at his home, one mile east of
town, last night of dropsy. He was a na
tive of Germany and 64 years old. He is
survived by a widow, three sons and three
daughters.
Rev. A. M. Freeman.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.; Nov. 12.— Rev. A. M.
Freeman, for thirty years pastor of the
Flrat Presbyterian Church at Aurora, 111.,
was found dead in- a chair here to-day.
He was at the house of a daughter. Rev.
Mr. Freeman was 79 years or age and a
graduate of Princeton College.
Thomas Arnold.
LONDON^ Nov. 13.— Thomas Arnold,
fellow and examiner in English language
and literature at the Royal University of
Ireland, second son of the celebrated Dr.
Thomas Arnold, head master of Ru<by.
and father of Mrs. Humphrey Ward, the
novelist, died yesterday, aged 77 years.
?
Frank Jarvis Patten.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— Frank Jarvis
Patten, inventor of the multiplex tele
graph system, which was purchased by
the Western Union Telegraph Company,
and of the gyroscope, used on ocean ves
sels for giving the position of the vessel
in midocean, died suddenly here to-night,
aged 48 years. He was a graduate of
"West Point Military Academy and served
in the battles of Wounded Knee and For
lorn Hope as a lieutenant.
Ohe JDay's Dead.
Friend Says Daly's Death "Will Not
End Montana Feud.
- PHOENIX. Ariz.. Nov. 12.-MIles Fin
land,-a close personal friend of the late
Marcus Daly, who is visiting Phoenix. Is
arranging for rapid transportation in or
der to be present at the funeral of his
dead friend. • '
Regarding, the feud between Daly and
Senator Clark of Montana. Finland said:
'•The fight against Clark in Montana will
be but little affected by Daly's "death. It
will never end.- Daly was not the only
man ¦ arrayed against the Clark Interests.
There are many Montana people bitterly
opposed to Clark's methods, and many of
them -were Daly's friends, who urged him
on In his fight against Clark. These men
will certainly continue the contest to the
end." -..-..•
* CONTEST WILL CONTINUK
copper, and to it ooth Daly and Clark
largely owe thtir vast fortunes. Back in
the '70's two miners named Mickey, from
St. Lawrence County, this State; went to
Montana. They Feocted a hill overlook-
Ing the lltt'o mining camp of Butte and
bpgart' to sink their shut t. ' They struck a
fji!r vein ot" silver, but lack of funds made
them stop work and oiler to sell. ' Marcus
Daly bought the property for $35.0CK». He
arted, it is said, as agent for J. B. Haggin
of California, who had pert him to Butte
to buy some good mining property.
As the now owners ran their sr.aft down
they opened one of the world's greatest
copper mines, with silver enough to pay
all cxpensps. leaving; the copper as clear
profit. Daly was superintendent and part
owner of the groat mine. He bought the
ndjacent properties. He founded the town
of Anaconda in a valley twenty-five miles
distant, and located .where there" is an in
exhaustible supply of water and a great
deal of wood— two indispensibles for the
smelting and reduction of ores. At that
place he erected the greatest copper plant
in the world. • - ¦ •
Daly had a passion for horses of blood
and speed. He owned the J40.0K) colt Ham
burg. Tammany. Montana. Senator Grady,
Gwendoline. Ogden and other famous win
ners. He tried to buy the winner in the
Derby and Ascot races of 1897. Galtee
More, but his offer of $125,000 was not ac
cepted. • ' ,
Henry Villard, Financier,
Dies at His Home Near
Dodds errv.
Marcus Daly, Politician
and Mining-Man, Is
f .No More.
PASSING OF TWO MEN PROMINENT
IN THE BUILDING OF THE WEST
Towne, Populist nominee for' Vice Presi
dent; Senator R. F. Pettisrrew; George H.
Shlvely, Democratic National k committee
man, and several Western State Commit
tee chairmen met here to-night for the
purpose of conferring on a plan that will
prevent the reorganization of the Demo
cratic party and the disintegration of the
Bryanites. The conference was in the
nature of an executive meeting and the
only thing accomplished was a decision to
call upon all the Bryanite State Commit
tees to resist the reorganization of the
Democracy in their respective States a
circular being framed, reciting that,
though defeated tne followers of Bryan
are not discouraged and only need tlms
in which to get themselves together- i to
reappear before the public with all their
isms combined in a party under a new
name. Silver will be the nucleus of tho
new party." as four or five States can stlU
be counted on to support such a platform..
"What the name of the new party will
be I cannot say,", said Senator Pettfgrew,
"but undoubtedly Mr. Bryan w m De one ot
Its most earnest workers, though not nec
essarily Its Presidential candidate."
One reason why Senator Pettigrew is s->
active probably lies in the fact that a suc
cessor to Senator Kyle Is to be chosen m
South Dakota two years hence, and he
still has hopes of returning to the Unite!
States Senate.
¦ ? - -
; '.Many '-Will -Be Idle.
TERRE HAUTE. Ind., Nov. 12.— More
than 200 hoisting engineers and 7000 miners
In the State will be Idle to-morrow as a
result of the failure of the Indiana block
and bituminous coal operators to sign the
scale presented to them to-day by the en
gineers. A conference was held in this
city to-day, at which the leading operators
of the State were present and also the
executive officers of the National Brother
hood of Hoisting Engineers. The scale
submitted ' Is the. one now paid in Illinois
and its adoption would advance Indiana
wages 20 per cent.
Plan Organization of a New Party
With the Nebraskan at Its .. .
Head.
ST. PAUL, Mlnh.. Nov. 12.— Charles A.
FOLLOWERS OF BRYAN
ABE NOT DISCOURAGED
THE SAJX FKAJNfJISUU UALiJLi, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13,-1900.
MARCUS DALY. THE MON- .-
TANA MINER, WHO DIED AT
NEW YORK. . ..
DUL.UTH, Minn., Nov. 12.— Lonli "W.
Hill, vice president of the Eastern Rail
way of Minnesota, has been elected presi
dent to succeed Samuel Hill of Minneapo
lis. Louis Hill has been the active man
ager of the road for more than a year
past, having succeeded his brother, J. N
Hill, In that capacity.
Sill Chosen President.
' "The principal mills of the National
Company, which Is coxrimonly known as
the salt trust, are In Michigan."
**The National Salt Company yesterday
put up the price of common table salt of a
fair quality to $2 60 per 100 pounds. The
price before was Jl 10 per 100 pounds
for the same grade. The National Salt
Company controls directly 95 per cent of
the salt output of the country and Is able
to dominate the remaining 5 per cent of
the reduction.
2
S. N. WOOD & CO,,
718 Market 6t. and
Cop. Powell & Eddy.
Out-of-town order* tilted.
Writ* for samples and self ~
measuring blank. <i-\
Try a suit and test
it — money returned if
the suit doesn't please
you; suit kept in repair
free for a year.
Call for bur samples.
We believe that we
can give you better
values in cur made-to-
order department than
any other tailoring es-
tablishment on this
coast.
fora good all-woo!
stylish winter suit,
made toyour meas-
ure, is a value you
cannot afford to dis-
regard • if you in-
tend to buy a new
suit.
Half
and a
Thirteen
Dollars
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Cromo Quinine Tablets. AH
rfrufTKists refund the monry if It falls to cure.
E. \V. Grove's signature is on each box, Sc. •Continued on Pajro Seven,
MANY BOX PARTIES
ON OPENING NIGHT
Mr. a::d Mrs. W. G. Irwin entertained Mr.
and Mrs. Mau and Mr. and Mrs. Chasa In
palco box 20.
X. K. Masten and daughter. 'Miss A. Mas
ten, occupied palco box 9 with Mrs. W. S.
Perkins and Miss Jessen as their cuesta.
Mr. and Mrs. George A. Pope and Mr. and
Mrs. Dan T. Murphy were In palco box 7.
Lewis Gerstle, Mrs. William Gerstle, Mr. and
Mrs. "Mark Gerstle and Colonel M. A. Hecht
occupied palco boxes 11 and IT. '
Mr. and Mrs. Charles F. Tay had as their
guests in palco box 4 Mrs. Oscar Walker.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Morrow,' Mrs. J. Woods.
Mr. and Mrs. F. K. Zook and Judge Henshaw
Mr. and Mrs. Sp<mcer Buckbe« were In palcii
box 6. They were accompanied by Miss AnnS;
Buckbee and Mr. and Mm. Daniel Drysdale, '
In proscenium box 2 were Miss Bessie Gowan.
Miss Georzle fir>Ieker, Mr. and Mrs. J. J.
Spleker. Mr. and Mn. W. 8. Leake..
Mr. ana Mrs. W. P. Fuller occupied palco box
Prominent Society People
? Entertain Their
Friends.
Falco box 15 was occupied by Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph D. Grant. - .;.':.
black velvet embroidered In silver.
Mrs. Oszood Hooker wore a handsom* ¦ whlto
mourseltne gown over white silk and trimmed
in pink. Her wrap was of white satin edged
with ermine.
Mrs. Joseph Naphtaly wore a black velvet
gown with Jet trimmings.
Miss Mary Van Buren was present In a mag
nificent black tulle gown all spancled In- gold.
WEALTH AND BEAUTY
IN BODY OF HOUSE
18. Mr. and Mrs. Roy Pike were their ruest».
Mr. and Mr*. Frank Full«r entertained Mr.
and Mrs. Marshall Hale In palco box 12.
Mr. and Mrs. «"arr»n Clark occupied a. palco
box.
Mr. and Mr*. William Wilton entertained a
large party In pa?co box 5. In the party wer«
Mr. and Mrs. Isidore Schwartz. Miss Flora
Schwartz. Miss Hattle Goldfish and Irving Wil
son
Mr. and Mrs. James L. Flood wer» In thetr
private box.
In palco box « were Mrs. A. Greenwald. Mr.
and Mrs. Hellbronner and Mr. and Mra. Leon
SI oss.
In palco box 3 Mr. and Mrs. M. H. da Younr
entertained Miss Hennessy. Mrs. Anson Hotal
insr and Donald de V. Graham.,
Mr. «ntl Mrs. Claua Spreckels entertained m.
small party In loge box right No. 1.
Mrs. Pfcebs Hearst was not present, but her
box was occupied by Miss Apperson. Miss Lane.
Professor and Mrs. Benjamin Id<» Wheeler and
Orrin Peck.
Mayor Jazn<*a IX Fhelan occupied a box with a
party of frienda.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin entertained In a box
Mr. and Mrs. J. Downey Harvey, Miss Elan*
Robinson and Walter Martin.
Mr and Mrs. I. W. Hellman and Miss Flor
ence Hellman and Mr. and Mrs. E. N*. Heller
occupied a box.
Among those In the audience were:
Mr. and Mrs. Isldor S. Ackennan. Mr. and
Mrs. CTharles Ackerman. Jake Adlsr. Mr».
Thomas Andrews, Miss Ruth Adams, I>r. and
Mrs. Wlnslow Anderson. Mr. and Mrs. W. Ar»
Mrs. C. I*. Canfiold listened to tne singers in
a black crepe dress trimmed with gold.
Miss Gerstle wore a dainty white crepe dtess
with lace trimmings.
MIks Wood's gown was of pale blue silk with
lace trimmlnss.
Miss AHce Well wore a white lace dress
trimmed with pink baby ribbon nnd applique
ropebuds. Her wrap was a pink I..1 Hun?
Chang ccat embroidered In gold and edjfcd with
ermine. ,
Mrs. Henry Sahlein wore a gown of white
point lace and white satin.
Mrs. Charles Ackermaii was attired in' a
blark velvet gown.
Mrs. H. Morgan wore a light blue crepe gown
made in Louis XV style.
Mts. Percy Morgan'!? pown was of light gray
crepe trimmed with old point lace.
Miss Dolllo Tlymaii was present In a pink
mouKSfllne de sole with tan opera cloak.
Mrs. Lilienthnl woie an elegant gown of blpck
laoe with silver embroidery. Her opera wrap
was «. Hue I.I Hunt Chang coat.
Mrs. A. ICosenbaum's gown was of "gold net
over blue.
Mre. Ohauncey Wlnslow was attired in white
embroidered crepe. Her wrap was of gray
panne velvet e<i:e<l with ermine.
Mrs. Henry Hyman's gown was of black silk
with blue velvet trimmings.
Mrs. A. Koos wore a lavender moire silk
trimmed with embroidery and lace.
Mrs. J.' Follls looked charming in a white
lace town over white chiffon. .
MIfs Florence Hellman wore a llcht blue tAf
feta trimmed with cold. k lal
Mrs. B. Heller wore a lavender silk gown
made In Queen Anne style and trimmed with
old ¦ lace.
Mrs. Samuel G. Buckbee wore an elegant
white tulle gown embroidered In pink rose
buds.
Mrs. Leon Bloss wore a magnificent gown of
white panne velvet embroidered with wall flow
ers and trimmed with point lace.
Mrs. C. F. Talbot was attired in pink satin
with an opera clonki of pink panne velvet ¦ '
Mrs. J. 15. Stetson wore a masnlfWnt im
ported gown of white lace over white" chiffon
the corsage was trimmed with Parma violets*
Her opera coat wa3 of white brocade with a
cellar of Russian sable.
Mrs.' Eleanor Martin wore one of the hand
somest gowns seen In' the house last evening
It was of black velvet and richly trimmed wltli
rcse point lace. Hpr wrap was of black vel
vet covered with lace flounces.
Miss Robinson wore a white point d'esprit
gown over a. foundation of white silk ' Her
wrap was of white silk and chiffon.
Mrs. J. Doollttle was, present In a gown of
pink aiangled net.
• Mrs. J. C. Stubbs wore a white satin gown
with -white ermine opera cloak. '
Miss. Mary Ktubbs was attired In a blue silk
gown with chiffon trimmings.
MIfs Helen Stubbs wore a pale-green silk
embroidered with spangles and white silk opera
cloak. . :-¦-;¦¦; ..
Miss Edith Stubbs' gown was of pink crepe
de chine. -¦'*'
Mrs. George R. Wells wore an elegant black
lace gown.
Miss Marie Wells looked charming In a pale
green crepe, with white opera. wrap.
Miss 'Marie Oge was attired in pale-blue crepe
over blue silk. ¦ ¦ ' . :
Mrs. Charles Fox. Tay wore a gown of pink
embroidered nioucseline de sole trimmed with
pink roses. '^'^ttMSSSSfV^Sll^Ml^lfiV^^iiSSSBStVpH
Mrs. 'Walker wore a handsome black spangled
net town.
Mrs. Frank Zook's gown was of black satin
trimmed with old lace.
¦Mrs. W. II.- Morrow wore a sown of lavender
pcrne velvet trimmed with old lace.
Mr.«. Julius W. Raphael was attired In a
gown of bliok net over cream silk.
Mrs. de Young wore a pink Faquln gown with
a gray tulle sash and trimmed with roses.
Miss Hennessy's gown was of black tulle
with orchids.
Mrs. Henry Kahn wore a blue mouselllne de
sole gown trimmed with gold and point lace.
Her opera clonk was of white panne velvet.
Mrs. A. Steinberger was attirM in black vel
vet trimmed with lace ami Jet.
Miss Emily Rosenstirn wore a dainty gown
of white tulle spangled with silver. Her wrap
was of white silk with rinses nppliqued.
Mrs. Ilosenslirii wore a black spangled' net
gown with lace trlmminzs.
Mrs. Marshal Halo looked extremely pretty
In white lace over white silk. Her opera cloak
was 'of white embroidered silk.
Mrs. Peck Epplnger wore a rlalnty tulle gown
of rainbow tints, trimmed with Iridescent pas
pamontcrla.
Mrs. I>Duts Bifzet wore a Paris gown of old
rose brocade. Her wrap was ot gray cloth
trimmed with ermine.
Miss Olive Hoi brook was attired in a modish
gown of pale pink satin. Ht opera wrap was
of wh;tc satin trimmed with chitfon.
Mrs. Sol Vv'anuenhelm wore an elegant gown
of black taffeta trimmed with lace and velvet.
M!es Bernie Drown was elt-jtantly attired in
white satin. Mrs. Drown wore a magnificent
gown of pearl gray satin trimmed with old
Miss Lotta Musto wore a gown of pals gray
satin. Her opera ooat was of gray cloth edged
with chinchilla.
Mrs. Downey Harvey wore an elegant gown
of black lace over black silk. Her opera wrap
was of gray silk trimmed with chiffon.
Mrs E. J. MctJutcheon was altered In' a
magnificent gown of striped lavender and white
silk Her eper.i wrap was of pale yellow satin.
Mrs Jaroes Stewart wore an elegant gown of
pale yellow brocade. Her wrai; was of gray
silk edged with chinchilla.
Miss Florence Musto wore a dainty gown of
old rose silk. ...
Airs Irving M. Scott was magnificently at
tired In a gray and black brocade trimmed
with old lace. Her opera wrap was white ami
trimmed with lace.
Mrs Milton S. Latham wore an elegant gown
of gray satin trimmed with old lace. Her wrap
was or erm!ne. / * '¦'•• - '¦ .'
Mrs ¦ Grant Selfrlde* was attired in black
spangled net over black silk.
Mrs. John Harmes wore a stylish sown of
gray satin.
Mrs Charles layman Bent was present in a
blue moussellne gown trimmed with black lace.
Mrs. Gordon BlandlriR wore an elegant gown
of pale green satin. Her wrap was of white
Bilk and chiffon. Miss Susie Blandlng wore an
exquisite gown of white chiffon over white silk.
Ml->s Florence Brecklnrldge looked extremely
pretty in white silk with a white chiffon wrap.
Mrs. Ella Hotallng was attired In a black
cet dress embroidered In silver.
Mrs. William Irvine wore a magnificent gray
silk gown trimmed with deep flounces of point
¦ Mrs. • A very' McCarthy • wore a beautiful pal«
pink satin gown. , Her wrap wm of pink satin
edged with sateen.
Miss Helen Wagner wore a beautiful white
lace gown over a foundation of rainbow tinted
tulle. ¦¦; SiW l »^ 1 .riagMttBBM<pw!iBB86WJiffiSWQgBWBM
Mrs. B. Q. Murphy waj tlesantly attired in
Mrs. L. Weil wore a black spangled dress
made Pompadour »tyle. Her opera ; cloak was
ot black*- peau de cols trimmed with' ermine.
Miss Lucy Moffitt had a white crepe do
chine over ntle green, trimmed -with laco.
Her opera cloak was gray, trimmed with
chiffon.
Mrs. William ' Hajus wore a town of white
and lavender brocaded satin.
Mrs. Florence , Haas was present in a, white
lace gown over white nun's veiling, t Her opera
cloak was of silk and chiffon.
Mrs. Albert Russell was present in pink
crepe 'ele chine, trimmed with lace.
Mrs. Will Clunesa wore white mousse
leine de sole, elaborately embroidered and
trimmed with chiffon and ribbons." Tho
opera wrap was of gray chiffon.
Mrs. J. P. Martin's costume was ot gray
brocade, trimmed in lace and spangles.
Miss Elsie Lilienthal wore a cream lace
gown, with blue velvet ribbons.
Miss Victoria Lilienthal was attired in
blue satin trimmed with lace.
Mrs. I. Weill : was attired in mousseleine
over pink satin, profusely trimmed with
Venetian point lace.
Ella Goodall of Oakland appeared In
gray crepe de chine, handsomely embroid
ered in chiffon.
Mrs. Julius Kruttschnitt was costumed
in a black and steel spangled gown. Her
cloak was black velvet, trimmed with
white ermine and point lace.
Mrs. H. M. A. Miller of Oakland heard
the opera in an attire of white crcpa
gown, trimmed with cream lace.
»Ars. Jerome Hart wore a black lacu
gown.
Mrs. C. Brown was in black velvet, with
a lace bodice.
Mrs. J. Liebes was present in a black
spangled net gown, trimmed with pink
panne velvet. Her opera cloak was of
black«chiffon, lined with pale pink.
Mrs. Jack Wilson was there In a white
crepe costume trimmed with lace and
chiffon. She wore a blue opera wrau
trimmed In chitfon and panne velvet.
ilrs. F. Woods was in a black spangled
dross, with a chiffon wrap.
Mrs. Joe Grant's dress was of cream
lace. Tier op«*ra co.it was of white cloth
trimmed in chinchilla and gold.
Miss ives appeared in an elaborate
cream lace gown interlaced with white
patin ribbons, spangles and pink panne
velvet. Her opera wrap was of white
cloth, with white fox and gold trimming
Miss P. Lilicnthal wore a white crep"
gown trimmed with white chiffon.
Mrs. Lilienthal was in black, trimmed
with black chiffon.
Miss Gertie Pauson was present in black
spangled net over light blue. Her cloak
was black satin, with pale blue panne
and gold braid.
Mis. \V. F. Herrin wore a very hand
some black velvet gown, trimmed with
point lace, and a black jet opera wrap
llm:d with pale pink.
Beautiful costumes were the order of
the evening. Among the many noticeable
were the following:
Satins, Velvets and Rare Oid
Laces Seen at the
Opera
BUDS AND BELLES
hN GORGEOUS GOWNS
The proprrammS? furnished the audience
was a thinj? of loathing and abomination.
It was with difficulty one could discover
the printed cast, buried, as it was, under
the advertisements! of oil heaters, whiskies
and complexion tonics. When people pay
seven dollars a seat they should be spared
such an infliction as this. .
L. DU PONT SYLB.
The minor parts were all well filled, no
tably that, of Kriar Lawrence by M. Ed
de Reszke and that of Capulet by M.
Plancon, The chorus had little to do, but
did that little well; the scenery was.sur
flcient, though decidedly below a Parisian
standard, as Mr. Grau must know very
well.
Saleza as Romeo was often far from cor
rect: at times he was husky and (before
his voice warmed up) even flat. But ho
gloriously redeemed himself by his dra
matic delivery of the impassioned music
of the last act and by the warmth he threw
Into the, actlns' of hie part— this, too, in
spite of the fact that he had to play to a
most irresponsive Juliet.
At the end of the first act the audience
was again on parade and it presented a
brilliant picture. Light and life, color, en-
The audience wa* neither critical nor
enthusiastic. Melba was generously wel
comed, but the greeting which she re
ceived was apparently not spontaneous
nor enthusiastic. At the end of the firs*
act she received the court. sy of a curtain
rail, but it had not the heartiness which
ir.ight have been expected. In the top
most gallery, where gowns were not
brought to be displayed, where fashion
was absent asd th« admission fee was
least costly, there were many vacat:t
cpats. The police had been given no
trouble from the gallery.
Then there came a hush. The lights
tvere Jov.-ered. the orchestra began its
ttifIc iind th^ curtain rolled up on as
daintily a ?taged scene as one would wish
to criticise. Grau was true to his word.
The curtain rose at 8 o'clock and silence
r^ig-ncd in the theater. The thousands of
? ager onlookers of fashion were still
jostling and swaying on Mission street.
Th*- column of cabs was prowing longer
*r.d longer and the crowd was still
thronging through the doors, but the
oprra had begun.
. roftdod by fashionably dressed women
ft;<1 s<~rr.b'rriy parbed men. The lights
sp.nr.e <jn thousands cf rich jewels and
paT gowns. There was the murmur of
Kar.y voices, the laucht'r and chatter of
«-xh:!aratcd women, the swish and rustle
"f lacf ¦? and silks and satins. Opera
cla st.c? were leveled from all parts of the
house to every other part. San Fran
«-jy«-n ras admiring. Judging and criticis
-Sr.s: Itself.
•¦•.!>• who :s anybody— was there to see
.-:::! ;<• b* ftn, to parade In th** lobbies,
:<> chatter and possip in the auditor1uxn«
to criticise the other fellow end— to listen
t*» tb* music. A few m f mites' before 8
o'Hock n!! but the ultra-fasliionsbie iate
. rn-rp were seated. From the stage^ to
the highest callery the theater wa«
All San Francisco *<.:r»ed to have as
j-rmLlcd In Its Ix-st K*rb to pay tribute
to t!i.- visiting Elascrs. Men of affairs,
lawyers* merchants, politicians— overy-
chatier of gay voices. As each vehicle
• :. ;¦¦ >'.-.«d i'.s fr.MprM of daintily gowned
¦ mlr.tnlty tbere tv;i? :he buzz of admira
;;..!¦. the shouts of th? police and the
noise cf cab? rooring into line.
fart night sra* brilliant. The gr-pt theater
¦"..<- thronged to the doers by perhaps the
:-• .- 1 fasUicaabU Radlcnce which was ever
•if.ftM t<.» an auditorium in this city. The
p-udieric*' was pit :ise« v.ith itself «nd wit*
the players. When the curtain miied up
fnr ihr opmirp eeen<* of Gounod'a "Borneo
ar'i J..!i<M" t!:r- theater literally biazed m
t*w» Ifcht and color of Eorgeous gowns anl
i< wels.
'.¦'>¦•: nearly pn hf»ur there had been the
rattle .va<1 rumb!? of carriages on Mission
tttwt. Thousands of people- from s»ll
v r: - ¦¦ ' '.hr city blocked the tnorouRh
:¦.,:>¦ t.. «;.:<.h .i «>f th<- farh«rir.riblc
'- • ri 1 .?s It o v.'pp'd arrayed in splendid
!_•:•• ;.iti> the :"oy«r. Carriage after «.-ar
t \.'^- : ;<<p- r trA ;:T xlw door of the theater
.' there wa: the nistleof etlTss and pat-
; ...-=. the BUJara of Jewels, the murmur and
/1^\ A?C FRAICCISCO his passed on
<V»_" dress parade befoie itself. It
h:;t> j.oi:e to the opera, posed, ap
. j) p'au^Ied. criticised; gossiped u'"<i
retired >urr»ne!y self-satisfied.
The onjains: of the Maurice Grau opera
ftasrri at Morosco'* Grand Opera-house
Not ever the desecrating hand of the
librettist can rob the greatest love poem
ever written of all its pathos and of all
its power* This was sufficiently demon
strated by last night's performance of
"Romeo and Juliet" at the Grand Opera
house, where three acts of inaction. I
snatched piecemeal from the masterpiece !
of Shakespeare's hot youth, were followed
by a fourth act of real power (the quarrel
scene between the Capulct and the Mon- !
tague factions) and a fifth of genuina
pathos (the death of Romeo and Juliet Iti
the tomb). Wherever the vile doggrerelist
who mangled Shakespeare's play would
allow Shakespeare to speak he never
failed to attain his intended effect.
When Gounod composed "Romeo and
Juliet" "Lohengrin" had been in existence
more than fifteen years. Yet the French
composer seemed by that time to have
learned nothing from that "Wagner, who
(with all his womanolatry and his absurd
theory of opera as the keystone in the
arch of the art) must be allowed to be the
greatest master of orchestration the world
has ever seen. In the first three acts,
with the sinsle exception of the waltz
song, there is nothing that lifts itself
above the commonplace: in the fourth
act the chorus effects rise to some extent
1 with the theme, but only in the last act
does the music show real dramatic adap
tiveness.
Mme. Melba sang the part of Juliet with
that cold correctness which marks at once
the finish and the limit of her art. M.
She Lacks the Warmth Nec
essary to Make a
Great Juliet.
MELBA IS CORRECf
BUT IRRESPONSIVE
The audience way slow in leaving. The
babel of sound, the brilliance of effects,
the crowds, excitement and confusion
which attended the beginning of the even
<n? marked the close, and when the lights
v.ere ct't and trie last carriage had rolled
away fashionable San Francisco had add
ed another notable incident to its history
of great days?. The preat opera company
had met a!! expectations, and San Fran
cisco had left liOlhlng undone to make its
tribute a fitting one.
The audience had become more fympa
thet'e. Its applause was more generous
ami the singers teemed to feel the enthu-,
plasm cf their hearers. The balcony
scene, splendidly interpreted, won a trlb
•uve which ¦was almost tha* of cheers. The
triumph was to be one of art as well as
nf fashion and when the opera was over
had leasun to congratulate itself tor its
appreciation of a great opera well prc-
BentedJ
thuslapm, good nature and good Trill were
e\erywht-re. Superbly gotvned -women pa
raded the lobbies and foyer, chatted and
gossiped and made the most of an op
portunity to be Been and heard and er.
vied. If«*re ar.d there and everywhere
were group? of laughing, jolly men and
women, and then there was the hurry
'up and bustling and confusion as the
wprr.InR hell told that the curtain was to
rife for the second act.
Meiba Never Heard to Better Advan
tage and Was Particularly Charming
and Effective in the Balcony Scene-
Shares Curtain Calls With
the Great Australian Songbird.
GOUNOD'S MASTERPIECE
SPLENDIDLY PRESENTED
Oper\ir\g of Qrar\d Opera Seasor\
Made tKe Occasior\ for a Bra\te
Display of Fashionably Glad
Beauty Sparkling With deWels.
GRAU STARS IN "ROMEO AND JULIET"
GREETED BY A BRILLIANT AUDIANCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1900.
3
XT^-^S. THIS EVENING'S
\ §®l$$^ PROGRAMME
\ /p>% ;/ ft /
*r^l&y&darf&&---- (3/ftme.^dd^
j^i l&j^yAid _^^ @Jifa#as
\|^[ y#z&Wk G^^ac^ua $04*
J^.Vj. M^iamm. QM^iiJiAia^X
vtepf MWlMi$W; )--&$&. Miriam/MOUNT BAKER BOUNDARY
DISPUTE NOT ENDED
Joint Commission May Definitely
Locate the International
Line.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 12.— It is said
that a letter has been received here from
Sidney Fisher. Dominion Commissioner ot
Agriculture, stating that the Canadian
and American surveyors will officially lo
cate the boundary line in the dispuud ter
ritory comprising the valuable Mount
Baker mining district, this work to bo be
gun as soon as the winter's snows dis
appear. Dominion Surveyor Deane, sent
hither from Ottawa for the purpose, re
ports that he believes all the rich mines
of the district supposed to be in America
are really In Canadian territory. Tin.
controversy led to the survey by Deane
and Colonel Dudley, United States Consul
at Vancouver, says that he is now in com
munication with the State Department at
Washington regarding the advisability of
reopening the entire question.
Divorce for J. O. Valpey.
SALINAS. Nov. 12.— J. O. Valpey was
to-day granted a divorce from his wife,
Mrs. Eliza Valpey, by Judge Dorn In the
Superior Court. Mrs. Valpey was a
daughter of the late Judge W. M. R.
Parker.
Blooded Weanling Dies.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. Nov. 12.-r-The wean
ling at the Bide of Ballyhoo,' the famous
brood mare, a full brother to Ballyhoo
Bey, which, with the mare, was recently
sold by J. E. Madden to William C. Whit
ney for $11,500, died of • pneumonia- at La
belle farm to-day. ,,-
When the Board of Supervisors topk up
the canvassing of the vote of the late
election this afternoon Auditor Col and
Justice Cobb served protests on the board
against counting the vote for Auditor and
Justice. They maintained no vacancies
existed until January 1. 1903. and that they
had been appointed to fill terms which
did not expire until that time.
The Board of Supervisors, which is Re
publican, thereupon passed a motion not
to canvass the vote for Justice and Audi
tor. Richardson and Murphy will taxe
The same kind of a fight will be waged
over the County Audltorshlp, which A. G.
Col now holds under appointment of the-
Supervisors. Col was appointed to fill a
vacancy In the office. The Republicans
held in the case of Auditor as In the Jus
tice fight, and made no nominations.
Martin Murphy was elected to the place
by the Democrats.
To-day Oneal resigned the Justiceship,
to take effect Immediately, and the Su
pervisors at once appointed Attorney
Charles W. Cobb to fill the unexpired
term. This means a long legal fight for
Richardson, as Cobb will not give up tha
office.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 12.— A lively contest In
the courts over the office of City Justice
is promised and Owen Richardson, who
was recently elected to>the position on
the Democratic ticket, will not obtain the
place until the Supreme Court shall have
passed on the case. Louis Oneal, Sena
tor-elect from the Thirty-first District,
has held the place since the death of Jus
tice Gass a year ago by appointment of
the Board of Supervisors. The Republi
cans claimed Oneal held the office until
the general election in 1902. District At
torney Campbell also rendered a decision
to this effect. The Democrats took the
opposite view, holding that the office ex
pired the first of next January, and nom
inated Richardson. The County Clerk re
fused to put Richardson's name on the
ballot and he brought the matter before
Judge Rhodes on a writ of mandate. The
court held that the appointment by the
Supervisors held until a successor could
be elected at the election just held, and
ordered Richardson's name on the bal
lot..
the Supervisors.
Santa Clara Democrats Clash With
CONTESTS FOR. TWO OFFICES.
"Tn the case of Martin against the Elec
tion Commissioners, In which the main
point decided was that the charter was
"No part of this State," said Mr. Gar
ber, "can exist without a county govern
ment. The performance of the functions
originally vested solely In the county gov
ernment was never Interrupted in San
Francisco. The county has from the or
ganization of the State had its place in
the government of this city and county.
The separate and independent county gov
ernment was of course abolished when
the city and county was formed. But the
functions of the county did not disappear
with the strict county government. They
remained as before, to be executed by the
city and county.
"This was the situation as it appeared
to the Supreme Court when the so-called
county government act was applied to
San, Francisco. In the case of Kahn
against Sutro the court found that the
separate county government had been
long abolished, but that Its functions con
tinued to be executed by the authorities
having the dual character of city and
county onlcers.
The county of San Francisco Is there
fore a constituent part of the State, the
attorney argued, and as/a county is gov
erned by State laws. There^is within the
limits of the city and county of San Fran
cisco a dual government, a city governed
In municipal affairs by a charter and a
county governed, as are all other counties
of the State, by State laws. If any other
theory of government were to be applied
one would have to maintain that San
Francisco, since the ratification of its
charter, has seceded from the State and
Is now an independent political entity.
This theory on its face. Mr. Garber con
tended, is obnoxious to the constitution
and all laws of State government.
The argument made by ex-Judge Gar
ber was elaborate, technical and abstruse.
It was historical, logical and able. Its
main theme,. upon which all the lawyer's
excursions depended, was that the Legis
lature of California has not the constitu
tional right to abandon any of its powers
to any territorial subdivision within the
boundaries of the State. The Legislature
has the power to grant to cities the right
of self-government in affairs purely mu
nicipal, but it has not the power to dele
gate or abandon the duties of government'
placed upon it by the constitution.
The courtroom of Superior Judge Heb
bard was crowded yesterday morning to
the doors by lawyers, officials and promi
nent citizens, called to hear the conclud
ing arguments in the case which shall de
cide the meaning and the scope of the
civil service clause of the charter. John
Garber delivered the final address In the
controversy and contended that the Civil
Service Commission of San Francisco has
not the shadow of authority to dictate
the qualifications of purely county offi
cers who perform duties exclusively tor
the State. . '
In conclusion Mr. Garber contended that
when the Legislature of California gave
to San Francisco powers which it had no
right to. abandon or delegate It committed
an unconstitutional act. At the conclu
sion of the address Judge Hebbard an
nounced that he would hasten his decision
and the case was submitted. -
"Take the history of the State and we
find that .the original trovernment of thi3
peninsula was that of a county. In 1851
the county of San Mateo was carved out
of the county of San Francisco, and a city
nnd county government was substituted
for the old scheme of political organiza
tion. That government was carried on by
the consolidation act and it so exists to
day, despite the claim that the charter
cuts off all State authority.
"Indeed, the charter Itself acknowl
edges that a county, government exists
here. It strictly defines tlie duties of the
municipal officers, but leaves the author
ity and obligations of the county officers
to the Legislature, saying that these of
ficers shall derive their powers from the
statutes of the general laws of the State.
In that it admits there is after all a coun
ty government."
"As the situation now stands, to declare
that the charter controls all the officers
of this city would be to declare that San
Francisco has seceded from the State. It
would place it beyond legislative regula
tion. That was never the intention of tho
people. It was their purpose to give San
Francisco local government in municipal
affairs and in nothing else. No part of
this State can exist without a county gov
ernment. Such a government is the foun
dation of the primary division of th«
State. It is so declared in the act defin
ing the counties. There this city is de
scribed as the city and county of San
Francisco, and its boundaries are denned
along the same lines as the boundaries of
other counties.
"The constitutional amendment known
an section 8V4. which permitted the adop
tion of the charter, admitted the existence
of the county officers denned in the de
cisions of the Supreme Court. It gave the
charter no more power. Had it intended
to do so it would have expressed its in
tention in express terms.
regularly adopted, the dual government
of the city was again acknowledged. The
principle in the case of Kahn against Su
tro was not abolished. Rather its exist
ence was fully recognized, and it was
plainly the opinion of the court that the
dual government continued under tha
charter. As an instance of the recognition
of the former decision it may be men
tioned that Justice Harrison, who wrote
the decision in Kahn against Sutro, signed
the judgment in Martin against the Elec
tion Commissioners. If. as the attorneys
for the Civil Service Commission assert,
the latter case reversed the former de
cision, why did Justice Harrison sign it?
Furthermore, it may be said that the
court afnrmed Kahn against Sutro in
three other cases. In two of them. Ste
veiia against Truman and Popper against
Broderick, the existence of a dual govern
ment in this city and county was recog
nized In express terms.
Claims County Officers in San Francisco
Are Governed Solely by
State Laws. .
CIVIL SERVICE ARGUMENT
CONCLUDED BY GARBER
LONDON. Nov. 13.— At the National
Sporting Club of London last evening a
20-round contest for th% bantam cham
pionship between Pedlar Palmer and Har
ry Ware resulted in a victory for the lat
ter, although Palmer showed himself far
more clever than his opponent and held
the fight on points until toward the end.
. .. —
Pedlar Palmer Defeated.
"Robert Kitzslmmons. Norfolk, Va.: The
papers here to-night state that you are
willing to meet me again. I gladly give
you a chance to win back your lost title
I hope you will have your representative
meet me on Wednesday at the Grand
Opera-house, and we can easily arrange
a match for the championship, to take
place at once or at the end of the theatri
cal season. A speedy answer will oblige.
"JAMES J. JEFFRIES."'
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.-The following
telegram was sent to Robert iStzsim
rnons at Norfolk, Va., to-day In reply to
a statement that he was not out of the
fight business and wanted to meet Jeffries
for the championship, and if given an op
portunity he would readily grasp it:
mer Champion.
CHALLENGES FITZSIMMONS.
Jeffries Sends Telegram to the Por-
COURSING MEN AT MODESTO.
Gather for the Meeting of the Inter
state Association.
MODESTO. Nov. 12.— Modesto is a. lively
town this evening, due to ihe presence of
200 visitors, who have come in from San
Francisco and neighboring towns for me
open-plains meeting of the IntprptHte
Coursing Association, which will begin to
morrow.
The reception committee, composed of
representative citizens of Modesto, re
ceived the coursing men upon the arrival
of the morning train from San Francisco
and conducted them to the Town Hall,
where speeches and music played an im
portant part for an hour or more. In the
evening there 'was a ball in honor of the
visitors. Rooms and every order of ve
hicle are at a premium in Modetlo to
night. The crowd of visitors is larger
than was anticipated and the supply is
less than the demand.
Lord Durham to-day accused Reiff of
"pulling." Telegraphing to the officials
of the Liverpool racecourse, urging an in
vestigation. Lord Durham says:
"In a speech at the Jockey Club Hough
ton meeting I said Reiff had not attempt
ed to beat Gerolstfln at Donca?ter, so my
complaint was not made because I lost
the race. I hope the case will be referred
to the stewards of the Jockey Club."
LONDON. Nov. 12. — In view of the loca.1
etewards of Liverpool having summoned
Wishard, the trainer, and Lester Relff,
the Jockey, for an explanation of the
Doncaster running of Richard Croker's
horse. The Scotchman II, it is regarded
in racing circles as likely that Kelff s
license will be cancelled.
Lord Durham Accuses the Jockey
of Having "Pulled" a Horse.
B.EIFF MAY LOSE LICENSE.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 12.— This was the
la*t day of the regular meeting at Lato
nia. To-morrow will be Weldon day,
when the entire gate receipts will be
turned over to the fund being raised for
Harry M. Weldon. the turf critic, who is
now paralyzed. Weather clear; track
fast. Results:
One mile, selling— Uhlers von, Juanetta. asc
end. Poorlnrids third. Time, 1:44.
Fix furlongs — Arachue won, Angea. second.
61U-« third. Time. 1:16H.
Mile and seventy yards. Belling— Nettle Re
gent won. Left Bower second. Sir Gatian third.
Time. 1:46.
Mile, handicap— Terminus won, Gue«a Work
second. Grandon third. Time. 1:4H».
One rr.tle— Troubalin* won, Zazel second.
Etta third. Time. 1:43^4.
One mile, selling— Ollie. J won. Eleanor
Holmes second.. Fair Deceiver third. Time,
( X:t3.
CHICAGO, Nov. 12.— Results at Lake
side:
Six furlongs— Royal Victor won. Lord Rob
erts second. Preegrave third. Time, 1:14 4-6.
Five furlongs— Money Muss won. Algaretta
second. Alpaca third. Time, 1:00 4-6.
Five and a half furlongs — Hylo won, Kohn
wrtath second. Birdie D third. Time. 1:09 2-6.
One mile and seventy yards— Ohnet won,
Louisville second, Florlzar third. Time,
1:45 2-5.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Major Man-
Elr won. Vtncennes second, Maryland Reserve
third. Time. VAb'.i.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Hub Pra
ther won. Strangest second, Oxnard third.
Time, 1:49.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— Two favorites
wen at Aqueduct to-day— Sir Florlan in
the fourth and Barbetto in the fifth.
Weather clear; track fast. Results:
About seven furlongs— Prince Richard won.
Godfrey second, 'Watercure third. Time, 1:26.
Five and a naif furlongs, selling— Military
won. Gladcrun second, Roehampton third.
Time, 1:09 1-5.
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Ml«s Mitch
ell won. Leon Ferguson second. Fatalist third.
Time. 1:4S.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Sir FIort*n
won, Iiorough second, Sir Fitzhugh third.
Time. 1:49 4-5.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Barbetto
won Alsora second. All Swell third. Time,
l:"i 4-5.
One mile anl t-eventy yards — Kinnlklnnlck
won. Belle of Troy second, King Bramble
third. Time, 1:47.
Last Day of the Regular Meet at
Latonia.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
the contest into court and ask for a writ
compelling the board to canvass their
votes. ,
SAXE OP VASTAIIDA MINE.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Nov. 12.-An Im
portant mining deal was announced
here to-day when H. W. Treat of
New York sold a controlling in
terest in the Vananda Copper ant! Gold
Mining Company's property on Texada
Island. The buyers were New York and
Chicago capitalists, organized by C. H.
Mackintosh, ex-Governor of the Canadian
Northwest Territory. The price is un
derstood to have been J600.000. The cop
per, deposits of the Vananda are very ex
tensive, but during the four years of
operation by Treat lack of capital ham
pered its development. When It seemed
inevitable that the mine must close down.
New York capitalists put $30,000 Into the
Vananda with such promising results that
Governor Mackintosh arranged for tho
larger investment, which is expected to
make the mine one of the largest copper
properties on the Pacific Coast.
Falls Dead in a Depot
SAX BERNARDINO. Nov. 12.— Thomas
Stewart, a resident of Victor, was sent In
this morning to the County Hospital -with
a letter from Dr. Pitman and Justice
Auchinachie. asking that he be well cared
for. A telephone message was sent to Su
perintendent Huff, who went to the train
but missed Stewart. At noon Stewart*
who had been wandering around, came to
the depot again and while drawing a cup
of water fell dead. Coroner Thompson
pronounced the case one of apoplexy In
the pockets of the dead man was a. pic
ture of a sister, with the name Lizzie
Sharenbery on the back: another evi
dently that of her dead husband, dated
Borensvllle. Belmont County; Ohio and a
prroup with four names— George Stewart
Miss Stewart, Saunders Stewart and Miss
Guyton of Wintered, Ohio.
Suicide Ends a Spree.
OAKLAND. Nov. 12.-Charh»s Wetzell
driver of a milk wagon, shot himself In
the head to-night in a stable at Tenth
and Market streetR. He died noon after
He had been drinking heavily of late The
body was removed to the Morgue
HILDRETH SENDS THREE
FAST ONES TO THE POST
Gonfalon and Wooster Boy Play Merry With the
Timers' Watches— Rolling Boer in
Brackets Again.
By IF 1 . E. IVTXJHL.XIOLI-.A.lSriD.
why the colt shouldn't beat The Bobby
a nil that sort.
Mounce an.1 Bullman divided the saddle
honors, each piloting: two winners.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race— Seven furlon&s: three-year-olds
snJ upward: selling.
i:?fi tvi ft water 114 ; 12!>S Kootenal 101
1310 Chas. I>? Bel . . . I"-.- ! 1310 Colonel Root 109
1PSS Pcvereaux I' 1 * 131R Faversham — 105
11!,: Mary Kinsella.lOs 1?6S Ppike 104
1124 I»mo IWi l?06 Twinkle Twlnk.102
11(6 Rose of Hilo.... 9"! 1172 I>ruldesa 101
Peccnd race — Futurity course; maiden two
jresrHJlds; purse.
3249 George Dewey.1.10 1M0 Phot away 105
is.% Litmus no i:s* El Sonoro 110
Plratta IIS 12S1 IMcklow 110
lano rath. Bravo ...105 litno Billy Lyons 110
J«W Roundhead ....110 12S3 Missel Wa
1300 Modder 106 1289 Inetante 105
Third race— fieven furlongs: three-year-olds
an'1 upward; Felling
13^1 Kickumbob ....1041 131S Donator 109
13-3 Letiger 97 1K2 Glen Ann lOU
12SC Yule 109 1200 Proclamation ..104
12M Free Pass 97 Magnelone Ill
119S Ringmaster 108 nimond 102
11S5 Rainier ,...102, 1SU llontanus 112
Fourth race— On# mile and & quarter: three
year-oMs ar.d ui»w*rd: selling.
1313 Campus 107' (1313)Torsida 107
13'tf Gauntlet 107! 1303 Barney F 95
131ft Opponent 1041 (1311)Kssence JS
13H El Mido 107 i 115S Texarkana 104
1321 Ivrcochee 11*1 1302 Dare II 101
12:i Rio Chlco lOl!
Fifth race— Six furlong* ; all ages; selling.
1310 Merry Boy ....107 1305 Hungarian HO
l.m Matt Hogan ...104 130S Kingstelle 80
1275 Almoner 107 IK* Storm King ...110
1185 Anita B 104 1307 Mike Rice 113
130S Seide S3 1312 February 110
Sixth race — One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; purse.
1J13 Expedient S8i(1323) 'Wooster Boy ..100
1317 Headwater ....109: 1317 Imp. Mistral... 105
1*11 Goldone 1M| 12S5 True Blue 102
131ft Loconomo 37j 1304 Perseus 101
1238 Sntps 102 1315 Morlnel 102
1316 Jennie Reid 1021 1317 Flush of Gold. .100
Possible Winners.
First race— Faversham. Mary Kineella, Colo
nel Root.
Second race— El Sonoro, Roundhead. George
Dfwey
Third race— Donator, Proclamation, Free Paas.
Fourth race — Locochee, El Mldo, Opponent.
Fifth race— February. Hungarian, Storm
King.
Sixth race — Woester Boy, Morinel, Flash of
Gold.
Owner and trainer Sam H'.Hreth pent
three from his aggregation of oqulne
star* to the post a.t Oakland rrack yes
terday. He was compelled to accept a
very short price, but each came home
"throwing the bits away." Gonfalon
trudged along over a mile and a furlong
in l£Z& Rolling Boer made a set of
two-year-olds wonder what man"? town
he hailed from, and Wooster Boy, with a
catch on his back and under re«?fed sails,
covered "a mile and a sixteenth in 1:45V»
(equaling a coaM record), the fim mile
being stepped off in l:3$*i. Everything
favored fast performances, the weather
favoring of summertime and a track that
resembled the surface of a billiard table.
It came pretty easy for the talent, four
out of six favorites takins: purses, while
Pornplno. winner of the third event, was
a? well backed as any of the starters. A
large crowd was in attendance, and all
f-eemed possess* d of means.
Cnder the conditions of the mile and
e furlong run Gonfalon had only to
pick up Ifit pounds! and th*» books held
the three-year-old a 1 to 6 choice. Bull
nan took him out in front, and the tale
ha* no moral. H* won like a racehorse,
end Loeoehe-e. under Coburn's persuasive
rising, took the place by less than a
length from the heavily hacked The
Bobby. Owensboro. at his first essay,
displayed considerable speed.
Wooster Boy gave his exhibition of
rapid traveling in the concluding number.
He had Domink-k ar.d ninety-eight
pounds in the saddle, and Dunblane and
Fune!!o to smoother. A 3 to 5 favorite,
neither of the last named starters ever
pot close enough to even establish tele
phone communication with the Hildreth
horse. Dunblane was second throughout.
The opening: event fell to the 12. to 1
outsider. Coming Event, with Mounce up.
ivhich led from the start. In a drive
DomSnick landed Donator in the place, a
fcp&d before Dr. Bernays. Away poorly
Lost Girl, the favorite, sulked, never get
ting near the leaders.
"Dag-grie" Smith's Horton looked the
b^tt of the fix starters in the mile sell
ing affair, and was installed a pro
r.nuneed choice. Nicely rated to the
ft retch by Coburn, the little chestnut
•won hands down from Ping and Sir
Kingston.
In a very close finish Mounce. astride
Fompino. snatched the six-furlong scram
ble by a nose from Asian. The latter
made all the running, only to lose oot
the last 6tride. J. Walsh waited too long
v.ith Mocorito. the favorite, ending up
in third place.
Track Notes.
Handicapper Brooke assigned Rolling
Eoer 124 pounds in the San Francisco
handicap, at six furlongrs. for two-year
olds. He had a mediocre batch to sub
cue, and though shaken up. as usual,
through the stretch, won cleverly from
Articulate. Grafter ran a poor third.
Tim Murphy, one of the heaviest bet
ters on the Eastern tracks, got in town
Sunday night. Tim had a very success
ful ee&son booking and speculating both
*.t the Chicago, St. Louis and New York
courses, and began operations well at
Oakland yesterday by putting down a bet
on Pompino.
Tom Ryan will be here shortly with a
big stable of sixteen horses, among them
Count of Flanders, which, it is thought,
will stand training again. Nash Turner
cioes the riding and will be a welcome
addition to the jockey ranks.
Tim McCall, who books for George
Cartright; wa? a spectator and will take a
hand in the game before it becomess much
ender.
Herman Hoffman dropped in from St.
Louis Sunday night.
Aithough there was some talk of two
or thret books going off. seventeen cut in
fcgain. There teemed to be plenty of
business for all.
Hughey Jones bid Pompino up $500 after
the gelding had won the third event. The
nable bid the usual {5. retaining him.
Wooster Boy would have set a new Cali
fornia record had the distance been a
nile. for he covered that part of the
route in I:3'V As it was he equaled the
coast record for one mile and a sixteenth
-1:15V
J. W. Brooks was telling a good joke
*in himself yesterday. Some days ago,
after much importuning on the part of an
r gent, he finally concluded to take out a
policy in one of the big life insurance
companies. Occupation was given as a
handicapper. and he was surprised to
l'-arn yesterday th^ risk had been reject
ed. Mr. Brooks i? wondering now if he
•-tends in the same class as dynamite
manufacturers, aeronauts and north pole
«Jipcov«rers. and whether the officials of
the company fig-ured some overweighted
horse would kick him to death or dis
gruntled owner take recourse to the sand
bag.
Bullman wa? unable to get an ounce of
r;v*e<! out of Lost Girl. The mare broke
isFt of her field and then sulked.
If Sam Hildreth refused an $5000 offer
for Gonfalon before leaving New York.
p.s reported, ther«* peems to be no reason
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Monday, November 12, 1900.— Weather fine. Track fast.
Ittis. KXKST RACE— Seven furlongs: selling; three-year-old3 and upward; purBe, $300.
Time— H. :13; %. :36^; %, 1:01%; %, l:27tf. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner.
C. Earl & Co.'s b. f., by Imp. Calvados-Katrlnka. Coming Event cast a shadow before In
his previous race, but route was considered too far. Donator had worked well and was bet
on. Bernays Improving. Faversham quit early. Bogus Bill has bad knees and will do bet
ter on a heavy .track. Girl away badly and sulked. Scratched — Klckumbob 107, Uarda 107.
Cyril Jf£-____^___^_
1310. SECOND RACE-One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. |35O.
rime-^. JSU: & :<9%: *i. 1:15V4; mile, 1:42. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. J. McGovern's ch. h., by El nayo-Fuslllade's Last. Winner could have
taken luncheon en route and then won. Weight suited Ping. Sir Kingston a freaky runner.
Mitten not ready.
i:>«(>. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Time— U. :24: M. Mi %. 1:13- Go0<1 start. Won first three driving. Winner, S. Judge's b. g.,
by Puryear D-Sweet Peggy. Pomplno made, a great stretch run. Asian tired at the end.
Walsh on Mocorlto waited too long before 'making his ride. Boundlee had speed and will
be hard to beat in umbrella time. Sweet Caporal went out quick. Scratched— Goldone 107,
Plohn 104. Snips 104. Lomond 104, Sliver Garter 101.
iSSiT^FOURTH RACE— One mile and an eighth; three-year-olds and upward; purne, $400. .
Time— ii. :12S; «i. -Slhi: %. 1:02%; %. 1:2?; mile. 1:40^: lttm, 1:62&. Good start. Won hand
ily. Second and third driving. Winner, S. C. Hildreth's ch. c. by Fonso-FaJema. Gon
falon outclossed his playmates. Too much uee made of Tha Bobby first part, or he would
have been second. ,
1322. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; San Francisco handicap; two-year-olds; puree. $300.
Time — *4. :25^4; M. :49\4: K. 1:1*. Good start. Won all out. Second and third driving. Win
ner, W. M. CahlH's b.- c. by Dutch Roller-Woodranee. Articulate made the Boer play
checker*. Grafter performed poorly for him. Intrepldo had speed and ought to win one
shortly.
IZiUa. SIXTH RACE — One mile and a sixteenth; three-year-olde and upward; purse, $400.
Time— MS. :07; 6-16, :30H; 9-16, :54\; 13-18. 1:194; mn>. 1:38%: 1 l-18m, 1:K%. Good etart.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner. S. C. Hildreth's ch. g. by Imp. Water
cre»s-R*cemeae. Wooster Boy nearly rah out of his hide. Other two grew groggy and «iw
policeman without stare trying to catch him.
The substance of the remainder of the
afternoon's testimony was that the Court
Commissioner. Shepard. who, before
Noyes. presided over the only court in
Nome, and the military were supporting
the "Swedes" against the American*.
That when an American jumped a Swede's
claim because the Swede was not a citi
zen the Jumper had to prove his title be
fore he could hold on. That in fact Nome
was being made a place not for Ameri
cans, but for foreigners, who were gath
ering all the gold they had found, and
who were keeping American citizens from
their own. The sentiment up there among
the miners, said Chlpus. was that they
should have a "fair Judge" and should
not be governed by the military. What
thev wanted was a "fair Judge."
"They didn't get the flag until you got
Judge Noyes," was Pillsbury's equally
facetious reply, and then Geary returned
to the business of the cross-examination.
"The constitution did not follow the flap
into Alaska under Captain Walker then."
said Geary facetiously In this connection.
Then Geary had th* witness tell of a
miners* meeting that was brokenupbythe
soldiers. They met quickly, Chipps said,
to reorganize the district, and there was
no occasion for the presence or the action
of the military authorities; but when he
l»t slip the fact that the plan of reorgani
zation proposed Included the dispossessing
of several claim holders, the action of the
military was more easily understood.
Geary had the witness tell how the sol
diers ruthlessly put him off the discovery
claim under the rule Captain Walker, the
commandant, had adopted, and which by
inference Geary denounced, that Jumpers
must prove title before they would be al
lowed possession.
Before that. hdw*>ver. his contract with
the Knglish syndicate having expired, he
looked around tor locations for himself,
and finding that Discovery claim on AnvM
Creek was paying well, and that It was
located by men he thought were not citi
zens, he promptly vindicated his citizen
ship by Jumping it. He was told there
would be a flght over the title, but he be
lieved his title would stand before "any
fair Judge." This claim, with his others,
he turned over to McKenzie. Geary tried
hard to pet him to admit that McKenzie
refused the Discovery because there might
bo litigation over the title, but McKenzie
was evidently not refusing a good thing.
The witness could not remember that Mc-
Kenzle had ever refused to accept it. and
that he did not I? proved by the fact that
the claim w»a deeded to him and that
afterward, when he knew he was to- be
appointed receiver over It. to comply with
the proprieties McKenzie deeded the claim
to Hubbard.
Then the weary witness was turned
over to Geary to give the other side a
chance to see what could be done toward
repairing the breaches his evidence had
made in their case. The cross-examina
tion did little good, however, so Geary
went into more general subjects.
Under his questions Chipps told how he
went to Alaska first as an employe of the
Anglo-Alaskan Syndicate, an English con
cern that was seeking to open up the gold
fields to their own profit. Chipps and
about thirty others were sent to Alaska
to locate claims wherever they found a
»- ely gulch or creek, and in pursuance of
this Chipps located fourteen before his
contract expired, and the others, he sup
poses, each located as many more. But
the English syndicate suddenly went un
der with the death of its Alaskan man
ager, a man named Gurllng. and so Chipps
looked around for some one else who
would take his claims off his hands.
He found McKenzie and the Alaska Gold
Mining Company.
that he had never met Noyes might not
be altogether true.
Pillsbury then took up the trip to Nome
and the conversations the witness had
had with Noyes." Noyes evidently talked
very freely to him. for one of his inter
esting communications was that Chipps
should have a receiver appointed, for the
appointment of a receiver would brlns
those fighting him to time.
Chipps was then made to tell of the
beach property which was held by the
company. He said McKenzie had the men
working- on the beach arrested for tres
pass and had them brought before the
Court Commissioner, and while they were
thus held he entered upon their claims
with machinery and started to work
them. The machinery was not suitable,
however, so the deal was not much of a
success. ,
Methods of the Alaska Gold Mining Company
Told by Robert Chipps, Director and
Claim Jumper.
It was a hard day for the Alaska Gold
Mining Company before Commissioner
Heacock yesterday. Robert Chipps, one
of its directors and one of the, Nome
"Jumpers," was on the stand and he was
compelled to tell a great deal that the
company would rather had been kept se
cret. His testimony contradicts the state
ment of Senator Carter to the effect that
he had never met Noyes. He also ad
mitted that the company, a concern cap
italized at $15,000,000. had Its office in Mc-
Kenzle's room in a hotel; that McKenzie
was the company; that McKenzie knew
Noyes would be appointed before the ap
pointment was made, and that McKenzie
held over half of the stock of the com
pany when he was appointed receiver of
the Discovery claim. More about the ut
terances of Noyes while on his way to
Alaska and of his intentions was brought
out, and before Chipps was ready for
cross-examination by Geary there was
not much of the reputation of the com
pany remaining. •
The whole of the forenoon was occupied
by E. S. Pillsbury in winding Chippa
around his finger. Chipps swore that he
was Introduced by Alexander McKenzie to
Judge Noye3 in Washington, D.C., about
two months or six weeks before he arrived
in Nome, and Koyes informed him that he
was a candidate for the .vacant Judgeship
In the Nome District of Alaska. He told
Chipps that Senator Hansbrough of
North Dakota and Senator Carter of Mon
tana were his friends and were assisting
him In getting the appointment. Chipps
afterward met Judge Noycs at Seattle
after his appointment and had many talks
with him there and on the steamer about
the mining legislation in which the wit
ness was interested.
From Chicago Chipps went to New York
with Mr. Hubbard of the law rirm of Hub
bard, Beeman & Hume. Alexander Mc-
Kenzie was organizing the Alaska Min
Ing Company, and Chipps sold his mine
to McKenzie, receiving In exchange JT5u
cash and stock in the Alaska Mining Com
pany of the par value of J300.00U. The
company was capitalized for Jlo.OOO.OuO,
McKenzie taking fifty-one parts of the
stock for himself arid friends, names un
revealed. and giving the remaining forty
nine parts to Chipps and others, who sold
their mines to him. Blakeslee, Slade. Wa
ters. Webster, Leonard, Fisher and Kes
ter of Nome turned over their claims to
tho company! taking stock for the same.
The office of the- company was Mc-
Kenzie's private room in a hotel in New
York City. The stock book containing
the certificates was put by the witness
into the custody of Kennedy. Todd &. Co..
bankers in New York. 'All the parties had
made an agreement with • McKenzie and
Hubbard that the certificates of stocK
ehould not be taken out of tho book until
this fall.
The witness met McKenzie and Judge
Xoyes in Seattle with the whole court
staff. McKenzie came on the same train
from the East with Judge Noyes. On the
way to Nome from Seattle Judge Noye3
said that he had heard of these cases
and he supposed that Chipps would have
a receiver appointed. Judge Noyes recom
mended the employment of Dudley Du
bois and Thomas J. Geary because they
were good lawyers. After McKenzie haa
been appointed receiver he suggested to
Chipps that he should take back the deed
he had given to McKenzie and give it to
Hubbard.
"You were a dummy in that case; were
n'tyou?" asked Mr. Pillsbury.
"Well, rather," replied Chipps.
"You were merely a figurehead In those
proceedings after you got there and made
this deed to Mr. Hubbard?" persisted the
relentless Pillsbury.
"I might have been that," was the re
ply. "I don't know whether I was or
not."
The witness went on to pay that the
persons claiming the Lane property wer»
jumpers, and were to have stock in the
company.
Chipps said he met Hansbrouph and
Carter in "Washington and they were in
company with McKenzie and Noyes. The
four talked topether. This was brought
out by Mr. Pillsbury to show that the pub
lished statement by Carter to the effect
MeKENZIE HOLDS STOCK
AND TRADES FOR CLAIMS
PUNISHED FOR -STRIKING
A CHINESE IN COURT
SALINAS, Nov. 12.— Philip Moore, a
well-known citizen of Pajaro, will serve
300 days in the County Jail for striking a
Chinese while in court. Moore was ar
rested for ! having assaulted a Mongo
lian and was arraigned before a Justice.
After hearing the evidence on both sides
the . complaint was sustained and Moore
sentenced to pay a fine.
Upon hearing , his ¦ sentence Moore cre
ated a sensation by rushing at a Chinese
spectator and felling him to the floor with
a terrible blow on the neck. He was seized
by several men and the Judge sentenced
him to 800 days in the County Jail. '
DATE OF LAUNCHING OF
OHIO POSTPONED
Scotts Grant Los Angeles' Request So
That McKinley May Attend
the Fiesta. I
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 12.— The Mer
chants' and Manufacturers' Association of
Los Angoles recently addressed a commu
nication to Irving M. Scott of the Union
Iron Works, San Francisco, requesting
that the launching of the battleship Ohio
set for April 16. 1901. be postponed for a
few days. The request was made so that
President McKinley might be present at
La Fiesta de las Flores, a flower carnival
to be given here from the 24th to the 27th
of April. Mr. Scott has replied, assenting
to the proposed postponement of the
launching of tho battleship, and it is now
confidently expected that President Mc-
Kinley will visit Los Angeles Immediate
ly after that event.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1900.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
4
1 l Po l
Index Horse, Age, Weight. I PstlSt.
K.
[%•
Str.
Fin. I Jockeys. I Op.
Fin.
Jockeys.
, Betting »
Op. HI. Cl. PI.
- Bettl
HI.
Ing
Cl.
PL
12U7 Coming Event, 3.. 107 6 3
1200 Donator, 5 107 9 4
1303 Or. Bernays, 5.. ..107 3 6
1311 IMoringa, 5 107 8 7
1S09 |The Singer, S 107 4 6
12H3 IFaversham, 4 110 1 2
1205 iBopus Bill, 3 107 2 1
1303 fMeadow Lark, a.. 109 7 8
1293 ILost Girl. 6 107 5 9
1 1
5 2
9
6 h
4 1
3 h
2 V,
8 2
7 1
1 2
3 2
9
6 1
2 2
71
8 3
6 1
1 3
2 Vi
6 1
4 H
3 h
71
< 1
9
8 1
1 2 Mounce 8
2 h Dominlck ... 5
3 1H Vlckery .... 12
4 1 Stuart 6
6 G Kll€y 16
6 2 Coburn *8
7 1 Gaftney 15
8 8 J. Woods.... 8
9 Bullman . . .. 8-6
12
6
20
7
25
10
25
9
6-2
12
4
SO
7
25
8
12
9
6-2
4
8-5
8
6-2
10
4
5
3
9-10
ndex |Hor»e, Age, Weight.
|Po.
. Pst St
Fin.
Jockeys.
I Op.
- Betting —
Hi. Cl.
Vl.
*4.
Str.
PI
13P2
128J
1303
i:«6
Horton. 4 104
Ping. 5 flS
Sir Kingston. 3. ..104
Limelight. 5 106
Mitten. 3 PS
SoclHlist. 5 110
2 1
3 2
5 3
1 4
4 6
6 5
3h 4 1
1 IV* 1 2
2 1 3 H
6 1 5h
6 6
4 1 2 h
1 h
2 1
S 1
4 H
5 h
6
1 2
2 h
3 3
* Vt
5 3
6
Coburn .....
Stuart
J. Martin....
Kiley
J. Ualy
Fallehy
4-5
8
3
10
6
8
1
12
1S-5
12
12
20
4-5
12
18-5
12
12
20
1-
4-
| ~ jPo.l
ndex Horse and Weight. Pst St
I
[ndex Horse and Weight. I
12«2 Fomplno. 4 104
123S Asian, 8 107
1312 Mocorito, 4 9S
12S2 Hish Hoe. 5 100
1297 Boundlee. 3 99
1X04 Pupil, 3 108
12S2 Swept Caporai, 4.. 102
Po.
Pst St.
4 1
3 3
6 r.
s 4
7 6
1 7
6 S
13
57
2 K
3 b
4 h
7
H
%¦ Str.
6 4 6 4
12 13
3 M 3h
2 H4 4 h
4 h 2 h
5 > 2 6 8
7 7
%.
Str,
,. Betting
Fin. Jockey*. Op. Hi. Cl. PL
Ins Mounce 4 6 4 7-5
2 2 Coburn 6 7 7 5-2
3 « J. AValsh.... B-2 5-2 11-5 1
4 H Dominlck ... 4 6 5 8-5
B 4 Buchanan .. 6 8 6 6-2
6 hi Ransch S 8 8 3
7 J. Daly 15 25 25 8
I l Po -l
ndex Horse, Age, Weight. Pst St.
H..
%.
8tr.
I, Betting;
Op. hi. ci. pi.
Fin.
Jockeys.
1315) Gonfalon. 3 108
1301 Locochee. 4 99
1304 The Bobby. 8 95
1315 Edgardo, 3 90
12?6 Rio Chico. 4 99
.... Owensboro, 4 .... 83
10S3 Tappan. 6 93
2 1
1 2
3 7
7 5
& 6
6 i
4 3
23
6 2
4 H
6 2
3 2
1 n
7
7*
3 h
6 h
41
22
< 1
1 n
8 4
2 2
4 M
6 1
• 6 M
11
2 %
a 8
4 3
5 2
6 S
_7
Bullman .".-
Coburn .,...
Dominlck ...
J. Martin
Mounee
Ransch
W. Burk
1-6
15
6
15
15
10
to
1-6
-25
10
20
40
SO
60
1-6
25
10
20
40
80
60
7-11
¦|
1
1!
Index Horw and "Weight.
1305) Rollins Boer 124
1184 Articulate 104
1314 Grafter 10S
119S Intrepldo 92
130$ I,ucera 95
" Po. r
Pst St. Vt. %. Btr. Fin. Jockeys.
131 4h 46 2n 1\ Bullman ....
124 3 2 21 8 2 2 12 J. Walsh....
; 4 3 6 6 6 S h Mounce
: 6 5 3h lh in 44 J. Daly
• 1 2 In 3 n 1,4 6 R&nsch
, Betting
OP. HI. Cl.
Op.
1-5
8
5
SO
20
— Bett:
HI.
1-5
¦ n
13-2
60
80
tiny —
Cl.
1-5
12
13-2
CO
30
PI
PI.'
4-6
8-10
10
3
j
I l Po -
ndex Horse, Age. Weight. P«t St.
U.
H.
Str
\r Bettlnjr —
I Op. Hi. Cl.
Fin.
Jockeys.
PI
1317 WooKter Boy, «..
:iZ<^~) Dunblane. 3
1297) Sunello. 3
.. 9K
.101
.103
8 S
2 1
1 2
1 14 1 5
2 6 2 7
8 3
15
2 10
s
110
2 8
3
Domlnlck .. 4-6
Mounce 8-5
J. Walsh.... *
1
3
4
8-5
5-2
4
1-1
1-3
8-5
1 l Po l
Index Horse, Age, Weight. I PstlSt.
K.
[%•
Str.
Fin. I Jockeys. I Op.
Fin.
Jockeys.
, Betting »
Op. HI. Cl. PI.
- Bettl
HI.
Ing
Cl.
PL
12U7 Coming Event, 3.. 107 6 3
1200 Donator, 5 107 9 4
1303 Or. Bernays, 5.. ..107 3 6
1311 IMoringa, 5 107 8 7
1S09 |The Singer, S 107 4 6
12H3 IFaversham, 4 110 1 2
1205 iBopus Bill, 3 107 2 1
1303 fMeadow Lark, a.. 109 7 8
1293 ILost Girl. 6 107 5 9
1 1
5 2
9
6 h
4 1
3 h
2 V,
8 2
7 1
1 2
3 2
9
6 1
2 2
71
8 3
6 1
1 3
2 Vi
6 1
4 H
3 h
71
< 1
9
8 1
1 2 Mounce 8
2 h Dominlck ... 5
3 1H Vlckery .... 12
4 1 Stuart 6
6 G Kll€y 16
6 2 Coburn *8
7 1 Gaftney 15
8 8 J. Woods.... 8
9 Bullman . . .. 8-6
12
6
20
7
25
10
25
9
6-2
12
4
SO
7
25
8
12
9
6-2
4
8-5
8
6-2
10
4
5
3
9-10
ndex |Hor»e, Age, Weight.
|Po.
. Pst St
Fin.
Jockeys.
I Op.
- Betting —
Hi. Cl.
Vl.
*4.
Str.
PI
13P2
128J
1303
i:«6
Horton. 4 104
Ping. 5 flS
Sir Kingston. 3. ..104
Limelight. 5 106
Mitten. 3 PS
SoclHlist. 5 110
2 1
3 2
5 3
1 4
4 6
6 5
3h 4 1
1 IV* 1 2
2 1 3 H
6 1 5h
6 6
4 1 2 h
1 h
2 1
S 1
4 H
5 h
6
1 2
2 h
3 3
* Vt
5 3
6
Coburn .....
Stuart
J. Martin....
Kiley
J. Ualy
Fallehy
4-5
8
3
10
6
8
1
12
1S-5
12
12
20
4-5
12
18-5
12
12
20
1-
4-
| ~ jPo.l
ndex Horse and Weight. Pst St
I
[ndex Horse and Weight. I
12«2 Fomplno. 4 104
123S Asian, 8 107
1312 Mocorito, 4 9S
12S2 Hish Hoe. 5 100
1297 Boundlee. 3 99
1X04 Pupil, 3 108
12S2 Swept Caporai, 4.. 102
Po.
Pst St.
4 1
3 3
6 r.
s 4
7 6
1 7
6 S
13
57
2 K
3 b
4 h
7
H
%¦ Str.
6 4 6 4
12 13
3 M 3h
2 H4 4 h
4 h 2 h
5 > 2 6 8
7 7
%.
Str,
,. Betting
Fin. Jockey*. Op. Hi. Cl. PL
Ins Mounce 4 6 4 7-5
2 2 Coburn 6 7 7 5-2
3 « J. AValsh.... B-2 5-2 11-5 1
4 H Dominlck ... 4 6 5 8-5
B 4 Buchanan .. 6 8 6 6-2
6 hi Ransch S 8 8 3
7 J. Daly 15 25 25 8
I l Po -l
ndex Horse, Age, Weight. Pst St.
H..
%.
8tr.
I, Betting;
Op. hi. ci. pi.
Fin.
Jockeys.
1315) Gonfalon. 3 108
1301 Locochee. 4 99
1304 The Bobby. 8 95
1315 Edgardo, 3 90
12?6 Rio Chico. 4 99
.... Owensboro, 4 .... 83
10S3 Tappan. 6 93
2 1
1 2
3 7
7 5
& 6
6 i
4 3
23
6 2
4 H
6 2
3 2
1 n
7
7*
3 h
6 h
41
22
< 1
1 n
8 4
2 2
4 M
6 1
• 6 M
11
2 %
a 8
4 3
5 2
6 S
_7
Bullman .".-
Coburn .,...
Dominlck ...
J. Martin
Mounee
Ransch
W. Burk
1-6
15
6
15
15
10
to
1-6
-25
10
20
40
SO
60
1-6
25
10
20
40
80
60
7-11
¦|
1
1!
Index Horw and "Weight.
1305) Rollins Boer 124
1184 Articulate 104
1314 Grafter 10S
119S Intrepldo 92
130$ I,ucera 95
" Po. r
Pst St. Vt. %. Btr. Fin. Jockeys.
131 4h 46 2n 1\ Bullman ....
124 3 2 21 8 2 2 12 J. Walsh....
; 4 3 6 6 6 S h Mounce
: 6 5 3h lh in 44 J. Daly
• 1 2 In 3 n 1,4 6 R&nsch
, Betting
OP. HI. Cl.
Op.
1-5
8
5
SO
20
— Bett:
HI.
1-5
¦ n
13-2
60
80
tiny —
Cl.
1-5
12
13-2
CO
30
PI
PI.'
4-6
8-10
10
3
j
I l Po -
ndex Horse, Age. Weight. P«t St.
U.
H.
Str
\r Bettlnjr —
I Op. Hi. Cl.
Fin.
Jockeys.
PI
1317 WooKter Boy, «..
:iZ<^~) Dunblane. 3
1297) Sunello. 3
.. 9K
.101
.103
8 S
2 1
1 2
1 14 1 5
2 6 2 7
8 3
15
2 10
s
110
2 8
3
Domlnlck .. 4-6
Mounce 8-5
J. Walsh.... *
1
3
4
8-5
5-2
4
1-1
1-3
8-5
Or. P/orco's Favorite Prm»*sr//ttlon
Is a woman's medicine. It cures
diseases of tho womanly organs. It
Ik ¦¦ '->ndcrful modlclno for moth-
an © naklntr thu baby'm mdvent
practically painless and giving
abundant strength to aurso and
nourish tho child.
"I am the mother of
five children," "writes
Mrs. S. E. Rose, of
Big Otter, "West Va.,
"and have been as
liigh as eight days in
the doctor's hands,
and never less than
two days with any
child until the last.
Then I had used two
bottles of Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription
and was only two
hours in the hands
of the doctor."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR.
MEYERS
&G0.,
SPECIAUSTS_FOR MEN.
ESTABLISHED 1S81.
Largest Institution. Most Ex-
tensive Practice. Consultation
Free.
We cure Lost Manhood and
weakness which accompanies It.
also Private Diseases. Varico-
cele, . Stricture,. Blood Poison,
Diseases of the Kidneys. Blad-
der, etc.
Patients may pay when well
or in monthly Installments.
Home Cares & Specialty.
Private book free at office or
by mall. Correspondence confi-
dential.
ELEVATOR |7Q1
ENTRANCE. | lOl
MARKET STREET, 1 Hours-S to 5. Dally.
SAN PRANCI8CO. | E2EVW!
ADVEBTTSEMIINTSw
SIOK MEA0A0H1
Foefstvui? enrea bytbeso
, .Little Pills.
TleyabortBeve Distress &txa Tijwpopdml
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eatfag. A per-
fectxexxady fcr Dizsfoess, Nausea, Drowri.
ness, BadTastetatbe Mouth, Coated Tbngnfc
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Rfljulate the Bowd* Purely Vegetable. , ;
Small Pill. small Dose.
Smat! Price.'
We will J>ay $25 to any .on« who cannot b«
cured with one box of VERU3 PILE CURE
Price $2.
Over 60W cures. No etaimant for re-wart
"I am sure my case of piles was as bad ai
¦ny case could be. I ha<1 them flft-en yea^s
and tried all aorta of remedies. I saw th*
Veros Pile Cure advertlse-i, bought a bos. with
little hope of a cure. Imagine my surprise
when flve applications cured me. It !> the
best in the world. J. MCVRTUSOV
"Salt Lake City. Utah."
VERUS PILE CURE CO., RE 226, Wilson DIOClC
Or Ellington Drug Co.. Agents. Los Angeles.
ONE pnnrcl
/¦^^ggpi^ bottle LUnhos
/ MCBURNEY'S 5
/ TF* * {)w ** 1U " e J CURE I
*£\ tyy thorough cure iorf
R"| I £ pains in tha back, <
Cj A. BRICHT'S DISEASE. I]
24 r /^ female troubles. incon-E
tfueaco of urine, brick dnst deposits, bed>B
vetting of children, gravel, gall stones, fi
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism. ;fl
Thousands endorse it Write for tflBtiTTlfV BS
nials. Price $1.50. All Druggists. },
W. F. McBurney, Sole Manufacturer, l^
418 South Spring St., Los Angeles, CaL gj
RUPTURE CURED.
When we «ay "rupture cured" w» mean it.
for Jt Is a fact that durtnsr the past 20 years
L>R. PIERCE'S MAGNETIC ELASTIC TTtUSS
has CURED thousands of cases. Nothing elan
1'ke It. Best retainer made. It does the work.
Inrestigate for yourself. (ErCall for "Book-
let . No. 1." or send 2 cents in stamps. Ad-
"magnetic elastic truss co.,
«2O Market Street. San Frarciaeo,
Or 114.% Broadway. New York City.
Avisr* OR JORDAN'S orcat^
ShUSEUM OF AUA10SY*
T *TT Tho LarjMt Anacotr.icil Miuautn in ti>e \
B i 'nj^ i, World. V> e«kntisat o> *.iy contracted ft
* fjs S j bpsciaiiitCiiU*. Costt. Est.j5-oar» •$)
£ fl&SlK DR.JOSDA>*-??.riATc 0<SEA3ES 4
\ JtffJ^il CoBiuItatien frm *r.d jtrv tiy pnv»:s \
J\ j Jj*{H Tnirment personally or by letter A A
\ fl 7 Ml *•«»"«•• Cureix e»ery casenn.^mien. T
#ll \\B> Write for Book. PCII.OltUVUitl >
I 3 \\w nABnM«e, mailso vrxb. : a r
X Q y, valuable book fe* taeaj \
I " DU JUBDAK A CO.. 1C5! AXarfcat SL.S. F. W
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
• OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— or the: —
Helvetia Swiss
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL. SWITZERLAND. ON THS
Jlst day of December. A. D. 1S33. and fop
the year ending on that day. as made to tht*
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the Provisions of Sections
610 and «11 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company J63S.K3 "^
Cash In Company's Office '<R3 73
Cash in Banks «. 10S.6S3 41
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Leans 3.131 *?
Premiurr.s in due Course of Collection. lOT.li! 7S
i Total Assets J9I6.CI 31
\ LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted ar.d unpaid .". S18.522 53
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense rs.473 ~1
! Losses resisted. Including expenses.... 5,947 S3
Gross premiums on Ftre Rl*t» ran-
nlns one year or less. t375,ri2 47;
reinsurance SO per cent 1S3.CI 24
Gross premiums on Fire Risk* run-
i . nlng more thsn one year. $113,438 92:
I reinsurance pro rat* (W.920 \H
\ Commissions and Brokerage due ar.d
to become due 21.3S1 2?
All other demands airalnst the com-
pany 20.441 DI
Total Liabilities .J3S7"lO9 12
. |
1NCO5IE. *
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $423,113 *3
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks. Leans and from all
other sources ?7.1Sl is
Total Income tVO.ZTT -«|
EXPENDITTRES. "~ ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding I24.S24 S3. losses of previous
years) J263.3S7 *7
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 114.3tb 87
Paid for Salaries. Feet and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 3.000 tt
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes ft, ns* 5
AH other payments and expenditures. 17.3X8 "21
Total Expenditures WW.1S7 ?o
LOSSES to cur red during: the year 13 is. :itn •>;
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium*.
Xet amount of Risks
written during the
y***" SS9.94O.9OO JS30.M9 43
Net amount of Risks •*«.<»» «
expired during the
,*«« 47.04S.M9 «7.K3 38
Net amount In force »".*» at
December 31. 1899 ( 47.«U.439 430. 239 3»
SAML. r.. WEED of Weed ft Kennedy.
United States Manager*.
Subscribed ar.d sworn to before me. this 27U.
day t>« January. 1900. T. FISHBECK.
Notary Public
SYZ & CO., General Agents,
801 California Street.A New Fire-Extinguisher.
A scientist suggests that milk be used to ex
tinguish the names of burning kerosene, be
cause "mlllc- forms an emulsion with the oil,
which ymakes it accomplish its object more
quickly." The best medicine to quickly cure
constipation, indigestion, dyspepsia, bilious
ness or flatulency, is Hostetter'a Stomach Bit
ters. It Is the only genuine stomach remedy,
and has a record of over fifty years of cure'*.
Try It also for malaria, fever and ague, and be
convinced. . '¦,- •¦.-".•¦
Brewers' Union Active in Prosecution
of the Prisoner.
SECOND TEIAL OF BEGEBOW.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 12.— The second trial of
Fred Bcgrerow, the Alvlso constable, who
while intoxicated shot and killed Joseph
Cech and August Berger at the brewers*
picnic here on July 15; began in Judge
Lorlgan's court to-day. The murder of
Joseph Cech Is the case at Issue. Bege
row was placed on trial about a month
ago and the case had gone along almost
to argument when' "Benny" Benjamin,
one of the Jurors, fled to Australia. There
was nothing to do hut dismiss the case
and start all over again. •
Most of the day was taken up in ob
talninp a Jury. Ralph Peters was the first
witness. One witness was examined. The
Brewers' Union Is taklnR an active inter
est In the prosecution of Begerow.
New Steamship Line.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 12.-A steamer line
will shortly ply between San Francisco,
Port Costa and San Rafael. Primarily the
gasoline schooner Kid will be put on,
making repular dally trips, but as occa
sion demands the service will be Improved.
M. S, llotchkiss will be the San Rafael
agent, and the vessel will dock at Era
barcadero, sUsnuy to tne west ot this v clty.
The first speaker was C. M. Marrack,
president of the student body, who took
the opportunity of expressing the grati
tude of the student» to the voters of Cali
fornia, who had dealt so kindly by their
college. It was their first chance, he said,
to tell what they thought of Stanford Uni
versity, and that they fully appreciated
the value of its work was shown by the
enormous majority which it received' at
the polls. •
Charles L. Lewers. '96, who had super
vision of the campaign waged In behalf
of the amendment by the students, told
of the loyalty of the alumni and gave a
resume of the general vote.
J. K. Shi:<>han and George E. Crothers.
nK-mbers of the first class to graduate
from Stanford, were called upon. The
The celebration opened with a torch
light procession. Headed by the univer
sity band, the students paraded the
quadrangle :uid leading avenues of the
campus, finally gathering about a huge
bonfire on the varsity oval. The bleach
ers on the side lines were already crowded
with those who had gathered to witness
the enthusia.sm and hear the speeches of
the men who had helped in the fight for
thetr alma mater. ,
STANFORD T'XIYERSITT, Nov. 12.—
More than a thousand students and hun
dreds of friends of Stanford University
Joined tc-niprht in celebrating the victory
of the Stanford constitutional amend
ment. It was the biggest demonstration
since llarch, ISD6. when the Supreme
Court decided the contest over the Stan
ford millions in favor of the university.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
former related some of the amusing Inci
dents of the campaigning done in the
Latin quarter. Crothers reviewed the his
tory of the amendment, pointed out the
necessity of such relief and showed that
I the future welfare of the university had
| been insured by*;the loyalty of the stUr
d.«-nts and the generosity of the friends of
higher education throughout California.
Professor Burt E. Howard closed the
speaking in a. talk full of humor and sent
iment. His appeal to the students to
make the most of the opportunity offered,
so that Stanford would become more cele
brated for the men and women it turned
out than for its millions of endowment,
was especially well received.
President Jordan was unexpectedly
called away, but left a message of con
gratulations to the students and friends
of the university and of gratitude to the
people of the State.
Rejoicing at San Diego.
SAN* D1P;GO. Nov. 12.— The election ol
McKinley and Roosevelt on last Tuesday,
when this county gave nearly 1200- ma
jority for the Republican ticket out of
a total vote of about 5500, was ratified this
evening at a meeting held on the D street
plaza under the auspices of the Army and
Navy Republican League. General Mor
gan Camp of Confederate Veterans was
invited to be present and participated in
the meeting. Preceding It there was: a
display of fireworks and red fire. which
discounted anything seen here during the
campaign. Short addresses were made to
a crowd which numbered 2500 persons. .
One Thousand Students and Hundreds of
Visitors Participate in a Jollification
on the Varsity Oval.
STANFORD EXULTS OVER
SUCCESS OF AMENDMENT
CONSTABLES PURSUE
AND ARBEST ELOPERS
Fresno Youth and Modesto Girl Ap
prehended and Returned to
Their Homes.
STOCKTON, Nov. 12.— "R. F. Smith and
wife, Fresno."
Thus wrote a young man on the Com
mercial Hotel register yesterday. With
him was a pretty girl. "R. F. Smith and
wife" proved to be none other than an
eloping young pair from the south. The
young man's right name was McCallum,
and he is said to have come from Fresno,
while the alleged wife was a Modesto
girl. •
According to the story, which was
known but imperfectly by the constables
who pursued and captured the erring pair,
the young lady did not return home at an
early hour Saturday evening, and on her
parents making inquiries they learned
that she had left on the train bound for
Stockton. Early next morning there were
two constables on their trail. One was
acting for the parents of the young girl
and the other for those of the so-called
husband. The arms of the law arrived
here in the forenoon and located the pair
at the Commercial. One of the consta
bles knocked at their apartments and the
young man answered timidly. He did not
know that the game was up until he
opened the door and the constable had
him cornered. The elopers were told to
prepare to be taken back on the next
train. In vain they pleaded; the officers
were obdurate. On<» constable took the
noon train on the Southern Pacific line
with the girl and the other waited for the
12:30 Santa Fe. on which he took the
young man back.
•McCallum said that they intended to set
married in Stockton, but admitted that
they had been outgeneraled, and that the
ceremony had been deferred too long.
QUARREL OVER A DOG
, LEADS TO A KILLING
Cause of the Shooting of "Walter S.
Tull by William B. Holman
at Bellota.
STOCKTON, Nov. 12.-\Valter Sherman
Tull of Linden, who was shot early last
evening- by William Benjamin Holman of
,Milton at a saloon in Bellota. died three
hours later. Holman. who is a farmer 63
years of age, had been drinking heavily,
it Is reported, and was In a quarrelsome
mood. Tull is said to have been sober.
The two men became Involved in a quar
rel over the ownership of a dog Hot
words were exchanged. Tull took a step
toward Holman and the latter drew a re
volver and shot the Linden man through
the head. Tull lived a short time, but
was unable to speak. He died In the sa
loon where he ¦was shot. Holman pave
himself up to Constable Middlecoff of Lin
den, who started with his prisoner for
this city.
News of thekillinir was telephoned from
Linden to the Sheriffs office and Deputies
Mark Smith and Black started for the
scene of the shooting. A few miles out of
town they met Constable* Middlecoff with
Holman. Tho latter was turned 'over to
the deputies and was lodged In jail in
this city. , ¦ ¦
Coroner Clark and Deputy District At
torney McNoble went to Bellota this
morning and held an Inquest over the
body ofTull. The Jury brought in a ver
dict In accordance with the facts.
PETALUMA, • Nov. 12.— Adam Becker, an
aged German, was seriously injured yesterday
by the explosion of a bomb. The bomb was
thrown toward him by gome one In a crowd
that had participated in the ratification of Sat
urday nfeht. . It exploded close to his face.
Two deep cuts were made across his forehead
and his eyes were Injured by the flash.
SAN DIEGO TO OWN
ITS WATER SYSTEM
Corporations Accept the Three Propo
sitions Made by the City
Council.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 12.— Nearly a month
ago the Council passed three ordinances,
one offering $500,000 for the distributing
plant of the San Diego Water- Company,
a second offering to purchase for $100,000
the distributing plant of the Southern Cal
ifornia Mountain Water Company, as far
as it has been put in, and the third offer
ing to purchase the city's supply for five
years to come from the Southern Cali
fornia Mountain Water Company, to be
delivered at some specified point on the
eastern boundary of the city. The replied
of the companies were requested within
thirty days, but the plans were pretty
thoroughly understood before the ordi
nances were passed and the companies
have not taken the full time allotted.
To-night, by communications to the Coun
cil, the three propositions were acceDted
as far as the companies could accept them
and It was explained on the part of the
companies that every effort would be
made to further the plans of the Council
to get the water question settled through
municipal ownership. The communica
tions were referred to the special water
committee, which has had charge of the
present negotiations, and the City.Attor
ney 'was directed to hasten the prepara
tions for carrying Into effect the plans
proposed. The special committee 'will
meet on Wednesday night to consider the
replies.
SHOOTS AT THE GROUND
AND HITS INSANE MAN
flected Upward and Gives Him
a Serious Wound.
Bullet Fired to Scare a Lunatic Is De-
PHOENIX. Ariz., Nov. 12.— Deputy
Sheriff H. J. Bargeman of Navajo County
arrived here this morning with Robert
McCourtland. committed to the Territo
rial Insane Asylum. At the asylum Mc-
Courtland attempted to escape. Know
ing his fear of a revolver, the deputy, in
tending to frighten him, fired at the
ground. The bullet glanced and hit Mc-
Courtland in the hip, passing through the
body and coming out of the upper left
breast. His condition is precarious.
Bargeman was Arrested and held for an
examination merely as a matter of form.
His story that he shot at the ground was
borne out by the direction of the bullet.
It hit the ground and was deflected up
ward.
Twelve Years for Murder.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 12.— G. Bovarlo,
who was found guilty of murder in the
second degree a few weeks ago, was sen
tenced to-day to twelve years In San
Quentin. Bovario is supposed to have
killed his partner. A. Luccatelll, in Mis
sion Canyon, above GuernevUle, early in
the summer. Shortly after Bovarlo's
disappearance his partner's body was
found beneath a pile of wood. The two
men were woodchoppers.
Run Down by a Train.
ORLAND, Nov. 12.— The Oregon express
struck and killed Ezekiel Lewis, a section
employe on the Southern Pacific Railroad,
at 2 o'clock to-day as ihe train ap
proached a point two miles north of tov.-n.
Lewis noticed that a tie had, been left on
the track and rushed to remove it. Just
as he grasped the tie the p'lot of the en
gine struck him, killing him Instantly.
Lewis lived at Buttc City.
LOSEB IN LITIGATION
AGAINST HIS BROTHER
Court Dismisses Carlos Arguello's
Suit for Valuable Property .
in San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 12,-iThe fight between
Carlos and James Arguello, the sons of
Don Luis Antonio Arguello. for the pos
session of a valuable piece of business
property in this city was ended in Judge
Rhodes 1 court to-day. The rich old Span
iard, who took an active part in the early
history of California, died a few years
ago at Santa Clara. Before his demise
he deeded most of his property away, in
June, 1SP5. he gave James Arguello a deed
to the Luis block on First street, near
San Fernando, reserving a life interest
for himself. The property is worth $50,
000 to $75.'.hio. On the death of the father
Carlos Arguello, the oldest son, who had
not received as much as the other chil
dren, began a suit to have the deed to
James set aside on the ground that James
had influenced his father against the
plaintiff, and that the old don had not
the legal capacity to make the deed. This
suit was lost on demurrer, and then his
attorney filed another on the same
grounds.
When the second suit was ready for
trial before Judge Hyland Carlos Arguel
lo's attorneys dismissed It and filed a new
action. In this they alleged that the deea
to James ArKuello was only one of trust
and was with the understanding that at
the death of the father one-half of the
property was to go to Carlos.
The- sarre tactics of dismissing the suit
wore tried again to-day. When the case
was called before Judge Rhodes It was
announced a dismissal had been filed,
leaving the plaintiff open to file a new
suit. The attorneys for James Arguello
urged that the case be tried and the court
took the same view. Neither the plain
tiff nor his attorneys were present.
James Arguello and Luis Arques, who
drew the deed, testified that the deed was
a positive one and the father had said
so at the time of making it.
Judge Rhodes then ordered judgment
for James Arguello.
FEDERAL COURT BEGINS
SESSIONS AT FRESNO
First Term of the Northern Division
of the Southern District of
California.
FRESNO, Nov. 12.— Lawyers and liti
gants in the- Pan Joaquin "Valley were
made happy to-day by the opening for tho
first time of the northern division of the
Southern District of the United States
Court in this city. The commodious
rooms in the courthouse that were former
ly occupied by Department 3 of the
Superior Court and more recently by the
District Attorney, have been fitted up In
a suitable manner for the transaction of
Federal Court tusiness.
This morning almost all the members of
the Fresno bar were present In the new
courtroom. At 10:30 o'clock Judge Well
born too his seat, and United States
Marshal Osborne in due form declared the
United States District Court in session.
The following members of the bar were
admitted to practice in the District Court
on motion and presentation of Supreme
Court certificates: George W. Jones, F.
E. Cook, II. M. Johnson. Alva E. Snow
an . J. P. Strother. There were no ex parte
matters for hearing and the District Court
was declared closed and the United States
Circuit Court declared oponed.
On motion and presentation of Supreme
Court certificates Messrs. N. H. Peterson,
George W. Jones, F. E. Cook. Edgar S.
Van Meter. H. M. Johnson, Alva K. Snow
and J. P. Strother were admitted to prac
tice in this court. Truman G. Hart was
named as District Court Jury Commis
sioner. In conjunction with the clerk of
the court he will prepare the names of
persons who are eligible to s^rvo as
jurors.
It was thought that the sessions of the
court would continue for at least two
weeks. But this will not be so. All of the
trespass cases will be brought before the
Grand Jury now in session in Los An
geles, the court holding that It had no
authority to impanel two juries at the
same time. The business before the court
will probably be finished to-morrow.
»
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Appointments and List of
Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12 —Postmasters
corrimlssioned: Oregon — Edward Howe,
Belknap Springs; Frank E. Osfield. "West
Portland. Postofflces discontinued: Cali
fornia—Ashton, Lassen County, mall
should be sent to Madeline; Bidwells Bar,
Butte County, mail should be sent to Ber
ry Creek. Postmaster appointed: "Wash
ington— Mossy Creek, Lewis County. Wil
liam W. Benson, vice Mrs. Belle Peters,
resigned.
Pensions granted: California — Original-
Arthur C. Seidell. Arcata. $6. "Widows-
Minors of Marshall Root, Sunnyside. ?12;
Mary A. Baker, San Juan, $8; Mary Emily
Coffman, Sunnyside. $8.
Oregon— Original— Silas Dickerson, Cor
nelius. $6: Charles C. Olwell. Perry, $6. In
crease—Samuel H. Dunlap. Talent, $12.
Washington— Original— Hiram McManls
Wilbert, $8. Increase— James Stipe, Spo
kane. $6. Widows— Ellen Sutherland, Van
couver, $12.
Telegraphers Demand More Pay.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 12.— It Is reported
here that the telegraph operators of the
Santa Fe, Southern California and Santa
Fe and San Joaquln Valley railroads have
presented an ultimatum to General Man
ager Nevin demanding a restoration of
wages to the scale existing prior to 1892
It* is believed that the Ufflculty will be
amicably adjusted, and no one conversant
with the situation will admit even the pos
sibility of a striken
Seaham at Mare Island.
VAL.LEJO. Nov. ll— Naval Constructor
Seaham arrived at the Mare Island. Navy
Yard this morning and reported for duty
aa head of the construction and repair
department. He succeeds Naval Construc
tor F." Hit***" v * ' '"" *
Special Dispatch to The Call
WHEATLAND, Nov. 12.— Bray's saloon
was entered by burglars last night. After
tapping the till and cash register and ob
taining only $3, the thieves rolled the safe,
a small one, out through the back door,
loaded it into a handcart and wheeled It
out into Adams' field, where they intend
ed to open it.
Night Oflicer David Uhler heard the
noise and started to investigate. He came
upon the men a quarter of a mile north of
town. One of them ordered him to hold
up his hands. Uhler resisted and the
thieves fired upon him. One bullet pene
trated his left shoulder, ranging upward
and lodging in the muscles of his back,
and anotl\er entered the back of his left
hand and lodged in the muscles of his
forearm. Hts revolver was taken from
him and he was clubbed into insensibility
with a wagon ppoke.
"When the attack commenced the officer
yelled lustily, and fearing the neighbor
hood would be aroused the trio rled, leav
ing their complete outfit of tools and the
safe, which contained about $120. Uhler
eventually recovered consciousness and
made his way to town. Officers began a
search for the burglars, but so far it has
proved unsuccessful. Unless complications
arise L'hler's wounds will not prove fatal.
Night Officer Roughly Han
dled by Three TMeves
at Wheatland.
FIGHTS THEM SIKGLE HANDED
«
Hit by Two Bullets and Badly Beaten.
but He Prevents the Loss of
the Contents of a
Safe.
WOUNDED AND
CLUBBED INTO
INSENSIBILITY
MILL SAVED BY HARD WORK
»
Conflagration Sweeps TJp a Canyon
Covered by a Heavy Growth of
Timber and Loss Will
Be Great.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. 12.— Fire was
discovered in the lumber yard of the
Brookings Company on the San Bernar
dino Mountains early this morning. It
is supposed It caught from the mill. In
a' short time the entire yard was in flames,
with from 3,000,000 to 5,000,000 feet of sawed
lumber burning. The flames were kept
from the mill only by the heroic efforts of
the 200 men who .work there. Although
the building was on fire several times the
blaze was finally controlled and the mill
saved. •
The mill Is the largest In Southern Cali
fornia, and was purchased two years ago
by Brookings Bros, of Mlchlgan,*who are
running it to its full capacity, employing
200 men. It was erected ten years ago,
but ran only one season and then re
mained closed until the Brookings Bros,
took it. Adjoining the mill is Fredalba
Park, one of the best summer resorts on
the range, situated eighteen miles from
this city, »where there are about 200 cot
tages. From the city the flames were
seen springing high into the air, and fears
were expressed that the mill. and a por
tion of the cottages would go with the
lumber, but it is believed the cottages
are now safe. The only further damage
will be the burning of the forest beyond
and about the mill. The flames are sweep
ing up the canyon, which is covered by
heavy timber.
The scene of the fire Is near the top of
the San Bernardino range of mountains
several thousand feet above sea level and
this city.
SALINAS. Nov. 12.— Forest fires are rag
ing In the foothills east of this city. Great
damage has been done. Already several
thousand acres have been burned over.
The fire started on the Long ranch
through the carelessness of woodchoppers.
The Pesante, Grove. Herbert and Clark
ranches suffered losses.
Brookings Company's Plant
Near San Bernardino.
in Flames.
FIBE'S RAVAGE
IN A MOUNTAIN
LUMBER YARD
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. 12.— In s the discov
ery of three unmarked graves on the
brush-covered hillside near the Chinese
shrimp fishing camp at Point San Pedro
several days ago Huntsman Isaac Smith
appears to have stumbled upon a cem
etery of some dimensions. As the result
of Coroner Eden's investigations to-day
the bodies of six Chinese now occupy
slabs in the local Morgue. Whether they
are victims of highbinder feuds or died
from natural causes can only be con
jectured now, but the county officials are
determined to pursue their Inquiry unt'l
the true facts are learned.
Coroner Eden and his assistants jour
neyed to the scene of Smith's discovery
this morning. The nearest approach that
could be made to the spot by the vehicles
was at the top of a long, steep hill. Leav
ing the wagons here the party proceeded
down the hill and . entered the brush,
where the graves were soon found and
opened.
The first body discovered was in a crude
redwood box, covered by several inches
of earth. It was evidently that of a mid
dle-aged Chinaman. The skull showed no
marks of violence. The next body un
covered was about ten feet further west,
in a thicket. The ground had been packed
level and there was no mark to indicate
the existence of a grave except that the
soil was thinly sprinkled with grow
ing grass. This body has been buried
some months and there was no clothing
upon It. The next grave gave up the
remains of a Chinese who ha-i been
buried about a month.
Coroner Eden and party now proceeded
Into the thick brush, where three more
bodies were rapidly brought to light.
Everything indicated that the graves were
intentionally concealed. The ground had
been leveled and pulverized so that when
the grass grew the graves would be hid
den beyond detection. At the edge of the
brush near the top of the hill a small
box was uncovered, which contained tho
body of a Chinese baby. It was dressed
richly In many colored silks and near its
head was a small fancy silk cap. All of
the corpses were placed in boxes, whicn
were shouldered and carried up and over
the steep hill to the Morgue wagon.
"When the Coroner's party began work
a number of Chinamen ran through the
village below and sounded an alarm. The
result was a rapid scattering of Mongols.
Two Chinese in particular seemed most
anxious to get away. Dressing as they
went they fairly flew around the bluffs
and finally disappeared in the largest
fishing camp, where for the time being
they will be lost. Going into the camp
later the Coroner found It Impossible to
discover a man who w«uld talk English.
"No sabbc" was all they would say. The
camp, usually populous, was deserted and
only a few sullen Chinese remained to
meet the officers, to whom they refused
to talk.
The strange actions of the Chinese to
day strengthens the belief that murdor
has been done. The flight of the tisher
men, the hidden graves and the refusal
of the Chinese to explain matters have
aroused the officers and a full Investiga
tion will be made. To-morrow the bodies
will be examined. Only injuries to the
bones could be detected, as the flesh has
disappeared. Several of the bodies weri
found Jammed Into rough board boxes.
An Inquest will be held in a few days and
if necessary all the Chinese near the spot
will be summoned by the Coroner.
Remains Recovered From Unmarked
Graves in Brush May Be Those
of Victims of Highbinder
Feuds.
RESULT OF HUNTER'S DISCOVERY
Bodies of Six Chinese Un
eartned t)y Coroner
Eden,
FINDS HIDDEN
CEMETERY IN
MARIN HILLS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1900.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via SausallCO Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:15 a. rn.; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8:00, 10:00. 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return.
SI «0.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices,* 621 Market St., Sausallto Ferry.
f "t^Ur* gibbon's Dispensary,
fiL^M, 625 H t;.\ t-ix i, st Kataollahwl
Cf*??* 'JcL ln J** 3 -* 'or the tf >ntmpntot Private
B]i, 1 CT inafiises. Loaf ManniMxl Debility or
i Sli^VrBiB dl«ease«"ea.1c^oii txxlyand mind and
ktn I)t9 * >a *'S. I he doctnrcureswheti
others fali Try birr. Sharif «•• low
>CiafteSxtj4ar«-%"narnntr«- 1. Callorwrlta
Or. 4. JT. \.IHIWS, Box l»37.3aa ftmactmu^
RAIXBOAD TRAVEI..
Don't
Use a Refrigerator
besbbb UitleSS sanssr
it is kept clean with
BOLD OUST
Washing Powder
The taint of decaying particles
of food is absolute poison.
£S2b KI SSWiV^ WL %m lf my Skin
Price 25 cents. All druggists, orsent post
paid on receipt of prjee. DR. PATjL DE
FORD. 175 N. Spring St.. Los Angeles. Cal.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tor tales and way sta-
tloaa*.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
' Commencing September 3o. ISO©. «
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEI
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS-6:65. •3:15. 11:00 a. m.. *1:4J.
1:15. 4:00. 5:15, »«:15. C:40 p. m. •¦_¦¦
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays aad Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
l:3^&?&?» P?°mr * U:J ° S -- nai
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL to SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:25. •«:*>. 7:45, 9:30 a. m..
•12:30. 1:43. *2:M. 4:30. S:M p. m. •
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at CMS and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:». •»:C0. 'lOW. *ll;ii a. m..
1:40. •2:15. 4:<5. *«:30 p. m-
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. «:45. 7:55. 9:30 a. m..
12:35. 2:10. 3:30. 4:54. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 d. m.
SUNDAYS-8.05, 10:05 a. m.. .12:05. 1:15, 3:33.
6:00. S:tS p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN3.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:43 p. m. ' Saturdays— Tomalea 'and way sta«
tlons.
Economical soap is one
that a touch of cleanses.
Pears' shaving 1 soap is
the best in all the world.
All sorts of people use Pears' soap, all sorts
of stores sell it, especially druggists.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RAILROAD TRAVEL'.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBURON FERRT-FOOT OF MARKET ST.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35. l:J0,
6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:M
p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip* at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m.
EUNDAYS-8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 1:30. *:C0,
6:20 p. m.
Sdn Rafael to San Francisco.
•WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a- m. ; 12:48,
3M0, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:U
and 6:35 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a, m.; 1:40. 3:40. 5:0o,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park.
same schedule as above.
Leave | In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I'Xov. 7. 1300. I San Francisco.
Week I Bun- I I Sun- 1 W«ek
Days. I days. I Destination. | days. 1 Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am) S:40 ara
1:30 pm 9:30 am Pctaluma. «:05 pm 10:» am
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7:35 pm| 6:22 pra
I Fulton.
T:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburgr.
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
1:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:3S pm 6:23 pm
7:30 am] I Hopland . I I
I 8:00 am| and Uklah. [ 7:35 pm[ 6:23 pm
7:30 ami 10:25 ara
[S:00em GuernevUle. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm] «:22pra
7:30 aru ! 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am
I and 1
E:10 pm| 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:C0aml 110:40 am:iO:K am
8:30 pm| 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. ( 7:35 pm| 6:23 pm
StuKea connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and Whits Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
(or Alt rurl a; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for Bkaggs Springs: at CloverdaU
for the G«y*ers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls*
-bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and BartUtt
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lak*. Witter
Eprlngs. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Vallty,
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. Bucknell'a.
Eanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. W>stport. Usal.
WlUets. L«.ytonvlle, Cummlngs. Bell's Springs,
Harris. Olsens, Dyer, Scotia and Eureka. .
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at re-
duced rates. \
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market St.. Chronicle build'
inc. » R. X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITING. Gefl. Paw. Act.
v Gen. Manacer.
MOVTKXRM rAOiriV <OHPA.1T.
(PACiriC STBTCM.) ' •
Train* !*»*• »¦»«• nr* «lno to «rrl«» Mi
MAN »IU.1J«'l»tO.
(Mahi Line. Foot of Market Street)
12AVC — From N'ovimbir 7. 1300. — axkivb
*7:OOa B'nid*. rtuisun. Klmir». V*eaTi!I«,
Ramsny and a*«rKiiienu> *7if5r
*7>«4*A Shasta Exprf m— D*»U. Williams (for
Harriett ScriosB). Willowi, Red
• Bluff, Portkni. *7t*3r
•7:30* Martinez, Saa Itauian. Vallejo. Napa,
C»ll»t< g» »nd Hiiita Roaa *4iil.1p
•S:OOa D»tI«, WoodlaDd. Knlgbta LaodlnK.
MarjiTtUe. <>ro»IIl«. 'TitSp
•Si«O* Atlantic Kxpreta— Ofden and East # 3:l5p
•S:OOa N'llsi. LiTermore, Ti»-.t, i-athrop,
Stoektoa *7it3r
••iS»* Sau Joae. LlTermors, Stockton.
lone, Saeratneuto. Plae-rvtlle.
Maria*ni«. Cblco. Kml Itluff M»»»p
•H:3i>AOakdale.ChlatM, Sonora. Carters... *l:l.1p
•»:•»* HaTwards. Nilea and Wai SUtiooi. *l 1:4.1*
•DittOl Lm ADgele* Express — Martiunx,
Tracr. Latbrop. Stockton. Ueroetl
Fresuo and Lo« Aogvlea Trlir
•Hilin* Vallrju. MarUnei aud Way .Station* *S:l»p
•10:OOa The Overland Limited— Ogdea, Den*
Ter, Omaha. Chicag'j *6;l^r
•IIiOOa JJilcs. Stockton. Maoramento. Men-
dot*. Freuo. llanford. VlaalU.
PortMTTUle MHJf
•1 1:00* LiTermore. 8ao2er. Goshen Jonov
tion. Bakenneld. Lot Angelee.....
tl:OOp 9aerament<> Ittier Ste«mer« f.l:Oo*
¦3:O9p H»jward«, Nilea and Waf HUtiona. *l: !.->?
•4t*«r Martluoi. Hau lt»m..,,. Vallajo.
N»P». CaIi«t» K a. Santa Koaa •i»il»»
MiOMpItenida, Winten, Bacrainento,
Wuxxllaod. Knlk'hta J.itnJliijr,
ManaTltlp. Orofllls *IM:43«
•I i:t»p HaTwarda. Mlea aud Han Jew tA<«»A
¦5:O«k Nile*. LWermore and Stockton • IOi-15a
o3:0Op Hunaet Limited, El Pu9> New
Orleans and Kut clOtlS*
*3:OOpTlie Owl Llmlted-Tner. rreaoo.
lUkersfleld. Baagita {or 8aota Bar*
bara. Loa Ancelea. *1*<I3a
•n-.Omr New Orlemaa Eipreaa— llakendokl.
8anta. Itarbara.Loa Angrlrn. Den-
Inc. El Puo, Mew Orleans aud
Eait »7i<l4
•B:o»lr ITaTwarda, Nilea and Sao Jote *7<4.1a
*B:O«Ip Vallej< M l:**<
•OiQwr Oriental Man— Ogdea. Cbejsnne.
i Omaha. Chicago *ail."»r
•8i00p Oriental Mall— Ogdea, DenTer,
Omaha. Chisago. *4>13p
*?iO«r OreKon and California ISziiress. Haa>
rmneiito. M»r>«tllle. ItetMlng.
r.irtlitii.l. Piigot Humid and Raak *Si43a
•SsOSr San Pablo. Port Coata. Mirtinei
am) W»i Station! f lli43A
tgr03p?alHo «ll.-43»
COAST •»• YISIOM (.Narroif Cause).
(Took ot Mnrkat Street. >
*SiI3a Newark. t>utitcTl!le,Maa.Io«>,V*rtoD,
. Boulder Crtek.Saota Crux and Waj
8UUom "Oiattp
tStlSr Newark. Cent«TTllIe, Sau JoM,New
Alinnloo. Ftilton, Houlder Crvek.
Santa, Crux and Principal Way
8Utloo* t "?¦*"?
MiUr Kewuk, H.n Joae, LosGatot •¦:•¦»<»*
al 1:11? Hunters' Exaunion, San Joee tad
WayStationa PtMy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
friaSU FliSCISCO— tut *t Mtrkit SlrnnSUs 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00a.m. U:S3 *233 13:33
*t:C3 18:33 *8:C3r.M.
rraaaOlIURI— T»ti ttliuiwtj.— •«;«» 8:00 10:00*. *.
t!3:03 »1:B3 t2:C3 »3:53 tt:Q3 '8:33p.m.
COAST DIVISION (Krnaitli*nr,a).
(Third and Townientl dta.)
««il*A Ocean View. Honth Han Fraoeiaoo.. t«ts3Op
•7:OI»» Han Joae and Way SUUi>i» (Now
Alinadeu Wettueadaia ouly) *I>BOr
•lift* Hau Joae. Tres Pluoa. .Saiita Crux.
Paellie Oroie. I'aso Itubiea. Saa
. Luis Oi,i»i><». Bnxf, Lompoo aud
Principal Way StaUmie MilOp
•IO:««a Sau Joae and Way HtaUona. •«i:i.i»
•I llMt »an Jose ami Way HUtlon. *3t3Or
tail.lr 8»n Mateo, Uedwood, Mento Park.
. Palo Alto. Han U Clara, San .line,
Tres Plnos, Hauta Crui, Sallnai,
Monterey ami Pacific GroTe )IO::t(tA
|S:**r Saa Joae aud Way Station* *7s:i»p
MxlSr 8aaJnaeaud Principal Way Station* *'J:I3a
t»:O«r San Joae. Los Gatoa and Principal
WajSUUons tfljoo*
*3s3«)p San Jnse ami Principal Way Stations *fcS9«
•«:3«p Sau Jose aad WayStatlous ?«.«•»?
«tllt45p8an Joaaand Way 8Utl.»rt« ??:3Up
A for Mornlog. ' P f or A f ternoon.
• Dally. t Miinday exeopted. 1 3 unday only.
f Mondars. TTedaeadaym, Fridays.
« Tnetdars, Thnrsdajs. tiundays.
• Saturday onl j.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
Leavt Markit-8treet r«rry Depot."
I^ e . San Francisco. »:» » m 4:10 p ml S:M p m
Arr. Stockton 1=:» 9 m .:U pm 11 C5 p m
"• Merced ........ J:** P rn — — - — l.is a ra
- Trrtno 4:20 pm J:0» a. ra
- Tulare «:M p m 5:10 a m
•» Hanford 8:33 p m J.M a m
•• Bakerafleld ... «:50 p m 7.30 * ra
•• DenTer 10:00 a m — — —
•• Kansas City... 5:13 p m
- Chicago 7:«Q am
• a. m. train U the Overland Expres*. Corre-
sponding train arrives at i p. m. dally.
4:10 p m. Is Stockton LocaL Correapon<lln«
train arrives 11:05 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. Is Fresno and Bakerafleld Exprvsa.
with Sleeping Can for both cities. Correapcnd*
tng: train arrlv*i at S a. m. tfally i _;
OFFICES-W1 Market st. and In Ferry Depot*
s;^ n TfVancl^co: 1113 Broadway. Owfct.tnd.
1OOO shares LION OIL CO.'S
STOCK, which has just struck a big
gusher in the Sunset District, Kern
County, for sale at 75c. We have an
option on this amount for a few days
only. Will sell the whole block or
any part of it. Apply
James R. T. Mershon,
Oil, Land and Stock Broker, 537-538-
539 Parrott Building, San Francisco.
SAILBOAD TEAVEL.
Special Sale of
Wire Clothes Line. *
100 foot lengths heavy wire galyanized'J
CIothe3 Line, the kind that wii 1 not ra3t,£
a good large-size wira tint sal's r^gu-j*
hrlv f cr 40 j a iength; special f (||».]|
for Tuesday only «£7£#*
. Dress Shields 1Oc.
A bargain chance put into ouriiind? 350;
pairs of lightweight washable Dress!
Sh : eMa of the b»st qaality. worth regu-'
larlv 15c and 17c a pair, sizes 2 and 3,;
which we shall sell on Tuesday * f%
only, per pair mUC<
Air Rifles 680.
tfThis Sporting Goods Department offer* for
tf Tuesday on'y the popu'ar King Air Rifle
•£ that sells reguiar'y for $1.H), jast th?
tf th!ng for a Christmas present frr the
tf toy; at the vary special price, *¦«*>
J each .'. OOO
i Opera Gloves
tf Half Prloo This Wook.
tfWe are c'osin? '•ut a lrrije stock of fine
tf opera pVvt* fJoivii & Cie make), at
K exictlv half price — black, white and
K o'pti rnbrs:
tf?4 00 f nil-arm length— now $2.OO
«V*3. T 0 20-button lergh— now Si. 75
*£$3.00 16 button lingth— now $1.5O
tf*2T0 12 button bneth— now $1,25
M $2.00 12-lutton bngfh-now $UOO
* r *'A«*-A*4*AA'a A 48 -I c« id i4 > '««>.« A Al*°,
Tray and Tea Cloths. \
For Tuesdav only we offer fine Satin'
Damask Tray and Carving C'oths, size!
18x27 inches w>rth 7^c, anl Tea Cloth"*-
of the «-<m9 erade, «ize 24x24 inchas.*
worth 63c, all beautifull? hem- oo ',
stitched; your choice for...™. iftSC
*; Tinted Table Covers.
tf A real ho'iday snecia 1 : Java Canvas T-ib'e
tf Covers, in white on'y. with t'nted, fljral
fc a and conventional design'. Tbey are 4")
K inches square, and are finishei off with
tf a very heavy knotted fringe, cai b*
*[ washed wh^n soiled, worth at least 60c
£ each; marked for Tuesday only — a
tf ...-
% Men's Handkerchiefs 4o
tf Another lot of thote popular Japanot
•>* H"»ndk«Tchief'. with hemstitched bor-
J» ders, the kind that so closely resemble
tf s IV, together with a line of white
£ handkerchiefs w : th fancy cord edges,
j£ anont 200 dozen in all; will be —
tf placed on pale Taesday onlv. each *rG
>*
5Oc Sachet Powder 24cs m *
Gardenia Sachet Powler, jast what'J
you need for making ud fancy work, ajt
very delightfnl and lasting odor, regn--*
larly 50c an ounce; as a special attrac- *
tion in the Perfunwry Depart- s%jt 'if
ment to-day, per ounce Z^rCX
$2.50 Curtains $1.74.
A *m*U lot, 100 pairs, of excellent Lice;
Curtains, in five different pattern 3 ;
cam? to as by a trade chanrn at much
less than their real value. Thev are Si
yaria by 58 Inches, th«» designs choice!
and no to d»te, worth $2.50 tf « t/w
a pair; on Taesday 9lm7*r
| u Soi"^; mf ElHPORiu^ Nt^r»^|
h Jootofsta'wKr-?- gip^' atwJ *^|f]l h?al of stairs. >T
* mg to Ladies' Par- P^OofdcnRaletlazaar. T l leading from La--J
tf lor CALIFORNIA'S LARCEST--A.MERICAS GRANDEST STOR* eg . p ar l or •*
J The great Holidav Show now in full swing. Thousands of*
tf delighted visitors vesterdav. The most rem.irkabte min-i
i iature doll shnrjo ever produced in America. T)nn't fail*
|. to bring ihe children to see ihe dancing dolls, shooting the\
£ chutes, Ihe great naval parade. e<c. Open 8 a. m.to 6\
i p. ;;/., Saturdays until 10:30. \Ad mission free. $
£ Silk Sale To-Day.
j£An fxcellct 7oc grade of B'ack Swiss
jtf Taffeta, 2) inches wde, a rich, soft
V weave, manufactured excres-lr for
If waists* anl tkirts; en special mm/m
K s»le Tne^dar on'y. vard %9*rG
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE EUPOBTCU.
THE EMPORIUM.
Suit and Overcoat safe contlnuns. Thousands nf
new and stvlish garments, tho ba/anco of tho
Winter Stocks of several famous Castorn Clothing
Manufacturers, now on safe at 70o on tho $1.OO.
How often these significant words are spoken in our greet
mills, shops, and factories by the poor girl who haa worked
herself to the point where nature can endure no inoro and
demands a rest ! The poor sufferer, broken in health, must
stand aside and make room for another.
; The foreman says, " If you are not well enough to work
you must leave, for we must put some one in your place."
Standing all day, week in and week out, or oitting in
cramped positions, the poor girl has slowly contracted some
deranged condition of her organic system, which calls a halt
in her progress and demands restoration to health before eho
can be of use to herself or any one else. '¦
\ To this class of women and girls Mrs. Pinkham proffers
both sympathy and aid. When these distressing weakneseeo
and derangements assail you, remember that thero is a
remedy for them all. We have on record thousands of such
cases that have been absolutely and pGrmcnently cured br
Lydia E. Pinkliam's Vegetable Compounds, restoring
to vigorous health and lives of usefulness those who have
been previously sorely distressed. Here is one of them.
Miss Junglas' First Letter.
44 Deae Mrs. Pikkham :— As I have heard and read so much about
yonr wonderful medicine I thought I would write to you and tell you
all about my sickness. I^iave been sick for four years with womb trouble,
'i ¦¦¦ ¦ • .. i ,| have whites, sick headache, pain in my beck, and
- J^t*^2*^V * n ri £ ht and left side of abdomen, feeling of full-
\ 0£$-- *'^^vK ne "* s :n va 8" ina » am dizzy, weak and nervous. I
' /O£r£v<??'ifr k* have used many parent medicines, but found very
; ffig>^*v£; VTj little relief. Please give me your advice." — Miss
W$£&Z*Zs3l G* I Katie p - JraGLAS, Salem, ilich. (May 4th,
,&*{ iST/ Mbs Jun £ Ias ' S^ond Letter.
! ; -i~?^^ I " Deab Mes. Piskham : — I write to thank you
£ gSJs&S^B— ¦* for the g-ood Lydia E. Pinkliam's Veg-etable
J?*^^/] Compound and Sanative Wash have done me.
j rJ j£&^&^7** b —. I* * s now & i* years since I was taken sick. I iiad
i fe*--v ¦!-¦ ''^. -^'^^> falling of the womb and ovarian trouble, I
5 ; N';,3S KATIE P. «*UN?LAS suffered untold pains, sometimes was so bad that
'- ' I thought I could not live. I used the Vegetable
Compound faithfully and am now welL If you like, you may use my
letter for the benefit of others," — Miss Katie P. JuXGLAS, New Salem
Mich. (Mar ICth, 1000.)
©
SS^ $& &2S £$& f) S 56 \&B IRR Owing to the fact that some skeptical
n Es f A *3 **f ft 5* ffw QKIS people-have frc;n time to time queetloned
taffs gj B J* ~i Ei fV Illb VB niftV the Keamncness cf the testimonialletters
ffH|R \\ '3 R |> , ...... . w . e *F e cocsttntlv pabliihiag. we ha T c
D K \f \Q & F g depotited with the National City Back, cf Lyra. Maae., %¦ coo
fl & H W I* J* ¦ I w i"ch will be paid to any person who tv:U show tiat the abort
•jil/ «cy stS? y£& testirr.c^ial is not grnuinc, or was pub'.Lnhrd befde obtateir- the
-««r- -^d^- ¦**»¦»¦ writers special permission.— Ltdia E. Piscmaii IIcdicctc CoThe family of the young collegian of South Caro
lina who was ruized and killed a few days^ago ought
to be able to contribute some stern and timely,
opinions on the cost of higher education as it is in
dicted in several American universities.-
The Russian Emba«ador at Washington believes
that what China needs is a ruling^head. If the Rus
sian diplomat were nearer the Orient he would prob
ably think that what China needs is the ruling off of
a few unrulv heads.
It is not altogether improbable that when the Queen
of Portugal saved a drowning boatman from death a
few days ago the royal lady wanted to prove that if
political events ever forced upon her the necessity of
choosing a professional career she would be her own
beft press agent.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12— P. M. Mc-
Bean Is at' the Shoreham; A. L.. White and
wife and Miss Florence White are at the
Arlington; W. W. Bryan and wife arid E.
C. Bryan are at the Ebbltt. All are from
San Francisco.
Californians in Washington.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
""What is the "yellow peril T "
"What Is It? You know as well as I do
that mighty few women can make good
pumpkin pies."— Chicago Record.
Asklt— "What Is a convenient fall trip
for me to take?
Telllt— You might step on a banana
peel or try to balance on a cake of soap
at the head of the stairs.— Baltimor*
American.
Mrs". Leo Hunter— Why ar« you so »c»
plclous of Count von Squint? He can't
help being cross-eyed.
air. Hunter— I know It; but ha looks
crooked.— Smart Set.
Mr. de Top (at the door)— Is Mtss Mabel
at home?
Maid— No. sir; but she says If that's a
box of candy she saw In your hand ya
might l'ave it.— Philadelphia Press.
Among the- funny things women do Is t<j
spread an old red shawl over the sofa and
put a candle with a red shada on a tabla
near by and call It an Oriental corner.—
Atchlsoh Globe.
"They say that &r\ vlsltlnjr Mrs. Jlpp
Is 1 homely enough to stop a clock.". •
"Nonsense: I found her so attractive
and entertaining that while she was slns
ing for me I sneaked up and stopped the
clock myself."— Detroit Free Press.
Uncle (giving his nephew a few hints
on politeness)— Now, why. for Instance,
do I make it a potnt to turn my back a»
little as possible to the ladies?"
Johnny (promptly) — So they won t sea
your bald spot.— Meggenderfer Blaetter.
Doctor (to hospital attendant)— How
many dead this morning?"
Attendant — Nine. sir.
Doctor— But how Is that? I wrote ©»»
ten prescriptions yesterday?
Attendant— Yes, sjr: but one of the P*»
tients would not take the medicine.—
Plck-Me-Up.
"To shift the note teller to the paying teller's win
dow, the paying teller to that of the exchange clerk,
and so on along the line, would be to paralyze ths
business of a bank every time it happened. It would
take a man until the next shift to familiarize himself
with his work and become acquainted with what the
The New York Post objects to Mr. Sage's scheme
on the ground that it would be impracticable. It
says :
"When I read in the newspapers, first about
Schreiber and then about Alvord, I am very much^im
pressed with the fact that it is an unwise policy to let
a man handling great sums of money stay too long
in one position. In the first place he gets into a rut
and is not likely to do the best kind of work. In the
secondplacc, being left undisturbed, say for some years,
he becomes so thoroughly familiar with the books
and affairs generally under his control that he is able
to see easily where he might appropriate money tem
porarily — for none of them ever starts out v with the
intention of keeping it forever. Should he be weak
morally, or speculatively inclined, the temptation may
be too strong for him and he yields, because he be
lieves-that he may be able to hide his peculations.''
Russell Sage, in a letter to the New York Times
on the subject, suggests the advisability of shifting
bank clerks from one position t to another so fre-
Quently that none of them would have an opportunity
to practice fraud to any great extent. He says:
Schreiber was a subordinate clerk, getting only $900
a year, yet he had no difficulty in getting thousands
of dollars from the bank for the purpose of splurging
in the New York tenderloin. Alvord was a note
teller, with a salary which has been variously re
ported at from $3500 to $5000 a year, and he would
have got away with a million had not his frauds been
discovered accidentally.
SAFEGUARDS FOR BANKS.
SCHREIBER'S success in getting $106,000 out
of the bank in Elizabethport in which he was em
ployed as a clerk, followed by Alvord's achieve
ment in robbing the First National Bank of Ne'w
York of about $700,000, has set the people of the East
devising ways and means for preventing such frauds
in the future. At present our banks are fairly secure
against outside robbers of all kinds, from forgers to
burglars; but they are evidently exposed in a danger
ous degree to rascals within. Their employes of very
nearly every kind, from, president down, appear able
to take money whenever they choose, and as much
as they choose, and to keep up the fraud for years at
a time.
JAPAN AND HER INDUSTRIES.
-; The remark about "helping other nations" through
free trade is cunningly put. Doubtless Count Okuma
would like the United States to engage in the same
beneficial work, but until we are willing to see. the
American workingman competing with the Japanese
at Japanese wages we will prefer the protective sys
tem. Japan's progress so far from alluring us to free
trade warns us against it.
"Japan is not likely to adopt a protective policy in
spite of her having secured something like tariff
autonomy by her revised treaties with, the Western
nations, and in spite of the opinions of those who wish
to take advantage of the terms of those treaties. Sha
is aware that for the development of her resources
she is indebted to the free-trade system, and she will
remain a willing instrument for benefiting other na
tions through it as well as herself.". '
As further illustrations of the ability of the Japa-%
nese to meet all. comers in free competition, the Count
gives a , series of tables showing that since 1868 the
exports of Japan have advanced from less than $16,
000,000 to more than $166,000,000, and during the
same time the imports have increased from $26,000,000
to $443,000,000. In conclusion he says:
As an illustration of the success -of Japan in com
peting with Europe and the United States In manu
factures he cites the facts that Japanese matches are
exported not only to China but to the British islands
and elsewhere; that cotton spinning has so developed
that, while twenty years ago there were only 20,000
spindles in the.kingdom, there are now 1,300,000, and
Japanese spinners, besides providing the domesti
need, export cotton yarn to China, and that a show
ing almost equally good is made in the production
of paper, cement, woolen goods, silk, brushes and
soap. Moreover, in nearly all lines of industry the
people are going ahead in manufacturing not only
their own raw material but the cotton and wool
brought from other lands.
That view of the question is combated by Count
Okuma, formerly Prime Minister of Japan, in an
article in the "North American Review on "The In
dustrial Revolution of Japan." The Count points
out that at the time the new order hi things began in
Japan in 1868, "most Japanese were in utter igno
rance of the complicated theories of free trade arid
protection, so that the pros and cons of both sys
tems had never been discussed among them. Japan
thus adopted a free trade policy neither voluntarily
nor knowingly, but at the pleasure of the foreign
powers." He goes* on to cite the benefits that have
resulted from such trade, and to show that with the
cheap labor that prevails among them the. Japanese
need fear no competitors from the outside.
SINCE the United States and the various nations
of Europe consented to a revision of the oil
treaties with Japan and placed that countfy
upon an equal footing with other powers there has
been a movement among the Japanese' in favor of
establishing a system of protection as well as the gold
standard for the promotion of their industries. The
supporters of the movement argue that since the
Japanese have profited so much by following the
United States and Europe in matters of finance they
will find an equal benefit from adopting~their tariff
policiesi
Among the passengers aboard the steam
er China, which came into port yesterday,
was C. Bagdenovltch, the Russian com
mander of the much talked about cruise
of the Samoa. The Russian claims »that
the captain of the Samoa violated the
charter of the vessel when he took orders
from Captain Roberts and steamed away
for Nome In the dead of the night with
out waiting for the commander's permis
sion. He says the expe-.tlon cost about
$65,000, and he proposes to collect some of
this from tlie Samoa's owners.
J. G. Woodworth of Seattle, general
traffic manager of the Pacific Coast Com
pany, is stopping at the Palace for a tjvr
days. >
Rev. D. T. Huntington, . a missionary
from Hankow, and his daughter arrived
on the China yesterday and they are stop
ping at the Occidental.
Mrs.^F. A. Barton and child are at the
Occidental. They arrived from Buffalo,
N. Y., yesterday and are on their way to
Manila, where Colonel Barton is 'sta
tioned.
T. B. "Richards, proprietor of the Hono
lulu livery stables, , who has been touring
the southern part of the State, Is at the
Occidental and will return homo on the
next steamer.
George Learts of Des Molnes, field su
perintendent of the Fidelity Mutual Life
Insurance Company, is' at the Grand.
D. "W. Luce, assistant general freight
and passenger ngent of the Southern Pa
cific at Los Angeles, Is in town.
Dr. C. A. Rtiggles of Stockton, member
of the State Board of Health, was regis
tered at the Grand yesterday.
Captain D. F. Devall and Captain J. H.
Egan of New Bedford, Mass., are stopping
at the Russ for a few days.
Edward Chambers, general trafflc^jnan
ager for the Santa Fe at Los Angeles, Is
stopping at the Palace.
Dr. Humphreys Is at the California
again, i.aving returned from his trip to
Honolulu. >
W, Richardson, a prominent Truckee
lumber merchant, is registered at the
Russ.
F. C. Smith, a Portland iron man, la at
the Grand.
Peter Johnson, jeweler at Sonora, Is at
the Grand.
S. N. Griffith, a prominent Fresno min
ing man, is at the Lick. ¦
Colonel C. A. McGlashan and wife of
Truckee are at the Russ.
J. F. Clapp, a Chicago mining man, is
registered at the Grand.
D. W. Stevens, a prominent "Washington
merchant, is at the Palace.
A. J. Plllsbury, aTulare newspaper man,
is registered at the Grand.
p. F. "Wood of Tulare, a prominent land
owner, is at the Grand with his wife.
PERSONAL MENTION.
FASHION HINT FROM, PARIS.
THE ALABAMA CLAIMS— T. F., .City.
The aggregate of what is known as the
Alabama claims against Great Britain
was about fiS.OOO.OCO. These were referred
to a joint high commission, which on the
14th of September, 1S72, decided that Great
Britain was responsible for the original
fitting out and subsequent escape of the
Alabama and her subsequent free admis
sion into British, ports; was similarly lia
ble in the case of the Florida; was liable
for captures made by the Shenandoah
after she was permitted to leave Mel
bourne, but was not responsible for the
acts of the Georgia, Sumter. Nashville,
Tallahassee. Chickaxnauga and Retribu
tion. The claim for indirect damages to
American commerce was not allowed. The
commission decided that Great Britain,
should pay the UnltedjStates In compen
pfttion for demage done by the vessels
named the sum of £3,229,166 13s 4d ($15 -
500,000). The payment to the United States
was made September 9, 1873.
AN OFFICER'S WIDOW-N. N.. Ala
meda, Cal. If the widow of an officer or
of a soldier of the United States army,
who Is entitled to < a pension, marries
again or dies the pension ceases. If there
are any children in either case .as to" the
mother they draw pension until each has
attained the age of 16.
JURORS— I. J. G., City. Jurors in* the
State of California are paid in civil but
not in criminal cases. Grand jurors are
not paid in California, Grand juries serve
until such business as Is brought before
such have been Investigated.
BRYAN'S WEALTH-G. W. C. City.
"What William J. Bryan is worth is
known to William J. Bryan, and as he
has not -taken the public into his confi
dence In that matter it is •impossible to
teil. • .
PULLMAN CAR— A. P. G., City. Pull
man cars measure in length from 42.3 feet
to 72, height above the track 14 to 13 feet
and width 9.8 feet.
sampler takes the first grade examina
tion and the applicant for either of the
other two positions takes the second grade
examination under Unfted States civil
service" rules.
Mr. Brown also points out that these protecting
forest belts in Kansas not only add to the present
wealth of the State, but are storing resources for the
future. Having visited California last summer and
observed the awful destruction of our forests by fire,
he says that their total extinction may be expected
within fifty years, and that if Kansas continues build
ing; forests by planting while we continue their "de
struction by fire, within feventy-f.^e years from now
Kansas will have to supply California with timber
and lumber. We do not regard the prophecy as at
all fantastic or improbable. Mr. Brown impeaches
the Government reports of the forest area yet in ex
istence. He declares that these reports exaggerate the
acreage of timber and tend to lull Osngress and State
governments to a feeling of false security, which will
cost this country dearly in the future. His advice
to planters is to cease planting cottonwood and box
elder, "which require too much moisture and are not
very useful as timber or lumber, and instead to plant
the catalpa speciosa. black walnut, black locust, elm
and osage orange and the mulberry, because that tree
is friendly to bird life, and birds arc the best friends
Natural fertility of the foil, where crops can be pro
duced without using artificial irrigation, is always as
sociated with forests or with other natural conserva
tors of moisture, such ?.s sloughs, ponds, swamps and
lakes. These and forests store moisture for evapora
tion, and not only mitigate the desiccating effect of
f*.ry and hot winds, but also supply moisture for dis
tribution to the surface of the earth by the clouds.
We have no doubt that three timher belts across the
Sacramento Valley, from the coast range to the foot
hills of the Sierra?, would rob our hot north winds of
their destructive power, increase the moisture of the
soil and add immensely to the productive capacity of
the whole valley.
Mr. John P. Brown, secretary of the Forestry As
sociation of Indiana, has for years closely observed
conditions in Kansas and Nebraska, and has con
cluded that both States can well afford to give up one
quarter of their surface to artificial forests, because
the fertility of what remains would far exceed .vhat
the whole would produce if the entire surface were
left treeless.
We have no doubt of the correctness of this
conclusion.
Recently an important discovery has been made that
develops the relation of forests to agriculture in that
region. Beginning thirty years ago there was an ex
tensive planting of trees on the prairies and plains of
Kansas and Nebraska. These groves are now large
and thrifty. The trees have grown to be forty feet
?.nd more in height. Their mass deflects and breaks
the hot wind, while their dense foliage affects it favor
ably by parting with moisture to the lowering of its
temperature.
Crops in a thrifty condition have been often killed
by that sirocco. Green fields of corn and small grain
are fired by it as if they had been baked in an oven.
TREES AND AGRICULTURE.
KANSAS and Nebraska have as a drawback to
agriculture a blasting hot wind that blows from
the southwest. ' *
We have already directed attention to the experi
ments made by Marconi in England, by which he
proved the capability of his system to preserve the
secrecy of dispatches, and to send various messages
along parallel Hoes or across one another without con
fusing the receiver, and also his ability to operate the
system without the use of high masts. Those tests
justify the expectation that the system will be available
for all purposes for which telegraphy is used. Con
sequently the early years of the coming century may
see the end of all telegraphing by wire. Cities will
be rid of that much of the overhead wire nuisance,
and in many other ways benefits will be reaped from
the splendid invention of Marconi.
That practical illustration of what can be accom
plished by wireless telegraphy in its present state of
development shows the vast use that may be made of
it. When a ship fifty miles distant from the coast can
sen'd to land a notification of her approach and fix
almost to a minute the time of her arrival, it is clear
that we have it our power to get rid of much of the
difficulty that attends navigation at the entrance to
harbors. Should all ships make use of the system
notice could be sent ahead in every case to pilots and
others interested in the approaching ship, so that
every, preparation might be made for receiving her.
A DISPATCH from London to the New York
Herald of recent date says:
"The Belgian packet steamer Princess Clem
entine, while nearing Dover pier on Saturday, "ex
changed words with Ostend, across nearly fifty miles
of sea. Mr. Marconi's instrument ticked off mes
sages to and from Belgium with congratulations to
King Leopold, to the Minister of Railways, and to
the Mail Packet Department at Brussels. The Prin
cess Clementine was doing her twenty knots in dark
ness, and the passengers were peacefully sleeping in
their bunks. The only connection between the ship
and shore was a wire hoop at the topmast. When
the Belgian authorities have formally approved the
system it will be extended to all other Belgian
packets."
SHIP SIGNALING AT SEA.
TUESDAY ..... NOVEMBER 13, i°<»
'JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address M Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE ..Telephone I ' 1^ s^2O4
Fl'BLICATIOX (IFFICB. . ."Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone I*re«« 1TO1.
i:i)ITOItI\I ROOMS 217 10 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Pr«« i!«lii.
Delivered l»j- Currier*. 15 Cent* IVr AVcek.
Single Coxtlen. 5 Cent*.
T«-rnt» Iiv Mall. Ineludluur I'o-.tnc':
TA1LT CALL, (Including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL. Onciuilinr Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL Occluding Sunday), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By tingle Month <Sc
SrarOJLY CALL. One Year 1-50
WKr.KLY CALL., One Year..... 1-0^
All postmnMer* nre nntlinrlr.ed to receive
•uibncrtptlona.
Eamrle copies will be forxvarded when requested.
Mafl subscribers In ordTing chanjre of nddre«s fIiouM be
particular to eive l^th Ni-rvv axi» old ADDBESS in order
to insure a prompt and <-orreet compliance with their request.
OAKI.WD OFFICE 111« Broadway
C. GKOMG12 KROr,XB«S,
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building, Chicago.
(Long; DSMance Telephone "Central 261*.")
ICEVT YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARM'OX Ilernld Sanare
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEJf n. SMITH 3O Tribune Bnlldlns;
NEXT YORK NEWS STANDS:
TVaJdorf-Artorla Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Bherman House; P. O. New* Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., N. W.
MOIJTO'S B. CHAM-:, Correapondrnt
niMVdl OFFICES r^rr Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until »:S0 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until S:30 o'clock. €15 Larkln, open until
S:30 o'clock. WO Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth. oj>en until * o'clock. 103* Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. Z«t Ele\-enth. open until 9 o'clock. XW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
It is to be hoped that our "commercial bodies will at
once take the matter in hand and command the atten
tion of Congress.
This subject is of peculiar and pressing interest to
this coast. The trade of the Pacific ft soon to excel
all dreams. It is our trade. It should be carried under
our flag. Our shipyards should be multiplied, and
here should be the finest opportunity for marine ar
chitects and mechanics, and as the fleets are launched
here should American sea-going enterprise find its
most profitable employment.
Our land transportation is the best in the world,*
and its creation was, in the beginning, fostered by the
Government. Our water transportation must have
the same attention.
In many respects wa are the most fortunate of the
nations in being at the beginning of the creation of a
merchant marine. We have no obsolete methods to
discard at the cost of their abandonment. All of the
newest findings of science and art in the building and
propelling of ships are at our service. Other nations
that are equipped with a merchant marine up to their
capacity for its profitable use, to avail themselves of
the best must lose what they have. Our tonnage is so
small compared with our capacity to use its facilities
that the obsoleting process will work us.no injury-
With these two measure? promptly accomplished
it may be truthfully said that it will only have begun
the utilization of the vast resources of our continent,
and the vast energies of our people.
The immediate revival of our merchant marine goes
hand in hand with the construction of an isthmian
canal. We want the canal and we want American
ships of the first class to carry commerce by that
short route around the world.
In our brief Spanish war was furnished in miniature
what happens in war to trade under the flag of a
belligerent. 'Alien cargoes under the Spanish flag
were captured on the high seas, and had Spain been
in control of as much of the world's carrying trade as
Great Britain a deadening paralysis would have fallen
upon the world's commerce. We cannot afford to
longer give away the profits of deep-water transporta
tion, nor to longer incur the risk of losing all our
foreign trade by having it carried under an alien flag,
that may at any time be involved in war with a com
bination powerful enough to make the risk of shipping
under it greater than the profit.
These statistics bring into focus the imperative ne
cessity of protecting our increasing foreign trade by
ownership of the facilities for its transportation.
Primarily it is a question of profit it is
one of continued existence.
Any blow that strikes the commercial flag of Great
Britain hits our trade by cutting off or crippling the
means of carrying it t.o.our customers." Our trade has
expanded in other grand divisions of the world more
rapidly than in Europe. In breadstuff's the increase
in our export to the continent of Europe in the
year ending last June was 10 per tent, while the in
crease to Oceanica was 48 per cent, to Asia 43 per
cent.
The?e figures mean that most of the world's carry
ing trade is done in British bottoms, and that our ex
ternal commerce, of more than two and a quarter bil
lions, has to rely upon England for transportation
and is carried under the British flag. -The ships are
built of British material, in British shipyards, by
British workmen. All of the profits of construction,
insurance and equipment, the wages of sailors and
officers, paid by us in freight charges go abroad in
stead of being kept at home.
..British colonies, which is half as much as ours, her
total is 13,665,312 tons and exceeds ours by 11,216,635
tons.
Lloyd's Register for 1808-99 gives to the United
States a ship tonnage, including wood, iron and steel
construction, steam and sail, of 2,448,677 tons. Great
Britain has 12,567,904 tons. Germany has 2,113,981
tons. France has 1,179,515 tons. Norway has 1,643,
217 tons. The total tonnage of the world is 26,561,250
tons. We rank second, but Great Britain leads us by
10,000,000 tons, and, adding to her tonnage that of the
It will be seen that our total foreign trade reached
the vast volume of $2,343,901,041.
rv STUDY of the volume of our foreign trade for
l~\ the year ending the 30th of last June brings for
* ward at once the conditions under which that
vast commerce is handled on deep water.
* For that year our total imports were $849,714,670,
and our total exports \yfere $1,394,186,371.
OUR CARRYING TRADE.
A German paper says that the renoml
nation of Adlai Stevenson for the posi
tion of Vice President is another illus
tration of the fact that boys of the most
humble parentage have an opportunity of
rising to the highest positions in America.
Thus Abraham Lincoln was a rail split
ter, and "Old Abe's ax" was a rallying,
cry in Mis campaigns. Herr Stevenson,
also, it seems, early learned to use the
ax, and. even after ho had risen to a high
position In the Postofflce Department he
did not scorn to get 6ut his ax on occa
sion and do a little work around the de
partment with It. This evidence of indus
try and lack of false pride on his part
have greatly endeared him to a large
class of voters. Like so many great
statesmen. lt» has been given a pet or
nickname by hla friers. Thus as Oliver
Cromwell was by the English "Old Iron
sides" called, so Herr Stevenson is by his
compatriots "Old Mossyback" nicknamed.
In a paper published in the south of
France is found an even more ampins
account of the early life and explplw of
Colonel Bryan. This story. It appears
was written by the Paris correspondent of
the provincial paper, and Is based, so th *
writer avers, on Information furnished by
Intimate friends of the candidate vvho
have been prominent at the French capi
tal during the exposition. r r ~r,^Yt
The Western wag who filled the French
man so full of new and startling Informa
tion must have smiled to himself as he
read in cold print the statement that AL
le Colonel Bryan first came Into fame as
one of the strange, half-savage band of
cowboys"-gardeur de vaches. it appears
in the orlginal-"who roamed over the
Far West, fighting the Indians and -wild
beasts. Imitating, perhaps, the custom
of the Indian chiefs, each of these cow
boys bore a nickname based pn some of
his exploits as a hunter or fighter. Thus
M. le Colonel Bryan's familiar title among
his rough but brave and 8 iJ? rdy .g? mr , a ±%
was Silver Bill, the Dead Shot— 'Bill d Ar
gent.' After the treaty of peace was
signed with the Indians at Chicago in
1896 Colonel Bryan went out of the cat
tle business and became one or the do
nanza farmers of the West. He can now
sit on his back stoop, as the rear ve
randa Is called In America, and look
over his fields of waving corn stretching
farther than the eye" can reach in every
direction. As a result of his early train
ing on the plains, when he spent months
at a time without an opportunity of talk
ing to another human being, the candi
date for President Is extremely taciturn
and can hardly be persuaded to express
his opinion on the issues of the campaign.
He is the author of a book of adventure
called 'The First Battle,' in which some
of his encounters with the Indians- of the
Tammany and other tribes are described
at length. In the effort to partially neu
tralize the strength of M. le Colonel
amorig the cowboys and Indians, who
make up the largest part of the voting
population west of the Alleghany Moun
tains, the Republicans have nominated M.
le Colonel Roosevelt for Vice President
M. le Colonel Roosevelt is orie of the lead
ing amateur cowboys In America, and 13
especially famous for having once van
quished a grizzly bear In single combat.
During the present campaign SI. le Colo
nel Roosevelt has ridden a series of horses
all over the country giving exhibitions
of rough riding such as were seen in Paris
a year or more ago under the direction of
another famous American statesman."
dounds considerably to his. credit that he
never became a colonel, differing in that
respect from -the vast majority of tne
American citizens." ' This J° k « n d ls - °f
course, accompanied by a full and com
plete chart and explanation but the inci
dent in the political -meeting is told in
most serious and deadly earnest.
Quaint Clippings From Foreign Journals on
the Standard Bearers and Their
President McKinley Is a giant of physi
cal strength. When roughs attempt to
interrupt his' speeches he leaves the plat
form and knocks the heads of the in
truders together until their teeth rattle.
Mr. Bryan Is a reformed cowboy, and
was oi'ce known as "Silver Bill, the Dead
Shot cf the Platte." At present he is a
bonanza farmer. <
These are a few of the many new facts
about tho Presidential candidates printed
in recent Issues of foreign newspapers and
periodicals. Almost every recent issue of
each German, French* or English paper
has contained an article on the "Ameri
can election," and most of these articles
have iairly bristled with pew and start
ling facts about the candidates and the
Issues. There can be no doubt that even
Mr. McKinley and Mr. Bryan would be
greatly surprised if they could read some
of the things the foreign journalists have
found out about them. Take, for instance,
the entertaining tale printed In the Lon-
Illustrated Mall setting forth the
prowess of President McKinley as an am
ateur Sandow and explaining how he Is
in the habit of treating people who ven
ture to Interrupt him when he is making
a Bpeech.
McKinley has always been noted, ac
cording to the Mail, for his huge muscu
lar development. His biceps . measure
enough Inches to frighten a prizefighter,
and he refuses even to wink his eye In
order to avoid trouble. In fact, as the
j^ondon journalist has discovered, he car
ries a chin around on his shoulder and is
fairly aching to have some one knock it
orf.
On one occasion, says the Englishman,
Mr. McKinley was taking part in an elec
tioneering campaign in one of the East
ern States where there was fierce and
bitter opposition • to the candidate whom
he was supporting. At one of his meet
ings a crowd of semi-civilized young men
frcm one of the outlying districts came
into the hall and started to create a dis
turbance by playing on their tomtoms
and giving three cheers for the rival can
didate. After waving his hands for si
lence In vain, Mr. McKinley took off his
coat and fought his way to the center of
the room, where "sat the ringleaders. They
were two giants In stature, but McKinley
seized them one in each hand and beat
their heads together until their teeth rat
tled and they begged plteously for mercy.
A third man of equal size and strength,
who attempted to escape after giving his
war whoop, was pursued and captured by
Mr. McKinley, who, seizing him by the
hair, dragged him back through the hall
to the platform. In spite of his tremen
dous struggles and shrieks for mercy.
On reaching the platform Mr. McKinley
doubled hie weeping captlvt up like a
jackknife and deposited him on the seat
of an arm chair, immediately sitting
down upon him. Then, the Mail Informs
ub, Mr. McKinley put on an innocent and
unruffled expression and addressed the au
dience as if nothing had Happened.
"If any other gentleman desires to be
pat upon," he is alleged to have said, "he
c.in be easily accommodated. Tnere are
plenty of chairs up here on the platform
anG several of the committee weigh over
200 pounds each. Pray walk up."
Thereafter it is related that President
McKinley never had any trouble in keep
ing his audiences in order. After perpe
trating this weird tale, which fortunately
comes too late to be used by the Demo
crats as an example of the methods em
ployed by the Republicans in« suppressing
free speech, the Mall concludes with a
jckc. It reviews Major McKinley's mili
tary career and declares that "it re-
EUROPEAN IDEAS OF
McKINLEY AND BRYAN
the United States Is significant of the
general alarm among the manufacturers
and producers of the Old World over our
marvelous gains In export trade. It Is
almost inconceivable that our Invasion of
the world's markets, without the advant
age of a merchant marine flying our own
flag, and being much more remote from
some of thesa markets than the Old
World manufacturers, should have be
come such a menace to Europe a? to in
vite discussion of such desperate meas
ures as a customs unlcn to restrain us.
CHICAGO TIMES HERALD— Thft bold
advocacy of a customs union on the part
of the trading nations of Europe against
.CHICAGO CHRONICLE-It la plain
that any one of a hundred Sound Money
Democrats standing upon a gold standard
pliitrorm and advocating other unmistak
ably Democratic ideas would have re
ceived more votes than Mr. Bryan re
ceived.
NEW YORK EVENING SUN-However
much the American heiress may pity the
princeling: who haa placed his art treas
ures and himself at her feet, she will do
well to ask: "Would ycu be so anxious
to marry me If you could sell your d!c
tures?" v
PHILADELPHIA LEDGER-Cubaowes
this country a debt of gratitude, and the
Constitutional Convention will 'tthdoubted-
Jy bo reasonable enough to recognize th*»
propriety of giving some guarantee that
this country is fairly dealt with: that h.
hostile tariff "system, for instance, will
not be erected against the' United States
BOSTON POST— The ne*t step woul 1
seem to be an inquiry into* the means of
exterminating the mosquito. The vaftety
charged with these misdeeds is known in
science as "culex faseiatus." A policy of
benevolent assimilation may be applicable
to other kinds- of mosquitoes, but exter
mination alone meets the case of the "fas
clatus."
NEW YORK HERALD-The constitu
tion applies to every foot of the national
domain, wherever situated. It Is the su
preme law of the land wherever th»
American flag floats over an American
possession. It attaches proprio vigore to
all territory acquired by the nation. It3
fundamental guarantees and principles
are equally potent in all.
CHICAGO INTER-OCEAX-When the
American people wake up to the fact that
that modern war is an art to which must
be trained as they are to run engines or
build houses, then there will be no mors
talk about the unpreparedness of this na
tion to defend Its rights. Meanwhile the
American people have before them, in
their little regular army and in their mod
est navy, examples of military prepared
ness surpassed by no other nation.
PROVIDENCE JOURNAL-It is at or.ee
amusing and saddening to look over the
Atlantic Monthly or the North American
Review of forty years ago and se<» tho
modest anonymous articles of a Lowell or
a Whippl*. and then turn to the ten-cent
magazines of to-day where the least im
portant skit carries the name of the
writer In big black type. The main thin?
then was what was said, not who said it;
and this. Is an Ideal to which it would do
no harm to return.
NEW YORK TRIBUNE— Our guns iray
never speak save in friendly salute. But
the flag must be there, and the ships mu.n
be there, and the guns, with men behind
them, must be there. It is a simple law,
but it is an Inexorable law. And tha
nation can take no more certain step to
ward assuring the open door and its own
abundant use of that door in China than
by making its navy commensurate with
the commercial development it aims at
In that quarter of the world.
PHILADELPHIA NORTH AMERICAN
—The American haa never had the ad
vantages of education to such a degree
as at the present time. In many States
the compulsory educational system la
forcing the youth of this country to ac
quire knowledge that a century ago was
the luxury of the rich. To-day education
of a high order is within the grasp of ev
ery child, ! and no matter how poor
the family, the boy or the girl has chances
that are of inestimable value.
PITTSBURG DISPATCH-England used
to turn up its nose at the United States
for being hysterical and disorderly, and
to bid our nation to profit by the exam
• pie of correct reserve set by England.
; Late manifestation? by the jingo element
; have put an end to that claim of superinr
; ity. Because 200.000 English soldiers have
by several months' campaigning succeed
ed in conquering 40.000 Boers, the London
crowds have acted as if that were a suf
ficient cause for discarding what sanity
and reason were supposed to be left when
England embarked in that war.
CHARLESTON NEWS AND COURIER
— If we had waited for some other com
munity or State to make plans for hold
ing an exposition in Charleston we should
have waited forever, but no sooner did
we make a start for ourselves than th*
outside we rid began to send messages of
! congratulation and offers of practical as
sistance. The more faith we show in our
selves, the more confidence other neop!«
will have In us. The more we risk in our
efforts to bulM up Charleston, the mor*
will outside capitalists and investors ven
ture with us in our undertakings.
NEW YORK TRIBUNE— The thing to
hope for. end Indeed expect, is an almost
imperceptible. Improvement of the present
social system. And in contributing to
that improvement the clergy may do
much by teaching the primary duties of
obligation, right, justice ana righteous
ness, posited on the principle of universal
brotherhood. An evolution of the present
system Is what should be striven fcr, and
not a revolution on the lines of some
crua>, half baked doctrinaire scheme of
sociology which has never been tested by
experience and runs counter to the facts
of human nature.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
It has been said of old, "in a multitude of counsel
there is wisdom"; and so, out of the discussion now
going on, the bankers may arrive at a plan for safe
guarding their money from their trusted employes.
In the meantime it is to be noted that some of the
New York bankers have begun to investigate the
habits of their clerks, and a recent report says the
German Savings Bank has just discharged three
clerks who were found to be making bets on race
courses. Perhaps that plan may produce good re
sults, but the world will not forget that some fraudu
lent bank clerks and cashiers have been more con
spicuous at church than at race tracks. Evidently an
audit board would be safer than a v spy system on the
clerks after banking hours.
The Post suggests that bank directors make
themserve.s acquainted with the habits of their trusted
clerks, that adequate salaries be paid; honest and
capable men, and that there be created and main
tained an audit bureau within the bank itself, to main
tain a constant and critical investigation of 'every de
tail of the business.
expert bank clerk needs to have at his fingers' ends-
It requires months, and often years, to -make a first
class teller- and him with, all he needs to
know to dispatch the business of his desk without
mistakes or delays."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1900.
RED SATIN DRESS.
This dress is of ponceau Liberty satin
the stole collar la of guipure and blnru
chenille. Similar insertion i ornaments *ne
skirt, leaving, the apron -plain. The flat
pleats aro fixed by^ the insertion" Th£
pSe C - wal3tband a» ot black "draped
The Spaniards who are boycotting American work
ingmen at Tampa, Fla., should remember that we are
still buying South Sea islands from their home^Gov
ernment. /If we get mad we are sure to destroy the
only market which Spain has for her remaining com
modities.
CONSULT A PHYSICIAN— N. N., City.
The questions asked relative .to shoulder,
chesty throat and nostrils are such tnat
only a reputable doctor can answer after
an examination of the individual.
CU3TOM-HOUSE— H. W., Soquel, Cal.
The salary of assistant weigher and of
sampler In the Custom-house Is $1200 a
year. The salary of messenger is $840 a
year. An applicant for the position of
SOUTH AFRICA-H. H.. Stockton. Cal.
As yet no fljpjres have been published
showing "the total number of killed and
wounded, British and Boer, during the
war In thtf Transvaal.
DEER IN ARIZONA— J. H. J., Santa
Cruz, Cal.' The' close season for. deer* In
Arizona Is from January 1 to September 1.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
6
CaL glace fruit 50c per ft at Townsand's-'
Special Information supplied dally to
business bouses and pUDllo men by ta«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Slont-
Komery «t Telephone Main 1041
The largest and nicest line of California
calendars (1901) ever desljmed now on ex-
hibition and sale at 3anborn, Vail & Co.'-».
741 Market st. ! ~ •
In certain parts of Australia cannibal
trees flourish — trees -vhich can hold ri
man's body In their center and devour U
as readily as our Insectivorous wild flow-
ers trap the Insects on which they partly
subsist. In appearance* they are like B»-
gantlc pineapples, many of. them being
eleven feet In height. .
Dr. Sanford's Livar Invigorator.
The best liver medicine. : A <-ur» t"T
liver Ills, biliousness. 1 mil aces t Ion. constipation.*
DR. SIEOEUT'S Angostura Bitters »xclt» ths
appetite and prepare the stomach for Its work.
A balf wineglass before meals. Get SIEGEKT°d»
AUCTION SALES.
Turkish Russ— Thursday. November 15. at 2 o'clock, at cor-
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar— *T(O8t Paradise."
Columbia— "The Ameer."
Alhambra— "A Younc Wife."
Tlrcll— "MLction." ' .
California— Royal Marine Band of Italy.
Orjiheunj— Vaudeville.
Grand Oy<?ra- house— "Tannhauser."
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
•ver.ln«.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Eutro Baths— Opra nighti.
Oakland Race Track— Races.POLICE OFFICERS
ARE VERY USEFUL
Crowds and Carriages Are
Handled With In
telligence.
Captain Spfflane of the Southern Sta
tion was early on the scene with a squad
of bluecoats. There were twelve officers
in the detail, and their efforts to control
the curious crowds and the opera-goers
wero directed by the captain and Ser
geants Shea and O'Connor. That there
was not an accident nor a complaint re
ported during the evening attested to their
efficient work. The curious were held
within bounds on the opposite side of the
street and the lobby leading to the en
trance k.-i t ps was kept clear.-.
The police worked with intelligence, and
their efforts were rewarded with praise by
the citizens who attended the opening per-
LITTLE GEORGE GOODMAN
IS WITHOUT A GUARDIAN
Judge Coffey Hears Petitions of Two
Relatives, but Penies Both on >
Various Grounds.
Two petitions for letters of guardianship
upon the person and estate of George
Goodman, aged 7 years, were heard and
denied by Judge Coffey yesterday. John
H. Jones, the lad's uncle, was backed in
his petition by D. E. Goodman, Mrs. T.
Smith and Mrs. Lucretia Thomas, rela
tives of the youngster, while other rela
tives, Florence Goodman. Charles Qood
man, Lulu Morse and Ethel Goodman
gave their moral support to Charles Good
man's application for letters.
After hearing Jones' petition Judge
Coffey denied the same on various
grounds. % and then Charles Goodman
opened his case. It developed during the
examination that Charles Goodman was
a Jockey and a resident of Kings County.
The latter fact furnished legal grounds
and the former moral support to Judge
Coffey's order denying his petltion.-
Th , e ' ad J ' wnl remain in the custody of
• E / G 2 odman untn seme suitable person
applies for permission to care for him and
his estate, which, despite the tremendous
legal battle, consists only of a $100 legacy
in the will of a deceased relative.
Mr. and Mrs. L. Well, James M. Wright,
W. 8. Wood, C. J. Wetmore. J. Walter. Mr.
and Mrs. George R. Wells. Miss Marie W'ellg.
Dr. W. D. Westiihal, Mr. and Mrs. Chauncey
Winslow. Mrs. H. II. Warneld. Thomas H. Wil
liams. Mr. and,. Mrs; C. R. Walter. Mr. and
Mrs. E. Wlllard, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Wallace.
J. Wlel. Robert Welch and Miss Welch, Bert
Well. O. Witty. P. Wasserwitz. Mr. and Mrs.
Wllliar. Chase Williams, Mrs. H. Woods.
z.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick W. Zeile, Mr. -and
Mrs. Charles A. Zinkand.
TobliW I. <Je Turk Jr., Mr. and Mrs. ' William
Thomas Miss Thomas.
bookkeeping, but simply a lesson. There
are hundreds of people who have to do
with accotinta who have very vague no
tions as to what Is meant by double en
try, and there are hundreds of others who
can make correct "double entries" for or
dinary "straight" transactions, but who
fail to comprehend the entries when the
transaction is mixed or' unusual. This les
son and one or two more difficult lessons
which will follow are intended specially
for these classes of office workers. It is
much more Important to learn the princi
ples which govern correct systems of
bookkeeping than it is to learn any par
ticular form as applied to a special busi
ness. It is safe to say that no two houses
keep their books In the same way, and the
larger the houses the more widely do their
forms of bookkeeping differ. Each con
cern adapts the- books to its own special
needs; but the theory of accounts, the un
derlying principles of double entry, are
the same the world over. The beginner
in the accounting department of a large
concern who knows the principles thor
oughly, but who has had no practical
experience, is ten times more fortunate
than is the beginner who has learned now
to keep the books of a particular con
cern but who beyond that knows little if
anything of the principles of double en
try.
The ledger is a book in which accounts
are kept. Each account has two sides— a
charge Bide and a credit side. When a
man buys something and doesn't pay for
it at once we -charge him— that is, we
make an entry of the amount on the
charge side of his account. When he pays
the whole or part of his bill we credit
him-that Is. we' make an entry of the
amount on the credit sfde of his account.
The charges are called debits, so that an
account consists of a list of debits on the
one side and a list of credits on the other
side. The debits are entered on the left
hand side and the credits on the right
hand side.
We must remember, however, that the
ledger may consist of several books — that
is to say, the charge entry may be made
in one book and the credit entry in an
other. The principle of double entry lies
in the fact that every charge or debit has
a corresponding credit, and the debits and
credits always balance.
We shall begin with a series of very
simple transactions and follow along step
by step until we reach transactions pre
senting a variety of complications.
Transactions.
1. Homer Carter Invests 5953 50 in busi
ness. •
Note— Credit Carter's account with the in
vestment and charge or debit the cash account.
The cash account is charged— that is, is held
responsible for the money on hand.
2. Bought for cash goods costing $531 25.
Vote— Credit the cash account with the money
paid out and charge the goods account with
the cost value of the goods received.
3. Sold goods for cash $189 20. ¦
Note— Cash is received and the cash account
Is debited (charged); goods are disposed of and
the goods account is credited.
4. Paid office expenses in cash $38 95.
Note— Credit • the cash account with the cash
pp.ld out and charge the same amount to ex
pente— that is, enter it upon the debit side of
the exoense account.
5. Bought goods valued at $573 35 on
credit from-James King.
Note— Debit (charge) the good* account for
the value of the goods received and credit
James King— that In. give him credit for what
he gave us that we have not yet paid for.
6. Bold goods billed at $5«2 80 on credit to
Samuel Harding.
Kote— Credit the goods account and debit
(charge) Harding. We charge him what we
gave him that he did not pay for.
7. Received from Samuel Harding cash
$150 on account.
Note— Debit the cash account and give Hard
inr credit.
8. Boueht goods valued at $238 75 from
James King; gave him cash $175; balanc
on account. |
Note— Debit the goods account with $238 71
and credit King with the same amount, then
credit the cash account with $173 and charge
King with $175. This makes a complete record
of the transaction*. It is really two transac
tions—first, goods bought on credit, cash paid
on account.
9. Sold goods valued at $235 60 to Samuel
Harding: received in payment cash $100;
balance on account. #
Note— Credit the goods account with $235 «0
and charge Harding with the same amount,
then debit the cash account with $100 and credit
Harding. We charge Harding with the entire
biU and then give him credit for what he paid.
10. Bought for cash goods costing $639 86.
Note— Credit the cash account with the money
paid out and charge the goods account with
the cost value of the goods received.
11. Paid office expenses in cash $52 35.
Note— Credit your cash account and charge
the amount to your expense account.
12. Bought goods valued at $373 42 on
credit from James Smith.
Note — Debit (charge) the good* account for
the value of the goods received and credit
James Smith— that Is. give him credit— for what
he gave us (Carter) that we have not yet paid
for. *
13. Sold goods billed at $944 SO on credit
to Samuel Packard.
Note— Credit the goods account and debit
(charge) Packard. We charge him with what
we gave him that he did nof pay for.
This is not a course In double entry
X. HOW TO DO DOUBIiE ENTBY.
NIGHT SCHOOL COURSE.
14. "Withdrew for private use cash $12 75.
Note— The cash account Is credited for the
amount withdrawn. If the item represented Is
an- expense of the business, gnch as salary.
It would be charged to expense, but if. aa in
this instance, it Is money drawn out by Car
ter for his own private use- the amount should
be charged to his account/ We therefore credit
cash end debit Carter. Carter really reduces
his capital this amount. .
15. Received from Samuel Packard $S3T S3
cash on account.
Note— The rash account is charged with th»
amount and Packard's account la credited.
16. Paid James Smith cash $123 on ac
count.
Note— We o-we James Smith $375 42. This
amount already appears on the credit side of
hU account-that is to say, he is one of Car
ter's creditors. Carter charges him now with
the $125 which he pays. Credit cash.
17. Bought goods valued at $337 40 from
Ralph Brown; gave him cash $75; balance
on account.
Note— Debit the roods account and credit
Brown s account with the full amount; this
comrletea the first part of ths transaction.
The second part calls for a credit of $75 In th#
caih account, which amount is charged to
Brown. Brown's account now shows that h»
becamw one of our (Carter's) creditors to th*
amount of J337 40. and further that he recetve.t
one payment- of $73.
13. Bold goods valued at 133 25 to Charles
Cameron; received in payment cash J110;
balance on account.
Not* — Credit the roods account with th»
value of the goods sold; charge Cameron with
the same amount For the -second transaction
debit cash $110 and credit Cameron
19. Borrowed $200 from Peter Henry, re
turnable on demand. Gave him a receipt.
Note— Charge the cash account with |3X> and
credit Henry with the same amount.
Note— this series of transactions and ex
planations will be continued in a subse
quent lesson.
XI. HOW TO DO SIMPLE EQUA
TIONS.
The questions offered In this lesson ar«
slightly more difficult than those pub
lished on October 15. If the student will
remember to follow the order here out
lined he will have little if any dlfflcut'.y
in solving the exercises:
1. Remove all brackets, changing: th©
signs where necessary. When a minus
sign precedes an expression Inclosed In.
brackets, as, (3x— 4) or —5 <x-f21). tho
signs within the brackets are changed
when the brackets are removed, as
— 3x + 4 and —ox — 105.
2. Carry all the unknown quantities—
that Is. all the term3 having x as one of
the factors— to the left-hand side, remem
bering to change the sign of each term
transferred, and carry all the known
quantities to the right-hand side, remem
bering also to change the sign of each
number transferred.
3. Simplify each side of the equation by
addition and subtraction. Remember that
you can change ' all ttie signs of an
equation without changing the truth of
the equation.
Illustrative Exercise.
Sx— 2 (9—4x1+3 (5X— 7>=10x— « a+fcO+Sl.
Remove brackets and we have:
6x-19-r8x+15x-21=10x_4-24x+51.
Bring unknown numbers to the left and
known numbers to tha right.
6x+Sx+15x— 10x+24x=lS+21— 4+51
Collect by addition and subtraction.
43x =S6
x = 2
Exercises for Practice.
Solve the following equations:
1. 6(5x— 3) — 14(9— x>=105x+133<x — 4)
2. (x+3) (x+4>— £=(x+l) (x+2)
3. (x+4) (x+4)-(x-3) (x+3>=57
4. <x-7) <x+3)-(x-4) (x+21)=0
5. 2x— 36=3x(x— 4>— x(3x— 8)
B. x(x— 3)+x(x+6)=(x+5> (2x+3V- 2«x
Problems which lead to equations con
sist of verbal statements of relations be
tween certain quantities, some of which
are unknown. It will be found that there
are always as many relations as there ar«»
' unknown quantities. If each relation Is
expressed in algebraical language, the un
known quantities being denoted by let
ters, an equation will be obtained. Thus
every problem leads to as many equations
as there are unknown quantities Involved.
-The solution of a problem consists In
the equations which express the>
Rations stated and then in solving the
Sedation? so obtained.
Illustrative Exercise.
Kind a number which when multiplied
by 5 exceeds 30 by as much as SO exceeds
the number.
Let x denote the number. Then 5x ex
ceeds 30 by an much as 30 exceeds x;
that is, 5x— 30 is equal to 30— x.
5x— 30=30— x
5x+x=30+30
6x = 60
X = 10
Thus 10 Is the required number.
Exercises for Practice.
7. Find three consecutive numbers whosa
sum is 135.
8. The sum of two num.bers Is 14 and 4
times the greater equals 8 times the less.
Find the numbers.
9. At an election 4669 votes were re
corded for two candidates. The successful
candidate had a majority of 283. What
was the total vote cast for him?
10. A man who walks at the rate of 4
miles an hour starts to walk from a town
A to another town B. 21 miles distant, at
the same time that another man wha
walks at the rate of 3 miles an hour
leaves to walk to A. "When will they
meet?
Answers.
(1) 2. (2> -3. (3) 4. (4) X (5> 6. fS) 15-15.
(7) 44. 45. 46. (8) 6. 8. (9> 2476 vote*.
(10) They will meet 3 hours after starting.
before Judge. Mogan yesterday. Th«
Judge, owing to the defendant's youth,
reduced the charge to disturbing th»
peace and the case was continued till
to-morrow.
New Insurance Officials.
-Officials of the Pacific Mutual Life In
surance Company of California announce?
that the vacancies In the directorate of
the company caused by the death of
George W. Beaver and of Samuel Laven
son have been filled. The new directors
are P. N. Lilienthal. manager of tho
Anglo-Callfornian Bank Ltd.. and Wake
field Baker of Baker & Hamilton.
The bellboys explored the tray and what
was left on It, even going so far as to
dive beneath the lumps of sugar and un
cover the empty teapot. But all in vain.
"Somebody has ctolen it if it isn't on the
tray." insisted the famous opera singer
but the words had hardly ceased to echo
through the corridor when a shrill "Oh, I
have found It" rang from Melba's apart
ments, and the bellboys heaved sigi-s of
relief.
"I am sure I left It on that tray," she
cried in a voice that brought everybody
in that part of the building to the scene.
Mme. Melba bad all the bellboys on the
fourth floor of the Palace on the qul vlve
oarly last evening. She had partaken of a
dainty lunch in her room, and the tray
had hardly been lodged In a corner of the
hall outside when the diva raced wildly
from her boudoir and declared to the be
wildered bellboys that her gold purse had
been stolen.
Melba and Her Gold Purse.
The management of the Grand Opera
house was highly, pleased with the way
In which the police handled this vexing
.problem. Last year the rain fell in tor
rents on the opening night of the grand
opera season, and although Sergeant Gor
man had arranged an excellent plan it did
not work as harmoniously as last night.
When the curtain fell on the n"nal act
of the opera the 'Ulrst nighters" poured
out of the lobby In great numbers. As
fast as they appeared Sergeant Gorman
and Corporal Bowlin ushered them to
carriages, irrespective of those they came
in. This was part of the plan agreed to
by the hack inspectors, and met with the
hearty approbation of the owners of the
vehicles. The pleasure seekers were driven
to their homes, and the jehus had their
orders to simply take their names and re
port to their employes the following morn
ing.
The carriages from the stables of the
United Carriage Company, Mlchaelson,
Kell & Son nnd Tompkins came down
Third street and east of the Grand Opera
house. . The carringes sent out by Conlon.
Nolan, Hoppe, Harris. Corbett and the
Pacific Carriage Company came inxfrom
the direction of Fourth street. The car
riages from the east drew up in front of
the theater and to the east of the en
trance, and the vehicles that came from
the direction of Third street dropped their
occupants to the west of the entrance. In
departing the drivers headed their horses
on a direct line, so that there was no
turning nor confusion.
Sergeant Gorman laid his plans for the
opera season before the tickets were on
sale. He had been instructed by his supe
riors to see to it that the grand opera
patrons were neither inconvenienced* nor
delayed in going to and from the opera
house, and he obeyed his instructions to
the letter.
At no time during the performance was
there" any danger of a panic in the
crowded house. On each floor of the thea
ter three policemen were stationed, and
their orders were not to leave their posts.
Doors that led to exits were kept in readi
ness to be thrown open by the watchful
policemen. Detectives in citizens' clothes
mingled with the audience and kept watch
for suspicious characters who might be
tempted to despoil the ladies of their
costly jewels. •
Captain Spillane will have his squad in
attendance at every performance and in
tends taking every precaution to prevent
accident or annoyance to the opera-goers.
As early as 7 o'clock carriages began
rolling up to the door. As fast as they
arrived Sergeant Gorman and Corporal
F. H. Bowlin opened the doors, and as
soon as the vehicles were emptied of their
human freight they were dismissed. The
prearranged system, of handling the car
riages worked to perfection. There was
not a delay nor a hitch during the entire
evening. ?
formance and by the management of the
opera company. Even Chief of Police Sul
livan, .who watched his men work, added
his meed of praise.
T.
Frank I. Turner. Dr. H. L. Tevis. Mr. and
Mrs. W. S. Tevis, Mrs. G. Taber, Mr. and Mrs.
C. F. Talbot, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Thompson.
Julius Thome, Mr. and Mrs. Trlest. Richard
s. \ , ",
Mr. and Mn?. Herman Shalnwald, Mr. and
Mrs. M. S. St*rn. L. 8. Sherman. Mr. and Mm.,
Max Pehwabach'er, Mr. and Mrs. Henry T.
Scott. Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Stetson. Edward A.
Sflfrldee, F. J. Symmes. Mr. and Mrs. Adolph
Steinberzer, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Sachs, Jo
seph A. Sllvorrnan. M. D. Stein. Mr. and Mr*.
3. C. Stubbs, Misses Edith and Mary Stubbs,
Mr. arid Mrs. James Stewart." Mr. and Mrs.
J. I. Sabln, Miss Pearl Sabln. Mr. and Mrs.
H. Sahlein, Mrs. Van Stow, Dr. and Mrs.
Thomas E. Shumate, Mr. and Mrs. W. B. San
born, Mr. and Mrs. Saulsburg, Hon M. C. Sloss
and wife, Mr. and Mrs. Strassburger, Mr. and
Mrs. Scheeline. Miss Sachs. Samuel M. Sam
ter. Harry Stetson. Dr. and Mrs. E. N. Short,
Dr Jamea F. Smith, MIsb M. Smith, Miss Lil
lian Sullivan, Mr. and Mrs. Irving M. Scott,
Ashton Stevens. Miss Snailley, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles A. Son. Jamos H. Scanlon, Mr. and
Mrs. Edward J. Stark.
Mr. and Mrs. Adolphe Roos, Jules Roos, Mr.
ami Mrs. J. Hasp, Mr. and Mrs. T. D. RIordan,
Ml«s Mamie Riordan, Mr. and Mrs. J. W.
Raphael, Dr. and Mrs. Rosenstein. Miss Ro
senstern Mr. and Mrs. A. P.osenbaum, MIfs B.
Rcden. Mr. and Mrs. Rolfe, Major Rathbone,
Oscar Rolleau, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Redlngton.
Leon Roos Jerry Rathbone. Alfred Rich. David
Rich, Samuel Reies, Archibald Rice, Mr. and
Mrs. Ross, Miss Ruth, Mr. and Mrs. Edward
Rolhchlld, Miss Viola Rodgers, Harrington
Reynolds, Mr. and Mrs. George Raphael, Mr.
and Mra x Isaac Raphael. $ ' •
and Mrs. Redmond" Payne. H.-D. Plllsbury,
Mrs. E. Patterson, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Pal
mer James Pringle, Edgar Pelxotto, Ralph
Piucus, Arthur Pasthelm. W. F. Perkins, Mrs.
Pratt, R. Prentice, Mr. and Mrs. George Polk.
D.
Mr. and' Mrs. James H. Doollttle, G: Des
more, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Dean, B. L. Davis,
Mr. and Mrs. H. L. Dodge, John S. Drum,
Miss Drum. Mr. nnd Mrs. A. N. Drown, Miss
Drown. Mrs. W. H. liunphy. Miss Dunphy.
flinrles Dunphy, Edwanl Diamond, Pascal
I)ubat:t. 13. N. Dean. Mrs. Dean. William
Drum, Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Deuprey, Gerald
Dillon Captain Dunleavy, Miss Katherine Dil
lon, Alfred Dodce.
E.
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred I. Esberg-, Mr. and Mrs.
Myer Ehrman, Mr. and Mrs. E. Ewell, Mr.
and Mrs. R. A. Eddy. Mr. and Mrs. (Peck Ep
plnger, Joseph Eber, Miss Freda Eber.
Mr*. William Frank and the Misses Frank.
Colonel and Mrs. W. H. Forwoed. Dr. and
Mrs. P. H. Flood. Jacob Frowenfeld,. Mr. and
Mrs. J. Follis, Ossle Frank. Mr. and Mrs.
Carey Frledlander, T. Daniel Frawley.
Q.
Edmond Godchaux. Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Gold
berg, Jacob Green, D. Greenbaum, Mr.
and Mrs. Philip G. Galpin. C. E.
Green Mr. and Mrs. Kueene Galloin,
George W. Glbbs, Mrs. S. M. Greenbaum.
W. H. Graves. R. Gordon, Mrs. George W.
Glbbs, Mit-s Qregorj) Fred S. Greenlee. Miss
Greenlee, Maurice Grau, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Gibson, Mr. and Mrs. Adam Grant. Mr. and
Mrs. Robert Green. E. L. Griffith, Mr. and
Mrs. Goldstein, Mr. and Mrs. Guggenhlmer,
Oscar Gantnfr.
H.
Mr. and Mrs. II. W. J. Hyman, Mr. and Mrs.
Robert Hochstadter. R. W. Hill, Mr. and Mrs.
Jacob Heyman. G. P. Hart, Mr. and Mrs. AV11
llam Haas. J. P. E. Helntz. Mr. and Mm. ¦Wil
liam F. Herrin, Mr. and Mrs. Walter S. Ho
bart. Mrs. Addlson E. Head. Miss Alice Hager,
Miss Ethel Hager. Mr. and Mrs. William Haes.
Miss Florence Hass, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Hey
man, J. F. Harrison, Miss Harrison, Mr. and
Mre. M. C. Harrison. Mrs. Hunt, Charles Han,
C S. Harris. William Hopkins. Homer Hen
ley, Mr. and Mrs. Philip Hastings, Mr. and
Mrc. Ocgocd Hooker. Joseph Howell, Offden
Hoffman, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Hyman. Charles
Hanlon and wife, Mr. and Mrs. Jerome Hart,
J. Hart. John Hurd and wife, Mr. and Mrs.
Edward Hamilton, Claude Terry Hamilton,
Harry Havens. Homer Hunt. Mr. and Mrs. M.
H. Hecht.
J.
Wlnfield E. Jones. Clinton Jones. W. D.
Jones, Mr. and Mrs. Milton Jones. Sidney Jo
seph, Mr. and Mrs. Frank H. Johnson, Webb
Jones. Amadee Joullin.
K. .
Mr. and Mrs. John C. Kirkpatrlck. F. Kel
lofTS. H. Kelner, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Kahn.
Dr. and Mrs. Charles M. Keener, Lansing Kel
logg. Percy Kahn. Jack Kllgarlff. Colonel Ko
walsky. Eugene Korn, Mr. and Mrs. Edward
Kelzan.
L.
Mr. and Mrs. Herman M. Levy, M. Lester.
Mrs. E. C. Latham, John Lawson, Mr. and
Llllenthal, Mrs. Jerome B. Lincoln, Mr. and
Mrs. M. S. Lowenthal. Mr. and Mrs. I. Llebes,
Miss Flora Llebes. W. E. Lester, Mr. and Mrs.
¦W. G. Lowry, Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Llvernash,
Mrs. Lockhead, Mr. and Mrs. Leventripp,
Harry J. Laek, Mr. and Mrs. Jules Levy, Mrs.
Latham, Milton Latham, E. J. Lyons, Mr. and
Mrs. W. S. Leake, Judge William F. Lawler,
Mr. and Mrs. 8. LIchtenateln. Albert Lyser.
Mien Alice Lyser. Miss Amanda Lowensteln,
Samuel Lowensteln.
M.
Mr. rrd Mrs. H. M. McAllister, F. W. Mc-
Near, W. J. McCoy, A. Montgomery. Q. J.
Musto and Mlrs Musto. J. G. Mudgett. James
K. Maffltt. M.' K. Marston, James Miller,
Charles Moraghan. Mies Elsie Moraghan, Mrs.
L. A. Morganstern, Miss Adele Morgansterp,
Mr. and Mra. II. Morean. Mr. and Mrs. Percy
Morgan. Mr. and Mrs. McBride, Mrs. C. Mack,
J. F. Mack, Mr. and Frank Maroney, W. Mich
elsen. Mr. and Mrs. John Morrissey, Mr. Fred
Mauzy. Mr. and Mrs. Gavin McNab. Mr. and
Mrs. William Moser, Mr. and Mrs. Mulcahey,
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Magee.
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Neuetadter, Mr. and Mm.
S. Xiekelsbursr. Gustave Niebaum. Mr. and
Mrs. J. Newman. Captain and Mrs. Nevin, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Naphtaly, Mme. Nordlca, Miss
Daisy Van Neea, Mr*. Van Buren, Miss Mary
Van Buren, Edward Van Benten, 'Mr. and Mrs.
Samuel Newman. Mr. and Mrs. Percy More,
Mr. and Mrs. Neustadter. Mrs. S. Newman.
i\i O.
Mr, and Mrs. Frank O'Kane, J. B. Oyster,
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Oxnard. Mr. and Mm.
Fremont Older. Selby Oppenheimer.' Mr. and
Mrs. Henry Oppenheimer. Mrs. Belle Oppen
heimer, Robert. E. O'Connell.
P.
j J. C. Paton, F. Parsons, E. S. Plllsbury, Dr
B.
Francis J. Bruguiere. William H. Bremer.
Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Brandenstein, Mr. and Mrs.
Alexander Boyd. Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Bucking
ham, E. D. Baylor, Mr. and Mrs. L. H. Bishop.
Mr. and Mra W. B. Bourne. R. A.
Boffges. Dr. and Mrs. L. Bazet. Mr.
and Mrs. Sam G. Buckbee, Joseph
E. Barry, Edmond Burke, Al Bremer, Miss
Beck, Mr. and Mrs. George Boyd, J. N. Brent,
Thomas F. Barbler, Chnrles W; Baird. Miss
Baird. Otto Bachman, A. Burge. Sol Bloom,
Alfred Bouvier. \V. B. Bowen, Mr. and Mrs.
George Bates, I. I. Brown, William J. Byrne,
Mrs. Byrne. Mr. and Mrs. B. Brown. Miss
Brown. Harry Bookrlch, Mr. and Mrs. Naslee
.Burk, Mr. ond Mrs. Baird. Mr. and Mrs. Eu
gene Bresse. Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Bowers.
c.
Mr. and Mrs. John B. Casserly, Mr. and Mrs.
Henry J. Crocker. A. Callleau, J. I.,. Coster,
Clement C. Clay. John CafTrey. Mr. and Mm.
C. T. Canfleld, Mrs. XV. Clabroiiffh. Mr. and
Mrs. Maurice Casey, Mrs. Gertrude Cowles,
Robert Coleman, Mr. and Mrs. Cralp, Mr. and
Mrs. Herman Oohn. Miss Cohn, Miss Collier.
Herbert Cloyburit. Edward Costlcan. Mr. and
Mm. Cousrhlan. Mr. and Mrs. Crelllrr. Mr. and
Mrs. Simon Clayburgr. J. C. Crawford. Mi&s
Mabel Craft. Miss Pauline Cousins, Herbert
Cook, Mrs. Cook. Miss Cook. Mr. and Mrs. Abe
Collier.
nold, Mr. and Mrs. H. Adler, Leo Alexander,
Michael Alexander.
United : States Circuit Judge Morrow
handed down an opinion yesterday In
which he gave judgment in favor of the
plaintiff In the case of George Herring vs.
Modesto Irrigation District. The suit was
brought by ¦ Herring, a British cubject, to
recover 1176 coupons of the value of $13
each, attached to 271 bonds of $500 each,
issued by the defendant. ; *. •
Modesto Irrigation District Loses.
The university extension lecture under
the auspices of the University of Califor
nia will be ; given at ; the ; Young Men's
Christian Association Auditorium Mason
and Kills streets, this eveninsr at 8 o'clock
by Louis Dyer, M. A., of Oxford, on "My
cenaean Greek Art." Through the courtesy
of Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst, the lecture will
be free to the public. Many beautiful
illustrations will be shown by means of
•tereopticon. . , . .
Dr. Dyer of Oxford to Lecture.
The'body of the man who was killed
last Saturday by a ehock from an elec
tric bulb in the brewery near the corner of
Sixteenth and Valencia streets was iden -
tifled in the Morgue yesterday as thatto'
Heinrich Druse, a native of Hamburg,
Germany, 54 years old. He was a physi
cal wreck, destitute alike of hope and oc
cupation. .
Identified as Heinrich Druse.
The first arrest In the Hall of Justice
was made yesterday by Policeman J. C.
Edwards. D. Bernardi, an agent, was
under the t influence of liquor and annoy
ing peopla, when Edwards arrested him
and sent him upstairs to the City Prison
on a charge of "drunk."
First Arrest in Hall of Justice.
William Banks, a colored soldier at the
Presidio, was arrested yesterday by De
tectives Dillon and Crockett and booked
at the City Prison on a charge of burg
lary. He is accused of breaking into the
second-hand store of. Tarilla & Nievl. 5
New Montgomery avenue, and stealing a
valuable lamp and other articles which
he sold to another second-hand dealer on
Vallejo street.
Colored Soldier Burglar.
William Haywood to Give Up His
Position as Revenue Collector
in Honolulu.
Among the passengers on board the
China, "which arrived In port yesterday]
was William Hay wood:- Internal Revenue
Collector at Honolulu. Mr. Hay wood
came to San Francisco to wire his resig
nation to the Treasury Department. He
has been ottered the position of Washing
ton representative of the Honolulu Cham
ber of Commerce and the Sugar Planters'
Association and he:' hopes to be able to
tf.ke up his new work in the American
capital early In December.
w r. Haywood was appointed Internal
Revenue Collector by President McKinley
last June. During the Harrison adminis
tration Haywood was the Consul General
at Aix-la-Chapelle. He has /also been
connected with the department of State
atiWashlngton and his other Government
offices have Included a position on the
Alabama Claims Commission.
?Mr. Haywood expects to return to Hon
olulu on the China," where' he will remain
until relieved by. his successor..
COMES TO THIS CITY TO
1 RESIGN PLACE OF HONOR
Write for new catalogue of watches. Jewelry
and silverware. Invaluable to out-of-town pur
chasers. Hammersmith & Field. 36 Kearny st. •
James Campbell, Produce Broker, Al
leges That the Boy Has Threat
ened His Life.
James Campbell, a produce broker, had
his son. James Campbell, arested for va
grancy and the case came up before Jus
tice of the Peace Barry In Judge Conlan's
court yesterday morning. The father said
he wanted the boy detained in prison till
he could make arrangements to place him
on a deep-water vessel. He had done so
before and it did the boy good, but since
his return he had got into bad company
again and had threatened to kill him. He
was afraid the boy would go insane. The
boy's elder brother was in court and
asked the Judge to allow Jamei to go
home with him. saying he would keep him
till a vessel was found on which he could
sail
The Judge allowed the boy to go with
his brother on the understanding that he
would not visit his father's house and the
case was continued till to-morrow.
Nash Ferrer, the stable boy who fa
tally stabbed W. J. Sullivan of Sullivan
& Doyle's livery stables. Sixth and Clara
streets, October 1, was held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Ca
baniss yesterday on a charge of man
slaughter in $3000 bonds. The Judge in
giving his decision pointed to the fact
that before the stabbing Sullivan had
knocked Ferrer down and kicked him.
Feopillo Bustamento. who stabbed Aure
lio Avallo with a bowie knife during a
fight over Concepclon Gonzales, a woman
living on Hinckley alley, was held to an
swer before the Superior Court by Judge
Cabaniss yesterday on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon in $2000 bonds.
James Reynolds. Army street, secured
a warrant from Judjre Cabaniss yesterday
for the arrest- of "John Doe" Johanson.
son of Carl Johanson. tailor, Market
street, on the charge of discharging fire
arms within the city limits. Sunday the
boy had a toy rifle and to show a com
panion what a fine marksman he was,
fired at a horse belonging to Reynolfls.,
which was in a vacant lot on Carolina
street, and killed It.
Arthur Williams, a colored boy who
robbed th# till In I. Potmall's candy store.
1019 Van Ness avenue, and was , arrested
on a charge of burglary, had the chareft
reduced to petty larceny by Judge Fritz
and was sentenced to six months In the
County Jail.
Robert McNelll. 12 years of age. who
broke Into a store on Market street near
Kighth. early Sunday morning and
i iitola chewing gum and candy, appeared
FATHER HAS HIS SON
CHARGED WITH VAGRANCY
Wounded in the Hip by Charges From
Guns of Fellow
Hunters.
Edward Moldrup. head bookkeeper for
Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson, met with a
painful and nearly fatal accident last
Sunday. In company with V. J. Strobel
of Haywards and T. A. Colestock, he
went quall-huntlng. The sport was onlv
fair and the dogs, getting tired, refused
to work. One of the animals was sen:
Into a small ravine, and when It failed 10
return Moldrup went after it.
Suddenly a covey of quail was flushed
and both Strobel and' Colestock, thinking
the dog had done the work, fired at the
low-flying birds. A scream of agony told
them that some one had been hurt. Thev
rushed down the hill and found Moldrup
writhing on the ground. A considerable
quantity of shot from loth guns had
struck him in the hip and thigh and he
was bleeding profusely.
i With considerable trouble Moldrup. was
removed from the canyon and carried to
the home of Mr. Strobel at ilaywarda
There a doctor was called In and much of
the bird shot extracted. Moldrup is in a
precarious condition owing to the danger
of blood-poisoning.
EDWARD MOLDRUP
ACCIDENTALLY SHOT
Gustav Videau Sues French Hospital
Association to Recover Damages
for Alleged Wrongful Acts.
Gustav S. vfdeau filed suit yesterday
against La Societe Francalse de Blenfals
ance, otherwise known as the French
Hospital Association, to recover $10,000
damasres for the death of his Wife, Mar
garet Videau, which he says resulted from
the wrongful actions of the defendant cor
poration.
Videau alleges that although he was a
member of the association In good stand
ing his wife was refused admission to the
hospital, though 111 unto death, by Super
intendent . Bousquet and Dr. Barkan on
October 12 last. The physicians, who d«
nled her admittance claimed she was suf
fering from delirium tremens, it-is alleged,
but based their conclusion on a very cur
sory examination. Subsequently it is
claimed, it was found that Mrs.' Videau
was suffering from Jaundice, which occa
sioned her delirium. Mrs. VIdeau's re
moval from place to place after having
been turned from the doors of the French
Hospital oause-1 her death." the plaintiff
claims, and on behalf of himself and sev
en minor children he demands judgment
as stated. < ,
-LAYS BLAME FOB WIFE'S
DEATH ON THE SOCIETY
¦ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1900.
Continued From Page Three.
GRAND OPERA OPENING
(Photo by Genthe.)
ALFRED I30UVIER. RESIDENT
MANAGER FOR GRAU.
W.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
NIGHT SCHOOL: HOW TO DO THINGS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
7
ADVEETISEMENTSL
? WiEHY IS HEALTHFUL?
o %flR a * nra^ Mineral Water >
0 Etf| *'th medicinal qualities, 0
o £lPff5L Stomach Disordsrs. °
l^mso-callcd VICHY |
? e££||fl«| IN SIPHONS %
fffimw VICHY f
? fe^j^lp.^ Get the Genulns o
? Mm R3 E9 ¦dtii nil sSfg °
o A. V1GN1ER. Distributing Aeent |
?©?©?©?©?©?©?O<*w*o*o#9*O»O*
Aftcr-Thcotcr Refreshments.
The completeness of tbe arrangement!
made for your entertainment in tho Sun-
per Room can be estimated when it Is
known that the attributes re«i>onalble for
the popularity of the Grill Rooms are in
evidence here. Delightful music, prompt
service, moderate charges. Open every
evening (Sundays excepted) from 9:30 to
12 o'clock. Entrance from the court and
main office.
Palace Hotel Supper Room.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS,
STRICTCRES and analogous complaints of the
OriranF of Generation.
Price II a bottle. For sale by druggists.
AMUSEMENTS.
VrfVLUOOfi« www
A BULLSEYE HIT!
FRANK DANIELS
And His Entire New Tork Company in His
Latest Comic Opera. Success.
THE AMEER
Music by Victor Herbert. *
EVERT NIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
ANOTHER BIG HOUSE LAST NIGHT.
THE BIG MUSICAL BENBATION OF TWO
CONTINENTS.
THE ROYAL MARINE BAND OF ITALY
TO-NIGHT'S PROGRAMME:
1. ilarrh .'. "American Navy"
2. Overture "Rlenzl"
S. l.arp Solo Signor Setaro
4. Melody in F Rubinstein
5. "Fatlst" Walt* and Chorus
t. Felection "The Singing Girl"
7. Tenor Solo ....F, Glannlni
8. Idylle "Hearts and Flowers"
i. Art I "Puritan!."
USUAL. POPULAR PRICES.. 75c. 60c and 25c.
*TSVQLI*
LAST WEEK OF GRAND OPERA.
TO-NIGHT, Thursday Niftht, Saturday
Matinee, .
"MIGNON." -
COLLAMARINI AS MIGNON.
— - . ¦» ; . - .
Wednesday Evening, -
'* BRNANI." '
fritty Evening, "CAVALLBRIA" and "PACLIACd"
Batnrdty ETening, "OTHELLO."'
. Sunday Night -CARMEN."
NEXT MONDAY— Gala opening of the Comic
Opera Season.
Stupendous Scenic Production . of
"THE JOLLY MUSKETEEH."
POPULAR PRICES 23c and 60c
NEW SHOW '.JEW PEOPLE !
ANNA BOYD, MR. AND MBS. DAN
HIATT, WM. J. HYNES, THE
DUNHAM FAMILY, JES-
SIE COUTHOUI.
NORAH BATES, PRELLE'S TALKING
DOGS. DOLAN AND LENHAKR. j
Reserveil Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chair* and Box Beats, COc.
Matiaee— Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
Miss Irkstb Ackebmajj, the well-known dramatic reader, writes us the following
letter from her residence, 20 W. 15th Street, New York City. This talented and
Tersatile young lady has made an enviablo name for herself on the stage by her
excellent work in Bapport of some of the leading start, besides being noted in
literary and art circles as an adept with.
>^gj^S^>s. the pen and pencil. She is justly proud
y/jfSfffi^&^L of her magnificent head of hair, which i3
J^S^^^^^l shown to advantage in the accompanying
T$j$S^&^^i$5^ " Somo time c *°> "^hen my hair was
(t£ti{!£3Br\ ~ :^XJlS$k brushed, I noticed more aud more the
\lflW fiK&lF increase of hair left on tho comb. My
WeB V^^ 6calp became dry and my hair grew thin
\ -IP 6O ra Pidly that I had to change the style
iXt *re& If °' wearing it. I then tried various hair
w/4 ****V§ tonits, the effect of which was to make
/^l| ni y scalp exceedingly tender, and the
n^J&rlA - st *^ an<^ brittle when dry. I re-
01t%$y$k ¦"^¦¦%^^W-^ r-olved to try Coticura Soap. Tho com-
'^M^mRh --" fort 1 experienced beforo I had given it
$&'&$&*$) l^W^ a long trial wasso great that I determined
t^fyc$?jjt&¥? /Sj to continue it. Taking c;iro to liavo tho
/iy&-~^*jtfj' *£« roo:n warm, "I would shampoo my head
'^W&JYt^' * with a 6trong lather of Cuticuka Soap,
?. letting it remain for some time. I would
fWA&Ydf ~*t then wash it off with wann wntor, and
'mtf&/L3 •s^ r ~^~ / ~^ =^ _j. 1 dry thoroughly. After a short time my
fe*w> ) *^\ ia ' r c 01186^ coming out, growing soft and
/ 6!lky to the touch. Cdticuba Soap is
f*' i marvellous, and I would not he without
it for my toilet table."
SAVE TOUR ITAIR with shampoos of Ccticuha SOAr and light dressings of CtJTionu,
purest of emollient skin cures. This treatment at once stops falling hair, removes crusts,
•caJce, and dandruff, soothes Irritated, Itching 6urfaccs, stimulates the hair follicles,
supplies the roots with energy and nourishment, and makes the hair grow upon a Bweet,
wholesome, healthy scalp when all else falls.
fsgspj ftiELUONS OF WOMEN
r^dfniSr Z CuTIcrnA P° Ap exclusively for prceervine, purlfyine, and beautifying the
j£>^||i|£s4 skin, for r'r.-ir.F'.ng the scalp cf crusts, orales, iiiid dandruff, «Dd the stopping of
yC*wfc*«j|S felling hsii , for *of tcninc, whitening, and toothins rt'<3, rouyh, tinii sore haod", in
nfi TiTtj^j[ the form of lia'.bs for aunoying irritaUoos atid chafing*, or too free or offeu*lve
Wigrfgjiw* porspirati >n, in the form of wasbei for nlceratlve r\caknes^e^, ntid for many
Rewceb antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves to women, aud especially
I*c-sm!Li. mothers, and for all the purposes of the tailct, bath, aud nursery.
Bold throughout the -world. Price, CSc. Potter Dbco a*d Casa. Coar., Solo Props.,
Ccticcba Rc£El>ies. " Ail about tfea Etta, Scalp, aad llxdr " free.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
The purest and surest shorten-
ing is .
WHITE COTTO1ENE.
No such thing as failure in
your baking if you use
WHITE COTTOLENE.
J5Ur~ "'rifeaft The NXFalr bank Company.
fCLwftlf' Chicago— Sole Manufacturer*.
VtSPiSiOl FRIlIE ' Our d «'n«y booklet.
ratSJ-Sif jSaaT ™»"«i ' r »* *" any address. Kor
KHgft?t3K4^C. one ic st.imp we will send free our
I»H§)MraBi t» page recipe book. -Horn*
S^mm^^f Ucipa,- edited by ilr». Ronr.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND PERA
SE4SOJV/
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
AT
Morosco's Grand Open House.
THIS KVEXING at 8 O'clock Wagner's Op*ra
•TANNHAUSER." (In German.)
Mmfi. Gadski. Olitzka and Susan Strong: MM.
Van Dyck. Bias*. Bar*. Muhlma.no.
Hubennet. Vivlanl and Blspham.
Conductor Mr. Walter Damrosch.
"WEDNESDAY EVENTXQ. November 14th. at 8
o'clock. Verdi' e Opera,
"AIDA." Hn Italian.)
Mrn»s. IConSlra. Bauenneister and Louis*
Homer: Mil. S<-ottl. Plancon. Jonniet,
Maselro and Imbart de la Tour.
Conductor Big. ManclneUL
THURSDAY EVENING, November 15th. at I
o'clock. Gounod's Opera.
"FACST." an French.)
Mm»>. Melt>a. Bauermelster. Homer: MM.
Kaloza, <'ampanari. DufHche and Plaxioon.
Conductor M. Fl«n.
FRIDAY EVENING. November 16th. at 8 \
o'clock. Wagner's Opera,
"DEB FUEGENPE HOLLANDER," The
Flying Dutchman, tin Gennan.)
ftfrnes. Gadski and Olitzka: MM. Dippel. Blass,
Bars er.d BiFpham.
Conductor Mr. Walter Da^nrosch.
FATriJDAT AFTERNOON. November 17th. at
2 o'clock. Donizetti's Opera,
"LfCIA DI LAMMEnMOOR." (In Italian.)
Hir.es. Me'.ba. Eauermeister: MM. Scottl, Ban,
Joumet, Maseiro and CremonlnL
Conductor Big. ManclneUL
SATURDAY EVENING. November 17th. at 8
o'clock. Warner's Operm,
"LOHENGRIN." <in German.)
Mme*. Nord'.ra and Schumann-Heink; MM,
Van Dyck. V.:>\ ham. Muhlmann and
Ed. de Reszke.
Conductor Mr. Walter Damrosch.
Good Seats for All at Above Performances on
Sale at Bex Offlce.
PRICES— Orchestra and Drest Circle. $7;
Pack Rows of Orchestra. *5; FTamlly Circle.
13, Gallery. *2: all reserved. Boies. $49 to |«0.
General Admiseton $2.00.
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
FUND AT EVENING NEXT, November lSth.
FIRST POPULAR NIGHT.
"IL TROVATORE."
Mme*. N"r<5if-a. Van Cauteren and Olitzka;
MM. Carr.r>a.r,ari. .Tournet. MaEelro and
Dippel.
Popular Prir*«— V. and $2: gallery, $L
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
REPERTOIRE FOR NEXT WEEK
MONDAY "LA BOHEME*
TTF.FDAY "DON GIOVANNI"
WEDNESDAY "ROMEO ET JULIETTE"
THURSDAY "TANNHAUSER"
FRIDAY "LES HUGUENOTS"
SATURDAY MATINEE "LOHENGRIN"
SATURDAY NIGHT 'FAUST'
WEBER PIANO USED.
THIS (TUESDAT) NIGHT.
LAST PERFORMANCE.
"LOST PARADISE.".
TO-MORROW.
Wednesday A CYCLONE OF FUN!
N and ht His Absent
Balance of p ATr f
Week. EOyi
A. M. Palmer's CameJy Hit.
ALF ELLING HOUSE.. Proprietor and Manager
PHONE SOUTH 770.
ANOTHER nLAZE OF GLORY
SUCCESS FOLLOWS SUCCESS!
Every Evening- This Week.
• TO*OUR LADY PATRONS: DON T :
• MISS THIS SATURDAY MATINEE! :
Swci'al" Attraction Offered.
The Pooular Comedian ,¦
FRANK TANNEHILL
And His Excellent Company in the Great
Eastern Success
"A YOUNC WIFE!"
A TRULY GREAT PERFORMANCE!
Werybody's Verdict— Youny and Old.
Evening 15c. 23c 33c. SOc and 75c
Matinee lf«. »?. 25c and SOc
Next Sunday Afternoon— The World-B«ater,
HOTTP- -"A STRANGER IN NEW YORK."
First Time Ever at Popular Price*
RACING I RACING ! RACING !
1500-WINTER MEETING— 190L
CALIFORISIA JOCKEY CLUB.
NOV. «D TO NOV. 17TH, INCLUSIVE.
" OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racinft Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thun-
tuy Friday and Saturday. Rain or shin*.
Five or ro«re racet each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. '
I-Vrry- boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
32ZO 1. 1:30. 2, 2:30 and s p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at tbe entrance to tb«
track. Last two cars on train reserved - for
ladies and their escorts ; no emoklnK. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric car* at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also alt trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with Ban Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
end Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
go direct \o the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave tbe track at 4:1S and
4°tS p m and immediately after tbe last race.
THOMAS IL WILLIAMS JR.. Pre»ldent.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary. !____
PTQPWPR'Q CONCERT HOUSE..
rlbuniln & ;d ffl i M - l(m 10-.
Facci. Puerarl, Alleeandronl, Irene and
Beatrice, Harry Walton, the Morrlsee. Claire
Tex and second act of "Tra*Mata."~
it*»«rved eeate. Z5c. Matinee Sunday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CoKcjHij^salSGlB
LICBIG
ICOMEAFrs XXTRACTl
ITrv a «
;•• Put on a pair of our $3.50 fa
ij: shoes and you have on shoes V:~
; fe that will please you in style, %
¦j'; wear dnd price. You can R
::'¦ get shoes for $3.50 at any if
'::} shoestore, but our $3.50 shoes LV:
- rj:j bear a significance — the qual- P;'
[•!i ityis far better than tha\ found ;.;:
I in the usual shoes at the price. '••;
1 , Ladies' Lace Shoes, made £
fl j of box calf, with heavy ex- ;i :
fj;! tended soles— swell, manish- J:
Ji-ifl looking shoes^ — price )':'•
Mb: ;'$3;50. a pair. |
fM Children's and Misses' .Lace jj:i
;::: or Button Shoes, in kid or..'; 1 :
jj! calfskin, with extended soles — ¦;•!
% . Sizes 6 to 8..... $1.OO 'i
I Sizes 8# to 11... 1.25 %
5: Sizes 11 V2 to 2... 1.50 i £
jjj A new pair free if they don't •;:
$ I wear to your satisfaction. {•'¦ ,
t: ; -i IY'^" BMEBLV LUCKES *%# f; 1
pi J MARKET ST.S.F ,kMONDAY. Nov. 12-2:30 p. m
There was a very fair business on the morn
ing session of the Bond Exchange, with' an ad
vance in Contra Costa Water to $71, and In
Oceanic Steamship to $98 75. The feeling was
flrm all along the line;
In the, afternoon Contra Costa Water ad
vanced to $71 50. Oceanic to $99 and Hawaiian
Commercial to $86. . ....
The oil stocks were quiet and not materially
changed. » ,
The Mexican Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10c. - » .
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.-Buslness ' was very
slow in the market for metals to-day, with th<i
undertone gene+ally quiet, with the • exception
of spelter, which was a shade higher on good
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. Nov. 12.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat
Saturday. November 10. as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange is as follows:
Bushels. Increase. Decrease
Wheat 60.703,000 669.000
Corn fi.785.000 1 igs'fim.
Oats 12.642,000 44OOT
Rye l,186,C00 86,000 ,'
Barley 3,509.000 ....... I02*6o6
Visible Grain Supply.
CHICAGO. Nov. U.-CATTLE-Recelpts 24
000, Including 600. Texans . and 200 Westerns
generally 10c lower; good to prime steers J3 40©
6 90; poor to medium, S4 40fi5 SO; feeders steadf
$375#4 40- mixed rtockers, J2 50®3 50 cows'
choice .BtUay. |2 6O'(j4 40; hrlfenr « /5fl4 7S :
canners. |l 25® 2 00; bulls, J2r«2 50; calves jia
4 75; Texas fed steers. J4fi4 90- grass 1,«
13 3Of?4 10; bulls. J2 60©3 25 K steer-,
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 23,000; to-morrow 24 -
000; left over, 2300; 15c higher- jipiivb-
and butchers. $4 73@5 10; good to choice hSiv^
U 90«5 10; rough heavy, J4 73@4 S3- ° ght 14 75
©5 O7V4: bulk of sales. »4 90«5 05 g ' * 4 7 °
SHEEP— Receipts. 24,000; firm; lambs weak
to 10c lower, except choice; good to choice
wethe/s. U<S* 40; fair to choice mixed $3 803
* J°i. Western ahcep. 1404 40; Texas sheep, *2C0
£ 3 &: native lambs. *4 ZSQG 50; Western lambs;
?4 S-'Vio 40. , . '
Opening .' £°& Ma^ un «'
cl F !o n u e r-: 1985 ««
c^ng 5 .:::::-::::;::::;::;;i?g ™
Chicago Livestock Market. .
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Feb Mai-
Opening 6 Ui I ¥v r ;
Closing 6 £ _ \\\*
PARIS. A
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was active; creamery, 15@23c; dairies
12't2©1Sc. Cheese, active, 10@llVic. Eggs quiet'
fresh. 20c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 14,000 86 000
Wheat, bushels 127.000 53S 000
Corn, bushels 222.000 596,000
Oats, bushels 127,000 297 000
Rye. bushels 4,000 3,000
Barley, bushels 67.000 70,000
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet
and unchanged Xo. 3 spring wheat, 6S@'"3'4c;
No. 2 red, 73^e; No. 2 corn, 39H«40c; No. 2
yellow, 39Vi'533aic; No. 2 oats. 22V4Q23c: No 2
white, 26 I ,i©27 1 / ic; No. 3 white, 23'/4S27e; No.
2 rye, 4Sc; fair to choice malting barley, ib@
5Sc; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 SO^fl SI; No. 1 North
western. $1 S7%; prime timothy seed, {4 1034 20
mess pork, per barrel, $10 50@10 60; Iard7 per
100 pounds, $7 13(37 17'4; short ribs sides (loose)
$6 PCS7 10; dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6«4@
6 T *c; short clear sides (boxed), (6 73@8 83
whisky, basis of high wines, Jl 27; clover, con
tract grade, $10.
NT7W TORK. Nov. 12— The first decisive.set
back to the upward course of prices which has
bt*Ki in full swing in the stock market since
Wednesday morning ¦ last occurred to-day and
conservative circles In Wall street breathe
easier as a consequence. The headlong paxe
at which the epeculatlon has proceeded haj
been the cause of uneasiness lest some un
toward event should precipitate a violent de
cline Trlth disastrous results. To-day's late
reaction was largely due to manipulation by
professional bears and there were indications
that eome of the large bull Interests were ac
quiescent In the movement. A prolonged and
extensive advtmce, such as that of the last
•week, attracts a following of weak specula
tors, whose liability to fright force liquida
tion en a very slight reaction and are a menace
and an obstruction to the more powerful bull
epeculators. This latter class sometimes wink
c.t a bear attack in order to Ehake oft thU
undesirable following. There was an enor
mous amount of profit-taking accomplished
during the tarty hours of the day by profes
sional speculators, who began to feel doubts
over the continuance of the heavy buying de
mand for stocks. Interests which had thus
told out were willing to see lower prices in '
orfier to buy back stocks. It looked at one '
time, however, as though the abtorpUve power
of the market was sufficient to carry througu
this realizing; and lift prices to a higher level,
¦a wes the case many times during last week's
rampant bull market- High prices for the day,
in fact, were made by a large number of stocka
after the early reaction and the speculation
had shifted into the standard railroad etociu.
co aa to give a healthier tone to the market
than during the morning, when the widest
movements were In the mercurial specialties.
Th« stiffening of the call money rate *-as tba
most effective factor in inducing the ate re
action. Skillful speculators have kept a watch
ful eye on this index of money conditions to
detect the first Fipnal of danger that the bor
rowings for speculative purposes were ovtr
runslng the available resources of the money
market. Saturday's barjc statement was to
confusing and so far removed from prelimin
ary estimates that Us unfavorable features
•were ignored this morning, the more so as
money continued to be offered at 4 per cent.
It is not likely that there was any actual
pressure upon speculative borrowers to-day, but
the effect upon speculative Interest of th'r rise
in the money rate to 5 per cent was conclusive.
The sensitiveness of opinion to this indication
and the success of the professional attack upon
the market after the many failures of last
week warrant the supposition that the eager
rush to buy stocks has at last begun to show
signs of Fatiety. The elgns were not clear
this morning when orders to buy came, into
the market in seemingly undiminished volume,
hut by noonday the activity had sensibly
fallen off and the later recovery in prices had
a somewhat artificial appearance, the rise
shifting from one stock to another, giving the
market a epotty appearance and leaving the
point* of strength somewhat 'solated. Penn
sylvania, which has been reactionary for sev
eral days past, was the leader of the recovery
at en extreme advance of 2»i points. But it
had a large following among other substantial
railroad stocks, which roee from 1 to Us points.
The earlier advance In the steel stocks hai
run ft* high es 5 points in Tenners'?* Ooa4 and
from 2 to 2'4 in the leading industrials an-J
epeciajties. Including the local traction stock*.
Humors have boen current during the day of
hostile intentions between the Steel and Wire
and Federal Steel companies and these stocks
ruCered most severely in the late break. Fe.J
tr*l Ftefl reacting 3'« and Steel and Wire S%.
The selling on reaction was precipitate, but
not in aa large volume as the buying on the
advance. Many of the industrial stocks sut
fered to the extent of between 1 and t% points.
Tn the railroads the losses from the best ran
between 1-4 In the principal stocks and lit
Pennsylvania reached l%i. Covering by shortu
arrested the decline, but the closing was un
fiettlod and with speculative opinion very un
certain. Pacific Mall was reactionary through
out the day and ' American Linseed preferred
lost 0V».
Th* bond market was very active and prices
advanced Ftrongly. but reacted to Bom<- extent
in Fympathy with stocks. Total sales, par
value. 15.315.000.
T.'nlted State* refunding 2s, when issued, de
clined H<\ the 3s and old 4e 'i and the as
>i j<t cent on the last call. The new 4s ad
vanced '/«.
NEW. YORK STOCK LIST.
FVsr'-s Closing
Fold. Stock— Bid.
33.6C0 Atchlson '. 35«i
ST.rrs Atchifon prefd 77*i
30.110 Baltimore & Ohio S<Hj
£00 Canadian Pacific ...+. :.. S9
2.110 Canada Southern - £6*i
7..V.0 Chf-caj>eake & Ohio 32H
1.4'i0 Chicago Great Western 13*»
Z2,:,rt> Chicago. Burlington & Qulncy 133^
300 Chicago. Ind & Louisville 24
1.2.-.0 r*hicago, Ind & Louisville prefd 57%
1.000 <."hicago &»Eastem Illinois W
3.700 Chicago & Northwestern 16S
Chicago, Hock Island & Pacific.... 133'4
2.3H0 C C C & Pt Louis 65
i.yiO Colorado Southern .-. 6'i
*.?(<> Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41
1.O60 Colorado Southern Jd prefd 17 .
J.OfO Delaware & Hudson 113> T
C27 Delaware, Lick & Western 179
5.110 Denver A U!o Grande 21*4,
2.«i0 I*»nver & Itto Grande prefd 73*i
1.<C« Erie 13H
3.4N0 Krie 1st prefd 37»4
3,tf<6 Great Northern prefd I6S4
Sfrft Hocking <"oal I7V4
I.«*i« Hocking Valley 254
l.r/m Illinois Central I22'i
4.<fifl Iowa <Vntral I0»i
2.M* Iowa <"Vniral prefd 45»^
K>0 Lake Kri» & Western •.' S7'i
Lake KriH & Western prrfd 10G
Lake Shore 210V1
12,r:70 LouUvllle & Nashville 7»>4
31.r67 Manhattan derated 107ft
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
November 73H ¦ 74>i 73V4 74Vi
December 74ft 74% 73% 744
January 75 754 74% 75J-;
Corn No. 2 — I
November Z9% S?% 39'i 39«i
December 36 36V4 3o*i 36H
May 36% 37 36% 36T»
Oats No. 2—
November 21T4 21^ 21% 21%
December 22V4 22% 224 22ii
May 24H 24>i 244 24Vi
Mess pork, per barrel-
November 10 50 10 50 10 CO 10 50
January 11574 U 80 11674 1170
May 1170 11 85 1170 ll'75
Lard, per 100 pounds —
November :.. 7 10 7 10 7 10 7 10
December 6 95 7 024 6 95 7 024
January 6 H4 6 92V4 ' 6 S2VJ 6 90
May 6 874 6 95 6 S74 6 95*
Short ribs, per 1C0 pounds —
November 6 724 6 73 6 70 6 75
January 6 15 6 274 6 15 6 25
May 6 30 6 35 6 274 6 30
¦» — • .*
CHICAGO, Nov. 12.— During the fore part of
the session wheat felt the effect of the world's
shipments, which were 9.000,000 bushels, com
pared with 8,400, COO bushels last week. De
cember opened '4c lower to unchanged at 74@
74'ic and for half an hour despite pressure
from longs held steadily slightly under flrat
figures. At the end of that time, however,
the price gave way and dropped to 7JVi@73*gc.
An advance at Antwerp of SO centimes, equal
to 24c here was reported. While longs were
busy unloading this morning bears were going
j-hort and a shift of sentiment took place. The
advance was taken as confirmation of Argen
tine damage report. December began to re
cover gradually and later when lt was learne-i
that local houses were doing a liberal direct
export buslnes-6 prices advanced sharply. De
cember climbed to 74U'a74%c and closed firm
54c above Saturday at 744c.
Corn was a flrm and fairly active market.
The strength was due to the small visible de
crease and light country offerings. December
closed firm. *»@4e higher at 36Vi@36%c.
Oats ruled steady and flrm in tone, prices
being helped by the corn strength. December
closed He up at 22S22UC
Provisions were fairly active and strong.
The market opened higher on a light run of
hogs and higher prices at the yards. Packers
offered very little on the advance," which so
impressed shorts that the price was bid sharply
up. A strong cash demand wa> reported and
this also helped In advancing futures.' Janu
ary closed 274(8 30c over Saturday, lard 124c
higher and ribs 124i§15c improved..
The leading futures ranged as follows:
CAME— Quail. • Jt 25 for Valley and J2 for
Mountain; Mallard.- J3 COflo; Canvasback. SSfii
6 50; Sprig. »3ffl3 50; Teal, $2 50: Widgeon. $1 50-
Small Duck, |1 25(gl 60; Gray Geese,( J3; White
POULTRYs-Llve Turkeys. 13i914c for - Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; Dressed
Turkeys, 15@l8c; Geese, per pair. Jl 50
@1 75; Goslings, ? i; Jl 75@2; Ducks, J3@4 for
old and J3 50@4<50 for young; Hens, J.t ih)@4 50-
Young Roosters.* *4@4 &0; Old Roosters. Jl 50® 4'
Fryers. $3 23#3 50; Broilers. J3 25@3 50 for large
and |3??3 25 for small: Pigeons, $1 per dozen for
old and Jl 50(ifl 75 for Sfiuab*.
Five cara of Eastern Poultry came In and
sales were made at J4 50@5 for Hens, $5 for
young Roosters, J4 50 for old, "Roosters, J2 50M
3 for Broilers, $3 50 for Fryers, $1 for Pigeons
J2 for Geese, ¦ J4 for Ducks, 13@16c for live
Turkeys and 17® 19c for dressed Turkeys.
. Local stock was nominal, there being no re
ceipts. ; ,
Poultry and Game.
Arrivals at Game were heavy, amounting to
at least 150 sacks, and j prices for most de
scriptions were lower. *
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3@6c per lb;
String Beans, 24@6c; Limas, 3c "per lb; Cab
bnge, $1; Tomatoes, 25® 50c; Egg Plant, 35
(gCOc per box; Green Okra, 4frg60c; Green Pep
pers. Zbti'iVc per box tor Chill and 4U&50c tor
Bell; 'Dried Peppers, 10ipl5c; 'Carrots. 25035c
per sack; Summer Squash, 75c@Jl" for Ala
meda; Cucumbers, 40@60c for Alameda; Garlic,
4&&o pet- lb; Marrowfat Squash. 574*10 per ton.
POTATOES— River Reds, 70(gS0c: Burbanks,
25® 50c for Rivers and 85c@Jl 15 per ctl for
Salinas and 60®90c for Oregon; Sweets, 50@75c
for Rivers and 75©90c for Merced. I .
ONIONS— 75c©»l 15 per .ctl; Pickle Onions,
40(g&0c rer sack.
Prices for all descriptions under this head
remain about as before. Supplies of Potatoes
are large and Peas and Beans are coming in
more freely.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 25Q2 40; Canary,
34c Per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 9#94c: Rape. 24®3c; Hemp, 4@44c;
Timothy. 4©4l4c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. J2(?J2 B0; Green, J2 25Q)
2 73 per ctl; Blackeye, J2©2 60.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
• ¦ .. . . •
BEANS— Bayos, $2 65<ft 2 80 ; Small White, J3 90
@4; Largo White, J2 90@3 15; Pink, $1 80@2; Red,
J2 75@3; lilackeye, $3«3 15; Lima. - J5 20®5 30,
Pea, J3 30(34 10; Red Kidneys, J3 50(5-3 75.
Arrival of 150 sacks Alfalfa Seed from Utah
Receipts of Beans were lighter yesterday, be
ing 7215 sacks. The market was" quiet and
stfady at previous prices.
Dried Peas are in light supply and higher.
HAY — Volunteer. $5<38; Wheat, J11®13 50;
Wheat and Oat, J1O012 50; Oat, • J9@n 50:
Clover. $5<g7; Alfalfa, $6 50<&S 50; Barley. J70
9 per ton.
STRAW— 35@45c per bale.
' Beans and Seeds.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. J13 50@16 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J25@26; job
bing. $26 50; Cocoanut Cake. J1701S; Corn Meal
f2Cg27; Cracked Corn, J26 50i&27 60; Mixed Feed.
$16^16.
-J16 &0(pl9 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-
Bran is firm again, as receipts have fallen off
considerably of late. Hay is quiet and steady
at previous prices. Rolled Barley Is flrm, In
sympathy with the raw product.
UHAN- J14JH5 per ton. *
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOtIR— California Family Extras. {3 80®
2 75. usual terms;" Bakers' Extras, $3 40JJ3 60;
Oregon and Washington, J2 75@3 10 per bbl for
family and JJ 15®3 50 for bakerB* ; Eastern,
J4 7E@5 75 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are aa fol-
Icws, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flcur. J3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75; Rye
>Ual, J2 CO; Rice Flour, J7; Corn Meal. J2 75;
extra cream do. J3 60; Oat Groats, J4 10; Hom
iny, J3 5O@3 75; Buckwheat Flour. H«zi 23;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50: Farina, $4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour, J3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), *6&
7 15; in sacks, J5 75<g7.; Pearl Barley, |5; Split
Peas J5; Green Peas, J5 60 per 100 lbs.
WHEAT— Liverpool. Paris and New Xcrk ail
advanced, though cargoes on the Liverpool
market did not show the improvement In fu
tures. Chicago opened firm but dull, but later
turned strong, with a good cash demand, 325,000
bushels selling. Some long Wheat sold early.
The American visible supply. Increased C0O.000
bufhels. The world's shipments for the week
were: Russian, 319,000 quarters; Danubian,
217,000; Argentine, 18,000; Australian. 20,000.
In the San Francisco market futures stood
about the same, but spot quotations advanced
a fraction.
Spot Wheat — Snipping, Jig 1 01%; Milling,
*1 024@l 074 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— May— 1G.00O
Ctls, $1 OS; 4000. Jl 0SU: December— 2000, Jl 01%.
Second Session — May — 6000 ctls. Jl 0S%.
Regular Morning Session — May— 8000 ctls,
Jl 0S4: 2000, $1 0S»i; S000, Jl 085g; December—
40CO. $1 01%.
Afternoon Session— May— SOCO ctls, $1 0S%; De
cember. $1 01*i.
BARLEY — Is very firm at an advance In
Fred, owing to light arrivals, dry weather and
a'' good demand.
Feed, 7«U@774c for choice bright, 724@75c
for No. 1 and 674@70c for off grades; Brewing
and Shipping grades, E0@S5c; Chevalier, nomi
nal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December — 8000 ctls,
74c; 10, COO. 12%c.
Afternoon Session— May— 4000 ctls, 764c.
OATS— The market stands about the same,
some dealers selling freely and others complain
ing of dullness. Quotations are unchanged.
White »1 30@l 47H: Surprise. »1 45@1 65; Red,
$1 15@1 25 for feed and $1 I6@l 37H for seed;
Gray. $1 23@1 35; Black, for leed, Jl 124JJ1 20;
for seed, Jl 2(Xgl 30 per ctl.
CORN— The market is steady at quotations
whclh have ruled for a fortnight. Eastern
Yellow. SI 22>i: White, $1 22'.4; Eastern mixed,
Jl 20@l 224 Per ctl.
RYE— The dry weather is beginning to affect
the market, which is quoted higher at S0@92'ic
per ctl. with a better demand. "
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at Jl 75@2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 14- 81%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S3-%
Sterling Cables — 4 85
New York Exchange, sight — Vfi
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 644
Mtxicun Dollars, nominal oOVi O °i
Exchange and Bullion.
£>itn r r«incisc<"t ¦..:??. ~ ¦- x i mum tcmpt'rAturc,
£0; minimum, 58; mean, CS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure continues high over the north
past twenty-four hours there has been a rise
of two-trnths of an inch over the coast north
of the Columbia River. Along thf coast of Call
f-irnla there has been a slight fall.
The tcrr.prrature continues high over the
greater portion of the I'acific Plop<». At many
place* in California it Is 23 degrees above the
normal. The warm weather «vill probably con
tinue for thirty-six hours.
Not a drop of rain has fallen west of the
Rocky Mountains.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight November 13:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday: continued
warm rather; light northerly winds.
Southrrn California— Fair Tuesday: continued
warm weather; light northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday.
Utalj — Fair Tuesday.
Arizona— Kair Tuesday. •
Ean Francisco ¦ and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
continued warm weather: light northerly
winds. ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
?
n2f>th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 11—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
4at*, es compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall In last 24 hour*:
Weather Report.
Americans were again the leading feature of
the market* here to-day. . They opened strong,
then hesitated, but the support from New York
NEW YORK. Nov. 12.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's lx)ndon financial cablegram nays:
The London Market.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.— To-day's treasury
Ftatement shows: Available cash balances
1137,346,936; gold, $94,316,257. .
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW TORK, Vov. 12.— Money on call, firm,
at 4f?5 per cent; last loan, 4; prime mercantile
paper, 44 per cent. Sterling exchange, easy,
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 844
for demand and at $4 K0% for sixty days. Post
ed rates, (4 814 and J4 854. Commercial bills,
U S0@4 804 Silver certificate!", 644(g654c. Bar
rilver. 644c. Mexican dollars, 5O';c. Govern
ment bonds, irregular; State bonds. Irregular;
railroad bonds, strong.
Nezv York Money Market.
1 15,075 Metropolitan Street Railway 16S j
600 Mexican Central 13',i j
2,f00 Minneapolis & St Louis 6'J I
400 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 100 |
49.S00 Missouri Pacific S9 T i I
300 Mobile & Ohio 40 |
3.2S0 Missouri. Kansas & Texas 12
4.600 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.... 35
1.000 New Jersey Central 136";
2H.420 New York Central 137 3 * i
29.»wO Norfolk & "Western 41'* I
LOCK) Norfolk & "Western rrefd 7ftVi
S3.&00 Northern Pacific 63V»
7. 230 Northern Pacific prefd 76
14.710 Ontario & Western 24
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Hallway & Xav prefd 76
S7.4"0 Pennsylvania ¦
4,800 Heading • I 91 * I
»,310 Reading 1st prefd MV2 j
4,900 Reading 2d prefd SO .
Rio Grande Western *><?
£54 ltio Grande Western prefd 90 I
3.SOO Pt Ix,uis & San Francisco .-. 13>s \
l.cm Ht Louis & Pan Fran 1st prefd 70S j
8.S15 Pt I^ouls &-San Fran 2d prefd 89?4 .
6,t00 ?t Louis. Southwestern 14S !
9.^20 Ft Louis. Southwestern 34V !
2.M10 St Paul 122Vs I
St Paul prefU 1<4 ]
1,000 St Paul & Omaha !'•
14:.:.t>n Southern Pacific J1J4 I
24.V5O Southern Railway \yi \
1«.«..'.O Southern Itailway prefd el ]
7.7'W Texas & Pacific »; |
i^.iZO I"nion I'acific 69J4 j
12,f*X» Union Pacific prefd < s '» i
1,000 Wabash ,»» |
4.3«0 Wabash prefd 21 1
10.02* Wheeling & L K «gfc |
14.^50 Wheeling & L "K 2d prefd 2S'»
400 Wisconsin Central 14 I
100 Third Avenue U21S
Express Companies—
100 Adams 14 .?
100 Amerlcr.n lbi>
100 United States 48
544 Wells Fargo 133
Miscellaneous —
4,200 American Cotton Oil 36*4 j
American Cotton Oil prefd K_ [
l.CW) American Malting o~»\
400 American Malting prefd 23'-j 1
13.400 American Smelting Ac Ref 4S j
6.400 American Smelting & Ref prefd 96-4 |
American Spirits 2 j
American Spirit? prefd 17
9."O American Steel Hoop 32 s * !
2.250 American Steel Hoop prefd 79 1 - :
79,150 American Steel & Wire 4.-,' s j
10,0) American Steel & Wire prefd Sou
7.MS American Tin Tlate 41*;
1/2S American Tin Plate prefd S7
44.SJS American Tobacco 107&i
100 American Tobacco prefd 135 I
7.040 Anaconda Mining Co 47% ;
63.1C6 Brooklyn Rapid Transit C9 |
7.i:->0 Colorado Fuel & Iron ?» 1
36.175 Continental Tobacco 34 T i I
6.410 Continental Tobacco prefd S9*4
DC-.iPv* Federal Steel 49 j
9.012 Federal Steel prefd 75*i j
2.250 General Klectric 143
2,100 Glucose Supar 58
Glucose Sugar prefd 104
700 International Paper 25'4
2,500 International Paper prefd 74 I
Laclede Gas 73'-i
1,235 National Biscuit 33 j
200 National Biscuit prefd 94
I.J09 National Lead 22'4 |
247 National Lead prefd 9S |
9.625 National Steel 37H I
&Q National Steel prefd 93 |
1.767 New York Air Brake 136 |
2.2>3O North American 16*;
100 Pacific Coast 60
Pacific Coast 1st prefd S5
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 68 I
28,370 Pacific Mail 634
75,533 People's Gas 10014
675 Pressed Steel Car M14 I
1.400 Prerped Steel Car prefd 87
1.025 Pullman Palace Car 1S6 1
1.000 Standard Rope & Twine 6^ |
70,750 Sugar *. 131*4 |
Sugar prefd 117 j
2.461 Tennessee Coal & Iron 70%
103.110 United States Leather 15% !
8.S67 United States Leather prefd 77H j
15.270 United States Rubber 2%
3.S00 United States Rubber prefd 97
S.0O0 "Western Union ; S7
S.465 Republic Iron & Steel Co 17',4
1.600 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 64
P C C & St Louis 68
L64S.CCO Shares rold.
CLOSING BONDS.
C S ref 2s regr 105 IN J C lsts 108
Do coupon 105 |N J C gen 5s 129»i
L* S 3s re*.... 1O3»4,N' Pacific 3s 70
Do 3s coupon 109^! Do 4s 104>4
Do new 4s reg...l3CT, N Y C & St L 4s. .106V4
Do new 4s coup. 136% N & W con 4s 99
Do old 4s reg lir.»«,Or Xav lsts 109
Do old 4s coup.. .115%; Do 4s 103^
Do 5s reg H2*i Or Short Line 6s.. 127%
Do 5s coupon 112*4; Do con 5s 11414
Dlst of Ccl 3.6.is...l24'~;Re«dlng gen 4s.... S9H i
Atchi«on gen 4s...l00%iR O W lats 93^ j
Do adj 4s S4 St L & I M con os.lllH I
Canada So 2ds 10S ;9t L & S F gen 6s. 125 i
Ches & O 4'is 101 St Paul cons 171>4 |
Do Ef llS'-i ?t P C & P lsts.. .118%
Chi & N con 7S....137H: Do 5s 119»i !
Do S F deb ta..V.117Vi S Pacific 4s S3 7 4
Chicago Term 4#... 95 5 Railway Bs 112 1 ,^
Colorado So 4s R4 Stand R & T C3... 72
D & R G 4s. ...... ..100 Tex & Pac lsts....H5>4
Erie gen 4s 73% Do 2d« 85
F W & D C lsts... 78 O Paciftc 4s 106«i
Gen Electric 5s. ...123 Wabash lsts 118
Iowa Cent lsts.. ..1144 Do 2ds 104^;
L & N unl 4s S3»i West Shore 4s 1134
M K & T 2ds 71 Wis Cent lsts 87%
Do 4s 94% Va Centuries 904
MINING STOCK3.
Chollar 10 Ophir 73
Crown Point 1 <7 Plymouth 13
Cal Con & Va 90 Quicksilver 1 25
Deadwood 55j do prefd 7 00 |
Gould & Curry 85 Sierra Nevada .... 23
Hale & Norcross.. 20 Standard 3 2u
Homestake 60 00 Union Con J4
Iron Silver 70 Yellow Jacket 20
Mexican "IJBrunswick 10
Ontario G 2&\
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— [Union Pacific 67',;
Call Joans 394 Union Land 2'i
Time loans 4jfa West End 91>4
Stock*— Bonds—
Atchison 354 Atchlson 4s 101
do prefd "7'i»|N E G & Coke Es.. 6S\i
Am Sugar 131 'i. Mining chares — i
do jjrefd IH'rii Adventure 6'<i I
Bell Telephone 1534|Allouez Mln Co ... 2%
Boston Elevated ..15<4|AmaIjj Copper .... i\y^
Boston & Maine. ..192 (Atlantic 26
C B & Q 133% Boston & Mont 334
Dom Coal 43>4: Calumet & Hecla..sOT.
do prefd 1134 Centennial 20 7 4
Fed Steel 4STi Franklin 154
do prefd 75*; Humboldt 50
G«n Elec 149 Osceola 77
do prefd 140 Parrot wa
Ed Elec III £13 Qulncy 16J
Mex Cent 134 j Santa Fe Copper... 8
I Mich Telephone ... bo 1 Tamarack 267
N E G & Coke 164 1 Utah Minlmj ay.
i Old Colony 2014'Winona '. 4
fold Dominion .... 27V* Wolverines ¦&
! Rubber 374
*— *
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.-FLOUR-Receipts,
m.lM) barrels; exports, 16,505; pales, 10.150 pack
ages. Meat was quite active In a Jobbing way
.-mri held firmer with the rise In wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts. 101,025 bushels; exports,
163.CS1 bushels; sales, 3,875,000 bushels futures;
130,000 bushels spot; spot firm. No. 2 red, 81c
f. o. b. afloat; Xo. 2 red, 79>.;c elevator; No.
1 Northern Uuluth, SSVic f. o . b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 90c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
flrm and higher on bullish cables and good for
eign buying. After a midday reaction under
very large world's shipments a second advance
took place. Influenced by liberal seabourl clear
ances, export rumors, free covering by early
shorts and Wall street buying, closed firm at
M^ic net advance. Sales included No. I
March. S2',itiS3',ic t . closed S3%c; May, S2'/4@S*c,
closed S2Tfcc; November, closed 7S»c; December.
79 3-16'tfSO 3-16c. closed SOc
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES-Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. ea*y; No. 7 invoice. S^c;
miM. dull; Cordova, '9^ai3'4c. Futures, closed
steady, with urices 15fs20 points net lower.
Total sales, 3S.750 bags, including: November.
56 S5; December, J6 S0<S6 SO; January, J6 90:
March. JU £'0fJ7 OS; May, $7 05@7 15; July, $7 V)'S
7 15: September, ?7 20(J(7 30.
iU'CJAK-C?ui»t: fair reflning:. 374c; centri
fugal. 06 test. 4Sic; molasses sugar, 3Sc
BUTTEK— Receipts, 5467 packages; fitronc;
creamery, W:~^ilc; June creamery, 17'g22c, fac
tory, 13(5 Ijc.
EUGS— Receipts. 4H5 packages; strong: West
ern regular packing, at mark. 19@24c; Western,
loss o!T. 2Cc.
DIUED FEUITS.
Only a fair jobbing- trade was noted for
evaporated apples, with the undertonu «ib)ut
steady at old prices. State common were
quoted from 4c to 5c: prime. 4%<50Uc; cholct
California dried fruits were Inactive.
PRUNES— Quoted from 3'.i<51P6c per pound,
as to size and o.uallty.
APRICOTS— Royal." 11014c; Moorpaik. 13Q16C
PEACHES— Peeled. 16Qt:0c; unpeeled. ifitc.
New York Grain and Produce.
Sugar declined 25c.
Silver advanced. Exchange unchanged.
Spot Wheat and Barley higher.
Oats and Corn firm. Rye rising.
Bran firmer under lighter receipts. Hay quiet and steady.
Beans quiet, but in diminished receipt.
Dried Peas advanced. Alfalfa Seed arrived from Utah.
Potatoes, Onions and I'cgctablcs about the same.
Butter and Eggs urak with increasing supplies.
Game ui Heavy receipt and lozi'cr.
Cranberries continue to advance. Seedling Oranges lower.
Nothing nest) in Provisions.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Local securities very firm.
lent renewed buoyancy and the close in the
s-trfct was active and very strong. The set
tlement indicated that the bull account was
less than might have been expected. There
were short stocks in some cases, notably North
ern Pacific. St. Paul. Norfolk and Western
prelerred and New York Central.
The ceneral carrying rate was 4Vs to 5. The
professionals are still very bullish, but the
public is shy.
Money rates were not altered to-day, but
there was a heavier demand for fixtures. The
maiket repaid a small amount due the bank.
The bank received £100,000 from Australia in
gold.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Nov. 12.— Atchinon. 37%: Canadian
Pacific, Pl%; Union Pacific preferred, 8U 4 ;
Northern Pacific preferred. 79VS: Grand
Trunk. 6'j: Anaconda. 9 7 ». Bar silver, Steady,
29 11-lSd per ounce. Money. Z~ij3 l i per cent.'
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
0 . c u PALACE HOTEL.
Paul Schumann, X Y iF »» \vii«~» r
O^u Open. Co- Y %l{ SXVc POrt
L Stern.. . \S l " SL^ffifi th 'ca*
Ume Ban. VS f ,? reen r * w - Cal
P Planconl, y £*°!S J T r - °™ard
Ume Marflly. 5™ j M A ey H™l.? hlcaso
3i« CampaaaVi. ]„£,^J!*" 1^- NeT
3!s Scctti. 2? «^? ls - .^ An «
SS.5SSSS *"»• lligS* ?*
MlW&.ft. Vienna S g ft&«f!£ J ° S - e ,
HJ* ?./ D V tzka * Londn M Erqulaza. Chile
Mile Olltzka. London ,Mrs T A LewiVr i
Mile Bauenaeliter.Enr'iiliuwSLSs
Vliss S Btrongr. Lcr,,!on T J Armstrong Or
2 W Murphy & w. c» A pfijr %%
?! IS? s Ife^s^
A W Keil^Val *» i Dunning, fetanford -
A Dorsey. New York KS Ionniir rw»,
C E Pearwll A V. c«U R Q ft w CU
b W 4? Kh V Sha ? ta - L A Phillip' & w
M de Foraiere. Shasta, Mrs AngellVAlanVia
GRAND HOTEL.
1 E Jones. Oakland ,G C Hyatt S»nct»««
W C Swain. Cal W J Mania facto
N Franks & w. N Y Ia C Guntw'*, v v
Mr & Mrs Muhlmann W OMtzka \ewTa-i
& w. New York Miss Olltzka" N v°'-k
R V A ,, ? rownl9 « & w - B P Cubbertejr & W w.
Vallejo Stanford
C Nichols. Pescadero Mrs C B Whittler Ktn*
A Brown. Cal H McCana AubuVf
L Shields. Seattl* A D Hoorer. Xe^™ or!t
R B Borland. Martinez Miss P Mathers Mo
W F Cochran. S Rafael J Kullman, Ben'lcla
C Lewis. Alameda \C E Prier. L Angeles
P K Wood & w. TularelH K Stahl. San Josi
A J Plllsburr. Tulare Id H Crow A w s>wm
G Ix>arts. Des Molnea-E Crown. Newman
W N Johnson. Ariz 0 H Andersen. 3 Jose
& S Maryrold. L Angr J Z Andersen. 9 Jose
C I> Frltach. St Louia Mrs A L ilacktnney
I Metz. Tucson Santa Crux
J F Daly. Eureka (3 Lelnun?. Hankow
O ¦Wilson. New York M Rich. Minn
I A Mayer. Seattle J E Pomeroy & w, Cal
1 W* Bellows &¦ w. Or H Isaacs. Los Anyeips
¦ F C Smith. Portland W Roger* A w. L An<
M Moran. Detroit Miss Hosrera. L. Ane
J W" Kleet. Indiana J Cralsr & t. HlghUn.l
M Journet. New York Mrs N T Blddle. S Jo«»
H C Xewhart. Denver E L Wllholt. Stockton
C M Spencer. Eureka G G Sta^e & w.Pa
B B Espy. Tiffin F H Botsford. Pa
R W Hill. L. Ancreles F T Barnard. Marysvl
J F ClapD. Chicaso IF N Carpenter. Woodln
P Johnson. Sonora II Thorp. Sac to
J Luther, San Jose >
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C W Gawley, Los Ang'G Bishop. Philadelphia
W "Wulker. Sacramentol Mrs S Kennedy, Phila
P Joseph. Sacramento •W F Main. Kernvi'l*
O B Ward. Concord 3 E Ballard. Kernvil'.e
W C Havre & w, Cal I A Irving. Los An* .
A F Harper. Gonzales J F Smith. Los Ar.K
Ms Van Stom, Spokane J A Watts, Chicago
M Hart & w. Stockton 1 B L. Johnson. Chlcasf>
C Stuart. Stockton j
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
FOR MONDAY, NOVEMBER 12. .
Flour, qr sks 9,125 Broonrcorn, bdls. - 70
Wheat, ctls 15,570 Buckwheat, sks.. ' 333
Barley, ctls 4,760 Leather, rolls.... 69
Oats, ctls 960 Eggs, doz 9,150
Corn, ctls... 1,270 Wool, bales 2
Butter, ctls. 1 : llfi Bran, sks 2,530
Cheese, ctls 42 Middlings, sks... 935
Tallow, ctla* 223 Onions, sks 120
Brandy, gals 3.300 Potatoes, sks 4,723
Wine, gals 39,050 Beans, sks 6,000
fisks 25 Straw, tons 36
sugar, sks 1,000 Hay. tons ' 493
Pelts, bdls 15S Sugar, bbls 70
Hides, No 330
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 82.264 Wool, bales 35
Potatoes, sks 2.822
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 5C0] Alfalfa Seed, ska. 150
Receipts of Produce.
SUGAR— Prices have again declined 25c. The
Western Sugar Refining Company quotes, per
lb. in 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.15c; Powdered. 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.75c; Dry Granulated, 5.65c; Confec
tioners' A, 5.65c; Magnolia A, 5.25c; Extra C,
5.15c; Golden C, 5.05c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Dominos, half-bar
rels, 6.40c; boxes, 6.65c per lb.
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracito Egg, $14; Can
nel, $12 p-;r ton: Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
$18 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S,50 per ton, according to
brand.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July. 6%<8&ji.<:: Wool
Bags, 28H@32%c; Fleece Twine. 7Hc; Fruit
Bagg, 6H@6%c for white and 8<4@8%c for
bleached jute.
General Merchandise.
LAMB— S®9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hccs. 5Hc for small. 5%c for
medium and 5'ic for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. 5c; dressed Hogs, 7U@SV4c •
There Is no further change to report.
BEEF— 6©7c for Steers and 5ga*ic per lb for
Cows:'
VE>b- T.are-<\ 7«?Rc; omall. S^iWc p«r lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7',£@Sc; ewes, 7@7V4c per
pound. /
San Francisco Meat Market.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin, 6Vi@Sc; do Lambs', 8
09c; Middle County, 9<310c; Nprthern Mountain,
free, lOiffllc; Southern Mountain. 7%@8Hc;
Humboldt and Mendoctno, 12@13c per lb.
HOPS— HV4@15c per lb.
WOOL — Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15@16c; Northern, defective, 129
14c; Middle County, free, 14®16c; Middle County,
defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain, 12
months', 9310c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months' ll@12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', agile: Humboldt and Mendoclno. 16
(817c: Nevada, WUltc per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, -10c: medium, 9c: light. SVi'SSc; Cow
hides. 8H@9c: Stags, C%c; Salted kip, 9Hc;
Salted Veal. 9%c;- Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides,
16c; culls. 14c; Dry Kip, 16c; Dry Calf. 16@17c;
culls and brand. 14c; Sheepskins, shearlings,
C0'ti30c each; short Wool. 30@50c each; medium,
6O4iS5c; long Wool, 75c@$l each; Horse Hides,
*alt, $2 50 for large and $2 for medium, $1 50
for small and EOc for colts; Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large, $1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small
and 25@50c for colts. Deerskins — Summer or red
skins, 35c; fall or medium akins. 30c: winter or
thin skins, 17V4i#2Oc. Goatskins— Prime An
goras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medtum, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4g4£c per lb; No.
2, 3%c; grease, 2 l H'2'4c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10^@llc per lb for
heavy. 12c for Ilcht medium. 13c for light. 14c
for extra U«ht and 15c for sugar cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams, ll%@12c; Mess Beei.
$12 50 per barrel; extra Mess, $13 50; Family,
}1S SO- extra Prime Pork, $15; extra clear, $19 50;
Mess.' $16; Smoked Beef. 13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6»4c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure: half-barrels, pure, slic;
10-lb tins, 9%c: 6-lb tins. 9vic.
COTTOLENE— One-half, barrel, $%c; three
half barrels, 8Hc: one tierce, 8Hc; two tierces.
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tdllozv, Wool anil Hops.
Local packers and importers report a steady
and fairly active market
Provisions.
NUTS— Chestnuts, G(g7c per lb; Walnuts, No.
1 Eoftshell. lie; No. 2. 8c; No. 1 hardshell, 10c:
No 2 7Hc: Almonds, 15?i>16c for paper-shell,
ll®124c for softshell: Peanuts, 5<g6c for East
em 1 Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pecans, 11
@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 DO05.
HONEY-Comb, 13V4am»c for bright and 12H
013c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7?4Ji8c; light amber, extracted, 7@7Hc; dark,
6®6%c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24!g26c per lb.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy. 12c
per lb; choice, lie: standard. 8%c: prime. 8c;
unbleached Thompson's. 3c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy, lOVic per lb; choice. 9V5c; standard, 8%c;
prime. 8c;" unbleached Saltanas, 8c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes, 6Vic; 2-crown loosfl Muscatels, 6c;
2-crown, 6>*c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers, 2
crown. *1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sizes. 3c;
40-503, 7c; 50-60s, 5&c: 6O-70s. S%c; 70-80s, 3%c;
80-90s, 2%c; 90- 100s, 2^c; 100s and over. 2c; ru
bles, \ic premium; Sonomas, Hi and San Joa
quins Me less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6@
8c for Royals and 10<gllVic for Moorparka;
Evaporated Apples, 4@4V4c; sun-dried, 2V»@^c;
Peaches, 4%fi5c for standard, 5@6c for choice
and 7@7V4c for fancy; Tears. 2@7c: Plums,
pitted. 5@6Vic: unpltted. l@H4c; Nectarines, 5@
oHc for red and 6%®6c for white.
PERSIMMONS— 30f cOc per box.
CRANBERRIES-Cape Cod, $10@10 50 per
barrel; Coos Bay. $2 25®2 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $4 JT5 per chest for large
and for small berries.
HUCKLEBERRIES-Sc per lb.
RASPBERRIES-$5©6 per chest.
POMEGRANATES— Nominal.
GRAPES— 50<g65c per small box and 75®8»c
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $2@3 50;
Seedlings, $1<?1 75: Lemons. 25c©$l 25 for com
mon and $1 50®2 50 for good to choice; Grape
Fruit. $2-fJ3; Mexican Limes, $4^4 50; Califor
nia Limes, 25@33c; Bananas, $1 75(®2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $2@3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
APPLES— 25@E0c per box for common and
65@$1 for good to choice: Spitzenbergs, 60@$l;
Oregon Spitzenbergs, $1 2501 50.
PEARS — Winter Nells, 60c@*l; Cooking Pears.
25€C0c p*r box.
Oranges continue in liberal supply and seed
lings are lower. Lemons and Limes are un
changed.
Cranberries arc again quoted higher. Huckle
berries are scarce at an advance.
Thcrt* are not enough Quinces and Plums
coming in to quote. Grapes are firm and In
light supply.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Supplies of Butter Increase rather than 'di
minish, and are very large. Prices are weak
and shaky, with holders making concessions
to effect sales. The warm, soft weather Is an
element of weakness.
Begs, too, are weak, and some dealers quota
lower, while others hold up. Stocks are accu
mulating. *
There Is no change In Cheese.
HLiXLK
' Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 21@22c; seconds,
20c.
Dairy— Fancy, 20@21c; good to choice, 19c;
common, 17*5 18c.
Creamery tub—20@22%c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19@21c.
Firkin— 18®19c.
Ptoraff woods — 21<322<-
CHEESE— New, U^ftlZc: old, lOigllc; Young
America, 12@12Hc; Eastern, I3%@14c; Western,
H«fl3c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 20*3 25c for stor* and 27V4®
35c rer dozen for ranch; Eastern, 1SS26C.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Geese. $1 25@1 60; Brant, $1 60 for small and $2
for large; English SnlDe. $1 50; Jack Snipe.
$1; Hare. $1@1 25; Rabbits, *1 25 for cotton
tail and $1 for brush; Doves, 60c per «Jozen.
John H. and Abbie R. Murch (owners) with
W. B. Eaton (contractor), architect Fred B
Wood— All work for a two-story basement and
attic frame structure, on E line of Shrader
street, 100 N of Frederick, N 25 by E 134:JsJi;
Thomas G. Taylor (owner) with W. L Hol
man (contractor), architect Albert Sutton— Two
electric and one sidewalk elevator In four-story
and basement brick building, on SW line of
Beale street. 229:2 NW of Mission. NW 45 bv
SW 137:6; $3525. *
Mrs. ¦ Johanna Hennebery, (owner) with John
Keneally (contractor), architect . All work
for a one-story and basement frame cottage on
E line of Minnesota street, 291:6 N of Twenty
second. N 25 by E ICO, Potrero Nuevo 373; $1329
James L. Flood (owner) with J. It. Tobln
(contractor), architect Julius E. Krafft— Lath-
Ing and plastering for a three-story and base
ment residence on N line of Broadway 137-J
W of Buchanan street, W 137:6, N 175. E 137 -4U
S 17:8. E :1V4. S 157:*: $3711. **
Builders' Contracts.
John G. .Wllklns (owner) with. I. W. Coburn
(contractor), architect E. J. Vogel— AH work
for a two-story frame building on NW corner
of Frederick street and Tremont avenue W 31
by N 163; J335O. , % "
Annie L. Mayvllle to Charles H. Balzer lot
on NW line of K street. 33:4 NE of Twenty-first
avenue. NE 66:3 by NW 75, lot 16, block 403
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association: $100.
George K. and Lucie H. Frtnk to Minerva
K. Frink. lots 167 and 163, gift map 1; also lot
on N line of Mary street, 140:9 W of Columbia
place. W 60 by N 75; $10.
Patrick. Catherine and Bridget McDermott
to Levl M. KellOKB, lot on SE line of Minna
street. 125 SW of First. SW 20 by SE 80; $10
John Andrews Jones Estate Company to
came, lot- on W line of Forty-eighth avenue
125 S of I street, S 75 by W 120: $10.
P. M. Morrison to William B. Pringle lot on
SW line of Steuart street, 183:4 SE of Mission.
SE 45:10 by SW 137:«; *10. »9»ion.
Eva Harris. Minnie and John S. Denekamn
to Jonathan and Anna M. Anderson, rerecord
1664 D. 200. lot on N line of Elizabeth street.
165 E of- Hoffman avenue, E 25 by N H4 i o t
117. Heyman Tract (quitclaim deed); $10
Heber R. Bishop. Ogden Mills. Frank Cun
ningham and Heber R. Bishop Jr. (surviving
trustees under will of Francis G. Cunnlnghanj
deceased) to Mary M. Cunningham et al. lot
on E corner of Second and Stevenson streets
SE 80 by NB 137:6; also lot on NE corner of
Pacific and Montgomery streets E 137-8. v
137:8. W 73:6; S 24. W 64. 8 113:6; also lot on.
K earner of Second and Market streets SB
155 byNE 140; . . *
Hannah Kaufman to Thomu F. Kaufman,
lot on N line of Twentieth street, 205 W of
Sanchez. W 50 by N 114; $10. .
California Title Insurance ' and Trust Corn*
pany to John Claussen, lot on E lino of Fol
som street. 27:5ft S of Thirteenth. N to Thir
teenth, E 100.014. S 23.794. W 99.7«; J3000.
Charles W. and Mary F. Grant to Mary Mcd.
Sullivan (wife of John T.), lot on W line of
Lyon street, 60 S of Washington, S 45 by W
David Mlchaud to Emma Michaud. lot on S
line of Oak street, 150 E of Broderick, E 25 bv
S 137:6; gift. y
Charles Callahan to May T. Callahan, undi
vided one-half of lot on NW corner of Laguna
street and Hickory" avenue, W 85 by N 27:«;
MONDAY, Nov. 12—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask.l Bid.Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Kentuck 02 04
Alta 01 02!Lady Wash.... — C3
Andes 04 05 Mexican 24 25
Belcher 17 IS ! Occidental OS 10
Best & Belcher 20 21'Ophir 75 76
Bullion 04 to Overman 07 CS
Caledonia 41 44' Potosl 10 11
Chollar 13 14|Savage 16 17
Confidence 63 65 'Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va.. 99 1 OO.Seg Belcher.... 05 08
Con Imperial — Ol'Slerra Nevada. 22 24
Con New York. 01 — ! Silver Hill 39 40
Eureka Con — 33 St Louis — i»
Crown Point... 09 io; Standard 3 40 —
Exchequer — 02jSyndicate 11 ' —
Gould & Curry. 93 941 Union Con 16 IT
Hale & Nor 23 25JUtah .' 08 10
Julia ..*. 02 f3| Yellow Jacket.. 22 24
Justice 02 04!
? •
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. -.
Bay Co P Co.. 10314105 Oak Water 5s. .104 —
irlir** Cab os-.ns^ — Oceanic &S 5s.llO»im
CC Water 6a.. 107% — Om C IV* 6a..l28 —
£ » & P 6s -130H — Pac O Imp 4s.NK- —
h & Cl Ry bs.. - - P & Cl Ry Bs.105 -
Geary-st R 5s. - - P&ORR Ss.113% -
H C * S 5%s. — — Powell-st R 6». — —
T D ° 5s 100% — Sac E G&R as 99% 99%
A. « as iuj _ s K & SJV Ss.llS'* —
L A Lt Co 6sy— 103 S R of Cal 6s. — 11J
• Do gntrl (,s./. - — S P of A 6s.,..U3 - ¦
L A Rtnd 6s... 101 — S P ofCSsU905
L A P R R 58.101 103 (Series A)... .lOOtf, —
Market-st 6s..i;»-jii — l)u (Series iJM"3+» —
Do 1st M BS..119 — Do (1906) 111% —
N C N G R 78.110 114 Do (1312) ....119 —
N R of Cal 6s.U3 — S H K 1st g 53.105 io«
Do 6s US _ RPR 6s 103*4 —
N P C R R ts.101 — S V Water 6s.. 113H —
- I Do ,S«--- 107U108 Do 4s 102^103%
N Cal^Ry 5s. Ill* — Do M mtge.. — 102
Oak G L & H.110 - Stktn Gas 6s.. 101 105
Oak Tran 6s..ll6%117K
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70V4 72 Spring Valley. 94 94*i
Harm County. 5H» — - *-*
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L&PCo 4, ¦ <H Pac L Co - 45
bquit C L Co. 3% 3S Ste El O&RCo 35 40
O O L & H.... oO — San Francisco., 4«i ft
Pac Gas Imp.. 52 62% Stkn G & E Co - 14
INSURANCE STOCKS. •
Firem's Fund. 226 — ;
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 69 _ First Xatlonl.394 300
Bank of Cal — 410 Lon P & A. 133 —
Cal S D & T..105 106 .Merchants' Ex lit IS
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.... — 1900 Sav & L So.. 81
Hum S * L. — — Sec Sav Bk — —
Mut Sav Bk... 50 — Union T KJo *" — —
S F Sav U....615 — ¦
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 134 — OSL&H ¦ 3» ' —
««*ry-st — _ Presidio ." 17 22
Market-st U 68%
POWDER STOCKS.
California 150 160 Vlgorlt l% 3«i
Giant Con Co.. S3 84Vi "
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co.. 7% 7H KUauea S Co.. 20% 23
Haw C & S Co 85*4 — Makaweli S Co 42Vi 42'4
Honokaa S Co. 31& — Onomea S Co. 29 —
Hutch S P Co. 2v}; 25 Paauhau S Co. Jltf 31%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.124%125',2 Pac A F A... VA —
Cal Fruit Asn.l03 l /il0tJ Pac C Bor Co. — 153
Mer Ex Asan. 97 100 Par Paint Co. 12% —
Oceanic S Co.. 98% »9% ' »
Morning- Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 70 50
10 Contra Costa Water 7075
5 Contra Costa Water 71 00
10 Giant Powder Con 83 25
175 Honokaa Sugar Co 31 00
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 yi\L
6 Market Street Railway 68 00
15 Market Street Railway 63 25
10O Paauhau S P Co 31 23
1S3 S F Gas & Electric Co 52 W
70 Spring Valley Water 94 00
Street —
45 Fireman's Fund Insurance 50
20 Market Street Railway 63 00
$2000 Oakland Transit Co $3 11700
400 Oceanic Steamship Co 98 75
100 S F Gas & Klectrle Co 52 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 California Fruit Canners 104 W
10 Contra Costa Water 71 50
100 Hana Plantation Co. 725
23 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 86 CO
100 Honokaa. Sugar Co 31 00
ICO Paauhau S P Co 31 -»5
350 S F Gas & Electric Co 52 00
5 Spring Valley Water 94 23
$4000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mortgage) 103 00
Street—
120 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 20 87%
20 Oceanic Steamship Co 99 QO
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHAN'GB.
Morning Session. ; '
Board—
lOOC California-Standard 29
100 Caribou 27
700 Monte Crlsto 1 50
500 Petroleum Center 13 \
Son West Shore 3 50
Street—
65 Kern River 18 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—.
600 California-Standard 23
500 California-Standard •. 27
100 Caribou 30
720 Home Oil 4 55
2C Home Oil, b 30 4 ES
1000 Petroleum Center 15
100 Petroleum Center is
130 San Joaquin Oil & Development 9 37ii
100 Sterling O & D Co 2 SO
MINING STOCKS.
The following -were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 19) 300 Gould & Curry. 91
100 Belcher 20 50O Mexican 26
200 Best & Belcher 21 700 Ophir 77
200 Bullion 05 300 Savags 17
100 Con Cal & Va..l 05 10O Yellow Jacket.. 24
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 19i 60O Mexican 26
200 Chollar 12! 800 Ophir 78
700 Con Cal & Va..l 00 500 Overman 07
8 Con Cal & Va.. 9o' 300 Savage 17
200 Crown Point... 10 200 Silver Hill 40
200 Gould & Curry. 94
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday r i
Morning- Session.
200 Andes 05 2C0 Ophir 78
300 Belcher 19 200 Ophir 79
600 Con Cal & Val O2V4 200 Sierra Nevada. 24
60 Confidence 60 300 Sierra Nevada. 23
100 Confidence 64 300 Silver Hill 39
300 Gould & Curry. 90
600 Justice 03)
Afternoon Session,
200 Belcher 20] 300 Sierra Nevada. 23
500 Gould & Curry. 91 400 Syndicate 08 :
200 Gould & Curry. S3 200 Syndicate 13
400 Ophir 78 1
200 Potosl 101 I •
OREGON.
¦ PORTLAND. Nov. 12.— Wheat-Walla Walla.
65S-5.5V4C.
Cleared — Steamer Bergrenhus, 30,750 bbls of
flour for Hongkong.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA. Nov. 12.— Wheat— Firm. Y 2 c higher.
Bluestem, 58c; Club, 55c.
Business.
PORTLAND. Nov. 12.-Clearlngs. $536,438;
balances, SS5.107.
Northern Wheat Market.
/LONDON*. Nov. 12.— Consols. OS^tgSSTi. Sil
ver, 29 ll-16d. French rentes. ICOf 4"V£cSfl00f T.Oc.
Cargoes on passage, white flrm, red dull; car
goes No. 1 Standard California, 31s; cargoes
AValla Walla. 29s 9d; English country markets,
steady; Import into U. K., wheat, 416,000 quar
ters; import into U. K., flour, 2DS.O0O barrels:
wheat and flour on'passage to U. K.,' 2,060,000;
wheat and flour on passage to Continent, 1.0S0,
000.
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 12.— WHKAT— Firm: No.
1 Standard California. Bs 3lxd<jz6s 4d: wheat in
Paris, flrm; flour in Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, quiet but steady; weather In Eng
land, rain. ,
COTTON— Uplands. 5 13-r.2d.
, CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 12. — WHEAT — Spot.
steady; No. 2 red Western winter, 6s %d; No.
1 Northern spring. 6s 4d; No. 1 California. 6s
4d. Futures— Quiet; Decmeber. 6s %d; March,
6s 2Ud. .
CORN — Spot, quiet: American mixed new. 4s
2d. Futures— Quiet; November, 4s ?gd; Decem
ber. 4s Ud: January, 3s 10?»d.
The imports of wheat Into Liverpool last week
were 50,700 quarters from Atlantic ports, 15,000
quarters from Pacific ports and 43,000 quarters
from other ports. The imports of American
corn into Liverpool last week were 49,000 quar
ters.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12. — The market for cotton
was excited, very active and decidedly higher
to-day. The opening prices showed an advance
of 12@16 points and further advanced 8@12
points on generally bullish quotations. In the
afternoon buying was checked by- heavy esti
mated receipts for New Orleans and Houston,
especially at the latter place, for to-morrow.
Th<> market closed steady at a net advance of
21023 points.
New York Cotton Market.
mchanged at $16 75017. Tin dull at $27 6S<&>
.7 73. Lead quiet at $4 37',4- The brokers' price
or lead was ft and for copper $16 S7&@17.
exports, closing firmer at $4 15@4 20. Pie iron
warrants were quiet at $9@10. Lake copper
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1UOO.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
THE STOCK MARKET.
UN1TKD STATES BONDS.
Wrt.A«k. I TlM.Afk
4s quar coup..H5s;U6i£ Us do cp (new).136Til37%
4s do ree 115%116^!3s do coup.....]03%110ii
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
8
La Ft
¦TAT1
1OXS. St
I Hours; S«
eason.
. ', Sf
easo
Em
S.25
S.4I
Bet
Bm
2.71
1.78
i S3
6.62
2.12
.4$
r.44
2.42
.62
4.SS
1 .6(1
.42
La Ft
¦TAT1
1OXS. St
I Hours; S«
eason.
. ', Sf
easo
Em
S.25
S.4I
Bet
Bm
2.71
1.78
i S3
6.62
2.12
.4$
r.44
2.42
.62
4.SS
1 .6(1
.42
THE 0. R. & R. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STBAMBR3 TO
PORTLAND
Prom Ex>ear-street Wn*rt at 13 a. m.
FARF f L 2 / Irst 5'2?* tocludta ? Berth
IftnC $d Second Class and Meals,
COLUMBIA sails JJov 14 24. D«- t
GE». W. ELDER salls.........:..N > <) v \^j!" »
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and oil points la ths Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
B- C. WARD, General Agent.
C3 Market street.
TOYO KKEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 r> m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, aad
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, 'etc. No cargo received oa board on day
of sailing. X
83. HONGKONG MAIUT
Tuesday. November U. 1XX)
ES. NIPPON MARU ...TT. „....„..
~ Thursday. December «. 1300
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday, Deoember 39. 19"0
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market stre«t.*corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE. . f
Kl V YORK. SOUTH AXPT0S. M3C05. Pim
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 13 a. m.
St. Loots Not. 14 St. Louis Dec i
New York Nov. 21 New Tork Dec 13
8L Paul Nov. 2S St. Paul Dec. 13
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
South wark Nov. 14 Noordland Dec. S
Westernland ...Nov. 21 Friesland. Dec 11
Kensington Nov ZS Southwark Dec. U
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
SO Montgomery st. Or any of \ts agents.
oeeanics.s.co. sssast
SS. MARIPOSA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia •
Wednesday. November 21. 9 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
Tuesday. December 4, 4 p. m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Monday. December 3. J p. m.
J. D. SPKCKELS& BROS. CO.. Agb.Jicfa C5xa, 643 EarhtSt
Freight QSica, 327 Harkst St. Pur Ha. 7 . Pacific St.
COMPAOniB GENERALS TRANSATLAST1QU2.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS --._
PalllnK every Thursday. Instead of rf» <rf\
Saturday, from November 2, 1899 at -w<ttf**r>
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street VAQU1TAINE. Nov. S. Flrs--
elass to Havr «- I 55 *nd upward. S«wn,i
claas to Havre. W2 SO and upward. - GENERAL
A ?^' C J 5° R^ UN " 1T ?P STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldinjr). New
York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Arfntw. 5 Montgomery avenue. Pan Francisco.
EAY^ AND RIVZB. STZAMESa
FOR U. S. HAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer ."Montlcello,"
MON.. Tuts.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 3f.
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fr.-
days. 1 p. m. -and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. in., i
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Doe*.
Pl»r No. I. Teleshone Main iZK.
FARE 50o
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jos« dd
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and auaymas <iIex.)-10 a. m.. 7th each month
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves th» right to chanc*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailln*
without previous notice.
str^f^^e^X 1 !^- 4 *~ *«*»«T
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St., Saa Francisco.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cavu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedm"
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m.; steam-r
Bonlta, Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Anjjeles and Redondo <Los \n-
reles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a n.
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9am
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
K Steamers leave Broadway
fc^. wharf, San Francisco:
VJgStag^^ Kor Alaskan Port*— II ,t. m
¦SS'tS^R'&L C^ 13111 ? 5 to company's stfarr.i
C^^JH^al For Victoria, Vancouver • I ;
l,JSf(k I "fj3,1 C> -^ F° rl Town.wnd. >*-i;r,.
racoma. Fverett. Anacortcs
-«nd New Whatcom (W.ish >—
„ . * • , U *• «n.. Nov. 12. 17. 22. :.'7.
Dec. 2, and every fifth day thereafter, dung*
at Seattle for this company's steamers fur
Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P Ry
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. -n Vov
9, 14. 19. 24, 23, Dec. 4, and every fifth day
thereafter.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
EMIL COHN . AUCTIONEER
WILL. SELL TO-DAY (TUESDAY). »„, ,a
190O. at 11 a. nr.. 112OA Broadway, the very '.ip
Kant new oak furniture and carpets of «.,,"
Particulars In Chronicle. Broadway S£
Leavenworth. Take Hyde or Polk stn^t ca I
.. EMIL COHN. Auction",
AUCTION SALESFrench's Room Found.
OAKLAND. Nov. 12.— Licenses to marrv
were Issued to-day to Michael Hayes. 62.
and Victoria Gorris. 62. Oakland; Jac>c
Aubrey Doxey, 22. and Mannie Koch, l\
San Francisco: Frank Eugene Foss. 42.
and Grace Romenla Webb. 3fi. Oakland:
Edward William Steinmetz. 37. Mission
San Jose, and Mary A. Nolan, 27. Mission
San Jose: Jose J. Santos. 28. Haywards.
and Carrie M. Sllva. IS. Haywards: Archl
ball MacPhail. 36. Oakland, and Gra^e
Mclver. 25. Oakland: Elmer Virgil Day.
40. San Francisco. Rnd Mrs. Sarah Franci.-*
Andrews. 43. San Francisco: Mary Fran
ces O'Connor. 20. San Francisco, and
Archibald Cobb Wilson. 24, San Francisco.
Licenses to Marry.
The California Society of the Sons of
the American Revolution will give a ban
quet at the Merchants' Club next Thurs
day evening to commemorate the hundred
and twenty-third anniversary of the
agreement to articles of confederation and
neroetual union between the States. Emi
nent speakers will give addresses on ap
nroDrlat© topics. On this occasion mem
bers will be privileged to Invite ladies,
for whom ample accommodation has
been provided. The committee In
charge consists of George W. Spen
cer, William " J- Dutton. George
E Howe, Z. U. Dodge and Charles T.
Hutchlnson. The following named were
elected members of the society at the last
held meeting of the board of managers:
Daniel Augustus Ostrom Jr.. Ralph S.
Huntlngton. Andrew Jackson \ining,
Frank Blair Turpin.. George William
Brooks. James William Ward and Edwin
Putnam Danforth. - ¦
Sons of American Revolution.
Flames Break Out in Building Ad
jacent to That Occupied by Cali
fornia Fireworks Company.
A fire which started last evening in the
rear of the cigar house of Boltz. Clymer
& Co., at 217 Front street, threatened for
a time to result in a disastrous conflagra
tion on account of its proximity to the
building occupied by the California Fire
works Company. The fire department re
sponded quickly, however, and the blaze
was extinguished after It had entailed a
Iofs of about $1000.
Shortly before 6 o'clock Special Officer
gam Rowland noticed smoke issuing from
the building:, which is also occupied by
Coates & Co.. tea Importers. He imme
diately turned in an alarm from box 264;
When the firemen came to the scene they
found that a quantity of leaf tobacco and
boxes were ablaze in the rear. Through
hard work they succeeded In confining the
flames to the place of origin. v
HIGH-PRICED TOBACCO
IS DESTROYED BY FIRE
AKGELOW IS AGEOTTND
ON YORKSHIRE COAST
Steaxner in Precarious Condition, but
Passengers All Wade Ashore
at Low Tide.
LOXDON, Xov. 12.— The Wilson line
Fteam^r Ancelow. carrying 100 Norwegian
emigrant* for the ITnited States, went
pground Sunday night near \\itnernpe.
on the coast of Yorkshire. Th«re wras
considerable exeitf>m*tit on board, but tne
?ea was calm and the shore sandy, xnj
captain declined assistance by rocket, and
when the tide receded all waded ashore,
the men earning the women and cnll
"tR^ Anpelow. which Is In a precarious
position, is Jettisoning her carpo. She
was out of her course owing to the for.
Th<» steamer Angelow was built at Hull
in 1^74. Phe in of ST^S tons displacement.
ZZS feet S Inches lour, has S3 feet 6
Inches b"ain and a depth of 18 feet 2
inches. She Is owned by T. Wilson Bons
& Co. Of Hull.
»
CHICO. Nov. 12.— Bertha J. Brown, ared IS
v>>ani. wa» to-day ordered committed to the
insane asylum. She became violently Insane
on tiaturday last and all efforts to Quiet b«r
txoved una.vaili»**-
ATTACKED HIM WITH A
KNIFE AND BLACKJACK
Jules Noisat Secures Warrants for
Arrest of Joe Lavier and Wal
ter Williams.
Jules Nolsat, Flllmore House, Stockton
street and Broadway, swore out war
rants in Judge Mogan's court yesterday
for the arrest of Joe Lavier and Walter
Williams on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon. His appearance showed
that he had been roughly dealt with.
Nolsat alleges that he called at 627
Montgomery avenue Sunday night to see
Mary Smith, a lady friend. The two de
fendants accosted him and demanded to
know his business. He resented their in
terference and a fight followed. Williams
attacked him with a knife, cutting him
on the neck and over the eye. Lavier hit
him on the head with a "black jack,"
knocking him down. They also kicked
him while he was down.
Thomas H. Caswell, supreme grand
commander of the Scottish Rites of the
Southern Jurisdiction of the United States,
lies at death's door at his home. 2620 How
ard street. Dr. Wadsworth. his physi
cian, is fighting for his life, but the odds
are against him.
The disease which afflicts Mr. Caswell
Is an Internal one of a difficult character
to be dealt with. His illness has been of
but short duration, but owing to Its na
ture exceedingly wearing.
PROMINENT FREEMASON
UES AT DEATH'S DOOR
SALINAS, Nov. 12.— 'William Hunter and John
Sanborn, two burrlars. who have served peni
tentiary terms before from San Francisco, and
who committed a burglary here, to-day pleaded
fullty and were given fifteen years each.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12.— The following
order was made public at the War De
partment to-day:
By direction of the President, the Depart
ment of Porto Rico will te discontinued on De
cember 15, 1S00. and the iiOand of Porto Rico
and the islands and keys adjacent thereto will
be attached to the Department of the East and
denisncted as the Dintrlct of Porto Rico.
The colonel, lieutenant colonel, headquarters,
band and one battalion of the Kleventh In
fantry and the squadron of the Fifth Cavalry
now Fervinr in Porto Rico will be relieved
from duty therein an aoon as practicable and
sent to New York City, whence they will pro
ceed to such stations as may be designated
hereafter.
Brifradier General Geonre Davln, U. E. V.,
now In command of the Department of Porto
Rico, will upon the direnntinuance of that de
partment repair to Manila. Philippine Islands,
and report to the commanding general of the
Division of the Philippines for ascignment to
duty as inspector general of that division.
ELIHU ROOT. Secretary of War.
By command of Lieutenant General Miles.
H. C. CORBIN. Adjutant General.
This order was Issued after a full cable
consultation with Governor Allen of Por
to Rico, and after General Davis, who
lately has been In command, had made
his recommendations. It was the opinion
of Governor Allen that the reduction of
the force In Porto RJco would be eminent
ly satisfactory to the people of the Isl
and, and that the force to be retained
would be ample for all present purposes.
Thi* ord«>r leaves in Porto Rico the na
tive regiment, consisting of £50 men. a
battalion of the Eleventh Infantry and
batteries F and G of the Fifth Artillery.
These troops will be under the command
of Lieutenant Colonel James A.-Buchan
an who is now in command of the na
tive regiment. It is quite probable that
the troops which are ordered from Porto
Rico may in time be sent to the Philip
pines.
FORTL»ArJT>, Not. 12.— J. B. Arnold, a tele
rraph operator, killed himself on the street
here, sbout noon to-day, bv shooting. Arnold
had been employed on the Oregron Railroad and
NavjratJon Company's lin« at Coyote. Or. He
resigned on account of 111 health , and came to
Portland preparatory to returning: to his home
In Carlisle, Ind., where his mother lived, r."
Formal OTder for the Withdrawal of
Troops Is Issued by Secretary
Root.
REDUCTION IN THE
PORTO RICAK" FORCE
VISALJA. Nov. 12.— Republicans In par
ticular and citizens In general of Vlsalia
and vicinity to-night ratified the election
of McKlnley and Roosevelt. One of tha
largest political gatherings ever held la
Tuiare» County began at 6:30 o'clock, con
tinuing to midnight. Charles G. Lamber
son, chairman of the Republican County
Central Committee, and Deputy County
Clerk Harry B. McClure were the chief
managers or the ratification. Half a car
load of fireworks was Imported and
wagons with urns of colored nra
driven through the town during the even-
Ing produced a brilliant effect. Five hun
dred flambeaus and torches were carried
In the procession and It was noticeable
that many of the most substantial busi
ness men of the town were in line. At tha
head of th© parade was a galaxy of Rough
Riders, whose maneuvers won the cheers
of the multitude-
Hundreds of people were turned away
from the Armory owlnff to the lack of
room. The stage was decorated with the
Stars and Stripes and pictures of McKin
ley, Roosevelt and Lincoln. Jud??e H. C.
LJttle was chairman of the meeting- and
Senator H. V. Morehou3e of San Jose the
orator of the evening.
The Senator, was never more eloquent.
more persuasive or more patriotic In his
sentiments. He made his greatest hit
when he compared McKinley with Lin
coln. The speech throughout was listened
to with close attention. At Its close the
audience arose and gave three cheers for
McKlnley and Roosevelt.
Rousing Demonstration Because of
the Republican Victory.
RATIFICATION AT VISALIA.
Uncollected taxes may, when gathered
In. add $60,000 to the city's treasure. Ex
pert Williams of the Board of Supervisor
has been searching the unpaid tax records
with some startling results. Williams
finds that the Bank of British Columbia
owes taxes on personal property assessed
in 1S96 amounting to $36,165 51. While this
might have been collected at the time
now It has probably become outlawed.
Other banks are heavy debtors and Wells-
Fargo owes taxes for 1S90 footing up $64,
807 60.
Snug Sum in Assessments That Lie
Fallow, But May Yet Be
Collected.
UmXXLUSCTED TAXES MAY
SWELL THE CITY'S INCOME
fisher by occupation, and Edward FuV
long, 15 years old, were arrested last night
by Police Officer Winzler and their names
were placed on the detinue book, pending
an Inquiry into their actions.
Early yesterday morning the saloon of
Joseph Caldarella at 102 Second street waa
raided by four young men and a quantity
of liquors was taken from the show win
dow. Lulgi Caldarella, a brother of the
proprietor, swore out a "John Doe" war
rant charging malicious mischief.
Officer winzler yesterday saw the gang
In the neighborhood of First and Minna
streets and gave chase. He caught Gle.i-
Kon and Furlong and took them to the
City Hall Station. Shortly after their ar
rest Luigl Caldarella Identified Gleason as
the man who had thrown the missile
through the window of his brother's sa
loon, and the warrant that he swore out
In the morning charging him with mali
cious mischief was served by Patrolman
Harry O'Dea,
The two others who It was supposed
had a connection with the affair escaped.
Eleven bottles of Rock and Rye were
found In the possession of Oleason and
Furlonj? -and were booked as evidence)
against them. Furlong Is said to be an
escape from the Boys' and Girls' Aid So
ciety and Gleason has served a number
of terms for petty offenses.
Gang of Toughs Raid a Second-Street
Saloon and Two of Them Are
Captured.
John Gleason. 22 years of ago. a cod-
STEAL LIQUOR AND ARE
CAUGHT WITH THE GOODS
the Islands.
Arrangements are being rapidly com
pleted to enable the transport Sheridan
to leave this port on the 16th lnst. Fully
300 recruits will sail on the vessel. In ad
dition to thirty-one hospital corps pri
vates, two female nurses and two acting
hospital stewards. Acting Assistant Sur
geons C. I. Wyche and C. F. Kuhn have
been assigned to the ship and will report
on the completion of the voyage for duty
in the Philippines*.. Dr. Kuhn will be In
charge of the medical department of the
vessel during the voyage. The recruits
will be under the command of Captain
Harry A'. Smith, Fifteenth Infantry, and
Lieuterant T. H. Koch, Thirteenth Infan
try.
Twelve volunteers received their dis
charge yesterd&y. The number of con
valescent volunteers at the Presidio Is be
ing rapidly reduced, as the room and
quarters occupied by them Is much need
ed. The transports Logan and Thomas
are due hero, each vessel having more
than 250 eick and wounded on board.
W. J. Reynolds, a private of Company
E, Forty-second Infantry, died yesterday
at the general hospital.
Will Carry Recruits and Hospital
Corps Men Assigned to Duty in
TRANSPORT SHERIDAN
READY TO SAIL ON TIME
Elisha B. Worrell and Daniel F. Sher
man of the Sherman-Worrell Fruit Com
pany are at the Grand Hotel. Mr. Wor
rell has been making Inquiries concerning
the establishment of a factory In this city
for the manufacture of condensed Califor
nia fruit by a new process. He said yes
terday that he had been busy for several
weeks and had met with much local en
couragement. He and his associates hoped
to be in position to take advantage or
next season's fruit crop. He will start for
Boston to-morrow.
Much Boston capital has been invested.
In his opinion the enterprise promises to
have far reaching possibilities In Increas
ing the market for California products
and In the establishment of a large new
Industry In this city. Mr. Worrell has
been Invited to speak before the State
Horticultural Society at the next meeting,
but his engagements prevent him from
accepting the Invitation.
GOES EAST TO PROMOTE
, NEW LOCAL INDUSTRY
Elisha B. Worrell Confident of Abil
ity to Establish Fruit Con
densing Factory.
To His Excellency. Henry T. Gage, Governor
of the Sta'e of California: In the issue of. the
Sacramento Bee of October 12 appeared an ar
ticle severely criticising the management of tha
Preston School of Industry. At the first meet
ing of the Board of Trustee3 held thereafter,
which was on the 13th day of October, 1900. tha
superintendent. D. S. Hlrshbers. demanded an
immediate and thorough investigation of ths
charges contained In said article.
The board began aa examination that nlfht
and completed the uma at Its next meeting,
held November 10. After a lull and complete
investigation of said charges we beg to pre
sent to you the following report:
First— The statement "that Superintendent D.
S Hlrshberg is to be replaced was received
with little surprise and -little regret In lone,
on Investigation, was found to be untrue.
Second— The statement that "it had been the
subject of a good deal of comment, both in
town and at the school, that he had been al
lowed to remain uj> to the present time was
disproved by reliable evidence.
Third— The statement that "it has been an
open secret that Hirshberg has been unable to
maintain any kind of discipline in the school;
that the majority «* his own subordinates do
not speak to him except when obliged to do so
in the performance of duty, and that practice*
go on under his very nose and known to him
that show a state of unprintable depravity and
degeneracy among the Inmates of the school
almoet impossible of belief Is not true.
Fourth— The statement that '•Hlrshbers has
always boasted of his pull with the administra
tion and that he is likely to nght an effort to
oust him or offer objection to the appointment
of a successor" waa disproved by reliable evl-
e Fifth— The statement that "there are plenty
who will say that there is a condition of affairs
at the school that would warrant Its abolition.
If it cannot be remedied, but when details ar»
asked for they tsay that they cannot afford to
talk and some one else must bear the brunt."
was disproved by direct testimony of the officers
and employes of the school.
Sixth— The statement that as at first con
ducted the Preston School of Industry Is a black
and filthy blot upon the map of the State; that
it is anything but a reformatory Institution;
that en the contrary It is declared to be little
else than a school of infamy and crime; that
If a boy la taken Into It with a trace of de
cency and the possibility of being made a man
the chances are 100 to 1 that through his asso
ciations all of this will soon be wiped out and
h« will In the course of time be graduated
either a full-fl?>.g"l criminal of the foulest kind
or an idiot" is not only untrue, but Is an out
rajreous and llbelous statement.
Seventh— The statement that "there are not
a few Instances of boys being treated for vlla
diseases, contracted at the school; that boyi.
etc at the schools" Is not true.
Ei'ehth— That "one Jerry Oreen «u punished
bv Superintendent Hfrshber* and Captain Wood
and that in resisting the officer he had his face
Injured" Is true, and we further find that no
more force was used to punish than was abso
lutely necessary upon said Green, and we fully
exonerate Mr. Hlrahber* from the Implied
chars** of brutality.
Ninth— The statement 'that Adams waa dis
charged because hit refused to pay a fine of J10
for letting a boy escape" !• untrue.
Tenth— The statement that Hlrshberg had a
personal row with nearly every ofneer In the
Institution and that th»y all despise him. but
are afraid to talk for fear of losing' their
places," was positively denied by the several
employes and officers of the school.
Eleventh— The statement "until recently es
capes have been common, but now the discipline
Is so lax no one wanted to gtt away." t, sel£ .
contradictory and therefore not true.
Twelfth— That "there Is a certain kind of Im
morality among the larger boys when first sent
to this Institution" Is doubtless true, as this
Is an evil which Is incidental to all reforma
tory schools, and Is one of the reasons for com
mitting moral delinquents to these schools, but
the records of this Institution on that point will
compare favorably with other reformatories in
this and other States. We have succeeded In
very nearly stamping out thia special evil and
can absolutely do so aa mob aa we get our col
lege system or segregation In force.
Thirteenth— That there "are boys committed to
thia institution who ought not to be committed"
Is no doubt true, but neither the Board of
Trustees nor the Superintendent has any con
trol over that matter, commitment under the
law being entirely In the hands of the Superior
Judges of the several counties. Tours respect
fully,
E. M. Preston. J. H. Dungan. Charles H.
Dunton. Trustees.
The trustees of the Preston School of
Industry at lone hav» filed with Governor
Gage their report of the investigation of
the management of that institution and
D. S. Hlrshberg, the superintendent in
charge. The report exonerates Hlrshbers
from all blame and is as follows:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway. Nov. 12.
Trustees of the lone School
Find Him Entirely
Blameless.
HIRSHBERG IS
EXOHERATED
Fay. In giving his testimony before the
Court Commissioner, said that he and his
wife Myra got along amicably until about
a year ago, when he brought his sister.
Mrs. Hill, to live with himself and wife.
Immediately his wife took offense and de
manded that she be ordered away. She
said she was not in the business of keep
ing boarders and would be supremo In her
own home. Fay tried to pacify his wife,
but she persisted In her demands until
he bought a ticket with the purpose of
sending his sister to Los Angeles.
But before the sister could get away sho
became 111. Fay went oft to work on«»
morning, leaving the two women In th«>
house. When he came back at night ne
was surprised to find the house empty ex
cept for the sister, who bad been consid
erately left a bed. The wife had taken
everything with her and fled. The fol
lowing day Fay received a letter from his
wife. In which she said she had left him
for good. He has not seen her since, but
has received several threatening letters,
which were placed In evidence at the
Commissioner's proceedings.
Fay says his wife made life a burden for
him and that one of the worst offense*
was that of try'n|T to make him lose bis
position as a clerk In the employ of the
Southern Pacific Company.
Too much sister-in-law, instead of the
usual too much mother-in-law, is the rea
son why the Bert E. Fav family of two
of West Oakland could not get along. Tr-e
troubles of the couple were aired befora
Court Commissioner Babcock by the ma>
member of this disrupted family, who
sought divorce on the ground of deser
tion, and to-day a decree was entered !n
the Superior Court in Mr. Fay's favor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Car.
111S Broadway, Nov. 11
Mrs. Myra Fay for Thia
Reason Leaves Her Hus
band and Home.
SISTER-IN-LAW
DISPLEASES HER
Deceased held the order of thirty-second
degree in the Scottish Rite, was a mem
ber of California Lodge No. 1 and was a
Royal Arch Mason and a Knight Templar.
He was also made a knight commander
of the Court of Honor by the Supreme
Council of Southern Jurisdiction of the
Scottish Rite of the United States. He
was also a member of the Eastern Star.
At the time of his death Mr. Plummer
was aged 72, but carried his years well
His funeral will be held on Wednesday
from the Masonic Temple by California
Lodge No. 1.
Mr. Plummer established the Trustee
Board In 1887 and It has since remained
the organ of Pacific Coast Free Masonry.
The deceased leaves a wife, a daughter
in the East and two sons. Melvin and Al
vln Plummer, to mourn his loss. The lat
ter has been associated with him In the
Trestle Board.
C. Moody Plummer, publisher and editor
of the Masonic organ. The Trestle Board,
died last Sunday at the Homeopathic
Sanitarium from the effects of an unsuc
cessful operation for an internal disease.
The news of his death comes as a shock
to his many friends and fellow Masons.
The short duration of his illness, which
lasted only three days, warned few of
them of the approaching end.
Mr. Plummer was born in Bethel, Me.,
In 1S2S, and had been in the State four
teen years at the time of his death. Be
fore coming West he conducted a hotel
at Bath, Me., and later became water
front reporter on the Boston Atlas. He
was a member of the firm of Chamber
lain, Haines & Plummer, which published
the Bath Northern Tribune, a paper still
in existence.
Board Passes Away After Ill
ness of Brief Duration. •
Editor and Proprietor of tlie Trestle
GRIM REAPER GARNERS
C. MOODY PLXJMMER
. Meyers thinks he will be able to recog
nize the men in case they are arrested.
He says one was rather' slim, about 5 feet
6 Inches in height, and had a small mus
tache. The second was tall and heavily
built. He could not Fee his face, as It was
closely concealed by the handkerchief.
The one who remained outside was of
medium height and was dressed In a dark
suit of clothes. The three men, Meyers
says, wore Flouch hats. The handker
chiefs which the two who did the active
work used to hide their faces were found,
outside the entrance to the bar, having
been thrown away by the robbers.
"I was deeply interested in the story
that I was reading," said Meyers, when
giving his version of the robbery to De
tective "Bob" Graham, "and did not 6to
the men enter. They both wore while
masks, which completely hid their faces.
When they covered me with their revol
vers I looked kind of longingly toward
the open door, when I saw a third man.
whom I strongly suspect of being an ac
complice. His back was turned to me.
but notwithstanding I noticed that he con
tinually looked up and down the street
to see of anybody was approaching.
"After I threw up my hands the rob
bers searched my pocket.", but secured
only 5 cents, all the money I had with me.
They then bound my hands with a
handkerchief, and after choking me
forced me Into a closet which is
Just off the bar. I remained there
until they left and then I kicked open
the door. After considerable trouble I
managed to release my hands, and run
ning outside shouted for the police. Two
omeers readily responded, and after get
ting a description cf the men from me
went in search of the desperate fellows.
I did not knew that they had rifled the
cash drawer until I returned to the bar.
The drawer was on the floor, but the con
tents were gone."
Meyers was sitting on a table reading a
newspaper when the robbers entered. In
the basement of the hall were a number
of juvenile athletes, who were practicing
on horizontal bars, but they knew nothing
of the robbery until sometime after It
had happened.
Two masked men last night entered the
bar in the Mission Turn Vereln Hall, at
Eighteenth and Lapidge streets, and after
securely binding Henry Meyers, who was
in charge, robbed the cash register of
$3 60. Both men were armed with revolv
ers, which they threatened to use on
Meyers If he made an outcry. After tying
his hands with a silk handkerchief they
severely choked him and then locked him
In a closet. The police were notified im
mediately after the robbery, but up to an
early hour this morning they had not suc
ceeded in obtaining a. clew to the perpe
trators of the daring crime.
Henry Meyers Is Beaten and
Robbed by Masked
Thieves.
DARING CRIME
IS COMMITTED
IN MISSION
The girl Mildred testified that on Sun
day morning. October 28, she went to the
grocery on the corner for candy and
thought she would go over and see her
j-apa. Sh* used to go a great deal and
f*»*> him. He opened the door for her and
esked her if she would like to go for a
ride. She faid she would better go homo
and get her coat, but papa told her to go
upstairs and his wife would give her
a coat. After returning from the ride
r-,»r papa asked her If she would like to
go to a boarding school. He gave her
f"om<»ihing re<3 to drink In Shasta water
with two lumps of sugar and she was
taken to the convent In Oakland. Th«
r.ext night papa called to eee her ana
told her that rr.atnma had gone away wltn
Mr. Mitchell, which made her cry. Sat
urday night mamma came and took her
sway from the convent. Mamma had al
wavs treated her well. She told papa that
Sunday that Fhe had breakfast in mam
ma'K rbi-rn and Mr. Mitchell had eaten up
her breakfast, but she knew Mr. Mitchell
wa« only teasing her.
Attorner Roche paid he had other wit
¦• . ,.,- •w-fio were not present and asked
for a continuance. He admitted that their
n-i^ncf wfluM only be cumulative and
the Judgf dismissed the case, remarking
that the civil remedies were abundantly
adequate Jn his opinion.
Upon cross-examination the witness de
nied that Mildred said to her that Sun
day morning that ?he was going to see
Yif-r papa, who would not treat hor mean
ly. Mildred did not complain that she had
no breakfast, neither did the witness tell
the child to go to her papa.
IVbeo the case was called Attorney j
Roche- asked for a continuance, as he had i
only boon called into the case about .an j
hour previous, but after argument it was j
decided to proceed. When Mrs. Gray took
the Etaod she whimpered to the Judge and j
Minted to Gra.v, who was talking to the |
attic jrirl. Sne had asked tnat Gray
should Dt forbidden to talk to the chlio.
'ine Juage said it. was cruel and unnat
ural to a=k that a father should be pro
muHed Irora tanking to his child, but.
.Mrs. Gray's attorney insisted and the girl
with tc-ass in her eyes was called to tne
bench and questioned by the Judge. She
had to ta.Ke a seat in the jury box, so as
to be separated irom both parents.
Mrs urav was then questioned. She
said she lived at the St. Nicholas Hotel.
Sunday. October '-&, she was living at 109S
Pine street, when Mildred was abducted
by her lather. She had obtained a. di
vorce from Gray and the decree gave her
the custody and care of the two children,
the father being allowed to see them at
reasonable times. After Sunday, Octo
ber 2* when Mildred went out with her
nurse t-he did not see her again till the
folio-sung Saturday In the Sacred Heart
Convent in Oakland, where she had been
placed by her father. Gray had tele
phoned to her that Sunday that he was to
take Mildred for a drive and would re
turn her in time for dinner. When she
did not return s-he pent the nurse to
Grays house at Vil Bush street, but the
nurse could get no response to her ring
ing of the beil. Witness then went her
self an>l After repeated ringings of the
bell and knot-kings on the door, one of th«
upper windows was opened and Gray's
present wife said to her: "Now we've got
you under our thumb. You'll never see
Mildred again." Gray was greatly influ
enced by his wife, the witness said.
"So siiould all good husbands be," in
terjected the Judge.
Mrs. Gray, continuing. 5aid that Gray
also shouted to her that she would never
s-ee Mildr«-d again. She began to cry ana
Gray and his wife jeered at her and
laughed at her. Gray shouted: "I'm going
to <lo vou up." Witness ¦was In a hair
falntirg condition and was scarcely able
to walk home.
The criminal phase of the dispute- be
tween George F". Gray, contractor, and
his divorced wife. Margaret, has ended.
In a victory for Gray. Judge Cabaniss
yesterday dismissed the charge of abduc
tion brought against Gray by his former
wife. Gray was charged with abducting
bis daughter. Mildred, a girl 9 years of
age. on Sunday. October 2S. Gray was
represented by Attorney Fisher Ames and
ilrs. Gray by Attorney Roche.
Chirge Against Him Is
Dismissed by Judge
Cabaniss.
COURT HOLDS
THAT GRAY IS
HOT GUILTY
•easiness if they arrive, or mourn In dark
lees the missed opportunity.
ROSE O'HALLORAN.
ARTHUR ARLINGTON, TTHO
CAPTURED WIDOW WITH
IRRESISTIBLE BAIT.
OAKLAND, Nov. 12.— Though ha
has been sentenced to serve the
rest of his natural life in the
penitentiary, Arthur Arlington,
who is being held at the County
Jail pending the decision of the Supremo
Court on his appeal for a new trial, con
tinues to make women his dupes. His
latest victim is a Mrs. Baldwin, who saya
her home Is in Chicago.
Mrs. Baldwin this morning told the
story of how she had been fooled by the
wily Arlington to Jailer Georga V. Tay
lor of the County Jail, where she appeared
Reeking information about the man. She
said she had come all the way from her
home In Chicago to meet Arlington, whom
she expected to marry. She had become
acquainted by correspondence with him
through a matrimonial bureau publica
tion, into which he had put an advertise
ment which she answered.
The correspondence between them had
been kept up for more than four months.
Arlington told a glowing story of wealth
piled up by mining and stock Investments,
and sent what purported to be a likeness
of himself. He urged her to come to Cali
fornia and marry him. saying that he had
a lawsuit on his hands and could not get
away.
USES WARREN ENGLISH'S
PHOTOGRAPH AS A DECOY
When Widow Baldwin Sees It She at Once
Rushes Out Here to Meet Arlington, Whom
She Supposes to Be the Original.
Mrs. Baldwin promised to come "West as
soon as she could straighten out her af
fairs, which she had set about Immediate
ly to do. In the meantime- she had sent
the photographs of herself and two
daughters. The letters that passed be
tween the couple burned with affection,
and there was every promise of a real
love match.
True to her promise, Mrs. Baldwin left
her home in Chicago and came to Oak
land, arriving here last Wednesday. Sha
had been accustomed to address her let
ters to just Oakland, and had an idea thfit
this was a frontier town, but when »h»
got off the train at Sixteenth-street sta
tion she concluded that It was something
of a city. To find Arlington was quite a
task, but she set about it with dispatch.
She wrote four letters from the Albany
Hotel, she said, and made numerous in
quiries. The four letters reached Arling
ton at the County Jail.
Arlington's story about a lawsuit led
Mrs. Ba.-twin to believe that her man wa*
engaged at the courthouse, and this morn-
Ing she appeared early. She inquired of
the janitor for Arlington, and was told
that, such a man was prisoner at the
County Jail. Thither she went, to learn
the story of Arlington's misdeeds and hlg
sentence for life. Then she wept ani de
manded to see Arlington, who was im
mediately brought from his apartments.
In the presence of the Jail officials the
couple met.
"How dare yon play with my affections,
sir?" demanded the defiant Mrs. Baldwin.
"Give me back my pictures and '.ettera,
and I will give you back yours."
But Arlington was equal to the occa
sion. He denied emphatically that he had
ever seen the woman or her pictures be
fore or that he "had ever corresponded
with her. But she stuck to her asser
tions and Insisted on the return of the
pictures and correspondence. The words
of the couple were becoming more heated
every moment, and finally, when a halr
pulllng match seemed Imminent. Arling
ton was taken tack to hl3 quarters.
Before she went away Mrs. Baldwin
drew from her pocketbook the picture Ar
lington had sent her. It was a. half-tone
likeness of ex-Congressman Warren B.
English. The discovery of this further
deception Increases Mrs. Baldwin's rage.
and she swore to have vengeance upon
Arlington.
She stated that she had spent nearly all
her money coming to California, and
would have to wait until her daughters
sent her more.
Inquiry at the Albany Hotel failed to
find any Mrs. Baldwin there as a gue>?t.
The letters to Arlington bore the print of
that hotel, but the envelopes might have
been secured for the purpose.
Arlington was convicted of swindling
Mrs. Mamie Smith a year ago, and Judge»
Hall gave him a life sentence, there hav
ing been three prior felony convictions
against him. Since r.ls incarceration in
the County Jail, the officials say. he h«3
had a large correspondence, and almost
altogether with women.
Bates to Bakersneld Same as South
ern Pacific's, Which Supreme ,,
Court Is Now Consid
ering.
*
The Railroad Commissioners held a reg
ular meeting yesterday afternoon. The
most Important matter to come up was a
petition from the Santa Fe railroad ask
ing for the adoption of its new schedule
of passenger rates between this city and
Bakersfield. The Santa Fe's rates, ac
cording to the schedule, are the same as
those of the Southern Pacific, which have
been protested and are now awaiting the
pleasure of the Supreme Court.
The Santa Fe Company has fixed the
same rate as the Southern Pacific, its fig
ures to some of the more important points
being as follows: From San Francisco to
Antioch. $1 50; to Stockton, $2 50; to Mer
ced, SI 25; to Fresno, $5 90; to Guernsey.
17 05; to Bakersfleld. $9 10. The Commis
sioners were opposed to approving this
tariff until a decision had been rendered
by the Supreme Court in the Fresno case.
The board examined the Santa Fe tariff
carefully and found it to be in excess of
what it considers a just and reasonable
rate. The Santa Fe has consequently been
ordered to show cause, if any it has, why
¦the rates as set forth in the new tarlif
should not be reduced and a hearing has
been set for the afternoon of December 10.
The Commissioners voted to hold a
hearing on December 11 of the demurrers
of the Southern Pacific, Santa Fe and
others relative to the action recently
brought by the Los' Angeles Traffic Asso
ciation. The board also instructed its
secretary to notify the railroad corpora
tions which have been delinquent in filing
their annual reports that the same must
be sent in immediately. The companies
that have not yet been heard from are
the Southern Pacific, McLeod River, Nev
ada, California and Oregon and the Na
tional City" and Otay.
State Board of Railroad
Commissioners Orders
a Hearing.
SANTA FE'S NEW
RATE SCHEDULE
NOT APPROVED
Brandenstein said he had visited the
premises and failed to discover any dan
ger in the construction of the building.
Comte desired the reference of the reso
lution to the Judiciary Committee, so that
the board would continue to have the
building under Its control. Dwyer object
ed, as the Board of Public Works and
Fire Warden already have supervision
over the construction. Brandenstein ex
plained that the report that the building
was being constructed in violation of the
fire ordinance was unofficial, and the re
scinding of the permission had been rec
ommended on that score.
Brandenstein's resolution revoking the
license of the Alta Theater and ordering
the Immediate closing of the playhouse
was referred to the Fire Committee. Ber
nard L.eszynsky, owner of the theater
building, stated that he knew nothing
about the steps taken against his house
except what he had reaa In the newspa
pers. He promised to do all in his power
to make required alterations.
A resolution was adopted directing the
Board of Public Works to Investigate the
estimated cost to the city and Interested
property owners of reducing the widths
of the sidewalks on Clement street from
19 to 15 feet and Division street from 10 to
7 feet. ,^_
The conditional acceptance of Twenty
fifth street, between Guerrero and San
Jose avenue, paved with bituminous rock,
was passed to print.
Several ordinances and resolutions were
laid over for one week owing to insuffi
cient publication.
The board adjourned to meet on Wed
nesday night to take up consideration of
the water question. ~
The resolution rescinding the permis
sion granted to the Central Park Amuse
ment Company to build a gravity rail
way and construct a temporary building
of iron adjoining in Central Park was re
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
Ivan Treadwell and others were granted
an extension of ninety days within which
to complete the grading, macadamizing,
etc., of Grove. Clayton, Masonic avenue
and contiguous streets.
The bill directing each officer of the
city government to file annually in the
clerk's office of the board an inventory
of all personal property under hlB charge
belonging to the city was passed to print.
The Board of Public Works was direct
ed to secure for use of the city such lamps
as have been appropriated for other uses.
The board is also authorized to replace
eleven bronze lamps belonging to the city
and formerly located around the City
Hall, with others of similar pattern, the
expense to bo paid out of a surplus of
$2745 S9 in the street lighting fund.
Supervisor Reed desired to know if tha
ordinance was intended to repeal the
charter, and called attention to the fore
going facts, but the measure prevailed.
Sec. 32. The Supervisors shall select some
place in the city and county which shall be
known as the corporation Btore yard, wherein
shall be kept all supplies, material, imple
ments and machines belonginK to the city and
county, to be used in repairing or cleaning
and sprinkling the streets or for any improve
ment theron. All cobblestones or stone
blocks or other material with which any street
or portion of a street may have been paved
or planked shall, if at any time removed from
said street, be taken to said yard and thero
kept, accounted for and disposed of by the
storekeeper in the same manner as other sup
plies.
Provided said departments file with the
Board of Public Works requisitions for ma
terial required and that they bear all tha
costs of transportation.
In the chapter relating to the Board of
Public Works the charter says:
Authority is hereby conferred on the Board
of Public Works to dispose of all street ma
terial removed from the public streets whlcii
is no longer fit for use thereon to the Board
of Park Commlfsloners or any other depart
ments of the municipality desiring to use tha
same.
This action was taken notwithstanding
that the illegality of the procedure was
pointed out when the ordinance was rec
ommended for passage by the Street
Committee. To demonstrate the conflict
of the ordinance with the charter it is but
necessary to read the language of both
.side by fide. The ordinance says:
The ordinance authorizing the Board of
Public Works to dispose of all street ma
terial removed from the public streets
which Is unfit for further use thereon to
any department of. the city government
desiring to use the material was passed
to print by the Board of Supervisors yes
terday.
City Officials Must File Inventory of
Property Under Their Charge.
Condemnation of Alta The
ater Postponed.
Ordinance Passed in Direct
Conflict With Charter
• Provision.
WILL GIVE OLD
STREET PAVING
AWAY ILLEGALLY
An ordinance was passed to print or
dering th« laying of artificial stone side
walks at the crossing of Buchanan and
Filbert streets; cranite curbs on Centrah
avenue between Page and Haleht streets:
bituminous rock on the roadway at the
crossing of Page street and Central ave
nue; artificial stone walks at the cross
ing of Thirtieth and Dolores street?, «T<*n
lte curbs nn Thirtieth street between Do
lores and Chenerv streets and an artificial
stone walk on the crossing at Eddy and
Steiner ptreots.
An authorization for J5S4 40 for th»
maintenance of inmates at the "Whittler
Reform School was passed.
The California-street Cable Railroad
was granted permission to install a tank
of 7000 gallons capacity for storing crude
petroleum In its powerhouse.
Authorizations were passed for the pay
ment to W. P. Cordes of the sum of $502
and to Joseph Frederics & Co. $S75 on the
contract to furnish carpets for the Hall
of Justice.
The request of the Board of Puhllc
Works to be authorized to enter into a
contract for the sweeping of public streets
beginning January 1. 1901. and terminat
ing June 30, 1901. at an estimated cost of
$90,000 was referred to the Street Com-
The communication of John Nightingale,
calling attention to the advisability of
paving Market street between Van Xess
avenue and Valencia with bituminous
rock, thus making a uniform pavement
from Sansome to Castro streets, was re
ferred to the Street Committee.
The ordinance provides for the paving
with bituminous rock on a basalt . base j
of Sacramento street from Montgomery
to Battery at a cost of $S320; of Clay
street from Montgomery to Battery street
at a cost of $3120; of Grant avenue from
OFarrell to Bush at a cost of $7087, less
J250u to be contributed by property .own
ers; of Pine street from Sansomu to Bat
tery at a cost of $2193.
Reed objected to its passage on the
ground that the board had been pledged
to remove cobblestones throughout the
downtown district.
"There is a duty resting upon us to re
meve cobblestones," said Reed, "and to
pave certain streets with the best pave
ment. I object to paving a street with
bituminous rock on a basalt base, as it
is the worst kind of pavement. Any bro
ken-down politician would do that for
the city, but we should have a pavement
that will stand the heavy traffic. This ad
ministration stands for the best pavement
there is, even if we must pave a less num
ber of streets."
Curtis pleaded that there were no funds
available for the best pavement. The
Board of Public "Works had recommended
the work with the understanding that a
guarantee of maintenance for ten years
should be required. Curtis agreed with
Reed that a concrete foundation was
preferable to any other, but Tobin
thought the wisdom of the Board of Pub
lic Works in recommending the inferior
pavement should be deferred to. City En
gineer Grunsky said the bituminous pave
ment on depressed cobbles had been tried
with success In other cities, but results
were not as good as on a concrete founda
tion. The difference in cost would war
rant the use of the cheaper pavement,
as the expense would be reduced by 25 per
cent. Brandenstein objected to an exper
imental pavement and McCarthy contend
ed that the cheaper pavement would not
stand heavy teaming. On motion of Reed
the resolution was referred back to the
Street Committee and the Board of Pub
lic "Works with directions to determine
what it would cost to pave the streets
named in the best way known to engi
neering science.
The resolution requesting the Superin
tendent of Schools to notify the board
whether or not h«* would audit demands
for repairs provided the Boards of Pub
lic Works and Education acting jointly
caused such work to be done, was adopted.
Mayor Phelan called attention to the ar
ticle published in Sunday's Call in which
Auditor Wells stated that he had been
advised by his attorneys that the signa
ture of the Superintendent was not neces
sary on demands for schoolhouse repairs.
His Honor held that the adoption of the
resolution would be unnecessary. Comte
objected to it. as it 6imply contained a
request, and Braunhart held that "it was
an arrogant assumption on the part of
any official to place the Political Code
ab<5Ye the charter in the government of
his office."
An ordinance presented at the meeting
of the Board of Supervisors yesterday
providing for the pavement of several
downtown streets with bituminous rock
on a basalt or cobblestone foundation
met with considerable opposition. Sev
eral members objected to that kind of
pavement on the ground that a concrete
foundation was manifestly superior to the
other.
Dispute Over Schoolhouse Repairs
Approaching Settlement— Big Con
tract for Street Sweeping to
Us Awarded. Soon.
Supervisors Oppose Bitum
inous Rock on Basalt
Foundation.
BOARD TRIES
TO INTRODUCE
POOR PAVEMENT.
A* many persons are discouraged by the
prepa rations made In vain for several
years r-'st to observe the meteoric show
rrs of November, it is well to recall the
fact that the last appearance of Leonids
in great numbers took place in 1S67. and
as their period Is about thirty-three years
the recurrence- 1* not really overdue as
yet.
TTnllke other astronomical phenomena,
this eosmlc&l display has not verified pre
dictions of late, thoug-h in the past theory
proved correct to an astonishing degree.
Estimates of the length and breadth of
the ewarm being chiefly conjectural, re
cent computations as to the effect of plan
etary attraction are merely the best in
ferences that can be drawn from inade
quate evidence.
While delay cools interest and uncer
tainty prompts omission, to watch faith
fully for two or three years but be re
mits when the event If nigh would be an
ur.pleasant reminiscence of the wondrous
X>hrnomenon.
The widespread vigils* *>f the past f«»w
y*>ars were far from unavailing, as they
formed link? In a chain of valuable nega
tive evidence. The Lronid swarm not hav-
Jne appeared, the protwMIltfea of the com
ir.jr ugfltfl inx-ite vigilance once more, and
only vipilanc«» insures success. Falling
stars wait for no one.
As explained in circulars Issued from
Harvard Observatory during the last
thre«» years, the great swarm is likely to
appear on any day from the 13th to" the
16th cf the month. The morning hours
ere the best f<">r olis=ervatinn, and the west
ern sky. the z?nith. itnd the radiant point
the most favorable directions. On the 13th
inst.. however, ss the half-moon will rise
at midnight about fourteen degrees nouth
weFt of the ra-iiant in the constellation of
Leo. it will be desirable to direct obser
vation elsewhere during the ensuing
hours.
Before many days the Leonids may ful
fill all expectations, but shall we be In
SWARMS OE LEONIDS
IN NOVEMBER SKIES
Long Delayed Meteoric Showers Are Liable to
Occur at Any Time These
Nights.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1900.
MISS ROSE 0'HAL.LORAN, THE
WELL-KNOWN ASTRONO
MER.
Albert Hoff, the convicted murderer of
Mrs. Clute, was brought from San Quentin
prison to this city last evening. He is
now locked up in the Broadway jail pend
ing a second trial, which was recently
granted him. Hoff Is clean ; shaven and
appears thin and sickly. The case will be
retried In Judge Cook's court.
Albert Hoff Returns to City.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Nov. 12.—Pro
fessor, Pickering of Harvard University
has begun the erection of an observatory
at TVoodlawn. near Mandeville, for his
colossal telescope. He hopes to take ob
servations of the planet Etos In Decem
ber and will subsequently undertake ob
servations of the moon. Important re
sults are expected.- - .
Will Observe Eros.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 12.— A fire which orig
inated In the crematory of the Charter Oak
Store and Yard Cleaning Company, on San Pe
dro street, this morning, destroyed the com
pany's barns and burned to death three horses.
The flames then fastened upon the barns of
Franklin & Alexander, street-sweeping con
tractors. Forty horses were In the barn and a
large street-sweeplnjf plant. The horses were
¦with great difficulty removed and practically
all of the company's vehicles rescued. Total
loss 12000. - ' - ¦ ¦ • •
This is the catching phrase which Henry
J McCoy, the general secretary of the
Young Men's Christian Association, has
used to give an Idea of the humorous side
of his recent trip throughout Europe. The
genial secretary will deliver his lecture
at the First United Presbyterian Church
on Golden Gate avenue and Polk street
on next Friday evening. In addition to
an oral description there will be 125 magic
lantern views produced.'
"McCoy's Trip Through, Europe."
LONDON. Nov. 13.— The Times this
morning announces the following ap
pointments: Lord Raglan. Under Secre
tary of State for War; Earl Onslaw. l,'n
der Secretary of State for the Colonies;
Earl of Hardwlck, Under Secretary of
State for India. "It seems, certain." aaja
the Times, editorially, "that the Cabinet
will consist of twenty members, tha
larscest recorded In our political history.
This Is unfortunate, brt It seems to be re
garded by Lord Salisbury as Inevitable.
Appointments Announced.
Detective Cody yesterday found in Oak
land a room that had" been occupied by
Clarence French, the "electrical" safe
cracker, who operated in this city and
Chico. In a trunk were three letters of in
troduction signed by Robert L. Barr. a
San Quentln convict, and commending
French to the good graces of H. M. De
lano, Colorado Springs; Frank B. Hamil
ton, Denver, and M. E. Alexander, Crip
ple Creek. The letters say: "Mr. French's
social position here is unquestioned."
9THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 19OO.
10
LOST AND FOUND. e^KV
SHEPHERD pup. 8 months old. strayed from
2516 Broadway; *Z> reward. A. F. RODGERS.
LOBT-Cocker spaniel setter dog; year old;
lemon and white. 2502 Broadway.
LOST — Tuesday, a cocker spaniel, with whlte> '
Bpot on face and feet tipped with white; Ub-
eral reward. PR. DAVIS. 9C Sutter st.
LOST— Child's pearl and turquois* heart; suit-
able reward. 2901 California St.
FOUND— Dark-brown St. Bernard dog: white
ring around neck; owner can have same by
paying expenses. 277 Thirteenth at. ~
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address tn th«
United States or Canada on« y«ar for Jl.
postage paid.
MEDICAL.. '
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market— Ladles'
specialist^; 33 years' practice; hav» treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at oftlce; ladies treated can rsturn
hums same day; HINDO HERB home cure,
any one can use It with satisfaction; perfect-
ly harmless. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G, W. O'DONNELL, moved to 101J Mar-
ket, opp. 5th; world-renowned ladies* special-
ist; safe, reliable; practiced In San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
. fully; treatment can be used at home; consul-
tation free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST., corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladies' physician;
treatment, $5; positive cure guaranteed: when
others fall- consult, free. MRS. PR, KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007% Market, expert on dl--
easee of women; 15 years' practice in S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cureo. thou-
sanda of cages; unexcelled success; see froe.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs7
practice; guaranteed treatment at office. Ji;
any ailment; home for patients: consult free.
942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
NG TOY KEE, Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ted; send for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento st.. comer Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist; safe and sure cure. $S; best care: law
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER, practical female specialist for
37 years; can be sent. 823 Kearny it.
MRa DR. GWYER. ladles' specialist: horn*
for patients. 510 Eddy st. •
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH «c WOLPMAN. 19»-1»7 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
S2 complete outfits on our floor, ready mad»;
we can ship everything In S4 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017, 1019. J021. 1023 Mlwlon St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A 14-KARAT gold stem-winding watch, S25
worth ?60. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 1C3 Montgomery t>L
NEW BROOMS— The Golden West Broom Fac-
tory at 62$ and 630 Clay st., near Kearcy. has
Just started; storekeepers can be supplied with
all kinds of brooms at the cheapest rates;
orders by mall attended to.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $3 down and 15
per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 40» California
it.; rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
COPY of newspaper over 100 years old. con-
taining funeral notlc* of George Washington.
Address J. SIGMUND. Gen Del.. City.
A SMITH-PREMIER typewriter, second-hand;
send for price. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110
Montgomery st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 21« Bpear st.
' TO PRINTERS— Two revolution frvur-ro!!er Cot-
trell & Babcock press; print sheet 32x48. Box
1S8, Calr»offlce.
S-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine,
. $153; can be seen running at £23 Golden
Gate ave.
BILLIARD table, balls, cues and rack, com-
plete: dirt cheap.' BENJ. CURTAZ A SON.
16 O'Farrell st.
FINE suit, S10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— S3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 7*. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 830 Kfarny St.. near Pine.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. .TARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
L. SPARBER & SON removed 635 Mission St.;
pay hlgh*st price for tools and machinery.
GASOLINE engine; second-hand; all sizes:
cheap; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxomo st.
10- TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 21C California st.
FIRST-CLASS second-band modem engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
I00-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albeit
suits for *2 50. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes ; 2d hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. Ul Post st.
SAFES — New and second hand: ail sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent tn any address In the-
United State* or Carnda one year for >L
MISC^LI^AXEOrS WANTS.
LADIES' and gents'cast-on! clothing bought ft
sold. Sllverman. ?34 Folsom; tel. Folsom 119L
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. ; tel. Jessie 141.
A— CLOTHING, sealskins. Jewelry, etc.. bought;
will call. L. Bros.. 25 Stktn; phone Black 1201.
WANTED — Upright piano for cash. SI LT
WHITKHEAD. 1710 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAS.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; pay&bl*
back In Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first: you will be waited upon Quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 .Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interests In Estates ..«
Undivided Interests In Real Eetate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 830 Market.
i A— MONET to loan at rates which people can
1 afford to ray on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
. publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, S06 Market st
ANY amount at « per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
. ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; nrs»t,
second mortgages, estates In probate Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, lire insurance. Hoom 18. first floor
Chronicle building, HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. UK Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third St.
A-JM0.O0O ON city and country real estate and
estates: chattel mortgages: notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE, 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount' by private party on furniture ami
E.'Av.'SVt"? S?, m ? val: low rate! »: conrtdentlaL
BONELLI. 201 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country: SVuidl-
vlded Ints; estate. HARPER.S37 Parrott bdg.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 2Cfi Parrott bulld-
lng; men can secure loan* on personal note.
M ?, X t F ; Y loaned salarled^reople without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
nesa confidential. Tousley Co.. 3?1 Parrott big.
J100.000 TO loan en real estate or for buildtnc"
low rate. Home Hldg Co.. 222 Sansome st.. r.l"
MONEY to loan on furniture by private nartv
, low rate. 317 Market st.. room 1.
°^* furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential: on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st. 1
CASH loaned to salaried people en note without
indoreer. MORRELL. CC9 Examiner bulldlr.c.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
lo^er. B. F. DUwmt Agency. ia"«l» H blr
~~
8 B a iN-J. ln cUR^5^i?^i£
rell St.: Chickerlng agency and •verythEE
pertaining to music; symphonion music boxes
SALE of high-grade planonat factory'nrie^a
this week. THE DEWING CO.. F°Sd bld^ I
x p" MA N : upright/ S73: Sherwood. »85- Peek
»10O; other bargain*. HKUESTO.'SCS Fostsu j
DEXTISTS. Mr*"$'1 j
AT theELECTRO- DENTAL CLINIC, 809 MaP
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
IS to up: plates, extractions free, U 60 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 3
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for beet crowns, plates, bridges
and fllllngs; extractions or fillings by my won-
deiful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings, 6O0:
crowns. S3 B0: plates, full set. $5 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 2i Sixth gt.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from JS per set; extracting, £0c: gas given.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG, !
1S41 Polk st
PARIS Dental Parlor. 238 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. 14; crowns. >3; fillings. J5c.
LOWEST prices in 6. F. ; painless extraction,
tOe. New York Dentists,- 163 Mission, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. l"01 Market Et.. corner Sixth.
DKPII'AIOItY
O. C. C— A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not Irritate. I
burn nor poison the moot delicate skin; agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag'cy, 426 Ellis.
EDUCATIONAL,. , .
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prao-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course. ?S0; catalogue.
UEALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
6. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
' A— THE LYCEUM, and accredited preparatory
. rcliool for the university, law and medical
college*; references, President Jordan or any
J Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
learn In a limited time, take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room 63. Thurlow block. 126 Kearny st.
AYRES' Bu-lness College. 723 Market St.; day
and evenlTHt; Individual Instruction, $S per
month; life scholarship, 150; bookkeeping..
t hcrthand. telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping a
thort time with expert Tarr, 2^0 Parrott bldg
he would not: be wise^ •
M1FS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official r«-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year pot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUS1-
ness COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, minlng.mech. .sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN' SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SPANISH professor, F. M. Vlscalno, has
moved to Parrot bldg., fourth floor, room I&0.
MUNSON School -Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 1S7 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. lS3fi Eddy kt.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine St.,
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.: $."> mo. 1014 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: eetab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
121 PoFt St., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. E26 O'Farrell Et.; tel. Hyde 219L
RELIABLE Japaneso-Chlnese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 31S Stockton; Main 6188.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Waiters.cooks,
dishwashers; est. 1S90. 102S Oak; tel. Pag* 647.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
turn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 378.
ORPHEUM Employment Oflice— Japanese. Chl-
ne?e help. 4J6 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlc*—
Rest hrlp. 411U O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EJIPLOVMEST WANTED FEMALE.
YOUNG lady desires position, companion to
Invalid: would care for children. Address
L. A.. 12S0 California st.
CAPABLE Swedish woman, with a child of
7. wishes a situation. Address MRS. ISAK-
£EN. 3191 Eighteenth st.
POSITION wanted by good, competent cook
and road-house keeper; not afraid of work.
Box 218. Call office.
COMPETENT woman, willing and obliging;
, will do housework; good cook; will do some
i plain washing; will work across the b&y.
Plc-ase call 79 Jessie st.
RELIABLE American woman wishes situation
1 to do housework and cooking. Call or ad-
dress 415 Minna st.
RELIABLE woman w?.ntK work by the day
as laundress: can furnish references. S3H
i GUbtrt st., off Bryant.
GERMAN' woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework or keep house; good plain
cook; wage* $12 to $15. Call 9 Minna et.
; SWEDISH girl wishes a situation- *M per
I month; no washing. Address E. 8., 1029 Da
Haro st., near Twenty-third. •
WOMAN would like to do liRht housework;
$!0 to $12 per month. Apply 1030 Clay st.
WANTED— Care of Invalid lady by lady with
best of references. Box 212, Call office.
GIRL would like a position to assist In house-
work. 158 Silver st.
. . ;
AN elderly American woman wishes a posl-
! tlon to assist In light housework. 476 Jessie.
A WOMAN wishes to go out by the day to do
' any kind of housework. 62 Second st.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day. v Ad-
dress box 19, Call branch office. IOC Eleventh.
WANTED — A position as governess to young
children or companion to lady. Address "MISS
JAMES, Alameda P. O., Cal.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 23c to $1 E0 night, $1 £0 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
\ YOUNG man of 19 wishes a position to help
: In a business house; small wages to start;
: has English grammar course; speaks Spanish;
: residing with parents. Box 214, Call oflice.
A STRONG Scandinavian boy. 18 years of age,
desires a position In a grain and hay -barn or
as choreman in hotel. Call or address 822
Fremont st.
COOK wants work; a good careful cook; or
v.-ould ko an second cook; wages moderate
T. SMITH, SIS Minna st.
SITUATION by coachman; first-class gardener
and driver; sober, reliable,- trustworthy; 6
years last place; best references. Box 221,
Call office.
MILKERS, separators and first-class cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California, 528 Mont-
Komery st. ¦
CHIEF cook wants position, hotel or restaurant:
nrst-claf* city reference. Address PETER-
BON, ei5 Larkln st.
POSITION by intelligent English youth, age 18;
hardware, machinist, architect or other good
- business; Oakland preferred. Address W., 817
Tw./nieth St.. Oakland.
ENGINEER or machinist, also good at any
repair work, wants position; best of refer-
ences given; 25 years' experience. Box 205,
Call office.
STRONG young man wants situation to drive
team, light or heavy; city. Box 218, Call.
WANTED— By educated man, situation as ac-
countant or city salesman. Box 21S, Call.
GOOD bartender would like a position; best
references; city or country. T28 Fourth st.
WANTED— A situation by young man in gro-
cery store. Address F. C. B., box 209. CalL
FI RST-CLA8S baker, German, wants steady
work. Box 304, Call office.
SCANDINAVIAN wishes situation where a
good, steady, reliable man Is needed; ex-
perienced horseman, gardener and good milk-
er; willing to make himself useful In any
capacity; good references. Address box 1C2,
Call of flee. 7
MAN of ability and good address desires a
position as driver or delivery salesman on
route. Oakland and vicinity, for wholesale
house or manufacturer: ref. given. Address
L. B., box 15 Dlmond, Alameda County. Cal.
ELDERLY man seeks employment of any kind;
willing to do chores or work about house in
city or country: speaks French and German;
good penman. Box 138, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS gardener with all experiences
in every branch of gardening; single; very
handy, In first-clans private places ;. best ref-
• erences. Box 92. Call of no. - •
JAPANESE wants situation' to - wash dishes
.and help with kitchen work; hotel or board -
Ing-house; understands well. 604 Twelfth st..
East Oakland.,
SITUATION wanted by a pattern maker: Is
first-class machinist ¦ and engineer and mlU-
wrlKht, E47 Howard st, ;
BAX FRASCI5CO CALL.
BTTSINESS OFFICE of The Ban .Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the yeir.
BRANCH OFFICES— «7 Montgomery street,
trim 1 Clay; «r»n until tiJIO p. m.
150 Hayes street: open until S:30 p. m.
CJ McAllister street; open until 8:J0 p. m.
fjb Larkin Hreot: open until 8:80 p. m.
JM1 Mission rtreet; open until 10 p. m.
I2C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
v 51J p. rn. «
1C6 Eleventh street: open until I p. rn.
1096 Valencia street: open until t p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tudcy rtreets; open until * p. m.
MEETIXG 2VOTICES.
CALTFXDRN1A Chapter No. B. R- A. M.. •
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) KVES«-_J%_
ING Nov. 13, at 7:S0 o'clock. M. M. Xlf
<Jegre«. By orfler of the H. P. ' ~ A
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. m
M.— Third decree THIS (TUESDAY) j%
EVENING et 7:30 o'clock. Master Ma- JL jt
sons ccrdiaJly Invited. f^r *
A. S. HCBBARD, Secretary.
ANNUAL tueetlntr — The regular annual meeting
Of the stockholders of the Honolulu Planta-
tion Compary will be held et the office of
the company. No. 327 Msrket street, San
Francisco. California, on MONDAY, the lSih
*»y of November. 1900. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for th* purpo** of electing a
brard of directors to perve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction cf such other busi-
Be£» as rnay come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close en Thursday, November
t. DOG. mx t o'clock p. m.
E. H. gHELPON. Secretary.
ATJNUAL meeting— The regular annual meeting
cf the stockholders of the Honolulu Eugar
Coirpauy will be held at the office of the com-
pariv. No. C7 Market street. San Francisco.
California., on MONDAY, the 19th day of No^
vember. 1*00. at the hour cf 11 o'clock a. in.,
for the purpose of fleeting a board cf direc-
tor* to serve for the ensuing year, and the
transaction of such other t>u*lne*s as reay
come before the meeting. Transfer books
will close on Thursday. November 6. 1900, at
t o'clock p. m. . • . . ¦
E. H. FHKLDON. Secretary.
AGEVTS WAJCTED.
AOENTP wanted to cell stock In Rival Oil Co.
64« Msrket st.
SECURE agency Xmas novelty; sample 29e.-.
n»fci Import Aeenrs' Supply Co.. 1113 Market.
ASFHAI.TIM HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, acphalt roofing, sidewalks; cellar
floors laid, repaired : postal. I1SS Mission st.
AJTROLOGV.
t)R. C TOUEEy"taYLOR. BcienUfle Astrolo-
rer— Free copy "The New Moon." 7S8 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
K. W. KING, attorney at law. 927 Market et..
room C27 — £>tstes, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, colJections; all cases; fair feed;
no advance charges; money loaned on eetatee.
ADVICE fr«e; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. Q. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
I. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst bldg.. Ii.ird and
Market sts. ; phone Red 2262.
KREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 814 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. Davidson, tn Market St., cpp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. S27 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BATH CABIXETS.
ROBINSON. Niagara, Perfection and others.
W. S. BROWN CO.. agenry. 4iS KlliB «t.. S.F.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— A horr.e with man and wife for two
boys (orphans), aged 11 and 34 years: conve-
rient to public school. Address, with terms
and particulars, box 229, Call office.
GOOn home for little girl, from 5 years up. 1712
Howard Et.. near Thirteenth.
UK'VCLKS— For Sule or Kxciiuns*-.
CK>D second-hand bicycles; Al corfdition: Co-
lumbia?. Whites. Hartfords. Allen. 1970 Page.
BISI.VESS CUAXCBS.
A— $300— Oyster and chop house, opposite R. R.
depot, across the bay; daily receipts $23; rer.t
ta. Particulars R. G. WILKE. i:6V> Kearny.
A— SI300; CLEANING aad dying works; estab-
lished for many years: a clear monthly profit
of ?».'•¦ guaranteed; knowledge of business not !
(.-?sstry. a rare chance, but must be taken ¦
at once. Call R. O. WILKE, £«¦* Kearny Bt.
±Z I
A— t'J7ZiO; CORNER liquor store and saloon, one j
block from Call bldg.; place clearing S.TOO p«T
month; Jesse; first-class bu»:ness opening.
Oa'.l R. G. WILKE. 2SH Kearny St.
A— fTj": COFFEE saloon, oyster and chop house;
close to Alcazar Theater; rent J75; a first-class
laying business; sickness compels owner to
•Bcriflpe. See R. O. WILKE. 26^i Kearny el.
A— ioW); SALOON on Market St.; rent $75, in-
cluding II furnished rooms; dally re<*fipts
• bout $"?: mercantile lunch; lease; first-class
paying proposition. Particulars R, G. WlLKK.
:^»- Kearny *t.
A— $3iO; CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
plic* estab. years; good paying; no night or
Sunday work. R. Q. WILKE. 26H Kearny tt.
A— *fiO»: BOOK store on Sutter St. doing a good I
burlness; owner must -leave In 1 week for
East: stock invoices near double. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
$;iO— ON account of elckness; restaurant In ;
Berkeley, clearlnc SICK); splendid opportunity i
for husband and wife: CLOSE, 209 Kearny.
IF you desire to sell your business quickly call
on CLOSE A CO., TOP Kearr.y et., room 1;
business etrlctly confidential.
J20O— € ALOON ; stock, fixtures and furniture
S rooms: near rity front. J. W. DONNELLY
A CO.. 622 Market tst.
PARTNER wajited. man or woman; business
established for years. LANE & CO.. 665 Mkt.
A— REST AU71 ANT near water front: clear
money maker. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
I HAVE a first-claac paying restaurant few
Soar* from comer Market and Powell nts. ;
111 health compel* me to sell the business:
rrlco (3000, or wUl take a good partner for
11659. Address box STCt, Call office.
CHEAP— A good-paying saloon and I well-fur-
nished rooms: must sell on acoount of sick-
ness. Apply <2S S&crmmento et.. near Kearny.
GOOD paying fruit store, with horse and
wagon and 5 nice living rooms: cheap rent;
for sale; reasonable. Box 217. Call office.
•750 — PARTNER In butter business; clear 1200
to tT7i monthly each. Box 208, Call office.
FOR sale— A U-room lodging-house; price rca-
•onable. E« Howard st.. near Second.
WOOD anil coal yard for sale. Inquire C2J
H sight mu
BLACKSMITH shop to let. Apply J. A.
BAINBRinGE, 1S81 Harmon st., Lorin sta-
tion. Brrkeley.
A BARGAIN If wold at once — Owing to s'.ck-
bw§ I will toll a good paying restaurant;
dally receipts from J60 to JSO. Address box X«
Call office.
FOR SALE— Cigars, bakery, variety and laun-
dry. 607 Third et.
A — BARGAINS in rooming houses, branch bak-
eries, restaurants, business chances, real es-
tate. 1C22 Market St., room 4.
TOR sale— Tte (rroc«ry and bar of the late J.
E. A. HELMS; price. IZU'j. Apply . corner
Eighteenth and Howard sts.
WANTED— 8ingle man with JSOO as partner in
ssloon located 1 block from Hall of. Justice.
Apply at 421-425 Jackson st.
GROCERY and bar In good location; stock In
s!«rht for full purchase prlc«. W. L. HAR-
PER. 857 Parrott building.
J12.000-NEW building and stable; lot JCCxiro;
grocery and bar. stock and fixtures; on end
of. car line;- clearing $300 a mo. Box 120, CalL
A— JSOO; DELICACY & home, bakery: clears J150
mo.; e&rrlnced; trial. given. 1022 Market, r. 4.
A— HNAP
Chop house. tZ9 Eighth st.
WANTED — To lea.se, hotel or lodging-house,
furnished; object, to purchase. Box 158, CalL
NOTION and candy store; branch bakery and
laundry office; established 9 years; 2 living
rooms; rent $14: a fine banraln; must sell on
account of sickness. W-. Filbert st.
JCOO— CORNER saloon on business street, 2
blocks from Call building; reasons departure
for the East. For particulars apply to S.
BLTJMEXTHAL & CO.. 6S8 and 668 Mission.
FOR EALE — An Iron foundry row In operation
In Ean Francisco; fully equipped for all
classes cf castings up to ¦ 10 tons. Address
bo» 172. Call office.
A GOOD chance for party with small capital to
Invest In gents' furnishing goods and notions,
with store fixtures; for saJe cheap. Inquire
variety store. 2012 Shattuck ave.. Beikeley.
FOR sale— Old crtablleaed carpenter chop.
Inquire 31« Cough gt.
A BARBER shep, S chairs, aeroes the bay. for
sale. Address box U. Call office.
FISH aafi flelleacy etore for sale. Address 346
Virginia gt.. Vallejo.
Si&V-RESTACRANT In good running order;
iKUcUOM jus Ci> ; trial slran. . SI Sixth »u .
BUSINESS CIIA'NCES— CONTINUED.
FOR sale — A candy factory and cafe, whole-
sale and retail, in one of the best gold min-
ing towns of California and doing a splendid
business summer and winter; of 7 years'
standing; owner has to go to Alaska on busi-
ness and mining interests; will sell for what
fixtures, machinery and stock will amount to
(probably 12000); if parties desiring to buy
don't know how to manufacture candles
cwner is willing to stay with them for J, or.
If necezsary. 3 months aad teach them; no
arents. Apply to the L. DEMAUTIN'l .SUV-
FLY CO.. tit Front St., Ban Francisco, Cal.
OTSTER and chop house In mountain town;
doing good business; satisfactory reasons for
selling. Ad. L. BALDWIN. Mokelumne Hill.
INSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
CALL business office. :;:? - :
CLAfiEIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 8200 Flllmore Bt.
A BRANCH ofllce Tor Call advertisements and
rubscrlptions has been established at 19*
Valencia gt. '
LODGING-HOUSES FOR . SALE.
STENBERG & CO 759 Market st.
Phcne Black 4071
MONEY TO LOAN ON ALL HOUSES.
21 rooms; Powell: best transient $1100
15 rooms; Ellis; new and elegant bargain. 1600
10 rooms; near Eddy; best In city 65'J
16 rooms; fine corner; all full 650
10 rooms; Ellis St.; good location; cheap.. 300
12 rooms: sunny; all housekeeping 175
6 rooms; new; a. bargain 176
Many others. Call for list. STENBERO & CO.
$700— BAY-WINDOW house, 16 rooms; rent $2.,
including water; good furn.; clears $60; cheap-
e« t house In city. STENBERG CO.. 759 Mkt.
A. L. WILLEY, room 18, Jl» Market St.
16 rooms. $750: rent with water. $25. Howard,
near new Postofnce: all rented.
IS rooms, $1100; rent with water, $65. ¦ Geary
st.; cak furniture; hot water in every room.
2t rooms, $1700; rent $100; one floor. Market
¦t.. opposite I. O. O. F. building.
Other houses, lots, farms, mines and any-
thing you want for eale or exchange.. 916 Mar-
ket st.; open from S to S; phone Black 5?1S.
LODGING-HOUSES wanted for cash customers.
Willey, Sit Market, rm. 18; phone Black 6215.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. room 1. Free list.
New bargains every day— good-paying houses.
Over WO; all sizes and prices; terms easy.
11 room*; pays well; rent $40 $500
ir rooms: rent $55: full: respectable .800
15 rooms; good house and central S»50
1* rooms; full; clears $S0 month 600
CS rooms; clean; central; apartments 3:00
S5 rooms; snap: central; paying SGOO |
27 rooms; licht; good furniture; fine 1003 •
43 rooms; apartments; clears t!07 month. 1600
BUYERS of lodging-houses will find large list;
fine bargains in lodging-houses. Samples:
102 rooms; rent S54; price $1500.
12 roornp; rent $84: price $400.
44 rooms; rent $250; fine corner; clears $800 a
month; price $4000.
We l«an money to buyers at 1'4 per cent.
6CHWEINHARD & CO.. 917 Market st., be-
tween Fifth and Blxth. Phone Mint 1911.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
V rooms, 19 furnished; rent $50 H75
60 rooms; cheap rent JW0
£r, rooms; at a bargain * f| 0 *
Zi rooms; co?t to furnish $3700 1500 !
E00 OTHER BARGAINS. j
A— :i-ROOM house; central Jl"*) :
20-room house; first class 1056 ¦
11 -room house, $475: 6-room flat 32o ,
20- room house: Eddy; rent $75: only 900 |
FISHElt & CO.. 1032 Market st.
A SNAP— J7SO0; well-patroniied SO-room note'.;
Alameda; main street; cell on very easy
termp or exchange for fiats or residence. |
f rECK & CO.. 667 Market St. j
14-ROOM sunny corner new house; new furnl- I
ture; all full; sacrificed. 1032 Market st.. r. 4. |
ROOMINCi house of 17 rooms on account of j
sirknes*; cheap. 32OA Eddy st. I
WILL pay cash for lodging-house of 25 to 40
iwnif; must be chosp. Box 9. Call office.
CARRIAGKS AXD WAGOAS. i
CALIFORNIA built buggy and harness In good j
order tor sale cheap. 436 -Tenth »t. ;
ALL kinds of •wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, g!17 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also lisht
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW £ Id-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th A Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM. \
MRS. DR. FARNHAM. world-renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law- j
euite. divorces, deaths; unites the separator!; J
mining a epecialty: clrs. Eyn., Wed., Frl. ev's; j
come and be convinced. Permanently located
S13 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign. 1
MRS. MAXWELL, spiritual meeting to-nght,
8 o'clock; convincing test. 1238 Howard; read-
ings dally.
MRS. Harland's circle to-night; articles r^ad;
]0c; prophetic psychic sittings, $1. 14S Eixth.
MRS. Stoddard's wonderful test circles: 10c:
Tues.. Thurs. & Sun.. 8 p. m. 278 9th; sittings. |
MME. YOUNG'S convincing beneficial spirit !
messages to-night. 305 Larkln st. ; 10c j
"CO.VEIXT WATSON," 15S1 Mkt.. nr. 12th; j
medium, clairvoyant, psychic & palmist; 50c &$1. ;
MRS. LESTER, 1C35 Market St., room i; circles
Pun., Tues.. Frl., 8 p. m. ; 10c; road, daily.
MRS. CORNELIA, formerly Mrs. Anthony, re-
turned to business; spiritualist. 4fi seventh. ]
EDWARD EARLE. psychic, 12S Powell st., j
hours 9 to 5; Sunday at K. o£ P. Hall. j
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test. bun. j
medium, life reader; sltt. $L 1164 O'Fartell. |
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium.
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth Ft., room 1,
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 235 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, fitting^: convincing tests to-night: 10c.
¦ ¦ == I
CLAIRVOYANTS. ,
MRS."d£~F. CLARK. th« welT-lcnown 'trance j
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar- i
ket St.. corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 j
and 2(; take elevator. Perfect ratisfactlon .
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for pamph-
let with special terms.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil A second sight; !
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c, j
gents Jl; palm and clalr. fit $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads Ufe fluently: advice
given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 2oc up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
REMOVED— The great Inspirational card read-
er; price 25c and 00c: hourB 10 a. m. till 9 p. m.
MADAME VAN EEP.GEN. 22S Fulton st.
MRS. E. SANDERS. 614 Taylor et.. near Geary
— Clairvoyant, palmlEt and business medium;
ladies' circle Thurs., 2 p.m.; Fri., 8; cir. 25c.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
€th; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to B p. m.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; paet,
present, future, 25c. US Sixth St.. room 14.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist. palm-
l«t and card reading. 25c. 1241>, Market st.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter resder. moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, mt*
dlum; 25c up. 823 Mission st-.nr.4th; ring bell.
MME. ZEP.EDA, the gypny. In the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c 7 Seventh st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 42S Golden Gate ave.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings daily. 44SH Jessie st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. S Fourth St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pagfrfl. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure
palnlews: consult'n free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter'.
COLLECTION OFFICES. •
GEORGE "W. KELLY'S Agency— No"charge un-
less »nccesgful. Room 310, 9ZJ Market st.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEAMXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to EPAULDING'S Plon»er Carpet-Beat-
ing Work*. 353-357 Tehama »t-; lei. South 40.
STANDARD. 813 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair: carpents cleaned,
»g yd.: laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 2c per yard, laid at 6c
STRATTON'S. Z Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mm-.. 33-40 gth St.: tel South 250.
ADVA NCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'8 Carpet-Beatinr Works. 3SJ GoU*n
Gate ave.: telephone Katt 126. -
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE 4 sunny rooirts; rent reasonable.
2418 Clay st.. near Flllmcre. ¦
DRESSMAKERS A>D SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL DressmakingandMlllInery School;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market bC
FAIRFHSLD'S Millinery Academy; call and ex-
amlae work;- send for circular. 1236 Market.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post. overO' Connor A-MoffatU
6. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' .Tailoring and Mi 1-
llr.erv School; French system. 411 YaA 2i**m. .
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
CALL and see our stock of new Decker .* Son
pianos. In all the latest styles of walnut and
mahogany cases. They are beauties and have
the loveliest tone and mest perfect touca o£
any make. Cash or payments at MAUVAIS'.
»£3 Market «t.
NOW is the tints to secure a fln« Packard or-
gan for the Christinas services In your church
or Sunday school. Low prices and easy terms
at MAUVAIS'. 789 Market st.
NO matter how cheap you want to buy or how
small payments you want to make, you may
lese money by not calling on us before clos-
ing a bargain. We sell all kinds of musical
?-°?fe p ' for e*** 1 or on payments. MAU-
\AIS Mmlo Co.. 769. Market it.
ALL purcoasera of pianos at Byron Mauay's
fi? T# T ,S Prtvllegs of exchanging for one ot
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one of our
Bjtoq Mani» Pianos, any tims within four
*'***. tall purchase prlc« being allowed. Our
r "^.*n P »* n }?" ***" the b *» t °Oer«d to th»
.publlo for the past three years. A large rtie.
beautifully finlghed. full-toned planoT with
stool and cover, warranted for flva years, for
k ' * J *."*?, * 8 per mo nta. This la not a
cheap piano, full value being given for «very
dollar .pent. BYRON MAUft. Sole Axent
Bohmer * Co. Byroo Mauzy. Gabler. Spell-
xann and Hamilton PUfios. 303. 310, 812 Post.
A J£.£ ur i h *^*«, of P'anos at SHERMAN.
C J^L * , CO - B c hav * th " Privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any Uma within
three years and full purchase price allowed:
th* be? t makers of every trade to select from;
•beautiful new nprighw $8 cash. $S per month;
»ome good pianos for $3. $4 and $3 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
DEAI.KK3, corner Kearny and Sutter »t-«« .
Ban Francisco; corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
BARGAINS— Prices this week as an ad*
Bluthner grand, cost $1COO. for $*r5
Bchuman upright, cost $300. for " 99
¦ Sherman & Clay. co«t $275. for.... 69
Stetnway upright, cost $473. for " Ii3
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Owy gt.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest nous*
west of Chicago la KOHLER A CHASE'S. 28.
1% and 20 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
cuatomT.
GENTLEMAN going East muet sacrifice ele-
gant upright grand piano; 3 pedals. 332 Turk.
BEST rent stock in city; new pianos; $3 per
month. ECOTT CURTAZ. UP Hayes St.
SUPERIOR violins, xtthers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, a Latham place,
FINE 3- pedal upright piano: sacrificed on ac-
count of sickness. SO7 McAllister st.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage; dirt cheap;
installments. Wilson's Storage, 1719 Market.
AT KEEFFE'S. »S3 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rlvhts at your own price, ahonlnger agency.
A BARGAIN; must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHA1ITZ, IS McAllister St., next HIS. Bank.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
nver » oth»n. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. »27 Market St.—
Light tunny offices. $15 to $20 per month, with
light, heat. Janitor and use of shone.
LARGE sunny store; 2 living rooms. SW. cor.
Natoma and Rubs sts.: runt che»p.
OIL LANDS FOR SALS.
PROVEN oil lands In the Kern River field for
tale; no stock proposition; no wildcat scheme;
this Is sure territory In the largest and best
known field In California. If you want to form
a company buy good land on the line of the
railroad. NEWTON. CARMAN & SO1TES. 3.
C. MASON, agent. 11 Montgomery st.
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS" Oil. EXCHANGE.
Courtry correspondence solicited.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. sciect!3c palmist. »IS
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 531.
MME. NEERGAARD. 700 Pest; te'_ Hyde .»M;
PATEMS AND PEySKKMl
ADVICE free: no chargs unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBKLL. Lawyer. Examiner h!e.
PERSO.VALS.
IF ALBERT ELSEY. carver, who was residing
in and near Vancouver. British Columbia, dur-
ing the years 1S91 to 1835. and afterward In
California, and wa9 last heard of in Sonora.
Calaveraa Ccunty. In California, about Jun».
1836. will apply to the undersigned he will
hear of something to his advantage. WELLd
& HIND. Solicitors. Nottingham. England.
MY wife left ray bed ar.d board; will not b«
responsible for any debts since November 7.
, JOHN G. FELL>
A BLONDE girl baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
FRED MANN, magnetic healer of nervous and
o'her diseases, specialist In head trouble and
rheumattsxn: pamphlet sent free. 84S McAllis-
ter. Note — Having lately arrived I will cure
free of charge a limited number of acute
cases of rheumatism, neuralgia, sciatica and
ary head trouble. Apply early. TOED MANN.
MRS. Dr. James positively cures rhaumatism
without drugs or medicine. 20 Eddy, rm. JO.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and
moles; trial free. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter.
I.EDERKP., the hair dresser; all the very new-
est opera hair styles, only Jhc; switches. Jl
'up; hair ornaments a specialty. 123 Stockton.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Te!. South 792:
made to order; renovated; honest work guar-
anteed: feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty: fin> up-
holstery. HOPKE BROS.. 313 and 323 11th st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
2£e to $1 50 per night: $1 SO 'to *¦» per week:
free 'bus and baggajge to and from the ferry.
FRED MANN, magnetic healer of nervous «x<J
other di?eases. specialist in head trouble and
rheumatism; pamphlet gent free. 843 •McAlIlstr.
A VEKT successful public speaker would tn-
struct one or two young clergymen or law-
yera In his art. Box 142. Call office.
AN experienced detective solicits work; mining
cases a specialty: best of references given.
Addreen I>etectlve. S. F. P. O. . .
CONSTIPATION cured by using the Dilator or
Blood Circulator: self-treatment; no drugs or
medicine; prloa $3. 382 Geary; consult free.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward- $1
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market »t . "be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
LEDERER'S Quintonlca hair tonic; beautifies;
saves from falling out: try tt: 3Se bottle.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 3S7 J9ssl» it.
ASK for unequaled D. F. Black Suede Gloves:
$1 25 a pair; guaranteed, la Grant ave.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo la the best aca.1?
cleanser In the world, oc package.
SCIENTIFIC mamag* treatment by trained
male nurse from the East. 334 O'Farrell st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the beat
corn cure; 25c. all druggist 3.
PUT your co«I of LANGE & OOFTr. successors
jo W. H. Wjyeman. 1711 Sacto. : tel. Sutter tr.%.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
Ing Co.. 1844 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, sliver, diamonds and precious stan«s
bought J. R. JENKEL. SIT Market st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
iinlr to Its natural rolor: $1: at nil drugrg ; «rt«.
PHYSICIANS AXD^SCRCEOSa.
DR. J. HERBERT~RET:VI3. K l i Kearny st.—
New hygienic sanitarium: supposed incurable
chronic diseases *»re cured by electro hygtene.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office an<l residence.
\ttP* Market »t.. hetwpon W*t* snrt S»ven?»>.
PROPERTY WANTED.
RANCH wanted on shares: fruit or grain: un-
derstands farming thoroughly; reference
Box 156. Call offli"».
real estate city— for sale.
aTmTspeck^~co. .
4.. ..GOOD* INVESTMENTS. ...4
4....4....4....4....4....4
$3C00— Four flat* downtown; all rented for $44:
great bargain.
$7C0O— Tremendous bargain: flats; large lot
downtown; rents $50.
$7300—4 brand new flats, very latest: east of
Van Ness: leased for $72 a month.
4 GOOD 4
$12,750— Grand Investment east of Van Nesa;
rents $120; new improvements.
$10.0*0— Income 5110 clear monthly oT«r taxes-
Insurance, etc.; finest Investment ever offered;
beat 1« »r '-.X..GOOD....4....
$H 00O— Offer wanted: business property 4
stores ar.d 8 flats: all rented fcr $203; few blocks
from Sixth and Market sts.
....4 — ooor>...U....
t5S,C0O— Choicest investment ever offered In mr
office in thi:» amount; 100-foot fmnt; ele-ant
brick and frame improvements; all rented at
low rent for J50CO.
$S0.080— Grand Investment: cor. east of Jones-
positive Income *5Ci> per month over taxes In*
surance, etc; guarantee for 5 vears. * *
....4.. ..GOOD.. ..4...
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. m Market at.
$3«00 EACH— 2 elegant new dwslllnff house* conl
talnlns 9 room* and bath, on the e^T ™.?i
of Masonic ave.. 1 block bouUj oX »?J4erte£
] EMrLOYMEMT WANTED HIAXE.
YOUNG Englishman wants situation on gents'
pjace; best of references if required. Box
FIRST-CLASS house, floor and window cleaner
wants work by the day or week; lowest rates.
71S Howard »t.
WANTED— Plac* as flnsman, light work; 11
years' experience as fireman and engineer.
Address M. R,. 1098 Valencia st.
MAN handy with carpenters' tools wanta em-
ployment; good references. ¦ Box 193. Call.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook and laundry man
wants situation; city or country. Addreas
Chinese Cook. 623 Davis st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlcs for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 109«
Valencia st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
justed. N. Manasfee. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
100 HOUSES and flats for rent: 10 days freo.
1615 Devlsadero;f. 6 rJ2C 911H Minna; Mrli 50
140S Pacific; f. 5 r... 20 TZ Tilden: f. 6 r 15
J70 Fell; h. 7 r 23 605 Stev'son; h. 5 r 17 BO
831 Eddy; f. 4 r 20 1020 Oak; c. 6 r $15
Flats wanted. BPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
A — S-ROOM flat: corner: sunny; 2 bay windows;
: all modem lmprovem'ts; 1st floor. 417V4 Third.
FINE modern Hat, 7 roorjs and bath. 625 Golden
Gate ave., bet. Van Nesa ave. and Franklin.
IF you want to move get printed list Hats to let
from BALDWIN & HO WELL, 10 Montgomery.
LOWER flat, 4 rooms, with bath; rent $13. 4i'.i
Hermann st., near Valencia,
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 rooms, yard and cel-
lar; rent «10; no children.
SACRAMENTO, 1865—3 sunny rooms; bay-win-
dow flat, with gas, $12 50; water free^
BANBOME— , 712— Sunny flat,' JIG. 8C4 Sansomc —
Nice store. $10.
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor St.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. »4l Bryant.
810— SUNNY flat. 4 rooms. 31 Alvarado St., nr.
Twenty-se;x>nd and Guerrero. ' J
"furniture for sale.
4 ROOMS burnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
1 ranue. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Mar-
kot st.: telephone South 637.
FURNITURE WASTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 'Market et.; tel. Jessie 76L
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel Polk 6U1,
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
V.". E.CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture. . carpets. 757 Mlrslon; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED — FEjIALE.
a R. HANSEN A CO Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, Institution, $23 and found, call
early; 8 waitresses, different country hotels,
$20; 2 waitresses, city, S20; 2 chambermaids, to
wait dinner, 120; chambermaid, $16; working
housekeeper, country hotel, $20, see party
here, and many others; pantry woman, J2U,
sleejp home.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
All house girls, second girls and nurse girls
seeking positions, city or country, call and
6elect a place from, and if not suited, regis-
ter wlta
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
6WEDISH or German house girl; country: 2 in
family; fare paid; $80; B<?e party here. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary sU !
GIRL for general housework, small wash;
wages $20; near Chutes. 726 Cole st.
WANTED— An apprentice girl; paid while
learning. H. DAVIS, 119 Rusbj^ ;
AN ELDERLY woman wanted. Apply 612 i
Treat ave., near Nineteenth Bt.
GIRL wanted for light housework. Call at
1275 McAllister st.
COMPETENT girl for cooking and aome house-
work; small family; good wages. 2627 Cali-
fornia st. .
WANTED— Woman, good sewing machine oper-
ator; also women to finish pants; good wages.
504 Keaarny St., room 10.
'¦ COMPETENT girl, cooking and housework;
references; $20. Apply 720 Bay St., near Hyde.
YOUNO girl, general housework; 4 adults. 16
Fair Oak «t.
YOUNG • Protestant woman aBSlst housework
and child 2H years; wages $8. 1712 Waller.
WANTED — Lady agents to sell photo coupons
in Mission; good money to rustlers. 22S9 Mlssn.
WANTED— Experienced apprentices and fin-
ishers on coats; steady work. 117 Russ st.
WANTED — Pay apprentice and ijnptwer for
dressmaker. 1027B Post st.
GIRL. to tak« care of baby; sleep home. 27S4
Twenty-second st.
TAILORESS wanted as pants finisher. 6^4
Kearny Bt., room 18, top floor.
APPRENTICES and errand girl In millinery
store at 692 McAllister st.
WANTED— An apprentice on custom coats;
paid while learning. 1017A Folsom st.
WANTED— Experienced apprentices and fin-
ishers on coats; steady work. 117 Russ st.
APPRENTICE wanted on custom coats. Room
to. St. Anne building, 6 Eddy st.
A YOUNG girl to assist housework; good home;
good waxes. 322 Twenty-ninth st.
WANTED— An experienced girl to help on ma-
chine; also apprentice glrL 126 Russ St.
YOUNG girl; general housework and plain
cooking. SSS Eureka st., cor. Twenty-first
PANTS finishers; steady work. S3S Howard at.,
between Fourth and Fifth, over ball court.
NURSEGIRL wanted; wages $10. Call between
10 and 12. 3342 Clny st.
WOMAN to help around. 1915H Golden Gate
ave.. between Baker and Lyon sts.
GIRL for general housework; small family.
1122*4 Treat ave.
FIRST-CLASS seamstrees. cutter and fitter.
112;Vfe Trc-at ave.
GOOD hands on vests; also apprentice of ex-
perience. 641H Stevenson st.
"WANTED— Finishers on custom coats and but-
tonholes. 127 Rubs at.
GIRL to do IlRht housework and take care of 1
children. 829 Guerrero st.
WANTED— First-class waist finishers; also an
apprentice. 6 Eddy st. rooms 96-97.
GKRMAN girl wanted to do light housework
and mind 2 children, ages 2 and 4; no cooking;
wages $20. 617 Montgomery gt.
FIRST-CLASS operators wanted on coats;
steady work and good pay; work inside. Ap-
ply at S. N. WOOD & CO.'S. 27 Geary st..
second floor. '
FINISHERS on custom coats; steady work;
good pay. 304 Tehama st. . ¦
GIRL to assist In housework for family of
two. 1749 Ellis st.
WANTED-Elderly German Catholic woman
for housework; $15 month. 782 Fulton st.
YOUNG girl to assist in general housework. 73«
Union at. '
FIRST-CLASS finishers wanted on pants;
steady work. 935 Market St.. room 10.
WANTED-Flrst-class waist trimmer. Apply
at 1100 Geary «t.. after 7 p. m.
WANTKD- Girl for general housework. Apply
at 2907 Folsom st.
GIRL to learn laundry work. St Nicholas
Laundry, Seventeenth and Folsom sts.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' waists;
electric power; steady work: can make $10
per week. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
SEWING girls, attention!— Experienced opera-
tors on dress and negligee shirts: steady
work; good pay. Lowenberg Co.. 27 Jessie st.
Y ? U £P women's boardins home; 127 Turk; est.
by Christian ladles; board & lodg.. $3 wk. up.
Women and girls to work on fruit
1731 Folsom st.. bet. 13th and 14th. - - ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1056
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED-MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY... .....Phono Main 5S48
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
. ....WANT.. 7 A. M... TO-DAY....
5 single-hand miners, gold mine, north, fit
Wagon maker ....Farmers and wives
Buggy washer. $50; stablemen.....
•• $25 and $30 and found
13 farmhands and teamsters...;....
.-' ;•'•;•:?•» •••• ..$26 and $30 and found
5 laborers, city. $26 and found; coachman
W woodchoppers • $1 to $3 cord
40 tiemakers. We and 12c. tools, provisions
and cabins furnished.....:... reduced" fare
~ • ¦ " MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay, st.
A-HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS....
. Head waiter for a club..:. ..$40 and found
Bakers, ' bread foreman, cake foreman " and
-second and third . hands. $12 to $20 week; 15
cooks, city and country.... $30 to $50 and found
Butchers; waiters, city and country; porter,
country. hotel; man for delicatessen store, and
, others; lunch cook, . saloon. $40 and found;
German waiter. $30 and found.
MURRAY A READY. M4-S38 Clay St.
. i. ¦:: ... '--•<¦-.-¦ . :•:',¦ ¦ JJ-.J .1
HELP WASTED-MALE.
a notice ....v™."]"~rr.T7r..Y™^ ..¦."...
All coal miners In this Etate or out of the
Etate who want to go to Gallup. New Mex-
ico, best of wages, free fare, can see super-
intendent Thursday. Nov. 22, in our office;
correspondence solicited. For particulars ap-
Ply C. R. HANSEN & CO., 1<M Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. 1 8 104 GEARY 8T.
: -RAILROAD WORK ..T.....
60 teamsters, R. R. work. Nevada %2 \
10° tunnelmen. Los Angeles Co S3
. 6 stonemasons, R. R. work, Nevada $3 50
\S stonecutters, R. R.- work, - Nevada.... $3 60
FREE FARE ..SHIP DAIL.Y..FRBH FARE
10 farmers for" orchard" "work. J20 and board;
steady work
Woodchoppers to contract for 300 cords plna
wood
"" "hotel" 'department.' *"*
Restaurant steward, $60; hotel cook, city,
$50; second cook to do pastry work, $43; hotel
pantryman, J25; 10 dishwashers, kitchen
hands, $20, $25, 130; head waiter, country ho-
tel. $25. C. R. HANSEN &. CO.. 104 Geary.
AN office boy for this office. Apply early. O.
It. HANSEN &. CO.. 104 Geary St. "
A— WANTED
Working farm foreman. $30 to $35 and found;
farmer and wife for orchard. $40: buggy
washer, city, $50; farmers, plow hands, labor-
ers, woodchoppers, cooks, waiters and dlsh-
washers. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
A— CARPENTERS, 10 cabinet-makers, 20 bench
hands, 2 sticker hands, cut-off sawyer, sash
and door man. Mechanics' Registration Bu-
reau, 410 Kearny st., room 9; non-union me-
chanics, please register; new Jobs daily; no
office fees.
....ITALIAN LABOR SUPPLY COMPANY....
24 MONTGOMERY AVE i
Furnish mechanics, miners
Railroad men, ranch hands.
and wood choppers at short notico. ;
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
n.ont. H. Bernard. Sec.. 10-1 7th; tel. Jessie 162.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union No. 148 meets
TO-NIGHT at 115 Turk St., 9 o'clock sharp;
business of great Importance; all members
must be present without fall. By order of
the executive board. I. LESS. Seo.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers 1 Union business offloa
removed to 115 Turk st. , I. LESS, Sec.
YOUNG men to learn cutting of neckwear;
eteedy position; one able to use Bhirt knlfo
preferred: salary from start. Pacific Nock-
wear Mtg. Co., IS Sutter St.
WANTED— A packer in wholesale house; must
have had experience; state age, salary ex-
pected and where last employed. Address
box 219. Call office.
BOY of 16 years; opportunity for a good,
eteady boy; paid while learning. Careon
Glove Co., 35 Market St.
WANTED— Gold gilders; none but first-class
workmen need apply. S. & G. GUMP CO.,
113 Cenry st.
WANTED— Lunch cook. Corner Paclflo and
Battery sts.
ERRAND boy wanted. Mutual Label and
Lltho. Co.. 28 Maln'st.
WANTED— Walter, dishwasher; also good boy.
212 O'Farrell st.
BOY wanted. JOE ROSENBERO, 11 O'Farrell
street. :
HOUSE painters wanted at J701 Butter st.
STRONG boy wanted, 15 to 16 years old. 1194
Mission st.
COATMAKER and pantsmaker for country.
Apply RE1SS BROS.. 24 Sutter St.
MIDDLE-AGED man, useful on ranch t good
home; Btata wages. IS East st.
WANTED— Night cook at 207 Third st.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing. 1J9 Third
etrtet.
PLUMBER, wanted at new building on Stelner
St., between Broadway and Vallejo.
WANTED— A dishwasher at 528 Fourth St.-
WANTED— Good cook. Apply early Union Ho-
tel. opposite Union Iroy Works.
WANTED— Good busbelman at RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED— A first-class bootblack at 324 Mont-
gomery st.; young man preferred.
GOOD j-ouni dishwasher at 1201 Flllmore at.,
corner Turk.
WANTED— General tailor for the country. Ap-
ply A. MARKTWITZ. 1175A Market St.
BOY for tailor shop; $2 W per week. 858 How-
ard St., bet. 4th and Oth. over ball court.
MAN or lady for flower store; must have expe-
rience; no others need apply. 600 Halght et.
SIDE line of gloves for right man. Inquire of
Excelsior Glova Co.. 415 Market st.
BOY for crocery store; one with experience pre-
ferred. 437 Fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted. Apply MAR-
TIN BROS.. 17 Stockton st.
YOUNG man to drive mlik wagon. 2820 Twen-
ty-recond St., near Alabama.
WANT dlemaker, locksmith or vise hand. W.
H. OUTZMAR. 1706 Dwlght way. Berkeley.
FIFTH hand bread baker at 911*4 Larkin at.
WANTED— Good barber; steady Job; good
wages. 489 Twelfth gt., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS operators wanted on coats;
steady work and good pay; work inside. Ap-
ply at H. N. WOOO & CO.'S, 37 Geary st.,
second floor.
MAN wanted with *1CO to invest in a paying
business; can make $65 a month; no experi-
ence required. 1016 Market St.. room 10.
GOOD bushelman wanted. Apply 2916 Lyons st.
SHOEMAKER wanted at 1712 Church St., near
Twenty-ninth, for repairing.
'ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission st., bet, ftat and 2d sta.
WANTED — A 2 or 3 chair barber shop; city or
country. Box T07, Call office.
4-CHAIR barber shop for rent. 759% Howard
street.
FOR sale— 1-chalr barber shop and 2 living
rooms; cheap. 868 Bryant st.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House, 519 Sacra-
mento st, near Montgomery; one of the few
respt-ctable houses where countrymen coming
tn the city can find nice, clean, cheap. vt«11-
ventllated rooms. . A. McCRESRY. Prop.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 26c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MtN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Ctay st.
A PRIVATE secretary; little bookkeeping ;
good home; small wages; private place; short
distance from city. E. C. box 150. Call.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepnrd & Co., old, reliable
Ilrm. S06 Market, rm. 40, Phelan bldg.; pension
vouchers executed. 23c; advice free.
WHITENER and paperhanger wanted to do
work In exchange for rent. Box 154, Call.
DENTIST wanted; graduate & Christian; llf.» ;
pos. Write H. J. Plomteaux, D.D.S.. Oakland.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting, 25c
to POc. 662 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Good all-around blacksmith. Ap-
. ply to J. O'SHEA, Seventeenth and Vermont.
WANTED — 100 men to take rooms, 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands:
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 2S Stouart.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. 8. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions . has been established at 1 1M
Valencia st.
CTjASSIFIEr* advertisements «nd Kubscr'.ptlcns
received Ht Call branch office. ;?00 Flllmore st.
HEMORRHOIDS^
PILES— 300 cures business men In San Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation; no pain; par-
tlcularg yent. Ad. Physician, box 1950. . Call.
nORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 'HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
527 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WANTED— Good sound young family horse;
must be good driver. Address, with price. A.
¦ C. ¦ 1341 Pearl Bt.. Alameda.
FOR sale — Brown j mare phaeton and harness.
Occident Stable, corner Geary and Polk sts.
FEED Manhattan food; keeps horses, coivs,
poultry and dogw healthy. 1253 Folsom st.. S.F.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send fcr clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
»15— 8 ROOMS and bath; newly papered. 22 E>e
Room st.. off Second, near ' Brannan. -'
INVALID CHAIKS *AM> TRICYCLES.
SOLD and rented; manfr.' of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st.TUESDAY. NOVEMBER U
Sun rises ............ .....9:43
Sun sets 5 -.Go
Moon rlsea (third quarter) 11:13 p. m.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at tha
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to 2aa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Mcon and Tide.
NOTE— In the above exposition of tha tide*
the early morning tides are given In tha left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column the third tide and
the last or right hand column grives the last
tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given is subtracted from 'the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Lumber for Australia,
The bark Holllswood sailed yesterday for
Fremantle with the following: cargo, valued
at $27,600:
841.124 feet lumber and 1816 doors.
Walmsley Again in. Trouble.
Captain Seymour received a letter yes
terday from George Blair, Superintendent
of Public Charltles.New York, stating that
Robert "Walmsley. the old retired merchant
of this city, was an inmate of the Out
of-Door Charity Department there. In
formation was asked regarding him. He
had on his person a draft on a London
bank for a large sum of money. Oc
tober 14 last "Walmsley was picked up In
Williamsburg, N. Y., wandering around
In a deranged condition. A few days later
he left for Manchester, England, where he
has a son-in-law. He has evidently re
turned from Kngland. His friends here
will be communicated with.
Captain F. W. Jordan, the well-known
pilot, has had a streak of bad luck in his
family. Mushrooms were in season and
the whole family partook of them. Mr?
Jordan was the first to be affected, and
the baby was taken sick a few hours
later. Then Miss Jordan was taken sick
and the next day the captain was as sick
as the rest of them. The Jordan family
will eschew mushrooms next season and
trust to some well-known brand of mush
room sauce.
dren Made Sick by Mush
rooms.
Captain Jordan, His Wife and Chil-
ENTIRE FAMILY POISONED.
UMPQUA— Arrived Nov 8— Schr Louise, from
San Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 13— Stmr laqua. hnc
Nov 11; stmr Pasadena, from Sen Pedro.
Sailed Nov 12— Stmr Alliance, for Portland
PORT GAMBLE-Salled Nov U-Scbr Ida
Schnauer. for San Francisco.
HI LO— Sailed Oct 29— Schr Cha» K Falk. for
Port Townsend: bark Martha Davis, for Hono
lulu.
In port Oct 29— Bark Santiago, bktn'G C Per
kins and ship Falls of Clyde.
KAANAPALI— Arrived Oct 25— Bark Dia
mond Head, from Tacoma.
KAHULUI— Sailed Nov 1— Schr Dora Bluhm
for San Francisco. Nov ¦ 2— Bark Carrollton"
for Tacoma.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct SO— Ship Geore*
Curtis, hence Oct 17: bktn 8 N Castle, henw
Oct 14; bark Martha Davis, from Hilo. Oct 31
— Ship Kennebec. from Newcastle. Aus Nov
1— Stmr City of Peking, hence Oct 28: Nov J—
U S tug Iroquois, from Kaanapall; U S stmr
Nero, . hence Oct 23. Nov . 4— Br stmr Port
Stephens, hence Oct 23. Nov 5— Bark -Albert,
hence Oct 24; bark C D Bryant, hence Oct 23;
Bchr Eureka, from Eureka: Br ship Tola, from
London.
Sailed Oct 30— Br ship Clan Macpherson, for
Portland, Or. Nov 1— Bark Edward May, for
Port Townsend. Nov 3— Bktn Irmsard, for
San Francisco: schr Helene. for Laysan Island;
schr Mary E Foster, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Per stmr China — Nov S. ' passed stmr Ala
merla; hence for Sydney and Honolulu. Nov 7
1:57 p m, U S stmr Sherman, hence for Manila;
7:15 p m, U S stmr Solace, for Guam, etc. Nov
8. 4:20 a m. Br stmr Gaelic, hence for China,
etc • ' • v '.- >
TELEGRAPHIC. • -. ' -
POINT LOBOS. "Nov IX 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 8 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
LONDON. Nov 11— Br ship Honolulu, from
Norfolk, for Manila, put into Rio da Janeiro
with carro heated.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Bark. Holllswood. Knight. Fremantls.
SPOKEN.
July 22, lat 8 N, Ion 115 W— Br ship Brodlck
Castle, from Port Blakeley. for London. I
July 22, lat 8 N. Ion 115 W— Br ship Brodlck
Castle, from Port Blakeley. for London.
Monday, November 12.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Luella, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, .
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund. — -.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen. Victoria and
SAILED.
Monday, November 12.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepsen. Victoria, etc:
Goodall. Perkins &. Co.
Fr bark Fervaal, Mabon, Queenstown; L
Kauflman.
Bark Holllswood, Knight, Fremantle; J J
Moore & Co. I
CLEARED.
Monday. November 12.
Stmr China. Seabury. 30 days from Hong
kong, via Yokohama 17 days, via Honolulu 6
days 21 hours 43 minutes.
Stmr City of Panama, Porter. 17 days 23
hours 5S minutes from Panama, via Acapulco
•j days 22 hours.
Stmr Chas Nelson. Anderson, 4>j days from
Seattle, via Anacortes TS hours.
Btmr Progreso, Monroe, 96 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Santa Barbara. Jahnsen. 35 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Luella, Madsen, SS hours from Saa
Pedro.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, 16 hours frorm Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Senator, Patterson. 70 hours from Ana
cortes.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen, 80 hours from Se
attle.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 13 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, 19 hour* from Usal.
Whaling Btmr Belvedere, Devoll. 17 days from
Fox Island. •
Br abiD Carmanlan. Buwn, 72 days from
Hongkong.
Bark Prussia, Jensen, 10 days from Port
Port Blakeley.
Bchr Cleone. Miller, 10 hours from Fish
Rock.
Schr Ocean Spray. Olsen. 48 hours from Tim
ber Cove.
Schr Chas Hanson, "Dannevlg, IS days from
Port Gamble.
Schr Western Home, Chrlstensen, 9 days from
Coos Bay.
Sehr Daisy Rowe. Nyman. 8 days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Bes3le K, Nielsen* 16 days from Uyak
Bay.
Schr Lizzie Vance, Brown, 9 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr J G Wall, Jensen, 4 days from Eureka.
Schr Annie Larsen. Smith, 13 days from Ta
coma.
Schr Repeat, Olsen, 8 days from Coos Bay.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed yesterday
for Victoria with the following; cargo, valued
at $14,844:
10 cs arms and ammunition, 6505 lbs butter.
22.775 lbs blueston'e, 4000 lbs beans, 20 kegs
catsup, 3500 lbs chocolate, 114 cs canned goods,
23S4 lbs coffee, SS cs drugs. 12 ca drygoods. 22.
«40 lbs 134 pkgB dried fruit, 107 bxs fruit. 14 era
furniture. 41 cs groceries and provision.-), 145
pkes hardware. 16 bxa lemons, - 7 pkgs leather,
12S3 feet lumber, 1650 lbs mlllstuffs, 75 empty
kegs, 25 kegs molasses, 11 era machinery. 50,580
lbs malt, 30 bxs oranges, 60 bxs paste, 193 pkgs
raisins, 6 era sewing machines. 8 pkgs wire
goods, 1078 lbs tobacco, 43 era terra cotta
building material. S cs typewriters, gals
wine, 4 era vegetables.
Merchandise for Victoria.
The A. M. Baxter loads lumber at Seattle
for Honolulu; the Anglesey, wheat to Europe.
43s 9d, prior to arrival; the Charmer, coal from
Oyster Harber to Kahulul; the Esther Buhne,
lumber from Eureka to Honolulu; the 8. D.
Ou-leton. coal at Tacoma for Lahalna: the
Robert R. Hind, lumber from Puget Sound to
Kahului, prior to arrival; the Lamorlclere,
wheat and barley for Europe. 37s 6d, rechar
tered. •
Charters.
Shipping Merchants.
The French bark Fervaal cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for orders with 87.500 ctls
wheat, valued at $67,500. and 20.000 feet lumber
dunnage, valued at $300. Total value. $67,800.
? 1
Hatters of Interest to Mariners .and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The new pilot boat Pathfinder was
launched last Saturday from Turner's
yard at Benlcia. She was christened by
Miss Ann Freeman, daughter of Captain
Freeman of the pilot service. The Path
finder will gd Into commission next
month.
The foundation for the story of a col
lision between the Tiburon and Sausallto.
as reported from San Rafael, was the fact
that the river steamer J. D. Peters and
the Tiburon were within a few yards of
each other. Neither vessel was damaged.
news has already been thrashed out. Tha
other steamers are all coasters.
e» \
Water Front Notes.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Nov 11— Scars A. B
Johnson. Gem and Maid of Orleans, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Nov 12— Stmr Grace Dollar, hence
Nov 8.
WHATCOM— Arrived Nov 13-Schr R W Bart
lett. from Port Townsend.
NEAH— Passed In Nov 13— Ship I»a*c Reed,
hence Nov 1. for Seattle. ,
Passed out Nov 13— Stmr Matteawan, from
Tacoma. for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Rath, from
Alaska; stmr Aloha, from Skaguay; schr A M
Baxter, from Port Townsend. Nov 13— Stmr
Czarina, hence Nov 8.
Sailed Nov 11— Ship Iroquols, for Honolulu;
stmr Cottage City, for Sltka.
BO WENS LANDING— Arrived Nov 12— Schr
Nettle Sundborg. hence Nov 1; scar Newark.
hence Nov 11.
Sailed Nov 12— Schr Mary Etta, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT TOWNSEND-Arrlved Nov 11-Bark
Rufua E Wood, from Chemalnus. for Adelaide.
Nov 12— Schr R "W Bartlett. hence Nov 2. for
New "Whatcom.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Nov 12-Stmr Noyo,
hence Nov ll.
Sailed Nov 12— Stmr Scotia, far Saa Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 13— Nor bark Stjorn.
from Honolulu; Br ship Cromartyshlre, from
Port Loo Anreles.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov 12— Schr
Henry Wilson, hence Nov 1: schr Jennie Stella,
from San Pedro.
Sailed Nov 13— Schr Roy " Somers, for San
Frandrco.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrtved Nov U-Stmr
Alcatraz, from Cleone.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PALMOCTH- Arrived Sot 10— Or ship Rlck
mer Rlckmers, from Oregon: Br ship Wendur.
from Oregon.
HULL— Arrived Nov 10— Br ship Balmoral.
hence' June 29.
QUEE.NSTOWX- Arrived Nov 19— Br ship
Marechal Sucfcet. hene« June 30.
BRISBANE— Sailed Nov »— Br stmr W«rrl
moo, for Vancouver.
GUATEMALA— Sailed Oct XJ-Qer stnir
Hercdot, for Ham burr.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Oct 11— Br «htp Wat
ertree, for Orezon.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Nov 10— Stmr
Tacoxna, for Tacoma.
Sailed Nov 12— Ship Reuce. for Port Town-
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Arrived Nov 10— Br
Drummulr. from Melbourne. ,
MONTEVIDEO— Arrived Nov 13— U S stmr
Chicago, from Rio Janeiro.
CALLAO-Salled Nov 10-Oer stmr Neko. for
San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Nov 9— Stmr San Juan,
for San Francisco. ¦
MANILA— Arrived Nov 11— Br utmr Port Al
bert, frcm Seattle.
HAMBURG— Arrived Nov 12— Ger «tmr Aby
dos, h«nce July 23.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MANILA— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Port Albert,
from Seattle, via Hlogo.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov l*-6tmr Lak«
Superior, from Montreal, for LIvtrpooL
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Sylva
nia. from Boston. ,
GIBRALTAR — Sailed Nov 12— Stmr AUer.
from Naples, for New Tort.
HAVRE-Sailed Nov 12— Stmr I/Aqultalne.
for New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Nov 10-Stmr Olym
pla. from Tacoma. for Hongkong.
Steamer Movement*.
TO ARRIVE.
TO BAIL.
THE LARGEST FLEET OF STEAMERS THAT HAS MADE PORT IN MANY A DAT CAME IN YESTERDAY. THE
CHINA L&D THE WAY, CLOSELY FOLLOWED BY THE WHALING STEAMER BELVEDERE. AFTER
. THEM CAME A STRING OF COASTERS.
A BIG fleet of steamers made
port yesterday. There was a
fair wind, but, strange to say,
the "wind-jammers" did not
show up until sundown, while
the steamers came' along in a bunch.
Among those that came in during the day
were the Pomona from Eureka, the San
ta Barbara from San Pedro, the Luella
from San Pedro, the Sequoia from Fort
Bragg, the Willamette from Seattle, the
City of Panama from Central America,
the Bessie K from Uyak, Alaska, th<?
Senator from Puget Sound and the steam
whaler Belvedere from Fox Island.
The China brought sixty-seven cabin
passengers and a lot of Chinese in the
steerage. The cabin passengers were al
lowed to land, but the/vessel was held in
quarantine. Among those who came up
In the cabin wa& C. Bagdonovitch, the
manager of the Russian expedition that
went to Siberia on the steamer Samoa.
There was a conflict of authority, and the
Samoa, instead of remaining on the Sibe
rian coast, went back to Cape Nome. Mr.
Bagdonovitch asserts he has a claim
against the owners of the Samoa for
breach of contract and has come half
way around the world to collect his dam
ages. The lawsuit that is sure to follow
will bring to light some particulars of tha
Samoa's exciting voyage.
The China will dock to-day.
The Belvedere comes in from the Arc
tic with only 3000 pounds of bone. Last
year she had a very successful season,
but on this occasion she only took one
whale, and that a small one .
The Senator is from Cape Nome, but
stopped at the sound on her way here,
and therefore brings no news. The Bes
sie K also comes from the gold fields, but
as she left long before the Senator ho*"
He Will Tell About "Our New Posses
sessions" at Metropolitan Tern- .
pi© Thursday Night.
San Franciscans are to be (riven an op
portunity to hear what the Rev. Father
W. D. McKlnnon, U. S. A., post chaplain
at Manila, has to say of the Philippines.
On Thursday night next, for the benefit
of his old parish, that of Suisun, Father
McKlnnon will deliver at Metropolitan
Temple a lecture on "Our New Posses
sions, the Philippines; What Shall We Do
With Them? 71
A lecture by this bright and observing
priest on this subject at the present time
should pack the temple with intelligent
people. On Friday Father McKinnon will
leave on the transport Sheridan for
Manila to resume his duties in the land
where he won fame as chaplain of the
First California Regiment.
Four Filipino youths whom Chaplain
McKinnon brought over here ten months
ago to be educated will furnish instru
mental musl£ and sing Filipino songs.
They are excellent performers on stringed
instruments and sing well. The First
Regiment band will also be in attendance.
Tickets will be 50 cents, and may be ob
tained at Glldea's clothing store, corner
Grant avenue and Market street. There
will be no reserves. The lecture will be
illustrated with stereopticon views.
FATHER McKINNON IS TO .
LECTURE. ON PHILIPPINES
THE SAN, FRAXCISCO <5AL«Ij, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1900.
STEAMER FLEET MAKES PORT
FROM ALL POINTS OF COMPASS
11
.earner.
[«ls Hamburg • Nor. IS
Rainier Seattle _... Not. 13
Walla Walla... Victoria Nov. M
Chas. Nelson... Seattle. Nov. 13
J. a. Klmball.. Seattle Not. 13
Luella San Pedro Nor. 13
Jeanle Seattle - Nov. 13
Bcnlta (Newport _ Nov. IS
SVarpsno Horukon* Nov_13
Dei Norte Portland and Coos Bay. Not. 14
[aqua Eureka. Nor. 14
Wellington .... Comox Nov. 14
Matteawan Tacoma Not. 15
Santa Rosa .... San Diego Nor. IS
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Nov. 15
Point Arena.... Point Arena Not. 15
Eureka Humboldt Not. 13
Crescent City.. Crescent City Not. IS
Vlarlposa Australia Nov. IS
0. W. Elder.... Portland Nov. 13
Cooa Bay Newport Nor. 17
Pomona Eureka Nov. 17
ntanla . Nanalmo Nov. 17
LTmaflUa - v Victoria Not. 1%
3 race Dollar... Grays Harbor Not. 1%
jueen San Diego Nor. 13
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Arcata .... Coos Bar Nor. 13, 4 pm Pier 13
Sta. Brbara Humboldt Nov. 13. t pm Pier I
H. Mam... Chlna&Japan Not. 13, 1 pm PMSS
Newburn .. Grays Harbor Nor. 13. 5 pm Pier 13
North Fork Humboldt Nor. 13. • am Pier a
Pomona ... Humboldt..... Nor. 14. 3 pm Plar 9
Columbia .. Portland Nor. 14. 11 am Pier 24
Queen San Diego Not. 14. 11 am Pier U
W. Krujer Grays Harbor Nor. li. 7 pm
Corona .... Newport Nor. 18. i am Pier 11
Mandalay . Coqullle R.... Nor. 1*. .: '.
Rainier Seattle Nor. IS. SpmlPler 13
Walla W.. Victoria Nor. 17. 11 am! Pier a
Ft. Arena.. Point Arena.. Nov. 17. IPler 3
Eureka ....Humboldt Nov. 17. 9aai|Pler 2
Santa Rosa San Diego Nov. 13. 11 am Pier 11
Newport .. New York Nor. 19. 12 mlPMSS
Geo. Klder. Portland Nor. 19. 11 amIPler 24
China China & Japan Xor. 13. 1 pm!PMS3
Bonita Newport. ..~.. Nov. 20, 3 am Pier 11
Arcata Coos Bay Nov. 20. 4 pm Pier 13
0 Tlmel Time Time!* Time
* L_ — Ft. | Ft. Ft. Ft.
? HWI L. W H W L, W|
13 ... 4:32 4.7 »:30 3.3 «:07 4.7 10:03* ».i
II ... 5:25 4.) 11:00 J.2 4:2 4.2 10:55 1.0
14 ... 6:12 6.0 12:21 2.8 5:41 4.0 11:45 1.3
15 ... «:52 5.1 1:25 2.3 «:58 J.3
Z. "W H W L. W . H W
16 ... 0:36 1.7 7:31 5.2 2:12 1.8 8:04 S.S
17 ... 1:21 2.0 8:C« S.4 2:48 l.S 9:0» 3.9
IS ... 1:59 2.3 8:39 5.5 3:20 0.S 9:5* 4.0
19 ...| ZOS 2.6 9:09 5.6i 3:52 0.4 10:42 4.1
.earner.
[«ls Hamburg • Nor. IS
Rainier Seattle _... Not. 13
Walla Walla... Victoria Nov. M
Chas. Nelson... Seattle. Nov. 13
J. a. Klmball.. Seattle Not. 13
Luella San Pedro Nor. 13
Jeanle Seattle - Nov. 13
Bcnlta (Newport _ Nov. IS
SVarpsno Horukon* Nov_13
Dei Norte Portland and Coos Bay. Not. 14
[aqua Eureka. Nor. 14
Wellington .... Comox Nov. 14
Matteawan Tacoma Not. 15
Santa Rosa .... San Diego Nor. IS
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Nov. 15
Point Arena.... Point Arena Not. 15
Eureka Humboldt Not. 13
Crescent City.. Crescent City Not. IS
Vlarlposa Australia Nov. IS
0. W. Elder.... Portland Nov. 13
Cooa Bay Newport Nor. 17
Pomona Eureka Nov. 17
ntanla . Nanalmo Nov. 17
LTmaflUa - v Victoria Not. 1%
3 race Dollar... Grays Harbor Not. 1%
jueen San Diego Nor. 13
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Arcata .... Coos Bar Nor. 13, 4 pm Pier 13
Sta. Brbara Humboldt Nov. 13. t pm Pier I
H. Mam... Chlna&Japan Not. 13, 1 pm PMSS
Newburn .. Grays Harbor Nor. 13. 5 pm Pier 13
North Fork Humboldt Nor. 13. • am Pier a
Pomona ... Humboldt..... Nor. 14. 3 pm Plar 9
Columbia .. Portland Nor. 14. 11 am Pier 24
Queen San Diego Not. 14. 11 am Pier U
W. Krujer Grays Harbor Nor. li. 7 pm
Corona .... Newport Nor. 18. i am Pier 11
Mandalay . Coqullle R.... Nor. 1*. .: '.
Rainier Seattle Nor. IS. SpmlPler 13
Walla W.. Victoria Nor. 17. 11 am! Pier a
Ft. Arena.. Point Arena.. Nov. 17. IPler 3
Eureka ....Humboldt Nov. 17. 9aai|Pler 2
Santa Rosa San Diego Nov. 13. 11 am Pier 11
Newport .. New York Nor. 19. 12 mlPMSS
Geo. Klder. Portland Nor. 19. 11 amIPler 24
China China & Japan Xor. 13. 1 pm!PMS3
Bonita Newport. ..~.. Nov. 20, 3 am Pier 11
Arcata Coos Bay Nov. 20. 4 pm Pier 13
0 Tlmel Time Time!* Time
* L_ — Ft. | Ft. Ft. Ft.
? HWI L. W H W L, W|
13 ... 4:32 4.7 »:30 3.3 «:07 4.7 10:03* ».i
II ... 5:25 4.) 11:00 J.2 4:2 4.2 10:55 1.0
14 ... 6:12 6.0 12:21 2.8 5:41 4.0 11:45 1.3
15 ... «:52 5.1 1:25 2.3 «:58 J.3
Z. "W H W L. W . H W
16 ... 0:36 1.7 7:31 5.2 2:12 1.8 8:04 S.S
17 ... 1:21 2.0 8:C« S.4 2:48 l.S 9:0» 3.9
IS ... 1:59 2.3 8:39 5.5 3:20 0.S 9:5* 4.0
19 ...| ZOS 2.6 9:09 5.6i 3:52 0.4 10:42 4.1
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Entnrn.
TURK. 126— Furnished room suitable for gen-
tleman ; $5 per month. •
TURK. S03— Large alcove room; running water;
cloeet. grate, gas, bath; also large front room.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ROOM and board. $13; bath and gas; private
family. 110H McAllister. •
BOARD and rooms at 415 First St., near liar-
rlson.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
— -
TOUNO machinist desires board and room;
home comfort In a private Protestant Chris-
tian family: 10 minutes' walk northwest of
Sixth and Howard: state terms. Box 1S9. Call.
ROOMS WANTED.
LADY desires sunny furnished room with stor-
age; In the Mission. 8*4 Adalr st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chlchetter Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mads;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41S Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 56S9.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 819 Third.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; r«-
palrlng lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 4i.
ALL kinds bought, cold and repairing guaraa-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 7J2 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 761.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. WgO Flllmore st.: phone Jack»on Ml.
SLOT MACHINES.
BOUGHT and sold; new and second hand; large
display; very cheap. ?27 Market, room 220.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
tell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $1. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 26i
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. ft M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery tt.
nr.AL ESTATE CITY — FOR SA^E.
A. L. WILLEY. Room 18. 916 Market et.
New 2-story house, near finished; lot 75x100;
1 block* from electric road; $750. cr will ex-
change for chicken ranch.
Will sell you house and lot anywhere you
w&ct It: size and price to suit.
Or g^lt-edge farm; fruit; running water.
Nice lodging-house or a good mine.
Or will exchange tnythlr.g you have. IK
Market ft., phone Black K15: hours 8 to 8.
IF you have well-located property In the Mis-
sion, either vacant lots cr nice residence, and
you really want to>ell, then call on the under-
tlgned. W. j. GUNN. hit California tt
HAVE you property in the Potrero or Kxcelslor
Homestead Tract that you want to sell ? Then
call en W. J. GUNN. I*) California st.
Bl'f-H. 1^5— nice large residence, or could be
turned Into flats: very sunny; 30xlS7:6. Call.
KODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
<-ytlmat"s furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mi-slon.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
CITY property and farms sold or exchanged;
printed lists. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, r. 1.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCUA\GE.
NITIV ccttagr, ( Ttr.m.. bath; lot iOxlOO; Mission;
rental terms: and vacant lots. 413 Kearny «t.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
"WANT stock ranch In Sonoma or Mendodno
County with some good land on place. D. K.
WILSON. 12T0 Klrkham gt.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SCORTH EIDE of Clement ave. ; 5-room cot-
tage, bath, etc.; lot 25x100 feet; street work
complete; $1300.
Lincoln ave.; house of 5 rooms; lot £0x130;
rtr*<"t work complete; $12S0.
Sa.n Jose av*. ; choice lot 50x150; street work
complete; $1200.
6 acres land, fine house, well and outhouses;
n^ar station; for sale at the greatest bargain.
Clinton ave.; 2-story house of 8 rooms; lot 100
X15D; corner; call at the office for full par-
ticulars.
Fine lots on f-herman et.: 75x150; street work
•11 complete; the choicest lots In Alameda.
E>c.iT-t home on Sherman St.; valued at $15.-
POP ; greatest bargain In Alameda.
CaU to see our list of improved and unim-
proved property.
E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park et.. Alameda, Cal.
13300 VTILL buy an elegant house Just finished;
let MxllS; palm and bearing fruit trees. J. H.
YOUNG, owner. 1243 Park et
tJ2t>0— AUCTION price; nnest modern 6-room
cottage in Alameda: perfect plumbing; ;1n»
location: t blocks from ctatloa it high school;
fair terms. A. G. Bump. HOI Park. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
*5K>0— $10» CA6H. balance JSO per month; hous«
of f roonw; corner; lot 45x100; all sewered;
will trade for a ranch of equal value; only
2 blocks to car?. W. C. MORAN.
lU.v— JT. r .fl CASH, balance $15 per month: new
b*y-"vlndow cottage, all furnished, of 6 large
rooms: large basement; 1 block to train and
electric cars; Ftreet sewered, graded and mac-
adamized: cottage alone cheap at this price;
rarti*"s rr,ins East. W. C. MORAN. Lorin
station, Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
Jli* CASH. SS SO monthly: new t-room cottage.
7 -foot basement; fine large lot. 2SS feet deep;
price all told. $K0.
$7 50 cash. $4 50 monthly; U acre excellent
land for $150.
$15 cash. »« 50 monthly; hi acre Al land. J235.
122 50 cash. $9 monthly; «4 acre superb land
for JEtf
$25 c«Fh. $11 monthly; 1 acre (more can be
'had) tor $475.
Adjoining East Oakland; climate, soil anrt
view the very fo**t; away from fogs and raw
windF; near electric car line and wide boule-
vard. Call or eend for circular. 455 Seventh et.,
Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
IN FRrrrVALE.
NVw hous* cf 8 rooms: lot 60x165; all modern
lrcrrovpments: light and gas; splendid
tew. A. R. PATERSON. 47S Tenth et.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD boum. Oet list from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN Sc CO., 1008 Broafiway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to yt>u t rom H. Schellhaaa. th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR^JIOUSEKEEPING.
CHESTNUT. 2J3— Furnished rooms to rent,
housekeeping: quiet neighborhood; fine view;
rood hou»; cheap.
HOWARD. 1141— J room* and bath; furnished
complete for housekeeping; rent $12.
HYPE. 40R— Sunny front suite. $29; also sunny
Fuite, housekeeping. $17.
MARKET, near Mason— Large sunny front rm.
and kitchen; folding bed; $12. Call 342 Kearny,
MARTHA pi. 3. off Geary, near Mason— Sunny
Housekeeping rooms; also other rooms; reas.
NATOMA. 701 — Nice housekeeping rooms; nan
and wife; rent low.
NOE, 153. north of Market— I sunny bay-wla-
dow rnoms; gas stove, grate; bath; $14.
FERRY. 174 — Two nlc« housekeeping rooms;
hot and cold water and bath.
EUNNY bedroom, kitchen; light baeement;
yard; for hou&ekerping by single mechanic.
Address hex 16S. Call office.
TENTH. 123. nr. Market— One small kitchen
an4 bedroom; running water; $3 per month.
TAILOR. 10S— Two housekeeping rooms fur-
r'Fhel in oak: also a large front eulte of rms.
ROOMS TO LBT Para, and Unfurn.
A-BRL'NSWICK Housed 148 Sixth— Rooms 25c
to $1 per night; SI 25 to S3 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
EXRNETT. 1*26 Market <old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlsbwi rmn, vultes. tingle; also unfurnished.
Bl'SH. CO (The Elk)— Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms., $1 SO to $7
week: 25c to $1 50 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
KJ-I.IH. 820 — Tidy, neatly furn. rooms for gen-
tlemen only; desirable houne, neighborhood.
FIFTH, 1C7— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
FOLSOM. *6S. cor. Cth (The Oliver)— New fur-
nished runny rms.. single, suites; reasonable.
GEART. <0S (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mleoion etc.— Sunny rooms, en suite 'or
single; ladles' psrlor: reading-room; elevator.
HARRISON, 7S3— Front email room furnished;
rent $4; bath.
HOWARD, 10CSH— Finely furnished sunny front
bay-window rooms. $10; also others.
HOWARD. 1546— Large alcove bay-window room
with large kitchen, furnlcbed.
JESSIE. 644. upstairs— I tunny front rooms;
rest $5 per month.
LaOVNa. 74»— Unfurnished parlors; cun all
day; private; quiet; modern.
LAD PALM A 6. lt.20 Market St.— Suite of ! or 3
rms.; private; bath: sin, rms.; board optional.
McCLELLAND. 200 Turk St.— Changed hands;
newly renovated; all rooms facing either
Turk or Jones *t. ; rent reasonable.
MINNA. «7, corner Eighth— New furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1514. nr. 11th — Pleasant room, one or
two persons, $1 CO a week.
N ATOM A. B53-»— Nicely furnished front rooms;
iZ month.
HEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
rurr.if hed rooms. $2 a week up; Sic a day up.
OCTAVIA. 41S — Large bay-window room to let,
furnished.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offlces; elevator; electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
O' FARRELL. 224— Nicely furnished front suite,
also other sunny rooms.
O' FARRELL. 6U— Newly furnished sunny suite,
flngle rooms, suitable couple or 1 gentlemen.
POLK, 1620— Large unfurn. double parlors; also
large sunny {urn. room; use of kitchen.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis et.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
Icr; rooms, per night, tic to $1 SO; week. $2 to
S&: month. $8 to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
P.OSEDALn House, 119 and 221~Ellls st.— Room*.
right 25c to $1. week $1 25 to $4: open night.
KHEKMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
EIXTH, 136— Furnished room, suitable for gen-
tleman.
TAVLOR. 21»\Nice double parlor; also sunny
elngle room, containing 2 beds.
TAYLOR. 81&-Sunny room for gentleman, $10;
2 others, $12 and £15.
TENTH. 12S. nr. Market— Large sunny room,
grate, closet. fS; also kitchen, bathroom, $5. ,
PROPOSED CHANOE OF HARBOR LINES,
SAN FRANCISCO BAT— A Board of United
States Engineers will hold a public hearing
In the office of STATE HARBOR COMMIS-
SIONERS (Ferry building) at 10 a. m. Thurs-
day, November IS. 1900. to consider applica-
tion Tor an advance of the existing harbor
line between Van Ness avenue and Folsom
street in San Francisco Bay. Arguments for
or against a change are requested In writing.
S. M. MANSFIELD. Colonel Corps of En-
glneere. President of Board.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
BOBN.
BROWNE— In this city. November ill, 1900. to
the wife of Oustavus R. A. Browne, a son.
DUCOURNO— In this city, October 11. 1900, to
the wife cf Fillbert Ducourno. a son,
GRIFFING— In this city, November 11, 1300, to
the wife of F. A. Griffing, a son.
HANSEN— In this city, November 12. 1900, to
tbe wife of Otto II. Hansen. a daughter.
HU6TEDT— In this city, November », 1900, to
the wife of Henry Hustedt, a daughter.
MIDDLETON— In Fruitvale, November 11, 1900,
to the wife of James Mlddleton. a son.
MINKEL— In this city. November 12. 1900 to
tbe wife of Frederick Mlnkel, a son.
BIMON— In this city, November 11, 1800. to the
wife of S. L. Blmon, a son.
ZIMMERMAN-In this city, November 6, 1900.
to the wife of Ernest E. Zimmerman, a
daughter.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and ba
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Christopher C. Rails, K, 8119 Sixteenth tstreet.
and Nellie R. Mahoney. 22, 2004 McAllister st!
Laurence V. Hlckey. a. Lincoln, and Maud
Witt, 21, Colfox.
John Taylor. £8. Butte. Mont., and Annie Mo-
Garry, EO. Fresno.
John Harrison, 23. BJ1A Larkin street, and
Florence M. Skinner. 25, Cleveland. Ohio.
John Loeeeh. 3«. 133 Welch street, and Louise
Fischer, 27, 532 Fourth street.
William O'Brien. 29. 774 Folsom street, and
Marie Wolff, 25. 717 Hayes street.
Frederick F. Calre, 2L Oakland, and Lillian
R. Sulch. IS. 1309 Ellis strefet.
John C. Rlthmoeller, 27. 7S1 Brannan street,
and Anna Koster, £2, S72 Pennsylvania avenue.
Emil Langhaus, PC, 119S Folsom street, and
MarguerlUia, Steei. 63, city.
Charles L«. Barrltt, 40, city, and Olga C.
Block, 32. city.
Oscar T. Miller, 18, Boulder Creek, and Cora
B. Plalstridre. 27. city.
Andrew SetarOk 40, San Jose, and Maria Oe-
lanll, 3». city.
James McKlnzla, 31, 207 Turk street, and
Alllna Hoffmann, 28, 207 Turk street.
Jeesie V. Crockett, 23, 1532 Howard street,
and Anna Hannen, 23. 4SS Eddy street.
PROPOSALS fcr Clothing and Equipage. Depot
Quartermaster's Office, J6 New Montgomery
et.. San FrancUco. Cal., November 8. 1900
SeaJed proposals. In triplicate, will be received
Rt thU office until 10 o'clock a. m. Friday,
November 23. 1900, Pacific Standard Time,
and then opened, for furnishing Wool Blan-
kets, Leather Gauntlets, Berlin Gloves. Hat
Cords. IAggins. Chambray Shirts, Cotton Un-
der Shirts. Wpolen Stockings. Suspenders, Cot-
ton Stockings, Scrubbing Brushes, Storm and
Recruiting Flags, Recruiting Flag Halliards
Garrison and Post Flag Halliards. Quan-
tities to be Fubject to an Increase of 50 per
cent. If desired, by this department. Un-
guaranteed bids and bids upon eamples dif-
fering from etandards and specifications on
requirements will, except In the cases here-
inafter mentioned, under no circumstances
be considered; proposals for less quantities
than advertised for will be entertained. Blcis
will be opened for the delivery of the same ar-
ticles at either the San Francisco. Chicago
Philadelphia or Boston depots, but none will
be given consideration for delivery at other
points than those named above. Early de-
ll\erles are essential. Proposals upon woolen
FtocklcgB, heavy quality, having seamless
toes and full eeamless heels, but otherwise
conforming to specifications, will also bs
entertained, In which case pt-oposals offering
euch must be accompanied by sample. Bid-
ders uron scrubbing brushes will be permit-
ted to submit samples differing- from speci-
fications and standard requirements. Prefer-
ence will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture conditions of
price and quality being equal (including in
tbe price of foreign production and manufac-
ture the duty thereon), and such preference
will be given to articles of American pro-
duction and manufacture produced on the Pa-
cific Coaet. to the extent of the consumption
required by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals
will b« furnished on application. Envelopes
containing proposals will be Indorsed: "Pro-
porals No. 9511." and addressed tdh Major
OSCAR F. LONG. Quartermaster. U. 6
Vols., Depot Quartermaster.
PHOPOSALS.
CARLSON— PETERSON— October 7. 1900 by
the Rev. Charles Palm, John E. Carlson of
Independence and Hllma Peterson of San Joee.
CRASIJ— BISHOP— In this city, November 10
1300, by the Rev. M..D. Buck. William Crase
and Bertha Bishop, both of San Francisco.
HICKEY-WITT-In this city. October 12, 1900.
by the R*v. M. D. Buck. Lawrence V. Hlckey
of Lincoln. Cal., and Maud Witt of Colfax.
NICHOLAS— HETDENREICH — In this city.
November 4, 19flp, by the Rev. Father H. H.
Wyman, Charles J. Nicholas and Josephine
Heydcnrelch. both of San Francisco.
TOBEY— MILLS— In this city. November 7 1900
at Trinity Presbyterian Church, by the Rev
W. C. Shaw of Oakland, Curtis Tobey Jr. and
Ed y the E. Mills? ¦
MABBIED.
{Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL,' P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNEKAL DIRECTORS AND EMiiALMEBS,
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
IUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
Finest Equ'— tent at Moderate Rates.- i
BOGER— In this city. November 12, 1900. Mag-
dalena, beloved wife ot F. E. Boger, and lov-
ing mother of Ida, Alma and Alice Boger, a
native of Selsingen, Amt Bremervorde, Ger-
many, aged 44 years 4 months and 4 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend tbe funeral to-morrow
DIED. •
Boger. Magdalena Jones, * Mary A.
Ca'rraher, Michael Madden, James
Casein. Frank Madden. 1'a.tr'ck H.
Coffin. Alice . Marks, Harrlt
Cohen, Julius Musso, Ermina
Douglas:*. William Y. Plummer, C.- Moody
Kills. Joseph V. Plummer. Lucy M.
English. William P. Hedmond. Mary J.
Fisher, Hugh Rendsburg, Clarence
Foley, Catherine Btumke. C. T. John
Gumblnner. Sven Terra. CBDtain A. Q.
Hammonds. Lillian Thomas. John H.
Hinch, Richard Trask, Oren B.
Hoag, Sarah A. Volquards, Emily
Howe. Fannie E. Wehrenberg, D. E.
Hughes, Constance J. Whlttington, Emma
Hummel. John Wynne. Mary
129 Kearny Street
Write fovour new illustrated catalogue.
A rich, rare and beautiful collection of coffee sets in
China, ornamented with artistic miniature figures; these
sets rest upon handsomely polished bronze stands that are
trujy works of art. !-»'
N e e d 1 e - W o r k
Upon this occasion you will see displayed handsomely
embroidered mantle drapes, picture frames, sofa and pin
cushions, handkerchief and necktie cases; also Arabian,
Battenberg and Duchess lace bureau scarfs, center pieces,
table covers and squares in plain or embroidered.
P y r o gr a p hy.
One of the special features this year in our opening
exhibition is the room devoted to the display of artistically
burnt wood and leather articles' which are both useful and
ornamental.
The Burnt leather display consists of sofa cushions,
handkerchief and necktie cases, combination collar and
cuff boxes, music rolls and folios, kodak- view books,
waste baskets, photograph holders, table covers and center
pieces ; burnt wood novelties in taborettes, handkerchief,
necktie, glove and work boxes. ;(
The variety of novelties in fancy baskets, which we
have received this season surpasses all former assortments
in wicker, splint, moss, straw and willow suitable
for card and . work baskets, or for use in the parlor,
boudoir and office; also a good selection of baby baskets ;
in all 'shapes and sizes. :.'' ;
Coffee Set s
The styles and shapes shown in Tiffany ware, opal
crystal and Lonhuda glassware are most exquisite in a
beautiful array that really must be seen to be properly
appreciated.
- Bronze
The assortment of genuine bronze goods consists of
ornaments suitable for parlor csbinets and favors, statu-
ettes with onyx bases for ornamental purposes, also with
polished bases for letter seals ; bronze clocks, vases,
bowls, card receivers, dinner gongs, smoker and writing
sets, paper weights and ash trays in an endless variety.
Art Glassware
November 12th to 17th *
During this week you will find exhibited here a beauti-
ful collection of holiday novelties in bronze, art glassware
and needle-work selected from every corner of the globe.
All are cordially invited to attend whether desiring to
purchase or not.
Art Department
Opening
VOLQUARDS— In Pasadena. November 9.' 1800,
Emily, beloved wife of Ernest Volquards,
daughter of Mrs. Anna Quedens and the late
W. J. Quedens, and sister of Mrs. James W.
Clark and Walter, Edward and Richard Qued-
ens, aged 29 years 6 months and 16 days.
IE7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother, 231S Bryant street.
WEHRENBERG— In this city, November 9.
1900, Diederlch E. Wehrenberg, a native of
Germany, a«:ed«72 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances and members
of St. Markus Church and St. Markus Frauen
•Vereln are respectfully invited to attend the
funeral this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock,
from St. Markus Church, O'Farrell street,
between Gough and Franklin. Interment
I. O O. F. Cemetery. Remains at the par-
lors of H. F. Maas, 917 Mission street, near
Fifth.
WH1TTINOT0N— In this city. November 11,
1900, Emma Whlttington, a native of Vir-
ginia, aged 68 years.
CyFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
. Powell street, near Post.
WYNNE— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated in St. Peter's Church,
Twenty-fourth' and Alabama streets, to-mor-
row (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, for the repose
of the soul of Mary Wynne.
I E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post ar.d Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of California Lodge No.
1, F. and A. M. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
PLUMMER— In Oakland, November 12, 1900,
Lucy M. Plummer, widow of the late Mar-
shal D. Plummer, a native of Massachusetts?*
aged 77 yeare and 4 months.
REDMOND— In this" city, November 11, 1900
Mary J., beloved wife of M. F. Redmond,
and mother of Mrs. ,O, A. Hassllnger and
Frank, Emma, Irvin,' Howard and. Harold
Redmond, a native of Philadelphia, aged 49
years 10 months and 17 days. (Springfield, III.
papers please copy.)
07 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 331 Eddy street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
; mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment private.
RENDSBCRG— In this city, November 11, 1900,
Clarence Porter, beloved son of John M. and
Grace Rendsburg, a native of San FranclBco,
aged 8 years and 3 months.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, -from the home
of his parents, 1018 Pacific street, between
Mason and Taylor. Interment Mount Olivet
Cenystery. by carriage.
STUJtKE- In this city. November 12. 1900, C.
T. John, beloved son of G. Henry and the late
Margaret Etumke, and brother of Henry, Ed-
die, Nellie, Mattle, Gussle and Alice, Stumke,
a native of San Francisco, aged 13 years and
6 months. (Boston papers please copy.)
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 12 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parent, 68 East avenue, Holly
Park. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
TERRA— In San Leandro, November 12. 1900
Captain Antonio Garcia Terra, - beloved hus-
band of the late Mary O. Terra, and father of
Antonio, Louie and Jackson Terra, Mrs. M.
Cardoza and Mrs. Louisa Costa, aged 70 yeais.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence on Dutton avenue, thence to St. Lean-
der's Catholic Church, where services will be
held. Interment at Haywards.
THOMAS— In the City and County Hospital.
November It, 1900, John H. Thomas, a native
of the District of Columbia, aged 40 years.
TRASK— In this city, at St. Luke's Hospital,
November 11, 1900, Oren B. Trask. a native of
Arcata, Humboldt County, aged 29 . years 3
months and 11 days. . ¦ ¦
IC^Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 10
o'clock, from Red Men's Hall, 320 Post street,
under the auspices of Magnolia Lodge No.
41. A. O. U. W. Interment Hills of Eter-
nity Cemetery. Funeral committee of lodge
will i lease attend.
MUSSO— In this city, November 12, 1900, Er-
mma, dearly beloved daughter of John and
Annie Musso, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year and 6 months. / .
PLUMMER— In this city, November 11, 1900,
C. Moody Plummer, beloved husband of Maria
C. Plummer, and father of Mrs. Nellie Hav-
lln, Mrs. Grace Richardson and Hattie A.,
Melltn and Alvln Plummer. a native of
Bethel, Me., aged 72 years 3 months and 4
days. (Boston. New York. Philadelphia and
Bath. Me., papers please copy.)
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
MARKS— In New York, November 5, 1900,
Harris Marks, beloved husband of Annie
Marks, and father of Mrs. L. Levy and Gus,
Eckey. Eva, Etta, Esther, Annetta, Louis
and Florence Marks, a native ot Poland,
aged 63 years 3 months and 26 days. (Sacra-
mento and New York City papers please
copy.)
EXRemains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth.
JONES— Mary Ann Jones, beloved mother of
Charles H. Lane, a native of New York City,
aired S2 years 10 months and 2 days.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the reinterment Thurs-
day, at 2 o'clock. In Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MADDEN— A requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repoee of the soul of the late James
Madden to-morrow (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock,
at St. Joseph's Church. Tenth street. Friends
and relatives are respectfully invited to at-
tend.
MADDEN— In this city, November 12, 1900, Pat-
rick H., beloved husband .ot Margaret Mad-
den, dearly beloved father of Mary. John S.
J., Frances, Joe and Irene Madden, and be-
loved brother of Katie and John Madden a
native of Ballagherderln. County Mayo, Ire-
land, aged 60 years. (Boston, Mass., Scran-
ton, Pa., and Syracuse, N. Y., papers please
copy.)
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11:30 o'clock, from St. John's
Episcopal Church, Fifteenth street, between
Mission and Valencia. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
HOWE— In this city, November 12, 1900, Fannie
E. Howe, wife of the late Erastus Howe, and
mother of Cora and Eda Howe, a native of
Thomaston, Me. "
C^Notice of runeral hereafter.
HUGHES— In this city, November 11. 1900, Con-
Stance J., dearly beloved wife of David
Hugh«s, a native of Devonshire, England,
ared 42 years.
IC^Friends s^id acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Thecdor Dlerks, 957 Mission street.
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery-
HUMMEL— In this city, November 12. 1900. John
Hummel, beloved husband of Marie Hummel,
and father of George Hummel, a native of
Baden, Germany, aged 74 years. A member
of Teutonla Council No. 66, O. C. F.
C^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
GUMBINNER— In this city, November 10. 1900,
Even Gumblnner. beloved father of Elmer
Gumblnner. and brother of Mrs. John Butler,
Mrs. T. Boch and Mrs. Anna Mitchell, a na-
tive of Sweden, aged 69 years 6 months and
9 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances and members
of the Great Council of California. Imp. O.
R. M.. and members of Crockett Lodge No.
329. I. O. O. F., are respectfully Invited to
attend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, from the Red Men's Hall. 320 Post
street, under the auspices of Winnemucca
Tribe No. 61, Imp. O. R. M. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. Remains at parlors of Julius
S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
HAMMONDS— In this city. November 12, 1900.
Lillian G. E. Hammonds, beloved daughter
of William J. and Mary J. Hammonds, and
sister of Alfred. Edith. Percy. Arthur and
Vivian Hammonds, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 1 month and 2 days.
HINCH— In the City and County Hospital, No-
vember 11. 1900. Richard Hinch. a native of
Canada, aged 45 years.
HOAG— At La Marietta Vineyard, Fowler,
Fresno County, November 10. 1900, Sarah Ann
Hoag. mother of Mrs. D. W. Parkhurst. and
Elster of Mrs. P. I. Agbury.
J. J. McMAHON. Rec. Secretary.
ELLIS— In this city, November 10. 1900. Joseph
V., beloved husband of Margery Ellis, and
father of Mrs. Belle A. Ellis and Mrs. A. W.
Scott Jr., a -red 61 years.
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at U o'clock, from the parlors of
H F Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to I. O.
O. F. Cemetery Chapel, where services will
be held, commencing at 1 o'clock.
ENGLISH— In this city, November 11. 1900,
William P., beloved husband of Nellie Eng-
lish and son of Warren and Temperance
English, a native of Wayne County, Illinois,
aged 31 years.
FISHER— In this city, November 11. 1900, Hugh
Fisher, a native of Ireland, aged 71 years.
FOLEY— In this city, November 1J. 1900. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of David Foley, and
mother of Joseph, Mamie and Thomas Foley.
a native of County Roscommon, Ireland, age5
66 years and 8 months.
(Wednesday), at 2 o clock, from her late resi-
dence, 622 Flllmore street, corner of Hayes.
Interment 1.^. O. F. Cemetery.
CARRAHER— In this city. November 10, 1900,
Michael Carraher, a native of Ireland, aged
62 years.
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
to Et. Paul's Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repoee of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. » » \«^ •
CASSIN— In this city, November 11, 1900, Frank
Cassln, a native of California, aged 40 years.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street, near Market, under the aus-
pices of the Society of California Pioneers.
Interment Masonic Cemetery. Remains at
the parlors of the California Undertaking
Company, <05 Powell street, near Post.
COFFIN— In this city, November 11. 1900, Alice.
Infant daughter of Frank M. and Johanna
F. Coffin, aged 1 month and 21 days.
COHEN— In this city, November 12, 1900, Ju-
lius, beloved husband of Dora Cohen, and
father of Isaac, .William, Rose, Ada and
Mignonette Cohen and Mrs. J. Levy, a na-
tive of Poland, aged 58 years and 9 months.
O C. F.— Officers and members of Crystal
Council No. 4, O. C. F., are requested to at-
tend the funeral of our late friend, Julius
Cohen to-mdrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock,
from his late residence, 1023 Buchanan street.
By order TRUE LOCKE, Councilor.
DOUGLASS— In this city, November 11, 1900,
William Y. Douglass, dearly beloved husband
of Maria Douglass, a native of New .York,
aged 74 years and 5 months.
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 137 Beulah street, thence to St.
Agnes Church. Masonic avenue, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his bouI, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
MEMBERS Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Asso-
ciation will assemble at headquarters. Pio-
neer Hall, 24 Fourth street, to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, to attend the fu-
neral of our late brother, Captain W. Y.
Douglass. Per order
STEPHEN BUNNER, President.ANNA BOTD, A NEW OR
PHEUM STAR.
(Photo by Bushnell.)
The Insanity Commission has postponed
Judgment until 'to-day, in. the case of Mrs.
Margaret Raabe of 147 Julian avenue.' who
was arrested > Saturday. night .on'a charge
of insanity preferred her husband,
Margaret Raabe Examined.
The Retail Clerks' Association will hold
a meeting at Red Men's Hall, 320 Po&t
street, to-night Business relative to the
early closing movement will be trans
acted.
Betail Clerks Will Meet.
Big Damage Suit. •
was" filed yesterday by the H S
Crocker Company against the Keuffel &
Essor Company to recover $100 000 da«r-
a 6 e9 for breach of contract. TheTlalnt^
2,'^^ that the defendant cSrpSraUon"
which is 'incorporated under the law" of
New Jersey, appointed the piaintffT Pa
cific Coast agents cf draufthtlnls ma
terials, engineers' supplies and survey?n«r
™™ r , Um '^ t *H but contrary to It, a K re"!
ment sold direct to other dealers to the
damage of the plaintiff In thlsSS" named"
I The California Society of the Sons of
r the American Revolution will' give a ban-
I quet on the evening of November 15 at
the Merchants' Club on the one hundred
| and twenty-third anniversary of the
; "Agreement to articles of Confederation
and perpetual union between the States "
On the programme following the menu
appear the names of Van R. Patprson
General W. H. L. Barnes. John Hunt'
Rev. Bradford Leavltt and Commander F
J. Drake. United States navy, who will
deliver addresses.
To Give Anniversary Banquet.
Action has been filed by Insurance Com
missioner Clunie to restrain I the Tontine
Insurance Company from conducting
business within this State. Upon the fllin-»
of the suit a temporary . Injunction was
issued by Judge Murasky and was mad"
returnable next Friday. Commissioner
Clunie claims that in addition to violating
the law requiring the payment of a
license by Insurance companies the com
pany is likewise violating the other laws
regulating the conduct of the Insurance
business in this State. Mr. Clunie also
charges that the Tortine Company |j
nothing more than a gambling device r o"f
the. most vicious nature, holding out to
the speculating public -visionary promises
impossible of performance.. In conclusion
the plaintiff prays that the defendant cor
poration be adjudged a fraud -and per
petually enjoined f rom -¦ further 'transao
tions. , . -
Clunie Charges Fraud.
.San Francisco, as the banner Republi
can county of California, will next Satur
day evening receive the trophy which Ala
meda wrested from Los Angeles County
The Republican Alliance, marching In uni
form and bearing torches, will leavp Oak
land at 7:30 o'clock. The Bear Club of this
?"y *;»» meet the Alliance at 8Tl5 at the
foot of Market street and escort the ban
Sfu^^ffieM^uv^r
Republican County Comm ™e of San
Francisco, will secure the banner and
Place it in the keeping of the Un^n
The Banner Is Coming.
Buries Seven Hundred Dollars in
His Garden, But a Thief Locates
the Cache. •*
Stephen Ferrerl, who conducts a nursery
on the San Bruno road, is out $700. due to
his lack of confidence in the banks' o£ this
city. Several weeks ago Ferrer! , becom
ing alarmed over "numerous robberies in
the vicinity of his home, put his money in
a common tin can and then buried it un
der about three feet of earth. Last Thurs
day one of his- employes, a man nari-ed
Ferro. disappeared and as he had been
working near the ; spot where the monev
was cached Ferreri became suspicious
and started to investigate. Going to the
spot where he had burled the treasure
he was startled to find It gone. -¦ Suspect
ing that the hired man had taken it Fer
reri went to. police headquarters and re
ported his loss to Captain of Detectives
Seymour.
It Is known that Ferro deposited J4W
in -the Columbian Bank on Friday last
and obtained a draft payable to his
brother in Italy. The next day he pu*
chased a ticket and departed for his na
tive, country. Ferreri has telegraphed to
Oils friends In Chicago to Intercept Ferro
who is due at that city to-day.
FLORIST IS ROBBED
OF A VALUABLE PLANT
Decrees of divorce were granted j-ester
day to Josa L.. Kuhn from Max Kuhn for
desertion, Eleanor W. Eavis from Chariot
W. F. Davis for neglect. Anna Meinhold
from Frederick Meinhold for cruelty and
'Klizabeth Koerilg- from Charles A. Koenltj
for infidelity. Orivlda Westerfeld secured
an order yesterday compelling: her former
husband. Herman Westerfeld, to pav her
alimony in the sum of $25 a month. "Suits
for divorce have been filed b" Margaret
McVerry ajrainst Myron T.: McVerry for
desertion, Mrs. A. Peters against Joseph
E. Peters for cruelty, L'.llan M. Pryal
against James A. Pryal for failure to pro
vide. Winifred Llllis against lOrin Lillis
for. failure to provide. Edith M. McLan
dress aganst George A. McLandress for
desertion. Mary E. Schoonover against
Charles R. Schoonover for cruelty and Jo
seph McAullffe against Maggie McAu-'
liffe for desertion.
In the Divorce Court.
He Presents a Forged Certificate of
Residence to the Chinese
Bureau Chief.
Ah Luey. a cook, wanted to po home to
China to ?pend the New Year's holidays
among his old-time frifnds. He accord
ingly went to the Chinese Bureau with
his certificate of registration and his re
turn certificate was made out In due form
But it was necessary to submit the cer
tificate of registration td the scrutiny uf
Internal Revenue Collpctor Lvnch. *Mr*
Lynch could not find any duplicate o'
number 67.200 among ihe records, and In
response to his telegraphed inquiry lh"
Secretary of the Treasury informed him
that number 67.200 nad been" issued rln
Philadelphia by Collector Brooks to Le-
Tye. . ,
Certificate number 67 SCO. ', held by Ah
I>uey. was issued to him in this citv on
February 16. 1894. by O: M. Welburri oer
Thomas P..Cusick. anS.te a forpery Th-»
penmanship Js pood, but The seal Is a verv
cliimsy imitation and the printing Is poor
Special Pevenue Agent. Burt M. Thomas
arrested Ah Luey and made a complaint
against him of being unlawfully in tho
country. • ...
AH LUEY WILL GO TO
CHINA WITHOUT COST
On or before March 4 next he will grace
fully retire from the position of United
States District Attorney to entgr upon his
duties in Congress. • The duty of recom
mending Mr. Coombs' successor as attor
ney may devolve upon Senator BarcV as
Senator Perkins has signified j a desire
that his colleague should name the man
to fill the vacancy. The applicants are
Marshall B. Woodworth, C. H. Jackson
and General ' E. S. Salomon, San Fran
cisco; Thomas L. Carothers, Mendocino;
Harry Melvin, Alameda; Judson C. Bru
sle, Sacramento:. John J. Boyce, . Santa
Barbara, and John A. Barham, Sonoma.
Senator Bard will go direct from Los
Angeles to Washington, D. C. He does
not expect to visit San Francisco before
Congress "convenes. •
Frank L. Coombs, Representative-elect
of the First Congressional District, was in
town yesterday. .
J. G. Needham, member of Congress,
representing the Seventh District of Cali
fornia, Is in the city. Mr. Needham made
a gallant canvass for re-election and the
people of his district indorsed his course
in Congress by giving him an increased
majority.
United States IHstrict Attorney-
Being Considered.
Applications for the Position of
SPECULATION AS TO
COOMBS' SUCCESSOR
Also Zlect Officers of the Local Organ
ization for the Current
Term.
The San Francisco County Miners* As
sociation met .yesterday In the rooms of
the Chamber of Commerce and elected of
ficers, an executive committee and also
delegates to the California miners' con
vention, which will be held In Golden Gate
Hall In this city next week, beginning on
Monday. Curtis H. Llndley was made
president of the county organization B. T
Lacey vice president and Charles G. Yale
secretary. The executive committee in
cludes George C. Sargent. J. H. Mooser
and Colonel George H. Wallis. These
nominations were reported by a committee
consisting of Julian Sonntag. E. H. Ben
jamin and "W. C. Ralston, and were
promptly ratified.- The delegates appolnt
od to reprosont the county organization at
the State convention are the following
named:
J. H. NefT. Thomas J. Barbour E A
Belcher. D. T. Cole. -Tohn Colcman C \V
Cross, Tirey L. Ford. Curtis H. Liridlev",
Louis Glass. R. R, Grayson, J. F Ha"l
loran. Charles G. Yale. S. P. Hendy W
C. Ralston. L. N. Harris. Genrjre W. ¦ Wal
lis. M. H. Cook. John Berminpham J R
Folsom. H. T. Lally. E. A. Rix W \
Doble. Henry Taylor. A. Carrigan. Georgp
E. Dow. Phil'n Detfpsheimer. Willis G
Dodd. W. H. McCrackcn, J. F. Hough l'
C. Clark. A. AV. Waller. Goor^e C Sar
pent. A. L. Scott. E. E. Stoddard. F. Gott
fried. J. H. Mooser. Charles II. Chase F
A. Pierce. Thomas Price. S. C. Irving." a!
J. Ralston. S. Moon«\v. John Ropenfeld
Georee Stowp. William Schaw a L Tay
lor. Morris Falk. C. W. Kellogg W W
Montague and D. E". Hayes.' '
There will be .between 500 and COO dele
gates in attendance at the Statp conven
tion next week. • The California Petroleum
Miners* Association will meet this even
inpr to elect delegates. The executive com
mittee of the California Miners' Associa
tion will meet this evening at the Union
League Club to arrange a programme for
the State convention.
COUNTY MINERS NAME
CONVENTION DELEGATES
H. E. Huntington, vice president of the
Southern Pacific, returned to the city
yesterday afternoon from New York,
where he has been a greater part of the
lime since the death of his uncle, Collis
P. Huntir.gton. Mr. H-.mtington left New
York some ten days ago, his trip to the
coast being broken by a visit to his
former home in Cincinnati and also a
ehort stay in Chicago.
Mr. Huntirgton will remain In San
Francisco until after the new year, at
least, when it Is said he will return to
New york to look after the Interests of
his late uncle's *stat<\ Mr. Huntingdon
was not Inclined to talk about his future
plans when ?et-n last evening. He was
much fatisrued and r<H>:ed parly.
He arrived here on Ihe 3 o'clock trail
and was met by Vice President J. C.
Stubbs and Genera! Manager Julius
Kni'iFohnitt. Mr. Hcntington has only
praise for thp newly t>i«»rtc-d president of
tho Southern Pacific. Charles M. Hays.
end says his election was entirely in ac
cord with his wishes. In regard to the
report 'hat he is to resign the vice prexl
dency of the bipr railrnr.d in order that he
may devote his entire »ime to the manage,
ment of the Huntinfrton estate and to tl:»
prosidciuy of, the Market-street Railway
Company. Mr. 1 Huntington was inclined to
be evasive The feeling is that there it
no great hurry about the matter, anyway.
Vice President of Southern
Pacific Returns 'From
the East.
H. E. HUNTIHGTON
IS HOME AGAIN
and It Is likely that h» will remain in the
office until Mr. Hays rets the run of af
fairs.
Although he has been expected for sev
eral days few of the officials in the bi=r
yellow building on Montgomery streor
were aware of Mr. Huntington's arrival
yesterday afternoon, and his appearance
at the office this morning is likely to
arouse more or less surprise.
"I had a very interesting trip, but I am
more than over convinced that there is no
place in Europe or America bo desirable
so interesting or so much to be admired
for all that a man cares for In life as San
Francisco and California." x
"American exhibits compared most fa
vorably with exhibits of other countries"
and the large number of awards indicate
the excellence of our productions The
fruit and wine exhibits from California
were the finest of the fair and were more
generally commended than any other All
of which makes the Callfornian prouder
of his State and more anxious than »v»r
to return to it.
"The hospitality of the commissioners
to all Americans is commendable. They
have made every one as welcome as pos
sible, and the American department hai
made itself conspicuous by giving recep
tions and concerts In the United States
Pavilion e/very night. This offered a
splendid opportunity for the Americans to
find each other, and no pleasure was moro
keen or heartfelt than that of grasping
the hand of a fellow-countryman so far
from home. The 9th of September -was
celebrated by the California contingent
with more than ordinary enthusiasm and
often that day I longed to be In San
Francisco to enjov the festivities which
we so eagerly .read about in three weeks
old papers. .
"From Italy we went to France, visiting
Nice, Monte Carlo. Marseilles and'. Paris.
The exposition Is a tremendous affair —
bigger than any one can realize; in fact.
It would take a string; of circus adver
tising adjectives to begin to describe it.
"I was much impressed with the 'Pas
sion Play* at Oberammergau. The entire
population of the village take part and
the play lasted from eight In the morn
ing until five at night. As this play i3
the. talk of the tourist all over the Con
tinent, of course a tremendous crowd
makes up the audience — people from all
over the world. It's a grand sight, but
one wouldn't care to go through the tc
dlousness of watching it all day and the
discomforts of crowded hotels, trains and
carriages to see it again.
"Another very interesting incident was
my visit to the celebration of the serv
ices at St. Peter's in Rome, where I saw
the Pope. There were over 50,000 pepple
in attendance. It is really remarkable
how the. tourist will put up with so much
inconvenience and torture of long waitin?
in vast crowds to satisfy his curiosity
and desire to see some noted personage
or thing the world is talking about.
"I put| in the first two weeks traveling
and taking things easy in the south of
Ireland along the Lakes of Killarney. I
saw everything worth seeing, Including
the Blarney stone, which, of course, I
couldn't pass without kissing. I spent
about ten days in England, most of the
time in London. The English capital Is
rapidly adopting American ways and con
veniences to facilitate the transaction of
business. American financiers have se
cured large and valuable street railway
franchises, and before long electric streut
cars will replace the old. slow omni
buses. X •»??.'*
"I left San Francisco early in June,"
said Mr. Miller. "My trip wasn't one of
pleasure entirely, however. I was anxious
to see the exposition and places In Eu
rope that I missed on former visits.
R. E. Miller, secretary and manager of
the Owl Drug Company, and wife just re
turned from a five months' trip to Eu
rope.
A Returned San Franciscan Talks In
terestingly of His European
• Trip.
ACROSS THE POND.
be known unless she consents to tell it,
but it is thought that they had a wordy
war over the money that she had bor
rowed from him. which Induced her an-1
her lover to put him out of .he way.
Lnst niRht the Chinese Six Companies
held a meeting, which was attended prin
cipally by the Wong family, of which the
deceased was a member, to discuss the
murder. It was decided to offer a reward,
the amount of which was not agreed
upon, for information leading to the con
viction of the murderer or murderers. '
rorn'ng of the murder. What convers
ion took place between them will never
After a consultation the Commissioners
decided that the case appeared to be one
of temper, aggravated by drink, rather
than insanity. Judgment was postponed
until to-day, however.
Mrs. Julia Gibbons, a sister of the ac
cused, testified that Mrs. Raabe was not
of unsound mind, and excused her alleged
eccentricities on the ground that she was
ofttimes provoked beyond endurance.
Mrs. Raabe. however, denied that she
was of unsound mind, but admitted that
she sometimes drank to excess, and
charged that her husband did likewise.
Fred Raabe. the politician. Raabe testi
fied that frequently his wife appeared to
be mentally unbalanced, and her hallu
cinations frequently resulted in an assault
being made upon him by her.
SUSPECTED MURDERERS AND
THE MOTHER OF THE AC
CUSED WOMAN.
ALMOST as much curiosity as to
the personnel 'of the audience
was manifest last night at
the Columbia Theater as In the
sweller and more classic haunts
on Mission street, for assuredly every one
who was not enjoying grand opera with
Melba and the rest was taking in Frank
Daniels and the latest Herbert success,
"The Ameer."
"You here!"
"And. you!" was heard.
"Well, to tell you the truth, I " .
"I don't mind telling you— that- 1 — '
"When it comes right down to it. I "
Arid strangely enough, the rest of the
reason, explanation or excuse was always
delivered in an impossible sotto voce, and
it is therefore quite impossible to under
stand why a stunning houseful of re
spectable theater-g-oers should be in one
place rather , than another— on Mission
street.
"The Ameer" is like all the Herbert
operas — full of bright, catchy music, a lit
tle short on songs, may be, with an ex
travaganza plot and comic situations ga
lore.
It is, of course, excellently staged. The
scenery is gorgeously picturesque, the
costumes smart, fit and splendid and the
chorus girls as pretty and shapely as they
make them. . ,
Frank Daniels, with his humorous fig
ure—he looked so comically like Mary
Marble in the inevitable Cakewalk — his
irresistible countenance and dry drollery
was admirably suited as Iffe Kahn, the
Ameer, whose various adventures as
owner of a harem, chief partner in an
up-to-date brigand plant and deceiver gen
eral to the British authorities in Cabul,
form the story of the opera.
The best voice in the company is 'owned
by William Corliss, who also has the best
cong in the opera. "In Benjamin Frank
lin's Days." a quaint, old-time air. Will
Danforth does Blakjak, the brigand chief,
with the most fetching blood-and-thund
ery, whiskery and rolling-eyed air. -Rhys
Thomas, whose sweet tenor is well re
membered here, sings the English" cap
tain's part — hardly can be said to act — and
tho Lord Chamberlain is played in a happy
sort of way by Owen Westford.
Miss Helen Redmond Is a thing of beau
ty as Constance, and has a very pre«ty
song. charminKly sung — "The Isle of Fan
tasy." Kate Uart has an excellent low
voice and a good part as Mlrzah, who has
designs on the Ameer, and Norma Kopp
is a very pretty girl who has a pretty
song, destined to become popular — "The
Poster Girl."
Tivoli.
The last week of the grand opera sea
son at the Tivoli had an auspicious open-
Ing last' night with a splendid production
of "Ernani." The principals were evident
ly on their mettle as a result of the ad
vent- of their Mission-street rivals, and
barrinpr the interminably long waits be
tween the acts the opera was sung with a
spirit and dash that were highly credita
ble. '
Nicolinl's rendering of Don Silva was
all that could be desired, and the singing
and actinjr of this capable artist were ad
mirable. The resonant quality of his voice
was heard to great advantage in the "In
felicp." and he" received a well merited en-
j At the next session of the Legislature a
bill will be introduced to reimburse Clau3
Spreckels for money advanced on the
credit of the State to relievo distressed
farmers in Monterey and San Luis Obispo
counties. If the bill becomes a law Mr.
Spreckels will immediately convey the
sum appropriated to the State University.
He has so informed President Wheeler.
Mr. Spreckels does not ask relmburs-e
j ment for himself, but he recognizes that
there is a principle involved which con
cerns the credit of the State and thereforo
consents that the measure shall be pre
sented to the Legislature, with the un
j dcrstandingihat he Is not to be the benc
i flciary in a pecuniary sense.
At the last regular session of the Leg's
lature a measure providing for his reim
bursement passed both houses without a
dissenting vote, but failed to receive ex
ecutive sanction. It is a fact well known
that Governor Budd in 1898 asked Mr.
Spreckels to advance money to relieve
destitute farmers and as Governor pledged
the honor of the commonwealth lhaf tho
money so advanced should be returned.
The principle at stake is whether Ilia
credit of the State shall be maintained.
Many members of the Legislature insist
that it should be respected— that every
dollar advanced on the honor of the State
and wisely disbursed by a commission" ap
pointed by the Governor of the State shall
be repaid. The question is wholly Inde
pendent of the disposition Mr. Spreckeis
may make of the money.
A review of the events and Incidents
of the relief movement Is not out of placa
at this time:
In the fall of 1S98 articles published in
the press drew the attention of the people
of tue State to the destitute condition of
some 500 families in Monterey and San
Luis Obispo counties. Four bad crop sea
sons, the last one a season of drought
that produced no crops and not even for
age tor stock, had reduced the ranchers
to a pitiable condition. Horses and cattle
were starving, and the farmers were
forced to sacrifice whatever livestock
they had left by selling it practically for
nothing. A few horses and cows were, all
that was left of the herds of sleek cattle
and bands of horaes that had been the
pride of every ranch before the drought
had put lts.oiight on nature. The people
themselves were destitute, and starvation
faced them unless outside aid was ex
tended.
The situation and the urgency of steps
for relief being taken at once were laid
before Governor Budd by a representative
of The Call, and it was suggested to him
that some public-spirited citizen might be
found wno would advance money under
the assurance that he would be reimburs
ed, as "was. done in 18S5, when Charles
Crocker advanced $50,000 for the support
of San Quentin Prison through an emer
gency period when no funds were avail
able.
Governor Budd appreciated the neces
sities of the case, but doubted if any one
could be found ready to advance the
amount needed. It was suggested that
Claus Spreckels be approached on the
subject, and on December 19 Governor
Budd and The Call representative went to
Mr. Spreckels and laid the matter before
him. Mr. Spreckels at once wrote a check
for $50,000. Governor Budd was delight
j ed, but said that half that amount would
j be sufficient. He explained that the re
imburspment would depend wholly upon
the Legislature's willingness to pass a
bill providing for It. Mr. Spreckels said
he was willing to advance the money and
take the chance of Its return. He was
already supporting fifty families in that
region, and had advanced $50,000 to them
to tide them over the drought season and
ur.til rains and good crops should afford
them relief. Mr. Spreckels accordingly
made out another check for $25,000 and
turned It over to the Governor.
Governor Budd at once appointed a
commission of three to control the ex
penditure of the relief fund. lie named
A. B. Spreckels, .president of the State
Board of Agriculture; Mayor James D.
Phelan and K. W. Dohrmann, president of
the Merchants' Association. The com
mission met promptly, elected L. M King
superintendent of the Merchants' Asso
ciation, as its secretary, and at once en
tered upon the work of relieving the suf
ferers.
Great satisfaction was expressed on all
sides at the prompt and practical solu
tion of the problem. Instead of the de
lay and annoyances attendant upon rais
inp a fund by popular subscription and a
possible blow to State pride bv the so
licitation of aid in the East, there' was
immediate aid, extended in a manner that
diu no violence to State or individual
pride.
In accordance with the understanding
between Governor Budd and Mr Spreck
els a bill was introduced in the Assembly
on February 2. 1899. by Assemblyman Bur
nett of San Luis. Obispo County provid
ing for the reimbursement of Mr. Spreck
els to the amount of the $25,000 that, had
I been or should be expended. The bill
passed both houses without a dissenting
vote.
The Legislature adjourned March 19 be
fore the lapse of the ten days in which
I the bill had to be acted upon by the Gov
1 ernor. The executive took no action and
on March 20 the commission In charge of
! the fund wrote to him asking what his
j Intention was. He replied, contending that
i the fund was a gift, and could not be ro
! turned from the public treasury lie
j still, however, did not veto the bill di-
I rect, but let the pocket veto kill it at
the lapse of ten days after the Legis
lature's adjournment. That was on March
29 and the next day the commission met
and decided that, although relief for the
sufferers was still needed, no i more
should be expended from the fund, in
vlew of Governor Gage's action. A total
of $11.(575 82 had been expended., The re
mainder of the $25,000 was returned to
Mr. Spreckels. Ranchers to whom relief
had been extended had forced upon the
commission their notes to the amount of
J9784 20, but these, by request of Mr
Spreckels, were returned to the makers
— • —
If Claus Spreckels Is Reimbursed for
$12,000 Given to Drought Suf
ferers, Berkeley Will Get
the Money.
Bill Killed by Pocket Veto
of Governor Will Be
Reintroduced.
UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA WILL
BE BENEFICIARY
There is a good bill at the Olympia this
week.' Mabel Hudson is clever, while
Hanlon and Singer made a hi; last night,
and every number on the bill was well re
ceived. ., •
Olympia.
The drama "The Lost Paradise" at
tracted another large audience to the Al
cazar Theater last night, and the princi
pals In the cast were called before the
curtain at the close of each act. Itjwlll
be presented again to-night, when It will
eive way to the farce "His Absent Boy,"
which is full of .amusing situations.
Alcazar.
The action of the Board of Public Works
and the Fire Wardens In condemning the
Alta Theater, on Grove street, resulted
last night in the closing of that place. No
performance was given and none of those
interested in the venture were about the
premises. Until some changes are made
in thes tructural arrangements of the
place it is not the intention of the present
management to reopen.'
The Royal Italian • Marine Band , gave
another "exceptionally good performance
at the California last night. There was a
large audience, much larger than on the
opening night, and neariy every solo *on
the programme was encored.
The band is one of the finest ever heard
In this city and should be heard by all
lovers of good music.
Pio Facol, Cesare Alessandronl and Syl
via Puerari'sang the second act from "La
Traviata" in capital style at Fischer's
Concert House last night. The three also
appeared to advantage In solos, especial
ly Alessandroni, whose barcarolle from
"La Giaconda" was a treat. Harry H.
"Walton, a clever and amusing Chinese
impersonator, was new and made a hit. as
did also Irene and Beatrice, agile acro
batic dancers. Little Claire Fex changed
her specialties and Frank and Celia Mor
ris repeated their marvelous exhibition of
strength. New moving pictures brought
an interesting programme \o a close.
California.
"A Young Wife," Tillotson's comedy
drama, on this week at the Alhambra,
may be placed among the strong plays
produced at that theater this season.
Though the play is not strictly a- comedy
there Is just enough humor sprinkled
through the lines to keep up the cheer of
the audience, which threatens at times to
ebb at the increasing tragical climaxes
woven into the fabric of the plot. Frank
Tannehlll Jr., as Horace Greengage Dob
bins, centralizes the Interest of the audl
dience and gains its approval by unmask
ing "the villain." a part weir played by
Krnest Howard. Ethelyn Palmer and
Carl Stockdale 1 are equally good In the
difficult roles they assume. The house was
well filled lnst evening, which may be ac
cepted as indicative of larger houses dur
ing the rest of the week.
Fischer's Concert House.
They kept Billy Hynes so far back on
the programme last nfght that he looked
actually nervous when he faced the
friendly critics and his critical friends.
His, stage fright caused him almost to
spoil a joke, out when he got past the girl
with the pair of thin reasons for wearing
more than one pair of stockings he bright
ened up and was not quite so bashful. He
made a hit all right, and It wasn't a
'base-bawl" hit either, when he sang.
Comic singing is his forte, and his brogue
is the genuine article. He should give a
little more- of !t In his monologue. Billy
will do: that was the verdict of the vaude
ville public last night. There still remain
a few rough amateurish angles to smooth
off. but a week or so before the footlights
will sandpaper him all over with the real
polish.
Anna Boyd Is a first magnitude star In
vaudeville, as ihe has been in comedy.
She has a rich, sweet voice, and such is
rare In vaudeville, and a Saratoga full of
beautiful costumes. Mr. and Mrs. Dan
Hiatt take well in their novelty musical
skit. Mr. Hiatt plays the violin well and
¦Mrs. Hiatt does some singing.
•The hold-overs, Jessie Couthoui. Xorah
Bayes. Dolan and Lenharr, Prelle's talk-
Ing dogs and the Dunham family are
first-class attractions.
Alhambra.
Orpheum.
core. Barbareschl sang: Elvira with much
feeling, though her acting seemed to lack
fire. Castellano's Ernanl was well done,
but he was rather uncertain in spots. He
was equal to the exacting requirements of
the part, however, and his high notes
were given with magnificent' force. Fer
rari's Don Carlos was sung with the usual
good grace of the sturdy little barytone,
and the round tones of his magnificent
voice are a joy forever.
A word must be said for the male chor
us, which gave fine support to the princi
pals. Under the lead of the* two redoubt
ables, Messmer and'Napoleonl. effective
work was done by this important adjunct
of operatic productions. Though only ten
in number, they were largely to the fore
in the concerted music and sang in jinison
at all times. The finale of the fourth act,
"Crowned With the Tempest." was sung
with grand effect and had to be repeateu.
Despite Opposition on Mission Street It Draws a
V Fine Audience— Performances in the
Other Playhouses!
"THE AMEER" IS FILLED
WITH PLEASING MUSIC
LUI TOOK AND HIS WIFE
STILL UNDER SUSPICION
Chinese Six Companies Meet With Dead Man's
Relatives and Agree to Offer Reward for
Conviction of the Murderer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY r NOVEMBER 13, 1900.
Alta.
12
f I \UE police expect to obtain suf-
I fici^nt evidence against Lui
XTook and his wife to convict
them of the foul murder of the
.iged Chinese cobbler who was
found ijj his shop with his throat cut last
Saturday evening. Yesterday the Chinese
doctor who l*»d the police to the scene of
the Moody crime told Detective Ed Gib
son that during the festival in the Chinese
quarter a few days apo tha old cobbler
accosted him and complained that Took
and bis wife had borrowed $7oO from him
and that as they were preparing to return
to China he wanted to know how he couid
compel them to refund the amount. After
beinp advised to commence suit against
them the old man walked along Waverly
place, where he met Took and the woman
whom Took claims as his wife. The cob
bler demanded his money back, when the
Chinaman and the woman turned on him
end threatened to "do him up" if he ever
Fpoke to them apain. They then walked
away, leaving the aped cobbler tearfully
bewailing- the loss of his money. Meetir.gr
the couple a short time afterward their
victim apain approached them and beggol
that he be Riven his money. His tears
and entreaties were of no avail and hurl
ir.g curyps and threats Took and the.
woman disappeared in a house close by.
Detective Gibson has learned that the
woman was in the cobbler's shop on the
we wish those great Belfast manufacturers who so favored the
new store with inside prices could have looked in upon the linen
section yesterday — looked in and viewed the great crowd of en-
thusiastic housekeepers selecting their Thanksgiving linens,
four new lots added to-day, and the sale goes merrily on.
250 dozen Turkish towels, unbleached, extra heavy, 2 qualities —
19x38 inches, each lOc
24x54 inches, each 22c
1500 yards roller toweling, 17 inches wide, all pure linen, regu-
lar 12Y2C grade, yard lOc
10 pieces table damask, bleached, 72 inches wide, all linen, fine
! weave, value 90c, yard 75c
table damask, unbleached, 70 inches wide, extra width, 45c qual-
ity, yard 33c
t!\e ehlMr'n'f .V>on _j£S§b fffl A&k$i nort bevtfiful ani
/loot — the third — ao fffSf ASu j *™ a^P |r < 3B*^ *M»*_Jjygggg> opera cortumes <rr-
re»»lble by safe. i£3f rived yestsrttay. antt
>Tno'.t\ runninp elf "^ZXaTZZ****** t/CCWg^"^ rnr.'mb'r, it U th«
vatirt or easy itair- Hair, way to blend
way. bring them to Market street, neap Sixth, opposite good tasta irtiA rei-
he visual featt. Golden Gate avenue. . tonabie price*.
Thanksgiving linens
" all roads lead to Hale's," we want your orders by
particularly Market-street mall if /ou cannot „„, M f n
cable-cars. Person.
the vigor and correctness of /
the Hale method of merchan- <$(((%
dising is exemplified in the "5^^t)rL«
new Hale building— superbly -^^^Ki.
commanding in its plainness
and rugged artistic beauty, in-
dicative alike of cleanliness
want the latest in hairdress- ' / ®*Wp
ing for the opera? if so, come \ ':^ j'
to the mezzanine floor and ask \^\j(
Mr. or Mrs. Cosgrove for the v^^^^W
marcel — the new Paris undu- •#^vPV<;
lating Style. "the Marcel."
the latest Paris style
your eyes may of hairdressing.
?^^^^§^^fe not be quite right
an d you not know it. costs you nothing
anyway to have them examined by an expert — third
floor — Dr. N. S. Casey in charge.
Weekly CaU,$1.00per Yeac
You never have a head In the mornlnsr from
drtnkinjr Jeese Moore "AA" whiskey. Try it.
P. ROSCOE McXUI/nr, M.D.
20}£ KearnySt., San Francisco. CM.
DR.MCNULTY.
niniSWEU^KSOWNAJfD RKLIABLK OLD
i Specialist care* Blood Poison, Oonorrbeea, Gleet,
Mricture, .seraliml Weakness, Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Boot on Dixwise* of Men, free.
OrpriOrearVexper'enoe.Ternn reasonable. Hour*.
9to.1daiiy;6:Wlo».:»eVKS. Sundays, 10 to li Consul-
tationfreeand3acredly confidential. Call oraddress
DB. HALL'S EELNYlGORATORg"TE|
Five hundred reward for any S^SjEisI
case we cannot cure, unis secret, f^m m«w
remedy stops all losses in !4 noun. . H__ _JS|
cures Emissions. Imiwtency. Viri- |??g w*^j
cccele. Gonorrhoea, Oleet. sits 17X1 PTJnl
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all UUJ 1^
wast'nE effects of self-abus* or HQIsHM
?xc£ S «. Sent sealed^ J2 bottle; 3 K5fff«fffrl
hrftles S.V (ruaranteed to cure any cas». Ad-
S HALL'S MEDICAL, INSTITUTE. 853
Froadway. Oakland, Car. Also for sale at 1073 1 *
Market St.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book. ' t
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
A°: ££t N :ES£f«I .ph«dW~«d Special
Tonic for the Sexual Owns for both sexes
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kld-
nevs and Itla.lder P*H» on lts own nwriti.
nejs and A » 1 *« le ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
823 Market' st.. S. F.-(Send for Circular.)
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Bet. Tajlor and Joie3.
BRANCH STORE.. ....... ..106 SIXTH ST.
SALE OF :
Women's Waists
Velvet Waists. v*' V
Something new, . tfii^K?bv
colors; .worth . : . . ijr^ < S^> . t \
English Flannel JHw%
French Flannel WaLts. : • >n Rn
Tucked all over; . all the fash- V I' nu
Ionable ! shades: regular - price # .
MOO'....................:......... im ,
Children's All-Wool Goats.
Some. half, some three-quar- CA QJi
ters and some fulllength; all v'liwJ
shades; sizes 2 to 8;>'regular r #
price $4 ..........J.....:. .... §m
Country Orders Receive Careful Attention.
Hole's.
WHEN THANKSGIVING
COMES
among other things for which to b« thank-
ful, don't forget the U. S. Laundry, which
keeps your linen clean and makes you
presentable amoni? your fellow men.
Soiled linen at a Thanksgiving dinner la
absolutely Inexcusable when you can hare
It thoroughly cleaned so cheaply at th©
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office IOO4. Market Street
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
MIBRAN'S BIG COLLECTION
NOW OUT OF THE CUSTOM-HOCSE.
— OVER—
— ixyr or—
Antique. Embroideries,
Moorish Curtains, Covers,
Venetian and Egyptian Art Furniture,
ETC.. ETC.
At Auction.
ABSOLUTELY WITHOUT RESERVE
THURSDAY, NOV. 15,
F\T 2 F». At.
STORE SOON TO BE VACATED.
EVErtTTHlN'G MUST BE SOLD.
r^'*- KIDNEY & LIVER :~ / I
BITTERS
teA-piEASftft.t * ifAXATIVE/- I
nctt: iHxaxrcATiNc I
.-¦;•,•¦'.• ¦¦'¦¦¦; >--r.::.->J>'.' ¦' g! ' :'*•' ¦ .'1..'-!" ''-1
Steinway & Sons are in pos-
> session of hundreds of artist •>' .
f testimonials commending the
Steinway and expressing their
preference for this celebrated
piano. Among the artists who-
[ i>ersonally indorse the 'Stein*
• ivay Piano are:
! nAMROSCH,
3 MANC'NELL!,
i MHLBA, '
NORDIC A.
, DE RESZKE,
j! of the Grau Opera Co..
PADEREWSKI,
PATTI,
t DE PACHMANN, .V
•>r»«E>THAL,
.-«iOl3«A,
CALVO.
I »=AMF8-STORV,
SCALCHI
\ and many other noted
; musicians,
j Visit the Steinway sales-
rooms of Sherman, Clay &
Co.. who are the Pacific Coast
dealers.
j Steinways are sold on easy
terms when desired.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
Stelnwny Piano Dealers,
«*Vw. K^aray ana Butter ets.. S. F.
-Crrr. 13th an<J Broadway. Oakland.
Cor. Park & Washington. Portland.
Til Second avenue. Seattle.
Halo's.