VOLUME LXXXIX-XO. 4.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1900. t
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Good will prevails In our relations with the
German empire. An amicable adjustment of
the long pending question of the admission of
cur life Insurance companies to do business In
Prussia has been ' reached. One of the princi
pal, companies has already been readmitted
ana the way Is opened for the others to share
the privilege.
The aenttlement of the Samoan problem, to
which I adverted in my last message, has ac
complished good results. Peace and content
ment prevail In the Islands, especially in
Tutulla. where a convenient administration
that fr*« won the confidence and esteem of. the
kindly disposed natives haa been organized
tinder the direction of the commander of the»
United States naval station at Pago-Pago.
An imperial treat Inspection law has been
enacted for Germany. While it may simplify
the inspections, it prohibits certain products
heretofore admitted. There is still great un
certalntly as to whether our well-nigh extin
guished German trade In meat products can
revive under Us new burderui. Much will ie
pend upon regulations not yet promulgated,
which we confidently hope will be free from the
discriminations which attended the enforce
ment of the old statutes.
The remaining link In the new lines of direct
telegraphic communication between the Unit«J
States and the German empire haa recently
been completed, affording: a rratlfyiaa; occay
RELATIONS WITH GERMAlTi'.
the phenomenal demand for their output, not
alone at home, but also abroad, where merit
had already won a profitable trade.
Appeals had to be made to the patriotism of
exhibitors to Induce them to incur outlays,
promising no Immediate return. ThU was es
pecially the case where lt became needful to
complete an industrial sequence- or Illustrate
a class of processes. One manufacturer after
another had to be visited and importuned, and
at times, after a promise to exhibit la a par
ticular section having been obtained, lt would
bo withdrawn, owing to pressure of trade or
ders, and a new quest would have to be made.
The Installation of exhibits, too. encountered
many obstacles and Involved unexpected cost.
The exposition was far from ready at the date
fixed for its opening. The Frencn transporta
tion lines were congested with offered freight.
Belated goods had to be hastily installed in
unfinished quarters with whatever labor could
be obtained In the prevailing confusion. Nor
was the task of the commission lightened by
the fact that, owing to the scheme of classi
fication adopted, it was Impossible to have
the entire exhibit of any one country !n the
same building or more than one group of ex
hibits In the same part of any building. Our
Installations were scattered on both sides of
the Seine and In widely remote suburbs of
Paris, so that additional assistants were need-,
ed for the work cf supervision and arrange
ment.
Despite all these drawbacks, the contribution
of the United States was not only the largest
foreign display, but was among the earliest In
place and the most orderly In arrangement.
Our exhibits were shown. In one hundred and
one out of one hundred and twenty-one classes,
and more completely covered the entire classi
fication than those of any other nation. In
total number they ranked next afer these of
France, and the attractive form In which they
were presented secured general attentlcn.
A criterion of the extent and success of our
participation and of the thoroughness with
which our exhibits were organized is seen In
the awards granted to American exhibitors by
the International Jury, namely: Grand prises.
240: gold medals. S97: silver medals. 778; bronxe
medals, 541. and honorable mentions. C2 — 2474
In all, being the greatest total number given
to the exhibit of any exhibiting nation, as welt
as the largest number In each grade. This sig
nificant recognition of merit la competition
with the chosen exhibits of all other nations
and at the hands of Juries almost wholly made
up of representatives of France and other com
peting countries Is not only most gratifying,
but Is especially valuable, since lt sets us K
the front In international questions o'f supply
and demand, while the large proportion of
awards from the classes of art and artistic
manufactures afforded unexpected proof of thj
stimulation of national culture by the pros
perity that flows from natural productiveness
Joined to Industrial excellence.
Apart from the exposition, several occasions
for showing International good will occurred.
The Inauguration In Paris of the Lafayette
monument, presented r.y the schocl children of
the VTrlte-i States, and the designing of . a
commemorative ccin by our Mint and the pre
sentation of the first piece struck by the Presi
dent of the republic, were marked by apprc^
priate ceremonies, and the Fourth of July wai
especially observed in the French capital.
SPEAKER HENDERSON OP
THE HOUSE OF REPRESEN
TATIVES.
by moral demonstrations of the physical Torc<
<jf fleets and artn», have been needed to secure
<2ue respect for the trenty rights of foreigner*
tna to obtain t&tiisfactlon from the responsible
.authorities for the sporadic outrages upon the
person* end property of unoffending sojourners,
which from time to time occurred at widely
•cKraled point. In tb« aorthrra provinces, at
t!l tb* resources of foreign diplomacy, backed
The recent troubles in China, spring from the
anti-foreign agitation which for the past three
:ear B has gained strength in the northern prov
inces. Their origin lies deep in the character
of the Chinese races and li> the traditions of
their sovernment: The Taiping rebellion and
the opening of Chinese port* to foreign trada
tnd pettleracnt disturbed alike the homogeneity
and the eeclusion of China.
Meanwhile foreign activity made Itself felt
in all quarters, not aion* on the coast, but
tlon* the great rjv«r arteries and In the r*
moter districts, carrying new ideas and intro
ducing new associations among a primitive
people which had pursued for centuries a na
tional policy of Isolation.
. The telegraph and the railway spreading
ov«r their land, the rtearoers plying en their
waterways, the merchant and the missionary
.penetrating year by year farther to the Inter
ior, ber-arre to the Chinese mind types of an
alien invasion, rhanslnr the course of their
national life and fraurht with va«ue forebod
ings of dleaster to their beliefs and thelr self- (
<ontrol. .... "!J
' For several year* before the present troubles
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3.—Presi
dent McKlnley submitted the
following message to. Con
gress to-day:
To the Senate and the Hcuse of Represen-
atives:
With the outgoing or t^e old and the incom
ing of the new century you begin "the .ast ¦ sta
tion of the Fifty-fixth Congress with evidences
on every hand of Individual and national pro*
r*>rUy and with proof of the grc-sving strength
and Increasing power 'or good of republican
institutions. Tour countrymen will Join with
you In the felicitation that American liberty U
rnor* firmly established than ever before and
that love for lt and the determination to pre
frve it are more universal than at any former
r^riod of our history.
The republic wts never so strong, berause
never eo ftrmcly intrenched In the hearts of
the peopl" as now. 'The constitution, with
few arreniment?, exists as it left the hands
cf Its authors. The additions which have been
rr.ade to it proclelm larger freedom ar.d mote
extend^ citizenship. Popular government ha»
demonstrated In Its one hundred and twent; -
four years of trial here its stability and se
curity and Its efflriency as the best Instru
ment of national development and the best
paf>ru»rd to human rights.
TVfctn the Eixth Conirrees assembled In No-
YMRber, 1S10, the population of the - Unlt»i!
States was-5,30S.4S3. It Is now 76,304.799. Thtn
we had sixteen States. Now we have fortv
five. Then our territory consisted of - &QJ.Q.»O
square miles. It is now 3.E46.595 square miles.
Education, religion and morality have kept
pace with our advancement In other directions,
and while extending Its power the government
haa adhered to its foundation principles and
abated none of them in <Se«llns with our new
peoplea and possessions. A nation bo preseri-r.l
arid bJessed glv*s reverent thanks to God anl
Invokes his guidance and the continuance of
fcls care and favor.
In our foreign intercourse the- dominant qut*.
tion haa been the treatment of the Chinese
problem. Apart from 'his our relations with
the powers cave been happy.
¦ By June 19 the legations were cut off. An
Identical • note -from "the : Yamen ordered each
"Minister to leave Peking under a promised es
cort within twenty-four- hours. To gain time
they replied,'- asking prolongation of the time,
which was 'afterward granted, and requesting
an interview, with -the Tsung L.I Yamen on the
following day.' ;No-'reply being received, on the
!of >: the 29th .the .German Minister,
Baron'Von;Ketteler,;set out for. the Yamen to
obtain a"- response and on the way was mur
ci'red. : . An attempt .by*, the legation ' guard to
' recover his'- body was ; foiled by the Chinese.
Armed forces! turned * out against the legations.
Their quarters were surrounded and attacked.
The, mission "compounds were abandoned, their
Inmates taking refuge In the British Legation,
.'where all -the other legations and guards gath
ered'for'more-effective defense..; Four hundred
lOTSona 5 were crowded j In Its j narrow ¦ compass,
. . ui r -• .• .¦-.... ¦ :•' • ..- *
LEGATIONS CUT OFF.
The sloge and the. relief of the legations have
passed into , undying history- In all the stir
ring chapter which records the heroism of the
devoted band, clinging to hope In the face of
despair, j and the * undaunted spirit that led
their relievers through battle and suffering to
the goal,-, lt la a' memory of which my country
men may be" Justly, proud," that the honor of
our flag was maintained alike In the siege and
the rescue and that .stout American hearts have
again set high, "in fervent emulation with true
m«n of every race t-r.d " language, the indomit
able courage that ever strives for the cause of
right arid Justice.. ,,V. ..
' Etill'the peril increased, the legations report
ed the devplo'pment of the 'seditious -'movement
In Peking .'and, the need of Increased provision
for defense, against t lt. , While ' preparations
were '.In progress .for. a larger expedition, to
• strengthen the legation guards and keep the
railway />pen;.an r attempt of the foreign ' shlpa
to^mak« a'landing .at Taku was met by flre
from the^Chfnese, forts.'. The forts were there
upon shelled by the foreign vessels, the Ameri
can" admiral taking* no part in the attack; on
the ground. that we. were not at war with China
and that a hostile" demonstration might consoli
date the ahtl-forelgn* elements and, strengthen
the Boxers . to oppose the relieving column.
Two days later, the Taku forts .we're captured
after a sanguinary conflict.. Severance of com
munication with Peking followed and a com
bined force of additional guards, which was
advancing to Peking by the Pelho, was checked
at Langfang. .The Isolation of the legations
was complete.
-The Chinese Government proved, however, un
able .to. check -the. rising strength of. the Boxers
and appeared t<> be a prey to internal dissen
sions. -. In the- unequal contest the anti-foreign
influences eoon' gained the ascendency under
the Iearfertrhii) of, Prince Tuan. Qrganlzed arm
ies of Boxer?,' with which the Imperial forces
affiliated. held_ the country between Peking and
the c^ast, fienetrated^lnto M&nchuria, up to the
Russian border,' knd* through their emissaries
threatened"- a" -like rise • throughout Northern
China. : .
« Attacks, upon. foreigners, .lestructlon of prop
erty..and. slaughter of native converts were re
porte^. from . all sides. The Tsung LI Yamen,
already, permeated; with hostile sympathies,
could make.no effective response to the ap
peals or the" legations. At this critical Junc
ture., in- the early', spring of this year, a pro
posal ¦ was '. made by the other powers that a
combined fleet be assembled \ in , the Chinese
waters : as a, moral 'demonstration, under cover
of which, to .'exact •¦ of the Chinese Government
respect for foreign treaty, rights and the sup
pression of the Boxers. ,
_, The'Unlted States, ; while not participating in
the Joint .demonstration, promptly sent from
the Philippines' all. ships that could be spared
for service .on the '" Chinese . coast. A ' small
force of marines was. landed at Taku and sent
to 'Peking for "the ' protection' of the American
legation.. Otherpowers took similar action,'
until some j four^ hundred men ' were assembled
in the capital '.as legation guards. '
had been sent to . Peking in the autumn of 1899
for the protection of the legation, .'was with
drawn at the. earliest practicable moment, and
all pending questions were remitted, as far as
we were concerned, to the ordinary resorts of
diplomatic lr.tercpurse.
THE" GbyERNMENT ~ HELPLESS.
Seeking to testify, confidence In the''.willing
ness and ability, of, the imperial: administration
to redreas the wrongs and prevent the' evils 'we
•u ft* * red ' and f eared,'' the • marine guard, w hlcu
. In this conclusion, which I had the gratifica
tion to announce as . a completed . engagement
to. the interested powers en March 20. I960.' I
hopefully discerned, a potential factor .for , the
abatement of the distrust. of foreign ' purposes
which, for a year past, had appeared to; In
spire the policy, of the imperial . Go\ f ernment,
and for the. effective exertion by it of ¦ power
and authority to quell the critical and fcreijin
movement In the northern 'provinces most lrni
mediately Influenced by the Manchu sentiment.
With gratifying unanimity. the responses co
incided In thl» common policy, enabling me to'
see In the successful termination of these ne
gotiations proof of the friendly spirit. which
animates the. various powers interested in • the
untrammeled development , of commerce and
Industry In the Chinese empire as a source of
vast benefit to , the whole commercial _ world.
The increasing gravity, of the conditions la
China and the Imminence of peril, to our o'wri
diversified Interests in '.he empire, .as well 'as
to those of all. the other treaty ' powers, ' were
soon appreciated by this Government, . cau.«
lr.fr profound solicitude.; The .United States
from the earliest days of foreign Intercourse
with China had followed a policy, of pea:*,'
omitting no occasions to testify gobd-will, ; to
further the extension of lawful tn-de,"^ to 're 1
*p*ct the sovereignty of lt» government,' .' an.l
to insure by all legitimate fc.nd ' kindly ' but
earnest mean* the fullest measure of protec
tlon for the lives and property of our law abid
ing citizens and for the exercise of their bene
ficent callings -among the Chinese people. ' a '
Mindful of this, lt was felt to be approprlata
that our purposes should be pronounced ' In
favor of such course as would hasten action
of th« powers at Peking to promote the admin
istrative reforms so greatly needed for
strengthening the Imperial Government and
maintaining the Integrity of China, In which
we believe the whole Western "world to be alike
concerned. To the,se ends I caused to be ml
dreseed to the several powers occupying terri
tory and maintaining spheres of influence -la
China the circular proposals of 1899, Inviting
from them declarations of their intentions and
views as to the desirability of the adoption of
measures Insuring the benefits of equality : of
treatment of all foreign trade throughout
China. - ; • . . . - . , . „
STRENGTH OF, THE BOXERS.;
. The sect " commonly • 'tyled the Boxers, -ie-.
veloped greatly'ln the' provinces north.'.of- the
Yangts*-. 1 and with' the collusion of man:\ not
able officials. Including- "»ome k\ the irnmedlai"!
counell»of the throne- Itseif., became alarmlijg
lv aggressive. --No -foreigner's, life,, o.uts.tde of
the. protected treaty ports, was . pcf e. No for
eign Interest 'was secure from spoliation. The"
diplomatic representatives of the powers In
Peking strove • in vain to check this movi
ment. Protest . was followed by, demand | and
demand by -renewed protest, to be- met with
perfunctory edicts from .the palace and evasive
8nd futile assurances from the Tsung 11 Yamen.
The circle of -.the Boxen Influence narrowed
about Peking, and while nominally, stigmatize J
as seditious, it . vai . felt.- that its spirit per
vaded the capital itself, that, .the -"_ Imperial
force* were Imbued with Its doctrines, and that
the Immediatevcouncllors of, the EmpressiDow
ager were in full sympathy with the anti-for
eign mc\-ement. . .
in. the. case. of. the outbreaks in Szechuen and
Shantung.
¦Posting of • antl-forelgn Dlacards became, a
dally occurrence, which the repeated probation
of the imperial, power failed to check or punllh.
There inflammatory appeals to the Ignorance
and" suijerstltlon ot the masses, mendacious an-1
absurd in their accusations' and deeply. TicstlV
In their spirit. . could not ; but work ' cumulative
harm. They aimed at no' particular class; o I
foreigners; they were "impartial in attacking
everything, foreign. An outbreak in Shantung.
In which German. missionaries were' slain, wa»
the. too natural result, of these malevolent pro
ceeding*. The. posting of seditious placards ex
horting the utter destruction 'of foreigners and
of foreign thlnsrs continued' rebutfed. .Hos
tile demonstrations toward the stranger gained
strength by organization. ,
It was. however, not an easy tack to assem
ble exhibits that could fitly Illustrate our di
versified resources and manufactures. Singu
larly enough our national prosperity lessened
the Incentive to exhibit. The dealers In raw
materials \ knew that the user must come, to
him;' the great factories were contented with
The year of the exposition has been fruitful
in occasions for" displaying the goodwill that
exists between this country and France. This
great competition brought together from every
nation the best in natural productions. Indus
try, science and the arts, submitted In generous
rivalry to a Judgment made all the more
searching because of that rivalry. The extra
ordinary Increase of exportatlons from this
country during the past three years and the
activity. with which our. inventions .and wares
had Invaded new markets caused much Inter
est to center upon the ¦ American exhibit, and
every' encouragement was offered In the way
of space and facilities to permit of Its being
comprehensive as a whole and complete in
every: Part-
FRIENDSHIP OF FRANCE.
A revolution In the Dominican Republic to
ward the close of last year resulted in the In
stallation of President Jlmlnez. whose Govern
ment was formally recognized in January.
Since then final payment has been made of
the American claim Id regard to the Ozama
bridge.
It is gratifying to announce that the residual
questions between Costa Rica and Nicaragua,
growing out of the award cf President Cleve^
land In 1SSS, have been adjusted through the
choice of an American engineer. General E. P.
Alexander, as umpire to run the disputed line.
His task has been accomplished to the satis
faction of both contestants.
The Insurrectionary movement which dis
turbed Colombia In the latter part of 1S99 has
been practically suppressed, although guerrillas
still operate in some departments. The execu
tive power of that republic changed hands In
August last by the act of Vice President Mar
roqula in assuming the reins of government
during the absence of President San Clemente
from the capital. The' change met with no
serious opposition, and following the precedents
In such cases, the United States Minister en
tered Into relations with the new t de facto
Government on September 17.
Conditions In Brazil have weighed heavily
on our export trade to that country. In marked
contrast to the favorable conditions upon
which Brazilian products are admitted Into
our markets. Urgent representations have
been made to that government on the subject,
and some amelioration has been effected. We
rely upon the reciprocal Justice and good will
of that government to assure to us a further
improvement In our commercial relations.
The convention signed May 24. 1S97 for the
final settlement of claims left In abeyance un
der the dissolution of the commission of 1S33
was at length ratified by the Chilean Congress
and the supplemental commission has been or
ganized. It remains for the Congress to ap
propriate for the necessary expenses of the
commission.
A boundary dispute between Brazil and Bo
livia, over the territory of Acre, is In a fair
way of friendly adjustment, a protocol, signed
in December. ISM, having agreed -on a definite
frontier and provided for its demarcation by a
joint commission.
In the Interest of expanding trade between
this country and South America efforts have
been made during the past year to conclude
conventions with the southern republics for
the enlargement of postal facilities. Two such
agreements were signed at Bolivia on April 24.
of which that establishing the money order
system Is undergoing certain changes sug
gested by the Postofflce Department. A treaty
of extradition with that country, signed on the
same date, Is before the Senate.
BOUNDARY DISPUTE ADJUSTED.
this country have been appointed. Any lessen
ing of the difficulties that our inventors en
counter in obtaining patents abroad for their
inventions, and that our fanners, manufac
turers and merchants may have in the protec
tion of their trade marks. Is worthy of care
ful consideration, • and your attention will be
called to the results of, the conference at the
proper time.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY AT HIS DESK IN THE EXECUTIVE MANSION 1 THIS '¦ PHOTOGRAPH TV AS TAKEN
WHILE HE WAS ENGAGED IN PREPARING THE IMPORTANT MESSAGE WHICH ¦ HE "SUBMITTED YES
TERDAY TO THE SHORT SESSION OF THE FIFTY-SIXTH CONGRESS. :'*-./. tjTV .-
The general bases of negotiations formulated
by the Government of the French republic have
'been accepted with certain reservations as to
details made necessary by our own circum
stances but. like similar reservations by other
power* ' open to discussion in the progress of
the negotiations. The disposition of the Em
perbr's government to admit liability for
wrongs done to foreign governments and their
reDresentatlves, and to act upon such additional
designation of the guilty persons as the for
eien Ministers at Peking may be in a position
to make, gives hope or a complete settlement
of alt questions involved, assuring foreign
rlehts of residence ! and Intercourse on terms
of equality for all the world.
, . re gard '- as one . of the essential . factors of
a durable adjustment the securement of ade
quate guarantees for liberty of faith, , since
in«<«>urltv of those natives 'who may embrace
ftlfen creeds 1b a scarcely less effectual as-
Imult u»on the rights of foreign worship and
leaching than would be the direct invasion
th The° matter of Indemnity for our wronged
Mtizens Is a question of grave concern. Meas
ured • in money alone, a sufficient reparation
Iv wove to be beyond the ability of China
tn meet All • the powers concur in 1 emphatic
disclaimers of any purpose of aggrandizement
through the dismemberment of the empire. I
" disposed, to think that .due compensation
v tH, made in part by increased guarantees
t securities for foreign rights and immuni
ties and. : most Important of all, , by the open
ing of China to the equal commerce of all the
world These , views have ; been and will be
earnestly advocated by our representatives.
1 The Government ;of: Russia has put forward
*. - u egestlon that ' in ¦ the event of protracted
. • ¦ - "*"'-¦ ¦"•'*¦*•¦ ' ' •¦ . - -N-
BASES OF NEGOTIATIONS.
••I trust 'that negotiations may begin as
soon as we and the other offended governments
shall be effectively satisfied of your Majesty's
ability and power to treat with Just sternness
the principal offenders, who are doubly cul
pable not alone toward the foreigners but
toward your Majesty, under whose rule the
purpose of China to dwell in concord with the
world had j hUherto found expression In the
welcome and protection assured to strangers."
Taking as a point of departure the imperial
edict appointing Earl Lt Hung Chang and
Prince Chlng plenipotentiaries to arrange . a
settlement, and the edict ¦¦ of September 25.
whereby certain high offlflals were designated
for punishment, this Government has moved.
In concert with the other powers, toward the
opening of negotiations, which Mr. Conger,
assisted by Mr. Rockhlll, has been authorized
to conduct on behalf of the United States.
As was then said, "the policy of the Govern
ment of the United States is to seek a solution
which may bring about permanent safety and
peace to China, preserve Chinese territorial and
administrative entity, protect all rights guaran
teed to friendly powers by treaty and Interna
tional law and safeguard for the world the
principle of the equal and impartial trade with
all parts of the Chinese empire."
Faithful to those professions, which, as lt
proved, reflected the views and purposes of the
other co-operating governments, all our efforts
have been directed toward ending the anoma
lous situation in China by negotiations for a
settlement at the earliest possible moment. As
soon as the sacred duty of relieving our lega
tion and its dependents was accomplished we
withdrew from active hostilities, leaving our
legation under an adequate guard In Peking "as
a channel of negotiation and settlement— a
course adopted by others of the interested pow
ers. Overtures of the empowered representa
tives of the Chinese Emperor have been consid
erately entertained.
The Russian proposition looking to the resto
ration of the Imperial power in Peking has been
accepted as in full consonance with our own
desires, for we have held and hold that 'effective
ieparatlon for wrongs suffered and an endur
ing settlement that will make their recurrence
Impossible can best be brought about under an
authority which the Chinese nation reverences
and obeys. While so doing we forego no jot of
our undoubted right to exact exemplary and
deterrent punishment of the responsible authors
and abettors of the criminal "acts, whereby we
and other nations have suffered grievous in-
Jury.
For the real culprits— the evil counselors
who have misled the Imperial Judgment and
diverted the sovereign authority to their own
guilty ends— full expiation becomes Imperative
within the rational limits of retributive Jus
tice. Regarding this as the Initial condition
of an acceptable settlement between China and
the powers. I said In my message of October
18 to the Chinese Emperor:
of American life and property in China and
preventing a thread "of " the disorders or their
recurrence. .
PRESIDENT PRO TEit. FRYE
OF THE UNITED' STATES
SENATE.
• Two thousand native converts were assembled,
on a near-by place under protection of the for
eigners. Lines of defense were strengthened,
trenches dug, barricades raised ¦ and prepara
tions made to stand a siege, which at once
began.
¦'•From June 20 until July 18," writes Mr.
I Conger, "there was scarcely an hour during
("which there was not firing upon some part of
our lines and into seme of the legations, vary
ing from a single shot to a general and con
tinuous attack along- ths whole line." Artil
lery wai placed around the legations and on
the overlooking palace walls, and thousands of
tLrce-inch shot and shell were, fired, destroy
ing some buildings and damaging all. So
thickly did the balls rain that when the am
munition of the besieged ran low five quarts
of Chinese bullets were gathered in an hour
in one compound and recast.
Attempts were made to burn the legations by
st-ttir.g neighboring houses on fire, but the
fl.'im»s were successfully fought off, although
thr Austrian. Belgian. Italian and Dutch le
legatlons were subsequently burned. With the
aid of the native converts, directed, by the
mlfsionaries, to whose helpful co-operation Mr.
Conger awards unstinted praise, the British
legation was made a veritable fortress. ,. The
British Minister. Sir Claude Macdonald. • was
clicsen general commander of the defense, with
the secretary of the American Legation, E. J.
Sfjulres, as chief of staff.
To save life and ammunition the besieged
srarlr.sly returned the incessant fire of the
Chinere soldiery, fighting only to repel attack
or make an occasional successful sortie for
strategic advantage, such as that of fifty-five
Americans, British and Russian marines, led
by Captain Myers of the United States Marine
Corps, which resulted in the capture of a for
midable barricade" on the wall that gravely
rmr.hced the American position. It was held
to the last and proved an Invaluable a;quisl
t!cn, because commanding the water gate
through which the relief eclumn entered.
LOSSES AT THE LEGATIONS.
Puring the sles? the defenders lost sixty-five
killed, 13> wounded and seven by disease— the
lest all children.
On July 14 the besieged had their first commu
nication with the Tsur.g Lt Yamen, from which
a message cuine Inviting to a conference, which
was declined. Correspondence, however, en
dued and a sort of armistice was agreed upon.
I which stopped the bombardment and lessened
Use rifie fire for u time. Even then no protec
tion whatever was afforded, nor any aid given,
£i>ve to send to the legations a small supply of
fruit and three sacks of flour.
Indeed, the only communication had with the
Chinese Government related to the occasional
oellvery or dispatch of a telegram or to the
Odnanda of the Tsung Li Yamen for the with
drawal of the legation to the coast under es
cort. Not only are the protestations of the
CHnese Government that it protected and suc
cored the legations positively contradicted, but
irresistible proof accumulated that the attacks
upon them were made by imperial troops, regu
larly uniformed, armed and officered, belong
ing to the command of Jung Lu, the imperial
commander In chief. . Decrees encouraging the
Boxers, organizing them under prominent im
perial-, officers,^ provUionlngj, then* „, and even
grunting them'iarge sumaMn the umuc <it the
Firs press' Dowager are' known -to exist. -Mem
berfc of the Tsung LI Yamen who . counseled
protection of the foreigners were beheaded.
Even in the distant provinces, men suspected
*>f roreign sympathy were put to death, promi
nent among these being Chang Yen Hoon, for
merly Chinese Minister in Washington.
• Wlfh »he negotiation of the partial armistice
of July 14, a proceeding which was doubtless
promoted by the representations of the Chinese
envoy in Washington, the way was opened |or
the conveyance to Mr. Conger of a test message
sent by the Secretary of State through the kind
offices of Minister Wu Ting Fang. Mr. Con
ger's reply, dispatched from. Peking on July
1C through the same channel, afforded to the
outside world the- first tidings that the Inmates
of the legations were still alive and hoping: for
succor.
This news stimulated the preparations for a
Joint relief expedition in numbers sufficient to
overcome the resistance which for a month had
been organizing between Taku and the capital.
Reinforcements sent by all the co-operating
governments were constantly arriving. The
United States contingent, hastily assembled
from the Philippines or dispatched from this
i country, amounted to some £000 men. under the
able command first of the lamented Lieutenant
Colonel Llscum and afterward of General
Chaffce.
. Toward the end of July the movement began.
A severe conflict followed at Tientsin, in which
Colonel Llscum was killed. The city was
stormed and partly destroyed. Its capture
afforded the base of operations from which to
make the final advance, which began In the
first days of August, the expedition being made
up of Japanese, Russian, British and American
troops at the outset.
• Another battle was fought and won at Yang
tsun. Thereafter . the disheartened Chinese
troops offered little show of resistance. A few
days later the Important position of Ho Si Woo
was taken. A rapid march brought the united
forces to the populous city of Tungchau, which
capitulated without a. contest.
FOREIGNERS FINALLY RESCUED
On August 14 the capital was reached. After
a brief conflict .beneath the walls the relief
j column entered and the legations were saved.
The United soldiers, sailors and marines, on
cers and men alike in those distant climes and
unusual surroundings, showed the same valor,
discipline and good conduct and gave proof
of the same high degree of Intelligence and
efficiency which : have distinguished them In
every emergency.
' ¦ The imperial family and the Government had
fled a few days before. The city was without
visible control. The .remaining Imperial sol
diery had made on the night of the 13th a last
attempt to exterminate' the besieged, which was
gallantly, repelled. • It fell to the occupying
forces to restore order and organize a provi
sional administration.
¦ Happily, the acute disturbances were confined
to the northern provinces. It Is a relief to
recall and a pleasure to record the loyal con
duct of the Viceroys and local authorities of
the southern ar.a eastern provinces. Their ef
forts were continuously directed to the pacific
control of the vast populations under their
rule and to the scrupulous observance of for
eign treaty rights.' At critical moments they
did not . hesitate to memorialize the throne,
urging the protection of the legations, the res
toration of communication and the assertion
of the imperial authority against the subver
sive element*. They maintained excellent rela
tions with the. official representatives of for
eign powers. To their- kindly disposition la
largely due the success of the Consuls in re
moving many of the missionaries from the In
terior to places of safety. In this relation the
action of the Consuls' should be highly com
mended. In Shantung j and Eastern Chill the
task was difficult, but, thanks to their energy
and the co-operation of American and foreign
naval commanders, hundreds of foreigners, in
cluding those of other nationalities than ours,
were rescued from imminent' peril.
. THE POLICY OF AMERICA.
The policy of the United States through all
this trying period; was clearly announced and
scrupulously carried out. A circular, note to the
powers, dated JulyJ 3. proclaimed our attitude,
treating the condition - In the north j as one of
virtual anarchy, ; In which the great provinces
of the south and : southeast had no share. We
regarded the local ; authorities in; the- latter
quarters as representing ' the .'- Chinese , people,
with whom we : sought , to remain In peace and
friendship. .Our declared alms Involved no war
agalnsttthe Chinese nation. .We adhered to the
legitimate , office 'of rescuing | the | imperiled , le
gations, ;' obtaining L redress [ for,- wrongs already
euflered, securing wherever , possible th« safety
_> ,.-., .'j,T '•¦ : ••* j -•¦¦.¦¦.¦:-.• •— . j--:-. !•.'•>».. :"."-.' -';""¦-»¦*-, v- ?** .
dlverernco cf views in regard to the Indemni
ties the matter may be relegated to the court
of arbitration at The Hague. I favorably In
cline to this, believing that high tribunal
could not fall to reach a solution no less con
ducive to the stability and enlarged prosperity
of China Itself than immediately beneficial 'to
the powers.
Ilatifleations of a troaty of extradition with
the Argentine Republic were exchanged on
Juno 2 last.
While the Austro-Hunsarian Government has
in many cases that have been reported of the
arrest 'of bur naturalized citizens for alleged
evasion of military service, faithfully observed
the provisions of the treaty and released such
persons from military obligations, it has in
some instances expelled those whose presence
In the community of their origin was asserted
to have a pernicious Influence. Representa
tions have been made against this course
whenever its adoption has appeared unduly
onerous.
We have been urgently solicited by Belgium
to ratify the International convention of June,
1S99. amendatory of the previous convention In
1S90, in respect to the regulation of the liquor
trade in Africa. Compliance was necessarily
withheld in the absence of the advice and con
sent of the Senate thereto. The principle In
volved has the cordial sympathy of this Gov
ernment, which in the revislonary negotiations
advocated more drastic measures, and I would
gladly see its extension, by International
agreement, to the restriction of the liquor
traffic with all uncivilized peoples, especially
in the Western Pacific.
A conference will be held at Brussels. De
cember 11, 1300. under the convention for the
protection of Industrial property, concluded at
Paris. March 20, 1883, to which delegates from
FTJIX expiation for the real culprits in China imperative within the rational limits of retributive
justice, adequate guarantees for liberty, of faith and increased guarantees of security for foreign
rights and immunities, are the essential features in the settlement of the Chinese trouble.
Lynching must not be tolerated in the United States.
The Hay-Pauncefote treaty commended to the early attention of the Senate.
Reciprocity conventions should be approved.
Duty of Congress to provide whatever further legislation is needed to insure continued parity
between gold and silver. - . .
Party in power committed to legislation to better make the currency responsible to the varying
needs of business.
War taxes should bs reducsd $30,000,000 a year.
American merchant marine should receive Federal aid.
Restraint upon such trads combinations as are Injurious and which are within Federal jurisdic
tion should bo promptly applied by Congress.
Legislation for Philippines should be along the lines of building up enduring, self-support
ing and self-administering communities.
Pacific cable needed under American control.
President should have authority to increase army to 100,000.
Grade of vice admiral in navy should be restored.
National naval reserve should be established.
Census experts should be retained in Government .service.
Amendments should be made to alien contract law.
Needed appropriations should t«? made to enable Civil Service Commission to carry on its work.
Provision should be mads for Hall of Records for Government archives in Washington.
FEATURES OF THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE
Legislation Is Urged for the Isthmian Canal
and for Ship Subsidies,
PRESIDENT McKINLEY ANNOUNCES HIS POLICY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.CONGRESSMAN KAHN.
CONGRESSMAN LOUD.
CONGRESSMAN NEEDHAM.
SENATOR PERKINS.
SENATOR BARP.
Continued on Page Three.
The King of Sweden and Norway has accept
ed the Joint' Invitation, or the" ,-< United' States.
Germany and Great Britain' to arbitrate claims
growing out of losses sustained in the Samoa n
lalands In the course of .military operations
made necessary by the disturbances in 1S33.<
A bill Is now pendlmr to. effect the. recom
mendation made In ' my ' last annual message
that appropriate' legislation be 'had to carry
Into execution article VIII of the: treaty, of
peace with Spain, by. which the United States
assumed the payment, of certain claims for in
demnity of Its citizens aralnst Spain.' I ask
that action be taken to fulfill this obligation.
By the terms of the treaty of peace the line
bounding the ceded' Philippines group in tho
southwest failed to Include several small
islands lying- west of the Bulus, which have
always been recognized ag under Spanish con
trol. The occupation of Slbutu and Cagayan
by our naval forces elicited a claim on
the part of Spain, the . essential equity of
which could not be gainsaid: In order to cure
the defect of the treaty by removing all possi
ble ground of future misunderstanding. respect-
Ing the Interpretation of IU third article, I li
rected -the- negotiation of a supplementary
treaty, which win be forthwith laid before the
Penate. whereby Spain quits all title and claim
of title to the Islands named as well as to any
and all Islands belonging to the Philippine
archipelago lying -outsldt! the lines described
In said third article,' and agrees that all sucli
Inlands shall be comprehended In the, cession
of"the archipelago as fully as If. they had been
expressly included within those lines, in con
sideration of this cession,' the" United States is
to pay Spain the sum of $100,000. •
growing out of the seizure of the Delagoa Bay
railway, has been at last determined by a fa
vorable award of the tribunal of arbitration
at Berne, to which it was submitted. The
amount of the award, which was deposited In
London awaiting arrangements by the Govern
ments of the United States and Great Britain
for its disposal, has been recently paid over
to the two Governments. - ¦ »
A lately signed convention of extradition
with Peru as amended by the Benate has been
ratified by the Peruvian Congress.
1 Another illustration of -the. policy of this
. Government to refer international disputes to
Impartial' arbitration Is eeen In the agreement
reached with Bussia to -submit the claims on
behalf of American sealing vessels seized in
Bering Sea to determination by • T. II. C.
Asser, a distinguished stateiman and Jurist
of The Netherlands. :
Thanks are due to the Imperial Russian Gov
ernment for I kindly aid rendered by Its au
thorities in Eastern Siberia to American mis
sionaries fleeing from Manchuria.
AT PEACE WITH SPAIN.
Satisfactory progress has been made toward
the conclusion of a .general treaty, of friend
ship and Intercourse with Spain In replacement
of the old treaty, which passed Into abeyance
by reason of the late. war. A new convention
of extradition Is approaching completion and I
should be much pleased were a commercial ar
rangement to follow. I feel that woshould not
suffer to pass an opportunity to reaffirm the
cordial ties that existed between us and Spain
from the time of our .earliest Independence,
and to enhance the mutual benefits of that
commercial .Intercourse which is natural be
tween the two countries.
"A» long aa the insurrection continues th#
military arm must necessarily be supreme. But
there is no reason why steps shoull not b#
taken from time to time to Inaugurate govern
ments essentially popular In form as fast as
territory is held and controlled by our troops.
To this end I am considering the advisability
of the return of the commission, or such of the
merrtbers thereof as can be secured, to aid th*
existing authorities and facilitate this work
throughout the Island:*.
"To give effect to the Intention thus expressed.
I have appointed Hon. William H. Taft of Ohio.
Professor Dean C. Worcester of Michigan. Hon.
I,uke E. Wright of Tennessee. Hon. Henry C.
Ide of Vermont, and Professor Bernard Moses
of California, commissioners to the Philippine
Islands, to continue and perfect the work of
organizing and establishing civil government
already commenced by the military authorUlen.
subject In all respects to any laws which Con
gre«s may hereafter enact.
¦ "The commissioners named will «n«et »"<* *ct
as a board, and the Hon. William H Taft •
designated ai chairman of th« board. It la
probable that th« transfer ot authority from
military commanders to cItU officers will b«
irradual and will occupy a considerable period.
Its successful accomplishment and the main
tenance of peace and order In tha meantime will
require tha most perfect co-operation between
the civil and military authorities In the islands,
and both should be directed during the transi
tion period by the same executive department.
The commission will therefore report to tha
Secretary of War. and all their actions will be
subject to your approval and control.
"You will Instruct the commission to proceed
tn the city ot Manila, where they will make
their principal office, and to. communicate with
the military Governor of the Philippine Island*
whom you will at the same, time direct to ren
der to them every assistance within his power
in' the performance of their duties. Without
hampering them by too specific Instructions.
In the message transmitted to the Consrers
on the 5th of December. 1899. I said, speaking
of the Philippine Islands:
By the spring of this year the effective op
position of the dissatisfied Tagals tr> the author
it} of the United States was virtually ended,
thus opening the door for the extension of a
stable administration over much of the terri
tory of the archipelago. Desiring to fcrtna; this
about. I appointed in March last a civil com
mission composed of the Hon. William U. Taft
of Ohio, Professor Dean C. Worcester of Mich
igan. Hon. Luke E. Wright of Tennessee, Hon.
Henry C. Ide of Vermont, and Professor Ber
nard Moses of California. The aims of their
mission and the scope of the'.r authority are
clearly set forth in Instruction* of April T,
1900, addressed to the Secretary of War. to b«
transmitted to them.
still sufficient to beget insecurity ajnonf the
populations that have felt the good results of
our control and thus delay the conferment
upon them of the falter measures of local self
government,' of education and of industrial and
agricultural development which we stand ready
to give to them.
r!on for exchange of trlrnflly congratulations
with th» German Empercr.
Our friendly relations with Great Britsin
continue. The war in Southern Africa lntro
<iuc-e<l important questions. A condition un
usual ir international wars was presented ;n
that while one belligerent had control of the
F«-as. the other had no ports, shipping or direct
%m4e. but was or.ly accessible through the ter
ritory of a neutral. Vexatiou* questions aros:
thrrmgh Great Britain's action in re5:>ect to
n«itra] eantoes, not con'.raband In their Mrs
rature. rhipped to Portuguese South Africa rn
the *oore of probable r,r sutoeeted ultimate
f^ytination to the Boer rtitep.
Puch oonyifrrmrrt? in Britten ships, by whirh
a'.one direct trade is kept up with our ports
end Southern Africa, were seized in application
fit a municipal law prohibiting British vessel*
from trading tvith the enemy without regarl
to any contraband character of "^»? good*,
•while carrots shipped to I>elagoa Cay in neu
tral V.rttems were arrested on the tround of
£']ejr»-d destination to the enemy** country.
Appropriate representation on our part resulted
in the British Government agreeing to pur
<ha*e outrlpht all *uch gcods shown to be th»
cttual properly if American citizen*, thu«
cluing the Incident to the satisfaction of th?
immediately interested parl:e*. although unfer
•ti'.natelr, without a broad settlement of th'r
question of a neutral's rght to send goods not
<-ontrab«nd per fe to 1 neutral port adjacent
to a bellicerer.t trea.
TEE ALASKAN BOUNDARY.
The work of marking certain provisional
r^urySary rolntt for convenience of adminis
tration, around the head cf Lynn Canal, in 4:.
enrtjacce tilth the temporary arranarement of
October. I?**, was completed by a joint survey
In July last. The modus vivendi has »o far
¦worked without friction and the Dominion
Oovc-rriTnent has provided rules and regulatt jn*
'or fecurine to cur citizens the benefit of re-
clproral ftirmlsticn that the citizens or fub-
Jeots of either power f >".nd by that arrange
ment within the temporary Jurisdiction of the
other shall rafter no diminution of the rights
end privileges they have hitherto enjoyed. But
however necessary such an expedient may have
l-«^n to tide over the grave emergencies of th<>
>¦¦:::.'•: r. it is at best but an unsatisfactory
makeshtft v.hirh should not be suffered to
<2p1sv the irpeedy and complete establishment
or the frontier Hr.e to wh:ch we are entitled
und^r the Rosso-American treaty for the ce*
*i"n o' Alaska.
In tM^ reletion I may refer again to the
n*"vj «>f definitely marking the Alaskan bound
ary Micja it follows the one hundred and
lerty-flrft meridian. A convention to that er.d
h»f b<-*n before the Senate for some two years,
tut a* no action has been taken, I contemplate
n»-BotlRtir.(f a new convention for a Joint d»
t<«rTn!nallcn cf the meridian try telescopic «>b-
FTvsti'jr.?. Th<^«\ tt is believed, will give
im-re accurate and unquestionable results than
tfce tidercal mnhods heretofore independently
JV/li'jweiS. which, a* is known, proved dls
<rej>ant ft several points on the line, although
r.nt varying at ar.y f'lac? more than 700 feet.
The pending claim of R. H. May against th<"
Guatemalan Government ha* been settled by
arbitration. George F. B Jenner, British Min
ister at Guatemala, who van chosen »s sole
crbttrator. havin* awarded $143,730 7J In gold
to the claimant.
Various AmTjr-an claim* against Haytl have
beta or are beinr advanced to the resort of
erbitration.
Ac the result r>T nerotiationn with the G-w
*rnment of Honduras in retard to the indem
nity d< rr.anfled for the murder of Frank H.
Tet.rr in Hnndurai". that Government has pi.ld
|;«.0*) In settlement of tn* claim of the helm.
The BMasfinstlon of Kine Humbert called
Jtrth rlnrere eTpr***lons of ttorrow from tht*
Government snd people, Una occasion was Otly
tfcken to te5tify to the Italian nation the high
regard here felt for -he memory of th«
.larr.erit'd ruler.-: M''*
In my last mwnfc I referred at consider •
• hie length to the lynching r>f five Italians at
• Tallulah. Notwlthrtan'iln* the efforts of t.vt
Fe<Jrrsl Government, the production of evi
dence tending to Inculpate the authors of thl*
UMmi offense acainrt our civilization, mid
thf repeated InqueM* pet on foot by the author.
lti*s of the Ptate of I/out'iana. no punishment*
have followed, fuccefsive Grand Juries have
f*i!»4 to IniJi^t. The reorefwrrtatlons of t'ja
¦ Itelian Government In the fae» of this mlsear
rta£e have been mo*t temperate and Just. Set
tinr the principle at Isvue high above all con
*riteration of merely pecuniary Indemnification.
ruch M tfcls Government made In the thr.'e
previous case*. Italy has solemnly invoked the
r>> dgrs of (he existinx treatr and asked that the
¦ Justice to which rite Is entitled chall be meted
out In regard to her unfortunate countrymen in
cur territory with the rame full measure she
r.erwlf would rive to *ny Americrn, were nls
reciprocal treaty rifrht* contemned.
I renew the urgent recommendations I made
!».« year Ihst the Congress appropriately -onfer
Hpoa the Federal rourts Jurisdiction In ihls
f isFfr of International cases where the ultimate
ft*pcmslblllty of the Federal Government may
be involved, and I Invite action upon the bills
to acromplifh this which were Introduced In
' the (Senate and Hou?e. It is Incumbent upon us
. to remedy the statutory omission which has led.
and may lead again, to such untoward results.
I have pointed out the necessity and the prece
dent for legislation of this character. Its. enact
ment is a simple measure of previsory Justice
toward the nations with which we as a sover
eign equal make treaties requiring reciprocal
observance.
While the Italian Government naturally re
rsrds such action as the primary and. indeed,
the most ersentUl element in the disposal of
the Tatlulah incident. I advise that, in accord
ance with precedent, and in view of the im
r-rcbal>ility of that particular case being
rer.ehed by the bill now pending. Congress
n:eke gracious provision for indemnity to the
Italian eufferers in the same form and propor
tion as heretofore. In my inaugural address I
nierred to the general subject of lynching tn
tLcse words:
"Lynching must not be tolerated in a great
and civilized country like the United States;
a i;rts. not mobs, must execute the penalties of
the law. The preservation of public order, the
right of discussion, the integrity of courts, and.
the orderly administration, of justice must con
tinue forever the rock of safety upon which
cur Government securely rests."
This I must urgently reiterate and again in
vite the attention of my countrymen to this re
rtoach upon our civilization.
DEVELOPMENT OF JAPAN.
The closing year has witnessed a decided
strengthening of Japan's relations to other
states. The development of her independent
Judicial and administrative functions und-r the
treaties which took effect July 17, 1$99, has pro
ceeded without international friction, showing
the competence of the Japanese to hold a fore
most place among the modern peoples.
In the treatment of the difficult Chinese
problem, Japan has acted In harmonious i.on
ctrt with the other powers, and her generous
cr -operation materially aided In the Joint re
lief of the beleaguered legations in Peking and
in bringing about an understanding prelimin
ary to a settlement of the issues between the
powers and China. Japan's ' declarations In
favor of the Integrity of the Chinese empire
and the conservation of open-world trade there
with have been frank and positive. As a factor
for promoting the general intercuts of peace,
crder and fair commerce in the far East, the
influence of Japan can hardly be overestimated.
The valuable aid and kindly courtesies extend
ed by the Japanese Government and naval offi
cers to the battleship Oregon are gratefully
appreciated.
Complaint was made last summer of the dis
criminatory enforcement of. a bubonic quaran
tine against Japanese on the Pacific Coast and
of Interference with their travel in. California
,and Colorado under the health laws of those
'states. The latter restrictions have been ad
judged by a Federal court to be unconstitution
al No recurrence of either cause of complaint
Is apprehended. • ' ' •
No noteworthy Incident has occurred In our
rt-latlons with our Important southern neigh
bors. Commercial Intercourse with Mexico con
tinues to thrive and the two Governments neg
lect no opportunity to foeter their mutual In
terests in all practicable ways. '
Pursuant, to the declaration of the Supreme
Court that the awards of the late joint com
mission in the La Abra ant} Well claims were
obtained through fraud, the sum awarded In
the first case, $402,030 OS, has been returned to
Mexico, and the amount of the Well award will
b* returned in like manner.
A convention Indefinitely extending the 'time
for the labor* of the United States and Mexi
can International (water) Boundary Commis
sion has been signed.
HAGUE TREATY RATIFICATION.
It Is with satisfaction that I am able u, an
r.cunce the formal notification at The Hague,
on September 4. of the depoclt of ratifications
of the convention for the pacific settlement of
thf international disputes by sixteen powers,
namely, the United State*. Austria, Belgium,
I>nmark. England. France, Germany, Italy,
IVnrta. Portugal, Roumania, Russia, Stam,
Pi-n'n, Sweden and Norway, and The Nether
lrr.de. Japan has since ratified the convention.
The administrative council of the permanent
COUtt of arbitration has been organized and has
adapted rules of order and a constitution for
the International arbitration bureau. In ac
cordance with- Article XXIII of the convention,
piovidlng for the appointment by each signa
tory power of persons of, known competency in
q'lertlons of international . law as arbitrators,
I have appointed as members ' of this court,
Hon. Benjamin Harrison of Indiana, ex-Presl
d<nt of the United States; Hon. * Melville W.
Fuller of Illinois, Chief Justice of the United
States: Hon. John W. Grins of New Jersey,
Attorney-General of the' United States, and
Hon. George Orsy of Delaware/a Judge of the
Circuit Court of the United States.
As an incident of the brief revolution tn the
Mosquito District of Nicaragua, early in 1899,
the Insurgents forcibly collected from Ameri
can merchants duties upon imports. On the
restoration of order the Nlcaraeuan authorities
demanded a second payment of such duties on
the ground that they were due to the titular
Government, and that their diversion had aided
the revolt. , . , ¦ .'
This position was not accepted by us. After
piolcnged dlecuaslon a compromise was effected,
ux.der which the amount of the second fc>ay-
"It Is apparent that uniformity of legisla
tion upon this- subject in toe several States Is
much to be desired. If Is u> be hoped that
such uniformity, founded in a wise and Just
discrimination between what Is Injurious and
what Is useful and necessary In business oper
ations, may be obtained, and that means may
be found for Congress, within the limitations
of its constitutional power, so to supplement
an effective , code of State legislation as to
make a complete system of laws throughout
the United States adequate to compel a gen
eral observance of the. salutary rules to which
I have referred." ' _: . :
The whole question Is'so Important and far
reachlng that I am sure no part of It will be
In my latt annual message to Congress I
called attention to the necessity for early ac
tion to remedy such evils as might be found
to exist In connection with combinations of
capital organized Into trusts and again invite
attention to my discussion of the subject at
that time, which concluded with th?se words:
COMBINATIONS AND TRUSTS.
The attention of Congress Is invited to the
recommendation of tlw Secretary of the Treas
ury In his annual report for legislation In
behalf of the revenue cutter service and favor
able action is urged.
I recommend that the Congress at Its pres
ent session reduce the Internal revenue taxes
Imposed to meet the expenses of the war with
Spain in the ouirt of *30.0no,000. This reduction
should be secured by the remission of those
taxes which expedience has shown to.be the
most burdensome to the industries of the peo-
P I especially urge that . there be Included In
whatever reduction Is made the legacy tax on
bequests for public uses of a literary, educa
tional or charitable character.
American vessels during the past three years
have carried about 9 per cent of our exports
and Imports. Foreign shipa should carry the
least not the greatest part of American trade.
The remarkable growth of our, steel Indus
tries, the progress of shipbuilding for the do
mestic trade and our steadily maintained ex
penditures for the navy have created an oppor
tunity to place the United States in the first
rank of commercial maritime powers.
Besides realizing a proper national aspiration,
this will mean the establishment and healthy
growth along all our coasts of a distinctive na
tional industry, expanding the field for profit
able employment of labor and capital. It will
increase the transporatlon facilities and reduce
freight charges on the vast volume of products
brought from the Interior to the seaboard for
export, and will strengthen an arm of the na
tional defense upon which the founders of the
Government and their successors have relied.
In again urging Immediate action by Con
gress on measures to promote American ship
ping and fn-elgn trade. I direct attention to
the recommendations on the subject In pre
vious messages, ,and particularly to the opinion
expressed in the message of 1899:,
"I am satisfied the Judgment of the country
favors the policy of aid to our merchant ma
rine, which will broaden our commerce and
markets and upbuild our Bea->carryln* capacity
for the products of agriculture and manufac
ture, which, with the increase of. our navy,
mean more work and wages j to our country
men as well as a safeguard to American Inter
ests In every part of the word."
The Imports for the year amounted to $«43.
941.1S4, an Increase over 1899 of $152,792,633. This
Increase is largely In materials for manufac
ture, and Is In response to the rapid develop
ment of manufacturing in the United States.
While there was imported for use in manufac
tures In 1900 material to the value of $79,768,973
in excess of 1S89, It is reassuring to observe
that there is a tendency toward decrease in the
importation of articles manufactured ready
for consumption, winch in 1900 formed 15.17
per cent of the total Imports, asalnst 15.54 per
cent in 1S99, and 21.G9 per cent in 1S96. .
Agricultural products were also exported dur
ing 1900 in greater volume than In 1953. the total
for the year being $835,858,123, against $784,776,
142 in 1S99.
Our foreign trade shows a remarkable record
of commercial . and Industrial progress. The
total of Imports and exports for the first' tlm<?
in the history of our country exceeded two
billions of dollars. The exports are greater
than they have ever been berore, the total for
the fiscal year 1900 being $1,394,483,082, an In
crease over 1899 of $167,459,780. an 'increase over
1S98 of .$163,000,732, over 1S97 of $343,459,526 and
greater than 1836 by $311,876,144.
The growth of manufactures In the United
States is evidenced by the fact that exports of
manufactured products largely exceed those of
any previous year, their value for 1900 being
$433,851,756. against $339,592,146 in "1899, an in
crease of 28 per cent. "
The party in power is committed to such leg
islation as will better make the currency re
sponsive to the varying needs of business, at
all seasons and In all sections. ¦• '* •
A large Increase in national bank circula
tion haa resulted from the provisions of the
act which permits national banks to Issue cir
culating notes to the par value of the United
States bonds deposited aa security, instead of
only 90 per cent thereof, as heretofore.* The
increase In circulating notes from March 14 to
November 30 is $77,899,570.
The 'important matter of an interoceanic
canal has assumed a new phase. Adhering to Its
lefusal to reopen the question of the forfeiture
of the contract of the Maritime Canal Com
pany, which was terminated for alleged non
execution in October, 1>>99, the Government ot
Nicaragua has since supplemented that ac
tion by- declaring the so-Ptyled Eyre-Cragin
option void for .nan-payment of the stipulated
; advance. Protests In relation to these act?
j have been filed In the State Department and
are under consideration. Deeming Itself re
lieved from existing engagements, the Nicara
guan Government shows a disposition to deal
freely with the canal question either in the
way of negotiations with the United States or
by taking measures to promote the waterway.
Overtures for a convention to effect the
i building of a canal under the auspices of the
j United States are under consideration. In the
¦ meantime the views of Congress upon the sub
! Ject. in the light of the report of the committee
appointed to examine the comparative merits of
the various trans-lsthmlan ship canal projecta,
may be awaited.
I commend to the early attention of the Sen.
ate the convention with Great Britain to facili
tate the ¦ construction of such a canal and to
i remove any objection which might arise out of
j the convention commonly called the Clayton
j Bulwer treaty.
j' The long standing contention with Portugal,
mt-nts was deposited with the British Consul at
San Juan del Norte. In trust until the two
Governments should determine whether the first
payments had been made under compulsion to
a "de facto" authority. Agreement as to this
was not reached, and the point was waived by
the act of the Nicaraguan Government In re
questing the British Consul to return the de
pesits to the merchants.
Menacing differences between several of the
Central American States have been accommo
dated, our Ministers rendering good offices
towcrd an understanding.
Progress In the hoped-for direction has been
favorable. Our forces have successfully con
trolled the greater part of the islands, over
coming the organized forces of the insurgents
and carrying order and administrative regu
larity to all quarters. What opposition remains
Is for the moot part scattered, obeying no con
certed plan of strategic action, operating only
by the methods common to the traditions of
guerrilla warfare, which, while ineffective to
alter the general control now established, are
In my last annual message I dwelt at soxna
length upon the condition of affairs la the
Philippine*. While seeking to Impress upon
you that the grave responsibility of the future
government of those islands rests with th«
Congress of the United States, I abstained
from recommending at that time a specific and
final form of government for the territory
actually held by the United States forces and
in which as Ions as Insurrection continues the
military arm must necessarily be supremo. I
stated my purpose, until Congress ' ¦hall have
made known the formal expression of ita will,
to use the authority Tested in me by the con
stitution and the statutes to uphold tb« Sov
ereignty of the United States in these dis
tant islands as in all other places where our
flatr rightfully floats, placing, to that end, at
the disposal of the army and navy all the
means which the liberality of Congress and
the people have provided. No contrary expres
sion of the •will of -Congress having been made
I- have stead f astir pursued the purpose ao de
clared, employing the civil arm as well toward
the accomplishment of pacification and. the In
stitution of local governments within the linn
of authority and law.
Restraint upon such combinations aa ar« in
jurious and which are within Federal Jurisdic
tion, should b« promptly applied by Congress.
lightly considered, but every phase of It will
hav* the studied deliberation of Congress, re
sulting in wise and judicious action.
It is -worthy of . mention that . the greater
number of. banks being organized under the
new law are In; sections where the need of
banking facilities has been most . pronounced.
Iowa > stands first . with '.. thirty banks of . the
smaller class, while Texas, • Oklahoma, Indian
Territory .and the Middle Western' sections of
the country hav» also availed • themselves
largely of. the. privileges under, the new law.
ORGANIZATION OF BANKS.
Another effect of the operation, as stated by
the Secretary, is to reduce the charge upon
the . treasury for the payment of interest from
the dates of refunding to February 1, 1901, by
the sum of more than $7,000,000 annually.
From February 1. 1904, to July 1, 1907, the an
nual Interest charge will be reduced by the
sum of more'than $5.00*. 000. and for ihe thir
teen months ending August 1. 1908, by about
$1,000,000. The full details of the refunding
are given in the annual! report of the Secre
tary of the Treasury.
The . beneficial effect of the financial act of
1900. as far as it relates to the modification of
the national banking act, is already apparent.
The provisions for the Incorporation of national
banks with a capltalof not less than $25,000 in
places not exceeding 3000 Inhabitants has re
sulted [ in the extension of banking facilities
to many small . communities, hltljerto unable
to provide j themselves with banking Institu
tions under 'the national system. There were
organised from the enactment of the law up
to and Including November 30..3S9 national
banks, of which 26« were with capital leea than
$50,000. and 103 with capital of .$50,000 or
more. _ • . |
The law of March 14, 1900, provides for re
funding into 2 per. cent thirty-year bonds,
payable, principal and ' interest,' In gold coin
of the present standard value, that portion of
the public debt represented by the '3 per cent
bonds of 1908, the 4 per cents of 1907 and the
5 per cents of 1904, of which there were out
standing at the date of said law $839,149,930.
The hojders of . the old bonds presented them
for exchange between March 14 and November
30 to the amount of $361,943,750. The net saving
to the Government on these transactions ag
gregates $9,106,166.
It will be the duty, as I am sure It will b«
th« disposition, of the Congress to provide
whatever further legislation is needed to In
sure the continued parity, under all conditions,
between our two forms of metallic money, sil
ver and gold. .
Our surplus revenues have permitted the
SecretaryNof the Treasury slnee the close of
the fiscal year to call In the funded loan of
1891, continued at 2 per cent. In the sum of
$25,361,800. To and including November 30,
$23,458,100 of these bonds have been paid. This
sum, together with the amount ¦ ' which may
accrue from further redemptions under the
call, will be applied to the sinking fund.
and bullion, held for the redemption of United
Slates notes. If this form were, pursued, the
cush balance, including the present gold re
serve of $150,000,000. would be $289,303. 794 50.
Such balance November 30, 1899, was $396,495,
301 5T>. In the general fund, which Is wholly
separate from the reserve and trust funds, there
was on November 30. $70,090,073 15 in gold coin
and bullion, to which should be added $22,957,
300 In gold certificates subject to issue, against
v/hlch there Is held in the division of redemp
tion gold coin and bullion, making a total hold-
Ing of free gold amounting to $33,047,373 15.
Because of the excess of revenues over expen
ditures, the Secretary of the Treasury was en
abled to apply bonds and other securities to the
sinking fund to the amount of $56,544,556 06.
The details of the sinking fund are set forth
l.i the report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
to which I Invite attention. The Secretary of
the Treasury estimates that the receipts for the
current fiscal year will aggregate $380,000,000,
and the expenditures $000,000,000, leaving an ex
cess of revenues over expenditures of $SO,000,000.
The present condition of the treasury Is one
of undoubted strength. The available cash bal
ance November 30 was $139,303,794 50. Under the
form of statement prior to the financial law of
March 14 last, this would have been included
In the statement of available cash, gold coin
It Is gratifying .also to note that during the
year a considerable reduction is shown In the
expenditures of the Government. The "War De
partment expenditures for the fiscal year 1900
were $134,774,767 78, a reduction of $93,06G,4S« 69
over those of 1S99. In the Navy Department the
expenditures were $55,953,077 72 for the year 1900.
as against $63,942,104 25 for the preceding year,
a decrease of $7,983,026 53. In the expenditures
on account of Indians there was a decrease In
1900 over 1899 of $2,630,604 3S; and In the civil and
miscellaneous expenses for 1900 there was a
reduction Of $13,418,065 74. '-. i ¦•-.-¦"-
REVENUES RAPIDLY INCREASE.
of which from 1894 to 1839, inclusive, amounted
to J2S3.022.991 14. The receipts for the year from
all sources, exclusive of postal revenues, aggre
gated $567,240,851 89, and expenses for all pur
poses, except for the 'administration of the
postal department, aggregated $487,713,791 71.
Ihe receipts from customs were $233,164,871 16,
an increase over the preceding year of $27,036,
3i3 41. Receipts from internal revenue were
$2?5,327,826 78, an increase of $21,890,7«5 25 over
1539. The receipts from miscellaneous sources
were $38,74S,053 97, as against $38,394,976 92 for
the previous year. - .
- It is gratifying to be able to state that the
surplus revenues for the fiscal year, ended June
80. 190O. : were $79,627,060 1*. - For the six. preced
ing years we had only deficits, the aggregate
The practical utility of the "consular service
In obtaining a wide range of information aa to
the Industries and commerce of other countries
and the opportunities thereby afforded for in
troducing the sale of our goods have kept
steadily in advance of the notable expansion ol
our foreign trade, and abundant evidence has
tx-en furnished, both at home and abroad, of
the fact that the consular reports. Including
meny from our diplomatic representatives, have
to a considerable extent pointed out ways and
means of disposing of a great variety of manu
factured goods which otherwise might not have
found sale abroad.
Testimony of foreign observer* to the com
mercial efficiency of the consular corps seema
to be conclusive, and our own manufacturers
and exporters highly appreciate the value of
the services rendered, not only In the printed
reports, but also l In the individual efforts of
consular officers to promote American trade.
An increasing part of (he work of the Bureau
ot Foreign Commerce, j whose primary duty it
is. to compile and print the reports, is to an
swer inquiries : : from trade organizations, Lusl
ness houses, etc., as to conditions in various
parts of the world, : and, notwithstanding the
sniallness of the force employed,, the, work has
been so systematized that responses are made
with such promptitude and accuracy a* to elicit
lettering encomiums. .; The experiment of print-
Ing the consular reports dally for immediate
use! by trade bodies, exporters and the press,
which was begun in January, 1898/ continues to
givegeneral satisfaction. . .
UTILITY OF CONSULS.
The bureau of the American Republics contin
ues to discharge, with the happiest results, the
important work of promoting the cordial rela
tions between the United States and the Latin-
American countries, all of which are now act
ive- members of the International union. The
bureau has been instrumental in bringing about
the agreement for another international Ameri
can congress, which is to meet In the City oi
Mexico in October, 1901. The bureau's futurt
for another term of ten years Is assured by th«
International compact, but the congress will
doubtless have much to do with shaping new
Hr.es of work and ft general policy. Its use
fulness to the Interests of Latin- American trade
Is widely appreciated and shows gratifying de
velopment. •
The exposition of the resources and products
of the Western hemisphere to be held at Buf
falo next year promises Important results, not
only for the United , States, but for the other
participating countries. It In gratifying that
the Latin-American States have evinced the
liveliest Interest, and the fact that an interna
tional American congress will be held in the
City of Mexico while the exposition Is in pro
gress encourages the hope of a larger display
at Buffalo than might otherwise be practicable.
The work of preparing an exhibit of our na
tional resources Is making satisfactory pro
gress under the direction of different officials
of the Federal Government, and the various
Etntes of the Union have shown a disposition
toward the most liberal participation in the
enterprise.
This Government deslrts to preserve the most
Just and amicable commercial relations with
all foreign countries, unmoved by the Industrial
rivalries necessarily developed In the expan
sion of international trade. It Is believed that
the foreign Governments generally entertain
the same purpose, though in some Instances
there are clamorous demands upon them for
legislation specifically hostile to American ln
t< tests. Should those demands prevail. I shall
communicate with the Congress with the view
of advising such legislation as may be neces
sary to meet the emergency.
The policy of reciprocity so manifestly rests
upon the principles of International equity and
has been so repeatedly approved by the people
of the United State*, that there ought to be no
hesitation In either branch of the Congress In
giving to it full effect.
The failure of action by the Senate at its last
session upon the commercial conventions then
submitted for its consideration and approval,
although caused by the great pressure of other
legislative business, has caused much disap
pointment to the agricultural and industrial
interests of the country, which hoped to profit
by their provisions. The conventional periods
for their ratification having expired, it became
necessary to sign additional articles extend
ing the time for that purexjse. This was re
quested on our part, and the other Governments
Interested have concurred, with, the exception,
of one convention, in * respect to . which no
formal reply has been received.
COMMERCIAL AGREEMENTS.
Slnee my : . last communication to Congress
on this subject special commercial agreements
under the third section of the. tariff act have
been proclaimed with Portugal, with Italy and
with Germany. Commercial conventions under
the general limitations of the fourth section
of the same act have been concluded with Nic
aragua, with Ecuador, with tfie Dominican Re
public, with Great Britain on behalf of tlvi
island of Trinidad, and with Denmark on o*
half of the island of St. Croix. These will be
early communicated to the Senate. Negotia
tions with other governments are In progress
for the improvement and security of our com
mercial relations.
Our claims upon the Government of the Sul
tan for reparation for injuries suffered by
American citizens in Armenia and elsewher"
Rive promise of early and satisfactory settle
ment. His Majesty's good disposition in this
regard has been evinced by the Issuance of an
irade for rebuilding: the American college at
Harpoot.
CALL BUREAU. 14^>6 G STREET
N. W.. WASHINGTON. Dec. 3 —
Call representatives interviewed
the California' Senators and mem
bers of the House of Representa
tives en the President's message nnd mat
ters of importance pending in Congress
and of special interest to the Pacific
Coast.
Senator Bard paid:
"Ii if too early to predict what wii! be
accomplished at this session; we only
know what will he attempted. With four
teen appropriation bills and the army re
orpanization bill f> pass and or.ly three
months in which to pass them,
it is inevitable that a large *hare
of ether attempted legislation must
fail for lack of time. There will
be an effort to bring the shipping bill
to a vote as early as pcsFible. and It will
j rohatly j-.a^s after being considerably
emendfd. The Nicaragua car.al question
will presumably have the next right of
¦way-. <"r>nsiii<rr»tif n of the Hay-P/tunce
fote treaty will necessarily be complicated
with the discussion of the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty. One point in connection wiih the
!apt-nr.nred trenty which has not yet been
<5isrurred is the fact that it specifically
prohibits both England and the United
States forever acquiring any territory or
sovereignty in another part of Central
LOUD ON LEGISLATION.
Representative Loud said:
"I always think it idle to discuss a
President's message until it has been
carefully read and thoroughly digested. I
have not yet had time to do so, but from
a casual examination of it will say it
appears to be a thoroughly business-like
document throughout. Just euch as we
would expect from the President. As for
bills pending In Congress will say I have
no means of knowing whether the canal
bill or ship subsidy bill will be passed at
this session. I know that at the very
first opportunity Senator Frye. chairman
of the Committee on Commerce, will at
tempt to sidetrack the canal bill by call
ing up the ship subsidy bill. I have va
rious measures to propose for California
improvements, but as my bills are not yet
perfected, I cannot, discuss them, at this
time."
Representatives Barn am and Waters
have not yet arrived at Washington.
building bill passes this season I believe
I'll succeed. We want relief for the own
ers of private property in our national
parks, and increased appropriations M
build roads and trails. The roads Into the
Yosemite should be marie free from toll
and a wagen road built up the Merced
River. I sincerely hope we will begin the
work of building storage reservoirs as
this matter cannot be much longer post
poned. This will be a busy session, but
I think we will work and avoid necessity
for an extra session."
full and complete report Is made by that
commission and the United States Su
preme Court has determined the questions
now pending before it in regard to our
new possessions, it would be, to say the
least, unwise to legislate concerning theso
Islands. The President's message is a calm
and dispassionate review of the finan
cial. Industrial and commercial condition*
of this country and of our relations with
foreign countries. His recommendation
for the construction of a cable between
the United States and Hawaii, with ex
tension to Manila, will receive the hearty
indorsement of all Californians."
KAHN PREDICTS RESULTS.
Representative Kahn said:
"Judging from the sentiments uttered
by members of the House in the cloak
rooms and lobbies to-day the present
short session of Congress will be one of
unusual activity. Of course, the regular
appropriation bills will consume the
usual amount of time, but there are,
several questions of national importance.
In which the Pacific Coast States are
deeply interested, that will come up for
early consideration. I was pleased to see
that the President in his message so
strongly advocates the construction of
the trans-Pacific cable. No doubt that
will have considerable influence in secur
ing the passage of the Senate bill, which
is now on the calendar and which will
undoubtedly be called up for early con
sideration. The Nicaragua canal bill
will engage the attention of the Seaate
next Monday, and the general impression
seems to be that the House bill, with cer
tain modifications, will pass the upper
house. The army reorganization bill will
be one. of the most Important measures
considered, and will no doubt precipitate
a rancorous debate. The apportionment
bill is also going to provoke a struggle.
but from present indications the number ?
of members will not be materially in
creased. The oleomargarine bill is the
special order for Wednesday of this week.
Much feeling has been engendered In the
discussion of this measure, and no donbt
the debate will provoke more or loss bit
terness. Even shouloV this measure pass
the House, It is doubtful whether it will
obtain consideration In the Senate at this
session. Then, of course, the bill for the
reduction of the war tax is going to be
a most important piece of legislation. Tho
entire country seems to demand that tho
tax be reduced, if not absolutely repealed,
and should the committee report a bill
exempting certain products ' or articles,
documents or industries from the tax
those not so favored will make a vigorous
fight to get the advantage of the pro
posed reduction. Altogether, the session
promises to be most exciting, and many
bills of purely local or private character
will receive but scant recognition."
WOODS IS HOPEFUL.
Representative Woods said:
"The message oi President McKinley
v/as in keeping with his. late letter accept
ing the nomination for the Presidency. It
completely covered the great questions to
come before Congress, was terse and de
cisive, and such ns only a man of the
largest understanding of America's posi
tion at home and abroad and a statesman
could have written. My first thought upon
bearing It was that the American petjple
should thank God that the election went
as it did. There is a great deal to come '
before Congress at the present short ses
sion, but I believe it will be able to carry
everything through in a satisfactory man
ner, as I do not look for dilatory tactics
on the part of the minority. I believe that
one of the measures passed will be a Nic
aragua canal bill which will meet with the
approval not only of the Pacific Coast,
but of the whole United States. I made
my campaign upon a personal belief in
the widest possible expansion of American
liberty and institutions/ and still adher"
to this belief. I shall heartily favor Sena
tor Frye's ship subsidy bill, the Nicaragua
canal bill, and all of the recommendations
contained in the President's message. An
other thing which I heartily favor is a
reduction of the war revenue tax to the
smallest limit cpnsistent with our finan
cial welfare. I shall persistently urge an
appropriation of $300,C00 for the betterment
of the Yuba river and its tributaries, to
supplement the $5000 now unexpended in
tho hands of the California Debris Com
mission. I am a believer in a great Indus
trial and commercial future for CaJifornia
and in forwarding this the navigability of
her interior waters is very important."
WHAT NEEDHAM DESIRES.
Representative Needham stated that he
had not as yet had time to carefully read
the President's message, but from the
slight examination he had been able to
give it, regarded it as a strong documen..,
especially the portions dealing with th-?
administration's course irf China. He sa'd
he believed that the canal bill, the Pacific
cable bill and an army reorganization bill
and a bill reducing the taxes levied in the
Avar revenue act would pass this session.
A reapportlonment basis would be fixed
and strong efforts would be put forth to
pass the ship subsidy bill with good pros
pects of success. "In regard to measures
that particularly interest my district." he
said. "I shall use my best efforts to get
an adequate appropriation to improve San
Diego harbor and 1 believe I'll succeed.
If I don't get a lump sum I feel confident
that this harbcr will be put under the
continuing contract. I want to get a pub
lic building at Fresno and if a public
ready been expended In forts, guns, etc..
for the proper care of which, tha mini
mum force of trained men necessary Js
1S.420. The President shows that for
economical domestic purposes there
must be an increase in the army,
and recommends that Its perma
nent force be placed at 60,000, with
power . to Increase it to- 100.000- during
the present conditions in Cuba and the
Philippines, including 15,000 native troops
in the latter islands. In my opinion, V.\<i
President has placed this important ques
tion in. a very strong light. The policy of
the administration in respect to the Phil
ippines is clearly set forth in hi3 instruc
tions to the Taft Commission, and In
them there can be found no fact on which
to base a claim of danger from Imperial
ism."
METCALF SPEAKS PLAINLY.
Representative Metcalf said:
"It is impossible a*, this early date to
state just what measures will receive the
attention of Congress at this session, it
is safe to say. however, that the general
appropriation bills will receive immediate
attention, and will take precedence over
all other measures. A particularly strong
effort will be made to secure the passage
of a shipping bill to the end that Ameri
can merchandise and croducts may be
carried in American bottoms. The Nic.t
ragua canal bill Is now before the Senate,
and a strong effort wiil be made to secure
its passage. The war revenue act will
Vie amended, reducing the revenue derived
under that act at least $30,000»000 a year.
A bill will be Introduced and passed re
organizing and Increasing the military
force of the United States. A river and
harbor bill will also be passed at this
session. There will, in my opinion, be no
legislation at this, session affectlnir the
Philippine Islands. The Taft Commission
as yet has made no report, and until a
America. To abropate the treaty might
remove the prohibition in England, while
to confirm*? it will be to tie our own hands
forever on a matter which may eventu
ally become of vital importance. This is
a question which ought to be cleared up
before any irrevocable decision is made
either to confirm or to endeavor honor
ably to abrogate th§ Clayton-Bulwer
treaty."
SENATOR PERKINS' VIEWS.
Senator Perkins said:
"I think the President's message an ex
cellent resume of the business conditions
«if the country, foreign and domestic, and
it sets forth in moM simple and convincing
manner the flourishing state of our Indus
tries from the growth of raw materials
to the manufacture of finished products.
These portion of the message show up
very dearly and in businesslike form the
remarkable prosperity of the Unite!
States at present. It will be notice! the
President di cs not refer with very great
strei:pth to the Nicaragua canal. But this
I attribute to the fact that the ITay-
Paunoefote treaty, which has important
provisions relative to such canal, has not
been acted on by the Serrate. The Pres
ident indorses the ship subsidy bill as tho
only way to rehabilitate our merchant
marine. In this I heartily concur, and
find only one caiyse for criticism of the
bill, which is that it admits foreign -built
ships. My desire is that all vessels flyns
the American flag be constructed here,
fnless the Democrats should offer strenu
ous obstruction. I thinU that the bill wlil
become law. with perhaps a few amend
ments. The reference of the President to
t!:t s'tuaticn in which the army now is is
most timely. He shows that under the.
sujministration of President Cleveland, a.
scheme of coast defense fortifications was
devised which involves the outlay of over
JIOO.OOO.W*. More than S60,000,000 has al-
CALIFORNIA CONGRESSMEN TALK OF NEEDED LEGISLATION.
Senators and Representatives Tell of Their Hopes for the Passage of Measures That
Will £5enent the dolden otate and the JNation*
THE -SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DEtJE3O5iSJtx •», x»w.
CONGRESSMAN WOODS.
CONGRESSMAN METCALF.
2
To Cura a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. An
druggists refund the money If It fails to cure.
C \V. Grott's signature is on each box. So. •: 1 1 recommend that . legislation be enacted by
Congress conferring upon the Secretary of the
Interior supervision over the ; public lands of.
Porto Rico, and that he be directed to ascer
tain the location; and quantity of lands th^
title to which remained in the crown of Spain
at -the date of cession of . Porto Rico to the
United States, and that appropriations for sar-
On the 6th of November a general election
was ' held In the Island for , members of tht
Legislature and the body elected has been
called to convene on the first Monday of De
cember. ; '¦.'¦¦ /.
I The civil government of Porto Rico provided
for by the' act of the Congress approved April
12. 1900, Is' In successful operation. The courts
have. been established^ The Governor and his
associates, ' working Intelligently and har
moniously, are meeting- a commendable suc
cess. •
The Filipinos are a race quick to learn and
to profit by knowledge. He would be rash who
with the teachings of contemporaneous history
in view would fix a limit to the degree of cul
ture and advancement yet within the reach' of
those people If our duty toward them be faith
fully performed. ";>•'•-
I have upon another occasion called the Fili
pinos "the wards of the nation." Our obliga
tion as cuardlan was not lightly^ assumed;* It
must not be otherwise than 'honestly fulfilled,
aiming first of all to benefit those who have
come under our fostering care. It Is our duty
so to treat them that our flag may be no less
beloved In the mountains of Luzon and the
fertile zones of, Mindanao and Negros than It
Is at home, that there as here It shall be the
revered symbol of liberty, enlightenment an-1
progress in every avenue of development.
WARDS OF THE NATION.
a moral as well as material responsibility
toward these millions whom we have freed
from an oppressive yoke.
"That the provision of the treaty of .Paris
pledging the United States to the protection, of
all rights of property In the Islands, as well
a* the principle of our own Government, which
prohibits the taking of private property without
due process of law, shall not be violated; that
the welfare of the people of the Islands, which
should be a paramount consideration, shall be
attained consistently with this rule of property
right*:: that If -It become* ¦ necessary for .the
public interest of the people of the islands to
dispose of claims to property which the com
mission ' finds to be not lawfully acquired and
held disposition sliall be. made thereof by . due
legal • procedure. In which there shall . bo ¦ full
opportunity, for fair and Impartial hearing and
RULES FOB COMMISSION.
"It will be the duty of the commission to
make a thorough investigation Into the titles
to the large tracts of land held or claimed by
Individuals' or by religious orders; into the Jus
tice of the claims and complaints made agatnst
such landholders by the people of the Islands, or
any part of the people, and to seek by wise and
peaceable measure a Just settlement of the
controversies and redress of wrongs which hate
caused strife, and bloodshed In the past... In
the performance of this duty the commission
Is enjoined to see that no Injustice Is done; to
have regard for substantial rights and equity,
disregarding technicalities so far as substan
tial right permits, and to observe the following
rules: --.''¦'-
of attainder or ex po't facto law shall be
passed; that no law shall be passed abridging
the freedom of speech or of the press, or the
rights of the people to peaceably assembl* and
petition the Government for a redress of griev
ances; that no law shall be made respecting
an establishment of religion or prohibiting the
fiee exercise thereof, and that the free exercise
of religious profession and worship without dis
crimination or preference shall forever be al
lowed.
"In all of the forms of government and ad
ministrative provisions which they are author
ized to prescribe, the commission should bear
In mind . that the government which they are
establishing Is designed not' for our satisfac
tion, or for the expression of our theoretical
views, but for the happiness, peace and pros
p»rity.of the people of the Philippine Islands,
and the measures adopted should be made to
conform to their customs, their habit* and even
their prejudices, to the fullest extent conslst-
."It will be necessary to fill some offices for
the present with Americans, which, after a
time, may be well filled by natives of the
Islands. As noon as practicable a system for
aarertalnlnr the merit and fitness of candi
dates for civil offices should be put In force.
An Indispensable qualification for all offices
and positions of trust and authority in the
Utands must be absolute and .unhampered au
thority, and power to remove and . punish any
officer deviating from the standard must at all
times be retained In the hands of the central
authority of the Island. -
"The many different degrees of civilization
and varieties of custom and capacity among
the people of the different Islands preclude very
definite Instructions ae to the part which . the
people shall take In the selection of their own
officers ; but these general rule* are to be ob
served: That in all case* the municipal offi
cers, who administer the local affairs of the
people, are to be selected by the people, and
that wherever officers of more extended Juris
diction are to be selected in any way natives
ot the islands are to be preferred, and If they
can be found competent and willing to per
form the duties they are to receive the offices
In preference to any others.
VOICE OF THE PEOPLE.
"In the constitution of departmental or pro
vincial governments they will give especial at
tention to the existing government of the Isl
and of Negros. constituted, with the approval
of the people of that Island, under the order
of the military governor of July 22. 1S99, and
after verifying, so far as may be practicable,
the reports of the successful working of that
government, they will be guided by the ex
perience thus acquired so far as It may be
applicable to the condition existing In other
portions of the Philippines. They will avail
themselves to the fullest degree practicable
of the conclusions reached -by the* previous
commlsilon to the Philippines.
"In the distribution of powers among the
governments organized by the commission the
presumption is always to be In favor of the
smaller subdivision, so that all the powers
which can properly be exercised by the muni
cipal government shall be vested In that gov
ernment and all the power* of a more general
character which can be j exercised by the de
partmental governments shall be vested in that
government, and so that In the governmental
system, which is the result of the process, the
central government of the Island, following the
example of the distribution of the power* be
tween the States and the national Government
of the United States, shall have no direct ad
ministration, except of matters of purely gen
eral concern, and shall have only such super
vision and control over local government* a*
may be necessary to secure and enforce faith
ful and efficient administration by local offi
cers.
"In the establishment cf municipal govern
ments the commission will take as the basis
of their work the governments established by
the military- governor- under his order of Au
gust S. 1S93. and under the report of the board
constituted by. the military governor by his
order of January 29, 1S00, to formulate and re
port a plan of municipal government, of which
his honor, Cayetano Arellano, president of the
Audiencla. was chairman, and they will give
to the conclusions of that board the weight
and consideration which the high character and
distinguished abilities of its members Justify.
for the maintenance of law and order and the
enforcement of their authority.
"The commission will also have power dur
ing the same period to appoint to office such
officers under the Judicial, educational and
civil eerviee system and in the municipal and
departmental governments as shall be provided
for Until the complete transfer the military
governor will remain the chief executive head
of the' government of the Islands and will -x
erelee the executive authority now possessed
by hlra and not herein expressly assigned to the
commission, subject, however, to the rules aiid
orders enacted by the commission In the ex
ercise of the legislative powers conferred upon
them. In the meantime the municipal and de
partmental governments will continue to re
pprt to the military Governor and be sublet
to his administrative supervision and control,
under your direction, but that supervision *nil
control will be confined within -tie narrowest
limits consistent with the requirements that
the powers of government In the municlpalltlei
and departments shall M" honestly and effect
ively exercised and that law and order and In.
rflvldual freedom ehatl be maintained.
"All legislative rules and order*, establish
ments of government and appointments to of
• < f by the commtaaion will Uke effect Imme
<• t?e!y. or at such times as they shall desig
nate, subject to your approval and action upjn
pic V-oming In- of the commissioners' reports,
whirh are to be made from time to time o«
their action Is taken. Wherever civil grovera
rrn-jits are constituted under the direction cf
the commission such military poets, garrison*
and forces will be continued for the suppres
sion of insurrection and brigandage and the
maintenance of law ana order as the military
commander shall deem requisite, and the mil
itary force* shall be at all time* subject, under
bis order*, to the call of the civil authorities
"Beginning with the first day of September,
JSWt. the authority to. exercise, subject to my
approval, through the Secretary of War, that
part of the power of government in the Phil
ippine islands which is of a legislative nature
is to be transferred from the military governor
of the islands to this commission, to be there
alter «-xercit-ed by them In the place and stead
o? the military governor under such rules and
regulations as you shall prescribe, until the
establishment of the civil central government
for the Islands contemplated in the last fore
going paragraph, or until Congress shall othpr
«-|rr provide. Exercise of this legislative au
thority will include the making of rules and
orders raving the effect of law for the rais
ing of revenue by taxes, customs dutie« and
imports; the appropriation and expenditure of
public funds of the island: the establishment
of an educational system throughout * the
lflar.de; the establishment cf a system to se
cure an efficient civil service; the organization
and establishment of courts; the organization
end establishment of municipal and depart
mental governments, and all other matters of
a civil nature for which the military govern. ir
is now competent to provide by rules or
cf a legislative character.
"The next subject In order of importance
should be the organization of governments in
the larger administrative divisions correspond
ing to counties, departments or provinces, in
v. hlch the common Interests of many or several
municipalities fallinx within the same tribil
lines, or the same natural geographical llmi's,
may best be eubserved by a common admin
istration. Whenever the commission Is of the
opinion that the condition of affairs in tli*
Islands Is such that the central administration
may safely be transferred from military to
civil control they will report the conclusion to
you. with their recommendations as to the
form of central government to be established
for the purpose of taking over the control.
they should in general be enjoined, after mak
ing themselves farr.lllar with the conditions and
needs of the cour.tr)'. to devote their attention
Jn the first Instance to the establishment of
municipal governments, in which the natives
of the island, both in the cities and in the
rural ecmmur.itips, shall be afforded the oppor
tunity to manage their own local affairs to the
fullest extent of which they are capable, and
eufcject to the least degree of supervision and
control which a careful study of their capad
t!** and observations of the working* of native
control show to be consistent with the main
tenance of law. order and loyalty.
GOVERNMENT OF ISLANDS.
Continued From Page Two.
Later reports from the commission show yet
more encouraging advices toward insuring tha
benefits of liberty and good government to the
Filipinos, in the Interest --if humanity and with
the aim of building up an enduring, self-sup
porting and self-administering community in
these Far Eastern seas. I would impress upon
the Congress that whatever legislation may
be enacted in respect to the Philippine Islands
should be along these generous lines. The for.
tune of war has thrown upon this nation an"
unsought trust which should be unselfishly dis
charged, and devolved upon this Government
This commission, composed of eminent cit
izens, representing the diverse geographical
and political Interests of the country, ami
bringing to their task the ripe fruits of Ions
and Intelligent service in educational, admin
istrative and judicial careers, made great
progress from the outset. As early as August
21, 1900, it submitted a preliminary report,
which will be laid before the Congress and frcm
which It appears that already the good effects
of returning order are felt; that business In
terrupted by hostilities is improving as peace
extends; that a larger area Is under sugar cul
tivation than ever before; that the customs
revenues are greater than at any time during
the Spanish rule; that economy and efficiency
In the military administration have created a
surplus fund of $6,C00,000. available for needed
public Improvements; that a stringent civil
sen-Ice law Is In preparation; that railroad
communications are expanding, opening up rich
districts, and that a comprehensive scheme of
education Is being organized.
Colncidentally with the entrance of the com
mission upon Its labor. I caused to be issued by
Oeneral MacArthur, the Military Governor of
the Philippines, on June 21, 1500, a'proclama
tion of amnesty in generous terms, of which
many Insurgents took advantage, among them
a number of Important leaders.
PROGRESS IN PHILIPPINES.
God gave victory to American arms at Manila
and set their lands under the sovereignty and
the protection of the people of the United
States.
"Therefore. It Is ordered that a general elec
tion be heid in the island of Cuba on the third
Saturday of September, In the year 19C0, to elect
delegates to a convention to meet in the city
"And whereas, the people of Cuba have estab
lished municipal governments, deriving their
authority from the suffrages of the people
given under Just and equal laws, and are now
ready. In like manner, to proceed to the estab
lishment of a general government which shall
assume and exercise sovereignty, jurisdiction
and control over the islands:
" 'That the United States hereby disclaims
any disposition of Intention to exercise sover
eignty, jurisdiction or control over said island,
except for the pacification thereof, and asserts
lta determination, when that Is accomplished,
to leave the government and control of the
Island to Its people.'
" That the people of the Island of Cuba are
and of right ought to be free and Independent:
I believe that this pledge has been faithfully
kept. As high and' sacred an obligation rests
upon ' the government of the United States to
give protection for property and life, civil and
religious freedom, and wise, firm and unselfish
guidance in the paths of peace and prosperity
to all the people of the Philippine Islands. I
charge this commission ; to •¦ labor for • the full
performance of this obligation, which concerns
the honor * and ' conscience < of ; this country, In
the flrm'hope that through '-their labors all the
Inhabitants of the Philippine 'Islands may com*
to look back with gratitude to the day when
"This city. Its Inhabitants Its churches, its
religious worship, its educational establish
ments and Its private property of all descrip
tions are placed under the special safeguard
of-the faith and honor of the American army."
All officers and employes of the United
States, both civil and military, should be Im
pressed with a sense of the duty to observe not
merely the material but the personal and so
cial rluhts of the people of the Islands and to
treat them with the same courtesy and respect
for their personal dignity which the people of
the United j States are accustomed to require
from each other."
The articles of capitulation of the city of
Manila on the 13th of August, 1S98, concluded
with these words:
"In dealing with the uncivilized tribes of the
Islands the . commission should adopt the same
course followed by Congress In permitting tho
tribes of our North American Indians to main
tain.their tribal organization and government,
and under which many of those tribes are now
living In peace and contentment, surrounded
by a civilization to which they are unable or
unwilling to conform. Such tribal govern
ments should, however, , be subjected to wise
and firm regulation, and. without undue or
petty Interference, constant and active effort
should be exercised to prevent barbarous prac
tices and Introduce civilized customs.
"The main body of the laws which regulate
the lights and obligations of the people should
be maintained with as little Interference an
possible. Changes made should be mainly In
procedure and in the criminal laws to secure
speedy and Impartial trials and at the same
time effective administration and respect for
individual rights. ¦ • ..... • i . ,
"It may be well that the many changes
which should be made In the system of taxation
and in the body of the laws under which the
people are governed, except such changes as
have already been made by the military gov
ernment, should be relegated to the civil gov
ernment, which Is to be established under the
auspices of the commission. It will, however,
be the duty of the Commission to Inquire dili
gently as to whether there are- any further
changes which ought not to be delayed, and If
so, they are authorized to make such changes,
subject to your approval. In doing so they are
to bear In mind that taxes which tend to penal
ize or repress industry and enterprise are to be
avoided; that provisions for taxation should be
simple, so that they may be understood by the
people; that they should affect the fewest prac
ticable subjects of taxation which will serve
for the general distribution of the burden.
"It will be the duty of the commission to pro
mote and extend, and, as they find occasion, to
improve the system of education already Inau
gurated by the military authorities. In doing
this they should regard as of first importance
the extension of a system of primary educa
tion, which 6hall be free to all. and which
shall tend to fit the people for the duties ot
citizenship and for the ordinary avocations of
a civilized community. This Instruction should
be given in the first Instance. in every part of
the Islands In the language of the people. In
view of the great number of languages spoken
by the different tribes, it Is especially Impor
tant to the prosperity of the Islands that a com
mon medium of communication may be estab
lished, and It is obviously desirable that this
medium should be the English language. Es
pecial attention should be at once given to
affording full opportunity to all the people of
the islands to acquire the use of the English
language.
Judgment; that if the same public Interests re
quire the extinguishment of property rights
lawfully acquired and held, due compensation
shall be made out of the public treasury there
for; that no form of religion and no minister
of religion shall be forced upon any community
or upon any citizen of the Islands: that, upon
the other hand, no minister of religion shall
be interfered with or molested In following his
calling and that the separation between state
and church shall be real, entire and absolute.
"It Is evident that the most enlightened
thought of the Philippine Islands fully appre
ciates the Importance of these principles and
rules, and they will inevitably within a short
time command universal assent. Upon every
division and branch of the government of the
Philippines, therefore, must be Imposed three
inviolable rules: That no person shall be de
prived of life, liberty or property without due
process of law; that private property shall not
be taken for public use without just,compen
sation; that in all criminal prosecutions the ac
cused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and
public trial, to be Informed of the nature and
cause of the accusation, to be confronted with
the witnesses against him, to have compulsory
process for obtaining witnesses in his favor,
and to have the assistance of counsel for his
defense; that excessive ball shall not be re
quired nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel
flr.d unusual punishment Inflicted; that no per
son shall be put twice in jeopardy for the same
offense, or be compelled In any criminal case
tc be a witness against himself; that the right
to be secure against unreasonable searches and
seizures shall not be violated; that neither
slavery nor Involuntary servitude shall exist,
except as a punishment for crime; that no bill
."At the same time' the commission should
bear In 'mind and the people of the islands
snould be made plainly to understand that there
are certain great principles of government
which have been made the basis of our govern
mental system, which we deem essential to the
rule of law and the maintenance of individual
freedom, and of which they have, unfortunate
ly, been denied the experience possessed by us;
that there are also certain practical rules of
government which we have found to be essen
ttal to the preservation of these great principles
of liberty and law, and that these principles
and these rules of government must be estab
lished a«id maintained In their islands for the
sake of their liberty and happiness, however
much they may conflict with the customs or
laws of procedure with which they are familiar.
ent with the accomplishment of the Indispens
able requisites of Just and effective government.
veys be made and that thf methods of the dis
position of such lands be prescribed by law.
On the .23th of July, 1900, I directed that a
call be Issued for an election In Cuba for mem
bers of a constitutional convention to frame
a constitution as a basis for a stable and Inde
pendent government In j the Islands. In pur
suance thereof, the military Governor issued
the following Instructions:
"Whereas. The Congress of the United States,
by its Joint resolution of April 20, 1S98. declared
PRESIDENT McKINLEY SENDS HIS MESSAGE TO THE FIFTY-SIXTH CONGRESS
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.-A caucus of
the Democratic members of the House of
Representatives was held in the hall of
the House at the close of the session to
day to consider the course to be taken on
army legislation. Representative Hay of
Virginia, a member of the Military Com
mittee, explained the status of the army
bill proposed by Secretary Root and urged
the desirability of not legislating until the
the late Representative Chlckerlng of New
York; Allen F. McDermott. who succeeds
the late Representative Daly of New Jer
sey; Walter C. Hoffecker, who succeeds
the late Representative Hoffecker of
Delaware; Edward D. Morrlll, who suc
ceeds the late Representative Harmer of
Pennsylvania; William Richardson, .who
succeeds General Wheeler of Alabama;
W. H. Jackson, who succeeds Governor
Smith of Maryland, and Samuel D. Woods,
who succeeds Representative De Vrles of
California.
Mr. Bailey of Texas questioned the form
of the resignation of Representative Dol
liver. He said he doubted the right of a
member .to. resign at. a future fixed date.
He said he would not raise the point
formally, but merely called attention to It,
so In future it could not be used as a pre
cedent. '-¦
Dolliver'B resignation, he said, had been
tendered to take effect December 1. so that
Mr. Conner had been elected to fill the va
cancy which did not exist at the time of
the election. He cited a court decision to
show that a resignation to take effect at
a future date was not a resignation In
fact, but simply a notification of a resig
nation to be made in the future. Bailey
said he did not desire to press the matter,
but desired the protest to be filed.
The Speaker stated that inasmuch as ob
jection had been made Connor would step
aside until the protest had been disposed
Of.
The Speaker announced the appointment
of Babcock of Wisconsin on the Commit
tee on Ways and Means to succeed Dol
llver. Payne, Grosvenor and Richardson
Too plain to be misunderstood Is the at
titude of the Democrats with reference to
the Republican programme. It Is not ex
pected that there will be even a vigorous
opposition to any of the administration's
measure?. Senator Jones, chairman of
the National Democratic Committee, is
apparently disgusted. Extreme Demo
crats of the Bryanite school in both
houses frankly admit that it will be dif
ficult to get the Democrats to line up in
order to make a fight. The House Demo
crats met in caucus to-night to consider
word of praise and that Congress I«i ur^ed
to provide a standing army of ftV.OQO men,
which may be enlarged at th? discretion
of the President to 100,000. The construc
tion of a Pacific cable is urged, too. The
President's reference to the construction
of a canal across the isthmus of '7ontral
America is very brief. It Is understood,
that he will send in a special mes.sa.eo on
this subject, which will embody the re
port of the Isthmian Canal Commission.
This special message will strongly urge
not -only the ratification of the Hay-
Pauncefote treaty but also the pass.-.tje of
the Xicaragruan canal bill. The facts as
stated in the commission's report are iin
derstood to be In favor of tbe construc
tion of the Nicaragua canal In the ab
sence of guarantee from the Panama
Company that the United States can be
given full control of the Panama canal.
talked with Democratic Senators ex
pressed the opinion that there would be
no effort to prevent this legislation by
factional opposition, though they expect
a number of speeches against it.
Senator Ix>dge was called Into the con
ference for me purpose of consultation
concerning the treaty. He stated that he
would be prepared to proceed with it at
any time, and that he was anxious to
have it disposed of at as early a day as
possible.
REPRESENTATIVE CRUMPAC
KER OF INDIANA, WHO OF
FERED FIRST RESOLUTION.
REPRESENTATIVE FITZGER
ALD OF MASSACHUSETTS,
THE FRIEND OF THE BOERS.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.— Chairman
Payne of the Ways and Means Commit
tee said to-day that no exact programme
had been fixed as to the time of acting In
committee on the bill reducing' the reve
nues or for considering the measure in the
House. There has been some talk of a
caucus, but it has not come to the atten
tion of Payne that a caucus on the meas
ure is desired, and there la some doubt as
to whether one will be required.
REDUCTION OF THE REVENUE
The reading occupied two hours and ten
minutes. There were no demonstrations
during the reading, but as the clerk fin
ished there was a scattering round of ap
plause on the Republican side.
The deaths of Representative Hoffecker
of Delaware, Representative Daly of New
Jersey, Senator Gear of Iowa and Senator
Davis of Minnesota were then announced,
and after the adoption of resolutions of
regret the House as a .further mark of
respect to the memory of the deceased
members at 4:20 p, m. adjourned.
were appointed to join the committee of
the Senate to notify the President that
Congress was In session and ready to re
ceive any communication from him. The
clerk was also directed by resolutoln to
notify the Senate that the House was
ready to do business. After the adoption
of these formal resolutions the House, at
1 o'clock, took a recess until 2 o'clock.
When the President's message was laid
before the House. Its reading was lis
tened to attentively.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.— Representative
Llttlefleld of Maine, from the Judiciary
Committee of the House, to-day presented
a favorable report of what is known as
the "conspiracy" bill, limiting the use of
restraining orders and injunctions In dis
putes between employer and employed in
places under Federal control. The report
favors two changes in the bill. One strikes
out the provision which would have the
effect of excepting combination trade dis
putes from the operations of the Sherman
anti-trust law. The other amends the bill
so that It will not cover instances of
threats to Injure persons or property,
business or occupation, or overt acts of
interference with the rights of otherr.
Otherwise the bill is preserved in limiting
the scope of Injunctions, conspiracies, etc.
tlefield of Maine.
Favorable Report Presented by Lit-
THE "CONSPIRACY" BILL.
The following members-elect then ap
peared at the bar of the House and took
the oath: Albert D. Shaw, who succeeds
The Speaker then directed the clerk to
call the roll. As soon as the clerk began
the conversation on the floor and in the
galleries was resumed. . The confusion be
came so great that the clerk could not
hear the responses, and the Speaker was
obliged several times to call for order.
The Speaker announced that 275 mem
bers had responded to their names, a'
quorum, and the House was ready for
business.
A rap with the gavel and a report "The
House will be in order" from Speaker
Henderson commanded the assemblage on
the floor and in the galleries to remain
quiet, and then the blind chaplain deliv
ered a prayer. In his invocation the chap
lain referred feelingly to the deaths of the
late Representatives Daly of New Jersey
and Hoffecker of Delaware, which oc
curred during the recess.
When Speaker Henderson called the
House to order at noon the desks of half
the members were freighted with flowers
from admiring frfends or constituents,
;ir.d the profusion of the floral pieces gave
the hall more the appearance of a garden
thun a legislative assembly. The floral
pieces were of infinite variety. Roses, car
nations and chrysanthemums of every hue
were made Into every conceivable design.
The great proportion of flowers were on
the Republican side, and one could mark
the geographical limits of the victorious
party in the recent campaign by the floral
area. Here and there, however, an ad
miring constituent had deposited a bunch
of flowers on a desk on the Democratic
skle. # They usually marked the seat of
one who won a personal triumph. In the
gallery the wealth and beauty of the capi
tal was present, gowned in smart winter
frocks.
* WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.— The opening
session in the House was brilliant but not
exciting. There were the usual throngs in
the galleries and the usual display of
floral pieces on the floor, but the proceed
ings were purely formal, consisting of the
rapping to order by the Speaker, prayer
by the chaplain, the roll call of members,
the appointment of the formal commit
tees to wait upon the President and the
reception of and the reading of the Presi
dent's message. Despite the fact that a
great Presidential campaign had conclud
ed within a montn, the best of feeling
seemed to prevail between victors anu
vanquished. The reading of the message,
which naturally was the feature of the
day, occupied over two hours. It .was lis
tened to with respectful interest by both
sides.
SESSION OF THE HOUSE.
tion of Allison, as an additional mark of
respect for tho memories of Senator Gear
and Senator Davis, adjourned.
Resolved. That the efforts of Paul Kruser
to obtain the assistance of the civilized na
tions of the world In securing peace And
proper terms of settlement between . Great
Britain and the Boer republics are deserving of
the praise and sympathy of the American
people.
Whereas. The heroic struggle made by tho
Boer republics to maintain their existence hns
excited the sympathy of the whole world;
therefore, be It . : .
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.— A resolution In
behalf of ex-President Kruger was Intro
duced In the House to-day by Representa
tive Fitzgerald of Massachusetts. It re
cites:^' .'PilK
of Massachusetts.
SYMPATHY FOR THE BOERS.
Resolution Introduced by Fitzgerald
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.— In the Senate
to-day the work cf the short session of
the Fifty-sixth Congress was successfully
launched. It had been the purpose of the
Senate to announce the death of Senators
Gear (Iowa) and Davis (Minnesota) imme
diately after assembling and then to ad-
Jovrn and to receive the message of the
President to-morrow, but as this had been
announced by the leaders of both
branches of Congress to be a "business
session" it was determined to receive the
massage to-day and thus gain one day in
a session in which that much time may be
of immense Importance. Aside from the
reading of the message and the adminis
tration of the oath of office to William B.
Dillingham, the new Senator from Ver
mont, who succeeds the late Justin S.
Moirill, no business was transacted. The
other new member of the body, former
Representative John C. Dolliver, who suc
ceeds the «att Senator Gear of Iowa, was
present throughout the session, but his
credentials were not presented and he was
not sworn in. These formalities will be '
of Respect to Deceased Members.
Message Read and Adjournment Out
OPENING OF THE SENATE.
It has also been agreed that all the
time of the executive session be devoted
to the consideration of the Hay-Paunee
fote treaty till a vote Is had. There will
be no vote on the Nicaragua canal bill
until the treaty i.s out of the way. The
report of the Isthmian Canal Commission
will be laid before the Senate committee
on Nicaragua canal at 10 o'clock to-mor
row.
Senator Hanna said to a Call corre
spondent to-night that he believed Sena
tor Frye's speech will be all the argument
the Republicans needed and that the chief
opposition to it was because it was not
fully understood.
It was decided at a meeting of the Sen
ate steering committee late this afternoon
that the ship subsidy bill should be taken
up to-morrow. A motion to that effect
will be made by Senator Frye, and If it
is carried the shipping bill will take prece
dence over everything else before the
Senate, and Senator Frye will make a
speech explaining the bill. It is believed
by the friends of the bill that It can be
passed within ten days.
the army bill. They could not agree on
any programme. They are like a snake
without a head, all wriggle and no pro
gress, or a cab moving backward. They
adjourned without taking any action. If
the administration needs Democratic
votes it will get them. Each Democrat
is his own leader..
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.— The first bill
of the session introduced in the House
was by Representative Crumpacker (R.)
of Indiana, "making an apportionment of
representatives In Congress under the
eleventh census." It provides an in
crease of membership from 357 to 3tio. The
following ntati-s gain in representation':
Arkansas 1, Colorado 1, California 1, Con
necticut 1, Florida 1, Illinois 2, Massa
chusetts 1, Minnesota 2, Missouri 1, New
Jersey 2. New \<irk 3, North l^akota 1,
Pennsylvania 2, Texas 2. Washington 1,
West Virginia 1. The following States
lose: Kansas 1. Louisiana 2, Mississippi
3, Nebraska 1, North Carolina 4, South
Carolina 3, Virginia 1.
of Representatives in Congress.
Crumpacker Seeks Reapportionment
FIRST BILL INTRODUCED.
Allison then announced the death in
July last of his colleague, Senator John
Henry Gear, and offered the usual reso
lution of sorrow, which was adopted.
Nelson of Minnesota, who had returned
only two hours before from St. Paul, an
nounced formally the death of Senator
Davis,' saying' that in his death "the na
tion has lost one of Its wisest public
servants and the State of Minnesota one
of its most distinguished sons."
The Senate then, at 3;15 o'clock, on mo-
The Senate then took a recess of forty
minutes, and on reassembling Hoar an
nounced that the President had expressed
his pleasure that Congress once more was
in session and that he would communicate
with it forthwith.
Instantly Major Pruden, one of the sec
retaries of the President, was recognized
and presented the awaited message of the
President. It took Mr. Bennett, the sec
retary of the Senate, one hour and fifty
minutes to read it.
William R. Dillingham was sworn in to
fill tht unexpired term of the late Justin
S. Morrlll.
A resolution by Hoar that a committee
of two Senators be appointed to Join a
similar committee of the House to in
form the President that the Congress was
in session and ready to receive any com
munication he might have to make was
adopted. The chttir appointed Hoar and
Cockrell.
. WASHINGTON. Dec. 3. — Secretary
Root's bill for the reorganization of the
army was introduced \ to T day by CHair
man Hull of the House Military Com
mittee and at once referred to that com
mittee. Work on the bill has -been in
progress, and the' measure now is prac
tically completed and ready to be re
ported. The report probably - will be
made to-morrow, and Chairman Hull
says he hoped to begin consideratiqif of
the measure within a 1 day or two, cer
tainly by Friday, with the expectation of
passing it in tne House before the close
of the present. week. Hull says the re
quirements of the military service make
it essential to pass the measure without
delay. One of the changes in the bill
made by the committee to-day was to
adopt an anti-canteen amendment, offered
by Hay of Virginia, prohibiting the sale
of liquor on military property, transports,
etc. Another change made creates an in
spector of artillery, instead of a. chief of
artillery, who is to be on the staff of the
general commanding the army.
complied with to-morrow, now that the
aenate naa been iniormeu" of the death or
Senator U«ar.
\\ nen the Senate convened it was within
the shadow of the death of two or its
most distinguished members, Since the
Senate last conveneu a great national
campaign has teen inaugurated and con
ducted to a conclusion, and as Senators
assembled they exchanged political greet
ings as well as the warm handclasps of
personal lriendshlp. A notable meeting
on the floor just Oei'ore the session opencti
was that between Hanna of Ohio and
Jones of Arkansas, the chairmen respec
tively of the Republican and Democratic
committees. Surrounded by many of their
colleagues they exchanged cordial greet
ings and laughed and cnatted for several
minutes.
The air of the chamber was heSvy with
the perfume from magnificent floral
pieces.
The fall of Senator Frye's gavel caused
a hush to fall over the chamber at 12
o'clock, and then Mr. Milburn, tho ven
erable blind chaplain, in a beautiful
prayer paid touching tribute to the deaths
of Senators Davis and Gear . The call of
the roll disclosed ihe presence of sixty
one Senators, and the Senate then pro
ceeded to routine business.
Secretary Root's : Bill to Receive
Prompt Consideration.
REORGANIZATION OF ARMY.
"K AEHIN'GTON. Dec. 3.-The Republi
can Senatorial Committee on Order of
Business this afternoon decided that the
ship subsidy bill should displace the
Spooncr Philippine bill as the unfinished
business. It also considered at the same
time the disposition of the Hay-Paunce
fote treaty, and decided that that ques
tion should receive alternate attention
with the shipping bill. The arrangement
provides that the shipping bill shall have
preference, but that when no one is pre
pared to make a speech on it the Senate
shall go into executive session for the
<onFid« ration of the treaty. *
In accordance with this understanding.
Senator Frye at the first opportunity to
morrow will move to take up the bill, and
if tn,* motion prevail?, as there is little
o^ubt it will, the effect will be to displace
the Spooner bill, which there is no dispo
p.tion at this time to press. Senator Frye
probably will make a speech.
It is not expected that any one other
senator will be prepared to proceed on
the subsidy measure, and in that event
Senator Lodge of the Committee on For-
Relati °ns. who will have charge of
the treaty, will move an executive session
in order to consider the treaty.
The arrangement further provides that
lr the army bill reaches the Senate prior
to the disposal of the shipping bill or tne
treaty either or both of these may be dis
placed temporarily in order to permit the
prompt consideration of that measure,
which is considered to be of more press-
Ing Importance than either of the other
questions. The same understanding pre
vails regarding the appropriation bills.
Senator Morgan's Nicaraguan canal bill
received some consideration at the hands
of -the Committee on Order of Business.
While no definite agreement was reached
concerning it. the opinion was generally
expressed that it should wait upon the
Senate's action on the treaty. The mem
bers of the committee apparently consider
that the ratification of the treaty is a nec
essary preliminary to the passage of the
canal bill, and the present disposition is
to contend for that order of precedence.
The committee also discussed the possi
bility of Democratic opposition to the sub
sidv bill. Some of the members who hafi
CALL, BUREAU. 1406 G STREET.
N. W., WASHINGTON. Dec. 3.—
With very little flurry and no
trumpeting the last session of the
Fifty-sixth Congress, which Is ex
pected to ratify the will of the adminis
tration on half a dozen questions of great
Importance to the country, met at noon.
Both California Scr.ators were In their
f-eats. Representatives Barham and
Waters wore among the absentees in the
Hou^e. Hon. 8. D. Woods, who succeeds
Marion de Vries. took the oath of office
and entered upon his duties to-day. With
in ten minutes after the formal reading
of the President's message had been con
cluded committees of the House were
meeting In the House and Senator? were
conferring on important bills, getting
them ready for report so that action can
quickly be taken. There was a very busi
ness-like air about the whole proceeding.
It indicated clearly the tight grasp the
administration has upon Congress. There
were hurned sessions of the Military
Committee and the Ways and Means
Committee of the House to put Into shape
speedily the army and revenue reduction
bills.
The Callforalans were pleased that the
gTeat projects which are now before Con
gress which are closely allied to expan-
Fion are favored by the President. They
are elad that the ship subsidy bill has a |
This led to .extended discussion. Slayden
of Texas, also of the Military Committee,
proposed to amend the time to one year.-
Jones, of Virginia presented a substitute
resolution expressing the opposition of the
caucus to the army reorganization bill
submitted by the War Department. Rep
resentatives Richardaon. Bailey. Carmack,
Newlands, Cox and others made specehea
showing considerable diversity of opinion
as to what should be done." Hay finally
withdrew his resolution and the other
propositlors # were not passed, the caucus
adjourning without action.
"Resolved, rhat It is the sense of this
committee that the law now in existence
as ; to the army he continued for two years
from July 1, 1900."
course of the Government as to the Phil
ippines had been more definitely deter
mined. He proposed the following resolu
tion:
Caucus of Democrats of the House to
Consider a Course on Army
Legislation
Reapportionment of Representation and Sym
pathy for Boers the* Subjects of the First
Measures Introduced.
Ship Subsidy Bill Will Be First Con
sidered Under the Head of
Unfinished Business.
SECOND SESSION OF THE FIFTY-SIXTH CONGRESS IS BEGUN
¦j.\ri.Ei \ ejajn im AH UISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1900.
(Continued on Page 8.)
3
When we take
your measure
TpPjii? jlv * * ' feel certain th3t
r " "**«& i you 3rs coin** to
-y^ AfiMMmW&WS^ \ a tailor-made suit
irf^SPiBfe shouid ' and wear
mMr^^SSw^S^ \ t0 your entire sat "
WzJ^ Wii|l||i^\ isfaction from th&
iinwi make ci ° the5 to
$13.5O suits
We protect you by our guarantee. Money re-
turned if you want it, or suit kept in repair free for
one year.
Out-of-town orders filled. Write for samples and self-
measuring blank.
-718 Market Street and
Cor. Powell and Eddy.Islington (London) is the most denselv
populated parish in the United Kingdom
Ouej hundred and twelve persons live on
each acre. Bolton ranks next with sixty
eight to the acre. *
Alexander Scossa, Indicted for cutting
timber on Government land in Nevada
County, was discharged yesterday In the
United States District Court upon the
payment by him of $300, the value of the
timber cut, by him, ln addition to the
Timber-Cutter Scosga Mulcted.
TOUNGSTOWN, Ohio, Dec. 3.— John
Hamilton of Troy. N. Y., and Oscar Gard
ner fought twenty rounds before the Ma
honing Athletic Club to-night Tho de
cision was given to Hamilton.
Hamilton Wins.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 3.-Kld Broad
of Cleveland and Tim Callahan of this
city fought a six-round bout at the Penn
Art Athletic . Club to-night Both went
the limit, but Callahan had a shade the
better pf the contest :.? ..¦--¦.
Callahan-Broad Bout.
WOODLAND, Dec. 8.— The old Bo
hemian football team has been reorgan
ized and will probably play the Willows
team on New Year's day. R. Wallace is
manager and Olney Gwinn captain. Last
season It was the strongest team in the
Sacramento Valley.
Football Team Reorganized.
One and a sixteenth miles, selling— McLeod
of Dar* won. Charawind second, Evelyn Bird
third. Time, 1:52 4-6.
One tnilo an^ 100 yards — Spurs won. Hopbrook
second. Bondman third. Time, 1:53 3-5.
Six furlongs, selling — Rabunta won. King's
Favorite second, Lambkin third. Time.
1:17 1-5. ,:
One mile and fifty yards, two-year-olds and
upward — Sentry won, Amorita second, Blue
Skin third. Time. 1:49 1-5.
Five and a half furlongs, maidens— Provost
won, ValasQuez second, Timothy Foley third
Time, 1:18 3-5.
Seven furlongs, selling — Olekma won, Sallle
J second. Brown Vail third. Time, 1:354.
One mile, handicap— Obsidian won, frood
trice second. Glen Lake third. Time, 1:49.
One mile, selling: — Uncle Bill won, Ben
Chance second. Lovable third. Time. 1:51H. *¦
Six furlongs, selling— Jim W -won. Locust
Bloesom second, Eltholin third. Time, 1:20%.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.— Results at
Bennlngs:
Seven furlonrs. selling — Fluke won. Federal
ist second. Uncle Josh third. Time, 1:30 1-5.
Six furlongs, selling— Grey John won, Dcus
terswivel second, Alvln W third. Time, 1:21%.
Five and a half furlongs— Tea Gown won,
W. J. Deboe second. Senator McQuade third.
Time.. 1:13»4.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 3.— Aa the result
of a violent quarrel after the racing on
Saturday, during which weapons were
drawn but not used, the stewards fined
George W. Poole $200 and H. Simons 5100
to-day. Heavy track. Results:
Poole arxd Simons Are Pined at New
Orleans.
ON EASTERN TRACES.
OAKLAND track reopened yester
day to a large attendance, and as
it afterward transpired one of
the Bharpest, slickest, shrewdest
crowd the bookmakers hare yet
crossed Bwords with. Twenty-one firms
laid odds and with scarcely an exception
received a fearful bombarding. At night
fall the majority were hopeful— that is If
their bank rolls hold out.
Superintendent "Bill" Fleldwlck had the
surface of the track looking like a piece
of plush, and the horse that couldn't step
a mile over it in "forty" was not consid
ered. SL Cuthbert equaled the coast rec
ord of .1:12^4 for six furlongs, and Head
water caused I:39i4 to be hung out for a
mile. While but three favorites cams
home first, the other three winning horses
aid not escape the talent with Its "dope"
and figures.
Only four started in the Monday handi
cap, at a mile and a sixteenth. Bangor
was down to go, but pulled up lame in
bis preliminary and was excused, all bets
being declared off. ; Those who had ob
tained 5 to 1 against the two-year-old
Tyr, with 93 pounds up, were then com
pelled to take 4 to 5. The youngster was
giving away weight to Malay and Gold
one, but it was thought he was capable
of doing so. Perhaps so, but Jack Martin
tipped the kettle over. He managed to
drop In behind Diderot and Goldone with
his mount and was kept there until too
late to- do any good. Dominlck, astride
Goldone, had clear sailing, and won by a
length. Behind him, Diderot. Tyr and
Malay finished noses apaf t In the order
mentioned.
Charley Ellison, owner of Specific, fa
vorite for the opening mile run, said his
horse would cover the distance in 1:40,
and spread his coin about accordingly.
Specific shaded the time the least bit, but
Headwater happened to be about a pound
and- three ounces better, scoring by a
neck. Coburn piloted the winner, ln fault
less fashion. Snips, at 100 to 1, ran into
the show.
Somebody reported - around that . Pat
Morrlssey was not good, which caused hla
odds in the betting in the second rape to
Jump from 3 to 2 to 5 to 2. O'Connor beat
his field off and Pat won all the way un
der close reefed sails. El Mldo, a 12 to 1
chance, dropped Into the place, a neck be
fore Our Lizzie. Dunblane, which carried
the big money, managed to get a poor
start and was never prominent. Old
patched-up Wolhurst led to the. stretch,
where he fell back, broken down.
Johnny Schorr's useful colt Dangerfleld
kept up his winning clip by taking the
third purse from a fair bunch of two-year
old*. Ruling a pronounced choice, it took
hard urging: on J. Miller's part to overhaul
end beat out the 26 to 1 outsider. Screen
well Lake. The latter filly stole away in
the lead, and her stable folks just missed
cashing some very pretty tickets.
None of the events on the card had such
an open look as the fifth, with Gibraltar,
Theory, St. ' Cuthbert, Miss Rowenaand
other fast ones to line up. Hildreth's Glb
ialtar at first was chalked up 6 to 5, which
price later lengthened to 3 to 1. St. Cuth
bert looked and acted well, and from 8 the
sprinter's odds were rubbed to 4, and even
lower. Johnny "Woods had the leg up, and
getting away ln the lead was never head
ed, passing the Judges more than a length
before Theory. Gibraltar ended up in
third place.
There was a great scramble to get
aboard Ulloa to win the Vcloslng "sprint,
a- maiden owned by A. B. Spreckels. The
mare is a four-year-old by imp. Crichton
from imp. Zara, a half-sister to Char
treuse. It seemed to bei out that she had
done something ln her morning trials, and
the odds were 4 to 5 In no time. Coburn
was up, and coming from behind, 1 the
warm one strolled in first. Just for the
asking. Onyx took the place from Louise
Hooker. "" , .
Track Notes.
E. C. Hopper, secretary of the American
Turf Congress and assistant judge at Oak
land, arrived from Cincinnati Sunday'
night, and took his place In the stand yes
terday. Mr. 'Hopper reports that Lat6nla
had a : very successful fall meeting ' and
that prospects for the future look very
bright. . . v • . .
The stewards of. the California ¦ Jockey
Club Issued a notice yesterday stating
By F 1 . E. nyCXJUiHOrjIj-A.lNnD.
Several days ago The Call published ex
clusively an account of the negotiations
which were on between Ed Corrigan and
his associate, Joe Ullman, and the San
Francisco Jockey Club, represented by
Prince Ponlatowski and his associates. In
Xhe crash in which Corrigan fell Ullman
also went down and the turf of California
was freed from two figures of discredit.
For some time Prince Poniatowski has
been endeavoring to secure the stock
which Corrlgan and Ullman held in the
Pacific Coast Jockey Club, whose prop
erty Is at Ingleslde. •
The Crocker- Woolworth Bank, which is
backing Poniatowski ln the San Francis
co Jockey Club, naturally was. deeply
fearful for the success of the venture
while the shadow of the names of Corrl
gan and Ullman was upon It. • Every ef
fort was made to get these men not only
Racing In California has been freed for
ever from the contamination of Edward
Corrigan. The Influence which prostituted
a legitimate and high-class sport Into a
game of desperate profit for thieves,
blacklegs and scoundrels of every degree
and character has been removed. Ed
ward Corrlgan's name will not be heard
again on the California turf and the sport
which he degraded, which he made a
menace to every home in San Francisco,
will be restored to the plane of decency
in which he found it when he came to
the coast. Edward Corrlgan has been
forced out of the only racing institution
on the coast in which he had a standing.
This must be a subject of congratula
tion to every man who lovea honest sport,
to every one who does not want honest
men to become thieves, to all who fear
influences which breed crimes ranging
from defalcation to murder. Corrigan's
Influence on the race courses of California
has been that of disease. He has run his
race and as far as California sportsmen
are concerned will live only as a disagree
able memory. •
that any ruled-off or suspended person
wishing a rehearing must file a written
request with the club before December 10.
Otherwise no notice will be taken of an
application.
Jack Atkin was about the only book
maker that did not quit loser on the day.
The name of Gus Abercromble. at pres
ent bookkeeper for the San Francisco
Jockey Club, has been mentioned as a
possibility for the position of secretary at
Tanforan. Mr. Abercromble Is popular
with horsemen, possesses a thorough
knowledge of the game, and It would seem
no better selection could bo made.
Following are to-day's entries:
(Copyrighted, 1900, by F. W. Leavltt. All rights
reserved.)
First- race— Futurity course, three- year-olds;
selling.
1416 Duckoy 109 1417 Ned Dennis 109
312 4 P lomed 109 "48 H'y Thatcher.. 109
H24 Kitty Kelly 109 1427 Herculean 109
1370 Florlnel II 109 1412 Foul -Play 109
1330 Bogus Bill 109 1383 Matt Hogan....l09
1402 Decoy ,.., 109 1402 Gllssando 109
Second race — Six furlongs; maiden two-year
olds; purse.
1420 Ravelling 113 1174 Jim Hale 105
11(4 Follow Me 110 12S9 Aphrodls no
.... Lordly 115 13S5 Mary Alice 115
Infra U5 1288 Kitty Lundy... 105
1420 Estelada 110
Third race — One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; selling.
1409 Dr. Bernaya....lO4 1347 Essence 101"
(l353)Uarda 110 1408 First Call 107
(1418) Sir Kingston... 101 1417 "Wyoming 107
1380 Silver Tone .107 14U Bell Punch 113
(1403)Alee ...107' 140R Campus 110
1258 Cromwell ......107 (1424)Mltten 98
Fourth race— One mile and a quarter; three
year-olds and upward; Bellintr.
1347 Col. Root 96 (1388)The Bobby 100
, 1418 Owensboro 98 1338 Dr. . Marks 96
1389 Topmast 100 1389 Locochee ...... .107
1301 Ulm 96 1409 Gauntlet 104
1409 Koenlgr 103] 1380 Opponent ....... %
Fifth race— Six furlongs; all ages; purse.
1405 Gold Or ..117 18H Homage 84
1395 Scallywag 94 1357 Prejudice ......107
1331 Tenny Belle.... 91 1421 St. Rica S4
1413 Irate .;. ....84 1392 Bedeck 94
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
J?« T? Tgla * •• "100 (1382)Ordnung 104
"01 Mike Rice 103 (1416)EdgardO .JS
1416 McNamara .... 98 (1406) Boundlee .... m
1427 ItlBaJdo .;.... ..106 1240 Lena ........ 'im
1373 Guess Me 93 1387 Sybarls 10s
1417 Montanus 106 1419 Montallada ..'.'. 97
Probable Winners.
First race— Florlnel II, Glissando, Matt ' Ho
gan.
Second race— Ravelling, Jim Hale. Infra.
Third race— Alee. Essence, Mitten.
Fourth race— Locochee, Topmast. Th« Bobby.
Fifth race— Cold Or, Bedeck, Prejudice.
Sixth race — Ordnungr, Torelda, Boundlee.
FBurr-GiiowEBS ready
FOR ANNUAL SESSION
Annual Meeting of State Hosticuli
tural Society' Held In Pioneer
The California State Fruit Growers' As
sociation ¦ will ¦ open Its 'convention this
morning: In Pioneer Hall. '_ President Ell
wood Cooper will preside. The proceed
ings of the "day will Include President
Cooper's annual address and papers and
addresses by "William H. Mills, President
Benjamin Ide .Wheeler, H. Weinstock
William B. Gester, Russ D. Stephens and
Alden Anderson. . - ....
Yesterday the annual meeting of thA
State Horticultural Association was hViS
in Pioneer Hall. President G. P Hall or
San Diego, Commissioners Hughes of Ma
dera County. .Westlake of Contra Costa"
Rodgers of Santa Cruz, Webb of AlampI
da, Anderson of Yolo and Ehrhorn of
Santa Clara; Secretary Stabler, Professor
Newton B. . Pierce and Alexander- Craw
were among those present. Several inter
estlng papers were read. - ..
'¦'- Commissioner Rodgers advocated a law
to provide for a* board of : horticulture for
San Francisco to prevent the shipping of
infested fruit into this country. s
out of Tanforan, but out of Ingleslde, and
when Corrigan and Ullman intimated a
desire to sell their stock negotiations for
the deal were at once begun.
But Corrlgan and Ullman showed their
greed. They demandta not onlv the
amounts of their original investments !n
stock, but interest up to date. After kill
ing in San Francisco the sport which
made Ingleslde an Investment of profit,
they insisted that they should be paid in
terest on the evil they had done. They
fought several days for this point ar i
then lost. They were given the amount3
of. their investments and a trifle mors.
which does not by any means represent
the interest they demanded. The papers
in the bargain were signed yesterday an.1
Corrigan and Ullman have now no more
serums meaning to honest sportsmen of
California than the recollection of a
nightmare.
in this way Ed Corrigan passes from
the California turf. It was his boast that
he always destroyed a ra.ee course which
he could not debauch by his methods and
over which he could rule with a train of
rascals. He bragged also that he could
silence newspaper criticism which was
not to his liking and censure which ex
posed his shameful methods. "When The
Call found it necessary to denounce the
scoundrellsm which was running riot at
Ingleslde under his management, he
caused to be posted on the dead walls of
the city notices that "the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club does not advertise in The
Call."
Ten days later the Pacific Coast Jockey
Club did not advertise in any paper.
Ingleslde was closed by the law. Corri
gan had gone toe far in his attacks upon
decency in sport and honesty In adminis
tration. Theft, defalcation, robbery, vio
lence, suicide, murder had been the fruits
of the terrible -game which Corrlgan had
substituted for racing. The people of the
city arose ln revolt and the place was
closed. And now follows its master, ut
terly discredited, repudiated, forced out
of the racing of the State and stamped as
the worst man who ever debauched it ln
California.
* The biggest '-¦ cigari business In the his
tory of the^clty. the- State or any one
place in the, union making Havana cigars
Is now being transacted at Tampa. ¦;.-,-
Pythian Castle. Sixty-four nominations
were made. Coursing will commence on
the arrival of ,the 10:15 a. m. train.
The dogs were paired as follows:
Midweek reserve stake. 64 entries— Erwln &
Lyon's Sliver Wings vs. Captain Clarkson's
Flower of Gold; H.- A. Deckelman's -Flyaway
vs. Paaha . Kennela' Risky Attempt; Curtis &
Bonn' Kibosh vs. It. B. de B. Lopez & Bon's
Mlnne Wa Wa; J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory
v«. T. J. Cronln's Vixen; A. Van der White's
Lear King vs. J. J. Edmonds 1 Whisky Hill: H.
Lynch' s Clalborne vs. Curtis & Sons' McKln
ley; Curtis & Sons'.Psycha vs. F. Jones' Day
light; P. J. Rellly's Moonbrlgrht vs. F. A.' Me-
Comb's Patriot; Curtis & Sons" Echo. vs. Maher
$ Held' s Nellie Bawn; Chlarlnl Bros.' Santo
nin vs. R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Sweetness;
Chlarlnl -Bros." Brass Button vs. J. Smith's
Boney Boy: F. Jones' Tom Hurllck vs. F. A.
McComb'a (names) Bona Fide; R. : E." de B.
Lopez & Son's Diablo vs. Aeneld Kennels'
Achilles; E. H. Mulcaeter's (names) Safeguard
vs. D. J. Healy's Ntcasio; Pasha Kennels' Rest
Assured vs. O: Zahl's Tony Bowers; T. J. Cro
nln's Daisy Dale vs. J. Keenan'a (names) Lady
gears; L. F. -Bartels', Betsy Barrow vs. George
Sharman's Miss. Skyrocket; Curtis & Sons' Ro
slnante vs. Pasha Kennels' Gold Nugget; H."A.
Deckelman's Belle Rocket vs. L. F. Bartels'
Beer Brewer; Russell & Allen's Wedding Bells
vs. A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty; J. McNeil's
Pearl Mao vs. Russell & Allen's Belle Clalr;
E. Bauermelster's Los Angeles vs. F. Mack's
Delia M ; P. J. Retlly's Plough , Boy vs. A.
Johnson's Bald Eagle; Aeneid Kennels' Aethra
vg.~ E. Bauermelster's . Winning Ways; - P. J.
Rellly's j (names) Peter West vs. A. Johnson's
Tod Sloan; O. Zahl's Miss Wilson-- vs. H.
Lynch' s Llnton; O. Zahl's Miss Allan vs. T. J.
Cronln's Vandal ; " J. Trade's Old Glory vs. P.
Doyle's Thelma; Curtis - & Sons' ¦. Cash ; vs J."
Smith's Master Workman; A; Massey's Hadl
wist vs. " Aeneld ' Kennels' Agamemnon; T. Mc-
Cool's Fin McCool vs. J. J. Edmonds'- Go On-
Russell & Atlen'a Scotland .Yet vs. H. H. Wal
ker'a'Cora Pearl.-
List of Entries for Wednesday's
Event at TJnion
Park.
The draw for the Union Park."Wednes
day midweek- stake was held last night at
FAST HOTJNDS WILL RUN
¦3& IN THE MIDWEEK STAKE
AULO^r the iraar help
THEM TO CELEBBATE
Ladles of the Sorosls Club Hold An
nual Reception and Entertain
Their Friends.
"Sorosl3 day," the first Monday In De
cember, was duly celebrated last evening
by the members of the club, at their cozy
rooms, 1620 California street.
Once a year the Sorosis members extend
to the gentlemen the hospitality of their
clubrooms and let them enjoy a peek into
the delights of tlieir club life. This is
a privilege that is greatly sought after by
the sterner sex, and last evening the
blackcoats were as numerous as the hand
some women in ; their stunning costumes
The Sorosis rooms put on a holiday
dress for the affair, and were gayly dec
orated with holly berries and a wealth
pf palms and ferna and vines. On the
lawn that adjoins the clubhouse a tent
had been erected and there an olaborata
supper was served. '"toorato
A delightful musical programme •a™.
duties she was assisted by Mm m i>
Iliggins. Mrs. John Bakewell Mm f m"
\Vood, Mrs. William Manning Mr-" I ¥'
Dunbar, Mrs. B. B Younir lixit n U L<
ittlfiti
The Chinese Almanac.
disorders* troubles, it will cure all these
He Is Forced From the Field Into Which
He Brought Scandal, Disgrace and ,
the Debauchery of Honest Sport. '
CALIFORNIA TURF IS
FREE OF LORRIGAN
p^rpCHE momentous question whether
I a rnaie child of American parent
j age, happening to be born abroad,
,,JL can ever become eligible to the
office cf President of the United
States Is still open for discussion and
vajrer. An Incident connected with the
interesting controversy created some com
motion at the Union League Club ln the
Palace Hotel yesterday. The assistance
of the police was sought not to quell a
riot but to prevent one of the parties to a
wager from walking away with a twenty
dollar gold piece pending a decision on the
.foregoing subject.
Eix or ssven months ago D. B. McKln
lay and George Curtis, members of the
club, exchanged opinions on the question.
The outcome of the discussion was a
warer. Mr. McKinlay took the affirma
tive, holding that a son born cf American
parents would be eKgible to the first oftice
la this country even if such son were born
in a foreign country. Mr. Curtis took the
negative of the proposition. Each put up
520 and agreed that Joseph Simonson,
whose character for integrity Is estab
lished beyond all doubt, ebouid hold tbe
tteke of $10.
Time wore slor.g and still no Judicial de
termination of the problem was obtained.
Judge Kstee. Frank Coombs, Judge
<Jaroutte, Dan T. Cole, Colonel Jefferson
UoolitUe, Colonel George H. Pippy. Sam
uel M. Shortridge, ex-Senator A. P. Wil
liams end many ethers expressed their
views. The preponderance of the expres
sion was largely in D. E. McKinlay'a fa
vor. Mr. Curtts. however, wanted a de
cision by the Federal Judges. W. V. Mor
row and J. C. de Kaven, but he could not
obtain their judgment.
In the course of time Mr. Simonson was
called East. Before his departure he ar
ranged with the principals of the wager
to transfer the etake to Mr. Cory and it
was no transferred. After an absence of
K-veral weeks Mr. Simonson returned to
San Francisco and found that a decision
had not been rendered. He had no incli
nation to resume his position as' stake
holder, but at the urgent request of Mr.
Cory reluctantly consented to again take
charge of the money, as' the principals
wore willing that the second transler
should bt made. Accordingly the parties
concerned went into the office of the club
yesterday to witness the reconveyance of
the coin *to the original stakeholder.
As the money vas placed on the desk
D. E. McKinlay is willing to leave the
whole question in dispute to The Call, and
this journal doea not hesitate to assert
that if the American flag be hoisted by
American parents at tho time of the birth,
no matter in what land the boy happens
to be born, he will be eligible to the office
of President.
A suit in replevin may be Instituted to
enable Curtis to draw down his "twenty,"
but such a proceeding. If succesful, would
still leave the main and momentous ques
tion in the air. In that event Mr. AlcKinlay
would haul down his golden piece, and the
wonder would still be whether an Ameri
can boy, bo unlucky as to be born In an
other country, could ever become Presi
dent-of the United States.
The upshot of the affair was a journey
of ell parties to the Hall of Justice. In
the office of the Chief of Police and ln the
District Attorney's office Curtis was ad
vised to pay the money" to the stakeholder.
After several warnings he surrendered the
coin to Mr. Simonson.'
At this stage of the game Curtis con
cluded that it would be clever to walk
eway with the coin and give Simonson
time to reflect, but Simonson quickly put
c stop to the retreat by Bending the office
boy to summon the police.
An officer came and listened to the
statement of each party, but after listen
ing gave notice that he could not interfere
unless a warrant was demanded. The
original stakeholder gave prompt notlca
that a warrant would be called for if Cur
tis did not surrender the money.
Mr. Curtis reached suddenly, grabbed one
cf the double eagles and placed It ln his
pocket. The act did not accord with Mr.
Hiraonson's sense of Justice or decorum,
hence he demanded that the money should
bo instantly placed in his possession, as
he was responsible as stakeholder until
the bet was - decided. Mr. Curtis declined
to return the money, but offered to give
a receipt for it. Mr. Blmonson, ¦with firm
ness and alert sagacity, spurned the prop
osition to take a receipt, and reiterated
bis demand for the coin.
ATTORNEY GEORGE F. CURTIS AND THE COMPLICATIONS HE
CAUSED THROUGH HIS EAGERNESS TO REPOSSESS HIMSELF OF
A DOUBLE EAGLE PUT UP AS A WAGER
ii l , ls , known that around the tracks where un
limited-racing Is permitted there gather all
manr.erof disreputable men and women, and that
their corrupting Influences are widely felt, par
ticularly by the young. San Mateo County be
ing ln a ppeclal sense a community of homes
would suffer the gravest evils from the tolera
tion of such a class of persons around a race
track within the county limits. In the county
there are no slums in which touts and toughs
of the track gang could hide out of sight, so
they would be always a conspicuous allurement
to vice. Moreover, the county has no extensiv»
bollce force to keep watch on the criminal and
hoodlum elements of the track gangs, and con
sequently their presence In the county would
be a menace to property and person.
Your petitioners for these reasons believe tho
welfare of the county, both morally and mate
rially, demands that strict limitations be put
'¦ REDWOOD,- CITY, Dec. 3.— Racing in
San Mateo . County is to be limited to
thirty days in each fiscal year. This
and no more^can the horsemen have for
their sport. The Supervisors of the
county have not yet adopted the ordi
nance which will make this restriction
a law, but they have indicated their pur
pose to do so and steps have already been
taken which advance the reform well on
toward accomplishment. An exciting
meeting of the Supervisors was held to
day to consider the matter and on De
cember 17 it is expected that the ordi
nance-of restriction will be adopted.
When the Supervisors met- to-day, the
Rev. Dr. Martin, one of the prominent
clergrymen of the county, appeared with
a petition asking that racing be limited
In the county to a period of thirty days,
lne reverend gentleman represented men
-2Li claB ses, creeds and reputable con
dition in the county. The petition was
Bignea by these men and was as follows:
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors of
can Mateo County:
Your petitioners respectfully request the en
actment of an ordinance forbidding horse rac
ing in this county for more than thirty days
1" *ny fiscal year.
This petition Is founded upon a desire to
protect the county from the evils that invari
ably result from unlimited racing. Wherever
eucn racing has been permitted there has been
aeveioped in the community a practice of
habitual gambling that has affected every class
or the community and produced all forms of
cr 'me from embezzlement to suicide.
t- T i. e e Mrience ot aI1 Kreat cltI « a ln
United States from the Atlantic to the Pacific
Coast has demonstrated that there Is a wide
difference between legitimate racing held for
a limited season in each year and designed for
hr.1. 61 3f °) IraBe , ment of horeo breeding and that
unlimited racing whose chief object Is to pro
¦ e . |d a i? e . an * for Rambling. The one Jias been
« tu^t c e com , mun| ty. the other has been
5»vii i Ji no ' orlou! > have been the crimes
»lu W? directly from track gambling that
unlimited racing Is now prohibited in every
important community ln America.
The crimes resulting from the allurements
and corruptions of track gambling in San
Francisco were such as to compel the closing
of the track there. Among those crimes were
aeralcatlons, robberies, murder and suicide
P. or were those offenses committed solely by
low and vicious men. On the contrary, some
cf the most respected families ln the city are
mourning to this day because some member was
tempted to crime by associations with the
track.
Special Dispatch s to The . Call.
Supervisors of the County Will Limit
the Game to Thirty Days' Sport
in Every Fiscal Year.
" ; - .", •¦¦ ¦ ¦*
upon horse racing here, as Is done elsewhere,
and accordingly we petition, that such limit be
fixed at thirty days tn each fiscal year.
; Accompanying the petition was the pro
posed ordinance limiting racing to thirty
days. The document was as follows:
ORDINANCE. XO.....^_ '>:' V*
•The Board of ¦ Supervisors of the county of
San Mateo do ordain as fellows:
'Section I.-. It shall be unlawful for any pec
son, firm, partnership, association, corporation
pr individual, at any place within the county
of San Mateo, either within or without the in
closure of a race track, park or grounds, to
hold. or give or permit or conduct horse race*
or. horse race meetings or contests of speed
or endurance " between horses for any purse.
Stake or premium for any period of time longer
fhan twenty-four days In or during any nscal
year in the county of San Mateo.
¦Sec 2. It shall be unlawful for any person,
nrm. Individual, corporation or association own-
I"K or operating or conducting or In control
pf any racetrack, park or inclosure within the
county ot San Mateo whereon races have been
held during any n>cal year, for the time per
mitted by this ordinance, to thereafter, during
»uch fiscal year, permit or suffer or allow any
other person, firm, association, corporation or
Individual' to hold, conduct, manage or take
part In any hone race or any contest of en
durance or speed or race between horses within
said racetrack, park or inclosure.
b«?c. 3. Any person, firm, association, cor
poration or - individual violating aay of the
provisions of this ordinance shall b» deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor and punished by a
Rue not exceeding $500 or Imprisonment not
exceeding six months, or both.
The presentation of the petition and the
proposed ordinance provoked a discussion
which was extremely - animated, and
reached at one stage a point where the de
oaters called one another emphatic triflera
with the truth. The Rev. Dr. Martin
pleaded eloquently for the ordinance on
the lines suggested in his petition. He
was followed by his only antagonist, W.
J. Martin, president of the South San
Francisco Land and Improvement Com
pany, who appeared for the racetrack peo
ple of Tanforan and. he said, for other
property interests, including the San
Francisco and San Mateo Railroad Com
pany. While he was speaklns the Rev. Mr.
Martin interjected, and both gentlemen
were called to order by President McEl
voy of the Board of Supervisors.
President McElvoy announced that the
board had decided to limit racing in the
county to thirty-six days, but the mem
bers had no wish to take snap judgment
on the racing men, and woujd net Decem
ber 17 for the final hearing of the case.
The racing men will then be heard, but
no petition from»them is desired.
This places racing In San Mateo In a
peculiar situation: If the ordinance had
been adopted to-day it would have re
mained, in accordance with the wishes of
the Supervisors, to read twenty-four
days, as Tanforan has already had twelve
racing days, and thirty-six days are to
be the limit. If the ordinance is adopted
on December 17 It will read twelve days,
as Tanforan will then be commencing a
twelve-day meetinp. and the ordinance
will not go into effect until fifteen days
after its adoption. It is very clear, there
fore, that racing is limited to thirty-six
days in the county. * -•
BARRIERS AGAINST
SAN MATEO RACING
WAGER IN A CLUB
CAUSES A SCENE
George Curtis Grabs Twenty Dollars
From Stakeholder, Who Calls
the Police.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4.V 1900.
BUSY TIMES FOR
THE BOOKMAKERS
lalent in Rare Form on Reopening Day
at Oakland— Ring Hard Hit, :
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
> A J^ A J^.^CETRACK ; MondaxDecember 3. 1900.— Weather fine. Track fast.
J4^0. FIRST RACE-rQne mile; three-year-olds and Upward; purse, HOO.
im feT * -ir 3 7 l?u ? 4 I? o ln Coburn~ 6-5 8-5.3-2 3-5
ifsiP^Pl^ SfelSi i 2 si 2 i i
1^ 1 ; 33^ Qood«t«rt. Won flnt three driving. Winner.
1427.^ SECOND RACE-SevenfuTlongsr^en^
h^jHor.e^Aw.JVggbt.jprtlSt. U. M . ? str. Fin. [ Jockeys." '^^'^l^r'R
lm aSSS^S^SJS i" J' !„ . 2 i 1L I 2 °^~™~ ™ ™ w «-s
(hoi) oir Li«i e B:::::lS II ?S J? s h 4 ? V • £? b^ rn -.t- « 8 ?« 2 4
14C8 (Ollnthuis i 11 So *V *i 5" ol Wedderst d 6 10 9. 4
its! oimond!' 4 .:::::*io7 \ 1 H ii 1 h h 6 4 J F-A one r ¦ ,; is I; 15 «
isSlini;!? Ill i I II
"" Safe .'.:¦::::» S S -j' »^ S' " J^;::: S 3 2 J
in^~ Wln 1 nii-"kii^^"j'*-iT- 1: * 00^ : Wl M?v Poor »tart. Won eaelljs. Second and third drlv
bu^n oS? Ilrr?. ?.n Waterhouse's b. «g. by Lord Clifden-Tenriie B. Pat had apeed to
»n™bu°blan« s l a vv,r V 8 H Wn? l T rl "i Ollnthus pocket-d most of the route. Rlnaldo
ioi? MlUen ?02. y> Herculean won't .do. 'Broke down. Scratched-Edgardo
1428. THIRD RACE-Slx furlongs: eelUne: twn.v> B r. o idg;. purae, »350. ¦¦
Index Horsejind JVelght. m|st. %. %. Btr. Fin. Jockeys.
1' S"I| 1 1: Si 11 " » a^TTri
(14IS) Sota Ml I \ A II 5h 3ns c ° bu '-n 15 30 30 7
lies G«lUntht.« \m 5 2 il 2h *2 *1 O'Connor... 2 14-5 14-5 3-3
1313 B»n M«r« w I % II 72 « H B 1 Wedderst'd 6 8 8 2
•"'0 'pfcklw inn ii ??/ J? 2% 62 Tullett 2° lf)0 10 ° 40
VU DoriPA '"22 J 1 2H 5 2 7 5 7 8 Mcunce 30 60 60 12
The F1W ,2§ 5 1 82 S2 820 « 15 V Martin 20 80 . 60 25
.... The Elk 1Q3 7 8 9 9 9 9 >Pomlnlck ... 10 15 25 , S
""S'.w^i.^v' 1 ' 1:M *i Falr start - Won flret three drivinB. Winner. J. F.
Aowriim«L™ ?• Winner is fpeedy and K ame. Screenwell Lake
Special lSrerve™03 Bernota bothe "d In stretch. Galanthus almost left. Scratched
1420. FOURTH RACE-One mile and a sixteenth; Monday handicap; all brps; purse. »S00.
Index [Horse, Age. Weight. P°t St. U. H- Str. Fin. Jo^kej-8. I^T pi?
'lln ™S' ? tl l\ 21^ I3 tn H~ Doln7nlck~* 2 6-2 11-5 il
\U\ SH*^' 2 *• 3 3 Hi lh in 2ns .1. Walsh.... 5 12. 12 3
1351 L 7" ,£ :h ? h 3n 31 3 ns |J. Martin.... 4-5 1 1 1-3
-iii Malay. 4 104 4 4 4 4 4 4 |J. 'Woods.... 4 9-2 9-2 4-5
T fl?TrViJ~- :0 S!i : i 6 " 18 ' : -^ 4: 9 " 16l -r :5E ' i: 13 ' 16 - 1::0V4: mJIe - 1:<0 = » 1-1«««. !:<«• G 00 ** start- Won
SvJ ir«T,i% fc rt ln 5 # lnner ' J - Coffey'a b. c. ,b>- Ooldnncb-Abilone. With a better ride
ntw? «?»£f . e 2 returned winner. He was pocketed on rail most ot the distance.
1430. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Index Horse, Age, Weight. ;Pst St. U- H- Htr. Fin. Jockeys. ' Op. PK
JI\f° r X* 4 r' 103 5 3 3 h 3 2 3 * 2 % Mcunce 10 10 S 5-2
.... Gibraltar, 5 110 8 6 21 2' 24 2 2 rohiirn a ? » 11 k ?
a«j) pu P u 1 95 37 in i» 4 1 MaTun .::::• M il "ii »
1335 Pomplno 4 107 15 7 2 6 1 4h 5h Farrcll 10 15 12 S
..:: Pr^dUaVo-fr^ l\ \\ \\ U o W 7*&sr? \l >5 S 4
n«S ni?ui U 7 ena '- 4 '- 1 2 ! i i 1 I 1 «H 8 10 O'Connor ." | 3 8 1
(1S30) Daniel, 1 P6 4 ) 9 9 9 9 9 Loguo 30 80 80 20
FSSw*: w.^^V :4^' 4: 5 1 8 i art e* 0^ 1 Daniel. Won handily. Second and third
S.5P&2 ¥„$? r U D^t, H * R °S e » • c>>. g. by Et, Carlo-Sarta Cruz. Winner away well
??k..S » S£m ??; , The , or y r*" his race. Gibraltar won't run much faster. Fomnino re
yj* i,X * S I T oi Z g oven , Bea^, v hlm , la mlni1> Mlss Rowena not there. Pupil had
bad luek. Scratched-Hermoso 115, Bbundlee 94. Asian 110. Ordnun* 97.
1431. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; maidens; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $300.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. Pst St. H. %. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. ' Op. Hl'^cf TU
1235 Ulloa, 4 104 5 6 6h 2 h Tn Tl Coburn ~ 2 3 Ts^ Ts
1425 Onyx. 4 119 2 8 4^ 11 2 2 2 2 Frawlev ' I 1 \ i
1373 Louise Hooker. 6.104 7 3 3 % 4 * 4 2 h See 15 30 20 S
1»4J Delia Connors. 4..1O8 1 2 ,ln n 31 46 E Jones""" ll 20 »0 '?
1294 Senator Matts. 4.. 119 8 1 61 6H-B3 610 K. Turner I! U 20 ior- 8?
;;« Rein* Murphy. 4.104 4 77 79V4«« J. Wooda.... 4 7 7 5-1
«1 Si? n ??£ 4 i -M — •"* « *¦«» " 7-7 O'Connor... 4 15 12 5 J
48t Del Rio, 4 104 6 » ... j. Miller 15 25 23 8
T ™?~ i A' n^^V^W 4 ' 1:1 l '^d^art. Won easily. Second and third • driving Win
wit'hm.V if Sp t rec iJ els ch - "h b y imp. Crelrtton-lmp. .Zara. Ulloa did all she was asked
without effort. Onyxran his race. Del Rio ran away two miles. 'Ran away.
Hall.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HURRY UPF
Everprhere one hears that expression
•hurry up!" It is a g-enulne Americanism
I v expressive of the
¦ v >^ "rush" in which we
live. Nothing- is swift
\ enough for us. We
aS^^ I race against stea a
-^f^t anc * lightning and find
V^JJ . them slow. We
'yUWtf'^ I' »^ RTudge tbe lime given
Iw; *5\ 1 p to eating, and rash
Lj^v J !'rv { throujth meals as
1 /sbJfi£&. f*J < thoujjh life depended
j^^^^^S ;^i i upon our haste.
U^SS^^W i Life does depend on
BMQbExL. n onr hasle » but not >n
WuBBRSsiSKj'/ ih&t 6e . nse - J^k fl t
t l^ e obituary columus
"f^/jr^l I ' oi the papers and
' ' Fee ovr many prorni-
{''--"'¦^'sHH i cent men are carried
ti«r> • ' **t \l-^ away by "stomach
%T trouble," "tcute indi-
' r cestion" and other re-
i^^a lated diseases. Their
1 lives have in general
I J^S been sacrificed to the
\§fM\ haste and rush of
»5Sf j business which over-
jjEKTj ' looked the fact that
\ food can °nly nourish
: Mft —m e body when.dijfest-
s5jI /? e d a n d Assimilated
v^ and that the digestive
and assimilative processes can't be hurried.
Dt. Pierce 's Golden Medical Discovery,
cures diseases of the stomach and the asso-
ciated organs of digestion and nutrition.
The source of all physical strength is food,
properly digested and perfectly assimilated.
: fey enabling the perfect digestion and assim-
ilation of food "Golden Medical Discovery"
increases and enriches the blood supply
¦ and sends new strength to every organ of
the body.
"I was at ov.— time as X thought almost at
.death'* door." writes Mr. I. S. Bell, of Leaado,
Van Burea Co., Iowa. "I was confined to ray
house and part of the time to my bed. I had
.taken quantities of medicines but they only
'seemed to feed the disease ; but I must say that
'Golden Medical Discovery' has cured me, and
to-day I am stouter than I have been for twenty
.years. I an now forty-three years old."
, . Free. * Dr. Pierce'« Medical Adviser sent
free to you on receipt of stamps to pay
•expense of mailing only. Send thirty-one
one-cent stamps for cloth bound book or
twenty-one etamps for paper covers to Dr.
TBL V." Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. - " -
Says a rural editor:" "Mon«v i« «»«
but not quite close enough fTustote^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Unequalcd I
H Si iau, Sadler, ScCoTfe
1 5ANFRANCISC0,CAL. I
1OOO shares of Pacific Crude Oil
Company's stock, operating in tha
McXittrick and Sunset Districts,
now boring their second well, with
non-assessable stock, having been
incorporated under the laws of AtI-
| zona, which provides (THAT PRI-
VATE PROPEBTY IS EXEMPT
PROM CORPORATE DEBT) Arizona
law, 25o per share on easy terms.
On the 19th of November this
company struck a gusher on section.
24-30-21.
Apply at the office of JAMES R. T.
MEESHON, Oil, Land and Stock
Broker, 537-538-539 Parrott 2Idg.
?0*0«0+0*0«0«0»0*0*0»0<»0«3^
|¥SEHY IS HEALTHFUL f
O Boft *'th medicinal qualltljv i
o /lasa Cr * n <^g 88 ts°n aai 2
o jflPlf L Stomach Disorders. °
i|« E °""" ed VICHY^"
? -^g^£| i N sipHONS *
ipSffitewuVJCHYl
% ¦ W^^M : GCt thO G » nu!ns O
? .mi l *11rV"in!rVMi l Jt *
O a. V1GNIER. Distributing A*ant *
? O»O*O*O-*O*O*O.-*v>»O*>C»O*O»
IILLO UUIIL.U
We will pey |2S to any on« who c*aaot tw
cured with one box or VERUS PILE CURE.
Price $2.
Over 6000 cures. No claimant for reward.
"I am aura my case o; pile* was as bad at
any case conld be. I had them fifteen yean
and tried all tort* of remedies. I saw tfw
Verns Pile Cure advertised, bought a box. with
little nope of a cur*. Imagine my «urprtw»
when five application* cured me. It t» tn»
be»t to the world. j. MORRISON
"Salt Lake City. Utah."
VERUSPILE CURE CO., RflL 226. Wilson WOCi
Or Ellington Drut; Co.. Aeenta! Los Angeles.
$ vwrO R. '. 4 ORDAN* si b«a? I
#MUSEUH OF ANATOHYf
\ XSf The L»rjnt Anatomical Mmejn in t>t \
W V/oitd WakiuetMn or any contracted «
® fits-SMI !> P ecI » ii «<-a«^C«u. E5t.36yti.-v £
$ »2^L8 C8.S0R0AM-P81V ATE DISEASES*
\ 8 @£^§ tonvjltatlon frsfl »r.d strktty prm:- \
0 0 J&'X H Tt * K»ent personally rt by letter. A ff
\ a W 11 8 "•' ne * T
Or'/ 11& V.'ritefrrBnok. PHIl.O^«B»aiV«* J
T II 1 M»snuijK, mmlbo rasa. ,'.\f
A ii £J. valuable book for mm) \
7 Bit. JUQOA.X A CO., 1CSI ilirt« St.S. F. £
DB, MEYERS & CO, ,gfii%
Specialists. Disease jipF*
and weakness ot %&& _j[
men. Established }&£/ "^SJt^§?x
1SSL Consultation P>^
and private book VtT* / VI
tree, at office or by 4i&wa
mall. Cures guar- u*'i'
anteed. 731 Mar-
ket street (elevator l^Wl^iiilwS
entrance), San -^j^ Jr^fjrlL
RUPTURE
T8gB3S&TL/C*r »*lvea, lctlona. cam-
lin^S^f^i^f^SsiS^^ mon trusses, or
R~^i$t]PjLr^r-- "Quack" operations.
fj — <¦/§*£*- "OR. PIERCE'S MAGNETIC
\\ /JB(\. ELECTRIC TRUSS" Is dlf-
U /ffl\ fe-ent It does the work t
x C7"POOKLCT NO. 1" kIvpt
full Information. ¦ Call or -writs
for It.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.
62O Market at. <opp. Palace Hotel). S. F.
<RkI IAI#t Laflln * Ran<1 Waterpro;'
||| I |l O Smokeless Powder, la bils
ImIIIu^ «nd loaded In «hell3. S?m
ill DmiI Iot catalcEU« of *porttn<
Ullll W eood». GEO. W. BHRSVK.
" m 729 Market St.Trunks. Valises. Trunks.
Don't forget our carload prices, when
looking for trunks. Dress suit cases,
valises, traveling bags, coin purses and
pocketbooks. All nice leather goods let
tered In gold without cost to purchaser.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Colonel John S. Williams.
LAFAYETTE. Ind., Dec 3.-Colonel
John 8. Williams, third auditor of the
treasury under President Cleveland, died
to-day, aged 77.
Ludwig Jacobowski.
BERLIN, Dec 3.— Ludwlg Jacobowski,
th© poet and novelist, died to-day of ty
phoid fever, _ — ~-.^
Steamship Portland to Be Put on the
Panama Run.
SEATTLE, Dec. 3.— The Nome steamer
Portland sailed to-day for San Francisco.
During . the winter : months she will be
found on th© South Pacific run, accord
ing to present plans of her owners,.be
tween San Francisco and Panama and
probably operated in conjunction with the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
steamer St. Paul, which was recently
chartered for that run. ;
Another vessel, the Centennial, Captain
WILL PLY DOWN COAST
SEATTLE, Dec. 3.— Major Willis and
Captain Taylor returned to-day from Fort
Casey, Fort Flagler and Fort Worden,
whither they went last week to make an
official test of the big guns of the lower
Sound' fortifications. The test was con
ducted by Captain William Crozier of the
staff of General Buffington. chief of the
Ordnance Bureau of the United States
army. The work was finished on Satur
day night at Fort Worden.
Speaking of the test, both Major Willis
and Captain Taylor said that It was a
complete success in every particular. The
guns worked splendidly. Captain Crozier
left for Portland, whence he will go to San
Francisco. ..••'¦'
Be in Excellent Condition.
Puget Sound Fortifications Found to
BIG GUNS TESTED.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
sions Granted.
Postofflce Changes and List of Pen-
WASHINGTON. Dec. 8.— Postmasters
appointed: Washington— William O. Greg
ory, Burlington, Skaglt County, vice
Marie Pond, resigned; Peter D. Harkness.
Evenson. Whatcom County, vice Annette
3 M. Simpson, resigned: Nicholas G.
Velson. Independence. Lewis County, vice
Le Roy Meyers, resigned. ,._,,,
Pensions Issued: California— Original—
-><3orge F. Riley. Tulare, *8. Additional—
VVllley Moss. Sacramento. SS. Increase-
Edward Cotton. Clements. $8.
Oregon: Original widows— Anna E.
Flawes, Astoria, $8.
Washington: Original-Nathaniel W.
tfenderson, CcntraTia, $8. Widows-
Esther J. Barker. West Schund. $S.
CALIFORHIAITS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3.— L. H. Plant of
California Is at the Metropolitan: Clinton
E. Worden. Nelson T. Shaw, G. W. Price
r.nd wife and Rowe Purcell of San Fran
cisco are at the Raleigh; Joseph Spear.
Surveyor of Port of San Francisco, and
Mrs. Spear are In the city: ex-R*presenta
tlv« D© Vries of California, General Ap
praiser at New York, attended the open
in ir session of Congress to-day.
MUST PROVIDE
CARS FOR NEGROES
Kentucky's Law Is Upheld by the
United States Supreme
Court.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.-The Kentucky
State law requiring railroad companies In
that State to provide separate coaches for
colored passengers was made th© subject
of an opinion in the United States Su
preme Court to-day, the case being that of
th© Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad Com
pany vs. the State of Kentucky. It cam©
to this court from th© Kentucky Court of
Appeals. The opinion was handed down
by Justice Brown, and the Kentucky
court's Judgment In favor of the State was
affirmed.
Justice Brown stated that in this case
th© railroad company had attacked th©
statute on the ground that it was un
constitutional in that it is an interference
with interstate commerce. Justice Harlan
dissented, stating his opinion to be that
the law is an Interference with Interstate
commerce and also taking th© position
that th© Kentucky Legislature has no
right to classify citizens by color in rail
way coaches.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Mrs. Katrina Runge.
GERMANTOWN, Dec. 3.— Mrs. Ka
trina Runge. a pioneer woman of Glenn
County, died last night at the home of
her daughter, Mrs. A. T. Cummins, of a
complication of diseases. She was 62
years old. She Is survived by two sisters.
a brother and a daughter.
TEN YEARS IN PRISON
FOR GENERAL WHITE
Judge Weist Refuses to Take Cogni
zance of a Plea for Clem
ency.
LANSING. Mich., Dec. 3.— General W. L..
T.'hite of Grand Rapids. ex-Quartermas
ur-General of the Michigan National
Guard, to-day pleaded guilty to the charge
of complicity In the State military cloth
ing frauds, and was sentenced by Judge
Wiest to ten years' imprisonment-
After the plea of guilty had b^n entered
by the clerk. General White's attorney
presented a petition signed by 400 citizens
of Grand Rapids, urging that the utmost
K-niency permissible under the law be ex
f rcised. on the ground of White's previous
good record, the fact that this Is his first
offense, that financial restitution for the
frauds has been made to the State, and
that "White suffered greatly during the
year he spent abroad In exile while under
indictment. After a private consultation
with White, Judge Wiest took the bench
&nd said that no showing had been made
to mitigate White's offense. Th© Judge
declared that he believed White was th©
principal In the frauds and sentenced him
to ten years' Imprisonment at hard labor
In the penitentiary at Jackson.
COUNTESS CASTELLANE'S
INCOME IS LIMITED
Suit to Restrain Trustees Is Heard
Before Judge Leventritt of
Supreme Court.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— The suit of An
tone J. Dittmar against George J. Gould,
Howard Gould, Edwin Gould and Helen
M. Gould as trustees under th© will of
Jay Gould, to restrain them from, paying:
the Count and Countess de Castellane any
portion of their income from the Gould
property, was called in the Supreme Court
to-day before Justice Leventritt.
Colonel E. C. James, who appeared aa
counsel with Charles A. Gardiner on be
half of the Gould family, asked for an ad
journment on the around that the affi
davits had not been obtained from France
from Count and Countess de Castellane.
A representative of the law firm of Gugr-
Eenhelmer, Untennyer & Marshall, at
torneys for Dlttmar, asked that the mat
ter be held over until the second call of
the calendar, and Justice Leventritt ac
quiesced. #
Colonel James, the attorney for the
Goulds, made additional application to
have the injunction order modified to the
extent that the trusteoa could pay out of
the income of the trust funds at th© rate
of $25,000 a month to the Countess Castel
lane. pending the final decision of the
motion. This application was opposed by
Mr. Untenmyer, counsel for the plaintiff,
and after discussion Judge Leventritc
directed all the parties in interest to ap
pear before Justice Fitzgerald, who
granted the original order.
Mr. Gardiner Bald at his office subse
quently that th© matter had been ar
ranged without appearance before Judgo
Fitzgerald, in the following manner:
Pending the hearing and determination
of the Injunction motion the trustees of
the estate of Jay Gould are permitted to
pay to the Countess Castellane on»
twentieth of $250,000 each month on the
first day of the month, beginning with
the first of December. 1900, and except as
thus modified the injunction order is to
remain for the present as originally,pro
posed by Judge Fitzgerald.
CONTRACT IS LET FOR
LAYING LONG CABLE
Zealand, via Fanning, Fiji and
Norfolk Islands.
Will Connect Vancouver and New
LONDON, Dec. 3.— The Pacific Cable
Company has accepted in behalf of the
Government of Great Britain, New South
Wales, Queensland and New Zealand the
bid of the Telegraph Construction and
Maintenance Company to make and lay a
cable from Vancouver to Queensland and
New Zealand, via Fanning. Fiji and Nor
folk Islands, for £1,795.000. the work to be
finished by the end of 1902.
Big Blaze in Ohio.
TOUNGSTOWN, Ohio, Dec. 3.— Fire to
night gutted the six-story building occu
pied by the Stamburgh-Thompson Hard
ware Company. Loss $100,000.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 3.— The body of a
tramp was found 100 yards from the resi
dence of Paul Coulter, at the southern
edge of Santa Rosa, this evening, by Mr.
and Mrs. Frank Ely, who were walking
along the railroad track to the city. A
portion of the skull had been torn away
and at first it was regarded as almost a
certainty that the fellow had been. struck
by the southbound evening passenger
train and killed. Later developments, how
ever, gave rise to a suspicion that he may
have been a victim of foul play. When
Mr. and Mrs. Ely came across the body
it lay in a perfectly natural position, as
though the unfortunate man had been
killed while asleep. At about 7 o'clock
the police arrested a drunken man in that
vicinity, and it is possible that he may be
able to throw some light upon the mys
tery. The fact that Paul Coulter heard
two men quarreling at 6 o'clock at the
point where the tramp's body was found
gives color to the theory that the dead
man was not the victim of a railway acci
dent.
Suspicion That the Unfortunate Man
Was Not tlie Victim of a Train
Accident.
TBAMP POUND DEAD
BESIDE A RAILWAY
Eggles. will sail on Saturday for San
Francisco with a cargo of coal and Roche
Harbor lime. The Northwestern Commer
cial Company, which operated here during
the past .season in the Nome trade. ha3
already rechartered the vessel for that
traffic, to take possession cf her again
about May 1.
Agreeable advice Is seldom useful ad
vice.
VANCOUVER. Dec. t— Allen Cameron, as
sistant general freight agent of the Canadian
Pacific Railway. has resigned to becor.-.e
Asiatic manaeer o* the Oregon Railway a;id
Navigation Company, with headquarters at
Hongkong. .'
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3.— The annual re
port of Secretary Root is of more than
usual interest, owing to its wide scope
and the fact that it treats of subjects of
such importance as the Philippine insur
rection, the Chinese campaign,- the devel
opments in Cuba and Porto Rico and fin
ally with the subject of army reorgani-
Some idea of what the army has been
doing in the Held and at home is con
veyed by the Secretary's statements that
Its operations included the prosecution of
the war for the suppression of the Philip
pine insurrection and establishment of the
government in the Philippines, the rescue
of the foreign Ministers in Peking, the
preservation and the relief of distress in
Alaska and the construction of roads and
telegraphs there, the conduct of the gov
ernment of Porto Rico until May 1 last,
the conduct of the government of Cuba,
the construction of seacoast fortifica
tions, the garrisoning and maintenance of
mlltary posts and fortifications, the
discharge of a little over one
third of the army and the re-enlistment
of soldiers to take their places, and the
distribution of supplies to the scattered
The chapter of the report treating of
military operations In the Philippines is a
recital of the features of campaigns that
were conducted In the Islands during the
past year. It is said the purpose was to
pursue the bands of Filipinos scattered
throughout the islands. The effort was
successful and resulted in the further and
practically complete disintegration of the
insurrectionary bands: In the rescue of
nearly all the American and Spanish pris
oners; in the capture of many of the lead
ing insurgents and the destruction of
large quantities of arms and supplies.
Secretary Root says that with the exe
cution of the military plans there, all for
mal and open resistance to American au
thority In the Philippines terminated,
leaving only an exceedingly vexatious and
annoying guerrilla warfare of a character
closely approaching brigandage, which
will require time, patience and good Judg
ment to^nally suppress.
Secretary of War Files
His Annual Report at
Washington.
ROOT TELLS OF
ARMY'S WORK
SAN DTEGO, Dec. 3.— "vTork was commenced
this morning on the public library building for
this city for which Andrew Carnegie gave a
donation' of $50,000 eichteen months ago. The
building will be located on a halt block near
the business portion of the city.
SACRAMENTO, Deo. 3.— Early this morning
Lizzie Pattee, a woman of the half world and
a confirmed opium fiend, was found dead in her
bed In a lodging-house. Death was the result
of excessive use of morphine. . Nothing: Is
known concerning the woman's antecedents.
SAN DIEGO. Dec 3.— Orders have been re
ceivt-d for the battleship Iowa to proceed scuth
a week from to-day for target practice at Mag
dalena Bay. It is expected that the cruiser
Philadelphia will have arrived by that time
and she probably will accompany the battle
ship.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 3.— On account of the
crowded condition "^>f the Highlands Insane
Asylum arrangements have been made to
transfer a number of patients to Ukiah. A
special car that arrived over the Santa, Fe thin
afternoon contained twenty female patients
under the care of Dr. Topp and a corps of
nurses. It went north on the .Southern Pacific:
to-night. !
SUISUN, Dec. 3.— An inquest was held to-day
over the body of a Chinese named Jongr Chow
who Jumped from the " Pacific express yester
day, at a point between Cannon station and
Sulsun and was instantly killed. Chow.acteil
queerly pn the train anfl it is believed he com
mitted the act while mentally deranged. " He
came from Philadelphia and a ticket was
found in his pocket shoeing _ that he Intended
to return to China. ; • , ;
STOCKTON, Dec. 3.— The Western Union
Telegraph Company filed a complaint here to
day in a suit aealnst the County of San Joa
quln to recover $29 50 assessed to Its franchise,
the amount having been paid by the company
under protest. .< Assessor Ortman placed a valu
ation of $10CO on the company's franchise in
this county, and upon the refusal of. the com
pany to pay seized the safe from th« local of
fice, and advertised it for- sale-. Toe company
then paid the amount under . protest.
FORMER CADET BOOZE
DIES IN GREAT AGONY
Claimed Illness Was Ihie to a Hazing
He Received at West
Point.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 3.— Oscar L.
Booze, a former cadet at West Point Mili
tary Academy, who had been lying at the
point of death at'his home in Bristol, Pa.,
suffering from injuries which hls"p"arents
cla.im were the result of hazing at the
academy over two years ago, died to-day
in great agony. The cause of death was
throat consumption. It is alleged by the
young man's father that tobasco sauce
was poured down his son's throat while
the cadets were hazing him. The father
also claims that red peper was thrown In
his eyes, hot grea.se poured on his bare
feet, a tooth knocked out and that other
rtendish methods were indulged in. Short
ly after this, the father says. Oscar, be
cause of his physical condition, was com
pelled to resign his cadetship. The young
man grew steadily worse, but never
would divulge the names of the cadets
who 111 treated him. His parents told him
it was his duty to tell, but his only an
swer was: "I went there expecting to
take whatever medicine was given, and
it would not be right to complain against
the other boys."
WEST POINT, N. Y., Dec. 3.— Before
the death of young Booze at Bristol. Pa.,
was announced to-day, Colonel A. L.
Mills, superintendent of the military
academy, made the following statement:
"The many statements made in the
press of the country alleging that Oscar
L. Booze was atrociously hazed while he
was a cadet at the military academy to
such an extent that he is now dying from
Its effects, are untrue and ridiculous. Ex-
Cadet Booze was admitted to the military
academy June 20, 1S98, and resigned Octo
ber 31, 1808. He was on sick report but
once on July 30, when he was excused
from the drills on account of diarrhoea.
Had he been brutally beaten In a fight
with another cadet or had his throat been
injured in the manner claimed it would
have been Impossible for him to have
avoided the sick report. The reason given
for his resignation was weak eyes. His
record shows he was in the last section
in mathematics and the marks he re
ceived to date of his resignation were defi
cient. I believe herein lies the real cause
of his resignation, and I think it most
probable that stories of his alleged ill
treatment arise from statements he mada
In endeavoring to explain to his friends
why ho left the academy."
MAY PLA.CE BOUTIXIiE
ON BETXRED LIST
Plan to Give the Congressman the
Hank of Captain in the
Navy.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.— The Post will
to-morrow say: A plan is being contem-
plated to place Representative Boutelle.
nominally chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, on the retired list of the
navy with the rank of captain, after
which he would resign his seat in the
House of Representatives. Mr. Boutello
was a naval officer during the civil war.
COAST BREVETIES.
PARIS, Dec. 3.— The hearing of the
libel suit brought by Colonel Henry's
widow against M. Joseph Reinach, who,
in axticles published in the Siecle, accused
Henry of being the real traitor in the
Dreyfus case and said Esterhazy was his
accomplice, opened to-day in the Assize
Court. The audience was small. The ar
rival of former Minister of "War Cavag
nalc and Generals Mercier and Roget,
who are among the witnesses, numbering
altogether about 500, did not lead to any
incident worthy of note.
It is said M. Reinach has summoned
Dreyfus as a witness. The trial has been
frequently postponed for various rea
sons. At the outset of the hearing to
day the public prosecutor submitted- that
the Assize Court was not competent to
try the case and asserted that the Cor
rectional Court was the proper tribunal.
Maltre Leboire, for M. Reinach, ex
plained that the latter desired an im
mediate trial, not a postponement until
amnesty was enacted, adding that they
wanted full light on the subject. The
court decided it was competent to try
the suit, whereupon the public prosecutor
announced he would appeal to the Court
of Cassation against its competence.
Public Prosecutor Questions
Jurisdiction of Assize
Court.
LEGAL QUIBBLE
IN HENRY CASE
LONDON. Dec. 3.— The opening of the
Initial session of the Fifteenth Parliament
of Queen Victoria, occurred at 2 o'clock
this afternoon. It was a formal affair and
of little public interest. A small crowd
assembled to see the "beefeaters," who
carried out the usual search for possible
conspirators in the vaults beneath the
houses of Parliament with the customary
ceremonial and with the customary result.
There was likewise the usual competition
of zealous members of Parliament to be
first on the scene, and J. C. McDona, Con
servative member for the Rotherhithe di
vision of Southwark, easily secured the
choice of seats, arriving in the House at
midnight.
Although the only business before the
Hou6e was the election of a Speaker, the
attendance of members waa good in epite
of the absence of the Irish members. Mr.
Balfour, the Government leader in the
Houee and First Lord of the Treasury,
and Mr. Chamberlain, the Secretary of
State for the Colonies, arrived promptly
at 2 o'clock and were cordially welcomed
by their supporters. Sir William. Vemon
Harcourt and Sir Henry Campbell-Ban
nerman, the Liberal leader in the House,
were similarly greeted from the opposi
tion benches.
Geraid Michael Biddulph. the gentleman
usher of the Black Rod. appeared a few
minutes later and summoned the members
to the upper house to hear the reading of
the Queen's commission directing the
election of a Speaker. There waa no op
position to the re-election of William
Court Gully for a third term. Congratu
latory speeches followed. Tuesday and
Wednesday will be mainly devoted to
swearing in members.
The real work of the session will begin
Thursday with the reading of the Queen's
speech and the debates on the reply to
the address from the throne in both
houses.
The House of Commons adjourned until
2:45 p.-m. to-morrow. .
Only a handful of persons attended the
opening of the House of Lords, the dusky
surroundings of which, however, were
brightened by the presence of a number
of ladies. The Lord Chancellor, the Earl
of Halsbury, promptly dispatched the
Black Rod to summon the Commons. On
the arrival the royal commission was read
and the Lord Chancellor directed the
Commons to return to .the House and elect
a Speaker.
"vY hen. this brief ceremony was over the
House of Lords suspended business.
McDona of Southwark the
First Member to Secure
a Seat.
REASSEMBLING
OF PARLIAMENT
tion of the department. Captain Chester
was acting under his own discretion, and
it was regarded as probable that he would
seize upon the opportunity afforded by his
visit to make some representations to the
Porte as to the American mission claims.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3.— It was
said at the Navy Department
to-day that the visit of Cap
tain Chester and his staff of
the battleship Kentucky to
Constantinople was not by express direc-
COLOGNE, Dec. 3.— Mr. Kruger, afrer
he had received Emperor William's tele
gram, spoke as follows to a deputation
styled "Friends of the Boers":
"I hope with all my heart that the cir
cumstance which prevents his Majesty
from receiving me to-day will become
more favorable later. I shall never ceasj
to have confidence in the spirit of justice
of the Emperor, who. without know.r.s
me, sent me four years ago significant en
couragement. I shall stay some time at
i The Hague and will then renew my re
quest, and thl3 time the Emperor will rot
refuse."
Mr. Kruger was very sad, and afterward
retired to nis apartment in tears.
PARIS. Dec. B. — Emperor William's tel
egram to Mr. Kruger refusing to receive
him continues to be the chief subject et
comment in the French press. The aftr^
noon newspapers strike a note of sadnrsn.
They say they see in ais Majesty's action
the shattering of his reputation for chiv
alry. The Temps and Journal des Debate
explain Emperor Willie n's message by
the Anglo-German understanding on Afri
can rjuestions.
The Temps says: The Emperor's word
ing, that he would not receive Mr. Kro
ger on account of his position already
taken, is very clear. Every one under- .
stands that the Emperor, if not actually
fulfilling one of the clauses of the recent
Anglo-German accord, ia Inspired by the
spirit thereof in declining to receive Mr.
Kruger. Neither the declarations of
Count von Bulow or others have con
cealed from the eyps of the world that the
Emperor has declared his policy in favor
of England since he sent his famous dia
patcn on the Jameson raid. Mr. Kruger'g
advisers neither saw ncr foresaw any
thing, and they exposed Mr. Kruger to
the total check he has just experienced.
This perhaps is not -he first bad advice
they gave him. which explains many
things in the past.
Yves Guiot In the Sieele compares the
attitude of Emperor William with that ot
France, to the advantage of the former.
He says:
"Emperor William wished to show that
his Government had not surrendered its
power to the least enlightened class, and
intimated to Mr. Kruger that he was op
posed to his coming to Berlin to be ac
claimed by bands led by Mr. Leyds and
paid agitators. I can confirm to a certi
tude that if Mr. Kruger approaches the
Czar diplomatically he will meet with an
equally categorical refusal."
KRUGER FEELS
KAISER'S REBUKE
After a Brief Speech He
Retires to His Room
in Tears.
self. The letters had been destroyed. He
had taken defendant riding before she
went to Excelsior Springs, but never after
she returned from there. He had spent
several evenings with her at her brother
in-law's house and mentioned one evening
when he had been there at the invitation
of Miss Morrison. "I'll fix you," Castle
said she had told him as he left the house.
Qn cross-examination Castle admitted
that Miss Wiley objected to his wearing
ties made by Miss Morrison; that she had
become angry at defendant when shown
the Excelsior Springs letter, and that Miss
Morrison had never threatened Miss
Wiley, but, instead, expressed a desire to
bo friendly with her. In telling of defend
ant meeting him near his house, Castle
said he had told Jessie Morrison that if
she did not go away he would set the dogs
on her.
Just before Castle was dismissed from
the stand this afternoon the attorney for
the defense, looking witness squarely in
the face and speaking slowly; said:
"You have told what there was in
your relations with Jessie Morrison?"
Witness did not flinch when he replied,
"Yes, sir." , '
"There was nothing more intimate than
you have told?"
"No, sir."
The State concluded the examination of
its witnesses to-night. It used forty of
the fifty-one witnesses It had subpenaed.
An effort will be made by the prosecu
tion to-morrow to introduce into the evi
dence the clothes worn by Mrs. Castle at
the time she was assaulted, and a writ-
ten statement of hers, which purports t
be her dying statement.
The defense will fight the introduction
of this evidence. Judge Shinn has ruled
once that the clothes should not be ad
mltted in evidence. •
Later In the week Miss Morrison will
take the stand in her defense.
Mrs. Castle's dying statement was
made public to-night. It tells how Jessie
Morrison called on her on the morning of
the assault and how they discussed Miss
Morrison's relations with Castle. Miss
Morrison had a letter and asked if Mrs.
Castle had written it. Mrs. Castle said
no. The statement goes on:
"Jessie at first denied all that I told her.
but finding that it was of no use she then
confessed it all and said: 'We!!, you may
read the letter.' As she said this she
arose from the lounge and. passing in
front. of me and to my right, looking out
of the door, she asked me if there was
any one about the house. I saw the letter
In her left hand when she arose from the
lounge.
"The next thing I knew Jessie Morrison
struck me across the throat with a razor
which she had in her right hand. I do
not know where she took the razor from.
I tried to defend myself the best I could
from the blows. I cut my fingers In try
ing to get the razor from her. 1 also
screamed all I could. She was on top of
me. She got off of me and cut herself in
the throat and arms. I saw her do it.
"I do not know how many times Jessie
cut me or struck me with the razor, but a
great number of times."
DR. THOMAS H. NORTON. AMERICAN CONSUL TO HARPOOT. THE
REFUSAL OF THE SULTAN TO GRANT HIM AN EXEQUATUR RE
CENTLY CLOUDED THE DIPLOMATIC HORIZON.
THE HUSBAND OF THE WOMAN MURDERED AT ELDORADO. KANSL.
AND THE'RACKET STORE IN WHICH HE AND MISS JESSIE MOR
RISON WERE EMPLOYED.
• rf »o LDORADO, Kans., Dec. 3.— Olln
I Castle was on the witness stand
"^ for five hours to-day, during
. I -^ which time he detailed his rela
tions with Jessie Morrison before
the latter's fatal quarrel with Mrs. Castle.
Those who expected thafiils cross-exam
ination would reveal sensational testi
mony were disappointed. It was not dis
closed that his relations with Miss Morri
son had been anything but those of a
friend. It was shown that he had taken
Miss Morrison riding, had accepted ties
from her and received letters from her,
the latter after he had become engaged to
Miss Wiley, who afterward became Mrs.
Castle. Castle admitted showing some of
the letters to Miss Wiley and that they
made her angry with Miss Morrison. He
also admitted that Miss Morrison had
never threatened his fiancee, but instead
had made friendly overtures to her, It
was made plain that Jealousy over Castle
existed between the two women.
He said Miss Morrison had written to
him frequently last winter while she was
visiting at Excel:-:!or Springs. In one let
ter she asked him to corne and see her
Immediately, and raid that he was five
days overdue, and "in another, in which
she had asked him to write, she said that
she took the mail from the postofllce her-
Husband of the Murdered Woman On the
Stand at Eldorado.
CASTLE'S. RELATIONS
WITH MISS MORRISON
Mob Clamors for the Suspected A3-
sassins and Threatens to
Burn Them at the
Stake. Si
DALLAS, Texas. Dec. 3.— Screams ' of
agony brought policemen to a saloon in
East Dallas this morning at 1:30. Seated
In a chair unable to move was a man
whose garments were a mass of flame:!.
The policemen say Eugene Faulkner anil
J. W. Chapman were standing: behind thu
bar smoking cigars and watching the un
fortunate man, who was being roasted to
death.
•unr.g seme water here," shouted an
officer.
"Get It yourself," the policemen declare
one of the men replied. "L&X. him die.
What's the use of worrying over him?" '
One of the officers took off his coat anil
with it beat out the flre. The man wa*
sent to the City Hospital. sk>on after his
arrival at the hospital the two men who
were In the barroom were brought before
him for identification. Then it was that
the discovery was made that hid eyes had
been burned out. The Injured man died at
6 p. m. Ke was Pat Bay, for many yeara
a constable at- Garland, in this county.
It is clairr-ed by the police that Bay wa j
drugged and 'as he reclinetl in a chair
unconscious a quantity of turpentine was
poured over h'm and a match applied.
The man was literally roasifd. When th>»
heat ar.d pain had partially revived him
he called i>lteously f<>r help and hla
screams attracted the police. When news
of the outrage became widespread th »
greatest indignation v;as expressed. The
two suspects vrere put in the city jail ami
guarded by deputies.
Shdrtly after 10 o"c!ock to-night a mob
of fifteen or twenty men called at the jail
and demanded the men from the Jailer.
The Jailer swore that they were not In his
possession. They had been taken to Fort
Worth early in the evening, he declared.
"Well." said the leader of the mob. "If
we catch them we wlli burn them."
Faulkner and Chapman refuse to tali*
and no motive Is known for the crime.
Enemies Saturate His Cloth
ing With Turpentine and
Apply a Match.
BRUTAL MURDER
OF EX-CONSTABLE
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.— The War De
partment to-day received the following
dispatch, telling of the voluntary surren
der of a large number of insurrectionists
to General Young at Santa Maria. The
omission in. the telegram comes cf faulty
transmission or an inability to plausibly
decipher the missing words:
"MALACAXAN, Manila. — Adjutant
General. Washington: Tt^> thousand one
hundred and eighty Ktaipunan insur
rectos whom Consique enrolled (bolomen)
came from the mountains and surren
dered to (Jeneral Samuel B. il. Young to
cay at Santa Maria. (.They) renounced
insurrection and swore allegiance to the
VnSted States. The oath was adminis
tered by the padre at the church with im
pressive religious ceremonies. General
i"cung attributes the surrender to the
President's re-election and the vigorous
prosecution of th« war. Although no rifles
were surrendered, this is important as
indicating a reaction among the people.
"The movable columns of Samar and
Panay have commenced operations. The
'1 wenty-eighth Ufgirai-nt of United States
Volunteer Jnfantrv guesto Mindanao.
"MacABTHUR."
Santa Maria is a town of 30,030 Inhabi
tants, situated ninctoen milt-s from Ylgan,
In the province of Ilocos Sur.
General MacArthur also transmits the
following casualty list: Killed—Novem
ber 26. L'mbac, Luzon. Troop D, Ninth
Cavalry, Samuel Walker; November 24,
Malo!o5 v Luzon, Company F. Third In
fantry, Joseph H. Wenkler.
Wounded — Company L, Third Infantry,
Otto Kruger. Daniel O. Harking, wounded
In head, serious; November 11. Ca.batuan,
Panay. Company H. Twenty-sixth Infan
try, Otis Manchester, wounded in chest,
slight.
Uhe Navy Department has maic ar
rangements to send a supply of lumber.
nails, etc.. to Guam on the brig Spreckels.
•which will leave San Francisco on the 5th
or €th inst. jyiih naval stores for Manila.
The building material sent to Guam Is
for the purpose of repairing the extensive
damage done to that island by the
typhoon which destroyed the cruiser Yo
st mite in ihe harbor of San Luis de Apra
1 on the 15th. The supplies are sent in re
sponse to a requisition from Rear Admiral
Iiemey at Manila, based upon latest ad
vices from Guam. Further supplies will
be forwarded by the armv transport
scheduled to leave San Francisco for Ma
niia on the 15th Inst.
MacARTHTJB SENDS
CASUALTY LIST
the Philippine Isl
ands.
Names of Men Who Recently Died in
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3.— General Mao-
Arthur's latest death list from Manila fol
lows:
Dysentery— November 27, Troop K.
Fourth Cavalry. Wages A. Innes; Novem
ber 18, Company F. E!ghtee..th Infantry.
Harvey Bimson; Company A. Nineteenth
Infantry. Frank J. Smith: November 25.
Company B. Thirtieth Infantry. Christo
pher C. Krogel; November 6. Company A,
Nineteenth Infantry, Musician William H.
Dorey; November 20. Company B, Four
teenth Infantry. Frank Glumm.
Diarrhoea — November 28. Company B,
Thirty-fourth Infantry, Edward Hoover.
Heart disease— November 20, Twenty
second Infantry. John Van Zandt; Com
pany H, Twenty-fifth Infantry, Henry
Gape. ¦ *
Typhoid fever — November 26, Company
E. Kourxeenth Infantry, Edward Plerson;
Company M. Twenty-fourth Infantry,
James S. Wilson; November 27. Company
A. Thirtieth Infantry. William C. Grifford;
November 20. Company A. Thirty-ninth
Infantry. Sergeant Albert R. Kruger.
Drowned- November 2S. Twenty-fourth
Infantry, unassipned recruit. Charles G.
Geiser; November 24. Company G. Fourth
Infantry, Jacob Wlxsler; October 12. Com
pany D, Thirtieth Infantry, Andrew J.
Nelson.
Tuberculosis — November 26. Company A,
Thirtieth Infantry. John Randle; Novem
ber 14. Troop E, Third Cavalry, William
N. Renner.
All other causes — November IS. Company
A. Twenty-eighth Infantry, Joseph C.
Morgan; September 10. Company E. Twen
ty-fifth Infantry, John /jell; November 23,
Company M. Twenty-first Infantry, John
B. Sullivan; OctoVr 12. Company G. Thir
ty-eighth Infantry. Joseph L. Mowrey;
November 26. Company I. Forty-first In
fantry.'William S. Brown; October 18.
Troop F. Kleventh Cavalry. Sergeant Ver
nie J. Ed wares; November 26, Company B,
Forty-eighth Infantry. Isaac Reeves; "No
vember 24, Troop B. Third Cavalry, Far
rier Herman J. Jorgens; NoveroVer 26,
Company F. Thirty-eighth Infantry. Rey
"\\\ I>ihartz: November 4, Company L.,
Nineteenth Infantry, John J. Burry; No
vember 24. Company U~ Twelfth Infantry
Patrick O'Day; November 25. Troop H.
Third Cavalry. Samuel Byers; October 30.
Company L. Twenty-fifth Infantry. Wil
liam M. Burgess; November 26. Thirty
{.fih Infantry, principal Musician I^ewls
E. Gale.
Xavy Department Arranges to Send
a. Supply of Building Material
to Guam on. the
Spreckels.
MacArthur Reports Surren
der of Two Thousand
Bolomen,
MANY FILIPINOS
WEARY OF WAR
CHICAGO, Dec. 3.-Five raifway em
ployes were instantly killed and twelve
persons Injured by the explosion of a
boiler-house of the Chicago and North
western Railroad this evening. Four of
the Injured are hurt so badly that they
may die. The d,ead":
AUGUST CLAMMAN, section foreman,
crushed by falling walls while standing
near power-house.
ANTHONY KRAUSE, fireman at pow
er-house, internally injured; died on the
way to hospital.
AUGUST WEISS, section hand, struck
by boiler.
JOSEPH S. SPECHT, section hand,
caught under boiler.
HENRY SCIINUR, IS years of age.
clerk in auditing office of Northwestern
Railroad, neck broken by flying debris
while walking past power-house, ,
The seriously injured:
John Butterworth, chief electrician of
power-house, skull fractured, Internal in
juries; will probably die.
August Beck, Milwaukee, injured bv
part of roof of a parlor car falling on him.
Mrs. August Beck, Milwaukee, thrown
against seat; intf rnally injured.
Michael McGregor, severely burned;
may die.
A number of strangers were standing
around watching the dynamos in the elec
tric light plant.
Just as the explosion occurred the Ash
land limited train was pulling out of the
station. The greater part of the train had
l-assed and, although all the cars were
heavily battered with falling bricks and
df bris, only the last two coaches, a I'ul!
man sleeper and a drawing-room car, were
badly damaged. The boiler head and the
boiler Itself caught these coaches. The
boiler struck the rear car, while the boiler
hpad plowed through the one immediately
ir. front. Fortunately both Hew high and
struck the cars above the windows, carry-
Ing away portions of the roof and vesti
bule. Few of the passengers happened at
the time to be in the ends of the two cars
hit by the flying metal, and such of them
as were hurt were struck by flying splin
ters or suffered from being thrown vio
lently to the floor. '
On the train were Mr. and Mrs. August
Beck of Milwaukee and Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Bicker of Sheboygan, Wis. Both
couples were returning from their bridal
tour and all four were injured. Mrs. Beck
was dashed against a seat In the car and
sustained internal injuries which may
prove fatal. Neither of the cars was
thrown from the track, and the engine
drew them quite a distance before coming
to a stop. Traffic, however, was inter
rupted for nearly four hours. The destruc
tion of the electric lighting plant plunged
the station into darkness and the pile of
debris thrown across the tracks tempor
arily blocked suburban traffic. The cause
of the explosion la not known. The prop
erty loss to the road will be $100,000.
Tracks of Chicago and Northwestern
Railway Piled High With Debris
and Traffic Blocked for
Hours. v
Five Are Killed and Many
Seriously Injured at
Chicago.
FATAL EXPLOSION
OF BOILER HOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1900.
Captain of Battleship Kentucky Said to Be
Acting Under His Own Discretion.
VISIT OF CHESTER
TO CONSTANTINOPLE
Gold on the Alameda.
STDJCEY, N. S. W., Dec 3.— The Oceanic
Steamship Company'e steamer Alameda,
Captain von Ottendorf, which sailed
from Sydney for San Francisco, via
Auckland, Apia and Honolulu, carried
5300,000 in specie, — *-- — -^ _
5
I CAtJS'F Kidney Disease is oftentimes en-
I waUOL shrouded in, mystery. |
I FPFFCT Ki^y Disease is NOT mysteri-
I LiP F Liv/ 1 OUSt k ut j s known to all.
1 dJDp For -all -forms of .Kidney Disease is
I Warner's Safe Cure, A vegetable
\% specific, and for the past 21 years
1 favorably known in all parts of the i
i civilized world.
Q T*fc Tti i"V /"\ 1"^ »23i North Ashland Ave , Chidfvlll., August aa, looob •
5§ B. A\vr \J I Gentlemen :— When my physician first told me i"sat I had
« Bright's disease,- a co!d chill went over roe and I lelt at if I were 3
3J a doomed man. J-'or three months I took his prescription and kept
H - petting worse, when my druggist, who was a personal friend, told > : -
g me that in his opinion, Warner's Sate Curo was the best medicine |
gj en earth tor Bright's disease. I tco'< a bottle at once and gr*dn. t
H ally felt relieved. I kept taking it patiently and regularly for two
m months and words cannot describe my feelings when I found that '
3 I was cured.
»3 ' Bri^ht's disease is a thine of the past and I would like to say
¦ to everyone similarly affected, try Warner's Safe Care.
a Voars very respecdally, ;
I * JOE ROSE. I
[j FREE SAMPLE Warner's Safe Cure seat
h on receipt ol postal card. Address,
H Mention thi* Paper.Towneend's California glace fruits, 60e a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building. •
Christmas cards for 1900 and calendar*
for 1901 now on sale. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
Best eyeglasses, specs, 15c to 40c, at tl
Fourth, front of barber and grocery ntaf.*
Choice candles. Townsend's .Palace HoteL*
"I think I shall take Rnth to Niagara/*
"Didn't you Just go there on your wed
ding trip?"
"Yes; but now we want to go and aee
what It looks like."— Life.
Every time a man falls ln love h«
thinks it is the worst case ho ever had
in his life.— Atchlson Globe.
"Say, pa. what is an adult?**
"An adult. Jimmy, is a fellow- w*r>
doesn't kick out a good pair of sho«j
every week or so."*— Collier's Weekly.
"Mamma," said Johnny, "I don't believ*
this a health food."
"Why not, son?"
"It tastes good."— Chicago Tribune.
Cubans have demonstrated that they
can play baseball with<Hit trying to mob
the umpire.— Pittsburg Chronicle-Tele
graph.
"I do," answered Miss Cayenne.
"And yet I have heard you exzlalm to it
number of people, ' I am deuirhted to sea
you!"
"The remark was perfectlr trae In «ach
case, I shouldn't care to be blind, you
know."— Washington Star.
"You disapprove ot some of the conven
tional fictions?"
She had been reading th* health offi
cer's monthly report when, turmns
around to her husband, she said: "Whit
an awful malignant disease "total* mu«t
be. Why, Just look here— quite as many
people have died from that diseas« as
from all of the rest put together."— Boston
Journal.
"Well, I wonder how this marriage hap
pened to be brought about?"
"They simply fell In love with each,
"How unromantic!**— Denver News.
"Every avenue to success Is now open
to you." said Fate.
"And I haven't a decent street drew to
my name," faltered Woman, tears dim
ming her eyes.— Detroit Journal.
A CHANCE TO SMILE*
How to Reorganize.
Democratic reorganization Is hardly ne
cessary. What is necessary is a resump^
tion by Democrats of the direction and
control of the party. Democrats lost this
easily. It can be regained easily.—CHI
CAGO CHRONICLE.
The Lagging Leonids.
While their aberration at this late day
awaits solution, it Js Interesting to nota
that the d-.splacement of the Leonids from
their normal track explodes and *hatter3
the old dictum of the skeptics that "all
things continue as they were from the
beeinning of creation." — NSW YOKfcC
HERALD
Motives of the Powerr
We cannot avoid the conclusion that
those powers which seem to contemplate
excessive and inordinate demands ln the
way of pecuniary Indemnities are secretly
prompted by motives irreconcilable -with
tneir alleged desire to leave Intact China's
territory and present administrative
structure, and to hasten the return of
tranquillity and order.— NEW YORK SUN*.
The Horse Wjtll Stay.
The invention of the locomotive did not
displace the cart and dray from use. The
discovery that steam could be used to pro
pel vessels did not result In the abandon
ment of sailing: craft. The wide vogue of
the automobile -will not lead to the ex
tinction of the horse, but merely to his
application to new usefulness. Persons
who once could not afford a horse for
driving or for traction will find It possible
soon to own their own "ateed."—PROVI
DENCE JOURNAL.
Treatment of the NegTO.
The unfairness with which the negro Is
treated ln the North and East in his at
tempts to earn a living 13 strong contrast
to the consideration a colored laborer re
ceives in the South. The black man who
honestly desires to work is always ac
commodated south of Mason and Dixon'a
line, and no restriction is put upon the
kind of employment in which he may en
gage. Industrial equality is the rule in
every case where as good work la dor.e
by men of one color as by those of an
other.—LOUISVILLE COURIER-JOUR
NAL.
England and Civilization.
England has not offered one word of
conciliation since the capture of the
Transvaal capital, and the war Is now de
penerating into utter barbarism. Lorn
Kitchener is even Imitating some of the
fiendish methods of Weyler in Cuba to
force submission, and the Intensity of
Boer hatred against Britain^ls increasing
everv day. The point seems to have been
reached when England's peaceful su
premacy ln South Africa can com© only
by the utter annihilation of the Boers. la
this the civilization that England has
taught th© world 7-PHILADELPHIA'
TIMES.
Theoretical Economy.
Theoretically economy Is the read to
wealth; practically and as a matter of
fact the economizers remain poor, we
know something of the people of China
and India— nearly one-half the population
of the world. They are said to sustain
life on a per capita expenditure of less
than 10 cents a day for food. They ought
to be perfectly healthy and immensely
rich. In fact, they are as poor now as
when they started, and if they are healthy
they don't look it. At any rate. If th»
choice is giverv to the average American
between his present wasteful diet and tiie
Ideal economy held up to him as a means
of health and riches he will probably, and
wisely, prefer his own scale of living to
that of China or India.— NEW YORK
WORLD.
What Partition "Would Mean.
We think that the partition of China
Is considered by the leading grovernments
of Europe and that of Japan es at present
an undesirable solution of the. problem,
largely because, as has be«n stated by the
German Chancellor and the French Min
ister cf Foreign Affairs, It would greatly
Interfere with the ordinary development
of well established foreign trade. Be
sides this, a partition would brinsr up new
contentions and prepar% the way tor gTava
controversies ln the Immediate future;
hence those interested could hardly fall
to look upon It as a worse condition than
that which now exists. Our belief is that
If the present Imperial Government will
not come to terms the effort on the tiart
of the allied powers wtll be to establish
some form of imperial control with which
negotiations can b« carried on.— BOSTON
HERALD.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
CAIilFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 8.— The following
lr-aJifnrniana ara In New York: From San
French critics are insisting that Von Waklersee is
notoriously unfit to command the allied forces in
China. It was generally believed that Frenchmen had
a most wholesome respect for the prowess of Ger
man soldiers. \
The Michigan woman who married a man after an
acquaintance of two weeks and was robbed by him of
all she possessed is probably convinced of the fallacy
that Cupfd is rather more thieving than lovable in
disposition.
Uncle Sam has been quietly negotiating for the pur
chase of the Danish West Indies. Perhaps one of his
shrewd agents may be able to make the bargain good
ir. trade and swap a few of our South Sea islands for
the desired possessions./
The Board of Supervisors has under consideration
a proposition which it is safe to say will be met em
phatically with disfavor by the Market-street Railroad
Company. The Supervisors have made the highly
sensational suggestion of forcing the company to give
school-children cheaper carfare.
The preat range area west of the ninety-ninth me
ridian must resort to leasing and restoration, or the
only industry for which much of it is fitted must pass
The consumer has a direct interest in increasing
the supply. There is but one way to such increase,
and that is by restoring the carrying capacity of the
ranges. They have now only one-third the capacity
they had six years ago. Two-thirds of the area is
obsoleted by absolute extirpation of the forage. The
cattle industry has vanished and left drought and
desert behind it. The only increase of the forage, and
therefore of the carrying capacity of the range, is in
Texas. That State leases the ranges, and the Agri
cultural Department has aided the leaseholder in re
seeding the ranges and' renewal of their forage.
This is a decline in range cattle of 66 per cent in
six years. No wonder that butcher's meat is higher
on the block.
The receipts at Chicago of range cattle exhibit a de
cline that is common to all slaughtering centers. In
1895 Chicago handled 429,300 head; in 1896, 272,000;
in 1897, 236,300; in 1808, 195,175; in 1899, 177,300; in
1900, 142,600.
The decline of the stock industry, brought about by
destruction of the feed on the free range, has at last
reached the consumers of meat in the form of a
higher price for that food. The marketing of range
cattle for 1000 is about over and shows a progressive
decrease.
HITHERTO California has had but little to say
in the conventions of the National Livestock
Association. This should be changed at the
coming session of that body, which meets in Salt
Lake in January.
THE STOCK CONVENTION.
A DIME OF 1S92— A. S., City. A dim© ot
1S92 docs not command a premium from
dealers In coins.
FREIGHT STEAMER— S. H., City.
The largest freight steamer that ever en
tered the harbor of San Francisco is tha*
Algoa.
PHILIPPINE STAMPS— S., City. United
State postage stamps that have printed
on the face the word Philippines are good
for prepayment of postage when required.
TEN-DOLLAR PIECE— D. S.. Felix,
Cal. A ten-dollar piece of 1849 does not
command a premium from dealers. The
dealers offer to sell such at prices rantrintr
from $13 50 to $15.; b b
CHICKAMAUGA— D. E., City. The word
Chlckamauga Is Indian and means the
"stream of death." Chickamauga Creek
is located twelve miles southwest of
Chattanooga, Tenn.
THE CALL BUILDING— A. P.. City.
The statement has been repeatedly pub
lished in this department that the height
of the Claus Spreckels building, generally
known as The Call building, is 327 feet
and that the height of the flagstaff Is 2i
feet.
MONT BLANC— Subscriber, City. The
height of Mount Blanc In the Swiss Alps
Is 1 u' 7 ! 1 J ee lr The summit was first
reached by Saussure, August 2, 17S7 h©
namfd a Ba\ S m^ ln the ascent *>* a guld©
CAMILI^A. URSO CONCERTS— A. S ,
City. The Camilla Urso concerts given lu
the Mechanics' Pavilion, on which occa
sion cannon were fired by electricity dur
ing the rendition of the Anvlr Chorus.
were ,/J\ om tho 2 211 t( > the 25th of Febru
ary, 1S<O.
CALLING— D. S.. Felix. Cal. If a lady
has a friend visiting her and she would
like to take her to call on another friend,
it would be proper for her to send word
that she proposes to make a call and
?™a i t p ,5f ur ? ln br »nglng and In
troducing her friend, who Is. visiting her.
A lady is not supposed to know that her
friend has any one visiting her until noti
fied, and it la not her place to call on tho
one entertaining company until she has
ANSWERS TO COBBESPONBENTS.
I. S. Rauck, W. J. Healy and C. M. At
wood, who are connected with the audit
ing department of the Santa Fe Company
at' Topeka, arrived in the city yesterday
for the purnose of Inspecting the com
pany's new terminals here. H. C. White
head; the general auditor, will be here
next week, for the same purpose.
General Manager Julius Kruttschnltt of
the Southern Pacific has received a letter
from Charles M. Hays, the new president
of the company, that he win arrive In this
city In about four weeks.
C. A. Macomber, vice president and sec
retary of the Northwestern Mining Com
pany, leaves to-day for an extended East
ern trip. ;-,•-:
Thomas Daisey, chief of the Victoria
Fire Department, registered at the Russ
yesterday. He is on his way to the south
ern part of the State for hl» health.
"Pony" Moore of Buffalo, th© well
known sporting man. Is. among the lats
arrival at the Occidental.
James McCudden of Vallejo, a well
known naval contractor, is stopping at me
Grand for a few days.
E. E. Harlow, who has been prospecting
In Nome, returned yesterday and is at the
Grand. 3£»''v-J
A.* A. Moore Jr. and his wife, heiress to
the Blythe millions, returned from Europe
on Sunday last.
S. N. Androus, a prominent Pomona pol
itician and racehorse man, Is at the
Grand.
Dr. C. A. Ruggles of Stockton, a mem
ber of the State Board of Health, Is at the
Grand.
Judge F. A. Cutler of Crescent City Is
at the Lick.
Dr. Thomas Powell of Los Angeles Is
at the Palace.
W. H. Durst, a Wheatland newspaper
man, is at the Grand.
Frederick Warde, tragedian, arrived at
the Palace last evening.
R. T. Burr, a cattleman at Los Angeles,
is stopping at the Russ".
Joseph McCormick, the cattleman of
Stockton, is at the Lick.
W. M. Irwin, who has oil Interests at
Bakersfield, is at the Russ.
H. E. Vail, an Oroville mining man, is
registered at the Occidental.
R. Robertson, proprietor of the Gllroy
Hot Springs, Is at the^ Lick.
Joseph D. middle, an oil man from Han
ford, is registered at the Grand.
Judge J. M. Brooks of Los Angeles reg
istered at the Lick last evening.
Darid Horn of Hornsvllle was among
yesterday's arrivals at the Grand.
Dr. W. L. Whittlngton of th© United
States army Is at the California.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Francisco — R. Auzerals Is at the Herald^
Square, Miss 8. Blanding and Mrs. E. B.*
Coleman are at the Holland, Mrs. J. Cur
tis Is at the Murray Hill, P. L. Davis Is at
the Imperial. H. Flammer is at the Met
ropolitan. Mlsa Gotting and Mrs. L. Got
ting are at the Union Square. R. Hickmott
Is at the Imperial, Mrs. G. Hohm Is at the
Grand Union. II. I. Kowalsky is at the
Hoffman, MiS3 Mackenzie is at the St.
Denis, H. Munz is at the Herald Square.
Mrs. L. Sussman and L. E. Van Winkla
are at the Netherland, B. M. Goldstein Is
at the Herald Square, Miss G. Hopkins,
Mrs. H. S. Scott, Miss Scott and P. A.
Williams and wife are at the Holland.
From Los Angeles— E. Knight and wife
are at the Holland, Mrs. Nlcolal is at the
Sturtevant.
From San Jose— A. R. Hunter Is at the
St. Denis.
l iE have in times past sought to impress upon
\\f the reading world the delights of our winter
climate by comparing it to that of Italy. We
have written of our "Italian skies," of our days as
'charming as those in the Riviera," and we have
spoken of California zs "the Italy of America." It is
time to drop all that sort of comparison. We are
injuring the State when we use it, for there is nothing
in Italy that in any way equals the charm of a Cali
fornian winter.
Here is a case in point. On November 14 the
Westminster Gazette of London published a letter
from a private correspondent in Milan, in which the
writer said: "What a wretched place is Milan in
wintry weather! Lately the streets have been deep in
slush or sticky with mud. * * * Everywhere for
days the fog has been of the thin, peasoup variety.
To step in and out of a cab was enough to condemn
any poor creature in petticoats to a deep mud trim
ming at the hem of her garment, and all Milan seemed
to cough as if it had but one choked lung."
Just contrast that with the weather we are having
all over California since the rains came to start the
grass growing in the valleys and on the hillsides. It
is true the reference to the "one choked lung" sug
gests Los Angeles; but that is not because of any
defect in the Los Angeles climate. The one lungsters
in that place are not natives, nor are they persons of
long residence. There, as elsewhere in California, the
winter season is one of wholesome air and general
joyousness. Let us hear no more talk about "the Italy
of 'America" in connection with this State. Florida
may have that title if her people wish it. There is
but one California on earth, and it has no rival.
OUR WINTER CLIMATE.
This new movement has been started in
Maine by the organization of "The Co-
"I believe that by the conservation of
energy— by the elimination of the middle
men and of the Idea of competition, every
man, woman and child could live well,
without money or overwork."
"You may buy clothes at less than the
cost of manufacture— yet many men have
to go about with ragged clothes. Why?
Because of lack of system.
"In Maine," eaid Mr. Peck, "the apples
rot on the ground, yet here people starve.
Throughout the country there is more food
produced than could ever be consumed,
yet men and women go hungry- The bar
gain counter Is the result of undercon
sumption, due to lack of proper system of,
distribution.
He believes that Bellamy's scheme of
lifo outlined In "Looking Backward" can
be put Into operation. Indeed, he is con
fident t^at before the first quarter of the
twentie'.. 1 century shall have ended the
entire United States shall have become
one grand co-operative concern, with ev
ery man, woman and child a shareholder;
all enterprises shall be under national
ownership, all middle men, stock Jobbers,
agents and drummers shall have been
done away with; every commodity shall
be made and sold at the lowest cost and
the lowest price, and every citizen shall
enjoy to the fullest the result of his la
bors.
According to Peck's great scheme, no
person who is willing to work shall be in
fear of want through illness or lack of
work.
Peck comes from Lewiston, Me., where
he Is at the head of one of the largest
dry goods houses in New England and
president of the largest real estate com
pany. He Is also president of the Jollet
(111.) Dry Goods Company.
A MILD mannered man, whose aim In
life Is to make of the world one
grand "department store," Is a
guest at the Everett House, says
the New York World. His name Is
Bradford Peck. He is wealthy and an en
thusiast on the subject of solving all so
cial and economic questions by the forma
tion of "The People's Trust."
Mr. Peck Is In communication with
prominent ministers, teachers, leaders and
capitalists and expects soon to Interest
them in the movement. He began life as
a cash boy for Jordan, Marsh & Co. of
Boston.
"The movement will tend to depopulate
great cities like New York, for men will
not have to herd In tenements. The farm
cr, like the doctor, can live in a com
fortable apartment and go to and from
his work as easily as do the merchants of
New York who live far up on the Hud
son's bnnks."
"Every man will do his share of work,
according to his ability, and shall receive
for life enough to support himself well.
"There will be no trust but the people's
trust. Everything will be under national
control. Just as the postofflce is now.
"From the city of Lewlston, we hope,
the movement will soon grow over the en
tire State, and within twenty-five years
I predict the entire people of the country
will be In one grand co-operative organ
ization.
"Now. that Is just how we expect our
movement to grow. When, as we hope in
the near future, an organization shall
control not only restaurant but model
dwellings and stores, and the people of
Lewleton see how one-quarter of the city
has developed. It Is safe to say that they
will soon fail into line.
"All the members of the association
should profit by every enterprise. All de
partment stores begin small. The shoe
maker and the dry goods man pool their
Interests, and then the milliner joins
them and the clothier and the furniture
man, and finally you have a store where
everything can be bought.
Peck's big dry goods store la co-opera
tive in the sense that the employes share
in the profits, but he wants to go further.
"The movement so far," said Mr. Peck,
"has proved successful and profitable — the
profits going entirely to the cause. The
next move •will be to build apartment
houses, where the fullest decree of com
fort and health may. be enjoyed at the
lowest cost; after that a co-operative
store will be established."
operative Association of America," a
"protest against competitive waste and
monopolistic greed." Under a charter a
primary organization has been started In
Lewiston, where the 250 members dine at
cost price In a building donated for the
purpose.
• - F:>r these reasons the majority should not pause
nor falter in accomplishing all that it put in issue
and risked in the ballots
. These are the great business measures of what
I-romis.es to be a business session of Congress. If a
disappointed minority attempt to fritter away the time
h« frivolous discussion and bombastic appeals to the
country, let it be remembered that an appeal on these
issues has just been heard by the country and decided
against that minority. The maritime States of Maine,
New Hampshire. Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Con
necticut. New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania,
Delaware. Maryland. California, Oregon and Wash
ington, joining the lake States of Minnesota, Wiscon
sin, Illinois, Michigan. Indiana and Ohio, have de
cided the appeal, and there can be no motion for a
i:ew trial entertained until 1004. What unspeakable
folly it would be to pause now and wait, as the mi
nority will demand, until thrv can reargue the issue!
In its strictest sense there is no minority, and we are
sorry for it. The leaders like Jones and Stone, and
newspaper organs like the Examiner. Journal and
World, and the Southern press, are busy as
suring the country that they were not sin
cere in their support of the "paramount" and
"immediate" issues of the late campaign. No one is
bound to heed their protests as to any issue, since
they have no proof that they mean what they say. A
real minority must issue from the chaos on that side,
led by men who will be believed by the country when
they take a position upon any of the great questions.
Shipyards can be kept bus.y here for years to come,
and marine architecture and construction be made per
rnanent industries for cur people if we now make our
selves fe!t in favor of the canal and shipping bill.
The protocols negotiated by United States Minister
.Merry with Nicaragua and Costa Rica, and signed
last week at Washington, fairly open the canal ques
tion. It feems now that the canal is to be neutralized
and under American control. All the rights we need
on the soil of the two isthmian republics are provided
for in the protocols, to be secured in the treaties
which will follow. The construction of the canal
should be a matter of months rather than years. If
pushed with the energy which was shown by the build
ers of our first overland railroad ships built under the
encouragement of a revival act could hardly be ready
in time to take cargo and steam through it at the fin
ish. The engineering problems are simple, and it is
only a question of money and energy. Let this be
borne in mind, that construction of the canal will b:
a great economy in transportation and will be
followed by a great expansion of ship-building. This
vas the result when the mapping of ocean currents
and winds, and the development of Great Circle
tailing, by Maury, economized ocean transportation
'\) the amount of sevral millions a year. The revival
«iue to canal construction will be greater than that,
since the actual economy in time and distance will be
.greater and the commerce economized is vastly larger
in volume. The Pacific Coast is now in a position to
profit by re-creating cur merchant navy. We build
ships here, and the canal and the Pacific trade will re
quire fleets of them. With us it is a question whethc
these fleets shall be under the flags of Great Britain,
Germany and Norway, or under our own.
The building of an isthmian canal is almost second
ary to the need of our own ships to carry through it
our own commerce.
We find ourselves now able to feed the world, to
clothe it and to manufacture for it, but able to carry
only nine per cent of our foreign trade under our flag!
THERE is no doubt that the great contests of
this session of Congress will come in the con
sideration of the canal and shipping bills. Both
coasts of the country are at la«t alive to the fact th-.i
the building of the canal only emphasizes the need of
re-creating our commercial marine. We lost our lead
on the sea at the beginning of the Civil War. While
all of our energies were enlisted in that great strug
gle there occurred one of those economic revolutions
which change the face and front of affairs. This was
the substitution of iron for wood in the construction
oi ships. Men now living can remember when it was
hotly argued that an iron ship could not be made to
float, but the discussion was without interest to us. for
we had no metal ships. England at once forged to
the front as the builder of the new craft. She had
been admonished by the condition in which she found
hcrsc'f during the Crimean war, when she had to char
ter American clippers for troop transports to carry
her army to the shores of the Black Sea. English
statesmanship never forgets a lesson of that kind, and.
catching us when our enterprise was either paralyzed
or intensely occupied in a civil war, she made the
most of her opportunity, and so it came to pass that
"Britannia Rules the Wave" soon outpiped "Colurr
bia, the Gem of the Ocean."
THE WORK OF CONGRESS.
THE L.EWIST0N (ME.) DRY GOODS MERCHANT WHO AVERS THAT
THE THEORY OP EDWARD BELLAMY'S "LOOKING BACKWARD"
CAN BE PUT INTO PRACTICAL OPERATION.
At present the most serious questions with which
our fruit-growers are concerned in the line of their
work are those of procuring a speedier system of
transportation to the markets of the world and pro
viding for that co-operative method of doing busi
ness which now seems destined to prevail for years
to come in almost all departments of industry. It is
with those issues the convention will deal, and it is
safe to say there will be no lack of sound counsel pre
sented on every point under discussion. The meeting
ii to be one of the most important industrial gather
ings of the season, and the results will well repay all
who attend.
It is now fairly well understood what sections of
California are best adapted for fruit-growing and
what kinds of fruit can be most profitably cultivated
in each, but now a new set of problems confront the
progressive men who lead the industry. The rapid
increase in the output renders it more and more im
portant to provide economical methods of handling
the product, preparing it for market and supplying
it to the consumer. These are large problems and re
quire a business sagacity of a .high order to prop
erly solve them. Fortunately our fruit industry is in
the hands of men quite capable of dealing with all
matters of that kind. The California fruit-growers as
a body are perhaps the most advanced class of rural
workers in the world. They have a fuller knowledge
of the scientific side of their industry and a larger
experience in business affairs than other classes en
gaged in the cultivation of the soil. Thus they arc
well prepared to understand the problems that arise
in their industry from time to time and to deal with
them in the most effective way.
Despite the many advantages of soil and climate,
fruit-growing in California has not been easily built
up. Our orchards are far from the great markets
of the country, and the cost of transportation has too
often been all that the traffic would bear. Moreover,
the conditions of the industry here are so different
from those in the Eastern or Southern States that the
beginnings of the industry were largely experimental.
Many a man planted an orchard without knowing
whether it would succeed, and in not a few cases
failure resulted. Thousands of dollars and much of
time, energy and skill were required to establish the
industry upon the basis it now occupies, and to the
pioneers who led the way in the work, took the
chances and overcame the difficulties California owes
much.
/^» ALIFORNIA'S fruit-growers will meet to-day
l^ at Pioneer Hall for their twenty-fifth annual
V -T convention. Were they inclined to do so the
gathering^ could be made the occasion for a review
of the work accomplished by the pioneers and up
builders of the industry that in a striking way would
illustrate the progress that has been made in scientific
horticulture and in the production of wealth from
orchards. It is not for history, however, but for busi
ness the convention meets, and accordingly the pa
pers and discussions will deal with the present and
the future and not, with the past.
CALIFORNIA'S FRUIT-GROWERS.
Under It the Whole United States Will Be One
Grand Co-operative Concern.
BRADFORD PECK OF MAINE
PLANS A "PEOPLE'S TRUST"
The. consumers will soon demand a policy that re
news the raising of range cattle. They have rights
which the Government and all concerned must heed.
The meat-packers and exporters are allies of the con
sumers in urging a leasing policy that will restock
the ranges, as are all the Western railroads, which
depend on livestock for an important part of their
tonnage. The shortage ramifies in many directions.
If the railroads lose tonnage in one direction they
must meet their fixed charges by making it out of a
rise in other articles transported. The issue, viewed
in all its lights, becomes a serious one, and the rem
edy should be sought with intelligence and energy.
It is to be hoped that California will be heard at
Salt Lake in favor of some policy that will save a
great industry and stop advance in the cost of living.
away. The question has passed beyond the stock men
themselves, who are divided in sentiment and quar
reling over what feed is left. It concerns the con
sumer now. The present rise in meat is 20 per cent.
There is no natural reason .why it should not go on
till it equals the 66 per cent decline in range stock.
Upon the subject of the Nicaragua canal the Presi
dent contents himself with the announcement that the
State Department is now considering claims made by
the Maritime Canal Company and the Eyre-Cragin
Company against the Nicaraguan Government, and
overtures for a convention to effect the construction
of the canal, and closes by commending to the atten
tion of the Senate "the convention with Great Brit
ain to facilitate the construction of such a canal and
tc remove any objection which might arise out of the
convention commonly called the Clayton- Bulwer
tieaty."
The length of the message should not deter any
citizen from reading it as a whole. It is an important
and interesting summary of the history of the year
so far as it affects the United States, written by the
man who has been the most potent factor in directing
the course of our country. Upon the side of domes
tic politics it abounds with recommendations of legis
lation needed to confirm existing order and prosper
ity and to make improvement better still. He asks
Congress to insure the continued parity under all con
ditions between our two forms of metallic money,
silver and gold. He recommends the reduction of the
internal revenue tax, the upbuilding of our merchant
marine, the regulation of trusts, legislation for Porto
Rico and the Philippines, the construction of the Ha
waiian cable, and the enactment of many other meas
ures for the general benefit.
Some law of the kind recommended by the Presi
dent is imperatively required if we are to retain a
reputation as a just nation. In this very message the
President has occasion to refer to claims for indem
nity made upon various foreign Governments for
wrongs done to American citizens, and it is clear that
if our Government cannot grant redress to others it
will have but a poor showing on the score of justice
and consistency when it makes demands upon them.
Commenting upon the evil resulting from this con
dition of affairs he adds: "I renew the urgent recom
mendations I made last year that the Congress ap
propriately confer upon the Federal courts jurisdic
tion in this class of international cases where the ulti
mate responsibility of the Federal Government may
be involved, and I invite action upon the bills to ac
complish this which were introduced in the Senate
and House. It is incumbent upon us to remedy the
statutory omission which has led and may again lead
to such untoward results. I have pointed out the ne
cessity and the precedent for legislation of this char
acter. Its enactment is a simple measure of previsory
justice toward the nations with which we as a sov
ereign equal make treaties requiring reciprocal ob
servance."
Another question of indemnity for international
wrong referred to in .1 different part of the message
may well be considered in this connection — that is
the demand of Italy for redress for wrongs done to
her citizens in this country by mob law in Louisiana.
The President says: "Notwithstanding the efforts of
the Federal Government, the production of evidence
tending to inculpate xhe authors of this grievous of
fense against our civilization, ani the repeated in
quests set on foot by the authorities of the State of
Louisiana, no punishments have followed."
As to the indemnity itself the President says:
"Measured in money alone, a sufficient reparation
may prove to be beyond the ability of China to meet.
All the powers concur in emphatic disclaimers of any
purpose of aggrandizement through the dismember
ir.ent of the empire. I am disposed to think that due
compensation may be made in part by increased guar
antees of security for foreign rights and immunities,
and. most important of all, by the opening of China
to the equal commerce of all the world. These views
have been and will be earnestly advocated by our rep
resentatives."
The chief interest in the message not only to us but
to the world at large centers in what is said of the
crisis in China and our relations to it. On that sub
ject the President writes with elaboration and narrates
the proceedings that led up to the Boxer outrages
and brought about the present situation. He an
nounces that the disposition of the Chinese Govern
ment to admit liability for wrongs done to foreign
ers, and "to act upon such additional designation of
the guilty persons as the Foreign Ministers at Peking
may be in a position to make," gives hope of a com
plete settlement of all questions involved. He fur
ther asserts it to be "one of the essential factors of a
durable adjustment" that there be given secure and
adequate guarantees for liberty of faith for natives as
well as for foreigners. Finally he expresses approval
of a suggestion put forward by the Government of
Russia, "that in the event of a protracted divergence
of views in regard to indemnities to be demanded of
China, the matter be relegated to the court of arbitra
tion at The Hague."
T~ PRESIDENT McKINLEY'S message is much
L_-/ longer than necessary. Much of it is devoted
* to an historical review of the events of the year,
and while it is gratifying to have an official statement
concerning the action of our Government in them, it
is to be noted that the statement contains little or
nothing that is new. Information has been fully Riven
out to the press and through the newspapers to the
public, so that virtually all the President has had to
say of an historical character has been fairly well
known.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAL.L, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1900,
m*e -t^gg^ (Sail
TUESDAY DECEMBER 4. 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELb. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MAXA«ER> OFFICE T *^??1^^U^- 1^ 1^^
I'l Hl.li AT1O\ OFFHE Market and Third. S. K.
Telephone Pre«» 2O1.
CDITORML I1OOMS 217 lo 221 Stercnaon St.
Telephone l'rp>« "02.
Delivered *»y mrrlem. IB Crntn Frr Week.
Stncrlr Oplen. 3 Cent".
: Term* by Mail. Inclndlrss; Pontairei
DAILT CA1X (Including gurday). one year M- M
I>AILT CALL (including Sunday), t months ••W
r»AIUT CALL, <lncluflln* Sunday). I months I- 50
D.MLT CALL— By Slnrle llocth Kc
SVXDAY CALL. One T>ar 1M
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear IW
All ponlmaalrr* are nnthorleed to receive
¦Bburrlptloni.
Sarrple copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscriber* In ordertng chaxre of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
(AKLAvn OFFICE HIS Broadway
C. r.EORGE KHOGXESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building, Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone ••Central 2«1!.">
VETVT TORK CORRESPONDENT:
<•.<•. r«lttTOX Herald S«in«re
Dr. Sanford'a Liver Invigorntor.
The best liver medicine. A vegetable cur» for
liver His. biliousness. Indigestion, constipation." ,
Many petty trade-mark pirates trade on repu
tation of DR. BIEOERT-S Anrostura Bitten.
unequalled South American tonic. Rcfua* lad-
If You're In a Hurry Take ths "Orer
land Limited" .
Learin* San Francisco dally at W a. ra.. ?!»
Central Pacific. Tnton Pac!3c and Ch!ca*o an<$
Northwestern railways, and arrlTto* at Ch!ca«t»
at »:*> a. m. the thtnl day. A rolld Testlbnted
train of rapcrb Bplendor. carrying Pullman
doubi* drawlnr-room ileepers. dtntng ear anj
buffet amokln* and library car. San Francisco
to Chlcaeo without change. Only four day* to
New York and Boston. If you want luxury
and comfort combined with speed and tsJtty
take the "Overland Limited."
""WTiy do you speak of him as a finished
artist? '" '¦
"Because he told me he was utterly dis
couraged and was going to quit the pro
fession. If that doesn't show that he's
finished I don't know what does. —Chi
cago Post. _
Special information supplied dally to
business homes and publlo men by tht»
Press CUpplng Bureau (Allen's). aiO Mont
iiomery st. Telephone Main 1042.
6
AMUSEMENTS. .
TJvcM— "A Jolly MEfk-i««r"
A!htmbr»-"A Hot Old Time."
California— Haverly'i Mln«tr*ls.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
. A!c«sar— "Madame Butterfly."
Columbia— "The Fortune Teller."
Olrnipla. corn*-- Ma*on and Eddy »treet»— l?i>eclaitte«.
Chutes. Zou and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
Evenlnt- .
Fischer"*— Vauflpvl'.le.
Or.tury Hub Hall-Piano R*eit*l, Thursday afternoon.
California Jockey Club. Oakland Race-rark-Rax-e? to-day.
AUCTION SAT.Ta.
Br B P. Oliver— WedTiesflay. December IS. at U o'clock,
Real Estate, at 2T3 Sutter street.ATTORNEY GENERAL FILES
HIS ANNTJAU REPORT
Urges That Congress Provide for an
Appeal on the Part of the
Government.
"WASHINGTON, Dec 3.— Attorney Gen
eral Griggs to-day sent his annual re
port to Congress. It opens with a state
ment of the condition of the work of tha
United States Supreme Court, which
ehows that 370 appellate cases were dock
eted and 371 were disposed of. leaving 303
cases still pending. On July 1, 1899. there
were 3137 United States convicts in the
various prisons and reformatories of the
country, against 2933 at the close of the
last fiscal year.
The aggregate amount of the Judgments
rendered in favor of the United States In
civil suits during the last year was
$663,299, and the amount actually collect
ed on these Judgments was $52,795, while
$32,74S was obtained during the year on
judgments rendered in former years for
the United States, and $27,130 was other
wise realized in civil suits.
The aggregate amount of fines, forfeit
ures and penalties imposed during the
year In crlmlnai prosecutions was $705,137,
and the amount of these fines, forfeitures
and penalties collected during the year
was $104,020, while $8203 was realized on
fines, forfeitures and penalties imposed
in former years.
The Attorney General repeats his rec
ommendation of last year that Congress
provide for an appeal on the part of tha
Government In cases of decisions adverse
to the United States by the courts on de
murrers Interposed to Indictments.
REMAINS OF OSCAR WILDE
BORNE TO FINAL REST
Few Attend the Modest Service in
the Church of St. Germain
des Pres.
PARIS, Dec. 3.— Funeral services over
the remains of Oscar "Wilde were held
to-day In the Church of St. Germain dea
Pres, one of the oldest in Paris. The cer-
emonies were of the most modest charac
ter and only a few friends, mostly liter
ary personages, attended.
The body was removed from the hotel
where the deceased had stopped recently,
followed by five carriages. The cortege
proceeded to the church, where the casket
was placed before the chapel of St. Jo
seph, behind the main altar. Many flow
ers covered the coffin. Mass was cele
brated and absolution was given. Wilde
embraced the Catholic faith thre« weeks
ago. Tho Interment occurred here in the
Cemetery de Bagneux, on the outskirts of
Paris. The Marquis of Queensberry acted
as chief mourner.
Among the litterateurs present were r>«
"Witty, Ernest La Jeunesse, Paul Faure
and Henri Duseroy.
. _ — . — •
KING OSCAR'S HEALTH
STTJLL IMPROVING
Monarch Joins in the Festivitiea of
Oscar's Day at Stock-
holm.
STOCKHOLM, Dec. 3.— The- heftjth of
King Oscar contiunes to Improve. He
was In excellent health and nurnor on
Oscar's day (Saturday), when he at
tended the state dinner given by the- dip
lomatic corps. Baron Daelman, the Bel
gian Minister, proposed the King's health.
Minister of Foreign Affairs Von Lager
helm proposed the health of the sovereign
and chiefs of nations. Both toasts were
drunk standing, but no speeches were
mad«.
The city and harbor were decorated
with flags, the batteries fired salutes and
all Stockholm enjoyed a holiday. During
the evening tho city was finely Illumin
ated. The Stars and Stripes were hoisted
at the United States legation.
? _
Land Case Decided.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.— The United
States Supreme Court to-day rendered an
opinion In the case of the Las Anlmas
Land Grant Company vs. the United
States, on appeal from the decision of the
Court of Private Land Claims, refusing to
take Jurisdiction In the case on the
ground that the grant had been disposed
of by Congress prior to thfc enactment of
the law creating the Court of Private
Land Claims. To-day's opinion affirmed
that verdict. The claim covers about 4 -
000.000 acres of land In Southeastern Colo
rado.
SIGMA CHI MEMBERS
TO HAVE A NEW HOME
Another Handsome Lodge Will Be
Added to Those on "Fraternity
Row" at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 8.—
Another residence Is to be added to the
row of fraternity houses on the Stanford
campus. This time it Is the local mem
bers of the Sigma Chi fraternity who
have broken ground. The house will be
located on Lasuen avenue, between the
Delta Gamma and Kappa Kappa Gamma
lodges. This Is the street that Mrs. Stan
ford has set aside for "fraternity row,"
and it Is already famous In the college
world for the beauty and variety of Its
architectural structures.
The new home which the Sigma Chi
boys are building will be a handsome one.
The house will be two and a half stories
in height, massive in its style of architec
ture and beautiful both In exterior and in
terior finish. The ground floor is planned
with a view toward entertaining. The
large reception hall, living-room, library
and dining-room may be thrown open Into
one vast room. Back of the library,
which is on the right of the entrance. Is
a smoking and chapter room. There are
accommodations for eighteen men on the
second and third floors.
The house was to have been built early
In the fall, but the lease of the ground
had to be sent to Europe, as Mrs. Stan
ford's signature was necessary. Thorpe
& Lentz of San Francisco are the archi
tects, while R. C Andrus of San Jose Is
the contractor.
The following are the members of the
fraternity at Stanford: F. W. Bennett,
•01; A. G. Thies; Robert Roughan; A. G.
Page, '02; J. F. Cowan; E. K. Potter. '02;
H. U Younger; J. A. Miller, '03; G. H.
Lutgerding; w. L,. Barr; O. G. Jones, '03;
H. A. Daggelt, '04; A. L. Bemardln.
HEALDSBTJRG WOMAN
GORED BY ENRAGED COW
Animal Repeatedly Charges Upon
Her and She Is Seriously
Injured.
HEALDSBTTRO, Dec. 8.— Mrs. M. G.
Ross, a widow, living: a mile from this
city, was shockingly mutilated by a cow
while attempting to separate th« animal
from her young calf. The old lady was
thrown heavily to the ground and the ln»
furlated beast charged at her many
times, goring her repeatedly. Help ar
rived barely In time to save th« woman's
life. She Is badly Injured about the hlpa
and spine.
Ortega's Petition Denied.
BAN JOSE, Deo. S.— The petition of the
attorneys of "Jack" Ortega, who was
sentenced on Friday last to life Imprison
ment for a criminal assault upon Grace
Gamble, to obtain his release on a writ of
habeas corpus was denied by Judge
Rhodes this afternoon. The- validity of
the City Justice Court, before which Or
tega was committed for trial, was at
tacked. It being claimed the court was not
legally provided for and that the appoint
ment of Justice Oneal, who presided at
that time, was not properly made. Judge
Rhodes held that the court was a proper
one and remanded Ortega back to jail.
Chinese Highbinder Arrested.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 8.— L.lm Tut, a Chinese
highbinder, was arrested this afternoon
by Detectives Haley and Pickering for
the murder of Yu Tue. The crime oc
curred a. week ago. The other murderer
has not yet been captured, but the police
expect to have him in custody In a few
days.
Aged "M" 1 " Commits Suicide.
MUHPKTS, Dec. 8.— Ldn Barrett, an old
Frenchman, living a secluded life near
Esmeralda, this county, committed sui
cide yesterday with a shotgun. He was
more than 70 years of age, and leaves no
relatives here. V:
BOLLINGER WELL CASE
• DRAWING TO A CLOSE
Iiegal Fight for Property to the Value
of a Hundred and Fifty Thou
sand Dollars.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 3.— The contest of the.
will of the late Christian Bolllnger, which
has occupied the attention of Judge Hy
land's court for the past twelve weeks, is
drawing to a close. It is expected the tes
timony will close to-morrow and the case
be given to the Jury Friday or Saturday.
Bollinger, who died a couple of years
ago, left an estate worth about $150,000.
Most ot this he gave to his children.
Mary L. Bollinger, a second wife, was
given a home in Santa Clara and other
property, the value of all not exceeding
$10,000. She at once began a contest of the
will, alleging unsoundness of mind and
undue influence on the part of ex-Sheriff
G. Y. Bollinger, a son. It was also
claimed that property held by George Y.
Bollinger to the value of nearly $100,000 be
longed to the estate. The contestant died
before the case came to trial and the con
test is being conducted by her heirs.
SCHOOL WAR RENEWED.
Eastland Seeks to Remain an Inde
pendent District.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 3.— The Mill Valley
school war promises to be renewed. Last
summer, when Mill Valley was Incorpor
ated, it became a new school district. The
citizens then petitioned the Board of Su
pervisors to merge It Into Eastland dis
trict, of which it had previously been a
part. This the board did. To-dav the
people of Eastlancl presented a petition to
the Supervisors asking them to rescind
or annul the order merging the districts.
The petition sets forth that the board
was misled by the first petition. The bone
of contention is a $10,000 bank account ly
ing to the credit of Eastland district from
a sale of school bonds voted and made be
fore the incorporation. Eastland wants
the money for herself, and Mill Valley
does not want to lose her interest In the
funds.
«
LINEMEN BETUBN TO WORK.
Sunset Company the Only One to Hold
Out Against the Strikers.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 3.— The Tuba
Power Company and the Folsom Power
Company, engaged In furnishing light to
Sacramento, have acceded to the demands
of the strikfng linemen and the men em
ployed by those companies who have gone
out on strike have returned to their work
at the new wage schedule. The only com
pany which has thus far declined to ac
cept the terms of the strikers Is the Sun
set Telephone Company, the Capital Tele
phone Company having given the men
what they asked for soon after the strike
was declared.
Yolo's Election Contest.
WOODLAND, Dec. 8.— Judge Gaddls to
day fixed December 17 as the day for hold-
Ing; a ppeclal session of court to try the
Nelson-Vaughn contest over the office of
Supervisor In the Fourth District.
Judge Gray of Butte County probably
will be asked to try the case.
Third Trial of Begerow.
RAN JOSE. Dec. 3.— The selection of a
|ury for the third trial of Frederick Bege
row, who shot and killed Joseph Cech and
August Berger at the brewers picnic here
Dn July 15. bfgan in Judge Lorlgan's court
this morning.
CAUSE OP COGSWELL'S
SUICIDE NOT YET KNOWN
Affairs of the Bank of Which He
Was Cashier Found to Be in
Prosperous Condition.
LODI, Dec 3.— The funeral of Francis
Cogswell, late vice president of the Bank
of IiOdl, who committed suicide here on
Saturday, will be held to-morrow. It will
be under the auspices of the local Odd
Fellows and Masons. Rev. J. W. Brier,
who officiated at the marriage of Mr.
Cogswell, will deliver the sermon.
It is now definitely known that the buI
clde of Banker Cogswell was not due to
business affairs of the bank with which
he was connected. Cashier Ferdun say3
that a balance was struck last week,
showing the institution to be in a pros
perous condition; in fact. It is one of the
soundest in the State, being in better
financial condlton at present than at any
time in Its history. Tho business men of
Lodl took Btrong measures this evening
to show their faith and good will toward
the bank. At a public meeting a resolu
tion was unanimously adopted indorsing
tho Bank of Lodl and expressing full con
lidence in its financial standing.
WILL BE OPERATED UPON.
District Attorney Mclsaac of Marin
County Has Appendicitis.
SAN RAFAEL. Deo. 8.— District Attor
ney Hugh J. Mclsaac of Marin County is
at the Lane Hospital in San Francisco and
is about to undergo an operation for ap
pendicitis. He has suffered for some time
past and last Saturday decided to go un
der the surgeon's knife. The chances for
his 6peedy recovery are considered excel
lent. "
Special Dispatch to Th* CWL
TACO1IA, Dec 8. — Further particulars
of the wreck of the Ill-fated schooner
Fischer Brothers were brought down by
passengers of the steamer Centennial.
They tell a thrilling story of the hard
ships and sufferings endured by the pas
sengers and crew of the unfortunate ves-
Bel, which was commanded by Captain A.
M. Flagg, whose death resulted a few
days later from exposure incurred during
the wreck. Captain Flag'g's body was
brought down by the Centennial.
The Fischer Brothers was driven ashore
and went to pieces abqut the middle of
October on the rocks off Cape Rodney.
For an hour the vessel pitched helplessly
In the water, gradually working In
toward the shore. When within 300 feet
of the beach she hung hard and fast.
From daylight until 10 o'clock a persistent
but futile effort was made to get a line
ashore. Barrels and casks carrying lines
were thrown Into the water. These were
washed to within forty feet of land, but
the undertow caught them and they be
came tangled In wreckage and carried out
to sea. In time, men from an Indian vil
lage brought a boat, but no canoe .could
live In the raging surf. Ona was dashed
to pieces in the effort to reach the
wrecked schooner.
Finally Joseph Patton undertook to
Bwlm ashore with a line. Dropping down
from the Jibboom, he was caught by the
waves and washed over the rocks like a
cork. Meanwhile Samuel Archer, one of
the owners of the vessel, held the end of
the line. Patton persisted In his attempts
to reach land and finally succeeded
through the aid of those on shore. With
this line the rescuers later got a rope
ashore, and with this and a life boat,
•which ventured out to the last reef but
one, the crew was taken ashore. The
rope became Icy and several times the
hold of the men was broken by the waves.
Some narrowly escaped drowning, but
were rescued by those in the boat throw
in* ropes to them.
Captain Flagg was the last man to
leave the schooner. It was several hoars
after she struck before he got ashore.
Throughout the ordeal he bore himself as
a brave seaman. The shipwrecked men
sought shelter In the village, and there
dried their clothing. .Archer then set out
to walk to Nome, a distance of fifty miles.
He reached Slnrock River, twenty miles
distant, before nightfall. His clothing
became frozen and at times progress was
next to Impossible; yet he pushed on, and
the following day reached Nome, having
been less than thirty-six hours en route,
with the news of the disaster. He at once
arranged to have the crew taken to
NonloT
When Captain Flagg reached there he
was unconscious. He was taken at once
to the army barracks, where he died two
days later.
Passengers on the Centennial Bring
Full Details of the Stranding
of the Alaskan
, Schooner
CAPTAIN DIES PROM EXPOSURE
Crew o! the Fischer Broth
ers in Close Touch
With Death.
BATTLE WITH
RAGING SURF
AND ICY SEA
Special Dispatch to The CSdL
SIL.VERTON. Or., Deo. 8.— Dynamite,
used by robbers to open a burglarproof
safe, wrecked the Silverton Bank at an
early hour this morning and aroused the
inhabitants. The cashier, who heard the
report, rushed to the bank In time to be
shot at by one of the fleeing robbers. Be
cause of the Interruption, the burglars
did not have time to obtain any booty.
The bank was a complete wreck, the
damage probably reaching $2700. The
force of the shock blew the outer door of
the safe off its hinges and ruined the
bank's furniture, smashed two large
plateglass windows and blow fragments
of the safe across the street.
Among- the first of the citizens to reach
the bank was the cashier. He saw the
two men and got near enough to order
one of them to halt For reply the rob
ber sent a bullet In the direction of the
cashier. The latter ran back to his room
to gret his revolver, but the men had made
good their escape.
The Shock Blows Open the Safe
and Spreads Ruin Throughout
the Interior of the
Building.
TAKE A SHOT AT THE CASHIER
Silverton Burglars Flee
Without Stopping to
Obtain Booty.
BANE WRECKED
BY EXPLOSION
OF DYNAMITE
Special Dlsp«*ch to The CalL
STOCKTON', Dec. 3. — It has now been
definitely ascertained that the shooting of
Mrs. Eertolas by her husband on Thanks
giving nipht was an accident. Sheriff
Sibley and District Attorney Ashley in
terviewed the injured woman at St. Jo
seph's Home and she explained the affair
She said that on the previous night rhc
house had been entered by a burglar, irler
husband had not reported it to the police
because he thought the burglar would
come back and he wished to capture him
himself
On Thanksgiving night. Just before 12
o'clock. Mr. Kertolas heard a nois<?, ap
parently In the cellar, and arose and went
down to investigate. lie did not come
Lack as soon as hi? 'wife thought he
ehould. so she arose and went to Iook for
him. She noticed that the front dour was
open and started to close it. At that mo
ment her husband came up from the cel
lar, and, seeing his wife at the front en
trance, he believed she was the burglar
arc fired. Mrs. Bertolas says that she
thought that it was a burglar that shot
hex, and bo she ran to the home of a
neighbor.
This explanation clears the mystery and
Bertolas will not be prosecuted.
Disastrous Besult of a Stockton Citi
zen's Attempt to Bring
Down a Supposed
Thief.
MISTAKEN FOR BOLD BURGLAR
Explains Mysterious Shoot
ing Affair oi TbanKs-:
giving Night.
IRS. BERTOLAS'
STORY CLEAES
HER HUSBAND
sense— 1. «.. after a verb or a preposition
to refer back to the subject of th* vero.
It Is right to say: "I will go myseir ;
"Carrie herself went to the door* ; J God
helps those who help themselves. It
would not be In accord with the best O3
age to say, "Harry and myself nave
bought a horse together."
Careless or inexperienced writer* some
times cause obscurity by using two or
more different pronouns In the same sen
tence to refer to the same person, as.
"One shuddered as the dreadful sufferings
of the wounded flashed across you
("One" Rhould be changed to "you, 0 Pro
fessor A. Sw Hill lays down the following
rule: Never change from one pronoun to
another without a clear and sufficient
"cSSSrty allied to this error is the blun
der, often seen in advertisements, of be
ginning to write about persons and end
ing as if we were writing to them.
XVI. HOW TOSECKON DISCOUNT
When a reduction Is made from the face
of a bill cr account it is called a dis
count. The manufacturer or wholesale
dealer allows the retailer a trade dis
count, which is deducted at a certain rat«
per cent from the face of the Invoice. By
trade discount is meant a discount to the
trader (dealer) which would not be given,
to a person not in the trade. The amount
of such discount depends sometimes upon
the size of the order and sometimes upon
the terms of settlement. Frequently
goods are sold at net prices; that Is, at a
fixed bottom price, no further dUcount
being allowed. It is a common practice
in some lines of business to allow two or
three discounts in succession: thus, 3»
and 10 of!" means 30% discount and tiier
10% discount from the remainder.
Illustrative Exercises.
1. Deduct 30% from a biU of $2,403.50.
$2,403.50
721.050
S1.6S2.43
We multiply $2.40X» by 8. carrying tha
figures one place to the right: 3 tlm?s s>
are 15. put down 5 and carry 1. 3 times 3
are S) and 1 to carry makes 10, put down.
0 and carry 1, and bo on until we have
the total amount of the discount— namely,
$721.05.
2. .Deduct 8% from a bill of 96U.9&.
$684.96
20.64S3
$684.41.
-We multiply $684.96 by 3. carrying the
figures two places "to the right. Th«
amount of discount is really 120.53. be
cause the fraction of a cent is more thaa
one-half.
The student will notice that it Isn't ne
cessary to write down the 80 or the 8. In
an actual bill or invoice the discount can
be written down at once, the work being
done mentally. The discount Is subtracted
and the net amount carried at once to
the column to the right. It will be an
exceptional case when it is necessary tt»
do figuring on a separate slip ot paper.
8. Deduct \i% from a bill of $1,233.60.
S1.2S3.60.
6.2430
$1,252.26
"We first find 1%, which Is $12.63. This ts
evident without writing down any figures.
Now y.% is one-half of 1%, so that wa
simply have to divide $12.es (mentally) by
2 and put down the quotient, $6.34.
Exercises for Practice.
Direction— Find the amount of each bill,
having given the gross amount and the
rate of discount:
1. $1,080.00 less 10%. U. J3.6S3.00 less 1%.
2. $7.5<5O.QO less 5%. 12. $2,[<S5.0O leas 3%.
3. $5,61S.0O less 20%. 13. $4,000.00 less %%.
4. $2.0M.OO less 30%. 14. tS.aOO.OO less V»%.
5. $4,214.22 less 40%. 15. $t>.200.00 les* 3%.
6. S2.891.12 less 20%. 16. $4.9SO.0O lesa 12%.
7. S2.S12.41 lesa 37o- 17. $2,942.40 lesa 25%.
8. S2.001.is3 less 2%. IS. J4.6D4.00 lesa 40%.
9. $2,119.76 less 4%. 19- $2,482.00 leas 2%_
10. $4,216.10 less 6%. 20. $6,000.00 Ies3 K%?
2L A merchant added 20% to the cost to
get the selling price. From an article
marked at $240 he allowed a discount of
24%. "What was the profit on that par
ticular article?
22. A discount of %% is allowed on a bill
of $2,40S.5O if paid within a certain time.
What will the discount amount to?
23. Find the net cost of 315 yards of
cloth at $1.40 a yard, less a discount of
2%%.
24. The price of a book Is $3.60. It la
bought by the dealer at 30% discount.
What per cent profit do«» he make?
Answers.
1. $972.
2. $7,132.
3. $4,492.80.
4. $2 .OK. 80.
6. $2.f»2S.53.
6. $2,312.90.
7. $2,728.04.
8. $1,961.79.
9. $2,024.07.
10. $3,963.13.
11. $3,646.17.
12. $2.92->.3O.
13. X3.980.
14. 13.473.71
15. $6,014.
16. S4.3S2.49l
17. $2,206.80.
18. $2,816.40.
19. $2.432.8«.
20. l5,8S5t
21. $34.
22. $12.04.
23. $429.88.
Si. 43% nearly
Copyright, 1000, by Seymour Eaton.
NIGHT SCHOOL: HOW TO DO THINGS.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
NIGHT SCHOOL COURSE.
XV. HOW TO AVOID COMMON
BI/ETNDERS.
BY PROP. H. G. BUEHLER.
In the Use of Pronouns.
A pronoun Is a word used to stand for
a noun. Pronouns In English are not nu
merous, but they occur very frequently,
and require more care than almost any
other part of speech.
"We begin by remarking that In forming
the possessive case of. pronouns no apos
trophe Is used by good writers. They
write "ours," "yours," "hers," "its."
"theirs." In this respect, you observe,
the possessive of pronouns differs from
the poesessive of nouna. "It's," which
of tent occurs In writing. Is a contraction
for "It is," the apostrophe denoting the
omission of a letter.
The word "I" Is always written as a
capital letter.
Our next practical caution Is that good
writers and speakers never use the word
"them"" Instead of "those" before a noun.
That is, they freely say "those apples,"
"those things," but never say "them ap
ples," "them things." In Its place "them"
is a perfectly good English word, but it
should always be used Instead of a noun,
not with a noun; as, "X am looking for
my glasses. Have you seen them?"
Error* In the use of the number forms
of pronouns often occur in connection
with such expressions as "anybody, '
"everybody," "each," "either," ••neither"
and "nobody." Such expressions, in spite
of the comprehensive meaning of some of
them, are grammatically singular; and in
literary English they are referred to by
singular pronouns; as, "If anybody calls,
ask him to wait.'' "kany a brave man
has met his death iri the Spanish war,
"Let each take her turn," ".fc^ery klna
of animal has its own proper food, no
body went out of his or her way to make
me feel at home."
The relative pronoun "what Is 8°™*:
tlmes misused. " Writers, however, will
have little difficulty with it. if they re
member that, when used as a relative
pronoun, it la equivalent to "tnat which.
We now come to a kind of blunder in
the use of pronouns that Is perhaps more
troublesome than any other. These er
rors are sometimes committed even by
well-educated people; yet they are almost
instantly detected by a cultivated eye or
ear. The fact Is that to avoid them a per
son must have a clear insight into the
structure of sentences, know the differ
ence between what are called the "nomi
native" and the "objective" forms,- and
be perpetually on hla guard. Insight into
the structure of sentences one can hardly
hope to have without such a course in
English grammar as it la impossible to
give In these columns. The difference be
tveen "nominative" and "objective
forms, however, can be explained here
with a concise statement of their proper
use.
Seven English pronouns have different
forms, according as the pronoun is used
as the subject or the object of the sen
tence. For example^ we say "I like her,
and she likes me," changing the form of
the pronouns that denote* the speaker and
the speaker's friend when tha relation
of these pronouns to the verb changes.
These different forms, marking different
structural relations in the sentence, are
called cases. The form of a prwnoun that
marks the relation of subject is called
the nominative case. The form that
marks the relation of object Is called the
objective case. It is clear, therefore, that
in order to use these seven pronouns cor
reotly we must distinguish their nomina
tive from their objective forms, and ob
serve In every instance the relation which
the pronoun bears to the rest of the sen
tence. This, as we have said before, is
not easy without previous training in the
analysis of sentences. The most that we
can do here is to print the forms and
mention their principal uses.
The seven pronouns having different
forms for the nominative and objective
cases are the following:
Nominative. Objective. Nominative. Objective.
I me she her
wo us they them
them the« who whom
he him
The nominative forms of these pronouns
— I, we, thou, he, she, they, who — are used
mainly in the following: relations:
1. Subject of a verb: as. "I am young";
"We are coming"; "He fell"; "She
laughed"; "They live in New Orleans."
2. Attribute complement, describing the
subject: as, "Is it I?" "It was not we";
"Was it he?" "I think it was she"; "No,
It was they."
Exception— The attribute complement of
the infinitive to be is in objective case if
the infinitive has a subject, as, "He knew
it to be me."
3. Vocative, as, "O thou who hearest
prayer."
4. Nominative absolute, as, "He being
there, we said nothing about it."
The objective forms of these pronouns —
me, us, thee, him, her, them, whom — are
used mainly in the following relations:
1. Direct object, as, "Help us, O Lord."
2. Indirect object, as, "Give me your
hand."
3. Object of preposition, as, "Show it to
them."
4. Subject of Infinitive, as, "Did you see
him fall?"
Blunders in the use of the case forms of
pronouns are especially common when the
pronoun is coupled with a name, as in the
incorrect sentence, "She invited Mrs. R.
and I to go driving." In this sentence "I"
should be "me," as any one would know
if he stopped to think what the form
would be if the pronoun were not coupled
with a noun. No one would think of say
ing "She invited I to go driving."
Persons who are in doubt as to which
form of the pronoun to use often try to
avoid the difficulty by using one of the
pronouns ending In "self"— pronouns
which have the same form for Doth the
nominative and the objective case. Thus
many persons, uncertain whether to use
"I" or "me" in the sentence quoted above,
would say Instead, "She Invited Mrs. R.
and myself to go driving." This Is no
better than "Mrs. R. and I" or "Her and
I." The pronouns in "self" are properly
used only for emphasis, or in a reflexive
Bazaar at Ban Mateo.
BAN MATEO, Deo. 3.— "What promises
to be a successful social affair Is an
nounced for this week, it being the bazaar
and sale of work by the ladies of the Con
gregational church. The ladles have been
planning for months to make this bazaar
a success. Library Hall has been en
gaged and will be gorgeously decorated.
A. musical programme of more than usual
excellence has been prepared for Thurs
day evening, and on Friday the farce en
titled "A Chafing Dish Party." by John
Kendrlck Bangs, -will be presented by
local talent. The local orchestra under the
leadership of F. R. King will discourse
music during the evening. Rev. William
D. KIdd is the popular pastor of the
church, and he is ably seconded in his
efforts by a live Ladles' Aid Society, the
officers of which, who are In charge of
this bazaar, are as follows: President.
Mrs. C. R. Kirkbride; vice president. Mrs.
J. R. Carrlck; secretary, Mrs P. M. Roe
del; treasurer, Mrs. J. H- Doane.
?
Regulating Nickel Machines.
SAN JOSE, Dec 8. — Three ordnlances
relating: to slot machines were given their
first reading at the meeting of the City
Council this morning. One makes It a
m!rdemeanor for a person to play sluars
cr bogus coins into the machines; another
a misdemeanor for boys under 18 years
to play slot machines, and the third pre
scribes the same punishment for the pro
prietors of machines who allow boys to
play. These offenses are to be punish
able by fines not exceeding $100 and thirty
cays' Imprisonment.
New Masonic Chapter.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 1— W. Prank Pierce
of Oakland, the inspector general of the
Supreme Council of the thirty-third de
gree of Scottish Rite Masonry, arrived at
noon from the north and to-nljrht Insti
tuted a. new chapter of the eighteenth de
gree of the Scottish Rite. The new or
ganization la to Be known aa Cor.stans
Chapter, Knights Rose Crolx, and the
charter membership is good.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LOS ANGELES, Deo. 8.— To-day's de
cisive Democratic victory— so far, at
least, as the Mayoralty contest Is con
cerned—following so closely upon the No
vember election, when the city gave Mc-
K-lnley 2S00 plurality, has been a surprise
to every one. The Democratic candidate
for Mayor, Meridith P. Snyder, who oc
cupied, that oflice In 1S97 and 1698, is elected
over Herman Silver (R.) by 2000 plurality.
Snyder was the acknowledged candidate
of the liquor interests and that element is
rejoicing to-night. Herman Sliver has
been president of the Council for two
successive terms and enjoys an enviable
reputation a*> a sound man of affairs.
Snyrter was vigorously opposed by three
of the four daily papers.
The Republicans have captured five of
the eight city oliicers. The successful can
didates are:
Clerk — C. II. Hance, Democrat.
Attorney — \V. B. Mat hews, Republican.
Auditor— Elijah Unger, Republican.
Collector— W. A. "White, Republican.
Engineer— Harry P. Stafford, Republi
can.
Street Superintendent — Hugh J. Mc-
Guire, Democrat.
Assessor— Ben E. Ward, Republican.
The contest for City Treasurer is still In
doubt. Ex-Mayor w. H. Workman (D.)
is probably elected over W. A. Hartwell,
the Republican incumbent.
The complexion of the Council will be
I seven Republicans to two Democrats. The
i Councilmen elected are as follows:
First Ward— W. H. Pierce, Republican.
Second Ward— O. P. McLain. Republi
can.
Third Ward— Frank "Walker, Democrat
Fourth Ward— P. W. Powers, Republi
can.
Fifth "Ward— N. M. Bowen, Republican.
Sixth Ward— A. A. Allen, Republican.
Seventh Ward— H. E. Lander, Republi
can.
Eighth Ward— R. A. Todd. Democrat.
Ninth Ward— E. L. Ulanchard, Republi
can.
At midnight complete returns from 65
out of the 90 precincts gave Snyder (D.)
69S9. Silver (R.) '5403. The vote polled Is
unusually heavy for a city election. In
| the Eighth Ward, which contains the ten
derloin district, 200 more votes were cast
than at the Presidential election.
The election passed without incident and
not a single arrest was made during tho
day.
Republicans Capture Five of the
Eight City Offices and Have a
Large Majority in the
Council.
BACKED BY LIQUOR INTERESTS
Snyder Wins Mayoralty by
a Plurality oi Two
Thousand.
DEMOCRATS
TRIUMPH IN
LOS ANGELES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1900.
Camera Supplies.
Cameras, photographic supplies, kodaks,
albums for unmounted photographs, print
ing and developing. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
711 Market street* 1
NOTICE
On Sundays, commencing December ».
1900. the Southern Paclflo Company's City
Ticket Office at No. 613 Market street,
Grand Hotel block, will be closed.
For the accommodation of the publto
our ticket office In the Ferry building,
foot 01 Market street, will sell all clashes
of tickets, local and overland, and reser
vations will be made for Pullman sleeping
car accommodations.
T. H. GOODMAN,
General Passenger Agent.
E. O. McCORMICK,
7
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES SATORDAYand SUNDAY
ERXLLIAN'T SUCCESS OF TUB
OLIVER LESLIE CO.
JLJJL. THIS WEEK!
THEPRISONERofZENDA
First tim* at popular pricea.
Kx\ J r.o. 25c and 5Oc.
A few front rews In orchestra. 75c-
MATTNEE-ir.c, 15c JSo. BOo-no hl B her.
Pranrh t:c!:rt efflce— Emporium.
3K> NOT MISS
HAVERLY'S
MASTODON MINSTRELS
in* TnnrR
LAST WEEK at the CAI-IFOR>aA THEATER
FAREWELL MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Sunday Afternoon— THE COMEDY LIMIT
"A BELLBOW
\Tith That Funr.y Fallow,
10HX M. WELCH. IN THE TITLE ROLE.
FE-TOTD WEEK ANT>
...SECOND GRBAT SUCCESS...
ALICE NIELSEN
Ar.a the ALICE NIELSEN OPERA CO.
Direction of FRANK L PERLET.
F!rt>t Time H"re of Herbert and Smith's
Success.
THP FORTUNE
1 ntl TELLER.
MISS NIELSEN in Her Original BURar Ro'.e.
A Megaphone is a Loud Talker !
THIS IS THE THIRD WEEK OF
THE JOLLY
MUSKETEER!
WHICH IS PROOF ENOUGH OF ITS
MERIT.
Evenir.gs at S. Matinee Saturday at 2.
Telephone Bush •.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and We
SPECIAL! SPECIAL!
"CINDERELLA" WILL BE WITH US FOON.
A WHOPPINCT BIG BILL!
PATRICE AKT> COMPANY,
BOBERTTJS AND WILFBEDO,
PANTZEB TRIO, MAY DE SOUSA,
A. M. POWERS,
JUX.TTTS P. WJTMAIIK. MART DCPOXT
AND CHARLES LOTHIAN. MALLORY
BROTHERS AND RROOKS.
THE GREAT WALDON.
Reser-ve<3 PfBts. ~>c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box F*>at», V>c
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday aad Sunday.
ALF ELLINGHOUSE Prep, and Manager
Phone South 77a
TRUTH IS MIGHTT AND MUST PREVAIL.
Tbe Funniest of All Fare* Comedies.
Our Regulation Big House.
To Boom Along a Good Show.
THE RAYS' Howling Success,
A HOT OLD TIME!
FUNNIER THAN EVER.
Erourht T'P to Date. With New Specialties
That Will Make You Laugh.
Matin*"?* Saturday and Sunday.
For Two Wppks Only.
Evcainp— ISc, 2>. 25c, CSc a-r.d "ic Matinee—
Be Be &c and r.Oc. Every Kvenln?, Including
""^^^^"Ikk^cT't^s show.
RACING ! K ACING ! RACING I
X900-WINTER MEETING— 1S0L
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DKC 3d to DEC. ICth. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Mon<1a>. Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
JTlrc or more rae^s each day.
Kacea start at 2:15 p. m^ sharp.
j.- err y-tK,ats J«-* v - Kan Francisco at 12 m. and
12-30 L 1:20, J, 2:S0 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains storming at the entrance to the
track Left two cam on train reserved for
la£ie« sji<1 their *>*corts: no pmoklnir. Buy your
ferrr tickets to Shell Mound. All trains \-la
OskUnd mole connect with Kan Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. OaJc-
land. Also all trslns via Alaineda mole con-
t.oct with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
end Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
¦to direct to th» track In fifteen mlsutoe.
Retuminir— Train? l»ar» the track at 4:15 aJid
4-4S p. m. and fir.mMlatfly after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. n. MILRQY. Secretary.
FISCHER'S con^^ o h^ s^
OOGILL AND COOPERS COMEDIANS DJ
•THE GREEN-EYED MONSTER."
A HOST OF SPECIALTIES AND MUSICAL
ACTS!
. rte*»ifea s«-r,t« rsc. Matinees Sunday.
SCHUMANN PIANO RECITAL
BT WTLI.IAM PITTTI. Century Club Hall.
TS13 Putter Ft., next THI'nFPAY AFTEK-
NOON*. r»"c. 6. €:S-> o'clock. Tirkets. SL At
prtodpal xzuclc Etora. Kn&be Piano uaefi. '
soap is not only the best
in all the world for toilet
and bath but also for shav-
ing. Pears was the in-
ventor of shaving stick
soap.
All sorts of people nse l*eai^ soap, all sorts
of storet sell it, especially druggists.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer.
503 California, st., Clunl« ba!ld!n* .
COAL, COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J C WILSON & CO **> Battery Strset.
J-W- TTIL3UH tt VU-. Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
CW Bhtp Plarabln*. Steamboat and
• IT- O.'lllll. Ship Work a specialty. M aad
IS Washington at. Telephone Main 5841.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WAS3.
Electrical Engineer. t< East st.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS RftYFSfrfft ShtDptaff Butchers. 104
JA3- DUIE3SUJ- Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
QALVANIZINO AND METALS.
M'fj. A Dealer In Mrtals i Galvanising. JOHM
FIN~N METAL WORKS. 315 Howard rt.
METAL.
Extra llnotyp* and fter«ot7P« metal. PaciSa
Metal Works, 1S7-9 First st.. Baa Francisco.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A ELU3,
418 Front gt.. 8. F. Phone Main 1718.
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils. Schneider's Mining
Candlea. C. Q. CLINCH ft CO.. 9 Front, a F.
PRINTINCJ.
C- C» BUuHESt 511 Sanaome st.. 8. F.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
,:..-.. .; a First it.. San Fmnctaco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Traffic PARTRIDGE
WHJT£ i5fl STEAM COAL^^gS
riAMOXn COAL. MININ'G CO.. at Its ORE EN
KIVKR COLLIERIES. Is the Best Co*l la IU«
ADVEBTISF.M-rTNTS.
A JOINT 7 :
INCOME
WHILE
$U YOU
LIVE.
THE NEWlOLICY
JUST ISSUED BY
THE MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE
COMPANY OF NEW YORK
Enables a man not only to pro-
vide an income for life to his wife,
but secures an income for himself J
as well.
Und^r its terms a father may
obtain a life income and at the j
same time contingently secure
the same for a child. Or a
brother may provide for himself
and for a sister, or a son for him-
self and a parent.
It offers the very best form of
I insurance investment at the low*
I est possible cost, and it is a con-
tract whose fulfillment is guaran-
teed by the Greatest Financial In-
stitution of its kind in the world.
For full information as to de-
tails, apply to
A. B. FORBES & SON,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.,
GENERAL AGENTS
THE MUTUAL LIFE INSURANQE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK,
BICHARD A. McCURDY. President.
t Cured While
You Steep
In Fifteen Days
"Gnn-SolretifdlssolTes Stricture like snow be-
neath the 6un. re<5ocft Knlargcd Prostate and
etrpnrtbf n« tb« Seminal Ducts, stopplDg Drains and
i Emitttons In Fifteen Days.
No drugs to ruin tbe stomach, but a direct local
' and positlre application tottaeentirenrethral tract.
Gran-Solvent Ik not a liquid. It Is prepared Is
' the form of Crayons or Pencils, smoolb and CexlblOk
, tod to narrow as to pass the closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
The St. James Assn.. Box 834. Cincinnati. O.. nai
' prepared at jrrea* expanse an exhaust- t^Mfap" f
Ire hiiisthum Treatise upon tbe male L LJL L I
CTstera. wblcn tb*r will tend to any 1111 P 1
bmM applicant, IIIbWbWI
St. James Assn.. C2 Elm «t.. Cincinnati, O.
Do 1 o p£k 1 These hotels oos-
A dldwO sess the attributes
j that tourists and
3,110. travelers appreciate
—central location,
Qytn n A 15beral manajre-
\J«1 dllvl. merit, modern ao-
-y . i pointments and
riOtelS Perfect cuisine.
American and Eu-
San Francisco ropean plans.
I „
AMTTSETVUEIJTS.
ff!5f H EAT R £ P
The London and New York Success
Bepeated Here.
David B*la«co'B Charming Japanese Story
MADAME BUTTERFLY
Preceded by the Howling Farce
"WHERE IS TOMPKINS?"
SEATS— 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
ilatinee Saturday and Sunday, -
MISCELLANEOUS.
;3 DAYS V FREE TRJaT
• This illustration *
/^£f*t£2£V% shows one cf our
J & V SMOKELESS
A x£k^ 01L HEATERS. I
i \ The base ard ¦
V y*' ->. iVt g^^^i J! frame arc black
N^. itilMiiiiiailsjii S* cnarnc l e d, fount, j
• \^izirg^fri / flange and lock i
. . ,^^3|pE5j|r window frame, re-
'IS^l movable top and
¦Fl--" 1^ iErS» ba^ are nickel '
&& iJ2iisL| plated. We will
iT -¦--Zw^n fcn(^ i^ freight
bL'^*^-^ prepaid, to any
K^C^jfsjt^ address, city or
Jj^*£§p§2!g returned at our
expense if not sat-
F^-rr^n-ggf isfactory.
vP^Sel/ Height of Heater,
b^l down, 30
.^i^^^PC inches; . diameter
_ a/ «y«g£~-~lgak^ xa Inches. Prico
Write for
catalogue.
PATTOSIEN'S
Big Furniture Exposition Building,
SIXTEENTH AND MISSION STREETS.
A TAILOR-MADE MAN
Commands respect. The ready-made
man seldom gets it. Suits at Joe Pc-
heim, The Tailor, are perfect in fit and
appearance and are moderate in price.
Serge Suits to order.. $13. 5O to $25
Dress Suits to order.. $15.50 to $35
Overcoats 'to order $15 to $40
Pants to order 94..">O to 910
jUfc: POHEi/VV
201 and 203 Montgomery street,
mo and 1112 Market street.
' San Francisco.
143 South Spring street, Los Angeles.Everything In the line of office and cor
respondence stationery, fountain pens,
Koh-1-noor pencils, legal blanks and type
writers" materials. Diaries and daily Jour
nals for 1901 now on sale. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Fin« Stationery.
Special Dispatch to Trr». Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
j \\\, WASHINGTON. Dec. 3.— The most
I important piece of newt In the California
colony to-night Is that the Southern Pa
! dflc Company has on foot a plan to re-
J organize the California delegation. Word
, was received to-day from New York that
; some big banking institutions of that city
j are behind this proposed reorganization.
; and the Southern Pacific's legal depart
; ment In the Mills building. New York,
! with CharleB Tweed -X3 Its head, is now
j drawing up the papers in the matter. De
1 tails of the proposed reconstruction can
| not be disclosed at this time, but, in gen
eral. It may be said that the capital stock
will be divided into different classes. Tho
purpose of this is said to be to niako It
possible to pay dividends on parts of
stock without having to pay on other
parts.
The present capital stock is $250,000,000,
but all the stock Is of one kind. Thus far
it has not been found possible to make
dividend returns to shareholders, but four
per cent can be insured on at least $100,
000.000 by cutting the stock up into differ
ent classes.
The holders of a majority of the stock
have consented to this arrangement, and
of course this includes the Huntingtcn
holdings. It is not known Just what con
sideration will be shown stockholders for
accepting Junior securities, but unless
their Interests are caiefully looked after
the scheme will have no chance of being
adopted. There must and will be an
• equitable adjustment, according to one of
Honors for Roberts.
LONDON, Dec. 3. — The Manchester
Guardian to-day says it understands
Quee.n Victoria has decided to confer a
dukedom on Lord Roberts and that Par
liament will be asked to vote him £100,000.
Czar Rapidly Improving.
LIVADIA, Dec. 3.— The Czar is so much
better in health that he endeavored to get
up to-day, but he was advised by his med
ical attendants to remain in bed till the
end of the week. His appetite is Increas
ing and he has asked for solid food, but
the physicians would not allow him to
partake of it.
SHANGHAI, Dec. 4.— It Is reported In
Tientsin that the Germans lest twenty
killed and many wou.ided west of Pao
tingfu. where they were attacked by 2530
Boxers.
A quantity of loose powder exploded In
the last named arsenal, occupied by the
Russians. It Is • supposed the explosion
was caused by two Chinese smoking.
Both Chinamen were killed. The shocK
-was felt at Tientsin, four miles distant.
ATTACKED BY BOXERS.
Financiers Plan Division
and Classification of
Rtnplr
TO REORGANIZE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
the Southern Pacific officials. It has
been persistently asserted and as often
denied that the great block of Huntingdon
"stock has been transferred by Mrs. Hun
tington to J. Plerpon* ¦ Morgan or some
other banking house. Still It may b© said
that ' those denials have always been
formal and did not, seem to be given with
earnest Intent: They do not go to tho
length of asserting. that Mrs. Huntington
has not conveyed - to others the voting
power in consideration of a contract guar
anteeing her a fixed Income on her hold
ings and also Insuring her against shrink
age In the merchantable value of her se
curities below an agreed price. In brief,
it may be relied upon that the plan of
reorganization will be effected within a
few days, and it will not differ materially
from the Atchlson and Topeka and Union
Pacific plans of reconstruction.
HOW goes the little "Fortune Tel
ler." frivolous, frothy, piquar.t
little fantaay, after a solid three
weeks of grand opera according
to Grau? -
By my halidome and by my troth, ex
ceeding well:
It is to laugh, the "Fortune Teller." and j
perhaps no prettier or happier contrast j
to the lart three weeks' musical pro- j
examine could have been put on than this
newly imported Victor Herbert success?.
The prolific and versatile composer, sym
phony writer, conductor of one of the |
l>eet symphony orchestras in the country,
composer of pome of the most popular
hght operas now being sung— has written
nothing more charming from the comic
op^ra standpoint than the "Fortune Tel
ler," and the "book" by Harry B. Smith
is c-ramraod with good things.
The opera takes a good company and a
hig company for its handling, and little
Alice Nielsen, late chorus girl of San
KranciPoo and a Oalifornlan. brings both
with her in Her first appearance as a star
in her native State. It is indeed a rarely
good company ¦which supports Miss Niel
sen, numbering among Its members three
excellent comedians — John C. Slavln, Jo
t-eph Cawthorn and Joseph Herbert;
Cowles. the eweet singer; Viola Gillette,
% large and well trained chorus with any
number of pretty girls and the piquant,
fetching, chic little prima donr.a herec-lf.
Miss Xlelsen has a dainty part in the
pretty opera, or. rather, a kaleidoscopic
collection of dainty parts as a gyp.sy girl,
ballet girl, soldier boy and what not. She
is th* 1 smartest, nattiest little wearer of
the shoulder straps and trews imagina
ble, taps the tambourine like a true Ro
many lass, brings down the house with
the inevitable Cakewalk, which only Grau
refuses us! She has pretty songs gaiore
throughout the opera and sings them in
sparkling fashion. One song in particu
lar will catch the larger crowd later, as
It did the audience last night, where Miss
Nielsen demurely explains that it is- al
v.-ays best "to do what one is told, for
grandma told me so." And a serenade of
nil countries, encored seven or eight
times, has a catchy melody that sticks.
Mi?s Nielsen has certainly naught to
oompJain of in her reception last evening.
<ir any other evening of her appearance
here, ar.d the little Californian star
to appreciate the very hearty ap
plause that greeted her efforts.
Eugene Co-wles has an excellent oppor
1 unity in the role, of the srypsy. Sandor.
\\f has many good songs. "My Gypsy
Sweetheart." "A Gypsy Bold," sung wi:h
that satisfying hass of his. Richie Line;
as the captain-lover sings a weak tenor,
tut is picturesque enough. The three
comedians — a most humorous -' trinity -
Plavin a»s a poverty stricken ballet mas
ter; Cawthorn as a gypey with a Flie
gende Blatter accent, and Herbert as the
lanky Polish composer, kept the house In
roars cf laughter from start to finish.
Viola Gillette Is afforded a pood oppor
tunity as the urima donr.a. Pompon, of
which she avails herself, though she is a
little heavy in the role. The rest of the
laree ccmnanv Is a.11 'nropntnhlp
Alcazar
TTie Alcazar presented a double bill last
-.'.g-ht. First came "Where Is Tompkins?"
A three-act farce adapted from the
French by Charles Bryant, the stage
manager of the theater. Ab farces go this
is an amuFlng production, where the fun
arises from the familiar episode of a gen
tleman who was out later than he should
have been and who, in consequence, reaps
the penalties of wrongdoing in results
mere diverting to his friends than to him
self. Mr. Webster gave a capital repre
sentation of the transgressor whose way
Is hard and was ably supported by Mr.
Montaine as the writing master mistaken
for a great writer. Mr. Hall as the un
v.illiag clave who has saved Mr. Web
ster's life was seriously comic and com
ically serious according to the demands
The Leandor Brothers made a big hit at
the Olympia last night, and Mabel Hud
son is still one of the most ponular feat
ures of the bill. The whole programme is
good and the large house of last night
will probibly be repeated throughout the
week.
Olympia.
The headliners at the Chutes this week
are the Jnoksons, who appear In an orig
inal act of their own, introducing wir?
walking, club juggling and concluding
with a clever three-round boxing: exhi
bition; Samsone and Delila appear in a
clever balancing act; Anna Kenwlck Ja
a Hweet singer. Thy holdovers, who ap
pear In new specialties, are Gus Leonard.
German comedian; Little Alma; Dell
Adelphia, magician, and new moving pic
tures.
. Chutes.
Manager E. A. Fischer presented com
edy for the first time at his cozy concert
house last night, and his effort was re
warded with a packed house. Cogill and
Cooper's comedians gave the three-act
absurdity, "The Green-Eyed Monster,"
and the little organization of eleven peo
ple worked together in capital form.
Charles W. Cogill was immensely funny
as Caraway Bones, and his songs and
Btorifs won hearty recallsr Georgle Cooper
received a warm welcome as Bina Med
way, and her song, "Waited, My Honey
Boy," Lillian ItusselTs latest success,
made a gr«*at hit. T. Daniel Dougherty
was very amusing as General Baltic, and
Georgle Woodthorpe mr»de an excellent
Mrs. Pennell. After ' fhe Green-Eyed
Monster" a specialty performance was
given, participated In by Tom Mack, bary
tone: Mae Kdgerton, trapezist; Laura
Dean, soprano, and Corinne in her "His
torical Antique."
Fischer's Concert House.
It is to laugh at the AlhambTa this
week. Edward A. Braden and. Charles W.
Strlne are on In the Rays' "A Hot Old
Time." This piece has been seen before
in this city, and the memory of the laughs
It makes is still green. Clever specialties
intersperse the humorous run of the play.
"A Hot Old Time." "The Hero of the
Football Game" and "I'm the Terror of
the Western Plains" were among: the new
songs and a apeclal series of dances by
John and Bertha Gleeson closed an enter
taining programme.
Alhambra.
The Haverly minstrels opened the week
with an appreciative end much-tickled
audlerce. The performance is a delightful
mixture of innocent fun and good music
There Is a refreshing and wholesome ab
sence of slang and coarseness that com
mends the company to the San Francisco
public, and there are six or eight stars in
the combination.
California.
received numerous encores, and Tom
Greene had to respond several times for
his song, "Friends, which was splendldly
rendered. Hartman and Webb are an ex
cellent team and their topical songs keep
the audience in excellent humor. Miss
Williams, the new soprano, has appa
rently established herself as a prime fa
vorite. Annie Myers' kissing song is one
of the most popular numbers.
Tivoli.
The tuneful comic opera. "The Jolly
Musketeer." commenced Its third week at
the Tivoli Opera-house last night to a
large audience. The principals in the cast
—Ferris Hartman, Tom Greene, Edward
Webb, Maud Williams and Annie Myers—
There nre five new and splendid num
bers on this week's Orpheum bill, which
In conjunction with the "holdovers"
makes a programme that Is more than
•vvortn the time and attention of the lovers
of vaudeville. Patrice presents a dainty
romediPtta. "The Girl in the Moon," in
which the refined and the ridiculous ore
happily mingled. One of trrtf characters,
Luna speaks as we suppose the unearthly
do. while Jack Darlington, the other party
to the farce. Is thoroughly earthly and
altogether slangily up to date. The com
bination of these two opposites makes an
amusing twenty-minute play. The Pant
zer trio, clever acrobats; May de Sousa, a
dainty songstress, with a high soprano
voice that Is charming and sympathetic;
A. M. Powers, a mimic and comic singer,
and Robertus and Wilfredo. Jugglers and
equilibrists, hold ur the new end of the
programme.
Orpheum.
Mr. Furst has furnished some appro
priate music and the opening tableaux of
Fujiyama by sunrise, at noon and by
moonlight help to give atmosphere to the
play. The setting of the piece Itself Is
both quaint and beautiful and the results
obtained in the New York and London
productions have evidently been carefully
utilized by the stage management. The
only objectionable feature last night was
the undue time consumed In making the
light changes— unless perhaps the most
prolonged of these was an attempt to con
vey to the audience an impression that
an entire night hail passed during some
five stage minute. If this effect was de
liberately aimed at it was a failure, as all
such attempts must be.
Miss Crosby played with ease ana
charm, though with &o pronounced an ac
cent that many of her words were indis
tinct. That is a mistake, I am sure. In
such a highly conventionalized produc
tion, if we grant that a Japanese char
acter may speak English at all. it should
be English Nipponized just enough to give
a mere suggestion of foreignness and no
more. If more is attempted we get an
often unintelligible and therefore obscur
ing dialect. L. DU PONT SYLE.
of the situations. Miss Convere had little
to <!o save to look pretty and intelligent;
that came to her without effort.
"Madame Butterfly," the little tragedy
that followed, was really a one-part piece
for Miss Crosby, who played the title role.
Humorous treatment of Japanese subjects
has long been common on our stage, but
this is the first play, within my knowledge
at least, where a tragic treatment has
been attempted — and successfully. Cho-
Cho-San's belief that her lover will re
turn, her inability to realize that men
were decivers ever, her joy at his sup
posed returning to her and her hopeless
grief when she learns he can never again
be hers— all these are of the essence of
universal tragedy, as true in Japan as in
London or in New York. The dramatic
setting in which Mr. Belasco ha3 placed
his theme lend% it enough of novelty to
make interesting what were otherwise a
merely ordinary repetition of a thousand
times-told tale.
PRETTT AND POPULAR ALJCE NIELSEN AND EUGENE COWLES, FROM A SCENE IN THE SUCCESSFUL
COMIC OPERA. "THE FORTUNE TELLER," WHICH IS ATTRACTING LARGE AUDIENCES TO THE CO
LUMBIA THEATER NIGHTLY.
of Havana at 12 noon on the first Monday of
November, in the year 1900, to frame and adopt
a constitution for the people of Cuba and as
a part" thereof to provide for and agree with
the Government of the United States upon the
relations to exist between that Government
and the Government of Cuba and to provide
for the election by the people of officers under
such constitution and the transfer of govern
ment to the officers so elected.
"The election wjll be held In the several vot
ing precincts of the Island under and pursuant
to the provisions of the electoral law of April
18. 1900, and the . amendenta thereof."
CUBAN CONVENTION.
The election was held on the 15th of Septem
ber and the convention assembled on the 6th
of November, 1900, and is now in session."
In calling the convention to order, the mili
tary Governor of Cuba . made the following
statement:
'.'As military Governor of the. Island, repre
senting the President of the United States, I
call this convention to order. It will be your
duty, first to frame and adopt- a constitution
for Cuba and when that has been done to for
mulate what. In your opinion, ought to be the
relations between Cuba and the United States.
"The constitution , must be adequate to secure
a stable, orderly and a free government.
"When you. have formulated the relations
which In your opinion ought to exist between
Cuba and th© United States, the Government
of the United States will doubtless take such
action on Its part as shall lead to a final and
authoritative agreement between the people
of the two countries. to the promotion of their
common interests.
"All friends of Cuba will follow your dellb-
I eratlona with the ¦ deepest Interest, earnestly
I desiring that you shall reach Just conclusions
| and that by the dignity, individual self-re-
Btraint and wise conservatism which shall
characterize your proceedings the capacity of
the Cuban people for representative govern
ment may be slgnall] Illustrated.
"The fundamental distinction between true
representative government and dictatorship is
that the former is representative of the peo
ple. In whatever position the official is he con
fine* himself strictly within the limits of his
j denned powers. Without such restraint there
can be no free constitutional government.
"Under the order pursuant to which you
have been elected and convened you have no
duty and no authority to take part in the
present government ot the Island. Your pow
ers are strictly limited by the terms of that
order.
"When the convention concludes Its labor
I will transmit to Congress the constitution as
framed by the convention for its consideration
and for such action as It may deem advisable."
I • renew the recommendation made in my
special message of February 10, 1S93, as to the
necessity for cable communication between
the United States and Hawaii, with extension
to Manila. Since then circumstances have
strikingly emphasised this need. Surveys have
shown the entire feasibility of a chain of
cables which at each stopping place shall touch
on American territory, so that the system shall
be under our own complete control. Manila,
once within telegraphic reach, connection with
the systems of the Asiatic coast would be in
creased and profitable opportunities for a more
direct cable route from our shores to the
Orient than Is now afforded by the trans-
Atlantic, continental and trans-Atlantic lines. I
urge attention to this Important matter.
ARMY AND FORTIFICATIONS.
The present strength of the army is. 100.000
men— 65,000 regulars and 35,000 volunteers. Un
der the act of March 2, 1S99, on the 30th of
June next the present volunteer force will be
discharged and the regular army reduced to
2447 officers and 29,025 enlisted men.
In 1S8S a board of officers convened by Presi
dent Cleveland adopted a comprehensive scheme
of coast defense fortifications, which involved
the out'.ay of something more than $100,000,000.
This plan received the general approval of
Congress, and since then regular appropriations
havo been made and the work of fortification
has steadily progressed.
More than $6^.000,000 haa been Invested in a
great number of forts and guns, with all the
complicated and scientific machinery and elec
trical appliances necessary for their use. The
proper care of this defensive machinery re
quires men trained In its use. The number of
men necessary to perform this duty alone is
ascertained by the War Department at a min
imum allowance to be 18,420.
There are fifty-eight or more military posts
in the United States other than the coast de
fense fortifications.
The number of these posts is being constantly
Increased by Congress. More than $22,000,000
has been expended In building and equipping
them and they can only be cared for by the
regular army. The pests now In existence and
others to be built provide accommodations for
and If fully garrisoned require 26.000 troops.
Many of these posts are along our frontier or
at important strategic points, the occupation
of which U necessary.
TROOPS IN {THE ISLANDS.
We have in Cuba between D0O0 and 6000
troope. For the present our troops In that isl
and cannot be withdrawn or materially dim
inished and certainly not until the conclusion
of the labors of the constitutional convention
now in session and a government provided by
the new constitution Bhall have been estab
lished and Its stability assured.
In Porto Rico. we have reduced the garrisons
to 1C36. which include S96 native troops. There
is no room for further reduction here. We will
be required to keep a considerable force In the
Philippine Islands for some time to come.
From the best Information obtainable we shall
m-eil there for the immediate future from 50,000
to eo.ox) men. I am sure the number may be
reduced as the- Insurgents shall come to ac
knowledge the authority of the United States,
of which there are assuring Indications.
It must be apparent that we will require an
army of about 60,000 and that during present
crndttlons in Cuba and the Philippines the
Piesldent should have authority to Increase the
fr.rce to the present number of 100,000. Included
in this number, authority should be given to
rclee native troops In the_ Philippines up to
15.000, which the Taft commission believe will
be more effective in detecting and suppressing
guerrillas, assassins and ladrones than our own
soldiers. ,•'''
The full,, discussion of this subject by the
Secretary of War in his annual report is called
to your earnest attention.
I renew the recommendation made In my last
annual message that 'Congress provide a spe - 1
clal medal of honor for the volunteers, regulars,
sollors and marines on duty in the Philippines
who voluntarily remained in the service after
their terms of enlistment had expired.
I favor the recommendation of the Secretary
of War for the detail of officers from the line
of the army when vacancies occur In the Adju
tant-General's Department, Inspector-General's
Department, Quartermaster-General's Depart
ment, Subsistence Department, Pay Depart
ment, Ordnance Department and Signal Corps.
The army cannot be too highly commended for
Its faithful and effective services in active mil
itary operations in the field and the difficult
work of Its able administration.
The continued and rapid growth of the postal
service' Is' a sure index of the great and In
creasing business activity of the country. Its
mest striking new development is the exten
sion of rural free delivery. This has come
almost wholly within the last year. At the be-
Clnning of the fiscal year 1893-1500, the number
of routes In operation was' only 391, and most
of these had been running less than twelve
months. On the 15th of November, 1900, tha
number had Increased to 2611, reaching into
forty-four States and Territories and serving a
population of j 1,801,624. The number of appli
cations now pending and awaiting action nearly
equals all those granted up to the present time,
and by the close of the current fiscal year about
4000 routes will have been established, providing
for the dally delivery of malls at the scattered
hemes of about three and a half millions of
rural population. This service ameliorates the
isolation of farm life, conduces to good roads
8nd quickens and extends the dissemination of
general Information. Experience thus far has
tended to allay the apprehension that It would
be so expensive as to forbid Its general adop
tion or make it a general burden. Its actual
application has shown that It increases postal
receipts and can be accompanied by reduc
t'ons in other branches of the service, so that
the augmented revenues and the accomplished
savings together naturally reduce the net cost.
The evidences which point to these conclusions
are presented In detail In the annual report of
the Postmaster-General, which, with Its rec
ommendations, is recommended to the consider
ation of the Congress. The full development
of this special service, however, requires such a
large outlay of money that it should be under
taken only after a careful study and thorough
understanding of all that it involves.
arid regions are receiving careful and increased
consideration.
An extensive exhibit at Paris of the products
of agriculture has made the peoples of many
countries more familiar with the varied pro
ducts of our fields and their comparative ex-
The collection of statistics regarding our
crops is being improved and sources of informa
tion are being enlarged to the end that produc
ers may have the earliest advices regarding
crop conditions. There has never been a time
when those for whom It was established have
shown more appreciation of the services of the
department. •?."•.'.;_.¦
In my annual message of December 5, lS'Js.
I called attention to the necessity for some
amendment of the alien contract law. Ther-»
still remain Important features of the rightful
application of the eight hour law for the bene
fit of labor and of the principle of arbitration,
and I again commend these subjects to the
careful attention of the- Congress.
That there may be secured the best servlc*
possible In the Philippines. I issued under date
of November 19. 1900. the following order:
"The United States Civil Service Commission
is directed to render sneh service as may bo
practicable to the Civil Service Board created
under the act of the United States Philippines
Commission for the establishment and main
tenance of an honest and efficient civil service
in the Philippine Islands, and for that purpose
to conduct examinations for the civil service
of the Philippine Islands, upon the request cf
the Civil Service Board of said islands, undor
such regulations as may be agreed upon by tha
said board and the said United States Civil
Service Commission," ~* » : :
CIVIL SERVICE COMMISSION.
The Civil Service Commission is greatly em
barrassed In its work for want of an adequate
permanent force for clerical and other assist
ance. Its needs are fully set forth In Its re
port. I invite attention to the report, and
especially urge upon the Congress that this im
portant bureau of the public service, which
passes upon the qualifications and character
of so large a number of officers and employes
of the Government, should be supported by Ml
needed appropriations to secure promptness and
efficiency.
I am very much lmoressed with the state
ment made by the head* ot all departments of
the urgent necessity of a hall of public records.
In every departmental building In Washing
ton, so far as I am informed, the space for
official records is not only exhausted, but th-i
walls of rooms are lined with shelves, the
middle floor space of many rooms is filled with
file cases, and garrets and basements which
were never Intended and are unfitted for their
accommodation are crowded with them. Aside
from the Inconvenience there is great danger
not only from fire but from the weight of these
records upon timbers not intended for their
support. There should b«- a separate bulldln*
especially designed for the purpose of receiv
ing and preserving the annually accumulating
archleves of the several executive departments
Such a hall need not be a costly structure, but
should be so arranged as to admit of enlarge
ment ' from time to time. I urgently recom
mend that the Congress take early action In
this matter.
I transmit to the Congress a resolution
adopted at a recent meeting of the American
Bar Association concerning the proposed cele
bration of John Marshall day, February 4 1301
Fitting exercises have been arranged, and it Is
earnestly desired by the committee - that the
Congress may participate In this movement to
the honor of the merits of the great Jurist
The transfer of the Government to this" clt»
is a fact of great historical interest Amone
the people there Is a feeling of genuine pride
In the capital of the republic. It Is a matter
of interest in this connection that in 1S0O the
population of the IMstrlct of Columbia was
14.093; to-day It is J78.719. The population To?
. th ! C fe,2» f Washln * torl then &0* toSlay
The Congress having provided for "an ar>
proprlate national celebration of the. centennial
anniversary of the seat of government In the
District of Columbia." the committees author
ized by It have prepared a programme tor the
12th of December. 1300. which date hS bSn se
lected as the anniversary day. Deep interest
has been shown tn the arrangements for the
celebration by the members of the coming Sen
ate and House, the committee ot Governors ap
pointed by the President and the commtuee
appointed by the citizens and inhabitants of the
District of Columbia generally. The pro
gramme, in addition to a reception and other
exercise* at the Executive Mansion, provided
' commemorative exercises to be held Jointly by
the Senate and House of Representatives In the
hall of the House of Representatives and a
reception in the evening at the Corcoran Gal
lery of Art In honor of the Governor* of the
States and Territories.
In our great prosperity we. must guard
against the danger It Invites In extravagance
In Government expenditures and appropriation *
and the. chosen representatives of the people
will. I doubt not. furnish an example in their
translation of that wise rronomy which In a
reason of plenty husbands for the future In
this era of grtat business activity and oppor
tunity caution is nr.t untimely, ft will not
abate but strengthen cur confidence. It will
not retard but promote legitimate Industrial
and commercial expansion. Our growing- power
brings with it temptations and perils requiring
constant vigilance to avoid. It must not bs
used to invite conflicts, nor for oppression, but
for the more effective maintenance of those
principles of equality and Justice upon which
our Institutions and happiness depend. Let us
keep always in mind that the foundation of
our Government is liberty: Its superstructure
peace. WILLIAM McKINLEY.
Executive Mansion. December 4 1900.
Very efficient service has been rendered by
the nary in connection with the Insurrection In
the Philippines and- the recent disturbance la
China.
A very satisfactory settlement has been made
of the long pending: question of the manufac
ture of armor plates. A reasonable price has
been secured and the necessity for a Govern
ment armor. slant avoided.
I approve of the recommendations of the Sec
retary of the Navy for new vessels and for ad
ditional officers and men, which the required
increase of the navy makes necessary.
I commend to the favorable action of the
Congress the measure now pending for the
erection of a statue to the memory Of the late
David D. Porter. I commend also the establish
ment of a" national navy reserve and of the
grade of vice admiral. Provisions should b«
made, as recommended by the Secretary, for
suitable rewards for special merit. Many offi
cers who rendered the most distinguished, serv
ice during the recent war with Spain have re
ceived in return no recognition from the Con
gress.
The total area of public land, as given by
the Secretary of the Interior, Is approximately
1,071,881,662 acres, of which 917.935,880 acres are
undisposed of and 154,745,782 acres have been
reserved for various purposes. The public lands
disposed of durlne the year amount to 13.433,
887.06 acres, including €2.423.09 acres of Indian
lands, an Increase of 4,271,474.80 over the preced
ing year. The total receipts from the sale of
public lands during the fiscal year were $4,379,
758 10, an increase of 11,809,620 76 over the pre
ceding year.
The results obtained from our forest policy
have demonstrated Its wisdom and the neces
sity in the interest of the public for its contin
uance and increased appropriations by the Con
gress for the carrying on of the work. On Jure
30, 1900, there were thirty-seven forest reserves,
created by Presidential proclamations under
section 24 of the act of March 3, 1891, embracing
an area of 46,425,129 acres.
During the past year the Olympic reserve. In
the State of "Washington, was reduced 265,040
acres, leaving its present area at 1,923,840 acres.
The Prescott reserve in Arizona was increased
from 10,240 acres to 423,680 acres, and the Big
Horn reserve. In "Wyoming, was increased from
1,127,690 acres to 1,180,800 acres. A new reserve,
the Santa Ynez, In California, embracing an
area of 145.000 acres, was created during this
year. On October 10, 1900. the Crow Creek for
est reserve. In Wyoming, was created, with an
area of 56.330 acres.
INCBEASE OF PENSION BOLL.
At the end of the fiscal year there were on
the pension roll 993,225 names, a net increase
of 2010 over the fiscal year 1899. The number
added to the rolls during the year was 45,344.
The amount disbursed for army pensions dur
ing this year was $134,700,594 24 and for navy
pensions $3,761,033 41, a total of $138,462,130 65,
leaving an unexpended balance of I5.S12.76S 25
to be conveyed Into the treasury, which shows
an Increase over the previous year's expenditure
of $107,077 70. There were 684 names added to
the rolls during the year by special acts passed
at the first session of the Fifty-sixth Congress.
The act of May, 1900, among other things,
provides for an extension of income to widows
pensioned under said act to $250 per annum.
The Secretary of the Interior believes that by
the operations of this act the number of per
sons pensioned under it will increase and the
increased annual payment for pensions will be
between $3,000,000 and $4.00O.0C0.
The Government Justly appreciates the serv
ices of its soldiers and sailors by making pen
sion payments liberal beyond precedent to the
men, their widows and orphans.
There were 26,540 letters patent granted. In
cluding reissues and designs, during the fiscal
year ended June 30, ibw, 18G0 trademarks, 6S2
Ubf'Is and ninety-three prints registered.
The number of patents which expired was
19.98S. The total receipts for patents were 11.
3IS.228 35. The expenditures were $1,247,527 68.
showing a surplus of $110,400 77.
The attention of Congress is called to the
report of the Secretary of the Interior touch
ing the necessity for the further establishment
of schools In the Territory of Alaska and favor
able action is Invited thereon.
Much interesting information is given in the
report of the Governor of Hawaii as to the
progress and developments of- the islands dur
ing, the period from July 7, 1893, the date of
the approval of the Joint resolution of Con
gress providing for their annexation, up to
April 80, 1900. the date of the approval of the
act providing a government for the territory
and thereafter.
The last Hawaiian census, taken in the year
1S96, gives a total population of 1C9.020, of
which 31,019 were native Hawaiian*. The num_
ber of Americans reported was 84S5. The re
sults of the Federal census taken this year
show the islands to have a total population of
1E4.001, showing an increase over that reported
In 1S36 of 44.9S1 or 41.2 per cent.
There has been marked progress In the edu
cational, agricultural and railroad development
of the Islands. *
In the territorial act of April 30, 1900. section
7 of said act repeats chapter 34 of the civil
laws of Hawaii, whereby the Government was
to assist in encouraging and developing the
agricultural resources of the republic, especial
ly irrigation. The Governor of Hawaii recom
mends legislation looking to the " development
of such water supply as may exist on the
public lands, with a view of promoting land
settlement. The earnest consideration of Con
gress Is Invited to this Important recommenda
tion and others, as embodied in the report of
the Secretary of the Interior.
The director of the census states that the
work In connection with the twelfth census Is
progressing favorably. This national under
taking, ordered by Congress each decade, has
finally resulted in the collection of an aggre
gation of statistical facts to determine the In
dustrial growth of the country, its manufactur
ing and mechanical resources. Its richness in
mines and forests, the numbers of Us agri
cultural districts, their farms and products.
Its educational and religious opportunities, as
well as questions pertaining to sociological
conditions.
COMPLETING THE CENSUS.
The labors of the officials in charge of the
bureau Indicate that the law of March 3, 1S99,
requiring the completion of the four important
and most desired subjects, namely, population,
agricultural, manufacturing and vital statis
tics, will be completed within the prescribed
limit.
The field work incident to the abov» in
quiries is now practically finished and as a
result the population of the States and Ter
ritories including the Hawaiian Islands and
Alaska has been announced. The growth of
population during the last decade amounts to
over 13.C00.000, a greater numerical increase
than in any previous census in the history of
the country.
Bulletins will be Issued as rapidly as possible,
giving the population by States and Territor
ies,- by minor civil divisions. Several announce
ments of this kind have already been adopted
and it is hoped that the list will be completed
by January 1. Other bulletins giving the re
sults of the manufacturing and agricultural
inquiries wlli be given to the public as rapidly
an circumstances will admit.
The director, while confident of his ability
to complete the different branches of the under
taking in the allotted time, finds himself em
barrassed by the lack of a trained force prop
erly equipped for statistical work, thus rais
ing the question whether in the interest of
economy and a thorough execution of the census
work there should not be retained In th» Gov
ernment employ a certain number of experts,
not only to aid In the preliminary organiza
tion prior to the taking of the decennial census,
but In addition to having the advantage in the
field and office work of the bureau of trained
assistants to facilitate the early completion of
this enormous undertaking.
I recommend that Congress at its present ses
sion apportion representation among the sev
eral States as provided by the constitution.
The Department of Agriculture has been ex
tending its work during the past year, reaching
farther for new varieties of seeds and plants;
co-operating more fully with the States and
Territories in research along useful lines; mak
ing progress in meteorological work relating to
lines of wireless telegraphy and forecasts for
ocean-going vessels; continuing Inquiry as to
animal disease: looking Into the extent and
character of food adulteration; outlining plans !
for the care, preservation . and intelligent har
vesting'of our wood lands; studying soils that
producers may cultivate with better knowledge
of conditions, and hoping to clothe desert
places with grasses suitable to our arid re
gions. Our Island possessions are being con
sidered, that their peoples may be helped to
produce the tropical products -now so exten
sively brought Into the United States. Inquiry
into methods of Improving our roads has been
active during the year; help has been given to
many localities and scientific Investigations of
material in the State and Territories have been
Inaugurated. Irrigation problems In our ecml-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1900,
(Continued from Pag© 3.)
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Victor Herbert's Tuneful Little Comic Opera Scores a
Decided Hit and Is Full of Good Things'
Well Rendered.
CHIC LITTLE ALICE NIELSEN
IN 'THE FORTUNE TELLER"
!8s
8
SoHmer Pianos!
The money- bought rccom-
l mentation 'and preference of well-
I known musicians was never needed to
sell the Sohmer.
It is used in the homes and the halls
and the meeung places where nothing
but merit counts in selection.
Pa!*ce Hotel Grill GoMcn Gate Hall
OJd FeUows' Hall Red Branch Hall
hlk't Hnll Stanford Univenky
Byron Mauzy
Sol* Atfent of Sohnvr Piano*
30^-812 Poet 8t San Francisco
OPBN 6ATURDAY EVEIWIC&
In Navy, Black, Brown or Dull
Plaids, Single-Breast Sack Suits lika
you pay ten dollars for at credit
stores are
At our cash sale thi3 -week. Overcoats
and other clothing at money-saving
prices.
Men's heavy natural wool? Undershirts.. 35c
Men's hsavy natural wool? Drawers...... 35o
Men's irenteel worktnff shirts 33o
Hen's fine colored Sunday shirts 35c
Men's wool yarn neck comforts jdo
Fine large sllkollne comforts ajrain |2.1">
Heavy comforts for common use tl.CO
White bedspreads. 11.80 kind li.co
SHOES FOR~MEN, S1.25.
Heavy every-day congress shoes, men's J1.2T,
Medium weljtht lace, office w?ar |£g
Heavy ETaatem brogans jj w
Sunday styles, lace or conttreas j^ry,
Lrfidlrs" fine kid shoes, lace t\ m
Ladles' stylish shoes. Ions wear $1.30. $2 m>
Ladles' 60e underpants, vests, sold
Girls' 50c underpants, vests, so!,1 „ «3c
Ladles' 11.00 and $1.25 pants, vests, sold 50c
Infants" little gray pants 5c.* 10c
You save half on many things at a cash stom
and a good per cent on everything. Try It an.1
get rich. Home Circle and complete lists now
ready to mall. Write for It to
C/%SH STORE
25-27 Market St., San Francisco, p.t.
. ¦ . AJ?vjaiiTT»riin KlUxh.
Is it not true ? Women suffer, feel the life crushed I
out of them, grow old before their time. Each morning 1
wake up determined to do so much before the day ends, |
I Before the morning is very old the dreadful BACKACHE a
attacks them, the brave spirit sinks back in affright ; no 1
| matter how hard they struggle, the " clutch "is upon them 1
I and they fall upon the couch crying z s
" Why should I suffer so ? What can I do %** i
The answer is ready, your cry has been heard, and a 1
woman is able to restore you to health and happiness. 1
Backache is only a 'symptom of more fatal trouble-
heed its warning in time.
ILydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will
stop your torture and restore your courage. Your pains
come from unnatural menstruation or some derangement
of the womb. Let those who are suffering read Mrs. Mor-
ton's letter and be guided by her experience. !
AN OPEN LETTER TO WOMEN. !
"Dear Mrs. Pinkiiam:— I have been so delighted t» i _m . ¦ ¦!
with Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound ' ;
I thought I would write and thank you. My system 'wSfnPliik ! ! J
was entirely run down. I suffered with terrible back- *sP^^ B^|& ' n
ache in tho small of my back and could hardly stand &» mm- h&jft '¦ ¦
upright; was more tired in the morning than on retiring Jg u \jjn i 1
at night. I had no appetite. Since taking your Com- fe*^ W |
pound I have gained fifteen pounds, and am gaining J&z" "S "\
every week. My appetite has improved, have no back- J fterrjfu ,,J& a
ache, and I look better than I ever looked before. 4
" I shall recommend it to all my friends, as it cer- r ?&f|nfyl™<T|t']
tainly is a wonderful medicine."— Mas. E, F. Morton, i-sWlUll T MM j
1043 Hopkins St., Cincinnati. O. ||mbs c.fwort^J [ 1
Wben a medicine has been successful in restoring to health I
more than a million women, you cannot well say, without jj
trying it, "I do not believe it will help me." If you are ill '\
don't hesitate to get a bottle of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable 1
Compound at once, aud write Mrs. Pinkham, Lynn, Mass., for 1
special advice— it is free. Z
$BB iMk 4p& /?\ fl ff" tjftf Ani% Ow;n ? «> }*« foct that some skeptical I
IB j q| 1 I H ffiEr H» Unll P eo P leh^ ve ' roi atunetotLTie questioned !
W&& E HB.&B VV rll&U thcjtou-ner.essot the testimonial letters f
v yj H jj M a U 2a we are constantly publishing, we have 3
K H HH i 13 S dt P° sitI d wittl e National City Bank, of Lynn, Mass.. $5,000, (
ReUHnM 5 CT H which will be paid to any person who can show that the above !
«*Lr vv US? 'Bw t= * t fc non '»l fa lot genuine, or was nttlished before cbtainfc:; the 1
¦^*r "*a«r writer'* special permission.— Lysia E. Pinxham Mesicixb Co. iBouvier Says Ground Will
Be Broken in Less Than
Six Weeks.:
HEW OPERA
HOUSE IS TO
BE EBEGTED
In the Divorce Court-
Lillian M. d'Ancona has been granted a
divorce from Dr. Arnold A. d'Ancona, a
member of the present Board of Super
visors. The decree was issued on the
ground of willful desertion. Decrees of
divorce were also granted to Charles Cole
from Allie N. Cole, for desertion; Cather
ine J. Duncan from James A. Duncan, for
habitual Intemperance; Lottie, Paton from
Frank W. Paton. for willful neglect, and
Edith Maria Wall from Charles A. Wall,
for cruelty. • 'K
Suits for divorce have been filed by Alice
Flood against George "Flood, for cruelty;
Nina L. Reeves against Thomas Reeves,
for cruelty, and Julia K. Jacobs against
Charles S. Jacobs, for cruelty.
Judge William T. Wallace was In a rem
iniscent mood when he took the stand in
Judge Seawell's court yesterday morning
to press his claim against Drury Melone
for legal services rendered since 18S0 in
the matter of the recovery on bonds is
sued by the city of Placerville. The ac
quaintance of the plaintiff and the de
fendant was the first subject of inquiry,
and in response to the questions of coun
sel Judge Wallace, said:
"I met Mr. Melone in San Jose in 1853,
and for nearly a half-century we were in
timate friends. He was a very active" man,
and his activity often furnished me with
opportunities to advise him regarding va
rious deals In which he became interested,
but I never charged him for these'ser
vices. * ' '
"In the year of 18S0, as near as I can re
member, we became Interested in the is
suance of bonds by the city of Placerville,
A bond issue of 1100.000 was made and
placed upon the market, the funds so ob
tained being for the purpose of construct
ing a railroad through that city. After
the bonds were issued the city refused to
take them up, and it was not until 1889
that a settlement could be obtained. Mr.
Melone then obtained $36,150 25. An agree
ment had been made between us to the
effect that for my services I was to have
one-half of any sum received by him. He
neglected to tell me, however, that he had
compromised with the city of Placerville
and had secured the sum named.
"When I heard that he had finally re
covered on the bonds I demanded my
share, but he refused to even listen to my
demands tor some time. He asked me if
It was not a fact that a written agreement
had been made between us to the effect
that I was to have 20 per cent of his
profits. I assured him that he was in er
ror; that the agreement between us was
oral and to the effect that I was to re
ceive one-half of his entire income from
the deal for my services."
Judge Wallace then testified at length
concerning the suit brought against the
city of Placerville to recover on the bonds,
In which judgment was recovered In Sep
tember of 1S81.
Ryland B. Wallace was next placed on
the stand. He testified in substance as
did Judge Wallace. For many years, he
said, he acted as counsel for Mr. Melone,
and among other duties he was forced to
keep a watchful eye on the Legislature
to prevent the enactment of a general law
which would prevent collection of the
Judgment.
This was the only mention made of the
Legislature during the day's proceedings.
Matters promise to grow more Interesting
when the hearing of Melone's cross-com
plaint is taken up. for Melone claims that
his services In keeping the Legislature In
line and maintaining a lobby are worth
a sum much greater than that demanded
by the plaintiffs, and for which he de
mands Judgment.
No Reference to Defendant's Claim
for Lobbying Made, That Only
• Being Referred To
\-:«:Y Once,
Says Melone Was Not Glad
to See Him When He
, Called for Money.
WALLAC E TELLS
THE STORY OF
HIS SERVICES
Franklin J. Bonney Insolvent.
Franklin :J. Bonney filed a petition in
Jneolvency yesterday In the United States
District Court His liabilities are $30,
896 03. He has no uifU. His heaviest
creditor is Chorlya Xahn, oC P»ria,
Franc*, to whom ha own CBjafc
Water-Tender Nicey's Overalls Bulga
GOODS OF SMUGGLERS
. SEIZED. ON THOMAS
Soundings With Results.
and Inspector Enloe Makes
Edward Nicey, water tender on the
transport Thomas, put on a pair of over
alls yesterday morning before coming
ashore,, and, as they were three sizes too
large for him, he restored their symmetry
by winding around his legs two elegant
silk embroidered table covers from Naga
saki. Customs Inspector Enloe ran a
lady's hatpin Into one of the overalls, and
not striking bottom BearcHed Nlcev and
found the table covers. Nlcey was ar
rested for attempted smuggling, and Cus
toms Collector Stratton has requested the
United States Attorney's office to prose
cute the water tender.
There was also found on board the
Thomas, stowed away in the engineer's
department, a large quantity of cigars,
silks, kimonos and chlnaware, on which
duty had not been paid and for which
there did not appear to be any owners.
The goods were seized and will be sold
by the Government.
TOPICS ARE NAMED FOR
THE WATER CONVENTION
Proposed Legislative and Congres
sional Programme Is Mapped
Out in Detail.
Tn a call sent out from thV headquarters
'of the California "Water and Forest Asso
ciation for "the second annual convention,
to be held In this city In the Maple room
of the Palace Hotel, on Thursday, Friday
and Saturday of next week. President
Thomas enumerates the resolutions and
propositions that have already been of
fered for discussion. These embrace the
legislative and Congressional programme.
They are as follows:
Requesting Congress to appropriate $250,000
for the work of the geological survey and
$100,000 for the work of the irrigation Inves
tigations of the Department of Agriculture
during the year 1901; requesting the Secretary
of the Interior to set aside $30^000 for the work
of the geological survey In California, and
requesting the Secretary of Agriculture to set
npide $20,0C0 for the work of the Irrigation In
vestigations In California during the year 1901;
requesting Congress to reserve all unsold pub
lic forest lands within the State, to establish
a more efficient forest patrol and to adopt a
national policy of scientific ' forestry; to en
courage the preservation of second growth tim
ber,, to perintt the purchase by the State of
"cut-over" forest lands and to provide more
fitringent penalties against forest and brush
fires: the advisability of an appropriation by
the Btate of the sum of SGO.OOO to be expended
during 1901 and 1902 In collaboration with the
United States geological survey and of the
sum of $30,000 to be expended during the same
I-erlod In collaboration with the Irrigation In
vestigations of the Department of Agriculture;
the creation of a. special tribunal to finally
adjudicate all conflicting water rights and
make same a matter of record; proposition for
authorizing Irrigation districts to compound
their existing Indebtedness; plans for the con
servation of flood waters and for the publics
control of the distribution of water In accord
ance with .vested rights will probably b« dis
cussed, but have not as yet been presented to
the oflicers of the association In definite form.
Usual Friction Is Caused
by the Lack of
Stenographers.
POLICE JUDGES
AGAIN QUARREL
The Police Judges are once more quar
reling over stenographers and the Mayor
will perhaps have to be called on again
to act as arbiter. Howard Vernon, one of
the reporters, has been confined to his
bed with pneumonia for the last week,
and, as a result, the other two have had
more work than they could attend to.
Yesterday morning Judge Cabaniss had
two felony examinations and no stenog
rapher. He pent his bailiff, Fleming, to
Judge Conlan with a request for the ser
vices of Reporter Frank Vernon. Con
lan told Vernon to remain; as felony cases
were coming up In his court, too.
Cabaniss then had his two cases trans
ferred to Conlan's court by Presiding
Judge Fritz. Fleming left the* transfer
order with Clerk Rice and placed the pris
oners in Conlan's dock.
Conlan said he would not recognize the
transfer and Fleming took the prisoners
back to Cabaniss. The last named Judge
ordered them back to Conlan's care, but
Bailiff Lawes. acting under the Judge's
Instructions, locked his dock and refused
to take them.
Back went the men to Cabaniss In
Fleming's care. This Judge continued
the cases until Friday, remanding the
prisoners to the City Prison, and then is
sued orders to Frank Vernon to appear In
his court every afternoon at 2 o'clock, ex
cepting on Sundays and holidays. " '
The war of the Police Judges has only
begun and before it is over a* stirring
chapter may be added to the city's his
tory.
LINEMEN ABE PLEASED /
WITH STBIKE OUTLOOK
Companies Are Making Concessions
Desired and Competing Me3-
- senger Service Planned.
The Linemen's Union met last evening
at 102 O'Farrcll street and Initiated
twenty new members. President Keefe
presided. After the meeting reports were
made by President Keefe and others
prominent in the councils of the linemen.
They wtre all confident they would suc
ceed in getting the concessions they
nought They reported that one company
had conceded all that they had aiikcd.
They were greatly pU-ased with this ac-
The other development of yesterday was
th- beginning by A. W. Wehe of the foun
dation of a service to compete with the
American District Telegraph Company.
Mr. \Vche reported that he had been
greatly encouraged by offers of support
and assistance. He proposed to run U"«
Into all leading business concerns in the
city.
Kncouraglng reports wAre received at
the meeting from Sacramento and Oak
land concerning concessions and the atti
tude of the linemen.
vestigate the affairs of the naval militia
met last evening In division headquarters.
Seven officers were examined. They wero
Captain N. T. James, commanding the
naval militia; Ueutenan.t Commander
Thomas A. Nerney, executive officer of
the battalion: Lieutenant .W. F. Burke,
executive officer of the Marlon; Lieuten
ant William T. Bonney, chief engineer of
the Marion; Lieutenant C. R. Alberger,
aid to the commanding officer; Lieuten
ant W. G. Morrison, commanding tho
First Division, and Knslen J. C. Kelly,
acting assistant paymaster. The court
was composed of Lieutenant Colonel
Huber, chief commissary officer; Lieuten
ant Colonel Evans, chief signal officer,
and Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Dwyer, judge
advocate. Colonel Dwyer examined tho
witnesses.
The result of the Inquiry, so far as It
has gone, shows a general mlx-yp of au
thority, due to the endeavor to reconcile
the laws of the National Guard to th«
n«eds of a naval force, a division of finan
cial responsibility, and a dissatisfaction
over the location of the Marlon, the train-
Ing ship. It was suggested that she be
brought alongside of some wharf Instead
of being anchored out in the stream, os
the division officer declared that much
of the absence from drills Is caused by
the difficulty of going to and from tho
ship on drill nights. As a remedy Cap
tain James suggested a revision of th'j
laws governing the organization and a
reformation of the naval militia on' line*
strictly naval and as one ship's company.
Taking Testimony as to the Discip
line, Attendance and Maintenance
of the Organization.
The court of Inquiry convened to in-
NAVAL MILITIA IS
BEING INVESTIGATED
An Immense variety of white wood nov
elties for fire etching: also pretty and
useful articles In leather, purses, belts,
photo'caees and albuma, frames and fancy
boxes, all made for this same purpose,
and an excellent fresh supply of whole
sheepskins in all colors. Just from the tan
ner's: the latest improved pyrography out
fits. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market
street. • . *
Artistic Novelties.
Joseph Tigtl,
Merchant tailoring at moderate .prices.
Second floor Flood building, Fourth and
Market sts. •
The California Club adopted resolutions
at itn last meeting urging the Legislature
to Inaugurate a law for the protection of
meadow larks. Miss Catherine H. Hittell
explained why these birds should not be
shot down by the sportsman. They are
of great benefit to, the farmer, she said,
and In every State, excepting California
and Georgia, their killing is prohibited.
To Protect the Medlark.
Steals His Uncle's Purse.
The nine-y«:ar-old nephew of Julius
<'rmay, who resides at 223 Frederick
»treel. yesterday afternoon stole a purse
« aatMtatng V,~ To from his uncle and went
la tr.'- Chute*. Policeman Clancy thought
he acted suspiciously and started to ques
tion nim. The boy ijrcke down and haml
><\ the purse containing the money to the
'.fTirer. He was taken to police head
• .uarter* and subsequently taken home by
i.if uncle.
PUBLIC CONTRIBUTIONS
TO BE HELD IN TRUST
Supreme Court Decides That Son of
Brave Fireman Must "Walt for
His Money.
Thomas E. Hallinan, a son of the brave
fireman who lost his life some years ago
while in the performance of his duty, will
not receive his share of the fund sub
scribed for him by a generous public until
he reaches his majority. The Supreme
Court yesterday affirmed the Judgment of
the lower court in his suit to compel W.
R. Hearst to pay the money over to him.
The decision recalls the untimely deaths
of Timothy Hallinan, John Moholy and
Frank Keller, who were killed by the
falilnp of a wall in the conflagration that
destroyed the property of the Standard
Biscuit Company on ]¦ olsom street. The
public sympathized with the families .of
the dead heroes, and when W. R. Hearst
started a subscription by donating $200
the people added their contributions and
the fund reached S5905 25.
Before paying this pum to the relatives
the Examiners proprietor asked the ad
vice of three prominent citizens and they
suggested that a third of the sum col
'ect^d should be divided between the
young lady who was engaged to marry
Keller and hi* sisters, but as the children
of Moholy and Hallinan were minors ad
vised him to hold the money in trust until
they became of age. Acting on their ad
vice, Mr. Hearst declined to turn the
money over. Suit was brought by young
Hallinan through his guardian, Edward
J. L.inde Jr.. to compel Mr. Hearst to pay
over his share of the money contributed.
Mr.- Hearst was successful In the Supe
rior Court and an appeal was taken to
the Supreme Court. "
In affirming the Judgment of the lower
court Judge McFarland, who wrote the
opinion, said that when money was con
tributed In this way and no definite con
tract was made the contributors must
rely on not only the integrity but the good
Judgment and wise discretion of the per-
Bon or persons to whom the money was
given.
XIECTTM'S BODY WILL
BE SENT TO WASHINGTON
Soldier Hero's Remains Will Be In
terred in the National Ceme
tery at Arlington.
The remain? of the late Colonel Liscum
•ciU remain in the post chapel at the Prc-
eidio until to-morrow, when they will bo
chipped to WaFhirgion. I). C A detach
ment of non-c-unmlssioiipd officers will be
f--nt with the body a.« a guard of honor.
I'll* funoral of tho Kallant leader will l»e
hHd at \Y**MnKtoafknd Interment will Jje
in the- National Ometery at Arlington.
The ncampr McDowell took the remains
of seventy-three soldiers who died in 21i-
Ula from the transport Thomas yester
crv. The brdies were hauled to the Y. M.
* '. A. bdldlnff. wh'-re they will remain fjr
forty da\p awaiting request* from reif.
¦tives for shipment to th<-lr homes. In
tli« <*>•¦ of the l.oriies being unclaimed
they will l>e hurled at the Prrsidio. T!:e
;:•'!.¦! <-f Hf vn will be lu-ld to-day.
Chief of Police Sullivan submitted an
ordinance to the Board of Supervisors
yesterday making it unlawful for any
person to carry or have in his possession
"knock-out drops" or any such liquid or
drug, which, when placed in liquor, will
pioduce insensibility If drank. The ordi
nance also makes it unlawful for any
person to compound or put up any such
mixtures, excepting on a physician's pre
scription. The penalty provided is a fine
of $500 and Imprisonment for six months.
The ordinance was referred to the Joint
committees on Health and Police.
The Board of Works was requested to
submit to the Board of Supervisors the
specifications governing the performance
or street work.
The same board was authorized to en
ter into a contract to sweep the streets
at an estimated cost of $'JO,000 for six
months.
The Board of Works was also requested
to designate the character of the pave
ments which shall be laid on the road
ways of the streets prior to their accept
ance. •
An ordinance was passed to print pro
viding for the full acceptance of Vailejo
street, between Fillmore and Steiner, and
Potrero avenue, between Twentieth and
Twenty-first streets.
The resolution authorizing an expendi
ture of JG500 to lit up various offices in the
City Hall was passed to print.
Resolutions were adopted providing for
the return of protested taxes amounting
to J3433 51 to Wells. Fargo & Company,
and $5210 89 to the Humboldt Savings and
Loan Society, erroneously paid on bonds
of California quasi-public corporations in
1809-1900. (
The clerk of the board was directed to
advertise for proposals for printing and
delivering to various departments the de
cisions of the Supreme Court and the law
and motion calendar of the Superior
Court.
John F. English filed a communication
requesting a hearing before the Street
Committee, where he will attempt to
demonstrate that there is not one good
block faf pavement in San Francisco.
The board adjourned to meet Friday
evening for the water rate investigation.
Fossession of. "Knockout
Drops" to Be Made a
Misdemeanor.
LAW AGAINST
THUGS' WEAPON
International Hotel laundry, and she was
almost on the point of collapse with anx
iety. Her name, she stvid, was Mrs. An
nie Howie, but people usually contracted
the name Into Howe. When she was as
sured that her boy Eddie was at her sis
ter's and that his broken arm was mena
ing rapidly and that he would not die, she
burst into tears. Matron Harris supplied
her with car fare to take her to her sis
ter's house, the poor woman being penni
less.
Captain of Detectives Seymour and his
men have thus far been unable to find
anybody who paid to ge* on the roof of
the glass works. They have Interviewed
more than two hundred people, many of
whom were injured in the accident, but
not one admits that he gave up money for
the privilege of seeing the football game
from the roof.
ONE more name has been added to
the dread death roll of the glass
works victims, making the total
number twenty-two. Fred F. Lil
ly of 408 Mason street died at the
City ind County Hospital last night,
where he has lain unconscious since he
was brought in. His injuries were of
such a terrible nature that from the first
he was marked for death, and although
every effort was made to save him his
condition precluded all possibility of his
recovery. His skull was fractured and
he sustained severe internal injuries. An
operation to relieve his condition- was
performed on Saturday morning, and for
a time his sufferings seemed to be pal
liated. The hope proved delusive, how
ever, and at 6:30 last night be died. The
young man's father is a wealthy merchant
Of New York, to which place the body will
probably be shipped for burJal. At pres
ent it lies in the Morgue. The father is
on his way to San Francisco, having set
out upon receiving the news of his son's
accident.
Thomas Pedler of 645 Stevenson street is
getting along fairly well now that the
shock of the operation performed on him
is over, and he is feeling its beneficial ef
fects. Samuel Oppenheimer of 600 Devisa
dero street is feared to be in a critical
condition. He is in the Mount Zlon Hos
pital.
The inquest will be held at 7:80 to-mor
row night In Judge Cabaniss' courtroom
In the Hall of Justice. Captain Seymour
has taken in hand the work of summon
ing witnesses.
The funeral of Ellery Crandall, the 13
year-old lad who died on Sunday in St.
Luke's Hospital, will take place in Irv
ington, Cal. S. N. Wood, the lad's late
employer, will pay the expenses of ship
ment, and the dead boy's fellow employes
will collect a subscription for a suitable
headstone.
A pathetic Incident was reported at the
Morgue yesterday.
A poor aged woman dressed In mourning
came into the Coroners ofllce and inquired
of Deputy Coroner Meehaji whether her
son, Eddie Howe, was in the Morgue. She
said that she had been residing with her
sister, Mrs. Kennedy, at 847 Valencia
street, and that she had seen his name in
the newspapers among the Injured in the
accident at the glass works last Thanks
giving day. She had just arrived from
Sacrnmento, where she Is employed In the
Fted F. Lilly Dies of His Injuries — Police
Still Trying to Fix Blame.
DEATH RECORD IS
NOW TWENTY-TWO
Judge Edward A. Belcher of the Su
pcrlcr Court handed down an opinion yf s
ttrday edjudgingr unconstitutional that
section of the Code of Civil Procedure
vesting cct-rts with authority to declare
the rank of a lien or class of liens upon
properties upon which the claimants have
bet lowed labor or furnished inatetial.
The court, in an opinion, handed down in
the consolidated mechanics' lien case of
<\ A. Hooper against L. N. Fletcher and
Frank OlnuY against L. N. Fletcher at»d
Kenry SInuu-. not only holds' that the
matter of preferment of claims Is abhor
rent to the spirit of our laws, but in the
cati! at bar r.uch preferment is unconsti
tutional and void. The opinion says:
By section 1194, Code_pf Civil Procedure, It is
provided that "in every case in which different
liens fite asserted against any prop«rty. thfc
court In the judgment must declare the rank
of each lien, or class of liens, which shall be
in the following order:
"1. All persons performing manual labor In,
on or about the. same;
"2. Persons furnishing materials;
"i. Subcontractors;
"4. Original contractors.
"And the prociedn of the sale of the property
must be applied to each Iten or class of liens
In the order of its rank; and whenever. In the
¦ale of the property subject to the lien, there Is
a deficiency of proceeds, Judgment may be
docketed for the deficiency in like manner and
with like effect as in actions for the foreclosure
of mortgage*."
In this cont-olidated case the first and second
classes would take all of the fund, leaving
nothing for the third and fourth class if the
statute must be followed. Certain of the lien
claimants 1 contended that the section Is uncon
stitutional, and in my estimation that conten
, tion is sound.
The constitution provides that: "Mechanics,
; material men, artisans and laborers of every
class shall have a lien upon the property upon
which they have beetov.ed labor or. furnished
materials, for the value of such labor done and
materials furnished, and the Legislature shill
provide by law for the si«?edy and efficient en
forcement of all such Hens."
By this constitutional provision a direct lieu
is given to mechanics, materiel men, artisans
and laborers, and nothing is left to the legis
lature, save the duty of enacting measures for
the enforcement ...f the liens given. The Legis
lature was not authorized to declare which oC
these clae«ps to the exclusion of the others
ehould bo paid. To the contrary, th.* Legisla
ture was given power, or rather it was direct
ed, to provide by law for the "speedy and ade
quate enforcement" of the Hens already given.
Bv the constitution the liens of all the classes
mentioned Etar.d upon the same plans— are
equal before the law, and the Leglelature had
no power to enact that one class should be paid
in preference to another. .
The constitutional protection Is extended to
"mechanics, material men, artisans and la
borers of every class." These protected clashes
do not embrace contractors or subcontractor*.
A contractor or mbcontractor might chance to
be skilied in the practice of some mechanical
art. but his contract or subcontract would not
necessarily call for the display of mechanical
ability, and therefore I do not see how either
could be said to be embraced within the de
nomination "mechanic." Certainly they are
not embraced within either of the other three
classes. •
A corporation might be a contractor or a sub
contractor, but. clearly, a corporation, in this
particular, is not within the constitutional in
tendment. ' In my judgment, therefore, the
Hens of contractors and subcontractors must
depend iyx>n the force and effect of the gen
eral law. All of the lien claimants proved
their claims, or they were admitted, and they
are to be-treated with perfect equality. Henry
Bimas. the owner, did not interplead as he
might have done, but brought the amount of
the final payment into court after he had been
served with summons. At the most that wan
but a part performance, as he was liable to
the contractor for Interest, and the contractor
having defaulted and the fund being inade
quate, the lien claimants were entitled to all
that the contractor would become entitled to.
At the trial, however, the owner appeared, and
notwithstanding that the contractor had de
faulted—thus, in effect, admitting the legality
of the claims of Hen— took an active part In the
trial In residing the claims of certain of the
claimants. In my opinion he should be held
IlaMe for costs and counsel f»>es. In addition to
interest on the final payment, payable out of
the proceeds of the property. Let a decree fore
closinp the liens of th» various claimants and
directing a sale of the property for the satis
faction of the sum* found due be drawn In ac
cordance with the views here expressed.
Ji.dfie I*c*cllti's opinion, if sustained by
thi» Knpreine Court; will effect a ravolu
tt'Mi in fort-clcEure of mechanics' ni^r.i*.
,in>l a'.TliouRh those named as preferred
t lalir.:ir,t!- i" the statutes will be the" 1ns
ors. t ; >o;'« > In the "lnst rank" will b£ the
cainr.is ;iml iicnce the ends of Justice v.il!
be PMbsrrvcd and the spirit of equality
maintained.
Adjudges Neither Laborers nor Ma
terial lien Are Entitled to Pre
ferment at the Hands
of Creditors.
DECLARES LAWS
CLASSING LIENS
NULL AND VOID
Judge Belcher Holds That
Claims on Property Are
Equal.
Wonderful Colonial House With Tel
ephones, Electric Lights and
Sanitary Plumbing for the
Bisque Beauties.
The Doctor's Daughters are doing a
tremendous amount of work these days
preparing for their doll, show, which is to
be in full swing In the Maple room of the
Palace Hot^. beginning on Friday morn
ing. Dolls, big dolls and little dolls, dolls
in the happy guise of great ladies, and
dear, bonneted baby dolls are coming In at
a very lively rate to the charitable, ln
delatigable daughters.
Yesterday Miss Kate May Dillon eent
a mite of a baby doll and with the "baby"
came a magnificent eattn-lined hamper
containing a complete outfit for the
bfsque infant. Another splendid contri
bution came from Mrs. Henry Crocker.
and consisted of a miniature toilet table
¦v>.-;:h all the toilet accessories of a fash
ionable belle.
Probably the cutest of all the contribu
tions is the Elx-room house, donated by
Mrs. John Flournoy, Miss Louise Bruce
and Mrs. J. S. Ballard. This wonderful
doll mansion stands three stories high.
On the ground floor are the kitchen and
dlr.ir.g-room. The kitchen is calculated
to delight the heart of any housekeeper,
with its numerous shining cooking uten
fcils, and in the dining-room is a wonder
ful bit of as Oriental rug doing duty as
a carpet. On the second floor are the
bathroom, with its porcelain tub and san
itary plumbing, and the bedroom, all fur
nished in blue and outfitted with two beds
—a big one and a crib. The parlor and
music-room are on the third floor. The
<lrawing-room is all furnished In fashion
tble green and a prominent nlace in it is
f iven to a dainty tea table with a silver
fctrvice.
Living in this wonderful little house,
vhieh, by the way, is colonial in struc
ture, are a '"father," a fashionable "moth
er," a baby, a nurse and a cook. The pa
tronesses of the fhow are:
Mrs. \V. C. Crocker, Mrs. John D.
6pr*>ckels. Mrs. L. L.. Baker, Mrs. Eleanor
Martin, Mrs. Henry J. Crocker, Mrs. Jo
£«»ph Ssdoe Tnbin. Mrs. Henry Payot.
Mrs. Downey Harvey and- Mrs. \V. P.
Fuller.
These ladies will meet on Thursday
morning and award the prizes, and on
Friday, when the show opens, the cuc
ces?ful doll? wiH wear the ribbons their
beauty and style won them. Donations
v.-ere rrreived from the following firms
j-csTerday:
Goldberg, Eowen & Co.; Lebenbaum &.
C«.; Haa*: I^angley & Michaels; Ludwic:
IVheeler; H. 6. Crocker & Co.; E. M.
Crwnwav: Mr*. Charl< > !« Mafon Kinne;
Mr?. W. S Oak*; Mrs. I. Lowenberg;
W. O. Mathlp?; Miss Ha«kell; Good
v*ar Rubber Company; Clark & Co.;
Plum & Co.; Ghiradelli: Hotaling & Co.;
Sherwood & Ph»rwood: Georpre Newha.ll;
FhTtnen & day; American Import Co.;
Hal* Brop.: Ranbom. Vail & Co.; Will &
Finck; McDonald: Wakelee; Mack; Red
lr.pton & Co.: Nathan. Dohrmann &. Co.
Th«» following milliners, tailor* and
rtrffsmtkers have announced that they
will enKr dolls for prizes:
Millinfrf— Mr?. CouRhlan. Miss Annie L
Btone, Mrs. fi. Thomas. B«>cht & Stanyan,
Mrs. Blak". Miss Gibson, HaJe Bros..
Ulobe Millinery Company, Miss Hlok
raann. J^ucil<». Ml** Stanter. Miss Nolan.
Hay Frorob?rjr, Mre. M. Selip, Mrs. M.
Leopold. Mrs. Jo?<M)hinp Y\»l.<».
TaiJorf— Baron. Frar.rrs, Lavin. Hale,
Max, Ix>wcmhal. Gardner & Swododa.
RothsehiM. H. Gartner.
. Dr»f»maker? — ConnifT <wlth Samuele),
city of Paris. Marie Bellerene. Solly. Ra
ruti, Mangin. Clark, Kervan. Davis.
Hfiussennan, Newman & Levison. Miss
Klule. Marnin & Co.. Mrs. Woodall
: Hatch. Jacobs, Terese la Bordette. Misses
Cronin. Mrs. Jeans««n. Mr*. Hallowell.
Mrs. Ray Brown. Mme. Huni. Miss S. L.
. Morris. n O n Marcho, Mrs. M. E. Kale,
Mrs. Ness, Sohonwasser.
Big Day.
Doctor's Daughters Putting
'Things in Shape for the
BEAUTIES OF
DOLLDOM GET
READY FOR SHOW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1900.
FRED F. LILLY, LATEST VIC
TIM OF THE GLASS WORKS
ACCIDENT.
Circuit Court of Appeals.
United States' Circuit Judge Morrow
and United States District Judge de
Haven held a short session of. the United
States Court of Appeals yesterday morn-
Ing and adjourned until the first Monday
in January.
SANTA FE DEMTTHS
i IN LOS ANGELES CASE
Contention Will- Be Argued Before
the State Railroad Commission
¦ Next Tuesday.
The Santa Fe Company filed with the
State Railroad Commissioners yesterday,
its demurrer in the case of the Los An-
Keles Traffic Association against the
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe companies
for alleged discrimination in freight rates.
A hearing on the demurrer is to be held
next Tuesday at 10 a. m. before the com
missioners. The Santa Fe's demurrer la
as follows:
First— The entire complaint of the Lo« Ange
les TraKic Association Is based upon a dis
crimination growing' out of the fact that Los
Angeles Is nearer to the points named In the
complaint than San Franclnco, yet that San
Francisco on the various classifications la given
the lesser late. The schedule attached to the
complaint showing the classification of rates
and mileage is a schedule bas*d on the mile
age of the Southern Pacific and not on the
mileage of the Southern California, the Santa
Fe Pacific and the San Francisco and San
Joaquin Valley roads, and, therefore, the com
plaint does not state a cause of action, on the
theory upon which It Is- framed, as against the
roads last mentioned.
Second— This board can take judicial notice
of the fact that of the points named in the
complaint the Santa Fe lines only touch at
BakersSeld. Tulare. Vlsalla. Hanford and
Fresno, and that, by the Santa Fe lines, Los
Angeles Is only about thirty miles nearer to
Bakersfield than San Francisco, while Tulare
is 101 miles farther from Los Angeles than It
la from San . Francisco ; Visalla Is 123 miles
farther from Los Angeles than it Is from San
Francisco; Hanford Is 151 miles farther and
Fresno Is 191 miles farther.
Third— The entire complaint must fail, so
far as the Santa Fe lines are concerned, when
the mileage on such line* to the points men
tioned which are reached by the Santa Fe
lines Is taken Into consideration as the basis
of making freight rates.
Alfred Bouvier says San. Francisco U
to have a new opera-house in keeping
with the city's importance. He stated
yesterday that the building would be
erected on Eddy street, near Taylor, on
ground that is owned by Mayor Phelani
The company, though not* yet incorpor
ated, will be composed of five members.
Including Mayor Phelan and himself. The
cost of- the building will be more -than
$250,000. It will be a. modern • theater In
every respect. . It will be known as the
"San Francisco Opera-house." Bouvier
explained yesterday that the plans of the
new house . will not be much different
from those of opera-houses now in exist
ence, but that the view of the audience
would be better and the classification of
seats different.- 1 He stated that the new
opera-house- would be so elaborate that
it would practically stop any. other cap
italist from embarking in the same sort
of venture for several years.
Bouvier has been working: on the
scheme for a long time and feels that
his hopes are at last realized. He claims
that, the ground will be broken in less
than six weeks. »¦ .
Mayor Phelan wa3 seen and stated that
he had been approached by Alfred Bou
vler, who was anxious to buy his prop
erty on Eddy street for an opera-house.
The Mayor said that he was quite willing
to sell the property and that he might
possibly be a stockholder In the new ven
ture.
Structure "Will Be Built on . Eddy
Street, Near Taylor, pn Prop
erty Owned by Mayor '
• - '• Fhelan. . • . ' " . .
9
GRAPE-NUTS.
DONT NEED REST.
Starved Nerves Need Food.
¦ .- A food lhat will naturally stimulate and
! nourish a man no weak that he cannot
icocj himself murt have intrinsic merit
•jBfld be worthy ihe attention of any person
'with a wrak Ftomarh. S. D. Horine of
•JrinneM. Iowa, writes: "By pure food
Kpemi to me the true way to pet well. Aft-
er a lone time atone of the best equipped
ranitariums, without benefit, I was put
binder a famous doctor, who said that I
¦ djd not ne<>d rest eo much as I needed
rich, pure blood, made from pure food,
'and I was put on Grape-Nutn.
"At that time I had to be lifted from my
bed like a baby. This was only a few
v«*k» ago. Now I can walk, read, write
Vnd: perform many little tasks. I have not
fully recovered my strength by any means,
; ; l;Ut I have made a most wonderful pro-
yi-eeu on Grape-XuiK food. It leads me to
Vh* knowledge that nervous prostration is
filmply nerve starvation. The nerves are
prostrated because they are starved. A
starved man does not reed rest, but he
¦reeds food.
*To be sure, the famished nerves are
forced to rest, but rest cannot restore
¦them. They can build up on food alone.
With my first meal of Grape-Nuts food I
:-tt,mm too weak to feed rnyrelf, but after
.partaking of the food a hopeful spirit,
almost amounting to buoyancy, possessed
.'me.
.' "I can account for the speedy effect of
:?He food on no other ground than that It
U so«as4Jy digested that only a little time
:•:}& force Is required to prepare It for the
blood, whereat* ordinary food requires so
rraucti force to direst it that it exhausts
strength r. weak man has and leaves
•n> food undigested, ready for deromposl-
: ticn, and chances what ehould be good
food into a veritable poison. Ea«y diges-
'ion and rapid assimilation make Grape-
Nuta the ideal food for any one."
ATW k. K/PTf^ "r P" K^'* 1 **-
SPECIAL SALE
OP
AUTOMOBILE
COATS,
Cloth Waists and Near-
Seal Fur Jackets
FOR TUESDAY AND WEDNES-
DAY ONLY.
| : v :: ~i Swell
• •^yak ¦' Three-quarter
f fipij Automobile
I / I Coats,
I jl ' \ Made of finest all-
' ' " LJl ' ' ; wool Kers«yt, «u-
fjll J perb satin llnlnc.
¦ y*y/ : Jkil— ¦¦ most /h*B<l«otn»
t 44*f^'^^i T* 1 ffarmear; tan».
•/ . . . 1 \ . ' castors and blacks.
I / *: A Reyular prlc« $30;
7 \\ Special for
ISf $22.50
Fine All-Wool Oloth Waists,
With embroidered -white polka dots; lined.
Blac'*. red. navy and hellos; regular
price 13.50. .
Special price Qft nr
. for two days OZi/u
The Finest Quality Near-Seal
Fur Jackets,
with Iaxg» revers >nd high collars of real
MINK or CHINCHILLA FURS. This
Jacket is as elegant as any sealskin and
will wear better. Regular prlca $75.00
and SSO.0O.
Special sale price Q (J C fl A
for two days . . . OUJiUU
KELLY Zf LiEBES'
Cloak and Suit House.
120 KEARNY ST.
Heavy Willow Rocker,
. An excellent, comfortable rocker—
we're selling them for
$3.75.
Estimates on complete house fur-
nishing cheerfully given.
I SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
In FURNITURE AND CARPETS
Till Christinas.
;*V' CASH OR CREDIT.
Free delivery on $23 worth and
over.
BRILLIANT'S
II.: 338-34O-342 POST ST.
Near Powell. Open Evenings.
WHICH?
Are you content with Indifferent or pos-
itively unsatisfactory laundry work, or do
you desire aomethinff better? You can
"pay your money and take your choice."
With us you may be certain of launder-
ing that cleans clothes, that makes them
leave here properly Ironed and folded.
Your choice, then, will be a wise one If
you fix upon us.
Domestic finish for full dress shirts It
you order It- No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004 Market Street'
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Off Ice— 62 San Pablo Ave.
D8. HALL'S REIN YIGOBATORSjggg
Five hundred reward for any MFMa
case we cannot cure. Thla secret aF""* ™Tg|
remedy stops all losses in 24 hours, j *$
cures Emissions, Impotency, Varl- tVS £™'i
cocele, Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Fit?, Pfffl f*Tl
Btrlc-tures, Lost Manhood and ail |AjJ LJJ1J
wa?tinsf elTpcts of s»lf-abus» or BR3 s^^l
excesses. Sent fealed. %2 bottle; 3 iiiifmflVJa
bottles. $.": guaranteed to cure any cas«. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. S5S
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073H
Market st., S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
«¦• a BI * " to a non-polnonoem
4gr^f5#£gXP' a *4|hkJUH r»m«lj for Gonorrhoea,
Til C iyj G1e<?t, Spcrmttcirhn-t,
JtESwia l to 5 J»ti/\3 White*, nnnatnril dij-
BSS* Go»r»nt«d M chargf . or any inftzcama-
flwj not to stricture. tion, i ritation or ulcera-
B" TPrtttau caotmtan. tion f micoo* mem-
BTEVHEEmsCwEUiCJlCo. brane«. Noo-a«trin?ent.
%Sa.C!NClVli*T1.0.B«a So 1 * b 7 DrJMKSittM,
J*«Ee*tt^ l««Pwl t>7 eiprws. prepaid, for
>26HaBrf&B (I. CO. or 3 bottle*. £.73.
't^BQggjJlF^v Q joUr gent on reqat**.
0 1 rr ¦"> Oil I I Corner Fourta *nd
1 nLL UllVftl Market. 8. F. Try
I H PI" nil? Ill cur Special Brew
VIII la IIUIIIU Bc- overcoata and
valises checked fr*«
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAJI1ANA BITTERS. TUB
treat Mexican remedy; grv«s health and
strength to sexual orsans. Depot. 223 Market.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For ths cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEET3.
STRICTURES and anaiogous complaint* at ttos
Organs of Operation. - ' -_•
Price t) • bottle. For Ml* by drsfgtata.
A Most Acceptable Present
Fer Lady or Gentleman 1
GoodTorm
V^lOSCX o©t
THE ONLY PRACTICAL METHOD EVER INVENTED.
. f SAVES TIME, TEMPER, ROOM AI*O CLOTHES.
j— -4» * —Lj^^ /
\ If)' , , g
»rvnc to the life. of Clothing by keeping it In good condition and giving It '
r\*J*J^ that much sought for fresh-from-the-tallor appearance.
C*w iDrrn \ f >T T T C from the care and worry of life by putting order and con-
OUDl tV/AV^ 1 x5 vrnlence into the closet and doubling or trebling Its ca-
pacity. / •
MTTI TIOI IFCyour Joys by enabling you to find what you want at a
JTHJL* I lr L«li-»v7giance. and without displacing a single garment other than
. ... the one desired. .
SETS ARE $3.00 EACH, PREPAID BY EXPRESS.
Two Sets in One Shipment $5.50.
Sample Goodform Closet Sets are $1.00 each. v '"*
For Men there are 4 Garment Yokes, 2 Trousers Hangers, and 1 Loop.
For Women there are 4 Garment Yokes, 4 Skirt Hangers, and 1 Loop.
Automatic Trousers Hanger. 25c; 4 for $1.00 I Shelf Bar 25c; 4 for Jl 00
Closet Loops ......25c; 4 for 1.00 1 Automatic Skirt Hanger..... 15c; 8 for 100
" Garment Yoke.; ......ilOc; 12for$1.00
PALACE HARDWARE CO.
603 Market Street, San Francisco.
IMPORTERS FINE CARVERS. CUTLERY. '':; MANICURE GOODS, SCIS-
SOR SETS, ETC.
AGENTS CORBIN'S ART HARDWARE.LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Feb. , Mar.
Opening 6 10vi .... 6 %
Closing 5 ll>i .... 6%
PARIS.
Wheat — Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening 20 05 21 30
Closing ;..... 20 06 .2135
Flour-
Opening 26 CO 27 85
Closing 25 95 27 40
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Dec. 3.-CATTLE-E»"^-»*- «•
CHICAGO, Dec. 3.— Wheat was firm and
fairly active. January opened %c3%c over
Saturday at 70$i5I71c under the influence of an
advance at Liverpool, world's shipments, 2,000,
000 bushels less than estimated, the amount
being only 5.E65.C00 bushels, and a decrease of
360,000 bushels on passage, Commission houses
and shorts were buyers. The heavy Northwest
receipts caused Bollins during the forenoon and
January reacted to 7C!ic. Offerings were well
taken, however, and no further decline took
place. Later the visible decrease of 82,000
bubhels. Snow's estimate reducing the Argen
tine exportable surplus to 37,000,000 bushels,
and reports cf export Inquiries at New York,
where the market showed considerable strength,
resulted in a rally to Vl'.ic for i January. On
the bulge trade became dull and on profit-tak
ing January reacted to 70%c, but closed firm,
>^c higher at 70%®71c.
Corn was firm and in moderate demand, and a
fair improvement ln price. Country offerings
were small and the weather threatened to
curtail the movement from first hands still
further. January closed strong %c up at 36%
fipJSHc.
The oats market was fairly active during
the first hour, but prices were on the down
grade. May closed U<3'VtC higher at 23Q"233ic
Provisions were dull. The opening was eas
ier on more hogs than expected. The crowa
bought a little early because a leading bull
operator was dolns so. but the purchases were
let out again later. January pork closed 2Vic
lower ind lard and ribs a shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 7<H4 70% 70»4 70%
January 71 71 l /i 70 a i 71
May 74 74Vi 73% 73T4
Corn No. 2—
December S5% 36Vi 35K 36%
January Sl»i SaVi 34% Z5%
May 3C',» S6ii 36 36H
Oats No. 2 —
December 21V4 21% 20T4 21V*
May 23% 23:4 23% 23y 4
Mees pork, per barrel-
January U S7Vi- 11*95 1185 11 87^i
May 11 S2H 11 87H 1182^ 11 82<,
Lard, per 100 pounds —
December 6 97>,4 7 02^4 6 97% 6 97»4
January 6 75 6 90 6 72% 6° 75
May 8 s:»,4 6 85 6 80 6 82^
Short ribs, per 100 pounds —
January 6 15 6 20 6 15 6 17%
May 6 22% 6 25 6 22% 6 25
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and Eteady; No. 3 spring wheat, 67@70^jc; No.
2 red, "lVifalZ^a No. 2 corn. 3G®36Uc; No. 2
yellow, 3CV*c; No. 2 oats, 22@23Vie; No. 2
white, 2e'/jfy27c; No. 3 white, 24V'2<g26c; No. 2
rye, 46',ic; fair to choice malting barley, 55<Sf
C7c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 64%; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 65%; prime timothy seed, $4 10(ff4 30; mess
pork, per barrel, $11@11 12V4; lard, per 100
pounds, $7@7 02%; short ribs sides (loose), $6 10
©7; dry salted shoulders <boxe<l), BTfjeHc;
short clear sides (boxed), $6 E5376 65; whisky,
basis of high wines, fl 27; sugars, cut loaf,
6.15c; granulated, 5.60c; confectioners' A, 5.55c;
oft A. 6.4Cc; clover, contract grade, $10.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 35,000 24,000
Whrat, bushels 221,000 26S 000
Corn, bushels 558,000 tSl.OOO
Oats, bushels. 423.000 401000
Rye. bushels S... 3,000
Barley, bushels 116,000 12.000
On th; Produce Exchange to-day tho butter
maiket waa quiet; creameries, 15@24c; dairies
i 15@20c. Cheese, active, 10ii@U%c. Kggs, quiet"
fresh. 22c.
Chicago Grain Market.
Prices for almost everything stand about the
same. Good Potatoes are firm, and sellers are
trying to get an advance for Salinas. . There Is
no marked variation In Onions. ''
POTATOES— uiver Reds. 75HjS3c; Burbanks,
35*3500 for River and >00c@$l 20 per ctl for Sa
linas and 75c@$l 10 for Oregon; Sweets', 35®50c
for River and S5c for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 35©1 60 per ctl; cut, $1 per sack.
•.VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 4@7c per lb:
°*- 1 ~ «¦»••«¦•••.• waiii/i; Cabbaao. BOitt ¦ Tomatoes,
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 25Q2 40; Canary,
3%c per lb -for, California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 7V4©?Hc; Rape. 2%@3c; Hemp, 4@4Vjc;
Timothy. . 4&4Kc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2@2 50;, Green, $2 25®
2 7.5 per ctl; Blackeye. $2@2 CO.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
I'.fclANS— Bayos, $2 fi5«?2 75: Small White, $4^
4 20; Large White, $303 20; Pink. $2@2 15; Red,
$3@3 25; Blackeye. $3; Limas, $3 35; Pea,
*f'«4 25: Red Kidney, ti 75©4 per ctl. *
'Light receipts and firm prices continue to
characterize the Bean market, and the demand
is reported good. Limas are scarce and
wanted.
Beans and Seeds.
All descriptions under this head remain as
before. Hay continues steady.
BRAN — JHiilS 60 per ton.
MIL>DLINGS-$16 5P@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $15 603>18 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $2S@>26; job
bing, $26 50; Cocoanut Cake. »l"@18; Corn Meal,
$2tX#27: Cracked Corn. $26 50@27 50; Mixed Feed.
$16816 50. '
HAY — Volunteer. $5@8; Wheat, $11@13 60;
Wheat and Oat. $10@12 50; Oat, $3igll 60;
Clover. $3^7: Alfalfa, $8810; Barley, $7^9
per ton.
STRAW— 35®45c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 35®
3 DO, usual terms'; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 75(8*2 85 per barrel for family and
$2 ToJjS for bakers'; Washington, bakers',
$2 75©3. ' ' • . *
MILLSTUFFS— Prices, ln sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Klour. $2 75: Rye
Meal, $2 50; Klce Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 60; Oat Groats. $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 E0fa3 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 £0; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6®
7 25; ln sacks. $5 75@7; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lb&.
The local millers have reduced Flour quota
tions 25c all around, the first change ln
months.
Flour and.Millstuffs.
White, il 30@l B0; Surprise, nominal; Red,
U 20igl SO for feed' and $1 35@1 40 for seed; Gray,
nominal; Black, for feed, $1 12&@1 20; for seed,
tl 20^1 30 per Ctl.
CORN— The market is quiet and quotations
show little variation. California Yellow, $1 15
fil 20; California White, $1 20; Eastern Yellow,
SI 15@1 20; White, $1 20; Eastern mixed, $1 15
©1 ?p per ctl.
RYE— 85<290c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 75®2 per cU.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Sessti/n — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No ealea.
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000
Ctls, 73%.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Tho market rules firm at unchanged
quotations.
• CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — May — 4000 ctls,
$104; 18,000, $1 0-lVi: 14,000, $1 04H-
Second Session— May— 14.0C0 ctls, $1 04H.
Regular Morning Session— May — 1000 ctla,
$1 04'.;.
Afternoon Session — May — 2000 ctls, $1 04Vi;
4000. 51 04H
BARLEY — Continues firm at previous prices.
Feed, "f^c for choice bright, 75c for No. 1
and 67V6@72Hc for cfC grades; Brewing and
Shipping pradrp. S3@S5c; Chevalier, nominal.
WHEAT 1 — Liverpool was firm. Paris stood
about the same. New York was higher.
Chicago opened firmer, with indications of
an advance on better foreign advices and light
world"s stocks. Snow's Argentine cable report
ed the weather still unfavorable, with the ex
port surplus for the coming year still further
reduced to 37,000.000 bushels. The American
visible supply decreased 83,000 bushels. The
world's shipments for the week were as fol
lows: Russian, 218,000 quarters; Danublan,
113.000: Argentine, 80.000: Australian, 10,000.
The demand for Flour at Chicago was Im
proving.
In the local market futures advanced, but
the spot market was unchanged.
* Spot Wheat-Shipping, t»6Vic; Milling. $1@
1 02H Der ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S2H
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86 1 j
Sterling Cables — 4 87i»
New York Kxchange, sight — 6
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 7H
Kino Silver, per ounce — 64%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 60% Q 61
Exchange and Bullion.
I NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— FLOUR— Receipts, 80,
i 565; exports. 15,064; quite steady all day and
a little more active at former prices.
WHEAT— Receipts, 39.175; exports, 173,038;
erot. firm; No. 2 red, 7S%o f. o. b. afloat; No.
2 red, 76Tic elevator; No. 1, Northern Duluth,
j 82Hc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth. £6T4c
I f. o. b. afloat. Options had a good stiff under
• tone all day, with a fairly active general trade,
; including a good demand from shorts. The
chief buying motives included small worlJ's
! shipments, higher cables, bullish Argentine re
j iHjrts, a decrease in the English, visible and a
i good cash demand at Chicago. Closed firm at
I 'sfi^e higher. No. 2 red. January, 77 1-16©
77 11-16, closed 77%c; March. 79 3-16<S79*!iCi
closed 79»4c; May. 79 11-16679^, closed 79&c;
I>ecember, 76>s<&77}4c, closed 76T4C.
WOOL— Dull.
HOPS— Dull.
HIDES— Steady.
COFFEE-Steady: No. 7 Invoice, 7«c; mild,
quiet: Cordova, 9ViS13Vic; futures closed steady,
with prices 5 to 10 points net lower. Total sales
¦were 17.0C0 bags, including: December, $6 20;
January. *6 25Q6 30; March, J6 45®6 50; May,
$6 55g6 60; July. $6 60<§6 65c; September, It 7D@
I 6 75; October, $6 70®6 75.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; refined, steady.
BUTTER — Receipts. 6157 packages; firm. June
creamery. lS@:3',ic; factory, 12@15Hc
PXJGJS — Receipts, 6352 packages; etrong.
Western regular tacking at mark, 20©I5c:
Western, loss off, 28c.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples continues
j quiet and nominally unchanged, with demand
, strictly to supply immediate requirements.
I State common was quoted from 4c to 6c; prime,
4»4'?}. r >>,ic; choice, S'i'RSc; fancy, 6@6%c.
California dried fruits ruled quiet, but about
Eteady. Prunes were quoted from 3H to 8Hc.
APniCOTS— Royal. ll^He: Moorpark, 15@16c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16©20c: unpeeled. 6®9c.
Sydney Commercial News.
The annual review of the Daily Commercial
News and Shipping Lis:t of Sydney, N. S. W..
ls= at hand. It is a hsr.dsome production of
pinetjr-Mvea jages. with illuminated cover*
trjd is full of shipping and commercial news
pertaining to the colonies. Many fine pictures
of shipping. vhr.rvo:s public and mercantile
buildings, etc., embellish it? i<a.go&, and th»
EUUisttcal matter is complete. As a piece of
commercial ne«-«i*«per work lt reflects credit
i!j>on its pnbUsbo*.
Stocks of Grain.
Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Pteller
p:ve# the stock of frrain in warehouse iir.d on
tvharf December 1 as follows, ln tons-:
Wheat. Barley.
Pert Oofta. Nmcmter 1 1^.776 SQ.09C
Port <' sia. December 1 122.42.1 4-\6*l
Stockton. November 1 72.SM 19.127
Htotktcn. r»ecemV>er 1 62.807 14.240
San PVaaetean, November 1... LOU 12.061
tfan l-'ruricisco, Uecember I... K3 10.34S
Oats. Corn. Bran.
November 1 R.4'7 M K5
I>cemlx»r 1 I..532 S4 36S
The receipts in November were. 6336 tons bar
lev. *K33 tons oats, 1000 tons corn and 1S3U tons
Iran.
Dried Fruit in AVti 1 York.
Mail edvices from New York say: "An In
tr-r*-fUr.p feature of th? dried fruit market is
the improving consumptive demand for cur
rants. Prices seem tr. have reached a level at
which the trade Is dispose-d to take hold more
liberally. j>articu:arly as the statistical posi'lion
c : ih»- world's caxtmat markets is very strong,
end there may be a return to a higher range
DC values lx»fore many months. Sales of cur
rants jest.-rday were of a very good volume,
the re-;* rted business being the largest for
¦ me time.
•'Pate; continue strcrig- and in good demand.
Prunes are rather quieter. Elzes 60-T0a are
Brarf-e and are wanted. There Is a good de
mand for fancy raislr.s for the holiday trade.
KfeiJed also are ir. fair request, but otherwise
raisins are <iu!l and easy. Peaches, apricots,
l*s.rs, etc.. are «U)w. Evaporated apples are
easier, the bottom having dropped from the
market temporarily at least, now that short*
have largely covered. Prime spot goods are
quoted row at l®y-+?. A car of s'tghtly under
l.rin.e was offered yesterday at 4Vjc.
"In nuts interest continues to center ln wal
nuts. New Grenobles are practically not to be
found and Naples ar» higher and in only light
tupply. Sicily filberts are firm at I'.Hc and
Er? selling very freely. Some Interest Is taken
in almonds et the lower prices."
Weather Report.
<lSHh Meriaiaa— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCICeO. Dec. 3, 1900 <5 p. m.)
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
f'ate. as compared with those of the same date
bat season, and rainfalls in the last 24 hours:
r-an I rancisco cata — liaxm.m temperature,
12: minimum, 43: mean, 4S.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The r-rcrsure has fallen slowly during the
1 a ;t it hours over Washington. Northern Ore
poa an-J Idaho. Along '.he coaft of Northern
i.'aiiforaia there has l*<n a. ellgrht rise.
Kain is falling from the mouth of the Co
lumbia River northward, and this rain area
will probably exten-l southward as far as the
California lino by Tuesday.
Th«- tt-mi erature has fallen slowly o\ - er Cali
fornia. In the great valleys of California the
L»«r.jrf»ratur«?s are from 6 to 14 dopreejs b«»low the
nr-rmal. and conditions are favorable for fog.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30
hourF. cndir.K midnight, December 4, 1900:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday, except
rioudy in the northern i.ortlon and possibly
ltcht rain Tuefwley night in the extreme north
rrn portion: light northerly winds, changing
to fsoutheasterly.
Fojthfrn California— Fair Tuesday, with In
crra«inc cloud inf5«: light northerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Tuewiay.
I "tan — Cloudy Tuesday.
Arizona — Fair Tuesday.
Pan Frarcixeo and vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday,
v.ith '0% in the morning: threatening at night;
light northerly winds, -changing* to Eouth'-ast
crly. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Fort-cast Offlcial.
« K-
EASTERN MARKETS.
Xcii' Ycrk Stock Market.
NEW YORK. E*"\ 2 —Speculative activity
i-or.Unued rathr-r depressing In stocks to-day.
Kus-ir.c-K? was on a diminishing scale, and
lacked even the isolated features of great
activity and strength which cave lt character
on diftmnt <iays las-t woek. when the tendency
to contract dfulinsK was already manifest. The
opening of Congress iicj the presentation of
¦ the Pn-eldent'f nx-ssagc are looked to by tra
• 'lltion to njj'-i'Iy motives for moving prices
: but it can hardly Ue *aid that any general ln
r.tencv was exercised in prices by those to
<ia>\ The m< sssij-" was ma<> a device by pro
¦{Visslonal traders to t-ffr-ct eome movement in
tie fctctl stocks. That is to say. alarmist ru
. more wen <-urreni before its ap;>earance on
the rtsnd tak«:n on thf ••trust" question. The
. rtocks proved vulnerable to the bear attack
erd the decline brought out considerable of
' fpring." cf long stock, effecting a decline at one
time in Tenn'-pFf-e Coal of 4»i and in Hteel and
Wire of S'i- These were, the weakest stocks
. nnd they rallied on short covering 1% and
. IVi respectively. On the oth^r hand Sugar
was fairly buoyant, rising at one time 2»i,
. ar.d closing v.-J-h a net gain of 2*; per cent!
Jn the outi-lde market also Standard Oil sold
. at 8:0. leaving all previous records far behind
lt. The u;>\vard rush of over 6 points in Pa
cific Mall ¦n-a.s made at the oj^ning, an«l was
prompted by the general concurrence in the
•^cws reported from the party loaders in
Washington as to the prominent place given
by the ship subsidy bill in the party pro-
Frainrr.e for the Kesslon. There was quite a
Fhort Interest, v/hlch emphasized the result.
The Ban;«- was true of Supar, which recovered
Its Saturday loss with the anjroach of the
dividend nv-etinp. The dividend meeting.
! < -i < r. -wfc« •,<•.-•. jMin«"i from to-day and the
rtock became quirt. The railroad IlFt was «
trembly Irropular. B. fc O. xuffei-ed sharply
• on ectount of th<- IrpaJ proccodinps to enjoin
thn payment of tho dividtn<l oa the common
Hoi. pending the decision of the right* of the
f referred etock to share equally with the coro
n.on Itoek in rjlvi-iends over 4 p*r cent. There
were also conspicuous Ftocks in the railroad
31ft which paim-d sharply, including Pennsyl
vania as the leader. The fact wa* that neither
the ralr.s nor the losres Bhowed ihe profes-
Rional •¦haracrter of tbe dealings. Notwlth
¦ FtamJinsr the reduced activity, there wan a
" Fharii hardr-nlnir in the commercial money
rate to € i>r-r cr-nt late in the day. aY which
figvr* lt nqulrrd a million dollar* to meet tho
needs of bc'ated boiTower*, who had held out
• for better terms. This served to emphajsize
the rffeot of the back statement, but never
theless It is common belief that the Important
features of the statement were due to the
temporary provision f O r tbe December 1 pay-
1 ments, the trust companies calling loans for
that purpose, the borrowers resorting to the
banks, while the trust companies also increas
ed their cash deposits with the banks ln order
to draw on them. It is believed the disburse
ment oT December dividends will soon come
back to the market, but the renewed large
demand for currency from the interior is very
Important. ¦
The absorption of bonds continues large and
important, and prices are generally higher.
Special features were Chicago and Alton 3Vis,
Kings County Elevated 4s and the 4 per cent
lssurs of Norfolk and Western, Union Paciflc, I
and Reading. Total sales, par value, J4.505.000. |
United States new 4s declined '» per cent .
on last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. i
Shares Closing
: Sold. Stock— Bid.
15.KO Atchison 39ft
16.300 Atchison prefd -. 83%
fc,3"0 Ualtimore & Ohio 79ft j
100 Canadian Paciflc 65ft !
200 Canada Southern 5S"4 ;
1S,;00 Chesapeake & Ohio 37H
1hX> Chicago Great Western 14ft
C.OuO Chicago Burlington & Cluincy 136',,
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville 23ft
£00 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 57ft
VA Chicago & Eastern Illinois 97 a 4
CCO Chicago & Northwestern 16Sft
3.800 Chicago Rock Island & Paciflc 115^
KK> C C t i St Louis .•• 66ft
200 Colorado Southern i<~±
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42V»
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17 l , 4
200 Delaware & Hudson 115ft j
200 Delaware Lackawanna & Western. .181
2.600 Denver & Rio Grande 2oft
6, SCO I>enver & Rio Grande prefd 79ft
800 Erie 14S
2.600 Erie let prefd 39!, |
7uO Great Northern prefd IKOVa j
Hocking Coal :. 15-\ :
1.4H0 Hocking Valley S9H j
l,0u0 Illinois Central 117%, j
100 Iowa Central 10
Iowa Central prefd 46 |
Lake Erie & Western 30ft
100 Lake Erie & Western prefd 107 i
Lake Shore 210^
6."&0 Louisville & Nashville ; S3»» |
1T.S0O Manhattan Elevated MS%
fct>0 Metropolitan Street Railway 170
100 Mexican Central 13'i
C.800 Minneapolis Ac St Louis 65
ICiO Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 93ft
21,700 Missouri Paciflc CO
600 Mobile & Ohio 41ft
100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 13
3,I>.' Missouri Kansas & Texaa prefd.... 37*4
?00 New Jersey Central U9ft
12,700 New York Central 142T» !
2.2W Norfolk & Western 42%
200 Norfolk & Western prefd 81
12.100 Northern Pacific 70ft
4.2(0 Northern Paciflc prefd £2!*
2,490 Ontario & Western 25
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
19,800 Pennsylvania :...142%
400 Reading 19^1
31.C'jO Reading 1st prefd 63»i
1,000 Heading 2d rrefd 31Vi
Rio Grande eW6tern 67
100 Rio Grande Western prefd S4ft
3,CW St Louis & San Fran 18ft
Et Louis & Ean Fran ft prefd 75
3,000 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 46
700 Ft Louis Southwestern 16 l i
12.600 St Louia Southwestern prefd 38%
13,000 St Paul lZiht
100 St Paul prefd 173ft
St Paul & Omaha 120
24,700 Southern Paciflc 42?i
23.100 Southern Railway 18%
21,<Cfl Southern Railway prefd 07^
9.700 Texas & Pa- .lc 20^,
21,:00 Union Paciflc 71'/i
4,100 Union Paciflc prefd &2
3".O Wabash S»4
200 Wabaeh prefd , 21
4,100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 10^,
COO Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 27>i
GOO Wleconsm Central 10> 3
2,2vO Third Avenue .....113
4.400 Baltimore & Ohio prefd &%
1,:00 National Tube 60'*
200 National Tube prefd 103\
Exj>r«s Companies —
100 Adams 13S
100 American 162
United States 4»V4
Wells Kanto 132
Miscellaneous—
500 American Cotton Oil 31
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
American Malting S
100 American Malting prefd 23V4
4,3i.>0 American fcmeltlng & Ref 53>,g
400 American Smelting & Ref prefd.... 95»i
American Scirlts 114
American Spirits prefd 17
1.300 American Steel Hoop..." 21%
r<X) American Steel Hoop prefd 75
2S.10O American Hteel & Wire 41'^
S,3t)0 American Steel & Wire prefd 85%
2,» American Tin Plate 42
American Tin Plate prefd S6H
12.1W Am«-r<can Tobacco 107%
American Tobacco prefd 130
100 Anaconda Minlnp Co 4S »
1I.</X» Urooklyn Ra:>id Transit 72T4
3,100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 67
6,3'i0 Continental Tobacco Zl%
400 Continental Tobacco prefd 92
2<>.«00 Federal Steel <$%.
2,?00 Federal Steel prefd 75«4
4C0 General Electric 157
1,200 Glucoee Sugar 62*£
Glucose Susar prefd 100
700 International Paper 23
300 International Paper prefd J3
Lacled" Gas .' 72
MO National Biscuit 3"U
100 National Biscuit prefd 91Vs
100 National Lead 19
....... National I>-ad prefd 9ZVt
3.100 National .Steel 33» 4
2C0 National Steel prefd 92
1.000 New York Air Brake 168
2.700 North American 19V4
Pacific Ccast ES
200 Paciflc Coast 1st prefd 83
Paciflc Coast 2d prefd 67
9.000 Paciflc Mall 47^
S.CCO People's Gas 100^,
700 Pressed Steel Car L0%
1.JIJ9 Pressed Steel Car prefd F2Vi
1,250 Pullman Palace Car 201
Standard Rope & Twine 6>,i
92.1M Su;;ar 113* 4
«r« Sugar wefd 117V4
16,foO Tennessee Coal & Iron 69
16.K'0 United States Leather 12*i
;t>0 United States leather prefd 75
4,100 United States- Rubber 29
COO L'ni'ed States Rubber prefd s... 85V4
800 Western Union 82'i
1.200 Republic Ircn & Steel 15%i
600 Rej>ublle Iron & Steel prefd 64%
P C C & St Louis 55
l-.r/xi Amalgamated Copper 9514
C14.T.C0 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS. .
U S ref 2ds reg. |N T Cent lsts I09»4
when Issued 104%iN J Cent cen £s...l27i4
U S ref 2ds coup. N Pacific 3s 70%
when issued 105% N Paciflc 4s iO5»i
U S 3s re* 110 N Y C & St L 4s.lO7U
U S 3s coup 1)0 N A W con 4s 100
U R new 4s reg 138 Or Xav lsts ill
! U S new 4s coup. .138 Or Nav 4s 104>4
j V S old 4s reg 115 Or Short Line 6s.. .127^1
I U S old 4s coup.. .116 Or S Line 6s 127U
I U S 6s reg 113%|Or S Line con 6s. .116^
t U S Cs coup 113%4 1 Reading Gen 4s.... J>2'
Dist of Col 3.65x..l24>4!R G W lsts lOOK
Atchison ren 4s....lC2'^l St L & I M con 5s 113'*
Atchinon adj 4s.... R9i*|Ft L & S F een Bs.l2S
i Canada So 2ds 10SV4]St Paul cons 174
Chen & Ohio 4HS...103V4 St P C & p lsts.. .11954
Ches & Ohio 6s.. ..120 I Ft P C & P 6s 12l2
C & NW con 7s. ..!« /So Paciflc 4s S3
C & NW SFdeb Ss.119% So Railway 5s. l]2«i
Chgo Terminal 4b.. 94 j Etand R & T 6s ' 70
Colo Southern 4s... MU Tex & Pac lsts... I13J4
D t R G 4s lOOHlTex & Pac 2ds 77
Erie Gwieral 4s.... 75-4 Union Paciflc 4s.. 107%
F W & D C l«ts... 75 Wabash lsts n«?
Gen Electric £s....139% Wabash 2d» ? 104U
Iowa. Central lsts.. 114 West Shore 4s.... "mx!
L & N Unl 4s 100% Wls Cent lsts 86V4
M K & T 2ds 71% Va Centuries.... 92
M, K & T 4s »4>4
MINING STOCKS. ,
Chollar 05|Ophir :. 74
Crown Point lOPlymouth 08
Con Cal & Va 1 25 Quicksilver 6 25
Dtadwood 68l Do prefd 7 00
Gould & Curry 80 Sierra Nevada..... 30
Silver, and Exchange unchanged.
Wheat futures firmer. Spot Barley firm.
Oats, Corn and Rye about the same.
Hay and Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Local millers reduce Flour 25c per barrel.
Beans still firm, with a good demand.
Higher prices asked for good Potatoes. Onions unchanged.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry in.
Game still weak under heavy arrivals.
Oranges slightly lower and dull. Lemons quiet.
Fresh arrivals of Mexican Limes.
Provisions in fair demand at unchanged prices.
Hide market unsettled, with lower quotations in tlie East.
Meat market shows no change.
Another decline in Linseed Oil.
Reported advance of 4c per gallon in California Wine.
Morning: Session.
Board —
1000 Cala-Standard so
500 Cala-Standard 82
100 Home Oil 4 43
20 Kern River 17 $0
10O McKlttrick Consolidated 50
300 Monarch, of Arizona 41
200 Monarch of Arizona 40
250 Occidental of W Va 69
li)0 Occidental of. W Va 70
200 Shamrock 1 SO
150 Twenty-eight «. 2 60
Street—
300 Cala-Standard 81
1000 Twenty-eight _ 2 50
1000 Petroleum Center 20
Afternoon Session.
Board—
6000 Cala-Standard 82
100 Caribou , 70
23 Hanford 120 00
100 Lion Oil Co 26
400 Monarch of Arizona. 40
600 Monte Cristo ; 140
1000 Reed Crude Oil Co 43
300 Shamrock 127ft
100 Shamrock 1 25
200 Twenty-eight 2 55
Street —
ISO San Joaquln Oil & Dev 9 37ft
20,000 Cala-Standard S2
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Dec 3—2:30 n> m.
Bid. Asked.
Buckhorn 3 50
California-Standard 31 32
Caribou - 63 70
Four 40
Hanford 120 00
Home 4 40 4 45
Homestake 11 00 U 00
Independence 20
Lion Oi' Co 26
McKlttrick Consolidated 43 So
Monarch of Arizona ¦ 41
Occidental (of West Virginia)..... 65 70
Oil City Petroleum 33 50 34 50
Petroleum Center 19
Reed Crude 43
Rex — — 85
San Joaquln O & D Co 9 23 9 CO
Shamrcck 1 20 1 25
Twenty-eight I 50 2 65
Westlake 18
Wolverine Oil Co (3
MININO STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and. Exchange Board yesterday:
Moraine Session.
200 Challenge 22| 200 Savage «
lOOOCon Cal & .Va..l 35 ; 500 Union Con ** 23
. 100 Crown Point... 12 100 Yellow Jacket" 22
200 Ophlr 74 400 Yellow Jacket 22
600 Ophlr 73, **
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 17 200 Mexican m
600 Best & Belcher 30 600 Ophlr *""" m
100 Best & Belcher 2? art Ovtrman n*
100 Caledonia 40 300 Potost ... i!
700 Chollar 17 200 Sierra Nevada." 211
60 Con Cal & Va..l 30 600 Silver Hill i. l'
100 Confidence »6S 350 Union Con -n
300 Crown Point... 12 200 Yellow Jacket" r>
200 Gould & Curry 54 100 Yellow Jacket" 23
300 Hale & Norc... 1J * "
The following were the sales ln the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: . *-»cinc
Mornlns Session.
600 Belcher 1T| 600 Mexican .... m
600 Belcher 1M ICO Ophlr 72
300 Best & Belcher 31 1 1300 Ophlr •---•-• "
300 Best &* Belcher 30 300 Potosl ".'.'."."" i«
500 Challenge Con.. 22 1 500 Savage '"""" .,
SOD Chollar 171 300 Sierra Nevada! 30
100 Con Cal & V.I 32ft! 200 Silver Hill «
100 Confidence 53 200 Sliver Hill .1. 'CO
100 Confidence C2 200 Silver Hill 48
600 Crown Point... IS 600 Union Con *»3
KSffASX? 20 7 8(W ™™Jacke;:: »
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 30 200 Mexican 20
200 Beat & Belcher 29 100 Ophlr 70
300 Con Cal & V.I 32ft 300 Potosi " is
200, Confidence 59 200 Yellow Jacket.. 23
200 Confidence 60
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
UNITED STATES BONDS. ••
Bld.Ask.l Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.118 ns*« 4s do cp (r.ew).l3SU133
4s do reg 115 115% I 3s do coup... .llu HI
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co.104 — Oak Water 6s.. 106 —
Cal-st Cab Sfs.119 — Oceanic S3 5s.ll0?41U
C C Water 5s.lOS% — Om C Ry 6s... 128 12»>4
Ed L /fc P 6s. .m — Pac O Imp 4s. 101 —
P & Cl By 63.113 — • P & Cl Ry 6S..1W —
Geary-st R 6s. — 89 P & © R R Ss. 1154* —
a u A H ofts.. — — Powell-st R 6sU7ft —
Do 6s 101 — 5acEG&R5s. — 99
L A Ry 5s.... 11014110% 'S F & SJV 6s.U9ftl20
L A Lt Co 6S..110 — S 11 of Cal 6a.. — 113
Do gntd 6s.. 93ft — S P of A 8s...ll3 113ft
L A gntd 5s... — 102 S P C Ss (1905)
L A P R R 6s.lO3ft — (Series A).. ..109%103«i
Market-st Hs. ..!#>> — lJou*«rifi« .HMHh*, •
Do 1st M 5s.l20% - Do (1906) 11294113%
N C N G K 7s. — 1U Do (1912) 121ftl22
N R of Cal 6s.ll4>4 — S P R 1st * os.lui* —
Do- 6s 119 — S P R «s m —
N f CRR 6S.1M — S V Water 6S.114 114ft
Do 5s 10* 108H Do 4s 103 103%
N Cal Ry 6s.. 110 — Do 3d mtge.lOlH —
Oak <i L & H.lluTi — Stktn Gaa 6s.. 101 —
Oak Tran 6s..U<U —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. — 72 Spring Valley. 9ZH 93ft
naariu County. 61ft —
QAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
CentL&PCo— 4ftfPac L Co — 44
Eqult O L Co. S 8ft Hao E G&R Co — 4.1
Muiual Ei Co.. — »T*|6 F G & E.... 47 47ft
O G I- & H.... 49^4 5014 San Francisco. 4«4 4%
Pac Gas Imp.. 47ft 50 Idtktn u&t: Co — l«
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund.227V4230 [
BANK STOCKS.
A.nglo-Cal Ltd. 70 7S First NationaJ.299 305
Bank of Cal... — 410 Lon P & A....JL42V; —
Cal S D & T. — 105ft Merchants' Ex 1» 13
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S &. L — 1900 Eav & L So... — II
Hum S & L... — — Sac Sav Bk.... — —
Mut Sav Bk... 50 — Union T Co.... — —
S F Bar Un...62O —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ...;129 — ,O S L & H.... SS 46ft
<;eary-Rt — w Presidio 17 20
Uarket-st 72 73V4 I
POWDER STOCKS.
r-aiifomla — lfiO Vlgortt VA S94
Giant Con Co. 85U 83% « * ™
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7ft 7% Kilauea S Co.. 2OT4 Z\u
Haw C & S Co SSft 91 Makewell S Co 41ft 43
Honokaa S Co. 31'* — Onomea S Co. 29^4 —
Hutch S P Co. 23ft 26 Paauhau S Co. 3ZVt 32ft
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.l2iftl24%i Pac A F A....' 2% —
.»ti 1 1 uit a»u. — loo \Pao C Bor Co.132 —
Mer Ex Assn.. 101 — IPar Paint Co.. iift —
Oceanic S Co.. 100 101 \
Horning- Session.
Board—
J3000 Los Angeles-Padflo 103 50
25 London, Paris & American Bank. ..143 25
20 Market Street Railway 72 60
170 Market Street Railway 75 75
10 Market Street Railway 73 62ft
50 Kilauea Sugar Co SO 87ft
60 Kilauea Sugar Co 21 00
10 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 88 50
60 Paauhau Sugar Co 32 25
20 Onomea Sugar Co 29 50
60 Hutchinson S P Co 25 75
60 Oceanic S S Co 100 00
30 Oceanic S S Co, s 15 100 00
25 Giant Powder Con 83 CO
10 S F Gas & Electric Co ;... 46 75
250 Vigorlt Powder, b 10 t JTft
Afternoon Session.
Board—
$3000 Los Angeles Railway Es 110 62ft
J1000 S F & S J V 119 75
10 Market Street Railway 72 60
80 Market Street Railway 72 25
100 S F Gaa 4 7$
62 S V Water 93 Jo
10 S V Water, b 10 93 50
5 Honokaa Sugar Co SI 50
80 Gaa & Elec 46 75
45 Giant Powder Con........ 85 25
10 Pacific Gaa 43 00
There was a fair business on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange, with sales of
Market Street Railroad up to J72 75. Hawaiian
to JSS 50 and Gas and Electric up to JW 73.
Changes in the afternoon were slight and
trading was quiet.
There was less activity on th'e Oil Exchange,
though a good business waa recorded never
theless.
The following dividends have been declared:
Alaska Packers', No." 84, of 75 cents, payable
on the 12th; Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm, an
extra of 10 cents, on the 12th; Paauhau Sugar.
10 cents, on the 10th; Paciflc Lighting. 20
cents, on the "th; Oncmea Sugar, 25 cents, on
the 5th; Paciflc Gas Improvement, 30 cents, on
the 10th; San Jose Water. 60 cento, on the 10th.
Sales of stocks and bonds on the Bond Ex
change during the first eleven months of the
year were as follows, compared with the sama
period last year: Stocks, 370.S7S shares, against
623.3S4; bonds, J3.091.870, against Jo.726.760.
The semi-annual interest on the bonds of the
Northern California Railway. 2hi per cent, la
now payable, amounting to J26.850.
The first quarter's Interest on the 4 per cent
bonds of the Padflo Gaa Company, amounting
to $12,000, is now payable.
•The quarterly Interest on the third mortgage
4-per-cent bonds of the Spring Valley Water
Company la now payable. The amount la
$20,000.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Dec 3—3 p. m.
NEW YORK. Dec. 3.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram cays:
The markets here were fairly active and firm
to-day, the Kaiser's snub to Kruger having a
favorable influence. London was rather de
spondent over the Increase of loans Bhown ln
the New York bank statement, but New York
checked sales, causing a see-saw. Money was
very plentiful for the turnover. The market
repaid a large sum due the bank. The bank
loft £200,000 gold to Egypt.
The steamer Alameda sails from Sydney to
day for San Francesco with £300.000 ln sover
eigns.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Dec. 3.— Atchison, 4li Canadian
Paciflc, S8T4; Union Pacific preferred. 84ft;
Northern Paciflc preferred 85%; Grand Trunk,
6Vt! Anaconda, 10H: Rand Mines, 40ft; bar sil
ver, steady, 29%d per ounce; money, 2 per cent.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 8.— Money on call was
firmer at 3ft®6 per cent; last loan. 4. Prime
mercantile paper. 4®4% per cent. Sterling ex
change, firm, with actual business ln bank
ers' bills at $4 S£% for demand and at J4 81%@
4 81% for sixty days. Posted rates, J4 S2ft and
J4 E6ft. Commercial bills, $4 S0%@4 S1U-' Sil
ver ccrtlflcatee, 64<265e. Bar silver, 64Hc Mex
ican dollars, 50c. Government bonds, weak;
State bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds, strong.
New York Money Market.
Hn!£ , £ orc ross.. 18 Standard 180
Homestake 63 00 Union Con U
Jr 0 " S1!ver SO Yellow Jacket 18
M nt x ar. a o n .:.-.-.:::::::: i sS BrunswIck 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ,Unlon Land 3
Call loans 3@4j\Vest End 93>4
Time loans 4£5 Westlngh Elec .... 62
» Gt ? c %?~~ Bonds—
Atch Top & B F.. 39%'Atchison 4a 10U4
Do prefd S3?ijN E G & Coke 6s.. 68
Amer Sugar I33?k! Mining Shares
r, 1 ? 0 £ refd ln 'Adventure....?.... 6>,i
g p » Tele li.S4!Allouez Mng Co.... 2&
Boston Elevated ...ir.6 JAmal Copper 95
Boston & Maine. ..195V4Atlantic 27
Chi Bur & Q 136% Boston & Mont.. ..323
Dominion Coal 39>i Butte & Boston.... Sfi
Do prefd 62^; Calumet & Hecla,
Federal Steel 48Vii ex-dlv 825
Do prefd 75Vi I Centennial 16H
Fltchburg prefd.... 138 iFranklin 15J/J
General Elec 166tf iHumboldt 25
¦P« LP refd 1« Osceola 74
Ed Elec 111 218 Parrot 49
Mexican Cent IS Quincy 170
Mich Tele 85 Santa Fe Copper.. 7
N E Gas & Coke.. 13 Tamarack 293
Old Colony 202ft Utah Mining 34H
Old Dominion 29 iWinona 3ft
Rubber 2S*i| Wolverines 46
Union Pacific 71T»i •
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Corn, ctls 530 Cheese, ctls 15
Rye. ctls 330 Sugar, ctls 1.60O
Beans, ska ....... 2.991 Leather, rolls ... 179
Potatoes, ska .... 4.671 Eggs, dot 7.350
Onions, sks 215! Wine, gala 74,700
Bran, sks ..: 2,374 Tallow, ctls , 2S
Middlings, sks .. 1,894 Brandy, gals .... 5.000
Hay, tons 612 Quicksilver, flska loO
Straw, tons 32ILlme, bbls 643
Hops, bales 2'
Flour, qr sks.... 15.923 Oats, ctls S.SM
Wheat, ctls 3,450 Potatoes, ska .... 1S2
THE STOCK MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or., Dec. 3.-Clearlngs, $677,259;
balances, $103,202.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Dec. 3.— WH EAT- Markets quiet;
blue stem, %c lower at 55&c, and club }4e
higher at 63%c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Dec 3.-WHEAT-Walla Wana,
Portlaiid's Business.
LONDON, Dec. S.-^onsoIs, 9SH; sliver, 29%c;
French rentes. lOlf 67Msc; cargoes on passage,
quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 standard Cali
fornia, SOs; English country markets, dull;
Import' Into United Kingdom, wheat, 267, 000;
Import into United Kingdom, flour, 199,000;
wheat and flour on passage to United King
dom. 2,100. 0C0; wheat and flour on passage to
Continent. 1,140,000: Indian shipments wheat to
United Kingdom, 26.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 3.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California. 6s 2d®6s Sd; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, quieter.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 19-32d.
CLOSING.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, firm, 4s
%d.
WHEAT— Steady; No. 1 California. 6s 2%d;
No. 2 red Western winter. Es U&d; No. 1
Northern spring. 6s 3d. Futures, steady; De
cember, 5s HHd: March. 6s %<3.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, new,
4s 3J. 'Futures, 6teady; December, 4s %d;
January, 3s lOd; March, 3s 9Va<i-
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK. Dee. 3.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday, December 1, as compiled by
the New York Produce Exchange, shows the
following changes: Wheat. 62.174.000 bushels,
decrease, 83.000 bushels. Corn, 9,412,000 bushels;
increase, 733,000 bushels. Oats, 11,319,000 bush
els; decrease. 450,000 bushels. Rye, 1.325,000
bushels; decrease, 1,100,000 bushels. Barley,
4,418,000 bushels; decrease, 141,000 bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— Advices from abroad
were a shade better for tin and Influenced the
local situation materially. Prices here were
some 25 points higher and the market closed
firm at $28 00 . nominal. Lake copper ruled
quiet at $17. Pig Iron warrents were also un
changed at $9 SOU 10 60. Lead was quiet at
$4 37%, and for Spelter easy at $4 30@4 35.
The brokers' price for lead was J4, and for
copper J17.
New York Metal Market.
NT3W YORK. Dec. 3.— The cotton market
opened steady a^a decline of 3@10 points, in
fluenced by a drop of 3 points at Liverpool. It
soon became evident that port and interior re
ceipts would overtop those of a week ago and
a year ago. By midday the loss had Increased
to 4iff5 points the distant months being par
ticularly weak under selling. Still later the
market became heavy and listless and remained
In -that condition until Just before the close,
when prominent bulls appeared In the pit en.l
bought everything offered. A sheer 10-polnt
advance resulted.
New York Cotton Market.
000; generally active; strong to 10c higher;
butchers' stock slow. Good tp prime steers,
J5 40®6; poor to medium. $4 10®4 35; selected
feeders, stronger, J3 5004 25; mixed stockers.
steady, J2 25@3 60; ¦ cows, $2 60@l 25; heifers,
choice stronger, J2 65S4 65; canners. J2@2 50;
bulls, J2 60@4 25; calves steady. $3 5005 50.
Texans— Fed steers, $4@4 90; grass fed steers,
$303 50; bulls, J2 50@3 25. . •
HOGS— Receipts to-day 85,000, • to-morrow
87,000; left over 4000; market 2%®5c lower; top,
J* 87^. Mixed and butchers', $4 50@4 87H:
good to choice heavy, $4 55@4 85: rough heavy,
$4 40<®4 50; light, $4 50@4 85; bulk of sales,
$4 65@4 80.
SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000. Sheep and lambs
active; 10@15c higher. Good to choice wethers.
$i@4 40; fair to choice mixed. $3 73@4 10:
Western sheep, $4@4 35; native lambs, $-J@5 50;
Western lambs, $4 73@5 60.
FOR MONDAY, DECEMBER 3. ;
Flour, . qr sks.... 27.973 Wool, eks ....... 146
Wheat, ctls ..... 12.300 Pelts, bdls. ....... 30
Barley, ctls 2,995 Hides, No 630
Oats, ctls ........ 5S0 Butter, ctla ...... 200
Receipts of Produce.
WINE— There Is an advance of 4c per gal
lon In California descriptions reported, though
dealers do not yet give any definite quotations
as to variety.
LINSEED OIL — Is again lower, at 72c for raw
and 74c per gallon for boiled In barrels. Cases,
6c more.
- COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; Soutbfleld
Wellington, fV. Seattle, $7: Bryant, J7: Coos
Bay, J5 60; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $3; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 22
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, J14;
Cannel. $12 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and $18 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
J8 45 per 2000 lbs and JS 50 per ton. according
to brand.
SUOAH— The Western Sugar Reflnlne Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.15c; Powdered, 5.75c: Candy Gran
ulated, 5.75c: Dry Granulated. 5.65c: Confec
tioners' A. 5.65c; Magnolia A. 5.25c; Extra C.
5.15c; Golden C. 5.05c; barrels. 10c mora; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 60-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos. half-bar
r^ls >'. 4fv- (!<•»•(.': J.6nc per Ih.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $365: Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July, 6%c; Wool Bags,
2S%@32V4c; Fleece Twine, 7V4c; Fruit Bags,
6%@6*t<3 for white and 8Vl@S%c for bleached
jute.
General Merchandise.
Previous prices rule, with firm markets for
Beef, Mutton and Veal. Supplies of Hogs are
sufficient for the demand.
BEEF— 7Q>8c lor Sieera and 6®6Hc per lb for
Ccws. '
VEAL— Large, 8@8V4c; small, 9c per lb.
MUTTON- Wethers. 8@8V4c; Ewes, 7H@8c per
pound. ,
LAMB— S«r9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, SHc for small and 5%c for
me Hum and 5%@5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5®5Vic; dressed Hogs, "UtfS'.ic
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10c: medium, 9c; light. 8%c; Cow
hides. 8&«9c: Stags. 6V4c; Salted Kip, »%c:
Salted Veal, 9%c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides,
16c; culls, 14c; Dry Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, 16®17c;
culls and brands, 14c; Sheepskins, shearlings,'
20&U0c each; short Wool, 30@50c each; medium,
60© 85c; long Wool, 75c® $1 each; Horse Hides,
salt, $2 50 for large and $2 for medium, Jl 60
for small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large, $1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small
and 25<&'50c for colts. Deerskins — Summer or red
Bklns. 35c: fall or medium skins, SOc; winter or
thin skins, 17%®20c. Goatskins — Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4®4V4c per lb; No.
2, 3Vic; grease, 2(§2%c.
WOOL — Spring Clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15<J?16c; Northern, defective. 12
®14c; Middle County, free. 14® 16c: Middle
County, defective, I2t?14c; Southern Mountain,
12 months', 9@10c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', 11012c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 9@llc; Humboldt and Mendoclno.
lC@17c; Nevada. 13«"fl6c per lb.
Fall Clip — San Joaquln. CHifi'c; do lambs', 8
fiHc; Middle County, H'lflOc: Northern Mountain,
free, KXtTllc: Southern Mountain, 740S^c;
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 12@13c per lb.
HOPS— lltt@15o per lb.
The Hide circular of W. B. Sumner & Co.
Bays, under date of December 1: "The wet
ealted Hide market continues firm, and all
Hides are in demand and selling: freely. Dry
Hides ore steady and wanted, with only limited
receipts. Salted Horse Hides find ready sale
at advanced prlcoa, but dry Horse Hides are
neglected. Deer Skins are on a good trading
basis and sell freely. Goat Skins sell readily.
Sheepskins are depressed, but sales can be
made."
The Eastern market for Hides Is weaker and
quieter.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy. ll^@12c for light medium. 12%o for
light, 13%c for extra light and 15@15Vic for
eugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Haras, ll%c;
Mess Beef, $12 50 per barrel; extra Mess, J13;
Family. J14; extra Prime Pork, $16; extra
clear, $19 50; Mess, $17; Smoked Beef, 13c per
pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9Uc for pure; half-barrels, pure
9V4c; 10-lb tins. 10c: B-lb tins, 10%c.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrels. 8%c; three
half-barrels, Stfc; one tierce, 8}4c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces, 734c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Dealers report a fair demand at unchanged
prices. |
Provisions.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sizes. 3c;
40-EOs. 7c; 60-60s. 5%c; 60-TOs, 3%c; 70-80s. S*4c;
S0-90s| 2%c; 9O-10Os, 2%e; 100s and over. 2c; ru
bles **4c premium; Bonomas, He and San Joa
qulns. %c less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, «@
Ro for Royals and lOSJlOHc for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 6®6c; sun-dried. 3H@4%c;
Peaches 4®5c for standard. 6@6c for choice
ftnd6H«Tc for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums,
citted B®6V4c; unpltted, 1®1%c; Nectarines, 6@
6V4c for red and $Vi@6c for white.
ii a I SINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1300: Bleached Thompson's fancy. 12c
Der lb: choice, lie; standard. 894c; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy 10V-c.Per lb; choice, 9Hc; standard. S%c;
crime 8c f unbleached Sultanas, 8e: Seedless,
tO-lb 'boxes. 6«*c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 8c;
3-crown. 6%c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers. 2
crown. $1 &0 V*r box; S-crown. « GO; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, J3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
NUTS— Chestnuts. 6@7e per lb for California
and 12c for Italian: Walnuts. No. 1 soft
shell lie: No. 2. 8c: No. 1 hardshell. 10c: No. 2.
7V4c* Almonds. 12@13c for papershell. 9@llc for
eoftshell: Peanuts, 5@6c for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pecans, U©13c; Cocoa
nuts," $3 50S5.
HONEY— Comb. 13H©HHc for bright and 12%
@13c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7"">;iftSe; light amber, extracted, 6%@7c; dark,
C57CHc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24326c per lb.
Oranges are rather lower and dull, as the
cold weather Is against them. The Panama
steamer brought up 379 cases Mexican Limes.
Receipts of berries were meager.
There was no change In Apples and Pears.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES— 30@C0c per box for common and
65cift$l for good to choice; Spitzenbergs, 75c0
$1 25; Oregon Spltzenbergs, $131 25.
PEARS— 75c@$l 50 per box.
PERSIMMONS— 50@75c per box.
CRANBERRIES — Jerseys, $l(Vf?10 E0; Cap«
Ccd, $11 6CK312 per barrel; Coos Bay, $2 50©2 75
per box.
STRAWBERRIES— None in.
RASPBERRIES— $67 per chest.
GRAPES— 25@5Oc per box and crate.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1 50®2 50;
Stealings, J1O1 75; Tanrerines. |1 25Cal 50;
Japanese Mandarins, $1 75*12: Lemons, 25c® $1 25
for common and Jl 80(32 50 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit. Jl 50®2 50: Mexican Limes, Hit
4 50- California Limes. 25@35c; Bananas, Jl 2a
©2 £0 per bunch: Pineapples, J2S3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter rules firm at the advance noted Satur
day, and stocks are reduced to a low point.
There Is no change In Cheese.
Egrs continue to rise, though slowly. Stocks
are limited. . •
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 23@26c; seconds,
24c.
Dairy— Fancy, 23ff23V£c; good to choice, 20®
22c; common. 17%@19c.
Creamery tub— 2u©22'/4o per lb.
Pickled roll— 19®21c
Firkin— lS©13c.
Storage goods— 21022c. i
CHEESE— New, 11V4012C; Old. VxSllc: Toung
America. 12@12%c; Eastern. 13*401*0 ; Western,
lift 13c per lb.
EGGS— Ftoro. 27Vi®3I^c: Ranch. 35@36c for
fair and 37%@41c per dozen for good to choice;
Eastern, 22Vi@30c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME- Quail. Jlfffl 25 for "Valley and for
Mountain; Mallard, $2(33; Canvasback, $3@4;
Sprig, $li??175: Teal, $lf?l 25; Widgeon, 75c@
Jl 25; Small Duck, 75c@U; Gray Geese, $3;
White Geese, $1@1 25; Brant. $1 25@1 50 for small
and $150<?"t2 for large; . Honkers, $4 50; English
Snipe. *123<3*2: Jack Snipe. »l@150; Hare, 73c@
$1; Rabbits, Jl 25 for Cottontail and Jl for
Brush; Doves, COc per dozen.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@llc for Gob
blers and 10@lle for Hens; Dressed Turkeys.
12Hc; Geese, per pair, Jl 75<S'2; Goslings, $1 75
@2; Ducks. t'iut I tor old and i-i'u'o tor young;
Hens. $3 5O@4; Young Roosters. $4@4 50; Old
Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers. $3 50@4; Broilers,
$3 50@4 for large and $3ft3 50 for small; Pigeons,
Jl per dozen for old and $1 W)«?l 75 for Squabs.
Fire cars of Eastern came In and sales were
made at$3 50@S50 for Hens, $4 50@5 60» for
young Roosters, $4®4 50 for old Roosters, $2 W
04 for Broilers, $4 for Fryers, $1 for Pigeons.
$2 for Geese. ?4@6 60 for Ducks and 10c for Tur
keys.
Dressed Turkeys came In sparingly and
brought the quotation below.
Receipts of Game were very heavy, being al
most 250 ska, and prices continued weak and
low In consequence.
Poultry and Game.
75c@$l for Los Angeles and 20c@$l 25 for Bay:
Egg Plant. Los Angeles, 8@8c per 1b; Green
Peppers, 35@50c per box; Dried Peppers, 9@llc;
Carrots, 25@33c per box; Cucumbers, 75c; Sum
mer Squash. 75c@$l 25; Garlic. 4@5c per lb;
Marrowfat Squash, $10@12 per ton.
THE SAN FEAyciSCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1900.
New York Grain and Produce.
65
In.
T 1.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
;t This
Last
4 Hoi
ursf Season.
I Season.
]
I ?fl SS
I ,i :• ;
7 1»
7.1Z
! 7 in
7.10
! 7.71
. I 4.98
. 2.14
c ec
K
£.66
B.S6
91 V)
Z.WJ
1 •'»
;t This
Last
4 Hoi
ursf Season.
I Season.
]
I ?fl SS
I ,i :• ;
7 1»
7.1Z
! 7 in
7.10
! 7.71
. I 4.98
. 2.14
c ec
K
£.66
B.S6
91 V)
Z.WJ
1 •'»
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
30 Head o* BROKEN DRIVING,
EXPRESS, MILK WAGON, BAK-
ERS and WORK HORSES.
MATCHED TEAMS.
Property of J. B. NIGHTINGALE
GREEN VALLEY FARM. CORDELIA.
To bo sold on #
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY, DEGcMBcR 4, 1900,
At 11 A. M.. at
SALESTARD, 1732 MARKET ST.. COR. VAN
NESS AVE.
CHASE & CO.. Livestock Auctioneers.
Succewora to KlIHp ft Co.
,
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Dec. 3—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask.j Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 CO Justice Ot 03
Alta 05 t'SKentucJc 02 OS
Andes 04 Oi Lady Wash .... — 03
Belcher 16 18, Mexican 19 21
Best & Belcher 29 ¦ 30 Occidental 04 OS
Bullion C2 W Ophlr 67 63
Caledonia ...... 23 41 Overman^ C6 07
Cnoilar 1« 13 Potosl ..• 15 18
Challenge Con.. 23 24 Savage 12 13
Confidence 60 63 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 30 1 35 Seg Belcher 03 04
Con Imperial — 01 Sierra Nevada. 29 30
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill .... 47 43
Eureka Con ... — 33 St Louis 10 —
Crown Point... 12 13 Standard .„....» 20 8 50
Exchequer .... — 02 Syndicate ...... 15 17
Gould & Curry 63 55 Union Con ..... 13 - M
Hale & Noro... 13 20 Utah «J 07
Julia — 03 Yellow Jacket.. 13 14
Builders' Contracts. .
Mrs. C. 8. d» Santa Marina (ownert -wttti
Thomas H. Day's Sons (contractors), architects
Tharo & Holmes— All alterations and addltlcas
except electrlo wiring, elevator and elevator
grill work for a three-story and basement
brick store and office building oa NE corner of
Drumm and California streets. E 90:3 by X
; 107; m.013.
Robert Pleper (owner), with Eastman Broe.*
(contractors), architect owner— Plumbing, gai
and sewer work for three frame buildings on
SW corner of Oak and Cola streets. 56:3 by 10O,
also SE corner of. Oak and Cole streets. 31:3 by
100;- $4025.
John A. Lennon (owner) with "W. A. Hicks
(contractor), architect E. A. Garnin— Raising,
brick, carpentry and mill work, stairs, electrlo
work, plastering, tinning and leaders for aa
additional story for a two-story fram« build-
Ing on the N line of Eddy street. 171:10H E of
Gough. E 34:4>4 by "N" 120. Western Addition
block 133: 14631.
CALL CALENDAR.
, DECEMBER. 1900.
S. M. T. *VV. T. F. S. Moon's Phases. .
: ~7" Full Moon.
>y December 1
_L _L -J- — — — — zfT- L ** t Qu*" 81 *-
9 10 11 12 13 14 13 **£. December IX
w December ZL
— — ——— First Quarter.
80 31 -39 December 83.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leav» Broadway
thK wharf, San Francisco:
Kak^^ Fcr Alaskan Ports— 11 *. m.,
V&S&fK^ Dec - 2 - 7 ' n ' 17 - K- Zl > Jaa - L
I'trfct'^5?*! '- hanee to company's steamer*
tdw&^JSM For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
Eg9*\_rt??ja-j C). Port TownseniJ. Soattl*
fl£ "MEfejSal Tacoma. Everett, Anacortej
""¦^t^a and New Whatcom (Wash.)—li
a. m.. Deo. J. 7. 12. 17. 23. 17.
Jan. 1. and every fifth day thereafter. Chaox*
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at SeatUe or Tacoo* to
N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to a P. Rr
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 3 p. ra.. Deo.
4. 9. 14. 19. 24. 29. Jan. 3, and every O*th dar
thereafter.
For San Diego, mtozrptag only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Lot An-
gele«)— Steamer Queen. "WetooBday*. 9 a. m.|
steamer Santa Rosa. Sunday*. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
coe. Port Harford (San Luis OUspo). Oavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hacnezne. San Pedro.
East San Pedro <Loa Angele*) and Xew-pcTt—
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. el; steamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays, 9 a. va.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jo*» del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (M«x.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company**
folders.
The rompany reserves the right to ehar.yi
steamers, sailing dates asd hours ot filing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL. PERKIX3 & CO.. Gen. Aganta.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & R. M. ~"
¦DISPATCH TAST BtEAMSRS TO
PORTLAND j
From Snear-Ktreet Wharf at ll_a._m.
tIDfc ~*12"flrst Class Including Berth
rAnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
GEO TV. ELDER sails Dec. », 19. 79
COLUMBIA sails Dec 4. 14. 24. Jan. S
Short Line to "Walla "Walla, Spokane. Buna.
Helena and all points ln the Northwest.
Through tickets to sll points East
E. C WARD. General Agent,
630 Market St.
AMERICAN LINE.
RT TORS. B0OTHA1IPT05. L0ND03T. P13XS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound
From New Tork Every "Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New Tork Dec 12 New Tork .Jan. 2
Southwark Dec. 19 Kensington Jan. 9
St. Louis Dec 28 Noordland Jan. 1»
RED STAR LINE;
New York, and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every "Wednesday, 13 noon.
Frlesland Dec. 12|"Westernland ....Jan. S
Southwark Dec. 19|Kensington Jan. •
Westernland ...Dec. 26!Noordland Jan. 13
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
SO Montgomery st.. Or any of Its agents.
PANAMAR.R.Co.'sS
To NEW YORK via PANAMA.
S. S. ST. PAUL sails December 18, 2 p. m,
From wharf, foot of Fremont street.
Freight and passenger office. S30 Market at.
F. F. CONNER. Pacific Coast Ageat.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.;
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE "WHARF, COR- J J
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
fcr YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board oo day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARC
Thursday, December », 19C0
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. December 19. 1300
Via Honolulu.
SS. HONGKONG MARU —
Thursday, January J4. 19CX
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General A*»nt.
AAAinlA I? d? i*A HAWAII, MHO*, HEW
V VVmiMV <yi-tf»VV* DIRECIimE TO TAHITI
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.................
Tuesday. December 4, 4 o. m.
SS ""SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia...
....Wednesday. December 12. J p. m.
SS ' ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only).. .........
"Wednesday. December 28. 2 p. m.
i D SPBECKELS k BB03. CO., Esneral Agents. 327 Market Si
Eso'l Passenger Cffla, 643 Nirket St.. Phr lo. 7, PaaS: St
COMPAQNIS GENERALS TBAN3ATLANTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -4^
Sailinj? every Thursday, instead <i;<fg&
Saturday, from, November 2. 1S99. at<^raorC5k
ID a ra. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton street. First-class to Havre, $35 and
upward. Second-class to Havre. $42 SO and up-
ward GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson
tulldlng). New York. J. F. FUGAZI St CO.,
Paciflc Coast Agents. & Montgomery avenue.
Sai: Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAJttERsT"
'lofirrirAW^ j
Steamer "MonticeUo."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and" Sat. at »-4S^
a. m.. 3:15. 5:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night)- Fri-
days. 1 p. ra. and 3:30: Sundays, 10:3ft a. 'at- *
p. ro. Landing and office. Mlnston-street Dock*
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IMS.
I FARE ...: ,, n.Mrs., Thompson Discharged.
Mrs. Mary Thompson, P23 Minna street,
who was arrested Saturday on a warrant
charging her with disturbing the peace,
was discharged yesterday by Judge Ca
baniss. The Judge severely reprimanded
Mrs. Hansen, the complaining witness.
Sutro's Realty to Be Sold.
Judge Coffey has granted the petition of
Dr. Emma L. Merritt. executrix, and W.
R. H. Adamson. executor of the will of
the late Adolph Sutro, for leave to sell all
of the realty of decedent's estate. It is
understood that only sufficient of the real
ty will be sold to pay the estate debts,
which aggregate about $600,000.
Ex-Convict Has Short Liberty.
Lawrence J. Edward?, a Folsom convict,
who was released three days ago, was ar
rested last night and held at the City
Prison pending an investigation. Ed
wards has spent considerable money for
hack rides and wine since gaining his
freedom and last evening tried to cash a
check in a Post-street saloon. The bar
keeper questioned the genuineness of the
paper and reported the facts to the police.
Edwards* term in prison was for forgery.
SUPPLIES FOR THE SOLDIERS
Transport to Take an Enormous
Cargo to the Philippines.
SEATTLE. Dec.' 3.— The United States
transport KIntuck Is preparing to take an
enormous general cargo, including live
stock, from Puget Sound to Manila for
the use of the army in the Philippine Isl
ands. The Kintuck reached Seattle on
Sunday In excellent condition after her
voyage from Manila. She was in charge
of Captain L. S. Polk of the Forty-third
Volunteer Infantry. The Kintuck will be
overhauled here and In all probability
placed on the drydock to have her hull
scraped and painted. She will load one of
tbe biggest cargoes ever sent from this
port by the quartermaster's department.
The Kintuck has a larger animal carry
ing capacity than any transport with
headquarters In San Francisco. She will
carry 820 head of horses .\nd mules, 1500
tons dead weight of hay and grain, fifty
army wagons and a quantity of general
army stores. Captain K. G. Hampton,
quartermaster of volunteers, will go In
chasge of the Kintuck. He is here wait
ingTor her to sail;
OAKLAND. Dec. 3.— Supervisors Church.
Wells and Talcott voted to-day in favor
cf H. Fortune of Decoto. against whom
the people of Decoto filed a protest for
running hi* saloon in a boisterous and un
eeemly manner. Supervisor Talcott said
that he did not care to Bit as Judge in the
matter but would leave It in the hands
cf the Supervisorial representative of the
diftrict. When Wells voted against the
petitioners Church voted with him. An
additional protest was filed against For
tune this morning by the residents of De
ccto but It had no weight with the Su
pervisors.
Man Against Whom Residents
Enter Protest.
Supervisors Vote in Favor of Saloon
FORTUNE TO CONTINUE
SALOON IN DECOTO
OAKLAND. Dec 3.— Delegates from the
linemen's organisation of San Francisco
came over this morning and tried to in
duce the local employes of the Sunset
Company to give up their Jobs.
m^e men refused. They assured Manager
/Lills of the company that they were well
satisfied with their X2 60 for nine hours*
work and would not go out.
Six cf the ten men of the Oakland Gas,
Light and Heat Company were persuaded
to quit. They flrft made a demand for IS
for ei«ht hours' work, which was refused
Satisfied With Wages and
Hours of Labor.
TELEPHONE LINEMEN
REFUSE TO GO OUT
Assure Manager Ellis That They Are
and Cypress streets, is reported to have
tried to commit suicide last night about 11
o'clock by swallowing a dose of carbolic
acid. People in the same house with Mrs
Happy heard her cries and summoned a
physician to attend her. Destitution is
the cause of the woman's attempt upon
her own life. The attention of Supervisor
Mitchell was called to the case and he
will have her removed to- the County In
firmary.
OAKLAND, Dec. 3.— Mrs. Alary Happy,
whose home is at the corner of Sixteenth
DESPONDENT MRS. HAPPY
DRINKS CARBOLIC ACID
OAKLAND, Dec. 3.— Rev. Andrew Mit
chell, whose son, John Mitchell, is one
of the Supervisors, is seriously ill at his
home on Myrtle street. His advanced
age, 77 years, makes his relatives appre
hensive as to the outcome of the Ulnes«
Rev. Mr. Mitchell was taken sick soo"n
after attending a Baptist convention in
San Francisco.
Illness of Rev. Andrew Mitchell.
Western Union Telegraph Company
Employes Pay Last Tribute to
the Deceased Manager.
OAKLAND, Dec. 3.— The funeral of the
late Frank R. Steele, manager of the
Western Union Telegraph Company at
San Francisco, was held this morning
from the late residence of the deceased,
2431 Piedmont avenue. In accordance with
the desire of Mrs. Steele. the services
were of the simplest character. Rev "Wil
liam H. . Scudder, pastor of the Market
street Congregational Church, conducted
the services, which consisted of a prayer
and a short address of comfort and con
eolation for the bereaved wife, children
and friends.
A large number of the department heads
and other employes of the telegraph com
pany came from San Francisco to attend
the funeral. Edwin R. Folger, manager
of the Oakland office of the company was
among, the representatives present.
The pallbearers were J. B. Donner su
perintendent of telegraph of the Southern
Pacific Company; T. H. Reynolds, cashier
of the San Francisco office; D. R. Davies
superintendent of construction of the
Western Union Telegraph Company; H
S. Converse, chief operator of the San
Francisco office; W. J. Higgins, delivery
clerk at the San Francisco office, and G.
L. Davle, a personal friend of the Steele
family.
The body was Incinerated at Odd Fal
lows' Cemeteryt San Francisco.
SIMPLE FUNERAL OF THE
LATE FRANK R. STEELE
Charges That Business of Equity
Building and Loan Association
Has Been Mismanaged.
OAKLAND. Dec. 3.— Mrs. Louisa Corn
stock, who failed in an action to recover
$3800 against the Equity Building and
Loan Association, filed a suit In interven
tion against the defunct corporation to
day. The suit is similar to the one re
cently brought by Attorney General Ford
to enjoin the building and loan associa
tion from continuing its business and ask
ing that a receiver be appointed to take
charge of the assets and liabilities.
Mrs. Comstock's complaint recites that
the corporation has been seriously mis
managed: that it has not had a treasurer
for a year past; that there was favorit
ism toward several creditors, and that
the directors have loaned money from the
association's funds to themselves upon se
curity insufficient to insure the recovery
of it.
MRS. COMSTOCK FILES
SUIT. IN INTERVENTION
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
A Pennlngton. Ukiah
M Arendt, Angels
J F Forsyth, Ohio .
C Rhine, Clayton
J S Smith. Vallejo
S Wallbridso, L Ang
A G Fllnn, Willows
D C Jones. Stanford
J K Hess. Austin
C A Sutherland, Cal
T W Williams, Salinas
N L Asne. Salinas
F Lemon, Boston
J D Biddle. Hanford
S N Androus, Pomona
J A Philbln. L Ansr
Mrs B Gardiner, Ohio
Mrs H T Banes, Ohio
J McCudden, Vallejo
Miss McCudden, Valljo
C A Ruggles. Stockton
J W Love. Fresno
R D Stephens & w. Sac
Mrs J D . Stlmpson.
Los Angeles
B E Salisbury. N Y
D Horn, Hornbrook
W F Rowell. Fresno
Mrs W B Gester, Ncstl
J M Francis. Auburn
W H Berry & w, Sol ma
T R Stockett&w.Seattl
II E White. Nome
W H Prlnc & w, Cal
}} r tJ Alaska
5 T K ./ Ohn »ton, Seattle
F J Herthel & w.Mojis
F J Herthel Jr & w
Boston *
Mr3 E Gerber, Chgo
W A Semrle, Or
J Kaseburg, Rosedale
W J Hanna, Sacto
L E Serton. Kingstown
G A Woelffel. Albion
E Dinkelsplel, Suisun
M H Durst, Wheatland
F L Scramma & w
Reddlnz
Mrs D O Hunt. S Hlna
W M Lowell, Sacto
ABC Dowdell. 8 Hlna
H B Mulr. Uklah
W F Wiler, Cal
Miss TWomey, Stktn
L L Bradford. Mo
L R Cody & w. Chgo
Mrs T R Hayes, Mich
W Jereslaw. Brentwd
W Etteen. Denver
C W Eastln, Modesto
I Brunn. Chlcaeo
G B Ma I res. Pa
i T.^ZY* & w - Mrysv
R M Hall. MarysvUle
R W Sktnner & w
Marysville
PALACE HOTEL
I, T Wright, Shasta
Mrs A S Gilbert. Or
Miss K Gilbert. Or
A Sutherland, N Y
M Sutherland, "N Y
R Hoogland. Chicago
J C Gamage, St Louis
Dr T Powell, Los Ang
W I McKee, Chicago
F J Lowry, Honolulu
Mrs Lowry, Honolulu
J J White, Cincinnati
Mrs T Flint, San Juan
E W Roberts, Cal
Mrs Roberts, Cal
J H Estee, Vermont
N E de Yoe, Modesto .
Mrs de Yoe, Modesto
D H Dally, N J
Mrs Daily, N J
A Bettens. Byron
A F Grant,. Chicago
G F Simonds. Mass
R L Fulton. Reno
Mrs S O Sullivan, NY
Mrs C W Piker, N Y
II J Small, Sacto
C P Borne, N Y
M Allen, San. Jose
G Moore. Illinois
Miss O Harvey. Gait
E S Barney, Dayton
F A Newton, Boston
Mrs Newton. Boston
W Campbell. Boston
Mrs K . W Skiler. Wash
Miss Terrable, S L O
C Dunphy, Milbrae
W J Wiley. Palo Alto
Mrs J L Carson, Cal
J W Navy, wf. N Y
Miss S Navy, NY
L W Edmonds, So Cal
W Rosenberg, N Y
R E Brown, Los Ang
J Brown, Los Ang
S H Weil, wf, N Y
Mrs W G Page, Idaho
Raymond-Whltcomb Party
J P Bodge and wife
S C Bodse
M Eger and wife
W M Hart and wife
Mrs M V Shepard
A A Wilkinson
Miss Titus
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
H Elphlck, Arizona
J Smith, N Y
J W Church. Salinas
W J Seth, Doggrett
H Merslch, 'Martinez
A Johnson, Oakland
L Sowers, Denver
IV Hollenbeck, Cal
R ¦ JW Gates, Chicago
J G Bode, Redwood Cy
K Murphy, Vallejo
J A' Bundy, Nebr.
J Tlntlnger, B C "
G AVagner & w, Cal
G Nelson, Sacramento
DA Hartong, Mo
R B Dowc, Mo
E Honeyman, Nevada
W S Humphreys & w.
Winters «
M Y Collins. Sacto
J F Connolly, Mass
J R Madison, Oregon
J F Axton. Utah
Miss Nichols, Utah
J Chlnn, Alaska
C T McCoy, S Dak
W.V Reppert, Iowa
W W Prlngle, Cal
R Erlckson, Nebr
O H Gibson & w. Colo
D W Smith & son. Cal
T B Carmonde, Cal
-
H. M. Christen sen Discovers Thre-5
Quartz Ledges That May Yield
Gold When Developed.
LIVERMORE, Dec. 3 — H. M. Chrlsten
sen, while walking about his farmyard
several days ago, picked up a nugget of
gold. He took It to town and ascertained
its value to be $3. Christensen has since
examined his land and discovered three
ledges of quartz, which he believes con
tain gold. The Christensen farm is three
miles from town in the foothills.
Llvermore's vicinity is developing lands
that contain valuable deposits. Recently
oil was discovered, and coal has been a
product for several years.
PICKED UP NUGGET ON
HIS LIVERMORE FARM
Eva Powell, president; Miss Annie
Holmes, corresponding secretary; Miss
Mary Ratcliff, recording secretary, and
Miss Mary Powell, treasurer.
the city's progress Is halted and th« harmony
ofniuniclpal affairs turned Into Jan&llns dis
cord. Until this change Is made no municipal
administration, however blithe and promising
It may start out. can hope to prosper or
achieve any betterment of lasting importance
to the people of this city.
was kicked in the face this morning by a
fractious horse and sustained Injurie3
that will disfigure him for life. His left
jaw was fractured and the cheek cut In a
painful manner. The Iron-shod hoof of
the vicious brute barely mlssecl the phy
sician's temple. Dr. Young was rendered
unconscious by the blow and was discov
ered In that condition by his wife.
The horse was tethered in a lot adjoin
ing Dr. Young's place at the south end of
Walnut street. Its master was in the act
of untying the animal from an Iron
stake preparatory to hitching it up, when
It reared and let drive with its hind. feet.
Dr. J. A. Rlley Is attending- the injured
man and he Bays It will be pome timo
before he recovers from his wounds. .
ALAMEDA. Dec. 3.— Dr. J. M. Young
AXAMEDA PHYSICIAN
KICKED BY A HORSE
OAKLAND, Dec. 3.— Judge Greene de
cided to-day that "W. B. Greenbaum's ap
pointment as guardian of Lady Mary
Leilah Klrkham Blair Yarde-Buller was
not legally made, the ground being that
the notice and citation at the time of the
appointment. August 21 of this year had
not been properly served on the alleged
incompetent. The matter will come up
again^ on December 17. when Lady Yarde-
Buller's ability to manage her property
riRhts will be inquired Into. The legality
of GreenbaunVs appointment was ques
tioned by Attorney M. C. Chapman, who
has been appointed by Lady Yarde-Buller
to look after her Interests.
GUARDIAN GREENBAUM'S
APPOINTMENT SET ASIDE
Mehrmann held an Inquest this evening; at
6 o'clock In the case of 12-year-old Arthur
Tappan, who was accidentally killed yes
terday afternoon by a playmate, Charles
Swan, while the boys were hunting on th«
marsh at the "West End. The Coroner's
Jury returned a verdict stating the cause
of death to be a gunshot wound In the
thoracic cavity Inflicted by the accidental
discharge of a rifle In the hands ot Charles
Swan.
In addition to the rerdlot the following
was drawn up and signed by all the Jurors
and concurred In by Coroner Mehrmann:
The Jurors In the Inquest of Master Charles
Tappan's death recommend that a city ordi
nance be passed prohibiting the using or carry-
Ing of firearms by youths under 18 years of age.
Those whose signatures were affixed to
the foregoing, as well as to the verdict.
are: Henry Schneider. "W. H. Walter
George N. Gray. Louis Dureln. H. C. Gray
Charles Bueck and "W. A. Conneatx.
Young Charles Swan appeared at the
branch morgue accompanied by his moth
er. Between sobs he related minutely the
Incidents prior to the discharge of the
gun In his hands that ended the life of hia
little companion.
To-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock the
funeral of the unfortunate youth will be
held from the home of his mother. Mrs.
Charles W. Tappan, Fifth street and
Buena Vista avenue. Interment will b« In
Mountain View Cemetery-
Little Charles Swan Tells TT<^ Story
to Jury Amid Sobs of
Grief.
ALAMEDA, Dec 3.— Coroner H. B.
ARTHUR TAPPAN'S DEATH
DUE TO AN ACCIDENT
BERKELEY, Dec. 3.-The Berkeley Re
publican Central Committee has com
menced the campaign tot the corning mu
nicipal election to be held in April. Chair
man E C. Marliane has appointed the
following executive committee to have
SSree o« the work: Paolo Salisbury, G.
a sfhuster. E. M. Batchelder, H. C. Bar
r\iw Hugh Forgie. W. C. Moran, J. L.
Sykes and P. Remond.
For Municipal Election.
OAKLAND, Dec. 3.— The Second Church
of Christ" has incorporated with the fol
lowing named directors: Sarah C. Hatch,
ypbulfne H. Schafer. Gertrude M. Sharpe,
Elizabeth H. Jacobs. Edgar M. Dean, De
Resco Augsburg. Herbert W. Beck,
Charles E. Hatch and Eliza Whitworth.
The purpose of the incorporation Is to
conduct a church for worship, instruction
and Christian healing.
Christian Scientists Incorporate.
OAKLAND, Dec S.— Frank S. Arnold,
who In company with "William Hunter was
engaged In the hold-ups last week of Mrs.
Curtis and Mrs. Fritzlnger in East Oak
land, confessed his erullt In Police Judge
Smith's courtroom when he was arraigned
this morning. When told to stand up to
listen to the reading of the complaint
against him, Arnold said In reply to the
question as to hia plea:
"I'm guilty, sure enough."
Judge Smith warned Arnold that his
confession might be used against him, and
he said nothing further. The examination
of the young robbers for holding up Mrs.
Curtis was set for December 11. and In the
Fritzlnger case for December 13.
ARNOLD CONFESSES TO
HOLD-UP IN COURTROOM
HAT WARDS, Dec. 3.— George Baxter,
for many years a resident of Haywards,
died suddenly this morning in Riverside,
where he had gone two weeks ago with
his son-in-law. His only relative is his
daughter, Mrs. E. K. Strowbrldge.
Death of George Baxter.
OAKLAND, Dec. 8. — The commission
men of Oakland, now located on Eleventh
street, between "Washington and Frank
lin, have under consideration a proposi
tion to move their places of business to
Adams* wharf. It is proposed to build
a large shed there so that produce can
be unloaded directly from cars and boats,
thereby saving several handlings.
Commission Hen May Move.
Licensed to Many.
OAKLAND, Dec. 3.— A license to marry
has been issued to John Antrim Stoneu, 25,
and Hattle Maxfield. 24, Oakland. .
SALEM, Or., Dec. 3.— In the city election
to-day the Citizens! ticket was successful,
defeating the Republican ticket. S.' P.
Bishop was elected Mayor.
Republican Ticket Defeated.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 3.— Judge F. M. An
gellottl is quite ill. Ho was unable to pre
side on the Superior bench to-day.
. . m
Judge Angellottl . HI.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 3.— Jacob Sharer,
one of Marin County's oldest and wealth
iest citizens, died at his home in this city
to-day He was unmarried and leaves an
estate of more than $100,000. He was over
76 years of age and a native of New York
State.
Death of Jacob Sharer.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec 8.
City Councilman Frank K. Mott has
leaped into the ring of municipal turmoil.
Mr. Mott cays flatly that the time of the
Mayor, the City Attorney and the City
Engineer should not be taken up with
place hunters, but with their legitimate
duties, and he wants the charter amend
ments carried to avoid this trouble in the
future, Mr. Mott says:
The present city charter method of constitu
ting the Board of Public Works has proven to
be unsatisfactory after nearly six yean of
trial, and I desire to call attention to iom«
speciflo details relating to the situation In
municipal affairs, which may have escaped
general observation or "not have been closely
studied and understood by our citizens.
First let me repeat, however, that proposed
amendments Nos. 1, 2, 3 and 4, to be voted upon
at the speoial election next Saturday, are de
signed to divorce from the present duties of
the Mayor, City Attorney and City Engineer
their control of the patronage departments of
the city government; 1. e., the Police and Fire
departments, and to (among other things) es
tablish a commission, diFtlnct and separate
from all others, which shall In future wholly
direct those two departments. Also to re
habilitate the Board of Public Works a* purely
as the executive arm of the City Council, thus
restoring to the board the functions designed
for It by the freeholders' who formulated our
charter, with this exception: That the Board
of Public Works shall no longer be hampered
in its duties by having to constantly wrestle
with the subject of "patronage" or "spoils."
Let me ask the voters of Oakland: Do they
desire a Mayor who shall have time to attend
to the many duties of the chief executive of
the city, as provided In the charter originally,
or do they desire a Mayor harassed by th«*
increasing cries of the spoilsmen — his tim« oc
cupied In listening perhaps to the complaints
of rival cliques In this or that department; his
duties as executive officer necessarily neglected,
and his energies spent In fruitless attempts
to smooth the path to preferment of some
clamorous, petty place-seekerT
Is it not about time our city charter should
provide In terms that the Mayor should be the
city's chief executive, as originally designed
by the charter, and only that?
And are the citizens of Oakland desirous of
having the city's grave legal interests and dif
ficulties, present and prospective, constantly
Increasing In importance as they are, attended
to by the man they elect City Attorney, or do
they desire him to be handicapped eighteen
hours out of the twenty-four adjusting the
relative merits of two or more applicants for
a hosecart-drlver's Job or sitting In conference
night and day to decide whether some patrol
man was asleep "on watch" or not?
Is It not about time that Oakland should be
entitled to the legal services of whoever may
be her regularly elected City Attorney, and
not that she should require or permit him to
turn his attention from such needful legal
services ?
We have a large area now within- our city's
limits,, requiring the most earnest, constant
and careful consideration from an engineering
and sanitary standpoint. Do the people hope
for betterments in sanitation? Are not prob
lems of sewering paramount to the cries of
place-hunters? Have we not miles and miles
of ungraded streets, unlaid sidewalks, gutters
and curbs? Is it not about time that the city
of Oakland's engineer should have his whole
time and attention for the study of these im
portant sanitary questions and the kindred
engineering duties appertaining rightfully to
that office?
It seems to me that when the voters under
stand the purport of the proposed amendments
which are designed to srlve the future Mayors'
City Attorneys and City Engineers an oppor
tunity • to transact their legitimate duties,
there will be practical unanimity in favor of
the adoption of amendments 1, 2, 3 and i. Let
the voters of Oakland then remove from the
shoulders of the three officials this patronage
burden, which sets like an "old man of the
sea," weighing down their energies, so that
So Says Councilman Frank
K. Mott in a State
ment. •
DISCORD IS DUE
TO THE CHARTER
dent, will be the first display ever wade
in this city of that species. The standat-1
for the runt must be: Girth, fifteen
Inches or over; length of feather; tip of
beak to end of tail twenty-two inches or
over, and tip to tip of wings forty inches
or over. There are several large lofts in
Oakland which will be represented with
a large number of magnificent birds.
Estimates are now that fully 300 dogs
win be entered to represent the prominent
kennela of Oakland, as well as- many
throughout the const. The diversity of
exhibits in all of the departments la only
equaled by the wide range ot the local
ities represented by fanciers. The com
mittees axe much gratified with the gen
eral Interest which has been manifested
In the show.
be ready for announcement Wednesday.
The poultry Judges are Henry Berrar.
J. A. Rowsell, J. R. Cory and R. J. Venn.
The cat exhibit promises to be one of
the interesting features. More than u
hundred magnificently bred felines have
been entered. Among them are seme
rare specimens of long haired varieties
and exhibits of notable house pets owned
by well known fanciers in this city an.1
San Francisco. The display will be In
charge of the California Cat Club, which
has the following named officers: Presi
dent, Mrs. R, B. Beson; vice president,
Mrs. I. Eichwald: treasurer, Mrs. Rowlin
son: secretary, Mrs. C. C. Taylor; man
ager, C. C. Taylor.
The exhibition of the American Runt
Pigeon Club, Dr. C. M. Selfridge presi-
OAKLAND, Dec. 3.— The combined
poultry, dog, pigeon, cat and Bel
gian hare show which will open
Wednesday 3t the Exposition ha3
attracted such widespread atten
tion from fanciers that the entries i:i
many of the departments already far ex
ceed expectations. The display in th-a
poultry department is particularly large.
There are in coops 1238 fowls, which are
now being Judged, preparatory to th>j
opening of the show. These include all
varieties of fowls. Including ducks, geese
and turkeys In abundance. This Is the
largest poultry exhibit ever made on the
Pacific Coast. Many of the awards will
TWO OF OAKLAND'S FINEST CATS, OF WHICH MRS. a C. TAYLOR IS THE PROUD OWNER AND WHICH ARE
TO BE FEATURES OF THE COMBINED POULTRY, DOG, PIOEON, CAT AND BELGIAN HARE SHOW AT
THE EXPOSITION.
ALLEGED SWINDLING
OF SOLDIERS REPORTED
Petty Merchants, Aided by Armv
Clerks, Said to Be Fleecing
Invalid Veterans.
Unscrupulous petty merchants, aided by
army clerks, are reported to be fleecing
Invalided soldiers who have money due
them. Several concerns are mentioned as
having employed solicitors to get Informa
tion and to prey upon the soldiers.
The basis of the operation is the official
record of each man, which, being pro
cured, gives information concerning the
coin the Government will pay him on a
certain day. With this knowledge those
who expect to realize from the unsophisti
cated soldiers know how much they can
safely trust each one. There Is a story
that they pay a regular price for the
facts. This is naturally added when the
soldier makes a purchase to the amount
charged against him.
The places thus alleged to be working
against the welfare of the soldiers and
no less against the welfare of the cJtv are
far out an Kearny street and near' the
Presidio. Men are induced to buy on cred
it, and their pay is all pledged before they
receive It. Reputable business houses are
protesting and declaring that something
must be done to prevent the outrages and
to preserve the good name of the city.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 3.
"While working at the desk he had occu
pied for twenty years Thomas L. Merrill,
receiving teller of the Contra Costa Water
Company, dropped dead ttys afternoon,
presumably from heart disease. He had
returned from lunch and had gone to his
desk only a minute before the summons
came so suddenly.
Mr. Merrill was working over his ac
counts when he suddenly clutched at his
heart, gave a moan of pain and sank to
the floor. He was borne quickly to the
president's office and Dr. Chamberlain,
who was driving by, was summoned. But
the aged clerk was dead before any relief
could be given to him.
As soon as the Coroner had been notified
and the fact made known that deceased
had long been suffering from heart trou
ble permission was given for the removal
of the body to the Merrill residence, at
1215 Brush street. Vice President Dingee
of the water company had relatives noti
fied and word was conveyed to the aged
widow, who had only a few minutes before
bade her husband good-by.
An Inquest will be necessary to deter
mine the cause of death, although there is
every evidence that heart disease was the
cause.
Mr. Merrill had resided in California for
many years, a score of which he had
spent in the water company's employ. He' 1
handled all of the receipts of the "office
from water rate payers during that time.
Deceased was 64 years of age. a native
of Maine. Besides his wife he leaves two
daughters, Mrs. Dr. Charles T. Rodolph
and Mrs. D. 8. Mathcs. The funeral ar
rangements will be made to-morrow.
Thomas L. Merrill Expires
While Working at His
Desk.
HEART DISEASE
ENDS HIS LIFE
CAL.L BUREAU, 1406 G STREET X.W..
WASHINGTON. Dec. S.— If negotiations
In progress between the powers with re-
EP#ct to China culminate in an agreement
a satisfactory solution of the Chinese
problem will be the outcome.
None of the authorities will r"i<cu.ss the
character of proposals under dlscnRSion
by- the powers, but it is ~ai3 Ih? outlook
Is mc.«t encouraging and that thi* is due
to a recent note of Secretary Hav urging
moderation in demands, especially in tiie
matter of punishment and Indemnity.
Secretary Hay is ai xiou^ th:it only <Jj- j
raand* shall fce formulated whicii China '
can comply with, and to his gratincation !
the apparent disposition on the part of all
the powers, ever. Germany, is to moderate
the severe penalties imposed by the. Min
isters In PeUing. It eeems to be certain
that none of the Chinese will be executed.
but what the punishment will be has not
yet been determined. Once the punish
ment question is cut of the way, it Is be
lieved the powers will be able to act In
harmony with respect to the indemnity
feature cf the matter, and if it be not
possible to agree this Government will
strenuously urge that The Hague Court of
Arbitration be empowered to pass upon it.
The bodies of American soldiers, sailors
1 and marines killed in China have been
*i:Elnterred and are on their way to the
United States for interment.
Quartermaster General Ludirgton re
ceived a dispatch to-day from Colonel
Humphrey, cnief quartermaster at Taku.
tajing the California sailed November 30
vith the remains of seventy-four soldiers
ar.d marines dislmored at Tientsin. Ple-
Tparg and Tangtsun. Families of the de
frayed will be permitted to receive the
b>dles if they desire, but most of them
Will be buried in Arlington.
PEKING, Dec. 3.— All the foreign envoys
bav« now heard from their Governments
:fgardlng the Joint note to the Chinese
iiienipotentiaries, and a meeting will be
rHd to-morrow. The envoys are not com
municative, but enough is known with
Kference to the objections of different
Governments to make it seem doubtful
¦that the meeting will have a satlsfactory
conclusion.
Prince Chlrsg and Li Hung Chang both
fay that they are anxiously awaiting the
demands of the powers. They declare that
China desires peace at any price commen
surate with the dignity of an independent
ration, but they point out that so lohg as
a large foreign army occupies the province
of China tne problem will be hard to
folve.
The missionaries and others who went
through the siege protest bitterly against
fir.y suggestion of leniency. They urge
particularly that those who were high in
office and were responsible for the out
rages to foreigners should be executed.
And they Insist also that a sufficient
force should be kept in China to guaran
tee order and to keep foreigners independ
ent of the Chinese, declaring that if thl.s
i? not done a repetition of the troubles is
inevitable.
LONDON, Dee. 4. — "Placards are again
hring posted." says the Tientsin -corre
spondent of the Standard, wiring Sunday,
"announcing a renewal nf the anti-foreign
1 outbreaks as imminent."
• The Shanghai correspondent of the
Morning Post says the Hankow Viceroy
told Admiral Seymour during the latter's
recent visit that the court would never
return to Pekin*. but, as the correspond
ent learns, the Nankin Viceroy holds Just
the contrary opinion.
of the Oriental
Problem May Be Near
at Hand.
HEW PROPOSALS
REGARDING CHINA
LONDON. Dec. 3.— A St. Petersburg
special says: The population of Russia
was estimated at about "5,000.000 In 1S61.
the year of the emancipation of the s'erfs.
It is now calculated to be over 136,000,000,
according to a statement published by
the Ministry of Finance. This* estimate is
obtained by addingr the calculated annual
excess of births over deaths, which is cer
tainly 2,000.000 to the total of 129.0P0.OW
given by the census of January 2S. 1S97.
which was 126.400.000 without the Grand
L>uchy of Finland, or 129.000.003 Including:
Finland. The Slavonic population Is 73 per
cent of the whole. Russians alone num
bering S6,000,000. or G6 per cent, and the
Poles 9.000.000, or 7 per cent. The total
Finnish population Is over 6,000,000 and the
J.ithunians almost reach the same figure,
numbering 5,600.000. Various Turkish peo
pies of the Volga, the Crimea, the Cauca
sus and Siberia number 11,000,000, or about
9 per cent of the whole. There are 4,000,
000 Hebrews and about a million persons
of German descent or birth.
It has so long been the fashion to de
scribe the land of the Czar as "darkest
Russia," or "starving Russia," that most
people have difficulty in realizing that
there has bf-en any progress In the em
pire duting the last forty years except In
population. An observer who Is not preju
diced readily finds proof of the contrary.
One who has open eyes is fairly over
whelmed with evidences of a forward
movement along a thousand lines.
The present period is usually described
abroad as one of Industrial stagnation.
The word crisis is frequently met with in
foreign reviews of Russian business.
What are the facts? The production of
pig: iron, usually regarded as the barome
ter of commerce and industry, has been
thus far during 1&00 more than 12.000.u00
poods greater than curing the corre
sponding period of 1899. The Russian iron
producers, however, complain of dull
times because the increase this "year has
not been relatively as large as during the
preceding years. The Increase of pig iron
production in the northern district this
year was 2u0.000 poods, or 19.6 per cent; in
-he district of the Kurils 8,800.000 poods,
or over 10 per cent, and in the southern
district 5,900,000 poods, or 7 per cent.
The Ministry of Public Instruction has
ordered the establishment of new meteor
ological stations at all Important railway
stations in Siberia and upon the shores of
Lake Baikal."
The Ministry of Railroads and Commun
ications has appropriated for the coming
year 5,000,000 rubles for new chauszes,
principally in the Caucasus. The same
authority has ordered 1000 passenger cars
for the purpose of extending fourth-cla&s
service. The movement of worklngmen
upon the Russian railways last year
amounted to 3,000,000 persons.
The great sanitarium for leprosy situ
ated at Tukkum. near Riga, has Just been
enlarged so that it is now able to accom
modate 4C5 persons.
Evidences of a Forward
Movement on Every
Hand.
PROGRESS IN THE
LAND OF THE CZAR
UNIVERSITY STUDENT ARRANGES TO BE A MEMBER OF A DIN
NER AND OPERA PARTY, AND FINDS UPON REACHING SAN
FRANCISCO THAT HE IS SARTORIALLY DISQUALIFIED.
Correct Young Man of Oakland; Manager of World-Renowned
"James Wobberts" Theatrical Combination, Misses
His Grand Opera Engagement,
OAKLAND. Dec. 3.— E. C. Thomas,
¦who 1p going to take the univer
sity students' play. "James Wob
bertf. Freshman." on the road If
he can get any one to go along,
if trying to explain why he did not keep
a dinner and an opera engagement In San
Francisco during the closing day* of the
Grau season last week. Mr. Thomas says
that it wap the fault of his tailor, but
the tailor says that it was all owing to
the anxiety of Mr. Thomas.
Mr. Thomas Is a very correct young
man. He has shone and scintillated In
university circles for a number of years,
end has been a leafier in everything: from
hnps to football. Ke knows football pad
ded troupers from the latest thing In
evening dress, and that is why he got in
to all of his trouble.
Mr. Thomas had an srrar.icement with
f ""i» friends in San Francisco to attend
a dinner and then the op^ra. He ordered
a brand-new, full-dress suit from his
tailor. It was of the latest cut ar.d fash-
Ion. an<J Mr. Thomas arranged po that he
could rush from home to the tailor's, get
his suit, take it to San Francisco, change
ar a hotel ar.d connect for his dinner and
theater party.
Everything worked well. He had the
*uit packed in a dresF-sult case, and ar
rived at his hotel room In nice time. There
he prepared to change his costume and
opened his case. In it was an overcoat
that belonged to prne one else and not a
Fign of a dress suit.
The telphone was worked violently,
and th* Oakland tailor dispatched a mes
senger boy to San Frar.ciFco with the real
cress-suit care. The boy arrived, hut Mr.
Thomas' engagement had to be canceled
for that nipht.
Thorr.as says it was all the tailor's fault
and the tailor says that Thom-is had no
tuslr.ess to pick up the wrong dress-suit
case in his hurry.
IN HIS HURRY IMPRESARIO THOMAS
SEIZES THE WRONG DRESS-SUIT CASE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 3. -
Awaiting the final result of the wound
of Edward Conway, the woman who shot
him last night, in defense of her life, is
held at "the City Prison. There Is no
doubt in the minds of the Receiving Hos
pital surgeons that the wounded man will
recover. The bullet is supposed to be
lodged in his liver, but until the patient
has regained his strength no attempt will
be made to remove the missile.
A day since the shooting has developed
nothing to contradict Mrs. Susie Con
way's explanation of the reasons she fired
the shot at the man she insists is her
husband. But she will add hothlng more
now to the story of the domestic troubles
which caused the affair. She Is anxious
to gain her freedom, and to-day efforts
were made to induce Conway to have her
come to his bedside as a nurse. But the
wounded man refused to listen to the
proposition.
"I shall have nothing more to do with
her," he said this morning.
"While Conway has not specifically de
clared himself upon the subject, the gen
eral impression around police headquar
ters Is that, unles3 he shall succumb to
the Injury, there will be no prosecution
of Mrs. Conway. The woman was in
formed that Conway had denied her
claims of .marriage to him and she re
plied vigorously that she would compel
him to publicly retract his statement on
that score.
Lines have not fallen in pleasant places
for the attractive young woman since the
tioubles several years ago that caused a
separation between herself and voung
Thomas Fitch Jr. As the girl bride of the
Fcion of the silver-tongued orator, she
v/as a belle among the young people of
East Oakland. In those days she was
remembered as Miss Susie Shaw, the
daughter of one of the prominent families
of the east side. They resided then at
Tubbs' Hotel, a society center, and there
was born the first child, the son of young
Thomas Fitch. After the separation Mrs.
Fitch went East and little was heard of
her. There were stories that she had
gone on the stage. Some two years ago
she met Conway, and they had been to
gether until the episode of last night.
They recently came here from Sacramen
to. Conway has had regular employment
at his trade of tailor's cutter, and he
claims to have well provided for Mrs
Conway and her son.
Health.
Wounded Man Refuses to Allow
Woman Who Shot Him to
Nurse Him Back to
Police Holding Mrs. Susie
Conway Until Surgeons
Shall Report.
AWAIT RESULT OF
SHOT SHE FIRED
Exhibit of- Swell Felines Promises to Be a Feature of Oakland
Show, and Among the Offerings Are Some •
Long-Haired Varieties.
NUMEROUS ENTRIES ARE BEING MADE
OF FOWLS, CATS AND BELGIAN HARES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1900.
11
UEBI&Jlkst
COMPANY'S fTT
EXTRACT
by the best P r o*ig| feu yr *»"»THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1900.
12
3II.MS G AND AS s A YI* 9;
CAPITAL wanted to develop a valuable gold
quarts mine in California, For particulars
¦ address Owner, box 557. Call offlce.
MEDICAL.
DRL ANlTmrsTdAVIES, 1223 Market-Ladies'
specialists; 32 years* practice; have treated
thousands of case* successfully: positive cure
guaranteed at offlce; ladies treated can return
home same day: HINDOO HERB home cure,
any one can use it with satisfaction: perfect-
ly harmless. Send stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 23 yrs.'
sueceesXul practice; guaranteed treatment at
offlce.- $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult, free. 942 Post st. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladies' physician;
treatment, $5; positive cure guaranteed: when
others fall consult, free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007H Market, expert on dis-
eases of women: 15 years" practice in S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $3 at offlce; have cured thou-
sanda of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1C25 Market— Ladies' spe-
cialist; cafe and sure cure, to; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladies' specialist; home
for patients. £04 Eddy st.
DR. POPPER'S treatment can be had for the
cure In his offlce at to. 323 Kearny st.
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
_advlce free. 704 Sacramento st. near. Kearny.
MISCELLAAEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS. Engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTO8H & WOLPMAN. 185-137 Fremont at
Bars, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, ntw and second-hand; we always
havs a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
S3 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In U hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017. 1019. 1021, 1023 Mission St.,
above 81xth; write for catalogue.
BUT a brand new typewriter for $3 down and
$5 oer month; write for catalogue and pries.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
St.; rentals, new machines. i3 per month.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. 216 Spear st '
6-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine,
$150; can be seen running at 823 Golden
Gate ave. %
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont st.
ONE-HORSE gas engine; can be seen working
at shirt store. 335 Valencia st
H. S. WHITE buys, sells and rents motors.
engines, mach'y, mining outfits. 516 Mission.
SECOND Rand gasoline engines; all sizes.
NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and maglo lantern goods
. bought, gold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
WILL rent full-dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for t2 50. Portland Loan Offlce. 25 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-43 Sacramento st
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
SAFES — New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
W/LTZ SAFE. 1WM11 Market »t. Ban Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
gold. Silverman. 934 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1131.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. ; tel. Jessie 141.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. 5! LT
WHITKHKAP. 1710 Market ft.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; fee us
first; you will be waited upou quietly and
quickly. Call 68-63 Donohoe bids.. 1170 Market.
AA— BKST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortage.*:
Interest in Estates
Undivided Interest in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and rlzea
nolved by HERMAN MURPHY. 63a Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will loss
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms S and 10. 908 Market st.
ANY amount at ( per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; S per cent; first,
second mortgages, estate* in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
A — $500,000 on city and country, real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals.; J. BROWNSTONE, 11 Montgomery »t
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
*t.; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc.;
no removal, no commission: strictly confi-
dential. Rm. S. Conservatory bldg., 801 Jones.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country; 6% undl-
vlded lnts; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 866 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal note.
TO salaried people without security; ail busi-
ness conadentlal. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott bid.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg Co.. 222 Sansome. rm. 2.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market st.. room L
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 83 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or in-
dorser. S F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bid.
MUSICAL nSTKUMKXTS.
INTENDING purchasers of pianos will save
money by examining the beautiful new styles
which we shall receive within the next few
days; they are the very latest in everything
and will be offered exceedingly low. MAU-
VAIS MUSIC COMPANY, 769 Market st.
THE names of pianos that you ought to select
from for your holiday present are Decker &
1 Son, Packard, Baumelster. Straube, Gilmore
and Arlington. The instruments are bound
to suit and the prices will be made to cor-
respond. We have several good second-hand
bargains. MAUVAIS. 769 Market St.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Steinway any time
•within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $5 cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell * some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter «ts., San Francisco,
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oak-
land^ .
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
ar.d retail piano house west of Chicago -
agent peerless Heine and Hallet & Davis
Boston's oldest and most famous piano and
ten other makes; pianos rented; rent allowed
on purchase.
8 Heine uprights .327
1 Mason & Hamlin 300
2 Stelnways 195
1 Chickering 16 5
1 Marshal: & Wendell g|
1 Emerson «
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st; open
evenings. ;•*
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest bmuse
west of Chicago is KOHLEP. & CHASE' S> 2«
28 and SO O'Farrell st; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy zhe
customer.
FOR sale— Elegant upright piano, 3 pedals.
7 1-3 octave. $150; or rent for $3. 342 Kearny!
A FINE new upright sacrificed on account of
departure. 815 Van Ness ave.
HIGH-GRADE 8-pedal upright piano; mu-«t be
sacrificed, leaving city. 419 Van Ness ave.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
. over & others. W. B. ALLEN A CO.. 314 Poat.
NEUMAN upright. $75; Sherwood, $33; Peek.
ilOO; other bargains. BRUENN. 20!S Poat »t
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market st.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnyer agency.
GREAT many bargains In 2nd-hand uprights;
small installments. Hornung. 21S McAllister.
SOHMER ft CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Splel-
mana and Hamilton pianos. 308 Post st.
BEST rent utock In city; new pianos; $3 per
month. SCOTT-CUr.TAZ, SM Hayea st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage: dirt cheap:
installments. Wilson's Storage. 710 Market.
MUSICAL T5STBg»EX«.
FINE list of slightly »*$'**%&£^F-"-
payments. BENJ. CXRTAZ * SON' n V o n mu -
rell st: Chickering agency: •*??**;*££*£*, ,
sic boxes; sheet music, etc.. open oat" * f
evenings. ¦ — •
A BARGAIN: must be sold; nice upright piano.
f CHMITZ. 16 McAllister st. next Hlb. Bang.
OIL.
EVERYBODY-Man. woman and child in San
Francisco and Pacific Coast, can afford to
buy oil stock, 1 cent per share. In r*S u ;* r
corporation with proven oil lands; sure in-
vestment; dividends will b« paid wltn nr»t
•well ; money be used for development purpose:!
only; derrick and caslns? now on ground: win
give free J1C00 Insurance policy, good for ona
year, with every thousand shares sold; thou-
sand shares. $10; 1C0 shares $1: only 10O.COO
shares to be sold. JUANITA OIL CO.. 500
Montgomery St.. San Fran.; agent wanted.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. S30 Pine street
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
OIL L.45DS FOR SALE.
KjORN River Oil Lanc> — Proven territory la
the well-known tract of "Grac* Oil Co." for
sale; also other oil land for sale or l?as«; most
wonderful oil field known; over 520 feet of oil
sand: buy from owners and save commissions:
have been Id field from start; will give you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON.
CARMAN & SOMES. 101 Chronicle bldg.. Saa
Francisco; 419 Douglas Block, Los Angeles;
Southern Hotel, Bakersfield.
A FORTUNE for $500— The first U. a patent
oil land on the raaricat In £Kacr» tract*: send
for map and experts' reports and particular*.
A. L. WILLEY. 918 Market St.. 8. F.
PATENTS A>D PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless snecsssfnl.
GEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Brsmlner big.
FERSO.-VAX3.
$5 O. K., WILL send othtr flra soon by reffts-
tered letter. J. J. B. B.
IF ALBERT ELSBY CARVER, who ml re-
siding in and ne.ar Vanoouver. British Co-
lumbia, during the years 1891 to 1835, and <
afterward In California, and was last htard
of in Sonora. Calaveraa County, in California,
about June. 1S36. will apply to the undersigned
he will hear of something to his advantage.
WELLS & HIND. Solicitor*. Nottingham.
England.
ACADEMIE FRANCAISB for conversation :
private and class lessons by Parisian teach-
ers; popular prices. 742 O'Farrell st
HAIR positively grown on bald heads by purely
vegetable compounds absolute proof. Call or
address DR. G. S. MOORS. 453 Geary St.. B. F.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 792:
made to order; renovated: honest work guar-
anteed: feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty: fine up-
holstery. HOPKE BROS.. Slit and 33> 11th St.
MEXICAN Hair Grower stop* the hair from
falling Immediately and restores gray hair ta
its natural color; ladies call and investigate.
Mexican Lady. 142 Sixth st
ELECTEIC light In every room— TVlncheater
Hotel. 44 Third st. near Market; TOO rooms;
Co to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to J8 per week:
free 'bsa and baggage to and from th> rerry.
SUITS to order on Installments: 113 upward; tl
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market st. be-
"* tween, Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron bed*, single, three-quarter
cr double. 13 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
FINE suits. JtO; dress pants, J3 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING- PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
MARRIAGE bureau: est 1S87: reliable and con-
ndential lists 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 708 Ellis st.
DAXICHEFF sells holiday glove orders, gocd
for gloves ready-made or to order. 121 Grant.
PRIVATE detfctlve work; reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jeeale st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. wt<s:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and
moles: trial free. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutttr.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Com Paint, the best
corn cure; 2Sc; all druggists.
SUITS to order en tasy payments. Art Tiilor-
lng Co.. 16J4 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hot*!.
OLD goM. silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENkEL. S17 Market st.
ALFREDITMS Egyptian Henna: restorer
hair to Us natural colrr: tl; at nil druggiy;-«.
PALa^STRJ .
MME. ASTRA. 309 Taylor St.. iwm 2: scientific
astrologer an.l palmist: hours 10 a.m to 7 p.m.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 313
Taylor st. r bet.Gtarv, and Post; teL.Black 181.
MME. NEERGAARD. 700 Post: tel. Hvd-* 23."C;
hourn 1 to 5 eve., and Sundty by aptKMntrr.eTt.
rHYSICIANS A.\D SLKGEO\S.
DR~~c!~crb'DONNELL— Offics and residence.
102U. Market st. between Sixth and Seventh.
PROPEUTK WANTED.
WANTED— 6 or 10 acres partly Improved good
land in a place where I can get work In
timbers, cutting logs, wood chopping or any
other work in timbers. Address F. R. WIL-
LIAMS. 831 Greenwich St.. S. F.
WANTED— Flats or any good Income property
under J10.CC0 for spot cash. SPECK & CO..
667 Market st.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR 9A»JB.
KED^llOT~BARGAINS
AT— A. M. SPECK A CO.— AT
HARD TO BEAT! HARD TO BEAT!
PRICES WILL SURELY ADVANCE.
t27E0.
5 small fiats, all rented for |31; near Market
and Ninth sts.
SSMk
4 flats near Sixth st, all rented for Ml: ooct
tSSCO; must sell.
tsooa.
Two nice flats. 2214 Fillmore it.; twain— lo-
cality; offer wanted.
J7IC0.
Down town fiats, all rented, tSl; two front*
ages; Hayes Valley.
17300.
Flats; brand new; east of Van. Vmm s.ve.;
rents $72.
»7250 INVESTED
On Tan Ness ave. produces JlOO a month ov«i>
taxes; must sell: elegant new Improvements;
this is flve times what you get la sa>vlnss
banks.'
$5030.
Rents $100; 100-ft front; near Taylor st; no
chance like It
no. a».
43-ft corner on Second st
S14.5C0.
Business property; rents $100; near s*w City
HalL
$20,000.
Corner: 60- ft front: vicinity Butter, esjat o£
Hyde; grand hotel, offlce or roomin-noos* site:
rents $107. ¦ . ¦ • .
130,000.
Rents £S5: elesrant new Improvements; 63-ft.
front; honest value.
$50.00a
44-ft front: vicinity of TItoU; old Improve-
ments; rents $200; block from Market, will
double surely in 10 years.
I75.0C*.
Grand corner: 75-ft. front: within block of
Market st; old Improvements: rents t*K>; with-
in block of Hale's; worth $100, COO.
$100,000. .
Here is 10 per cent net: on a corner TO-ft.
front: guaranteed lease a years; building better
than the Palace Hotel or no sale. *
NOTICE— No time for triflers. Cash talks ra
our offlce. Try us.
Money to loan, « per cent, lncradtnx taxes.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6S7 Market st
$5600 EACH— Two elegant S-story dwellings,
containing 9 rooms and bath. Just finished,
on the east side of Masonic ave.. S blocks
south of Haight st Owner on premises, 152*
Masonlo ave.
MODERN houses built: lowest prices: plans and
estimates furnlaheu. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
OWNERS of property in the Potrero that wish
to sell. call. on W. J. OUNN. 530 California
street. S. F. Savings Union bulMlny.
IF you have property north of the Park and
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
GUNN. 530 California »t.
HEAL ESTATE COCXTRY— -For Sale
ACCURATE*ltnowle'1g-e, each of the 1000 ranch-
es on my sale and exchange list— more than
all other agents in city: state what's wanted.
N. D. SICKELF. the Land Agent. 8 Geary »y
FOR sale— In Santa Clara Valley. 13 acre*
choice strawberry lnnd. with flowing well.
Address box 5. Los Catos. Cal.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. sell.-* and
exchange* farm«. city property: printed lists.
REAL ESTATE TO K.XCHA.NGK.
FOR exchange— Only 2 blocks from University
grounds: an id»al boerdinxr-house of 13 rooms.
In thorouehly good condition: will exchange
equity fcr country property. Apply to MA-
PON & McLENATIIEN. adjoining P. O,
Berkeley station.
NEW -cttage. 6 rms.. bath: lot 60x100: Mission;
rental te-ms: and vaoant lfit«. 4'.J K»s»mv «r.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.'
AUMEDA REAL ESTATE. _^
|1S5»-NEW cottagTof 5 rooms; lot 45x1^ v^3
r£mf $yo 00mS - r - m termS - Xew *£ >*
If you want to build, buy. sell or exeh*-,^.
property call on J. H. YOUNG. liaPark^u
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— A position as cashier for a travel-
ing theatrical company by a man with $100;
can furnish good references. Address box
614. Call office.
EXPERIENCED salesman wants position in
general merchandise store or in toy or sta-
tionery department of department store; best
of references. Box 607. Call offlce.
BARBER — Young man. 25. first-class workman,
desires steady . situation, city or country,
where services will be thoroughly appreclat-
ed. Address Box 455. Call.
HEALD'S Business College graduate wants
position as bookkeeper, assistant bookkeeper
or clerk; best of references; must have work.
Box 667, Call.
ENGINEERS— Younc man with 2 years' ex-
perience with Ball engines (one year as as-
sistant, one year on gas engine and last year
tending dynamos) wants position. Box 5S5,
Call offlce.
GENTLEMAN'S nurse, strong, healthy, many
years experience, wants employment; city or
country; will travel with patient; good rof-
erences. Box 554, Call offlce.
MILKERS, separators and flrst-class cheese
and butter makers want work: city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California, 526 Mont-
gomery st.
YOUNG colored man would like a position as
cook; can give reference. G. W. P.. Golden
Eagle Hotel, room 10. Sixteenth st.. Oakland.
YOUNG man desires position as bookkeeper or
assistant; references. Box S83, Call. office.
AN experienced accountant and bookkeeper
wishes work at moderate pay; good corres-
pondent and typewriter. Box 670. Call office.
A YOUNG stationary engineer wishes employ-
ment; strictly temperate. J. W., 140 Seventh.
SITUATION wanted by a flrst-class dairyman
on a private place as milker and to make
butter; can furnish references. Address box
E1S. Call office. '
CARPENTER and cabinet-maker; single man;
looks for steady position; Pullman P. Car Co.
ref. Adr. H.Q., San Rafael. P. O. box 877.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and lubjcrlptions
recelvej at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmnre nt.
; EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt
FLATS TO LIST.
100 iiOUSEs'AXD^LATS TO RENT^ SPECK
& CO.. 667 MARKET ST.
1308 Golden Gate, u. 1913 Devlsadero, u.
f., 8 r $50 f.. 7 r $21
1519 O'Farrell. l.f.,7r.$S3 1408 Pacific, u f., 5r.$16
1560 Fell, u. f.. 8 r..$35 1606 Page, u. f., 3 r..$15
192 Tremont ave., u. 331 Eddy. m. f.. 4 r.$20
f.. 7 r T28
Flats wanted to rent; guarantee B days.
BARGAIN— $16; sunny 6 rooms Just renovated;
bath, dresser. 1312 Green St.. near Polk.
IF you want to move get printed list fla.t» to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NATOMA, 714— Flat of. 4 rooms, yard and cel-
lar; rent $10; no children.
BUNNY flat 5 rooms; thoroughly renovated.
Corner Nineteenth and Hartford sts., between
Castro and Noe.
THREE sunny rooms to let at 343 Tehama
street
TO let— Flat of 4 rooms and bath; rent $14.
131 San Carlos ave.
$7 — (-ROOM flats on Victor St.. off Bryant, bet.
7th und 8th. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant.
$13 — FLAT of 5 rooms. 549 Stevenson St., oppo-
site New Postofflce.
$25— BAY-WINDOW; newly renovated: modern;
7-room: bath. 1C25 Clay St.. near Polk.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for Jl,
postage paid.
Ft'KMTUKII FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 8 roomT7o7"Ia7e~7o7~$150 ; 5
rooms rented. Call between 2 and 4 p. m.,
815% Geary St. j
ELEGANT quarter-sawed oak bedroom suite
to private party; bargain. Box 1792. Call.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $4$ 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
Ft'HMTVllK AV ANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets, i
pianos, etc. 11S5 Market st. : tel. Jessie 7S1.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354. '
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1S05 Larkln: tel. Polk 691.
furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry &. Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
\ HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISa
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitresses for Los Angeles, $20; 6 first-class
waitresses, city. $20: waitress, Sacramento,
$23; waitress, Petaluma, $20; 2 waitresses,
new railroad eating-house, Arizona, $20, free
fnre; 10 waitresses, different country hotels,
I2C; 3 chambermaids to wait. $20; woman
cook, $30.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housegirl, small family, all grown, Antloch.
$20; housegirl. middle' aged, Nevada. $20;
housegirl. nice place. Oakland. $20, $25: Swed-
ish, housekeeper, Nevada, $20; second girl,
Berkeley, $20; nurseglrl. care of 3 children,
in hotel. $20; 3 nurseglrls, $10, $12 and $15:
many others. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
NURSEGIRL, care of 2 children; nice home;
references. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
LAUNDRESS. J25; second girl, $25; 4 cooks. $30
each; nurse girl. $20; waitress, $20: house-
girl, 130. Apply MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
TAILORESS as finisher on pants. 5« Kearny
St., room IS. top floor. ¦
A LADY lroner and repairer; $1 50 per day.
Golden Gate Dye Works. 1421 Point Lobos av.
GIRL to do light housework and assist In store.
Call 1 to 4. 40S Hayes gt.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do cooking. 330
Main st. •
A, GIRL for light second work and care for
child 0 years old. Apply morning, 1815 La-
guna gt.
GIRL to assist In light housework; 1 child;
call after 10. 1514 Vallejo st.
WANTED— A flrst-class girl to work on coats;
933 Market St., room 1.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 833
O'Farrell at. '
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 114
Devlsadero at
A YOUNG girl to mind 2 children and assist
in light housework; a good home and good
wages; call between 10 and 12. 322 29th st.
A GIRL to assist in operating and also ap-
prentlce girls on coats. 126 Russ st.
GIRL for general housework. 1611 Scott st.
GOOD girl wanted to assist in general house-
work. 731 Green st, near Mason.
WANTED— Lady to address and distribute cir-
culars; apply In store. 206 Fifth st.
OPERATORS on shirts; best pay. BRENNER,
ULMAN CO., 19 Battery st.
WANTED— 2 waitresses, 10 housework girls, 4
housekeepers. 1 Italian housework girl, coun-
try. Plaza Employment Offlce, 626 I et, Sac-
ramento. Cal. •
WANTED— Immediately, to qualify for vacanoy
by January 1, sharp business woman; state
age, experience and "former employers. Box
696. Call offlce. '
WANTED— Experienced hands on ladles' silk
and woolen waists. S. F. Mfg. Co., 409A
Turk st.
FINISHERS wanted on pants; good salary. J.
KIRSHBAUM. 407 Stevenson St.. between
Fifth and Sixth. '
WANTED— A lady as companion and assist In
housework; a good home and fair pay for the
right party. Call after 2 p. m. at 116 Taylor.
WANTED— Operators on ladies' wrappers and
waists to work in factory; also take work
home; good pay; steady work. . MARKS
BROS.. 1212 Market st.
OPERATORS and flnlshers on gents* white
shirts; steady employment. 535 Valencia st
GIRLS wanted to' work. Call Philadelphia
Manufacturing Company, 433 Seventh st
WANTED— A flrst-class finisher on custom
pants; steady work. 411H Kearny at.
OPERATORS on shirt waists and children's
wear. BAUER BROS. CO., 21 Sansome st.
FINISHERS on vests: steady work; good pay.
BELASCP & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st
GIRLS for housework; good pay. Pacific Em-
ployment Agency. 9 Gesry: ph. Black 3719.
EXPERIENCED bookfolders and apprentices
wanted. Bookblndery. 536 Clay, st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and-
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia Et. . -
HELP WANTED-3IALE.
A s61^ITOR^~wliit^d^for^G^lid7n~Gate"^ye
Works, 1421 Point Lobos ave. ; • -
YOUNG man to learn the barber trade; terms
reasonable. 721 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Elderly man to do chores. 1012
Battery st
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
A— DELICACY store; business location: call at
onoe. COWING & CO.. 719 Market Bt
A — BRANCH bakery, home kitchen, notions,
cigars: bargain. COWING & CO.. 713 Market.
A— RESTAURANT; heart city; money-maker;
come quick. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st
A FINE corner grocery and bar: best location;
come at once. COWING & CO.. 718 Market.
A PLUMBING shop; good location; come at
once. COWING & CO., 719 Market gt
A— PARTNER wanted in rood hotel. COWING
& CO.. 719 Market st.
A— SALOON; water front: a enap this day.
COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
FOR «ale— On exceptional terms, a complete
printing plant, suitable for printing a seven
double-ooiumn paper: plenty ot type and other
aece-RsorlPS. For further particulars address
M. F. WALSH. Castrovme. Cal.
WELL-EQUIPPED plating plant doing splen-
did business. $S0O: worth $1500; sickness com-
_x-ls quick sale. Box 4?8. Call offlce.
JiOO— STATIONERY store; clean stock and fix-
ture?; good location. Address box 532. Call.
RESTAURANT ; good paying place; cheap
rent; full Investigation allowed. 3C9 Hayes.
FINE chance for shoemaker; old stand to let
ch^ap. 3261 Twenty-fourth Et.
FAMILY Jersey cow, 10 dozen handsome pul-
lets. SE8 Pennsylvania ave.
PAPER routes in country town for sale. Box
C34. Call.
SALOON at half its value to-day; good busi-
ness. 209 Poet st. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1031
Vclencla st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR. SALE.
MONET loaned on lodging .house*, 1H p. c;
anything you want in lodging-houses; s'mpls;
87 rooms on Powell St.; rent $175: price. .$1900
IS rooms on Geary St.; rent $65: price.... 1050
15 rooms on O'Farrell St.; rent $65; price.. 750
20 rooms on Mleeion St.; rent ISO; price.. 1100
16 rooms en Howard et. ; rent $25; price.. 750
For <julck sales list your houses with A. L.
WILLEY. 916 Market et.; phone black £215.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers. attention— Good-
paying houBn; sizes, prices and locations to
meet your desires; honest value guaranteed;
money loaned buyers; titles searched by a»j
regular Fearcher; your interests protected. All
this and mnnv choice investments you will
find at BCHWEINHARD, Keal Estate Office,
rooms 1-2, No. 817 Market St.
A—ALL the latest bargains come to ua; from
5 to yo moms, fttS to $25,000; 1000 houses to
choose from; fair and honest treatment;
soir.e flrst-cl«ss family hotels in all locations;
we assist you half the purchase money; cash
or easy terms. HAYES & WILSON, S3S Mar-
ket st (The Elite). .
A— 22-ROOM house; central J1000
20-room house; first-class 1060
11 -room house; $475; 6-room flat S25
20-room house; Eddy; rent $75: only 900
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market St.
SNAP— 11 'rooms, furnished; clears $25 per mo.;
only 1125. FISHER & CO., 1C32 Market at.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. room 1; free list;
over 500; all sires and prices; please call.
$SO0 — BARGAIN: lodging-house of 26 rooms;
clears $S0 month; easy work. Inquire Call.
SIXTH. 2t3— A furnished house of 9 rooms for
sale.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for JL
postage paid.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGOXS.
COLUMBUS BUGGY CO.. clearance sale; low
wheel, rubber tire, road wagon, $M); other
styles at proportionately low prices; suitable
Xmas presents. Markt. nr. 9th.. opp. St. Nich.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness, I
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission &t. |
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, fcr sale cheap. 5"2 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness. wcrk & driving horses. 15th & Valencla.
SlUItlTl'ALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, wcrld-renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated:
mining a specialty; cirs. Sun.. Wed.. Frl. ev's; ;
come and be convinced. Permanently located j
613 E<Jdy Et.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test, business me-
dium and life reader; also medical clairvoy-
ant: treats all <l!peaEes at offlce or by letter:
Bit tinge. $1. 1164 O'Farrell St.: take ElUs car.
MRS. RTODDARD'S truly convincing tests. \
Vk; TueF.. Thurs. and Sunday, 8 p. m. 278
Ninth Et.; sittings.
MEDIUMS' Protective Assn.: entertainment
and dance to-nieht. 903 Market St.; 10 cents, j
MRP. HARLAND'S circle to-night; articles i
read, 10c; prophetic readings. 50c, tl. 14S Sixth, j
MRS. VIOARS" tept meeting. 10c; sittings: ;
ladiee "5c. gents T.Oc: this week only. 14S 6th. j
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night J
305 Larkin St.; 10c: come, skeptics. "|
EARLE'S seance to-night. Corner Ellis and j
Taylor sts. I
MRS. BIRD. 23S Taylor st.; test circle to-night; j
also Thursday evening; readings daily.
MRS. DUNHAM. 14 McAllister st. rccm 3o;
circles 2 and S p. m ; sittings daily.
MRS. LESTER. 1033 Market, room 1— Circle to-
night, 10c; developing circle Wednesday eve. ;
MRS. GILSON, 614 Jessie, nr. "•h— Circles Tues., !
Thurs.. Sun.. 8 p. m.; sit. daily. $1; upstairs. I
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 112^ Oak I
St.: readings, $1; hours, 9 a. m. to 4 p. m. j
FDW. EARLE. slate writer, removed 3C0 Ellis,
cor. Taylor; Sunday night. Pythian Castle.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 148 Eddy 8t.
MRS. DR. WEST returned; trance medium and
magnetic heak-r. 906 Market st., room 22.
"CONSULT Watson." 1ES1 MV.t. Bt.. nr. 12th;
medium, clairvoyant, psychic, palm.; 50c, $1.
MRS. HARRISON— Medium, test, readings;, see !
her cir. Tues. Thurs.. Sun. £58 Mission st. j
| FRIENDSHIP Hall. 325 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
M»yer. sittings; convincing te^ts to-xiicht; lCc
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trancs
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar- |
ket St.. corner of Golden Gate ave.. room 25 j
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction !
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for pamph-
let with special tfrms.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card j
reader, born with double veil — second sight; j
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 53c. j
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit $1 DO. 128 Turk, j
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmiFt, permanently located 1148 Market.opp.
6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed: £5c up. 17 Third Et, next Examiner.
MRS. E. SANDERS. £14 Taylor St., near Geary
— Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladles' circle Thurs., 2 p. m. ; Frl., 8; cir. 25c.
REMOVED— The great inspirational card read-
er; price 20c nnd EOc: hours 10 a. m. till 9 r>.
m. MADAME VAN BERGEN. 228 Fulton st
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist, palm-
ist and card reading. 25c. 1241V. Market st
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant. w.i-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. HANSON, palmistry car reader; past,
present, future; 2.1c. 148 Sixth St., room 14.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me.
dium; 23c up. 823 Mission el., nr. 4th; ring bell.
GYPSY; genuine clairvoyant; located 10 days 114
Turk St.; ladles, 25c; gents, 50c. "Frawley."
.MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist rmd card reader, 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MME. RUTH, wonderful card clairvoyant, has
returned; fee 25c and 50e. 70S Ellis et
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings ' daily. 44SH Jessie st
MRS. K. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny st.. rooms 8-10.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names irlven: 2Se up. S Fourth st.
CARPET IIBATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 3S3-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
STANDARD. 31S Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
! kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpets cleaned,
! 8c yd.; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
• CARPET8 cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c,
STRATTON'S. » Eighth et ; tel. Jessie 944.
1 J. B. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. ;40 Fourteenth st; tel. Mission 74.
' CITY Bteam Carpet-Beat!n_r Works, g! hT
STEVENS, mgr.. S8-40 8th St.: tel. South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Euttcr Bt;
tel Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'C Carpet-Beating Works. S23 <iolden
nut* avo.: tH-nhone Ka«t l?fi. \
CHIROPODISTS. .
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless; consul'n free. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FURNISHED cottage. 4 rooms; rent flL 1628
Devlsadero st. near Butter.
FOLSOM, 2326 — Cottage, 7 rooms and bath;
large yard.
DENTISTS. . ~ "
AY7h^iEL*ECTRb^DENTAirclLfN^c71oTl^
ket bt., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns
S3 DO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of- !
flee hours, 9 a. in. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
jerience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed;* lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
I A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings, 50c -
crowns, $? B0; plates, full set. J5; all work
rainless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old platas made over like new; teeth '
from JS per set; extracting, DOc; gas given.
"MAIN Offlce" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain,
DR. A. L. Simpson, 1206 Marltet st. ; expert ex-
tractor; crown & bridge work. 9 a-m. to 8 p.m.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full get of teeth. $4; crowns, %l; fillings, 25c
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
da-s. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk St.
LOWEST prices in S. F.; painless extraction,
gn<\ New York Dentists. SSQ Mlmlon. cor. 6th.
DEPILATORY.
O. C. C— A Harmless liquid for permanently
remorlng superfluous hair; will not irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skin; agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag'cr. 4M Ellis.
DRESSMAKERS AKD SEAMSTRESSES
. McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School-
I patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st. !
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat- :
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor A MofTatt. ;
DRESSMAKING; reasonable .rices; dresses ,
made over; perfect fit. SS7 Geary st. :
EDUCATIONAL.
MONSIEUR and Madame de Loery. from Paris,
have opened a studio at 742 O'Farrell st. for
voice placing, correct breathing, tone produc-
tion, artistic singing. Italian method, solo-
ists and duetists for concerts and church,
oratorio, opera; also parior entertainers.
GALLAGHEK-MAKSH Collese. Parrott Bldg.— ;
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter; teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course. t50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
6. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; ' day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— MADEMOISELLE HELEN CLARKE, pupil
of Genevieve Stebblns and Ilerr Bandman,
coaches pupils for the Bta_»e. teaches Del-
sarte and society training. 408 Golden Gate
avenue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for ¦ the university, law and medical
colleges ; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st; day !
and evening; Individual instruction, JS per
month; life scholarship. $50; bookkeeping, '
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping a
ehort time with expert Tarr, T20 Parrot bldg.,
he would not: be wise.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy; !
lessons by mail: acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course thlj
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market et.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mining.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : da». eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 333 Market.
! PIANO; history of music; German; French: tS
per month.. Y. M. C. A. bldg.. fifth floor.
MUNSON. School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
, ing. Spanish. 137 Monfy. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio.
i violin. »rultar. mandolin, banjo. 1S3C Eddy st.
; ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine gt.
• ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, wrltlnij.
i etc.. dar or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
i CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
I Call. 16 pacs, prnt to any address in the
j United States or Canada one year for $1,
i poRtace paid;
I EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
| A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
j tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
j 421 Post St.. near Powell: telephone Bush 1J5.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. ; »st
I 1S70: practical recommend: try them; removed
• to 413 Devlradero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce;
; best help. S26 O'Farrell st. : tel. Hyde 2191.
j A B C EMPLOYMENT Offlce; Chinese. Japan- i
I ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601. |
j RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
. j flee; all kinds help. 815 Stockton: Main 61S8.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce — Best help
f urn.;. domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
j ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce
Best help. 411>4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
, I WANTED by a lady of great business ability
i i a position as collector a few hours dally; the
very highest references furnished. Box 603
Call offlce. . '
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work by the
! day; best of references. Address 1117% Fol-
lom st.
COMPETENT- woman wants work by the day;
i will wash some flannels; no windows; $1 2S;
; j S to 6. Address box 610, Call offlce.
i RELIABLE woman wishes to do housework; Is
a good cook and bread maker; willing to do
any kind of work. Please call 79 Jessie st.
I j GOVERNESS desires engagements; English
; I branches: French; German: music; city ref-
j erences. Apply by mall. MISS S.. 1737 Green.
RESPECTABLE woman with a girl 5 years of
i age wishes housework in private family or
chamber work In rooming house; references;
no trlflers; wages $10. 744 Howard st.
; FIRST-CLASS colored cook wishes situation
in city; meat and pastry; best Eastern refer-
ences. MRS. MURRAY. 1006 Clay st.
2 SWEDE girls wish general housework. 1108
! De Haro St.
• WOMAN of experience wishes place as Beam-
' stress and chambermaid. Box 608, Call.
WOMAN wishes housework by the day. Ad-
dress box C, Call branch, 300 Hayes Bt.
, A GOOD seamstress wishes pome engagements
to make children's clothes; 75c a day. 231 11th.
. A YOUNG girl. 15 year*, wants to assist in
light housework. 33 Juniper St., oft Folsom.
. MAN, and wife as nurse or stewardess, sewing
maid or housekeeper ; understands driving;
very fond of children. Address No. 3 Seventh.
: A RESPECTABLE woman wants a- situation
' as working housekeeper; no triflers. Box
CIS, Call office.
' SITUATION wanted by neat young girl as
chambermaid; assist with children; can give
, good reference. Call or address SS Francis
st.; Mission road and China ave.
• WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to Jl 60 night. $1 50 to »
• week; convenient and respectable; free "bus
i and baggage to and frcm ferry.
. CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st
. A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
i Fubscrtptlons has been established at 1094
Valencia st.
KM PI-OYM KXT WAX TK 1>— M A LK.
; I WILL pay 125 to any one* who procures for
me a situation as assistant bookkeeper, col-
lector. Janitor or night or day watchman; by
a middle-aged German with good references
Address box Gil, Call offlce.
¦ A YOUNG sober man wishes work around pri-
vate place; is a painter by trade and handy
¦with tools; wages no object. Address p
box 615. Call offlce.
' A RESPECTABLE elderly man wants em-
ployment in offlce, store, factory, elevator or
Janitor; willing to be useful: good penman:
wages no object: good references. Box 616
• Call offlce. '
BARKEEPER— First-class man desires posi-
tion; city experience; best references. Box
i 612. Call office. - . .' .
I SECOND hand on cakes wants situation. 1133
Folsom St.
. BY an Englishman, a position as janitor or
housecleaner; 15 years' experience. 107 Berry
st. near Third. •
§AX FRANCISCO CALL.
BCELNKS3 OFFICE of The San Francisco
CsH. corner of Market and Third streets; open
cntll Q o'clock every nlgtit In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:50 p. ra.
tOO Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. ra.
«S9 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Lerkla street: open until 9:33 p. m.
IM1 Mivslon «tre*t: open until 10 p. m.
2181 Market street, ccrner Sixteenth; ep*a
cntll t p. ra.
It* Eleventh street; open until * P- m -
JOS* Valencia etreet: open until f p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
turky Ftrr>tts: open until 9 p. m. -
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Charter No. 5. R. A. M.. •
wlU meet THIS (TUESDAY) E,\ K>—^f\-
ING, I'co. 4. at 7:30 o'clock. Stafd J±^.
.meeting and R. A. degree. By order/^ >
of the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sea
GOLDEN Gate Lodce No. 30. F. and *
A. M-— Annual meeting THIS (TUES- J\
DAT) EVKX1.VO, tt 7:30 o'clock. Elec-JSTT
lion of officer*. ' *
EDWIN L. METER. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. ¦
121 Eddy «.— Annual stated mectir.g,#V_
THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Elec- J%J\
tlon of officers.
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lofire No. Mi. F. and A. •
M.— Stated ar.d annual meeting THIS _/\_
< TUESDAY) DVEMNG at £ o'clock. J£j\
A- 6. HUEBARD. Sec /^T >
OFTTCERS and xo«jab«r» of Pa^ <«_*ii_i_«^
c'.S; I^ocjre No. US. I. O. i>. F., •§£«__SS$= :
are hereby notified to meet at ou»-
lodgerooia TUESDAT. December X -W^
< ax 1:SO p. in., to attend the funeral of our
late brother SOLOMON HARRIS.
FRANK P. AEHVVOBTH, N. Q.
FRANK B. McBETH. Secretary.
MAGNOLIA Lo<2« No. 2>, L O. O. oi.^ix
F — Electica of officers and initls- _«_>»2£>eAJ
tion THIS (TUESDAT) EVEN- %g_g5£*»
INO. Please attend. ™" w '
J. T. JONES, K. Q.
EAMTTL POIACK. Secretary.
PARKER Lodgs No. 124, L O. O. -g^&fe,.
F.— Initiation ar.i election of cf fl- f_»i_£c__i
c*:» Till* EVENING. "^53^
A. A. FRISPLAN'DCR, N. Q. 'w*2-
CALIFORNIA Lod^e No. X L O.
O. T. — ilcrr.t-TS will meet la=3vt2K&S
Covenant Hall. WEDNESDAY.
L*e. E. at LSI d. m., to attend
the funeral cf our late brother. W. JL
ALLET. J. EL HANSEN. N. G.
XVANHOE Lod*re No. E. K. of P.. will a?
confer the Knight Rank CLong form) Tft.
WEDNESDAY. Dec. 5. 1900, at Pyth-3N<sK*
Ian Ccstle. SCS'** Market »t., at S.30 j&Xm
p. m. Members of sister lodges cordially in-
vited. M. N. BIUDEES. C. C.
O. NORCROSS. K. of R. and S.
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society-<-Mem- *
ters of the above named society are
hereby notified to attend their quar- §3cT5_V¥
t-rly mating WEDNESDAY EVEN- S£_8K
ING. Dec. 5. lXW. at 7:!0 o'clock **S r *'
tharp. Nomination of officers and eecond
reading of amendments will take place. By
order of J. L. RADOVICH. Pres.
AUG. MIKULICH. R#c. Secretary.
EERVLOC - MONTENEGRIN ll ?
and B. Society — All officers and jiHfc)
ir.enibers of lie alxjve Boclety are _J"**T*^
hereby notified to attend their SSSc^T^J
regular monthly and nomination gA«*5»fl_3
meeting WEDNESDAY EVEN- Rj8S»\S
ING, D*c. £. 1S0C', at 7:S0 o'clock, C/j{33Sh3
at &09 Market Et., to nominate V&iSJSSSy
new cfScers fcr the ensuing X>__i*'
year C1S01). By order of ""
M. K. TASOVAZ. President.
PPIRO S. VUCO3AVLIEVICH. Sec.
ATTORXEVS AT LAW.
R. VT. KING. S27 Market st_. €th floor, room 427
— Estates, damages. attachments, bankruptcy.
collections; all cases; fair fees; no advance
charges; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. O. IV.
HOWE, atty at law, S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
I. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst blfig.. Third and
Market ets.; phone Red K€I.
ADVICE free; no charpe unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 917 Market £t.. opp. Mason.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. K7 Mar-
ket tt.; consultation free; no Jees In advance.
AGENTS WASTED.
SSOO TO V. '<• per month: men or women; salary
or cogim'BEion. '.'21 Market St.. room 615.
ASritALTLM ROOFING.
f. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. m6 Minion; teL F&ltom ltiO7.
ASTROLOGY. ~~~
DR. C. TOUSEY TATL^R7^ci«i«fir^6^rolo^
*r«r— Free copy "The New Moon." 7€5 Market.
BATH CABIXETS.
ROBINSON, Niagara, Perfection and others. W
6. BKOWN CO.. agency. 4« Ellis St.. S. F.
UOAKDI.VG FOR CUILDUE.V.
NURSE, having sunny cottage, BerkeleyTwlsh^'
et infants ar.d children to board. Box 551. Call.
BCSIXESS CHAACKS.
iZ~<Q— COFFEE and lunch parlor on one of the
best streets in citv; doing good business. R.
G. WILKE. 26'^ Kearny st.
A— OYSTER depot; price S1X.Q; place doing a
large business, mostly wholesale, cash trade-
' not le« than £50 profit per month; fullest in-
vestigation solicited. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. £6H Kearny st.
A— $700; SALOON and lunch house; surrounded
by wholesale houses and machine shops; es-
tablished years; r«-nt $30; splendid offer. Call
K. G. WILKE, 2C4 Kearny Bt.
A— $750; ONE-HALF Interest in good paying
restaurant on Kearny st. : a first-class prop-
osition for the right parts'. R. G. WILKE.
26'-x Kearny et.
A— 17500; SALOON near Chronicle building; es-
tablished jears and known as one ot the
leading places of the city. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26S Keamy Bt.
A— 91200; CORNER grocery and bar; one block
eouth of McAllister St.; rent 145; 4H years
lease; owner has two more places of busi-
ness and must sell one; stock will Invoice
the price. Call R. G. WILKE, 26 fr Kearny.
A— 12000; RESTAURANT and coffee parlor on
Kearny St.. near Chronicle building; rent $125;
business clearing $200 and above per month;
owner engaged otherwise: compelled to Bacri-
fice. Call It. G. WILKE. X\* Kearny st.
A— $350"; CORNER liquor bar; established 49
years; located near Chronicle building; 3
years' lease; daily receipts about $50; one of
the best paying bars in this city. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26'j Keamy gt.
A — CORNER butcher chop on Howard st. ; do-
. ing a first-class paying cash business; must
. sell at once; ownf>r going in cattle buying.
R. G. WILKE. 2C». Kearny et.
A— IlKiO; BAKERY, corner. In Western Add.;
ettab. many years; 4 horses, wagon, ttc; bak-
ing 4 barrels per day; .", living rooms, bath;
rent $S0; £ years' lease; death of owner cause
Of sale. R. G. WILKE. 2g',_ Kearny St.
A— LIVERY Ftable; established nearly 10 years;
located where :u patronage is of the best,
both in letting and boarders; paying now a
handsome net Income; horses, hacks car-
nages and harness are first class. For par-
ticulars call cr address M. V. THOMPSON
room 210. Safe Deposit building.
A— COAL, hay er.d grain business, established
over 15 year*; one of the best locations In
the city; paying now over $7 per day above
all expenses. For particulars call or address
M. F. THOMPSON, rm. S10. Safe Deposit bl"
A— GENUINE BARGAIN in a fine cash paying
CTOcery and bar business, with 12 nicely fur-
nished dwelling rooms Included: good busl-
r.-»t location; rent only $40; given away for
or.lr »750. M. A. BROOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— A cood tenant for^ grand corner
rtore and basement with fixture* suitable for
grocery business ; special Inducements. Ad-
ply SPECK & CO.. C67 Market st.
BARGAIN— Bakery and branch; store trade of
C barrels a day; $1200. Apply at once to Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market st.
|70»— % int. In plumber business, established 10
years; eplendid opportunity for a mechanic-
eickness cause of sale. Lane & Co., 8G5 Mrku
IF you have anything to sell or exchange see
E. J. LUNDIN. S35 Mcrket st.
S830— REST At'RAKT; near Market : clearing J2D0
mo.; party S years In place. BASILE. 8 Eddy.
JllOO FOR grocery and bar; NE. corner Twen-
ty-fourth and Alabama ets. ; great bargaln-
lrn-estlgate; must be sold at once; owner
obliged to leave on other business New York.
CHEMIST of wide experience in manufactur-
ing will furnish Instructions for makinr
anything desired. Chemist, box B4€, Call.
COFFEE and chophouse at a sacrifice: owner
¦ sick and must sell at once. 1612'/* Folsom st.
J200— FOR eale— Fine millinery store. Address
A. M.. Call branch. 300 Hayes st.
$It* WILL buy partnership in paying saloon
near Ilall of Justice. 640 Commercial »t_. near
Kearsr. Apply at 4S2 Jackson »t.
EALjOON for sale opposite the ferry. Apply
at 111 East st.. north of Market.
A— WHOLESALE liquor buslnecs: long ettab-
V.r h"<%. m&kingr money; no agents. Inquire H.
L. REA. 402 Washington st., S. F.
WANTED— 2 ecber youn_r men with email capi-
tal to take charge of oyster house, hot lunch
&ad bar; tra&sfer corner. SS01 Folsom st.
_H_U_BEt_h^HH_HB_B8BttniMniHBHBiSK
HELP WANTED- MALE.
• A— MURRAY & READT.. Phone Main 5S4S
• ..Leading Labor and Employment Agents..
c WANT 7*A. M. TO-DAY
Blacksmith, country shop $40 and. found
4 Laborers for the mines $34 and found
72 laborers and teamsters, city and country
t Jobs, $2 and $1 75 day. $30. $28 and found,
call early
16 ranch hands $28 and $20 and found
, S farmers and wives $40 and found
, Stablemen, gardeners, choremen and boys....
Carriage painter Wagonmaker
Concrete finisher $3 day and found
Steam shovel man for dredge
s Bookkeeper for ranch $30 and found
r Stenographer ;. pruners: butchers
—HOTEL AXD OTHER DEPARTMENTS..
Cook, small camp $30 and found
Plain waiter, institution
9 cooks, $30 to $65. ...4 waiters, $20 and found
• Bakers, $16 week Laundrymen
r Dishwashers delicacy man, $45 and found
' Tlemakers and Woodchoppera
364 men to cut ties and cordwood, $3, $2.
r $1 50, SI and 80c cord, $13c, 12c. 10c each; some
. tools and focd found and fare paid
Milk wagon driver
MURRAY A READY.
C34-636 Clay st.
5 AT C. R. HAN3EX & CO Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
French chef, $100; chef. $S0; baker and pastry
cook, country hotel, $75; head and second
i cooks, restaurant, $G0 and $40; second cook,
i country -hotel, $60; broiler, restaurant. $50;
fry cook, $45; 6 hotel nnd restaurant waiters,
$25 to $35; omnibus, first class hotel, $30; bar-
keeper, hotel, country, $35; porter, country
hotel, $20; see party fcere, night porter,
I country hotel. $20.
C. R. HANS1SN & CO 104 Geary st.
• A— MAN to train hunting dogs; country; 320
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
' A— 3 PAINTERS; 3 bricklayers; 4 carpenters;
• 6 cabinetmakers; 3 bench hands. MECHAN-
J ICS' REGISTRATION BUREAU, 410 Kearny
St., room 3. Non-union mechanics pleaas
register; no office fees. Tel. Main 5384.
' WANTED— A Scandinavian man to chop wood;
' good wages. MRS. NORTON, 813 Butter st.
[ JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
• Free employment bureau; the only recognized
union of barbers. 115 Turk. I. LESS. Sec.
' BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
'• BUSHELMAN or pressman for city. Apply
REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter St.
MAN to cook In Olympic Cafe, 44 Stock-
ton st.
; BARBER for steady work. Apply to W.
FRITZ. 1128 J St.. Sacramento. Cal. •
: GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
i EXPERIENCED man on wringer. MERCAN-
i TILE TOWEL CO., 251 Jessie et., near 4th.
» BOY to work in laundry. MERCANTILE
• TOWEL CO.. 251. Jessie St.. near Fourth.
WANTED — Boy to learn carriage and wagon
; making; state wages expected. Box 617, Call.
WANTED— Boy about 18 years of ace. Bon
Ton Millinery, 873 Market st.
"WANTED— A dishwasher at 236 Townsend
\ street.
WANTED— A dishwasher: a young man pre-
ferred. 29 Fourth st.
i WANTED— Tailor. ROOS BROS.. 25-37 Kear-
ny st.
i- PANTSMAKER wanted for outside; first class.
428 Montgomery st.
• WANTED— A flrst-class shoe salesman; best
wages; only competent salesman need apply.
Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market st.
BOOTBLACK and Janitor; good wages; steady
; Job and found. 1043 McAllister st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union 14S meets to-
! night, at 115 Turk St., 8:30 o'clock. I. LESS,
Secretary.
; GOOD ladles' tailor. J. McCLEXrCAN, 532
, Fourteenth St.. Oakland.
¦ BOOTBLACK to take charge of street stand
and work In barber shop; rent free. 504 Ninth
St., Oakland. Cal.
. MAN wanted with $75; permanent place that
: will pay $15 to $18 a week; no experience re-
quired, Apply 1016 Market St., room 10.
. FIRST-CLASS salesman for children's clothing
, department: window trimmer preferred. JO-
NAS CLOTHING CO.. Oakland.
f .WANTED— Eoy about 16 years of age for of-
fice work; ony who has had some experience.
! Address in own handwriting, box 605. Call.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. oG2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
3 CHAIR city shop: ist-class furniture; sick-
ness; come quick. Dockclman Bros., 1G6 Ellis.
' |75 — PARTNER wanted In small restaurant;
¦ clearing $60 month; no experience necessary.
4W5 Fourth st. .
¦ BOY wanted; 16 to 18 years old. WIENER &
' MERZBACH. 105 Sansome st.
! WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
- $30— TWO-CHAIR shop. 434 Pacific St.; must
• sell.
» WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
. S. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and .33: not
I less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet
1 inch In height: able- to read, write and
i speak Enpllsh. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Offlce, 40 Ellis
street. San Francisco. Cal.
• WANTED — 2 experienced boys, between 16 and |
I 18 years old, for peddling; wages between $4 60
and $6 a week. Call at 563 Natoma st.. In the
\ morning up to 9 o'clock.
! — A place to stop for the winter — This
can be found at the Adams House. 519 Sacra-
mento St.. near Montgomery: one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
' to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, nvell-
: ventilated rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.'
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
' runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
r rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
. MEN wanted to learn barber trade only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S EARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay St.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old. reliable
firm, 80S Market, room 40, Phelan building;
3 pension vouchers executed. 25c; advice free.
- EXPERIENCED errand boys. $5 week: t tate
r age, experience and references. Box 565, CalL
BOY to deliver bread and assist In bakery;
Gtrman preferred. 1515 Devlsadero.
' WANTED— Good man or. woman to sell oil
stock.- E. J. LUNDIN. 935 Market st.
' 2-CHAIR barber shop for sale. Corner Golden
Gate ave. and Hyde st.; good location.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for his tui-
tion at S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
1 SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
I WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
- 40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
$27 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
- SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
- HORSE clipping by experienced men: best work;
cheap prices. DALZIEL, 605 Golden Gate ave.
_Mt*USjK»_ TO LET-
7 A^PRlN^E^TlsTlHo^ie^rtoTeTrB^nTTor^l^
• cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO,.. 14 Montgomery.
" BUSH. 1224— Sunny house of 8 rooms and bath;
rent $37 60. water free.
T NEATLY furnished house to let; rent . cheap*.
s Apply at 66S Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET — FUHMSHED.
_ MODERN, sunny house, completely furnished,
to rent for bIx months from January 1. Ap-
- ply 11 to 2, 3022 Clay st.
1 HYPNOTISM.
• PROF. RAYMOND— Strictly reliable; teaches
\ hypnotism In flve lessons for $5. 997 Market n.
9 p HW _ HM _ wv _ M _ W _ MMHM __ WMHMna MHW«,«MMMM
j INVALID CHAI1CS AND TKICYCLKS.
< A~l?lNE~invaild's rolling chair; bicycle wheels.
> wickerware basket body; can be seen at
Morig's Yosemite bicycle factory, 1522 Mar-
ket St.; made to order; nearly new.
BOLD and rented; nianfr. of the Games tricycle
- chair 1 . FAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st.
LOST A\D FOUND.
LADIES' slick pin; originally 7 pearls; one
missing; lost on Market st. Saturday evening.
• Kindly return to H. E. McC, Call offlce.
- LOST— Returning from Golden Gate Park, a
black feather boa. Return to 812 Market St.;
liberal reward.
¦ LOST— A whita brindled greyhound pup; re-
; . ward. 593 San Bruno ave. ¦
1 LOST— Pur boa in neighborhod of Chutes. Rs-
ward at 1510 Central ave. .
\' LOST — Black cocker spaniel bitch. Return to
814 Fulton st. ; reward. . .
= LOST— On Market st. Friday, lady's gold
watch with initials "B. N. R." Return to
- room 203 Parrott building; reward.
LOST — Silk umbrella with gun metal handle,
gold ring and Initials E. H. on handle. $10
s reward If returned to E. H AQUETTE, 16
P03t st., Palace of Art. .¦ - ¦ •¦¦
2 LOST— Gold watch, with initials F. J. Y. on
fob. -Finder please return 204 Pine st. ; reward.JAPANESE BAISE
ROW IN A THEATER
They Turn Out the Lights and Ensu
ing Fright Results in Lacerated
Scales.
K. Koyamo, T. Tanada and T. Ammo
muma appeared In Judge Conlan'B court
yesterday on a charge of disturbing the
peace. They were accused of going Into
the Japanese Theater. 330 Q'Farrell street.
Saturday night, turning out the gas and
starting a "rough house."
After the flght In the theater was over
several Japanese had to be taken to the
Receiving Hospital to have scalp wounds
attended to. The Judge refused to try the
cases by means of a Japanese interpreter,
and continued them for a week.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Han
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. • ,
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. DECEMBER 4.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In tbs order of occurrence aa to time of
day, the third time column the third tide and
the last or right hand column gives the last
tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given is subtracted from the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. ( • From. Due."
Mlneola Nanalr-i :..... Dec. 4
South Portland. Seattle... Dec. 6
Arcata >••• Coos Bay Dec. 5
KVreka Humboldt Dec. 5
Corona Newport Dec. 5
Oeo. W.' Elder. Portland. Dec. u
Point Arena... Point Arena : Dec. 6
Crescent City.. Crescent City Deo. 6
Mandalay ¦ Coqullle River Dec. 6
Santa Rosa ... San Diego... Dec. 8
City Rio de Jan China and Japan Deo. 7
North Fork ... Humboldt.. Dec. 7
Newburg Hrays Harbor Dec. 7
Empire foos Bay Dec. 7
Pomona Humboldt ....Dec. 7
Rival Wlllapa Dec. 8
City of Para... New York via. Panama Dec. 8
Hathor Hamburg via. Callao... Dec. 8
City of Puebla Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. 8
Mattewan Tacoma........... Dec. 8
Santa Barbara. San Pedro.. Dec. s
Queen San Diego Dec. 9
Bonita Newport Dec. 9
Columbia Portland.... Pec. 11
"V .;. ;- to sail. - : ';-- •¦".-"
Steamer. J Destination. Sails. j Pier.
Del Norte..JPortl'd & C.B. Dec. 4, 10 am Pier 2
Samoa .....[Humboldt..... Dec. 4, 10 am Pier 2
Australia ..[Tahiti. ........ Dec. 4,* 4 pm Pier 7
Columbia ..[Portland Dec. 4, 11 am Pier 24
Bonita INewport D*<J. «. » am Pier 11
Pomona ... I Humboldt Dec. 4, 2 pm Pier. 9
Queen ..... San Diego..... Dec. 5,' 9 am Pier 11
J. Kimball Seattle ...*. Dec. 5, 6 pm Pier 2
Mexico .... Mexico........ Dec. ¦ 6, 12 m Pier 27
Arcata .... Coos Bay...... Dee. 8, 10 am Pier Yi
Nip > Mam. China &Japan Dec. «. 1 pm PMSS
Umatllla .. Vic & Pet Sd. Dec.' 7, 11 am Pier -9
Curacao ... Mexico Dec. 7, 10 am Pier 11
Corona .... Newport....... Deo.' 7.' 9 am Pier It
Eureka ¦ I... Humboldt..... Dec. 7, 9 am Pier 13
City Sldn'y N. Y. v. Pan.lDec. 8. 12 m PMSS
Pt. Arena.. iPotnt Arena.. |Dec. 8. 2 pm Pier 2
Mandalay i : Coqullle Riv.. Dec. 8, 10 am Pier 3
Empire .... Coos Bay Dec 8, 10 am Pier 13
O W Elder Portland...... Dec. 9. 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa. Sen Diego..... Dec. 9. 9 am Pier 11
Newburg-... Grays Harbor Dec 10, ';..... ........
North Fork|Humboldt....-.|Dec. 10, 9 am Pier 2
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, . U. 8. N., Mer
chant*' > Exchange, San Francisco,: Cal.,
December 3. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building waa dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
reported ashore, got off and proceeded, though
littla damaged. 6h« has arrived at Blnanganan
Sound.
LONDON, Deo *— Ship Oeo ShOlfleld, pre
viously reported ashore, got off and for the
purpose of repairing will proceed to Nagasaki
in tow.
I TELEGRAPHIC. *
POINT LOBOS. Deo 3. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 16 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO— Sailed Dec S— Schr Orient, for
Willapa Harbor. %
POUT LUDLOW— Sailed Dec 8— Schr Com
peer, for Kahulul. I , '¦-'.¦'
VENTURA— Sailed De<S 8— Schr Peerless, for
Port Blakeley. _ A
EUREKA— ArrlVed Dec 3— Stmr Westport,
hence Dec 1; stmr Eureka. hence^Deo 2.
BOWENS LANDING! — Sailed Dfec 8— Schr
Newark, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Sailed Dec 3— Stmr Luella, for San
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed up Dec 3— Br
bark Dominion, for Tacoma; stmr Glenshlel,
Arrived Dec 3— Br ship Westgate, from Hong-
TACOMA— Arrived Dec 3— Br bark Dominion,
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Deo 3— Schr ' San
Buena Ventura, from Grays Harbor.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 30— O«r bark Herzo
gin Sophie Charlotte, from Hlogo.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 2— Br stmr Klntuck.
from Manila. Deo 3— Ship Star of Russia, from
Salie^Deo 2— Bark Highland Light, for La
hatna; Btmr Portland, for San Francisco.
Sailed Deo 3— Stmr City of Topeka. for Skag
uay; stmr Aberdeen, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived DeO 3— Stmr
Newsboy, from Usal; stmr Sequoia, from Fort
Bragg.
Sailed Dec 3— Stmr Sequoia, for — -.
EAST SAN PEDRO— Sailed Dec 3— Stmr Geo
Loomts, for San Francisco. .
COOS BAT— Barbound Dec S— Stmr Axcata.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOKONG—Arrived, Deo 2— Br stmr Gae
lic, hence Nov 8. ' „
SYDNEY— Arrived Deo 2— Schr James H
Bruce, from Chemalnus; shin Abner Coburn,
from Port Blaketey. .
Sailed Deo 3— Br stmr Mlowera, for Vancou-
V "cHEMAINUS-Salled Deo J-Schr Defender.
0 YOKOHAM A— In port Nov 20— Ger bark Al
" "iVERPOOL—In port Nov 17— Br thip Prim
rose Hill, for Vancouver! '¦¦ ¦¦¦
ACAPULCO-Salled Deo 1-Stmr City of
MAZa'tLa'n— Sailed Dec 8— Ger stmr Hathor,
SMjRuMSSid Nov 21-Stmr Leelanaw.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Nov 30— Br ship Elm-
h SALINAS Gl CRu'z-Salled Dec 3-Schr Win
slow, for Pu:et Sound.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
TSING TSU— Arrived Nov 20— Stmr Verona.
Deo S-Stmr Maine, for
B SYDNEY, NSW-Salled Deo 3-Stmr Mlo
wera. for Vancouver; itmr Alameda, for San
Francisco, via Auckland, Apia and Honolu u.
HAMBURG-Arrived Dec 3-Stmr Belgravla,
"LTvERPOOt^Arrived Deo 3-Stmr Waes
land, from New York. -
Steamer movements.
NEW FOUB-MASTED SCHOONER FORESTER DOCKING AT MAIN
STREET WHARF. SHE IS A SIBTER SHIP TO THE COMMERCE AND
- A VERY HANDSOME VESSEL.
Monday. December S.
Stmr Cleone, Miller. 15 hours from Caspar.
Stmr WashtenaW,, Zolllng, 92 hours from Na
nalmo. . •
Stmr Despatch, Johnson, 69 hours from As-
Sttnr Alcazar, GUnderson. 13 hours from
Greenwood ; bound south; put in to land pas
sengers.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 14 houra from Fort
Brassr.
Stmr W M Kruger, Krog, 38 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr teninswlck, Andresen. 48 hours ' from
San Pedro.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, 65 hours from Vic
toria and wav yorts.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, 62 hours from San
Dieso. •
4>tmr Saldle, Benedlkston, . 13 days ? hours
from .Unalaska.
Stmr Mlneola. David. 86 hours from Nanatmo.
I?r ship Drumburton, Thomas, 69 days from
Newcastle, NSW.
Br ship ThlPtlebank, Patterson, 76 day* from
Newcastle, NSW.
Schr C H Merchant, Karlson. 14 days from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
, Monday, December 3.
Etnir Zealandia, Oowdell, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Bonita. Nopander. San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. •-• - *¦
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oregon Rall»
way & Nav Co. '.
Oer- stmr Mascotte, Macco. New Britain;
Williams, DImond & Co.
Ship Glory' of the - Seas,' Hall.' Comoz; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co. - ¦ . ¦.
Schr Herman, Hutman. San Bias; Wm Olsen.
.SAILED. '
Monday, December S.
Ftmr San Mateo/ Fletcher, Nanalmo.
1 Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, Greenwood.
Btmr Brunswick. Andresen. Etireka.
8tmr Zealandia, -E>owdell,, Honolulu.
Stmr Santa Cru*. Hlnkle. sautherncoast.
Stmr Whltesbnro, Olsenv Greenwood.
Htmr Luella,*Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Lakme.' Schaee. .
Schr Herman, Hutman, San Bias.
Stmr W H: Kruger. Krosr. •
SPOKEN. ' .
" Nov 18/ lat 40 N.Uon 33:w— Br ship Lizzie
Bell, from Portland," for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS. •
LONDON, Dec 1— Stmr Indiana,: previously 1
" ' . - - -' ¦ ¦ ' ¦
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Charters.
The following vessels have been chartered
prior to arrival to load wheat at Portland for
Europe: The Alsterufer, 45s; the Andreta, 40s;
the Ellbek, 41s 3d;, the Herzogin Sophie Char
lotte, terms private; the Louis Pasteur, wieat
and barley, 44s 6d, ler» direct; the Hutton
Hall, wheat at this- port for Europe, 40«; the
Dominion (on Puget Sound), lumber at Ta
coma for Sydney, owner"* account, prior to
arrival; the British steamer Olenehlel, flour
and merchandise at Tacoma for Vladivostok,
prior to arrival; the Helene, merchandise for
Honolulu; the Aldety. Besse, merchandise for
Honolulu. . ... - . - /- \ - -
A Cargo for Mexico.
The schooner Herman cleared yesterday for
San Blaa with the following cargo, valued at
S644$: 2 cs arms and ammunition, 63 cs canned
goods. 26 bales bags, MX) cs dynamite, 12 pkgs
furniture. 30 bxs fruit. 102 pkgs groceries and
provisions. 9 cs hardware, 30 cs gunpowder,
31 pkgs paint, 65,116 feet lumber, 20 chests tea,
625 gals wine, 10 cs whisky, 402 bdls Shooks.
A Cargo for the Bismarck Islands.
The ' German schooner Mascott cleared yes
terday for Matupl with a general cargo valued
at $7644. Including the following: 69 cs arms
and ammunition, 3 bdls brooms, 8100 lbs bread,
1240 lt>s beans, 20 cs dynamite, 6200 tbs dis
tillate, 3 cs drj'Roods, 10 pk(?s groceries and
provisions, 9 cs glassware; 1000 gals gasoline,
2400 lbs lard, 18.0CO feet lumber, 20 c« lamp
goods, S3 pkgs mill work, 11,350 lbs mlllstuffs,
tS cs oil, 20 cs paint, 10 kits salmon, 10 kegs
sauerkraut. 11 cs soap, 2000 lbs sugar. 26 ct
1G0 gals wine.
Shipping Merchants.
The eteamer Walla Walla sailed Sunday for
¦Victoria with the following cargo, valued at
$S0T2: CO cs arms and ammunition, 10 cs axle
grease. 120 kegs anchovies, 14.000 tbs codfish.
14,515 lbs dried fruit, 4 cs drugs, 4 cs electrical
goods, 115 PkRs fO-oceries and provisions, 12
sheets Iron, 30 bxs lemons, 12 rolls leather, 6
cs metal polish, 4760 lbs mlllstuffs, 61.795 tba
malt, 1160 tbs nuts, 30 crs onions, 4 cs printing
Ink, 340 bxs paste, 297 bxs raisins, 3 bdls
spice, 4 cs typewriters. 24 pkgs vegetable.", 8495
lbs wax, 'jQ gals wine, 22 crs wagon material.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Water Front Notes.
Chief Engineer Kalb, late of the united
States transport Logan, is to take the
Thomas while Chief Rose of the Thomas
will take the Logan. _.
The British ships Drumburton and Thls
tlebank, both from Xewcastle, Aus., made
port last night. The Thistlebank is the
vessel that was close in shore at Half
moon- Bay and was so reported by the
Bonlta. ' The Drumburton has beaten the
Thistlebank six days from port to port.
Captain Jensen has taken command of
the schooner William Renton, Captain
Brown of the schooner Berwick and Cap
tain Stangeland of the schooner Lizzie
Prien. •
Three new police officers have been as
signed to the harbor station. They are
David Russell, Peter H. Herlihy and; Jo
seph P. McCormlck. .
Overdue Ships Arrive.
Two delayed ships made port yesterday.
On both of them reinsurance was paid, so
the gamblers made another winning. The
British ship Westgate got Into. Puget
Sound. , On her 15 per cent had been paid.
The Fulwood arrived at Hongkong from
South Africa, and on her 20 per cent had
FINE NET& SCHOONER.
Big Four-Master Forester Destined
ftr the Off- Shore :^':'S
The handsome new four-masted schoon
er Forester, built by Hay & Wright for
Martin Saunders and. others, was docked
at Main-street wharf yesterday. She Is a
sister ship to the Commerce nnd as hand
some a craft as has been seen on the front
In many a day. She is 184 feet long, 38
feet 6 inches beam and 13 feet 6 Inches deep.
She will carry 900,000 feet of lumber. From
here the Forester will go to Puget Sound
in ballast and there load lumber for Aus
tralia Martin Saunders, her managing
owner, says shs is fully equal to the Com
merce. The new vessel will be open for
inspection to-day. ¦'.?' ¦, _-¦¦¦
THE mall steamer Zealandia got
away for Honolulu yesterday with
a big list, considering
.the time of the year. She also
carried a large cargo and had a
considerable quantity of machinery for
the plantations on deck. The cabin pae
sengers are:
D L Bachant, F. T. Barlow and wlf». Ed
Baumburger, A. S. Bent and wife, Mrs. L. A.
Bond J Brady. R. S. Brewater, Clawson Can-'
lion, George Q. Cannon, wife and two children,
It Carlon Mrs. E. Clawson. Master Clawson.
Wm. Cluff and wife, Miss E. Coughran. Wm.
C. Crichton, Miss C. M. Cronin, A. H. Davies.
H T. Davies, M. Duffy. W. Dunn. Sister fcu
laila. Sister Ephralm. Mrs. M. A. Flanders, S.
Frankenstein, Mrs. Frary. Miss E. Glynn,
Mother Helene, Chas. H. Holmes, L. C. Hooker.
Mrs. W. T. Hyde. Mrs. J. E. Keller and child.
Miss K. McCarthy, E. M. McNulty, Mrs. H. J.
McSh*ne. C. P. Morse. J. Nlckeus and wife.
Miss Rickeus. P. Reubolt. H. . W. Rletow. Otto
Schmidt. H. B. Schroltke. ;Wm. Searby and
TUfe. Mrs. S. I. Shaw. Mrs. A. Smith and ch Id,
T. M. Smith. Dr. J. H. Spauldlng and wife,
Mrs. G. C. Stratmeyer and three children, J.
Btuart and wife. Miss E. M. Sumter. Charles
Sutton. J. F. Talmase, R. J- Tobln. Mrs^ Frank
Walker and child. Mrs. R. Wallace, P. R. he
lan, Mrs. I. Young.
W. AW Curtis joined the ship at the last
moment. He goes to Honolulu to act as
United States Immigration officer and
Japanese interpreter.
While Ed Bauraberger was standing
on the forward deck a lady friend
walked down the wharf. She was a hand
some woman, and.ln his hurry to take off
his hat to her Baumburger pulled a roll of
bills out of his pocket, and as h© was
making a graceful bow several thousand
dollars In American greenbacks dropped
Into the bay. Baumburger forgot his lady
friend in his anxiety to recover his money,
and at once signaled a boatman, who se
cured the pile. He received $2 for his
pains, and when the Zealandia sailed
away Baumburger was down In the en
gine-room drying out his cash.
m • —
Passenger on the Mail Steamer Zealandia Drops a Roll of
Greenbacks Into the Bay While Taking Off His
Hat to His Lady Friend.
NEARLY LOSES HIS WEALTH
IN WAVING A LAST ADIEU
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY DECEMBER 4, 1900.
13
Sun rises ,
3un sets i ,
Moon Bets
7:09
4:51
..5:03 a. m.
0 Time Time Time Timel '
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
.•LW H W LW HW
4... 2:35 8.6 8:57 8.5 3:S9 — 0.9 11:00 4.5
5... 3:23 2.9 9:41 6.5 4:47—1.2 11:57 4.6
« ... 4:31 3.1 10:26 6.5 5:34—1.3
H W L, W H W L W
7 ... 0:43 4.7 5:04 3.2 11:12 6.4 «:20 — 1.1
8... 1:30 4.9 6:55 3.2 11:59 «.O 7:06 — O.S
9... 2:19 6.0 6:51 3.2 12:48 5.9 7:49 — 0. 4
10 ... 3:04 4.9 7:54 3.2 1:42 6.0 8:30 0.1
Sun rises ,
3un sets i ,
Moon Bets
7:09
4:51
..5:03 a. m.
0 Time Time Time Timel '
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
.•LW H W LW HW
4... 2:35 8.6 8:57 8.5 3:S9 — 0.9 11:00 4.5
5... 3:23 2.9 9:41 6.5 4:47—1.2 11:57 4.6
« ... 4:31 3.1 10:26 6.5 5:34—1.3
H W L, W H W L W
7 ... 0:43 4.7 5:04 3.2 11:12 6.4 «:20 — 1.1
8... 1:30 4.9 6:55 3.2 11:59 «.O 7:06 — O.S
9... 2:19 6.0 6:51 3.2 12:48 5.9 7:49 — 0. 4
10 ... 3:04 4.9 7:54 3.2 1:42 6.0 8:30 0.1
PROPO8Aii6 for muslin — Depot Quartermas-
ter'a Office, tt New Montiromery St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., December 3, 1900— Sealed propo-
sals, in triplicate, will be received at this of-
fice until 11 o'clock. a. m., Friday, December
1*. 3900, and then opened, for furnishing 27,500
yards muslin. Preference will be given to ar-
ticles of domestic production and manufac-
ture, conditions of price and quality being
equal (including in the price of foreign pro-
duction and manufacture the duty thereon), ;
and *uch preference will be given to article*
of American production and manufacture pro- ,
duced on the Pacific Coast, .to the extent of ]
the consumption required by the public serv- ;
lc« there. The United States reserves the j
right to accept or reject any or all proposal*
or any part thereof. Information and blanks \
for proposals will be furnished on application. .
Envelopes containing proposals will be In-
dorsed: ''Proposals No. 10143" and addressed
to MAJOR OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster. ;
U. S. Vols., Depot Quartermaster. .
BIOS WANTED— Notice la hereby given that
sealed proposals will be recelv«d by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans* Home of Cali-
fornia, at Its office, room 13. "10 Eansome st..
Ban Francisco. Cal.. up to 10:30 o'clock a. m., •
SATURDAY, December 1, WOO, and opened
Immediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Tount\-ille), for elx months commencing
Janury 1. 1901. and ending June 30, 190L Sched-
ules with information and instructions for
submitting bids will be furnished upon appli-
cation by the undersigned. Bidders will care-
fully follow the conditions of the schedules
and no bid will be considered unless It la in
accordance with euch schedules. Each bidder
must accompany his bid with a certified check
upen some well-known and responsible bank-
ing notice for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid, payable to C. Mason
Klnne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount siwclflfd.
Address 3. 3. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home ef Cali-
fornia, room 13, 220 Eansome et., Ean Fran-
cisco, Cal. By order of the Board of Direc-
tors. J. J. SCOVJLLE. Secretary.
¦> ADVERTISEMENTS.
g&M CARTERS
SICK HEADACHE
J?<**ttvel7 cared Dy tiwflo
.little Pills.
They aim rclleve Distress from DysytyaX
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect rcmtdy fcr Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsiv
ness. Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tccgut
Pain in the Side, TORPID JLIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. . Purely Vegetable. :
8matt Pin* Small Doso«
>. 8mat! Prfcs. 1 '
BATLItOAP • TBAVE1V. : i : \-
•OUTIIKRX rAUIvit) IOMPA5T.
(PACIFIC STSTMC)
Trains !«•»«• »»»«• J»r» dm •• »»rl»» a»t \
man ri»AJi*:ni«:«».
(U»ln line. Foot of Market Street)
iE»vs — From Dzceubkb 1, 1900. — A»»r? ¦
*7iOOa Banieia. SuUan, Ehnlra. Vaea»ilto,
Romaey and Sacramento 1i4'»
•!«««* Shasta ExpreM-lMTU, WiUUm* (for
Bartlett Sprlnp), WBlowa, Bad
Bluff, Portland.. "7i«*
•7i30AMartiuOT.8anUainon.ValleJo.Hapa,
Calls '.<• < » and Sao ta. Rota *•« *•»
•SiOOa Daria. Woodland. Knights Landing.
Mar»s»ille. O»o»i;ie. , 'I'l?*
•MiOO* AtlanOo Kipresa— Ogden aa 1 East *«i43»
•8:0u x Nilei, IiTermore, Tracjr, L»tbior*
Stockton i •7il»»
•»i:u»» S»n Jose. Ll»erraor«. Stockton.
Inna. Haeramento. Plaeertllle.
M«rys»nt«. Chloo. lt»4I!lnff Mil.ip
•Ai3»a Oakdale. Chinese, Sonora, Carton... •4il»p
•••:«»»* Hajwarda, Kiln and Way Stations. M Ilia*
*0i0«uLo» Angeles Express — Martlnex.
Tracy. Latbrop, Htockkon, Merced
Fresno aud Lea Angelea *7il3p
•!>-.:«•»» V»ll~jn, M&rtrnaztnU Way Station* •Sii-Ir
•IOiOOa Tha Overland Limited — Ogdeo, O«n-
ter, Omaha. Chicago •••43F
•1 1* :00a Kile*. BtocktoD, Sacramento, Men-
dota, Fresno, ilacford, Visalla,
Vort«»»lll« Mil»r
•II :OOa UTennore. Sanger. Qoshen Juno-
Uon. Bakersfield. Urn Angela* -f *
tl:«»pSacraiu«iitui:ife>Ste»nien t3i««*
-•X:«Op ilmjwuJs, Miles ao<l Waj Stations. Mi«r
•4:uor Martlnvx. Hau lUmoii, Vallejo,
Na»«, t'aH«»<iKa, Smita Itosa •» 1 1 » »
•<to«r D«nicla. Winters, Sacramento, *.-¦>
. -.• . WoiMlianil. KuigliU Laodlog.
MarrsTllle, <>t..»l!l« "I«I:I1»
•li:n>r n*ywardj. NUesaud HaaJose t<'*^*
•3j00r Kile», Iirermora »ad 8tt«kton 'IOsISa
95:00F8anset limited. El Paao, N«w
Orleans and East «10:ISa
•S:OOpTha Owl limited— Tracy. Vrerao.
BakersOeld. 8ang»a lor Santa. Bar-
bara. Los An«le». •1O«I«*
•SiOOpKew Orleaa« Express— llakersdeld.
Haute llarbara, I^is Angeles, Dem*
lust. £1 Paw, New Orl8»ug aud
Kasi •7i-M»
•R:«Op HaT wards, NHes and Ban Jom »7i ••¦» *
iG:OWr Valle].i »ll«4»\
•SiOVf OrlenUl Mail-Ogden. Cbeyenoa. _-"•' .
Omaha, Chic*go •a:fSr
•8:00pOrie:itil Malt-OgJen. DenTer,
Omaha. Chicago. M»I3p
•7iOOp Oregon aad Calif»mla Kspresa.Hae-
n».i.«i.tii. Mmr>ivll!o. Koriillng.
1'urtlxiKl. INtgit .M«tu.d am) Kaak *S:4.1a
•8tO.1rS»n Pablo, Purl Coata, Mirtiaei
and Wa» SUtloni M1i45a
t»;Q.1p Vallrjo «ll»»»t
(OAST DITIMON Ci.irrnrt Oaaxe).
(fiiot "t Market Street.)
•8:15a Newark. CViiterTllle.SaoJcse.FeUon,
boulder Creek.HmtaCnii and War •
SuUous *•'»•»
tai I Sp Newark CentsrTllU. Ban .lose, K<nr i
Almadeo. ITaltun, lion Id or Creek.
Uaiita C'tax aad Vriaeipat Way
.S-»M<»is..... t ••»»•»
•<iltp Newark, San Jos«, LosGatos 'Si.io*.
alli4SpHanten' Kxcnnlon, 8an Jom and J
Way Stations flifr
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
'rnmSil miCISCO— r»st of isrktt Sirot(Sll? Jl—
!7:15 9.00 ll:0Ot.M. It33 1:93 J;^.-.
Ft«» 01 III J>— r.»l.fBrci««iT.— 1«:»0 U.00 t3K)5
lOOOi.n. 11:03 2:03 t:C3 "t:Cir.U.
IIIIM' DIVISION (Itroaitliange).
(Third and To^nnen<l -HU)
t«:IO4 Ocean View, flonth Han Jfranciaen.. tetSitp
•7:««A Haii Joss »>..! Way SUtimm (New
Almadau V.e.l..-..Uys only) ...... *l>SWp
•OiOO* Hau Jos«. Trra IMnoa, M,.nt» dm.
Paclllo Orina. l'aso UnlileS. Uai|
I.nis Ol>isiu>, Hitrf. Lompoc and
Prinelpal Way SUifntia MilOr
¦IUiIOa Ban Jiwe and Way Klalioua •«:;i.i,
•I I:3Oa Hau Joaa ami Way SUtions *8tS«p
t*al3pSa» Mateo. Iteilwooil, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. SanU Clara, Man .>••*•>
Tres Pino*. SauU Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey ami I'aelfla OroT» 1Ii»:.'I<1a
f^innp Smn Joss aud Way 8Utlona *T*M«
1 1:1 Sr San Joseaml Principal Way HUtlonS *!»:!.¦>»
ISsoopSan Jo»f, Los Oatoa and Principal
Way Stations t»sO»«
•.%i.1O r San.loMsn.1 Principal Way Stations *'»:31*
•fti.top 6au .Ios« and Way Statlolis ?•»:«•»*
Oll;45p9«». Josaan.! War Statl.Mis «7»3l*p
A for Morning. 1* for Aftenmon.
•P»ily. tMnuftay exotpted. I buuday only.
g Mondays, Wedaesdayt, Fridays.
e Tiif sdijrs, Tbnrsdays, aandiys.
a Saturday only
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RI. CO..
XjHISSBHJ
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBUftOX FEBRT— FOOT OT MARKET ST.
San Francisco to Strn R*f«cl.
WETEK DATS— 7:30. »:C0. ll:C0 a. ra. ; 12:33, 3:10.
6:10. 1:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:3>
?>. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
1:30 p. m.
EUNDATS-l:00. 9:30, 11:00 a, m.; 1:30, 3:». t:0«.
¦ :XO p. m.
San Rafael' to Son Francisco.
' WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:60. t:tO, 11:W »- m.; 1J:«,
i 1:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:ii
and 6:3."» p. m.
' EUNDATS-3:10. t:40. 11:10 a. m. : 1:40. 3:40. 5:01.
¦ 6:23 I), ra.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park.
. tain* schedule as above.
I Leave J In ESect I Arrive
I Ean Francisco. | Nov. 7. 1900. I San Francisco.
! Week I Sun- I I Bua- 1 Wfek
1 Days. | daya. ( Deatlnatlon. | days. I Day».
! 7:a0am 1:00 am Kovato. 19:49 am J :40 am '
1:30 pro 9:30 am Petaluma, 8:05 pm 10:23 am
t:10pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm 1:12 pra
Pulton.
7:50 am ' Windsor. 10:lS am
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
Geyservtllt.
1:30 pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 9:Tt pns
7:33 ami I Hopland I
j g^0 ami «md Vklaa. | 7:35 pmf t:T3 pra
, 7-30 am *~ 10:2Sam
1 - j 1:00 am Oaernerin*. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm) «:npin
7-30 am 8:00 am .Sonoma 9:15 am S:Wam
and I / '--
1:10 pm t:0Opm Glen Ellen. <:(V am <:Cpra
', 7-30 sent 8:C0 amj 110:40 amil8:S5 am
1:30 pmt S:0O pm| Bebastopol. 1 7:35 pm| »:23 pra
' stages connect at Banta Rosa for Mark West
Eprln<» and White Sulphur Sprlnn; at Fulton
' for Altruria: at Lytt?n for Lytton Springs; tt
Geyserville for Skaggs Sprlni?*: at CloveTdal*
for the G?ysera; at Hopland for Duncan
'. Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. CarU-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlattt
j Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Wttter
. Springs, Cpper Lake. Pomo. Pott»r Valley.
John Day's, Rlversld*. Llerley*s. BucVneH'a.
Pnnhedrin HMehts. HuHrllle. Orf* Hot feprina*.
Mendoclno City.. Fort «Jrag;«;. \V«>«tport. U*al.
Will'ts. Laytonvtle, Cummins*, Bell's Springs.
¦ Harris, Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at re-
duced rate*.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
- beyond San Rafael at half rates.-
Ticket office. 650 Market St.. Chrontci* bu'.ld-
int. R- X. RTAX.
H. C. WHITING. Oen. Paas. Agt.
Gen. Manaser.
MOUNT TAMALPA1S RAILWAY?
Leaves San Francisco, via* Sausallto F»rry:
WEEK DAYS.... 9.1S a. m.; l:4i and 4:(M p. m.
, SUNDAYS 1:00. 10:00. 11:20 and 1:15 p. m.
k Fare. Baa Francisco to Summit and Retora.
1 fl 40. .
I NEW TAVERN OP TAMALPA13 NOW OFKN.
» Ttckrt office*. «21 Market at.. Banaallto Fttj.
* /^~^k "^ r * Gi^ on>s Dispensary,
A %< - t i« 020 KK4KSY ST. Established
• Htnuin ' H54 fr >r the trratmt-nt «t l'riv»t«
* Jft JJft 'SW W^'a^s. I-n^t JI»nho<><l. Dehiiity or
4^*«v^{SJ4 'I is^as*- wmjrinffnn ix.dyaml mlrnl ami
• r »t*^»cKJ/5 s '*' 11 I'iiwnses. T!ie Poctorrurf* wdeij
' aSlHHRKi 0 ** 1 '™ Ia "- * rr7 htm - ('barges low.
<» -linr-inlrrit Cnltorwrlte.
¦<• Dr. J. F. U1BK(», uan Francisco, Cal.
M Weekly Call, $1 per Y.ear
The following marrlag* licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Arthur G. Willmott. 24. 320 Scott street, and
Sophie L. von Hoffmann. 21. 2S15 Greenwich st.
Arthur B. Ambler, 27, 2218 Larkln street, and
Grace A. Bovee, 26. 1909 Polk street.
Seymour J. Perkins, 40, Madera, and Annie
Coyne. 30, city.
John E. Hare. 21, city, and Dora Larscn. 19,
city.
Adurno Lazzaretto, 25. Vallejo, and Maria
Demartini. 25. 41S Fifth street.
Goveehino Lazzaretto, 28. Vallejo, and Louisa
Eacigalupl, 22, 416 Fifth street.
Charles P. Stanley. 22, Oakland, and Mar-
garet M. Ryan, 25, Berkeley.
MAKRIAGE LICENSES.
BAH.R0 AD TBAVEL.
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
Santa Fe
Trains— Da "y
tions.
1:43 p. m. Saturday*— Tomales and way sta-
tions.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Tomales and way sta-
tions.
Commencing September 30. 190ft.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALI-ET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS-6:55. 11:00 a, ta., 1:43.
2:13. 4:00, 5:15, '6:15. 8:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— *S:CO, 10:00, Ul:30 a. m., •l.'lj.
3:15, -*»:45. f:20, 9:00 p. m. . •
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:20. *6:20. 7:43. 9:*> a. m..
•12:J0. 1:45. »3:30, 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. rn.
SUNDAYS-6:20. «10:00, *tl:45 a. m..
•1:40, *2:15. 4:43, '6:10 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:45, «:45. 7:65. »:30 a. m..
12:55, 2:10, 3:30, 4:54, 5:20 p. m.
EXTitA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:03. 2:15. 1:30.
5:00, 6:43 p. m.
THROUOH/THAINa
C:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Farry.
LADIES— Chtebeeter's English Pennyroyal i"Uls
are the best; cafe, reliable: take no ether:
•end 4c etamps for particulars: "Rel>f fcr
l-s<5te»" in letter by return mall; at drug-
t!tts. . Chlcbetter Chemical Co.. PMiladel.. Pa.
NOTICE— Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic Orphan Anylum ulrc-e July 1. 1?S3:
Jr*Tj« VaJdez. &£« S years: Laretto Duran. T:
Madeline Dursn. 6: Hay Croal, 8.
1'AD tensnts ejected for S4; collections made;
rity nr rountry. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
'•:, Mrrrtg-.'rrierr rt.. rcorn* 9-lft: tel. S5gp.
m:\vixc; ma< ih.m:s a.vu supplies.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing iowe&t rstes; open even. 205 Fourth.
liOTJGHT. sold, rented, rrralri'd; ner-dle* and
shuttle*: reduced ratrts. Hi Cth: phone Mint 3.
ALL k'.n'ls bought. »old And repairing guaran-
ir»H Charl*"* Piambeok. 191j Mission, nr. 15th.
STORAGK AND WAItKIIOUSES.
BEKJJMI Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission at.;
tr-1. Main U4Q; shipping at cut rates.
V.'ILSOX BROS.. ctcra*e and moving; covered
vsn*. Tenth and Market: phone South 7S2.
PACIFIC Ptorsge and Furniture Moving Com-
tmt-v 2Z?* Fiilrfrre rt. : phone J»cfc»on 281.
-l.Ol MACHINES
li'i'OHT and told; new and second-hand; large
CitpUfi \try cheap. UC7 Kark?l,bet. 7th & Sth.
SPECIAL .NOTICES.
liOARU tod rooms at 4 IS First at., near Har-
rtrcn.
I1XE, 3r>4. noar Taylor— Newly furnished room;
hot and oold water; board optional; private.
S-ELECT family hotel; new Interior; three sp«-
' rial dinners weekly; rates to establish. SOT
California ct.
Alley. "William H. Kistenmacher. Jullu*
B*>vereen, Henry Lavln. Lawrence P.
Black. Robert McG. Merrill. Thomas L.
Boland. Michael Meyer. Teresa
Bowen. James Nolan. James
Conklin. Philip A. Pike. W. F.
Dispaux. Elizabeth T. Planting. Frederlka
Forbes. Robert C. Reynolds. James A.
Gage. John W. Schwarzschild. Louis
Gardener. Charles Shaver. Jacob
Hansen. Lizzie Sharkey, Patrick
Harklns. Ellen Sullivan. Thomas
Harrie. Solomon Tlce. Eben P.
Hlckllng, Charles A. Walsh, James J.
Hughes. John Walsh. William H.
Judson, Aucustus Webb, Richard
ALLEY— In this city, December 3, 1900. Wil-
liam Henry, beloved husband of Lizzie A.
Alley, father of Octavia Alley and Mrs. Harry
Carr. and brother, of Mrs. N. Macomber, a
native of Boothbay, Me., aged 76 years fi
months and 23 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall,- corner Seventh and Market streets,
under .the auspices of California Lodge Xo.
LI O. O. F. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. Remains at the funeral parlors of Bun-
ker & Lunt, Z66« Mission street. Mission Mx-
sonlc Temrile.
BEVERSEX— In this city. December J. 1900,
Henry, dearly beloved husband of Sarah Bev-
ersen, and brother of Martin Beversen and
the late Claus, Christopher and Carson Bev-
ersen. Mrs. Claus Dlers and Mr*. H. Brede-
hoft a native of Lintlg. Amt Lehe, Hanover,
Germany, agfcd 51 years and 7 months. A
member of Friendship Lodge No. 17», A. O.
V W (New York City and Green Point,
Brooklyn, X. Y.. papers please copy.)
ryprlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited t» attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 'o'clock, from his late r*si->
dence 1«9» Folsom street, corner of Thir-
teenth. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
BLACK— In this city. December 2, 1900, Robert
M'-Gee beloved husband of Caroline V. Black,
and father of -Franel* Morris Black. Mr«.
Frank Norrls of New York and Edna Storror
Black a native cf Ireland, aged 70 years.
C7 Funeral services will be held this day
(Tuesday), at J o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1324 Octavia street, corner Geary. In-
terment private. Kindly omit flowers.
OFFICERS and rhernbers of Ophlr Lodge No.
17L IOO. F., are hereby notified to meet
at our lodueroom this day (Tuesday), at 12:45
o'clock, to attend the funeral at our late
brother. R. M. Blacky fqrd £ q
BOLAND— In this city. December 3, 1900, Mich-
ael Boland, a native of Ireland, aged 6a years.
tSTFriends aruJ acquaintance* ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery-
BOWEN— In this city, December 2. 1900, James
Bowen, a native of Net* 1 York, aged 34 year*.
CONKLIN— In Manila, P. I., October 19, 1900,
l'hlllp A. Conklin, beloved non of W. M.
Cunkiln. brother of Maurice B. Conklin, and
nephew of Frank and Kate Conklfn, a nativb
of Xew York, aged 26 years and 6 months.
IDTFuneral will take place this day (Tues-
day), at * o'clock, trom his late residence, 335
Golden Gate avenue, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
be offered for the repose of his soul, begin-
ning at 3:30 o'clock. -Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. .
DISPAUX (nee Fennell)-In this city, Decem-
ber ?, 1900, Elizabeth T. Dispaux (nee Fen-
nell). dearly beloved wife of John • T. Dis-
paux. mother of Claire and John S. Dispaux,
beloved daughter of Anne and the late .Martin
Fennel!, and sifter of John. Martin, Annie,
James S. and William P. Fcnnrtl, Mrs. M. T.
y.irgler and Mrs. E. V. Fuller, a native of
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor to Flannegan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P.- DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER8,
20 Fifth ct.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. v : '
•DIED.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the miblication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence, of .per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COAKLET— In this city. November 19, 1900, to
. the wife of John F. Coakley, a daughter.
CUTTING— In this city, December 2. 1900, to
the wife of Janner Cutting, a daughter. ¦
LOWE— In this city, November 2S. 1900, to tne
wife ol the late James Martin Lowe, a daugh-
ter. . t
MCCARTHY— In this city. Xovember 24, 1900,
to the wife of John J. McCarthy, a son.
MACGENN— In this city, November 21. 1900, to
the wifs of Captain S. J. Macgenn, a daugh-
ter.
MEYER— In this city, Xovember 2?. 1S00, to the
wife of E. G. Meyer of Lemoore. a daughter.
STEVENSON— In ti*is city, November 23, 1900,
to the wife of David A. Stevenson, a daugh-
ter. ¦
MARRIED.
LONG— JONES— In this city, December 1, 1900,
by the Rev. Philip Coombe. James F. Lon a '
and Eleanor Jon€S. both of San Francisco.
RUFFXER— KEATIXG— At the home ol the
bride, November 2?. WOO. by the Rev. William
Rader. William E. Ruffner of Stockton, Cal..
and Henrietta Montelth Keating of San Fran-
cisco.
EHOUP— W1LSOX— In this city, December 2.
law), by the Rev. Edward B. Church, Paul
P'.ionp and Rose Wilson,, both of San Fran-
cisco.
BIRTES— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Leavt Mark*t-«tr«et Ferry Depot.
Lve. Ban Francisco. »:» •> m 4:10 p m- 8:00 p ra
Ait. Stockton U:*> P m 1-1* P m Utf* p ra
" Merced J:4I p m ins a ra
" Fresno 4:20 p m J:05 a m :
•• ViMilia «:00 p m 4:W a n
« Tulare 6:IJ p m ! : i2* m
•• Hanford i:M p ra 7:04 am
- Bakersfield ... t:50 p m 1:30 am
:•• Denver 10:00 am ¦
" Kansas City... 8:15 p m
, - Chicago 7:«0 mm _^
I a, ra. train Is the Overland Express. Corra-
•pondlng train arrives at « p. m. daily.
4:10 p. m. la Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives 11:05 a. m. dally. _^ , ¦__
1:00 p. m. Is Freeno and Bakenflatd Express,
with Bleeping Can for both cities. Corre»pvnd-
Idr train arrives at 8 a. m. dally.
OFFICES— Ml Market st. and In Ferry Dapofc
fan FranrV"-"' 1t1 * Broadjrsr,- Oakland,
rnoposA*LS.
DIVIDEXD NOTICES.
ODD FELLOWS 1 Savings Bank, room 7. 240
Montgomery St.— Dividend No. 17 In liquida-
tion, being two and three-eighths (2»4) per
cent on all deposits, will be payable at eald
l<ank on and after TUESDAY, November 20,
1*00; total amount of dividends declared in
liquidation, eighty-nine and seven eighths
<E9 T -») Der cent.
JAMES BENSON. Secretary.
San Francisco. Xovember 19. 1900.
DIVIDEND Nctice.— Dividend No! 22 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Co:, will be payable at the offlce of the
company, S27 Market *t., on and after Mon-
day. December 10. WOO. Transfer book* will
oIofo on Tuesday, December- 4, 1900. at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary..
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.: A dividend. Xo. 24, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capj-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company. 430
California rt.. gan Francisco, en December
10, 1S0O. Transfer books close December 3.
1P00. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
nEllKELEV HEAL ESTATE.
— — ----¦¦¦ - . ¦ ¦ ¦¦ - - . . - - - . i .
;:0f«-5i00 CASH, balance $12 per month: fine 5-
. room hay-window couage. brick foundation;
on many side of street; bank loaned $1200 on
• this i'!ae«>; 2 Mocks to cars. W. C. MORAN.
J13OT— tsf.0 •'ASH. balance $12 per month; this
plsc* Kold l«r ?::<X>; Lar.k loaned $1400; bay-
window cottage of 5 large room*, double pa«-
lars. fir.* mantel, high basement, brick foun-
dation; 1 block to cars: good neighborhood; I
. «ia>« in sr;i this r'ace in. W. C. MOHAN..
•""v 1 * — NEW S-room house, double parlors, nat-
ural wood cln'.nR-room, fine mantel, sideboard,
etc., porecla'.n bath; cement Eldewalk all
around place; lot 1)0x135: 3 blocks to train: 5
. minutes' walk to university; only $500 cash,
t.aiance HO Der month; place Tvill rent for
u-K.r» than thii>: bank leaned $3000 on this
place. W. C. MORAN. Lonn Station, Berke-
'.py-
J-ROOM hcuf* and bath: hot and cold water;
*tr*~t ffwerfd and macadamized; concrete
t=ideTialk; lot 40x135; one block from local
. irntns or street cars; price JlfOO. 5200 down,
• balance ?17 per rr.or.th.
Xew cottage of 6 rooms, pantry, bath.' elec-
tric light; 3 blocks from trains and one block
from street cars; price $IS00. $100 down, bal-
ance $17 per month- or win bul'.d on desirable
ioj *~ rr:t <•* Fame terms.
Take Berkeley train. ir,et off at Lorin Et»-
t'.tc. SEk fcr RUDOLPH. PERKINS &
I. VON: rr*»n Pundays.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND RCAL ESTATE.
|i50 CASH. fG E0 monthly— Xew 3-room cottage,
7-foot basement: fine large lot 2S« feet deep:
price all told $CJO.
|7 50 cath. H 50 monthly— »4 acre excellent
land for $150.
|15 cash. 5« 59 month!y-4 acre Al land. J2K.
IC2 50 cash. $3 monthly— \ acre superb land
tor $350.
$25 cash. $11 monthly— 1 acre (mart can b«
had) for $475.
Adjoining East Oaklar.d; climate, soil and
view the very best; away from fogs and raw
winds; rear electric car line and wide boule-
vard. Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
et.. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES.
Owner. : :¦¦
*33«. t3o00. (3500.
XEW MODERN HOUSE.
Lot S0xII4 feet.
TELEGRAPH AVE.
For permission to inspect premises apply
A. J. SNTDER ft CO- •»
467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
Fl.EGAXT lets sacrificed. $1500: cost JStOO; 119x
2M); fronts Fruitvale ave. tOO— Cost $60?; tOx
150; adjoina Fruitvale ave. LATMaSCB
F.EAL ESTATE CO.. 460-<C2 Sth St.. Oakland.
I'AVING chicken business; chance for a -juirk
sale. E. E. BL'XCE. ?C2 Broagway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOl'SES TO LET.
tiOOD houses. Get list from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN fr CO ffifj Rmaiway. Oakland.
UAkLAXD KUlMTl'llB FOR SALE.
AX introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture <i«>a>r. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
UOOMS FOR HOL'SEKEEPI.Va.
OSTRO. 42». nr. 17th— Rear. I nice sunny
rooms; large chicken yard; stable.
CHESTNUT, 253— Furnished rooms for hou»e-
keepinp; fine view; gunny corner building.
ELLIS. 1227 — Nicely furnished alcove room with
jrrste end running water; housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. €22— Sunny eulte 3 rooms,
clean; hct & cold water; yard, laundry, etc.
MARKET, r.r. Mason— Larce room and kit-
chen, folding bed, gas. »10. Call S42 I^sj-nyst.
JIIXNA. 2C7— New York House; sunny rooms,
. $1 2i up; also furn. rooms for housekeeping.
OAK. US — 2 Many parlors, furnished for house-
keeping: range, yard, 2 beds; $14.
C/OTAVIA. 143. corner Geary — Large bay win-
dow; mantel; sun all day; 1, $10; 2, $12.
BAXCHEZ. 3f*, near Market— 3 or S elegantly
furnished rooms for housekeeping; all mod-
ern improvements.
TI'RK. 127— Large sunny room for a couple;
Ftarre; $10 a month.
' A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
r inscriptions has been established at 1W6
VsVncla st.
CLAS.«IFIEI> advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fllimore «t.
ftlOUMS TO LJBT Knrn. mnU lufurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, I4S gixth— Rooms 2ic.
to fl ;-r eight; $1 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all eight.
iu'RNETT. 1<2€ Market fcldi Ko! 1364)— Fur-
r.lshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
EIEII. r.2r. <Tfce Elk)-Nlcely furnished sunny
rms; day. Be up; wk, $1 50 up. Mrs. P. Ranft. '
J3UFH. 2E24 — Two connecting unXurnlsh'ed
ruomt; bay-window; tunny side.
CALIFORNIA. IZTi— Unfurnished parlor floor,
: rooms and small kitchen; adults.
CLIFFORD. S04 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
TCLLIS. 725— Newly furnished room In German
family: suitable for gentleman; $5 per month.
GEART.fS iThe Navarre;— Elegantly furnished
rme: suites or Finglr ; travelers accommodated.
GEAJtY, KC— Corner house; front rooms; other
rooms; piano, phone; privilege light house-
ke^plng.
GRAND SOUTHERN, eoutheart corner Seventh
and Mission ets.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
LAS PALMA3, 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or !
• rrris.; private; bath; eln. rms; board optional.
MARKET. JfCo, above shoe shop— Clean eunny
rooms, double and Fingle; come and see them.
McCLELLAND. 200 Turk St.— Changed hands;
newly renovated: all rooms facing either
Turk cr Jones et.; rent reasonable.
MINNA. C€7, corner Eighth— Xew furnished
S>ay- window room. SI pfr week; transient. .
«ISSin\, 1221, one Mock from new Poetofflce—
Nicely furnished sunny front room, $5.
•SKW ARLIXGTOX. 1015 Market et.— Xicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; Kc-a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20 — gunr.y furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; electric lights; day. wk., mo.
JJOVAL House. 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent light;
retdlng-rocro, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per r.irht. 3Sc to tl 60; week, $2 to
$*: month. ~$S to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
nOSEDALE House, 819 ana S21 Ellis st.— Rocms.
n!ght CSt to U. week SI 55 to U; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment Hoose. 2$ Eighth st..
Dfar Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
f IXTH. 126— Furnished suite cf rooms, suitable
for business; privilege ef light hcru*ekeep!nr.
TT'RK. 1T6— Front, irunry furnished room, suit-
able for one or two gentlemen.
VAN NESS and Eddy— Furnished rooms In prl-
vete family. Box 613, Call offlce.
A BltANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
*ubacrtr>t!ons has been established at 1006
Valencia et.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS-We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. *3. The Typewriter
Exchange, S3S California; telephone Main 2W.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery st
Cemetery.
WALSH— In this city, December 3. 1300. Wil-
liam Hi, eldest and beloved eon of Johanna
and the late Patrick Walsh, and brother of
Cl Rrles John and Grace Walsh and Mrs. K.
Asmussen. a native of Rochester. N. T., aged
23 years 3 months and 20 days.*
jETFrleTids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, front' the resi-
dence of his parents. 249 Dore street, between
Harrison and Bryant. Ninth and Tenth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church. Tenth street,
between Howard . and Folsom. ¦ where a I re-
qulem high mass will be celebrated for the
-repose of his soul, commencing at t o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WEBB— In this city, December 2, 1940, Richard,
' beloved husband of Jane Webb, father of
Richard H. Webb. Mrs, Joseph Gerrans and
Wlilla.ni Webb, brother of Sampson Webb,
and grandfather of Joseph R. and Minnie J.
Gerrans and William and Minnie Webb, a
native of England, aged 74 years $ month*
and 12 days. :
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrcw
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from hi-* late resi-
dence, ,2242 Howard street, near Nineteenth.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by uleo
" trfc funeral car from' corner of Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets at 1:30 o'clock.
street, thence to Bt. Paul's Church, where a
* requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TICE— In this city. December J. 1900, Etoen
Pearson, beloved husband of May B., Tlce,
ar.-l son of Henry M. and Mary E. Tice, o
native of California, aged 39 years 11 months
and Z days. - ' \
, (ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the to-mor>-oiv
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock.- -from the mortu-
ary chapel of the. Golden Gate Undertaking
' Company. 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-
tlrst. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WALSH— In this city. December 2. 19C0, James
J. Walsh, beloved father of Edward Wa!»h.
son of Catherine and the late James Walsh,
and brother of Joseph, Frank and Emily
Walsh, Mrs. M. Rottanzl and Mrs. Flora
Shannon, a native of Brooklyn. X. Y,, aged
rry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
retidence. 695 Hayes etreet. thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner • Fell and Fllirnore
streets, where a requiem high mans will be
celebrated for", the renoee of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Lakeport, Cal.. aged 71 years.
SCHWARZSCHILD— In this city. December 2,
1800. Louis, beloved husband of Amalla
Schwarzschild. and father of Mrs. Maurice
Hellman of Los Angeles, Mrs. Gus Harris of
Olympla, Wash., and Leontine. Adele and
Florence Schwarzschild, a native of Frank-
fort-on-the-Maln, Germany, aged £9 years 4
months and 23 days. (Los Artfceles, Cal., and
Olympla, Wash., papers r-'ease copy.)
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
SHAVER- In San Rafael, December 2, 1900,
Jacob, beloved brother of the late Aaron Sha-
ver, aged 76 years.
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence «i*
Mrs. Aaron 8haver. Interment Mount Tamal-
pais Cemetery.
SHARKEY— In Oakland, December 2. 1900, Pat-
rick Sharkey, beloved husband of Elizabeth'
Sharkey, a native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
BV Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 4lf Forty-fifth street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem mass will b*
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. Oakland.
SULLIVAN— In this city, December 3, 1900,
Thomas, beloved husband of the. late Cather-
ine Sullivan, and father of Rev. J. W.,
Thomas and Eugene Sullivan Mrs. John Scott
and Mrs. K. McBrlde, a native of County
Cork, Ireland,' aged 70 years.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
Mountain View Cemetery.
RETXOLDS— In Venice. Madison County, 111.,
November 8. 1900. James A. Reynolds, brother
of It. G. Reynolds. M.D., of Upper Lake,
Cal.; and father of the Rev. It. G. Reynolds
of Eon Franclso6 and A. M." Reyn/nds of
C^TFriends and acquaintances are respect,
fully invited to attend the funeral this dar
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 717 York street, between Nineteenth
and Twentieth, thence to St. Charles Borto-
mpo's Churrh, northwest corner Eighteenth
and Shotwell streets, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
'impose of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HARKIXS— In this city, December 3, 1900,
Ellen, beloved wife of Owen Harklns.- sister
of Mrs. J. W. Nelson of Visalla and the lato
Bridget Bradley, and aunt of Mrs. E. F.
Mattuon, Mrs. E. Donahue, Mrs. M. Lynch.
Mrs. P. 'McOaffigan, Miss Xellie McDermott
and the late Mrs. P. O'Donnell., a native of
County Donegal, Ireland, aged 60 yej»re.
HARRIS— In this city, December J.19C0. Solo-
mon Harris, beloved husband of the lots
Fannie Harris, and father of Mrs. T. Buch.
Mrs. C. Ward, Sarah, Pauline, Gustave, Sam-
uel, Henry and Joseph Harris, a native of
Koeaig, Germany, aced 66 years. A member
of Pacific Lodge No. 155. I. O. O. F.
tCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2:15 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, comer of Market and Seventh streets,
where funeral services will be held, under the
auspices of Pacific Lodge No. 165, I. O. O. F.
Interment Salem Cemetery, by train leaving
Third and Townsend streets, at 3:J0 o'clock.
Remains at the parlors of H. P. Petersen &
Co., 2:8 McAllister street.
MEMBERS of Jubilee Rebekah Lodge Xo. 239,
1. O. O. F., are requested to attend the fu-
neral of our late brother. S. Harris, from I.
O. O. F. building, this day (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock. CHRISTENE ANDRESEN. N. G.
HICKLIXG— In this city. December 2, 1900,
Charles A. Hlckllnr, a native of England,
need 2? years.
C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:30 o'clock, from the parlois
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HUGHES— In the City and County Hospital.
December 8. 1900, John Hughes, a native of
England, aged 64 years.
JUDSOX— In Alameda, December 3, 1900, Au-
gustus, husband of Sarah Raymond Judson,
and father of R. H. and W. It. Judson, aged
76 years and 5 days.
C^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
KISTKNMACHER— In Ean" Rafael, December
2. VMO, Julius, dearly beloved son' of Fred-
erlcka Klstenmacher, and brother of Henry
and Fred Klstenmacher, a native of Schles-
wlg, Germany, aged 27 years 2 months and 14
days. A member of the Harmonle Singing
. Society.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street,
- near Fifth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LAVIN— In this city, at the Potrero, Decembe«-
3. 1500, Lawrence P., beloved son of John and
Mamie Lavin, brother of Llllle and Arthur
Lavln, and grandchild of John and Delia
Lavin and the late Lawrence and Margaret
Matthews, a native of San Francisco, aged
7 months and li days.
MERRILL— In Oakland, December 3, 1900,
Thomas L. Merrill, beloved husband of Eliza-
beth C. Merrill, and father of Mrs. D. H.
Mathes and Mrs. Charles T. Rodolph, a na-
tive of Maine, aged 64 years. (Biddeford,
Me., papers please copy.) 3*9^
C7Funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 10:45 o'clock, .at his late residence,
1215 Brush street, Oakland. Interment pri-
vate.
MEYER— In the City and County Hospital, De-
cember 2. 1900, Teresa Meyer, a native of
Germany, aged So years.
XOLAX— In Xapa State Asylum, Xovember 29,
1900. James Nolan, a native of the parish of
. Athemy, County Galway, Ireland, aged 86
. years.
CyFrfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue, thence
to St. Francis Church, where a high requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repoae of hU
soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PIKE— In this city, December 2, 1900, W. F.,
beloved husband of Earah Pike, and father
of John. Belle. Frank, Eddie, Clarence, Harry
and Charlie 1'lke, a native of Morestown, N.
. J., aged 53 years and 3, months. (Leaven-
worth. Kans., papers please copy.)
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 12:3u o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, &2f> Bryant street. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
PLAXTIXG— In Fruitvale, December 2, 1900,
Fitdft'rika W. Planting, beloved mother • of
Mrs. P. • B. Hullquist, and grandmother of
Margaret Hedman, a native of Gamlakarleby,
Finland, aged 75 years and 8 months. (Cleve-
land Leader please copy.)
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited -to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
¦ residence of Mrs. P. E. Hullquist, Putnam
street, near Wheeler avenue. Interment
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, at his
late residence. H21 Arch street, .Berkeley. In-
terment private.
CAUDBXER-In the City and County Hospital.
December 3, 1900. Charles Gardener, a native
of Jamaica, aged 63 years.
HANSEX— In this city, December 1, 1300, Liz-
zie Hansen. dearly beloved sister of Mrs.
George McGovern and Mrs. Richard Doepfne.-,
a native of San Francisco.
Ean Francisco, aged 31 years. • (Honolulu
paper? please copy.)
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother. 65 Julian avenue, between
Fourteenth and Fifteenth streets, thence to
Mission Dolores Church. Sixteenth and Do-
lOres streets, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Croeii
Cf-metery.
FORBKS-ln this city, December 3. 1300, Robert
C Forbes, brother of Miss E. D. Forbes, a
native of Scotland, aged 33 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fuil.v invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at t o'clock," At N.
W, Lottph's parlors, corner Eighth street and
Broadway, Oakland. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. '
GAGE-In Berkeley. December . 2. 1900, John
.William, b«>lpv«>d husband of Mrs. Annie E.
Race, a native of Sandy Point, Me., aged
G6 years. c'
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.OPENING SKIRMISH OCGURS
IN TRIAL OF ALBERT HOFF
"Young Dutchy" on Trial.
Fred Hanstead, better known as "Toung
Dutchy," was placed on trial before Judge
Dunne yesterday on a charge of making
and uttering a fictitious Instrument. The
prisoner was ' represented by George D.
Collins. ' Eleven Jurors were selected.
Beautiful Picture Frames.
The most artistic shapes and designs
are to be found In all sizes of ready-made
frames this fall. At no other time was the
variety of framing material so extensive
and artistic and at such reasonable prices.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Catholic Truth Society Lecture.
Tho. religious exercises and lecture of
the Catholic Truth Society will be held In
St. Mary's Cathedral to-morrow night.
The title of the lecture Is "Catholicism in
the Nineteenth Century." It will be a re
view of the progress of the Catholic
church during- the last 100 years.
Trunks & traveling bars. Before buytn* ¦••
our "bureau trunk." A. B. Smith CO..12S E11U-*
More Competition for the Pacific Mail
After the End of This
Month.
F. F. Connor, the local representative of
the Panama Railroad, received word yes
terday {hat commencing December 23
another steamship line would be placed in
operation between this city and Panama.
The new line will be in accord with the
plans of the Panama people, and will be
one more obstacle that the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company must ' face after
ANOTSEB STEAMSHIP LINE
BETWEEN HERE AND PANAMA
Woman Whom He Married Claims
JOHANNE'S METHOD OF
SECUR-ING- A Wli'E
That He First Gave Her a
Drug.
Jane Kl|pabeth Johanne claims that
while under the influence of a drug given
to her in a glass of beer on November 27,
In a house on Ninth street, she was mar
ried to George Johanne. She has peti
tioned the Superior Court to annul the
marriage. Her maiden name is Howarth.
She claims that Justice of the Pace Ker
rigan performed the marriage ceremony
and that as soon as she recovered from
her stupefaction she returned - to her
mother's home at 703 Broderick street.
Mrs. Johanno was divorced from T. A.
Casey in September, 1S99. Johanne i3 32
years of age and lives at 62 Natoma street.
California Keramic Club.
This afternoon and evening the Califor
nia Keramlc Club will give an exhibition
of the Roblln art pottery, in the maple
room of the Palace Hotel. The reception
will be held from 1 o'clock till 10 p. m. On
Wednesday the exhibition will be held
from 10 a. m." till 10 p. m. The general
public is invited and admission is free.
California Wants a Battleship.
Secretary Scott of the Chamber of Com
merce has received a letter from C. W.
Rasey, Recorder of • Santa Barbara, In
which the latter asked him to send him
forthwith a copy of the resolutions passed
by the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce asking lhat a battleship be named
after California. Mr. Rasey informed Mr.
Scott that the Santa Barbara Chamber
of Commerce would in all probability sec
ond the efforts of the local board in its
efforts to have this State fittingly repre
sented in the new navy.
WILL TEST SECOND
HAND DEALER'S LICENSE
Charles Kadonovich. Is Arrested to
Determine the Legality of on
Ordinance.
License Collector Levy yesterday ar
rested Charles Radonovlch, a second
hand dealer of 641 Mission street, for re
fusing to pay his license. The arrest wa^
made at the Instance of M. Rosenberg of
1026 Howard street, president of the Sec
ond Hand Dealers' Association, and is de-
Signed to be a test case to determine the
validity of the ordinance imposing a li
cense on second-hand dealers. Radono
vlch was immediately released on bail fur-«
nlshed by Rosenberg. Attorneys Schles-
Inger and Denson will defend Radono
vich, and will base their contention that
the ordinance is illegal on the charter pro
vision which exempts from license taxc3
all those persons selling goods at a nxed
place of business. ->
The San Franfcisco branch of the
Needle workers' Guild of America held a
rofeting on Friday last and voted to dis
tribute to the poor the clothes which had
been made during the year by the mem
bers. The distribution took place yester
day at Miss West's school, 2014 Van Ness
avenue, where 11,400 new, warm garments
were sent to eighty-five local benevolent
societies. Mrs. Horace Davis, president
of the society, paid a glowing tribute to
the memory of the late honorary pres
ident. Miss Mary Greer, a devoted mem
ber of the guild who had done much for
its success. •
Remembers the Poor.
The rooms cf the Merchants' Club at 223
Sansome street were filled last night by
members of the Unitarian Club, who as
sembled to discuss a well arranged menu
and the subject of "Organization of La
bor and Capital." An hour and a half was
spent by the members of the club in dis
posing of the edibles prepared, after
which speeches concerning the subject
proposed were In order.
The opening address was made by War
ren Gregory, who, after referring in a
general way to the efforts of President
Kellogg and his associates for the lost
two years, callo'd on W. H. Jordan for a
few remarks. The paper read by Mr. Jor
dan was a comprehensive one, covering
many of the points discussed by leaders
of organized labor and capitalists, re
ferring principally to the conditions ex
isting between employer and employe In
New Zealand.
A. C. Miller, professor of finance of the
Chicago University, read a lengthy paper
on "The Economical Relations Between
Labor Unions and Trusts."
The next to give his opinions on the
subject was George W. Dickie of the
Union Iron "Works, whose paper concerned
the relations existing between capital and
labor. Mr. Dickie read of the English
workmen as he caw them in various parts
of England and submitted figures showing
the advantages possessed by the English
Journeyman.
The last paper of the evening -was read
by Georgo w* Small, superintendent of
tne motive power of the Southern Pacific
6hops at Sacramento, who reviewed his
experiences both as employe and repre
sentative of employers.
All the papers read showed an able re
eearch into the subject and were listened
to with great interest by the members.
Amcng thore who were present were H.
N. Clement, J. A. Stephens, Samuel Bige
low. Gavin McNab, James D*nman. John
P. Irish and David Starr Jordan.
Question of Labor and Capital Dis
cussed at Length in Rooms of
Merchants' Club.
UNITARIAN CLUB HEARS
TVTATTy ABLE PAPEES BEAD
Farnsworth Estate.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of David L. Farnsworth, late mem
ber of the firm of Farnsworth & Ruggles
was filed yesterday. The appraisers flna
the estate to be worth $251,220 68. . v
Judge Troutt has ordered the distribu
tion of the estate of the late Andrew D.
Martin to his widow, Genevleve Goad
Martin, subject, however, to the claim of
Mrs. Eleanor Martin for 557,232 97.
Martin Estate Distributed.
The choicest club whlsKey la Jesse Moore
"AA," and In c!ub life it li In great demand.
SANTA CLATJS IN HIS
GLORY AT RAPHAELS'.
The Children's Good Saint Greets th«
Little Ones in His Magnifi
cent Palace
Raphaels, the well known clothiers.
have transformed the third fioor of their
commodious establishment Into a verita
ble Fairyland. The visitor marvels at the
wonderful spectacle that greets his gaze
and imagines that some Aladdin has
rubbed his lamp and commanded that the
liarj walls should sparkle with myriad
Jewels and lights ana that grottoes filled
with interesting and strlKing tableaus
should bo produced in all their glowing
colors.
Fairyland is depicted as it has never
been before. The artist and the artisan
have skillfully transformed the floor into
a child's paradise. As you leave the ele
vator on tho second floor you ascend a
flight of winding steps and a beautiful
scene bursts upon you. The stairs are
carpeted in soft- material that glints and
resembles snow. Overhead are subdued
Incandescent lights that illumine the in
terior. "As you reach the head of the stairs
your gaze is riveted by "The Child's
Dream of Christmas." A flaxen-haired
maiden is calmly sleeping and her dream
is realized in the lifellKe iairy that is seen
descending golden steps. As .you' pass on
your eye is attracted by the. noble picture
of Washington and his brave troops cross-
Ing the Delaware. Santa. Claus in his
workshop is the next tableau. Uncom
pleted toys, sawdust and his sled are pre
sented. .
. Santa Claus in the Jungle is next In your
fiath. Claus is seated in a hoodah on a
lfe-slze Vflephant, which. Is attended by
a black keeper and a. monkey. The next
«cene is a striking one. The "Yellow
Kid" !s descending the Rocky Mountains
in a balloon. Snow covers ihe rocks, a
bear is seen climbing a tree ! and a big
eagle Is perched on a bough, ready to
swoop down upon Its prey. Santa Claus
is seen crossing the mountains in his sled
pulled by reindeer. The next tableau
shows him as being up to date. He is
scorching to the homes of his little friends
on a bicycle, and he makes a striking fig
ure on his silent steed. Cinderella, en
route to the Prince's fete, is a gem in
decorative art. Little Red Riding Hood
conversing with the terrible wolf in the
heart of the woods is also shown. As the
little ones pass out a bearded Santa Claus
hands each one a box of candy or some
toy as a souvenir of their visit to his
realm.
Santa Claus, through his local agents.
Raphaels, Invites the boys and girls of
this city to visit him between 2:30 and 5
o'clock each day and in the evening from
1 7 to 8:30 o'clock.
BOBBED BY THE MAST WITH
WHOM HE HAD DRANK
Edward Fennessey Is Accused of Be
lieving Aged Bert Asper of
Sixty Dollars.
Edward Fennessey, an oiler out of a Job,
who was arrested early yesterday morn-
ing by Policemen C. W. Brown and W.
Casey on a charge of robbery, appeared
before Judge Fritz yesterday.
Fennessey is accused of having robbed
Bert AEper. an aged watchman, who re-
Eldes at 2967 Twenty-sixth street. Asper
says he went Into O'Connor's saloon, at
Twenty-fifth and Florida streets, Sunday
night and bought several rounds of drinks
for Fennessey and some of his friends.
Asper left about 3 o'clock Sunday morn
ing, Fennessey having gone out ten min
utes before.
Asper says Fennessey attacked him out
side and after knocking him down took
$60, a knife and some keys from his pock
ets. He said to Asper when he knocked
him down: "If you shout for help I'll
shoot you." W. E. Eick of 1308 Florida
street heard his threatening remark.
Police Officers Brown and Casey caught
Fennessey late Sunday night. The offers
found that Fennessey had deposited ;55
with John Butler, saloon-keeper at Twen
ty-fourth and Bryant streets. Sunday.
Fennessey had prepared to leave on a
sailing ship.
should be presented in evidence in this.
But when the photographs were brought
forward it was found that the negatives
from which they had been printed had
been mislaid and the photographs could
r.ot be identified to legal satisfaction. It
was a serious hitch until Stewart Mer
rill, who took the photographs, appeared
ALBERT HOFF, CHARGED WITH THE MURDER QF MRS. A. C. CLUTE.
AND SOME OF THE WITNESSES WHO HAVE APPEARED AGAINST
HIM ON HIS SECOND TRIAL.
Supervisor McCarthy presented a reso
lution at yesterday's meeting of the Su
pervisors directing the City Attorney to
bring suit against the Auditor and his
bondsmen to recover certain sums of
money alleged to have been illegally paid
by him to the Pacific States Telephone
Company. The money so paid Is on de
mands for telephones used by the city,
which McCarthy contends should not be
paid under the charter until the company
has paid to the city back license taxes on
its nickel machines amounting to over
$200,000. The resolution went over for one
week, and in the meantime the Auditor
will be cited to show cause why it should
not be adopted.
When the ordinance providing for the
purchase of the option on the franchise
of the People's Mutual Company by the
city for $1 came up for indefinite post
ponement on recommendation of the Judi
ciary Committee. Reed objected to the
procedure. He desired that it be laid over
until the City Attorney had rendered an
opinion as to what If any right the city
has to accept a grant of an option on the
franchise of the People's Mutual Company
without any money consideration, enter
ing into the acceptance.
Braunhart desired that the Judiciary
Committee be directed to ascertain the
value of Jhe property, the amount of
stocks and bonds, etc., owned by the com
pany. A resolution to that effect was
Reed objected to the resolution provid
ing for the expenditure of $475 to ventilat-s
and heat the Supervisors' cnambers.
• This money can be well spent," said
Reed, "for other purposes— for Instance,
to help In paving some of our streets."
The resolution went over for one week.
The Market Street Railway Company
petitioned the board for a twenty-five
year franchise for a street railroad Tun
ning from Third and Townsend sucets
easterly along Townsend street to Second
and northerly along Second street to
Brannan. In the petition the corporation
represents that among other lines of
street railroad owned by the petitioner is
a line upon Third street which extends
beyond Townsend, also a line on Town
send street from Third to Fourth and
northerly along Fourth street to Market;
also a line on Second street to Brannan
and a line on Brannan street crossing
Second: that it Is in the public interest
that said lines of railroad should be con
nected by the streets for which the fran
chise is asked. The petition was referred
to the Street Committee.
The resolution providing for the can
cellation of the assessment made by the
city against the San Mateo Electric Rail
way Company for the year 1900-01 was
adopted. The company riled a waiver of
any right It may have to recover the
taxes paid under the State assessment
should it be determined by the Supreme
Court that the City and County Assessor
was the proper official to make the assess
ment.
Claims Telephone Demands
Were Paid by Wells
Illegally.
McCarthy wants
auditor sued
FHILBBOOK AGAIN OPENS
ON THE STJPBEME COTJB.T
Eues ex-Justice Paterson for Damages
and Claims Harrison Is Bail
road's Friend.
Horace TV. Philbrook has cued ex-Jua
tice of the Supreme Court Van R. Pater
fon to recover $100,000 for alleged slander.
Philbrook alleges that Judge Paterson
epoke of him us folio we:
Hor&ce TV. Phl'brock la insane; be Is of nn
cound mind; he is cruzy. X am satisfied that
he le crazy. I hare seen him walking along
the streets cf San Francisco gaxlnj up into
the heaven* and talking to himself and loud
tnd Incoherently.
Judge Paterson tpoke these words. Phil
brook alleges, with full knowledge that
they were false, hecce he prays Judgment
as stated.
Though the euit is against Judge Pater
eon, Philbrook rakes occasion in his com
plaint to renew his attack on Justice
Ralph C. Harrison, who, he affirms, uses
his office for "the corrupt purpose of aid
ing the Southern Pacific Company."
severing Its contract with the Panama
people the middle of this month.
The name of the companies which will
put on the new line of steamers axe tho
Chilean South American Steamship Com
pany and the British-Pacific Steamship
Navigation Company. These two com
panies have heretofore been running their
steamers from Panama to Ocos. Now it
is proposed to come clear to the San
Francisco port and take the domestic
business that the Panama company has
been carrying over the Pacific Mall line.
in the afternoon and announced that he
had found the precious negatives. He
spent an hour on the stand during the
afternoon identifying his work, and
despite the time-honored objections made
by the defense the pictures were admit
ted.
George Russell, a policeman, identified
the diagrams.
The principal witnesses were Joseph
Donohue, a carpet-layer; William E.
Hayen, also a carpet-layer, and Miss S.
R. Blanchard, who rented the rooms at
803 Guerrero street to Mrs. Clute.
Miss Blanchard was shown the coupling
pin with which Mrs. Clute had been
beaten to death, and she said she had
never seen it around the house. She had
cleaned tho rooms just before she turned
them over to Mrs. Clute, and had there
been any such weapon in them she said
she would surely have seen It. She testi
fied that she rented the rooms to Mrs.
Clute on December 14. and she identified
a receipt for a month's rent dated De
cember 14. Miss Blanchard said she left
her house on December 14 and did not re
turn to it until the evening- of December
15, so she was away at the time Mrs. Clute
was killed.
The testimony of Hayen and Donohue
was nearly similar. They told how they
had come to the house to Jay carpets;
how they had laid one in the parlor,
where the coupling pin was afterward
found, and how they had seen no such I
article. Under cross-examination each
was asked If there was any use for such
an instrument In the business of a carpet
layer and both said they had no idea how
a carpet-layer could find use for such a
tool.
Mr. Deuprey made the opening state
ment for the people In the morning. He
told the jury the people would prove that
Mrs. Clute had been murdered with the
coupling pin, that the motivs was an un
natural one nnd that the defendant had
been traced from the scene of the crime
to the time of his arrest, and the people
would prove that he was the man who did
the deed.
Notes of Travel in Italy, Germany
and Netherlands— Pompeii and
Vesuvius — Day at the
Vatican.
James GIbb of San Francisco does not
belong to the ordinary type of tourists.
When he travels abroad he sees the
Eights, hears the talk and keeps, so to
speak, a log .of his Journeys. Seven
months ago, when his wife and daughter
told him that it would contribute to his
peace of mind and the span of his years
to loiter In the Netherlands, roam in Scot
land and take in England, Germany, Italy
and Switzerland, he accepted the sugges
tion in a spirit becoming a dutiful hus
band and progressive father.
Equipped with first-class credentials
Irom the State Department, Washington,
D. C, and reinforced by ample letters of
credit. Mr. Gibb set out for the Old "World
prepared to see and not afraid to be seen.
He has returned from his latest Journey
as he came from many previous excur
sions — with renewed enthusiasm for Cali
fornia in particular and the United States
in general.
W hat Mr. Gibb saw In Paris would make
a book, but he saw no fruit to be men
tioned in the same class with the pro
ducts of the California orchard. He can
not find praise 100 lavish to bestow on
Major lien Truman, Colonel \V. W. Koote
ana Colonel Varney Gaskill, representa
tives of California at the exposition.
Their hospitality was the joy of American
visitors. The apartments maintained
were central, accessible and ample. Tlie
Interpreter employed by the California
Commission retused to accept a tip for
explaining in detail the wonders of the
exposition. He readily assured Mr. Gibb
that the State paid for his services.
Of course, it must be understood that
the interpreter was employed by Califor
nia to guide and delight visitors who did
not speak the language of France in the
accents of the Parisian. The mistake must
not be made of supposing that Colonel
Foote and Colonel Gasklli need the as
sistance of an interpreter. Perhaps they
do not speak the language just as it
should be spoken to impart to the listener
the most delicate shade of meaning, but
the California gestures going with the
French articulations convey the entire
cense of meaning to the most obtuse Pa
risian. Major Truman acquired his mili
tary title and a knowledge of French long
before California appropriated 5130,000 for
exposition purposes, and therefore did not
have- to obtain either to enable him to
spend the mor.ey so generously appropri
ated by the-JLegislature.
Mr. Gibb found Holland a hive of In
dustry and a prosperous country. The
greatness of Germany in many respects
Impressed him, but he found England the
only country where the people appreciated
the magnitude and resources of tho
United States.
At Vesuvius Mr. Gibb did not loiter
around the foothills and look up, but went
to the top, with the aid of ropes at the
summit, and looked into the fog at tho
crater, getting a whiff of the fumes. In
the narrow streets of uncovered Pompeii
he took in the ordinary sights. Separat
ing himself from the throng, he went to
places in the old-time pleasure resort of
Rome where one cannot be admitted with
a lady or a camera.
The steamship Allen of the North Ger
man Lloyd line, bearing him from Naples
to New York, tarried six hours at Gibral
tar. Mr. Gibb was privileged to Inspect
the lower galleries of the impregnable
fortress, but was denied the opportunity
to pass Judgment on the high power ord
nanc* equipment of the upper tiers. On
tbe steamship an American army officer
and an officer of the British army sur
veyed the great rock. The former ex
pressed the hope that the fortress would
ever remain In British control. The lat
ter, responding, hoped that If it ever
passed from British possession tho Ameri
cans would get it.
The field of Waterloo was explored by
Mr. Gibb. The Scotch guide, who point
ed out all the points of great Interest,
observed the American flag in the but
ton worn by the tourist and took especial
care to explain the whole plan of cam
paign by Napoleon and the scheme of
resistance by . Wellington. When the
guide ascertained later on that Mr. Gibb
was an American born in Scotland lie
wanted to go over the battle-ground
again for love of country-
A day at the Vatican will linger long In
the memory of the observant tourist f ro/n
California. He saw che Pop* and was
i deeply impressed with the sacred gran
deur of the venerable man. He heard tho
acclaim of the populace and Baw the as
sembled pilgrims from the far-away
i Balkan States and Russia.
"I wedged In between two priests," eald
Mr. Gibb, "and was bo close to the Pope
¦ that I could have touched him had I been
j tall enough. I looked into the eyes of
i the aged Pontiff."
The scenes at the Vatican Impressed tho
tojirist with a sense of the Pope's vast.
Influence in this world.
Lingering at the Vatican the Callfornlan
tourist engaged in conversation with one
i of the keepers of the grounds. The keeper
i mentioned a rare piece of sculpture in tho
! renowned collection— a Venus of surpass
; ing grace and beauty. Mr. Gibb conveyed
j two francs to the kind keeper. Then came
the adoration.
The growth of -militarism In Great
i Britain did not escape the observa
i tion of the traveler. All the young men
' of the great nation were receiving lessons
j in the art of war. There is in the land
i a premonition of coming conflict. Tho
enemy may be FTance. perhaps Germany,
but all the English people hope that It
will not be the United States.
Hospitality of the California
Commission at Paris'"
Commended.
TOURIST NOTES
OF A MERCHANT
THE SAN FKANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1900.
THE second trial of Albert Hoft for
tho murder of 1 Mrs. A. C. Cluto
on December 15, 1897, has com
menced. It is not more than a
start, however, for the first day
was- spent In Identifying diagrams of the
house and rooms where Mrs. Clute was
killed, the identification of photographs of
the rcom3 and stairways and the testi
mony of three witnesses whose evidence
serves but to lay tho foundation upon
which the prosecution must build Its case.
Since the crime was committed at 803
Guerrero street the house has been re
fitted and altered, so It became necessary
that photographs taken for the first trial
Identifying Photographs and Diagrams and Clearing the
Way for More Important Testimony to Be
Drought CJut Later '
14
DIED.
HANL.ET— In this city, December 4, 1900, Mar-
garet Hanley, , dearly beloved wt<e of John
.. J. Hanley, mother of Willie and Margaret
. Hanley.' anfl sister of Mrs. "W. A. Sutcliffe. a
native of Shropshire, Rngland. - aged 32 years
on J 11 months.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Perfection
in Ceramics is what the
Utopian Art Pottery is called
Blended colors behind mists
of glaze.
Grecian Lamps
Vases
Candlesticks
Perfume Jars
Rose Jars
Ornaments '
Our Prices
Just Like. Finding Moneys
Great American Imjiortinff Tea Co.
CITY STORES.
210 Grant Ave., bet. Post and Sntteis
861 Market St., opp. Powell.
I4O Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.
112 Third St. 1819 Devisadero St.
146 Ninth St.. 20OS Fillmor* 6t.
3OO6 Sixteenth St. C2I Montgomery A»w
2S1O Mission St. 8285 Mission St.
70S Larkla St. 2732 24th 6t.
S55 Hayes St. 475 Haight 8U
62 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Washington St 1237 Broadway.
1185 23rd Are. 616 E. 12th St.
131O Seventh St.
ALAMEDA-1355 Park 8t.
6AN RAFAEL-B St. near Foarth.
The "DANN" RECLINING CHAIR $&&*
A Handsome Christmas MF2&&
Easy and Comtortsble. /r^SEI&r
Price $15. Come and see it.
VI. A. SCHROCK,
19 New Montgomery Street.
DR.MQNDLTY.
T'HIS WEfX-KXOWN AND RKLIABLR OLD
I Spcc!aJL<tS<fure*Rlfto<1 Poison, Gonorrhcea,G!«et.
Stricture, »«»mlii»l Weakness Impotence and ttialr
Allied Disorders. Hook on Diaeaan of Man fre* *f
OvprMyearV<»xp<>r«e!ice.T>rin* reasonable. rfonrO
3to3daily iSrSOtoS.aOeVBs. Sond»Ts». 10 to 13. Cnn-ml* '
tution free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
' P. ROHCOE MeXCLTY. JM. D
SOU Kearny St., Man Francisco, CaL
§ (/yg Ulltl (J (J / Yw
Our -third floor is filled with pretty nearly everything that the
youngsters want for Christmas, and you can buy with the certainty
that prices are at the lowest point— the big buying and bisr selling
of our six stores assure that.
Mechanical engines — each... Upright steam engines^ — each
91.1O OSc
Dolls' reclining sro-carts— Children's red chairs— each
each 91.47 25c
"The fire alarm" — a very ex- Game of football — latest edi-
citing game — each 91*15 tion— each GOe
"The night before Christ- The game of "A. B. C" — a
mas" — an interesting game for very interesting game for tbe
any number of players — each little ones — each OSc
4J)c . "The office boy" — an intense-
Dolls' hood top buggies — ly interesting game for bovs —
nicely upholstered, each . $2.95 each GOc
Santa Cfaus
That jovial fur-clad pilgrim from the far north will hold au-
dience in his ice palace to-day between to and 12. In the after-
noon, starting at 1 o'clock, he will make a tour around the city to
see his little friends — watch for him — he will have something for
you. His route will be from the store to Powell, to Post, to
Steiner, to Pine, to Devisadero, to Bush, to Scott, to Sutter, to
Buchanan,, to Eddy, to Market, to Hale's.
Holiday sale Holiday sale
of handkerchiefs of leather goods
The scattering of the great holiday One of the most Interesting 1 features
collection has begun. Thousands of of this magnificent collection Is the
.them have already found their way to surprisingly low prices on some o£
appreciative possessors— other .thou- the handsomest sorts,
sands take their clace upon our coun- Ladies' combination pocketbooks
ters. and* cardcases with roatal corners-
Children's printed border handker- each 50o
chiefs, put up three handkerchiefs In Genuine alligator or seal combtna-
fancy kid finished boxes with colored tlon pocketbooks and cardcases—
illustrations of fairy tales— also chli- each S2.50
dren's colored border initial handker- Ladles' combination pocketbooks
chiefs, put up three in fancy boxes— and purses with sterling sliver corners
either style, per box 25c —each $1.25
Continuation of the under-price sale of Wamsutta sheets and caset
If low price makes a value, high quality doubles it. That is
what makes this offering of Wamsutta sheets and cases at about the
cost of the uncut sheeting so extraordinary.
Hemmed sheets— Hemstitched sheets-
size 54x90 in.— each 5Oe size 63x99 In.— each. ._„. .TSo
size 63x90 in.— each 65c size 72x39 in.— each. ._........ .85o
size 72x90 In.— each 7Oo stz» 81x99 In.— each ..05o
size 81x90 in.— each 8Oc size 90x99 In.— «ach..._....S1.0O
size 90x90 in.— each 83c size 90x108 la.— each....~. $1.10
Hemmed cases— Hemstitched cases —
size 42x38 In. — each 16c size 43x36 In. — »aeh. 22Hc
size 45x38 In.— each ITVio size 4fx38H in.— each. .....~..... 25c
size 50x38 In.— each 22c size 60x40"* In.— each. .274o
size 50x23% In.— each --'ic size E<U40% in.— each 80o
We invite s£*& /n' i&£^>^^"* Purest and
on JSf — ¦= -Z~~^^*^ chocolate
advertised t "**"* ~~ — A creams
goods Market street, near Sixth, opposite 35c Pf pound
Golden Gate avenue.
Hale's.
) SSStewarTj^
Banjos J^Geo
\Jr $ and Guitars.
These instrn-
ments make ideal
Christmas presents, because,
they are first class in every
particular — in fact, they are
the finest made and can be
classed with Steinway Pianos,
Estey Organs, Courtois Band
instruments, etc, because of
their excellence.
In giving a Stewart ana Bauer
Instrument to a person musical-
ly Inclined you may be sure that
it will be highly appreciated and
will always serve aa a pleasant
remembrance.
When you are ready to pur-
chase se« Sherman. Clay & Co.'b
line of tfcese famous Instru-
ments. Vy -v
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.
8TEINWA7 FIAK0 DEALERS. . -- 1
Cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. 8. F.
Cor. 12th asd Broadway, Oakland. • \* {
Cor. Park and Was!*- _^^*\
711 Becond avenue, >^^"^f
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I An %
!r To our friends we *R
owe an apology. j£a
We were compelled Jbf
to close- down our 4t
( show, "Glimpses of fit
Fiiryland," yester- ?E
', day, on shorter no- Jg
tiee than advertised, *|a
, owing to the fact fe*
I that the crowd wis tp£
•more than we could 5»
handle in safety: '§Z
and having your 'ftgp
safety and interests ] gt
at heart, we thought
it the wisest course jwff
to pursue, as icith 3||l
/£j \ the immense crowds ?nr
£ ' we had yesterday an *u£i
accident would seem *&
T inevitable. Erf
$(• So the following
•M will be the hours for gy^
¦JtL those desiring to see J33
*?C "Glimpses of Fairy- yl
%X land" from vow till $&
Ept Ch risimas Eve: 12*
2g Mornings. 10 to 11. «&
j|jk You are all wel- S?
D£ come to see it, but we
gt want to insure your jfrfl
gV safety. JeL
RJ Trusting you will <3fc
«jV pirdon us for closing £gb
u£ this show down earl- JQ&L
|jtt ier than announced, ffl
*|g we are, yours very %£
«• Cor. Kearny Street and -S?
fK Union Square Avenue. *j|
J It's money In l * nST
! your purse to ;S*^* ™8¥r-
| watch our W co< "" ,
I SALES llllyj
j WOMEN'S HAND- 2Efe#^4$t>S
: CBOCttETED T&f^M
( BKIRTB. swut »fA
Made of best if 25 Wi#$&
quality German 51— 'i£ffiyR&&
yarn; all size. *I fgMM
and colors; regu- *S»E;J<K»iJ
¦ lar price $2; on 5«fc^££*V?
! tale to-day ffllPiPijr'
; WOMEN'S KNIT ! .
1 SKIRTS ' «•!'
I Machine 'xnado; j ¦ \}\
I ell 30lorj; regular j In » iV
| p*:ce We; en sale < K ]U>*v.
i Children • Haad-Croehetad Subset : Vv
1 made of beat quality worsted; on jT
I tale to-day at <r
; 20c, 35c, 48c, 74c and 08c.
> A reduction of from 15c to Mo for
each sacque. :
1 WOMEN'S JLANNEL GOWNS.
', Our factory Just turned la a new \
• lot of these nightgowns; again on
eale at' ;
! W0MKJTB 0VBB8KIET8
> made of navy blue and black oer(r»{ I
'¦ all sizes; our regular price Is $3; i
,V on sale to-day at ,
lj $193.
\\ WOMEN'3 WAISTS.
i. made of best quality French flan-
j {' nel; tucked front and back; -waist
; i and sle«ves lined; our regular $3 50
| ' Quality; on sale to-day at
$2.45.
i { We are offering great induce-
i ! ments to eerly holiday buyers of ¦
,( women's and children's handker-
jj chiefs.
] 1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
¦ Bet. Taylor and Jones.
Mall orders receive careful at ten- !
tlon. \
1 ¦ ¦• I
Hale's.