The passengers who had been" In the
wrecked cars were gathered into the ones
uninjured and the abbreviated train pro
ceeded on to Cornwall, where what as
sistance was necessary was given the
There was a greater danger down the
track, however, for the southern express
was close behind the Owl, and it, too, was
late and was making- time on its way to
San Francisco. Under the conditions
there was great darger of a rear-end col
lision, so one of the brakemen took a flag
and raced down the track to stop the on
comrng flier while there was yet time. He
caught the express . in time and it was
backed down the road again to come in
by way of Livermore, for the track where
the accident had occurred was so torn up
as to be impassable.
Prevent Collision.
Flagging an Express Just in Time to
DEATH COMING UP TRACK
The track— rails, ties and embankment
was torn up for abcut two hundred yarYls,
and the loose truck from the dining car
was- lying oft to one side, where it had
run after being detached from the for
ward end of the car.
Just behind tlje diner and lying 1 far over
on its side was the parlor car. Its.win
dows were broken and Its trucks twisted,
but otherwise it Jiad not been badly
Lrcken up. There were two boys in it
when it struck the embankment, but they
escaped uninjured, but much frightened.
turning from their wedding trip and wero
in the dining car when it left tho rails.
Mrs. Wells' was thrown -ov?r the seats
and was badly cut about the head and
face. Mr. Wells escaped with a few
bruises and cuts. Another passenger was
struck with broken glass that nearly cut
the clothes from him, but Injured only his
hands. He is congratulating himself on
his good fortune. Two of the stewards
who were in. the kitchen were .drenched
by tne?of>n,t&3ts "3f- the* coffee-boiler. "which
was turned' over, and both were badly
scalded. Several of the waiters were
shaken up. The car itself was a mass of
splintered timbers t>nd twisted iron.
OPPONElTXo TO SBASRETTX
Will Ask the Prelate to Retire In
Favor of a Cuban.
HAVANA, Nov. 23.— At a meeting held
in Havana to-day by the opponents of
Mgr. Sbarretti, Bishop of Havana. Gen
eral Gomez prtsented a resolution that all
the municipalities should semi the Bishop
telegrams Informing him that he was not
wanted by the Cubans and asking him to
retire in favor of a Cuban ecclesiastic.
All the speakers accused M?r. Sbarretti
of being too much of an American In his
points of view and of favoring annexation
.to tie United State*
Although the Imperial Ministers have
assumed wider powers in administration
since bis Majesty's illness began, the
whole machine of government Is affected
by his disability and many departments
One report says that the Emperor, In
addition to typhoid fever, with pectoral
complications, has "brain fever, the result
of the blow he received from a fanatical
policeman during his tour in. Japan, and
it is even asserted in some quarters that
trephanlng has become necessary.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 24.— From
three sources of Information directly con
nected with as many Ministers of State
the St. Petersburg, correspondent of the
Associated Press to-day ascertained that
imperial officials are becoming extremely
pessimistic regarding the condition of Em
peror Nicholas and assert that the Ll
vadia bulletins concede the gravity of his
Illness. In spite of the notorious ease
with which an alarmist rumor can be cir
culated in the Russian capital, many good
judges believe that the chances for the
Czar's recovery are diminishing.
"His Majesty slept well during the
right. This morning his general condition
and {strength are unsatisfactory. Tem
perature 99.5, pulse 75. No complications
whatever have been observe!."
"The Czar passed a quiet day yester
day. At 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon his
temperature rose to 103.8. The pulse was
E8. At 9 o'clock in the evening the tem
perature was 102.2 and the pulse S9. .
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 25. 12 m —The
folk wing bulletin was issued this mornir.g
at Live.dla: "V
At an early hour free circulation was
resumed In the streets about ¦ tho ' hotel,
whose only guardians, two policemen,
stood on either side ' of the principal en
tranced The number of pa?sers-by vras
not greater ' than the - ordinary Sunday
crowd. ''.Toward 3 p. " m., however, p3des
trians Increased and along the boulevard?
came - a hundred shouting and singing
boys. Their "advent Increased ; the entiiu
siasm. which was rapidly worked up. and
the streets began to fill. Cheers for Mr.
Kruger began and, the police immediately
established a cordon about the hotel. Sev
eral companies of republican -guards
auickly " arrived
This morning found him quite recovered
from his fatigue. After an early break
fast he conferred with Dr. Leyds. There
being no church of his own denomination
in Paris he . held ¦ a . private service in his
apartments, surrounded by his entourage.
Mr., Kruger read a portion of scripture
and a member of his suite reed a scrnr.on.
The" Boer statesman* expressed a jj de3ire
to have an organ to assist in the singing,
but this could not be obtained.
PARIS, Nov. 25.— Mr. Kruger .passed'
Sunday, with his family at the Hotel
Scribe, observing the Sabbath In accord
ance with the customs of his fatherland.
His apartments were closed to visitors
and he remained within them, indulging
himself in perfect rest. Although the
boulevards were alive to a late hour "last
night with- merrymakers singing 3ongs
the Hotel Scribe was cordoned ancl the
revelers did not disturb his rest.
Russian censorship prevents any leak
age of news. It 1b understood that' the
Czarina will remain at Llvadia for her
accouchement and - even, - under ¦ tha best
condition, it .will be impossible to remove
the Czar before February.
"Reports for the last two days indicate
a serious decline in the strength of the
Czar." t A i --'--". ; --i.'--.-"-"V ; S-V) "¦''¦'-'"
According to the Moscow correspondent
of the Daily Express, an "examination of
the water taken from the well used for
drinking purposes at Llvadia proved the
presence of typhoid germs. * An,, Ode-isa
dispatch to the Daily News, dated Thurs
day, eays:
LONDON. Nov. 26.— While the latest
bulletin regarding the Czar's condition lia
much less favorable than its predeces
sors, there is nothing as yet to ' confirm
alarming rumors. Queen "Victoria daily
receives a telegram from the Czarina and
it is understood that no' exceptional
anxiety is yet displayed.
"It Is persistently rumored in St. Pe
tersburg that the condition of Emperor
Nicholas Is critical. Well informed peo
ple here declare that the disease has made
far greater progress than the Czar's phy
sicians have publicly admitted. A fatal
issue is now gravely feared." *:.?-';
BERLIN, Nov. 25.— The following dis
patch dated St. Petersburg, November 23,
3:49 a, m., has been received here:
are almost at a standstill. Russian laws
and customs impose an immense burden
of detail work, particularly in the matter
of- signatures, -upon the Czar — for exam
ple, numerous special pensions, whose
payment on each occasion requires the
Emperor's name. .
In half an hour the scere resembled
that of yesterday. Responding to cries
and plaudits Mr. Kruger came for a mo
ment upon the balcony, accompanied by I
his granddaughters. Again at 5 o'clock
the tumult /was such that be reappeared,
but only for a moment.
During the afternoon and early evening
there was no falling- off in the number of
spectators. It was 10 o'clock before the
people had sufficiently disappeared to per
mit the circulation of carriages.
Some manifestations of an important
character occurred during the afternoon
in front of the offices of the Libre Parole
and "the Intranslgeant, but the police
quickly dispersed the demonstrators, ar
resting some who had uttered anti-British
cries.
Manj' cards were left at the Hotel
Scribe during the day. among them those
of M: Delcasse, Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, and other high officials of the For
eign Office.
Mr. Kruger will spend to-mor
row morning In conferring with the
Boer representatives. The afternoon
will be devoted ,' to receiving, depu
tations and prominent people who
have made appointments. No decision. It
Is understood, has been reached as to
when Mr. Kruger will leave Paris*. Ac
; cording to the best Information obtainable
i this evening he will remain here unt'.!
Wednesday evening or Thursday morn
ing. It is said that he will go directly to
Holland, not stopping in Belgium, where
he may so later on. !
PARIS BREAKS IN UPON
KRUGER'S SABBATH QUIET
CONDITION OF THE CZAR
REGARDED AS CRITICAL
"He will endeavor: to 'Isolate the com
mandoes," ; it says, "and to move sus
pected Boer families , Into garrisoned
towns. V He. w-Ul- clear; troublesome dis
tricts., (confining the population In -laagers;
If necessary, and will : take or destroy all
food supplies, 1 punish treachery by death
or .transportation, raze ; villages guilty, of
treasonable acts » and destroy, all , farms In
the i vicinity of I railway ¦ or telegraph cut-
After condemning the Government's re
fusal as "ruinous economy," the i Daily
Express goes oh to describe Lord Kitch
ener's "drastic plans of operations." . I
'We understand," says the Dally Ex
press th!s : morning, "that Lord Roberts
recently/ requested t the ; Government' to
send 20,000 regulars to South Africa to re
lieve the same number still in the field,
but that his request was declined on; the
score of expense." -'.¦! . ~
LONDON, Nov. 25.— The Lourenzo
Marques correspondent of the Daily Mail
sends a Portuguese report that 150 British
have been killed and 50 wounded at Lom
ahache by the Boers! The Burghers, who
were estimated to, number 1200, afterward
returned to Swaziland. The correspond
ent ridicules report.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
One Hundred and Fifty
Reported Killed in.
Battle at Som
ahache..
BRITISH FORCE
SAiD TO HAVE
LOST HEAVILY
Continued on Second Page.
President Back in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.-President Me-
Kinley, the members of the cabinet and
Secretary Cortclyou. who attended the
Union League banquet !n Philadelphia
la.«t night, returned to Washington at
7:80 o'clock this morning.
Message Will Recommend That Sil
ver Be Made Interchangeable
With Gold.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 25.-It is under
stood that President MeKinley will insert j
in his message to Congress a general 1
recommendation for such an amendment i
to the currency law of last March as will i
place the jrold ftandard beyond the reach
of £uct-e?sful assault. It is believed this ;
can be done by making all forms of mone,- '<
Interchangeable, as wa? suggested to Con
frrops last winter. - This would require that
sliver dollars, as well as grf-enbacks and
treasury notes, shall be interchangeable
with gold at the option of the holder.
This financial recommendation is the
most interesting bit of news that has been
learned about the President's message,
because it was not expected. Until two
days ago his decision had born to make
no reference to the currency law what
ever.
On the subject of the government of our
dependencies, the most important part in
the message will deal with » the Philip
pines. The President, it is said, will take,
the view that the time has come to ter
minate the control of the Philippines un
der war power and that the President
should be authorized by Congress to pro
vide for civil government, using th,. army
to maintain order until the scheme of
home rule shall have been completed.
This will probably be done under the
Spooner bill, which Is now pending in
the Senate. The bill provides ihat when
the insurrection has been, suppressed all
the military, civil and Judicial powers for
poverning the islands shall b© vested in
fuch person and persons as the President
fhall direct.
Much space vrill be devoted to the sub
ject of an isthmian canal, based upon the
report of the Canal Commission, which
will be in the hands of the President very
Fnon. The President will recommend the
ratification of the Hay-Pauneefote treaty
and his references to the construction of
ihe canal will mean the Nicaraguan.
President MeKinley will suggest that
steps be tiken at once for bringing the
army up to about 100,000 men.
PRESIDENT TO SUGGEST
CURRENCY LEGISLATION
Crash Came.
MRS. WEIXS' INJURIES.
She Was at Breakfast When the
As soon as the train reached Oakland
Mr. Wells and his wife, who was Miss
of the cars and finally allowed a short
rail to bend In the middle, and lift oue
end; at the joint. . The appearance of the
broken rail seemed to ¦ Indicate that it
had been cracked for some time and that
the pounding of the heavy cars of tho
Owl was only the last of weeks of travel
that had finally broken It in two. If the
facts as reported be true the track was
in such a condition that any good. section
hand could have seen and rr -rted the
defective rail and the accident is due to
lack of proper inspection of the roadbed.
A. K. P. Harmon, the Insurance man,
who resides opposite the Hush residence,
at East Fourteenth street and Twenty
eighth avenue, was a passenger on the
train. He said:
"I was sitting In the library car at the
"As soon as the confusion was over I
gave Mrs. Wells such attention as I could.
The conductor called for a physician and
was very good to us. We are very thank
ful that my wife's injuries were not more
severe. The accident will not Interfere
with our trip to Japan."
"The shake-up was so entirely unexpect
ed that we were not In the least prepared
to meet it. We were sitting on the side
of the car which toppled over against the
embankment.
SCENE OF THE WRECK AS THE FORWARD TRUCK OF THE DINING
CAR WAS TORN FROM ITS FASTENINGS AND THE TWO REAR
CARS WERE DERAILED.
The engine and the first three cars
passed over the loose rail In safety, and it
was the rear truck of the fourth car that
threw it out. It was thrown In such a
manner as to catch the forward truck of
The Owl was behind time and the en
gineer was trying to catch up with the
schedule. The train consisted of three
sleepers, a baggage car. a dining car and
a chair or parlor car. the parlor car being
last ar.d the dir<ing ear next to It. Most
of the passengers had had breakfast, and
when the accident occurred there were
but three or four besides the stewards and
waiters in the diner.
Francisco, struck a loose rail
bet-ween Cornwall and Antioch and three
of Its six cars were thrown from the track
and two were wrecked. The accident oc
curred in a cut and the sides of the em
bankment prevented the derailed cars
from turning over. But for this Instead of
a small list of bruises and scalds, there
might be a long list of dead and Injured
to report.
's- -4*
WHILE flying along at fifty
miles an hour yesterday
morning. the Owl special com
ing from Los Angeles to San
The dining car was a wreck and the par
lor car was nearly as bad. The passen
gers at breakfast had been thrown over
ihe seats and, all had been more or less
bruised and cut by the broken glass that
was scattered all over them. Mr. and
Mrs. Frank R. Wells of Fruitvale were re-
It was known at once in all the forward
cars that some accident had happened, for
the occupants' had felt the unusual Jolt
as the forward cars passed safely over the
bad spot, and they felt the lurch of the
train as the rear cars were torn loose and
the forward end, relieved of their weight,
sprang forward until the air brakes
ground into the wheels and brought the
engine and forward cars to a standstill.
Warning of the Danger.
Passengers in. Forward Coaches Get
ALL CARS ABE JOLTED.
The parlor car came after the diner
and followed it off the ties, un
coupling itself as it lurched ! for
ward, and it, too, brought up against
the embankment In time to save
Itself from capsizing." In the mean
time the third sleeper, its rear truck hav
ing been thrown from the rails, bumped
along over the ties uniil the strain be
came too much for its draw bar and it
too wrenched Itself free of the coupling.
The uncoupling of a car always auto
matically applies its brakes, and so the
third sleeper did not run far nor did its
front truck leave* the rails. The forward
end of the train ran on a short distance
further and then stopped.
the Cining car and tear it away, throw
ing the car to the side and wrenching it
free from the train. The car dashed off
to the side of the track, and brought;, up
against the side of the cut'just'as it was
about to tip over.
"We were eating breakfast when the
crash came. The car was thrown oft the
track and tipped against the bank. I was
thrown half out of my chair. Mrs. Wells
was violently shaken and the bit3 of
broken glass that flew about cut her on
the head and cheek. /
Jean Hush, went at once to the Hush resi
dence at Fruitvale. Mr. Wells said:
The original cause of the trouble was a
loose tie that gave way under the weight
bruised and badly shaken-up travelers.
Then the Owl came on to the city and a
wrecking train was sent up to clear the
road. The track was clear again last
night, and in the- meantime the trains
from the east of the break were sent in
by way of Livermore.
Owl Special Going Fifty Miles an Hour- Strikes a Loose
Pail Mrs. Frank R. Wells, a Bride, the Most Seri
ously Injured, Suffers From Bruises About the Head.
TWO CARS OF A FLYING TRAIN FILLED WITH
PASSENGERS HURLED FROM THE RAILS AND
GROUND TO PIECES AGAINST AN EMBANKMENT
SEATTLE. Nov. 23.— Lieutenant Solon
Arnold, the naval officer who disappeared
here on Thursday night and was thought
to have met death In the Sound, was
found in the Seattle alums this morning,
dressed in rags and bereft of reason.
He now lies at the home of friends in
this city, near death's door, his mind al*il
wandering and his physical health, never
good since an Illness at Manila a year ago.
temporarily shattered by the unaccus
tomed exposure. A severe attack of pleu
risy Is threatened.
There is every reason to believe that
Lieutenant Arnold's present condition is
In part the result of foul plav. His hea»l
and face are badly bruised, the deepest
trash being on the top of the skull, where
a heavy blow was apparently received. Of
the clothing he wore when found not a
single garment was nis own. Even his
underclothing had been removed ami
coarse, dirty substitutes provided. Th.3
shoes we were were several sizes too
large, dirty and much the worse for
wear. His trousers and coat were torn.
The amount of plunder obtained by the
robbers of Lieutenant Arnold ¦will prob
ably never be exactly known. Everything
he had of value was stolen. Hla money,
the amount of which Is not known, bur
Is supposed to have been less than $100.
was eone. When he left the naval sta
tion he had a fine gold watch and chain.
Even a bloodstone ring— his class ring a;
Annapolis, which he highly prized — wa*
removed from his hand.
Lieutenant Arnold's disappearance was
probably the result of a temporary aber
ration of mind, from which he has not
recovered. Several times during the past
year he has had such fits, the results of
the severe illness which caused his re
turn from Manila on the hospital ship
Solace In October, 1SM>. The last one pre
vious to the Seattle attack occurred in
Portland two months ago, when he was
not himself mentally for two days. At
that time, however, he was In the midst
of friends and received the utmost at
tention until the passing of tha Illness.
He wa3 ill when he was ordered to
Bremerton two weeks ago and had been
off duty for several days prior to his
coming to Seattle last Thursday. He was
en route to Tacoma, but that he was even
then out of hi3 mind is shown by the fact
that when he went to the railroad station
immediately after landing here he called
for a ticket to Portland Instead of Ta
coma, and. when he later boarded the
train, engaged a sleeper to Portland.
While waiting for the train to start ho
wandered out of the sleeper and in his
clouded mental condition vras unable to
find his way back. In the darkness of the
railway yards and the water front h<*
probably met the robbers. His mmtal
aberration cannot be charged to Intoxi
cants, as Lieutenant Arnold, according to
his friends, has never been a drinking
man.
The story of what Lieutenant Arnold
passed through between R o'clock Thurs
day night and 11 o'clock Sunday morning
will never be fully known, but it is little
wonder that the experience has brought
him near to death. During sixty hours
of exposure there is little probability that
he found any better shelter than the
| drinking resorts of the water front.
Lieutenant Arnold 13 an engineer of
high standing in the navy- Practically all
of his service has been on this coast and
on the Pacific. From 1S33 to 1SS3 he was
stationed at Mare Island, Cal. He was
then transferred to the "Wheeling, and for
three years and eight months cruised with
her. Shortly afterward the Wheeling was
ordered to Manila and he saw service
there. In September, 1S39, his health broke
down and he was sent home on the hospi
tal ship Solace. He had gone to Manila
strong and healthy, weighing 175 pounds:
he returned weak and broken In health,
weighing but 130. He was allowed a three
weeks 1 rest In California and was then
sent to Portland to superintend the con
struction of the torpedo-boat destroyer
Goldsborough. He was ordered to Bre
merton two weeks ago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
While Suffering From Temp)rary
Aberration of Mind He Wanders
Into Disreputable Quarter.
Bruised and Bereltol Reason
He Is Found in ttie ,
Slums.
— • —
ROBBERS RIFLE HIS POCKETS
Naval Officer Falls
Victim to Seattle
Thugs.
LIEUTENANT
ARNOLD IS
SANDBAGGED
Frank H. Hamilton came to this city
last spring and has fince been employed
as sr-crtirg editor on one of the local
papers. He has a wealthy uncle in New
York.
Coroner Nelson, at the request of friend?
cf the prisoner and the dead man, held
en iniuest this afternoon, when all of
the witnesses of the tragedy testified.
None saw the fatal blow struck, but all
c greed that Hamilton was the only man
with whom Day had been fighting.
George and Day, in company with C. S.
Force, another society notable, were play-
Ing pool, when Hamilton and a few of his
friends entered. Hamilton and Day be
gan quarreling:. An effort was made to
separate them by several bystanders and
for a few moments cuiet was restored
XJien th« trouble broke out anew And
ended or.!y when Day lay dying on th-=
floor. Hamilton, with whom he had been
fighting, waj? the first to bend over him
end offer aid, but It was too late, for «n
five minutes the injured man was dead
The men who had taken a hand in the
effray at once left the place, but were
later found by the police, who took charge
of the case.
The tragedy took place in the billiard
room of the hotel at 2 o'clock in the
morning after a quarrel over a woman,
participated in by Hamilton. Day and a
number of other prominent men. During
the fight Fred George, a society leader,
was badly cut on the right hand.
Hamilton, who has been in the custody
cf detectives since the tragedy, was noz
formally placed under arrest until late
this morning:, when the Coroner's jut
returned a verdict holding him responsible
for the death of Day.
Special Dispatch to Th* CalL
MINNEAPOLIS. Nov. 25.— Frank H.
Hamilton, a newspaper man. is a prisoner
at the Central police station charged with
murder as the result of the stabbing to
death of Louis Day. a young millionaire
Bocicty man of this city, at the West
Hotel early this morning.
Principals in the Tragedy and Those
Who Witness It Prominent in
Mill City Eociely Circles.
FATAL QUARREL OVER A WOMAN
Louis Day Comes to His
Deatti During a Brawl in
a Billiard Hall.
Sporting Editor State
and Kills His
Rival
MURDERS
MINNEAPOLIS
MILLIONAIRE
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26, a 900.
VOLI&1E LXXXVIII— NO. 179.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.'Stops the Cough
And worlw off - th» Cold. Laxative Broroo-
Quinlne Tablets cure a cold In on* day. No
Cure, Kp P^j-, JPrlct 35 cent* p
of Deputies has rejected a proposal
brought forward by the socialists to re
duce army expenditures 100,000,000 francs
and to cut down the army corps from
twelve" to eight.
Rifles for Venezuela.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Nov. 25.— The
Venezuelan Government has received
from Germany 10,000 Mauser rifl*« *nd 3.
000,000 cartridges, • - " ¦\.'
To Maintain the Army.
ROME, Nov. 25.— The Italian Chamber
Article.
HAVANA. Nov. 25.— It is eald that Gen
eral Rodriguez, Mayor of Havana, has
challenged Senor San Miguel, editor of La
Lucha, to fight a duel in consequence of
an alleged libelous article attacking the
integrity of tbe Mayor's office. General
Rodriguez has named Senor Alonan as his
second.
La Lucha published a statement to-day
that it had no intention of attacking the
character of the Mayor. Both parties
deny that the matter will be carried any
further, but the friends of both say that
the denial is only a ruse to put th© police
off tbe scent.
City's Executive Seeks Reparation
for an Alleged Libelous
MAYOR OF HAVANA TO
FIGHT WITH AN, EDITOR
CONSTANTINOPLE. Nov. 25.— A diffi
culty has -arisen between Germany and
Turkey. The Ottoman Government objects
to Germany using Farsan Island In the
Red Sea as a coaling station and .wishing
to establish there a Turkish depot acces
sible to all the powers. Germany, how
ever, insists that she will not abandon the
Jsland. «.
ment in a Dispute.
Germany and the Ottoman Govern-
AT OUTS WITH TURKEY.
- LONDON. Nov. 23.— The German bark
Arnold, which arrived at Falmouth to-day
from Victoria, B. C, whence she Bailed
June 7, reports that her master. Captain
Pecken, died during the voyage.
NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— The British fruit
steamer Adler arrived to-day from Port
Llmon and reported that Captain W. Reid
of that steamer had died of yellow fe
ver on November 1. The authorities at
Port Llmon would not allow- the burial
of th» body ashore and the Adler was
obliged to steam outside the harbor and
bury the remains at sea. Captain Reid
was 30 years of age and a native of Ab
erdeen, Scotland. The chief officer,
Waite, brought the steamer to this port.
The Adler is held at quarantine for dis
infection.
TWO SHIP MASTERS
DIE WHILE AT SEA
and Captain Fecken of the
Arnold Pass Away.
Captain W. Reid of the Steamer Adler
ago John Sullivan, an old bachelor, died
at Seattle, leaving- an estate valued , at
fSOO.OOO. Sine© then attorneys for the es
tate have searched all over the country
for relatives, finally discovering ¦*
nephew and niece of the dead man Hvlujr
in Butter They are Dennis Sullivan, a
miner, and his sister. Mrs. Charles Cra
mer.
Nephew and Niece of the Late John
Sullivan Found.
BUTTE, Mont., Nov. 25.— Several weeks
HKCRS TO A FORTUNE.
The citizens of Pagosa Springs. were this
morning horrified by tile discovery of tho
body of a man in the hot springs. Tho
body was at once removed and was found
to bo literally cooked, the. temperature of
the water of the springs being over 160
degrees. Investigation disclosed the fact
that the man was a stranger In town,
who had arrived the evening before and
whose name was Smith. Anyway, that
was. the name he gavo as his own. Noth
ing could be found that would solve his
Identity. He was without money and com
mitted suicide by leaping Into the scald
ing spring.
Man Who Gave the Name of Smith
Ends His Life at
Pagoso.
PAGOSA JUNCTION. Colo.. Nov. 25-
COOKED TO DEATH
IN A BOILING firAING
CONDITION VERY CRITICAL.
Commissioner Wilson Weaker, but
Still Retains Consciousness.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.-Tha condition
of Commissioner Wllsoi. Is critical to
night. H© is weaker than yesterday, but
still retains consciousness.
The first great, crying need of Porto
Rico, the report says, is good roads. At
tho time of the American occupation
there was only one really good road, that
from Ponce to San Juan, and most of the
island remains without other means of
reaching a market or communication be
tween towns than over dilapidated and
dangerous trails, often impassable for
days, as all streams there are torrential.
The productiveness of the soil is bo great
and the necessities of existence so inex
pensive that people can and do live and
multiply in the mountain districts, but re
main forever poor and Ignorant. Perma
nent roads, it Is predicted, will work out
the sadly needed reforms in education.
The Commissioner proposes to suggest to
the Legislature that a loan be floated
larpe enough to build the roads at once.
The report of the president of the Board
of Health of Porto Rico says the number
of lepers in the Island probably does not
exceed 100, and it Is confidently believed
that the disease can be totally extermi
nated in a few years by careful segrega
tion of every case as it is discovered.
During the early history of Porto Rico
Governors and Captains General held or
assumed the right to make grants of land.
Grantees appropriated land in excess of
their 1 original boundaries and their suc
cessors claim ownership. Many grants
were abandoned. 'In numerous Instances
intruders took possession. Prior to Amer
ican occupation the Spanish Government
ordered a careful listing of real property
in each municipality, but either because
of the expense or for political reasons
failed to execute the work. This listing,
according to tbe Commissioner, must be
accomplished before the numerous ques
tions of ownership can be definitely deter
mined.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.— The Commis
sioner of the Interior for Porto Rico, Wil
liam H. Elliott, In his annual report to the
Secretary of the Interior says that the
most expert manipulation as well as de
tective Ingenuity will be needed to untan
gle the mass of cross titles, duplication
and lapping of grants and concessions and
unauthorized occupation of public lands
that have grown with the centuries of
rule In the Interest of the favored few.
The archives of the island were found in a
disordered condition. Many records of
cases never have been closed and are
mixed with those disposed of. Rearrange
ment and classification are necessary prior
to investigation.
GrGod Roads Necessary for
the Development of
Country.
CRYING NEEDS
OF PORTO RICO
Mrs. Harrington has been cared for by
her relatives since she was found. Bhe
is now living with relatives at Hacken
sack, N. J. The Government haa been
paying her a pension of $15 a month, but
a bill is before Congress to give her a
\a.Ter.r allow**"*- ¦ .
"Just as we swung up the hill," says
Paints-Himself-Brown. "& your.g officer,
well mounted, darted out from among his
fellows and rode etraipht at us. His dar
ing bewildered the Indians and he had
broken through our line before we real-
Ited that he was making a desperate dash
to save his lifo. He escaped to the open
prairie?, pursued by seven Indians. His
mount was fresher ihan ours and he gain
ed so rapidly that six of us turned back,
saying: 'L*t thf> w.-ite man go. It is well
that one should escape to tell how In
dians fight for their lands and their
squaws.'
"One Indian, better mounted than the
others, continued tho chase, and Lieuten
ant Harrington *« horse finally began to
falter and the Indian gained rapidly. Then
the horse of the pursued man floundered
and fell. Lieutenant Harrington raised
his pistol to his head and sent a bullet
through his brain. His body lay in the
bed of Dry Lak<\ several miles from the
scene of the massacre, which accounts
for the fact that it was not discovered
by General Terry.
NEW YORK. Nov. 23.— Lieutenant Har
rington's widow concluded that her hus
band h3d been captured by the Indians
axid burned at the stake. She brooded
over her husband's death continually, and
while visitirg her sister in Texas In 1SS5
she was afflicted with aphasia, lost her
memory and disappeared. Her father'ad
vcrtised for information of the missing
woman in the Herald and kept advertising
for two years and nine months. In a lit
tle town in Arkarras in February, 1SS8,
Mrs. Harrington picked up a newspaper
containing a Herald advertisement in
¦which she read that information was
wanted concerning the whereabouts of
Mr*. Grace Harrington, wife of Lieuten
ant Harrington. Then the woman recall
*-d that that was her name and this seem
«d to restore her memory of her sister and
brothers. She communicated with her
sister, who went to Arkansas and took
Mrs. Harrington to Wichita, Kan.
During the two years and nine months
cf her absence it is be'.ieved Mrs. Har
rlngrton wandered aimlessly over the West
and Southwest, unconscious of her identi
ty and without funds or means of living.
She had on the same dress when taken
to h*r Ulster's home that she wore when
she disappeared. Her gown was in rags.
Mrs. Harrington's face showed the strain
caused by her suffering. Her features
were drawn and 6he was deathly pale.
All Phe remembered was that she left
Fort Worth to find her husband's body.
Relatives have always believed that Mrs.
Harrington subsisted on the charity of
persons whom she met.
Lieutenant Harrington broke through a
horde of redskins and raced for his life.
Being pursu^i, he pent a bullet through
his head to escape capture and torture.
Faints-Himself-Brown. an Indian who
fought under Sitting Bull and who was
present at the death of Custer, has told
the ocrrospondc-nt of The Call the 6tory
of Lieutenant Harrington's desperate and
almost puccpssful flight. Custer and his
men had formed on a knoll and fought
with desperation until the final charge of
Indians overwhelmed them. Then they
wero all dead tut one.
FORT YATES, Nov. 25.— Again have the
awful particulars of the massacre of the
Little Big Horn in 1£76, which coFt the
lives of General custer and his devoted
follower?, been told by one of the In
dians who participated in the slaughter.
This time light is shed upon the fate of
Lieutenant Harrington, which has hereto
fore been shrouded with mystery.
Lieutenant Harrington's body was the
only one not found on the battlefield, and
for years there was a persistent rumor in
existence that he was still alive, having
been carried into captivity, in spite of the
assertion made by the Indians that no
•white man who entered the Bad Lands
with Custer survived the massacre.
How the Last Survivor of
Custers Command Went
to His Death.
SUICIDE RATHER
THAN TORTURE
NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— The new French
line steamship La Lorraine, which arrived
to-day, experienced a hard trip across tha
Atlantic. In addition to the weather,
which was very rough, several accidents
occurred to the machinery which caused
the vessel to slow down while repairs were
being made. Her bridge rail was smashed
and there was a dent In the smoking room
roof caused by the giant waves which
broke over her forward.
" Two seamen are in the ship's hospital.
One man was struck on the head by the
nozzle of a hose. The other was swept
across the deck by a wave and landed
against the rail with his knee badly hurt.
juries Due to Storms.
Steamer La Lorraine Sustains In-
EXPERIENCES BAD WEATHER.
It will be necessary to lay heavy an
chors and run large hawsers to the
steamer and heave her off inch by Inch to
deeper water before the tugs can move
her entirely clear of the shore. A wreck
ing barge left the breakwater this even-
Ing with the necessary anchors and haw
sers. It will no doubt take several tides
to float her. . '
The Margaret Jones is owned by tho
Margaret Jones Steamship Company of
Cardiff. She Is consigned to Peter Wright
& Sons, Philadelphia. The vessel is 306
feet long and of 4812 net tons burden.
LEWES. Del., Nov. 25.— The British
eteamer Margaret Jones, Captain Thomas,
in ballast, from Malta for Delaware
Breakwater for orders, stranded at 3
o'clock this morning directly opposite the
Isle of Wight life-saving station, near
Ocean City, Md. She was immediately
discovered by the life savers, who manned
.their surf boat and went to her assist
ance. The steamer Is well upon the beach,
about fifty yards from low-water mark.
She Is lying easy In a moderate sea and
perfectly tight. The captain and crew re
fused to leave the steamer, so the life
cavers returned to shore with dispatches
from the captain.
Stranding of the Margaret
Jones Near Delaware
Breakwater.
LARGE STEAMER
GOES ASHORE
"The official advices Inform me, that the
train made up of cars forming Lie.com
bined Owl and Sunset limited left the
track between Antloch i and Cornwall ¦ at
10 o'clock this morning. I understand that
though four cars left the track; and be
came total wrecks no one was : seriously
injured. The cause was a short rail.. The
train was running behind time. The traf
fic will be sent by way of JLlvermore until
the track has been r cleared, which wiil
be a matter of a few hours.", .
That is the way J. 'A." Fillmore, general
superintendent of • the Southern Pacific,'
describes what'might have been the most
Berlous railroad accident that has * hap •
D«ned on the California llnea , JCgr y.earp, ? *
FILLMORE'S TBITB REPORT.
Sansone and Dellla, a team of equil
ibrists, who were billed to open at the
Orpheum Theater, were In the dining car
at the time of the accident and Miss De
llla was so badly shaken up she cannot
appear at the theater this week.
The following named were among those
on the wrecked train, but all escaped In
jun':
Chester M. Thompson, Los- Angeles;
Lynn Hehn, Los Angeles; Theodore
i_ansfield. New York; Kd.-J. Marx, St.
Louis; F. H. Sherman, Nev York: P. J.
Dobson, Seattle: Mrs. L. Levy and sister.
Denver; R. H. Raphael, Los Angeles; J.
Marx, New York; S. Hoxie Ciark, wlfo
and family, St. Louis; H. L. Gillig, New
York.
"Two young boys in the chair car.
which was ahead of the diner, had a nar
row escape. They came out with but a
few scratches but say they had a lively
shake-up. I think we can all think our
selves lucky we came out alive."
"It was a miraculous escape. Think of
It— a train of heavy coaches plowing
along, some say, at fifty miles an hour;
but my actual experience leads me to be
lieve tho actual speed was greatly in ex
cess of this estimate— leaving the track.
I cannot seo how so few escarped death
and injury but for the fact that the ac
cident occurred in a cut and the cars ran
Into the embankments softened by tho
heavy rainfall.
Jacob Marx, a New York drummer, was
on the train in one of the cars that safely
crossed the point of danger. In speaking
of the accident he said yesterday:
TALE OF A PASSENGER.
Division Superintendent Agler said:
"A broken rail caused the accident. I
am glad that there were no serious inju
ries to any of the passengers. The train
men report that the rail was snapped by
the engine, a not unusual occurrence, In
spite of the fact that this was a steel rail,
weighing sixty pounds to the foot."
Engineer A. B. Neft said:
"I was running at my usual rate of
speed at' that point. I don't know how
tho accident occurred. It Is one of those
peculiar affairs that tho best of railroad
men cannot account for."
"We were running late, but were not
making up time when the break* oc
curred."
"In order to save "the passengers and
Mrs. Wells, who we believed was seriously
hurt, I chained on the first sleeper that
was not damaged and brought It through
to Oakland.
"Then I found the broken rail that
caused tho trouble. It had been severed
four feet back of the iishplate Joint.
"We were running fifty miles an hour
when the engine broke the rail, an acci
dent that would happen on any railroad.
We were an hour and fifty minutes behind
time. When the rail broke I was in the
sleeper going through the train. I felt the
Jolt and Jumped for the overhead straps,
to which I clung until the train came to
a standstill. Then I rushed back and
found the three coaches, including the
diner, off the track. The drawhead had
broken and separated the train. As soon
as possible I had Mrs. Wells* Injuries at
tended to.
L.. Bardo, conductor of the train, said:
THE TRAINMEN'S STOBIES.
head of the train when'I felt a sudden Jolt
and the rumble of carwheels as the brakes
suddenly Jammed down upon them. There
was a sudden sag in the track perceptibly
felt on the running train Just before the
accident. Several passengers noted the
drop and said there was a bad place in
the track. As soon as the train Btopped
I jumped out and ran back and found the
diner and two other cars — a sleeper and
a day coach — lying half turned over
against the bank. The car windows and
the end of the diner were
"When we got back to tho diner we
found the Wellses and the two theatrical
people the only occupants. It was only
that embankment that prevented the
wreck from being a serious disaster."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.— In a report to
the Navy Department dated Cavite. Octo
ber 15, Rear Admiral .Kempff, senior
squadron commander of the Asiatic fleet,
tells of the disposition at that time of the
many: American vessels under his com
mand. He says that the gunboat \ 111a
lobos had returned to Cavite with Captain
Devereaux Shields and the company of
the Twenty-seventh Infantry, who were
captured by the insurgents in Marinduque.
Twelve hundred soldiers scoured the isl
and. Admiral Kempff says, and compelled
the insurgents to surrender the prisoners.
The gunboat General Alava saUed on Oc
tober 4 for Subig and Sulamoga. Thejpun
boat Basco arrived at Cavite 'October 11
with a report concerning the circum
stances attending the recovers' of the re
mains of Naval Cadet Wood and Machin
ist Gray, who were killed on the Urdan
etta in the Oriana River. She reported
lorne insurgent activity ashore on the
north side o? Manila Bay u Reports of ves
sels around Cape Loyte. Bohul and Samar
indicate considerable activity among the
Insurgents. The gunboats Qulrris and
Bennington had sailed with an expedition
against Blnangonan. .A.t the date of the
report the gunboats Bennington, Castine.
Concord, ijyte. Manileno, Samar. Urdan
ttta, Isla de Cuba, Isla de Luzon, Manila.
Basco. Arayat. Callao. Panay and Para
gua were doing patrol duty throughout
1 All'the naval patrol stations in the arch
ipelago Have been given distlnctive.letters.
It is apparent from the statement , con
tained in the report of the present disposi
tion of gunboats that the coast of 2am
boanga. a large island in \ the southern
portion of the archipelago, Is being closely
patrolled, the Isla de Luzon, Manila, Cal
fao and Manlleno (soon • to - be ¦ relieved ¦ by
the Calamianes) being assigned to that
duty. ". - ' '¦:¦'.'- :
of Philippines.
Bear Admiral Reports of the Patrol
WOBK OF KEMPFFS FLEET.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.— In view of the
probable call upon the War Department
to make a sudden Increase In the enlisted
strength of the army, after the present
regular force has been discharged, it is
a matter of considerable Interest to see
what may be done by the various
recruiting offices toward building up the
new regiments 'when the number and
strength of these is determined by the
passage of the army reorganization bill.
It Is said at the War Department that for
several months past the principal trouble
is to keep from overcruiting the various
regiments now In the service. In spite of
the fact that active war hardly can be
said to exist even In the Philippines,
there has been strong pressure for enlist
ment, and the recruiting offices, it Is said,
have been able to pick and choose men of
a high standard of excellence, owing to
the large number of applicants. The de
partment counts with considerable confi
dence on the re-enlistment of a . large
number of men whose term of service will
expire on June 30, 1902.
At the same time, if the army reorgani
zation bill provides for a permanent force
of 60,000 men or over (and it Is not thought
likely that It will fall below this figure),
there will be 33,000 men to enlist between
tho date of the passage of the bill and
the discharge of the present regulars on
the 30th of June. Tho chief recruitng offi
cer of the department, Major Johnson,
says it is impossible to make any predic
tions as to the speed with which the re
cruiting Is being carried on, but it will de
pend largely upon the number of officers
detailed for the recruiting service. When
the Spanish-American war was officially
declared to be ended and the discharsro of
the volunteers rendered the recruiting of
fresh regiments Impossible there were
25,000 new men added to the regular estab
lishment in the space of about six weeks.
In ppite of the fact that the volunteer offi
cers at that time were recruiting all over
the country to till up the volunteer regi
ments. The first regiments realized for
tho regular service were recruited,
equipped, drilled.' and ready for trans
portation on an average of forty-four
days each, more than ten days quicker
than the average for the regiments enlist
ed at the beginning of the Spanish war.
Belief That the Proposed
increase Could Quiokly
Be Made.
RECRUITS FOR
THE HEW ARMY
Alleged Agreement Between
the Railways of Russia
and Prussia.
•
WASHINGTON, Kor. 23.— According to
German press reports negotiations are
now pending between the Russian rail
roads and the Prussian Governmental
railroads to carry into execution a project
of the Russian Minister of Finance which
will involve a discrimination against tha
exportation of American rails, locomo
tives and machinery to Russia.
United States Vice Consul General Han
auer at Frankfort, Germany, in a recent
communication on this subject to the
State Department, declares that by the
terrr.3 of the proposed arrangement Ger
many is willing to carry Russian petro
leum on her roads at a low figure, pro
vided Russia will reciprocate by giving
low railroad rates for German Iron,
The press reports have It that this ar
rangement has been agreed on and that
freight schedules are now being made on
this basis. The differential rates accorded
by Russia comprise Ironware and manu
factured iron as well as pig iron.
"Our manufacturers would do well to
examine closely into this matter." saya
Mr. Hanauer.
DISCRIMINATION
AGAINST AMERICA
THE DUCHESS OF MANCHESTEH, FORMERLY MISS HBLEKE ZIMMERMAN, DAUGHTER OF A WEALTHY
MAN OF CINCINNATI, WHO IS COMING TO AMERICA SOON. SHE IS NOT NOTED FOR BEAUTY, BUT HAS
GREAT CHARM OF MANNER AND A RICH PAPA.
In place of the subsidy bill he urged one
-framed upon the suggestions of President
McKinley and Secretary Gage, as made
twice to Congress. The bill, he said, waa
supposed to represent the wishes of the
administration, but he declared that It
was widely divergent from what the Pres
ident desired. The objection to It. he
claimed, aside from the fact that It ad
vanced the Interests of the committee on
promotion and favored six companies, was
that It did not guard the ownership of the
vessels and insist that they should re
main in American hands arter they had
been registered. ; . •-" :
"This bill Is not In the interests of the
country at large." said he. "It does not
represent the interests of tho commttee
on promotion. If it becomes a law there
can be no hope for the American mer
chant marine for twenty years to come."
Mr Peabody advised enactment Into a
law of the President's suggestion that a
certain number of foreign built vessels be
permitted to come under the American
flag and be registered as American ves
sels upon the provision that an equal
number of tons be constructed In Ameri
can shipyards by the companies making
the foreign purchases.
"If the members of the club think well
enough of the resolution to Indorse it," he
said, "it may encourage the administra
tion to recommend It again, as It has
twice in the past."
Former Congressman George E. Adams
proposed the recreation of the merchant
marine by a consolidation of its three
branches, by which it would be made pos
sible for the shipyards on the lakes to
compete with shipyards on the coast.
The linking of coastwise trade with for
eign trade, he said, could be made possible
by the building of the Nicaragua canal
and the consolidation of inland and for
eign trade by the construction of a twen
ty-foot canal from the lakes to the gulf.
President W. J. Chalmers presented the
subject to the club with a review of ma
rine statistics Illustrative of the decline of
the American merchant marine. Henry
W. Peabody of Boston, with large Inter
ests in thransoceanic trade, who has been
active In efforts to secure a revision of the
Frye-Paina bill, analyzed the features of
the measure which he 'considered detri
mental to the general Interests of the
merchant navy.
CHICAGO, Nov. 25.— Merchant marine
Interests were discussed last night by the
Commercial Club at Its banquet at the
Auditorium Hotel. The Frye-Palne sub
sidy bill, which 13 expected to be Intro
duced early In the next Congress, was
criticized by the speakers as a measure
designed to promote the Interests of a
limited number of companies.
Commercial Club Discusses
Merchant Marine
Interests.
OBJECTS TO THE
FRYE-PAIME BILL
ver ten years, and seven years ago was
married to William, Hodge, a plumber's
helper. Two years ago Hodge secured a
divorce from her on the grounds of deser
tion. Mrs. Hodge not contesting the svlt.
"If I were guilty of this thins." saAd
Mrs. Hodge at the city Jail. "I would n\)t
be here ndw. I would have killed myself
first. I'm not g-ullty and I propose to see
it out until I am proved Innocent."
Mrs. Hodge, however, refused to tell
Captain Armstrong where she was be
tween the hours of 7 and 10 o'clock the
evening of the robbery. She Insists, how*
ever, that she will b« able to prove where,
she was during: those hours and that she
was not In the vicinity of the robbery at
the time. The police laugh at these pro
testations and are confident not only of
securing convictions but of recovering
the diamonds. Barr still refuses to talk.
"Impossible. I could never forget her
face. She's the woman who struck me
with the gun. I am positive it was she
who held my diamonds In the light to
pee if they were genuine. Just as I said at
the time. I have no doubt It was she, al
though dressed In man's clothing when
she helped to rob me."
Mrs. Hodge Is vehement in protestations
of her innocence. She has lived in Den-
"You can make no mistake?"
"That woman is one of the robbers. She
wore men's clothing and carried a revolv
er. She took the earrings from my ears
and my rings from my fingers an d dan
gled them in front of Barr's face.- She
helped Barr to beat me, and did most of
the beating herself."
"Are you positive?" asked Captain Arm
strong.
"Absolutely."
D— ENVER, Nov. 23.— Mrs. Bessie
Hodge, now an inmate of the
Denver prison, has been identi
fied by Mrs. Flora Betts as one
of the footpads who on August
27 . last • assaulted and robbed her
of diamonds to the value of $7000 near
Valverde. This identification apparently
leaves no doubt that Mrs. Hodge was the
"man" who accompanied J. K. Barr and
assisted in despoiling Mrs. Betts of her
Jewels. The case Is one of the most sen
sational that has ever come to the at
tention of the Denver detective force.
When brought face to face with Mrs.
Hodge in Police Captain Seymour's office
Mrs. Betts, after a careful examination
of the suspect, exclaimed:
THREE FLYING CARS
HURLED FROM RAILS
Continued From First Pag©.
MRS. BESSIE HODGE, DENVER'S FEMALE FOOTPAD. WHO HAS BEEN IDENTIFIED BT MRS. FLORA BETTS
AS ONE OF THE ROBBERS WHO ASSAULTED HER AND TOOK FROM HER $7000 WORTH OF DIAMONDS
OX THE NIGHT OF AUGUST £7. . .
PEKING, Nov. 25.— The Ministers had
another meeting to-day to delimit the
future 'boundaries of the legation grounds.
The matter was discussed anil settled so
far as the Ministers 'are concerned. Their
decision, however, is subject ' to the ap
proval .of the military authorities, who
will look over the limits agreed upon and
decide if the urounus. as proposed by the
Ministers, be easy to defend. If they
decide there are military objections the
boundaries will be cnanged. .
The important action of the "meeting,
however, was the taking up of the ques
tion of the last point emoodied in Wie
Ministers' demahus upon the Chinese
government, concerning which there
heretofore nad been a considerable di
vergence of opinion, contrary to all ex
pectations the point was agreed upon,
and the Ministers then agreed to demand
that herouiver Chinese residents of the
city be I restricted to the space between
the walls of me Tartar and imperial
cities. Tnis space is a mile long and a
third of a mile wide.
In the discussion of the note containing
the demands to De presented to the Chi
nese government through its plenipoten
tiaries, M. de Giers, the Russian Minister,
persisted in the refusal to agree to the •
provision that China should agree to pay
indemnity for the outrages committed by
Boxers and give guarantees against repe
tition. The British and German govern
ments had made n,o change in the instruc
tions to their Ministers, and it appeared
as though no agreement could be reached.
A compromise was sufrgrested in the word
ing or the point. T..is was adopted and
a satisfactory agreement reached. It 's
understood the change Is simply In tne
wording, and does not affect the meaning
of the provisions.
The Ministers have sent their demands
to their respective governments, and when
the powers signify approval ¦ of them
there will be no delay in presenting them
to Li Hung Chang and Prince Ching, the
cninese peace commissioners.
A party of American cavalry went to
day to disperse a band of bandits in a
village sixteen miles from Peking. The
village was round strongly fortified, but
the Americans attacked and captured It,
killing seven Chinese.
A secret edict from Singanfu to the
provincial Viceroys and Governors orders
them to cease the manufacture of modern
arms and to revert to the old type of
weapons, as modern arms "have proved
utterly useless against tho foreigners."
Native Residents of the Capital Must
Hereafter Dwell Between Walls
..of,Tartar and Imperial
Cities.
Special DlHpatchto The CalL
Reach a Full Understanding
as to the Demands
•: Upon; China.
MINISTERS AT
PEKING AGREE
ON ALL POINTS
COMELY DENVER WOMAN IDENTIFIED
AS A DESPERATE HIGHWAY ROBBER
THE SAN FRANCISCO' "CALL; MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1900.
THE DUCHESS OF MANCHESTER, WHO WILL
BRING HER TITLED HUSBAND TO AMERICA
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ - Christmas cards : for 1900 and calendars
for 1901 now on sale. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Markj^sjtrget, . * ..
PARLOR TABLE
- In nuartered Oak or Mahosr-
any; finely polished; French
legs. : .
2O per Cent Reduction In i
1 Furniture and Carpets
] until Christmas. i
I Free delivery within 100 miles j
on $25 worth and over.
, i CASH OR CREDIT.
! BRILLIANT'S
1338-340-842 POST ST.
Near Powell. Open Evenlaga. I
OR, MEYERS & CO,
Specialists. Disease ffij&F ' I
and weakness of 5g&) £ . >
men. Established *&*j f£g&J&B$\
1881. Consultation WmS 'X^>*)^f >
and privato book \** i\ I * _\
free at office or by I **?*$_
mail. Cure3 gu^r-
anteed. TiM Mar- CS'IjR5'*{K 1 K
ket street (.elevator A^^aeWiT^i t
entrance), San .^ejV /fi^mftv
Francisco. «^&^a^3wgBi>
Weak Men and Women
j CHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THK
v great Mexican remedy; gives health and
to ¦exual crjana. Depgt. 3S3 il*r'*-cSecures Goods on Credit From Sacra-
mento Houses, Sells Them and
Sails for China-
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 25.— Quong Chung,
for many years one of the leading Chinese
merchants of the city, is missing, and his
departure is mourned by a number of
creditors. Chung conducted a large estab
lishment at 32C I street. His trade was
extensive and he bought heavily from the
wholesalers in the various lines which his
store carried. Chung recently bought on
credit 30.000 cigarettes from one firm and
25.000 from another. From the Capital
Candy Company he purchased a large
consignment of sugar. From the flrnuof
Adams, Booth & Co., ¦ wholesalers, *he
bought groceries. From one Chinese mer
chant he borrowed $140 and from another
he obtained a large order of goods. His
credit was excellent and he was not asked
for the money In any instance.
Presently, however, collection days
came on and Quong's store was visited.
The proprietor was said to have gone to
San Francisco, presumably on business.
It was learned, according to the police,
that Quong had boxed up all his pur
chases and, along with his other goods,
found a market for them In San Francis
co, pocketed the proceeds and sailed on
the first steamer for China, leaving his
creditors in the lurch. : . : :' r
FEND EICH GRAVEL
ON CANYON CREEK
Jack Sutton and Companions exploit
Bichest Ground Knoxra. in Cook
Inlet Country.
TACOMA. "vTash.. Nov. 25.— A letter re
ceived from Fred Smith, a. pioneer miner
of Cook Inlet District, says that Jack Sut
ton ar.d oih^r miners have found gravel
runninpr as high as $40 per pan on claims
aioner Canyon Creek. This is the richest
prounrJ yet found In the Cook Inlet coun
try. Thr^e men •working a lay struck
a very rich bar In Lynx Creek which paid
them S20 per day per man. In two weeks
they took out ever $1500. These strikes
wre made ju?t before cold weather
stopped work for the winter.
Three pro^peotors have found the skele
ton of one of the isrreatest mastodons ever
known among the pl'iciers of Murphy
Creek, near June.au. They were crossing
a placier on a hunting trip and saw the
bones sticking up through the ice. They
have dug the greater part of the skeleton
out and expect to receive a large sum
for it.
YTynn Johnson has penetrated an lm-
Tner.se srold ledee with a diamond drill on
Taku Inlet. At a depth of 200 feet the
ledge is shown to be 250 to S00 feet wide.
It cives hi^h values in po'.d and a shaft
will t>e sunk ?n the spring.
Juncau and Fkaguay have raised the
[19.000 apkftd by Victoria and Juneau men
to insure the building of a telegraph line
fmm Juneau to Skaguay. This guarantee
fund is to be repaid in telegraph coupons.
ATVrTTRICAir KILLS A
MEXICAN WOODCHOPPER
laylor Fires in Self- Defense and
Flees Across the Boundary Line
From Lower California.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Nov. 25.— John Taylor,
an Amc-rira.n, shot and killed a Mexican
woodehopp^r last Sunday in Lower Cali
fornia, a phort distance below the Inter
national boundary line. Taylor was the
driver <,t a etage for the Imperial Canal
C'omjiany and also overseer of a wood
camp.
He beoamo involved in a dispute with
one of the employe?, who started to a?
pault him with an ax. Taylor is a small
man and a cripple, and deeming himself
outclassed drew a pistol and fired. The
Mexican died the following day. and Tay
lor, fearing the summary action of the
Mexican courts, escaped across the bor
der.
Application has been made for extradi
tion papers, but Taylor has settled with
h!s employers and left for the north and
some difficulty will doubtless be experi
enced in apprehending him.
Fire at National City.
BAN DIEGO, Nov. 25.— The residence of
J. C. Hussey at National City was burned
this evening. Loss $3000.
Special Dispatch to The CsOL
BOISE, Idaho. Nov. 25.-The Idaho Leg
islature will convene on January 8, 1901,
and the principal business that will come
before it will be the election of a United
States Senator to succeed Hon. George L.
Shoup. If the Democrats carry out a con
vention pledge they will elect former Sen
ator Fred T. Dubois, Silver Republican,
who was one of the leading bolters from
the Republican National Convention In
St. Louis. The DenAcratlc State Conven
tion, after a hard fight and by a small ma
jority, nominated Mr. Dubois for Senator
as part of the fusion deal In the State.
The Democrats will have 25 members on
Joint ballot, the Silver Republicans 9 and
the Populists 9. leaving the Republicans
'SI. It requires 36 to elect
The Populists, although going into the
fusion, did It through their State Commit
tee and not by convention action. They
are. therefore, not bound to Dubols. But
without some of them he cannot be elect
ed, as the combined Democratic and Silver
Republican strength is two short of a ma
jority. If the Democrats stand pat, how
ever, it will be an easy matter to secure
the requisite number of Populist votes by
trading State patronage therefor. It 1b
known, however, that there is rebellion In
tha Democratic camp against Dubola,
Governor Steunenberg having developed
enough strength as a dark horse candi
date to jeopardize Dubois' chances. The
Governor fought the nomination of the
Senator at the State convention, and
therefore does not feel bound by that ac
tion. The whole business will be passed
up to the Democrats, and if they do not
stand solidly in line for Dubois the nine
Silver Republicans aver they will return
instanter to the Republican party and join
the twenty-seven Republican legislators
in electing a Senator, probably Senator
Shoup. - ..."
This threat is being used as a club by
the Dubois men. As Mr. Dubois is a tar
get for all other candidates and prospec
tive candidates it is safe to forecast that
Jie will not be elected at once, and his
managers say if he is not he will not be
elected at all. His fate lies with the Dem
ocrats, and If there is enough opposition
to prevent an immediate election it will
operate to keep Dubois out. In such an
event a prolonged fight would ensue, and
it would be anybody s fight.
Among others mentioned in connection
with the Senatorship are J. H. Hawley
and A. A. Fraser of Boiseu
Bare Possibility That a Re
publican May Be/
Chosen.
FIGHT INIDAHO
FOR SENATORSHIP
in a lawsuit and the match was broken
off. He came to California soon after-
ward, the young woman died and he lived
all his life, a bachelor.
THE LATE JOHN W. HENDRIB, FORMERLY OF SAN FRANCISCO,
WHOSE CONTRIBUTIONS TO PUBLIC INSTITUTIONS WERE NUM
EROUS AND LAVISH.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 23.— Where is
Governor Gage? This is the question
which has taken precedence in this city
over th© familiar inquiry relative to the
prospect of rain. Nobody appears to
know. The affable and obliging attaches
of Mb office may know, but if eo they do
not appear to regard it as a public duty
to tell. Meanwhile the machinery of the
State government slips a cog when it
strikes the point where the executive is
supposed to fit In. A Superior Judge Is
unable to take his seat on the bench be
cause Governor Gage is not here. One of
the important bureaus of the State gov
ernment Is compelled to postpone a called
cemferenee with the Governor because
that official Is not at his post. Murderers
are given full chance to escape because
there is nobody at the Capitol with au
thority to offer a reward for their appre
hension. Congressmen, a United States
Senator, a Chief Justice of the Supremo
Court, regard a conference on State sub
jects of sufficient moment to bring them
to Sacramento, but the Governor does not
attend it. and cannot even be reached
with an Invitation.
More than a week ago Superior Judg«
Peter J. Shields was ready to take the of
fice to which he had. been elected. Supe
rior Judge Matt F. Johnson died before
his term had clo6ed, leaving a mass of
litigation awaiting adjudication. Efforts
to have Governor Gage appoint some one
to the place failed, the Governor express
ing his desire that the people should make
their own choice at the election Novem
ber 6. Peter J. Shields was elected on
that date^. More than a week ago Secre
tary of titate Curry issued a statement
showing the vote by which he had been
chosen. This statement was forwarded to
the Governor's office, so that the certifi
cate of election might issue at once. Law
yers gathered at the Superior Court last
Monday to be present at Judge Shields'
ascension to the bench. Cases were as
signed to his department. But Judge
Shields did not take the bench, and he has
not since taken it — all because- Governor
Gage has abandoned the duties of his of
fice and cannot be reached.
Nearly three months ago the entire
State was shocked by the murder of Hans
Rasmussea and William Taylor near Fol
som by some mysterious assassin. Farm
ers living in places similarly isolated ap
pealed to the officers for the apprehension
of the murderer or murderers. Constable
Donnelly came down from Folsom to
plead at the Governor's office for th© of
fering of a reward of $G00, which the State
law authorizes. The Sheriff and restrict
Attorney joined In the request. Governor
Gage has not offered a reward for the
capture of the murderer or murderers, and
even though the officers In other counties
learned a clew they would not be Justified
in gt>ing to a dollar's expense in pursuing
it. Former Governors. Issued a reward for
murderers immediately upon the showing
by the proper authorities that such an In
ducement was necessary in the Interests
of justice. The official who goes to the
Governor's office to urge action on the
part of the executive will be told that the
Governor is not in town.
On Thursday last the trustees. of the
Preston School of Industry congregated
here from their homes in various parts of,
the State to confer with Governor Gage
relative t© the selection of a new super
intendent to take the place of David
Hirschberg. resigned. The Governor was
not in the city anu the trustees could not
learn when he would be. The conference
was declared off and the chaotic state in
which the Preston School has fallen must
remain.
Yesterday there was held in this city a
conference of vast importance to the
whole State of California. The Sacra
mento Valley Development Association
had arranged a meeting with the United
States Senators. Congressmen, State Sen
ators and Assemblymen relative to legis
lation needed at the hands of Congress
and the State Legislature by the great
Sacramento and San Joaquln valleys.
Chief Justice Beatty deemed it of such im
portance as to deserve his presence. Ja
cob Neff, the venerable Lieutenant%Gover
nor, came down from the mountains In
epite of the cold to be present. United
States Senator Perkins and Congressmen
elect Coombs and Woods canceled all
other engagements for it. Governor Gage
was not present, nor, so far as known,
was any business of State keeping him
away.
The constitution fixes Sacramento as the
official scat and place of residence of the
Governor. Since Governor Gage has given
up his residence here people are asking
why he does not take the Capitol with
him, or at least establish a long-distance
connection between himself and the Indi
viduals and public bodies having .business
with his office.
Cannot Be Disposed Of Because
He Is Not at His
Post.
Many Hatters of Grav» Importance
WHERE IS THE GOVERNOR?
SOUND BEACH. Conn.. Nov. 23.-
John W. Hendrie died at his home
here to-day, aged 79 years.
John W. Hendrie was known through
out the country for his benefactions to
Yale University and other educational in
stitutions and scientific societies. He was
born at Sound Beach, Conn., in Novem
ber, 182L As a young man he taught
school and engag-ed also in. the fishing in
dustry. He graduated from Yale in the
claes of '51 and for three years had charge
of the Stamford University in Connecti
cut.
In 1S54 Mr. Hendrie came to California
and went into business in San Francisco.
He had as a partner H. M. Lockv/ood in
Xew York, who attended to the manufac
turing of goods which the firm dl6pcsed
of in California. The business prospered
and Hendrie amassed a fortune reaching
nearly a million dollars. i
After retiring from business Hendrla
made his home in Connecticut, but con
tinued to spend his winters in California.
In June of 1S97 he gave the Mercantile
Library $25,000 to aid it in its period oC
financial distress. He gave $10,000 to the
Academy of Sciences in May of 1S99.
Yale University; his alma mater, was
the recipient of a number of gifts from
Hendrie, amounting to $125,000. In May
of 1S97 he gave $50,000 to tho university'^
building fund.
Deceased was never married. It 13 paid
that in his younger days he was engaged
to a neighbor's daughter, but his father
and the father of the girl became involved
Passes Away at His
Home at Sound *
Beach, Conn.
SHIP OF STATE
BECALMED BY
GAGE'S ABSENCE
Allalrs at Sacramento at
a Standstill Pending
His Return. ;
Bpedtr Dispatch to The CUL
SrEDFORD. Or., Nov. 25.— Jackson vill©,
five miles west of this town, was the scene
of cue of the bloodiest tragedies at about
11 o'clock last night that has ever oc
curred in the State. G. W. Traylor. &
teamster from Drain, a village in Doug
las County, cazse to Jacksonville recent
ly with his family, which consisted of his
wife, nine children and his wife's sister.
Hiss Sarah Beeson, a young woman of
comely appearance. 2S years old. The lat
ter ¦w^e.s the sole cause of the tragedy.
L. J. Hardenbrook. a voung man 29
years of age. a resident of Drain, had met
and loved Miss Beeson previous to her
leaving the town aM the twro were en
paged to be married at an early day. The
attentions of Hardenbrook to his slster
!n-law were distasteful to Traylor. and
the marriage was stoutly opposed by the
man to the extent of his forbidding Har
denbrook to visit the young woman until
a few days ago, when he sent word to
the young man asking him to visit them
In their new home.
In response to the Invitation Harden
brook arrived at Jacksonville on Friday.
L»ast evening he was being entertained by
the family at their home in the northern
part of the town. Travlor and wife. Miss
Beeson and Hardenbrook occupying tha
front room of the house for the entire
evening: in conversation of a most agreea
ble and pleasant nature. At about 11
o'clock Traylor excused himself, shortly
afterward foilo-wed by Mrs. Traylor. A
lew moments later a shot was fired from
The porch into the room occupied by Miss
Beeson and Hardenbrook. The bullet
passed throt^rh the window, striking Har
denbrook in the back of the head. Th«
victim fell forward and was caught by the
young woman, who placed him In his
chair. The screams of the two women
brought neighbors to the scene of the
murder and medical aid was summoned,
but the man died in an hour from the
time he was shot, without regaining con
sciousness.
The murderer, after viewing the result
of his deadly work, repaired to a vacant
;<n a short "distance from the house and
reloading his crrn placed it beneath his
chin and pulled the trigger with his foot.
The bullet tore away part of the nose and
fa.ee. but was not fatal and the desper
ate man firr-d a second shot. It entered
the forehead just above the nose and
death must have been instantaneous.
It developed at the Coroner's Inquest
this afternoon that the murderer and sui
cide was of unsound mind, and it Is re
ported he was infatuated with his sister
in-law and that perhaps Jealousy of Har
denbrook rendered him hopelessly insane.
T* J. Haxdenbrook Zs Treacherously
Killed by G. W. Traylor, Wh.o
Th/em. Ends Tn« Own
LURES VICTIM TO HIS HOME
Jealous Madman Fires Fatal
Shot Tlirough a
Window.
MURDER
SUICIDE IN AN
OREGON TOWN
PHILANTHROPIST JOHN W. HENDRIE
ANSWERS THE SUMMONS OF DEATH
AGED VETERAN MEETS
DEATH DNT THE FLAMES
H. W. Poor, a Cripple, Unable to Escape
From His Burning Dwelling.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
favored such an act, but no gun could be
obtained readily.
As the heat increased the cries died to
heart-rending moans of unutterable agrvny
and finally ceased. The veteran had died
in the torture. "When the building hart
been destroyed the body was found burned
to a crisp, and the greatest care was ex
erclsed to keep it from falling apart dur
ing Its removal to an undertaking estab
lishment.
While the brother of the dead man was
preparing a meal on a gasoline stove this
evening, an explosion occurred. In an
instant the room was aflame. Chauncey.
the younger brother, managed to reach
the door of the cabin and staggered into
the open air severely burned about the
face and hands. The elder and crippled
brother fell to the floor In the center of
the room and roasted to death in full
sight of his brother and a few neighbors,
who could see and hear, but were unable
to aid him.
As the flames played about the helpless
man catching his clothing and burning
his flesh; he called to his brother In fren
zied tones, pleading to be saved from his
excruciating sufferings.
Several efforts were made by the by
standers to rescue the crippled veteran
from his sufferings, but so fiercely did
the frame shack burn that they were
driven back by the heat and could do
nothing until the flre had burned Itself
out. In a frenzy of despair and unable
to endure the piteous cries of his brother.
Chauncey Poor begged for a gun with
which he might end the sufferings of the
doomed man. and even the bystanders
Poor lived with his brother in a cabin
at San. Pedro, and was 76 years old. One
of his legs was shot away, at Chantilly.
His brother .was also an old soldier, and
both of the veterans subsisted on the pen
sions they drew.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 23.— Aged and
crippled, a veteran of the civil war, H.
TV. Poor, was burned to death at his
home in San Pedro yesterday. An ex
ploding gasoline stove was the cause of
the accident.
PACIFIC GROVE. Nov. 23.— Great
amusement waa occasioned here last night
over the payment of a "freak" election,
bet between Postmaster C. G. Chamber-
Iain and "W. C. Gretter of the Eagle drug
store. Gretter, who pinned his faith be
fore election to Bryan, had to wheel
Chamberlain up and down Lighthouse
avenue In a. wheelbarrow, accompanied
by a band and followed by a trail of red,
white and blue fire.
The entire programme ¦was carried out.
the ¦wheelbarrow being decorated and sur
mounted by a full dinner pail and a trans
parency bearing the words, "Four years
more of McKlnley and Chamberlain."
The merchants alorg the "line of march"
helped things out by ringing bells, beat
ing tin pans and tooting horn* as th© pro
cession passed, and a gang of small boys
with honi3 followed In the wake of tho
wheelbarrow. At the close of the per
formance Chamberlain Jumped out of hia
wheelbarrow and proposed three cheers
and a tiger "for McKlnley and prosper
ity." which were given with gTeat vigor
and enthusiasm.
FREAK ELECTION BET
PAID AT PACIFIC GROVE
SOUTH AMERICAN
WAR THREATENED
Various Republics Seeming
ly Aligned Against
But the chief concern has been ex
pressed in Argentina and Brazil, as it is
the feeling in those countries that the
powerful armaments of Chile are not re
quired against such enfeebled states as
Peru, Bolivia, Ecuador and the other
northern republics, but will be iised
against Chile's more powerful neighbors
In tho south. Argentina • and Chile are
separated by a lone boundary line which
la now In dispute. The boundary question
frequently has threatened an armed con
flict and each country has been steadily
increasing its armament, land and naval.
It is estimated by one of the prominent
observers in Washington that each coun
try has spent about $50,009,000 on armament
during the last ten years.
Brazil recently has been brought Into
alignment by a cordial restoration of good
feeling with Argentina. For a time they
were opposed over a boundary contest,
but by the arbitration of the United
States the award was made in favor of
Brazil, and Argentina has heartily I ac
cepted this result. The Presidents of Bra
zil and Argentina have exchanged visits,
and during the stay of President Salles at
Buenos Ayres recently consideration I was
given to united action on some of these
pending South American controversies.
The several movements have had the
general effect of establishing a common
basis between Bolivia, Peru, Argentina
and Brazil. While there is no suggestion
thus far that the united republics would
use force against Chile, yet it is appreci
ated that the present situation may lead
to serious results. The Chilean army is
directed by able officers, the commander
being General Koener, a German officer,
¦who was placed at the head of the army
about ten years ago. Some forty other
foreign officers, chiefly German, also oc
cupy leading places on th« staff and line.
About a month ago Chile adopted the
compulsory military system, under which
every male citizen on reaching the age of
nineteen years must serve as a soldier.
This has caused widespread concern in
South America and has led other countries
to take steps toward similar military
equipment. Ecuador has declared its pur
pose of adopting a system like that of
Chile, and Peru has taken steps to have
a general enlistment in Its National
Guard.
Aside from the immediate questions in
volved, the decision of the congress is
regarded in South American quarters as
significant of the alignment of the south
ern republics on the increasing- differences
which have arisen of late and which are
threatening to bring about a general crisis
Involving most if not all of the South
American countries. Several events have
occurred recently Indicating: a widespread
movement Peru has been making des
perate efforts to regain her provinces of
Tacna and Arica, which are a sort of
border hostage held for the last ten years
by Chile. Bolivia is involved in the same
controversy, as she has 'lost her sea coast
to. Chile and is now seeking to save a
part of it. The latter question was re
cently brought to a direct issue by the
presentation of a demand from Chile, gen
erally construed as an ultimatum, requir
ing 1 Bolivia publicly to acknowledge by
treaty the sovereignty of Chile over the
sea coast in question.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.— Dispatches
from Madrid received in official diplomatic:
quarters here make the first announce
ment that in the debates before the Latln-
Amerlcan Congress, whose sessions have
just been concluded, the principle of com
pulsory arbitration urged by the Peru
vian delegates was approved by almost
unanimous vote. Chile only holding out
any protest against the action taken. The
decision not only favors compulsory ar
bitration In disputes between the Ameri
can republics, but also provides that guar
antees shall be griven for the, faithful per
formance of the conclusions reached by
the arbitration tribunal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 25.— United
States I customs inspectors , discovered a
Chinese .to-night I secreted in ; a ¦ locker in
the ¦ storeroom \ of, the steamer North Pa
cific upon " her . arrival ¦ here , from Van
couver, B. C. - M. D. Kennedy, ; the boat's
steward,' and Ah Jim, the cook, are under
arrest on suspicion of having connived to
effect tb© Chinese's entrance to this coun
try. • . ¦ :-/.-. :,--, '¦ . " ." -f
Chinaman in a Locker.
PETALUMA. Nov. 25.— Th© wedding of
Miss Genevieve McBrown and William
Biggs was solemnized this afternon at
•the home of the bride's mother, Mrs. C.
McBrown. Tho home was handsomely
decorated with smilax and crysanthe
mums. The wedding ceremony was per
formed beneath a floral bower.
Only the Immediate families of the con
tracting parties witnessed the event.
Rev. John Partridge, pastor of St. John's
Episcopal Church, conducted the cere
mony.
The bride was prettily attired in a trav
eling gown of Oxford cloth and carried a
bouquet of carnations.
An elegant dinner followed the wedding
services, and a reception was held to
friends. - : ,-, Z
On the afternoon train the party left
for San Francisco bearing with them the
congratulations of the community. They
will make '¦ their home in the metropolis,
where the groom holds a responsible posi
tion with the firm of Field & Stone.
: The wedding to-day was the third that
has graced the McBrown hc?me this year.
The participants in the -> former two,
Mr and Mrs. J. R. Leavenworth and Mr.
and Mrs Robert Trumbull. were present
at tho wedding to-day. The two ladies
last> named are sisters of the bride of
to-day. _ ' ' ¦ i
the Bride of William Big-^s.
Mlss Ghenevieve McBro wn Becomes
WEDDED AT PETAXUMA.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1900. \
Pine Stationery.
. , Everything in ; the line of office and cor-'
respondence stationery,;' fountain ' pens,
Koh-i-noor, pencils,' legal blanks ' and type
writers" materials, diaries and , daily Jour
nals for lSOl^now on sale, Sanborn. Vail
& Co.; 741' Market street. - - - "' "'
*¦'¦'•¦'*¦• - ' ':-'- — '*. ' ¦' ; ' '¦,-¦•¦ " '¦"."'¦:
HUSBAND AND MONEY
DISAPPEAR TOGETHER
Trusting Washington Widow De
ceived by a Versatile , Strangle.?
*, ' Whom She Married.
EVERETT, Wash., Nov. 25.— Mrs. Wal
ter James has been deserted by her hus
band in Vancouver,^. C, who vamoosed
.with $2000 of her money. Mrs. James was
a former resident of Everett and owned
property on Lombard 'street. Mr. James,
elderly, blase and plausible, appeared in
this city last spring and began prospect
ing for a susceptible widow who could fur
nish, together with a trusting disposition,
some ready money. The versatile James
soon Ingratiated himself into the good
graces of several leading citizens. Being
an expert swordsman, remarkably well
posted on the United States navy, James
was a good entertainer. Then he told of
vast sugar plantations In the South Sea
Islands, claiming to hold $50,000 worth of
shares, j In the early summer he married
the Lombard-street widow,
James was without ready cash, so he
approached a real estate firm and placed
his wife's Lombard-street property on th*
market. He must have been In soro
straits, for the lots were offered at a very
low figure. The sale was consummated,
but the real estate firm never received Its
commission.
J Suddenly James and his wife disap
peared, thouph not before friends had
warned Mrs. James of her husband's dan
gerous character. The trusting wife said
she would lay down her life for her
Walter.
She was not asked to make this sacri
fice; she was not asked for her money;
but the husband skipped with the latter
a short time ago and now the wife has
written a letter to her bankers in Everett
asking for information of her husband,
End has also placed .the matter" Sn the
hands of the police department.
CEJNAMAN IS FATALLY
SHOT AT SAN JOSE
Yu Dew Wounded by Unknown. As
sailants and It Is Feared a High- Z
binder War Is Imminent.
SAN JOSE , Nov. 25.— Yu Dew] a Chi
nese of the family of Ning Young and of
the Bing Ying Tong, was shot twice and
fatally wounded in an alley of Chinatown
this afternoon by parties unknown." He
was shot in the back both times, the bul
lets passing through the body and perfor
ating the lung. ;
' It is believed that qnother Chinese war
Is on, for.Yu Dew says he is the victim of
i the Hip - Sing Tongs, though he canno*
name his assailant. His death is a'mat
ter of a/ few hours. There were no wit
nesses to the shooting. -
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN DIEGO, Not, 25.— For four flays
Lieutenant Governor G. R. Azcarate of
Tia Juana, with the full force of rurales
and gendarmes from Tia Juana, Tecate
and all along the border between the
United State and Mexico, has been scour
ing the Plcacho countrv below the llna
for the Indians suspected of the triple
murder committed early in the week on
the desert. This morning he arrested An
tonio Carplntero and Manuel Lyabao at
Rancho Niji, where they were In hiding
and where the other Indians were pro
tecting them. : The two suspects are now
In the cuartel at Las Juntas and will bo
taken to Ensenada early In the week or
as soon aa the Lieutenant Governor is
satisfied that the third suspect, an Indian
by the name of Ortiz, cannot be captured.
This third man is supposed to have e«
caped to this side of .the line and. to be
In hiding In some of the reservations In
tho mountains southwest of tw* city near
Campo. It is known that a strange Indian
has appeared at one. of the rancheria.3
there, but the officers, not yet having
been asked to' look him up, have not at
tempted to discover where he came from
or where h© is.
Governor Azcarate has learned that the
murder of Coslmero, the store keeper at
Juarez, and of Y. Sotellom and B. Muriet.
the last named an officer of the ruralos
police force, occurred during a rescue of
certain Indian prisoners under arrest for
cattle stealing. Acuna, the store keeper,
had been misslnc cattle from his herd
at Juarez and, with the other two, had
started out in pursuit of the thieves.
Whoever the thieves wero the three came
up with them and placed them under ar
rest. They were on their way back to
Juarez with the thieves when, with the
assistance of an Indian not under arrest,
they succeeded in overpowering and kill
ing their captors and in making their es
cape.
it is not known whether the two under
arrest forMhe murder are the same ones
who were first arrested for cattle stealing
by the men who are now dead, but it is
supposed that they aie. The fact that
a murder had been committed was not
known until several days after the kill
ing, when the bodies were founu alongside
the trail across the desert. Another party
of rurales was sent out to find and bury
the bodies- and has reported the accom
plishment of the purpose.
It is believed that the usual Mexican
swift justice will be meted out to ths
murderers and the death penalty will be
inflicted at no distant date.
Suspected of Complicity in a
Triple Murder on the
TWO INDIANS
UNDER ARREST
WELL DISPOSE OE THE
EFFECTS OF DEAD SOLDIEBS
Unclaimed Goods, Marked and
Packed, Will Be Sent to Com
mander at Fort Mason.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.— Unclaimed ef
fects of deceased soldiers arriving on
transports from abroad or now In the
hands of the depot quartermaster in San
Francisco will be sent, ¦ carefully packed
and marked, accompanied by a certified
list, to the commanding officer at Fort
Mason. Cal. The latter officer will desig
nate an officer to take charge of all ef
fects now at that post "and to dispose of
them in accordance with instructions em
bodied in the army regulations.
. ? — ; — -
Potatoes Carried Away.
MONTEREY, Nov. 2o.— About 1000 sacks
qf potatoes on the Sargent ranch were
carried away by the overflow of. the Car
mel River during last week's storm. The
potatoes were dug and lying in piles pre
paratory to being sacked for shipment,
when the flood swept them into the bay.
About 2000 sacks of potatoes were dug just
previous to the storm, only/ 500 sacks of
which could be taken away In time to
save them. /
Joe Mulhatton Is Insane.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Nov. 25.—Joe Mulhat
ton, at one time famous from San Fran
cisco to New ¦ York '-, as . "king of all * liars
and chief of drummers." r was brought to
Phoenix from ¦ Florence yesterday and
placed in the Territorial Insane Asylum.
Mulhatton Is mentally-unbalanced through
overindulgence .In* alcoholic • stimulants.
Physicians ssy his chances for : recovery
are email. itiffK vm iratf TBjags^agKiHB'g.
TACOMA. Nov. 23.— Lieutenant "W. L.
Lamon of North Yaklma started yester
day for Ban Francisco, where on Thanks
giving day he will wed Miss Ella Holstein
of that city. Their engagement was the
outcome of an army romance. When the
Spanish war broke out Lamon Joined the
First Washington Regiment and was ap
pointed first lieutenant of Company E,
composed of North Yakima men. He
served through the Philippine war. and on
his return spont some time with the rest
of his tegiment at the Presidio. He there
met Miss Holstein. the attraction was mu
tual and they have since cemented their
friendship in the promise of matrimony.
Francisco Girl.
Lieutenant Lamon to Marry a San
COMES SOUTH TO WED.
CHINESE MERCHA1TT
FORGETS TO PAY BILLS
3
$10.00
The suit that we are talking about is a blue serge—a
well-made, fast blue, all-wool serge that is the best for the
price ever sold on this coast. It is made by union labor,
and we thoroughly guarantee every stitch in it. All sizes,
in two styles; single or double-breasted; either style
$7.5O
We have some other swell covert box coats in three
stylish shades — tan, olive and brown-r-that were formerly
$12.00. These we are closing out at
It has a velvet collar and the linings are much better
than you would expect in an overcoat at the price. The fact
that we sold them for $10.00 <not very lopg ago and are now
selling them at $6.95 is good evidence of their value.
$6.95
At present we want to interest you in a line of
overcoats and suits. The overcoats constitute dif-
ferent lots, but the one that seems to be the most
popular is a black kersey at
The man who trades here has the satisfaction
of knowing that his clothes are all right, that he is
paying for them no more than he ought to pay, and
that his friends will compliment his appearance.
And furthermore, the protection which we give a
man is worth considerable to him.
J\ good, overcoat
or a good smit
at a saving price
$3.4'5 eacH
Sale of these top coats for boys, announced last Friday,
still continues. They are all-wool, blue thibet top coats for
boys from 4 to 12 years old. The material has a fine soft
finish that renders the garments stylish as well as durable;
velvet collar, four rows of stitching on the bottom of coat
and sleeves; vent in back like that found in men's over-
coats; the price of the coat is
Doys I op Croats
Baseball outfit free with every boy's suit or overcoat.
Automobile coats for little girls from 3 to 13 years old,
made to order, satin lined, for Sio.oo.
Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
718 Market Street.
SNWoOD&fp
"I had St. Vltus dance so bad that I could not speak
a word and had to be watched night and day to keep from
jerking myself oat of bed. Every effort to find same
relief proved unavailing: until they began giving me Db
Miles 1 Uervine and that remedy cored me completely."
Hiss fyT/yia McFaxx, Ohenoa, Sis.
Contains th© essence of the elements and principles that feed.
sosrteh and reconstruct wasted and worn-out nerve- ¦
fibres and brain-cells. It restores health.
Sold by.tfreejirt^oa a roarante*. JJb. Knxs'. Msdxcai, Oq^ Klfenart, Ind
Whatever disturbs, weakens or debilitates the nerve-centers
cr lowers- the vitality of the system may bring about thi3 terrible
disease, which is purely a nervous disorder. But, though there may
be many causes, th&rt can^ be but one cure, and that consists in
building up and strengthening the nerves.^ To .do that success-
fully use Dr. Mrr.vR' Nervine. It-is the best.
ftfti^^^M^ njPij
ATVW Kg/TTRTTM KNTS.VA great man 'that. Babcock," he said
dryly to his secretary, and went on with
his work.
"The United States Is a fine country y*r
honor," and backed out of the office re
sponding-with short, sharp ducka of th»
head.to^the Secretary of State"s farewell
bows. When the doors had closed upon
the then world's champion the wrinkles at
the sides of Mr. Sherman's eyes contract
ed Into a" smile. .
Mr. Fitzsimmons scrutinized the brim of
his hat attentively, blushed, grinned and
said:
"It seemed to have pretty thoroughly
aroused the country, the contest did it
not?" *
They tell a story about the late Secre
tary of State and Bob Fitzsimmons, the
prize-flghter. During his triumphal tour
after he had downed i Corbe-tt the great
gladiator was in Washington and called
at the State Department, gays the Cin
cinnati Commercial-Tribune. Then was
eeen a content between brain and brawn,
hea'd and hands. Fitzsimmons looked
sheepish and ill at ease, but Mr. Sherman
evidently tried to make him feel at home.
"Your recent contest was a severe one,
I believe, Mr. Fitzsimmons?" he said
Mr. Fitzsimmons uttered a couple of In
audible words and grinned.
John Sherman and Fitzsimmons.
The French Government seems to be unusually ex
ercised over the assertion that we have gained an ad
vantage over her by securing the secret of her new
gun. She probably feels nettled by the fact and ad
vantage, which are not secret, that we have different
men behind the guns.
Governor Roosevelt has decided not to remove
Mayor Van Wyck of New York because that worthy
gentleman had stock in the ice trust. The Governor
possibly believes that it would be cruel to punish a
man for making use of what is, since the election, a
necessity of life.
In declaring that there must be no class distinctions
in an intellectual democracy President Wheeler of
Berkeley has been reading his young men some excel
lent advice. He might have added for the benefit of
the rest of us that there should be no intellectual
snobs. \. ' -w
Governor Brady of, Alaeka announces solemnly
that Alaska is sadly in need of some new laws. He
might also with propriety have suggested that the
Territory, particularly in the neighborhood of Nome,
is greatly in need of some new Judges.
A Federal referee. in this State has decided that 'a
man's hearse is exempt from execution. when he needs
it in his business. -This, ; However', does not silence the
objection which most of us have to this particular de
tail of our inevitable business.
I The expose which The Call made of the criminal
importation of Chinese at this' port is bearing -.'rich
fruit. .The authorities at Washington, have, been slow
to act, but they have ordered reforms at last upon the
lines suggested* by this paper. ':".'
CALIF0BNIA1TS HX NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— R. C. Kirk of
San Francisco is at the Hoffman; L. A.
Swift of Los Angeles is at the Normandle.
E. M. Lion of San Jose Is at the Palacet
A. J. Hart of San Jose is at the Palace.
H. L. Gillig of New York is at the Pal
ace.
C. E. Cahn, a New York merchant, is at
the Palace.
S. H. Clark, a St. Louis merchant. Is at
the Palace.
J. B. Shinn, a Portervill© vineyardist, Is
at the Grand.
"yV. H. Hatton, a Modesto attorney, is a
guest at the Lick.
Lieutenant Gilbert E. Overton, TJ. S. A.;
is at the Occidental.
J. Nadin. a merchant of Seattle, is a
guest at the Palace.
C. V. Gottschalk, an attorney of San
Andreas, is at the Lick.
W. S. Green, the Colusa editor, is among
the guests at the Grand.
. M. A! Craig, a physician of Lower Lake,
is registered at the Grand.
George E. Buffon, a wholesale merchant
of St. Louis, Is at the Palace.
S. "W. Wible, an attorney of Alaska, is
among the guests at the Lick.
J. N. Westphal, the District Attorney of
Stanislaus County, is registered at the
Lick.
Captain H. Schofield, a Von of Lieuten
ant General Schofield, retired, Is at the Oc
cidental. With him are Mrs. Schofleld and
their three children. Captain Schofleld Is
chief quartermaster on the transport
Meade and will sail on that vessel for
Manila In a few days.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Miss Pepprey— You don't mean to lay
that you absolutely do nothing?
Cholly— Aw. really. I don't even do that.
My man attends to ev'wythlng. y know.—
Philadelphia Press.
Cook— Dlvil a bit. mum! Ol wets It
down wid kerosene an* loights It wid a
match.— Judge.
Mistress— Bridget, I hope you don't light
the fire with keresene?
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"But I thought this man Agulaaldo. had
been pretty well wound upT p .
"Yes, but he's like a watch; every time
he s wound up he runs again."— Chicago
>» ews.
A remarkable accident, without a par
allel In gunnery incidents, occurred on
the British turret ship Thunderer while
at target practice off Mllford Haven No
vember 1-' The turret guns — 10-Inch breech
loaders— had been loaded and the electric
current turned on, when a most unusual
report was ' heard and fragments of the
shell came . from the gun. An examina
tion showed that the base plate of the
shell was left in the gun. Firing the sec
,ond gun, a hole two or three Inches in
diameter was blown through the projec
tile, leaving the outer part Intact. The
'explanation offered is that 'either the pow
der in the projectile had become damp or
'thata quantity of water was in the gun.
A cursory examination did not Indicate
any damage to" the guns.. , : '. ,¦ •
The naval programme of Holland pro
vides for eleven armored seagoing ships,
three monitors, seven protected cruisers
and fifty-two torpeda boats, gunboats and
sailing schooners. The total tonnage is
39,657 to be bulk up to 1909, at an esti
mated cost of about $30,000,000. This does
not include the vessels now building,
which number six armored vessels, seven
protected cruisers and two schooners..es
timated to cost $16,000,000, making a grand
total of $46,000,000 to be expended 6n navy
building during the next nine years. 1
An able seaman on board th© Britten
gunnery ship Cambridge was court-mar
tialed recently, charged with having
thrown a rammer on the foot of one of
the - lieutenants and subsequently picking
up a 6-inch projectile to throw at said of
ficer. The court found him guilty and
sentenced him to . two years' hard labor
and dishonorable discharge. The punish
ment in our navy for similar aggravated
offenses would be not less than five years'
imprisonment.
The French Minister of Marine recently
took" a trip in the submarine boat Gus
tave Zede and expressed himself as highly
gratified with the results. The boat pro
ceeded at a uniform depth below water
for; quite a length of time at the rate, of
9 knots an hour, during which a torpedo
was "discharged. "The only inconvenience
experienced was that the supply of breath
able air was nearly exhausted.
Two battleships, six armored cruisers,
two protected cruisers and two sloops are
to be laid down at once for the British
navy. The battleships, named Queen and
Prince of Wales, are to be built in the
dockyards; the armored cruisers Cornwall
and Suffolk and the cruisers Challenger
and Encounter are also to be built In Gov
ernment yards, while four armored cruis
ers' and two sloops go to private yards.- •
The triple-screw engines of the Russian
armored cruiser Gromobol had an official
trial last month and developed 15.496
horsepower, exceeding the contract by 946.
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS
OUT of the Sacramento conference it is reason
able to expect that much good will come. A
gathering composed of representatives of the
Development Association of the Valley, members of
Congress from the State and members of the Legisla
ture from districts within the region covered by the
association, certainly had in it all the' elements re
quired to devise a "comprehensive plan of improve
ments and to give it an effective support, both at
Sacramento and at Washington. • ' .
The discussions at the conference naturally included
a wide range of subjects, all of which are important.
Due attention was given to the movement for devis
ing a plan for protecting our forests and preserving
the water supply. That issue indeed is one which can
not at this time be overlooked at any gathering of
representative Californians, who meet to consider the
welfare of the State. Other measures of hardly less
importance were also taken up, and ways and means
agreed upon for promoting them.
According to the reports the conference agreed that
California Congressmen should ask for a clause in the,
river and harbor bill authorizing the engineers to use
the money appropriated for the lower Sacramento on
any portion of the river desired. It was also decided
that $300,000. more was needed for dams to impound
mining debris.
In the effort to obtain these and. other improve
ments requiring aid or legislation from the Federal
Government the people of California will profit much
by their wisdom in re-electing so many Congressmen
who have already had experience in the House. Our
State delegation iri the next Congress will be made
up mainly of men who have been iri the House long
enough to learn its methods of procedure and ¦ to
make their personal influence felt. Consequently, even
if all that is asked for be not obtained at the coming
session this winter, there will be a good chance of
success when the new Congress meets. We are on
the right .toad at last, and now, if harmony prevail
and all members of the State delegation work together
for the whole State, we may expect .California to at
tain at the national capital the prestige and influence
that are rightly hers.
THE SACRAMENTO CONFERENCE.
Ethel Bent gave her luncheon at the
University Club, 'and, although It was
only a very small affair It was none the
less delightful. Mrs. Bent has seen many
Two delightful affairs during the week
were the Murphy tea and the Bent
luncheon. Addle Murphy's tea was In
honor of Elena Robinson, the debutante
daughter of Mrs. Jlmmic Robinson.
I believe the first Friday in December Is
the date set for the initial dance of the
jolly Friday Fortnlghtlies. We are to
meet at the same old hall — Lunt's — and in
dulge in the same cooling lemonade be
tween dances. But who gives a - Og for
supper or punch when compared to tha
splendid time one always Is sure to have
at the Fortnightly? Last year Mrs. Sal
isbury's club developed several splendid
leaders. Speaking of leaders reminds me
that I am anxious for information and
fairly perishing to know what ha3 become
of poor old Ned Greenway.
• • •
The preparations for the show have not
been sufficiently overwhelming, however,
to make Bessie forget her 'cello nor her
milk diet. When Bessie came back from
Paris she brought a wonderful musical
record and a surplus of too, too solid
flesh. She has stuck to her music, but
the flesh — she is trying to drop it by an
exclusive menu of skimmed milk three
times a day.
then and she was quite as popular and
enterprising as Is her Jolly sister, Besste,
to-day. The Ames* "living pictures"
were the talk of many days. That splen
did old drawing-room up at the Taylor
street house was laid out like the- floor
of a beer garden and the, refreshments
served were In keeping— beer and pretzel3
and all the rest of It. Since the llvine
picture affair the stage constructed es
pecially for the occasion has been tho
most prominent feature of the Ames cel
lar. I understand that it is to that stage
and Its lnocuous "desuetudedness" that
we owe Jhe scheme of the 'coming enter
tainment. I also hear that Dr. Harry
Tevis Is to repeat his effort of the for
mer'affair and in addition will show what
a wonderful "spieler" has been lost in
him.
Miss Mundell U a 3an Rafael belle, but
I wager she did not get that blue silk,
with its trimmings of black panne velvet
and rhinestones, In the pleasant little burg
she makes her home. If It did not coma
from Parts it came from one of our first
class workshops, and really it is hard
these days to distinguish between the
work of the French capital and that of
our own dressmakers.
I'm still* under the spell of the opera and
when I'm not trying to chase the madden
ing delusions of melodies from my braJn
I'm vainly striving to shut out from my
mind's eye the gorgeous pictures of. tha
stage settings and the auditorium with It*
beautiful women In magnificent costume*.
Last "Wednesday evening the wonderful
performance of "Tannnauser" and the la
dles in the Philip Kohn proscenium
equally shared -my attention. When I
caught my first glimpse of Mrs. Kohn
with that glorious sunburst of rare gems
gleaming on her fair brow I could not
rest till I "took In" all the other details
of her costume.
Such a dress! and, oh, such Jewels! I'll
wager my seat at the opera that her
gown was an Imported one. White taf
feta appliqued In magnificent leaf pat
tern on white net and the whole madeovar
white silk; a skirt that fell like— oh. Just
how I wish mine did— and finished off with
countless little moussellne flounces. Then
there was a flashing girdle of rhlnestone*
and pearls — and oh, such an opera cape!
I Cream crepe lined with pastelle pink
> satin and edged with cream and pate
pink chiffon flounces with a diamond
brooch to fasten it at the neck. With
Mrs. Kohn was Mrs. Wlnterberg and Mlas
Essie Mundell. Dr. Winterberg has every
reason to be Inordinately vain about his
wife. What excellent taste. A black silk
gown all broidered o'er with great
splashes of gold ahd diamond ornaments
that lent Just the necessary finishing touch
to the magnificent gown.
lands sine© she left here a bride with her
dashing lieutenant and she has not loss
the art of sprightly conversation. I be
lieve there were only ten cover* at her
luncheon, but I'm convlnc©d*ther» wa» a
jolly time. : ; . ¦. ;
MRS. E. AVERT McCARTHT, WHO. MAJOR RATHBONE HAS SAH>. IS
THE BEST DRESSED OF ALL. THE SWELCL REGULAR ATTEND ANTS
AT THE GRAND OPERA.
MONDAY NOVEMBER 26, 1000
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address A:i Communication! to W. S. LEAKE. Manager. 1
MA.\AGEB'S OFFICE Telephone Pre»» 2Ot
ITBLICATIOX OKFICB Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Press 201. • . .
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Delivered I»r Cnrrlern, 15 Cents Per Week.
Mnjtle Copies, 5 Cent*.
Term* by Mnll, Inoladtnfr Postages
DAILT CALIv (ircludlng; Sunday), one year $6.03
!>AILT CALL- dnclaflins Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday). 3 months 1.50
PATLT CAI^L-By Single Month C5c
FT'VPAT CALL. One Tear 1.50
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear 1.00
All potlmattrni are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be Jortrarfied when requested.
Mall subscriber* In ordering change of address 6houM be
;>artlcular to rive both XE*W AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Jnsure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLlASTD OFFICE 111S Broadway
C. GEORGR KROGXKSS.
Vanager Foreign Advertisinec. Marquette Buiid'igr. Chicago.
1*ng Distance Telephone "Central :61».")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAIU.TOX Herald Sqnnre
N"ETV TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN Ii. SMITH 3O Tribune nnlldlne
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
TValdcrf-AFtoria Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square:
Murrey Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Pherrnan House: P. O. Xewj. Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
rrwnnnt House; Auditorium Hotel.
YVASBnrCTOS (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .I4Ort G St.. ST. W.
MOIITOX K. CtlA>R, Correspondent.
RRAXCH OFFICES T27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until *:Z<) o'clock. 3M Hayes, open until S:30 o'clock. C33
MflAfltaier, open until 9:30 o'clock. 613 Larkln. open until
t:3f> o'clock. IM1 MiFfion. open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
comer Sixteenth, o^en until 9 o'clock. 1P?« Valencia, open
until !> o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
r.er Twr rty-pecond and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
BRITISH FINANCES.
T T NDER ordinary circumstances the new British
I I Parliament would not meet until after the Janu*
ary holidays. The circumstances, however, arc
not ordinary. The empire is in need of money. The
estimates 'for the expenditures of the war in South
Africa were far short of the real cost; and conse
quently Parliament will have to meet for the purpose
of providing, the Ministers with money.
For many a year past British financiering has been
a comparatively simple matter. The fiscal policy of
the country has remained undisturbed, and whether
Conservatives or Liberals were in power has been d
matter of little moment to the business interests of
the people. It is now probable a change may. take
place, and that fact gives to the new Parliament an
irtercst to the industries and the commerce of the
empire which has not been felt before by men of this
generation.
Two facts confront the nation. There must be an
increase of revenue obtained by an increase of taxa
tion, and there must be money borrowed to meet the
immediate needs of the Government. Each of these
focts presents a new issue to the people. How shall
the revenues be increased? For the first time in this
generation there is a strong party that advises an in
crease of tariff duties; that is to say, a surrender qf
the free trade principle. How shall the money be
borrowed? There is a party that claims the loan
should not be offered on equal terms to all the world,
but that it should be placed at home, and that also is
a surrender of free trade. . ' . ¦
It is not likely that either of these "home market"
ideas will win at this time. So far as the loan is con
cerned, the advocates of borrowing money where it
can be borrowed cheii>est appear to be in control of
the situation. London dispatches of the 24th quote
the new Lord Mayor as saying: "It is merely a
n atter. of utilitarianism. American capital is bound
to improve business here. As to placing government!
loans in America, patriotism naturally prompts me to
say English financiers should have the first chance;
but if Americans give better terms, why let them
have them by all means."
That view of the financial question will probably
prevail without trouble, but all signs point to the con
clusion there will be u. harder fight on the question
of taxation. The present government has increased
the income tax to one shilling, has added a new
stamp duty and augmented the taxes on wine, tobacco
and tea. It is argued with a good deal of force that
such taxation cannot be safely carried much further,
and that for the additional revenues required tariff
taxes must be imposed. A writer in .the National
Review presents the question in this way:
"Beer and tobacco are already so heavily mulcted
that they cannot carry greater imposts. Whence
then are we to get the millions which will be needed
if our national position is to be rendered secure? I
answer that the political fads of the '50's and '60' 5 and
'70's must be discarded by a new administration. The
conditions which rendered them useful and salutary
have long since passed away; yet such is the force of
routine, such that inertia of mind to which allusion
has been so often made, that men are still enslaved
by them. As we shall have to fight for our lives we
must neglect no weapon. A tariff offers us at once
a means of raising funds for naval armaments, of ob
taining allies and of weakening the enemies who are
plotting our fall. With a tariff, too, we can consoli
date the empire. * * * I have never been able to
understand why in our customs system we should
divorce political aims from finance.. The two go
hand in hand, and do not lie in separate, water-tiglu
compartments. Nor can we afford in these times to
lose so valuable and so keenly tempered a weapon as
a tariff. Living in a world of protectionists, however
much we may regret it, we also must protect."
One further issue is to be noted. The Government
has repeatedly said the Transvaal must be made to
pay a large part of the cost of the war. Now, as any
taxation upon the impoverished farms of the land is
well nigh impossible, that means the gold mines must
be taxed; and the owners of the mines have begun
already to protest. They assert that the chief griev
ance of the outlanders against the Boers was the heavy
taxation of the mines, and ask with a good deal of
indignation if the British Government is now going to
step in and tax them more heavily still.
It will be seen that the questions are inte-esting
and are of importance to more people than the
British. In fact, the coming year may see the col
lapse of free trade in the land of its birth, and that
change will affect commerce all over the globe.
An enterprising New Yorker having made a close
study of a photograph of the Prince of Wales discov
ered that the trousers of the Prince were not creased,
and now the clubmen of the city are wondering what
to do about it. An impression prevails that creases
must vanish.
BREAK NG THE TRADE RECORD.
THE feature of commerce last week was the an
nouncement of the October exports from the
United States, showing that the month had
broken all previous records in this business. Nor is
this all. The ten months ending October 31 also
broke all records, so it appears that the assertion,
often made of late, that the export trade of the coun
try was greater than ever before was based on fact.
The exports in October amounted to $163,093,597, or
double those for October, 1894. The exports for the
ten months amounted to ?i, 194,775,205, or double
those for the corresponding period in 1894. During
the ten months of 1900 the exports exceeded the im
ports by $499,667,936, while in the same ten months in
1 8-54 the reverse was the case — the imports exceeding
the exports by $96,663,369. Thus in six years we have
doubled our export trade. The year 1000 will, for the
first time in the history of our commerce, show an
export of more than $100,000,000 value in every month
of the year, while for the first time a single month —
October. 1000 — passes the $150,000,000 line.
This gratifying condition bids fair to keep up. All
commercial reports indicate a continuatiori of this
remarkable export demand, and domestic business
also shows improvement. Thus the country's bank
clearings last week showed a gain of ig.8 per cent
over the same week last year, and, what is equally
promising, all of the very largest cities exhibited an
increase, that of New York being 26.4 per cent.
There have been a number of stock brokerage failures
in Wall street since the excitement following the
election: but this was to be expected, as all violent
periods in stocks catch some operators on the wrong
side, no matter whether the market goes up or down.
The failures for the week were 238, against 191. for
the same week last year.
The staples showed little change during the week.
Wheat continued to decline, owing to large supplies
the : world over. The visible supply 'is 8,060,000
bushels more than at this time last year, the quantity
in store and afloat is more than liberal, while in the
United States stocks zX terminal points are immense.
These conditions form too heavy a load for the mar
ket to carry, and it is depressed in consequence. The
iion trade, on the contrary, seems to be in good shape,
as all branches report a good demand at steady and,
in some instances, rising prices. Wool, like wheat,
is making a poor showing at the moment. Unseason
able weather in the East and West has cut down the"
demand for clothing materiallj', sales at Atlantic mar
kets are far below the season volume, and the
liquidation of embarrassed concerns threatens to
throw quantities of stock on the market. Aside from
this depression in textiles, however, manufactured
goods are meeting with a better distributive demand
zx many points, and prices in some are rising in re
sponse to this improved inquiry. • Otherwise there is
nothing new in the staples.
The stock business in Wall street continues large.
The public, after holding aloof for nearly a year, have
started in to buy, and purchases for investment are
enormous. In fact, most of the business just now is
for this account. Money has naturally hardened
under this activity, but there has been no pressure on
the market, and indeed rates have not advanced as
much as anticipated.
In the San Francisco market there is almost noth
ing new. There is 1 good, steady demand for all
classes of merchandise, and the export trade of the
port continues brisk. Cereals are dragging some
what, being, in fact, the most unsatisfactory line of
Hade at the moment. Otherwise conditions remain
the same as for some weeks.
It is said that the murderous .Prince Tnan is to be
banished. As nobody would- welcome him this may
be the diplomatic way of saying that he will have to
cet off the earth. ; ¦ ; . ...
Uncle Sam, it is said, took the royal word of the
Sultan of Turkey that the Smyrna indemnity .would
be paid. And it begins to look as if the Sultan
thought that his words were golden.
The Board of Supervisors has accused the Board of
Works of committing a gross fraud on the public in
reference to street sweeping contracts. Perhaps that
r.ew broom of proverbial thoroughness has worn "out.
THE EAST WAKING UP.
ONE of the most gratifying features of the pres
ent discussion of arid land problems brought
about by the meeting of the Irrigation Con
vention at Chicago is the evidence given of Eastern
interest in the subject. For a long time the press of
that section treated the matter as if it were a Western
scheme to loot the Treasury, but now a new light has
dawned upon some of the more influential papers and
they are coming forward in support of the project.
Along with the change in the press comes a change
in the sentiment of business men in the East. Thus
the Republican of Springfield, Mass., recently pub
lished a letter from a correspondent in Chicago say
ing: "It would seem strange, at first, that so few
business men realize what'vast possibilities there are
for commercial development in the West through the
irrigation of the arid lands. But the majority, no
doubt — like ourselves until recently — have given the
matter very little thought. We have, however, of late
given the subject consideration, and we have become
deeply impressed .with its importance to all the com
mercial interests of the country. There is no doubt
that the Government ought to take hold of the
problem in a broad way as recommended by its own
engineers and experts, and preserve the forests, build
reservoirs to save the flood waters, and build the great
dams and main' line xanals necessary to bring the
water within reach of settlers on the public land. If
this were done, what is now a vast uninhabitable waste
would be rapidly, filled with a dense and prosperous
population."
1 It would be difficult to exaggerate the benefits that
would result to all sections of the Union and to the
business interests of all by a comprehensive system of
irrigation of the arid districts. It is said there arc
upward of- 75,000,000 acres of land in the national do
main that can be brought under cultivation by irriga
tion at a. cost of about $150,000,000. The expenditure
v/buld be in the nature 'of an investment, for the rev
enues derjved from the products of the redeemed soil
would repay the. Government even if tht lands should
be thrown open to free settlement instead of being
sold.. Such; a region could 1 support a population of
many millions of. people, providing a new market for
AFTER all that has been said of the significance
of the popular vote in the recent election it has
been left for President McKinley to state it
best. He has given in due proportion credit, to each
of the great popular elements that combined to
achieve the victory. These elements were the stalwart
Republicans, the conservative Democrats, honest
anti-imperialists who, while opposed to the Philippine
policy of the administration, were yet sufficiently
patriotic to suppprt it against Bryanism; the Republi
can contingent' which, after leaving the party on the
financial question in 1896, returned to their rightful
allegiance this year; and last but by no means least
what the President called "the almost unbroken col
umn of labor," and business men in every part of the
country.
Concerning the issues which brought all thesei ele
ments of the people into harmonious action at the
polls, the President said:
"It is not the triumph of an individual, nor alto
gether of a party, but an emphatic declaration by the
people of what they believe and would have main
tained in government. . A great variety of subjects
was presented and discussed in the progress of the
campaign. It records the unquestioned indorsement
of the gold standard, industrial independence, broader
markets, commercial expansion, reciprocaltrade, the
open door in China, the inviolability of public faith, the
independence and authority of the judiciary and peace
and beneficent government under American sover
eignty in the Philippines. American credits are un
impaired, the honor of. the American flag unsullied
and the obligations of a righteous war and treaty of
peace unrepudiated."
An election of such a character imposes great re
sponsibilities upon the administration. There is now
no such thing as a genuine opposition party in the
country. The fused elements of Democracy, Popu
lism,-free silverism and bourbonism, which made up
the Bryanite party, are rapidly resolving back to the'u
primitive condition. There is no organization capable
of intelligent criticism and restraint upon the action
of the party in power. Thus the administration has
virtually no limit upon its action within the scope of
the constitution, and has to meet every issue of the
time with an undivided responsibility. The Presiden:
very justly pointed out that many of these issues "are
too exalted to be matters of partisanship." and tha:
statement in itself gives assurance that the administra
tion in the performance of its duties will be guided by
patriotism and wisdom.
McKINLEY ON THE VICTORY.
IF you happen to me«t Mrs. Page or
Mrs. Teamans or Mrs. Freese with
in the next few days you want to be
careful not to let the conversation
drift In the direction of "linen." All
tnese ladles are linen connoisseurs, but
nevertheless It If just as well not to men
tion the subject Iri their presence.
Mrs. Page, Mrs. Yeamans. Mrs. Freese,
Mrs. Tubbs of Oakland and several others
whose names just at present I do not
recall have met Knopf, a linen drummer;
hence their wrath and the natural conse
quence of It. .
Knopf is a wily chap, and according to
the tale he told the ladies who grieve be-
Oause they met him— the representative of
some of the best known European fine
linen maufacturers— he took large order3
from all of the ladles whose names I have
mentioned, and some * were trusting
enough to let a substantial deposit go
with their orders.
Of course, they never got the linens.
Knopf, I have been told, has been work
ing his "linen" game for more than two
years and has found victims in all the
big cities of the East, as well as here.
It [s also quite probable that other ladles
whl meet the drummer, for I have been
told he has just arranged to establish his
headquarters in this city.
• ? ' •
I call It a shame that Isabelle Preston
should keep thif details of her approach
ing wedding such a dead secret. The
cards are out, but they only tell that Mr.
and Mrs. E. F. Preston want you to be
present at the wedding of their daughter
Isabelle to Len D. Owens. Thursday. De
cember 12. at 3 o'clock at St. Luke's
Church., A little bird has been busy, whis
pering that there Is to be a long string
of bridesmaids and ushers and something
altogether lovely and i novel In a color
scheme arrangement, but besides "birdie"
there is no one who will tell a single
thing. Isabelle, I understand, has sworn
them to secrecy. By "them" I mean the
fortunate ones who will lead the way for
her to the altar. She has made them
take a solemn oath to "reveal nothing,"
and strange and awful to relate tney are
keeping their respective word. I "have
tried hard, hut can find out nothing ex
cept that her two beautiful sisters, Edith
and Norma, will be among her attend
ants. Anybody, though, might have
guessed as much as that. Oh yes, I also
know that a reception follows the cere
mony\at. the residence of the bride's par
ents, 2104 Van Xess avenue, and that
while hundreds, of Invitations have gone
out for the ceremony, cards to the re
ception which Is to follow have been lim
ited
• • *
Maybe we have not cause to be proud
of Rose Hooper! Three miniatures at the
Hopkins Institute exhibit and critics and
art lovers . exhausting their supply of
laudatory adjectives each time one Is
mentioned. The miniatures on exhibition.
'.'Empress Eugenie," "Princesse de Lam
balle" and "A baby,"- represent the
choicest specimens of Miss Hooper's art.
She brought them back with her from
Paris, where they won 'the encomium of
the most exacting critics. I find it hard
to believe that Rose Hooper— one of us
girls— can do those seemingly magic
things. But if you want to see talented
Rose at her best you want to get Mrs.
Joe Tobin to show you the miniature.
Just completed, of herself. The likeness Is
perfect. The coloring Is exquisite and the
delicate shade of the decollette pink
gown is a splendid foil to the perfect col
oring of the skin and hair. Rose is
mighty proud of the miniature of Mrs.
Joe and has every right to be so. Just
at present a miniature of Mrs. Stubbs is
occupying Miss Hooper's time and atten
tion, and the next miniature In order is
to be one of Mr. Stubbs.
• * •
I predict that the jolliest affair of the
holiday season will be the private theatri
cals to be given by Bessie Ames along
about Christmas time. The prettiest girls
and the cleverest men are to take part,
and they are going to give a vaudeville
performance that is bound to be "the
greatest ever."
The Ameses have a reputation for pri
vate theatricals. Several years ago they
gave a "living picture" show that estab
lished the high standing of splendid Mrs.
Ames as a hostess. Alice Ames (Mrs.
Robblns) was the young lady of the house
BY SALLY SHARP.
SOCIETY SWELL MATRONS MEET A
LINEN DRUMMER
The great work cannot be accomplished by any power
less than that of the . nation, and consequently until
by a campaign of education the Eastern people have
been taught the full value of the plan we can hardly
expect to see anything of importance attained. It is
for that reason the evidences now forthcoming of pop
ular interest in the subject on that side of the conti
nent are so gratifying to all who understand the mag
nitude of the enterprise.
many kinds of .'American products and . furnishing
other products for export. :
THE^ SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1900.
AN OPPORTUNITT-Take advantage of the
round-trip steamer : ticket*, only $60 during No
vember. , Including fifteen days' board at "Hotel
d«l Coronado." the Ideal summer and winter ro
sort. Apply at 4 New Montgomery at., city.;'
4
Don't think because a man 13 short of
stature that he was brought up on con-
densed milk. '
If You're in a Hurry Take the "Over-
land Limited,"
Learlnr Ban Francisco daily at 10 a. m.. *1*
Central Pacific, Union Pacific *nd Chicago and
Northwestern railways, and arririn* at Cslcao
at 9:39 a. rn. the third day. A solid -»e»tlbuled
train of superb iplsnior. carryln* Pullmaa
double drawing-room slaapars. dlnlny ear and
buffet stnoklas and library car. San Vranolaco
to Chicago without chana:*. Only tvar day* ts
New Tork and Boston. If you want luxury
and comfort combined with speed and safety
take the "Overland Limited."
Every man you meet Is willing to admit
that he was once a fool.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tb*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1043. •
Townsenl's California glace fruits, SOo a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. baa<
keta, 639 Market. Palace Hotel building. •
Choice candies. Townsend's .Palace Hotel.*
AMUSEMENTS.
California — Haverly'B Minstrels.
Prffceurn— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "Das Rhelngold."
Ali-azar— '•peven-Twenty-Eicht."
Columbia "The Pir.elr.p Girl."
Tivolf— ryk Jolly Musketeer."
Alhambra— Herrmann, the Great.
Olyrcpla. corner Mason and Eddy etreets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo an<l Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Tanfnr«n Park— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
Bv •Wm. G. Laj-ng:— Tuesday evening, Xovemb*r 27. at 7:45
e'eiork. Thoroughbred YearHns5. at 721 Howard etr^et.
An eminent Italian doctor has been ex-
perimenting wfth the Inhalation* of .petro-
leum fumes In cases of whooping cough
and baa obtained good results.
"•¦ ¦-.-.-. • . — i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BABY LAUGH
It belongs to health, for a
baby, to eat and sleep, to laugh
and grow fat
But fat comes first; don't ask
a scrawny baby to laugh; why,
even his smile is pitiful! Fat
comes first.
The way to be fat is the way
to.be healthy. , Scott's emul-
sion of cod-liver oil is the prop-
er food, if he needs it; but only
a little at first.
WeTl tend you > Tittle to try II y*a Sfce. -¦»--
t SCQTT & BOWNE, Pearl itrtat. Nry Ya>Mrs. J. M. Reynolds, who !s not a mil
liner, but who has done much in the- In
terests of early closing of millinery estab
lishments, was chosen temporary chair
man. Miss Abbie Hayes of the Wonder
millinery store was made secretary after
Miss Alice Edwards had declined, and
; Miss Maggie McAullffe was chosen as
treasurer.
The girls were speedily glvan a lesson
In what a labor movement means. A com
munication was read from Horace V. Car
ter of the Retail Shoe Clerks' Protective
Association expressing sympathy with the
purpose of the meeting and suggesting in
a postscript that they buy their shoes be
fore &,p. m. Several worrien not milliners
made socialistic speeches, and labor union
representatives urged the necessity of
permanent union organization.
Miss Bessie Collins, who has been the
Mrs. K. N. Kevins, < also not a milliner,
talked of competition, organization and
the brotherhood of man. The chairman
had some difficulty In keeping outsiders
from consuming the afternoon in a gen
eral discussion little related to the sub
ject In hand, but she did It with tact and
firmness. . .
The agreement which has already been
circulated to 6ome extent among em-
existing between the milliners and their
employers was received with applause.
J. S. Clark, State organizer of the Co
operative Brotherhood, was called upon
and he gave a sensible talk, approving of
the evident disposition to avoid antagon
ism of employer and employe.
A Mrs. Smith, not a milliner, said that
the milliners were as much slaves as the
colored people of the South ever were. She
asserted that teachers forced out of em
ployment here in Sen Francisco had been
driven to selling lottery tickets and to
working out as house servants.
PRETTY MILLINERS APPLAUD THE ASSERTION OF MISS BESSIE
COLLINS THAT THE MOVEMENT BEGUN BY THEM FOR EARLY
CLOSING INVOLVES NO ANTAGONISM OF THEIR EMPLOYERS
Beasts Are Very Plentiful in Texas
and Are Becoming Bold
From Hunger.
AUSTIN. Tex.. Nov. 25.— The ranchmen
ajid cowboys of La Salle and adjoining
counties are organizing a grand panther
hunt, to take place early In December.'
The people of that section are gTeatly
aroused over the carrying off and devour
ing of two Mexlcaxi children by a ferocious
panther a few days ago and a determined
effort is to be made to exterminate the
dangerous animals.
The panthers have become to bold that
they frequently enter the homes of tho
Mexicans during the day while the men
are absent. The animals are In search of
food, and It was hurger that caused them
to carry off and eat the two children, who
•were playlntr at their home when they met
their horrible fate.
COWBOYS ORGANIZING
A PANTHER HUNT
CINCINNATI. Nov. 25.— Floods are re
ported all along the Ohio Valley to-night.
In almost the entire valley it has been
raining since last Tuesday and almost
continuously since Friday. While no lives
are reported lost, the damage to property
is considerable. The Licking River, in
Kentucky, is very high and has caused
some damage on the Ohio side by its
waters rushing across the Ohio Channel
and sweeping the Cincinnati landing. One
of the bridges over the Licking, connect
ing Covlngton and Newport, was swept
away. The lumber yards, mills and ship
ping generally suffered great loss.
On the Ohio side the Great and Little
Miami rivers are both high and floods
along the tributaries of the Ohio River
are reported elsewhere. Th*- Ohio rose
eight feet during the last twenty-four
hours and Is rising more rapWy to-night.
Continuous Rainfall Causes Rivers to
Rise and Considerable Dam
age Results.
DISASTBOUS FLOODS
IN THE OHIO VALLEY
SIXTY pretty milliners met yester
day afternoon in Red Men's Hall
on Post street and effected a tem
porary organization and toot. the
first steps toward securing an
agreement among their employers to close
at 6 p. m. In general ha/mony prevailed.
The girls did not all try to talk at once,
and only ence did the parliajnentarians
among them have to give up in despair in
face of countless motions and amend
ments. •
leader of the movement, explained the
purpose of the meeting. She said; ;
"We «ek our employers to sign an agreement
to . close at 6 p. m.. with certain exceptions.
There is no fight between us and our employ
ers, who In the main are good to us,' consider
ate of our weliare and comfort, and willing to
become ' parties • to such agreement. If there
are some who shall refuse to sign the agree
ment, then we will have to take stronger
measures, and that would probably mean form
ing a union.
Miss Collins* reference to the good will
From Tangle of Amendments Comes Draft of Agreement
Whieh Employers Will Be Asked to Sign.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 25.— David T.
Day. chief of the division of mining and
mineral sources of the United States
geological survey, has just completed the
annual summary of the mineral produc
tion of the United States Ircm 1S90 to
1S23. inclusive. The total value of the
minerals produced during the* last cal
endar year amounted to $S76.O0S,O46,
against $6S7,S2o,T30 In leyj. an increase of
*.'i"S,1SS,22G, or practically 40 per cent.
This increase was the most noyible In
the hl3tory of the mineral Industry. The
previous largest increase was from ISM
to li£6. when the value advanced about
IS per cent. The production from l£S0 to
lb'Jfc has exceeded *tt0,9W.00Q in every year
except two, the panic years of 1&»3 and
The average yearly production from 1S90
to IS9S. inclusive, was $ClS,L'i6,510, making
the production in 1SS9 $357.7r:.433, or 58 per
cent in exects of the average for that
period. The greatest increase In 1S93 was
in the value of the pigiron product, which
Increased to EMo.lTxa*. or about 110 per
cent over ISab. The enormous increase
was \due to the phenomenal demand and
high prices. - .-;;.';
The increase In ths coal production
added over $43,000,000. or 23 per cent, to
the 1S9S value. Copper increased nearly
60 U00 000 pounds in quantity and over 512,-
OJJ.Odu in value, the ruling prices being
higher than for a number of years past.
Crude petroleum advanced nearly $20,500,
000 or about 45 per cent, due prlncipally
to advanced prices, tne production in
creasing less than 4 per cent.
rv« value of tne natural &as consumed
in 1S93 is p:a,ced at a little ever $20,000,000.
against J15.30u.0C0. due entirely to the
higher prices chargeu. Mi increase of
about 10 per cent, or from $64,453,000 in
1!-'.«S to $71.O*»3 > 400 In 1S59, is shown in gold
production.
Ine production of silver showed a very,
small increase. The lead production de
creased 6 per cent, but increased over
$2,000,000 In value. Spelter Increased to
119.405 short tons, valued at $13,731,920. The
building stone Industry Increased $8,000.
000. The total value of the metallic pro
duction in 1S90 was $o27,21S.0S4. an Increase
of 54 per cent. Non-metallic products in
creased 27 per cent to $447,790,864. Every
year since 1SS9 to 1S98. Inclusive, the value
of the non-metallic production has ex
ceeded the metallic, but In 1899 the metal
lic exceeded by $79,500,000. A change of
nearly $S0.Oft0,000 occurred in the relative
values between 1S98 and 1899.
Unprecedented activity and advanced
values, the report says, were shown in
nearly every branch of the mining In
dustry during 1S99.
B-eport of the Geological Survey
Shows This to Be the Host No
table Increase of' the
Mining Industry.
An Advance of Forty Per
Cent Over the Output
of Last Year.
INCREASE IN THE
MINERAL PRODUCT
MILLINERS DISCUSS MEASURE
TO MAKE WORKDAY SHORTER
ployers was read. It provides for closing
&.t b p. m., excepting Saturdays, after Jan
uary 1. Miss Alice Edwards said that an
exception should also be made of the two
weeks preceding Easter. All the girls
agreed that their employers would justly
insist on keeping the stores open evenings
during that time.
George Lynch, whose mother owns a
millinery store at Market and Sixth
streets, was one of the three or four men
preeent. He said* that late closing for
two weeks before Easter would satisfy
the employers. The girls applauded. Miss
Bailie suggested that three evenings a
week for those two weeks ought to satisfy
the employers. Lynch thought that at
least keeping open every evening for
those two weeks would be too much for
the employers to ask, and the girls ap
plauded again and murmurs of "Good
Doy, Georgie," were heard. George liked
the applause and spoke again and voted
on propositions and offered amendments
just as if he were a trimmer or a sales
woman.
The discussion developed the fact that
en exception would also have to be made
of the two weeks preceding Christmas and
of the evenings preceding legal holidays
and the Jewish new year. The attempt to
get these exceptions embodied in the draft
of the agreement caused the meeting to
become tangled up in a snarl of motions
and amendments until everybody gave It
up In despair and they besan all over}
rgain and a motion including all those ex
ceptions was written out by the secretary
and passed unanimously.
Joseph Hayes, •who is not a milliner, but
who is connected with a wholesale mll
linory firm, took part in the bombardment
of amendments ~ by offering one himself.
Hayes did not make a hit. His EnCTsh
was not trimmed to suit the girls and his
suggestion found no favor.
. A pretty sirl from Keith's wanted a vote
of thanks to be given "the shoemakers"
for their sympathy.. Her mistake was cor
rected and the vote of thanks was given
to the shoe clerks. The press was also
thanked.
P. H. McCarthy, president of the Build
ing Trades Council, and H. B. Jones, rep
resenting the Retail Shoe Clerks', Protec
tive Association, came in late and made
speeches urging the necessity of the form
ation of a union.
It was decided to ask for volunteers
from each millinery store to secure the
signatures of employers to the agreement.
A collection was taken to meet expenses.
$11 15 being: secured. Another meeting will
be held in the same place next Sunday
afternoon, beginning as soon after 1
o'clock as possible.
Hotel. Sncakthief.
A sneakthlef entered room 123 at the
Palace Hotel, ' occupied * by ' Mrs. " B. ¦ U.
Steinman of Sacramento,-. Friday and
stole a sealskin sack valued at $350. The
police were notified and Detectives Ryan
and : O'Dea Tound the sack yesterda v
morning in a second-hand .store on Fourth
street. They are now searching for the
thief.- "¦ '¦:-: ' :.:¦':-; ¦— ¦ : • - . ..¦¦,. -
Luncheon
Is not comolete without a bottle of BLACK &
TAX— "the American • Porter"— product of the
Anheuser-Busch Brewing. Ass'n that rivals and
excels . the . best English . Porter, Stout • or ;.'alf
and ¦ ' al f . -
Fancy Florentine panels - made in all
sizes for oil painting, finished In green,
bronze and gold, cream enamel and gold,
all of the newest designs and an immense
variety - of white wood novelties for fire
etching; also pretty and useful articles in
leather purses, : belts,! photo cases and al
bums, frames and fancy boxes, all made
for this same purpose and an excellent
fresh supply of whole sheep skins in all
colors just from the tanners. The latest
improved pyrography outfits. Sanborn
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Art Wins • tie Heart.
My dear people and beloved children, the
first thought that should be In your mind
should be of thankfulness that God has been
good enough to allow you to receive this
blessed eacrament of confirmation. This beau
tit ui sacrament teaches us a lesson and ¦ that
is how near we can be to our Father. He is
very near to us, and like a friend will. If we
¦wish It, walk with us through our lives. We
Bhould also be very thankful to these good
brother* and sisters that Have instructed these
children about the sacrament that they are re
ceiving to-day. Never forget their good works
and always include them and your pastors In
your prayers. The great question that as
serts itself is how will these children grow
up? The time of confirmation is just when
the child's dangers first b*>gin. They are not
then their own masters: they are guided by
the Influence and wisdom of their parents.
This - danger often lasts when they grow up
until they have a home of their own. What
children should do as well as their , parents
is pray for that restraining power to lead good
lives to the honor and ylory of our holy faith.
I wish to sp^aU especially this afternoon on
Catholic education. Most children attend Sun
day school, but at the best it is a poor make
shift. The beat that can be said of Sunday
school is that it Is better than nothing at all.
You "have a splendid day school In this parish
and ¦all children should attend It. The teach
ers are scholarly men and can fit any child for
the ordinary walk* of I life. In this way -boys
and girls can be taught Catholic principle* not
only on Sundays, i but eVery day In the week.
The cause of so many people becoming care
less when they rrow . up and fall away from
our holy faith is through Ignorance of the doc
trines or reliaion. ¦ ¦¦-:.-. .--;., •- - : - . •«-
One. thing more., parents should set their
children ' a good example. The ' baby - learns to
talk through watching lt» mother's llpi move,
and in the same way • children : watch their
parents'- actions ' when ¦¦ they ... rrow . . older. . If
your children see. you go to mass every - Sun
4aJk- U . they s«« you receive ths sacramenu,
His Grace Archbishop Riordan adminis
tered the sacrament of confirmation to a
large class of boys and girls yesterday
afternoon at SU Joseph's Church. The
gaJleries were crowded with a large con
grreg/ation, which took a deep Interest and
followed the service most devoutly. The
main aisles of f he church were especially
reserved for the children who were to be
anointed. A few minutes before 4 o'clock
the girls, all dressed in white, marched
into the church, under the direction of
several sisters of the Holy Name. The
children recited the creed while waiting
the arrival of the Archbishop. The boys
took seats on the right side of the church
a few minutes later.. They were under the
care of the Christian Erothers of St. Jo
seph's School.
After the children had sung the "Veni
Creator" the Archbishop, accompanied by
several of the local clergy, entered the
sanctuary. His Grace was invested in a
white cope and mitred and after making a
short prayer he received hi3 crozler from
the hands of Father Mulligan, and facing
the congregation xvaited for the boys to
approach the high altar. After all the
boys had been anointed the girls received
the sacrament.
Tho Archbishop then made the following
address:
Girls— Mary Bohan, Mary Schumacher, Agnes
Welch, Mary Rooney, Genevieve Fay, Fannis
LucUr. Annie Dorgan, Josephine Whalon. Ed
na Murray. Catherine McLaughlin, Cecelia
Bamum. Ann!* Brown, Nellie Murphy, Jennie
Smith, Rose McCann, Susie •Kllduff, Mary
Tobln, Nellie McCarthy, Sarah Foye, Mary
RouKsea, Marsartt Burns,. Mary Cook, Mary
Flynn. Josephine Flynn. Esther- Redmond.
Catherine Gotelli.* Rose McLaughlln. Ella Car
roll. Mary Wichmann. Mary Dwyer, Grac*
Pcanneli. Ella HcCloskej-. Catherine Cleary.
Myrtle Murphy, Catherine McElearnej-, Mar
garet Murphy, Nora McKeon. Gertrude White,
Angeline Dapollo, Margaret Doherty, Annie
Schunialccr, Ar.nie Sailth. Clare Fisher. Mary
Sweeney. Catherine , Cummlngrs. WlnlfreO
Brisgs, -Ella Jefferson,' Alice Musante. Pearl
Clark, Grace Fitzgerald. Rose Pholbon, Ella
Soper, Teresa Furm.in, Alice Murkle, Mary
Deraln.
Boys— M. Kerwln, C. Maher, J. Vaughan. N.
Caaey. E. Foley, M. Glllesple, C. Hurley. T.
Stahlberg, J. Rafterty, J. Gorman, J. O'Neill,
J." Kearns, R. Nagle, E. Richards, E. Kom
ethoeft, M. Tlerney. F. Murphy. H.McMahon.
G. Johnson. N. Callaghy, J. I>tllon, H. Maney,
S. Sorrocco, C. Ryan. P. Kinch. F. Manning.
T. Buckley. C. Gtlcon, N. Newman, L. Carney,
J. Cook. H. Pfaendler. A. Keegan, M. Rowan.
J. Kelly, W. Hartnett, J. Whittle. J. Connolly.
G. Holtz. J. Leonard, H. Dunphy. J. Canty, J.
Hourigan, J. Lynch, T. Nee. S. Leonard, J.
Ratto. J. Fitzgerald. J. Thurber, J. Johnson,
W. Vocke. F. Devlin, M. Barron. L. Murphy,
G. Ossmann, A. SIose. J. O'Connor. J. Cos
tello. H. O'Dea, J. Anders, E. Flanders, A.
Rousseau, F. Renter, J. Crowe, J. Renter, J.
Tracy. G. Allen. G. Flnney. B.' O'Brien T
Burns, W. Blarney, F. Grace, A. McGee, P.
Murphy.
ceivpd their first communion yesterday at
the 8 o'clock mass:
TU« foUowln* named bojis and girls r«-
Glrls-^Kathryn Rose O'Brien, Loretta Carmel
ita .White. ¦. Mary Brlgld Bentzinser, Mar>' Ce
cilia Twigg, Marj* Cecilia Smith, Alice Maria
BentzinK* r, Julia v Elizabeth McCarthy, ; Julia
Canncl Kitzmaurlce. Annie Gertrude Otis, Alma
Gertrude Sullivan. Nellie Carmellta Ryan. Maud
Gabriel Kllmartln, Nellie Gabriel Hurley, Mary
Florence v Collins, Mary Resary Alcott, Alice
Maria CConnell, Mary Teresa Doneghue, Mary
Gertnid* McCarthy, .Rose Alice Hallahan, Te
resa- Dolores; Collins,- Minnie Imelda . Sheehy,
Annie Elizabeth Howard; Mary Madeline Ryan.
\Vlnlfred Patrltia O'Connor.- Catherine Ursula
Matheson, - Augusta Elizabeth Snilth. Nora
Imelda Kllkelly, Catherine Josephine Dowd,
Marj'. Agnes Kenny, . Mary /Catherine Smith.
Sarah Carmellta Wilder. Elizabeth Margaret
FltrseralJ, Rose Margaret Nevalla. Henrietta
Catherine- Dloss. Alice Marcella Bryant. Ellen
Mary Bashle, ;Edna Clair Callahan, Edna Mar
garet Crowe, Eugenia " Bonita Connelly. Clara
Mary Crosby; . Elizabeth Rose Donahue, Ella
Agnes : Dowllng. Helen Frances Dower, Ger
trude-Elizabeth Ford. Annie Gertrude Fitz
patrick. Ida , Imelda = Greming«r, : Annie ¦ Imelda
Haley, : Mary ' BrldKet Hubbard, atary Cath
erine • Hopklne, ' Gertrude Catherine : Hyde,
Annie : Catherine : • Johnston, Catherine Mary
Kane, Helen « Agnes s Kingston. ¦ Ella ¦ Madeline
Lowney, Annie Mary Larkln,- Marcella Joseph
ine • Lamb.- Rose Patritla Madden, Laura Mary
Narval. " Myrtle ¦¦- Bonita 5 O'Dea. : Mary ¦ Ellen
O'Learj'. Lilian Veronica O'Connor, Josephine
Imelda Price, CTara Rose Price ' Pearl Juanlta
Plckard, Catherine: Gertrude Sharkey, Cecilia
Genevleva Shine, Mary ! Genevleve Smith, Mar-
Karet ~ Catherine ¦ Stokes. :: Helen ¦ Frances - Sulli
van.» Mary Imelda ' Tieraey, Ella Red»mpta
. Tracey. ¦ Mary . Asnes Thurber. "Alice Eva Win
ters, Marcella Margaret • Wren, Margaret - Jo
spehlne O' Nell; - Mary • Teresa Welch, Helen
Mary ; Barlow. 1^ Anne Clare Geary, Annie Mary
McDonald. Mabel Aloysia Walker, - Gertrude
Mary Shortt. Blanche . Gabriel . London, r Ellen
Bonita London. Mabel Mary • O'Connor. 'Jessie
Walburga^ Wlchmann. Elizabeth ; Mary Smith.
Mariana - Gabriel Givanovich. , Mary , Patrltia
Smith, • Anna i Martha ' Carlson, Ellen I Mary
Racevlch. ' Irene . Sheridan." Annie
Catherine Sheridan. Annie- ¦• Frances . Hagerty
and Catherln* Asnc« Brown.* - .
they. trill recpect the faith and grrow up good
Catholics therasehej. . ,;.?_._
At* the close of his Grace's address
solemn benediction was celebrated by the
Rev. Father P. Scanlan. The Rev. Fath
ers Harnett, "Keane, O'Sulllvan, Wyman,
Kennedy, Mulligan- and McAuliSe were In
tho sanctuary.
The following named children received
the sacrament of confirmation: ..^ f ; :
Boys— Charles J. Gorman. ' S. Allesraert. C.
Barry, G. ¦ Black, W. Brestln, J. Burns, F.
Dolan, F. Deasy, J. Donovan, J. Feeley, W.
Fox, J. Gallagher, J. Gorman, J. Henry. '.A.
Holland, J. Kearns, A. Komsthoeft, J. Marln,
J. Murphy, C. O'Brien, T. O'Brien. E. O'Con
nell, C. O Connor, F. Oellerich. J. Pfaendler,
G. Rob!ns<?n, T. Rowan, J. Ryan, F. Sweeney,
P. Vaushan, J. Warren, J. Welch, F. .Williams.
S. Harron, C Bogan, B. Corbett, P. Cunning
ham, A. Daggett. E, Dulea, iL Karriran. C.
Hlllard. P. Kelly, F. Lauthier. A. Madden, H.
HcCarthy, J. Morlarlty. J. O'Brien. D. O'Neill.
A. l»roEren, W. Rcesner, VS. Shultz, C. Thlghe,
G. Vocke, P. AVard, J. Colton, E. Dorcan. W.
Dwyer, F.- Er.rlsht, ¦ F.^Flneran, I. Funke, F.
Gamble, E. Gllson, E. Cotelll. F.' Jackson, R.
Klcrnan. E. Manning, J. McGrorj'. R. Mc-
Grory. J. Noonan, J. Xuire-nt, J. O'Connor, E.
P.owan, W. Shea, J. Sullivan, A. Wall, , T.
Winters and n. Ennls.
Administers the Holy Sacrament and Calls Upon the Newly Anointed to Stand Fast in
the Faith — Several of the Local Clergy Assist in the Impressive Ceremony.
HIS GRACE ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN CONFIRMS
LARGE CLASS OF CHILDREN AT ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1900.
5
Take Time by th.i Forelock
Order Evans* Ale or Stout from your
dealer to-day. Sherwood & Sherwood. •
AMUSEMENTS.
JIOHOSCO'i GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO. -
FARE WELL WEEK.
DER RING DESN1BELUNGEN,
rWamer).
TO-NIGHT AT %.3Q—"VAS RHE1NGOLD."
Susan Strong. Marylli. Scheff. Olltzka and
Schumann-Heink: Van Dyck. Bl3pham. Muhl-
mann, Blass. Journet, Dufrlche. Bars, Hubbe-
net. . -
To-morrow nlgrht at 7:45. "DIE WALKUERE"
-Gad?kl, Schurnann-Hclnk. Scheff. Olitika,
Marylli. Remi. Bauermeister. Van Cauteren.
Bridewell and Ncrd.ca; Van Dyck. Blass aad
Blspham. . ;;.._.
Wednesday, at 7:45. "SIEGFRIED"— Schu-
mann-Heinle. Scheff and Nordica; Dlppel. Bi.«p-
ham. Bias?. Hubbenet and Ed. de Reszke.
(Conductor for all "RING" Performances.
Mr. Walter Damrosch.)
Thursday. Xovember 29. at 8:15 <by re«jue«t>.
•LA BOHF.ME"— Melba. Scheff. Saieza. aill-
bert, Jcurnet. Dufrlch*. Mastero and Campa-
nari. Conductor. Mr. Manclnelll.
'•>:.iiv. «t T;3C— ••GOTTEnnAKMMERITNG"
— Uippel. Muhlmann and Ed. de Resxke; Susan
Strong. SohumanR-Helnk, Scheff. Brldewll antl
Ncrdica. Corductcr. Mr. Walter Damrosch.
Saturday at ?. Farewell Matinee— "LA TRA-
VIATA"— Melba, Van Cauteren. Bauermelster.
Campanari. Bars. Dufri«-h». GUIb^rt and Cre-
momnl. Conductor. Mr. Manclnelll.
PRICES— 12 to J7. Branch Ticket Office Em-
porium.
¦ Saturday eveninsr. December 1— Extra Per-
formance— "LOHENGRIN"— Gadskl and 3chu-
mann-Heink. Van Dyck. Muhiminn. Dufricha
and Blass. Conductor. Mr. Walter Damrosch.
SPECIAL PRICES for this PeTformanc*— Or-
chestra and 3 Front Rows. Dress Circle. $3;
Drers Circle (last 3 rows), ft: Family Circle. 13;
Gallery. $2: Boxes. CO. 123. {30; General Admis-
sion. 12.
Sunday, Dec and Farewell Xl*nt.
"RIGOLETTO!"
Suzanne Adams. Bauer. Bauermelster. Van
Cauteren and Homer: Saleza.. Journet. Glllbcrt.
Dufrlche. Vhrlanl. Maslero and Scottl.
PRICES— $L ' 13. *3». 13.
Boxes, 113. $15, SIS. General Admission tl.
WEBER PIANO CSgP.
GRAND OPE55A HOUSE
MONDAY EVENING NEXT, Dao. Id.
REOPENING of ths Dramatic Season.
FIRST APPEARANCE of th«
OLIVER LESLIE CO.
Every artist direct from New Torfc
In a superb production of
THE PRISONER of ZENDA
\- i, First time at popular prices.
lOc. 15c. S5e and SOe.
% A few front rows In orchestra. TB«.
Seats on sale Wednesday.
j * • Branch ticket office— Emsorinm.
A VAtn>EVILLE BILL, WITHOCT A FLAW!
JULIUS P. WTTMABK, DUPONT
ANB LOTHIAN",
ANND KEXWICK. MALLOP.T BROTHS2tS
AND BROOKS!
THE GBEAT WALDON,
STELX.INO and REVELI* CONDITT and MO-
RE Y, MARTIN E BROa. IONE •
MacLOCTH. „
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony. 10c: Opeim
Chairs and Box Seats. 5<te.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
SPECIAL MATINEE
THURSDAY (THANKSGIVINO PAY).
\m\mmmmmmmmmmmW^SE^^9PBmZ-Sj^mW^m^fmW^ri^ /^^UiXLU
IT WAS THE LIMIT !
BOTH THE SHOW ANT> THE CROWD WERB
IMMENSE AND NO WONDER THEY
! FOUGHT TO GET IN.
i By Far the Best Minstrel Company Seen la
Frisco.
TflE J H. HAVERLY'S
MASTODON MINSTRELS
With GEORGE Waltx Me Again WILSON.
TWO WEEKS ONLY!
MATINEES SATURDAY. SUNDAY AND
THANKSOIVINO DAY!
THE USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
ALF ELUNGHOUSE Prop, and Manacer
PHONE SOUTH .'.....710
• - .^j»v. Oh, my! What a rsceptto*
itjBB ijg\ last nlcht: 3343 people tested
• Hfffmt iffi our capacity to th» very
djS<; w walls— mystified beyond con-
Sffc"*- m-, SSQ trol. The Maple Wonder
m^~Y HERRiMANN
\\^W/^h > THE GREAT, accompanied
bv th * ?"?at musical won-
ljSS?lSi / d»rs. THE 5— NOSSE3— «.
J - %Kt{ All Thin Week— Mat. Patur-
JKv. •& W_ day. SPECIAL MATINEE
f-g?£Z*>**SJ*lt THANKSGIVING DAY. The
"¦' .' Bl? Nl»ht— Thursday. Nov.
29. Never Before at Popular Prices. Evuoinr—
lie. Kc. 33c. SOc and 73a Matinee— 15c. 55c. fco
and SOc. Next Sunday Afternoon — THE RAY'S
Howling Success. "A HOT OLD TIME."
Greater. Grander. More Funny Than Ever.
COLUMBIA «Sb
THIS is
ALICE
NBILSBN
NIGHT.
SPECIAL MATTXEE THURSDAT—
. - ; (Thanksgiving Day.)
TO-NIGHT. S^BJP?
Fxtra Slatinee ThanksTiyiag Day!
Aueustln Daly's Laughable Play.-
SEVEN-TWENTY-EIGHT
¦.
: REGULAR MATINEES— SAT. and SUNDAY.
1 Next Week— David Belasco's Cnarmin? Jap-
anese iStorv. : ¦ ¦ .
"MADAME BUTTERFLY?"
THE TALK OF THE TOWN!
L* *\ UI *-a i-A XJ?
MASQIJERADE
BALL!
MECHANICS' PAVILION
THANKSGIVING EVE.
ADMISSION - -.ONE DOLLAR.
ffTCfUP'R'C CONCERT HOUSc*.
Mme. Gabriel Stlrral: Mae Edgerton D»v!»:
Corlnne. in "Historical •Antique"; O11t« Vail
and Arcyle Tully: ¦ Irene Franklyn: Oobama.
th« Jap; Harry H. Walton, and the Movtn*
pictores. RejtrTed Mtta 36c. Xatlara Buadajr.
Prussia do«s not , permit cremation.-, but
does . not ¦ forbid , the • export of corpses . to
Bremen. > Hamburg, } Hessia or ' Thuringia,
where they can- b© burgod. -
PATTOSTEN'S.
TlY^nRJAT
This illustration
,<£££&>? shows one of our
/ 0 V SMOKELESS
y >^fev X 0IL HEATERS.
/ \ pe base ar.d
V <5=t* -¦«esSi?r a i iram e axe black
ViF ¦'¦jBSfr / en^nie!ed, fount,
J^-^^ir/ flangc and Iock
llJplllSl window frame, re-
&jIp"~~rJESiiEP movable top and
312?$! ffT^M bail are nickel
ii^^Ja^J P la{e i w« wiii
Esfe£2iS scnd >t. freight!
.. -.¦^as-r.^.jj prepaid, to any!
2Ms\ l address, city or j
f r ?'&&U country, on three!
trial . to be
returned at our!
cXf^^NsS «pcnse if not sat- I
$f&m0 HeiRht of Heater,
x£&£ls^ t> ail down. 30
x^y^T^r inches: diameter:
jttr : '' •'~'1£y. I 2 inches. Price!
$£jj Write for
catalogue.
PATTOSIEN'§
Big Furniture Exposition Building,
SIXTEENTH AKD H1SS10H STREETS.
_,^Ti n 2^? f - Munyon «ars his RHEUMATISM
CT~ R E will cure rfceumatlern there Isa't any
raesswork about tt-thcre Isn't any false state-
ment s.bout it. It simply euros. It does ;-jst ex-
actly what he says It will do. It cures mor*
Quickly than pmrne «j*ct. It cur** without
leav:r.«- any 111 effect*. It !¦ a splendid stom-
ach and nerve toolc. as »-e!i as a positive cur«
tor rheumatism.
All the Mur.ycn remedies are Just as reliable.
Any djTirtfst ?Sc rlaL The Guide to Health is
fre«. so Is medical aflvice !f you write to Brood-
Vajr aad rtljj st.. New Tcr"
§\;S1, MGOR. VITALITY for MEt <
MORMON BISHOr-S PILLS I
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of ths
Mcrmon Cburrh and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
worst csse* In old and young
arlcinr from effects of self-
abuce. dissipation, excesses or
rlrarette-smrklng. Cures Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power. Nleht Lcsses, In: cm- '
rsa. Pa:ns In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back. ',
Kervoui DeblMty. Headache. Unntness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, /mm Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne *5 f B rvcus Twitching-
cf Eyell4s. Effects jT^,jTf^a re immediate.
Impart vi^or and *» C1J1 '^uotency to every
function. Don't cet despondent: a cure 1* at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Ft'.mulates the brain and nerve centers; 60c a
box ; < for tl o0 fcv mail. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with € boxes. Circular*
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 48 ElUs
»t. San Frencisco. CaL. GRANT DRUO CO.,
tS "asd «0 Tfcird it.
OVER IW PERMANENT CURES IN SAN
"TIANCISCO. porr.e after 4? years of sufferinK;
n:an> of the most prominent business men on
this Coast <s'rr.e you know), who may be lnter-
vieTrd by those who cuffer. THE TREAT-
MENT IS FAULTLEFS. RESULTS ARK
LASTING. NO SURGERY. DILATATION.
LIGATI-RE, CARBOLIC ACID. SALVES,
CAUTERY OR HINDRANCE FROM BCSI-
NEFS. For further particulars address PKV- ;
ICIAN. r x 1C0. Call Office. S. F. Cal. Cut
this cut. Write to-daj--
$vibv OR iORDAN'S grsatA
tsmim cf ahatqhy!
k Q2 i:nj{ASSiTK.i*t.eit?i t s.r.aLi
\ .tig The LsTfrnt a j; t oencij Museum ia the \
A -_stea- Wortd. Vie*k»ei*«» or any cnn-.ractea 4
*5 S5J <;¦«*« p»i«i»«-i» c«.i (^ the «ia«t y
(% /^C*| apeciciatcuthtCocfc Est-jfiyttzt. «
£ fl*S*i e&.«JCtf&AB-fFJiATE DISEASES 4
1 t(^Js~w9 Coaiuhition freo tod strktly prtrste. \
(t * }***% Tnutti.t p-rsomliy or by Ictier. AM
iff nit. Wntt(arBook.PBILOSO( > B?«lA
3 tl j£taa:.ir.E, mailed Fasa. :at
/ tJ J. tai-js^e tu.i for ami \
f BE iOKE.iK i CO.. lXlilarSetSt-.S. P. f
St^4*l 3 one application
ri> fci r-i %M raiis to stop :
£2. 31E2 M $3. the itchins. !
Price 25 cents. All drugstets. or cent post j
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DE '
FORD, 173 X. Spricsr st.. Los Anee.es. Cai. i
C *<h- i '*^£&<M reaedj for Gonorrhea,
V^S^CCSEtr^&a Gleet. S rerms.tr. rhoi,
/&~."^/ in i to i e»Ti v> White*, unnatural dla-
MJ^ymg Qv.\t%w-<& \5 cbarji or *nr iaftccmis-
tcEj ec« vc «u-.:tBrr. tioa, ! ritation cr ck«T*-
B*fc <f »r«ntu ccct^rog. tica i tnnconi mrin-
p^^T'riEvtNS C-<:m'?«i C^. brscet. Noa-a'triariMit.
\^Ac«.:<.«Ti.0.r53 Sol" •>? DrnreliU,
»- s »_ jiF*<L OT * e^t in plain »r»pr»r,
* JT'A by eirr»«s, prepaid, for
V^^*W^^W I.'- 00 * or 3 tcttlei. J2.T5.
*^Gtg££l&'~^-' O „; ralar »fnt ou rnnw*.
>f^^DEV/EY.STRONG acCO.^g?*^
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer.
60! California st.. Clasie bulldlnc.
COAX. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J/» B|! CflV % rft 9M Hatterr Street.
• L nlL3lM i WU-. Tel-phone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
CH' CMFTH S^ip Plumbing-. Steamboat and
• TT- 2.':11I1 Eh'.it V.'ork a specialty, u and
IS Washinston St. Xelephon; Main 664LT
nLLCTRlCAL.
n. o. wass.
PJectrlcal Engineer. t$ East st.
~~ FIUESH AND SALT MEATS.
I4C RftVF^^ri SWpplnr Butchers. It*
JA3- DUlCia W- Qay. Tel. Main int.
GALVANIZING AND METALS.
ii'Uc & Dealer !n MetaJs A Oalvanizlnr- JOHN
FINN METAL WORKS. 315 Howard st.
METAL.
F.sira linotype mn& stereotype metal. Pacific '
Metal VCorkm. 1S7-* First at., gan Francisco.
* OILS.
LtTBRTCATING OILS. LEONARD A ELUS,
4» I'ror.t st.. S. F. Phone Mcln 1719.
PAINTS.
Oylir.'irr & I^ul<rtcat:n»: Oils. Schneider** Mining
Cac«U-a, C. G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. S. F.
PKINTINQ.
E f RT'fiHF? PRINTER.
**• W- ULUDCjt EH Sansome it. S. T. ¦
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
'_ a First ft.. San FranclBCO.
- STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te>rr«>r;le DADTDfllfiP 30* California
_ Codes. rAKlKll/UE street.
WHITE ASH STEU1 COAL, S J'iLS
I 1AVIOND COAL MIXINO CO.. at its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is th« Be«t Coal In Um
aoarkee Office aad Yards— 450 Main street. ,
AJ3VKH.TTSEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
*M& CO.**
222-224 SUTTER ST.
Wednesday Store Opsn Till 10 p. m.
New, goods have arrived daily dur- •
ing the last week and' our stock is
now replete with the latest European
and Eastern Delicacies. We quote a
few seasonable goods, aside from
those offered belo*- on "special sale."
Finnan Baddies, first of the season.
: Bon Horn and Dinner Favors.
American. Kngrli-h and French Plum
Pudding.
Home-made Mince Meat, extra &n«.
Cranberry Sauce.
Cape Cod Cranberries.
Citron, Orange and Lemon PeeL
Apetlt Sild and Deilcatess Ar.choris.
Hungarian Paprika (sweet pepper). !
Cluster Raisins. !
Fancy Navel Oranges.
Fresh sMMnent of German Honey
Cake— a larger assortment than ever.
Acorn cEichel) Coffee.
Sew line ox Russian Coffee Pots, brans
and nickel.
Five o'clock teas, brass and nickel.
Chafine Dishes and many other nov-
elties in our Household Fumlshinr De-
partment.
Italian Chestnuts— first shipment ex-
pected to-day.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY
O.K. Whisky .?& & 3 Dots S2.00
I years old, pure Bourbon. sal. $ .1
Sweet Apple Ciller b.%. 40c gal
Almonds gSBSSJi 20c Ib
New crop, finest crown.
Co'ogne M«d o &£a." -1SE 50c bot
Known all ths world over.
Candy, Tuesday Only Ib 30c
F1ne«t French mixed. Re*., h«r«, J3c;
elsewhere, SOc
Buckwheat %T&. 10-lb sack 60c
Pennsylvania.
Baklnj Powder, "New Era," Ib can 30c
Pare and wholesome. Rr g. 49c.
Walnnts, New. *5KSt a Ib 15c
German Rhine Wines— --
1 case, quarts. S5.5O
(-case lots, $5.0O
But a limited quantity. Geisenheimer
ft Durkhelmer. Imported In cask and
bottled by us.
Scotch Whisky 53& bot $1.15
Slater. Ropers & Co.. Glasgow.
Champagne, "Panl Mason"—
Cae« 1 doc qu.. 916.0O: bot. 91.5O 1
Case 2 doz. pts.. f 18.OO; bot.. OOe j
The Pride of California. Positively j
the best American Champa roe. Com-
pares favorably with any imported.
Egg-Beater, "Lightning" (5c
Entirely new. X few stroke* will beat
the eg*.
Meat-Srinder .g& &S: $1.75
With adjustable blades to grind eoarse,
medium and fine. Can also be used for
all kinds of vegetables.' nuts, etc.
GENTLEMEN,"
We can offer a complete line of all
leading Havana and KeyWest brands
of Cic-ar3. If you want a change try
our imported "La Muriel." Price
list to be had for the asking.
WE SHIP FREE WITHIN 100 MILES.
Our Holiday Catalogue of 56 pages j
contains many valuable hints for.
Kitchen and Household in general.
Ask for it— FREE.
¦ : '¦ I "
Nothing Greasy
when
"Ko-Nut"
A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat is
used for
Shortening* Frying and
*; , General Cooking,
A perfect supe'reeder of But-
ter, Lard and Compounds.
Never Gets Rancid.
Free from Auimal Matter. '
Ask Your Grocer or Write
India Refining Co.,
Philadelphia.
After-Theater Refreshments.
The completeness of the arrangements
made for your entertainment in the Sup-
per Room can be estimated when It !¦
known that the attributes responsible for
the popularity cf the Grill Rooms ara In
evidence here. Delightful music, prompt
service, moderate charges. Open every
evening (Sundays excepted) from 9:10 to
12 o'clock. Ertranco from the court and
main office. J
Palace Hotel Supper Room.
I'LL HAVE A SPANISH GUNNER!
THIS IS THE SECOND WEEK
Of the Great Comic Opera Triumph.
A JOLLY
MUSKETEER!
With Its Wealth of Melody and Mirth.
SPECIAL MATINEEJH\NKS6IViNG DAYi
Evenings at 8. • Matinee Saturday at 2.
POPULAR PRICES. 25c and 50c
r Telephone Bush 9.
Thursday Night Students of University of
California Will Attend— Special Programme.
GHUTESjvND ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
THE BROTHERS MAHTDTE, DEL
ADELFHIA, LA BELL TAZA,
NORA BAYES, GUS LEONARD,
SHIELDS '. BROS., HUNT'S BOG
CIRCUS, NEW MOVING PIC-
TURES.
. This , Week's . Amateur Show
WEDNESDAY NIGHT.
Telephone for Seats. Park 23.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
pUjapiCmSg TANFORAN PARK.
Initial meeting Monday. Nov. 19, to Saturday
Dec. • 1. inclusive. Six or more races each we*k
day.', - Six stake events, one hurdle race and
two steeplechases • nrst two weeks. ¦ First race
of the day at 2:10 p. m. Trains leave ThJrd
and Townsend streets for Tanforan Park at 7
10:43. 11:30 a. in.. 1. 1:30 and I p.' m.. followed
after the last race, at intervals of a few min-
utes, by 'several specials. Rs«r «ars rea nvo'
for ladles and their escorts. Admission t» t'-.«
course. Including railroad fare. J1.I5.
D. LYNCH PRINQL.E. Secretary.
1 RALPH H..TOZER, Racial 8ecret«i7 %
I On '
I sale
to-day
Two special prices for
three days only. The'gar-
. inents illustrated above and '
described below will not be 1
sold at these prices after j
Wednesday next. See them i
in our windows. I
ELECTRIC SEAL CAPES— j .
Beautifully made of fine
whole skins. The yoke Is !
of Persian lamb, prettily i
finished, with two heads
and four tails. Elegantly j
lined with heavy satin.
Special — .
14-inch.... ..S2O.KO I
lS-inch.......25.nO
16-Inch 23.OO
; 20-inch...... 12.S.OO.
COLLARETTES— One of the
most stylish little garments
we've . ever seen at the .
price. Of electric seal,
with an Astrakan yoke.
Special 83.75
HXiebe* .
& Comparer
* IMCORKOFATfD . _
\33'i17*ost/t.wR Llnehan and E. Curley 21 21 15 21
3.' White^and M. J. KUsallon....l6 19 21 18
W Stanbury and G. B. Hayward...... 21 21 21
Wi Fisher and J. Kllllan.. 18 16 13
A McVicker and T. Leach. 21 21 13 14 21
W." Maguire and E. Antron....l8 15 21 21 20
H J. Rogers and J. Mallon....21 17 21 15 21
W. Fisher and G. B. Hayward. .16 21 20 21 14
M Levy and J. Glynn... 21 21 15 16 21
C.' Pat ton and C. Smith... 11 13 a 21 18
G B Hayward and "W. H. 81eberst....21 21 21
W, H. Kedian and M. J. Prendergast.n 14 20
T Serres and E. White 21 17 21 19 21
W. Johnson and A. Whlteman. .10 21 12 21 13
W Williams and J. Lawless ....21 21 21
M. Joyce and D. Connelly ....19 14 13
In addition to the schedule games at
Phil Ryan's handball courts yesterday
there was a single-handed match between
H. J. Rogers and E. J. Murphy for a
Thanksgiving dinner for four. The* score
was a very close one, Rogers making
two 21s and one 20, against- Murphy's 21,
17, 15.
The other games were:
J. J. Kavanaugh and R. Lons
abach 21 21 18 19 21
H. Llssner and W. Walsh 14 18 21 21 15
Handball Games.
William Morken, Ph. Jaeoby, F. E. Mason.
D. W. McLaughlin, John Peters, H. Burfeind,
C. F. Thierbach, A. Pape, A. Strecker. F. Rust.
F. Brandt, D. B. Faktor. O. Lemcke, A. B.
Dorrell. John UUchiff, R. Finking, | August
Juneblut.
Captain Siebe, proprietor of Shell Mound
Park, provided a shoot for turkeys, and
not a few skillful riflemen will have their
tables graced with the national bird on
Thanksgiving day. The marksmen who
won turkeys are:
977: L. Haake. 877: D. B. Faktor, 999; Gus
Schulz, 1055; W. Goetze, 1077; W. Platt, 1097;
Dr. F.-Cranz, 1123.
The rain did not keep all the members
of companies A I, M and H, National
Guard of California, away from the third
series of tne State 6hoot at the Shell
Mound ranges yesterday. The four com
panies were well represented by guards
men desirous of exhibiting and Improving
their skill In marksmanship and In the
face of a steady downpour and an unset
tled light the scores were in the main
nearly up to the average. The results of
the snoot were as follows:
Field and staff, three scores at 50 yards -with
pistol-Colonel T. F. O'Neil, 27, 20. 22; Captain
G. Flllmer, 44, 39. 38; Major T. McCreagh, 39.
33; Captain W. H. Tobin, 42, 44, 42.
The scores with rifle, at 200, 300 and 500
yards follow:
third rerlee of annual State shoot, 50 yards,
pistol — Lieutenant C. C. Dennis, 40; Lieutenant
J. G. Morrissey, 45; Lieutenant T. W. Leland,
40; Boatswain R. Schnalle, 27; Gunner H. Har
ris, 47; Carpenter J. Stanpe, 27; Chief Master
at Arms. 35; Pharmacist D. N. McMillan. 21;
Chief Quartermaster W. Lindecker. 82; Chief
Payyeoman Corcoran, 15; Hospital Steward Mc-
Mahon, 41; Musician R. Southgate, 36; Musi
cian W. C. Hayes, 32.
Several shooting organizations also held
their repular monthly shoots, and not
withstanding the unfavorable conditions
some excellent pcorea "were recorded: A
phenomenal score was made in the prize
shoot of the Norddeutscher Verein by
Charles F. Thlerbach. who scored 79
points out of a possible 80 In a four-shot
try at the man tarpet, at 200 yards. It
was stated by all the marksmen present
that the score Is the highest made In
many years, and Is all the more creditable
on account of unfavorable weather condi
tions.
The scores of the day made by the dff
ferent organizations follow: *
German Schuetzen Club, monthly bullseye
shoot— Louis Haake, 345; J. F. Bridges, 475;
Richard Finking:, 5S7; E. Brandt, 625; H. Hu
ber, 643; H. Schwelger, 748: F. Schuster, 798*
C. Thlerbach, S44; J. Utschlg. 846; S. Heino,
930; J. Thode, 930; J. de Wit, 985; William
Goetze, 1C36.
Red Men's Schuetzen Company, in monthly
medal ehoot— Champion claps, William Dress
ier, 416; first class, P. H. Rulftes, 325; second
class. Captain Henry Grleb, 859: third class,
John Stelner, 383; fourth class, L. Bernstein,
299; first best chot, John Stelner, 23; last best
shot. Captain Henry Grleb, 24.
Bullseye shoct. Red Men's Schuetzen Com
pany — First prize. H. Bach; second, P. H.
Rulffs; third, D. Tamke; fourth, J. Stelner:
fifth, J. A. Mohr.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club: Bushnell
medal-D. W. McLaughlin. 219, 222. Gold medal
— J. F. Bridges, 204, 205; F. E. Mason. 221. 220,
233; F. P. Schuster. 220. Silver medal— A. B.
Darrell, 207. 213. All-comers' .pistol — J. E. Gor
man. 96. 96; F. S. Washburn, 90. 88. •
San FranciBco Schuetzen Vereln. monthly
bullseye shoot— O. Lemcke, 300; A. Pope, 402;
F. Koch. 610; J. Utschig, 517; C. Thlerbach, 670;
"W. Morken. 660; F. Rust. 814; A. Jungblut, 821;
R. Stettin. 827; J. de Wit. SSO; E. Stehn, 958:
O. H. Bahrs, 971; A. Bertelsen, 974: W. Garms,
NATIONAL GUARDSMEN PUNCTURE THE
TARGETS AT THE SHELL MOUND RANGE
Costume— O. Hanson, chairman; I. Asch. T.
W. Fisher, A. Sorensen. M. Foley, R. Rusch.
M. King, Peter Larsen, A. L. Anderson.
Employment— O. Hocks, chairman; "W. Clack.
Joe Henne, Max E. Wagner. William Speckter
R. M. Donnelly, A. Gerstmann, J. S. Brown.
John Melerdlerks.
Decoration — W. J. Blumbergr, chairman; R.
Rusch. T. C- Conroy, J. J. Carroll. W. J.
Ileffernan. F. Everett. E. A. Roberts, Cass
Altshuler, Ed Jewell.
Prize— T. J. Clancy, chairman; D. J. Crea
mer. Charl<?s Long. John Byrne, w. F. Long.
Charles McClain, Ed F. Burns.
Refreshment — H. Tonnemacher. chairman; R
M. Donnelly, W. H. Flaherty, J. C. Johnson]
J. L. Patnaude, H. Rover, T. F. Lindsay,
Frank Dunn. J. J. Sheridan, B. P. Bernard
H. Schlessln^er.
Music— I. Asch, chairman; H. Kuhl§, Ed
Peter3, Luke Mayrich, M. R. Bernheim. T.
Lindsay. William A. Dasha, J. F. Lawler.
John Stafford.
Programme — H. Kuhls, chairman; L. Fon
tanel. E. C. Burton. J. M. Moffett. "William Z.
Tiffany, G. E. Ackerson, J. W. Boyce, Martin
Kassett, Jean Ladarre.
Executive — W. F. Long, chairman; Gus Pohl
mann, eecretary; T. Lindsay, T. J. Clancy,
W. Clack, O. Hocks, R. M. Donnelly, D. J.
Creamer. E. L. Wagner.
Printing— J. J. Kennedy, chairman; O. Han
sen, F. C. Drew. John Bowen, Alex Olson. F.
C. Bates, Frank Smith, M. J. Murphy, Walter
Larsen.
General— E. L. "Wagner, chairman; Gus Pohl
mann, secretary; 'William Clack, treasurer;
Oscar Hocks, L. Fontenal, W. F. Long, F. P.
Katz, J. J. Kennedy, Fred Everett. H. Kuhls,
Etl L. Head. I. A&ch. B. F. Hanlon, S. Dog
gett, F. C. Bates, J. L. Herget, W. Blumberg,
F. Dunn, H. Tonnemacher. R. M. Donnelly.
Rob Rusch. Otto Hansen. T. Clancy. A. C.
Berthier, F. Shannon, T. H. Lindsay. George
E. Ackerson.
The Eagles' ball has become quite an
event in fraternal circles, last year the
&ffair was a great success. The commit
tee in charge of arrangements for the
ball that takes place next Wednesday
night is preparing a fine programme, and
claims that this will be the best ball of
this kind ever given In this city. The
committees are:
The Fraternal Order of Eagles will give
a prize carnival ball on Thanksgiving eve
at the Mechanics' Pavilion. The proceeds
will be devoted to entertaining the Grand
Aerie in this city in May next year.
Hard, for a Successful Ball.
Committees in Charge Are Working
EAGLES TO ENTERTAIN.
TO SAIL.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov 24— Stmr
Alcazar, from Greenwood; stmr Whitesboro,
from Point Arena; stmr Coquille River, from
San Pedro.
Stmrs Whitesboro and Coqullle River, for
San Francisco. : • ' -.*¦
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed Nov 24-<3iir ship
Temuco, for Valparaiso; Ger ship Parchim, for
Port Ludlow; bark Coloma, for San Francisco.
"Arrived Nov 24— Schr Mary E Foster, from
Honolulu,- and not as reported yesterday.
PORT < TOWNSEN'D— Arrived Nov 25— Bktn
John Smith, from Nagasaki. -'
TACOM A— Sailed Nov 25— Bktn Portland, for
Ean Francisco. ¦¦;¦,: ¦ ¦ ¦ >
SAN PEDRO-Salled Nov 24— Schr Lucy, for
Umpqua River; stmr Santa Barbara. \ for San
Francisco: stmr Ludlow; for Port Townsend. V
- Arrived Nov 25 — Stmr National : City, '¦ from
Fort Brags; hark Tidal Wave, from Tacoma;
8chr Nokomls, from - Seattle; schr Challenger,
from Port Blakeley..-
COOS BAT— Sailed Nov 25— Stmrs Arcata and
Empire, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Nov 25— Stmr O W. Elder,
for San Francisco. - r j
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov 25— Stmr
Grace Dollar, hence Nov -. 22; stmr Coronado,
hence, Nov 21. ' - 1 " ' ,•">•:
FOREIGN -PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived ' Nov. 23— Br, stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver. * ;
' OCEAN • STEAMERS. : '
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 25— Stmr Amster
dam, for Boulogne and Rotterdam.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Nov 25. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind NE, velocity 10 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
f?y^2 HE Oceanic Company's new
11/ steamship Sierra drew a crowd to
1 1 the Pacific-street wharf, while the
»X transport Slam, newly arrived
from Manila, drew & great throng
to the transport dock yesterday. Out
side of these vessels there was little of
interest on the front. The rain kept the
usual crowd at home and things along the
front were very dull.
The Siam brings no news from Manila
and no passengers. She was 42 days mak
ing the run. and coming by the way of
the Great Circle took 27 days to get here
from Nagasaki. Consequently she brings
no late news, and her officers explain the
long trip by saying that the engines need
an overhauling.
The Sierra Is being prepared for her trip
on December 12, and yesterday a gang of
men was at work painting and scrubbing
end removing the Elgna of her long voy
age around the Horn. In a few days she
will bfigin to look like the ocean beauty
ehe Is. and then the general public will
have a chance to see her In all her war
paint.
The Sierra Is a handsome vessel and
from truck to keelson even an expert can
not see anything to find fault with.
¦ •
Hepairs to the Sprlngbonk.
The British chip Sprtugbank i» to re-
Malcom has a brother on the police
force and was married only a month ago.
¦William Malcom, a stevedore employed
by the Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
narrowly escaped deathT yesterday, g The
steamship City of Puebla was discharg
ing her cargo at Broadway wharf and
Malcom was attending: to the hoist. /While
seeing that all things were clear a sling
in which was an iron safe struck him on
the head and threw him against a stanch-
Ion. At the Harbor Hospital* It was found
that he was In a precarious condition and
probably suffering from a fracture of the
•knlL
in a Sling.
William Mai com Is Struck by a Safe
ceive a thorough overhauling. Bids are
asked for the work and the chances are
that Inside of a few weeks Bhe will be
ready for. service again. The Sprlngbank
it will be remembered went on a coral
reef and when she was got on! there was
24 feet of water In the fore peak, i She
came on to San Francisco much against
the wishes of the crew, but the captain
rot her here, and now all hands are prais
ing: him. It will coet considerable to put
the Bprln^bank in a seaworthy condition
again.
PERHAPS FATAL ACCIDENT.
Sunday, November 25.
Strar Kulton, Levlnson, Eureka. •'•*-'.•
Etmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr, Mlneola. David, Xanalmo.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Iaqua, Bash, San Pedro.
8tmr Samoa,' Jacobs, Eureka, f,
Fr ship -Vine 'de Mulhouse, Girard. - Queens
town.' - .- : •• . ,'• :¦¦¦¦¦¦-¦ ¦¦ :.-;.', ¦ '
Rchr Webfoot, Mercer, "Wlllapa Harbor. ¦
Schr Albion, Goodmansen, Coqullle j River.
SAILED,
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, November 25.
8tmr Navarro. Peterson, 11 hours from
Bowens Landing. . '. ,¦--.:>»
Etmr Newark. Beck, 14 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkel, 16 hours , from Fort
Brags'. t
Stmr Iaqua, Bash, 23 hours from Eureka:
bound to San Pedro; put In to land passengers.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, 43 hours from San
IMego.
Stmr Bonlta, Nox>ander^ 74 hours from New
port, etc.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwick, 7 days from Port
land, and way port6. • •...-."- :
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. SO hours from Moss
L&udlns, etc.
Aus stmr Slam. Xlgga, 43 days from Manila,
via Nagasaki 27 days.'
His wife 1b in attendance on him at the
hospital.
THE SIERRA AND SIAM ARE THE CENTERS OF ATTRACTION ON THE WATER FRONT
TO ARRIVE.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Nov 26— Stmr Etru
ria, from Liverpool, for New Tom.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 25— Stmr Ivernla,
from Boston. - - g V ¦ ' -
Steamer Movements.
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given in th» left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In th* order of occurrence as to Urn* of
day' th* third time column the. third tld« and
th» last or right hand column gives th* last
tide of the day. except when there are but
three tldea.as sometimes occurs. The height j
given ar* In addition to th* soundings on the
United States Coast Survey eharts. except
when a minus sign « — ) precedes the height, and
then th* number riven Is subtracted from th«
depth given by the charts. Th* plane of refer
ence is the mean cf the lower low waters.
Some churcbgtjers would take chances
and go the other way If salvation wasn't
free.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodatio Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
.'. Waters at Fbrt Point, entrance to • San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
. • thorlty of th« Superintendent.
NOTE — Th* high and low waters occur at th«
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later . than at > Fort • Point; th*
height of tide Is th« same at both place*.
STOCKTON, Nov. 25.— Wet grounds pre
vented a ball game here to-day. San
Francisco and Stockton were to have
closed the eesuson with a double header,
but Manager Harper wired San Francisco
not to come to-day on account of rain.
The bayplayers had started for Stockton,
however, before the telegram arrived.
Game Postponed.
Naval Militia Headquarters, Staff and Band,
McGovern agrees to let Jordan weigh In
at 122 pounds at 3 o'clock on the day of
the fight.
CHICAGO, Nov. 25.— Terry McGovern
to-day signed articles to meet Ben Jor
dan of England in a six-round conte«t at
TattersaH's some time In January or Feb
ruary- The fight Is to be for the Inter
national featherweight championship and
a purse of $5000.
As Jordan offered to meet McQovom for
a purse of $3500 In London, it Is believed
that the Englishman will have no hesi
tancy In making tho match for th* Chi
cago offer.
th» British I«ad.
McGOVERN AFTER JORDAN.
Champion Signs for a Fight With
Third race, three mile*, motor race, three
t*ams competlnr— Alfirlch and Turvllle first.
Dyer sind Newklrlc second. Eton* and Judge
third. Time. 4:25. First mile made In 1:S3?*.
race — Gus Lawson. first; Johnnie Xelecn, bolder
of former record, second. Time, 2S:12 (world's
record).
Second race, fifteen-mile motor-paced match
Flrrt race, amateur handicap, one mile — E.
E. Btnith, Salt Lake <twenty yards), first;
Fred Dee. Los Ar.eelfs (thirty yards), second;
F. Florentine (twenty-five yards), third. Time,
2:f.6 1-S.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 25.— The feature of
the Indoor bicycle meet at the Velodrome
track this afternoon was the flfteen-mlle
match race between Gus Lawson and John
Nelson, middle-distance champion. Law
»-on won by two laps (quarter-mile) and
Incidentally lowered the world's record by
27 seconds. Summary:
In a Fifteen-Mile Motor-Paced Match
Race He Chops OS
Seconds.
GITS ULWSON LOWEBS
A WORLD'S RECORD
The pigeons belonging to the members
of the California Pigeon and Homing So
ciety were raced yesterday from San Jose.
Tne club gave prizes of turkeys, sacKs of
feed, chickens and a bantam as a booby
prize. Sixty-seven birds competed, which
were composed of 15 from the loft of H. C.
Worth; W. Hartery, 13; J. S. Barnes. 12;
J. Jervis, 8: H. J. Wolters. 7; Williama
Bros.. 6. and H. Miller of Belvedere, fc.
The birds were forwarded ¦ to Wells,
Fargo & Co.'a agent, who liberated them
at 11:25 a. m. The weather was very
cloudy.
When th© blrd.3 arrived here the weather
was anything but an ideal day for pigeon
flying, aa they had to contend with a
dense fog and rain, but most all of them
reached their loft
H. J. Woltera' bird, being a new mem
ber, made a very successful fly, winning
third place of honor. Following Is the re
turns of the race:
Flret, J. S. Banea' IX 815, which arrived at
12:46:30, at a epeed of 804.40 yards per minute.
Becond, Williams Bros.' IX 664, arrived
12:49:43. speed £71.74 yards per minute.
Third. H. J. Woltero' IX 288, arrived 12:48:15,
speed fC6 yards.
Fourth, J. Jervis. IX Til, arrived 12:48:15,
epeed S4&.C6 yards.
Fifth. William Hartery-B \7 1182, arrived
12:M:45. Fpeed 844.09 yards.
Sixth. H. C. Worth. IX 403. arrived U:6S:15.
epeed US. 03 yards.
Seventh. H. Miller, not reported.
Successful Fly From San
California Homing Society Holds a
PIGEONS ARE RACED
FOB, TUEKEY PRIZES
Commodore W. N. McCarthy presided at
aii animal ed meeting m the Ban Francis
co Yacht Club house at Sausalito yester
day morning. Among those present were
Adolph Sylva, president of the Town
Council of Sausalito, ibe secretary of the ;
Council, ex-Commodore C. H. Harrison,
ex-Commodore Dr. T. L. Hill of the sloop ;
Cygnus, R. S. Bridceman of the sloop
Thetis J. R. Savory of the sloop Juanlta,
li. D. Campbell of the cutter Folly. E. C
Eartlett. secretary of the San Francisco
Yacht Club, and William Toll.
The meeting having been called to order
Commodore McCarthy stated that Its ob-
Ject was the conside-ra-tion of a. request,
that the yacht owners during the winter
would remove the buoys or floats mark
ing their mooring? fo that revenue cut
ters and other Government vessels may
b*- able to anchor close Inshore. This can
not be done now, as the lines attached to
the floats are liable to become entangled
in the propellers of the steamers and lo
tause considerable trouble and damage.
It was pointed out that there is a United
States statute forbidding vessels being
moored in navigable waters. %
Commodore Harrison said that he de-
Eirtd to explain his position, as he ha*»
lieen accused of trying to hurt the yacht
club and to serve his own Interests. Be
ini? prrscnt at a meeting of the Town
Council, at which It was stated that tho
moorings of the yachts prevented Gov
ernment vessels from anchoring off Sau-
Falito and hearing an order given to the
Marshal to arrest any yacht owners who
refused to remove their floa.ts, he asked
the president of the Council to suspend
action until the yachtsmen could be con
sulted. Adolph Sylva *aid that the yachta
rnrn. whil*> fully entitled to an anchorage,
have no right to take up space wanted for
other vessels while their own craft a-ro
out of commission. After a full and ani
mated discussion it was unanimously
agreed that if a Government vessel desires
to anchor in a spot partly taken up by a
vacht'g buoy or barrel the owner be noti
fied to remove It without delay. If this
be not done within a reasonable time the
Town Council will remove It by force.
Yesterday's meeting indicates that the
difficulty will be amicably adjusted.
Difficulties Over Moorings Will Be
Amicably Adjusted in Near
Future.
SATTSALITO YACHTSMEN
MEET TOWNSPEOPLE
Entertainment to Be Given in B'nai
B'rith Hall by the Pioneer
Club.
The Pioneer Rowing Club, In conjunc
tion with the Coopers' Union, will give an
entertainiment In B'nai B'rith Hall on
Wednesday evening for the benefit of
Jack Dunpby, an old member of th»
Pioneer and Ariel Rowing clubs and a sin
gle sculler among the oarsmen of the Pa
cific Coast Becond only to Peterson. Jack
Dunphy was seriously injured in a land
slide at Nome City and, owing to a lack
of skillful medical treatment, has suf
fered the loss of one of his arms. Three
operations have been performed upon the
injured limb at St. Luke's Hospital, at the
last of which the arm was taken off close
to the shoulder. It was also necessary to
remove two pieces of bone from his Instep.
The cost of medical attendance and nura
ing having consumed Dunphy's funds, his
old clubmates have come to the rescue.
A clever amateur company, the Columbia
minstrels, has volunteered their service-j
and will be present in full force. Kel^y,
Marlowe and others will assist. The en
tertainment will begin punctually at S
p. m. and will be followed by aancing at
10 o'clock. J. Cook is chairman of the
committee of arrangements and Fred
Michels will be the floor manager.
OABSMEN WILL HELP
A FORMER COMRADE
MAHER & REID'S brlndle and
white greyhound Bad Boy won
first prize the big open stake at
Union Park yesterday, taking
an easy victory from George
Van Bergen's imported young fawn dog,
Red Angus.
Bad Boy made the going anything but
hard for himself and proved by the clever
and snappy manner in which he disposed
of his opponents that he was the best dog
in the stake. Red Angus was made a
favorite in the final, though the talent
erred in figuring that way, considering
the Individual work of thesa hounds In
the previous rounds of the stake. Sym
pathy too, was probably responsible for
the odds on, which should have boon
against the young courser. Anguu was
brought out here some months before the
big John Grace cup event, but was never
tried in a stake until then, his owner
keeping him out of minor runs for fear of
injury- '
For the first time out he performed well
and has shown an improvement In all
subsequent goes. When the doga were
slipped for the final yesterday it was seen
that heavy work had had Its effect on
Angu* and that Bad Boy was virtually
alone in the chase. The course wa.s a
long drawn out affair, a hard Jack setting
a pace too strong for the tired dogs. Re
lief dogs were turned loose, but the hare
evaded them Jong enough to pivo them
some work. Bad Boy stood the test in
good shape, but poor game Angus caved
in and had to be carried from the field,
it Is doubtful If he will recover. R. E.
de B. Lopez's Crawford Rex died last
night from the effects of a severe course
with Wedding Bells in the first round on
Saturday.
The big stake, with Us 128 entries, was
Onen stake, second round — J. P. Thrift's St.
Michael beat R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot. 16-7;
P. J. Reilly's Honesty beat H. A. Deckelman's
Lawrence, 12-11; E. Geary's America beat Cur
tis & Sons' Psyche, 7-5; A. Johnson's Mountain
Beauty beat H. H. Gray's Rona: H. A. Deck
elman's Rocker beat Krskine & Jones' Laven
der, B-S; F. A. MeComb's Crawford Lass bea*
J. Carroll's Master Claire. 16-10; F. A. JIc-
Comb's Little Sister a bye; J. H. sPerigo's
Lady Davenport beat George Sharman's Bow
ery Boy. 4-0; J. P. Thrift's Brutus beat J.
Dean's Gallant. 13-9; F. Jones' Lovina beat
Stert ¦£: Knowles' For Glory. 6-4 : Curtis &
Sons' Xarclssus beat C. O. Peterson's Silver
Cloud, 4-2; Curtis & Sons' Cash beat Russell
& Allen's Talk to Me, 5-3; Pasha Kennels' Ran
dom Aim beat B. Silvia's Reannex, 12-4; J.
Keenan's Sleigh Bells beat Pasha Kennels'
Firm Friend. 3-0: J. P. Thrift's Forget beat
Russell & Allen's Weddinjr Bells. 12-7; RusRell
Eighteen short ends landed at average
good odds. Rusty Gold beat Little Sister
In a bye at 4 to 1, Betsy Barrow beat St.
Helen at 5 to 1, Random Aim beat Re
annex, St. Michael beat Honesty and Lit
tle Sister beat Rocker at 4 to 1. Mountain
Beauty beat Rona, Cash beat Talk to Me,
Tom flurlick beat Ben Lomond and Cast
away beat Miss Penman at 2 to 1: Echo
beat Vandal at 5 to 2, Silver Wlng3 beat
Victor <^ueen. May Hempstead bear. War
Eagle. Master Workman beat Kibosh,
Mountain Beauty beat America, Rude
Awakening beat O K Capitol. Brutus bea*.
Cash and Bad Boy beat Auckland and
Red Angus at 5 to 3.
Following are the day's results with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
productive of good tests. The new con
signment of hares were responsible for
many long courses and as a result a
number of the dogs had to be withdrawn.
Brutus upheld his hard luck reputation,
reaching the sixth round, where he was
beaten by the runner-up by a score of ID
to 9.
SOME OF THE INCIDENTS OF THE BIG ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY-EIGHT DOG OPEN STAKE, THE FI
NALS OF WHICH WERE RUN AT UNION COURSING PARK YESTERDAY, AS SEEN BY A CARTOONIST OF
THE CALL.
J
WITH the big Thanksgiving j
frame three days removed j
both college teams seem con- |
fident of victory. All heavy
work has been relegated to j
the sheif and secret signal practice is the j
order of the day.
BERKELEY, Nov. 25.— With the'
Thanksgiving day varsity finally picked !
and new playing togeuier in first-class \
form the football prospects for Berkeley i
have taken a much brighter hue In the
Jast few days.
The eleven as now decided upon has j
Womble and Hudson ends. Albertson and ]
Pringle tackles. Clay and Overall guards, j
Cornish center. More rjuanerback. Gam- j
nion and Smith halves. Duden fullback. '
The choice of Overall is considered in J
every way satisfactory. The big fresh- |
man has all along been considered first- j
class varsity material, but the trouble has
bem just where to use him. He has been
vacillating between guard and fullback
ail season, playing with about equal suc
cess in each place. The loss of Stow, the
crack guard, came simultaneously with
the decision of the coaches that Overall
was hardly quick enough to play with
Gammon and Smith behind the line. So
he has been put back to the vacant place I
between Cornish and Pringle. Within the |
last week he has absorbed an astonishing
emourt of coaching and has shown such
a marked all around superiority over
O'Toole that the place has been easily
conceded to him.
Overall has a number of excellent <juali
ticB besides his gTeat weight and strength.
Ae a kicker he easily outpunts More, his
long- drives averaging forty yards and oft
en going over sixty yards. Though slow j
at starring, he is possessed of phenpmenal i
speed when well under way. This gives
him great va!ue as a ground gainer when
given the bali to run from guard between |
end and tackle. It is expected that he. |
¦w ith Clay and Fririgle. will star in this |
department in the big game. :
Looking up and down the Berkeley line, j
the coaches find it difficult to single out
any really weak place.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 25.—
The eleven men who are to do battle on j
the gridiron for the honor of the cardinal |
next Thursday spent the day resting
quietly. It is the first time since the days .
if Walter Camp that the football men
epent the last Sunday before the game on
their own campus. That they thoroughly
enjoyed the change was shown by the cor-
dial greetings with which they received
their fellow- students who dropped in upon
them to extend words of encouragement.
The men are in fine fett'.e. Their spirits
are high and they feel that, they are ca
pable of bringing home victory in the big
contest that is now the all-absorbing topic
in both colleges. With the exception of a
few bruises and sprains, no fault can be
found with the condition of the men. The
only wonder is that the injuries have been
so few considering the smashing prac
tices of the last two weeks. Captain Bur
nett has the worst injury. The knee
which was badly wrenched In the Nevada
game has prevented him from even run
ning through signals -with his men. He
will take his place at tackle Thursday,
but without the advantages which the
last few days' practice would have given
him. Center Rush Lee and Slaker are
both ready for active work. Left Guard
Deforests arm has recovered from the
case of blood poisoning which disabled it.
Coach Yost has plenty of work mapped
out for to-morrow. In the morning he
will take the varsity squad into the hills
for secret work. Late in the afternoon
the two elevens will be lined up for a
heavy fifteen-minute scrimmage, the last
practice of the season. Quarterback
Raitt. who was expected back last Fri
day, reached the campus to-night. His
presence back of the line will mean many
yards for his team on Thanksgiving day.
ELECT A CAPTAIN.
Harvard Men I>ecide Upon D. C.
Campbell After Yale Game.
BOSTON. Xov. 25.— When the Harvard
team returned to the Yale gymnasium aft
er the game yesterday it elected Captain
Daly's successor, who will lead the crim
son team next year. The choice fell upon
Davis C. Campbell. "02. who played left
end in the erame yesterday. .
Captain Campbell prepared for the Law
rence Scientific School at Worcester Acad
emy, where he played tackle and was
captain of his team. In his freshman year
at Harvard he played right end and cap
tained his team. Last year he played left
end on the varsity and was especially
noted for the prit that he showed in div
ine into an interference and upsetting It.
He is 6 feet 1 inch tall, weighs 170 and is
27 years old.
Harvard men feel that he will make a
good leader for the crimson eleven since
he has already captained two teams and
has had a great deal of varsity expe
rience.
Teams Are Picked and Secret
Signal Practice Begun.
ELEVENS STAND
READY FOR PLAY
BAD BOY BY CLEVER WORK
WINS THE BIG OPEN STAKE
& Allen's First Foot beat P. Bteinhoff's Veto,
6-6; J. Carroll's Auckland beat Captain Clark
son s Golden Garter, 4-0; Curtis & Sons' Echo
beat T. J. Cronin's Vandal. 14-11; Maher &
Reid's Bad Boy beat O. Zahl's Tony Bowers.
26-3; Erwin & Lyons' Silver Wings beat Captain
Cane's Victor Queen, 10-3; L. F. Bartels* Betsy
Barrow beat Connell Bros." St. Helen, 9-4; J.
Hurley'e O. K. Capitol beat E. M. Kellopg'a
Kid McCoy. 3-2: Captain Cane's Greenhall beat
A. Johnson's Bald Eagle, 14-10; Pasha Kennels'
Rude Awakening beat J. E. Hosklng's King
Cashier. 14-6; George Van Bergen's Red Angus
beat P. Reilly's Lady Granard. 7-5; Pasha
Kennels' Royal Anne beat Chlarlni Bros.'
Bunko Bill. 7-2; F. Jones' Tom Hurlick beat
George Parkinson's Ben Lomond. 22-12; Rus
sell & Allen's Castaway beat Captain Cane's
Miss Penman, 4-2: George Sharman's Chicago
Boy beat Pasha Kennels' Rival's Answer, 10-8;
Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead beat Curtis &
Sons' War Eagle, 11-2; J. Smith's Mast»r
Workman beat Curtis & Sons' Kibosh, 4-1; T.
W. Bartels' Mac's Melody beat H. Lynch's
Game Cock, 4-1.
Third round— St. Michael beat Honesty, 12-5;
Mountain Beauty beat America. Rocker a bye:
Little Sister beat Lady Davenport. 3-2; Brutus
beat" Lovina, 3-2; Narcissus beat Random Aim.
3-0; Cash beat Sleigh Bells. 4-1: First Foot beat
Forget. 6-5; Auckland beat Echo, 4-3; Bad Boy
beat Silver Wings, , 14-5: O. K. Capitol beat
Betsy Barrow, 8-1; Rude Awakening a bye;
Rod Angus beat Royal Anne, 6-2; Castaway a
bye; i Chicago Boy beat May Hempstead, 5-2;
Mac'sVMelody beat Master Workman, 12-4.
Fourth round— St. Michael beat Mountain
Beauty, 10-3; I^lttle Bister beat Rocker, 14-10;
Brutus beat Narcissus, 17-14; Cash beat First
Foot. 3-1; Bad Boy beat Auckland, 8-2; Rude
Awakening beat O. K. Capitol, 4-3: Red Angus
beat Castaway, 13-3; Chicago Boy beat Mac's
Melcdy, 6-3.
Fifth round — St. Michael a bye; Brutus beat
Cash, 9-4; Bay Boy beat Rude Awakening, 6-0;
Red Angus beat Chicago Boy, 4-3.
Sixth round— Bay Boy beat St. Michael. 10-0;
Red Aneus beat Brutus, 10-9.
Deciding; course — Bad Boy beat Red Angus,
24-10.
The firm of Burns & Waterhouse, It is
understood, gave J2o00 tor Seide. The colt
cud not appear to oe a star and many felt
"orrv for £>ara Hildreth when that horse
man in turn dlshea out 52500 for tre son
of Ainu Golden Age. ihe crack, removed
his hat to the new purchase in the two
year-old sprint. Still, it might have been
different had Bullnun piloted Golden Age.
Dominick is a very small boy
"Daggie" Smith ic again tho owner of
Hcrton. During the last week of racing
at Oakland he sold the little horse to Sam
Hildreth for $1400. Sam w«n a good bet
SnhiB purchase and last Friday turned
him over to -*I>aggle" again for $1000.
Phil Archibald, the bookmaker, who for
some months past has been on the sick
list Is back on the track again, looking
hale and hearty, and he is as good a Judge
of horses and prices as ever. * rlday nignt
Phil laid one bet of J800 to $500 against
Golden Age and at the track bet Sam
Hildreth $§30 against $100 his colt wouldn't
win
Bookmaker Barney Schreiber. looking
hale and hearty as ever, arrived from St.
Louis Saturday evening. Barney is very
popular with California race-goers and
has been kept busy shaking hands with
old friends ever since he struck town. He
has some grand looking yearlings at his
Woodlands farm near St. Louis by Im
ported Sain, and thinks the black horse
destined to be one of the prominent sires
of the country.
Walter Jennings was very wrathy Sat
urday over the way Ransch, on Benota,
carried Canmore out before reaching the
stretch. It might not have been Inten
tional, but Mr. Jennings reported the thing
to the judges.
Starter Dwyer s work during the week
was excellent. It was no fault of his that
Diderot and Canmore were away poorly
in Saturday's two-year-old run. Both
lined up wi"th the others, but as the bar
rier was released they Jumped backward.
Wedderstrand is rapidly getting Into
form. His finish and ride on Bell Punch
has not been surpassed by any other rider
since the season began. He lost no
AFTER two weeks of racing at
Oakland and one at Tanfoian
Park the battle for supremacy
among the jockeys is close and
exciting. Of course Bullman is
sadly handicapped through his enforced
vacation of thirty days, caused by rock
ing Coburn to sleep with a right-hand
swing. But' for the ruling of the officials
at Oakland this rider would be far in the
lead. As it is. Mounce. the clever little
Montana youngster, and "Monk" Coburn
are running head and head, each hating
piloted sixteen winners. They are closely
pressed by Bookmaker Fred Cook s light
weight. Dominick. who has thirteen win
ning mounts to his credit, and Johnny
Woods is not far behind. Eddie Jones has
been seen in the saddle but few times, but
this week will Probably get down to work
The standing of the leading jockejs is
herewith given:
MOUNCE KEEPING
COBURN VERY BUSY
Head and Head Race Between
the Pair for Supremacy.
B~y -F 1 . "E. MULHOLLAND.'
ground and did some great "bootln*** the
last few yards.
Buckley, the youth who had the mount
on Morinel. should be kept on the °Toumi
until he has learned something about rid
ing. The mare with her mouth wide open
was full of run. but Bucklev was too
buoily engaged tryir.gr to sMck on her back
to have any other thoughts
f™™ e A th « te l n s™? dl V bred yearlings
£«FV ?i Spreckels Napa stock farm
will be sold at the Occidental Horse Ex
change to-morrow evening Superintend
ent George Berry thinks there are sev
eral crack-a-jacks among the bunch and
he -5» considered a fair judgp They can
be inspected to-morrow 7
fvii£ * e f f£, m Chlca^ Saturday night.
\\hile he did not put any books out of
h^LT"-. Ed met u with W Pood success
backing em on the Windy f;ttv tracks.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race— Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and upward; selling. ««*c
1^" gauntlet W|<1373) irocorito 102
1320 High Hoe 100 1374 Doublet 101
Great Bend 1031 .... M'C Na-rara. 9*
«I1 £',"¦ KIn K»ton... 97 1338 Jingle Jlni?-"'l04
an^warTVefltnT ~™°™> '^"r-old.
Jim McCleevy.,107
— Salvation .......112
135S Moringa 104
1326 Rainier 103
1341 Lost Girl IOj
1353 Tirade m
1350 Dr. Bernays l<v»
1368 Montallada 104
1351 Don Luis \Q%
1366 Wyoming 1C*
1368 Cyril ios>
1366 Imperious 104
Third race— Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
133} Cougar 103 991 Ravelling 103
1367 Bedeck Ill (1379)Bab .... . . io*
U322)Rolling Boer.. .125 .... Kenilworth ....123
Fourth race— One mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and upward; purse.
J 2 S i 5f°° ster Bojr...lOT| 1362 Gonfalon 113
J™ P 16 l *' iy m 1331 Eddie Jones.. ..KO
1376 Herculean. 107; Gold Or.. . . Ill)
Fifth race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward; selling.
1192 Espirando 109] 1333 Maxello 109
HH Meadow Lark. .104 23S Vishun 112
133« Melkarth 109 1341 Whaleback ....1P0
137$ Eight Dollars.. 107 1167 Racery 103
1250 Romany 10*! 1372 Lbs Medanos...l<*7
137S Charles Le Bel.iw; 1247 Lou Bey 107
Sixth race — Five and a half furlonys; two
}ear-olds; gelling:.
(1361)David S 103 1325 Modder 108
13«S Xellle Forest. ..10lj 11% Scotch Belle.. ..im
1346 Loneliness 101 1365 Irate 101
Downhearted ..10l| 1371 Galanthua 101
<1365)Dangerneld ....108 1361 Quibo Wi
1331 Scallywag 10&! 1373 Mertda .101
Probable Winners.
First race — Great Bend. Mocorito. High Hoe.
Second race— Imperious, 'Wyoming. Salvation.
Third race— Kenilwortn, Rolling Boer, Be
deck.
Fourth race— Hllfireth entry. Eddi» Jones.
Fifth race— Whalefcack, Esptrando. Lou Rey.
Sixth race— Dangerfleld, David S. Nellie For
est.
AMBKICAN" JOCKEYS
ARRIVE FROM FRANCE
Cash Sloan and J. N. Freeman Re-
count Their Successes Across
the Pond.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— There arrived
to-day on the French steamer La. Lor
raine Cash Sloan and J. N. Freeman.
American Jockeys, who had been rldlns
in France. Sloan was under contract to
the Duke de Gramont. Baron Leonino
having second call on his services. Ho
said that he had ridden In about 144 races,
winning one out of four, which gave him
the highest percentage of any Jockey m
France. He came in second In twenty
races and in many of the others secured
third. Freeman, who rode for Gaston
Dreyfus, and Maurice ce Gheest second
call rode in 150 races, winning 17. Both
jockeys will go from here to Louisville
for a visit.
WHALE VISITS THE BAY.
Vagrant Spouter Drops In to Inspect
Transports and Ferries.
A vagrant whale dropped in from the
ocean yesterday afternoon and visited the
upper bay, where he enjoyed himself in
sight of the Sunday crowds that braved
the weather for a trip along the front.
The whale came in very quietly and tho
first heard of him was when he- shot a
waterspout skyward and rolled ten or fif
teen feet of his glossy black hide out into
sight of the people. He was off Steuart
street wharf then and he stayed there
for nearly an hour. Then he took over to
where the horse transport Slam. Just In
from sea, had anchored, and blew more
spray out of his nose and coursed around
the steamer several times, blowing and
snorting and churning the water Into a
white wake behind him.
Having thoroughly Inspected the Slam
he headed for the fairway and disported
himself In sl«»ht of the passing ferry-boats
and their crowds of passengers. lie was
having a lovely time and seemed thor
oughly to enjoy his visit. At dusk he was
still cavorting around off Goat Island,
with no apparent Intention of seeking blue
water for some time to come. Those who
saw him say there is no doubt that he la a
big specimen.
Charged With. Neglecting Family.
Henry Wolf, a tanner by occupation, re
siding at tht corner of Shot well and; Army
streets, was locked up In the Seventeenth-
Street station last night on the complaint
of his wifo, who charged him with neg
lecting to support hU family. Wolf Is th«
father of six chlldrtn. the oldest being ten
and the youngest two years old. To feed
them his wife says he gives her $1 50 a
week, and when she asks for money for
clothing he threatens to cut her heart out.
Policeman C. W. Brown was called into
tho unhappy horns by ' neighbors, who
heard the husband and father smashing
the furniture
Trunks. Valises. Trunks.
"We buy trunks In the larsrest quantities
to get the lowest prices and sell them ac
cordingly. Dress suit cases, valises, trav
eling bags, coin purses and pocketbooks.
All nice leather goods lettered in gold
without cost to purchaser. Sanborn. van
& Co.. 741 Market street. L * 7
SUNDAY SPORTS THAT WERE NOT CHECKED BY RAIN
TEE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1900.
Jose.
6
L Yards
NAME.
200: I 300. I
BOD.
Company I—
A. Olsen
L. Lemeteyer
J. J. Gagen
O. H. Seyden
Lieutenant W. Corcoran
Captain F. K. Moore j
B. Scheurer
W. Kirchner
J. Mackln :..
A. Sharp
B. Reddell
G. Sheldon
Company M—
M. J. Lyons
J. Dolan
E. C. Noyes
W. Phillips
Company A—
E. E. Kays .
\V. Williams
James Rlley
S. Katz
J. Stahl
Lieutenant C. O'Donnell
Captain George Balllnger. ...
Company H—
Captain F. Warren
W. Walsh
18 IS
16 19
14 0
21 20
21 19
24 22
16 13
6 -
19 13
18 15
21 —
25 23
19 18
18 13
21 23
23 20
10 12
18 4
20 15
16 16
17 16
23 22
18 20
23 21
20 18
19
17
9
IS
20
22
15
21
17
4
19
18
17
21
22
22
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Eureka ........
Santa Barbara
Willamefte ....
G.W. Elder...
Arcata ..'."...'..*.
"Robert Dollar..
Empire ........
Mandalay ......
Progreso .......
Mattewan .....
Nippon Maru...
Curacao ........
Pomona '.;".."....
Del | Norte .....
Corona ....:....
Senator .....'...
ZealanJIa ......
Australia ..;;...
North Fork ....
Rainier ........
Jeanle ...;;.....
Crescent City..
Santa Rosa....
Point Arena....
South ; Portland
Mackinaw - '
THanla ........
Humboldt
Humboldt.. ...............
Seattle.:.........,'.........
Portland..:......'.....'....
Coos Bay '..'
Seattle....
Coos Bay...
Coquille River....
Tacoma... ................
Tacoma
China and Japan
Mexico..
Eureka. .v..|
Portland and Coos Bay.
Newport...................
Alaska "&* Puget Sound.
Honolulu.......
Tahiti.:....
Humboldt...............:.
Seattle..
Seattle........'.............
Crescent City.............
San Diego..........
Point Arena..............
Seattle...:...
Seattle.....................
Nanalmo... ........ ..'...•..]
Nov. 2«
Nov. 26
Nov. 28
Nov. 26
Nov. 26
Nov. 26
Nov. 2S
Nov. 2B
Nov. 27
Nov. 27
Nov. 27
Nov. 27
Nov. 27
NOV. 28
Nov. 28
Nov. 23
Nov. 23
Nov. 28
Nov. 28
Nov. 28
Nov. 28
Nov. 29
Nov. 29
Nov. 29
Nov. 30
Nov. 30
Not. 30
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Ncwburg .. Grays Harbor
S. Barbara. Humboldt
Eureka .... Humboldt
City Puebla Victoria
Bonlta Newport
Empire .... Coos Bay
Rival ...... wni&pa.......
Czarina ... Seattle
Queen San Dlejro
Doric ...... China & Japan
Acapulco .. New York
Mandalay . Coqullle R
Pomona ... Humboldt. ....I
Alliance ... Portl'd&C.B.
Arcata .... Coos Bay |
Geo. Elder. Portland
Corona .... Newport
Manauense Mexico........
North Fork Humboldt.....
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena..
Nov. 28, 5 pm
Nov. 28. 10 am
Nov. 27, 9 am
Nov. 27, 11 am
Nov. 27, » am
Nov. 27. 10 am
Nov. 27. S pm
Nov. 28, 6 pm
Nov. 28. 9 am
Nov. 28. 1 pm
Nov. 28. 12 m
Nov. 28, ...:..
Nov. 29, 2 pm
Nov. 29, 9 am
Nov. 29, 12 m
Nov. 29. 11 am
Nov. 30. » am
Dec. 1. 12 m
Dec. 1, 9 am
Dec. : 1, 2 pm
|Pler 13
Pier 2
Pier 1J
Pier y
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 8
Pier 11
PMSS
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier JO
Pier 13
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 27
Pier 3
Pier 2
Sun rises
Sun seta
Moon sets
7:01
4:53
..9:04 p. m.
O Time Tlm« JTlmel Tlmai
o Ft Ft- 1 •*• — ZZ\ "*
»j [HW L W H_W! , L W |
28 . ' I'M 4 S 741 3.! 1:18 6.S 8:23— O.J
27 S : 50 8 0 8:50 S.2 IJ9 4.9 9:12 0.3
g : :; k Ksijti us tip y
»:::j:» « B «* '-'Jf « ! a -w
i- j| ts ?;s! k i;ss t'.i i;S yRome, Nov. 25.— An international congress at
tended by 1000 delegates assembled In Rome
yesterday to discuss the use of cannon to
prevent hail, which is so destructive to crops.
The theory is that firing cannon Into the air
would have the effect of breaking: up rain
clouds.
j LOUISVILLE, Ky.. Nov. 25.-The Courier-
Journal to-morrow will ?ay that the fourteen
cement mills located in the vicinity of this city
and Jefferson, Ind., which supply the irreater
part of the United States, have In contempla
tion the formation of a combine. .
OAKLAND. Nov. 25.— The building at
the northwest corner of Second and Web
ster streets has been leased by the Hick
mott Canning Company and a large can
manufacturing plant will be located there
The building is being remodeled by a gang
of carpenters and as soon as this work is
finished the machinery, which is now lo
cated in the Hickmott Company's plant at
Bouldin Island, will be transferred here
and set in running order.
The company will engage In a general
can manufacturing business, supplying
not only their asparagus fields, but the
fruit preserving companies on this side of
the bay. There are enough orders on
hand to keep the plant running to its full
capacity for six months.
and Enter Competition Here.
Machinery From Bouldin Island
Hickmott Company Will Transfer Its
CAN MANTTFACTXTRINO
PLANT FOR OAKLAND
George Scott.
CHICAGO, Nov. 25.— George Scott of the
dry goods firm of Carson. Plerle, Scott &
Co. died to-night of typhoid fever, aged
71 years. _ v.c : c,
OAKLAND. Nov. 25.— A testimonial
concert will be tendered to Mrs. Carrie
Brown Dexter, the well known contralto,
on • Tuesday evening, December 4, at th»
First Presbyterian Church.
Testimonial to Mrs. Dexter.
TO RALLY ROUND
STANFORD'S AX
Berkeley Students Arrang
ing a Big Football
Demonstration.
BERKELEY. Nov. 25.-One of the big
gest football rallies of the season, from
the point of noise and enthusiasm, will
be held to-morrow afternoon on the cam
pus : It will be the "ax" rally— the one
"ax" rally of the year. The famous Stan
ford ax which the Berkeley boys captured
at a baseball game two years ago will
be brought out.
There was some talk of taking the ax
to the women's rally Tuesday evening,
but the relic was considered too valuable
to be trusted in the open after dark. Will
P Drum, the famous sprinter who has
had charge of the ax. will carry It to
morrow. He will be escorted by the band
of (W0 rooters. During the rally Drum
will appoint a new "custodian of the ax."
a position of great trust at college.
Drum's successor will not be made known
until to-morrow, but he will be a promi
nent college man and athlete.
The ax rally, which has oecome an an
nual ceremony. Is considered the most im
portant rally of the year.
To Consider Liquor Question.
BERKELEY. Nov. 25.— At the meeting
of the Town Trustees to-morrow evening
the important question of repealing the
anti-saloon ordinance will be considered.
Although four of the Trustees have de
clared the ordinance a failure it Is very
doubtful if they will all vote against It
when the time comes.
Town Trustee R. - B. Staals of South
Berkeley will introduce an ordinance pro
posing to refer the question of license or
no license to popular vote. A large crowd,
both of temperance people and saloon
men. Is expected to attend the meetlnc.
BIG COAL FIELDS
OH CHIGNIK BUY
A Lignite Deposit Which
Promises to Provea
Valuable Find.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway. Nov. 2*.
Thomas Mayon, Superintendent of use
Apollc Mtn&u; Company, has arrived, la
Oakland, en route East, where he Is to
Interest capitalists in coal deposits In
Alaska which his company has uncovered.
Mr. Mayon Is staying with relatives at
1269 Market street. He believes that the
coal fields of Alaska will be of tremen
dous value to the Pacific Coast.
"The discovery of these beds of coai
along Chignik Bay is in my opinion one
of the 'most important finds ever made
on the Pacific Coast." Bald Mr. Mayon to
day. "For several years I have been In
vestigating the coal deposits of Alaska
with a view toward determining what
they might develop. This bed. which ex
tends for many miles along: the bay is
several feet thick. The coal is a lignite
of good quality, bituminous and appears
to be In enormous quantity. It la possi
ble, under the cenditions. to build a rail
road five miles that will bring the coal
beds within easy reach of sail and steam
craft."
Mr. Mayon will return to Alaska upon
the completion of his Eastern trip. In
the spring the work of determining the
exact extent of the fields, their depth
etc.. will be undertaken. *
*"In view of tfce decreasing: coal supply
on this coast." said Mr. Mayon, "I con
sider the discovery of these beds as of
vast commercial importance. There la no
doubt that a great find has been made
The gentlemen whom I am representing'
are confident teat tney fcavo a big tiia* .*
The engineers are talking about the pos
sibility of filling, in order to make tho
wharves solid, to bed rock. Within a few
days all of the structures have been un
covered and every pile has been exam
ined. The engineers are satisfied that too
few were driven.
The yards are blocked with freight, a
tremendous traffic being handled. A sec
ond local freight has been established be
tween Point Richmond and Stockton.
Chief Engineer Burns of the Santa Fe
system has located the permanent station
at the east yards. Point Richmond. It will
beat the west end ot the yards, almost
adjoining the town site of Richmond. A
large depot, with Harvey dinlng-hall and
elaborate division offices, will be erected
The structure will be of brick and stone.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Nov. 25.
Investigation of the cause of the recent
accident at Point Richmond, where a
Santa Fe engrine was dropped through a
wharf into the bay. has developed the
necessity for a complete reconstruction
f.™*! 1 * £ ig^; harf and landing pier at the
Point. Work on the rebuilding has
been commenced under the personal di
rection of Engineers Burns and Barman
and Superintendent Schindler.
The entire structure has been declared
unsafe, and the Santa Fe officials propose
to remedy the condition by an extensive
replling under the wharf. That Is now
under way Under the waiting room the
Piles are being cemented as protection
from the teredo, which has been playinc
havoc with the structure. Many piles
which have been sunk a comparatively
short time have been eaten through and
must be removed.
Santa Fe Reconstructing Its
Landing Place to In
sure Safety.
NEW WHARVES FOR
POINT RICHMOND
The total number of arrests during the
fiscal year for offenses against the postal
laws was 15M. Including 119 postmasters,
25 assistant postmasters and 144 postoffice
clerks, carriers and other postal em
ployes. Of the total number arrested 526
were convicted.
On June 30 last the number of postof
fices was 76,566, as follows: First class
194. second class 852, third class 3157, fourth
class 72.453.
Authorizing postofflce Inspectors to take
.cut search warrants whenever necessary,
authorizing- payment of incidental ex
penses incurred by local officers or others
in arrest, detention and keeping of pris
oners violatlig portal laws until trans
ferred to the United States Marshal's
custody; construction of inspectors' look
out towers in postoftices whenever deemer
necessary by the Postmaster General, and
prohibition of loose pouching of circulars,
calendars, etc., owing to small pieces of
mail matter frequently slipping in large
unsealed envelopes in transit.
A vigorous »>frort has been made to sup
press postoffices conducted throughout
the country for the sole benefit of Eome
corporation, patent medicine firm or other
private institutions whose operations de
prive the Government of its legitimate
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.— Fourth As
sistant Postmaster General John L. Bris
tow, in his annual report, recommends an
amendment to the Interstate commerce
law prohibiting telegraph and express
companies or their employes from aiding
or abetting green goods or lottery
swindles or any scheme carried on partly
by mail and partly by common carrier and
in violation of the postal laws. Other leg
islation urged is a.3 follows:
Assistant Postmaster Gen
eral Recommends Cer
tain Changes.
AMENDMENTS TO
THE POSTAL LAWS
"Jack" O'Leary, as he was called by
the many who knew him, was nearlv 60
years of age. He had been employed at
the smelter for four years. He was
known as an Industrious man, but with
a penchant for strong drink.
This morning, somewhat sobered,
O'Leary walked along the sidewalk in
front of the Monte Carlo ' Theater. . He
stopped to speak with Constable "Shorty''
Kelly. The smolter man gasped and be
gan to fall. Kelly grasped him and aa be
lifted him up he died. r.
Arms of a Friend.
KESKICK. Nov. 25.-Reelins with the
unsteadiness of a long debauch, his
strength. sapped by advancing years, John
O'Leary, a well known smelter man, fell
into the arms of a friend this morning
and when he was straightened up again
he was stone dead.
Keswick Smelter Man Expires in the
DEATH FOLLOWS DEBAUCH.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.-Omcial3 fa
miliar with South, American affairs state
that attention Is again being given in
Venezuela to the project of the transfer
of the Island of Curacao, belonging to
Dutch Guiana and lying off the coast of
Venezuela, to Germany. The Island came
to notice during the Spanish-American
war, as it was the point chosen by Admi
ral Cervera for making a stop when his
squadron was en route to Santiago.
It is understood that the acquisition has
been discussed from time to time in Ger
many, meeting with considerable favor
and being considered J a transfer which
could be made by concession from one
European nation to another. Whether the
principle of the Monroe doctrine would
apply to territory already he!d by a for
eign government Is an open question At
present, however, the matter has not at
tracted the attention of the Government
here, nor Is It known that the German
authorities are desirous of securing the
cession, the discussion being confined to
the reports coming from South American
countries near the island in question. The
German Government recently disclaimed
any purpose to acquire the island of Mar
guerita, off the Venezuelan coaBt. and in
official German quarters here there Is no
knowledge of present attention being
given to Curacao.
May Shortly Be Sold to
Germany.
Report That the Island Off Venezuela
TRANSFER OF CURACAO
AGAIN BEING DISCUSSED
VANVOTJVER. B. C. Nov. 23.—Sixty
seven angry laborers are looking for
Harry Parker, a well-known man about
town, who engaged them to work for the
Stave Lake Power Company ana. they
allege, defrauded them. The Stave Lake
Power Company is preparing to supply
water power for the operation of manu
facturing plants In Vancouver. Parker
claimed to represent the company and
engaged the sixty-seven men to go to
Stave Lake, clear the ground and make
other preparations for the erection of tho
works. The laborers say that Parker
exacted a deposit from each man, levying
as much tribute as he thought they would
stand, the amounts ranging from $1 up
ward. He instructed them to be at to
day's out-going express witli their outfit*,
promising to meet them at Uie depot with
their railway tickets.
Parker did not appear at the station
and it subsequently developed that he had
left town. The deceived laborers were
especially exasperated because many had
spent all their ready money, some a*
much as $50. in purchasing outfits for the
work, which was supposed to last at least
six months. This expense waa in addition
to the lost deposit.
Parker has lived In Vancouver for ten
years. He is only 23 years old and was
formerly bookkeeper for McDonald Broth
ers, draymen. While in their employ he
was arrested for forging the flrm'o name
to a check. The affair was compromised
after Parker had spent some time In jail.
The Stave I>ake Power Company repu
diates his assumed connection with It.
and Collects a Deposit From
Each.
Engages Them for Mythical Positions
CONFIDENCE OPERATOR
DUPES LABORING MEN
Masonic Hall was v/ell filled with the
supporters of the two schools and there
were considerable rooting from the two
contingents, much to the amusement of
the others in the place. All the speakers
won much applause, which they reilly
merited. The evening ended with a social
dance and was considered by all the del
egates to be most successful and con
ducive to a better feeling among the sev
eral preparatory schools of this part of
the State.
•
by Robert Dougherty, Jack Keefe and
Horatio Hawkins of Mission High School.
San Francisco. All the young men showed
great ability on the rostrum, but Mr. Ru
therford outstripped his competitors in
both delivery and argument. Jack Keefe
made a very favorable impression by rea
son of his humor. Edwin Nicol delivered
in good form an excellent discussion of
the question, as did the other participants
of the forensic contest.
since the attempted murder and robbery
been searching for the ex-convict, but has
failed to locate him. It is believed that
after robDing his victim Clark left the
city, presumably thinking that Carlson
would succumb to the escaping gas. and
that the police would regard the case as
one of accidental death.
Clark is known to be a desperate orim
inal. Several years ago. after committing
a series of crimes, he was arrested for
highway robbery and sent to Folsom He
was discharged only a short time aeo and
returned to his old tricks.
QUEBEC, Nov. 25.— The schooner Mario
Josephine, with thirty men, left Seven
Islands for the scene of the wreck of the
St. Olaf this morning to search for bodies
of victims^ The only one so far found,
last night's reports to the contrary not
withstanding, ia that of Miss Marie Page.
The horror of the situation Is Increased
by a story that most of the victims aro
believed to have reached the island only
to perish there by cold and fatigue and
they now lie buried beneath three feet of
snow. Miss Page's body, when found,
was covered by snow. •
Crew of the Wrecked
St. Olaf.
Probable Fate of Passengers and
BEACH SHORE ONLY TO
DIE FROM EXPOSURE
WILKESBARRE, Pa., Nov. 23.— Tho
grievance of the brotherhood men em
ployed by the Lehigrh Valley Railroad
have at last^ It ia believed, been settled.
At the conference held at Bethlehem on
Saturday between the officials of the road
and a committee composed of twenty
eight employes representing the Federated
brotherhood a new wage scale was agreed
upon. The brakemen emploS r ed on freight
and coal trains on branches of the road
will receive an increase of from 10 to 25
per cent in wages. Engineers will also
be allowed extra time for housing their
engines. Heretofore the men have com
plained that they have not been treated
fairly In the matter of extra time. Un
der the new wage schedule all extra time
will be paid for.
for Extra Time.
BROTHERHOOD WTNS.
I<ehlgh Valley Epad Agrees to Pay
Some surprise was expressed at the de
parture of the Kentucky for Smyrna yes
terday ahead of her schedule. It having
been stated that she would probably re
main at Naples until Monday. Officials
declare, however, that no new instruc
tions were given Captain Chester; that
he remained five days at Naplea. as di
rected, and having completed hl3 visit
started for Smyrna,
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.-In the expec
tation that the Sublime Porte will
eventually withdraw Us refusal to issue
an exequatur to Dr. Thomas H. Norton,
Consul at Harpoot, the authorities here
have directed him to proceed to his post.
In the meantime Mr. Griscom, Charge
d'Affaires in Constantinople, will urge
the Porte to Issue the exequatur in order
that Dr. Norton may enter upon his du
ties as soon as possible.
Be Issued to Norton.
EXPECTS TURKEY TO YIELD.
Washington Believes exequatur "Will
C. A. CARLSON, VICTIM OF A DESPERATE CRI>rTN T AD. WHO AFTER
ROBBING HIM IN HIS ROOM TURNS ON THE GAS, HOPING DEATH
WILL PREVENT THE DISCOVERY OF CRIME.
EKRLIN, Nov. 23.— The Centrist or Cler
ical ra-ty demands of the Imperial Gov
ernment the creation of an Imperial Su-
: .f'. me . Court ba-ving the following Juris
r5rst—T?ie adjustment of differences be
tween the empire end the States of the
'moire, and alf-o differences between the
fatatc» themselves.
Second— The supervision of issues affect
tec the responsibility of the Imperial
< h&ncellor and his subordinates before
the Reichstag.
Third— The settlement of controversies
regarding accession to the throne In
St^tea of the empire, where the question
is not already regulated.
Fourth— The control of the litigation of
aralri?t States of the empire re-
SuFir.e to do them justice.
Fifth— The determination of the question
whether State laws are in conflict in any
ca»e with the law» of the empire
CENTRISTS DEMAND AN
IMPERIAL SUPREME COURT
¦nassacres were reaiiy repugnant to the
iiusslan ofticcrs, but were carried out
r.tif-r orders of Count von W'alders«»e.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
I 'ally Express wires that the Russians
:-re assuring th« Chinese that the Amur
"Wangwen Chao. now a Cabinet Min
ister, has written to Sir Robert Hart from
Singanfu that Emperor Kwang Su would
be giad to return to Peking, but that his
Majesty would "lose his face' if foreign
troopi were there."
Shanghai sends another batch of reports
from Chinese sources. Among these is a
rumor that the aJlies have reached Wei
huifu, z ".- miles east of Singanfu, and are
proceeding westward. Another is that
the Taotai of Chuchaofu. In the province
of Cheklacg. has been dismissed, and that
sixteen ringleaders of the missionary
murders have been captured. A third
eayg that a Chinese official has arrived
at the rapltal cf the province of Hunan
with orders to organise a military force
of StiOOu Boxers.
LONDON. Nov. 25.— The Morning Post
V-ubl'shes the following from Its Peking
correspondent, dated Saturday:
Dare Not Do So.
E2IPEBOB ZWANG SU'S FEAES.
Anxious to Eeturn to the Capital, but
The grand total of petitions filed in the
United States for the period ending Sep-
T<-rr:ber SO, 1>j0, Is 20.12S. exclusive of those
for the western district of Louisiana, the
riietrict of Alaska and for hajf of the year
for the southern district of Georgia. New
Jersey, the eastern district of North Car
clir.a. the western district of Tennessee
and the eastern district of Virginia, from
which semi-annual reports were not re
ceived.
From tfce clerk's report it appears that
of the voluntary petitions all were adjudi
cated bankrupts except 237, in whose cases
the petitions were dismissed, and that dis
chare-r s were refused in seventy-cne cases.
Compositions were confirmed in 206 cases.
The liabilities in 19.510 voluntary cases re
ported by the referees amounted to $264,
!-74,lI>2, while the total amount of assets
scheduled in these cases was $33,03S,77L
WASHINGTON. Nov. 25.— E. C. Brand
f-r.\uTg. in charge of bankruptcy matters,
has n-.ade a report to the Attorney Gen
eral on the operation of the bankruptcy
act of J^y l, itr-s. The report says, with
reference to voluntary cases, that advant
age is b*-ing taken of the law by men of
all classes and in all walks of life and in
every Bectloa of the country.
The States showing the greatest number
of petitions filed during the year are
Illinois with SviS; ,\> w York. 3U0T; Iowa,
KB; Ohio. tsST; Minnesota. S45; Pennsyl
vania. G09l The smallest number of volun
tary petition* were filed In the following
Mates : Nevada, 6; Delaware and Wy
oming. IT each; Idaho, S); South Carolina,
.; Oklahoma, 2S; Florida, €7; Rhode
Js'and, 65.
Classes in all Sections of the
Land.
Voluntary- Petitions Presented by all
HEPOET ON WORKINGS OF
THE BANKRUPTCY LAW
Lnless the church becomes a continu
ous vaudeville it cannot hold its congre
gation." says another minister, "ar.tl the
minister must be the whole show and
orchestra as well. Some of the churches
have added the plan of having concerts !
instead of church Ben-Ice for the evening '
programme.
"Others have lectures on popular sub
jects which have no pertinence to Sunday
They have even gone so far as to Intro
duce the sfreoptlcon as a means of hold
'-f audiences. Will the time come, we are
askinp, when all churches will have to
add these methods? Ministers of the old I
Fchool are looking with consternation up- I
en the present tituation. There are some
who are wiilir.Rr to say that the liberal j
r*lisrious! movements have taken many ,'
awa>- from churches. Ministers say that '
pleasure has caught the people In its fas- j
cinatinjr grip and that they are unable
to free themselves." 1 1
The Baptists all over the country will i 1
be invited to meet and devise ways and ; :
means to rehabilitate the church. -
CHICAGO. Xov. £5.— Boulevards, clubs !
end theaters are more attractive to ]
church people than their own churches." I
fa id Rev. Dr. Kittredge Wheeler of the ;
Fourth Baptist Church of this city, and '
klM fellow clergymen a-gxee with -him.
"The theater is a force against which i
we rnuft work constantly and which is
row particularly dangerous to us. People
are mere favorable to the theater and its
rleasures than tht-y are to their church !
and the grayety which even-where *ur- I
rounds us during the winter months takes !
rnany of our people from their church !
duties. I
Declare the Churches Must Afford i
Seme Amusement in Order to
Hold Congregations.
CLERGYMEN PLAN TO
ATTRACT THE SINGER |
Strong In her belief that mercy must win
over justice — In this she Is like Portia
she goes with the consent of the prioress
to see the strict and inflexible ' Angelo.
He has never taken pleasure in the sins
of the Viennese, they say. therefore he
can have no pity for Claudlo. The truth
is that Angelo is a consummate hypocrite.
He was to have married a lady named
Marianna. But her dowry was lost at sea.
Then he discarded her. accusing her false
ly, in order to cover up his own dishonor
with infidelity. Marianna Is really the
most constant and pure of women. In
her lonely "moated grange" she waits day
after day ior him to keep his promise, for
In spite of his vile aspersions on her char
acter she loves him still.
This man. more unrelenting than a bet
ter man would have been, refuses to think
of clemency. He will scarcely listen to
Being a kindly man. he will see that the
ascetic and cold-blooded Lord Angelo does
not misuse his .absolute power. Th*>re
may perhaps be f need of tempering Justice
with mercy. Isabella soon learns to think
that there is. for she is disturbed in the
convent of St. Clare by one Ludo, who
tells her of her brother's Bin and his con
demnation to death. Claudlo says that
as a last resort his saintly sister must see
Angelo. Lucio puts it:
"Go to Lord Angelo *. ! • .
And let him learn to know, when maidens ene
Men eive like gods; but when they weep and
kneel ,
All their petitions are as freely theirs
As they themselves would owe them."
Visit both prince and people."
"I will as 'twere a brother of your order
Goes all decorum."
The duke leads Angelo to believe that he
has gone to Poland. -but he goes to a mon
astery and persuades Friar Thomas to
to teach him how to appear and act as
friar. He says:
Morals and manners have become so lax
in Vienna under the nominal rule of the
very amiable duke that marriage is named
only in jest. And Claudlo, following the
prevailing vicious practice, has ruined his
sister's friend, Juliet. The youth of Vien
na hold such sin lightly. A woman's hon
«r is nothing to them because the women
themselves do not prize It. But there is
one who does— Isabella, the sister of this
Claudio. Chastity with her is "no nega
tive good." To fall from that virtue, even
in thought, Is worse than death to her.
She Is not ismorant, but she is Innocent.
Filled with high thoughts of purity and
faith, she has Just entered a convent. She
is not disgusted with the world, not
shocked at Its wickedness — she believes
that every sin may be repented of— and
not disappointed in love. She has taken
no vows; in fact, she has entered the-con
vent on the very day on which her broth
er Claudio has been condemned to death
for the evil done to Juliet. The duke,
alarmed by the growth of vice in Vienna,
has delivered the reins of government to
the strict Lord Angelo, because
—"liberty plucks justice by the nose;
The befcy beats the nurse, and quite athwart
The scene of "Measure for Measure" is
laid In Vienna— a brilliant, gay, thought
less, frivolous and lax city. Its nobles
seem to answer to Browning's description
of the Venetians in "A Toccata of Ga
luppl's"
—"till in due time, one by one.
Some with lives that came to nothlnr. some
¦with deeds as well undone.
Death stepped tacitly, and took them where
. they never see the snn."
Claudio was one of these fiowerlike
young men — a butterfly, with no thought
of extinction.
The plot was not Invented by Shakes
peare. He took it from the tedious old
play by George Whetstone, afterward
printed In a prose version. It was called
"Promos and Cassandra." It was printed
both in 1578 and In 15S2. Shakespeare,
bound by the fable of "Promos and Cas
sandra," 9howg all the more his wonderful
power of transcending all limitations and
of illuminating even the improbable by
the pure light of truth. It is presumed
that "Measure for Measure" was com
posed about the year 1603; the exact date
has not been absolutely ascertained.
XIII.
"Measure for Measure" is one of the
noblest of all Shakespeare's dramas, and
yet It is seldom put upon the stage to
day. Miss Xellson was. I think, the last
representative of the postulant Isabellfi—
that fine flower of womanly purity— seen
in this country. It seems to be one of
those dramas of Shakespeare's which are
thought by the general public to be. a3
Dr. Johnson said, in a dialogue with Bos
well, the better for not being played. And
not having been played often and seldom
used by the public reader Its treasury of
beauty and sublimity is less known than
it should be. It is the most moral of
Shakespeare's plays— the mo6t directly
moral would perhaps express It better—
and yet this very direct morality has
through the modern habit of undlvine
silence and false delicacy prevented it
from' being as much of a household word
as "Hamlet." This play, Walter Pater
says in "Appreciations," page 179. "by the
quality of these higher designs woven by
his strange magic on a texture of poorer
quality, is hardly less indicative than
'Hamlet' even of Shakespeare's reason,
of his power of moral Interpretation. It
deala, not like 'Hamlet.' with the prob
lems which beset one of exceptional tem
perament, but with mere human nature."
It is a tragedy, but. aa Pater puts it, "it
remains a comedy." The greatest element
in tragedy— that element w~ich makes
"Hamlet" and "Lear" and the great old
Jew so awful— the sense of failure at the
last — Is avoided. "Plain speaking does not
vitiate," Coventry Patmore says. And as
this Is so, let us hope that "Measure for
Measure" will be ranked, as It deserves,
as one of the truest oieces of morality
ever presented, in fitting form, by any
poet.
The duke, having drunk her pleadings
with delight, sends for Claudlo, who, of
course, marries Juliet. The duke, forgiv
ing Angelo, cannot forbear a Jocular slap
at him for his insinuations against
Mariana:
'Xov» her. Anre!o^
I have confessed her, and I know her vtrtoe."
Isabella, convinced that her place Is In
the world, accepts the duke's hand and
the curtain falls 'on several marriages, aa
the trick of the stage required. The play
is over; but th» splendor of diction, the
glamor of imagination, the appeal to the
heart, to the mind, to the essential truth
of all human life, remain forever.
MAURICE FRANCIS EXJAJf.
Catholic University of America.
"I partly t>tnfr
A due ilncerlty govern'd his deeds
Till he did look en me; sine* it is sa.
Let him not die. My brother had bat Ja«t!c«
In that he did the thlae for which h» died."
Mariana, still loves Arsrelo as the re
pentant Juliet loves Claudio. The- duke
disguised as Friar Lodowlck. who haal
after the manner of potentates In plays,
discovered what everybody 13 thinking
about, basins to disentangle the threads
He, like Anpelo. Is charmed by Isabella.
As Friar Lodowlck he persuadea Isabella
to deceive Angrelo that Mariana may go to
I the tryst at night In Anselo'3 garden
house. The trick by which t^e husband
and wife are brought together Is quite In
line with the ethics of the drama of Lope
de Vena and Shakespeare. •
"Nor, g*stl» daughter, fear tou not at all.
He Is your husband on a pre-contract: ,
To bring yen thus together, 'tis no tin.
Sith that th« Justice of your title to him
Doth flourish the deceit.
Angelo, without shocking those conven
tions which obtained until the beginning
of this century. Is married offhand by
Friar Peter to Mariana. And then Marl
ana and Isabella both plead for his life,
believing Claudio dead.
Isabella says:
Sin to Isabella is far more than death.
To consent to sin on any pretext means
intolerable degradation to her. even
though the sin were secret and her honor
untouched in the eyes of the world.
"Oh, you beast:" she cries. "Oh. faith
less coward! Oh. dishonest wretch:
• • • Take my defiance, die, perish!"
After the highly wrought passion in the
third act the play becomes more of a com
edy and less of a tragedy. In the begin
ning of act four we are prepared for the
sweetness and joy to come by the lovely
lyric sung by the page to Mariana— who.
by the way. is entirely a creation or
Shakespeare's. She Is so suggestive a
creation that she gave Tennyson the
theme for hl3 two pre-Raphaelite poems.
"Mariana" and "Mariana in the South."
"Whether Shakespeare or another, wrote
the lyric sung by the boy— the rest of
which is to be found In Fletcher's "Bloody
Brother"— It is a strain of fine music
"Take. O take thoso llpa away.
That so sweetly were forsworn;
And those eyes, the break of day
Lights that do mislead the morn;
But my kisses, bring agraln, bring again;
Seals of love, bat seal'd in rain, leal'd In
vain."
In the original play, "Promos and Cas
sandra," Angelo ia altogether devilish:
but Shakespeare knew better than to
make him all evtL Like the kin? In
Hamlet." his thoughts turn to heaven,
but his heart Is with earth:
"Heaven In my mouth.
Whilst my invention, hearinc not my tong-u*.
Anchors on Isabel."
Angelo reveals his desire to Isabella.
and offers her dishonor as the- price of
her brother's life. She is masterful in
her Indignation, for she has nothing of
Ophelia in her. She will tell her brother,
¦who. she is sure, would die twenty times
before he would profit by his sister's fall.
At first Claudlo Is with her; his fin© sense
of honor Is touched by her high words;
she Is masterful again: she carries him
along with her In spite of himself; but *"
remembers that
"Death is a fearful thine."
To which Isabella replies:
"And a shamed life, a hateful.**
And Claud !o:
"Ay, bat to file, and gro we know not wt»er*t
To He In cold obstruction and to rot:
This sensible warm motion to become
A kneaded clod:" and the delighted spirit
To bathe In fiery floods, or to reside
In thrilling region of thick-ribbed lc«;
To be im prison" d in the viewless winds.
And blown with restless violence round about
The pendant world. • • •
Sweet sister, let m» lire."
And you but waste your words."
Isabella in words that again remind cs
of Portia's plea— for Shakespeare never
hesitates to repeat the same thought, the
same emotional expression, when It Is nec
essary—
'•Why. all the >ou!s that w»r* forfeit one*;
Ar.1 He that might th» vantage beat bars too*
Found out the remedy. How would you be.
If He, which la the top of judgment, should
But Jadss you as you are?"
And later she cries out:
"Oh, It ia excellent
To hare a piant'a strength; trat it Is tymaaoas
Tc us« it like a tfant."
The Interview reaches a high level of
dramatic passion. Angelo Is not moved
to pity for Claudlo, but to dangerous ad
miration for Isabella: he thinks :
"O cunning enemy, that to catch a. saint
With saints d^st bait thy hook'. Moat <Uag«rons
Ii that temptation that doth road us on
To ala la loving nature."
"Tour brother 1« a forfeit to th» Uw.
the pleading of the old Lord Escalus. H»
'¦ 'Tis one thin* to be "tempted. Escabis.
And another thing to fall. • • •
Tou may not extenuate his offense.
For I have had such faults; but rather tell me.
When I. tbat cessure him. <!o so effend.
Let mine own Judgment pattern out my death.
And nothing: corse in partial. Sir. he must die.
Isabella goes to Angelo. He is as ada
mant:
THE police are anxiously looking
for "Billy" Clark, alias Reynolds,
alias Williams, an ex-convict,
who Is wanted for the attempted
murder and robbery of C. A. Carl
son, a sailor. I^ast Thursday Clark met
Carlson and after plying him with liquor
took him to the Prescott house at Mont
gomery avenue and Kearny street, where
he engaged a room. To the clerk Clark
said that Carlson was his "frie^," and
that as he did not want to see him rfcbbed
he had concluded to put him to bed.
Sevrral hours later the clerk detected
the odor of escaping gas and thinking
thtrt it was caused by a faulty meter he
started to make an Investigation. Fortu
nately he happened to pass the room oc
cupied by Carlson, and discovering that
the gas was escaping from it he rapped
fo»- admittance. Failing to get a response,
the clerk forced an entrance and found
the room filled with gas and Carlson ly
ing in the bed in an unconscious condition
summoning assistance, the clerk had the
apparently dying man removed to the
Harbor Hospital. The usual remedies
were employed to resuscitate him but it
was not until some time afterward that
n *_ was Pronounced out of danger.
The doctors who treated Carlson, think
ing that he had made an attempt to kill
himself, failed to notify the police, not
withstanding that the sailor informed
tnem that he was tne victim of a murder
ous criminal.
After being discharged from the hospital
Carlson returned to his room and found
that his gold watch and chain, a new
pu.t of clothes and a small amount of
money, had been stolen by the man who
sought to murder him. Yesterday morn
ing: he went to police headquarters and
told the story of his narrow escape from
being made a subject for the Coroner to
Captain of Detectives Sevmour.
"Clark, the man who tried to murder
me, Carlson said, when telling his story,
'"first met me on Pacific street, near
Kearny. He pretended that he had met
me before and asked me to have a drink
¦with him. As I thought he was a 'good
fellow" I took him with me to 'sw the
rights,' he claiming he was a stranger
in the city. I noticed that he drank very
little and as I was intoxicated I acted
on the suggestion that I should go to bed.
I remember groinj? to the Prescott House
with him, but that Is all. When I became
conscious In the hospital I missed my
watch, which I valued very highly, as it
was a gift from a friend. On returning
to my room I discovered that a suit of
clothes, which I had bought the day be
fore, and some money, which I had left
en the bureau, were gone. Satisfied that
Clark had turned on the gas and then
robbed me I went in search of him, but
up to the present time have been unable
to locate him."
The friends of Carlson are convinced
that Clark Intended to murder him, nfter
getting him asleep and robbing him of his
valuables.
Policeman Peters, -who knows Clark, has
Billy Clark, Desperate Ex-Convict, Commits a
Double Crime, C. A. Carlson Being the Victim.
THIRTY SHAKLESPEMRE EVENINGS.
Copyright, 1900, b y Seymour Eaton.
STUDY OF "MEASURE FOR MEASURE,"
TURNS ON GAS TO KILL
SAILOR HE HAD ROBBED
CAPE D'URVILLE. Grinnell Land. March
12, 1900.— I write this note on the chance of
Stein and Dr. Kahn reaching Upusauk ty way
of Movllle Bay. * The fall and winter passed
comfortably at Etah. without even a day's In
disposition on my part. I have husbanded my-
Belf carefully. My feet have riven me very
little trouble and now I feel that I am myself
again. I am now at the Windwards winter
quarters with the rear division. Mott and the
doctor are ahead with two other divisions on
the way to Con so. All but a few of the natives
will return at once from here, leaving a few
with me. I shall push on from Congo without
delay, perhaps by way of the Greenland coast.
I shall strain every nerve, and, God willing,
shall do my work this spring, that I may
come back this summer. I send duplicate of
this to Cape York for a whaler.
The second extract follows:
FORT CONGO. Lady Franklin Bay. March
31, 1S0O.— Just a line to g-o down to a whaler by
returning natives. I arrived here at mid
night on the Mth, 24 days from Etah. Six
and a half days of this tlma wo were held in
camp by heavy wind storms. The doctor an3
Hensen each left Etah with natives before we
arrived hero. The Journey was a tedious one
owing to the storms, but not an uncomfortable
one for me. A number of dogs died on the
way, but I had ample number for the work
aheud. Twenty-one musk oxen were killed in
eight of the fort the day before I arrived. We
have an abundant supply of fresh meat.
After resting and feeding the dogs a few
days longer I *hall go. and the other E&qulmos
will remain at the fort hunting. I am in good
condition and the Journey shows me that I arn
myself again. If I do my work this spring I
shall come back and hasten down to meet the
ship and turn back with her. I hope to writs
again by natives, when I shall send back from
some point up the Greenland coast. Dr. Did
nick wishes to be remembered.
NBTV YORK, Nov. 25.— Herbert L.
Bridgeman, secretary of the Peary Arctic
Club, to-night gave out extracts from let
ters sent by Lieutenant Peary, the Arctic
explorer, to his wife. She did not receive
them, having started to rejoin her hus
band last August, without is knowledge.
She was at Disco. Greenland, on Au
gust 20.
The letters of Peary's were carried by
natives to the camp of the Stein party at
Cape Sablne and thence conveyed to Cape
York by Dr. Kahn, who boarded the
steam whaler Eclipse on June 9 and was
landed by her at Dundee, Scotland, on the
9th lnst. Following are the extracts
given by Mr. Brldgeman:
Before Their Arrival She Had Started
Without His Knowledge to
Bejoin Him at the ?
North.
Letters Prom the Arctic Ex
plorer Fail to Reach
His Wife.
PEARY WRITES
OF HIS TRAVELS
NEW YORK. Nov. 25.— Henry Seelig, a i
swindler whose stealings may aggregate j
Sl.OOG.OJO. asd who has been a fugitive from
Justice for four years, was arrested in this '
city last night and has since been held at
police headquarters in Mulberry street. :
He will be arraigned in the Court of Gen
eral Sessions to-morrow and will be com- i
F«i!ed to answer complaints made by his
victims, who number hundreds and who
are scattered all over the country. In the
I zl&x. See:ig has succeeded in being ad
mitted to bail whenever arrested, and he
•¦u-b never failed to forfeit his bonds. This
t.rce he will have no opportunity to es
cape by this method.
operating under a. name similar to that i
ct son;e iirm^with high commercial rat- j
ngs, bt-eiis has swindled the shrewdest i
bustoeu nieji of America. Some of them !
have again an d again rallen his victims, j
tr.e.r repeated mistakes being the result
at fc.s rapidity of movements and the el«y !
manner in which he changed names.
r our years ago as "B. Blank" he did
J -jsir.ess In this city, obtaining goods ¦
worth more than a half-million dollars. !
ivijjcn he disposed of for what he could '
ret. making no returns to his victims. He i
is believed to have made a clear profit ]
that year of $300,000. The first day after !
the police took charge of his office that !
year letters came from 772 business firms, !
Chlltng for the settlement of overdue j
claims. Later Seelig operated success- I
fully in Brooklyn and still later in several i
Of the larger cities in the West. Captain I
McClusky believes that he or his confed- j
orates are even r.ow operating a swindle. !
with headquarters in Chicago .
When arrested Seelig was well dressed.
He had In his possession a considerable
sum of money and in other ways gave
evidence that his prosperity has con- I
rinued sinca he was last seen in New ;
York.
SWINDLER HENRY
SEELIE CAPTURED
A Notorious Fugitive Crook
Whose Steals Aggre
gate $1,000,000.
»
Numbers Among Hi6 Victims Some
of the Shrewdest Business Men
in the United
States.
»
BpecIaJ Dl5pa.tch to The Call
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1900.
Cameras, photographic supplies, ko
daks albums for unmounted photographs,
printing and developing. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market strtet., . , •
: v ' ¦ ' •
Camera Supplies.
Debate the Silver Question "With
Delegation From the Mission
High School.
STOCKTON. Nov. 25.— The convention
of the Debating League of Northern Call
.ornia closed last evening with a spirited
debate on the silver question. Stockton
High School taking the side of the white
metal. The Judges— Messrs. Duffy of San
Francisco, 'A. L. Cpwell of Stockton and
F. B. Wootten of Lodl — were out over an
hour and it was after midnight before
they announced their decision In favor of
Stockton High School.
The speakers for the Stockton aide were
Harry Knowles. Edwin Nicol and Newton
Rutherford. The negative was sustained
. - ¦
VICTORY FOR THE
STOCKTON STUDENTS
WEST POINT. Nov. 25.— Solitary con
finement and degradation to the ranks
| were the severe punishments ordered for
trree officers and one cadet of the United
States Military Academy after a recent
breach of discipline on the two hundredth
night before commencement. The oGicera
were the most popular men in the first
class, the cadet private Is a leader of the
¦ "plobs" and the action of the authori
ties is strongly resented by the students.
For recent laxity in the general good or
der-nf the post punishment was meted out
as follows:
Acting First Captain Guthrie of Colo
rado, for permitting breach of order at
mesa hall and for subsequent Insubordi
nation, was sentenced by a committee of
army officers to solitary confinement and
removal of his chevrons. He was trans
ferred to Company F.
Cadet Commandant D. D. Gregory of
Missouri was sentenced to confinement
and degradation to the ranks.
Cadet lieutenant William F. Russell of
New Hampshire, for breach of discipline,
was reduced to the ranks.
Private Dowd. cadet at large, in the
fourth cadet class, was demerited and or
dered to confinement for causing a breach
of discipline in the mess hall.
Although the offense wa« not a grcve
one, the incident has caused the humilia
tion of three of the most popular men in
the senior class. The young men had
been awarded their chevrons as the result
of three and a half years of hard and
conscientious work.
Degradation and Solitary Confine
ment Because of a Breach of
Discipline.
HARSH PUNISHMENT
OF WEST POINT CADETS
ANGELS CAMP. Nov. 25— Samuel • M.
Shortrldpe spoke here last night at a Re
publican ratification meeting. The town
-n'aa illuminated In his honor. Mr. Short
ridge, when introduced, said he did not
want the idea,to go forth that this meet
ing was anything more than simply a gen
eral rejoicing of the people of both par
ties over what would result from the re
election of McKinley and all the Repub
lican party stood for— the \ expansion of
the commerce of this country and of this
State. He said that the people believed in
the practical workings of the party's pol
lcv The election meant that the people
indorsed the administration. '
Samuel M. Shortridge Addresses Men
' of all Parties.
ANGELS CAMP RATIFICATION.
One of the speakers declared that he
knew of fifty-four gambling houses in the
city, one within a stone's throw of his
church. Another said that In every block
In the principal business district there
was at least one resort for lewd women.
Reference was made to similar move
ments carried on in large Eastern cities,
especially New Tprk, and the opinion was
advanced that Denver needed such more
than any of them.
DENVER. Nov. 25.— A mass-meeting
which filled the capacious Trinity Metho
dist Episcopal Church in this city was
f held this afternoon, at which the city
government was roundly scored for its
alleged laxity in enforcing the laws
against gambling and kindred evils. \ The
meeting was held under the auspices of
the Anti-Saloon League, and addresses
were delivered by a number of ministers,
all denunciatory of the fire and police
board. A petition to "all executive and
judicial officers of the city of Denver and
the county of Arapahoe to Impartially and
rigidly enforce all ordinances and laws,
and especially those which relate to the
moral welfare 7 of the community," was
circulated and signed by nearly all pres
ent, and the different ministers In attend
ance pledged .10,000 additional names for
the petition. . *
to Suppress Gambling and
Kindred Evils.
Mass Meeting Calls Upon Officials
A2ITI- VICE CRUSADE
BEGINS I2J DENVER
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
BEATRICE. Nebr.. Nov. 23.— Fire to-day de
stroyed the brick block occupied by Begole &
Van Arsdale. general merchandise, and other
firms". Loss $S5 p C00.
BERLIN. Nov. 75.— Slenwsen & Co., & well
known ship-owning firm In Hamburg, will es
tablish a line of steamers to Hongkong and
Shanghai.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 25.— Private dis
patches received here say that companies have
been organized at Kieff, with British capital,
to build railroads from Orlansk and Czerni
zoff to KieO and from KiefT to Zlobe.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1900.
8
EYES examined free- spectacles properly * ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. ocu"2t optician. 910 Mkt
FLATS* TO LET.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor &MoTfatt.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School ;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
DEPILATORY
A — 8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern Improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417% Third.
O. «C C— A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skin; agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag'cy, 426 Ellis.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 802 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course thij
year got poEltions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
ELEGANT modern 8 room new upper flat;
marine view. 1430 Taylor st., near Jackson.
FLAT of 4 sunny rooms. ' 257 Dore St.. bet.
Ninth and Tenth, off Harrison; rent $10.
FLAT of 3 large sunny rooms; large yard. 212V4
Eleventh st.
FLAT of 7 rooms and bath; rent $22 50. 677
McAllister »t.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
M6NEY advanced on articles of air descrip-
tions, from $1 to $1000, at UNCLE HARRIS',
15 Grant ave
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 rooms, yard and cel-
lar; rent $10; no children.
UPPER sunny flat, 7 rooms and bath: 926 Va-
lencia st. Inquire Morton Special Delivery,
40S Taylor st- ; key at store. S<30 Valencia.
712 SANSOME. handsome sunny flat, $16; S04
Sansome, larre store, $10._
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor St., off Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant.
$11 60— UPPER sunny room. 135 Ivy ave., near
Van Ness ave.
$18— UPPER sunny 6 rooms; bath; dresser; lat-
est Improvements. 1312 Green St., bet. Lar-
kln and Polk. '•* '
FURMTUKE FOR SALE.
GREAT SNApT~~ ~*~~
Ready to move Into; modern, sunny, ten-room
corner flat to let.
137 O'Farrell st.. corner of Powell; elegant
new furnishings of same for sale. Apply H. J.
MOORE. Sterling: Furniture Co., 1039 Market.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $4S 50, with No. 7
ranite. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WASTED.
NEW and second-hand furniture and clothing
bought and 6old. 1182 Mission St.. near 8th.
CHA8. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1SC5 Larkin; tel. Polk691.
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
C R. HANSEN & CO. ... . . .^Fhone~Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
10 waitresses, city and country hotels, $20; 2
restaurant waitresses. $6 and $7; lunch wait-
ress. $3 60; 4 chambermaids to wait, city and
country. $20; woman cook, country hotel. $30,
fare patd, and many others.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Houseglrl, choice place, Oakland, $25; an-
other place, Antloch, $20; middle-aged woman
for nice place, Truckee. $20, fare paid; 2 sec-
ond girls, $20: numerous orders for house-
girls; nursegtrl for 2 children; others. C. R.
HANSEN fc CO.. 104 Geary st.
EXPRRIENCED chocolate dipper for a retail
candy store; very highest wages and steady
position; no offlce fee-. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
A— 4 WAITRESSES for Fresno County. $20. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— 4 WAITRESSES for railroad eating-house
In Arizona, $20 and free fare. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary St.
YOUNG lady typewriter and stenographer;
competent to act In the capacity of office as-
Flstant; accuracy at figures required; state
salary. Box 3S9. Call.
NEAT, reliable girl; housework and cooking;
small American family; J20. Call forenoon,
171S Fell st.
WANTED— Good lunch waiters. 236 Townscnd
Etret-t.
WOMAN to wash napkins and wait at table.
G12 Kearny st. j
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework;
wages $8. Apply 2535 Butter St., upstairs.
COMPETENT girl to assist light housework;
family of 3. S23B Golden Gate ave.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole-maker; best wages;
also apprentice. 956 Mission st.
GIRL or woman for housework; $2 50 per week;
sleep home. S62VJ Mission st.
GIRL wanted to do pressing; light work. 23
Stevenson st., room 16.
NEAT girl to learn dressmaking; paid while
learning. Spring Valley bldg.. room 129.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec.. mlnlng.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; da*', eve.; est. 1S64.
VAN DBR NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
MUNSON, School Shorthand, Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Monfy. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
A JAPANESE schoolboy wants situation to do , YOUNG butcher, rood cutter; German prefd.
housework. 8. KAWAI. $58 Jwsls St. j PeopU's Market. Market X^on 19th.
JAPANESE wants position at ' general house-
work in family. M. MASUDA. 623 Jessie st.
JAPANESE young man wants position In store
or saloon; speaks good' English. HAM A, 023
Jeeele st.. tel. South 695. , ¦ '-¦•:¦', -¦ . •
WANTED-^A ¦: grocery . clerk to deliver orders.
2806 Mission st. .,-...*. v.\;./>: :
A SHOEMAKER for flrst-class repairing. Ap-
ply at 632*4 Bush st.
KITCHEN • man ¦ who can ' cook short orders;
$25 and room. Restaurant. 28 First st .
FIRST-CLASS barber for country; $18 a week;
fare paid. H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh st.
MILKERS, separators and flrst-class cheese
and butter makers want work;- city or coun-
try. Milkers'. Union of California. 62* Mont-
gomery st. atfaBSgQ0N9HMMMMMMMHSBj
AN experienced drummer to sell kitchen wares,
WIESTER & CO.. 22 Second St. .
A . LUNCH i waiter ¦ wanted >' at NE. ; corner of
Howard and Beale sts.
A' MAN . that ¦ understands Jobbing ; gardening;
no other need apply. Call 600 Halght st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 182.
DRS. GOODWIN, 1007H Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' practice in S. F.. a
cure guaranteed ; $5 at office ; have cured thou-
: sands . of cases ; ; unexcelled success : see free.'
KG TOY KEE.; Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion,- cancer, : catarrh. ' etc. ; all diseases treat-
ed; send tor testimonials; advice free. Sani-
f tarium, 704 Sacramento St., corner Kearny.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1200— TO close out estate; lot 50x100; north side
nt utrpet- close to Grove st.; good cottage of
4 large rooms, etc. JAfe. S. NAIbMITH. Ui
Ninth ft.
1125 DOWN- balance only $13 per month, ln-
eluding interest; will buy a fine modern cct-
taee of 4 rooms, bath; patent toilet: north
side of street; chicken yard; owner only built
It 3 months ago. but must sell; only 4 min-
utes' walk from local station of Berkeley
local. JAS. S. NAISMITH. 452 Ninth »t.
A GOOD buy; S-rooxn cottage on north slda ot
FJgbteerth St.; in fine condition; everything
modern; will be sold for $2400. and on easy
term*. JAS. S. NAISMITH. 453 Ninth st.
DO rou want a home on a lot in Oakland? It
so call on JAS. S. NAISMITH. 452 Ninth st.
INCOME flats: 8 and 5 rooms; fine location;
building only built 6 years ago at a cost nt
$4400: will sell now with 50-foot lot for $4200;
all rented. JAS. S. NA1SMITH". 452 Ninth st.
LINDA VIST.A— Fine new modern »-storj
bouse; everything up-to-date; fine location;
cheapest place en Oakland Heights; only $4000.
JAS. S. NAISMITH. 452 Ninth, st.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market-Ladles' spe-
¦¦-. clallst; safe and sure cure, $5: best care; low
fees:;when all others fail consult, free. '-.-.¦
DR.; POPPER'S treatment can be had for th*
cure In his offlce- at $5. : 833 Kearny st.
MRS." DR. GWYER,' ladles' specialist; bom*
; for patients." BIO Eddy sV / —'• '
SOBER, experienced barkeeper would like po-
. sit Ion; city or country. v Box ¦ 111, Call office.
WANTED— Position as managei of ranch;
vines, deciduous or citrus fruits, or private
place, lawns, etc. E. D., 4M South Oaks
ave.. Pasadena. Los Angeles County.
MIDDLE-AGED Scandinavian wishes situation
about a place as choreman, watchman or
pcrter; handy, with carpenter, tools; responsi-
ble orchardist: good . ref erence. . Address L.
I L. NYLANDER, general Postofflce.
A— CARPENTERS. 10 cabinet makers. 6 bench
hands,' sharer : hand." sash and door man.
, Mechanics' Registration , Bureau, : 410 Kearny
st , room »; , non-union mechanics please reg-
lster; new jobs dally; no offlce fees. :
SITUATION wanted by a sober and reliable
man, 45, as choreman In a private family,
factory or institution; understands care of
horses, cows, chickens, etc. ; will come rec-
- ommended by last employer. Address box
412. Call offlce.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 937 MARKET ST., corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' physician;
treatment.' $5;. positive cure guaranteed; when
Others ; fail consult, free, j MRS. DR. KOHL.
DR. : G. • W. O'DONNELL, moved to 1018 Mar-
ket, opp. 6th; world-renowned ladies' special-
ist; safe, reliable; practiced in San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
fully;, treatment can be used at home; consul-
: tatlon free/. After al! others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.*
successful practice; ¦ guaranteed i treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St.." bet. Hyde and Larkin.
2 MEN wish positions, one as cook and the
other as an assistant, in boarding-house or
hotel In country or institution; references
Box 446, Call offlce.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES, 1228 Market-Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; . have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at offlce : ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDOO HERB home cure,
'any one can use It with satisfaction; perfect-
ly-harmless. Send stamps for circular.
MEDICAL.
WE can oiler etegant suits of rooms and board
in an elegant private home in Alameda to
refined couple; references required. Box 3G3,
Call offlce. __^^_^__^__
JANITOR desires to take charge of offices
flat or building; can paint, varnish, orwili
do renovating; very reasonable. Box 432. Call.
$100 OFFERED by competent clerk for desir-
able situation; bonds and references. Box
435. Call offlce.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
A— MURRAY & READY... Phone Main 584S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
•••• WANT TO-DAY 7 A. M.......
« carpenters, bridge and trestle work, $70 and
found; 185 tlcmakers and woodchoppers, 13c,
120, lie and 10c each. $3. $2 60. $2. $1 60. $1,
80c cord, tools and 1 provisions " furnished; 3
farmers and wives, $35, $40 and found: 6
cnoremen and boys, 12 farmhands, 6 milkers,
$26. $25, $20 and found; 3 • Ingersoll drillers,
$90, see boss here; nurseryman, $35 and found;
wagon maker, $75; laborers and teamsters,
boys for factories, etc. »
........HOTEL AND OTHER DEPTS
Cooks .Walters. ...........Dishwashers
Bakers ....; Laundrymen ;.."..:.... Butchers
¦¦ ¦ ' MURRAY & JRI3ADY, 634-636 Clay St.
A WEEK'S news for 5c— The Weekly Call, 13
pages. In wrapper, for ma Illncr, $1 per year.
MAN and wire would like situations on ranch-
man as ranch hand; wife as cook. Call or ad-
dress H. D.. 474 Jessie st.
HELP WASTED- MALE.
FORECLOSURE— Beautiful corner modern resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath: cost WO; will
loan |2S0O at 6 per cent net or in terms to
suit Address Bank, box 113, Call offlce.
YOUNG educated German wants a position of
any kind. Box 479, Call office.
FOUND— A 14-foot hunting boat; Nov. 23. Ap-
ply M. TALEVI, 3599 Baker st.. Harbor View.
$100 000 TO loan on watches, diamonds, silver.
eealBklns. pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 ¦ Grant . ave. , „
GREAT . Dane dog (brlndle) ; $20 reward: re-
turn to 148 Thlrrt st. ; no questions asked.
FOR sale— Chicken ranch; rood barr&ln. In-
culriat 211 Harlem rt.. Oakland.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 101J
Market st., bet. Sixth and 8eventh; oonsult
us . .on crowns and bridges ; teeth extracted
positively «sd absolutely witbout pain.
$:W0— NEW eottago of « or 7 rooms: terras.
, $3400, $400 cash: new house of 9 r^ 1 " 1 ** ,»"}!*
and shade trees: lot 60x119. J. H. YOLNO.
Builder. 1243 Park st.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
WANTED— Young man understanding mercan-
tile reporting and soliciting wishes employ-
ment; has had 10 years' experience; can give
best of reference as to ability and character
Box 4S1, Call oflice.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
EXPERIENCED bookfolders and apprentices
wanted. Bookblndery. 536 Clay st.
Market st.
GIRLS for housework: good pay. Pacific Em-
ployment Agency, 9 Geary: ph. Black 3719.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches,- silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS
15 Grant ave.
LOST— Brlndle and white greyhound dog. Re-
turn to: E. D. FALLON. Eighteenth st. and
San Bruno ave. ; reward^ ¦
LOST— Brown water spaniel; answers to name
of Major. Reward at 7S6A Harriaon st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework.
214 Hyde st.
LOST— Red setter bitch, plated collar and pad-
lock on; liberal reward. ' 1425 Steiner st.
EXPERIENCED operators on children's wear
and shirt waists. Bauer Bros., 21 Sansome
NEW cottage. 6 rms.. bath; lot 50x100: Mission;
rental terms: and vacant lota. 413 Kearny tt-
EMPLO YMEST WANTED— MALE.
A YOUNG man desires work In city; Is reliable
and willing to work; references. Address B
box 114. Call.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCIIAAGK.
LOST— November 22d. coming from Third street
to Mission and Twelfth, lady's gold watch,
back set with diamonds; liberal reward if re-
turned to 06 Third st. i
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piano houso west of Chicago;
agent peerless Heine and Hallet & Davla.
Boston's oldest and most famous piano, and
ten other makes; pianos rented; rent allowed
on purchase.
3 Heine uprights 1327
1 Mason & Hamlln ggo
i Stclnways 195
1 Chlckerlng 155
1 Marshall & Wendell -. &
1 Emerson 35
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st. ; open
evenings.
ABSOLUTELY th« oldest "and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 2G.
28 and SO O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all gra.le3
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing poKiblc done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A BARGAIN LIST. ~~ "
Conover Walnut, Behr Bros, mahogany Ster-
ling walnut. Bacon ebontzed. Hallet & Davis
Halnes Bro3., at sacrifice; $140 up. BENJ*
CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.. Chlckering
agency.
ELEGANT new upright piano; used 6 months-
: must be sold this week; leaving city. 332 Turk.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steok. Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
NEUMAN upright. $75; Sherwood, $85: Peek
$100; other bargains. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant un-
rlghts at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
GREAT many bargains in 2nd-hand uprights-
small installments. Hornung, . 216 McAllister.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Gabler Splel-
tnann and Hamilton pianos. SOS Post st.
BEST rent stock In city; new pianos- $3 n>r
month. SCOTT-CURTA2. 560 Hayes" Ju
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place!
A cleaning out of pianos for storage: dirt cheap-
installments. Wilson's Storage. 710 Market.
A BARGAIN; must b« sold; nlc« upright DlanoL
gCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st- next Hlb. Sank!
opfTces axd stores to let.
PART of stor» to let. 404 O'Farrell st.: lo¥
rent. , •
A— 410 KEARNY, modern sunny offices. $7 up-
ward: light, water, janitor services Included.
_. ._"_¦¦ '¦•_-. ;'-. .' on*.-' ¦¦'•: '¦:¦; . ™~~
JOSEPH : BiTOPLITZ, J30 Pins strwt.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
~ ' Country correspondence- solicited.
GIRL wanted for housework; 8009 Jackson st.
Call 10 a. m. to 2 p. m. •:
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address In '.2«
United States or Canada one year for -$1.
GLOVE makers, dry thread, and apprentices
wanted at 431 Fulton st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
YOUNG girl plain cooking and general house-
work email family. Call 9 to 12. ]810 Laguna.
LOST— A breastpin; heart shape; small dia-
mond set in pansy In center; lost Friday
evening. Liberal reward at ferry news
stand.
GIRL to cook and for general housework. 160S
Geary st., near Buchanan. ' .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night, $1 60 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
LOST— A gold past master's badge. A. O. U.
W., from Yerba Buena Lodge. Finder re-
warded by returning to DR. D. B. CLIF-
FORD, 322^4 Third St.. 1 to 3, 7 to 8 p. m.
WANTED— A young girl to learn dressmaking
at MME. NELSON'S. 1017, Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wants work in
families. 943 Sutter St.; tel. Larkln 962.
WANTED— First-class pants finisher at 8
Grant ave., upstairs.
A WOMAN wants work by the day; washing,
housecleaning. 235 Twenty-ninth st."
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker on custom
work; $12 to $14 week. 509 Kearny St., room 2.
OWNERS of property in the Potrero that wish
to sell, call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California
street, S. F. Savings Union building.
:.; ;- : i :"•'".,, LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Saturday evening, between Grand Opera-
house and . Oakland, or at theater, a large
amethyst stick pin. Finder please communi-
cate with GEO. C. HUMPHREY. Central
Bank. Oakland, and receive reward.
YOUNG German girl, beet references, de-
sires housework or second work, city. MRS
LAMBERT, 418 Powell St., tel. Main 5332.
IF you have property north of the Park and
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
GUNN. E30 California Bt.
A REFINED and educated lady wishes a posi-
tion as companion to Invalid or young lady
Address A. B. C. box 444. Call offlce.
|16 # 00o — 12-ROOM corner residence; tremendous
bargain; fine commanding view; best loca-
tion in Western Addition; 50- ft. frontage. A,
M. SPECK & CO.. 6S7 Market st.
COMPETENT nursery governess, kindergar-
ten. German, desires charge of child; refer-
ences. MISS S., 85 South Park.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher would
like a position as governess. Box 2051, Call
offlce, Oakland.
YOUNG lady bookkeeper wishes position. 705
FOR sale or rent — House of 8 rooms: also two
lots In Mission; bargain if sold Immediately.
Particulars 1324 Stockton st.
SHOTWELL and Army sts.; 43x118. and 60 feet
wide In rear. Apply on premises.
MODERN houses built; lowest prtces; plans and
estimates furnlsheu. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Steinway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco,
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st. Oak-
land.
A GOOD article Is the best "barjraln" for any
one to buy; when you buy a Decker & Son.
or a Packard piano, you always get a "bar-
gain." as It will last a lifetime and please
everybody; we try to arrange payments to
suit your convenience. If possible, and take
pleasure In showing you the goods, even if
you do not .want to buy just now. MAU-
VAI3 MUSIC CO.. 769 Majket St.
MUSICAL nSTRUJlEXTS.
WE arc offering the finest lines of good and de-
sirable guitars, mandolins and banjos ever
shown on the coast; they are of the cele-
brated "ReKal" and "Ideal" brand and are
beauties; the prices are very reasonable and
you can buy on payments if you wish; noth-
ing finer for a holiday present. MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes situation, house-
keeper or invalid; city or short distance in
the country- 24 Freelon St.. nr. 4th. upstairs.
I WOULD be thankful for'sewingr of any kind:
can do It most reasonable. Please call 215
Polk St., rear, room 1.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S F. Discount Agency. 143 Pheian bid.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL, v <>09 Examiner building.
A PROTESTANT old lady, entirely trust-
worthy, would like a place in a small nice
family to do light housework. Address box
110. Call offlce.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal: confi-
dential : on diamonds, etc. 83 Taylor St.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 517 Market «t., room 1
HORSE clipping by experienced men; best work;
cheap prices. DALZIEL, GOo Golden Gate ave.
GIRL for general housework and cooking:
wages $20; ref. required. 425 Devisadero.
WANTED— Good rants finishers; good pay;
steady work. 2229H Mission St.
HORSE and wagon, together or separate; suit-
able for grocery. See owner, 156 Ninth st.
YOUNG girl to do general housework. 911>4
Larkln st.
FOR sale— 2 horses, cheaD, at Anchor Brew-
ery, 1431 Pacific St., near Larkln.
GIRL to assist with housework. 629 McAllis-
ter st.; wages $15; German preferred.
OPERATORS and finishers on gent's whlto
shirts; steady employment to good hands.
535 Valencia st.
HOl'SES TO LET.
A^?mNTET?iLlST'~Ho^^
eular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BORROW money on sealskins, silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
A 15-ROOM house, 2 baths, etc.; marine view;
rent only $50; 1347 Taylor, nr. Washington.
W. H. CR1M & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
HOUSE of 4 rooms; good condition. 27 Lang-
ton st.
WANTED— Gtrls to label and pack pickles
California Packing Co.. 115 Shotwell St.
WANTED— Lady over 26 to travel through
South. Box 500, Call offlce.
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
FINE furniture, complete, of 6-room corner
flat for, sale: no dealers. 411C Van Ness.
A STENOGRAPHER; salary $25 per month
Box 48S, Call.
FUR finisher wanted. PACKBRT, 318 Leaven-
worth st., bet. Eddy and Ellis.
YOUNG refined girl for light upstairs work.
Call Monday morning, 1S66 Vallejo st
INVALID CHAIRS AND TKICYCLES.
BOLD and rented: manfr. of the Eames trlcycl*
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 8100 Market st.
YOUNG girl wanted for light housework. 1518
Fell St., near Lyon.
YOUNG woman wishes situation as chamber-
maid in hotel or private family. Please call
or address Prescott House, corner Montgom-
ery ave. and Kearny st., room 9, first floor.
$]00.CCO TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. Home Bldg Co.. 222 Sansome, rm. 2.
HORSE and mare for sale cheap: /ood for
farm work, mare good for breeding, at SE.
corner Taylor and Bay sts. ; price $73.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; pri-
vate entrance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av.'
IMPROVER at dressmaking. SlS Jones «t.
TO salaried people wltMout security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousjey Co.. 321 Parrott bid.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do house-
work or upstairs work. Call at 3907. Twenty-
fourth st.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan ; Co.. 356 Parrott build-
Ing; men con secure Iftans on personal note.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs;*clty. country; 6% undi-
vided lnts; estates. HARPER, 397 Parrotjt bid.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
MONEY loaned salaried J.*ople without security,
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ANY amount, lowest r'tea. on furniture, etc.;
no removal, no com>-ilsslon; strictly confi-
dential. Rm. 3, Conee> ¦'atory bldg., 301 Jonej.
WOMAN wishes work by the day to do fine
laundry work, housecleaning and carpet
sweeping. Address box 428. Call. .. .
COMPETENT sick nurse, long practice, best of
references; will work in city or country' at
moderate price. Call at 120 Fourth Bt., rm. 10.
THOROUGH fitter In tailor and evening suits
wishes engagement at $1 25 per day. 244 Tay-
lor st.
GERMAN girl wants place to do housework
and plain cooking; wages $15 to $17 per month.
Call 502 Bush et.
MOST - reliable place t ' borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. X HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old »:old, silver, diamonds.
A— $500,000 on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mort&ges: notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTt'NE. H Montgomery st.
HIGHLY respectable. Private place to obtain
liberal advances on di-imonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jejvelry Store, 846 Market
St.; teL Main 1644. BAnch 19 Third st.
LEDERER'S Quintonlea, uted aa a hair tonic
by the best people: 33c bot.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds"
paintings; secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant av.
Lederer's Foamo Shampoo should be on every
dressing case: cleanses thoroughly; 5c pkg.
Electrolysis for superfluous hairs and moles-
work guar. Miss Slaughter. 502 Taylor *t.'
AN experienced detective wishes work: mlu'ns
cases specialty; ref 3. Detective. S. F. P. Q.
MASQUERADE costumes, play bocks. wi?v
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 ilkt.
LEDERER'S Quintonica Is a superb hair tonic-
unsurpassed: 35c bottle. 123 Stockton »t.
MRS. Dr. James positively cures rheumatism
without drugs or medicine. 23 Eddy, rm. 30.
I ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and
moles; trial free. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter.
ASK for unequaled D. F. Black Suede Gloves;
$1 25 a pair; guaranteed. 121 Grant ave.
SCIENTIFIC massage treatment by trained
male nurse from the East. 334 O'Farrell st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint. th« best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
SUITS to "order on easy payments. Art Tallor-
Ing Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought- J. R. JENKEL. g!7 Market st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color: SI; at all druggists.
A WEEK'S ne,ws for S cents— The Weekly Call,
IS pace*, in wraptwr. for mailinz. tl per year.
FHVSICIA>~9 A.M> Sl'RGEOXS.
DR. C. C. CDONNELL^Offlce and i residency
lOJl'i Market St.. betwwn Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
RED "hOT^BARgTiN'S ~~~™~~~~~~_---»~.
AT— A. M. SPECK & CO,— AT
HARD TO BEAT? HARD TO BEAT!
PRICES WILL SURELY ADVANCE.
$7300.
Flats: brand new; east of Van Ness ave.;
rents $71. %
$7250 INVESTED
Oa Van Ness ave. produces $100 a monta over
taxes; must sell; elegant new improvements:
this is five times what you get in saving*
banks.
JSSSO.
Rents $100; 10O-ft. front; near Taylor St.; no
chance like It.
$10,300.
40- ft. corner on Second st.
$14,500.
Business property: rents $100; near new City
Hall.
$20,000.
Corner; 60-ft. front: vicinity butter, eait ci
Hyde; grand hotel, office or rooir ing- house sic*;
rents $107. ry.;y ,
$30,000,
Rents $285: elegant new improvements; 55- ft.
front; honest value.
$30,000.
44-ft. front; vicinity of Tlvoll; old Improve
ments; rents $200: b!otk from Market; will
double surely In 10 years.
$73,000.
Grand corner: 75-ft. front; within biock of
Market St.; old Improvement*: rents $400; witti-
ln block of Hate's; worth $100,000.
$100,PCO.
Here Is 10 per cent net: on a corner 70- ft.
front; guaranteed lease & years; bulldta* bettftr
than the Palace Hotel or no sale.
NOTICE— No time for triflers. Cash talka la
our office. Try us.
Money to loan, 6 per cent. Including taxes.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
A GOOD HOTEL.
Must be sold or exchanged: hotel (almost
modern), 30 rooms, 2 stores; lot 35x123 feet;
main street; near city; sure to clear 5150 a
month; $7300. A. II. SPECK & CO.. iK7 Mar-
ket st.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce^ — Best help
turn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Bugh 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 41Uj O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 428.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook, 3 years last
place, desires situation; city or country-
MISS CULLEN. 225 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS cook and housework girl de-
sires situation; good ref. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
ALL-AROUND cook and help; can take chefs
place or full charge of kitchen: English,
French or German cook; first-class pastry;
flrst-class hotel references. 24! Natoma st.
A GOOD, 6trong young woman wishes house-
cledning by the day, sweeping, scrubbing and
window -cleaning, or do small wash; best ref-
erences. Address box 115, Call oflice.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, cc -poratlon loans, chattel
mortKapes, life Insurance. Room 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. I' ALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In -pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. K. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 90S Market st.
AA — BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortages
Interest In Estates
Undivided Interest in Real E3tate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 3*5 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE nnd Chinese employment offlce:
best help. "626 O'Farre'l St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. ; est
1S70; practical recommend; try them; removed
to 419 Devisadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD.
WANTED— Bellboy; an all around man pre-
ferred. 29 Stockton st.
$7i-2-CHAIR shop; rent to; receipts $23. Ap-
plyH. BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
BARBERS— 3-chair shop for sale cheap. 14
Turk st.
WANTED— Bushelmen at RAPHAEL'S.
COATMAKERS and pantsmakcrs for country.
Apply REISS BROS., 24 Sutter St.
$100,000 TO loan, on diamonds, watches, seal-
! skins. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave,
WANTED — At once, three or tour high-grade,
reliable solicitors; men of good address; men
who can get subscriptions for The Saturday
Evening Post (Philadelphia); salary guaran-
teed to the right man. 69 Columbian build-
lng. Ban Francisco.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House, 519 Sacra-
mento St., near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen comlnjj
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventllated rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.
WANTED at once, an Al all-round bread bak-
er; must be sober and reliable; good salary,
board and lodgings. New England Bakery.
Honolulu. H. T. :
WANTED — Experienced electrical wireman;
must be steady and reliable man: wages $3
per day. BAKERSFIELD GAS AND ELEC
TRIC LIGHT CO.. Bakersfield. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 iarge
rooms; 25c t>er night; $1 to *2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
BARKEEPER. German preferred; state refer-
erces of laet place; none but well recom-
mended need apply. Box 497, Call offlce.
PENSIONS- J. H. Shepard & Co.. old, reliable
.firm, 806 Market, room 40, Pheian building;
pension vouchers executed, 25c; advice free.
GOOD reliable young man wanted to drive de-
livery wagon; must furnish bonds. Box 445,
Call offlce.
FOR sale— A good-paying country barber shop
and baths, suitable for married man. Ad-
dress box 356. Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while -waiting, 25c
to 50c. 5C2 Mission St., bet. 1st and 24 sts.
BOY. Pacific Electric Motor Co., call between
7 and 8 a. m. 183 Jessie St.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tui-
tion at S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WANTED— 10O men to take rooms. 10c, 13c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
BOY wanted to learn glove trade at 431 Ful-
ton st.
WANTEEV- An errand boy for flower store. 9
Eddy st.
WANTED— Clean, quick, eteady waiter, $45.
Ill Larkln st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. X. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c ntght; reading-room3; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH oflice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at j 10i<6
Valencia Bt.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan aa long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited opon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-63 Donohoo bldg.. 1170 Market.
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
MONEY TO LOAX.
WANTED- Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market St.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth St.: tel. Jessie 141.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Fplsom 1191.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for 11 per year.
WANTED— San Francisco Call for January,
February and March, 1*90; quote price. W. F.
PURNELL, Sacramento, Cal.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
"WANTED — San Francisco Bulletin for March
6, 12 and 19, 1S99; quote price. W. F. PUR-
NELL, Sacramento, CaL
A— »3 3<» DERBY and Fedora hats. 11 75 P,- u
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.;near iMnt.
FINE suits.' $10; dress pants, $2 75. JdlS^T
CLOTHING PAKJ.OR3, 437 Montgomery ' »L
SAFES — New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
cr double. SI 25. EASTERN OUTFITTTVU
CO.. 1310-1212 Stockton St.. pear Broadway
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Poat st.
SUITS to order on Installments ; J13 upward- il
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market st be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Ssll. corner of Market and Third streets; open
jr.tll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— E27 Montgomery street.
lomer Clay; open until S:SO p. m.
*00 Hayes street; open until 8:30 p. m.
«9 McAllister street; open until 8:J0 p. m.
CIS Larkin street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
J*M1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
S261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until !p. a
106 Eleventh street; open until « p. m.
HZS Valencia street: open until S p. m.
Kortlm-fft comer Twenty-second and K«n-
nicky streets; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES^
SOLDKN GATE Commandery No. 16. K. jjrv-
T.. Golden Gate building. 623 Sutter St. *SBJ"
— Special assembly THIS EVENING £J
at fc o'clock. The order of Malta will *»
be conferred. All I raters are courte- »
ous!y in\ il^ BERr McMILLAX. Em. Com. j
WM. T. FONDA. Ite^rdcr. .
"~ " ft
IAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Roj^l Jf%f \
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. Xi\ ,
P. M. and M. E. M. degrees. / V j
SOCIDKXTAL Lodge No. Z2, F. and A. m |
M— THIS (MOXDAT) EVENING, at 7 > j\- j
o'clock: third degree; Master Masons /iL.3r |
cordially invited. By order of th> V.'. ' V a ,
M. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary. >
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. Jt
aJii A. M-. Fr&iiklin Hail. Fillrawre. _*\^ !
!¦ ¦:¦"-<»• n Sutter and Bush— Second de- jCJT ]
tree THIS EVENING, at 7:30. /W > \
HARRY BAEHK. Secretary. I
IT. ANDREW'S Society.— Open meet- » >,
ir.g and installation of officers on 5^ Gi vJ
MONDAY EVENING. November 26. '?k.TTgig
at Scottish Hall, 117 Larkln et. *¦•?•
Members and friende invited.
WM. BALNAVES. President
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary.
.-OTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
6AN FRANCISCO DRY DOCK COMPANY is
hereby given that, in pursuance of a resolu-
tion of the Board of Directors of said coxn-
ptr.y, unanimously adopted at a meeting of
tali board, held at ths offlce of the com-
par.y. In the city and county of San Francisco,
fctate cf California, on the 2£th day of Octo-
ber, 1800, a meeting of the stockholders of the
Pan Francisco Dry Dock Company will be
held at the offlce of the company, number 3C2
California street, San Francisco, California
Ctfca eame being the principal place of busi-
ness of said corporation and the building
»here the Board of Directors usually meet).
en Tuesday, the ¥th day cf January, 1901, at
the hour Of 10 o'clock a. m., for the purpose j
cf considering and acting upon the proposi- i
tion to create a bonded indebtedness of said I
corporation to the amount In the aggregate of '
five hundred thoupand t$500.000> dollars, ]
United Stttes cold coin, for the purpose
raisin? funds to be used in bulldins and j
equippir.? a new drydock, and for other legiti- .
mate and necessary purposes of the corpora- j
tion. such bonded Indebtedness to be secured !
bjr a mortgage or deed of trust upon all the I
property cow owned by said corporation, or
which it may hereafter acquire.
By c rder of the Board of Directors.
W. F. RLfiSELL.
Secretary of San Francisco Dry Dock Com-
pany. j
fHE Oaiifcrrtia 'Debris Commission, having re- j
reived applications to mine by the hydrau- j
lie process from F. D. Soward et al., "in the
fndine and May Day plaeer mines, consoli- )
dated, near Gold Lake. Sierra County, to de- i
r">F*t tailing in a worked-out pit; from Mrs. i
Annie E. Jones, in the Nuecet placer mine, j
r.ear Johnsville, Plumas County, to deposit i
tai'.lr.gs in Hopkins Creek; from C. D. Haz- j
zard. la the Plumas Imperial Mine No. t, \
r.ear Qulncy, Plumas County, to deposit tall- >
lnes in Slate Creek; from David Corbett. In 1
the Golden Gate Mine, near Gibsonville. Sier- |
ra County, to deposit taillnes In Wisconsin ;
ravine, and from Charles Schneider, in th<» j
American Mine, near Spanish Ranch, Plumas
County, to deposit tailings In a ravine, gives
notire that a meeting will be held at room ,
£*. Fiord hullfline. San Francisco. Cal., on |
PewinlKT 3. 190", at 1:30 p. m.
INNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting cf the stockholders of the Paauhau
Fupar Plantation Company will be held at j
the offlce of the company. No. S27 Market Et.. I
San Francisco. Cal.. en SATURDAY, the 1st '
day of December. 1900. at the hour of 11 j
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a I
beard of directors to serve for the ensuing j
year and the transaction of such other busi- |
rirss as may come before the meeting. Trans>- |
. fez books will close on TUESDAY. November j
til. 1&00, at 2 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. I
IX.L can horroTv monry on silks, oil paintings '
and burgle* frcm COLLATERAL BANK, 15 '•
Orant h\*.. near Msrkpt st. i
AGESTS WANTED.
BOO to $500 PER month: m^wi or women; salary j
or coirmlssion. VI7 Market st, room 615.
ASPHALTLM ROOKIXG.
f. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
reined: postal. 11*6 Misaion; tel. Folsorn 1607. j
ASTROLOGY. ~^ j
DR. C. TOUEEY TAYLOR. Scientlfle Aetroio- !
r*r— Trff <-"py "The New Moon." 76S Market, j
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
fc. W. KING. P27 Market St.. 6th floor, room €27
—Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy.
collections; all cases; fair fees; no advance 1
cbsrprefc; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537. i
ADVICE free; divorce law a ep**!alty; private; '
no fee without euceess; collections. O. W. J
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
L EDW. JAKRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and j
Market sts. ; phone Red 12(2. •
ADVICE free; no charge unleEs successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason. ;
!» S. CLAP.K. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- j
Ket tt.; consultation fre«; no fees in advance, j
BATH CAB1XKTS.
ROBINSON. Niagara, Perfection anTothersTw!
S. BROWN CO.. agency. 426 Ellis st.. a F.
BOARDISG FOR CHILDREN.
3ERMAN lady wishes one or two children to
board; mother's care. 433 Minna st.
BUSINESS CHAACES.
a.— J7500; SALOON near Chronicle building; es^ j
tablished years and known as one of the i
leading places cf the city. Call R. O.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny et. }
A— 11200; CORNER grocery and bar; one block !
south of McAllister St.; rent 145; 4!i years |
lease; owner has two more places of busi- *
ness and must sell one; stock will invoice '
the price. Call R. G. Vt'ILKE. S6K Kearny. |
A.— J1C00: SALOON with mercanUIe lunch, sur- i
rounded by wholesale houses and factories;
business clearing J12o per month easy; owner
koej* place rn Oakland and must eacrlnce.
R. G. WILKE, 26i* Kearny 6t.
A— 12000; KESTAURAXT and coffee parlor on
Kearny 6t.. near Chronicle building; rent J125;
business clearing" !200 and above per month,'
owner engaged otherwise.; compelled to sacri-
fice. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
K— S3500; CORNER liquor bar; established 40
years; located near Chronicle building; 3
years' lease; daily receipts about SSO; one of
the best paying bars In this city. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 2S't Kearny gt.
A— CORNER butcher ehop on Howard st.; 60-
lng a first-class paying each business; must
sell at once; owner going In cattle buying.
R. G. WILKE. SSfr Kearny «t. |
$Wk— LADY partner wanted. German preferred.
with best references, in a large paying busi-
ness cst&bMfbed for many years. Particulars
call R- G. W1LKS. 3GVi Kearny st.
A— $0000. HOTEL with £7 rooms, dining-room
and bar; rent JUG: located 1 block from Call
building; established years; known as the
bert-psiyir.r tecond-class hotel In this city;
Investigate and you will find a splendid busi-
nest. R. Q. WILKE. 26*^ Kearny st.
A— $1200; BAKERY, corner. In Western Add.;
eftab. many years ;'4 horses, wagon, etc.; bak
ing 4 barrels per day; S living rooms, bath;
rent, {50; I years' lease; death of owner causa
of t^le. It. Q. WILKE. 26H Kearny gt.
A— $600; FINE candy store in eplendtd location;
nicely furnished; cheap rent; clears $125 per
month; ereat bargain. LANE & CO.. 865 Mkt.
PARTNER wanted in an established business,
clearing $75 mo. each; light work; short hours;
no exix-.T. required. LANE & CO.. E65 Market.
RESTAURANT; nice place for man and wife;
receipts $15 a day; low rent; see this at once; i
•snap; only $225. LANE & CO.. 665 Market «t..i
A— COAL, wood and grain yard; good loca-
tion. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— CORNER saloon; city front; money maker.
COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
fSOO— RESTAURANT: near Market : clearing t200
mo.; party 3 years In place. BASILE. S Eddy.
PARTNER wanted in light manufacturing buiT
lr.fir; owner a practical workman; established j
business; prefers partner to other help; capital '
required, $400. DONNELLY & CO., 632 Markt. j
JS5— NATIONAL make cash register; shoeshop
and machine. 418 Larkin st.
PHOTO Studio, £239 Mission St.; old established;
will sell at a barcain now; business out of
Cal. reason for selling; furnished living rooms
attached; low rent.
WELL equipped plating plant doir.g splendid
business. $S00: worth 12600; sickness compels
quick sale. ; Bog 458. Call offlce.
CHICKENS-J00 young, laying pullets. White
Leghorns and Mlnorcas; cheap. Apply at
4140 Te!<"grapb a\-e.. Oakland.
GROCERY and bar; rood bueinesc; selling ac-
count sickness. 1111 Howard St.. cor. Langton.
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
Sealed bids will be received at my office, 238
Montgomery st., on FRIDAY, Nov. 10, at noon,
for 76 shares of the stock of Lewis & Co.. dray-
men. The capital stock of this concern consists
of 200 shares. For further information apply to
P. BOLAND, Publio Administrator.
A SALOON with 8 rooms, also bar and fix-
tures; 2 blocks from Call building; north of
Market: reaEons departure for the East. Call
for particulars at S. BLU1IENTHAL & CO.,
6T.S and CEO Mission st.
A— J4C00; BREWERY and bottling works; own-
er has other business; cannot attend to both;
will eell half or whole. See owner, 605 Battery.
STORK to rent In beet block of Market St.;
10x80, with upper floor and large basement;
benus wanted. Box 1003, Call offlce.
HOUSE and offlce painting done cheap by day
or contract. Box 441. Call offlce.
$100— RESTAURANT: must be sold to-day on
account of sickness. 148 Fifth st.
FOR sale— A 8S-room lodging-house; price rea-
sonable. 648 Howard st.. near Second.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptlons has been established at 1096
Vnlenr-ia st.
'lodging-hocses rou sale.
sT^OO^MS^n Po^v^'sTT^elirHreT^^eTrnSoO
7 rooms en Taylor et. ; rent $"0; price.... 625
15 rooms on Geary St.; rent $65; price..... 1050
14 rooms on O'Farrell St.; rent $50; price.. 800
12 rooms on Post St.; rent S'uO; price.. SCO
35 rooms on O'Farrell st.; rent $65; price.. 75C
20 rooms on Mission et. ; rent $60; price... 1100
16 rooms on Howard St.; rent $25: price... 750
For quick sales list your houses with A. L.
WILLEY. 816 Market St.; phone black 6215.
A— 22-ROOM house; central $1001
29-room house; first class 1050
11-room house; J475: 6-room flat $15
20-room house: Eddy; rant $75: only 800
FISHER & CO.. 1033 Market et.
SNAP; 11 rooms, furnished; clears $25 per mo, 1
only $125. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
BUYERS of lodging-houses will find large list:
fine bargains in lodging-houses. Samples:
102 rooms; rent $64; price $1500.
12 rooms; rent $84; price $400.
We loan money to buyers at V& per cent.
6CHWEINHARD & CO., 917 Market St., be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Phone Mint 1911.
i7 ROOMS on Eddy St.; rent $50
SS rooms on Howard st. ; rent $42 $560
9 rooms on Jones st; snap 375
10 rooms on California st 350
NATIONAL REAL ESTATE CO.. 3 Sddy St.
M. GRIFFIN, 71» Market et.. room 1. Free list.
New bargains every day— good paying houses.
Over 100; all sizes and jirices; terms easy.
16-ROOM lodging-house: paying; will sell rea-
sonable. Box 235. Call office.
A BARGAIN— House. 27 rooms and full; no
work: cheap rent. Inquire Call offlce.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
COLUMBUS BUGGY CO., clearance sale; low
wheel, rubber tire, road wagon, $80; other
styles et proportionately low prices; suitable
Xmas presents. Markt, nr. 9th., opp. St. Nlch.
FOR sale — Covered box wagon: first -class
order: ready for use: price low. W. F. MUP.-
AFKY, I16S Mission St.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. FGAN & SON', 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camplne wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
NEW & Id-hand wagons, buggies, carts & bar-
nesn. work & driving hor?es. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world-renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice- in all affairs of life. law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a eptclalty; cirs. Sun.. Wed., Fri. ev's:
come and b* convinced. Permanently located
513 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
MRS. J-- J. WHITNEY, test, business me-
dium and life reader; also medical clai*~voy-
ant; treats all diseases at office or by l'Hter;
sitting?, tl. 1164 O'Farrell St.; take Elite car.
MRS. HARRISON— Medium, test. readlngF, see
her clr. Tues. Thurs.. Sun. S58 Mission st.
MME. RUTH, wonderful card clairvoyant, has
returned; fee 25c and 50c. 708 Ellis st. j
MRS. PK GILSON, €14 Jessie St., near; 7th;
circles Tues.. Thurs.. Sun.. 8 p. m.; sit, dally.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
EDW, EABLB. slate writer, removed 300 Ellis,
cor. Taylor; Sunday ni?ht. Pythian Castle.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 235 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyec sittings; convincing tests to-night; 10c
CLAIRVOYANTS. j
MRS. '3'R. F. CLARK, the well-known trance,
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket a'... corner of Golden Gate ave.. room 25
and l£*; take elevator. Perfect satisfnetion
guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for p;»mph-
let wUh special terms.
MME. JORTER. wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second *.lght;
diafmi.<«es disease with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given In all affaire of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
MRS. E. BANDERS. 514 Taylor St.. near Geary
— Clairvoyant. _palmiBt and business medium;
ladies' circle Thurs., 2 p. m.; Fri., 8; cir. 25c.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmlat, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
REMOVED — The great inspirational card read-
er; Trice 25c and 50c; hours W a. ra. till 9 p.
m. MADAME VAN BERGEN, 2JS Fulton St.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
dium; 25c up. 823 Mission, nr. 4th; ring bell.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, ,card reader;
sittings daily. 448V& Jessie st.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh et.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny St., rooms S-10.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-857 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
STANDARD, 213 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated. 25c per pair; carpets cleaned,
3c yd. ; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at Go,
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth Bt.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. B. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth Bt, : tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutler st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'E Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless; consul' n free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'8 Agency— No charge un-
less euccessf ul. Room S10. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
|U— BAY-WINDOW cottage. 4 rooms, bath and
floored basement: cement sidewalks; lot 25x
145; 1 block from business street of city.
Inquire. 2303 Clement ave., Alameda.
COTTAGE, B rooms and bath; gas; large yard;
basement and stable for three horses; if re-
qulred will give lease. 219 Point Lobos ave.
OAK. 1453, fronting Park— Charming cottage, 7
rooms, bath, inlaid floors; rent $37 50. BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
$10— COTTAGE (rear), 4 rooms and attic; gar-
den; water free. Apply 1121*4 Filbert «t.
SS33 TWENTY-FIFTH KT.-Cottage. 3 rooms;
large yard; rent $S.
FOLSOM. 2226— Cottage; 7 rooms and bath;
large yard.
AT~th» EL*TOTB^-DENTA£TcL^n^c7^"Mar^
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
i without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
: S3 SO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON.M.D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizeS for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fUlings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful ee'eret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no Etudents; advice free; prices
i cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants
i DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
vrarrRnted for R> years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings, 50o;
; crowns, $2 50; plates, full set.' $5; all work
I-ainlcBB and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth St.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when ; plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
' from $$ per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
"MAIN Offlce" New York Dental Parlors, 101 J
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN PAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
ELECTRIC light In every room-Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market; 7C0 roorrs
23c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $C per week r
free '"^us and baggage to and frcm the ferry"
WILL rent full-dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Offlce, 25 Stktn.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission St.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.: day
and evening; Individual Instruction, $S per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping a
ehort tim» with expert Tarr. C20 Parrot bldg..
he would not: be wise.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand-If you want to
learn In a limited time, take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room 53, Thurlow block. 126 Kearny St.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st. "
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel South 79'-
made to order; renovated: honest work guar-
anteed : feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty; fine up-
holstery. HOPKE BHOS., 313 anJ 3» Uth st.
LEDEHER niakes a saecinlty of men's and
women s wigs; opera ha!rdre?slnsr up-to-date
2^c only; the very latest. 12S Stockton st '
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery st.
FIRST-CLASS second hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co:
FOR sate— 2 thoroughbred dachshund pups; one
black. 620 Merchant" st.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
B. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
Echool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Pheian building.
WANTED- Young man to make himself use-
ful in oyster house. 2801 Fblsom st.
WANTED— Good second cook; young man pre-
ferred; $10 a week. Pioneer Bakery. 26 4th st.
PRIVATE detective work; r^asonabte rates- li
years experience. J. B. p. AT. r>7 Jessie st.
YOUNG man w th serae moans and best of ref-
erence would like the acauaintanee of a ™d
Klrl: orphan or Working sirl without a hom-
preferred; object matrimony. n ox 427,
HARRY, come home or writ" at~wT- mwv~
thins all ruht. - ' I M t
AN elegsjMt Fischer upright piano: nearly new
cheay. ™01 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
A 2-KARAT stone diamond ring for $S3; worth
double the price. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PERSONALS.
A-100-HORSEPOWER enprlne. boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont st.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter; teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping: full course, $50: catalogue.
A STEADY barber at 209 Larkln st. : wages.
E. P. ROCHE. \
EDUCATIONAL.
WANTED-Dlshwasher. 1024 Hyde st.
BILLIARD tables, balls, cues and racks, com-
plete; dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'Farrell st.
PATEJOS AND PENSIONS.
A ?f7, C^> f r7^fP?Fi C i har i g * u^^«ucc^372r
t.EO. I>. CAMPhELL. Lawryer. Examiner hie
5-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine.
$150. can be seen running . at 623 Golden
Gate ave.
ELDERLY man to work in kitchen few hours
dally. 1224 Point Lobos ave., Geary cars.
FILIPINO horse broke to saddle and harness:
good strong buggy: second-hand wagon and
cart; also St. Bernard dog. Apply 410 Maple.
rALMISTRV.
hTjEROME FO^i^L^LiT^ciTnTlflc^aTrnsrin
Taylor St., bet. Geary and Post; tel. B »ck 5u.
MME. NEERGAARD. 7C0 Post; tel.Tlyde 2332-
hoar* 1 to 5 eve., nn.l S-imtav by appointment*
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
. gines. boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
A FORTUNE for $iCO— The nrat if. S. pat»nt
oil land on the market In 20-acre tracts; neni
for map and experts' reports and particulars*
A. L. WILLEY. 916 Market rl.. S. K\
BUY a brand new typewriter for $S down and
$5 per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
St.; rentals,. new machines, $3 per month.
A— COAL MINERS.. COAL MINERS
".....•...60 more Coal Miners Wanted..'.;....
• •• ....For Gallup, New Mexico
....Superintendent here to-day, last day....
C. R. , HANSEN & CO.... 104 Geary St.
AT C. R.' HANSEN & CO.'S.... ..104 Geary st.
.......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, $75; second cook, $40; railroad eat-
ing house, Arizona. f?ee fare; meat and pas-
try, "cook, $60; broiler. $50; 3 hotel waiters,
country. , $22 50; waiter, family hotel, $30 to
$35;. 6 bell boys and elevator boys? $10, $12,
$15;, 2 neat bell boys, with references, flrst-
class country hotel, $15 and fare paid. ' :- '^
C. R. HANSEN & CO .....104 Geary st.
CYLINDER feeder; steady Job. UPTON BROS..
printers, 409 Market at.
DISHWASHER who can cook short orders;
must be quick; no Sunday work. 39 Market.
BARS, back bars, mirrors. showcases.counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we- always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021, 103 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BOILERS. Engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
KERN River Oil Lands— Proven territory In
the well-known tract of "Grace OH Co." for
sale: also other oil land for sale or lease; most
wonderful oil field known; over 530 feet of oil
sand: buy from owners and save commissions,
have been <in field from start: will give you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON
CARMAN & SOMES. 101 Chronicle bldg.. Sari
Francisco; 416 Dorglas Block, Los JVngeies-
Southern Hotel. Bakersfleld.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receive.3 at Call branch offlce. 2200 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. -^
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants situation
In private family; understands any style cook-
Ing. Apply FRANK MAYA, 923 Sacramento.
dentists:
._._, ,-¦¦.-.- -,,-, . ¦. -1 - -i. -.-.-»-
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and 8un-
da-s. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
BET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. ¦ ~
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices In 8. F. ; painless extraction,
SOc. New York Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
677
ir,Arizona— Fair Monday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Monday,
with occasional showers: light southeast winds.
ALEXAXDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Rain has fallen over the Pacific- Coast from
Ean Francisco northward and a maximum wind
velocity of 3<> miles from the south Is reported
at Portland. • \. . .
Forecast made at Ban Francisco for SO hours
ending midnight November 26, 1900:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Monday, with showers; light south
easterly; wind. ' ¦ • ¦ -i
Southern - California— Cloudy Monday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada— Showers Monday.
Utah— Showers ; warmer Monday.
The temperature has risen over Washington
and Northern Oregon and has fallen . over
Southern California. In th» great valleys of
California the temoeraturea are from * to 9
degrees below the normal.
Th« uressur© has fallen rapidly over the
Rocky Mountain region and southwestward
Into Utah and Arizona. The storm on th» north
Pacific Coast Sunday morning is apparently
moving very slowly eastward.
FORECAST.
San Fraac'.sco data— Maximum temperature,
64; minimum, 50; mean, f 2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
data as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfalls In last 24 hours:
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRAXCISCO, Xov. 25—5 d. m.
Weather Report.
J C Cushman & w, Cal
H C Mclntyre. Cal
K M Morgan & w, Cal
L. Child.", " San Jose —
J Worth. Cal
E T Brittan, Cal
C M Hatcher. San Jose
\Y T Stanford. Cal
A J Cook. Oakland
F Belknap, Oakland
W H Coy, Oakland
G Pacheco, Ignacio
"W M Murray, Sacto
F "Watson. Cal
W H Hammond, Ptlnd
E H Percy, Eureka
J Goldman, Merced
F II Kanser, N Y
II C Cllne, Lcs An?
E L. Foulker, Gaielle
M C Osborn, Mryvllle
W 8 Green, Colusa
Mrs F E Nelson. Cal
G A Black. S Barbara
S A Lee, Santa Barbar
D Cohn. El Kio
C H Poole & w. Boston
G H Stewart. Los Ang
A B Ktewart, Los Ang ,
I J Trainer & w, Cal
O Weiler, St Louis
P Johnson, X Y
PiT.l f*TT.
Mrs J C Llllls. Cal
F M Joeselyn. Boston
E K CamrbeU. Denver
Q B McKee. 8 Jose
A de Rohebroin Jr. Cal
C G Lundblade, Eurek
D C McDonald, Eureka
A Johnson. Coonllle
A A Morey, S Cruz
J H Garber, Balinas
Mrs A Wideman, Cal
M C Clark. Gonzales
F M West. Stockton
A Grumamer & vr Cal
Ci Tlacornia & w, Cal
J B Seykora & w, Cal
J B Chinn, Porterville
W A Cooper, Los Ang
O H Spring. Humboldt
M A Craig, Lower Lalt
J H Ree<l. Sacto
J Gardner, Cal
J Bonnar, Fresno
R S Seibert, Los Ang
A J Hinds. S Cruz
A J Costello & w, Cal
H Isaacs. Los Ang
H E Dickies. Cal
J G Shebley & w, Cal
T It Gibson, Woodlnd
W P Craig, Woodland
PALACE IIOTEL.
F B Beeler. Kans
O E Lawrence, Bkrsfld
C P Braslan, San Jcse
J Xadcn. Seattle
R Anslis. London
T Kerr & w, Portland
E L Langford, Hoston
E M Lion. San Jose
A J Hart. San Jose
A H Atherton, Boston
G E Buftum. St Louis
Viola Gtllett. Chicago
C S Fuller. Chicago
F L Bishop. New York
E Cowles & w. N T
V A Thompson, N T
G T McXealy. S Diego
Mrs E Downs, S Diego
C W TlioniDSon. L Ang
Li Hern. Los Angeles
' T Mansfield, X T
E J Marx, St Louis
P H Sherman. X Y
iMre Lucy & s, Denver
J Marx. New York
P K Cahn, New York
S H Clark & w. Mo
|H M Gillie; N Y
|R Xlnsr, Stockton
)D E>:cles. Osden
|T D Lee. Osden
IT It Cutler. Salt Lake
jj GeoKhecan, Salt Lk
J J Norcora. Conn
E C Karelson. X Y
C H Stonehill. X Y
(Mm Stonshill, X Y
E C Houstoa & w.Hne
. J P Smith & w. LSvrm
.NEW WESTERX HOTEL.
H L Eivens, 111
J Sterrat. Ill
F Sterrat. Ill
G Warren, Petaluma
W R Petty, Washlm?tn
E E Merritt. Chicago.
W J Dlxon. Nome
A Sylvester, Sta Rosa
J G Bergman, Cal
H D Hommett, Sacto
W Gerran, Portland
C A Briggs, Cal
W Burke. Santa Crua
J Ross, lone
W G Barlow. Seattle
J Mulroy, Santa Cms
S W Allen. Seattle
CW Phillips, Portland.
Ed CyRielly, Chicago
J M Irving, Vallejo
M James & w, Boston
GRAND HOTEL
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Same owners with Otto Bchrader (contractor),
architects same— Caat and wrought Iron work
for same on same; 13700.* - /• ¦„.:- •
Same oiraen with O. ; P. W. Jensen (contrac
tor), architects same— Carplater, and mill work,
glazing, hardware, etc,., for. same tn same;
$6600. ¦. ' ' -. ¦
Isabella Levy and Sanford Sachs f (owners)
with M. F. Gale (contractor), architects Sal
fleld:£ Kohlberg— Excavation, brick and gran
ite -work for - a Bix-stor>-\ aa-I basement brick
building on lot en S line of Union Square ave
nue (Morton street). 15 W of Grant avenue.
W «1:J by 8 «0;. $17,700. V -
Same' owner with Henry Hufschmldt- (con
tractor), architect " same— Plumbing, gasflttlng
and sewerage for same on same; $1410;
Hugh McXabe (owner) with. Andrew Dahl
berg (contractor), architect Harold D. Mitchell
—All work for a two-story frame building
(s tore and fiat) on lot on NE corner of Pre
sidio and Baker streets, X 2» by E 94; $2500.
Fabian*. Joost (owner)wlth Valentin Frana
(contractor), architect Henry Geilfuss— Exca
vation, brick work, carpenter, mill and stair
work, glazing, plastering, tinning, roofing for
two two-story frame buildings with partly ftn
i«hed basements on lot on SW corner of Hamp
shire and Eighteenth streets, S 75 by W 100:
$3H2. '¦ : ¦ . - - •*- ;
Builders' Contracts.
Daniel Laird (owner) with Lincoln TJ. Grant
(contractor), architect CL J. Colley — All work
except plumbing, ga« fixtures and shades for
a two-story frame building (stores and flats)
on lot commencing at intersection of W line
of Xoe «treet and 8 line of Market, BW 43. S
M:0%, E XS:3. X 114, M B 115; $5254. :
E. F. and E. M. Ball to Sarah B. Stott, lot
on S line of Buena Vista avenue, 33 E of Wll
lew etreet. E 33 by S 105:2. being a portion of
lets 17 and 18, block 18, lands adjacent- to Eo
cinal, Alameda; $10.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Manuel J.
Pacheco. lot K, block M, on map of Andrew
Jones" subdivision Brooklyn Township, Brook
lyn Township; grant.
Jane C. Jones to Andrew Jones, lot on EE
line of Jones avenue at X corner of lot 5,
block A. on map of Andrew Jones' subdivision
thence SW 3 feet, SE 140, XE 3 feet, XW 140
to beginning, being the XE 3 feet of lot 5,
block A. on map of Andrew Jones' subdivision,
Brooklyn Township; gift.
Francisco C. Thomaa (widow) to Maria Rod
erick (widow), lot 26, block 501. Map of Gib
bons Property at Oakland Point, Oakland;
grant.
Katherlne V. KHnkner (executrix estate
Charles A. Kllnkner) to Carl Jansen, lot 3,
block 10, Herzog Tract, Oakland; $175.
J. V. Badescu to I>u Ray Smith, lot ft, block
C. Sather Tract, subject to deed of trust for
$200. Oakland; S10.
Hiram D. Morris. B. and Emory O. Tuttle
W. R. RadcHfT, Xannie T. Craig, Adella T.
Schloss, J. H., Victor H. and Jessie Tuttle to
same, same, quitclaim deed. Alameda; $10.
Augustus H. and Alice J. Ward to Kats D
Field (wife of Henry K.), lot on W line cf
Paru etreet, 210 S of Bay avenue, W 175 by S
110, being a portion of lots 1, 2 and 18, block
U. Map of Oak Park; also beginning at SE cor
ner of lot above described thence W 175, SW
1S5 to a point on continuation of W line of
Sherman street, thence S S3. E 126 7*» thence
S a little east 1S3.45, XE 357.08, XW 63 to
beginning. Alameda: fo'KJO.
Hiram D, ar.d Morris B. i Tuttle (executors
estate Owen TuttlpJ to Mary E. Tuttle, all In
terest in the following: Lot on XE comer of
Alameda avenue and Oak 6treet, E 50 by X
1C0, being a portion of lot 5. block U, map of
lands adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda; also prop
erty near city of San Jose. Santa Clara County:
$3700.
Frederick J. Ramme, Joseph and Kate Lewis
fby W. S. Harlow. commiv>lor.»r) to Jacob I>»vi
Sr., the X &0 feet of lot 35 and S 30 feet of
lot 37 en Revised Map J. Levi gr. Tract,
Brooklyn Township; JS6L
Alamcda County.
Joseph F. Leve to Joseph F. Leve Jr., lot on
6 line of Broad avenue and XW line of Old
Fan Jose road, W S2:6. S to Old Kan Jose road,
XE to beginning of lot 6, block II, Railroad
Homestead Association; gift.
Frederick H-, John P. and Adeline Cosgrove
to Charles M. and Annie Ruppert, lot on S
line of Army etreet. 100 E of Precita avenue,
S l«6:ft?i, E 25. X 184:5*;, W 25:0»i; $725.
Same to Helen J. Budd, lot on S corner of
Twelfth avenue and L street (South), SE 75
by SW 100, block 247. same; $36.
Mary H. Van Keuren and Alexander McCon
neil (executors estate Robert McConnell) to
John Stumpf. lot on SW lin« of Paragruay
(Fourteenth avenue), 2C0 8E Tazoo (M) street,
SE 23 by SW 100, block 2S3, same; $300.
Matilda M. Hamilton (wife of Joseph) to
Olive Verkouteren, lot on E corner of .Twenti
eth avenue aad J street (South). XE 200 by SE
75, block 3S9. South San Francieco Homestead
and Railroad Association; $10.
Patrick D. FHzpatrick. Thomas Cormacken
and B. R. Keenan (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Joseph B. Keenan. lot on W line
of Eleventh avenue, 125 S of Point Lobos ave
nue. S 50 by W 120; $450.
Central Bonk of Oakland to William D.
Jewett. 1S64 d 15, XW comer of Mission and
Seventh streets, W SO by N 80, reconveyance
deed, consideration to secure advances; $10.
Joshua H. Stallard to Wllanne M. G. Stal
lard. lot on X line of Sutter street, 41:7% E oJ
Taylor, E 22, X 12:6%. E 131%. X 16:3, W 9Ti
inches. X 12:10%. W 22:10^, S 81:8: g-lft.
Cnited States Trust Company of New Tork
(trustee In New Tork under will of Charles
C Hasting*), X. K. Mas-ten (trustee in Cali
fornia under will of said C. C. Hastings), and
William IL Phillips (family sole trustee under
said will) to eaiae, undivided half intereit in
eame; flO.OOO.
Charles H. Hactlsg* to same, undivided half
interest in same; $10.
Orville D. and Millie E. Baldwin to Adam
Grant, all Interest in same; flO.
Lizzie M. H. Holme (Filler) fwire of Leices
ter) to Orvillo D. Baldwin, undivided half in
terest In lot en NE corner of Geary and Mason
streets. X CS:9 by E 92:1; $1.
William W. and Georgia Wilde to Russell
J. Coggreshall. lot on W line cf Battery street.
S7:S N cf Pine. X 45:10 by W 137:6; $10.
Stephen A. and Mary L*. Born to "William
and Emily Connolly, lot on X line of Alvarado
street. ISO W cf Sanchez, W 25 by K Hi; 110.
American Bank and Trust Company to Wil
| liam H. Little, lot on KW corner of Grove and
1 Scott streets. N 30 by W 110; S10.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Lose Their Lives by Explosion of
Boiler in a Lighter.
SAULT STE. MARIE. Mich., Nov. 23.—
"While lightering' ore from the steamer
Ellwood in Mud Lake to-day the forward
boiler on the lighter exploded, kllllng.three
men and severely injuring seven other*.
The dead:
LOUIS CARPENTER.
"WILLIAM McKEXZIE.
RAXKIN, workmen. -
Jack Henderson was probably fatally
injured. A man named Hilder is missing
and is thought to have been blown into
the water and drowned.
Woolen Mills Destroyed. 1
TIFFIN, Ohio, Nov. 25.—Fire to-night
destroyed the Tiffin Woolen Mills. Loss
$100,000.
Professor Nathorst Taking Steps to
Learn, if Possible, Fate of th.e
Balloonist.
STOCKHOLM, Nov. 25.-Professor Xa
thorst has offered a reward of 600 crowns
for each of the remaining ten buoys taken
by the Andree Arctic balloon expedition.
He Is also taking steps to flt out an ex
pedition to search the Iceland coast for
wreckage of the balloon v and also to
Eearch the southwest coast of Greenland
for the same purpose, as he considers this
the only manner in which the fate of An
dree can be learned.
THREE WORKMEN" TTTT f T.ET>.
OFFERS REWARD FOR TRACE
OF ANDREE'S BUOYS
The Vossische Zeitung approves Secre
i tary Game's order suspending the conver-
I sion of the United States bonds on the
i ground that expansion of national bank
I notes, through the conversion of bonds to
I lower interest was oroducing an un
i healthy plethora of money and threaten
| ing excessive speculation.
According to the Frankfurter Zeitung
the syndicate of Franco-American bank
ers who were in negotiations with Swit
zerland«regardlng the ioan for railway na
tionalization broke oft the negotiations be
cause the Swiss Government wishes to
issue the loan in Swiss money and the
bankers want a foreign loan, amounting
to something between 150,000,000 and 300,
000,000 francs.
The shipments of the coke syndicate for
October reached 700,000 tons — 1 per cent
above the shipment for October, 1899. For
October the Income of the Prussian rail
ways was 128,000,000 marks, or an increase
of several million marks upon the in
come for October of last year.
All these elements combined to intensify
the reaction. Domestic Government fun.d=s
remained weak, although the decline in
them v.'as but slight, bwiss railway se
curities were heavily traded in.. Quota
tions for Americans caused Germans to
realize largely on their holdings.
The heavy Americana securities recently
eold in London and especially in New Yoric
changes the bank balances, which, in tha
view of the Frankfurter Zeitung. relieve?
the market here of ali fear or Bold ex
ports. Indeed, this journal considers it
probable that gold will ccme from New
York to pay for securities. Small sums of
foreign gold have been received at the
Reichsbank and the money market at the
beginning of the monthly settlement
shows great ease.
The Cologne Gazette claims to have au
thentic Information that many of the re
cent American offers of iron in Germany
were merely speculative, intended to de
press the shares market.
BERLIN, Nov. 25.— Uninfluenced by the
New York market3 the Berlin Bourse last
week resumed its pessimistic tone in ail
securities which were weak, coal Bhares
being particularly so, and lost all th© re
cent gains. This reaction is variously ex
plained. In addition to the renewal of un ¦
satisfactory reports from the- Iron indus
try the Agrarian proposal In the Reich
stag contemplating a tariff war. with tho
United States and the motion, emanating
from the same quarter, to intensify the
evils of Bourse law, there were depress
ing factors in the general anxiety regard-
Ing the Czar and in the publication of the
estimates of bank dividends, showing
lower returns than those of lv^tf.
Recent Order of Secretary 'Gag« Sus
pending the Conversion of Bonds
Is Strongly Upheld by
German Journal.
Caused by Proposed Tariff
War With the United
btates.
STRONG REACTION
IN BERLIN BOURSE
First Lieutenant Albert E. McCabe of
the Thirtieth Volunteer Infantry has been
appointed an inspector In the Forestry
Bureau.
Particulars have just been received from
Iloilo of the battle, October 30, at Buga
son, Panay, when 200 bolomen. and W
riflemen attacked the Americans, who lost
three killed— Lieutenant H. G. Koontz,
Sergeant Kitchen and Corporal Burns, all
of Company F, Forty-fourth Infantry.
It appears that Corporal Burns was
boloed while reconnoitering and Lieuten
ant Koontz and Sergreant Kitchen were
pierced by spears while going to relieve
an*outpost. When the earrison was at
tacked by the rebels forty -nine of {he lat
ter were killed. None of the other par
ties of attacking natives made much of a
stand and the insurgents lost 103 killed all
told.
Four natives will be hanged at Dagn
pan. Luzon, next Tuesday. They are un
der conviction for arson and murder. The
miytary courts are now returning numei
ous death sentences upon natives.
MANILA, Nov. 23.— The funeral of
Baron Dumarais, the Frenchman -who was
killed by the Insurgents while within
their lines last year, where he had gone
to Intercede with Agninaldo for the re
lease of the Spanish prisoners, took place
to-day In the great church of San Augus
tln in aianlla. Archbishop Chappeile
blessed the remains.
Military Courts In the Philippines
Are Novr Beturning Many Sen
tences of Death. Against
Native Offenders.
Funeral of the Frenchman
-Who Was Killed by
the Insurgents.
LAST HONORS TO
BARON DUMARAIS
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CAJLIi, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1900.
9
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMEES.
FB.EE THJJTKERS CLOSE
''¦nw:itt. ANNUAL CONGBESS
Addresses on Topics of Interest Axe
Made by a I^arge Ntirnber of
Prominent Speakers.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 25.— At the morning
seeeion ot the Congrees of the American
Secular Union and Free Thoug-ht Federa-
tion letters were read from absent mem-
bers. Addresses by Mrs. Henry and Dr.
J B Wilson, the president-elect, were fol-
io-wed by a general discussion. The grand
opera-house was crowds^ during tho af-
ternoon at the Ingersoll , memorial meet-
ing when addresses were made by Judge
C B. Waite of Chicago. Dr. Wllhelmore
of Baltimore^ Mrs. Josephine K." Henry of
Versailles. Ky.; Clarence 8. Darrow of
Chicago, T. B. .Wakeman of Oregon and
others.
The session of three days closed at Col-
lege Hall to-night, when addresses .wer»
made by Dr.- J. ¦ E. ¦ Roberts of ¦ Kansas
dty, T. B. Wakeman and others.
— — ..«?¦'.. — ; T .
Sugar manufacturers In Queensland In-
variably purchase the year's crop of cane
standing, and cut it at their own cost.
OAKLAND HOCSES TO LET. !
/GOOD hous«as. Cet list from GEO. W. AUS- i
TIN' A CO.. IP'S Broadway. Oakland. '
< AULAxa Fdumrmua fou sale:, i
AN '.Ktroductlon to you from H. Schellhaas, the '¦
farr.lfjro d-al'-r. IMh an<1 Fntn^iln. Oakland.
BOOKS FOU
BROADWAT. I4S4— Sunny front room furnished^
sulta.t> fcr t KtattfBwaor light how-rekeeping.
ELIZA KSTU. 12. near Guerrero— 5 furrJshed
rooms tot houieJceeplng; rent J15.
FIFTH W-TX room* furalthed for faouae-
ke*rir.gj_re---t cheap.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. C2— Sussy suite; clean,
corr.rortal>^ E«t» etove; running watir.
HTT'S: <c*— Scrtr.y ea!te. complete for house-
kyp'-ti *"•*¦ '
LARKIN. TC«&-U6ht tar.ay front room; kitchen
with range; bi'.h; ether room.
i!IESION. 10C— Houeck#>ej;ing rooms; also
dcufcle and tingle rooms; reasonable.
OAK. ?1 — To let. lurr»ish««l housekeeping room;
< u al und^wood stove; gas; rurmlnj water.
EtL VER. WX r.ear Fourth— 2 or t rooms Car-
ll1lTn< for housekeeping; cheap.
CLASPIPIED advertlE^meat!' and subscrSrtiona
r«^?fved at C_l branch office. Fiilmore st. ]
A BRANCH olfice fcr Call advertisements aad
euksertptJcaj hea been established at ICSi
X'alencla tt.
CI-rHAPEST and best In Axaerlca— Tho Weekly ,
Ca'.l. 16 pages, sent to any address in tho
T'nited States cr Carutda ose year for $L
;>cstaffe r*id.
ROOMS TO LET Fora, and tnfum.
Ji.— EnxrrCSTriCK; House. :*S Sixth— Rooms 25c
to fl jtr nigh:; II to Ji per week, and Iiglit
houfc-keepir.s ; cpen fell sight.
EEAVER, n— Ttre« c'.ce sunny rocics to rent <
unrurnlEiiefi.
KfP.XETT. :42« Market i.old Xo. 13€4>— Far-
r.:s^ed nns.. suites, tingle; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 14CS— Snnny rocsi. caa ar.d tath. In pri-
vate f airily, $£; no other rocmera.
CI.rFPX>Rr>. 2H Ellis, cor. J^ascn— Elegantly
furnished E'jcsy rooms; prices resisonabia.
ELLJS. f^v-Neat. tKr. desirable rurcished .
rsctts fcr eer.tlerr.er. cr.ly. '¦
GEART, 4-3 (Th^Navarre.i— Elegantly furnished •
res; fuliw or slnsle: travf lersaccocimodated. !
GEART. lZ2*i. — Large minny rocnx furclthed or !
uuturr.'.eh«<L
CJHAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
ar.d IMissios tts. — Sunny rdbmt. en tuite or j
ein^'.e: ladies' rarlcr; rvading-room: elevator.
HAIililSON. TSiH. near 4tb— Tir.ely furnished !
waaay rooms, bath, ail ccnveniences; home- j
like, pr-.vate; tl week up.
HOWARD. CC.1— A n'.ce Eingle susriy front room
for & gentleman to let.
LAS PALMAS, 1S20 Market St. — Suite of 2 or 3
rrr.s.; priv8t«>: bath; sin. nns: board optional, j
ilcCLELLAND. Crt Turk ft.-Chan?t-i hands; j
newly renovated; all rooms facing either j
TurV t Jceps rt. : rrr.t rra.«or.ab:e.
SlIXN'A. ta, comer Eighth— New furnished
lay- window rtxnn, Jl per week; transient.
JCEW AKI.INGTON. 1013 Market EC— Nicely
furr.!shf-d rocnis. J! a Tv*vk up; 25.; a day up.
NINTH. V-Z— 2 sunnr furnished rooms; running |
wsrer, bath, cheap.
NORWOOD, €U Taylor — rurslshe-l sunny
fjites, sir^'.e rocs:s; $2 a •week up.
OCTAVIA. M0J. cor. G?ary— Fumtshel bay-
«"r.dcw; t-un all day; mantel; large for 2.
UTAKP.ELL, T8 rilinii.» furnished rooms and
off.c*?: e>vator: elfctrlc lights; day. wk.. mo.
POLK. IZZ't— Large r.Sce!y furnished cunnr
rorn-.e; etove. bath; very r-e&s^nnhie; private.
P« -?T. 412"-*— Sunny aewly furnished; hot and I
cold water; bath; one or t^ro gentlenien.
I1OVAL House, ITS EUls Et.— Incafidescent light; |
reaiicg-room. erncklng-room and ladies' par-
lor; rotinS, p*r night, SSc to II £3; week. S2 to !
tS: niontls, Z* to tSO; elevator on pround 2oor; ;
r<K>r!ig with hot and ccM rat«r; baths.
r.OSEDALE House. 3!9 an3 "21 E'.iis St.— Rooms
: ip! t 13c to ji. v.>tk ti Zi to U; open night.
EHSBXfAK Apartment House, 'Ji Eighth st.,
near :..'a:-k< -t— Furnished cr unfumi«h»»d.
FIXTH. 176— r-jm:?hei suite cf rocrr.s. rottaMt !
r-.r business; privliege of light housekefpin.T. I
THIHTIKTH. IT.—: nice canny furrJfhed I
room* to let; fine view; private faniUy.
TI'EK. 125— Fiim!!«hed room, eultable for. fen- I
!>m*n, *3 month.
T T T-5:. S'_;— Large suT.ay room, also frost I '
room; rra tw, rur.r.ir.g water, gas. bath.
CLASSIFIED a<ivertl5eir.ents and Bub?cr'.ptior.i !
received at Can branch oZflee, Fillmore et. j
A BRANCH office fcr Call a<lverti>"-~,?rst« ana
KUtncTipUcsa has be«n «tabiif!.^ i at IOC'S i
st.
C:'E:APEST ani b*?t In America— The- Weekly
Cb'A. U ps.»e«. sent to any adlre?s in the j
Ur.itei States cr CsLna2a cne year for Jl, '•
rc«*arp x aid.
- ¦ i
ROOMS A\D BOARD.
SELECT family hct»l; sew Interior: three epi-
cal <;;r.r.ers wttkly; rates to establish. S.T
Cal'.fcrzla et.
HOARD and rocrnx at <15 First it., near Har-
rircn.
ROOMS \VA\TED.
WANTED — Thre? tutiiUUtA houseke»3lngrocm« |
b?- Z r.ttM'r.r: t'.i. X~x 4ZZ. Call effice.
SPECIAL \OTICES.
PAD tenants ejected for *4: collections jnafle- |
r.ity <^r CWUltljr. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.. !
4\~, Mn*-tcv>rnery st.. rr^rrar t- 1#; t<". 55S<)
• •¦ i •
BEWUKG SIACOIXES AXD SUPPLIES. \
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT. eoM, rented, repaired; r.f-edles and
Btattln; reflacefl ra?e«. HZ Cth: rhone Mint 5. ! •
ALL kir.-ls boujrht. sold and repa'ring guaran-
'"'i. <"'rar>« flarr.bg^k. 1S-I5 ?Iisslon. nr. 15th.
STOUAGE AXD WAREHOISES.
BEKIXS Van aa-1 Storage Co.. 722 MissiotTstT;
teL Matn 1*4?; r-h'.r-pir.g at cut rates.
V.'ILSON BROS., etorage ar.d moving; covered
var.s. Ter.rh and Market; phone South TS2.
PACIFIC Ftorape »nd Furniture Moving Com-
Tfry. T,y- ViWrr.'-r*- a=t. : phone J«<-ks-»n 281. .
TYPEWRITERS AXD Sl'I'PLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS^We !
Eell b»tt»-r rr-arhines for les» money than any j
hout* In the city: rental*, f3. The Typewriter
Excharyre, CDS California; telefhoce Main 264. !
AX.WATB harpalns ia typewriters; any make. ;
Write for pries to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
*?0 Mor.tfinfr)' et.
SLOT MACHINES.
EOvTGHT ar.d sold; cew and eecend-hind; large
£isp!ay: very chean. lirr Mark«t.bet. 7th & ith.
COPARTXEUSHIP XOTICES.
THE partnership heretofore existing between !
R. E. COLE and W. T. MUIiPHr. livery
«••. ! - ke*p*«. at 24S Third it., haa been dU- :
sclv«d. . W. T. MURPHY has succeeded to i
the partnership boilawsi and will assume all j
< ".'• ¦• r. i.r.% Indebtedness, collecUng acd pay-
lr_g the sarae. Dat-d Kan Francisco, Novem-
bor 22. W. W. T. MT-RPirV.
D1VIDEXD NOTICES.
D1V1DKND Notice— Di\-lciend No. ~~VA (fifty j
cents t*r chare) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company ¦will be payable at the ofKce of th«
compariy. ZTi Karket »t_. en and after Satur-
day. Dtc«r.ter 1, 1*00. Tranffer bocks will
c.c*e en £*turday. November 24. 15^, at 12 m.
E. H. FHELDON. Secretary. .
PBOPOSALS. ~ i
£II« WANTED— Notice la hereby given that
•estled proposals will be received by the Board
of Direvtuf of the Veterans' Home of Call- .
'^r.ia, »t tt» offlce, rocm 13. 820 Fansome «.,
PtJi Francisco, Cal.. up to 10:20 o" clock a. m.,
katur&ay, December S, 1850. and opened
gntntftitttfy thereafter In the presence of bia-
C-n, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master ana comznlEsarr supplies fcr the Vet- !
*raa« Honr.e. :-..-.[.» County. Cal. (railroad eta.- i
tion Totintvi!l«). for eix months commencing
Janury 1. 1S0L and eadinir Jaue 30. 1*01. Sched- '
u 'tL,T;, i S"" jTrD * xiua and tnstnictUKJS tor 1
cobrslatrr fc<<jj. win be fornlshed upon appll- .
11 * K tLe uni i*rEigned. Bidders will care- 1
¦rJ/i:?* *S e of the schedules. ,
accordance with men schedules. Each bidder i
mu« acoompany his tld wlU» a eertlSed check
££? h^S. 7r\ 11 "H ng , T - a aRd reewasibU bank- )
•.mount ot his tld. ne.> a ble to C. Mason
1 - 5?? <5! "^«J that tie McTer <
,{j?«f .™* ROOd * cd vlUI<1 «>«ra« upon <
E2Si SaJS'^^J* «««»«x«« by law. The
beard re»*r»es the right to rej«^t _y or all 1
iS"JS?.5 fi ed ny """v -«• « «-«¦
Addr«« J. J. 8CO\-rns t Eecretary Board
ZrXT'SZ, % *£, \ itf^^ Hereof cl»;
fcrnia, room 12. 223 Sansome et Ban Fran-
cisco, C*L By order of the Board cf IMrec-
tora. J. J. B'JOVIliErLcreiry!
Telephone South 247.
/V»crtVO"V dt CO..
FUNEiRAL DIRECTORS & EilBALMERS,
. 1223 Market st., between ftb and Sth.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. ;
>., Steamers leave Broadway
W. wharf. San Francisco:
V^>^ Fcr Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m..
psffiSiV Nov. 2~, Dec. 2. Chanse to
ji5>f£^»jsk company's siearr.tr« at Seittl".
l»twvP for Vlc -^ ria - Vancouver <R.
f^ftSf^jSSil C.), Port Tcwnsend, Seattle,
Ex3JAT!<-^CTtl Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes.
C^^^gj&rtyn and Kew Whatcom (Wash.) —
11 a. m.. Nov 27.* Dec. 2. and
every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m.. Nov.
24. 29. Dec. 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 i a, m. :
steamer Santa Roea. Sundays. 9 a. a
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cajru-
cos. Port Harford iSan Luis Obispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenerne, Saa Pedro.
East San Pedro (Lcs Angeles) and Newport —
Steamer Corona. Fridays, $ a. a.; steaaisr
Bcnita. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Ma?dalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
Fcr further information obtain company"*
folders.
The company reserves th* right to change
iteamers. sailing dates and hours of Balling:
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Paiace Hotel}.
GOODALL. PERKINS 4 CO.. Gen. Agent*.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & R. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Epear-itreet Wharf at 19 a. m.
CADC SI2 First Class Including Berth
InnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Nov 24, Dec 4
GEO. W. ELDER sails Nov 23
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all DOlnta East.
E. C. WARD. General Anent.
630 Market «t.
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. .m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with stsamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on beard on day
• of •aiiinc.
SS. NIPPON MARI7
Thursday. Decembers. 1300
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. December 29. 150O ¦
Via Honolulu.-
S3. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday, January 24, 1W
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
4tl Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
HI V TOSS. SCCTHA 3i?T0K. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. mi
Kensington. ...Nov. t% I Southwark D«c. »
St. Louis Dec. 5 St. Louis D«o. »
New Tork. Dec 13
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp. »
From New Ycrk Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington Nov. 28 I Southwark Dec «
Noordland Dec 5 I Westerniand...Dec 2S
Friesland Dec. IS I
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery st Or any of Its agents.
eeeaales.sxo.|ss
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Monday. December 8. 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Tuesday. December 4. 4 p. m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. Dec. 12. 9 d. m.
J. 0. SPSECXEIS& BEOS. CO.,AgiJ.,Tic!;e{ CSsl143 fcrfct St
freight Offiee, 327 Harta St., Pier la. 7, Pa'fo St.
C0MPAONIE GE5ESALB T2AKSATLAjrnaUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -a-^,
Sailing every Thursday, instead of ity/jSj*
Saturday, from November 2, 1SOTA at -idw^KtJ
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Mcrton strceL First-class to Havre. 155 aad
upward. Second-class to Havre. S42 SO and up-
ward. GENERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson
building). New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO..
Pacific Coast Agents, & Montgomery avenue.
Pan Frar.clsco.
/^"^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JL^^f^a 629 HEARST ST. Established
i '!*!»**• tS 1 ' 1 1*»3* for the trpatmpnt of I'rivate
Vi I y^.'jBSf Disease?, Lost Manbood. Debilitv or
> Hr«y*Jni jSkdlvase wearinjron body ami mind and
te3t5??*?**-3 : * k ' n Diseases. The Doctnrcures when
< 3' >tnors '""• Trv llin! - Charges low.
i>;43Mjt><£3<'»re« Euaranlrrd. Cftil or write.
Dr. J. I*. U IB BOX, Han Francisco, Cat
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
L«mv« Mark«t-«tre«t F«rry DtpoC
Lve. Ban Franclsoo.t S:0O a m 4:19 p m 1:00 p ra
Ait. Stocktca U:30 p m 7:li p m li:CS p a
" M«rce4 »:« P m Ua am
" Fresno - 4:23 p m »:« a n*
** Vlsalta ........ (:0d p m 4:&9aja
•• Tulare «:M 9 m 5:10 a m ;
•» Hanford J:U P m 7:M a m
*• Bakersfield ... »:S0.pm 1:10 a m
•• Denver 10:00 a m ¦
•• Kansas City... 5:15 p m
- Chicago 7:40 am
9 a. n. train is the Overland Express. Corre-
¦pcndlng train arrives at * p. ra. dally.
4:10 p. m. la Stockton , Local. Correspond tna
train arrive* 11:05 a. m. dally.
1:00 p. a. Is Fresno and Bakersfleld Express,
with Sleeping Cars tor both cities. CofTtspca4«
teg train arrives at S a. ci. dally.
OFFICES— «41 Market it. and In Ferry D«poS
Eata^Zraacisco; 11U Broadway. Oakland,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco. 1 via SatisaUto F-wry:
WEEK DATS 3:15 a. m. ; 1:A5 and 4:00 p. m.
SCSDATS 8:00, 10:00. ll:a> and 1:13 p. m.
Fare-, r?aa Francisco to Sosunlt and P.etum,
11 46.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices, 621 Market St.. Sausallto Ferry.
AUCTION SALES
GRAND AUCTION SALE
THOROUGHBRED
YEARLINGS
From th« SONOMA STOCK FARM. JAME3
B. CHASE, Prep.
And from the KAPA STOCK FARM. A. B.
FPEECKELS, Propu
TUESDAY EVENING, NOV. 2T,
CcEmenclng at 7:lo.
OCCIDENTAL UO/.SE EXCHANGE,
721-733 HOWARD STREET.
"WM. G. LATNO. Proprietor.
These yearlings are exeeed!ns!y well-fcr*d.
and are related to many renowned raeehorses.
They ar« now at the salasyart). Catalcgties
ready.
EAILBCAJ) TBAVEL.
Mii:T>!i:K<r r*i:iric CMMm.
(rtctria <i*t«m.>
Trains l»m* «•¦•» »r» dn* !• jtrrl t • at
<!.> flt».Ml«»« t».
(Main Lute. Foot ot Uarnet 3tr»el)
Ibatb — Fbok Sonnsit r. 1900. — »i«n»
*7tO*4 Benicl*. nuiatin, Eiaiira. V»c»»ll>.
Kusvsrjr tad >»cr»aiont<) *7:l5f
! »7iO»a Shuu Eipreas— Daru, WUlfams (fo»
ButlstS SpricciX WUlowa. lied
Bluff. PorUAcd. •7J43P
i «T:3»a V*ttlu«z. !»a Uaiaoa.Y*U«jo. X»»«.
l > «lls!rj»»a.lK«aaBm« ••il-1r
•S:«Oa D»t<a, Woodiaad. Kn!»'hts L»niinj.
UiDSTii.e. Orofllie. *7l«Sr
•»i#«» Atlaatio r.xprMS—Oc-fea aod Ea4J •*:!3r
•*&mx2i2i*, Llitnzon. Inqr. LAthrep,
Suxxtoa TilS*
•»i4o» Ami Joh, Uvarawre. Stockton.
lone. -tacTAuieuto, F!*ccr»iUo.
M»rj«»nie. Cblco, lit 1 »".iii;I Miiar
••it** O»kdaK Chinese, ssonor*. Carters... M«l3r
•S:*O« Haj *\r in. Niitt and Way 8utious. *l 1:434
•9:O»a Los An«ei«« Expi«3« — Martluea.
Tracy. LKUiro^. Stock wd. M*«a«d
Freauo aud Loa Aogvlca *T>ISp
•9-.3«» VU.- ¦•.'. Mutin<-s«ii.i War H;*kion« •»:»»?
I '1 »:«o» Tha OrerUntl Ltatted— Osdco, Baa-
fet, Omat*. CMcajj *«i43p
• -11 ton k Nile*. Stock tea, t*aiia*ato, >!?»•
Jut*. Frt*ao. Ilaofoid, VlaalU,
PoruinUle Mil»»
) 11:U* IjY-rao-e. Sangrr. Goalira Jan*- *
tton. Bakersfleld. La» Angola*
tl:**r 9aerameBCo Ki>er dteamer* tii»«*
•it:OOr Hsywir.U, Nile* and W»y StaUon*. *Sl43p
•l:u<» r M.rtii.fr. Hau Ramon. Vallejo,
N * i»». C»li»u.i«. • »u ta lieu •»• 1 » •
•lioar Benlda. Winters. Sacrat»«nlo.
WouiIIsikI. Kui.hU Landing.
JJ»rj»»l'.le. <>ro»il!« "•••¦¦•
•4i.inr niywarda. Mie* aud Han Jom !•»•»«
•3:«Or Nile*. Llrermcre »cd Stock4na •1««43.4
o.5:00? Baniet Limited, El P»». 5s»
Oileassand Kaat elo:13»
•3:«*rThe Owl IJmiwd— Tracy, txtaao.
BakenllalJ. a.».i*-ia fur cUute Bax-
tui, Lea Ancxlea. M»;IS»
•5iO»r New Orlran* Exrress— llaket»««M.
H*:iU Barbara. LirfiAntMea. U-m-
lug. Kl PaM, Ne* Orleaos and
Ea.» T««.
••i«Or HiiBcdj, Nile* aud SUa Jo*» *7tt->a
? Oiour Valleio »II>43*
•t.dOrOrMU! Man— Osdaa. C3»eyenn«.
I Omaha, CUiesea # »s43*
•<J:OOr Or!eital M-ii-Ogdea, Denver.
Osaha. Chlauro. » MsISr
•1:»»r «jrr< u vil Califi>ru!a I'.xvr.-m. s«o-
r*ma»it». M«rj»»i!l-. U».I.Ilii(.
Vor'.'.mn.l. r»««t S0111.J anil lUak *S:I5»
•StaSrSaa Pablo. Pis Oo«ta, Martlaos
ami W»i .is»:l-jns '11:43*
t8:03p Vail-}.. ni:!3<i
COAST IllVIMO^ tfarron (.an««). .
tTout <>l U-<rkgl Strac>.i
•eilS* Sewar».*Vi>t.«»lilr,Haii.lc««, Ku«»..».
BonlderCReli.8autaCiHsaiMl Waf
HUtiuiis •*&•*
j tS'lSr Ktvack Ceutervm*. Hm» Jam, New
Almit>lea. tViicu, l!i>uMer Creeik,
Sauta Crux »o i l'riD«l?al Way
St»t2o»a tl4»»»o*
MilSf Nanark. Kan Jew*. Lea Gatos •»:.-»«»
¦ll:43r Hnnt«n' Exsarston, 9aa Jr§» aad
WayhUtioBs |7i»»f
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Tf* 111 r«15C:Si2 — r»»l •' ¦»'«•! UniliSii) li —
•7:13 «:00 ll:0O». M. tl:53 *2:33 tl.=3
•|;C3 |5::a •t:Z7r.n.
: ffi»ouu«— r»M»'Sr»ii»iT.— -0:00 *co io.oo».».
j 112:23 *1;H 12:C3 »3=:3 UM 'iZZr.u.
COAST DIVISION (Broad C,*ng f ). .->.
(ThlrJ Townagtut 3Ml)
14iIOa Ocean View. South .tan fimnctmso.. fiTaop
*7:O»a H*:i Jow ami Way SUtiitta lN»»
Almaa»ti W«ln««<Iajsoul]r) •l:4i>r
•»i«o» Hau J—=. Trca fiuoa. *<u-a+ Crm.
Paeltie Crotv. Faait K..i.'ei. Haa
J.iiii Di-wi'ii. hurt. lAjtnpoc aud
rrincitml Vimr .S(.itl.m» •4:l«r
•¦•>€¦* Baa .!.•»« aud Way Stations •«::«»
•I li3O* Han Jois ami Way SUtiona *3i50p
f*sl5r S.ti Mit-o. K;dwco<!. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. rautaCUr*. ¦San Jnaa^
Trea Plaoa. Amu tru. Sailsaa.
3ioistsrtrya.nl l'ailSc Grova fH»i"H»»
I falser San JoMiod Way Si*Uo*>a •T:3Or
I H:l5rSaaJo»«aMdPrlnclpaJ WaySUtkwa *«t43»
tSioerSan J.h., I/}* Oatca aad Principal
Way stations «9:0i»»
•3>SOpSaDJi>Maa4PHBe<pal Way StatkMaa **:35«
•fi3itrSuJoMUi'.l Way Stations ?<•:••««
«ll:45r San Joenml Way Station* *7:ai>r
A for ilcruinj. - P for Afiernwon.
• Dally. t »nn<iay exerted. t o-iaiay om'j.
a MosJit*. Wednesdays. Fridayt.
* Tondaya. Thiui*i37J. £andaja>
A Hat^iT f 1-*y ouij^
CALIFORNIA NGBTHWESTEEN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBUROX FERP.Y-FOOT OF MARKET ST.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:S0. 9:C0. 11:00 a. m. : 12:35. *:».
5:10. «:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at tUH
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:30 and
11:30 r- m-
SUNDATS— S:OC. 9:39. 11:00 a. ra.; 1:30. J:30. J:00.
«:M p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:50. »:*>. U:W a. m.; 12:43.
IAQ. 5:1!) p. m. fiatorday*— Extra Uipa al 133
ar.d 6:33 p. m.
SUN DATS— 8 :10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. S:40. 5:03.
<:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco aad Schuetzea Park.
lime schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect I Arrtv*
San Francisco. ! Nov. 7. 13W. ' Saa Francisco.
Week I Sun- | I Sun- I Week '
Days. ( days. ( Destination. [ days. | Days.
7:30 am! 8 :C0 ami Novato, 10:4ft am! S:40 am
3:30 pm »:30 am Petaluma. S: 1 i pm;10:2S am
i 5:10 pm< 5:00 pm! Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| t:Z2 pm
Fulton. j
7:39 am Windsor. 10:S aaa
HeaMsburs,
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
3:30 prr. 9:00 am Cloverdaie. 7:33 pa (:23 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland I I
[ 8:00 am! and Uklab. f 7:35 pm; *:U pm
7:30 am! j 110:23 am
i 3:00 am; Guernevllle. 7:3S pm!
3:S0 pm] I I «:22 pm
7:30 am! ?:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
1 f and
5:10 pm! 5:Copm! Glen Ellen. l:Spa 4:22 pm
7:30 ami S:CO am; 110:40 amlOiIS am
S:30 pmf 5:C0 pm! Sebastopol. | 7:35 pmj »:22 pm.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
fcr Altrjria: at Lytton fcr Lyttcn Springs; it
: Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverd*!*
! for the G?y»ers; at Hopland for Duncan
i Springs. Highland Sprlnss. Keiseyvllle. Carls-
S bad SrrinS3. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
i Springs; at Ukiah for Vlccy Springs. Saratoga,
Springs. Elue Lakes. Laurel Deil Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pcrr.o. Potter Valley.
Jor.iJ Day's. Riverside. Lierley's. Buckae!'"s,
1 Sanh»drin Helahts. Hullville. Orr'» Hot Springs.
Mendccino City.- fort Bras?. \V>stport. Usal.
Wlllets, Leytonvlle. Cumminss. Ball's Springs.
Harris. Olsena. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Kafafl at half rates.
Ticket oifice. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bu!M-
Inr. H. X. RYAN. I
H. C. WHITIXO, O?n. Pass. Ast.
Gen. Mar.arer.
NORTH PAGiFIG GQAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausaltto Ferry.
CommenclEi September 30. 1300.
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— «:53. *9:13. U:C« a. m.. "1:45.
3:15. 4:C0, 5:15. H:1S. €:40 p. in.
EXTRA TRIPS— Fcr Mill Valley aad San
Rafael on Monday*. Wednesday* and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:O. *10:rA\ •11:3ft a, m., "1:13.
J:t3. «*!:45. •:». 9:00 p. in.
Trains marked (•> ran to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:». •«:». 7:45. ,9:30 a. ta..
•12:30. 1:43. *3:50, 4:30. 5:20 D- m.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at «:45 and VV.2O p. us.
SUNDAYS— «:20, *S:CO, 10:C0. 11 ;B a. m..
•1:«, *;:13. 4:45. »S:S) p. m.
Trains marked <*V start frcm San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO PAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 3:43. «:45. 7:55. 9:30 a. m..
12:35. 2:10. 3:3«. 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
EXTR.V TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. ra.
SUNDAYS-3:C5. ,10:05 a. m.. 12:C5. 1:15. »:».
5:C0. «:45 v. ra.
THROUGH TRAINa
6:iia. m. -week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Totnales aad way sta-
tion*.
S:iV» » tn, Sunday*— Tomales aad wnj sta-
tions.
(Successor to Flarnagan & Gallacher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Uzt.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3,
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln ScHool.
Telephone South EO.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
Cn7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her rranaparents, Clark etreet. San Lean-
dro thence to St. Leander's Church for eer-
vicee. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. San
ilateo County, by train leaving San Leandro
at 10 £5 o'clock, end electric funeral car from
Market-street depot. San Fraaclscot at U:45
o'clocfc
LOFTUS — la this city. November 23, 1900, Ann,
beloved wife cf the late John Loftus. and
mother of Tessle and John Loftus. Mrs. M.
Gilmore and Mrs. N. Phillips, a native of
County Roscommon, Ireland.
C^y Friends and acquaintances ore respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:N o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 241 Riehland avenue, oft Mission road,
thence ta St. John's Church, formerly Old St.
MarVg Colleee. Mission road, where a re-
QU'ein high mass will be celebrated for the
repoee of her soul, commencing at 19 o'clock
IntPT-raent Hoi;- Cross Ostr.etery.
MAXWELL— In Sonoma, November 24. 1X0.
Mrs. C. L. Maxwell, wife cf the late J. M.
Maxwell ani mother of George H.. Huch G.
and Amy J. Maxwell, a native of Knoxville.
111., azed 67 years. -¦;-'
t^TFur.eral services at Sonoma this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland, to-morrow (Tues-
day), at 10:3> o'clock.
MEINCiCB— In this city, November 25. 1900.
Frederick, beloved husband cf Mary Ann
Me'ncke, ar.d father of Fred J.. Katie A..
Gertie E., Hattia A.. Albert P.. Eva, Ralph.
Charlie and Grace Meincke. a native cf
BrVmervoerde. Germany, ajred JI years 3
months and 9 days. A member of Confidence
Lodte No. 22S2. K. cf H.
ESTrtends and acquaintances are respect-
ful'y Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesdav). at 1:23 o'clock, trczti his late resi-
dence, <t:S Mission street (Five-mile House).
Interment Cyprus Lawn Cemetery.
MEININGKR — This day (Monday), at 8
o'clxk In St. Ignatius Church, a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repos*
rf the soul of Mrs. Fannie Melninsrer (nee
DufTv) who died November 25. 1S99, in New
York City. Friends are respectfully invited
to attend.
MURPHY— In th!« city. November 25. 1300. Jo-
seph J beloved son of Daniel and the late
Marearet Murphy, a native of County Cork.
Ireland, a=ed 27 years.
cfyFri?r.-is ami acaaa'.ntances ar« respeet-
fuily Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Tu^dav) at 5:20 o'clock, from th^ residence
r>f fcVaunt. Mrs. John O'Nell. 2162 Seven-
teestli street, thence to Mission Dolores
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
b<? celebrated for the repose of hie soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cerretery. by electric funeral car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero ctreets.
MURPHY— In this city, November 25, 1900.
Matthew B., beloved husband of Mary Mur-
Ihy and father of James E. and Ramund
Murphy, a native of Ireland, &g*4 60 years.
¦VOnRIS— In this city. November 24. l&OO, Dell
Ella, beloved daughter of John and Augustln*
Norrfs. a native of San Francisco, aeed 3
months and 25 days.
STAPLES— In this city, November 25, 19C0,
at h»r residence. 10S Clara avenue, Mary A..
beloved wife of the late George F. Staples,
mother of Lyman D. Staples. Mrs. J. M.
Frederick and Mrs. George T. Austin, and
grandmother of George A. Hunter, a r.ativ-
of Vermont, ajed E7 years 1 month and 23
days. (Batavia and Elva. N. Y-. papers
plea*e ccpy.)
E7-FTi»nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
A W Martin & Co., US Geary street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
C5"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents
residence, 1U5 Harrisoa street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOW NET— In this city. November 24. 1900.
Mrs. Hannah Downey, beloved sister of Mrs.
J. Costello. and aunt of Mrs. G. Wheaien
aad Mary, Har.nah and Catherine Costeilo. a
native of County Gal way. Ireland, aged €5
years.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral this day
<M"*nday). at 8:3,1 o'clock, from the funeral
parl-irs of Theodor Dlerks. undertaker. So7
Mission itreet, between FUth and Sixth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church. Tenth street,
where a nolemn requiem mass wiil be cele-
brated for the repose cf her soul, commenc-
ing at S o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DUNN — In this citv, November C3, 1SC0, Lizzie
J., beloved wife cf John Dunn, and mother of
Frank and John W. Dur.n. a native of Mas-
sachusetts, aged ti4 year* 7 months and £5
days.
E3Tuner&l to take place from Porter -t
White's undeitatias pariors, L"2*Eddy street,
this day (.ilouday). at 10;30 o'clock. By train
to Holy Cross Cemetery.
HURD— In Saa Jose. November :3. 1900, Charles
EX Hurd. beloved eon of Charles ar.d Jennie
Hurd. end brother of Mrs. William Lyon and
Mrs. Nellie Hurd. a native of San Francisco,
ajed Zt ytars.
JORDAN— In this city. November "4. 1200, Wil-
liam M. Jordan, a native of Ireland, aged 70
ytars.
rr7The funeral will take place this day
(Jlcndav), at 4 o'clock, from the parlors of
JIcAvoy & Co.. 1223 Market street, thence to
Et. Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth and Church
ftrec-ts, where a requiem mas3 will be cele-
brated for tas repose of his eoul. commenc-
ing at S o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
LANGFORD— In Ean Leandro. November 23,
l»0, Kathleen Ethel, beloved and oniy daugh-
ter of Lucv M. and the late Thomas R. Lane-
ford, a native of Saa Leandro. aged S years
11 months tnd 4 days.
E7"The taceral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at i:3) o'clock, from the residence.
H\ CUeetnut street, thence to £t. Francis
Churrh. where a requiem mass wiil be cele-
brated for the reix>se of her soul, commenc-
ng at 10 o'clock. Interment private. 1? i
DELEHANTY— In this city. November 23.' 1900,
Marguerite, beloved daughter of John and
Elton Delehanty, and sister of Mamie. John
and James l>eiehanty. a native of San Fran-
c:eco. aged 1 year S months and 1 day.
C7"Xotiee cf funeral hereafter.
CAN XING— In this city. November 24. 1S00. at
th? residence of her daughter. Margaret Can-
r.:t;, beloved mother or Mrs. Elizabeth Lacy
ami Joseph Canning-, a native of Londonderry.
Ireland, a^ed SO years.
ADAMS— In the City and County Hospital. No-
vember 25. 1S0Q. Emma Adams, a natlv» of
Maine. s»e<i 63 years.
UOTHMANX-In this city, November 24. 1300,
Krtd Bothmann, dearly btloved son of Louisa
an I Frederick Bcthtnann. and beloved brother
o£ Henry Bcthniana. Mrs. Elizabeth Anchick.
Mrs. Mar>' Luie.T.ann. Mrs. Thonjaa F. Mitch.
e!l ar.d Mrs. William. F. Strand, a native of
San KranciECo. at<*d 32 years and 20 days.
(Philadelphia. pai>ers please copy.)
CyFrien.is and acqucintaaces are rerpect-
fu!!r invited to attend the funeral this day
at 2 o'clock, from his law resl-
denoa. 1237 Tcrk street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth street*. Interment
Oyrre«s Lawn Cexoetery. by carriage.
BRADLETY— la this city. Nlvember 25. 1900.
Er'dcet. belaved wife of Charles Bradley,
bmI mother of Mrs. Nellie Mattocn ar.d the
late Thomas, Charles. Annie. Owen aad Mich-
ael Bradley, a native of County Donegal, Ire-
land, a zed €6 years.
BRADY— In this cl:y, November 25, 1900. Julio
Loretto, beloved daughter of Matbew and
Emma Lr,uls» Brady, a native of Saa Fran-
cisco, aged 9 months.
BORMAN— In this city. November 25. 1900.
EdltJi Virginia, beloved wife of K. M. Bor-
min, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. R. K. Bower.
and ulster of Cora M. Caxne-nter and Leo A.
Bcwer, a native of Illinois, a«ed 22 years 6
month* ar.d 3 days.
DIED.
Aduma. Emma Jordan. TC-llliam iL
Borroin. Edith V. . I^angford. Kathleen
Bothciaxn. Fred I>3ftus, Ann
Brai!?y. Bridget Maxwell. Mrs. C. U.
Brady. Julia L. Meincke. Frederick
Canning:. Marraret MelrUnrer, Mrs. F.
I>elehanty Mariruciit* Murphy, JOBepn J.
Dtnuey, Mrs. H. Murphy. Matthew B.
Dunn. Lizzie J. Norrls. Dell E.
Hurt. Charles B. Staples. Mary A.
NUMBERS
BENEFiGENCjA PUBLIGA
City of Mexico, November 22, 1900.
No. Prize. No. Priae. No. Prlxe.
203 .. 20 313 20 429........ »
680........ 20 793 20 8« «»
*» 100 10wT 600 1050 45
"33 40 1574 >. 40 1662 40
1701 „ 20 1767 20 1737 2>)
1871. « 1S32 £) 1953 «
W3 ;o 2027 IOC 20S7 20
2046 20 2075 20 2248 100
23S3 201 2433 20000 2456 20
2486........ 40 2431 40 2512 20
256* 100 2572 40 2732 2W
290C... « ZiOi.. 20 304) 20
3100 4) 8114 20 3171 20
3327 20 S512 40 S323 «
S552 _ 20 3372 40 3S95. *>
3798 4) 3SS7 40 3*67 40
4154 20 4273.. 20 4497 40
4601 200 4607 20 459S *>
«S5 40 4317. ....... 40 5105 100
5215 20 5222 40 5:37 23
5251 20 5238 20| 5372 20
5424 100 54$4 20 5663 20
5632 20 5714 40 5832 20
5385 20 6122 20j 6146 »
6197 1000 62S3 100 6343 20»
6i5D 40 6560 20 6SU) 20
6753 20 6S33 100 6333 «
€835 20 6«73 20 7008 20
7o»7 20 7173 3) 7314 41
7333 10J 7450 10O 7505 20
7511........ 100 7532 20 77S1 20
7943 20* 8043 2Q8C/76 29
8342 200 S53S 20 8S32 - 40
&0&3 20 9317 20 9330 20
9348.. 40 9JS4 20 8397 100
9W4 20 9133 40 9594 20
»627 100 9652 20 9670 20
9703 20 9740 20 9783........ 20
; 9S23 40 9S12 20J10O72 »
10173 45 10242 20 11)472 20
10654 20 105S1 20 10-393 40
10603 20 10840 20 10S41 20
11003.. 100!11109 20 11152 10O
11168 • 20J1U75 1C0 11325 20
11433 100 11452 20 U4M 40
11493 20111595 100 11S37 20
11S03 20 11371 40 1203 20
12099 200 12133... 20 12613; 20
12656 100 12717... 40 1272S 20
127S7 20 12334 20J13013. ....... 49
13097 20|13127 1C0 13142 43
13145 2013159 20!l3131 40
1KS5 20 1SM9 20)13645 23
13794 20 13820 4>|14316 100
14445 200 14540 40 14341 20
14632 20 1486S 2)14954 100
14371 2015143 40 15223 20
15320 40 16321 50 13SM »
159S3 4015939 1C0 16127 100
1S123 20 161SS 20U5457 20
15500... « 16567 20J16679 ." 100
1S716 40 16947 20 17123 4-0
174S5 20 17644 100 17655 200
17762 100 17S33 2017940... »
17971 20J1S053 20 1S219 20
18342 !O|18290 20J1SS29 20
166S0 100 19C30 40J19043 100
19114 20119470 40I19M0 «
19618 20 19634 2O'l96S5 20
1S813 10OOl»C*» 20|20077 20
20115 20 20249... 20120319 100
203S3 20 20424 2Oi2O458 SO
20513 10O52O5S1 40'20533 20
20636 45120641........ 20120643 20
20S65 20 20718 20(21027. .1 20
21043 20'21079 20 210S4 «
21229 ;. 25121431 20 21437 20
21S17 4') ! 21952 20 219S5... 40
22161 41:22213 20(22341 40
22432 4">!2243* 20i22->32 40
22550 20!2C:S5 20J226S4 40
22S19 _ 20'229«3 20S223S4 40
25021 20IK077 20'23213 20
23224 100123242 20123560 20
2S926 100123330 2012*172 20
24313 20 21507 20:24741 20
247S7 40125048 20:252CS 40
23221 40|25233 20J25253 20
25308 100:25434 20i23*35 4-1
25479 2012543S 20J25567 100
25627 20J25S57 20 25 SCO 200
26018 20J2S244 2O|2S«43.. 20
26676 2C!2S750 600126359 20
26839 200126359 49I263H 40
271S1... 2>>!2723S 4012723S 4»
27311 20J27577 100(27500 40
27535 40127755 20!Z7734 40
23020 20'2S112 1000128263 4)
2S302 20!2S3e8. ..;.... 2»!2S*19 20
2SC« 20J23611 4^?2S173 20
29233 40;29433 40J29194 20
29648 3Cfl[29?90... 40|29«» 20
23732 20|2)743 4<i 2SS49 20
29309 20J30O61 20 30123 40
S0154 10OS3O23S 20S3047S 2:>
30715 45J30822 2O!*»83 «
310S3 20|31192 20S31205 20
81233 4D312S1 20131440 20
SI465 100'SUSO 20131514 100
S17&S 100I31938 40132122 23
82161 20!3225S 23 4 322S9 100
324SS 1C0J32885 100132677 20
82727 40:32814 100!32S92 40
32912 40|33151 40132275 20
33311 20'3337J 20!?342S 43
83430 20133451 20I23563 20
33897 20 33810 100134000 20
84*55 2034579 2012U61 50
24234 20'34294 20'34557 ."v 20 ;
34562 100134534 20^34774 20
34SS4 20'34S92 20125079 40
35149 100J35223 40!352.">l KD
352S2 20133374 200'25332 20
35611 40I33304 20;3531S 20
36270 401384S4 40136434 4>
3S560 30136677 20136833 190
36760 20'36379 20'370Sl 40
37160 40i37233 40137529 20
375S3 100!37gS3 2i>i37S32 20
37S33 20'37g57 100!37934 20
17953 20!379>3 4C;375jr? S)
SSO.%7 40J3S173 20 ( 3S236 20
3S257 403?272 40i3^W4 20
38434 40!3S444 10O'3,5«51 40
8ST>37 20013S730 4')'3.57S4 200
3SS48 SOlgSSCS 2O'?9)33 100
33153 20;33217 20;33256 *>
39:61 20!ZS337 ir«)l.?942S 10rt
334S3 20»39;S3 41'?J«7 40
S9741 20133742 2O'337S4 20
23S33 4iV25SS7 J!V>'45123 100
4T249 40 ; 4i.-97 20!{0<?3S 25
4*M1 20'4r09 41i4-iSS4 20
4W27 20'4<X>2S 40I40030 20
41041 20'41C3.> 40141087 40
41077 100141095 4.1141149 £1
41321 40I4IS35 10<)O!4I5« 100
41629 20I416G3 20S417S6 20
417SS 100U1570 2042<»7 43
42245 40'42323 S0(42IS3 100
42P2 2OI4K13 2O'4:K.->4 10O>»
42^99 20142719 40142774 20
4I7&7 10W42S33 100I42S70 40
43O3S 2OU315S 20!432t? 20
432.S3 20143331 20UXT12 t>
43400 4'>U:il9 40J4J478 20
43*>S 40143636 2O'4S01« 45
44205 iO'44307 2fl'»433« 20
44473 41UJS1S 20U4531 20
44724 4O'41S63 1MI4434H 20
4^»42 2CU.-.O3S 40!45163 5<n
45330 20l4i364 S0I43423 43
45478 40*45533 40)45361 4.1
45573. 4O'45."D8 rOf^SlS 100
45SG6 20'4iS37 MI46O1O V>t
46022 40'462Sl 20M64W 100
46442 100145520 20U53W 20
4«591 100UtSS2 20!45S?« 2-»
47013 2T.f470C3 20 ! 47C74 4)
4714? 40U717? 40!472?3 1W)
47S94 40!475.>> 40I47O3 40
47669 20i47KSO 4'>!47W 43
47730 40I477S3 47U7S29. ....... 500
'7S34 20!47S51 2014^)64 40
4S0S9 100!W35 20I4SJ23 2'J
45472........ 1MI4S55S SOUSSIS M
4W49 10O!«S913 40!4<!n2a 20
4S934 20 1 43! SO 2O1J32M 4H
43393 10O'*!>«3 4)'«31S 4}
41614. 20U9629 100 r 49-597.. 11X1
43779 4'>U'JSa> 2OU93K 100
49979 2«!5CW> 20;50."«0 SCO
50540........ 200!50.-64 2D:?AW 41
5C6S3 40I5OS42 100!50S74 4?
6inf$ 1001*1127 4ni5I23« %i
5123U 4 / >Um3 2HI.M39S 2)
5H3S :. 20i51- ! «5 10OISI775 ' 20
51735 2OI51R13 20 519S:- 20
BM46 2fl!5S:U 100lS2511 100
52SS5 20J5J730 20J52731 2fl
5:730 40io2S15 20I52S22 20
5^59........ .20153M1. 20v3f.55 20
53153 • 20153132.. 10Oi53193 2ft
53238 40153323 5<W.-3455 40
53531 20'51532 10Oi53fi63 21
53713 40J53743 20153S2S 41
53914 40S53337 20154152 •»
542."3 40134498 40154553 2i>
51670 4«|S455? 20!54^77 20
55tfi> 40l5^114 40!S.>!.71 20
.v>332 500j5>374 20!. r >54!i3 20
55613. 40!5r475 200!Ko!3 »>
-."45........ WoVSr, 20
53303 20C!5t.?08... M!5*>53 " 40
56122 IO|-<2P6 20 ! 56^)7 JO
55327 20156441 20!3S7*> 20
5tS23 40ISC131 201*5334 4>
57109 100157402 100157432........ 20
S7C25.. ...... 10!37i57S 20:37742 2sl
57S0S 3>!57S57. 20)57932 40
5SO08 20!5S340 23ISS333 43
5S776 20;*«:7SS 40S5SS61.. ...... 40
55014 2O!3M1S 20153121 20
531S3 40159347 200t59;«3 1C0
5974?.. ...... 40i5M53 40:60075 4>
eOlSl.. ...... ¦» 60199 4!>!Sfl31 20
C0341 40 60394.. 4«!6.0415 .... ••>
60420 20 50443.. 4016-5630 40
606S7. ....... 4A1607W.. 6000C!«0721 40
60842. 2<>[609'15........ 20J61023 49
6105S • 21ISl"6l 40I611TS Vi
61250........ 10* 61307 20 l «1509.. 20,
61549.. 20!*15?8 2fl'««9 500
«562 40161716 40>«17S0 2ft
6173?........ Wi*lK« 20I61333........ M
61575........ 20'62211.. 20182221. .". 20
62tS3.. ...... 40;«t r .7{ 4n'62«10 20
62339........ 20i(i2S76 Mf«2933.- J>
C3121... 49S63224 20163309.. 46
63534.' 20S63453 40I65--18 n
?3553 4016377,1 2^!n34t... 20
8.194S. I44IC4C04.: 20:64120 J>
6-H7S.. ....... 45IMS39 20!«<i61 20
64644.. 2OICJ144..: .' 40!643S7 20
<&IK.H - 40!«5iaS 20!6514S ' 20
65S77........ ¦ S0KK407.. 40163463 4.}
63478..... ... - .4<>l*kV579.. ...... 41I6571S 20
(55S43-. ...... 2flf€<5WO........ 40:66110 4J
66143.. 20*5234. 4A r e6M0 »
6«?«.. 20iB64W " 1W86433.. ..'..,. -100
6«444. 40I96S65 100l6<Kll.... - Yt
66665 20'66779 4066785..; 45
66343........ 2nl671P5........ M'67300.. ...... 20
67513........ 40(57567 E0IS7767 O
67793.. S0I67S33.. ....... 20!8732A.. 40
67348 4O'P7967. ....... 2OI6V121. '. 1C0
63051......;. 2OIM470.. ...... 40i«8323 «
6S5M.. ...... ' 40l«S665.. ...... 1C»'6V59O.., 40
6S«28........ 2OI6M2O........ 20I63-M0 40
63237......... 20JC9249. ....;.» 4fl!5925«.7...... ' : 21
«M?(W :4i>'«9S15........ 20!«9634......... +1
696e3. 20169718... ¦: 43[69S31 43
No. Prtie.lNo. Prlxe-lN'o. Prize.
«3S37 £3'63Sf» »:633« «
699S0 20 70021 45 70*33 »
7C162 20 70178 40i7ttM3 «
70570 83 70387 100i70612 M
70629 J070323 «in011 W
71140 40171212 200J712W O
«M30 20 7H35 40 715*) . »5
"1731 2O!71?16 » 72102 »
7310«..^.... 40|724i9 2!> 7SS7 »
7WS0 2-572952 20'723S3 »
<3?S2 *>|73O63 20|73(»n 5"
"S105 40J731H 20'TSIW 1W
73371 *»73375 3V73SS4 »
734S4 2O!7549O MI7S5W..-...— »
7J619 «!73772 2O0i73S3G 5>
7395S 100i739«2 ".. 20:739«7 «
735S4 40(74013 2O ! 74053 40
74066 4-M74151., 20O!7t4SS »J
7«52 4<>i7«38 »!7474S ?>
747S6 40(74993 4075031 *>
751S3 K|73213 10o!73X7 29;
75553 20I7539 +i;73S14 S>
7S714 ?»!757S3 40'7S«W V>
76000 S0J75075 100;7S281 »
76351 4176373 2fiO7«432 10rt
7S453 40 7S+S S0;75T51. »
76781 MI7C3S3 40 77209 »
77227 201.77474 2>'T7S13 4.1
77C02 500 77634 2P'77S54 2*1
77S<2 40(77953 40 ! 77S97 10O
7S0S2 40i7S206 10O:7SC« W
7SK0 40!7S3CS 40iTS4ol «
7S73 49S7S73 4i:78753 M0
7S953 40t7SSS3 1W73433 *>
79S62 S0I75733 ?i!797il »
7SSS5 29173942 30[
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
One hundred numtera from 80660 to 6C7SD. in-
clusive, being 50 numbers on each side of the
number drawing capital prize of $*>.00O— 5*X
One hundred numbers from 2oSS to 21S3. in-
clusive, beinjr 50 numbers on each side of tha
number drawing capital prize of J20.00C— JI0.
On» hundred nurabers from 41604 to 437C4. in-
clusive, beta? &) numbers on each .«lde of tha
number drawing capital prize of $10,000— $2i>.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
Seven hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
ing with 10, being the laet two n«rur»s of the
number drawing the capital prire of I-50.0O— J3).
Seven hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
ing with 38. belntr the last two fij:urf>s of th»
number drawing the capital prize or IIO.OOO — $2).
No. 60710 draws first capital prize of W0.000.
sold in Brooklyn. N. Y.: Cleveland. Ohio.
No. 2133 draws second capita! prize of $20,000.
sold in New Orleans, La.: Chicago, 111.; St.
Louis. Mo. : Fort Worth, Texas.
Xo. 42S54 draws third capital prizs of J10.COO.
¦old In Evansville. Ind.: Natchez. Miss.
Nos. 6137, 19813. 28112. 41335 and 4^73 draw
each J1000. sold in New Tork City. N. Y.: Bee-
vlUe. Texas; St. Louis. Mo.: Havana. Cuba;
Now Orleans. La.; Omaha, Nebr.: San Fran-
cslco. Cal.; Tyler, Texas; Portland, Me., and
Lynn. Mass.
DR. GREGORIO ORIVE.
For the Treasury Department,
U. BASSETTI. Manager.
APOLINAR CASTILLO. InterTenor
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
Birth, marriage and death notices eent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at e'.ther of the publication offices and be
indorsed vita the nanu and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the *acie published.
3OBN.
REYNOLDS— In this city. November 23. 1900,
to the wife cf Thomas Reynolds, a ion^
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Steamer "Mentlcello. "
MON.. Tues., 'Wed.,. Thura. and Sat'at 9:45
a. tn., 3:13,' 8:30 p. m. ; "(ex.- Thur«. nlgiit); Fri-
days, i p. m. and 8:10: Sundays. 10:30 a. in.; 8
p..m.: Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier- No. i. ., Telephone Main 1508. .».
"FARE ¦-.».¦.: ...50c "-
FCR U.S.RAYY YARD AND YALLEJO.ST. PAUL, Nov 25.— According to the
reports from Senator Davis' house to
night _ the patient; passed a comfortable
da >'- .His delirium was a trifle less acute
ana he was able to secure some sleep
ine kidney trouble, however, does not
yield to treatment. Toward I evening the
faenator became restless -again.' and 'Dr
Stone was called to the house. Th© doctor
does not Issue, a ; bulletin' during the day
on Sunday, so that any, statement of;the
Senator s condition is iunofflcial.
Worse Toward Evening.
After Passing a Quiet Day Grows
SENATOR' DAVTS RESTLESS.
_The San Francisco Young People's
Christian Temperance Union will hold Its
regular monthly meeting: in the" -.Young
Mens Christian Association building this
evening Rev. A. C. Bane, pastor of the
California-street Methodist Episcopal
Church, will address the members on "Our
ResponsiDilty.to the Saloon."
Will Lecture on Temperance.
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
Recommended by physicians. Water alwal
clean and warm. Tub department best In city.' •
rj.fj. Hughes, who lives at 156 Tehama
street,, was arrested last night and
charged with assault with a deadly
weapon. Hughes is accused of stabbing
K r nw° C Mt th Wlth a baMn 8- hook dur
ing a row-at the corner of Third and Te-
Lw a st j; eets - Stockfleth went to a physi-
2 la . n t s office to have his wound dressed,
and the police were unable to find hi-n.
Stabbed With a Baling Hook.
IMPORTANT DISCOVERY IN
SXrBMARIlTE CABLE WORK
Rubber Insulation Resists the In-
roads of the Teredo So Trouble
some in the Tropics.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 25.— Reports to
the chief signal officer from Manila indi
cate that the War Department has made
an important discovery in connection with'
submarine cable work in tropical waters.
One of the War Department cables that
was shipped to Manila and put down for
interisland communication was of the
rubber insulated variety. The English
cable experts in the island predicted a
speedy destruction by the teredo, a sub
marine boring worm, which eats every
thing short of railroad iron that is sud
merged In the water. The English cable
with gutta. percha insulation resists the
attacks ot* this insect for only aoout a
year, and it is necessary to insert in the
cable armor a thick continuous wrapper
of copper to prevent the teredo from Dor
ing clear through to the conducting wires
and short-circuiting the cable. This cop
per protection adds considerably to the
expense of the cable without adding to- Its
efficiency for telegraphic purposes. 'It
seems, however, that the American cable
with its rubber insulation, which has been
down for two years, is still in good work
ing order/
Colonel Allen, chief signal officer in the
islands, has advised General Greely that
the cable service Is at present organized
on a very effective footing and will be
able to lay any amount of cable which
the department may see fit to ship to
Manila-
DENOUNCE MOB LAW.
Citizens of Colorado Springs Hold a
' mass Meeting 1 . I
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo., Nov. 23,—
A mass-meeting of the citizens of Colo
rado Springs was held in the chaoel of
the Colorado College this afteri'Oon to
voice sentiments on the Licion lynching.
The meeting was to have been held last
Wednesday, but was postponed on ac
count of the storm. The building was
packed and resolutions denouncing nob
law and a reversion to the days of bar
barity were passed unanimously. The
resolutions closed with the following ap
pear to' the people of the United State3:
Finally,' we protest ' to • our countrymen
throughout the land that, as a law-abiding
people, we share with them the hazards of
mob ebullition in revolt at nameless . horrors,
and claim with them to be Judged not by
flarrant exceptions, but by the steady peace
and order of our dally life. ' ¦: n; :.
STBICTER METHOD ORDERED.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.— Brigadier
General Hughes, commanding the Depart
ment of Visayas, Philippine Islands, has
issued "an order directing that all prison
ers captured within the geographical lim
its of tho departments and who are in in
surrection against the United: States or
who are aiding those who are in insurrec
tion be held in strict confinement as pris
oners of war.
¦ General Hughes also issued a circular
directing, in connection with the "notice
of amnesty" recently issued, that "per
sons ccming in and claiming to have dis
covered their -error and wishing to quit
carrying ; arms and to return to their
peaceable pursuits must hereafter make
a formal declaration In writing acknowl
edging and accepting the sovereignty and
authority of the United States in the
arcnipelago." ¦ • .
SKELETON" OF A GIRL
FOUND IN A WELL
PANA, 111.. -Nov. 25.— Much excitement
was occasioned in- this vicinity to-night
by the, finding 'of a skeleton of , a
girl, presumably 12 or 13 years of age; in
a well on the Brunot farm, four miles
north, of here. • In. April of last ••«« the
body . of Jane » Brunot was - found ' in this
same well. ' Mrs. Brunot was murdered oy
two of her nephews, who. are now serving
life sentences in the Cheater penitentiary.
It is believed that the skeleton 1 found to.
day is that of' a young girl who disap
peared ¦ from heji, home In Indiana two
years ago during the visit of Mrs. Bru
not'stwo nephews to'that State."
The park and beach were practically
deserted yesterday. A few persona not
on pleasure bent hurried through the
drizzle to homes or business, or on the
way to the sheltered * pleasure resorts.
The Chutes presented Its regular bill to
re^r d t U e C d ed t o a^ n D C o !i ce No aCCldentS Were
Vv!i' h< L USual z £ al . of tne contestants and
the same enthusiasm of the spectators
«fw n manl f e8t at Sutro baths yesterdav
afternoon In spite of the lnclemence o'f
I 1 ! 6 T wc^her. The fifty-yard race was won
ond T» e li eT1 - w , lth *'• Cafne a sood sec
ond. In the swimming under water con-
E-iT 8 .^ 3 ttrst - followed by C
rn^iV7 h T,r t .'?, b ; race was awarded to G
ino v«ri" K A y uklns and G- Fulda. In the
100-yard amateur swim J. Flynn won and
Jl Ro r s w^ s .second. J. Collins took the
prize for the sprin E -board diving, and T
S «» W ih 8 sec ?, nd - F «r h'ffh diving j5I
f n p d^i SuHi van displayed the most science,
and C. Reilly was the second.
Park and Beach Deserted
Pattosien's, Corner Sixteenth, and
Mission Streets,
Anticipating the certain demand for new
dining room furnishings for Thanksgiv
ing have secured many elegant articles
in this line, which they offer at very spe
cial prices In honor of the day. Side
5??J2Sfn Chl ? a K^ IosetB ,' arm and sIde chairs,
extension tables, plate racks etc Ai<sn
*»T al % in stains, Porti?reScar Jetslnd
fine and medium grade rugs. •
jH^^ANXHAUSER" at reduced
prices was the bill at the.
M 1 Grand Opera-house last night.
ft I It was the second popular
night and drew a large and
enthusiastic audience.
Only by comparison with the
great casts of the first and second per
formances of the opera did that of last
night seem an inferior production. The
artistic perfection and the wonderful or
chestral effects were as strong as when
the first magnitude stars were in the cast.
Plancon as the King earned the fullest
measure of applause. Dippel as Tann
hauser and Muhlmann as Wolfram'scored
distinct successes.
For the first time since the opening of
the season Miss Susan Strong was given
an opportunity in a big Wagnerian role
snd she acquitted herself creditably as
Elizabeth. Olitzka was Eln Hirt and Miss
Maxylli the Venus. Under the guiding
baton of Damrosch orchestra and stingers
were welded into a complete harmony of
sound and stage pictures.
With this evening's production of "Das
Rhelngold" at the Urand Opera-house will
begin the first presentation .in San Fran
cisco of the great Wagner trilogy, "Der
Ring des NIbeiungen," by long odds the
most Important event of this important
teaeon. • .
bounded upon the Icelandic Bagas,
adapted with ihe singular genius of choice
distinguishing the lioretti of all the'mu
sic dramas and fitted with .the noblest
harmonic themes In marvelous sympatny
with tbe text, the "Ring" is the hlgnest
txpression of the genius which earlier pro
duced the familiarly worshiped "Lohen
grin" and f'Tannhauser." The same ele
mental simplicity ol phrase distinguishes
the work, ine same marvelous richness of
combination, an even further splendor of
orchestration and an even stranger, closer
sympathy of theme with the emotional
essence of the moment. He who runs
may read the story in the music if famil
iar with a lew basic themes, which, woven
and interwoven, Interlacing and chang
ing color continually, tell the glorious tale
in a graphic song without words.
"Das Hhelngold," which will be given
this evening, is a prelude to the trilogy
proper, which consists of "Die Walkuere,"
"Siegfried" and "Gotterdaemmerung,"
a story which, Chinese fashion, takes four
nights in the telling. It Is the history of
the evolution of the hero from the god.
of the oM god's downfall throueh the
rower of gold. "Das Rheingold," first of
the cycle, tells of the gold as it first ex
ists in its haimlessness and pure beauty,
the plaything of the lovely daughters of
the- Rhine.
Then the story of the theft of theRhein
gold by Albertcn, the dwarf, is told, of his
renunciation of love, by which secrlflce
only can tho cold bo obtained, of the forg
ing of the "Ring" from it, whose pos
sessor shall have all power. Then of how
Wctan. father of the gods, seizes the
dwarf and the ring, which Alberich has
cursed, surrendering it as ransom for the
Goddess of Love Frela to the giants who
have claimed the goddess as reward for
their task of building Walhalla. But the
curse clinging to the gold has affected the
god and he foresees the end of his em
p ?- r i He determines then to found a race
of heroes which shall take the place of the
gods, and still higher, in the world's need
an . d^ b^ cl ,2 st , I i ff scene "hows Wotan in a
veiled Walhalla gathering the gods about
nlm as they pass over the Rainbow bridge.
The cast to-night will include Sucan
Strong. Marylli, Scheff. Olitzka and
Sfhumann-Heink; Van Dyck. Blspham,
Muhlmann. Blass. Journet, DufrJche!
Bars and Hubbenet. Damrosch will con
duct, the orchestra and chorus are, all
thjre and the difficult stage settings are
Bald to be a marvel of mechanical perfec
tion. The management announces that
those who arrive after the curtain rises
will not be allowed to take ; their seats
until the end of the act
Haverly-B Minstrels disported for th«
amusement of crowded houses yesterday
afternoon and night at - the ~ California,
GERMANS ENGAGE IN BATTXE.
Kill Thirty of the Enemy and Cap
ture Six Ammunition Wagons
The Olympic offers Mabel Hudson and
Among new names at Fischer's are to be
found Mme. Gabriel Stlrval, Cortnne and
Mao Edfrerton Davis.
The new acts at the Chutes are the
Brothers Martine, comedy acrobats; Del
Adelphia. the cowboy musician.- and L»a
Belle Taza, a d8«h<nc; soubrette.
The Orpheum headlines Julius P. Wit
mark, barytone; E>upont and Lothian,
Sansone and Delila, Anna Kenwick, Mal
lory brothers and Brooks.
At the Alcazar Theater to-night another
Augustin Daly, play .will, succeed "The
Railroad of Love." the laughable "Seven
twenty-eight." In addition to the regular
matinees there will be given a special
matinee on Thanksgiving day.
• • •
"The Jolly Musketeer" begins its second
week at the Tivoli Opera-house to-night,
and it has had so far; one of the most
successful runs among comic opera annals
at the .popular little opera-house.. A spe
cial matinee will '¦ be given on Thajiksgiv
ing day.
"The Singing Girl," a new comic opera
by Victor Herbert, Is the medium for
Miss Neilsen's talent, and press and pub
lic have been so kind to both opera and
star throughout the East that, there is
little doubt of a favorable reception. here.
Eugene Cowles, the former basso of the
Bostonians, is one of Miss Nelloen'e sup
port, while her comedians are T. H. Her
bert and Joe Cawthorne, both well known
here. Miss Neilsen carries her own or
chestra and every scene in, the opera is
specially painted for her. • ¦
Alice Neilsen, the former Oakland girl
Who became famous while with the Bos
toniahs, and J3 to be seen at the. Columbia
Theater to-night at the head of her own
company, arrived here from New York
via Salt Lake yesterday, accompanied by
the • principal members of her company.
Miss Neilsen's mother, ' Mrs. Sarah Nell
sen,- and her brother areher guests while
she remains here. '_
Herrmann, the • magician, opened what
promises to be a most successful engage
ment at the Alhambra Theater yesterday.
SInco the conjurer's last visit here he has
studied up a lot of new business, which
was- received with great applause last
evening by a large audience. . Herrmann'B
star act is the cremation of a female sub
ject on the stage and; then scattering the
ashes of the fair damsel among the audi
ence. Another clever trick consists in
filling an ordinary cask with water, then
turning . the barrel upside down, where
upon instead ot water flowing out twelve
ducks waddle out of the cask.
As usual with minstrel shows, the sec
ond part of the programme is a riot of
novelties and boisterous fun.. There are
"acrobatic singing and dancing," "sing
ing and talking comedians," and Gordon
and Hunt, novelty musicians. • The pro
gramme ends with a helter-skelter knock
about turn in which Dan Waldron, Mas
ter Martin, James Connors and John Mor
ton are participants.
J. J. Cluxton, Charles Weston and
Harry Leighton sing sentimental songs
creditably, and the interlocutor, John Ro
land, is a basso with a voice that swells
out magnificently In the choruses.
Dan Allman, Master Martin and Dan
Waldron. the other end men, are black
faced comedians of ability and have a
grist of Jokes that keep the ; audience
laughing.
George Wilson is. of course, a large part
of the entertainment. Last night, in one
sketch, he wore for the first time, an ele
gant new light-colored suit, said to have
cost $275. "Waltz Me Again" Wilsoa is a
prime favorite with San Francisco audi
ences. Ho has a batch of up-to-date Jokes,
some good new songs, and a revision of
his. stump speech that is better than
ever.
The opening of the engagement was an
auspicious one and promises well for tho
success of the visit to San Francisco of
the popular burnt-cork artists.
The University of , California students
are making elaborate preparations for
thoir annual Thanksgiving performance,
which will be given this y.ear at the Tiv
oli. The most popular songs and choruses
i.™™"^ J oHy Musketeer" will be given
by the Iivoll company. In addition the
boys will give vaudeville sketches and
ca \ turns and also some original foot
ball and rooter pictures by the blograph
Will Go to the Tivoli.
the Leondro brothers among: the attrac
tions.
LacJIe^ tailor-made «uits. Bilk eklrta. fur
c&p«s; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 626 gutter.*
THE LATEST PORTRAIT OF MADAM MELBA AS JULIET. FROM A PHOTOGRAPH TAKEN BY ARNOLD
GENTHE. 790 SUTTER STREET. THE DIVA WAS PREVAILED UPON TO POSE. ALTHOUGH SHE HAD S A.ID
THAT SHE WOULD NEVER AGAIN UNDERGO THE ORDEAL. THE RESULTS PLEASED HER
Died From Heart Disease.
ah amoppy-*-as performed on the body
r? I^slie Hrlce. the young man from
Ferndale. HumbnMt Countv. bv Dr Le
land at the Morjrue yesterday, and he
S"^^* 1^" dIseasG was the cauw
or ceath. The vounc man twMma =n^
denly ill in the Calif frnte D^Kltchen"
on Market street. Saturdav nipht ami
was taken to the Tosemlte House, where
The funeral of Lester H. F. McKee. dur
tes hi? lifetime a well known and popuiar
yot;n? man of this city, where he wa= a
member of the htebest social circles was
held yesterday nfterrmon from undertak
ing jmrlnrs on Clay street. Mr. McKee
'fSP* last s P rin *. and his
t-ntimely taking oft was a severe shock
to hi« family and his many friends The
Vr^l n^ ear ' h rv? 5 ere Saturday on the
The deceased was a promi
nent Mason. He leaves a mother ?3&?. L
McKte' 3 a ° ne Elster> Miss Da lsy L.
Funeral of Lester McKee.
Tbe most artistic shapes and designs are
to he found in all sizes of ready-made
frames this fall. At no other time was
the variety of framing materials eo ex
tensive and artistic and at such reason
able prices. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. •
Artistic Wall Hangings.
Sresovich's warehouses have been robbed
in a similar manlier on' iwo previous uc
cosions during the past year.
Yesieiday uik'u.ooii vtUcti the foreman
of the warehcu.se, which Is located at San
some and Vallejo stretts, visited the prem
ises he was siupriseu to discover tnut tne
door of tiie piace had been openeo. m
vtstiga.tion snowed that burglars had
pried oil the loclc The foreman at once
entered and found that a large amount of
stock had oeen laKen. It is suspoeted that
the crooks nad a. vehicle witti wnich to
cart their plunder away.
The foreman visited police htaduarters
and reported the,ca3e. He says that the
warehouse was closed about 6 o'clock last
night and he cannot ttx the time at which
the crime was committed. Until the pro
prietors viiit the place their exact loss
will not te known.
The warehouses of Louis C. Sresovich
& Co., wholesale dealers in foreign and
domestic fruits, was entered by burglars
either t-aturcay night or yesterday morn
ing and goods valued at several hundred
dollars stolen. The booty secured by the
thieves cnrssi&ted of case**pf pacKed fruit
and the ponce are puzzled to know how
they got away with 'the. cumberous stuff.
I/OS3 Within a Short Time.
Sresovich & Co. Experience .Third
BURGLAKS ENTER WAREHOUSE
tors of the Olympic Club a large Dumber
of people visit<d the club building Satur
day aitcrnoon fcr the purpose of inspect
ing the new bathing facilities and other
improvements, including the new lounging
room. Ladies were particularly In evi
dence. The door? were opened at 2 j>. m.
and dosed four hours later. The recep
tion committee afforded every comfort and
entertainment for the g-uests.
Athletic icames of all characters had
been provided by the b«n tatent of the
club. Boxing, wrestling, fencing, trapeze
work and tumbling- comprised an inter
esting: portion of the programme in the
gymnasium and exhibitions were piven in
the swimmir.p tank. An orchestra had
been provided and refreshments were
served.
Fine Entertainment at the Public
Inspection of the New Bathing
Facilities.
At the invitation of the board of direc-
KEW IMPROVEMENTS
AT THE OLYMPIC CLUB
After rc-coverirg consciousness Murphy
*»xp!aln«->d his condition and gave a good
description of the robber. Several hours
later the police arrested Donnelly and
locked him up on suspicion of having
committed the crime. Subsequently he
was positively identified by Murphy."
Donnelly has bern in trouble before.
Several months asro he was arrested,
charged with garrotir.g a sa!!or. but on
account of the latter's failure to identify
him he was released. To the police he U
known as a "strong arm" and likely to
commit the crime for which he is being
held. To-day he will be formally charged
¦with robberv.
James, alias "Jack" Donnelly, alias
"Vaudeville Jack." who .s well-known to
the police, was arrested yesterday after
noon by Captain of Tolice Splllane and
his men on suspicion of being the man
who garroted and robbed James Murphy
on Tchama street early yesterday morn-
Ing. Murphy was about to enter his res
idence when he was suddenly attacked,
and after bfinar choked into insensibility,
roblxd of $7 iind a silver watch, a po
liceman w^o happened to pass the place
a few minutes afterward discovered the
unferunate man lying on the doorstep of
his homo.
fied as the Cul
prit.
"Jack" Donnelly Is Arrested by the
Police on Suspicion and Identi-
Is Garroted and Robbed in
Front of His Own
Residence.
JAMES MURPHY
VICTIM OF THUG
Shierloh showed that he had funds by
displaying between £>5 and >4O. He paid
for the drinks tor the crowd several times
and llnally Thomas Kackett, an ex-sol
dier, invited him to go to Moriarlty's sa
loon, Second and Mission street6, where
he was a bartender. Kackett went ahead
and Bartholomew Hays, Shierloh and two
others accompanied htm.
Early Fritfay morning Shierloh was
found lying on the sidewalk in front of
Moriarity's saloon in an unconscious con
dition by Policeman Jordan, and was
sent to the Receiving Hospital. When he
recovered consciousness lie claimed to
have been robbed of about $15 and a silver
watch. It is expected that he will be
able to leave the Hospital this morning.
Detective McMahon and Policeman Coo
ney arrested Rackett and Hays and
locked them up in the "tanks," where
they will be held till Shierloh has an op
portunity of identifying them. The de
tectives are also searching for the two
other men who were witn Hays and ex
pect to have them in jail soon.
Captain Seymour has instructed his men
to bring in all men suspected of using
knockout drops, and three ex-convicts
who were arrested by Policeman Tillman
last Thursday while buying the drops in
the Owl drug store are now in the
"tanks." The Captain thinks that legis
lation should be enacted making the pos
session of knockout dror>s a felony.
Detective McMahon and Policeman M.
C. Cooney were detailed on the case by
Captain Seymour. They ascertained that
Shierloh, who had been working on a
ranch at Concord, Contra Costa County,
came to the city Thursday night and late
that night wwii into the \Vhaie saloon, 53
Third street. He soon made it Known that
he had seen service in the Philippines and
had been wounaeu, and a crowd of hang
ers-on began to "•jolly" him, pretending to
be ex-soiuiers.
The police have two men in the "tanks"
suspected of having gi\-en knockout
drops to Henry Shierloh, a discharged sol
dier, from the Ninth Infantry Regiment,
and robbing him early last Friday morn-
Ing. Shierloh is still in the Receiving Hos
pital suffering from the effects of the
drug.
Two Others Wanted by
Police.
Thomas 'Kackett and Bartholomew
> Hays Arrested on Suspicion and
Knockout Drop3 Adminis
tered to Henry Shier
loh, Ex-Soldier. '
ROBBERY NEARLY
ENDS IN DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, 31ONDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 19OO.
Second Popular Night of the Grand Opera Season Is a
Success— Wagnerian Cycle for This Week-
"TANNHAUSER" AT REDUCED PRICES
DRAWS AN ENTHUSIASTIC AUDIENCE
10
FAINLESS
DR. K.L. WALSH
815K GEARY STREET
B»tw«a Hjrde and Larkin.
Telephone PoJk 1123.
Trapper's oil cures rheiimatlMn and neuralgia.
Druesiata, Me flask. 1 llichardB & Co., 106 Clay.*
Purely veret.&ble. mild and reliable. c»u««
pc-rtect «lee«ion. complete absorption an<j
fifalthfu! recularitjr.
J*or the cure of all disorder* of the Stomach.
JJver, B»w«l«. Kidney*, Bladder. Pemalt Ir-
reru!crities. Sick Headache. BHlousn^RS. Con-
?tiratJr.r, Piles and all deracgement* of the
Internal Vl»cer«- » a box. At Orucsists. or
by xnalt RADWAT & CO.. N»w York.
Trunks & traveling bags. Before buying se«
our -bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co.. 128 Ellis.*
G0LDBE2Q. BOWEH ft COS SPECIAL SATING SALS
•c<t - ¦ *
111. 113. 115. 117, 119. 12! POST STREET.
50c gallon — others may pre-
fer wine — Select from the
following list:
Vista del Valle sauternes
Doz qts Do* <jt3
Plain $5 50 Haut 53
Dry 6 Chateau Yquem 9
Claret— V.r.Zinfandel pints $1 50
reg'ly $1 25 and $2 75 doz qts 2 50
Allowance for wine bottles when
returned 30c and 50c dozen
COC ktai IS—^"./ «rial $ 1
Six varieties— ready to use —
reg'Iy $1 25 bottle
Qherries in marasquin 6oc
Svy de Larochi— feg'Iy 70c qt bot
jWhisky bottle $i 15
McBrayej— 1888 gallon 4 50
Whisky as good as this should
always be kept on hand — no medicine
can take its place — reg'ly $1 50 and $6
% Big catalogue re • for a postal
txt Pine 333 Suit?: »8oo California San Francisco
1075 Clay between EUventh and Twelfth Oakland
Price $4.50 Pair.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
200 pairs Extra QualltB WHITE BLANKETS, WBloht full
five pounds, made &D the Golden Gate Mills.
Price SI. 00 Yard.
Samples of ahove goods forwarded frea
to anu address.
1 case FRENCH WOOL CREPE de CHENE AND SILK
AND WOOL LANSDOWNE, In all the new pastel
colorings.
Price Now BOc Yard,
58-INCH SCOTCH CHEVIOT SUITING, ten different color-
ings, all small hair-line stripes, have heen soli at
$1.25 per uard.
Price Now 75c Yard.
2 cases of our Celehrated 54-INCH SCOTCH HOMESPUNS
In Grag, Blue and Brown Mixtures, always sold for
$1 per gard.
Price 50c Yard.
75 pieces NEW PLAIDS, In bright colorings, small and
medium patterns. Theu are In Cheviot, Granite anri
Camel's-Hair effects. im
FOUR EXTRA VALUES,
DRESS FABRICS.
Shelled almonds ib 35c
- California 'it\d
Alkethrepta chocolate 20c
Pleasant and nutritious— reg'Iy 25c can
Cocoanut-&ftepi> 22JC
Shredded— flavor ot. the fresh
nut — reg'ly 30c lb »j.-V
Just arrived, from Germany fancy
cervelate sausage
Honey— strained 2 OC
Pure— mountain dew and
California wild flowers helped
make it— reg'ly 25c pint bottle
Chutney— Bombay pint. 30C
reg'ly 40c and 60c quart 50C
• The real Indian relish
FUN FOR ALL— YOUNG AND OLD
Bon bans {dinner favors) this sea-
son's selections are unusually hand-
tomi— -many varieties — neic and novel
designs— loc to $4 dozen— the prettiest
will go rapidly — covie early
If you serve sweet cider
on Thanksgiving day we
have it— vure apple juice—
Deal here and live well
all the time — just now our
Pine and Sutter street stores
— convenient to all when
down town — present a
most pleasing appearance —
the show windows and
counters are laden down
with food novelties for your
pleasure and the friends
you expect to entertain this
week — prompt and careful
service to all
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Alonday Tuesday Wednesday
Coffee— Pasha blend 27! C
. If not exactly pleased with your
coffee— try this— reg'Iy 35c lb
Orange marmalade 20c
Keiller — this preserve is world
famous — reg'Iy 25c jar
Bacon— Armour Star 16JC
Ferris lShc
Two of the choicest brands
Our Oakland and California street
stores carry a full stock of holiday
groceries— their patrons having equal
advantages with those dealing down
toiim
FOOD FOR THANKSGIVING
Afte r dinner cheese Mammoth olives
Bar le due currants Marrones glace'
Walnuts ai.^ almonds Mince meat
Califorr.in '"h^tnuts Sweet elder
Plum puddings : u"-- TnrfSes
Cluster . Honey cake
Salted a'monds Glace' fruits
Salted pct^i.» Cranberries
BQWEN
& GO
OOLDBIRO. B0WE5 * CO'S SPECIAL SAVISQ SALB
ADVZBTTSEMENTS.
Christmas
Eye-GIasses
Purchas«<3 from us will t>» exchasjrwi to fit
after th« holidays, fre« of chaxgs.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 19.
OPTICIANS^pu^APH'C^^w.
rHOTUV; 5C1ENTIMC
642 Market 5t. instruments
OWDtP CMBOXtCli BUTtDtN&. WTALOCUf ' WE-
DR.MCOTLTI )
nrnis wErx-KxowN and rklm ble old
X. Sp*<-l*U*t crrei Blood Poison. «jonorrhteu.Ol^e^
Stricture, Srminal Weakness, Imp»M»ncpaiia their
allied Disorders. Book on Di'ea»s of «"g tr>M »-
Over20years>xpe rence.Teranrea50n.iB i.e. Hnur^.
9to3(laily;S:n0to>).30«>v'B<. Sn'xl""' 1^ 1 ?, 5 M'?»?.»
tationfreeandsacredly confidential. Call d .vJOresa
p. noscoE airxriiTV. m. d.
8«Ji Kearny »?- Man Fram-iwo. ...'U
I DR.PIERCES
MEDICAL.
B&SSCOVEEIY
FOR THE
I BLOOP.LIVEB.LLINGS-
.^¦fc. _ _ — <_ j£2h Laflln A Rand Wat^rprrj;
¦ ¦ I B r\ 3 fi ¦ Smokeles* Powd?r, In bi Ik
¦ S3 Stai anJ loaded in shells, s-n.l
¦ ¦3 H3Ci-^ for catalogue of ."porting
yyiiw ?° od3 ' geo " w " shheve .
IA/. T. HESS.
JtOTASY PWUO AM3 ATTORNS y-AT-UT.
Tenth Floor. Boom 1013. Clans Spreckels Bids.
" Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California »U. below Powell.
San Francisco.
Cl ROYAL gii?
-.""- •«• Overcoats and
• Taltaes checked frea
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE A
For itm cur* ot GONORRHOEA, GUEST*.
6TKICTURES and analogoua complaints ot IM
Ortan* of Generation.
Frtc« II ft bottl*. For nla by druggist*- . .
I Our , j
big I
half-price ¦
Sale of S
j Ready-to- j
Wear and
Outing ;
Hats j
Starts :
To-day. i
Only a week. |
Ihe I
{9-4 j 2*%&.YkeXsSt. j
ADVEBTISEMENTS.