no_text"What did the' man say?" asked the
Bad Boy.
"He told me to go to. thunder with
my doughnuts and cheece." said the old
man, his lip quivering.
"Now we will go into the dining-car
to dinner," said the Bad Bov. and the
old man got up and followed him. "We
will have a feast fit for the jrods."
"Mush and milk is j?ood enough for
me," said the old man. but when they
jgot into the dining-car the old man was
paralyzed by its beauty. The steward of
the car bowed them along w r ith dignity,
and the old man thought he must be the
owner of the road, and he asked the boy
if that was one of the Vanderbilts and
was told that it was Corneal Vander
bilt.
The waiter bowed low. and the old
man, not to be outdone in politeness,
made an old-fashioned courtesy such as
he used' to do at a country dance when
the fiddler shouted "honors to partners,"
and then he put out his hand and shook
the hand of the negro and said he was
pleased to meet him.
"This is my friend. Senator Petti
grew of North Dakota." said the Bad
Boy, introducing the old man to the
waiter, and the old man looked puzzled
but sat down. . .. "Remember, until I
change your name you are Senator Pet
tigrew," and the waiter handed them
bills of fare. . , . . . . .
The old , man looked over the - bill of
fare and said he couldn't find any fried
salt pork and boiled potatoes, but the
boy told him there was other stuff ios
as good, and he ordered for both. Whe:
the Blue Points came on the old mai
kicked and said four little oysters lik
that for a grown man was an outrace
He said when he had oysters he wantei
big ones, and he could eat a whole can
The boy put some horseradish and cay
enne ! pepper on the old man's oyster:
and told him to sail in. He took one o
the oysters in his mouth, swallowed it
the tears , came to his eves and he
reached for the bottle of water, and sak!
"Jerusalem!"' The Bad /Boy and hi<
friend Senator Pettigrew went through
the bill , of, fare, and after , an hour or so
went backs into Uhej sleeper, where the
berths had been partly made up, and the
old man watched the operation with in-
(Copyright 1C00. by Th" I*rrr>3 TuTj
li=iiag Ccaapfay, ZTc-crYcrkTrcricl.
AH rSglxta rcrcrvjtd.)
• Hi 7 . Xrw York limhe-i train was
• :;:' ' ::g :cut of Chicago, ana the
Ba 1 Re y ar.d the eld crorjryman
were "ti b<>-fj. coins to the
big ciij t<> try and lead a different iiic.
v said, but the old nnn didn'c
know, for the life of him. tvruit they
were g'jiucr far. He knew that his vouncr
: •..:..-• rich, and he fell that the
boy was goin'^ to show him a little of
life in a great tit;.-, and he ha<l confi
dence that a!l would turn out right.
But as he sat in the sleeping-car sec
tion, looking at the blue lake so bv. he
wondered whether they would both
bring up in Sir.g Sing or own the
Standard Oil Company before spring.
A lump came into the old man's
thront as he thought of coinji so far
away from home, and he worried a
little as to whether the old customers of
the grocery where he had been so long
a fixture .voul'J get along as well with
his successor as with him.
His shoes hurt his feet, and he took
them oft and rested his feet with the
gray woollen tocks on the seat in front
bf hi::i. and the porter told him he
would have to put on his slipper?, so he
glared rit the porter and opened his tel-
Cbcope valise and got out an old pair cf
carpet rHpner? and put them on and
pijrheri. rr.d mentally agreed with him
self that he would maul that nigger be
fore he got to New York
"Now. bub," mid the old man. as the
Bad Boy took off his coat and put on a
smoking jacket and a traveling ca?.
'"what arc we goir.c to New York for?
What part do I play in this drammy, or
tragedy, or whatever it is? I want to
study my part, so I won't have to be
"Well, I'll tell you all I can." said the
boy, taking a book out of his grip.
"We are going to New York for aflven
turc. You are to take any. cart I give
you, to be my father, my uncle, the vic
tim of my schemes, a companion, ad
viser and friend. I may decide to marry
a girl who is the heir to Vanderbilt mil
lions, and if I do you are to cive me
away.
"Hold on. bub. there is one thing I
want understood."' said the old man.
"If you can get in love with a rich girl,
whose mother is a widow and hasn't cot
ar.y husband to take care of. ring me in
on the widow, can't you? I would make
a father-in-law you could be proud of.
I am something of a masher myself
when I am where thcy.don't know me, '
sr.d the old nan tried to look ciddv.
"Oh. you will do." said the Bad Bov.
as he laughed at the old man's con
fession of being a masher in disguise.
"Ill give 3'ou a run for your money in
New York, and you might iust as well
begin mashing that ladv across the aisle
who has 'M. D.' marked on the end of
her suit case. She is probably a female
doctor, s.nd -you may need her services
before morning. You have never trav
eled on "a sleeper before, have vou?"
"Xo. I never saw a sleeper, except to
watch them go by en the trains, and I
don't know how you sleep in 'em. un
less you curl tip on the seats. I 'have
traveled on the cars before, though.
Thirty years ago a lot of us went on an
excursion to Jancsville. to the State
Fair. . I went to «O^hkosh once on a
grocers' picnic, and during the World's
Fair I went down to Chicago, but I cot
robbed at the' depot and never went to
the fair st all. Say, I'm getting sort of
empty. Don't you want a sort of lunch?"
and rfie old' man took out of his tele-
Ecope a package done up in a brown
paper. "Come on, we can go. into the
baggage car and sit on a trunk and eat
these doughnuts and cheese."
"Throw them out of the window or
give them to that poor old man down
the car, with the dandruff on his coat
collar," said the boy. "The doughnut
and cheese period has passed with us.
and we will go into the dining-car soon
and cat like the crowned heads."
The old man took his brown paper
package snd went to the old man spoken
of and offered him the lunch, and the
Bad Boy watched the look of indigna
tion on the face of the stranger, and
finally the old groceryman came reeling
back through the fast-movins train with
the package in his hand and a look of
pain on his face.
terest The woman with "M. D." on her
suit case came and sat in the seat with,
the old man while her berth was beins<
made op, and the old man thought ha
ought to say something pleasant, bat
when he said he had iust come frora
eating and asked her if she liked travel
ing the woman got up and moved away.
However, the Bad Boy told him not
to mind, as the woman would undoubt
edly make up to him before they got tf>
New York, and then he gave the oM
man some' directions about how to con
duct himself in a sleepincr-car.
He told him to hide his money some
where in the berth, and if he wanted
anything in the night to rinc the bei!
or pull the bell rope; if anything: was tha
matter with him he could call up th«
female doctor.
And the boy got inside the curtains of
the old man's berth and showed him
hoyv to pack away his clothes, anj
showed him how to wear the new pa
jamas he had bought for his old friend.
At fir3t the old n:an kicked on wear
ing pajamas and wanted to sleep with
his clothes on, but on being told that
they would arrest him if he slept in his
clothes he submitted to the pajamas.
And after he got them on he wanted to
walk up and down the car and show
them, but the Bad Boy cot him to be-J
finally, and in time all were asleep.
It was not long before there was a
commotion about the old man's berth,
and the passengers all looked out and
saw the old man with the neexo porter
down on tHe floor of the car maulinsf
him, and the negro yellinsr for mercy.
The Pad Boy and the conductor toolc
the old man of!, and the bov said:
"Senator, what is the meanine of thia
riot?"
"Well, by gosh," said the old man,
with one of his shoes in each hand. "I
don't propose to be robbed. I put mj
money in my shoe and put it under my
pillow, and this fellow tried to steal the
whole business, but I caught him by th«
neck and just cave him a square hold
and the grapevine lock and I floored
him and got my shoes, and there is the
money, right up in the toe."
"Fore de Lawd, Senator. I never aim
to rob you, noho^y." said the frightened
negro, trying to fix his windpipe that
the old man had squeezed shut. "I just
wanted to shine your shoes."
"Oh, rats," said the old man. as he
put the money in the pocket of his pa
jamas. "I greased my shoes day before
yesterday, and you needn't touch 'em."
The Bad Boy and the conductor cot
the eld man to bed ajrain. and the in
cident was closed, only the old man said
to the boy: "I know I shall kill a coon
before we get to New York. Alwayi
when I am going to commit murder I
dream about it the night before." and
he rolled over and went to sleep.
It was about daylight in the morning
when the Bad Boy was awakened by
another commotion, a female scream
and loud voices, and men seemed to bo
pushing an unwilling person along
toward the smoking-room.
He got up and followed and found th«
old groceryman held by the conductor
and several passengers in the smoklncr
room, and he was protesting that ha
was Senator Pettigrew and meant no
harm to anybody, but he would ba
dumbed if any female could trifle with
him.
"What in the world is the matter.
Senator?" said the Bad Boy, .coming
into the room and telling the men to let
go 'of the old man. "What have you
been doing? Your face is all scratched
and"
"I am innocent, I swear it," said tha
old man, wiping his face on his sleeve.
"You see I et too much supper and
you told me if I was sick in the night
anybody would help me. so I thought of
that female doctor, and I thoucht I
would ask her for some medicine. So t
just opened the lambrequins in front o|
her stall and just touched her on the
shoulders and shook her a little to wake
her up and when she sort of raised up
in bed and looked wild I said to her,
says I, 'Doc, I have cot the worst casa
of colic you ever run up agin in all your
practice, and I wish you would give ma
a dose of pain killer or something.' Ju:t
like that J. said it, as polite as yoa
please..
."Say, that must be the iron-tawed]
woman in a circus instead of a doctor.
* : She grabbed me by the hair and
bumped my head against the upper
berth and cuffed me and yelled and fi*
and squawled. and these gentlemen cams
along and rescued me and took me of!
in here. But, by gosh, she cured my
colic, sure as you're born." and the old
man tried to look happy.
¦ "Who is this old cuss?" said the con
ductor, turning to the Bad Bov. "Yoa
seem to have him in charce."
"Gentlemen, I beg your pardon, and I
\rill apologize to the lady." said the Bad
Boy, wiping his eyes, as though weep
ing. "This man is my father. I am tak
ing, him to a sanitarium in the East,
where I hope the best treatment that
money can procure will restore him to
his bereaved family. His mind is im
paired from overwork handling" his mil
lions. He thinks he 13 Senator Petti
grew, and I humor him in the idea.
Let me put him to bed and I will be re
sponsible for him. Have pitv on %
poor, insane old man, I besr o! you."
The conductor and the passengers'
turned the old man over to the bov, ami
he took him back to his berth and whis
pered to him:
"Now, 1 have saved you from the
mob, but remember "you are mildly in
sane the rest of the trio."
GEO. W. PECK.
THE SUNDAY CALL
PECKS BAD BOY
AND THE
GROCERY MAN
START FOR
NEW YORK
2THE outlook for the ship-building In
dustry of California during the next
century Is most promising. Tho
future promises even more than tha
immediate past, which ha* been a period,
o* extraordinary activity. Naturally a
greater supply^ will main, a proportion
ately larger demand— an increase in trado
aiul conmitrce. The only way ta substan
tiate this prediction is to reason fr^m
"What has California done for tho Amer
ican navy'.' She has set the typo of ifcipa,
in nuality, workmanship and speoj, ami
in their ability to periorm coiitinaouiiy
what they v.-ere designed to do. Sue ha_i
demonstrated that tills sld» or the conti
nent is able to assist the> Central Govern
ment in cie£eruii::;i Ua coast; that the Cen
tral Government is .va-itly benefited by
the development of tho resources of this
section of the country, and, furthermore,
that U can recruit ships with men irom
the ranches and the lumber districts who
have the requisites oC good fighters
equally with men torn anywhere elae on
t.io soil Qf America. Prior to th» time
of the Charleston only passenger ships
and colliers were built on the Pacino
slope. The cruiser Charleston was built
en Knglish plans bought from the Arm
strong by n'niiam c. Whitney. It was
tiie nrst of the new ships ordered, uncier
tne Cleveland administration to be com
pleted and put into commission.
The second Cailfornia-built war vessel
wad tho San Francisco, a cruiser of 4uw>
tons displacement, with engines and huil
(je^igiieu by tae .Navy Department of tab
United States. Tea San Jb raiicisco ex
cteuea her contract requirement* three
quarters of a Kno: and wa.s considere i the
best all-around snip of her clus3 in tne
United states navy. The Saa Francisco
was followed by the Monterey.- a ttoubie
turreted monitor maJi.i:i£ fourteen knots,
a very great advance, regarding speed, on
any monitor previously buiit. It was tha
tirst monitor to successfully croaa a great
ocean, going from San Francisco to '«Ia
nila, over 7u0u miles, without any trouble.
Next in order came the Olyra^ia, whusj
speed was phenomenal, her official record
b' ing one and three-quarter knou faster
than the requirement. She was very
nearly as fast us tho Columbia or tho
ilir.near-olld; is a better ship than either;
carries a larger battery and cost Jl.lKXMwO
less than either of them. The uiyrni U
has tv/o sets of engine's of exactly tne
same type as those in tht> Minneapolis anil
Columbia, tho exception rein-? that tS«JP
ec.cn have three seta of *n;yif:es and the
Olympia two. She wa=; Do-.vey's flagship
at Manila and shares with the great ad
miral tne jtrlory of the lishL
California's next triumph was in the
Oreson, a Lattlej>hlp-Df exactly the saraa
tvpt a-i the liidiana and Massachusetts.
The three were desisrncd and ordered at
the sauna timo and were all to make fif
teen knots. The Indiana ma.Ie fifteen and
a snip 11 fraction, the Massachusetts six
teen and a small fraction, the Oregon
17 ;y knot?. The Oregon's famous run
froii San Franruco to Santiago de Cuba
is historical, rihe was in perfect order'
v:hen she got there, went into the r.gh^
a~'d her performance was conspicuous
above that of any battleship ensragtd,
due to the fighting Qualities of Captain
' Charles Clark and the* skill of Chief en
gineer MffiUgan: After the war the Ore
gon mtS cleaned ar.-l painted In the navy
yarJ at Brooklyn, but was not overhaul. <1.
Than, in company with the Icwa. a era ok
Fhio of the £>.st. she started :\>r Man! a.
The Or"fr->n rancher! thera in due geaaon,
ready f(.r action. The lov.-a came to San
Franc'^co for repairs and has not reached
Manila yet. The California built ship
was in continuous service up to the tim*
sho v;.s run aLihoi?. In C3itr.es* waters
After tho Ort-tron. the gunboats Wheel
ing and Marietta were launched here.
Toe Marietta made this trip without any
r.-eak.lo-.vn. and tiid as well the work she
was destined to as any of the bi? battle
ships dirt the work of their class. She
was dubbed the ftull Calf by Rear Ad
miral M>!vUle. her designer, who com
plained thftt th* correspondents over
looked the Marietta, and gave all the
prtl ;,« to the Oregon. The torpedo-boat
FarraVur. v.-'.th a record of thirty-one and
a half knots, Is the fastest boat In the
American navy. Tho latest product of
the "West in the line of battleships. Is
the great Wisconsin. 1000 tons blrser than
the Oregon, with contract speed of a knot
mnre ordered at the same time and from
th" same plans as the Alabama and the
Illinois. The Wisconsin holds the record
for battleships of her class in the Ameri
can navy to-«lny.
Vrom the foregoing It will be seen that
the ?hip3 built in Sa» Francl3co are su
perior in every respect to those built oa
the Atlantic coast, and for the plain rea
son that the building of battleships for
the Government has attained a better de
velopment in San Francisco than in any
other part of the United Stateg.
Less than a score of years have passed
since the first merchant ship was con
structed at the Uniori Iron Works. It was
the collier Arapo. and the «-eeond vessel
was the passenger steamer Pomona. Tha
demands of the merchant marine- aug
mented California's shipbuilding enter
prise. The Senator anfl the St. Paul were
next vrrdtled to the wave here and both
were chartered -by the Government as
transports for the a: my service on tha
Manila route. The f'ei~ht ship Callfor
nian is the largest rhlp built for tho mer
chant marine on the Pacific Coast, having
ll.SCO tons,, displacement. : The Alaskan
and Arizonian are each 18.500 tons dis
placement, and these will be the largest
freight steamships built in America up
to date. The ferryboat Berkeley is the
largest double-ended ¦ ferryboat on tha
Western coast, operated by a single screw
at each end and having a seating capacity
of 1700 people. These with numerous other
craft — tugs, yachts and small boats —
prove the substatlal establishment of tha
ship-buiVilng- industry on the bay of S«j>
Francisco.
By Irving M. Scott.
ON BUILDING
OF
GREAT SHIPS
What a field of investigation is here
opened— a field altogether too broad and
far-reachlr.?; to be even comprehended
from tho standpoint of the present. Let
us simply say to our worthy colleagues of
the present and our successors in the fu-,
fare what Rtiskln said In his farewel/
message to hia friends in the Oxford
Mcseam: "May Gorl bl^sa the reverent
and earnest study of nature and of man,
to his glory, to the better teftoni&g of tha
future, to the benefit of our country—
and to the good of all mankind." - * *
•
Tbese suggestive possibilities seem rh!
ir.erlcal jv.st now, but equally stranftf o.iea
have already Nx en crriel out. and why
not the.-e? 'Hie phyflclan of tto • future
may even demonstrate .by new Ions or
energy** that all -lU'e" is the same, and
that the exnr?Hsion.j 'animal life"' or
"veritable !!fe" are at best only terms of
discrimination, not of differentiation, and
that a tree, a turnip or a hor3e are not
"life" — simply icloblotic combines vital
ized by •"iife," and that the reason for
one b?!rg an animal and the other being 1
a plant is not the difference in "life." but
the resultant of a Ions, persistent, con
comitant environment which has molded
the material into an evidence of life,
which we classify as & plant or an anl-
manipulate tr.e htort with the object of
mechanically stimulating the muscle of
which it is essentially composed to con
tract and koL'p in action until the offsets
say of shock, or of narcotic puisoa— have
¦* 'VERY age from the dawn of chili-
Ezation has brought forth new de-
velopmcnts In which woman has
:. always played an Important. parL
Her impress.and moral Influence are en-
graved on every step of the world's prog-
res3 and woman's power and true worth
are to-day given glad recognition. *Sho
is no longer the Ignorant, soulless thins
of former times, but she has put her foot
on the rung of-the.ladder, determined to
climb to the top. She has organized and
become a power; let her now use that
power to the best advantage. She has
done much, but she. can accomplish more.
Her possibilities are unlimited. Where
will the centuries brine her?
Woman has always been "a ministering
angel," man's'comforter and friend, as-
suaglng his grief and alleviating his pain,
From the cradle to the gravelt is worn-
an's gentle,hand that leads and teaches
him by precept and faith,.patience, peace,
love and hope. , She has always exercised
a restraining influenco* on men's flghtlns
propensities and' hers is tha'power ¦ that
must turn the mind of man from thoughts
of martial glory; and. colonial .possessions
to sentiments of peace; carnage and riot
shall cease.
The Hague Peace Convention left a blua
rift in a clouded sky for a day and .then
behold! All .was darkness acaiu. What
is civilization If that ci\ilization does not
tend to make man bett?r as well as wiser?
This boasted civilization ol ours fails to
pieces when stripped of its veneering and
reveals man's innate evil propensities in
all*their, hldeousness.
And the God whom v/e all worship—la
not his voice of anger expressed in the
famine, plague and misery that follow in
the wako of war? To alleviate this woa
Is f indeed, an herculean task. And though
/woman's intellect may be developed to
any extent; though she may gain name
and fame in the study of celestial phe
nomena: may.paint, write and build; may
sit in the White House or in the hall?
of justice; may develop in all direction?—
yet no deed In the broad field of tho
world's action can bring her a larger
tribute of love," admiration and gratitude
than the accomplishment of the aban
donment of- war. * For when Justice,
sweet peace and harmony follow in wom
an's footsteps then, Inaeecl, has she ful
filled her truest and highest mission,
By Mrs. L Lowenberg,
President, Philomath Club.
THE WOMAN OF THE FUTURE
disasters, the Red Cross can give assist
ance at once.
The Spanish war has proven to the pub
lic the efficiency of the Red Cross. In
event of any similar occurrence the con
fidence of the people need, not be won.
That has already been done, and this
point argues well for the future of the
society.
As for our own State Red Cross, praises
of its work have been sung far and wide.
Congress in its next report will officially
say that no other State in the Union has
done such magnificent work.
On April 23, 1SS8, a number of people met
here in San Francisco and banded them
selves -together in an unofficial society,
which quietly developed into a State Red
Cross Society, funds to the amount of
$1SO,OCO being subscribed»by the enthusias
tic and generous public. V.'ithin three
v."eeks after organization we had nur.=es
in the field— the first sent o.ut in the
Union.
There Is no need of groins' Into the do
tails of the work of the California Red
Cross. It Is too fresh in tho minds or
all to need recounting. Our organization
had to draw up its own constitution and
it proved so complete that the National
Red Cross has not interfered with it.
Many other States have sent for our con
stitution and have adopted it; each State,
of course, being under the National Red
Cross.
"While the interest in, the Red Cross
somewhat abated after the war, the Gal
v'eston flood showed the public the ne«?d
for its continuance in time of peace as
well as war.
The history of the Red Cross of this
State is a red-letter page in National Red
Cross. I am sure the future will not dim
its prestige. #
NEVER • in I the history of the Red
Cross has the outlook been so prom
ising. The work done by the Red
Cress In the past, helpful and hu
manitarian as It has teen, will not com
pare n-ith that of thefuturei For to-day
the .society stands en a substantial anl
systematic basis. Its work has been rec
ognized by the Government; its aims an:3
labors have b^en firmly outlined.
Just within the fist few racntiis the Na
tional Red Cross has been thus recon
structed to meet the growing demands.
Every State in the, Union has now its
Red Cross, and the mother society had to
loo]: to the growth, t welf. ire arid harmony
of tho£e childrun, and help them to make
the most of their, possibilities for useful
nt»f s.
This ofilciaf standing of the Red Cross
mfa:;3 a great deal. There can no longer
be any question of its overstepping its
boundaries. Nor is there now any doubt
as to "whether the White or Hod Cro=s
has official reccgr.ltien— Congress hm
placed its seal on the r.cd Cross.
With this official backbone the Red
Cross cannot help but take great strides
in the future.. The noble and capable
Clara Barton still stands at the helm and
harmony is 'the keynote nf the organiza
tion, which men ns mUch for its efficiency.
In the past the Red Cross ha* had to
depend upon spasmodic contributions giv
en in thi.* heat ot some 'great disaster.
Though the generous public quickly
opened its purscstrings, still it mer.nt Jo
lay, and urgent case;; suffered. Now it
is purposed to havo enough funds in the
treasury to meet any immediate demand.
For instance, in the Galveston flood the
Red Cross was hampered and delayed by
thirt deficiency. Every effort will be mad%
to have enough fands on hand so that in
case of war, pestilence, flood or kindred
By Hrs. Wallard B. HarHngto;n,
President State
Cross Society, Member Beard of ControJ
National Red Cress Sodety.
to it. There Is a fixity Impressed which
is Its' birthright, and to this all correct de
ductions must ultimately converge. True,
it may be Ions ere these are all discov
ered, but they are th^re now. and no
forced fancy can ever elucidate their rea
son. To all interpretations save one will
they be Irreconcilable and Irresponsive,
but when that one is discovered it will be.
a revelation like the Inspiration that re
vealed the thecry of gravitation, the un
dulations of light, or the infective germ 1 *
of pua.
Already do we. not ,see efforts being
v made in this direction/ namely, a strain
ing after the solution of how nature con
serves her powers and combats her ad
versaries. "What are the anti-toxins, the
serums, crgano-therapeutica. but foot
steps "along the pathways of Dame Na
ture? Let the physician of the dawning
century solve the meaning of that which
we call dls-ease — that is, not-ease — lack of
harmony, a disturbed balance. In the
relationship of the complex entitles which
make up thi* body of ourx Solve that
and there will be no longer a mystery to
ills that we arc heir to. I^cok at the lung
of a consumptive, read his death certifi
cate and you will find inscribed thereon
as a cause of liis demise "phthisis pulmo
nali3," a lesult not a causa. I'ut are we
able to trace the long series of nutritive
changes— the congestions, the depletions,
the vicissitudes by which the "dis-easse"
was piodnced? The pathok-srist will tell
you it is the bacillus of Koch that has
done this; he will kill the "bug," but the
dead bug Is still a foreign body— is still
an initiative factor, and the patient dies.
Results are ours; the causes are com
plex, and the solution is not yet.
If the physician of the twentieth century
does naught save develop the projects al
ready in embryo, great work and aston
ishing results will follow, and« although
we have hinted at boundary lines, still we
are convinced that great and peculiar ef
forts will be made. Should we hazard a
forecast, -we would anticipate much en
ergy to be devoted to that class of dis
eases more especially related to the blood
and circulatory systems; for example^ an
effort will be made, say. to modify ac'ute
general diseases by forcing normal blood
to displace the blood in the diseased by
directly connecting the circulation of a
healthy person, with that of the sick "one;
or. in crisis casrs, the blood surcharged
?.ith the products of disease will be drawn
oft and its place taken by artificial solu
tions of a chemical character, while at
the same time stimulation of the respira
tions', by oxygen or other modified air —
possibly under a reduced atmospheric
pressure and in more or less vacuum —
will aid to tarry the patient jjast one
point of uansor. Or again, in heait dis
eases actual- interference will be made
with the amount of blood entering the
cavities in the direction of increasing or
decreasing the supply in order to reduce
intra-cardiac pressure.
We may thus have cardiac drainage
and establishment of a compensatory cir
culation, -uid we also should at least
seriously consider the attempt to directly
In the field of the physician of the
future we (/aney that we already see
boundary lir.es; for it Is scarcely possible
that the limitation of function— which Is
essential and innate in the life-history of
a tissue, be it epidermis, muscle or gland
—can much longer support the strained
interpretations which have been ascribed
GOOD WORK OF RED CROSS.
to regional anatomy and therefore to
regional and functional repair, there must
also be a limit to surgical interference,
and perchance the future will not so much
see more done as it will see,whatever is
accomplished better done.
Nature has had some reasons for the
implantation of certain organs within the
skeleton of her greatest triumph— man —
and it will not be well to advocate in the
twentieth century t'ie "preventive sur
gery" already contemplated by some "ad
vanced" men in the present. We must
learn prudence from our successes, and we
trust, for instance/ tha.t the ovary may be"
granted the courtesy of fulfilling its des
tiny, and not be removed at puberty sim
ply because it may be diseased at mldlife.
.r»or would we desire that every colic
should be classified as a case of "appen
dicitis" an^l the appendix be removed as a
timely preface to secure the patient per
fect immunity in - the future eating of
stone fruit or seeded raisins.
Nor will it be well 'for the stfrgeon of
the future to recommend too strongly the
removal of the stomach and the substi
tution of a plano-convex automatic uni
versal coupling of lridium so that the
twentieth century gourmand may not be
annoyed by dyspeptic, inconveniences, as
sociated with other unpleasantnesses,
when he begins to find the pace too swift
and the nights too long. Thus v/e are
fain to hope that "regional surgery" may
rot in the new century become of a too
pronounced type, as otherwise the prac
tice might possibly Initiate a desire not
/onlv to curtail Intestines and remove
stomachs but to develop cranial special
ization so markedly that the brain would
te considered a "foreign bjody," and its
removal Insisted upon. This might be con
sidered a major operation, but one feels
at times that It is not necessary to wait
tor this specialistic consummation to be
recorded among the, "papers" of the
twentieth century, as there are instances
already under observation v.-here the Indi
cating are symptomatic that without the
additional insight afforded by. a. surgical
operation brains are Indeed a "foreign
body"; a conclusion sequent to the haste
evidenced by some, local "mills" t'j
"make" doctor; 1 — O " telriporfi!
Of the gynaecologist Uho woman'** doc
tor) of thj future we hepitatetn cM;-t ili«>
horoscope— there angels fenr to trea'l, for
is there 'not strong presumptive evineiieij
that the evolution of the new woman is jo
acute that long. ere the sun of the twen
tieth century reaches its zenith the
species will be so metamorphosed that It
will demand an equally marked revolu
tion on the part of the index-fingereiJ
specialist, and that, too, along lines which
at this moment would paralyze his "con
ception." So we leave him and wish him
well, but feel grateful that so much of
our lives has already been spent.
THE FUTURE
OF
MEDICINE
By F. W, D' Evelyn, M.D.
HISTORY has demonstrated that
there have : been noted periods in
which growt h and development in
ark*, sciences and economics have
• bf en most T>ronou;iced. yet there ha« not
boen any discovery of fixed laws by which
we could formulate "causes" for this
activity; or v.hich would enable us to con
clude that this growth' and development
for any given pe/iod would be constant
and uniform. "Were' it otherwise the fu
ture would be simply a proportionate de
velopment of the present, and would-ad
mit of no difficulty in fully appreciating
it« completeness.
Hence to conclude that the marked
strides made In the art and scionco of
modicino in the past one hundred yt-ars
would he relatively pustnined in the suc
ceeding century is at best simply, a mat
ter of conjecture. Yet we are prepared to
anticipate great things, for we cannot
think that the next cycle of years will so
degenerate the active faculties of medi
cine that there will not be born to It minds
as advanced in comparison with the pre^->
ent typo as the present type is in advance
of the "mastery" ¦' whose genius was only
a lesser darkness, than the surrounding
gloom of ignorance which shrouded the
medical world a century ago.
V. r e must admit* that we are indebted
to those who have gone before us, and
that much which we claim to-day as orig
inal is. in very truth simply thfi elucida
tion of a fact !ong since suggested, or an
unexplained observation long since made.
" Let us note that 1S0O years ago Pompeii
was destroyed, but many of the surgical
instruments discovered in those ruins are
in principle essentially the same as those
1 now in use and In all likelihood baptized
by the "inventor,"' electroplated and
safely protected in the grip which bears
the orcud name of a modern Galen or
Hellodorus.
Again, might not good old Jamea Mo-
Iins, who somewhere about the year 1730
was appointed "surgeon for stone," he
considered worthy of dignity of a special
ist just as fairly as the modern "genito
urinary surgeon" who^e trips to Europe
perennially add f rtsh . arms of precision to
the lengthy list of "ore-crusherr; and ex
tractors," and also some new "tips" in
the application of hydraulics and illumin
ants.
Do we not even find recorded as "new
;igents" many methods and' medicaments
which hav<; in very fact been practiced
and known for many generations "to some
barbaric medicine man or intagati? Has
. not the much-laucled "formalin," the
great germ-Killer, boen included in the
pharmacopeia of. the Bantu people ere the
Carthaginians hunted the elephant in th»;
forests of Mauritania? And what havo
we added further to the oxygen treatment
since Priestley, in 1774. told us "this pure
air may become a luxury, for fo far only
two mice and myself have: had the piiv
iiege of u:sing it"? :M;;ny instances of like
nature convince thos-e of iig who" h-ive
studied the subject deeply that a large
proportion of the "novelties" in recent
mc'Mcine are moroly novel in application
and not In discovery.
The advances rnade In .surgery during
the last fcntur>\ moreiespjjglally (hiring
the latter half, hav-.' bordered upon the
phenomenal. These results are One to
many! col lateral factors, such a« tlie in
troduction of general '.and local anes
thesia, improved instruments, antiseptic
precautions and surroundings, while th«i
surgeon himself has had opportunities for
study and manipulation altogether boyond
the reach of^his predecessor. The interest
resulting fro'm theifl combinations has be
come inflammatory, and it is impossible
not to recognize that operative surgery
has a strong "upward tendency," and
with this Lhere Is much danger that this
branch of medicine ¦ will be overworked.
\There is in the human mind a 'fetich-Hiso
awe or veneration for "blood," and
whether it Hows on the field of battle.. in
. the prizering or on the 'table, of the sur
geon the effect is id a" mea3ujre the saint—
blood speaks. And when the eyes of t>:<;
layman view just for an accidental mo
ment the modern surgeon, antiseptized
and purified, clad In the immaculate vest
ments of the operating theater— the
cawled head, the bared arms, the won
drous "table," the background filled In
with white-robed nurses, while the silence
is broken only by ' the .weird: monotone of
the assistants' hushed voices, is not the
effect tragical? And the" layman would
.be /more', than mortal were he not pro
foundly impressed. .
Yes, blood speaks— and It also counts
bo that there are dangers that the thirst
1 "to subject everything to the knife", may
at times be exercised ! to . the detriment of
well merited, justifiable, scientific and es
sential surgical interference. . This is one
feature which we trust and believe will
be much modified in the coming century.
The surgery : of the future will have
great and wonderful J operations and the
Burgeon of the future will be a specialist;
regional surgery: will alone occupy hfs. at
tention and. his skill, to hia credit, and
.we trust to' the. greater. benefit .'of those
operated "upon. Still a* ' there Is a limit
THE SUNDAY OAX1I1.
By David Starr Jordan.
THE movement of education in Amer
ica in the past half century is such
that we can speak with some cer
tJiiniy as to its future trend. ""In my
3u<2*rm**nt, this will be for the next fifty
yczl* in the direction of constructive in
dividualism. Greater efforts will be made
to Ilnd out what the individual is good
for and to adapt the course of study to
•wnrd making the mo?t of his powers. To
this end there will be greatiy extended
opportunities for specialization, with a
grreajer <fr.jrt ( O bring the student into
that tine of i-iiecialization in which he will
prove nir-st effective. At the same time
there will be constantly widening oppor
tunities for genera! culture, but this cul
turo will bo likewise adapted to the Indi
vidual, taking into the fullest account the
different pov.«rs and needs of- different
men. Too much emphasis cannot be laid
ton the necessity for a broad general traln
lr.g as a preparation for successful spe
daJ training, but for this training those
•subject* must b« chosen which will se
cure the desired rtyult in the Individual
case. It Is not mankind which 1b to be
trained, but the Individual man. Borne
men attain culture* through the study of
the noble monuments of the literature of
•AtlQulty. Otners find nothing In Greek
but tedious drudgery. Some acquire gen
uine culture from the study of modern
historical movements, others from the
contemplation of phs'sicai law or from
the relation of life to its surroundings,
whatever strengthens or clarifies the
innd, whatever broadens the horizon of
visior. or intensifies one's interest in high
er miners is a source of culture. Culture
is not the result of any study or combi
nation of studies, it is concerned with
one b attitude toward nature and human
lt £ > . and the re is no single gate through
which all may pass to attain it.
The growing realization of the vaJue of
expert knowledge, itself one of the best
tests of the existence of general culture,
will demand of the American university
constantly greater thoroughness in Its
work. Thoroughness requires costly ap
pliances, the best of teachers, the best
of libraries, the best of apparatus Espe
cially is this true in the study of 'the ap
plied sciences. For example, the subject
of electricity alone demands for effective
instruction a costlier plant than was
needed for a great college of the classical
stamp In the last generation. -
The American university of the future
must be wealthy, for it must have meant*
to meet the needs of a very large variety
of men and women. It must be large, for
when It meets these needs students will
come to It In numbers. It must be poor
in the best sense, because it can keep no
idle capital. In its efforts to meet the just
demands upon it it will strain to the ut
most all its resources. The universities
of England have stood In. tho past for
personal culture. The universities of Ger
many have stood for thoroughness of
knowledge. The universities of America,
under the impulse of the virility of en
lightened democracy, have tried to com
bine these two Ideals Into a third, that of
personal effectiveness. What can you do?
is the question every American : student
has to answer. The university should en
able him to answer It ~ well. : . And* with
their present rate of growth in usefulness
and power, there seems no reason why in
fifty years the leading schools in higher
education and specialized training should
not be on American soil. In any, event,
the^future of the American republic must
lie" with the American university. In its
hands the future is safe. The change in
the Harvard of 1S50 to that of 1900 suffi
ciently forecasts the coming change to
the Harvard of 1950. for the same In
fluences that have found response in the
wise administration of President Eliot
•will remain at work for the generations
to come. ' r *mBB
In my Judgment the same line of growth
will be followed In the great State univer-
NEXT CENTURY IN AMERICAN EDUCATION.
sities as In those of private foundation.
The latter are freer to move, better fitted
for educational experiments. The State
university is in closer touch with the peo
ple and will carry the people with it. The
denominational institutions will become
distinctly rpccialized as such, emphasiz
ing general culture with religious train
ing. They may become feeders to higher
institutions, or else, where their endow
ment permits, they will develop into uni
versities of the same general type as the
others. To become a living university is
to recognize the movement of the times
and to respond to it.
The position of the preparatory school
will become more worthy as it is more
definitely lixed. A good academy is far
more useful than a weak college. Tho
preparatory school will fill the space be
tween childhood and the beginning of
specialization. The student who leaves its
doors will look directly toward life, no
matter how Ions the vista of training
v.hich lies between. And with the growth
of real universities all other schools /will
foel the stimulus of their activity. Better
methods will yield better men. The in
fluence of the university wHl be felt more
and more through the whole school sys
tem. It will return from the student w"ho
f cpp on to the university. It will follow
the university student who goes back to
the academy ns a teacher, and this mu
tual Influence for pood mupt grow greater
n-s the years go on. So long as "America
moans importunity" so long will democ
racy mean progress.
3
GLIMPSES OF THE TWENTIETH
CENTURY...THE CALL has arranged to publish with the next Sunday
issue of its Magazine Section a two-step by this great
leader and composer. You can get cheap songs and
flashy common jingles every day—they are excellent for
lighting the morning fire but abominable for the piano or
voice. But you cannot get a composition by Strauss every
day, and much less one that is new, yet stilt possesses the
. same merit which has made famous the wide world over
the. name of the Strauss family. Remember this compo
sition will appear in next Sunday's Call.
Eduard Strauss. "The Waltz Wizard."
California Theater.
Under the sub-title. "True Stories of the
Heroes of Travel ami Discovery in Africa,
Asia, Australia and the Americas. From
the 'Dark Ages' to .the 'Wonderful Cen
tury,'"iT.'dor Jenks issues his recent in
teresting book, "The Boys' Book of Ex
plorations " Nothing Is . more delightful
reading) for the youth, or for that matter
for a gr?at many of us older folk as'well,
than a recital of explorations of those
seckin'gs In the lands unknown. In such
cases mere facts are dramas In : them
selves, but when picked out by a mind
trained in the knowledge of what inter
est a boy and put forth in dramatic co
hesiveness thev make the best and most
instructive reading in the world. Mr.
Jer.ks Is fully equal to his subject, and
hid pictures of these men who risked their
all in the interest of science and civiliza
tion cannot fail to make their impression.
The beginning of his work gives ; some
concise chapters on ' the earliest ¦ expedi
tions and what was known in olden times.
He then takes up the beginnings ¦ of Afri
can explorations ana : considers at' length
the work r of Stanley • and ' Livingstone -. In.
Africa; Burton and Speke in Abysssinia;
Boys' Book of Exploration.
The Maid of Bocasse- is Lady Yvette. a
thoroughly charming young woman, lov
ing and lovable, though daring and ven
turesome; and it is sometimes she, and
sometimes the gallant knight, Sir Gaston.
d'Ambricicourt. who is the principal fig
ure. It is in all respects a good historical
novel of unusual intcrost and sustains the
author's position" already gained by her
previous work, "Raoul and Iron Hand."
(Published by G. W. Dillingham, New
York, l'rice $1 50.) ,
Another historical novel comes from
May Halsey Miller, who depicts with
great dramatic force and historical accu
racy the stirring events of the close of the
fourteenth century. Though essentially a
love story, "The Maid of Bocaisc" inci
dentally shows in a fascinating manner
the knighthood, daring and chivalric
charncteri-stics cf French spirit and social
life during the age of the Black Trince.-
The Maid of Bocasse.
Musing thus. I HPt-mcd again to see the
form cf one who had earned the t'uie, for
he possessed in unstinted measure the.
character of a true Bohemian; Him you
knew; and, knowing, loved. ., Upon him
nature had showered with prodigal hand
her rarest gifts. Endowed with tho con
stitution of a giant, bis soul was tender as
a woman's. Possessed of rare wit, yet, so
considerate of the feelings of others that
his life's utterances might be scanned in
vain for a jest barbed with malice, or a
sally calculated to wound. A tempera
ment so well balanced that, with a heart
for every fate, he returned with a smile
the frowns of adversity and accepted
without exultation the favors of fortune.
A lover of nature, his genius expanded
and poured forth its garnered treasures
the closer It nestled upon the breast of the
great parent of the universe. Who that
has ever been with him of a summer's
day bv the side of the mountain brook,
or, when autumn had embrowned the
earth, around the camp fire' blazing under
fragrant i>ine or majestic redwood, can
ever forget the music of that deep voice
aa it discoursed upon questions of art,
of literature or of genial philosophy? A
poet whose lingers swept over all the w.
rylng chords of the lyre, who more me-
D^TSl, O'C'OfWgWW-
BN connection wan a charming spuvcnil
edition of the poems of the late Bo
hemian, Daniel O'Connell, just pub
lished liy A. M. Robertson, San Fran
cisco, under the title "Songs from Iio
hemia," these words which forrmd the
clos:ng of a paper upon the subject "Eo
hemia." road before the Bohemian Club
at the high jinks of April. 1S99, by D. M.
Delmas. will be found most interesting
p.r.d worthy of preservation:
(odiously than he has. told the legends oi
dusky maid and gallant .cuballe.ro," which
embody the romance of the early days of
California? Who f-ung of love In more
enchanting accfentH? Who awakened to
mo- e pathetic vibrations the notes nf hu
man sympathy and human sorrow? .
And him— him in the full noon of life,
or 'when the sun had just begun sloping
gently to its setting— fate cut down in his
career. His spirit, released but yesterday
from its tenement of clay, has soared
aloft to b»- answered it last the supreme
question which it had so oft.-n and so
vainly asked on earth: Whither go I?
And so we bore him to the green West
ern slopes, where < the murmur' of the
ocean, upon v.hich his youth had been
spent, meets the din of the city, which
had been the scene of his manhood's la
bors. There, with loving hands • we laid
him to sleep. There, bedewed with ths
tears of vernal showers, the violet blos
soms over the fresh-turned sod. Upon the
slab that marks the spot where his aj-hes
are inurned, the sculptor's chisel is even
now graving the story of his virtues and
his good deeds; commemorating with her
aldic scroll and noble emblazonry his de
scent from 'men of royal siege: recording
his Jdnshlp to that uncrowned Monarch
upon whom a grateful country still bo
stows the name of Liberator. Hut in per
fume sweeter than the fragrance of the
violet, more enduring than myrrh or
frankincense, his memory is embalmed.
His epitaph shall outlast the chiseled tra
cery of crumbling srunite or corroding
marble, for as long as a votary of Bo
hernia kneeis at her shrine his bosom will
heave with grief and his eyes be dimmed
with tears us he mourns over the loss of
"dour old Dan.'"
An • Amusing Geography.
A school book both amusinsj and practi
cal Is Scnora. Congdon Schutzs's Geog
raphy, which includes a system of map
drawing that is very ingenious. Children
will d( light ir. tho "Memory Songs." which
ar? all set to. popular airs, and before the
semester is half over they will have ac
<]'JircO. through them a fund of facts about
geography that would havo, taken years
of morel laborious study. (Published .by
The "Whitaker ¦ <Sc Ttuy Company. San
Francisco. Price ?l.) ' '
Missions of Uueva California.
A book that may .prove of value to those*
i-.terestcd in the miasUins is this his
torical sketch by Charles Franklin Car
tor—"The Missions of Xueva California."
During a four years' sojourn in this State
the writer became interested in its early
hisitory— in those days of the Catholic re
gime—and desired some book on the mis
sions. No such work could be found, so
Mr.. Carter prepared the j present book,
which will prove a ( very accurate guide
book and perhaps arouse an interest in.
collectively, the noblest architectural re
mains of former days to be found in the
United States. (Published by the AVh.t
aker & Ray Co., San Francisco. Price
?1 50.)
James Fenimore Cooper.
William Branford Shubrick Clymer, a
descendant of the; great American novel
ist, has. made a notable addition to the
"Beacon Biographies" by his life of James
Fenimore Cooper. The sea and the men
who have sailed upon it have been de
picted by many writers. .' but none ', have
given to the subject a brighter ana more
enduring charm' than' Fenimore Cooper.
On that grand element where so many
imitators are but literary; apprentice bovi
he still reigns high admiral. (Published
by Small,'' Maynard & Co., Boston 'Price
75c)
Wit and Wisdom of the Talmud.
The twelve" folio volumes . of the ; Tal
mud embody the mental labors of the
ancient ' Jewish : teachers for. a' period of-
; nearly; eight hundred years. The oldest
Certain chapters of Dr. Charles C. Ab
bott's work." "In Nature's Realm," ap
peared In Harper's Monthly and Llppln
cott's, and to the moc* serious ¦ readers
In Nature's Realm.
The botk Is attractively bound and is
printed in large, type on good paper.
(Published by Little, Brown & Co., Bos
ton. Price 75 cents.)
Tho third essay, "The Gospel of Qount
Tolstoi." is a fine character etudy of the
man who began life seeking everything
for bis own pleasure, but who was
brought to a realization of truth and the
brotherhood of man. A splendid picture
is drawn of this man, who is trying to
follow the letter of the law In leading a
Chrlstlike life."
She was afraid of yoking herself witli
an unbeliever. This last tragedy In Rus
kir.'s life is told most beautifully and as
Mr?. Ward says: "When we read some of
RuEkin's sublime passages on the mean
ing of life, we are amazed that one who
loved him could be so unable to distin
guish between the letter and the spirit."
In conclusion Mrs. Ward shows the
great influenco. of Ruskin, not only in the
field of art, but in religion— as he taught
mrn the spirit and not the form and made
them realize that "no man liveth to hlm
.«elf, and no man dieth to himself."
"When, many years aflcr his wife's dc-
BcrUon. leading a secluded life and long
ing for affection; ho falls in love with one
of his pupil?, who reciprocates his affec
tion, Mrs. Ward tel!s? how she refuses to
marry him aflcr reading his utterances
In "Forp Clavirjcra."
She goes on to tell of the great work
Rui-kln did for. the people, he having as
v: foundation principle of his political
economy, tho brotherhood of man.
.\fter Carlyle. nnd his gosbii of work
comes John Ruskin. the social reformer.
Jlis love Of truth Is shown In his whole
life. Sirs. V/ard shows Ruskin's sense of
Justice when she tells of the time he wrote
to. an artist friend, regretting that he
couM not speak more favorably of his pic
ture and hoping it would make no diifor
encc In thoir friendship-, ami the friend's
answer: "Dear Ruskin— Next time I meet
you I shell knock you down; hut I hope
it v.'iJl make lio difference in our friend
ship."
Mrs. Ward in l;cr forcible way brings
out the man and the one idea that he lived
for— to i!nd the truth and live up to it.
The authoress closes her Carlyle essay
with an account of the death of Mrs.
Carlyle and tho clo-injr scenes of Carlyle' ••=
life. v.Iien money nud fame came to him
too late for hi::i to share it with his fa!tl>
ful wife. '
Mr<=. Ward calls to mind the terrible
fate of the first volume of "The French
Revolution." when John Stuart Mill lent
the manuscript to Mrs. Taylor, who, after
sitting up all night reading it, left it on
her table, where the maid found it ani
used it to kindle the fire. After Mill had
stayed three hours talking to them and
had cone, the Carlyles rushed Into each
other's arms and wept to their hearts'
content^
?J^*t any woman aronns; Us try to iiuaijin*;
her own love letters, those of her husband;
together with all the letters they ex
changed after marriage; her own private
diary, if she lc:c-ps one, wherein are re
corded her most sacred thoughts and feel
ings, thoughts which rhe would not even
fchare with her husband, and his private
journal of all the daily happenings or
their lives; imagine, I say. that all these
sacredly private papers should be placed
in the hands of a man, not her husband,
who is to use bis own discretion aboot
givinp; them to the world. * • ? Ar.d so
poor Jennie Cailyle. after having been for
forty years a faithful wife, having sec
onded her husl and's aims In every way;
after having sacrificed her time, her
her own ambition on the altar
of his genius, is held up to the world as
a woman who did not love her husband.
And Thomas Carlyle, the brave teacher,
who taught us to despise Fiiam and re
nounce self, i.« called to account for every
cross, dyspeptic word he uttered during
forty years of married life."
JJr.s. Ward idakfl nt hi« married life as
a whole, and doesn't believe in bringing
forwiid all the unplfraeaiit things that are
bound to be tn ever^ -life. ¦' Sh<: says ill.
Froude has told ub things we had no risht.
to- know, and that we trt i as if we had
listened to a BCandal-nior2^er. Sh<? says.
InFroudo's life of Cnrlylehe has dragged
out every skeleton he could fii^l. and the
reader Closes the book with nnythinsr but
a love for the unselfish apdatle of truth.
At the mcation of Car'.yle's marriage
wifh Miss WcItIi the smp old diacusslona
always ari*e as to wl?c-thor he was not
selfish in his married life, whtther Jar.e
Welsh loved him. etc.
The author tells somothir.g W Carlyle'f
early life, his education. hl3 di^ai>)K)i!)t
rrent at not beinff able to comply w;th liis
parprit"' that he should become a
minister, lite mnrrias-e with &l!ss Welch
snd his many r.trugstle? asainst poverty,
ill lieaith and an unappnciat.ive pulili!..
which was so tlow to recognize the won
der of the agf.
Mrs. Ward says this was the gospel
needed by th» BenthnentaJ av.ti indolent
hga on which it fell, and its Influence can
not be overestimated. "To have aroused
a Bftlf-fceeWng K^rpration to a h'phcr idty
of life is a ta^k worthy of a prcphet."
In the life of Cailyle she shows that
although he v.-r-.s born over a hundred
>cars ago and that the inr-n of his time.
J<pats. Shelley ar.d Byron; belong un
questionably to a part i-.rre. be !»'-
Innps to our own day. Not until after
these meti hs\i\ finished their work in the
worlrl and bad j asf-cd put of it did Car
lylo find out what liis vork was to be; ar.u
this characteristic of keeping silence until
he had Fomctliin; to ray Rives ji true pict
ure of the man. His text. "If you have
anything to do !n the world, do it," w,i.s
the foundation of all h'.3 work.
She has a prefatory note, in which she
tells of Carlyle'a savins that John Ruskin
was the or!y man in England who was
carrying < ut his ideas: and of Ri;sl:ir»'s
najing a short sirnc- before his death thai
Tolstoi was tre one man in tho world who
stood for the movement he had t:ied to
further. " •
Prophets cf the Nineteenth Century.
"Prophets of ihe Nineteenth Century,"
by May Alden Ward, is an exetHeiit. little
book, and will not only be read with in
terc-st i>y the lovers of thoso writers of
truth— Cnr'yle. Ruskin • a::d Tohtoi— but
will be enjryed by all v.li-i are apprecia
tive of the bcsfJiterary stylo. It is a
scholarly piece of v.-ork. She gfvr« a
sketch nf the lifo of each in an unaffe t
ed t-tyle. choosing exactly the right inci
ficnts in their lives to bring out the men
in tliclr true lights.
The publisher has displayed great taste
fn the matter of printing binding
and the volume, besides being a souvenir
de.tr to the hearts of x're many friends <Tf
Mr. O'ConncIJ. will prove a valuable ad
dition to ;my collection of poetical works.
(Price U CO.)
My soul frim the solace excc<>dlnK the Mess<»d
Lower tho portcullis s-criiy. sentries, placed on
the Wall.
l.?t Ehadovs of quiet- :m<i Filence on all my
palace fall;
Suftiy ('.raw my curtains. I^t the world labor
a:vl v.co)>—
aly .miuI Is :ale cnvir.inoil by the wr.llp of my
(.luinilxr of sleep.
KKXV EDUCATION' READER— Hook II. De
velopment of the VoTve's. Py A. J. P^marpst
ami William M. Van f-'lekle. American Eooi
Company, New «¥ork. ii cents.
PO-NXJS OF THK XOliTH AND SOCTH— By
"vValtfr ilalcne. John P. Morton & Conj^any.
SHATirs AND FLATS— By Eugene FlelS.
collated by Fla.'on Thompson, pharles Scrib
ner's For!", Xew York. 12 50. two vilumn.
Books K"ceived.
In January the first issue of a new pub
llshlns tirra at 111 West Twenty -fourth
street. New York, styling ltsell Tha
Royal-Columbia Press" is to be a book ct
fiction from th» French of Georso de Fon
tarjjes by IX'shler "Welch, called "The
Story of Louise." The publishers an
nounce that It 13 at once ahsirbins'y
dramatic, clever and original. The scen^-j
of the story are at Paris. Monte Carlo,
on board of a yacht, and at Tangier-*.
"Louise" Is a woman of Paris: it is her
perfidy and a younj? man's duplicity that
provide the stcry.
If a thief were to steal your purse. an.J
leave a valuable diamond, rlns in. jrotrr
pocket, what would you do with the rlnR?
This is the situation that confronts tha
heroine of "A Ccmedy of Conscience." a
Ions story by Dr. Weir Mitchell, which
will be printed complete In the January
Century. The author's new novel. "Dr.
North and His Friends," is in Us thir
teenth thousand, and the new one-volumo
edition of "Hugh Wynne" is In Its twen
tieth; both were issued in October.
The most Important articles which tha
Atlantic Monthly announces for the com
ing year are a series of studies on "Ths
Reconstruction Period" in the Sauth. Tho
general introductory paper, to^appear in
the January number. 13 by. Professor
Woodrow Wilson of Princeton. Contri
butions by Thomas Nelson Page, Hon.
Samuel W. McCall. Hon. D. H. Chamber
lain and others will follow.
Ore of the most surprising successes or
the year. In a literary way. baa been
John Uri Lloyd's novel, "Strir.gt.iwn on
the Pike." Within seven weeks from thj
date of publication there have been
printed seven edition"?, amounting lr. all
to over thirty thousand copies.
Booth Tarlcir-ptcn. the anthor rf "MoiK
sfeur Boaucaire." is .->aid to he at work ca
another novel. If it proves to be the de
light that his last book Is. he may be
sure of an ever-srowinjr audience. It will
be published "by McClure. Phillips & Co.
literary Note3. -
Some of Mr. Herfrrd's verse is non
sense, but such delightful nonsense that
each thins that come? from his p^n is
hailed with delight by his host of admir
ers. (Published by Charles Scribner'a
Sons. Now York. Price $1 23.)
"Overheard in a Garden'.' ta a collection
of the mp'st charming hits of cossip ln
diilgerl in by the variotis fiowcra. In tho
same volume Mr. Herford has inserted
a few toasts qulta worth rpm^mbering 1 .
They ttreLdey?btfuI. Besides there 13 a
dialoRiie between Coryrion. a shepherd of
the fifteenth century, anrt Madeline, lead
ing lady of the Pinero Theater.
for they make a delightful addition to hin
book?.
Oliver Herfor'l needs no introduction.
The charm of his verses ij well known.
His illustrations but add to hi.« triumph.
Overheard in a Garden.
This work pf 301 pages embodies, cau-
Ucusly, much of tho emancipated thought
and diction which in rapidly finding ex
pression in a broader and sounder ortho
doxy. (Published by Eaton fa Mains. San
Francisco and New York. Price $1 25.)
If the author is correct in his conclu
sions, the great controversy of the cen-
Uuie; has been without roal basis and the
"Second Adventists" are uselessly devot
ing themselves to the interpretation, for
future fulfillment, of a lonpr list of say-
Ings- and prophecies, which have long cen
turies ago been realized.
Rev. Dr. W. S. Urmy's new book of the
above title contains a remarkable and
frc~h .d!scu?sion of the second advent or
crrrAnr: of Christ. The author takes the
ground' and s-upports it v.-ith much
strength and weight of scriptural argu
ment that the "coning asain." or parou
sia, of which Christ and the aDostles
spoke with such confider.ee and immedi
ate expectation, actually took plncc as
predicted— at about the year 70 (A. D.) t or
concurrently with the destruction of Jeru
salem by Titus Vespasian.
Christ Came Again.
It is to be feared that the author ha3
wasted hi" time upnn giving advice upon
this subject, for no amount of words will
;:ffect Cupid and his pranks. (Published
by, U. C. Page. & Co.. Boston. Price 25
cents each.) .
"On the Training of Lovers," by Austin
Bierbower, contains live chapters of ad
vice—"Learning to Love." "Selection In
Love," "Preventing Love," "Curing
I.ove" r.nd "Inspiring Love."
She speaks of the many who have no
homes, and says some substitute for horre
life in needed. She suggests co-operative
housekeeping aa a way of bringing these
homeless people together, and claims that
it would lead to a much richer life than
can be had in boarding houses or hotels.
"Makins the Most of Social Opportuni
ties," by Lucia Ames Mead, contains
some good ideas regarding the advance
ment of society. Among many other
thirgp she says that women's clubs, which
in time will be a tremendous force in
American life, are at present not fully
alive to their opportunities and exhaust
the'.r energies In a desultory activity.
The successful minister, he says, must
be a gentleman, a scholar, a scientific
man. a man of the broadest sympathy and
a man who has in himself the conscious
ness of God in his soul.
He tells ministers to **tnp asking people
why they don't come to church. "No
man." he says, "can give what he does
not posses?: and if it is true that the con
gregation go on Sunday morning to
church to get faith and hope and love,
they will not get it unless the minister has
faith and hope and love in his own heart.
This has been the secret of the power of
all great preachers."
to rise, no matter in how humble a po
sition nor under whar disadvantages he
may be. Some of the qualities necessary
are alertness, industry and a desire to
please. /
"Why Go to Church?" is a religious
treatise by Rev. Lyman Abbott. Mr. Ab
bott locks at life in a 'iberal way.
"The Young Man In Business," by E'J-,
¦ward Bok, contains some good advice to
young men. He takes the ground that as
a general' rule a young: man's Income is a
¦ pretty abcurate Indication of his capacity.
He goes on to say that the average yqunfc
man is a mere automaton— at his office
promptly, faithful in Ilia duties; each day
finding htm just where he was the day
previous., Thfs is the ;vpe. be says, of tho
young man to be found in thousand3-of
offices . and . stores. Although he ' detract3
nothing 1 . from his, employer's business ho
adds nothing to It by advancing any ideas.
He has no ; creative ability. Mr. Bjk
thinks that too many are satisfied to re
main in the positions in which; they find
themselves : and do not" study the needs
of tho next ; position ' above 'them. He
thinks it is "possible for every younff man
Page & Co. are publishing in thia senM
stories and short trei'.tisea on religion,
self-culture and.reform. These inexpen
sive little books, in attractive form, will
be a means of influencing a very wide au
dience for good. The volumes contain
from thirty to sixty pa^cs and are printed
on good paper and bound In cloth.
The Day's "Work Series.
Kvory one who haa a coi>y of ."DavJd
Harum" will wish to possess a copy of
Mr. Vance's book, for in many ways the
latter is a sunnlemcnt to Mr. Westcott's
novel in that it deals with mnny stories
ant) anec«lotes which Mr. Vance has ob~
tninod from the neighbors of Mr. Hun
num. People must take Mr. Vance's work,
as they will. They may refute it; they
may accept it; they may even agree with
tho; few who still regard Ruclyard Kipling
as the author ut 'David Harum." (Pub
lished by the Baker & Taylor Company,
New York.)
•Air. Vance has gathered together all the
wise and droll sayings, curious anecdotes
and principal events in the life' of the
hero of that popular book.
Many claim that David Harum fs but a
creation of Mr. Westcott'u mind, but Mr.
Vance, who Is the author of thja book, is
confident that the real David Harum was
a well-known resident of Homer, N." Y.
The Real David Harum.
If one should take the trolley road that
runs out of Cortland, which is tho me
tropolis of Cortland County, New York, he
•-an go easily to Homer. And It Is in
Homer that David Harum. or David Han
mim. lived. At least, so Arthur S. Vance
asserts. .
The author has carefully followed all
the- historical data procurable, and has
made riot only a most interesting story
but has portrayed a beautiful* picture of
a most bcautifut country. It Is a story
rich in Iroquols Indian lore, and a charrh
ins episode set in a framework of one of
the most striking periods of our Revolu
tionary history. (Published by W. A.
Wilde & Coi, Boston. Price $150.)""
Tn "Tho Pathfinders of the Revolution"
William Elliot Griffls,.D.D., has taken up
a rniquc and exceptional period in his
tory—the famous march of Major General
John Sullivan into Central and Western
Now York. At the time it was considered
a most foolhardy attempt, but the skill
and valor of hhs men, aided by careful
generalship, brought victory at last. The
movement contained almost one-third' of
the whole Continental army, and its suc
cesses when compared with its losses
seem almost incredible. '
Pathfinders of the Revolution.
Shabbona, • the white man's friend,
comci. in for recognition- and fitting honor,
and Black Hawk himself is pictured with
dignity and strength, but, above all. It 13
particularly pleasing as a picture of
Western life In and around the small vil
lage of Chicago in 1S31. Throughout the
entire book history is treated with accu
racy and the story is full of life from be
ginning to end. (Published by W. A. Wilde
Company, Boston. Trice $150.)
Tl'.o two girls Ti-ho are introduced into
the si.iry form another interesting bit of
history, for their experience with the In
dians and their subsequent rescue is the
eettlrtB forth in the form of fiction what
i:.: no\v HlmoEt for^otton. but which wa?.
at lh<> time, the most thriliing adventure
of tho Black Hawk war— the capture and
rescue of Rachel and Sylvia Hall.
William E. Barton. D.D., has just writ
ten fcr boys a story dealing v,ith the
Black Hawk war, "The Prairie Schoon
er." The Black Hawk war opened to im
mlgn-.tion what is now the Middle We<?t,
and introduced to public notice: many men
•afterward famous, among whom were
Abrahnrp Lincoln, Jefferson Davis, and
otl:cr.s appearing in this book, not a*s they
were Inter known, but a3 they were -at
;hut time. .,;.'.: :
The Prairie Schooner.
Jacinta.
Howard V. Sutherland is to be compli
mented for his recent book of poems, "Ja
cinta, a Californian Idyll, and Other
Verses." He writes with sincerity, metri
«al ease and sympathetic understanding:.
The following lines from "Jacinta" well
show his appreciation of the Golden
State:
Look out unon your fertile land.
Ye Californlans, and be proud;
The sen is yours, that golden sand,
These mountains which defy the cloud:
Thoae vallryi rich In fruit an«l corn
Those et.-f.-ams where trout and salmon upaw
Ve have of precious ores your share.
Ye have ynur cattle and your steeds:
Ye have your solemn forests, where
Xo drunken Pan e'er pined on reeds
To break the dreams of redwood trees
As hoary as ti'e centuries
Ynur tens are clean-snulrd, brave and strong
<lr<-cl men to love, gord men to R?ht;
Good ir.en to rectify a wrr.r.c
Whets once they start to tet t!rinps rlsht.
Anil nirtke new Jaws an<l Mn'.:>Ier creeda
To svit. thei- fellows' many neeJs.
Your ilnur.hter* are as fair as» r>e<'ir!s.
As ruro iis oure'st j>ear! can be;
(A health. to nil dear Western srirls
Acros the land. -across the sea'.)
lif-hold their Etiength of limb, thPir grrace;
Ye need nol fear for Western race.
'..ook out unon thia State of yours.
Ye Call.'oinijins of to;*!ay;
Vie wcrld is ft your vc:y itoer»~.
Ye cannot Ucr:> th? w^riil av.ay:
and i" your dreanis when >«c are dead
Ye'll hear it trantpinK overhead.
(Published bv Doxey, New York. Trice
Vo cintaii
This alphabetical feature Is particular
ly commendable, as it places the quota
tions %vlthin immediate reach of 'th<?
writer or speaker who cares to use them.
There are nearly five hundred different
subdivisions of subjects.? embracing, al
most every human attribute or action,
and under each head are given one cr
more sentences from the Talmud relating
to it. (Published by the Baker & Taylor
Co., New York.)
"Wit and Wisdom of the Talmud," by
Madison E. Pettr?, consists of one hun
dred and fifty pages of the most useful
ami striking parts of that very venerable
book arranged alphabetically according to
subjects to which they relate.
Such a mass, while valuable, is like nn;
on the dump of a mine. It is not service
able to the average man.
part of the writings are over three thou
sand years old.
A very valuable little book for the use
of students is "Macaulay's Essay on War
ren Hastings." edited with introduction
and notes by Mrs. Margaret J. Frick,
head of English department. I-os Angeles
High School. Its contents include n lifo
of iMncaulay, Tndla, the British in India,
Indian terms. Macaulay's works, contem
poraneous history, Bibliography, a sug
gested method of study, map of India,
Warren Hastings, notes and an index to
notes. (Published by the Macmillan Com
pany. New York. Price 23 tents.)
Macaulay 's Essay on "Warren Hastings
The book is splendidly illustrated, and
further will make an excellent «uide to
the study of the writings of explorors.
It is in general a companion to the suc
cessful "Boys' Book of Inventions," by
the same author. (Published by Double
day, Pace & Co., New York. Price $2.)
Sir Samuel Baker's discovery of the Al
bert Nyanza; GeorR Schweinfurth's jour
neys in Central Africa; Rockhill's adven
tures in Tibet; Sven Hedin, the Swede, in
Central Asia, and the exploration of Aus
tralia. •
I>r. Abbott's m'.ks will endear him to
those who love and appreciate nature as
he does. He docs not advocate an outing
because it Js the proper thing "to <lo,"
but because one's mind may expand, be
cause one mp.y contemplate, nature 'as a
whole; may realize what life Is to the
broader, happier sense. The. chapters are
all beautiful. "Faclns the North Star" is
perhaps one of the most delightful. The
Illustrations] too, are very good. There
must be almost a hundred of them, done
by Oliver Kemp. Dr. Abbott is well
Unuv.n l>y the class of readers who can
j'l'preciatf such fine books ai his "Notes
of the Nirjht" and "An t'pland Meadow."
This new nublioation will be gladly re
ceived by them and the many who should
wish to enjoy the writing from such a
lover of nature ns Dr. Abbott- is. (Pub
lished by Albert Brandt, Trenton, N. J..
Price. $^ r<:'.;
who rear! them there will come with pleas
ure this volumes "In Nature's Realm."
That Dr. Abbott is a true lover of nature
la shown in every chapter, and one that
will perhaps illustrate his characteristics
Letter than any other is the one on "An
Audience of One."
>s in the \reft the evening tun (rocs down.
And. dying. BloriScs with varied hues
«"if pcld and purple ail the floating clouds
That saw him elrwly sink below the verge;
Bo th? eld year to u« — who, vrith a sigh,
Mark his last henr. as tranquilly he fades-
Leaves many a rich-hued memory behind.
The twilight fades, the nlffht goes by. anon
The eastern eky Is Rushed with joyous clouJs
That wait expectant fcr the sun's return;
And as he climbs the blue and eleams and
plOWF,
G!ae<'eninp the -urerld and all life with the
¦ - - ..
cawn,
The tlouij and peaks recel%*e his kiss and
bluth.
Fo we, the fresh young new Tear hall, nor
grieve
Tor that which In the solemn midnight died.
-,;-¦:•"'
The hope, the promise of some better thinsrs
Than ire have known brightens dull hearts
A sunbeam Btiift from parted clouds breaks
forth
f>'rr meadows en a fitful April day.
Oip.Mr.K the fhede to l.iu- on hills and proves.
The tr.iriod SFpiratioiis— though their rjraves
Have not yet known a binple sen?rm't change-
Are all forrotlen: as list child who flies
To rrarp ihe RSm!y mcth. and. failing, turns
To t'luck a flower, which seems the richer prize.
The Ftcr:T>-tc£»*d eailrr. sh«n the wave !f high.
Ami bit'er *¦ Infix. icp-Kidcn, sxieep the d^ck.
lr. Crea'.ae beholds the trcplc summer seas.
Where prntlt xephyi«. with the perfumed
>aiL
Thus, turalnc from lh« oW year's ch»ate<J
AnO bnjkrn promlsrs and erring decfis.
We look Ijejiond^to plja^ant scenes and paths
V. ;.i. li vtrsin xscnths rtall eralliagiy <Jisclc«;.
Coice. elart New Tear, unwritten scroll, white
V> :-.»!«• we nay write the record of (rood deeds
l*on« left undone— anaalx of l..ra\-e rcsolre,
Accanir»li*li'*'J by sur^t x^atience and strong
Come, Rind New Year. lM make us strong and
true;
And when yon cink. eun-Iike. below the verge.
Tie we the rlouds to rt«r for evermore
Tbe pilOen brightness of your memories.
His was ihe s=oul of a great thinker la
< '.<'j>-e communion with nature. Dy a
striiuce coincidence the last poem that he
¦wrote. "The Chamber of Sleep." was com
posed jur-t ten days before his death. JJy
It be may be raid to have sent a loving
farewell to his frieeds who were still
to carry on the burdens of life. It makes
a most fitting close for this volume:
1 have a Castle of Silence, Tanked by a lofty
keep.
And :¦•.-:-¦ the drawfcridce lleth the lovely
chamber of ¦*ie«p:
Its walls are draped with legends woven in
thread? of rnld..
LcfSBd* beloved in dreaailand. In the tranquil
H<re \ict the Princess sleeping In the palace,
solemn and still.
And Knijrht anJ Countess ehimber; and even
the noisy rill
Thct flowed by the ancient tower has passed
on its way to the eea.
And the deer are a«lecj) in the forest, and the
birds are asleep la the tree.
And I in ray Castle of Silence, to my chamber
of eleep lie down.
Like the far-oft rounncr of forests come the
turbulent echoes of town,
Ar. : tbe wran«rlinj? tcafc-uea about me have no
«=y=nr:nr: ha? just been DUbllfthcd by
j A. M. Robertson til San Francisco a
H rard book of verws by the late D;m-
Icl O'Connclt Mr. Q'Cbnpdl w*w
our of the founders of the Bohemian Oh:')
of i his city ::nd a man not only pojwlnr
for his remarkaUia versatility of <-harat
i. r. which enabled l'.JJa lo sirs, a sor;;,
write a poctn. cook a <-Jpb dinner or take?
any part in the merry jir.Us*. but also or.>;
beloved by every member for his own
charming personality.
Very properly the introduction to th-j
present volume or po»ws has been writ
ten by his old friend ar<d fellow-clubman.
William Greer Harrison. We regret that
space prevents our s'lvin? the whole of.
this excellent biographical sketch which
contains so much of the Interesting life
of O'Connell* The following, howeverj
will (five an i«Ica cf tnc m;ui himself as
he wa* t<) men:
I knew, »nd 1 thini: undrr*to.?d. 'Xl^'^-nci:.
O-jr frteafSahlp covered a quarter of a. cfcntary
rf r 3 !iftrr.ias growth. 1 eaw !:!.ti under all
the cor^itior.n <;f llf -¦>. I knew him as poet
litterateur, athlete, humorist and liohcmian:
and. the more I saw cl him a:vi t!ic better I
fcr.<vr him. the taore I iovej him.
His gop<l l.rmor v.\is inexhaustible. Ills nature
e'jr.r.y raid his temper exceptionally tweet.
But vr.<ler the jester's Karl>. beneath the ha
biliments of burner, "here was a nature sironp.
<Jfrp and extremely reflective: a mind that
ir-zit wi:h a'.l the pre&t problems of life, that
Cared to question, that dared to ask v.hy.
O'Ccnr.eil was a true Eohrmiau In the Iilsrh
*>ft pence of that macb talmatontfood vnd.
He had an abundant taith in the providential
irapuls'5 ol !ils friends, who never failed hire.
The cares and wowim of ordinary life passed
bi:n by a* one Immune. No man ever ta-.v
O'Ccnne!! in d<?Fr*in<!ent mood. He was the
sun JtFelf— comforting ethers, he hr>j no time
for rrsret3. He was in lovs with r^aure. aad
Fhe was v-iy generous in brr slfiw to him.
He had a rnajrninei-nl physique— which he. kept
aJvaya in condition. Ue was an excellent
l>cx<~r. a capital wrestler, a feplesfild Bwofdi
m:»n, a preat aa£l;-r and lcrvei ell kinds of
outdoor life.
He was an inventor of humor, genial, loving
hits without a euR-ptEtion of ranecr. His laugh
wes a Lcnison. his smile an inspiration. To
lx> with him was to »>? happy.
Thi> rich organ-like tune of his voice was
n BWral tonic, bractox out Up to deeds of love.
He had no enemies. because he vouM n<n
permit cny <ine to be out of harmony with him.
Mr. O'Conncil was the son of jbharlos
O'ConneH, a «c!ebrated lawyer and th«s
prar.dr.i phew of the prcat Irish patriot.
He was born la Clare, in the old town of
Er.nis. and his tarly education was direct
ed by the Jesuit Fathers: hence his keen
appreciation of the classics ar.d all phase
of philosophy- Later the youth went as
:i rr.idcy in the Eritinh navy, but afttr
vteiUcs an ur.cle in N<; w "York he decided
to abandon Lb« f=oa and live in the Xav
World. Ho finally came to San Francisco;
tpeat his earliest davs i» California at
tbe Santa Ciara College, and linaily drift
ed ir;to Journalism.
OConncll has done home excellent work
ir. the literary world and the fact thiiA
!s!.« « ff«;rtP arp not better known is proln
¦My <iue to bis indifftrtnre to the finan
i ial c-nds of life. He wrote because h-s
loved to write and not v.ith the view of
monetary pains. Ke will be remcmbore-J
for the opera "Bluff; Kin? Hal." which .he
wrote in collaboration with Dr. H. J.
Btemtrt; for biv- drama. "The Red Fcr:."
and his novel, "A Special Deposit"; but
be was at his best In nis shorter sketches
and poems— matter wr'tten on the inspira
tion of the moment. He served on all of
the dailies and most of the weeklies In
town, but will be particularly remem
l.cred la the newspaper world as th<?
founder, jointly with Henry George, of
the Evening Post.
His poems just published have been col
lected with {rre::t care and represent some
of his best work. They range from the
sublimest thoughts of u. true lover of na
ture to little bits of home pictures and
verse of human passions and emotion*.
Here Is one most appropriate for the
season:
XKW TEAR THOUGHTS.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
4the gr«. forcing upon the mlrid3 of
the Icupiv officials the necessity of a new
diamond in the near future. This also is
& contemplated change £o: next season.
Horse racing;, fallen from its high es
tate by the jockeyinjj methods of an arch
schcin- r. has been purified by the elimina
tion of this man, and California racing
bids fair to be sen^fltional. Two tracks
are alternately operated within reach oi
thLs city, and tlioasandk attend daily. The
strings of liors^s that are hcie this win-
ter are the best that we have seen, the
special handicaps are' well arranged, and
the men who are conducting tho tracks
are of a caliber to insure good racing.The
San Francisco Jockey CJub. tho new or
ganization, headed by Prince Poniatow
ski, has been a happy successor to the un
happy Pacific Jockey Club. . .which for
merly operated at Ingluside. . The San
Francisco Club operates* the track at-Tan
foran. and has recently obtained a lease
o* the inslesidc tracli ar.d plant, which
may mean the rehabi'.ltation of this beau
tiful racing park; provided, supervisorial
reconsideration la obtained.
While .coursing, baseball ai}d horse rac
ing have' been flourishing, prise lighting
has been on a slippery toboggan/In' San
Francisco.. The so-called amateur clubs
with their four-round bouts : have glutted
the public maw and the chicanery of
lighters and promoters' has dampened an
interest in gjod, clean, legitimate, higb
class,; scientific jjusrilism. Uut there is a
strong; hope of redemption. The Super
visors declare that they will put a check
upon cheap prize lights, is3uing licenses
only^to clubs of good standing and high
repute. There is a club in. the local field
which promises the best lights In th3
world. As the Kastern field ha3 been
closed against pugilists there Is a strong
prospect til' a, lively pusilistlc season here
in San .Franclucc.
So much for professional sports patron
ized by - local enthuiiiasts and' devotee"*.
Now for the amateurs,- the men who par
ticipate in spcrt for sport's sake.
Foremost, among the amateurs i3 tha
college .athleto and California, porsessca
two big universities ; in the same level of
athletic Achievement. As the years go
by the rivalry between Stanford and
California, fostered by college spirit,
grows apace. Football, baseball and
track athletics are the branches cf sport
which grip up*;fi the collegian. Bright
and rosy are the prospects of athletic en-
Sporting Editor
ot f.ne Call.
FILL of promise on tho f.eld c.l
Bportc is the lirst year of the twen
tieth century. The concluding
cycle of the ninety-nth century traj
productive of unusnal activity Ir. the ppnrt
realm, and there is every earnest an-1
token of a more successful year in this
inaugrural cf a new era.
Present conditions and formulated plar?
lor the near future Indicate an • fferves
crr.t lif<? in those pastimes and re< r^ation^
¦which draw man o\:t of himself ar.d siv>,
him teni;>orary Eurcease of toil ami
trouble. Both <">n the professJonal and
fcrr.ateur field wi!l this coming year bt
on« of sound, strong aciiau. By statis
tical accounting the number of psop'.e in
terested passively ar.d actively in general
sports or in a BSnjjlie special branch ha.-;
txr-r-n doubled In the past five years.
Four cardinal professional sports attract
the urm*orkln£ hours ct the San Franciso
rubLc. They u.ro baseball. hors» racinjj.
cour:-::r.s and prize fightit-.g. All but the
last of these have made rapid "strides dur
ing the past year and will show a greater
following; izi I90L Eta*eball has once more
!••¦< 11 placed upon a pure footing, courfin?
has curne to May and horse racing has
been put upon a higher plane. Pugilism
ha< retrograded, but in this retrogression
:. -•::.! wat l»orn that will bring the sport
back to the days wbi-n sckntilic. clever
fighter* f<u;pht in San Francisco rings.
The umatf-ur snorts which engage the
Interest, lime and attention cf men and
women who put aside the drudgery of th^
workaday woild for the delight* of phys
ical animation and muscular endeavor arc
football, track athletics, swiir.nir.g, soil.
handball, tennis, bicycling, yachting, row
ing, bowline and fox hunting.
The greatest strides made in the special
branches of sport during the past year
were in coursing and in handball. The
year 1900 opened with two coursing asso
ciations In the field. Warring element*
clashed and It v.as discovered that one
roust give way. This left the field to the
Union Coursing Park Association, a cor
poration composed of solid sportsmen.
who have made San Francisco the great
ccur>ins center of America if not the
world. Eigger prizes have been awarded
to winners of special stakes in Kngland,
euch as the classic Waterloo, but nowhere
are there such extensive greyhound ken
nels as in this city and vicinity. Coursing
Jias developed to Fuch a degree that it
teems as if its limit of advancement has
b > d reached. But further attempts, will
he made along the line of progression. In
October of 1S*>J u tfiCOO stake- made the In
terstate Coursing Association^ operating
ct Union Coursing Park, famous the wcrld
over. It is the Intention of Western
coutsing men to enlarge this grtat annual
coursing evert, the John Grate stake.
When the stake of 1M is run the prize?
will be $lu,</».
As the stake? grow in s'ze so does the
quality of the degs entered improve. Only
the best hounds win big money, and this
alone forces improved breeding. It is safe
to say tha.! coursing will continue its 01:
ward tup in 1901. Many special stakes
the prizes of which run up in the taou
eands will be on the cwurs^njj.proKrainrrn.'
in the coming year. The two most nota
ble will be the Bfcllo Erandon for p^pplea
in February the John Grace challenge
cup in October-
It seems ttrange, but it is a fact, never
theless, that the two recently p-jpularizeJ
tports, coursing ar.;i handball, Lelong pri
marily to the Jrish people. Wr.erever one
goes these days lie meeis boys or young
men playing handball. Athletic clubs
without handball courts at present ai\
not worthy of the fin me. Even tha coi
leges, California and Stanford, are realiz
ing the training exercising possibilities in
this game, a::d the students are taking to
it with all the ardor of 'the lecal enthusi
ast. Kandball bids fa'.r to displace every
other indoor game, or exercise. A chair.
jjionalilp lour; a:::-T.t is an- established
thing new, atid to reaiize the active Inter
< .-l in tlie gi'.^v; a visit to any <rM of t^/
rr.Jiny courts in this city is all that .s
necpsscry. Tlicre are many handba'5
;-(*cpts Jr. San Francisco, ar.c! r^.e coming
>var will treble <hc number. T'-.o Olympic
dub \< i:i bo'd EtsveraJ ui«c-n tournaments,
tineie iirj'l double, during the year.
The CaiiTorniJ Dacctall League is the
purveyor of professional bafeball in this
<it\. Net «stac« the oid halcyon days of
the lin\n}>'. .'trtc-1 jrr'j-Jrds, when -the. mad
Sunday crowd yelled itsrlf bwirss with
far.atic fervor, has t;:»!e !jr«>n such a sea
son as that just ra- se ' 3 - And the* next,
which begins in April, v.ill be an improve
ment cn.the past. Kour league teams rep
icsentlns E*n Francisco. Saczamento,
Oakland and Stockton, playe-l Saturdays
ar.d Sundays fcr 'tight months. In all
that time ;!:•!«¦ v;is a sr.Kie postpone
ment, ar.d this was'vn.accouni '. of rain.
The plans for ntrt etasoa are bcij>g dis
cussed by the league magnates. As yet
they art not formulated. Perhaps, the
greatest change rrJcbt be a six-cub
league Instead nf the present' 'quattet of
teams. At the Sunday frames irrowds of
tx>cctators taicu the *ea.ting capacity of
counter foe both universities. Tne base
ball and track season wll! soon be on and
:hen the student athlete will once more
ill the public eye.
An Impirfar.t conference will be held
.his month by representatives from both
?c!lcrcs fcr the purpose of discussing an3
ccodlfying the terms of the intercollegi
ate asrrc.oment in regard to the selection
rf plucea for the playing of football
p-ames and tiie ¦ matter of Imported
coaches. The present agreement declares
that no Eastern reaches be used and
;l-at all prrrics bo played on either of th«
college grounds. Both these clauses will
probably be rescinded a3 college sentl
r:"-nt Is set In opposition to them.
The track contests between Stanford
rr.d California have always been easy
victories for the blue and sold. It will
net be the same th's coming: season,
Stanford has new and fine material to
n-crk upon, ar.rt t?ben the cardinal meeta
the blue and gold In the spring the battle
will be close and hard fought.
Both the collppre "na??ba!l teams will b«
bettor than the average. The material
at Berkeley and Palo Alto is of improved
quality and a better order of game 13 ex
pected.
With al! the aquatic facilities offered
the athlete In and around San Francisco
it is to be lamented that no greater use
baa been made of then. Yachting, row
ing and swimming should bo leading
'pcrt3 en this coast. While rowing and
swimming have a fair following yachting
is practically confined to two active clubs.
This means % that competition In yachting
circles is limited. There Is no place In
the country that Is more adapted for tha
saiHrg of comparatively smaH craft than
the Can Francisco Fay. Yachtlns as a
recreation has a great number of de
votees; as a snort where ractng is tha
acme yachting is backward; In San Fran
isco waters.
A few of the wealthy yachtsmen of San
Trancisco miirht do much toward the ad
vancement of th? big boat racing. A3 tha
sport itself is a very expensive one only
men v-ith big Incomes can afford" to keep
a big 3"acht in commi^on. Some few
years ego there was a rivalry and compe
tition even nmor.jr these limited few, but
thH has seeemingly passed away and It
will take another generation to produco
anything like a proportionate Interest In
yachting |uch as exists In New York and
rther favorably situated Eastern cities.
The clientele of yachting on this coast
and particularly on San Francisco Bay
is the young commercial or professional
man who goes to his c'.ub. the Corinthian
or San Frar.ci.^cu. on a Sunday or a Sat*
urday night for a v>ne day's sail. Recrea
tion, not racing. Is his watchword.
The rowing clubs arc active organiza
tions in a small Way. tlevelopir.g good but
not remarkable 5r.dividr.al oars-men. Re
gattas are quite frequent and the annual
championships hardily contested.
Hardly anyvhero will better swimmers
be found than in S:n> Francisco. This la
uve to the faculties and the lack of a
markod seasonal clinrite. Swimming on
the side of health tonic and a recreation
stanos as one of our prominent sports ami
will continue as !cng as the indcor tanks
last
'Cycllnc is another dethroned sport in
this State. Tfceir v . ?.s a timo when all
the v.orld was btIkhjL Bicycle manufac
turers say nort- wh«l3 are In use to-day
ttanVW baforc£ This may he true, but
-there are fewer racer:-? ani fewer o cling:
ittctingc. Again has a s^ort become sfead
..tvtd by resultant recreation.
Goif is booming with a sl»ady firs.
Hardly c city in the State has not the
fcoif tlnics and competition is on the in
ert nil-. Golf will take a rapid stride In
lioU tretty soon Daviu i>e!l ut.Z " »Viilic"
fen-it*:, champion profes«iiosiu!aJ wiU be ir»
this city and they will play in a series of
tournamei.ti to educate the mind of tha
Something comparatively new to Call
forniar.3 id the so-caflcd fox hunting, now
the winter pastime of the Burliagasa*
riders. It matters not whether thera ba
a fox or ric. the aniseed serves the pur
pose as well. Frank Carolan, master of
the hunt, and Peter Martin have beea
making elaborate preparations for a win
ter of sport. They have just returned;
frcm a visit to the Eastern »1jld3 and will
introduce some new wrinkles into 'West
ern adaptations of the fox-hunt.
Fox-bunting in winter, polo in summer.
What is promised in polo in the coming:
year may be prejudged from the past. Tha
Fame has become popularized— that Is, un
derstood by the general public, which was
allowed several chur.ces to see the rival
teams of Burlinsame play on a foreign
soil.
Shooting and fishing, both with their en
thusiasts ever shouting, promise many
new converts this coming year. Nearly
every ordinary kind of game and fish Is to
be found In California. Shooters and fish
ers are just beginning to realize that pres
ervation of both game and fish will mean
more to them than wholesale slaughter,
and the , Legislature will be called upoa
to pass restricting laws at this very ses
sion, t
Whether be follows a sport as a sport
cr as a recreation, the Califcrnian has no
right to complain. The field Is a vaxietX
one, and no matter what the branch, ho
is sure to sate his soul with his own fav
ored pastime during the first year of tixa
new century.
THE FUTURE OF SPORT IN CALIFORNIA
THE SUNDAY CALL.
5coma forward to support his theory,' and
paleontology and embryology have con
firmed the principle laid down by Darwin.
Electrical science was in Its infancy,
with little more than the existence of elec
tric force recognized, when Michael
Faradav (1791-1867) was discovered by Sir
Humphry. Davy binding books. The se
crets of voltaic and magnetic induction,
yielded to Faraday's experiments, and
electrolysis, the wonderful chemical ac
tion of the electric current, followed.
He was tho pathfinder In practical elec
tricity, the one man to whom the applica
tion of electricity to practical purposes is
dua. What this means needs but a glance
about us to understand.
The spread of scientific knowledge
among the people has risen to great
heights chiefly through the influence of
Thomas Huxlev (1S25-1895). Like Dar
win, ho began work on one of the vessels
sent out by the, British Government, and
it. was after the publication of "The Ori
gin of Species" that he began his life task
of convincing the people of the ti»uth of
evolution. ;•">
zon in all his power. Trained In diplo
macy in St. Petersburg and Paris, h© re
turned to become President of the Cabinet
and to close a parliament which would not
vota the money for the reorganizing of the
army. Ho accomplished his purposes re
lentlessly, humiliating Austria in 1366 and
taking- Alsace-Lorraine from France in
1S70. ¦*
Tho unity of Germany is his achieve
ment, and the reform of the coinage, codi
fication of the laws, nationalization of the
railroads and introduction of a. pro
tective tariff were but means to this end.
The power that he wielded was more au
tocratic than that of any monarch, but It
drew its warrant from the strength of hla
personality alone.
In constructive statesmanship Benia
mln Disraeli (1SO4-1SS1) came nearest In
achievement t» Bismarck, though his
method was altogether different. It is to
him that Victoria owes her title of Em
press of India (1876), and to him was the
passage of the reform bill (1S67) largely
due. :
If ho had to achieve by Indirect methods
what Bismarck did by force It was due to
the leader of the Irish home rule partj
In 1SSO.
It was with him that Gladstone, in ISSfl
formed the parliamentary allianca on th(
home rule bill, which secured the supnor
of all the Irish members, but caused ;
split in the Liberal party and restore*
Lord Salisbury to power.
The great representative of France li
this department was Louis Adclnht
Thiers (I7r.7-1ST7>. He witnessed numer
ous changes during the perturbations 01
the age, and: himself served m ifin««fi>« oi
foremost as a novelist, that of Nathaniel
Hawthorne (1S04-1SGO. Covering the new
field of Puritanism, he gave tho world the
classic "Scarlet Letter," as well as the no
less delightful "House pf Seven Gables,"
with all its poetic power. The head of the
American Apollo did not belie its owner.
England recognized American literature
ao a force to be reckoned with first from
the works of Hawthorne.
Henrv Wads-worth Lonefellow (1S07-
I-SS2) is the most popular of America's
poets. It Is true that he transferred the
romanticism of the early part of the cen
tury from Europe to the 'Western Conti
nent,* but th*>re was an originality in his
method which made the old ideas new on
new soil. "Hiawatha" is the preat epic of
the departing Indian; "Evangeline"
epitome of the romance of the new Aca
dia, and "The Courtship of Miles Stan
dish" the tuneful romance of stern Puri
tanism. His shorter poems are favorites
with many of the people who seek the
simply beautiful and melodious. t
The chief man of letters of the new
world was James Russell Lowell, even
though there is no one supremely great
production from his pen. "The Biglow
Papers" were a historic force, and the
keen criticism of his numerou3 essays
made for the best appreciation of the no
blest in literature. ; -•
As the well rounded literary character
who could write lyric, epic or satirical
poems, trenchant critical essays and 'state
papers of weight and worth with equal
facility and finish, Lowell stands forth as
the best expression of manhood that tho
American literary word has known.
By r«n and voice he fought for and with
Darwin, arousing antagonism especially
by his position toward orthodoxy. He
was the inventor of the much-abused
term agnosticism, helping largely In the
modern movement which has made It im
possible to blame people for doubt.
The mo'st popular and widely known
representative of the host of men engaged
upon the study of bacteria and the pre
vention of disease by special inoculation la
Louis Pasteur (1S22-1S9Q. Ho solved
many chemical problems in early life and
by 1S5S had given his name to a method
of removing the harmful bacteria from
water by special filtration.
He is regarded chiefly, however, for tha
success with which his Inoculation for the
cure of hydrophobia has met. since 1SS4.
The century has seen soma great
changes in methods of government and in
the n aps of the various powers. For
these changes the responsibility rests first
upon
THE STATESMEN.— The Iron Chancel
lor of United Germany welded by his own
blows into a permanent -whole. Otto Ed
ward Leopold von Bismarck-Schoen
hausen (1815-1836) towers above ths hori-
tie 61f%*aiat ffiadmn In which h» worked.
His gTeat opponent, England's Grand
Old Man, William Ewart Gladstone
(1S03-1S0S). was Indeed the liberal leader
for many yeaxs. and In his time brought
about many gTeat reforms. He felt deeply
for Ireland and heT wronjs, yet in »om»
ways could never succeed in passing his
bill for home rule there.
Charles Ste-wart Pamell (1WS-IS3I).
ths Irish statesman, who traced h!a an
cestry back to Admiral Stewart. IT. S. N..
was the first president of the Irish, Land
League, in 1579, and succeeded Sh&w a*
SCIENTISTS.— He who laid the founda
tions for all that was to follow by seek
ing out heaven's first law, order, was
Alexander von Humboldt (176D-1S59), by
whose majestic sweep of mind the chaotic
conceptions of the world were reduced to
cne beautiful and harmonious cosmos.
His visit to America (in. 17D0-93) has
rightly been termed the second discovery
of the New World. By the spread of hia
noble conception of the harmonious whole
in nature, and the part which the minutest
particle plays in the economy of the
wqrld, he leveled the path for the more
revolutionary work which was to follow.
Charles Darwin (1809-1SS2) was the man
who gave the century its characteristic
theory and tho principle which underlay
it. The young naturalist, who had been,
, away for, a five years' trip on the Beagle,
was prepared to doubt the accepted
dogma of the permanence and invaria
bility cf species, but it was not until he
had found an explanation of the process
by which one species develops from an
other in the theory of "natural selection."
that he made announcement of his revo
lutionary discovery (1S58) in "The Origin
Of Species."
Since his day the kindred sciences have
Alexandre Dumas (lSft3-iS70) was no
less successful in his tales of adventure,
which have passed into all languages and
walked" upon the stage In many lands.
The author of "The Count of Monte
Cri-to" and "The, Three Guardsmen." has
delighted too many readers ever to be for
gotten. Porthos and Athos are as much
the property of the world at large as they
In .the United States one name stands
i
Influence of this hovel upon the world
does not yet seem to be waning.
Une originator of the romantic novel
during the century was Victor Hueo
riSt'2-l. '.). Writing poems In his boyhood,
he became one of France's most perfect
singers in manhood, putting so 'much
rentiment and true feeling into his poem3
that they became of universal interest.
As a dramatist he gained no little suc
cess, but it was as a novelist that he
achieved the richest laurels of fame. "Lea
Miserables" has been breathlessly perused
by fevfral generations already, and the
his "Kobbcrs" and "HfPmryof the'Thirty
Years' War" that "behlllcr will be longest
remembered.
Samuel Tavlor Colerid£re\ (1772-1?31>
v.ns tlie British SehiHer. teaching much of
true art -through the theories of his
"Tnhlo Talk," as wol! as by the example
of his "Cristabd" and "Ancient Mariner"
—the last his most popui;Yr work by far.
He *i»d great service for Englishmen by
introducing them ' to German idealistic
philosophy, and is. without doubt, one of
the ablest of English literary minds.
oingical analysis and •aithfu'lnessVto life
have made him the master in his Held.
He is perhaps even nearer to the spirit
Of the nineteenth century than J3a)za<: in
the comprehensiveness i.-f !u< views and
the subtle analysis of motive.
Vhe workmanship .and observation
Which he put into- his n<<ve]p have given
their, the character of classify: his char
acters are the familiar iriends of our
mental world. We take walks with Pen
dennis, scorn Becky Sharp and sympa
thize with Esmond because they are part
of our world, typos- of which we can
easily .find the parallels in the circle of
And there Is one English novelist
always motioned in the same breath
with Thackeray, who is probably more
popular with general readers— Chnries
Dickens (ls!2-1870)] # What though to him
all men and women/are either utterly had
or utterly good? What though he lack
the subtle analysis ot his greater contem
porary? His Pickwick will Uve as Ions
as men can smile, and l'.is David Copper
field will interest thousands who would
throw aside "Pendennis". as tiresome.
It was the love of his kind that made
Dickens great, and the types that he has
created will stand as long as man can
read. Salrey Gamp and Mark Tapley,
poor Barnaby and miserable Oliver Twist
and the host of suffering children and
unpityfng men and women with which the
e;irth is peopled will be wept over, rxe
cated or sympathized with by unborn
penetrations of those who seek everyday
life in booKP oven, though exaggerated
and written all in capital letters.
The greatest English poet of the early
part of the century, and the rirst on« to
attain continental fame, was George Gor
don, LoAd Bvron <17S-S-lS34j. Ilia romantic
poems,' with all the fire and passion of
the poetic temperament, his voicing of the
PtritjjJ? lis> and denials of the age, made
him universally famous.
It was riot only his perfect mastery of
poetic expression — for he was past master
in the art of versification; and his pooms
and lyrics sang themselves into the peo
ple's hearts -but tho sweep of his thought
and the expression rtf the depths vf hu
man passion and strlvirip that grained him
the recognition of those who could n>>t
u,i\(1 his poems In their original language.
"Ohildc Hnroid" i? as much a classic in
German as In English.
Another poet whose songs, have pene
trated every literaturjp is Haiaricli
Heine fJTSD-lSS). This perturbed spirit
of the times, who raced aga'Dst the world,"
yet sans some of its sweetest son:':-;:
whose "Buch der Lieder" ras been trans
lated into a dozen tonsuos, many of
whose poems have been set to the music
for which they were so well adapted, yet
.'ay for years upon his mattress grave in
a Paris garret, one of the Incomparable
geniuses produced within a hundred
years. .
Beyond question the most finished poet
of the period was Alfred Tennvson.
a^OD-lSrO. The marvelous perfection of
his verse easily gave him first place
among his contemporaries, while the
richness of his melodies endeared him
to every one who had ear or heart ,for
true poetry. His noble elegy, "In Mem
oriam," his romantic "Idylls of the King"
and a hundred shorter poems enshrine his
fame for all time.
And what of that great metaphysical
poet of the age, Robert Brownine (1812
1SS?}? His power of conception, his vivid
ness of Imagery are more than compen
sations for involved thought and elisions
that confuse all but the most thoughtful
reader. Tennyson may not have been
able to understand "Sordello," but the
"Blot on the 'Scutcheon" has been called
the greatest poem of the age.
The breadth of his sympathy, the depth
of his thought and the wholesomencss of
his life and theories have made good
Browning^ claim to a place in the -front
rank of the commanuing spirits of the
age. •
Friedrich Schiller (175a-l805) belongs to
the century more than his date would
suggest, for his criticism and his works
prepared the soil for the development of
the genius of Goethe, and armed the mind
of the public . against false ideals of art.
His "Laocoon," for instance, Is still
studied for its excellent style, as well as
its doctrines on esthetics. It is a pity
.that his "Wilhelm Tell" is spoiled for so
many foreign pupils by being taken as a
text book, for it Is a skillfully arranged
and charming drama. It is. however, in
WHO are the world's greatest
sons? What made them great?
How did they achieve their
greatness? What influence have
they left upon the present grnertionV
With the sun of the twr-ntioth century
breaking through the pray of the dyint;
year, it may n«n be out of place perhaps
to take a backward peep at the celebiities
who have made the last hundred years
notable. To be sure, there have been
many more than fitty great men who have
lived ana moved and had th< ir inlluer.ces
upon this century, yet it is possible td
consider half a hundred such as represen
tative cf the Inspiration and molding of
the age. Future historians may commem
orate the living great, but it Is upon the
peniuscs who have passed on that the
present day observer will more read:ly re
flect.
In no century has literary production
l>een so jrreat or risen so high as in this,
wherefore let us consider first: . .
MEN OF LETTERS.-The supreme per
sonality of the century in the world of
letters is Wolfeaner von Goethe. (1749
1S22). the German Shakespeare, the most
universal mind that the world has ever
produced. Writing poems in V.is child
hood, dramas m youth, and <"ovorins: all
the fields of human interest in later years.
Ms work was stamped as classical while
in the course nt its production— an .un
paralleled achievement, especially, in this
ege of literary product iveness.
It. was because he found inspiration in
the classics of Greek art and literature
thru Goethe achieved such splendid re
sults. The IjO volumes of his works tell
th<? tale of his genius most eloquently, and
"Fau?t," the masterpiece and epitome of
his highest endeavor, will long stand as
the marvel of poetic and philosophic
thought.
The greatest original creator of realism
in romance, the founder of t'he school in
which Flaubert and Zola hrtve worked.
Which has stimulated Howells and James.
is none other than Eonore de -Balzac
(17W-1SS0). T.'ith wonderful energy ami in
dustry, he explored the new fipki of th?
actual and in an almost scientific spirit
discovered the real romance ' of human
existence.
It was the Human Comedy, as he put it
in his pessimistic way. which interested
him, and the characteristics which move
through his pages are alive because th^y.
are Oiled with reality. 1!<; worked fe v er
lshly in attempting to present types of
human nature which, taken together,
would represent all the variations to
which mankind is subject! That he suc
ceeded is proved not only hy the success
of his own work, but by the most flatter
ing criticism of imitation, which has been
The original poet of the century is un
doubtedly Walt Whitman (1S19-1S92),
who panp new songs, even though not al
ways melodiously. It was the elemental
lo his thought, the new note in literature
which he struck, that aroused a response
even in Europe. Here, at last, was an
American poet who sang songs inspired
by the power and greatness of a virgin
land.
It 'was no longer transplanted ideas and
J forms, but the original, creative life of a
'new world pulsating with vitality, which
spoke through Whitman of a religion
without dogmas, of an athletic democ
racy, of jubilant health and the creative
powers of mankind. The new giant had
fonnd a giant spokesman In Its native
poet of primeval forest and limitless
prairie, of all abounding love and proph
ecy of good to come.
Founder of the historical romance, the
•wave of which is now passing: over the
literary sea, was Sir Walter Scott (1771
1S22). His was the purpose of celebrating
the glories of bravery, chivalry, pride and
courage, as rev-paled In the historic rec
ords of Scotland and England.
His Waverley novels attracted the atten
tion not only of the English-speaking
world, but of all Europe besides, giving
rise to the school of historical romance,
with all its faults and few virtues. His
"Ivanhoe" # will always be loved by the
youthful enthusiast; his "Bride of Lara
mermoor" •will appeal to the sympathies
of generations. The ring of his poems,
too, will hold many youthful hearts, too
fresh for criticism.
But the supreme novelist of the century,
in the estimation of the best critics, is
William Makepeace Thackerav <isil
1&63), whose depicting of character, psych-
THE SUNDAY C ALL.
/
THE FIFTY GREATEST MEN OF THE NINETEENTH CENTURY
WHAT THE PRESENT AND FUTURE OWE TO THEM
6Ing Louisiana, and molding public opinion
to support him In this and other acts of
bis official career as President of the
United States. He stands pre-eminently
as the apostle of the sovereignty of the
In 3>aniel Webster (1"S2-1Su2) the F«?d
eialists fuund their most eloquent spokes
man. His famous oration in the "debate
with Robert Hayne concerning the right
cf the States to consider themselves part
ners in the National Government, with
the right to Txithdraw at pleasure, is
placed Fide by tide with tho greatest ora
.ions the world has ever heard.
He fought with all his n:ight for free
v : - • ¦¦¦, : t: '¦¦ ¦'"- ¦¦¦¦'». ' !/'¦¦¦¦'¦.'. ."V ¦¦:-¦ ¦; '¦-:':•''}''',. .-¦
j>owerful personality and the constant
triumph which followed his leadership.
He fell at last. It is true, but all the rest
of Europe was united against him, even
the snows of Russia-
Ills immc-diate conqueror. Arthur Wel
leslev.' I>uke of Wellington (1769-1852); had
won his *-pur>* at a strategist in Spain
upainst Masse na, Marmont and Soult,
after a preliminary training in India
against T;ppoo Tib, but it required all of
his strategical powers for him to leave
the field of Waterloo In triumph.
It was due largely to Horatio. Viscount
Nelson (1758-1805) that Xapoleon'j expedi
tion to Egypt was a failure, for by hi4
defeat of the French fleet he drove the
land forces to seek safety, in flight or
tight.
He Is considered the greatest British
Admiral, and his glorious victory al Tra
falgar acainst the united fleets of Spain
and France was his crowning achieve
ment. Here he is reported to have ut
tered: "England expects every man to do
his duty!"— a worthy epitaph for his own
In Helmuth von Moltke (1SOO : 1S91)
Germany had just the man to carry out
the fur reaching deigns of Bismarck. He
in the opinion of those best capapie or
Even in the field :.f philosophic thought
the nineteenth century can claim some
signal achievements, counting a noble list
of thinkers, whose systems make them
PHILOSOPHERS.-The original mind of
Geore Wilhelm Friedrich Hcsel (1770
1S31) succeeded in creating a system of
philosophy of tremendoua comprehensive
ness, achieving wide acceptance. To him
consciousness was the essential of thu
world, the ground and goal of all things.
He traced this principle through al! the
sciences to prove its perfect applicability,
producing the "Phenomenology," "Logic"
and "Encyclopedia of Philosophic Sci
ences." The wonderful grasp of his mind
and far spreading effect of his principle
appealed to many thinkers the world over.
His direct opposite in theory and meth
ou was John Stuart Mill (1S06-1S73), tho
great exponent of modern utilitarianism.
He is the author of the theory of the
"happiness of the" majority," or the
"greatest good to the greatest number,"
as the test of the morally good.
His logic is so. thorough a piece of work
that it must be studied by every one who
There have been many painters of more
than average ability, in this period, but
few of theiri stand out in relief as the
great ARTISTS.-Jean Louis Ern
est Heissonier (l£ll-lS91)> was one or the
leaders. He was the originator of thufe
n^rf'ret iittia paintings that spem to have
been done almcst with a magnify. i-g glass,
so perfect are they in every detail. Clear,
true and precise, he. gave the world more
than four hundred paintings that have
added greatly to the artistic enjoyment of
the men and women in it.
"Whether it be the "Chess Players" 6r a
"Cavalry Charge" or the. historic "1S07,"
there are the same skillful drawing in
comparable coloring, fire and touch.
The Spanish painter. Mariano Fortunv
(1822-luM)* has special claims upon the ap
preciation of the art lover, because of his
originality, exquisite grace in posing his
figures and the true, natural and spiritual
touch with which his work is done. His
finish is almost like that of Meissonier,
his inspiration has been compared to that
of Goya. * <-Ai'z\,t
. "Tho Choice of the Model" is perhaps
his best known work, though he is equally
effective .in countless canvases, ranging
from "The Carpet Merchant at Morocco"'
to "The Serpent Charmer."
The representative sculptor of our time
is probably Albert Bertsl Thorwaldsen
(1770-1S44). In his work is a feeling for
beauty that is aimost Greek in its dass
kity, yet so human that it appeals to the
most careless observer and takes home
the message of harmony that he would
convey. "The Seascns," "Hehe," "Anipr"
and "Psyche" arc among the best and
most popular of his sculptures.
-In'^nusic there is a notable array of
It is not pretenriod that the list given
rtbove includes all of the great men of
t7ie century. They arc simply some of the
greatest men itnd the most original; those
who exercised a controlling influence upo'
the movements of the age.
The stimulating of thought and actioi
has not. however, b-?en confined to th»
sterner sex. There have been some sur
passingly great YAimen during the past
hur<lre<5 years. GstJtge * Sand was. per
•hap?, tbe 'greatest f*>mioin« novelist, th«
s-i'perior cf many of her male contempora
ry? In tto pywer vt character drawing
uof] the !nt?r?rv Intpreitt with which she
rr-atf? h«rvt?ii<» f»w can equal her and
nr-rcc rnrpflrss ner.
Kh^taSO** .pte5.:csj feminine novelist
without ilnv.bt was Gcorce Eliot. th« gr«>at
rcalir.. whnsr "Koir.ola" iB classic in fin«
ish. V.•ho?^ "A.^nm IWf»" nnd "Mlddle
mnrch" are read i?ore , ami more every
day for th^ latense reality of the charac
ters ar.d the power cf analysis which was
almopi ma^euline. The dep-th of h*r learn
in«: In equaled only by th» brendth of her
fyn/palfclea and the genius with which
r.^r characters are drawn.
His felisioiis poems are sung la
churches of all denominations, and his «s
a^ys and sermons are rf-nd by thousands
not of his communion. His "Apologia pra
Vita fiua." defense of his conversion, ia
a marvel of close icasoning. written in
rich, classical style.
THEOLOGMN— It is John Hanrv
Newman (l-S0I-lK«o. p< s*«3sed of one of
tt]«- majestic Diinrls of al? tinp*"- t?5s trne
worth haa been felt by men a:ut wornjn of
every cr^ed. for rhmic;h li^ loft tho Church
of -Enplaud fi»r tie iU>nvtn Catholic ranks,
U V««« the pawerfu; tlilnk<r. lh« «e
vot«] 'patriot, fh^ iToad-mfndtrfl gentle
man who riocned the cafdinal'5 c;*p.
ape. the church, has nteo more than t»n«>
great man to prP3o.it, hut one will serve
an the representative.
For many years thereafter he faced the
scorn of the critics, defending his posi
tion with a powerful pen and an increase
in the production of his operas. The
"Nil,elungen King." of four related opera*.
Mas his greatest effort, though "Parsifal"
¦was'to him the crowning: glyry of his life.
At last he found success in the building
ol the Bajfreuth Oiiera-hdu.Ve. \vh;*re the
opera* are given precisely ad Wagner
wished.
One peculiar product of th? crntury de
serves rpecia! mention, for it has played
it nrbmltieat part in the development,
and this is
-PfiOTQGRAPIIY^ThQ -perfecting of a
method by which' sun pictures can do re
tained perrfanpntly on a t>|ate the in
ventien cf Uouis JacauEs llonde
Diguerre a7?r!-iS3l).' ile haa perfected
th^ (fttprra rgQura^ invented by Leon
ardo da Vinci, nnd now devoted his at
' IfcafttQl ti> th« Tflnto. It wae by a lucky
accident tnr.t , he dlscovefefl the prop' e
chcnjicAls wit?i which to treat the plat'.-,
and tho J)r?t ,£fe*tt ptep in phatagraphy
w cs taken. The rest was only a inAUOr t>f
One other ppeclal JnvcnUpn °f the e'en-
Utry wh'.c-h Jias fnadd grtat clKcnges in
b'>ih •VimoKtin and « i omm«:ctiU lift*, is tbfi
cEWlW! MACliiNK.-Jn Various co"un
tri<s mem h«»i been nt wirrk tT>"intt to <Ils
c<)v'>r i^omv *At»y of stitching l>y machin
ery. Many wtre 1<»d 'jistray by attornpt-
It'S -to.-iluplifate tUf m'Ution ,of the nefeflr?-
v.om«n en f.l'<; m;u'!;'r.i\ Ainon? these. was
the rAmexWail Eiin.s Howe n*ii»-ilW7>, but
he coon found th4 method of putting Iho
eye. of the. needle near, the point, and be
fert- Ion*; a. model had been successfully
constructed (IS-!:.).
No «?apita3lst would take ft un at first,
and even, in England {an offer made was
riot fulfilled." At last lsat«: Singer, a the
atrical director, -was interested, and- in
1K-2 the first scwi-ng machine factory 'was 1
built, In Bridgeport.
In no respect has more prosrress been
made within the century than in
EDUCATION, for which) the credit is
'largely due to the practical spirit Of
TriRdrich Froebel {17S2-1S52). With no
Children of his own, he claimed the chil
dren of the world as his. From Pestalorzi
to gathered new ideas <m pedagogics., and
withhls brother's children he began what
was to be a notable experiment in teach
ing.
It was 1537, however, before he had so
developed his system that he could open
the first kindergarten, in Blankenburg,
Germany. From Japan to the United
States his system has been put In opera
tion, delighting the hearts and opening
the minds of millions of little children.
The theater, with all its power, has not
failed to interest tho people living during
the last hundred years, and among the
greatest of all
ACTORS is Edwin Booth (1833-1S33).
The son of Junius Brutus Booth, he
learned his lesson in .the hard but prac
tical school of experience. Appearing for
the Jlrst time in Boston in 18-19, ho acted
as substitute for his father in "Richard
111" two years later.
As an interpreter of Shakespearean ehar
acters he has been pronounced by the
critics unsurpassed, and in "Hamlet".un
equaled. He performed the unparalleled
feat of playing •"Hamlet" ,f or a hundred
consecutive; nights^ from November 21,
lS(Jl,'"to aiarch 25, 1SG5. As a finished, in
tetllgent actor of high intellectual power*
»nd great moral worth, ho may well rep
resent his profession among the world'fe
great men. i
That other powerful influence of the,
K\-en Bachard Waeixcr (ial3^ls33> be
trays some influence of Beethoven, though
in him a new aiid original music-drama
was created. Ho was the reformer of
opera, the revolutionizer of nperutlc tra
ditions. It was at Dresden, in 1343, that
ho produced his first revolutionary opera,
'The Flying Dutchman."
It was he who -made ci'ery instrument
in the orchestra, a force unknown before
his day, pointing the; way to Weber.
Spohr, Schumann, Brahms. ilaCf and Ru
binstein. -;'.•; -i :
GREAT COMPOSERS— None will fall
to place Ludwier von Beethoven <1T7<>-
IKTTJ 'among the greatest. This father of
the symphony and. sonata, reformer of
the orchestra and theory of maete, one of
the most fruitful -at all . Composers and
moat wlilcjly Imitated, is easily master In
hif» ileld of endeavor.* '
modern artists, and among them it is not
always easy, to say which are the
the C!t!zrr. Kir.tr, opposed the social revo
lution, yet became the founder of the
third republic.
To him is due the reconstruction of
France aft^r her appalling defeat by Ger
many In IS71. As a historian, Thiers takos
fi- prominent place In the world of litera-
F-'ut it was in America, that there was
the greatest need for statesmanship dur-
Sr:? this hundred years. The first of
Arr.p.-ica's great statesmen was Thomas
JeHerson <1T»3-1S26). the Father of De
iirsocracy. Opposed to too great centraliza
tion of power, he stood for States' rights
emfi tlie aiwlishir.g of all undue ceremony.
J»e was the fir*t expansionist, purchas-
dom and unity, "one and inseparable."
feeling- the denser to the 'republic which
lay in any other construction of the Con-
But the man who was to face tho diffi
culty itself, and even lay down his life
as a sacrifice, was Abraham Lincoln
(1SQMS65). To him is due the new states
manship, like the new diplomacy, built
upon honesty ana directness. He believed
and proved that truth and sturdy resolu
tion are the real constructive elements
in public, as in private life.
That he succeeded in preserving the
Union intact, notwithstanding the terri
ble odds of fighting an enemy within his
own political family, is the best proof of
the value of his statesmanship
The direct agents by whom the map of
the world has heen altered so completely
within the century .'ire the
GREAT COMMANDERS.— Foremost of
all military leaders in method as -well as
scope, was Naooleon I. It is not a ques
tion of the morality of his purposes, but
of the ability which he displayed from the
bceinning of his brilliant career.
The seciet lay in the genius of his
hart so distinguished hJmself in early life *
that he became Chief of the General Staff t
in 1S5S, and retained that exalted post un- i
til 1SS8, when he retired on account of ad- t
var.ecd age. i
, He wa? not me.-< ly a fijerhter • but v. a '
thinker and writer as well, just as logical <
and dir.-ct with his \,yn as ho was Tvith
his sword. The Franco-Prussian war was
his great opportunity, and neither his roy- '
al master nor the Iron Chancellor had any 1
reason to complain of the energy and' '¦
strategical power by which he forced *
France into subjection. '
i
Lincoln found his general in Ulysses ,]
Simpson Grant (1K2-1SS5), the man who ]
would fight and not stop to quarrel for po- !
sition. The capture of Vlcksburg was suf- \
ficicnt proof of the quality of tbe man, '
and that he had mastered the secret of '
striking at the heart of the enemy's* .
country.
His campaigns were carerully planned ',
and carried out with an energy and per- .
sistence which would brook iio olistaclct.
Not merely because he succeeded is he ac
claim'-d gre.it. but because his military
methods were novel, striking and effective •
wishes to understand the present state o?
the science. Mill's "Political Economy"
!s also no small contribution to the treas
ury of thought. He took a decided stand
for the emancipation of woman, demand
ing- her recognition as the absolute equal
of man.
It may swin strange to class Thomas
Carlvle <17:»5-18S1) among the philoso
phers, but he falis directly into this cate
gory, although lie can claim no system as
his own. That lie was largely influence!
b- German -tlealistic Philosophy ' Ls clear,
*>ut the work which he did for Englis-i
thought In his "Sartor Resartus," lli~t
appreciated on this side cf the Atlantic,
and In his other books, such as "Heroe-3
and Hero Worship" and the "French Rev
olution," has gained him recognition as
one of the master teachers of the age.
Tho German transcendentalism could
not carry him off his feet, and his deep
?yr.-j<aini- fur virtue in any form, for dis
cipline and organization, his horror of
sham and meanness in any guise, have
r..cide him the prophet of the century.
His closest friend in America was
Raluh "Waldo Emerson <1SO3-1SS2>. the
fe'age of Concord. Here, too, there was a
lack of systefn and a kind of modern
mysticism; which mape his writings at
tiuT's almost incomprehensible, but lh*
ideals for wni'-h hn strove, the noble sen
timent*; with which his poems and gsfeasrs
arp filled, have mao> him t'hief among the
early American thinkers. Driven from
the pulpit fur bit 2.-th u( view, he ma.lt
THE STTSTDAY CAX.L.
The k'mier amon? tee many feminine
p«e!s- cf ta« nx-i was Elizabeth ' Barrett
I?rov»ning. whose romantic attachment to
Koj>ert Browning; is ontf'af the most beau
tiful' love stork* ever realized in life. Jt
was uiiprHdiition cf her work that first
attracted tee sturdy lover to the Invalid's
side, and in mutual admiration of each
other's writings was founded the deep
sympathy which ripened into lifelong af
fect'iun. lite poems are generally more
l-opulai* than tin- metaphysical produc
tions of her husband, but naturally she
can never talie rank among the greatest
poets of the agrc.
In Rosa ISonheur art found expression
with more than masculine force. She Is
probably the greatest animal painter of
the time— a specialty which is the very
last we should expect 'of a woman. If
success proves anytning. ners must go fa
toward warranting the direction of the
play of lver genius. The "Horse Fair" la
one of her largest and most popular can
vases, well worthy of its place In the Met
ropolitan MaeeUm cf Art.
M. B. Depny of Indianapolis has in
vented a pwicessj," after thirty-two years
of study und experiments, that will, if
hfs hopes are realized, revolutionize the
manufacture of steel. With the new pro
cess, the inventor says, any piece of steel
may have its tensile strength increased
from 40 to 73 per cent. It can be -made
so hard that no tool will scratch It, and
only a diamond can be used to cut it.
Yet it "cannot be cracked or broken £y
impact. The harder the steel Is made
the greater its tensile strength becomes.
Railroad men. say 'that, according to hla
representations. Depoy has discovered tha
very thing that railroads have bee.j
searching: for in vain for years — a process
by which steel rails can be hardened to
resist the wear and tear of heavy trsiin*
without becoming 1 ao brittle as to crack
easily. Every opportunity will be given
him to make practical tests of his process
and he will be aided by tho railroads in
his experiments.
. A piece of cast Iron, Mr. Depoy say*,
may be welded as easily and securely af
ter treatment in his Solution as the best
Norway or Sweden wrought Iron, and any
tool formed from- cast iron by ?h«> regular
casting process may be tempered so that
it will carry an edge superior to the ste<»l
now manufactured by the best know.i
processes. This mean?, he says, that
tools that must have the keenest edga
and the greatest tensile ' strength can ba
manufactured after having been cast from
the cheapest iron on the market.
One of . Mr. Depoy's experiments was
the manufacture of a razor from ..a '-wire
rail of the twenty-penny size. It wan
first made into knife "form. -ground "'and
ithen tempered, and it hfts be>.n H>ed in
shaving with as much success as. the
finest razor manufactured.
7roads is dear. Xed Glover, ho had queer
notions; one was that it was a -pity gold
had ever b'en Ftruok in Platts Valley. Na
ture should ha* bon left as God had left
it; sort o' earthly paradise, lie said, it
must ha' b'en, before men come pickin'
about with tools and shovels and fire
l-ranris. clearin' the forest and breakin' up
the rocks, and lunncUin' the ground. But
1 reckon you conid say .that 'bout most
places: I guesa they d.d the like by Eu
rope. Hear'd say that in England there's
barely a spot as isn't cut up with rail
v.oad tracks and coal pits, and bricks and
mortar, and churches n.r:,l barracks and
thirds; ef vou let alone just tho parks,
where the Queen Jives and the like; that
ef it wasn't for the soa they'd have -no
lookout at all, and that plenty Jives on
ships and bCalu.crug.es as is anchored in
tho rivtfs and ports;, and the room is-'So
took up they has to seek habitations all
over the world, which they does, turnin'
out the blacks and pushin' them on, just
as we do in the United States with the m
dians going West continual. But Ned
Glover, he give quite a. different account.
He user ter say, 'Solomon, old chap, Sol
omon, dear old pard, -you wait till I've
made my pile, ar.d you shall see Kurope
at her bt-st.' "
Zella kept her eyes fixed upon the
Smoldering wood that glimmered brightly
in the tars of the small open grate of the
stove, and made no atteinpt to stay the
tears that blurred the pictures she sav
there, ail of them with one prominent fig
ure in the foreground— Ned Glover, in hi.s
llanrcls, waiting lor her to join him on
the shore of Lake Michigan.
"He was a fanciful sort of feller, ray
pard. I JWst loved to hear him talk. 'Cas
tles in Spain,' he rays, 'you :nay think,
Solomon, old chap; but you'll iind 'em
solid. I knows a bpot, not far from Lon
don, on the River Thames, where me and
, my wife will have a trnug little bouse in
the summer; and we'll call it Solomon's
Temple, after you!' And then he seta to,
and he describes his girl, with the most
out-of-the-way kinder name, Zella. And
* * * }Jut there, ef you gets me on this
lay we'll never turn in; a:ul you're just
wiltin' with tiredness. Come on. Mister
Grey, and let me do the 'onners— 'groom of
the bed chamber. 1 Ned Glover used ter
call me, when I took the notion of seein'
him to his bunk, when he was 'Just a
shade below par,' as he would s*ay,
a-thinkin" of his gal. You'll find her pic
tur alongside his bunk, just as he ieft it.
• • • No; 1 won't tell you to-night why
rny pard quit the gulch; it might keep you
awake, thlnkin", and that ain't no good
to a feller as havo b'en workin' his way
over the trail from tho Forks, 'bout as
rough a bit of travel as 1 knows."
Philip, with the beating heart of Zella.
followed him, her throat too dry for
speech. She felt cs a bride might; who
was being conducted to her nuptial couch,
whore her lord lay uead.
"Here's her ],ictur." said Dankes, walk
ing up to a friux&d photograph that hung
where Glover could see it lnst thing at
night and ftrstUhlng in a morning.
"A rare fine v.eneh; what? LS;it. I^ord
love you, that wasn't enough for my
fanciful pard; he called her Venus and
Di<'<na, and angel and goddess. You can't
have no idea of the names he fixed her
up with. Well, there you are, my younK
friend. There's your bed. and for the
ro.«t, you're welcome to make use of
ovorythin' you . c ee, and frit up when you
feels like it, and, as Ned would say, 'Do
wliaU'wr. you durned plesAse/ and 'ef
you're wakin'. call me early,' was Ned's
la"^t remark, "for I'm to be Queen of the
May, mother; I'm te be Queen of the
May.' llu was the most whimsy of
whimsies, Ned. Good night, and Mat
thew, Mark. l,uke and John, God bless
the bed that you lie on. .Thorn was my
mother's words,. God bless her, when I
was a kid. That rrust lm'e be'n before
the flood' you'rel a-tn:nkln"?"
The old man pulled Zclla's door after
him, by which tim-; were was the faint
est little yap outaid?, and he opened the
outer door to Jin:, who fame in just a
trifle sheepish; and calmly composed him
self to sleep by the stove.
"Mean ter say you feels ashamed of
yerself keeping such hours," said Danker,
Tilling his pipe &fr£$sj and addressing the'
dog, that looked ai him with one sieepy
eye and made the very smallest response
with his tail. ;•
"Be'n bummin* around wHh DavtfT put
tin' up that mule, 1 reckon, somewneres,
and trcatin 1 his belly to what my dear
old pard would ha'e called a scrumptious
wedge of beef or- tongue, and awswill o'
whisky, ain't it?"
Jim t-hut his half-closed eye and opened
the other for a second, and cuddled his
stub of a tale between his legs, as If he
waa determined net to-be led into recrim
inations or excuses.
"Oh, I know that well enough: you'd
shield him whatever he did. You knowin'
old ragamuffin, it's a good thing I knows
you. You can't humbug Solomon
Dankes!"
Jim moved uneasily and raised his head,
half by way of protest, but more by way
of appeal.
"You won't do it again? Well, come on,
then; say good-night and we'll wipe off
the tally and start to-morrow with a clean
slate."
Jim put out a paw. Dankes pinched his
left ear. In token that they were once
more the best- of friends; and before
Dankes' fresh pipe was burning smoothly
flie dog was asleep.
Dankes sat and smoked and wondered
who his gUL-st might be, and what his
business, and was glad he liked the cut of
him.
"Mote be," he said. to himself, "that
D<?xter, the hanker, have sent him to re
port on the work Glover had done cr left
undone; mote be he is a youngster seeking
experience., A very different feller to hifli
as come snootin' around from the Chicago
newspaper, inquirin' into the death of
Glover. Don't know as I ever see a reg'ler
out-and-out newspaper man corne direct
tn a mining camp afore; but they gets
every wlieres, them sorter chaps, nowa
days. Why, Ned wanted ter make me
b'lieve as he was a newspaper chap his
self, but I know'd better than that: he
was such a fanciful, romancln' kind er
feller, was Ned. ... 1 wonder ef Mis
ter Grey's all right? His candles is still
a-burnln'. I'd 'a' thought he'd be'n asleep
by now."
He got up and went to the door of
Philip's room-, and would have opened It,
but it was fastened.
"What is it?" asked a somewhat fright
ened voice.
"Oh! I beg pardon. I thought as you
might be wantin' something; often found
as Ned did."
''No, thank you. Mr. Dankes," was the
reply. "Excuse me, but <I always fasten
the door." Good-night, and thank you."
Dankes returned lo the stove, closed the
grate and drawing aside a variegated blue
curtain, that shut out a recess at the back
of the cabin, disclosed his own bunk
"Allers fastens, the door! How does he
do ltT Some scheme of his own, I guess.
Young fellers like that seems to want
their mothers at night. Frightened of
bogys? I remember the time when I used
ter be that way myself, before I grew a
beard, and— well, good-night again, mis
ter!" •
"Good-night again," in a muffled voice
came f rom sthe next room, and Dankes
noticed that the light no longer shone
through the chinks of the door.
Turning out the light that swung from
the rafters, he climbed, only half-un
dressed, into his bunk, and presently
Joined him ln a nocturnal duet, a steady
and profound bass, to Jim's halting and
fitful tenor.
Lying in the very bed where her lover
had lain for the last time, surrounded by
things he had worn, such music was hard
ly a romantic accompaniment ; to Zella's
strange not to say. weird sensations. She
lay awake, as it seemed to her. -for hours
but, in truth, her - idea - of >':. ours - was ari
exaggeration of minutes. Even her dream
ing was no less brief. Nuture. which was
kindly in its sweet oblivious antidote, car
ried her imagination back to a golden sun
pet and a Joved companion r : who trimmed
the sails of a tiny yacht that she' steered
Into a happy liuven.
Alas for the awakening!
CHAPTER XXXI.
"THE PHILOSOPHY OF CLOTHES."
Nothing like occupation to relieve the
pangs of a great sorrow..
Fresh. though her wounds, it seemed to
Zella ages since Mr. Storey struck her
down with the news of h«-' lover's death
Masquerading as Philip Grey, she hadbe
pun to take on a' new Identity. There were
times when she felt, that she was no,'long
er Zella Brunnen: and: times when she felt
her own personality so ; keenly that she
would blush with shame. Her fortitude
had been tried most when she had to as
sociate with men whose . coarse- .humor
found its chief point in the easy assailabll-
Ity of women's virtue. Her girlish recol
lections-of camp life on-the Indian fron-
tier comprehended the anecdotage phase
of the soldier's career; but soldiers'
stories were of fighting and hair-breadth
escapes, grim reminiscences of campaign-""
ing. The ribald eide of a man's life was
new to her and made her sick at heart.'
Once in a Way her mental sufferings
were appeased by the manful protest of
some. strong, fellow, who was too much In
love with .some" g-ood woman to endure
any scoffing at the sex. A San Francisco
man won her admiration with a stinging
remark: "Boys, you. seem to forget you
ever had a mother," which Zella had sup
ported with. "Stranser. I thank . you; . I
remember my mother." "And, by gosh,
it's a pity thit you didn't bring her
along!" retorted the ribald-monger Noth
ing abashed. Zella had replied that she
would be sorry for any woman to be with
in hail of such company, let alone being
in it. "And damme, if the youngster, isn't
right!" the Californlan had rejoined. Zella
had, however, done her best, as the con
troversy became hot, to cool it down, and
had succfcded, with the pleasant penalty
of standing drinks.
Zella, in the chamber that had been oc
cupied by her lover at Prudents Gulch,
awoke with a vague sense- of illusion; a
feeling- akin to that which the evolutionist
is suppoFod to experience r.s the soui sep
arated from its earthly body. Where was
she? What was she? Who was she? But
her recovery was rapid. She came out of
her dream almeet immediately; her senses
acute, her memory alive and her eon
sciousnes.^ wide awake. She listened.
There v/as a movement in the next rootn.
That would be old Solomon setting up. A
dog barked. That was Jim. Somebody
f?aid .".Kine rr.oriiin 1 , guv'nor." That would
be the lad, Dave.
She slipped from her bunk, and drew the
cotton curtain partly irom the'tmall win
dow. The light streamed in. She climbed
back Into her berth. Anyone could 3&e
in at the window surely. She slid to tho
lloor, and examined the window. No;
no one could see in without standing 0:1
a barrel, or hauling on to the window
frame.. She would alter the blind: but,
at the same time, she made a note in her
memory never to forget that she migrht
be observed. She lay still, and contem
plated the room.
Strange, that two rooms of Glover's
should have been left undisturbed, out of
mere sentiment; the one at Parkside, and
this other, away in ihe wilds of Colo
rado.
The walls were nf rough timber, with
big nails for hansM-p cloinre, and a rack
or two for other things. On one side of
the room hung Nod's mining rig, his cap
and his hat; on another a blue serge suit
and a broad felt hat. Close by v was a
lack or shelf, with several volumes of
books; some old newspapers crammed on
the top. In el corner was a large, heavv
looking chest; by its side several pairs of
boots; above It a sun rack, carrying a
double-barreled shotgun and a ritie. A
revolver and a brace ol knives were hang
ing or. hooks. By the doorslde fit the
room there was a rough drop-board, with
a email looking glass and sundry simple
toilet things, a comb and a pair of
brushes, shaving utensils, and a wicker
eau-de-Cologne bottle. Close to her berth
there hung her own photograph, wlth>
such a happy expression on the youthful
face that she paled while looking at it,
and felt the tears rush lrto her eye*.
? • • But this would never do! "She
must suppress all womanly emotions. Tt
seemed to her that she had done noth
ing but cry, ?n a furtive way, .ever since
she had entered old Solomon's hospitable
doors. S'.-.e must buckle on a manly reso
lution, with her jerkin and boots. " There
must be no more whimpering^ no more re
membering that she waa Zella Brunnen;%
except to fortify her S'.iul for Its mission,
her hand and her eyes* for the work that
was before her, as Phuip Grey.
She listened again. Salomon was wash
ing outside the cabin. She looked 'round
the room. There were no arrangements
for washing.
"Don't you go for to disturb Mister
Grey." she heard Solomon say. between,
his splashin.us of the water; "the young
ster needs all the s!eo|> he kin git."
"I lain't goin' to disturb him. guv'ner.
and he don't moan ter let yer. He's just
barricaded hisself in."
"P'raps he thinks we're bandit?," said
Dankes. splashing an unusual quantity of
water about; *
"Shouldn't wonder," said Dave. "He's
gotten one of the pre'.tiest weppins you
ever see."
"Have he? What sort of a weppln?
"A sun; rm-v.-t be a ladies' gun. ef ladies
dees have guriF."
"Mowt it now; so big?"
"No. so little; ana tucked inter h!s
breeches as if ho wornted to hide it."
. -"You've taken .stock of him. Dave?"
"You bet! I never see such a jay this
side Carson."
"Don't think much of him, eh, Dave?"
"There yer wrong, guv'ner; I think a
mfghty'lot of him. He's got a kind of
smile on him that's like you feel w.ith the
first light of spring."
"Have he, now, said Dankes. "I never
know'd as— er "
The rest, of fhe remark was smothered
In swishes of water and grufttings un
.translatable.
"Them city Jays has a. way with 'em
that's thin, but this feller ain't no durned
pride: might be a 'young millionaire from
'Frisco; and yet he might be a dude, and
if he was a dude, it mowt be one of them
as you gets to like, if you ever does like
dudes; but ef you ever did. them comic
papers 'ud settle yer. I dunno what ter
make of him."
"Don't let us try to make nawthin'
of him," said Dankes, presently, during
a short wait in his operations at the tub
"We'll just sea what he makes of hisself."
Solomon way indulging in an unusually
careful toilette, washing himself, to be
gin with, almost ail over, a function of
cleanliness that he had but little observ
ed since poor Ned Glover was buried.
Presently, when he had finished his
ablutions, and Zella heard him dressing,
she left her bunk, put on her flannel
shirt, and strapped her belt loosely about
her waist. The modern women's fashion
of the blouse helped Zella's disguise. She
pulled her shirt above her belt and undid
tbe collar; -It was the modern blouse, and
at the same time the man's shirt.
Opening her door just sufficiently to see
Dankes, breeched and almost lit to re
ceive company, she sallied into the open
with a cheery, "Good morning, Mr.
Dankes," tucked up her shirtsleeves and
washed.
Then, standin' before Ned's glass, she
felt as -If he might be looking over her
shoulder. She did not dare to use his
comb and brush. Yet she had worn his
clothes. She picked up her loose coat.'
that was lying across her trunk, and took
from the inside pocket a small case con
taining the humblest kind of brush, v and
smoothed her closely cropped hair. She
tied loosely around her .throat a colored
neckerchief, pulled on her Jacket • and
looked at herself. She thought her eyes
had a dull, tired expression, that her face
was too pale; but she felt strong and
well rested.
"How did yer sleep,- mister?" asked
Dankes.
"Like a top."
"That's good. Dave's made the coffee,
and gone off after that mule, then's he
to the mill— we're crushing" some stuff
to-day. What'U you do?".
"Have some breakfast," said Philip
with a laugh. "Ain't that the first part
of the day's programme?"
"1 guess so," said Solomon Dankes.
"Fall to and help yourself. Liberty Hall,
you know, as my dear pard would ha" put
it."
Dankes poured, out the coffee as he
epoke. and Philip, his smile changing
somewhat pathetically at the mention of
Ned, proceeded to attack the cold beef
and ham and bread. -
"Reckon you'll want ter hang round a
spell before goin' down to the valley?'.' .;•
"Think that a good Idea?"
"P'r'aps you mowt like to unstrap your
baggage?"
"And take things easy?" each answer
ing the other's question with another.
"Depends: what I'm going to do."
"How do yer mean?"
"Where I'm going to fix myself." .
"Whar did yer thenk of fixing yerself?"
• "There ain't no hotel. I guess, nor" any
sort of boai ding-house?"
"What, he»e at -the -Gulch?".
"Or in. the Valley?-' ;¦
"Nary a one," nain Dankes; "but •!-.
•guesi; you'll; just" lodge here."
: "I may be staying some. time." -
¦ "The longer you stays, themore you'll
be welcome. '' .
"Well, now, that's very, kind of you,
but I didn't reckon ;to come here and be a
burden on-you."
"How do you mean a burden, mister?"
'.'I'd like to pay my own'. way, don't you
see. I guess that's fair and square."
"Maybe it is. maybe.it ain't; that's ac
cordin' as a feller takes it, but ef; there
ain't no solid objection,' we'll talk on that
'ed' later," said Dankos. ¦ / "Ef you ain't :
too'proud to .be my guest .for a- while,
why, I'd take it-kind of you. I'm a lone
ole bummer since I lost my pard."
"Jam not proud, Mr. Dankes." ¦
""That's a settled thing,, then. Ef you
feel as you wants ter come down ter the
.Valley, why, just you 1 come;, ef. you feel
• as you'd like ter hang around the Gulch
why, , there's . nawthin' J ter hinder /you.
You kin reckon on nobody interfering not
even" Jim; he'll be down at the mill, or
away with Dave.V --
So,: nearly all day long Zella was alone
in her new; and to her pathetic, environ-*
- men L ¦ She •'. unfastened '„ her ? trunk." which
..was ' double-locked' and ' in other :wnys
protected from prying eyes. It contained
th* evening Dankes and Zell*- would »lt
and smoke in the doorway, or, a 3 Daniea
loved to *»ll it "the stocp," which co" 4
prised two wide heavy steps that had!
been cut and chopped and sawn from^
the trunk ot one <,t the few great Tec*
In the d-3trict; a beech. Dances said 1
was, a solitary tree that hrtd driven ii*
vast roots right away under the cabin
and' down into the trail, showing now
and then in serpent-like feelers.
'\N*ed Glover took notice. I rememb-r
of them steps the rirst day he corae; saVi
I could bca^t what a great Jord or dooka
of tho o!dc:i time boasted, at a place la
England he called liaddon. where tha
steps of the hu.ll was chopped out of'n
oak tree, the like of which he hadn't seen
in America, But he hadn't no knowledge;
of our mighty monarchs in California."
"Mr. Glover Mettui to have been very
appreciative," said Zolla. "H u w fond you
wer:- of him."
"That's so." said Dankes. "I juess Tvo
taken to you likewise; most on your own
account, muchly the reason that you
likes to bear about my dear .load pard.
But .there's on>; thlr.g. youns;stor. I don't
like, and that is you're gettin friendly
with Abner D'gpes."
. "Oh! will, 1 tnink it is wise to be on
good terms with everybody when there's
no law or police to look after tiUujcs. But
let us talk of Xod Clover. DiJ he tver
rf?.rl his boots to you?"
"Nc. He'd jell cir.ious stories an«1 ex
press opinions that was beyond me. "
"One of the books in his little library I3
abiiut ciothea. It is culled "ri;irtor Itesar
tu.s," written 07 Th. mas Carlyle, wr.o
seg.-ns to be the English EznCTSOO."
"Never beard of nuythtr of 'err.."
."I suppese Erglish people are harder
to understand than Americans?"
"So crtiste-.t with asre and anetexsi laws,
trroutcd in with all mar.r.er of hysterics,''
tald Dankea.
"I suppose so. Orr Emerson !s clear as
dajrllgbt. Tnetr Carlyle is like a deep pool.
• •vergrown wilii Cowering weeds and
scum fcf seeds, between the breaks of
which there it sunL'gM and tall reeds,
that cotrt up flora such a depth, you
shiver to think what would happen to you
Jf you fell! in."
"I ii.-!r" say." granted Darkea.
"Xo.^left 'Sartor Kesartus' ar.d 'The
Conduct of Lite' behind, en the sl.eif la
his ruoni."
"Like ehocsh." falrt Dankes. for want
of sorae;hirs oettrr to say. "He wur"
fond of readin'."
"All about clothes. th\- Carlyle book % I
felt a rtpi'-J-sior. for it ut hrst. Liut Ned
had.marsed it, as:<! -.vrtttn in tne mar-
Kin; bo I persevered. When you've lifted
all the weeds away, and the overhaag
ii'-K boughs; ana got a glimpse be:ow
among the waving reeds, you find It is
worth your while. It's all about the phi
losophy of clothes; breeefces and jerkins,
ar.d shirts and uuots are the things that
make the diiterence between tine man and
another in the eyes of the world— between
the btgsar ar.d the- high ana mighty."
" 'Purple and fine linen,' 1 think the Bi
ble has it," said Dankea.
"Yes," Zella replieJ, surprised by the
aptness of tho old man's remark; "and
that is something like the text. Clothes
are emblematic; beneath, we are all alike.
even the grandest; a Duke, Judre, tiio
President of the United States, either, to
begin with, was and is now, if he weni
stnrped, juut a forked radish, with a
fantastically carved head. If we had all
to ko naked we shouldn't know one from
the other."
"Shouldn't we: I'd pick Abner Digges
out of. a. whole naked world." ami.
Dankes.
"And rne?" said Zella with a blush.
"I r«c&on there's much the same lines
in any tddic.ued. welt-grown youngster
alt the world over; though I reckon I'd
know you by your eyes, i^ot to speak of;
your chin."
"Then my figure is w hat on© would call
normal; the kind of :igure a springy, well
built young fellow would have, .American
or British; not too narrow in the waist,
not too> slim in the shoulders."
•"I reckon yuu'U grow into a strong fel
ler, bein' well set up at startln". You'ra
just of tho build that 1 was or would Ilka
to ha' b'en at your age."
"Thank you, Oear old Prudent. Seelns
what you are r.ow ycu must have been a
young . Hercules wnen you were three
ano-twer.ty.
"I don't know about a young Herk'les,
never hain' seen one to my knowledge,
but I could grapple a bar and was reck
oned r.o end of a scout when th& Indians
was formidable."
"Were you a scout? RecJly! My father
was a general and held a commajrid on tho
Ino'ian frontier, 'way "West."
"Don't say! General Grey? Can't reca'.l
as I know'd him. Yet there waa a Grey.
as [ once hear'n of, a-huntin' in Dakota.
"Thtn you don't think clothes make so
much difference amo-n^r folk?" she said,
briakiiitf away fr.jtn seoutins and tha
hunter. Grey. "Now I t;nce dressed up a*
a girl to act in a play, ana those who did
not know mo thought i really was a
woman."
"Don't say! Guess they wanted to ba
complimentary to the actor. Why. bless
me. the swasher that's nat'rul to a young
ster like you, the swing of the arms, and
the big feet, would ha' glv'n you away to
any one as had eyes!"
* 1'ou think so?" said Zella. "I didn't
know my feet were so big."
"Not too big for a mau. but for a wo
man, just canoes," said Lankes,
"Thtn you don't think I should pass for
a woman. If I put on petticoats?"
"Might pass for anythln? you liked,
among- fools! There was a troup© of play
er.s come to a camp whar* I waa workin*
years ago, in California, and two of th©
actors performed cs women; but lortiy!
lordy! they never deceived nobody for half
a second."
"And yet, if they'd been gotten up to
represent soldiers or bishops they would
have been passable?"
"That's so. But It's different when you
come to wear petticoats."
"No doubt," said Zella; and here th!a
particular evening of talk ended.
Zelia had more than once- feared that
Dankes half-suspected her. She had.
therefore, resolved to probe his thoughts
on the subject of clothes, with a result
that was very satisfactory to her; for sha
had found it a far more serious business
to maintain the identity of Philip. Grey
among a crowd of men that saw her every
day than it was when she waa moving:
from onv place to another on her Journey.
She had trouble with her braces. Once or
twice she tried th get along with a belt
Frcm the first she had put aside corsets i
Kxercises at the gymnasium of Chicago
had taught her freedom of limb and easa
of carriage. A woman's hips are broader
than a man's. She had modified her fig
ure, to the outward eye. with a doubi*
broad sash ot. silk about her waist, be
neath her shirt and blouse. The effect
was to give whnt you may note In the fin
est classical figures of beauTiful women.
a natural wa'st. fitted for its organs- not
a skimpy abbreviation, that forces them
out nf piace, and often leads to premature
death. She had larger hands and larger
feet than some would consider beautiful
In a woman: but she was largely made,
though she was not in the least unrainly
In Carlyle's naked world there would hav-j
been no mistaking Zella for one of the or
dinary herd. She and Diana would have
been akin, thousrh the sculptor might have
taken exception to the muscle of Dlana'a
rival. One could imagine such a person
ality as Zeila's among the bands of Mil
ler's "Isles of tha Amazons."
And as boW of h<«art, as supple of l!znb
Th«y would teat their strength la th« wrtjt'.«
or race.
They would thread the forest, would dlv* or
»w!m,
And ridden and swift would tprtnr to tha
. chase;
Would bray» the Jungle*, woald beard Ui»
In tangle of wood, at bay in his denj
And alone or in troop, in war or in feai*
Would bear them as bravely as ever d!d"\n««.
But love found ont the Amazons, as it
had found out Zella; thou S h there icai
something in her Ideas of vengeance that
might well have been inspired by their
wild, untaught natures, ft i 3 possible
there was a touch of vanity in it fr>r
Zella never tired of practicing \ o be a man
In the best sense -of manhood- while to
win her way to his confidence and com
radeship, she condescended to be a man at
tlmesi that she hated and despised Rut
she had one object only in Platta Valley
and Ik gave a fresh stimulus to her ono'
tlce and training. for it. on turning P ov*S
the leaves of Ned's copy of Emerson •£
be met with the words. "The one prudenc ,
in life >s concentration. One of the hleh
fmeOflotea of the world is the r"plv „
Newton to the inquiry, 'how h e had been
able to achieve his discoveries?' -Rv ni
ways intending my mind.' " Her Dr «v»M
at r.-srht werejj. continual vow; her flr"
knife mornine was with tha
One day. for the entertainment of Peta
Kerridjce. Rafferty Jones, and Rorty Jae
gers and a few loafers, who had laid aV'de
work, for th'e time, she had KlvenDiA!
a special lesson in boxlnir. fie h a fl mo f
than once tried a bout with her. She had
flattered his science by letting him hi
her. when she could easily have stoppet
r!^?",."! 19^"" 10 , 0 he had astonished
l»ip?rpa ar.d the on-lookera with a. show
of strength ana dexterity. The truth w
she was. in a furtive way twin- her
strength with hirn; and all the time hnv
£fj£ ™ ind eerta'n feints and tricks that
f n . I^ ht -^ e of " se ln » duel with knives.
L,£,?' : * rn the vou nKster:" DlKsea sa!.1.
causing to rest, "he's as limber as a wil
ier! And nothing would do. but he must
pat Zella on the back, and stand drinks.
(Continued next week.)
her woman's clothes, a complete outfit, to
**he minutest details; skirt, blouse, jacket,
hat, not to mention underclothing, some
jewelry, and her hair, -artfully manipu
lated, so that she could wear it as a wiK-
A Chicago theatrical wigrnaker had dene
her this service. So far as was possible
Zella avoided lying, but this part she was
playing was a lie in -itself, anda lie has
to be supported. She had tald the perru
quier that she wanted the wig for a char
acter she was to represent in a play.
There was truth in this, for "All the
world's a stage," and Zella had cast her
self for a'serious role, for the perfect real
ization of which she required the cunning
of the fox and the strength of the lion
: Having -relocked the trunk and dragged
it into the furthermost corner of the
room she undid her. male traveling bag.
In which' Phe had packed as much change
of dress as it would conveniently carry.
At CarsMi City she had left a case of
mining tools and other things, which were
to be delivered at the Forks, for ulti
mate transit to ihe Valley.
At the bottom ol her trunk was the
knife the Southern general had giyen her.
She unsheathed it, examined the blade,
and,, having made a few pusses with it,
fastened it to her wrist: gripped it. twist
ed It round and lingered it by way of exer
.cise; and then, shc-athintr it, hung it upon
the wall. For her own defense .on her
journey she had carried a revolver in the
back pocket of her trousers.
Taking from her bag a cap and a soft
hat she hung these by the side of those
poor Neri had left, and alongside his
clothes she pegged a coat and waistcoat.
"'Then she tco^ frcm her bag a small case
that opened with a spring and disclosed
iSed's photograph. At first s,he had
thought of carrying it in her pocket; but;'
with a!i her love for him, she found that
it unnerved her too much to have it con
tinually about her. Having pressed it ten-
Oerly to her I:p3, she sat down and spoke
to it.
"Dear, dear Ned!" she said "I am no
longer myself; nn lenger a woman, since
¦you are no more. 1 sun a iiimu, for your
Hake; a man with ;i purpose, a strong
man. You more than once half -feared I
was too mannish, did you not, mv poor
dear? Yet it was ir- a mannish act' I won
your susceptible heart. That nipht. under
the lamp, in State street. It was there,
too, quick as an electric shot, that my
soul met yours. Did I resist? I did. You
knew it; and let it give vou no end of
trouble. Oh! but I loved you; and I hated
to have ycu go awey. It was for me you
went away, that you might get money to
furnish our nest, as you said. Why didn't
the whisper in my heart cr$- out in full
tones and protest against your going?
Why did I so tamely consent? What wouid
it have mattered if they had said you
were a coward when we knew differently?
It was a beautiful dream-while it lasted,
dear. I never could have believed how
beautiful! But it is over; and your Zella
is a man: a comrade already of your
partner, and a comrade who shall do you
Justice; who shall play the game of man
better than even Dankes has played it;
for, loving you so, how could he have
consented to let the monster live who
vowed your death in Chicago, and whoso
duel was but a murder, disguised under
¦<the rules of a camp? You se"e, Ned, I am
a man, and can talk to you as a man. It
may be that your dear spirit hovers over
. me here, where you lived and talked of
me, and loved me n.rd wrote your one
pweat letter to me. Was it nil ordained.
,<is you told Dankes everything is or
clained? AVns it ordained that I should
drift into athletics and sword-play, and
wrestling and fists, and the habit of
trunks nr.'l hose, that it might come to
, pat-s that I rhouid be your avenging
, anpel? Firct. the angel of your sw°t
ima?iration, thfn; to bud and blossom into
the angel of the darkened brow and the
averging hand? . . . >:«d. T sometimes
think I am crazy; that Zella Urunnen ami
her dear Xed are 'both at rest, and that I
am their offspring. Philip Grey. ... It
may bo that I have really changed indpetl:
that what I was belonged to another
world . . . Until the blade falls that
hangs over the fiend that cue the thread
of your life While yet our dream waa
young and blissful. I am no more Zella:
Brunr.on. . . . After that? Well. God
knows! Or Fr te, or the Recording Angel!"
With a ciglf. she kissed the picture, and
replacing it in he,r bag. whi'-h she lifted
to the top of her trunk. Then rhe straight
ened the room and did the like for the
cabin generally; which done, she took
down her cap jind sauntered out upon the
plateau, where Solomon Dankts hajl erect
ed his t:bldin«?-place. : #
Where the trail ran out into the rutted
doorway that led to the valley and the
drift beyond a long span of mules loaded
with ore were milking their way to th^
distant forks, followed by a^vagon drawn
by as rany. r.s -twelve cr-' fourteen ani
mals. The shouts of the drivers canw
. faintly upward, and there was a distant
tinkle of the bells. The air was mi'.ci.
About Ze-Ila's feet b-ailes of grass were
forcing themselves cracks and
crannies. Away over the valley; cooped
up on the side of the tall foothills of the
distant range of mountains, was the min
ing camp of the ridge, its shaftings and
its mill plainly visible. On the near side
of it, no doubt between Platts Valley and
the Gulch, was the Drift; shd could see
the smoke of its eujrine-stack curling in'
white wreaths amon^r the trees. It was
there that Abner Digges reigned supreme.
He had been the luckiest man in the Val
ley. His luck had ccrrte with a drift that
he had driven blind, as a man might raise
the ante at poker -blind; and he had
struck the ore rich and thick between that
and a former shaft, which the boys of the
Valley had driven, as 'they -thought, in
the wrong direction, and so had aban
doned it. as it turned out, right on the
Very lead they had been working for.
Digges had been one of the first in the
Valley, though not before Dankes; and
had, from his first drink in .the saloon,
asserted a physical supremacy over most
of them. At Blin'l Man's Drift he was
boss. In the adjacent camps of Platts
Valley he was feared; but he had oppo
nents. His record was one of blood, and
he gloried in it: at the same time claim
ing that he had always fought fair.
Zella stood looking out upon i the vast
landscape, hill and dale and mountain,
with flashing bends of the river, that had
big shallows about the Drift, shut in by
a sudden bank and bowlders and rock,
that equally hid the busily worked claims
of Abner Digges. It was an Inspiring
scene. The restfulness of it, however, dis
turbed Zella in a way which she did not
anticipate. It. seemed to say to her "Let
the dead rest; go back to Parkside; leave
vengeance to God; you are a woman;
put off your jerkin and resume your
woman's clothes; why desecrate this fair
scene with a ne^v bear of tragedy? Di<3
not your lover, whom you would avenge,
declare that 'twould have been better to
leave the gold where God had left it, hid
den beneath the hills and covered with
llowers?" .
CHAPTER XXXII.
BEHIND THE MASK OF PHILIP
GREY.
A strange introspective mood in which
to encounter Abner Digges. Yet it w«3
no ether than he who almost suddenly ap
peared to -her. for she had been so ab
sorbed with her thoughts and the scene
before her, that she had not noticed his
approach; nor could she for a moment
have anticipated it, seeing that Dankes
had ieft her under the impression that she
would not be di&turbod,
"Morning," lie said. "I reckon you're
Mr. Philip Grey?" ,
Then. he paused and looked at her, as
. if for a • moment he was searching his
memory.
"Yes," said Zella, with as much uncon
cern as she could command* "My name
is Philip Grey."^ .
"Mine's Abner Digges. I hear'n as Old
Prudent was a-sayln' there wa3 a young
ster here, come from Mister Hiram. Dex
ter, and as I ain't hear'n of him way bacK
for months or more, I wornted to see the
• youngster as had."
"But I am not come from Mr. Dexter '-
said Zella.
"Oh! Then it was a lie?"
¦ .".Well, not exactly. I said I had at one
time been In the employment of Mr
Dexter."
': "Tn Chicago?" ' vv>-'
"He had a woman typewriter there."
"Don't say. Well, it don't foller as you
mayn't know where he is, and what he's
~ •. doirs* ?'.'.
"Sorry I do not, since you seem anx
ious."
..."Wall. I henr'n it said as he's vamooched
or is a-hidin' hisself,- and I've been ex
j pectin' rer.-.ittancea. But there, ef you
knows nawthin', let it stand at that, and
I'm sorry as I rpoke.".
"But I dare say. I can get to know all
about him.";
"Kin? Kill yer? Wall, I'd be yer debtor
for drinks, ef you would •• • 'Souse
me seems ' as you and me's seen one an
other before.- I'm dead on faces."
."I ¦ shouldn't \wonder,". said Zella, with
perfect coolness:
, It was. in the tlmexof danger, when she
required the . full command- of -her wits,
that Zella .waa strong; she, never lost her
self-possession when most she needed it
"In Chicago, perhaps?"
"Perhaps," she replied. . "I've knocked
about : a good deal."
"Come here, for long? Newspaper fel
".ler?" . - . *;"; :• ' • ' -"'
"No. You've had lone here?"
"Feller^ from the Mail of -Chicago, as
was'-part owned by- Dexter. A . .
, fool*. business' he come on; just at row
among the boys, and , a fight. Reckon
Syn<jpsis.
ZITLLA BPXNNXX. a member of the Chl
raco 'W'crnen's Athletic Club ana type
writer to Hiram Dexter, millionaire, is
Ir.cvinea en her -way home by a pittlaXUJ
miner. Abner Dieses. »3 Glover, an Er.pHeh
tr.r.n er.d \i-rlter for the .Pally Mail. Interfere.
Pirr^s draws a lmlfe and lunpea at Glover,
bol }.« kr.orked clown by a blow frcm Zella.
Joe •Wili'.arr.s. a detective, arrests Digges. but
Ms c?.=e is ei»misK*(3 with a light eentenc".
Vice?* E-wears vens^aace en Glover. Amos
(Storey, proprietor ar.d editor cf the Daily
Mtil. is a personal friend of Hiram Dexter.
Etorey s^nds Glover to *rct an artl^e on the
We of the millionaire. Dexter takes a fancy
to the faass ir.an ervi proposes to give h'.m an
!r.Ur-.-t in some mining ventures. Glcver ftr.'is
thai he is livir-e above fcU means, and u;>on
laentkr.ir.e the latter to Storey Is a<3vl?"?<3 to
lake a room at a certain boarding-house, which
lurr.f out to be the same cse where Zelia Krun
iien live*, lie there inlets the girl who saved
J:!s ]!fe end whora he has eo-jghj for In vain.
It ie & case cf love at first Fieht- Hiram Dex
ter'e rood f^Iir.g for Glover changes to hat«
when fc«- finds that th» ycurj? man is virtually
the acc*j>tefl lover of Zella: for the millionaire.
J:: *=;-:•<* of his a?e. wishes to make her hi? wife.
Glcver accepts a m!ri!r.g Interest from V)ex
trr wLith will take him to Colorado for several
months. He hopes to make & fortune ar.d then
return to marry the willing Zella. Dexter,
Jiovwever, has made an nrrar.^ment with
Uifrges by which he Intends to have Glover
lriUed as R^cn es be renclies the mines.
Joe Williams warns Gl'jver about the inten
tions of l>extrr, but without avail, for h* sets
out for Um mines. Dexter hints at love to
Zella, but 2s rep-lsed.
Dexter 1-ribes a worr.E.n to Fay that Ehe Is
the fieeerted ¦wife of Ned CUover. but his
scheme falls through owlr.g to the shrewdness
cf Mrs. 0'Hapa.n. Zella'e friend. Glover writes
encouraging- letters from the raining camp.
Zella resigns her position In Dexter'B office.
Clover et»d bis partner, Solomon Dankea,
attend a celebration at the drift. Dlgges ln
tenUonaliy Insults Glover and challenge* him
to a cuel with bowieknivee.
Digues ttafcs Glover to the heart. A« soon
t; Zella. recovers from the shock of this riews,
phe pretends to leave for a trip to Europe, but
In leality dor.s male Ettire and Bets out for
the Drift to avenre her lover's death.
Copyright, 1900, by Joseyh Hatton.
CHAPTER XXXIII-Continued.
OH. Quit that, guv'nor; at your age!"
taid Dave.
"Dcn't guv'nor mo that way,"
said Solomon. "I ain't the age
come Is at double mine."
"Very well, boss, you know best," said
Dave, cutting chunks of bread and push
ing the meat about, prior to pouring out
the coffee. > ".-"- 'V;
"Now, you needn't call me boss; I'd
tooncr it was puv'nor."
"Then, guv'nor be it," said Dave pour
!ng out the coffee, that filled the cabin
•with an aroma worthy of the best restau
rant in Europe.
Ze'.la. Etirred into her cup a teaspoonful
of tinned milk ajid sipped it with eagcr
"Goln" to give the Btranger a bed?"
"What else Is the stranger here for?
Mister Grey, I puess you mean ter ac
cept my "oFplt<Uliy?*;
"Vou are very kind. It's enly right.
by way of introduction, that I should
pay I was formerly in the employ of Mr.
L»fc\ier of Chicago."
"Come to thai, young 1 feller, I don't
reed no recommendation. Your face is
enough, and Dave knows an honest man
eiostly."
"And has given me a good character?"
paid Zella with a grateful smile.
"Why, yes. Ain't it, Dave?"
"I s&ld as you was no tramp or greaser,
cr eech," said Dave. "But I didn't reckon
you up, r.ayther."
I "I am not just a mere adventurer. I've
pot a bit of money; Juet enough dollars, I
think, to pay for a claim, if there is one
worth buying. But, lirst, I want to
learn the ways of the camps and the sort
of work that's wanted."
"Don't you min<S explain'," caid Dankes.
"Dave paid you was worn out, just dead
teat, and we'll leave what you want to
cut here till to-morrow. Dave, my boy,
light up the Etove In Mister Glover's
rooia. and make up tha bunk and put
tilngs a bit to rights, won't you?"
*'I ve eet the Etove coin'," Bald Dave,
who had left the table for a few minutes,
"and I'll do the place up while you get
through, and then. I guess, I'll go down
end Be« to Mister Grey's old raufe."
"Brlr.R It up, Dave; It won't be the fust
ts we've mace comfortable in the shed
fcy the well at the back."
"Durn my boots ef I think he'll climb
tie trail, gruv'nor."
"Guess you'U Co what you think best,
Dave." .;*.-:
Jim. who ha-1 been curled up by the
cide of his emptfed bowl, winking his eyes
In the far-reaching light of . the open
etove. now began to take an Interest in
tbe proceedings. Zella, revived by the
coffee, helped herself to bread and m^at.
Jim eniffed at her legs, and then rubbed
his r.ofe? -apainst the flour-barrel leg of her
easy chair.
"Jim vouches for yer also," fa'd
Dankes, as Zeila turned to- look at the
<!og. and to pat his smooth white head.
¦ **A fox terrier!" said Zella,
••British."' said Dankes. "My late pard
¦was a Iiritielier; and Jim he just chum
med up to him the fust minute as they
met, like a? if they'd know'd each olhcr
ior years. I guccs thar's a kinder knowl
edge of things between folk of Ihe same
country, whether It be does or men."
"No doubt," eaid Philip, in a low voice.
"Let me advise Just one go of whisky
imfi a pipe, and then to bed. eh? Dave,
tr*, lad. the bunk'a all right, eh? Ain't
been elep' in months." , " ) ijrtif i^H*TTB
"And there ain't been no rain to molder
things, either," eald Dave, from the in
r,er room. "But I've got the Lfankets and
the rugs ciore the stove, all the same,
ETiVcor."
"Good! He's a right cute fellef, Dave."
Bald Dankes. once more addressing Phil
lip. "Ef It hadn't ben for Dave. I think
3'd gone melancholy mad when I lost my
Xwvrd. Here y'are: genuine Old Tlye."-
Dankii lupg^d the jar from the chest,
mnC pushed it toward 1'hilip
"And ef you'ro for a. pipe, why, you can
Le well accortiiiicuiitud. Xliar'u a. pipe oh
m clean from uio maker; it was my
para's, but one ay he never smoked, lie
liked that long 'un, as is on the rack
ujj<_'n' the wail yonder; the one as Is at
u*e top."
"X mink I'll smoke a cigarette. I have
one, thank you."
1'niljp lished from the depths of his
jacKet pocket' au olu tobacco poucii
(.ooufcbt at a che&p store), and took oat
a couple, of cijja-reUes.
"My raid, in: usea new and ageu to ¦
smoke a cigare«.'t, as he made up Jas.>olf;
his tancy \>;:s, nevertheless; a pipe But
young lellars, I reckon, -us have been born ¦
and Dred or: the plains, have a. fancy otii
enrtse, j«t alone ilvin' in the cities." •
Philip helped hin;self to ai smull a quan
tity ol whisky i^ might be ex
cuse for Leii.?; soefcibi.', iigttte'.l'u. «_-;yareUe
and pulled Ins chan nearer the stove.
"It's a chilly night," said Dankes, imi
tatir-t the example, with; However, a big
ger &o of whisKy; "but we'll have sum
mer on us beioic we can eay Jack Room
ten, as Ned Glover wouid ha' put it."
Suddenly Ji:n made for the door, with a
growl.
"No 'casion to show your teeth, Jim,"
said Dave: "it's only old Jumper, with
;he stranger's L-i-<ssuse."
Jim riunii back to his corner, rebuked.
•"Oh. dcu't tiike it to heart," said
Dankes. "XiEve didn't mean to hurt yer
fecMn's."
Jim crept gratefully to his master and
watched the door from the advantage of
his chair.
"Conn.: on," said X>ave, opening the door.
Yv'htrcupon there entcrc-u a hairy Hercu
les with a leather trunk on his Lack and a
heavy bag in his right har.d. The bag he
droppc-d by the door, the trunk he llusig
into the middle of the cabin lloor.
"Where'll you have 'em, boss?" asked
Jumper, looking around the cabin, his
prominent blue eyes blinking in the lamp
light.
•'Better put 'em in Mister Glover's room,
eh. DaveT' •
"Guff--* that's right," said Dave, laying
hold of the bag, while ihe Jumper hauled
at the trunk.
"Kir.d of you, Bill. Take a drink and
ef you ain't no serious objection a dollar
cr two. eli?"
"Don't want no dollar, boss, but I'll take
a drink."
"Might I contribute a trifle to your
banking account?" eaid Philip, coming
forward, his hand in his pocket amons
coins that jingled.
"Not es my guest, mister, which you
are, 1 reckon." interposed Dankes. "Bill's
right; we don't pay for civilities with dol
lars. But I owe Bill oil account, and I
mean ter pay it now; else, by the livlni'
Jingo, it's goin' teT~l/e a shootin' mat
ter."
"Here we go, boss," taid^Bill. touching
the Oiled gia^s of Dankes, who, repeating
the shibboleth, they drank their liquor;
and, as Bill left the cabin, Dankes thrust
a Jive-dollar bill into his hand with the
whispered remark, "Don't tell me; 1 know
you're down on yer luck. Damn vtr pride;
take it."
"A loafer," said Dankes as he closed the
dcor and sat clown. "A regular loafer, but
good naturtd and proud, as ef he'd never
lilled up at a free lunch r.or sat into a
poker deal with no more chips than he
could borrer."
"I'll fay good-night :;ow, guv'nor."
"Good-night, Dave. Don't be late in the
mornin'."
"Now ccme, guv'nor. am I ever late?"
"No, Dave, not as 1 remember; but you
must allow a man ter say somethin'."
"Your pardon, guv'i.oi ; suy just what
yer like;?; it won't maive no%uiffe rence to
me. Good-night: Misier Grey; that is, lest
you'd like to look at ypUI bunk and things
and see ef there's anj thing' else you
wanjLV
"Thank you, no; much obliged."
"W.i, that's ail right," said Dave. "Good
night."
A.s he opened the door Jim jumped after
him and-the two disappeared
*'i>o you believe as duys lias souls?"
Dankes asked, smoothing his beard, as he
biew a long cloud of smoke up among
the rafters of the cabin. <
"More deserving than must men, many
of them, I do believe."
"My own solid opinion, mister," said
Dankes. "'There's men as ain't fit to be
named with the onnerest damned cur as
was ever pupped."
He was evidently thinking of Abner
EHjjges.
"Inat's so," said Philip, who was prob
ably thinking bf the same ruffian.
"Likewise." : said Dankes, with Xed
Glover in his mind, "there's men as might
ha' chummed with the Angel Gabriel."
"I dure tay," said Philip, her heart
going out to the same sweet memory, and
forgetting for the moment that 'she was
Philip Grey and not Zella Brunnen, under
which influence she glanced toward the
door of the room that had been her lover's
chamber and was destined to be her own.
She had not exactly contemplated thia
•when she made up her mind to seek out
Solomon Dankes and abide there at least
for the night. Something had, however,
drawn her thither. All the way along the
road she had thought of the cabin Clqver
had described. Her adventures had been
many, but, on the whole, she had man
aged to maintain her masculine ciiaracter
with success. It was well, perhaps, that
Lefore she loft Chicago she had accus
tomed hersoif to Xed's empty room at
Porkslde, even to wearing, though only
for a short time, his very clothes, which
ehe had kissed with reverence and on
which ghe had made her vow of venge
ance.
"There was my pard, for example," con
tinued Dankes: "his name was Glover —
Xed Glover. There was never in this
world a better feller. 1 spotted him for
reai grit the minute I set my eyes on him:
and I ain't been deceived much in mi
time' wheu I've said to myself a feller's
real grit, one to ftand by a friend and a
comrade, where he do stand, as stands to
the death. It's' a true saying that the
best goes fust! But you're not drinkin".
Dave said as you was dead beat: I guess
you shall turn In, ef you feels like it,
right away. No? Well,- another drink,
and then?'
"Thank you, I am quite comfortable,"
said Zella, trying to suppress herself, and
be Indeed Philip Grey.
"Youngsters eoon gets over beln* tired:
I remember there was riawthin' I could do
as would ha' tired me." '
"But you are not an old man."
"Ain't sixty, or thereabouts, old?"
"Not at all. In these days."
"What do you call old, then?"
"Oh. ninety or a hundred."
"I wouldn't want to live that long."
"Why not?"
"I dunno; seems unnat'ral. My father
lived to be eighty-five, and he was dod
derin' and mumblin', and couldn't see,
and that's no sort of good in our busi
ness."
"No, I suppose not; have to keep your
eyes open and your hands busy."
"I gruess so; not as he was a burden th«
dear old dodderer. He'd be'n a fine man
wunst, and he was my father and I was
his son, and I guv him some trouble in my
time. I reckon. You got a father?" • •
"I had; he was killed on the Indian
frontier in an ambuscade." . ,
"A soldier?" ;¦'- \
"Yes."
"God rest his soul!"
"And your mawther?"
"Died when I was a pickaninny."
"I never knowed my mother. "She died
In Philadelphia when me and my father
v.as prospeotin' and tryin' our luck', and
playing ducks and drakes with the few
dollars he'd saved in Californ."
"You've had a hard time, then?"
"Nawthin* to complain of."
The two went on talking in this give and
tnke way. Zella now and then lighting a
fresh cigarette, Dankes renowitipr his pipe,
both in a lazy if inquiring mood.
"Where did you come oil the track? At
Carson City?"
"Yes, I think It was."
"Got- the stage to the Red Horse
Forks?"
"Yes." J
"Pack of mules at irie Forks?"
"Yes."
"Pesky critters, them mules."
"There was a mule team most of the
way."
"You don't say. Than It's the fust. ; Mla
ter Hiram Dexter, they say, has let on
in his lett/ers a good deal about mule
teams ami waggons from Platts Valley
Where did the team quit?"
"I think they called it Pike's Canyon."
"A hell of a clirnb after that, eh?"
"Yes."
"Kf they could work a way round tho
bluffs we'd get the waggons right through
but that's our trouble; it's the cost of"
transit. You may strike it ever eo rich and
thick, but transit's goin' ter discount your
profits mighty . heavy. Mister Dexter
talked of a railroad; but talk's cheap, rail-
IN MALE ATTIRE
THE SUNDAY CALL.
he'll make a story of It that' U tlcW the
city folk."
••He has left, eh?* . u . ,
•Guess he interviewed the hull
Valley, the Drift, the Kidge. a string or
mules, and the Drift's new £»"• * n * *££
blind drunk and worked into his kow
bookjthe entire caboose inside: four _a«s.
"Is that so?" said Zel.a. ¦ tsc us e^ae.
I am but a visitor, but I think J • ™* 1 *
venture to asli you if you- will ta*e a
" dr ' ! Me ? and Old Prudent ain't PaJ« *££
me in 's heart like pisen. But it was cone
fair and square, fougnt on lined lam
down by the lamp, and he was a
all-lired skunli!" f n
Zella fetched the jar of whisk . and two
glasses, and placed them on the benth
Subside. She thought it a favorable op
portunity to study Her Polic>.
from her first conception or her plot, wus
to make friends with him. to worn out
the secret of his fence, to discover the
weakness of his physical armor. to. win
him into an attitude of ccntideace. infcr^
was no meanness or subterfuge th*t
would not, she felt, lo condonfcd or Justi
fied in a. contest between a woman and
such a monster. It was wonderful, she
felt afterward, that she could have neiU
paileiu interourse with Nea's murderer,
but she did so, and Digges came to tne
conclusion that, it" they had met before,
it had" been under agreeable circum
stances, in some Infamous rtsort, pernaj>&,
on a bender.
"Wail, what' a the odds whar'^weve
met, voungster? Here we go!"
"Here we go:" responded Z'-Ha and
drank the heaviest s;.msh of whisky she
had ever taken In her life.
'•Reckon we'll mt-et down at the sa
loon,", he said, at parting- "T«?il Mister
Dankes that I took the liberty of tomln
up; the DrilJ ti:ne, cept once, as I've ever
enjoyed the .'orspltality at nis cabin."
"1 shall tell- him, Mr. Diirse.V -said
Zella. '•- •:--'-.
He lumbe'r^A" down the trail, his great
broad back swaying like the beam of B
lugger in a rough sea, his thick boots
trampling down the moss and spring
gra^s 'as he walked on all sides of the
trail as If he were drunk; but he always
had a, rolling, swaying gait, except when
he stretched himself out tor war, and then'
ho straightened himself with an alacrity
that was wonderful to see.
"You iow-browe J. - squint-eyed, heavy-
Jawed, black-hearted r.ijrute: ." exclaimed
Zella, when he had di.-iap^caroJ. "uh,
yes, we'll meet In the iui-uon, 1 reckon,
and It shall be done ail on the Vnnar,' as
you say; no risk of a charge of murder,
no offense to the pure and virtuous com
ir.unlt!es of the valley! • ? ¦» Might
have stabbed him where he stood, or put
a bullet in his* brain! • • * Once you've
thought a thing out and tome to a reso
lution, scorn to change your plan. He
sides, the triumph of hitting him to the
death on the very ground where my dear
one fell! • • • lie ea.-r.u just as some
poor weak spirit that governs women was
whispering in my ear, "(Jive it up; let it
be'; "Vengeance Is mine, >*iith the Ix>ril!" *
* • * And it will he his vengeance; and
I shall be his minister; • • • What was
her name, the Israelite woman, who went
into the tvrant King's tent nt night and
slew him? Judith? Yes. That was God's
vengeance, all the same. The Almighty
does not always strike with thunderbolts.
lie was a mere striplintr who brought
down Goliath with a sling and cut off
the warrior's head with his own sword.
* * • And I was to have been Ned's
wife!"
Then she sat down and thought over
what DiuTes had said. She had never
known that Dexter had business relations
with this scum of the gutter. * • *
When she mentioned that Dexter had a
woman typewriter in Chicago, she was
feeling her way for possible information
in the direction of the remarks she had
ovf-rher.rrt in t,hc ha!! of the Grar.d Pa
ci!ic; how love-, or what some call love,
would overthrow a man w ;;o waa bitten
at CO. If Dexter had done some more
strangely eccentric thing than make mad
love to her, f-s lie had done when she qult
u-d his service; It might have been a se
quel to his conduct when they parted. It
was curio-.'.s that he should have Inter
course with Abner Digges: such inter
course as would win rant Digges in
being anxious about - him on the
ground of money. Could Dexter have
known that he was sending Glo
ver into the same camp with tli«» m.-m
•who had sworn to kiil him? * * • W;rs
Dexu r's absurd passion for her so ma':,
ko tempestuous, so cruel, so selfish, tha:
Ills jealousy of Glover cpuld induce him to
con*pire against his life? • • • No, no;
the thought was too brutal. Whatever
Etexter might be, his disposition was
kindly. She lad known of many a gen
erous act of his. that could only have
been prompted by a really benevolent na
ture. * * * It was true h<? hrul behaved
somewhat scandalously to her; but that
was, surely, ur.di r the influence of wine.
* • • Anyhow, she' would not entertain
for a moment the cruel thought that had
crossed her brain. • • * Surely if there
had been any business relationship be
tween him and Dlgges , before the raon
ster's appearance in Chicago she would
have known it. • * • And now she re
called, in vivid detail, haw he tried to
blacken Glover's character, with the dra
matic sequel of the triumph of Bridget
O'Hagan. • * • To concr-ntrate yuui*
work is the great thing; she would think
no more of Dexter at present. • • • Her
one object of study at Platts Valley and
Blind Mans Drift was Abner Digges.
"If you'd known Ned Glover," said
Dankes, as hs and Zella sat by the stove
at bedtime, "you'd felt fit to hat shot
him."
"It was he, then, who killed your part
"Murdered him!"
"But I thought It was a duel?"
"It was a duel; the kinder duel they
fight here; the kinder fightin' as was once
on a time practiced 'way down South."
"Years ago?"
"Yes, and for that matter. Just as good
as any other way, if yer knows how to
handle th« weppin.V
"Didn't Ned Glover?" )
"Seem'd as he lost his head. I nut him
up to the way o' the theng. and, right
here, he was on it. clean; but when the
time come lost his head, struck down
where he should ha* fctruck up. Ones I
thought he ha' had Digges fair, but Lord.
it warn' to be! * • " D d ch»eek o'
Digges, comin' here!"
'"Was so anxious about Mr. Dexter; and
you appear to have said I came from
Dexter?"
"Didn't exackly say that; but perhap3
it might have been inferred. He's gotten
money due, as don't come, it appears; and
there's a letter In the camp tellln' as
somethen's wrong," *-.,'
"With Dexter?"
"Yes. He's disappeared. Nayther Chi
cago nor New York knows anythln' 'bout
him."
"Strange."
"For a millionaire. Think of the stocks
as he's interested in; think of the threads
of his business all gettin' tangled! Why.
it's 'noueh to make n panic in "Wall
street. Was you ever in Wall street?"
"I know all about it."
"You seems to ha' got along with this
yere Digges?"
"I thought I ought to be civil to him.
It was a liberty to offer him your
whisky."
"You can't take no liberty here. Ulster
Grey. I reckon you did the right thing."
"I'm giad."
"I'll show you the camps and mines to
morrow if you're that way inclined."
"I was going to suggest It". And, fur
ther, I would like to satisfy you as to my
bona fides."
"Boner what, mister?"
"Give you some sort of guarantee as to
my responsibility, so to speak."
f 'Oh that's all right, as Dave would
say. Curious how we all rets a habit &
sayin" the same theng. I used ter notice
it in Ned Glover. 'If you're wakin' cail
me early, mother dear'' Suppose it had a
kinder reference to sometiiin' when he
waa a youngster. Just as it Is with my
'Matthew. Mark, Luke and John: God
bless the bed that I He on!' I wnnst knew
a feller as thought that was the Lord's
,prayer and made a bet on It; and the
4>ther feller backed 'This night, when I
lay down to sleep. I pray Thee. Lord, my
soul to keep.' And the Jedges in the camp
gave It to "Matthew, Mark, Luke and
John." It's curious, th« ideas of camps."
"Very curious."
"Seems queer to me, Abner Digges hav-
In' b'en here." .
"It will not seem so strange one day,"
said Philip. 'Terhaps the hand of Fate
was In it. Good. night. Mr. Danke^.**
"Good night," said Dankes ;. "and Mat
thew,' Mark, Luke and John. * • • Xow
what's he mean by 'P'r'aps the hand o'
.Fate may be In It?' he said, as he drew
the curtain from his bunk.-,'
"'It's in mercy,' preacriin' D.'ck usM
ter say: it was his favorite remark. ''In
mercy. God hldea the Book o' Fate from
mortals' eyes.' "What's that young^er a
thlnkin' of, I^-wonder?. Does he^ "think
there was a, turnin' over of the leaves
that brought Abner Digges to Pruaent ; !j
CHAPTER XXXni.
DIGGES AND HIS PUPTL.
No strongly marked frontier divides th«»
seasons at Prudent' s Gulch as thev aw
divided in the _ old country. Though t%
Zella time? went slowly on- Sorirc h-1.1
passed rapidly into summer. The Htovi
was only lighted for cooking purposes
Jim, the guardian of the cnbin. would li»
most of the day under tho founder's win
dow. In the shade of a ragged nine. L-Continued on Pas» Eleven.
The modern development of Egypt \%
the work altogether of the- nineteenth
century. Only a comparatively shon
while ago — certainly well within the cen
. tury, when Belzoni was exploring the
temple* and the tombs of the kings in thp
regions of the Nile— Egypt waa but the
vassal state of Turkey. Now it Is to »i:
intents and purposes a part' of the Brit
ish Empire, nnd a very important part al
fo of the great highway of civilization. A
system of railways will soon connect
Alexandria with Cape Town. "The Eng
lishman." said Alexander Kinglake in his
'"Eothen," "straining far over to hold his
loved. India, will plant a firm foot on the
banks of the Nile and sit In the seats cf
the faithful." The Frenchman, too. tried
to eet a firm foot on the banks of the
Nile, and other men of Europe may have
had a like ambition, but the Englishman
alone seems to have succeeded in th* •£•
' /
Egypt Reclaimed.
eiha'rms. &rliT"~5enerous devotion to every
charitable and deserving movement must
form one of the most delightful chapters
in the story. of the century.
of hew "territory and utterly unscrupuiotj
as to the means by which it satisfied its
desire. Russia has more than once shown
a willingness, which must be regarded tw
genuine, to co-operate with other great
-states in promoting a policy of humanity
and civilization, and the* closing: years of
the century saw with admiration and
sympathy her attempt to bring about an
agreement 'among- tho great states of the
civilized world .¦which might substitute a
tribunal »of arbitration for the settlement
of international disputes for the rr.erey
barbarous* force of the battle-field. The
empire of the Ottoman Turk, on the other
hand, has shown nothing: during the cen
tury but signs of increasing stagnat'on
and decay, politically, socially and mor
ally.
Nowhere in any of the regions covered
by the Turkish power does there seem
any revival of ,a healthy growth. Every
impartial observer must be ready to ad
¦ mlt that there are manly and noble qjial-
in the character • of the ordinary
¦' Turk, asyho may be seen ami .'studied 'any
, day in Eurupo or Asia. Minor, but the
system of rule, in Turkey f seems utterly
the Power of resjEtance. After the fail
end ihe banisbxn Bt eif Napoleon came
¦uliat I miK"t call thej era cf -congresses.
th ; (lavs when European statesmen t-er"
ousJy beUeyed that it was possible for a
number of diplomatists to meet together
in a council-rocm and parcel out Europe
Into states and goverei»rnTicr. according ti'
the des!re-s ar.<3 the convenience of tho
then ruling potentates. It did not seem
to have occurred to most of the statesmen
who took part in these arrangements to
ask thtmsclv^-s whether the various pop
ulations of Europe ought not to have
something to ray as to the sftticments
which so directly affected their interests
::n<i their happiness. The doctrine of na
i i.-.iliticp had not yet becnm»; a recosj
ftized power in European politic?, and the
diplomatist* therefore sat down in their
council chamber with the map of Europe
spread ovt before them, and, pencil m
hand, they marked out thin part of th._-
Continent as the domain of the restored
Ki::# of France, that part a? the domain
or tho Emperor of Austria, another re-
Elon id the Ottoman Turk, and so on.
The great English statesman. George
Canning; wag the first to ?et up a sys
t»!ratic. end what might be called a sci
entir.e. policy of opposition to these ch>
merical projects for the settlement of hu
man affairs in the interests of a few
St'lsning families. The foreign policy
which Cannine created is now the ac-
Cfpte-d and avowed policy of England and
the United Statt-s of America, and even
cn the Europe-an continent is at least pro
fesf«d anO proclaimed as a principle of
action by all enlig-htened statesmen. Or.c
by one the arrangements made during the
era of the congresses have broken up or
crumbled away. luly. which was rtivld
ed among Austrian Princes and Spanish
Dourbon Kir.rs. has ejected her Spanish
Bourbons, has fcten btlped la the cject-
ment of her Austrian Princes, and is now
one kingdom under an Italian sovereign.
The Century for France.
For France the century has been one of
s--ucc«ssive revolution.*, or at least of >u>
cvssivt? <!ian!Tcs in government and In po
litical drganizaticiL The Bourbon family
<lid not remain long upon the th-one to
which tlvj allied pow*m of Eurep^ had r<»
stored them. The Bourbin Lepiti-nist
sovereigns were succeeded by IjQuIS Phil
ipp*. who proved himself to have learn^'l
little of the art of governing men. ti h r
from history or from personal ufcs?rva
tion. His reign wa* brought to a pu.1<!c i
close by the revolution of ISIS, aid he
died an exile in England. F.a-.ce rrm-'e
another ;ittempt at a republic, but the r°
pubUcan;leaders, many of them girte.l,
.-incere and patriotic men. were not equal
to the task they ; had undertaken, an I
ihero can:e a revulsion e>f foelin? which
enabled Ix>uis Napoleon. neph?w of thft
. prcat Emperor, to establish him«e'.f as
Napoleon III. Success recir.e 1 f?r Bomo
time to be strewn beneath his feet. He
allied himself with England asainst F.ui
sia in tte (Jrlmcan war. He over
threw Austria in a short cam
paign aad contributed his share to
ward the emancipation of Italy. Hut in-,
too, lik^» his uncle, was allured too far by .
the meteor of conquest. He endeavored
to found a sort of va-sal ornplro in Mex
ico and failed in the attempt, anil with th?
hope of recovering his supremacy at horn-?
be allowed himself to become entansicl
in a war with Prussia, which end^rt in hi
capture at Sedan, and the occupation of
Paris by the German conquerors. Hi« pol
icy, in fact, relieved France from an Em
peror, and gave an Emperor to the Ger
mans, for th? King of Pru ; sa rere'ved
the imperial title at Versailles, and it has
since been borne by his successor?. L9Ula
Napoleon, like Louis Philippe, died an
exile in England. In 187'j Franc? became
a republic once again. an<i a< a republic
she has just been celebrating by an intcr
r.atioral exhibition the c!o?c of the nine
teenth century. During all these succes
sive revolution?, and doubtless to some
extent in spite of them, thv national pros
perity of France has bpfti sten'iily main
tained. There arc in the French charac
ter elements of stead fastness, prudence,
economy and sobriety which seem • to
carry the people safely through
whatever reasons of disturbance, of
apparent national convulsion. Whci
France had to ma'-tc peace with
the Germans af f er the war of
1S70 she xi as compelled to pay a ransom
so enormous that nothing like it hnd been
known in modern fci.>tr>ry. an.1 yet she
paid it to the uttermost farthinp, never
came near to the brink of national bank
ruptcy, and. indeed, went st?a-ii!y e>n with
her manufactures, her commerce and her
culture as if nothintr particular hal hnp
pened. Nothing could be tiiore futile than
any attempt at confident prediction wit^
regard to the future course of a nation*,
history, (specially, perhaps, of a nation
like France, with which the Klory of mili
tary enterprise count? for so much; but
it is certain at Iravst that the present
French icnublic has Ia*tel much lenser
than .iiiv other furm «if government :vnrc
the days of the great revolution, and thai
the visitors from foreign countries who
have late'.y been s-turljln?. with most in
telligent observation, the condition of
Franc? have borne testimony to the raar
ve!o'.:s i)rfi?pcrity which makes; itself cvi-
Th.e Progress cf Prucsis.
One cf the most rerr.nrkab'e piienoxnena
of the century, especialyr :n its later ball,
has be«n the politica'i uprif;;nK of Prussifl
and her estahlishirt -t .is the ce:iter of a •
German empire- Duiir.B the former half
of the century Pru-sla may Uc paid to
have counted for wimos't noth'.np in the
political life of Eurc.te. «^>r.e who lived in
those days might well have forgotten that
there ever had heen sucli a sovereign and
Eoldier as Frederick the Great, or such
a statesman as Vor SC"in. Prussia w:is
generally regarded hy the outer world n»
a land of professors and e.f beer-drinkinR
students, or pedants an-1 dreamers, and of
EOldieTtg <lrill«?d to the wearing of uniform.
"Germany }s Hamlt-T." raid a gifted and
popular Gcrmiin poet, made tnolancholy
by the thought thai, his country could
only dx^ara ar.d allow itself to be pushed
aside, while other countries were imperi
ously asserting their rights to a share in
jjhe government of Europe, it is curious
to notice how. up io a comparatively rp
cent date, some of the most experienced
even among English statesmen and dip
lomatists set down Prussia as <-ountiiiK
for nothing in European affairs. How
such an idea came to exist concerning a
people more highly »-ducated ;i? a whole
than any other in Europe and almost en
tirely free from the distraction of con
flicting nationalities in one state system,
it is not necessary for my present task
to inquire too curiously. But it is certain
that up to the middle of th? century the
yearning for German unity, which found
fo much expression in bocms and treatises
end discourses throughout German popu
lations, was regarded In Europe generally
as the mere dream of Teutonic students
and sentimentalists. The. hour ar.d the
man came with the rise of Rlsmarck to
the front, and it was soon evident that
the two stars of Austria ami Prussia could
not keep their motion, in tiie one sphere
of Germany: and tne triumph of Prussia
durinK the Seven Wicks' war nettled the
controversy. Then the world began to see
that France and Prussia were drifting
into rivalry. II. Provo.-t-ParadoI, In words
that will long be remembe>red. likened
theye two states to two express trains
startfd from the extremes of the same
line at.d therefore doomed to Inevitable
collision. The result of the collision was
the fall of the second empire in Fra'nce
and the elevation of Prussia to the su
preme position in German affairs, with a
German Emperor to preside over her
council? and an organization of minor
sovereigns to support him.
Austria and the N:ar Eist
Austria has h:td to make great sacrifices
during the century, but the rafcrfflcejS
"would be cheap if they obtained for what
remains of the empire a moro thorough
union of interests and sentiment. Tl\e,
. Austrian empire, as we know it In modem
times, has been compelled to try to Its
utmost strain the experiment of holding
together R large number of diverse (na
tionalities under one central authority.
The EmjH-rors of Austria had Italian,
3iuni?ariJLn. Bohemian, Polish and German
populations under their sovereignty, an-l,
indeed, the whole Au«trlan rystem in tlila
century i\as the direct outcome ot tho
policy which Inspired the Congress of Vi
enna. Such a policy could come to noth
ing but lailure, and Austria, as its must
characteristic embodiment, socn found
that her peculiar composition proved an
irresistible temptation to some of her ri
vals on the European continent. France
assailed her through her Italian popula
tions, and Bismarck later on followed the
example. A little earlier in the history of
the centuty Hungary had gone into rebel
lion, and would, beyond all question, have
secured her absolute independence but
that Russia intervened and won for Aus
tria the victories which Austria was un
able to T .vin for herself. Of late years Hun
gary has obtained something like recog*
nition of her national right to domestlo
self-government, and there seems no rea
son why the Austrian empire as it now
stands should not hold safely and har
moniously together. Russia has grown
and consolidated remarkably during the
present century. Her Influence is now
probably greater than it ever was before,
although she Is no longer regarded with
that widespread suspicion and dread
which, about the middle of the century,
seemed to set her down as a mere bar
baric power, thirstinsr for, the acquisition
Cor: • 't. v*». by National Press Agency
Limited. ** • '
story m that century which is
"w drawing to a close will, j ven
o to think, prove to be one of the
raoet . important volumes in the
! history of civilization. I do not say
i Will he <-ne of the raosr brilliant
ihjrre may have btci: centime* which
5 a bro&drr ar.d a brighter I'ght over
• v.oiurs Helta of Intellectual and moral
witness: centuries of more startling oon
;<st. ..: more sudden change; centuries
on of greater triumphs in literature and
:a art. But ih« nineteenth century has
•¦-.' i ; a Una* of growth nnd.-.f development.
:: all tfce i;s.:hs of civilization, sucfc as Uie
wrorld'c history -has hardly ever seen rl
¦¦nA in tfc« application of science io
•-vcry-tfay needs of humanity has
r seea equaled. When the century
cr.eQ there Rcsud to be a vast, impas
;>,- impenetrable region of darkness, a
« loud-covered "No M.-.n'? Land.' 1 dividing !
he old <ivil«zation from the now. Asia
tad Africa appeared to have nothing to
no with u»o<iern civilization csccpt as a
KJbJect for the reader of history or as an
exploring cround for the traveler. Egypt
was th e i and whither Europeans with a
taste for anticuitics went to study the
Pyramids aad the- Sphinx. India was even
still looked upon as th« country to which
enterprising Ecstfs&nK-n went* to make
fortunes. China v. .is thought of at= a mys
tt.rir.us nid -fashioned rcjrivi. peopled by
countless millions cf persons v.ho wore
pig-tails, and shut off Ly a great wall
trcrn the visits of intrusive foreigners:.
The real living world was commonly re
garded by Europeans as only to be found
la Europe itself, fcr the New Wor'.d. as
it was called, had not yet begun to count
for much as an influence cf civilisation.
and the still newer world of Australasia
counted for nothing at all. It would
hardly be too much to say that the whole
work of modern science which has to do
with the practical affairs of every-sJay
life has, so far as It has cot. been accom
r'ishod in the nineteenth century. Of
course, there were great scientific discov
eries made in the definition and the appli
cation cf natural laws to human life at
various periods, early and late, in the his
tory of the world, which each succeeding
generation has only confirmed and ex
tended. But what I wish to point out is
that the practical silence of the nine
teenth century has made more change in
the ordinary conditions of human life
than was made by any century, or all the
centuries, which went before it.
The Triumph of Science.
Men traveled in the days of Swift and
Johnson exactly .is they had traveled !n
the days of Julius Caesar, and in the days
when Troy was a oity. and back'to m^n's
f.JPt Journeylnjs anywhere on this globe;
that is to say. they traveled a<= well as
horsed or camols. as sall= or oars, could
convey them. "With this century have
come the carriages nr-d the ships propelled
by Bteatn, ;md mo:-c lately by electricity.
The work of electricity is. indeed, even
>-••¦ on'y in its early si;<c.- <.f development!
Vm to the present century men strove to
send instantaneous news by beacon lights
"« hilltops, by flag signals and by sema
phore. Now «re have the telegraph wires
on the land arid beneath- the ocean, en
abling civilization to carry on instantnn
eotts Interchange of news, and wo arc al
ready maturing dlnceveftes and processes
¦rt?;i<'h an- to render the wire of the tcle
entph a Fupcrftiious piece of mechanism.
I:: bo department cf human Iif<? has mod
..¦n ¦elence i>etn mnre successful and
more l<env!:rrrit than I:i ad that relates
to the mitigation of human suffering dur
ij;p: aursical treatment. The peculiaritv
ahotxt all these dlscoveriea and applica
tlona of modern science is that tliey be
icne to the present century, and diptin
ru'.yh it, therefore, in the history- of the
wor'.d from any century which went be
fore. Perhaps!, Indeed, If wo were seeking
for some e?pe<~ia!Iy apt and characteristic
description of the nineteenth century.
forr.e description diptinfrui^hing; it fro'm all
Its predecessors, we should describe it as
the ce^.turr of Kfeuce applied to the prac
tical trasioeea of humanity's every-day
hfe.
The Opening Years of the Century.
The century opened for Europe In an
Interval of war, which was mistaken, at
the time, for a return of the r«?ij?n nf *
peace. The period cf storm brought about
by the French rtcvolution, a revolution
which was in itself directly influenced and
forwarded Vy the success of the American
f^rupKle for independence, had come to a
temporary InllJ and many observers in
Kn,?land and in France fondly believed
that the international strugs-le had come
to an end. The history of Europe for
many years had been, and still for some
jreara was to be. the story of one man's
genius, ambition and energy. It Is not
necessary in this narrative to consider
crhat misht have been the effect cf the**,
Kronen Revolution, if the othf r grsat pow
i rs had been content to leave to France
the working out of her own destinies, and
had not made It their policy to force on
her their Ideas as to the manner in which
Krancr? ought to be poverned. The alli
ar-ee of the other great powers against
revolutionary France gave the military
genius of Napoleon an e.pportunity of
Etxm-ips itts power, and enabled Napoleon
to became Dictator with the title of Km
pcror. '"The meteor of conquest," to
quote Byron's wcrds, allured the Kreat
Emperor too far. Napoleon attempted en
terprises be-yond even his power to accom
pllsb; be tried to make himsr-'.f the Dicta
tor of Europe, and he failed.
The interval of peace with which the
c- -tury eperied was followed by the
fiercest tstrrxsste* between France and al
lied Europe, and the Duke of Wellington
brought the whol«> conflict to a close by
his victory at Watc-rlnc. Napoleon may
1><- tairiy isriid to h.~ve rcpreFPr.ted the In
itlatlye Impulse of war, and Wellington
The stcry of the centurj . so far as Hoi
land and Belgium are concerned, is a
Story of steady prpgtcw in education, in
dustry. coT.ni(.'cc and political develop
ment. The northern* statts of Europe —
Sweden and Norway and Denmark— are
not merely prosperous at home, but are
making for them5elvcs a distinct reputa
tion abrcr.d in literature and in art. That
: cpututicn is a part of this century's
Story. iJtnmark has given a Princess to
the reigning family of England whose
lijipy r.:arr!a&c. noble character, personal
At the other extreme of the Mediter
ranean we lind Spain sti'I following the
downward course which It has apparently
been her destiny to pursue ever since her
gre,at days, when her possessions ex
ceeded those of any other European state.
The story of the century has been for
Spain a melancholy story of descent and
decay. She has had many changes pi
dynasty, and has even known popular
revolution, but no revolution has yet come
which seems to have had the power of
breathing into her the spirit of progress.
Her colonial possessions, the last relics
c! her greatness, have been in recent
years a source of much trouble to her.
The manner In which she endeavored to
keep tluwn her colonia! populations
brought her at last into a hopeless strug
gle against the great and growing power
of the United States. There seems some
thing almost whimsical in the fatality
which thus exhibited Spain as an utterly
unmatched antagonist for the people of
that continent which first knew civiliza
tion through her, when she was at the
height cf her power and her glory. One
would think that any intelligent Spaniard
would have seen, long ago. the Impossi
bility of maintaining in our days a sys
,em of medieval tyranny over a popula
tion living on an island which can be seen
from the shores of Florida, on the great
American continent. Every rebellion
.igainrt Spanish rule in Cuba made the
territory of the United States its refuge
ground after defeat, and its field of prep
aruilcn for the next struggle. The war
between Spain and the United States was
i.f short duration, and it ended, as every
unprejudiced observer must have known
it would end, in the defeat and humilia
tion of Spain. Thu friend* of Spain— and
in one sense at least we are all friends
<>f Spain— may be allowed to indulge in
the hope that, relieved from the exhuust
irg tasfe of tr\Sr.g to govern Cuba, and
ihr- Philippine Islands, she may devote
hers--t!f, to the work of domestic improve
ment . aiui ct recovering her position
amor's th«" intellectual forces of Europe.
Some of the states which were formerly
Sjala's vaasa!s aie now self-governing
am! prosper oita kingdoms.
Netherlands and Europe.
The Decay of Spanish Power.
Incapable of adapture to the ways of
progress and incapable of Improving the
condition of any nationality or any class
which is brought under its fatal influ
ence. Greece, on the contrary, since her
emancipation from Turkish rule under
the influence, In the first instance, of the
wise and beneficent policy initiated by
Canning, has been happily developing in
every field of growth, and has now a sys
tem of national education which would do
honor to any European state. We have
not to go far back into the leading of
modern history to arrive at a time when
the very name of a Greek was held to be
the symbol of duplicity. Ignoble craft and
chicanery, just as it used to be in the
days of Juvenal. The inspiration of ge
nius enabled Byron to understand the
country and the people better, and every
year that has elapsed since Greece was
let free from Ottoman domination has
only served more and more to
Justify the hopes of the brave
men who went out from England
and mosf parts of the civilized world
to help her in accorr.plirhins her freedom.
For some others of the southeastern pop
ulations formerly ur.tler tho rule of Tur
key there i? also good hope of growing
prosperity and national Rus
sia and Turkey were engaged in more
struggles than one sinco the days of the
Crimean war, and European congresses
made some mistakes and blunders in their
efforts at the reconstruction of Turkey's
Ill-managed dominions. But the general
result of these efforts, including the work
of the treaty of Berlin, was to establish
the complete emancipation of several
Christian provinces from the rule of the-
Ottoman power, and their elevation to the
ranks of independent and self-governing
states. There are good omens for the
southeast of Europe.
Greater Britain.
The century has seen a remarkable ar«i
a most auspicious change in the relations
The nineteenth century .would be mem
orable in the history of the world If It
had no other title to such memory than
the fact that It saw the development of
¦what used to be called the revolted North
American colonies into the great republic
of the United State?. The American re
public' is now In population, commerce,
trade, shipping, industrial science and po
litical influence one of the greatest states
in the civilillzed world. The republic. has
not attained thi3 position without serious
internal struggle, and even convulsion.
The great Civil "War between the North
ern and Southern States, which broke cut
forty years ago. was a strife so Ions and
so fierce that it seemed to outer observers
at one time to threaten the disruption o£
the republic. The Northern State?, how
ever, triumphed at last, after a sacrifice
of life and wealth not exceeded In Its pro
portions during: modern history, and a
wise and forbearing 1 policy on the part nC
the conquering States brought enemies
back into friendship, and established not
merely the unity but the T'rion of the re
public. - With the clcse of the war came
the end of the distracting slavery ques
tion, so far as North America was con
cerned, nnd the United States were left
free to pursue their career of prosperity
nnd civilization undisturbed by that one
element of disunion and of damper which
had been thetr most aertina trouble sinca
the Declaration of Independence. Tho
I*r.!t?d States have, for the greater part
of their 'history, enjoyed a perfect im
munity from the risks and troubles of
war. En th? early part of the century
Great Britain and the United States were
drawn Into a dispute about England's
claim to maintain the rijrfct of search, a
tradition, in fact, of the old days when
the States were still rolbnleS. The dis
pute led to a war. It may be safely said
that the bc?t inU'lIfot* In political life on
both sides of the water were, utterly op
posed, to the idea of makin.tr such a dis
pute a. subject for arbitration of battle,
out the obstinacy of the sovereign on this
side nnd the excitement of certain politi
cians on the other prevailed over wi3er
and calmer counsels, and a war broke out.
Peace was soon restored, aeeins that
neither country had reuch heart In the
war, and a settlement wan agreed upon,
which may be falrSy described as an un
derstanding that England waa never
again to raise her claim, and that nothing
more was to b? s»a!d upon the subject.
Since then the United States have had a
little war with Mexico, and that atrusrsle
with Spain which ended so qulelrty a few
months ago. It should be added as a fact
of some historical importance, that both
the war with Mexico and the war with
Spain were undertaken in opposition to
the opinions of many most enlightened
Americans, who maintained, and still
maintain, that the policy of the republic
ousht to be the policy laid down by
George Washington — the principle of ab
solute non-intervention In the affairs of
foreign states.
Th*> Indian Empire, as we now kno\v it,
is al?,i one cff the creations of the nine
teenth century. An entirely new system
of government ha* been able, at least, to
fill the native populations with the con
viction that justice will be done to them.
and their interests properly cared tot
under th«? developing and improving im
perial spirit, and has besrun. also, to fill
large triages cf the native populations
with a desire to be ident'fled with the new
work, ami to feel proud of India's place
in the empire. No one who has read his
tory needs to be told that the conquest of
India wa^ not always effected by means
which were likely to win the allegiance of
the native princes and peoples- Llttlo
more than midway In the century's courso
the great Indian mutiny broke out. which
threatened for a while to Interrupt thj»
whole work of British settlement. Ther»
can be no doubt that some of the native
ruler? and populations had grievances to
complain of, and that their national tra
ditiona and sentiments, as well as their
religious feeling?, had sometimes been
carelessly or wantonly disregarded by tha
rulers sent out from England. Moreover,
it cannot be doubted that the events of
the Crimean war had some share In.
arousing the temper among native prince«
and peoples which brought on the Indian
mutiny-the Indian rebellion as it might
more properly be called. The Crimean
war wa3 undertaken by England, France.
Turkey and Sardinia In order to prevent
the encroachments of. Russia in tha
southeastern parts of Europe.
What the native Princes and popu.a
tions of India saw. as tbe campaign went
on, was that It took th» whole united
strength cf those four powers to forc«
Russia into terms of submission and tha
conclusion arrived at in the native mtn-1
was that as England could not do the
work herself and even with the assistance
of France, Turkey and Sardinia found it
a hard piece of work to accomplish, tha
reason must be that England was falling
off in strength and v.as no longer to bo
dreaded as a master or relied upon aa an
efficient protector. No chapters In the
world's history are full of more thrilling
xcenes than those which were enacted
during that Indian rebellion. The gener
ation which was living and reading news
papers then couid not forget th© events,
terrible In their tragedy, often sublime
In their illustrations of human heroism
and patience, which wero brought day
after day to the knowledge of the clvi'.-
Ized world. England was* never better
served by her generals and her soldiers
than during that epoch, of severest strain.
The brave, wise and fcu-nar.e policy of th*
Viceroy, Lord Canning:, son of George
Canning. • was criticized severely at the
time by some censors In India and at
home, but it vindicated Itself In the end.
The rebellion wa« suppressed at last arJ
ore of the results uC the whole' crisis
was the extinction of the East India Com
pany and the transfer of India to the
sole control of the sovereign and Parlia
ment of Great Britain and Ireland. Som3
lessons were taupht by the outbreak and
by the sacrifices made for its suppression,
which had their effect on the policy sub
sciurntly pursued in the government of
India. The main objt.-ct of Indian rule
ever since has been ?.:> brir.? the popula
tions of India into a genuine allegiance
toward tite imperial sysiera, to make them
feel that they were sure of just and equal
treatment and that whatever advantage*
the empire opened f> the career of any
other of its subjects was open also and
equally to every native of India. Xo doubt
there have been mistakes and blunders
and shortcomings here and there In tho
carrying ollt of tIi!s "r?at work, but It
is only common justice* to say that th<?
main object of the work is such as I have
described it. and that its beneficent effect
\a felt more and more every day through
out the great Indian peninsula. Educated
natives of India have represented Eng
lish constituents in the House of Com
mons, the Civil Service and the bar of
England have given* I career to men of
Indian birth, and it rmy well be hoped
that the Englishman i.s destined to hold
his loved India— again I quote tho words
of Kinglakc— t>y other an;l better means
than the strength of a conquering power.
Unification of the American States.
Ths Empires in the East.
fort, and a project against Egypt would
now be a project against the British Em
pire. I am telling the story of the cen
tury, and it Is no part of my purpose to
append a montl lesson to every section
of the narrative. a3 the old fashioned
translations of Aesop's fables used to ap
pend for the instruction of children a. dl-
Ucictic moral application to each fable. I
shall not. therefore, enter Into any con
sideration as to the ethical uprightness o
the various movements by which England
became the owner of*l:gypt, but it is an
important point in my story that Egypt
has thus become part of the world's open
highway, that every state is free tc deal
with "her, ami that the spirit of modern
civilization will breathe upon her.
TELE SUNDAY CALL..
9
THE STORY OF THE
CENTURYBOmmer place. Each Fpread will cost
raax.y thousands of dollars, and each has
required '.-r.uny weeks if not months of
y.&ri work. Oscar has employed a corps
cf designers to arrange the "decorations,
er.<2 his scents are searching the hot- /
houses of ti;:s and ntJ->cr countries to ob
tain certain cut-of-Feason fruit which he
<Iee!res to have present. Oscar has ad
vanced the calling cf the caterer to such
e pass that one hesitates between calling
Jt an art or a science, but his syetem is
far-reaching enough to enable him to
fcring together many widely eeparated in-
THE holiday dinner has become at
length one of the multifarious ter
rore of the rich. It is not the ques
tion of eontHTJutJon to the holiday
cheer of the poor, but the providing of a
CJnner which will fully accord with the
estimate of one's station in so
ciety. In short, how to get up the very
jnost exper.Eive cinr.er has become a se
rious question. The old, much planned,
rcuch devised, "cheapest dinner," Is, after
til, only a question of quantity and the
adherence to a few threadbare essentials
In tte matter of custom, but the most ex
pensive dinner requires a generalship that
mere money may not alwavs command
Each year adds to the difficulties of the
situation eince it Ijecomes a part of the
constantly rising succeuloa of tidemarks.
This, in f;>ct, is the real question— how
to FurpaP.s all previous efforts. And this
year will be notable, because several well
known society men end women ore al
ready striving to settle the question onre
end for all by ordering the most expen
sive holiday d:!;::<_r that can possibly be
The- ¦rrangement of one or two of these
potable feasts has been ieft to the dis
cretion of <>.«car. famous over the country
jls tlM head waiter of New York'? Wal
dorf-Astoria; Os<~ar who. on his "tips."
rur.E his otro steam yacht and owns a fine
Sortie Most Costly
Feasts of the
Modern Time.
THE STTNDAT CALL.
cessary, hut it would not be In good .taste
But in decorations you could go to an al
most unlimited extent. A short time agro
I assembled a dinner of eighteen covers,
which cost in the aggregate thirteen thou
sand dollars; that Is over J722 a cover. It
wa» and still is the high-water mark in the
matter of dinners. In order to go higher
I should simply have to take each course
and each decoration and trv to supple
ment it by some more expensive item. It
is, after all. the decorations that cost so
much in these dinners. In the eighteen
thousand dollar affair I decorated the
room with a natural grape arbor, through
which the guests walked and from which
they plucked the bunches. Then there
was a fountain with fish in it, which in it
self was an expensive affair, entailing
much plumbing and carpentry work. The
flowers were all out of season, and vet
many plants were shown growing in the
native pot. It was these decorations that
cost bo much. In the most expensive din
ner I might have rare Japanese palms or
dwarf trees bearing fruit, such as cher
ries. I could send to the Orient and im
port at a colossal expense any of the fruit
bearing trees that grow there. Dwarf
pears, apples and other fruit are some
times brought to this country, and I could
have them growing on the, table, or the
dining room would be arranged as a gar
uen. in which birds would sing, plants and
ferests in the matter of food production.
Bo, Knowing that sooner or later a bona'
f.ce order of the kind will be given him,
£ Tras asked the other day to write out
tie inf-r.u for the most expensive dinner
iia could possibly {jet up.
""iVith u:iiin:it.ed capital at my com
&a.*:d," eajd he. "1 would etill have to de
pend on my resources in producing the
most expensive dirtier. AJ1 the money in
Zsew icrk would not produce strawberries
In January unless I kr.exv where to find
th^rn. Ako J might find them in one place
curing cr.e season and miles away during
the next. There are also ma.tters"of taste
Co bo considered and matters of reason.
It would be absurd and out of place to
have on our holiday tables eatables which
properly belong only to th© tropics and
are net eaten la the United States even in
mummer.
"In the matter of food alone, the most
•xpe-nsive dinner would not nan as high
in pricA ?_s you might suppose at first
I^otig'hu In any dinner in which common
eense Is taken into account the food alone
•would not oost more than twenty dollars
a cover. Thru is, without wine, decora-
Uor.s or attendance. Now you may buy
ttftw wine at almost any price, depending
en the refutation of the vintners, but you
may r.Gt always buy old wine. The con
xicisseur often values his dusty bottles
Snore highly than gold, and will on no ac-
a dozen stalks of celery, cut the long
?ta!ks down so as to leave a piece of ten
der stalk about four Inches; simmer theso
in salted water until tender: drain: fry
delicately brown In hot butter and rar
nish the fowl. Arrange English walnut
meats over the breast with parsley.
Baked Haddock.
Stuff a fish weighing about four pounds
with the following: Soak one-fourth loaf
of stale bread for ten minutes in cold
water, then put into a cheese cloth and
wring out all of the moisture. Add to
crumbs one tablespoon chopped parsley,
one tablespoon minced onion, one-fourth
teaspoon each of salt and pepper, two ta
blespoons melted butter and yolks of two
eggs; fill the cavity, sew up fish, place tall
In mouth and sew jaws together with
stout twine: place on baking dish with one
onion, one-half carrot, lay thinly sliced
pork en n?h and put In hot oven. Bake
about 45 minutes, basting fish with a ta
blespoon of hot broth? every 10 minuted.
Just 10 minutes before done pour over a
white sauce, sprinkle generously with fine
crumbs and brown.
Oatmeal and Dates. '
A delicious breakfast dish. Cook oat
meal as usual, then pack into a buttered
border mold, adding pitted and chopped
dates; set In a hot oven for 10 minutes,
unmold, fill center with pitted, unchopped
dates and pass with plain cream.
Cucumber Salad.
Dissolve half a box gelatine in half cup
cold water for half an hour, then add It to
»ne nint hnillnar water and stir thorotisrh-
mold and 1 Bet In cool place until set, m
mold and garnish with mayonnaise and
hard-boiled egg whites.
Almond Pudding.
Blanch and chop half a pound sweet al
mond3 fine. Beat six egg whites until
stiff, then add to them the nuta, half a
teaspoon salt, one quart bread crumbs
and pour Into a buttered mold lined -with
blanched, almonds >as illustrated, cover
tightly and steam one .and a half hours;
unmold and garnish with hard sauce fla
vored with win*.
A Good Cup of Tea,
Place one teaspoon of Gunpowder and
Oolong tea for each person In a scalded
teapot (never tin nor iron) and one extra
teaspoon: let stand where It will heat but
not scorch for five minutes: then pour on
one cupful of perfectly boiling water for
each person served: let stand (not boll)
for fiv» minutes and serve Immediately.
Oyster Cocktails. •
Renwre pulp from four lemons and fin
tho Shells with small oysters; pour over a
sauce made of one teaspoon grated horse
radish, two teaspoons pure catchup, dash
"Worcestershire sauce, two tablespoons
lemon juice, pinch salt. Serve on a plat*
of cracked ica with lemon and parsley
garnish.
/ Staffed Beets.
Boil beets until tender, cover with vine
gar and stand over night. "When ready to
serve rub off the skins, scoop out the cen
ters to form a cup, arranga on lettuce
leaves. For five beets chop one head of
spoon grated onion, i one ¦ teaspoon minced
parsley, ; one-half teasi>oon ¦ summer sa
vory, on© teaspoon cold butter, one beaten
ege, salt and pepper. : Sew up the vents
ana roast. Remove the tough outside from
ly: then add one ctrp lemon juice, one cap
cider vinegar; fill a quart mold full of
thinly sliced cucumbers: put the dish of
liquid in a pan of , chopped Ice and stir
until it begins to thicken, then fill the
celery and ftH caps: pour over a dfcaafag
made of two tablespoons olive oil. hale
tablespoon vinegar, quarter teaspoon each
of salt and paprika. Cut tho remnants oX
beets Into. fine cubes and heap on top.
eCrnt snrrentter ta«n. Tnerein diplomacy
and opportunity must corns to procure
•what mere money cannot buy. The mat
ter of attendance Is a matter of taste. Tou
could have a waiter fcr each guest If ne-
En 5£ ula JF©w. PPPlln* cascaaes -would
£™!i* k ° «*?« of sunlirht or moonlight
could be produced electrically: we might
make summer oblivious to a hobday storm
wlthoou Oh, yes; all of these things could
b« ¦ produced at a ooet as mgn as you
please. •• Such a dinner would require
months of preparation and might cost
fifty thousand dollars; may be more, may
be less— It would depend entirely . on tho
trouble involved. ,
"But, as I have intimated, all thi3 is
not food. It is decorations. To be
sure, you would eat some of the decov
rations just as you would eat the con
tents of the decorative fruit basket on
your table. But in the matter of mere
focd alone I must refer back to my cf
tlrr.ate of twenty dollars a cover, for
you can not eat more than a certain
amount and that certain amount is sal
able only at the market rate. You could
nave diamonds in the moat."
'\\ hat would be the menu for the most
ex ,P,'JP s . ! , ve dinner?" Oscar was asked.
Well, pince I have already tried my
best to make one dinner as expensive as
1 m "ft take Its bill of fare and
substitute still more important things."
£^ ar tAL rrUMl to nis <iosk »nd thought
m^AtM, f t l n ll e lurned t" 'his typewriter
and dictated the following:
Buffet Russe.
* -.,, Oyster Cocktails.
Amontillado. • . .
Lemardelais a la Princesse
i'asado. Green Turtle. Bolivar.
Lobster in Basket.
Colonline of Chicken. • California style
Kocky Mountain Sheep with Puree
of Chestnuts.
Jelly. Brussels Sprouts. Saute.
Fresh Asparagus. '
Fancy Sherbet.
Diamond Back Terrapin.
Canvas Back Duck. "Grape Fruit Salade
Fresh Strawberries. '
Vanilla Mousse.
Confections. Coffee. Fruits.
"There, now, sir," said this greatest ov
.lead waiters." who -signs his first name
with the same air" that Napoleon, might
have UEod when putting his initial to a
state document, "there now. that is the
very best I could do merely with food if
I nail a fortune to deal with. Of course
I could double the size of the dishes, and
I could squeeze in many thins* which
would sound well, but which the guests
w . d £. ot eat - There -would bo no reason
in it. If,* however, you will examine that
menu you will see that several hunting
parties would be required to procure the
Rocky Mountain sheep, the duck, the ter
rapin, the asparagus, and so forth, at this
season of the year. .Add private wine and
"xtensive decoration to such a spread anil
you will have a dinner that will cost vou
a small fortune."
Recipes &hat jfire
inexpensive but
Poached ; Eggs on Fish Balls.
•Put one coffee cup of salt codfish and
six. large peeled potatoes cut into slices in
enough boiling water to cover. When po
tatoes are tander drain and beat all with
&¦ } Qr }y- add one tablespoon, cold butter,
salt if needed, pepper and two beaten
eggs: shape into cakes; dip In beaten ess
and fry. in deep hot fat until brown; drop
fresh eggs in -muffin rings; set in hot wa
ter; simmer (not; boil) until the white is
just tlrm; remove to the hot cakes ami
serve . on ¦ a naolcin. ; ¦ ¦ - ¦
• Bus sian Co ffee.
Allow one tablespoon lof finely ground
coffee to each guest; place in the filter of
a Russian, pot and pour ovenone cup of
boiling: water for each- person served*
stand the pot where it will keep hot, but
not boil, until thecoffee filters through. :
Boasted Chicken,; Potato StufBcd.
After cleaning- and '-. trussing the fowl,
fill two-thirds full .with i the following:
Mash white, boiled potatoes, very smooth;
to on© pint these : add 'one-half . tea-
10
SIDE DISHES FOR THE
NEW
YEAR
DINNEROther Nations.
ot Canada to the British Empire. Down
to the opening of Queen Victoria's reign
tho populations of upper and lower Can
ada—in other words, the populations
mainly of I'lezich or of English extraction
—had been like two hostile encampments,
while the only sentiment commpn to both
was the sentiment of hostility to the home
Government at Westminster. Early in the
prc-bent reign this latter feeling displayed
itself in actual rebellion, and cne of the
lirst duties forced on tlie Government of
the youn£ Queen was the subjection of the
rebellious Canadian provinces. The Gov
ernment then sent out .1 man of genius,
Lord Durham, entrusted with almost ab
solute poworn for tho work of pacification,
and Lord Durham doviscd for Canada a
system of legislative srlf-sovcnjment
which has been completed by the forma
tion of what is now the Dominion of Can
ada. Absolute content, devoted loyalty to
the crown and the imperial system, and a
steadily increasing prosperity have been
the results of Lord Durham's policy. The
Australian colonies have grown from what
was chiefly regarded in England as a con
veniently remote settlement for convicts
into one of the most prosperous and prom
ising parts of the British Empire, An act
of Parliament passed in the* last year of
the century crowned the work by creating
the Australian Commonwealth, and this
doing for the Australian colonies what
had already been done for the provinces
of Canada-
S»*. 1 k@M sTUffw Dfe 1 fc^F* C FPmT wV rv^7 i Hv IVxi/Hx j/\\\-4r Ml V £*£-
found anticipations of coming prosperity.
The Progress of Britain.
I have purposely left the story ef.the
British Islands for the last in my 1 rapid
survey of the century's dealings with
most of. the countries In the world. No
national convulsion, no revolutionary
changes, disturbed the progress of these
islands during? the period which it is my
task to survey. The reign of Queen Vic
toria occupies nearly three :p:^rtn of. that
time, and during all those long- years the
safety of the empire at home has never
been threatened t>y any fonlgn foe.-. No
Knyiish statesman during that time has
ever had to confront the risks and .dan
gers wldch mu.st more than onco have
pressed upon tho mind of a Thieru, a Ca
vour,'or a. Bismarck. Kngland, as we
have Men, has been ongagvd in foreign
wars, and has had to deal with many a
crbis in ifce northwest provinces of Aela,
in 1-JinduHtan, in Egypt, and in South
Africa. At home her career has been one
of unbroken and pteadily growing prosper
ity. The century has been for her a pe
riod of pacilic reform and of political ad
vancement. It paw tho establishment of a
genuine system of representative govern
ment, it saw Ifce birth and the growth of
the great philanthropic" reforms which
protect the labor of the poor- and .tho
young from the old-time tyranny'.of'.'un
scrupulous taskmasters, it saw the pass
ing, uf the act which put an end to slav
ery in the colonies, -the abolition of flog
ging in the army and tho navy, and the
removal of the odious disqualifications
and penalties which were onco inflicted
upon any manner of dissent from the es
tablished religion of the state. The cen
tury began with the earnest efforts of a
few advanced reformers to obtain some
thing like a system of national education
for the populations of these islands. Some
thirty years before the century's close
these efforts were, at last, crowned with
success, and we have now in England a
system of popular education such as some
other countries in Europe had been enjoy
ing for many Ions generations. . The whole
fiminclal system oi the country has like
wise undergone a complete change. The
doctrines of free trade which were com
monlv held to be the notions , of mere
theorists, so lately even as the days of
Adam Smith, were adopted by. Sir. Robert
Peel as tho inspiring principle of practical
legislation. Let it be added that, the cen
tury has seen in the present reigning sov-
erelgn the first really constitutional mon
arch whom England ha3 ever known.
A Century of Intellectual Greatness.
The century has undoubtedly been one
of Intellectual greatneBs. "Man's uncon
querable mind,", to adopt the language of
Wordsworth, has had Its victories and its
triumphs in every Held. There have been
great stntcaniMt who were also great ora
tora, like Canning arfd Peel and Gladstone,
like Thlers and Gambetta and Castelar.
There liavo been- great statesmen who
were not orators, like Cavour and Ui*
marck. In ¦ literature Kngiand has had
two great , epochs during the_ century.
First camo the. time- which is represented
by Scott, Byron, Wordsworth, Shelley nnd
Keats and Lamb and Hydney Sniith, and
then the later times which .we associate
with the names /of Dickens and Thack
eray, of Tennyson and Browning, of Aia-r
caulav -and Grote, Thomas Carlyle Hnd-
John Stuart Will, of Freeman, Froude nnd
Green, of Charlotte Bronte and George
Eliot," of Matthew Arnold, Swinburne,
Itoeeettl, Morris and many others almost
equally celebrated. Franco has had
George Sand and Victor Hugo, the elder
and the younger Dumas, Ualzac, -Alfred
dc Mussel r.ntl a whole host ofpoets, no\ v 
ilists and writers o* history.* The Scandi
navian populations have, developed quite
a literature of their own both in romance
ond In the drama, and while in tho earlier
part of; the century no story-teller could
have been more universally popular than
Hnns Christian Andersen, in its latter
half no livlns dramatist was > nearly ao
much admired, so much imitated, so much
criticized, so much "denounced * and so
much the subject o* worldwide discussion
as Htfnrik Ibsen- ..Russia, too, has devel
oped a literature of her own during the
century, and has compelled the. whole civ
ilized warM to give attention to it, to rec
ognize and tQ welcome It. No nair.es are
more famous In living -literature than
those of Tolstoi and Turgenlelt, and
th^e two great novelists have already
schools of followers, and of Imitators
wherever;, romance- is associated -with - a
purpose and a mission. Germany has not
of fate. years done much in literature to
set the world wondering, but we must re
member that some of Schiller's and many
of Goethe's finest works and all'of Heine's
poems belong to the achievements of . the
nineteenth century. The whole' story of
America's literature may be said to belong
to the present century. It tells us of
Washington Irving, cf Bryant. Erreraon,
Wod.nell Holmes, I.onKMlnw. Hawtho-.ne.
Edgar Poe, Lowell, Walt Whitman* Bret
R&rte; but the grtat creative- genius of
American litcra-.urc is yet to come
The ItfewBpaper.
The cheap and popular newspaper as we
know it to-day la entirely tho creation of
the nineteenth century. The dally jour
nal which brings home to every household
an account of yesterday's occurrences at
the other side of the globe, the weekly
paper v.ith Its ,- profuse illustrations
wrousht hy the hands of genuine H.rtl3t»,
the popular magazines .with their contri
butions by literary men and women of
established reputation, Ihe Independent
dully criticism of statesmen and p;irlla
irjeiUn. the full reports of representative
.upsemblles and of pilbllc nieettnsv.— all
those am among thn : latest product-, of
¦Civilization, 1 : and. the forethought of tnem
Could -never -have entered Into the mind
of' Samuel Johnson, of George Washing
tt.n^or ¦ oven- of ; Talleyrand.
- ';.-¦" , : Music and tho Arts.
'. In 'the i tvorld3 of literature and art we
d<r not* look 'for progressive development.
No i one expects that growth of human
thought and culture can bring out greater
sculptors than those who lived atid
v routfht In the lice of Pericles, nj>blt:r
architecture than that of the Parthenon
and tho Temnle of Theseus, or the Gothic
cathedrals of Christianized Europs. We
do hot loolt for greater poets than Homer
nnd • Virgil, Shakespeare, Dante and
Goethe,. But in painting, sculpture, muiic
and tha dramatic arts, although not per
haps in architecture, the nineteenth pen*
turyhas fairly held its own. The world,
it may safely be declared, has never Fcen
greater actors ¦ than Edmund Kean and
Rachel, and, in our own days, Sarah
Bcrnhardt.- and In music Germany has
created an ; entirely new 1 school of her
own. .
A Century of Thought.
There have been r great tblnkerH In the
nineteenth century who may well be
placed in the ¦ highest intellectual ranlr.
Auguste Comte,: and Darwin, and Her
bert Spencer. The century has had
preachers and divines • of t£e highest or
der,, men' whose fame belongs not merely
to any one sect or denomination, but is
recognized by all the civilized world. Tho
century has been gloriously endowed -with
EOldlers, and, indeed, heroe3 in every field
of human solf-aacrltlce, with missionaries
and mHityrs. It hasi been the century es
pecially nt organized and scientific explor
ing. The work of philanthropy, too, has
been organized until it has become a rec
ognized .Institution of civilization. Even
the horrors of tho battlefield have been
mitigated by the fpirit of tho modern
time, and the p.oblc work of the Geneva
Convention has i.cne aomethlnc at least
to counterbalance the destructive busi
ness of modern military sclenco on tho
battlefield. I have already called atten
tion to the fact that nn attempt has once
again been made by one of the irjeatest
European sovereigns for the establish
ment uf a tribunal before which disputing
htates might submit their controversy to
iieureful arbitration. Nothing very decis
ive hu« yet come of tho rt:cent congress
held nt The Hague for this purpose, but
It Irt KomethlnK, nt loa^t, to know that
llje ruling powers of, tho civilized vorld
were wiillnff.to entertain the Wea, nnd
united, in cxprc^fflng a hope that it may
before •long become a practical reality.
The. common intelligence of the world Is
undoubtedly tending that way. The clo3
ins yciirH of tho century saw tho aettle
¦tk nt. by peaceful arbitration, of a dis
pute between Ungland nnd the United
States on wliat is known as the Venezuela
(luestlcn. which might, nt an earlier date,
have been referred by these two powers,'
as a matter of ecjrse, to the arbitrament
of war. It has been, asserted that civiliza
tion has but two paths of progress— first,
the path of corquest, and then the path o(
peace. War, bo runs the argument, moat
tlrst hew down • the obstacles 'and "clear
the way, in order that the new path may
be opened along which, peace la to have
its march and Its- mission.* Without in
quiring too closely into the general accu
racy of this somewhat metaphorical dec
laration, it vnay reasonably be admitted
that civilization han generally begun its
way by conquest. Perhaps there Is all the
better reason to hope that the other part
of the doctrine may also have Its warrant
of truth. If this be ro we may. without
indulging in any vain dreamings. admit
trt our minds the confident hope that thi»
nineteenth century, with its, intellect and
its cultuie, its travel and its science, !ts
broadening philosophy, and its better un
derstanding of economic truths. '. must
have done something to supersede the
work of conquest and to open the way for
the work of peace.
this vision of the Christ.
It Is part of the fascination of the life
of Christ as a topic of study that men's
views of it are boih infinitely varied and
gloriously uniform. ..There are certain
original records coniecrnlng him which
have come down tn us along a course of
seventeen or eishteen centuries and from
¦which all kno-wk-dge of him Ik supposed to
be derived, but every interpreter of those
records Is liable to read into them his own
Ideas. Not only so. but it is by no means
c!far that the recorders themselves quite
understood, or even that they did not
sometimes seriously miRundorBtand, the
true import of what they were writing.
Sunday-school children are sometimes
made to sins of a wish that they had
been in Palefitine when Jesus lived there.
But finch a wish partukes rather of the
nature of shallow sentiment than of re
flective wisdom. For a comprehension of
the life and work of Christ and their
moral and spiritual significance in rela
tion to Individual or universal miin. I
would rather live here and now than to
have lived even "on that hillside In Pales
tine where and when was delivered that
mntchleHS discourse^ commonly styled
"The Sermon or. the Mount." How even
the twelve misunderstood him after more
than three years of dally personal Jntor-
course with him! Judas betraying him
for a bandfur*of silver, Peter denyir.a:
with oaths ond curses all lmowleti/re of
him, and all the rest running away In or
der to avoid I fing Involvod in the. nccii
pations made against him. fiven prior to
that final time of perl!* nnd trial how, in
their anger at the hostility of some mm
to their master they 6O misinterpreted lil«
spirit tllat th-?y would have s!ain thQB9
m^n'by calling down nre upon tliem from
heaven. And, to a large extent, thnt m's
undersVndinp of him has repeated itself
in niw form or another all down the agi-s
of «."hristfan history. Ecclesiastical vener
ation has hidden him behind clouds of in
cense burned to do him honor. His tench
ins has been libeled Ijy dogmatic state
ments and formulated cree<1^ avowedl>
framed to commend him to the minds and
hearts of men. In like manner his spirit
has been po misreprpcented by ecelesasil
cal methods and reEulatlona for propa
gating his KospeJ that he has r.eemed to
thousands' rather as one who dosed the
channels of divine love than as one w'to
would open them to all. Thus, of many
who have vaunted their authority an his
only true exi>onents, it might be said with
truth, "They, have taken away the Lord
and we know not where they have laid
him." 'Worse still, In many an Instance
where earnest souls have sought him In
sincerity but failed to find him in for
mulated creeds and ecclesiastical systems,
they have been warned, denounrt.d and
consigned to endless perdition for refus
ing allegiance' to what won. In trmh, a
fierce, fiilse, manufactured Christ.
Ami yet, through It all. there is a vis
ion of the t.:hritit that bos dawned upun
tho_ new 'world and is becoming' rnoi'-j
clear as the years roll by. Somehow
i hero Is shining' forth from the mists of
thought nnd tha alternating storms" of
passion tliat have pervaded the ag-es <>f
Christian history a vision of mntehless
Bruco tin'l majesty upon which the eye of
the world is being Ih'ocl with Browing
v.omler nnd Joyous hope, It is tho wis
dom of the Son of Man. It is bcamtnsr
upon. the- face of humanity and sinking
into its very ?oul. commanding love and
worship jn ii thousand forms ami acts of
moral devotion find .spiritual rcverenc**.
To contempl&te that vision H< to behold
embodied the. Ideas o? Divine Fatherhood
and human bruthrrliood: it i'< to see the
moral qualities of conduct rriorlfled; It is
to behold service anil Hel'-(]etilal as nt
<.noe the Inw cf progress and the secret,
of blesst^dneKS'. and to discover how the
glory of the higher life is attained by
(steadfast fidelity to trulh. to duty and ti
(rotl, oven through self-sacr|!tce and
death. It Is this vision which la dawning
upon the world afresh nn;l reawanenins
a form of thouEhtfulne£?s v- - hich seems
• testlned to become the dominant ingre
dient in the future solvent of our much
talked of social prohlem*. This faacln
nting vlxion of the Chrlt t appeal* to us
anew. un«l all thnt is best In us respond*
to lt.<? claim. \V«» have learned from it to
call certain thinp* hieh and noble, an<t
ct-rtnlu other things low un<i mean. We
regard ourselves as sound nnd healthy In
proportion as \v« are ab!o and wlllint? ro
follow Its guidance, and In proportion to
a reverse condition of dlsi)oaitlon anJ
character we confess ourselves as mor
ally unhealthy and unsound. Not only so.
but it Is l;pf?lnriliifr to be understood that
the idea* of Christ's teachlnR put into ac
tion in the spirit of Christ's llf« would
mean the transformation of nnclety. the
redemption of the* world, the bringing In
of a now heaven and a new earth.
I trust it is no reapoi'-'.oss optimism
which promptH tho belief that th« Christ
of ecclesiastical <lopma and tradition Is
givir.jr placo to a manlier and withal u
nobler form and tlKure, a personality who
shall oxorctsfi a new ami infinitely mer^
potent force .toward the evolution of the
bplritual in mankind.- As yet this Is nit
the view of th« mniority of these who call
themselves Christians. Against the. dog-
mntism with which certain old viaws of
Christ are maintained it 13 virtually use
leas to iirtiic, anrl a'.most equally usele3.=»
to point out the mischief it has wrought
in the world, But the believers in tha
sv/ofter temper and the gentler spirit oC
the Christ that la to be can do something
nobler than to encage in polemical con
tentions with the irnnclad champions of
tlie old theology. They can say by tho
kindlier silence of peace ami pood will,
Tlehold "wa "how unto you a. mure excel
lent way of viewing thla' Christ, and
through his character and life of regard
ing the infinite Father, of whose love and
gootlnesa ho 13 the sublimest human ex
pression.
Taking the manhood of Jesus as thei
Ideal manhood, the spirit of his life «\3 tho
spirit In which all human life should be
lived; tho truths which he taught as un
folding for rrankln-1 the infinite jrlortes of
the spiritual universe, we sec in Christ not
"a root nut of dry pround." not "the man.
of marred visage." the one cf ali othera
Inciting In comeliness and beautv. but "the
fairest amorg ten thousand ir"l the alto-
Kfther lovoly." Taking the life of Jesus
r» truly human and therefore divine In It3
essence, qualities!, relationships and sig
nificance, we find ir. him not some exclu
sive inhabitpp.t «.f the skies iet down out
of heaven for a brief period for tho special
advantage of our bone, flesh of our flesh.
a great upt vernal ten of man. Intimately
ar.cl consciously related to all mankind.
Foi in truth the great principle* pro
claimed by Mm and illustrated in his Ufa
nre such ns to tnuth the lives of all men
will- n touch of Mcwim and ennobling 1
power. I dream 01 a comlns time when,
the fascination of moral studies sr-all b»
a frlrndly tnd successful rival to the at
tractions'cf literature and actence at our
seats of, learning— when the cultivation
of moral r.tamlna shall even transcend *ha
development of physical strcmrth among
cur voun,j men — when In the business
world character ahcil be at a premium as
compared with sold— and. when moral no
bility shall everywhere awoctcn "the
•stream of sensuous pleasure. I dream of;
si temlng time wher. it will seom ai sense
less to bneer at religion a* to despise
bread, ani when the connection of moral
minlincss with thr- God-consciousrtei3 in,
human II fo sshnll be recognized jia -tha
natural connection of effect and cause.
And If such anticipations of the near £u
turo accm nangume even as dreams they
must be accounted for In the lijjht of the
vision of Christ, its limitless potency aa
a tran* forming:, repenerutins Tis;ency, and
the new interest it in excltinsr in tha
awhkened thought of the world. On tho
threshold of a new century this Christ
ideal Is commended not as the genius of
an effete ccclcslasticiom. r\nr an Savior
from hysterical fears or to rhapsodic sen
timental J^vs. nor as Sav'.or out of a ma
terial npll and into a material heaven,
but aj the h!che?i i 3 mbo<lirr > ?r > .t r.f tha
loftiest conceptions of humanity and hu
man life. In ChnM we have embodied
the good, the beautiful and the true — epot
les-s purity, sterling integrity and throb
bing human »yrr»p?.thy— aH^that Is gent'©
and sweet Jn disposition and temper and
all that is beneflct-nt and self-*acrifictns
in service of others. To know him Is to
be.rrliglou3 with a rellerion t^iat is lifted
and that lifts wltii It all that !a true in
the creeds aid all that is rxcollent in eth
lca? science into the soulful zone, where
eiuty becomes devotion, whero conscience
, bt comes cnergisteil with a passion for
righteousness and v.here worship becomes
In a very real and practical sense com
munion with the spirit of God.
The year Is polnK, let him go.
Ring out the false, rins in the tru».
Ring in the lov« of truth and right,
Itins in the common love of sffful.
Ring out the feud of rich and poor. ¦ -^^
Ring in redress to all mankind.
Ring in the nobler modes of life,
¦With sweeter manners, purer laws.
Fling; in the valiant man and fre».
The larsrer heart, the kindlier hand]
Ring out the darkness of the land, '
. Rins in the Christ that is to be.
Continued from Pate Nine.
The indixidunl struggling upward
aprainst a dead weight of moral inortia
and an fidverse force of physical propfn
fcity. combined with a thousand beset
ments of external circumstance, needs the
stimulating vision of the Great Teacher,
who. as tho Great Exemplar, also lived
out In human words and deeds his own
great lessons. And society, sorely puz
zled over the miserable tangle of moral
evil, equally needs the magic vision and
the healing touch of him who proclaimed
the laws of heaven for the life of earth,
prd pet them in motion for tho hr-aling of
th«j nations. In truth all men det-irinj? to
live true and noble lives need the lip-ht
ami' the love, the v.-isdom and the inspir
ation which come to human souls with
ulties ar.3 the moral «enf?o the folly of
the wrong and the wisdom of the right in
the abstract is all very well, so far as it
goes, but the influential' method is that
which preronts the conflict between gnod
and evil alive and in motion, which dram
atizes to throbbing lieartp oven the ex
tremes which the poet phrases as "th.>
hate of hate, the scorn of scorn, the love
of love." _
And go it come? to pa.=? that we can
interpret tho demand of those old Greeks
to "see Jjhpus" as typical of the world':;
demand or need to-day.
When v.'o have disposed of tho old ques
tions, perhaps wita a peremptory nega
tive o» an argumentative uon possumus,
there crowd* uiion us from the CnrJat-
I i that remains a new set of inter
rogalorfd that vrili not down. Xhls Christ
ldea£ with its moral forces find its be
:.;?:: inflrcner*., whence and ?iow did i«.
coma into the world? and how arc we to
account f'«r the new type of ch;iract«*r ami
tin new flood of life that came with H?
When and how did this Christ-ideal form
Jtseif and lw.'g:in to flame athwart the
i. r:)l r'.rrn.-.tr.ent? Must there not have
l**«n behind it pome human personaliiy,
warm .uith flesh and blood and throb
bing-with human sympathy and bencQ
concc? Can we conceive of eu«;b a phts
iioHienon in the pnlritual evolution of-hu
manity as the Chrlst-Idi-al apart from the
force of f=orae human individuality, sotn>
veritable Jesus who lived and died? In
deed, If we imagine those' old document*
that we call the four gospels entirely
blotted cut. bo that there remained no
ture personal source and Fecret of it all.
should we be able to reft until we had
foarched for and found, or else inferen
tial^ constructed, euch a personality?
As a celebrated astronomer infercntially
felt his way to the discovery of the invis
ible planet Neptune, so, it Feems to me,
we should have to reason our way to the
discovery of the -unknown Jesus as a veri
table personality, living and breathing
fomewhere at the source of the Christian
ideal. For the world is never long con
tent with abstractions. It is not enough
to praise the ethical perfections of Chris
¦U&nlty. To present to the reasoning fac-
In thj domain cf moral and religious
thought th«?re is to-day no more absorb
ing topic before the world than the story
of the peasant prophet cf Nazareth. Not
only docs the literature of that tU)Tf In
crease as our knowiedge of nature ex-*
r.ands and as our Interest in the moral
phases of. truth intensities, but the very
analysis and criticisms of those docu
ments from which that Ftory has been
evolved have an ultimate tendency to br-
oime even mere constructive than <1e
etructive in their effects. J'or, when each
critic has for himself and to his own eat-
Isf action fully ««d finally disposed of
v.hat he deems the mythical, the miracu-
Jcus, or the impossible in the gospels,
¦what still .remain? assumes a new ami in
tensely absorbing interest.
f There'e a new foot en the floor, tny fri^ni,
* And a new fare at the door, ray friend,
A new itcft at the door.
— Tennyson.
COT'LD there possibly be a grander
time than the present — this** opening
r. f a new year and a. new century —
for a fresh Ftart In pursuit of the
'^a! In human lift? And could there pos
sibly be any othf r i-uch incitement to this
pursuit as is four.d in the vision of Christ
as it appears to the world in both its old
est and its newest form?
Those Gret ks of whom it Is related that
during their visit to Jerusalem they
fcoueht an Introduction- to Jesus may be
regarded us typical of a world-wMe class.
They had heard of tho gTeat prophet, an.i
of his payings and doir.ga, but in order to
form their own conclusions regarding
thwe they wanted to see himself. That
there was a measure of curiosity back of
their request ir is natural enough to sup
pose, but it is equally natural to conclude
that this w:is not all. Hay we. not assume
that they v. r ; re actuated by some deeper
motive? It is not curiosity alone on the
part of rtuJcrs of newspapers that 'cre
ates the occupation of the interviewer;
neither is it curiosity plus the mere love
t.i amusement that crowds our theaters.
Only a few are so constituted or trained
as to be content with trulh in the ab
ttract. Those <Jrecks wanted to get as
n^ar as possible to the life that prompted
and gave force to tho truths uttered by
in i great teacher; they wanted to Ret into
the presence of the personality whence
¦proceeded the great <3<-eds that had tilled
the civilized, world with his fame. And
to Jt is still.
THE STOTDAY CALL.
The century has done little for China,
the oldest of the old. and much for Japan,
the newest of the new, in Asiatic civiliza
tion. Nor had It greatly changed the con
dition of the South American States, al
though It may be safely assumed that
these States have a great future before
them, if climate, soil, natural resources,
and quick-witted populations can be re
garded as eafe evidences on which to
11
THE CHRIST THAT IS TO BETHE SUNDAY CALL.
12Body of f an Unknown Found.
SACRAMENTO, Dec.' 29.— Word was re
ceived here to-day that the body of. an un
known man had been found floating in the
river near the foot' of Sherman Island,
nearly sixty miles below this city. 'The
Coroner, will : bring : the , remains' here to
morrow.
Wreck Sighted.
EMPIRE ; CITY, Cr., Dec.. 29.— Captain
Semsen of ¦ the schooner Gotama, which
has just arrived*, reports fighting a wreck,
bottom up, seventy-five miles ' west by
north of .the, Umpqua- light December"; 22.
This • Is- probably- the i wreck reported by
other Incoming vessels.
HABJSISWOB.TH EM CHARGE.
For One Day English Editor Will
Control the New York World.
NEW YORK. Dec 29.— Alfred Harms
worth, editor and proprietor of the Lon
don Dally Mail, has consented to take
entire charge, for one day only, of the
New' York World next Monday, to Illus
trate his Ideas of what the twentieth cen
tury Dewspaper should be. Tuesday's edi
tion of the World will b« under Mr.
HarmswortVs sole direction— la form,
•tyle and contents.
BEQUESTS OF vTLLABD.
Hospitals.
Gives Large Sums to Universities and
x NEW YORK. Dec. 29.— The will -of the
late Henry^Villard makes these public be
quests: Columbia University, $30,000; Har
vard University, $50,000*; DobBs Ferry Hos
pital Association. $50,000; New York 'In
firmary for Women and ; Children, $5000;
German Society of New York, $5000; SocI-'
etv for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren.' $2500 ; hospital '; at Speyer. Germany,
which he founded, 160,000 marks; museum
at I Kalserlautern,- 60,000 marks ; the town
of Speyer, i 50,000 marks, the Income from
which. Is to be applied to . the making of
loans to deserving mechanics.
end that the present constitutional limit
may be removed and a more reasonable
and useful one substituted. There has
been a continual Increase In Federal leg
islation of a peremptory character and
related to the Immediate and routine
necessities of the country, and so it has
come to pass that of the four sessions of
Congress held during a Presidential term
two are so brief as to scarcely permit the
passage of necessary appropriation bills,
while of the others one occurs when the
President is usually strange in his new
office and burdened with importunities
and labors Inseparable from a change of
administration, and the remaining one en
counters during Its continuance the inter
ruptions, timidity and demoralization of
a Presidential and Congressional canvass.
These conditions suggest the scant oppor
tunity allowed for the initiation and adop
tlon of new and important remedial leg
islation during a Presidential term.
boundary line of Merced County -to the
southeast corner thereof; thence north
easterly along the northern boundary' of
Madera County to the northeast corner
thereof; thence southerly and easterly
along ihe eastern boundary lines of Ma
dera, Fresno and Tulare counties to the
southeast corner of Tulare County: thence
easterly along the southern boundary line
of Inyo County to Its intersection with
the eastern boundary line of the State.
¦ It Is unlawful for any railroad, steam
boat or transportation! company. Its.offi
cers or agents, to accept for shipment," or
to ship or transport any cattle originat
ing or being south or west of the line
described destined to any' point In the
State north or east of the line, except in
accordance with the regulation concern
ing cattle transportation as may ba issued
by the United States Departri«it «? Ag-
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW. YORK, 7D«c 23.— The World has
the following* from London: The report
that the Prince of Wales proposed to visit
New York with Sir Thomas Llpton for the
yacht races was brought to ihe notice
of Sir Francis Knolly3. the Prince's pri
vate secretary, by: the World correspond
ent to-day and the latter received the fol
lowing reply:
"SANDRINGHAM. Norfolk, Dec. 23.—
Dear Sir: There is.nc truth whatever In
the report to which you refer. Tours
faithfully. FRANCIS KNOLLYS."
Positive Statement of the
Secretary of the
Prince.
WALES WILL
NOT SEE THE
YACHT RACE
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.-WritIng on the
"President of the Twentieth Century."
for a copyright special Issue of the New
York Wcrld to-morrow, ex-President
Cleveland refers to the Presidential ten
ure In these terms:
"Thoughtful citizens will more and
more appreciate the objections urged
against the present Indirect and cumber
some mode of electing their Presidents.
The circumstances In which this plan
criminated ou»ht no longer to excuse such
a baffling confusion of ideas as grows out
of the proposition that In a popular gov
ernment the people's chief officer and
their most direct represenTative may be
made the recipient of their trust and the
depository of their power In flagrant op
position to the declared popular will.
"Strong arguments are from time to
time urged In favor of a change in the
Tenure of the Presidential office. These
i hould challenge serious attention, to the
EX3XES EEGAEDINO THE
SHIPMENT OF CATTLE
Governor Gage Issues a Proclamation
Clianging the Present Quaran
tine Agrainst Texas Fever.
SACRAMENTO. Dec 29.— On recom
mendation of Dr. C. H. Blcmer. State
Veterinarian, Governor Gage to-day Is
sued a proclamation changing the present
quarantine against the disease among
cattle known as Texas, splenetic or south
ern fever, and fixinj; it as follows: Be
ginning or. the Pacific Coast where the
northern bo jndary line of Monterey Coun
ty connects with th? Pacific Ocean; thence
easterly along 'he northern' boundary of
Monterey and Stn Benlto counties to the
western boundary u n e of Merced County:
thence northerly, easterly and southerly
along ?>»• w«*tftrn, northern and eastern
Believes the Present Method Too Indirect and Cumbersome and
Urges a Longer. Tenure of Office.
"Another argument of considerable
weight in favor of the change is based
upon the complaint that the business and
other important interests of our people
are now too frequently disturbed and dis
quieted by the turmoil and heat of a Pres
idential election. It is not amiss to add
that a substantial extension of the execu
tive tenure would pave the way. for estab»
lishlng the ineligibility of an Incumbent
to succeed himself, which has long found
favor with a large. class; of our people as
a consummation much to be desired. V
"Thus American citizens in the twen
tieth century will be charged with the
duty of securing for themselves' the
actual substance of popular rule by estab
lishing a more direct mode of selecting
the people's chief executive In strict ac
cordance with the people's will, and by
so extending the tenure as to enable him
to better serve his countrymenjindlmofe
thoroughly protect and defend' alii their
Interests." • :•
nculture and . except such cattle are
shipped by rail for immediate slaughter.
In ca6e of such shipments last named be
ing made, separate pens must be set apart
for^ receiving cattle so shipped and cars
shall be cleansed and disinfected before
again used, and all . cars used • forj such
shipments must be .placarded "southern
cattle." Rules for disinfecting pens arid
cars are also laid down. Any violation' of
the. rules and regulations Is made punish
able as provided by law. . - -. • "
Kansas City Block in Grasp of Fire.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Dec. SO, 2:45 'a. m.
—The large Pennock block at Twelfth and
Main streets, across the alley from -the
Baltimore' Hotel, is burning. The loss will
be heavy. • Guests are ; leaving : the ¦ Balti
more Hotel, but there is no confusion and
It Is not likely that there will be loss of
life- ¦¦-;. ¦ .'¦ •:'¦'•.•..;•:'; . . • ' ¦ *
Pugilist Assists m Mak
ing an Arrest at .
Newark.-.
Special Dispatch t' The Call '. .
NEWARK, N. J., Dec. 29.— "Bob" Fltz
simmons,' the actor-pugilist, took a hand
In an arrest here ; to-day. While seated
with his; wife In'; a Broad-street restau
rant he saw a young, man take down a
turkey from a hook ->ut3fde and start to
make off with It. * The pugilist told the
proprietor, who sent ' out after ; the thief,
catching him ' about a half ' block away.
' The fugitive proved to be a fighter and
the restaurant . man shouted for help.
Fltzslmmons.ranto the spot, grabbed the
thief arid shook him into submission. '
As the Hwo captors -were bringing their
man back to the restaurant an accomplice
of the thief.' came; up rrom behind and
made a pass at Fltzslmmons. -Warned Jn
time," however," "Lanky Bob" turned
quickly.' swung his mighty * left and his
assailant polled in the; gutter.
The prisoner was locked up under the
name '; of ; Joseph Lee and this morning
went to the penitentiary/ for four months.
¦ ¦¦'.- ¦>¦*:-.¦. -.- ' '. . : -. -• .X -
NKW ORLEANS, Dec. 29.— A man
who registered yesterday at the
St:, Charles Hotel in this city .as
"Dr. Carle';, was . arrested and
¦ ¦ '¦ • i locked up to-day on information
from , the hotel management that he
strongly resembled D'Essauer.
formerly of • Chlcairo, - who disappeared
from that city several months ago and who
later was arrested In London, charged
with having disposed of several thousand
dollars' .worth" of fictitious bonds to.Chi
cago financiers.. After having, been de
tained for a few days iri.London; D'Es
sauer was'released owing to the fact that
no measures were taken for • his extradi
tion. It, is understood that Information
will be filed by the police chargffig "Dr.
Carle" - with- being a dangerous and sus
picious character. ' # ' ..
The prisoner arrived at the St. Charles
yesterday. In company with, Mr. and- Mrs.
William Mackenzie, reputed ¦ to be a
wealthy English couple. .Carle asked for
the finest suite In the house. Employes
of the house recalled a resemblance be
tween Dr. Carlo and George D'Essauer,
who stopped at the hotel a year ago, when
it was underslocd hie was paying attention
to an opera singer. $ Carle strongly denied
the charges, but city detectives claim to
fully Identify him as D'Essauer. The
Mackenzies said they were en route to
FITZ LANDS
A LEFT HOOK
ON A THIEF
Texas to purchase a ranch and had e
gaged Carle as p. guide and traveling co;
panion. - %:.',-,
Last April D'Essauer suddenly left Chi
cago and his pretty wife at' their home,
52 Astor street. For over a year he had
posed a^ vice-president of the Western
Security Company and had had many and
various dealings with Chicago banks In
trading ' boods. He wanted $27,500 from
cne of the banks, and as security gave
them the forged bonds on the Northwest
ern Gas Light and Coke Company.
.D'Essauer was madly in love with
Helen Bertram of the Bostonians, the
widow of Actor Ed Henley after divorce
from Signor Tomasi, her first husband.
From city to city the bond swindler fol
lowed Miss, Bertram, showering presents
upon her.* . '. '
.. In .1895 . D'Essauer went West, from
where no ore knows, and settled in Au
rora, III. He claimed to be a wholesale
jeweler arid connected : by birth with an
aristocratic French family/ He wooed
and won, Miss. Lizzie Harvey, who came
to him /with $100,000 in. her own name. The
couple .went to Chicago and D'E3sauer
launched forth In. the business world. He
had offices in the Chamber of Commerce
building and later richly appointed rooms
in the Royal Insurance building.
His wooing of the actress,' Miss Helen
Bertram, was intermingled with costly
presents and mutual friends declared the
couple very much In love.
Miss Bertram was still in weeds for her
second husband, E. J. Henley, whom she
lost and mourned violently for a yearj
when, it Is said. D'Essauer's fascinations
and. luminous pocketbook dimmed her
sorrow long enough to permit her to re
ceive constant attentions from that gen
tleman, who showered her with costly
g<fts and finally made over to her $30,000
Special Dispatch to The Call
WICHITA; Kans.. Dec 23. — Gottlieb
Stacker and his entire family, moving
from Stlllwater. Ok. T., to Rojers, Mills
County, were caught In a prairie fire last
night while asleep In their wagon. A 17
months-old baby was roasted to death
and a. boy will die. A youn? lady will loss
both limbs and no hopes are entertained
of savin? the mother's life. In their
burned condition, with horses made sight
less by the flames, they reached a dug
out owned by Dennis Carr. a few miles
south.
The prairie fire was fanned by a wind
traveling sixty miles an hour.
Awful Experience of a
Family of Oklahoma
Emigrants.
worth of bonds. After this transfer,
which took place In California, Miss Ber
tram vowed to forget Henley and devote
herself forever to the dazzling Chlcagoan.
A picturesque story is related In con
nection with Miss Bertram's betrothal to
D'Essauer. When Henley passed awav
Miss Bertram had him cremated and part
of the ashes Inclosed in a heart-shapcl
locket of gold-lined olivewood. which
Miss Bertram Is said to have worn all the
time next her heart. When Miss Bertram
exchanged vows with D'Essauer she went
through a very spectacuiar ceremony with
the heart-shaped casket and Henley's
ashes. Miss Bertram. D'Essauer ami
some members of the Bostor.lans went to
the Cliff House In 3an Francisco, had a
delightful dinner, during which the'cele
brating twain renewed their vows of af
fection, and then Miss Bertram solemnly
took off the charm which held Teddy'.*
ashes and cast It far out Into the sea.
D'Essauer Is said to have furnlshei
Miss Bertram's costumes for "The Vice
roy," robes which astounded judges of
finery, the dresses being real silk velvet
and rare stuffs from Eastern climes, em
broidered with jewels and splendid bul
lion designs, sketched tor the costumes by
celebrated artists.
In the fall of 1SD6 D'Essauer was em
ployed by the New Totk Silver Manufac
turing Company as a traveling salesman.
The company decided during- tha cam
paign to present McKlnley wltu a silver
loving cup. D'Essauer waa assigned to
arrange for the presentation and mAke a
speech. In connection he met Senator
Hanna and other wealthy financiers and
politicians. Soon i afterward he grave up
his position as salesman and Is reported
to have told a friend he"lntended to de
vote his attention' to finance In the future.
as his association with , politicians had
convinced him It offered a good field. It
Is said he had the support of some promi
nent 'politicians In hia first venture, but
his methods were too bold for even them
and : they dropped him, .
' D'Essauer's peculations as brought to
light. up to date aggregate nearly $600,000.
PRAIRIE FIRE
SWEEPS DOWN
ON CAMPERS
GEORGE D'ESSAUER AND THE
WOMEN WHOSE NAMES HAVE
BEEN LINKED WITH HIS.
Special Dispatch to The Call
OMAHA. Dec. 29.— E. A. Cudahy, the
millionaire packer, has received a second
communication from one of the men who
kidnaped his son. This time, as formerly,
the letter comes In the nature of a threat;
and says in substance that unless he with
draws his offer of $5000 reward for the
arrest and conviction of each of the three
bandits they will kidnap - another . of his
children. f
. The letter refers to the failure of the
police to get anything like a tangible
clew as to the identity of the kidnapers/
scoffs .at the- idea of Pat Crowe being
one of them, touches upon the ease with
•p'hieh the "first job was^pulled off" and
winds up by saying that if Mr. Cudahy
is as wise, as he showed himself in X\&
first instance he will comply with tKelr
i equest' and - withdraw the rewards at
once.
This letter is written In pen and Ink
on the same 'kind of yellow paper as the
first and evidently by the same person.
It was found by a servant of the Cudahy
household early en the morning of Thurs
day, " December - 27. Some one called -up
the house* by and asked if. Mr.
Cudahy was In.; The servant answered
that : he, was 4 not. .... . •/
; "Well," came the voice over the phone,
"you go out_Jn the front yard a.nd you'll
find a letter rthere, near Ahe gate. ;,.,Jt*s
addressed to Mr. Cudahy. ¦£ See.: that it's
delivered to him personally and to no one
else." . ,. ; > t , • .^iV.
The servant went out at dnce and found
the letter." It' was ih"~a pialh white"en"~
ve'ope and . was • addressed : "Mr. e! A:
Cudahy Sr., personal and private."
Mr. Cudahy, who was then at his pack
ing-house over in South Omaha, was
summoned home at once.
No one was permitted to see the letter
at first except Mr. and»Mrs. Cudahy* Mr.
Cudahy's impression at the time was that
he would keep Its contents to himself,
ass the bandits 'had requested," but later
he- thought better "of It, as_ he believed
that in the hands of the poiice it would
prove a valuable clew, so this afternoon
h? took Chief Donahue into ¦ his confi
dence. They held a consultation at tho
Chief's j office which lasted nearly three
hours. '. ¦• -
The Chief was seen afterward, but re
fused to disclose the nature of the sub
ject discussed. * Mr. Cudahy says he has
not withdrawn the reward, nor will he do
so. The reward stands as- originally
enunciated.
Eddie McGee, alias Burns, alias Ralston,
the notorious, leader in the Beals kidnap
ing at Kansas City nine years ago, and
who served a term of five years In the
penitentiary for the crime and a term in
the Joliet prison for another offense, is
row wanted by tho. police, as the "dark
complexioned" man in the Cudahy ab
duction case. McGee is well known In
Kansas City,. Denver and Illinois cities,
and is also known to bi a frfend of Pat
Crowe. The fact that. the abductors told
young Cudahy he' was "wanted as Eddio
McGee for stealing ?.">0G from his a|int" is
considered significant. .
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 29.-McGee, alias
Burns, had as an accomplice In the ab
duction in 1S91 of Banker Beals' son a
woman who passed as his wife and went
"under the names both of Lizzie Burns
and * Lizzie Clevidence. She as well as
McGee; served' a ''five years' sentence In
the Missouri penitentiary for the crime.
The .real leader of j the gang was known
as.Ralston. who claimed to be a Denver
detective. Ralston secured the $5000 ran-
Bom offered for the return -of the child
and was never apprehended..
ST. JOSEPH, Dec. 29— For the fourth
time the police and detectives oi this city
have been outwitted by Pat . Crowe and
the men who are alleged to ; be • instru T
mental In keeping him- from the clutches
of the police. . Captain Henry Franz led
a squad of officers in. a raid on a build
ing this evening in "which it was supposed
Crowe and Ralston, , alias McGee, were
In hiding, but 1 the officers found i no trace
of the men. Policemen Dillon and Car
son said to-night that Crowe and Ralston
were in the building.- this afternoon^. but
that they had' left when the officers in
vestigated, ; and * they thought probably
they \ would return to-night.
; LA SALLE;.Ill...Dec. 29.— The police of
Peru, a town adjoining this'jeity, have ar :
rested a mysterious stranger who "is said
to ¦•• be -Pat Crowe, -the , Omaha kidnaping
suspect. The , prisoner, it was discovered,
wore a. wig, apparently for disguise.' He
had $2300 In his possession. The Peru po
lice have notified the Omaha police of the
capture. -" - ,._..'. ;- /
LONDON, Dec. 29.— The London and
Globe Finance Corporation (Lim
ited) has suspended payment.
When the brokers yesterday de
livered stock purchased on ac
count of the London and Globe and asked
for payment they received checks that
were dishonored. This was followed to
day by the failure on the Mock Exchange
cf twelve firms, as fellows: Haggard.
Hale & Pixlcy. <'ar!e & Driver. Douglas
Jr. & Co., Cornfoot Bros.. F. A. Cohen,
Kiock^y & Buckingham. Gunn & Aubrey.
Richards & Sleper. Baker & Smith. F. C.
Watts & Co., Flower & Co. and F. Boully
& Co.
The last named' fs a big firm with im
r>"rtar.t connections. It is feared a num
ber of smaller jobbers will be affected.
While the differences of the firms closely
connected with the London and Globe di- j
vision were largely discounted, the repeat
ed fall of the hammer this morning caused
a great sensstl-m. It is feared the full l'st i
cf failures is not yet known.
Almost the whole interest on the Stock
Exchange centered in the West Austra
lian market, rhe condition of which sym
pathetically affected the othcrc. All the
f hares of the Lor.dcn and Globe group
•oppled, especially Lakeviews and Leroi
No. 2. The shares of the latter were yes
terday quoted at 23, but to-day they are
unsalable at 4. The London and Globe
's also heavily involved in the British Co
lumbian market. The situation is not yet
cleared up. as ihe rumors of
rrcnts to assist the London and Globe are
net credited in well-informed circles.
Thrre Is tl.e greatest indignation against
V.'hitaker Wright, who is the fountain
head of the concern, and others of the
London and Globe group. There hail been
somewhat of a recovery in Lakeviews
Fince last evening.
The chairman of the London and Globe
Flrar.ce Corporation (Liml'ed) Is the Mar
quis of Dufferin and Ava. the former
Ooverr.or Genera! of Canada ard British
Embassador at Paris. The failure of the
concern of which he Is the head adds one
mere sorrow to the closing chapter of his
life, for he is to-day preparing to start for
Fouth Africa, in company with Lady
Pufferin. in consequence of the serious
ondltion of h!s son. Lord Frederick Tem
ple Blackwood. lieutenant in the Ninth
I-aneers. who was wounded Monday at
Glrnfontoin. It is scarcely .•» y Par ago
Fince Lord Dufferin lost his eldest PO n.
tho Earl of Ava. who di««d at T^dysmtth.
H" is now encompassed by family grief,
m which are a3ded these serTous financial
troubles.
!>>rd D.uffcrin's Mlow-di'-potor ? a-e '
hitak-r Wrieht. who is well known in |
connection with many companies; lieu- j
tenant general, the Hon. Somer.-et-Gough J
Calthorpe. who has been cclonrl-in-clilef i
f The Fifth Dragoon Guards since 1&>2, {
and Lord Prlcam-Lincoln. master of the •
Queen's household and a non of the for- j
BMT Duke of Newcastle, r^nrd Dufferin
holds 5-»0 rhares of the London and Globe
and 29.000 British America?.
CLEVELAND ADVOCATES REFORM
IN THE ELECTION OF PRESIDENT
Rossland Mine Not Involved.
SPOKANE, Dec. 29.-The famous Leroi
mine of Rossland,- B. C, is not involved
in the London and Globe FinanceCorpora
tion's smash. Th*e Leroi mentioned In ca
blegrams is believed to be a property lo
cated near the original Leroi. Whitaker
Wright engineered the sale of the original
Leroi to British capitalists, but" is not
known to have an interest in' it now.
can corporation shares, which were
quoted Thursday at 13s 2d, to-day are 10s.
OTHER FAILURES PROBABLE.
Some of the Suspended Firms Will Be
Found Solvent.' |
LONDON, Dec. 30.— The Sunday Spe
cial's financial article explains that the
failure of the first three firms mentioned
In yesterday's dispatches left three blocks
of stocks unprotected, and In self protec
tion ten more firms announced their sus
pension. Other suspensions may occur ton
Monday. SeveVal of the suspended firms
will turn out to be perfectly solvent when
time is given them.
The London and Globe Finance Corpo
ration group was largely the victim of
circumstances. It had at the last moment
exceptionally heavy calls from banks at
a time when such loans were practically
impossible to obtain. li^C-
The thirteenth failure of stockbrokers
was announced before the close of the
exchange. It was that of Bartholomew &
Jacks. The fact that a crisis has been
reached In the speculations of the Whlta
ker Wright group of mines and that the
worst was known occasioned a feeling of
relief after the, strain of anticipation.
While the mining market continued' de
pressed, other departments quickly recov
ered.
The failures to-day involve twenty
eight members of the Stock Exchange
and are equally divided among jobbers
and brokers. It is generally regarded in
the mining market as being the blackest
day since the Baring smash, which was
disastrous to all departments. To-day's
crisis, however, did " not extend to the
other markets, though most of them
closed depressed. Americans were inci
dentally affected, owing to some of the
firms which failed being Interested in
American securities.
The London and Globe is said to be
largely Interested in the Baker Street-
Waterloo Klectrlc Railroad, and the trou
ble is partially attributed to the money it
has tied up in that road. *
Many shares of the West Australian
and other groups were absolutely unsal
able to-day. Since Thursday Lakeviews
have lost 5H points. The British Ameri-
Crash Causes Depression in Mining Stocks but
Other Departments of the Market Quickly Rally
London and Globe Finance Corporation Suspends
and Carries Down Twelve Other Firms
Threatens to Steal Another Child of the
Millionaire if ihe Mandate Is
Gets a Second Letter
Prom Abductors
of His Son.
Writer Demands That He
i Witfidraw His Oiler
oi -Reward.
CUDAHY IS
WARNED BY
KIDNAPERS
THIRTEEN FAILURES ON
LONDON STOCK EXCHANGE
GEORGE D'ESSAUER UNDER
ARREST AT NEW ORLEANS
Crescent -City \Police Believe They Have the No
torious Swindler and Confidence Man in Custody
They Arrest as a Suspicious Character the Guide
I and Traveling Companion of a Wealthy Couple
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1900-THIRTY-T WO PAGES.
VOLUME LXXXIX-XO. 30.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MARQUIS OP DUFFERIN AND AVA, CHAIRMAN OF THE LONDON
AND GLOBE FINANCE CORPORATION. THE MARQUIS LOST ONE
SON IX SOUTH AFRICA AND ANOTHER LIES WOUNDED.
The San Francisco Call
Pages 13 to 22
KiiiiMAJOR GENERAL CHARLES E-. KNOX, WHOSE FORCE IS HARASSING THE COMMANDO , OP GENERAL DE
WET. GENERAL. KNOX HAS A ROVING COMMISSION, AND IS ORDERED TO REMAIN IN THE FIELD
UNTIL. THE REDOUBTABLE BOER CHIEFTAIN SHALL HAVE BEEN CAPTURED. 4 «-
Judge— Now. my boy, you are on oath.
Do you understand what that means?
Witness— Why— «r— I don't Jest— er—
reckon .
Judee— Do you know what you're ex
pected to tell?
Witness— Oh, yes; the lawyer that hired
soe wrote it all down 60 that I could learn
It by heart.— Philadelphia Press.
"The first thing that struck me when I
arrived in Congress,'-', said Representative
Husker, '• " was the useless : extravagance
displayed." t ,
"To what 'point do you refer?"'
_"Thls: practice of ; sending bouquets t to
Senators: and. Representatives. It'ought
to be stopped."^ Here " I've got • to . pass up
a lot of money; to a i florist for roses and
carnations or, else ] hang, around \ and r look
as if nobodv--. loved -. me. •.'—Washington
1 fats.!*. ¦ "': ¦_¦¦¦•¦'
Tho Sexton's Wit.
. "An Irishman of the full blood cannot
repi«t an opportunity for repartee, no
matter how solemn, the occasion or what
his FUTTOunding-s." said an English cleriry
man, a visitor in Washington, the other
day. when the conversation turned on the
funny experiences of clergymen connected
with the church.
"I was'-as'sistine an old friend of mine,
the rector of a church in Ireland, one Sun
day, and before the service we were in
the vestry room putting on our robes,
with the old sexton, a shriveled up Irish
man of the perfect type, assisting-., Mr
friend, who was somewhat old, was a lit
tle testy that morning and somehow the
el<H?ve of his surplice pot mixed up. Not
withstanding the assiduous efforts of the
old Bexton to direct his arm to the right
hole the two would not connect. Finally
losing patience, my friend said, sharply:
•Ach. the diYil's in the thins.'
"The old sexton brightened up, and,
looking over at me with a twinkle in his
eye, said, a« quick as llchtnlngr, 'Not ylt,
your riverince."
"It restored the good humor of the sit
uation, and the vestment was properly ad-
Justed."— Washington Post.
Impact of the water and transmit It to
machinery. Hundreds, yes. . probably
thousands of different types have been
constructed, but nothing has proven ef
fective. There was always a hitch some
where. • v ¦
"A variation of the scheme, which has
also been- tried repeatedly without suc
cess. 4s. based on the idea cf a rocking
platform. It rests on the surface of the
••aier, and derives its motion from the
constant agitation . of . tho . tides. Young
Edison, son of th« great Inventor, •" was
one of the last to experiment with that
plan.. His- platform jwas «urrounded by a
stout framework; built on plies, and as it
rose and fell it actuated a series of piston
rods connected . with a machine . for com
pressing air,. in. which form he expected
to deliver the power. If he had taken the
trouble, to read up on the subject in- ad
vance, h* could have ascertained that an
almost identical contrivance ' was put ' up
by a Savannah Inventor before ' the war
and failed miserably, after swallowing a
Bmall fortune. The Savannah man pro
posed to use his power to oi.erata a saw
mill, but he miscalculated: the fcrce of
the waves, and, after jolting his machia
ery into wreck and ruin, a storm came
along and swept the whole ithlnj; off. the
fac* of the waters. :Thls was sometime
m the ,'50's. I haven't, learned the exact
fate of the Edison apparatus, . and the *>!-'
lence in regard to it is ominous. Another
recent : device' was installed, fcevoral
months ago onthe coast near San, Diego,
Cal.. It was built on. the plan of a strik
ing machine i at a - country i fair, •' and the
waves were expected to deliver the blows
which were I then passed over gearing to
a dynamo." The waves were on hand, and,
at the first ¦ lick, ' they ' knocked the entire
plant into everlasting smithereens. ¦ I am
hopeful * that ; the right man will turn up
eventually, but at present, thepreblem is
nonearer a solution than it' was 600 years
ago."— New Orleans .Times-Democrat. ...
North Dakota Town Burned.
HUNTER. N. D..' Dec. 23.— Fire to-day
destroyed the business portion of the
town, at an estimated loss of 175.000.
of aevere Injuries he had received in a fight
at West Point and also from th« efftcts of
hiving swallowed some liquid substance.
This letter waa dated November 2*. 1900. I
Immediately investigated th« case and re
plied to the letter November 28. saying Oscar
I* Booz had resigned on account of weak eyes,
and that he had received no serious injuries
in the fight mentioned. I wtsh «> call the
attention' of th« court to the fact that ths
resiirnation of former Cadet Booze waa dated
September 29. 1RS8. In It h# says he resigned
on acrount of weak eyes, and th«» resignation
¦was accompanied by the written consent of
his father.
At no time since Booa Wt this academy
until the present time have the West Point
authorities or the VTar Department receive!
any complaint or reference tr> the. ca«<» from
Eoor/s rar»>nt3. I would al«o wish to mak4
mention of the necessity of establishing- the
eRuse of the death of Otdet Bonn.
Here the witness was interrupted by th«
president of the 'court. General Brooke,
who said that the court would take car©
of that matter.
Q.— Have you any measures to iiicjcst which.
In ynur opinion, wonli stamr> out haziny at this
arademy? A.— No, str. I think that the rr»s
ent conditions ar» all that can h» desired, and
th» continuation of th»s* m»aTOr»s will ac
complish everything that we can expect to
accomplish. I believe that It wouM he most
»n*'w tr>r Orffrettji to net wh-ther by the re
nnlre.ment of an r.arh or by any other provlmon
thnn that of maklncr the nupertntendent-s
pow-r absolute in a «-aj«*. of haslnr, so that
he may act summarily at all times.
The court adjourned at 4:30 to reconvene
at Governors island at 10 o'clock Monday
morning.
his efforts to- abolish hazing at the acad
emy containing such suggestive words as
"brutal treatment of cadets" and "secre*
outrages," referring to the encampment
of 1S39. Colonel Mills cited cases where
cadets had been dismissed from the West
Point Academy for hazing lower class
men. He said they invariably had- gone
to Washington, where they brought a
great deal of influence to bear on the au
thorities to bring about their reinstate
ment,'and in every Instance, Colonel Mill.*
said, he was ably supported by the War
Department and the dismissal wan rati
fied by the officials there. In reply to
General Bates witness said:
1 don't think that hazing can b« effectually
stamped put n.« Ions as human nature remain*
u It is. Even in c«l!er*« and srhools ar.il
busine** centers it I» carried on. For instance,
the initiation of a member of a stock exchansr*
Ik marked hy rough u.«ajte-nf ths newcomer.
But I think by the viftllance of the authorities
at this academy and the eo-operatlon of the
cadets themselves it can be kept within i»u<-h
bounds that no Injury would result. I have
been unremitting In my endeavors In trylnp to
•eciire. the assistance of the. cadets to. this end.
and 1 feel that my effort* have be»n success
ful to a laree extent.
As to the abolttlon of fighting among
cadets Colonel Mills said that where there
were so many young men living together
under tb> same roof it was natural that
fights should occur; He suggested treat
ing the first case with severe punishment
and If that did not act as a deterrent
extreme measures should be adopted so
as to make it clear to the entire corp*
that such violations would not be con
doned or tolerated. Referring to th» cas»
of Mr. Booz he said:
The first Intimation that T had of the cuse
was in.* letter I received from f.h«« editor ni
the Intelligencer of tV»ylestnwn. Pa., In which
he !»ald that Booz ww dylnir from the effect*
A BRIGHT CREDIT MAN.
Why He Countermanded an Order for
a Big Sill of Goods. i
"A credit man has many strange • ex
periences," said a gentleman who former
ly occupied that position with a large Job
bing house. "Chance will play into his
hands in all sorts of curious ways, and
often' he will feel as If providence had di
rectly Interposed to save him from some
»•• windier. 1 remember a remarkable incl^,
?lent that occurred the first year I was in"
business. We had, a' customer In a good
t Ized interior town who had been trading
with us for a long time and enjoved the
entin* confidence of the house. O*ne day
in May he paid us a visit Rnd placed a
very large order, goine. in fact, to the ex
treme limit of his credit. He explained
its unusual Fize by Paying that, he was
about to enlarge his establishment, that
he had allowed his stock to run down pre
paratory to making a big pplurge to wipe
out a rival establishment, and. In short,
told *uch a plausible story that I at once
approved the account. That afternoon a
y \.ng man foom a furnishing *tor*
rnpped In and asked whether Captain
- — . mentioning th» merchant's name, had
left th«» riry. 'I am sorry,' he remarked.
vh»n he learned that he h*<l gone; 'the j
captain placed an order with us for a
couple of puits of extra heavy underwear
pnd was anxious to have them delivered
next week. I wanted to tell him that
¦we'd have to send North for the- goods.'
he ndd-d, 'and they may be delayed. That
incident g*>t me to thinking. There might
h* a thousand perfectly natural and in
norert explanation!" of the order, yet it
r~rt«inly carried th» inference that our
friend w«s rontemplatinR- an early trip to
f ron]er c11m3te, and— well, I had a strong
rremnnitlon, nr whatever you choose to
rail It. that something wrong lurked in.
tli' bark^round. The more I thought
HV»ont It th<» mor* uneasy T became. It
nbsurd to turn down an old frientl
and lose a handsome sale simply because
lie had ordered some heavy underwear.
and T knew I was risking severe censure.
if not my Fltuntion 1t!<elf; but before
niirht T countermanded his purchase and
notified him by wire that we had decided
to trim our credit lines for the summer
snd were sorry, that we could not oblige
Mm. H» *ent bark a furious letter and
j-'laoed hfs order with an opposition firm,
who Rcccpted him gladly. My bosses
looked pretty black when they heard the
Ftory. but they changed their expressions
r-Hrly in June, when the worthy captain
suddenly disappeared. after turning:
r-verything he had into cash." Just as 1
had anticipated, he headed for a cooler
rllmate. When^last heard from he was
rusticating In Manitoba."— New Orleans
Times-Democrat. -
LONDON, Dec 30.— Last night's ca
ble dispatches from South Africa
add little or nothing to the infor
mation concerning the situation,
though the general trend of events
seems to show that the British are re
gaining the ground recently, lost. A spe
cial from Naauwpoort, dated December
28, reports that Colonel de Lisle defeated
Hertzog, eighteen miles west of De Aar,
capturing a number of wagons ahd releas
ing the prisoners captured at Philipstown.
Lieutenant Colonel Grenfell forced back
Kritzlnger toward Venterstad. Both com
mandos are in a desperate plight and
probably will never recross the Orange
River.
A Standerton dispatch, dated. December
28, says it is estimated that 2000 Boers
were engaged in the operations in North
Natal, hoping to break the British line
of communication. This plan failed and
the Boers were driven oft in each case
with more or less loss, their casualties in
the last day or two numbering fifty, while
, the British casualties were slight.
According: to a Johannesburg dispatch
of Friday's date General French occupied
Wentersdorp that day without opposition.
This place, being a great telegraphic-cen
ter, has been much used by the Boers for
the dissemination of information. The
possession of Ventersdorp. Richtenburg
and Zeerust gives the British a strong
hold upon this part of the country.
From Carnarvon under yesterday's date
comes a dispatch paying the Boers occu
pied Vosberg on December 27 in force and
were reported to be moving on Carnarvon,
where martial law has been proclaimed.
The loyal field cornets and farmers have
assured the authorities that they will re
main loyal and will suppress disloyal talk.
It Is credibly reported, according to a
dispatch from Newcastle, December 29,
that Louis Botha has informed Command
ant Sprulght that Kruger has sent" word
that-, the burghers must lay down their
arms or continue fighting on their own ac
count, as no eupport from Europe can be
expected.
General Kitchener, telegraphing from
Pretoria under date of Friday, December
28. sends a summary -of the number of at-
SUNLIGHT AND THE gKA
Two Great Force* "Which Have Not
Been Mastered by Man.
"The two greatest forces In nature are
the sunlight and the sea," remarked a
college professor appropoe of nothing in
particular the other day; "yet, strange to
say, we have made little or -no progress
toward harnessing either : of ' them, for in
dustrial uses. Of course, the . effort has
been made, over and over again, and ,1
dare say scores of able men are wrestling
with the problem at this very moment,
but everything .thus- far suggested has
prcven a/ failure: The idea of utilizing
solar energy has generally taken the form
of an engine in which the sun does duty
as a firebox. A friend of mine at Wash
ington tells me that over a hundred pat
ents have been taken, out on appliances
of that sort. They are all more . or less
alike tho essential feature being a mirror
or combination of mirrors which focus the
sun's rays on a boiler of water. Some
email models have been made that worked
perfectly, but nothing on a practical scale
has ever been devised. ,
"It goes without saying that a solar en
gine can only make steam .while the sun
shines, and consequently could not be de
pended - upon for - steady work, but the
recent . perfecting ¦ of the - storage battery
helps to remove that difficulty. When
the engine is working it could.be used to
operate a dynamo and the current bottled
up for future* use. *Of course, there would
be a good deal of power lost in the trans
mission from one form into another,' but
as long as the fuel costs nothing, at all;
that would be of no, special consequence.
When the real solar engine is finally in
vented, as it must be sooner or later, tho
world will take Borne immense industrial
strides.. It would enormously cheapen all
manufactured products/ The same i thing
may be' said' of any practical method of
harnessing the waves. That problem has
been wrestled with for; centuries, -yet on
the surface it seems comparatively' sim
ple. The device . that . suggests itself > ; at
once is some sort of buffer to receive the
firmed by the Volksraads of the two
States. In the absence of President Kru
ger, they are practically the highest au
thority to-day on gBoer affairs. They
are at The Hague and I make my reports
and send the funds to them. They see
that the funds are transmitted to minis
ters of the 1 gospel in the Transvaal.' It
does not pass through the hands of ecn
crals of the army. -
"There is greater need of money for
the relief of widows and orphans now
than ever before, and there is a large
increase of sympathy and offers of aid
In this country. ; I should say that since
the British troops had begun to drive
women and children from, their homes,
burn farm dwellings, destroy crops and!
food supplies, American contributions
have increased 75 per cent."
Mr. Pierce said he did not think it ad
visable to make public the list of donors
or amounts collected and forwarded. He
exhibited letters recently received from
The Hague urging tho increased need. of
help for widows and orphans left to starve
through enforcement of Lord J^iberts*
order. ; . i ¦ , • ¦¦ ' . » .-.. ¦¦.
KIMBEBLEY ALMOST ISOLATED.
Garrison Town.
Provisions at Famine Prices in the
CRADDOCK. Cape Colony, Dec. 2S —
Kimberley is almost isolated by Boer
raiders. , No mails have reached there
from December 19 to December 25. Pro
visions are at famine prices. The mili
tary took charge of all the, foodstuffs on
December' 22. i The Lelnsrer Regiment,"
commanded by Major Barry, had a nklr
mish lasting four hours with the Boers
at Dreifonteln on December 27, suffeiing
slight losses. The Boers at Getuuk cap
tured a convoy o* twenty-tive wagons on
Christmas eve.
BLOEMFONTEIN, Dec. 28— The British
have reoccupled Ficksburg,, which has for
some time been in the hands of the
Boers. > - - .
"Bobs" ' Sails From Gibralta'r.
, GIBRALTAR, Dec. 29.— The steamship
Canada, with General Lord Roberts on
board/which arrived here from South
Africa yesterday, sailed for home this,
afternoon. . ¦ • .
SHIP MAGNETIZED.
Compasses Useless.
A Thunderbolt Renders Steamship's
Captain W. H. Luckham of the British
tank steamship Tanceryille » from London
is now in Philadelphia for the first time
since the. loss of the tank steamship. SjL.
Helens, which he commanded when she
foundered a year ago on Bombay reef.
Captain ; Luekham tells ¦ an extraordinary
story to accont for. the disaster to the St
Helens..:
In July, 1899. the St. Helens met a ty
phoon In; the China seas- and was struck
bylightnlng. Llttle'damage was don<?
and • the vessel proceeded on her voyage.
But.lt was. found very difficult to main
tain a_ straight course by any compass on
the ship, and after having missed port
several times by 100 miles or more Captain
Lucknam decided that the compasses had
been influenced by; the lightning, and pro
vided ; new ones. .... ".
-There was no improvement in the situ
ation. The man; in charge^ of the wheel
was kept-busy dodging reefs, which would
nobiup.in defiance of charts indicating
clear .water, and t he '¦ officers ; were ; almo • t
distracted. Finally the ?hlp; crashed on
Bombay reef. : '>4S8PN^Pml 9 Vai ••¦ -
A t lengthy investigation ¦ is said ' to have
shown .that the' lightning.. stroke" magne
tized the St.' Helens on the port side only
and to; an extent that deviated the com
passes at i least i five degrees to that side
of - the ship.— Philadelphia - North Ameri- !
can. . ~*7 j . ¦• -¦
tacks made by the Boers at various points.
The only Important incident was an at
tack upon a baggage column near Grey
llngstad. A company with a pompom
made a sortie from . Greylingstad and
drove off the Boers. Captains Radclffe
and Harvest were wounded, eight men
were killed, twenty-seven were wounded
and twenty were reported missing.
In view of the prolongation of the war,
the London Daily Telegraph has again
dispatched Bennett Burleigh, its famous
war correspondent, to South Africa.
BELIEF FUNDS GO ASTRAY.
Beach the Boers.
Money Collected in America Tails to
NEW YORK, Dec 29.— Discord has de
veloped between the refugees of the Boer
army who, have reached this city and the
local Boer relief committee for the aid of
widows^and orphans reported to be suf
fering great hardships in South Africa.
General Sanyiel Pearson, who arrived
recently, Bald to-day that money collected
in this country for Boers and their fami
lies had not reached South Africa.
"As commissary general of the ¦ Boer
army, I- had charge of the disbursements
of money received," he said. "All bills
received my signature before being paid,
and none of the money collected here was
sent to ua. The Boers do not want money,
either for their women and children or for
themselves. This Ib not the time in the
progress of a war that we should be going
about asking money for our women. They
axe under military discomforts, but. they
do not mind them. It would be Interest
ing to me to eee published an accurate
list of fifts from Americans to our wo
men and the disposition of the money."
Charles D. Pierce, treasurer of the Boer
Relief Fund, has an office, at 136 Liberty
authority to collect funds. They are signed
he saw v General Pearson's statement.
"I do not wish to engage in a* contro
versy." he said, "but certain persons are
trying to cause trouble. I have creden
tials ehowlng my appointment and full
authority to collect funds. They are signed
by the Boer envoys, .Abraham Fischer,
Cornelius H. Wessels and A. D. W. Wol
marans. They were appointed by Presi
dent Kruger and President Steyn and con-
ENDS HER NEW
YORK SEASON
Bernhardt Breaks Records
in the Way of Financial
. Results.
After Two Weeks at Philadelphia
She Will Start on Her Tour
to the Pacific
Coast '
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK. Dec. 23.— "With to-night's
performance of "Hamlet" at the Garden
Theater Mme. Bernhardt and M. CoQuelln
J>rouftht to an end a five weeks' engage
ment that has broken all previous New
York records in the way of financial re
sults.. ;.->..; ;.
The closing nigbt of the engagement
was memorable in the quality of the au
dirnre and its enthusiasm.- Flowers and
* wreath decorated with French colors
were sent over the footlights and at the
Hope of the performance curtain calls
were doubled in number, followed by de
mac^F upon Coquclln for eome words of
iidleu. '' ; -v ? .^' .
To the curious it may >e eaid that the
••npafrpmont broke not only all records
«l the <Jarden Theater, but at any theater
in New York, "and elsewhere at any the
r.ter in the country." paid Mr. Grau, "and.
Jama manager "of many years' experi
ence and know what I am talking about.
Kipht performances at the Garden The
ater In a week at tho prices charged with
every seat sold would bring in $32,000.
The receipts In a week of 'L'Aiglon'
reached $32,D00, or the full seating capac
ity of the house and $500 for standees.
"Hamlet." played in Christmas week, a
notoriously bad time for theaters, was
les-s successful than the other plays pre
s-ented. but the. rest of the repertoire
<!rcTv audiences only second In- number 4 .o
those that witnessed '1/Aigion.' "
Mr. Grau and his stars are eo delighted
with New York's reception that it has
Keen decided to return for one week in
the spring. On Monday they begin a two
weeks' engagement at Philadelphia and
the company will then make a tour west,
including San Francisco.
Sights a Disabled Steamer.
The Bristol City Lane steamer Brooklyn
City. Captain King, which arrived this
morning from Bristol end Swansea, re
ports that on Sunday, December 16, in
latitude 50.S3, longitude 26.30, a distressed
Fteamer was fiiKhted with another eteamer
Ftandiug by. The distressed steamer was
in ballast, had a yellow funnel with black
top; the other was ioaded. had a buff fun
nel with two white hands apd black top.
The latter had evidently been towing the
firmer, as they were hauling in the haw
eer at the time. Captain King PHld that
he could eee that the distressed vessel
had lost her propeller and tall shaft. Sig
nals were set on the Brooklyn City ask
ing the names of the vessels, but receiv
ing no reply ehe proceeded on her course.
A strong eoutbwest gale and thick misty
rain with heavy sea prevailed at the time.
Charged With Homicide.
Miles B. McDonnell, charged with hav
ing Fhot four men during a fight In a
Harlem Faloon earl> Friday,, was ar
raigned In the police court to-day. The
'echnioa! charge was felonious (Jhootinjr,
hut later a charge cf homiMde was made,
'George Prire. one ef the mm shot, hav
ing died yesterday, ft Is alleged that Mc-
Donnell fired the phot. Edward Courtney.
«Uaf> "Blats," another alloped victim of
McDonnelle revolver, now in the Harlem
Hospital ¦with a severe wound in the right
hip. is rffc^rted to be Improving. McDon
nell was remanded io the custody of the
Besignation of Mclntyre.
Assistant District Attorney Mclntyre
resigned to-day and Charles E. I>e Bar
bier h«« been appointed as First Assist-,
ant District Attorney In his stead. Mr.
I>e Barbier has bom an assistant attorney
for pnme time past.
Californians in New York.
Pan Francisco— F. N. Brus and wife are
;<t the Murray Hill. B. Cohen Is at the
Hoffman. C. N. Felton is at the Holland,
H. C Palen is at the Broadway Central,
Mrs. Barren if= at the Holland.
Colonel de Lisle Defeats Hertzog Near DeAar and
Releases Prisoners Taken at Philipstown.
BRITISH SLOWLY REGAINING
GROUND IN CAPE COLONY
Military Court Goes to Gover
nors Island to Prepare
.:. Its Report.
Superintendent Mills and Command
ant of Cadets Hein Testify on
- the Closing Day of the .
Hearing.
-..;-:* ¦ ' -*- • ! '
WEST POINT,' N.-Y., D^c! 29.— The in
vestigation of the charges: of brutal haz
ing arising out of the death of Former
Cadet Oscar 'L. Booz," which a court of
inquiry appointed by. the . Secretary of
War has been conducting' for the past two
weeks, was concluded at the "Weet-Ppint
Military Academy* this afternoon." •" The
military court or inquiry, composed of
Generals Brooke, Bates and Clous, to
gether with Captain Dean, the recorder
ot the court, left for Governors Island to
night and on Monday morning at ¦ 10
o'clock It will examine the mass of evi
dence which it has listened to during the
several sessions of the court, and unless
something 1 unforeseen occurs will .make a
report to the .War. Department at Wash
ington very soon: afterward. While the
court of Inquiry has been an" open- one
since it began. taking testimony, Mondays
session will be exclusive and of no public
.interest.- - ¦ •.-¦ — ¦ . ' -
Superintendent Mills' and : Commandant
of Cadets Heln were. the chief witnesses
examined to-day. ' They, produced a lot of
extracts from records of the academy as
to the efforts made by the authorities to
abolish hazing of \ every variety in the in-.
stltutlon. 1 i •$-...
. Lieutenant Colonel Otto. L. Hein..com
mandant at , the . United States Military
Academy, was the first witness called to
day. Colonel Hein produced the superin
tendent's sick reports, which showed that
Cadet Booz had reported sick only once
while, he waa at the academy. He was
excused on that occasion from drill, as he
was suffering- from an acute attack of
diarrhea. The records made if clear that
Booz had never been absent from a meal
, while' he was a cadet at West Point.
An extract from the records was read
by the witness, who said Cadet Boos had
availed himself of the Saturday evening
privileges of going anywhere within the
reservation : on Saturday, August 6, the I
day of, the Booz-Keller fight. Booz re
ported his Koine: away at 1:58- p. m. and
his returning at 3:15 .p. m. In reply to
General Clous, the witness said that In
the summer of 1899. through an anonv
rnous letter, the brutal hazing of Cadets
MacArthur and Haskell came to the
Knowledge of the academy officials. An
Investigation was immediately ordered
but no Information as to the facts could
be eleclted from any of those examined,
arnong^whom were MacArthur and. Has
kell -, J ' The regulations prohibiting bazin?
provided punishment for hazers and hazed
alike. In telling of the agreement made
by the fourth-class men in 1899, among
whom were Cadets MacArthur and Grant
not to submit to hazing, Colonel i Helri
said:
I called the class together fit wan a very
lance one) and explained to them 'the rules and
regulation* prohibiting hazlne. . I told them if
they would asree not to submit to hazing ami
promise not to ha?e nny one themselves they
would rid the academy of a foul blot on Its
reputation. • Soon afterward they appealed to
me to be released fmm thin agreement, but I
refused. I also heard that candidates prepar
ing at HiKhland Falls were beins hazed and I
made an investigation, the outcome of which
waa the severe punishing of the guilty radets..
The remainder of the commandant's tes
timony was mainly an explanation of the
actions of the authorities and the meas
ures taken by them to suppress hazing at
the academy. The punishments were In
creased, and the number of cadets found
fcVJ. Uy of vtolatlon s of the regulations In
1S90 was preatlY In excess of that of the
previous year. Speaking generally of haz
ing Colonel Heln said:
( 'HazinK is traditional, and I am sorry to say
is thought by persons Inside aa well as out
side of the academy to be commendable, and a*
long as- students hear It spoken of in this way
it will be impossible for the authorities to
stamp it out. -...¦*
Q.— What methods do you think could be used
to starai> out calling out of fourth class men
and subsequent flstic encounters? A.— Why I
consider that a form of haiinp, and as long as
the. cadets do not live up to the agreement not
to' submit to hazing. and the upper class do
not cease Interfering with them, it will be lm
poesible.to suppress It. «
Former Cadet Smith of Carbondale* HI
testified that one night seven of the wit
ness" class, including Booz, were called to
ex-Cadet Harlee's tent to be exercised.
Witness did not remember any one hav
ing fainted. He himself was very much
fatigued, but not to the point of exhaus
tion.
Q.— Did Cadet Boob ever complain to you ?
A.-t-No, sir: he never complained of his treat
ment. ¦;'.•¦ -y.
Cadet Truman W. Carrithers of Illinois
the next witness, said he -was called, out
for disobeying upper class men and "gen
eral freshness.". His opponent was Mr.
Shannon of the present necond class.
Q.— What was the result? At— I had an abra
sion «-n the forehead, my J«w -was broken and
I went to the hospital for two weeks.
Colonel Mills, superintendent of the
Military Academy, was then sworn.
Speaking of "bracing" he said:
I do not consider "bracing" as hazing, but
It amounts to it when carried to excess and
causes physical pain. ¦
. For the protection of the fourth class
men the witness said he had inereas—J
the responsibilities of the first class cadets
in order to obtain this end. He felt that
these men, on the, verge of graduation,
would use their utmost endeavors to
abolish hnzing methods.
The superintendent told of his havin?
obtained the oath of a society known as
the "hod carriers." which existed among
candidates .for admission to this academy,
¦who were at a preparatory school at
Highland Kails, About two miles- from
West Point. It was a society composed
of and formed for hazing candidates. Wit
ness said It was of such a vile nature tha*
he knew he had a. good weapon in h!s
hands. He submitted It to the cadet
body with the result that when they saw
what haztng entailed the graduating class
of lfOO. declared that they would- abolish
hazing.
Colonel Mills read some letters which
he had written to tHe War Department in
BOOZ INQUIRY
IS AT AN END
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,- DECEMBER 30, 1900.
14
"Calif orniaJWlld Flowers" -and "Poppy"
Calendars M^cents each. ; These- are th©
best calendars for.' Eastern' friends/ ' San-
born, Vail & ; Co., .741 Market : St. • •
too plainly that my case was a desperate
one.
"I lost almost all faith In th* so-called
catarrh cures, when I read of Peruna and
concluded to try this as a last resort.
Thanks to Dr. Hartman's Invention I now
enjoy as good health a* I ever did. sleep
soundly, have excellent appetite, and
have gained in weight more than I wr»r
did in my life."— Chas. D. Smyth.
Catarrhal affections may be acute or
chronic, mild or severe, ephemeral or
stubborn, lasting or fleeting, painful or
trivial, but they all have one origin, on*
nature — catarrh. They all have on© car*—
Peruna.
A HOST OF WTTNTESSES.
Feruna a Catarrh Core That Bests on
p r the Unsolicited Testimony of
Thousands.
A book containing specimens la selected
at random from a cloud of witnesses who
have been cured of c'uxonic catarrh by Pe-
runa sent free by The Peruna Medlcina
Co., Columbus, O.
This Is an age when theoris* hav* UttJ»
or no weight on the average mind, bat ao-
tual demonstration Is demanded. Th»
busy people of to-day have neither time
nor inclination to speculate, and turn with
distrust from everything that does not
plainly bear the stamp of fact.
The reason Peruna has gained such uni-
versal hold of tha confidence of the p«onl«
aa a catarrh cure is because all state-
ments, concerning it are accompanied by
facts.
DR. LLEWELLYN JORDAN, Medical
Examiner of the U. S. Treasury De-
partment, Washington. T>. C, grad-
uate of Columbia College, and who served
three years at West Point, haa-the fol-
lowing to say of Peruna:
The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus. O. :
Gentlemen— Allow me to ex-
press my gratitude to you for the
benefit derived from your wonder-
ful remedy. . One short month
has brought forth a vast change
and I now consider myself a well
man after fifteen months of suffer-
ing. Fellow sufferers, Feruna will
cure you.— Llewellyn Jordan.
Chas. D. Smyth. Angel's Camp, Cala,,
says: "Chronic catarrh In the head, nose
and throat has been a source of trouble
and great annoyance to me for. more than
ten years. ! \*i,
"I have used all such medicines as came
under my notice as a catarrh cure without
any help. to me except at times by some,
only a temporary relief, but no cure. My
physician, to whom I applied, did not do
any better.
"My troubles became worse and my suf-
ferings increased Instead of Improving.
Loss of appetite. 3leep and flesh, besi^ej
continual . coughing and pain, showed
? -*.
DR. LLEWELLYN JORDAN 13 THE MEDICAL EXAMINER OF THE
U. 8. TREASURY DEPARTMENT. WASHINGTON, D. C. DR. JOR-
DAN IS A GRADUATE OF COLUMBIA COLLEGE AND SERVED
THREE YEARS AT WEST POINT.
4 — : — ¦ — ¦ o
CURED BY PERUNA AFTER FIFTEEN
MONTHS' SUFFERING.
Medical Examiner United States
Treasury Department,
DR. LLEWELLYN JORDAN,
TOWEAK ME N !
Do Ton Want to Be Strong?
To feel as Vigorous' as you were before you wasted your. -ffl <gN « <- •»~T^v
strength? To enjoy life again? To get up in the mornlnsr re- . T^Sf / ' V*$$r{ ~~ >
freshed by sleep and not more tlrrd than when you went to f .•»>ss?iii?i£ei**| Lj.. ric&L-.^, i
bed? To have no weakness In tho back or "come and prV* l_\ >^V2§§S | »» 3 '^ fS&a* ~*i
pains? -No Indigestion or Constipation? . To know. that your a «^_ . i 1 *- "S* ,*4&7
Strength is -not slipping away? .-To once more have, bright v5w_ \ y. / /
eyes, : healthy color in your cheeks and be confident that what \ |j»" I -«&gSy
other men ran do is not Impossible to you? in short, do you f y *--*J^ \s '
want to be a man among: men? <^^^ f; . v >y i rSjSSjC^
DR. % MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRX BELT. A^
§ There Is nothing so penetrating, nothing no Invigoratlnc. OiMiiS? N \^ \ l> / ' JjWtr'
nothing that will reltevo weakness find pain as speedily and O$i*&3 iv V. /» • / '/C^Wlr**'
surely as Dr. McLaughluV* Electric Belt. It is simple, but 'v§Sf^>t'W /I ? / f, '.¦'M^r^-^!
grand. •• It', assists i nature by- a -general reinforcement of the ¦^$raflS^Ov <A*J j/^^Tz^^
vital energy by infusing a mild, invigorating current of Elec- j S^»^^^^lS£%^^ e 5Kl!K"^-'' r "
triclty into the nerves and by supplying tho system with the V'l r^T^v^f^^Sff u <v *
very essence of nerve vigor and nerve strenzth. V»?f tlK^l'?-" S^U^L'J^ '
The greatest men in the world of mcclirine and polencf' \2i v '¦¦^J^^tS^i^i^^'^^'
say "ELECTRICITY ; IS » LIFE." It In the- strength, the- -=»~^=»-isu^-^*«=»
vigor and, in fact.* the very life in the body, and Dr. Mclaughlin's success in making use of its llfe-glvtna; power prove*
its merit. With his Electric Belt he has cured 10,000 weak men during the last live years— men who had been troubled with
general debility, wasting weakness— men who had been nble to get no benefit from drugs. Many of these cases were pro-
nounced incurable by doctors who had failed to cure them. But they have been cured, and they stand ready to tes-
; tifyto it.*
DONT BE A WEAK MAN. YOU WERE INTENDED TO BE STRONG, AND YOU CAN BE.
;,""= You can bea stronger man than v you are. You should be. stronger. You should have more confidence in yourself
Steel your nerves with this electric current. Feel its warming glow as Dr. McLaug-hlhVs Electric Belt saturates Tour
body with it. It has made hundreds of vigorous men out of as many weak, despondent fellows. It will enre you it you
... If you ;have Rheumatism, Lame Back, Sciatica, Lumbago or weakness In the nerves or vital organs vou ou*ht tn
consult Dr.McLaughlin.- He will tell you whether his Belt will cure you and give you his advice free Call* and t#Vi ' \h«
powerful current .this wonderful Belt Rives and see how easily it is regulated. Don't be ignorant of a remedv whlrh
may correct all your past mistakes-and assure your future happiness. If you cannot call! send for Dr. Mcr^as^lln^
Book, which Js devoted to the-weakness of .men: tells the cause of early decay in young and middle-aged men it show*
how Electricity, properly applied, will restore this power, and gives the proof. Send for It to-day. It Is fre* A call
preferred," Call or address:/., > : , ¦ i ** *-*"
DRi 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny,
' 5an Francisco, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.STOCKHOLM. Dec^ 29.— The Norwegian
financial situation , shows ] great Improve
ment.. -At, the • -year's \ end:, the Swedish
banks have sufficient : funds for, all pur
poses. - The interest is high, but business
is : good. Much Christmas : money, has ar
rived from the States. .
Norway's Finances.
' STOCKHOLM, Dec. ¦ 29. — The commission for
the promotion . of • Sweden's • roreign commerce
proposes the -establishment of regular steam
ship lines to : the United -. States and South
America, ;. particularly j the -United , States.
Sweden at < present receives . American - goods
chiefly through -London, Hamburg and * Ant
werp. ¦/¦..'¦ .' ¦'
< JEFFERSON VILLC'Ind., Dec J9.-A11 night
trains on the Baltimore and. Ohio and the Big
Four ran, over the body of a man, near Otlsco.
twenty, miles feast of the - city. - grinding th»
flesh : into ; small : bits. X A-, memorandum book
was I found- bearing the name and address of
William ¦; Gllmore- of Otumwa, la. The man
was murdered and ¦ placed on the track,, pre
sumably , by ; bis companions. - :
CINCINNATI. i Dec. ¦' 29.— WlllIamvThniin, a
creditor of ¦ Henry .Haacke. the veteran pro
prietor or the Volks Freund, to-day, filed a pe
tition asking f or , a receiver, to take possession
of the property ; of William Haacke., including
the Volks • Freund newspaper. •, The court baa
not acted upon the j application. •
ALBANY, N. T.. Dee. 29.— Henry V7. How-
Kate aged 70, . who in 1SS0 served the' Govern
irent as disbursing officer of the Signal Ser
vice at Washington, was released from the
penitentiary last .evening.; after havinjr served
six years . for: falsification of accounts.
NEWS BREVITIES.
OAKLAND. Dec. 29.— Henry Ernst.
Charles , Kelly and George ; McKay, . be
tween 13 and 15 years of age, were found
by Constables in a box car last night at
Emery vHle and were sent to the County
Jail. The youths confessed they .were
runaways from San Francisco. -¦• Ernst
was detained, until his parents could claim
him, the two older boys-being sent home*
Officers Find Kunaway Boys.
ST. PAUL. Dec. 29.— A few days ago the
passenger agents of the Northern Pacific,
the Great Northern and the Soo lines met
in St. Paul and decided to abolish the $40
round-trip homeseekers* rates to the,
"West, To-day a circular was issued. by,
the three big roads stating that on Janu
ary 1, 1501. round-trip homeseekers' tick
ets will be issued at a cost of $52, second
class. It was only after several meetings
had been held that the' roads ; decided to
issue cheap round-trip', rates. Another
reason given i for the resumption~of the
round-trip rates is that rate cutting was
threatened by one of " the lines' which
from the first was opposed to the abolish
ing of the rates. ' .
Increase the Bate.
."It is. also a fact that rig-ht here at
home, at our County Infirmary and in
our little receiving hospital operations
are constantly being successfully . per
formed which equal any of those at
tempted by the widely heralded European
specialists."
institutions as Johns Hopkins are in a
class by themselves when compared with
their European counterparts. Their thor
oughness and depth of research are amaz
ing. • Every bit of tissue evidencing mor
bid conditions which has been cut away
during all the hospital practice has been
preserved or else photographed and
eketched. Sections are made and mounted
on microscopic slides, and these are con
veniently arranged and catalogued, so
that the student has unlimited opportu
nities to illustrate any subject under in
vestigation. I was astonished at the scope
of- their investigations; ror Instance, into
the hereditary transmission of - disease.
They are constantly discovering new and
significant facts bearing on this and other
important subjects.
"A fact which was surprising to myself
and which I do not believe Is generally
known . is the presence of Austrian,
French, English and; German medical stu
dents learning surgery at this great in
stitution. . .< ;¦¦/-•¦
In brief. Professor Dunning said the
men i who . had handled j the negro question
In . the : middle of the century were of
strong, emotions and narrow In judgment,
laboring under the delusion that the abol
ishment of slavery meant the abolishment
of ¦ every other., obstacle immediately. ¦„• in
the .• discussion which followed : Professor
Albert; BushnellHaYt of Harvard Uni
versity said that the. removal of the negro
from the South by -colonization elsewhere
would • kim the ,- Southern :. States. > He de
plored the lynching of negroes, but as
serted that ift the people of a community
demanded. the burning at the stake of ne
groes as. a penalty for s committing hor
rible crimes, the State should make burn-
Ing the legal .penalty. -
-The first paper was on "The Opposition
In Parliament, 1765-75," ; by Professor W.
C. Abbott of Dartmouth College, The sec
ond was "The Undoing of the Reconstruc
tion,": otherwise" known I as "The Negro
Question." This paper, was read by .Wil
liam A. Dunning of Columbia University.
DETROIT, Mich., Dec. 29.— Papers were
read at to-day's session of the American
Historical Association In session here,
covering periods in , history * in America
from 1765 to the negro question as it
stands at the present time.
Sensational Address Made by
Professor Hart of
Harvard.
WOULD LEGALIZE
BURNING AT STAKE
BERLIN, Dec. 20.— An Imperial order,
dated December 13, commands Prince
Henry of Prussia, brother of Emperor
William, to repair to Berlin by January 1
and remain at the capital for some time,
with, the view of attaining, a more inti
mate knowledge of state affairs. His
Majesty desires that, while at the capital,
Prince Henry shall maintain close touch
with the foreign office.
SUMMONED TO BERLIN.
The Tribunal has confirmed its previous
declaration of the bankruptcy of the na
tional bank and the bankruptcy proceed
ings are continuing.
The country remains quiet.
SAN DOMINGO. Republic of Santo Do
minso, Dec. 29 (via Haytian cable). — The
President has appointed the following
Ministers: Interior. Senor Hernandez;
Foreign Affairs, Senor Henrlquez; War,
Senor Cuello: Finance. Senor Brache: Ag
riculture, Senor Dospradel; Posts, Senor
Joubert.
Public His Selections.
President of Santo Domingo Makes
NEW MINISTERS APPOINTED.
PHOENIX. Dec. 29.-Captain J. > Nichol
son, agent ' of San Carlos reservation, has
oeen furnished an accurate description of
the. Indian, recently - killed - near Juarez,
Mexico. He and several old scouts assert
positively ; that the dead Indian was the
noted v Nash-Ta-Ka and not Apache Kid,
as reported: ;S(«aQH*«KseetSBflte6S
Not the Apache Eld.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— The exports of
gold and silver from this port to all coun
tries for. this week aggregate $1,854,907 sil
ver bars and coin and $46,175 gold. The
imports of specie this week wera $38,913
gold and $44,102 silver.
Exports . of Gold and Silver.
BERLIN, Dec 29.— Negotiations for tho
settlement of German claims for damages
in Cuba during the war. have. been going
on -with -the United States for some time,
the National Zeitung learns, but have not
reached a definite conclusion.
German 'War Claims.
PENS ACOLAi Fla. , Dec. 29.— A storm
of wind and rain - passed over the city
late last night. Heavy rains flooded vari
ous " parts of the city. The large steel
bark Kiandra was capsized In the bay,
the tug Klondike sank and a small
schooner foundered. No lives are reported
lost, j , •
Vessels Sink at Pensacola.
ST. PAUL, Dec. 23.— It is announced
that Alpheus B. Stickney, president of the
Chicago Great Western, will be married
some time next month to Miss May Cros
by of Dexter, Maine. Miss Crosby is a
daughter of Judge Joslah Crosby and she
and Stickney became acquainted when he
was a young lawyer in her father's of
fice. They are of about the same age. Mr.
Stickney is a widower. The marriage will
probably take place in Boston, and Mr.
and Mrs. Stickney will spend the winter
in New York. Mr. Stickney left for the
East to-night.
Railroad President to Wed.
LIMA, Peru, . Dec. 29.— The Kosmos
steamship line during 1901 will send from
Hamburg to this coast and San Francisco
two steamships monthly. Th'e first steam
ship will leave Hamburg on January 6.
Trade between the United States and Peru
has nearly doubled in the last two years.
In view of the increased facilities freight
rates are lower.
to Peru.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1900. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
Eosmos Line to Improve Its' Service
TWO STEAMERS MONTHLY.
Captain Barclay has been more or less
in command of the Tenth Hussars at
Woolwich.
The case has been talked about for the
last year. Although the Prince of Wales,
who is colonel of the Tenth Hussars, has
done his best to keep the case out of
court, the infuriated husband is deter
mined to go on with It. It is said there
are about nine or ten corespondents. With
one exception all belong to the Tenth
Hussars.
Airs. Barclay is a sister of Lord Decies,
is rather pretty and has been hunting
this winter at Melton.
LONDON, Dec. 29.— It is expected that
the rather sensational divorce .case- of
Captain Barclay, of the; Tenth Hussars
will take ¦ place In February.: '
lishing Company.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Pub-
sars , Determined to Proceed
Against His "Wife.
Captain Barclay of the Tenth Hus-
WAIVES UNABIJE TO
STAY DIVORCE SUIT
Dr. Dunn went to Europe prepared to
find American methods and equipment
discounted by those of the older seats of
learning and investigation. He returns
full of enthusiasm for the achievements
of his profession on this side of the At
lantic. "The long and short of it is," he
said, "the American surgeon beats the
world. That Is my conclusion after seeing
pretty nearly all of them.
/'In some of the big London hospitals I
found them Just beginning to, adopt the
aseptic operating-rooms which have been
generally in use In American hospitals
for ten years past. In Spain and Italy
the hospital service is terrible. Medieval
rrethods of surgery prevail in most of
them. In Turkey the unspeakable vile
ness of things In general invades the sick
wards and the condition of the patients
la terrible. The hospital service of Greece
is a bright exception to the general rule
of the Mediterranean countries. The
Queen has brought in Swedish nurses and
surgeons and the hospitals are conducted
or. modern lines. In Austria there are
some fine hospitals, where tKe most ad
vanced specialists work, but the general
service Is not up to date.
"The French hospitals are well con-,
ducted, as are many of the German insti
tutions. But after all my travels, I came
to Johns Hopkins University in Balti
more, and there found far and away th«
Kcfct medical department I ..yitfted. Such
Dr. James P. Dunn, who has Just re
turned from a European tour, •„ during
which he Inspected the hospital service
of the great foreign centers of medical
research, says American boys need no
longer go away from home to learn surg
ery In its highest development.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 29.
Oakland Physioian Says No
American Student Need
Go Abroad.
MAY LEARN THEIR
SURGERY AT HOME
matter and passed resolutions advocating
various measures of relief by the munici
pality.
The Berliner Polltische Nachrichten. the
mouthpiece of Dr. Miquel, the Minister
of Finance, discusses the subject, oppos
ing restrictions being placed on the free
movement of the population, and says the
Prussian Government is deliberating on
the question.
The Central Agricultural Association of
East Prussia has passed a resolution In
favor of the half-day schools as a meas
ure for the relief of the scarcity • of la
borers.
The German shipyards In 1900 completed
250,000 tons of vessels, which is three times
above the tonnage turned out in 1896 and
a fifth above the tonnage of 1898. British
yards built in 1900 100,000 tons for German
account and German yards built in 1900
113,000 tons for foreign account. Seven
hundred ships, in all over 700,000 tons, are
building for German account In German
That Sir Edwin Arnold's views are not
unanimously shared can be Judged from
a letter of Mr. Cunningham-Graham (a
former member of Parliament, who in
July, 1&9S, wrote a series of articles most
Insulting to Americans in the Westminster
Gazette*, ¦which is given a place of honor
In the Saturday Review. It Is the most
bitter arraignment of Anglo-American
friendship that .has appeared for many a
day. The writer decries the after-dinner
speeches of Senator Depew. Lord Salis
bury and others, and declares thnt this
friendship has resulted only in kicks for
Great Britain in the cases of the Vene
zuelan, San Juan, Alabama and Bering
awards. He says:
"We went on patting ourselves upon our
diaphragms, making sure that all those
kicks were but symptoms of affection and
love the Americans bore us. In return
for our moral help which we gave them
in their "brave punching of their . brother
Spaniards they gave us nothing of a kin
dred sort when we started in to thrash
our brother Boers. Lastly, on top of all
our condescensions, like a cold bath upon
a drunkard, comes the clauses of the Sen
ate in the Hay-Pauncefote treaty, by
which we are commanded to assent to
kick number twenty, and I suppose Lord
Salisbury is going to turn his ample
shoulders to receive it and assure the
kickers of his distinguished consideration
and thank them for the energy with
which it is bestowed. It seems impossible.
bo the experts tell us. that the canal could
be defended, even though fortified, in case
of war, but then the 'liar, damned liar and
expert,' Is a comparison almost proverbial
In this commercial age. It looks as If we
had voluntarily, by our mean and sense-
Calumbia answers:
If thy foes too much dare, I think we shall be
no more kept asunder •
Than two great clouds in heaven that hold the
thunder.
LONDON. Dec. 29.— Reviews of the
year and century fill the weekly
and daily papers. In the latter
and broader field the writers find
greater .satisfaction that Amer
ica's part in England's history figures
prominently. Sir Edwin Arnold signalizes
the new century with a sonnet. Greeting
Columbia, England says:
I eend thee motherly kiss and ben'.son, love
or love me not
Hap* what may hap', my pride and prayers
watch thy bright course begun.
Thou dost uphold the lessons learned from me
and PpepJte*^ my Shakespeare's speech;
God go with thee.
The physicians of the Grand Duke of
Oldenburg, Frederick August, who is suf
fering from heart trouble due to over
work, have prescribed a long trip abroad.
August Scherl, proprietor of the Lokal
Anzeiger. has begun the publication of
an Illustrated ! dally newspaper, entitled
Der Tag (The Day).
Herr Humperdinck, the composer, has
settled In Berlin.
Fraulein Isolde von Bulcw, Frau Cosima
Wagner's daughter by her marriage with
Hans von Bulow, was married at Beyrouth
this week to Herr Beidler, the musical
conductor.
private and foreign yards. Forty-eight
warships are being built in German pri
vate yards.
A serum against the foot and mouth dis
ease, discovered by Professor Loeffler
and described at the Paris Medical Con
ventions last summer, is being manufac
tured commercially. Further experiments
have given excellent results.
George W« Watson's desertion' of the
Hendersons and his employment by the
Dennys, who have never built sailing
yachts of any description, to construct
Sir Thomas Lipton's second America's
cup challenger has created much discus
sion and hitherto has not yet been ex
plained. Mr. Watson was influenced by
the benefits of the Dennys testing tank,
which he first tried with the yacht Lys
istrata. After this he utilized the tank
for a series of experiments to determine
the best hull shape for Shamrock II be
fore he signed the contract with Sir
Thomas Llpton. He is convinced that he
has discovered a hull much better than
anything he has ever designed. The test
ing tank is In reality a pond 200 feet long,
22 feet broad and 9 feet deep. Over It Is
a railroad with a car drawn by a station
ary engine. The model is attached to the
carriage and the speed cot from every
model for every ounce of power Is auto
matically recorded. There are arrange
ments also for testing at all keel angles.
The apparatus Is said here to be the only
one of its kind In the world. By Its
means Mr. Watson has tried a dozen
models. The importance of these experi
ments can be judged from his admission
that it was due to a fault of the hull that
the Valkyrie and Shamrock failed. It is*
believed that the new boat will stand
driving hard without drawing a big quar
ter wave behind. Hence secrecy is so
carefully observed.
"The men who have dominated the met
allurgical interests of the world for so
many years, whose ramifications extend
to every civilized country, are not the
men to yield to American supremacy
without sharing in it by becoming a fac
tor in America's pro-iuctlon. To these
giants of industry it is not very material
whether the source of production is Eng
land or Pennsylvania or Alabama. Tho
people of America should welcome tho
incoming of this capital not only for its
material benefits but for that close kin
ship into which tho United States and
Great Britain would bo drawn."
less conduct In the Spanish-Yankee war,
placed ourselves in the position of a man
who. having lost the world, imagined he
had gained his eoul. but on consideration
found his prize was mere hypothesis."
In connection with the proposed Nicar
aguan canal it is said that when tho
United States definitely decides to build
one of the greatest ship building concerns
in England. England will simultaneously
open, on one of the guif ports, an immense
shipyard. Several steel manufacturers
are also said to be considering the advis
ability of establishing American plants.
The Manufacturers' Record, sneaking in
behalf of English trade, says:
SIR EDWIN ARNOLD, WHOSE FRIENDLY SONNET IS IN MARKED
CONTRAST TO THE WRITINGS OF OTHER ENGLISHMEN IN CRIT
ICISM OF THE UNITED STATES. v ~ ' »
MILES MAY MAKE
•RtTPIiY TO A!GER
Says Alger Waited Two Years Befora
Making 1 His Attack, Hence No
Haste Is Necessary.
RICHMOND, Va., Dec. 23.— General Nel
son A. Miles spent a short time in Golds
boro, N. C, to-day on his way to Wash
ington. Regarding General Alger'* attack
on him. he said:
"Alger waited for some two years to
make an attack, and I guess I need be In
no hurry to reply. The beef question has
been pretty well condemned already by
the press of the country. I may yet have
something to say of the rottenness of tha
whole affair."
DEY SUNDAY FOS CHICAGO.
All Saloons Close Promptly on the
Stroke of Midnight.
CHICAGO, Dec. 30.— All saloons were
closed as tight as drums at midnight to
night, for the first time since the present
Mayor, Carter H. Harrison, has held of
fice.
The order closing the saloons emanated
from Chief of Police Klpley's office, and
was read to every police officer detailed
on night duty at the evening roll-call.
Captains and lieutenants in addressing
their subordinates told them the order
was "on the square."
Bryan Goes Hunting.
GAL.VESTON, Tex., Dec. 29.— W. J.
Bryan arrived here at noon and left soon
after with Colonel TV. I* Moody for the
private game preserve of the latter across
the bay In Chambers County, where he
will hunt for several days.
SLATER OF MORRIS
DUES IN HOSPTTAIi
Wounds He Inflicted Upon
Himself.
Samuel McDonald Succumbs to the
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29.— Samuel Mc-
Donald, who one week ago killed F. H.
Morris, auditor for the War Department,
died thl3 morning at the Emergency Hos
pital from his self-inflicted wounds. Mc-
Donald, after killing Morris, cut his own
throat and shot himself near the heart.
It was thought he had a fair chance of
recovery, owing to his remarkable " phy
sique, but he was determined to die and
so, informed the attendants at the hos
pital. He was carefully guarded and pre
vented from inflicting more Injuries upon
himself, but for two pays he refused to
take nourishment as far as possible and
this morning at 7 o'clock died quietly and
without a struggle. The physicians say
death waa-"due more than anything else
to McDonald's determination not to live.
It was a remarkable exhibition of will
power.
At the autopsy held over the body of
McDonald the Coroner found the Im
mediate cause of death to be complete
exhaustion, resulting from a gunshot
wound of the liver, and peritonitis.
Charged With Embezzlement.
ST. .LOUIS, Dec 20. — Charles J. Bren
ner, bookkeeper, cashier and confidential
clerk at the Wainright branch of the St.
iJbuls Brewing Company, is charged In
a warrant issued to-day with having em
bezzled $8000 during the last. three or four
years. Brenner, who Is 43 years old and
has a family, has been connected with
the company in a confidential capacity for
nearly ten years.
jt . ONDON, Dec. 29.— Major General
I Sir. Henry Colville, whose resig-
I nation has been' - demanded by
JJL^' the War Office, but who refused
to resign and came to England
from Gibraltar, arriving at Plymouth
to-day. to demand a trial by court-martial
to establish the responsibility for the yeo
manry disaster at J.indley last May, has
made a counter-strike at the War Office
in a 3000- word statement which he has
given to the press, lie says he has come
home to demand a free inquiry and does
not intend to be made a scapegoat for the
sake of the staff. He avers that the Lind
ley disaster could never have occurred
had he been informed of Lord Roberts'
intention. The primary cause of the sur
render, he says, was the insufficient in
formation given by the headquarters staff
to Colonel Spragge and himself and he
declines to accept the blame. He lays out
the facts and blan.es others. General
Colville and his inliuential friends in ana
out of the army are <nus beginning a
campaign against the new Secretary of
State lor War, William St. John Brod
erick, Lord Roberts and General Kitch
ener. It is expected to be fought out with
some ferocity in Parliament.
When he returned from South Africa,
General Colville says, he fully acquainted
the War Oflice with the facts. After some
time he was informed by General Sir
Evelyn Wood, the adjutant general, that
L,ord Landsdowne, then Secretary of State
for War, had directed him to say that
General Lord Wolseley, the commander in
chief, approved of General ColviUe's re
suming his Gibraltar command. I He
learned unofficially that an army board of
live of the highest officials of the War
Office had considered his statements and
Lord Roberts' dispatches on the subject.
His reappo,intment was the result of the
inquiry.
To his immense surprise Adjutant Gen
eral Wood,, on December 21, notilled him
that William St. John I Broderick. the
newly appointed Secretary of State for
War, held him responsible for the loss of
the yeomanry and ordered him to quit his
command inimeoiately and hand over hi3
resignation. General Colville, going into
official details, says he was ordered to
concentrate his division at Heilbron, on
May 29, and names the various disposi
tions of the other divisions which extend
ed across the Orange Free State. He as
sumed that Lord Roberts intended to ad
vance, sweeping all before him. His or
ders were absolute and he had, to carry
them out. Hence he could not go to the
relief of the 500 yeomanry without risking
the success of the grand operation. Under
anv circumstances, he says, he considered
it his duty to push on, even If he were
sure it would entail the loss of the yeo
manry. Besides he had only. food enough
for two days. > He pushed on and the yeo
manry surrendered. Lord Roberts broke
up General ColviUe's division and ex
pressed his dissatisfaction. -v
"On my pointing out that I had obeyed
his orders to the letter," declared General
Colville. "he said his orders were only In
tended as a guide."
General Colville alludes to some of the
yeomanry being millionaires and quotes
Lord Roberts as saying it was his duty
to sacrifice his force for the yeomanry.
"It will be remembered," General Col
ville says, "that the corps d'elite num
bered 500 and my force nearly eight times
that number."
General Colville recites two examples of
what he considers Lord Kitchener's "de
fective staff work."
Gharues Superiors With
Having Caused Lindleu
Disast8Fi
Sir Henry Colville At
tacks Broderick
and "Bobs." '
OLD ARMY
SCANDALS TO
BE REVIVED
BY CABLE TO THE CALL.
SIR EDWIN ARNOLD INDITES A
GREETING TO COLUMBIA.
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
"No attention will be paid to the let
ter of M. Zola, the letter of Captain Drey
fus or that of Colonel Picquart, and what
ever people' may-, say, in six weeks
or two months the affair will have ceased
to weigh with its absurd force on our do
mestic policy."
•"You must know-that the fate of Col
onel Picquart has always interested the
friends of justice and truth in France and
they, were determined not to stop after
amnesty was granted until they had ob
tained his reinstatement; in the , army.
This would: have been for them the sign
of their victory. In attacking as he did
the President of the Council of State and
in withdrawing his petition. Colonel Pic
quart therefore rather renders an involun
tary . service" to the Cabinet,' sparing -it
the accomplishment of a difficult task.
His» letter Is none the less unjust, for he
forgets what role it is that.M. t Waldeck-
Rousseau has played in the whole drama
—the role of pacification and abnegation;
He forgets, also, that without . M»L-.Wal
deck-Rousseau he hlmseir, in phitfe of liv
ing quietly in Paris in the- midst of ad
miration and bearing the respect of his
very numerous followers, would probably
be . in " prison, to which he would have
been condemned by his former colleagues
who were determined to crush him under
any possible pretext. ' * •*'"-. ¦•-. •.
"In Paris naturally the protagonists of
the Dreyfus affair are not satisfied. They
would regard themselves -as victorious
only . when the innocence of the con
demned man was universally recognized
and solemnly proclaimed. According to
human habit, they think nothing has been
done so long as something remains to do.
This is why we have seen M. Zola call
upon the President of the republic not to
give his approval of the amnesty bill.
This is why, when amnesty was voted,
we have seen Captain Dreyfus himself
write to the head of the Cabinet to ask
him to reopen the affair by- ordering an
inquiry into the invention of a Parisian
journalist who told of the existence of
letters from the German Emperor accus
ing him. This is why finally, on the eve
of the promulgation of amnesty, Colonel
Picquart also wrote to the Premier to re
proach him- in .vigorous language, even
•with acrimony,- for having used all his
efforts to drag from Parliament the am
nesty bill. . He stated that efforts had
been made to keep him quiet by promis
ing him rank and , crosses, and he an
nounced that in view of what had taken
place he withdrew the petition which he
had sent to, the Council of State against
his being dismissed from the army. .
NEW YORK. Dec. 29.— J. Comely, edi
tor of Figaro, In a cable .to the Herald
predicts a wane of the Dreyfus affair. , Ha
says:
J. Comely, Editor of the Figaro,
¦ Predicts That in Two Months
the Affair Will Be
Forgotten.
»
Special Dispatch to The Call
DREYFUS WILL
BE IGNORED
No Attention to Be Given to
His Demands for a New
Investigation.
BERLIN. Dec. 29.— The recent
speeches of Count von Klinckow
strom, the Agrarian leader, and
the altitude of the Imperial
Chancellor, Count von Bulow, to
ward the Agrarians have furnished the
press this week with the main subject for
discussion, without evolving any new
•acts. Count von Bulow has not uttered
a word publicly to indicate his position,
and his silence wins him the designation
of the "sphinx of German politics." The
Vossische Zeitung assumes that the
Chancellor from his political associations
is an Agrarian, but his diplomatic educa
tion and experience in foreign politics
render him unwilling- to concede the Agra
rian demands wholly, since he must see
that a grain duty of CO marks would ren
der a commercial treaty policy impossi
ble. The Vossir-che Zeitung assumes that
such a duty would cause a tariff war with
the United States and Russia, the former
nr.s wiring with measures directed against
Ocnnan sugrar and the latter replying by
increasing the duty on German iron. The
I.iveral newspapers understand that Von
Klinckowstrom's utterances were intend
ed to prepare for a compromise below the
.Aprarian demands, pointing out that it
was Count von Klinckowetrom who
chocked the extreme Agrarian demands
in connection with the meat bilL
The press this week has much com
mented on a semi-official article in the
Mucnchcner Allgemein Zeitung (National
liberal) Quoting Count von Bulow as say
ing:
"Above all things, no internal crisis."
Many of the papers fear the Chancel
lor's conciliatory spirit will prevent any
vigorous policies, and others interpret his
utterance as meaning that he is ready to
sacrifice Count von Posadowski-Wehner,
Secretary of State for the Interior, in the
interests of a harmonious Cabinet. The
Count's trip to South Germany, conclud
ing with the highest decoration being be
stowed upon him by the Emperor, gives
occasion for the frequent remark that the
Chancellor is on very good terms with hia
Majesty. Nevertheless, the Cologne Volks
Zeitung, the leading Centrist organ, sar
castically asks what there will be left to
confer on Von Bulow when he actually
does something.
The trip has undoubtedly had a good
political effect. The Stuttgart Schwaeb
iscbe Mercur. the semi-official paper of
Wurttemberg. remarks that the relations
with the Imperial Government had lat
t«rly grown somewhat strained, and adds
that Count von Bulow's object was to re
store the former cordiality, which he has
fully succeeded in doing. "Hereafter."
continues the paper mentioned, "the
Foutb German Government will have a
prominent participation in imperial af
fairs."
.Nevertheless the pan-German press con
tinues to attack Count von Bulow. The
Hheir.iscfce Westphaellsche Zeitung. Na
tional Liberal, accuses the Chancellor of
h.ir.giTig on to Great Britain's skirts and
expresses fear that this may involve Ger
many in complications with Russia and
France. The Lustige Blaetter prints a
striking cartoon of Count von Bulow
peering into a looking glass and asking
the question: "Who is the Chancellor in
the land?"
The looking glass reflects Emperor Wil
liam's face.
The newspapers this week refer In an
nsrgrioved tone to the continued attacks
of the Russian press upon Germany, in-
FTancing the dissemination of the improb
r hie story that Cologne and Berlin news
papers were bribed bv the De Beers Com
pany to oppose the Boer cause.
The United States Senate's action on the
Ilay-Pauncefote treaty is much discussed.
The National Zoitung, National Liberal,
penerclly friendly to the United States,
f'.ovotcs a lengthy leader to this subject
this morning. The general tone of the
press is condemnatory of the Senate with
out sympathizing with Great Britain.
It is announced that an enlarged canal
hill will be p-osent?c to tl>e Prussian Diet
January £. The Post. Conservative, has
n!r«-ady opened war apainst the measure.
wp Tr-ing the Government that it will meet
with a revere defeat, cs it did in 1S39.
The Diet will also deal with the ques
tion of reform of the secret police.
The heavy movement of the population
toward Berlin causes a. chronic scarcity
ff houses and a general rise in rents. A
conference of over seventy Social Demo
cratic Aldermen of the Brandenburg cities
rr.c-t in Berlin this week to discuss tho
Count Seeking to Prevent
a Tariff War With
America-
Agrarians in Doubt
as to Chancellor's
Attitude.
VON BULOW
THE SPHINX
OF GERMANY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1900.
15
A .woman's -happiness may depend on
the .offers of marriage she refuses.
A bald-headed , clergyman . recently
preached from the appropriate" text : "The
hairs < of i our head : are ; numbered. ••
TOJycfiM^g' Our treatment gives vim. vizor, vi-
Jr^lS&W^? tality, strength and ambition to mm,
young or old, married or single, regard-
.^iilfeS&ferasttSafc ;'; less of the cause of their trouble. We
" •' :..-.* master wasting weakness, etc. quickly
and permanently.
Wo also cure special and contracted diseases, Including contagious blood
poison, stricture, varlcocelo, hydrocele, rupture, piles, diseases of the kidney,
spine, bladder, etc.
Our remedies, which have stood the trying test of time, are compounded
by graduated pharmacists In our own private laboratory. FREE TO PA-
TIENTS. -
Our methods and appliances have proved, by thousands of actual tests.
to be superior to all others. Our institution is the largest and best equipped
and our practice the most extensive..
The reputation of our institution !s the best. We are popular because
we cure our patients. We gained our present high standing by curing dieases
and weakness, not only In their earlier stages, but those which bad become
chronic and dangerous by bad treatment or neglect. Every member of our
staff has had many years' experience in hospitals, general practice and as
specialists In curing dieases and weakness of men.
- We have long been operating a successful home cure system. Private
book for men, question list, advice, etc. free at office or by mail.
DR;KEYERS&Cfl.,73( M e^^
ELEVATOR ENTRANCE. Hours— 8to,5 Daily, Etenlngs 7 to 8, Sundays 9 to 11.
¦M..H.lil»i.i.ii.i..l..M..l-l..l..Hh44-.-l'l-H-l"I ! I I I I I Ml ! I I I lit !¦ H M-fr
Doctor Pierce'* Pleasant Pellets cure
constipation.
Is a disease of civilization- When the
Indian was a stranger to the white man
he had no name m his vocabulary for
this dreaded malady.
Without arguing as to the curability
of consumption, it may be »tated posi-
tively that Doctor ¦'"
Picrce's Golden Med- 1 rvtV6k"S fi f M/%$i
ical Discovery cores .*•""•*. \1JUpKjE£bK5!
'" c ry m « u*"0*^ CCltxu. * * * * * I Jt*M3^^4^'* A
deep-eeated end /V.^VyjfiSjregSQ
ether diseases •which |0§$*ifxS^M§q
::' neglected or un- ffltfj^ irci35S§3
skillfully treated find j^Otgi j^LHP*]
a fatal termination A)«^^
in consumption. / \yf?2S9
There is no alcohol \y. vS/^ \4^S|
in tie r Di?covery, w ;A v^a
and it is entirely free i'^V^^g; 'l3
from opium, cocaine, r vfflB^ H
and afi other nar- W f/j^Pm
Persons suffering >^4a ( l *Mj'7ug3L
from clironic dis- &&R \$wt.
ease are invited to V i- 'V1|S§
consult Dr. Pierce, I | _^|{fra
correspondence is Y \JL/k!*\
conducted under \'jna * T*&J$S
the seal of sacred ylCj^^^CL^™J
6ecrecy. Address
Dr. R, V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
In a little over thirty years. Dr. Pierce,
assisted by his medical staff of nearly a
6core of physicians, has treated and
cured thousands of men and women who
had been given up as incurable by local
physicians.
•Your aedidne is the best I have ever
taken." writes Mrs. Jennie Diajtnan, of Rapid
City. KaUca«ka Co.. Mich. "Last Bring I M4
a bad cough . ff ot so bad I had to be iu bed all
the time. My hnsband tboaght I had con-
tuDption. He wanted me to get ¦ doctor, but
thought vre TToald try Dr. Pierce'i Golden Med-
ical Discovery: and before I had taken one bottle
the cough «bpped and I have since bad no sign
I tit its returning."
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys are well they will help all the other organs
to health. A trial will convince any one.
To Proye what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy, Will Do
for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May Have a Sample
Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for much sickne«a
and suffering, therefore, when through neglect or other causes,
kidney trouble is permitted to continue, fatal results arc sure
to follow.^..
It used to be considered that only urinary and bladder troubles
were to be traced to the kidneys, but now modern science proves
,that nearly all diseases have their beginning in the disorder of
these most important organs.
Your other organs may need attention -but your kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first.
The mild .and Immediate effect of Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney
arid bladder remedy, is soon realized. It
rtands the highest for its wonderful cures
of the most distressing cases. Swamp-
Root " will set your whole system right,
and the best proof of this is a trial.
ST. LOUIS. Ho.. Nov. .20, 1900.
"I have used ' Swamp-Root for. years
whenever I was troubled with my kid-
neys, with constipation, or whenever t
felt the need of something to tone and
brace me up. This has given me such re-
lief that I do not find it necessary to take
medicine regularly now. as an occasional
dose of Swamp-Root keeps me in shape
for my work— that of head cutter in the
Clothing Company of Rath & Jean. I am
pleased to give a testimonial for your
splendid medicine, and I cannot say
enough for what it has done for me. I
gratefully recommend it to any one need-
ing a thoroughly reliable remedy." Yours
truly, HARRY GIBBARD.
1821 Papln street. /
You may have a sample bottle of this
famous kidney remedy, Swamp-Root, sent
free by mail, postpaid, by which you may
test its virtues for such disorders as kid-
ney, bladder and uric acid diseases, poor
digestion, when obliged to pass your wa-
ter frequently night and day. smarting or
Irritation In passing, brlckdust or sedi-
ment In the urine, headache, backache,
lame back, dizziness, sleeplessness, nerv-
ousness, heart disturbance due to bad kid-
ney trouble, skin eruptions from bad
blood, neuralgia, rheumatism, diabetes,
bloating, irritability, wornout feeling, lack
of ambition, loss of flesh, sallow complex-
ion, or Bright's disease.
If your water, when allowed to remain
undisturbed In a glass or bottle for twen-
ty-four hours, forms a sediment or set-
tling or has a cloudy appearance, it Is
evidence that your kidneys and bladder
need immediate attention.
If you have the slightest symptoms of
kidney or bladder trouble, or If there is a
trace of it in your family history, send
at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton,
N. Y., who will gladly send you by mail.
Immediately, without cost to you. a sam-
ple bottle of Swamp-Root and a book con-
taining- many of the thousands upon thou-
sands of testimonial letters received from
men and women cured. Be sura to say
that you read this generous offer in the
San Francisco Sunday Call.
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and Is
for sale the world over at druggists In
bottles of two sizes and two prices— fifty
cents and one dollar. Remember the-
name. Swamp-Root, and the address.
Binghamton. N. Y.
Because at AH Times They Have the Most
Important Work to Do.
YOU SHOULD NOT
NEGLECT YODR KIDNEYS
OS. ETLMEB'S SWA2CP-B00T.
ALVEETISEMENTa
Weak Kidneys Oansed by Overwork, by Lifting or a Str&Ia.
1% if A>¥ \5" The Pattosien . Company. ' Sixteenth and
Mission'- streets, explains thn challenge,
page 13. .Read it for your, benefit. • .
From Pol t to Pole.
Deep-sea dredging show that most of
the sea bottom Is a region, of cold, th«
temperature, of the water even at the
equator being sometimes below the freez«
Ing point of fresh water. For a time
science could , not offer any satisfactory
explanation for this strange condition, but
it is now proved that the water of alt the
oceans circulates steadily, not onlr In the
familiar superficial currents of which the
Gulf stream Ms 1 the^ most • representative
type but in a slow and mighty movement
from the. Arctic and Antarctic poles,
creeplnj? southward and northward »lm>«r
the sea. bottom to the hot re*1nr.*,of th»
equator., there rising to the surface very
slowly, and setting northward and south
ward, toward the poles, thus keeptng up a
constant circulation.— McClure's Mav»
zlne. ,¦;" • ¦ . ¦ ¦ •
A Dietetic E*p#rt.
John Lawnon Johnston, th# rt^h r*.»-\
who recently rented th« DuV* ©f Ar»yn>
nncestral castle of Inv*n»ry. h*b xh.m*^>
\y rm h«» yacht nt Ctnnw, FVB.n<*» «. r>«
weeks since, ajr+d « x **r« Jr* •->.%
made a peculiar ami rr,XU*>>U WtfrYe'**
for himself— thai <vf <tl*t«tU N txpttf in r*>.
tion to military cr*r*H<M>», *cr\4 **¦*. *4v
ployed as such hy t£* FtW\**,,4
American. Had t\* h«+*\ »nt,ni-«.*. \y ***
Government at th« ¥*>*rrtris; rfV*«
with SpAln many UfM *ml Vvmcb *H%*a1
might h*v*h*#n *»V*.V *>•
out the prvtfcWrrt* \tT ViulHiirv vMNvn* \£
and for fcrwpit*)' VrrA^Vvq.
h« Invent*! HVfU. ,r\* * **»>*.$* v^WM
th# Trine* «*\y*w r»*f«»^M v.
whtt# Jj*.W, i(*v.*!^ >vWr*-V W* *£W
NATTJBAI. GAS FOTJOTD
ON A MEXDOCIXO BA27CH
Indications of Oil Are Also Good and
a If ev Industry Will Soon Be
Inaugurated.
COVELO. Dec. 23.— News of an exten
sive natural gas discovery in Long Valley
reached here late this evening. Luther
K*dezneyer. a rancher, has for some time
noticed on a marsh on his ranch bubbles
floating on the surface and has also n>
tieed a peculiar odor trrur.d this particu
iar place. He had eevtr paid particular
attention to this until a friend ridin?
with him yesterday advised him to Inves
tigate the matter, as the bubbles might
be caused by natural gzs. After exunin
ing the place he found to bis surprise that
the water was oily and after an examina
tion by an rxpert Oil man found It to
be natural gas with extensive indications
of petroleum. A large- galvanized wash
tub m-a* placed in an inverted position on
the surface of the' mart h and a lighted
match applied to a bole punctured In the
bottom or the tub. A flame at once burst
into view, burring until it was extin
guished by those present.
This discovery will oe a valuable addi
tion to the resources of Mendodno Coun
ty and a new industry is about to be in
augurated. It was only a few months ago
that rich indications of oil were discov
ered on Colonel L*avitt's ranch near Lay
lonville.
Mr. Redem^-rr ca* recently returned
from San Francisco, where be. in com
pany with "Coal Oil" john«on. visited the
eil fields at Newman aod Gllroy. Mr.
Ro£#raeyer is about to consummate a deal
tn bcn<1 his property to San Francisco
Apple Pudding.
Wash, core and bake a half-dozen larv*
apples. Do not let them scorch Scoop
out the pulp from the skins and put thtm
to steep in hot water, enough to cover
them. Make a custard with two cups
sugar, one cup butter, one cup sweet milk
or cream, one tablespoonful cornsrarch
the yolks of four eggs and the whites nt
two, add the apple pulp, beat well, flaror
with either lemon or vanlla, pour Into a
quick oven. While it bakes make a m««rlri»
gue of the white of eggs left over. Iffss
it high over the pudding and brown iVII
cately. For sauce take a halPpInt of
water, from the apple rinds, and stir It
foiling hot Into a half-cup of b«m«r
creamed with a eup of sugar. B#at for
nve minutes over hot water, then ad* a
gill of brandy and a grate of nutmsf, If
brandy Is not approved substitute kmrsn
juice or else flavor the apple water arronir*
ly with ginger and leave oft the nutm**.
HIS TVTTND "WEECKED
BY XIFE IN NORTH
Merchant, Is Being Taken
to New Tork.
Arthur C. Humbert, Son of a Wealthy
SEATTLE, Wash.. Dec. 29.— Arthur C.
Humbert, the son at a rich retired New
York merchant. wS5 a passenger from
Valdes on the steamsnip Bertha, his mind
a wreck from the hard life of the north.
Humbert left on the St. i-aul last spring
for \ aides as th« clerk of Captain Aber
crombie.
He has traveled extensively and for th*
nest few years has been ta South Africa.
In none of these places has he been
«7 >^ led iif nen -r l K Iy -*? ei! ? Itt *• har «J»hips
of the life. The Alaskan trip, however,
resulted in his being sent back to this port
in charge of a Red Cross nurse, who is
with him constantly for fear he mav do
himself bodily harm. H« will go toNew
Tork to his parents.
Then Chauncey Stopped.
During the recent campaign Senator
Dep«w speke la New York State. At one
of the towns tho enthusiastic Republicans
emphasized earn good point of his speech
with a blsst from a cannon. Whpneve-
Depew would hit the Democrats a good
square lick between the eyes the cannon
would go "bang."
The crowd chouted with joy, and De
pew. inspired by the fervor of the audi
ence's enthusiasm, talked and talked. For
a moment he happened to pause to get h!s
breath. Across the air from the field
where the cannon was stationed came
thete words : •
"Captain, when is this old man going to
quit? We've only four cartridges left."
Mr. Depew took the hint. , He closed his
speech In four minutes.— Washington
Post.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Mrs. Mary O. Bond.
VALLEJO, Dec. 2S.-Mrs. Mary G. Bond,
one of most highly esteemed
repldents, died at hsr home on York street
this morning i from heart trouble. Mrs.
Bond came to Vallejo with her husband
In 1S52. and enjoyed the acquaintance of
a large circle of friends. Deceased was a
native of New Hampshire and 65 years
of age. She leaves two children/ Dr. Fred
Bond and Miss Lillian M. Bond. The
funeral will be held Monday afternoon
from Masonic Hall. The services will be
under the -auspices of Silver Star Chap
ter, Order of the Eastern Star, of which
Mrs. Bond was an active member.
... . — — ; — •
Suicide at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. Dec 29.— About mid
night to-night an old man named Miller,
whose first name has not yet been learned,
shot and killed himself In his room at 323
Tenth street. A man named Henry Roth,
who. roomed with Miller, says the latter
got up and shouted "There he Is! There
he is!" and when Roth asked him what
be meant he rcp^ed that he thought he
saw a man. The room was dark, and a
moment later Roth saw a flash and heard
a shot, and found that Miller, had shot
himself in the temple. , He died instantly.
Miller is thought to have been an old sol
dier, as he had spoken of a pension. He
rented the roam in the house and the
family knew little about him.
Grace church, Manhattan, • has received
the gift of a sun dial whose base is made
of two stone pinnacles of the church as
It wa6 built fifty years ago and removed
in the course of alterations. - Another his
toric feature of the church. is a drinking
fountain of white «tone placed in a recess
of the street railing in front of the chan
try: and still another Is a Roman Jar
which stands In the rectory garden be
fore Grace church. The Jar fs of .terra
cotta and was found while digging for
the rectory of " the church of St. Paul
within the walls of Rome. It was 'Riven
to Grace church in recognition of the help
of Grace parish in building the church of
St. Paul. «
INTERESTS TJbLK COAST.
Postal Changes, Pensions and Pat
ents Granted.
WASHINGTON". Dec. 23.— Postoffices
established: California — Dunbarton. Mon
terey County. Rosa M. Cook, Postmaster.
Washington— Judson, Franklin County.
Hattie Dean, Postmaster.
Postmasters commissioned: California
—Benjamin M. Watts. Newport; Martin
A. Jongenel. Trask.
Postmasters appointed: California— J.
A. Wright. Florence. Los Angeles County,
vice J. H. Dutcher, resigned.
Oregon— L.. L. Foster. G^iser, Baker
County, vice W. P. Ulman. resigned;
David Morgan, Looklngglass, Douglas
County, vice J. T. Goodman, resigned; F.
M. Dodson. Wslterville. Lane County,
vice J. \V. Shumate, removed.
Washington — Dougald McPreshon, Cape
Horn, Skanania County, vice G. S. Had
ley, resigned: R, M. Blake, Dungeness,
Clallam County, vice W. L. Church, re-
Tbe ' following postoSlces In California
will become domestic order offices on
January 2: Ballerat. Hobart Mills. Nojro.
Point Loma. Ydaloin. Richmond.
The Treasury Department has informed
the Collector at San Diego that certain
stone imported by E. S. Babcock for Cor
onado Island Is undoubtedly sandstone,
and when manufactured or undressed,
whether Imported in large blocks or small
pieces, is dutiable at twelve cents per
cubic foot.
Pensions Issued to-day: California!—
Original— Calvin Ashley, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles. JS; Hastln. B.* Butcher.
Klamathon. IS: Henry M. Ellis. French
Camp. J6: Theodore F. Wittsey. Xapa. J10;
Thomas Jerman. Ramona, ti: Frederick L
Barker. Santa Barbara, Ili Increase-
Francis O. Wyman. 8an Francisco, £S.
Oregon— Restoration and reissue— Levi
P. Adams, dead, Salem. tT2. Increase-
Silas R. Osborn. Portland, J10- Original
widows— Mary Adams; Bslem. CO. :
Washington — Original — James Jlaloy,
Ellensburg. $1 Original widow*—Mar
garet V. Slaurice. Spokane. $S-
Representative Loud and . Professor
Daly of San Jcse to-day Invited President
McKinley to visit that city when he goes
to the Pacific Coast next May. The Presi
dent expressed «• strong desire to visit
San Jose and expects to do so. the date to
b« determined later.
To Explore Venezuela.
An exploration mission." bound for Vene
zuela, with the avowed purpose of explor
ing districts of the great forests of the
lower Orinoco, has sailed from Bordeaux-
Paulliac. The mission is composed of Dr.
Lucien Morisse, Jt* head, and hi* wife, as
well as twelve or hers/ whc*e sppclnl stud
ies of profession eminently fit th»m to ac
complish the *nd In view. Dr." Morrisse Is
already known for the pucce?*ful fulfilling
of former miF?too* to the rame region. An
avant-garde of ihe ; mission ; left in Sep
tember last with a complete outfit for ex
ploration and scientific .ends.— Pari » Mes
senger.' " .
SHTJPI.OAD OF WIVES.
Young Women Brought From Hun-
gary for Pennsylvania Miners.
The old colonial scheme of bargaining
for wives has become popular among the
Hungarian residents of Schoe-nville. This
morning a score of bloominff damsels from
the fair plains of the Danube arrived in
Pittsburg and hurried at once to the new
settlement, where they will soon becom*
the better halves of as zriany lusty work
men employed in the pressed steel .car
works. The method of the Virginia plant
er* in purchasing a spouse for a few
pounds of tobacco will be followed In a
certain measure in Schoenvillle. Of
course, there will be no* open bartering
and money Is not likely to be exchanged,
but, nevertheless, the men who claim th»
hand* of the Hungarian maidens must be
able to «how that they »r» able to sup
port the brides who have Journeyed so far
to complete the conjugal happiness of tha
millmen. *
81nce the founding of the new town on
the hanks of the Ohio there- has been an
amazing dearth of marrlaKebl* women in
the community. American rlrls of the
Glbeon type, the tallor-maria variety of
thf> favorite »Mk>llne4 b«autles do not
meet with much favor In the eyes of
Schoer.vlll«. Tha woqld-b* bridtjrrootns
there are compelled to get up early and
work late, no that tn«r« U little oppor
tunity to go a-eourilnc beyond their own
neighborhood. Finally the n«w« of the
scarcity of eligible K 1rU In 8cho«nv!llA
drifted tayorid Him ¦«•*, It wa« a pleasant
duty for Cuplrt t« perform, and when he
whispered, the glad tiding* under the cot
tage window* on the far away plains of
Hungry, he wu greeted with many a
rapturou* •tfh, 'Pw*nty girls wert win
ing (a iUU the t«mr>e»u of an autumn
voyagra en the AtUntln to become the
brM*« M happy home* in America, and.
bunding thamxelVM together with Cupid,
ih*y C«m« tjvar under the lov« rod's ten
far car*, when tnoy reached their Jour
ney'i «nd this mnrnlnc the entire, popula
tion of tn« town wan on hand to receive
them. Two rncacrements had been &n
nounc^i before nnnn. and others will fol
ow In rftrtd Bueeisalon. Courtship* will
b« nhort in flchoanvlll*. and other maM
*n« m'tnrx wilt be Imported. A* rn«v.v t>«
niWjj.f-1, itii taak of having and hnl&nr
• wife In the new town la not one of »x
tr*to« ««u«, and the men who hare r-*<>n
nw<l» happy to-<5av will trett their wiv*s
w«ll.— Iittirminr Chronicle Tel«*rr*r^.
TACOMA CHANNEL
TO BE ENLAB6ED
Bottom Will Be Scraped by Immense
Dredger and the Tide Lands
Filled In.
TACOMA, Dec 29.— The greatest piece
of dredging ever undertaken in the North
west will be commenced next month by
the Puget Sound Bridge and Dredging
Company under contract with the North
ern Pacific Railway Company. As fast
as an immense dredger from San Fran
cisco can do it several hundred thousand
cubic yards of earth are to be scraped
from the bottom of the city channel
through the Tacoma tide flats and used In
filling in the tide lands on the far aide
of the channel. Two birds will thus be
killed with one stone.
The channel, which is now 100 feet wide.
will be widened to 625 feet, giving a depth
of twenty-five feet of water at low tide.
The channel is now lined on one side with
warehouses, including four wheat ware
houses built this summer,- having an ag
gregate length of 2300 feet. A heavy bulk
head is now being constructed on the op
posite- side of the channel to hold the
earth as it is deposited. Ac soon as ths
tidelands mre filled it. more wheat ware
houses and coal bunkers of 13,000 tons ca
pacity are to be constructed. The new
channel will permit the largest ships
coming to Puget Sound to load at the*e
warehouses and bunkers. A tog will leave
Port Townsend next week for San Fran
cisco to tow north, tha dredger to be uaeH
In this work.
Congress is expected to make an ap
propriation for further dredging In the
Tacoxna harbor, la this event the Gov
ernment work will consist of widening and
deepening the channel further toward tha
head of the bay.
•*Ye»." taid the author. **when I r«t
started writing a novel I do lose coniider
ab!e sleep over it."
••Oh. well." exclaimed the critic, who had
a neat way of disguising a bitter dosa cf
•arcasra under the BUfrar-coatlns d ap
parent flattery, "what's your loss Is your
readers' gain."— Catholic Standard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. Dec. 23.— John Allen, used 10,
was shot and fatally injured yesterday
afternoon by Harry Root, his playmate
of the same age. The Root boy received
a 22-caliber rifle for a Christmas present
and has spent most of his time practic
ing with it. since Tuesday morning. John
Allen was very much interested in the
new weapon and begged for permission
to go out and' see his friend use it. The
two boys, together with two other lads,
were allowed to po out to the outskirts
of the town near the reservation and
shoot at a mark. After politely permit
ting all the other boys to take a turn with
the new gun, Harry Root finally took it
up. lie was very proud of both the gun
and his own marksmanship. With great
nonchalance for a 10-year-old lad he load
ed the rifle and prepared to shoot. In
turning around toward the mark he point
ed the muzzle of the gun squarely toward
the Allen boy. "While it was still so point
ed the hammer caught in his sweater. In
stantly there was a report and the Allen
bey fell over at his playmates' feet. His
terribly frightened comrades realized that
he was seriously injured and one of them
ran for help while the other two re
mained by his side. After he had been
removed to his home, it was found that
the bullet had entered the abdomen and
cut the intestines in eight places before
it finally lodged In the muscles of the
back.
The boy is a son of Husrh Allen, a pio
neer and wealthy rancher, who ordered
that everything possible should be done
to save his life.
Drs. Cox and Howard were brought by
train from Everett to assist the local phy
plclans in operating on th<? boy. He was
kept on the operating table all of last
evening, but the most careful search
failed to locate the ball. Another attempt
will be made. The doctors have little
hope of his recovery, holding that the
chances are very slight considering the
frightful manner in which his vitals wer»
cut by the bullet.
Ten- Year-Old Boy Shoots Another
While Practicing With a Rifle
Given Him for Christ
mas.
FATALLY INJURES
HIS PLAYMATE
Special Di»p»tcli to The Call.
VALLEJO. Doc- 29.— Chief of Police
Stanford of this city has Inaugurated a
right against gambling in this city which
bids fair to stop, or at least abate. th«
evil in this vicinity. The chief's new plan
Is to arrest players of illegal games, and
in pursuance of this plan he has just
sworn to warrants charging thirty-one
citizens with violating the statute law
against gambling. Many attempts have
been made at different times to convict
persons running the games, but each time
offenders have got off with a fine. Of
late gambling has been running wide open
in Vallejo and games played which were
in direct 'violation of State laws.
Chief Stanford has been warring against
the gambling situation he-re ever since
he was installed in office. Some of the
cases in which he and the gamblers were
involved have been carried into the higher
courts. He said to-day when informed
that a large numbers of hangers-on at
these houses had left town that all those
for whom warrants had been Issued would
have to appear in court, and that he
would see that if any had left town they
would return. He is very determined In
the matter of suppressing gambling and
it seems that his plan win meet with suc
cess.
Chief of Police Stanford Swears to
Warrants Charging Violations
of the Anti-Gambling
Law.
VALLEJO DETERMINED
TO STOP GAMBLING
Sp-oi*l Dispatch to The Call
VANCOUVER. B. C. Dec 29.— The La
dies' Hockey Club ball, one of the swell
society events of the season, came to a
standstill last night very abruptly, and
now the whole city is ablaze with taik
of the sensation caused thereby. It was
all over the mysterious disappearance of
a handsome bouquet of carnations on
nhich a very high value had been placed.
Three days ago James Pont, manager
of the Vancouver Floral Company, re
ceived an order for a bouquet of carna
tions. He ransacked every conservatory
within a dozen miles, and" after a hard
day's work and the expenditure of much
coin obtained the required three dozen.
They were for the central decorations
at a wedding. Usually carnations are as
uncommon here on New Year's day as
enow In August. Pont placed them in a
cooling box and the next night they were
stolen. Early last evening he informed
the police. Three detectives commenced
to search the town for the missing blooms.
The theaters were watched and every
variety actress in the vaudeville shows
was itquired to prove that her decorative
Mowers were made of paper before she
was allowed to do her turn. FlnaJly, just
before trudnight. Pont and the detectives
took up a position, of vantage at the
Hockey Club ball at the Hotel Vancouver.
Soon Pont recognized his carnations, or
thought he did. floating around the ball
room pinned to the garb of Mrs. Herbert
Stofse. He was so certain that he walked
f oi ward in the midst of a quadrille, and
touching the lady on the shoulder, bade
her withdraw. She took no notice, and
then one of the detectives sallied across
the ballroom rloor with the result that the
dance was discontinued and the lady was
called upon to make an explanation. She
declared that the bouquet was sent by a
friend in Victoria, and indignantly 're
pudiated the suggestion of stealing.
To-day the whole police and detective
force was turned loo?e on the mysterv,
but to far no more light has been thrown
on it.
Bunch of Carnations TJisappears From
Florist's Shop and a Fair Dancer
Is Asked to Make an
explanation.
GOSSIPS' TONGUES WAGGING
Sensation at tlie Vancou
ver Hockey Club's
Ball.
SWELL FUNCTION
IS INTERRUPTED
BY A DETECTITE
GRANDPARENTS
ARE ACCUSED
OF KIDNAPING
Warrant Is Issued lor the
Arrest of Dr. and Mrs.
Wrigbt
WELL KNOWN IN SAN JOSS
Charged With Illegally Retaining
Custody cf Little Five- Year-
Old Fannie Marie
Campbell.
Sr*^i*l I>.*T»teh to Th« Oil!
PAN JOSE, rv-r 29.— Fannie Marie
Carcrb'Il. a little fiv«»-year-old girl, has
r**n kidr^Lped by her grandparents. Dr.
and Mr*. John Wright. ,This is the charge
ma4« by \V. H. Campbell, the baby's
father, and this afternoon he swore to
warrant? !n Justice Wallace's court
charging Dr. and Mrs. Wright with kid
napmg.
These charge? are the culmination of a
Jr>r«g >k - fight for irost-essicn of the child,
which commenced at the death of Camp-
N>Hs «:fe. three years ago. The mar
riage of Campbell to Wright's daughter
T»a* opposed by her parents. The young
c-.uple made ihelr home with the Wrights
at the'r residence "ou Eighth and Reed
streets. Shortly after Mrs. Campbell's
<3e&ih her parents drove Campbell from
ihe bouse, retaining po&sessicn of the
child and all its mother's effects.
Campbell demanded hie child and pos
session of certain valuables left by his
wife. This was refused. Dr. Wright then
• u?hed into court and applied for letters
• f guardianship of the cnild and its estate.
The matitr was heard in Judge Hyland's
court and letters grained to Dr. Wright,
the gT&ndfather.
Campbell, through Attorney Fred H.
Tiiomas. appealed UJ the Supreme Court
*nd on November IS a remittiture was re
<*>:ved reversing Judge Hyland's decision
and declaring tht> fathtr the natural
guardian of the child.
Dr. Wright and his wife had left the
Btate and t&ken the child to Roseburg.
Or. Two weeks ago the court ordered the
Wrights to return tat child here to pro-
Ouce htr in court yesterday. They came
to San Jcn«e on December 23 and Campbell
*'*s allowed to »«e the child the next
day.
The Wrights evidently knew they were
poing to Jose the custody of the child and
hurriedly left town Wtdneeday afternoon.
They tought tickets for Saa Francisco
rnd are now believed to be on their way
Ye*:<?rt!ay Campbell was granted guar
dianship of the eh;U by Judge Hyland.
The Wrights were not represented In court
and investigation showed they had taken
the chiid with them.
The Wrights are auite weaithy and the
child is the direct heir to their estate.
It is eaid they have both declared Camp
bell will never get the custody of hii
child.
The warrants charging the Wrights
with kidnaping have been placed ta the
h&zit cf Sheriff Lcr.gfcrd and he will
endeavor to apprehend the couple.
The object of these conferences Is to aid
the undergraduate to choose the profes
sion or career in life for which he is best
titted, and there is no exercise of the
entire convention which the students ap
preciate more than this. To-night the
'iuestion considered was "Principles. Hin
drances and Helps in the Choice of a Life
Work." the three parts of the subject
being presented respectively- by Mr. Leav
itt. Mr. Colton and Mr. Hibbard. The
points were forcibly and carefully drawn
and great interest was manifested by the
students.
the things that will occur in 'a man's
life to defeat the plan of God, presented
in a practical and at the same time schol
arly, style by the eminent San Francisco
divine. Rev. Dr. F. W. Clampett.
The athletic contests that are to be so
prominent a feature of this years con
vention will begin on Monday, and to-day
the recreation period was .spent in a sight
seeing jaunt to Old Monterey and Hotel
del Jklonte.
The Life Work Conferences, an Institu
tion peculiar to students' conferences,
were very successfully opened to-nipht.
E. T. COLTON. NEWLY ELECTED INTERNATIONAL COLLEGE SECRE
TARY OF THE YOUXG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION, WHO IS
PRESIDING AT THE CONFERENCE AT PACIFIC GROVE.
JURY BRIGS
IN A VERDICT
FOR SANTA ROSA
Peter Spring Condemnation
Suit Is Finally De^
END OF LONG LITIGATION
Municipality May Now Purchase
the Property at a Figure
Much Lower Than
* Asked.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
SAXTA ROSA. Dec ».— The jury in the
condemnation suit brought by the city
of Satita Rosa against the Fountain Wa
ter Company to obtain possession cf Peter
Spring this afternoon returned a decision
entirely in favor of the city. The suit
has been a long one and many witnesses
for iboth sides have be«n called, bealdes
a large number of depositions have been
read of persons living out of this county.
Peter Spring, together with tea acres of
land and a right-of-way from the county
road to the spring land, the possession of
which is the cause of this suit.
was formerly the property of Jesse Peter.
He sold it to Captain James McDonald
and others, who formed a corporation
under the above name, but never im
proved the spring nor the property
The city's waterworks and pumping
plant are but a short distance from this
much sought after spring, and have* not
supplied as much water as the city
authorities would like. They have tried
to purchase tha spring's property time and
again at some reasonable figure, but to
no avail, the Fountain Water corpora
tion's minimum price being $7o,000.
Judge Dougherty asked me jury to an
swer seven questions at issue. The first
was. "Is the use to which the land is
sought to be condemned a use authorized
by taw?" The Jury decided in the affirm
ative. The second Issue, "Is the taUng
of the land sought to be condemned nec
essary to supply the city of Santa Rosa
and its inhabitants with pure fresh wa
ter?" The jury answered "Tea." The
next issue. "What was the actual value
of the ten-acre tract of land described in
the complaint aod the water on and in the
game on the 14th day of March, 1900?"
The Jury's figures were H00 an acre or
$4000. The fourth Issue was, "What was
the actual value of strip of land twenty
feet wide and fifteen chains long, de
scribed in the complaint, on the Hth day
of March. 1200?" One hundred and ninety
dollars was the answer. The fifth issue.
"Is the land sought to be condemned lo
cated in a manner which will be most
compatible with the greatest public good
and the least private Injury? ' Answer.
"Yea." The sixth issue. "Is the property
sought to be condemned already applied
to public use?" An«wer, "No." Seventh
issue. "If answered in the affirmative, is
the use to which It is to-be applied a more
necessary use?" Affirmative.
Colonel J. W. Oates represented the de
fendant and City Attorney Marvin T.
Vaughan and Emmet Seawall were the
counsel for the city. There will in ail
probability be an appeal taken.
Special Di?pat:h ta Tb* Call
EISBEE. Arix.. Dec ».— At 8irrer
Creek, a construction camp on the lia» of
the Southwestern Railroad, about twenty
el?ht miles below Bisbee. a shooting 1 oc
curred Wednesday in which Jesse John
son, better known as Kelly, vu shot fif
teen tim«a by Clint Mitchell *2i Lous
Beset*
Johnson had attaispted to hold np
Mitchell's saloon and had that the bar
tender. John Roberts, twice through tno
hips when Mitchell and 6«n«t» appeared
with Winchesters and a double barrelei
shotgrun leaded with buckshot and tock
up the fight. Johnson fell at the firtt vol
ley tired and hi* friends on the outslda
sought cover and a general £gh£ took
place.
Mitchell and Ser.ete succeeded la hold-
Irsff the cow boy a at bay until reinforce
ments arrived, when tee cowboys left.
Two of the cowboys on the outside were
wounded, but were not brought to Bisbee.
Roberts was brought tnto BIsbee ca a
Iliter and lies in a precarious condition at
the Queen Hospital and Is not expected to
live. A large nutnb«r of cowboys hare
be-n seen going- in the direction of Silver
Creek ana more trouble is expected from
them. Justice of the Peace Wlliiarni, ae
eempanied by eight deputy Sheriff*, left
early this morning for :r.« sc«n* of the
shooting. " ¦-*-
One Han Is D«ad, Others Seriously
Injured, and a Contest Between
Opposing Factions
Feared.
HUNDRED OF SHOTS EXCHANGED
Cowboys Make Trouble at
an Arizona Construc
tion Camp.
KILLED WHILE
ATTEMPTING TO
ROB A SALOON
Students Organize and Listen to Stirring Addresse
by Dr. Clampett, E. T. Colton and Others.
PACIFIC GROVE, Dec. 29.— The
body of college men who arrived
in this city last night to attend
the sixth annual conference of
Pacific Coast Students began
work this morning with very marked en
thusiasm and interest. Although, the con
vrntion was formally opened last night
with an able address by Rev. Dr. Fred
erick W. Clampett. rector of Trinity Epis
copal Church. San Francisco, the body
was not thoroughly organized and the
working departments were not opened un
til to-day. The business of the day. there
fore, was of great Importance, beginning
at S o'clock with registration of those in
attendance and the opening of the mis
sionary institute. The attendance upon
this conference is so large that the man
agers find the cottages usually assigned
to the use of the students entirely Inade
quate for their accommodation, and the
delegates are therefore, in college par
lane*, "spilled over" into several of the
boarding-houses near the cottages. The
quiet little town has in consequence taken
on a breezy life that it rarely wears at
this season, and the exuberant spirits of
the college men is combining with th<r
crisp, frosty weather of the last few days
to wake up the Grovcites to an unaccus
tomed extent. The University of Califor
nia delegation— fifty strong— is practically
in possession of the situation, and from
present indications intends to hold the
balance of power.
George W. Leavitt of New York, travel
ing secretary of the Student Volunteer
movement in North America, is in charge
of the missionary department, and occu
pied the time of Us session this mornins
with a lecture that was in the nature
of an outline of the work to be done in
hifl department during the coming ten
days.
The next hour was devoted to a lec
ture upon the purpose of Bible study in
a college man's life, by C. V. Hibbard of
Chicago, and after presenting the main
point the speaker discussed in a general
manner the time, place and other environ
ments to be considered in carrying on a
successful Bible study class among col
lege men. Simultaneously with this lec
ture K. T. CoMon of New York, the newly
elected International college secretary of
the Young Men's Christian Association,
chairman of the present convention, ad
dressed the delegation chairmen on the
work of the college association.
The first of a series of platform ad
dresses that will be a leading feature of
the convention was delivered at 10 o'clock
this morning. It was a talk to men upon
SAID TO HAVE LED
A DOUBLE LIFE
» —
Sudden IMsapp«arance of L D. Sav-
age From Aberdeen Keeps
Tongues of Gossips Work
ing Overtime.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Dec. 29.— The recent eensa
tienal disappearance from Aberdeen,
Washington, of L. D. Savage, a steno
grapher of considerable prominence in
the Grays Harbor country, has been fol
lowed by still more spicy developments.
E\en-the sewln? circles have taken up the
matter and Savage is the subject of dis
cussion, while fancy work is forgotten.
Aberdeen Is divided Into two factions,
one claiming that Savage is a very bad
man; the other maintaining that he la a
victim of circumstances. Charges are pil
ing up against the missing stenographer
at the rate of two or three every day and
the latest makes him out a regular lady
killer. His entanglements appear to be
numerous and it Is claimed that he has a
real wife in San Francisco, whom he de
serted some time ago. Savage had been
supporting another woman In Aberdeen,
and when the news leaked out that he
had another home in San Francisco the
gossips lost all interest In the forgeries
charged against him. and commenced fig
uring that it was his domestic troubles
instead of financial matters that caused
him to get out of town on short notice.
It appears that his real wife, according
to the story which comes from Aberdeen,
got track "of him and notified him that
she longed for his society once more. She
felt that he longed to have her with him.
and on that account she would leave San
Francisco and join him.
Savage was not overjoyed at the pros
pect of having the wife and the other
woman meet In the same house. Without
waiting to argue the question he disap
peared. Then his cleverness with the pen
became known. So far the forgeries
charged against him have figured up $160.
It was his practice to issue checks and
ask people to hold them back. Some of
them he managed to redeem. The au
thorities are making a determined effort
to locate him, but so far have not met
with success.
CONFERENCE BEGINS ACTIVE
WORK AT PACIFIC GROVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER SO, 1900.
Lamps and Onyx Tables.
We have a splendid assortment of fin«
lamps and onyx table*. No other. Ha* s<>
srood for the money In the city. Bzcfcorn
Vail & Co.. lUMukM St. -
The; Challenge Explained— Read It. :
16
I MONDAY'S I
| SPECIAL VALUES |
I $1.25 Black Cheviot for 88c Yard. |
¦•_ A limited quantity purchased much below the import p r ice. Extra IS
5- heavy, 50 inches wide, wear guaranteed. N —•
I $4.00 Petticoats for $2 45 Each. |
8^ Pr>n't rnis« thc«e cood \-a1ue?: another one of our famous offerings.
tZl Made of the best mercerized Italian Cloth, with deep graduated ac-
•P^ c^rdion r'' a 'ted flounce, finished ruche bottom: in colors of Red.
Royal, Purp'.e, Heliotrope «od Black.
I 85c 23-Inch Black Swiss Taffeta 69c Yard, j
ete- Gosed cut by us from a larce manufacturer. It is a strong, durable
j~2 f n<^ lustrous Taffeta that we consider great value at 85c; fully 2.1
inches wide: Monday, 69c yard. -^
1 $750 Rainy-Day Skirts $4.95 Each |
yfc- The best looking and most perfect fitting skirt offered this season
Made of an exceptional qualitv Camel's Hair, in Blue and Gray; with ""¦•
»r '"' evtremely fashionable plaid back and tailor stitched bottom.
§; $6.75 French Flannel Waists $4 50. =|
c have sc'.ected some of our leading styles to be closed out to-mor- r3
¦J2 rnv. These were our best sellers, m.ide of fine French Flannel, su-
perior workmanship.
. ,
lljggig^ Watch Important Announcement **^^^^ .=3
< i ».
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
BEFORE DURING AFTER
ADVXBTISEMENTS.
R"fn <se Su bsi ilu'*.<
At Dru$*Uts Er ¦¦ mvhrr\
APVERTISTTMTPrrS.
Radway's
Pills
£*~-i*«yv .^i ta *r* >J *. ***W» •fe*.>catK>a ard
V*» ??• 'V* *LfO\ «*.**<$*«¦• ,•* t5» 9«oov*c!J.
\k**T, ,5'V^a M**»',%. fc»,*.iw>r. F*ct*;« It-
"r^rTsr'rf'-a, ¦?:*<•* p > **-M.">»k. v-- ;»« »*¦*»». Con-
to fefca. ¥tAl>TV.AY A 'C<X K«« Tat ,
A very singular and costly accident hap-
pened to, the: palling -ship Springfield,
which recently arrived at San Francisco
with a : cargo of Portland . cement from
London.- After, her long voyage around
the • Horn it was -. found that the cement
had become wet" In transit, cnusingr it to
run toRPther and : solidify in one adaman-
tine mass.; The 'only way to pet it out
was to quarry It. • ; -.-.-•
Wasting D.Jseasej^<dk
V/orld Famous Miriani Tonic
J^CV^W^ FOR BODY AND BRAIN
\&&£$<s'&&r^ '¦ --•¦¦» ISC'I, Zcdorstd br M?d!csl Prife^-'ca.
>Pimmpd?ate lastina efficacious agreeable
B. KATSCHINSKI, I
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. |
tO Third St., San Francisco. £•
THEY MUST
BE SOLD.
We Overbought.
We haTe S0Tn« besntlful QUT1.TED
FATIN JULIETS for ladle* on hand. In
Fied. Black and Old Gold, all flw«
lined and trimmed with Alaska Seal
Fur. The regular price ws» tt.OC. bur
we overbought our itix-k. and to c!tar
them out will Mil them at $1.15 a
pair.
Her* Is yoriT chance^ — I.ATIE? PAT-
ENT LEATHER OXTORD TIES. o«w
coin toes aa4 its*, tsrsed salts sad
ftsiriird Fr*nch fcet!*. Redaced to
9 1.95. Regular -«.¦>» HM. All «'.*:hi
and six**.
NOTTCr:-— TM» •i.T- wfn ctrw* at • ||
p m on »r* aft«r **auarr 1 l>-\ *cd li
will crr.trnw# ta ttr*t at ti»i pout. I
rRCtvtrrr> At*. cofER hhos li
riRSts vexxjt. rx> nus jumc our if
• rv-T» «».i r-< *•>•. .* ••r^"-:-:*.! If ti\«y B
Br4 *bt «we #«-»¦.•. -,-t* 51
HORNS SIVEMflEE WITH
EVERY PURCHASE OF i
SHOES, K
PKIUOtl>HIA SHOE GO.
13 MB ST, S» Frmclscii. [
ADVERTISEMENTS.Strikers Call Mass Meeting.
LOUISVILLE. Ky. Dec. 29.— The seven
teen hundred employes of the Continental
Tobacco Company, who struck yesterday,
are still out and there are no changes In
the situation. The company Is still work-
Ing, though not witii a full force. The
strikers to-day decided to hold: a mass
meeting on Monday night and draw up
their demand, which will be presented to
the company^on -Wednesday.
Mayor Humes Orders Ap
¦i pointment of i picial
Policemen.
WAR AGAINST
VICE IN SEATTLE
Sp~V.al Dispatch to Th* Call
SEATTLE, Wash., Deo. 29.— In responaa
to the demand of the committee from the
Chamber of Commerce, appointed at
Wednesday', meeting. Mayor Humes has
ordered Chief of Police Meredith to at
once enlist ten special policemen. Tb.9
new o fllcer s will be named and put oa
duty Monday.
In the conference between the Mayor
and the committee .very phase of the
really appalling local conditions was dis
cussed.. The committee insisted that the
business sense of the community could no
'longer tolerate the succession of highway
robberies, burglaries und similar crimes
and stated frankly that unless some check
was Interposed by the police the citizens'
would take the law into their own handa
The Mayor declared his willingness to do
all, in his power to remedy the evils and
blamed their existence to the amallne?.
of the police force, which, ne naid. he had
no power to permanently enlarge.
The committee pointed out, however
that many forms of vice were toleratei
and seemed to flourish under police pro
tection. Gambling Is carried on openiv
and in addition to those games recognized
as Ktraight nearly all the gambling
houses operate devices In . which the
player has not the 'least chnr.ee of win
ning. Lewd women -re permitted to fre
quent saloons both day and night with
the result that scores of robberl*. occur
In the private rooms of such resorts; th-i
southern part of the city and the water
front are infested tjy aJJ sorts oX •vll
DETROIT, Dec. 29. — Governor Pingree.
who was summoned to appear before the
Ingham County Circuit Court to-day to
answer to the charge ot contempt, as the
result of an Interview in which he at
tacked the court and Prosecuting At
torney, has refused to answer the sum
mons. He was cited to appear at 1
o'clock to-day, but at 11:30 the Governor
sent the following telegram to the court:
Af executive of the State of Michigan and
representing ons of the three Independent,
equal and co-ordinate divisions of ( the power
of fhe Government. I ajn constrained (mean
ing no disrespect to the Judlolal department)
to deny the authority- of the Judiciary In the
premUfs. ' • . f.
Were I, m chief executive of this State, dis
posed to recognize the authority of the judicial
department on this particular occasion the
official duties pressing upon me in the closing
hours of my ¦ administration would not permit
of my giving the matter attention.
, \ H. S. PIXGREE.
After he had given the telegram. Gov
ernor Pingree was asked whether he had
anything to say; In connection with his
action. .
"Not a word." he answered. "The pub
lic can read the telegram and draw its
own conclusions."- /.*
LANSING.-, »Uch., Dec. 29— When the
contempt I case against Governor Pingree
¦was called ,' by , Judge Wiener this after
noon; the courtroom was crowded. The
Judge read Governor Pingree's telegram
and said ; he . did * not understand : the case
was against. the Governor, but against. H.
S. Plngree.* the individual. > '"Judge -.Wisner
said he had no disposition 'to interfere
Refuses to Appear to Answer
for Alleged Contempt
of Court
PINGREE DEFIES
OFFENDED JUDGE
characters, known to the police, but who
are permitted at large except when de
tectfd In some actual violation of the law.
The character which the city has gained
abroad has constituted a standing- Invi
tation to crooks of all Kinds to come here
and ply their nefarious vocations. Noto
rious criminals, whose photographs and
records are In the possession of the- po
lice, are allowed to remain In town, whea
it is known that their presence can bode
no rood. Disorderly houses flourish and
multiply, the inmates being subjected
only occasionally to nominal fines. Cash
paylngr slot machines are part of th© fur
niture in every saloon and eltrar *tand
The variety theaters, wbieh ar» all situ
ated in basements, are thronged nightlr
with the lowest classes.
These matters, the committee pointed
out. were easily within police control, no
matter how small the force. Th« commit
tee arcrued that a change In the policy oi
the police would strike at the root of ail
the existing- evils and mrJka the city to
an extent uninhabitable by the criminal
classes and thus effect proportionate ces
sation of crime.
Mayor Humes met these argument*
with the statement tiiat whea re-electei
last spring he was known to favor a lib
eral policy of police administration.
Members of the committee to-dar ex
press dissatisfaction with the result of
the conference. The committee. It Is un
derstood, will ask the Chamber of Com
merce for further time. The various r_U-
Tloua and antl-llfjuor organizations are
preparing for a general meeting of clti
_ens to be held next week looking 1 to the
formation of a law and order leag-ue-
with the duties of the Governor and
would therefore continue the case until
January 9- In default of the Governor's
appearance at that time an attachment to
compel his attendance was Issued.
CARNEGIE COMPANY WTLI,
CONTINUE SAME WAGE SCALE
Jones & Laughlin Company Agrees
to Grant Its Unskilled Labor an
Advance of Ten Per Cent.
PITTSBURG, Dec. 29.— The employes of
the Oliver Mining Company. H. C. Prick
Coke Company, Carnegie Natural Gas
Company, TouRhiogheny Northern Rail
road, Union Railroad, Fittsburg Bessemer
and Lake Erie Railroad. Pittsburg ami
Connaught Dock, Union Supply Company
Pittsburg Limestone Company, MinKo
Coal Company, Youghiogheny Water
Company, Pleasant Water Company and
the Pittsburg Steamship Company, which
concerns form a portion of the Carnegie
Company, will, on January 2, be notified
that the same wages as paid this year
will be continued for one year more. The
company has also decided to make no
changes in the wages paid the workmen
in its steel and blast furnace plants.
The outlook for the coming year in this
particular, the Carnegie officials declare,
is at lea.«t as good as last year, bo that
the 14,00} employes will bpgin the new
century with bright prospects. The
American iron works of the Jones &
Laughlin Company ras already made a
wage agreement with the unskilled labor
ers by which a grant of 10 per cent ad
vance was made.
RELATIVE OF PRESIDENT
CARNOT DIES IN SQUALOR
Lived the Life of a Miser in a
Little Sb.oesb.op in ¦•
Illinois.
NEWMAN. 111., Dec. 23.-C. Carnot, a
relative of ex-President Carnot of
France, died in this city yester
day and was burled to-day. He
was a very eccentric character and lived
in his little shoe-shop alone for nearly
thirty years. lie lived the life of a miser,
accumulating considerable property. In
hi* shop was a large wooden chest and on
this chest he slept. It was impossible to
Induce him to leave the chest even during
his last sickness. The chest Is supposed
to contain a large amount of money and
will be broken open by the proper author
ities.
CLARK SAYS THE PLANS
ARE NOW COMPLETED
Los Angeles to San Bernardino
on the New Line.
Soon to Begin Laving Rails From
NEW YORK, Dec. ».— William A. Clark
of Montana, who has be«en in the East
completing financial plans for the pro
jected railroad from Salt Lake City to
Los Angeles, says: ?
"I am going ahead with the new road
from Salt Lake to Los Angeles. It will
cost J17.000.000 and the financial arrange
ments are all made. Completed surveys
to Salt Lake have been made and we
shall begin laying: rails from Los Anpelea
to Ban Bernardino soon."
KTTiL FLOCK OP KH HT f p,
Entire Band of Three Thousand Are
Driven Over a Precipice.
MILES CITY, Mont., Dec. 29.— A tele
phone message from Otter. Custer Coun
ty, says eleven men stampeded 3000 sheep,
killing the whole band. Th_ she*p be
longed to R. R, 8«Iway. the largest owner
In Eastern Montana, and were probably
driven off a precipice. There were range
troubles at Otter all the summer and
many her* look for further deeds of vio
lence. :. ,'
Big Store Threatened.
CHICAGO. Deo. 29.— A fire which for a
time threatened with destruction the re
tail store of Marshall Field & Co. was dis
covered In the white Roods and cloak re
pairing rooms shortly alter 7 o'clock this
morning. An alarm was turned ¦ in and
by hard work the fire was confined to the
third and fourth floors in the old Field
building on State' street. The fire appa
rently originated In the cable shaft of the
elevators. General Manager Selfridge es
timated the damage at not to exceed
S25,O0O, mostly by water.
"Will wreck More Saloons.
WICIJITA, Kans.. Dec. 29.— Mrs. Carrie
Nation, who smashed mirrors and pictures
In a saloon, has agreed . to accept bail
which the Women'* Christian Temperance
Union members are securing. She de
clares she only accepts her freedom that
she may prosecute her work of smashing
Faloons. She received fifty letters in to
day's mail.
HELENA. Dec. 29.— Harry Curno— , a saloon
keeper of Marysville. Richard Tremback
G<K>rge Richard and George Bedlieke, miners,
ar» under arrest, charged with stealing 1140
pounds of ore worth several thousand dollars
from Baia Butt* minjj.
FINANCIERS TO CONTROL
STEEL TUBE INDUSTRY
negotiations on Foot to Form a Com
bination With a CaniUl of
$150,OOO.OOO.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 25.— The Even
ing Bulletin to-day eaya: For the past
three weeks negotiations have been en
foot in Philadelphia looking toward the
control of the steel tube industry in the
T."nited States by organizing a combina
tion with over SlaO.OJj.QW. Everything has
b^en kept quiet and nothing has leaked
out, although the presence of big finan
ciers and iron and steel magnates in the
office of TV. TV. GIbbs. in this city, has
aroused various rumors.
Mr. Glbbs was noi at his ofnee to-day
ar.d it was stated he left for Pittsburgh
last nirht and would not return until
Monday. His secretary denied any kr.owi
€<3ire of the combination.
The Bulletin nevertheless has it from
reliable authority that the project is be
ing promoted and that W. W. Gibbp Is the
Trim* mover in the affair. The financial
<nd is beinp handled by Moore A Schley.
brokers, of N>w York. The syndicate has
Fw-iirrd th» exclusive license and Amer
ican patents to manufacture 5?e?l tubing
by a new English process, which reduces
the cost cf manufacture nearlv 50 per
cert.
EUE FOR MILLIONS.
Claimants to Case Estate Seek to Re-
cover Rich Property.
CLEVELAND. Dec. 29.— A Fult Involving
the ownership cf many mlilions of dol
lars' worth of property In thi« city and
for ft. 500 .000 damage? for being excluded
from the rente and profits of the same
was ccrnmenced to-day by claimants to
the estate of Leonard Case, who died in
1W). The defendants in the suit number
about five hundred. The plaintiffs, nine
in number, allege they are the rightful
heirs to the property. The basis of the
claims of th* claimants is that cousins
cannot become heirs to property against
a sifter, the Case rotate havine been left
to cousins of the deceased millionaire.
Pettlffrew Is Recovering:.
KANSAS CITY, Dtc. 23.-Frank VT. Pet
ttgTew, eon of Unitfvl States Senator Pet
tiprew of South Dakota, who was last
night assaulted In a local theater by an
u^her, had so far recovered to-day that
the hospital physicians stated he would
soon be able to resume his journey to
Phoenix. Ariz. It we.* at first thought
that Pettiprew'g check bone was fractured
and that an operation would be necespary
but careful examination to-day showed
that the bone had n<A been broken.
CASES AGAINST THEATER
PROPRIETORS DISMISSED
Dive-Keepers in Chicago's Downtown
District Fail in Their Betalia
tory Campaign.
CHICAGO, Dec. 29.— The cases against
Charles E. Kohl, one of the proprietors
of the Chicago Opera-house, and Man
ager Litt of McVlcker*s Theater, who
were arrested some time ago for keeping
their houses open on <5undav. were to
day dismissed by Justice Everett, who
held that so long as Sunday theaters did
not actually disturb the peace and good
order of society by creating a physical
disturbance there waa no violation of the
law in giving a Sunday performance.
The arrests grew out of the recent agi
tation against basement dives In the
downtown district, one of the alleged
dive-keepers affected swearing out the
v» arrants against the proprietors of the
theaters.
Six more Indictments against alleged
downtown dlve-keepere and owners of
disorderly houses were voted by the
Orand Jury to-day as a result of the in
vestigation being- made by that body into
charges of municipal corruption. After
receiving further Instructions from Judgo
Gibbons as to the lines to pursue In the
conduct of the Investigation, the Grand
Jury adjourned until Monday.
WILL BE NO PBOLONGED
CONTEST OVER ABMY BILL
Chairman of Senate Military Commit
tee Thinks the Measure Will
Be Passed.
WASmXGTOX, Dec 29.— Senator Haw
ley of Connecticut, chairman of the
Military Committee of tne Senate, had a
talk with the President to-day about the
situation of the army bill in the upper
house. The Senator told the President he
did not anticipate a prolonged contest in
the Senate. He will go ahead with the
bill as Eoon as the Senate reconvenes on
Thursday, and unless undue opposition
develops will not ask the friends of the
ship subsidy to give priority to his meas
ure. He is of the opinion now that the
time before the expiration of the morn
ing hour each day will suffice to dispose
of the bill and send it to conference, but
If the unexpected should happen he may
be forced to contest the right of way with
the shipping bill. The Senator expressed
confidence that there would be no filibus
ter against the army bill.
•_ .
INTERNATIONAL EXHIBIT.
Germany Invites Nations to Send
Fire Apparatus.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 29.— The United
State* has been invited, through the Ger
man Embassador at Washington, to take
part in the International exposition of
tir^-preventlng and f»rp-savlng arms to be
held in Berlin during June and Julv next
in commemoration of the fiftieth anni
versary of the org^inization of the Berila
fire brigade. Cordial invitations are ex
tended to municipal authorities, fire
brigade associations, national unions,
manufacturers, mlllnwners and interested
parties of every country to compete and
to promote the object in view by the ex
hibition of suitable apparatus.
Kearsarge at Pensaeola.
PENSACOLA, Fla., Dec. 23.— The flajr
ship Kearsarge and the battleship Mas
sachusetts of the Xorth Atlantic squad
ron. Rrar Admiral Farquhar in command,
crossed the bar and entered Pensaeola
harbor at noon to-day. An admiral's sa
lute was flred from Fort Barrancas. Other
vessels of the fleet are expected inside of
a week.
FUSION PLAN
IS ABANDONED
Middle-of-the-Road Populists
Vote to Quit the
Democracy.
National Committee and Other lead
ers Vote to Continue the Fight
Independently of the
Other Parties. . .
ST. LOUI8, Dec. 23.— Members of the
Middle-of-the-road Populists' National
Committee and other leaders in various
reform movements debated all of to-day
at the St. James Hotel over the advisa
bility of forming a combination with the
Social Democratic and Union Reform par
ties.
The tenor of the speeches made by the
committeemen was practically unanimous
in opposition to the plan and in favor of
carrying on the work of the Populist par
ty strictly along its own lines, it was de
cided to issue an address Betting forth In
detail the views of the committee.
About ninety members of the national
committee were present in person or by
proxy. Neither Wharton Barker nor, Ig
natius Donnelly was here. The latter is
sick. Among those present were: Jo A.
Parker. Thomas J. Reed and J. D. John
son of Kentucky; W. S. Morgan of Arkan
sas, Colonel Frank Burkett of Mississippi,
Tom P. Pease of South Dakota, A. C.
Vantine and Joseph H. Ferris of Illinois,
J. H. Hillis of Missouri. Colonel J. 8. Fel
ter of Illinois. Colonel Thomas Wads
worth of Indiana and Miss Clara Williams
of West Plains, Mo. A representative of
the Socialist party was present in the per
son of Professor George D. Herron of
Grinnell. Iowa.
Cbairman Parker In an address Bald
that he believed In divorcement from botu
the old parties, and declared that the fight
should be carried forward without any
compromising. Mr. Parker said he haa
issued the call to representatives of all
branches of the Populist party, but that
the fusionlsts had ignored it entirely. The
time was ripe, be «aid. for a great polit
iccl battle, and he desired to ask the rep
resentatives of other reform movements
to stand with the middle-of-the-roaders
and make the principles of the latter
theirs.
Professor George D. Herron of Grinnell,
Iowa, who had been Invited to be present,
was asked to address the gathering on
socialism. He said that the reason Bryan
was not elected was because he was not
a radical man— that he represented eight
eenth century philosophy and was pro
foundly ignorant of mankind and of the
present political needs. Before the last
election a strangre condition of af
fairs existed. One-third of the
voters, the speaker declared, .were not
sure hew they would vote. They were not
in sympathy -»lth the Republican party,
and in their extremity saw no refuge in
the platfoim laid down by the Democrats.
The result was they did the best they
could. These voters are now waiting for
a definite, clear-cut, radical programme of
reform to be presented to them, and this
they will uphold. The real issue In Amer
ica. Professor Herron said, is a clear-cut
conflict between industrial democracy and
capitalism, or the old political absolutism
brought down to date. There Is no middle
ground.
Representatives of the different reform
movements present were listened to in the
presentation of what in their opinion was
necessary to bring about the reforms
needed.
KANSAS CITY, Dec 23.— Three woman
held up by highwaymen, one of whom is
dying from injuries received; a girl at
tacked by an acid-thrower and another
girl assaulted is the record of crime In
the two Kansas Citys for the past few
boars.
At noon to-day a white man enticed
Ethel Campbell, the eight-y ear-old daugh
ter of a former Deputy Marshal, from her
home in the east bottoms and before mak
ing his escape nearly choked her to death
to prevent an outcry beingr made. The
jrirl. half conscious, vras found by a fish
crman in a desolate place near the river
and taken to the City Physician's office.
There she recovered sufficiently to give a
description of her assailant. A volunteer
posse searched the bottoms thoroughly all
afternoon, determined to lynch the man
if he couid be found. At nightfall he had
not been captured. The girl will recover.
In Edgerton, a suburb of Kansas City,
Kans., a woman clad in black threw car
bolic acid upon fourteen-year-old Eleanor
Hare's face, severely burning her cheeks
and forehead. No cause for the assault is
apparent and no clew to the woman has
been found.
"Within a few days three women hav«
been held up on this side of the river and
attacked by highwaymen. One of the vic
tim?. Mrs. Mary Bolder, is In the hospital
with a broken skull. She is unconscious
and cannot recover.
Volunteer Posse Intent on a Iiynch
ing Searches in Vain for the
Assailant of an Eight-
Year-Old GirL
Footpads Rob Three Women
and One Will Succumb
to Her Injuries.
CRIME EPIDEMIC
IN KANSAS CITY
DETROIT. Mich.. Dec 2*.— The Ameri
can Economic Association concluded its
sessions io-day. The tirst paper of the
day was that of Dr. Thorstein Veblen of
Chicago on ••Industrial and Pecuniary Oc
cupations." "The Next Decade in Eco
nomic Theory," a paper by Professor
Frank A. Ketter of the LeUmd Stanford
University, was also read. Professor Fet
ter essayed to forecast from present ten
dencies and current theories tne direction
cf further development in the mure ab
stract branch of economics. The years
tixtcc 1&«, he said, belonged to the utility
discussion and to the marginal theories
vi value built thereon. The marginal
principle as a device of explanation and
as a. mode oi tnought has become indis
pensable. The old cost of production the
ory i» discredited. Aa a result such fun
damental concepts as those of capital and
interest, land and rent need re-examina
tion.
The. speaker critically reviewed the de
velopment of these concepts in economic
theory, tracing the influence upon them
of .:..-.¦ fe-_- in industrial conditions and
concluded that:
1. The labor theory of value must be
thrown aside and the traditional division
of factors of production must be aban
doned as illogical.
2. The doctrines of rent and interest as
currently taught are hopelessly entangr'.ed
in these old and illogical distinctions.
Rent end interest ehould be regarded as
different modes of calculating the returns
to material goods, not as returns to dif
ferent agents in production or as different
k:nds of return.
S. The concept of capital must be given,
an importance in economic theory ade
quate to the dominant place of capitalis
tic enterprise in present industrial affairs.
and b« redefined so as to correspond more
closely with commercial usage and the
needs of practical discussion.
The report of the committee on uniform
municipal accounts and statistics was
read by M. K. Baker, chairman of the
committee.
The election of oSieers resulted in the
reelection of Richard T. Ely as president;
Professor Marburg of Baltimore, first vice
president: F. N. "Taylor cf th<? University
of Michigan, second vice president: John
C. Schwab of Tale, third vice president.;
Charlfi H. Hull of Ithaca, secretary and
It was decided to leave the matter of the
selection of the next moetlnp place tr> the
executive and a preference was expressed
In favor of Washington at Christmas
time, one year hence.
Professor Prank A. Petter of Stan
ford Essays a Forecast From
Present Tendencies and
Current Theories.
American Association Closes
Its Annual Session in
NEW OFFICERS
FOR ECONOMISTS
THTSSAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1900.
New. Year Cards.
We have a fine assortment of New Tear
Cards. ; Calendars. Diaries and Dally Jour
nals. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 JIarket St. •
ASKS FOB PARCEL POST.
Lord Pauncefote Confers With As-
sistant Postmaster General.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 29.— Lord Paunee
fote. the British Emba.«*ador, had a con
ference with the Second Assistant Post
master General to-day upon the estab
lishment of a parcels post convention with
Great Britain. Th# convention established
with Germany has been largely experi
mental and the department is Mllectln*
data upon Its operation during th* pas*
year In order to determine whether or not
it Is desirable to establish parcels post
conventions with th*» larger European
countries. These reports will probably b*a
ccm^.tsd a£«u£ __._ middU of Jaauaiy.
MARK TWAIN WANTED
HIS "GREETING" BACK
Said His Words to the B«d Cross
Made Him Feel Like a Circus
Poster in a Graveyard.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— Among the many
greetings to the new century which were
received by the Red Cross Society, to be
read at Its chain of watch meetings, waa
one sent by Mark Twain. After sending
It he grot it into his head that the Red
Cross scheme was not. Just what it was
cracked up to be, and that the alleged
greetings were largely mythical. 80 a
few days ago he wrote to the management
of the enterprise:
"The list thus far Issued by you contains
only vague generalities rnd one definite
name, mine— 'Some Kings and Queens and
Mark Twain.' Now. I am. not enjoying
this sparkling solitude and distinction,
¦which has not been authorized by me, and
which makes me feel like a circus poster
in a graveyard, or like any other adver
tisement improperly, placed."
He added that unless the Red Cross
manager' would send, him for publication
a complete list of contributors he wanted
his "Greeting" back. ¦ Manager F. D. Hlg
bee explained that to* publish names at
that .time would hurt the scheme, so : he
returned the "Greeting:" with regret.
17
ADVEBTTSE-IENTS.
.
Why the Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow
Beneath the Sun— IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St. Jameg Treatment
Applied Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts. "-?;¦:
Uosj briefly. If you OlrlCtlire
cut _a artery In I* U _ay>. without pain. Injury or teeen-
BOt _i_J* k * 'n 1 *"*?-' night and act whiU you »leep. "O'-an-
RJ^^f 'ki* J! taP vnr Solvent" remove, every ./mptom^f
Kb iopat' a°p stric l ure - leavlo f cknUaj healthy
pnrATMv8 si^" f.T,^5.^ a i ure conned It. NO BRUTAL
thral fluct. beeom« ARA^E. SO INTERNAL _>RUGGINO
SS p|
must pa«_ through the \faw-l*^.~~.1~.
•tomaco an- urine before it reaches tKe T-iriCOC€lG.
seat of dl-eas*. The seminal ducts project Varleoeele U an tepiimiii.H»« -# .i n .
Into th« urethnJ canal throufh th« Pros- tf»h blood inthe vtini ™S »h. _£««£«"
tat. Gland, and are easily reached by LO- Sue .olely to taoerrec? Hri^i»ti«n -^
CAL TREATMENT. The St. /am«« treat- has it. origU ta 1 dl..«r«^.fnM
«.nt 1. prepared In the form of cravon.. Pro.ute OIm. . OperatRSi^ in Mm fl-
v»ry narrow, smooth, flexible and wholly ea.e are only temDorkrv • «« S..
soluble, which are Inserted Int. th« wat/r chanical deAce y.Td^*ovired haS cuTed
pasa&re at r.lrht. whrre tb«y cusuiv* » e tn K i. cgi«. Gnn-Bolve-t hHu [h_
-trena-th «pon th_ Varicocele disappears and the sluggish
Prostate Oland, 1011 u r * pIa^ by pur *- htfLlthr '
Ccrtractln* and strengthening the duets, 19.8<« men itrictnred. weak, wastlnr and
FOREVER STOPriNO drains, and emli«- despondent wer« cured and restored bv
¦tons, and curing while the patient sleeps, the St. James method I la"? y.ar A va^t
_I>r. Carter'0 "Gran-Solvent" soluble army of men In whom the llVht of iif.
Bougie, win <ll« a ive. digest and lorev^r ha. p.netr.t«« the tZtul n Igbtmar. .1
r«ai«v. urethraJ strtctuf and seminal decay.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Bpa-e* will not permit a complete description of the incompar- wn »ra_ — »^_a
Eble i-t. Jarr,»>8 treatment Jn urethal di5:ea.s<«. Kv<tj' puffprf-r y"^ M ll^ H^
from Strict uro and its offspring. Prostatiti? and Seminal Weak- ¦ O n ti M
r,p»-, fdr;M>i v r::p to ihe St. James Association. N. W. cor. Fifth Ka stEs R- VSi
end Elm ttrecta. Cincinnati, Ohio, for their Illustrated fir" tf%l H^
work fhowirj? ihi» parts of th* human system Involved in urethal, Q E; w n S
Ei!m**nts. which they will srn<1 securely wr.i]'t <A <1 In plain pack- M M 5 ML|« B— »
HOME TPPATMPNT CA3C ¦¦ p 15^ 0 ** ihb patism as sues
Ill^JTlC I KCA lillCn I CttfSrULLT ±H B¥ OURSKLVK4.
St. James Assn., 250, Elm St.. Cincinnati, O.
~^~~~JE!EL^EJ^J'^ OrM ' 1 '¦¦* THE EMPOBTOTBL ; 1 THE : EMPOBimi. | THE E3_T0Bni_fl_
************ * * *********** ************** *********** ************ ************ * * ************** * * ***********
i This store will be closed to-morrow night (New Year's Eve). jj
| For Last Day of the Nineteenth Century I
J The Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar— California's largest, America's grandest shopping place— an- S
jf nounces several interesting money-saving trade opportunities that should make this last day of the year and the 5
5, century a fitting close to the most prosperous year's business ever consummated by the big store. %
I $1.00 and $1.25 Kid Gloves for 79c. SilKs at One-Third Off. \
j. An attractive offering for Monday only — -two lots of Ladies* Gloves, of A large assortment of choice SUk Remnants, resulting from the Urcly lellinj of the past few £
J which we have all sizes: weeki, will be offered on Monday only at one-thlrd off marked pricts. The lot consists of ''
5 Udies' Glace Kid Gloves, with two patent fiistener. and fine enfbroWered backs, In n(\~ 1^. P^» and plain Taffetas, plain black and fancy gn* grains, printed India* and *«
**. black, brown?, tans, modes, grays and white; rtgularly 1 1. oo a pair— oa Monday only fVC ***—"¦; Bengalines, Ducbeoe, etc., etc.i m lengths ranging from I to 6 yean, raltable for <*
| g Ladies' Glove,, with 4 Urge hook, (F.KteT stylej^lack, browns, un, and modesj re t - 1Q/% **.- ' J
, jf ular price |i. 25 a pair— on Monday only /7C . % - ,• , „ -- 5
Jt : c ¦ - c . __ — ipi — , . /^J\ Ladies' Rubbers 33c |
Ij Special Sale Fancy Underskirts. (^^ X N^_ on Monday. i
• 5 && To-Morrow (Monday) Only — at an Aver- V"^^, Ab«t neo pain «f _*_«• 5OC storm Rabt-n, m_da aa the 5
** KW fltfe Of Hal! DrfCC *^ > «s»_«»- s -* : *^'^ pew»hape»— «n tpecial »ale Monday only, per pair... 3 *»_ £
! *' Fine McrccrizccI Sateen Underskirt — All kinds of ; ___J __ .J
X rT r *\\ styles and materials, all colors and black. This sale is Nf*W Vi^TIl*'^ Pi 1Y*r% fcllTTIrtC? ir\r» Ma« •'
; $ /feC for to-morrow only, until closing time to-morrow night. c „ n l^ W iCar.S FUrniSningS IOr Men. *
¦ I ¦¦#! $'.7S,$ 1 .oo,| 1 .a 5 Undcnk-rt,| 4 .oc,$4.50.j55.ooUnder,kirt 1 Fu » D «» Shirt, -With patent flap, to ke^> th. b«ora frorn breaking, each CA 3
: tt )ivi''''v/il>Q . cut to 98c cut to. $2.45 r»"'^'. •pl»hJ\J «J
V _ftS^/' i ;«S 1 \" <*-So. **-7S, J3.00 Undenlcirti Dress GIovcj— Pearl «r whhe kid, best qnaHr,-, pair .... tf«< -i*v jj
' h' ;jI fi1^A CUtt ° $l ' 48 and <6 -°° S;lk Moreen -pl.-JV/ fS^C^^fafc fl
K t«_H§_t^rWi^. 13-°°. <3- 5°, Underskirt) Under 3 kiiU cut to. $3.25 White Tics— Bat Ties, Clnb Tie« and Band Bows, ia jj/A <)P ; »1 *2
• *S^^^^^^ CUtt ° ....$1.98 " 50ci in laxcn .'___>C 'j^^St *
': J? '^^^^^^^ $20.00 Tailor Dresses $13.50 — Assorted lot of splendid Linen Collars— B«t maket In all new shapes, 3 for. CHf* l^sjfl^ "«t
, Tailor Dres e»— all-woo', covcrtt and home puns in latest ryles— • i DvC fSj/jp I >S 2
J _' perfectly made, finely lined, all tites; regularly tfi^J Qf\ Link Cuffs — Double or single, from best maken only, pair. . <5g I hj^~^1 \ I V «
1 O <io.oo — to-motrow only _pl«S._)l/ --DC / [M. I'A I rxt M
tk # . ~ --—_—---_-____ ______ Fancy Hosiery — A large anortmrnt of new designs from Cf\—. / (/ >|BbiV tt
(| Fine filankcts Very Low Priced. 1tt?;;Jrz 1 9^SL !
; \V Our "Emporium" Blankets are carefully made from best Oregon and sted yarn, In bhie or flesh color; these handsome, tf»^ pa
. • California wools, firm in- fabric and in. every way worthy of recommendation. to " n - fiKi "S garments, each >j
Jtf These are exceptional B'ankct values. F-ncySuspe-dcrs— Handsomely embroidered C*4 f\ f\ ffi CA - n J CO AA '*
g White BlanHefs-Best grade, fine white wool B'anket, weight, guaranteed; 4 lb.., $3.95 a par- . ™ SUk ' \ V, jl.DlJ anQ $£ .UU «
; _> 5 lbs., $4.95; 6 lbs., $5.95; 7 lbs , $6 95 Fanc y Suspenders — With siik webbing and heavy sterling sil»er fl«-j *%Q f^v C7 AA ,«
. j * F ne E<st?rn Bankets— Cotton m«ed warp, size 70x8*4" inches',' 5^ lbs weight' VairV.'.V.$3!oO mou na n ?»» P*» ' _pl.___> IO _p4l.UU -»
i i i Fil l e - Sc* y C ! Iif ° r " ?a Blankets — Nice light silver shade, clean wool, a special value, 5 IbV. weight, Partridge Slicks— The latest novelty in men's cane, the kind most in demand by good iresen, '5
, Hf $3.95 a pair; 6 lb $4.95 these neatly trimmed b silver, each C*t f\f\ x C*~> 1\f\ S
. jr Comforters— Full r«, good white filling, heavy weight, an excellent v»l'ue,"tf«^ -t£ '. ' * '. " _pl.UU IO -PO.UU j»
Glassware, etc., for New Year's. ! |
. j Jf German Eiderdown — Wrapper and waist sty'es, including the new and ••—» (f* "** 1 *^. Tom tnd Jerry Set— Gold band china, large bowl and ** 5
\ popular dot effects, p:r yard " 15C P& : J nrep»khth« words "Tom and jerry" on tfi \ r\C\. a
J r r r J • * wr * r fj^ss&gssse^ . " ch > the Ki _pfi»V V X
¦\K Rplfs: Cfimh5_ H/\^<« ¥5*^ eS^kk^^ evr^A^^) CI * ret or C^mp^S"* Glasses— Pretty, thin rtA X
, I s o^ii^> V/U111IJ3, iiixsc _3vpporicrs, Jctc. Wown^^ bana * u * es «» >er «-»en..... yuc -*
j $ Here are some pretty New Year's gifts on sale in Notion Department left ™U___lf9 rfafrLl Claret or Lmona<Jt 5ti ~ Fice "*^6oa cut film, tiender 2f
!l*f of m -in entrance. " * *«-»^a_i shape pitcher, 6 glasses with handles :o match CJ-j * A «J
I J Udizs' Btlts-Many new style,, an unrivaled assortment, each 25c to $5 50 „ £ '^£^ri^ T "^-"V P^' 5
| jf Ladies' Real Shell and Imitation Sheli and Rhinestone Hair Ornaments,' each." * ' " 23c to $15 00 ° r ' Bowl- New oval shape, imitation cut glaa, Urga s,~, each -JA *
( j? Ladies' Hose Supporters— "Hookon" belt and side, pair '/.' '. .25c to *l!25 -JVC
: j * -----___-______ _ f . S a | a J or | ce Cream Set— Decorated china, jo'.d and flower decorations, a talad dish C* *\ n A "5
M From the Clothing Department. P|Pp§£^^
I \K?jy Wh y not treat younelf to a new Tuxedo or Full Dress 1 n' T' V *
1 j XfJr Suit# if you are goin 2 to attend on e of Fine Cut GIa$I Fruit Bowl ~ Very btc$t cumns c h 7c :5
''if the many New Year's Eve parties' to- ((^^^ $*±»tD 'x
\K 1WJS&\ ni S ht or dinncrs to-morrow. W c caa Jp&XW n * • T\a» -niii-i 2
i )W\\ fityou perfectly in, full dress garments, ffi$Z - CUrtainS POrtlCFCS TaWC COVCFS. S
«f (¦4l\ iy~\ r T* adC ° f thc c . orrcct materials, at less Jri@3r*?\ Nottingham Lace Curtains— In handsome designs, foil size, pair. $3.00 X
X \{ , ¦**£; tnan " a " the price that a mirchant tailor / \\^ [\ Nottingham Lace Curtains — Buttonhole edge, the kind that wear, pair. ... '.'. *»****"** $3.75 •*
,' J^ X*, /—-•' y/ would charge you. /I I \ Irish Point Lace Curtains — Wide border, exquisite work, pair !]!i$650 "2
i' \ I Boys 1 Vestee Suit.-All-wool ch/viots and N I W a?rStTy Z M ' S? ™~ * ,.>? **??* *! L? f dinin «- room uh: "» ««-....!!" IV." '. '.'..'.'$2 J5 3»
** \ cawmere-, in nary blue and assorted mixture \j R/ TaF^T Couch Covers—Wide and heavy fringe, each $5.00 -J
A ,'\^ handsome single or double breaited silk vests —^ fi V "¦ peStT> ' PortIeTCS — 2"> ht > '» ini^ and co>onn P unexcelled, pair $5.00 *,
I 01 B fo>EO . IM 'r:.'" h :-.::::$5.0d O^ Men's Shoes $3.50- ~ \
' £ W W BCyS Sa ' iOr 5UU ' A r ?* cial Iot of a!t-woo[ !&%*$$ T3 ? -T 1 "5
ii MW s '-^ Sf*"tTS_S^_t ¦. II Extra Valves. . 1^, I
! *' *^ ** «"« tot ages 3 to io yean, «!•<% An iffl fcj| P-ttnt Leather Dress Shces — Maie on the new bn!Ho 5 V^^^vWV ]j
j j^ each ' _p_w,V_) Vm EH tos > dal1 XO V % > Goodyrar welt soles} a tf 5 Cf\ N —^w'vr^^^S-^ Y\C*~f* X
j I( Boys' Overcoats— Of all-wool tan covert doth, we'd made, perfect M M dressy, serviceable shoe— pair. *pO»D\J «-f^r^J\L /v^*_^IJy / *
}* fitting, jifes forages 3 tj io yean, each..,. C? OC 5 -* Box Calf Lace Shoej— With extension ¦ soles, made on the • 1 o\ j 5
j V _P«3. 7 D fpr^ ncw bulldog toe, Gaodyear welt soles, an etcellent I \o\\ 4_f»>w ""*
j *C ---___---______________ wet weather shoe, every pair guaranteed. .. 9^3 r/\ &w j^_Py. >4?*J_rS_; 5
I 1 Ladies' Underwear and Hosiery. i
j| Ladies' heavv cotton Vest, and Panrs-neece Iin eJ> n ic,, y n ni;h ed and tHmmed, nltural color, r^. Nj^^ £
! f Ladies' unshrinkable wool mixed' Vests and" Pants, ' Vests" io'n'g' sleevVs,' Panis 'Frwch'yoke ba"s 1^""11 J
j^ colors natural and white, per garment n^ ¦¦ . Jt
jf Ladies^wool Equestrian Tights- An!de length,' ope"nVFerftct'nV, 'b'aclc onlvVeac'hV.\V.' ' ' $1,25 'N_>W YC3r\ firnCi^rft*^ Tf/1I7nr»- rT/t-»T»C '1
j Ladles extra fine unshnnkable cashmere wool mixed V«t, and Pants, jersVy fitting c^ors pi«l:, W * tC41 UCCriC_», L.iqV0r5, ClgOrS. J
g p " i - m " i "' sa Ii Pi^^il iliifli S i
,JC Child-en's Vests, Pant, and Boys' Drawtrs-Extra heavy', fleeced iin=n' cotton, patent' finished j( >S tt^Sw &*¥%'*% Bourbon Whisk.y- FuU .juarVd'cmnohns'.'.SSe S
|S seams, mtualco.or, sizes 1 8 to 34, per garment... 25c / «0» lU I I S a\ a 8 t- \i C White Wine— Good taWe quality, gaUon 50c5
K a^%* SC " 00! H0 "~ MaCO COt ° n ' "' » bb^. kneei h^i and wlV,V»«' 6 to'i^, ft** A S^^Zl^'^l Table Oaret-Excellent for the price, gallon .. g
$ Lhle Thread Extracted" Polka Dot Ho^l-WaWa'n'ted 'fUt colors", "black 'and ' wh^^l ¦ Da t«' ! F^d H,;« 'xl'^l ?Or * Of She'rr^" Wine'-FaU ',uaA»7. '. ". '. ". \ .\i. S
K red and wh,te,,,ze. stopper pair.. ; 25c Dates-Best Fard Dates, lb,. 2c Sauternt-Good quality, gaUon. 75c *
g a wPe " U ;i nn .Vi'"L" i V' e ! c Zinfandel-Gool qualir/, gallon . 75c'?
* Little-Drieed Nntfnnc fni* Mnnri^r Jesse Moc«AAWhlskey f botde.._5c Stont-H-rfc.-. « wte. Label, _____.'; jiio |
$ o k w , « T , INOUOnS IOr inonaay. Special Saio of Cigars in Holiday Boxes. §
S"?!,™^- fc'i *i " 8> ora . cards - 2t f--5c Fancy Needle Books-assoited....^ to $1.00 25 Good Cigari in attnetire Holiday bo,, 50 Choice Cifars in an attracrJTe Holdar 5
S n nf rT^T^r"'- 5 '* 0 ? 50 "am Har Pin^-per do«n 10c to 50c regularly $1. 65, 0. Monday ClOf. h^fShT price |- l> Se Tn Montr 5
StOCkC3llirF0unladon ( Wa - n )-« ch -^ toclosebaance'o'f ,tock.....: J1.Z0 S«S :«lTfcw %1J3S X
*£ Dr. Hollcm's Shoulder Braces — pair 50c K^fi wSj^**^^ «3_.fi"_tf8 Kaffll Gain, e"c. \J
| P F ©o_d«n1tuleBa_.au-r. y i |£°iiii^^ $
K Gold Sp 1 kes-as S orteds,«-e,ch..5c to $1.50 CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE lie, Lillian Rn«er, etc. .«enters' the new, era' with enough of ; prosperity to give her courage; but not
enough to make her over confident; consequently she will start the century with neither a swelled
head nor cold feet. .
In making your New ; Year's resolutions be careful not to swear off for the coming cen
tury; a years trial is enough to test even the best experiment.
The California Limited
On the Santa F© starts for Chicago Toeaday
morning. January 1st, at nino o'clock, and
will leave daily thereafter at earns hour. It
will b« a duplicate of the Limited of last sea
son, except that entirely new equipment has
b«en provided. Tha Pullman Sleepers «a.eh
contain ten sections and two drawing rooms.
The Observation Car. with its wide plate glass
windows, affords ' unobstructed views of th*
surrounding country. All meals en routs ar*
served tn new Dining Cars, under th« man
agement of Mr. Fred Harvey. This sumptuous
train runs . from San Francisco to Chicago la
75 hours. O«t a handsome Folder describing
it fully, at Santa Fe Office. Ml Market strvat.
A MATTER OF TIME AND DISTANCE
— M. C. J.. City. A note given on the first
day of January, 1S00, payable in ten years,
will run the full ten years before it be
comes due, consequently it will not ma
ture until January 1, 1911. There never
was "the year 0," but there was the first
day of the first year, which ended with
the ?65th day and closed the first year of
Christian era. When you travel on a
railroad to go to a point that is exactly
ten miles away from the starting place,
when you have traveled nine miles you
will find Btaring you In the face a post
marked "10 M, meaning ten miles, but
you will find yourself one mile from your
destination and . you will not have trav
eled ten miles until you have crone one
mil« beyond the 10 M post.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
TO PEDIGREE A HORSE— Subscriber,
City. To pedigree a horsa communicate
with James E. Wheeler, 173 Fifth avenue.
New York City. N. Y.
LOCOMOTIVES— W. R., City. Tho
North Pacific Coast Railroad operate*
twelve locomotives and the California and
Northwestern operates eighteen. . ¦
HOMESTEAD— R. I>. M., Knoxvllle,
Cal. There has not been any change in
the law in regard to residence on a home
stead in order to obtain a patent from the
United States Government. .
WILCOX AND BISMAR.CK-B. O. 8.,
Ltvermore, Cal. Ella Wheeler Wllcox, nee
Wheeler, married Robert H. Wilcox of
Meriden. Conn., In 18S4. Bismarck of
Germany dlea in Friederichsrune April 80,
BORN. IN CHINA— A- B. C. City. A.
person born in China, no matter what
nationality of parents, is by birth a Chi
nese, but if born of parents who them
selves are not Chinese the child on at
taining majority may elect to adopt the
citizenship of the father.
COMMUTATION TICKETS-C., .Oak
land, Cal. There is no foundation for the
report that the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company will require individuals pur
chasing commutation tickets to affix a
stamp photograph of the purchaser there
on.
PERSONAL MENTION.
.AlCea Asdenoa of Bulson la at the
Grand.
J. B. de Jarnatt cf Colusa. is at the Oc
cidental.
Judge I. F. Pcstcn of Ban Lorenzo la at
the Russ.
J. A. Plerson, a Chicago capitalist, is
registered at the Hues.
H. L.. Dohcny, a lx>» Angeles oil man, la
registered at the Palace.
Former Assemblyman F. B. Glenn of
Ear. Jacinto la at the Lick.
M. Hochheimer. a Willows merchant
and banker, is at the California,'
Fred Beaudry, a Weavervllle m<r<"g
xr.an. is stopping at the Palace with his
¦wife.
Joseph Zeller, a prominent merchant of
Souldin Island, la at the California with
fcis family.
¦W. Foreyth, Thomas H. Lynch and I*.
L. Gray, prominent Freano business men,
are at the Occidental for a few days.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Mrs. Uglymug— Jane is a wonder. When
she had got through with her cleaning to
day I could actually see my faca In nearly
everything.
Mrs. Greene — Mercy t But, then, you ar»
not obliged to look at things, you know.—
Boston Transcript
"After I have been working in th« kit
chen for half an hour," said ana, "1 <Soa*t
hava any appetite."
The hateful wretch turned ovtr and
over with his fork the mourning-bordered
steak that represented forty minutes of &
woman's life pone forever and remarked;
"I don't wonder."— Indianapolis Press.
Van Dyke— Well, I'm going to gat «r«a
with our minister, all rtgnt.
Brown — How?
Van Dyke (chuckling)— I told my wlfs
he emoked and she 13 going to riv« him
a box of cigars for Christmas.— Brooklyn
Life.
"I told Pauline I couldn't afford to giv«
her a present this Christmas."
"Was she vexed?"
"No; she thanked me for^mentlonlng it,
as she had been wanting to say the sam«
thing to me."— Chicago Record.
Pastor (severely)— You brought nothing
into this world and can takes nothing out
of it.
Miser— Well, don't blame me; It lsat my
fault, fm sure.— Detroit Free Press.
Young Lady— Wb.at! I shall only have
one husband all my life?
Gipsy Woman— Well, what can, you ex
pect for a shilling, miss?— Tit-Bits.
Jack Bachelor— So you have named him
after a Vice President?
Ned Newpop— Yes; we want him to start
out in life totally unknown and males a
name for himself. — Judge.
Of all States m the Union Georgia will probably have the most unclouded prospect on
New Year's day, for her Legislature finished up its business a few weeks ago, and the Georgians
can spend the winter reading of the rackets in other States without having anything to disturb
them at home,
¦- ¦
Although San Francisco has not made such elaborate preparations for welcoming the new
century as have been made by other cities of the country, it is safe to say we will have absolutely
as joyous a time of it, and will derive comparatively as big a profit from the coming age as ariv of
them. -
* ; ; — : :
It is stated that preparations have been made in Russia to begin the new century by
changing their calendar to conform with that of other civilized nations, and thus another great step
will have been taken toward establishing that uniformity of measures which will eventually enable
men of all countries to do their reckoning on the same system and by the same methods
EVENTS have moved in such a rapid and unbroken procession that when some busy men read
General Alger's attack on General Miles about the canned, embalmed and other sorts of beef
served as an army ration during the Spanish war, they will ask what it is all about. There is
an impression that General Alger could have let the matter rest with the report of the commission
of inquiry. No country ever carried on war without something of the sort happening. From the
time George of Cappadocia gouged in his .army contracts till the hasty preparation of this coun
try for our little war with Spain, wars, whether of invasion or defense, have wasted the subst.once
accumulated by peace.
From the beginning to the end of our Civil War the country was besieged with charges of
all kinds against the authorities charged with the equipment and maintenance of the army. No
doubt many of these were true. Mr. Dawes of Massachusetts, afterward Senator, still living and
president of the Indian Commission, said that: "In the first year of this (Lincoln's) administration
more money has been stolen than was spent for all the expenses of the Government in the last year
of the preceding administration." f .'
That was just before the enforced resignation of Simon Cameron. But saying it, even if
true, as it probably was, did not stop the war for- the Union nor defeat Mr. Lincoln for re-elec
tion. All this is said not to excuse nor condone war frauds, but to enforce the fact that no war has
ever been carried on without them. It was Patrick Henry who attacked a seller of meat to the
Continental army, who, he said, instead of serving his country like an honest man and a patriot, en
tered the Continental camps "bawling, beef, beef, beef!" Still armies must have beef, and con
tractors must sell it, and the Government is likely to get cheated and the soldiers to get sick. This
is one reason why i wise men prefer peace to war. This is whynhe advocates of peace abhor the
coming of war. I
We have spoken of it as a little war with Spain. But it required as great preparation as if
we were about to meet in battle shock the empire of Charles V or Philip II instead of the enfeebled
force of the good Queen Regent. Our Government knew, approximately, the military and naval
force of Spain, but it could not know, nor could the wisest foresee, the international complications
which might gather around. us in a day.
During the months in which our Congress was trying to force the President's hand he
knew that jwe were in no condition to fight even the weak. There was not powder enough in the
country to last through one fighting week. The army had no commissary organized on a campaign
scale. We had the strength of a giant but no way of using it effectively. The President .hastened
preparations to put the country on a war footing, and even with his prudence and experience
brought to bear on the situation, Congress precipitated the collision before everything was ready
Looking back at it one is surprised that there were not more frauds .than were charged, and the
country may congratulate itself that we came through as well as we did, and that there was not
more fire kindled by such feuds as that between Alger and Miles.
Great Britain, with her army almost constantly in action and with commissary and trans
port service always on a war footing, has had exactly the same experience in the Transvaal war
Parliament had^hardly met when the House of Commons rang with charges against members of
the Ministry, who were accused of speculating on the necessities of the country.
The use to be made of the seemly or unseemly controversy is for the people of both coun
tries to see in it the intense demoralization of war, and set their faces against the spirit which
makes war wantonly. \ ;
AGAIN, CANNED BEEF.
THE old question of putting all the insane and correctional institutions under one board of
control is again mooted.
Such a board can be made very useful to the State if it take over the work of the present
ex-officio Board of Examiners. Indeed, this is of such business importance to the State that we
believe it would be better to leave each institution under control of its local board of directors or
trustees, and give to the new board of control and audit supervisory jurisdiction over them all.
The Board of Examiners at present exercises such authority, but it is composed of state of
ficers, whose time is fully taken up with their regular duties, who get no extra compensation for
the extra work imposed, and therefore feel it as a burden, while they accept it as a duty.
It is believed by students of the philosophy of the treatment of the defective and incorrigible
classes that institutions for such treatment should have in their directory persons with some
knowledge of the classes of people who are in the care of the State. This implies that on such
boards there should be some men who are not only business men but something besides. Some of
them, if in charge of an insane asylum, should have sympathetic knowledge on the subject of insan
ity, so that they may know why some things are done and why others are omitted. The same
may be said of the State schools for juvenile correction and reform. That is a specialty, requiring
the greatest knowledge of human nature, of juvenile psychology and training. The qualities re
quired in the manager of such an institution are equal to those of the president of a great univer
sity. Yet as a rule men are appointed to such institutions who have had no previous experience,
but are chosen as a reward for party service, or because they need the job. If there are members of
the directory who know the history, the literature, of juvenile correction and reform, 'they are a
safeguard against such abuse of the managerial position.
The members of the Legislature who have the matter of a general board of control undercon
sideration very naturally look at the business side of it entirely. It is very desirable that that side should
be considered, for the State demands economy. Butit demands also a clean and skillful administration
which takes charge of the helpless and unfortunate. If the economic side of the matter is regarded
as all there is of it, the humane side will fall into neglect, and the institutions themselves will cease
to serve the purpose for which they were created. Take our five insane asylums as an example.
They are generally used in the argument for a general board of control. The test of their business
administration is the total cost per capita of the inmates of the five institutions. The last informa
tion we had on that subject, the insane of this State, in our five asylums, each with its separate
board of directors, cost the taxpayers less per capita than insane management cost in Iowa, Illinois,
Wisconsin or New York.
It will be well, therefore, to look deeply into the matter before jumping at conclusions from
the business side of the problem. We, are not aware that putting- all State institutions of one or
several classes under one management has ever resulted in the economies that were expected, or
mar. tne administrative efficiency nas been enhanced thereby.
CHARITIES AND CORRECTIONS.
THE following brief retrospect of the
principal astronomical discoveries of
the nineteenth century shows that the
heavens have not been forgotten In
the many-sided capacities of the age.
Advances in physical science. Instru
mental Improvements and widespread ob
servation have enabled It to preserve a
fitting pace with the two previous centu
ries, when an almost unexplored heaven
unfolded new wonders to every telescopic
survey. Im proved methods, revised data
and widened scope have retained mathe
matical astronomy in a creditable state
of activity, with which the names of
Ganss and Bessel are pre-eminently
linked. Tho application of photography
to sky scenes has led to most valuable
discoveries, and the science of astrophy
sics, with all its startling facts and pos
sibilities, is ajso exclusively a growth of
the nineteenth century.
Commencing with the sun, to us the
most delightful of all the heavenly orbs,
we find that in the days of Herschel it
was supposed to be a cool, dark body en
sheathed in two luminous atmospheres.
This theory, upheld by several eminent
authorities, accounted for the aspect of
sun spots very satisfactorily, but accord
ing to the laws of terrestrial physics,
more fully understood later on. it would
be impossible for a body to retain a cool
condition under such circumstances. Two
thirds of the nineteenth century were
passed before the spectroscopio investiga
tions of Kirchhoff and the theories of
Faye. Secchl and a few other physicists
led to the general conviction that the sun
throughout is a globe of incandescent
gas; that under the enormous pressure of
outer layers the nucleus is of extraor
dinary density, while beyond the photo
sphere, or visible surface, lighter and
cooler gaseous strata cause the dark ab
sorption lines in its spectrum, and per
haps also the darkness of the sun spots.
With regard to these latter phenomena
more accurate data as to rotation, distri
bution and periodicity were obtained. The
portentous co-operation of solar activity
with magnetic ' disturbance and displays
of the aurora borealls was noted and es
tablished, but the cause of the sun spot
remains a mystery to the century's close.
Light analysis, though discovered in
1672, underwent its most important devel
opments within the last fifty years, when
It was proved that the different kinds of
matter of which an incandescent body Is
composed may be identified by means of
the lines In Its spectrum. In this marvel
ous way about thirty-seven of the con
stituents of the sun have been recognized
as well-known earthly elements, iron and
hydrogen being particularly conspicuous.
The prominences and the corona, though
known for ages as eclipse phenomena,
were first proved to be solar appendages
by means of photography, the former in
I860 and the latter eleven years later. The
gaseous nature of the prominences was
revealed by the spectroscope In 1SC3, and
also the advantageous discovery that
they could be viewed even when the sun
Is uneclipsed. In the year following gas
eous lines on a faint continuous back
ground were seen in the spectrum of the
corona, a green ray yet unidentified being
chiefly noticeable; but the added evidence
of future eclipses is required to fully es
tablish the suspected relation of sun spot
periodicity and the form and distribution
of coronal streamers. The vapors of the
chromosphere, also much studied during
recent years, are supposed to furnish tho
brief glow of bright lines seen just before
and after totality, but conclusive mani
festations of this reversing layer and its
true significance seem to be reserved for
the coming century.
The distance of the sun, though known
with some accuracy even before 1SS0, has
long evaded the exact measurement de
sirable In such an important problem,
but there Is much likelihood that the sys
tematic efforts of the principal observa
tories to find the parallax of the asteroid
Eros during the past months will result
in a more accurate estimate of the dimen
sions of tho solar system than was be
fore attainable.
The gradual discovery of asteroids, of
which more than 500 are now known, com
menced on the 1st of January-, 1801, and
though few are smaller none are more im
portant than Eros, which, excepting the
earth's satellite, comes nearer than any
other planetary member of the solar sys
tem. The greatest achievement In this
line, however, was tho discovery of the
planet Neptune September 23. 1S46. Its
history Is too well known to bo repeated,
but the mathematical skill of Leverrier
and Adams in computing its unseen posi
tion will long remain a standard instance
of theoretical astuteness. Its satellite,
the first found moon of the century, was
eeen seventeen days afterward by Las
sell. The following is a list of moons
since discovered through the zeal of the
eminent astronomers whose names are
annexed:
Hyperion, eighth Saturnlan moon;
Bond, Cambridge, United States, 1S4S.
Umbriel and Ariel, Uranian system;
Lassoll, England, 1851.
Two moons of Mars; Hall, Washington,
1S77.
Jupiter's fifth satellite: Barnard. Lick
Observatory, 1S92.
The existence of the supposed ninth
satellite of Saturn is not as yet fully veri
fied.
The dusky ring of Saturn, though pic
tured and described in previous centuries,
was certainly unknown as an annular ap
pendage until discovered as such In 1S30
by Bond of Cambridge. The meteoric na
ture of the ring system, suspected by
Casslnl, was theoretically demonstrated
by Clerk Maxwell in 1S3S and spectro
scopically proved in 1&>5 by the late Pro
fessor James E. Keeler.
A strange network of faint lines known
as canals, seen by Schiaparelll in 1S77, on
the surface of Mars is now fully accepted
as a unique feature of planetary topogra
phy. On Jupiter's disk an enormous red
spot appeared In 1878 and though possessed
of more permanence than the belt di
versities it has decreased In tint and size
during the past few years. That the rota
tions ' of Mercury and , Venus take place
in about the same time as their revolu
tions was announced by Schiaparelli in
1888-89 and has since been confirmed by
observers at the Lowell Observatory,
Flagstaff, Ariz. Finally, as our earth is
within the sun's domain, the detection
of a small periodic variation in latitude,
caused by the changing position of its
axis with regard to its own structure and
surface, may be added to the list of plan
etary details.
Within the last hundred vears twenty
three bright comets have visited the solar
system and over two hundred of merely
telescopic visibility. The large number of
the latter,' which does not include periodic
comets, is chiefly due to such indefatiga
ble observers as Pons, Tempel, Barnard
and Brooks. g * .
The disruption of cometary bodies !n
the. seeming solitudes of space, the fact
that one orbit may be a. thoroughfare for
several, appearing: singly at - long inter
vals, the still more extraordinary discov
ery that a comet may share its pathway
with a meteoric swarm and the identill
catlon of such familiar substances as car
bon in cometary s"pe<:tra. are among the
most interesting advances of recent dec
ades. . f
.Belief in the cosmical nature of me
teoric bodies was revived and fully estab
lished in 1S33. when tne stimulus of un
wonted star! showers led to researches of
much value. The. recognition of a peri
odic recurrence, a toiler knowledge of
their motions, genertj .characteristics
and chemical constituents may be accred
ited to the succeeding forty years. Many
«minant ' .rcamgy notahlv ; thosa of H, A,
Newton and Schiaparelll. are> connected
with tha progress In this branch of cos
mlcal Inquiry, which has resulted In a
singular Insight into the possibilities of
Interplanetary space.
The far dim depths beyond tho solar
system have also signally developed tha
acumen of the nineteenth century mind.
The vast subject of stellar remoteness
again and again defied investigation until
Bessel, In 1SSS, detected with the newly
devised hellometer the parallax of O
Cygnl, which corresponded with a dis
tance 600.000 times that of the sun from
the earth. The parallaxes of more than
fifty stars have been since obtained, and
•while two only are found to be somewhat
nearer, the remainder are far more re
mote. That there Is no uniformity as to
distance or size, and that brightness is
not always an evidence of nearness ar»
among the disclosures of this great work.
Previous to 1S01 hundreds of double
stars were known, bnt through the re
searches of Strove, Burnham and a few
others more than 12.000 have been added
to (he list: meanwhile the pairs classed as
binary systems have Increased five fold.
That there Is still a field for exploration
is shown by the valuable double star
work recently done at the Uck Observa
tory and elsewhere.
Stellar variability, long known in a fe^r
cases, has been assiduously studied In
late years, and about 400 variables ar«
now under constant observation. Amonar
them may be classed the "new stars'*
seen visually or photographically, whose*
minima is sometimes probably beyond the
reach of telescopic power. Elaborate Im
provements In spectroscoplc apparatus
have lured stellar light Into a display of
its constituents, yielding much Informa
tion as to color, variations of spectra and
probable temperature.
In the star spectrograph choice efforts
of photography and spectrcscopy ar»
united for the detection of motion in ths
lino of sight. The predominating motions
as to the solar system are thus under In
vestigation. Foremost In equipment and
results is the Lick Observatory, and while
an Important increase of knowledge la
Impending, no forecast as to what It may
be Is yet possible. In the process of this
sublime research it has come to light that
about thirty stars, seemingly single In all
telescopes, are composed of two bodies re
volving in very short periods, probably
around a common center of gravity.
Herschel found that the heavens are
strewn with thousands of nebulae, and
suspected that many are not of a etarry
nature. The great telescopes of the
present century added several thousand
more to the number, and as early as 1S63
Muggins confirmed the theory of a non
stellar constitution by means of the spec
troscope. About half the entire number
arc now classed as masses of luminous
gas. Efforts to determine motion In the>
line of sight were unavailing' until Pro
fessor Keeler with the vtmal spectro
scope of the Lick Observatory found that
some are advancing and some receding
with various degrees of velocity, a most
important addition to otxr knowledge of
cosmlcal harmony.
The progress of astronomical knowledges
by means of the spectroscope is rivaled
only by the dazzling: deeds of th» phot
graphic telescope. Various as to size and
form. It pictures the sun, the moon, tha
unseen star, the growing comet, tha fad
ing variable, the convoluted nebula, while
faint cosmic lights that human vision
can never behold betray their tangling
folds on the magio plate; and piecemeal
the entire firmament Is beingr portrayed
for the enlightenment of future ages.
Notwithstanding the extent and sublim
ity of these advances It devolves on com
ing years to wreath new laurels for tha
dying century, when Its labors uncom
pleted bear fruit, and Its theories as yet
unproved assume the luster of sdentlSo
fact. V-
can do for you Is to promise to apply for
permission at ence In the right Quarter;
if it is granted I will tell you the story
three weeks from to-day; that La, on the
twentieth day of January, 1801. So you
see you have really something worth, liv
ing; into the next century for.
In 1EW Mr. Miller decided that the work
at the Empire Theater offered nothing
that would tend further to advance him
in his profession, so he determined to try
starring. Klein & Clarke's "Heartsease"
was his first play. Concerning tho merits
of that much bepatched composition— the
only good act of which was written by
Mr. Miller himself — I have already ex
pressed myself bo enthusiastically that I
may be pardoned for passing It m r er hers.
• • • No San Franciscan who loves
what is best and most beautiful in his
trionic art can forget Mr. Miller's three
weeks' season at the Baldwin In 1SSS,
where with but one good play out of the
three presented he managed so to charm
his public that they were glad to welcome
him for a ten weeks' season In 1S39, and
for another ten weeks last cummer. It Is
literally true that for three-quarters of
the theatrical performances worth seeing
given during the last three years we are
indebted to Mr. Miller. No better Betting
than he gave his plays is to be seen either
in London or in Paris, nor has any actor
manager ever kept better faith with his
public than has he. His much-to-be-re
gretted illness soon after leaving San
Francisco was due to his insisting upon
¦working here for six weeks after he
should have canceled all engagements and
gone south for rest.
It is an open secret that Mr. Miller and
Mr. Frohman have parted company. That
is a good thing:— for Mr. Miller. He will
now be free to follow the lines along
which his artistic Instinct and his ambi
tion for perfection lead him. He will do
even better things in the future than he
has done in the past, and he will not need
to be "presented" to his public by any
body.
• • • •
Mr. Miller's biography is the worst-writ
ten in Mr. Strang's book; that is because
much of it w*as written by Franklyn Fyles
of Ladies' Home Journal fame. The best
written are the biographies of Richard
Mansfield and of "William Faversham;
that Js because these biographies were
written largely by those gentlemen them
selves. Mansfield's account contains a
story that shows up W. S. Gilbert in a
light pitiably mean. Gilbert engaged
Mansfield to play the leading part in
"Pinafore" for the megniflcent remuner
ation of $15 per week. Three years he
worked for this pittance; at the end of
that time he asked Gilbert for a slight
Increase in pay AND "WAS REFUSED.
• • • In a manner at once frank and
modest Mr. Faversham tells a story of his
early struggles that ie well worth reprint
ing here for the benefit of any man. artist
or no artist, who complains that the world
does not give him a living:
"At that time I was almost a stranger
here. I had no money. I had possibly
earned $20 a week and the long vacation
was before me. I gave up my modest
room at the hotel and for a few weeks
lived as best I could, selling what few
things I had that could be sold. I finally
had nothing left but my dog. Sambo, a
famous bull. Every one knows Sambo..
"Finally I made up my mind that I
must get work. One day I took my dog
and walked up Harlcmway until I reached
High Bridge. I stood watching the men
at work until it occurred to me that I
might get something like that to do. I
went up to a man who seemed to be an
overseer and asked him if there was any
work around that a fellow might get to
do.
"I suppose I had a very British accent,
for the man laughed outright and mim
icked me as he replied that there was
work to be had, but he doubted if I was
the man to do it. 1 explained that the
truth of the matter was, I had never done
anything of the sort before, but that I
was broke and wanted to get through the
summer.
"He tent for a fellow named Tom Pil
grim. I'll never forget him. He was tho
plumber pipe layer. Pilgrim took »me
home with him and taught me his trade.
In four days I could "wipe a joint" like
an old hand. I worked all that summer.
I used to get up at half-past 4. get to
work at 6, put in my ten hours a day,
earn my S3 or $10 a week. Bleep as I had
never slept in my life, and eat my bread
and cheese with an appetite and a relish
that I have vainly eought to duplicata
ever since. I might never have aban
doned that life and returned to acting
but for an accident.
"I had friends living not far awav —
Tremont avenue. One day I was lying
out on the grass looking up at the sky
with Sambo by my <side, when this fam
ily drove by. Sambo was too well known.
I heard a voice I knew call out my name.
J took to my heels as a natural impulse
and dodged behind a house. My pursuer
went the other way. We met.
"There was nothing for it then but to
make a clean breast of the whole thing.
Such a weeping and wailing you never
heard. Why didn't I tell them my fls?
How could I do such a thins? No one
seemed to understand at all except the
old gentleman, who said, 'No, by jove, it's
the proper thing. It won't hurt him. a
bit' It didn't; it did me good. But, of
course, now I was discovered. I had to
go back to civilization."
That old gentleman was right. Bravo,
Faversham! That was better than being
an actor; that was being a man.
THERE Is only one "famous" Ameri
can actor to-day— Joseph Jefferson.
Not to know this argues either one
self unknown or a blissful Ignorance
of the meaning of words. On the
j.c— .« cf this dilemma sits Lewis C.
Etrang, who ha*= discovered no leas than
twenty-five distinguished actors (there
have rot been eo many since the begin
ning of Cenotoic times), and has rushed
into print with his discovery; entitling it
"Famous Actors of the Day in America"
(Page, Boston). • • • Among these
"famous" are cuch intellectual giants as
James X. Hackett, Robert B. Mantell and
Herbert Kelcey! Shades of Betterton,
Uoliere, Garrick, Talma and Booth! If
these fumers and fretters of a petty hour
are famous, what are ye? Immortal? Bet
terton, not yet dead two hundred years, is
all but forgotten, and Talma., of our own
center}', is remembered only as the favor
ite actor of Napoleon.
If we omit Joseph Jefferson as con
fessedly "famous." of the twenty-four
other subjects of Mr. Stracg"B biographies
it cannot truthfully be eaid that more
than five have attained more than a pro
vincial reputation. These five are James
A. Hern*, Richard Mansneld. John Drew,
}»'at Goodwin and Henry Miller. I 6hall
take up principally the life of Mr. Miller;
for us he possesses a local Interest that
cannot attach to the others, since it is
cwic^r to him. as a local writer has well
eaid, that San Francisco has become once
more anything but a epeck on the theatri
cal map. • • • In the following account
I have supplemented Mr. Str&ng's meager
fietal^B with information from a source
to which It is tviflent he had but scanty
access.
Mr. Miller, who was once seriously ac
cused by Miss Geraldine Bonner of speak
ing American with an English accent, wu
born !n London. He comes of a family
thtt had no theatrical associations what-
Btrtver; It is doubtful !f his father was
ever in a playhouse in his life. Young
Miller knew little and cared less about
the theater until one day. Just after Irv
ing had made his hit as Matthias in "The
Eells," he happened to read in a news
paper an account of that actor's early
Etru££>£ and long: deferred, well deserved
success. This inspired him with a desire
to see what kind of place a tneater was.
He went, he saw and was overcome. He
h*gzn to study with Couldock, the Shakes
pearean reader, and at the age of 19 made
bis debut in a Toronto stock company,
playing the part of the sergeant in "Mac
beth." Tet in spite of the excellence of
that impersonation "Macbeth" as a pro
duction did net take a strong hold upon
the affections of Toronto audiences. Tues
day nights never failed to come, but the
ghost often failed of his eagerly expected
perambulations. The senior members of
the Toronto rtock company left one by
one for freeb^r woois and pastures newer;
thus for those Juniors, who could live on
little or nothing, promotion was inevita
ble. By the end of the season Mr. Miller
found that he had risen from general
utility to leading Juvenile; but I think he
boarded at home.
The year 1S7S saw Mr. Miller beginning
again, in Modjeska's company, as gen
eral utility— a class of roles he chared
with Robert Mar.tell. Mantell had been
en the stage longer than Miller and re
ceived J30 a week to Miller's 520.
"The most absorbing problem in life to
me at that time," he has told me, "was
to discover why Mantell got $10 a week
more than I did. and how he did it. If I
could only get $30 a week. I felt I was
made for life." I think that Mr. Miller
roust have discovered the secret and that
llantell must have lost It, for with the
exception of Mr. Jefferson end Mr. Mana
£eld, there Is no one that stanis higher
in Ms profession to-day than does the im
personator of Sydney Carton, while poor
Mantell— alael poor Mantell! As an ar
tist he has been dead these ten years.
Like bo many- actors who have since
become svart. Mr. Miller has been through
the echocl o-f Daly, but like all really
elrcng men he could not remain long un
cer the tutelage of that most domineering
cf personalities. His most noteworthy
performance while a member of the Daly
company was that of the leading part in
Odette (1&2). "When Daniel Frohman or
ganized the Lyceum Stock Company, Mr.
Miller became leading- man. These were
the days of the Bentlmenta.1 (Jrawlnf-room
dramas, such as "The Wife" and "Sweet
Lavender"— plays eo intolerably wishy-
T.ashy that it seems to me a considerable
achievement for any. actor to be able to
hold an audience hi the theater with
them. Mr. Miller did. this and more; he
actually made the audiences believe that
"The Wife." "Sweet Lavender," et id
oame genus were good plays, and from
the wretched materials furnished him
< chiefly) by De ilille he built up a solid
reputation as an excellent actor. He has
done many good things since, but he has
r.ever done anything more remarkable
than that.
When the Empire Theater was opened
In Xew York Mr. illller joined the. stock
company there and for some years shared
••¦¦Ith Jliss Viola Allen the honors of that
excellent organization. During this time
he \ras fortunate in having some fine
roles, notably that of Frederic Lemaltre
Jn the one-act play of that name, and
that of David Rernon in "The Masquerad
ers." About this time he had that humor
ous encounter with Sir Henry Irving
which— but on eecond thought, good
reader, I realize that I am not at liberty
to tell you this 6tory— a veiy arousing one,
I assure you, -without permission. All I
BY
X* JDTJ PONT S^TLiE.
SOME CONTEMPORARY ACTORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 80, 1900.
BY
ROSE OHAIiLOBAN.
A CENTURY IN THE HEAVENS
SUNDAY ...........;....DECEMBER .^0,1900
, - "y° Hr * D SPRE CKELS, Proprietor.
_ Addren All Communication* t» W. 8. LEAK E, Manager.
rUBUCATtOTi OFFICB _. _.. „ m ..M.rh.t .^ThW, «,«, l^mo!.cr
18
Almost any evil can be remedied if yon
face it fearlessly and honestly try to re-
xnov* it
A man who never expresses his opinions
is apt to have a lot of . voiceless , yearn-
ings.
A"MllKttM~RTTTK.
CiIarablB/ — Primrose and Dockstad«r iHn-
BtrrU.
Ti voM— "CIncerella."
Central Theater— " "Hie Heart of T.Tarylaad."
California— Strauss' Vienna Orchestra.
Orpb^uin— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "An Officer of the Sec-
OEd."
Alhambra— "EheBando&h."
Alcazar— "Naughty Anthony."
IOlrrapia, corner Mason and Eddy streets^ —
Special ties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaadeville «very
afternoon and ereninc
nscher' s— Vaudeville.
fnion Coursing Park— Coursing.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mascuerede Ball, Mon-
day evening. Dt-ccrcbcr 21.
U*troi>oIH2n T«nt>le — Tale Glee and Banjo
CiUbs. Thursday evening, January S.
California Jockey Club (Oakland) — Rae«a t<v-
Borrow.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 ifont-
gomery st telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c s>
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Bastern friends.
CS3 Market street. Palace Hotel building. •
Best eyeglasses, specs, 20c to 50c. Look
out for 81 4tb, front barber and grocery. •
Time to express Townsend's California
glace fruits to your Eastern friends. •
Townsend's famous broken and plain
mixed candy, 2 lbs 25c 639 Market street.*
Thousands of pounds of California glaca
fruits all ready for shipping. Townsend'a.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's*
Choice candies, Townsend's.Palace Hotel.*
New fire-etched boxes at Townsend's. •
All new stock of candies at Townsend'av •
Plenty of fruit at Townsend'a, •
Gulllet'i' ice crtam, nocha, canwUa. plstacfeo.
choccUt. caka|» jfl$ LjkTkta^aona Ea« w. •
sBsssTmBttstWifflilTiniilrhiMiMih -jiimr ¦ . " ' ¦One of the most exclusive laboratories
under the British Admiralty is situated at
Hafilar, near .Portsmouth, and 'Is used
mainly for secret experiments and models,
6ays a London correspondent. No strang
er can: enter the gates without giving a
clear statement as to his object. : ¦ Even
the. Prime Minister would not be allowed
to enter unless armed with an ¦ order
signed by the First Lord of the Admiral
ty. A casual visitor,' lucky enough: to be
admitted, must leave his camera at the
gates, and on the first attempt to take
notes he is conducted beyond' the pale. :
Home of Naval Secrets.
German Law of Libel.
The German law of libel is a curiosity.
An editor recently said in his paper that
a certain gentleman "was an unmannerly
boor," In consequence of which a libel ac
tion was brought against the paper. The
evidence given seemed to show that the
only fault with the expression was that
it was not strong enough. The case was
taken from court to court in the usual
way, until it reached the highest tribunal
The final decision was that the editor
would have been perfectly justified If he
had said that the plaintiff "had acted like
an unmannerly boor," but since he had
eaid that the plaintiff actually "was an
unmannerly boor," -he had committed li
bel. In Germany It is libelous ; to call a
man a pig: or an ass; but if you combine
the two and call a man a -pig-ass, then
there is no libel, because "such an animal
does not pxist. The favorite combination
among Germans is, we believe, pig-dog
(¦chweinehund).— Chambers' Journal. .
There Was Sorrow There.
The colonel halted, his horse in front of
a Dakota dugout and uttered a vigorous
"Hello!" and after a minute a tow-headed
grirl of about 10 years of age showed up
and looked him over and said: *
1 "Now, then, what ye whoopin' fur and
who be ye?"
¦ "Can I get anything to eat here?"
"Any water for my horse?"
"The spring's gone dry."
"How far is it to the river?"
"Dunno." . • »,
"Please ask your father to step, out."
"Pop's been on a drink for a week."
"And your mother?" ¦ i
"She's got the toothache. That's her
cryin'." ,
"Haven't you got a brother?"
* "Yep. but he g-ot snake , bit yesterday
and don't feel well." .
M Well, what about you?" persisted the
colonel. '¦ "You ceem to be all right."
VOh; ; but I ain't.',', she replied as she
made ready to* disappear. "I was to git
married yesterday.but my feller got shot
by an. Injun, and it'll take two weeks to
ketch onto another. This . ar! a house of
sorrow, sir. and ye will please to ride on
and not -ask- any. more fool questions."
New York Sun. ¦ .
Camera Supplies.
Cameras, photographic supplies, kodaks,
albums for unmounted photographs,
printing and developing. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market St. • . •
Schwarzenpteln that it would demand 600
taels a month rental, beginning with No
vember.
DISPLEASED WITH CONGER.
State Department Would Welcome
His Resignation.
WASHINGTON, Dec 23.—Administra
tion officials beiieve it would help toward
a prompt settlement of the Chinese ques
tion should Minister Conger resign. No
confirmation of his reported Intention,
which it Is said he has communicated to
friends, has been received here, and the
understanding ;n official circles seems to
be that he proposes to remain. Mr. Con
ger has reported that in sf-veral Important
lnptanc^s he' hap acted contrary to in
structions sent him. and the administra
tion has not hesitated to call his attention
to this fact. The report which said he
intended to rpsign gave as its cause fric
tion between him and the State Depart
ment. Officials say .this friction arose
from Mr. Conor's failure to properly
carry out instruction.
Thore would Ye no hesitancy on the part
of thp administration about accepting Mr.
Conger's resignation. He was driven to
understand several months ago that If he
desired a leave it would be granted him,
but he preforrfd to remain at his post.
It is thought here that he will 1 insist
upon remaining until the negotiations
with the Chinese envoys are concluded.
As the conclusion may not be reached for
months it looks as if Mr. Conger, sup
ported by missionary and Congressional
influence, would remain In office during
the second administration.
HONORS A SON OF TAUN.
Empress Dowager's Choice for Buler
of the Chinese Empire.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 29.— Some months
apo the Empress Dowager of China desig
nated the young son of Prince Tuan as
the successor of Kwang Su. Although the
name given in the dispatches as that of
the new successor differs from that
named by the Empress Dowager some
time ago, they may be one and the same,
as imperial names refer to the dynasties
and change upon appointment to the
throne, that of Kwang Su being different
from the name he bore before he ascend
ed the throne. Should the change be
confirmed, it would doubtless be regarded
by the powers as a hiph handed act and
one not likely to be countenanced.
In the present condition of affairs such
a procedure by the Empress Dowager
would be an offense against China as well
as the powers. Under the ancient system
of China, the Emperor Is able to name his
successor, at times going outside-of the
Imperial family, although under the pres
pnt dynasty it has been the custom to
designate the son and heir as successor,
or. in the absence of a son. to select a
member of the Imperial family. Kwang
Count von Waldersee Reports a Feat by a De;achment of the
Third Asiatic in the Mountains Near Mancheng.
to
Su is the nephew of the former Emperor,
who had no sons and designated the
youthful nephew to succeed him. But in
the reeont disturbed conditions of the em
pire, the ancient usages appear to have
been lost sight of and In September, 1898.
the Empress Dowager executed a coup
d'etat and took the reins of government
into her own hands, practically displac
ing the Emperor. Later the Empress
Dowager named the young son of Prince
Tuan as the successor to the throne, and
now, according to press dispatches, the
Empress Dowager has displaced the Em
peror with a new successor.
The previous acts of the En. press Dow
ager have not been such as would permit
intervention by the powers, although the
Emperor has made appeals to Great Brit
ain and other countries to uphold his an
cient prerogative*. But. with the powers
operating in China, it is not likely that
they will permit a further exercise of the
Empress Dowager's influence, particular
ly If It takes the obnoxious form of seek
ing to confer power on a son of Prince
Tuan, the chief conspirator In the Boxer
disturbances. Besides the specific de
mands made by the powers on China. It
is well known that the Governments and
their Ministers to Peking have for somo
time been considering moans of overcom
ing the sinister anti-foreign Influence of
the Empress Dowager by excluding her
from Peking and from all further partici
pation of the governmental affairs of
China.
China Not Expected to Blindly Agree
to the Demands.
DELAYS MAY BE PROLONGED.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29.— It is recog
nized by the officials here as a perfectly
natural course on the part of the Chinese
Government to ask for explanations of
the Important points in the agreement
reached by the Ministers at Peking, «j
the President is not surprised to hear now
that before blindly accepting the agree
ment as binding upon it the Chinese court
wishes for some definite statement as to
what Chinese cities are to be occupied,
how long the occupation is to continue,
whether it is an absolute, condition tha»
the Princes are to be beheaded an.f
whether the Taku forts are to be razed
or whether dismantlement will suf
fice. It is^a fact that our Government
has from the beginning of the negotia
tions taken an attitude on these fiv«?
points of Inquiry closely corresponding to
that which it is supposed the Chinese
Oovernment has assumed as a .basis of
putting them. '
It begins to appear from the character
of the Chinese responses that there mav
ne more time consumed in securing a final
acceptance of the agreement than was at
first expected. It was not to be supposed
that the allies, In/view of their union
upon the use of the word "irrevocable."
as applied to the agreement, would toler
ate unnecessary delay on the part of the
Chinese Government in acting upon the
agreement, but the inquiries made ap
pear to be so reasonable, at least in the
eyes of our Government, that there can
scarcely be a valid objection to their con
sideration.
Cable From Tientsin to Shanghai.
NEW YORK. Dec. 2fl.-The Commercial
Cable Company has issued the following:
The German administration announces
that in c6ncert with the Great Northern
Telegraph Company and the Eastern Ex
tension Australasia and China Telegraph
Company, cable has been laid for the
German Government between Tsintau and
Shanghai. The opening for cable service
will take place on January L
The refue&l of Dr. Mumm von Kchwarz
•Rrtein. the German Minister to China, to
return the buildings and grounds belong
ing to the Peking Club. I^nt as barracks
for the German mprin^s, caused adverse
criticJfim at the legations. Another build
ing has b*M?n .hir^d for the usp of the ma
rines. The Minister rpongnizf»s certain
proprietary rights of the club, but as in*
buildings adjoin the German I^»gaticn. he
thinks it may be necessary to keep them
far a possible onlarRemont in the future
cf the li-Jiation. privinR- in exchange for
the premises another niece of ground.
Th* club has notified Dr. Mumm von
It is doubtful now whether L4 Hung
Chanx will be able to attend the meet
ing or the diplomats. The signs of old
&£« ax« becoming more pronounced, and
tiie lower portion of his body is complete
ly paralyzed. Though it is officially an
nounced each day that Earl Ll'a condition
is Improved, it is a fact that he has not
appeared out of doors since he was first
taken ill. His friends say they believe
he will not completely recover, and think
another commissioner must be appointed.
PEKING, Lhsi. 29.— Sir Robert Hart, di
rector of Chinese Imperial Maritime cus
toms, frequently sees Prince Ching. He
Fays Prince Ching expects a definite reply
from the court to the joint note of the
powers not before January S. He has not
been informed that LA Hung Chang has
heard from the court there are any ob
jections on the part of the Chinese to
the maintenance of legation guards or
to the razing of the Taku forts, and he
would not be surprised il this were so.
He believes, however, that the note will
be accepted in its entirety within a short
time. The Chinese will possibly make a
few futile cojections, though he thinks
Prinoe Ching and Li Hung Chang will
&.£vlse compliance with the note as it
stands.
SHANGHAI, D»»c. 29. — Chinese papers
hfre state that the court has decided to
tocept the conditions of the powers and
this report is receiving credence, but noth
ing has yet been officially announced. It
If assorted that the Emperor has ordered
the immediate decapitation of Yu Hsien,
formerly Governor of Shansi, who was
previously degraded and banished.
SAT THE COURT WILL ACCEPT.
Statements of Chinese Newspapers
Are Given Credence.
BERLIN. D*c. 2?.-Th<? War Office has
received a dispatch from Count von Wal
c>rsee dated Peking. December SS,
reporting that a company of the Third
APietic captured 500 imperial troops on
December 24 in the mountains north of
rvlarchong. Th« dispatch alos anr.ouncr-s
that a detachment under Ueutenant Pavel
has been dispatched from Peking to
Changringc.hu and Nankar.kau, respec
tively thirty -seven a.n<l forty-three kilo
meters northwest of Peking.
ONE COMPANY CAPTURES FIVE
HUNDRED IMPERIAL SOLDIERS
"They are now," concluded the sheet
writer, "running at New Orleans and San
Francisco for Mr. Hogan and his frienJ
Sweeney and I'm going to let 'em run that
way all winter. When I get mine I like to
give the rest of the bunch a chance. This
is going to be one of the merry Christ
mases when it won't be a clay pipe and
hay and snowballs for mine," and then
the resting sheetwriter rose, buttoned his
fine new Raglan about him and strolled
out, leaving the others to the contempla
tion of the dope sheets on probable 40 to 1
shots entered tot run that day. — New York
Sun.
"It was about 3 o'clock when I decided
to chase out and stick this three-stoner
In for $30 to play The Rogue across th«
board. It was half-past 3 when I got to
the hock plant and the race was due at
4.- I started to yank tile ring off when I
found that It wouldn't remove. In hit
ting my welching friend the night before
I had bruised up my Knuckles and they
were swollen. I wa3 in a big hurry and I
moistened the finger and twisted the ring
around, but it baiked at the knuckie.
Then the man behind the desk tried to
twist it off, but it was no go. I hustled
out to the corner drug store and bought
a bottle of vaseline, chased back to the
pawnshop, stuck the finger in the vase
line bottle, and then tried to entice it oft.
But the knuckle was still about a twen
tieth of an inch too big and the ring's
always been a close fit, anyhow, and I
was losing time *o fast that I began to
calcine around the neckband.
"I was just about to pass the word to
the man behind the counter to chop tho
ringer err, or file the ring off, or some
thing, when I gave thp three-stoner the
kind of a do-good twist it needed and off
It came. Then it was four minutes of 4,
and when I got the $30 and the ticket It
was a pat 4. 1 chased out with the dough
in my mlt and mads a lope for the near
est room, which was three blocks away
at that. The cops on my route looked as
if they had half a mind to give me the
trip, thinking. I suppose, that I'd just
swung some old lady for her purse, but
I kept right on and ,'inally made the stain,
of the room. Just as I passed the look
put and got in the door what do I hear
but the operator hooting thmugh the meg
aphone, 'They're off at Bennings!'
"I made two Jumps of it for the win
dow, planked down my $30. panted Th*
Rogue, forgetting that I Intended to play
the mutt all three ways across the board
" i The y' re off— no more taken.' said the
duck behind the window, and I recognizpd
his voice. I stooped. down and looked in.
and I saw the marks' of my thr*»e-stoner
still red and raw on his chin. He was my
welching boy.
" 'It's all off for that $30 you owe me.'
I said to him. 'if you get this $30 down
on The Rogue.' and. as the operator
hadn't yet called off the way the horses
got away from the post, and the boss be
hind the desk wasn t looking, he made a
swift "write-out of the ticket, called off
'Twelve hundred to thirty on The Rogue,'
which was at 40 to 1. and before I ha.1
a chance to butt in and say that I wanted
to put $10 all three ways on The Rogue
the operator chimt-d in and announced
that The Rogue was third and only a
length away from the leaders at the
quarter, which made me a nose too late.
Then The Rogue came on at the half, ami
from there he tow-roptd the bunch, com
ing home on the bit.
• •••».»».»•. it. -4—4 «-- 4— »— f »— r~ »— r .
whoopingcough or the housemaid's knee
could beat the colt and advised me to
hold a few little girls up for their ear
rings and bracelets or beat a policeman tc
death for his gun metal watch in order
to get a bet down. Now, I don't train
with the good thing team, but I'd seen
this colt. The Rogue, win a pretty fair
race with a long nguie about him and I
had the glooms about the little J2 note
that alone remained of my $7 overcoat
soak.
ment of the United States and the
Government of Denmark have been
in progress, 'though intermittently,
for the last two ! years. In the
earlier stages something was attempt
ed here through the resident Min
ister of Denmark, Constantin Bruen,
and one Captain Christmas Dlrkfeldt, but
while these efforts laid the foundation for
what followed in Europe they could not
be regarded as successful, and after ma
ture consideration the State Department
decided that Mr. Swenson, the United
States Minister to Denmark, was the best
person to deal with the case. In the inter
est of this country. Therefore he was
given full instructions and some measure
of authority. He had nearly succeeded in
his object last sprlntr when, through an
internal change in Denmark, the- Minister
of- Foreign Affairs was displaced.
The new Minister was opposed to the
transfer of the Islands to the United
States and a wave of patriotic feeling
swept over the country to which the Gov
ernment was obliged to yield, and the ne
gotiations were suspended for a time.
Now a change has taken place In the pub-
Hcjnind of Denmark and the present Min
ister of Foreign Affairs has. ft is believed
here, reluctantly come to the conclusion
that for financial reasons it is scarcely
necessary to hold the islands. Their ex
pert trade, normally done in large part
with the United States, has been greatly
depressed, and though the commerce
might yield sufficient taxation under un
restrained intercourse with the United
States to make the islands self-sustain
ing, at present they are a drag on Den
mark and the Danish Government is
obliged to make good a considerable de
ficit on their account.
According to a correspondent, two mag
nificent carpets, presented by the Infanta
Donna. Sanche to the royal convent of St.
Antonio in 1500, have Just been cold by
auction at the municipal chamber in Lis
bon to pay for repairs at the convent and
church. The sale of the carpets, which
¦were Persian, about eighteen feet square,
embroidered with real gold, caused much
excitement. The most eager bidders were
two groups, French and German, and the
Frenchmen secured : the prize for $S99O,
which is regarded as nearly $5000 below
the real value.
"Yes," said the 'bookmaker's sheet
writer, who is waiting for the spring
meeting at Aqueduct to begin, "I sure am
resting just now; but I don't know; 1
guess I'll be able to give 'em an argu
ment for Christmas oats and a candy cane
slicking out of the Santa Claus sock be
sides," whereupon the resting sheet
writer paid for the arinks for the crowd
around the table from a roll of the brown
ones that he was only able to pull out
of his righthand trousers pocket by
stooping over. The others at the table,
at sight of the bundle, simulated sudden
attacks of heart disease, vertigo and oth
er prostrating seizures. The sheetwriter
with the wealth stooped over and returned
the rubber-banded wad to his righthand
trousers pocket, beamed cheerfully upon
the open-eyed party of five around the
table, lit a fresh cigar and went on:
"A couple o' weeks ago, when I got
back from Bennings with the old man, it
looked like a case o' hustle for a winter
job as a sweepout for mine. It was by
way o' Glasgow for me. Tne Washington
gang of pikers— and they weren't such
pikers at that -this year— chased the old
man oft the block inside of a week, and
when he turned his slate they had his
$MW0 roll in their pajamas. You people
may have heard that out of the forty and
odd. layers who went on the stools at the
opening of tnis last Bennings meeting only
fourteen stayed the route, and these were
staggering and all out at the iinisn. When
the old man's satchel was cleaned out,
that let me out of work, of course, and
the little $200'that I went down to Wash
ington with, intending to bloat the same
into a leather trust, was by that time
snugged away in the kicks of the Gov
ernment clerk's shortclothes; and I had
all I could do to spade out enough to buy
a ticket back to New York. When you're
playing second and third choices and the
long ones against a game that totaled
up about 60 per cent of favorites, like
that Bennings meeting did, you're due
to fall off and break yourself into a pic
ture no artist can paint, which was me,
llfesize.
- "New York is such a nice little old place
to come back to when you've bowed a
tendon and there's nothing doing— with
the copper on. For a couple o' days cof
fee and sinker dough looked as big as the
figurehead of a ship to me. I did the
hustle around the rooms to see if I
couldn't nail some pencil work, but it was
nix all along the line; crews all filled up
and the clammy digits everywhere. 1
didn't want to send this three-stoner that
I'm wearing up the eaves, feeling that it
ought to stick as part of the front, but
my No.-2. benny went in for a bum seven
spot. - On the day that I put my overcoat
in I met a duck on Forty-second street
that's been owing me 530 since last Au
gust—not $30 in milk tickets or rain
checks, but sure-enough money; he hand
ed me the hurry touch for it at the track
one afternoon. When I met him 1 held
out my hand and let out a slight cough.
He didn't show that he was wise to my
pantomime, however, and so I mildly re
quested him to • produce. ; He was diked
out in all the glad. ribbons fit to wear, and
a rock in his puff tie at that, but he told
me he didn't have the $30 on him, but said
he'd meet me that night on a Broadway
corner and pass it out to me. I was on
the corner on time, but the tin horn with
my thirty bucks wasn't. He didn't turn
up at all, although 1 waited an hour for
him, and when I faded away I ; had my
mind made up to tap him one on the
crust for luck theininute I saw. him. I
ran into him on the next night, when I
only had $4 left out of the $7 that I'd got
on : mv understudy blanket. He tried to
thread the crown- when he saw me, but I
got to him and, said a few words of war
medicine; whereupon he began to snap
gteel chains with his chest. There was
only one thing to do. I'm left handed and
I gave him^ that one right on the chin
dimple.- Then the seven-foot biddy on the
corner gave : me the' arm-clutch, and It
was a pinch for minp. The dub that
owed me the thiry w*>nt along to the Thir
tieth-street refrigerator and preferred a
complaint against me, and *I -had, a~ real
nice night of , it on a plank listening to a
lady in the female tier weep and yell be
cause she found It hard to pull her jaw
teeth with her fingers. ; . .'.
"They -drilled -me- down to the market
the next • morning and': kept me- in . the
gilded cage until about 1 o'clock before
my number was drawn. The welcher that
I'd smashed didn't show up and so I was
'smissed after; being scowled ; at a heap
by the man who helps to keep up the
population; of the island.
Vlt was /about 2 - o'clock when I was
passed out Into the damp air and I wa*
so : sore on 'things that the dozen or , no
that ,1: hurled: in before getting to my
room didn't even make my. fingers 'tingle.
There was >a special delivery* letterfor
me on my bureau. It was a pretty bum
scrawl written by a trainer 'who had a
couple of old ones down at-Bennings. ¦ I'd
given him a lift on twr> or.'three occasions
andhe; was getting back at me by pass
ing,me on this littlewnrd about one that
he thought- looked roo'l,-and that was in
that r day.-iThc goodr-ne; was a? two-yenr
old named The Rogue, to run in the fifth.
Theold chap wrote that nothing but tna
In the Bitter Hour of Ne«d a Bad
Debt Is Transformed Into
a Small - Sized
Fortune.
One Sheetwriter Dots Not
Mind How Cold the
Wind Blows.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— The Tribune has
the following from Washington: The prac
tical conclusion of negotiations for the
purchase of the Danish West Indies is
virtually confirmed at the State De
partment in the announcement that
an appropriation by Congress is
all that remains to provide for
the acquisition of St. Thomas and other
small Islands owned by Denmark Imme
diately to the eastward of Porto Rico, and
it is the Impression of the officials that
the money will be voted next month. The
greatest difficulty encountered in the ne
gotiations has been the reluctance of
Denmark to agree in advance to a sale,
while the United States was not prepared
to guarantee to buy, fearing a repetition
of the embarrassing situation that arose
thirty years ago, when the Senate refused
to ratify Secretary Seward's treaty of
purchase, when Denmark believed the sale
had actually been consummated.
It Is the understanding that a canvass
of Consrress shows that Senator Lodge's
bill, carrying $5,000,000 for the acquisition
of the islands and for establishing Ameri
lcan sovereignty. Is assured of speedy and
favorable consideration, and on this as
surance, all preliminaries to the treaty
and transfer have been perfected and the
signing of the instrument only awaits the
readiness of the United to pay the pur
chase price.
COPENHAGEN, Dec. 29.— The United
States Minister, Mr. . Swenson, has In
formed the Danish Government that the
United States offers 12,000.000 kroner for
the Danish Antilles and will not give
more.
The negotiations between the Govern-
LUCK TURNED
JUST IN TIME
"The home of social and economic ex
periments" in the name given by some
writers to isolated New Zealand. It has
also been described as "labor's paradise,"
for in no other quarter of the civilized
world has so much been attempted in' the
way of social reform and state Interven
tion in the interest of the p'oor and lowly,
says Edward JB. Clarke in the Chicago
Times-Herald. New Zealand is therefore
a democracy which may be studied with
profit by those .who would form an idea
of the tendencies of unrestricted popular
rule and the effects of what is called'pop
ulism among us and what is in reality a
mild form of socialism, is New ZeaJand
a warning or an example? Ooes it teach
how to do it or how not to do it?
Not a few have described for our benefit
special acts or policies of the New Zea
land democracy, but the most complete
and satistactory account of the politics
and legislation of that interesting colony
for the past decade has just been provided
by. Henry J. Lloyd in .a work entitled
"Newest England." Mr. Lloyd is in full
sympathy with the dominant tendances In
New Zealand, and he writes with enthusi
asm of the things done, proposed and
planned by the radical i party now in
power. Yet he is compelled to make some
admissions which, to the impartial stu
dent, will appear most suggestive.
Let it be premised that nttie New Zea
land commands admiration for its bold
ness and self-confldence. it has had the
courage of its ideas. Thus the latest ven
ture on its part is universal penny post
age. It has decided on this regardless of
tne "aid or consent of any foreign na
tion," not excepting the mother country.
It asks for no reciprocal benefits. It be
lieves that penny postage will pay event
ually because it will quicken and increase
correspondence and trade, and it is eager
to act on that belief. I'.ie same readiness
has been shown in other and more ques
tionable directions. Here is a list of the
reforms instituted by New Zealand since
1890, the year of the "peaceful revolution"
and the extraordinary wave of political
radicalism which abolished the "ancient
regime" and swept the conservatives out
of power— forever, we are assured: ,
1. Abolition of general property tax and
substitution therefor of land and income
taxes to force the large land-owner to
sell his holding. The tax on the rich Is
progressive and high; the poor is largely
exempted. .
2. A great step is taken toward the abo
lition of private property in lands. The
state becomes a landlord, establishes a
new tenure, lease in perpetuity, and limits
transfer, area and cultivation.
3. Contract work is done away with, and
the government undertakes direct con
struction of all public buildings, improve
ments, "etc.
4. Compulsory arbitration is established
and strikes are eliminated. All disputes
are settled by a court specially created for
the purpose, regardless of ail considera
tions of free contract and free private
enterprise.
6. Unemployed are taken care of on a
state farm.
6. Transportation at cost Is adopted as
the government's railway policy.
7. The principal bank of the colony Is
"nationalized." and the government as
sumes the role of chief purveyor of credit
to the business interests.
8. Pensions are given to all aged poor.
9. Free cold storage is provided; patents
are bought up and made free to all; boun
ties are paid for the development of new
industries, and instruction is given by the
government agents in co-operative pro
duction.
10. Women are enfranchised.
Some of the reforms have been in effect
but a short time and it may be unfair to
sit in Judgment upon them. But the ques
tion may yet be asked— What has been
the visible result of all this "fraternalism
and paternalism?" Mr. Lloyd says in one
place that New Zealand is prosperous in
every department, and that the radical
policy is a "success." But in another
place he admits that the people are
neither happy nor content; that the work
men dare not publish the names of their
official leaders lest the employers black
list them, and that the birth rate is
steadily decreasing owning to an economic
pressure which makes people afraid to
have children. But the strongest evidence
of dissatisfaction is found in the demand
for additional and even more revolution
ary legislation.
The measures and reforms which the
progressive party advocates make a list
even longer than that of the things al
ready realized. The principal items > in
this list are: Nationalization of the coal
mines, complete nationalization of the
land, increase of the taxes for the further
equalization of the rich and poor. State
insurance against fire, nationalization of
the steamship lines, complete nationaliza
tion of banking and a government news
service. In the face of this remarkable
programme Mr. Lloyd says that "while
theorists invite the world to choose be
tween the catastrophe of state socialism
and trust socialism. New Zealand finds
a way out between tneRe extremes." What
does Mr. Lloyd understand by socialism
if all that New Zealand asks, in addition
to what it has realized, is not socialism?
The lesson really taught by. the experi
ence of the antipodean. Utopia is that
there is no "way out between," for one
step toward paternalism as practiced in
New Zealand inevitably leads to another
and another. In the end the colony will
have to choose between out-and-out so
cialism and the economic policy which it
hag discarded. The prosperity the colony
enjoys is not the consequence of its ex
perimental legislation. What will happen
under a period of industrial stagnation?
May not t the colony be confronted by
bankruptcy? -And will not the restriction
upon manufacturing industries cause in
dustrial paralysis? New Zealand will
know more ten or twenty years hence
about the soundness of tne concern called
"Government & Co., Unlimited." In the
meantime no democracy will be tempted
to emulate New Zealand's example. The
spectacle is an interesting one, but it Is
not half over. \ No congratulations such as
Mr. Lloyd extends are as yet in order.
Out-and-Ont Socialism Hay Be tha
Result of the' Economic Policy
¦ -v : Adopted by the
• - -^ ... Islanders.
Some of the Reforms That
Have Been Instituted in
New Zaaland.
MODERN UTOPIA
AID ITS RESULTS
HOLTHEAD, Dec. 29.— The bodies of
twenty members of the crew of the Brit
ish bark Primrose Hill, Captain Wilson,
from Liverpool for Vancouver, which
went on the rocks three miles off South
stack and broke up, have been washed
ashore.
LOXDO,V, Dec. 25.— Quantities of wreck
age have been thrown up on the different
coasts, evidence of. disasters from the
gale not yet reported.
The Great Western Railroad Company •
steamer plying between Milford and
Waterford, which, last night, was report
ed twelve hours overdue, reached Water
ford thirty-two hours late. The remain
der of the crew of the Spanish steamer
F.necurl, which was driven ashore at the
Portland breakwater (where twenty-two
men got ashore, leaving live men on the
wreck) have been landed. The captain
revisited the vessel to-day, and as be
stepped on her deck the ship keeled over
and sank. The captain was drowned.
The French bark Seine from Iquique,
September 23. for Dunkirk, has been
driven ashore at Perranporth, Cornwall.
The crew, numbering twenty-thxe« men,
were saved by the- rocket apparatus.
The British ship King Edward, Cap
tain Read, from Antwerp December 8 for
San Francisco, has anchored in the Downs
with loss of sails and a man washed
overboard. She reported havlnsr been
driven back from Falmouth by heavy
weather.
Advices from the French ports say the
gale raged with extreme violence and that
a "number of fishing smacks and coasting;
vessels have been wrecked. Nine flan,
boats have been stranded near Dunkirk
end three of them will prove total wrecks.
Their crews were seen clinging to the
rigging, but the majority of them were
be'-nml the reach of the rockets. A life
boat gallantly rescued many of the fisher
men, but ten of tbfem perished.
Remains of Twenty of the
Crew of the Primrose
Hill Recovered.
Large Quantities of Wreckage, Evi
dence of Further Disasters In
the English Channel,
Strew the Coast.
SAILORS' BODIES
WASHED ASHORE
Special Dispatch, to The CalL
Canvass of the Senate and House Indicates
the Passage of Senator Lodge's
AnnrnnriaHnn Rill
i\|ypl Upl l&UUH Dill.
State Department Admits That Negotiations
for Their Purchase Are Practically
DANISH WEST INDIES
SOON WILL BE OURS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1900.
19
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TONG F»O GH-V.
.jrfjsfcgfc^ Successor to T>r. LAI PO TAX.
SSSS-JSrv graduate of Canton M«dtc«l
BjKjpfciSpgu College, after a very auccess-
y/ Tijjf^^^fj fu l practice of many years la
Itt* China, has located la Saa
<5*--#S >ir Francisco. The surprising and
Cv x u , marvelous cures effected by
Vay\ tf his herbs demonstrate tb«ir
JS25H /\ potence and his skill. The**
% "^J&*±. kerbs cure over 4C0 dirfer^nt
#<88JRsSS2ra^ diseases, including Bright" •
*#ra}£?^!«*.V» Disease, Diabetes, Cor.sump.
S-"<52E£&jiy"* tlotu A9tnm a, Paralysis, Brain.
Nerve. Cancera. Tumors, Blood. Male and Fe-
male Maladies. All persons afflicted wlta any
Jc'nd of malady whatsoever are Invited to call
Office 727 Washington st. Offlca hours—* a.
m to' 12 m.. 1 to 9 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 a. m. ts
12 m. Accept grateful thanks for effecting a,
cure of asthma of several years" standtne.
A. DARLET, San Rafa«L
DR. HALL'S BEINVlGORATOREgsgg
Fiv* hur.<1r»^ reward tor %ny Bis^TSsi
case we cannot cure. This secret B mm
remedy stops all losses in 24 houm, il y
cures Emissions. Impoteney. Vari- K^l £^£J
cocele. Gonorrhoea. . Gleet. Flt», RJPl Fiilfl
Strictures. Lost Manhnorl and all UbW UU
wnxtinr; efTc-ts of »<»lf-abus» or HS^J^*|
excesses. Sent'waled. $2 bottlef I ¦is^s^sa™
bott'es !3; rua rant pert to cure any case. Ad-
dress "HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE tiS
Broadway Oakland, Cal. Also for sale ai iO73-»
Market st.. 9. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
. 'A. petrified :. forest, : covering an ; area of
100 1 square miles, I has i existed for I centu-
ries in Arizona. Thousands and. thousands
of . petrified logs i strew the ground and
represent beautiful Rhafles of pink, pur-
ple, red, gray, blue and j yellow. One : of
the i stone-trees . spans a" gulf forty : fe£t
wide.';': ;¦ .'¦ ;•'_-" ---"-.' - ; • .*¦•¦ .- .
Barter's Odorless Oil Heaters are guar-
anteed: riot to] smoke or smell. -Money ire-
funded If not satisfactory. ' Six sizes.' Call
or" send for; booklet. Charles Brown &
Son, 807 Market street, S.F. •
GOOD REASON FOR IT.
The Success and Popularity of the
New Catarrh Cure.
The remarkable success and popularity
of the new catarrh cure. Stuart » Catarrh
Tablets is largely because It not only-
cures catarrh, but because catarrh suf-
ferers who use these tablets know what
they are taking Into their systems— no b«-
cret is made of what they contain. They
are composed of hydrastJn, blood root,
guaiacol and red gum, are pleasant to the
taste and, being dissolved In the mouth,
they take Immediate effect upon th» mu-
cous lining of the throat, nasal passage*
and the whole respiratory tract.
The cures that Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets have accomplished In old chronic
cases are little short of remarkable, and
the advantage of knowing Just what you
are taking Into your system Is of para-
mount importance when It Is remembered
that the cocaine or morphine habit has
been frequently contracted as the result
of using secret catarrh remedies, aa so
many of them are well known to contain
these injurious drugs.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets meet with the
approval and cordial support of physi-
cians because their antiseptic character
renders them perfectly safe for th« gen-
eral public to use and their composition
makes them a common sense cure for ail
forms of catarrhal trouble.
With nearly all advertised catarrh cures
it is a matter of guesswork as to what
you are taking Into the stomach, as the
proprietors, while making all sorts ot
claims as to what their medicines will do.
are very careful to keep it a close secret
as to what they really contain.
This 13 one reason why Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets have been so widely recommend-
ed because they are not only pleasant and
convenient to take, but the patient also
knows he is not putting Into his stomach
anything of an injurious character.
These tablets are sold by druggists ev-
ervwhere in the United States and
Canada at 50 cents for complete treat-
ment and probably there is no better rem-
edy ever devised for the* permanent cure
of catarrh, whether located In the head,
throat, bronchial tubes or In the stomach.
Broken
Eyeglass
J>ne«>« replaced for BO cants.
Any Astigmatic lenses duplicated for 91*00
and $1.30. . %, v
Guaranteed correct and best quality.
Oculist*' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, M&la 19.
0PTIC,AN5^>^'»^
642 Market 5t. iMMRUMtNTs
UNDC3 CHROWClE BUILDING. UATAlOGUt «REC.
BY THE PATTOSIEN CO., CORNER 16th AND MISSION STREETS.
It ha* been said by some of our competitors that we do not sell all of our furniture and carpets cheaper than
they do. We therefore have organized a "SPECIAL CHALLENGE SALE." which is open to all comers. Our
rent :s much cheaper than the downtown stores pay; in fact we save $21,000 every year to our patrons on account of
• cheap rent. Of course we are a little out of the way, but it is worth the trouble to come to us. Besides the low orices.
wc ?£ . ' a s P ecial cut o* from IS per cent to 30 per cent on our entire stock for this "SPECIAL, CHALLENGE
SALE, which commences
NEXT WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1901.
"Brine your friends to CHALLENGE SALE IN EXTENSION TABLES. "A FREE BII>E to and
ciir tea garden and have | _^^_ .. .^^_ — W ' i ~~ -''"' ' from the store to all pur-
them served our tea FBEE -^- — "" -—' T J f^^ '^^f^SL 1 *^^mlt! '*'* '* * '• ** y '' """""N chasers - Ta H e Mission.
« charge in true Oriental (. iflijli _ ''Jr ?'« . -- iHJp v ' __^ Kearny and Fillmore street
Pattosien's Chal!en-e Sale in store '"
CARPETS^ **~~ *~ —^ Pattoslen's Challenge Sale in
We have the largest and best Hsrht M i |f)| c- a a • * «*>- t\n
ed carpet house ; " • u e c ; tv B ' Iji Slzc IO ' 6xI 5. Axminster $27.00
Body Brussels at.. ..$1.15 per yarJ i ,\ M ?•" y xI2:6 - fowell B. B...J2B.00
Moquette at J)3c icr yard B , ffi| §« 8-3x12 Axminster |jg.O
Axmin«ter at <*i inV.,,.,^ Bf >' VHJ Size 8-3x10 Wilton V $15. OO
Velvet at OOr. Zll \Z*a V& ¦ ¦> «ll Size 10-6x10, Bigelow B. B..$21.OO
Wilton V »t «51 on «- Va JH \W$S Size 10-6x9, English B. B....$8.50
B« t££V BruYs*t°t 5 . 0C :. yan ! /#>^^^W>^^ S1ZC 8 - 3XI0 ' EngHsh B: B -* 14 -°<>
gS|^S^Ss?SJ Pattosien's Challenge Sale in
4J *c per yard Lj^^^^^F BEDROOM SUITS.
Pittoslen's Challenge Sale In ~^sP r Rich> * ullf sw *' 11 * rcmt «- ch erry and
PARI flR oiti'To mahogany finished chamber suit9 (7
rAnLUn OUllo. Extension Table— solid oak, piano pol- pieces), with swinprinsr shaped French
Parlor Suits in solid mahogany, ish. pillar leg. CHAL- C>c fid bevel mirror and bureau. (j» -j j-r\
best damaik corerir.K, »oiid colors. LENGE SALE PRICE •£-££>. UU Challenge Sale Price... J>OO.D\J
C^! 1 .T. & !.. S . a !!... P . r ;?? $37.50 We have them as hi K h as $80.00. GoMcn Oak Bedroom Suits.
carved, best cast brass handles, plain
We have them as high as $150 and as low as $17. Come finish. Challenge Sale price ClC f\(i
and see them. 3>IOiUU
PATTOSIEN'S CHALLENGE SALE IN LACE CURTAINS AND DRAPERIES.
126 p AlRS LACE CURTAINS. #/* yards long, full width, best duality net. small neat designs, srood edges, worth
$3-75, S4-°o and $voo per pair. CHALLENGE SALE PRICE <t -i QQ _ ej . rjo|r»
We have lace curtains in sets as low as 65c per pair, and as high as $1.50.00 per pair.
In connection with this jrreat "CHALLENGE SALE" of Pattosien Company we will pay CAB FARE to and"
from the store to all buyers from all parts of the city while this exeat sale is on. Kearny, Mission and Fillmore street
cars stop at our store.
THE PATTOSIEN CO., 16th AND MISSION STREETS.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD CSE DAMIAXA BITTERS. THJJ
treat Mexican r«m*dy; civca heaUh aa4
strength, to sexual orgaaa. &«pot, 133 M^TfrtV
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON ST3.— RE-
roodeled and renovated. KING. WARD *
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to SI 50 day;
$5 to S3 week; IS to ttO month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fire grates In »very
room; elevator runs all night.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MISCELLANEOUS.
p • * \ 9 TE^^Qifc w3OflBB5SH^Bi»^F m^^m'ww^w • Q " C y C O r ft n 0 V © O € * sj'mba
n AVomen of refinement who regard healthful M
pjj cooking as a paramount duty; good cooks, H
|J leading clubs and hotel chefs, and cooking B
53 authorities everywhere earnestly recommend H
H Wesson's | Salad Oil as better value than ¦
g the most ddicately flavored Imported Olire B
PS Oil and costs very much less. Send for book- B
¦ let, - which contains exceptional recipes, by fa
H LidaAmes WilBs.NationalFoodWriter.Lec- H
gj turer and Demonstrator; Mrs. S. T. Rorer, B
H Principal Philadelphia Cooking School; A. B
pj Mantz, Steward and Manager Rittenhouse H
HI Club, and , other valuable information free. j»
M Ask your friendly grocer for Wesson's Oils B
H and avoid unhealthful cooking fats. flDon't forget . our carload prices when
looking for trunks, dress-suit cases, .va
lises, traveling bags, -• coin ? purses ; and
pocketbooks. • Lettering name in . gold
without cost to purchaser. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market St. ?
Fine Leather Goods.
SEATTLE, ¦; Dec. r 2?.— General Manager
Hawkins of the White Pass and Yukon
Railroad I was advised to-day, from Skag
uay of the, completion of a steel cantilever
bridge crossing • the ' chasm near the i sum
mit of White Pass, which heretofore has
necessitated the - use ' of a switchback -. at
that point, v This steel: bridge has a total
length * of : £50 feet: ; Its' openwork is ; such
a s : to , preclude '. the ' possibility ' of Its \ ever
becoming ; obstructed '¦ by • Ice or • sno w.
Bridge Completed.
TACOMA. Dec.'iS.-It has Just been
learned that Charles Lillywhite,' who came
to from * Los Angeles in 1889, is
held at Wellington,' N.Z.; on the charge
of .murdering:? a; man. In, England seven
years ago. Information has been for
warded to Lilly white's attorneys , that he
did not leave Tacoma until July, 1894, : and
consequently cannot be 'the- murderer
Officers are due at .Wellington to take the
man back to England. -
Held •, for Murder.
VICTORIA, B. C. Dec. 29.— John and
Andrew Muir, sons of John Mulr, \ a pio
neer farmer of Sooke, were killed this
afternoon. They were riding on a ". load
of straw, when the team ran away,' throw-
Ing them off.
Two Men Killed.
HAVANA, Dec. 29.— A delegation of ten
Alcades from the province • of Pinar , del
Rio visited Governor General -Wood
w)*.H a petition for a reduction of 25 per
cent in the tariff on sugar of the United
State.-* against Cuba and 50 per cent in the
export duty on tobacco, In order to enable
the planters to recoup on those important
island industries. Governor- Wood is
favorable to the petition and, will recom
mend to the Secretary of War that It be
granted, as he considers it highly Import
ant to the peace and prosperity of Cuba!
Bate on Sugar and Tobacco.
Cuban Alcaldes Petition for Lower
ASK TARIFF REDUCTION.
A noticeable feature of the copper trade
of the present year is the relatively small
increase shown by the monthly reports of
the producers. Thus the statement of John
Stanton. who acts as statistician for the
companies, gives for the United States in
November a total output of 23,276 long
tons of fine copper, which Is only 259 tons
more than In December of last year, a
gain of 1.1 per cent. For the eleven months
ending with November the production re
ported was 24G.763 tons, which is greater
than that of the corresponding months of
last year by only 8545 tons, or 3.6 per cent.
Moreover the reporting companies showed
an actual decrease this year of 855 tons,
or 0.4 per cent. the. gain coming entirely
from the outside sources— the smaller
non-reporting mines and the smelting
companies — which are credited this year
with a gain of 9400 tons, or 33.6 per cent.
It appears, therefore, that the active de
mand did not stimulate production In the
older mines, as might have been expected.
A parallel result is shown In the Impor
tant European mines, the total production
from these for the eleven months having
been 81,848 tons, or : almost exactly the
same as last year, the difference being a
decrease of 32 tons.
Indications arc that work on tbe Montezuma
mine, southeast of Big Pine, will be vigorously
pushed. A rock crusher, roller mill and five
concentrators will be put in place near the
dump. The motive power will be furnished by
a forty horsepower engine, water for which
will be pumped from a well. Pending the
erection of machinery at the mine, a number
of car loa<ls of ore will be shlppodto Seattle
for working 1 . Seven men are employed at the
mine.
The Inyo Register says:
The Tuclumne County Bank has levied
an attachment upon the property of the
Salmon River Mining Company in Siskl
you County.
The scripplns cases covering mineral
ground at Jacksonville have been compro
mised, J* C. Campbell, the principal,
agreeing to deed several mining locations
to claimants when he secures his patent.'
The Bodle Miner-Index reports the new
electric plant of the Crystal Lake Gold
Mining Company as running night and
day.
then no sound of stamps has been heard in
Mariposa save that made by the little mill
that was erected on Missouri Gulch about five
years ago.
Hunter Injured.
MATFIELD, Dec. 20.— Henry Delagnes,
residing at 1738 Thirteenth avenue. South
San Francisco, while on a ; hunting trip
near here this morning, was probably
fatally Injured by the accidental discharge
of his shotgun. He was riding in a caxt
when the gun went off and he received
the full charge in his left arm. Amputa
tion was necessary. He has a wife and
two children.
Strathgyle Chartered
SEATTLE, Etec 29.— The quartermas
ter's department has chartered the steam
er Strathgyle to take a cargo of forage
and miscellaneous freight from Seattle to
the Philippines. The Strathgyle Is now
at San Francisco and will not arrive In
Seattle harbor and begin taking cargo be
fore January 10.
Will Bun to Panama.
SEATTLE, Dec. 29. — The steamship
Roanoke, Captain -H. P. "Weaver, * sails
Wednesday for San Francisco to enter the
run between that city and Panama.
This w*ek the workman completed the erec
tion of tho mill at the Mariposa mine and the
work of crushins the ore from the : mine was
begun. It has been about J thirty's years since
the former mill that Htood below, where the
present one stands ceased eaerations and lr%
three decades of time that rat elapsed Gir?;j
In an annual review of the output of
metals In Utah, the Deseret News says
gold and copper beat all previous records.
The output of silver and lead also shows
a. marked Increase over 1899,"- the . output
of the latter being probably the greatest
production recorded In the history of the
State. The gross output *of copper for
the 'year is 14.287.877 pounds, as compared
with 9.96S.000 in 1S93. Without taking Into
account the gold shipped by the Geyser
Marion earlier in the. year, the gold out
put Is placed at 186,861 ounces, which
shows an increase of nearly 14.000 ounces,
or about J2S0.O00 over last year's report.
The output of lead last year is surpassed
this year by 4.233,664* pounds, while the
silver production exceeds last year's rec
ord by 940,792 ounces, and comes within
192.C16 ouii^es of reaching: the record- of
1S92. whlcii was the banner year for the
wMte metal In the history of Utah min
ing. The total mineral output for the
year is estimated at $21,385,649.
Tho Mariposa Gazette says:
There will be an attempt made to dredge
the bed of the Fraser River In British
Columbia. One dredger has been built
and three others will be constructed, ac
cording to the stories sent out. A com
pany has been formed in England by
John Cobbledlck to push the work.
According. to the Calaveras Chronicle
wcrk will soon be resumed on the gravel
mines of the Consolidated Gold Hill Min
ing Company. The property is about
eight miles east from Mokelumne Hill, on
Esperanza Creek, and consists of twelve
claims, about 15.000 feet in length and COO
feet wide. A certain part of the property
is in controversy.
The Sonora Union-Democrat reports
progress as follows: Sinking has been re
sumed in the Rawhide, the shaft in which
mine Is down 1700 feet. A body of ore
has been uncovered on the Tuolumne
River, one and a half miles east of
Stevens' Bar. Operations are progress
ing at the Neale mine on Portuguese
Gulch.
The appreciating price of silver may
have the effect of starting certain silver
mines. A Colorado man, J, Wilbur. Smith
of Denver, has begun development work
upon a group of claims on the Colorado
River, forty miles from Yuma. The
Yuma Sun says he Is trying to determine
the feasibility of placing a 500-ton con
centrating plant at the mines or on the
river bank, and that If his experiments
are successful he will bond the properties.
The strike of the miners In the Long
fellow and Nonpareil mines at Big Oak
Flat. Tuolumne County, was of short
duration, lasting- only three days. The
owners agreed to recognize the verbal
understanding of laEt May, whereupon
the miners returned to work.
The Amador Dispatch says electric ap
pliances have been put In working order
at the Oneida mill. Twenty-five addi
tional stamps have been set to work, mak
ing fifty in all. Work at the Klrkwood
mine is being pushed. Ihe Dispatch also
reports that an appeal will probably be
taken from the decision In the Supreme
Ccurt of California to the Supreme Court
of the United States in the case of the
Argonaut Mining Company vs. the Ken
nedy Mining and Milling Company.
There is sufficient water power in Trin
ity County, since the winter rains, for
the quartz mills to dispense with steam
for a time, thereby effecting a large sav
ing.
acquired title to the land for the purpose
of utilizing the stone In making lime, did
not regard it as being valuable for mining
purposes and did not know of any person
who did. He asserted that he was acting
in the utmost good faith when he estab
lished his claim and purchased it from the
Government.
But, unfortunately, this Is not so, and
the consequence is that the line of dawn,
as it sweeps around the earth, first
touches the date-line to the south of the
equator, and then gradually creeps up
this line till it leaves it far to the north.
So the first sun of the twentieth century
will rise on the places along or near the
jr f the change of th.e centuries took
IS place at either of the equinoxes—
1 1 — nrch 22 or September 22— then, since
1L on those days the earth's axis is at
right angles to the plane of the
orbit, and there is equal day and
night all over the world, the matter
would be very easily decided. The dawn
line would coincide with the date-line, and
from pole to pole the first sun of the new
cer.tury would rise at the same moment.
The Owl and the • other service In the
existing card on the San Joaquin Valley
division are not to be taken off or Inter
fered with, - as the railroad company is
convinced that the increased traffic in the
new century will from the start Justify
the additional accommodations. -When the
Chatsworth cut-off is completed the time
between Los Angeles and San Francisco
will, 'it Is expected, be cut down to about
ten hours. < _
A second train will be run on the same
line, leaving here dally about 3 p. m. and
reaching San Francisco about 8:30 next
morning. This train will carry sleepers
and will be a local for. the accommodation
of all points along the route. , It will leave
San Francisco about 7 p. m. and: will
reach Los Angeles about 12:30 p. m. the
next day. VKB&BlOMmm&tapim
This service will be limited and thor
oughly modern in every way, patterned
after similar .accommodations on the
big Eastern roads. This train will run
on express time and will make stops only
at the most important points. : -
Assistant General Agent Luce, who is
Just home from .the north, said to-day
that the. new time card, as partially flg~
ured out, will take a train out of Los An
geles for San Francisco dally about 7:30
a. m., reaching the latter city about 10:45
p. m. of the same day. In the companion
run south-bound the train will leave San
Francisco about 8 a. m., reaching Los An
geles about 11:45 p. m. of the same day,
making, the trip altogether almost in day
light and avoiding the necessity for a
sleeper.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 29.— The Southern
Pacific Company has practically decided
upon its proposed new passenger service
on the coast line, and the new card will
increase the passenger accommodations
between the two cities by two additional
trains, making a total of five which will
then be available^
Special Dispatch to The Call
Two Additional Trains Be
tween San Francisco
and Los Angeles.
NEW TIME CARD
ON COAST LINE
utes !t will gild the temples and palaces
of Calcutta. In nine hours and fifty min
ute3ltwill be flowing over Lions Head and
down the rugged sides of Table Mountain.
In twelve hours and twenty-five minutes
it will have crossed Montmartre and
touched the base of Eiffel Tower in Paris.
Five minutes later it will have passed the
cross of St. Paul's and be flowing up Fleet
street. In seventeen hours and twenty
minutes from the time It crossed th«*
dawn-line it will be flowing around the
feet of the Statue of lberty, and in three
hours more it will have reached the Gold
en Gate. Thence It will cross a stretch
of ocean unbroken by rock or islet back
to the dawn-line, and so will be accom*
pllshed the evening and morning of the
first day of the twentieth century.
date-line Uv the order of their position,
from the south upward. ;
Now there Is no land along this line
from the Antarctic circle to Antipodes
Island, hence this tiny spot of earth will
first see the twentieth century dawn. A
few minutes later JBounty Island will see
It. Then It will sweep along the northeast
coast of North Island, New Zealand; then
over Vanua Levu in the Fiji Islands.
Next it will shine on the scattered coral
islets of the Elllce group, and after trav
eling about nine degrees more to the
north the light-tide will touch the cross*
ing of the dawn-line' and date-line at 6
o'clock.
Two hours and five minutes will have to
pass before it reaches the banks of the
Yarra. In six hours and twenty-five min-
ON THE RIGHT OF THE DATE LINE, WHICH IS NEARLY COINCIDENT WITH THE ONE HUNDRED AND
EIGHTIETH MERIDIAN. IT IS THE MORNING OF DECEMBER 31, 1900; WHILE ON THE LEFT DAWNS JAN
UARY 1, 1901, THE FIRST DAY OF THE NEW CENTURY. SAN FRANCISCO WILL SEE IT 24 HOURS 4 MIN
UTES LATER.
Those who will be succeeded on Jan
uary 8, by reason of the expiration of the
year for which they were appointed, are
the following: Board of Public Works,
Marsden Manson; Civil Service Commis
sion P. H. McCarthy; Board of Educa
tion,' C. W. Mark; Police Commission, Dr.
W. F. McNutt; Fire Commission. M. H.
Hecht; Election Commission, A. W. Voor
sanger; Park Commission, Frederick W.
Zeile; Board of Health, Dr. Louis Bazet.
In at least one instance there is no ques
tion as to whether one of the retiring
officials will succeed himself. Dr. Bazet
in an interview.' has declared with consid
erable emphasis that he Is glad of the
opportunity to retira and says emphat
ically that the public is ungrateful.
The rumor that Mark will succeed him
self as a member of the Board of Edu
cation is persistent, but the Mayor was
not inclined to give any hint concerning
his action in that matter, while he an
swered without hesitation concerning the
truth of the rumor about the reinstate
ment of Mose Gunst.
"I have not finally decided In any in
stance. I have, naturally, considered the
matter of the new members of the boards
and commissions, for it Is important and
concerns the public good materially. It is
so important that I am thinking It all
over carefully and hope to get the best
men for the places, i have not made any
announcements and shall not until tho
day before the vacancies take place.
While I am taking the opinions of good
citizens who make suggestions concern
ing the appointees I must finally follow
my own best judgment and that is what
I shall do."
"How about the story that you have
determined to name C. W. Mark as a
member of the Board of Education to suc
ceed himself?" was asked of the Mayor.
"Really now," replied his Honor. "I
cannot tell you anything about the mat
ter, for if I go on answering questions
concerning this commission and the other
commission, I shall be telling you what
I am going to do. I do not mean to
announce any appointments to fill the
pending vacancies until January 7, which
will be on the day before there are any
vacancies. Then all the newspapers will
get the news simultaneously. I let them
all have the facts before at the same
time."
"Have you decided on any appoint
ments?"
As to whether Mr. Gunst had been sug
gested as an available candidate to step
into the oJllcial shoes to be soon vacated
by Dr. McNutt the Mayor ottered no in
formation. He admitted, however, that
there had been some suggestions as to
who should be appointed to nil the sev
eral positions in the various city com
missions—tho Board of Public Works, the
Civil Service Commission, the Board of
Education, the Police Commission, the
Fire Commission, the Election Commis
sion, the Park Commission and the Board
of Health— which will become vacant next
week by reason of the expiration of terms
as one-year appointees. He declined to
say who had been suggested in any in
stance.
"Certainly not." said the Mayor.
"There is no truth in the story at all."
"Then Moee Gunst will not be named
by you for tho position of Police Commis
sioner to succeed Dr. McNutt?"
Mayor Phelan denied, absolutely, last
evening a rumor which has been persfst
ently repeated about the clubs of the city
for several days, that he would appoint
Mose Gunst to be a member of the Police
Commission to succeed Dr. W. F. McNutt,
whose term will expire on January 8. This
Is one of the most interesting stories that
has keen going the rounds. It has not
only been heard in the clubs, but also
has been given currency In fraternal or
ders, being heard in lodge rooms, where It
has been received with credence by many.
"When Mayor Phelan was informed of the
extent to which the story had been spread
he said:
His Honor Declares He Will Hot
Name Members of Commissions
Until Vacanciss Are
About Due.
Story Concerning Succession
to McNutt's Shoes Is
Denied.
MOSE GUNST IS
NOT CHOICE DF
MAYOR PHELAN
Outlines the Measures Which. He Bs
lieves Will Engage the Serious
Attention of Both
Among the many members of the Legis
lature who made San Francisco a way
station yesterday on their Journey to Sac
ramento was Alden Anderson, one of the
prominent and Influential members of the
Legislature at its last session and the
moat prominent aspirant for the Speaker
ship of the Assembly at tbe approaching:
session. Mr. Anderson expects to remain
in the city for a few days before he con
tinues his Journey to the State capital.
He was asked last night to express his
views of the Speakership situation, in
which he Is so intimately concerned.
"I have the utmost confidence," he said,
"that my candidacy for Speaker of the
Assembly will be honored by my fellow
members with success. I have already oc
cupied the distinguished position to which
I again aspire, and naturally the worth
of my service must be determined by my
associates and the public at large. It Is
very gratifying to me that I have now
only one opponent for the position which
I seek, the others who had appeared In
the field having withdrawn In my favor.
It is a matter of which I am naturally
proud — that my old associates In the As
sembly, with perhaps one or two excep
tions, have unequivocally declared their
purpose to vote for me for the position of
Speaker.
"It Is perhaps unnecessary for me to
say that in my candidacy for this posi
tion I have made no promises to any
member of the Assembly, nor have I
given any assurance In reference to the
formation of the various committees,
some of which will have to perform at the
coming session duties of an exceptionally
important chanvbter. I have met many
of the gentlemen who have been chosen
as legislators, and I can say emphatically
that I believe that the character of the
men who have been selected is as high
as that of any body of men ever dele
gated by the State to serve Its interests
In a legislative capacity.
"In my interviews with these men I
have urged that our best policy will be
to go absolutely free to Sacramento, to
view the various interests there involved,
and, untrammeled and unpledged, do our
best to serve the interests of the State.
"Some of the most important measures
ever presented for legislative discussion
at Sacramento will come before us for
consideration. From a partisan point of
view, which I conceive Is the least im
portant, the reapportlonment of the State
will be the measure which shall demand
our attention and necessarily will create
greatest Interest. From the legislative
standpoint the adoption of a new primary
law will be vital. The educational bill
covering measures proposed by the educa
tional commission and Involving the va
ried demands of our two great universi
ties will unquestionably be presented, con
sidered, and, I have no> doubt, adopted.
"The Interests of irrigationists, involv
ing the conservation of flood waters: the
mining laws including the question of Im
pounding dams, will call for most serious
attention from the members of both
houses. These, I apprehend, will engage
most of our attention, and I feel confident
that the session will pass Into the history
of the State as one which had been ab
solutely businesslike, economical and
thoroughly beneficial to the varied Inter
ests of California."
Tells What He Thinks of
His Aspiration for the
V Speakership.
ANDERSON CASTS
A HOROSCOPE OF
THE LEGISLATURE
A srrelter for the Trinity Copper Com
]i:iny. to be erected on tne Sacramento
Blver cbove Copley, is talked about. The
' :trnpany h:is two groups of claims, the
>!2a.sia Kintr gToup and the King Copper
gremp. A laiircad seven miles long will
.•<• iiuilt to the mine.
A h;c.h river channel is reparted to have
l>oeTi <iis?cov<Tcd in 1'i'inity County, above
Canyca Creek, almost opposite Pennsyl
viini"}. Ear and just under the line cf the
]>relir..'.r.ary survey of the ditch from Can
vmi Creek" to a mine on Oregon Gulch
Mountain. The discoverers are Alexander
<iiizesn and James Davis. The Trinity
Journal says that old-timer? along the
creek have believtd in a gravel deposit at
t.:< altitude -where the discovery was
made, but they have not thought that it
<::rripU pay. This fall the Sweepstake
Company began operations on a high
r: : aonel on Oie^on Mountain and later C.
]>. Oalvin bonded the Ajax mines, an ad
.ioininR proptrty. These mines will be
developed in the spring.
A lajge amount of testimony was re
r> ntly taken at Sonora. Tuolumne Coun
ty, to determine the character of a tract
f'f 32'J acres ai Springfield Flats, for which,
thrfo rears ago. a patent was issued to
A. I), fouehow. Many witnesses were ex
;;miri«.u. ann seme of them were inclined
t«i the opinion that rich gravel deposits
existed l:elow the water level, the means
<.T r< aching- which had not >et been de
visod. Exidence was submitted to prove
the mineral character of considerable land
In the vicinity cf Springfield Flats. K. A.
Oortiow. thf pat^ntf-o. testified that he
Eig-her Price for Silver Encourages
0\raers of Claims Along the
Colorado to Hope for
Better Times.
The mining industry in the northern
part of California is lively, from all ac
coonSB received. The copper propositions
in Shasta County ere of general interest.
The new smelters at De Lamar's Bully
HIU mines are rapidly assuming shape,
Tt»« power-house, smelter building and
machine shops have b«en completed and
considerable machinery Is In place. The
converter building is under tray and the
rtUlrcad from the mine to the roasters is
also nearly ready for use. Probably two
cr three months will intervene before the
plant •will hn in readiness to receive ore.
Th^re is a rumor to the effect that the
fountain Copper Company will soon open
deposits that have been uncovered by the
<5:arnor.d drill. The power enterprise on
rhe McCloud River, according- to Mineral
Wealth, published at Redding, is being
pushed alons.
Tlie McCioud River Electrical Power
Company, of which A. F. Johns is general
rnia'i ij-cr, owns one mile of river front
t>.-! c.uh bank of the McC!oud. it is y.ro
pos^J ia dam the river and raise it fifiy
m«? ifc-t above th<? present level. Work
on ..he dim has begun. The load to can
lu^ct with the dam Is in construction,
¦j nc c-> isolation is that ihe dam will be
ccap!et«i by April l. Mineral Wealth
t a > i :
A <^ilch 40 l«?t wide and " feet deep will
convey water to the power site come 6'JO feet
below the dam. Tr.is tlitch will have a capuc
iiy of 1'j-u cubic feet per srrorni. or iboirt 59,
<. i»i n:;ni r'£ iiuhif. ca!i^blf o: geii«T<tUnij 5'K>0
t .; --.,.•.». r, an<J of this -Out" horsepower will
!.. •j:i:izcl ai the oul^-et. The generators as
v. . n as the v.aicr whin-Is" will be entirely in
<i< ,v< r.ii- T.t of onn another, thus reducing the
of complete shut down to a minimum.
After the i-onii.iftfon of the first jilant, a scc
' :: : srUl be ii;5tal!c<l on the oj-'jjosUe bank of
Use river, and a ditch *S00 feet long will be
utilized in conveying the viator from the dam
io the power flte. The i>ole line will carry
iv.o three-wire circuits an4 v.ill be extended
u» the- various districts Of the county where
IKMrer «i!l be consurr.?d. The company expects
to be r^iiiiy to deliver power by the first of
Copper Properties of State
Are Preparing for
Extensions.
FALLING STUMPS
AT GOLD MIKES
ARE AUGMENTED
THE .SAN FRANCISCO C AT^L, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 30. 1 900.
Antipodes Island Will Receive the Solar Salute Before
Any Other Terrestrial Point.
WHERE SUN FIRST KISSES
EARTH IN NEW CENTURY
20
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
Send Name and Address To-Day — You
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
/^£§S*k BOTTLE bUnC^
/ MCBURNEY'S
S^\ ZyV A thorough core for
f7% 1 I £ pains in the back,
>L sK BRIGHT ' S DISEASE,
.^v 24 rj female troubles, Incon-
tiucaceof mine, brick dnst deposits, bed-
o-eUlng of children, gravel. gaU fetonos,
ii c;.?y. diabetes, and rheumatism.
FOR SALE AT
DAHLEENDEB DRUO CO.. TU Keamy st.
AND AT
TITE OWl DRUO CO.. 1128 Market st.
S<~Rd Sc In Ic etarapc to W. F. &IcBurney.
<:f S. Sprlnr St.. Loe Ancvles. Cal.. tor S
days* treatment. Prepaid Si SO. Drurr1«t«."-
rt ft ft* rtmia I Corner Fourth and
CftFE ROYAL
VIII ia IIVHIhs overcoats and
valises checked free.
When a patient comes to me complain-
ir.s: of dull headaches, sour stomach, bad
:afte. nervousness, belching: of gas. or
heart trouble, which Is generally caused
from indigestion. I tell him. to take one or
two of Stuart's Tablets after each meal
and as often during the day as he has
r.ny trouble, and I feel confident I .have
given that patient the best advice I could
give."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are large,
pleasant tasting lozenges, containing dias-
tase and pepsin, combined with fruit and
¦vegetable essences. They are not cathar-
tic and do not act on any particular organ
like ordinary drugs, but simply act en-
tirrlv on the food eaten. They are a nat-
ural digestive, pure and simple.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold by
druggists at 50 cents perpackage through-
out the United States, Canada and Great
jJritain.
They have little appetite, and if they
do have an appetite, the food they eat
does thf-m no good. Why? Because it Is
liut half digested, causing thin blood,
¦weak nerves, sleeplessness, achinjr bones.
fiains in chest, formation of ga?cs. belch-
rz. etc. They tell me they believe they
have consumption, or heart disease, rheu-
matism, nervous prostration, in fact most
cverv direase but the riR-ht one.
In "reality, the whole trouble is in the
ftomach and nowhere else. Now what do
I do with such p<>op!e? I don't feed them
on pre-digested foods like babies, nor
"Ftomach bitters." nor pa.tent nostrums
•which I know nothing about. Xo honor-
able physician will prescribe a remedy
unless he knows what lt contains and it3
probable effects.
For all such patients I have but one
prescription. I advls* them to go to the
nearest <5ruc store and get a 50-cent box
of Stuart' s Dyspepsia Tablets. I use them
v.ith remarkable success in all cases of
Irdigestlon and stomach trouble, because
I know what Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
consist of and what they will do. They
contain the vegetable essences, diastase
end government test pepsin, which are the
things even* weak stomach- lacks to re-
fiore natural digestive vigor, and if I
had dyspepsia myself lt Is the one remedy
1 should take.
The wise, up-to-date, modern doctor Is
no longer ti^d down to the hard and fast
ri'Jps cf what his medical book3 say he
thai! use and what he may withhold Jn
treating his patient.
The successful doctor nowadays is the
cr.e who is quick to avail himself of any
remedy, new or old. which holds out a
chunce of cure no matter whether it is
Allopathic. Homeopathic or neither one.
Dr. Jennis=on. in an Interesting article
on ind!g«?5=tition and dyspepsia says:
"Nine-tenths of all people, who apply to
rr." for advice and treatment think they
have this ailment or that ailment, but I
Jind on close examination that their whole
trouble arises from poor digestion.
Kcr.d in Books.
Kiie-w Something Besides What He
KNEW HIS BUSINESS.
A D VZETISEMEKTS.
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality,- night losses, varlcocele, 'etc. and en-
large small weak organs to full size and vigor.
Simply I send your name and address to Dr. ¦ L.
W. Knapp, < 1373 Hull building-," Detroit, : Mich.,
end he will gladly . send , the free receipt with
full directions so that ony man may easily cure
hlmcelf .: at - home. : This is certainly . a most
generous offer and the following extract* taken
from : his . dally mall show what men think ¦ of
his generosity. ¦ ¦ i7&U8BUBl$HUG*G0IUB&6Kji
"Dear : Sir— Please accept my « sincere thanks
for; yours of recent date.,' I have given your
treatment a' thorough ¦ test and the benefit has
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me op. 1 am just as vigorous as when iboy
and you cannot realize how happy 1 am ." <
Dear Sir— Tour method worked beautifully
Rejults wars exactly what I needed. Strength
and visor hare completely returned and en-
largement Is entirely satisfactory."
"Dear Sir— Yours was received and I had no
trouble In making use of the recetot as directed
and can truthfully say it is atom to weak
"'^"vl *?! KrtaUy lmDrov * d •» slxa. strena-ta
All cdrrespondenc* Is ttrleUy eonftdenUal
palled. In plain, sealed envelop^ The receipt
to hive's. a * Wn * aBd *V~*» •'•or man
L..YT. KNAPP. M. D.
ADVEBTISiailENTS.
SMOKELESS
'OIL HEATER
FOR THAT GOLD-ROOM.
n <£'l f\f\ Oa 1 ? t&te*
j£ Vf^*\J\J of it. Ee-
jijj^^ . livened anywh#r* u»
California on approval.
<S*E~»jj*j6jj>> to tr? rttumfd at cur ex-
Ci:"~h5iQf pease i: nc: er.tlreiy ta:-
GUj[feiS4 lsfactorv. The 'ijual cj
MOW * n y H«ater that r>-
fS^CS^iX? *«•"» Tor double t!»»
feSi^ '<«?¦?$ mciiejr. Description:
Kj'f^ ' iffe Xo - Fount, Tan^t,
g'^y'trChj removable n p. •nindov
i?$2iit£ji Cr 1 lnd. a r r!> ba.^^'are at nn-
WlKy^ J Oth»r Heaters for S. M,
WRITE FOIt CATA-
PRICE $4.00. I/JGUE.
PATTOSIEN'S,
Sixteenth tzi Miaaioa Skostg.
¦ I DE FiEECS'S gfa BODT-BATTERT
UilCi. Ifc^^ // if. tiff A.mod«ra ap-
E*. Pl«rc«-. g^-i«2^r B:lt tfc i' "^
Beit and At- ytt££g&3L * rlth • is «rto-
tachia«nt» a ' K*iBb£2| ltr * tlsaj ** v *
powerful cur- SSwiSpSB ; ta *•**«•'•
r«nt of «Lec- /m&v£«j*u3 warmth ar.J
tricJtyinay ba ¦i&iS&S "trengthtoai:
oonreyed to MSJSjlirSs? ° U3e ix ~
any part cf iFZj i"- 3 *^* *>««<iiiy cures
the body of /, Y \ i % without druys
the wearer. f*g \ J )i and is u good
from head to 'i \ J E for women
Coot, thereby * V* * as 'or men.
Imparting £ \ '$ .Pries* rta-
vlm aad vigor |J I r» »onabl». No
to all weak ] (,,« "Free" or
parts and I V Sf "Half Price'*
driving awayC"*/! A J,* offers mat!*
a o h o s aad Si "^aSsr: to * el1 ****•
pains as If ittT B B ** T - lt
by magic. Lfti\ you w * nt tii0
CTOur new "Book- *"¦**/ BEST, you
let No. 2" giT«* full in- must hive
formation. Vif at ot- "Dr. Plwroe^i."
Cca or mailed to any address- for a 2-o»nt
stamp. Call or addreoa FIERCE! KT.TfiC-
TRIC CO.. 1145 Broadway (abor» 38th St.).
New Tork. Pacific Coast .rffloa. CO Mar-
kst st. (opposite Palace Motel). San 9*ran-
ciaoo.
When writing, kindly mention this pa>p«r.
TO THE PUBLIC!
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct.
4&*b&?'z22i *• 1MO-— To whom lt may
¦KfcSaAiaKH concern: This Is to c«rtlfy
\K£J If that DB. WONO HIM of
VSC f 11S-117 Mason «*««:. S*a
!*•¦ I * g Francisco, ham enrvd m*
WjQafSji I of kidney trouble an I
as/Zmf • rheumatism aad I am
JktS**-/ 1 *^^ happy to make this state-
>TjV» ¦¦•' 1J&. ia»nt, as I find th« Doctor
W^^>»L^(^A\^ strictly honest In every
"MgffijflHBHpW*^ **n*e of the word and aa
< t3f.>^ honorable man In all h!»
dealings. DR. C. A. GAY. Dentist. 901 SecoiU
ave.. Seattle. Wash.
PINOI-E. Jnn« ». 1S35.-I take tht* rawi 't
expressing my thanks toDr. "Wong Him. 113-
J17 ilasoa street. Ban Francisco, for bavins
cured me of kidney, womb trouble and cancer
of the stomach. I was a great sufferer for 1J
years and found no permanent relief until I
tried Dr. Wong Him and In six months' tlmm
b« has cured me. Any person wlshlne m« to
certify this can find m^
Pinole. Contra Costa County. CaL
6. F.. December 4. 1S99-— Dr. \7ort* Him. 113-
117 Mason st.. S. F.. Cal.— Dear Sir: For th»
benefit of others I wish to make a statement ot
my case, which was heart trouble. After treat-
ing with six eminent physicians my case was
pronounced incurable. Hearing of Dr. Won*
Him. and his wonderful cures. I decided to try
bis herb treatment. He did all he claimed, and
after treating six months I am now well and
strong. Tours, respectfully,
MRS. BARLOW. 1027 Mission St.. 8. F.
I visit DR. JORDAN'S qrsatm
iiUSEUH OF ANATOMY*
\ .SJT The LarvestAaatomieal Museum ia tbe \
A _-^J-, U'eild. WeJumm or any contracted 4t
V 32J?]S5ft distm r*r*l ll»«ly aur«4ti 7 tha oldest V
© J^yfl SpecaUxeactteCoatf Est 36x5*1*. £
$ fSW ft 03. *03DAH-flU¥ ATE DISEASES 0
\ g@53bjft tearoltition tno »nd strktly prmte. \
& n jBtM *i Tnionent penonaliy or by letter. AB
V f; ff X\ 3 f**-t\v* Oure la r-»err cue uodcrtajsea. T
A it it \ s> Wn « r °* 8°°fc< miLOHormc »t A
V * U V V a»A»aai ms, m a mo ran. iAW
A Q^ } ,- ' valnabla book for mra J \
f S3 3. J«»DA.\ & CO.. VXA Alarkwt St.. a F. 9
f EHNYROYAi PILLS
U ,-<»7w -. — Orfetaal »na Only OcsrataeT
py~y*ifJ\HATE. AI-.t. r.1UH«. L.Jlofc ut Dram*
12* #Srr2s« tt^*? b^?- ***•¦••**« s«ra*«
T?1 *2<» SKJ Vtix*m» Sab«tita*i«at and Ia.lt*.
I / / fti «•*>»- Bu 7 •* yor Drsfxl.t, «r leodlt i»
<OOTs2l**'*5e2/J remedy for GonorrhoB*.
r CCE£!»''8r3 O'eet, Spermatorrhoea,
WhlKw, unnatural dij-
RrfiS Gw*nt««(i y charsi . or any infLrrama-
C*b>9 not v> itrietorc. tion, t rltatlon or ulcera-
¦*> > WPr«Tfat» wnufja. tion >l tn noons m*m-
T&Z* VheEvamS Chem'OiCo. *>ran*«. Xon-Mtrinr»nt.
's^^a. cmcmN*Ti.o .fesgi *« ld fc y »r«arsri»«».
U.S. A. JL^Ti 1 B * at la P uia wruppw,
T T M P resi i P"P«ld. for
1 1O °> or 3 bottles, (2.79.
RRTTQWFQ FOR BARBERS, 1AK-
DriUOn£(D en, bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canner*.
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundrlasi. pap«r-
hnngers. printers, painters. sho« factories, sta-
bleman, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, «to.
BUCHA>A.N BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
(1 1}
MARKET ST. S.T.^%aSs^
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer.
- 603 California st.. Clunia b"«™*"g
COAL, COKE AND PIQ IROX.
J.C WILSON & CO 9W Battery Street.
<i«V filly JUI1 tt yy. t Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH-
CW SMITH 8hlp p I«mblnr. Steamboat and
,. "' aalUUi Ship Vcrk a specialty. U aad
» Washington st. Telephone Slain 6641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS ROYFS S" fft Shipping Butchers. 104
OILS.
L.CBRICAT1KO OTLS/ LEONAHD * TTL.LIS.
418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1714.
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils. Schneider's Mtntnc
Candles. CO. CLINCH A CO.. » Front, jj. F.
~ PRINTI.NO. ~
E. f RITfiHF^ PRINTER.
L- t- IlUUnCJt m Bansome st./S. 7.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HXCKS-JUDn CO..
• V . » rnrst St., San Franolsco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Til SSg£!" a PARTRIDSE «» agg 1 "*
WHITE iSil STEAM COAL-gS^S
PIAMOND COAL MININ'Q CO., at Its QREEX
RIVKR COLLIERIES, is th« Best Coal la th»
market. Onlce and Turds — ISO Main street.Ignorance That Pays.
Ths : news , stand man Is : probably tbe
only, dealer, who makes It a point to know
cothmg about h's sooCs. Ask him for any
Another Dividend Declared.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 29.— The organized de^
posltors . of the Union " Savings Bank,
which received a Judgment against" the
stockholders for their pro-rata liability,
cave declared another 5 per cent dividend
among themselves. •• This money : is = col
lected - from ' the stockholders. It makes
40 per cent of the amount of their deposits
they have received from suits. The bank
so far. has -paid 15 per cent in. dividends
from sale of securities and property, mak
ing a total the depositors .have received
of 65 -per, cent. •; >^^aiBBHi8BBaBKjWBBJBMpaB
FBLENDS KNOW. NOTHING/''
& OF ROSS' INTENTIONS
Unable to Confirm the Rumor That
He Will Be Employed on
: Bryan's Paper.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 29.— It
is impossible to either - verify the rumor
that Dr. E. A. Ross, lately removed from
the head of the economics department at
Stanford University, had been offered; a
position on the staff* of William J. Bryan's
proposed paper or that he had accepted a
call - to , th© .University of Nebraska. Dr.'
Ross is at present attending the meeting
of the American Economics Association at
Detroit, Mich. - -*afiB»^,tfBn»W» l "f tJkHi '
Dr. George E. Howard of the history de
partment, who was formerly connected
with the University of Nebraska and has
been one'of the strongest supporters and
the confidential friend of the retired econ
omics professor. ¦ said to-night . that he
knew nothing of the proposed connection
with Bryan's newspaper, but did not care
to be interviewed concerning the second
rumor. ; He said he could not verify the
statement that Dr. Ross had accepted a
call to the University- of Nebraska anrt
further paid that • to his knowledge • Ross,
in looking: over; the field -.of ; university
work, had . not considered Nebraska any
more seriously than other universities. He
admitted, however, ; that there ¦ may have
been further developments, since the ar
rival of Dr/.Koss In the Kast. , ~
OIL BOOH COLLAPSES.
Gasoline Engine Probably Responsi-
ble for Seepage in Santa Clara.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 29.— San Jose's oil boom
appears to have been a 1 little premature,
for Oil Expert Phillips Is convinced that
the .oil found on the Schmerber- ranch
near here is tho seepage from a gasoline
engine, which had been used for pumping
water in the vicinity. The engine was 'on
the side of a hill above where the oil was
supposed to be seeping from the ground,
and he states he - believes the discovery
was the seepage from . the engineer's oil
can and a barrel of crude oil that had
been used- at the engine. It seems that
some of the oil had been accidentally
spilled.
Great excitement was caused by the dis
covery on the Schraerber ranch. Resl-*
dents In the vicinity prospected night and
day, and land which formerly was held at
$100 per acre '. jumped to $1000 per acre. ¦
They refused to sell or lease their land
and tresspass notices wer© posted.
Dr. J. Ellis Rodley, ex-Mayor of Chico,
who was. tried ajtd convicted of perjury,
may have to suffer. penal servitude for
his offense. The Supreme Court yester
day affirmed the judgment of the lower :
court* *
The evidence adduced at the trial de
veloped the fact that a man named Arthur
Fuller died In Butt© County, and after his
death '. a" woman named Mrs. Minnie)
Houseworth presented what purported to
be the last will and testament of deceased
for probate. The estat© "was valued at
$50,000 and the woman was named as tho
sole legatee. Fuller's signature .was at
tached to the document and two witnesses
attested to its genuineness, one of them
Rodley, who was one of th© leading citi
zens of the county. -
During the probate of the • will It de
veloped that Mrs. , Houseworth wrote the
will and she induced Rodley and another
man to sign It. Th© evidence showed that
Mrs. Houseworth had approached other
people and asked them to sign the false
document.
Dr Rodley was arrested, tried and con
victed of " perjury- Ho appealed to the
Supreme Court and- his last hop* "of se
curing a new trial was blasted yesterday
when the Supreme Court handed down a
decision affirming the , judgment of the
lower, coui^~gttaMJBBsn9gA£H»SS
Supreme Court Affirms Con
victionof Chico Doctor
for Perjury.
EX-MAYOR RDDLEY
MAY GO TO PRISON
publication you want, and he will band It
out If it be in his stock. If yon ask him
If i: contains a certain article he is not
able or willing to tell you. One down in
"Wall street, who was asked about this,
shrugged bis shoulders and replied:
"I don't know. "You buy -It and find out.
If I knew It did not contain what you
want and said so I would lose a sale. And
bo it would be with anything but a naws
paper, and I do not read that until even
in sr."
"Is this a custom In tout business?"
"It 1» with those wfio understand thefT
business,", was the reply.— New York Sun.
NOTE— In the- above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column elves the last tide
of ths . day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
piven by the charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Branch Hydroyraphlc Office. V. 8. N. t Mer
chants'. Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
December 29, 1900.
The- time ball on the tower of th« new Ferry
building: was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of tho 120th meridian,' or at I
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
~ C. G. GALKTNB.
Lieutenant Commander, TJ. S. N., la charce-
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saq
¦ Francisco Bay. Published by 'official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at tho
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
flve minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide is the same at both places. •
The C T. Hill's Trouble*.
The 6choor.er C. T. Hi.l. from Gray*
Harbor for La Paz, ai*o put in here in
c; stress yesterday. She is twenty-four
«!ay« out and on r>eceniber IS ehe had al
mest the ss^ne experience as the Fear
less.
••W> were caug-ht Jn a west-soytfcwest
rale eff the Columbia River." said Captain
Ivir.dahl. "and it played havoc with us.
"V\> were thrown on our beam ends and
GOJOR feet of lumber went by the board.
It carried away our fore and main rig
pirg: tnd part of our bulwarks. The cahin
•era* nooced and for two daj~s we could
r.ct light a fire in the galley. I can tell
von I was mighty glad to reach Ean
Frar.dsco. Later we will make La Par."
JCtLry BldTneU Was la It.
The schocfer Mary Bldwell left th« Co
cuttle PJver twenty-two days ago and ran
Into the gal* as soon as she got outside.
Three tisiesi ahe rot r^» a» far as Mendo
c!no City and each time was driven back
to Blanco. Once §he was en her beam
crde. but the wind blew away the Jib and
foresail and 6h« righted. Oil bags were
\;=ed both forward and art as the waves
were coming from ail directions. The oil
rrevented the teas from breaking aboard
and that eavel the vessel.
Two Ehipa Overdue.
The Glory of the Beas left here on De
cember 4 and the America on December
7. both bound for Ccrnox. B. C, In ballast.
The etorras that detained the south
bound fleet should have- Bent them north
in from five to six days. Bo far neither
vessel has been heard from. The friends
cf both Captain Hart and Captain Hard
i-«T are very mtich exercised over this
iact. a* the "Chilian berk Teauco has ar
r'ved at Port Townsend partially fiis
mast-ed and with her deck load gtme, and
reports a vessel bottom m^ off the Van
couver shore. The chances are. however,
that the Glory cf the Sea* and the Ameri
ca were dr.ven away past the straits cf
Hn Juan <le Fuca and are now beating
their way back. .
Sens*. Hore Overdnes.
The ehip Eclipse got in from Tacoma
yesterday after a long na of twenty-two
6&ys. For eighteen days ehe had a suc
•ecvicn of south-soi:thea*t g^Jas. Off
Cci>e Blanco she was ewept from stem to
Etern ar.<i a portion of the bulwarks was
carriea away.
The ship Berlin vu twenty dayi get
tine here from Tacomt and her captain
al«o reports a succession of south-Bouth
ca^t graies las=tin^ fift<=«n days. _
The trhooner ]>?na Swcasy, thirty-four
Cavs from San Bias for Grays Harbor,
rut in to land Mate O. Johnson. During
heavy weather Johnson goes craay and
the captain th*v&pht it would be as well
to ret rid cf him befoT* venturing farther
ronh.
Anstrall* for Tahiti.
Th« Oceanic Steamship Cornpa.ny'e
Australia is ijolng to get away for Pa
re«ti» thr** hours ahead cf time. Bhe is
booked to tail on January 6 at 4 p. m.,
but as the French malls will be here early
the time of eailingr has been changred to
I p. a. _
Water Front Motea.
The Tovo Kisen Kaisha's America Mara
palled for tno Orient yesterday with forty-
Fix cabin passengers and ISO Chinese In
the eteertg*. Amcnir thos<» who went out
In the cabin were Mrs. E. F. Preston, wife
cZ tne well known attorney, and the
M'J'ses J. anfl JC. E. Preston. The ladles
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Etmr Santa Cruz. Htsklft, 24 hours from Fort
Harford.
Ship Eclipse, Larsen, 21 days from Tacoma.
Ehip Berlin. Bennett, 20 days from Tacoma.
Bktn Gardiner City. Walthour. 14 day* from
Port Gamble, via Clallam Bay 7 days.
Sehr AJblon, Goodmansen. 5 days from Co
qullle River. - . -
Schr Abbie, Peterson, S days from Coos Bay.
Schr Wlngr and Wing, Hansen. 45 days from
Port Hadlock. _j
Schr Binder Bros. Wetrel. 40 hours from
Boweas Landins.
Schr Uzxie Vanc«, OlMn. 20 days from Graye
Harbor.
Schr Fearless, LMyquist, 20jdays from Grays
Harbor; bound to Guaymas; pVit In on account
of losing deck load.
Schr C T Hill, Llndahl. 24 days from Grays
Harbor; bound to La Pas; put in on account
of loslc? deck load.
Echr Parkersbcrg, Jorsenaon. Jl days from
Coqullle River.
Schr Lena Swea*ey, Johnson. 34 days from
S&n Bias; bound to Grays Harbor; put in to
land mate O Jotonscn. who Is Insane.
Pchr Mary Bldw«U. Verry. 21 days from Co
quilie Rlv«r.
CLEARED.
Saturday. December ».
Etmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka; Goodall. Per
kins & Co.
Jap stmr America.' Maru, Going. Hongkong,
•tc; W H Avery.
Br ship Crompton, Hums. Qn«esistown; Bal
four, Guthrte tc Co.
Br ship Carmanian, Buna. Queenstown; Ep
plnc»r A Co.
SAILED.
Saturday. December 29.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen. Greenwood.
Stmr Brunswick. Olsen. San Pedro.
Stmr San Pedro. Zaddart. Bureka.
Stmr Point Arena. Hanson. Point Ar*ns_
.. Sunr Geo W Elder, Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Senator, Patterson. Victoria, and Puret
Sound ports.
Etmr Wash ten aw, Zclling-. Tacoma,
Etmr Del Nort«. Allen. Astoria.
Stmr Empire, Maog-enn. Coos Bar.
Stmr Navarro. Peterson, Bo^rens Landing.
Jap stmr America Maru, Qolngr, Honolulu,
Yokohama and Honskon?. .
Br ihlp Anfflesey, Lewis, Quwnstown.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, Boweas Landing;.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec », 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NW, velocity ID miles. •,
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Dec 23— Br shl» Peirasus, pre
viously reported docked at Penarth. makes no
•watsr.
PORT TOWNSEND. Dec 23-Ohll bark Te
muco, which sailed from Port Blakeley Nov 24
for Coqulmbo, put back here partly dismasted,
deck load gone, vessel leaking- and reports ship
bottom side up off Vancouver shore.
SPOKEN
Pek Gardiner City— Dec 25, Ut 45 N. Ion 12«
W, schr Compeer, from Port Ludlow, for Ka
hulul.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived - Deo 29— Etmr Coro
n&do. from Redondo. Dec 23— Schr llaweema,
from -New Whatcom.
FORT ROSS— Sailed Dec 2>-Schr Mary C. for
San Francisco.
PORT TOWXSEND— Arrived Deo 2>-Schr
Marion, from San Dlegro.
SailHi Dec »-Sh!p Star of France, for Algoa
Bay; Br ship Torrisdal?, for Queenatown.
Passed up Dec 29— Jap stmr Rlojun Maru,
from Yokohama, for Seattle
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Dee 2S— Schr Mar
lon, from Ban Pedro.
EtTRBKA— Arrived Dec 2»— Schr Ottille Fjord,
from Kahulul.
Sail«l Dec 23 — Stmrs North Fork and Eu
rr-ka. for San Frajiclseo; stmr Pasadena, for
San Pedro.
COOS BAT— Sailed Deo 17— Schr Melanothon.
for San Francisco; schr Abbie, for San Fran
cisco.
REDONDO— Arrived Dee 2$— Stmr Ooronado,
from Grays Harbor.
SEATTLE— Called Dec 28— SUnr City ©f Se
attle, for Alaska. Dee 23 — Stmr Ellhu Thom
son, for Honolulu. .
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Dee 23-Stmr Noyo, for
Ban Francisco; Btmr Sequoia, for San Fran
cisco.
MARSHFTELO. Or. Deo 29— Sighted wreck
bottom op 75 mll«s west by north Umpq.ua light
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Deo »-Schr Meteor, for
Port Townwnd.
A?TORIA— Sailed Dec 29— Stmr Columbia, for
San FVancisco. • •
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Deo «9— Stmr
Mat to a wan. for Tacoma.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Dec 29— Bktn North
wwt, from New Whatcom.
FOREIGN PORTS,
TOKOHAMA— Sailed Deo K— Br *»tmr Eai
press of Japan, for Vancouver. Dec t* — Br Btmr
T&ng- Tsie, for Seattle. .
NAGASAKI — Arrived Dec 28 — Br stmr
Oopack. from Manila, for Seattle.
A CAPULCO— Arrived Dec 2S— Br bark Zlnlta.
from Newcastle. Aus.
Bailed rvc 1 — Br sh!p Provlno*. for Astoria.
Dec :«— Stmrs City of Para and Costa Rica,
for Panama.
" NANAIMO— Sailed D«c 28— 6tmr Mlneola, for
Port Los Anceles^
CENTRAL AMERICA— Sailed Deo 7— Ger
sttnr IbIs, for K&mburc.
MANILA— Sailed Deo 27— Br ' stmr M erven,
for New York. i
- HONGKONG — Arrived Deo 28— Oer »tmr
Frankfurt, hence Oct 2«.
Sailed Dec 2a— Stmr China, for San Fran-
Arrived Deo 26— Br stmr Pak Ltng-, from Ma
nila.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Bailed Nor »—Br ship
Duchalburn, for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec IS— Br bark Invelnelll, from Bun
flerland. to load for San Francisco. "
MELBOURNB- Arrived Not 8— Br bark City
of Adelaide, from Eureka. Dec 11— Bark Hima
laya, hence Aug 26. -
OCEAN 6TBAMEHS.
HAVBB-Arrived D«o ¦ JJ-6tmr 1a Cham
pagne.- from New Tork.
galled Deo 2S— Stssx La. Bretagne. tor N«w
Tork.
CHERBOURG— Bailed, Deo, »-Stmr Maria
Theresa. - from Bremen aad Southampton, for
New Tork. -' - ¦ ' - *- 1
. LIVERPOOL*— Sailed Dso S»— Stmr * Servla.
for New Tork.
Arrived Dec 2»— Btmr UmbrUu from New
Tork. . - .
ANTWERP— Sailed Dec JJ-Stmr Noordland,
for New Tork. > ¦
KEVT TORK— Sailed Deo 29— Stmr State of
Vebraska. for Glasgow; stmr La Xormandlo,
for Havre: stmr Araaterdam. for Rotterdam ;
Btmr Pennsylvania, for Hambnrr, via Ply
mouth; stmr Campania, for Liverpool: Btmr
Alter.' for. Naples.
Arrived Dec »— etmr ¦ Etrurla. from Liver
pool; Btmr Ne^r Tork. from Southampton.
BOSTON— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Sylvanla, for
Liverrocl. ¦ .. •
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Deo 2»— Stmr Spaara
dam. from N*w Tork.
HAMBURG — Arrived Dec 29 — Stmr Graf Wal
ders«*f% from . New Tork. via Plymouth and
Cherbourg. ;' ¦ ' >
QUEENgTOWN— Arrived Deo 29-Stmr Urn
brta. from New Tork, for Liverpool.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to D«eIV-Stmr
Doric, from Kan Francisco.
- YOKOHAMA- Arrived i Dec 29— Stmr Nippon
ATaru. from San Francisco.
are groins on a tour of the -world. Cap
tain F. P. Gilmore left for Manila, where
he will assume command of the cold stor
age Ehip Glacier. Lee Johnson, president
of the powerful Fe Ong "Wo Company,
was also a passenger.
Passing down the bay the America
Maru stopped off Meigrcs wharf and
picked up an anchor and about thirty
fathoms of chain she had lost when mak
ing- port. The anchor was located and
buoyed up by a boatman last week.
The new pilot boat Pathfinder was out
on her trial trip yesterday. There was a
bis number of invited guests aboard, but
as there was no wind the trial was mere
ly a drifting match. The Pathfinder is a
very handsome craft, not unlike the
America, and should prove a speedy one.
W. Gart fell down the hold of the
steamship Hyades yesterday and broke
his leg and also dislocated his knee. He
was treated at the Harbor Hospital.
NEWS OF 'I' H K OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Th« American stesnsship Hyades will load
coal at Seattle for this port: the- Iiurlln*. mer
chandise at this port for Honolulu.
Shipping Merchants.
Shipments of Wheat.
The British ship Carraanlan cleared yesterday
for Queenatown for orders with 65.063 ctls
wheat, valued at »67,6W, and 15,000 feet lumber
fli:rpnf valued at t~l; total value. $S7.9C5.
The British ship Crompten Also cleared yes
terday for Queenstoiwn with 97.SM ctls wheat,
vaJue'd at 1S7.J6O. and J6.000 feet lumber dun
nage, valued at J4CO; tptal value, J?7,6S0.
Merchandise for the Orient.
TtL* f*9*ncB« liner America 3£axu sailed yes
trr£&y lor China, and Japan with a reneral
ctrpo, manifested as follows: For China. |«8,-
EJ6; for Japan. $J2.?27: for Manila, H4.754; for
East Is41e«, »3C3*: for Vladivostok, $li.<M7;
total value of carro, I141.S6O. The following
were the principal shipments:
For China— JO bx« apples. SS.cr bicycles and
sundries. JCSO lbs bread. 4SS es canned good*.
ISZi lbs chocolate. 4351 lbs cheese, 2ST0 lbs cod
fish. 2931 lbs drl»d fruit, S cs dry good*. 11.250
bbls flow. SS4 pkr» groceries and provisions.
17 cs KM lbs h*™ and bacon. 4 csks ginseng',
i WO lb« lard. 80 bbls raws pork, 11,200 lbs pearl
barley, S cs photo roode, 11SS Iba peas, K» cr
cnlons. 25CJ lbs cleomaixarlne, 10 pkrs raleins,
J381 lbe shrimps. 169 cs salmon. 9000 eais wine,
7» cs whlslty. . -
For Japan-60 bxa apples. 6S pkgrs agricultural
Implements. 900 lbs butter. ZS cr bicycles and
sundries 64 c* canned goods. 1C0 bales cotton.
lilO lbs cheese. 4 cs drugs, 3« cs electrical
roods 4 pJcgs engines and parts, tOOO bbls flour,
43« lbs tr« clay. 146 pkgs groceries and pro-
TUicza, 11 cs hardware 9 bales hoee. 8032 lbs
ham and bacon, 7 cs lamp roods. 99 rolls 2
bales leather lft.WO lbs lard. 40 rolls sheet lead,
1X0 xrfss l«*ad. 2000 keps nails, M bxa oranges.
4 c phonograph roods. 60 cs soap. 200 kegs
saurkraut, 12 vehicles. 2 « 14o0 gals wine, a
o watches. 4 cs whisky.
For Manila-13 c« away rood;. W.^f jaj 9 ,
beer I'M) cs canned poods. 11.000 lb* codfish. 19
c* hardware. ITS' lbs hops. 46 cr machinery. «,-
SCR lbs malt. lffiO kegs nails. 100 cr potatoes, 7
c» r*T*. 4 ca photo goods. 100 cs root beer. 2
cr warrm material.
ForEMt Indics-W bbli » ke«» be*?^ 827 cs
canned goods. < c» hardware, i bbls pork. 2 cs
j£m*t. i pkgs raisins, 119 cs salmon. 6 cs
For Vladivostok— 174 c» tools.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
S&turday. December 19.
Btmr Ciraeao. Parsons. 11 4ay» from Guay
jnaa. via Bin Pedro J4 hoars. • ¦»
Etinr Carina, Beaiean. BH 6VT* from Tiooma,
Btmr Greenwood. Fateriund. 41 ho>ur« from
Port Loe Anrelee- . _ .
gtmr Brunswick, Olsen. U 4*7* from Eureka;
hound to Fan Pedro; put in to land paesen-
Homer. Donaldson. M hour* from Baa
Dieco. via San Pedro 41 hourm.
Struggles in Through, the Golden Gate and Then Drifts Out
Aqain — Number of Schooners in Distress.
*r% cw- A2«T of the overdue fleet and a
/'v\f\l number of vessel* bound for
I \\ '\ otlxcr P 0 "* cy?* in through the
A V iA. Gol&ea Gala yesterday. One of
tneia was bound for Guaymas
mm a another for La Pa*. whll« & third
was oa her Tray from San Bias for Grays
Harbor. Tte long overdue Wing and
VTlng min* in through, the Gate, but the
ebb tide carried her out to e*a again.
En* is a raoet cnforunale old craTt. Some
year* ago ene eterted from Sant* Cruz
for Grays Karbor and when next heard
from she vu at E&nta Barbara. Last
year ehe made an even longer run down
the coast tnan the present cne and on
that occasion, the crew had to catch, s**
culia and eat tnen in order to keep from
«tarv-ir-g. On this occasion it la said tnax
there tre two months' BUpplles on board,
bo there was r.o c&se of esort CQTTiTnoa3.
From what could be seen of her from the
6hcre yesterday the Wing and TVlng did
not seem to be badly battered. In spite
of her fcrty-flve days' rua. from Puget
Scund.
The "Wing and "Wing made port safely
early in the evening. Her captain reports
that during the voyage from Port Hadlock
Um schooner passed through gales for
Twenty daye. During a storm on Decein
r-er 15 tha rudder head was carried away
and the schooner was obliged to make the
rest of the voyage controlled by a jury
rudder.
FEABLZSS IN DISTSESS.
Kew Schooner on Her First Voyagfl
Loses Her Deck Load.
The n*w ech.oor.er F«ar!ess. on her
ineldea run from Grays Harbcr to Guay
mas, had to put In. here in distress yes
terday. She left Graxs Harbor twenty
fiavs r.zr- axid w&a one* on her beam enJ4
end later had to jeuiscn 6J.000 feet of
lumber.
••Frcrn December 16 to 20 we fcad a ter
rible time of it." said Captain LUyqueet
yes:er6ai". "We were in latitude 45 dej.
SO rrJn. north, longitude 126 deg. 20 min.
•R'eet. when there carno down on us a suc
cession, of *outh and southeast gales, ac
companied by mountainous *eas. Th«
prhooner was thrown, en fcer beam ends
ar.d later, in order to save the masts, we
hafl to Jettison a big portion of the deck
load, xhe cabins were Coodedt consider
able dtic&£"e was done about the deck
tr.-i ose or two of the crew received elig-ht
Injuries. Finding that the vessel require!
en overhauling I decided to put into San
Francisco."
Oil producers In two sections are pre
paring to protect their Interests by com
bination, as far as possible. Those of the
Kern County fields have progressed far
ther In the preliminaries than have those
In Los Angeles. Both sections see the ne
cessity ' for concerted action. George X.
Wendling has been made the general man
ager r of the ¦ Producers* Association '•¦' In
Kern County. He will assume the duties
at the . beginning : , of '.'- 1301. Under the
scheme adopted for. marketing the Kern
County oil it is estimated that a charge
of one | cent and possibly a fraction per
barrel will - be all that will be* required
above the freight rates.
The ' Los Angeles producers have held
several meetings to consider the storage,
transportation and marketing of their pe
troleum. ' After considerable discussion
they appointed a committee a week ago
to confer with the Oil Storage and Trans
portation Company, the proposition of
that institution not being considered sat
isfactory. -The substance of the com
pany's terms was that the oil would be re
ceived and paid for at the average price
received from its customers, less 10 cents
per barrel for storage and other expenses.
The committee was discharged at a meet
ing held last Wednesday and a new com
mittee was named to further consider
what ought to be done. Mayor Eaton is
the chairman of this committee.
The Los Angeles situation- is about this
way: Early this year the producers in
Lob Angeles combined for their own pro
tection and, with the aid of the railway
companies, succeeded not only In keeping
oil produced in outside fields from com
peting with the local product, but also
were able to keep prices at a standard at
which oil brought what was considered a
fair profit. For several months, accord
ing to the Los Angeles Times, it has been
evident that the - increased production- in
other . sections had weakened the pool.
Within the past sixty days prices have
shown a -marked decline. ." While there
has been a falling off in the demand."
says the Times, "it is also true that had
the producers held together the petroleum
market would have remained as firm'as
during the earlier months." The situation
may be complicated by the entrance of the
Standard Oil into the field. Interesting de
velopments In the industry within the next
few weekB are reasonably expected.
Oil companies to do business in Califor
nia are still numerously incorporating in
Arizona. Among the more recent com
panies Incorporated are the following:
Stockton Oil and Development Company;
Maricopa Oil Company; Mayflower Land
and Oil Company; Bella Vista Oil Syndi
cate; Puritan Oil Company; Morning
Glory Oil Company; California Fortune
Oil Company; Jewett-Blodgett-Beale Oil
Company; Shasta Consolidated Oil Com
pany; Tiger Oil Company of Bakersfleld;
Vesuvius Oil Company; London, and San
Francisco Oil Association; Vacayille Oil
Company: Blodgett Oil Company; El Cap
itan Oil Company; Geyser Oil Company;
Prlmavera Oil Company; Vulcan Oil Com
pany and Arroya Oil Company. The ag
gregate capitalization of these companies I
is $11,675,000. The amounts range from
$75,000 to 52,000.000 for the respective com
panies.
The first well at Tehachapi has been
started. There are two companies in the
field.
The first- well to go down in Shasta
County will be sunk on the Riverside
farm, which lies along the river directly
east from Redding and about one mile
and a half from the Courthouse. SeeD
ages are reported to have been discov
ered while a water ditch was being ex
tended.
There Is much activity in the Los Ance
les. district. New companies have been
putting down wells. Ono producer, L. G.
Parker, is credited with having fifty wells
on the pump.. C. V. Hall Is a close second
with thirty-five. G. W. Robinson has sev
enteen.
The Santa Maria Times reports ' much
activity in the Santa Maria field.
The Hanford Journal tells the following
story: . . ;., v ?
Jack Rebel, formerly of the Holland colony
o£ this county, left Hanford on November 15
last for Amsterdam, to try to get his friends
there interested in oil lands In California.
Within ten days after his arrival he had or
ganized a company and secured a capital of
$!C0,000- He cabled the cash to pay for forty
acres of first-class land In the Kern River oil
district and his company Is ready to com
mence operations on the land. This U about
the liveliest work in the way of sale of oil
lar.rts. In view of the distance that had to be
traveled by the projector and the obstacles he
had to overcome, that is yet on record.
The Ray copper mines, limited, at Ray,
Arizona, will install oil burners In its con
centrating plant at that place. The com
pany used all the wood it could secure in
the district... building ; a- railroad -seven
miles in length to haul It.- Later an at
tempt to solve the fuel problem was made
by installing gasoline and distillate en
gines, and twelve of these ranging from
fifteen to fifty horsepower were put In.
But after some time spent in attempting
to regulate -and equalize the motion, to
give greater regularity to the running
gear, they were pronounced a failure and
the company has at last come to the con
clusion that liquid fuel Is the proper
thing. ' Experiments have been made
which prove Its efficiency and boilers will
now be used and Pteam power employed to
run the concentrators. A railroad will
be constructed to Red Rock, on the South
ern Pacific Railroad, where connections
may be made with the oil markets.
Several land sales that have recently
b$en effected tell the story of continued
interest in oil fields. Seventeen acres in
th southwestern extension of the Los An
geles city field brought $500 an acre. Lands
In the same vicinity have jumped from
grain acreage prices to $1000 per acre. The
Bakersfleld Callfornlan says: "A man
who had a chance to get in when land waa
selling for $2 50 an acre arrived from the
north this morning. After mature de
liberation he decided not to throw his
money away, but he has now about-made
up hU mind to purchase a tract at $2500
¦an acre."- A tract of 200 acres six, miles
northwest of Los Angeles has 'jeen sold
for a larpe sum to an Eastern jyadicata.
Tho Hblllster Bee reports that th« Wat-
Bonville Oil Company's new well Is down
BOO feet:
Plans to Take Effect Eaxly in the
. New Year in the Leading.
Fields Are Already
Made.
Are Popular.
Organizations to Arrange
: for Marketing Product
OIL PRODUCERS
PREPARING TO
PULL TOGETHER
LONG OVERDUE WING AND WING MAKES PORT
AFTER A MOST TEMPESTUOUS VOYAGE
THE SAN FEANOISCO- CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1900.
SOME OF THE OVERDUE FLEET MAKING PORT AFTER WEEKS OF STRUGGLE WITH HEAVY WEATHER.
TWO ARE HC DISTRESS AND ALL REPORT HAVING SUFFERED MORE OR LESS DAMAGE. MORE DISAS
TERS ARE STILL TO BE CHRONICLED.
TO SAIL.
SUNDAY. DECEMBER 80.
Sun rises 7:25
Sun sets 500
Moon seta 1:S9 a. m.
21
Steamer.
I Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
6anta Rosa. San Diego.... Dec. 30, t ami Pier n
O. Dollar... Grays Harbor Dec. 31, 5 pmlPier 2
Xewburg... Grays Harbor Dec. 31. S pmjPier 2
W. TCruger. Graya Harbor Jan. 1, C pm Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt ...Jan. 1, 9 am Pier 13
Walla Wai. Vic & Pgt Sd Jan. - 1. 11 am Pier 9
Xorth Fork. Humboldt ...Jan. 1, 9 am Pier 2
Bonita Newport Jan. 1. 9 am Pier 11
Manda'.ay... Coqullle Riv.. Jan. 1, 10 am Pier 3
Coronado. .. Grays Harbor Jan. 1, 5 pm Pier 2
Samoa Humboldt ... Jan. 3, 10 am Pier 2
Alaraeda.*. Sydney & Wy Jan. I, 9 pm Pier 7
Queen San Diego — Jan. 2, J am Pier 11
Excelsior... Alas. v. Seat. 'Jan. 2, 2 pmlOUWks
Columbia... Ast'ia & Ptld Jan. 3, 11 am Pier U
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 3,1! m Pier 13
Czarina Seat. & Tacm Jan. 3, i pm Pier 8
Pomona..... Humboldt ...Jan. 3, 2 pm Pier 9
Corona Xewport .....Jan. 4. 9 am Pl#r 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Jan. 5, 2 pm Pier 2
Mexico Mexican Pts. Jan. 8. « mjPier 27
Australia... Tahiti Jan. 6, 4 pm Pier 7
Umatilla.. Me & Pgrt Sd Jan. S. 11 am Pier 9
Curacao Mexican Pts. Jan. 7, 10 am Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Mandalay ...... Coqullle River ...Dec. 80
Robt. Adarason. Nanaimo D«c. 33
Queen San Diego.... Dec. 30
Bonlta Newport Dec. 30
Eureka Humboldt '. Dee. 33
Curacao Mexican Ports Dec. 80
Argo Coquille River Dec. 30
Wellington .... Oyster Harbor Dec 31
Willamette .... Seattle......... Dec. 31
Columbia Portland and Astoria.... Dee, 31
Peru Panama and Way Ports Dee. 31
Australia Tahiti Dec 31
Prcgreso Seattle — Dec. SI
Coronado San Pedro Jan. 1
City of Peking China and Japan Jan. 1
Arcata Coos Bay ...Jan. 1
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 1
Mexico Mexican Ports Jan. 1
Corona Newport Jan. 2
Umatllla ....... Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 2
Crescent City.. Crescent City Jan. 2
Mackrnaw Seattle Jan, 2
Point Arena Point Arena Jan. 3
Santa Rosa .... San Diego Jan. 3
O. TV. Elder.... Portland Jan. S
O JfTlme Time Time Time
g Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W L.W H W ¦ L. W
» ... «:03 6.9 1:02 0.4 7:41 |.J ~
L W H W / L W - H W
tl ... 0:19 2.4 6:54 «.l 2:04—0.3 8:56 4.0
1 ... 1:15 2.T 7:51 6.S 2:57—0.5 10:00 44
» ... 2:20 2.8 8:41 C.4 3:43—0.9 10:51 4 6
8... 3:14 2.9 J.ai , «.5 4:55—1.0 11:40 48
i ... 4:04 3.0 10:21 6.0 5:17—1.1
H W • L W • H "W L VT
t ... 0:24 6.0.4:54 2.» 11:08 ' <¦» 8:00 —t.Q
O JfTlme Time Time Time
g Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W L.W H W ¦ L. W
» ... «:03 6.9 1:02 0.4 7:41 |.J ~
L W H W / L W - H W
tl ... 0:19 2.4 6:54 «.l 2:04—0.3 8:56 4.0
1 ... 1:15 2.T 7:51 6.S 2:57—0.5 10:00 44
» ... 2:20 2.8 8:41 C.4 3:43—0.9 10:51 4 6
8... 3:14 2.9 J.ai , «.5 4:55—1.0 11:40 48
i ... 4:04 3.0 10:21 6.0 5:17—1.1
H W • L W • H "W L VT
t ... 0:24 6.0.4:54 2.» 11:08 ' <¦» 8:00 —t.Q
Steamer.
I Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
6anta Rosa. San Diego.... Dec. 30, t ami Pier n
O. Dollar... Grays Harbor Dec. 31, 5 pmlPier 2
Xewburg... Grays Harbor Dec. 31. S pmjPier 2
W. TCruger. Graya Harbor Jan. 1, C pm Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt ...Jan. 1, 9 am Pier 13
Walla Wai. Vic & Pgt Sd Jan. - 1. 11 am Pier 9
Xorth Fork. Humboldt ...Jan. 1, 9 am Pier 2
Bonita Newport Jan. 1. 9 am Pier 11
Manda'.ay... Coqullle Riv.. Jan. 1, 10 am Pier 3
Coronado. .. Grays Harbor Jan. 1, 5 pm Pier 2
Samoa Humboldt ... Jan. 3, 10 am Pier 2
Alaraeda.*. Sydney & Wy Jan. I, 9 pm Pier 7
Queen San Diego — Jan. 2, J am Pier 11
Excelsior... Alas. v. Seat. 'Jan. 2, 2 pmlOUWks
Columbia... Ast'ia & Ptld Jan. 3, 11 am Pier U
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 3,1! m Pier 13
Czarina Seat. & Tacm Jan. 3, i pm Pier 8
Pomona..... Humboldt ...Jan. 3, 2 pm Pier 9
Corona Xewport .....Jan. 4. 9 am Pl#r 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Jan. 5, 2 pm Pier 2
Mexico Mexican Pts. Jan. 8. « mjPier 27
Australia... Tahiti Jan. 6, 4 pm Pier 7
Umatilla.. Me & Pgrt Sd Jan. S. 11 am Pier 9
Curacao Mexican Pts. Jan. 7, 10 am Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Mandalay ...... Coqullle River ...Dec. 80
Robt. Adarason. Nanaimo D«c. 33
Queen San Diego.... Dec. 30
Bonlta Newport Dec. 30
Eureka Humboldt '. Dee. 33
Curacao Mexican Ports Dec. 80
Argo Coquille River Dec. 30
Wellington .... Oyster Harbor Dec 31
Willamette .... Seattle......... Dec. 31
Columbia Portland and Astoria.... Dee, 31
Peru Panama and Way Ports Dee. 31
Australia Tahiti Dec 31
Prcgreso Seattle — Dec. SI
Coronado San Pedro Jan. 1
City of Peking China and Japan Jan. 1
Arcata Coos Bay ...Jan. 1
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 1
Mexico Mexican Ports Jan. 1
Corona Newport Jan. 2
Umatllla ....... Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 2
Crescent City.. Crescent City Jan. 2
Mackrnaw Seattle Jan, 2
Point Arena Point Arena Jan. 3
Santa Rosa .... San Diego Jan. 3
O. TV. Elder.... Portland Jan. S
We ¦ are iellingr agents •• for /'Waterman
Ideal": Fountain Pens, : and the 1'Mar-
shall." the best XI pen in the world. These
make Ideal New Year ~ gifts. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.; 741 Market St. v : •
'. Th» favorite steamship. "Australia, will
sail'for Tahiti at 1 p. m. on Sunday. Janu-
ary 6. 'The glowing 1 reports ; of. those who
mada the trip on the first voyage: of Uhls
steamship ; to Tahiti •; have attracted the
attention -and Interest -of i many." others,
who i will " make- the trip on January 6.
Special -party, rate ¦ for ¦ the * steamship ot
the 6th. Office 643 -Market'etreet. •
SOME OF THE SUPERIOR FEATURES OF THE .
ATLAS PIPE WRENCH
ILLUSTRATED. *
3 a r
THE ILi.USTRATIC?J U r»»ro«aosd from * photojmph of an ll-lach Atlu Pipe Wrench
In operation on a 2-lsch plx>» and demonstrates why It Aon not cruah to* plp«. Ex- .
r_.v.'.r» the l!lustr&tlon crA yon will readily ft that the teeth grip the pipe at an angl*
and the crfPJ>i£* point is In advance of the handle, showing: that In screwing a pipe
Tm M _ Bush'i* « ahead, and ****** yo" *° n °t 6.1* Sato the ptpe and drae It as in other pipe
i.ri *i.T» the--erore you <io not crush It. F\>r the ssjne reason the Atlas Pipe Wrench can not
lockcBiha pipe. a« th« £Tipplc» point, belna; m •.dranc* cf th« handle. It Is Impossible for
T^e^Illustration also sbowi that the wrench is Jut u effective when fully extended M
when saed on the fcTnaller size of pipe. Die movable }*w. as represented in the Illustration, is
in slot marked No. 3 fcr tbe larcer sizes: by shifting to Blot marked No. 2 tbe wrench can be
Lsed oEibf medium sizes of pipe; and. shifted to slot marked No. 1. can be used ja the
""^F-ot (^ami»Je«. on the U-lnch wrench, tlot Ko. 1 tor »4 to 1-lnch pipe, slot No. t foVltfc
and l"-ir.eh p'.pe. tlot No. 2 for 2-lnch pipe. . .
The •-.*.*> ja.w, as the illustration also shows, is not a screw jaw. and therefore has no
*»-«>9k narr Tt!*re are no nuts on the wrench to Jam. and there are no delicate parts. to gret
out oforter or break. Every part of the wrench is made strocs; and will stand, hard usas*.
Tt ban the rood <juaJitl»« of the chain ripe wrench and screw pipe wrench combined without
havin* the faults cf *>ither. Made cf a Bpeclal wrench steel, drop-forged and every wrench
tweied !t ii ea.«ily and qutrkly adjarted and superior to all other wrenches In ftrensth. dura-
bility.' BimDllcity and eff erti\ eness. IU «lmplicity combined with effectiveness should appeal
tr- x.if t«"»« of pipe wrMirh**.
it »ill b« TmU.e+4 that our 24-ineh wi-ench wui take % Inch largrer pipe than other wrenches.
¦ rid'c-inch rrnirb 1 inch larger ptpe: and. as stated, the wrench is jnnta« effective when-
iullr ertend'd a« when u*pd on email eizes. A set cf four wrenches. will handle- all sizes
rCt vn±h all the eb-^ve advantacW and known raperlorlty over air other pip* wrenche*v «tlll
the price l» no M?her than others now on the market. The J4-lneh and «l-ineh have inserted
««»» in handle A»lt» Pipe Wrench Co.. Flood building:. San FVaneisco; 121 liberty street, .
i^Bw Tork: works. Haven. ConnecUcnt. » ¦
- ¦ -^ '-- 0 - *
•2-2-8"FJwa3jL5t
A thousand' rolls of HEAVY MATTING,
i y CENTS
C Worth 15c.
A thousand rolls of LINEN WARP JAP,
fine Brussels patterns,
OO CENTS
- : . Jm*** Formerly 50c.
-Two hundred rolls CASHMERE CAJJPET,
'', a yard wide, beautiful patterns,
WHOLLY BETWEEN OURSELVES
We'll Tell You About a
Y>T/^ "O TT.P C ATP!
DIVX 11UU klilJLJj.
rNOME INTO THE ART CARPET SHOP "AND LOOK,
around" and thinking will be easy. Rich, soft colored,
antique, Oriental in design. Scarcely anything may be more
useful, ornamental or lasting. Perfect choice, and prices
lowest anywhere.
THFSF HINTS*
18x36 60c 6x9 87.50
26x54.... ...$1.25 9x12 12.50
30x60 1.75 12x12 15160
35x72 4.25 12x15 19.60
4x7 3.65 18x21 — 87.50
Soft, SiT^y R*&,
36x 72 t # , $2.34
P,QyallOiltQnR,ugs Jfxmmster Hugs.
30x60 $3.75 Sofa Size. $2.30
36x70 5.75 Large Sofa 4.40
12x9..., ....35.00
2^x3 Yards $4.1O 3x3 Yards $4.95
3x4 Yards 6.30 3x3J Yards ..5.75
BECAUSE WE ARE SELLING OUT!
I Greme )l
(I de Lis \|
Vn With winter comes tt» /
111 trouble of 'keeptns; the I
/// skin smooth and soft. \
III Crcma da Us will prcteet '
III - - It from all of winter's ills. I
\\\ It soften* and txautl- /,
\\\ fies the skin and gives It If
Jfi the freshness of youth. ll
/// At all druggists'. \
I/I FREE FOR A YEAR !
\\\ To induce you to us*
\\\ Creme de.LJ«, the famous
111 cosmetic,' we are - giving '
// fre«? yearly subscrlptlona \
I to the
u Woman's
u Home Companion,
If (Regular subscription \\
< | price $1.O>.) . II
1 ll Drop us a card to-day for //
\\ full particulars as to how //
II. you can get the magazine 1
/# a year for nothing. - ¦ \\
H Mention this paper and \\
Iff address E. B. HARRING- 111
lU TON & CO., Los ABgele*, ///Eureka " Chib Officers.
At a meeting of the. Market Street and
Eureka Vall«y Improvement Club : held
on Friday night the following named were
elected -officers: President; R.'C.' Clark*
vice president, W. L. Coles; secretary W
E. Dubois; treasurer,' M. ; C.- Gimpel; ser
geant-at-arms. C. Crpwley; executive com
mittee — Dennis Barry. ; W. J.* Cuthbertson"
J. McDonald, S. Jackson and A. L. Tunl-
Bon;' finance committee— E. B. Carr F
Flynn and \V." L. Coles; delegates to Fed
erated Clubs, R. C. Clark and W. L. Coles.
WAS NOT ABLE; TO;
i GIVE HER TESTIMONY
ST. JOSEPH, Dec. 29.— Mrs.! Richardson,
widow of - ; the millionaire merchant who
was murdered in his own' home inSa
vannah.'Mo.;^Christmas!eve,idld not take
the stand to-day and give the sensational
testimony ; her friends had promised the
prosecuting" attorney she- would give, but
lemained'at home in bed in care of the
family, physician; ;•:> Not even officers of
the : law t « were \ permitted to .Renter, the
premises for an investigation of the
woman's . condition. ,.\The • mystery of the
murder ; deepens; as^ the evidence is pre
sented.' Officers have 1 Investigated Goldie
"Whltehead's connection. with the case and
say they • believe- she was . not in ; Savan
nah on the night. of the murder.' r
County of San Diego Loses.
The county of San Diego has lost
its suit against C. R. Dauer, ex-
County Treasurer, through the statute
of limitations. The Supreme Court yes
terday affirmed the Judgment of the lower
court and held that even though the
county of San Diego might have a
right to collect the money due it, yet it
was barred by the statute of limitations.
Dauer was sued for $24,108 87, which It was
claimed had not been turned over to his
successor in office. The facts In the case
shewed that Dauer had deposited $37,090 55
in the- California National Bank of San
Diego, which closed its doors. The county
officials succeeded In getting $12,981 63
from the wreck. Suit was filed against
Dauer for the amount and two weeks
later the Board of Supervisors ordered
the action dismissed. A second action was
filed some years later, but the statute of
limitations operated against the plaintiffs
and Dauer and the sureties on bis bond
escaped responsibility,
Harmony Alliance Officers.
Harmony Alliance No. 15, S. P. of A..
has . chosen the following named as its
officers for the ensuing term: William
Collins, president; Joseph O'Brien, senior
vice president; H. Caveny, junior vice
president: John Ganey, : recording secre
tary: James J. Wrenn, corresponding sec
retary: Thomas McKeoii, treasurer; James
Sullivan, conductor; H. McCabe, sergeant
at arms; John Kearns, guard; John Doyle.
James J.- Dunne and Charles J. Collins,
trustees; Thomas McKeon and John
Doyle, delegates.; Jamos Sullivan -and H.
Caveny, delegates to ihe State Council.
City of Oakland Loses.
The Supreme Court handed down a de
cision yesterday^in favor of the Southern
Pacific and Central . Pacific railroads in
the suit brought against those corpora
tions by the city of Oakland to recover
taxes. In 1S34 the Council of the city of
Oakland, acting aa a Board of,Equaliza
tion, arbitrarily raised the assessment of
the railroads to $6S1,5OO. They refused to
pay and suit ,was brought to collect the
taxes. Judgment was given In favor of
the defendants in the lower court and
the city appealed. In affirming the judg
ment the Supreme Court holds that the
statute is very explicit In telling how as
sessments are to be raised or lowered, and
that the City Council, did not follow out
the letter of the law, inasmuch as there
was nothing, to show that testimony was
taken at t the hearing of the raising of
these assessments and its action was
therefore Invalid. a fn3fl6ffiimWiLBMffS
Picture Frames for New Year.
"We have a larg-o lot of very artistic
and original designs in ready-made frames
for portraits and regular sizes of pictures
generally, which we can have ready for
delivery at one clay's notice. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market St. •
Special Dispatch to The Call
SUISUN, Dec. 29.— Mrs. James H. White,
wife of a prominent orchardist of upper
Suisun Valley,, ended heV lite early thl3
morning by swallawing half of the con
tents of a bottle of cresolene. The death
of Mrs. -White was a gTeat shock to the
people of this community, as ahe has
shown no apparent signs, even to her own
family, of the contemplation of such a
horrible deed. She undoubtedly was tem
porarily deranged from cares and worries.
Her.husband was In very poor health and
she has been in constant attendance upon
him for about three weeks. He was 111 in
bed and in an almost helpless condition.
Mrs. White slept'on a lounge in the sick
room, which she left shortly before 4
o'clock this morning. Shortly thereafter
Mr. .White heard -the ciiesof one 'of the
children, who slept upstairs, and-thought
his wife was there. About three hours
later he called for some one to come to
his room, and his eldest daughter an
swered the call. "He at once asked where
her mother was and after looking about
the house, the Rlrl returned and told him
she could not find her. .
A • search about . the buildings . was im
mediately made, and about 10 o'clock the
nearest neighbors were, notified. A num
ber of people responded and a general
search ' was instituted. At 11 o'clock
Georgre Wagner, one of the party, found
the lifeless body of the unfortunate wom
am . lying face downward In a shallow
stream of water in a creek about three
eighths of a mile from. the house. On the
bank of. the creek was the partly : filled
vial of poison, which explained the cause
of death. - . • - "¦• .
After leaving the house Mrs. "White" evi
dently wandered among the fruit trees on
the frost-covered ground and selected the
lonely spot for her death. She. was fully
dressed with the exception of shoes and
hat. The deceased was about 40 years of
age and was held » in high ' esteem by fall
who knew her. ¦ Besides her Invalid hus
band, five children are left to mourn her
loss/ ' "¦ ¦ " '-. . .* ¦ - : : ¦ ¦. - ¦-... •*. '¦. ¦
Mrs. James H. White Ends
Her Life in Upper Sui
sun Valley.
Human Electricity.
RANCHER'S WIFE
DRIKS POISON
Nature (as of old) overlaps all suffering
with a controller nerve which any one
may press into healthy action without de
lay or expense. Call or send for free
sample copy of Natural Cure. No. 16, 819
Market St.. San Francisco, Cal. " -•
DOW COMPANY BLAMED
FOR BROCK'S DEATH
Coroner's Jury Returns a Verdict of
Censure for Making the Side
walk Dangerous.
A verdict of censure was returned by a
Coroner's jury yesterday In the cas # e of
the death of little Clifton Brock, who was
Instantly killed last Friday by the fall of
a molding flask In front of Dow's
foundry. on Beale street. The jury finds
as follows: . '
'That the said Clifton Brock, age 6 years,
came to his death December 28, 1900, through
fracture of the Ekull, caused by a casting or
molding flask falling upon him; that said arti
cle was in front of premises on sidewalk oc
cupied by the Georj?e E. Dow Pumping Engine
Company. \Ve further find that the George E.
Dow Pumping Engine Company was negli
gent and careless In placing: said casting on
the sidewalk in an Insecure manner. \ We fur
ther hold the George E. Dow Pumping Engine
Company responsible for the death of said
Clifton Brock.
The verdict was approved by the Coro
ner.
The following letter has been received
by this paper:
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: "Would you
kindly thank the employes of the Dunsmulr
bunkers through you paper for their kindness
in helping the parents of the little boy, Clifton
Brock, who was killed In front of Dow's Brass
AVorks on Friday morning, as they were in
great need and as they were strangers here,
and oblige his heart-broken parents?
A Grateful Father.
In a communication addressed to The
Call from'T. W. Harrison of Kansas City,
father of Robert Harrison, one of the vic
tims of the Thanksgiving day accident,
he returns thanks to the people of thi3
city for the care and attention bestowed
on nis son. He wishes to correct the state
ment that the boy had left home without
his permission. "Robert," writes Mr.
Harrison, "wsnt to California to visit his
uncle, but finding/ that his relative had
gone to Alaska, he procured a position in
San Francisco." ;
The Challenge Explained.
For some time there was some talk of
a challenge to take place. This challenge
Is given out by the Pattoslen Company,
corner of Sixteenth and Mission streets.
Some stores remarked that the Pattoslens
do not sell all their furniture and carpets
cheaper than others, which this firm dis
claims, whereupon it challenges all com
ers. Read explanation on page 19. •
Th© Philological Association of the Pa
cific Coast ended its annual meeting with
two sessions held yesterday in the rooms
of the Hopkins Institute of Art and ad
journed to meet on December 27 and 28,
1901, at the same place. At* the morning
and afternoon sessions a number of very
Interesting papers were presented, but the
pleasure of listening to them was some
what marred owing to the entire absence
of any heat in "the rooms and the conse- ;
quent cold atmosphere. The reports of,
the secretary and treasurer were adopted
and the following named were elected of
ficers for the ensuing year: President,
Professor E. Flugel of Stanford; first vice
president. Professor E. B. Clapp of Berke
ley; second vice president. Professor E.
N. Pease of Stanford; executive board-
Professors W. A. Merrill, C.|M. Gayley,
Max L. Margolls of Berkeley and Profes
sor J. Goebel of Stanford. Professor J.
E. Matzke of Berkeley was re-elected sec
retary and treasurer.
The papers presented at yesterday's
meetings were extremely analytical and
showed deep study of the subjects select
ed. In the morning the following papers
were presented; "Corrections to •> Lid
del and Scott's Greek Lexicon" by Profes
sor A. T. Murray of Stanford; "Notes on
the History of Philology In the Middle
Ages" by Professor E. Flugel of Stan
ford; the meaning of the Latin verbs
"educare" and "educere" as compared to
the English verb "educate" was explained
at length by Professor W. A. Merrill of
Berkeley, and an interesting ¦ paper was
read by Professor H. B. Lathfop of Stan
ford, showing the indebtedness of . the
English writer, Fielding, to - the Spanish
poet, Cervantes. . . . .
At the afternoon session Professor Goe
bel of Stanford presented a paper on "The
Principles of Hermeneutics" ; Professor
L. J. Richardson of Berkeley read a
clever analysis on "The Form of Horace's
Lesser Asclepiads"; Professor A. Putkzer
of Berkeley showed ithe - indebtedness of
Schiller to the Greek \: poets, quoting
numerous instances where the works of
the German poet, though written in Ger
man.-really had an entire Greek atmos
phere; J. Elmore of ' Stanford ¦ present
ed an able paper on "Notes on the Text of
Plautus," and Professor Matzke read the
paper of Professor B. I. Wheeler on "The
Legality of the Laws of Sound, or the
Causes of Uniformity in- Phonetic
Change." This paper of Professor
Wheeler was read by Professor Matzke In
the absence of the president of the*asso
clatlon, who Is attending, the convention
of the Philological Association in Phila
delphia. Before the meeting closed yes
terday a resolution of regret .'was passed
on the recent death ¦ of Professor Moses
Cort Tyler of Cornell, the eminent Ameri
can historian.
End of the Annual Meeting
of the Pacific Coast
Society.
ly 14,000 (Jrish and Irish-American in his
parish. Ts'ow this number has been re
duced to 300. In addition to the 2000 Chi
nese, there are 10,000 • Italian residents of
tbe district. Dens of vice, Inhabited by
white as well as brown men and women,
infest the territory, and the priest's work
Is almost wholly confined to people who
have fallen from the graces of respecta
bility. Regarding the conditions of the
Chinese in the Eastern metropolis, Father
McLoughlin had this to say last night:
"My experience with the sportive ele
ment of the Chinese In New York has
been that the Mongolians will gamble
despite all efforts to suppress their sport.
They do not admit whit?' men to their
rooms and little harm is done. I do not
think it possible to stop them as long
as there are two of them left on earth
within traveling distance of each other.
The laws of New York City are against
Chinese gambling, but they are seldom
enforced, owing to the tribute which is
constantly paid to the police.
"l'ou might as well try to stop the ebb
of the tide as to attempt to suppress
gambling. Something in human nature
calls for games of chance, and the only
thing that can be asked for is that the
police keep the thing under cover as much
as possible, that it will not be flaunted
In the face of the public as If it had a
right to exist. From a theological stand
point we cannot license vice, but when
It must exist, it should be confined to cer
tain quarters and kept within bounds.
"It is almost uselss to try to instill any
principles of Christianity into the hearts
of the Chinese. I had three Mongolians
In my congregation. One of them did not
attend mass regularly on Sunday morning
and I took him to task for it. He replied
that If I had my 'celebration' on some
other day he would be willing to attend,
but Sunday was a day too full of pleas
ures to be interrupted by church going
He deferred to the mass as a 'celebration '
and that was all the significance it bore
for him. The other two Chinese regarded
Christianity probably in the same light "
PHILOLOGISTS
ANALYZE SPEECH
REV. THOMAS P. MCLOUGHLIN.
pastor of the Church of the
Transfiguration of New York
City, whose rare talents as an
'orator, scholar and musician
have brought his name into prominence
throughout the country, arrived In this
city Friday and will remain here for sev
eral weeks. During his stay the reverend
father will deliver severa.1 lectures, prin
cipally on music, and will use his sweet
tenor voice In illustrating the melodies
which will furnish his theme.
Father McLoughlin's first lecture will
be given for the benefit of the League of
the Cross Cadets at the Metropolitan
Temple Wednesday evening, January 16.
Ita subject will be "Ancient Melodies of
Ireland." The gifted priest will not' only
explain the melodies, but he will sing
them, that the audience may better judge
of their exquisite sweetness, and he Is
said to sing them better than any other
man now before the public. His voice Is
a clear tenor and has delighted audiences
in most of the large Eastern cities for
manv years past.
Father McLoughlin treats of the Irish
ballads from an historic standpoint and
will prove from both English and Scot
tish testimony their antiquity. He also
touches upon Irish literature and ex
plains fully the history of the Celtic lan
guage.
On the subject of music, both sacred
and profane. Father McLoughlin has lec
tured throughout the East and at the ses
sions of the Catholic Summer School.
During' his stay here he will also deliver
discourses on church music and negro
melodies, both of which he will illustrate
by singing.
The Church of the Transfiguration, of
which Father McLoughlin Is the pastor,
is In the heart of Chinatown in New York
CHy. Years ago, and before the Mongo
lians nocked to this land, there were near-
WELL KNOWN
OARSMAN WEDS
Alexander Pape Leads Miss
Agnes Walsh to the
Hymeneal Altar.
A charmine home wedding was cele
brated last evening when Alexander Pape,
the well known amateur oarsman, was
united In marriage to Miss Agnes Walsh
at the home of the groom's parents, 2121
Leavenworth street.
The bride, who is an orphan, was
charmingly attired In white satin and was
accompanied by her sister. Miss Nellie
Walsh; as bridesmaid; Mrs. H. Crandall
giving the bride away. Victor Caglieri
was the groomsman and the ceremony of
marriage . was performed by the Rev.
Father McCauliff of St. Brigid's Church.
Van Ness Avenue. Immediately after tne
ceremony the happy couple and their
many friends sat down to an elaborate
supper and at a late hour departed for
the Palace Hotel ffmidst a shower of rice
and old clippers, Indicative of good luck.
This morning the bridal couple will leave
for the south for a brief honeymoon. •
Both bride and groom are extremely
popular In social circles and they received
many handsome wedding gifts. Among
these present at the wedding ceremony
were: Miss L. Hammersmith, Miss M.
Shark, Professor Sid Cavlll, Miss Rlordan,
B Riordan. Miss Nell Rlordan, Miss May
Hannan. Miss G. Corbett. Mr. and Mrs
W McCauland, Mrs. E. Henderson, Mrs.
M. Crandall. Miss Kittle Kentzel, Miss
Julia Hergett, A. Seller, Mrs. L. Seller,
Mrs J. T. Sullivan, Mr. and Mrs. G. Cagr
liert. Dr. Caglieri. Mr. and Mrs. jF. Pape,
Mr and Mrs. E. Koenlg, Miss Adel© Cag
lieri Miss L. Seller, Mrs. Munch, Mrs.
Seller. Mr. and Mrs. G. Wagner, Miss E.
Leeert, Mrs. Lllkendey, H. Lilkendey.Mlss
Sophie Lllkendey. Mr. and Mrs. F. Wessel,
A H. Pape. Miss Clara Seller. J. Meyer.
Miss Louise Seller, E. Cudworth, Miss
Mamie Wessel, H. Wessel and Mrs. Hoff
! The eroom In addition to being a mem-
J ber of the Olympic, Dolphin and Scheut
zen Vereln clubs. Is also a prominent
¦ member of the Native Sons of tne Golden
West and occupies a responsible position
with the American Biscuit Company of
San Francisco.
PASTOR OF THE CHURCH OF THE TRANSFIGURATION OF THE EM
PIRE STATE METROPOLIS, WHO HAS WON FAME AS AN ORATOR,
SCHOLAR AND MUSICIAN.
ELIGIBLE INSPECTORS
FOR HEALTH DEPABTMEUT
Civil Service Commission Announces
Those From Which Appoint-
„ xnents May Be Hade.
The Civil Service Commission announced
on Thursday the following eligible lists of
Inspectors of the Health Department:
Assistant Sanitary Inspectors — William C.
Hassler 99.9, William S. Hereford 99.1, Roland
E. Hartley 99.1, Alexander 8. Keenan 98.2, Har
rington B. Graham 9S.1, Jonathan Green 95.3,
Frank T. Fitzglbbon 93, Frederick H. Stahle
S9.2.
Food Inspectors — William R. Robertson 100,
John W. Tracy 98.85. ThomaB P. Lydon 97.85,
George W. Dunster 37.7. John F. Derham 97.2,
Joseph F. Lahaney 96.25, Edw.' F. Murphy 91.23,
Frank T. McGinney 83.7, Daniel Reardon 82.9,
Oswald S. Mish 77.2 and John T. Sllvera 76.9.
Of the sanitary inspectors Hereford.
Hartley, Keenan, Graham and Green a.e
at present employed in the Health De
partment, and their standing on the eligi
ble list assures their reappolntment. Of
the food inspectors Robertson, Dunster,
Derham, Murphy, ' Reardon and Sllvera
are employed. In the department. Sllvera
may fail of reappolntment, as be is Just
outside of the number which will be cer
tificated, for the positions by the commis
sion.
The programme prepared for the Red
Cross watch-meeting, which will see one
century shoved Into its grave and a new
one born, is a bill of entertainment that
ought to be strong 1 enough to pack Golden
Gate Hall with people to-morrow night.
The splendid Third Artillery band, by
permission of the military authorities, will
play at intervals. Mme. Camllle d'Arville-
Crellin, who»has delighted thousands by
her singing on the professional stage, will
be heard, and the choristers of the Good
Samaritan Mission will lift their voices
In sweet harmony. -These are but sam
ples of what the programme will provide.
At midnight, when the final minute of the
nineteenth century passes into time that
has gone and 'the first one of the new be
gins the hundred-year period that Is to be,
the patriotic music, of '"America" will
burst forth from the band and the as
semblage will -Join in Kinging: the national
hymn. . _ ¦' r; ¦
The admission to these beautiful and
impressive ceremonies will be but 50 cents.
No obstacle will be placed in the way of
such generous persons as may wish to
announce during the meeting contribu
tions In aid of the National Red Cross.
The programme follows:
"Hail to the Spirit of Liberty" Sousa
Third Artillery. Band (courtesy "Colonel Rawles*
Prayer Rev. George Adams
Processional. "Onward, Christian Soldiers" •
'.....Sullivan
Choristers of Good Samaritan Mission.
Address Mayor James D. Phelan
Reading, "Century Greetings"...
Rev. Bradford Leavltt
Song, "To the Front" Adams
Mr. Toung.
Hymn, "O Come. All Ye Faithful".. Choristers
Violin and piano fa) "Spanish Dance" (Sar
as-ate); fb) "First Movement, Suite 3"
(Franz Ries) 1
Hother Wismer and Miss Marie Wilson.
Reading, "Greetings" Rev. Mr. Turner
Hymn. "The Son of God Goes Forth to
War" .• Choristers
Recessional, "A Few More Yearn Shall
Roll" Choristers
Overture, "America" Third Artillery Band
Songs Mme. Camllle d' Arville-Crellln
¦Accompanied by Miss 'Moroney.
Violin and piano, adagio. Op. 145 Spohr
Hother Wismer and Miss Marie Wilson.
Intermission, during which the band
will play "La Paloma" and selections from
"Martha."
Remarks ..' Frank J. Symmes
Vocal duet Mrs. Arnold and Mr. Young
Reading. "Greetings".. Rev. Jacob Voorsanger
Intermezzo, "Cavallerla Rusticana"..Mascagni
Third Artillery Band.
Aria Mrs. Arnold
With violin obliRato by Henry Heyman.'
Reading of more "Greetings"
"Musical Trip Through Europe" Conradl
Third Artillery Band.
"Ring Out, Wild Bells" Gounod
Mrs. Walter Fonda, accompanied by Harry
Fonda.
AT MIDNIGHT.
National hymn, "America
By the whole audience, accompanied by band.
Closing prayer Rev. John Hemphlll
Concluding with the Lord's Prayer, recited by
whole audience standing.
Camilla d'Arville-Crellin Will Be
Among the Performers and
I ! "America" Will , Be Sung
! V : at Midnight. '
Red Cross Workers Prepare
Splendid Watch-Night
Programme.
PLAN TO GREET
NEW CENTURY
Eight deputies In the Tax Collector's
office who did not take the civil service
examination and are consequently in dan
ger of losing their positions have decided
to bring suit to restrain the Civil Service
Commission from certifying to a list of
eligibles for positions of deputies In the
tax cSice until the Jecision is handed
down fa the cases new on appeal in tho
Supreme Court, The deputies who have
agreed to take steps to retain their posi
tior.E are Harry I3aehr Herman Enkle,
George Fiddes. \V. V'allet. Louis Devoto,
Berjuir.in Levy, John G. Fitzgerald and
Tie plan has been in contemplation ever
slr.ee the examination was held two
months ago. but no decided move was
ss'ade ur.ui a few day& ago and the facts
only Kaked out yesterday. As now agreed
upon Oeorge D. Collins, who has been re
laii.ed by the deputies interested, will go
before the Superior Court some time next
week and apply lor f>. restraining order to
prevent the commistio.i from certifying
the r.amt-s of eligible* for deputies in the
Tax Collector's olfl< c
Collins will base his application on tho
fact that one of the ccses now on appeal
before the Supreme Court concerns tiie
validity ut the txister.ee of the Civil Ser
v!<» <"i rnmission. Thv poin: at issue is
that there is no constitutional provision
for the appointment of a municipal Civil
Service Commission. On tho ground that
;he d<<.;>ion of the Supreme Court may
Fevers? the decision of Judce Cook, who
overruled the demurrer of the plaintiff
in that case, Collins w;il ask for a post
5.1 r.< rocr.t of the official acts of the com
mission until the diluted point Is set-
The deputies hope in this way to gain
r few months' time if the restraining or
<:<>r is pranted. as it ji» not thought like'.y
that tho Supreme Court will hand down a
decision on the point mentioned nor on
that of the power of the commission to
create vacancies, whi.-h was argued be
fore Judge Hebbard. until next April and
possibly not until after that. The depu
ties hope to be continued in their places
until that time at least-
None of the deputies would discuss the
matter when approached yesterday. They
had several conferences with Tax Collect
or Scott, but he afforoed them scant com
fcrt. He stated that he had advised them
to take the examination and they had re
fused. Scott will hava a conference with
the Civil Service Coxrmission to-morrow
afternoon and will make a formal re
quest that the commission postpone the
certifications for his deputies until the
Supreme Court decision is handed down.
It is understood thav the commission is
disinclined to grant the request, and in
that event the suit will be brougrht by the
deputies. Scott emphatically states that
he is not concerned in this suit and is
not a party to it.
"I will ask the commission." said Scott.
"to grant me some consideration In the
matter of displacing most of my deputies
by civil service eligiblcs whom I know
nothing about. I am responsible for the
acts of my deputies am' I dislike to take
men "entirely unknown to me and dismiss
others ¦whom I have found entirely rella-
Mp. I wiil certainly pxact a heavy bon-1
frnm any new men who will be forced
upon me. What the amount of the bond
¦wi'.l he I am unabl? to state, but as 2
ir.atter of self-protection it may be more
than some men would care to plve."
Those Who Took No Examination
Seek to Prevent Commission From
Acting Until Supreme Court
Gives Decision.
Tax Collector's Deputies to
Apply for Restraining
WILL SUE CIVIL
SERVICE BOARD
PRIEST AND MUSICIAN
COMES WEST TO INSTRUCT
Rev. Thomas t P. McLoughlin Arrives From New
York to Lecture for League of the Cross.
v The National ; Guard of the State of
California Is one of the organizations that
the Governor, in his message to the next
Legislature, will .deal with. It is stated
that he will suggest a revision of the
law governing that organization to tho
end that It may be more effective than
what U appears to bs» at this time. Talk
in National Guard circles is to the effect
that at that session the Governor wIH
make a number of radical changes in tho
personnel of those who are hieh in the
councils of war and that several who are
now in the front will find that they are
to be superseded. This talk has connect
ed the names of several . with what is
said to be the Governor's proposition on
that line, but there <s no certainty that
those who are named are the ones who
are to be affected.
It is also stated that as an outcome of
the recent trial of Captain F. A. Nippert
for ha vine made a false parade report
charges are to be preferred against offi
cers of the First Regiment who are sev
eral pegs above the captain and that they
are to be based upon verifying the cap
tain's false report. This- will iuvolve an
other court-martial.
With the be&inninj? of the New Tear
active work will be r csumed In the sev
eral regiments throughout the State and
•weekly drills will be in order ag-aln.
¦ Colonel O'Nell. commanding the. First
Infantry Regiment, wiil shortly issue his
first order. In this will be the announce
ment of the appointment of a board for
the examination of the non-commissioned
officers of the First. There will also be
something in relation to battalion drill.
It Is probable that there will be estab
lished at the Page-street armory a school
of instruction for the non-commissioned
officers, so that all may be Instructed in
doing the same work In precisely the
same manner.
It Is I Said That Officers Outranking
. Nippert May Be Court-Mar
tlaled for Verifying His
False Report.
The National Guard Will Be
Dealt With in His
Message.
GOVERNOR MAY
MAKE CHANGES
THE SAK FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; DECEMBER 30, 1900.
22
| THE I
BLACK GOODS
HOOSE,
| (106 Market Street. •
I ; yTELErHOHE SOUTH 473U
New Black Dress Skirts. I
New Silk Shirt Waists.
New Black Tailor Suits.
New Jackets and Underskirts,
I ?p\\ Tfc 8 prices we quota
I uA\ onaboire ?oods are
I - 'TO* LOWER to
I i |i5r oil shopworn gar-
I |\ ments shown in some
\\\ c^ 3r8sta^ sflin2nts
I TAILOR SUITS TO ORDER,
8 R. Ty KENNEDY COMPANY.
| CASH-OR-UTTLE-AT-A-TTMB. i
1 A SPECIAL OFFERING f
% IN CHAIRS. /
C . Elegant and suostantlal dec- 1
\ trie plush upholstery, wood- f
S work in mahogany finish. J
I Special price this Clf) fin 1
? week OIUiUU F
> THE J.~NOONAN \
} FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc., 1
J 1017-1023 MISSION STREET, 4
9 Above 6th, San Francisco. €
. i PHONE SOCTH It i
DR.1CNULTY.
q'niS WfctX-KSOWX ASD RELIABLE OLD
I SpeclalNt<t/rwB:oo<J Poison, Oonorrhceii.Gieet,
Stricture, Srniiital Wea«n*s!», Impotence and Ui«lr
Allied Disorders, nook on Diseases of Me», trtx
Ove rSOyearVeipprJencp. Terms rsaitonabia. Uonrs
9to3<Iaily;8:30toa.30ev'ES.Sun(laT«i,iotol2. Cnnroi-
tutlon free and sacredly con flden tiaL Call or addrcaa
P. KOMCOK MdXCLTT, M. D.
26}£KearnySU Ban FraneUco» C£L
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia."
Druggists, 60c' flask." RicharOjf& Co., 406 Clay. •
A statistician informs the public , that
1,860,000 square yards of looking glass aro
manufactured annually ; in Europe.
Trunks and traveling bags. Before buying see
our "bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co.; 128 Ellis.*
JOSEPH FIGEL,. MERCHANT TAI^
LOR. The .latest .styles to select from!
Suits from $20 upward. Overcoats, fancy
vests, etc., at greatly, reduced prices. Sec-
ond floor Flood BIdg., Fourth and Market.*
#?g, VERY LATEST
fc^fa Stralzht Front,
ViV^f 4 ) Hand-Made
l( SAPPHIRE
/||| CORSETS.
(vXf? $aooi< $i5,oo
VV^VVaX J"=R PAUL
4*%lk 10 Gearu St.,
I A jlA CORKER KXaRJJT.
V ' CHESTER F. WRIGHT,
— Mt-Dttlrj Pwtort.
Wondering
about that present ? Suppose
you go down this line.
China
Crockery
Glassware
Fancywaro
Jardineres
Lamps-Ornaments
Silverware
Busts— Figures
Dinner Sets
Fish Sets
Game Sets
Onyx Tables
Guns, Saucers
Plates, Salad .
Sots,' Berry
Sots} Toilet
Sets, Vases
docks, Steins
Everything that's Beau-
tiful for Christmas
Our Prices
CITY STORES.'
, Just Like, Finding Money.
Great American Importinc Tea Co.
21O Grant Ave., bet. Post and S utters
861 Market St., opp. Powell.
I4O Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.
112 Third St. 1819 Devisadero St.
146 Ninth St. 200S Fillmnre St. .
8006 Sixteenth St. 621 Montgomery An
2516 .Mission St. 3283 Mieslon St.
7O5L.nrkin St. 2732 24th St.
8C5 Hayes St. 475 Hai£ht St.
.' 52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES.
10553 Washing ton St 1237 Broadway.
US5 23rd Ave. 016 E. 12th St.
1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA— 1856 Park St.
6 AN RAFAEL-B St.. near Fourth,
MARTIN
Is the name that stands for ex-
cellence in
Guitars and Mandolins.
The name is plainly burned in
the inside.
MARTIN models are closely
imitated, but never equaled.
If you want the best you must
purchase a MARTIN.
Catalogue Free.
FOE SALE ONLY BY
CLARK WISE & CO.
Cor. Geary and Grant Avc.
WEBER PIANO AGENCY.
BRINGS BAD CHINAMEN'
HEBE FOR* DEPORTATION
United States Marshal Seibreith Has
Another "String" of Human
•Chattels.
United States Marshal George I*
Seibreith of tho Southern District of Ari-
zona Is at the Palace, having come here
to deport nine Chinese whom he'»found at-
tempting to enter this country from Mex-
ico.
i The Mongolians are now in the County
Jail awaiting the departure of the next
steamship for the Orient, when they will
be sent back to their native country. The
Chinese were picked up near El Paso.
Of Marshal Selbreith It Is said he has
arrested and deported more Chinese who
were seeking to get into the country il-
legally than any other United States of-
ficer.
In the Divorce Court
Carrie A, Bishop has been granted a
divorce from F. A. Bishop for desertion.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Albert E. Nelson against Hattle Nel-
son for cruelty and Addle M. Vescellus
against Charles H. .Vescellus for cruelty.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mmxt^^f^^ Jj^k MS^^^^^^B J^^^^^^^B B9
Duping the entire month of JANUARY we will offer
Extraordinary Values. In all our departments In order
to close out our stock of Fall and Winter Goods, and
commencing MONDAY, December 3lst, we will have on
sale In our Black and Colored Dress Goods Departments
the following!
We ask our customers In the Interior to write for sample*
of above goods promptly.
BLACK FRENCH PIEROLAS, CREPONS, POPLINETTES,
SATIN VENETIANS and FRENCH CORDS, In dress
• patterns and skirt lengths, ahout 200 lengths In all,
marked at less than hair price.
Sale Price 75c Yard,
ENGLISH SILK MOHAIR BLACK CREPONS, In YBPU
handsome designs, 1 small, medium and large pat-
terns. The regular Yalue or these Crepons $U5
' Sale Price $1.00 Yard.
GENUINE FRENCH TAILOR SUITINGS, smooth finish,
mixed color effects In dark tones, full 44 Inches
wlde,^ This line or.Sultlnus Imported to sell at
w)l iuU 111 ILL O« y tl 1 IX t
Sale Price 00c Yard.
GENUINE BANNOCKBURN TWEEDS, full 58 lncHeS
wide, an all-wool Tancu mixed suiting In Yeru
stulish colorlnus, imported to sell for $1.25 uapd.
HI. 113, 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET,
ADVEBTISEMZNTS.
\ SO Days Only,
I %&§f DISCOUNT I
on All Plate*. Crown* and K
Urldjjework. £5
Fillinfts, OOc Crowns, 63.50 {?,
) Plates, $3.00 Full Set fo
1 CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS. |
•4 24 Sixth Street. U
(I ST. GERMAN BILLIARD COMPANY,
Formerly JACOB STRAHLE & CO., .
Established 18S2.
4C9 KAEEET STREET. CAM rBAKCISCO.
¦ Manufacturers of
Ftar.4fi.rd Billiard and Pool Tables.
Lager and Steam Beer Pumps.
BlUlard Table* on Installments or
Rented.
ADVEUTIS32HCEBTS.SAN FRAXCISCO, SUNDAY', DECEMBER 30, 1900
Plans ; Great Reservoir.
PHOENIX, ' Dec. 29.— Arthur P. Davis,
hydrographerof the Geological Survey, is
here to 'superintend Government ' opera
tions ' on L the, Santa .Carlos t River,: where
the Government is planning to construct
one of the largest reservoirs in tho world.
Sea Point Parlor Officers.
" The following nameu have been elected
as officers of Sea Point Parlor I of the Na
tive Sons of the Golden West; located at
Sausallto,' to serve for the ensuing term:
D.,C. Whaley," president; Edward Cough
lln. George F. Payne and Harry. Loriano."
vice presidents: F. William, Payne," record
ing secretary; Frederick A.Flndler, finan
cial secretary; Thomas Beyer, marshal:
Judge J.H. Prj'or. trustee.
Columbians Take Trolley Ride.
The . Columbians' \ trolley '\ party - : was a
great success." The Chutes and Cliff House
were visited * by c the ; - pleasure seekers; .a
supper served at the latter resort proving
a fit • climax to the evening's merrymak
ing.'- : .- .--¦ ':¦ : ; r-V, ; : - ¦:. -. ,>**. .. [
¦' Among the guests were J. F. Splller, J.
R. Savory, W. Shine, A. Fernandez, E.
McSorley, A. Golly, H. L. White,-. H.
Menzlng,- D. McCarthy, , E. -R.'> Groom,
Miss S. Rewig, Miss , E. Wlthrock. Miss
Objects to Water Bill
-PHOENIX. Dec 29.-The Water Storage
Association held a meeting here to-day
and adopted amendments to a bill about
to be Introduced in Congress authorizing
Maricopa County, to] bond itself for $2,000.
000 for the -construction of a reservoir
system. Objection was raised against
the bill as drawn : by the association's
representatives * in the East . because on*
section ; , contemplates alliance with cor
porations. The amendments will be tele
graphed to Washington.
Emancipation : Night.
Emancipation -night , will be celebrated
at 8 o'clock . this evening; In the Al v M. ; E.
Zlon : Church/; S03' Eddy street. ;.There will
be literary, and musical -exercises and ad
dresses ."; by Hon. : Samuel ;. M.' Shortridge
and George • W. : Dennis Jr.^aSf^g't'-jaBagaejl
Just received another carload of those
•arler Odorless Oil ' Heaters that you
hear.so much about. Six sizes. Sold with
a money-back guarantee. Charles Brown
& Son, SC7 Market street, S. F. . •
Social Democrats' Temple.
Scott "Anderson will deliver a lecture In
the.Temple.117.Turk street.at 8 p.-m.on
"The Fifty-two , Hundred and Third Sun
day of the Wonderful Nineteenth Cen
tury." ¦BaagB^magJj
Aids-de-Camp . Rsappointed.
'Governor Gago has reappolnted:Lieuten
ant ColonelJ. E. Doolittle and Lieutenant
Colonel George ! H. Pippy as alds-de-camp
on his staff.- , ' . .- - ;
BUCHANAN SENTENCED"
'TO TEN YEARS IN PRISON
Attorneys Secure a Stay of Exscution
and Will Appeal to a Higher
Court.
MARTSVILLE, Dec. 23.— In the Superior
Court this afternoon .Judge Davis sen
tenced Hugh Buchanan to a term of ten
years in the State Prison at San Quentln
Prior • to . this his attorneys asked for a
stay of execution and a new trial. Th»
points on which a new trial was sought
were that the court had misdirected th*
Jury In matters of law; that the cou.4
erred in the decision of questions of law:
that the verdict is contrary to law; that
the verdict is contrary to the evidence
and that the Jury received evidence out
of court. All objections were overruled
and the court said the prisoner had a fair
trial.*
Notice of appeal was given and the court
granted a stay of execution until the at
torneys can arrange a bill of exception.
San Francisco Consistory.
At the annual meeting of San Francisco
Consistory No. 1, Ancient and Accepted
Scottish Rite Masons, thirty-second de
gree, held in the Masonic Temple on Fri
day evening, the 28th lnst., the following
nemed officers were elected to serve for
the ensuing % Masonic year:' Frank B.
Ladd, master of the kadosh: ' Frank S.
Van Schaick, prior: James A: Wilson,
sub-prior; Harry J. Lask, grand minister
of state; Charles W. Conllsk, chancellor;
William S. Moses, almoner; Samuel' W.
Levy, treasurer; Henry Burner, registrar.
Demand Host Be Allowed.
City Attorney Lane advised the Board
of Supervisors yesterday that the claim
of Superintendent of Schools Webster for
$11 60. being for his expenses for attending 1
the recent convention in San Jose of
County Superintendents, is valid ami
should be allowed. Lane quotes , the
Political Code, which says that the actual
expenses of the City Superintendents at
tending the convention shall be paid out
of the common school fund.
Neglects Her Children,
Mrs.. Rose Thompson, wife of a street
car, conductor living at 1513 Baker street,
appeared before Judge Fritz yesterday on
a charge of cruelty . to children. She is
the mother of seven children, the young
est sixteen months old. The woman Is
addicted to - drink, and when Secretary
White of the Society; for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children and Officer Mc-
Murray went to the house . Friday ¦- night
she. came in in a drunken -condition,' with
a bottle of- brandy in her hand.; The chil
dren, were in a' half nude state, showing
utter = neglect. The Judge continued the
case : til\ • Wednesday to give the woman
time to sober up.
G. Savory, Miss L. Burge, Miss P. Sprung,
Miss L. Shine, Miss f. Wlssel, Miss M.
Sprung, Miss M. McCarrick and Miss A.
Griffin. ' • r p
Music at the Park.
The Park: Band will render th« following se
lections to-day:
March. "Hail to the Spirit of liberty"....
Sousa
Overture. "Fra DiaTolo" Auber
Themes from "Walkure" Wagner
"Canzonetta E3j>a»-nole" E. A. Bruguiere
Selection. "Carmen" ". Blset
Overture. "Joan d'Arc" '.Verdi
Intermezzo. "Querida" E. A.'Bruruier«
Selection. "The- Fortune* Teller" :. Herbert
Descriptive, "Danse des Satyrs" Theirs
Two-step. "Coon Hollow Capers" Gillls
Mrs. Blacklock Demented.
John Blacklock called at the Morgue
yesterday and reported that Mrs. Theresa
Blacklock, bis mother, had disappeared
from her home while demented and that
the family had been unable to obtain any
trace of her whereabouts since morning.
Mrs. Blacklock left her home, 1372 Sacra
mento street, at 5 o'clock yesterday. morn-
Ing. She Is 50 years old and is the mother
of four children-
ion of a majority of the members of th;
San Francisco delegation in reference to
the emphatic declaration that they are
not pledged and will not be pledged for
any aspirant for the .ipeakership:
William Carpenter Has a Narrow Es-
Assemblyman C. R. Franklin— I have
not heard of any caucus of the San Fran
cisco members of the "Legislature. I un
derstand that Fisk and Brady are In the
race for chairman of our delegation, but
I have' not' been approached by either. I
have.no selection for the position of
Speaker of the House.
Assemblyman J. F. Collins— I have re
ceived a number of communications .'rom
different candidates who are anxious to
be Speaker of the House, but have not
given them any serious consideration. I
am positive that up to date there has
been no caucus by the San Francisco
delegation. There will be one without
doubt within a few days and we will -then
elect a chairman of the city delegation.
Assemblyman W. J.Evatt— There has
been no caucus ' of the city members of
the Assembly. We: have not selected a
KNOCKED UNDER WHEELS
¦ OF AN ELECTRIC CAR
cape From Death on Mission
Street. «
William Carpenter, a gasfltter, living at
9 Langton* street, while" attempting to
cross Mission street, opposite : Annie,
shortly . after 8 o'clock last night, was
knocked down by westbound Mission
street car 1017. /¦¦'-..¦ ,'-> * . .. - '
Carpenter was rolled under the wheels,
but ; escaped . with a severely lacerated
scalp and a sprain of the leg. Carpenter
was thrown under the car in' such a pe
culiar position that it was necessary to
lift the car from -the track in - order - to
extricate him.- He was sent- tft the Re
ceiving Hospital > by Policeman Tyrrell,
where his Injuries were dressed' by ¦¦, Dr.
Putnam. '. >. . '~. . ¦¦:':
heard of any caucus being held In the past
nor of any arrangements for one In the
future. I have no selection for Speaker
of the House. •
Assemblyman M. W. Brady— I have not
heard of any caucus as yet. I have not
decided yet for whom I will vote as
Speaker of the House.
Assemblyman L. A. Henry— We have not
yet held a caucus, and have decided noth
ing in reference either to the Speaker ot
the House or chairman of the San Fran
cisco delegation. I have no favorite for
Speaker of the House and will go to Sac
ramento free to vote for whom I please.
I understand that Brady, Fisk and Gull
foyle are seeking the honor of being
chairman of our delegation.
Assemblyman J. J. HourlRan— The San
Francisco delegation has held no caucus
on the question of the Speakershlp. and
I am not advised that there will be a cau
cus before the delegation meets in Sacra
mento. As far as the candidates for
Speaker are concerned I have no choice,
and certainly am not pledged to any as
pirant. ' : ¦"-•*:*;
PREPARES FOR SUICIDE
AND LANDS IN PBISON
. : . '. - '— '¦ '
Austrian Seeks Death With Farewell
Note in On* Pocket, Pistol in
the Other.'
Policeman T. J. O'Brien last night ar
rested an Austrian named P. Mitchell
who gave the officials at the City Prison
one- of th© UvoUest battles ox their experi
ence. It took four men to subdue him.
Mitchell was seen by the policeman to
purchase a pistol in' a Washington-street
store. The sleuth followed and when he
entered a nearby saloon on Jackson street
arrested him on a charge of carrying con
cealed weapons. In the man's pocket waa
found a ; letter, bidding farewell to his
friends and relatives and declaring that
life held no; more charm for him.
The police have little doubt that tho
man would, but . for ' his capture, have
added his name to the list of the holiday
suicides. At the prison Mitchell declared
his life to be bis own for him to take
if he pleased. - He threatened to make
away with himself at the first oppor
tunity. *^
chairman of our delegation. I have no
favorite for Speaker of the House.
Assemblyman John Butler — I have heard
of no caucus by the San Frstncisco dele
gation. I do not know who are the can
didates for the chairmanship of. the city
delegation. We. will certainly have a
meeting in a few days and decide upon
one. ¦ I have not decided for whom I will
vote as Speaker of the House.
Assemblyman W. J. GuiUoyle— Well, I
den't know how many candidates there
are for the chairmanship of the San
Francisco delegation, but vou can put me
down for one. I hear that Fisk and
F.rady are' both out for the honor, and I
think that when it comes to a show
down that I have as many friends as
they have. We . have not decided when
to hold a caucus. I do not know for
whom I will vote- as Speaker of * the
fTrmif "f^ffflfflftfif
. Assemblyman E. F.- Treadwell— Our
chairman of the delegation has not been
determined on as yet. We have-not held
a meeting. I- do not know -for whom I
will vote as Speaker of. the House.
Assemblyman < E. D. Knight— I have . not
First Unitarian Church.
This evening at the First. Unitarian
Church there will be an address on "Th«
Outlook for Our State and City at the
Beginning of the New Century." On th«
remaining Sunday evenings in January
there will be addresses as follows: Janu
ary 6. "Good Government," by F. W.
Dohrmann: January 13. "Education." by
President Jordan; January 20. "Commerce
and Trade." by Irving 31. Scott; Janua-v
27 "Art and Music," by Robert Fletch J*
and 'Louis Lisser.
has not yet caucused and the majority of
Its members assert positively . that they
will not permit themselves to be bound
on the important question of the speaker
ship. They declare that they Intend to
go to Sacramento unpledged on this point.
Most of them assert 'hat they have no
favorite for Speaker of the Assembly and
that they will use their own discretion la
voting when they arrive in Sacramento.
It. is probable that Ihe Republican As
sembly delegation from this city will cau
cus on the question of the chairmanship
of the delegation before the members
leave this city. This caucus for this pur
pose will probably be held to-morrow or
on Wednesday, as some of the members
intend to go to Sacramento on Thursday.
An interesting ri\«=dry among Assembly
man Gullfoyle, Fisk and Brady has arisen
for the honor of beiuar chairman of the
San Francisco delegation.
In what follows is expressed the opin-
TVork, deserves special mention. The ex
hibit of Throop Institute was unique in
that It was the product of normal training
students and covered the lines of domestic
science,-, sloyd, paper and- cardboard con
struction. The paper work shown is the
course outlined for the schools of Los An
geles County, under the direction of Pro
fessor A. H. Chamberlain, who had charge
of the exhibit.
Members Insist That They Shall -Exercise Their Privilege to Declare Their Choice
When They Arrive, in Sacramento^— Rivalry for .Chairmanship.
This city is rapidly becoming the cen
ter of political interest so far as the ap
proaching session of the Legislature Is
concerned. Senators. Assemblymen and
politicians from different parts of the
State are arriving in town and all ar<>
asking what the Republican Assembly
delegation from San Francisco Is going to
do or has done in reference to the chair
manship of the delegation and more par
ticularly in reference to the speakershlp
cf the Assembly.
Certain politicians interested In the for
tunes of certain candidates for this honor
are insisting that the San Francisco del
egation is pledged to this or that as
pirant and that the members of the lower
house of the Legislature from this city
will be bound at Sacramento to vote In
obedience to a compact already made in
this city. Nothing could be further from
the truth.
The San Francisco Ae&embly delegation
University of California for ral&lns revenue by
indirect taxation for the support of our State
University. .
Resolved. Tint thl» association indorses the
resolution passed by the- National Educational
Aesoclatlon urtfnj Congress to reorganize and
to enlarge the Bureau of Education, and that
the secretary of this association Is I instructed
to send to tbe members cf Congress from this
State the full text of this resolution, with the
Indorsement of the California Teacher*' As
sociation.
Resolved. That this association concurs In
tbe educational measure* proposed and adopted
by the State Educational Commission and the
amendments proposed to the school law of Cali
fornia by the Biennial Convention of County
and City Eui>erlntendents held In Ean Joee In
August, 1900.
The 'session came to a close with the
installation of the new officers. In the
afternoon a large party of teachers made
the trip to Mount Tamalpals. while oth
ers visited the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art and the various libraries of the city.
MAKTJAL TRAINING EXHIBIT.
Educational Institutions Make Dis-
play at Teachers' Convention.
The exhibit of work of the manual train
ing and technical schools. In connection
with the State Teachers' Association,
closed yesterday. It was the most com
plete and comprehensive affair of Its kind
ever held in this part of the State.
Among the schools exhibiting .were the
California, School of Mechanical Arts.
Wllraerding, San Jose Normal, Central
High of Oakland. Polytechnic High, Miss
Horton's. Lincoln Evening School. Ala
meda and Sarr Francisco city schools and
the Throop Polytechnic Institute of Pasa
dena.
The work of the schools of this city,
under the direction of Professor {3, T.
Choice Stationery.
Everything in the line of office and cor
respondence stationery; fountain pens,
Koh-1-noor pencils, legal blanks, blank
books, typewriters' materials, diaries and
daily Journals for 1901 now on sale. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market St. •
TAYLOR'S STRIKING WAY
OF SHOWING HIS I/OVE
Married Three Years and Now His
Wife Charges Sim With Threats
to Kill.
Mrs. May Taylor, who lives with her
parents on Twenty-second street, near
Telegraph avenue. Oakland, swore to a
complaint in Judge Fritz's court yester
day charging her husband, W. F. Taylor,
with threats to kill. He lives at 227 Ful
ton street, and is a newspaper canvasser.
Mrs. Tavlor said she was married three
years ago, but her husband was never
able to support her and they soon sepa
rated. 9 They lived occasionally together,
but he was' insanely jealous and used to
beat her, and twice _ he broke her nose.
He would lock her up in her room for
days at a time and refuse to : allow her
to sec . any one. He threatened to kill
her on numerous occasions, and when he
met her on the street he was In the habit
of striking her on the head and pulling
her hair. With her consent he had the
custody of their two-year-old child.
Friday night he came up behind her
on Sacramento street and struck her a
vicious blow on the back of the head.
Then he grabbed her by the hair and
threatened to kill her. Thomas Chandler
and a friend saw the assault and they
pitched into Taylor and gave him an un
merciful beating.
Mrs. Taylor told the Judge that she was
afraid her husband would kill her, as
besides breaking her nose twice he had
broken her arm and she. was still suffer
ing from the effects.
DBAGOED A SEA 3LIO1T
T»nmm> HIS WAGON
Charles Fachini, a Teamster, Arrested
on a Charg-e of Cruelty to
Charles Fachini. a teamster, was arrest
ed yesterday by Officer Hooper of the So-
clety for the Prevention of Cruelty to An
imals on a warrant charging him, with
"dragging a sea lion along Sansome street
behind a wagon by means of a rope at
tached to the leg 1 of said sea lion." He
was released on $50 cash ball.
Kachinl took the sea lion from Fisher
man's Wharf to Paladlnl & Co.'s store
on Merchant street, acd when It reached
the store it was covered with blood by
being dragged over the cobbles. S. Gross
ltcht. whov Is employed In the "LTnion
Square Market, notified the society, and
said that the mammal was screaming
with the pain when It passed him. on
Sansome street.
When the complaint was presented to
Judge Fritz be- hesitated to sign It. as
he was not satisfied that a sea lion had
a "leg," but always understood it was
called a flipper. Warrant Clerk Peery
assured him that "leg" was the proper
term to use. so he signed the complaint.
The question of whether a sea lion has
a leg or a flipper will probably form th©
most interesting part of the case when
It comes to trial.
Salesmen Enjoy a Banquet.
The annual dirrier of the salesmen of
the' Boston Woven Hose and Rubber Com
pany took place at the residence of the
local manager. Joseph V. Selby. 1221 Jones
street. Thursday evening. Those present
were : Joseph V. Selby, Austin Kanzee,
William Shear. W. D. Albright, H. K.
Selby. W. O. Franklin, J. D. Ralph. D. C.
Martin. F. Kronenberg. C. A..Pistolesl. J.
E. Elkington and R. S. Chapman. —
Hibernians Give a Dance.
Division. No. 17, Ancient Order of Hi
bernians In America, gave a ball at Mis
sion Opera-house. 2131 Mission street, last
night. The affair was the first given
under the. auspices of the division. The
committees In charge were as follow:
Arrangements— M. J.' Callonan, J.
> Mitchell, J. A. Kennedy, R. S. Shepston
1 and John Callaghan. .
Floor director— William McMahon; as
sistant-J. Mitchell.
ft Reception— P. B. "Mahoney. W. P.
Maher. M. J. Callonan. R. Coughlan, R.
S. Shepston and M. O'Mahoney.
THE Schoolmasters' Club banqueted
at the California last evening.
Covers for 100 were laid. The club
had as its guests members of the
incoming Legislature, the purpose
of Inviting the members being to acquaint
them with some of the measures that have
been recommended by the State Eduea
tional Commission for legislative action.
J. W. McClymonds was toastmaster, and
the speakers \ Included Professor E.
Brown, who extended a glad welcome to
the guests, and Alden Anderson, who
spoke for the legislators. Other addresses
were made as follows: Professor E. P.
Cubberly, "The High School as Part of
the State System": Judge Denson, "The
Normal School"; Senator Taylor and Su
perintendent Webster. "Educational
Rights of the Children"; Superintendent
Furlong "Certification of Teachers";
George C. Pardee, "Needed Legislation
Pertaining to School Hygiene": State Su
perintendent Thomas J. Kirk, "The Edu
cational Outlook"; John Swett, "Remem
brances."
Svea Society Makes Merry.
The second grand annual masquerade
ball of Svea Society, held at Saratoga
Hall, Geary and Larkin streets, last night,
was one 'of the most successful affairs
of its kind held this season. There was a
large attendance which enjoyed itself to
the full. The costumes were bright and
original, and many fine prizes were' given
away. . The various committeemen In
charge who brought the affair tb Its suc
cessful conclusion were as follows:
Olof Dalin, secretary; assistants, Ed
ward Anderson, Albert Anderson. Gus
Forsell, Kred: Anderson; floor manager.
Captain Julius Nystrom, Werner Nystrom
first assistant, Oscar Bergstrora second
assistant: floor committee. Carl Rosen,
August Larson, Hjalmar Strandberg;
committee of arrangements — Emll Forsell.
president: Albert Wahlln, vice president;
Charles E. Johnson, treasurer; Oscar
HJelm, first sentinel; August Strom, sec
ond sentinel. .
MANY Mascns made merry at
banquet last night, for each cf
three of the local lodges after
Installation of officers enter
tained their members and united
brothers at table. Excelsior Lodge had
about 200 at its supper in the California
Hotel, Crockett Lodge entertained a like
number in the lower banquet hall of the
Ma-sonic Temple and Speranza Italiara
Lodge served a supper at the Malson Tor
toni to about seventy-five. All had a
Jovial time and in the many addresses
made there were expressions of the hopt*
that the first year of the new century
would prosper the fraternity.
The officers of Excelsior Lodge No. 1C.,
Free and Accepted Masons, were installed
in St. John's Hall of the Masonic Temple
lasr night. The ceremonies were for mem
bers of the craft only. Walter Neat Brunt,
the retiring worshipful master, was the
Installing officer and William Wilson Me-
Nair acted as the marshal of ceremonies.
These inducted into office are Otto Frank
Westphal, worshipful master: Louis
Augustine Murch. senior, and Louis Clar
ance Hunter, junior warden; Aaron Doud,
treasurer; Theodore Edward Smith, secre
tary'; Darnell Allen Kore, senior, and
?Roderick George CJuyett, Junior deacons;
Alfred Herman Yordi. marshal; Edwin
Lycurgus Foster and John William Came
ron, stewards, and George Washington
Perkins, tyler. At the close of the cere
monies the retiring master, Mr. Brunt.
was presented by the lodge with a rich
jewel of the rank he has attained in the
fraternity, also a case of silver for the
table.
After the closing ot the lodge and con
gratulations to the new officers there was
an adjournment to the California Hotel,
where an elaborate supper was served to
about 200 fraters. Judge Carroll Cook was
toastmaster and after an address of wel
come he called upon a number of those
present fcr short addresses and songs.
The speakers were Rev. J. Nieto, Frank
McGowan. William L. Pierce. T. J. Crow
ley, C. P. Overton, H. J. Owens, W. W.
McNear and Walter N. Brunt. The vocal
selections were by Messrs. Lawrance,
Keane and Gordon, and in addition there
was a violin solo by H, GIngg.
There was a large gathering in the Ma
ponic Temple last night of members of
the Masonic fraternity to witness the In
stallation cf the officers of Crockett
Lorce. At tha clcse of the ceremonies,
which v.-ere conducted by Judge G. C.
Oroczir.ger, the retiring worshipiul mas
ter, assisted by Past Master Thomas Row
lands as marshal of ceremonies, there was
an adiournment to the lo."er banquet hall
in the Temple, where an excellent supper
wa« served. M. H. Wascerwitz presided
as toaslmaster. There were responses to
toasts by all the new officers and a num
ber of the many invited guests. Durinp
the evening Joe Goddard. chief deputy
County Clerk, on behalf of the lodge, pre
sented* an elegant and co-stly Jewel to the
retiring master, the presentation =peech
being an eloquent tribute to the worth of
the officer whose term closed last nieht.
The new officers are: Harry F. Chase,
worshipful master; Edmund S. Ciprico,
«=enior warden: Joshua B. Roberts, junior
warden; Louis M. Thlerbach, treasurer;
Henry Fortriede. secretary: Peter Har
der, marshal: Harry Newhoff, f-enio* dea
con: Charles H. Cattermole. junior dea
con* Charles William Hunt, steward;
Oo'rge \V. Geauque. steward; J. E. Hunt,
tyler. and James R. Ogrilvle. organist.
Speranza Itallana Lodge. F. and A. M..
installed its officers in the Temple last
LOCAL REPUBLICAN DELEGATION TO THE ASSEMBLY
15 UNPLEDGED ON THE SELECTION OF SPEAKER
• - ¦ •
1* .F Kris Krlngle had entered the rooms
of the Cosmos Club last evening and
seen the two members who were im
personating him he would have filed
a strong protest with the board of
directors. . To his mind, and the minds of
other believers In "Santy." it was a sacri
lege for Lawrence Harris and Willis Dodd
to act the part* in evening dress. Both
gentlemen," attired In tuxedos, stood on
tables close by a brilliantly lighted Christ
mas tree and with wit and satire passed,
out ' packages to. the half- hundred mem
bers who participated In the merriment.
' G. W. Fredrlcks, who Is with the Union
Iron Works, was Inveigled to the front at
the outset .of the festivities and was pre
sented with a pasteboard cruiser. ¦ Mr.
Dodd, who made the presentation speech.
Informed the recipient that the ship had
been built by the subscription of fellow
members and a few "Jack-pots." that it
had been fittingly named Mllpita.s and
that the sealed orders in the cabin were
not to be opened until he was "half-seas
over." William L.B. Mills was given a
paste diamond that outshone the famous
Kohinoor. Charles Woods, the alleged
baby of the club, was given a bottle with
a nipple attachment, but the contents,
which he was forced to drink, were a little
stronger than milk. Andrew Carrlgan
graciously accepted a bottle filled with
colored elixir of life, and then kicked be
cause he could not taste of the contents
without breaking the flask. Alex T. Vo
gelsang was given a toy set of fishing ap
paratus, and he immediately went in
search of "suckers." Harry R.WIHlar was
given a tin horn to arouse him out of his
lethargy. Carey Friedlander accepted a
Parisian novelty. Edward S. Swan Jr..
who is known as the "king of knockers,
¦was given a huge mallet to help him 111
his good work. John H. Miller was given
a miniature racecourse. Robert Hatch,
the well-known rancher, was given a cow,
and found fault with it because It was
minus its tail. Henry Eickhoff accepted a
donkey, which purported to have come
from William Jennings Bryan of Nebras
ka. W. B. Bradford, president of the
club accepted everything that, came his
way and looked for more, and there were
presents for every member of the organl-
Harris and Dodd aroused lots of merri
ment by their happy speeches. The joshea
on the members were heavy at times, but
were appreciated just the same.
Previous to giving out the annual gifts
the members and friends of the club en
joyed a bounteous repast. The dining
room was prettily decorated with holly,
Christmas berries and wreaths and bore
a holiday appearance. The guests occu
pied six tables and the banquet was a
merry affair. W. B. Bradford delivered
a speech of welcome, and at the conclu
sion of his happy remarks the banqueters
attacked the good things set before them.
Between courses clever speeches and pa
pers were heard. Crittenden Thornton In
an elaborate oration presented the presi
dent with a brass watch, the tick of
which could be heard amid the hearty
laughter. Wilbur Zlegler sprung a num
ber of joshes In rhyme, Alex T. Vogelsang
spoke and said he hoped the club would
be as prosperous at the close of tbe next
century as it was at the close of this, but
earnestly hoped that the present officers
would not be at the helm. Henry Eickhoff
told a few truths about the club that
aroused laughter, and Wallace Everett
scored a hit with his dialect verses. James
P. Langhorne duly presented Chri3tmas
presents to the employes of the club, after
which the banqueters adjourned to the
Christmas tree and spent the rest of the
night listening to excellent music and wit
ty remarks.' -\* "-:¦.,:**..¦'¦«
High School Pheta Chi Fra
8 ternity of this city, Sacramento
I and Oakland held its annual ban-
JJL quet at the California last even
ing, about forty members being
present.. ...
The dinner was served In the large din
ing hall of the hotel, which was decorated
with bunting and Christinas greens. The
banqueters sat down at 6:30, and for two
hours there was an uninterrupted feast of
good things. The speeches,' which con
cluded the evening's f estlvlUes, were
along the reminiscent veinuind savored of
both wit and wisdom. ¦ .
H. B. TIckner was master of ceremonies
and the following toasts were given:
"Early Days of the Fraternity," Robert
Ritchie; "Initiations," Edward J. Wood
burn; "Fraternity Ideals," Charles G.
Norris; "The Ladies.". Harold Wright:
"The Alumni," Roy Somers. Vocal and
violin selections by members of the alum
ni added to the pleasure of the evening.
THE third annual banquet o'f the
California Division of the Travel
ers' Protective Association of
America was held last evening in
the Social Hall of the Alcazar
building and was productive of a great
amount of merriment and good-fellow
ship. JCo class of business or profession
al men can excel the "knight of the grip"
in making the time pass- merrily, and for
five hours the travelers drove dull care
away. One hundred and fifty members of
the association assembled around the
festive board and enjoyed a bountiful
feast. The edibles were not the only
"good things" provided, for there was a
feast of wit and a flow of eloquence which
called for constant applause at the hands
and lungs of the representatives of San
Francisco'f wholesale houses.
Ed J. Warnecke, the president of the
local branch of the association, was In
the chair and he was ably seconded by
every member present. No set course of
speeches was used, the president calling
upon any brother of the craft as he saw
fit. The menu was sandwiched- in with
songs, jokes, anecdotes, experiences and
musical numbers galore, and it was at
an early hour this morning that the
festive gathering dispersed. Among those
who were called upon to speak were: J.
H. Davies. Fred Eggers. John J. Baum
garten.'Ben Stern. H. R. Robbins, R. E.
Starr, J. P. Morgan, J. Schilling, H. W.
Moore, H. M. Campe, Harry Diggles, Ed
Allenburg. G. C. Borneman, Max Kant,
Adolph Bruenn. Charles Parrtsh and W.
B. Forman. An orchestra played during
the banquet and the Keystone Quartet
rendered a number ofsongs. C. P. Bailey
acted as toastmaster and received an
ovation each time that he called upon a
member to respond to a toast.
night In the presence of a large attend
ance of the members and a number of
visitors, nott-ble among the number be
ing Signor Castellano, a tenor who Is here
on a visit. During the evening he con
tributed to the music Incidental to the
ceremony of installation, rendering "The
Prodigal Son." The new officers who
were installed by G. Lepori, the retiring:
master, assisted by Cbarlea Scalmaninl
as master of ceremonies, are: James A.
Devoto, worshipful master; F. Becutti.
senior, and H. B. ZambelU. junior war
den; J. C.Salla, treasurer; G. Scalmaninl,
secretary; G. B. Cordano, senior, and
Philip Demartini, junior deacon; John
Cazaretto, marshal: A. Fodera and A.
Scalmaninl. stewards; P. Rlgonoff. tyler,
and J. B. Ogllvie, organist. F. Cavagnaro,
on behalf of the lodge, presented to the
retiring master a past master's jewel and
a valuable emblematic pin. A banquet
at the Tortoni closed the events of the
evening.
The residents of Siskiyou County ar«
all agog over a big suit which was filed
at Treka last week. It involves some "of
the most prominent citizens of that sec
tioti of the State and land and cattle val
ued at $100,000. It Is thought there will b«
developments cf a sensational character
when the action comes to trial. Jerome
Churchill, president of the Siskiyou Coun
ty Bank, Is defendant In the suit. He will
toe called upon by the plaintiffs. Mrs. Mar
tha S. McConnell. executrix of the estate
of "William McConnell. deceased, and
George Simmons, to make an accounting
for property which has been In his pos
session for the last fifteen years.
It appears from the complaint that on
April 9, 1SS6. John Fairchild. the present
Coroner and Public Administrator of Sis
kiyou County, executed a promissory note
to Jerome Churchill for $42,800, half of
which was advanced to him by Churchill
and the other half by William McCon
nell and George Simmons.
Two weeks later Fairchild transferred
to Jerome Churchill 1400 head of livestock,
together with about 12,000 acres of land, as
aecorlty for the money advanced him.
Churchill took the property in /his ovra
name for the benefit of his partners and
retained the same until December 18. 1S97.
when Fairchild made an absolute transfer
to the banker of all the property and ac
cumulations In. payment of an indebted
ness of $133,300. which represented the In
terest upon the original investment of $42.
$00 and subsequent advancements made
by the Siskiyou County Bank.
The complaint states that Jerome
Churchill has had the exclusive manage
ment and control of the valuable prop
erty to the exclusion of his partners from
18&6 to the present time. The action Is
therefore brought to compel Churchill to
account for all the personal and real prop
erty transferred to him by Fairchild. and
also for the increase of stock upon the
ranch In controversy.
William McConnell died on October 8.
1SSS, and In his last will and testament he
bequeathed all bis property to his wife.
She is now in straitened circumstances
and is therefore making an effort to se
cure her share of the partnership.
Churchill's deposition is to be taken be
fore Judge J. 8. Beard on January 8.
Rodgers. Paterson & Slack and John TV.
Bourdette of this city represent the plain
tiffs, and "Warren & Taylor of Siskiyou
are of counsel.
Prominent People and Thousands eff
Acres of Valuable Land In
volved in a Bitter Con
troversy.
Jerome Churchill, a Banker
of Siskiyou, Sued for
an Accounting.
SENSATIONAL
DEVELOPMENTS
ARE EXPECTED
TEACHERS END
WORK OF THE
ANNUAL SESSION
Efforts Will Be Directed To
ward a Uniform Course
of Study.
Final Day's Meeting of California
Teachers' Association Marked by
Earnest Discussion of Ira- .
portant Topics.
The last er.d in mar.y respects the most
Important session >f the California
Teachers' Association was held yesterday
morning- in the auditorium of the Mission
High School, lasting from l'j o'clock U!l
1 p. m.
Though the attendance was rather poor
several eubjects were considered and de
cisions reached which are of first import
ance to the schools of the State.
Most important of : .r.ese is the working
out of a uniform course cr study for the
echools of the State. The Council of Ed
ucation and its committee presented a
report embodying the «esults of that wor'<
and in accordance with its recommenda
tion tbe association authorized the ap
jwlntment of an advisory commission to
take up ihe results of the committee's
cunferences ajid to work out in detail a
uniform, course of «tn£y. That will be
tie Important achievement to which tho
energies will be bent dur
ing -the ensuing yeur. The commission ap
pointed consists of «.he followiiiK riame"!
Eiward Hyatt, Euperintendent of echoola,
riverside County, chairaiaa; J. W. Llnseott,
ta.r.t:. Cixz; Lucy Washburn, San Jose Xor
xi-SLi School; Klmer K. Broun. University of
California; Washington Wilson, Cfcieo Normal
fc'-hool; f. M. Fisn^-r. Central High School,
Oakland ; J. P. Greelejr, su;>er:nt<.r.dt:nt of
I . .», Orange County; P. IV. Smith, super
intendent cf schools. Placer County; R. H.
Wbster, supertrten ject of schools, San Fran
cisco. J. \\ . McClymunde. superintendent of
t>. hools, Oakland; J.. A. Foshay, superintendent
cf schools, Los Axgtles; C. C. Hugnes, super
intendent of t-oh-xljp, Alameda; E. T. Pierce,
;!::i«pal Los Angeles t-Lat» Normal School;
«.". C. Van Liew. principal Chico S5ta.te Nuraoal
f-^hool; EUvood P. Cubberly. Stanford Uni
versity; F. B. Dresslar, University of CalUor
r.ia.; Miss Jean Parker, San Fraaclsco; Miss
Ikies Hunt, Lo* Angeles; Mrs. S. W. Austin,
I.- r.e Pine, Ir.yo County.
The morning's programme as begua
v.ith several tongs most artistically ren
<i>.red by pupils of the Everett Grammar
School, directed by Lliss Cora J. Galla-
ctate Superintendent of Schools Kirk
rave an address en "Sujrgestions Relative
to a State Course of Study." He quoted
Statistics gathered by Dr. William T
Harris, United States Commissioner of
Education, showing that half of the
pupils who enter th* public schools drop
cut by the time the end of the second
year is reached and that three-fourths of
then go no farther than the end of th.?
third year. In twenty-one representative
cities, inducing San Francisco, onlv
three-tenths of one T>er cent of those who
enter the schools fro through the course
z.r.& graduate from the high schools. Th'a
rendition, the speaker contended, was
cue to courses of study that disregarded
tee environment of the pupil, -»*ere is
much in the courses that might be omit
ted and the practical education which
must be offered if the boys, particularly.
are to be held in school, is ienored in
th*» main. Superintendent Kirk offered the
fallowing suggestions as to. remedies for
ihe condition he had illustrated by sta
tistics:
first— Compulsory school attendance under
5_me euhch lair a? the measure recommended
ty the /California Educational Commission.
"In that measure." said Mr. Kirk,
"much thought has been expended on ef
forts to place safeguards around the
rights oi the parent — so much so that
tome have looked upon the result as un
catisfactory from the standpoint of com
pulsory attendance. Still, we have reason
to believe that, in the first place, its
passage by the Legislature .s possible,
and, in the second, it will be effective.
end its enforcement will be an education
in the right direction and will make an
ideal law possible after a time."
Second— Greater adaptation of school work
to the needs cf pupils.
Third— The introduction cf more industrial
mcrk in the ecfcocls.
"To this end." Mr. Kirk said, "a re
formation of the course of study is per
emptory- Oi necessity many things at
present taught must be crowded out if
r.ew work is to be introduced. That will
tax your judgment to the uttermost. What
Is there that may be droppc-d without a
loss approaching the gain secured by the
Introduction "f new work of an industrial
character? That is the question which
you teachers must be revolving in your
rr.inds. for if the problem is to be solved
j <>u must do ;t."
P. M. Fisher of Oakland was called upon
by Superintendent Kirk to discuss the
course of study of the elementary schools.
In the course of his remarks he criticized
severely the part university professors
had played In forming the courses of
study of the public schools. He said:
We have been etrainlrx for years urujer the
burden of the Influence of the two universities.
We have been looking in the direction of the
product cf the nigh school rather than toward
the profiuct of the grammar school. I will
j-jeld to to one in lcyalty to the University of
California, cr to Stanford University, and I
have the tincereat admiration fcr their profes
sor* of pedag-OK}- and psychology- But I say
that the schools of the State are euHerlng be
rsuse cf the pressure cf these two institutions,
which are looking for a *ati?ractory product
frcm the higii echoole. rather than looking
<Sown to the product of the primary and gram
jriar schools, which, after all, are the pecpfe'i
ecrcols.
J«J:n Ewett and Superintendent MeCly
nonfis cf Oakland took exception to the
figures quoted by Superintendent Kirk.
contending that so far as California was
concerned they were misleading.
Professor E. P. Cubberly of Stanford
tTr.iversiaty said that Southern cities were
Included in the twenty-one of the list, and
consequently the totals did injustice to
euch cities a* San Francisco, where the
attendance is much above the average in
the Southern States.
'.'his discussion vu part of the delib
erations of the council of education, de
clared by President McClyraonds to be in
BPtsion for that purpose. In continuance
of it» deliberations Professor E. E. Brown
presented the report of the committee on
! course of etudy for elementary schools.
•General recommendations were made, and
I.i accordance with one of them the com
nission as above named was appointed.
A:ter the course of study is worked out
by it and the committee the result will
be furnished to the County Boards of Ed
ucation throughout the State for adoption
as tne uniform course of study. ,
Th» association itself was declared to be
in session following the deliberations of
the council. Mrs. M. M. Fitzgerald pre
ee rated the secretary's report, showing: the
TTu-mbtrship to have reached 11S5. with
A.&meda, Santa Clara and San Francisco
counties yet to be heard from. It is
thought that the association's member
ship win reach 1400 btfore the next annual
mettir.g:.
Trfj-./ur-pr Pryor presented his annual
report. ;
The chairmen of the 'various depart
ments i-ade short reports, summing up
ihc worr don* in thoir several depart-.
m*r.ts dui'nK the session. \ ? : • -
Frank Morton of the Low*j| High School
presented ti e report of theyommittee on
course of s-tjdy j n secondary schools. The
report recom-r 4 rnded that tb\ accrediting
system be a!t red to admit to\ the univer
sities the prat-jates of any w\ll equipped
Eecondary scho i. Much opposition to this
recommendatiot developed, b^t after a
long discussion ihc report was adopted.
Among the reso-itions adopted were the
following: .\
lUsclvcd. That thU association iniprees the
plin proposed by tbe Associated Al until of the ,
Pap 23 to 32
NEW YEARS CHEER
AT THE CLUBSr: 'A: Maltese cat of Sh*>boygan. Wls.. took
a -two and one-half, hours'-, ride. Inside the
rim of a flywheel; and lives.' • It jumped. In
the wheel • at th«i. refrigerating company's
plant. When the" engines were stopped
she *was ; a live and jwell, ' except-: for a* lit
tle, lameness. The '.wheel •• is twenty-two
feet ; in diameter, and : makes thirty-seven
revolutions a .. minute. ; Consequently.; dur
ing; the two ¦ and ; one-half hours, : the cat
covered , a" distance ' of about" 120 miles.
»' In Franklin County, Missouri, the 'other
day. a. couple bearing: the same name were
married.". .When, the » license was applied
for. th«> Probate Judgeiasked. as.theslaw
requires, if thp' bride and bridegroom. were
related. ""Well,' Judge."- responded the
bridegroom. "we klndpr are an'.'. we- kinder
ain't just; what you might call? relations.'
To»i «ee~we.'.wore*marrie<l ! together -for
quite a ppell, but ma thought she wanted
a divorce, a n' now we are goln' * to try ; it
over, again." . • '
Deer Killed by Hounds.
SAN RAFAEL., Dec. 2>.— It cost V>. Ar
blni just. $50 in .Judge Rodden's court to
night, when he pleaded guilty to allow
ing his' deerhounds to run at large during
the close" season for deer. - ¦
This morning W\ • E." ' Jory. a rancher near
Fairfax.. brought to "this city a small,
badly; mangled doe, which had been killed
by a couple of hounds. Jory's forcible
evidence : of : the violation of the nme
laws > started - Constable Agnew and Dep
uty Sheriff L. Johansen on . a search,
which was rewarded by the capture of the
twodogs. Their, owner, was. later taken
Into custody and. pleaded guilty. It Is re
ported that several; deer have been killed
during thr last month by hounds allowed
to run at large by their owners.*
Cape Town and Hongkong Not
Equipped, With ModenyAxtillery.
This question , is somewhat \ complicated
by the fact that so long as this country
keeps the, command of; the -sea all parts
of the empire are, with very few excep
tions, equally vulnerable or lnvulnerable.'
says Pearson's Weekly. It must also be
remembered that so far as the British "isl
ands are concerned invasion would not be
necessary; since effective blockade would
mean starvation and surrender in a month
or so. Again, no enemy would ; attempt
invasion till the fleet had , been crippled
Napoleon , with 400,000 men was afraid to
pass the Straits of Dover, - though they*
were patrolled - by. one old frigate, while
Von Moltke admitted that he had eight
plans for getting, into England,- but none
forgetting out again.' •.-¦ .
Vast areas of our colonies are practical
ly unprotected,, but, then they -are so far
away from any possible enemy's .base
that to invade them would.be^to temDt
disaster with little hope of adequate re
ward. Of ports which we make some pre-'
tense of defending, -the / most » vulnerable
are probably Cape Town, and Hongkonc
Their fortifications bear a no comparison
to those of the European irontlers,. and
they are " defended mostly by obsolete ar
tillery, which "would be : hopelessly -out
ranged by, the guos of modern .battleships
and cruisers, just 1 - as ;all -' hut '-' our : naval
guns were in 'South' Africa 'by the Boer ar
tillery<>@KfBMSHHBBiBESSBB > 9BiBBF" '
• VULNERABLE PORTS
Science, prompted and urged . by the
commercial instinct, has demonstrated
that casein, from ordinary cows' milk, is
quite as good for baking as the finest hen
eggs, and a company with $6,500,000 cap
ital has been formed 'to manufacture out
of It a substitute for the "fresh" and
"strictly fresh" product- of the poultry
yard. One pound of casein is equal to six
dozen eggs. August Belmont Is a larga
•stockholder In this corporation, which i iJ
ready, though only an infant, puts out
about 1300 pounds a day, the equivalent of
M5.4OO eggs. The hen's. only. remaining ad
vantage lies in the unhatchableness of tho
rival product and Its incasemont In a box
instead of a shell. €he* alone can be tho
mother of broods and - flocks of- chicken*.
Casein cannot ; deprive her of that chrr
ished privilege.'.' Th* artificial eg*r has ar
rived.but not the artificial broiler,'- fowl,
capon, roaster. 1 - etc— New York i Press.
Eggps Not Laid by Hens.
Cripple CreeK Is the greatest gold camp
in this country, and Its production is very
great. The core of the gold country there
is a strip of ground, six miles long by
three miles broad. Out fif this compara
tively email area of ground 120,000,000 in
rold will be taken this year.
Five hundred motor carriages per year
Is the average output of a Paris firm for
the last; five years.
A Gambler's Revenge.
Some years; ago the British court was
scandalized by ¦ the " announcement that
Robert . Standlsh SIcvler. well known
throughout Australia as "Bob Button, the
bookmaker," had managed to get pre
sented at court.' When' Mr. 'Slevler's iden
tity with Bob ; Button s was discovered the
presentation was canceled. Though the
mills of the gods grind slowly, they grind
sure,; and Bob has had . his « revenge on
the court of St. James, or thinks he has.
At ; the - sale ; of • the late Duke . of /West
minster's^ stud' the Australian "bookie"
was : bidding ¦ for a' filly by the • Prince of
Wales' Derby .winner, Persimmon, : from
Ornament. When, the bidding had reached
6000 guineas Sutton was confidentially told
that the Prince wished to. secure 'the filly.
"So do I,"- was, Mr. Button's answer,, with
some quaint 'Australian expressions add*
ed. u The> bidding s continued, and the * filly
was eventually knocked down. to the book
maker at the unprecedented price of 10,000
guineas.— Chicago Chronicle. ;
American Bars Abroad.
"American bars?" sneered the returned
traveler. He had "done',' the whole of
Europe and the exhibition; and his first
thought en walking off -the gangplank of
the Deutschland was the " nearest New
York rectifier of. cocktails. -After, wetting
his whistle he continued: "American
bars? In Eurone? Never eaw one. Heard
of 'em here ana* there. : Tried 'em every
time, but always found 'a German, a
Frenchman or a Spaniard serving- drinks.
The thing • ycu folks over .here . call an
American bar In Europe Is simply, a coun
ter for the drink-mixers to stand behind.
The European bar is a buffet up agratr.st
the wall, with the mixer out in front." You
never stand up for a drink in Europe,. but
have your order. served at a table. So I
should say that the difference between
the American bar abroad and the Euro
pean bar is this: In the former, you lean
up against a counter, with your foot on a
brass rail, to take a drink, while In the
latter you pit down at a table."— New
York Press. anuHHM
Martin Denny Gets the Decision Over
TOO STRONG FOB BEELLY.
the San Franciscan.
ASTORIA. Ore.. Dec. 29 —In one of the
best fights ever eeen in the Northwest.
Martin Denny, a recent arrival from Aus
tralia, defeated Jimmy Rellly of San Fran
cisco in nine rounds before the Seaside
Athletic Club to-night. The men had met
before In a twenty-round draw, but to
night Denny had matters pretty much his
own way. He jabbed Reilly's jaw until
the San Franciscan was groggy and fin
ally landed him in the ninth.
The last round was wound up furiously.
Denny landing heavily on the jaw. Rellty
got up twice, but the third - time went
down from the heaviest blow delivered
'during the fight. After seven seconds he
staggered ,to his feet and leaned against
the ropes, where his seconds held him up
Referee La Fontes. seeing that Rellly was
helpless, gave- Denny the decision. The
men weighed In at 135. "
McEACHEBN THE WHTNEB.
Opening 1 of the Indoor Bicycle Season
at Boston.
BOSTON*. Dec. 29.— The indoor bicycle
season, opened in Boston to-night at Park
Square Garden. The track on this. Its
first trial, promises .well for the six days'
race next week. ~ " uniUmrpm iiii . "
The big event to-night was the twenty
five-mile championship in which eleven of
the twenty-two entries started. Sum
mary:
Mile, professional, handicap, final heat— "Won
by Joe Dotrjiey. Boston. 90 yards; Will C. Stln
bon. Cambridge. 20 yards, second; Jean Oou-
Koltz. Paris, scratch,- third; Earl Kaiser, Ber
lin. 40 yards, fourth. Time. 2:07 1-5.
International 2o-mll<> unpared for the cham
pionship " of the world— Won by Archie Me-
Eachern of Toronto. Ryser of Germany second
Hugh McLean of Chelsea, Mass.. third. Win
ner*-* time. '1:05:01 2-5. v
An Office of Great Power and as Old
SPEAKER OF COMMONS.
as English " Liberties.
The office of Speaker of the House of
Commons, says the London Spectator, lg
nearly as fold as English liberties. „ The
chair of Sir Thomas More has been filled
many times by men who played a sound-
Ing part in the Struggle for the recogni
tion of Parliament. Sometimes the Speak
er might be the creature of the King, b^
more often he was the real voice of the
Commons., His duties have always been
twofold, for while ho was the ohairman
of the House, the Interpreter -of Its rules
and the final authority on its procedure,
he was. also the representative of the
House, who demanded from the King a
recognition of Its ¦ privileges, and acted
as the medium of communication with the
crown.; By virtue of his office he is the
first Commoner of Kneland. He ; . is lha
type and center of the Jealously guarded
prerogatives of tho Commons and, as
such, the guardian .of English freedom.'
The Speaker of the House. of Lords, the
Lord • Chancellor, . compared to him, has
very limited and Ineffectual powers, since
he sits outside the House, has no control
of debate, and no auchorlty on points of
order. The Speaker of the Commons, on
the other hand. Is tha very type of. the
House over which he presides; he keeps
order, and while professing himself the
very humble servant jjf the members, has
an almost despotic ' power over . a ref rac-'
tory Individual.? His presence in the chair
is the guaranty for freedom of debate.
Only once do ithe journals of the House
record an invasion of that rlfrht; In Jan
uary, 1642, we read that "his Majesty came
Into the e House and " took Mr. ;. Speaker's
chair. 'Gentlemen, , I am sorry to have
the occasion to come unto you.' "And
then the record breaks off, and we may
draw a moral from Us silence. -
But the, duties of the Speaker to-day
are much ' enlarged from the time when
;Addington:or Manners Sutton/ exercised
his mild rule.. Then* the procedure of tho
House was vague and. .unsettled, •: there
were, few means of dealing summarily
with offenders and of curtailing a cap
tious, debate. Sometimes the Speaker was
a man such as Onslowv whose word: was
law, because for thirty-three years he had
the ¦ confidence of tho ¦ House, ¦ but ; . more
often , he was • an , easy-going gentleman
with no - effective machinery of control
save In the last resort: But the efforts of
Mr.'PameJl and his friend* made Inevit
able a new and . sterner regime, v; To-day
the Speaker ; can allow or disallow : tho
closure as he thinks tit ; he , can refuse to
put to the House any, motion for adjourn
ment which, ho, thinks vexatious;; he can
curtail : any ¦ speech ; which . seems ; to him
to be wandering, from the question ' at is
sue. In addition, he has an absolute au
thority on points " of : etiquette ¦ and- If his
ruling is disputed .her can name the" of
fender to ' the House and ' have him sus
pended or' otherwise runished.
The racket wielders were out in /force
yesterday at the California Club. Sum
ner Hardy and Robert Whitney defeated
Fred Brown and George Whitney: In a
fast double 6-4. 6-4, 6-4. George Whitney
and Sumner Hardy defeated Rob Whitney
and Werner Stauf, 6-3, 6-1. George Lane
and Douglass Grant defeated Hodgkinson
and D. Hardy, 6-4. Hodgkinson defeated
Grant and George Lane, tf-4.
H. Young defeated D. Grant, 6-4. Drum
mond McGavin played a tie with Fred
Brown. 6-3, 2-6. Lieutenant Clarence
Kempff beat Lucius Allen. 6-3, 7-9. 6-1, 7-5,
6-8. D. McGavin played a tie' with. W.
Stauf , 6-2,- 4-6. Walter McGavin' played a
tie with Al Rosenberg, 6-4, 6-7. Georgo
Lane beat Douglass Hardy, 6-4, 6-2.
George GIbbs, an old University -of Cali
fornia player, was out during the week
and played several practice matches with
Miss Fanny Bruce. ; •
The doubles for the Davis cups will com
mence at 11 a. m. to-day,. and If possible
all matches will be played, off bo as to
have a single tournament on New Year's
day. • ' ...-.'
Many Old-Timers Wield the
Racket in Games at the
Club Grounds.
TENNIS MATCHES
OF CAL1FORN1ANS
SHABKEY TO BE
OPERATED UPON
Sailor Pugilist Will Bd
Shorn of His "Cauli
flower" Ear.
Sharkey la not th<» only pugilist who
suffers from "cauliflower" car. Oe>orsr<»
Dixon. Matty Matthews. Jlanmv Handler.
Kid Broad. Young Griffo and Kid La
vlgne are on the list.
NBTV YORK. Dec. 29.— Tom Sh&rkey
will goon undergo a painful operation for
what !¦ generally known In sporting par
lance aa "cauliflower" ear. That Is, th«
ear Is twice Its natural size and Btftl
growing. The tight on© is thus afflicted.
Th© cUsflgrur«>rn*r.t resulted from ni» ftarht
with Gus Ruhlln at Coney Island last
spring. Sharkey. who depends upon re
ceiving hard blows to deliver one In re
turn, stopped most of the punches during
that affair with his head and ear. until
the latter was crushed nearly Into pulp.
It now hangs to one side. SharkeyV* hear
ing is also threatened, and he in afraid h»»
will become deaf if h© does not attend to
the ear. He hopes that after the opera
tion the ear will be close to his hrad and
not extend to one side, as It does now.
Spectal Dispatch to Th*> Call
GAMES OP SOUTHERN"
BASEBALI* LEAGtTE
Moskiman Joins One of the Los An
geles Teams and Is Well
Beceived.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 29.— The two local
teams put up a fine game of ball to-day.
Consecutive hitting by the Maler and Zob
e!elns won the game by a score of « to S,
Moskiman of Oakland mad* his first ap
pearance with the Levys and was trell re
ceived. Score:
T*«vys ..0 01000*19— t
Maler * Zobeteins......! 0200020*— d
Hits— Ixvys ». Mater & Zohetelrw in. Errors—
Levy* 1. Maler & ZobMeln* 2. Batteries— IMrc
mid Peter»; Salisbury and Whaling. Umpire—
Barley.
SAN BERNARDINO. Dec. 29.— Th«
game between the San Dlegos and San
Bernardinoa to-day was a tie. the score
standing 3 to 3. Game was called on ac
count of darkness. Score:
San IMejrr> .....0 12 0*000 «~3
San Bernardino..... 0 10 0 10 0 1 0— 1
Hits — San rjiero' 5, San ' Bernardino 4. Errpr^
—San IHeKO 6. San Bernardino 2. Batteries—
Jones and Majiserina: Devereaux and • Duck
worth.- L'mjiv- Thurman. . >
The clear weather and fine condition of
the course attracted a large number of
golfers of both sexes to the Presidio links
yesterday. Several of the members of
class B went twice around the course, L.
P. Monteagle making the good score of
50-50. total 100 for the 18 holes. Captain
D. J. Rumbaugh, Warren Gregory. L. B.
Edwards. W. J. Dutton and Major O.
Christensen were among the players
H.^B. Goodwin Dlayed a Round Robin
tournament match over 18 holes against
£' W V Byrne, beating him 4 up, or 2 poinjts.
R. H. Gaylord played 15 /ioles against L.
O. Kellogg, and was 1 up when the latter
was obliged to leave the i links to keep an
engagement. The match will be concluded
to-day. J. J. Marshall" Jr., the general
agent of the Fireman's Fund . Insurance
Company at Chicago, played his first
game Of 'golf with Major C. Christensen
and L. B. Edwards as guides, philoso
phers and friends. Among the ladles Miss
Mullina made a round in 56 and Miss Ha
ger one In 68 on Friday. Miss Ethel Hacer
also went around the links. Yesterdav
Mies Therese Morgan covered the course.
On New Year's day there will be a hand
icap over IS holes, medal play, on the Pre
sidio Players may make the two
rounds at any time In the morning or
afternoon. ' The two making the lowest
net scores will receive prizes.
Goodwin Is Victorious in a
Match Against Byrne in
the Tourney.
sale at Tanforan yesterday was $1300
given for a yearling by . Bassetlaw-Miss
Maxim P. Dunne being the purchaser.
Several horses were knocked down to
John Mackey of Rancho del Paso.
GOLFERS PLAY
AT PRESIDIO
after Candelarla had captured the Fu
turity at Sacramento some years ago.
Several other articles of value were also
missed.
The largest price paid at the* Corrigan
Special TMspateh to Th* Call
BOSTON. Dec 29.— Kid McCoy and his
divorced wife have met. kissed and made
up. This announcement, together with a
signed statement from Mr. and Mrs. Mc-
Coy will be printed In to-morrow's Post,
a member of whose staff, B. H. . Benton,
once the manager of McCoy, effected the
reconciliation.
¦ McCoy and his wife are now in New
York and a re-marrlage Is on the sched
ule.- In his. statement McCoy takes back
all the mean things he has said about his
wife and expresses gratitude at the turn
things have taken, while Mrs. McCoy
thanks "God for hl3 blessings." and for
the removal of any stain that her hus
band's charges may have left upon her
character.
Th*»way in which the reconciliation was
effected was simple. After her divorce
and McCoy's flight to London Mrs. Mc-
Coy came to this city to work at a local
theater. While here her husband's ex
manager saw her several times, learning
that she still loved the Hoosler gladiator
and regretted their trouble. This ire sent
to McCoy in London. McCoy was then
planning a trip to South Africa, but
changed his mind and returned home.
Early In the present week he came to this
city, where the matter of effecting a
reconciliation was brought up. He still
loved her. he said, and expressed a desire
to fix things up. If shr was willing to
meet him half way. This was easily ar
ranged and on Thursday he'left for New
York, "where per arrangement he called
on Mrs. McCoy at her house, where all
differences were forgotten. Yesterday
telegrams from both announcing the hap
py result were received here, followed by
letters from both.
Peace Reigns Once More in
the Home of the Clever
%
Pugilist.
M'COY AND HIS
WIFE MAKE UP
WOULD REJECT
NEW SON-lN-LAW
LONDON. Dec. 23.— Sam Loates, the
English Jockey who was Reiffs
closest competitor last .season,
has started with his wife for New
York. He is Roinpr to California
for the winter and may be induced to ride.
When "Skoets" Martin returned to Cali-
?
Suit by the Lippkowskis to
Have Their. Daughter's
Marriage Annulled.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Dec. 29.
Frederick LJppkowski and his wife have
evidenced their determination not to rive
up their daughter » Caroline to her newly
wedded husband, Chris Carli, by filing a
suit" to have the marriage between the
youthful pair declared null and void. '
The wedding was solemnized by Justice
Qulnn on the 27th of last month. The
young people slipped away together, came
to Oakland, procured a license and were
made husband and wife before the unsus
pecting parents of the girl had any knowl
edge of the affair. : 'iy; :\U iv-^ v
The complaint filed to-day says that the
daughter returned home immediately aft
er the ceremony was performed and that
she and Carll have never lived together.
The day after the marriage Mrs. LJpp
kowskl came to Oakland to investigate
the affair. She was enraged to find that
her worst fears were true and that a
license had been issued to the pair, in
which Carli had stated under oath that
his intended'bride was 18 years old. This
statement. Mrs. Lippkowskl said, was
perjury, as her daughter was only 16 years
of age. She at once declared her Inten
tion " of prosecuting her- unwelcome son
in-law for felony, and promised to land
him In San Quentln If there was any law
to reach him. \
At this juncture a wealthy uncle of
Carll came forward and sided with the
young people. He said that they should
not be separated, nor should his nephew
be convicted of perjury if it took his en
tire fortune to prevent it. -
Apparently this unexpected opposition
has changed the Llppkowskls' plans. The
criminal charge has not been presented
and a civil one is substituted.
The complaint states that neither of the
plaintiffs gave consent to the marriage;
that their daughter Is but 16 years of age.
and that therefore the marriage was ille
gal and the court is petitioned for its an
nulment.
.The parents say that Carll has no
means nor Income, and. that he is utterly
unable to support himself, to say nothing
of a wife, and that he knew they were
opposed to their daughter having any
thing to do with him.
The Ldpnkowskls conduct a wayside sa
loon at 3022 Clement avenue, adjoining
the carhouse of the Sutro Railroad Com
pany, In this city. It is much frequented
by tlje grave diggers from the City Ceme
tery arid ' teamsters engaged in hauling
sand for grading lots in . the immediate
vicinity. V
Caroline, the heroine of the adventure.
Is a' second daughter. She appears to be
about the age her ; parents claimed, but
in the ways of the world is wise beyond
her years.
The groom la spoken of very highly by
those who have met him/ and despite tha
mother's ; interference in the matrimonial
affair the daughter s.ays she loves him
yet.\ ¦ . ¦ : . . ¦¦ '¦•' ¦ - '¦;¦¦, . ' t -
Caroline was working with a family on
Pierce street at the time the marriage oc
curred. She gave ; up . her. place at the
time and has since returned to her own
family.
Carll is employed as a bartender at the
Olive House, 612 California street. 'Both
he and his wife are under age. «
SAM LOATES, ONE OF THE STRONGEST FINISHERS RIDING ON THE
ENGLISH. TURF,. .WHO MAY BE SEEN IN THE SADDLE ON SAN _
FRANCISCO TRACKS.
-o>J!^f?SS^LS^^'-^^A D A Y J DEC_EaiBEB^ 29 : —"W>ather nn«. . Track fast.
1564. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; maiden two-year-old flllies; purse. $350.
__ - . ,. . Betting — ¦.
Index Horse. Age,. Weight. Pet St. %. %. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. ; HI. . Cl. PI.
1618 Edna Brown ....105 6 2 13 18 16 13 Domlnlck .. 4-5 1 4-5 1-3
822 Annello .108 3 32 8 25 24 24 Bullman ... 6 30 20 7
.... Companion 105 97 3H6H8h 314 J. Woods.... 7 20 • 20 . . 8
1541 Lucent 105 4« 76 61 41 46 Rannch 20 60 60 20
1529 Plcklow ..105 7 6 4276 62 61 Farrell 20 60 60 20
15» Illusion 102 6 8 8 8 8 6 1 Mounce.... 6 10 10 4
1529 Eatelada 105 10 1 64 3H6% 74 J. Daly .... 8 20 20 I
1414> Marion Bristol... 105 24 (h 41 71 8 Enos 20 150 10O 40
1550 Inxtante -....103 - 8 • Coburn ....: 6 7 7 2
Carrie' Lucas 105 1 • / Dangman ..20 60 60 15
1541 Luca 104 12 f , O'Connor ... 6 7 7 5-2
.... ICarthaglna 101 n t ... ... • Phelan 20 75 60-30
T l m . e ~?* 16 - :18: 6 " 1S> :29: M6 > :<U4:-5%f. l:08Vi. Bad start. Won ' easily.- Second easily.
Third driving. Winner. R. A. Smith's, b. f. by Kingston-Lucy Johnson. Winner outclassed
her company. Annello was unknown. Companion Is fast. Lucera was coming fast.
rPuTled up. tLeft.
JS63. SECOXD RACE— One mile; three-year-olds; purse, $400. ' f •;-<
*Pfl« Horse and Wtlght. Pst St. .M. M. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. ' Op. Hi" "ci" PL
*«!£} P»" Garrett 104 2 ~2 2~% TZ TT Ti Domlnlck ".". 3-5 7^10 7^ 1^10
<1£ 53) MacGyle 98 4 4 42 4 4 2 1' 2 H Ransch 20 35 25 '='•«
,1560 booster Boy ....109 8 3 3 1 2 1 3 2 8 3 Bullman ... 2 2-2 1-3
1545 Dangerous Mald.104 1 1 1H 8 h 4 4 4 3 Mouncc .... 8 i!5 15 5-2
1490 Bunello 1Q4J 5 S 8 8 S 5 O'Connor ... 20 '50 50 8
¦Ttm»— «i. :26; H, :50%; %t 1:15; mile. 1:4U4. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing:. Winner. M. Godfrey & Co.'s ch. gr. by Housatonic-Beseie Baker. Garrett won wreath-
from home. Sunello out of kilter.
15C6. THIRD RACE— Stegplechaaa handicap; short course; three-year-olds and up; $450. j
Po. I ~ Itettlni?
Index Horse. Age. Weight. Pst St. 6J. WJ. Str. ,Fln. Jockeys. Op. HI. C\. PI.
1386 Credo. 5 128 3 2 18 1 10 1 15 1 10 ISutherlanTT 5 10~ 3 4-<6
1543 Mestor. a 129 4 4 4 4 U 215 Cooper 6 12 12 1
154! Lord Chesterfld 6.152 2 1 2 10 26 825 325 Hueston ... 3-5 1 4-5 1-3
1554 Eva Moe. 3 1?2 18 2 10 8 IS 4 4 Owens ..... 5-2 3 3 3-5
Time— 4:00. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner, C. K. Durnell's
b. f. by Morello-Prlze. Credo was nominated by acclamation. Mcstor always knocking
and game. Lord Chesterfield tired under the pace and weights. Eva Moe a better flat
hurdler.
JgltT. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; Juvenile Champion Stakes; 2-year-olds: value, *26:5.
Index Horso and Weight. Pst St. tf. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. ' Op. PI. 1
(1544) Brutal 11? 11 6 I 44 14 CConno" I 10 6 3
Io44 Canmore 122 3 6. 6n 4X4 2H 22 Mounce .... 7-2 S 6 8-5
14M Reviling Ro»r 127 4 4 4 n 6 h 5 2 1 !»i Cohurn 3-5 3-5 11-20 11-20
1555 Golden Atre 127 S3 In 2h 31 42 Bullman ... • » » j.g;
1536 Kenilworth 127 65 in lh In fi6 N. Turner... ? 1<> 15 5
(143S) Bedeck 122 2|2 ih 3n 6 6 Uenklns .... 6 15 12 4
Time— U. :2S: »4. :49:" H. 1:01%: "4. l:2T>i. Fair Mart. Won first three driving. Winner.
Burllncame Stock Farm s ch. g. by imp. Brutus-Forma. O'Connor on winner outflnlnhed
Mounce. Brutal Improves with every race. Canmore not quite straight when barrier went
up. Brutal was cut off right after start, however, evening things up. Golden Age quit.
Boernotuptomu^^Coupledwlth Rolliny Boer.
1SCS. FIFTH RACE-Mll* and a sixteenth; selling: threc-year-oldi and up; purse. $400.
Index Horse. Age, Weight. Pst St. H- 94- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. "ciT PI?
(1552) Opponent.- 5 101 1 1 31 3 U 1H 1 1H Coburn ~ J 11-5 I iTs
1549 St. Wood. 4 104 8 4 14 14 2 2 2 2 Domlnick.. 8 12 10 5
1540 Edgardo. 3 9S 7 8 21 23 31 81 Rsnsch 6 10 10 3
1521 Donator. 6 104 4 6 «1 742 42 Mounce .... 5 ' 6 6 3
flMO) Dr. Bernays, 6.. .113 22 4h 41 64 58 O'Connor .. 8-6 6-2 2 7-10
1B3J Lavator, 4 110 6 652 62 61 65 Bullm&n ... 6 10 10 4
1647 Lou Rey. 4 104 6 7 7 617 7 Farrell 20 60 40 15
Time— 1-16, .•«%: 6-16. :31: >-16. :55»4: 13-16. 1:21; mile. 1:404; 1 l-16m, 1:47%. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner. J. Coffey** oh. g. by Onondaga-El«<inore. Opponent per
fectly ridden. 6t. Wood a surprise. Too far and fast for Donator. Too much weight, per
haps, on Dr. Bernays. Scratched— Billy Moore 98. Pupil 103.
1500. BIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; maidens; all ages; purs»..|350.
P*. - • ( Bfttlng
Index Horse. Age. Weight.! Pst St. H. 94. Str. Fin. " Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl^ Pi?
1558 Phoenlssa, 3 107 4 1 1~4 Tl ... 11 Mounce .... 3 4~ 7-2 Ti
.... Brenhllda. 4 10? 3 10 7 1 2 1 ... 3 14 Bullman ... • • • s-s
1511 Onyx. 4 109 8 7 6 1 6 1 ... 3 4 Tullett B 10, . 8 4
1557 Cambaceres, 2. ...105 9 2 4h 42' ..." 4 2 Coburn ..... '« ' «- "''5 '¦ z
1548 I.«dy Maud. 3 107 11 5 SI 3h ... 6 h J. Woods... 20 100 60 40
154H Eight Dollar*. 4..110 10 11 111 9 1 ... 6 u. Enos 8 8 6 B •»
1557 Haralamb, 3 102 12 9 » 2 «2 ... 7 2 O'Connor ..4 4 3 I I
1M9 Williwn F. 3 107 6 8 10 1 8 1 .„ 8 6 - Burlingame 6 20 20 8
1522 Honduran. 3 107 7 8 2h 71 M . 9 1 Dominlck ..355 a
1148 The Odyseey, 2.. .105 1 12 12 13 ... 10 Gray 15 60 30 20
1558 Sweet Voice, 3.. .107 2 6 9 1 10 3 ... 11 Devln ' 8 30 20 12
.... Clarello. 8 107 6 4 5 h 11 2 ... 12 Bergen ..... 8 12 12 5
Time— 3-16. :1S%; 6-16. :31; »-16 :55; 64f. 1:21%. Good start. Won easily Second and
third driving. Winner, C. T. Boots' ch. f. by Imp. Brutus-Dido II. Brenhllda can go «ome
Phoenisga will improve. Others not worth commenting on. »CoupIed with Phoenlssa.
fornia one year ago, after a season's
work In the saddle on the English turf,
the California rider spoke very highly
of Loates. Said Martin:
"It did not take Sammy long to see the
advantage gained in a crouching position
and a shorter stirrup. He is a smart lit
tle chap, caught on quickly and can fin
ish with the best of "em."
LAST CHANCE FOR TERRY.
National Sporting Club of London
Insists Upon Quick Reply.
NEW YORK. Dec. 29.— The National
Sporting Club of Txmdon has decided to
give McGovern tmtll January a In ordfr
to make up his mind whether he will n«ht
Ben Jordan. If at the end of that timw
Terry dees not answer, the fpather-wplsM
champion never will get another chanc«
to fipht Jordan or any one else at thar
club.
"Under no circumstances will the pur.'e
be Increased." said Dr. Ordway. the Na
tional Club's representative. "The club
will jrtve the hoys a purse of $C73<>, with
liberal expenses to McGovern. If MeGnv
crn does not come to the scratch by Jan
uary 5 he never will get a chance to flsht
at the National Club."
Kid Broad's manager said to-day h#> hn<1
received an offer of $3000 to meet McGov
ern at San Francisro during the flrsr
week of February. -The National Athlctl ••
Oub. it is said, is ready to hang up th»
incentive. Broad never expected he wouM
get this much money, and Immediateiv
awepted. He has* wired the National peo
ple to send the articles to Loulsvillp.
where Broad will train for his battle, with
Dave Sullivan.
Rockefeller May Buy Gentry.
MTDDLETOWN. N. Y., Pec. Z>.-Tt 1st
rumored at Oosohen that Frank R.->cko
feller is negotiating for the purchase of
John R. Gentry, 2:10^, for his stock ranch
n«ar Wichita. Kan?. Gentry la owned by
K. H. Harriman.
IT mast assuredly have been cratify
ing to Prince Foniatowskl as he
ftood on the root of the clubhouse
surrounded by a cluster of society
folks to see his promising two-year
old Brutal, capture th« Juvenile Cham
pion stakes at Tanforan Park yesterday.
In a desperately fought finish the son
of Imp. Brutus, with Winnie O'.Connor
end 119 pounds in the saddle, snatched the
long end of the 52625 prize from Walter
Jennings' Canmore by a long neck. • It
was no cheap, trashy victory, for behind
The pair named followed such select ones
as Rolling Boer. Golden Age. Kenilworth
and Bedeck. Of course Golden Age and
Rolling Boer, coupied In the betting, were
overwhelming choices. The latter colt,
while owned by W. M. Cahill, is trained
by Sam Hlldrcth. It was early prophesied
that Brutal would be hard to beat, and
from 10 his odds fell to' 6. Canmore at the
Fame price was expected to prove the
thorn in the side of the first choioea. At
the post Canmore acted like a hoodlum,
f.nally getting none the best of it when
the barrier was released. Still, the same
could be said of Btutal. for. with more
ppeed, Kenilworth and' Golden Age closed
in on him before the turn was reached.
Kenilworth, with a mighty flight of speed,
tiptoed in front of Golden Age to the
Mretch. then both were ready and willing
io retire. Bedeck and Rolling Boer were
far back, and It remained for Canmore
and Brutal to fight it out. Xt the pad
tfock Canmore looked a winner, then
O'Connor laid fcslde the whip, fairly lifted
the Prince's two-year-old off his feet and
won by a neck, covering the seven fur
longs in 1:2jT4. Coming from the rear
Rolling Boer ran third.
Prince Ponlatowski was highly elated
over the j-uccess of his two-year-old, and
it Is understood the youngster will be pre
pared for both the California and Amer
ican. Derbies. He is a chestnut, green as
yet and growrhy, and will ¦ bear consid
erable watching if nothing happens him.
The usual big Saturday crowd was pres
ent, and the betting more than brisk. A
ftrong breeze swept over the- course, re
tarding the horses somewhat when headed
for the wire. Aside from the Ftake, none
of the other numbers possessed much
claps, the favorites thrice leading out
their fields.
Quite like, old times, the steeplechase
furnished the smart one of the afternoon.
While Lord Chesterfield became drowsy
in the ring, Credo, with Sutherland In the
»-acdle. was backed from 10 to 3, and won
&11 the way. Nearly making a xnistak©
at the first jump, "Boots" Durnell's horse
thereafter fenced well, never leaving the
result in doubt, Mestor beat the favorite
out for second place.
Backed almost off the boards. Bob
Smith's two-year-old, I>ana Brown, mad©
c show of her field In th© opening sprint
for maiden fillies. Annello, the Corrigan
cntrj'i a SO to 1 chance, ran In ahead of
Companion for the place.
Bill Garrett. the Missouri gelding, which
seems capable of running as fast as he
wants to. made it four straight In th©
mile purs© run. The books laid 7 to 10,
and he won throwing the bit away. Woos
ter Boy bluffed along with Bullman for
eeven furlongs, and then, lost th© place
to MacGyle.
Owing to his name of being a hard luck
"critter," 2 to 1 was obtainabl* against
Opponent winning th© mile and a six
teenth eelling affair. Dr. Bernaya, It was
thought", could lower his number, but the
Doctor failed to get Inside the money.
With little In reserve. Opponent was
ridden out by Coburn, to down St. Wood,
a 10 to 1 shot. Edgardo, th© Elmwood
farm entry, ran third.
A pcrambta for maidens at six and a
half furlongs closed the day's sport. Pho«
nissa, a likely looking filly by Brutus,
cam© home a length before her stabla
companion, Brenhilda, Ilaralamb, the fa
vorite, ran unplaced.
Track Notes.
The racing at Oakland track on New
Tear's day will commence a.t 1:43 p. m.
iri?t<?ad of 2:15 as is customary.
The Burns & Wa-terhouse cottage at
Oakland track was robbed Friday night.
Trainer Ben Tlmmons lost a valuable
timer, presented to him by his employers
HOTED THEATER'S
DOORS REOPEN
Comedie Francaise Returns
to Its Old Home in
Paris.
PARIS. Dec. 23.— A brilliant spectacle
vu pn?5ented at the Theatre Francais
to-night on the return of the Comedie
Francaise to its old home, which has been
rebuilt on scientific methods Fince it was
ruin*»d by fire last March. The occasion
celebrated with a gala performance,
and it Is doubtful if the historic playhouse
ever held a more distinguished gathering
of representative Frenchmen. The Chief
of State and Madame Loubet occupied the
Presidential box, while the King of the
R*»Jgians made a special trip from Brus
sels to attend the function, engaging the
Baignore, formerly belonging to his uncle,
the Due d'Aumale- M. Waldeck-Rou«
eeau, the Premier, members of the Cab
inet, and all the leading lights In politics,
literature and the drama, were assembled
within the famous edifice. United States
Embassador Porter and his daughter sat
In the Embassadorial box.
The programme consisted of the fourth
act of Comellle's "Le Cid," the third act
of Moliere's "Femmes Savantes," con
cluding with a prologue on the reopening
of the theater written by Richepln.
Mounlt-Sully, Salvain. Coquelin Cadet,
and Mesdames Dudley escaped from
the fire when Mile. Henrlot perished).
Bariottl and Bartet took leading roles.
The traditional . ceremony which attends
every historical . performance 'at the v
Theatre FranCais was a. most picturesque
:«ccne. The stage represented a baronial
hall, with two stone benches on either
Ride. The bust of Moliere was decorated
with the trl-color and a golden wreath.
All the members of the troupe, attired
in fcarlet and ermine, entered two by two,
bowed to the audience and placed a laurel
wreath around the bust, to which they
then bow?d. afterward taking their places
ort the benches. Mounlt-Sully, in the role
of Doyrn of the company; Mme. Bariotti,
as the Muse of Comedy, and Mme. Bartet,
the Muse of Tragely. then spoke an elo
quent poetical prologue and the curtain
fell to the strains of the "Marseillaise."
The theater has undergone little struc
tural alteration, but numerous improve
ment* have been Introduced, such as a
new fireproof curtain, better staircase ar
raja^ements and safety exits for both the
public and the artists In caae of fire. One
of th«» principal innovations is an elevator.
The auditorium Is tattefully decorated in
jrold and rich red. Houdon's statue of
Voltaire, which was nearly destroyed in
the flre owing to vhe difficulty of remov
ing it, is now placed on wheels. Tapestry
from the famous Gobelin factory, repre
senting the crowning of Mollere by cele
brated members «f the Comedie Pran
cais*. which' It has taken several years to
execute, hung In the foyer for the first
time to-night.
During the entr'acte President Loubet
t^inferre d upon Mounit-Sully the decora
tion of an officer of the Lesion of Honor.
By in. e. 3^CXJ3LiH:or J I_,^3Sr3D^
Prince Poniatowski's Two-Year-Old, With' Winnie O'Connor
Up, Defeats a Craek Field.
Sam Lqates, Closest Competitor of • the Elder Reiff, Starts
- * With His Wife for a Visit to California.
"Skeets" Martin was a powerful finisher
himself, and when he speaks thus of a
foreign rider it is very probable Loates
will be able to hold his own here.
Results at New Orleans
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 23.— Results:
One and a sixteenth miles, selling— Brtg*ht
Night won. Xeare3t second. Jack Martin third.
Time, l:57*i.
Six furlonss. nellins— Gracious won. Scriv
ener second. Sir Christopher third. Time. 1:1?.
Steenlechase. short course— Isen won. Haxva
B second.' Jack Hayes third. Time-. 3:36H
New Orleans handicap, seven furlon** —
Moroni won. Alpaca second. Old Fox third.
Time. 1:32U.
One mile— Donna Seay won. Senator Fever
!d*e second. Gray Dally third. Time. 1:1*> »- 1
, One and a sixteenth miles, selling— Belle- of
Orleans won. Ida Ledford second. Phidias
third. Time. l:J6'i. . .sSSiC98aK3UBESS
Narcissus, Ireland and Palo Alto Are
: Named' as Possible Victors in ,
:'"; the Final Hound of
the Stake. •
¦ The run-down .In the open stake at
Union Park yesterday produced very few
surprises and leaves practically an open
field for final honors. Fromlthe running
yesterday Narcissus, ¦ Ireland- and ,-: Palo
Alto are picked -to win by the form, play
ers," but there are half a dozen dogs who
also figure In the stake at this stage. ,
In the long odd3 book Palo Alto is the
favorite at 4 to 1 and'Narcissus second at
6 to 1.. Ireland,- originally 10 to I, wag
backed down to 4"to IT. but is likely to go
up in price to-day. "Ireland. has a strong
following and the performance given by
him yesterday. warrants it. -Then there is
Warship, ;; Honesty, Brutus, Dewdrop.
Floodgate and Harlean Gladys to be con
sidered.
Hurricane . and Palo. Alto furnished the
sensational course of the day and Geary's
dog nearly met. his fate. The score was
10-8 after a' hard course.
9 The 'hares, except in a few courses at
the beginning and the close, ran rather
weak. The great majority of the courses
were well under a minute..
The short enders'who triumphed played
Jingle Bells 1 to 5 against Little Sister, |
Sir Pasha 3 to 5 against. Chicago Boy,
Golden Garter, 1 to 3 against For Glory,
Connemara 1 ' to 2- against : Herschel's
Pride,' Olita 3 to 5 against Straya way,
Bunco Bill 1 to - 4 against' Re-AnneX, '
Ploughboy 1 to 3 against: Kid McCoy,
Bowery Boy 2 to 7 against. Castaway, Mc-
Kinley 1 to 3 against Twin City Girl, and
America 1 to 2 against Master I>awrence.
following 13 the result of the run-down:
II. A. Deckeltnan's Snapshot beat Pasha
Kennfls' Rollicking Airs; Pasha Kennels' Risky
Attempt beat I... O. Hodgkin's Palmflower; J.
P. Thrift's Tyrona Prince beat B. SI. Kelloir's
Iowa Boy; J. Dempsey's Jingle Bells beat F. A.
McComb's I>ittJe Sister; Aeneld Kennels' Flue
Fine- beat J. Krenan's lAindtn l-ink*; C'-O.
Peterson's Silver Cloud beat Maher Sr. Reid's
Bad Boy; Maher & RcM's Uncle Fuller heat
Curtis & Son's Fashion Plate; J. Carroll's Mas
ter Claif beat T. Tlerney's L,ucretia Borfria;
Pasba Kennels' Roman Athlete beat F. A. Mc-
Coinb'i Bona Fide; K. Geary's Ireland beat J.
P. Thrift's Forget: F. A. MrComb's Sir Paeha
beat Oeorge Sharman's ChiraKO Boy; C. O.
Peterson's Half Moon beat Captain Cane's Vic
tor. Boy: Curtis & Son's AVar Eagle beat JelT
Martinet's Bill' Foster; J. Carroll's Auckland
beat D. J. Healey's Nlcaslo: Russell & Allen's
First Foot beat T. J. Cronin'B Vandal: R. B.
dp B. Lopez & Son's Warrigo beat Pasha Ken
nel's Belle Clalr: Curtis & Son's Anchor beat
H. Lynch's Ijj-ddite; J. Keenan's Lady T^ears
beat McCarthy & Dlnal'R Prairie Princess: K.
Geary's Palo Alto beat .1. Hurley's Hurricane;
Captain Clarkson's Golden Garter beat Rterl
& Knowles' For Glory: J. Deiin's Wareo beat
Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon; J. Dean's Con
nemara beat J. Putton's Herschel's Pride; J.
Smith's Master Workman beat Pasha Kennels'
Round About; Captain Cane's Greenhall beat
E. M. Kellog's Sweet Kmma; Curtis & Son's
Warpath beat J. H. Perigo's Lady Davenport:
Sterl & Knowles' OHta beat Russell & Allen's
Strayaway; Chlarlnl Brothers' Bunco BUI beat
B. Silvia's Re-Annex; J. K. Hasklns' Kins
Cashier beat A. Van der White's L#ar Kin*:
P. J.-. Reilly's Ploughboy beat B. M. Kellpg's
Kid* McCoy; E. M. Kellog's Ben's Babe beat
H. Lynch's Emma M: Russell & Allen's Wed
ding Bells beat Jeff Martinet's Slim;-r>. Dil
lon's I>ew Drop 'beat D. J. Healy's Tapioca:
P. J. Rellly's Honesty beat J. Hurley's O.-..K.
Capitol; P. Jackson's Honor Bright beat Sulli
van & Trainor's My Selection: George Shar
man'a Black Flush beat H. H. Gray'3
Commander: ¦ R, J. Reilly's - .Warship beat
R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's "Werlbee; M. Dun
lea's Erin beat H. Lynch's Ltnton; F. Jones'
Harlean Gladys beat H. Lynch's I,llac; J. P.
Tlirlft's St. Michael beat Pasha Kennels' Ran
dom. Aim; Georffe Sharman' s St. Ives beat
Pasha Kennels' . Racy Anecdote; Connell Bros."
Mamie Pleasant beat Aeneid Kennels' Aethra;
H. H. Gray's Rona beat J. Dean's Wallant;
Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face beat Runsell & Al
len's Faithful lAd; Curtis & Sons' Shadow beat
P. J. Reilly's The Grafter: P. Doyle's Libera
tor beat Curtis & Sons' Cash; George Sharman's
Bowery Boy beat Russell & Allen's Castaway;
George Xethercotfs Floodgate beat Russell &
Allen's Spiteful; Curtis & Sons' McKlnley beat
S Handy's Twin City Girl: Pasha Kennels'
Artist beat R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Kasar;
Curtis & Sons' Narcissus beat F. Jones' Tom
Hurlick;H. A. Deckelman's Rocker beat T. .T.
Cronln's Vixen; R.L. Taylor's Mose beat P.
Tidily"* I^ady Grannrd; Captain - Clarkson's
Headwater beat Curtis & Sons' Rosinante; Ers
kine A- Jones' Lavender beat George Whitney's
Theron; . E. Geary's America beat J. Button's
Master Lawrence: J. P. Thrift's Brutus beat
J. Smith's Honey Boy; Curtis & Sons' '¦ Echo
beat Chlarlnl Bros.' Brass Button: B. Geary's
Bonnie. Pasha beat Pasha Kennels' Rest As
mired; R. L.- Taylor's Beauty ¦ Snot beat H.
Lynch's Lottie M: D. Toland's Pleasant Girl
beat T. J. Cronin's Wild Tralee; P. Reilly's
Cascade beat Curtis & Sons' Psyche: Pasha
Kennels' Royal Anne beat Aeneid Kennels'
Achilles.
Field of High-Class Hounds
Left in the Regular
Open Event.
STAKE WINNER
HARD TD PICK
BRUTAL CAPTURES THE JUVENILE
CHAMPION STAKE, DRIVING HARD
ENGLAND'S PREMIER JOCKEY MAY
DON COLORS IN SAN FRANCISCO
CALIFORNIA MIDWINTER SPORT ON TRACK AND FIELD
TJblJfl SAl^ FRANGTSCO CALL,, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 30; ; 1900.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
24
A* Frenchman, arrested in Baltimore.
Md:, with ' his traveling bear, brought the
animal with him into court, where its an-
tics , so' amused the Judjre that the pris-
oner was discharged and escorted out of
the city." ' >*',':* -;V:
/*%. a ¦ m a 4% . Lafiln A I Rand Waterproof
MB at &|&" Smok«l*w Powd-r. In bul*
1 Eifl and 'oa^d la "hells. 3entt
III BiHffi for catUo*u» of sporting
J LI I SI (foods. GEO. Vf. SHREVE.
ADVERTISEMENTS,
A Host Remarkable Remedy Thai
SENT FREE TO MEN!
Quickly Restores LostVijor
to Men.-
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a meat remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will writs the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men ino had bat-
tled for years against the ' mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to dis:ribu:a
free trial packages to all who writ*. It
is a borne treatment, and all men wh» $
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, promatufO
loss of strength and memory, weak ltac<£.
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at borne. I
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving straagtn
and development just where it Is neaded.
It cures all the Ills and troubles .hat coma
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success m
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 323 Elektron baildinj. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. stating that you desire cn»
of their Iree trial packages, will be com-
piled with prompt^-. Tha Institute is do-
sirous of reaching that grea: class of mea
who are unable to leave home to bo treat-
ed, and the free »ample will enable them
to see bow easy it is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness w.ien the proper remed!**
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. An} man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully real*d in a
plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear *t embarrassment or public-
ity. • Readers are requested to writs with-
out delay. . /Death of t Mxs. : Margaret ; Scott.
OAKLAND," Dec. 29.— Mrs. Margaret
Llnds&y .. Scott, a : member; of one of the
prominent families of; Louisville,' Ky., and
grandmother :. of ¦ Mrs.^ James „ Brooks ; of
this city, passed away at noon to-day at
the residence of her -granddaughter, : 305
Twentieth street. ¦' Mrs. Scott was 81 years
of age, X a native of < Kentucky. The re
mains .will be -taken , to Louisville for In
terment. ¦ •¦•¦• - - • ¦¦ . )L
Ati 'Address ' to' Young 1 Men.
. OAKLAND, Dec 23.— Mayor; R. W.
Snow will read an address to-morrow be
fore the Youngr* Men's Christian Associa
tion upon the subject, "A Twentieth
Century . Message to the >Youn«r Men ot
America." The 4 paper, was written by.
Governor Roosevelt for delivery - before
the New York City Y.,M.- C. A. Rev. E.
R. Dllle. pastor > of • the ; First i Methodist
Church, will jflve a. ten-mlnu,t© address*.
Insane From Lack of Work.
OAKLAND, Dec 29. — Because of threats
to kill his family and commit suicide.
William Lamb, 28 years old, residing at
760 East Fourteenth street, was to-day
taken before the Lunacy Commissioners
and committed to a State hospital.
Lamb's relatives said he had . been sub
jected to hardship and exposure while
looking for employment He had brooded
over his failure to find work and sloco his
return, homo had becomejvloleaW >T.
Death of S. Bradford Morse.
OAKLAND, Dec. 29.— News has been re
ceived here • of the death last night .* at
Portland, Or., of S. Bradford Morse, fath
er of Mrs. Henry A. Melvln Tof 412 East
Eighteenth' street.- Mrs.- Melvln r and her
husband with their, son, Bradford. Melvln,
and Miss > Ruth Morse, a daughter of the
deceased . Oregonian, I have gone to Port
land.*" , ; . ,_.*•. i-'
At the Oakland ; Theaters.
OAKLAND, /Dec. 29.— Three perform
ances — Monday and Tuesday evenings and
a New Year's day matinee— of v Primrose
& Dockstader's minstrels are offered. al
the Macdonough • for the opening: of th«
holiday week. Following on Wednesday
evening will be the big society event— the
entertainment of the Yale musical clubs.
Tho sale of seats opens Monday at the
Macdonough box office.':-., '
"Rosedale," a popular military drama,
presented with . elaborate scenery, will . be
the card next week at the Dewey Theater.
CHILDREN DANCE AND
snra : as bag dolls
Little Folk Take Part in Entertain
ment for Benefit of St. Mark's
Church.
BERKELEY, I>ec. ', 29/— The ; children of
St. Mark's parish appeared a3 rag dolls
this afternoon in the opera-house for the
benefit of the church. The little folk
were dressed in fantastic-costumes and
wore cloth masks, bo that they appeared
like animated dolls. A very clever pro
gramme of singing, dancing and speaking
was rendered. . ¦-¦.-'
The children who took part were cos
tumed as follows:
Japanese— Helen Hutton. Anna Shay. Helen
Shay Marlam Shay. Inez Goodman; dancing
daisies— Ardley | Davis. Hertha Hermann, Ruth
Hlckok Elolse Shoecroft. Ramona ¦ McSh&ne.
Drucella Clay; brownies— TVillle .. Tyrell, John
McShane, John ' Irving, Frank Rutherford,
Howard Price, Macafee -Edmonds; quaker
elrls— Marguerite Edmonds, Roberta Lester,
Hazel Wilson. Martha Davis, Bessie - Baurne,
Shirley Jones, Helen Alkalay, Grace . Sacket.
Maria Llndberg: German band— MInard Jones,
Harold Swan, Nathan Eastman, Heusted East
man. Philip Breck; little "darkies"— Fernanda
Hermann 1 Roba Goodman. Ella Demorest. Dona
Demorest. Mary Lee. - Olivia * Wright. Caro
Mills Luclle Shoecroft, Florence Pierce, Mabel
Jauness,- < Ethel ¦ Woodward, . Paddy Ambrose,
Scott Mills Allen Nicolas, Ernest Price, Robert
Stutt, Robert: Parker, Enoch Pond, Georgs
Graydon. ¦ Constance -¦ Womble - appeared as a
French. doll and Myrtle Hill as_a Filipino doll.
¦-; The affair was . in charge of Mrs. Oliylfc
Wright and Miss Queen Montgomery.
Geologists Close Session.
BERKELEY, Dec. 29.— The Cordllleran
Section of the Geological Society of Amer
ica • completed Its second annual session
to-day. The meeting was held in room 34,
South Hall. •
The following papers were read: "Sketch
of Pedological Geology of California,"
Professor E. W. Hllgard. University of
California; "The Geology of the Great
Basin In Eastern California and South
western Nevada," H. W. Turner, Wash
ington, D. C. ; "Neocene Basins of the
Klamath Mountains," F. M. Anderson,
Berkeley, presented by A. C. Lawson;
"The Drainage Features of California"
and "A Feldspar-Corundum Rock From
Plumas County," Professor A. C. Law
son, • University of California: "The Age
of Certain Granites In the Klamath "Moun
tains," O. Hi- Hershey, Berkeley.
To Receive Friends.
OAKLAND. E>ec. 20.— Mr. and Mrs. S.
Goldsmith will receive on Sunday, De
cember 30, from 2 until 5 p. m. at their
residence, 372 Sixth street.
Welsh Competitive Meetings.
The San Francisco and Oakland Welsh
Sunday schools will hold their annual
competitive meeting on New Year's day
at Pythian. Castle, 909 Market street, the
first meeting at 3 o'clock in the afternoon,
the evening meeting at 7 o'clock.
CHBISTMAS SERVICES
IN CHRIST CHURCH
Twenty-Five Pupils of the Sunday-
School Taks Part in
Festival.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 29.— The Christmas
services to-morrow at Christ Church will
begin with a music festival in which Guy
Medcraft and Warner Sherwood will take
the' solo parts. M. R. Lawrence of San
Francisco will render the -offertory an
them. "Holy Night/' "The Visit of the
"Wise Men" will be the subject of the ad
dress of Rev. J. T. Tracey, the rector.
The children's manger service, when the
children of the Sunday school will dis
tribute presents to the poor, will be held
In the evening.
The Sunday, school pupils held their
Christmas festival this evening in Guild
Hall. "The Charmed Garden" was the
name of a cantata which was rendered by
twenty-five children. Miss. Frances
Amann was the queen and the fairies ot
her court were Dorothy Tisdale, Ethel
Conner, Marie de Witt and Roberta Has
iett.
LUKENS' COMMITTEE
MEETS AND ORGANIZES
James M. Haven Is Sleeted Chair
man and A. F. Leach Secretary.
Only One Absentee. v
OAKLAND, Dec. 29.— The committee of
twenty-one named by State Senator-elect
G. R. Lukens organized for the municipal
campaign to-night by electing James M.
Haven as chairman and A. P. Leach
secretary.
The committee met at the Board of
Trade rooms in executive session. At the
conclusion of the meeting Senator Lukens
said that twenty of the members were
present,, the absentee being C. W. Kel
logg, and that the discussion was gen
eral, covering the political situation. At
the close of the canvass of the existing
conditions it was voted to constitute a
committee of ways and means to formu
late a plan of action and to report to the
committee of twenty-one at its next meet
ing, a week from to-night at the same
place, unless the chairman shall ' call a
meeting earlier.
Chairman Haven appointed the follow
ing committee: Dr. J. L. Mayon, Fourth
ward; Bartholomew Noyes. Fifth Ward;
M. J. Keller. Seventh Ward.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 29.— While raising a
heavy casting over a fast-flying wheel at
the Oakland Iron Works this afternoon
Harry C. Gale of this city was drawn in
to the belting by a dangling rope, sustain
ing a terrible Injury to the right arm.
That member was horribly lacerated, the
flesh hanging in shreds, and the bones
of the upper and lower arm broken In two
places.
. At the time of the accident Gale waa
assisting with a gang of workmen to
raise the massive casting high enough to
clear an electric motor, over which it
was to be stored. The men did not notice
the loose rope hanging from above. Sud
denly it caught in the belting running
over the shaft, "Gale's arm became en
tangled and. owing to the rapid motion,
he could not free himself. In a moment
his arm went whirling around with the
shafr, twisting it and crushing It Into a
shapeless mass.
Throughout the tortuous ordeal Gale did
not cry out or lose his presence of mind.
He called to his fellow workmen to re
verse the engine, but before they could
execute the order the belting slipped from
the wheel and freed the mangled arm.
The injured man waa taken to the home
of one of the workmen near by, where his
injuries were attended to by a physician.
Later he was removed to his home at 1313
Broadway, Alameda.
John Gale Goes Through an
Ordeal at ths Oakland
Iron Works.
ardson. James P. Taylor, William Gorrill,
Oscar Cushing and Osgood Putnam.
WHIRLED ABOUT
IN THE BELTING
Miss Ethel Moore is in charge of tha
committee on entertainment and recep
tion. She will be assisted by a large
staff of ladies.
Oakland Office San Francisco -Call.
111S Broadway. Dec 29.
Roy C. Fernald, the 10-year-old son of
Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Fernald of 266 Elev
enth street, had a narrow escape from
death by drowning in Lake Merritt this
afternoon. The lad was rescued in the
nick of time by Thomas H. Dunakin, a
contractor, living at S20 Nlcoll avenue,
who was riding by on his bicycle, and. ran.
to the boy's help. ;, ¦¦;¦¦¦-
The Fernald boy and several others
were playing together on the Twelfth
street dam when young Roy lost his bal
ance and fell headlong into the deep wa
ter near the dam. Neither he nor any of
his playmates could 3wlm and they ran
helplessly about while the lad struggled
in the lake. Dunakin heard their cries
and rushed to the spot. Young Kernald
had already given up and gone under the
surface, but his rescuer dived after him
and brought him to the surface. Medical
help was summoned and after some time
the boy was resuscitated and taken to his
home, where his parents were overjoyed
at his escape from his. perilous adven
ture.
Dunakin had meantime gone home for
change of clothing without learning the
name of the boy for whom he had risked
his life., -
Contractor Dunakin Dives
Under Cold Waters of
Lake Merritt.
MAKES GALLANT
RESCUE OF BOY
lowing executive committee: B. H. Pen
dleton, P. E. Bowles, James P. Taylor,
Dr. Susan J. Fenton, Charles S. G:een
and Katherine Felton. .
The committee on legislation is corn
nosed of the following named; J. B. Rich-
act. So long as the Grand Jury Is a. branch of
the court and Is called upon to discharge Us
duties It should be protected. If a Grand Jury
acts honestly it should be protected— should not
be vilified. On the other hand, if the Grand
Jury acts . corruptly It certainly should be
brought to Justice.
Now. gentlemen of the Jury, it may be that
you, as members of the Grand Jury. In the
discharge of your duty, .will have to act in
such a way th?.t it will bring down upon your
heads condemnation by the public press, con
demnation by persons who may act honestly
or who may act corruptly— I mean Individual
persons— but gentlemen of the Jury. I take it
that each and all of you have character enough
and determination enough as public officers of
this county to act without resard to feaV or
favor, end to do your duty as officers of the
county, and to take the responsibilities what
ever they may be. I charge you, therefore,
that you are not under any circumstances to be
Intimidated by the possibilities of' what may
come to you in the future. Do your duty as
men; do your duty in 6uch a. way that you
shall be satisfied, your conscience shall be sat
isfied, of course, always obeying: the law as
your intelligence gives you to understand it.
Do your duty, gentlemen, without fear or favor
I think in the end if you do that, whatever
may come, you will deserve and receive proper
consideration from those whom you are brought
I would suggest, gentlemen of the Jury, in
view of the fact that these charges against the
late Grand Jury were eo publicly made and
definitely iriade, that It would be well for you
to indicate to the District Attorney a certain
day, some day during your service, on which
you will be ready to receive any proper evi
dence touching the matters thus publicly
charged: so that the District Attorney may
give notice that anybody who knows any. fact
or circumstance tending to show that any per
son or persons interfered with the action of
the Grand Jury or did anything to cause the
Grand Jury to act Improperly In that matter
or In any matter. Designate a day when you
will hear, testimony upon that subject. You
would be entitled, notwithstanding the provl
slons. of the statute, which throw around the
Grana Jury protection, you would be entitled
to call before you each and every member of
the late Grand Jury and interrogate them as
to whether any person or persons, either col
lectively or individually, approached them with
reference to any matters pending before them.
You may Interrogate . each member of the
Grand Jury as to whether anybody, high or low,
rich or poor, approached them upon any sub
ject outside of the Jury room, approached them
upon any subject pending before them; you may
Interrogate them as closely as the circum
stances of the case demand— give them a thor
ough examination.
Now. gentlemen of the Jury, one thing further
In this connection: If you Mart in upon an In
vestigation of this matter, as In all other mat
ters under the Instructions given you by the
court, you should receive none but the best
evidence. ,You are not to receive hearsay evi
dence. If a man know a thing let him tell It
to you. but receive no man's speculation. Go
after the facts and take what he knows of his
own knowledge, not hearsay. Nevertheless, gen
tlemen, if you know or have reason to believe
that any man that may come before you or
any other man knows any fact. In connection
with any charge pending before you, you
should order him to be brought ' in. But the
testimony that you take, let It be such testi
mony' as the law permits and none other.
The members of the new jury are:*/
Henry Melninger, Mount Eden; Columbus R.'
I-iewisi. 1453 Brush fctrest: John Vasey, Berkeley;
John Barnett. 814 Union street; George S. Nal
smlth, 940 Thirty-sixth street, Serlno Dlavlll,
Pleasanton; 'William Henry Tyson, Xlles; Abel
Thornton, Alameda; Joseph C. Messer. Ala
meda: Paul Lohse, 1385 Webster street: Manuel
S. SUva. San Leandro; S. F. Morrlll, Oakland
Township; John P. Maxwell. 474 Twenty-sixth
street; Charles J. Johnson, 709 Jackson street;
G. G. Durrell, Borkeley; Seymour Johnson.
Berkeley; Charles G. Wall. 307 East Twenty
third street: T. P. Cary. San Leandro; Jeffer
eon Gillam. 1630 Thirteenth avenue.
C. R. Lewis was appointed by Judge
Greene as foreman of the Jury.
"LIQUOR-DEALERS' OASES
LIKELY TO BE DROPPED
Ead of the Long Fight, to Compel
Berkeley Saloon-Keepers to
Pay Fines.
OAKLAND, Dec. 29.— Unless some un
expected developments take place in the
Berkeley liquor dealers' cases the matter
will be dismissed by Judge Greene next
Monday.
The cases have been attended with bit
ter contentions since the arrest of the
eleven saloon men and their conviction
and sentence by Justice Edgar of Berke
ley. They were fined $250 each, "and at
once appealed the cases to the Superior
Court. Meanwhile the saloon element be
gan a campaign for . the repeal of the
prohibitory • ordinance under which the
convictions were secured.
The temperance ' people did everything
in their power to prevent repeal, but final
ly the saloon men gained -enough votes
in the Town Board : to Insure their ' suc
cess before the cases were set for hear
ing before Judge Greene. During the pub
lication of the ordinance in the local pa
per, which was strongly anti-saloon in
sentiment, a mistake occurred in the com
posing-room ' which delayed the passage
of. the ordinance until after the date of
the hearing in the Superior- Court. The
liquor dealers, however, secured a contin
uance on the plea of 'Attorney Chapman'3
inability to ' appear ; in , court. The ordi
nance was passed, and when the case was
qalled to-day a communication was read
from' Town Attorney. Hayne of Berkeley,
giving it as his opinion that ¦ there was
nothing .for... the court -to: do but to dis
miss ! the cases. Judge Greene announced
that he would , take the matter , under ad
visement until Monday.
the showing that the documents were not
sufficient in themselves to make a case.
There the matter rested until to-day,
when Judge Greene brought it before the
new Grand Jury in such a way that it
will again be a subject of investigation by
the Inquisitorial body of Alameda County.
His Honor refers In his charge to the
right of the jury to free access to all pub
lic offices and records of the county, and
adds:
Some misunderstanding seems to have arisen
heretofore and posribly now exists as to what
constitutes a public record. There is no pro
vision or our statute that I am aware of which
defines what constitutes a public record: but
the law in that regard Is not uncertain. The
American and English Encyclopedia of Lev.
d*:a!s with that subject, and its language is
clear and explicit, and to that I will call your
attention:
"Public officers ere largely authorized by
etatute to keep certain record*, but. If a mem
crlal or book be kept, which Is a necessary or
even a convenient and appropriate mode of dis
charging the duties of the office. It becomes a
public document or record."
At much length Judge Greene defines
the law to the Grand Jury upon the sub
ject of what constitutes a public record,
and concludes, reading from a textbook,
on that subject:
To entitle a book to the character of an of
ficial register it is not necessary that it be re-
Quired bj* sn express statute to be kept, nor
that the nature of the office should render the
book Indispensable. It is sufficient that It be
directed by the proper authority to be kept,
and that it be kept according to such direc
tions.
The law of this £fate therefore, gentlemen
of tbe Jury, upon this fubject has been settled
practically since 1S56.
Then Judge Greene proceeded to say:
The last Grand Jury of this county, gentle
men of the Jury, found an Indictment against
the County Assessor of this county; also an
accusation against him fcr willful and corrupt
misconduct in office. The action of that Grand
Jury in finding that Indictment and in finding
that accusation was criticized through the pub
lic prints, by public Journals in this city and
in our neighboring city of Alameda. If I recol
lect aright. It was declared, as I recall it,
that the action of the Grand Jury was corrupt,
in that It was charged that It had been
brought about by the friends of Victor H. Met
calf. who was then a candidate for re-election
to Congress. This charge wa» made and reit
erated, as I recall It. several times through dif
ferent publications here In the county.
A public meeting: was also called, as I recall
It, to denounce the action of the Grand Jury In
that regard, wherein they found an indictment
against the Count;- Assessor and an accusation.
The charge was made, as I remember posi
tively, that the action of the Grand Jury was
broucht about by friend* of Victor H. Met
calf. Gentlemen of the Jury. I call your at
tention to this matter because it "was an at
tack upon the Grand Jury, and this Grand
Jury *o fax as It lies within Its power should
investigate that question, and If found to be true
if there Is a means of punishing the members
of the Grand Jury they should be brought to
Justice. Again, if any persons were Instru
mental with the Grand Jury in corruptly bring
ing about the finding of an Indictment against
the County Assessor or an accusation against
the County Assessor those persons should be
brourht to Justice.
I call these matters to your attention, gentle
men, because they are matters of public noto
riety, and If true this Grand Jury should take
euch action as the. law provides for bringing
any parties who acted guiltily to Justice. On
the other hand. If there was nothing In those
charges. If those charges emanated from and
were brought about for political purposes the
people of this county are entitled to know It.
Gentlemen, the Grand Jury of this county
and the Grand Jury properly impaneled of
every other county is an Important adjunct of
th* Judicial branch of the government. It has
been to considered almost from time immemo
rial. The people of thia Stats have determined
that It as an institution shall live and It shall
SEEKS THE ARREST Or
CITY ATT0BNEY DOW
Labor Agent Mullen Would Test
Eight Soar Law by a Crimi
nal Prosecution.
OAKLAND, Dec. 29— J. H. Mullen/busi
ness agent of the Building Trades Coun
cil, and City Attorney Dow ba/1 a wordy
war on the City Hall steps this morning,
the controversy arising from the fight
that Is on about the failure of the Board
of Public Works to enforce the eight-hour
law against city contractors.. Mullen
asked Dow If he would submit td arrest
on a charge of misdemeanor, as presi
dent of the board, for failing to have an
eight-hour clause inserted in tbe con
tract of John Worthlngton for replanking
the dty wharf. Dow said the mandamus
proceedings heretofore proposed were suf
ficient to Insure a test of the law. He
objected to the bringing of criminal
charges and claimed this move was politi
cal In Its nature, a statement Mullen de
nied. Agent Mullen declares that counsel
for the Building Trades asserts that the
law makes it a misdemeanor for failure
to include the eight-hour clause in . any
contract made by State, city or smaller
political divisions. . It is to reach a judi
cial determination of this question that
mandamus proceedings to compel the
Auditor to draw a warrant in Worthing
ton's f avof were decided upon at a con
ference yesterday. The threatened arre3t
of the City Attorney Is based upon tho
theory that he drew the contract now in
dispute.
OAKLAND. Dec. 29— The Grand
Jury, irr-paneled to-day, has been
directed by Superior Judge Wil
liam E. Greene to Investigate the
charges which were made by
Fiipportors of Henry P. Dalton that the
lncicunent of the County Assessor by the
preceding: Grand Jury was the result of
corrupt use of that Grand Jury by sup
porters 01 Congressman Victor H. Met
calf. In an exhaustive review to the
Grand Jury of the events of last summer
leading up to the Dalton indictment Judge
Greone declares that the circumstances of
the charges were of such public notoriety
that he has called them to the attention
of the body now officially organized. His
Honor said the charges were an attack
upon the Grand Jury, and th«.t because
It was aa attack the present Grand Jury
should make the Investigation. On the
01 her hand Judge Greene declares that if
the charges are unfounded and were
made for political effect the Grand Jury
¦which indicted Dalton should be exoner
ated and the people of the county given
that fact. If It exist.
Judge Greene's charge reopens* the en
tire subject of the Dalton accusations,
which were based upen an alleged de
struction of public records in the office
of the County Assessor, namely, memor
anda used in the making of personal prop
erty assessment rolls. It was charged
in the indictment that the Assessor had
drstroved books containing the per
sonal property roll of the city of Oakland
and used in the compiling of the final
roll turned over to the Supervisors. It was
tlso charged that the Assessor had
omitted from the final roll assessments
v/'iicn were contained in the books al
lied to have been destroyed. The ac
cusation followed the same line?. Both
wore handed down on June 7 last.
Km soon as the Grand Jury's action was
rrade public there was a groat stir In
political circles. Dalton had opened a
csni!iai"Ti in opposition to Congressman
MetcalC for the nomination for Congress
for the Third District. The supporters of
Palton immediately started the cry that
t!i<? indictment and accusation were pro
moted by political enemies, and that the
nineteen members of the Grand Jury had
bren used to bring discredit upon-the As^
F*>ssor. The grand jurors who were thus
attacked came to the front with hot de
rials, dttclarins they had acted as they
iKlieved -the evidence before them war
ranted. It had befn known among the
tioiiticiar.s that Dalton's office was under
3r.vcsti?ation, but none was prepared for
the explosion the filing of the indictments
caused.
Araor.fr those who were assailed because
€>' the Grand Jury's indictments was
Jurtcre Greene himself, who had been
rmUed into the Grand Jury room durinpr
the invent ipat ion for consultation upon
the law bearing on the case.
When the case finally reached court,
f-'up«rior Judge Hall sustained a demur
rer to the indictment and accusation upon
HASTINGS H. HART. HE IS NATIONAL SECRETARY OP THE NA
TIONAL CONFERENCE OF CHARITIES AND CORRECTIONS, AND
WILL GIVE HIS VIEWS AT THE CONVENTION IN OAKLAND.
THE ASSESSOR WHOSE INDICTMENT BY THE LAST GRAND JURY OF ALAMEDA COUNTY RESULTED IN AC
CUSATION'S OF CORRUPTION AGAINST THE INQUISITORS. AND THE JUDGE WHO HAS DIRECTED A
NEW INVESTIGATION INTO THE SCANDAL.
- . - • .- ' ¦¦>•¦:
Secretarg of the National Conference Will Deliver Principal Ad
dress at the Convention to Be Held in Oakland Next Month.
OAKLAND, Dec 29.— Many distin
guished delegates will attend ths
first annual meeting of the Cali
fornia State Conference of Chari
ties and Corrections.
The session will convene on January 4
at the First Congregational Church and
the "meetings will continue for four days-.
The principal address will be delivered
by Hastings H. Hart, secretary of the
National Conference of Charities and Cor
rections, of which the California confer
ence is a branch. Mr. Hart is superin
tendent of the Illinois State Children's
Home and one of the foremost reformers
in prison and institutional legislation. He
comes 'to Oakland especially to address
the California organization at this con
ference.
Other speakers will be Professor Mary
Smith of Stanford, A. E. Osborn, super
intendent of the Glen Ellen Home; Miss
Katherine Felton, President Fitzgerald of
the State Prison Board, Miss Jessica Peix
otto. Charles A. Murdock and the
Rev C. R. Brown. The Hon. Horace
Davis will preside. '
The scope of the Conference of Chari
ties and Corrections includes only such
•institutions as receive support from the
State The preamble to the society s pro
posed constitution expresses its object so
as "to afford an opportunity for those en
gaged in charitable and reform work to
confer respecting their, methods, princi
ples of administration, and results accom
plished; to-Uiffuse reliable information re
specting charitable and correctional work,
and encourage co-operation in humani
tarian efforts with the aim of further im
proving the system of charity and cor
rection in the State of California.'
The specific aim at present before the
conference is the passage of a law con
stituting a State Board of Charities and
Corrections. The bill was introduced at
the last session of the Legislature and
passed both houses, but did not receive
the Governor's signature. An attempt
will be made to have it enacted at the
coming session. The board as outlined in
the bill is composed of six members, no
more than three to be of the same polit
ical party. The term of office is six years,
two members being appointed every sec
ond year.
B. H. Pendleton, chairman of the execu
tive committee of the conference, said
with regard to the importance of the
legislation asked for:
"Under the present administration of
public eleemosynary institutions, a com
paratively haphazard method of appropria
tion and administration prevails, which is
often disastrous to the institution's use
fulness. "We hope to see this condition
of affairs speedily corrected.
This and kindred topics will be pre
sented for discussion at the conference
by fully qualified speakers.
The arrangements for the meeting of
the conference are in charge of the fol-
READY FOR THEIR
SILVER JUBILEE
Hebrews of First Congrega
tion Have an Elaborate
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Dec! 29.
The members of the First Hebrew Con
gregation have made extraordinary prep
arations for the celebration of the twen
ty-fifth anniversary of their organization,
which will take place to-morrow after
noon at 2 o'clock at the synagogue, north
west corner of Twelfth and Castro
streets.
In this silver, jubilee celebration prom
inent Jewish rabbis of Oakland and San
Francisco will .. have a part. From San
Francisco will come Rabbis M. S. Levy,
formerly of Oakland: Isidore Meyers, Ja
cob Nieto, William II. Greenburg and Ja
cob Voorsamrer. Rabbi M. Friedlander
01 the First Congregation will tell the
story of the synagogue's foundation and
its work for a quarter of a century among
the Jewish people of this city.
Dr. Voorsanger will preach the sermon.
The greeting from sister congregations
will be delivered by Rabbi Nieto.
"The Religion of the Future" will be the
subject of an address by Rabbi Levy
There will also be an address on "The
Need of the Hour" bv Rabbi Greenburg.
The music will be rendered by a large
choir with organ and orchestral accom
paniment.
The programme of exercises is as fol
lows: 1
"March of the Priests" ("Athalle") (Mendels
sohn), organ and orchestra: greeting, "Psalm
cxvili" (Mombach), choir, organ and orches
tra; invocation. Rabbi Isidore Meyers: "cello
solo, andante (Beck), James Coleman: "Mlncha
Service," ritual. E. Bernstein; "Psalm . xlii
(Spohr), choir and organ; "Greeting from Sis
ter Congregations," Rabbi Jacob Nieto: "Hal
lelujah" (Handel), choir and organ; "The His
tory of Twenty-five years," Rabbi M. ..Fried
lander; "AJroa Virgo" (Hummel), choir, organ
and orchestra; soprano solo. Miss Mary Ches
ter Williams; "The Religion of the Future,"
Rabbi M.S. Levy; aria, ."O Rest in the Lord"
(Mendelssohn). Miss Gretchen Bernett: "Th»
Need of tha Hour." Rabbi William H. Green
burg; bass eolo, "Israfel" (King), Clement
Rowlands; the sermon. Rabbi Jacob Voorsan-I
ger; "We Praise,' Thee" (Rossini), choir, organ
and orchestra; in memortam. Rabbi M. Fried
lander- "Man's Days" (Lowandowski), choir,
organ and orchestra; closing prayer. Rabbi M.
8 Levy; "Adon Olom" (Sulzer),- choir, organ
and orchestra: benediction. Rabbi M. Friedlan
der; organ postlude.f "Scherzo;'. (Georgea Mac
master). _ :
ALAMEDA. Dec. 29.— The frightful
death by burning which overtook four
year-old Ethel Lambert last jiight was
the result of the child's fondness for flre.
On former occasions she was only saved
from death by the intervention of rela
tives. In spite of the precautions taken
yesterday to keep her out of the neigh
bor's house where there was a Christmas
tree she gained an entrance in some un
known way, played with the tire and lost
her life. .
Little Ethel's mother was ill at her
home, 412 Taylor avtnue, when the acci
dent occurred. She was being attended
by Mrs. J. A. Branson of 422 Taylor ave
nue, who also has a. four-year-old child
named Percy. Whnn Mrs. Bronson left
her home, about 4 o'clock, to call upon
Mrs. Lambert she left her son and the
baby Kthel playing in front of her ot*u
home. Before she left she look precau
tions to keep tho children out of the
house. -
During Mrs. Bronson's absence the tots
got into the rear yard in some incon
ceivable way. They went into the" house
through the kitchen door, which Mrs.
Bronson had left unlocked. The children
made their way into the front parlor to
find the Christmas tree. ¦• It had only one
candle on it. This they secured by getting
upon a chair. They took matches from
the kitchen, lighted the candle and had
a good time. The remains of a Christmas
tree apple which they were roasting with
the candle is mute evidence of the joy
that preceded the tragedy.
Just how Ethel's clothes caught flre is
rot known. In her u:oments of agony she
blamed it upon her companion. He says,
that she set herself on fire. But the ex
planations of the infants cannot be relied
upon. I
When Percy saw Ethel all aflame he
gave the alarm and Elmer Lambert, the
eight-year-old brother of the baby girl,
ran to her rescue. He took off his coat
to wrap around the child to smother the
burning clothing. *.flien he dashed water
upon her.
When the father of the child, who was
home with, his sick wife, was summoned
to the scene he beheld his child standing
and clutching a windowsill, with every
vestige of clothing burned off her! body,
which was covered with burns from head
to foot. He put her into a bed .and sum
moned Dr. Jacob Green. Later she was
taken to the Alameda Sanatorium, where
she died at midnight.
The parents of the dead child say that
it was almost impossible to keep matches
out of her reach. She delighted in being
around a fire and struck matches when
ever she could get hold of them. A short
time since she started, a blaze In her
father's workshop, nearly setting herself
and the building on fire. Once before
there was another such narrow escape.
The Coroner held an Inquest over the
remains of the child to-day. The verdict
was accidental death.
Four- Year-Old Ethel Lambert Meets
Frightful End by' Burning,
Through Her Clothing
Catching^.
Candle Prom a Christmas
Tree Was the Agent
.of Death.
PLAY WITH FIRE
COSTS BABE'S LIFE
IN THE CAUSE OF CHARITY
DELEGATES WILL ASSEMBLE
Alameda News of the Bay Cities OAKLAND News of the Bay Cities Berkeley
THK-^AJS; 1< txAJNCloOO CALL, JSUONDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1900.
Judge Greene Directs Grand Jurg to Probe Corruption Charge
Made bu Assessor's Friends Against Late Inquisitorial Bodg.
DALTON CAMPAIGN SCANDAL
TO BE AGAIN INVESTIGATED
25
White enamel bedsteads. Low price at : H.
Schellhaas', corner, 11th and Franklin' eta. •
for years the cry has gone np from hundreds aad
thousands of men, young and old. for a remedy that
would rid them of the terrible result ot et« ',r follies
or excesses, or of the overwork and worry that sap
the physical TlUUty. .
The medical profession of this country teemed
powerless to cope with the appalling and disastrous
diseases and annorlnc; weaknesses of men resulting
from violation of Nature's laws.
PROF. LABOROE'8 WONOERFOL DI800VERY.
It remained for the eminent Trench authority.
Prof. Jules Laborde, to conduct scientiflo inquiry
Into the cause and cure of Lost Vitality. Sexual
Weakness, Spermatorrhoea, Epilepsy. Impotency,
Small Parti, and the world today acknowledge* the
supremacy of the wonderful remedy "t'ALTHHS."
r The Von Mohl Ccmpany, of Cincinnati. Ohio,
reeosrnUlnsT tbe commercial Talne of Prof. Laborde'a
discovery, secured .the • sole American rights for
"CAaVTHOfV and through its agency taonsands
Of men who suffered from sexual diseases and en-
feebling nerrout maladtei have been . restored to
health and the Yirile powers of perfect manhood.
THE VON MOHL CO'S. REMARKABLE OFFER.
.We are now authorised, by The Von Mohl Cob.
Pany, to announce that every man who sends simply
his name and address will be supplied abaolutrlr
iVej; by sealed mull, with flve-days full treatment
of "CALTHOB." This is no O. O. D. or Depoait
Scheme, ] and | there Is posi 11 vely no condition at-
tached to the oflbr, You need not gitw humiliating
ditaila regardlnc yoar trouble. . You need not tend
ens cent of money— net even a postage stamp. All
TfceVon M6W O>./630B,>£es
The Von Mohl Company desires Is that you gi-r* tin
retnedr a fair and thorough trial, and they are wlii-
ing to stand all the eipenne connected wlta the trial
to prove the faith in its merit*.
POWER OF "CALTHOS" PROVED.
The first Any yon take the treatment you will be
benefited. The second dar you will feel an improve,
ment. The third dar you will note aa Incraue of
strensth. The fourth day will show a gain both
mentally and physically. Ths fifth day yon will
feel like a new man. If you suffer from any form
of Nerrous Decline and Sexual Weakness. Sperm a-
torrhcea. Varicocele, Impotrncy, Small Parts. Night
Sweats, Palpitation of the Heart. 5erronsness, Con-
fasion of Idea*, and Loss of Memory, yon can po«i-
lively be cured by "CAITUO*," bat If tha dlsca**
has pmcreMed to the stage marked by the symptom*
of Epilepsy, Consumption or Insanity, we cannot
promise complete recovery.
PROMPT ACT! ON IMPORTANT.
Al yea ralne your health, roar happiness, ymr
Terr life, do not «t«laiy brclnnlnf Irraimenl.
The Von Mobl Company ha* thousand* of testimo-
nial* on file from persons who have taken tha treat-
Of at, showlnt; Its marreloas rtstoratira power.
The Company does not publish testimonial*, and
your correspondence is sacredly confidential.
Many who take only the fiTe-days free treatocai
write that they are entirely cared.
- For the sake ot jour family aad friends, as *vcfl
as for your own best interests, write to The Voq
Mobl Company for the free treatment by maO, ta
plain sealed package, at once.
t Importers of Standard /"• t _ -J _ _ rt 4.1 g\
tlons to the, United States. LlUCliUlEXii 0*
0 CO. D. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
FuSI 0 Day* Treatment
ABSOLUTELY FREE
By Sealed Mall.
m BY
You Can Bo Cured of
NERVOUS DEBILITY
and LOST MANHOOD
9 •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I If a man .would live In absolute peace
he should be blind, deaf and dumb.
-*- VA - — -*- -' ,.""- J-"? r -¦* - - ¦- ~ ' ¦*• '-
- . '* ~T ¦
s^sissWffflis^HSSLa^HiBsSBHi^LssranswBsiBe^sissssisssssssssHcaKr 3 ; -:.- -• ¦-.,
A
,? 715 Vfcrket Bt. f.P. I BhAttuok AT,P«rkeley'
/ °;h 6 w M -k-n,Q»k C«ual Are, Alameda.
f 7th *FfM."* I" 8.UtSt. Saa Jose. ' !
A - 91? WVSllaCrto* Street, Oakland.
T I '
f Granulated Sugar i
4 gS&S^*" 7 - i81bs$i#
{Madja Coffee f
i H^ pound pic* x 5 cj
4 Sugar Com )
t ffiy2^D«K«u 3 cans 2 5 ci
Pop Cora r
J oSSS£« w ,o J d6 1bs25c< 1
Malt Wiiiskey (
T Cbemfea&T XWW. DiatiHed and 0 - J
a bettlijW (took «ad Bern- 05C .
W heixner, ~S. 1 . Bee- 91- B5. I
Lohengrin's Bitters f
k rwBo« cf fell k n tf1<» ficr
6tcm»ehW»er8. DOII1C O5C
I la porcelain bottles. Btg-. fl.GO
iSt. Lawrence Sweet Wines
f ££!£%. tm£ allon 6oc
A Very old. rldi and t rclty.
jGuckenheimer Rye
i !& Whiskey bottle 75c
i Eclipse Champagne
¥ Kftta»l£em«itedqU art 65c
w l£%r? M3Xl '»* B * dozen £7.50
. Champagnes
W\ AH*r«aC«. pints \ $!.$>>
J qua-rts $2.55
DI1COVKBEK OF "CALTUOS." |Principles for Public Life.
;Ypur. name in gold letters or metal In*
ltlal "free of. charge on all fine pocket
books, ¦' letter and card ' cases,.; memoran
dum and bill btiok(=. diaries, cameras and
traveling 'sets- Sanborn. ¦ Vail &Co., 741
iiATket St. '•:
Your Name ~ in' Gold.
"If you please, sir, here's the messenger
boy," fald my maid with a emlle the other
afternoon as she ushered into my room
a neatly dressed and not ill-looking young
girl, says a writer in the I»n(ion Klnc
At first I thought there must be some
mistake, but her ladyship soon disabused
me of that notion, and with a good deal
of self-posaesslon. . but no trace of '" for
wardness, informed me that she was dis
charging mepnenger boy's duty. She. took
my telegram and the money therefor with,
the customary "tuppence for the met
sag-e. please." and I. have -no doubt ac
quitted herself of the not very onerous
task of bearing it to the postofflce as
featly as the human boy would have done.
But the next time I passed the office I
made inquiries, and was told that it was
only in a few ¦ of the West End .\ officer
that the experiment of ' using young girls
instead of boys wan being tried, and that
even in these districts they were only
used when the duty-was a fitting one for
a girl to undertake. The fact is. the clerk
in charge assured me. the company finds
it impossible to get a sufficient supply of
boys.They have lately been enforced to
employ men at sixpence an hour at some
of- the city offices, and when the Gov
ernment royalty is taken Into account this
docs not leave much of a profit .for ;the
company. I hear the cable companies
are also at their wits' end to find messen
ger boys. : '. •: . • :
to Make an . Innovation.
London Telegraph Companies Forced
GIRLS AS MESSENGKR8.
Th# w#>d<!injr of Euiren* Murphy *md
Miss Kat* Riley was celebrated on Sun
day. December 23, by the Rev. Father
Demp*ey. at St. Mary'» Cathedral on Van
Wedding Bells.
Mrs. B. Baum announce* the engage
ment of her daughter, Haldee. to Max
Lowemhal. They will receive Sunday
afternoon. January 20, at 1354 Ellis street.
"I he engagement Is announced of Mis»
Ethel Llehtig to Herman Wiener. They
will receive Sunday. January 6. from 2 to
5 o'clock p. m. at 1256 Howard street.
A dinner was given on Sunday evening
at the residence of Mrs. E. Hefner. S2S
Post street, at which the engagement of
h»r n!ee». Miss Belle H*»n=her of Cincin
nati. Ohio, to A. Greenfield, a prominent
m« rchant of Pinole, was announced. The
drawing-room and dining-room were pvn
fuseJv decorated In holly berries and
huckleberry red w»<« the prevailing color.
The evening was spent in singing and
dancing. Th* wedding will take place In
the n*»ar future.
The engagement i* announced of Miss
Pauline Brown of San Francisco, former,
'.v of MarysvMe. and Isadora Smith of
S"an Francisco.
tie Peters and I. J. Klarnet will be held
on January ], 1P01. from 2 to 5 o'clock p.
m. at 1142 Golden Gate avenue.
A pleasant surprise party was given to
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Greenberg at their
residenc- Christmas night. The rooms
and tables were elaborately decorated
with hollyberrles and evergreens. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. H.
Greenberg, Miss Sadie Greenberg, Master
J. Greenberg, Dr. and Mrs. McKay, Mr.
and Mrs. P. Leffctivitz, Miss Bettie I^ef
kovitz. Mr. and Mrs. J, Heiman, Miss
Miriam Heiman, Mr. and Mrs. A. Mam
lock. Misses Bettie and Emma Mamlock,
Miss Ruth Solomon, Mr. and Mrs. I. Rice,
MUe es • Annie and Sadie Rice. Mr. and
Mrs. S. Popper. Mr. and Mrs. M. Wein
berp. Misses Ida and Millie Welnberg, Mr.
and Mrs. H. Ratner, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Korn field. Mr. and Mrs. H. Bloom, Miss
Esther Bloom, Master Joe Bloom. Miss
Ray Goldstone, Mr. and Mrs. Riga, Mi-»s
Nettle Rifra, Master I. Riga. Mrs. t>.
Hahn, Miss Selma Hahn.Mr. and Mrs. P.
Hlebenthal. Miss Margaret and Georgl
anna O'Brien, G. Savage, Miss Mamie
Savage, Joseph Greenberg. C. Bloomberg,
M. Abel. Master Georg« Hlebenthal, Mar
tin Hahn, William Hahn and Samuel Hei
men.
A pleasant masquerade party was flven
by Mrs. F. Pfaff at her residence, 1620
Turk street, on Saturday evening last.
Dancing was Indulged In ¦. till midnight,
when all adjourned to the dining-room,
where was served. AftT supper
a one-act farce entitled, "A Bunch of
Xonsense." was presented by the follow
Ing cast: Dr. Give M. Payne (a doctor
with patients). William A. Bacon; HI
Price (the dishonest plumber). Henry F.
Pfaff; Fritx Pretzels (the honest grocer).
Charles P. Eager; KhiskE. Boozer (a
man with spirits), Walter G. Mueh; Will
I. Ketchum (an : arm . of the law without
an arm). Martin J. Bacon. •
The following guests were present: Miss
Violet Norvall. Miss Lena Diehl, Missen
Charlotte and Rose Lundblade. Miss Edith
Allen. Miss Anna. Silver. Miss May Rich
ards, Misses Ada and Vlrgina Cociiey, Mr
and Mrs. i. F, Pfaff, Mrs. F. ££&& £ir.
Mfs% Arrietta Nowbf-rt Knve a very
pleasant reception to her fellow graduates
at the home of her uncle, John IX Prior,
9W Guerrero Mreet. last Friday night,
The whole of the elejrant home, was griven
over to the young people, and everybody
voted the affair one of the most enjoyable
ever h^ld In the Mission. Those present
at the patherlntr wrr«»: Miss Adele Lew,
Miss Molll*> Dill. Miss Edith Eager. Miss
Fannie Crown. Miss Claire Lynch, Miss
Lillian Fitzhenry. Miss Mattie Newbert,
Mis? Laura Otton. Miss Annie Pitto. Mi?s
Arrietta Newbort, Robert Dunphy, Stan
ley Prior. Walter Fancher. Stanley Ford,
Walter Mueh, Charley Eager, Walter
Zwipg, Charles' Harold. Walter Newbert.
Ern^t Kleversahl, Edwin Gage and
Churchill Prior.
Home Gatherings.
ating. Only the relatives and very inti
mate friends of the young couple were
present. The bride was handsomely at
tired in a.wwn of white point d'esprit.
She was attended by Miss Nola E. Liver
more, who acted as maid of honor. The
wedding, in keeping with the season of
the year, wa? a Christmas one, the par
lors beinu profusely "decorated with fir
garlands and toyon berries. The young
couple stood under a bell of the beautiful
berries during the ceremony and after
ward to receive the congratulations of
their friends. After a trip through the
southern part of the State Mr. and Mrs.
Smith will return to the city and reside at
2911 California street. •'-.
MISS ALICE BEATRICE CONNELLY. WHO WAS MARRIED TO FRANK
LIN CURRIER SMITH THURSDAY AT NOON BY REV. EDGAR J.
LION OF THE EPISCOPAL CHURCH.
Ness avenue. Miss Florence Riley was
the maid of honor and Charles M. Taylor
best man. The ceremony was followed
by an elaborate reception at the home of
the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. P. W.
Riley, 1323 Pine street. Mary beautiful
and costly presents were received by the
brid« and groom. On their return from
their wedding trip Mr. and Mrs. Murphy
will reside in their new home, which is
the gift of the groom's parents. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. Eugene
Murphy. Mr. and Mrs. P. W. Riley. Mr.
and Mrs. R. Murphy, Mr. and Mrs. G. Mc-
Doug-all, Mr. and Mrs. P. Lange, Mr. and
Mrs. H. Jones, Mrs. John Mann. Mrs. Me-
Nannie. Mrs. McDermott, Misses Flor
ence Riley, Mae Riley. Anita Riley. May
Mann, Rose McLauglin, Agnes McLaug
lin. Annie Hussey, Lily Hussey, Hazel
Jones, Frances Hussey. Ethel Lange, An
nie McDermott. Messrs. Charles M. Tay
lor, Albert E. Doyle. Willie Taylor, Henry
Riley. Lennie McEvoy, Arthur Corder,
John Rilty. Eddie Besby. Daniel Murphy,
Harold Jones. G«orge McDougall, Gerald
Mann. Francis Riley, George Lange.
Warren J. Tyson and Miss Sophje Soll
berg were married on last Friday even
ing, the Rev. Father Maximilian of the
German Church officiating. The eroom.
an attache of the City and County Hospi
tal, where he is deservedly popular, was
the recipient of many handsome gifts
from those associated with him. After
the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Tyson left
for a southern trip, from which they have
Just returned.
The marriac* of Alice Beatrice Con
nelly end Franklin Currier Fmith was snl
emri'red nt the home of the bride's moth
er at high noon Thursday. December 2^.
according to the rites of the Epis<-npal
church, the Rt. Rev. Edgar J. Lion ofnei-
. i i i rrr «v«ot of the w««k will b»
the "century party" to be given
n 1 to-morrow evening by Mr. and
[I I Mrs. John H. Jewett at their
\V_i-Y horoe, W2 Bush street. All of
Nl » ' the invited guesU have been
.•/• ~ ¦. request ed to come In character
C">starr« representing In some manner a
isjt, fashion or Tajicy of the nineteenth
cestury or some anticipated £&jd, fashion
cr f£r.cy of the twentieth.
Mr«. Jewett enjoys a well-merited repu
tation for being one of the cleverest ho«
teesfcs in this city. Her entertainments
have always «nown some entirely novel
features, but the "century party" is likely
to even outshine the high standard the
la^y has established for herself.
Another delightful New Year's eve en
ten&ir.rsent will be the Entre Nous Co
pllon Club* dance at the Cliff House,
trs. Hugo Herzer. Mrs. John Luhben,
fcrt. Frederick 8. Samuels, Mrs. Charlw
\L Gilbert, Mre. Robert W. Murphy, Mrs.
Charlp* A. Malm have kindly volunteered
lh<?'.r services as chaperons for the occa
p:ots. '_¦':'¦
They're Enpaped.
•j-},» TreSdlr.c of I>r. Jacob S. Green of
Alameda to Miss Gertrude Blaloglowski of
OzV.zrA will take p'.ace Tuesday. Janu
ary I. IPfll. In Woodmen Hall. Oakland.
The engagement reception of Miss Ethyl
TTp.rhoi'1' c r to Clarence R. Stern of San
Piepo will be held New Year's day at 15U
O'Farrell street, from 2 to 5 o'clock p. m.
The vreddSac will take plare on January
6. I5K1.
Th<« engagement reception of Miss Hat-
PASO ROBLES— Among the recent ar
rivals at Paso "Robles lie: W. F. Farrar,
W. T. Scott, S. J. Rottrer. W. H. Fran
cis. B. Ross, H. Ledeior, Stanley Ponto'V
John Marquardt. Ludwig Bersr, Adolph
Klau. O. Kellogrg. C. C. Griffin and wife.
Charles Stuckert, Fred H. Siebe, Abe
Haas, C. M. Gregory, R. W. Rupe. Alva
M. Posner, J. W. Phalon, T. L. Liilis. \V.
A. Engwer. Fred Petersen, H. Kemp, C.
Pomeroy, W. B. Grav. A. M. Barnett,
George Wood. F. Kosh'.and, W. E. Floyd,
B. R. Sweeney, Mrs. Jones. Abe Hess,
J. F. Hugh, Syl Coblent*. Ell Meyer, J.
P. Morris, Mrs. Ethel Kennedy, Andv
McCarthy, X>. A. MenOenhall, Sam Price,
A. Weil," F. J. Johnson, R. G. Wallace.
James Coughlan, 1. Brownsteln. \V. J.
Sullivan. H. E. Owner, J. Jacobs. M. R.
Hall. W. H. White. iVank Greatzer. A.
H. Williams, San Francisco: J. P. Mitch
ell, Castroville; O. H. Wllloughby, Wat
sonville: J. D. McKa*-. !>>wis Griffiths.
D. A. Edwards. Dawson; H. O.' Fallon and
wife, Frank Baker anil wife. New York:
C. P. Wolly, Victoria. B. C. : J. B. Good*,
Idaho; P. Garrissere, Salinas: Thomas
Fitzgerald, Los Angeles: I* C. Roger?.
Echo. Or.; F. A. Taiuier, J. Kraus. L. c.
Black, San Jose; R. II. Davis. Oakland:
S. D. Gardenour, Walla Walla, Wash.;
W. V. Max:y. Chicago, 111.; Arthur Wad
hams and wife, P. J. Waage. Blaine,
Wash.: Miss G. H. Millinger, Portland.
Or.: Mrs. W. E. McKe«, Seattle, Wash.:
A. M. Paeterson and wife. Olequa, Wash.;
M. D. Judah. Phlladolphia. Pa.: Jam.'s
Phillips. Astoria; George Lufkin, St.
Louis, Mo.: D. T. Fowler, M. E. Jaffa.
Berkeley. Cal.: R. D. McOulddy, Sol
Pieser. Mark Levi, San Francisco. .
At the Resorts.
Mr. and Mrs. Oscar Hoffman, nee Ja
cobs, have returned from their honey
moon and are stopping at the Hotel Mont
rose, where they will be pleased to
Fee their friends. Mrs. Hoffman will be at
home on the first and third Mondays of
January and Februarv.
Mr. and Mrs. George Hague of Logans
jiort, Ind.. are In this city. They Intend H
spend the winter on this coast.
Mrs. Horace Smyth, Mr. and Mrs. I. R.
Davis Grubb and D. Hanson Grubb have
gone south to Coronado to spend the holi
days.
Mrs. T. G. Phelps cf San Carlos will
spend the months of January and Feb
ruary at the Hotel Plea^anton.
Mrs. Henry Ix>obliner of San Luis Obls
po is visiting her sister, Mrs. Bertha Con
stine, at 152S Ellis street, and wlJl be at
home the first Wednesday of each month.
Personals.
Miss Amy Steinman has returned from
her northern trip and is stopping at 14'Jl
O'Farrell street.
Thost- sailing on the steamship Zealan
dia Wednesday, December 2o, for Hono
lulu were: L. Bearwald, H. \V. Bloom,
C. J. Campbell, Dr. L. E. Cofer and wife,
Bliss H. Cofer. N. E. Cramer; Miss Dow
sett. Miss G. Dowsott. W. A. Drlscoll. P;
K. Enebo. H. T. Gilbert. J. E. HollanO.
Mrs. Grace Hudson, H. T. James. F. M.
King. Miss K. Kramer, H. T. Marsh. Mrs.
R. Mason. Miss E. Mays. H. F. Mocine.
George Pearce. Mrs.' J. H. Raymond and
child. Miss Ivy Richardson, I. Ruben
stein. Miss L. D. Smith and D. C. Wil
liams.
Sailed Away.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Joseph will receive their
friends in honor of t'he graduation of their
daughter Millie to-dr.y at their residence,
611 Gough street.
The T. C. A. K., SonR of Vermont, will
hold thrir annual reception and dance at
Odd Fellows' Hall Friday evening, Janu
ary 4. Jean Durell will give impersona
tions of the character of "a district
school." and a comic operetta will be
given by professional talent.
In the Future.
The members of the Bohemia Whist
Club were entertained at the home of
Miss Hnttie Stlogler on last Friday even
ing. The third game of the second se
ries was played, frizes were won by Jo
sepii Qiiadt and Mfss Sophie Asmus.
The Theta Sigma Kappa Society gave
its grand annual gathering at 1207
Gough street on the evening of December
22. and entertained the following gentle
men: S. Kaufman, M. .Abronson, C Har
ris, M. Samtrr. T. Ackcrmann, A. Block,
D. Rosenblatt. W. C. Eldermuller, C.
Pauson. J. Lohmulan. H. Sherick. M.
Mayers, M. Marx. H. Marks and F. Man
dell.
The reunion of the Christmas class of
'99 was held at the Girls' High School
on the afternoon of December 27. Those
present were: Miss Anderson. Miss
Beardsley. Miss Clarkson. MIps Driscoll.
Miss Gillespie, Miss Mjiurer. Miss" Pfeif
fer. Miss RHchenhach, Miss Rodney, Miss
Smith. Mips Stephenson. Miss Smitten.
Miss Young and Mrs. Eichbaum. The
class onicers— Miss Gertrude \V. Smith,
president, and Miss Lillian Clarkson, sec
retary — were unanimously re-elected.
Club Parties.
The ladies of the Informal Lunch Club
v/pre the pruests at a delightful luncheon
given by Mrs. C. J. Lancaster at her
home. 1728 Central avenue, Alameda. The
affair was distinctly a marine luncheon
in all its appointments. The dining-room
was transformed Into a ship's cabin and
the walls w*»re decorated with naval flaps
and streamers. The table presented a
novel and happy Idea with its covering
of - fishnet ' edged with burrs of the lig
num vitae. which wt-re collected by Mrs.
Lancaster while on her recent trip to the
Sandwich T?lands. Dainty spashells and
a flsh Rloho completed the table arrange
ments. Those present were: Mrs. W. GU
h«?rt. Mrs. J. Ellison. Mrs. G. Moulin.
Mrs. M. r'ase. Mrs. E. J. Crowell. Mis.
O. B. Oaldweii, Mrs. J. Hardy and Mrs.
C. J. Lancaster. ' /,¦!
The Mission band accompanied the jolly
party. Dancing was kept up until a late
hour and supper served at midnight.
On Christmas eve John J. Mogan. a
popular young business man of the Mis
sion was tendered a surprise party at his
residence on the northwest corner of
Twenty-fifth street- and San Bruno ave
nue. Mr. Mogan has been active In the
work of improvements for the Mission
district and the party was an acknowledg
ment of his past services. There were
over fifty guests present, many of whom
sent appropriate gifts to the young man
and his sister. Miss Mogan, who assisted
in receiving the welcome visitors. I
and Mrs. J. Stackler. Miss Gertrude
Casey, Misses Clara and Jessie Schmaling,
Miss Annette Berard, Miss Carrie Bacon.
A. Osborne, F. Schmaling. W. A. Bacon.
"V\ r . Schmalins, M. J. Bacon, T. R. Pfaff.
J. Cooney. C. Slocumb.^ C. P. Eager. \\\
G. Mueh, P. Collier. L.. Hedger and H. F.
Pfaff.
SOCIETY
favor °<i P^P 19 by deparUn^ from th«
arena that belongs to , you as educated
men.
'.J^/t** — .Bet youmlvM strenuously
asrajnst «vll. but do not e«> out of your
v??Z> a™??*!^ S «« faith ,
virtues.— Boston Journal.
Second— Believe in the atrength of rigrht
eousness as a powerful political force. •
- Third— Learn to judge of men in publlo
as in: private ; by their: merits and not by
their- defects. -Eight of the greatest . vil
lains In the world .were Presidents, so th»
¦critics said: *¦' :.¦.--,¦• - y, -\ ••:-.: \t-- ¦>¦»:
Fourth-Never think jron <*n/ fain
When a Kin^ Is Welcome.
"No. sir" declared the man whose td*»«»
of social enuaUty wpr<>/d<*cld#<Jly nncom*
rromlalngr, "in this coantry wo have na
use for a kin?." "Unfoss," suggested th»
other, "i: come* to us In th« draw when
we're hddiitj three others."
THE SA2s FRAXOISCO ¦ CALL; SUNDiVY, DEGEMRRB 30, 1900:
Senator '.Hoar's recent -speech contains
five , points 1 of advice to youngr men about
to enter public life : which axe well worth
considering. V.They; are :>:.':«:-'. r~v>--': ¦" -
'.;•• THrst— Do" not trouble yourself' to court
public opinion. ' People like independence.
26
AD V JSJEtTTBETVrrTNTS.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other f^<^«i •l*mlt > bra are maortd by
DR. asd MRS. A. "W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
buildlnx. lim Market «t.. cor. Taylor, rooms
2S-9. with the electric needle without pain or
•car. Permanency roarajiteed ; hour* 1 to 4 p. m.
Tttf rreatest skin tort and tlnne build*r.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Remove* wrinkle* by making- the tkln firm.
It readeri the «kln eoft,
•mootri. clear. whJ!« and -'Sk.'^>^.
'o-thful and etirea Poison Jt^t^Wk Vjk^v
Ofck and Kczema. It la a , J?!Sk0&A3Bk,
lltjuld. Kny crrtLin of the "!**%?&t£4 "^Pwi
contlttency of butter will /z!!BS&" f * rx T$&
ttlrculiu th»> growth of tfw» *3MlSS3
fcalr en the face. Brab- Og2f T ZjisB
man Toilet Cream la KBF1 -JLMWKf^
t-u»rant«*a Dot to do so. 'H*. -^m*
yrtce 60c Brahman Jt^ffxSgGESSsSr' &*
Tooth Powder. Sc. All ttV>HaggJaa^«7?
4rQCCl<t> * n^ •* OtflC" Of ¦-**>i^^aa^».*»i^
A. W. TRAVEHSE. M. D. Large stock always
at J. B. Pott*' Dtbm Co.
EVERY WOMAN
is interested and should know
jjjC*(*jSij. about the wonderful
i-l ) aiV' V.!» The new Vatiaal Syrlnce.
• v < i$ ' .^S l \'jl Injection and Suction.
\ \ ¦ !' S^yvl Best— Safest— Most Con-
X <^v"s;Ci^^Aw venient. ItClftcses
X^^V^^^-pr^- InstanUy.
If te <-»nno« tupplr the Vif^r ' ¦"¦ <5 .
other, but %mi it»«p for Clw- \* / "Wy
tr»tf d book - in J»>d. It f 1"^ f-H !-¦ I ,'M
r«rtir«1«n an-i dirrrtiom lavuluabl* "I'l .. Im
!«l«d.»- MAKVKL CO..
Be» Bdc acwTark V^LJS^r
H Hi B M * - POWd * r * *" rrt 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
E9SR2r3MS^^£^^S iSg ¦ B mm mH »H& 03 JSr wS Bt mSS anr S3 j£^n w mRSS^&fp mB afw S3 BSHSBO/t^OSSEn
ESKrs^ttaKSBiBKCTBKrFSSa Q(9atw BS B A1B1b«V^ h BHbB ¦ H km mm £3 Rt JEw *S<L.<TJ - Jfiufu!rsfi*f arW fii rXi HSzvZkzi 4%MMRnr
j^jrrnniri nft"r^Wff ' a9N59 mt Jaf jjiBjigL JSS Ml* cw B 1&3 0 £*S «2fc!S Mit&SXrm 10 Jju Ja£f BBm^riwVS^xScSnn
i Overworked WOffleile Evidence of Mrs. PJnkham's Cures. |l
H Hard work for a weak woman is traffic in flesh and wi§K^i§P"W\V pla ] nt ', le y ic I orrhcea ' itchin^» bearin sr' dowi!1 feelin ?» h
P It makes little difference what the field of work is, s!v pP? *^* *^i/ me wbat to do - followed your instruction, and n
H whether at home or elsewhere, if there is weakness, work ja rw andns?d C OT^ 1 Sc^ t S e of C S» Ve^ U wLh 0mpOUnd -I
|1 How Our hearts ache for tho sickly women that Work Tg^ ?• twcHII j^g Compound too highly. I do hope every suffering H
I for daily bread at some ill-paid factory employment ! « i h^e been. I wT.rSTuie"^^^^" " h^i'Sol! 1
pi How distressing also to see a, woman Struggling with wonders for me and I am so thankful."— MBS. GrENIE KELLOGG, Bm» -1
U head are aching, and every new movement brings out a "Dbab M»a. Piwkham:— I wish to let you know that Lydla B. t!
tJ new pain ! * Plnkham's Vegetable Compound has cured me of 'painful menstruation fj
| K the mere looking on at these suffering women uS^{XZSl^^S%^^^}£g£. \\
M touches Our hearts, hOW hopeless must life be to the WO- pound enough, and feel that if all who suffer from female, troubles would H
H men themselves ? P u * themselves under your care and follow your advice they will find | j
|j .person cannot Understand. _ "DiabMbi. Potxham !— For eight year* I have suffered with Inflam- H
H Can these ailing, weak women, Who are Called UDOn "nation of the womb and bladder, profuse and painful menstruation, and H
i to do work which would tire a etrong man, be mad. torn i.t^ri < to«S ™ R " jfeetSttS^S H
g that they can easily and surely better their condition 1 . E. Pinkham'a Vegetable Compound, and, thanks to your wonderful 11
I Will not the volumes of letters from women made . SfeHd^'-ME? £l?ioWKE, StSSn, N <ra £ mediCi3l# ** wollMia '' *^ n
U Convince them of the virtues of this medicine ?. *Dbab Mm. PnrKHAw:—I write tbi» letter f or yon topnbllshfor I!
B How shall the FACT that it WILL HELP THEM b© S» ebeiiefl d^f P°? r ' 8UfCerln Jr women. Lydla E. Plnkham's Vegetable fj
B ¦'*'''- _ _zl " ' * DOttlCS ftUQ XCCl 11 »C0 ft HCW WOTTSflLH. WTlCll I bcff'&Q tllft T2AA Q* — »«- (1 1
P When a medicine has been Successful in more than a medicine I was hardly able to be up, could not do half a day's work I M
Surely you cannot wish to remain weak and sick and MBS * JENNIE ITEEEMan, 403 Pennsylvania Ave., Lima. Ohio. H
some derangement of the feminine oreanism and Tivdia II *" *fe>^ rf W «^ <<I)1BAB 3 " f 1 * 1 *^— I »iclc for . ." '•
E. Pinkham'« Vegetable Oompounl will help youTust l^'^^'S.TSSSJfi^X ~|f
as surely as it has others. , l^^^^j^^, A fevr - vears a e° I "» nothing but a livi/j 11
Bead the letters from women in the opposite column WT^m %™Tnn* y SSL.'SdX.t ft^SS 1
of this paper, and. when you goto your drug store to buy WtSl'&W "• ti 1 '™*' « -•' r«-n BoTelL^ R
this sterling medicine, do not let yourself be persuaded to «L*^i If T f ould e ct so exhausted and «hor. of breath U
_ -. J^&»<Hl\ t£Z£i. I MT e taken *^ YydST^. H
Lytiia E. Plnkham's bH#; SS=SS I
Vegetable Omm~l>£g! l 3&5^gm&\New Vegetables Wanted.
Our present garden vegetables ars culti
vated .varieties i of wild species. Why do
not our horticulturists seek for other
•wild plants that could be Introduced with
profit to our tables? A fortune awaits him
who does this successfully, says L« Science
Francalse. ¦ We may be shy. at first, of a
dish of iris, or a saxifrage salad, but the
papers will relate : how 'Bernhardt or Co
quelln ate and liked. them, 'and then the
Irlfi and the saxifrage will become popu
lar, like the potato. -
Calcutta had some queer experiences
during the recent flood in that city.
Amon* tliem it Is noted that In Dalhousle
Square, in the very heart of the city, a
train was stopped by a large fish which
pot caught in a wheel while swimming in
the street.
Pictures for New Year.
TVe ha\-e on exhibition a fine lot of
framed pictures showing- all the new ef
fects In Flemish, Old Dutch and Ebony
Frames, with tinted mats to match. All
the newest pictures in Copley Prints, plat
inum, sepia and water color. Good goods
and moderate prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market St. ' T
Masonic Installation*.
f OR the first time in more than
fifty years of its existence Cali
fornia Lodge, the mother lodge
of Free and Accepted Masons
of California, installed its of
ficers in the presence of ladles
Thursday night In King Solo
mon's Hall of the Masonic Temple,
The ceremony, conducted in the mosn.
Impressive manner, was witnessed by
about four. hundred ladles and their es
corts. All the officers of the lodge and
the members were attired in full dress
and all wore the blue lodge sheep
skin. The Installing officer was the re
tiring master. Henry P. Umbsen, assisted
by Past Master Robert McMillan as mar
shal of ceremonies.
The new officers are: Walter A. Scott,
worshipful master; Charles M. Plum,
senior and Henry M. Owens, junior war
den; Herman F. Mulicr, treasurer; Frank
lin H. Day, secretary; Raymond H. Wil
cox, senior, and William- Crocker, Junior
deacon; Henry A. Cllne, marshal; William
J. Golcher, senior, and Ralston L. White,
junior steward; Samuel D. Mayer, or
ganist, and George P. Adams, tyler.
After the proclamation the lodge pre
sented to Henry P. Umbsen, the retiring
master, a beautiful past master Jewel ano
a handsome hall clock.
South San Francisco Lodge, F. and A.
M., installed its officers Thursday night In
the Masonic Teuiple at Fourteenth and
Railroad avenues, in the presence of about
one hundred members of the fraternity.
The Installing officer was H. F. Rahlman.
the retiring master, aided by E. C. Hare
past master, as marshal. The officers who
were installed are: Samuel Hansen, wor
shipful master; George W. Harloe, senior,
and Louis G. Kramer, junior warden;
James X. Bailey, treasurer; E. C. Hare,
secretary: B. H. Weidenmeyer, senior, and
William McDonald, junior deacon; John
Partridge, marshal; Frederick Meyer,
6enior, and Jacob Keusch, junior deacon,
and Joseph Hare, tyler. A fine past mas
ter jewel, rich In diamonds and gold
was presented to retiring Master Rahl
man, after which there was an adjourn
ment to the banquet-room, where an ex
cellent turkey supper was served. There
were short addresses by the new officers
and a number of the visitors.
Eastern Star Notes.
King Solomon Chapter at Its last held
session of the year had a Christmas tree
festival In its chapter room In Franklin
riall, on which occasion there was a pres
ent for every member of the chapter. -
Mission Chapter had a Christmas tree
for its members on the night of the 22d
inst. and after the distribution of presents
to members there was a pleasant social
hour. _ . .
Beulah and Olive Branch chapters had
ehort business meetings last Monday
night. As it was the eve of Christmas
but little was done.
The officers of Oakland Chapter will be
Installed on the night of the 3d of Janu
ary- This chapter has presented to Mrs.
N; A. Darlinp a fine silver berry spoon in
recognition of services rendered the chap
ter.
Odd Fellowship.
The local lodges are making prepara
tions for the installation of officers during
the month of January. The encampments
are also bu?y along that line.
Fresno L.o<!ge has appointed a commit
tee to arrange for the celebration in grand
style of the thirtieth anniversary of the
institution of the lodge.
Frank \V. Smith, a well-known fraternal
man and attorney of Redding, who was
prominent in the recent entertainment of
the members of the grand encampment
at Redding, has come to this city to make
It his permanent nome. Mr. Smith, who
is an officer of the grand encampment,
has issued a convenient folder which gives
the names of the olflcers of the grand
encampment and a Hst of the names and
locations of the subordinate encampments
of the jurisdiction of California.
Eebekahs.
District Deputy President Mrs. Eola M.
Cyrus will install the officers of Oriental
Lodge No. 90 on January 2, California No.
1 on January- 5, Loyal No. 215 on January
7, Jubilee No. 239. on January 8, Mission
No. 225 on January 12, Templar No. 19 on
Januarv- 19 and Amity No. lbl on Jan
uary 26".
Oriental Rebekah Lodge had a good at
tendance at Its meeting on the night of
the 2tith inst., on which occasion there
was work in the line of Initiation. After
the. close of business there was a social
hour in honor of the last business meet
ing of the present officers. Ice cream and
cakes were served to all present.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge will have a watch
meeting to-morrow night for the purpose
of saying farewell to the old year and
welcoming the new.
Jubilee Lodge had an open meeting
last night, when the lodge members and
visitors enjoyed a social hour.
Mrs. Caroline A. Hoxett, president of
thn California Assembly, has announced
the following official visitations for Jan
uary: On the 3d to Haywards Lodge. 5th
to Alvarado Lodge; 8th to Stella Lodge,
San Jcse; 12th to Danville; 14th to Mlz-
I<ah Lodge, Antioch; 15th to Carmel
Lodge. Crockett; lfith to Mt. Diablo, Con
cord; 17th, Golden Star. San Rafael; 18th,
Petaluma; 19th, Concordia, Oakland; 22d,
Aqua Pura, Irvington; 23d, Oriental. San
Kranclsco; 25th, Elmwood, San Mateo;
26th, Fern, Pescadero; 2Sth, Pleasanton,
and 23th, Alameda.
The Druids.
Golden Star Grove of the United An
cient Order of Druids is flourishing. /At
Its last held meeting five strangers were
received into the first degree and sev
eral propositions ¦were presented. The
bard and druid degrees were conferred on
several applicants. The grove has of
fered a medal to the member who during
the term shall introduce the greatest
number of strangers and have them in
itiated. All the members are working to
the end that the membership shall In
crease and they will endeavor to maka
the grove the banner one of the city.
Boadicea Circle will give a social In the
social hall of Shiels building en the nisrnt
of the 5th of January. The committee
of arrangements will serve refreshments
without coFt to the guests of the circle.
Washington Hall, at the corner of Un
ion and Stockton streets, was crowded
last Thursday night on the occasion of
the Christmas festival held by El Dorado
Circle of the U. A. O. D. All the mem
bers of the circle were there in full force,
together with their children and many
Druldical friends of the circle were also
there. After a quadrille and a two-step,
Santa Claus, personated by Deputy Grand
Arch Jules S. Godeau. attractive In fur
lined red coat, red breeches, -top boots
and a fur cap and wearing the tradi
tional flowing white beard, entered the
rcoras, and he waa Immediately surround
ed by the children, who wanted "to know
what he had brought for* them. Their
answer was the distribution of a number
of toys and packages of candy. Then
the balance of the night was devoted to
dancing. The affair, a. very pleasant one,
was under the direction of Mrs. O. Hel
den, Mrs. Thomas Thornhill. G. A. D.,
Mrs. A. Mulr.-Mrs.'L. G. Gosch, Mrs. J.
F. Maxtlnoni and Miss . B. Fabbri. M.
Monti was the floor manager.
Ancient Order of Workmen.
On the night of the 17th inst. the San
Francisco Extension Committee paid a
fraternal visit to Memorial Lodge" and
there was an exchange of views between
the visitors and members of the lodge ,on
those matters that are calculated to be
for the best interests of the order. On
the 20th members of the committee vis
ited Sts. John Lodge, at which there wero
present quite a number of members who
had not attended the lodge meetings for
a long time. It was a revival' of -Interest
that was pleasant. On the night of the
22d the same committee visited Harmony
Lodge, on which occasion there was the
initiation of: four candidates. This lodge
lias been making an unusual record : for
Itself, having in the past few 'months in
itiated more than 130 candidates. It is
the banner lodge of this city for initiatory
work this terrn.tSBS|Sg|H|BM«i|Spif^ga0b|
Prosperity Lodge on. last Tuesday init
iated a class of twelve . strangers, and
hopes by next Tuesday to reach the three
hundred mark in membership. The:offi
cers of this lodge will be Installed in pri
vate on -the 13th of January. ¦¦ ->«aHgi8»' ' ttfA
Excelsior Lodge during December added
twelve to its • membership by initiation.
The officers of this lodge will be installed
on the nigbt of the 16th of January. After
the ceremony there .will be . a programme
cf entertainment. ¦
The several local' parlors are making
arrangements for the installation of offl-
The new session of Valley . Lodge -will
be. held in the new quarters selected In
the Pioneer building.
Native Daughters.
cers during the first half , of January. A
number of these will be public*
Miss Laura J. Frakes,- the grand secre
tary, has returned from her visit to her
home In Butler; Creek after an" absence
of two ' weeks, * and '. has re-entered upon
the active discharge of the -duties ef her
nftlrn "~rr i rtf | ' Trr T'* | Ui!ii \* l'fwilljliBi*niiltl!OWlN3Cl
Amapola Parlor ot Butter - Creek had a
Christmas festival last week : which waa
a grand success, and proved to be. a most
enjoyable affair that was attended by a
large number of people of that place.
The visit. of; Grand President Mr». Gett
to La Vespero Parlor. waa one of the very
pleasant official one* of the term. The
grand officer was accompanied by several
of the past grand officers and members
who are high in the councils of the order,
The hall was decorated In a tasty man
ner with American nags. , , streamers of
varied colors and living plants, while all
the officers were attired In white. After
an exemplification of the work and busi
ness methods, which were highly praised,
there was. an adjournment to the banquet
hall, which had been converted into a
fairy bower and after a delicious supper
MrB. Nellie R. Boege, on behalf of the
parlor, presented to Mrs. '. Gett an ele
gant and costly cut-glass set. During the
evening there were addressee by the grand
president, Past, Grand President Mrs. Con
rad and Mrs. Tillman, Mrs. Aggie Lun
etedt, Mrs. Mary Meyers, Mrs. Josephine
Coddington, A. G.'H.-B.. and Mrs. J. A.
Stelnbach. The parlor has elected the fol
lowing named as its officers for the ensu
ing term: Miss Anna Lasteln, president:
Miss Mayme Light, Mrs. Nora Nonne
mann. Miss Estelle Cleu, vice presidents:
Mrs. MnryT. Derosler, recording secre
tary: Miss Mary McDonough, financial
secretary; Miss Mae O'Connor, marshal:
Misses Annie McDonough, Lola Greer and
Liasie Anderson, trustees;- Miss Inez
Smith. Inside sentinel; Miss Nora O'Day,
outside sentinel; Miss Cassle McTiernan.
orgoniflt; Drs. A. McLaughlln and A. B.
Todd. physicians.
• Mrs: Boege, the retiring president, who
during her term made an admirable offi
cer, displaying great executive ability and
showing much tact as an organizer, : was
at the last held meeting of the parlor
presented with a beautiful emblematic
pin as a token of appreciation.
Degree of Honor.
Ivy Lodge of the Degree of Honor, A. O.
U. W., will Install its officers In Oakland
on the night of the 2d of January.
The officers of Silver Spray Lodge of
this city will be Installed in Excelsior
Hall ; on the night of the loth of January.
Forget-Me-Not Lodge of this city will
have its officers installed during the first
half of January. ' v
A new lodge has been organized in the
northern part of the State. It will be
Instituted during the early part of next
year.
National Union.
At the last h^Id meeting of j Berkeley
Council of the National Union, Deputy
Joseph Newbery Bunting was presented a
beautiful oil painting in an elegant gold
frame, in recognition of the high, esteem
in which he is hi-ld by the members of th<t
council, for whloh he has worked faith
fully and earnestly. The presentation was
by President ; Barnett and the response
was a feeling one. The painting is from
the brush of A. -H.' Broad, a member of
the National Union, and is a magnificent
work of art. At the invitation of Speaker
Donahue all drank the health of the dep
uty after which all present engaged in a
friendly game of whist.
Improved Order of Red Men.
Great Sachem Brandon, Great Chief of
Records Bliss, Past Great Sachem Chase
and other great chiefs were In Geysev
ville last Thursday night, where they in
stituted a new tribe of the order with a
good charter list. I^ast night they were
with the new tribe at Healdsburg, where
a class of twenty-four palefaces were
adopted.
The local tribes are all working at thU
time, and there Is not one ¦ that in tho
last three weeks has not had either adop
tion or degree work.
Arrangements are almost complete for
the public raising up of the chiefs of the
several local tribes in Native Sons' Hall
on the night of the 10th of- January.'*: The
chiefs to be raised up wllfibe the sachem,
senior and junior sagamore and the
prophet of each tribe, eighty in all. A
datice will follow the ceremony: v.- v t
Alfaratta Council of the Degree of Po
eahontas gave a Yulettde . social In the
Shiels building on last Friday night. There
was a large number of persons present,
including a goodly number of little ones,
who were each, during the evening, made
the recipient of a reminder of the occasion
in the shape of a toy and some candy and
cakes. The older persons enjoyed them
selves dancing until midnight. The affair
was under the direction of Mesdames
Janes, Bette, Dlerks and Boyes and Mis3
Mclvay.
Last Thursday night Poeahontas Tribe
adopted ten palefaces, adding that many
to the membership of the jurisdiction. It
Is expected that in view of the good work
that has been done during the present
term by the time the next great coun
cil meets in this State there will be a large
increase in the order.
Knights of Pythias.
The lodges of Knights of Pythias of
Stockton are arranging a Joint meeting
for the purpose of preparing for the Su
preme L<odge session to be held in this city
in 1902.
Golden City Lodge conferred the knight
rank on last Friday.
The officers of Triumph Lodge of* Son
Jose will be installed In public on the 18th
of January. The grand chancellor anil
the grand keeper of records and seals. will
be in attendance.
Los Angeles Knights are preparing for
the 1902 convention. They propose to
make a good showing.
During the three months ending Decem
ber 15. the endowment rank paid out in
benefits the sum of $313,735.
The supreme chancellor has sent out a
circular drawing attention to the Supreme
Tx>dge convention to be held In this city
In 1902, and to the fact that the round
trip fare will not exceed «62 50. - It Is pos
sible that a $60 rate from lhe East may
be obtained. .
Knights of the Maccabees.
San Francisco Tent on last Friday night
held Its Christmas tree festival in the
Assembly Hall of the Pioneer building.
The attendance of 'sir knights and mem
bers of their, families was such that It
filled the hall to Its'capacity. There was
a very; entertaining programme ftfr the
benefit of the adults, after which the lit
tle ones were -given post Christmas pres
ents and candles, which: they received
with manifestations of great glee.
Foresters of America.
Court Madrone of -the. Foresters of
America will install its officers In public
on the night of the 6th" of January. .
Grand Chief Ranker Asher will pay a
visit to Court Verbano in Oakland on the
night of the 5th of January.
Court El Dorado gave -a social enter
tainment to Its friends in the social hall
of the' Alcazar building on last Friday
night. There was a good attendance and
a pleasing programme of dances. ¦ .
Court Acme will : give an anniversary
banquet' in March next. '¦:¦. -
The officers of Court Ferrucio will in
stall its. officers in public on the night of
the 3d of January. .
Court Inter Nos has decided to meet
semi-monthly instead of weekly,-" as In the
past, and the meetings will hereafter b«
held on the first and third Friday of each
month.
Court Sutro Heights -has arranged for
one of Its delightful entertainments to be
given online 14th of January.
Court San Jose has arranged for a mas
querade ball to be given on the night of
the, 16th of January. - .
' Court : Columbia's 1 Social" Club will give
its fifth annual ball in .Union Square Hall
to-morrow nlght.vThere will be during the
evening the distribution - of plush notive
nire. BB&HVVQltflMS&BM
C. >W. ¦ Caldln, ¦ financial -secretary:, of
Court j Hobart, 7. has . been appointed Post
master at Hobart, Nevada County.
, A. F.Brinkmann, financial secretary of
Court "Justice, will on the 15th of January
be married to Miss. Carrie Riddllngton of
thlSjdty. . . . ,
Woodmen of the World.
: ¦ Golden Gate Camp, ? at " its meeting on
the 23d Inst.. initiated one candidate. and
occldrd to have a public installation of Its
oincers : in .'Native Sons" Hall Ton the night
of > the 17th • of 'January. This ' will be , fol
lowed by a programme of dancing. The
camp ; has procurred a", set ; of new badges
for us officers.' : - :
The installation of ¦ the officers ''. of * Redr 5
wood Circla,- : Women of . .Woodcraft* for
the ensuing term, has been set fer the 8th
of next month. ?-. -'-.*•
Golden Gate Camp, on the afternoon of
the 1st h insX, unveiled a beautiful monu
ment that wae erected over the grave of
the late J, G< Mullen at Holy Cross Cema
terjr. : / ¦ . . - . ..'..¦
Calumet Camp had arranged fer a post
Christmas tree festival for tht children
of members In Shiels building on the
nlgrht of last Thursday, and there was 'a
large number of little ones present who
wanted to Bee Santa Claus; but they were
disappointed, because there was no tree,
no Santy, owing to the neglect of the
organizer, who had promised one, failing
to have it in the hall. But th«r« were
presents 'for' the children, however, and
they were distributed Juirt the same. Dur
ing the evening there was a programme
of entertainment and a dance ior the
adults. • ,* ¦
Daughters of Liberty.
During the year that Is closing Cali
fornia Council of the Daughters of Lib
erty made a net gain of thirty members.
At the meeting of the council last
Wednesday night tho following named
were elected, for the ensuing term: MIm
Kmily I*ewis, councilor (re-elected); Miss
Margaret Thomas, associate councilor;
Miss Lizzie Cantus, vice councilor (re
elected); Miss Minnie Sproul. associate
\-lce councilor; Miss Laura Cantus. re
cording secretary (re-elected) ; Miss Ruby
Hamberger. assistant recording secretary:
Mrs. Annie Hamburger, treasurer (re
elected); Miss Christine Jorgensen, flnan
rlal secretary (re-elected): Mrs. Carrie
Ewing. guide; Mrs. Jennie Adams, inside,
and M. Hall, outsldo guard. These offi
cers will be installed on the 21st of Jan
uary.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Aurora Lodge No. 202 of the Knights and
Indies of Honor haa arranged to have its
officers Installed in public on the evening
of the 7th. of January in its hall in the
Union Square building. All members of
the order have been invited and asked to
bring their friends.
James A. Garfleld Corps.
James A. Garfield Corps of the W. R. C.
of the Grand Army of the Republic had
a holiday festival last Thursday night
in the social hall of the Alcazar for the
benefit of Its fund for the relief of the
veterans of the War of the Rebellion.
There was a very pleasing programme of
entertainment that was varied with
dances. Each one who entered the room
was presented by the corps with a token
of its hospitality. - Mrs. Dora H. Wilklns
was the floor manager and the commit
tee of arrangements consisted of Mes
dames N. V. Van Horn, Sarah Wilson and
Tina McGowan. This corps has done a
great deal in tho line of work in which
it Is engaged: relieving the wants of the
needy old soldiers who fought for the
preservation of the Union and those de
pendent upon them. <3Bfli
. — ,
The Eschscholtzias.
The Kschscholtzlas gave their last par
ty of the century last Thursday night in
Mission Parlor Hall. The hall was dec
orated with exquisite simplicity and what
was lacking tn gaudy display on walls,
stage and ceiling was made up by the
beauty of the great number of sparkling
eyed young ladies who .took part in the
whirl of the many dances on the pro
gramme. The social functions of this or
ganization are. month by month, becom
ing more popular with those who are fo
fortunate as to be on the list of theinvita
bles. Every invitation prepared Is passed
upon -by a committee, so that none shall
go out that might fall into the hands. of
undesirable individuals. The aim of the
officers is to make the gatherings select
in the extreme. The officers of the even
ing were: Floor manager, 'J. D. Hede
mann; assistant floor manager, Guy Rog
ers; floor committee— R. Abel, A. Theuer
kauf. A. Rewig: reception committee-
George Boyd, T. O'Brien, W. Barry; ar
rangement committee — L. R. Llndsley, J.
Carter, P. W. Paul.
Knights of the Golden Eagle.
California" Castle No. 1 of the Knights
of the Golden Eagle on last 'Friday night
had a very enjoyable Christmas festival,
upon which occasion George P. Peterson,
acting as Santa Clauv donated to a num
ber of children present a token by which
to' remember the event and. then to each
member a gift that In each case was a
perfect misfit, as it was something that
the recipient had no earthly u^e for. The
distribution wa» followed by dancing. D.
Hanna, C. Miller and W. O. Macdougall
were the committee in charge.
Independent Foresters.
Owing to the fact that the regular meet-
Ing night fell on Christmas Court Yerba
Buena of the Independent. Foresters held
its meeting last Wednesday night. It in
itiated two candidates and received two
applications. This court has been doing
well of late and has been adding to its
membership, showing that its members
are heart and soul with the principles of
the order. \
National Aid Association,
All arrangements have been concluded
for the children's night, Christmas fes
tival and social to be given by the Na
tional Aid Association in the Soctal Hall
of the Foresters' building to-morrow
night. There will be a Christmas tree,
presents for the children, a grab-bag and
a dance. '
Good Templars.
Oakland Ix)dge No. 162 of the Independ
ent Order of Good Templars will have a
watch meeting in Pythian Castle. Oak
land, to-morrow night, commencing at 8
o'clock and continuing until after the
bells shall have tolled the advent of the
new year and century. There will be u
programme of music and songs and it is
expected that David Tatum. the Quaker
evangelist, who Is on the coast lecturing
on temperance, will be present and talk
on "Home and the Saloon." He is rep
resented as a very eloquent and talented
lecturer. The doors of the meeting place
will be open to all who may wish to watch
the old vear out an1 the new year In.
The Juvenile Temple is prospering under
the skillful management of Georgle Wil
lard, the superintendent, who is untiring
In her efforts to inculcate the principles
of temperance into Uie minds of the little
ones under her charge and the children
are profiting by her teachings.
Oakland Lodge has . been adding to its
membership in a satisfactory manner and
it Has promise .of additions in the early
part, of next month.
hall of fine arts, which will be devoted
to the service of the arts generally, and
which is to afford ample provision for
the feendation of a school of music. It
has lcr.g been Mrs. Hearst > wise intent
to pve to music students an equal op
portunity with that afforded to the stu
dents of painting and sculpture at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. and an
institution which has the dirnity and
prertige of State interest in Its work, and
with the new century the possibilltv will
become actual. How eoon the hall of
fine arts will be ours, hew soon will be
begun the rood work under its roof. Is not
yet known, but it Is one of the good things
coming to us. of which the Important
end value cannot be overestimated.
• • --'0 •¦_
Of artists to be heard during the com
ing year Calve In "Carmen" comes first
In importance. Mr. Grau will bring out
the finger some t!me during the fall, and
has also promised an extended Wagnerian
programme. Carreno comes in March; the
gagement at the California Theater, i
though its coincidence of dates with the j
drau engagement at the Grand Opera- i
house to a certain extent explains that, j
The Mlnetti Quartet has also a little tale :
ot woe to tell concerning- its chamber j
music concert series, though the present I
o-jtl^ok seems brighter. The symphony I
concert was well represented in the ear- j
!>r part of the year, with a series of
rive conrprtp given under the baton of i
Henry Holmes, and one under the leader- j
ship of Walter Damrosch; but one con- ¦
cert only is the fall record of symphony j
activity, and matters symphonic are now j
!n parlous state Indeed. Which brings me !
to the" new year's outlook.
The accepted plans for th« new uni
versity buildings at Berkeley Include a
The orchestral annals of the year are
hardly so encouraging. The Italian Ma
rine Band, a worthy artistic organization,
played to empty benches during its en-
/^^¦W° no Sta.t» in the Union, pcr-
I haps, comes the new century
/T l with fairer promise on her lips
IV J . to California, favored
V^-^-y daughter of the far West.
With the new century begins
for her the second half oenten- i
ary of fcer carter aiaon* the dvll'.xed com
monwealths of the earth; with the pass
ing cf the olfl century she leaves behind
perhaps as remarkable tuxy years of his
tory a* the tale of any State can ahow.
What she has done In the period of her
precocious youth has not lacked the tell
ing. Her achievements In art, music, lit
erature, science, commerce and Invention
filed worthily page after page of the peo
;:es history— the newspaper— during the
\ ear's celebration of the founding of the
State. A proud tale It was. a worthy roll
to hand down to the children of Cali
fornia, full of hlgB hope for the future
end bearing In its record of achievement
the certain prophecy of new days, greater,
infinitely greater than any we have yet
known. A repetition of the tale were
wearisome and here unnecessary, but a
reckoning up of our musical assets, with
which we are to make the future musical
hlnory of the State. *rere not perhaps
without interest.
• • •
To take a look backward first, over the
I ast year's musical programme, to paut? |
thereby th<* present standard of apprecia- !
:!on. De Paehmann. in some very well
attended' piano recitals, was the first art
ist of importance to be heard during the
last twelve months. Antoinette Trebelli
came next, with her admirable song re
citals, which were continually more
crowded with each programme given. The
'»raJT combination, which came shortlv
efterward; Damrosch. Gadski and BSs
rham. in Illustrated Wagnerian lectures,
acquired the popularity cf a fad; and a
very successful symphony concert, under
Mr. namresch's baton, wa* als«o given
during their visit. Three grand opera sca
pons are the operatic tale of the year.
The unfortunate Azzail Italian Opera
Company, which came to the California,
with its excellent soloists and wretched
chorus, received quite adequate support.
The Tivoli's grand opera stason. the most
cuceessful cf its seven years' offerings in
this direction, was patronized up to the
last nisrhi of its eighteen weeks' pro
gramme In amply satisfactory fashion.
And lastly, on which fact we must now
cea$e congratulating ourselves, the never
to-be forgotten Grau grand opera was ap
preciated, artlEtically and financially. In j
a fashion which lifts us to the same level j
in this repard as Boston, Chicago and ;
even New York.
• • •
Of clever folk of our own who were
heard here. Row Relda's two concerts ,
xvere perhaps most successful. Anna Mil
ler Wood also gave a number of 6ong re
citals, eminently successful from an ar
tistic standpoint, but for some reason or
ether financially a failure. Clara Kalish
er was also heard in recital, and among j
those who are to be always with us, Fred- ]
«>riek Bigger-staff, Karry G. Samuels, Mrs. !
Oscar Mansfoldt and Hother Wismer gave I
recitals of much interest. The child won- j
e'er has been largely in evidence this year,
and amid the crowd four really remark- I
able children have made successful ap- '
faracces — Paloma Sehrarmn and her I
Fmall Fister Karla, little Enid Brandt and j
Alma Stencel. all of whom will be heard !
from in the new century, and to the glory
of the Golden State.
• • •
MUSICAL
HenschelB will shortly be here; Ttebelli
is announced for January, and Oahrilo
wltBCh and Qerardy are also announced
for uncertain dates Curing the spring.
Strauss sets the ball roiling to-night, and
eo far, the exceptional programme of the
past year bids fair to be equaled by the
new year menu.
• : • " •
The Symphony Society seems practical
ly dead. There is only one guarantor,
Mrs. Hearst. The musicians are all here,
but there is no conductor upon whom
all are agreed. Scheel has left us for bril
liant successes in Philadelphia. Hlnrlchs
is with Macdowell at the head of the or
chestral department in his college. Pro
fessor Holmes and Max Hirschfeld are
th« orly possible symphony leaders here,
and to neither Is given the necessary al
lcglar.ee by the symphony going public.
The musicians themselves are unwilling
to make the necessary sacrifice of time
and money to further the interest of the
orchestra. Last year the trades union
rates were raised approximately from $3
to $8 per man per concert, and in addition
the exceptional instrumentalist charged
all the traffic would bear for his services
from $15 to $36 per concert. It Is a short
sighted policy, and in face of such condi
tions generally it is little wonder that
the symphony management has laid down
its work with hardly the least wish to re
sume it.
The Strauss programmes at the Cali
fornia Theater for this evening, Monday,
Tuesday matinee and evening and
Wednesday are as follows:
Sunday evening: Overture from the operetta
"WaJdmeist^r"' fJohRnn Strauss): fragment
from the fantasie "The Nations" (Moezkows-
Ky); wjJtz, "Wiener Blut" (Johar.n Strauss):
"Entr'acte a la Rococo" (E. Glllet). for
string quartet: polka, "Hearty and fc-enslble"
* lvJuar.1 Htraussi; "Hungarian Rhapsodle No.
12" (Franz Liszt); waits from the ballet
"NaJU" (Delib»B); "Songr Without Words"
? Mendelsohn), orchestrated by Eduard Strauss;
characteristic march, "Caucasian" (Johann
Btraupf ).
Monday— Overture to the operetta. "The
Queon'ii L>sc<> Handkerchief" (Jonann Strauss);
"Marche Kunebre" iChopln), orchestrated by
Eduard Strauss: waltz. "Morning Journals"
(Johann Strauss); Anitra's dance from "Peer
Gyr.t" (Grieg): entr'acte and plzzicattl from
the ballot "Sylvia" (Delibes); i>otpourrl from
the opera "Carmen" (Bizet); waltz, "Forest
Tales" from the ballet "The Mountain Spirit"
(Erik Meyer-Hfimund): "Evening Song" (Rein
ecke). for string quartet and harp; galop,
"Clear the Track" (Eduard Btrauss).
Tuesday matinee — Overture to the opera
"•Oberon," C. M. von Weber; waltz, "Dancing
Waves." Eduard Strauss; "Marche Funebre,"
Chopin; polka, "Demollrer," Johann Strauss:
pilot's song and sailor'* dance from the opera
"Th« Flying- Dutchman." R. Wagner; waltz
from the operetta "Waldmelster," Johann
Strauss; "Song Without Words," Mendelssohn;
"Mexican Serenade," L&ngey.
Tuesday evening— Overture to the opera
"Raymond." Thomas; "Toreador" and "Anda
louse." from "Bal Costume," Rubinstein;
waltz, "Greeting to America" (new), Eduard
Strauss; "Tasserled," E. Glllet; polka con
certante, "Ar.nen," Joh&nn Strauss; "Rhap-
Bodie Hongrolse," FVanz Liszt: waltz. "New
Vienna." .Jchr.nr. Strauss; "Evening Songs" (for
string quaxtet and harp), C. M. von Behr;
palop, "Happy the World Over," Eduard
Straus.
! Wednesday — Overture to the opera. "If I Were
j King." Adorn; "Walther'6 Prise Bong," from
! the opera "Die. Melntersjnger," R. Wagner;
| waltz, "Jubilee," Eduard Strauss: chorus.
"Sleep Well, Sweet Boy," Fran* Schubert;
polka, "Harlequin," Johann Strauss; potpourri
from the opera. "PagllaccI," Leoncavallo:
| "Intermezzo." "Hypnotic Plumber," Eduard
Ptraups; "Menuet," I*aderew*ki ; "Marche Ctoar
j acteristlque." "Lea Baracenea." Eduard
> Etrauss.
• • •
Th« Tale University Glee and Banjo
Clubs •will give their first concert at Met
ropolitan Temple on Thursday evening,
next. A second and last concert will b*
given at the Grand Opera-house on Janu
ary 4. and both events will be society
affairs.
The wisdom of the changed regime of
the Mlnettl Quartet concert." was amply
demonstrated the other evening on its
first inauguration at the fourth concert
of this season's series. I>iscourag«d by
the sparsely filled houses at the beginning 1
cf the season. Mr. Minetti decided to place
the concerts nn a purely subscription ba
sis, and, further, to plve them in the
evening instead of afternoon. The pro
cramme grlvt-n was interesting- as usual,
thouch no novelties were Introduced. The
TschaJkowsky D major quartet, with its
charming Andante— familiar to us throuph
the Scheel arrangement— went exceedingly
well. The Ippolltofr-Ivanoff "Intermezzo"
and "Humoresca," two movements from
the r.ew A min. quartet Introduced at
the season's beginning, were repeated,
and apain enjoyably heard, and the
Smetana piano trio in O min. ended the
programme. A big number Is this latter,
picturesque, colorful, broad, a little sen
sational perhaps in device, but no end
interesting:.
The next concert on January 11 will
include a new Afanassleft quartet.
FRATERNITIES
THE SAN FUANpiSCO C ALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1000.
27
AMUSEMENTS. _
BELASCO am* TttAUeS^ftTte
¦* " tmsrt cm tuu
Phone . South 533. '
MATINEE TO-DAT'. PRICES 10c. 15c. 35a
EXTRA MATINEE NEW YEAR'8 DAYt
To-n!cht and ' B\-ery Evening ¦ Next Week,
THE, GREATEST SUCCESS IN TEARS.
' David Belasco'a Famous Military Romance.
the HEARTOF MARYLAND
THElBEST^OF: ALL' RIO; PUTS!
BEE THE GREAT BELFRY SCENE!
Magnificent and: Realistic Scenery.' Exclttng
Climaxes, arousing the greatest enthusiasm..
rnipcc Ev*k«— 10c," ' 15c. -Kc.- 35c". We:
inlwCO Matinees— 10c. 15c. 2Sc. • No hlKher.
, Secure Seats at Box Office of Theater.' ,T
Programme for Sunday Night.
L Orvrtw* 2rmn th* Ojxwtt* WALDfttEIS-
TER Johaan Straw*
L fragment from Ui« FantaJl* THE NA-
TIONS KotrtowiXy
J. Walta. WMUriCK BL.UT Johann StraaM
4. Snti'act* a U Raccoco E» OUl«t
(Tor Stria* Quartet.)
5. Foika. BSARTT AND SISTBTBUD.
....^. fiaaard BtrmttM
PART XL
1 Huagarlaa Rbapaodl* No. tt.. ......-.—••
; IVaas lAttt
7. Waits from tl» Ballet NAOA. D«Ut>e«
I. Son* Without Word* Mend«U»ohn
(Orchestrated by Eduard Str&uM.)
». Characteristic CAlTCASIAM -.
Johann Stma*»
*TIVOLI*
THIRD BIG WEEK
' BEGINS
MONDAY NIGHT,
December Sl«t.
Special Matinee New Year's Day
AND SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
EVENiNCS AT 8.
The Great HotW.tr £p«ct&cl%
HinderellA
BY FERRIS HART MAN.
v A SEASON OF DELIGHT
FOR THE LITTLE ONES.
HEAR SEE
"R0SIE." r f - THE LOVEL Y WHITE
"SUNFL 0 WER SUE. " PONIES. THE FROLIC
"luirv wumt in OF THE TOADS AND
aVt ni rue FROGS. DOGGIES ar.d
fairie!" pushes.
»WHFl!lZm*mllT ™ £ "CARMEN"
¦ZfJIZf..* BURLESQUE.
TLEG.RL. JHE DAZZLING
"EVERYBODY LOOK. ELECT R.C BALLET
ED AT ME- and AND FESf'S "FLOW-
-CONUNDRUMS. " ERY KINGDOM. ' '
Popular Prices— 25 and 50 Gents.
TELEPHONE— BVSK 9.
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GRACE, JUDGE.
JAS. F. GRACE. SLIPPER.
TO-DAY!
Sunday, December 3O,
Another Great
OPEN STAKE!
mm mm m£ mmm
CRACKERJACKS.
$1500-Total Purse--$1500
Music byYQND-RMEHDEN'S BAND
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leav-a Third and Town send (treat* 3:13 a.
in.. 10 a. m., 11 a. m.. and 12 m., and 1 p. m.;
Twenty-flfth and Valencia streets five mlnutei
later. Raturnjn* at 4:tt p. m. and after tha
last course. -San Mateo Electric Car» every six
minute*.
Admission 25c. Ladles Free.
OLYMriA tS&Wilhm
THE ONLT FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IS
THE C1TT.
MABEL HUDSON,
F?in Franc!«co'a Favorita Son* B1HL
HADLE^T& HART,
.Music*] Duo.
MAE EDGERTON.
The Aerial Queen.
Return and Btr Sacceis of
ANITA LA JSOinT.
AND O1TR CELEBRATED STOCK COJJPAXT
ADMISSION FREE.
MATINEE EVERT SUNDAT.
AMATEUR NIOHT EVERY FRIDAY.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENTNO.
Grand Spectacular Production,
TEN DAYS IN FAIRYLAND
¦ wtfAflDfrm ¦
SANTA CLAUS BALLET!
BIG CHRISTMAS TREE!
Presents for All tha Children!
Telephone for Seati Park 23.
RACING ! RACING ! RACING I
. • 1300— WIN TEit MEETLVO- 1303.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
dec. n to jan. u. rxcujsrvE.
. OAKLAND RACETRACX.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Hvt cr more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. star?.
Ferry-boat* leave San Franciaco m 12 m. and
12:30." 1. 1:30. !. 2:30 and 3 p. m., oonaeotins
with trains stopplnr at the entrance- to th*»
track. Last two cars on train reserved (or
ladles and their escorts; no smoklnr. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu«
eelctrle car» at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda moto con-
nect with San Pablo arena© enrs at F"ourtei?-.th
and Rroadway. Oakland. Them electric cars
to direct to the track tn fifteen minutes.
Returnlnr— Tralm leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last rao*.
THOMAS H. WILJJAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MIL.ROY. Secretary.
DAI IOC Thcse hotels P°*-
I ALAUL sess thc a ««bates
j that tourists and
anO travelers appreciate
. "" —central location,
RR h N fl liberal manage-
UlinilU ment, modern ap-
IIATri A pointraent3 an 4
IIUIlLui Perfect cuisine.
. • - _ , American and En-
San FrailClSCO. ropean plans.
this! n roa * j this 1
WEEK UlGdl | WEEK
Our Great Clearance Sal* opens the week with reductions in
price* that will astonish and delight the most conservative buyers,
extending: as they :¦ throughout our MAGNIFICENT STOCK OF
IJLDIES' AND MIS. "» STYLISH OUTER GABMENTS, every one
of which is offered t -mmediate clearance at figures corresponding
with. th« following:
STARTLING CUTS FROM FORMER PRICES
Tan and Castor Jackets, former price $7.50, now on sale at...
$4.00
Black Goth Jackets, lined through, former price $5.00, now
on sale at $2.50
Children's Box Jackets, former price $12.50, now on sale at..
....$8.00
Ladies* Black Cloth Capes, former price $6.50, now on sale
2t , i ...... $3 00
Ladies' Tan and Castor Capes., former price $10.00, now on
Ladies' Golf Skirts, former price $4.50, now on sale at...
$2.50
Ladies' Gray Blouse Suits, trimmed with satin, former price
$15.00, now on sale at $10.00
Ladies' Black Jacket Suits, trimmed with bands of satin, for-
mer price $1 5 00, now on sale at $1 0.00
Ladies' Red, Blue and Old Rose Cashmere Waists, former
price $4.00, now on sale at $2.00
Ladies' Wool Waists, former price $1.50. now on sale at.$1.00
Ladies' Silk Waists, former price $8.00, now on sale at.$4.00
ladies' Flannelette Wrappers, in all colors and sizes, former
price $1.25, now on sale at 50c
1146 Market Street,
Between Taylor ani) Mason. *
CALIFORNIA ¦ THEATER.
Commencing TO-NIGHT, Sunday
HERR
EDUARD STRAUSS
Court Ball Director to Bmperor of Austria and '
His Unrivaled
VIENNA ORCHESTRA ;
ONE) WEEK OXL.T.
PRICES
Orchestra. f3; Last 7 Rowa, »1 BO.
Baloony, First 4 Rows, $1 £0; Balance, ft.
Gallery, Reserved, 7So; Unreserved. J.'-V. !
Box and Lose Rsata, 12 60.
NBOCT rurTDAT AJTERXOON. |
AT U8UAL POPULAR PRICE3.
"HUMAN HEARTS."
| SAN FRANCISCO CAPTURED! T
Tho Tall* of the Entlr* Country I
Indorsed by Press and Public!
THE GREAT
EVERYTHING NEW I
And In AdditlOQ the
- World-Renowned
S'S HAWTHORNE
Also First Appearance
. In San Francisco Of
WILLIAM CAHILL DAVIS
The Man From Ireland.
Parquet, 25c", any seat: balcony, 10c; children,
l'}c, any part except reserved. A few front or-
chestra rows, reserved. 50c; front rows of bal-
cony, reserved. 2Sc.
SPECIAL MATINEE HEW YEAR'S DAY!
ALF EiXJNGHOtTSB Prop, and Manarer
Phono South 770.
%™5 TING MATINEE
.to-nicht\ TO-D/W
"GREATER AND GRANDER."
» » i"*i~aS* f 1 r T rT T"C MAGNIFICENT
JAV-'UlS Lll 1 O RCTIVAL OF
SHENAN-
D0AH
Direct from the Broadway Theaier, New Torfc
An American play for the American people.
COMPANIES OF iS'FAN'TRTI
SQUADRONS OF CAVALRT!
BATTERIES OF ART1LLERT! .
209— MEN--2G0 50— HORSES— 50
OR Veteran Artillerymen Prom OPS
<&*J Cuba and the Philippine* •*•*'
Words of praise from GEN. MILES— "It Is
the best play I have ever seen."
From the NEW YORK JOURNALr-"A riot
of enthusiasm. A triumph of stagecraft.'
EVENING — 15c, 25c, S5c. 50c and 75c
MATINEE— 15c. 25c, S5c and We.
NEXT-RICHARD GOLDEN In "OLD JED
FROUTT."
Aft! IIBJIDIA SAl FRANCISCO'S
GULUmJSlA LEADING THEATRE
TO-NIGHT %?££;
THE LEADERS
PRIMROSE AND DOCKSTADER
MINSTRELS.
oNKWEEK. — nn I r
Beftlnninft THE nrLl T
TO-MORROW, Uls.sUt.L-
_ NEW
l b U^ VflD!/
NEW d YBAR« |Ulll\
The Most Famous Comle Opera In the World.
OR AND OPERA HOUSE
CROWDED ALL THE TIME!
MATINEES TO-DAY AND NEW TEAK'S
DAT.
Brilliant Triumph ot th*
__; OLIVER-LESLIE <~OMPANT
LAST WIGHT
AN OFFICER OF
THE SECOND.
TO-MORROW EVENTNO
The Theatrical Sensation of the Bast,
NELLG1A/YN
Evening Prices— lOc. 1 Be, ' 25c and BOe.
A f«w front rows In orchestra. 75o.
Matlce* Prices— lOc, 15c. 25c and 5Oc, no
higher. Branch Ticket Office— Emportum. .
MATTNEE TO- DAT and NEW TEAR (TtTES-
DAT).
To-Morrow and Sunday Nl?hta, Farewell to
NAUGHTV^ANTHONY.
Be*innln? WEDNESDAY NIGHT.
Special Eti*RK*ment of
FLORENCE ROBERTS
IN THE ADVENTURES OF
NELL G WYNNE
By/ Charlotte Thompson.
New 5?eenery Painted From Historical Re-
... searches.
PALE OF SEATS ; XOW ON.
F1SCHE R'S CO^^S^^-
- Marie D Woods. Kalcratus. Blanch* Mallory
Stanley, and Woodward, the Leandrr Brothers.
Tom Mack. '< the Grazers and Others.
Reserved Seats 25c Special Ma tin?* N*w Tsazs
KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
Proven. territory, on line of railroad, for
Mle* Splendid chance for those about to
form . an oil -¦'_ company. •: 1 JCETVTON, CAR-
MEN, & SOMES (S., C. i. MASON, a rent). 1
101 Chronicle bldg. , ' San " Francisco.
AMTJSEUCBNTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, SUNDAY, DECEALBER 30, 1900.
28
KDPCATIOyAJU
ENGINEERING, civU/eiec.,mlnlng,mech.,sur-'
¦vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 1 . »S3 Market.'
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system., 302 Montgy.
FRENCH* gentleman ' wishes to exchange les-
sons with some , one who has a typewriter
, and can teach. Address box B. B. 14, Call.
MONET advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions, from U to J1000, at UNCLB HARRIS'.
IS Grant ave. -
MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 187 Mont'y. B. M. Carpenter, pr.
TELACHERS* Agcy. A,McNlell.Mgr.,r. SI. Flood
bldg. ; high school, grammar, private teachers.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, musto studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, baajo. 1826 Eddy st.
-^yBTRATION— PARTINGTON'B DAT * aad
ILLUSTRATION; night class. 484 Pine st.
ARrrHMBTIC. bookkeeping, grammar, writlag.
eto.. day or eve.; |$ mo. 1024 Mission, ar. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
£*&_?'., P***". Ma t to any address In the
united States or Canada one year for ».
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
-*-— JAPANESE aad Chinese employment con-
55?*_S*"i •• tab - over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near PoweU; telephone Bush U5.
JAPANESE responsible honsecleanlag co. ; est.
ISTO; practical recommend: try them: removed
to 419 Devlsadero; teL Fell 13C BV HAMAD A,
RELIABLE Japaaese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 31fl Stockton; Main 6188.
JA - PAJ !£E€_ and Chinese employment office;
best help. B28 O'Fajrell st. ; yel. Hyde 819L
ABC EMPLOTMENT Offlce; Chinese, Japaa-
>se help fur. 644 California; phone James £601.
ORPH_UM Employment Office-Japaaeee, Chl-
ne«e help. 42t Powell, nr. Sutter; teL Black 6072.
CHINESH and Japanese Employment Office—
help. ni% O'Farrell st ; tel. East 426.
EMPLOTMENT WANTED— FEMAZiB.
WANTED— Position by widow tody as house-
E^P 61 !. t0 • ldcrl y couple. Addrets box 834,
Call offloe.
BOT and his mother want work oa a farm;
the boy Is used to a farm; the mother does
hous&work. Address 206 Natoma st.
POSITION as assistant bookkeeper\ cashier,
any office work of trust not requiring sten-
ography; own Remington; do typewriting at
home reasonable; references. Box 886. Call.
COLORED woman wishes light housework or a
place as chambermaid and sleep home. Box
831. Call office.
YOUNG lady, thorough musician, wishes a sit-
uation in refined family to give dally piano
Instruction for board and room; owns piano.
Box 827. Call offlce.
WASHING, ironing, housecleaning by the day.
»1 80. ANNA BROWN. 3488. Eighteenth st.
A WOMAN wishes to assist with oooking and
housework. Call at- Woman's Union, 7 Van
Neas am. near Market it.
FIRST-CLASS cook for boarding-house or first-
class family. 606 Minna st.
COMPETENT young lady, quick and accurate
with figures, good penman, typewrltlst, de-
slrea position. Box 1826. Call. . .
WANTED— Position as housekeeper; good plain
cook; or take care -cf invalid. 6 Elizabeth
place, off Folsom Bt., between 3d and 4th.
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation as
I working housekeeper; no trlflers. Box E21.
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged German
widow as working housekeeper or light house-
wcrk in small family. ISOSyj Deviaadero st.
GOOD reliable woman desires work by the
day; good laundress. Box 819, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a home with
a small family: willing to assist around the
house. Box 818, Call offlce.
COMPETENT nurse, kindergarten graduate,
wishes to take charge of children in private
family or kindergarten; German and English.
1 Address Kindergarten, 1253 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— A situation as maid or chamber-
j maid or seamstress: thoroughly experienced;
French -woman; references. Call or address
1S6 Tenth st.. near Mission.
WANTED— Family washing and Ironing to do
at home. 611 McAllister st.
SEAMSTRESS wishes to eo in families to sew,
75c per day: hours 8 to B. 14 Capp st.
YOUNG woman wishes any kind of work by
the day. Address C. H.. 4 Falmouth at.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes situation as
working housekeeper for gentleman or wid-
ower; with references. MISS COLLINS. 905H
Valencia st.
GIRL; general housework and cooking. Call
Monday momlr.g bet. 9 and 12 at 2C21 Scott st
RELIABLE woman wishes day work. ' washing,
. ironing and housecleaning. 519 Eighth St.,
Oakland.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation as cook or to
do housework In small family !n city or
country: wages $25. Please call at 221% Clara
st., Monday.
BORROW money of the respectable and reli%-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes position to
do second work in city; wages 525* Apply at
266 Tenth st-, Swedish Baptist Church.
EXPERIENCED nurse, city references, desires
situation; Invalid, mental or nervous cases.
Box 84". Call office.
WOMAN wishes position as housekeeper; city
preferred. 998 Market Bt.
POSITION as stenographer and typewriter; ex-
perienced. Address L. S., 2600 Folsom Ft.
A NEAT youngr lady wishes a position as
cashier in restaurant or bakery or lady's
maid. 4 Vernon place, oft Hawthorne St., be-
tween Folsom and Harrison. ' '
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a position to
take care of a child or infant; reference if re-
quired. Box 862. Call office.
POSITION by commercial graduate as stenog-
rapher, assistant bookkeeper and typewriter.
Address D., 1941 Mission st. .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to Jl BO night. SI 60 to $0
week: convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has beea established ; at 1094
Valencia at. -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
NURSE and attendant, German, wants posi-
tion with Invalid gentleman physically or
mentally , afflicted. HENRY - FICirTNER,
IOCS Mission st. / ¦
, GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desires steady
. position. Address H. KIEHL, New Atlantic
Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave.
EXPERIENCED wrapper, packer, stock clerk,
. collector, bill clerk, bookkeeper; office work
preferred; quick to learn; good references:
have a few letters; age 20. Address box
838, Call offlce. '
WANTmp— A gentleman of address and busi-
ness experience desires a position: amount of
salary not important. Box 902, Call offlce.
WANTED— Work In grocery or general mer-
chandise store by voung man; speaks English
. and German. Address box 828. Call offlce.
CARPENTER, experienced, desires work; is a
good repair man and Is a practical house
painter; middle-aged, : single, steady habits;
hau good outfit of tools; wining. to go any
place outside of San Francisco; price mod-
erate. Box 824. Call offlce.
SOBER young man, handy with tools, wishes
situation on eome private place in the couxw
try; best of references. . Box 822, . Call offlce.
GERMAN druggist with best of ¦ references
wishes some kind of a situation. Box 809.
Call offloe.
TOUNG man wants position as bookkeeper,
clerk or any kind of offlce work; one and a
half years' experience; must have work. Box
808. Call office/ .
SITUATION by young - colored man as
waiter or porter; will call. Box 807, Call.
UOO, 000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE} HARRIS. 16
Grant ave. . ...-.
SALESMAN, experienced in wholesale grocery
line, desires position in that or good specialty,
line; city or suburban towas; good references.
Box 876, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by good cook and baker
and all kinds of smalls; strictly sober; good
references; city or country, hotel or boarding-
houBe. Box $42. Call: :
STEADY, young man of 23 would like Job of
driving a small dairy route in country "town;
can milk. Address room 6, 409^4 Twelfth St..
Oakland. '
-ERIGHT young man wishes a position with
some firm as clerk, copyist ¦ or collector: A
No. 1 references. Address box i 851. . CalL
SITUATION wanted by . coachman from th«
East: fully understands .the care of fins.
horses and carriages. Box 852. Call offlce.
WANTED— By - a middle-aged man, employ-
ment as night watchman or: shipping clerk •
bonds If required. :>J Box ; 848. Call , offlce. ,
NO. 1 bookkeeper and offlce man. long business
' experience, good references, is open for Doai-
tlon at once.- Box 875. Call office.
BY r - a ' sober man. : situation as
watchman. • porter/ or ..work in store; ' bonds
--and references rurnished.- M-.-JOftTiVslencla.
ias FxtAjrcraco cauu
ECSINEfifl CPTTCT of Tne Saa Frsadsco
Call corner of Market aad Talrd etreeU; ©pea
BTJtli a o'olock every nicbt la the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
I corner Clcy; opea until »:80 p. xa.
Stt> Hayes street; opea until I:S9 p. m.
CSS McAllister etreet; open tmtll S:29 p. t_
CIS Larkln street; cpen until t:8» p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. ra.
-*CT Market street, ccmer 61xteeaU« opea
L--.il t p. ra.
JC« Eleventh etreet: <s>en tintn • p. xa.
ZVA Valencia street; open until f p. xa.
Northwest corner Twenty-second e_a K*a-
tucky ftpeets : open until > p. m^
CUCUCH SERVICES.
ET PAUL'S Church. C&llforaia St. near FU1-
nore Rev. W. Maxwell Reilly. rector; Rev.
A. Chalmers WUson. assistant— Holy Com-
munion. 7:30 a. m.; Sunday school. 9:« a. m.;
inorr.l&g service, sermon aad oonfirm&tioa
eervlc*. 11 o'clock, preacher, tiie Rt Rev. Wil-
liam Ford Nichols, D. D., Bishop of Call-
lorni*. Children's Christmas festival service,
3 p xa ¦ monthly choral evensong, 7:45 o'clock.
The Chrietinas music will be repeated at
these eervloee. Dally service, 10 a. xn.
CT ALBANB Dplscopal O.urca m«eu every
Sunday at Goldea Gate HalL C2S Sutter st
llomicg *«-vice at 11:1S o dock. Sunday
school at 10 a. xn. Christmas festival this
(Sunday) evening at 7:S0 o'clock. All are
cordially Invited. .
•TRINITY Church, corner Bush aad Gouga sts.
The Hev. Frederick W. Clampett D. D.. reo-
lor. Iloly communion, S a. m. Morning ser-
vice 11 o'clock, evening prayer, 4 o'clock.
Friday services at 11 a. m. Special musical
Peervl ce Bunday. December £0; 1*00. 7:46 p. xa.
FIRST Cocfirecatlonal Church, corner Post
er.d Mascn sts. — Ber. George C. Adams. D. D.,
ptistcr, srtU preach at both services. At 11
a. ia , theme, "Gifts Ttat Endure"; at 750
p ta. theme. "The PHaise cf Long Life."
All are cordially invited. j
liOIVAIU) Preebyterian Church. Oak and
Baker e:s.— Rev. J. S. Thomas, pastor. Sua-
day school at P:33 o'clock. Morslng service at
11; subject, "The Natural and the Spiritual."
Clirirtian Endeavor Meeting at 8:4S o'clock.
I Evening- service at 7:45; subject, "CSirtst Mis-
interpreted." Midweek meeting Wednesday,
7:45 p. m. All are Invited.
CALVA&Y Presbyterian Church, Y. M. C. A.
building. Mason and Ellis sts.— Rev. John
iiemphill. D. D., p_stor. will preach at U
a. m. tui 7:£0 p. in- Chrf-tmae eon? service
will be repeated in the mcrnlng; a&thetas and. I
rolos by the choir. Tour.g men's senrt-je la j
-the evening; topic. "Resolutions for the New J
Onturv." Sabbath school and Mr. John-
StOSfa Bible clase at 12:30 o'clock. Christian
Endeavor meeting, 6:30 p. ra. First Wednes-
day evening meeting of the twentieth cen-
tury at 8 o'clock. Strangers cordially wel-
comed. Come aad receive a blessing.
END of the century services will be held to-
£ay ct Blaipson Memorial Methodist Episco-
pal Church, comer of Haye6 and Buchanan
Ets. P.ev. Jcha Stephens, the pejBtcr. will
preach it 11 a. a oa "Twentieth Century 1
<-crta!ntles" and at 7:S0 p. n_ on "Is Chris-
tianity Dying Out?" Watch nifVit s*rvice on
Monday at S:SO o'clock. Addresses by laymen.
The pastor a&d Bishcp ¦ Hamilton. All 14-
vited. '
FIRST Church of Christ Scientist Central
block. 2£J Butter rt.. between Kearny st- and
Grart eve.— Christian Science Bible le«s»n at
11 a m.; subject "Christian Science." Baa-
£ay school fcr children at the came hour.
Wednes<lay evening meetings at b o'clock.
l->ee readiEK-room. -J06 lieamy st, room £10.
All are welcome.
6EVENTH-DAY Advect_t Church, S14 Lag-una
Et. between McAllister ana Golden Gate ave.
— Preachlrjr this evening at 7:13 o'clock by the
raster. Elder J. O. Corliss; subject. "The }
Mission er.d Power of the Holy Ghost." A f
cor-eiai invitation Is extended to all. Setts ;
JI^L —
THE First Mental Science Temple meets in j
Go'.Sea Gate Hall at U a. ra. Intereetlag and j
Instructive discourses on mental eclence sub- |
lects by lecturers of ability ax;d note. Public
Sr.vitea. Admi-sion free. Annual meeting
end election of lecturer and officers. All
members trill rlf^se attend.
THE Theoswhacai Society— Public lecture to-
r.icht In Of.d Fellows' building. "The Possi-
bllitiea <rT the New Oentury," by Mrs. M- C.
licli.
M.EETIXGS — SUXDAY.
IX>R_ J. r>_P_\V ICEKQAN lectures this evening !
en • "Looliins; Forward," at Crystal Hall.
Pythian Castle. 109 Market rt., followed by j
ir.ar-iSeent views cf a visit to Scotland, i
Fr»-e seats. No collection. _ j
BEKJAMZM FAT MIL_?— The brilliant orator
¦will l<»ctrr» to-nlgiit at Metropolitan Teznple
en "The Wonderful Century," before the
ru.h;cal Institute. 7:45 o'clock. Public Invited.
Beats free.
JLME. YOUNG'S test drcle to-night 605 Mc-
Allister et. ; lC«c; watch meet, to-morrow eve.,
Neptune Wigwam, Webster-st sta., Ala., 10c; t
prophecies given for 13C1; come, skeptics.
A— DR. RIXES' Spiritual Eodety. fO» Market
«.— 13. free; 2-8, 10c; Mrs. Vitears, Beeley,
_eKtear; all t#FtF; other*; ail welcome.
JOHN FLATEn, test sepjice to-night 8:1S sharp, j
hall 909 Market st— Tests, messages, ques-
tions answered; ateiesion, 15c.
AT V.Tii_.ey Ka'.l to-night. 1164 O'Farrell. near
Franklin, teets and questions a—Sirered by
Mrs. J. J. WUtXxaey. medium; 10c; Ellis cars.
KATIE IIEUSSMAN-B test circle to-night and
Friday evening; 25c. 154 Bus*, off Howard,
between Sixth t_d Seventh; sittings daily.
IiE.fi. EVAN'S' circle to-day, I and 8 p. m., 10c; j
watch nisht Monday eve.; test circle. 108 tth. ;
C. V. MILLER'S materializing eeanee to-r.igtt. !
i o' clock: SOc. VM Bush St.. nr. Leavenworth. J
MRS. BTODDARD'S truly wonder_:l teets. 16c;
Tues.. Thurs-. Sun., £ p. m. ITS Sth; cit. daily.
_3_. Harland's teet meeting to-night, 10c; cir- j
cl«. vratch mmir.g Monday eve. 148 Sixth, j
SIRS. BIRD. ISS Taylor Ft.; meeting to-nirht; j
test to ail; also Tuesday and Thursday eve's. >
!W. G. K__GAN hoi 2s a seenc* every nlpht ex- j
eept Eaturday; l^c. US Sixth St.. 24 floor. .
EDTVAKD EARLE, seance to-_E*.t. SOo Tay- i
SHEETINGS— Universal Brotkerliood. j
THEOSOPmCAL Society. SIS Market et— Lec-
ture to-night. "The 1_vit.jj and the Dead." by
H. Mor-gee.
MEETKVG XOTICES.
ORIENTAL Encampment No. £7, I. O. *v >S I
O. F. — Officers and members: You are \/^ i
notifled to assemble in Encampment ]
Hall, MONDAY, at 1:30 p. m.. to at- r V, j
tend the runeral of our late Patriarch, J. K.
WETBUBN. F- "W. DERBY. C. P.
ITtTREKA Benevolent Association — The annual '
meeting of the members of this association
.will b-? held tit their office. 43« O*Forr»U St.,
THIS DAY (Sunday), December 30. 1S00. at
10:30 s. m. The annual reports of the officers
will be subcUtted and such other business
transacted as will come before the meeting.
By order MEYEK H. LEVY. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hyfireullo
proceis !r.->m John Coeta et al.. In the Lady's
Canon Mlr.e, near Elerra City, Sierra Co., to
deposit taillxigs In worked-oct pits: from V»". B.
Dudley et al., in the Dudley Placer Mine,
near North Colutr-bla, Nevada Co., to deposit
tailings la a worked-out pit; from the Eagle
Gold Mining Co., In the Relche! Claim, near
Mountain Ranch. Calaveras Co.. to deposit
tailings In Murray Creek, and from the _tn-
«ry Oold Mining aad Water Co., la the Rose
Hill Mine, near Mountain Ranch, Calaveras
Co., to deposit tailings in Murray Creek, gives
nolle* that a meeting will be held at room M,
Flood builCltut:, San Frandsoo, Cal., oa Jan-
uary 14. 1V01. at 1:?.S p. xn.
SPTtlNG Valley Water Works— Annual Meeting
—The annual meeting of the stockholders of
the 8prlr.g Valley Water Works will be held
at the office of the company. No. lit Stock-
ton street, Saa Francisco. California, at 12
o'clock M.. en WEDNESDAY, the Uth day
cf January, 1SC1, to elect trustees to serve
lor the ensuing year and for the transaction
of cuch other business as may come before
the meeting. Can Franelseo. California.
PELHAM W. AME3. Secretary.
CHii annual meeting- of the stockholders of the
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco, Cal.,
will be held at it- braking house, S01 Mont-
gomery St.. Ean Francisco, Cal.. on TCES-
DAT. January 8, 1*01. at 3:15 o'olock p. ra., !
for the election cf directors to serve for the
csralng year a&d the transaction of such ,
ether basinms as may come before the meet-
lac. GEO. GRANT. Cashier.
San Francisco. December I. 1900. ¦ j
UOItROW oa diamonds: nerfect secrecy; prt- |
vate entrance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av.
ADOPTION.
A GOOD home opea for girl or boy baby. Add.
Mrs. Dr. Fucke. 141« Eighth St.. Alameda.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. S27 Mark-* St.. 6th floor, room C2T
— Krtiites. damages, attachments, bankruptcy.
collection-; all case-; fair fee; no advance
ctarse-; loans oa estates. Tel. Howard 1SC7.
ADVICE Iree; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without euccess: collections. G. W.
HOWE, etty et law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktoa.
FRANK W. SMITH; mining and probate law a
epeclalty. Mills big., r. 8, 4th flr.; tel. Red SclC
AIjVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
V.'. DAVIDSON, K7 Market St.. opp. Mason.
'_ KDW. JARRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third aad
I'crket et-. : phone Red E2£3-
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. «7 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
IS pages. In mam>ei t tor jnalllag. |X per year, j
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
ENGINEER and 'machinist 1 wants position as
- engineer; * young * man: • references. Address
. ¦ - M. , A. B.. box; 864, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED offlce man wishes situation as
¦ bookkeeper, accountant or other; offloe work;
security given if wanted. A. B,. box 722. CalL
JAPANESE : strong- ' boy - wants situation as
chamber-worker . or plain cook; willing to
work. S..R.. box 839, Call offlce.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions : has been established - at 1003
Valencia st . ¦ .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offloe. 2200 FUlmore st
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned aad - renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FBATHER FACTORY. «44 Stevenson st
FLATS TO LET.
A SUNNY flat: 4 rooms and bath; good eondl-
tlon; $14. Si Langton st. near Seventh.
A SUNNY upper flat of 4 rooms; good coadl-
tlbn; $10. 118 Perry at. Bear Third.
ELEGANT. upper flat 7 rooms and bath; rea-
sonable. 123 Fair Oaks, near Twenty-third.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN A HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
SIXTH. BS8A— Nice upper flat 6 rooms, bath.
yard, rear entrance; rent $u. ¦
114— NEW flat; 4 large, sunny rooms; water
free. 22 Eumner St.. off Howard, nr. Eighth.
$11 B0— UPPER flat 4 rooms; lower flat $9 M.
129 Ivy ave.. corner Van Ness, nr. Hayes st
4 FLATS to let; rent $10. $». 14-14% Bruce"
plaoe, off Folsom. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
|7— 4-ROOM flats oa Victor st. oft Bryant bet
7th and 8th. . Inquire at grocery, 941 Bryant
PLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
A^-FURNISHED 1 flat 4 rooms, complete for
housekeeping; -warm belt of Mission; bath,
gas; piano if desired; $20; cars pass door.
161 Chattanooga st, corner Twenty- third.
ELEGANT completely furnished B-room flat
for 6 months; no children. 526 Ellis st
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $4S 40, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
FOR sale— New furniture of seven-room flat;
must sell at once. S30 Ellis et.
FOUR rooms; complete; in good condition;
cheap. 444 Jessie et, near Sixth.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for sale cheap; rooma
for rent cheap; no dealers. 128A Eighth st
FURNITURE to private parties; almost new;
call hours 9 to 11 a. m. 3570 Seventeenth st
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1136 Market st; tel. Jessie 781.
TO receive highest value for fur., carpets, etc, |
see W. E. CODY. 757 Mission, tel. Red 3353. i
A. WOLLPERT. 77S Mlsalon St. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln; tel. Polk 691;
furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
HELP WASTED— FEMAXEL
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, country hotel, $25: head wait- |
ress, institution. German preferred, $25; 2
waitresses, south. $20, free fare; 2 waitresses,
Fresno. $20; 2 waltreeses. Salt Lake City, $20,
fare advanced; 2 waitresses, Arizona, $20,
free fare; waitresses for Gait, Lathrop, Co-
lusa, Marysville, Petaluma, Oroville, $20 each,
many free fare; 6 waitresses, city, $20; 2
chambermaids to watt, $20 ;....
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
' House girl, north, 2 in family, $30, see party
here; house girl. Alameda, $20; middle-aged
German woman as housekeeper. $15, north,
itee party here; 30 house girls, 5 second girls,
nurse girls. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104
Geary »t.
BCRUB woman for drygoods store, $1 day;
also woman for cleaning Institution, $20 and
found. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary St.
A— WANTED
A waitress for institution to take charge of
children's dining-room; $25, board, room and
laundry. W. D. EWER & CO., 810 Clay st
FIRST-CLASS skirt fitter for fine tailoring es-
tabllshment ; good salary; steady position.
Box 835, Call offlce.
WANTED— A bright, self-reliant woman with
fair education; $45. Address Proprietor, box
820. Call office.. , .
GIRLS at St. Nicholas Laundry. Seventeenth
and Folsom sts.
WANTED— A girl to assist In light housework.
634, Sutter St. . - .._,¦,-.„-
GIRL to assist in general housework; wages
$16. Call 2106 Bush st <- : -^
McDOWELL oystem of dresscutting acknowl-
edged the world over to be the best even In
Paris, the center of fashion. Read the fol-
lowing letter:
Dear Sir:
I beg to Inform you that the McDowell sys-
tem received the highest award and medal for
dresscutting systems at the Paris Ex. of 1900.
It -was the only system exhibited by the U. S.
and in competition with French systems and
» others from all over the world received the
only medal In the entire exposition accorded
any system for cutting ladles' garments ex-
clusively. Congratulating you on your suc-
cess, I am
Yours truly.
Sept 4th, 1000. JOHN H. McGIBBONS,
Director of Exploitation.
Buy the McDowell system, succeed in busi-
ness and make money. Beautiful holiday offer
to those enterinR before January 15. McDow-
ell Dressmaking and Millinery School, 1019
Market st.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds,
paintings; secrecy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant av.
- A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
OPERATORS on underskirts, waists, lawn
hat3 and caps; also two tuckers; steady work.
BAUER BROS. CO., 21 Sansome St.
WANTED — Dressmaker; roust understand fit-
ting of tailor suits and waists; pleasant,
sunny rooms. Box S46, Call.
GIRL wanted— Girl to do plain cooking; watrea
$20. 1511 Larkln st.
WANTED — An experienced chocolate dipper at
14S Fourth st.
SEWING Machine operators wanted at I_vl
Strausa & Co. 'a overall factory, S2ft Fremont
tt. Apply to MR. DAVIS. >
* I
THREE or four young ladles of good address;
salary • and commission. CURTIS PUBLISH-
ING COMPANY, 59 Columbian building, olty.
WANTED— A lady for housework; good home,
fair pay to right party; call after J p. m.
; 118 Taylor st, - -
WANTED — Girl photo printer. Address box
866, Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1938
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— SfURRAY & READY... .....Phone Mala O43
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
.......... WANT IA, M. MONDAY^!.......
Plasterer, see boss here; cabinetmaker, city,
steady plaoe; 4 farmers, same ranch, steady
Job, . $26 and fd. : farmer and wife; boys to
learn trades; boy for country store; 150 wood-
Choppers and tlemakers. tools and provisions
furnished, fare paid for tlemakers, MUR-
RAY A READY. 634-6S6 Clay st.
A— CH_F cook for grill, good wages; S grill-
room waiters: 8 waiters, hotels and restau-
rants, . $30 and $40 and fd. ; dishwasher for a
mine; second baker, country shop, $30 to 135
and fd. ; baker, $14 week; 8 cooks, $30, $35
and $40: ; night cook, JS week. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st
A— WANTED ...;.....
8 terra cotta pressers for factory near city;
; steady work and good wages. W. D ETWEK
& CO.. 610 Clay st . ¦ c *"-
A— 13 ROUGH carpenters (young men), 1 brick-
layer, 1 tinner, 1 ehaper hand, 3 bench hands.
t cabinetmakers; all non-union. Mechanics'
Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny st, room
•; no offlce fees. - ' ¦ TWiriwWftBriiffllli ImJJKM
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
free employ, bureau: only recog. union bar-
bcrs. 115 .Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. Leas, sec.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment H. Bernard, Sec., 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
HOW 'TO OBTAIN .1
A COMPETENCY IN ' TH_
BUSINESS OF LIFE INSURANCES.
Address'JNO. I.: D. BRISTOL,
No. ¦ 1 Madison • Avenue,
. New York ; City.
MAN. of ability to canvas- and collect. Apply
•¦ Monday, 8-9 or 6-6, REINDERS, rooms 17-19,
.'Donohoe building. : ¦ -~ <
.WANTED-C00 jnen to jro on ' the stage. : . Apply
stage door Alhambr* Theater, U _ xa. to-dajr.-
LOST A1TO FOPJTP.
LO6T— A passbook with the Hlberala Barings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, la the
name of JOHN MURRAY. No. 2S6-1288. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Tuesday, rtny, diamond and emerald
setting; reward. 933 Ellis st
LOST— December 23, between Danver aad Ninth
sts., on the line of the Saa Mateo road, an
amethyst ring. Reward at 4419 Seventeenth.
$23 REWARD for return of gray horss, about
14 hands high, weixh* about 1400 pounds. 2ti
San Jose road. bet. S and 7 mile house.
110 REWARD— Lost small Chihuahua, dog; had
on collar and tas; tag No. 1121. Return to h".
G. DANERI. 601 Sutter st.
LOST— Saturday afternoon, gold brooch. 4-leaT
clover, with single opal Betting, valued as a
wedding gift; liberal reward for return. MRS.
A. LASSKR. 1223 High St. Alameda. . -
LOST— Lady's gold watch; M. M. B. mono-
gram; Mexican cola fob; liberal reward. Box
341, Call offlce.
LOST— Black and white greyhound bitch, lie-
turn to 81 Fourth st. and receive reward.
LOST— $25 reward: diamond screw earTins; be-
tween Mission and town. Return S374 Uta st
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbemla Savlags
aad Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MARY J. McCONAHY. No. 172-14C3.
The finder will please return to bank.
ANY old thing; also diamonds, sealskins: ooney
on them; private entrance; perfect secrecy.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
FOUND — A yacht; owner can have sain* by
proving property and paying expenses. Ia-
qulre at 612^ Eighteenth st.
JUTnillO.MAL.
ALL gentlemen wishing to marry wealthy sead
10c for lat<»°t ll-t. MR3. HKRTZ. 70» Eills »t.
MEDICAX-
DR. G. W. CDONNELL, moved to 1013 Market,
opp. Sth: world-renowned ladies' specialist;
safe, reliable; practiced ia San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully; •
treatment can te ued at hozce; consultation
free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 897 Market st, cor. Sixth—
fc'afe and reliable ladles' physician; treatment
$5; positive cure guaranteed; when others fail
consult. fr*e. MRS. PR. KOHL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yr».'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
offlce. $5; any ailment ; home for patients; ooa-
sult free. »_ Post st. bet Hyde and Larkln.
DR. AND MK3. DAVIES. 1223 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 82 years' practice; positive cur*
guaranteed; ladies treated caa return saraa
day: HINDOO HERB home cure: stamps dr.
DRS. GOODWIN. *1007H Market, expert oa dis-
easea of women; 15 years' practice la S. V.. a
cure guaranteed: $S at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see tres.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 10S5 Market— Ladies spe-
cialist: safe aad sure cure. $3; best care; low
feee; when all others fail consult free.
LADIES' Home Remedy Co.. 212 Kills st Prt- *
vate diseases of womsn; satisfaction guaran-
teed or money refunded; sanatorium.
DP, WISB. the ladles' specialist. HIS Mmrta K at.
DR. POPPER, specialist for J7 years for tenmle
troubles. 823 Kearcy it ; call and see too.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles' specialist: boms
for patients. KM Eddy st
DR. ' KG TOY KTTR cures disease by herts;
advice free. 704 Sacramento St.. near Kearny.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SAL. .
BOILERS, Engines. 2d-haad machinery. 9fs»
INTOSH & WOLFJIAN, 183-137 Freiaoa* ft. j
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcasaa, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand!
S3 complete outfits on one floor, TWdy taadei
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017, 1019. 10S. 1028 Mission st.
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand now typewriter for tS down acd
$3 per inonth; wrtte for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 40» California
st.; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A PURE white solitaire diamond shirt stud
welshing 1 karat for only STS: is a bargain at
$125. UNCLE HARRIS. IS Orant ave.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear* machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear st
SOME- nice furniture aad musio tor sale very
reasonable. Call 7 to S p*. xn. at 1240 Batter
st; no dealers.
A BEAUTIFUL pair cluster diamond and tur-
quoise screw earrings for $120: any store la
this city will charge $173 for them. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Ora_t ave.
FOR sale— Aa automobile; good as new; oost
SS50; will take TOO for it Write to GEO. A.
ALDRICH, care PostoCce.
BICYCLE— Gent's 1900 model, high grade: 2-
xncet new; very eheap. Box SIT. Cul office.
Al HOMING pigeons in lota to rait; prices rea-
sonable. 2041 Linden et, Oakland.
$150 ETIALSKIN jacket to be sold for $40. _1
Third st
GAS engine, one hors«power, $75; caa be seea
at work. Shirt Store. 5£> Valencia it
BAKER'S portable sand oven tor sale eheaa.
BLU1TS Confectionery. Pol_ and Butter sta.
A— lOO-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont st
CANARY birds* choice songsters, 1377 Mica*
St.. near Fifteenth.
CHEAP — Aermotor windmill and two **¦">•» P.
O. box 214, Ban Rafael. .- \ <
PATENTED bandages for sale. Box 150; Call
efflce. '
A 2-STORY cottage at SIS O"FarreU it. to bi
removed. Apply 13 Grant ave.
2D-HAND steam, gas, oil, water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White. SIS Mission.
BLUE -rum piles for sale. Apply PAUL KBY-
8ER. 20« Clay St.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-har.d. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines aad
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfs. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, void, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire aad burglar
proof safe. 21S California st
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st
MAGIC lanterns, new and M-han<J; movirar
pictures. BULLARD _ BRECK. in Post st
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WA5TS. ~
TOTING refined csuple (no children) wtsa to
have use of uprtcrht piano for storag«| will
pay small rent Box 814. Call offloe.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bocgfct A
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom;. tel. Folsom 1131.
W ANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHBAD. 1710 Market t ¦
MONEY TO LOAX
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages ................
Interest la Estates ...—.....
......Undivided Inter-it in Real Xstats
Financial problems of all aorta ind rises
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. CO Market.
A-MONET to loan at rate* which people can
aCord to pay on furniture, piano*, eta; 4o
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms i and 10. 90s Market st
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st 2d and Id mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
. lay; get my terms before doing business else-
wn>ra. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. i.
ANY proposition, any amount; « per cent; first,
secoad mortgages, estates In probate, Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, diattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18. _t floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN * OLBEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 84S Market
St.; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
ON furniture, pianos, no removal, or any other
security; quick; lowest rate: easy terms: no
brokerage; private, reliable parties. 1170 Mar-
ket St.. room, 83.
A— KOO.000 on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel raort-rages; notes and collat-
eral si J. BROWN STONE, 11 Montgomery tt
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 SlxtV.
highest price for old gold, silver, diamond.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furnitor*. etc. ;_
no removal, no commission; strictly conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory *Ug.. 301 Jores.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
tlOO.OCO TO loan on real estate or for bulldlnj;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sansome. rm. 1
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan.
THE TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
Z% en furniture and pianos; J15 up: no removal;
- no commission; private. Room St. 6 Eddy st
LOANS, 1st or 2d migs. ; clty.country: 6%; undi-
vided lnta. : estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S 8alary Loan Co.. S« Parrott build-
ing; men ean secure loans os personal aotes.
MONEY to loan ob foraltnre by private party,!
-low-ratC i*.«te__L»%,JR_«|-V _-••
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
••¦¦ ''¦¦¦ ¦¦'"' ¦¦¦¦¦' '¦"¦-¦
BOARDING & lodging house; 40 rooms; doing
fine bar trade: cheap; sold on account of sick-
nesa. PATTERSON. 11 City Hall square.
LODGING house and restaurant la Stocktoa;
good for maa and wife. Address JOHNMo-
KINSEY, 647 West Market st. Stockton.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice In all affaire of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
xnlnlns a specialty; clrs. Sun.. .Wed., Fri.ev's:
come and be convinced. Permanently located
613 Eddy st. bet Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
EARLE, 305 Taylor st. corner Ellis— Sittings
dally; seance Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium.
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st .
FRTENDSHD? Hall, S35 McAllister— Mrs. C. j!
Meyer, sittings dally; tests to all to-night; lOo.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium.
life reader, med. clairvoyant 1184 CFarrsU.
C. Mayo-Steers. 112% Oak. trance medium;
readings. $1; hours. 1-5 p. m.: tel. Howard 617.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ISMAR THE GYPSY T~
ISMAR the Egyptian Gypsy draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; napplness a&d suc-
cess co hand la hand, yet hundreds tail where
success Is possible were it not for a lade of
foresight Into the future. If you are In trouble
of any kind, 'discontented, unhappy or not
satisfied In Ufa. consult ISMAR, for she is a
prophetess of world-wide fame and her name
has become a proverb in thousands of homes
made happy by her aid aad advice.; ISMAR
can be consulted dally from 11 a. m. to S
p. m., Sundays by appointment only, at her
office, 1148 Market st. opp. Sixth. Full life
reading by mail. $5. ISMARTS office will be
closed oa New Year's day. '
HUB. K M. DUVAL,
216 KBARNY ST.. ROOMS S-tt.
Late of Loe Angeles.
MRS. DUVAL Is a natural born clairvoyant
end business medium. She tells your past,
present and future Ufa. diagnoses diseases,
cores deafness. ¦ etc. If there are obstacles la
the path of your life she caa tell you how
to overcome them and how to avoid them.
MRS. DUVAL has practiced successfully la
Los Angeles for the past nine years for all
the principal business people, as well as those
In the highest society, aad still has patrons
there, to whom she will continue to give her
valuable advice.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, tho well-known tranoe
medium, is permanently located at 1204 Market
rt. corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
24 1 take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
THE Quaker medium, clairvoyant and palmist;
IB years experience- her knowledge of the un-
seen forces is Invaluable to professional and
businesa men. to wive* and lovers; follow ber
advloe and you will make no mistake. 1104
Market st., comer Mat-on, room 23.
A— Mrs. Dr. Baylor, queen of olalrvoyants and
palmists: Important advice on mining: specula-
tion^ business, law; evil influence removed;
fee ftOc, mail tl 1BU^ Market opp. Van Ness.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 60c:
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit $1 60. 128 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. .17 Third St., next Examiner.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 114S Market opp.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m, to 6 p. m.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant and
wator reader. 11' Sixth st; German spoken.
MRS. BROWN, scientific card reader; readings
daily. 109 Fifth St.. room S.
MME. ECHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 44SH Jessie Et. •
MME. ZEREDA, the grypey, is the gr«at palm-
ist and card rearder; 25c. 7 Seventh st
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c 1149 Mission.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL.. clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny et. rooms 8-10.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; n&mes given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
BORROW on diamonds; secrecy: private en-
trance; private rooms. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. S53-257 Tohama st : tel. South 40.
STANDARD, 312 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 26c per pair: carpets cleaned.
Sc yd; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at 5c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st : tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELI* Carpet-BeaUns and Reno-
vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth st; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 432 Butter st;
tol. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beatlngr Works, S33 Golden
Gate ave. : te!er>hon« East 126.
CARRIAGES AND WAGO5S.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wiccd, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
FOR SALE— Fruit wagon and harness. J30.
NETJMILLER. 19 City Hall ave.
FOR sale — Home, harness and top wagon; a
banraln. 24J Bartlett st
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains: painless rure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
i GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
i lers successful. Room S10. 927. Market st
COTTAGES TO LET.
J8 —HOUSE of 4 rooms, worth $14, in city,
near Holly Park; water free. 64 Silver st.
DEXTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
13 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, J a. ra. tu U p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. See our new
• unbreakable plate, the Kose Pearl, -warranted
for 20 years; crowns, $3 CO; fillings. SOc; plates,
$5, full Bet; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st
EIGHT prises for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret painless method: 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LKEK, 20 O'Farrell st
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from JS per set; extracting,. COc; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 96)
Mission st, cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, COc.
MODERN DENTAL PARLORS, 1206 Market
st; expert extracting, crown and bridgework.
A. L. 8IMPSON. DTD. S.
PARIS Dental Parlor, £36 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, M; crowns, (S; fillings, 26c
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Bun-
daya. 1001 Market it. corner Sixth.
BET of teeth without plates. DR. H. O.
YOPNO. 1841 Polk -t. - • ¦ ¦
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dreoemaklng and Millinery School:
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. _1 Post.over CrConnor _ Moffatt.
EDPCATIOSAL.
EVENING SCHOOL, P. F. BUSINESS COL-
X.-GE. 1236 Market st; Individual Instruction
In bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition tl month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. BAN FRANCISCO BU8I-
N_Sa COLLEGE. 1236 Market »i '
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.— Day
and evening; J8 per month; $S0 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
during the past S months; catalogue free,
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher. . expert court reporter, teacher ; of
rhorthand; reporter lal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50: catalogue.
HEALD"S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post- st.
S. . F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
fruages, telegraphy, English branches. : civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE Mis posl-
tiens guaranteed to it by . written contract
and can therefore . with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. 805 Larkln st
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
- school for the university, law and medical col-
leges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford protesscr. Phelan building. '., . ¦; . .
ATTENTION!— Tan's pupils thorough book-
keeping figures; short time; college graduates
perfected: expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
FRENCHMAN' will irlve lessons; violin' and
; conversation. ANTOINE. . 804 Stockton, r. 8.:
VISITING governess; English branches, piano
and bookkeeping; COo a lesson. Box. 747, Call.
HELP WAITED— MALE.
A-...._ 180 COAL MINERS... -.„_...
....E0 COAL MINERS... ...
:.60 COAL MINERS _...
........FOR GALLUP, NEW MEXICO
............Large Vein.... ..70c a Tea...
Free Fare. Free Fare.... Free Fare
..Gee superintendent in our office January 1..
. ...........Married and single miners."
..Call, wire; write or phone for Information..
C R.-HANSE3* _ CO 104 Geary st
A— CORRESPONDENT familiar with Eastern
and coast trade in Bried and canned fruits,
salmon and general line of provisions; salary
to commence with $125.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
A— FIRST-CLASS head waiter: must be thor-
oughly competent man; one who has been In
business for himself preferred; *1O». Apply
C. R. HANSE3T ft CO 104 Geary st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... Phone Grant 185
..•- RAILROAD WORK
* 20 teamsters, railroad work $2 a day
For State of Nevada Free Fare
25 laborers for company's work. Surf .$1 75 day
Free Fare Free Fare Free Fare
10 tunnelmen, big tunael. Chatsworth Park
$2 a day
Free Fare Free Fare ...Free Far»
1 miners, asphalt mine $3 a day
Coachman aad gardener, private place, coun-
try ...$33
Gardener, private place, country $30
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook — SlOO
Second cook - $¦*>
Head waiter - - $100
6 French and Italian waiters $11 a week
Walter, springs, fare advanced $23 SO
2 waiters, country hotel $30
Colored waiter, country club $36
Colored waiter, country hotel $25
Polisher and starcher. country laundry $60
, C. R. HANSEL _ CO 104 Geary st
L. S. STARR, head cook, please call.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
¦WANTED — Men to learn barter trade complete
from six to eight weeks; tools donated; we
have the only barber college In Southern Cali-
fornia; no side Issue; special discount; don't
be misguided by flowery catalogue or photo-
graphs; we can fflve you references from all \
parts of coast. GORDON Barber College, Los
Angeles.
SALESMEN— To sell Imported and ¦ domestic
liquors, principally fine Kentucky whiskies
and blends, case and barrel gooda. to Jobbers
and saloon trade; good chance to the rljrht
man; salary or commission. R. S. BTRADER
_ 6ON. 74 B. Main St.. Lexington, Ky.
COLORED man to wait at table and learn to
handle coda fountain. BLUM'S Confection-
ery, corner Polk and Sutter sts. ¦
GOOD day cook in a restaurant 1759H Mission
street
BOY wanted to work la printing- offloe. Ad-
dress box S2S, Call.
WANTED— A good cook and lunch waiter at
434 Fifth st.
COOKS to fry oysters. Apply Sunday at 1
o'clock at UVA O'Farrell st
BOYS to work New Year's eve at Pavilion.
Apply Sunday at 1 o'clock. 128% O'Farrell st
BOY wanted to learn drug business. 601 La-
guna st
WANTED — Foreman cake baker. MS Seventh
St.. bet. Myrtla and Filbert, Oakland.
WANTED— Shoe salesmen ;'-.'! ;'
, For the State of California by a lares Bt.
' Louis manufacturer of men's, women's aad
children's shoes. Box 853. Call.
ANY amount to loan, on your diamonds; low
interest - UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
GOVERNMENT positlon»— Don't prepare for
Civil Service examination without Illustrated
catalogue of Information; sent free. Columbi-
an Correspondence College, Washington. D. C.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and
push: good opportunity to right man. F.
PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
FAITHFUL persons to travel; salary $780 and
expenses; no canvassing; Inclose self-adressed
stamped envelope. Colonial Co., Chicago.
A STRONG boy 13 to 15 years old. BAUER
BROS. CO., 21 Sansome st
BILLIARD table and cabinet makern. St Ger-
main Billiard Co., 409 Market st.
AGENT to introduce best thing on the coast
Address Dundee Mfg. Co.. 14 Flood bldg., S.F.
BARBER'S good-paylns 6-chalr shop; central
location; old established place; a bargain.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. E62 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
PROTESTANT boy. about IB, bright and wi'.l-
ing; references. Address box 871, Call office.
WANTED— Man that understands nursery work
and florist business. Call 500 Halght st.
•WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corpa, U.
8. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character, bet-ween the ages of 21 and M; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over • feet
1 inch in height; able to read, write and
speak English. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
St., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — A man who is or has been an en-
gineer or conductor on the 3. P. R. R.; must
be a good mixer; a splendid opportunity for
the right man; must be industrious and am-
bitious; if in doubt address or call upon the
Eyndlcate Company, 6 Market st.
WANTED — 10 good male spinners, wages $1 50
per day. Apply to A. W. R. BERR, super-
intendent Humboldt Bay Woolen Mill, Eu-
reka, Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only elscht
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
inducements; catalogue free. MOLER'3
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
3 runs Denver House. _7 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per nifrht; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Steady man with $200. wishing to
Invest in good offlce busine*8. can make a
frood salary. Box 863. Call office.
BARBER shop for sale. 514 Mission st
WANTED—100 men to take rooms, 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard St.
ALL sizes men's shoea. slightly damaged, half
price. S62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
PENSIONS-J. H. Shepard & Co., old reliable
.firm. SC6 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard st,.
: S. F. Barber School.
i SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green haad3;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- received at Call branch offlce. 2C00 Fillmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscription- has been established at 1096
Valencia st
HEMORRHOIDS.
ANT case of Piles. Piles. Pllea. Piles; or»r 200
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments; no interfer-
ence with business during treatment For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Ktc For S*Ie
- -
FOR BALE „
A perfectly matched team of royally bred
horses, both of the Electioneer family. S aad 7
years old next spring. 1$ hands 3 Inches high.
; beautiful dark bays, with no white; sound and
| gentle, having no bad manners; neither has a
blemish: a better or more stylish team cannot
be found in California. Can be seen at CA3-
SIDY'S, corner of Point Lobos and Twentieth
aves., city; will be sold at a reasonable price
and guaranteed.
FOR sale— Two horses, one business buggy and
harness, 14-paasenger carryall and a 4-horae
brass mounted harness; together or separate-
ly. Inquire dally between hours of 1 and 4
at 2431 Mission St.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. --
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send f ar c!r-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BEST 6-room housa ia city; reat $3. 1553
Kearny st. >S3J8sg_3M__— H
HOUSES TO LET K*trRXISHE_.
PACIFIC ave., 1547— 7 .'rooms, storeroom, bath
lawn. $30; references. Apply mornings. '
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED— First-class apartmeat house; 20 to
SO rooms; newly furnished preferred- no
agents; state terms. Address box 855 'e_i
office. 'wMBHBKnHI '
aYp>oTisa. — —
PROF. RAYMOND-Strtctly reliable" 7 "teaches"
hypnotl-m In five lesson* for $5. 9W Market's"
iyVA^ID CHAIKS AM> TRICYCLES.
BOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eamea trioval*
, Chair. EAME3 TrtcrxdVcC'jToO *__£___'
AGIZSTS WAJVTED.
"WORLD'S Best Orations." edited by Justice
Brewer of the Supreme Court of the United
States, now completed;- "World's Best Es-
says," companion work to above, now being
published; these works are having a phe-
nomenal sale In the East aad ¦will be actively
pushed along new line during 1901 and offer
exceptional opportunities for high-grade so-
licitors, both ladies and gentlemen. Califor-
nia ofnoe, 206 Kearny st, room CCS.
LADIES and gentlemen experienced la selling
a nioe class cf goods to homes; aa entirely
new proposition that sells readily and la a
big money-maker; only solicitors accustomed
to making good incomes wanted: no peddlers.
Box Hi, Call office.
O. C C. DEPILATORY— A harmless liquid for
permanently removing superfluous hair; will
net Irritate, burn nor poUon the taoet deli-
cate ekin; personal demonstrations 'tree;
agents wanted. Ontario Cheta. CtW. agency,
<2t Ells st
SOLICITORS wanted; men or women; good
ealariee warranted; payable either weekly or
monthly; expenses paid. 827 Market, rm. 615.
AGENTS — Do you wact something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or lnsur-
ence? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412. Porrott bldg.
BATH CABINETS; ROBINSON, Niagara, Per-
f ectloa and others. Agsacy, 426 Sills st, S. F.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address in the
United Ftat<?g. roftpald. fcr tl per year.
ASPOAL.TUM ROOFING.
J. PILXJTnzR, asphalt roofinjr. sidewalks re-
palred; portai. _S6 Mieslon; teL Folsom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY— Your prospects for U0L wlta
test sketch of life, by an expert predlotionlst :
tend date of birth, sex and 12c. PROFESSOR
EERANO, box list, Boston. Mass.
! DR. C. TOUSEY TAYLOR. Scientific Astrolo-
ger — Free copy "The New Moon." 765 Market
C S. GREEN sends trial readings tor IS 2-cent
etXLinps. IS04 Market st
A WEEK'S news for Co— The Weekly Call. If
pares, in wrapper, for mailing. II per year.
BUSINESS CIIAACES.
A— CIGAR stand; heart city; must ss_> COW-
INQ & CO., V.9 Market st
A — GROCERY and bar with room*; fins Ioc&-
tlon; good gtock. COWING ft CO., 7U Mkt
j A— PLUMBING shop; big stock; horse: wagon;
sickness. COWING & CO.. 718 Market st
A BASnilY outside town. 2 horses and wwrani,
reot $30, SCO; merchandise business for 11000;
employment agency, doing well, )200; good
paying eaicoa on corner, $2500; delicacy stores, '
country hotels and summer resorts for eale
and rent. EITEL & CARROLL, 1006H, Market.
A — WANTED — A good tenant for grand cor-
ner store and basement with fixtures suit-
i able for grocery business; special Induce*
raents. Apply SPECK & CO.. C37 Market
COFFEE and tea route; over 600 good paying
customers; the business dears 1109 per
month; trial. LANE & CO., 8tt Market st
A— RESTAURANT} dally sales $20; price 8400;
rent J22 £0; fine for maa and wife. MARION
GKIFF1N. 71B Market st. by Call building.
_D ACRES located Kern oil lands at $2 per
acre If taken at once. I want five men with
11000 each to buy producing oil wells and
form eoxr.par.y: ground floor; I am experienced
promoter. Address box SI 2, Call office.
FOR e_e— A first-class hotel containing 40
j rooms, furnished throughout; la running
j order; been open 10 years; on principal street;
j the leading hotel: ber attached; at one of the
j prominent summer resorts, within 3 hours'
ride from Son Francisco. Address for full par-
j t'culors box CS3S, Call office.
i PARTNER wanted Jn wholesale fruit and
produce business; well established: eplendid
opportunity to right party; capital required,
J.VO0 to $4000. Apply P. O. box 251, Sacra-
incnto, Cal.
BAKERY and notion Etore on account of sick-
ness; prica JIO0; 3 living rooms. 29 Zoe St.,
bet. Bryajit and Branna-n. Third 'and Fourth.
FOR SALJ3 — Cheap; restaurant and chop house;
retiring on account of death; must sell this
week; best location; low rent Box 811, Call.
; ON account of dekness owner will sell restau-
j rant in splendid location, first-class condition,
j making money; no agents. Box 516, Call.
| RHEUMATISM, eprains cured; 16 years' experl-
; ence. it 47S-S, Parrott big.. 10-12 m.. 1-3 p. m.
ANY on* Interested in inventions, especially
llfe-6aving, call E. O. C, 75-76 Wilson House.
A— 10 to 15 per cent per month guaranteed on
all investments. Address box S30. Call office.
DOWNTOWN restaurant; bargain if sold Dec
1 21; will trade; no agents. 10S Murphy bldg.
SALOON tor sale. 23 East st
$400— GRAND opportunity for lady or gent; loca-
! tioa perfect; cirarB, stationery, notions. Walt-
| Ing-room, Sd-ave. station. East Oakland.
PARTY with $_00 to take *4 Interest and man-
agement of good paying established business;
fullest inreetlg-ation invited. Box 843. Call.
¦WANTED — Bakery business, city or country;
etore trade business preferred. Box S57, Call.
FOR sale cheap— Candy store and factory;
cause cf sale, sickness. Cll Lorkin st.
RESTAURANT; bargain; paying business;
i cheap rent: good location. 269 Hayes st
| A-PLAY THE RACES—
i 29 to 59 per cent profit monthly en our new
tyetem; call and Investigate. N. a HAND &
CO.. expert handlcappers. suit 12. 34 Kearny.
WANTED— A good man with $400 or J10OO cap-
] Hal to buy livery stable in a first-class euun-
I try town; cheap rent Particulars at 4S
j Eighth st j
j FOR GALE — A good-paying fruit stand. 1B78
| Market st. ; a bargain.
i A— NICE saloon; must be sold; good reason for
! Belling. 170 Seventh St., corner Xo.toir.a.
j RESTAURANT; must sell In two days; party
, i leaving city. Owner. 1S05 Halght st
, j FOR «ale — Small restaurant; cheap; 2 living
rooms. Box 85S, Call office.
' $126— COFFEE saloon, near Market: also res-
j tourant for ?2£0; must sell. Apply &37 Mission.
! j (S50-HALF Interest in Eplendid Job printing
of Gee; eood trade. 402 McAllister st
I ON account of dissolution of partnership will
[ j Bell small, paying restaurant Box 800. Call.
j BAKKRY to let. Twenty-fourth and Guerrero;
, j established six years; good corner; rent cheap.
j po WINS $300 per month at races; references
( given. I Me relation Lyons. Ell Market, r. 4.
. EAKERY— Best location In the city; fine -tore
trade. Address Box 3321. Call office. .
1 CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
' received at Call branch of fice, 2200 FUlmore st.
. A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
r-ub-eriptiona has been established at 10M
Valencia st .
J LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE).
MONET loaned oa lodglnr-houaes. Hi p. o. ;
anything you want in lodging- houses; ¦ r mpls:
. « rooms oa Turk tt rent J27.. Price... WOO
. 7 rooms on Lerkln st rent (40.. Price... $450
K> rooms oa Taylor st rent HO,. Price.. . If-80
. IS rooms on O'Farrell st.rent WO.. Price... JKO
12 rooms oa Mason st rent }S3..Prioe... tZSO
¦ U rooma on O'Farrell St. .rent 165. .Price... J7&0
i It rooms on Turk st rent »65.. Price... 1800
i It room* on Howard St.. .rent S.5.. Price... %VJ>
17 roods oa Taylor et rent £S0.. Price. ..I147S
U rooms on Taylor st rent 175.. Price.. .J1S50
24 rooms on Leav. st rent I12S.. Price.. .J1900
tt rooms on Powell et rent «76..Prioe...$1900
44 rooms on Market et...rent $176.. Price. ..$2100
! More money wanted to lc&a on lodging-
1 houses on 1-3 value at 1 per cent up;
cilt -edge security; no expense to lender.
! For quick sales list your houses with A. L.
• WILLgY. SIC Market St.; phone Black E21B.
| MARION GRIFFIN. TU Market; by Call bid*..
10 rooms, oew fur.; now carpets; famished I
months; real {27 10; best residence part U000
'. 11 room-; rent }40; good carpets; good fur.:
> good location ; owner leaving city fSSO
79 rooms; respectable; clears 81S0 to flS0..)2C00
14 rooms; rent IDS; good location; can be
- bought cheap enough to be refurnished.
, It rooms; respectable; rent {6S; residence.. (1000
( 24 rooms; pood fur; good carpets; best loca-
i tlon; clears {123 per month; extra $2000
40 rooms; elegant: rent 5150; flno 14500
C2 rooms; rent lltZ; good; pays well $3000
• (0 ROOMS; newly furnished; rent tUO $3900
43 rooms: apartment; rent $120: price.... £000
t" rooms; money-maker; near Market.... 1900
I 22 rooms; Market; good location 1000
£0 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn.; extra... 950
15 rooms; Eddy; Just cut; oaly.".... S50
£3 roczes; Market: elegantly furnished... 1850
16 rooms; Leavenworth; rent $57 CO 900
JO rooms. $430; 10 rooms, quick ,350
¦ 20 rooms; detached: handsome yard, with
drive to barn and lease $10 < month, leaving
rent only $G5 inonth; clears $100 month; spe-
j clal snap. FISHER & CO.. 1022 Market st
• R. H. WINSTON & CO., 1028 Market. ~-~
5 17 rooms; cheap rent; only $650
21 rooms; rent JCO; must eell 1000
' 23 rooms; part cash 700
46 rooms; corner: rent J60 -.... 1100
100 rooms; men only; see It iooo
' 27-ROOM boarding-house; north of Market
12 rooms; on Eddy st ¦
1 21 rooms; on Kearny st
See large list of many other bargains at office.
, EMERY & CO.. 3 Eddy st*. rooms 1 and 2. .
i 545— LODGING-HOUSE to rent; Nos, 16 and 18
Steuart. near Market; 13 rooms; well planned
and newly fitted up: money for the occupant
at once. TUTTLE. 630 Market st .
. LAP.GEST list lodging-houses; good bargains;
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARD.
rms. 1-2, 817 Market st, bet Firth and Sixth.THE SAN FBPCISCO ; CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1900.
29
IEWI5G MACHINES AJTD SUPPLI~»-
IMPROVED T-drawer White sewing m»chtn«.
all attachments; perfact order. 119. 1S15 Pol--
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairifig guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 13X5 MUstoa. nr. 13O-
ALL kinds bought, sold, reared, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 106 4th. .
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles asd
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 $th: phone Mlat 1
>LOT MACUlXf-S. *
SLOT machines— Latest «ty!»: $40 each. Ufl
Market st.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
STORAGE AXO WAREHOCgES.
WILSON BROS., storage a_l moving; covered
vans. Teath and Market: phone South 7tl
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. *_ Mission s_:
tel. Main !.«<¦» : shirp'ns; at car rates.
TYPEWRITERS A-fP SUPPLIES.
CR__\Ti_AKOAINa riV~TTPEwiuTERS— W«
sell better machines for less money than any
honse In the city: rentals. *3. The T— >ewrtt«r
Exchange. »35 California; telephone Mala MS.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
119 Montromery st_
DIVID_\D NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTirE-Califcrnla Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts. — For the six months ending
December it*. 1*QG. dividends have been- de-
clared on deposits In the savings deportment
of this company as follows: On term de-
posits at the rate of J (-10 per cent per aa-
num. and on ordinary deposits at the rats of
> per cent per annum, free of taxes, and pay-
abW en and aft«r Wednesday. January -¦
l>0- Dividends uncalled for are added to the
principal and bear the name rate of dividend
as the principal from and after January L
1901. J. PAL—ELL BROWN. Manager.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion, 3_; Eansome st., has fnr the year end-
ing December .1. _>«¦. declared a dividend ot
5 per cent per annum en ¦ ordinary deposit*
and 6 per cent on term deposits.
WM CORBIN. Secretary ¦
DIVIDEND notice— Pecarfty Savings Bank. S3
Montgomery st_. MIUs building— For the *talf-
year ending December 3;. i:--\ dlrldsnds on
term deposits at the rate of three and six-
tenths (3 S-10) _xr cent per annum, and on or-
. tflnary deposits at th« rate of thre* (3) p«r
cent per annum, free of taxes, will be pay-
able on and after January 2. 1 .«.!. •
g._ L. ABBOT JR.. Secretary.
M1PPION Lodge Masonic Hall As—clatlon—
Dividend Xo. 1 of %"¦¦ p»r share has b*e*i
declared and Is pavable on and after
WEDNESDAY. January 2. MM. at the of-
fice of the association. No. r*." Mission St..
Mission Mascnic Temple, San Francisco, Cal.
By order of th» board of directors.
HARTET C. SOMER3. Pr— id— A.
HEXHT C. BUXKER. Seer- tary.
OFFICE of The Hlbercia Savings asd Loan
Society, corner Market. McAllister aad Jones
sts. San Francisco, Dec. 28. 1900.— At a reg-
ular meeting of the Board of Director s of this
Society, held this day, a dividend has b-*>n
deolared at the rate of three and one-eightn
(SH%) per cent per annum on all deposits for
the six months ending Peeember 31. 19f*. fre*
from all taxes, and payable oa and after
January X. 1901.
ROBERT J. TOBI?*. aegretary.
HAVINGS and Loan Soc'ety. Ml Montgomery
St.. corner of Sutter— The Boari of Directors
declared a dividend for the term ending De-
cember 21. 1900. at th« rate ot throe and one-
quarter <2*-.> per cent per annum en all de-
posits, free of taxes, and payable on and aft>r
January I. 1901. Dividends net called for ar»
added to. and bear the same rate of dividend
as, the principal, from and aftar January 1.
lm. CTRC3 W. CARMAN T. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE- Mutual Savings B_x_Tor
fan Francisco. 33 Post r_— For the half year
ending December 31. 1X0. a dividend has be**»
declared at the rate tf thre* (3) per cent per
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Wi1r.e«-1ir. January I. 1941.
GEOROE A. STORY. Cashier.
HV—BOLDT Savings and Loan Society. IS
Geary st. — The directors have decl-red a dtrt-
dend of SH ner cent per annum oo Its de-
posits, payable on and after January I. tsm.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. lit (fifty
cents per abare) of the Oceanic Steamship
Compur will b* payable _t th« office of
tb* company. £7 Market ' s_. on and after
Wednesday. January I. lttL Transfer book*
close on Wednesday. December I*. UM. at i
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secy-
BAN" Francisco Savings Union. E_ California
st.. corner 'Webb. For the half rear endin*
with the Slst of December. 1»"A a dividend has
been declared at the rate per aazra_ of t_r»«
and six-tenths (3 1-10 per cent on terra de-
pceits and three IX) per cest on ordinary de-
posits, free ot taxes, payable on and attar
Wednesday. January I. l»01.
LOVELL w Hi IE, Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice— The German Sartags ani
Lean Society. Ct California, street. For th*.
half year ending with December n. 1900_ a
dividend has bees declared at th» rat* ot
three and c-e-qnarter <3-±> per cent p«r an-
num on sll deposits, free of taxes, payable.
on and after Wednesday. January J, 1301
GEORGE TOCRNT. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVKRTISEMESTS.
THE ptiblle Is hereby Informed that the Cura-
tor of State property will sell at auction, at
Papeete (Tahiti), en t_» 8th of February.
1901, the fine Government schooner "P»t«:t"
of 110 tons burden, with all its saQs and rig-
ging, the whole In excellent condition; th«
opening btd will be 23. COO francs; this vesml
built at San Francisco, tn lS9t. may be- con-
verted lato either a yacht or a merchant ves-
sel at a moderate cost-
_ L—BILIAGE LICENSES.
Th« following marrlax* licenses w-r- U-u<?l
yesterday:
Nicholas Schroeder. 17. 103 Party street, and
Gretehen Weiss. Z3, Stem, Cal
L*ona_rd D. Pugsley. 40t Fort Benton, Moot.,
and Alice Sutherland. Xi. 814 Scott street.
Christian K. Maack. 30. cit-r. and Marr E.
Crosin. ::. Petaluma.
Hans P. Hazsen, }_ Pa_3 Alto, and Sel_a E.
Ingrerscn, J3, 37C2 Twenty-second street.
Frans O. Lor-. XT. West Berkeley, and Hilda
M. Hanntnen. JS. 1SS Clara utreet-
Harry B. Laughlln. 27. Ltvermore. and Mar-
garet A. Kelso. _3. Altamont-
Orren O. Osborne. IS. BakersSeld. aad Ana**?
L. Delaney, IS. 21S Grove street.
Lesa de Ben_r_. 24. 434 Filbert street, and
Adel* M. Thell. 14. S31 Greenwich street-
Louis R. Levy. 24. Ill Hyd» street, and Emma
HofTnian. 23, 112 Hyde street.
Theodore Button. 35, l'r> _Csslcs street, and
Maude E. 'Blanchard. 22. 138 Lnboe street.
John L. Duncan. ST, Tuba City, and Minnie
M. Bole. is. Taba City.
Sven K. Svenaen. S3. 145 Ste-art street, and
Elenda E. Johnson. !5. 2t-» Steuart street.
J. Henry Sieve—. 43. *:i Minna street, and
Mary Pan— trt~_ X!, Oakland.
Wlnfleid S. MeKIUlp. 50. city, and Elisabeth
Harceurt, 44. dty.
Joseph Rivera. U, 1515 Duxwnt street, and
Ignacla Ramldix, 15. 19*» Church avenue.
George A. Albertson. 10. Ocean VI«— . and
Delia HalL K. Ocean View.
BIRTHS— MABRIAGES— DEATHSL
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. Th— • must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and b*
Indorsed with the name and resid-nee cf per-
sons authorized ta _av? the san_ published.
BOBJT.
CARROLL— rr. this city/ December 28. 19W. to
ths wife cf A. S. Carroll, a son.
DREW— la San Rafael. December 23, 1300, to
the wife of John & Dre— . a *->n.
GX'DELJ— In this city. Deeemb— 2». 190**. to
the wife of Elo. J. Gudelj. a daughter.
LAWRIE— In this city. December 10. BOO, to
the wife of James Lawri*. a son.
LEISHMAN— In this cltjr. D—«mber 27. 1300. to
the wifs of Rot— >rt Leishman. a son.
PAGE— In this city. December 23, 19G0. to the
wife of E. F. Page. % daughter.
TREANOR—In this ctty. Decemb-r 15. MOO. to
the wife of Captain William Tt-annr. a »on.
MABBI3-D.
BCSSMAN— CLINE— la this city. December 25.
190O. by the Rev. Father McAullffe. Hermann
Busuman cf Santa Ro**. and Mildred Cline.
WAHL— SCHOENBETN— In this ctty. Decem-
ber 23. EW. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder.
Frtedrtch Wahl and A'J_p:«:e Sctvienhetn.
DIED.
Anderson. I_rs McE.n_ay. OIItIs. a.
Baruch. Morits McNamara. Patrick
Benavttes. Anton* Magul—. Thomas
Bond. Mary O. Macnie. Sarah
Bottcher. Frits Maor-. Stephen
Clapp. E. D. . Mr>rrtson. Ann
Couch. Mrs. M. K. Mulholland. James
Craig. Thomas F. O*Doeaell. GeQrg* __,
Daly. John A. P»terman. JLottle
Dolury. ZUlzabeth Pohler. EMward J.
Edseri. Jacob W. <ju-.it. Louts
Eltzen. Mrs. Carolina Rooney. Francis
Foley. Francis L. Roy. Allan J.
Gllllgaa. Christopher Sandin. Olof
Gilli«p:e. Franii Schmalz. Marian.
Greenwood. William Sheefcy. Margaret
Hautwein. Jacob C. Smith. Jarvls _
Hegehind. Ida W. C. Stone. Brenda M.
Hetherington. Jos. H. Van Pattea. Alb«ri>
Jassieson. Anna A. Walsh. Bertram A.
Kavanach. Eltsaber!. Well. Bertha,
: KannesUly. Bridget Wellhetmer. Atirm
Kramer. Josephine Weyburn. John K.
Leusmaa. Henry White. Patrick
Lynch. Arthur, A. Woodcock Oo. F.
Lynch. Jeremiah
ANDERSON— In this city. December ». tMt.
Lars Andersoa. a native of Norway. ag«d »?
years. BW*^atf3-t***aiWBB>«*^w
CXFriend s and acquaistaxtce- ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend _• ftra«ral to-morrc-
(Monday). at I o'clock, from the mortuary
ehapeJ of the Golden Gat* Undertaking Co_l
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE).
BALDWIN & HOWELL. '
10 Montgomery Street.
$77S0— Rents $72 per month or $S64 per year; a
cafe, sure and solid Investment for your
money; nothing better to be had. We:
apk you to fuily Investigate this prop-
erty. Within 200. feet of the corner of
Sixth and Misfcion ste.;.two prominent
buriness thoroughfares; extra large
"frontage. 42x75. Improvements In first-
class condition, consist Ire of a double
two-story frame house of store and three
Eeparate flats and two rear tenements.
Pays big interest and always rented.
$1500— An exceptional bargain tn a home for a
¦ man of limited means: we offer this en-
tirely new cottage, built to order, con-
taining five rooms and bath; porcelain
sink, cement wash trays, hot and cold
water etc. Note the size of lot, !oxtt3:
double frcntase; will make easy terms If
(.•-sired: location best part of Mission;
one block from MiEston-st. -electric
cars; 20 minutes to Crty Hall. Here is
your chance to secure a home for a few
dollars cash.
Ill.OW— Rents $110 per month, S133O per year;
pays 1 per cent per month; absolutely no
, repairs for 5 years as property Is new,
having Just been completed. Street bi-
tuminized. cement sidewalks, etc: con-
venient to all downtown car lines and
cross town transfer privileges; three
substantially built modern and thor-
oughly up-to-date French fiats, home-
like and sunny throughout; 'every, one
an ideal, cheerful JOth century home;
location best residence and renting: por-
k : ¦";'¦'*' tlon of Western Addition; grand Kar-ien
at your front door; property looks into
Golden Gate Park; an ideal investment.
114. W0— A moderate slse Investment on a
healthy business thoroughfare. 2 blocks
from City Hall, ehort distance from
Market St.; well constructed S-story
bay-window frame building containing
store occupied by an old established
tcrocery: two floors above In lodthngs;
property sold on account of existing
mortgage of ISWO, which can remain
with bank; owner might accept a close
offer; will surely enhance in value:
worth more- money to-day; no change of
tenant- In years: might entertain good
proposition of an exchange for tha
equity In Improved city property; this
is a splendid chance.
$2800— Rents $29 per month: substantial 2-story
frame building of 2 flats, containing 4
and & rooras each; cottage in rear of
3 rooms; property always rented; Te-
hama st., near Ninth; a small mode.,.
Investment.
We have a printed catalogue at the
• office containing a choice list of home,
speculative and Investment property.
One for the asking. It may contain
Just what you are looking for.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
¦ : - ' ' '- 10 Montgomery st.
CREAM of Park lote.
Opposite New Park Entrance.
Rare chance for home-builders and in-
vestment seekers.
Cho!cert building lots on very eary
payments; on the H-nt. electric
cars end fronting Golden Gate
Park and the new mh-
ave. boulevard.
Lots and streets on official grades;
macadamized; plank sidewalks.
¦ gas and water service.
Low prices— bound to increase In
value.
Tour Own Terms, Interest
Only S Per. Cent.
.Money Advanced for Building
Purposes.
Call at once at our branch office (open week
days Sundays and holidays), cor. H at.
snd Ninth ave.. #outh of Golden Gate Park,
and ask to be shown these beautiful lota.
Full particulars and price lists also at our
office. ~
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery at.
MADISON* & BURKE.
Established January. 1858.
Real Eetate Agents.
Full charge taken of property.
6*6 Market st.. opposite Palace Hotel.
J23U0 — BROADWAY, near Jon«"«: must be sold;
rent IIS: this Is In good condition. MADI-
SON & BURKE.
$e*/O— PINE St., near Peott; 2 flats: rents $57 £0;
lot Z5xl87:*. MADIS»N & BURKE.
I'OOi}— 3 FLATS; near O'Farrell and Webster;
j well rented; lot —i90. MADISON &. BURKE.
I LAUNDRY building with 2 flowing wells of Al
water, tanks, barn and lot 16&X120. on north
line of Lombard »t., bet. Fillmore and Stein-
er: also lot 152x120 on Chestnut »t.. In rear;
rents $73 p*r month; must be sold on account
ot non-residence. MADISON & BURKE.
BUSH-ST. corner, neur Kearny; lot 60x70, with
lanre. substantial buildings; rents $230 per
month. MADISON & BURKE.
MISSION-PT. bargain, near Twelfth; large lot;
new improvementf. store and fiats; rents $lli);
price $18.000. MADISON & BCRKE.
$10.500 — FIXE vacant property; lot 87:«x!K>. with
2 corners; Taylor and Greenwich nts. ; Just the
place for a grocery. MADISON & BURKE.
$8000— AN elegant north corner in the Presidio
Heijrhts district; 60x»r>; this Is choice prop-
erty and very cheap. MAPISOJf A BURKE.
$6500— BUSH st., near Webster; 8 rooms and
bath; elegantly finished interior; 27x100.
MADISON & BURKE.
J1S.0CO— AN elegant marine view house. In the
best of condition; will take a smaller house
for part ray if not too far out. MADISON
& BURKE.
GUTTKR et.. corner of Buchanan: SSxS7:t; only
tSOOO. MADISON* A BURKE.
LTON -. HOAG,
1U Montgomery street.
NEW CORXER FLATS.
14.230 — S500 cash, balance monthly; Noe St.. one
block from Castro st. cars; up to date
in every respect; rents well.
TWENTY- FOURTH. NEAR MISSION.
$2.85C«— A great bargain; cottage 5 rooms and
bath; lot 30x100.
A CHARMING HOME SACRIFICED.
$4,000— J800 cash, balance to suit; splendid 7-
otory houre; contains S large, sunny
rooms, bath, etc.; located close to Cas-
tro and Nineteenth sts.; large lot. 50x
114; beautiful garden.
$4,600 — Rent t54; fine Interest-payingj property;
Vallejo St.. near Mason; improvements,
flats and houses; lot 45x137:6; very
cheap.
CORXER IN WHOLESALE DISTRICT, r
$12, 000— Howard st_. near First} frame building;
lot 80x90.
FINE BUSINESS CORNER.
$10,000— Prominent corner at the' Mission; sub-
stantial building; grocery and saloon; 3
flats above: lot SOxSO; rent $100.
FIXE MODERN FLATS.
$5,500— Close to the park; contains 5 and I
large, sunny room?, baths and all con-
veniences: lot 23x123; rent $32 CO;
cheapest flats in the district.
PATS » PER CENT.
¦$16,000—8 handsome corner flats, front park pan-
handle: sun all day; contains 8 rooms,
baths and all conveniences; lot S2xl00;
offer wanted. •
PARK PANHANDLE INVESTMENT.
$U,00*— Pays 11 per cent; 8 swell flats, up to
date in every detail; kitchen in center
of building; one of the best Investments
In the market; rent $102 50.
I LTON & HOAO.
114 Montgomery st.
____________ — _ - _
2 fine new modern flats In Panhandle district;
rented for $70 monthly: price $7500.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
A house of II rooms on Lapina St.. In Pacific
Heizhts: let 27:6x107; it must be sold; reduced
to $10,000.
Rents $52 M: price $5000.
Two fine new flats In the Panhandle district;
all latent Improvements: a good Investment;
this property must be sold.
A beautiful corner lot on Pacific ave., on the
! Heights; marine and city view; 41x100; will
sell cheap. .
Reduced to $4C*>: jconA home of T rooms and
bath on Steiner st-.^iear O'Farrell: owner anx-
ious to sell.
$60 per foot: any size lot on Clay st.; Presidio
Heights; all ready to build on.
S2400— A pretty Mission home: I rooms and
bath; wide lot.
$12 000— Four new modern fiats near Park:
rented for $112 50 monthly.
Only $1250; cottage of 4 rooms on Noe •*..;
lot 23:6x105. • " '-/' ..¦• • '.:"¦'¦¦
A cozy home on Webster rt..' near California;
7 rooms and bath; only J55<>0. "..^
Lore— lots— lots.
In Paeifl© and Presidio Heights. Pactae av*,,
Devisadero. .Vallejo, . Clay St., etc ; all sizes
and • price*. ' . - -
San Mateo Homes for City People.
, McAPEE BROS.. 1CT Montgomery , st.
$1W BACH— Lots 25x100; 300 fe#t from San Ma-
teo electric cars; $3 monthly. OSCAR HE Y-
MAN. 14 Post st,. .
BOMB BARGAINS AT $5 A MONTH. *
$150 and upward; fine . building lots; 1 block
from Twenty-second-st. cars. - .
Sunset Heights lots, on Fourteenth ave.: 23
xl!0 each; srr_nd view. ;
Lots north of the Park, near Point Lobos avs.
« OSCAR HETMAN. 14 Post st.
$12 60 A MONTH will buy a new 4-room cottage
and 2 lots; near Mission st. and Crescent ave.
, - OSCAR HETMAN. 14 Post St.*
HT3 WHO'BXITB ¦
His family a home, and pays for It monthly,
while his neighbor is: renting a' home, and
getting nothlnjr for It. - - -
.This Is a man of sound judgment: follow his
¦ example and you will be happy.
New ; 4, i ' and < room cottages -¦ within one
block of the electric cars. . built , to last ; flne
view; good neighborhood : for nale on easy
..monthly payments. OSCAR HETMAN. u
. Post St./ . -¦ .: r -'-¦-• .:¦'".. : : .: '.', .-..'.
$45O- : A BARGAIN, on $8 monthly, payments: 4
' lots: level and ready to build on: near Mission
: *U md SHvw , Me . OSCAR HETMAN'. 14
Post st.
REAL i ESTATE—iCITT— FOR SAT— 3.
SHAI-.TTALD. BCCKBEE — CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
21S-220 Mont pome ry st.. Mills building.
We have a number of very choice Presidl»
Heights -lou with marine view, which we are
authorized to sell at reasonable prices; get list
¦ f JGOO-Paciflc are.. . near Pierce s_; 40x127 :«i
feet; beautiful residence lot; best portion of the
avenue; price reduced to make quick sale.
$23,000— North side Pacific ave.; lot 68:9x127 :SH
feet, with beautiful modern residence; ' abso-
lutely unobstructed marine view.
$.000-Corner Oak and Baker sts,; Sx*S:10^i;
facing Park Panhandle.
$10,5i»— Liberty 5t., near Guerrero; the Nob
Hill of the Mission; lot 80x114; residence of 11
rooms and bath.
$M0O— West line Church St., south of Twenty-
eighth; cottage of S rooms and hath; renu for
$16: modern: lot 25x100; a bargain.
$a>.«00— Reduced from SSS.OOO; north side.Bac-
ramento st., near Van Ness ave.; flne resi-
dence; laree lot, €S:Sxi:7:8U-
$195O-Price reduced from $*350; modern cot-
tage on Second ave., near Point Lobos; 5 rooms
and bath: lot 25x120; or &">xI20 for $2720.
$8000 — Three modern flats; Jackson st., near
Broderick: rents ITS &0; for sale at less than
cost. ¦
$500&-Marine view; modern cottage: Chestnut
8t_. near Hyde; C rooms and bath; lot 27:1
x1J7:6.
JI7S&— Marine view; corner of Vallejo St.. near
Jones: 34:6 front; Improvements rent Tor $51.
$12.5flO-NW. cor. Page and Lyon sts.; modern
residence; 12 rooms and ! baths: furnace; 7 bed-
rooms- lot _.:Cx&. .
$22.500— California and Octavia sts. ; S?E. cor.:
fine residence lot: building now on lot to be
removed: size Cs-.Sx 137:6.
$2100— And your own terms: new cottage,, i
rooms and bath: Church and Twenty-second
sts.: lot 2txi:s.
ULOOO— Sutter-st_ Investment: monthly rents
1305; will pay about S per cent net: lot 40x110
feet: with substantial office building:; always
rented.
$23,500— Third st; 8-»tory brick building; rents
to one tenant $!*>: lot 25x75 feet.
$45fo — Rents tSO monthly : store and flat: West-
ern Addition: on cross street, close to Polk;
lot 25x100.
$5000— Corner Eighteenth and Fair Oaks sts.;
two modern flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath;
lot 2«xlOO feet; rents $42 6fl.
«7S0— Shotwell st-; cottage, on* and a half
stories: 6 rooms and bath; street bitumen; lot
23:3x96:6.
$S250-Reduced from $9000; elegant Presidio
Heights residence, with S bedrooms; first floor
has hardwood floors throughout; finished base-
ment with furnace, etc; lot a4:4%x_7:8H: fine
marine view.
$2100— Mission cottage, 5 rooms and bath; oa
Twentieth st.. near Sanchez; lot 25x114; will
sell on easy terms.
$5000— Grove, near Baker: lot 25xlS7:<: 2-story
house of 6 rooms and bath; a great opportunity
• for a home.
$1S5O— Vicky-burg st, near Twenty-second; lot
22:(xl*:5; 2-ttory house of S rooms and hath:
mui>t be. sold: best valoe for money ever 'ad-
vertised.
17000 — Very pretty home on Ashbnry Heights
of t> rooms and bath: completely furnished; lot
*SxU6:S, to rear street.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE - CO..
*l«-«<) Montgomery rt.. Mills building.
HK.VI, ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
A CHRISTMAS gift of $10,000; $3 for tl: do_"t
be such a fool as to doubt without investiga-
tion: just think of it. only $55 per acre for a
lovely tract of 100 acres, the finest land on
earth; almost adjoining the depot and steamer
landing of Napa City; all highly cultivated
level loam; 30 acres perfect garden land:
living creek forms one boundary: Includes
crop, now looklr.tr fine, worth IIJ10; easy
terms: nn»t be sold before New Tear's; take
my advice and buy this on speculation or
for lovely home: it's worth and will soon
bring $200 per acre. N. D. SICKLES.
The LAND AGENT. « <3«ary st_
MARIN Co.. 16 .miles from S. F.— $49 to SSO per
acre; choice lands tn tracts of all flaes;,- im-
proved farms, chicken ranch**., hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM. CO.. room I. Sth floor. Mills bldg-.. S.F.
t6ooo — ~T ACRES: 25 In grain; 7 acres apples;
balance under plow; dwellings; buildings; ma-
chinery; horses, cattle, chickens: $4000 cash.
L. JARMAN. Aptos. Santa Cruz County.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
Circulars free of Farms In all the counties.
Also city and country exchange list.
ACCURATE knowledge, each of the 8000 ranch-
es on my f>a le and exchange list — more than
all other arents in dty: «tate what's wanted.
N. D. SICKEI.S. the Land Agent. « Geary st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
J21C0— WORTH MMO; houss. S rooma. bay front;
let MxlTS; 3 days only.
$177S— First-clRjs n»w colonial eott—ge. »
room? and bath: lot 45x120: terms. J. H.
YOUNG, builder. 1U3 Park st,
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
6-ROOM 2-story house; high celling; 3 mantels;
lot 40x140; good well and chicken-houses on
place: a nice home; prloe S1300; $75 down.
. balance In monthly payments.
Take Berkeley train, ret off at Lorln aad
Inquire for RUDOLPH. PERKINS 4- LTON.
J-KOOM cottAge: high basement; lot 49x109,
fenced: In good location; price $750; $30 down,
balance $10 per month.
RUDOLPH. PERKIN8 _t LTON. Lorln
Station, Berkeley.
11200— NEW cottage ot S rooms and bath; larg«
lot; on sunny side of street; 2 blocks to cars;
$100 cash, balance $15 per month: all sewered.
. W. C. MORAN.
$2500— New 8-room house with flne mantel, gas
j fixtures, sideboard, etc.; bank, loaned $3000 on
this place; 5 minutes' walk to university; I
blocks to local train; lot SOxlSS; cement
walks all around place: only $500 cash, bal-
, ance same as rent. $40 per month.
W. C. MORAN, Lorln Station. Berkeley.
$4500— WITHIN 2 blocks of uni— tr-lty; In the
\ery best part of beautiful Berkeley.
New house of 9 rooms and bath; thoroughly
modern In every respect; fins corner lot;
splendid view.
$5500— 2-story noose of 7 rooms and bath:
near station:' street work all done: a bargain.
Apply to MASON A McLENATHAN. ad-
jolnlng P. P.. Berkeley. '
$T»— LARGS lot. l«O_135; on corner near local:
East Berkeley; a snap. I will buy a lot and
. build a house to suit you on Installments In
Berkeley. Oakland. Fruitvale or San Fran-
clneo. H. B. PINNET. oppoatte local station.
Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$_30O— COST LATE OWNER $4000.
Pair of flats; 6 rooms and bath each; Market
st. station. Oakland; being 12 per cent per
annum on investment; first come, first served;
must be sold at once. J. 3. MYER3 _ CO..
100» Broadway.
$1800— "WORTH $JO0O; Harrison, st., fronting Ctty
Park; S blocks to Broadway; 2 blocks to
schools and . local station, etc : neighborhood
the best; 8 rooms, bath and basement; fur-
nished and ready for occupancy; terms If
desired; must be ind to be appreciated;
positively must be sold this we«k; first come,
first served. J. 8. MTERS * CO.. 1002 Broad-
way.
$6009-ACTUAL COST $S500.
House. 9 rooms; corner lot: plate glass win-
dows. 4 blocks ficnn Broadway and S blocks
to narrow and broad gauge local stations; la
the finest neighborhood; open plumbing; the,
latent Ideas in architectural construction. J.
8. MTERS & CO., 1002 Broadway.
OFFICE OPEN JANUARY 1. NEW TEAR'S
DAT. -
$400 CASH. $7 M monthly Utl paid for; cottag*
of 5 rooms and bath; large barn, chicken-
house and run; fruit trees and shrubbery ; a
nice, cozy home In the rlcbt spot, being
healthful: 2 fine lots, 150 feet deep; picket
fence; dty water and sewer; near a model
schoolhouee and electric cars; nice neighbor-
hood; sandy loam soil; view something grand;
away from, cold winds and fog; adjoining
¦ East Oakland ; call or send for circular for
cheap lots or acreage. 455 Seventh st.. Oak-
land. - Broadway station. Carrtaga free. H.
Z. JONES, owner. . • '
$1000— GOOD reliable man wanted an partner in
a fine paying tamale parlor, with Spanish
cooking and -bar attached ; I doing a ' splendid
business; full Investigation allowed before &
dollar Is put up by any one , who means bus-
iness; established « years: well-kno— a and
well . located. ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway,
Oakland. -->- . :
$650— GROCERY . in good location: Oakland:
doing good business. ALDEN CO., 1111
Broadway. - ' .
TWELVE . houses and cottages for sale: easy
* terms ; some : same as rent; send or call for
- what you want.
..Ranches for Rale from H to SO,** acres.
Thirty-page catalogue of . homes. "
Good business chances of all kinds. ; -
i For all bargains see E. E-'BTTNCE,
_..»¦¦" »5i Broadway. Oakland.
$850— A SMALL home of 4 rooms and bath: must
be sold: 18th et.. near Telegraph are.: *3_00.
A; J. 8NYD-.R * CO.. Real Estate. 4«7 Ninth
• »t/. Oakland.' Cal.. ' , s r
$7S0— 4 ROOMS: ttxlOO: must be sold. A. ; j.
BNTTJBR * CO.,' *«7 Ninth St.; '¦ Oaklana. .-*
P-RSO-fALS.
~~TS to order or. Installments: IIS upward; tl
- week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market st. be-
tween Seveath and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, tl ii. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. m&-lia Stockton st-. near Broadway.
— AEQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
coantry order?. GOLDSTEIN _ CO.. 7?3 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S Freach Corn Paint, lbs best
corn cure; Sc; all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th» Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In tb*
__t nlted State* cr Carada one year for XI.
rarsioixt ako btokgboxs.
DR. C. C. O'DoT^NELL^fficeni^Te^raencei
neiH Market tu. between Sixth and Seventh.
PARALYSIS, rhpumatiym. anhma effectually
c»r*a, PR. J. H. REEVE. ?6'i K'trny ft.
PKOPERTV \VAXT_n.
WA!TT to purchase a hcrce cf 5 or 1J acres
within a radius of 59 miles of Ban Fr_nri*co:
will net co burinees with real estate men:
cr.lv owners need reply. Address box 87»\ Call
office.
i Hi: VI, KSTATE CITY FOR SALE.
~~™_. —^^-^ — , i
EASTON. ELPRirKJE A rO .
CS MARKKT ST.
MITST BE FOLD. 7
Th* following properties must be sold to elor-e
the following e«tate*. Proceeds to be divided
amcr.g heirs:
MAKE AX OFTEH-HIttHEST OFFER GETS
THE PROPERTT.
BRANNAN IJTREET INVESTMENT.
Estate of David Roy. deceased.
Four fist? nf 5 room. each, al— tjij-s rented
: for %Z2; 37:0x137:6 feet: clnse to Bonthern Pa-
1 clflc d«>.x>t and property recently purchased by
facia Fe Company.
POI'TH PARK INVESTMENT.
Estate of I>_v:a Roy, deceased.
Three-etory brick building, containing two
fats of C rooras ar.d bath each: rents J28.
TVTENTT-FIRST FTREET FLATS.
Estate of Stanislaus Strozynskl. deceased.
______
| Two suhstantial extra well-built flats of S
; ar.d < rooms and bath: S3:€ feet wide; rents
; S4&0 j>er annum; near A'alencia Ft.
NATOMA STREET INTE5T1IENT.
Estate of J. Klnwlla, deceased.
; $3r«y-liake effer; S flat* of 5. 4, 3 rooras; rents
| / $37 SO per month; Sx75 feet.
CLEMENTINA STREET INVESTMENT
Estate cf Ellen N. Rlckarde. deceased.
f C7» Pom flats of 5 and I rooms: rente MJ M ;
per month; lot *£xSS feet.
JX-LTON STREET BARGAIN.
Estate of Ann Hayes, deceased.
U500— Reduced from V*m. rr.ake offer; lot S7:«x
127:* feet: two flats and rear cottage.
MINNA STREET INVESTMENT.
Ettate of Charles O'Neill, deceased.
I _______
! Minna St.. near Fourth: Improvements thre»
| rat* of ». 4. « rooms; rest S33 per month; lot
, runs beck toward Hortrd st.
LKAVENWORTH STREET RESIDENCE.
Eetate cf Francis L. Wilson, deceased.
I SfOOO— Lanre Fubstantlal well-built residence of
12 rooms and bath; one-half lot vacant-
lot 45:«x_7:« feet.
I CHEAPEST LOT IN WESTERN ADDITION.
E*_te of Francis I_ Wilson, deceased.
! *€-T00— Th— e fine level lots, each 27 feet wide.
7?' **?"?* J*~ n ' ar Fillmore; street bltum-
j SUBMIT ALL OFFERS TO
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.,
; 63« MARKET gT.
KEAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
\ "^ICES^^L^r^ci^
Cory cottajre (Mission) lot 27x^90 feet.
Ki&O-REDUCED FROM *_509.
Four fiate; rents $33. • a
' S3600.
Foar Cats; rents tig; downtown.
— . JSOOO.
Three choice flats, near Poet and Taylor sts.;
pays 19 per cent; V feet front; offer wanted.
— I 7500 -
Flats; brand new; east of Van Ness a»e,:
rents, $7?.
I*"— RET>trCET> FROM *16.000.
Market street corner store and flat.
JU00.
Grand 14-room residence on Jackson street
112.750— REDUCED FROM SIS.WO.
Busine— property; same tenants for years;
¦tore and roomlug-bnus'.
tlS.CX).
Grand conier. Leavenworth street: W feet
front; all rented for $1*3: mortgage $3000: can ;
remain st « per cent
J7S.00&— REDVTCED FROM $S2.ona
Choice corner lot. 78-foot front: within half
a block of Market «.; with old Improvements:
rents about 1400; the only corner that can be
bought vicinity of Siith st,
iZi.l-00— REDUCED FROM $50,000.
' Grand investment: 1W» foot front on Ellis st- :
with improvements; nicer and better than Pal-
ace Hotel; rents about $5000; terms, half cash.
•sseo.
TJents $1.**: 100 feet front; near Taylor st_: no
chance Uke it-
130.000.
Corner; 6C tit-t front; vicinity Butter St.; east
of Hr«Se; rraad hotel, office or rooming-house
site; rents JlOT.
$M,t<!0.
Sutter-rt. corner: 87:6xf7:«: elegant lmpro— e-
ments; rents tlSOO per annum.
jiw.ooa
Market sc. near Call.
A. M. BPECK ft CO.. ««7 Market st-
RATMOND. BALDT^^N A CO..
138 ilor.tr ornery rt.
JC250— Corner Green and FTIlmore sts.: «!:9x?7:*;
finely »!evated: extended marine view.
l50G€t-Rents *-~ f - per _r.rum; I flats; lot 2oxlI4;
T-renty-^econd Ft.
14500— Rents *CX) per annum: only X15C0 cash
required: Jot 27:€x.l5; flats; Howard St.;
in Mlmicn warm belt. <
tt«**>— Rer.t* XSM per annum: lot 2*tcCS:«; I Cats,
4 rooms and bath each: Jones st.
t?2*-" t — Arnual rents $_•»¦; ? flats, C and S rooms,
bath each; lot KilOO; Potrero ave.
(1700 — Two-story house. ?> rooms and bath; brick
fcrundation; lot 15x70; rent J144 per an-
num; Elsie rt., rear Cortland ave.
$1109 each— Two Jots, SfxllO; Ninth ave., near
C et.
tlO2S — Cheapest lot !n the Minsion: west eld-
Harrison st., between Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth; Z3xllJ:C to rear street; must
be cold to close an estate.
$76© each— Four lots, _SxllS:i>; Eureka et_. near ¦
Twenty-seoond : easy terms; low Interest.
*1K»— Corner. 27:«xllD: Central ave. and Turk.
JSOO each— Three lots. 2£xlS0; street accepted;
Eureka st_, near Twentieth.
$2S per front foot, any siz«. by a depth of 115
feet: Army st— near Mission.
Collere Heights, near Affiliated Colleges and
the Park; we are sole arents of this beautiful
residence tract; lots $S00 up; we are also agents
for Rc-s* Valley Park. Fan Anselmo and Chap-
man tract, Corte Madera.
RAYMOND, BALDWIN * CO..
US Montgomery st.
*¦ " — — —
HT-ADOrARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New Resohrtloss for the Nrr Tear.
Invest Tour Su/clcs In a Good Lot.
$1«, $?» and $30<>—Very best Ocean Boulevard
residence lot?; none c_n beat us; only $5
monthly.
$300 to fXXV-Graded Sunset. l»th ave. Boule-
vard and Richmond lots; $10 monthly.
' m to $100— Level jots near MlssJon axtd Saa
Mateo electric cars; fo monthly.
! $JM. $759. $1000 and $1500 each— 4 splendid cot-
! tages; good locations; near cars; large lots;
| payments same as rent.
Brasch office— tth ave., near H st_» Punset.
BOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room S4, Chrcnlcle building.
JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine rt.. near Montgomery.
Going out Valencia st. look up Thirteenth «„.
175 feet west Irom Valencia, you see 4 fine lots,
SxM feet each, the price of which has just
been reduced to t_>00 apiece.
Also to $125*' apiece. 22x70 feet, on Clinton
Park; this is the most advantageous aad cheap-
est property offered In this city.
THO0— A S-story bouse. In nne condition, on :
Sacramento _rt.; 12 rooms; large lot.
S":*— A nice houEe on Union st., near Jones;
a cory botne: One view.
$4Ono— Cred't aale of a Park Panhandle prop-
erty oo OaX St.. near Centra) ave.: Cue eottajre
of ( rooms and bath: lot 3x110.
$11,000— Rent $1_; corner property in a grow-
lr.tr manBfacturlng neighborhood; stores aad
Cat*. '
K300. ~~
FORECLOSURE eale— Fine large ooraer in the
Mission with modern cottage of 4 rooms ;
lot _Sx_26; fine chance for an expreeFman;
we can arrange terms. G. H. UMBSEN A
COL. 14 Montgomery «»t.
C C. BET-IIS. Real Estate and General Lead
Agent, 224 Montgomery st
Make offer— Northeast corner Twinty-«eventli
and Douc—ss sts.; must be sold; £9x114 feet.
Iltoo— North Une Carl rt.. near Stanyan: JSx
127:t feet. . ' . .'
tii EACH— On :5th ave.: $18 monthly payments;
- free carriage _ ?23 Oement st.
MODERN house* built; lowest prices; pla_s and
estimates furnished, CampbeU, ; Ili7 _ tsilon.
MO\RY TO_LOA.*ff.
tI*»,W0 TO loin oa diamonds, watches, silver
•_e_s_ln*. plaaos. g-Jrw. UNCLE HARRIS li
Grant ave.
ON furnltcre and piasoa; no removal; coa-
ndeEtial; en dlam;c_s. etc a Taylor at.
CAEH loaned tc sstetad people on tote without
lndorser. MORPJILL. C^ Examiner building:
TO Bilarted paste without collateral cr in-
a-rw. S. F. r > -?~'"ttr.t Ar>nry. 1«3 Phelan bid.
ML SICAJL^ IXSTttlMEXTS.
A CR_AT o earing np sale~_l 1300 styles 25
p«r cest <_lfcco_H. >,«* bargains for holidays:
<t^'ii ¦¦ - £ %if
Z__ _ < l"PUl> ••-•••••-->••••?»,. _?__•*•. ;
S^ """":~::::::::u::::::EE:: :: $!i1
rteirway upright, dtgbtly used !$i«
Chickerlrg ••,-
Ilallett - Davis ______
_«lne '..'.'.'.'.'.".'.'" 'His
P.»r.t aliowefl; lnetdloenta. U down, 'ii p. r
52 Bt *'~5 °P*a •— — a»s- HEINE PIANO
CO.. t:. Q*a-y tt.
BKAl-TTFUL Chkrkertng upright: cost $47S.
w *~5. HEINE PIANO CO.. *37 Geary Bt.
ANT perscn having use for a piano can be ac-
«— jmoiated at Sherman. CUy ft Co.'s with
eaz.est paymrata. lewert prices aad most re-
¦•— tie makers to chocse from. Each the best
Jf t— eir crade, from Steinway down. Prtv-
'*"*»* given to »?.-harE-« medium and low-
rricel pianos for a new Steiaway any time
**lth!a thre* years from Sate of purchase
Beaatlfiil new aprlghts *o!d for $t csj-h •.»<«
U v*r morth. We offer to se!l some good
pUn— tor t%. S4 and ti per month. PHFR-
«AN. CLAT A CO.. Etelnway dealers, ccr-
t.er Kearay and Butter «s.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway aad Thirteenth st.. Oak-
lara
>>O~r is jt-jt chaa-e to bay a rcod piano for a
¦tmall nin of money; SiO. tTS. tl«>Q. J15C. aay
rr:~ you waat. New. what do you —ant?
¦~«.:i on us and get it. MAUVAIS'. 7CT Market.
r*~-T_ the fl— t IS days of tM we are goir.g to
f*II our planoe an<3 all kinds of musical <ood*
«t tp»rrtal r»<3T_c-tion». with an extra discount
*or ra**. puri-r;a*** : rr.ak*- tniney fcy saving it
a: MaUVAIS'. 7O Market «.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest aa_ largest hon<«
«w of Chlcajco Is KOHLER * CHASE'S St.
7S and SS OTajrrell ex.: planoa. ong:a_s and
all other i-us.cal lnstrcnsects cf _";: grades
ana pnc«: terrrj easy; prices lowest; every-
thing poesiUe dese to please and satisfy th*
osttom-r
A BIG sale cf pianoe ncrw going on; all pianos
at reduced prices; Cue large one, tlSS; num-
ber on time lirrited; agency Chickerlsg, Mt-
ra & Harsi'a. Vose. Sterling, etc BENJ.
CVRTAZ A SON. It O-FarreU et__ cpen even-
Ings.
riANOP? Te». a b'.g rtock at little pr!~s
and little rartr.er.ts: b!g \-ariety. DEWINO
CO.. 12 Flood buildir^.
*_AO2STFICEXT Z-p~ie.l upright piano; sacrl-
f.c»; r>erty rolng Em. 419 Van Xess ave..
neir UcAIUster st.
PIANO; great bsrraln: man be sold before
Ti;f«*«y; f ;<fi. :XS Mit-slon et.
A CLE AXING out w_i» of pianos In Etorage:
Q— 1 cJWg. Pterag*. 1710 Market st.
r.YRON IL4UZT. agency Sohrner & Co.. Byron
Mauiy. Gah>r and gpellra.n pianos. SSS Post.
F'EIaI. t_e — Imment«e reductions: e*e our
!ea-_er. ocly nSO. BRT__NN. ?3t Poet st.
THREE-PEDAL epright: nearly ne« : bargain:
f »'t!T leaving city. _g Mission gt.
CHEAT r-_ay bargair:* in 2nd-hand uprights;
—nail .-.stall— ignta. Homur.g. tlS McAilister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; St-^rk. Hardman. Con-
over ft ethers. W. B ALLKN & CO.. VA Post.
AT KKEFFITS. »C3 K_rkBt ft.. 4 e'.egart up-
rirtus s» ycur own price, ghoclnger agency.
BEST rent st^rk in city: n»w pianoc, SS per
BMC—L SOOTT-CURTAZ. FS? Hayes st- '
frPEr.IOK ncllss. zithers, oli ar.d new. H.
MTTLLER. rr.s.ker. — pe-.J-*r. 2 Latfcain place.
E.'F.frAIV-JJuft be fjold; nice upright piano.
SV-H:.:TT7.. ik H>A*a*»t_ *t_. r.eTt Hib Bank.
OFFICES A.\D STORES TO LET.
O-4C0S. «S. IM Harrison ot.. near Sixth: U— .
Iror-r^^— s attach*-.: g-KKl business block.
TT'TTI.E. C? Market St.
K&— CrTCFt*".. :S St»nart St.. cesr Market: ready
thl» w ••k; f.r.e ty-rtrsess Jocatlon. '_'L 1"J"LE.
C3T Ma-k^t ft.
1TONTOO5JERT. *n-TVr*h 15« ft.: suitable f—
r-.srh!ne. csrp»r.T»r sfaep. whc!»»a> <r mnfg.
3U. .
y. 1 "" FHARF.S cf non-e-ffsetwabie promotion
stock for rale is lots of 5X 1 © cr ever at S c*>st«
in a crcsnineat and »*".id rtl ron:p*ny: owner
r™nr tc Eurcpe snd cnm->e:ied to nell; a
fortu-ae for ursrietoody: r»»Tu!ar -tr>rk is sell-
_g ar 5P easts. Ar«l<!y Owner, '-ox S29. CalL
KOTT to g»t lit— Buy these bargains; I0O*>
fhar<e» R»«r S;ate oil sto-k. sacrifl«*d; K<0
fhsrw p-ir.r^. r-n!y t* 1 : IM »har»*, J10. *>*5 i
Mifciel rt.. roo*n S.
KM BHAP.ES In Mt. r>l»blo Oil Co. at TOifrc i
?*r »ha— — if taken before Jirraary _. Apply i
ta VT. E. BARNARD. HIS Broadway, Oak-
IsaflL
JOSEPH B. TOPLTTZ. S» Pine rtiwt
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
°"»rrtrT <-irr*'*Tv-nd e*ir» »o!ir1ted.
Oa LANDS FOR SALE.
G<^Or> or»portunity for parties fin ni tng otl com-
pany: If- acre*, in Ptnoche district oil belt:
pvaer will take ran cash. baJance in nock of
err party: enly XZ per acre. C. F. MOORE,
SSS Mark«t St., room 6.
I:.^'- ACRES oil lard, strictly In oil belt. SS to
SS» per acre. TVTLLIAM C HAMILTON.
Flood bui'iS'.r.g. roora L
XKRN River; rroven territcry: line cf R. R.
KfVtna. rim»n * P"m«>. r. 1*4. Cfcrocicle.
~~^-—-~ —»"—-———————-—————-————— —»———— —————— ————— —¦ !
OIL STOCK * -R SALE.
T.'E hare -~ir :e of the best otl stock en this
?r_rfcet f<~r _a__ LEONARD & LEONARD,
y* Mon'sro— aer- r t.
PALMISTRY.
H .fEHOME rTWIHIiIH. i|j».— -h) palmist, SIS
Taylor «.. b»t. G«a.ry and Poet; tel. Black 6€1.
BCSKXTinG r»>adit_K of character, palmistry
and rhreaologj-. both for K>c. 5M Geary et. !
PROF. HAIGHT. Palmist— Reafilngs this week
only for O-. 1?X Market mt.. t>. T.
PATF.MS AXD PENSIONS.
advice free: no ebarg* B_esa snontsafnL
OEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PE-SO-fAXS.
OWEN McCABE. Importer, dealer tn feathers:
hair —attreas ar.d pillow tnanuf aetory ; oil
feathers renovated asd p*>n&ed; all feathers
coid warranted weli dressed with my patent
rtea— reno%-aicr. (73 Mission, teL Jessie 111-
t-. SEVrjitH >o-j-r man of It wishes to make
the a.CT.tialz.tar.ce of a young lady of the
cars* faith: object, tru-trimocy; strictly con-
f.<ier.tiaL Box M*. Cali oOee.
C_KTX_3— _E desires to associate with some
- -- who »¦—_;'. S l.i.e to travel and deliver
'•¦-: _rt; os a _o_e>--i___er. Box til. Call
cfEce.
THE Star Hair r-etnedy Is the enly preparation
that will restore grajr and faded hair to nat-
ural color aad ax the same time care dandruff
and eczt_. cf the seals, rtop fallinr and
I. row new hair: therefore th« best and th*
cheapest: aoid by druggists ar.d hairdressers.
RR11 char.rtr.g hands, want place for woman
«nr>loye; .aval-able in store or office; ppeaks
£ panic*., r- — : e German: reliable, gesteel. Bux
ei\ Call office.
AT the BtO—ttB* O., « E9M** «.. y-n can find
a miarasteed cure fur ;.:;:.» hair, dandruff,
etc.; hair grown tuai re-tcred to origlruU
color. Call cr address MRS. E. R. Dl'NLAP.
YOUNG b-stse«s rr_n -raats lady partner with
means: ofcyct rsatrtmony. Box 2S1X Call.
6TTITS to on5-r on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co., 1*44 _kt_. under 8t_ Nicholas HoteL
PRIVATE <"»tect!re work; reanoaable rates; II
years' experience, J. B. RAT, JS7 Jessie st.
If OR XSK0 f» loa_ on diamonds, nralskins. e'.l-
verware. ail »_:•-_!»>. UNCL_ HARRJ3. IS
Ors-nt are.
CANCER cared at bo_e ty isternai treatment:
oo fcnif*. plaster cr patn: book and testi-
rnoclsJ s maUed free. Cancer Institute, 111
Tv«*t Forty-secoBd et_. ii. T.
I. A t carpets were to erder and far sale; also
e_*_ll*-»-o-* rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hack or chain at lowest
rat—. G-O- MATTKE--S. T3» Fifth. OakUnd.
FINE enits. TIP: dress pasts. JJ TS. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, C7 Mcntgomery «t-
A-a £8 DERBT and Fedora hats. Jl 7S. Popa-
ltr Prloe Hatters. £30 Kearny St.. near Pine.
MAT— REEEES AND PILLO~*B. teL fJoeth 7M j
—ale to crder. renovated; honest work gaar-
tr.iKi; fext-ters and bair cleansed : fiae cphol. ;
•tery; «¦-'.-« carefully packed for shipment or
•torag*. HOPKE BKOS, 81* and S29 11th st.
KLECTRic light in every ro»_— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third -t. near Market: 700 ro?ms;
»e to tl 60 per clgtit: XI 68 to M per week;
free 'bus «_j baggage to asd from the ferry.
Enperf.aotJs »__r removed with electric needle;
electric rcll»r facial treatment for wrinkles;
all bra-cbe» taught. Miss Eaten. Ill* Sutler.
KAIR positively _rcwa en balJ beads by purely j
vegetable corn;^n:s<!: absolute proof. Call or :
addrees DR. G. 3. MOORE. iSS Qeary St.. S.F. i
ALFREDC—S Errptian Henna; restore- gray j
hair to its na tura: color; tl: at ail drugging. •
3DANICHETF -"¦*!• h-_u_ay glore orders, gr»d for •
glrves ready-made or to order. 121 Grant ave. j
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE 'AGENTS. ,
14 Montgomery Street.
t4S,000— Wholesale business corner; 4-story brick
buildings, covering entire lot: corner on
Sanso— oe at.; a ehort dietance from Mar-
ket; SOxM, with 2 ••Ls"; rents. »3S«) per
annum.
I1S.6O«3— Hems,. 11164 per annum; $10,000 can re-
main at €'•¦_ per cent; 3 stores and 3 flats;
_xl_:6; corner on Howard st.
112,W0--R«"nts. »1230 per annum; good Western
Addition Investment; '2 substantial
houses and 2 flats; modern in every par-
ticular; *5__137:6; best part of the West-
ern Addition.
tS.SOO— Rents, J_W per annum: to close the es-
tate; the price has been greatly re-
duced; substantial improvements; 10
flats; always rented; near First and
Howard sts. ; mortgage of $3100, which
c«n remain; this property will pay Tully
15 per cent per annum net: one of the
best paying investments in the city;
WxSO.
»,000-Rents, $840 per annum: make an offer:
must be sold; corner near Fillmore and
Halght ets.: store and fiat property:
mortgage of $«000 can remain; «x>l.
W.OOO—Rents. $930 per annum; business corner
on Howard Ft.; substantial Improve-
ment*; 2 stores and 2 flats; always rent-
ed: 44:lli_x75:l; to close an- eetate.
t».0O0— Klesunt Park residence: I story and
bus. n.*nt rruxjero residence and large
lot: no r*-a*oniibl» offer refused.
$S.Mft- -Ray-wlr.dow refldence: Gought i=t.. near
Tost: 2 story and basement hou^e and
lot: ?7:«t110: sold by order of bank.
J7.&00 — Rents. $S3 per month; Grove St., clo**
to I_truna: 3 flats of 6, S and 5 rooms
and bath each and 4 flats of I rooms
each on small street In rear: present
mortgage of MW) at 6 per cent can re-
main; lot 2Sxl_».
*«.2SO— Po»t Ft.; nunny side of street: I flats and
house of 7 rooms and bath; on rear
r-trw; rent--. **5 per month; in good
order: lot 25:Uxl20.
$*>,l!0 — Nice mwjem residence on Devisadero
«.. containing 9 rooms, bath and laun-
dry: lot iz feet front. - •
$^. pf> 0— PoM by order of German Bank: 2 flat*
cr. Oak st.. close to Lamina; and cot-
tape on rear street, renting low at $40
per month: lot 25x120.
J3.78C— 'Western Addition cottage*, front and
rear: near Ellis and Laguna sts.; rents,
$30 per month; lot 2oxM.
$1,000— Rents. $444 per annum; grocery: corner
on Dupont n. : store, flat and cottage.
*S0O— To close nn eetate; 150x120; corner south
of the Park.
New Pocket Map of San Francisco County, t5c.
Choice list of building lots in every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ord*,' which contains a li«t of properties for
eale in all parts of the city.
G. H. VMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED.
trn.000 — Corner on Montgomery ave.: stores
and lodging-house: rents S1T6 50.
ri3.5'>(v— Cor. Ptelner and Waller sts: 48x$l:
etrre and 2 flats; rents $63 90.
*.;.50O— Union Ft., near Taylor; 3 modern flats
and rear house: 25:9x128:9: rents $97. j
t.2.000— Corner Bush and Hyde; 15x57:6; store
and S Rats; rents JTO 50. -
•10.000— Stockton Ft., near Sacramento: 4<h.l87:«
with L t£:£x5€ on Prospect place; old Improve-
ments; rents $23.
$ifl.0P0— Twelfth et.. near Howard: SSzl4S; 10-
room dwelling.
JS^OO — Lombard st.. near Dupont: 40x90 to rear
street; 4 flats; rents $5«.
$G.5A— California et., near Baker; 2S:2xS2:6; 3
flat? ; rents $4* 50.
I5«00— Green «., near Dupont: l«:«xS0: I bay-
wlrdow flats: rents J55.
J4500— Kearny st.. near Union; ZOxSO to rear
street; 2 houses: rents *3? 25.
UNIMPROVED.
$30.(w-Cor. Broadway and Broderick *ts.;
137:ex?T5.
»12.500— Corner Clay et. and Central ave. ; S£:l
xlSO: win subdivide.
$««0— Cor. Cole and Carl; 100:7x87:8.
T7 f <i0— Cor. Guerrero and Fourteenth; 6?x8S.
$3SW— Fulton St.. near Fillmore: S2:6xlJ7:6.
*30OO— Laguna et.. near Page: 25x100.
I3f-00— Steiner, near Waller: 24xSl.
I S2T50 each— Po*t st.. near Devisadero; S lots.
»2000— Waller *t.. near Stanyan; 23x100.
$1500-Sutter st.. near Lyon; JS:JxlOO.
$1000— Fifteenth et.. near Castro; *3xl0S:44.
GEORGE M. WILLfWC. " "
Safe, permanent and profitable Real Eetate
Investments a Specialty
3TS MONTGOMERY STREET. I
t3P.0"A— McAllister St.. opposite City Hall; }
substantial: 3-story and basement: 50-foot iront
building; S tenants; always rented and eure to
! enhance in value.
$2t>,000— Fillmore St., near McAllister; rents
$1710 per annum; thoroughly up to date; 60- foot
front; 3-story snd basement building, contain-
ing 2 stores and 4 modern 7-room flats.
S15.000— Howard St.; rents fl500; 25x80; bid
wanted.
$13. r "»— Steiner-st. comer, near Duboce Park;
annual rental FZQ; 4SxSl.
I1J.0C0— Rincon Hill; 2 flne 11-room houses;
E(bcls5: bid wanted.
Jll.ono — Golden Gate ave.. near Laguna =t. ; I
rt.irdern fiats. 7 and 8 rooms and bath; also 4-
rccm and bath cottage and stable: 30x1X0.
$10.000— Annual rental $l_!00; Jackson-eL busi-
ness property.
$7^00— Larkin »t.. near Sutter: S modern €-
room and bath flats; lot 22xS3. -
TTDOO — Broadway; corner; 2 flats and S cot-
tages: 34x$4.
tjAOO— Howard Bt-, near Seventh; lot 25x90 and
improvements.
12600 — Nineteenth st_. near Bryant; cozy, at-
tractive 6-room cottage; 2Sx_0C.
$"700 — Clara et.. near Fourth; well-built
house. 12 room?; 27x7s>.
J25OO— Fifteenth ave. south; cost $6000; 9-room
he use; TaxlbQ.
GEORGE M. WILLCOX.
S2S Montgomery st.
HAVING purchased all the Boulevard lots,
fronting the Ocean Beach of the Sutro Es-
tate, in Outside Land Blocks 720 and 721. I
am prepared to offer them to the public at
reasonable price*; remember for every JUX>
invested in the Boulevard lots now you will
reap a harvest of $1000 within the next 3
years, as this property la rapidly Improving;
there will only be one Boulevard fronting the
ocean for centuries: agent on the premises.
JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter St.
MAKE A START AS OTHERS DID.
Instead cf paying rent, apply the time
money in paying off a (new 5 room and bath
house on Hoffman st.. near electric car. S2d at.
Four room and bath on Hoffman ft.
Agent on Herman Tract.
JACOB HETMAN, 117 Sutter et.
$100 BIT? a Park lot. 23x120 as a ChrUtmas
present for your boy: it will make him rich
when he grows up: on 12 £0 monthly Install-
ments, without interest. .
JACOB HE r MAN. 11. 8utter st.
$430 EACH— A bargain; on easy terms; 2 lots
on west ride Eleventh av_, bet. 3 and K sts.;
Sunset District.
1750 — A flne *™T. corner of K st. and Twelfth
ave.; worth $1500.
Lots in the Heyman Tract from $150 to $W0;
a business corner on Douglass st. and Twen-
ty-third ave. for tl230. worth $2S00.
JACOB HETMAN. 117 Butter st-
HAIGHT BT.— New modern residence of 14
rooms and 2 baths, handsomely finished, very
susny and overlooking Park Panhandle; lot
47:6xl_:l; bank mortgage of $9000 at ( per
cent can remain; must be sold. For further
particulars apply to G. H. UMBSEN &, CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
1 HAWKS 4 EKELTON.
Rents- Collected and Kntlre Charge Taken of
Property.
$40,000 — Choice investment; Sutter st-, near
Montgomery; central, safe; pays over S
per cent net; make an offer.
180OO— Flats: Larkin St., near Chestnut; near
Hyde-st. cars; 15 minutes from Market
6t. : rent tii.
$«500— Cottage and flats: O'Farrell st-, near
Buchanan; rents SCO; good Investment-'
$9000— House, N side Californli- St.. near Web-
ster; 10 rooms: !r, flne condition.
$2500— Corner lot; Larkin and Filbert sts.;
41x€2 feet; very cheap; view of bay.
1*600— NW. corner Hyde and Filbert sts.; Mx
137 :« fe«t: flne view southward.
$1200— Lot Stockton «t.. near Chestnut; 22x65;
flats on it would pay well.
$1350— Lets. Chestnut st., near Stockton; street
accepted; make offer.
SJCOO— Bcott St., near Washington: facing
pretty park; choice neighborhood; ele-
gant home; 8 roums.
$5600 — Nice home: Octavia rt.. near Broad-
way: g rooms, etc.: good neighborhood.
HAWKS _ SK ELTON. 223 Montgomery st.
WE have a few of those level lots, streets
rrmded. for $12S. As soon as the limit is
reached there will be another Increase in price.
At Santa Fe. Santa Fe.
The Coming City at Point Richmond.
All Lots Level. t . .;.-» Streets Graded.
*12S $10 Cash. tZ Monthly.
The best Real Estate Opportunity on the Pa-
clflc Ooaet.'
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
$400— MUST be sold; each 50x100; lots -on Clar-
endon Heights, Twentieth st-, near Btanyan;
f. finest view In the city.
tTSO cash, balance easy terms; fi-room cot-
tage, with bath, on Prsoita ave., near Mis-
sion: low price. _ t * ai 9' s "flti&feia— BMBMHS 1
McEffEN BROS., lit Montgomery st.
WANTED— First-class painter to buy lot or
oottage and lot and pay part In work. THE
MCCARTHY COMPANY. M Markers.
WANTED— An offer on . eleven city lote: 25x
' 112:1; fronting on three streets; 2 are corners,
125x256 feet, in block 26, Sunny side; make an
offer. Box 831. Call c ff.ee. .'
J700 — 4-ROOM sunny cottage; 6 years old: near
Bernal ,¦ Primary School. Inquire Plelhop's
grocery, 2<> Cortland ave.
BENJAMIN H. LICHTENSTEIN. Blythe
building. Gram ave., offers 65 feet by 77% on
O'FarrWl et., near Powell.
ALL sorts of financial problems solved by i H.
MURPHY. C30 Market; 2d mortgages; estates.
IF you have property north of the Park and
you wish to sell quickly, then — " — -W. J.
GUNN, 630 California st. ,
OAK_AJTD PURJTITURE FOB SALE.
AN introduction to ycu from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCITVAL— RBAL,_ ESTATE.
FRUTTVALE REAL ESTATE.
J100O— House. 4 rooms: one block from Fruit-
vale ave.: easy payments.
J70C— House, 4 rooras: one block from street-
car line; Urge lot, barn, etc.: $100 cash, bal-
ance $8 40 per month; same as rent.
J1SC0— House. 6 rooms and bath; hardwood j
mantels; large lot: chicken houses: near sta-
tion: J500 cash, balance $14 per month.
ll£00— New house, 7 rooms and bath; large
let; four blocks from station; terms to suit.
T>1200— Chicken ranch; cne acre; 2 good houses:
plenty of clear water: li minutes from Fruit-
vale station: «3C"> ca«h balance S14 per month.
JSOO— New house, 5 rooms; lot 43x143; J100.
balance $11 20 per month.
JITOO— House, 5 rooms and bath; lot 1P»x115;
good barn: city water; terms to suit.
J1500— Large modern house. ? rooms and bath:
lot EOxlSO; flne barn: cne block from Four-
teenth-st. car line; this is a lovely bom*; we
will loan you the money to buy it.
New address, W. E. RTJDELL,
HOME Bt'ILDING COMPANT.
Fruitvale ave.. south side of railroad track.
Fruitvale, Cal.
RANCH TO LET.
NEAR Hay wards. 14 acres; well Improved:
cash rent. S2t Sixteenth St.. rlty.
ROOUS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH. 1201 — Large runny front room wlta gas;
unfurnished.
EDDT. 207—2 large nicely furnished front
rooms: light housekeeping allowed; 13; quiet
house.
ELLIS. 1472— Extra large sunny front suite;
unfurnished or furnished.
ELIZABETH. It near Guerrero— FlT8 furnish-
ed housekeeping rooms; rent tlS.
HTDE. 408— Sunny front basement suite. 113:
also rear suite, yard, laundry, tit.
JACKSON*. 920, near Mason— Furnished large
sunny housekeeping rooms, f7 to tt; single. M.
MARKETT. 15T»— 4 rooras partly tarnished for
housekeeping. .
MISSION. S—H— Nicely furnished and house-
keeping rocms.
NATOMA. 243— Furnished rooms to let, II. tl JJ;
housekeeping rooms, tl 50.
NATOMA, T01— Sunny housekeeping rooma for
man and trtfe.
OAK. 119— J sunny rooms, furnished for he*.vy
housekeeping g ; yard; tU.
O'FARRELL, 742— Nicely furnished sunny par-
lors: gas. bath and phone; light housekeap-
lng; other rooms. •
FOLK. E_— Unfurnished and furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
POST, S4*-Two sunny rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; gas range.
PO W KX.Lv 4_%— J unfurnished rooma for hous*-
keeptna;. •
SECOND, 212— Ne— ly furnished; reasonable and
respectable: very convenient and qalet,
THREE nicely furnished rooms. In flat, for
housekeeping: well down town; reasonable;
with gas; references required. Box S37. Call.
VALENCIA. 1*33— Sunny alcove room, fur-
nished: light houaeksepicg; gaa and bath; no
\ children.
A BRANCH office for Call advartlsemeats and
subscriptions has been established at I 1 **
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET Fare, mad C_f-.r— .
AHLBORN HOTEL. 121 Grant are.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In dty; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms (9c up: first-class meals 25c: free coach.
A— BRUXSAVICK. House. 148 etxth— Rooms J5c
to n per night; tl 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.*
BURNETT. 142S Market (old No. 13*4)— Fnr-
nlfhed rms.. saltes. ringle; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 520 (The Elk)— Nicely furnished sunny
rm»; day, 25c up; wk.. $1 B0 up. Mrs. P. P_nft.
CLARA. 141A— Large sunny front room, far-
nlnhed. for 1 or 1 gentlemen; H 18 per week.
CLBMENTTN'A, Mil off Fourth— Furnished
front rooms; cheap; private family.
ELLIS. TCJ— Newly furnished front room; use
of plaso: reasonable.
ELLIS. 1*30— Front or back room: suitable for
one or two gentlemen; reasonable..
FIFTH. 249 — Furnished front room; rent r*a-
scnable.
GEART. 405(Tbe Na—»rre>— Elegantly furnished
rms; suite* or single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave., *_*— Salt* of rooms for
honaekeeplng: also a single room reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mlsolon sts. — Bunny rooms, en suit* or
single; ladles* parlor: reading-room; elevator.
LARTCTN. 827— Sunny Biifnrnlsted front room.
LARKIX. *l~i — ICewty furnished sunny rooms.
for gentlemen or man and wife: reaeonaMe.
LARKIN, 9M-Fnn\ished room for X with use
of parlor and piano.
LAS PALMAS, 1S30 Market St.— Suite or 3 or S
nns; private; bath; sin. rms; board optional.
LEWIS place, IS— Furnished and nnfar_shed
rooms to let; single or en suite.
MeALLISTER. JOSH — Large bay-window room,
gas. bath, grate, f?.
MINNA. tO-Clean furnished rooms from tl
per week en.
MTNJffA «67. cor. - ' Eighth— Nicely furnished
. bay- window room,, tl per week; transient,
NEW ARLINGTOX. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; S5c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 29— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electrio lights; day. wk., mo.
PERRT. 174— Bunny front parlor, nicely fur-
nished; suitable for 2 gentlemen; bath; rea-
sonable. '
PIXE, 93«, nr. Taylor — t large sunny parlors,
unfurn.; closet, gas, bath; teL: reasonable.
PINE. WO— Email, new flat: private family;
running water; rent reasonable; gentlemen.
POLK, 81»— Elegantly furnished sunny suit
with bath.
POST. 6J1— Two unfnmiehed rooms for rent;
Protestant Christian preferred; neither drink
- nor smoke.
ROTAL House, US Ellis st_— Incandescent light;
¦ reading-room, smoking-room and ladles* par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to 11 50; week, S2 to
19; month, ti to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ROSEDALB House. SIS and S21 Ellis St. — Rooms,
night, 2So to tl: week, tl 3 to H: open night.
SACRAMENTO. 1SGB— X rooms; sesarat* en-
trance; light and sunny; rent X7.
SHERMAN Apartment House, — Eighth st_.
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
BIXTH. 119A— Front rooms, dsuble and single;
gas: running water; fireplaces.
STEVENSON. ttlHB— A .— . Idow wishes a few
gentlemen roomers: new flat.
STEVENSON. 615— Furnished rooms, sing!* asd
double; gentlemen.
BTOCKTON, 701, ooraer California. — !»unny front
rooms, single or en suite.
BUTTER, J20H— Changed hands: newly rt-no-
vated; single rooms. t8: smites. t!2 to t— mo.
SUTTER. 1828 — Two nicely furnished rooms
with all modem conveniences ; rent reasonable.
BUTTER. 949— Large front room with modern
improvements: suitable for studio.
TURK. Ut^ — Furnished sunny front room .Rxlt-
- able for t gentlemen or man and wife.
VALENCIA. 471, nr. Hth— Sunny front room:
suitable for two gentlemen: private family.
t7 A MONTH: sitting and bedroom: newly
. furn.: sunny: Mason, nr. Batter. Box US, Call.
A BRANCH office tor Call adYtrti semen ts and
subscriptions has been established at IS?*
Valencia St.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT- the eld Stevenson mansion, opn. Grace
Church, with annex 807 California, it., may
be found a moat exceptionally good table. »t-
tractlve and sightly rooms at modest rates.
WANTED—! boys from Unloa: board, lodga
and washing done; CO apiece. 1214 Eight-
eenth st. ". ¦ ' ' ' i
ELLIS. 8S7— Sunny bay-window room, with
board, for two gentlemen.
..ROOMS ASD BOARD WANTED.
GENTLEMAN wtmld like room tn private- fam-
ily with breakfast, and dinner In the even-
ing: only the plainest food required: English
. family preferred. Address box nt. CalL
SPECIAL KOTICE*.
LADIES — Chlchester English Psnaj ruyal Pills
ar* - the best; safe, , reliable: ta_* no other;
send 4<j stamps for particulars: "Relief for
I— dies" In letter by return mail; at drug-
gists. - C_ Chester Chemical Co.. Pt_ad sL. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections ma4*;
city or cenn try. • PACIFIC COLLECTION CO. .
CJ Montgomery •_,. rooms »-l0; mi. MM.HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
B H Cox. Madera 1 E Hockmeyer. Cal
W M Harrington. Cal T W Milfer, Topeka
S V Kent. Salt Lake P F Erb & w. Dallas
P P Palmer & w. Can W H Savage, Cal
J Wood Jr. Sacto E E Beeman, Clevelnd
C M Davis, Pasadena O W Gardner. Clevelnd
W W Thomrwon. L An F E Smith. Cal
T Grertley. NT F Beaudry & w, Cal
P S Woolsey, Berkeley Mrs T Ofner, Portland
A W Kelly. Berkeley J B Gildersleve, Staafd
J J Murphy, U8N H W Helss, N Y
E A Strout. Stanford A C Britton, Buffalo .
Miss A Keefe. Sn Jose W Bordwell. Los An;
Mrs W Dougherty, Cal H P Wendt. Los Ang
Mies L Dougherty. Cal H W Bennett, N Y
B Dougherty, Cal C J Ball & w, Le An?
W S Baylls. Fresno H A Klerchler, Stanfd
0 Meyeenbergr. Chicago W F T>unphy. Mllbra*
1 A Waymlre, Ala J A Altschul. Melbrne
8 K Lynch. Ala J M Kirk. Chicago
L Bruclt. NY E S Church, Phlla
C Phillips. London A W Norton, Chicago
M Rosenblum. Chicago F H Cullom, N Y
J Gamape. St Louis Miss O Douglas. Portld
M RyMsburg. Chlco W S Collins, Cal
E L Doheny. Los Ang
GRAND HOTEL.
J E Leopold. Sacto R M Chenault, K City
8 E Merrltt, Napa J J Donovan, Pacto
W B Howe, S Jose A D Graham. Chgo
G F Sealt & fam, Cal U J Pfluger, Los Ang
Mrs J W Ransom, Ilex J M Burns & w, Cal
E R Bishop, Cal K B Hyde, Spokane
R de B Lopez, Cal W E Henry, San Jose
T J Savage. S Rafael II J Darling, Reno
M Douglass, Fresno M K A Klstler, Denver
P H Mack, Cala Mrs Llewellyn. Greeley
W H Savage, Cal N W Thompson, L An
IT H Sebastian. Cal I W Armstrong, Cal
D M Souden. Bkrafleld B E Mills, Syracuse
H J Baldwin &. w, Cal D Levy, Willows
A Lelter, Cal • 8 C White. Cal
H G Sauer A vr, Cal F V Flint, Sacto
A A SandahL w & son, H T Bag'ey. Alameda
Butto H Weilheimer & w, Cal
T CarrolL& tt. Colo II Domlnick. Vallejo
H Petereon it fam. Cal O M Weetcott. Cal
M Ooulden & w, Cal H F Adler, Cal
H R V Tuomley. Cal W Molr. San Jom
A Anderson, Cala^
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Moran. Vallejo C P Shockley, Mont
F P Bouton. Seattla E Gray. Le&dvUle
A Smart. Seattle J Mauleln. Mont
J Brady. Vallejo M Johnson. Mont .
T J Dw>-er & w, Ari» S Sherman. Oreron
C B Miller. New York Mrs Matthews. Ind
T> M Rafalovlch. Ancls I W Owens. Wataonvl
W H Bliss. Paaadena W Chlnn. Vallejo
T J Bliss. Pasadena T C Robinson, NY
W Brady, Wlllpwi r b Heath & w. Truck
J Burke. Vallejo J Mulroy. Ingleelde
N C Holme*. L Ang C E Sullivan. L Gatos
L> G Ratts. B&kersneld
"What kind of poetry flo you like beat?"
And the man with bent shoulders and
a weary eye never looked up from his
desk as he answered:
"TypeTCTltten."— Washington Star.
TheVolga Is the largest river In Eu
rope and the Casplanr Into which it emp
ties, Is the largest inland body of water
in the world, but neither has a natural
connection with the ocean. Freight from
the Casplan'muy go all the way eithet to
the Arctic Ocean or. to the Baltic by
means of canals that connect the Voiga
with navigable] rivers flowing: either into
the northern or^ the eastern seas; but in
order to reach the ocean from the Caspian
by either of these two canal routes it Is
necessary to cross the whole of Russia
from" its southeastern' corner, and the
routes' are very lorrg, roundabout and
therefore expensive.
People who have followed the progress
of the industrial development of Russia
have long wondered why. the Caspian has
not long ago been : connected with the
Black Sea. This union might be effected
by digging a caral between the lower Vol
ga and the lower Don at the point where
they very nearly approach one another.
The country between them Is almost per
fectly flat except for the high hills that
Bklrt the western bank of the Volga for
Eome hundreds'- of miles. If it had not
been for this chain of hills it is probable
that the Volga-Don canal ' would have
been in operation years ago.
It Is now proposed to dig this canal. The
distance is only sixty miles, the plans
have been made ' and ; the estimated . cost
is about $33,000,000. The effect of this canal
upon transportation In Russia and; a part
of Asia would lie far-reaching. It will give
Russian Central Asia and Northern Persia
water communications from the Caspian
to the ocean without involving- a Journey
northward of from 700 to 1000 miles, and it
will give the Volga, to which the most of
Central and Eastern Siberia are tributary,
an outlet to the Black Sea:
The canal will be certain to cause an im
portant diversion of Russian trade to tho
Black Sea. Three canals now connect the
Volga with the Baltic, and many hundreds
of freight boats ¦ make the . journey * every
year between the river, and St. Peters
burg. The s Volga carries about half the
rl-^er freight of Russia; and much of this
freight is drawn from the country trlbu
.tary to the lower half of, the river, which
is much nearer the - Black > Sea than the
Baltic. The Volga-Don canal 1 will there
fore tend to make the Black Sea more im
portant than .ever as the main outlet of
the agricultural . exports of Russia.— New
•York Press.
• ¦¦¦' - - ' — ~ '.'. ' ? ' — — — - — '
A Maine man sent his ' small son out to
count the new. brood : of • chickens which
had .hatched out:, that -' day. 'When the
boy returned he said: ."I counted them
all : but one.- daddy/ and that one : was
running .'round so • fast : I could: not r count
him!" ¦ . .
the Caspian to the Mediterranean,
Will Open TJp Communication From
A RUSSIAN CAlsTAIi.
But Monte Carlo la well served on the
whole. The chef de partie, who had no
ticed that all the heavy betting remained
faithful to red, even after it had won five,
six, seven times in succession, counted the
cards later on and found thirty too many.
The unfaithful croupier was conducted to
the director, and after being passed
through the third - degree, arrested.
Brought up before the Monaco tribunal,
he was condemned to eighteen months of
prison.
"The evening of the bomb" will remain
historic in the annals of llonte Carlo.
Four high-class confidence operators, of
whom two were said to be English or
American, conceived the idea of getting
away with one of the trente-et-quarante
table's stack of 1000 franc notes. The
play at this game is much higher than
that at roulette, not only because of its
lower rake-off, but because of its higher
maximum, 12,000 francs ($2400) and . the
fact— weighty with those who believe in
such things— that, once the six packs are
shuffled and cut, no chance event, like
that of a gold piece falling into a roulette
cylinder or the "Jumping" of a roulette
ball, can risk breaking "the series." The
tenacity with which many. poker players
hold to drawing their "right cards" In
the case of a turn-up arises from Just
such a consideration.
Well, these four conspirators thought
that they might get at the 150,000 francs
In big notes that each trente-et-quarante
table Is pretty sure to have in bank along
toward 10 o'clock at night. Each table
starts with this sum in gold and notes,
and winning it, with Its accumulations or
less its diminutions, constitutes "breaking
the bank." Constructing a bomb, princi
pally of loose powder enveloped in caout
chouc, they furnished it with a concealed
spiral fuse and introduced It into the large
gaming hall hidden in the high silk hat
of one of the conspirators. The others
sought places near the principal croupier
at a prosperous trente-et-quarante table,
convenient to the bank roll, and gave the
signal. He of the bomb and. plug hat,
watching his opportunity, deposited the
hat, with the bomb in it, on . the large
mantelpiece in the center of the hall, lit
It with a cigar that he had kept. palmed
for the purpose, and coolly strolled away.
Suddenly a formidable explosion filled the
casino with clouds of thick smoke and in
describable alarm. .
Hats were smashed, coats torn, gowns
ripped and gas brackets loosened. .The
four conspirators had calculated that, be
sides creating great clouds of smoke, the
explosion would put out the lights.
Happily for the bank the gas only, went
out. The petroleum lamps., which are re
tained for double safety, despite the
march of improvement, continued feebly
to light the scene. They made light
enough for the cool-headed croupiers,
who, faithful to their trust, stood on the
alert to guard the bank roll. ' There was a
dash made— and two of the conspirators
were taken into custody. That , they tore
away the next moment and escaoed is
only a detail. '" H TTlMIBIlp' '¦" "WrajOTnifflm
The band of eighteen .Italians .who, a
few. years ajro, won the £00,000 s francs in
one month from the; bank, owed, their
: good fortune not so much to active as to
passive fraud. They bet on the physical
1 defects of • a particular. roulette.-, .Was it
fraud? ¦';¦¦ The Casino people thought < so,
though they could not see ¦ their ' way to
' prosecuting the , offenders. Perhaps it
i would be best to call it an Indelicacy.
i In any case, these Italian geniuses • be
pan by observing; that-the roulette*ma
chine at table number 2 ; had a manifest
At the moment when the attention of all
was distracted, one of the syndicate
slipped into the unfaithful tailleur's hand,
on top of the other cards he held, several
similar cards arranged to make red win
eight times in succession. The game
started up again. The syndicate bet on
red, and, in the space of a few minutes,
relieved the Monte Carlo bank of 700,000
francs, or $140,000. ,
The syndicate was made up of an ex
croupier at the time operating a clende3
tlne roulette at Nice; a man without pro
fession, his woman friend, an employe of
the ex-croupier and five other individuals
of the same morality, who got away. The
60,000 francs capital Of the syndicate was
divided equally among the nine, who sta
tioned themselves around their partner's
table. "When it came his turn to take the
bank they made ready. He gave the sig
nal. Immediately three or four of his
associates demanded gold for 1000 franc
notes from the three other croupiers of
the table. At the same instant tne lady,
who had remained standing, let fall to
the floor a handfuil of gold twenty-franc
pieces. It stopped the game, because
many of the players had to make room
for the servants to pick up the coins.
A little before Christmas, 1899, when
Nice and Monte Carlo had filled up wllh
their sporting cosmopolitan winter popu
lations, one of the trusted employes of
the bank, a croupier, made a combination
with nine other Christmas money-seekers
to defraud his own trente-et-quarante
table.
The next morning, however, it was M.
Boulant's turn to be surprised. Entering
the salon a few hours after their opening,
he found the Italians at their accustomed
places, playing— and winning — as if noth
ing had happened. He was more than
surprised a moment after, when, on care
ful examination, he discovered that the
unlucky cylinder had been brought back.
Who had replaced It? It mattered little,
and the traitor in the camp was never
discovered. An order was Issued for the
guilty machine to be broken up into kind
ling wood, the syndicate ceased betting
on Its chosen numbers, and the bank
ceased losing 13,000 francs a day at table
No. 2.— Philadelphia Inquirer.
The next morning the Italians entered
with a business-like briskness. They had
come to collect their income, as usual.
Seating themselves at table No. 2 they
prepared to play. All at once it was no
ticed that they hesitated. They exchanged
glances. They began consulting. They
re-examined the roulette cylinder with
furtive glances. Then they packed away
their gold and bank notes, got up and
strolled away, conversing earnestly. It
was equivalent to a confession. The syn
dicate was surprised into committing an
error. It ought to have continued play
ing.
The Italians had been observed by this
time. They were known to be the guilty
—winners. Had they found a sure-wln
ningr system? The administration laughed
at the idea. It was remarked, neverthe
less, that the Italians always played at
the same table, and always on the single
numbers en plein or a cheval. This awak
ened the suspicions of the administrator,
M. Boulant, and caused him, later in the
day, to do what would be done after a
week's bad luck at present. He ordered
the unlucky roulette cylinder to be put
aside. Another was substituted; and they
sat down to watch the result.
' Daniel Scales to Paolo A. Domartlni, south
east corner of- Green and Dupont, 6S:9xS3:6.
$19,000; Minnie Brown et al. to Jonas Schoen
feld, east line of Front, 88:2 feet north from
Pine. 90:8x43:5 l 5&x5<b:46:5%x90, and "east line
Front. 88:2 feet north from Pine. 50x136:%. V.4.
000; Jonas and Selma Schoenfeld to W. Gisel
man. same two pieces, $155,250; Atlantic, Gulf
and Pacific Company to Union Trust Company,
tendency to repeat frequently the Fame
sumbers: 0, 8, 12, 14, 15, 17, 24,28 and 31. This
discovery led them to experiment a cheval
on the numbers 12—15. 14—17, and 2S— 31.
which happen to be neighbors on the
"layout," and en plcln "on the single
so.uares of 0, 8 and 21. Divided into sev
eral groups, relieving each other every
two hours, they began betting heavily
from the opening of the palons till their
closing. At the beginning the chef de
partle, the croupiers, the lookouts, spies
and detectives who are banded around
each table to protect it. paid no attention
to them. After several days, however,
habituated thoush they were to pay out
big sums and looking Indifferently on phe
nomenal mns of luck, the bank's protec
tors began worrying. Night after nig-ht
they were bringing back no profits lo the
general cashier. Often they brought him
heavy losses. They themselves asked to
be changed from table No. 2, which they
i declared to be hoodoced. A new set of
croupiers and watchers was put In their
place. Still table No. 2 continued losing
money. In two months it had cost the
administration over JSOO.000 francs, or 13,000
francs a day.
Some of the larger transactions, with
the considerations involved, that have
been put on record during the past week
are as follows' *;—
C. H. Eggebrecht with J. T. Mclnnls, for
alterations and additions to a one-story and
basement building on the west line of Baker,
between Golden Gate avenue and Turk. $9ST:
Milton A. Morgan with J. Kalghln and Thomas
Caine, for all work on a two-story frame resi
dence on the east line of Tremont avenue, 721
south from Frederick, $2200; Mrs. E. Westwater
with Ira W. Coburn, for all work on a two
¦tory frame building on the' west line of
Twenty-fourth avenue, 100 feet north from
Lake. $2320; I. Masmin & Co. with Gustav Mol
ler and Louis Sass, for alterations in and about
ground floor and putting up store fixtures in
Columbian building on north line of Market
street, between Stockton and Powell, $813* 40;
same owners with John Slmmen. for glass
counter cases for same building. $1276.
Alterations and additions to be made by
Herbert E. Law to the two-story building
on the northeast corner of Vallejo street
and Van Ness avenue will cost $7929. Al
bert Sutton is the architect. .
-Building- contracts have been placed on
record as follows:
A three-story and basement frame build
ing containing flats will be placed on the
east line of Shrader street, north from
Beulah, by Wiley B. Wilson. The cost will
be $7000.. ¦
A double two-story and basement frame
building will be built on the north line of
Bay street, east from Taylor, to cost $4700.
William Wolf will erect four three-story
frame buildings containing flats on the
north line of Ellis street, 27:6 feet east
from Octavia, to cost $25,000. Salfield &
Kohlberg are the architects.
County lands as. follows: One hundred and
eighty acres elx . miles southwest of Watson
vllle ' from L. J.' Dratton to J. McFarr, for
$5000; an improved place of forty acres at Los
Gatos from \V. Winn to A. J. Crumbell. of
Grand Rapids. Mich., for $4000; a tract of 250
acres of farm and pasturage land near the
headwaters of the Navarro River in Mendoeino
County from L. Bolline to W. Chester for $250u;
four tan-acre pieces in Misvale colony, Madcra,
at $1 000 each. :
I. C. Scharff reports sales of
The California Club has ' invited Henry
P. Sonntag to addrsss the civic section
on January 9 and he will speak of thirty
two matters directly concerning municipal
and State interests. .- ' ¦ •>
P. W. Kern treasurer; J. E. Mallory. P.
Griffin,: D. Powers, J. D. Hannah, A. Gil
bert, J. Neal and J. W. McDonald execu
tive committee.
How Shrewd Gamblers Have
Schemed to Plun
der It.
THE BANK AT
MONTE CARLO
The closing week of the year has natur
ally been somewhat quiet in the realty
market. The larger transactions have
involved property south of Market street.
These have not been numerous, but thev
are significant of the steady drift of cap
ital toward the business section of tho
city. In this evidence ;s given of the be
lief of the public in the solid growth of
the community on commercial and indus
trial lines, the essential element in con
tinuing prosperity.
F. C. Peters has sold to N. C. Masten
the Newport block property on the south
erly line of Mission street. 91:S feet east
from Beale, 45:10x137:6, for $50,000. The
improvements consist pf a three-story
frame building. The brokers were Bovee,
Toy & Sonntag.
Mary L. Gibb has sold to T. B. Clark
eon property on the southerly line of Mis
sion street, 106:10 feet southeast from New
Montgomery, the lot being 25x80. for $15,
000. There are old buildings on the lot.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag effected the sale.
The land department of the San Fran
cisco Savings Union has sold 1330 acres
of grazing and farming land in Glenn
County for $7700; 184 acres of vine land
near Reedley. In Fresno County, for $5000;
160 acres of pasture in Tulare county for
$1150, and 40 acres of sweet potato land In
Merced County for $1600.
George M. WIIcox has sold for the Vll
leneuve estate to Adrian Goursoulle a lot
¦with two old houses on Marcy place, 22x
106, for $2275: also two lots on the east
line of Stelner streot, 87:6 south from
Green. 25x137:6 and 26x137:6, et the rate
of $60 per front foot.
A. J. Rich & Co. are enlargin- and im
proving their offices, business having
compelled them to extend.
Scott & Harris have removed to 804
Montgomery street from Post street.
Thomas Denigan will build six flats on
the southwest corner of Mary and Nato
ma streets.
General R. H. "Warfield has purchased,
through the agency cf Bovee, Toy &
Sonntag, from John Brown, a lot on the
southwest line of First street. 92:8 south
from Mission, 21x75. lor $11,000. The same
brokers have sold for the estate of Mai v
T. Stratton to S. P. Rosenthal, for $7750.
a lot 30x110. with residence, on the cor
ner of Asbury and Fell streets.
The Builders' Association has elected
officers for the ensuing year. James Mc-
Inerney is president, I. W. Coburn vies
president, M. Lindsay recording secre
tary, G. G. Gillespie financial secretary,
The first of Maine's two six masted
schooners, the George \V. Wells, launched
at Camden on August 14, has been rigged,
fitted out and towed to sea, and by this
time she must have reached -one of the t
coal ports to take in her first cargo. The |
second six-master, says the Belfast, Me., !
correspondent of the Chicago Inter-Ocean, J
1b still on tne stocks at Bath, and will De |
launched in a few weeks. Unusual Inter
est is felt in her, not only because she is
a rival of the Camden giant, but also be
cause she is to be commanded by tne
smartest skipper on the coast. Captain
Lincoln Jewett of South Portland, famil
iarly known all along shore as "Line"
Jewett.
When he was a fisherman, sailing a lit
tle smack out' of Portland, he gave the
fish dealers there a turn which made their
eyes stick out. One cold and blustery
day in winter he came into Portland with
a good fare 'Of -fish and found the market
bare. The weather had been so bad that
no one could get anywhere or catch any
thing, and so it looked like a harvest time
for Captain Line with his good fare. The
flsh dealers, however, thought differently.
They argued that the weather was so
stormy that Jewett would have to stay
In Portland and dispose of his fare there
at whatever price .was offered, and so
they made a pool, agreeing to pay only a
certain price, with the understanding that
the flsh should be divided among them.
But the scheme, didn't work. Captain
Jewett told them all to go to thunder,
and, to the amazement of all hands, got
under way in a howling snowstorm for
Gloucester, where he arrived' all right and
got a high price for his fare. The Port
land fish dealers never tried after that to
get the better of Captain Jewett. "There's
no tellin' what the crltter'fi do," said one
of them. And there wasn't.
Once Captain Line astonished the ship
ping world by a feat that is without a
parallel in the annals of the coasting
trade. There was a great scarcity of coal
in Portland, one winter a few years ago,
and the Notman was one of a fleet of
lourteen sailbound to Portland from vari
ous places with the much wanted fuel.
They had bad weather coming down from
the capes of the -Delawarer-and when a
furious storm came up most of them went
into Vineyard Haven or some other har
bor of refuge Captain Jewett, however,
was in no mood for loafing in harbors. He
knew that if he got into Portland with
the whole fleet he might have to wait for
weeks to get discharged, so he kept right
along, regardless of the weather. So it
was that, while the other vessels were
reported as' "arrived" at the Vineyard,
the Charles P. Notman was reported in
this way:
"Passed schooner Charles P. Notman
Jewett. Newport News for Portland."
"Passed!" That little word in the Vine- !
ya,rd ship news made, the owners of the
Notman look thoughtful, for they knew
what the weather was. • while sailormen
declared that "Line" Jewett was crazy,
sure enough. The snowstorm continued,
with a howling northeaster to spin It
along, and the next afternoon, after pass
ing the Vineyard, the Charles P. Notman
flew in by Portland Head like a towering
snow bank. The lightkeeper stared when
she went by, as If he had seen an 'appari
tion, and when the big schooner came
tearing up the harbor the few longshore
men who happened to be about were as
1 tonished. Up she came with everything
on her and rounded to. off the coal docks.
Then, to the amazement of all who saw-
It, Captain Jewett actually- docked her
without the aid of a tug— he just brought
hereto and backed her 'into her berth.
' When he got there all the berths were
¦ empty and all the stevedores loafing, so
that he got quick dispatch in discharging,
i Two days afterward, on his return trip,
1 when he was running down by Cape Cod.
• he met all the rest of the fleet coming
I up. and: made, a few cheerful remarks to
: such of them as passed within hall con
! cernlng quick passages, loafing in harbors
. and getting- around the world generally,
i Had he waited In the vineyard for good
• weather he would have got Into Portland
: with the bunch, and, as vessels have to
; take. thoir turn in discharging, he might
, have had to wait two weeks qr more be
fore he got .the coal out of the Charles P.
• Notman.'
j It was by such performances as this
> that "Line" Jewett climbed the ladder of
i succrss from s the 'little fishing smack to
' the four-master. ; He has been successful
. in other "ways, too, and now he is to be
i commander, of one of the two wonders of
> the. shipping, world— the first two slx
- masted schooners ever built.— New York
l o nri "i1f1tTTiTWftWMWIIIIItiillTOtWM»WWWM»Bi
Nautical Feats that Have
BroughtPame to Captain
''Line" Jewett.
HE IS A BOLD
YANKEE SKIPPER
southwest line of Main, 137:8 feet northwest
from Harrison. 50x137:6, $19,600.
The Probate Court has confirmed the
sale of the southwest corner of Pine and
Fillmore streets from the estate of Lucy
Armstrong to Frederick Strelbel for $12,
250. ¦
Mortgages have been executed as fol
lows:
Sarah B. and Drury Melone to the Hlbernia
Savings and Loan Society, lot on SE corner of
Valencia and Quinn streets, E 80UV4 by S 32;
also lot on K line of Valencia fttreet. 103 S of
Quinn, K SO by S V); also lot on H line of
Valencia street, 32 S of Quinn, S 23:8 by E SO:
also lot on E line of Valencia street. 163 N of
Fourteenth. E 180, X 205. W 99:7%; S 143:7V«.
\V" SO, S 54; also lot on E line of Valencta
street, 55:8 S of Quinn, S 47:4 by E 80, 1 year
6 per cent. $35,000; Mary A. Carroll to the San
Francisco Savings Union. SW California street
and Van Ness avenue. 72x137. $25,000: Mary E.
and John H. von Schroeder to the Savings and
Loan Society, $60,000 for two years at 6V4 per
cent on S corner Harrison street and Rincon
place. -0y
The larger releases of the week were as
follows:
San Francisco Savings Union to Mary A.
Carroll, SE California street and Van Ness
avenue, 72x145:3, $25,000; San Francisco Sav
ings Union to Charles Blach, S Ellis, 180:8 E of
Buchanan. 76x120, $12,600.
Building's upon which San Francisco
contractors have been offered a chance
to figure are a detention hospital at San
Andreas, Calaveras County; a Court
house and vault for Wheeler County,
Oregon; a two-story brick high school
building- at Modesto; a brick workshop at
Hackaberry Indian School, Arizona; for
heating and ventilating a grammar school
building In Seattle. *
The rebuilding* of the woolen mills at
Marysville will coat $100,000. All but $22,000
has been raised.
At the twelfth annual meeting of the
board of directors of the San Francisco
and Oakland Mutual Loan Association
Secretary A. Sbarboro reported that tho
shares of the first series had matured to
the full value of $200 per share.. There are
312% free shares which are entitled to
$52,500 and will be paid on the second day
of January. . There are also 46^ shares
pledged for loans amounting: to $9700. and
the shareholders of these will be given a
clean release of their mortgages. The as
sociation has issued twelve series of
stock and has now outstanding 2140V£
6hares. • Since its incorporation it has
made 247 loans amounting to $402,027 87. of
which 1C0 amounting to $257,603 27 have
already been repaid, leaving now out
standing eighty loans aggregating $144,
361. It has also paid out to withdrawn
members $202,718 for installments and $52,
501 GO for earnings, making a total of $315,
379 60. The board of directors have ordered
Issued, 1000 shares of stock of the thir
teenth series.
Review of the Prevalent Conditions and Some of the. Big Sales
L/uring tne rast vveeK.
MOVEMENT OF REAL ESTATE
IN AN D ABOUT SAN FRANCISCO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -SUNDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1900.
30
•' Leaves aiaa Francisco, .via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:13 a. m.; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
BCNDAYS....r..8:00, :. 10: 00.^11: 10 and 1:15 p. m.
-" Fare. Ean Francisco to Summit ' and Return.
'$1 40. .--»•-¦.- --'i- ¦»¦.-•-¦-• ¦¦;• -4 . -.,-,,- «-¦-•
NEVT. TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
¦ Ticket orflces. C2X Market it, Sauaallto Ferry.
BAILHO AD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
NOVTIIKKK rAl'iriV I'OJIPiBT.
(PAOiriO STSTEV.t
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
tiAvi — From DtocMBta L 1900. — AKaiva
«7<OOA Brnlel*. Suisnn, Elia!rm, Tac*Tillo,
Kumaej and 3acrameiito . . ,. "TMnp
•7sO«a Shasta Express-Dark. Williams (for
Bartlett Sprlnjs), Willows, Bed
Bluff, Portland •72«*f
•7iS« a Mutliiti, S»n U»inon.Valleta N»p»,
CalUtnga »nj Raut» Itou ••••¦)•>
•SiOOa Dmiis, Woodland. Kntgbti Landing,
MarjiTille.Orotllln •7ill#
•SiOOa Atlantic Kxpress— Ofden and Kail •Ki4Ht
•SiO<>± Nilei, Liwmore, Xnej. Latfcrop.
Stockton •7iIS»
¦SiSOa Bait Jo«<r, IJTennore. Htockton,
Ion*. Sacramento. FlaocrTlU*.
Murjstllla. Chico, lte«t I'.luft Mil»r
•S:3Oa Oakdalr, Chines*, Honor*. Carters... MjISp
•U:«i»\ H»y wmJi. I.'ilts and War HUtloni. •! I :«»»
•u»o«» a Los An«ele* Express — Muttnex.
Tracy. L*ttir<ip. .Stockton, M»rced
I.>evio ami Lc« Ang«I«e r 7 '??'
¦9i3»a, Vall.-jo. M»rt!n-x »ni\ Way .Station* '»!t»r
• IOioua Th« OTerUndIJn>lted— Ojdoa, Vtn-
Ter.Oo.aha, Chieaji «e:43p
¦IIsOOa Mien, gtookton, riaoramenlo. Men*
dota. Fresno, Ilaufoid. Vl«alia,
rort»r»Ill« Miiap
•HiOOa Lirermore. Banger. Goahen Jone-
tion. Bakersfield. Los Angeles
fliOOr Sacramento Utter Steamura faiOfU
•3:«Wr Hajwards, NUct and War Stations. *3i4Sr
MiiHip Martinez. Hau lUmiu, Valle)o.
.{»|>ii. Uall^kncit. Mauta ICoaa •llilS*
•Iionr ll-nic!», WinMra. Hacramento.
Woodland. KnigliU Landluc.
Mary»Till«, Oroflllo •l»j*riA
*4tX»p HsywarOs. Mies and fi«n.io«» t**:t^»
•3:00i> NUes. Lifermore and Stockton • I O:I5a
o5:0t>r BuDirt limited. El Paso, New
Orleans and East. el«»:13*
•SsOOrTlia Owl Limited— Tracy, Kre«uo.
UakersfieUl. Kansua fcr Uanta liar-
bara, Los Angeles i 'IOiISa
•StOOrNew Orlracc Express-llakorstleld.
Santit Barliara.IjOS Angelea, Dein-
iiiK. El Paso. New Orleans and
Kast *7i«!1a
•OtOOp Hay wards. Miles and Hau Jo«9 # W**
1H:OO|- Vallejo # l lt4S»
•d««r Oriental Mail-Ocden. Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago •*!«»
•8:00p Oriental Mail— Ogden. Denter.
Omaba. Chicago...... •¦iilSr
•~:OOp Oregon and California Kirren.Haa.
ruinent... Uarystllle. fUAMmft, ¦
I'nrtlancl, J'liget Honml ki»1 lUet *Sif.iA
•MtOSrSan Pab'.o, F»rl Costa, Msrtlaei
anil Way HUtions ll> 12*
t»;O3p Vall«] •lifts*
COAST IU VISION (Nurrow l«an K e).
(Foot or Market Street.*
• »:ir, A Nenttrk.C'entertilltf,8aii.lo3e,KrltOD,
IloiiUivrCrpek.SantaOrnzandWar
HUUoim ««i*»f
fStlllp Newark. Cantervllle, San .Ini-t, Kew
Almaden. fi.Itou. ISonlder Creek.
Banta Crux and l'rinoiiial Way
.Stations t •«»»•»
•4iI3p Newark, Han Jose, LosQatos 'SiIOa,
a1>-::ou Uuntora" Exeruralon. San Jose and
WaySUtlona t~»«»P
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtmSlS ratSCISM— fnt «f B»rk»t Slreil «S!i? 81—
17:15 9.00 11:00A.M. 1:03 3:33 l--Z>M.
rr»OtIU*D— n«t *rir:ii«ir.— tiVOO ta:OO t3.-CJ
_ 10:00>.M. H:C3 8:C3 t:S3 »S:C3r>.U.
COAST I» VISION (ttroaiH.'ange).
"jT/~-' (Third and Tovrngcwl Sti.)
jttlMA. Ocean View, riontb daai Francixoo.. t«:!l<»p
•7iOOa Nan Jose kh.1 Way SUtlnns (New
Alm»<len We.lne«<Jays only) •!!»•»•
•Mtt N>n Jose. Trea 1'liioc. 8unU Cnr*.
raoiUo <>rot«. 1'asn Knble*. Han
: Luis Olil«|io, Hnrf, Lompoc and
: I'riiidpal Way rUatinns Mile*
! MDilnt 8*n Jose ami Way Htatlous '«i:Wi
¦Iliao* Han Josaami Way HUUona "Si-IO*
|MSr Ban Mateo, It-^vrood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara, flan .lose.
Tres Finos, Santa Onu, Salinas,
Monterey and I'aclfie Oro»B tlOiBt!*
fSsSOp Han .lose anrt Way Stations "Ts3»f
i lil.ir San Joioau.J Principal Way Stitlnni • J: !.¦»»
tS:»Of San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations _ -ISiOOs
*Si30r Sau.loie ami Principal Way Stations *tUSSa
•ili.-top fean.Tnss&nJ Way .Stations ?>«:«<»»
«ll:4np dan Joseand Way Stations *7t3l>p
A for Mor;iii>s. P for Afternoon.
¦ * Pally. t rtnmlay ezeepted. J Suudar only.
7 Jfondays, Wednesday*. Fridays,
c Tueidajs, Tbursda j-3. Sandt y*,
a Saturday onlr
CALIFORNIA NORTWESTEBN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND KuBTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market SL
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. S:00. 11:00 a. m.; 11:3*. t:».
6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at ll:i)
&m. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1:50 and
:30 p. m.
SUNDATS— 8:00, 9:S0. 11:00 a. m. ; l:<0. 3:30. »:«*,
• :20 !¦. rn.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK l>ATb-«:lU. 7:50. »::0, U:10 a. m.; 11:44,
1:40, 8:10 p. m. Saturdays—Extra trips at 1:M
and «:J5 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 3:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40. 3:05.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Scbuetsca Park.
earne schedule as above. '
~ Leave j In Effect I Arrive
Ean Francisco. | Nov. 7. 1300. I San Francisco-
Week I Sun- I "^ I Sun- I "Week
Days. ( days. ( Destination^ days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am S:40am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. S:06 pm 10:25 am
B:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm »:« pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:15 am
BealdsbnrsV
Lyttoh.
Geyservllle.
1:30 pm tM am Cloverdale. 7:33 ptn «:M pra
7:30 ami I Hopland I I
I 8:00 ami and Uklah. I 7:35 pm[ 6:ii pm
7:10 ami 7 - ~~ wlsTm"
[8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:S9 p;n| \ * :t: P m
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 1:15 ami 8:40 am
? I ¦"¦*" I and I I
8:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen, f 6:05 pm| t:Zl pm
7:30 am] 8:00 ami . l 1 ? 1^' 8 ™! 1 ?^ Km
»:30 pmf 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. I 7:M pm[ 6:22 pm
Staces connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Spring: st
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for - the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Hichland Springs. Kelseyvilje, Carts-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Sprlnga; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter VaJUy.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. Backntll's.
Eanhedrln Heights. Hullvills, Orr"s Hot Springs.
Mendoeino City. Fort Bragg-. "Westport. Usal.
Wlllets. Laytonvlle, Cummlngs. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Cisens, Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. j" '
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
bevond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, (30 Market St.. Chrcnicls bulld-
Jng. R. X. RYAN.
M. C. WHITINO. Oen. Paa*. Agt.
Oen. Manager. :
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy
LEA\ r E I MARKET-STREET FERRY DEPOT.
Local Over- Stock-
Express • land ton
Dally. Dally. Local.
Leave— -
San Francisco 7:10 am 8:C0 pm 4:20 pm
Arrive —
Stockton 10:25 am 11:05 pm 7:25 pm
Merced .' 12:23pm 1:15am ."
J'Tesno 2:20 pm 3:03 am
Htndford .... 4:22 pm 7:06 am ......;.
Vlsalla ....... 4:10pm 4:45am...
Tularn .... — 4:27 pm 5:05 am ....;...
Bakerefleld ... 6:10 pm! ' 7:30 am
-Kansas. City.. .1 , 7:30am
Chicago ...... I . 9:00 pm
• » A. M. train is the CALIFORNIA LIMITED.
, Corresponding train arrive* at 5:53 P. M. dally.
4:M P: M. Is . STOCKTON LOCAL. Corre-
srx^nding train arrives 11:05 ~ A." M.*> daily.
E:CO P. M.-ls the^. OVERLAND EXPRESS,
with through N Palace and Tourist Sleepers.
Corresponding: train arrives at 5:53 V. M. daily
: . 7:20 A. - M. is BAKERSFIELD LOCAL, stop-
ptns at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
respond Ing train arrives «t S:40 A. M. dally.
•OFFICES— «41 MARKET ST. and in FERRY
,-J DEPOT. PAN FRANCISCO; 1US BROADWAY
. OAKLAND.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September 3U, 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— «:55. *9:13.- 11:00 a. m.. "1:43.
3:15. 4:00, S:15. *«:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael . on Mondays, Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at J:CO and 11:35 p. m,
SUNDAYS— •&:&). »10:00. 'l^SO a. m.. «1JJ.
3:15. »4:45^ 6:C0. 8:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•> run to San Quetttln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20. »6:30, 7:45, 9:30 a. m,.
•li:S0. 1:43. *3:Z0. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at «:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:10. *S:00, *IO:C0. •11:43 a, ro..
•1:40. »2:15. 4:45. *i:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quent'.n.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:35. »:C0 a. m..
12:33. 2:10. 3:3i>. 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
-SUNDAYS— S. -Co, 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:13, 3:$0.
8:00, 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. m. week da.-s — Cazadero and way
stations.
1:43 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way
stations.
8:C0 a, m. Sundays— Tomales and way
stations.
GO EAST "OUR WAY" and you
need not make a single change of "
cars, San Francisco to Chicago.
Only one change to Boston.
':'. V , From Sifi Francisco TuMdiy* and Thurtdsyt—
SiIiTlmi'Lnliill W- n^ orni Q 9n *' al Agsiti
jr*ij4lifc£gWj| 631 MarUot Street.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
tf. Steamers leave Broadway
1"jj» wharf, San Francisco:
|8iN^_ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.,
Pvfj?^. Dec. 12, 27. Jan. 1. Chang:* ta
1^1'^^^" 3 *\ company's «team«r9 at Seattle.
fcgrfcSSv£-J For Vtctcria. Vancouver (B.
B'*^«*O C.), Pert To-arnsend, Seattle,
jW5N^<^f!it Taocma, Kv»rett. Ar.acortes
ar.J New Whatcnm (Waih.) —
11 a. m.. Dec. S3. 27. Jan. 1
and every fifth day thereafter.
Charge at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Dec
24. 23, Jan. 3, and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stepping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Anseles and Redocdo (Lo* An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. n.;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. M6nterey, San Simeon. Cay-
uccs. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Oavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Anseles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a, m, : steamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Masdalena Bay, San Jom del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa. Rosalia
and Guayroaa (Hex.)- 10 a. m. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company' a
fol(!«rs.
The company reserves tha ri*ht to ehar.rs
steamers, sailing; dates and hours of aaUlnar
without previous notice.
TICKKT OFFICE—* N«w Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Airents.
10 Market St.. Ean Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Ss«"ar-srreet "Wharf at 10 a. ra.
FARF eL 2 / !rst 5'2f s Including Berth
rnllL $s Second Class and M«als.
COLUMBIA Sails Dec. 14. Jan. S
GEO. W. ELDEU Sails Dec 3
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butts.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points E*st.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
830 Market at.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WTLX. LEAVE 'WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board oa day of !
sailing.
ES. AMERICA MART
Saturday. December », 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January 24. 1331
SS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 19. 1391
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frelsrht and passage apply at company' ¦ office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
V*VT TOES. SOUTHAMPTON, 1091)05. FXSXS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, ¦westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. ra.
St. LouiJ Dec. 25lNoordland Jan. H
New York Jan. 2 Ftiesland Jan. M
Kensington Jan. SlVaderland Jan. SO
RED STAR LINE;
New York and Antwerp,
From New York Every Wednesday, 13 Noon.
Westernland ...Dec. MINoordland Jan. If
"Westernland ...Jan. 2 Frlesland Jan. 23
Kensington Jan. 9!Southwark Jan. 89
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast.
30 Montgomery st.
oeeanfes,sxo.slli
BS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia.
- Wednesday, January 2. 1301. at » p. ra.
BS AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday. January S, 1 p. m.
SS ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday, January 18. 2 p^ rn-
I u. SP5E5KIS & BROS. CO., Beera! Agants. 327 Barb) St
Ban'l Passanger Q!5a, 643 Karfct St., Per lo. 7. Pacx Jt
PANAMA R. R. TSf
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
S. S. ROAHQKE sails January 8,
S. S. ST. PAUL sails January 29,
yrom wharf, foot of Fremont •«¦,«»».»
Freight and passenger offtce. MO MarJcet »t.
F. F. CONNOR.' Pacific Coast Agent.
C0JIPAQ3IE BENIRALE THAKSATLANTIQnB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS-
Sailing erery Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, ¦ — «¦»
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. tfS and upward. Saccnd ctaM to
Havre. *45 and upward. GENERAL AOENCT
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. M
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FUGAZI ft CO.. Pacific Coast Ag-rots »
Montgomery avenue, Pan Francisca Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND~~RIVJra STEAMERS.
FOR U. S."NAYfYARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticiella"
M0N..Tue«.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 8:45
a. m.. 3:15. 8:80 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m and 3:30: Sunday* 10:30 a. rn.. S
p m. Landing and office. Ml'sion-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 15C&
FARE ¦ ¦'. Wo.
WeSylllioWIS
r«-T r<2S Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BARUCH— In this city. December 29. WOO.
Mortti Baruch. beloved brother of 61mon.
Isidor and Bernhard Baruch. Mrs. B. Blu-
menthal and Mr.. I. ElchwaJd. a «a«ve «*
Loebau. Germany, aged 3S years- « months
and a days. <New York, St, Loul« and Los
Anceles papers please copy.)
C7Friends are respectfully Invited to -tt-
tf-nd.tl-e funeral «ervic«s to-morrow
day), et 10 o clock, at the paronoT^ «™y
& Co , 641 Sacramento street. Interment tiiii*
of Eternity Cemetery, by train leaving Third
and TownVend streets at 11:30 o'clock.
BENAVJTES- In the City and County Hospi-
tal December 29 1900. Antone Benavite*. a
~&iive of California, aged 43 years.
EOND-In Vallejo, December 19, 1900. Mar? • O.
relict of th« late Jonathan Bond, belched
rnotberct Dr. Frederick T. and Mi w Li" 1 * 11
Jt Bond of Vallejo. and eister of Mrs. Abbie
A. Clark of Oakland, a native of r.ew Hamp-
* r7Tripn<3s end acquaintances are respect-
fuliy iiviied to attend the funeral to-morrow
iMn'rdav afternoon. December 21. li>C0 from
Mien: c Hall. Valient 2 o'clock under the
ijtt>ue« of Silver S?tar Chapter >.o. 3 O. E.
S interment Masonic and Odd Fellow*
BOTTCHEB-In the City and County Hospital
December 23. 190". Fritz Bottchcr. a native
of Germany, SR'ed 52 years. «»«,-.»
CI-^PP— In ' his cit y- Dfcember _27. 1900. E.O.
CHI r aKed 49 years. A member of the Mu-
rieUnV Mutual Protective niion No. C and
i:-. president of the .San Francisco Labor
R*>d acquaintances a** «T*P*« t "
fu' v invite-d to attend the funeral this day
iSundav). at ltd! o'clock, from Union-square
liall 4-1 Post street, where funeral services
-•i'l"be~h«-;d under the auscices of the Musl-
ciana* Mutual Protective Union. Remains at
the parlor* of H. P. Petersen & Co ; 2» Mc-
Allister street. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
COLVH-In this city. Mrs, M. IC Couch.
mcthrr of Mr*. J. W. Gould and Ira Couch.
CT-Friends aid acQuaintance* «*.«epect-
fttlS i-vlted to attend the funeral this day
tcu^fisv) Et 2 o'clock, from her late resl-
dVnoe :S04 Pine street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
CRAIG-In the City and CountyHosrital. De-
cenaer 29, 1920. Thcraas F. Craig, a native
of Scotland, aged 39 years.
t>aLT— In this city. December 28. 1900. John
A beloved eon cf Mrs. W. J. McDonald and
the late Martin Daly, and brother of James
S.T A William Daly. Mrs. William L. Dolan
tr.d the late Mary E. Daly, a native of San
Krancisco. aged 20 years and 7 months.
C7"Frien<5s and acquaintances are respect-
fu"v invited to attend the funeral this da)
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 901 Illinois street, thence to St. Tere-
Fa's Cburcb. where a requiem mass wU. De
raid for the repose cf his soul, commencing
at ?:*; 'o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Court America
"Co 3 F. of A., will please meet at our lodge-
room.' Tennessee street, at 8:45 o'clock, this
riar (Sunday) to attend the funeral of our
'a-V brother. John Daly. By order of Chief
ila-rer I- SULLIVAN. Secretary.
DKLURT-In this city. December IS 1900.
Elizabeth, dearly beloved wife of William
l*lury mother cf David Golee. and Bister of
Jonoph Klrby. a native of Ban Francisco.
eircd 25 years 1 month and 20 daye. tTracy
;apers please copy.)
rTT .F.-icnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
fSuiday). at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Caftaenetto & Ravenna. €43 and Ui Vallejo
street.
EPS ELL— In this city. December 29. 1900.
Jacob W. Edsell. beloved son of Mrs. D. P.
Smith- and brother of Mrs. W. A. Burns, a
native cf New York City, aged 40 years 11
months and 2S days.
CThe funeral will take place to-morrow
fSIor.cav), at 11 o'clock, from the residence of
his brother-in-law. W. A. Burns. S03 \ alen-
cia street. Interment strictly private. Cj--
jresii Lawn Cemetery.
EITZEN— In this city, December 27. 1300,
Mrs. Carolina Eltzen. dearly beloved mother
of William J. Christ, a native of Hamburg,
Germany, aged 48 years and 7 months.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
< Sunday) at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 2766 Twenty-first etreet, between Bry-
ant and Florida. Interment Odd Fellows
Cemeter:'-
FOLEY— In this city, December 2S. 1900. Fran-
c's Linus, beloved son of William E. and
Margaret A. Foley. and brother of Thomas
M. William R. and Alfred E. Foley. a na-
tive of San rVanclsco, aged 3 years 3 months
CTThe funeral will take place this day
< Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the cafents. 1-14 Alvarado street. Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
GIL1..IGAN— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated to-morrow <Monday). for
the repose of the soul of the late Christopher
Gilllgan at St. John's Church (Old St. Mary's
College), commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
CILLISPIE— In this city, December 27. 1900.
Frcrik, beloved son cf Thomas and Mary
chippie, and dearly beloved brother of Mrs.
Albert Tissot and Thomas J. Glllisple. a na-
tive cf San Francisco, aged 25 years 2 months
and 10 days.
r^yFriena* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
< Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 24H Folsom street, thence to St. Peter 1 *
Church for services at 1 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery.
GEXENWOOD— In this city, December 28, 1900.
at, his refidence. 172 Clinton Park. William.
eon of the late Henry and Hannah Greenwood,
and beloved brother of George. Richard. Jalne
end Leah Greenwood and Mrs. W. W. Mead,
a native of San Francisco, aged 34 years.
tTSTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, where services will be held. Inter-
ment Laurel Kill Cemetery.
HAUTWEIN— In this city. December 29. 1900,
Jacob C. beloved hutbard | of Marie Haut-
Tiein, a native of Btngin-am-Rhlne, Germany,
eged 40 years and 1U months.
IIEGELUND— In Alameda, December 29. 1900.
Ida W. C. beloved wife of the late Jacob R.
HeeclvniJ, and mother of Mrs. Cerena E. Cox
and Harry U. HeKeiund. a native of Den-
mark, njed J5 years 4 months and 19 days.
IIETHFRINGTON— In Los Angeles. Cal.. De-
cember 27. 19C0, Joseph H.. beloved husband
of Helen Hetherington. and father cf Clar-
ence K. and Myrtle B. Hetberington, a na-
tive of England, aged 50 years.
r^yrriend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of "Porter & White. 122 Eddy street. Fu-
neral under the auspice* of San Francisco
Aerie No. 5. F. O. E. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery-
JAMIKSON— In this city, December 2S. 1900,
Anna Amanda, dearly beloved daughter of
James W. and Amanda Jamieson. and sister
of Helen L. and Daniel J. Jamieeon. a native
of Pueblo, Colo., aged 16 years 3 months and
80 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence cf
her parents. E12 Hampshire street, between
Twentieth and Twenty-first. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
KAVANAGH— In this city. December 2S. 1900.
Elizabeth Kavar.agh. beloved wife of Maurice
Kavanaph. a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
C7"Interm«it private.
KENNEALLY— In this city. December 2J, 19M>,
Bridget, beloved wife of the late John Ken-
neally. and beloved father of Thomas. Wil-
liam. Charles, John. Joi«*ph, Henry and Fran-
cis Kenneally and the late Mrs. Mamie Mur-
phy, a native of Ireland, aged C6 years.
C7Notic» cf funeral hereafter.
KRAMER — In New York City. December 22,
1S00. Josephine Kramer, beloved sister of Mrs.
Annie Dcyea, a native of Hyannis, Mass.
CTTrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:15 o'clock*, from the parlors of
Carew & EnKlish. 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
to St. leriatiue Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 8:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LEt'SKAN- In this city. December 23. 1900.
Henry LeuEman. a native of Schleswig-Hol-
etein. Germany, aged 70 years 9 months and
6 days.
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Monday), et 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1L28 California etreet. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
LYNCH— In this city. December 23. 1900. at his
residence. 26A Silver street, Arthur Ambrose
Lynch, beloved son of John and Abbie Lynch,
and dearly beloved brother of Joseph. Mar-
guerite and the late Walter and Mabel Lynch,
a native cf Fan Francisco, aged 21 years io
months and 16 days.
L.YNOH— In th'.s city. December 2S. 1900. Jere-
miah Lynch, a native of St. John. New
IJruns-wlck.
McELMAY— In Ban Rafael. December 29. 1300.
Olivia A. McElmay, beloved daughter cf
Marj' McElmay, and eister of Mamie McEl-
may, a native of San Rafael, aged 27 years
1 month and 26 days.
rc7"Frten«Js and acquaintance* are. - respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, G and Fourth streets, thence to St.
Raphael's Church, where a reoulem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mcnctr.r at 10 o'clock.
Mc.NAMARA— In this city. December 29. 1300,
Patrick McNamara. dearly beloved husband
of the late Ann McNamara. beloved father of
Mrs. P. O'Donnell and William and Edward
McNamara. and brother of Mrs. P. Mahoney
of Petaluma, a native of Ireland, aged 7S
year* fc months and 3 daye.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late re*l-
d«»nce, 1030 Hampshire street, between Twen-
ty-second and Twenty-third, thence to St.
Peter's Church, Alabama street, near Twenty-
foiirth. where a solemn - reoulem high mast
will h» celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cromi Cemetery.
MAGUIRE— In Oakland. December 28, 1300, at
1213 Fifteenth avenue, Thomas Magulre, a
native of Massachusetts, aged 32 years. A
member of South San Francisco Lodge No. 45,
K. of P.
t^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend thevfoneral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Gur.tz Undertaking Company,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to F!&ns&r&n & Gallagher.)
DANIEL. P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth «t-> opposite Lincoln School.
1201 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth, thence to Pythian Castle, 909 Market
etreet, where services will be held under the
auspices of South Ean Francisco Lodge No.
45, K. of P. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by electric car from Fourteenth and Va-
lencia streets at 2 o'clock.
MANNIE— In this city, December 28. 1300,
Sarah Mannle, a native of Ireland, aged 90
years.
C7The ' funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from tbe residence of
her daughter, Mrs. S. D. Simmons, 618 Grov*
etreet. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MOORE — In this city. December 23. 1900.
Stephen, beloved husband of Emily Moore,
and father of James H. Moore of Stockton
and Mrs. Dr. L. R. Ellis of Sonora. a native
cf Vermont, aged 77 years and 9 months.
MORRISON— In this city. December 29, 1900,
Ann, beloved sister of Maggie and Rose Mor-
rison, a native of Donegal. Ireland, aged 80
years.
ET Notice of funeral hereafter.
MULHOLLAND— In Contra Costa County, De-
cember 2S, 1800. at his residence near Red
House, Jamea, beloved husband of Annie Mul-
holland. father of William and George Mul-
holland and Mrs. P. Rodden. and brother of
Robert and Hugh Mulholland of Oakland, a
native of County Antrim, Ireland.
C^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
<Sundey), at 9 o'clock, from Tils late resi-
dence, thence to SL Joseph's Church, Berke-
ley, where a requiem mass will be celebrated
fcr the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemtery. Oak-
land.
O'DOXXELL— In this city. December 29. 190O,
George M.. «3early beloved son of Eleanor
Rice O'Donnell. and brother of William J.
O'Donnell. a native of New York. N. Y., aged
£3 years 11 months and 23 days.
tC7 Interment private.
PnTEUMAN— In Stockton. December 27, 1900,
Lottie Peterman. daughter of John and the
Jnte Mary Peterman. granddaughter of Mrs.
C. Lawson. and niece of Mrs. F. P. Hickox.
a native of Stockton, aged 18 years 4 months
and 15 days.
POHLER— In this city. December 29. 1800, Ed-
ward Joseph, beloved son of Edward and
Cecilia Pohier, a native of Ean Francisco,
aged 8 months and 16 daye.
QUADT— In this city. December 27. 1900, Loula,
dearly beloved eon of John and Maggie Quadt.
and beloved brother of Mrs. William Conrad
and Mamie. Joseph. Agnes and Tina Quadt.
a. native of San Francisco, aged 20 years and
2 rocnths.
E7 Friends and acquaintancef are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
<Sunday). at. 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 258 Thirteenth street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROONEY— In this city, December 28, 1900, Fran-
v els Rooney, a native of Dublin, Ireland, aged
73 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the Chapel of
the Passion, attached to St. Mary's Hoepl-
tal, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
meneirr at 7:15 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by 10:40 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
ROT— Near Fairfax, Martn County, December
29 1&00. Allan James, beloved son of John A.
and Barbara Roy. a native of San Francisco,
ajed 20 years.
(ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
SCHMALZ— In this city. December 29. 1900.
Marlam. beloved wife of William Schmalz. a
native of Wales, aged 60 years 6 months and
7 days.
ry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 13S2 Webster street. Interment, via
11:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. Salem Cemetery.
SANDIN— In this city, December 26. 1900, Olof
fiandln beloved brother . of Louis and John
Sandtn and Mrs. Charles Quist, a native of
Vermland. Sweden, aged S3 years 10 months
and 8 dcys.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the "funeral this day
<Sunday). at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his sister. Mrs. Charles Quist. 274 Crescent,
avenue, off Mission street, opposite Thirty-*
fourth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
OFFICERS and members of Scandinavian So-
ciety: You are hereby requested to please
attend the funeral of our late member. Olof
Kandin. from his late residence. 274 Crescent
avenue, near Mission and Thirty-fourth
Ftreets. this day (.Sunday), at 2 o'clock: By
order of CARL A. HAG6TROM.
President.
C. A. ANDEKSON. Rec. Secretary.
SHEEHT- In this city. December 2S, 1300. Mar-
garet, widow of the late Robert Bheehy.
E?"Funeral services will be held at Bt.
Mary's Cathedral December 31, at 10 o'clock.
Interment private. No flowers.
SMITH— In this city. December 28. 1900. Jarvis
L.' Smith, a native of Ohio, aged €8 years 10
rocnths and 4 days.
ETTcends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 318 Mason
street, between Gear- and CFarrell. Crema-
tion Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
STONE— In Oakland, December 2S." 1900, Brenda
Hul Stone, mother of Mrs. W. S. Fender and
Mrs. Alice R. Rlcord, and grandmother of
Marlon and Frank Rlcord. a native of Buf-
falo, N. Y.. aged 63 years.
VAN PATTEN— In East Oakland. December
29, 1900, Albert Eugene, son of H. B. Van
Patten, a native of Oakland, Cal.. aged 17
years 6 months and 19 days.
TTALSH— In this city. December 29. 1900. Ber-
tram Alden. beloved son of Mary E. and
Harry T. Walsh, and brother of Adrian. Ger-
aldine and Marion Walsh, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 months and 1 day.
WEIL— In this city. December 28. 19C0, Berths,
beloved wife of Leopold A. Weil, mother of
Mrs. Leopold Well. Mre. Sol Sondheimer and
A dele, Alexander L. and Al B. Well, and sis-
ter of Alexander Lelter and Lena Weil, a
native of Germany, aged ES years 11 months
and 22 days. - • .'-'¦¦
cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 903 Ellis street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
WEILKEIMER— In Fresno, Cal.. December 28,
1900. Aaron, beloved son of Sophie and the
late Selleman Weilheimer. husband of the
late Adeline Weilheimer, father of Lilian and
Louis Weilheimer. and brother of Mrs. Celia
Marks and Julius. Henry and Samuel E.
Weilheimer, a native of Mountain View. Cal..
aged 42 years S months and 17 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), from Third and Towneend streets,
by train leaving at 11:30 o'clock. Services
will be held at Home of Peace Cemetery.
WEYBURN— In this city, December 29. 1900.
John K., beloved husband of Mary C. Wey-
burn. father of Florence M. and Charles W.
Weyburn. and stepfather of Frank Lane, a
native of Ohio, aged 54 years 9 mcm'.ia and
G days. A member of lone Lodge No. 51, ¦ I.
O. O. F. : Oriental Encampment No. 57. I. O.
O. F.. and Argonaut Council No. 537, Royal
Arcanum.
WHITE— In this city. December 23. 1900. Pat-
rick, dearly beloved husband of Jane White,
and loving father of Willie White. Mrs. Lillle
Slmonds and Mrs. Belle Morell. a native of
County Limerick, Ireland, aged 62 years and
1 month.
WOODCOCK— In this city. December 28. 1300.
George F. Woodcock, a native of England,
ared 40 years.
EXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Bunker & L-ant. 2666 Mission street.
Mission Masonic Temple. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
starts for Chicago over the Santa Fe and gets
there on the third day — 75 hours.
Everything on this train is real.
Begins January 1st. /
The California LimitedMarked actlrrty eocttuced - ' j thm Otl Ex.
change, 4300 shares Reed i«l ar at SMJtffo, WTt
shares Ban Joaquln at ,$10 tlrtQ 10 13^4 and 13T9
' Gas and . Electric -was largely : sold again, on
the Stock and Bond Exchange at S44 7542H5 C3V6,
the 'sales amounting to 650 shares, mostly In
medtunvslsed lots. The other atodu were dull.
The exchange will not to; in session Monday
and Tuesday. - ttm\ \*\mt ft" 1 M»J— wym»i *d
THE STOCK MARKET.
y HOGS— Receipts * to-day, ; 16,000; to-morrow)
82,000; : estimated ; left , over, ; 2000; . active; shade
higher; > closed - firm; ', Top, $4 S5; mixed .and
butchers'. • $4 65@4 S%M: 3 good to • choice heavy,
$4 ?c<34 95;: rough heavy. $4 60@4 70; light, $4 G5
@4 90; bulk. $4 t0&* 90.
, SHEEP— Receipts, - 1000; . sheep and lambs,
CHICAGO.- Dee. M.—CATTI^B— Receipts. 200:
steady. Native steers, *5 25@$; poor to medium,
$3 6C<3>5 20; selected feeders, }3 7504 35; mixed
stockers,' J2 15@>& 75:' cows,; 12 50@4 20; heifers,
12 «0#4 50; scanners 1 : Jl 83@2 50; , bulls, |2 509
? 60; calven,' $4 HO0h 50; Texas fed 3 steers, |4®
4 83; grrassers. « $3 30@4; = Texas ¦¦ bulls,' %2 50©S 33
Chicago Livestock Market.
lilVBRPOOIi.
Wheat— Feb. Mar. May.
Opening ...•........«%; 6H' ....
ciosme .......... .r.-«..t « H t.%
¦¦» - ¦ , .¦ PARIS.
¦Wheat—" . * Dec. : Mar. -June.
Opening ••••. 1» 40 20 60
Closing •• .............: 19 40 20 65
- ¦ Flour— - . ; '. ;
Opening;.. 25 40 16 65
dosing: 25 25 26 65
'*- ; — '.. ,' . . ' ' -'¦¦'¦¦ . — " : : — r-r. — *
BAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 29—6 p. m.
The io'.'.o-' '.re are the eeaeonal rainfalls to
e as cozr.X't-rr-4 with those of the same date
last season. &nd rainfalls in last twenty-four
hours:
San Francisco data: Marlmam temperature,
K; minimum, 44; =iea_i. Us.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FOKECABT.
Tbe pressure has fallen rapidly durfn* the
past twenty-four hours orer the country be
tween the 6ierras and the Rocky Mountains.
Over trt&b there has been a fall of nearly half
«m inch «urlc« the put tm-elve hours. Condi
tions are favorable for enow Sunday with high
northerly winds over Utah and Southern Ne
vada.
Th* temperature has fallen about 4 decrees
ov*r Northern California and Nevada.
Tli« foUowirg: maximum wind velocities are
r»port«d: Wlr.n^imieca. 4fi miles p*r hour from
the nortbweM: Pocatello, 2* miles from the
southeast, and Eureka, SS miles from the
north.
Rain fcas fallen orer th« northern half of the
Pacific Coast.
Forecast m&£* at Baa F^randsoo for' thirty
kaon, «&*!«=« mlfinigtst, December X0 1*00:
SATUBBAT. D*x »-12 m.
Bld.Ask. BlaLAsk.
Alpba 01 03 JOstlo* — _. 03 03
Alia , 04 CJ Keatuck .^^.. 0) 03
Andes! -— .. 07 CSLadr Wash.^. — 03
Bclcb*r wti— u lJ Mexican MMM J4 S3
Best A B«lch*» J3 SS Occidental ... 03 04
BxtlUon -- ~- 0C 03 Ophir ...._«.-. «7 <S
Caledonia .... ¦ '43 80 Overman .. OS 09
Chollar ..„,.„, IS 14 Po toel 11 13
Challenge Cbn. 14 15 Savage ...^ U IS
Oonfldenc* ..— 60 BJ Ecorplon ....^, — 04
Con Cal St Va.a W 1 €3 Seg Be!ch«r..« — 03
Con Imperial... 91 0J Sierra Nevada. E 23
Con New Tork. Cl —.Silver Hill ..49 BO
Eureka Cora. „.. — S3 fit Lools.^.., — 10
Crown Point.- O 11 Standard ...^.J JS -
Bzchaqtwr — Cl Eyndlcate ....« — 13
OouldA Carer. S9 M Union Cuu^ 19 U
Hale h Not.... 13 U Utah .. 08 04
Jnlla ~ — 0«l Telfcur Jaclrat.. a 13
CLOSTXa QUOTATIONS
The f ollowtag were the sales la do Caa JTra»
dsco Stock and Exchange Board yestorda/i
Morning Session.
BOO Best * Belcher S3 100 BUrey HSL~_ tl
400 Con Cal * Va-.l «0 ISO fit" Irfwrisw....... Ct
100 Gould & Carry. SI 100 Union Coa..-^ 13
400 Sierra Nevada. 11
The followtox wtn the sales> tat Csa Tmt£*
Stock Exchange yesterday*
Moraine Session.
MO B"»lch» ......... 10 tOO OpMT ........... «4
1C0 Caledonia ...... 46 S00 Ophir w'
1100 Con Cal * Va.-l (0 700 Sierra. Nevada. 13
700 Mexican ....... S3 100 Silver Hill «j
200 Mexican _._. S4.
M3NINO STOCXH.*
NEW YORK. Deo. 29.— Last nteht New York
Phoned noro svmptoms of alarm over the ru
mTB of financial difficulri^s in London than
Iv>nrlon iti>elf had done. This morning the New
York market "gave about 15 minutes to active
buying to overcome the rather sharp declines
In the international stocks which had resulted
fr^m the unsettled condition of affairs In Lon
don, rrojvlng out of the announcement of act
ual failure!", resulting from the gamble In West
Australian* and their subsequent slump. The
low^r prices here Eppmed an attraction in
themselves and the aggrepsively pustalned ad
vance in St. Paul on renewed rrports of the
entry* of J. J. Hill Into an active <»hare in the
management of the company and of alliances
¦with other Northwest reads was a stimulating
Influence throughout the whole list. The buy
ing of St. Paul itself was on a very large scale
and the prices rose to 147, leaving the previous
record price far behind. The market cold off a
little before the bank statement, but renewed
strength appeared on the showing made by the
banks, the expansion in loans being more than
provided for by the Increase In reserves ot
nearly S6,0>jQ,COO, which was considerably more
than expected. The principal strength of the
marke twas in high-grade railroad stocks. The
high-priced members of the anthracite group
were conspicuous. The Northwestern stocks
wore buoyant, but the other grangers failed to
show much sympathy with St. Paul, Northern
Paciflc, Union Pacific, Illinois Central, ¦ the
trunk lines, American Express, Wells Fargo,
the Rubber stocks. National Tube, and after
early weakness Sugar and Brooklyn Rapid
Transit were all stronc features, the advances
running from 2 to 5 point*. There were weak
ppots in Che li*t under the pressure of persistent
profit-taking, but prices were' above the early
low point, and the realizing wan weil absorbed.
There have been lingering apprehensions dur
int; the short week in the stock market that the
much-dreaded money squeeze might: after all.
eventuate during the last week of the year and
topple over prices under the rush to realize
profits. There has, in fact, been enormous
realizing on every day and influential profes
sional operators have testified their confidence
that the rise in price.* had culminated by fre
quently putting out short lines. But the as
tonishing absorptive power of the markets has
taken up offerings from all Hources with unua
lialf-d voracity, seeking out constantly new
stocks for favors, end shifting profltb from one
(juarter of the market to the other. The Judg
ment of professional operators has been contin
ually at fault and the bears have been forced
to coyer their short contracts day after day,
helping on the notable' rallies from the occa
sional periods of reaction. There has been a
growing 1 perception that all ordinary rules and
standards are quite inadequate to apply to the
present stock market. Not only are Individual
or syndicate oixrations on an unprecedented
fccale, but the dissemination of interest through
the General world uf- capital takes the market
beyend the bounds of the ordinary manipulative
processes of Stock ExehanRe operators and spec
ulative cliquey. The looked-for money squeeze
is about the only prospect that could be relied
upon to check the determination to buy etocks,
and money has continued easy in spite of the
preparations for the yearly bettlements and the
enormous requirements of the unbridled spec- 1
ulation. The widely diffused public sentiment
has apparently continued well satisfied with
the prices paying for stocks and convinced of the
value of their possessions, and there have not
been lacking signs of continued buying by
banking interests in furtherance of plans of
consolidation of control. The efforts by profes
sional operators to work reactions have, there- j
fore, been uniformly defeated. It Is a truism
that so long, as the public maintains Its confi
dence In the value of stocks and has money !
with which to buy prices will continue to ad
vance. But it is worth while considerinr that
tbe fact of the advance is the attraction for the
general public to buy while that buying Is in
turn the cause of the advance. »
There has been increasing- Interest in railroad
bonds of lower grade issues and the volume of
dealings has approached high-record figures.
United States refunding 2s advanced 1T4, old
4s 1%, Ss 14, 6s l'.i and new 4s 4 per cent (
over the call prices of a week &so.
NEW YORK STOCK lASff.
Shares • Closing :
Sold. Stocks— - ••->.-. Bid. I
14,600 Atchison ,\../. 4-i
8.200 Atchison prefd ..........X U%
4,900 Baltimore & Ohio 88
500 Canadian Paciflc 91%
1,200 Canada Southern 68t»
4,9O Chesapeake & Ohio 41%
400 Chicago Great Western 17H
11.100 ChicaKO, Burlington & Qulncy 142^
l.OtiO Ohioaeo, Ind & Louisville 25V4
300 Chicago. Ir.d & Louisville prefd 62
....... Chicago & Eastern Illinois 91V4
l.'.W* Cliicaeo *. Northwestern 171^
10.&00 Chlcag-o. no«-k Island & Paciflc. 120T4
. l,5ffl C C C & i?t Louis TS**
• 1,200 Colorado Southern .*..-. ~\ !
ICO Colorado Southern 1st prefd. ...\.. 42>,4
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16^4
1,500 Delaware *. Hudson 130%
6,800. nelaware. Lack & Western l('37fr
6.SO0 Denver & Rio Grande «%
2.J0O Denver & Rio Grande prefd ?6%
19.S00 Erie 23?*
9.100 Erie 1st pretd 6*
J.600 Oreat Northern prefd ...190
700 Hocking Coal 17
400 Hocking: Valley 42
s,3CO Illinois Central 132'
800 Iowa Central 24U
100 Iowa Central prefd 4SV4 '
*00 Lake Erie & Western 45
100" Lake Erie & Western prefd 114
Lake Shore ...240
8,000 Louisville & Nashville 87*4
*.W0 Manhattan Elevated .-..114%
7.200 Metropolitan Street Railway ..170%
1,800 Mexican Central 18
200 Minneapolis & St Louis 71
400 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 103V&
11,000 Missouri Pacific .- 71"^
1,400 Mobile & Ohio...... 47»;
1.S00 Missouri. Kansas A Texas...... J6
9.400 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd..... 45\J
400 New Jersey Central.. 146
22.S00 New York Central 145*4
4,400 Norfolk & Western .'45
100 Norfolk & Western prefd ;M
4LGO0 Northern Pacific 8SV4
4.S0O Northern Pacific prefd 87
17.600 Ontario & Western... 30*1
Oregon Railway & Navigation...... 42
Oregon Railwmy A Nav prefd 76
S1.E00 Pennsylvania 147
2.000 Reartlns; .24%
1,7«) Reading 1st prefd 70
1.J00 Reading 3d r"*M 37«4
Rio Orande We*twn .....: Kl
Rio Grande Western prefd.. Sfi
rOO St I/ouJs & San Francisco 21%
100- St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd....;. 76H
1.200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 6174
2.100 Et Louis, Southwestern.... 1"%
2.000 St Louis Southwestern prefd........ 4<>i
77.100 St Paul".; ;....:.. J46?,
200 Rt PaJJl prefd ;......." :.1R7
Ft Paul & Omaha v.1%
. New York Stock Market.
. i POULTRT-Uve Turkeys, 12@13a for Gob
blers '. and". 18S14c ' for - Hens ; Dressed .- Turkeys,
lB-glSc ; Geese, per. pair, $1 75® 2 ; Goslings, $1 75
©2; Ducks. $J®4 - for old and ¦ $4 60@5 60 for
young; Hens, $3 5OS5; To ung Roosters, $4 50tfi!5:
Old Roosters, W B0®4 60; Fryers, $4®4 50; Broil
ers, $494 50 for large and $3 6033 75 for small;
Receipts of Game yesterday were 208 sks, but
the demand was excellent and the market. waa
steady. 1 if 'SIsHlPJ^MUJSniii »¦>«< ilM*MHm ill
. ; In spite .. of * the eight ears of , Eastern . re
ceived here, during the past week tha Poultry
market has ' ruled , flrrn.* with a rood . demand,
though .there was some stock left on hand at
the close, v"' : ' "-"¦ ¦
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 6©8o per Ib;
String I Beans, : 7®12o ; Cabbage, Wo iy Tomatoes,
Los Angeles. $1(93 15 per crate; . EOT »Plant.
Loa Angeles, ¦ 10@18o per lb; , Green = ,< Peppers,
Los Angeles, 3@Sc per lb; Dried Peppers, 9@llc;
Dried Okra. 10@15c per lb; Carrots, 25@35o per
box; Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 SO per dozen;
Summer > Squash, $1 60 per box ; Garlic. 4®5o
per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $3913 per ton;
Mushrooms, nominal. ; . . . '
POTATOES— River Reds. . TO$85o; Burbaoka,
SS&45o for. River and 90c@$l 13 per ctl tor Sa
linas and / 60JT90c for - Oregon; •. Sweets, ' B03«0o
for i Rivers ; and 65®90o for Merced. - '
ONIONS— $1 UW per ctl} Cut Onions, $1
01 25 per ctl. \ .
The situation remains unchanged. Onions are
flrm, while Potatoes .', are rather" -weak . than
otherwise.' Vegetables continue .to bring good
prices, "
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 E0@2 75; Canary,
3Ho per lb for California and 4c for, Eastern;
Alfalfa, 7H<?3Vic; Rape. 2»i@3c; Hemp, 4@4H<j;
Timothy. 4@4%c. ~ .
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1®3 »; Green, $3 7»
63 . per ctl ; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes; Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 5O0J 7B; Small White.
$4 50Q4 65; Large White. J3 65®S 80; Pink, of* 10
©2 15; Red, $2 75@3; Blackeye, $3; Llmaa, $5 60®
5 65;' Pea, $4 25@4 50; Red Kidney. $3 7304 per
ctl.
There Is no further advance in White Beans,
but they are very flrm. with ' light supplies.
Press dispatches from the East report the mar
ket for these descriptions cornered there. The
demand for Alaskan and Government account
has been, heavy, for some time.. Colored Beans
continue quiet. . ...
Beans and Seeds.
Receipts of Hay continue light, but the mar
ket shows no Improvement. Bran Is also In
moderate receipt and steady.
BRAN— $14«15 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $1« 50®19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled -Barley, $16@17 . per
ton; Oilcake, Meal at the mill, $25®26; Job
bing, $26 60 : ¦ Cocoanut Cake, $17® IS; Corn
Meal, $26® 28 50; Cracked. Corn,^ $26 60®27;
Mixed Feed, $15016.
HAY — Volunteer, $5@8; Wheat. $11 ® 13 50 j
Wheat and Oat. $10®12 50; Oat, $9(3113: Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, $8©9 50; Barley. $7 W«J 50
per ton.
STRAW— 3S©47V4« per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Fl-OUR-Callfornla Family Extras. $3 23®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers'. Extras, $3 15@3 23:
Oregon, $2 75(52 85 per barrel , for family and
$2 75Q I for bakers'; "Washington, bakers', $2 75
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the yade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 75;
txtra' cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny $3 50® 3 "; Buckwheat Flour, $4®4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6®
7 25; in sacks, $5 75® 7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
The China steamer took out 14,250 barrels
Flour. . "
Keputer Morning Session— No sales.
OAT£— Arc still firm, but rather quiet. Stock's
are light. White, $1 30ei 50; Surprise, nomi
nal; Red. $1 23®1 40 for Feed and $1 33@1 45 for
Seed; Gray, nominal; Black, for Feed, $1 13@
I 20- for Seed, 51 25@1 30 per ctl. .
CORN— Dull at weak quotations. Yellow,
II i:*64?l 15: White, $1 lO^l 12H; Eastern mixed,
$1 12V. per ctl. .
RYE— S5687HC Per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 73@2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales,
Second Session— No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES
Feed. 75c . for choice bright. 72Uc for No. 1
and 67%®70o for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades, 774®S2&c; Chevalier, nominal.
BARLEY — The market continues in good
shape, arrivals of the best descriptions being
slerder and the demand good.
Informal Session— 3:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls,
$1 Oa',4; 2000. $1 05%: 2000. $105%; 4000, $1 05>».
December (1301)— 6000, $1 10.
Second Session— May>-2000 ctls, $1 05%.
Regular Morning Session— May— 14,000 ctls.
CALL BOARD SALES
Spot Wheat— Shipping 9S»ic; milling. $1®
1 03?4 per ctl.
WHEAT— Report* from Chicago were decid
edly better. The market was strong and ac
tive at the advance, and the leaders were buy-
Ing, which made the market look higher. The
speculative. trade was good and more business
was done during the session than during all
the other days of the. week. Commission houses
have much better buying orders, and there
has bf en no selling pressure for some time.
New York was also higher and very firm.
This market was higher, both on and off call,
and the feeling was flrm.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 63 days — $4 ti%
Sterling Exchange, sight....' — 4 8*ii
Sterling Cables — 4 8714
New York Exchange,' sight — 12V4
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic — .IS
Fine Silver, per ounce ....;.. — 13%
Mexican Dollars, nominal........ 50ft O 51
Exchange and Bullion.
(Xmtb Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
The receipts of coal for the year from the
various sources of KuptJy were: British Colum
bia. E73.C00 tons; coast mines. C37.1CO tons, ex
cJu*lv« of coal received by railway from Mount
Diablo. Tesla, Colorado and ITtah; Australia,
179,)i00 toes; Great Britain, K.3.200 tons; East
ern. 14, WO tons, together with receipts from
Mount Dtafclo, 40.GOU tons; Teula, M.0O0 tons;
Colorado, Utah and New Mexigo, 221. W0 tons,
and including receipts at Southern ports, 1S7.
0"0 tons; rr.Jike a total cf C1M3M tons for the
year 1900.
T_*ndernot««I Is a ecraparatlve statement of the
total imports of coai Into this port by tea dur
ing tie year: £-v
Anstrallaa 17>.WK» IS^.600
Grea.t Britain lf«.»00 99.200
British Columbia £73,«™> 447.200
Eastern M/W 39.4.90
Pf>rt of 6*attle 2i«,100 323,500
Port of Tacoisa 2XS.408 337.4W
Cnos Bay 4S.SO0 S6.&00
Other mines «1.000 18,200
Totals 1.LC7.E30 1.418.000
la the above coted Imports from Great Bri
tain are Included £5,200 tons of coke.
The general imports by sea above noted are
exclusive of receipts' irom Mount Diablo. 40.000
tens: Tesla. £1,000 tons; Colorado, Utah and
«C#w llexlco. Including deliveries to S. P. R.
R. Co., at Eacraaer.to to State line, 221,000 tons.
The delh-erte* of coal at Port Los Angeles
were 160.000 tons and at Baa Diego 27,000 tons,
together 1S7,000 tons.
Th» following figure* give the highest and
lowest prices cf coal at this port per cargo
Jrcia Australia, and Great Eritaln durinj the
High. Low.
Australian, best cusJlty. 1300 $7 65 M 75
Australian, best quality. • 1ESS 7 60 6 00
Great Britain, 1500 » 00 7 75
Great Britain, 1S33 7 75 I 70
The Santa F> o^id Southern Paciflc Railroad
Companies estimated that oil fuel of their re
spective frystems in this State during this year
has displaced upward of £50.000 ton* of coal.
In mekinj: an estimate of the oil used an fuel
throughout the iftate reference to the
production) it may sa/ely be fall that oil this
year has <jl£placed 'for stationary steam plant
v;*e) at leaM 175,000 tons of coal in San Fran
cisco city, the bay of San Fraccisro and ad
joining countiee. To this must be added the oil
uee*) by the Santa Fe and Southern Paciflc
railroads, displacing about 250,000 tons of coal.
ar.d points couth of Tehacha.pl. estimated at
lttO.OOO tons cf coal, making a total displace
ment of E7S,000 tons of coa-l, exjual to 2.5S7.500
barrels cf oil.
A review of the coal trade for the past year
fvrniFh«'« the wrongest proof of the marked
rrocrrss to be noted throughout the State gen
erally; and while* the cost of transpcrtalon of
coal from the various sources of supply threat
•ni»d to seriously affect receipts and materially
effect the cost or importation, at a period of
unparalleled demand for fuel for steam pur
; MB, net In this State alone, but all over the
rlabe, the eituation was certainly alarming to
•the |»e<»pl<» of thi> While these combined
circumstances apj^eared bo tlireatening 10 the
Mate, th«-y in reality proved a blewsing in dis
guise, a* ih^y caused renewed and energetic at
tention to t>e given to thu development of the
oil resources of the State, which have resulted
in unrolding a supply cf fuel oil far beyond the
hor«» of the most eangulse, and have added
*r.ormouEly to the wealth 01 the State gr-ner
*uy.,t
CREAT nnVEI^OFMrNT FOR THE FORMER
AND fHARP PHMAND FOR THE
LATTER.
TItp snnussj circular of I. Steuart cays:
Oil end Coal in ipoo.
Ma!! .«vir** from New Tork «y:
"The market on drifed fruit and. nuts w.a*
«uli and ea*y all l*.st -R^^k. with a generally
*si«i»r tendency at the close of business. Trade
•«•«.?> cf far less volume then ordinary at this
*»s«?m. although I^cember Is already dull.
•"VrrantF are fasy for low prade PtulT, of which
any quantity is offered, scrne aj= low" as 9'<^
*H^- Uood Honing lualltj, however, is firm
«t . \Or. Cleaners' nocks are not large '. and
*nme buying was done by them at that quota
tion. Indications are tor an easier market
after January- 1. a« arrivals will then, it is ct
p»>-te<j. he mart heavier. Raisins continue de
rr."rai:z«rd. Arrioots are firm. Peaches are un
ohangwi and culet. Pates showed an easier
ti :io"nfT 6a.turday. Prime evaporated apples
are easier. Waste is lower. Brazil nuts are
iower. Fecaii* firm."
DHcd Fruit in New York.
Foreign Imports at this port during the first
•leven months of the year amounted to $*7,215,
6*\ agair.Ft J42.. r Cf,2'>0 for the sums p~ri<*i last
>'**r. the lpwding •'"'irees beinc us follow*:'
J«.p*Ji. J7.?:i.r«or«: r-ntna. f!> c K.r.'Vi ; Hawaiian
I^'£.n<1s <si\ moiithf), ts.sr^,(uv>; Great Britain,
i: 6T2.5W; Ontral America, tZ.W.W: IC^st ln
<I:eF. j:.lK«.?"i.; British Coluinbia, $2,351,700.
Foreign Imports.
The America Mara took out a treasure list
cf JS7,«:^ consisting of $22,9:0 in Mexican dol
lars. J569O In gold coin and $89,000 in silver
bullion.
Treasure Shipment.
The local back clearings for the part week
amounted to tlS.S57.K54. against J17.4S6.lt7 dur
lr.g the fame week laEt year.
Bank Clearings.
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Sunday;
brisk northerly, changing to fresh southeast
erly winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Northern California — Fair Sunday, with
brisk northerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Sunday; fresh
southerly winds.
Nevada — Rain or snow Sunday; high norther
ly winds.
Utah— Rain or snow.^Sunday; high northerly
winds.
Arizona— Cloudy Eunday; brisk southerly
winds.
.J. . .
. Chicago Grain Market.
¦ ¦ ¦ : »
CHICAGO, Dec. 29.— For tw» and a half ac
tive, strenuous hours, the .'usual duration of
the Saturday session, the market displayed an
effervescent spirit. During the first hour there
wai more ,gj>eculatlve business than. during the
whole (session of any other day this week. The
first symptoms of buoyancy and strength
brought back from the alluring stock market
mar.y deserters from the grain pit. May wheat
opened unchanged at 73*4, but quickly respond
ed to" buying orders from all Bides of the pit.
May' advanced, growing more active as it
Roared, until 75%c was bid. Over 74c offerings
wore a bit fieer, but they quickly ceased when
the ; breadth of the demand became apparent
and not until the price was well over 75c did
tho selling pressure assume sufficient weight to
affect prices. From the top May eased off to.
74%c, but here the clamor of shorts was re
newed and a recovery ensued. May closing 1 7 4
ff?2c over yesterday at 75H@75Uc The founda
tion of the market's strength lay In the recent
stubborn firmness of foreign markets and to
a greater degree in the falling off In North
wtstern receipt*. .
Corn was fairly active and firm, but owed
meet of Its strength to the substantial rise in
wheat. May corn closed %lf%c higher.
The oats market at times was fairly , active
under covering, by shorts, but at. the clone the •
Important short lines were Intact. May oats
closed HfHic ud at 24<fr24>4e.
Provisions were, fairly active, opening firm
on lighter hog receipts and advancing late in
sympathy with the wheat strength. January
pork ' cloiied 2Hc- higher; * lard, 12',4c and ribs
12Hc up. ' : .
. Note — There will . b« no session of the Board
of Trade January 1.-.-'
The leading futures ranged as follows: •.
Articles— ¦ Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December ....~^... 70-% . 72U 70»; 72H
January' 70** 729» 70«^ 7254
May 73Vi 7JH 73^ 75>;
Corn No. 2— -
December .......... 36>i 37',i R8V4 37
January,,.... ... 36%, ' SfiH 36U 36«i
May .".. 36H 3STi 3SU 36»i
.OatB No. 2—
December.. 21*4 - 22 , 21«4 -22
January 21"» 22 21»; 22
May.... ;.. 23Ti' 24H' 23% 24Vi
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 12 2S 12 32%4 12 22<4 12 22V4
May: 12 25 12 42tf 12 25 1J 42^
Lard, per 100 pounds— • ' ¦ ~ .
December.. 6 87»i 6 9214 6 S7'4 6 92«i
January 6 80 6 90 6 8<> 6 90
May 6 95 7 05 6 90 7 05
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
January 6 30 6 42V4 6 30 6 42^4
May 6 42H 6 55 6 424 6 55
Cash quotations were as follows:
• Flour, dull and steady: No. 3 spring wheat,
•>5H®71V£e; No. 2 red, 73@75c; No. 2 corn, 87c:
No. 2 yellow, 37c; No. 2 oats, 23f23^c; No. 2
.white. 26@26V4c; No. 3 white, 23Vl@26o;.No. 2
rye, Bl<352c; fair to choice malting barley, 58®
64c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 53@1 54; No. 1 North
western. $1 54: prime timothy seed, $4 (5; mess
pork, per barrel, »U@U 12H; lard, per 100
pounds, $6 8506 4*0; short ribs sides (loose),
$6 30@6 60; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 5*»O
6V4c: abort clear sides (boxed), $6 70®« 80;
whisky, basis of high wines, $127; clover, con
tract grade. $10®10 25. "/¦ •¦-•¦ .-. -¦.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bushels'.... 19,000 37,000
Wheat, . bushels .116,000 13,000
Corn, bushels 33.000 9,000.
Oats, ! bushels 262,000 V 18.000
Rye. bushels .6,000 2,000
Barley, bushels 41.000 11,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was dull.-- Creamery, 16® 23c; Dairy, -12
0820c. Cheese, Inactive, 10y,@ll%o. Eggs, ao
tive; fresh, . 22o. ; : .
¦K — 7^ — '¦ ~ ; —*
Tho market for evaporated apples ruled slow,
but was steadily held at current rates on ac
count of the light supply on hand. State com
mon, 4'g'5c; prime, 4>4@5>/4c; fancy, 6«?7c.
California dried fruits were inactive but
steady.
PRUNES— SVs'ffSHc.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll@14c; Moorpark, 15$lSo.
Peaches— Peeled, 16!g"20c; unpeeled, 6170c. •
DRIED FRUIT,
# . *
NEW YORK, Deo. 29.— FLOUR— Receipts.
22,800; exports, 3676. Strongly held but not
quotably higher. Minnesota patents, $3 90@
4 20; do bakers', $3@3 25; winter patents, $3 SO
(33 90; do straights, $3 40^3 65; winter extras.
$2 B5@2 90: do low grade, $2 15@2 60. : ¦-?.¦;
WHEAT— Receipts, 201,700 bushels; exports,
31,773 bushels. Spot market, firmer; No. 1
Northern Duluth,' 84*4c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 83*ic f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red,
SOc f. o. b. afloat; 'No. 2 red, elevator, 78Vic
Options after a steady opening at once de
veloped pronounced strength, advancing almost
lc a bushel on small Northwest receipts, stead
ier Liverpool cables, Wall street buying and a
sharp demand from local shorts. Closed strong
at ;78#78H6 net advance. January, 77%@78?4c;
cloned. 7S%c; March, 79 6-16^80^0 ; closed, 80Hc;
May, 78"ii£i$O!ic: closed, 80V4c; December, T3\i@
7S',ic; closed. 7SVic.
HOPS— Quiet; State common to choice. 1900
crop, Ifi^lc; Pacific Coast, 1900 crop, 15® 19c.
HIDES-Steady; Galveston. 185a@19c; Califor
nia, 1W19VSC
WOOI*— Dull; domestic fleece, 24t?26e; Texas,
15® 16c.
COFFEE— Futures closed flrm 3n#4O points
advanced. Sales, .?s,000 bags, including Janu
ary, 5.7Ca3.S0c: February. o.sOc; March, 0.911®
S.O.ie; May, 6.00^8.15o; June. 6.10c; July. 8.0.V8>
6.10c; September, 6.10@6.2Sc; October, 6.!5'8'«.3rtc.
Spot— Rio. steady: No. 7 Invoice, 7c; mild,
steady: Cordova, 9 1 ,it?l3y»c.
SUGAR— Raw. steady; fair refining, 8%c;
centrifugal, Dfi test, 4 3 ie; molasses sugar, 3Hc
Refined — Quiet: confectioners'. 6.40c; mold A,
5.85c: standard A, 6.40c; cut loaf, 6c; pow
dered, R.70c; granulated, 5.60c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 1350 packages. Firm;
creamery, ]7<s:5e; June creamery,- 17*3 23c; fac
tory. lliiQICo.
• EGGS— Receipts, 22S4 packages. Steady-
Western average packed at mark, 19?f22^sc;
Western loss off, 24c.
Local bank clearings gain over last year.
Exdiange and Silver as .previously quoted.
Shipment of $pj,6io to China.
Free selling of Gas stock on the Bond Exchange.
Oil stocks continue lively and generally firm.
Wheat takes a slight turn for the better.
Barley and Oats firm; Corn and Rye dull.
Hay and Feedstuffs quiet and unchanged.
White Beans cornered in the East and scarce and firm here.
Onions firm, Potatoes weak and Vegetables steady.
Eggs off again. Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Poultry firm in spite of free receipts. Game ditto.
No Orange auction to-morrow. Bananas plentiful and weak.
Dried Fruits and Raisins continue neglected.
No change in Prozisions.
Hides, Hops and Wool as before quoted.
Meat market lightly supplied and inn.
Decrease in local foreign imports.
Coal Oil marked up. .
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
The Investors' Review says : • The ' symptoms
are omlnlous \ In • many directions.' : ' Trade ¦ is
- LONDON, Dec ».— Examining ; the ; money
outlook, the Statist says: The large'sum^bor
rowed by. the Bank of England at 4<6 per cent
disclosed' that the reserve amounted - to only
£16,600.000. which Indicates /that rates : have
been maintained for some. time. As the French
check rate, has again, fallen .to :25 ; francs - 8
centime*, and Berlin exchange to 20 marks 41
pfgs. the Paris exchange almost permits gold 'to
be taken from the Bank of England ; and en
ables . gold In the open market to > be shipped
profitably. l»ii]l|flliWlllW#>Mnl n JI)ijl l iiia'iM
The Statist , expects ! money, from : New .York.
London Market.
WASHINGTON. . Dec. 29.— To-day's Treasury
statement shows: Available cash balance, $143,
456.C07; gold. S95.SS6.3S2.
Condition of the Treasiiry.
Associated Banks' Statement. .
NEW YORK. Dec. 29.— The weekly statement
of averages of the Associated Banks shows:
Loans. $796, 457. 200; increase. $3.358,!;00. ; De
posits, $854,189,200; increase, $,15.334. kiv;. Circu
lation, $31,040,800; increase, $138,400. I. "pal
tenders, $63,353,500; increase. $3,196,400. Specie.
$161,719,700; increa-M', |2,678,m Total reserve,
$215,073,200: Increase,. $3.S75,500. Iteser%e re
quirements, $213,545,400; increase. $3,84*.200; sur
plus reserve, $11,595,000; Increase, $:.02x.900.
The P'Inancler says: If the Associated Bank's
report for the coming month's receipts of cur
rency equal the - January remittances that
usually now. In .this direction, the fears of a
light money market may well be dissipated.
As the situation stands at present, the position
of the banks Is easy and, despite the heavy
addition to reserve requirements necessitated
by crowing loans and deposits, the surplus Is
increasing. I>urlng the week Just ended loans
expanded $9,358,500, which, considering the facia
that business virtually began on Wednesday,
Is an extraordinary showing. It is probably
safe to eay that the loan expansion reflects the
present tendency of this item, in a somewhat
belated manner. 'The gain in cash was $5,87 1.
100, due to treasury disbursements for interest
and pensions and Interior bank remittances,
the latter having: been Increased heavily by rea
son of dividend requirements. But aside from
this money is f owing- to New York; ' not . only
in response to usual conditions, but also on ac
count of attractive opportunities afforded banks
to make use of their funds here. This has been
a feature for some time and probably. will con
tinue until checked automatically, by Interest
rate regulations. The deposits, owing to heavy
loan and cash increases, ran up in excess of
$15,000,000, thus contracting to a large extent
the cash gains. Still the surplus reserve Is
$2,000,000 higher than a week ago and stands at
$11,525,900 or almost the figure with which the
banks opened the year. It Is Interesting to
note that during the year now ending the clear
ing house banks of New York have increased
their loans $118,660,200; deposits, $105,236,100, and
cash- holdings, $26,077,200; this, too, after hav
ing met the heaviest demands ever known over
the crop season. In the twelve months now
closing the surplus reserve - touched $30,000,000
only once, has been In excess of *S0.0OO,OO9 only
fourteen weeks and under $10,000,000 for the
Fame number of weeks. This chows at a glance
that the banks have found constant employ
ment for their fund?, although the general
totals have ruled higher tb&n. ever before.
Since March last the national- banks of the
city have nearly doubled their circulation, the
present total standing at $31,000,000, This
money assisted materially as a regulating fac
tor during tb* somewhat stringent period two
months ago.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BOXDS.
Money— I Union Pacific ......79*«
Call loans 4'i«r;ViHJnion Land 3.
Time loans 4@5 Bond? —
Stocks— Atphlson 4s W\U
Atchison 4S N E <i & Coke 5s.. 70H
rto prefd SS Mining shares—
Am .SuRar H3V, Adventure 101*
do prefd 116' 2 Allouez Mln Co.... 3U
Bell Telephone ....155 Amalg Copper .... S3'i
Boston & Albany. .2M Atlantic 27"^
Boston Klevaterl ..ir,9 n.>ston & Mont....32K
Boston &. Maine. ..15JK. Hutte & 'Boston S3
C » & « .141ii.lCalumet & Hecla..S2S
Dom Coal ::9 U'entennlal ... ...... •M-x
do prefd 10ft Franklin ,. • ij;{
Fed Steel : 56=; Humboldt .....j.... 30
do prefil 77'i|OsceoIa ; 78
Fitch burg prefd .. 439 'i Parrot 56^
Gen Elec 13Oi« Qulncy f...l69
E4 Elec 111 220 Santa Fe Copper... 7'i
Mex Cent idV, a-amarack 340
N K G & Coke.... 1414 Utah Mining 33«
Old Colony 203 Winona 5
Old Dominion 31 it Wolverines 46*i
Rubber 2S
Adams Con '2* Little chief is
Alice - i-2 Ontario/ 6 T5
greece 2 CO Ophlr / 60
Brunswick Con .... 1$ Phoenlk 10
Comstock Tunnel.. C4 Potosl 08
Con Cal & Va 1 45 Savage 10
Deadwood Terra .. SS Sierra Nevada '....' S 13
Horn Silver 1 in Small Hopes 55
Iron Silver 66 Standard 3 G5
Leadville Con 061
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 2s r»f reg 1084 N Y Cent lsts 1C9H
P° coup 1O7*» N J Cent gen 5s....lC9'i
I» 3s reg lllli Northern Pac 3s 71«*
r>o 3s coup mi. Do 4» 106
Do new 4s reg....»SL ii N Y c & fit L 4s. .108
Do new 4s coiip..l3Xt,JM & xy oon 4s lQft
Do oM 4s rep 1W; Or'Nav lsts linu
Po old 4s coup.. .117?; Do 48 104U
Do 5s reg ...lll»i Or Short Line 6aAlS9U
Do Ss coup H4\ no con os .117
Dis of Col 3.6."s....J2r. neadlng Oen 4s... 9J^i
AtchUon Kfii 4s....102-;!h G W lsts 101
Do adj 4s RS'. 1st L 4 I M con 5s. 114
( anada Sou Ms... .ins is L & S F Gen 6s..l23'i
Ov-s .t Ohio 414s... 104>ijSt Paul con >.l*54i
.^ 5 . R lanVsjSt P C &. P Ists...l2nii
C &: \ con 7s 13a Po as; 12'ij.
Do S F Deb 5s... 123 Southern Pac 4s... H»|
Chic Term 4s...... 94?4 Southern Ry 5s... .114'
Colorado Sou 4.«.... $5 ! Stand R & *T 6s... 70
I) & R G 4s Tex'A- Pac Iste....ll5t4
Erie Gen 4s 85 Do 2<ls 90
F W & D C lsts... 824 T'nlon Pac 4s......l07*i
General Elec JS....164 AVobash lsts lU^i
Iowa Cent lsts 11« Do 2ds: ](.SU
li * N Tni 4s ejn2 West Shore 4s US',
&I K & T 2ds 7;:,2 Wis Cent lsts S9' 4
Do 4s 96> L .JVa Centuries 96
MIXING STOCKS.
14.000 Southern Pacific ....43*'.
"•JW Southern Railway .1 il«4
w'i2 «o«thern Railway prefd /72
JJ-SS xa » & Pacific 25«
«3.2no Union Pacific 73V4
I'Sn. &US ? aclflc w«SS: ••.-¦• ««
L*0fl A\ abash t!U
6.000 WaJbash prefd ...... """'•t'lt
2.400 Wheeling & L E V""S""":^ l»?
l.y-0 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 80
•"V n 'A w . 1 * cnns 'n Central i«%
100 Third Avenue 118
, 1.200 Baltimore & Ohio.... '.'.'.'.'.'. gsVi
6.C0O National Tube cstf
1.400 National Tube prefd VlO6
Express Companies —
Adams , ¦ 159
600 American 1S9 '
United States ', 65
100 Wells Fargo , 141
Miscellaneous —
-. 100 American Cotton OH 81
American Cotton Oil prefd so
200 American Malting 5
American Malting prefd .26
600 American Smelting & Ref..... 1 64
American Smelting & Ref prefd 96%
-. American Spirits i# 2
American Spirits prefd... 18
100 American Steel Hoop.. 31*;
•;;•••• American Steel Hoop prefd.... 77^4
23,600 American Steel & Wire 45«
4>X> American Steel & Wire prefd... 88
2.000 American Tin Plate 65%
American Tin Plate prefd 91V4
2,000 American, Tobacco ....111*1
American Tobacco prefd .135
600 Anaconda Mining Co 49>£
22.400 Brooklyn Rapid Transit S5Ti
5.000 Colorado Fuel & Iron : 55U
8.000 Continental Tobacco ..39
200 Continental Tobacco prefd 9 <> >A
11.6C* Federal Steel 56«
• 2.400 Federal Steel prefd. 77U
300 General Electric m
800 Glucose Sugar 51
... Glucose Sugar prefd 46
800 International Paper 25
100 International Paper prefd 74
Laclede Gas 73
100 National .Biscuit 37tJ
National Biscuit prefd .' 9l'
National Lead 10
100 National Lead prefd 91
4,400 National Steel uy.
100 National Steel prefd 9U
... New York Air Brake ...156
a. 000 North American 20'4
Pactflo Ooast &6»i
Taciflc Coast 1st prefd S9'
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 6«
400 Pacific Mail 4314
13.500 People's Gas '."'.'"vhZ
1,200 Pressed Steel Car,.,. 50
4(V) Pressed Steel Car prefd S3
2O0 Pullman Palace Car 201
Standard Rope & Twine 512
42.10) Sugar .« ;. 143s?
200 Sugar prefd in
4.900 Tpiiiimsto Coal & Iron 64
B.gon Vnited States Leather I4*i
3.200 nnitert States Leather prefd 77'
*>.4 r< 0 TnitPd States Rubber »s
3.600 t'nited states Rubber prefd 77»i
40rt Western fnlon 54
4.600 Amaltramated Copper P3*i
3P« Republic Iron * Steel " lfiil
100 Repuhlic Iron & Steel prefd 64
PCC4 St IjouIs 57
676.7A0 Shares bo\<>
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
LONDON, Dec. 29.— Atchison, 47; Canadian
Pacific, '94%; Union Pacific preferred,' 85;
Northern Pacific preferred, 89; Grand Trunk,
7U» Anaconda, > 10; bar silver, steady, 29 9-16d
per ounce; money, 4®4^ per cent.
CLOSING
shrinking, beginning with the collapse" of val
ues, not only for tha : Stock • Exchange,* but for
coai, Iron - and - textiles. »'The, effect must be
to : seriously impugn banking credit. - The Gov
ernment is , steadily- pulling: away our means
and 'Is still unable to cope with' Its liabilities.
The burden of Increased war ' taxation ' begins
to press severely upon the ; community, whose
Incomes . already have ' been curtailed by the
derangement of business ; which the ¦ fighting
has caused. Owing to the holidays, the week's
business on thswstock - Exchange waa small,
the tone, however, beings wonderfully good in
most directions, without - adequate reason be
ing assigned. . . • .
India-was -a steady purchaser of silver
throughout the ' week : and the position of the
India currency, department "points to heavy
purchases' at", a -not far distant date.
Money from New York will be plentiful at
the opening of the year with active stock mar
kets. The fall in silver to: 29V4d, the Statist
ascribes to American pressure for sales for
cash, but adds that immediately after the
year's , turn American holders -will no longer
press, sales and that a sharp recovery, is antici
pated; ':'-'. ¦-•
NEW YORK. Dec. 29.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: '
The failure of thirteen houses with . twenty
nine members of. the exchanges. Involved in
the complete, collapse of the. West Australian
and British Columbian Financing, palled upon
the whole market here to-day, and the trouble
Is not over. About a dozen more failures are
expected on- Monday. ' All attention ¦ was ab-
Eorbed by this disaster and many heavy sales
were induced by It, though there is no reason
why the trouble should extend beyond the
group concerned. . .
Even the - American department . was Influ
enced somewhat by* it, and the selling there
put prices down *4 point or so. Besides thin
local trouble It Is quite generally said that
the American market Is getting to be top
heavy. After the opening fairly good buying
wae observed, nevertheless, and the close for
Americans were much better, especially for the
better grade shares. Money was steady.
Of gold £50,000 was taken for export to India;
£65,000 to Paris, and Paris li expected to take
a pretty fair quantity in January.
TOR SATURDAY. UJBC'im HHJ It xs.
Flour, qr ika..... t8,M3fStraw, toes....... 19
Wheat, ctls 184.H0 Wool, bales w $
Barley, ctls....... 4,870 Shorts, sks.. ...... 23
Oats. ctls......... 1.980 Broomcorn. bdls... 25
Corn. East. etls. 1. SCO Pelts, bdls «S
Rye. ctls.... 640 Bides. No «3«
Potatoes, sks 3.180 Quicksilver, flsks 17
Onions, sks....... ffl Tallow, ctls;..;... 492
Bran. sks.. 183 Brandx. gals S.700
Middlings, sks... 460 Wine, gals 43.600
Hay. tons 244Le & ther, rolls.... 2S8
W^ABHINGTON.
Flour, qr sita..... 4,316 Comxneal. ska.«_ , BOC
Oa^ otl»-—~. : 788
Receipts of Produce.
COAL OIL— Is higher, as follows: Water
White Coal Oil. In bulk, lV,ie: Pearl OIL in
cases, U%c: Astral. 18Uo; Star. lSVio; Extra.
Star Oil. 22Ho; Elaine. M^e; Eocene. ZOfto.
I SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.15c; Powdered, 6.73c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.73c; Dry Granulated. 8.65c: Confec
tioners' A. 5.65c; Magnolia A. 6.23c; Extra C.
5.160; Golden C, 5.06c; barrels. lOo more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, S0o more.: SO-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for- less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. v Dominoes, half-bar
rels. 6.40o: boxes, 163c per lb.
SALMON— Round lots are quoted as follows;
Alaska red. $1 20; medium do, $1 10; pink. Mo:
Columbia River, Chinook. $1 76 for tails and
SI 85 for fiats: barreled Salmon. $10 for Alaska
barrels and SS SO for half -barrels.
RICH— China mixed. $4 S0©4 28; No. 1, $4 TOO
4 S3; extra, $535 SO; Japanese, 94 83©S 80; Louis
iana, $406 75; > Hawaiian, nominal.
COAL — Wellington, $3 per ton; Bomhfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $7; Coos
Bay. $5 60; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9: Cumberland, $13 In bulk and J13 23 la
backs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. S14: Csufc
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, 115 per ton in bulk and
$18 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions., $3 45
per 2000 lbs and $8 SO . per ton, according to
brand. ¦.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 S3; Calcatt*
Grain Bags, 'lone and July, CHo; Wool Bags,
2SV4S32%o; Fleeoo Twine. TVie; Fruit Bags,
6%®6*io for white and SUOSKo for bleached
jute.
General Merchandise.
Light supplies and firm prices continue to
characterize this market. /
BEEF— 7@Sc for Steers and 697o per lb for
Cows. .
.VEAL— Large, 8#9c; "small. 9®10c per lb.
' MUTTON— Wethers. 9©9Hc; Ewes. 8»$©9c per
LAMB— 10®10>4c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5Sc for small and S»4c for
medium and 5%@5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 6@5V;c; dressed Hogs, 7USS^o.
Sari Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES. AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10c; medium. 9c; light, 8%c; Cow
hides. Pc for heavy and S«^c tot light: Stags.
6'Ac; Salted Kip, »Hc; Salted Veal, 9Hc: Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, li%c;- culls, 13^c; Dry
Kip. 15c; Dry Calf, 16c; culls and brands.
14c; Sheeosklns. shearlings, 20®30c each*
short Wool, S305OC each: medium. 604r75c'
long Wool, 75c@Jl each; Horse Hides, salt, J2 50
«2 75 for large and $2 23 for medium, $1 25 for
small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75
for large, II £0 for medium. $1 25 for small and
tOc for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins,
S5cr fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin
skins. 20c. Goatskins — Prime .Angoras. 75c;
large and smooth. 60c: medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4g4^4o per lb; No.
2, 3'£c; grease, 2®2V»c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15@l«c; Northern, defective. 1J
(q He: Middle County, free, 15®l«c: Middle
County, defective. 12®14c: Southern Mountain
12 months*. 9@10c: 'Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. 11312c: Southern Mountain, defective
7 months', 9@llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno.
16317c: Nevada, 13i@16c.per lb.
Fall Clip — San Joaquln. 64SSc; do Iambs. 8
®9c; Middle County. 9<S>10c; Northern Mountain,
free, 10<Sllc; * Southern Mountain. 7H@8$io;
Humboldt end Mendoelno. lligllc ptr lb.
HOPS— 12©16o per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. lltfllUa per lb for
heavy. HVi@l2c for Ught medium. 12H@n 0 for
light, 13%©14c for extra light and lS©i5Sio for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, llii©
12e; Mess Beef. $13 50 per barrel; extra Mesa,
?13: Family, »14; extra Prime Pork. J16; extra
clear,-*19 50; Mess, 117; Smoked Beef. 13c per
pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at «Hc per lb for com
pound and OVic for pure: half-barrels, pure,
9%c; 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins, m;c
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. 8Hc; three
half-barrels. 8c: one tierce, 7%c; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces. 7*4c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Previous prices rule.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb, 13H@14He for bright and U^i
(&lZc for light amber; water white, extracted,
7*i#Sc; light amber, extracted, 6$4@7c; dark,
6Jf8Vic per lb.
BEESWAX— 24#26o per lb. -}
. NUTS— Chestnuts, 7%<39c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. lie; No. J, go; No. 1
hardshell. 10c; No. 2. 7Uc: Almonds. 12®lie for
paperohell, 8611c for softshell: Peanuts. 6®<o
for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pe
cans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, J3 50@5.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras. 4 slses, Ic:
40-sOs. 7c; 60-SOs. SKc; eO-TCs, 3%c; 70-SOs, 3\io;
SO-SOs, 2%c; 90-1009, 2%c; 100s and over, Jc; ru
bles. Uc premium; Sonomas, Ho and San Joa
quina, y,c less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 10
8c for Royals and 10"g>10%c -for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 6@6c; sun-dried, Stt@4Vic;
Peaches, 435c for standard. S@6c for choice
and 6tt@7e for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums,
pitted, 5<3«Hc; unpltted, l@l%c; Nectarines, 69
5%o for red and 6H@«c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the Jollowlng prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie: standard. SXc; prime, lo;
unbleached Thompson's 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy, 10V»c per lb; choice. 9V4c; standard, 8%c;
prime, Sc; unbleached Sultanas, gc; Seedless,
SO-lb boxes, *5Hc: 4-crown. 7o; London Layers.
2-crown, $1 60 per box; S-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 SO; Imperial, $3. All
prices f . . o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
The market for all descriptions continues
neglected, while Prunes. Pears and Raisins
are depressed. No change In prices. *
. There win be no Orange aaction to-morrow.
Supplies ' of Oranges and ' Lemons contlau*
liberal and prices are weak.' T.lnmt rule firm.
• Bananas are In large supply and weak.
A che«t of Longworth Stmwbeniei sold at
net
deciduous FRurra —
APPLES — SOQtOo per box for common and <8a
<3U 25 for good to choice; Spltunbergs, $191 73;
Oregon Spitzenbergs, $1Q1 39; Lady Apples,
$1 7o@3 per box *
PEARS— 33c® Jl 80 per box.
CRANBERRIES— Jerseys. 311; - Wlsoonstns,
SIS 50; Cape Cod. $14 per barrel: Coos Bay, S3 U
62 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUIT3 — Navel Oranges, 310J 3S;
Seedlings. 75c@Jl 60; Tangerines, $1O1 25; ifan
darins. IWl 25; Lemons, ?5c<3il 23 for common
and $1 50©2 25 for good to choice: Grape Fruit.
50c©$2; Mexican Limes, $4 SO® 5; California
Limes, 25@85c; Bananas, Jl®2 per bunch; Pine
apples. $1@3 per dozen. ; .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage-California fancy, zSs; standard. ;
Eastern fancy, 3So; standard. — ; aecoads.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, ISo: choice, lie;
common, nominal; Young Americas, 13He;
Eastern, full cream. 15®l«tte per lb.
¦ EGGS— i
California ranch— 8 elected white, 31oj mixed
colors. 29o per doaen. /•
California Gathered— Fancy, tie; standard.
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, STHe;
¦eoonds, — .
Dairy— Kprtras. 25c; firsts.' I0o; second*. Uo;
store. ISo.
Storage— Creamery extras, 33%«; firsts. 31a;
seconds, 20c; dairy extras, .
Plckle-20o per lb.
Keg— lOo per lb. •
BUTTER— .
Creamery— Cxtraa, 36o; firsts. 33a; seconds.
Prloas'for Cggs were lower again on tn«
Dairy Sxohange. but Chees* and Buttar re
mained without change. Ther« Is plenty of
Butter here, but Eggs are not In heavy sup-
Ply.
Receipt* as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were 23.600 lbs Butter.- 479 cases California
Eggs. cases Eastern Eggs. S060 lbs Cali
fornia Cheese and lbs Eastern Ch ease.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Pigeons. $1 per dozen for old and |3$2 13 for
Squabs.. . .,.-.-
GAME-Quail, 31 60©! 75; Mallard, $303 60;
Canvasback. $393 60; Bprtg. $2©2 SO; Teal.
US0; Widgeon. »14Tt 60; Small Duck. 75c©n »;
Black Jack, n 28: Oray Geese, »3®S 50: White
Geese, fl®l 60; Brant, $1 60 for imall and 33
for ¦ large; •• Honkers,- 3304 80; English Snip*.
$179; Jack Snipe, $1 25: Hare. $125; Rabbits,
W JO for Cottontail and $1 for Brush t Doves,
<5®7Eo P«r dozen.
OREGON.
PORTI*ANT>, Deo. 29.— Th» Portland wheat
market has been bo far In front of the proces
sion throughout the season that the full extent
of the advance in other markets to-day was
not reflected locally. Walla Walla sold around
64V£c and 53c. Bluestem Is in nominal demand
at the usual differential of 2c to 3c per bushel.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Dec 29.— Market Ho higher and in
better demand. Bluestem. 65c; club. 64o.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Deo. ».— Clearings. $269,413;
balances. $45,944. ..r
Portland's Business.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2, red .Western winter,
quiet, 6s UHd; No. 1 Northern . spring, firm.
6s 2\A: No. 1 California, firm. 6s Sd.
CORN — Spot, flrm; American mixed, old. 4s
2d. Futures— Quiet;' March,* 2s 3%d; May, Ss
8Hd.
WHEAT— Futures quiet; February. Is Hd;
March, 6s ?id; May, nominal. - .
CLOSING.
LONDON. Deo. - ' 29.-Con*oli, WH; Silver,
29 9-lSd; French rentes. lOlf 25c; wheat cargoes
on' passage, firmer tendency; No. 1 Standard
California, 80s; English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, pec. 29.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 2V&d@6s 8d; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour In Farts, steady: French
country markets, steady; weather In England,
Cotton— uplands, 8%d.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, Deo. 29.— Tho cotton market
closed quiet, unchanged to 1 point lower. *
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Deo. ».— The ' Imports of dry
roods " and merchandise at the port of New
York for the week were valued at $11,213,814.
Imports at New York.
NBWTORK, Dec. 89.— As usual for. a Sat
urday : half-holiday business in the local metal
market. waa very. slack. Demand, as has been
the oase all the Week, was confined chiefly to
meetint Immediate requirements, as speculators
were inclined to wait until after the holiday
season la over. General sentiment, however,
was rather of a bearish nature. Domestic Iron
markets were dull and nominally Quoted at
J9 E0<j?10 60 for plgiron warrants; - Northern
foundry. |1S@16 60; Southern foundry. $1* BO©
15 75, and soft Southern, $l3ffl5 75.
Tin ruled steady at $26 S0@27 SO.
Copper, quiet at 17a for Lake Superior and
16%c for caatlns;.*
Lead and epelter ruled dull at 34 rr>A and
$4 12HS4 IS respectively.
New 'York Metal Market.
steady. • Good to choice ~ wethers. $8 75®4 BO;
mixed. $3 40®8 S0;^ Western. $3 7504 BO; Texas
eheep, $2 pO^S 60; native , lambs. $4 25®5 50;
Wertern lambs, $5©5 SO. . ,
CXO6ZKO QUOTATIONS.
BATTJRDAT. Dec. 39—10:45 a. m.
rharw Horn* *t |4 «©4 ». an advkn». clotln*
at ft 25. Mont« Crlsto recovered to $2 40 and
Caribou declined to 50c , ¦¦ M
The Occidental Mining Company haa levied
• n ass»ism«nt of Sc
Tho Qeary Street Railroad Compmy pays U
P«r share to-morrow.
Tha Market Street Railway has declared •
quarterly dividend of Mo per share, payabl*
January 10.
The Hernia Savings an* Loan Society pays
• l-» per cent per annum oa all deposits Janu
ary I.
STOCK A2H) BOND EXCHANGE*
SATURDAY. Dee. »— IS m-
TOTCTBD STATES B0NI>3l
Bid. Ask. I Btd.Ask,
4a quar eou9..U7%USH'<« do op (n«w).13Sftl3d
4s do r*c U8%U7Vil>s do coup — —
AnSCEIAAXEOCS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co..lC<»; - Oceanic SS ta.no^tU
Cal-st Cab 3s.llST»12S*i Om C Ry 6s.. .13 —
C C Water 5s. 103 — Pao O Imp to.101 —
EM E & P 6i.. 131 US P ft Cl Ry Ss-lOS 100
V * d Ry «b.114V« — P ft O R R Gs.llSH —
O«ary-»t R Ss. — — Po>well-«t R S«.11S —
H C A S 5s... — — Sac B OAR 5s. — 270
Do 6s 108% — 8 T ft BJV 5sJ19Til» t i
L X Ry 5*. 111 lll'-i 8 R of Cal «a. - 113
X. A li Co to. — 103 '9 P R of A «a.ll2%ll«
Do ratl «¦.. — — 8PC8s (I90S,
I< A gntd S«..1CO 10» Series A) 103% —
L. A P R R 58.100 — Po( Series B)llCft* —
Market-at Is.. 123% — Do (19CC) 113 113V
Do 1st M li.m\i — Do O310 131 —
MCSOR!!.- Ut 3 P R 1st i *a.io?'i —
N R or Cal »».ll*'i — . 8 P R «¦ 181 —
Dolt 108 — S V Water Ca..ll4ti —
NftlRjr 8s. .110% — Do 4« .1C3^1!H
Oak OL4H.- llltf, Do <d mt*...iM -
Oak Tran «•... — in Stktn Oaa to..l» 108
Oak Water Ss.lOiH —
water arocMJa.
Oontrs. Costa.. T9% 71ft Spring Valley. KM M
Martn County. Blft —
OAS AND ELECTRIC BT0C2C&
Cent L A P Co — 4U PaclSa L Co.. 43 44
Eqult OliOo. SH tVk Sfco E OftR Co SS —
Mutual I* Co.. — lOVk 8 D O ft St.... 43% «*4
O O 1> ft B.... — 80 Ban Francisco. — —
Pao Gas Imp.. 45 43 Stktn O & B.. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
BtrenVs I*nnd..ll$ — ,
BANK HTOCBJL -,
Anjrlo-Cal Ltd TS — First Natlonl.KO —
Bank of Cal..4O9 ttlVi London P & A.US —
Cal 3 D A T..104 — Merchants' Efc U —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Oer S ft I*-_tS«0 1)00 Sav ft L. So.,. — —
Hum S ft L... — — 8eo Sav Bk...tTS —
Mut Gav Bk._ SO — Union T C©._ — —
8 T Sav U...-53 —
STREOT RAILROAD STOCKS.
California..... OH— |O 8 I* ft K.... t> 48
Qeary-st 45 — Prestdto tf fi
Market-st ._.. «W4 70 |
_ POWDER STOCK*
California ..... — ISO Vljortt __...' I — "¦
Giant Coo Co. «H 84V&
BUOAR BTOCXa.
Hana 3 P Co.. — 7 [KIlaxMa 9 Co.. *>H H
Haw C ft 8 Co Stt4 8SH Ulakawen 8 Co *0M 41
Honokaa 8 Co. 3U4 — Onomea S Co.. Z$\ —
Hutch 8 P Co. KM. - IPaaohaa S Ox 31H J3i|
MISCKLXANSOCa STOCKS. V
Al Pack A»arul23m2*ii Pao A V A.... I —
Cal Fruit Aan.193 JO* Pa« Bor Oo.-.I53 154
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 *1CO Par Paint Ox. 13ft--
Oceanlc S Co..lK5 103H
Mornla g »«— *{¦».
Board —
(5000 Bay Counties Tower Co »- . „ , . tf*t TS
ISO Honokaa Sugar <~^ - L tl SO
510 Hutcblnson 8 P mmimMi-r-n- 39 SO
20 Kllauea Sugar Plantation ft...... JO 75
4.1 Makawsll Sugar Co _ 41 CO
$20,000 Northern California Rail-tray Sa._U0 SO
100 S P Gaa & Electric Co. t" fii 45 CO
150 S F Gaa ft Electrlo Co, a (0.......... 44 75
25 S F Gas & Electrlo Co.'.. -.. 44 87*
230 S F Gas & Electrlo Co. > 10. 43 00
10 S P Gas & Electrio Co »..>... 4$ 25
44 S F Gas ft Kleotrie O> 45 SO
CO S F Gaa ft Electrlo Co, a 80. ...... 45 50
25 8 F Gas ft Electrlo Co.— ............ 45 K2'i
£1 Spring Valley Water.....-....— ~..- 91 3r-»
PRODUCERST Oli EXCHANOB.
xfwy^^Tiy Passtoo.
Board—
100 California-Standard ....^ w ...-.....» 37
2C0 Callfornla^-Standard . n i. mi . 31
200 Caribou ....„ — .— .. 30
200 Caribou — ~.~.> 53
200 Four Oil Co...... ...._. — ......>., 54
250 Home Oil ~ __... 4 05
220 Horn* Oil ..,.~. ~.. 4 10
805 Home Oil ......__.-~_. _.._—.... 4 15
100 Home Oil -. .....^. 4 20
BOO Junction ..^.., ».... ~- «-'>
1C0 Monarch of AriJoca....^.............. SI
100 Monarch of Arizona.. .................. S3
too Monte Crtsto „...*,....... — t 1 ¦
loco Petroleum Ceeter »..»»... .^ 24
SSCO Reed Crude Oil Co.^.^.-^...—.-..-.. «7
1S00 Reed Crude Oil Co..... -.. (4
2000 Reed Crude Oil Co ~~^.~ 65
450 San Joaquln Oil A Daretopment...... 19 3T'-i
170 San Joaquln Oil ft Development. ..... 10 SO
SO San Joaquin OH ft Development...-. 10 82*4
20 Sterling O ft D Co..... 3 ;i
100 Sterling O ft D Co 3 75
ICO Twenty-eight — .. 3 SO
Street-
SCO Home Oil >-.—.... — 4 C
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1900.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
31
STOCK. I Bid. | Asked
STOCK.
. ., 1
Amsrtoan Fuel A Oil Co....... — M
Buckhom ...^.... — 4 on
California-Standard ...„-.._.. 14 37
Caribou — 53
Four Oil Co ,....-_ 69 n
Manford-Freano-Kern IUv«r-~. 37 40
Home OH Co.... ~ .......... 4 35 4 SO
Independence. ........¦...¦.¦..¦¦. — 23
Kern River....— M 25 —
Lion Oil Ct> 19 JO
McKlttrlck Consolidated ....... — 4«
Monarch o£ Arizona S3 —
Junction ....» — .— (4 —
Mont* Cristo". 149- 143
Occidental of "W««t Virginia... S3 ' M
Oil City Petroleum ._^. K CO MIS
I'etrolram Center ...~.~—~mm. 13 14
Reed Crude Oil Co......-~.~~ «3 61
Rex -.^.^..~ 49 —
San Joaqnln O. & D. Co.». M . SO {3^ —
Sterling O. A D. Co.-...--.. 3 75 —
Tw«ntj-^*ht .~. ..-.— ~ J45 t»
West Shot* .,«¦... i ¦-¦¦ S SO I 13
¦\,Voivert"nt".*.7JHir..«*— ..... ~1 1 19 1 40
rurek*
x~& siua
Uxnunento
ian FrwaclBOO
"reeso
ndependenc* .......
l&n Lul» ObUpo
>o» An»*les .. — •— •
en Di^co
] T^LSt Thli Last
J24 Hour* Season. Season.
./ .... 20.17 25.71
.... ».n ».85 -•-
.... 1.04 1.00
7.n i.<7
, .... t.n 1.77
.... S.M ».83
.... C.TB 3.33
1.71 1.91
:EIJ UJ«"EO
rurek*
x~& siua
Uxnunento
ian FrwaclBOO
"reeso
ndependenc* .......
l&n Lul» ObUpo
>o» An»*les .. — •— •
en Di^co
] T^LSt Thli Last
J24 Hour* Season. Season.
./ .... 20.17 25.71
.... ».n ».85 -•-
.... 1.04 1.00
7.n i.<7
, .... t.n 1.77
.... S.M ».83
.... C.TB 3.33
1.71 1.91
:EIJ UJ«"EO
STOCK. I Bid. | Asked
STOCK.
. ., 1
Amsrtoan Fuel A Oil Co....... — M
Buckhom ...^.... — 4 on
California-Standard ...„-.._.. 14 37
Caribou — 53
Four Oil Co ,....-_ 69 n
Manford-Freano-Kern IUv«r-~. 37 40
Home OH Co.... ~ .......... 4 35 4 SO
Independence. ........¦...¦.¦..¦¦. — 23
Kern River....— M 25 —
Lion Oil Ct> 19 JO
McKlttrlck Consolidated ....... — 4«
Monarch o£ Arizona S3 —
Junction ....» — .— (4 —
Mont* Cristo". 149- 143
Occidental of "W««t Virginia... S3 ' M
Oil City Petroleum ._^. K CO MIS
I'etrolram Center ...~.~—~mm. 13 14
Reed Crude Oil Co......-~.~~ «3 61
Rex -.^.^..~ 49 —
San Joaqnln O. & D. Co.». M . SO {3^ —
Sterling O. A D. Co.-...--.. 3 75 —
Tw«ntj-^*ht .~. ..-.— ~ J45 t»
West Shot* .,«¦... i ¦-¦¦ S SO I 13
¦\,Voivert"nt".*.7JHir..«*— ..... ~1 1 19 1 40
THE WEEKLY CALL
It Publish** the Cream of th»
News of the Week and
MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
ORIGINAL FEATURES.
IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
PAPER ON TM3
4 PACIFIC COAST
The Best >v • Mining
Telegraphic News That
Service on /\. Is Accurate
The Coast / \&uptod«stt>
Not a Line of it Sensational
or Faky, and Not a Line of
it Dry or Uninteresting.
fT4|W)CATt» 1 SENT BY
HOME MAIL. U
INDUSTRIES J AY14&
A CAUFORNU NCWSPAPEB
AUTKZTIML
Thoajhttul. Truth.Maidenhood and widowhood are two
hoods that are ever set for the Inveigle
ment of men.
by the Judge. Coffey then asked that the
Judge subpena the defendants to b« In
court Monday so that they could be heard
as to the agreement, but the Judge said
he would not do bo.
"I do not know anything officially about
any stipulation," said the Judge, "and as
the cases have been continued from time
to time by consent, and the record shows
that the defendants pleaded not guilty
and demanded a Jury, I must abid» by tha
record."
The cases were continued till to-mor
row, and the cases of H. Muller, Joseph
Mohan. Thomas Corbett, George Duncan,
Zlck Abrams, Abe Krans and Edward
"Wilson, on Judge Cab&nlss' calendar,
were also continued till to-morrow by
Judge Fritz, as Judge Cabaniss is con
fined to his house through Illness.
of water a minute pass through the con
trolling works at Lockport. about five
miles above Joliet. The maximum head
at the latter point Is «nly fifteen feet,
while the lowest limit reaches n!n» feet,
the average being about twelve. This
low head and large volume of water
necessitate a system employing a great
number of wheels. Two of these wheels
will be forty-eight Inches In size and
capable of developing 125 horsepower
each under a head of ten feet, while tha
balance of the turbines will be sixty
six-inch wheels, capable of developing
500 horsepower each.
The poolsellers seem determined not to
carry out their part of the agreement
made with Chief Sullivan as to pleading
guilty in all the cases pending In the Po
lice Courts. This was evidenced when the
cases of Thomas Corbett and John Phil
lips were called yesterday morning in
Judge Fritz's court. Attorney Collins was
present for the defendants, and he asked
that the cases be set for trial by jury at
as early a date as possible.
Attorney Coffey, the special prosecutor,
referred to the agreement made between
Collins' clients and the Chief of Police,
but Collins said he had been all along
opposed to any agreement and did not
consider himself bound by it. There waa
a warm exchange of compliments between
Coffey and Collins, which was cut short
Drainage Canal Power.
An interesting water power development
of a very small head, which when fin
ished will be the largest plant of its kind
In the United States, is now nearlng
completion at Jollet. 111. A local power
company, says the Western Electrician,
has for a number of years operated a
plant there partly by steam and partly
by the water from the Michigan Canal
and Desplaines River. With the opening
of the Chicago Drainage Canal, however,
the water power available at Joliet is
now more than ample for all require
ments. Accordingly a water power plant,
employing forty turbines, and eventually
to have a capacity of 8000 horae power, ia
being erected. Under the present flow
of the drainage canal 300,000 cubic feet
They Demand a Jury Trial and Refuse to
Enter a Plea of Guilty.
POOLSELLERS MAINTAIN
THEIR DEFIANT ATTITUDE
NEWLY APPOINTED CASHIER OF THE CUSTOM-HOUSE. HE HAS
BEEN SUFFERING FROM A SEVERE ILLNESS, BUT IS RECOVER
ING AND WILL ASSUME HIS DUTIES JANUARY 1.
Grigg-s — The - world . would get ' along a
good ; deal : better • if ' people would attend
to; their own business and let other folks'
business: alone.
"1 Briggs-^Yes, the world might get ' along
better;.. but-; what- would -the people do? —
Boston .Transcript. '.-. r-
She— You don't love me as you did long
ago.. ' . • . . " . ¦ ' ¦,..- ¦¦¦£.:<\: f
•¦¦-. He — Lemme see. , You are - about twice
as big as you were when I married you. ¦
-"Y-yes." V-— "• ' . - ! . ... - • ; :*r
; "Well, that's it. There is so much more
of you that the ; love has - to spread • out
kinder thin, don't you see?" — Indlanapol's
Press. " . ' ¦
Toilet Cases and Albums.
Toilet cases, albums, collar and cuff
boxes, jeweland work boxes, shaving sets
aud celluloid novelties. By far the nicest
line in the city at verv low prices. San
born, Vail &_Co., 741 Market St. ••
ST. PAUL.,', Dec- 29.— Dr. Justus Chage,
Health Commissioner 'of this city,-; has is
sued stringent quarantine orders against
the city of ' Winona'. where there are.' said
to be 500 cases of smallpox.. ¦:.' '.¦'•'¦>'. . ,• -f
', Dr. Bracken, the State health officer,
visited Winona* to-day and held a,confer
ence with ; the Council,' at which : he ; told
them that unless: the present health offi
cers ; were i removed ' and < stringent , regula
tions established every > city •- in - the *. Stale
would quarantine against the place. : It is
said that after much discussion the Coun
cllmen 1 took the ' advice ; of > the health ; offi
cer and made the changes 'suggested. '
• The disease ' has . been rife . all .- summer,
\ ' . ... ;'.¦¦¦ :'•..¦
Worth the Difference.
In S. L. Powers' story at the Middlesex
Bar : Association dinner the lawyer tried
the case for the complainant. She sued a
middle-aged gentleman for breach of
promise. He married - another girl. - The
Jury retired and the defendant also went
his way.^ The! jury returned, the defend
ant did not. The jury found for the plain
tiff in $800 damages, -v
: The lawyer met the "middle-aged gentle
man a' few minutes later in the lobby of
an adjacent. hotel. '•'.
- "Squire.V. said the latter, "how did the
Jury decide?". .' "
"Against you,'.' was the answer.
.'.'I didn't think they. would do that." said
the -middle-aged; gentleman, ; musingly.
"What's the; damages ?". . ¦
¦*¦ "That aint's so bad.',' heexclalmed.on be
ing told.'."Squire. there's that much dlffer
enqe; between' the two women!"— Boston
Record. " . - \
take up his duties on the first of the year.
The appointment of Mr. Perkins to this
responsible position is a source of much
satisfaction to his friends. - He is a young
man of great ability and a general favor
ite socially. ., •
The office for which he has been chosen
is one for which he is peculiarly fitted. His
experience I In commercial work has been
large, and he is possessed * of excellent
business Judgment. All' who know him
are looking forward to his distinguishing
himself In the Custom-house. - *
but has been of a very mild type. With
the advent of cold weather, however, It
has become more severe, and It is stated
that 238 houses are now under quarantine.
FIVE HUNDRED
SMALLPOX CASES
Minnesota State ; Health Offi
cer Insists Upon Rigid
Quarantine.
yes^ LEM PERKINS, 'who has been
.//> appointed cashier of the Custom
IV^ m .House, will enter -upon his new
duties on New. Year's day. He
. will take the place of William B.
Hamilton, who has been appointed special
deputy by Collector Stratton.
Mr. Perkins Is a nephew of Senator Per
kins, and resides in ¦ Oakland. For some
•time past he has been very 111, but is now
recovering and Is expected to be able to
As Likely to Bend the Fleeing Vic-
THE NATTJKE OF BLOODHOUNDS.
tim as Is the Average Pug.
"It Is a peculiar fact," said Detective
Frank D. Mitchell the other day, "that'
the general public has an entirely erro
neous idea as to the nature and charac
teristics of the bloodhound. The popular
opinion is that he is a oeast of giant
frame and unusually ferocious, with a
penchant for eating the criminal whom
he has brought to bay. Another common
error is that he can follow a scent in
ceflnitely, through a thousand sinuosities,
though It may be Intersected by any num
ber of other trails.
"The average bloodhound Is no more
to be dreaded, so far as his flerceneas is
concerned, than a pug. He is a gaunt
rawboned creature, with a head running
to a peak; sleepy eyes and long, pendu
lous ears. As to disposition, he is lazy.
His usefulness lies chiefly In the keenness
ot his olfactory nerves, enabling him to
follow $. fresh scent many miles. He sel
dom touches his quarry when run to
earth, however, and never does unless
starved to it. The bloodhound differs from
the English foxhound, in that he never
'gives tongue' or bays while following a
scent.
"Bloodhounds are not of much use in
tracking criminals in a city, or where
there is comparatively dense population,
as the numerous cross-trails confuse
them. This was demonstrated last winter
when we were hunting two negroes named
Will Tony and Sam Barnette. The people
of Benson had been complaining of chick
en thieves. Almost every night some hen
coop in that suburb of Omaha would be
looted and finally Detective Drummy and
I were detailed to work up the case. We
put in several days on it without landing
our man, and the aggravating part of it
was that the thefts were going right on,
even while we were hunting for the crim
inals. Well, eventually we . decided to
adopt heroic measures. We had a con
sultation with several prominent citizens
of Benson, and the result was we sent to
Beatrice for a pack of .bloodhounds. '
"We kept the dog* In hiding, until there
was. another raid on a hencoop, and then,
bright and early one morning the hounOs
were put on a fresh trail. They followed
It about a quarter of a mile and finally
came to a standstill on the front porch
of a house in the outskirts of the village
"The family that lived in this house
bore a good reputation, but we decided to
go in anyhow and make an investigation.
We searched everywhere, from cellar to
garret, but there was no sign of a stolen
chicken. Not even a feather could be
found on the premises. Then we took the
dogs back to the starting: point and had
them go over the trail again, and again
they wound up on the front porch of* the
same house. Try as we ¦would we could
n't get the beasts to leave that place.
The trail seemed to end there. If the
thieves had gone up In a balloon at that
point they couldn't have obliterated their
tracks more effectually. So the dogs were
declared a failure and were sent back to
Beatrice. , -
"Latef we succeeded in catching Tony
and Bafnette red-handed, with the evi
dence of their guilt upon them, and they
confessed. I have never been able to ex
plain to my own satisfaction why the trail
left off so abruptly on the porch of that
particular house. There is a tradition
comes , up from the ' South, a survivor of
the ante-bellum days, that' if a .fleeing
slave tied sliced ,, onions upon the soles of
his feet the hounds could not track him.
Perhaps that is what Barnette ¦ and Tony
did on the "piazza of that house— I don't
know."— Omaha Bee.
Rev. William Kirk Guthrie, assistant
pastor of the First Presbyterian Church,
will preach. this morning and evening. His
topic for the morning will be "Hold Fast"
and in the evening he will preach on "The
Sermon on the Mount."
Rev. T. Brown of the A. M. E. ZIon
Church will preach this morning on "The
Greatness of the Nineteenth Century,"
and in the evening emancipation services
will be held.
"The Satisfied Soul" is the topic of Rev.
W. C. Jenkins* sermon, which he will
preach this morning In the Hamilton
square Baptist Church. In the evening
he will discuss "ThenOld and the New."
Rev. W. E. Dugan of the Stewart Me
morial United Presbyterian Church will
preach morning and evening. His topic
in the morning will be "Do Christians
Think?" in the evening, "The Crossing of
the Centuries."
The services in the First Unitarian
Church this morning will be highly inter
esting. Rev. Bradford Leavitt, pastor of
the church, will discuss- "A " New Year's
Lesson From" St. Christopher." In the
evening F. W. Dohrmann. president of the
Merchants' Association, will discuss
"Good Government."
| Rev.' E. H. Avery of the Westminster
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "The Coming Kingdom," and
In the evening on ."The Old and the New."
The topics chosen by Rev. H. H. Bell of
the First United Presbyterian Church for
his' morning and. evening sermons are
timely. In the morning he will discuss
"Review and Review" and In- the evening
"Life -Principles for New Year."
The Calvary Presbyterian Church con
gregation will hold services in the
Young Men's Christian Association audi
torium until the completion of the new
church: The • morning service will be
highly interesting. The Christmas son?
service Is to be repeated. In the evening
Rev. John Hemphill will preach on "Res
olutions for the New Century."
Rev. F. Vernon Jones, the new pastor
of the Park Congregational Church,' will
preach this morning on "Mountalntop
Christians." and in the evening his tODic
will be "Our Past Life."
• Rev. William Rader. the well-known
pastor of the Third Congregational
Church, will discuss "The Gospel for the
New Year and the Next Century." In the
evening he will talk on "Raphael, the
Painter of Madonnas.". -
Rev. George C. Adams, pastor of the
First Congregational Church, will preach
this morning on "Gifts That- Endure."
His topic for t):e evening sermon will be
"The Promise of a. Long Life."
Rev. E. A. Woods will preach to the
congregation of the First Baptist Church
on "The Old Year and the New." In the
"veninp he will deliver a sermon on "After
Drath— "What Then?"
The members of the First Church of
Christ, which holds Its services on Sutter
street, between Kearny and Grant ave
nue, will discuss "Christian Science" at
the services this morning.
Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller, pastor of, the
Central Methodist Episcopal Church, has
arranged an excellent programme for the
Sabbath. In the morning Rev. Herbert F.
Kripgs will preach, and In the evening
Rev. Arthur *Y Briggs will occupy the
pulpit. Watch-night sen-ices will be held
In the church on Monday evening. Bish
op Hamilton v/!ll preach. There will be
special music," r.nd a special paper on the
work of the century of 1900 will be read. ¦>
The meeting for men only at the Young
Men's Christian Association this after
noon will be addressed by A. M. Ey?a3,
M. !D. •¦-"_•-,
A. special musical -sorvloc. r££ "•»« held
Themes of the Dying and
the Coming Century to
Be Discussed.
TIMELY SERMONS
IK THE CHURCHES
Made Desolate by Winds.
Betfreen Formosa and the coast of
Chir.a lies a. group of twenty-one Islands,
interspersed -with innumerable re«fs and
ledges, which are called Pescadores
Islands. According t« the investigation!
of a Japanese geologist, these islands
have suffered in a remarkable manner
irora the northeast winds, which blow
with pavage violence there during nina
months of the year. The •riginal area
of the islands has been greatly reduced
by erosion, aud their surfaces are barren,
and desolate, s» that the wind-whipped
proup forms "a quasi-deserf amidst th«
green island world of Southeastern Asia."
THE California State Federation
Convention which meets In Pion
eer Hall on January 7 will be one
of the most important and signifi
cant gatherings of organized la
bor ever assembled in the history of Cali
fornia. A caT. issuing from the San Fran
cisco Labor Council has been sent to
every eligible trade union In the State.
The cr.ly restriction placed upon the ad
mission of unions is that they shall be
affiliated with the chartered Labor Coun
cil in their \icinity where such a union
exists.
The principal work before the conven
tion will be the formation of a perma
nent State Federation. In addition It is
expected that certain legislative meas
ures, such as the anti-injunction, anti
child labor, employment agency, employ
er's liability and blower system bills
which have already been indorsed by a
large number of the local labor bodies
will be discussed and steps taken to se-
cure their enactment into laws by th.
Legislature. *
It is the intention of those in charge of
the convention to have it perfectly free
m «? n v l u l l l oi P° litlc s. It is intended
that it shall be a purely labor gathering
organized on purely labor llnef. and its
aim will be to unite the legitimate pow
1 t « ra , de unlon 'sm for the achievement
of the industrial interests of the State
Among those having the affair in charge
are the most representative of the State's
labor organizers. The committee of ar
ra -£? re I 1 ; er - ts c 0125184^ of the following:
MacArthur, chairman; B. W. Smith,
Fecretary; R. I Wistler. August Iten, A.
R. Andre. A. Digdon and T. Zandt.
Carpenters to Aid Millmen.
The Carpenters' and Joiners' Union has
come to the relief of the striking millmen
At a meeting last evening the union *voted
to give $4 per member toward helpine
along the cause of the strikers. The total
sum pledged Is J3600. The union is anxious
that the strike be settled as soon as pos
sible. *[
B. W. SMITH. "VTHOSE EXERGETIC "WORK AS SECRETARY FOR THE
COMING LABOR CONVENTION TVILL BE LARGELY INSTRUMEN
TAL IN BRINGING IT TO A SUCCESSFUL ISSUE.
The retail clerks are meeting with suc
cess in their efforts to secure the early
of stores in this city. The great
majority of the merchants freely signified
their willingness to enter into an agree
ment to close on Sundays and also on
weekday evenings. There are still some
districts not thoroughly canvassed and
also some merchants in the districts
where the most work has been done who
are holding off, and special efforts are
now being directed to make early closing
general throughout the city. Many minis
ters are aiding the movement, and last
night the following letter was addressed
to those merchants who have agreed, to
close by the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil:
Dear Sir: Local No. 432 of the Retail Clerks'
International Protective Association, organ
ized by and now affiliated with the San Fran-
Cisco Labor Council, reported at last night's
session of the council that so far ninety lead
ing retail stores of this city had over their
signatures agreed to inaugurate on January
1, 1901, the shorter workday by closing their
establishments, daily at 6 p. m., except on
Saturday evenings, evenings preceding holi
days and evenings during the month of De
cember.
To further advance the Just and worthy
cause of early closing of stores— a cause that
will permit both employer and employe to lead
better and broader lives— the San Francisco
Labor Council elected last night a special
committee to render the full support of the
council to the clerks in their efforts to get
all competitive retail stores to close, thus In
suring the permanency of the movement while
hurting no man in his business.
This committee will Interview the few pro
prietors who have not yet signed the clerks'
agreement, urging them to comply with their
request, and, failing to get such compliance,
the committee will send the names of such
stores to the members of the unions of this
city and make them public otherwise, ¦ the
committee being fully convinced that at the
present stage of civilization the public, once
its attention Is called to the matter, will
quickly convince these merchants that hu
mane hours of labor are Just and expedient,
and that it does not pay to retard the
growth of the community.
The secretary was instructed to communi
cate with all the merchants who signed the
agreement and assure them that the full and
individual strength of the labor movement will
be used to protect them against those who
believe that by keeping their stores open all
hours of the day and night they can get a
large share of patronage.
in Trinity Church this evening under the
direction of H. J. Stewart, organist and
choir director.
Interesting sermons, many of them
bearing on the promise of the new year
or the great questions of the coming and
the dying century, will be preached to
day by the pastors of San Francisco's va
rious churches.
The union watch night service to be
held at the Young '.Men's Christian Asso
ciation Auditorium, -Mason and Ellis
streets, to-morrow evening Is creating
lively Interest. The service will continue
from 9 to 12 o'clock. Hynes' Orchestra
¦will furnish music. From 9 to 10 o'clock
a programme will be presented, in ¦which
the Knickerbocker Quartet will partici
pate. There will also be athletic work
and Illuminated club work by M. C.
O'Brien. From 10 to 11 there will be short
addresses by Rev. John Hemphill. D. D.,
Rev. F. "W. Clampett. D. D., A. P. Black
and others. Songs will be sung by Robert
Lloyd and Mrs. J. W. Madden. From 11
to 12 o'clock an evangelistic service win
be conducted by Fred B. Smith of New
York, at which hour Rev. George C. Ad
ams, D. D., pastor of the First Congre
gational Church, will read the message of
Vice President-elect Roosevelt to the
young men of the twentieth century. This
address has been furnished In manuscript
to every association in the country. The
watch night service will be freej to the
public, both men and women.
Hard Work on Part of the Reformers
Brings Nearly Every Store
in the City Into
Line.
Labor Council Appoints a
Committee to Aid the
Shoe Clerks.
STILL FIGHT FOR
EARLY CLOSING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 30,' 19OO.
Arrangements on Foot for a Gathering of Great
Importance to the Workers.
STATE LABOR UNIONS PLAN
NEW CENTURY CONVENTION
CLEM PERKINS APPOINTED
TO RESPONSIBLE POSITION
Nephew of the Senator Will Become Cashier of
Custom-House on New Year's Day.
32
"THE CREDIT HOUSE" j
S'itl Stories High
;
~/L=tp —^— — ;P^^_*i
f mi; 11 I
You car make the front:
; hall look inviting and com- j
i fortable at a small outlay, i
j This Hall Seat is an odd design well j
I made zni finished in golden oak. ' One i
j of a hundred different scats, settles and :
j hall-trees. ; $3.75
> Hanging Hatracks, that are so popu- ;
I !ar now, come in many attractive styles j
j and of every wood; from $3 to $30 i
I New Year— Twelfth Night j
•New Table Sets of real Irish Linen,-;
! worthy the New Year, festivities. Ai
> complete line of dainty patterns. Full |
| size table cloth with six dinner nap- j
i kins to match as low as J6.00 a set. i
i Table Linen sold by the piece, also, i
I To Coax You out of Bed
i these cool mornings — a soft Fur Rug.
¦ Combination Fur Rugs in all colors &
• leopard skin effects. Rich, glossy fur
I look inviting in any room. Only one
i to each purchaser. 30x60 inches; $3.50
! Free Delivery ta O&tdind, Altnela, Berkeley
\ M. FRIEDMAN & CO.
> (Incorporated)
I 233-236-237 Post fit. Open Evening!
There are 150 square miles of streets in
London. Kach equare mile averages IS)
rtreets and each street 100 houses.
.:^ Hale^s. ; | . Hale's. \ Hale's. | Hale's.
before stocktaking prices in all departments,
fiYv^ Xjf%z^?£yi*m flE 0 / f£ on fancy china, . lamps, marbles, art goods, £S!r£L 4L 4/y
U yc^ ffifegj^gSSfr^ QJ? S » # /o OTT 6/vc-a-6rae, bronzes, fine vases, cut glass.
S^fM-C^^^^^^^ ¦ f% SZ 0/ f£ on kid dolts, dresstd dolls, jointed dolls,, doll 4£&Z^^0Z&,&* tf\
/niJ': •^' e^^VV^^^' j£Z) /o OTT r > ndin 9s. drums, trunks, pianos, iron toys. i^^^^^ff^ r £$3^rM
dm^^mJ^^^^^-- stuffed animals, magic lanterns, musical toys, C^^^S^W-^T/
>^®>^ili^V^^y 7 ~V-. sporting goods, tin kitchens, doll dishes, desks
Vt&gT Q Q1 °/ f(° n Xma * trea crnaments ' games, doll hcuses.
' n\T*^ * " ° nc "hali °lf on calendars and booklets.
ill/' I before stock-taking prices on before stock-taking prices on before stock-taking prices on before stock-taking prices on Sf
\ISSI small wares. handkerchiefs. ladies' neckwear. fancy veilings.
m{/ Unmistakable price cuts that , The most successful holiday selling* Pretty stock jabots 48c each— worth A big and splendid miscel- luju
Nfir tell unerringly of impending in our history has left us with something j$ c an d, 58c. The collars are made of laneous lot. including plain fiyL7
/k inventory. like a thousand slightly soiled mussed .. b i ue i aven der and cream silk cov and dotted tuxedo nets in KW
M Shell i»ir ornament* n m5« and counter tumbled handkerchiefs that pm 7 D ! u , e ' l f ven .° er , "eain s ' Ik - cov- black wW brown> tan< mode tt^
iff]' cellaneous lot o?emD^e^nd . we are Anxious to get rid- of /before ercd with chantilly lace-the labots are and blue-close dotted maline L
llH' side combs— now. each . .Oc stock-counting day. The assortment in- about 9 inches long and are made of lace nets— and fancy mesh tuxedo fflflk
¦ hkl j ,• , ,¦. ' .. "" . eludes pure linen and swiss handker- t o match collar and cascaded very full nets with and without dots. /piVSl
W ' . ¦ Ladies v^ nitc a u 1J !v Sfore chiefs with embroidered, scalloped, H . . . . nrireri no tw »» If these goods were 18 inches MMft
\W hose. supporters, with the pop- hce-trimmed and hemstitched borders. « andsor ? e and low priced as they are instead £ 2? -^^ wide tfa VK7»
ular button catch— now. per You'd think them rare values. regularly they can t remain long, but while they wouId rea dily fetch 25c. 35c and >Vf
\ pair lOc at 25c to 35c. each. Now. your choice do last you can pick out the one that 50c a yard. Now, per yard.. Oc y«
\ White four-hole pearl but- ....... 18c pleases you best for 4Sc " M
M tons— now. per dozen...... 5c b .f ore stock-taking |o C ket<5 skipf«S flllrf wal«st« beforostock-uklnft price, on JT
Ml Ladies- and children's prices on * jacKets, skipis ana waists. satin ribbons, wl
II m shoulder hose supporters— Lets, confess that these reductions are greater than we mijrht have mads wv.~, »n «:it, hvK
OT with safety button catch— at any other time. The offerings are really remarkable. , .V* e £ JJ. "J k ,"^ b .$™ c »™« \\M
\ H made of best lisle elastic La- Ladles' fine French flannel waists In all Ladles' moreen underskirts In black and ?, ." x ? P" ces 11Ke incse tnea ll'/n
\ iJ\ cii» , n,Ir • ' the wanted colors and all sizes; madewlth colors; made with ruffle or knife plaited »' s buying.time. M \i|
f (.1/ °. 1CS s ',^ s -"***- a pair— misses stitched fronts and collars; worth $2 50 flounce; all sizes; worth $125 each, now.. 700 yards No. 7 best latin IVvul
/ W/ sizes lOc per pair — children's each, now S1.5O .'.' 75<» o nr 1 o-ro. <r«?n. riKKW™ !« , \U/U
¥ sizes, per pair 17c Ladles' separate skirts of all- woo? chev- Ladles' box front kersey Jackets. In ? nd . gr0 ,? Krain- nbbons ma WTjV
A/f . ..' r y -I' . lot, in blue, or black: made with plaited black or navy blue; lined throughout and broken line of colors— regular Vfltf
I U I vynite cotton finishing fronts and backs; worth $6 75 each, now., finished with pearl buttons; sizes 83 and price IOC a yard — now 4c vl
YShI braids in a dozen- or more dif- ••••• • ..:..... ....S5.OO 42; worth $6 75 each, now 83.O5 1850 yards No. Q and 12 best i«
W ferent patterns — now, per piece *»*\ fST /SSjf satin and gros grain ribbons jl
finished 'with fancy metal buck- • /m&' /ESI *j^~- ' y ar( j s J^ o jg Des t satin
, 1C cJwidTeh^%?ai r hoVe. supSSt: JS* GOOD^^^ ¦ M v f?° $ **** ribb ° nS t irl M
fit ers, with button catch; made of ' ' ' ¦ a Droken assortment 01 colors JrJJu
M red, orange or black frilled elas- M . <». A . „ . . — regular price 2OC a yard— (rb£f
i/rt\v\ tIc; now> per P alr """'" l)c fflarkct street, near Sixth, opposite Golden Gate avenue. * now lOo wsr^
V
:: 1230-1232-1234 MARKET ST.
SHARPCUTS1NPRICES
:: TAILORED SUITS $S.5O.
-• M^Z&T \) lU price Si.^ — cut to
t : 7 I U\/-tifesb>^ /rt^^Kr^^ BLOUSE SUITS.
•• Q. 0 \ \ © ?* \ \ * made in the lar-
••. A\ ti A \ est siT^ e * newest
** v A \ • -- /\ \ ¦ cnt skirt, a very
/ O <¦ ( J J . J (11 serviceable suit,
* \ ' \ HANDSOME
t \PvWpi iiADEsSiri
•J* •" . « «J I *= \ elejrantlv tailor-
jr ed. best anaii-
•J. ties of lining, superior in fit and finish, regular prices were $17.50,
f $20 and $27.50.,
I FUR-TRIMMED JACKETS S15.O0.
T 36 NEWEST CUT JACKETS, lined throughout with elegant quality
4» Taffeta Silk, beautifully trimmed with rich fur, regular price $2^—
T cut to ....: §15.00
I HUR CAPIAS 86,5O.
J. CHINA SEAL FUI* CAPES. Astrakhan yokes, tail trimmed, lined
. with heavy black satin, recrular price $10 — cut to $C.5O
I FOX-HEAD SCARFS $5.OO.
T 150: GENUINE FOX HEAD FUR- SCARFS, regular price ' $a<o-
X SPECIAL S5.OO
JL ¦.¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ - - ¦ . . >T