COUNT RUDOLPH CHARGES UNDER
OATH THAT THE COUNTESS EILA
FESTETICS DE TOLNA IS A FLIRT
ST." PAUIv Dec.- 27.— An Hvenlng: paper
says":; Kvents- of • to-day' Indicate that R
strike -of '' telegraph operators "on/ the'
Northern Pacific Is more than • possible.
The company, is '.^ending .men West r to'
prepa r » for an emergency- ¦ •
Other Telegraphers May Strike.
MRS. CAJEtRIE HTJNTOON
PRONOUNCED INSANE
Woman Who Conspired to Murder
Divorced Husband Will Be
Sent to an Asylum.
CONCORD, N. H.. Dec. 27.— Mrs. Carrie
Sinclair Huntoon, the former society belle
who was arrested last nlpht on a charge
of -conspiracy to ¦ kill her divorced .hus
band. Walter C. Huntoon. whs to-day
pronounced Insane. She will be taken to
«n asvlum. .
On th« island of'Mlnicol, on the Malabar
coast, the Ttrfna was Kat on February It, 1W.
about 1 o'clock in the morning. Owing to th«
The yacht- wa» well constructed by Captain
Turner of San Francisco at Benicfa, and I
know that she was stanch, for I aaw every
piece of wood that went Into her. She was
luxuriously furnished, commodious and a fine
sailer. My wife's, family all saw the yacht
before we tet sail on her and they never ob
jected to her as a place of abode for my wl'fe.
Though we always slept ashore when the op
portunity afforded, it was not because the
Tolna was not safe ar.d comfortable. Often
we stayed at night on the vessel when we were
visiting the South Sea islands.* for they wera
too wild and dangerous t/6 admit of our re
maining on shore over night with safety.
From the story of nls parting with ht3
wife and his public denial that she had
sued him for divorce Count Festetlc*
drifts Into a warm defense of his yacht
and concludes with a dramatic descrip
tion of the- loss of the little vessel. Ha
shows some elation over the fact that he
cheated the savages of the Malabar coast
out of the enjoyment of hla vessel after
their refusal' to aid him In gettln* her
afloat after she struck a reef. His de
fense of the vessel is for the purpose of
proving that Countess Festetics and her
relatives had none and could have no
objection to the Tolna. her fittings or her
seaworthiness. His description of the
loss of the vessel has the object of prov
lngr that even though had Countess Fes
tetics been aboard her life would not
have been endangered and to establish his
contention that It was not lack o;
strength of the vessel's beams but lack
of skill on the) part of mariners that tock
the Tolna to her doom. He says:
Praises His Yacht.
From tho li-Jt two lettrrs written by my wlf,»
after our jrart'n* at Singapore -I fully expected
her to r-turr. to me. After the third Wt-r.
which 1 .rccived at Pert :*.i-.J, > sus-pscie*
that there was something , the matter. L»sa
than a fortnight after, leaving Port Said I
arrived at Trieste and I wu astounded to re>i.l
in the newspapers that my .wife was s-ek'r.g
a divorce, which I did not oc'teve to be 'h*
case and publicly denied.
• I never remained away from the Tolna over
night, leaving the plaintiff on the yacht. I
did not remain away from the yacht at any
place except with my wife. When I left Sing
apore my wife in no manner objected or dis
approved of my departing without her. After
receiving the money from her father by tele
graph she spent the Interval of the four or five
days before I. nailed in carefully packing up
her belongings. She not only used all the
trunks she had on board, but bought several
large chests, and when all were- filled had them
taken to Mr. Bond, who was to ship them else
where for my wife. We lunched the day of
my sailing with the Austrian Consul. Mr. Bond,
and then with him we went to the Tolna. My
wife and Mr. Bond came on board the Tolna
for a short time Just before the yacht weighed
anchor. My wife and Mr. Bond then descended
to the launch and I also went down, where
my wife and I kissed and parted in th? pr»»
ence of Mr. Bond. Our parting was afTection
ate. but my wife in no manner whatever ob
jected or disapproved of my departing without
her.
a Urge apartment, 90 Avenue de Jena, In Tarts,
which I occupied before my marriage. This
apartment was beautifully fitted up with nty
own furniture and fittings. Beside* I had
there my own horses and carriage?. This whole
establishment was sold out in ISOj. aa,I coukl
no longer pay the rent.
In reply tg my wife's request to live on land,
I sj.td: "If your people give me the amount
that they promised, as' you" know, before our
marriage— that is a 'million francs— then I can
gtve'np the yachting and live where you like
on shore." My reason for keeping up mjr
yachting life so long, besides my lore for the
sea, was that I was always waiting for the
payment of the money which the parents of my
wife promised me before my marriage with
their daughter. They promised that I should
have it at the time of the marriage, but it
was never given me, although they continued
to i romise that I should have It later. I only
had .money enough myself to own the yacht,
and could not afford to keep an establishment
on land, too, especially as my wife was rather
lav sh In her expenditures. If I had the means
it would have been a pleasure to roe to have
had a house on land and to keep the Tolna
as a raclnz yacht.
I cannot state the exact money furnished by
me to the plaintiff for her maintenance and
support from the time of our marriage until
May. ' 190CC but the amount was about 15O.C0O
guldens, i some $60,0001 If I had been alone I
should have lived on my Income, as I did
before my marriage, but the amount Just speci
fied I drew from my capital at various times
to cover the demands of my wife for money.
Between April 20, 1833. and the commence
ment of this action. May 17. 19C0. I gave the
plaintiff no money: first, because she had re
cel\ed a large credit from her father; second,
because she did not'ask me for any, and third,
because she was living with her parents, who
were supposed -to*. be wealthy. • Wntil we ar
rived at Japan en May ftrt, l?97. my wife did
not receive, altejether from any source more
than %2K : a» she herself expressly told me.
I had for two years, that is from 1S93 to 1&33.
Marriage Settlement That Fails.
then I • took a "whisky bottle standing on the
table and breaking this on Remington's head
he Immediately recovered from his faintneas
amd went. I stayed below, but my wife ran
after nira. and I heard that he Jumped Quickly
In the si? which was in. readiness to take him
away. ' When my wife came down below I
told her that I had quite 'enough of this sort
of flirtatfon. having already seen her engaged
in similar. flirtations at Sairoa and Yokohama,
and that I had had enough of this sort of thing,
end I toldf her: "You would better pack up
and co back to your people." She said all
right, and taking her hat went to the tele
graph office, and upon my talking with Sir
Aif.xander Swetnam and my counsel. Mr von
Braiidt. " Remington apologized and promised
never, to see my wife any more. I aske'd my
wife not to make any further scandal and con
tinue to stay with me on board the Tolna.
and that j I would pardon her. She said she
would have stayed if her father had not pent
her \ money in reply to her telegram, but now
that her father had sent her money. she would
go. . :^ ...
I immediately went out and saw • my wlf»
nursing Kemlngton. and I told my.wlte: ''Will
you please go in your room. ¦ It Is my husi
ness to nurse him." Then my wife said: "No,
lam not'toing to my room. I am going to
nurse him." In the meantime the boy had
broight the cosrnac. My wife tock it. and.
pushing me' away, went toward Remington to
give. him the cognac. 1 pushed her aside, and
The Countess as a Nurse.
lowed him to. sleep x>n board, my wife mak
ing up Ms bed In the main saloon.' She took
a blanket off her own bed to use, and seeing
this I took the blanket from her, but she got
It again and put it on Remington's bed. Th?
next morning about 6 o'clock I heard my .wife
in the salocn. calling: to the boy: '¦Boy*. Boy!
Dring quick some cognac! Mr. Remington Is
fali'ting'."
T|-^y UDOLPH, COUNT FESTETICS
|_0J DE TOLNA. is in truculent mbo'd;
jf^T md in defense of his own has as-
the honor of his wife, Ella.
Countess Festetics de Tolna. So
ciety, the maids and matrons thereof, let
fall a word of pity as Countess Festetics'
story of all the wrongs, all the cruelties
she had suffered at the hands of her ti
tled husband was unfolded before them
while she proceeded to prosecute her case
in the divorce, court. . Now, society ex
pectantly nwaits the court's decision, for
Count Festetics, in a deposition signed by
him under oath, charges that it was his
wife's unseemly conduct with, a British
naval officer that led to the parting cf
their ways. .j,-;; ¦".'•¦ .. ... . . . -.
Count Festetics in his deposition draws,
to say the least, an interesting pen pic
ture of one Remington of Her. Majesty's
ship Immortalite, revived from a "faint-:
ing spell" by a smash on the skull, with
a whisky bottle, leaping from a downy
couch provided, he avers, by "Countess
Festetics, with ' coverlets fronr her own
bed, then over the side of the Tolna into
the gig and away from the wrath of the
outraged Austrian : nobleman— the depo
nent. •? This "big flirtation" is described
in detail: others are casually referred to.
And again Count Festetics makes de
fense of his "cruelty" in keeping-.his. wife
aboard the Tolna by charging her par
ents with willful breach of contract; One
million francs was to have been his from
the Haggin coffers in return for the value
cf his heart and hand,, he alleges. >He
took the offer in good faith. He- married
Miss Haggin at New . York City many
years ago. He Is still without that million
francs, and because poverty kept him
afloat, because it awakened him from his
dream of villas and impelled him to turn a
deaf ear to' his wife's'. importunities and
pleadings for a merry life' ashore, he sees
no reason why it should furnish her a
ground for divorce. And his poverty. This
he declares is due to his lavish expendi
tures upon his wife and'her lavish expen
ditures upon herself. Her action for di
vorce, he concludes, is based upon the
froth of discontent, born without cause
or reason. Her separation from him was
her, own fault, he charges. Hence he asks
that a decree of divorce be denied her;
that even though apart she will hence
forth be known, as In the past, as his
wife. ' .
The Count's Accusations.
The Count's story, as told In his deposi
tion, is as follows: f
During our stay at Singapore the plaintiff ob
jected to staying, any longrer on the . yacht
Tolna after a quarrel that we had' about -a
big flirtation that my wife had with a man
named Remington of, the English man-of-war
Immortalite. My wife .would give no reason
for her objection. to staying any lonicer on the
yacht Tolna except that she was tired of liv
ing Gn board of a yacht. •
At '¦' Singapore sh« aeked me to dlapoae of
the yacht ¦. and live on, land; at any -big city
that 'she liked." ThU was after our .trouble
with Remington on . board of the ; Tolna. 'and
particularly. when he Btayed over night on. the
Tolca at the eereclal request of my .wife, al
though I objected/ and told Remington thai
I;would have him taken to hlR ship 'in one of
the i Tolna'? boats, lie said he preferred to
eleep on board, the Tolna, and upon the fur
ther urging ; of my wife and her , objection. M
Remington leaving-, I at last yielded' and al-
El LA, COUNTESS FESTETICS; WHOSE; 3ENSATIONAL : SUIT FOR DIVORCE FROM THE COUNT HAS CALLED
FORTH A DEPOSITION :IN WHICH HE SAYS ,T*HE COUNTESS WAS A FLIRT, AND THAT HER DOWRY OF
5,000,000 FRANCS IS STLLL^ DUE. ¦'>''•' '."'"'. ]
BLOEMFONTEIN, Orange River Colo
ny,'Dec. 26. — There arc renewed but un
confirmed rumors here that General De
wet, President Steyn and General Has
broek have had a conference and decided
to offer to surrender, providing the colo
nial rebels are not Dunished and the
leaders, including themselves, are not
deported. . ¦ - '
Mor» Rumors of Surrender.
WINNIPEG^ Manitoba, Dec. 27.—Thou
sands of citizens stood :n the chilly blasts
two hours to-day awaiting the arrival of
soldiers from South Africa. The welcome
at the railroad station was most enthusi
astic. An Immense procession was formed
to Holy Trinity Church, where Arch
bishop Machray conducted services.
Luncheon followed at the drill hall, dur
ing which the Mayor, Sir Charles Tup
per, Hon. Hugh John Macdonald, Chief
Justice Killam and. others delivered ad
dresses. To-night a siand ball and con
cert will be held.
Returning Troops Welcomed.
In the letter alluded to the president of
the' Senate of The Netherlands
approval of the "noble purpose" of Mr.
Kruger in "attempting to put a stop to
the unjust war. forced upon him in such
a barbarous manner" and expressed the
hope that "it -will -result in the indepen
dence of the republics being assured for
ever."
¦ THKHAGKE, Deb. 2.\— On the reassem
bling cf the Senate tu-day Senator Ren
gers disclaimed, in belialf of the' House,
all . responsibility for \ the letter of tho
president of the Senate, to Air. Kruger
December 7. In so doing the Senator
pointed out that the Senate merely au
thorized the President to express sym
pathy with Mr. Kruyer. ..
Letter to Kruger.
Senate Disclaims Responsibility fov
NETHERLANDS SACKS' DOWN.
"Yesterday 200 Boers attacked a small
police post near Boksdurp. The police gal
lantly drove them off before reinforce
ments from Johannesburg arrived. The
Boers damaged the rr.inin.s: machinery Sn
the neighboi hood. The Boers attacked
Utrecht at 2 o'clock this morning and
were driven off. The Boers held up a
train three miles west, of Pan and weie
driven off. The eastern force cf Boers in
Cape Colony 'was headed yesterday and
driven in .he direction of Venterstad. The
western force is still being driven norih
through Streydenburjj."
The following dispatch from General
Kitchene? was received from Pretoria
under to-day (Thursday) date:
"The Boers' eastern column In Cape
Colony is apparently hraded by our troop?
about Reitport Spruit.' The Boers' west
ern column is reported to have gone north
in two portions, one toward Prieska and
the other through Streydenburg. They ai.j
being followed up."
neighborhood, of Leuwkop. Dewet hopt?fr
to break through and go south again. '
"PRETORIA, Dee. 26.-Knox, with Bar
ber. Pllcher and Whit*. In engaged with
Dewet'a force, holding a no«iiw«» «i» ' »1*»
LONDON. Dec. 27.— The following- din
patch has been receive J from Lord Kitch
ener:
British Repulse.
Tells of Numerous Attacks Which
NEWCASTLE, Natal, Dec. 27.— The
Boers celebrated Christmas In Stander
ton and Ingogo by more or less deter
mined attacks upon every British gar
rison along the lines of communication.
These, however, were in all cases success
fully repulsed. At Utrecht the Boer com
mandant sent in a demand for whisky,
cigars and Christmas luxuries, failing
which he threatened to attack the town.
His demand was Ignored, and the Boers
attacked Utrecht in force on Christmas
morning. They were repulsed with loss,
the British casualties being slight
KiTCKKITERr REPORTS RAIDS.
of Communication Attacked.
Every British Garrison Along: Line3
BOERS ACTIVE ON CHRISTMAS
CAPE TOWN, Dec. 27.-Martial law has
been proclaimed in the districts of Beau
fort "West and Carnarvon.
The Evening Standard to-day says it
understands that the squadron of yeo
manry which, as announced in a dispatch
from Cape Town yesterday, was entrap
ped and captured by the Boers, whom
they were following from BreStstown, was
released after the men had been relieved
of their horses and other equipment. Ten
of the yeomanry, the paper adds, were
wounded.
A dispatch from Vryberg, dated Decem
ber K*. says that Boers In considerable
numbers were making a movement west
ward. They had 150 wagons. The dis
patches suggest that they were trekking
to Damaraland, although the Beers them
selves denied any such intention.
Queen Victoria, it is said, has approved
the proposal to institute a new order of
knichthood to reward officers who have
served In South Africa. The order will
proiiablr be called the Star of Africa.
It Is questionable whether Lord Kitche
ner's proclamation will have much effect
until Dewet has been captured. The Boers
are likely to regard it as a sign of weak
ness and to have a wholesome dread of
vengeance if they surrender. The proc
lamation is approved, by - the party at
home that favors conciliatory terms to
the Boers as a step In the right direction.
Lord Kitchener reports an astonishing
number of attacks by Boers upon British
detachments and garrisons, each of
which, according to his official dispatches,
was repulsed. All Northern Cape Colony
appears to be aflame.
Colonel Grenfell continues in touch with
Kruitzinger's commando of 700 men. who
are carrying on* the British prisoner?.
Kruitzir.ger has abandoned his Maxims
and carts. An attempt of the Ninth Lan
cers to turn Kruitzinger's flank at Plais
t^rheuvel on December 24 resulted in eight
casualties among the Lancers, including
Lord Frederick Blackwood, who wa3
wounded.
LONDON. Dec. Zs 3 a. m.— The lat
est dispatches from South Africa
show that Lord Kitchener has
succeeded in holding the Boers 'n
check. But he has not yet been
successful in expelling them from Cape
Colony, while different commandos con
tinue to display astonishing activity over
an immensely wide field.
COLONEL SIR FRANCIS W. GRENFELL. WHOSE FORCE HAS THUS
FAR FAILED TO RESCUE BRITISH PRISONERS IN THE HANDS OF
KRLITZINGERS BOER. COMMANDO.
voe Vremya's Vladivostok correspondent
H<lYirrce to the storv that the Russian
Government is about to take over the
Manchurian railroads. He eays Comman
der Koll«r has left Vladivostok to for
mally oVlirt-r th<* roads to- the Govern
ment'* r«»j»resfntJttiv«!. The correspond
• :;x al!»i> eayr, ihf Chluese caused Io«?ae.^
«irri(tuntIiiK t<» only 4.<>00.000 rubles.
The arrival of larg«« or small bodies of
»-<j!tJi«TK from China jh announced almost
dtiiy from soutijern ports.
GOVERNMENT WILL CONTROL.
Transfer of MaTichurian Railways
About to Be Made.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 27.— The No-
PARIS. Dec. rr.— In the Chamber of Dep
uties to-flay Marcel Sembat, Radical So
cialist, representing one of the districts
of the Seine, called attention to the re
ports of cruelties on the part of the Euro
pean troops in China. He said the French
f olditrs were no freer from reproach than
the Germans and Russians. They . had
committed similar atrocities. He also
protested against pillage, which, he as
j-crted, had been carried on systematic
ally, and he accused the missionaries of
j.articipating therein.
Tho Minister of Marine. M. de Lanes
fan, replied that the Government had or
<'ort>d an inquiry, and would severely pun
>h all the guilty parties, but as a con-
he was' able to say that the
French eoldiers had been much less bar
barous than those of other nations. The
Government, the Minister continued, had
• -rderod all the articles sent by General
Prey to be returned to China and restored
to the Chinese Government. M. de Lanes,
s-an concluded with the expression of hope
th&c the reprehensible acts- committed
•would not he renewed. -
PILLAGERS TO BE PUNISHED.
JFrench Government Orders an In
quiry Into Its Soldiers' Actions.
PEKING. Dec. 27.— LI Hung Chang
and Prince Ching. the Chinese
Commissioners, have heard from
the Emperor, Kwang Su. Prince
Chine called on LI Hung for
consultation, remaining more than an
hour. The court objects strenuously to
redurir.ir the fcrts? and ateo to allowing
permanent.] legation guard?, which, it
(*OT5 to believe, could be maoe sufficient
ly iRrcf at any lime it was desired to
ir-r.aee the court itself.
After thf r.-,nf*»rcnc<? it was decided to
hold further communication with the
*<-mt before seoln? the Ministers.
BRITISH SOLDIERS MURDERED.
Pound E;ad Outside the "Temple of
Heaven" in Peking.
PEKING. Dec. Z.7.— The British have in- j
creasM (hr-ir garrison at Yangtsung by]
a hundred rcr-n, with horses and three I
i
cans. A flying rolumn of itOO cavalry will J
rfju 1 - Cfce country Between Tientsin and!
Tsjigtsun iji obedionce to Field Marshal
» on Waldersecs orders to be on the alert,
In view of the French report of an en
paVrmcrt with £500 Chinese troops. Col
onel TuIIock's rrpiment will remain to de- j
i-troy the town he recently held. This ac-J
tion is taken owing to the fact that it !
has been discovered that a number of
Hoxts unquestionably made that their
headquarters.
Th*> British authorities say they do not
rxpect serious trouble from the Boxers,
mainiy because they, lack arms. Fortu
nately, tho Chinese Government feared to i
trust them with arms, lest a rebellion
eupalnst the dynasty be undertaken. Otl»
? rwise the danp<?r ::.._'¦. have boen so-
British soldiers have been found dead
outside the "Temple of Heaven" with bul
lets in their heads. The murders are be-.
Sieved t<» hav» been committed by Chi- :
.¦<-¦¦>¦.¦" " ,
resr-. „
"A detachment of the Sixth United States
Cavalry. Ninth Infantry and Fifth Artil
lery wfUl leave to-rnorrow to investigate
the reported burning of native Christians
by Boxers, as reported by the Rev. Mr.
Kelly, the Presbyterian missionary. The
expedition will be commanded by Lieuten
ant Colonel Theodore Wint of the Sixth
Cavalry.
TIENTSIN*. D'c. 37.— A force of 1600
British troops, with two guna and a
Maxim, ha* pone to Yangtsun to attack
the Boxers in the vicinity and protect the
i railroad. The Germans and Japanese are
clearing the river of pirates from Taku to
Li Hung Chang and Prince Ching Will
Withhold the Answer Pending
Further Conference.
Opposes Permanent Lega
tion Guards and Re
duction oi Forts.
INVADERS ATTACK
AT MANY POINTS
IN CAPE COLONY
Ninth Lancers Lose Eight Men in an
Attempt to Effect the Rescue of
British Prisoners From Boers
Objects to Certain
Demands in Joint
Note,
REPLIES TO
THE POWERS
BOSTON, Dec. 27.— The Boston police
have evidence to indicate that "Pat
Crowe" and the other man who is wanted
on a charge of kidnaping young Cudahy
are on the Watten Hner Michigan bounl
for Liverpool and a ~able containing that
information has been sent to the Scotland
Yard detectives, who will be on the Liv
erpool docks when the steamer arrives.
Just before the Michigan sailed' last
Saturday two men, who acted so suspi
ciously as to attract attention and who
answered to the dowrijttions of ¦ Crowe
and the supposed kltinaper, boarded the
steamer with a large amount of baggage.
The steamer sailed In a short time, but
not before word of the presence of '.he
stranger? had been tent to police'head
quarters.
OMAHA, Dec. 27.— All hope of 'captur- j
Ing Pat Crowe in this vicinity has bean
abandoned and. the police and special .If:- :
tectives on the caso have now settled
down to a systematic search for evidence
from the clews in their possession. These
clews are few, but mar load to important
discoveries. The offlctis , arcgoins ov*r
the entire ground covered by the bandits
on Tuesday and Wednesday nights of last
week in the hope thai they will find at
least two articles of evidence— the gaso
line stove, on which the outlaws boiled
, their coffee in . the • Grr.ver-street cottage
and the buggy used by them at various
stages of the case. ,
"Up to date we have followed all clew*
which promised a solution of the mys
tery," said Chief Donahue to-night, "and
have found that they Jed : to nothing and
we are now ready/ to ¦ yo 'over the ground
again, this time giving attention to more
minute details of the matter." '
Logically St. Joseph, the police think, is
the last city in the Middle West that Pat
Crowe would' visit at •such a time as this.-
So far as the police know Crowe has no
relatives in or near St. Joseph, but it Is
well known that he has friends there.
One development in theca3e is the. fact
that the man who rented the cottage on
Grover street gave the name of J.D, Con
nor. Crowe has a brother-in-law named
J.'-F:, Connor and these working' on the
matter are more inclined to believe, ; in
view of this fact, that Crowe rented 'tha
house.
DES MOINES, ;, Dec, 27.— Detective
Shaughnessy of Omaha arrived in the city
this morning looking for traces of Pat
Crowe, who occupied the, residence at lol'.j
East" Lyon street here for; some time.
Crowe is said to have been intimate with
Charles Price, who was shot. dead while
trying to; nob a store lnQuincy, 111., a
year .ago. The -detective believes that
Mrs. . Price, widow of the' dead robber,
will locate Crowe. He does not credit the
report x that Crowe is In J&ll at Laramle,
for he was seen in Omaha only a few days
before the abduction!
BOSTON SLEUTHS HAVE CLEW.
Believe Crowe Is on an Atlantic Liner
En Route to England.
CHICAGO. Dec. 27.— Di?gulsod as a .
woman. Pat Crowe, the notorious crim- '
inal, who is being sought by the police all ;
over the United States oa the charge that j
he was the kidnaper of Eddie Cudahy at '
Omaha, has been seen in Chiragro within
the last few days and rasy rti'l be hld!r.g
hftre, according to statements made to- !
night by Detective Sergeant James Storen j
of the Chicago poiii-e. who ,has arrested;
Crowe a number of times- Jn the past. •
With a view to discovering the fugitive's !
hiding place, a search warrant of several '•
houses in Sixty-third street, near Stewait 1
avenue, has b<»en made by Storen, acting j
on Information' that Crowe had been ree- \
ognized on that street on Christmas day.
In pursuing his quest the sergeant stum- |
bled upon evidence which he con- !
vlnced him that Crowe had been in Chi- !
cago recently, and that in the Rulse of a
woman, clothed in a black robe and heav- i
lly veiled, the suspect went abroad with j
impunity in the streets of Englewood, the i
suburb where he once was a resident and j
is well known to many people. . j
Storcn claim? to have traced Crowe to a J
room where h«i was masquerading as a J
young- widow in mourning, but that Crowe j
received warning from his friends that the
police were on nls trail and escaped before
a capture could be effected.
"I found ample evidence in the room
that its occupant was none other than
Crowe," said Sergeant . Storen .to-night.
"Whether he ls--'no w in ¦ Chicago 'I cannot
say. In Englewood.jhdwevcr, he'Ray-irT
fluentiai friends, .who in all probability
have found him a' hiding place."
¦
Fugitive Passes as a Young Widow;
and Finds a Hidiag P'a:e
Amone Fri:nds
Dodges a Detective Who
" Traces Him to His
Quarters.
Omatia Spect Is
Nearly Captured
at Chicago. \$
PAT CROWE
MASQUERADING
AS A WOMAN
SAX FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX— XO. 28.
Austrian Nobleman Assails the Honor of. His American
Wife—Makes Claim That He Alone Was Sinned Against
and Demands That Her Prayer for Divorce Be Denied
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
ANCHORING
WAR JUNKS IN
THE CHANNEL
SHANGHAI, Dec 27. —
Hany Chinese -war junks
laden "with stone have been
anchored off Wusung, pre
sumably to block the channel
in case of an emereencv.MRS. CORNELIUS VANDERBILT JR.,- WHOSE LIST OF INVITATIONS
TO A NEXT CENTURY DINNER DANCE AT SHERRY'S CUTS DOWN
THE "400" TO THE "100."
Stops the Cough
And wonts off the Cold. Laxative Bromo-
Qulnlne Tablets cure a • cold in one day. Vq
Cure. No ray, -Price IS cents. . <j .
FIRST BLOW STRUCK
IN STREET CAB STWSE
New Superintendent of the Scranton
Railway Attacked by a
',-¦_ Mob.
¦ SCRANTOy. Dec. 27.-The first blow
struck In the streetcar men's strike waT
received this evening by William PattS-
Bon. the new superintendent of the Scran
ton Railway Company.' Teamsters blocked
the car he was running and breaker hov«
and street urchins ¦ assaulted It wlOfno
tatoes.. When the trolley car reached
strike, headquarters the strikers boarded
it and attempted to take oft the cr?i
Some one pulled Superintendent Patterson
frora the car and he was struck ; on the
head with a.nst or club that knocked off
his n hat and caused him to reel Two
strikers. Edward and Joseph ilenleX"
brothers, rushed the superintendent into
a saloon, with great difficulty protecting
hi? f H r °V he C }", OWd - J he other strike"
helped .the i police^ officers disperse the
crowd and also helped the company offi
cials to take tho- stalled carao the bar^T
SAN JUAN". Porto "FUco, Dec. 27.— Tho
New York and . Porto Kico Steamship
Company's steamship Arkadia sailed
from Ponce yesterdav to New Orleans
having on board 400 Porto Rl cans, 65 per
cent of whom were ¦women and children
destined • for Hawaii.
Many Porto Bicans Take Passage for
the Islands.
GOING TO HAWAII.
BALTIMORE. Dec. 27.-The effect of
the embarrassment of the Old Town
Bank, for which a receiver -was appointed
yesterday, was felt in all the savings
banks in the city to-day. Throngs of de
positors were lined up before the doors.
The demands in all cases were promptly
complied with. By noon the crowds that
had surrounded the banks in the early
morning hours had been accommodated
and left, and thereafter the banks took
on apparently their everyday business ap
pearance.
Small Runs on Baltimore Institutions
Due to a Failure.
DEPOSITORS FRIGHTENED.
peror a Letter Stolen From- J -
Paris Embassay.
PARIS. Dec. 27.-Drt-.yfus has, written to
the Premier, M. Waldeck-Rouseeau. class
ing as another falsehood the recent state
ment of M. Henri Roohefort -in the In
translgcant that he (Dreyfus) had sent to
Empferor William of Germany, in 1894, a
letter stolen from Ihe German- embassv
at Paris, an* which, annotated by the
Emperor, constituted formal proof of the
crime "for which I . have been twice un
justly condemned," and adding: :¦. y
"JVly Innocence is absolute and legal
recognition of this - Innocence . by "- a re
vision I will seek to ray last breath/ I am
not the author of* the bordereau annotated
by the Emperor,' which Is a forgery nor
of the original, authentic bordereau writ
ten by Esterhazy to sive Henry. Alt the
principals of my iniquitous condemnation
are still alive. I am not despoiled of all
my rishts* I still retain that right of
every man to defend his honor and have
the truth proclaimed: I therefore have
the right to ask you to order an Inquiry "
Colonel Picquart has written to M. /Wal
deck-Rousseau, warmly protesting against
the inclusion of himself, in the amnesty
bill..- He says he does not wish to owe his
rehabilitation to such a measure, and In
dignantly repudiates the ". rumors that
compensation will' be offered to him now
lhat he has been amnestied. /He declares
that In order to demonstrate the falseness
of such stories he renounces his T appeal
to the State ' Council against the ! decree '
placing him on the retired list, thus dis
posing of the accusation that he. is seek
ing advancement or decoration. : "- .'".. -;
Denies That He Sent to German Em-
DREYFUS ASKS FOR
ANOTHER INVESTIGATION
He did not think fighting as bad as foot
ball. There are many men knocked out
on the football field and very few In
Cadet E. K. Sterling of Michigan said
that after. the fight with Keller. Booz waa
left '¦ much alone. One. night the witness
and Cadet Larkin. since dismissed for de
ficiency, were told that' Cadet Breth was
lying,; in a tent near by. They went there
and brought. him to his own tent. He was
In: a nervous . condition and . every muscle
In : his body -seemed, to be; twitching: He
was rubbed. with, alcohol ,or witch hazel
and he went, to sleep. The .witness did not
knowj whether, Breth. went' to the hospital
¦ in conseauence. but; heTdld' not co. thai
Q._r>o you know of any unfair fights having
taken place? I A. — We thought the bout between
Mr. Dean of my class and Mr. Mumma was Un
fair. The' latter was too tall,' and while Dean
could not ' win Mumma " could not ' make him
stop, and the fight was stopped ¦ in the ninth
round. . .¦- _"."•.-
Cadet Lynch seemed to be quite an
authority on pugilism, and explained how
matches were 'made and fights arranged.
When he was a fourth-class man he was
selected to fight, but as the man against
him was about his height and weight he
did not care. \
Witness made a lengthy statement
about the general condition of the course
of study in the academy and approved of
it, speaking of It in the highest terms.
Captain A. L. Lynch of New said
fourth-class men were -privileged to criti
cize upper class men at the messhall ta
ble and could say things inJthe mess ball
which "if said at any other place about
an upper class man might result In the
latter's smashing the other's head before
morning."
Q.— Smash his bead? A.— I mean he would
call him out and. fight him.
He seemed to roe to be a nice youngr man,
but iri may say bo. I think there was not
much good materlai In him out of which to
makA a rood army officer.
land Falls Hotel, where both were stay
ing. Mrs.. Booz was also there. The wit
ness said: .
I never heard a word from young Booz. whom
I met as to his treatment at the academy, and
If We parents were displeased with the treat
ment of their son at the military po«t they did
not say anything In my hearing- to such effect.
"When asked what was his impression of
young Booz the witness replied:
After considerable difficulty the com
batants were separated and disarmed and
the anarchists were expelled. This seemed
to settle the difficulty and the police with
drew. ¦ As Chief Brown was making his
way along a lonely street he heard a shot
and a bullet whistled by his head. This
seemed a signal for a fusillade from dif
ferent directions, and the Chief started to
run, at the fan.e time trying to open his
coat to get hia own revolver. However
two bullets struck him, and as he fell a
third found lodgment In his body. In the
excitement after the first shot three men
had appeared, the Chief recognizing them
all. When they saw him fall the men ran
away. Chief became unconscious and
for an hour lay .where he had fallen in the
snow, exposed to bitter cold. At the end
of that time a passerby saw him and the
Chief was taken to his home, where he
recovered consciousness and was able to
tell who his aaailants were. The police
then put Otto Bernaccio and Luigl Sassl
under arrest. Chief Brown identified both.
Doctors express doubt as to his recovery.
The row at tho ball occurred about mid
night, when several persons who were
known to be anarchists appeared at the
hall. Fists, clubs and revolvers were
used and the police were summoned to put
a stop to the disturbance.
BARRE, Vt., Dec. 27.— After quelling a'
disturbance that had arisen at a Socialist
ball Chief of Police Brown was shot as
he was leaving the hall and probably
mortally wounded. Otto Bernaccio and
Luigi Sassi have been arrested and identi
fied by the Chief as being connected with
the attempted assassination. : ".*. '
Mortally Wounded After
Quelling a Socialist
Disturbance.
POLICE CHIEF
IS SHOT DOWN
Mrs. Miller left Lawrence early to-day
on the eastbound train, presumably for
New York. Before leaving she announced
lhat she would bring suit for possession
of the boy.
INDIANAPOLIS. Dec 27.— Sydney Mlll
.er. the seven-year-old , son of Samuel D.
Miller, and grandson of former United
States Attorney General W. H. H. Miller,
who was kidnaped by his mother yester
day evening, was recovered this morning.
Mrs. Miller and the- child were found at
I^awrence about 3 o'clock, asleep In a
houso where they had obtained lodging.
Mrs. Miller cave up the child and was
not placed under arrest.
Mrs. Miller came here from her home
In New York and flopped at the Denlson
Hotel. Ky arrangement with 'her hus
band, who has had the custody of tho
chili since their separation last summer,
Mrs Milltr was allowed to see the boy
once a day. Yesterday afternoon the child
was ttken to the hctel by his governess.
Mrs. Miller called a carriage. The gov
erness objected to having the boy leave
her side, as the had been warned that an
attempt to kidnap him might be made.
Mrs. Miller said nhe was only going out
for a drive, but the girl insisted on going
along. The carriage was ordered to be
driven to the Union station. The gov
erness sprang out and telephoned the
father of the child to come to the sta
tion. The detectives and other searchers*
were unable to find any trace of the cab
man, George Z. Senour, until early this
morning, wnen he was found at his home.
He said he was ordered to drive to the
Massachusetts avenue station, after going
to the Union station. At Massachusetts
avenue Mrs./Miller seemed to change her
mind and ordered him to go on to Bright
wood. At this 6tatlon It was ascertained
that the train which Mrs. Miller had
counted on taking had gone. Senour left
her at Twenty-fifth street, contracting
with a liveryman to take her to Law
rence. The clew furnished by Senour en
abled the officers to trace the woman.
KIDNAPED BOY
IS RECOVERED
and Returned to His
Father. .
Little Sydney Miller Found
LONDON, Dec. 27.— The War Office
has begun the promised reform of
the army in a sensational man
ner. It has demanded the resig
nation of Major General Sir Hen
ry Colville. commanding an infantry bri
gade at Gibraltar and recently command-
Ing the Ninth division of the South Afri
ca field force. General Colville refuses to
resign and is now on his way to England.
The news Is all the more startling as the
question of General Colville's responsibil
ity for the yeomanry disaster at Lindsay
last May was fully investigated by the
authorities when General Colville returned
lrom South Africa last summer. After the
inquirv General Colvillo was reinstated to
his command at Gibraltar in September
last. The attitude of tire War Office in
dicates that a new lerime in Pall Mall
will reverse the decisions of Lord Lans
dov:ne and Lord Wolseley in regard to
some of the recent commanders in South
A f rfc*L * ' * '
" General Colville, lika General Methuen.
has always been a great social person
age in London and a prominent club man.
He has had a most distinguished mill
tarv career, has been repeatedly men
tioned in dispatches and is familiarly
known as "OdgrerB." He Is also a well
known author and on tne occasion of his
marriage created a itir by going on his
honeymoon in a ballocn.
The Times, dealing editorially with the
One of the mos.t serious fires which have
occurred in the east end of London dur
ing the last ten years broke out to-day
at the East India docks. Five Immense
pheds filled with goods, including a,.thou-t
Hand bales of hemp and quantities of jute,
were consumed. The shipping In the neigh
borhood and other warehouses were saved
only by the utmost exertions of the fire
men.
Lord' William Bcresford, who has been
Buffering from peritonitis, passed a very
bad night and much anxiety is felt. Later
in the day it was announced that Lord
Beresford had rallied slightly since this
morning, but that his condition was very
grave.
Fire in East London.
announcement that the War Office has
called for the resignation of Sir Henry
Coiville, says: "It is regrettable that Mr.
Broderick has felt constrained to reverse
the judgment of Lord Lansdowne. He
may have unanswerable reasons, but their
force will have to be fully proved in order
to justify his refusal to be bound by the
action of his predecessors. V -
The Daily Chronicle comments less se
verely, but in a similar tone. The other
papers make no reference editorially to
the matter, although the incident has
made a sen.satlon. It is understood that
General Coiville will demand trial by
rourt-marllal. -
Lord Beresford's Condition.
made a fourth class man do tie" ealllnS
exercise about 300 or 400 time's at onfseV
night. He never heard of a strain™*.,*
being used In the academy stra «Jacket
night and the witness saw him 1W one
rubbing his hands. Breth wa2 £i th K men
all over. He had never hear?R^? bUng
Plain, except that he saKhaa b,^°?n
before he came to the academv Th«
ness had been nazed himself j^t S eSJi
not say that he was cruelly treJ!?* »
said "hazing" or "bracing*' lav.1^ 9
an erect carriage. v ' ttl - lnB save cadets
Cadet A. F. Brewster of Wisconsin said
try and advised him to seJ &r it another
president of our cto«. i If^ %X d S^f: * h l
-rain? 1 ?;?. %,* Hif'p^
n^nfs! d - X ""^^ff&n &5 tSK
Th? following San Franciscans are reg
istered at the hotels: Dr. G. G. Harrison
at the Gilsey: D. A. Huls© at th© ICor
rnandle: XV. F. Newell at the Bartholdi-
A. Chesebrough. Misses Hecht. Mrs M
H. Hecht at the Holland; Mrs 6 L
Lansing at the Everett; J. C. Klttle'ro^i
Currier & Bunker, who did business as
stock brokers at 21 Park row, made an
assignment to-day for the benefit -of cred
itors to William H. Bonynge. The senior
member of the firm, Israel L. Currier,
was a member of the Consolidated Ex
change. N'o statement has been made of
the assets or liabilities.
Californians in New York.
H. A. Seymour of this city filed to-day
a petition in bankruptcy. Individually and
as a member of the former brokerage firm
of Seymour. Johnson & Co., with liabili
ties of $688,630: assets $750,655.
The United States torpedo boat Erics
son sailed from Hampton Roads to-day.
She will be one of the torpedo fleet which,
accompanied by the battleship Alabama,
will shortly Ball to Join the North Atlan
tic squadron on Its annual winter cruise
In the tropics. The flagship Kearsarge
and the Massachusetts sailed from Hamp
ton Roads Saturday for Pensacola and the
rendezvous will be made somewhere In
the Gulf.
Joseph Pulitzer Returns.
Joseph Pulitzer, proprietor of the New
York World, and A. C. Harmsworth, pro
prietor of the London Dally Mail, were
passengers on board the steamship Teu
tonic, which arrived here to-day from
Liverpool.
Physician's Mysterious Death.
Dr. Ulysses Higgins Brown, an oculist
of Syracuse, N. Y.. was found dead to
day in an areaway in West Forty-fifth
street. An autopsy, which was held at
the Morgue, showed that Dr. Brown's
lungs were congested and . the liver en
larged. ' Dr. Brown complained of ill
health before he left Syracuse, telling his
friends lhat he expected to die suddenly,
as his father did. Mrs. Brown concurred
in the opinion that the death of her hus
band was due to natural causes. He had
been calling on a friend near where he
was found dead.
Two Failures Becordsd.
There are quite a number of eligible
men who can scarcely be counted in the
list.
Some of the people are in mourning and
others are abroad. This is, with a few
changes and additions, the Wilson-Van
derbilt list. The William K. Vanderbilts
are admitted. But the Westchester hunt
ing set. headed by the Oliver Harriman
Jrs. and the Vanderbilt set, with all the
family connections, and most of the Bur
dens, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Payne Whit
ney, etc., are not included.
Cruise of the Ericsson.
ard Cuttlnr.
Mr. and Mrs. P. Law
rence. ¦
Mr. and Mrs. C. Mar
shall.
Mra. James P. Kerno
chan.
Mr. and Mrs. James L.
Kernochan.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Bar
bey.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Pendleton,
Mr. and Mrs. Starr
Miller.
Mr. and Mrs. W. Bay-
Mr. and Mrs. William
Eustls. -
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Hitchcock.
Center Hitchcock.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Hitchcock Jr..
Mr. and Mrs. F. Bene
dict.
The Misses Atherton
Bli~ht.
Mr. and Mrs. Grand
d'Hautevllle.
Mr. and Mrs. Duncan
Cryder.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— New York's
swell set, first limited by the late
."Ward McAllister to the famous
"400" and pruned later by an
other social autocrat to "150,"
has been cut down to a poor "100." Mrs.
Cornelius Vanderbilt Jr.'s taper hand is
the one that did the work, taking occasion
in issuing invitations to a dinner dance at
Sherry's for January 4 to limit her guests
to that number. This Is taken by some
to mean that Fhe does not consider the
others In it. while some are of the opinion
that the lady is merely ventlnp her spite
on the other Vanderbilts, who did not re
ceive her with open arms on the occasion
of her marriage. She makes one excep
tion however, in favor of Mrs. V/illle K.
Vanderbilt, California's contribution to
the family. Here is the list of the "100":
Mrs. Astor.
Mr. and Mrs. John .Ja
cob Astor.
Mr. and Mrs. Orrae
Wilson.
Mrs. Oeden Goelet.
Miss May Goelet.
Mr. ' and Mrs. R. . T.
Wilson.
J. J. Van Alen.
Hie Misses Van Alen,
Mr. and Mrs. Oliver H.
P. Belmont,
Mr. and Mrs. William
K. Vanderbilt Jr.,;
Mr. and Mrs. Hermann
Oelrlchs.
Mr. and Mrs. Stuyves-;
ant Fish. - •
J. Roosvelt Roosevelt,
Miss Roosevelt,
Mr. and Mrs. Elbrldge
T. Gerry.
The Misses Gerry,
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
* Howard.
Mr. and Mrs. J. ¦ Law
rence Van 'Alen,
The Misses Morton.
Mr. and Mrs. Levl P.
Morton.
Mr. and Mrs. Ogden
Mills.
The Misses Mills.
Mrs. Maturln LJvins
ston.
Mrs. Adolph I>aden
burs.
Mrs. Duncan Elliott.
Mr. and Mrs. George
B. de Forest,
The Misses Hewitt,
General and Mrs. L».
Bryce,
The Misses Bryce,
Mr. and Mrs. A. Trim
ble,
Mr. and Mrs. J. F.
•Tarns.
Co!, and Mrs. W. Jay,
Miss Jay.
Mr. and 'Mrs. E. J.
Berwind.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Wells,
Miss Wells.
Mr. and Mr*. S. Taller.
Mr. and Mrs. George
Peabody Wetmore,
The Misses Wetmore,
Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Lawrence,
Mr. and Mrs. S. Smith.
Mr. and Mrs. C.
Mackay.
Mr. and Mrs. W. Duer,
Mrs. Richard Irvln,
Mr. and Mrs. C. Albert
Stevens,
Mr. and Mrs. Kgerton
Wlnthrop. -
Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Wltherbee.
Mr. and Mrs. Rhine
lander Stewart,
Mr. and Mrs. J. R.
Drexel.
Miss de Forest.
Mr. and Mrs. F. Keene.
Mr. and Mrs: Fulton
Cuttins,
¦ Mrs. Brockholst Cut
tins,
Mr. and Mrs. Town
send Burden.
The Misses Burden,
Mr. and Mrs. C. Oliver
Iselln,
The Misses Iselln.
Colonel and Mrs. De
¦lancey Kane. .
Mr. Ineltn Kane. I
Mr. and Mrs. Adrian
Isellri Jr..
Miss Iselln.
Jlr. and Mrs. A.
.'Kemp,
Mrs. Frederick Nell
¦ Miss* Kathleen Nell
son,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Stlck
i ne-y,
Mr. and .Mrs. H.
Bishcr.
Miss Bishop,
Mr. and Mrs. W. Reid.
Mr. and Mrs. B.
Welles.
Mr. and Mrs. Ellsha
Dyer Jr..
Miss Swan,
Mr. and Mrs. C.
Bishop,
Mrs. Cooper He/wett,
Mrs. Burke Rocht,
Mr. and Mrs. A. Hew
: ltt.
Mr. and Mrs. Herbert
j Satterlee.
i The. Misses Cryder,
Mr. and Mrs. I*. Nor
rie.
The Mlsse3 Barbey.
Mr. and Mrs. Mc-
Creery,
Mr. and Mrs. G. Scott,
Miss Scott.
Mr. and - Mrs. Butler
Duncan Jr..
Mr. and Mrs. N. Mor
ris.
Mr. and Mrs. S. White,
Mr. and Mrs. Stanley
Mortimer.
Mr. and Mrs. JM.
¦ Brooks,
Miss Brooks,
Mr. and Mrs. John
LJvermore.
Mr. and Mrs. L*. Cat
ton.
Mr. and Mrs. L>.
Kountze.
Miss Kountze.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Pler
pont Morgan,
Miss Morzan,
Mr. and Mrs. H.
Clews,
Mr. and Mrs. H. Par
sons,
Mr. and Mrs. William
Street.
Miss Street. .
MAJOR GENERAL. SIR HENRY COLVIL.LE, WHOSE RESIGNATION AS
COMMANDER OP AN INFANTRY BRIGADE AT GIBRALTAR HAS
BEEN DEMANDED BY THE LONDON WAR OFFICE. ; ,.7
the parties will be definitely
status of
carelessness of my second efflcer the yacht
r?n on the reef. \V> wire hove to, waiting for
the natives to hrlng fiwh watPr the next morn-
Sr.g. The wind ir.u? t have -changed and the
feend officer ivae in watch und r«i the yacht
en the reef, thinking, probably, that the' reef
fas farther away. The weather was clear and
Sne. The yacht raanicn very high on the
coral reef, »h<re rho remained without ea
<Jin*rertnr the lives of those on board.
Loss of the Craft.
Ehe remained eo for about three days, very
<juiet. without taking any water at all. I
i ' - • the. natives on the inland to help us bring
her cflf. but they reiuhed. caving that they
rrc-'erred tr> have the vpffoI to any money that
I cculf* grive thrm. i>n the fourth day she
made plenty of water n that we had to leave
her and go on the island. Ab I eaw that I
C5uld save nothing more and that the -natives
v.ere beginning to plunder th,e yacht I eet her
efire. pouring kerosene on her. She was burn
ing for three day? and then disappeared alto
gether. Afterward we lived on the island until
taken o!t by a passing vessel.
Countess Fcstetics' one charge of cru
elty that tvas kept constantly before Ihe
court was the fact tliat phe was forced
for years to remain r.hoard the Tolna;
that nights of cruel acony were fpent by
her aboard the little vessel as it tossed in
the hurricanes of the ocean. Count Fes
tetlcs <ipnif.« all this. He and his -wife,
b« avers, were the puests of a King's
family on one occasion— the King: of Ta
hiti. Again they roomed in palaces or
dwelt in the aristocrat ic mansions -of the
cities they had vipite.1. In proof of hi*
assertion he forwarded a letter with hia
deposition written by his wife to his
mothrr from Singapore in November of
3S9S. That Countess F«»?tftics at least as
sumed a ch**>rfu! demeanor and rejoiced
at the attentions whic ii were belnp offered
her is manifest in rhe letters. Some of
the extracts are interesting. She pays:
Poor Rudolph ha* bw»n very Pick at norneo
Ruling the wh^le week. He had to xtay In bed.
which left him *o fwWe that the first time
he »ent out he rmi^ht a rol4. . wh1<-h soon
turned Into brnnrhUJs. R»al!y Rudolph dlp
tres«w me. H<? ir by ,v> means strong an<l yet
lie pays lesa attention to his health than any
one. Flnre we arrived st Hineapore he Is
better, for every one \r no kind. Inviting us
to jsfF a week her* arid a «wk there «tid we
mre alrwtt no longer on board. Singapore in
excessively gray. Races, festivities, garden
parties, dinner? without end. Luckily the week
cf races la finished. Rudolph rode In two
race*, but his horse was so bad that he could
n<->t win. Thai Is what made me lose a good
ceaJ of money, am I put my -whole fortune on
him. (I really find that he otipht to have re
imbursed me.) Since three days we are at
the Government House. Besides Rudolph and
mytelf there is a Captain and Mme. Louis
Jones and the C«puiin jind Mme. Farraar
The Governor. Sir Alexander Swetnam is
charming, and his U. D. P., the Captain Duff
if also very nice.
Tiger Chass In Honor of Countess.
On the 16th of this month we go to Plr Frank
Fwetnam. who is the resident general o f the
Mfeiay Peninsula. He has organized an enorm
cus tiger chase for us. Louis Jones trill
also b* of the party.. Really I must make
ycu my excuses, my dear mother, for thia
n~ribbllnr. but since jwo days I have suffered
with fever, which makek my hand tremble bo
This afternoon there is an Interment of the
young- secretary or the Governor, who <l!ed this
morning at S o'clock. I think that this Is too
terrible, to b» V>uri»4 t-o quick as' that It
wa* only Monday evening that he became sick
ejid we had all arranged to tea Sunday, together
to Jehoor. The heat in my ro"m is extreme
though the punkah moves very deftly over ray
heal. 1 am as in a sweat bath. It is terrible
fcr the hair. It is. necessary to have the hair
waved every day. There comes my little tailor
who brings roe my black dress which he has
erranged fcr this evening. My llttl» tailor Is
charming. He makes -you a very fashionable
riress for $5. not 15 frnncs. He made me a
Rood many robes of muslin, but that Is so dif
ficult to get here, of nice material, and the
women dress themselves ¦, so well. Almost all
have their <!reEpe* come from ¦ Paris. Mme
\on Brandt, the -wife of our Consul. -a wom.-ui
Fuffictently famous, drepoes ravlEhlncly. she
has all her dresses come from Judith. How
foolish all of this Is that I am writing you
You mutt think roe a little foolish, but I must
confess that I am enough American to adore
.handsome dresses.
After quoting the letter Count Festetics
reaches the bcirinnini; of the end of hia
etnry. He continues:
My name is Count Rudolph Festetics, and I
was born on the 17tii day of June. IMS at
Bolougne-eur-Seine. J'aris, Prance. For the last
ten years I h«v# he^n traveling In varinus
parts cf the world, although my legal residence,
ha* remained at Vienna. I never deserted my
wife tnd nevr have I lived separate and apart
from her against her will. I never willfully
or intentionally or without enure failed to fur
r;tyh the plaintiff means of support. For these
rr.'Ben* I ask that her prayer for a decree of
O.ivcrc* be (Jenled.
Juice B'ahrs Trill announce his decision
In a few days, ilo matter what may bo
his opinion as to the merits of Countess
Kestei.'.cs* charges or the recriminations
of Count Festetics it Is said that his
Jud£3icnt will be followed by an appeal
to the Supreme Court, where the Anal
HONOLVT.r, Dec. 27. — Honolulu is
ebr.ut to have a temperance crusade led
by the Woman's Christian Temperance
Union and the Ministers' Union. Two
ministers of the Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union— Miss Jessie Ackerman
end Mlf? Ada Murcutt— are expected herfi
on the steamer Coptic on December 29
and after they have started the agitation
Kev. Dr. Chapman of the Anti-Saloon
I^eacrue of Oakland will come. He is ex
pected early in January. It is part of the
plan of the crusade to diffuse pentiment
:n favor of the bil! of Congressman l,it
tleSeld of Maine, introduced in the Houss
to absolutely prohibit the sale of intoxi
cants to the aborigines of the Pacific
islands over which the United States ex
ercises controL
TEMPERANCE CRUSADE.
"Women's Christian Union Will Go to
Honolulu.
MARIETTA. Ohio. Dec. 27.— Abraham
Johnson and wife, both over 80 years of
«ge. wore bound, tortured and robbed
iast night at the!r home near Marietta,
on the West Virginia side. Their assail
ant, a gigantic nesro, left his victims
hound after securing all valuables. Mrs.
Johnson is almost totally paralyzed from
the shock and her' husband is badly in
jured.
ously Injured.
Ag^d Couple of Marietta, Ohio, Cru
elly Maltreated and Seri- \,
TOETUBED AND BOBBED
BY A BTTBLY NEGBO
Bolivar.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 27.— United St;tfe*
Charge Beaupre at Bogota has cabled the
State Department that he has been In
formed by the Colombian Government
that the invading troops were overtaken
by the Government forces at Rnsarlo, also
that their leader. General Uribe, was de
feated at Corazel, in the province of Boli
var. He was retreating with a' few re
maining followers through the department
of Magdalena toward the Venezuelan line.
The war Is said to be progressing favor
ably for the Colombian Government.
INVADING TROOPS
MEET WITH DEFEAT
General TJribe Defeated by the Colom
bian Regulars at Corazel in
WEST," POINT. Nv ;Y., Dee. 27.— There
was an unusually large attendance of
.spectators at . the ' military court of In
quiry to-day. Horace C. Booz, a civil en
gineer of Buffalo, and P. O. Phillips of
East Cleveland, who. was heralded as a
Congressman, but who told the press rep
resentatlves that he was never elected to
Congress, were the chief witnesses. The
former's testimony was principally a ref
utation of the statements made about his
brother^ former Cadet Oscar L. Booz of
Bristol,' Pa,, who died recently. Several
of .'the .cadet witnesses during the prog
ress of the investigation had accused Booz
"of having shown cowardice in his light
with- Cadet -Keller- in August, 1S98, and
theyjalso accused him of untruthfulness.
Lieutenant Coe, instructor of mathe
matics. ,ln' his testimony last woek- stated
that Booz was not possessed of sufficient
mental capacity to • pass the necessary ex
amination at this academy. The brother
said to-day that this was not so,- as the
manner In which the former cadet had
passed.' his ¦ examinations at the prepara
tbryvschool. at Bustleton, Pa,, was suffi
cient; to prove that Oscar was possessed
of -iuraclent intellect. He said Oscar was
not-untruthful, arid he was anything but
a coward. -
¦' Mr. * Phillips' principal reason for ap
pearing before the court was to show that
he had not visited the academy in 1S98 for
the .purpose of saving his. son from being
r hazed.' .
. ''One: of the witnesses at the morning
session Informed the court that he had
setn Cadet • Breth. so far exhausted from
severe exercising 'that stimulants had to
be given him in his tent In 1897.
It; was learned after, the court .had ad
journed that: Horace Booz had not volun
teered 1 his" testimony. He was summoned
by the court. -
Cadet Willis ' G. Peace of North Caro
lina, of the first class, was the first wit
ness to-day. He saw former cadet Breth
hazed in . 1897. The: witness, after being
frequently asked to describe the forms
of hazing to which Breth was subjected,
replied: >¦ ;..
. I .think they were -the usual forms, such as
holding out Indian clubs until It became tlre
soinr. .Irving "Wou.lrii vvllhv" and outer (hiUKS
which were In vogue'at that time. Breth was a
very awkward man and did not Beem to be able
to do anything right. He was subject to ner
vousness and was easily rattled. I got a letter
from Breth about six months after he left here.
In" It 'be 'tried to explain his difficulty in doing
things .right while at the post here, and said
that =he had been suffering from sickness all
the tlme;he was In camp. He had' hoped to get
better In. barracks, but did not. /
Q. — Is there any. hatred or feeling In exist
ence between first class and fourth class men?
A.— I don't believe there is any feeling on the
part of the first claps against the fourth class
men, but there may be on the part of the fourth
class men -against the upper class. This may
be accounted for by the treatment of the lower
class men, but this feeling passes away when
the cadets are advanced to the third class.
Peace went on to say that he did not
consider "exercising" brutal.
Q. — Then you don't think that being required
to exert yourself physic ally against your will al
most to the point of exhaustion Is brutal? A.—
I wasexerclsed myself, sir, and I did not think
it was brutal. It was uncomfortable, but I
never, knew it to result in permanent lnSury.
The. witness said there were some men
who used to haze more than others, and
that some of them seemed to be without
the faculty of judging when a man had
enough.; .
<'I.i should say that if a. cadet were hazed to
such a. degree that he would be injured or had
to'- be- helped by his fellows the hazing would
bfe.Jttrptal. 7V/','!-~.
¦.'This answer was .given after General
Bates had intimated .to the witness that
in case a cadet died from the effects o*
such hazing the. law would hold all of
those who took part) in it responsible for
the man's death.
Cadet Allen C. Kaye of Minnesota, who
came next, said he had seen Cadet Breth
the night before he left the Academy.
1 Breth seemed very 'much , cast down at
being deficient. He did not complain of
illness, nor did he say anything of hfs
treatment by the cadets while here. In
reply to General Brooke, the witness sa4d
he had never hazed, a man beyond tho
limit of his endurance; he never saw a
man faint or become exhausted from haz
ing, and had not heard of such a case.
Q.— Do you think it is for the physical benefit
of a cadet to have him "eatled" seventy
times? A.— Yes, sir; I should say It is. I'dld
it myself and I think It benefited me.
.Cadet John M. Pearson of Tennessee,
when asked if he ever hazed Cadet Booz,
answered In the negative. In describing
several forms of exercising he said:
Choo-chootngr Is the most exhausting. The
man Is required to get down and use his legs
as 'rapidly as possible in propelling himself
over the rround.
The next witness was R. C.Booz, civil
engineer, of Buffalo, a brother of the late
Cadet Oscar Booz. The witness had not
seen his» brother during the time he was
In the West Point Academy in 1898. Mr.
Booz continued:
. I received a letter from him shortly after he
went to -the academy. In it he said he felt
finnijc at the place as It was his first ex
perience away from home. In the second let
ter, which I got about the beginning of August,
he told me he would be called out to fight in
about a week. He complalne'd of having had to
take" tabasco' sauce and suffered from a sons
throat in couEequonce. He claimed it was
forctd down his throat and he had to swallow
It or choke.' -
Q.— Have you got those letters? A.— I have
not, sir. Tdestroyed all the letters I got from
him while here. In other letters which I got
from him he complained of being hazed and
nald he was being treated more severely than
others. loiter in the year he wrote to ma sug
gesting that my. father allow him to send In his
resignation. Oscar was. not "fresh" and was
not the kind of- a boy that would be hazed. .
¦ I Q. — Did- he ever mention any names of the
".men who hazed him? A.— No: he. did not.
Continuing, the witness said he objected
to Oscar's leaving the academy.
Mr. Booz then said he wished to vindi
cate his brother's character In the face
of published reports of what had been
said by Lieutenant Col as to his dullness
and deficiency in studies. He said Oscar
had completed. his preliminary studies in
such a manner as to prove that he was
not dull. , Statements had been made as
to his brother's untruthfulness and cow
ardice.
. "He was neither, said the witness
sternly. —
* In reply to Superintendent Mills, tho
witness said he had two brothers and one
sister dead. He- did^not know of Oscar
suffering from. - any other disease than
tuberculosis, if which he. died. Witness
said -that- In 1899 Oscar, had told him that
tabasco sauce had been forced down •, hia
throat. :. - : - . 4 • .
Q.— Did you see' your, brother within six
months after leaving the academy? • A.— I saw
him in October and December. He. then com
plained of a sore throat. He waa being treated
by aphyslclan In Bristol. 'Pa.: .'¦*
O —Why did . you not you, or some member of
vour family notify the War Department or the
Military Academy''' when It -became apparent
that our brother was dying from alleged cru
elty ? A.— I suppose we did .not. feel like doing
bo. We were all very much overcome at Oscar's
approaching death..; .,...' . C.
'Cadet Henry A. Meyer of -Arkansas was
called. • v . ,
Q.— Did you ever haze Booz? A.— I may have
braced him, "but I can't say positively. x^ngS
Q.— Did you: ever 'brace fourth class men for
the amusement or the edification of yourself or
class fellows? A. — N'o, sir. . I did it for. their
own*good. When. I was a fourth class man I
heard some upper class men turn*into the'next
tent. I went there late^ and found Cadet
Breth, lying on. the floor and no one else in the
tent. He was working his arms up and down
' nervously. . I i asked him what was the matter.
He. replied. .'•I've been exercising." Then ¦ he
began working Ms legs. He seemed perfectly
rational, as he ; an»wered my. questions. I felt
then that he was : only pretending and ' came
away, leaving him there. ; The tent was dark,
the only light-being that ; . which came in from
the company . street. f .^
P.- O. Phillips of Cleveland said that on
August 11 •, he!; came here and remained
about ten days,: uurlng,* which time he
lived at Highland Falls.-: He came for the
purpose of-vlsiting his son, -.who was then
and . is no w ', a ' cadet at the : academy. -He
had read a statement in the papers of the
20th inst. that Mr. " Booz ; of Bristol, : p a .,
had said he • came : here at that time ; for
thej purpose of protecting his boy- from
.being -hazed. Mr. Booz was at the ; Hleh-
Saya the I.ad Wrote Complaining
Letters and Asksd to Be Per
mitted to Leave West
} Point.
HORACE BOOZ
ON THE STAND
Brother of Dead Cadet Tes
tifies Before Military
Coirt;i-|
PARIS, Dec 27.— It has been disclosed
at the trial of the suit of Charles Wer
thelmer, bric-a-brac dealer, against Count
Bonl d* Castellan*, that Miss Ralen
Gould, sister of the Countess, has loaned
the latter $600,000 to tide the De Castel
lane family over the financial difficulties
with which they arc now and for sonic
time past have been beset.
Whether this Is the only gift made by
Miss Gould to her sister has not been
adduced by the proceedings, but there 13
indubitable evidence of the gift of $ti00,0C0.
During the last six years the Castellanea
have spent about H.000,000, and according
to the statement of their advocate. Maltre
Bonnet, they still owe 24,000,00) francs—
nearly J3.000.000.
A verdict will not be riven for a fort
night. Lawyers believe the court will ap
point experts to examine the Count's pur
chases of Wertheimer'a stock.
MM. Foucault and Guerin. counsel for
Wertheimer. say they have not yet de
cided whether they will prosecute Count
Bonl In the criminal court. ,
Special Cablo to Tbs Call and New Tort Her*
aid. Copyright. 1300. by tho Hsrald Pub
lishing Company. «
Fact Develops During th.« Salt of th.a
London Dealer to BeooreX
. Payment for Bric
ft-Brac
Mort Than a Half Million
of Dollars Loaned the
Frenoh Count.
HELEN GOULD
ASSISTS BONI
SAYS HIS WIFE
IS HYPNOTIZED
Commander Rodney'? Ftory of the mo
•tives In the rasp is different. He declares
he- loves his wife; that she lives with Miss
<"ole in preference to him. He alleges
that before their marriage the bride-elect
ftipulafd that they phou'.d live separate
ly, and Fhe has h»»ld religiously to the
r. preempt. He is of the opinion the bride
fleet was under the hypnotic influence of
Miss Cole and had no volition as to the
rr.arriape ceremony.
Margaret Edith Rodney is the daughter
of George Rodney Owen, son of the tenth
}'aronet of that line and descendant of
Admiral Rodney. She and her husband
ere cousins.
Commander Rodney is 5S years old, his
wife 21. Miss Isabel M. Cole is 2%, and
\r:\i admit she 5s the caus? of the trou
lile.- Mr! 1 . Rodney alleges that her hus
band hired Miss Cole as her companion,
end on their arrival In Washington he
on£-ag*jj arartments for them at a hotel
but refused to live there himself. She
declares she was compelled to leave the
hotel because Fhe could not pay their
b^ard. although her husband is able to
support her In luxury.
WASHINGTON. Dec 27.— Commander
P.obert Burton Rodney of the United
States navy, retired, claims his young
wife Is under the hypnotic Influence of
Miss Isabel M. Cole, and gives this as the
reason for non-support in his anFwe; to
the suit for maintenance just filed her*,
ly his wife. .•;
Special Dif patch to The Call
Influence of a Wcman From
Whom She Refuses to
Part.
Claims the Plaintiff Is Under the
Sensational Answer in
Divorce Suit.
Naval Commander Rodney's
CUTS NEW YORK'S SMART
SET DOWN TO A HUNDRED
., . — . ¦
Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt Jr. Readjusts Social
Lines in the Metropolis.
London War Office Begins the Promised;
Reform in Great Britain's Army; - :
DEMANDS RESIGNATION
OF SIR HENRY COLVILLE
THIS ¦'SAIS. FKAJNCISOO CALL, FBIDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1900.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Between Hyde
Telephone l»olk ' 1125.
PAINLESS
EXTRACTION
i SO cts. ¦ y
Our $3.00 Plates
/ fit like agtovs.
DR. H. L. WALSH
815%'CEART STREET
and Larkia.
Notice Is hereby given that a ro-
ward of SoOO will be paid for in-
formation leading to the arrest
and conviction o? parties who ma-
liciously or otherwise tnmp.'i* with
the poles, lines, transformers,
wires, manholes, cables, conduits,
lamps, meters, fuses or other
property of the Independent Elec-
tric Light and Power Company.
When* a patient comes to m« complain-
ing of dull headaches, sour stomach, bad
taste, nervousness, belching of gas. or
heart trouble, which is generally caused
from indigestion, I tell him to take one or
two of Stuart's Tablets after each meal
and as often during the day as he has
any trouble, and I feel confident I have
given that patient the best advice I could
give."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are large
pleasant tasting lozenges, containing dias-
tase and pepsin, combined with fruit and
vegetable essences. They are not cathar-
tic and do not act on any particular organ
like ordinary drugs, but Pimply act en-
tirely on the food eaten. They are a nat-
ural digestive, pure and simple.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are- sold by
druggists at 50 cents per package through-
out the United States, Canada and Great
Britain.
They have little appetite, and If they
do have an appetite, the food they eat
does them no good. "Why? Because it l=i
but half digested, causing thin blocd.
weak nerves, sleeplessness, aching bone?.
pains in chest, formation of gases, belch-
Ingr. etc They tell me they believe they
have consumption, or heart disease, rheu-
matism, nervous prostration, in fact mosr
every disease but the right onp.
In reality, the whole trouble is In th«
stomach and nowhere else. Now what do
I do with such people? I don't feed them
on pre-digested foods like babies, nor
"stomach bitters," nor patemt nostrums
which I know nothing aboat No honor-
able physician will prescribe a remedy
unless he knows what it contains and its
probable effects.
For all such patients I hava but one
prescription, I advise them to go to the
nearest drug store and get & BO-cent box
of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. I use them
with remarkable success In all cases of
indigestion and stomach trouble, becausa
I know what Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
consist of and what they will do. They
contain the vegetable essences, diastasa
and government test pepsin, which are the
things every weak stomach lacks to re-
store natural digestive vigor, and If * I
had dyspepsia myself It is the one remedy
I should take.
The wise, up-to-date, modern doctor la
no longer tied down to the hard and fast
rules of what his medical books say he
shall use and what he may withhold in
treating his patient.
The successful doctor nowadays Is the>
one who is quick to avail himself of any
remedy, new or old. which holds out a
chance of cure no matter whether it Is
Allopathic. Homeopathic or neither one.
Dr. Jennlson, In an interesting article
on lndigestltlon and dyspepsia says:
"Nine-tenths of all people, who apply tr>
me for advice and treatment think they
have this aliment "or that ailment, but r
find on close examination that their whole
trouble arises from poor digestion.
Knew Something Besides What He
Read in Books.
KNEW HIS BUSINESS.
I vOHQntrated sflffKGfl!
I Is ¦
IcoMEAmrs extract!
n or be c r. }\
IjS'jgHJjrjl " ®P r removes the srorrmc'i \
mii! ¥ BPfE terror of lard— made i"
<wS5(^£r^4 picsj V><^TA^ORAN PAR^ THU^DAY. DECEMBER W.— Weather fine. Try* J^L -^^>^
15B2. FIRST RACE — One and a sixteenth miles; four-year-olda and up: purse. >350.
I |Po. " "~ , Betting »
Index lHoree, Aga, Weight. Pet St. %. %. ' Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. ,C1. «¦
1619 Opponent. 8 87 78 2h ltflJ 18 J. Daly 8-5 8-5 6-5 1-1
1620 Walkenahaw, 6...1M »9 6%7V4 41 28 O'Connor... 5-2 5. 6 8-5
1637 Free Lance, a.. ..106 4 1 in Sh 2h 84 J. Woods.... 6 5 5 8-5
1519 Meadow Lark. a.. 301 3 6 9 20 6 >& 5 3 4 8 Mounca .... 10 40 40 10
14S7 Pins, 6 101 10 8 11 21 Stt 6h Stuart 10 40 40 10 6
1534 Acrobat, E 109 8 4 4h E2 72 63 Bullman ... 10 15 15 6
1533 Jennl* Reid, 4.... 93 6 10 7h_ 4h 6 1 7 3 J.Waldo.... 8 10 10 4
1551 Perseus, a 93 2 6 S3 9 40 9 80 II' Coburn 8 15 12 6
1639 Snips, 5 S5 62 In 85 ib 91E Ransch 8 8 6 2
1466 Tirade, 4 100 1 7 10 • 10 10 , 10 Dangman .. . 16 ' 20 20 «
Time, 1-16. .06%: 5-16, :31H; 9-16, :B6«: 13-16. 1:22%: m, 1:41; 1 l-16m. 1:48. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner, J. Coffay's ch. g. by Onondaga-Elslnora. Win
ner's big pull In weights finally elected him. Walkenshaw did his best. Meadow Lark came
from the far rear. Jennie Reid swerved at start. Snips cut off three times on back stretch.
Scratched— Limelight 99.; , . ¦ '
1553. SECOND RACE — One mile; three-year-olds and up; purse, $400. ' . '•
Pol , Betting «
Index Horse, Age, "Weight. Pst St. 14. H« Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. a PL
:548 MacGyle, 3 102 4 1 Th Tn 11 I*1H" Mounce :... 8 7-2 7-2 6-6
152! Parmenion, 3 104 SI 4h 61 23 * 24 O'Connor'... .3-2 9-5 8-5 3-6
1508 Spike. 3 io: 86 6b 3h 1H 3 1 Stuart 15 SO 80 10
1402 Royal Prise. 6.. ..106 78 9, 9 4 H 4 3 J. Woods.... 4 6 6 2
14S5 UUoa, 4 106 66 8 4 71 62 EH Devln 3(62
(142S) Free Pass, 3 102 5 78H61 62 62 J. Miller.... 12 30 30 10
' 14S5 Synta. 4 102 8 8 6n4h 8 10 7 10 Dominick ... 10 15 12 4
14S5 Gold Baron. 4... .30: 9 9 ~ hi 8 4 9 .83 Ransch SO 100 100 40
<1611) King's Pal. 8 102 12 2h In Tl ' 9 |Coburn | 7 15 13 6
Time— *i, :2'i; »j. :50; %1 1:16; mile. 1:4214. Good start. Won all out. Second and third
driving. Winner, C. T. Boots' b. g. by imp. Brutus-Ledalla. MacGyle nicely ridden. Par
menlon pocketed on far turn, seriously Interfering with his chances. Prlie a slow beginner.
I'lloa carried four pounds excess baggage. King's Pal quit. Scratched— Foul Play 102, Dev
er«?ux 102, Jolly Briton 102.
1554. THIRD RACE— One and three-quarter miles; hurdle handicap; three-year-olds and up;
purse, $400.
j [Po.l ' I r Betting
Index Horse, Age, Weight. PstjSt. Std. H. Str.. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1*12 May Boy, 6 1» SI & th 11 13 Worth* gton 15 76 60 10
US42) Lomo. 6 1SS 16 42 21 23 23 Cairns 8-5 3-5 8-5 1-3
1527 Mike Rice a 129 2 3 32 44 32 3 6. [Barton 4 9 9 8-6
1512 Charles le Bel. 5.. 12S 42 lh 5 44 4 10 Cooper 10. 12* 12 5-2
15*4 | Eva Moe. 3 US 3|4 24 11.5 S Owens | 1 6-6 1 1-3
Time— 3:21. Good start. Won ridden out. Second and third driving. Winner, Charles Boan's
ch. g. by St. Carlo- Pueblo. May Boy proved a planet the astronomers knew nothing about.
Lomo was pore after his Christmas outing through the field. Eva Moe's conduct most un
iadyllke. She stopped at the end to gather pretty wild flowers. Scratched— Texarkana 132,
Silverado 12Q._ Can't D j a "5'?jj*^ J^ AJ -^-^-^w-^-^-^-i J -^_r-i J >^^
1555. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds; puree. $490. ' ¦
j ¥o~. "" j 1, Betting
Indexj Horse and Weight. Pet St. %. «.. 8tr. Fin. I Jockey. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
(JE25) Articulate. 103 43 3H33 18 in Mounce .... 4 9-3 9-2 6-5
(14S1) Bard of Avon 100 6 1 11 1 11 S3 Dominick .. 4 10 10 6-3
Silurian 105 64 6 42 82 34 O'Connor 6 7 5 6-6
1532 Ada N 100 1 2 2H 3V4 43 43 Coburn 10 20 25 8
13SS Joe Frey US S54h* 5 5 J. Miller.... 9-2 25 20. 6
q4S2) Golden Age 11S| 2 l>ft Bullman ...| 6-5 13-10 1 1-8 j
Time— U :24%; H. :*S%; *i, 1:18%. Bad start Wen first three driving. Winner, W. C. de '
Xiopes's br.' c by imp St. Andrew-Utter. Articulate had them all etutterlng before home
was reached. Bard of Avon ran a cracking lace. Silurian not fast enough. Joe Frey a
capital practical Joker. Golden Age bolted as barrier was released. Scratched— Marechal
Xlel 103_ : 'I>nnyBeUel0O ; Ai^ratmslX^^
1550. FIFTH RACE— Mile and a quarter; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse; 3400.
IPoI • , Betting N
Irfiex Horse. Age. Weight. jPst St. Std. 14. Str. Pin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
1535 Morinel. 6 101 21 4H2H In 1% Dominick .. 6-3 6-2 8-5 S-S
1&40 Owensboro. 3 191 6 2 3h6i> 32 26 Coburn ..... 4" 4 7-2 6-3
1T20 La Borgia, 3 92 4 7 2H1B814 81 Ransch 15 80 30 10
1535 Koenlg. 4 104 16 6 5 6 4 4 6-41 J. Miller.... 8 12 10 5
.... Sir Rolls, 6 104 "4 5 114 ? h 61 EH Mounce .... 6 10 10 4
1535 Topmast a 107 3 8 78 73 64 66 Devln 4 10 10 3
1534 Locochee. 4 107 66 S 8 74 75 O'Connor ..4888
1M7 Imperious. 6 106 86 1143H8 8 J. Woods. 8 12 12 6
Xi me i£ :»5; :50: ?i, 1:16; mile, 1:42; llim, 2:07. ' Good start. Won first three driving.
Winner M. Storn's b. m. by Morello-Sunllt. Dominick on winner rode a faultless race.
Owensboro consistent. La Borgia Is improving right along. Sir Rolla will take some beat
lnjr next time out. Topmast sore. Locochee off on a buffalo hunt. Imperious stopped while
galloping. Scratched— Lothian 107.
1557. SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; maiden 2-year-old colts and geldings; 1350.
j " po^ , Betting
Index Horse and Weight. Pst St. M. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
1541 Isiap Dash 105 22 31 42 38 Ins Bullman ... 4 S 3 6-5
1541 !Tola 105 11 26 11 1H 22 Dominick ..8-5 t i 7-10
1514 Haralamb 105 74 42 81 2H82 O'Connor .. 6 10 10 4
1200 ICambaceres 1CS 96 61 61 42 48 Farrell 10 20 12 5
(El Fonee 105 6 10 8H 614 61 61 Coburn 5-2 7-2 3 7-5
isii iLimb of the Law.1061 63 In 22 61 61 Enos 10 20 20 . 6
1-.29 .Long Tom IPS' 10 7 35 81 "1 71 Devln 10 20 20 8
1474 ISplndle 105! S8 6h SI 81 81 Mounce .... 10 15 15 6
1420 llmmodell ..'. 108 45 7 14 7 1 91 93 J. Woods... 10 60 60 20
Io50 iFollow Me 105 3 9 10 10 10 10 J. Miller.... 15 60 60 20
Time— S-16 :1SH; 6-16, :301i: 7-16. :43; SW. l:0SH. Good start. Won first three driving.
¦Winner C E. DurneH's br. g. by imp. &t- Andrew-Half Sister. Chances of Tola were in
jured by his race out in front with Limb of th« Law. Slap Dash excellently handled. Cam-.
baceres can win goon. El Fonse almost left. Scratched— Graylette IPS, Straight Shot 105.
BOSTON,, Dec. Z7.-Captaln Hank Haft
has been selected as sailing master of
the new Boston boat, to be built to de
fend the America's cup. H« ; tailed the
Captain Haff Chosen.
Daniel Curtin, father of "Spider*/ Kelly,
the prizefighter, gave battle last' night' to
Policeman E. J. Thompson,, and when he
was " finally Jailed . on charges * of battery
and disturbance he was a gory sight. Cur-"
tin went to his residence on Jersey street,
near Twenty-second, drunk,- and began
abusing his family, Thompson • placed
him under arrest. Both are powerful men
and' a fierce fight followed, tha olfloer's
Curtin Fights Policeman.
"I am on my way to California, but do
not think I shall ride there. • I weigh now
118 pounds, and weights In most of the
races there would be too light for me. I
may, . however, take a.' mount there [ in
some big race, but I would have to reduce
a little even to ride at 116 pounds.- I will
leave New York for England on February
28, so Ss to reach there in time for the
opening meeting at Lincoln, which is in
March. I shall ride for Croker. I sup
pose Croker will have first call on Johnny,
but Lord Beresford has second call, and
if Wishard has nothing : In the Derby
Johnny will probably ride one of Lord
Beresford's horses. I shall stay in Cali
fornia about three weeks and stop in Chi
cago on my return."
CHICAGO, Dec. 27.— Lester Reiff, pre
mier Jockey of England, arrived In Chi
cago to-day from his homo In Flndlay^
Ohio. He is on his way to California,
Among other things Relff said: '
cago En Route to San Francisco.
Elder Brother Passes Through Chi-
B.EXFP ' MA'S* BIDE HEBE.
Pete Coleman and "Sailor" Bharkey
slugged each other for five rounds to a'
draw. The crowd- wanted Coleman to
win and he strove hard to carry out their
good wishes, but the alleged marine was
too powerful. Mike 1 Curtain made short
work of Jack Niles.
"Kid" Morris, a tall and lanky youth,
created some merriment when he entered
the ring, but when he dropped to the can
vas without being hit the spectators were
convulsed with laughter. He .explained
that he had entered the ring to size his
opponent up. Having done so to his own
satisfaction he retired In disgrace.
The old familiar saying that "blood is
thicker than water" was partially dis
proved last night during the boxing en
tertainment given In the gymnasium of
the San Francisco Athletic Club. Two
first cousins, room mates, fought the
main event of the evening, and the way
they slammed and battered each other
would create a doubt In the mind of a
psychologist.
Billy Snailham and Joseph Brodshaw
furnished this interesting study. As rela
tives and chums they liave boxed. As
neither could gain any ascendency over
[he other they decided to test their prow
ess in the ring. At a previous exhibition
oTthVclub the lads fought such a fierce
battle that the judges were unable to de
cide the winner. They were rematched,
and when they came together in the
closing bout of last evening they wasted
no time for preliminary sparring. They
dashed into eacn other and swung their
arms like flails. Science was thrown to
the winds and they slugged each other
unmercifully. Young Snailham showed
to better advantage and gained a slight
lead. He landed harder and oftener, and
in the middle of the fourth round he sent
his relative to the floor with a left swing.
When the round closed Brodshaw was
covered with blood but still full of fight.
Sr.ailham was given the decision.
Joe "Welch, the "Mission ekeeter, stung
Charles "SVitzel so hard In the first round
of their fight that Referee Greggalna
humanely stopped It and gave the medal
to the former. Welch fights at 113
pounds, and he Is yet to meet a lad who
can mike him seek cover. I
Jack Cordell, alias "The Farmer," was
awarded a decision over Dick Rleger
after four rounds of fairly good boxing.
Jack Archie and Hughey Priel are still
unable to prove which is the superior
fighter. At the last exhibition of the club
both lads fought five rounds to a' draw,
and last night after battling six fierce
rounds the Judges were unable to agree.
Archie blocked well and fought with a
pretty style, but hia auburn-headed op
ponent made up for his lack of knowledge
of the game by his willingness and stiff
punches. Frlel's proboscis shed carmine
in quantity, but the young fellow did not
seem to mind his loss. The spectators
were greatly pleased with the lads' show-
Ing and cheered them lustily.
Jack Lundy and Jack O Brien fought
four fast rounds to a draw. l»undy had
a shade the better of the argument, but
as O'Brien had done some good execu
tion and was fighting hard at the close
of the fourth round, the Judges called for
another. Lundy sulked in his corner and
refused to continue, and the referee had
to decide the bout a draw. .
Fast and Exciting Bouts Presented
by the San Francisco Athletic
dub — I*ongf Drawn Out
Contests.
Two Relatives Batter Each
Other in th« Arena of
a Local Club.
COUSINS FIGHT
A HARD BATTLE
CHICAGO, Dec. tf.-Dan A. Stuart, the
Texas sport promoter, who successfully
brought off the Fitzsimmons-Corbett fight
at Carson City after he had been sup
pressed by an extraordinary session of
the Texas Legislature after Congress had
outlawed fights in the Territories, passed
through Chicago to-night en route to Car
eon City.
It is known Stuart has another fight
carnival bee In his bonnet, but he was
conservative and would not commit him
self on this point. He was asked:
"Stuart, your mission to Carson City
means what?"
"Well," replied the sport, "It might
mean almost anything. Anything from
corraling a bag of birds to holding up the
overland limited."
"Is is not your purpose," pressed the
reporter, "to arrange matters for another
big fight carnival?"
"Perhaps I might be induced to take an
interest in almoBt anything if there were
a chance to turn over a few humble dol
lars. But, to answering positively one way
or another, you'll have to excuse me "
Since the repeal of the Horton law* in
New York, the passing of Alderman Pat
terson's resolution in Chicago, the rinjr
fatality In Philadelphia and other ob
stacles placed in the path of fighters
throughout tire United States, to say
nothing of the hazards which beset the
Cincinnati situation. Stuart appears to
hold the key to the situation and that his
purpose in going to Nevada Is to brin«c
off another carnival of top-notchers is
considered v to be probable.
Special Dispatch to The Call
May Be Preparing for a Car
nival of Top-Notch
Fistic Events.
Fight Promoter When Interviewed Is
Very Conservative on the Sub
ject and Refuses to Com
mit Himself.
DAN STUART EN
ROUTE TO NEVADA
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
BULLMAN ON GOLDEN AGE AGAIN
VERY UNFORTUNATE AT THE POST
Mau Bob, a 75 to 1
Shot, Outjumps
His Field.
Articulate' Finishes
Ahead of a Fast
Gathering.
One mile, eclline— Blocker won. Sunlocks
second. PeUt Maitre third. Time, 1:4J.
Six furlongs, eel ling— Syncopated band jr won.
Matin Becond, Collear third. Time. 1:15%.
Six furlongs, fx>lllnK— Cosswell won. Shut up
second. Boomera^k third. Time. 1:16. ' .
Handicap, elx and a half f urlon«r»— Sir FZor
ian won. Annoy Kt^cond, ¦ Moroni third. Time,
8lx furlecss— Command won, Juneatte eec
ond, Hor»e«ho« Tobacco third. Time, 1:1*H-
On* and m. elxteenth mUes. oelllnsr— Dick Fur
ber won, fipun ••soad, Pbiflla* third. Tim*
y *An^{ . * " — - - . • * ¦ -^,
Sixth race— Tayon. The Lady. Headwater.
Results at Ne-w Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec 27.— Results:
p^jrgt race— Alary's Garter. Florinel. Pboe
cizss.
Second race— Sam Howard, None 6uch. Free
Lance. . .
Third race— Montanlc. Woo£t*r Boy. Flush of
Geld.
Fcurtli race— Andrsttuu, Bemota, Nellie For
,Fifth race— Kitty Kelly, The Buffoon, Saul of
Tanwa.
Probable Winners.
•-"'.xth nc«— One mile; all ages; Owners' ban
<!.- tl . '
lLiZ Tfce-Lady 7Sifl53S)Headxrater 97
Cu">TZyon^-- **\ V10 Grand Sachem. M
Ii4i Eathca &>'
Fifth race— Five furlong*: three-ye*r-olds;
epllln*.
112 Grey Bob' 104( 1504 Random 104
748 Saul of Tareus.104! 1203 Jennie Rllejr...lO4
150$ Foul Play 104 .... Clarello 104
S5j Doherty ....104 14« Kitty Kelly ...104
1S28 St. Anthony. ...104 14S6 Burdoc :.. S.4
UJS Tfee Buffoon ..104 14S2 Bogus BUI- ....104
Fourth race— Six furlongs; two-year-olfls;
selling.
1403 Kondo 105 14C8 Modfler 105
•ZO» Dandy Jlin 110 1441 KlngBtelle 105
l r rs Thracla 102 l£0» N'ellie Forest.. .106
1&00 Intrepldo KB 1M>O Courtier 107
1476 £ad Sam 1KJ 16<4 Beracta 1C5
012, Andrattus 111! 1U* Eonic lti
Third race — One mile; three-year-old» and up
ward; free handicap.
1£4S VTooeter Boy... 133: 1MJ Th« FTetter ...1M
Ii45 Montanlc 10T 1534 Florizar 103
14S7 Flush of Gold..lC2< 1X16 Uaggie Davis.. S7
Becocd race — One mile; three-year-olds and
cjv.-sri; eellio*.
l£40 Osmond 113' K3 R ael BaSiflid'B.103
1KJ Gold Baron ...lttJ! 1U8 Willison F 100
0i47 Lothian 1SS) lill Lamachus 105
:::<_¦ ii&i'nue lM^iLJOXone Such ....ltf
154E P*" 1 Howard ..305 , li£2 F"ree Lance 12i
l£30 Forxnatus 1Ki| 1504 Mac Larea 10S
Tirrt race— Flv« furloc*»; three-year-old« ;
— Ttiw
ii: HIXT 107 [ 14£0 Tounr Morello.107
'.IH Jud Shropshire. 104 1511 L*w Zara 'jt
1423 Flcrinel II .... 94! 10C7 Giocoso ti
1504 Racetto VA\ li£S Alary"! Garter.ltM
IMS Eweet Vole* .. U\ 3511 Phoealssa 1C4
4S0 Del VUta. XM| 1136 The Scot 10*
Frpm all appearances little Jack Martin
bas "done and flown de coop." In other
words, the feather-weight rider, dissat
lailed with longer staying In the employ
of Carruthers &. Shields, has run away.
He was treated very nicely by the firm.
and no reason can be ascribed for his
euddea eight. Alex Shields thought he
might be in Oakland, but a horseman ex
pressed the opinion yesterday that a
telegram sent to Toronto would catch
Jack. Still the little fellow was very
fond of hunting and may have gone in
quest of some birds.
O'Connor did not rido a very brainy
race on Parmenion. There seemed to be
no reason for his getting pocketed on the
back stretch.
Folio wir.g are to-day' s entries:
(Copyricbtad. 30 °- b ? " wr - ¦*- MJU*la- All rights
reserved.)
Bookmaker George Rose took in two $20
bets on the hurdle winner, laying 75 to
1, He, however, refused none of the fa
vorite money, which partially offset the
loss.
The win of May Boy cost the field books
J30DO.
Twenty-one layers of odds took a baad
in the game at yesterday's drawing.
Track Notes.
Ten maiden two-year-olds faced the
barrier in the final number. Tola, from
Pat Dunne's stable, looked about due, but
In a drive lost the decision to Slap Dash,
ridden by Bullman. The winner was
backed from 5 to 3.
Little Dominick on Morinel, rode an al
most perfect race in the mile and a quar
ter event, finishing in front of some very
fair ones In 2:07 flat. The little mare's
odds were played from 5 to 2 to » to 5,
t: •: after La. ii^rgia had "elinqnlEhed the
lead, ¦won out from Owensboro. S't
Hclla started for the first time, making a
very fair showing.
Unable to beat some maidens the pre
ceding day, MacGyle defeated a moder
ate bunch of jilaters in the mile purse
run. Frank Doss' Parmenion had first
call at is to 5, but did not meet with the
best of racing luck, finishing Becond to
the Elmwood farm representative, which
led from the jump. Spike, a CO to 1 shot,
ridden by Jituart, ran third.
After many trials. Opponent finally took
a purse. Jimmy CofTcy's h<">rj>e with S7
pounds up looked unbeatable for the
opening mile and a sixteenth run, and
closed a 6 to 5 favorite, lie won "on the
bit" from Walkenshaw, which horse
seems iated not to earn brackets. Tho
chow felt to Free Lance, just about as
the horses had been played in the ring.
As an outcome of the Incident Dominick
beat the bunch away with Bard of Avon,
leading: to within forty yards of the wire,
where Mounce pot up with Articulate,
winning by a neck. The winner, carrying
103 pounds and <Vs to 1 in the betting, cov
ered the six furlongs in l:12Vz, and has al
ready been voted a colt far better than
the average. There was a heavy play on
Pat Dunne's Silurian, which was unable
to do better than get the show. Joe Frey
ran a race that would indicate he was far
from being in shape. There ¦was inclined
to be come gossip because Just before the
horses left the paddock one or two books
"went up" on the price against Golden
Age. This is no unusual occurrence, and
there Is not the least doubt but that Bull
man wanted to get away from the post
as badly us those bettors who backed his
mount.
Only two favorites were able to land
purses. Opponent and Morinel. The warm,
balmy weather and excellent card attract
ed a large crowd.
The most surprising performance of the
afternoon was the capture of the hurdle
event, at one and three-fourths miles, by
May Boy. a 75 to 1 shot, piloted by Worth-
Jngton. The last time this same horse ap
peared In public he couldn't jump a straw
bond, but was a dream yesterday. Eva
Moe, with 12S pounds and Owens up, was
an even money choice. She never seemed
overburdened ¦with speed, and had it not
been for an argument put up tjy Lomo,
the light weighted May Boy would have
waltzed in. As It was, he won by three
lengths in 3:21.
tlors with the Jaw of "Monk" Co
burn, earning a month's suspension, then
is If ft at the post In the Christmas handi
cap on Greyfeld, and at Tanforan yester
day, astride the crack colt Golden Age in
the two-year-old event, John again had
the misfortune to be left behind. It might
have been different and Bullman would
perhaps have missed the shower of hisses
lie received but for the fact that Bam
Hildreth's entry enjoyed the pleasure of
being a € to 5 favorite. Starter "Dick"
lawyer 6aid that as he sprung the barrier
Golden Age wheeled, which lifts all blame
from the rider's shoulders.
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND.
seems to be no end of hard
1 \ luck In store for Jockey John Bull
i| num. First he swings a right
iL. hander that maSe railway connec-
THE SAW if«A^CISCO CAL.L, FRIDAY^ DECEMBER 28, 1900.
3
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
of sxiits and overcoats
the story, but we might . y> jfi\
state our reasons for selling Tff^J^w
/^f'tllliwil^ " such : good, clothes at such ' j><!^^^^^^^ >^k '
II iilii! ~ we find ° urseives . stiu II i ijl I II iliX
Liiii] lllll -|» well stocked— we must ||| || jjlJ ll | il||| ! t(l ! |p\
fiSI | dear out our winter stock, It J ; !§§|| i\
iMllP^ I he most notable values T^^^ffl j , ffliyif 1/1 \ff! I j'Jf
iriliiw are some all-woorsuits and fc3 H I : f ( H IkSmBBw/ |||r
y|W[|l|lyiiiP overcoats' which formerly Mi Ij j l|SHlB Ir
¦§«&$?$« " rw m anu are no w going cll »po.z|.^ . in [B 1/ h x! iijV»ii'i\ii 'jpw
Sil" II *|| made and necessarily well ||j[) Ij ) ;, jj jij I ||| I
iilf i# taiiored - Every armem li si ilillll
|P|||1 -HI II .bears our personal guaran- *^il i W ! (ilH mmM^
||f | ill [llj^f tee in addition to the union 'kMliim^ '
iipi is 'I label. Our guarantee is: . - BO m ISP
ill Pft your mone y back; or a * H vjf PfflliB'
|||i I ||Hi year's repairing free should E| ¦: ij |j|j|
the goods at such a big reduction is to dispose of winter weight clothing while there
is a demand for it. •
Sale begins to-day ; the early purchasers get the largest assortment to choose from.
Be sure and see our windows — they show the values.
Suits Overcoats All-wool pants
The suits are single and double overcoats comprise box tan A line of all-wool pants in check
breasted sacks, in worsteds, in -coverts of several stylish shades, and stripe worsteds in the latest
checks and stripes of the latest and^also the latest oxford gray che- Dat terns to be worn with dark coat
weaves in various .shades of gray, yioti\ which are all wool, velvet P a « ern S. w De worn with dark coat
brown and olive ; also woolen che- collars, length to the knee; they are ana . st » aU slzes up t0 44 walst •'
viots in solid black and patterns good winter weight and" exception- we have sold these pants for $3.00
in checks of various shades; values . ally well made; worth $10.00 and and $$.^0, but to clear the remain-
cf the suits $10.00 and $12.50; sae .$12.50, as we sold them for that ; der of them out now tlte prices are
price, now reduced to marked down to
Odds and ends in boys' clothes
k We will have a clearance in our children's depart-
mzMMi ment also, comprising a number of odds and ends left i £^BLsji^ L
W^^% a^ e t the Christmas buying. In each, instance the prices
!%§£& have been reduced about one-half. What a short time -^fe%s^
\&£ j ago s?ld for $2.75, $3.00, $3.50 and $4.00 is now . Jyjnbl
/fiill'MII IfiIa Vestee and middy suits in ages from 3 to 8 years ; . /^^^^Kj0^^
il'lailiP'Sffl 1 reefer suits for boys- from 6 to 10 years; two-piece j^^^^KKw^^^Sk
ff?Of iffli '^lii suits for boys from 8 to l %t These . suits were formerl y /^^©^rli!^^^
SIIS^'! Illli Youths' suits in "fancy mixed cheviot and tweeds, 3^1^11^
Tw^MI'I Sf single and double breasted styles, former prices $7.00, jf
RHmII jffl *J8 00, $9.00 and $10.00; selling at present for £ S^^Wil^PRESENT RECTOR OP CHRIST CHURCH. LA CROSSE, WIS.. WHO WIX.L
BECOME DEAN OF THE PROCATHEDRAL OF ST. PAUL'S AT LOS
ANGELES.
The Challenge '.Is Out.
..Wednesday.,. January. the 2d, x the great
challenge will take place In this city. 5 .
NEWS BREVITIES.
BERLIN. Dec. 27.— The Prussian Diet has '
b«en summoned to me«t January 8.
BT. PETERSBURG. Dec. 27.— The Czar and i
Crarina will return to Tarskaoe-Selo near I
here, about February t.
BROOK VILLE Pa.. Dec. K.-Flre t<MJ»y
dt Btroyed the residence of Mn.! Harrlirer and
the mother, and two daughters, I aged 6 and ?
perished. \ '
FLINT. Mich., Dec. *7.-In a runaway ac cl
dtnt to-darDr George W. Howland waa killed
M0NTR03E Pa.. Dee. H.-Mlehael Maloney.
a fanner of Lenox Township, li dead at hia
home at the age- of 10T years. Mr. Malonev
was a native of Ireland. ~oney
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 27. — Th» HoIt
Synod has. ordered that all the churcheV 5
Its Jurisdiction convention take up collection*
Newport *C! " Orth0d ° X RUS8! " C^ "
SALT LAKE, Dec t7.— S. V. Derrah ha«
RcSe"lt ll Sr r Soffi illt Wnt ° f *• MlMOUrt
CAPD TOWN Dee. *7.-A strong Interna
tional Byndteats ha* been formed for the <5eveu
SJ3SS2 jGBSfe 3SSrz&fi?&
WASHINGTON. D»e. 27. —Secretary Hav hu
recovered from his recent Indisposition and w««
jKalrrat hl« d«sx In the st.ite r^paTtW/
This being diplomatic day he had mmSiUr.
the Chinese Sunl.ter' being the flE?* £&
xarss r #s ta sr- ><iiitatt ' **.-* &•
CHICAGO. Dec. !7.-Announcem«nt wan mad.
to-day of th* acquisition by the AtehUon
Toreka and Santa Fe Kallroad Company of
the PecM Valley and Northeastern, which
from Arrarlllo. Tex.s. where It connects with
to Pec ~ cit >- • ™
n^ e .r>aUon. nOWn , a " the Fort MlUu^
Fruit-Growers Meet.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 27.— The joint meeting
of the uirectors of, the California Cured
Fruit Association and the Packers' Com
pany-to-day, caused by the dissatisfaction
of certain prune growers with' the policy
of the big prune combine, adjourned till
next Wednesday without taking any ac
tion looking to a solution of the present
conditions of the prune market. While
some plan was undoubtedly broached at
the meeting looking to a relief of the
stagnation, those present refused to Eay
what it was, but it is plain something will
be done. All the directors of the Cured
Fruit Association with the exception of
Kearney of Fresno were present, and the
packers were well represented. President
Bond stated the association was daily in
receipt of letters from prune men all. over
the State urging a continuance of the
present policy. . .
Mrs. Melding: Gets Divorce.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 27.— A divorce was
granted to-day by Superior Judge Angel
lottl to Claudle Melollng from her hus
band, Albert Webb Molding, and the cus
tody of their little child was awarded to
the husband. The couple are very young;
and their marriage was hasty and some
what romantic They have -¦ been living
for Eotne time at Larkspur. -The divorce
was granted on 6tatutory«grounds,^ fail
ure to provide being the cause of com
plaint There was no contest, the hus
band allowing the case to go by default
and contenting himself with the custody
of the child.
Engaged by Rhodes.
SAN JOSE, Dec 27.— W. F. H. Pick
stone, a well-known horticulturist of
Santa Clara County, has' been engaged
by Cecil Rhodes, the South "African dia
mond king, to supervise a numben of or
chards that, the latter is setting "out in
Africa. For some years Rhodes has had
a hobby of introducing the culture of Cal
ifornia fruits into Africa and now has a
number of promising orchards. ~Plck-
Ftune, who has. been foreman for A. Block
for years, will 'supervise. the work of car
ing for and planting the orchards and in
struct the natives ..in the art of horti
culturei Plckstone' started for South
.Africa to-day.
LEGISLATORS - ELECT
VISIT SAN DIEGO
Are Handsomely Entertained by a
Committee From the Cham
ber of Commerce.
' SAN DIEGO, Dec. £7.— In accordance
with an invitation Issued by the Chamber
of Commerce of this city, a party of eight
legislators-elect arrived on last evening's
train and for the day have been the guests
of the. chamber.
The motive which prompted the latter
body to Issue the invitation aside from
that of hospitality was to have these
prospective lawmakers visit • the State
Normal School, bo that they. might judge
of the needs of that Institution and the
appropriation which will be necessary to
cover them. ig^tp
The party was entertained at dinner at
the Hotel Brewster last night by a rep
resentation" from the board Of directors
of the Chamber of Commerce. This morn
ing . the entire . party went out to the
normal school, returning thence at a lit
tle after 10:30. They embarked aboard
the Government launch General de Russey
on the : Invitation ¦ of Lieutenant John P.
Hains of the local post. After taking a
circle around the bead of. the bay tney
visited the quarantine station and-Bal
last'Point. They spent 'some time at the
naval • reserve ; boat Plnta, which Is tied
up at the steamship wharf, and on which
the naval militia would like to have some
money spent in order that she may be
put in commission. - , .'
¦ Members of • the party ¦ who were seen
expressed themselves as highly .pleased
with the entertainment received, and were
of; the Impression that the demands of
SanCIego for the completion of the build-
Ings of the normal- school were indeed
moderate. The visitors were: -C.--W.-Pen
dleton, Frank James, Fred M. Smith' of
Los Angeles, C. W. Merritt of Santa Bar
bara. D. W. Hassen of Buena Park, A
S. Melice ; of Riverside. ¦< C. M: Simpson
of Pasadena and C. J. H. Bennlck of On
tario. Senator Caldwell of Riverside joined
the party this afternoon. \
Pretty Double Wedding.
SANTA ROSA 1 . 'Dec. 27.— A very 'pretty
double wedding _took place at the home of
Whiting Klmble, at Sebastopol yesterday
afternoon. Both daughter and son of Mr
Kimble took «mto themselves a life part
ner.: Miss Delia Klmble became the bride
of .Robert Harman of, * Sebastopol and
Thomas Kimblo received the hand of- Miss
Sibyl Clark.of Santa Rosa. ,.,
May j Rebury Parker.
WrLLOWS, Dec. 27.-Among the effects
of the late George Parker, who died
Christmas day shortly after an encounter
with Deputy Sheriff Potts, has been. found
an emblem of the Mason c order on a Dho
tograph. Investigation will be made and
if it can be ascertained that the deceased
was a Mason the local order will-probablv
exhume the body, and rebury.it. Parker
was burled by the county yesterday
Five Years for Coxe.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 27.— In Judge
Smith's department of the Superior Cpurt
John H. Coxe, a real estate agent, waa
this morning " sentenced to ' five years In
San Quentin . for the embezzlement of
funds i intrusted to him by Percy, Richard
con, a client. An appeal will be taken
OIL DISCOVERED ON
A SANTA CLARA BANCH
Surface Indications Are Very Good
and Real Estate Values Are
Soaring Upward.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 27.— Oil has been dis-
covered seeping from the ground on the
Schmerber ranch, at the junction of Lick
and Alum Rock avenues, a few miles ea«t
of this city, and it Is believed Its develop
ment will lead to the finding of rich oil
deposits in Santa Clara County. Consider
able excitement has been, created In the
neighborhood. Experts are going over the
ground in the interests of local capitalists
and they, report the Eurface Indications
favorable for a large body of oil in that
vicinity.
For some years it has been known that
I oil existed in Alum Rock Park, which Is
,^'ope to the find now made, but city own
.¦*shlp has prevented developments there
Leases for land in the vicinity of the
Echmerber ranch are being. made, and It
is said the work of boring will soon com
mence. Real estate values are raising in
that locality. . ;
I For years oil wells- have been operated
in Moody's Gulch, above Los Gatos and
It Is now predicted Santa Clara County
will Burpass the , southern part ; of - the
State in the production of oil.
Goldsboroufrh- Without a Crew.
, TACOMA. Dec. 27.— Wolff & Zwicker.
ship builders Portland, have not yet
sent any one hero to replace Chief En
gineer Bodmer of tho new torpedo-boat
destroyer Goldsborougn. who resigned las*
week. The Goldsborough lies at the dock
in charge of a watchman, machinist and
fireman, her crew having been cischarged
She is temporarily laid up pending tha
arrival from Portland of- a new eccentric
rod to : replace one broken at her last
builders' test. " . /
IONS HIGHWAYMAN
HOLDS UP A STAGE
Secures a Small Amount of Coin and
Some Gold Dust In
Arizona.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Dec. 27.-A lone high
wayman held up 'the Hot Springs stage
near Hot Springs Junction last evening,
securing about $50 from the private ex
press box, and it Is rumored that an Im
portant consignment of gold dust from a
mine near Hot Spriturs formed a part of
the booty.
The bandit conducted operations quiet
ly and disappeared on a horse. The
Btage driver hurried on .to Hot Spring?
Junction, where a posse was organized i
and is now. on the trail of the robber '<
Fined for Shooting. Robins.
SANTA CRUZ. Dec. 27.— Z. Colemara to
day pleaded guilty In the Justice Court to I
having killed two robins and paid a fine '
Of $40. * !
SANDSTORM BLOCKS
SOUTHERN PACIFIC TRACKS
All Trains Are Stalled, but No Dam
age Is Reported to Private .
Property.
LOS ATCGELKS.Dec.27.— A terrific nand
*torm visited San Gorgonio Pa*s yester
day, which completely tied up th«» South
rrn Pacific pystem. In Intensity the storm
Is paid to have exceeded anything of the
kind which has taken place In the vicinity
for years. Great clouds of sand were
Mown up from the desert as far west as
Cucamonga. and many telegraph poles
went down before the force of the storm.
Rifts of Fand drifted across the railroad
track in many places, and all train seta,
vice was demoralized. With the sotting <5r
the. pun came an abatement of the fury of
the wind. Work trains were hastily sent
out from San Bernardino to remove the
obstruction from the track, but so many
hundred cubic yards of sand had fallen oh
th*> ra!ls that little headway was made.
At an early hour this morning all the
through passenger and freight trains were
hur,p up along the road. The overland
whi< h left here at 2- o'clock -yesterday
¦was si ailed at Colton. No nerious damage
Is reported to private property, and It Is
believed that little was sustained. The
Southern Pacific expect* to have the line
cleared in the morning and all trains mov
ing on schedule time.
DUNHAM AGAIN FOUND.
Amateur Detective In Mississippi
Has Murderer Under Surveil
lance.
BAN JOSE. Dec 27.— Another Dunham
suspect has be«n located. This time the
nan who thinks he has a string on the
SW.oon reward offered for the murderer is
> ndrew Jackson, an amateur detective of
Mount Olive, Miss. In a letter received
by Sheriff Langfnrd to-day he says he is
satisfied he has James C. Dunham spot
ted and want* photographs and informa
tion about the reward.
I He say* he can prove by a second
cousin of the suspect that he has spoken
o? knowing a Hattie Dunham, which- was
the name of the mife of the muchly
sf.ugbt sextuple murderer.
: The officials here take no stock in Jack
son's claim that he. has Dunham under
surveillance. The usual crop of Dunham
Fuspects is on the increase, but after mail-
U,r a circular with picture of the mur
derer they are never heard from again
Interests the Coast.
'WASHINGTON. Dee. 27.— Postofflce es
tablished: . Oregon— North Bend, Coos
County. Louis J. Simpson, Postmaster
«5l? Elon^,. I £ SU 2 4 « to-day: Califomia-
Original— Richard Bryan Treat, San Fran
cisco, $8.
Oregon— Original— Banford H. Houser
Portland. SS. Orijdnal widow— Leah
A. Kramer, Monmouth. $8.
Washington— Increase — Edward Noel
Jacques. New Whatcom, $SL *",
Rice Granted a Stay.
SPOKANE, Wash., Dec. 27.— Edward
Rice, who brutally murdered old Matt
Haley at "Wallact, Idaho, will live to ee«
another century.- He was sentenced to be
hanged December 81 next, but a stay of
execution- ha» been granted because of au
appeal to the Supreme Court.
MRS. WALDEN HAS
NOT LEFT MARIN COUNTY
Mystery of the Disappearance of tha
Accountant Is -fitili as Deep
as Ever.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 27.— The disappear
ance of C. J. Walden continues to be the
chief topic of conversation, at San Quen
tin prison. Another day has passed and
no w*ord has come from the missing man
or. any clew that will point to why or
where he went. To-day several experts
were examining his books, but this pro
ceeding is hardly watched, as it la taken
for granted that the books are straight.
Mrs. Walden, wife of the missing account
ant; visited, the prison to-day. She pro
fessed to be unable to throw any light
upon the mystery. The notoriety given
her husband's continued absence is very
distasteful to her. Her presence here re
futes the story that she also had disap
peared. As time .passes the affair la
thrown into deeper mystery. Time usually
brings forth some ; reason or clew. In
Walden's case conjectures fall to the
ground. .He remains a mystery. Seem
ingly contented, sober. Industrious, en-
Joying a good salary, almost a life posi
tion, with a, wife and home, Walden dis
appeared as though the earth had swal
lowed him.
The only circumstance that points to
contemplated flight Is the different state
ments that he is. alleged to have made to
people regarding where he was going dur
ing his. vacation. If true they show that
bis* absence is not the result of accident
or foul play. The snowed-in-the-moun
talns theory first advanced by his friends
has been abandoned as each day has made
it less probable> The great publicity
given his disappearance must hava
ieached him by this time if alive and In
this country. '
SUFFER THREE DAYS
FROM HUNGER- AND THIRST
Hardships Encountered by Crew of
Theresa Maria in Philippine
Waters.
! SEATTLE, Dec 27.— Particulars of the
rescue by the United States transport
Garonne of thirteen- jhipwrecked seamen
of the ill fated schooner Theresa Maria
In Philippine waters about the middle of
November were ; received In this city to
day. While en route from -Vigau with
twelve sick men from ¦ the Third Cavalry
and Thirty-third Infantry'and fifty-six In
surgent prisoners the Garonne' sighted
wreckage with men clinging to it on her
starboard -bow.' Captain Conrad! brought
his ship around and ..dispatched lifeboats
for those, clinging to the wreckage. ' AU
were rescued and taken aboard the Ga
ronne. • .
The Theresa Maria was bound from
Santa' Cruz for Manila with ' rice and
sugar. On November -5 she encountered
a squall, which swamped her. . The mem
bers 6f- the crew were three days and
nights without: food or anything to drink.
Meanwhile: several vessels passed them,
all, unfortunately, failing to observe the
Maria's distress. :; -_-:;¦ --*: .
Highwayman Arrested.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 27.— Peter 'Adorgo .. and
Pete ; Mendosa have 1 been arrested and
will have to . face a", charge of highway
robbery. \ As Perley Nace, . a well-known
young man of Santa Clara, > was on - his
way home from.. a .festal gathering on
Christmas night two men held him up
on Washington street* Nace was knocked
down: and brutally, beaten and then re
lieved of $2 60 hehad in his pockets. The
matter .was reported :to Deputy Sheriff
Tormey and he j fastened the ¦ crime on
Adorgo and .Mendosa. After their arrest
to-day ' Mendosa confessed the crime.
Both . have borne hard reputations. A
charge : of " highway ¦ robbery has been
placed against them. '
Crlpps' Suit Transferred.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 27.— A suit for $5000
damages and for S3000 alleged loss of rents
was. transferred to the^United States'Clr
cuit •: Court here this morning - from the
Superior .Court; of Fresno County. The
suit Is « entitled ,*H.T.iCrlpps et al. vs.
Aetna . Petroleum Company, , and alleges
that ;the defendant s forcibly entered upon
lands belonging < to plaintiffs « October , 8
1900, 1 erected derricks and commenced bor
ing fori oil. The answer is a general de
nial. - ' . : - ¦-¦¦¦- ¦---¦ : . ¦ ¦- r. ¦ -. ¦•¦
FAIjLS DEAD AT h'MHi'
OP WOMAN" HE LOVED
John E. "Harrison Znds His 1AI e in
the PcstocS.ce at San
Ardo.
SALIXAB, Deo. 27.— News waa rece-ive-1
this morning of the suicide at San Ardn
of John E. Harrison, a man about 23
years of age, formerly a driller for tne
Tomboy Oil Company, but latterly em
ployed by the- Southern Pacific Company.
His universal good humor caused, him to
be known as "Happy Jack." h« had
wealthy relatives at YVatsonville and also
in Sacramento County.
According to reports Harrison was in
love with Miss Dudley, the postmistress
at San Ardo. but his love was unrequited,
which caused him to be very despondent
This morning at 8 o'clock he went to the
postofflce and in the presence of Mijm
Dudley placed a revolver behind his right
ear and fired. He fell dead at her feet.
Miss Dudley was proatrated by th-»
shock. Sho \a a most estimate younar
lady and no blame is placed upon her by
the people who are conversant with the
facts which led uj> to the suicide. An
inquest was held this afternoon and th«»
Jury returned a verdict of suicide whil
temporarily Insane.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
" TACOMA, Dec 27.— A tragedy occurred
yesterday morning east of Olympia, re
sulting in the death of three children.
The Lavery family, consisting of the fath
er, mother, a daughter aged four years, a
son aged two years, and. an infant, six
months old, occupied the. dwelling h6use.
The father and mother went to take a
cow to a neighbor's house, leaving the
children alone. A hired man was at work
cufting wood about 200 yards from the
house. During uie absence of the parents
he discovered the house to be on flre. Be
fore he could reach the scene on explo
sion occurred, supposedly of some dyna
mite that had been stored In the upper
part of the building.
By the time he arrived and opened the
door the whole interior of the house waa
in Uames, and it was impossible to rescue
the little ones. The building was entirely
consumed, the walls falling outward. The
bodies of the two oldest children were
found where the ¦ bedroom stood. They
had run out of the front room, ¦where the
fire probably started. The Infant was evi
dently in the crib or cradle In the front
room. •
The parents were frantic with grief
when they arrived. Their absence had
been but a few minutes, yet long enough
to find their, house In ashes. The mother
had to be removed by force. She and her
husband later returned to the scene and
spent many hours gazing at the ruins of
their home and the remains of their chil
dren.
To-day at Olympia services were held
over the remains of Hazel, Dewey and
Robert, the three dead children. The bod
ies were so badly destroyed that only a
few bones could be found to place in. the
casket.
The fire left Mr. and Mrs. Lavery in a
destitute condition and a subscription pa
per is to-day being liberally signed by
State officials and other citizens.
No inquest was considered necessary,
although the origin of the fire will proba
bly always remain a mystery.
M-3LRTSVIL.LE. Dec. 27.— The jury
In the case of Hugh Buchanan,
who has been on trial during the
past week for the murder of
Billy Miles, brought in a ver
dict of manslaughter after having been
out all night. Buchanan will be sen
tenced Saturday.
The case was of particular Interest
owing to the presence of a large array of
expert testimony, most of which was to
the effect that {he prisoner was Insane at
the time of the commission of the crime.
Dr. Dozier of the Napa State Hospital,
who has had the prisoner in charge for
the past three years, however, testified
that he believed him cane.
THREE CHILDREN LOSE
LIVES IN A FIRE
stroyed and Remains of Idt
• tie Ones Found in
the Ruins.
» ¦ \< % 'r :
Home of the Lav«rys at Olympia De-
6p*clal Dispatch to Th« Call.
DIXON, Dec 27.— One of the mpst dis
astrous fires in the history of Dlxon broke
out in the Arcade Hotel on A street at
about 10:30 this morning. The wind was
blowing a gale from the north and that
any of the southern portion 6f the town
remains seems miraculous. A defective
flue is presumably responsible for the con
flagration, and after the fire broke
through the roof a few momenta after
smoke was first seen issuing from the
building It was evident that the building
could not be saved, and the volunteer
nre department devoted Its attention to
saving surrounding property. •
The Fashion stables. Arcade liverv sta
ble and Odd Fellows' Hall, all adjacent
to the destroyed building, were saved aft
er most desperate fighting on the part of
tne ,nre companies and others who volun
teered. While the hose companies which
compose the fire department were busy
fighting the flames willing hands were re
moving as much of the furniture as pos
sible from the burning building and about
,T4: e " fourtns of the contents were saved.
The hotel was erected in 1872, and was
one of the town's'oldest landmarks. It
escaped the fire which swept the busi
ness portion of Dixon In 1SS3, although it
was badly scorched, and has since had
peveral narrow escapes from destruction
by fire. The building was insured in two
companies for $5500, which only partially
covers the loss. The property represented
an outlay of nearly $25,000. •
Dixon, possessing only limited hotel ac
commodations, will- feel 'the loss of the
hostelry keenly. It is not known whether
or not Mrs. Kumle, the proprietress, will
reconstruct the building.
Firemen and Volunteers Save Furni
ture From the Burning Build
. Ing and Check Spread of
Flames.
Buchanan is a son of ex-Congressman
Buchanan of Georgia.
The crime for which Buchanan was con
victed was committed In 1894 in this city.
He arrived here shortly before and soon
developed a wayward character, spending
his remittances in carousals. While on
one of his sprees he tecame engaged In
a barroom quarrel, which resulted in ths
stabbing and death of William. H. Miles.
Buchanan claimed after his arrest that
he knew nothing of the affair and that
there was no premeditation about It. He
was bound over at a rreliminary hearing,
but before trial a special Jury found that
he was suffering from petit mal or
masked epilepsy" and he was commit-
« ed v. tO v Napa ' from which, after a hard
ngnt. Be was released some months ago
by the Supreme Court and was brought
here for trial for the killing of Miles.
ARCADE HOTEL AT
DIXON DESTROYED
HUGH BUCHANAN, THE SLATER OP W. H. MILES. WHO HAS BEEN
CONVICTED OF MANSLAUGHTER. BUCHANAN ADMITS TO HAV
ING FEIGNED INSANITY AND WAS CONFINED AT NAPA.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 27.— Chief of Po
lice Sullivan to-night received a telegram
from the Sheriff of Clare County. Mich
igan, requesting him to hold H. Green,
the man who walked Into the police sta
tion Christmas night and declared him
self guilty of the murder of "Bill" Feeney,
a logging foreman, near Farwell. in Clare
County, Michigan, about 'twenty-nvtt
years ago. Green has since refused to
talk, when ¦ asked for a further state
ment to-day he said, sullenly:
"I have said enough; in fact I have said
too much already."
Efforts to get him to reduce his state
ment to writing, or to authenticate it un
der oath, have thus far failed. Chief Sul
livan asserts his belief that Green .is the
murderer who has been so long wanted in
Michigan, and that his original story,
which was told coherently and voluntar
ily, was correct In all important particu
lars. The Chief will hold him until he
has received full advices from the Mich
igan end. The telegram from the Mich
igan Sheriff follows:
HARRISON, Mich.. Dec. 27. 1900.
J. E. Sullivan, Chief of Police — Owen
Feeney was murdertd, his throat having
been cut. The body was found in a lake
three miles west or Farwell, Clare Coun
ty. He was missing January 7, 1877, and
the body was found in the following Sep
tember. Please get the confession of II.
Green in writing, sworn to before some
magistrate, and wire me at once. Andree
ana McCame were arrested and dis
charged for this crime. Hold Green until
further advice. .
JOHN R. BROWN, Sheriff.
The circumstances of the murder as de
scribed in the Sheriff's telegram agree
almost exactly with those narrated by
Green in bis confeaalon.
CLARE. Mich.. Dec. 27.— The man to
whose murder H. Green confessed in Sac
ramento was Owen Feeney, instead of
Bill Feeney, as Green states. Feeney was
in Clare on a spree January 8, 1877. and
displayed considerable money. He board
ed a train that night for the lumber camp
where he was employed and was never
seen again alive. Search was begun and
a hole was discovered in the ice on a
(•mail lake near the lumber camp, but the
body could not be found. The following
September Feeney's body was found in
this lake with the throat cut and the skull
fractured. His money was missing. This
tallies with Green's confession to the Sac
ramento-police*, as he told them that he
and his brother knocked Feeney In the
head and cut his throat. Green Is un
known in Clare.
to Obtain Written Statement
From Self-Confessed
Murderer.
Bequest Sacramento's Chief of Police
LA CROSSE, Wis., Dec. 27.— Tha
vestry of St. Paul's Pro-Cathe
dral at Los Angeles, Cal., has re
ceived before this the written ac
, ceptance by the Rev. E>r. J. J.
Wilkins, present rector of Christ Church,
of the vicarage of that church.
Dr. Wilkins came to La Crosse from
r>es Molnes, Iowa, in 1895. During his rec
torship here the Episcopal church has
prospered more than It ever had before.
A handsome church edifice, the finest In
this section of the State, was erected
largely through his efforts. A total
MICHIGAN OFFICIALS
WANT GREEN HELD
Special Dispatch to TI>* Call.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 27.— The hearing of
the case of Virginia D. Hutchings. who
claims she is a daughter of the late Al
bert Tanzer, was opened to-day. Tanzer
was an erratic German and left an estate
valued at $40,000.
At about 3 o'clock this afternoon a sen
sation was sprung when Attorney Hut
ton announced that he and his associate
counsel. Judge Van Fleet, had concluded
to withdraw their client's petition for let
ters of administration. The attorneys in
the defense opposed the withdrawal, at
least without the costs being paid by the
alleged daughter of the old man. Judge
v an Fleet stated that his client did not
wish to assert her rights at this time
Dut would do so at the time the dis
tribution question came up. Judge Bur
nett made no ruling as to the costs, but
granted the motion to withdraw. The.
Judge then granted the petition of Pub
lic Administrator Pierce of this county
lo administer upon the Albert Tanzer es
tate and no further contest is expected
In this case on the part of Mrs. Hutch
ings.
A large number of depositions have been
taken and not one shows the least claim
of Mrs. Hutchings in • the estate
Some show that while she claims the
deceased was In San Francisco at a cer
tain time he was in a machine shop in
Burlington, Iowa. Other depositions were
presented from Father Crowley of St
Mary s Roman Catholic Church of Brook
lyn. £¦ Y.. where it was alleged bv Mrs.
Hutchings that she waa baptized arid that
that church had since been burned, which
showed that the edifice had never been
destroyed nor waa there any record of
such baptism at that church.
Attorneys for Mrs. Hutchings, the
Alleged Daughter, Spring a Sen
sation at the Hearing at
Santa Rosa.
amount of $63,000 has been raised and ex
pended during his administration, and the
number of communicants has been in
creased 93 per cent.
Dr. Wilktns waR born In New York. He
was raised and educated In Missouri, and
his first rectorship was in Fedalla. Mo.
He received a degree of doctor of divinity
from the GriAwold Theological Seminary
in 1893. He entered the ministry in Xaii
and was made a priest tn 1SS6. After serv
ing five years as rector at Sedalia. he was
called to Des Molnes. Iowa, and also re
mained there five yeara. While at Des
Moines he raised a debt of $14,000 on the
church and Increased the number of com
municants 10"J per cent.
WITHDRAW CLAIM
TO TANZER ESTATE
John W, Tinsley Ends His
Marital Woes at Los
Angeles.
STORMY LIFE OF THE COUPLE
Husband . Was Accused of Having
¦ Eiceived the Woman and She Was •
£uing Him for the Return
of Money.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOS A NGEL.ES . Dec. 27.— John W. Tins
ley shot and killed his wife. Anna P. Tins
ley, at the corner of Eighth, and Olivd
streets this morning and then fired a bul
let into his own head.' dying instantly.
The bullet that killed his wife entered the
left eye and penetrated the brain. She was
alive when picked up, but died on the way
to the Receiving-Hospital. \
.The couple were married at Van Buren,
Ark.,, In- January. Tinsley represented
himself as possessed of property in,
Helena. Mont.,, to the value of $75.00).' His
wife had $400 cash and a house and lou
in Jackson, Tenn., valued at $2500. This
latter her husband Induced her to sacrifice
for $1800, and five days after the marriage
they came to Los Angeles on a honey
moon trip, the expenses of which were
defrayed by Mrs..Tlnsley. 'From here they
went to Mineral Wells, Tex., and August
28 reached Excc-lslor Springs, Mo.
There Tinsley Induced his wife to trans
fer to him the $700 that remained of her
money and told her he must go to Helena
to settle up his affairs. After his depart
ure she found that he had also taken a
diamond ring and stud valued at $400. " ,
She received a telegram from him later
dated Los Angeles, in which he acknowl
edged that he had deceived her in regard
to his wealth and that she would see him
no more.
She followed him here, but in the mean
time he had departed for Moriett. Mo.
Two weeks later he returned to Los An
geles, and an arrangement was made
whereby he 'gave her a draft on an Ar
kansas bank for $325, and promised to
make other reparation. She sent the draft
for collection and it was returned, with
the statement that the money to Tinsley's
credit had been .withdrawn by telegraph.
On the 21st of this month Mrs. Tinsley
filed suit against her husband in the Su
perior Court to recover the $1100 fraudu
lently . obtained from her. and bitterness
over this suit and the troubles leading up
to it evidently caused the double tragedy
this morning.
It is now alleged that Tinsley had an
other wife in Townsend, Mont.
Letters found in Tinsley's pockets after
his death, addressed to the public ana
dated Christmas morning and this morn
ing, indicate clearly that the crime was
premeditated. In the course of the first he
says:
' "If I meet Mrs. Anna P. Tinsley to-day
I will take her life and then mine. If wo
cannot live together then we will die to
gether. Mrs. Tinsley has said a great deal
publicly through the press, in fact, too
much. I have nothing to say about our
dlfflcultles. The Lord must be the judge."
In the letter dated to-day he says:
"I expect to meet Mrs. T. at the Metho
dist Episcopal South to-morrow, and then
I will do the work. I hope no one will
say I am- crazy, for my mind Is as clear
as it ever was. I am only a little forget
ful. I am sound on religion. I have no
fear of hell or hopes of heaven. I would
like to be buried by the side of Anna P.
Tinsley."- . ....
The style of the letters as a whole Is il
literate and the spelling bad.
KILLS HIS WIFE
THEN TURNS GUN
ON HIMSELF
KIDDER OFFERS
RESIGNATION TO
GOVERNOR GAGE
Debris Commissioner Dis
satisfied With Exec
utive's Action.
DISPDTE OVER EXPENDITURES
Miners' Committee Urges the Califor
nia Delegation to Secure an
Additional Appropria
' tion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Dec 27.— Angered at
the course of Governor Gage, with refer
ence to the plans for the mining debris
Impounding dams on the Yuba River,
I>ebri6 Commissioner John F. Kidder late
this afternoon tendered his resignation to
the £taie executive. The Governor told
him that he wouni not consider it unless
he presented it In writing, and Mr. Kld
der requested Daniel Kevane, secretary
cf the State Board of Examiners, to
craught the resignation in proper form,
to that he might sign it and tnus sever
his connection with the ottlce. The inci
dent was the culminating feature of the
conference of the State Board of Examin
ere this afternoon with the Governor and
the Debris Commissioner, held in the of
fice of the executive. There were also in
attendance the members of the Debris
Commission of the California Miners' As
sociation, of which ex-Congressman A.
Camineiti i£ chairman.
The plane &e originally prepared con
templated the expenditure of $500,000 for
the impounding dams, of which the State
•was pledged to pay one-half and the Fed
eral Government one-half. It was eoon
found, however, that the work would cost
fome JSOO.OOO, and a hitch haa arisen as
to the State raising its additional pro rata
ef Il50,(i00.
The miners are very desirous that a
fii-rt Ehould be made in the matter, and
have urged the State Board of Examiners
to approve the plans at the JSOO.OOO figures,
eo that the necessary land may be pur
chased and the work got under way.
The Sta*e Board of Examiners' legal
province takes in only the appropriation
already made. Under the law it cannot
approve plans entailing the expenditure
of a greater 6Um. afid Governor Gage is
of the opinion that the Board of Examin
ers cannot sanction any plans which
¦would pledge the State to more than has
already been appropriated.
Upon the votes of Governor Ga^e and
Secretary of State Curry the plans and
specification* fo-rwsj-ded to th« State
Board of Examiners and approved by th«)
California Debris Commissioner, John F.
Kiddtr, were approved by the Board of
Examiners; provided, however, that such
Approval does not involve the expendi
ture on the part of the State of a sum
in excess of ?2oO,<X«t, the amount already
appropriated for the purpose, and pro
vided, further, that la- the purchase of
any site or sites contemplated under the
act creating the office and denning tlia
mission of the. Debris Commissioner, the
approval of the State Board of Examin
ers must first be secured and that all
contracts let for the carrying out 6t the
purposes of the act must first be ap
proved by the State Bo&xd of Examiners
and that no warrant shall be drawn in ex
cesB of the amount appropriated by the
act.
Attorney General Ford declined to vote
on the resolution on the ground that he
¦was not satisfied as to the legality of
the action. There wa* no open evidence
of strained relations between the Gover
nor ar.d the Attorney General, but that
the one was not in perfect accord with the
ofher was apparent r>y the studied polite
ness which prevailed.
Governor 1 Gage at one time In the pro
ceedings eald that when the Debris Com-'
rnlssioner had prepared something for the
board to act upon it would be time enough
to consider it. Commissioner Kldder evi
dently did not like the Implied criticism
<^f his action and at the close of the meet
ir.g he asked that the Governor accept
his resignation. This the Governor re
fused to do unless it was presented in
writing. Mr. Kjdder then requested Sec
retary Kevane to write his resignaation
out so that he might attach his signature,
but before this could be done the meet
ing adjourned. Governor Gage, in con
versation afterward, ssid that he did not
mean to give the Debris Commissioner
offense.
The miners' committee to-night met and
eent a telegram on to Washington stat
ing the action taken at to-day's confer
ence and urging the California delegation
to secure an additional appropriation of
IlSO.Of'O. assuring- the delegation that the
committee would bend every effort to
have the California Legislature appropri
ate a similar sum, and thus allow the
impounding dams on the Yuba River to
be built according to the approved plans.
Special Dispatch to The Call
VICTOniA. Doc. 2?.— The steamer Mlo
wera brings advices of a raid on British
possessions by the Tiigeri tribe from
Dutch $«w Guinea. A sqiKid of police rrttt
the pirates from Tugeri at the mouth of
the Morehead River. A fight on the water
ensued. In which the police captured or
sunk five junks. No prisoners were taken,
but it is estimated that more than thirty
were shot or drowned.
There were no casualties among the
Government forces. Afterward the Tusce
ris made another raid on the Mrreheal
P.iver villages, killing fifteen persons.
The Tuperl tribe for years has« given a
great deal of trouble. Six months a«r»
they concluded terms of peace with th*»
British, a most elaborate ceremony belns
carried out on the occasion of the vice
regal visit to the Islands of the straits.
From Queensland the news- was received
that a prospector named P. Klllane hart
been killed and eaten by the blacks whom
he engaged to pack for him. He was
missed, and after some search his remains
were found by the police. They wpr«
much scattered and it was believed tha
blacks had killed and eaten him. From
the evidence which afterward came tr»
light this was proven. He had evidently
made camp when he was killed, having
probably made finds in the vicinity whero
he was killed.
Gold is reported having been found in
Samoa, near Apia, and a company has
been formed there to develop the mines.
Chief Mataafa is becoming restless, and
on December 6 sent an Invitation to chiefs
of the native government in Somoa Invit
ing them to meet him at Muliniti. The ob
ject of the srathertng was not known.
Governor Tllley and Judp* Gurra after
a tour of the islands left Pago Pagt> for
New Zealand.
The Mlowera has news that the ship
Ledore. waiting for a car no of coal at
Newcastle, on December 1st -was caught
In a storm and the wind catching her
port Quarter sho went over. Fortunately
there was but fourteen feet of water
where she was anchored, and her masts
prevented her turning? turtle. The- crew,
thouarh thirteen in number, had a sensa
tional escape from death, many being Just
hauled out of the water rising la th» ves
sel In time. The vessel will be a loss. It
being Impossible to raise her.
F. Killane Is Killed and Eaten by a
Party of Blacks Who Were
Packing for Him in
Queensland.
THE SAD FATE OF A PROSPECTOR
Police Pursue Them, Cap
ture Five. Junks and
Kill Many Men.
TUGERI TRIBE
RAIDS BRITISH
POSSESSIONS
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALX., FRIDAY, DECEMBER 28, 11)00.
Man Who .Feigned Insanity for Many
Years Must Pay Penalty of Crime. \
HUGH BUCHANAN IS FOUND
GUILTY OF MANSLAUGHTER
The Rev. 0. J. Wilkins Will Enter the New
Field in February.
WISCONSIN RECTOR FOR
A los Angeles church
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dainty tijgj&f
Parlor Iptf
Rocker piSsa
Solid mahoff&- vsj
r.y; upholstered ij^r )~m
with relour; **
trimmed with
brass tacks.
Estimates on complete house-
furnishing cheerfully given.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS TILL
NEW YEAR'S.
Free delivery within 200 mile* on 13
worth and over.
BRILLIANT'S,
OPEN EVENINGS,
338-342 POST ST., &£...
DR.MEYERS&CO.
Specialists. Disease § »?^'^
and weakm*s3 oC TOyf ?
men. Established zSji «4Bj/S^
1SS1. Consultation VTct >^£^> lS^
and private book \£jb \x~Sa
free, at office or by n»»y J&Ssi
mail. Cures g-uar- mffhralr^rr*
anteed. 7^1 Mai-- vsv^^K^O'JJf
kftt street (elevator 4>v^»5jkw?!i^
entrance). San
Avisr? OR- JORDAN'S orkat^
tHUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
\ C _' rv - * ~ y— *— » — 1*— 1 Mtihiim hi ui T
* mill »p«a««iu:c««. E«.J££^*i
# S8FI °*- JCflaxt-PSl>ATE DISEASES 5
0 t li 11 V W "W '« B«k. rXLONUPB'V.f 1
ill SSTttKraEF- "2W#
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cur* of GONORRHOEA r.T vvt<*
Price n a bottle. For sale by drasjint*.
CAFE BOKHLSSi
»c Overcoat* and
values checked Xxwk.Charles S. Dunning, a native of Tolo
County, where he was born in 1S70, died
In this city yesterday morning. Mr. Dun
ning was a graduate of the class of 1893.
tTnivercity of California, having qualified
himself for the position of civil engineer.
After graduating he entered the bank at
Berkeley, but failing health compelled
him to resign his position and he went to
Prescott. Ariz. Shortly after his arrival
there he was made City Knglneer. holding
the position until September of this year.
His health pflll continued poor and he re
turned to this city, remaining her* until
overtaken by death. Funeral sen-ices
will be held over the remains this after
noon at 2 o'clock, after which they will
be shipped to Modesto for interment. :
Charles S. Dunning Dies.
Early Closing Becoming Popular.
There is much rejoicing among the re
tail clerks at the popularity of their move
ment to secure , early closing after the
first of the new year. At a meeting of
union No. 432, Retail Clerks'International
Protective Association, last' night at Red
Men's Hall, the executive committee re
ported - that ; they had worked very hard
to secure the agreement of clothiers, hat
ters, furnishers and merchant tailors to
close, beginning January 1, 1901.- and as a
result eighty-five of the leading merchants
have • signified - their intention . to adopt 6
o'clock closing as the rule. * A number of
merchants sent ' communications • compli
menting the clerks for. the . intelligent,
business-like method they, have pursued
in* agitating -\ their . cause. - A committee
from - the; San Francisco I^abor 1 ; Council
was present' and pledged the united sup
port'of. that body in behalf of the clerks.
Quality cf Champagne.
¦Without quality no article can maintain
Its prestige, but G. H. Mumm's Extra Dry
did more. Importing several years back
double the quantity of any other brand.
It this year to Dec. L surpassed all re>
rrds. importing 109,321. cases, or 72.1S* more
than any other brand. Special attention
Is called* to the remarkable quality now
Imported. •
You Will Be Bight in It.
. A special men's vici kid, box calf, seai
skin or kangaroo shoes, i worth $4 to $3,
will be sold 'to-morrow, for $1 S3 a pair.
These shoes are hand tewed, stylish. All
sizes. At the shoe trust sale of the Bee
Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market St., nr.Third.»
Last of the Volunteers.
To-<iay is the thirty-fourth anniversary
ef the return to San Francisco of the last
of the Californians who served as volun
teers during t'je Civil War. The con
tingent, made up of cavalrymen, infantry
men and artillerymen, left the Rio Grande
on the l£th of October, marched to San
P^dro. and there boarded the Orizaba for
this port. They marched to the Presidio,
where in due time they were mustered
out. Th«*y came here under command of
Colonel William M. Ffrench. Of the num
ber of men who returned at that time
Colonel A. S. Hubbard. who is chief clerk
to the commissarj", is> one of the very few
sow in this city.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Loella M. Dailey from Edward C.
Dailey, for desertion; Annie Lamls from
Harry Lamls, for desertion; Julius Henze
from Nellie Henze, for desertion, and Ar
thur A. Mole from May Mole, for cruelty
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Iva Mae Wakefleld against Hiram A.
Wakefield.for cruelty; Robert Fay against
Annie Fay,' for desertion; James Baseman
against Lucy Baseman, for desertion;
Giovani B. Albarello against Marianna B.
Albarello, for desertion, and Lillian R.
Davis against Fred A. Davis, for intem
perance and cruelty. Mrs. Davis asks that
her husband be enjoined from disposing of
his property pending the hearing of the
suit. She says his estate is worth J2O.CO0
and that he is squandering the same in
dissipation. ", .
Aged Butcher Gets Damages.
'¦-. M. Y. Stewart, the Oakland butcher,
who was badly Injured in a runaway acci
dent many months ago, will receive $1230
as balm for his injuries. The Supreme
Court yesterday affirmed the judgment he
obtained in the lower court against the
California Improvement Company. Stew
art was driving along Twelfth street,
Oakland, when t^hc engineer of a steam
roller being operated by the company al-
lowed the steam to escape suddenly ami
frighten his horse. It ran away and th»
aged driver wa« thrown out and" sorioualv
injured. He brought suit to ret-over dnrn
ages. and won in the lowpr court The
Supreme Justices, sitting in department
were of the opinion that the city of Oak
land was responsible, as its steam roller
was being used on its street, and reversed
the case. But the court, sitting in bank,
decided that the engineer had been negli
gent in blowing off steam and affirmed the
judgment of the lower court.
MORRIS GOLDEN WEDS
CHRISTINE WISSING
Handsome Couple Made Man and
Wife by Father Connolly of
Mission Dolores Church.
Morris Golden, one of the most popular
members of the engineer's force on the
United States survey ship Patterson, was
married last evening to Miss Christine
Wissing. the pretty and charming cashier
of Kast's shoe store. The ceremony was
performed at 7:30 o'clock by Rev. Father
Connolly of the Mission Dolores Church,
after which the bride, groom and guesta
repaired to the former home of the bride
at 219 Guerrero street, where they sat
down to a sumptuous wedding supper.
Several hours were spent in tendering
the bride and groom wishes of good. luck
and prosperity and in viewing the many
handsome presents went by their host of
friends. J. McCrystle acted as best- man
and the bride was attended by her sister.
Miss Rose Wissing. , Mr. and Mrs. Golden
will spend several months iff Seattle be
fore returning to San Francisco.
Definite Information was secured by J.
A. Filcher, secretary of the State Board
of Trade, .while he was attending the
Paris Exposition, on a point of much in
terest to California producers. He secured
names and aduresses of merchants in
Europe, South America and Japan who
desire to at once begin to deal In Califor
nia products. The majority of these de
sire to become agents for dried or canned
California fruits, but there are a few who
ere considering the possibility of making:
money out of California ores, cedar for
lead pencils and precious stones. Others
wish to import California fruits.
Mr. Filcher says that he satisfied him
self concerning the responsibility of these
parties. Three who wish to-handle--Cali
fornia fruits aie named for the informa
tion of dealers. The entire list can be
seen at the Szate Board of Trade rooms.
Those in Paris ambitious to promote
the fruit business are: '
M. Henri Los*. < Rue St. Klorentin: V. Mil
let, 8 Rue de Corneille; M. Chesne. 3 Rue «;ha
mounix; P. Brou, 66 Avenue du Bols de,Bou
logne; M. Marquez, Hotel Continental: W.
Werner, 10 Rue I>ord Byron: Hedermar & Zech,
36 Rue de St. Auberse: F. O. Pitz, 28 Rue
Copcrnlc; Justin Etlin. S2 Rue de Ranelagh:
Alfred fimith & Co., C Rue St. Lazare: E. P.
de la Xeuville, 3 Rue tie Bruxelles: H. Lyer et
Mayer. 4S Rue St. Anne; J. Moltaz, 21 Rue
Montorguell.
The following named in other localities
are also interested:
Phillip Galper, Vienna; Fred Tetard & Co..
St. Maur; Julius Ruef. Frelberjr, Germany:
'M. Kconomme. Bucharest, Rou mania; Lionel
E- Orsay. Buenoo Ayr«: M. 8. Bourgeois,
Geneva and Yokohama: II. Zippeliue, Saphun
lea Metz, AtMce-J»rr.iinr.
Foreigners Believe Th«y
Can Make Money in
This State.
Tried Suicide but Failed.
Philip Harmon, residing at 2MJ Six
teenth street, had a lacerated wound on
his head dressed at the Receiving Hos
pital at an »>arly hour yesterday morning.
Harmon, while under the immediate in
fluence of liquor, concluded that gas
would prove an antidote for his intoxica
tion. Seating himself on a trunk in his
room he turned on the gas Jet and after
inhaling a few whin's of the noxious fluid
he rolled over a couple of times on the
floor and called to a young lady inmate
of the place, who in turn notified the
police The patrol wagon from the Seven
teenth street station brought the would
be suicide to the Receiving Hospital for
treatment.
LOOK TOWARD
CALIFORNIA
PHESIDIO OVERCROWDED
WITH COITVAI-ESCENrTS
soldiers well Enough to Travel Are
Sent to Various Harbor
Convalescent Comnany Xo. 3 has
prown to such an extent at the Presidio
that It has been found necessary to trans
fer a r.arabcr of the privates to the vari
ous posts around the liay. The number of
men allowed to each company Is 100, but
eo rapidly have the transports arrived
of late that it has be<;:i made a necessi
ty to increase the .^trtnKth of the only
company stationed at the Presidio to 1C0
men. The quarters allowed the convales
cents at the Presidio are not large
enough to accommodate this number of
men and to relieve the pressure an order
cram issued yesterday by which the com
pany will be reduced to the minimum
Ftrcnpth. As a result of the order fif
teen convalescents will be sent to Benlcia,
Thirteen to Alcalraz Island, twenty-throe
to Fort McDowell ar.U s.x to Fort Mason.
l^ieutcnauts Orin R. Wolfe. V. Chamber
lain and Charles Abel arrived at the PreJ»
Fidio yesterday with 155 recruits from
Fort Slocum. New York. The men and
cftirers were apsigned quarters In the new
camp prepared for the reception of th*
recruits.
Captain V.ilcox of the Sixth Cavalry
met with, a severe accident yesterday
that will confine him to quarters in the
general hospital for some time. In alight
ing from the Union-Street car near the
entrance to the Presidio he slipped and
vas thrown heavily t<> the gTound. Sev
eral pcldiors witnessed the accident and
ran to the assistance of the officer. It
was found upon examination that Captain
"W'ilccx was suffering from a severe frac
ture of the ankle bones of his left lee
It was but a few davs before Christmas
that Captain Wilcox was discharged from
the hospital after several weeks' treat
ment.
Herbert T. Dinsmore, Company A. For
ty-first Infantry, died yesterday at the
general hospital of dysentery.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK. Dec. 28.— The Times sayV:
8peyer & Co. will offer $10,000,000 in South
ern Pacific Company 4^2 per cent gold
bonds, due December 1, 1905, but redeem
able at the option of the company on and
after December 1, 1902, at par and accrued
Interest. The bonds are offered at 96, and
the accrued interest is payable as follows:
$50 per bond on January 7, and $937 50 on
February 1. 1901. a total of $987 50 per bond
of $1000. Payment in full maybe made
at the purchaser's option on January 7,
1901, under discount at the rate of 4>fc per
cent . per annum, against delivery of in
terim certificates Issued by the Central
Trust Company of New York as trustee.
These bonds are a direct obligation of
the Southern Pacific Company. They
form part of the present issue of $15,000,-
OOo secured by '¦ the deposit with the trus
tee of 57,174.000. the face value of the va
rious bonds, and $59,487,000. the face value
of the various stocks or the companies
controlled by the - Southern Pacific Com
pany,, besides' the stock of Wells, Fargo
& Co.- to the amount of $1,530,000, face
value. The aggregate amount of the
bonds at any, one time outstanding under
the mortgage is limited to $30,000,000.
The proceeds' of the 515.000,000 bonds
Will reimburse ; the company for a portion
of its capital expenditures in the last five
years, including the. acquisition of con
trol through . stock ownership of upward
of' 5S0 ' miles of railway and- of the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company, and will
furnish funds > for the improvement of its
properties. . • ' ,.
DIES ON WAY TO WORK.
Mrs. Sarah Folger, Periodical Li-
brarian, Passes Away on
. StreetCar;
Mrs. Sarah Folger, a retired school
teacher and librarian of the Public Li
brary- periodical room, became suddenly
ill yesterday morning on a Geary street
car. She was taken to a Hamilton square
drugstore, but nothing could be done for
her, and a littlo time after she passed
away. The primary cause Is thought to
have been heart disease,. but internal in
juries may have existed, caused by a lall
from a car which she suffered three
months since.
Mrs. Folger, who was u widow, was. on
her way to work at the library when sho
died. For some days she had been,com
plaining of not feeling 1 well, but treated
her condition as being not serious. At the
time she fell from the car Mrs. Folger's
only apparent injury was a fracture of
the arm, which, however, soon healed,
and the case was compromised with the
railroad company for a small sum.
In educational and literary circles Mrs.
Folger was well known. Naturally talent
ed, well read and gifted with an indom
itable energy,. she filled her part at the
library with peculiar fitness, and her loss
will be one severely felt. Mrs. Folger was
a pioneer teacher In Sacramento and had
been connected with the library' for eight
years, five of which had been spent as aa
elstant librarian of the Richmond Library
She resided at 911 Point Lobos avenue!
The remains .will be taken charge of by
K. J. C. Seymour, residing at 730 Eddy
street.
SPEYER TO SELL
RAILWAY BONDS
Pacific Securities on
the Market.
Ten Millions in Southern
STRICKEN AT FRIEND'S DOOR.
Aid but Fell Dead.
William Koch Sought His Host for
Death came suddenly yesterday upon
William Koch, a laborer, visiting at *»
Jessie street. Koch, who was a man of
middle age and a native of Germany, had
come from Martinez, where he resided,
to spend the holidays with Arthur Poisen
at 43 Jessie street.
Yesterday while on bis way to the ferry
to return to Martinez Koch became sud f
denly ill. a"d renting a room downtown
he put his baggage tTKre. Feeling better
after a short rest he left the room to re
turn to the Pcisens, but within a few
paces of his friend's doorway he sank to
the sidewalk and In a few moments was
dead.
William L. Garrison, an expressman re
siding at 2818 Harrison street, had a nar
row escape from instant death last even
ing while driving across the Southern Pa
cific railroad tracks at Treat avenue.
Garrison, with a companion, was driv
ing two horses and when his wagon was
directly on the railroad tracks the gate
keeper. Jerry Murphy, rang the warning
bell and lowered the gates. Garrison was
thus penned In on the track and could
neither go forward nor retreat.
• The whistle of a special southbound
train was heard in the distance, and ere
the two men could reach a place of safety
the engine of. the train struck their wa
gon with terrific force. Garrison's com
panion made a jump for the ground just
before the wagon was struck, but Gar
rison was not bo fortunate. Wagon,
horses and driver were hurled a distance
cf twenty-five feet, striking the ground
clear of the tracks, but in perilous prox
imity to the wheels of the passing train.
The engineer of the train did not wait
to see the result of the collision, but con
tinued on his way. Garrison's companion
and Gate-keeper Murphy hastened to the
assistance of the injured man and found
him In an unconscious state. A telephone
message was sent to the f Seventeenth
street police station and the patrol wa
pon was soon on the spot. Police Officer
J. J. McLaughlin conveyed Garrison to
the Railroad Hospital, where Dr. Alder
son found that the patient had sustained
a compound fracture of the left leg below
the ki-ee. The physician has hopes that
the injured limb may be saved
Police Lieutenant Anderson of the Mis
sion District learned that the train which
caused Garrison's Injuries was a special
bound to the racetrack at Tanfornn for
a load of horses. Orders w<;re given bv
the lieutenant to arrest the engineer of
the train when he returned to the city
Garrison's wagon was smashed to
pieces, but the horses escaped Injury. The
unfortunate expressman is married and
has a wife and four little children depend
ent upon him. . ¦ . • ,
Wanted in Merced.
Irving B.'Snell, representing, the Ivor
inc Company of Kansas City, was arrested
by. Detective Ed Gibson yesterday on
Market street and was locked up 'In the
"tanks"- to await the arrival of Constable
J. M. Smith of Merced. • Snell is wanted
there on a charge of grand larceny m
connection with the sale to a photographer
of a patent for coloring oil paintings, for
$r>f>, for Merced County. Snell says his ar
rest is an outrage and he Is only itoo
anxious to aro to Merced to face hl^ ac
rupcr: The ' patent, he says. Is . his> own.
and he sold the right to the photographer
for the town of Merced only. —
Expressman W. L. Garrison
and His Wagon Struck
by an Engine.
AGED FROG-CATCHER DIES.
Had Lived for Twenty Years on Sand
Dunes.
Amedee Naval, an aged Frenchman,
whose hut with that of a fellow recluse
named C. C. Langven has stood for more
than twenty years on the sand dunes
about a mile north of Lake Merced, died
some time during Wednesday night, his
body being discovered at noon yesterday
by his partner when the latter . went to
rouse him to go about their business of
frog catching, which was the only sup
port they had. Langven walked across
the sandhills to the Ingleslde House, from
which place the Morgue was notified.
Deputies Smith and Meehan drove the
wagon and declare had it not been for
the guidance of Mounted Policeman G. J.
Hayes they would never have "reached
their destination, roads being an unknown
quantity in the sandhill country- As It
was, the trip took them about ten hours.
The hut where the old man lived and
died was bare of even the necessaries of
existence, the chief article of furniture
being a barrel In which the frogs were
kept pending their removal. Absolutely
nothing was found by the deputies which
would give the least clew to the old man's
reasons for leading his lonely life. Lang
ven, his hermit neighbor, was deeply
grieved at the death of his companion in
loneliness, and bitterly reproached the
fate that left him friendless. Beyond say
ing that Naval was a widower he threw
no light on the past of the dead man.
CAUGHT BETWEEN
RAILROAD GATES
FINDS PAINTER A CORPSE.
Floor by Landlord.
John Lunn Discovered Dead on the
John Lunn. a painter employed by the
Union Iron Works and residing at the
Pennsylvania Hotel. 922 Michigan street,
was found dead on the floor of his room
yesterday morning by his landlord, John
Nagle. He had been ov. a spree for some
days and death probably resulted from
alcoholism.
When Nagle sought entrance to the
room yesterday morning and received no
reply he became apprehensive and broke
the door in. Nagle lor, on the floor oy
the side of the bed, from which he had
evidently fallen, whether In an effort to
call for' aid or in a orunken fit Is not
known. The deceased was a native of
Germany.
Cp-pi-^HEODORE F. TABLER. of CaM-
I well. 111., shot himself in the
I tetnple yesterday in the lodging
H house at 301 Leavenworth street.
Mrs. Thompson, the landlady,
and a painter named Sam Snow were in
the next room to that occupied by Tab'er
when they were startled by hearing a
shot. Fearing the worst they opened the
door and saw Tabler laying half way out
of bed. and dying from hi? self-inflicted
wound. , ,
But half an hour before the firing of the
fatal -ohot the landlady lad knocked on
Tablers door, but he told her he was get
ting up and would be ready in a few min
utes. His name was found on his army
discharge papers, which with eighty cents
constituted his sole worldly property.
ON a ?lab at the Morgue lies tho
body of a man found floating off
Lombard-street wharf yesterday
by a boatman named William
Moe,' residing at 1S73 . Stockton
street. The body was in a very bad con
dition, evidently having been in the water
for several days. Later in the .evening
the body was identified by pictures an-1
memoranda in the pockets of the clothing
as that of Edward Feeney, lately: resid
ing at 926 Howard street, and an employe:
of Nolan's .shoe store.
Upon finding the body Moe notified the
officers of the Morgue, and the remains
were removed to that institution. In a
pocketbook on the deceased were stamp
photos of three women, all young and
pretty, and unknown. His pocketbook
also contained a clipping bearing the
death notice of his mother, who died on
January 17 last.
Feeney left his work at Nolan's two
weeks ago, early in the day. He did not
say wh»re he was going nor did he ask
for the salary which- was due him. The
dead man was unmarried and was in his
youth.
B-— EING out of work, deserted on
that account by his father and
penniless, E. L. Clapp, president
of the local Uabor Council, a na
tive of Vermont and a clever mu
sician, turned on the gas in his room at
the Van Ness House, 1S12 Market street,
some time, it is thought, on Sunday night.
He was not found until . yesterday morn
ing, when George Sanee, a painter em
pioyed to paint the roof, smelt the gas,
and the door having been broken open
Clapp was found dead on the bed, evi
dently having been there some days.
Clapp had taken the civil service exam
inations and was number 51 on the eligi
ble list for copyists. He worked for some
little time in the Recorder's office, but
on account of his intemperate habits was
discharged about three months ago.' His
father, who until then had been' sup
ported by his son, then sought a home
with his daughter in Rutland, Vt. Clapp,
whose musical abilities were marked, ob
tained a position in the orchestra of the
Alhambra Theater. His love for drink,
however, lost him this work also. The
last time he was seen by his landlady
was on Sunday night, when he spoke of
his loneliness and depression. Dailv pa
pers found outside his door dating "from
Monday morning point to the fact that
he took his life on the night preceding.
Little of value was found in the rooms,
and the suicide left no note to tell why
he. had sought the other shore. His fath
er's absence,, however, is said by those
who knew him to have weighed on his
mind.' He had carefully prepared for
death, having plugged up the keyhole and
stuffed some holes in the partition: The
remains will be taken in charge by the
Musicians'. Union. -
THREE MEN WHO FOUND LIFE'S BURDEN TOO HEAVY TO SUPPORT AND, SEEKING FREEDOM FROM THE
YOKE. SOUGHT DEATH BY WATER. BULLET AND GAS, HELPING TO SWELL THE LIST OF THOSE WHO
WOULD GO OUT WITH THE CENTURY.
The State; Board of Harbor Commis
sioners met yesterday afternoon fn regu
lar session and a number of important
contracts were let for Work on the im
provements on the water front.
President Kilburn was in the chair and
Commissioners Harney and Ilerold were
also present. Chief Engineer Howard
Holmes. Chief Wharfinger Percy Hender
son and Secretary William English were
present at the meeting.
The most important work transacted at
the meeting was the opening of bids and
the awarding o' contracts for the supply
of cement and the preserving of the piling
of the new wharves from the ravages of
the teredo. A contract was also let for
the erection of a new freight building for
the Santa Fe Railroad, to be located near
the Lombard-street ¦wharf.
Tlrree bids were put In for the contract
for preserving the piles of the proposed
ferry slips to be built north of Lomioard
stroet dock, for. the use of freight, boats
of the various railroad companies. The
San Francisco Timber Preserving Com
pany, the Paraffine Paint Company and
H. R. Rood & Co. were the bidders. After
the bids were opened the Commissioners
went into executive session for a half
hour and then announced the awards as
follows: The Paraffine Paint Company,
491 piles, cn the basis of 32M: cents per
lineal foot for actual portions treated by
the coating 'process; H. R. Rood & Co,,
491 piles, to be treated by the "pile per
fection preservative," at 40 cents per
lineal foot for actual portions coated; the
San Francisco Timber Preserving Com
pany. 10S5 piles, to be injected with ten
pound injection, at 27 to 41 cents, for piles
ranging from twelve to sixteen inches
square. The total amount of the bids
awarded for preserving piles is $33,000.
President Kilburn announced that the
contractors to whom the bids had been
awarded would be expected to live up to
the penalty clause, and that the Commis
sioners -would exact the penaltv for non
fulnllmcnt of the time clause set in the
contracts. »
H. M. Newhall was awarded the con
tract for supplying cement, the amount of
the contract being $22,170. The successful
bid was made at the rate of $12 32 per ton
of 2000 pounds. J. D. Spreckels & Bros.
Co. put in a bid at $14 10 per ton and W.
R. Grace & Co. also bid for the contract,
their price being $13 22 per ton."
Six bids were put in for the erection of
the Santa Fe freight building, the con
tract being awarded to Newsom & McNeil
for $5850.
On the report of the chief engineer the
board ordered the following bills paid for
work completed: San Francisco Street
Improvement Company. $4650 35, for piles
driven on the Steuart-street wharf;
Thomas Egan. for laying tracks on the
sea wall, lots 5 and 6. $1323 25; Hyd^ Con
struction Company, for piling at the Sec
ond-street wharf, $2510 20. The pay roll for
December, amounting to $10,569 50, was
also passed and ordered paid.
Major Long of the United States trans
port service sent a letter to the board
asking that the transport dock at Steuart
street be lengthened fifty feet In addition
to the proposed 200 feet. The matter was
referred to the chief engineer of the board.
The' Merchants' Transportation Com
pany applied for berth room at Jackson
street wharf for their new steamer, which
is to ply on the Sacramento and San Joa
quln rivers. Chief Wharfinger Henderson
was requested to find the desired-accom
modation.
Williams. Dimohd & Co. complained
that they had been charged half-dockage
rates for their thlp Shenandoah for eight
days, when the rate should have been one
quarter. This matter was referred to the
chief wharfinger. ?
It was ordered by the board that the
south side of Lombard-street wharf, now
used for berthing the ferry-boat Uklah,
be placed in condition to accommodate
deep water vessels, owing to the crowded
state of the water front.
Albert Raymond appeared before the
board as assignee of the sub-contractors
who worked for Contractor Wilkle on the
new postofflce building on the water front.
Wilkle failed and his creditors had Ray
mond appointed as assignee to represent
them. Ex-Governor Budd. attorney for
the board, advised that Raymond should
get a "payment authorization" from Wil
kie before the Commissioners could order
a settlement of the account.
It is the Intention of the Harbor Com
missioners to use the rooms vacated in
the ferry buiHlnp by the postofflce de
partment as offices for the Western Union
and Postal Telegraph companies, the Pull
man Palace Sleeping Car Company and
Postal Inspectors Erwin and Monro.
Chief Wharfinger Henderson reported
that the fog bell on Lombard-street wharf
had been repaired and was in proper
working order.
The commission adjourned to meet next
Thursday afternoon at 2 o'clock.
Arrange for Opening Offices of Tele
graph and Sleeping: Car
Companies in Ferry
Building.
Harbor Commission Awards
Contracts Amounting *
to $60,000.
WATER FRONT
TO BE IMPROVED
POLICE BOARD
ORDERS GAMING
LAWS ENFORCED
Scheme to License the Chi
nese Gambling Houses
Is Defeated.
Action Taken In Executive Session
and Three Commissioners Re
fuse to Give B-easons for
Their Decision.
' 1
The scheme, to establish a system of
licensing Chinese ramblers will not be
put Into execution. Last night the Police
Commissioners met in executive cession
and after a brief discussion of the subject
tiiey put their seal of disapproval on It
by instructing Chief of Police Sullivan to
"eaforce all the- laws and ordinances of
the city and county, ard also of the State,
naming to rambling." TLis virtually set
tles the proposition to license, the earn- I
bier* of Chinatown. !
After the rne«tlns: the Commissioners.
o«yocd announcing their action, refused
to discuss the subject.
?"1 have nothing to say," remarked the
Jiex. "I have received my orders and
intend to follow item. You will have
to eee the Commissioners for further In
formation."
Before formal action was taken in the
matter of licensing: the Chinese gamblers
the following communication from the
Young Men's Christian Association was
received:
To the President of the Board of Polioe Com
nlsElorier* of the City and County of San Fran
cisco—Cear Sir: Permit m« personally to com
mend rcu and your associates on the Board of
Polloe Commissioners for v.hat you have al
ready ccne, and to request and urge you to
contlsue the good work and to minimize to the
utoacst extent the evils of cpen saloons, dls-
reputable resorts, corner groceries, poolroom?,
f-i-r-.b-- - houses and otfc«T demoralizing' games
e.r.<S devices The following resolution was
nuanljti'.iusiy a4<?r^3 by us and a copy vu or
dered sent to your honorable body:
"Wher*"&s. The Board of Police Commis
sioners of the city and county of San FYan-
Cisoo 1* tvider.cir.g^ a strung desire to curb,
limit and stop the pernicious canit.hnjr. es
pecijJly in such forms as are particularly tempt
ing to the youth of our city, and whereas, vie
know cl our cwn knowlwige the banetul ef
fects tipen young- men of poolrooms, niekel-in
the-slot tnachit.os aad other gambling devices,
liiercfore lx» il
"lies'lved, Tbat we heartily indorse every
restriction 1 laced ca the iniquity by the hon
orable Board <>f Police Commissioners, and pray
them to continue the Rood work to the extent
of cloetr.e poolrooms and all gambling: houses
«nd banithinit the nicke!-ln-the-slot machines
and all similar devices.
Resolved. That we hereby guarantee the hon
orable Board of Police Commissioners and the
Police Department of this city our heartiest
co-cperation along tlie Ud«s indicated above.
ROLL.i V. WATT, President.
H. J. McCOY, General Secretary.
Just tvbat weight the communication
had in bringing about the conclusion not
to license gambling 5n Chinatown the
Commissioners refused to say.
"We thouerht it advisable not to adept
the proposition to allow the Chinese to"
run their games without police interfer
? ;'!¦«¦, " remarked President Newhall. "and
That is all there is to it. The police in
Chinatown will watch the Chinese gam
blers just as they have been doing, and
if necessary to preserve the law the Chief,
will double the squad ihat is now doing
duty In that delectable quarter."
It is authoritatively said that Commis
sioner "Wallace advised his fellow mem
bera of the board not to adopt the scheme,
as it was clearly in violation of the State
law on gambling.
The Thalia, a resort at the junction
of Market and Turk streets, will be al
lotted to run for thr«»e months more. The
proprietor of the t>lace asked for a re
n*>w;tl o? his license, which was granted j
after rf'iiskiprablr discussion, on his prom
!«-¦ io prevent objectionable females from
vtsitir-K ihc- resort, and also on the prom
ise that ho does not anplv for another
liopr.j-. at thp expiration cf three months.
Similar action was taken on the appli
cation <<f i'harles Kapp. who conducts a
vaud< vill«> show at Golden Gate avenue
pn«i Taylor street.
W. I\ Unwell, who was recently ap
pointed a member of the police force, re
sipn-^d. as his mother objects to his being
a policeman. The application of the Holly
Park and Mission Street Improvement
<*!ub for better polic? protection was re
ferred to the Chief of Police.
THE SAJST FKA^CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1900.
Grim Reaper Busy Amid Men in Various Walks
of Life, Some of Whom He Strikes Down,
Others Seek, Surcease of Woe at His Hands
DEATH CREEPS ON MANY
UNAWARES AND SUICIDES
ARE YULETIDE'S AFTERMATH
The Challenge Is Out.
Wednesday. January the Cd. the great
challenge will take place in this city. *
'. TACOMA, Dec' 27.— Stuart Rice, receiver
of the Tacoma and Columbia River Rail
road, to-day transferred 7 the property ' to
the Stetson Trust 'Company by order of
th*» United States Court. -The price 'pa««l
¦was $17.000. '¦• Th«» road will, now be extend
ed from I^nke Park to the Columbia River
at a point near The Dalles. ¦
5
fPre-Inventory Salcs:|
g To-day and Saturday from c rie-quarter to one-half j
yean be saved on dozens of broken lines, specially bought:*
J ines and exclusive holiday goods. Read this partial list:;*
i — i
I 75c Taffetas 54c. A Flannel Sale |
t To-Day^and Saturday. To-Day zmd Saturday. 1;
j^ About 6oo yarJs o r =i-inch Btack TafF.ta suk, J Printed Flannels — The balance of our iis
«[ that was manufactured cipjesly for under- Urge stDck of grnuinc Vicuna and Cronstadt?
» sk:rt 5 and Immes; a good, heavy, well- Flannelet:«, that wen loc and iz^c »X
J. hmshed, lustr..u!ta'-rc that is an exception- yar d, seasonable dtrk colorings for wrappers,*
ally good va u; a'. 75c pet; yard, on C h p. 'aiU waits— to-day and Saturday at the 'J^i
% sale tc-.^ay and Saturt ay t nly Jt V amazing'y low price, per yard . . ' I C,t
j *» ~~~~~ Imported Flannels — W e closed our'
Jk lL^Q g_^ j| 3? B^ ~. ' from an importing agent a very Urge lot t>i%
•V M m \j?ft S g bLJ^'^I^S mf^^^ ' ll< " av >' S rjd " Colored Flannels rh.if wrrr man- -^
Afrihjl JL Ml A $L^&*&/ i >» f actureJ to sell retail at 20c a yarJ, they arrjg
g htavy weight and wide, meJium coloring?-^
*?. C_.--» XT — /^p-.-^.J-, (tfce same on both sides), in verv piettv-J
5: ior Amas Laras e^s-ati^ than ut.iSm **&qJLz
£ _ ¦ ¦ _ day and Saturday, pe. yarJ y C'-
j: and Calendars. % . ' ' — - ¦;
[S[ — Cvrtain Dep't. Sale.;;
!*; LfqUOr Sale. To-Day and Saturday. 5
i To-Dav Onlv {French Cretonnes— 33 inches wide,:?
1? J /*,""" single or double tacei, brautiful patterns, for**
fc'Zi f-ndsl— Our regu ar 75c quaUty, to- CCa j draperirs, will wa3h and boil, regular srling 1^
£ day, jer ga'.on J Jw : price 25c prr yard, tj-day and Sa:ur- IL^X
tCream Pure Rye Whiskey— Full quart QQ« A Vf 1OC{*
*t botte , to-day ; . . . . 77C Curtains that were $6 Pair, or over — '<*
»D mtilic Porter— A very grod qualt. that Bros eh Lace, Irish Point, Anbhn and Point2
| * {eh. reiuhrlv at $1.2$ •<>• QCp Calais, to-day and Wanes of week — >J
Brandy— Guaraneed a6 yesn tf-| |C UUC V«Uari«r \Jll..%
& oid, r.guiariy Si. 50 bottb, to-dav »Dl.U Embroidered Pillows — Some verv prcttv x
1^ ones lett over irom the large Christmas stock?, "
?, ¥X * C? 1 " not ver y man y °*~ them, but yon will rind^
V JaiVXtd* %y^|l^- them gr. at bargains at the* losing-out price %
I Tn l\*u Ani m One-Qvarter 0IL|
I 1 0-liay Uniy. Fringe and Edjjinas Ior Uphobtjrma-i;
'jBest Oeamerv Butter, the f f 1000 yard; of the ,2 J 2 c and 15c qualities, -5
* , ' 9A MA gf% «->me slightl.- :oiled, to-dav and balance or-2
& regular 50c squares, to- fjfjf, , he week on special jale/per 1 n Q n H
ft' dav only • yard , 0C« JW5
J- ¦:• -V ] ' ' 7 ,%
I Dress Goods Sale Dress Linings 12c** |
i To-Day and Saturday. To-Day and Saturday. -;
V Some extra rd'nary bargains prior to ' Rra ' twenty-cent B!aclc Tatfe-a Sk:r: Linings,^
Staking stock. These prices good until 5 6 in ? h -* widc l !*»¦ 5 ! lk >' b T stIed ftnish ' in j5
?, , . • . -i tour shadings ct nchPe.sianstnpcj, on -fO^X
* closing time to-morrow nght. \ sa!e t0 . jay and &&&£ yard .££¦ J^Q^
|152-inch Camel's-Hah" Cheviots — Our r ' '*
jf regu'ar <i.oo and $1.25 values, in all of the TfJT O * " '%
ft." popular matures— brown, blue, gray, reseda, 00 51 i T K IT^T f% f%*
I "r' 0 :'" " d *M. *s s 69c ! 1 lull VI 1C&3
JK54 and 58 inch Golt Cloakings — All of| ?/%»• Ffii-n#|««r»#1c> rw? «
%• tht popular colorings handsome phid backs— 1OF llUlIUi€UJ> 01 '5
I SgsSp'^SSSSSs European Novelties;!
* robe, reguhny $3 and 53.50 tf«^ • ? ' %
g^ prr yard — to-day and Saturday. , %pCfCi7 r* %. m f^'J* ' i^ *
JRcmnants Black and Colored Dress Gocds ppaCntCl 1 IQI6S 12C.;«
g _wai t, skirt and suit lengths ot this sea- To-Day and Saturday. '?
ft son's most popu ar f*\ rlcs — Venetians, Chev- _ , r u r»_ -t- j- r- . "m
$ iots,Serg fS ;z;belines, Golf Skirtings, Pier- Only 500 of the3c Pretty Tidi.-s-T.o jfa^jj
f olas, Crepon-, etc.- aU bargains at marked otmc,^
if Frices-stlll further relucei-to-day and bal- to wll at =oc rach.bought*
K anceofweek by the fcg «a« .t a pnee which erablrsj*
I One-Third OH. 12CJ
I Special Wrapper Sale. I
J> *j^ Prior to inventory, must reduce At&i '5
• *" w*v stock quickly. The e cut prices j^^^i •*
*1 \£^ arc for to-day and while quantity QfrqM %
; K ' asts - These garments' are prop- n
1^ *^T S^T\\ er^ ma^c and lined, and we have O^\
j $ $mm aiis r- N L|il\ s
*» I V^VrT Assorted $1.00 new Flannelette Wrap- |ii>N «
: J- w/MtUH **" 69c IJT^ '¦•
I V j'/''i|! : lVf Assorted $1.25 and J1.50 new F:ann:l- X, lJ "*
1 ?¦ //-/l illffl * ette Wrappers 95: W *
• ?» //'ilJlMlilV Assorted 51.75 new Flannelette Wnp- A w\ •'
' X /;¦ ' : ' ; H\ pe« $1.19 yj\ j\ J5
. it /!!-•''¦ A Assorted new Flannelette Wrap- / // I \ ft
1 s /w^-^X i* 1 * 5i 4 5 / 7 L \ •;
' i /^/'^T^^vA $ 2500 and $30.00 new T«ilor / / [ \ " S
• *//7.'//' ..^ Dre?se-, SI8.00— Assorted lot of fine <— V '\ \ )|
I Jt V^Vif ;'• ' ¦' ': ¦' 'A y ls~* new '^'• l^ or Dtm?«, in all new shades N. 1 \^ \ «J
• J* '"I * §~>*Z and b'ack, Cheviots, Broadcloth and )^»«"»-^*^ i *^ %
\ Fancy mixtures, gold braiding and plain, jf
• made and lined, net all si*es in every line, but all sizei in the lot, regu- fl*1Q f\f\&
tklirly $ 25.00 and $30.00 — to-day and Saturday -5
h m ;; .-" ; : % 3c
*> • . ,<f
I Cafe, 11 a.m. Sip^ and fro Tea at Cafe,:-?
vto 2 D m ' ™ fioIdcnRule Bazaar. M3 to 5 d m *
ft* w " r* *"* rALIFORNIA'S LAROEST.-AWER1CAS ORA.NDEST STORE "4
¦ *" '%
, UAAAA****** 'A '* AAA'AAAAAAAAA A'AA'A'A'A'AA'A'AA * A 'A 'A*.*AA**AAM* A
THE EMPOBITTBI.
THE EMPORIUM.
fsg SjJK 11 The 55 piano we are h
kM jr y^"^8k £f se l'* n 2 during this sale is Js
il m 11 °^ vvalnut or mahogany, fa
H ifn^k/f^i d&m II II is sold with our rii
a *4 til || guarantee. It is a piano gj
HJ ¦ that will give satisfaction 1 1
H H and a piano you will be ||
HI r m H little evc-ry month. Be- m
H ud^o ww' ¦¦¦ M fore y° u know Jt ths H
H gf &» *ft^ ' fl Piano is all paid for. f^
m II over 100 H
1 i5l 5l S ® en >Curta7 I[ It is said that the Sultan of Turkey ha*
many tastes in common with men in gen
eral. He likes all sport3 and is a good
shot. He collects old and odd weapons.
Is fond of dogs and 13 a splendid horse
man.
On the Santa Fe starts for Ch.Jea** Tns*!**
morning. January 1st. at nine ©"clock, ml
will leave dally thereaft<ir at same hour. It
will n*> a dnplleate of the Limited 0! last Map
eon. except that entirely now equipment ha«
been provided. The Pullman Sleepers eac-i
contain ten sections and two drawing room*.
The Observation Car. with Its wlie plats zl&m
windows, affords unobstructed views cf Uta
surrounding country. All meals en route arn
served in new Dinlnsr Cars, under the man
agement of Mr. Fred Harvey. This sumptuous
I train runs from San Francisco to Chicago in
75 hours. G«t a handsome Folder, descrlbtn^
rt fully, at Santa Fe Offlce. 641 Market streeu
The California Limited
CONTINENTS— E. L., City. The ques
tion, VHow many 'continents are there?"
has never been definitely settled. Europe,
Asia, "Africa, America and Australia have
been^ designated ..as the : livo. continents,
although Australia is sometimes classed
«*.sjn tsbimi. Bv some North and South
CITIZENSHIP— Subscriber, Lumpkln.
Cal. If an alien comes to the United'
States and in" time becomes a citizen by
naturalization, 'his children, If minors at
the time "of • the naturalization, become
citizens by the -act of the father. One
¦who became a. citizen by the act of his
fathe'r can take up Government land. He
must make affidavit that he is a citizen."
If required, he may have to add that he
is such by naturalization of his father.
The fact that a man is a seafaring man
does not exempt him f rom payment_of
poll tax In the State of California. . The
only ones exempt from the payment of
that tax are: Paupers, idiots, insane
persons, and Indians not taxed.
v CO DORADO MININQ MAN—B.,'Sacra
mentoVCal. If a person deslr.es to com
municate with a prominent mining man of
Colorado whose address is not known, a
letter directed to him might be sent to
the State Mining Bureau. Denver, Colo.,
with request to forward to the party
named.
TONNAGE— O. B. S.. City. Gross ton
nage or net tonnage is the carrying ca
pacity, of a ship expressed in cubic tons.
Displacement tonnage as. applied to war
vessels is the quantity of liquid displaced
by - a solid body being placed in it. A
buoyant material sinks to ¦ a level -where
the pressure ; displaced is sufficient to
counterbalance weight. .
MUST PAY POLL TAX-C. L. L., City.
ORANGE CULTURE-Subscriber, Mer
ced, Cal. For the latest California litera
ture on orange culture communicate with
the office of the State Board of Horticul
ture, Sacramento. >
NEWSPAPER RULE— J.T.,Orland, Cal.
Newspapers do not give to any one who
may ask the authority for the publication
of articles. It la a rule of newspapers not
to disclose the source of information.
BY PUBLIC AUCTION— M. P., Oak
land, Cal. Goods confiscated for violation
of the customs laws are sold by public
auction. Such sales take place at no reg
ular fixed date, only when there Is occa
sion for such.
ANSWEBS TO COBBESPONDENTS.
Thq breaking up of great landed estates by legislation*
would be a novelty in Great Britain, though, it has
been accomplished in Australia, in New Zealand and
in Prince Edward Island. Different means were
resorted to. by each of the different colonies, and in
neither of them was t!: a programme of action cxactlv
For an understanding of the full . significance "of
that declaration it is to be borne in mind that Russell
is in close relations to the present Ministry. H e has
served under Lord Salisbury as Parliamentary Secre
tary for the Irish Local Government Board, and has
been always counted on as a stanch supporter of
British conservatism in Ireland? By reason of that
fact his speech is taken to mean a good deal more
than an individual opinion. It has even been .sug
gested that possibly several members of the present
Cabinet agree with him, and that a compulsory land
purchase act for Ireland may be among the measures
brought forward by the Government at the coming
session.
In the recent speech at Antrim Mr. Russell is re
ported to have proclaimed himself a stronger Union
ist than ever, and to be utterly opposed to those who
are agitating for the separation' of Ireland from the
rest of the kingdom; but he went on to say he is not
now and never has been a Unionist "for the purpose
of maintaining an unjust and ruinous land system
that is paralyzing everything in the country and
wearing out the lives of the people in a hopeless
struggle."
ONE of the political surprises in British politics
. is the recent announcement of Thomas W.
Russell, a Unionist member of Parliament
from Tyrone, in favor of a scheme of relief for /Ire
land that in its way is quite as radical as anything
advocated by the extreme Irish party. Mr. Russell
proposes that the Government buy out the landed
proprietors, and then sell the land in small tracts or
farms to the present occupiers. It is a plan to put
an end to the big estates of the past and to establish
iii Ireland that system «of peasant proprietorship
.that prevails in France.
L0ND QUESTIONS IN IRELAND.
The Philippine Islands are already cov
ered with a fairly complete telegraphc
system. Under Spanish rule this prob
ably would not have happened in a thou
sand years.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and pubiic men by th»
Press Clipping Burrau (Allen's^. 510 Mor'
gomery st Telephone Main 1042. • •
Oakland, by authority of state, has a Kentucky
colonel, appointed by the newly elected chief execu
tive of Kentucky. It is perhaps idle to remark that
the officer is congratulating himself that he is out of
range of the duties and consequences of his position.
Townsend's California slace fruits. 50c a
pound. In flre-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern frJendsi.
633 Market street. Palace Hotel building "
Choice candies, Townsend's.Palace HoteL*
Such is the tale that comes of the way in which
justice is working out its revenge despite ; the offi
cial amnesty' of the French Government. The case
is another demonstration that after 'all 'this is a moral
universe, and that in the long run evil does not yield
anything but evil. The fate of the officers who were
most conspicuous in their efforts to destroy Drey
fus has been terrible. Cuignet died in prison and
Henry committed suicide to save himsett from prison.
Esterhazy was supposed to have escaped from danger
and to have gained at least security from want for the
rest of his life. Now comes this story of his wretch
edness and his misery, physical and moral. It is evi
dent the, amnesty r of Governments is not recognized
as valid in the great courts of natural justice.
It appears that since his flight to England Ester
hazy has sunk lower and lower in poverty as well as
in disgrace and shame. In his squalid misery he has
turned to his wife for help, and is reported to have
written to, her a letter in the course of which he says:
"I; have been unable to write to my children re
cently, not having the money to buy a postage stamp.
I am at the last extremity of strength, courage and
resources. I have not eaten for two days, until this
morning in the. workhouse. I have no clothes, am
shivering with cold, and am compelled to warm my
self by entering churches and museums."
It happens, however, that justice has a way of
working out its laws through those revenges which
Shakespeare says "are brought by the "whirligig of
time." France has extended her amnesty to all con
cerned in the scandal 2nd the crime;. the French peo
ple have shown a willingness to forget if not forgive,
and it is the Christmas season, when even the most
iriiserable can draw something of consolation from
the promises of Him whose birth the holiday cele
brates; and yet in this very time joi good humor, if
not of happiness, there comes like a cry from the
depths of utter despair a wail from that Major Ester
hazy who was one of the bitterest of the enemies
of Dreyfus.
SHORTLY before the holidays the French Gov
ernment adopted the amnesty bill, which was
designed by the Ministry to put an end to the
Dreyfus affair, not by doing justice, but by dismiss
ing the whole thing and letting the good and the
evil pass away together. It was a case of letting the
"dead past bury its dead," and from the standpoint
of political expediency was perhaps the best thing to
be done.
THE END OF ESTERHAZY.
New flre-etchcd boxes at Townsend's.'
All new stock of candies at Townsend's.*
Plenty of fruit at Townsend's.
Gerrit Ford, assistant general passenger
agent of the Union Pacific at Omaha, who
has been seriously ill at the Southern Pa
cltlc Hospital, was able to be removed to
the " Occidental yesterday, and he will
probably be well enough to go home next
week. »
ilarry White, former .Mayor of Seattle,
is at thd Palace. Mr.', White has exten
sive mining interests in Alaska. He will
be here a week or ten days.
Colonel H. B. Maxson of the" United
States Geological^Survey, with headquar
ters in Nevada, v is- at*- the, Palace.
J.' Scott Harrlstln, v&o is connected with
the Government .Genial Land Office .-in
Washington, is registered .at the Palace.
C. C. McCray, secretary of the State
Commercial Travelers' Association, is at
the Russ. .
R. B. Brown, a prominent Upper Lake
mining man, is at the Occidental with his
wife.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. A. C. Kilvey of Santa Paula is at
the Grand.
David Starr Jordan of Stanford is at the
Occidental.
Senator John B. Irish of Downieville is
at the Russ. i%f .
B. F. Shepard Jr. of Fresno, an oil man,
is at the Grand.
F. A. Hartman, a Los Angeles mining
man, is* at the California.
A. II. "Denny of Etna is at the Grand.
Mr, Denny is a merchant.
John Sparks, a Reno, New, rancher
and miner, is at the Palace.
Professor M. B. Anderson of Stanford
University is at the California. . ¦ -
Dr. Julius Koebig of Gllroy is among
the late arrivals at the Grand. .
A GAY SEASON is promised' at Hotel del
Coronado, Coronado. . Cal.. 'this winter with a
Jolly houseful, an expert golf tournament, meet
ing of neld, trials club, hunting, nsalng boat
\nz. tlantiiig. tie. 88191
CORRADTE— W. F. B.. Oakland. Cal.
The word corradye In the charges that
were formulated against John Smart, ab
bot of the monastery of Wigmore, which
stood at a point eight miles from Ludlow
in the county of Herfordshlre. England
and which is found in the "Item, that one
Richard Gyles bought of the abbot and
convent of Wigmore a corradye and a
chamber for him and his wife for the
term of their lives." Is to be found In
Murray's dictionary of the English lan
guage on historical lines and means, pro
visions or allowances for maintenance
atlment. pension. Originally it was ap
plied to "the right of free quarters due
from the vassal to the lord on his circuit
but later It was applied specially to cer
tain contributions paid annually bv relisr
ious houses. Sometimes the contribution
might be commuted, and then it would
practically be undlstlngulshable from an
annuity or pension." Plumer in Fortescue
Notes says the word has been but little
in use since the Reformation, and that
the antiquarians of the seventeenth cen
tury dealt with it as obsolete, that it Js
now chiefly a historical term, though sur
viving as the name of some local charity
It Is not true that no non-Mormon or Ontile
has ever been permitted to enter the Mormon
Temple in Salt Lake City. The president of
the church has been urged repeatedly to grant
special favors, but this he could not consist
ently do without hurting the feelings of ladles
and gentlemen whom he would otherwise have
been pleased to show courtesy to. Imnv«Hately
prior to the dedication of the Salt Lake Temple
the non-Mormona of the city, generally to
gether with' strangers who happened to be In
the city at that time, availed themselves of
an Invitation to view the interior of the build-
Ing. Since then its doors have been closed to
all excepting church members in good standing.
THE MORMON TEMPLE— Subscriber,
City. The question in relation to non-
Mormons having been admitted " to the
Mormon temple was submitted to Presi
dent Lorenzo Snow, of the Church of Je
sus Christ of Latter-day Saints at Salt
Lake, and the following is the answer:
WHITEWASH-T. P. G., San Miguel,
Cal. The following is the formula for
making the whitewash that is used on
United States Government buildings and
fences: "Slack one-haif bushel of un-
Elacked lime with boiling water, keeping
it covered during the process. Strain 11
and add a peck of salt dissolved In warm
water; three pounds of ground rice put in
boiling water and boiled to a thin paste;
one-half pound of powdered Spanish whit
ing and a pound of clear glue dissolved in
warm water; mix these well together and
let the mixture stand for several days.
Keep the wash thus prepared in a kettle
or portable furnace, and when used put
it on as hot as possible with painters' or
whitewash brushes."
FROM GOLDSMITH— R. T. M., Chero
kee, Cal. The words "Altama, Torno's
Cliff and Pambamarca's side," in Gold
smith's "Deserted Village," mean the
river Altahama in Georgia, Torno Cliffs
on tho river Torna, which falls into the
gulf of Bothnia, and Pambamarca, a
mountain near Quito.
A CONTRACT— H. F., Nlles. Cal. What
rights you might have against a trans
portation company that failed to take you
to destination, putting you off at a long
distance from that point, would depend
upon what .construction a court would
place on the contract you signed. You
should consult a reputable attorney. -
MT. HERCULES-R. C. S.. Palo Alto.
Cal. The announcement appeared In the
prominent papers of the day in 1SS0 that
iCaptain J. A. Lawson discovered Mt. Her
"cules in the Stanley Range. Southeast
New Guinea, and that he based Its height
as given, 32,786 feet, upon estimates.
I POSTOFFICE REVENUE— Subscriber,
Petaluma; Cal. In answer to another cor
respondent there was published in this
department, under date of December 22.
1000, figures showing the revenue and the
expenditure of the Postal Department
sines 1S65. ¦ — -
America are classed as one continent.
One authority gives as the continents:
Kurope. Asia, Africa, North America.
South America, Australia. Oceanic Islands
and the South polar region. -Modern us
age however, recognizes: Eurasia, Afri
ca, North America, South America, with
Australia classed as both a continent and
Island. The Antarctic continent Is the
name given to a great body of land sup
posed to occupy the South polar region.
It is, then, fairly certain other criminals will be
tempted to intimate the kidnaping of young Cudahy.
There is at present i<i this State no law of sufficient
force cither to deter or to punish. Let us have the
detect in our Penal Code remedied as promptly as
the Legislature can act.
The issue, we repeat, is on? of urgent importance.
It :s well known that criminals arc very subject to
'"suggestive" influences. A notorious crime com
mitted in one part of the country is almost sure to
be followed by simikr crimes elsewhere. For ex
ample, when the case of one woman killing another
by sending poisoned candy through the mails was
reported, there followed several cases of the same
kind, not only in different parts of this country, but
cvrti in Great Britain. In fact, in one British case it
was brought out in the trial that the crime had been
committed without any other cause than the sugges
tion of it to a weak and vicious mini In that case
the person poisoned was an inmate of a poorhouse
who had not an enemy nor a friend in the world, and
absolutely nothing was to be gained by the murder.
The criminal had merely pondered over the crime
committed in this city, had come to the conclusion it
could be easily and safely done, and thereupon had
proceeded to act upon the thought.
American life has hitherto been free and easy for
a!! classes. Our Presidents have not had to go
abroad attended by guards, and the children of our
richest millionaires have been able to go about the
directs to and from school and to 'visit the
l»arks and playgrounds with as much freedom,
fiom danger as the children of ordinary citi
7ens. If abduction go unpunished, however,
there will soon be little safety for the child of
a rich man unless he be guarded every time he leaves
home. To treat kidnapers leniently will be in the
future as foolish as it would be to treat lightly a man
who should assault the President. With the increase.
of our population we have developed many of the
criminal tendencies of the Old World, and we must
against them with all the force and vigor of
American law.
A portion of that <lemand, however, cannot be car
ried out. As was pointed out by The Call yesterday
in a review of the subject generally the law. against
::i)duction in this country is not stringent enough
to «.!cal fittingly with such offenders as those who ab
tmct persons for the purpose of extorting ransom.
We return to a consideration of the Vubject to-day
for the purpose of emphasizing lhat point. In view
vi the tumulus given to kidnaping by the success
of the criminals in Omaha it is imperative that our
Legislature act promptly in amending our law in this
icspect by providing adequate penalties for the com
mission of such ofie-ists.
WHEN Mr. Cudahy of Omaha paid $25,000 for
the release of l;is son from the hands of kid
napers he did what was a perfectly natural act;
but at the same time he gave to the criminals an
encouragement in their crime which will probably
lead to the commission of similar offenses against
other families. That tuch will be one of the first
cficcts oi his action is so clear it has been everywhere
recognized, and in all parts of the country there is
:-.o.v an urgent demand that the evil be counteracted
;.> far as possible by the relentless pursuit of the kiO
rapers until they be caught and properly punished.
th|S: LflW OF fiBDUCTION/
I, sir, had held the old-fashioned notion that schools existed mainly for the
purpose of teaching youth to submit all their passions and emotions to the do
minion, absolute if possible, of Intellect. To shun
The reeling faun, tho sensual feast. V "
And let the ape and tiger die. ' *
"Was the Tennysonian }dea of the aim and end of all education. If the new
education so much vannted reverses all this, small wonder the Hooligan, the
Larrikin and the Hoodlum increase and multiply in our midst.
EDWARD BERWICK, of Monterey.
San Francisco, December 27. 1900.
EDITOR CALL: As a patriotic Callfornian of thirty-five years' standing I
take much interest in the rising generation. Now "nine-tenths of men are what
they are by their education." At least Locke said so. Thus It happens that I
like to frequent conventions where our teachers most do congregate and pick
up educational novelties. Sometimes I run across one. I did so this morning in
the English section of the State Teachers' meeting. Professor Burk of the San
Francisco Normal School laid down as an educational axiom that "emotion"
was to be the ruling power In life; that neither intellect nor will, nor will guided
by Intellect was to control in love, or war, or religion, or apparently even in
our schools.
ALBIN PUTZKER.
INTELLECT OB EMOTION, WHICHP
Berkeley, December 27, 1900.
EDITOR CALL.: Kindly permit me a few remarks in regard to prizes and med
als for pupils of schools. People with most excellent' intentions offer prizes to
children. Many earnest educators who love the young people see this tendency
with -deep regret. -Prizes beget low and materialistic motives and lead to vying
and base competition, to overtaxing the mental powers. The noblest children
often do not participate in this kind of lower ambition and prize winners do
not,, generally speaking, I am convinced, render society the best services when
they go out into the world, where unselfish devotion to high causes, frequently
left unrewarded, should be the guiding star.
- • If -people wish to offer assistance to real education let them help poor and
honest scholars to pay their way through school; let them provide school libra
ries and laboratories with the necessary outfits and thus do a permanent, un
questionable good to all concerned. It is my firm belief that school authorities
should not encourage this evil connected with the giving of prizes and medals.
The true teacher will always know how to hold out a high and noble motive
to the children under his charge. Very respectfully.
PHIZES AND MEDA1S IN SCHOOLS.
FOR PEDAGOGICAL RUMINATION.
Communications Drawn Out After Consideration of the Work
of the Teachers' Convention. •
— Boston Transcript.'
Mr. Chauncey Depew,
'Tis sad, but 'tis true,
That Minister Wu
Is taking your cue,
And soon wiil have two —
His own and the one
He has taken from you.
That was the way the world looked to a newspaper
man when the century began; and looking back upon
the time even from this distance we can perceive that
the view was essentially accurate. There could be no
doubt about France fighting all. That was evident
enough* in the thunder of .Napoleon's guns and the
marching of his restless armies all over Europe. That
Britain was paying for all was a matter of common
fame. Her money was poured out like water to raise
and equip armies to resist the march of the conqueror.
Russia's threatening attitude was not so notable theu
as it is now,, but none the less the threat was there.
Prussia in 1800 was humbugging herself more than
any one else, as we know, since the weakness of her
show of power was revealed a few years later at Jena,
but of course the Boston man could not foresee that
astounding battle that crushed a nation at a single
blow. . Switzerland was not being plundered exactly
in those days, but Napoleon was taking almost any
thing of hers that; he coveted. Spain was actually
doing nothing in any line of endeavor either of peace
or war ui that year, but she had to rouse herself a
little later. Just why the "Germany" of that time
should have been suspected of thinking itself "all in
all" is not clear. It bad been overrun j>y Napoleon
and had nothing to boast of in war, but probably the
Boston man referred to its high intellectual preten
sions in the domain of philosophy and literature.
Finally, the spoliation of the United States by all
was indisputable. Both the British and^ the French
deemed our commerce and anything else they could
lay their hands on to be their rightful prey. In the
end we had to fight the British to protect our sailors
from being dragged off our ships upon the high seas
whenever the British chose. -
In that year the population: of the nations is esti
mated to have stood thus:
Russia 38.140,000
France ; 27,720.000
Germany 22,330,000
Austria .; 21,230,000
United Kingdom ......../ 15,570,000
Italy 13,380,000
Spain 10,440,000
United States 5,310,000
Since those days the world has changed. France
no longer fights, Britain is not' paying for all, and, in
fact, has come to us to get a loan to pay her own war
bills. Prussia has been swallowed up in Germany and
has no longer any international importance. Switzer
land is not being plundered. The United States is
not being spoliated. In one land only has there been
no change. Spain is still "doing nothing."
At the present time the population of the powers
is estimated as follows:
Russia 130,896.62$
United States 76,295,220
Germany 53,000,000
Austria-Hungary 42,660,906
Great Britain 40.559.954
France 38.517.375
Italy 31,000,000
Spain ..- 18,250,000
Such are the national results of the changes of the
century. No single nation is. -now strong enough to
fight all, or pay all, or threaten all, or even to deem
itself all in all, and that fact may be counted among
the good things the century has brought.
THE -ALLS.
France fights all.
Britain pays all. >
Rursia. threatens all.
Prussia humbugs «11.
Switzerland Is. nearly plundered by all.
Spain does nothing at all. "
Germany thinks itself all In all."
The United States is spoliated by. all.
And, lest destruction should come upon all,
May heaven have mercy upon us all.
Amen.
OUR PL0CE IN THE WORLD.
' EXPLORATIONS made through the files of old
newspapers " for the purpose of discovering
something in the way of information concerning
the mental attitude of the people of this country
toward the rest of the world at the beginning of the
century resulted in bringing to light, among Other
curious items, these lines, published in the Boston
Centinel of April 12, 1800:
Wily Chinese Diplomat's Recent After-Din
ner Successes Embalmed in.
The Best Goods.
Our locomotive makers are getting con
tracts from India in the face • of brisk
British opposition. It's the old 'story— the
best {roods for the lowest prices and wltii
the quickest delivery. In other words,
it's hustling progress versus plodding con
servatism.—Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Question of Representation.
The objections to increasing 1 the size of
the House of Representatives are many
and they should have full consideration.
But these objections are neither so nu
merous nor so important as to outweigh
an equable distribution of representation
and peiitlcal power among the States.—
PHILADELPHIA PRESS.
Inducement to Democrats.
.The reduction of th^ representation of
the States which suppress the colored vote
is desirable, therefore, as a matter of ao-«
stract rtfrtrt to all parties and it is <l^sir
able as a means of delivering: the Demo
cratic party from a condition which pre
vents its growth and perverts its princi
ples. Compelled to appeal to the whol*
country, and more particularly to the pop
ulous States o£ the >>orth, for success.
Democrats would have every inducement
to be Democrats and no inducement what
ever to be anything else.— CHICAGO
CHRONICLE.
A Needless Amendment.
Several thousand attempts have been
made to amend the Constitution. If all
these annexes had been tacked on to the
organic law it would by this time touch
everything In the heavens above, on the
earth beneath and in the waters under
the earth. Happily, our national legis
lators, on the whole, have. In their deal
ings with the fundamental law. Intelli
gently discriminated between the tran
sient and the permanent. The project for
an antl-polygramy amendment, being need
less and superfluous, will have a very
short career.— ST. LOUIS GLOBE-DEMO
CRAT.
The Metric System.
The United States was the first nation
to adopt the characteristic feature of the
metric system, namely, the decimal divi
sions, in its monetary system. But in the
failure to take up the decimal measure
ments of weight and space, and clinging
to the arbitrary and complicated stand
ards of quarts, pecks, gallons and yards,
we have lagged far behind the rest of the
world. There is no doubt that the extra
time spent in calculating by the old sya
tem as compared with the easy decimal
calculations of the metric system,
amounts to a seriou3 total in the labors
of this nation.— PITTSBURG DISPATCH.
Always Do Their Duty.
It is lmDosslble for any body of men
to measure up more entirely to the de
mands of their dutv than the American
army and navy officers do. Whethfr
sweltering In the torrid climates of San
tiago or Manila; whether charging forti
fied blockhouses, when all assailants
ought to have been killed, or engaging
ironclad ships armed with runs that
should have sent murder and destruction
out at every discharge, the American
army and navy officer was ready with hi*
life to testify to his sense of duty, ant1
his country's escutcheon would have es
caped all tarnish whiles defended by him
although the peril to him had been a
thousandfold greater than it was.—RICH
MOND TIMES.
Principles of Democracy.
What the «x-Presldcnt says about tho
fundamental principles of Democracy, as
expounded by Jefferson, and the fathers,
may be accented. But the Democratic
party has no monopoly of pure democrat
ic doctrine. Mr. Cleveland and his asso
ciates show an apparent desire to appro
priate the principles of Lincoln. They are
good principles, too. But the trouble with
the Democratic party now, as at almost
any time during the last half of the cen
tury, has been that it persistently graft*
upon the pure Democratic stock a Tot of
business-disturbing issues In the attempt
to rally the discontented In all walks «>f
life to the tattered flasr of Jackson. There
is cause for Mr. Cleveland's criticism, but
the present pitiful condition of the Dem
ocratic party is a repetition of other
stages in its history.— PITTSBURG DIS
PATCH. - '/
Quest for the Pole.
The pole Is the intangible goal of glory
seekers. The aim to reach It may b*»
charged directly with the loss of four
hundred explorers' lives and not less than
two hundred stout and splendid shir-*.
It is a region made romantic by its per;l
and shrouded with the impenetrable veil
of tragic mystery. Men have come from
the search crazed or crippled, but eager
to begin anew. Such is the fascination of
the adventure-
Like an Icy fleece the snowffeM spreads
; And tns Icy founts run free —
And the bergs begUi to bow their hearts
And to plunge and sail In ?he sea.
So runs the song in commemoration of
j Lady Franklin's sorrow. It is a deafly
undertaking and the hearts that face it
are stout. There is a long record of ppril
and disaster to recall. It will not deter
the adventurers. Perhaps the new cen
tury will reveal to v.3 the mystery that
lies beyond the cheerless fields of
Ice that surround the pole.— CHICAGO
JOURNAL.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
Che v -jgel£&«5 <ftdl»,
Friday .'....December 28, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
kilnu All Ceamttlutieni t« W. 8. LEAKE S Hisigsr.
MASAGEK'S OFFICE: . . . . ._ "'^*}^}^^£^T:*_t £^
PIBL1CATIOX OFKlCB...BIarkrt «nd Third. S. V.
Telephone PrecaSOl.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Frees S02.
Delivered t»r Carrier". 15 Centu Per Week.
Single Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by Mull. Including Postneet
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), cne year ..JJ.W
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), t months J.00
DAXLT CALL (Including Sunday). S months 1.50
DAILY CAIX-Br Single Month «5c
SUNDAY CALL. One Year *•»
WEEKLT CALL, One Tear . !•<*
All postmasters are authorised to receive
• nlmrrtiiliona.
EajEple eoplei win be forwarded when requested.
5J»il eabsrrfber? in ordering change of address should be
particular to elv* both KEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE 1118 Ilroadtvar
C. GEORGE KltOGXESS.
Xactgtr roreica Adrertiting. Xarfuett* Boilding. Chicago,
(Lone; Distance Telephone "Central S61J.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAHLTOX Herald Sflnare
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
feTEPHEX B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
XETW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Artorta. Hotel; A. Brectas.es 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
E&ennaa Kouee; P. O. New« Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
\\ ASHIXITOX <D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St.", JT. W.
MOKJON 12. CHAM". Correspondent.
tiRA.M'll OFFICES— C27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:S3 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:80 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 6l£ Larkin, open until.
*:C0 o'clock. 1S41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until' J o'clock, 1CSS Valencia, open
until * o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twcr.ty-Fecond and Kentucky, open until » o'clock.
MINISTER WU TAKES
A CUE FROM DEPEW
It is to be borne in mind, moreover, that in this
case, so far from there being any justification of eva
sive tactics, there is not even an excuse for it. The
Legislature will soon be in session, and if the law*
be prejudicial to public welfare a repeal or an amend
ment can be promptly obtained. To the Legislature,
therefore, the police authorities shouldkhave recou-st.
Let them present their programme on its merits.
Let them explain the benefits, they deem certain to re
sult from it, and then let them ask the Legislature
for authority to go forward with the plan. If that be
done the proposed policy can have a fair trial, but if
an attempt be made to enforce it by evasion it will
be doomed to failure from the, start, and to an igno
minious failure at that.
Whatever view may be taken of the general policy
of license and supervision as against the known de
fects of the present system or lack of system in deal
ing with vice, there can be but one view of the pro
posed evasion of the law. That is something which
cannot be tolerated under any circumstances. While
the law stands it must be obeyed. The obligation is
binding upon every citizen, and upon the officers of
the law the obligation rests with all the responsibility
of official duty and all the sacredness of an official
oath. Bad as affairs have been in San Francisco,
they will become- much worse if the custodians of the
law set an example of violating the statutes either
directly or indirectly.
Perceiving their inability to carry out their pur
posed programme by legal methods, the authorities
arc reported to be contemplating a means of effect
ing it by indirection and evasion. The plan is to have
the keepers of gambling dens, brothels and similar
places of vice arrested each month, to release them
on an amount of bail proportioned to the magnitude
of the place they maintain, have them forfeit the bail,
which will then pass ;nto the city treasury, and thus
obtain for themselves the privilege of carrying on
their trade under police supervision. The bail money
forfeited monthly will be equivalent to a license fee,
and virtually the licensing system will have been es
tablished. ' '- ~»r :,
It has been calculated that the revenue to be de
rived in that way would amount to something like
$100,000 annually, and that in addition there would
be the saving of a large expenditure now necessary
to control vice under the present plan.
Section 330 of the Penal Code, to which the section
quoted refers, forbids gambling games and the main
tenance of • gambling ' places. So far, then, as
licensing gambling is concerned the policy now under
consideration by the police authorities is out of the
question.
Section 337 of the Penal 'Code says: "Every State,
county, city, city and county, town or township of
ficer, or other person who shall ask for, receive or
collect any money, or other valuable consideration,
either for his own or the public use, for and with the
understanding that he will aid, exempt or otherwise
assist any person from arrest or conviction for a vio
lation of section 330 of the Penal Code; or who shall
issue, deliver or cause to be delivered or given to any
person or persons any license, permit or other privi
lege, giving or pretending to give any authority or
right to any person or persons io carry on, conduct,
open or cause to be opened any game or games which
are forbidden or prohibited by section 330 of said
code; and any of such officer or officers who shall
vote for the passage of any ordinance or by-law giv
ing, granting or pretending to give or grant to' anv
person or persons any authority or privilege to open,
carry *bn, conduct, or cause to be opened, carried on
cr conducted, any game or games prohibited by said
section 330 of the Penal Code, is guilty of a felony."
Whether such a policy would be good or bad in
this city is a question in the 1 ' general problem which
will have to be postponed until another is settled.
Under our laws no r-uch programme can be legally
carried out. It is indeed expressly forbidden.
It is claimed for this policy that it enables a muni
cipal government to control vices which it cannot
wholly suppress, and thus to destroy much of their
evil. It is argued that the plan will put an end to the
bribing of policemen, to blackmail, to the spread of
vile diseases, and drive put of the domain of vice it
self those who carry it to the extent of crime or to
loathsome excesses.
rOR some time past the police authorities have
been formulating for the control of vice a
policy not before practiced here but which has
been tried elsewhere with what are said to be good re
sults. The policy virtually consists in licensing places
where vices are practiced, thus rendering it more
profitable for them to operate under police super
vision than to carry' on the trade otherwise.
TH£ POLICE 0ND THE LAW
the^ame as that which Russellproposes for Ireland.
The intent, however, was the same, that of taking
the land out of the hands of nSen who did not make
right use of.it and placing it in those who could be
expected to develop it to the uttermost of their means.
Consequently Russell has , ample. precedent fpr, his
proposed programme and may' succeed in procuring
its adoption. \
THE SAN KRAjSTCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1900
The Call, while Inviting communications -on subjects of general Interest,
does not hold itself responsible for the views of the writers. "
.j The British are right as far as they go in saying the
war in South Africa is all* over, but they, do not go
far enough. They should say it is all over the country.
Lord Salisbury recently told the British people that
the welfare of the empire was more dependent upon
the proper housing of workingmen than upon foreign
wars; and accordingly 'it appears the old man occa
sionally has lucid intervals in which he talks sens;
that is all wool and a yard wide.
Governor Pingree of Michigan gave a dinner the
other day to the dignitaries of the legislative, judicial
and executive departments of state, and the response
was the absence of irr/ited guests. Even in dispensing
wine and the other good things of life a man may
discover that he is not the whole show.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
By&nd by there will be a sure
cure; it will make a big noise
in the world when it comes
.WeH| send yon a little to try i f you like.
SCOTT &UOWNE. .»*» Tear! street. New York.
/
known.
Your chance is better with
Scott's emulsion of cod-liver
oil than with anything else now
We don't say it will cure it.
Sometimes it does; sometimes
As experience stands, the
most promising way to treat an
old settled rheumatism is: to
set up the general health.
Whatever makes health, in
other respects, is good for
rheumatism;
RHEUMATISM
AUCTION SALES.
By. Vm. G. Leynjs— Saturday. December 23. at 12 o'clock,
Esrehcrses. at Tanfcran Ractrack.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Masquerade Ball, Monday evenlnc. De-
cember -!.
Mrtrcj^luan T<rni !e— Tale Glee and Banjo Clubs. Thursday
• it.! 11;, January 3.
AMUSEMENTS.
AVazar— "•Xauchty Anthony."'
lY-lumbia— PrimroEP and DocUstader Minstrrii.
'Jivoli— "Oifldeit-lla."
• Yntral Theater— "The Heart of Maryland."
California— "At the White Horse Tavern."
Oixheum — V«iude\1lle.
<;iai-.i uiH-ra-house — "An Officer of the Second."
A!hatnb:a-"\Vhy Smith Lett Home."
<>l\niiia. c rner Ma&m and Dddy streets— Specialties.
Ohulof. Zoo and TTieater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
eernl<cr SL
Hsfiw'i- Vaudeville.MEMBERS OF THE CALIFORNIA TEACHERS' ASSOCIATION VIEWING THE MANUAL TRAINING EXHIBITS OF
PUBLIC AND TECHNICAL SCHOOLS IN THE GYMNASIUM OF THE MISSION HIGH SCHOOL DURING THE
FORENOON SESSIONS OF VARIOUS DEPARTMENTS " OF THE ORGANIZATION.
The Original Little Beneficencla Publica
Company o? San Francisco, Organized
.September, 1893. Numbers for De
cember 27. 1900.
No. 49.07S wins $37£0. sold in San . Francisco;
No. €9,218 .wins ; $1250, sold in ; San ; Francisco;
No. 75,197 wins $625, ~ sold in San Francisco ' and
Fresno; No«. 20,292, 21,031. 30.497. 85,906, 74,653
each win $62 E0, eold in San Francisco and
Sacramento, Cal. 1 .--, •
.The Federation of. Mission Improvement
Clubs has petitioned the Board of Super
visors -to provide adequate police protec
tion In the district south of Bernal
Heights.. Attention is called to the recetit
wrecking of the house of J. J. Laumeister
on Andover street by a gang of roughs.
The . club asks that one patrolman for
Cortland avenue and one for the other
streets be detailed.
Requests Police Protection.
Man during the war; she ceded Florida to
Great Britain, and In compensation for
this loss she received from France th«
Island of New Orleans and Louisiana west
of the Mississippi.
2. France— To France the treaty was one
of the most humiliating In her history
She lest her merchant and her military
marire, and with her hopes of empire In
India she surrendered Canada to England
and Louisiana to Spain and retired from
the continent of North America,
3. England— The treaty exalted Britain
among the nations. She won for the first
time her world empire. .Besides giving
her unrivaled sea power and her empire
in India, the war gave • the . realizations
of her most sanguine hope* In America.
She received Canada from France and
Florida from Spain. Now, without a rival
to Britain from the Atlantic to th* Missis
sippi it was apparent that America was
to become English. The great outcome
of the war for America was that the
English colonies were no longer between
the upper and the nether millstones. Thev
were relieved from fear of th© Spanish
power on the south and of the French
power on the north, and they were ready
for expansion -westward. "By removing
an enemy," says the English historian
Green, "whose dread had knit the colo
nists to the mother country, and by
breaking: through th<? line with which
France had barred them from the basin
of the Mississippi. Pitt had laid tho
foundation of the great republic of tha
West." JAMES A. WOODBURN.
Indiana University.
When the Anglo-Saxon -frontier line
moved westward • according to natural
laws of migratlorrand came Into. contact
with the French forts building on the up
per Ohio the conflict between these two
forces was inevitable. The issue of the
conflict was doubtful until '• Wolfe's vic
tory at Quebec in 1759. This decisive
"Seven Years' War" began, as Frederick
lh« Great ea Id. "over a few miserable
huts on the upper Ohio, cost humanity a
million men and gave to Britain an em
pire In America." '• - _~ ..-
The half century of conflict which Park
man has so brilliantly described, anfl
whichfwe have so far spoken of as a
single movement, has generally been de
scribed In American history, under four
distinct intercolonial wars: (1) King Wil
liam's war. from 16S3 to the peace of Rys
wiek'ln 1697: (2) Queen Anne's war, from
1701 to .the peace of Utrecht in 1713. or the
war of ¦ the Spanish Succession; (3) King
George's war. from 1744 to the peace of
Aix-la-Chapelle in 17i8. preceded by the
Spanish war begun In 1739; (4) the "French
and. Indian war," or the "Seven Years'
War," from 1756 to 1783, closing with the
made sood by occupation or vindicated by any
exertion of power. The English colonies were
strcng in numbers, but their numbers could
not be broucht into action. The French forces
were small, but they were vigorously com
manded and were always ready at a word. Jt
was union confronting division, energy con
fronting: niathy. military centralization opponed
to industrial democracy: and for a time the ad
vantage was all on one side." «Parkman.
"Half Century of Conflict." Vol. II.. p. 85.)
MAP OF NORTH AMERICA IN THE TEAR 1750, SHOWING THE CLAIM9
TO SOVEREIGNTY OF VARIOUS NATIONS ARISING OUT OF EX
PLORATION AND OCCUPANCY.
Senator J. C. Sims of Sonoma, chairman
cf the Democratic State Central Commit
tee, has issued a call for State committees
to mefct at the California Hotel, San
Francisco. January 5, 1901. The reason."
assigned for calling a meeting so early
in the century is that the welfare of the
country demands that the leaders of th*f
Democratic party shall come together for
earnest consultation.- The real purpose In
view is to provide ways and 'means for
raising the sum of $2600, that being the
amount of the committee's. indebtedness.
The creditors are said to Be clamorous.
Democratic State Committee.
James A. Barr of Stockton was nom
inated, but he withdrew. President David
Starr Jordan of Stanford University was
nominated, and In his absence Professor
Cubberly of Stanford withdrew his name.
State Superintendent of Schools Kirk
withdrew President Wheeler's name, and
Mr. Faulkner's election was made unan
imous. . '-'¦
The president-elect Is a graduate of the
University of Illinois and is principal of
the Franklin Grammar School. He has
been a member of the California Teach
ers' Association for twenty-two years.
O W. Erlewlne was re-elected first vice
president and Edward Hyatt of Riverside
•was chosen as Mr. Faulkner's successor
as second vice president. The other of
ficers were re-elected, as follows: Mrs. M.
M Fitzgerald, San Francisco, secretary:
Charles C. Hughes, Alameda. assistant
secretary; Frank F. Bunker, Berkeley,'
railroad secretary; Philip Prior, San
Francisco, treasurer. i'^fit'^ 8 .1
The executive committee of the council
of education hold a meeting at the Mis
sion High School in the morning and
elected Frederic L. Burk of San Fran
cisco J. W. McClymonds of Oakland and
james A. Barr to fill vacancies on the
committee caused by the expiration of
terms. TJie council will complete Its work
to-morrow morning. _
The Department of Manual Training and
Drawing met at 9:30 o'clock In the gymna
sium of the Mission High School. Exhibits
of the work In wood, iron, cloth, plaster
and other materials of the pupils of the
California School of Mechanical Arts.
Wllmerding School. Polytechnic High
School San Francisco public schools,' San
Jose State Normal School. Lincoln Even-
Ing School. Alameda schools, Central
School of Oakland and the Throop Poly
technic Institute of Pacadena had been
arranged in the gymnasium, forming a
most effective lesson in the concrete of
what the schools of the Ctate are accom
plishing in the direction of learning by
doing Few of the teachers failed to view
the exhibits, and hundreds of other vis
itors inspected them.
James E.' Addlcott of the San Jose State
Normal 8chool presided at the meeting of
the Manual Training Department. Walter
A Tenney of Fresno read a paper on the
"Relation of Drawing to Manual Train
ing " Charles P. Nielson of Alameda gave
an address on "Color Work in the Public
Schools," after which there was a discus
sion of the question, "Should the drawing
taugnt In the public schools tend to the
industrial arts or the fine arts?"
H M. Bland of San Jose was chairman
of the Department of School Adminis
tration. C. W. Childs of the - San Jose
State Normal School presented the report
of the- committee on examinations, and
Joseph O'Connor, principal of the Mis
sion High School, presented the report of
the committee on school supervision.
These two reports were the subjects of
discussion during the meeting.
At the meeting of the Department of
Classic and Modern Languages, of which
Profeseor Julius Goebel of Stanford "Uni
versity is chairman, the .following, papers
•were read; "The Attainments of the Pre
paratory Teacher of Latin." Professor E.
M. Pease l of~8tanford University; "Ho-
rfTpia ¦¦ mill 11 11 1 li ibiiiii ii ' Ml 1 '1 \ iiiTiTi nil ii-| r.i 11111 1 1 1 ¦ C
Mr. Faulkner's name was the first pre
sented to the convention. President Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler of the University of
California was nominaied, and Mr. Faulk
ner at once withdrew his own name. Some
one asked if. President Wheeler, was a
member of the association, and was in
formed that he was. Another objector in
quired if President Wheeler had given
permission for his name to be placed in
nomination, and it was learned that he
had not. A motion to r.uthorize the sec
retary to cast the ballot for President
Wheeler was lost, and nominations were
reopened.
The election of a president for the en
suing year, nearly resulted in a diversion
from the programme. Richard D. Faulk
ner of San Francisco had been looked
upon as the probable choice of the con
vention and he was elected, but only after
a spirited contest, that was settled with
out resort to balloting.
Ix>s Angeles and Pacific Grove were nom
inated. Pacific Grove was chosen by a
vote of 82 to 20.
The various departments will hold meet
ings this morning at the Mission High
School. At 1:30 p. m. a general session
will be held at Metropolitan Temple.' Da
vid Starr Jordan will deliver an address
on the "Hopes of Japan," and Dr. Charles
F. Thwinp '.will deliver his last address
before the association on the "Tools and
the Man."
Next week the century"dles and the work of
many of you Is to be a work In the first quar
ter of the twentieth century. This new time,
it seems to me,- has three or four fundamental
suggestions. It is to be a century distinguished
by its freedom in education. That Independence
will take two forms, freedom In point of time
and freedom In point of subject. I think we
are to see greater flexibility In education.
I do not say it is so in California, but in
general the weakest point in our school system
l< the school commlU-e or school board. (Ap
plause.) I shnll be glad to know that here
and elsewhere influences are at work that will
place the expert in charge.
There Is to be a greater struggle within the
in xt one hundred years, more prolonged, more
intense than the struggle of "6l-'«5. I will not
sty of class against class, but of those who
ff-el themselves oppressed and crushed against
those rf happv circumstance. The result will
rtf pend upon th? Justice, the self-control of the
boy* that we train. The mightiest force to
maintain the republic is the pure heart and
rtrntiE mind and character of the American boy
and Blrl. - . * "
This is a wonderful century. It seems to me
In many respects. Wonderful In the increased
nrpreciatlon of education. We have come to
realize that education is the most important
profession of mankind. Within this time has
occurred a great growth in the oneness of edu
cation. The one principle of the elevation of
craracter has developed: oneness in method:
or.eners in system. But also with this there
has occurred a vast differentiation In educa
tion. A school for the doctor, a school for the
If.wy»i>i a school for the minister has been es
tablished. Also there has been a wonderful
enlargement, occurring In several fields. It
has occurred In the technical school and in the
education of women. Enrichment in education,
as well as enlargement, has been a part of the
century's growth.
rendered several numbers. Harry Abbott
gave a cornet solo, and Miss Dora. "Galla
gher sar.g n soprano solo.
Dr. Charles F. Thwlng. president of
\> , cstern Reserve University; delivered an
address on "The Retrospect and Prospect
in- Education." He said in part: •
The teacher who is all the time bent on
Impressing -morals upon . his pupils by having
the ethical virtues present In his own charac
ter will succeed in his purpose. Most of th«
benefits . that come to us : come Inadvertently.
ThG : man " who walks : a ' mile before breakfast
because his ; doctor * says • it .- will > do his health
good does not get, half: the' benefit from it as
the man who. walks four miles across the hills
to see the woman he loves.
: At the evening session an orchestra-un
der, the direction of : Charles :M. Wigein
I wish that ministers might . devota some of
their time to child training- instead of all of
It to the preparation *of sermons. to adults who
have already had ten times as much advice
preached at them as they will; ever ; follow; > J
Moral training in the schools should be main
ly incidental. I would stand .up squarely
against any propagandism In . the schools
Proper moral culture, must ' be reached In the
teaching of history, of literature, of science
and not in the formal lecture on morals and
ethics. ' HPttmPbeW' '
• There Is a. strong rtemand'.now that "educa
tion shall have a moral bearing. Taxpayers"
are demanding this. They are becoming tired
cf paying. so much on account of crime. You
had all of these criminals, practically all of
them, in your, schools once. "We ministers had
a chance at some of them, but nearly all of
them rams to you. So there is an increasing
demand that the schools Bhall exert a greater
moral Influence. . ¦
I cannot talk to you from practical experience
for I have never taught school a day in my life
but I have always felt that my farm lay next
to yours— that our purposes were In the main
identical. -
Rev. Charles Jl. Brown* of Oakland de
livered an address on "Moral Influences
in Education." He said in part:
A recognition of the. truth of these consider
ations, namely, that artiMie works, if in too
Krrat numbers In a schoolroom, divert atten
tion from the main RUbjecta studied and have
a tendeny to Impede growth . In constancy of
purpose or character, would result In not ex
hibiting many works of art during the hours
that the severer and more direct training Is
carried on. On the Other hand, some of theSn
consideration* would lead to tha putting up of
a larger number In halls and rooms ilsed by
the pupils in their leisure hours. Such pic 1
tures and casts *ould rest the pupil by remov
ing the mental strain of the classroom through
breaking up old and Martins new trains of
thought: they would teach him to carr»- on
several lines of thought nearly simultaneously
when necessary, a useful acquisition, though
by no means so useful or »o necessary in prac
tical lifo aa the ability to concentrate on a
particular. line of thought. ,to which the school
should direct Its main efforts: they would en
large a pupil's knowledge and sympathy with
different phases of life: they would lead him to
form tho habit of turning to refined pleasure*
in his leisure, hours: and throuph properlv
chosen subjects, they may be made to create
that attitude of mind most favorable to the
Intellectual work which Immediately follows
recreation periods. ' ,
Miss Effle B. McFadden. Miss Ora Bor
ing, Miss Ellen Gibbs, Miss Bertha Chap
man, MIfs Helen Swett and "W. J. Oster
hout rea,d papers before the Department
of Nature Study. The Department of
High School Science listened to addresses
by F. W. Koch, W. J. V. Osterhont and
Professor George M. Richardson of Stan
ford University.
At the general session in the afternoon
Miss L.illle J. Martin, assistant professor
of psychology at Stanford University, de
livered an address on "Schoolroom Deco
ration From the Standpoint of Psychol
ogy.". The keynote of her address was
sounded In the following paragraph:
Before the Department of Child Study
addresses were made by Frederic Burk,'
C. C. Van Liew. F. II. Clark. Walter
Nicholson, Frederick Slate and E. N. Hen
derson.
Professors Cubberly and Starbuck of
Stanford University gave addresses before
the Department of Kindergartens, and
Professor Cubberly and Professor E. E.
Brown of the University of California ad
dressed the Department of Music.
The Department of English listened to
addresses by T. L. Heaton. C. B. Bradley.
Miss A. E. Packard. Miss Josephine Bris
tol, Mrs. E. E. Greenman. Miss Lule L..
Taft and A. H. Suzzallo.
terburn of Stockton; "History In the Low
er Grades According to the New 'Courses
of Study' for San Francisco." Professor
Elluood P. Cubberly. Stanford Universi
ty. Miss A. T. Campbell of the Broadway
(irammar School gave a "demonstration
lewon" to a class of eighth grade pupils.
Addresses by Mrs. R. H. Hazleton and,
Mrs. Virginia Troyer of San Francisco
were given before the*Departm^nt of Re
cclvlnp Class "Work.
The Department of History, of /which
Professor George Elliott Howard of Stan
ford University is chairman, listened to
the following papers: "History In the
Grammar Grades," Mrs. Rose V. Win-
In the Department of School Hygiene
W. H. De Bell of Berkeley read a paper
on "Systems of Ventilation," and Dr. Ed
ward von Adolung one on "Medical In
spection of Schools."
¦
meric Hiatus," Professor E. B. Clapp,
University of California: "The Teaching
of Elementary Latin," W. Scott Thomas,
principal Merced High School; "The
Teaching of Greek Prose Composition."
Professor A. T. Murray of Stanford Uni
versity.
THE second day of the meeting of
the California Teachers* Associa
tion was crowded full of work. In
the forenoon the various depart
ments had separate meetings at
the Mission High School, nearly all of
them largely attended, and in the after
noon- and aga'in at night Metropolitan
Temple was well filled for the general ses
sion?.
The first subject of attention at the busi
ness meeting at the beginning of the aft
ernoon session was the choice of a meet
ing place for the next annual convention.
Richard D. Faulkner of San Francisco Chosen
President for the Ensuing Year and' Pacific
\ Grove -Wins the Next Annual Meetinq
These colonies had Indefinite claim* west
ward to the Pacific, "claims to vast Interior
tracts, founded on ancient grants, but not
"On the maps of British America In the early
part of the eighteenth century," says Parkman.
"one sees the eastern shore- from Maine to
Georgia garnished with ten or twelve ooloreti
patches, very different In shape and size anu
more or le«s distinctly defined."
First should be noticed the respective
claims of the two nations and the founda
tions upon which these claims rested.
The treaty of St. Germain (1632) had rec
ognized the French as In pdpsesslon of the
St. Lawrencrt and of Nova Scotia and
New Brunswick, substantially as de
scribed at present on our maps. In 1637
Iberville had settled lower Louisiana.
The explorations of the French Jesuits
had given claim to the basin of the Mis
sissippi. To connect Canada and the
mouth of the St. Lawrence with Louis
iana and the mouth of the Mississippi by
a chain of forts along the inland lakes
and rivers was the French design. By
1700 this had been largely accomplished,
and it was supposed to guarantee French
possession. As for the English, they were
to be hemmed in east of the Alleghanles
on the Atlantic coast.
While this struggle for dominion In the
New World from 1690, when France seemed
so dominant, to 1783. when she finally re
tired from the continent of North Amer
ica, may be looked upon as a continuous
and single struggle to be studied as one
movement, it will still be necessary to re
gard the struggle and its outcome some
what In detail.
At the close of the seventeenth century
France was at the zenith of her power. It
was the age of Louis XIV. In a wonder
ful array of great names produced In a
half-century of that, exceptional reign
none stands hif,her for distinguished ser
vice to the state than the name of Col
bert. No Frenchman ever did mor,e for
the expansion and glory of Franc* than
Colbert. He was the great colonizer of
France. . Probably no other Continental
statesman, If we except Prince Henry of
Portugal, ever made colonization so dis
tinctly a part of his policy or had plans
so sagacious and far-sighted. Colbert in
creased the French navy within twenty
years (1660-1680) from thirty to 176 ships;
he saved from waste and corruption &),
000,000 of the revenue of France. Besides
urging a policy of peace^ and production
at home, he encouraged and sustained the
designs of Frontenac, MArquette, Jollet
an<\ La Salle for the upbuilding of New
France. It was largely through Colbert's
influence and statesmanship that the
French by 1690, besides their well ground
ed hopes for empire* In India and their
power in Cayenne and the West Indies,
had in North America. Canada. Cape Bre
ton, the fishing banks of Newfoundland,
the mouths of the Mississippi and the St.
Lawrence and inland Louisiana. France
held America by 'the mouths of Us great
rivers. With the English colonies mak
ing but a fringe on the coast, it might
well have been concluded by the reflective
historian of that day that America was
to become French.
(b) At the end of the period <17S*-1S15)
tha international strife arose from the
French revolutionary influences in the
danger to the balance of Europe from the
ambition and dominance of Napoleon.
Though we had achieved our political In
dependence at this period. It was with the
greatest difficulty that our neutrality wa3
maintained for a while, and. finally, in
spite of our oassion for peace, -we were
forced into conrlict with one of the Euro
pean combatants.
(c) But the great cause of this second
"Hundred Years' War," that lasted
throughout so much of the eighteenth
century, was the rivalry between France
and Britain for dominion beyond Europe,
especially in America. It is with this in
ternational strife for the control of ter
ritory in America that our present lesson
has to do.
(a) At the becr'nninr of the period (16SO.
1713) war came from the 'efforts of France
to upset the balance cf power in Europe.
Louis XIV was attempting to abolish the
Pyrenees by placing a Bourbon on the
throne of Spain, thus uniting the crowns
of France and Spain under one control.
•two nations were ccntinuously at war for
more than sixty years. There were, three
distinct causes for the century of strug
gle:
When William III came to the throne of
England (1688> and became involved In the
a flairs of Continental Europe because of his
opposition to the ambitions of Louis XIV
there began what has been called another
"Hundred Years' War" between England
and France. Beginning with King Wil
iiam's war in IKK), there was a protracted
struggle between these two nations, with
only Intel vars of interruption, untS! Wel
lington sheathed his sword at Waterloo
arid Napoleon had gone to St. Helena. In
that long period of more than 100 years,
while there were varying intervals cf
truce and breathing r.pells of peace, ihe
1. Spain— She secured the restoration of
Havana and Cuba, captured by the Eng-
The causes of the Seven Years' "War,
eo far as America is concerned, have been
indicated by what has already been writ
ten. The outcome of the struggle la to be
seen by a study of the great treaty of
Paris of 1763. This treaty has been prop
erly pronounced the greatest treaty since
that at Westphalia (1<H$) established the
balance of modern Europe. It marks an
epoch In universal history— a turning .point
not only in the history of America"; but
in the history of the world. Of the war
which It closed. Green has said with sin
cere eloquence that "three of its many
victories determined for ages to come the
destinies of mankind. Quebec was ona
of these thre<» victories, arfd wtth Wolfe's
triumph at Quebec began the history o?
the United States." We can here but
briefly summarize the situation in which
this treaty left the territorial possessions
of the leading Eurouean states in Ame;
ica:
In 1739 began the Spanish war— a war
that is but little noticed In our books and
that has almost passed out of the mem
ory of men. It is remembered now chief
ly by the story of Jenkins' ear. It aros#
over the disputed boundary of Spanish
Florida and the claims of the Spaniards
to tho right of search In the Spanish
main. Spain was protecting her legiti
mate trade monopoly with her colonies
by drastic processes, and Jenkins dis
played his severed ear In parliament aa
proof positive of such Spanish cruelty and
aggression as called for vengeance and
war. The war led to a war with Frances
Louisburg, captured by the New England
ers, was restored by the truce of 1743, and
the rival nations were facing one anoth
er for the final struggle.
3. The treaty of Utrecht declared tha
'Five Nations," the famous Indian con
federacy of New York, to bo subject to
the dominion of England. This gave r!sa
to stupendous English claims. Did this
dominion carry with it dominion over tha
Indian lands? The English insisted that
the allegiance of the five nations carried
not only the Indians' own hereditary ter
ritories, but also all the regions of Iro
quois conquests; that is, all west of th«
Ottawa River and the Alleghanles to th*
Mississippi. This, of course, would break
through the heart of New France, and it
was a claim that could be admitted by
France only on the ground that she had
no possession In America that she could
hope to defend. BKS3B
Thus it will be seen that the treaty of
Utrecht, while it made some important
concessions in America, really after all
merely postponed the day of final settle
ment. The limits of Acadia. the boundary
line between French Canada and the Brit
ish colonies, and the boundary between,
these colonies and the great "West, were
all left unsettled. The attempt to settla
them was sure to rekindle war. The thir
ty years that followed, called "a genera
tion of chronic, smothered war." was a
period of dispute and preparation. First
there were disputes over the limits of Aca
dia. France had been left In undisputed
possession of C», e Breton Island, and this
she now pr6ceeaed to use as the basis of
her operations for' the recovery of her
concessions. In the second place, there,
there was a difference over the northern
boundary of New England and the con
trol of tho Indian territory In that region.
The third and greatest question of all was
whether France or Great Britain should
hold the valleys of the Mississippi and the
Great Lakes, and with them the control
of the continent.' "This was the triple
problem," says Parkman, "that tormented
the northern English colonies for mora
than a generation, till it found its solution
in the Seven Years' War."
famous treaty of Paris. The treaties of
Rys-wick (16f)7> and Aix-la-Chapelle O"*>>
settled riQthinp. and they may therefora
bo regarded as mere truces in the con
flict. The conquests made in the two
wars preceding these treaties were r6
storcl, the wars brought nothing but
losses to both sides and the contending
powers were left confronting one another
with the great Issues between them still
unsettled.
But the student should lools upon th*»
treaties of ITtrecht tl713> and Paris (17«J)
as Important landmarks In the diplomatic
Mstory of America. By tho treaty of.
Ltrecht France made important conces
sions to Great Britain in America.
1. The British claim was recognized t->
the territory drained by the rivers flowtnjc
into Hudson Bay. This region of indefin
ite limit had been claimed by the British
since the explorations of Hudson in l«S0.
-. Newfoundland and Acadia (N'nv.i
Scotia) "according: to Its ancient limits. "
including the fortress or Port Royal (cap
tured by the English in H»>, restored in
lt*7. recaptured in 1710 and permanently
retained) were also conceded by tho
French. The "ancient limits" cf Acadia
were never defined. France contended
that the concession included not only
Aova Scoria, but a narrow strip on tho
seacoast. while England claimed from it
a vast country westward to the English
settlements in Maine and northward to
tne Bt. Lawrence.
TEACHERS HAVE BUSY DAY
OF CONVENTION WORK AND
PROFITABLE DLSCUSSION
HOW WAR MADE AMERICAN BOUNDARIES
Copyright, 1 9OO, .by Seymour Eaton.
WAR GEOGRAPHY OF" AmERICA,
THE SAN FRAtfCISCq -GALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1900. L
7
—"The American Porter"— possesses n mellow
flavor peculiarly • Its own and U unlike any
other brew on the market, whether of fcreiEii
cr domestic production. .'. _^ .•¦
THE ZENITH OF ELEGANT
VAUDEVILLE.
THE ORPHEUM ROAD S80W!
. Direction Martin Beck.
EEVTERCS SCHAFFER. WILL M. CRESSST
AND ULAXCHE DAYSE. JOHNSON. DAV-
BKPOST AND LO71ELLO. liOUISE DRESS-
KK. JACK NORWOnTH. BERTIE POW-
LEIt Tim COMinniJAPH, TRULY fHAT-
-IV i K AND CHRISTINA'S DOG. CAT AND
MONKEY CIRCUS.
rtererved **-a,t*. balcony. 10c; opera chairs
r<: '. Iws: Eeats. r.Oc.
Metinee* Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
CcTr.ing next week, the worid-recowned
HAWTHORNE SISTERS.
-\:.U THIS WEEK. INCLUDING EUKDAT.
Matinee .^atnrday at Special Frices.
THE LEADERS
PRIMROSE and
DOCKSTADER
MINSTRELS.
Next Week— 7 NteMn.
Matinees New Tear's Dav and Saturday.
THE BELLE OF NEW YORK
Th» Most Fmom Comic Opera In the World.
EXTRA VEVT TEARS MATIXKE ar.d EAT-
IIRDAT at I p. rn SHARI*. EVENINGS AT «.
By FEP.RIS HARTMAN.
LOADED FT'LL OF UP-TO-PATE HUMOR. I
MUFIC AND SPECIALTIES. ;
DON'T FAIL TO TAKE THE LITTLE ONES. |
Be? Oscar L. Feet's Fine TRANSFORMATION.
The Flowery Kingdom.
POPULAR PRICES tt and 50 centm.
Telephone— Bush *.
A'.f E::;nchou*e Prop, and Manager
Phone South ' 770
ALL FOR FUN AND FUN FOR ALL.
TO-NIGHT
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Oeo. H. Broadhurst's Funny Farce.
1 n CLEVER
I PT FTTH COMPANY OF
*— r -' r^ * COMEDIANS.
HOME,
A TRULY FUNNT COMEDY.
Evening 15c. rSc. 35c. fiOe and 75c.
Matinee 15c. 21*. 35c and 50c.
Next Sunday Afternoon, Jacob Utt'» Everlast-
ing Biff Show. "SHENANDOAH."
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
CROWDED ALL THE TIME!
MATINEES T^-MORROW, PUNDAY AND
NEW YEARS DAY.
Brilliant Triun-.ph of the
OLIVER-LESLIE COMPANY
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
The Famous English Military Drama.
AN OFFICER OF
THE SECOND.
MONDAY— "NELL GWYN."
Ever.ir.fr Prices— 10c, 15e, 25c and 50e.
A few front rowi in orchestra. 75c.
Matlr.ee Prices— lOc. 15e. 25e and 5Oe, no
higher. Branch Ticket Offlc* 1 — Emporium.
i
ONLY S MORE CHANCES TO SEE
AT THE WHITE HORSE TAVERN
TO-NIGKT. TO-MORROW AFTERNOON
AND TO-MOHROW NIGHT.
COMMENCING NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
f ; p<"-ial Extraordinary. Engagement of
EDUARD STR/^USS
And His Unrivaled Orchestra from Vienna.
¦ For 7 Nights and 2 Mutinies <New Year's Day)
and Saturday.
CHANGE OF BILL EVERY PERFORMANCE.
FPhriAL PRICES.
Orchestra, J2: Orche»«ra Oast 7 row«), Jl B0;
TJalcony <firft 4 row*>. tl 00: BaJeony
• i': Oall°ry «r* i serve<J), »Sc: Gallery (unre-
Krved), Me: Ti<vx and Logre Seats. $2 £0.
Ttf* O JSf- 55 AI9
fiVH EAT R £r\ \
EVERT NIGHT AT 1:15.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
FXTBA SlAllNEc NEW YEAR'S DAY.
r*av1d Belasco'a London uni New York Success,
Naughty Anthony
NF/XT WFDNESPAY NIGHT.
THE ADVENTURES OK
NELL ? G\A/YININ
Er^iaJ encasement of
FLORENCE ROBERTS.
beusco Ann thall's
CENTRAI
Market rt.. near fth. Opposite City Hall.
MATINEES TO-MORROW 'SATURDAY).
SUNDAY and EXTRA MATINEE NEW
YEA ITS DAY.
To-nlsht end Every Evening:, Including: Sunday.
THE GREATEST SUCCESS IN YEARS.
David Eelasco's Famous Military Romance.
™e HEART OF MARYLAND
THE BEST OF ALL BIG PLAYS!
Mi.jtniflrer.t and Realistic . Bcenery. Exciting
Climaxes. erousin» the iwatest enthusiasm.
1/-CC EVjw— 10c lie. 25o, Sic. L0=.
i t IwLO XJatinees— 3"c. jr>c. 21c. No hlcher.
Secure Seats at Box Office of Theater.
CHUTES AND^ZOO *£?**«££*
SPECTACULAR PRODUCTION.
TEN DAYS IN FAIRYLAND
BIG CHRISTMAS TREE!
Presents 'or All the Children!
Telephone for Beat* Park 23.
YALE GLEE AND BANJO CLUBS.
MACDONOIfiH (OAKLAND). January :.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE THURSDAY
KVEMKO. JANUARY J. ¦
GUAJCD tiPERA-HOfSE FRIDAY AFTER-
NOON. JANUARY 4-2 O'CLOCK.
8— BRILLIANT I'ROGRAMMES-3.
peats ready to-«Jay at Sherman. Cray & Co.'*.
•'¦akland t^eatr rearty Monday.
I'rlctf— Kvening. iOC. SU H SO. $J; afternoon,
> -S<\ Tic. II
• FISCHER'S CO *^!£J^ S *-
COGIL.1. AND COOPER'S COMEDIANS IN
"MY UNCLE FROM JAPAN."
Ar.d "A FAIRY GODMOTHER." by Arnold
and Ethel Grtzpr and Blanche Trelease.
Reserved Seats. S5c. Matine* ChrUtmas!
AMUSEMENTS.
MISCELLANEOUS.
ft> aw j» tho Best Heater
cbr^.llll TOr in the Best Stock
*P***W 1V1 j n California.
Delivered to any
address, city or
¦^L. country, to be
¦^^"x^l returned at our
~^|~*2S expense if It !s
iiiniiijiiffi^y j reeled it to be.
flit! SEND NO
iliiiJ MONEY.
l^^l : TRY IT. FOR
jySJ^tfjfK^WS^^ And if theheat-
.^^^^jnfr*Trri-l " '"^V^J^^j er Is sa.tisf3.O-
tt#Wi hiiP.^Sit'i postal order for
»«^?2kS«S5^^8*' 2s Inches high.
- "*SS^.VS3^*MfcS! " j4 Inches in di-
Wy aineter, and ' is
43r >» f quipped ' with
•" the new smoke-
less burner.
PATTOSIEN'S
Furniture Exposit T on Building,
COR. SIXTEENTH AMD MISSION STREETS.
I Far Surpasses 1
But er, Lard and Compounds. H
l"Ko-Nut"
|* Does h
p A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat for 0
« Shortening and Frying, y
Eg GjaranteeJ rse from Animal H
A The Finest §
S Saratoga Chips ||
Mj zt: fried in - «. . fa
I "KONUT." I
I Ask Your Grocer or Write.
India Refining Co.,
Philadelphia. ;
nil iap These, hotels pos-
i ALAul ??ss the attributes
that tourists and
pnn travelers appreciate
! QHU —central location, j
R H A M II liberal manage.-
UllHitU ment, modern • ap-
nAjpi ft pointments a n <1
HuIlLOi P cr{ec * cuisine. "'
* American and Eu-
San Francisco, mpc.-n plans.
j ,
§VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for ME\
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their" fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
worst cases in old and young
arlrlnc from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or '
clparette-smoklnp. Cures Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Loat
Power. Xfght Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Bvll Desires. Lame Back.
Nervou* Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne *3 %-M f™ 08 Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects TZ-J^Z— a r e Immediate.
Impart vlror and CE«T» potency to every
function. Don't set despondent; a cure Is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped • organs. I
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers: 60c a
box: 6 for $2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 EUts
»t.. Pan Francisco. Cal.. GRANT DRUG CO..
SS «nd 49 Third Bt.
one pimcc
r 8^^^ bottle LuntS
/ MCBURNEY'S
)^ Kidney^S'gg'
Sg\ */v A thorough cure for
K\ .' C P a ias in the back,
VO^ J^ BRIGHT'S DISEASE,
24 r/ female troubles, incon-
tiueiice Of urine, brick dnst deposits, bed-
vretting of children, gravel, gall etonofi,
drop;?, diabetes, and rheumatism.
FOR SALE AT .--'-
DAHLBENDER DRUG CO.. 214 Kearny St..
AND AT
THE OWL DRUG CO.. 1128 Market at
Send 25e In 2c stamps to W. F. McBurney.
! 411 8. f-prlne et.. Los Ancles, Cal.. for S
days' treatment. Prepaid $1 BO. Drue-trlnts.
*&g&j&» im ~*tt2j3 romedj for Gonorrhoea.
jy3Sj5PcCKF.i»*eg3 Jl'rrt. Spermmtoi-rha-a.
£UMKr in 1 to 5dt7c.>c€ white', unnatural di3-
JESatf Oe»r»nt-«1 Bj chargt . or sot inflauma-
•MmY oot to ivtctart. tioa, i ritation or ulcer*-
p^^PrtTtnu tostxlon. tioa .f mucoun mem-
fr^pTHEEotsCHEMirtiCo. braoes. Non-actrin*ent.
'tC«»G 1 NCINN»TI.0.E53 Sold by l>rn C irl»««,
mSSWV U B A. *J25» or eent in plain wrapper,
J?ES»5W ' iffl *t eiprcM. repaid, for
1 •^ij^Jigp'X*' W '_•„ lalar eent on request.
Weafc Men and Women
SHOULD USEDAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
rtreneth Co cexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price- Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer.
SC3 California St., Clunle building.
COAL. COKE AND Pld IRON.
1 f Till SON !v TO m Battery Street
J. t WILOWll tt WU-. Telephone Main 1SG4.
COPPERSMITH.
r W CMITH Sh< P Plumbing. Steamboat and
Kr n- 2.111111. ship Vork a specialty. 16 and
18 Washington Bt. Telephone Main 664L
FRESH A.ND SALT MEATS.
JA^ ROYFS & CO Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3- DUltJglJ- clay. Tel. Main 1294.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front st. 8. V. Phone Main 1719.
PAINTS.
Cylinder A. Lubricating Oil«, Schneider'! Mining
Candles. C. G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front, S. F.
PRINTING. )
EC HUGHES, BlISaSe^BF.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDO CO..
23 Kirst st., San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Ttl gg c PARTRIDGE ** %»£ nla
WHITE A5H STEAM COAL. M H^ LA^
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO., at its GHEEN
RIVEU COLLIERIES, is die Best Coal in the
market. Oflice and Yards — 150 Main street.
AMUSEMENTS.
BIECHANICS^PAVILION.
New Year's Eve, Dec. 31, 1900,
MARD! GRAS
Fancy Masquerade Ball.EASTERN MARKETS. -
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — . $4 82
Sterling Exchange, sight — ¦ 4 85H
Sterling Cables — 4 86>*
New York Exchange, Bight...... -— 12^
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 64
Mexican Dollars, nominal... 50Va & 61
Wheat and Qther Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool was dull, Paris lower.
New. York unchanged and Chicago dull and
easy.' Traders were waiting; for the Govern
ment report, and lt showed a crop of 622,229,505
bushels. Bradstreet'a gave an estimated de
crease in the world's i visible supply of 13,000
bushels. Primary receipts were 729,000,000 bush
els, asali'St 450,000,000 bushels last year, and
shipments were 277,000,000 bushels, against 124,
ooo.cco. ¦¦-; . -¦¦;.¦•¦- . •
The local market was dull and not materially
changed. ¦ ¦ . • '
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 9"Hc; .milling, *1@
10214 per ctl. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
-Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.'
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 4000 qtU,
U 03V4. ¦¦ ' ' ' ¦ V
Afternoon Session— May— 10.000 ctls. $1 0314.
BARLEY— There was a fair demand at steady
prices. • : •
Feed, 75c for choice bright, 72%c for No. • 1
and 67^4@70c for off grades;. Brewing and Ship
ping grades, 77%@82ttc; Chevalier, nominal.
CALl. BOARD SALKS. / ;.;i;
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales..
Second Session—May — 4000 ctls, 72%c. - *. ¦:;
Regular Mornira Sesslonr-No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales, a
OATS— Continue firm and quiet with light
stocks. White, $130® 1 60; Surprise, nominal;
Red. $1 15® 1 40 for Feed and $1 35@1 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal: Black, for Feed, |1 liSfl 20; for
Seed. Jl 25<3>1 30 per ctl. -.
CORN— The market continues dull and un
changed, with . considerable damp Corn offer
ing. Yellow, $1 15; White, |1 10; Eastern mixed,
$1 12V6 per ctl. .
HVK— S5©87%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at tl 73@2 per otl.
Flour, and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family ¦ Extras, J3 25®
Z 50, usual terms; Bakers': Extras, $3 1S@3 25;
Oregon, |2 750? 85 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', $2 75
MIL.LSTUFFS— Prices In - sacks are as fol
lows, , usual discount to the trade: Oraham
Flour,. $3 per .1<W lbs: Rye ; Flour, J2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50 ; , Rice Flour, ¦: ft ; ' Corn Meal, J2 75 ;
extra creamdo, ?3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50;; Hom
iny, $3 D0@3 75; " Buckwheat Flour, J4@4 25-
Cracked Wheat, J3 SO:" Farina. J4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour, fJ 25; Rolled Oata rbarrels), $S®
7 25; in sacks, $5 75@7: Pearl" Barl»y. 15; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, J5 50 per 100 lbs. ¦
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There 1» no change In .Hay or FeedstufTs.
Receipts: of ;the former, are 'now light.
BRAN-$Ufl5 perjton; -
- MIDDT.TNGS-$l<i r.OJrl» 50 per ton? • - .
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $:6®17 per
San KranriEco data: Maximum temperature.
<?; minimum.; O; mean, 52.
V.EATHEH CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST
An area cf hish pressure overlies the western
portion of th^ country. During the past twenty
four hours the pressure has risen more than
thrw-u-ntfcs of an inch over Nevada, Utah and
Idaho.
The temperature has riEen over Central and
Northern California and has fallen elsewhere
on the I'aciflc slope.
No rain lias fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
The fotloTrinr maximum wind velocities are
rpjicrtod: Sacramento, SO miles per hour from
the north; Independence, 30 from the north,
a no Tuna, -« from the north.
Conditions are favorable for heavy frosts Fri
<5kv mcinlns over the greater |»art of the Pa
cific <.'oaft-
IVreoast made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours otidine midnigrht December 2S:
Xortliern Ollfornia— Fair Friday: liRht north
«>tly vilndr; light to heavy frosts Fridav mom
ins-
Southern California— Fair Friday; light north
erly vinds; frost in exposed places Friday
mcrnir.g.
Nevada — Fair Friday.
Utah — Fair Friday, continued cool.
Arizoiia— Fair Friday, with frosts In central
and southern portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday;
lieht northerly winds.
ALKXAXDER G. McADIE.
Forecast ' Official.
Gas and Electric continued the leading stock
on the morning session of the Bond Exchange,
selling at }46@45 25. The other stocks were
dull. . Oceanic Steamship sold at tlOS.
There was nothing new In the afternoon.
On the OH Exchange Monte Cristo continued
to lead In point of saUs. 10C0 shares selling at
$2 15. The other stocks stood about the same.
In the afternoon Monte Cristo »old up to
J2 30 and Reed down t* 62®63c.
The Crown Point Mining Company has levied
an assessment of 5c per share.
The French. Savings Bank has declared a
dividend of 3.60 per cent per annum on term
deposits and 2 per cent on ordinary deposits,
payable on January 2.
The Wells, Fargo A Co. Bank has declared
a semi-annual dividend of 2 per cent, payable
on January 15.
The report of the Alaska Treadwell mine for
the month ending on the 15th shows 30.077 tons
ore crushed, valued at $41,746. and 874 tons
sulphuret3 of a value of J13.125; total product
for the month was J57.S11. The expenses were
$38,000. The average value of the ore was Jl 92
per ton. There were 540 stamps employed, but
300 of them run by water power dropped only
four days, when the Ice closed them down.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
.THURSDAY, Dec. 27—2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.f ¦ Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup. .117 118 j 4s do cp (new)1384130
4s do reg 116 117 i3s do coup 110>£—
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co.. 104% — ;Oak Water B».104% —
Cal-st Cab 3s. 119 — 'Oceanic S8 5s.U0>411I
C C "Water 6s.lO8 — Om C Ry 6s.. .128 —
EdLfcP 6s. .131 135 Pac G Imp 4s.l01 —
F & Cl Ry 8.S1144 — P & Cl Ry sslOS 109
Geary-st R 6s. — — P4ORR 6s. U5^ —
H C & S 5*s.. — — Powell-st R s.118 —
Do 6s 1031*105 gac E G&R 5s— 100
L A Ry 5S.....110V4H1H B F A gJV 58.119% —
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103 S R of Cal Cs. — 113
Do gntd 6s.. — — B P R of A 6S.113HH4
L A gntd 5s. ..100 103 S P C £s (1305.
L A P R R Ss.100 — Series A) ...lOO'.i —
Market-st Cs..l28?i — 'Do (Series B)110V» —
Do 1st M 5s.l22«i — Do (1906) 11J 112%
N C N G R 7s. — 114 Do (1912) ....121 —
N R of Cal 6s.ll4Vi — S P R 1st g 6s.lO7}» —
Do 6s 119 — S P R 6s 131 —
N P C R R 6s.l0l — S V Water «s.H4U —
Do 5s 108 — Do 4s 103^104
N Cal Ry 5s..llOvj — Do 3d mtg ..102 lC
Oak G L & H.110 T /s — Stktn Gaa 6s..lOO 103
Oak Tran 6s.. — 121
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa .. — 7IH Spring Valley. M'-J —
Marln County. SIVa . — -.
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCK.
Cent L & P Co — 4 Pac L Co — 44
Equit G L. Co. — Vf_ Sac E G&R Co — 40
Mutual L Co.. 9 10 H E G & E.... V*i 45H
0 G L & H.... — 50 San Francisco. — —
Pac Gas Imp.. — — 8tktn G*E Co — 14
' INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund. 228 —
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd 75 - First National.310 -
Bank of Cal.. .409 4124 t*on P A A ....143 —
Cal S D & T.. — 105 Merchants' Ex 16 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L....1S60 1900 Sav & L So... — —
Hum B & L... — — Sec Sav Bk....275 —
Mut Sav Bk... 50 — Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav Un..S2S —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 123'4 — (O S L AH... 39 4<
Geary-st 45 — (Presidio 17 a
Market-st .... 6»Ti — I
POWDER STOCKS.
California .....— 160 Vlgorlt Jtf JS
Giant Con Co.. 83T4 84^
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. — 7 Kilau«a S Co. 3C«i 21
Haw C & S Co 90 — Makawell S Co 41 —
Honokaa S Co 31V4 32 Onomea 8 Co.. 2S'* —
Hutch S P Co. 25H 26 Paahau S Co. SIS —
• MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
AlPack Assn.l23'£124*i Pac A' P A... 2 —
Cal Fruit AssnlO3 104 Pac Bor Co.. .152 154
Mer Ex Assn. 97 100 ! Par Paint Co. 12', —
Oceanic S Co.. — 103'zi
Morning Session. .
$16,000 Bay Counties Power Co, Ss, s 90.. 104 75
SO Pacific Coast Borax 152 00
C5 S F Ga* & Electric Co 46 CO
8 9 F Gas & Electric Co 45 23
170 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 S7H
KO S F Gas & Electric Co. a 2 45 75
50 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 43 75
415 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 75
Street—
40 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.... 90 00
20O Oceanic S S Co.. 103 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
600 Hutchinscn S P Co 25 50
10 JIakaweli 41 23
25 Market-street Railway 70 00
10 8 *' Gas & Klectric Co 45 50
S S F Gas & Electric Co. a. SO 45 25
220 8 F* Gas & Electric Ct> 45 2S
If. S F Gas Si Electric Ccr 45 37-j
SO Spring Valley Water 93 «0
Street—
$5,000 Northern Railway of Cal 5s bonda.119 25
. $5,0l!O,S V 4s bonds (2d mtge) 103 75
J1.500 United States 3s bonds (coup) 110 25
JSOO United States 4s bonds (coup) U« 23
$2,000 United States Ss bonds (reg) no 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlnr Session.
Board —
400 Caribou ....r. 82
100 Four Oil Co 50
5 Hanford : 120 00
E0O Hanford, Fresno, Kern River 43
500 Hanford. Fresno, Kern River 47
160 Home Oil 4OT
800 Junction (3
500 Junction 63
10CO Lion Oi! Co M
50O McKittrick Consolidated 4S
1C0O Monte Cristo J 15
300 Ree<l Crude Oil Co » «s
1000 Reed Crude Oil Co tl
60 San Joaquin Oil & Dev......; 10 00
100 Sterling O & D Co a 7a
700 Sunset (original) 45
Street—
10O Caribou .-.: «2
100 Pan Joaquin Oil & Dev 10 00
60 Home Oil 4 00
Afternoon Session.
Board— :
700 California-Standard J6
200 Caribou 61
100 Four Oil Co 52
8 Hanford 130 00
1100 Lion Oil Co 20
•CO Mone Cristo 2 20
10 Oil City Petroleum js 00
1000 Petroleum Center 23
1100 Petroleum Center 22
1WX) Petroleum Center, b SO 24
1000 Petroleum Center, b JO 3
300 Reed Crude Oil Co....... ft
100 Reed Crude Oil Co.... 43
2C0 Reed Crude. Oil Co 44
150 San Joaquin Oil & Dev... 10 jj^
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Wall Street and Europe.
A New Tcrk financial authority says: "It
begins to lock as though Wall street had estab
lished a permanent cliange in its relations
with the investment markets of England and
Germany. For a long time Europe has been
LFSurlnfr us how much more largely it would
ir.veFt tir.d speculate in cur securities provided
cur monetary systsm were securely planted
en the gold basis. We now see how much
»as ir.ievAet in this. The election was ac
cepted as ratifying the cct of Congress estab-
I!fh!r.g the gold basis cf value: and ever since
there has been an extraordinary increase in
both the speculative and investment transac
tions in Americans at London and Berlin. The
srbitra^e operations sinc-e the election have
r-eon rrtar.y times larger than the whole twelve
months' dealings for past years. This of course
ects as an important stimulus to our local
rrarket ; line it is an uncertain Influence and
ci.is to the perplexities of the New York Ex
rlantt; arA it is a ijuestion whether, in the
rvent cf money ri«ins on the European mar
ketx. t\» may not witness some considerable
r^alizinrs on profits by I«ondon from Its present
If: re? holdings."
Trusts Confronted by Individuals.
According to tho following extract from the
N«w York circular of Henry Clews the trust
problem is working out its own solution auto
matlrally. If what this financier says proves
true then the question of trusts will eventually
settlf itself without Congressional assistance:
"Ther«» is no Icnger any prospective strin
f<?nry in the local money market; on the con
trary, the Interest and dividend disbursements
• f ;hp treasury and corporations and the re
turn of money Rent to the interior through the
tall rnT.ths will produce en easy money mar
ie t for the next three months. The evidences
«->f business activity ntjound on «very hand;
the condition of the crops holds out, at the
moment, the promise cf a good harvest; our
surplus of exportable staples and of manu
factured products keeps up the extraordinary
rate of increase tha.t has prevailed for the
last tlirc-e years; In fact, while the Imports
are kept, crmparatlvoly low our foreign ship
ments are all the time going ahead of our
most sanguine expectations. At the same time
the industrial interests have seen and meas
ured t!;» great 'trust' undertakings bom In the
last two or three years and are not alarmed
et thpm. They «ee plenty of room for invest
ment of tlicir own capitals and find nothing
to fear from the rp^cial powers and working
facilities from which the 'trusts* have «
pectM so mu<-h and of which they have boasted
H rriu-h. Tliey are equipping themselves with
the newest and best plant* and their capitals
ere equal to til the wants of economical work
ing. TliiF miry of independent industrialists
into th« field ie taking place upon an entirely
rxtrar-rrHnary scale. anJ that Immediately upon
ih* crration of industrial consolidations cap
italized at K. 500,000,000. This settles the future
Ftatus of the trusts. It shows that they must
pi\ e up all pretensions to monopoly and bring
themselves to face a* formidable a competition
es thai which drove them to eeek ehelter under
the policy of consolidation. The really im
portant sij;nifii.-ance uf all this Is, however,
that this new reinforcement of independent in
(iuffit! organization inrfins a coming vast ex-
I «n«lon of our manufacturing industries. Our
ever-growing; accumulations of capital can find
no othfr employment; and monopolies are mere
ten in th<> presence of such an overwhelming
force of free capital."
J Feather Report.
QSOtb Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, Dec. 27—5 p. m.
The fottewtas are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of tune date
laft fason, and rainfalls In the last twenty
four hours:
argument^ which gains force from a lingering
fear of a possibility cf a money squeeze inci
dent to the early settlement, that the low
priced stocks are safer to bold on margin, aa
the margin represents In some cases nearly the
full value of the Etock. In addition to these
features of strength in to-day's market there
was an opening rush to buy People's Gas,
which made the price rise to 110, or 3 points
above last night's close. The stock reacted 2
pclnts and closed with a net gain of 1% on '
the strength of the reports of Vanderbllt ac
quirement of the stock. Sugar was very fever
ish over a wide range, rallying strongly after
ar> early decline and closing with a net gain
of 3%. St. Paul moved up in the late dealings
pretty near to 141. coming within less than a
point of Burlington.
Uneasiness over the money market was &gain
allayed by the abundant- offerings on call,
vhlch carried the rate down to 4 per cent In '
the late dealings. This was an influential fac
tor in. rallying the markpt and the bears, who ;
sold freely in the early trading, covered again
on a larpe scale before the close.
Business in bonds continued large and the ;
rcarket gained in strength as the day pro- '
cressed. Total sales, par value, $5,130,000.
United States old 4s and 5s advanced %, re- ;
funding 2s % and 3s % per cent on the last
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing 1
Scld. Etock— Bid. j
31,300 Atchison 46Ti
21.100 Atchison prefd 8SV4
4.900 Baltimore & Ohio S2V»
300 Canadian Pacific 92U
2.100 Canada * Southern 57V*
12.C00 Chesapeake & Ohio : 41%
4,000 Chicago Great Western 16
32.300 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 141%
1,000 Chicago Ind & Louisville 26
500 Chicago Ind &. Louisville preld .... 62
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 94%
100 Chicago & Northwestern 168^4
l«,400 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 120%
4,i00 C C C & St Louis 72
4,000 Colorado Southern 7S
&00 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 43^
200 Colorado Southern. 2d prefd 17Vi
EO.OCO Delaware & Hudson 124
1.000 Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 1S9
23,800 Denver & Rio Grande 32%
6,0*0 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 86U
33,C09 Erie 25
24,300 Erie 1st prefd 08%
200 Great Northern prefd l&SVa
2,500 Hocking Coal 16>g
300 Hocking Valley 41%
2,000 Illinois Central 130
3,400 Iowa Central 23H
700 Iowa Central prefd 4s
Lake Erie &. Western 46%
Lake Erie & Western prefd 114
Lake Shore 230
P.SOO Louisville & Nashville 87»i
27,700 Manhattan Elevated 114%
4,600 Metropolitan Street Railway 170%
33,700 Mexican Central 16Vi
1,200 Minneapolis & St Louis , 70%
l,£00 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 103
40,400 Missouri Pacific 71Vi
400 Mobile & Ohio 45
2.40) Missouri Kansas & Texas 16%
2,000 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 46v«
1,000 Sew Jersey Central 145
17.900 New York Central t 143%
19,400 Norfolk & Western 45%
200 Norfolk & Western prefd 82^
66.6C0 Northern Pacific &3%
7.4C0 Northern Pacific prefd 87^4
125,300 Ontario & Western 31%
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
1,510 Pennsylvania 144
13,100 Reading 25
t»,700 Reading 1st prefd 70%
14 8U0 Reading 2d prefd :. 37%
Rio Grande Western 35
Rio Grande Western prefd 91
3.100 St Louis & San Fran 22%
70» St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 77',»
1,400 St Louis & Ban Fran 2d prefd E2'a
8.700 St Louis Southwestern 17%
8.900 St Louis Southwestern prefd 44%
112,200 Et Paul 140)i
1,000 St Paul prefd 185
St Paul & Omaha 124
49.100 Southern Pacific 44>4
26,900 Southern Railway 22-j»
14,400 Southern Railway prefd 72%
10,800 Texaa & Pacific 24%
21,500 Union Pacific 771,
1,01-0 Union Pacific prefd _. 83%
31.CIXI "VVabash 12H
C1.100 Wabash prefd 26%
9,000 Wheeling & Lake Erie 52%
4,200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 20%
• 4,000 Wisconsin Central 17%
1,000 Third Avenue 120
603. Baltimore & Ohio prefd 80%
9,900 National Tube 66U
SOO National Tube prefd 104%
Express Companies—
Adams 1.148
200 American 185
300 United States 57
Wefls Fargo 133
Miscellaneous—
1,400 American Cotton Oil 32
American Cotton Oil prefd 91
200 American Malting 5
400 American Malting prefd 26\1
4,000 American Smelting & Refining 74«,i
1,000 American Smelting & Refining pfd. 96
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
400 American Steel Hoop 32%
2.200 American Steel Hoop prefd 77V6
17,200 American Steel & Wire 44%
200 American Steel & Wire prefd 87%
10,600 American Tin Plate 66T»
1,000 American Tin Plate prefd 91"i
18,400 American Tobacco 112
American Tobacco prefd 135
8,SCK> Anaconda Mining Co 49
60.600 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 86%
6,300 Colorado Fuel & Iron 55%
6,000 Continental Tobacco S8H
2.900 Continental Tobacco prefd 93
I4.100 Federal' Steel 57%
2.100 Federal Steel prefd 77%
1.C00 General Electric 196
800 Glucose Sugar 49&
1.000 Glucose Sugar prefd 95
7.500 International Paper 25%
4,000 International Paper prefd 73H
Laclede Gas 73H
109 National Biscuit 3714
200 National Biscuit irefd 91
100 National Lead 19}j
100 National Lead prefd 90%
15,100 National Steel 42
1,000 National Steel prefd 9114
800 New York Air Brake 153
32,200 North American ....' 21>£
500 Pacific Coast ;.. 59
Pacific Coast 1st prefd £9
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 66
5,236 Pacific Mall 43%
60,600 People's Gas 107%
1.3W Pressed Steel Car 5H4
500- Pressed Steel Car prefd : S2
1,000 Pullman Palace Car 201
100 Standard Rope & Twine '514
124,300 Sugar 141%
500 Sugar prefd 117
4,300 Tennessee Coal & Iron 63%
25.000 United States Leather 14%
3.200 United States Leather prefd 76%
7.<50O United States Rubber :.. 25"4
1.D00 United States Rubber prefd 7oii
4,200 Western Union R2%
37.300 Amalgamated Copper 93*4
L300 Republic Iron & Steel 16%
200 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 65
P C C & St L 66
1.471,500 Share* sold.
CLOSING BONDS
U S rel 2a reg....lO6tt N Y Cent lsts......lO9H
Do coup 106% N J Cent gen 5s.. 129%
Do 3s reg 111% Nor Pac 3s 7J14
Do 3s coup ......111% Do 4s ...1055i
Do new 4s reg. .133 XTC&Stli 4s. 10$
Do new 4s coup..l38H N & W con 4s. .....100
Do old 4s reg.. ..116 Or Nav lsts ......111
Do old 4s coup... 117* Do 4s ...103
Do 5s reg 114V4 O 6 Line 6s ......129
Do 5s coup 114H Do con £s 117
Dist of Col 3.65s. .124S Read Gen 4s ...... 94U
Atch gen 4s 102% R G W lsts , 101
. Do adjt 4s ...... SS'ilS L & I M coh 5s.ll4%
Canada So 2ds.,...10S^'S L & S F Gen 6s 129H
C & O 4»is.. 103% |St Paul con .."...!l82
Do 5s 120»± St r C t P lstSi..l20?i
C & N con 7> 139 Do 5s iS2>i
Do S F deb 5s. ...123 So Pac 4s 33
Chicago Term 4s.. 95 So Ry 5s ...114'i
Colo So 4» $4*;tstandard R & T 6s 70
D & R G 4s.... ...102 |Tex & Pac lsts ..114<4
Erie Gen 4s S»%! Do 2ds ; ' 90
Ft W Sc I> C lsts. 83'i Union Pac 4s ......107%
«5en EJec 6s ...164 Wabash Jsts .......117't
Iowa Cent lsts 116 Do 2ds ..........losu
L & N I'nl 4»......10n»i West Shore 4s:...:iir,i!
M K & T Ids...... 77'iWls Cent lsts .... W
I*> <s sSfc, V» Ciiturlca ...... M
THE STOCK MARKET.
MINING 8TOCKS
Morning Session.
The following wer» the sales In the San Fran.
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
600 Chollar 13 2»t Overman 1'
»0f> Con Cal * Va..l 65 500 Utah «j
100 Crown Point .. 11
Afternoon Session
200 Belcher 121 400 Crown Point lit
20O B«*t Sc. Belcher ?«! 100 Mexican ' i4
ICO Best Sc Belcher 231 300 Ophir ««
SCO Bullion C2r 200 Overman .. in
650 Con Cal A Va..l 60! 100 Sierra Nevada 25 **
230 Con Cal tc Va..l 55 1 100 Union Con .. . 13
Th« following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
150 Belcher .12 200 Ophtr *i
300 Best & Belcher*^ 200 Ophir «>
150 Con Cal & Va..l 50 s 200 Ophir an
3C0 Con Cal & V.I 62Va! 200 Ophir «;
3C0 Con Cal & Va..l 55i 200 Overman id
40O Justice 02| 400 Savage 13
400 Justlc* 03'
Afternoon Session
300 Belcher 12 200 Mexican 34
400 Chollar a 300 Ophir R.
300 Chollar 12 300 PotosJ u
20O Con Cal & V.I 5"H 500 Savage .,. 13
500 Con Cal & Va..l 60 509 Savage ......... it
200 Gould & Curry 33 j 200 Sierra Nevada. 3
3C0 Hale & Norc... 17 100 Silver Hill 4>i
£00 Justice 02! 3C0 Utah Oil
CLOSING QUOTATIONa
THURSDAY, Dec. 27—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Afk.
Alpha 02 04 Justice 02 <v?
Alta 04 05 Kentuck — 81
Andes 07 03iLady Wash .... — P3
Belcher 12 13|M«xlcan 33 3»
Best & Belcher 24 25 ; Occidental .... 02 >3
Bullion ~ 63 03 Ophir «S ««
Caledonia 46 4S Overman 09 I**
Chollar 12 lJiPotosl 12 13
Challenge Con.. 15 lSlSavag* 14 1",
Confidence S2 JT Scorpion — P»
Con Cal & Va..l 55 1 «0f8eg Belcher.... 02 B3
Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada. 23 2»
Con New Yqrk. 01 —I Silver Hill ..... 49 U
Eureka Con — 3a |6t Louis — in
Crown Point... 09 UlStandard S 25 3 -i".
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate — 12
Gould & Curry 33 35 Union Con 19 !0
Hale & Norc... 17 20 Utah O.t f>l
Julia. 01 03 Yellow Jacket.. 15 IT
Exchange and Silver as before.
IVhcat dull and easy. Barley steady.
Oais, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
II ay and Feedstuff s quiet and unchanged.
White Beans scarce and firm. Colored quiet.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Poultry and Game in good demand and firm.
Butter lower. Cheese and Eggs undisturbed.
Oranges and Lemons quiet and easy. Limes firm.
Friction reported in the Cured Fruit Association.
Proz'isions continue inactive and unchanged.
Meats firm and in slender supply.
MINING STOCKS
Adams Con 2n.Llttle Chief 15
' 40. Ontario 6 75
g reec e " 2 00 Ophir 60
Brunswick Con 17 Phoenix 10
Comstock Tunnel... 04 PotosI 10
Con Cal & Va 140 Savage 10
Deadwood. Terra.... 55 Sierra Nevada 13
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes 50
Iron Silver 65 Standard 3 00
Leadville Con 05 i
BOSTON STOCKS AND 'BONDS.
Money— .West End 92>£
Call loans 4@3U Bonds-
Time loans 435 I Atchison 4s 101U
Stocks— IN E G & C Ba.. 87'
A T & St Fe...... 46T«: Mining Shares-
Do prefd 8S>« I Adventure 10'i
Amer Sugar 144?il Allouez Mln Co.... S
Do prefd 117 ;Arnal Copper 94
Bell Tel 154 (Atlantic 27M
Chi Bur'fr Q 141% Boston & Mont.... 324
Dominion Coal ... 39 Buttc & Boston .. 83
Do prefd ..1......IO8 Calumet & Hecla.830
Federal Steel .... 57H Centennial 23%
Do prefd 77^ Franklin 15'i
Gen Electric ......196V4 Humboidt 50
Do prefd ISO Osceola 76
Ed Elec III 217 Parrott .; 50
Mex Central 16& Qulncy 173
N E G & Coke.'... 13U Santa Fe Copper.. 6%
Old Colony 303 Tamarack 340
Old Dominion 31% Utah Mining 33 •
Rubber 25H Winona 4%
Union Paclfle .... 77H Wolverines 4«H
Union. Land S
London Market.
CLOSING.
NEW YORK. Dec. 27.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram . says:
The markets here were fairly active to-day
after the holiday, being favorably affected by
the cheerful expectation of cheaper money In
the new year and the failure of the Bank of
England* to raise Its minimum discount rate,
which, however, caused no surprise.
American securities were less active than they
have been recently. London was disposed to
take profits, but New York hoisted prices again
and the close was at the best, while in the
street buoyancy prevailed. The official denial
of the reports of conversion of the Northern
Pacific preferred shares is not taken too se
riously here. It Is expected that the rumor
will be revived later. Both New York and
Montreal were credited with buying Canadia.11
Pacifies.
Paris caused a spurt of 1% in Tintos.
The bank lost £40,000 gold to India and £50.-
C00 to the Continent. Money was very firm
owing to end of tho year requirements and
the settlement. The bank did a large business
in discounts at 4 per cent and in loans at 4H
per cent. . *
LOVDON, Dec. 27.— Atchison, 48%; Canadian
Pacific. 94%c; Union' Pacific preferred, 85%;
Northern Pacific preferred. 89% ; Grand Trunk.
Hij Anaconda, lOVi. Bar silver, steady, 29 ll-16d
per ounce. Money, &&<@i per cent.
A T czv York Money Market
NEW YORK. Dec. 27.— Money on. call, "firm
at 4g6 per cent; last loan, 4 per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 4%Q«>4 per cent; sterling ex
change firm, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 85 for demand and $4 Sl>4@4 81>i for
sixty days; posted rates $4 82 and $4 S5V44J4 86;
commercial bills, $4 80ii@4 80*i; silver certifi
cates, 64H@65c; bar silver, 64c; Mexican dollars,
5Cc; Government bonds, strong; State bonds. In
active; railroad bonds, strong.
Condition of the Treasury
WASHINGTON," Dec, 27.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balances. $142,292,252; gold, $96,194,164.
Neiv York Grain and Produce.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Dec. 27.— FLOUR— Receipt*.
27.213 barrels; exports, S222 barrels: neglected
again and barely steady, but not quotably
lower. ; . 'i
WHEAT— Receipts, 157,660 bushels; exports,
107.801 bushels; spot, steady; No. 2 red, 78T4c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 red. 76'.4c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. S3Vi'- f- o. b. afloat; No. I
hard Duluth, S7«4c f. o. b. afloat. Options'
opened weak under bearish French cables and
later developed alternating periods of stead
iness and depression, following a conflict of
rumors about the Government report. Trade
was local all day except for a little foreign
buying early. Closed easy at >4@Hc net lower;
January, 77 1 ,4c; March, 78T»(g79Hc, closed at 79c;
May. 78%tj'78 11- 16c, closed at 78%c; December,
76 5-16@77c. closed at 77c.
HOPS— Quiet. ¦
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL-Dull:
COFFEE— Futures closed quiet, with prices
net unchanged to 10 points decline: total sales,
12.500 bags, including January, {5 40@5 43; Feb
ruary, $5 55; Marchr. $0 65: April, $5 65; May.
$5 70; July, $5 70; September, $5 80; October,
$5 80@5 85; November, $5 90. Spot Rio, easy;
No. 7 invoice, 6%c. Mild, market quiet; Cor
dova, 9^4Q13%c.
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refining, 3}»c;
centrifugal, 36 test, 4Hc; molasses sugar, 4<j»c;
refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2939 packages; .firm;
creamerj'i l"@25c; June creamery. 17@23c; dairy.
13@14c.
EGGS — Receipts, 7063 packages; easier; "West
ern average packed,' at mark. 19®22i£c; West
ern, loss off, 24c.
The market for evaporated apples ' ruled
rather quiet, but about steady and unchanged.
State common were quoted at 4@5c; prime,
4%@5Uc; choice, 5V4@6c; fancy. C®7c. Cali
fornia dried fruits were inactive. Prunes were
quoted at S'iffSHc
APRICOTS— Royal, 110140 ! Moorpark, 15@16c.
PEACHES— Peeled, lC@20c; unpeeled, 6@9c.
Chicago' Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 27.— Indifference at Liverpool
and a decline at Paris equal to l'.ic caused lib
eral offerings of wheat at the start. May open
ing %c under yesterday at 72%@72%c. The
market fluctuated narrowly for hours, sustain
ed by a decrease in the world's visible supply
of 13,000,000 bushels, by light Northwest re
ceipts and by the strength of corn. Toward
the end shorts covered and as offerings were
light. May rallied to 72»i<ff72"sc, and closed
steady, a shade lower at 72%c.
Corn was quiet but firm. May closed. Ho
higher at 36Uc.
In oats nothing was doing. May closed He
higher at 23%c, in sympathy with corn tlrm
ness.
Provisions were a dull but fairly steady mar
ket. January pork, lard and ribs each lost 24c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 69% "0 69?4 . 70
January "0- 70<4 69% 70^4
May 72% 72% 72'4 ,.1Z\
Corn No. 2— / >
December .'...87 87 36H 86%
January 36«4 . 3€H 8S 1 * 36Vi
May 36H tS% 35% 36!4
Oata No. 2— . -
December 21H 21% 21^ 21%
January 21H 21% -21% 21?*
May 23% 23% 23H 23%
Mess pork, per barrel— •
January 12 05 12 10 12 0214 13 10
May 12 10 12 15 12 10 12 15
Lard, per 100 pounds—"
December 6 92V4 6 92^ 6 87^ 6 871,
January.. 6 75 6 77H 6 72^4 (76
May 6 87H 6 90 r ' 6 S7& 6 90
Short ribs, per 100 pounds —
January 6 20 6 25 6 20- « 25
May ¦• 6 32H 6 35 8 3214 8 S5
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and easy: No. 3 spring wheat, 62@71c: No. 2 red,
72(g>74e: No. 2 corn. S6%c; No. 2 yellow, 36%c:
No. 2 bats. 22"4®22 i ;ic; No. 2 white. 25®25'ic;
No. 3 white. 24tt@25',<!c: No. 2 rye, 50*831c; fair
to choice malting barley. E2@«0c: No. 1 flaxseed.
$1 £6>i: No.'l Northwestern, $1 57; prime timothy
seed. $4 50: mess pork, per barrel, $ll@n 12^ ;
lard, per 100 pounds, $6 S0®6 85: short ribs sides
(loose). $6 20&6 40; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
o^Uje^c; short clear sides (boxed),> $6 60@6 70;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 17; clover, con
tract grade. $10@'10 25. '
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 69.000 53.000
"Wheat, bushels 333.000 21,000
Corn, -*mshels ..739,000 . 90,000
Oats, buehels 59.000 15S.000
Rye, bushels 11,000 6,000
Barley, bushejs ................100,000 25,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull; creamery, 16@23c; dairy, 12JJ
20c. Cheese, dull, 10U@U*ic Eggs, firm; fresh,
21c. ¦
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL,
Wheat— . Feb. . Mar. May.
Opening 6U 6% ....
Closing 6 V» . 6 M. ....
PARIS. .
" Wheat — Dee. Mar.-June.
Opening... ..................... 19 55 20 60
Closing 19 40, . 20 60
Flour— -
Opening 25 50' 80
ClosinK 25 SO . 2645 ;
Chicago Livestock Market?
CHICAGO, Dec. 27.— CATTLE— Receipts, "11.-
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
BAGS— San Questin , Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July,: 6%c; Wool Bags,
2S*s'832Uc: Fleece . Twine. 7«4c;. Frult.Bags,
«'^<S6 s ic . for, white and ¦ Ml@S?ic for bleached
Jute.--. . :.¦ ¦ . ¦ -. ' ; ,. <" ¦_ _¦.. _-';.- . .----
• . COAL — Wellington. :$9. per ton: Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7: Bryant, $7:^ Coo*
Bay," $3 SO: Wallsend. $9; Co-operative :Walls
end.s $9:' Cumberland,; $12 'in bulk and $]3 25 in
backs ; Pennsylvania Anthracite; Ejtg.s $14-.: Can-
CURED MEATS— Bacon? ligilHc per lb for
heavy, HViS12c for light medium, 12&®13c for
light. - ; 13H@Hc for extra light and 15®15Vic for
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 11H©
12c; Mess Beef, J12 50 per barrel: extra Mess
S13; Family, $14; extra Prime Pork, $16; extra
clear, $19 50; Mess, $17; Smoked Beef, 13c per
pound.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6*«c per lb for com
pound and 9Uc for pure: half-barrels pure
S'ic: 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins, lOUc
COTTOLENE— One.-half barrei. 8\ic: three
half-barrels, 8c; one tierce, 7Jic; two tierces,
7^ic; five tierces. 7%c per lb. • >
Hides, Talloxv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
¦bout lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10c; medium, 9c:' light, 8\ie: Cow
hides. ?c for heavy and 8V4c* for light; Stags,
6%c; Salted Kip. 9Hc; Salted Veal, 9%c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides,- 15'^c; culls, 13',4c; Dr>"
Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, 16c; culls and brands,
14c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@30c each:
short Wool. S0@ 50c - each; medium, 60@75c;
long Wool. Ihciiil each: Horse Hides, salt J2 50
@2 75 for large and $2 25 for medium, $1 25 for
small and 50c for colts: Horse Hides, dry, $1 75
for large, $1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small and
J0c for colts. Deerskins — Summer or rtd skins.
33c: fall or medium skins, 20c; winter or thin
Eklns, 20c. Goatskins — Prime , Ancoras, 75c 
large and smooth. 50c; medium. 3Sc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4Hc per lb; No.
2. 3>~c: grease. 282ttcv
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable; as follows:
Northern.; free, 15@16c: . Northern, defective, 12
@14c: Middle -County, free. 15@l«c: Middle
County,* defective,, 12@14c; Southern Mountain
12 months', 9@10c; Southern Mountain, free 7
months'. ll@12c;' Southern Mountain, defective.
7"*jnonths", 9Sjllc: Humboldt and Mendodno,
16@17c; N*vada,.13@16c per lb. •
Fall >Cllp— San' Joaquln. 6'4®8c: do lambs. 8
©9c: Middle County. 9@10c; Northern Mountain
free. 10®llc; Southern Mountain, THSS'jc;
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@12c per lb. >
HOPS— 12916c per,lb.
General Merchandise,
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25®26; Job
bing. $26 50: Cocoanut Cake, $17®18: Corn
Meal,' $26f 26 B0; Cracked Corn, $26 50®27;
Mixed Feed, $15018.
HAY — Volunteer. $5@S: - Wheat, $11 @13 50;
Wheat and Oat, $10012 30; Oat. $Jigl3; Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, $S^9 50; Barley, $7 50<g9 50
per ' ton.
STRAW— S5®47«c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The situation In Beans shows no change.
White descriptions continue scarce and firm.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 50® 2 75;': Small White.
?4 C0#4 60; Large White, $3 60@3 75; Pink, $2 10
02 IS; Red, $2 75@3; Blackeye, $3; LImas, $5 40
«T5 60; Pea, $4 50@4 60; Red Kidney. $3 75®4 per
ctU <¦ ¦ :v . • ¦_- .
SF.EDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Tellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 BOS 2 75; Canary.
3Hc per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 7>4!g9 1 ,4c; Rape, 2'»i5f3c; Hemp, 4@4»4c;
Timothy. 4ift4',4c. -
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $2(32 50; Green, $2 70
@3 per ctl; Blackeye. nominal
Potatoes,' Onions and Vegetables.
Merced Sweets are lower again. Otherwise
there is no change In" Potatoes"; Onions and
Vegetables are about as before quoted.
POTATOES— River Reds, 70@g5c: Burbanks,
305T50C for River and Slfil 27, per, ctl for Sa
linas and 5O@85c for Oregon; Sweets, 50«j 75c
for Rivers and 8;<?j90c for Merced.
ONIONS-$1 60@l S5 per ctl; Cut Onions, $1
@1 23 per ctl.. .. - ,
VEGETABLES— Green Pea*. 6®12<jc per lb;
String Beans. 8(ffloc; Cabbage,- 9S»c; Tomatoes,
Los Angeles, $Vg2 per crate; Egg Plant, Los
Angeles, 10@12Hc per lb: Green Peppers, Los
Angeles, ' 2»i'&8c per lb; Dried Peppers, 9@llc;
Dried Okra. 10@15c per lb: Carrots, 25@35c per
box; Hothouse Cucumbers. "II 50 per dozen;
Summer Squash. $150 per box; Garlic, 4®Sc
perlb; Marrowfat Squash. $S@12 per ton-
Mushrooms. 10Q20c per-lb.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of dressed , Turkeys yesterday were
Insignificant. " Other Poultry was In moderate
supply and good demand at firm -prices.
Receipts of Game were comparatively small,
being 98 sks, and prices for some descriptions
were somewhat better In consequence.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry came In and
sales were made at »6 for young Roosters, (4 60
for old Roosters. Fryers and Ducks, $5#5 60 for
Hens. $2 50 for Geese. $2 for small Broilers and
12(rei4c for live - Turkeys.
; PPULTRT— Live I Turkeys, 12@13c for Gob
blers and 13?jf-14c" for Hens ; Dressed Turkeys.
14@]7c; Gees*, per pair, $1 75®2; Goslings, |1«
©2; Ducks. $3<$4 for old and $4 60@5 50 for
joung; Hens, $3 E0@5; Young Roosters, $4 50®5:
Old Roosters, $3 60@4 50; Fryers, $4@4 50; Broil
ers, $4@4 EO for large and $3 50®3 75. for amall-
Pigeons, $1 per dozen for old and $2@2 25 for
Squabs. * ¦ . "
GAME— Quail, $1@1 50; Mallard. $3@3 50; Can
\aeback. $3@4; Sprig, $2S2 50; Teal, $1 2ofcU 60;
Widgeon. $1 25@1 50: Small Duck. 75c@$l; Black
Jack,. 75c<JW 25; Gray Geese. $3@3 50; White
Geese. ?l<fil 25; Brant, $1@1 50 for small and
$1 75@2 for large: Honkers, *3@4 50; English,
Snipe. $1 75(g2; Jack Snipe/ $1 25; Hare, $161 25;
Babbits. $1 25(@1 E0 for Cottontail and $1 for
Brush; Doves, 65@75c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There was no change in Cheese .and Eggs,
but fresh Butter was lc off all around. Stocks
or extra Creamery were not too large, but the
medium and lower grades showed signs of ac
cumulating. \
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
•were 40,100 lbs Butter, 396 cases California.
Eggs, cases Eastern Eggs, 10,250 lbs Cali
fornia Cheese and lbs Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 26c ;' firsts, 23c ; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 22c; firsts, 20c; seconds, 18c;
store, 15c.
Storage— Creamery extras, 22%c; firsts, 21c;
seconds. 20c; dairy extras, .
Pickle— 20c per lb.
Keg— 20c per lb. .
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 18c; choice, lie;
common, nominal; Young Americas, 13"4c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16;sc per lb.
EGGS— .
California ranch— Selected white, 32<£c; mixed
colors, 30c per dozen.
California Gathered— Fancy, 28c; standard,
; seconds. .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, 27%c;
secends. .
Storage— California fancy. 25c; standard. ;
Eastern fancy, 25c;- standard, ; seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oranges and Lemons are In free supply and
¦weak, while' Limes are : firm under moderate
•tocks.
There is no change in the other fruits.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— " .
APPLES— S0(g60c per box for common and 65c
®$1 25 for good to choice; Spltsenbergs, $1@1 73;
Oregon Spltzenbergs.- $1@1 25; - Lady Apples.
$1 75©3 per box.
PEARS— 35c@»l 50 per box.
¦ CRANBERRIES— Jerseys, $12; Wlsconslns,
$13 EC; Cape Cod. $14 per barrel; Coos Bay, $2 o0
@2 75 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— Nominal.'
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1(52 25:
Seedlings. 75c^$l 50; Tangerines," *l®l 25: Man
darins, fl«|l 25; Lemons, 25c W$l 25 for common
and $1 50@2 25 for good to choice; Grape Fruit.
75cg$l 50; Mexican Limes, $4 50®5; California
Limes, 23Ji35c: Bananas, $1©2 per bunch; Pine
apples. $l©2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
According to the press dispatches from San
Jcse there Is considerable friction in the Cured
Fruit Association owing to the failure of the
combine to work oft,, the greater part of the
crop as usual before. the close of . the calendar
year. Measures are being taken to, adjust the
differences. t •¦¦•"-
FRUITS — Prunes, Santa Claras,' 4 sizes, -3c;
43-5CS. 7c; 50-60e, BUc; 60-70s. 35ic; ; 70-SOs. 3>ic;
S0-S09,2%c; 90-lOOs, 2'ic; 100s and over. 2c; ru
bles. i{c premium; S6nomas. ',4c and San Joa
<iuir.«, "ie l»« s than Santa Claras. exceDt 100a
and over, which stand the same. - Apricots, 6@
sc .for Royals (and 10@10'.£c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, B@6c; sun-dried. S'i&iVac;
Peaches, 4@5c for standard, 5©6c for choice
and 6Vs@7e for fancy; ! Pears, 2@7c; Plums,
pitted. 5(86^0; unpltted, l@lHc: Nectarines. 5@
5'Jc for red and 5'-4<g€c for white.
KAISIN8 — The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following ¦' prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard, S?ic; prime, Sc;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy, 10^4c per lb; choice, 9Hc; standard, 8^»c;
prime. Sc; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,
KO-lb boxes. €»4c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers.
2-crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60: Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS — Chestnuts. 7>iS?9c per lb for Italian:
Walnuts. No. 1 softshell.-llc; No. 2, 8c: No. 1
hardshell. 10c: No. 2, ,7&c; Almonds, 12@13c for
paptrshell, 8©llc for softshell: Peanuts 5®6c
for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pe
cans. 11£i.13c: Cocoanuts. $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 13V4®14Hc for bright and 12H
<5 13c for light amber; water white, extracted
7%<08c; light amber, extracted, 6H@7c; dark.
C#«Vic Per lb.
BEESWAX— 24©26c per lb.
Provisions.
000. Generally slow, . but choice stock steady.
Good to prime steers, $5 25@6; poor to medium.'
$3 75@5 20; selected feeders. $3 75@4 30; mixed
stockers. $2 50@3 70; cows. $2 50@4 25; heifers.
?2 60ig4 40; canncrs, .$1 75@2 45; bulls, 12 50®
4 25: calves, $4©5 50; Texas fed steers, $4@4 89;
grasgers, $3 23<&4; bulls; $2 50@3 25.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 39, 000; to-morrow,
28,000: left over, 5500. Mostly 10c lower, closing
weak; top. $5. .MJxed and butchers', *4 7033;
good to choice heavy, '¦ $4 75@5; rough heavy,
$4 60@4 70; light, $4 65@4 97'i; bulk of sales,
U 83<#4 95. " .
SHEEP— Receipts," 13,000. Sheep, 10® 15c lower:
lambs, weak. Good to choice wethers, $3' SD0
4 60; fair to choice mixed, ' $3 40@3 8Q; Western
sheep. ?3 80@4 60; Texas sheep, $2 D0@3 50; na
tive lambs, M 23@5 75; Western lambs, $J©3 78.
Wlual Crop of 1900
WASHINGTON. Dec. 27.— The Statistician of
the Department of Agriculture estimated the
United States wheat crop of 1900 at 522,229,503
bushelf, the area actually harvested being 42,
435,385 acres, and the average yield per acre
12.29 bushels. The production of winter wheat
Is estimated at 330,025,490 bushels and that, of
spring wheat at' 172,204,096 bushels, the area
actually harvested being 26,23,1.897 acres In the
former case and 1S,2.">9,4S8 acres in the latter.
The winter wheat acreage totally abandoned
in Ohio, Michigan, In-liana and Illinois is
finally placed at 3,522,787 acres and the spring
wheat acreage totally abandoned in Xorth Da
kota and South Dakota at l,7S3,4t;T.
A comparison of the newly seeded acreage of
winter wheat with that of the fall of 1899
shows that of the eleven States and Territories
that sowed 1,000,000 acres or upward with win
ter wheat one year ago, Pennsylvania. Mis
souri. Kansas, California and Oklahoma report
an increase amounting to 971,704 acres, and
Ohio, Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, Texas and
Tennessee a decrease of 1.7S0.791 acres. The
avt ragre condition of the crowing crop on De
cember 1 was S7.1 per cent of the normal.
There are many complaints of the Hessian fly,
but the low condition fcr Ohio, Michigan, Ken
tucky and Tennessee is fully offset by the
exceptionally hlph condition reported from
Kansas, Missouri, California, Oklahoma and
other States, in all of which It Is above nor
mal. . The production of corn in 1900 is esti
mated at 2,103,102,016 bushels; oats, S09.125.98J
bushels; barley, .53.925,853 bushels: rye. 23.995.
927 bushels: buckwheat, 9.566.966 bushels; pota
toes, 210,926,897 bushels, and hay, 50,110,906 tons.
The area from wh}ch the crops were gathered
was as follows, in acres: Corn, 83.320.S72; oats,
27.364,705: barley. 2,894,282: rye. 1.591.328; buck
wheat, 637,930; potatoes, .2.611,054, and hay, 39,
132,890. . ¦
• The. corn crop of 1900 was one of the a/our
largest ever gathered, while, the oat crop has
only once been exceeded. On the other hand,
the barley and rysf crops are the smallest, with
one exception. In each case, since' 1887; the
buckwheat crop is the smallest since 1SS3 and
the hay crop the - smallest with one exception
since 1888.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Dec. 27.— Special and tele
graphic dispatches to Bradstreet's show the
following changes In available supplies since
last report:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, increase 987,000 bushels; afloat for and
in Europe, decrease 1,000,000; total supply, de
crease 13.000 bushels.
Corn— 'United States arfd Canada, east of
Rockies. Increase 1.624,000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decrease 669,000 bushels.
New] York Metal Market.
The combined stock of wheat at Portland.
Or.,-Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., decreased
2J3.C00 bushels.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— Though the London
market for tin advanced about £'6 over last
Friday, It was still somewhat of a disappoint
ment to the local metal trade. In fact the
London market closed weak and tending down
ward at £123 2s 6d. -The local market was easy
and nominally quoted at $27 50, against $27l&'28
yesterday with little business done at there
figures. Copper advanced £1 since Friday on
good buying orders at London, but failed to
Influence the local situation, prices remaining
nominally unchanged at 17c for lake and 16?4c
for casting and electrolytic. Lead ruled dull
at $4 Z1M. while at London prices scored a
rise of ,2s 6d"to £16 5e, on light speculative
movement. Spelter was dull. Closing prices
were on the basis of $4 12'46* l'H and £18 10s
respectively. Domestic Iron markets continue
lnacti%'e and nominally unchanged. Plglron
wai rants, $9 50@10 50; Northern foundry. $15®
16 50; Southern foundry. $14 50@lo 75, and soft
Southern. $13@15 75. In England iron was
somewhat irregular. Glasgow was unchanged
at 61s 3d, while at Mlddlesboro prices were 2s 6d
lower to Bis.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Dec 27.— Clearings, $454,
452; balances, $123,387.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
IORTLAND, Dec. 27.— Wheat offerings were
small to-day. Walla Walla • was still quoted
at 54 l B54',ic, with the usual reports that 55c
was being raid in the interior.
Foreign shipments pf wheat (flour included)
from this port for the week ending December
27 were 442,076 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 27.— WHEAT— Quiet. un
changed Blue stem, £6Hc; club, 53?ic.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Dec. 27.— Consols, T^; silver,
29 11-163; French rentes, lOlf 50c; cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; cargoes Walla
Walla. 29a; English Country markets, dull.
LIVERPOOL, Dec 27.— Wheat, dull; No. 1
standard California, 6s 2'.4d@6s 3d; wheat in
Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
milder.
COTTON— Uplands. 5',4d.
CLOSING. .
WHEAT— Spot No.- 1 California, firm. 6s 3d;
No. 2 red Western winter, quiet, 5s lHid: No.
1 Northern spring, firm.' 6s 2*id. Futures,
quiet; December, • nominal; February, 6s ] ,4d;
March. 6s I4d." . . ,--
CORN— Spot, easy; American mixed. 4s Id;
old, 4s 2d. Futures, quiet; March, 3s SHd;
May, 3s *»d.
9
«• ! ! it
nel, 110 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$18 in sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. IS 45
per 2000 lbs and S3 50 per. ton, according to
brand.
SUGAR— The "Western Sugar: Refining Com
pany quotes, Per lb, In 10O-]b bags:
Crushed, 6.1oc: Powdered, 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.73c: Dry Granulated. 5.65c; Confec
tioners' A, 5.65c; Magnolia A, 5.25c: Extra C
5.15c; Golden C, 5.C5c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 2so more; boxes, 50c more: 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half-bar
rels, 0.40c; boxes, 6.65c per lb. . .
San Francisco Meat Market.
LAMB— lOUKWic per lb.
High prices still rule under light supplies
and a rood demand.
BEEF— T@Sc for Steers and 6®7c per lb for
Cows.
VKAL— Large, 8@9c: small, 9<&16c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9#94c; Ewes, S^SSc per
lb.
FORK— I-tve Hogs. 5He for small and 5*ic for
medium and D'iftoSc for large; stcck Hogs and
feeders, 5@3Uc: dressed Hogs. "U1*5Hc.
FOR THURSDAY, DECEMBER 27.
Receipts of Produce.
Flour, qr sks. .. 10.87i>iBran. ska 1.58'.
Wheat. ctlB 8.510 [On ions, sks 365
Barley. otls l.HQ Feed, eks :... VjO
pats., ctls 415 Wine, gals 11.T0O
Beans, ctls ...... H'JBrandy, gals .... 1,75ft
Potatoes, sks ... 2,613 Leather, rolls ... VI
Straw, tons 16 Hides, No S33
Hay; tons St Pelts, bdls 245
Hops, bales 9& Quicksilver, fisks 129
Middlings, sk* .. $3 1 Tallow, ctls 480
' OREGON.
Flour, qr ska 637 Onions, sks 253
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1900.
LOCAL MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 27.— The market digested
an enormous amount of ttocka on proflt caking
to-day. These heavy offerings were not with
out pffert en prlccf, and in fact there was a
p< riod o£ very peneral reaction, but like yes
terday the msrkft wain demonstrated its mar
velous r^curTutive power and the specu!a.tt\-e
et-thusiat-m was shifted into new quarters
where the buying v.as resumed v.Ith unabated
corMnncf.. In a large part of the peneral list
the movement of prices wan not wide at any
time ard the larjre volume of business was ac
complished without either making an inroad on
tho market value or increasing it. In »nher
stocks the day's price range was very wide,
while the net change is quite important. In
this list were stock? which yielded sharply to
the profit taking movement and then recovered
Fharply in Fytnpathj- with the strength which,
developed at new points. The grangers and
PaciScs rrere examples. The distinguishing
feature of the day's trading was the dev»lop
n wit of aggressive strength in large groups of
lcwer-priced stocks, both ia the railroad and
n.iscellancous departments. The advance in.
Ijt-nver and RJo Grande common cave the cue
for this movement. The strength In the Rio
Grande etock and the large amount of the ab
sorption gave rise to the conjecture that a pro
cess had begun of transfusion of Interest be
tween railroad companies in teat region, look-
Ing to a settlement of obstinate rate problems,
pjmilar to the exchange of holdings which has
••/••purred between railroads in other regions.
Thf resigns* was not especially among South
eastern railroads, but among low-priced stocks
f^attTed all through the list. After Denver
end Hlo Grande had risen Shi there were suc
<' ?>i\ i- response* In Icwa Central. Norfolk and
¦\\ upteni Tort Worth and Rio Grande, the Wa
liash ftnckp United State* Leather, Hocking
r.ial North American, Reading second pre
<*-rr^i and Mexican Central off from X to 3%.
Th<* diversion <vf speculative activity from
riig'i-priced dividend-paying stock* to low
th<-«i Hivki* ir » very usual accompaniment of
1 torjr-PUPtained bull movement, en the theory
»hit the low-priced sto^kB are entitled to a
r.sc to sdturt thrir value* to the dividend.
-— .-« w St Uiis time there is the additional
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
STOCK.
I
Bid.
Asked.
Buckhorn ...:.... .......I — •
California-Standard 33-
Caribou _
El Dorado . 1 50
Hanford .............."......'...... 120 00
HanforJ. Fresno. Kern River.. —
Home .....*. ..... 4 00
Independence - •
Kern ¦'¦ '. 9 8741
Kern River ig \«\J
Lion Oil Co. :.':.. : ... -...-;.. .'........ \%'
McKtttrlck Consolidated ... 4*5
Junction • - [ k;!
Monte Crtsto » \ 2 23
Oil City Petroleum ..." ....[ 34 50
Petroleum Center ...~...... j %>
Re<id Crude ...j . ." go t
San Francisco &-McKlttrick...i IK
San Joaqufn O & I> Co.... j lo.po (
Shamrock ../. ..„.•! 73 I
Fterlinsr O * D Co .^s.l 2 ;n
Twenty-elgtit ~ 2 37^
Westlake .:.................... _;
.Wolverine ,.. 135 !
Yukon j _. j
4 00
36
W
190
125 00
SO
4 C5
! 16 23
20
230
35 50
I . —
i S2
t 19 12«i
! • JO
i 2 80
I 2 47H
I 53
4 H
-iou
: I This
ir*; Season.
I Last
. I Season
UM
1.00
I.4M
>.w
KM
'.00
I 20.17
8.71
I S.Ot
T.-2
5.43
2.17
8.92
6.79
1.73
25.S6
9.7J
9.00
9.C7
4.47
1.67
9.33
3.33
1.32
4 H
-iou
: I This
ir*; Season.
I Last
. I Season
UM
1.00
I.4M
>.w
KM
'.00
I 20.17
8.71
I S.Ot
T.-2
5.43
2.17
8.92
6.79
1.73
25.S6
9.7J
9.00
9.C7
4.47
1.67
9.33
3.33
1.32
STOCK.
I
Bid.
Asked.
Buckhorn ...:.... .......I — •
California-Standard 33-
Caribou _
El Dorado . 1 50
Hanford .............."......'...... 120 00
HanforJ. Fresno. Kern River.. —
Home .....*. ..... 4 00
Independence - •
Kern ¦'¦ '. 9 8741
Kern River ig \«\J
Lion Oil Co. :.':.. : ... -...-;.. .'........ \%'
McKtttrlck Consolidated ... 4*5
Junction • - [ k;!
Monte Crtsto » \ 2 23
Oil City Petroleum ..." ....[ 34 50
Petroleum Center ...~...... j %>
Re<id Crude ...j . ." go t
San Francisco &-McKlttrick...i IK
San Joaqufn O & I> Co.... j lo.po (
Shamrock ../. ..„.•! 73 I
Fterlinsr O * D Co .^s.l 2 ;n
Twenty-elgtit ~ 2 37^
Westlake .:.................... _;
.Wolverine ,.. 135 !
Yukon j _. j
4 00
36
W
190
125 00
SO
4 C5
! 16 23
20
230
35 50
I . —
i S2
t 19 12«i
! • JO
i 2 80
I 2 47H
I 53
- OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steasnars leav; Broadway
wharf. San P*ranclaco:
For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m .
iS* ffiSP^. Dec. 22. 27. Jan. 1. Chang" t i
IJBJglJajPk compa-nj-'s steamers at Seattle.
n&EnvS? For Victoria. Vancouver <i:.
He^^^I C). Port Townsend. Seattir.
tJBta-VIVqPBl Tacoma, F>verett, Anacnrt»\«,
t and New Whatcom (Wash. •
11 a. m.. Dec. 22. 17, Jar. I
and every fifth day thereafter.
Change a'. Seattle for this company"a steamer*
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma tr N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C: P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m. Dec.
24. 29, Jan. S. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Lcs An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a m
st-.-imer Santa Rosa. Sunday*. 9 a. m.
¦ For Santa. Crur, Monterey. San Simeon, rav-
nco». Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlnt'q
Santa Barbara. Ventura, flueneme, San Pedr>"
East San Pedro tLos Anceles) and Newport -
Steamer Corona. Fridays. » a. m. ; steam; r
Bonlta. Tuesdays 9 «. m
r-*^ EB»«nada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose d«-l
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Pa2. Santa Real.*
and Guaymas (Mex.)-lO a, m. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain companv *
folders. *^ ¦
The company reserves the right to chanjr°
w^uTprevi^ notice " ld h ° UrS *
GOODALt. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agent*
1I_ 10 Market st.. San Francij^o.
THE 0. R, & N. CO.
DISPATCH PAST STEAMKR3 TO
E* O R, TL, -A.2>TID
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m
FARF f 1 2 / Irst 5'5? s Includlr.e Berth
InilL $a Second Class and Meaii
COLUMBIA Sails &£. iinjTn 3
GFIO. W. ELDEIt Sails Dec "3
Short Line to Walla Spokane. Butt-
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Eatt.
B. C. WARD, General Agent.
830 Market st.'
TOYO KISEN KAKfli
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COH-
ner First and Braanan streets, at 1 p in
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe aiiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong wtth steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day of
¦¦llfnir
SS. AMERICA MARTJ
Saturday, December 29, l?o<
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursdar. January Zi. 13^1
SS. NIPPON MARL"
•- Tuesday. February 19. 1»«
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Kor
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
421 Market street, corner First.
XV. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
V*V T0SX. SOUTHAMPTON. LOSD03. TAMSX
Stopping at Cheibourg. westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis Dec. SftiNoordland Jan. II
New York Jan. SlFrlesland Jan. '.:
Kensington Jan. 91Vaderland Jaa. 3>
RED STAR LINE.
/New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 Noon.
Wsaternland ...Dec. 26INoordland Jan. 1*
Westernland • ...Jan. 2;Friealand Jan. V
Kensington Jaa. 9>Southwark Jaa. St
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION' COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast,
30 Montgomery st.
occanics.s.co.E??S
S3. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
- Wednesday. January 2. 1901. at 9 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday. January 6, 4 p. tn.
SS. ZEALANPIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday, January IS, S p. m.
4. D.SPRECKELS k BROS. CO.. Buival Agents, 327 Hartit St
Sen'l tampr Office, 643 Kirfct St., Piar No. 7. fcslfc SI
PANAMA R.R. S S
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
S.S. ROAHOKE sails January 8,
S.S. ST. PAUL sails January 29,
From wharf, foot of Fremont st, at t p. m.
Freizht and passenger offlce. 330 Marfcet st.
- F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
COXPASNIS 6EKSBALS TBAK3ATLA9TIQ7S.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS.
Salllntr every Thursday. Instead of «Zfnli>
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 12. -twuLib
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. $& and upward. Second class M
Havre «3 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR i'XlTKD STATES AND CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
P. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Age-nt*. S
Montgomery avenue. San Francisca Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERsT
FOB U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJfi.
Steamer "Mootlcell*."
MON. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Pat. at 9:43
a. m.. 3:15. S:sn p. m. (ex. Thurs. n!*b«: Fri-
days. I p.'m and S:30: Stindays. W:3ft a, m.. «
P m. Lflndln? and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier N". 2. Telephone Main 1508.
.FAKE .........•;......... We
fe> SPECAL AUCTiON SALE £*
OF ALL. THE
RACEHORSES IN TRAINING
BELONGING TO E. CORKIGAN. ESQ..
Prior to his departure for England, compris-
ing Rathgar. Artllla. Wallenatein. Lily Simp-
son, Antloch. Long Tom Yodel, Carter Harri-
son Jr.. and flv# of his choicest yearlings rearly
to race NOW, by such sires as Indio. Vassal.
imp. St. Andrew and Imp. Bassetlaw. out of
sisters to the great racehorse Riley and other
famous mares.
Also to close a co-partnership th»
S-year-oId imp. Mariner-Phoebe colt
COUNT HUBERT
Ahso. per order executors Marcus Daly estate.
the great suburban winner, game race-
horse and sirs
MONTANA
8ire of MonUnic. Mortgage. Mcntallade, etc
PRIMROSE •
The royally bred son of Imp. St. Blatm «nd
Wootl Violet; and
SHAFT, by The Pepper, out of Boise. '
Bale will take place at
TANFORAN RACETRACK
SATURDAY Decemb-r n, 1*».
Commencins at 12 o'clock m.
Take 11:3d train. Third and Townsend sts-
Catalogues ready.
WM. G. LAYNG. Auction-»r
AUCTION SALESGee Gong's Assailant Arrested.
• Frank ¦ Roberts, a' bartender residing at
706 California street, was arrested early
Wednesday morning by Detectives Ryan
arid Riordan and booked : at • the ¦ City
Prison ! on a charge of assault to ¦ commit
murder. The 'assault was committed on
Gee Gong, , a .Chinese laundryman the
latter; havlne been:; brought < to the Re
ceiving Hospital.: earlier ? In the evenine
suff«""<n~:from a wound in thehlp With
Roberts at the time- of the shooting was
Arthur Ruga, owner of the saloon at Val
lejo and i Powell .streets. . The| Chinaman
claims that after J he was shot the couple
robbed- him « of : a dollar:; This is' denied
by f Roberts, who says he ' was drunk and
flred a. Phot : at : a ; tree. * and Ruga corrob
orates his ; statement. v.The^policei do not
credits thef shooter's story/and .have held
both 1 * men, pending an investigation.
Oakland Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Dec. 27.— The following
marriage licenses were ; . issued by the
County Clerk'B -office to-day: . Mathlas
Jorgensen of Alameda, aged 36, to marry
Augusta 'Anderson - of Alameda.' aged 85:
Henry G. Parker of Cripple Creek, Colo.,
aged 33, to marry Sarah; Ellen McFarland
of Oakland,' aged 33:- Horace B. Meader of
Oakland; aged 80, to * marry Emma . G.
PrObst of Alameda, aged 22;- C.H. Doug
las of Oakland, aged 25, to marry Margar
et . Stephenson ~ of ? Oakland, aged 20; Joe
Amara of Oakland,: aged •*¦ 24,-r to marry
Mary A. Munlz of Oakland, aged IS: Man
uel i F.' Garcia of > Hay wards, aged 31, to
marry Mary Silvia of Hay wards, aged 21;
Clarence vW; Soule of Little Shasta,* aged
22. ) to marry Ella A. ¦ Dexter of Oakland,
aged 18; 'Stephen "A." Dickard of Oakland;
aged 30, c.toi marry. Leona Z. Chalmers of
_r?keley, aged 24 ; " : Samuel W. : Horton - of
San Francisco,^ aged ,40,: to marry Daisy
Buckingham of « San ? Francisco, ' aged 30.
EMPLOYES GIVE THEIR
EMPLOYERS A BANQTJET
Maple Room of the Palace Hotel the
Scene of a Merry Gathering.
For several years past the Christmas
season has included a dinner party to R.
W. and A. . H. . Hills by the , personnel of
their establishment. % This, year's dinner
was given last evening at the maple room
of the Palace Hotel. After an elaborate
menu had been commented on with witty
epeeches the rooms were : cleared for
dancing, which was continued until after
midnight. Among those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. R. W. Hills. A. H. Hills
Mr. - and Mrs. Thomag Hodge; Mr. and
Mrs. A. M. Lovelace. Miss Ella Good
mundsen, Mr. and Mrs. R. 8. Coxhead
Mr." and Mrs. Martin Dierssen. Mr. and*
Mrs. A. L. Whiting. . Mr. and Mrs. Frank
S. Snell, > Mr. and Mra. M. B. McKay Mr
and Mrs. Dwlght^ Edwards, G. W. Pimer"
E.^A. Bullis Jr., Mr. and Mrs. P.'L. John
son, T. F. Scott. Fred R. Walker. Elliott
M.^Cofer, Miss Stella M.Bullli,. Noel
Rhoades. . Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Howe. Mr
and -. Mrs. ¦ M. M. ¦¦ Johnson, . Mr. . and Mrs*
E. L. Glbbens. Mr. and Mrs. John R. Kins
man. '¦. J. H. Woodrum, ' A. S. Rix.
CONFLICTING: REPORTS
OF DROWNING DISASTER
Rumor That Forty-Nine Children
Perished Is Affirmed and Again
Denied.
DES MOINES. Iowa, Dec. 27.—Tele
phone messages by way of Oskaloosa
and OttumWa pay the report of the
browning of forty-nine school-children at
What Ch«?r is true. The children were
fkatoing on a pond. in the fair grounds
ard the accident occurred about 9 o'clock
in* the evening. Direct communication
with What Oneer cannot be had at pres-
Iowa, Dec 27.— After ln
oulrv regarding the rumor of the d^own
iruz ' of forty-nine school -children while
Kkating on "the river near Foster. Iowa,
m^av It develops trust there is no truth
in the report. A traveler who arrived at
fiUxnour Iowaa. fifteen miles west of
roster early to-day, states he left Fos
ter late last evening ena knew nothing of
such accident.
NOT TO INVITE THE
PRINCE OF WALES
President McKinley Denies That He
Will Entertain Royalty During
the Yacht Races.
WASHINGTON. Dec 27.— Nothing < is
known at the White HouBe concerning
the Ft ory cabled from London to the ef
fect that the New York Yacht Club would
Invite Emperor William of Germany and
the Prince of Wales to witness the yacht
race* for the America's cup next summer,
and that President McKinley would write
concurrently to the Kaiser and the Prince.
inviting them to visit the United State*.
At the White House it is stated that
nothing of the sort Is in contemplation.
The Prince of Wales was a gue»t at the
executive mansion during President Bu
chanao'f administration.
NEW BATTLESHIP; MAY
BE BUTLT AT SEATTLE
Moran Brothers to Ctet the Contract
If They Will Reduce ThcJr
Bid. ' ..: V.K-
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 27.— Moran Broth
ers of Seattle will obtain the contract for
the construction of a sheathed battleship,
provided they are willing to reduce their
bid so that it will be within the limit of
the appropriation, and the Cramps will
build only two armored cruisers.
The Board of Construction to-day de
termined that the strict interpretation of
the law authorizing vessels required the
placing: of a contract for one of the three
sheathed battleships on the- Paclnc Coast.
The bid, of Moran Brothers - .was consid
ered more advantageous than any other
received from the Pacific slope. It was
decided to recommend to the Secretary of
the Navy that Moran Brothers, the New
port News Company and the Bath Iron
works be asked to accept contracts for
battleships at $3,600,000 each. The pro
posal of the Cramps was higher than
those, of the Bath Iron Works and the
Newport News Company. — -
REPORT OF PADEREWSKI'S
DUEL NOT CONFIRMED
Telegrams From, the Pianist's Wife
and Son Indicate That He Is
Alive and Well.
Ppwlal DlFpatch to The Call..
PARIS, Dec. 27.— The rumor cabled from
New York that Ignace Paderewskl had
been killed in , a duel in Paris caused
much anxiety among his friends ln : Paris,
who, however,' Immediately poinud- out
that a partof the rumor at least was in
correct, a»- Paderewski and his -wife left
Paris on Sunday night for Switzerland
The Herald made further inquiries and
learned that a telegram. had been received
In Paris- en Monday . from ;Paderewskl's
non. who Is at Chalet • Riond Basson • at
Morges, near .Lausanne, Baying, that 'his
father and stepmother arrived there safe
ly, to-night. T»ift Herald . correspondent
saw a telegram from Paderewskfs wife
In -which- no. mention was made of *hi
great pianist fighting or even being
wounded, .but which . sayg. distinctly, that
he was.better. referring, possibly to the
cold from which he had been suffering
Guadalajara Bankers Fail.
MEXICO CITY. Dec. 27.-The failure
of the well-known banking. firm of, Fran
cisco Martinea Negrete & Sons of Guada
lajara, has. created a" sensation - In this
city, where the firm has for many years
been identified with its business develop
ment, i The; liabilities are $2,235,000 and it
is ; believed by bankers ¦> conversant : with
the affairs of the flrmubat itsasseU", if
properly,, handled, will- yield. a surplus
over all claims:; The failure is due to the
financial stringency. : -
HONOLULU, Dec. 19.— It is now
thought that the suicide of the famous
American scout, Frank Bennett, was due
to remorse on hearing of the: death by
poisoning of Miss Clara Schneider and
that her death was also by suicide, for
which Bennett held Mmsclf responsible.
A eearching investigation by the police
failed to bring forward any proof that
Bennett gave her the poison. How she
secured the drug remains a mystery and
will probably never be known.
Bennett had kept his relations with her
secret from his friends and though it is
thought that the two were together on
tbe night when the Girl took the poison
this has not been proved. When she be
came ill Bennett made manv • inquiries
about her and after her death he was seen
but little. He retired to .his room and
ehot himself the next day.
TORPEDO BOAT STATION
FOR MARE ISLAND
Recommendation Made by Admiral
Crowninshield to the Navy
Department.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 27.-Because of
the deteriorated condition of the machin
ery of the torpedo boats, the formation of
a flotilla to accompany the North Atlantic
squadron on Its winter cruise was to-day
found to be an impossibility. The depart
ment haa directed that all torpedo craft be
given a thorough overhauling, and many
thousands of dollars will have to be ex
pended in putting them into condition for
eea service. -
Admiral Crowninshield suggests that a
station for torpedo boats be established
at Norfolk. Va.. where there Is no danger
of their being frozen in, and that each de
partment of the navy be called upon to
furnish memorandum as to the best meth
od of caring for the character of craft un
der Its particular control. He recommends
that a torpedo boat station for the Pacific
Slopo be established at Mare Island and
that a cub-inspector be stationed there.
TO GEANT NO HEARINGS,
Committee on Finance Soon, to Take
Up War Revenue Bill.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 27— Senator Alli
son, who Is the second member on -the
Senate Committee on Finance in point of
seniority, said to-day that the House bill
amending the war revenue law-would be
taken up by that committee on the recon^
venlcg of Congress. He also stated that
no hearings would be granted by the £££>
mittee.
Believed Himself Responsi
ble for Death of His
• Sweetheart.
Addressed by Dt. Wheeler.
RICHMOND, Va., Dec. 2?. -At the Edu
cational Society Congress here to-day ad
dresses were delivered by President Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler of the University of
Calif ornia ¦ on "The Cause of Phonetic
Uniformity." Prof essor Brander Matthews
of Columbia on "The Importance of the
.Folk Theater" and others.
BENNETT'S SUICIDE
DUE TO REMORSE
Special Dispatch to The Call
HARIUSBTJRG. Pa., Dec. 27,-Former
Senator M. S. Quay will not arrive until
to-morrow afternoon, but several of his
political friends are on the ground watcli
nig every movement having a bearing on
tho United Slates Senatorial vote.
As to the result there Is nothing but
conjecture. Attorney General Elklns
who is Quay's most prominent BUpporter
said to-night that there was no doubt
of the organization of the Senate and tho
House by the regulars and that Quay
would be elected United States Senator
on the first ballot. Quay's vote, he an
nounced, is 135 in both branches of the
Legislature. The number of votes re
quired to elect is 127. so that if Mr. El
kins' prediction. Is verified, the fight will
soon be over. Senator Snyder, who ex-
P£ ct s to be re-elected President pro tern,
ot the Senate, takes an equally optimistic
view of the prospects of Colonel Quay
The figures are said to be the result of
the most rigid Inquiry into the purposes
of members of the Legislature which
will meet here on New year's day If
the regulars should be able to organize
the Senate and the House, all doubts of
Quay s election would vanish, but promi
nent Insurgents and Democrats assert
that the House will be controlled bv them
and that the election of its officers will
be the forerunner of Quay's defeat.
The statement was . made to-day that
every Democratic member of the Legis
lature but one had signed a paper con
taining a sufficiency of names of Demo
crats and anti-Quay Republicans to make
sure of Quay's defeat for Senator. This
list also showed that the Insurgents and
lh^. Democrats would organize the House.
The fact that Colonel Quay has rented
a house for the winter is interpreted by
ni3 enemies as meaning that he antici
pates a protracted struggle. They declare
that his apparent confidence in victory
is assumed. His friends believe he stands
a good chance of winning.
Claim He Will Be Elected
Senator on the First
Ballot.
QUAY'S FRIENDS
ARE CONFIDENT
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 27.— The directors of
the California Improvement Company,
Colonel George E. I.#!Khton. S. A. Bemis,
S. \\*. Forneyce. Charles Clark and R. C.
Kerens, at a meeting held here adopted
a resolution authorizing the winding up
of the affairs of the company and the
transfer of the property of the Los An
geles Terminal Railroad Company, all of
tti* lands and belongings, to the San
Pedro, 'Los Angeles and Salt Lake Bail
road. This action will be, ratified at a
meeting of the stockholders to be held In
Kast St. Louis. In accordance with the
laws governing Illinois corporations, on
Monday. January 14.
The San Pedro, Los^Angeles and Salt
Lake articles of Incorporation estimate
the length of this proposed road at 1100
miles and the tost of equipage and build
ing a\ $25,000,000. The company's head
quarters are to be at Salt Lake City. The
capital stock authorized is $25,000,000 and
the par value of shares $100.
Action Taken by Directors
of California Improve
ment Company.
TRANSFER ALL
THE PROPERTY
The members of St. Peter's parish ten
dered their pastor, Rev.' P. S. Casey, a
reception last evening in the parochial
hall as a welcome to tha reverend father,
who has just returned from a year's rest
and vacation In Europe. That the rest
was beneficial to him was apparent to
every one and In the course of Father
Casey's reply to the welcoming addrea*
he said that he felt ten years younger and
that he never was in better health in his
life.
The hall was tastefully decorated for
the occasion with everereens and holly.
Over, the stagre.in bold letters of silver,
was the Inscription, "Welcome Home."
An interesting programme was rendered
during the evening. It was as follows;
March. 'Rifle Regiment" (Souna). orchestra:
chorus. "Welcome." senior pupils of St. Peter's
Academy; cornet solo, "The Holy City. ' O.
Ap«l; choral. "South Winds Blow," 8t Peter's
Choral Society; specialties, J. C. ODonnell;
duet for flute and clarionet; "The Butterny."
C. Dlckman and B. Dowland; chorus "Home
Again," boy? of St. Peter's School; address P
J. Tormey; reply. Rev. P. S. Casey: tenor
»olo, selected, William .J. O'Brien; address,
Rev. P. C. Yorke; Informal reception.
P. J. Tormey delivered the address of
welcome. In reply Father Casey said in
part :
Words cannot express my happiness to be
again back in my dear parish. But I* feel that
during my absence the work has been perfectly
attended to by the Rev. Father P.|C. Yorke.
In Boston the father* were all anxious to have
him come and permanently reside In that city.
His reputation has spread from the Atlantic
to the Pacific. But I am sure that he will
never leave San Francisco until he I* railed
by the Holy Father to take charge of a diocese.
We have a beautiful church In this parish,
dedicated to St. Peter, but the parish house Is
In a very bad condition. In the past the peo
ple have responded nobly to appeals, and I do
now hope that they will do all in their power
to build a new abode for the parish priests,
which certainly we are very much In need of.
Rev. Father P. C. Yorke closed the re
ception with a few remarks.- He said in
part: i
When I assumed charge of this parish a year
agro I was very dubious ss to what the result
¦K-culd be. I was a perfect stranger to you all
and had never had any parochial experience be
fore, but thanks to you all the task became
very easy for me. I wish to thank Father
Lyons, Father Grant, Father McDonald and the
good Sisters of Mercy, who have done so much
to assist me. The Christian Brothers are also
to be praised for the good work that they have
done, They mold the minds of your children
and teach them how .to become stanch and
lcyal Cathollos. The parish Is sadly in need
ot a new abode for th» clergy. The present
house fall* to keep out either the wind or the
rain. They may talk about there being; mi
crobes out In the City and County Honpltat
but I am sure that the parish house Is Just
a* full of them.
I wish to thank you for your hearty co-opera
tion with me. I have never spent a happier
year In my life than I have as the temporary
pastor of this parish.
At the close of Father Torke's address
the members 'of the parish, passed fay
Father Casey in rotation and all shook
hands with him and assured him of th«*ir
pleasure at seeing him return safe and
in such good health.
Following is a list of the committee*
that arranged the reception:
Finance— R. Hlggtns, John Kenny, L. C.
Cull, Joseph Doran and James Burke. -
Proframme and talent— D. P. ¦ Ke«fe. Harry
Plnkham. Dr. C. F. Griffin. Miss Sullivan and
Mies Hayes.
Press and publicity— E. D. Sullivan, L. J.
Dwyer, Dr. Lagan. Miss Mary Dunne and Miss
Aitnes Kendrlck.
Decorating— Mlsa X. B. Sullivan, Mrs. Re«
mlReh, Miss C. Fltzpatrick. Mlsa Reglna Cloary
and Miss Nellie Magulre.
Printing and Invitation— E. B. Slnrln. J. J.
Donovan, John H. McCarthy, Miss L. Madden
and Miss Lulu Sullivan. .
Reception — James Butler, I James CBiien. M.
J. Hurley. J. B. Jounlen. John B. Behan,
Peter J. Curtis, Richard Curtis, Peter J. Ha«
gerty, Thomas Maguire, James E. Gallagher.
J. C. Flood. George Ryan, David QogKin, Den
nis " Kelly, John O'Brien. Edward Fennesspy,
J. CO* Donnell," Patrick Clearr. * J. H. Doyle.
Thomas Cusack. P. Sullivan, E. R. O'Connor,
Thomas v Curran. Dennis Courneen, James
O'Connor, Frank McAleer, D. Keefe and J.
McCarthy. '
Parishioners of St. Piter's
Greet Father Casty at
a Reception.
WELCOME THEIR
BELOVED PASTOR
THE OFFICIAL WHO WILL ACT AS REPRESENTATIVE IN THIS
CITY OF THE FRENCH REPUBLIC DURING THE ABSENCE OF
CONSUL GENERAL TROBRIAND.
WASHINGTON, Doc. 27.-Th» Secre
tary of War to-day purchased the freight
steamer Samoa, now at Hongkong, for
use In transportation to San Francisco of
the volunteer army in the Philippines.
The Samoa will have to be altered for
that purpose, and the work will be done
at Hongkong. The officials refuse to state
the price paid for the vessel or the names
of : the owners.
Beturn of Volunteers.
Freight Vessel to Be Used for the
WASHINGTON, Dec. 27.— In accordance
with an order issued by the War Depart
ment to-day the division of custom? an 1
insular affairs of the office of the Secre
tary of War. created In December. 1508.
hereafter will be known as the "divialon
of insular affairs," and will have charge
of matters pertaining to the civil affairs
connected with the government of Cuba
and the Philippine Islands, as rfixtin-
Kuished from matters of purely military
character.
? -
PURCHASES THE SAMOA.
to Have Charge.
Department in War Secretary's Office
nraXJLAB CIVIL AFFAIRS.
Secretary of the Navy Long Recom
mends to the President That
This State Be Honored. •
The effort being made by the San Fran-
Cisco Chamber of Commerce to have a
battleship named " after California bids
fair to meet with succesn. Secretary of
the Navy Long ha« expressed his ap
proval and has asked the I President to so
honor the Golden State. The citizens of
Los Anrele* are endeavoring- to have one
of the cruisers named after their city.
Senator Perkins forwarded the following
letter from Mr. Long to 'the local organ
ization :-
Senator Perklns-^D>ar Sir: I have your
letters of _the 13th an<J 19th lnelostn*
copies of resolutions by the Chamber of
Commerce of i'an Francisco and • of Santa
Barbara County, California, asking that
the name of California be Ktven to a
battleship Instead of a cruiser, and a commu
nication from the president of tho Chamber of
Commerce of Los Auueles, California, asking
that one of th« ¦ cruiser* be named "L©9 An
geles," after that city. I have rrcommended
to tho President to name one of the battleship*
ir authorised, "California." That being the
case, I can hardly recommend to htm to nanut
one of tbe cruisers ."Los Angeles." Inasmuch
u tb«r* art so many States which are a*ktn •
for the name of cities In them. Very truly
yours. • JOHN D. Long.
8#cr»tary of the Navy.
. Washington, D. C, D«c. 20. UOO.
BATTLESHIP MAY BE
¦¦: V NAMED "CALIFORNIA"
was nothing, peculiar, about his action*
until his mother requested him to go to
the bakery across the street for
some bread. The request seemed to anger
him and his rage "was out of all bounds
in a moment. s
First picking up a piece of washing
The thirty-fifth annual reunion and ban
quet of the Caledonian Club, which was
held in Scottish Hall last night, was one
of the most enjoyable and successful ever
held under the auspices of the society.
The large hall was crowded with ladles
and gentle-men and every seat at the table
was occupied. N .
The installation of the new officers was
the first part of the programme, and the
duty was performed by retiring Chief An
gus McLeod, who after the ceremony was
presented with a valuable diamond locket.
Later in the evening the club piper. Neil
Lindsay, was presented with a beautiful
gold tnedalJ as he had won for seven years
in succession the prize at the annual gath
erings for being the best dressed High
lander.
The new chief,: A. M. Macpherson, pre
sided, at the banquet and acted as toast
master. The toasts were: "The President
of the>United States," "The Queen," "The
Land We Left," responded to by J. D. Me-
Gilvray, "The Land -We Live In," re
sponded to by W. H. Barnes; "The Cale
donian Club," responded to by Colin M.
Boyd; "Sister Societies," responded to by
President Allan Pollok of St. Andrew's
Society: ""Universal Brotherhood," re
sponded to by.J. A. Emery of the Knights
of St. Patrick; "The Press," responded to
by Charles Morrison," and "The Ladies."
Songs were sung by First Chieftain An
drew McNair and George Bt. J. Bremner.
Dancing was indulged in by the young
folks In the lower hall till an early hour.
Among those present were the following
named:
Chief and Mrs. A. M. Macpherson, A. Mc-
Leod, Miss Margaret McLeod. Miss Etta Me-
Leod, Daniel M. • Murphy, D. A. McLeod, Alex
ander Macpherson. Georgia Macpherson. W. B.
Nlccl, C. B. Sedgrwlek, CSeorge St. ¦ J. Bremner,
Fannie Turner, R. A. Chlsholm. Flora I. Chis
holm. C. Chisholm, D. R. McXelll, Elizabeth
Macdonald. George St. Mary, Vera C. McXelll,
Harry Van Vllet. Mr. and Mrs. James A.
McKay, ¦• Mrs. Captain McXelll, Ross McXelll,
Mr. and Mrs. L>. D. McRae, William Bal
naves, Colonel C L. Taylor, A. H. Emery.
J. A. Emery, A. D. McLean,. C. McLean.
Charles WY Moser, John F. Kennedy, Colin
M.. Boyd. John Reid,' John D. McGllvray, Allan
Pollok • W. H. Barnes, Dr. A. McFadyen and
wife. Professor W. J. O'Brien and wife, Mrs.
M. Anderson, George W. Elder and wife, Mrs.
Peter WIckman, Miss Irene- Wlckman, Ray
Howard Elder, ¦•Miss May Broanan, J. D. Mc-
Connell. John W. Moore. Mlis Annie Broman.
B. -Y. Squire, - Mrs. - B. T. Squire. J. B. Clark.
Mrs. J. B. Clark, Mrs. Rae Brown. Miss Q.
Rae Brown, Miss J. Davidson, Mies J. Brown,
Mr. and Mrs: George Davidson, A. J. Menne,
Archibald Reid, B. J. Judge, Mrs. B. J. Judge.
D. R. Campbell, Allan McKinnon, Mrs. A. K.
MacXelll, J. A. Munroe. Professor Findlay and
¦wife, O. Maclntyre, Miss A. Crowder. Miss
E. Crowder, ¦ Mrs. Allan McKinnon. John D.
McGllvray Jr.
Mr. and Mrs. John Reid, Mr. and Mrs. F.
LlvlogBton Dunn, .Miss Oreenham, Miss Mc-
Nab,* Mlas-Dugfran. Andrew and:. Mrs.* Wllkte/
Mrs. John D. . McGllvray Jr., . David Dalzlel,
Miss J. Pollok, Mr. and Mrs. A. McNaJr, Mr.
and Mrs. J. D. ¦ McGllvray, Mr. and Mrs. H.
P. Dwight, ' Mr. and Mrs. McLaren, Archibald
Reid, -A." B. C. McUilvray, Mr. and Mrs. An
drew Wood, Mr. and Mrs. R. W. Green,
Charles S. Cram,. Miss K. Cram. James Kirk.
Mrs." Kelly. Mr. and Mrs. U. S. Q. Clifford,
Mr. and Mrs. J. H, Duncan, « Miss Nettle B.
Duncan, Mr. and Mrs. H. Friedman, Mr. and
Mrs. T. H. Anderson. Mr?. William , O' Brlen,
Miss ¦ M. O'Brien, Mr. and Mrs. Jam«a R.
Watson, Mr. and Mrs. W. R. King, Miss
Osama, Miss Rivera and Miss Marlnl, John M.
Duncan, Jessie C. Duncan, "Mrs. AlextMcDon
aid Miss Chrtstene McDonald, W. J. whinney,
Mr. and Mrs. J. W, Christie, S. McGregor,
Captain and Mrs. J. H. Bruce, Mr. and Mrs.
W. Morgan, Mrs. Fleming. Mr. Mid Mrs. Thomad
M. Millar. Daniel McPhee and Mrs. • McPhee.
Charles A." McPhee. Hugh J. McPhee.- ; Mrs.
C." McAdam, Mr. and Mrs. J. McKay, Mr. and
Mrs. F. Flnley. Lucy A. Kec gan, P. J. Mo-
Cormack, Dac«y. A. Bethell. Thomas W.
Bethell. James \V. Harris, Martha Harris. Em
ma Gaige. Andrew Abrott. Mary J. McDonald.
M. McKinnon. , Teresa McDonald, Dr. and Mrs.
J. A; J. * McDonald, • H. M. Spencer, Mr. and
Mrs.: T. Graves, Mr. and Mrs. F* McDonald.
William 8. Free, John W.. Cameron, MIbs Maud
Cameron. " Dr. ¦ Charles M. Troppmann. Mrs.
j.- a. * Crosby. ¦ Mrs. > John Duncan. John Dun
can Mrs fiporge MacJonalil, Mr. and Mrs.
Michael McNeil, Miss Teresa O*Day. Alexander
D ¦ Cameron,' James Gorie, A. W. Peach, Mrs.
a! . \W Peach. Miss ; Florence ' Howell. Edwin
Gorle, ¦ Mr. and Mrs.' A. • H." Macddnald. Sadie
A. Larkin. V aeorgn Edmondson. - Mrs. La rkln.
Mr. and Mrs. Carmlchael,' Mr. and Mrs.. J. F.
Macdonald, Mr. and Mrs. Dan Macdonald, Mr.
and Mrs.-' Neil A. McLean, Ed McGlennon, J.
L. Lyons, r Alice Murchlson, Neil Lindsay,
Sibyl Campbell. Mr. and Mrs. , James A. Mac
donald and Adam ¦¦ A.. Ross. ¦.--.-¦
Toasts and Presentations
at th9 Annual
Banquet.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 27.— To save* her
self from being hacked to pieces
by her mad son yesterday after
noon, Mrs. Qustave Cohen of 1533
Willow street, struggled for half
an hour before she finally released herself
from his deadly grasp. As a result of the
encounter the mother's body is covered
with black and blue marks. She owes her
life to the fact that she is robust and that
her son is in an emaciated physical con
dition, for they were alone in the house.
Yesterday was Mrs. Cohen's day for
housecleanlng. Her son Laseer, who has
been slightly demented for over a year,
was about the house assisting to do small
things under his mother's direction. There
CALEDONIANS AT
FESTAL BOARD
LESSER COHEN. WHO WHILE DE
MENTED NEARLY KILLED H IS
MOTHER WITH A HATCHET.
B^ROX M. H. de St. Laurent, who
has been appointed to the posi
tion of Acting Consul of France
during the absence of Consul
General Count A. de Trobriand.
arrived in the city yesterday, accompanied
br fcI , s J rtfe - They took apartments at the
Hotel Baltimore on Van Ness avenue, and
the Baron at once proceeded to straighten
out the tangled .state of affaire caused by
The suicide of the former Vice Consul.
Paul Antoine.
Baron St. Laurent, although compara
tively a young man, is no novice in con
tular alfaire. Ills Government early placed
upon his ehoulders great responsibilities,
and these he has discharged with sucn
marked ability that he has been selected
to handle the affairs of state between the
two countries in this most important post
In the West.' His knowledge of the con
ditions affecting iho Pacific Coast wis
gained by many years* residence as a
irpreser.tative of the French republic in
York, Oalvoston, Philadelphia. Que
bec «nd Chicago. His last three years of
•ilTieial life wore spent in Vancouver,
That Baron dp St. Laurent is made of
good diplomatic stuff Is evidenced by his
actions in Madagascar, when the dusky
Wueen of that tropical African island de
clared war against France. The Baron
then^had about O.iW.OOO natives to deal
with, end only twenty-two Frenchmen to
aid him. These were at Motzanga. away
in the Interior. Armed natives were be
tween them and the coast, but the Baron,
aided only by a young lad, led them
through safely and won the praise ami
g|M decoration of his Government.
"It was the worst experience I ever
«ad." said the Baron yesterday, "but I
yiappily got through it ail right. It was
rothing." he said, with a shrug of the
"houldors.
"I a.m delighted to be in San Francisco,"
he continued, "if even for a short time.
The French colony is to united, so inde
fiendent and so full of good <leeds. Those
afiics— they are working hard to give the
vioor a little comfort"— referring to some
laflles of the society preparing presents —
"and they work day and night. Even in
my brief *Ftay so far. I find San Krancls
co's French colony one of the most closely
united and patriotic that I have seen."
As soon as the Baron and his wife have
'(¦¦covered from the fatisrue incident to
•h»ir unexpected call and necessarily hur
ried departure from Vancouver, they will
be made the recipients of a number of
»ocial functions at the hands of the lead
ing member? of the French colony.
SAYS A BLONDE
WOMAN SHOT HIM
Mysterious Tragedy in the
Office of an Indianapolis
Citizen. ;
INDIA NAPOLIS. Dec. 27.— William H.
Smyihe, secretary of the Masonic Grand
ix>dse of this State, was shot in the head
in his office in the Masonic building
Fhortly after noon to-day. ¦ Mr. Smythe
eays a woman did the shooting, but the
police have so far been unable to locate
her. It is believed he cannot live.
... v. ,- a. Colernan. an attorney, found
Mr. JSrnythe shortly after he was shot.
Hi- went to Sir. Smythe's 'office' fn .the
Masaonlc building soon after -noon and
i<tu:»d him lying in a pool of blood on
the floor. Mr. Coif man says, he detected
ihe smeJl of gunpowder the moment he
stepped into tne room.
The wounded man was in a semi-con
tcious condition, but was able at intervals
to utter a few coherent words. The po
lice asked Mr. Smythe to tell who did the
shooting and he told them his son would
frire the information. He was able to
say, however, that he was seated at his
desk when a blonde woman entered his
office and a^ked to use the telephone,
'fehe had been there several times before,
«*nd this last call irritated him and he re
fused her request. He claimed that after
he refused hor the use of the telephone
the drew a revolver from the bosom of
her dre?$ and tired.
Shortly after the tragedy Dr. Elmer
Smyihe, tbe son referred to_ came in- He
intiMed that he knew nothing of the
woman or lh«> shooting.
A surgeon was called immediately after
the phooting, and when he arrived he be
pan probing for the bullet. The wound
¦was directly behind the rlfe-ht ear and In
a short time parts of the bullet were
found and extracted.
Boon after the Fhootihg Mr. Bmythe
.- ¦ -kr d for his son, Elmer, and requested
that all leave the room-* for a few lnln
•¦¦'ry. which was done. I^ater he said his
Fon would grive them the name of the
v.oman and all about her. The son per
5i*ied in his statement that he knew noth
ing of her. An attempt was made to lo
cate the woman at the Lorraine, but in-
QUlry developed the fact that there- -was
or had been no woman connected with the
hotel who could have done the shooting.
When the eearcl. failed to reveal any
trace of her the theory was advanced
that Mr. Smythe had attempted to take
tils own life. The persons who advanced
the theory eay it is strengthened by the
fact that within the last year Mr. 8mvthe
had threatened to take his life. HU son
*a!d that while his father had been very
rfierpondftnt at times during the past year
he was unwilling to lx>lieve that he had
attempted to kill himself.
At the home of Mr. Smythe it was im
jy»PFible to find any clew to the woman
•who h» paid "did the shooting.
Mr. Smythe Is widely known In In
diana. He ramp to this city twenty-five
vears apo from Greencastle to take the po
fition of secretary of the Masonic C» r and
I oflge of Indiana, a position which he has
filed to the pre*>*>nt time. He Is one of
the best-known Masons in the State and
if hlphly esteemed. Early in the summer
Mr Smythe received a sunstroke, which
incapacitated him for work. In fact he
has never recovered.
She Struggles for Half: an Hour, but Keeps Silent, Fear
¦ ing to Bring Disgraee Upon Him.
•soap the son threw It at his mother with
all his strength. The frisrhtened look on
her face pleased him greatly, and h*
laughed uproariously. Frightened at the
spectacle Mrs. Cohen Btarted to run down
the hallway toward the kitchen door, but
cefore she reached the door the son over
took her. ¦
In the struggle that followed mother
and son fell through the kitchen door
upon the rear porch. Several times there
was imminent danger of a fall down the
rear flight of steps, a height of eight feet
On this porch the Cohens have been ac
customed to keep their wood and coal and
a hatchet, and this hatchet tbe son se
cured and turned it against his mother.
In his weakened condition, however, dus
to his dementia, he was not able to carry
out his Intention, more than to strike her
once or twice across the breast. Fortun
ately. Mrs. Cohen's clothing was quite
heavy and the not-over sharp blade
failed to penetrate to the flesh.
By this time the son was pretty well
exhausted and when th#> Climax came ne
sank to the floor, hardly able to move.
The mother then got cut of harm's way
as soon as she could. Sh« said to-day that
she would have called for help but that
she preferred to suffer herself and be
spared the humiliation attendant upon the
arrest of her aon for insanity.
Mrs. Cohen was persuaded by her other
son* to- have Lasser placed in an asylum,
and thla morning she had him arrestel
and taken to the Receiving Hospital In
Oakland to undergo an examination for
. insanity.
"It was the first time he ever became
violent," said Mrs. Cohen. "He has tw»eti
Impudent a number of times, but there
never was anything to indicate that he
would become suddenly mad. I wai ter
ribly frightened when he reached the
hatchet, but I was determined that I
would not cry out. I felt that I was
strong enough to overcome him myself.
"I have had my son under a physician's
care for a long time. I had hopes that
he would recover. They wanted ms «»
have him sent to an asylum, but I am hi*
mother and I could not bear to think c."
anything of that kind."
Conen was formerly connected with the
San Francisco Postofflce as a carrier,
which position he held for a number of
years. A year aro he lost his place and
he has done nothing since. Lately he has
been acting queerly. His dementia is due
to cigarette smoking.
TARIFF BILL FOR
THE PHILIPPINES
Taft Commission Completes
Measure and Reports to
Washington.
MANILA. D-c. 27.— The Philippine Com
mission has completed the tariff bill and
mailed It to Washington for approval. The
decision of the commission will be made
public Monday.
The first question dealt with by the
commission affecting an issue between the
church and the United States Government
is whether the control of the San Jose
medical college Is vested In the Govern
ment or In the church. The r college was
established by bequest in the seventeenth
century %nd the Jesuit order was given its
control. When the authority of the
Jesuits In the Philippines ceased the Span
ish Government assumed the direction of
the college, and later permitted the Do
minican order to conduct San Jos© Colleg*
as part of the University of Santo Tomas
Following the American occupation a rep
resentative of the people insisted that the
college under the treaty of Paris came
into the control of the United States and
ought not to be controlled by the church.
The church authorities claimed the
church had full legal possession General
Otis finally closed the institution. Th« first
hearing took place shortly after the com
mission arrived. Archbishops Chapell*
and Nozaleda made the presentations of
the church.
If the commission decides that the con
trol is vested in the Government litigation
is considered probable.
DIES IN MANTXA.
Fir3t Lieutenant Walter Slack a Vic
tim of Disease.
"WASHINGTON, Doc. 27.— A cablegram
from General MacArthur at Manila re
ceived at the War Department to-day an
nounces the death of First Lieutenant
Walter T. Slack, Forty-seventh Volunteer
Infantry, from dysentery, on Christmas
night.
Lieutenant Slack was born July 10, 1S73
at Grayson, Carter County, Jvy. He waa
appointed a s*»cond lieutenant of the Sec
ond Kentucky Volunteer Infantry at the
outbreak of the war with Spain and wm4
honorably mustered out In October. 1X98.
In August, 1899. he was commissioned a
second lieutenant in the Forty-seventh
Volunteer Infantry, and in November of
that year he embarked with his regiment
for the Philippines. He was promoted
to be a first lieutenant on August 2»> last.
Baron M. H. de St. Laurent Comes Down From Vancouver;
B. C, to Fill the Temporary Vacancy ;
Arrangements are, being rapidly com
pleted for the Red Cross watch night
meeting to be held In this city on New
Tear's eve. The affair will take place in
Golden Gate Hall, and promises an ample
return of funds for the National Red
Cross Endowment. At a meeting of the
directors of the society held yesterday 'at
the^ residence of Mrs. John F. Merrill the
reports received gave assurance of a very
interesting order of exercises. The ar
rangements for the literary part of the
programme are ' In the hands of Mrs I
Lowenberg, Mrs. F. G. Sanborn, Mrs.* C a!
Slack and. Mrs. W. R. Smedberg. The ex
ercises will be presided over by Mrs. John
F. Merrill and Miss Anna Beaver will
have charge of the music. . -.., . ,
Rev. Dr. Adams of- the Congregational
church-will offer, an- Invocation and Rev
Dr. Leavitt of the First Unitarian Church
Mayor Phelan. ;F. J. Symmes and other
well-known citizens will speak. 1 Through
the courtesy of Colonel Rawles, the* Third
Artillery Band will furnish music during
the evening. At midnight the fine vested
choir of the Good Samaritan Mission—
twenty-eight men and boys— will enter tho
hall singing .the processional hymn, "On
ward, Christian Soldier,": and later will
render a number, of their finest songs and
hymns. ; . " ¦ ".¦¦¦; - -.•-:-•¦¦.¦..,¦ ¦.,-.,-
The "world greetings' to be received
will Include' messages fronr crowned
heads. Tolstoi, Lord- Roberts, Chambe-
lain. Dreyfus. Sir Edwin Arnold, Hall
Calne, Kruger and Anthony Hope.
The members of the society desire to
return thanks to the public and merchants
of San Francisco for the generotm • man
ner in which they responded, to their ap
peal for money : and -useful articles by
means \ of which >. the ' soldiers and sailors
were made happy at Christmas time
Ladies of the Society Will
Give Fine Programme .
New Year's Eve.
Oaklaml Office San Francisco Cail.
111$ Broadway, Dec. 2*.
Developments In the mystery of the dis
appearance of Captain Herman Stendel
of the sloop Lulu have reached a stage
where the authorities of Contra Costa
County are convinced that murder was
done; that Stendel was the victim of a
bay pirates' quarrel and was killed by a
companion, for whom Sheriff .Veale of
Martinez Is now searching In three coun
ties. 'x-* 1 ?^. -. ¦ . '^-^7 . v - ¦" ¦. ¦¦¦:
Since the strange of the Point
Plichmond mystery was uncovered all
sorts of theories havo been afloat to; ac
count : for the sudden dropping out of
sight of Stendel. Th-.- cries that wer«i
heard in the dark night, the appearance
in the morning of the deserted sloop, the
still unsolved circumstances combined to
force a surmise, at least; of, something
more than mere accident to account for
the affair. Indeed, as soon as It wait
brought to the attention of Sneriff Veal?
that official decided to • make the most
thorough Investigation possible. .
Another boat and aaother man, dark
visaged and piratical in bearing, have ap
peared Upon the scene to complicate the
case and. to cast more clouds ¦ upon the
situation. The Sheriff would be glad to
find that man and to locate a 1 sloop of
green hull, and size and rig almost iden
tical with the Lulu.
In his inquiries to-day at Point Rich
mond Sheriff Veale had a long interview
with Watchman Masuire, the railroad
employe at Point Richmond, who heard
the shrieks for assistance last Thursday
night. Magulre said:
"A couple of days. before that night I
saw a green boat of about the same aize
and rig. as the sloop Lulu anchored off
the Point." A couple of men came ashore
from the boat. One of those men wa« a
dark-featured fellow and did not seem
to be a companionable appearing
stranger. Shortly after that the green
boat disappeared and 11 did not see any
more of It. The circumstance did not
make any special impression upon me at
tho time, but now I am satisfied, in view
of the developments, that this dark man
was a partner of Stendel, who was un
doubtedly the other man that came
ashore." , •/.-„.-
Added to this is the further statement
of Sheriff Veale: "In trying to trace thi*
green boat I found that it was near the
sloop Lulu the moraine after the cries
were heard. The cacaln of the Ocean
Wave saw the green Moop lying near the
Lulu. He saw a man leave the strange
sloop in a small boat, pull over to the
Lulu and pick up a Whitehall boat that
was made fast to the stern of the Lulu.
The man towed the Lulu's boat back to
his sloop, made sail and left the Point."
Continuing Sheriff Veale said: "I be
lieve that when I find the green sloop and
her owner I will be close upon a solution
of this Point Richmond mystery. There
is no question In my mind that this miss
ing man. was murdered."
The finding on the Lulu of a great
quantity of railroad car fittings and cast
ings used in repair .work on cars and
tracks has caused an Investigation con-'
cernlng the stuff. In this connection Dep
uty Sheriff John Striker of this city has
the following to say: "From what I can
see I am satisfied that this is a case of
a quarrel between two bay pirates about
the division of plunder ' and that one
knocked the other overboard. For sever
al months much complaint has been made
of the theft from the railroad yards along
the bay shore, notably at Port Costa and
Sulsun, of large quantities of valuable
railroad Iron, journals, and other brass
castings.
"The idea prevailed that the thieves
carried' this stuff' away , in wagons and
hauled It to Oakland and to San Fran
cisco and this, city, disposing: of It at
good prices to junk Sealers. But I was
satisfied after a careful watch that the
stuff was not cominff overland. , I be
lieved that bay pirates \Vere responsible
for the wholesale stealing. The point*
from which the stuff was tnken are all
on the bay shore, accessible from a boat.
The Point Richmond disclosures convince
me that the thieves were on the Lulu and
had been long using hor and perhaps
other ploops of her handy rig for their
piratical excursions. One cannot plaus
ibly account In any other way for the
stuff found on the sloop. If it were being
freighted legitimate owners would have
long since claimed the property, and that
no one has appeared in that role pottles
me In my conviction that It was stolen,
every pound of it." ~
Sheriff Veale has searched the bay
shore and Oakland harbor for the green
sloop without success. He will continue
the hunt about the bay. ;
WATCH MEETING
FOR RED CROSS
Contra Costa Peace Officers Firm In
Belief That a Crime Was "Com
mitted Aboard the Sloop
Lulu. .
Unknown Green Vessel Now
Figures in Point Rich
mond Mystery.
MURDER WAS DONE
THE SHERIFF SAYS
ACTING REPRESENTATIVE
OF THE FRENCH ARRIVES
MOTHER BATTLES FOR HER
LIFE WITH HER MAD SON
'¦-I . ; . • ~ . :•: ¦-., ,' ¦ •.¦-.¦VOX vv;.-- v\ ,v. , / :¦• "..:.. :.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, V. DECEMBER 28, 1900.
,0
9THE SAW JfKAJNiJlSUU UAJjL, If KID AY, DECEMBER 28, 1900.
10
SAX FRAJV CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Coll. corner cf Market «xd Third street* ; open
cr.tll n o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until S:38 p. m.
SCO Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
fSJ McAllister street; open until S:SO p. m.
ns Lnrkin street: cpen until 8:80 p. ra.
IMl Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
ltd Market street, ccrner Sixteenth: open
c-r.tll • p. m.
JP6 Eleventh etreet: open until J p. m.
10?6 Valencia etreet: cpen until » p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftreetff open until 9 p. m.
MEETING XOTICES. vj<
OALTTOBNIA. Commandery No- \. K.
T7 S Post st.-It«rular asKmbly THIS ««gg*
A^StS S^^fnviVed^Bt-^r
of the Command^. t GRAVES< Reeor<ieri
A ?b.^c I cta ee and , ™J>_
W.U be conferred THIS (FBI-
DAT) EVENING. December 2S. "
fcy Apollo Lodge degree team, at 8 o'clock.
StoBMti at 7:30 p. m. Visiting brethren
eordlalUr H. ZOBEU N. G.
¦W. F. NORCROSS. Recording Secretary-
NOTICE-Members M. E. B. A. No.
Trpe"nsr FRIDAT. December 2S, 8 p. m..
?«se*ittena E. MURPHY. President.
\Y. WARIN. Secretary.
tpa'VG VaJley Water Works— Annual Meeting
-T» ; e annual meeting of the stockholders of
th(."pFrir.K Valley Water Works will be held
s.t the office of the company. No. 12S Stock-
ton street. San Francisoo. California, at 12
"clocic M.. on WEDNESDAY, the 9th day
of January. 1901. to elect trustees to serve
for the enrulng year and for the transaction
of such other business &s may come beiore
the meeting. San Francisco. California.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
THE anr.uaJ ir.*et!nK of the stockholder* «f th«
Nevada National Bar.k of San Francisco, Cal..
• •11 be held et it- banking house. SCI Mont-
ccmery tt.. San Francisco. Cal.. on TUES-
DAY. J*r.u«iry S. 19CL at 1:15 o'clock p m
Icr the election of dlr<?ctors to serv» for the
*r.FuinB year anJ the transaction of such
sr fcusiDc£s " "g^grant: £•*«¦
Pan Frvv'^rr, Pc.-rnMw S. l90f'-
AG12XTS WAXTEO.
SOI ICITOKS wanted; men or women: good
salaries warranted: payable either weekly or
monthly; expenses paid. S" Market, rm. 61i.
AGENTS to introduce best thing on coast. Ad-
ot-pfs nunrtf* Mfg- Co-- »• Flood bldg.. S. F.
ADOPTION.
A GOOD home open for girl or boy baby. Add.
Mr,. Dr. Funke. 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda.
ASI'HALTIM ROOF1SG.
3 PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks r*-
'palred: postal. US6 Mission: tel. Folsom 163<-
ASTIIOLOUV.
DR C. TOUSET TAYI/JR. Scientific Aetrolo-
p«r_Free copy "The New Moon/' 785 Market.
ATTUnXEYS AT LAW.
B- W. KING. K7 Market St.. 6tb floor, room 627 I
—Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy, j
collections; all cases; fair fee; no advance I
charges; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537. J
ADVICE iree; divorce law a specialty: private;
no lee without success: collections. G. W.
KOWE. atty at law. £50 Market, oor. Stockton.
FRANK W FMITH: mining and probate law a
tpeclalty. Mills big., r. 3. 4th fir.; tel. Red S6H.
ADVICE tree; co charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON', S27 Market 6t.. opp. Mason.
1. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market sts.; phone Red 1282.
I* E. CLAP.K. Emma Bpreckels bldg.. S77 Mar-
Wet st.: consultation free; no fees in advance, j
¦¦ ! I
BICYCLES— For !>ale or Exchange.
ALLEN eells the Best bicycles. Columbia,
gpalding, Barnes. Hartford. Monarch. Stor-
rr.rr. Pennant. *I0 «p. 3"! Larkin & 1970 Page.
HOARDING FOR. CHILDREN.
A LADY would like a child to board. Inquire
<76 Jessie st.
BUSINESS CUA.VCES.
A JTiO CORNER grocery and bar, with 11 fur-
nished rooms; rent $40; finest business corner
In Western Addition: is doing a splendid
business. Call R. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A S300 RESTAt-T-AXT In the Mission, kept by
present owner 8 years, and always cleared
above $125 per month; rent $25; with S rooms,
UB. Call R. G. WILKE. 26Vfe geamy at.
A JiiOO CORNER grocery and bar on Nineteenth
et.. known «a one of the best paying corner
groceries in this city: rent $40; stock will In-
voice 12000; horse and wagon; only reason for
selling, owners to retire. Call R. G. WILKE.
2GV4 Kearny st.
A— J7T-0; restaurant with 2S furnlahed rooms. In
Stockton; rest iZZ: t years' le&se; owner to
leave for East; must sell quick; a good-paying
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 2€% Kearny «U
A— JS2S: RESTAURANT and chophouse opp. R.
P. cable house: rent S20; rood paying place;
investlsate socn. as rare chance. Call R. O.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— KOOO— LEADING barroom of this city; es-
tablished rr.ar.y years and doing a first-class
paving business ; place Is located near Kearny
and Market sts.: above ££00 stock on bjuad;
t; !< r.-'.i bargain: owner must leave the city
at once to attend business north. Call R. G.
WILKE, S6H Keamy tt.
A— tlTSO; CORNER grocery and bar. one block
south of McAllister 6t.; rent $45; 4V4 years'
lease; crock will invoice tbe price; a good-
payiDg business and established many years.
Call R. G. WILKE, ICVi Kearny st.
$S30 $800 $800
CORNER GROCERY. -
FTTLL VALUE IN STOCK.
FINE HOUSE AND WAGON.
Means a fortune to any one possessing aver-
age business ability; no room to doubt; must
fell; owner retiring. STENBERG CO., S35
Market St.
A— 'WANTED — A good tenant for rrand cor-
ner store and basement with fixtures suit-
able for grocery business; special Induce-
ments. Apply SPECK & CO.. 6G7 Market.
tl50 AND $200— Restaurants, all complete. In
good locations; also restaurant with bar, on
water fror.t. D. McRAE Furniture Co., SS7
Mission et. ¦. - * ;-'
COFFEE and tea route: over 600 good paying
customers; the business clears $100 per
month: tri«J. LANE & CO.. 865 Market st.
A-RESTAURANT; dally sales $20; price $400;
rent $22 60; fine for man and wife. MARION
GRIFFIN, 71» Market st.. by Call building.
$450— FRENCH laundry, with all tools neces-
sary; doing fine business. BASILE, 8 Sddy.
TV ANTED— Bakery business, city or country;
store trade business preferred. Address box
8i7. Call office.
DOWNTOWN restaurant; bargain If sold De-
cember r." ; will trade; no agents. 103 Mur-
phy building.
FOR SALE— A rood-paying fruit stand. 1576
Market et. ; a bargain.
A— NICE saloon; must be sold; good reason for
eelllng. 170 Seventh St., corner Natoma,
RESTAURANT; must sell In two days; party
leaving city. Owner. 1805 Halght St. .
FOR sale — Email restaurant: cheap; 2 living
rooms. Box SSS, Call office,.
$115— COrj-'LE saloon, near Market; also res-
taurant for J2S0; must sell. Apply 817 Mlssloo.
J25O— HALF Interest In splendid Job printing
office; rood trade. 432 McAllister st.
ON account of dissolution of partnership will
¦sell ercaJl. paying restaurant. Box S60, Call.
A— PLAT THE RACES—
JO to to per cent profit monthly on oar new
system: call and investigate. N. 8. HAND ft
CO.. expert haadlcappers, «uu H. 84 Kearny.
WANTED— A good man with IWO or 11000 cap-
ital to buy livery stable in a first-class coun-
try town: cheap rent. Particulars at 48
Eighth **.
FOR BALE— On account sickness the Working,
men's Horn* saloon. C2S Sacramento st. In-
quire premises.
$M0 CASH bays a good weekly paper: owner
must l«ave on business. Address Box 135.
Call office.
WOO— GRAND opportunity for lady or cent; loca-
tion perfect: cigars, stationery, notions. Walt-
Ing room. 23d-ave. Ftaticn. East Oakland.
A SHOEEHOP for sale: good trade; bargain.
Call <31 Turk st. .
BAKERY to let. Twenty-fourth and Guerrero;
established six years ; good corner; rent cheap.
WINS $300 per month at races; references
riven. Information Lyons. 921 Market, r. 4.
EA KEE T— Best location In the city; fine etore
trade. Address Box S32L Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109<
Valencia rt-
CARRIAGES AXD WA45OXS.
' AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, tor sale cheap.' 6S2 Mlm»lon.
NEW & 2d-hand warons. burgle*, carts * har-
tejs. work * firtrtox bone*, iith A Valencia.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MONEY loaned on lodging-houses, '¦' 1% p.' c. ;
anything you want in lodging-houses; s'mpls:
« rooms on Turk st rent $27. .Price... $300
7 rooms on Larkln st rent $40.. Pries... $450
IP rooms on Taylor st.. ...rent $40. -Price... $560
« rooms on O'Farrell St.. rent $50.. Price... $550
11 rooms on Mason st rent $35. .Price... $309
IB rooms on O'Farrell St.. rent $C5.. Price... $750
16 rooms on Turk st rent $63.. Price... $S00
16 rooms on Howard St.. ..rent $25.. Price... $750
17 rooms on Taylor st rent $S0.. Price. ..$1475
1? rooms on Taylor st rent $75.. Price... $1250
24 rooms on Leav. at rent $125.. Price... $1900
27 rooms on Powell St.. ..rent $175.. Price... $1900
44 rooms on Market et.-.rent $175.. Price.. .$2400
More money wanted to loan on lodging-
bouses en 1-3 value at 1 per cent up;
¦ rllt-edge security: no expense to lender.
For quick sales list your houses with A. L.
WILLEY. S16 Market St.; phone Black 6216.
60 ROOMS; newly furnished; rent $160 $3000
43 rooms; apartment; rent $120:* price.... 3000
S7 rooms; money-maker; near Market. ../ 1900
£2 rooms; Market; good location 1000
10 rooms; Van Ness; finely turn.; extra,.. 950
18 rooms; Eddy; just cut; only 950
23 rooms; Market; elegantly furnished... 1950
15 rooms; Leavenworth; rent $57 60 900
10 roorr.s. $450: 10 rooms, quick.. 350
10 rooms; detached: handsome yard, with
drive to barn and lease $10 month, leaving"
rent only $65 month; clears $100 month; epe-
clal snap. FISHER &. CO., lfitt Market st.
27-ROOM boarding-house; north of Market.
12 rooms; on Eddy at.
21 rooms; on Kearny. st.
Bee large list of many other bargains at office.
EMERY & CO.. 3 Eddy St.. rooms l and 2.
LARGEST list lodgrtnjr-houses; good bargains;
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHaRD.
ran. 1-2. 917 Market St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
LODGING house and restaurant In Stockton;
good for man and wife. Address JOHN Mc-
KINSEY. 647 West Market St., Stockton.
GOOD-PAYING rooming-house of 32 rooms for
sale; located at 1122 Market sC Call and see
proprietor; good reason for' eeliiag. . .
$1100—60 ROOMS: fine location: well furnished;
all rented: low rent. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorcee, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; ctrs. Sun., Wed.. Fri.ev's.
come and be convinced. Permanently, located
E13 Eday Et., bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
MRS. LESTiCR. readings daily. 50c and $1; test
circle to-night. 10c. • 122 Turk st. '
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; spirit tests,
sealed letters read. 10c; sittings $1. 14S 6th.
C. V. MILLER'S Mother Sadie eeance to-day,
12 o'clock; 60c. 10S4 Bush. nr. Leavenworth.
EARLE, 305 Taylor st.. corner Ellis— Sittings
daily; aeance Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. MAJORS, gifted rplrltual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st
FRTEXDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings daily; testa to yll to-night; 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium.
life reader, med. clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell.
C Mayo-Steers. 112H Oak, trance ¦ medium;
readings. $lr hours. 1-5 p. m.; tel. Howard 627.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Market
St.. corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
THE Quaker medium, clairvoyant and palmist;
15 years experience; her knowledge of the un-
seen forces Is Invaluable to professional and
business men, to wives and lovers: follow her
advice and you -will make no mistake. 1104
Market st., corner Mason, room 28.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader born with double ¦?ell— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 10c:
gents II; palm, and clair. alt. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
I ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
I palmist, permanently located U4S Market, opp.
6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MRS. F. CORNEWA. formerly Mrs. Anthony,
has returned to business; clairvoyant and
card reader: ladle* 25c, gents 60c. 46 7th st.
MRS. ME5LVILL, well-known clairvoyant and
water reader. 11 Sixth st; German spoken.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448% Jessie st.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reorder; 25c 7 Seventh st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry ; truth or no pay; 25c 1149 Mission.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny et.. rooms 8-10.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluentlyr business i
advice: names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth et.
CARPET BEATING AXDCLEAJflX^
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 853-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
STANDARD. S13 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated. ZSc per pair: carpets cleaned.
8c yd: laying a. specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 6c
ETRATTON'B, 3 Eighth it; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth et.: tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 533 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS^ bunions, Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains; patnlees cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 210, $27 Market Et.
DENTISTS.
AT^he ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC^ 80S Mar>
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
S3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 CO up; of-
fice hours, • a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, » to 2
p. m. G. "VST. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for CO years; crowns. $3 50; fillings, 60c: plates.
$5, full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice tree; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; . lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old platea made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 60c; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 869
Mission st. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, 60c -
MODERN DENTAL PARLORS, 1206 Market
•t: expert extracting, crown and brldgework.
A. L. SIMPSON. D. D. S:
PARIS Dental Parlor, £S5 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Pull set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
BET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut: evening class. 1019 Market si.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lng, pinking. 121 Po8t,over O'Connor A Moffatt.
DRESSMAKING : reasonable prices: dresses
made over: perfect fit. 387 Geary st. .
EDUCATIONAL.
EVENING SCHOOL, S. F. BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st. ; individual instruction
In bookkeeping, shorthand, English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.;,.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got petitions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St. .
ATRES' Business College, 723 Market at.— Day
and evening; $8 per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete ':. business educa-
tion. Including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
during the past 6 months; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert . court reporter, teacher ; of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD*S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
' ' 8. F.— Bookkeeping. ' shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.'
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tiens . guaranteed to it by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. '¦'::
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ATTENTION! — Tarr* a .' pupils thorough - book-
¦ keeping figures; short time; college graduates
perfected; expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
__ EDUCATIONAL. .' . .
ENGINEERING, civil, el ec, mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day. eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 833 Market.
-VISITING governess; English branches, piano
' and bookkeeping; 50c a lesson. . Box 747. Call.
PIANO," hist, of music, French and German.
MME. PRILL, Y. M. C. A. bldg., 5th floor.
MUNSON. School Shorthand, Typing Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
TEACHERS' Agcy. A,McNiell,MEr..r. 31, Flood
bldg. ; high school, grammar, private teachers.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
• violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION; night class. 424 Pine St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. -
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; eatab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Poet St.; near, Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE responsible housacleanlng co. ; est.
1870; practical* recommend: try them; removed
to 419 Devlaadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 626 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde- 2191.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 31S Stockton; Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Emplyoment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 428 Powell.nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Bert help. *\\V, O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
W ANTED— A ' trustworthy person : would like
position In Institution as seamstress or care
of linen-room, or any-positlon of trust. Box
861. Call office. .
A NEAT young lady wishes a position as
cashier In restaurant or bakery or lady's
maid.' 4 Vernon place, off Hawthorns St., be-
tween Folsom and Harrison.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would Ilka a position to
take care of a child or Infant; reference if re-
quired. Box 862, Call office.
COMPETENT experienced Infants' nurse
wishes position to care for 1 or 2 children;
good reference. Add. K. C, box 866, Call.
A WOMAN cook wishes to assist and do some
housework for a family of adults. Call at
7 Van Ness ave. ; Women's Union.
POSITION by commercial graduate as stenog-
rapher, \ assistant bookkeeper and typewriter.
Address D., 1641 Mission st.
WANTED — Position as copyist by a refined,
competent young lady. Box 873, Call office.
A LADY would like a posittcn doing chamber-
work in a first-class hotel; city or country.
Box 3906. Call office. .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 GO night, tl 50 to W
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. v K00 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦" . :
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desires ateady
position. Address H. KIEHL, New Atlantic
Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave.
BY a middle-aged, sober man, situation as
watchman, porter or work In store; bonds
and peferencea furnished. M., 1096 Valencia.
ENGINEER and machinist wants position as
engineer; young -man; references. Address
M. A. 8., box 864. Call office^
DISHWASHER- Competent man desires em-
ployment. Addresa E. M., box So3. Call.
WANTED— By "a medical student, a position In
a physician's office or, hospital, where he can
secure means to finish his medical education;
have had three terms in medical college; not
afraid of a little work. Box 887, Call office.
SALESMAN, experienced In wholesale grocery
line, desires position in that or good specialty
line; city or suburban towns; good references.
Box 876. Call office. :
A MIDDLE-AGED roan, practical gardener,
wishes a position In good private family; can
do all kinds of work around the house. Box
882. Call office.
SITUATION by young Swiss with extended
business experience, knowing thoroughly Ger-
man. French, Italian and English; best refer-
ences. Box 889, Call office.
SITUATION by middle-aged German as porter,
dishwasher or bedmaker; can milk cows; Is
steady and sober; city or country. Address
FRED GERBER. 623 Clay St. ¦ : •
' YOUNG man with wide experience in cream-
ery business, rood butter maker and under-
stands machinery well, desires position aa
assistant In cane. Box S994, Call office.
STEADY man wishes position - aa hostler or
man about place; can milk; -willing and
obliging; references. Box 874, Call office.
NO. 1 bookkeeper and office man, long business
experience, good references, is open for posi-
tion at once. Box S75. Call office.
.ANY kind of work "by strong young man. R.
v NOLLEROTH, 1016 Twelfth st, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED office man wishes situation as
bookkeeper, accountant or other office work;
security given If wanted. A. B. box 722, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions bas been established at 10M
Valencia Bt . ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
t v . ¦
IF you want to buy, sell or exchange anything
on earth, see E. J. LT7NDIN, 936 Market St.;
500 shares Kilt edge oil stock; sacrifice.- -
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
. their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY, 244 8tevenson st.
~ s FLATS TO LET.
A SUNNY flat; 4 rooms and bath: good condi-
tion; $14. 89 Langton St., near Seventh.
A LOWER flat of I rooms in good condition;
rent V. 647*4 J«ssl« st.
A SUNNY upper flat of 4 rooms; good condl-
tlon; $10. 118 Perry at., near Third.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
SIXTH, 636A— Nice upper flat, S rooms, bath,
yard, rear entrance; - rent $13.
4 FLATS to let; rent »10. 19. 14-14% Bruce
place, off Folsom, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
4 LARGE sunny rooms; modern Improvements.
IS Lloyd Et., off Scott, near Waller.
$7 — 4-ROOM flats on Victor St., off Bryant,/bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. 941- Bryant.
.FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat for sale; furnishings and fiat
brand new; rent $30; location choice. Ad-
dress A. B.. box 3960. Call office. \
PRATERS AL. _ - -
"CHOSEN FRIENDS" who are not over 65 and
in good health will find a proposition that
will Interest them by calling on or writing
to 6. A. D. JONES, 411 Claus .Spreckels
building, city. ¦
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4" ROOM8~furn!shed In oak $48 40. with No" 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127 :m Market.
FURNITURE to private parties; almost new;
call hours 9 to 11 a. m. 3570 Seventeenth st. !
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHA8. LEVY .buys your furniture, carpets,
. . pianos, etc. 1135 Market st.; tel. Jessie <6l.
TO receive highest value for fur.; carpets, etc.,
! see W. E. CODY. 767 Mission, tel. Red 3358.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
I price for cecond-hanl furniture; tel. Red 1134.
¦ Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1306 Larkln; tel. Polk 681;
.furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
r r^ "^ —^ —^
¦ ; HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
I "C. R. HANBEN * CO... ...Phone Grant 185"
• .......... HOTEL ¦ DEPARTMENT ...........
2 head waitresses, $30 and $25; 12 waitresses,
first-class commercial hotels, $20 and $22 50;
8 waitresses, first-class city hotels, $20; I
• chambermaids to. wait, $20; restaurant wait-
i ress, $8 week; lunch waitress, 50c;; first-class
restaurant cashier . . . j"; ;: . *.. . . ;;'. . . . ; .
i .-. ;. FLAMILY DEPARTMENT ......;...
, Houseglrl, 2 In family, north, $30, see party
here: houseglrl, country^ small .Ameri/an
family, $20, see party here; houseglrls. sec-
' ond girls, nursegirls. • C. R, HANSEN & CO
. 104 Geary «t. • . .
- TWO first-class waitresses for Southern Cali-
fornia. $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
'¦ Geary st. "-..'.. • .¦'•-.¦¦. r.. .. ¦- * : ;
- TWO ' first-class waitresses' for Salt Lake City
Utah, $20, fare advanced. . C. R. HANSEN &
• ; CO., 104 Geary st, " ;
GERMAN girl for housework, country, $25,. see
party 1 here, • fare paid. C. R. HANSEN &
: CO., 104 Geary st. ' '- ;
. YOUNG girl for light housework; no washing;
- no children. 601 Fell st.
1 WANTED— Girl photo printer. Address box
. 856. Call office. ¦;
\ , HELP WANTED-— FEMALE.
WANTED — Good all-round woman' for clean-
ing and ' dyeing house, ; or good spotter and
presser. , Call to-day and ' evening, rocra 77,
Cosmopolitan Hotel. \ - -* .-:¦- '-:*;•¦ -'W.
THREE or four young ladles of good address;
salary and commission.- CURTIS PUBLISH-
ING COMPANY.* 59 Columbian building, city.
BY a widower, a middle-aged lady to take care
k of children and do general housework. Apply
3329 Twenty-second - st. %
WANTED— Young waitress In a small restaur-
ant." $15 and room. Apply 1224 Point Lobos.
WANTED— Waitress small .restaurant. 52
Eighth st. 1 -
WOMAN or girl for light housework; -wages
$5; good home. 783, Guerrero st
SEWING Machine operators wanted at Levl
Strauss JU Co.'s overall factory, S2% Fremont
•t. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— A lady for housework; good home,
fair pay to right parly; call after 2 p. m.
116 Taylor st. . .. . ¦
WANTED— A neat girl to do plain cooking and
light housework. Apply 911 Ellis St., between
9 and 12 a. m.
A MIDDLE-AGED girl for general housework
and cooking; good wages; small washing. Ad-
dress Box SOI, Call office. .
WANTED— Apprentice girl on custom coats;
paid while learning. 916 Market, r. 82, sixth
floor.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts and over-
alls. HEYNEMANN & CO.. 410 Mission st.
GIRL 13 to 15 to assiit in general housework;
no washing. 1512 Vallejo at.
GIRLS wanted. ¦. National Laundry Co., 411
Sanchez st.
WANTED— A woman for second work. Call
720 Franklin st., 1 to 4 o'clock.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch otflce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 119$
Valencia st. _^
HELP WANTED-MALB.
AT C. R. H ANSEN^TcO^T. . ?Phooe GranTlW
• RAILROAD WORK
20 teamsters and laborers : $2 a day
For Cal. and N. W. R. R.. Ukiab...i..
Free rare New work Free fare
20 teamsters, railroad work..... $2 a day
For State of Nevada..... Free fare
20 laborers, company's work. $1 75 a day
Free fare Free fare Free fare
. 10 tunnelmen, big tunnel. Chatsworth Park
Free fare Free- fare Free fare
German milkers ....: $30 to $3S
5 miners, asphalt mine ....."..$2 a day
10 coal mlnei-s for California...... $2 60 a day
See party here to-day
Coachman and gardener, private place, coun-
try $J0
Gardener, private place, country $30
See parties in town..*.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef $100
Second cook (us
Butcher hotel $73
6 French and Italian waiters $11 week
i waiters, country hotel ..$30
Colored waiter, country club ..., $40
Colored waiter, country hotel ....\ $£*
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT
Washer and starcher, hotel laundry... $45
¦Washer, country laundry $40 and found
Washer and run engine, country laundry.. $35
One who can make etarch
Polisher and starcher, country laundry.... $50
Polisher $25
C R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary et.
A FIRST-CLASS head waiter and steward;
must be a thorough competent man; one who
has been In business for himself preferred;
$100. Apply to
C R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A CORRESPONDENT familiar with Eastern
and coaat trade In fruits, salmon and gen-
eral line of products; salary to commence,
$125. Apply to
C R. HANSEN & CO.. . 104 Geary et.
AN office boy for this office.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
A JAPANESE Janitor for institution, country,
references; {35 a month and room. >
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A SECOND cook, large country hotel, $100; see
party here this morning
Butcher for same place $75
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary «t.
M. - McGEOUGH. the laundry washer, please
call. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— 50 COAL MINERS..
60 COAL MINERS
60 COAL MINERS
FOR GALLUP. NEW MEXICO
Large vein — 70c a ton
FREE FARE. ..FREE FARE. ..FREE FARE
....Sea superintendent In our office Jan. 1.....
Married and single miners
..Call, phone, wire, write for Information..
C R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. - !
A— WANTED
Office boy for our office, $3 a week and ln-
orease. W. D. EWER A CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— WANTED ..;...
1 hand miners, steady, good job, $3 day; handy
man for private place who can run small en-
gine. $25 and found; young man as porter for
bilging house, $7 a week and room to com-
mence; waiter, restaurant, city, • $7 a week;
. second cook for boat. $25; milker, country,
$25; farmer, $20; woodchoppers, 90c, $1 25, $1 40
and $1 60 a cord, and others. W. D. EWER
ft CO., 610 Clay. Bt. '¦
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5843
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT, 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Carpenter, bridge and trestle work, near city
..?3 a day; call early on this job
Rough carpenter $2 50 a day
Strong boys to learn trade, $6 week: stable-
man, farmer and wife, ranch hands, cabinet-
maker, chore boys, laborers, etc. : mlnera:
ISO woodchoppers and tlemakers, $1, $2 and
$3 cord, 9c to 12c each, fare paid for tie-
makers. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
A— SECOND cook for the mines... $40 and found
2 waiters, $40 and board ;. baker, country shop;
German, butcher; 10 cooks, $30, $35 and $40;
hotel waiters, $30. MURRAY & READY,
631-636 Clay st. •'
A— 8 TILESETTERS. 1 plasterer, 25 laborers.
1 bench hand. 1 ahaper hand, all non-union.
Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny
st., room 9; no office fees.- j -
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
free employ, bureau; only recog. union bar-
bera. 115 Turk; teL Folsom 1583. I. Less, aec.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— A man who is or has been an en-
gineer or conductor on the S. P. R. R.; must
be a good mixer; a splendid opportunity for
the right man; must be Industrious and am-
bitious; If In doubt address or call upon the
Syndicate Company, 5 Market st. » .
WANTED— Salesman familiar with retail busi-
ness; those whp have worked in grocery or
crockery lines preferred: give references, line
of business familiar with and wages expected.
Box S65. Call office.
WANTED— 10 good male spinners, wages $1 50
per day. - Apply to A. W. R. BERR. super-
intendent Humboldt Bay Woolen Mill, Eu-
rtka, Cal. '.*,: , /
FOUR sheet metal workers, must be union
men,, at Flood building, on Broadway, -be-
tween Buchanan and Webster, F. A. GIL-
LEY & CO. ¦
WANTED— Good all round man for cleaning
and dyeing house, or good spotter and presser.
Call to-day or evening, room 77, Cosmopolitan
HcteL .-.-¦¦ .
WANTED— 8trong boy about 17: see Mr. Hend-
shaw at 9 a. m. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.,
' 36& Fremont st.
WANTED— Steady man; light indoor work:
will pay $50 monthly; $100' required. - Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777K Market st.
WANTED-Steady man ' with $200. wishing to
invest In good office, business, can make a
good salary. Box 8S8. Call ¦ .office. -. '•
WANTED— Baker, third band on bread and
cake. Apply 1829 Polk »t.
PLUMBER wanted to do jobbing. (42 Saora-
. mento st. . -„ .
WANTED— A first-class carriage painter.' 1504
Folsom St..
PROTEST ANT, boy, about 16. bright and wlll-
lng; references. Address box 871, ' Call . of flee.
BARBER - wanted for Saturday . and Sunday.
€26 Fourth st.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday, ,' Sunday and
Monday. 627 Broadway, near Montgomery avo.
BOY wanted. Union Square Market, stalls 1-3.
WANTED— Man that understands nursery work
and florist business." Call 600 Halght st.
WANTED— Bedmaker. 930 Howard St., call af-
ter , 10 o'clock.'jSiSSBS§aBEsSg£tK
WANTED-^A, dishwasher at 922 Battery st.
BARBER shop for sale. 514 Mission st.
2-CHAIR 15c barber shop for aale on account of
Ill-health. 12 E. San Fernando at., San Joae.
BARBER'S good-paying 6-chalr; shop; central
location;, old- established t? place; a bargain.
DECKELMAN, BROS.. 106 Ellis st. t T ¦
$150—3 CHAIR barber shop on Fourth St.; good
: trade. 7 Box 893. Call office.*-
GOOD ¦ restaurant cook wanted;: able to put up
a good dinner: married, man -preferred. .-Box
- SSg. Call y office. V , . , :-v ;.-.. ,,
GET your : shoes half-soled while waiting; i 25c
to DOc. 652 Mission st.. bet. -1st and 2d sts.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Good first -class dinner waiter at
304 Mason St.; wages $3 60 a week.
BOY. to drive wagon; help In grocery and bar;
;$3 per. week. Box 891, Call office.
COPPERSMITH wanted at 521 Mission st.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, , 930 Howard st.
COATMAKER . for country. Apply REISS
\BROS., 24 Sutter st.
W ANTED-Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
S. Ifavy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 8 feet
1 Inch In height; able to read, -write and
speak English. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
• st., San Francisco, Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
Inducements;- catalogue' free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay St.
WANTED— Laborers and * mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, atill
runs Denver House,- 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to 12 per week. -<¦,.
ALL sizes men's 'shoea. slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— J. H. Sh?pard & Co.. old reliable
firm, S06 Market, room 40,. Phelan building;.
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard St.,
S. F. Barber School.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. .N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
.'bus and baggage to and -from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. '
HEMORRHOIDS.
ANY^^oTpilesT Piles.^iies.'piiesT over 200
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be Interviewed:
no surgery, salves or ointments; no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Phvalclan. box 1950. Call.
UOKSES. LI VIS STUCK. Ktc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; wagon*, buggies'
.carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
S27 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BEST 5-room house' In city; rent $8. 1559
-Kearny st. ¦ ¦
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. RAYMOND— Strictly reliable; teaches
hypnotism in five lessons tor $5. 937 Market st.
INVALID CUAIKS AND TKICYCLKS.
EOLD and rented; manfr. of the Earnes trlcycto
rralr. FAMES Trlcvel»» r o . 210ft Mark»t •'
I =
lost; and focxd.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of MARY J. McCONAHY. No. 172-1403.
The finder will please return to bank. '
LOST — Purse, either en Bryant st. cars or at
corner Second and Bryant, at 5 o'clock, con-
taining money and ling. Please return to 3
Alger place. "
LOST — A purse containing gold coin and pa-
pers; liberal reward. 144 Fourth st.
LOST— Thursday, gold watch, Initials R. E.
Return to 1006 Geary St.; reward.
LOST— Bunch of 4 keys; reward. Box 867,
Call office. :
LOST— Wednesday; lady's silver watch; re-
word; monogram "C." 841 Harrison st.
LOST— About 2 weeks ago, St. Bernard dog,
orange and white. Reward at 923 Grove st.
LOST — $25 reward; diamond screw earring; be-
tween Mission and town. Return 3374 17th et.
I.OST— Locket set with diamond, ruby and sap-
phire; buckle attached; liberal reward. P. J.
NEUMANN, M. A. Gunst & Co., cor. Mont-
gomery and Buah sts. 1 ,<
LOST— At Orpheum, Wednesday matinee, a
handpainted crystal-knob umbrella, with
name engraved. Finder return to 1306 Post
St.; liberal reward.
CHRISTMAS morning, gold watch, ribbon
- chain; charm. Return T. J. W. Sc Co., 733
Market st.; reward. ¦»
LOST— A bunch of keys, near Kearny and Mar-
ket St., on the 22d. Return to box SSI, Call
office, . and receive reward.
FOUND — A yacht; owner can havo same by
proving property and paying, expenses. . In-
qulre at 612% Eighteenth st.
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL gentlemen wishing to marry wealthy seed
10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ. IW Ellis »t.
MEDICAL. -
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, moved to 1018 Market.
opp. Oth; world-renowned ladies' specialist;
safe, reliable: practiced In San Francisco for
yeare; treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be ued at home; consultation
free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DK. KOHL. 997 Market st.. cor. Sixth—
Safe and reliable ladies' physician; treatment
$5; positive cure guaranteed; when others fall
consult, free. MRS. DR. KOHL. ¦
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful .practice; guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet Hyde and Larkln.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES, 1228 Market— Ladies'
specialists; 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed; ladles treated cart return same
ay; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps dr.
DRS. GOODWIN." 1007% Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' practice In S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladles spe-
cialist; safe and sure cure, $5; best care; low
'fees; when all others fall consult free.
LADIES' Home Remedy Co.. 212 Ellis st. Prii
vate diseases of women; satisfaction guaran-
teed or money refunded; sanatorium.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. HIS Market st.
DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years for female
troubles. 323 Kearny st. ; call and aee me. '
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladles' specialist; home
for patients. 504 Eddy st. - ¦
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease ' by herbs:
advice free. 704 Sacramento St.. near Kearny.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 . pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SAL..
BOILERS, Engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont »t.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we.clways
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on on* floor, ready made;
• we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission at.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $3 lown and
" $5 per month; write for catalogue and prtc*.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
st. : rentals, new machines, «3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafring pulleys,
etc. WHITSLAW. 216 Spear st. -
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
¦ air compresgors. JARDINE'H. 220 Fremont Et.
A GEM of a diamond stud for $75: Is a bargain
at $110. UNCLE HARRIS.. 15 Grant ave.
A 2-STORY cottage at 316 O*FarreU at. to be
removed. Apply 15 Grant ave. :¦*
GAS engine,* one honsepowsr, $75; can be seen
at work. Shirt Store, 633 Valencia st
2D-HAND steam, gas, oil, water, and air ma-
¦ chlnery. bought and sold. Wh:te. 516 Mission. ¦
BLUE gum piles for sale. Apply PAUL KET.
..-¦ PER. -206 Clay st. . -
PORTABLE • engines, boilers; Iron and wood
:'. planers. : lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Bealt-.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
: boilers bought and sold. KF.OGH Mfg. ; Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC - and \ magic *sntern goods
bought, sold. : exchanged. 109 . Montgomery st.
10-TON ; . Fairbanks ' scale ' and ; fire' and burglar
" proof safe.*; 216 California st.
EAFES-New and second-hand." THE HKl\-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-4:2 Sacramento st. ..
MAGIC, lanterns, new'and 2d-hand: moving
pictures.": BULLARD & ERECK.s 131 Poat St.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTTi SAFE. 109-111 Market rl.. San Fran.
CHEAPEST 'and best In ; America— The Weekly
Call. .'• 1C » pages, . sent to any : address In the
United. States or.. Canada' one - year ¦ for $1,
postage naid. ¦ .'-.¦¦'.-¦ .'.-¦-. .
¦miscellaneous avasts.
LADIES" and gents' cast-off clothing bought*
: sold. Silverman. , 984 FolBom : tel. : Folsom 1191.
WANTED— Upright piano' for 'casa., IL L/
WHITEHE4n " 10 ."!¦""" t-
MONET VO'LOATt.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms. t
Second Mortgages ...;
....: ...Interest in. Estates....
Undivided Interest in Real Estate t
Financial problems of all sorts and sixes
aolved by HERMAN MTJRPHY, CO Market. .
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose _
their friendship; do business with strangers j
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 90S Market at. 2
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro- -
bate; mortgages . and legacies bought: no de- »
lay; get my terms before doing businesa else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest ;
in estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel j
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor, m
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN. j
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low- 2
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
- st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
.ON furniture, pianos, no remorval. or any other
'security; quick; lowest rate; eaay terms; no
brokerage; private, reliable parties. 1170 Mar-
; ket St., room 68. - " :*.- ¦-.">•¦ >
A— $500,000 on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel- mortgages; notes and couat- .
- erala. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on' diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth; r
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc L
no removal, no commission; atrsctly connden-
tlal. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
LADY desires to make small loans to women. •
Address box S72. Call office.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security. t
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.- 431 California. r
$100,000 TO' loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sansome, rm. 2.
CA£H loaned otf salaries: New York plan, r
- THE TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg. o
J% on furniture and pianos; $15 tip: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, < Eddy st »
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs.: clty.country: «%: undl-
vlded lnts. ; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. S66 Parrott build- «
ing{ men can secure loans on personal notes.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party; 0
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1. •
ON furniture and pianos; no removal: con-
fldentlal; on diamonds, etc. »3 Taylor st. E
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In- £
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bid.
MUSICAL IXSTKUMEXTS. £
A GREAT clearing up sale: all 1900 styles 2S e
per cent discount. Net bargains for holidays:
Guild *3S I
Emerson $85 %
-Fisher $M J
Decker $155
Btelnway upright, slightly used $U£
Chickertng *215
Hallett & Davis $475 -
Heine $485 c
Rent allowed; Installments, $t down, $1 per
month up: open evenings. HEINE PIANO -
CO.. S17 Oeary st. .
BEAUTIFUL Chlckering upright; cost $475. I
now $275. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary at.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re- _
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low- ,
priced pianos for a new Steinway any time $
' within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $8 cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos . for *3. $4 and J5 per month. SHER- -
MAN. CLAT A CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor- f
ner Kearny and Sutter fts.. San Francisco:
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oak- ¦
land. <
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hoas« •
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & - CHASE'S, 26. J
28 and 30 O'Farrell at.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades ;
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. j
PIANOS from $100 up in stock to-day; caah or
easy payments. MAUVAIS, 769 Market st. j
BATJMEISTER pianos are always good and ara
sold at a price that will be satisfactory to I
almost any one: think of a first-class article
for $350. MAUVAIS' Music Store. 7S9 Market. _
A BIG sale of pianos now going on; all pianos J
at reduced prices; fine large one. $135; num- _
ber on time limited; agency Chickertng, Ma- 3
son & Hamlin. Vose. Sterling, etc. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.; open even- -
Ings. C
A CLEANING out sale of pianos In storage;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage, 1710 Market st. -
PIANO, fine upright, must be sold by Friday:
great sacrifice; {150. 1239 Mission st.
BYRON MAUZY, agency Sohmer A Co.. Byron
Mauzy, Gabler and Sptllman planoa. 103 Post. -
SPECIAL sale— Irameme reductions: see our
leader, only $150. 2C3 Post st.
LARGE S-pedal upright piano, used « mo. : leav- !
Ing city. 419 Van Ness ave.. nr. McAllister. 1
THREE-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain; *
owner leaving city. 2233 Mission st. J
GREAT many bargains In 2nd-hand uprights;
small Installments. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman, Con- 4
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO., 31* Post
AT KEEFFE'S. S33 Market St.. 4 elegant up- •
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency. 1
BEST rent atock In city: new pianos, $3 per •
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 880 Hayes st. ]
SUPERIOR violins, slthers, old and new. H. •
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place. <
BARGAIN — Must be sold; nice upright piano.
ECHMIT?:. 16 McAllister st.. next Hlb. Bank. J
OIL. . <
B0O0 SHARES In Mt. Diablo Oil Co at lOHc .
per share — if taken before January 1. Apply 1
to W. B. BARNARD, 1118 Broadway, Oak-
land. .__ » -. .
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 333 Pine street. '
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. -
Country correspondence solicited. > -' :
OIL LAMJS FOR SALE. i
KERN River OH Lands— Proven territory In 1
• the well-known tract of "Gracp Oil Co." for
sale; also other oil land for sale or lease; mnst '
wonderful oil field known: over 530 feet of oil -
sand; buy from owners and save commissions:
have been In field from start: will give you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON. :
CARMAN & SOMES. 101 Chronicle bldg.. -San
Francisco; 416 Douglas Block. Los Angeles;
Southern Hotel. Bakersfleld.
2FC0 ACRES oil land, strictly In oil belt. SS to
$800 per acre. WILLIAM C. HAMILTON. :
Flood building.- room 8. ¦
PALMISTRY.
H. .TE'ROMI': FOSSELLI, »e1»nt!flc palmist. SIS '•
Tavlor nt.. bet. Oeary wnd T'"«t : t»l. Rla-V 5«1. '
PATEMS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no chsrre unless sucesssfnL
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Kxamlner big.
rEHSO.VALS.
OWEN McCABE, Importer, dealer In feathers:
hair mattress and pillow manufactory; old
feathers renovated and purified: all feathers
sold warranted, well dressed with my patent '¦
steam renovator. 870 Mission, tel. Jessie 1111
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. S2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
RHEUMATISM, sprains cured: 16 years' expe-
. rlence. R. 475-6 Parrott big.. 10-12 m.. 1-3 p. m.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South 793.
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed: feathers and hair cleansed: fine uphol-
stery: goods carefully packed for shipment or
storage. HOPKE BROS.. 313 and 33) 11th at.
PICTURES and picture frames of all; descrip-
tions made to order; portraits enlarged; we
do all kinds of framing. California Frame Co..
905 Howard; open evenings: tel. Howard 1073.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel.: 44 Third st.. near Market; TOO rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 BO to $8 per week;
free 'bua and baggage to and from the ferry.
Superfluous hair removed with electric needle;
electric roller facial treatment for wrinkles;
all branches taught. Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
HAIR positively grown on bald heads by purely
vegetable compound: absolute proof. Call or,
address DR. G. S. MOORE. 483 Geary st. S.F.
SUITS to order or. Installments; $15 upward- $1
a week. LEON LEMOS, 1117 Market st. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates* 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; ' restores B ray
hair. to its natural color; |1; at all druggists.
DANICHEFF spIIs holiday glove orders.gortdfor
gloves ready-made or to order. 121 Grant ave. •
MASQUERADE costumes. ¦ play books win- 1
country .orders., GOLDSTEIN & CO.. .733 Mkt." I
DR. LAMOTTE*S French Corn Paint the best I
corn cure; Kc; all druggists.
SUITS to ojder on eaay payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel, j
OLD gold. tiiv»r, diamonds and precious stones
houabX J. R, JENKEU «U M^v.t, ,» '
Bs^BMBKaHsl^aBftBBBnabMsBMBaBaBHt 1^-.
PERSONALS. .
WHITE enamel iron beds, stngfe, three-quarter
or doable. $3 23. EASTERN OUTF1TT1NQ
CO.. 1X10-1X12 8tockton st. near Broadway.
AND SUBG£O.\S.
PARALYSIS, rheumatism and asthma effectu-
ally cured. DR. J. HERBERT REEVE, 26?,
Kearny si. ,
Vl h,l~ -if WN.\ELM)ffl M .ad residence*
ICO** Market st.. Mw wn gtxth 8eventh.
PROPERTY WA.VTED.
"WANT to purehas* a home of S or 13 aeres
within a radius of BO miles of gan Francisco:
will not do business with reai estate- men:
only owners need reply. Address box 873. Call
Office.
RE AL^ EST ATK--CTTY— Ifo R SALE.
EEAL ESTATE BAROAIXa
A. M. SPECK & CO.
HARP TO BRAT. HARD TO BKAT
PRICES WILL RURELY ADVANCE.
Cozy COttnge (Ml««l'»n>. lot tmoo feet.
l2v»*-iir.t/i:<-v:D 7ROU $»»
Four flats; rents |*>. ¦-_,
tieoo.
Four 'flats; rent* Its: downtown.
WM.
Thre« choice flat*, near Post and Taylor eta. I
pays 10 per cent; XI feet front; offer wanted
Flat*: brand new; east of Via Ken viz.*
rents. 173. *
$360ft— REDUCED FROM $13,000.
Market street corner store, and flat.
$1400.
Grand 14-room residence on Jackson street.
$13.T30-REDUCED FROM 113.500/^
Business property; same tenants for yean;
•tore and rooming-house.
lit. 000.
Grand corner. Leaven worth street: K> feet
front: all rented' for $123; mortgage $3000; «—^
remain at • per cent.
175,000— REDUCED FROM $81,000.
Choice corner lot, 75-foot front: within half
a block of Market «t.; with old improvements;
rents about 1400; the only corner that caa tx»
bought vicinity of Sixth st.
$.-,2.500— REDUCED FROM $SO.0W
Crand Investment; 100 foot front on Ell's tt.1
with Improvements; nicer and better than Pal-
ace Hotel; rents about $5000; terms, half cash.
$8500.
Rents $100; 100 feet front; near Taylor st: n»
chance like It.
f 30, 000.
Corner; 60 feet front; vicinity Butter St.; east
of Hyde; grand hotel, office or roomlng-hous»
alt.: rent. ,107.
Sutter-st. corner; 87:«xS7:«: elegant Improve-
ments; rents $1800 per annum.
noo.ooa
Market it., near Call.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. W7 Market St.
IF you have property north of th» Park and
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
OUNN. 630 California st.
MODERN houses built: lowest prices; plans aa4
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
REAL ESTATE— CO DSTBT— For Sal*
ACCURATE knowledge, each of th» 3000 raoca-
es on my salt and exchange list— mor* thaa
all other agents la city: state what's wanted.
N. P. 81CKELB. the Land Agent. « Qeary st.
CIRCULARS free. M. GRIFFE*. T19 Market itT
sells and exchanges city and country property.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
JS50— A SMALL home of 4 rooms and bath; must
be sold; nth St.. near Telegraph ave. ; 25x100.
A. J. SNYDEIt & CO.. Real Estate. 4«7 Ninth
st.. Oakland. Cal.
$750—4 ROOMS: .33x100; must be sold. A. J.
PNTDER & C.O.. «67 Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURXIT'JRB FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa. th»
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Omklaad.
ROOMS FOR HOl'SUKKEPI.'S'a.
BARTLETT. 414 — 3 sunny connecting house-
keeping rooms, sink and bath.
HYDE, 408 — Sunny front basement suite, C3;
also rear suite, yard, laundry. $12.
GOLDEX GATE AVE.. «23— Sunny suite; >
rooms: clean: gas stove; running water, eta.
JACKSON, 920, near Mason — Furnished larjra
sunny housekeeping rooms, J7 to ?S; single. H.
MOSS. 13, eff Howard, near Seventh— J roonu,
furnished complete for housekeeping.
OAK. 119 — 2 sunny front rooms, furnished for
heavy housekeeping. $12: single basement
room, 14.
SECOND, na— Newly furnished: reasonable and
respectable: very convenient and quiet.
WALLER.21I) — Unfurnished suite of sunny par-
lors: lavatory; hot and cold -water; view.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has be«n established at 109<
Valencia st.
ROOMS* TO LET— Forn. and l'nfor».
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms: modern conveniences :
rooms 50c up; flrat-class meals 25c: free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth— Rooms 25<j
to $1 per night; $1 25 to $3 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT. 142« Market (old No. 13S4>— Fut-
nlshed run., suites, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH, 520 (The Elk)— Nicely furnished sunny
rms.; day. 25c up; wk.. $1 50 up. Mrs. P. Ranft.
CLEMENTINA. &U off Fourth— Furnished
front rooms; cheap; private family.
ELLIS, 70S— Newly furnished front room; us*
of piano; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.«— Sunny rooms, en suit* or
single; ladies* parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GEARY, 405(Th9 Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
LAS PALMAS. 1820 Market St.— Suite of i or >
rms.; private: bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
LEWIS place. IS— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let; single or en suite.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st— Nicely
furnished rooms. S3 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
PIXG, 956, near Taylor— 2 large sunny parlors,
unfurnished, large closet, gas, bath, tele-
phone; reasonable.
ROYAL House. 12S Ellis st.— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoklns-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to Jl 50: week, S3 to
$8; month. JS to {30: elevator on ground floor;
- rooms with hot «nd cold water: baths.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis st. — Rooms,
night, 25c to $1: week. $1 25 to $4: open night.
SHERMAN Apartment Hcuse. ?S Eighth st.
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 119A— Front rooms, double and single;
gas; running water; fireplaces.
STEVENSON. CO— Sunny front room, single or
double, light housekeeping.
PUTTER. 120 H — Changed hands: newly reno-
vated: single rooms, $S: suites. $12 to $2S mo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
- Vnlpnda *t.
ROOMS A.VD BOARD.
AT the eld Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex $07 California st.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
ELLIS. 837 — Bunny bay-window room, with
board, for two gentlemen. • ¦
ROOMS ASP BOARD WASTED.
YOUNG woman desires board In nice family ©r
prlvate boarding-house; $5 per week. Address
box S69, Call office.
YOUNG man wants board and room with prt-
vate family. ¦ Box 863. Call office. ¦
ROOMS TV ANTED.
«' '¦—¦?¦¦¦¦¦- ¦»»—¦.»—¦¦ .,.»,... .,¦¦¦¦».¦¦¦...¦¦¦. ,
WANTED— By Eastern lady, room In private
¦ family. Box &35. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4;. collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
4T> Montgomery »t.. rooms 9-10: tel. S*30.
- SLOT MACHINES.
1 ni>.>...^.o.ju^^n.riri.^ l ..m.^rm.Ar..-n .-.r. .if «-.
- SLOT ' machines— Latest style: $40 each. US?
Market st.. bet. S*vent*x and Eighth.
REHOUSES.
7 WILSON BROS., storage » — "movlngPcovered
'• vans. Tenth and Market; phone South TC
r ! BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.-
\ ' tel. Main 1840: shipping at cat rates.
'.j; I SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
tt | ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
_ t Charles Plambcck, 1915 Mission, nr. Uth.
•- j ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
I; . paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 tth.
« J BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
tautUssU rtducad ralaa, 1A1 tthj «iw>w» mm L.FRIDAY. DECEMBER CS.
A coal miner is: always readv to 'get
down to business.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the ¦ successive tides of th«
day. in the • order ' of ¦ occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives ithe last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tidea. as sometimes occurs. The heights ' given
are In addition to the soundings on. the Unltcil
States Coast * Survey - charts. • except •- when a.
minus sign ( — ) precedes tho height. : and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts.. The plane of reference
Is the mean of tho. lower low waters.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights ot High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, . entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low watt rs occur at tho
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five- minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide is the same at both places.
TO SAIL.
PALACE HOTEL.
A C Jones, Boston
J A Benson, Cal
L Paint, Los Ajir
W C Ames, Oakland
A W Kelly, Berkeley
F G Ollmore. USA
H Hunby, Vancouver
J Singleton, L Ang
E F Defair, If Orleans
Miss J E Weir. Cal
G B Oooksey, Menlo
C D Cooksey, Menlo
J A Echaefer. Cal
J L 'Wheeler. Cbgo
J F Fmlth, C41
E T Murphy. N Y
J O Waterman, Phlla
Mr & Mrs ZoepSel Ber
lin
A F Jones. Orovllle
Miss G Jonee, Orovllle
H White, Cal
A L Wright. Cal
O G Labree & w, Spo
kane
J R Chase, San Jos«
W H Llnderman, Cal
J H Howell. Stanford
M A Gunsh & w, Cal
M Butler & w, Pa
w A Walker. Phlla.
E Worcester Jr. Pitts
J Jenka & w, Chpo
V Boeck & w. Ehasg
sai ,
Miss Ge!sr!ey. Cal
B Of ner &. w, Cbf o
R Robertson, S Crus
J L Houston. Mo
O V Art, S Cruz
AW Kline Jr. N Y
F S Johnson & w, N Y
A E Silk. Detroit
J Eparks. Reno
Col II B MaxEon, Cal
J S Scott. Washington
D S Witson & w, Cal
A Wayon, Cal
W H Liaderman,Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J O Hales & w, Oregon
E Morrison, Oregon
C Cooper Portland
G Sutherland &w.Mich
L Rio Vista
S M Cacady & w. Cal
W J Clark, Pt Co«ta
F Pavie. Cal
A Sylvester, Cal
L D Loroo. Sulsun
T Johnetone, Chicago
C S Esgert, Neb
A A liadley & w, Cal
A II Jones, Ohio
J A Jones. Albuquerq
O CoBlter. Oregon
S J Richardson. Or
G Burroughs, Or :
G AV Boyd, Oregnn
Mrs W J Dean, Oregon
Miss M Robinson. Or
C A Brings & w. Cal
F G ratrtck, Seattle
M H Dewey & w. Va
M Hanson,' Minn
G McComtrie, B C
M J Madden, Lundy
O H Shinn. Berkeley
G A Dieter, -St^Crus
A E Lyons, .JV>s ton
OB Davis, Eureka
H Balntree, Ind
J Shine, Kankakee
HOTEL ASBIV.AXS.
GRAND HOTEL
C Ecklon & w, Folsom
B Martin. S Rafael
B Howe. S Josa
J E Green. Courtland
G A Westgate, Cal
F C Rtanlford, Cal
I Townsend*. Watsonvl
R Connor, Salt Lake
H Cole. Salt Lake
G w Kopp, Sonora
F Purler, Oakland
J Johnson. Oakland
W C Allen, Cal
E C Yocco, L Gatos
C J Jessup. Cal
H P Slice, Red Bluff
A Underwood, Montry
G A do Prez, S Jose
W J Haas, Cal
II J Wilson. L Ang
J G Johnson. Oakland
3 Manning, Oakland
H R Kreeb, Portland
C A Damon, N Y
J P Greeley, Cal
B Shephard Jr. Fresno
W E Price. Redding
A Denny & 2 d, Cal
H Brinzer, Yreka
J Pelton. Oregon
N T Collett, Portland
M M Taylor, Jacksonvl
P Gerhart, St Louis
F Schmidt, Oregon
J C Harry & w, Cal
M F Shaw & w. Wash
M Davis & w. S Roea
Miss Mechan. Petalura
Mrs Fritsch, Petaluma
Miss Fritsch.' Petaluma
H Berry, Selma
C W Seaward, N T
J Montifomery&w, Cal
J P Merrill, N Y
T W Duckworth. Cal
J L Smith &' w, Napa
J Gray, Toronto
B C Webster. N Y
S Deekard & w, Cal
W B Wilcox. Cal
M Guolden & w, Cal
Dr Kelsey, S Paula
Dr Webster, S Paula
Dr Wai rath. • L Ang
Mrs Walrath. L Ang
T L Glenn. 3 Jose
C E Prlndle, 8 Jose
F Dorn to. w, S Jose
W Buckley. Stockton
P Musto, Stockton
B L Wertheimer tt w,
Sacramento
Mrs Jordon, Cal
W Parker & w, Tacoxa
J Gardner, Pala Alto
H B Mclr. Uklah
L E Lobb, Eldridgs
E H Clarke. Chico
R H Collier. S Joee
Cisco; echr Lottitla, for Bon Francisco; schr
Volant, for San Pedro; schr Zampa, for San
Pedro; echr Roy Somers, for San Francisco;
schr Maid of Orleans, for Son Francisco; echi
Dauntless, for San Pedro; schr Philippine, fur
Santa Rosalia; echr "W^bfoot, for Ban Fran
cisco. ¦ ..
EVERETT-Sailed Deo 24-Bark Oakland, for
Hi to.
EMPIRE CITY. Or— Sailed Deo 27— Schr Mon
terey, for San Francisco. • •
BANDON, Or^-Sailed Deo H— Schr Corin
thian, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed Deo 26— Stmr Advance,
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived Deo 27— Br stmr' Mio
wera. from Sydney.
FREMANTLE— Arrived Dec 24— Br bark Sus-
Eex, from Port Ludlow.
GRIMSBY— Arrived Deo 23— Br ship Largo
Lew, hence Auer 9.
SANTOS— Sailed Dec 21— Ger ship Margretha,
for Tacoma.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Deo 25— Stmr Peru, for
San Francisco.
NAGA8AK I— Sailed Deo 26— Br stmr Wye
field, for Kan Francisco. •
CAPE TOWN"— Arrived Dec 25— Br bark How
ard D TrooD. from Tacoma.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Deo 28— Pr bark Mare
chal D&vout. hence "Auer 18.
CARDIFF— Sailed Deo 24— Br ship Plnmore.
for Santa Roe&lla. •
COLON— Sailed Deo 25— Stmr Finance, for
New York." ..." ' .:
AUCKLAND— Sailed Deo 28— Stmr Maxiposa,
for San Franclsoo.
CALLAO- Sailed Nov >— Chll bark Yosemlte.
VALPARAISO— In port Nov 9— Br bark Scot
tish Glens, for Oregon.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Dee 21, at 7 p m
—Tug- L. Luckenbach. hence Deo 14.
In port D«o 21— Br bark Haytor, from Ham
burp; Br ship Comllebank, Br ship Ben Dearg;
Br 6hli> Thistle.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NBTV YORK— Arrived Deo 27— Stmr Mesaba,
Bailed Dec 27 — Stmr H H Meier, for Bremen.
Arrived Deo 27— Stmr Trave, from Bremen.
LONDON— Arrived Dec 27— Stmr Manitou, for
New York. • «r
BOULOGNE— Sailed. Dec 2»-Stmr Cap Frlo.
from Hamburg, for New York.
AUCKLANI>-Sailed Dec 2&— Stmr Maxiposa,
from Sydney, for San Francisco.
QUKENSTOWN-Salled Dec 27— Stmr Cymric,
from Liverpool, for New York.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Quarantine Officer Klnyoun has lost the
friendship • of the raf tmen, towboat men
and the members of the Dundon Bridge
Company by his actions on Christmas
eve. The tug Millie was towing a raft
of piles to the creosoting works,' but when
she got Into the tide rip she could ¦ not
hold the mass of lumber and' the binding
chains breaking, the piles went adrift.
Many of them were picked up by fisher
men and returned to the Dundon . Bridge
Compapy, which paid $2 for each log re
turned. Six of the piles went ashore near
the quarantine station and when the crew
of the Millie went to get them, they were
driven away. After waiting until Dr.
Kinyoun got through dinner they askol
him for the logs. He said they would have
to pay $2 80 each for them. An offer, of
52 was made and refused. The tug : went
away and came back the next day. with
$15, which was turned over to the doctor
and the piles were released from quaran
tine.
Dr. Klnyoun's receipt reads as follows:
"Received of the Dundon Bridge and Con
struction Company, for Dan .Shay, So-
Kinyotm in Bad Odor.
Chief Engineer Little and First Assist
ant Church were formerly on the Alame
da. Purser Hodson was formerly on the
Moana and the rest of .the crew are stran
gers. Little), Hodson and ' Church require
no Introduction to the public traveling to
Australasia.
The officers who came In on the Sonoma
were C. F. Herriman, captain; C A. Hol
bert, chief officer; F. W. Jones, second
officer; G. A. Hill, third ' officer; A. D.
Little, chief engineer; S. Church, first as
sistant engineer; G. A. Hodson. purser;
G. Bradfleld, surgeon, and F. Rogers,
chief steward.
The Sonoma did not have very good
luck during the run. On the third day out
from Philadelphia a fireman named
Adolf Hedln dropped dead from heart dls .
ease. While off the River Platte a big
aea broke aboard and G. Krlstensan was
washed against the bulwarks and had hta
leg broken. When nearing the Straits- of
Magellan the pumps got out of order and
it took the entire force, of the engine
room to straighten them out again. Once
through the Straits all went well and a
quick run was made to San Francisco.
The Alameda will go out on her usual run
to Australia next Wednesday and the So
noma will follow her on January 23.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's So
noma arrived from the East last Wednes
day night in the record breaking time of
87. days 4 hours, actual steaming time.
Her only stops were in the Straits of Ma
gellan, when Captain Herriman was com
pelled to anchor over night. The Sierra
made the run in 29 days 16 hours, but then
she had to stop at Coronel for coal. The
Alameda, which held the record for years,
was over 40 days in coming here, so if -the
Ventura, the last of the new mall boats,
does not 'beat 37 days 4 hours the Sonoma
will hold the record for many a day to
come.
Time From. Philadelphia.
Hew T'lailship Sonoma Makes Fast
ANOTHER KECORD BROKEN.
Th© bark Fresno, now out 29 days from
Port Gamble, is thought to be all right,
as Captain Peterson would undoubtedly
stand off shore as soon as the southeaster
or southwester (it seems to have been a
circular storm) came up.
AlvD still tales of disasters at sea
pile in. The recent storm must
have raged with great force, as
every vessel that comes Into port
reports a hard time of it. The
Bchooner Chas. E. Falk got In from Port
Hadlock yesterday and the captain has
this to say of the voyage:
"December 16, In a heavy southeast gale
"In latitude 45 degrees 40 minutes north,
longitude 126 degrees 16 minutes west, a
big sea broke over the vessel, completely
submerging her. Piled the whole port
eide of the deckload up In a heap. Broke
several chain lashings and lashing plates.
Took the mainsail and spanker, which
were double reefed, clean out of the rop«s.
"At 9 a. m., same date, the wind
changed to southwest and blew with hur
ricane force. Barometer fell to 28.40.
"Continual heavy gales to December 22.
"December IS had to throw about 50,000
feet of lumber overboard In order to save
the masts and rigging, as th© lumber
kept working out on the lanyards and
forced out the chain plates and carried
away part of the rail on both sides..: ¦
"Christmas day we had fair weather,
but little of Christmas cheer. • We're glad
to be home, and that Is something to be
thankful for." . •
And now people are beginningr to wonder
what has become of the schooner Wing
end Wing. Bhe Is now 44 days out from
Port Hadlock, the same port which the
Chas. E. Falk left 20 days ago. People
who know the schooner well say she will
come in damaged but still in the ring.
Bhe is a very poor sailer, and it Is not
eo long ago that she started from. Santa
Cruz for Coos Bay and finally brought up
at Santa Barbara. Forty-four days out
and in a small echooner at that, the
chances are that Captain Hansen and his
crew are having a hard time of 1L Cer
tainly they had no merry Christmas.
Besides the Wing and Wing, there Is
now overdue the schooner Parkersburg,
22 days out from Coquille River; the
North 'Bend, 21 days out from Willapa
Harbor; ship Isaac Reed, '£> days from
Seattle; ship Berlin, 19 days from Ta
coma; schooner Berwick, 19 days from
Coquille River; ship Eclipse, 23 days from
Tacoma; schooner Mary Bidwell, 22 days
from Coquille River, ana the schooner
Jennie Stella. 24 days from Grays Harbor.
All these vessels will have hard luck sto
ries to tell.
BEATTLB— Arrived Dec 28— Stmr Chas Nel
son, hence Deo 23.* Dec 27— Stmr Blihu Thom
son, from ; stmr Mackinaw, hence Deo 23
Sailed Dec 2*-Stmr Cottage City, for Dyea. '
PORT TO WMSE.VD- Arrived Deo 27— Br shiD
Socotra, from Fremantle, ,
Sailed Dec 27— Bark St James, from- Che
mainug, for Melbourne. ¦
PORT BLAKELBYi-Arrlved Dec Is— Schr
Comet, from San Pedro.
TACOMA — Arrived ¦ Dec 18 — Br shin Ben I*«»
from Santa Rosalia. '
PORT HADLOCK-Salled Deo 27-Shlp Et
Nicholas, for Sydney. T/"!-.°
ASTORIA— Sailed Dec 27— Br stmr Monmouth
chtre, for Honsrkonff.
¦ Arrived Dec 27 — Bktn Tarn o' Shanter hence ¦
Dec 4; Br ehip Wavertree, from Valparaiso
PORT LOS ANGELES-Salled Dec 27-Stmr
Greenwcod, for .- ' --''•¦ --
Arrived Dec 27— Stmr San Mateo. from Na
nalrao. " •¦.:.-- ¦
KAN DIBGO— Arrived Dec 27— Stmr Iaqua,
hence Dec 25.
'. Sal l^d Deo 27— Stmr Aberdeen. • for San Fran
cisco. «3ku&£ -r '¦- ". •• * :
GRAT3 HARBOR— ArrtvM Dp« 27— Stmr Co
qullle River. hene» Deo 12. '
Sailed Dec 17— Schr La Glronde.*for San Fran-
DOMESTIC PORTS
Per chip Isaac Reed, from Seattle, Dee 17—
Had a succession of S and SE gales for eleven
days.
Per bktn Benlcla^— In lat 46 N. Ion 127 W
passed through a lot of new lumber.
MEMORANDUM.
POINT LOBOS. Deo 27, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NE, velocity 8 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Thursday, December 27.
Stmr Nome City, Daniels, Seattle.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Bridgett, Ventura.
Etmr South Portland, Hall, Astorla.
Stmr Eureka, Jensen, Eureka.
Stmr State of ¦ California, Jepsen, Victoria
and . Port Townsead.
Stmr Noyo, "Johnson, B\3rt Bragg.
Stmr Scotia. Walvlg, .
8tm r Santa • Barbara, Jahnsen. Dur»ka. - -
Stmr Santa Barbara, Jahnsen, Eureka.
'Brig Consuelo, Page. Mahukona.
Schr Henry Wilson, Johnson, Grays" 1 Harbor.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Bodega. <
CLEARED.
Thursday, December 17.
Etmr Corona. Gielow. San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Brig Consuelo, Page, Mahokona; Chas Nel
son.
Ship Emily P Whitney, Brigman, Honolulu;
Alexander & Baldwin.
Stmr Senator, Patterson. Seattle; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Bark Mohican, Kelley, Honolulu; Alexander
& 3aldwln.
Stmr State of California, Jepsen. Victoria;
Ooodall. Perkins & CO.
Ger ship Gertrud. Henk, Queenstown:
Meyer. WllBon & Co. J
Thursday, December 27.
Stmr Santa Roea, Alexander. 83 hours from
San Die^o, eto.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, ' 14 hours from
Mendoclno.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17H hours from Eureka.
Ktmr Robert Dollar, EUefeen. 6^4 days from
Seattle, via Port Townsend 5H days.
Stmr Gtpsy, Lriand, 20 hours from Monterey.
Ship Isaao Reed, Homlquist, 24 days from
Seattle.
Bktn Geo C Perkins, Mars, 4 days from Eu
reka. • • .
Schr Maxim. Olsen, 4 days from Bureka.
Pchr Chas E Falk, Henninicsen, 1? days from
Port Hadlock.
Schr Del Norte, Allen, 15 days from Port
land, etc, via Eureka 26 hours.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson. 30 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Rio Rey, Skipper, 80 hours from
B<*wens Landing.
Notice is hereby given that the mammoth
nun buoy, painted red and numbered 2, mark
ing Fort Point Ledge, San Francisco Entrance.
Cal., which recently went adrift, has been re
placed in its former position.
This notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1SO0," page 19.
By order of the Lighthouse Board. ¦
U. BEBREB,
Commander, 17. S. N., Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Notice to Mariners.
SAN FRANCISCO ENTRANCE, CAL
The steamship State of California salted yes
terday for Victoria with a general cargo valued
at $3952. exclusive of some In transit. ' The
following were the principal shipments: 24 cs
arms and ammunition. 6 steel beams, 1500 lbs
prunes, 9 cs drugs. 121 pk&s groceries and pro
visions, S cs hardware, 3491 feet hardwood, 67
bdls Iron. 25 bxs lemons. 12 pes millwork, 6500
lbs malt, 100 tins matches. 2050 lbs mlllstuffy.
3 crs machinery. TOO Jbs nuts, 12 cs oil, 10- bxs
oranges. 12 bdls steel, 20 cs syrup, 30,000 lbs
salt, 4 cs typewriters, as bxs vegetables, S cs
£24 gals vrlne.
In tran*it-220.000 lbs sugar valued at $2500.
Merchandise for Victoria.
Shipping' Merchants. -•
The C. F. Sargent loads coal at Tacoma for
Honolulu; .the O. il. Kellogg, luiuber at ; Eu
reka for Hilo. . •- > ¦¦..-¦. (.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
The big tramp steamer Hyades, char
tered by the American-Hawaiian line to
take the place of the American, arrived
from New York yesterday. The new 10,
000 ton freighter American was behind
time, and as consignments of goods wero
accumulating, the agents decided to char
ter a vessel and send the stuff along. The
Hyades Is a plain, everyday tramp and a
big carrier. She has one of the largest
general cargoes ever brought here from
New York.
Mrs. K. Sparling, stewardess of • the
America Maru, was presented with a
handsome watch as a Christmas present
by the officers last "Wednesday.
The new pilot boat Pathfinder will have
a trial trip next Saturday. The start will
be made from the foot of Powell street
at 10 a. m.
Water Front Notes.
hares Gulliver and C. A." McNeil, $15, as
salvage on six piles secured from bay. J.
J. Klnyoun."
SCHOONER WING AM) WING, NOW OUT 44 DAYS FROM PORT HADLOCK, AND SOME MORE OF THE OVER
DUE FLEET. ALL. WERE PROBABLY CAUGHT IN THE GREAT SOUTHEASTER OP DECEMBER 21 AND
WERE DRIVEN OFF SHORE. ./^ . -.T
Crew Jettisons the Deckload in Order to Save
Vessel—Wing and 'Wing and Haifa Dozen.
Others Bound Fro-m the Sound Are Overdue
SCHOONER CH AS. E. FALK
HAS A HARD TIME OF IT
IN GRE AT S0UTH EASTER
THURSDAY'S TRANSFERS OF REALTY
- William H. Norton to William H. Chapman
(trustee), all real property, in San Francisco.
Alameda and Santa Clara counties, also all
personal property (no property described), upon
death of grantor property to be sold by trus
tee and proceeds to be disposed of as follows:
? ?; £ orton - one-quarter; children of Mar-
B £f?} McBrlde twlfe of M. J.). three-sixteenthe;
children of Mary Ellen (wife of John F.
Naughton), three-sixteenths; Agnes and Jo T
sephlne Norton, three-sixteenths each, trust
deed; $1.
Catharine M. Cassldy to Florence E. John
son, lot on NE corner of Johnston avenue and
St. Roses street, N 25 by E 125. block 1. John
son Tract; $500.
John T. Fltigerald to Mary F. Fitzgerald
(wife), lot on TV line of "Wood street, 150 3 of
Point Lobos avenue, S 25 by TV 120, Junipero
Homestead; gift.
L. H. Sly to Guy T. Wayman. lot on S Una
of Turk street, 137:8 W of Larkln, TV 137:8 by
Cornelius P. and Ida J. Robinson to Julien
Smith, lot on X line of Sacramento street. S3
E of Polk. E 52:6 by X 77:6: also lot on W Una
of Guerrero street. ISO S of Eighteenth. S 35
toy W 100, quitclaim deed; $10.
Frances .\. Klein to Charles Klein. lot oa 8
Una of Green street, 163 W of Buchanan, W
27:8 by S 137:6: also lot on W line of Porty
th!rd avenue. 250 S of L street, S 60. W 120. X
25. XV 120, N 25. E 240; J1500.
Estate of Elizabeth TV. Carpenter (by Atfdia
B. Latham, administratrix) to Esther M. Wil
scn, lot on SE corner of Sacramento and Steln
er streets. E 81:3 by 3 28:6: 13602.
George TV. Osborn to same, same: $700.
John II. Efflnger to Rena Efflnjcer, lot on S
line- of Halght street.- 3l:J W of Steiner. TV 50
by S 100; also lots 448 and 447, Silver Terraca
Homestead; gift, i
Morris Haley to Mary Haley, lot en N line of
Page street. 150 E of Broderlck. E 25 by N*
137:6: also lot on SE lino of Howard street. '323
NE of Seventh. XE 23 by EE 85: gift.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Ed
ward C. Harrison, lot on S line of "Washington
street. 117:11 W of Central avenue. W »0:10 by
6 ln-.FA: »5760. »
German Savings \nd Loan Society to G. II.
Moore, lot 15. block 1, Marlon Tract (Hospital
lot); $1500.
Catherine McXaraara. to Annie J. McNamara
and Mary E. Kehoe, lot on S line of Erie street
'Creek Lane). 2*3:9 W of Howard. W K'X S
113:3H. B 25:8. N U5:*H: fcift.
Richard \V. Drummond to CaJJ',9 It- Drum
mend, undivided sixteenth of lot en E l!n# oj
Julian avenue. ?15 S of Fifteenth. 8 JO by B 84;
{ICO.
John H. Drumxnond to same. undMdsd six
teenth of ume: 3100.
Minnto r>. and Peter B. Ajraton to name, un
divided sixteenth of unit; no.
Ann R. b. Bokusi. Callis R. Drammond.
Clara Morse and Hattls and Daniel R. Mime?
to Morris B. O'Meara. all of um« and all In
terest in alley 20 feet wide In rear: 32000.
William f. and Ella. R. Ayres to SaraH H.
Lancashire, lot oa MR corner of Twenty-seo
ond and No« rtreets, N K:J by E 110; S700O.
Ellen J. Hyda to Hlbernla Barings and Loan
Society, lot on N line of Broadway. 89 W of
Stockton itreet. W 63:S by N 137:«. exceptln*
N line of Broadway. 163 W of Stockton, street.
¦\\S>. N 93:4. W 20. S to beginning: J5.
Rose and Henry H. DUges to Charles Shralc
kart. lot en NW lino of Bryant street. 2C«:S BW
of Fifth. SW 23:1 by NW S7:«; WOCO.
Emma or Emma J. Shraikart to same, stun**
quitclaim deed; SUM.
Nicholas. Mathilda. Henry and CaXhmrln» M.
Ohlandt and John A. and Mary II Buck t»
Tornoso Demottai. lot 1. block J7. University
Homestead; $1000.
Dub<w«» and Margaret Debour* to J«roma A.
Eraskine. lot» Ml. 643. M3. 147 and 543. Gift
liar 2; 11500. -
John A. Drinkhou«« (administrator ot eat&t*
of wmum Murphy) and Mary J. Mnrpny (by
Cvl T\ . Blfvin?. commissioner) to John O'Cbn
nor, lot on NB corner of Saeamora and Ply
mouth (Marengo) streets. E ts by N 100. block
E. Railroad Homestead: 31S79.
Edward J. Le Breton to Royal W. Cudworth.
1S03 D. 1T3, recorded December ». 1S33. all In
terest in estate* of James W. Cudworth. Nc%
20,137; 35CO.
Builders' Contracts. •
C. H. Eyyebreeht (owner) with J. T. Us-
Innls (contractor), plans by owner— All worle
for Blterations and additions, except patntlnjr.
graining and t'.r.tln?. for a l-«tory and base
ment frame bundle? on let on W line of Baker
street, between Golden Gate avenue and Turlc
street. No. 811 Baker: $3S7. .
Milton A. Morgan (owner) with J. KaJshln
inil..Tl!om»s CTaJne (contractors), architect
All work for a 3-story fram* residence on lot
on B line of Tremont avenue, 7a S of Freder
ick. KxSO; ?T0O. -*Kfr
TBGE3 SAK FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1900.
ir
1-
11
Steamer.
• Destination. I
Sails.
Pier
-I
Colon.. Pan.,& Way. Dec. 23. 12 m PMSS
Corona Newport Dec. 23. 9 am Pier 11
Empire..... Coos Bay Dec. 28. Spm Pier 13
Pt. Arena... Point Arena.. Dec 29, 2 pm Pier 2
Amer. Maru China &'Jap. Dec. 29, 1 pm PMSS
Poirona..... Humboldt ... Dec. 29, 2 pm Pier 9
O. Elder.... Asfla & Ptld Dec. 29, 11 am Pier U
Newburg.... Grays Harbor Dec. 23, 6 pm Pier 2
Mandalay... CoquUle Riv.. Dec. 29, 10 am Pier 2
Rainier Seat. A N. W Dec. 29, 6 pm Pier 2
Czarina Seat. & Tacm Dee. JO, 5 pm Pier 8
Santa Rosa. San Diego — D«e. 30, 9 am Pier 11
Samoa...... Humboldt ... Dec. 31, 10 am Pier 2
O.- Dollar... Grays Harbor Dec. 31. 6 pm Pier 2
WJ Kruger. Grays Harbor Jan. 1, S pm Pier 13
Eureka...... Humboldt ...Jan. 1. 9 am Pier 13
"Walla TVal. Vic & Pgt Ed Jan. 1. 11 am Pier 9
North Fork. Humboldt . . . Jan. 1, 9 am Pier 2
Bonita Newport Jan. 1, 9 am Pier 11
Alameda Sydney & Wy Jan. 2. 9 pm Pier 7
Queen San Diego.... Jan. 2. 9 am Pier 11
Excelsior... Alas. v. Seat. Jan. 2, .. Pier —
Columbia,'.. Ast'la & Ptld Jan. 3, 11 am Pier 24
Arcata...... Coos Bay Jan. 3, 12 in Pier 13
Steamer. I From- I Due.
From.
Due.
b
Newburg Grays Harbor |Dec. 23
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound! Dec. 23
W. H. Kruger.. Grays Harbor |Dec. 23
North Fork Humboldt io«i. 2»
Curacao Mexican Ports |Dec. 29
Samoa Humboldt Dec. 29
Robt. Adamsbn. Nanaimn Dec 30
Queen San Diego Dec. 30
Bonlta. Newport Dec. 30
Eureka Humboldt Dec 30
Columbia ...'... Portland and Astoria Dec. 31
Peru Panama and Way Ports Dec. 31
Australia Tahiti Dec. 31
ProgTeso Seattle Dec. 31
City of Peking China and Japan Jan/%1
Arcata Coos Bay .r Jan. 1
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 1
Mexico Mexican Ports Jan. 1
Santa Rosa.... San DleRO Jan. 2
Corona 1 Newport Jan. 2
Umatilla Victoria & Puget 6ound Jan. 2
Crescent City.. Crescent City |Jan. 2
Point Arena jPoint Arena jJan. 3
Sun rises. :..'.:. 7:24
Sun sets..:.. ; 4-33
Moon: Bets : (first. Quarter) ..0:00 a. m
O LTlme ¦ Time Time Time
P, Ft. Ft Ft Ft.
a H W . L\W H W L.\W
28 ... 4:30 6.5 10:45 1.6 4:51 4.1 10:25 ~l7«
29... 6:15 6.7 11:65 1.0 «:1S Z.9 11:13 2.1
SO... 6:03 5.9 1:02 0.4 7:41 3.8 .......
L W . H W LW HW
81... 0:l» -2.4 6:54 6.1 2:04—0.2 8:56 4 0
1... 1:25 2.7 7:51 6.8 2:57—0.5 10:00 4.4
2... 2:20 ?.( .8:«,U 3:45—0.9 10:51 4 6
3... 3:14 2.9 9:31 6.6| 4:35— 1.0 11:40 4.5
Sun rises. :..'.:. 7:24
Sun sets..:.. ; 4-33
Moon: Bets : (first. Quarter) ..0:00 a. m
O LTlme ¦ Time Time Time
P, Ft. Ft Ft Ft.
a H W . L\W H W L.\W
28 ... 4:30 6.5 10:45 1.6 4:51 4.1 10:25 ~l7«
29... 6:15 6.7 11:65 1.0 «:1S Z.9 11:13 2.1
SO... 6:03 5.9 1:02 0.4 7:41 3.8 .......
L W . H W LW HW
81... 0:l» -2.4 6:54 6.1 2:04—0.2 8:56 4 0
1... 1:25 2.7 7:51 6.8 2:57—0.5 10:00 4.4
2... 2:20 ?.( .8:«,U 3:45—0.9 10:51 4 6
3... 3:14 2.9 9:31 6.6| 4:35— 1.0 11:40 4.5
Steamer.
• Destination. I
Sails.
Pier
-I
Colon.. Pan.,& Way. Dec. 23. 12 m PMSS
Corona Newport Dec. 23. 9 am Pier 11
Empire..... Coos Bay Dec. 28. Spm Pier 13
Pt. Arena... Point Arena.. Dec 29, 2 pm Pier 2
Amer. Maru China &'Jap. Dec. 29, 1 pm PMSS
Poirona..... Humboldt ... Dec. 29, 2 pm Pier 9
O. Elder.... Asfla & Ptld Dec. 29, 11 am Pier U
Newburg.... Grays Harbor Dec. 23, 6 pm Pier 2
Mandalay... CoquUle Riv.. Dec. 29, 10 am Pier 2
Rainier Seat. A N. W Dec. 29, 6 pm Pier 2
Czarina Seat. & Tacm Dee. JO, 5 pm Pier 8
Santa Rosa. San Diego — D«e. 30, 9 am Pier 11
Samoa...... Humboldt ... Dec. 31, 10 am Pier 2
O.- Dollar... Grays Harbor Dec. 31. 6 pm Pier 2
WJ Kruger. Grays Harbor Jan. 1, S pm Pier 13
Eureka...... Humboldt ...Jan. 1. 9 am Pier 13
"Walla TVal. Vic & Pgt Ed Jan. 1. 11 am Pier 9
North Fork. Humboldt . . . Jan. 1, 9 am Pier 2
Bonita Newport Jan. 1, 9 am Pier 11
Alameda Sydney & Wy Jan. 2. 9 pm Pier 7
Queen San Diego.... Jan. 2. 9 am Pier 11
Excelsior... Alas. v. Seat. Jan. 2, .. Pier —
Columbia,'.. Ast'la & Ptld Jan. 3, 11 am Pier 24
Arcata...... Coos Bay Jan. 3, 12 in Pier 13
Steamer. I From- I Due.
From.
Due.
b
Newburg Grays Harbor |Dec. 23
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound! Dec. 23
W. H. Kruger.. Grays Harbor |Dec. 23
North Fork Humboldt io«i. 2»
Curacao Mexican Ports |Dec. 29
Samoa Humboldt Dec. 29
Robt. Adamsbn. Nanaimn Dec 30
Queen San Diego Dec. 30
Bonlta. Newport Dec. 30
Eureka Humboldt Dec 30
Columbia ...'... Portland and Astoria Dec. 31
Peru Panama and Way Ports Dec. 31
Australia Tahiti Dec. 31
ProgTeso Seattle Dec. 31
City of Peking China and Japan Jan/%1
Arcata Coos Bay .r Jan. 1
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 1
Mexico Mexican Ports Jan. 1
Santa Rosa.... San DleRO Jan. 2
Corona 1 Newport Jan. 2
Umatilla Victoria & Puget 6ound Jan. 2
Crescent City.. Crescent City |Jan. 2
Point Arena jPoint Arena jJan. 3
12Z$ Market St.. betveen tth and Sth.
Telephone South HI.
AlcAVOY «fc CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALilERS.
t Successor To Flannaean & Gallagtier.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mpr.
;L^*KnAL DIRECTOnS AND niLBALMERS
£0 Firth re, cpposlsi; Lincoln SchoaL
Telephone Fouth M.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
CALIFORNIA NORTflVESTEBN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBURON FERKY— FOOT OT MiBinrp grT.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. »:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12^J. »:».
1:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:11
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trigs at Id* aad
Sir.\'DAYS-3:00, J:W. U:M a. m.; 1:M. J:JO. |:M.
i-ZO p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:1ft a. ra.; 13:4*.
1:40, 6:19 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:i*
« and 1:13 p. a.
SUNDAY5-8:lO, 1:40. U:l» a. m.: 1:10. 1:49. •:»«.
(:25 p. m.
Between San Franoisoo aad Schaetsea Park,
same schedula as above.
Lear* j In B3«ct j Arrtra
Ean Francisco. | Nov. 7, 1300l I San Francisco.
Week j Sun- I I 8nn- I W««k
Days. I days. I Destination. I days. } Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:49 am 1:44 am
1:10 pm 1:30 am Petaluma, 1:05 pm 10:JS aai
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Ross. 7:S5 pm 1:23 pm
Fulton.
7:10 am Windsor. 19:23 am
Bealdabors.
Lytton.
-v I G«yservill«.
1:38 pm IKMam Cloverdale. 7:33 pm (:33 pm
7:30 ami j Hopland j j
I 8:00 ami and Uklah. I 7:35 pmf <:C pm
7:30 am ~ [10:ttam
1:00 am Gnernerina. 7:25 pm
3:30 pm 1:8 pm
7:30 sun 8:00 am) Sonoma 1 »:1S ami *:4» am
( and )
5:10 pm E:0Opm( Glen Ellen. I 1:05 pmf 4:R pn\
! 7:30 am! 8:00 am! 110:40 am!10:2S am
3:30 pm! 5:00 pm: Sebastopol. I 7:33 pmf 4:23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W»Jt
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; it
Geyser ville for Skazzs Springs : at Cloverdal*
: for the Geysers: at Hoptand for Duncan
eprlrns. Highland Springs. Kelseyvi He, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlstt
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
?prlsgs. Bine Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Vallsy.
John Day's. Riirersld-. Llerley*s. Buckne!l"s.
Eanhedrin Heights. HullTllle. Orr*s Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fcrt Bragg. Westport. Usa!.
Wiilets. Laytonvtle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs.
Harris. CIsens. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday rcund-triB tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
teyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 6Z0 Market st.. Chronte!« baOd-
Ibc. K. X. RTAN.
H. C. WHITTNO. G»n. Pass. Agt.
Gen. Manac*r.
75 PER CENT OF THE PEO-
PLE who go east in Burlington
tourist cars come back the same
way — pretty good evidence thaf*
the service is all we claim for it
¦
From San Francisco TuetcV/s and Thuittfayt
— Omahs, Chicago, Kansas City, St \j>u't — ALL
points tast,
]?Pf5[?jQ W.O. Suborn. G.™.Ag«*,
631 Mark* Str—U
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SausallU F*ny.
Commendns September 30. 1M0.
FRO5I SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VATiT.KT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAY3-«:M. »9:15. U:C0 «. m.. 1M
t:15, <:00. 6:15, »«:li. «:*0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Baa
Rafael on Uondays. "Wednesdays and Bat*
urdays at 9:00 and 11:25 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »3:00. *ia:06. '11:30 a. m^ «IUS»
3:15. "4:45. «:«>. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qnentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:iO. •«:». 7:48. f:» a. m..
•1J:3O. 1:45. »3:S0. 4:30. 8:20 p. m.
EXTT.A TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and aiturdays at «:45 and 10:*> p. ra.
SrNDAYS-«:20. •3:00. 10U». 11:tS a, «a^
•1:4<J. »2:15. 4:45. HJ3 p. m.
Trains marked <*) start from San Qnentta.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6U3. «:45. 7:55. 1:30 a. m,.
12:35, 1:10, 3:30. 4:54. S:20 p. m.\
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wedaaiday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 aad 10.20 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. ra.. UUB. 3:15. l.ZO.
1:00. 6:i5 p. m.
THROUGH TRADJ8.
1:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero aad »X7
1:45 p. m. Satordays— Tooaales aad way
station*.
t:CO a. m. Sundays — Tomales mad •way
stations.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEIUST ST. Established
tn 1>5 1 for tbe treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manbood. D*blllty or
'liwas* wearies mi body and mind and
Skin Diseases. Tbe Doctor cures wlien
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
Curn suaruntrrd. Call or write.
Dr. J. k\ OIBBON. ban Francisco, CaL
WEEKLL CALL,
61 per Year.
IODTHRB!I PlViriV COXP11IT.
(PAOiriO SYRKM.)
Tr*!n» leatv* nml «re ilne «• i»rrlv« mt
kan riuNdwto.
(Main Una. Foot of Market 8tre«t)
ttATi — From Dioxmbi» 1. 1800. — imw
•7:00a Benids, Soiaun, Elmin, V*c»Til!e.
Bomsey and Bscrsmento *7il3p
•7:00 a. Ehuta Express— Davis. WflliaBS (for
BarUett BpriiigiX WUlows, Bed
Bluff, Portland. •IKS*
•7:30a MaxUuei, San ltamon,V»lleio. Napa,
C»llatfg»aadHaut» Rota ••il»f
•8:00a Dnis, Woodlsad. Kn^hti Landiac,
Marmille. OroTllle *Ti«If
•S:OO* AtlanUa Kxpreia— Ogden and Eul •*:«•!»
•8:OOANile*. LlTermore, Tney, I^thicp, .
Stockton *7>13p
•I:SOA San Joie, LlTermore, Stockton.
lone, baoramento, PUcertUlu,
M»rjiTiIl«. Chlco, Ked Bluff Mil.ip
•»iSOi Oakdale. Chinese, Sonora, Carters... Mil3p
•9:«(»* Hajnarda. Nilen »nd War HtAtiom. •! 1 :¦»•"»»
•Uioui Loa Angeles Express — Marttnex. ,
Tney, Uithrop, Stockton, iltrct J
Fresno and Lei Angeles *7i13p
•B:»0 A VaUejo. Marthiez ami Way SUkloni *3i«3p
•IOiOOa The OrerUnd limited— Of den. Den-
»er. Omaha, Chloaga ••:45»
•11:OOa Niks. StooktOD. Haaramento. Men-
dota, Fresno. H*nfotd, Viiiila,
Portertllla «4ilB»
•11:00a LlTermore, Saacer, Goehen Juno*
tlon. Bakersfiefd, Lot An«eles '_- 2.
tI:OAr Sacramento Uifei Steamers ta:O"A.
•3:»Or Hajwards, Nile* and Waj Buttons. *St4S»
•4:aor Martinez. Sati lUmon, Vallejo,
Nsp*. C»H"os». Santa Rosa •9ilS«
•lioiir B-nicf», Winters, Sseramanto.
Woodland, KntghU Landiac
MarysTillF, Orotllle *'•:«»
•4i3OpHsywarda, Mies aud San Jos* ?*=•**.
•3:OOr Nile s. Llrermore sod Stockton * 1 Os43a
0 3:OOp Bunset Llauted, U Paso, N«w
Orleans and Ksit c10:15a
•3:00pThe Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
BakenBeld, Haugna for Santa Bar-
bara, Los ADSeles. •I«il»A
•SrO«p New Orleans Express— Bakenfleld.
H jut* llmliara, Los Atijeles, Dem-
lac, El Pmo, Keir Orleans sod
East '. # 7i*ilA
•SiOOp Harvard*. Kilea and Saa Jos« *7i4itA
1«:OOr VaJlejo •llj«*
•«:9i>rOrlenUl Mall— Ojden. Cherenne.
Omaha, Chicago *SM3p
•a:Ol)pOrieutal Mall— Ogien, Denver,
Omaha. Cbloaco. M:13p
•7:OOr Oregon and California lSxpress,Haa-
laiiiBiilo. - Marjsillle. UediUuf,
I'ortl.n.!. Pnget Hound and Kasl, *St43a
•StO.irSan Pablo. Por» CoiU, M«rtlnes
snd Wsy SUtiont »11i45a
t«:OBp Vallnjo «11»13a
COAST BITKIOa (.Narrow tiaace).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
•Sil3ANewark,C>nterTllie.S«nJose,FeIton.
Boulder Creek.SsntaOrux and Wsf
BUUous ••«»•»
{SJil.ir Newark, Outerfille, Ban Jose, New
AlmadeD, Fcltoo. Ronlder Creek.
Banta. 1,'iur and l'rlocipal Waj
Buttons flwiBwa
•4il3p Newark, San .Toi«. Los Gatoa *SitOA
a!»uUu Hanton' Exsursion, San Jose and
-¦- Way Buttons f7t%9*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Prtm SIR fHiUClSCO— F«t if Mirkit SUeiMSU? 8)—
17:15 9:00 11:00*. «. 1:C3 3:C3 B'C3p.«.
rrtstPiiLtit— r»i •rgicH«iT.— t«:oo torn n-.ot
i lO.OOi.M. 12:S3 3:C8 t:03 *5:C3r.M.
COAST DIVISION (Rrosd(Jaage).
(ThlrJ and TownsenJ 3U.) _^
t«tlO\ Ocean View, South ban Fnociaeo.. t«t*»P
•7:*«A Han Jose and War HUtiniis (New
Almaden Wednesdays onl j) •lil«r
••«••* Han Jnse. Tres l'iuos. Santa Cms.
Paclllo Grot*. Paso llobles. Ban
Luis Oliinpo. Hurt, Lompoc au-4
rrtuetpal Way . Stations *4.l»»
•I*i4»a Ban Jose and Way BUUous •>iS3a
•IIiSOa Ban Joss aud Way Station •3i3«r
t*i43r8an Mateo. Ksdwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose.
Tres Piuoa. Bauta Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey and l'acifie GroTe |IOsSSa
. f3i3OpSan Joie and Way Stations *7i3or
f4:I3p Pan Joie and Principal Way Stations *»:43a
t&:OOp San Jose. Loa Gatoa aud Priudpal
. Wsy Stations «»>0»A
*S:3Or flauJose aud Principal Way Statlous *>sX5a
•5:3t>r8au Jose aud Way Stations tvno*
gll:4r>c 3 an Jcse and Way .Statlom *7»SJ»
A for Mornlnt. P (or Afternoon.
•Dally. . t SnndxT exespted. I kuuitt ocly.
7 Mondays. Wednesday*. Friday*.
t Taeedays, Tbarsdays, 8and»ys.
a Saturday onljr
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily
LEAVE MARKET-STREET FERRY PEPOTT.
Local UCal'fnla Over- Stock-
Express Limited land ton
Daily. Dally. Dally. Lrcal.
Leave — - - ¦
Ean Francisco 7: to am 9:C0am 8:00 pm 1:20 psx
Arrive— . ¦
Elocktcn ...:.. 10:25 am 11:45 am 11:?5 pm 7:t5 pm,
Merced 12:25 pro 1:17 pm 1:15 am
Fresno 2:20 pm' 3:35 pm 3:05 am „
I-ianford 4:2Cpm 3:27pm 7:06am
VlFaiia 4:19 pm 4:10 pm 4:15 am
Tulare : 4:?7pm 4:27 pat| 5:05 am ;..
Pckersfleld ••¦ 6:50 pm 5:20 pm 7:30 am
Kansas City.. J 2:41 ami 7:#>am
Chicago I 2:15 pmf 9:00 pm|
9 A.M. train is the CALIFORNIA LIMITED.
Cor res pond Irijt train arrives at 5:35 P. 1L daily.
4:3) P. 11. Is STOCKTON LOCAL. Corre-
ei»ond!ns train arrives ll:C5 A. M. dally.
E:00 P. M. .is the OVERLAND EXPRESS.
•with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers.
Corresponding train arriTes at »:¦>> P. M. daily.
7:20 A. M. Is BAKERSFIELD LOCAL, stop-
ping at all pr!nt3 in S'an Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrive!! at 8:40 A. M. dally.
OFFICKS— 6*1 MARKET ST. and In FERRT
DEPOT. SAN FRANCISCO; 1U3 BROADWAY
OAKLAND.
MOUNT 7AMALPA1S RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, Tia Sausallto Kerry- ¦
AVKKK DAT-&»...9;li a. m.; 1:43 and <:00 p tn,
SUNDAYS 8:00, 10:00. 11:30 and 1:13 p. m.
i - J Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Ratura.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOT7 OPEN
T!cket of flees. 621 Market st. Saaaallta F«rr«.
cyFrieni» and acquaintances are reepect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Saturday), at 8 o'clock, from Druids' Tem-
ple, corner Fourteenth and Fclsom streets,
thsnee to St. Michael's Church. Ocean View,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CALHOCN— In the Gty and County Hctpttal.
December 27, 1230. James Calhoun. a native,
of California, aged 22 years.
COLLINS— In Oakland, December 28. 1S00. Mrs.
Julia Cc-UIns. tx-loved wife of the late J. B.
Collins, e'.ster of Mrs. Catherine Lynch, ani
aunt cf D. J. Lynch cf Oakland. Mrs. Julia
Qulnn. Mrs. Kate Collins of San Francisco,
Mrs. Ellen McMurry. Eda Coppersmith,
Charles L* rrance t>f Sacramento and Mrs.
Margaret Hcr.es cf San Jo«e. a native of Ire-
land, ased 7fc yeare.
C3TFriend» are respectfully invited - to at-
tend the fuccT-al thin day <Friday). at •
o'clock, from the residence of her sister. 1737
Market etreet. thence to £t- Frauds fie Bales
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mendiyr at 9:20 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery.
PAHLTON— In this city, December 7S. 1S00, en-
tered into rest, Nora D-. beloved daughter of
Oliver and Ncra Dahltcn. and Bister of Alex-
ander J. and May E. Dahlton and Mrs. J. J.
lsv>r.ey a native cf Ean Francisco.
C7Fuseral services will be held this day
'Friday) at S:30 o'clock, from the reeldenc-
rf the parents. 402 Utah street, thence to Bt.
Charles Bcrromeo's Church, where a solemn
r»QUiem mass will be celebrated for the repos*
ri her «oul. commendng at 8 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy CroiS Cemetery.
TGAN— In this dty, December 2*. 1300, Henry.
b'lcved hueband cf Jane T. Egan. and father
cf Matilda, Joseph A.. Rose. Clara. Frar.y..
Jennie and Adelaide Egan. a native of Birr.
Kings County. Ireland, aged 7s years *nd t
mor.thf.. (New York City papers please copy.)
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
C7'Frl'*nds and accuaistances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
*Fridsy). six 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 4%
Powell «r«et, n*ar Post. latenaeat Odd Fel-
!ows' C^tr.eteiT.
BILLINGS— In Oakland. Deoesnber 26. 1900.
Carl K. BlUinn>, husbar.d of Arjis Billings,
and father cf William Anton* Billings. Mrs.
O. P. Har.son. Mrs. P. W. Lc* and Mr. N. P.
Nelson, a native of Bwetlen, aged 72 years J
month and 27 days.
BOTVERS— In Ocean View. December 25, 1300.
Augusta, beloved wife cf J. A. Bowers, only
<iaughi«- cf James and Sarah Patton. and b«-
:•¦¦•: rr.tr.er of Sarah. James and Josephine
Bowers, a native of Scotland, aged 22 years.
ANDERSON— In tfcls city. December 2«. 1300.
tjohan August, beloved husband cf Amanda
An<?»rron, a native cf Sweden, aged C2 years
S months and 6 iayf .
DIED.
Andersen. Jcban A. Koch. Herman
Billings, Carl D. Lucy, Anthony
Bowers, Augusta McEiroy. Margaret
."'.'.• - -r, Janxea . McManus. Rose
Coillss. Mrs. Julia Maguire. Thomas
iMhlton. Nora D. iloloney, John E.
Fran. Henry Norton. Henry M.
K'tE'-n. Mrs. Carolina Quadt, Louis
Fclger. Mrs. Earah J. Rose. Edward
GilliFple. John F. Par.born. Alexander
Goldman. Mette Smith. James XV.
Hmdry, Earah Smith. Mary J.
Jlcgan. Mrs. A. Fmyth. Grade
Johnson. Lymaa B. Whltnore. Amhust
EEDGELET— NORMS— In Alasieda. December
25, ISO*, at Christ Episcopal Church, by the
Rev. Dr. Lacey, V.'alter B. Sedseley and Kath-
arine A. C. Non-ls, both cf Alameda.
6ORENSEX— ROESSEL— In this city. Decem-
ber 2£. 1500. by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke,
Jens R. Porensen and Louise Roessel. both cf
Ean Francisco.
!iAEEIED.
2IAHBIAGE UCENSES.
The following carriage licenses were. Issued
yesterday:
Elizabeth H. Bigelow. 22. 2S47 Filln*>r» .treet.
_ T fc a?iuel Livingston. Zi. Oakland, and Lillian
H. Grecnhere, tt. city.
Archer B. Clark. 22. in Twelfth street, and
Maude M. MaiUer.d. ;?. ill Twelfth etreet.
nlllian E. O'Connor, U, C6 Waller Etreet.
«d Georgette Clavclot. 23. 1232 Mission street.
¦W Illiam I. Thornton. Zi. 2T13 Stockion etreet.
ar.a Lillian A. Quivey. tO. San Jose.
Wiibert F. gn-Jth. 43, Etockton. and Laura
B. Prcscctt, ZU Stockton.
Jchn W. Moore. S6, 4) Bemal avenue, aad
Catherine A. Fitzg-erald. 2S. 40 Bernal avenue.
Oiuseppe RuncaJlo. 24, 113 Second avenue,
trie Maria Devincensi. 14. 4T5 Broadway.
Jweph Iseral. tt. IIS Russ street, and Han-
nah Martin. f>, Siou Harrison street.
A<!e!rich Fucts. S<\ 4S3 Pine street, and Jo-
•erhina Fuchs. 25, 425 Pir.e street.
John E. Mooney. 26. I* Minna street, and
Annie T. Vivian, S4. 4CS Minna street. .
J->hn J. Bell, £5. ZZl O'Farrell street, and
¦J'rnip E. Charman. 2?. Angels Camp.
BIRTHS— MAPiRIAGES— DEATHSL
Birth, marriage ar.d death notloes serU by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication office* and b«
Indorsed with the name and residence cf per-
sons tuthorired to hate the eame published.
BOBlf.
HALTON— In A'.tmeda, December IS. 1900. to
the •w-lfe of I. F\ llaltoti, a. £aagfcter.
HEYNEMANN— In this city. December 27. 1300,
to the wife of Alexander Heynesiass, a
Cauchter.
JORDAN— In this city. December S3. 1900. to tas
wife cf J. Jordan, a son.
KAT.TSIAN— In this dty. November 80. 1*00. to
tbe wife cf Herman if«^'ri»ri ft daughter.
McMENOMT— In this city. December 23, 1900,
to the wife cf William T. McMenomy, a son.
MULLEN— In ttii city. December 3, 1S00, to
the wife cf James Mullen, a eon.
SCHMIEDEL— In th!» city. December 21, 1900,
to the wife of Dr. R. J. Schiale&el. a son.
TATLOH— In East Oakland. December 26. 1900,
to the wife of Edmund Taylor, a aon. —•
DISSOLUTION OF PjLRT.VERSHIP.
EAN FRANCISCoTr>ec?~26. 1S00— The firm here-
torore t-xisting under the name and style of
BOYE & KA.BENICHT is this day dissolved
by natal conMot. george habenicht
r-avlng purchased the entire assets and nega-
tives cf said Dim. The said GEORGE HABE-
NICHT hi* EFEuned all the liabilities of said
firm and all the debts due paid firrd will be
paid to eaiC CEOP.G3 HABENICHT.
O. H. BOTE.
GEO. HABEXICHT.
SrVTDEN'D Notice— The German Savings and
Lean Society, t:5 California Etreet. For th»
half year ending with December SL 1500, a
cividend has been declared at the rate of
three and cne-quarter (S^.) per cent per an-
num en ell depesiis. free cf taxes, payable
en and after V. ednesday. January 2. 1301.
GEORGE TOURNY. Secretary.
CAN Frarcifeo Eavirgs Unlcn, C£2 California
rt.. ccrner Webb. Fcr the half year ending
with the list cf December. UM, a dividend ha«
been declared at the rate per annum cf three
and six-tenths «.3 6-10) per cent on term de-
pc*!ts and three a) per cent en ordinary de-
posits, fre« cf tares, payable ca and after
Wednesday, January 2. 190L
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
HpIBOLDT Savirgs tri Lean Society, U
Oeary «t.-The directors have declared a dlvi-
ficrji ci S\ per cerst per anr.um en Its de-
pos.ts. payable en and after January 2. 190L
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 112 (fifty
cents per share) cf the Oceaslc Steamship
Company will be payable at the office cf
the cornrscy, 2T7 Market St.. en and after
Wednesday. Jer.uary 2. 1301. Transfer books
close en Wednesday. LVcerr.ber 2«. 1300. at 3
o clock p. m. E. H. SHELIX3N. Eecv.
A DIVIDEND la liquidation cf 3 per cent on
• all cepctits has been declared by The Califor-
nia ta\»nfs and Lean Society, payable en and
a 5 te I Friday. December 14, 1900. at the efflce
of tie society. Mill* bull<it:iir. Sd floor, rcom
If. CHAE. D. FARUUHARSOS, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Mutual Savings Bank of
fc*^ Francisco. 23 Post et.— For the half year
«nciag December 3L 1300. a dividend ha« been
declared at the rate cf three (3) per cent per
annum en all depcelts, free of taxes, pay-
able en tad aTter Wednesday. January 2. 190L
>'- ' - GEORGE A. STORY. Caehler.
SAVINGS and Loan Society, m Montgomery
st.. corner of 6utter-The Board of "Directors
cec.tred a dividend for the term ending De-
cember *i. WOO. at the rate of three and one-
<.uerter <3V) per cent per annum on all de-
l^t'.le. free of taxes, and payable on and after
?Z U F7 2 - 1S01 - Dividends net called for ara
aCCed to. and bear the Earn* rate of dividend
as^ the principal, from and after January 1.
»fl. ¦¦¦' cCTfcUa W. CARMAN Y. Cashier.
DmDEXD XOTICES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPE. * HITERS— W«
»«U better machines for less money than any
hou«« in the city; rentala. M. The Typewriter
Exchange. K6 CdlicmUt; telephone Main 268.
TYPEWRITERS AM> SUPPLIES.
CyFrierds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at S:45 o'clock, from the parlors cf
Theodor Dlerks, SE7 Mission street, thence to
Et. Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose- of hii
Foul, commencing at 0:15 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
EMITH-In this city. December 27, 1&00. Mary
J. Smith, beloved mother of Thomas N.
Emith. a native of England, aged 73 years 5
months and 7 days.
SMYTH— In this city, December 27, 1900. of
diphtheria. Grade, beloved daughter of J.
Beverly and Margaret Smyth, aged 9 years 4
months and 4 days.
WHITMORE- In th* City and County Hospi-
tal. December 26, 1500, Amhuirt Whitmore, a
native of Maine, aged 64 y<ear6.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are most re-
spectfully invited to attend the funeral to-
morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 540 Hermann street, corner of Fill-
more. Interment private.
BMITH— In this city, December 2«, 1300, James
W.. beloved husband cf th» late. Ana Frances
Smith, ar.d father of J. W., J. C. and Frank
Smith. Mrs. George Murphy of Grass Valley
ar.d the late Mrs. J. E. Hoyle. aged 77 years
and 7 months.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his mother, E1S Larkln street, between Turk
an3 Eddy. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
QUADT— In this elty. December 27. 1300. Louis
Quadt, a native of Ean Francisco, aged 29
years and 2 months.
RO6B— In this city, December 28. 1900. at the
parents' residence, 711 Tennessee street, Po-
trero, Edward, beloved son of John a and
Kate Rose, a native of San Mateo County,
Cal.. aged 4 years 9 months and £7 days.
EANBORN— In this city, December 26. 1900,
Alexander Valpey Sanboro. only and dearly
beloved son cf Georgenia W. Thompson, lov-
ing brother of Theodora M, Sanborn-Murphy,
and jrrandson of S. A. Carey. & native of
Oakland. Alameda County. Cal.. aged 26 years
4 months and 10 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:20 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 4<j3 Tenth itreet. thenc* to Bt. Jo-
6eph'» Church for cervices at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cress Cemetery.
MOLONET— In this city. December 26. 1900.
John Edward, beloved son of Patrick and
the late Elizabeth Moloney. and brother cf
Mrs. B. C. Pohley and Mrs. J. B. Allen, a
native of San Francisco, aged 21 years 4
months and 17 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
<Fri<Jay), at 9:53 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 21, and 2» Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick^ Church, where
services will be held at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cress Cemetery.
NORTON— In this city. December S5. 1900,
Henry M.. beloved son of Ellen M. and the
late Captain Henry M. Norton, and brother of
Mrs. Jessie Cattish, Mrs^da Kleve and Wal-
ter W. Norton, a native of fian Francisco,
aged 40 years £ months and 11 days.
Cyi'riends end acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at S:30 o'clock, <roin her late resi-
dence, 146 Hancock street, between Eighteenth
and Nineteenth, thence to Mission Dolores
Church. Sixteenth and Dolores streets, where
a requiem high, mass will be celebrated for
the repoee of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interenent Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAGUIRE— In Oakland, December 26, 1900, at
1315 Fifteenth avenue, Thomas Maguire. a
native of Massachusetts, agred 32 years. A
member of South San Francisco Lodge No.
45. K. Of P.
E7" Remains at the parlors of the Gantner &
Guctz Undertaking Company. 1209 Mission
street, between Eighth and Ninth. Funeral
notice hereafter.
McMANVS— In this city. December 17. 1S00,
Rose, beloved wife cf the late James Mc-
Manus, mother of John and James McManus.
and Eister of Mrs. Frank Miles and Owen
Prior, a native of County Cavan, Ireland.
E7"Friends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted &. Co.. 946 Mission street. Interment
private.
McELROT— In this city. December 26. 1900,
Margaret McEiroy, dearly beloved wife of
Hugh MeElroy, a native of Drum-Rlley,
County Leitrim. Ireland, aged 49 years.
CTFneada and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors cf Clark & Booth, 1017 Fourth, street,
Sacramento. Interment City Cemetery.
HEXDRT— In this city. December 26. 1900,
Sarah, dearly beloved wife of James Hendry.
and mother of William. Luther. Frank and
Orson Hendry, Mrs. Sarah Spangenberg and
the late Lucy Ann Hendry, a native of White-
haven. England, aged 72 years and 9 months.
C7"Funeral from late residence, 90SH Folsom
etreet. this day (Friday), at 10:30 o'clock. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HOGAN*— Entered into rest. December 27, 1900,
at the residence of her eon, Robert Hogan,
Mrs. A. Hcgan, aged 72 years 4 months and 2
days.
C7Interment strictly private. Kindly omit
JOHNSON— In this city. December 27. 1300.
Lyman B. Johnson, father of Newton and
Luella Johnson, and brother of William,
Alonzo, Walter snd Chauncy Johnson, a na-
tive ot California, aged 4S years 11 months
and 22 da;"S.
KOCH— In this city, December 26. 1300, Her-
man, beloved husband of Johanna Koch, and
father of Herman. Carl and Henrietta Koch,
a native of Dusseldorf-am-Rhine. Germany,
aged 33 years and 4 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission etreet.
Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LUCY— In Stockton. December 26. 1900, An-
thony, beloved husband of Mary E. Lucy,
and father of George AV. Lucy and Mrs. Slay
K. Squires, a native cf Philadelphia, aged 65
years. ,. , -•
E7Xotic* of funeral hereafter.
GOLDMAN — On Grand Island. Sacramento
County, December 27. 1900. Mette Goldman,
wife of Caarles Goldman, mother of Christian
J. Goldman and Mrs. C. F. Rugglea. a na-
tive of Denmark, aged 75 years and S months.
fuUy Invited to attend the funeral thU flay
(Friday), at S o'clock, from the parlors ot
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
to St. Brtgld'a Church. Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, where a re<iulem hlgrh mass will
be celebrated for the repoee of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:S0 o'clock. Interment . Holy
Crosi Cemetery.
EITZEN— In this city, December 27. 1903.
Mrs. Carolina Eltren, dearly beloved mother
of William J. Christ, a. native of Hamburg,
Germany, aged 4S years and 7 months.
DTrleads and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December SO. at a o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. IT6« Twenty-first street, between Bry-
ant and Florida. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
FOLGER— In this city. December 27, 1900, Mre.
Sarah J. Folger, a native of New York, aged
€7 years 11 months and 11 days.
GILLISPIB— In this city, December 27, 1900,
John Francis, beloved son cf Tbomas and
Mary Gilllsple, and dearly beloved brother of
Mrs. Albert Tissct and Thomas J. GllllEpie, a
native cf San Francisco, aged t8 ' years 2
months and 10 days.
AL^'AYS bargains In typewriters; any maka.
rt i', for rrlCM toU *M- ALEXANDER.
11C Mcr.urcmery St.
WAATED TO l£ASB.
WANTED-By a retpotuble party, to lease fcr
a teria of years m. -suitable buUdlnx wlta
plenty of l^tt f or a icachlne shop downtown :
wou.d l««e»« with an option to purchase at
the expiration cf lease. Address with tuU
particular* box K'.t. CalL
BAILKOAD TEAVEL.
j atQ a.m. - * j
The California Limited !
| starts for Chicago over the Santa Fe and gets i
z there on the third day — 75 hours. |
1 Everything on this train is real. |
I Begins January 1st.- : jRUDOLPH ARONSON, FAMOUS
THEATRICAL MANAGER.' ' IS
IN THE CITY. • :¦*.;•
'*' Edward :Earle' filed suit yesterday in th>;
United States .Circuit; Court, against ithe
city; and county of San Francisco to .re
cover $24,000 on rDuponts street; bonds an.l
$39,375 on couppns I of I thp ; same I with • In
terest on bonds and coupons-at 7 per cent
"from January 10, '1837. - .,':
Suit on Duppht ; Street" Bonds.
Wednesday. January, the 2d; the grea T .
challenge will take, place. In' this city. • • ;
The Challenge Is Out.
Trunks and traveling bagB.Beforw buying see
our "bureau trunk." A.- B. Smith Co^, 128 Ellis.*
Petitions in insolvency were filed yes
terday in the United States . District
Court as follows: Claus Schutt, farmer
Doughertys Station. Alameda County
liabilities $2199 17, assets $750; - James- L,.
Irving, traveling salesman, Oakland. lia
bilities $310 23, no aBs^tf." - •
Insolvency Petitions.
The Ale Problem Was:
la 'It 'served right? Now the question is Is tt
Evans"? Be shrewd, 'tis well, brewed & bottled.*
Molly ! Corcoran,: aged 64 j years. ,was ar-:
.restedin the Emporium yesterday by Spe
cial Officers 'Allen and Tlltori and charged
at the City Hall station with . petty \ lar
ceny.' • The officers .watched her, while she
¦was examining some sacques and saw. her
move. away,;witlV a jbundle under ¦ her
wrrip. ; When searched: at the- recording
desk, of the: prison- there were -three; red
sacques,' found on her person which- wers
identified -;-as « being, the proper tv. of ,the
Emporium. In her purse sho- had J20 In
gold. andvfl 'In silver. A' Waltham gold
watch was also found stowed -away -in. her
pocket.,. . V .-. J .._,.;/..... : ; :
.Woman Arrested 'for! Shoplifting.
Maude Adams failed to appear In Judge
Cook's court "Wednesday when her case
was called and a bench warrant was Is
sued for her arrest. She was* arrested
and appeared > before the Judge yesterday
morning-. She has ocen released on $30i)
cash bail, but the Judge Increased th«
bail to $750 cash or 31500 bonds. As shij
was unable to furnish the bonds thij
woman was sent the branch County Jail.
She was held to answer by Judge Mo^an
on a charpe of grand larceny for stealing
diamonds from Frank Rhoads Jr. of Sac
ramento. ¦ . . i-
Her Bonds Increased.
The most .beautiful ladies' shoes: ever
made will be sold to-morrow for Jl 83 a
pair. Only a few words about this shoe.
Made of vicl kid, hand turned, stylish,
coin toe, worth S3 50; sold for $1 85 at tho
shoe trust sale of the Bee Hive Shoe Com
pany, 717 Market street, near Third. •
Have a Look at Them.
It was thought that he had, played r\
practical joke on his stepfather, but a;;
he did not' make " his. apperance at home
the . stepfather : was " forced to the ' convic
tion .that he had been victimized, hence
the warrant.;- ..-»...-
Balder Frandsen, 1429 Devisadero street,
secured a warrant from Judge Conlan
yesterday f or the arrest of his stepson,
Peter N. Frandsen, on a charge of grand
larceny. The stepson is accused of steal
ing $141,\ r which, the complaining witness
kept locked. up in a locker *n his bedroon;.
.Last . Friday, night Frandsen and his
wife left the house to pay a visit to some
friends. When they returned they found
that the locker had been forced open and
that the. $141 had disappeared.
The stepson left a* note .wishing him step
father and mother a.merry. Christmas an«l
expressing his regret* that he had taken
tlie; money, which he -hoped would enable
him .to start fairly in some, other place
where, he -.intended to .make, his fortune.
Man's Arrest on a Charg-3 of
Grand Larceny.
Procures Warrant for ' the Young
FRANDSEN IS EOBBED
BY HIS STEPSON PETES
Mr. will leave, early in th-?
coming week for New York City, where he
will direct the production of the opera,
"Wiener Blut," composed by Johann
Strauss. The opera was warmly com
mended by the critics when heard In St.
Petersburg and Vienna.
gramme they render under thp direction
of the. "waltz king" Is changed at each
concert.
Charles Werner, a bartender, residing
at 271 Stevenson street, while crossing
Market street yesterday fell Into a man
hole in which workmen were making un
derground connections of -telephone wires.
In falling he fractured the bone of his
right thigh. He was conveyed to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where the fracture was
reduced by Dr. Putnam.
Injured by Falling Into Manhole.
The sum to be awarded as attorney's
fees will be determined by the court on
Wednesday, January ?. The law firm of
Reddy, Campbell & Metson appeared for
the plaintiff.
The Jury In the suit of Edward S. Low
ry vs. the Tile, Mantel and Grate Associa
tion of California and others; tried before
United States Circuit Judge Morrow, yes
terday morning returned a verdict In ac
cordance with the instruction of the court
to the effect that the defendants were an
unlawful trust, combination and monop
oly, conspiring- in restraint of trade an 1
that the plaintiff had sustained all the al
legations of the comoiaint except as to
the actual damages, which the Jury found
to be $500. for which, with the understand
ing that the sum would be trebled by the
court, they gave a verdict In favor of
Lowry, together with costs and attorneys'
fees.
the Suit.
Dollars and All Expenses of
Lowry Receives Fifteen Hundred
DAMAGES AWARDED IN
THE TILE TRUST CASE
But alas for the piecrust oromises of
widows. On Sunday Mrs. Letts and Con
ductor Boyer went down to San Jose and
without fuss or feather took each other
for better or worse It was a charming
ceremony in spite of the fact that the
brides head was done up In two-inch
bandages instead of being adorned with
the customary wreath of orange blossoms.
On Christmas day the Boyers cut short
tlielr honeymoon and, returning to the
5tem realfties of life, took up their resi
dence at the home of the bride, 2S77 Mis
sion street. Wednesday night at about
11 o clock Woodcock came to the Boyer
nome and pounding upon the front door,
cried out his opinion of weddings in gen
eral, varying the monotony of the under
taking by declaring at intervals that "he
would have the hlood of. the Bovers. even
if it took him thirty years to accomplish
his purpose. It is because of this desire
for Boyer life fluid that the charge has
been sworn to.
Last evening the Boyers made readv to
receive Woodcock, whose home adjoins
theirs. Mortimer Letts, Mrs. Rover's
twenty-three-year-old son. took up his
station at the front door with a business
like Fix-shooter In readiness*. Within the
house Boyer held guard, while the pluckv
wife stood by him. The police have not
as .yet located Woodcock.
, Woodcock is an -Kngllshtnan and has
four children ln the old country.
At last tho Woodcock style of argument
prevailed and with the widow's promise
to be his the motorman left the house.
It was at this point .that Woodcock had
recourse to his own forceful and peculiar
way <}f winning widows. He pulled out
a slcdire hammer from his pistol pocket
ami. grabbing tho lady by the throat, he
asked her again and again to grant his
puit. each time emphasizing his love pro
testations with a blow of the hammer.
His generosity had no effect upon the
tettfl affections, and the lady curtly in
fcrrrsed her admirer that she would* not
marry him if he were the last man on
earth.
'Trr about to come into $18,000," went
on the- ardent swain, "and if you will
only marry me I will give you not only
my love, but all my money."
"I hear you are to be married," said
the motorman.
"That's right," said Mrs. Letts.
"Am I to be the fortunate man?" asked
Wo jdcock.
"You are not." said the widow.
f.sy he Kent the fair widow a set of dishes
f.s a tre&Uac prciteat. and when he came
ty-f rvrning he made it known at the
CCCT that th« object of his visit was to
ffp thRt rone of the crockery had been
Vrrktn.
Cacf ir.Fice the house, however. Wood
cock forest all aboyt his present and
innrtwi :n rrake vf»>lrnt love to the widow.
BECAUSE Mr5. Flofe Boyer raar
rif d a conductor en the Fillmore
street line instead of a molor
uicn of th» Bryant-?treet cars',
:''•» police are out hurting for
Georse F. Woodcocl:. and they are armed
with a ararrant which charges him with
M ¦xsa.nlt with s> deadly weapon.
5'rr-. Toyer. prior to i? Tt ganday. was
Sirs. Flora Lett::, an attractive widow
¦pith c prrwn son and tvro ardent suitors.
The wider.- had given Woodccck the m;t
f*n. but he would not be discharged ?.nd
<-a!1ed upon her at her home. 26T7 Mission
frtreet. en riatunSay pvcrfng last. Wood
rock'? rail ras apparp:it!y mnde in a most
fr:«r:d'iy and rrportant spirit. During the
Warrant Out for His Arrest for De
livering a False and Forged
.Telegram.
¦ John Calvert, . secretary of the State
Board of Pharmacy, secured a warrant
from Judge Fritz yesterday for the arrest
of William, A. Kampman, druggist, Han
ford, Kings County, on the charge Sf
delivering a false and forged message pur
porting to be received by telegraph.
..'Calvert says that In the beginning of
October last Kampman applied to him
for a certificate to enable him to practice
in this. State, alleging that < he -was a
graduate of the St.; Louis College of Pha'r-
i -inacy. He made an affidavit to that effect,'
but Calvert was not satisfied, and on O,c
'¦¦ tober 10 Kampinan.^handed .the secretary
a telegram purporting, to, have been ser.t
over the Postal Telegraphs, Company's
vires and signed by J.- M. Good, secretary
of the Missouri State Board of Pharmacy,
¦ to- the- effect that Kampman was a grad
uate of the State Board. •> On that showing
he' got the certificate -to "practice- in ithls
.State. Calvert, now alleges that the tele
gram was false aria forged, and that
Kanmpman Js nQt. a graduate of the Mis
souri State Board.. .;_>¦•.
DRUGGIST KAMPMAN OF
. .- , HANF0RD IN TROUBLE
TpvL'DOLPH ARONSON. one of tho
\\_JJ colossal' figures in the theatrical
|\V world . f9 I" the city at the Palac»
W.^ Hotel. The woll-known manager
arrived here yesterday to l-o
present at the first appearance here of
Eduard Strauss, the "Waltz King," who
makes his bow to a. San Francisco audi
ence on Sunday night at the California
Theater.
Mr. Aronson was the pioneer' in New
York City in building "uptown thealers."
he having constructed the famous Casino
Theater of the Eastern 5 metropolis. All
the great comic o'pera* stars of the past
score of years have appeared at the Casi
no. Mr. Aronson was the producer of
"Erminie" in America, and paid Francis
Wilson an enormous salary to appear in
the comic opera. Lillian Russell, De Wolf
Hopper. Jeff de AngeJK Marie Tempest,
DeJla Fox and many other notable players
reached popularity under the management
Of Mr. Aronson at the Casino in. New
VorK. At the present time, (Mr; Aronsou
is -manager and proprietor of the Uijou
Theater in New York City, and is also
directing the tour of Strauss and his re
nowned orchestra. ,
In speaking of the reception accorded
Strauss at the Metropolitan Opera-house
in- New York recently, Mr.. Aronson said
yesterday that the record for large audi
ences had been broken in the vast build
ing when Strauss gave his first concert
in 'Gotham. ¦• ¦ »
He says that the reputation of San
Francisco as a patron of music is known
far and wide, and he looks forward with
confidence to a prosperous week - with
Strauss and his orchestra. Strauss is to
give nine concerts during his engagement,
which begins on Sunday night.
The composer of the dreamy dance
movements is accompanied bv the Court
Orchestra of Vienna. The forty-six musi
cians comprising tho orchestra are all se
lected instrumentalists, and the pro-
. »¦ ,. .; . . .
Rudolph Aronson, Builder of the Famous New
York Casino Theater, Visits This City!
PIONEER PRODUCER
OF COMIC OPERA ARRIVES
THE WIDOW AND HER TWO SUITORS. ONE SHE MARRIED; THE OTHER ARMED HIMSELF WITH A
BLEPGE-HAUUrR EKEFOSE THE MARRIAGE AND WITH IT TRIED TO TURN THE COURSE OF HER LOVE
TO HIMSELF. ;• :
Collector* Stratton has referred to the
Chinese Bureau the matter of the escape
of. the. three Chinese Immigrants last
Christmas -night from the detention shed
at the Mall dock. When the report shall
have been completed the Commissioner
General of Immigration will be notified
and the United States District Attorney's
office will be instructed to begin proceed
ings in court to collect $500 for each of the
eleven Chinese that have escaped from the
custody of the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company during the last six weeks. The
steamship company is under bonds for the
safe keeping of Chinese immigrants
awaiting a hearing from the Collector as
to their right to land.
The case of tiie eight Chinese who es
caped from the same place several weeks
ago has been reported by Chief Dunn of
the Chinese Bureau to the authorities at
Washington, and the chief Is now await
ing instructions from headquarters to pro
ceed to collect the penalty of 5-1000 on the
bonds of the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany for that batch.
Chief Dunn "of the Chinese Bureau
Investigating the Recent Coolie
Jail Break.
PACIFIC MAIL . MUST
KEEP CHINESE SAPELY
She Marries the Conductor Instead of the Motor
man and Swears Out a Warrant for the Arrest
of the Hammerman, Who Vows Vengeance
USES A SLEDGE HAMMER
TO EMPHASIZE HIS LOVE
FOR A CHARMING WIDOW
THE SAy FRAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1900.
12
B0WEN
XED.
To-Day and
To-Morrow
HamS-rejubiiy ijclS; \ 2 \z
EggS— regularly 37;^ doz }^c
Butter— regular.y 55c square l^OC
D.UeS— rfgul.rly i2.S'clb IOC
Vyhiskey— rcguiuly Ji bot-3 for $2
Whiskey— regularly 54 gal $1
Shrimps— rcguhtlyi2ic tin • IOC
j Port— regularly $1 bottle 75c
( S!ierry— regu'arly $r toltls : 7^C
I Mddeira-regularly f 1 bottle ' . .75c
V..Clarefr— regularly 50c gal J^C
V. Caret &:i?n quirts; S2.25
BlCOn— Armour's Star— fancy - I re
Cheslnuts-itaiian IO c
Goffee— Kona— reguhrly 2;clb 22|:
. Cigars fcr New Year's ; |
: Bonbon s for favors
: Finnan haddies arrived . ;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
P THAN ONE PAIR TO A CUSTOMER ' d i~$£ v^ h '# **&P$*i
I j hosiery at the most reasonable ' ' ? )^> '' :icn braid. all ¦ Department. *Ti
mul \oe?.°n 1 U l Te S nc?iVaiid ll verv e i>la 1 «ft < iJ-'' ¦ t£xL Jt^S ' aVso'^A'PTeLv* Jlfi. t^Pt : . co!ors vvhite and na.tural; LUKoLI UtPAK I l\1t l\l .
i£^^|- Z&&™ §m§M™™^^^ If yon wear 3^1^-19, 24, 25
U CHILDREN-a B HOSE mad'e'of %'Z-[ n wV ' 7T «>Md Battenberg. P ch inwv^ v^tq ;-'i 8e ° r 26 C0T8et here l3 a chanCe not t0 I
||tra wide and elas^k-; except ionfl qua*! • " V ¦ rh^fp.? 1 !^ 9 - ' n S c 5 nntoll< ? wlt^ cro " in "^ts and CORSET WAISTS, g
§TV ¦"¦•.- • 1<>C St^ finish and 4fe %S?B$8l Hble^Tolo^ffu tnS of ,ood .aterlj well
' 11 All Item FrnmOfir nrpccinn «,«^ ? ' W* ' .sjay: unheard of qualities at unheard boned and stesled, with doubL- F
.H^iiiiem rrumuUi UreSSing modest prices are the -W of prices... 2 3c side steels and rustproof front b\
II -acqU2 Deoartment. trio that is bound to /5^k Fv4X LnJ [.. matth> ankl " 1^» c^; steels. Amazin-ly lo^ pricrd- J
H m Vrt DI^ s^ KrMONA . dressln s sacnues attract seekers of rpnl iV^S l,aD-ES* combination .-SUITS. O=? Ce*ntcz *<
ramade of best quality daisy flan- seeders or real made of best quality Australian wool V*entS. m
m l\\ tho 'nlWUS ,? g AV re T, eff i ects - in values to this depart- M& ; • jfwiw ribbed steam shrunk and medi-' The makers of in* cefebrnfed Afrjesfy jj
h-ia an me new Persian or Dresden pat- #3?»sf*t cated, long 1 sleeves hle'h neok a ni-i«, /. . « A r^_j *. «
m terns, trimmed with solid colors. Be ment. M^f\ leneth. nock crocheted and drawn Corsets hare just completed a new Cor- f,
|«one of the lucky ones and secure one , T ,. , ,. , fF$™Jt through with silk wash ribbon- Rosen set made on the same lines as their n
M sacaSef-. t ?S?SS n?» P^f ? • dre « sl "K \ adi " S olf skl rts. MM §. i b**B'» way of cutting prices. . .'.§1.75 world-renowned Majesty Corset, called j
W^so^ws^skI^'S-- LADIES' HOSE SUPPOR I ERS tf "> " Pril '" S3 of "*'«• " <"> d "« ™
m m! J J; l «m *^* , w °°l golfing, inverted at Hai c cemVp rest assured it is far superior in qus.'i'y «
1 '^ \ Brood quality- striped back . ; welted : 8e ai3s. "^SBF LADI^SIDE oaS-Sr? "™,h I and "orimanshia to any $1.50 corset \
IflnfJ JfJ??' ?\ T bre " a Pitched buttons, perfect^ngine^^ I in?d!«l^co?d A SSg^wff^^^ made and equa, to many $2.50 ccrsets. I
H flounce, fitted yoke band, good and man tailored r A Mrt th °. .; bcr grip button, with fancy clover-leaf It is made of best fast black Frer.ch '%
I 1 «fy« d «*»^. f with good perfectly, xnade and finned "not "i?&&%5£?$S& J^^uble side steels, rust proof front %
KS tape draw strings. Your oppor- a detail, however trivial k«iJ n an artlcle wortn d o«ble the money steels, perfect fittmq and well fimshei. I
g tunity-35 cents. ' ov JrTnnvi I ?? , 1? £ as b , een Kosenterg's price 25c Our introduction price........ SI. 5O f
H didjau \irv*/c overlooked -or slighted. -Equal to nil» 1 1 ATHFP rnnnc «»*.=>v \
II RlBiiO\ NEWS. any 85.00 skirt in town, our spe - / "^ LtA »ntK OUODS | Q M us i: n Underwear I
m /^ MFFn cial ? 2 - 75 Are such as to combine durability with U1 ' TIU =» 1 '" V"«erwear |
M S^3 o^lr.r- At O'Farrell Street Entrance. attractiveness and inexpensireness - Department ?
m VrfW SCMl „ three great attributes io be considered iT »s "CLEANING-UP" T1MF &
i Cb /4m RJRRHM? HANDKERCHIEFS. in selecting leather goods. ' H A^ TOO "avy GAR* *
| &2*i <f$M KJB »W I LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS made A l IO *r PUR ? E MEXTs"^ THT^ SS g
11 Htt-Cr&^jrw How much of good quality Tn?h linen lawn, nar- vr" d . n £^ D CASi " m » d , e °£ K e n, uin , e 3ECTION OP OURS. FREE TO CON". *
H T-Z£Z? )\M A n vm , ; e t;-ii row "emstitched htm. hand-initialed orocco °/ ***¦} Pressed leather. lined, FESS THAT. BUT BUYERS WII,T, g
|| r^-^L/rCrl y usually unlaundered. just as they carne from rn : et ? d i teeI frame : machine sewed. MISCALCTTT,ATE SOMK TIMES- i
fej l_>rW i~H\ spend, 40 and th«» nunnery; your opportunitv..ia i -c« n °Ai S lued: T n »°^vJ2.^? ov £)$££"* at --«*»« THEIR MISCALCUIATTON MEANS fe
US ¦ '/. ¦ T 'r4\ here to-day and % alenciennes lace; a rare bargain substantial and durable as any J1.00 seams: all sizes, good width 4. bar- I
ES X/K save half. " "".1*.* '* purse 125c Bain In every sense of the word... 1 7c K
1 width $$ .:::::;;: • • • • g^tj ordziu Q\Q M ai r k B t" S h rp, p, t phslan j^Si •/* <?""• '«"« d ' «««?«'•"- I
m Width 40 ... 7'J« ? TILLED. VIV 1 ? 1 >l I rVV^t -JU tVl, BUILDING S/lifnTH tra long ajriA OO<J width. 3
m " -• 1<C \ RUNNING THROUGH TO II O'FARRELL. f/JJ| || J A rare chance r>Dv »
THE MONEY-SAVING
FURNITURE and CARPET
HOUSE.
.'I _ frig* f^W^Pp^li _ .i
affSPHI
OUR Jit¥"GuOO?HAVE ARfilVEO
We Invite you to see them. You w:l
save money if you buy from us.
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN EVERY PR
'j I -; : PA RTME N T.
We have had a larsre Christmas bu-M
ness, but Intend to increase our trade bj
selling pood goods at low prices.
Every article marked in plain flgurea
10 PER CENT OFF for CASH
CASH OK CnEOlT.
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.,
1015-1017 Market Street,
OPPOSITE TAT LOR ST.
DR PIERCES
GOLOEfy
MEDICAL
FOR THE
I Bg-OOD.UYER.ILiJMGS.
DR.MCOTLTY.
n^nra witrx-KNowjr and reliable oli
I SpeelallstewesB'ood Poison, Gonorrhce».Gle«>t
•Stricture, r>enil:ml Weakner», ImpoTenc- ai.d th»ti
allied Disorders. BooS on Di«ef.«e9 of Me», froo
OverC0Tcam>xper!ence.Term<irea3onnbe. Hoiim
9to3dally;8:30to9.30ov'gi. Rcpd.tT»,K»M 12. Cmbdi
tatiODfrecandsaersdljrconfldentJ&L < "ail ocaddrea
P. RO8COE 3IcXUI.TY, M.D.
20Ji Heorny Ht., 8anFranri»co.Gs>l
15 "D TT C XI T? C *"°rt barbers, ba k
DuUOllLO «•". boothlacks. bath
houses. btlUard tables
1'rewers.- bookbinders, candy-makeri, cannera
dyers. - flourmllls. foundries, l&andries, paper
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta
blemen. tar-roofer», tanners, tailors, etc.
UUC.iA>A.i BROs.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609Sacramsnto St
fe, -^gATgjsaTS!, >)
B"l iSfiV S?n i 0l f el ? 9 t'™^. In bull
¦ ¦I BSM ?" d l0 ? d , eU ln sheIU - Set"
111 HttRQ for cata!o«xia O £ stwrtini
W/.T.HES9,
. XOTA&T JrViiUlJ AHJ VttQ&Htit-XB-T.A.w
Tenth r - T S 0^ fer^« 9 JPrec k el3 Bld s
Residence. S21 California st.. below Powell.
| ¦¦»¦¦¦
Review or the Cen-
1 11C V^llIloL 1 lull lo T"K T
. , ' THF i
Glimpses of the Fu- ==
'"'" SUNDAY
The 50 Most Famous
Men of the Century CALL
The Twentieth Cen- j
tury GirL I
„ _ DECEMBER THIRTY,
Peck's Bad Boy and N1NETiENHUN05ED -
AND A HOST OF INI CRESTING
1 . . . —ft