BRANDS BRIBERY
CHARGE AS A LIE
Hanna
Hurls
Back
Bryan's
Words
• and
Scores
the
Nebraska
Man as a
Falsifier.
THE DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATE FOR THE PRESI
DENCY SNAPSHOTTED IN THE ACT OF
SPEECHMAKING.
Senator
Willing
to Forget
Kansas
City and
Pleads
for
Votes for
the Man
From
Nebraska
HE'LL NOT BE HAPPY TILL HE GETS ITV-IN THE NECK.
KESWICK. Oct.19.-H. D. Camp
bell and George A. Bridge, mem
bers of the staff of the Mountain
Copper Company of this place,
lost their lives while fording
Rock Creek this morning.
Campbell and Bridge went to Redding
last evening to attend the ball given at
the close of the Odd Fellows' grand en
campment. Early this morning the two
men left the ballroom and went to the
home of John W. Hare, where they slept
several hours. At 6:30 o'clock they left
Redding and drove rapidly toward
Keswick. Dav was breaking an.l
It was raining hard as they came
to Rock Creek, usually an insignificant
stream, but swollen to a torrent by
the night's hea\-y downpour. There
were no eye-witnesses to the attempt
to ford the creek, but at 8 o'clock
a man' discovered a badly crippled horse
standing at the edsre of the creek, Ju»t
below tho ford, with the wreck of a
buggy near by. The horse was recog
nized as the "driving animal of H. D.
Campbell.
Word was sent to the smelter office at
Keswick and search parties were organ
ized. Forty men were dispatched to Rock'
Creek, j They hunted downstream for two
miles, to a point where the creek empties
into the Sacramento. Near this junction
the' body of Bridge was found. It was
covered with sand," only an arm protrud
ing. : All day long thai search for Camp
bell's .body was. continued,, but no trace
could be found. The creek had fallen so
rapldly;that'if his body remained in that
Btream it would have been recovered. It
Is' believed It must have been swept out
Into the river. . , •....-*
. Both men were unmarried.
.. , I, + ..... .n ¦ . . ..--..
Drowning of Two Keswick
Residents Returning
Jrom Odd Fellows'
EncamDment.
PERISH WHILE
ATTEMPTING TO
FORD A CREEK
This forecast has been made without regard to the political bias of the newspapers directing it.
The men engaged in the work were instructed to note conditions as they, existed, to cast aside partisan
ship and get at the truth; This they have sought to do, and while the result may make unpleasant reading
for some, it is given in all candor and' honesty and in the belief, strengthened by past experience, that it
is prophetic. * •
This'last statement is based upon the knowtedgeof the accuracy of similar, forecasts previously
made under the auspices of the New York Herald.' In 1884 thatpaper predicted the election of Grover
Cleveland, in 1888 the success. of Harrison, in 1892 the second triumph of Cleveland, and in 1896 the
sound money sweep for McXinley. • In conjunction with The Call; this year, the forecast has been even
more thoroughly made, and it is safe to say that what The Call and r Herald foreshadow to-morrow is
foreordained for November 6 next.
The Call will publish to-morrow morning, simultaneously with the New York Herald, a fore
cast of the approaching Presidential election, based_ upon the closest observation in every State in the
Union. In conjunction with the Herald, The Call has had for some time employed inall the doubtful States
a corps of trained political observers. For weeks they have been sifting conditions and preparing estimates
for the purpose of ascertaining for the readers of both newspapers how these States are going on Novem
ber 6 and what members of Congress they will elect. This work will be finished to-day and will show
beyond a doubt who will be elected President and which party will control the next House of Represen
tatives. . ¦-'..:
THE CALL'S FORECAST OF
THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION
"The> assignment was made jvqluntarj
lly," said A. J. Skinner, one or the bank'a
attorneys, to-day. "She manifests a sin
cere desire, to make what .restitution she
can for Schreiber's defalcations. She will
not be arrested.
NEW YORK,. Oct. 19.— Mrs. Annie Hart
has signed papers; assigning to the Eliz
abethport Banking Company her "right,
title and interest" 1 in certain Jewelry in
the possession of a Fifth avenue firm of
jewelers and also her safe deposit oook
in the; Bank . of Amsterdam, - which may
contain valuables bought with the money
stolen- by •William Schrelber, the default-
Ing bank clerk. ' • • ; ' '
MRS. HART ENDEAVORS TO.
MAKE RESTITTDTTIO N
BRON AUGH, Mo. , Oct. 19.— Seven
masked men wrecked the safe of
the Farmers' Bank at about half
past 1 this morning. Dynamite
was used and the report was
heard by Constable William T. Morren
and the proprietor of the Bronaugh
House, across the street from the bank.
Morren lired several times in the darkness
in the direction of I report and shot
after shot was returned, by the robbers.
One struck Morren and killed him. -. He
was shot squarely between the eyes with
a 44-caliber bullet.
.The. town has a population of about 500,
and the shooting, brought all the men out,
but the robbers got away safely. The
robbers stole their tools from the Mis
souri Pacific toolchest.' The safe, of three
inch, steel, was inclosed in a steel-lined
stone vault. Some of the robbers stood
guard -outside while ithe safe was being
wrecked. ' Cashier Brubaker of the bank
says its loss is $1625.
MASKED MEN
ROB SAFE AND
KILL OFFICER
Seyen Bandits Make Raid
on a Missouri Bank
and Shoot Down a
Constable.
NEW YORK, Oct. 19.— Archbishop
Ireland, in an interview to-day,
reiterated what he had previously
said of the Pope's thorough ap
proval of the policy of the United
States in the Philippines and Cuba, and
added the recognition that In the former
islands the only safety for her property
and priests is found under the protection
of the American flag. "In one of the au
diences which His Holiness granted me,"
said the Archbishop, "the Pope said:
" 'We are well pleased with the relations
of the American Government to the
church in Cuba and the Philippine Islands.
The American Government gives proof of
good will and exhibits In Its acts a
spirit of justice and of respect for the lib
erty and rights of the church. We have
confidence in the intelligence and spirit of
Justice of the American Government, and
believe that the future will not lead us to
a change of sentiment toward It. .Under
the American Government there will be
due respect for the rights of property and
of conscience. You will thank, in my
name, the President of tho republic for
what is being done.'
"Cardinal Secretary Rampolla said: 'The
church needs' in Cuba and in the Philip
pines the co-operation of the American
Government for the protection of Its
rights and v liberties, as indeed the Ameri
can Government needs the co-operation of
the church for the pacification of those
countries.'
"As a plain matter of fact," added the
Archbishop, "the only safety which the
Catholic church at the present time has In
the Philippines for the possession of her
properties and for the lives of her priests
Is the protection afforded by the American
flag, and all this is fully .understood and
fully recognized in Rome." •
Protection Afforded Catho
lic ProDertu and Priests
Dulu Recognized
bu Rome.
GRATEFUL TO
THE AMERICAN
GOVERNMENT
LINCOLN, Nebr., Oct. 19.— With pros
perity as his principal topic of discussion.
Senator Hanna traveled through the east-
Upon the Issues of the Day.
Talks to tb,e People of Nebraska
SENATOR HANNA'S TOUR.
Senator Hanna was then driven to the
Auditorium. He spoke for about twenty
minutes, discussing Industrial conditions
for the most part. He received an ova
tion when he concluded and the crush to
shake hands with him was again so great
that the police had to clear the way to the
carriage. ,
From the Auditorium Senator Hanna
was driven to the Lindell Hotel, where he
spoke for about five minutes. Here again
there was much confusion and hisses and
shouts for Bryan mingled with cheering.
Senator Hanna then referred to Mr.
Bryan's alleged reference to him as a
'•'labor crusher," made first during his
Senatorial campaign in 1597. and con
tinued:
"I want to remind every man that a
man who in a contest will drag an honor
able name into the mire for the sake of
making votes is not worthy to be consid
ered for the high office of President of the
United States, and I.. believe there arc
thousands of people in the State of Ne
braska who resent it as an insult to their
Intelligence and their ideas of fair play
and justice: because when a man has the
opportunity through newspapers or
through the public rostrum to make
charges too trifling to be denied, and
those charges go undented and enter into
the minds of the people whom the man so
charged has no opportunity to convince
any man who will use those tactics to fur
ther his own selfish ambition is not fit- to
be constable."
"In regard to that statement," Senator
Hanna said, "before an audience in Lin
coln, I want to hurl It back in his teeth
and tell him it is as false as hell. When
It comes to personalities I am willing to
stand before the American people 1 on my
record as a business man and let him
stand on his. I have been in business
forty years; I am employing 6000 men, pay
the highest wages, treat them like men,
and they all respect me, and when Mr.
Bryan or. any other man charges upon me
—and I am willing to appropriate it all, as
I am chairman of the board of man
agers of this Republican campaign— with
any such methods as those. I propose, as
I said, to hurl it back and denounce him
as a demagogue— In his own town."
Shortly after 8 o'clock the parade
formed and amid a blaze of flambeaus and
fireworks Senators Hanna and Victor Dol
llver were escorted to the Oliver House.
Senator Frye going to the Auditorium.
When Senator Hanna was introduced he
was received with a roar of applause.
Senator Hanna spoke at some length, tak
ing up the silver and anti-imperialist
issues, and finally referred to the charges
which Mr. Hanna said had recently been
made by Mr. Bryan that the Republican
campaign managers had entered upon ex
tensive bribery in order to secure the elec
tion of the Republican ticket.
Escorted by the Lincoln Traveling: Men's
Marching Club 'anil several uniformed
marching organizations. Senators Hanna
and Frye were escorted from their train
to the Lincoln Hotel. Immediately after
dinner Senator Hanna. standing on the
balcony of the . hotel, shook hands for
some time with the crowds that filed Dy.
So great was their number that Senator
Hanna was finally compelled to beat a re
treat.
The first of the two days' speechmaking
in Nebraska by Senators Hanna and Frye
culminated to-night In three big meetings
here, including an outdoor • meeting in
front of the Lincoln Hotel. Only two
meetings had been planned for, but so tre
mendous were the crowds that attempted
to force their way into the Opera-house
and the Auditorium to hear Senator,
Hanna that he was finally asked to ad
dress an overflow meeting from the bal
cony of the hotel. Excursion trains were
run into Lincoln from many points in
Eastern and Central Nebraska and the
parade which took place to-night included
a dozen of the town uniformed marching
clubs, among them several -women's or
ganizations.
said Senator Hanna In his speech
at the Oliver House in Lincoln to-niKht. In
referring to W. J. Bryan. In his speech,
which was one of the lengthiest delivered
in his present tour, Senator Hanna bit
terly denounced Mr. Bryan for what he
termed "his attempts to slander me in my
own State." This 13 Bryan's home town,
and the speech of Senator Hanna was re
ceived with mingled cheers and hisses.
LINCOLN, Nebr. Oct. 19.— "A man
who knowingly or unknowingly will
circulate slanders about another
man Is not fit to be a constable,"
At North Bend Mr. Hanna was present
ed with a big bunch of flowers by a dele
gation of little glrla.
. "There Is another side to this question,
that of patriotism. As long as our dead
lie burled In the Philippines, as long as
our brothers and fathers lie in that soil,
anybody who attempts to haul the flag
down will be snowed under. They say
that there Is another side to this question.
They call It commercialism. My friends,
lfjlt Is commercialism to want the pos
session of a strategic point, giving the
American people an opportunity. to main
tain a foothold in the markets of that
Eastern country, for God's sake let us
have commercialism."
"I have heard that you have a candidate
for the Presidency living In your State."
said Mr. Hanna, amid laughter, "and that
he has got it bad. so bad that he ia will-
Ing to sacrifice all the material interests
of this country In order that he may at
tain the height of his amtition. Now, my
friends, you are not called upon to exer
cise the prerogative of your votes to sat
isfy the ambition of any man, but you
are called upon to consider your own In
terests and the interests of your country
first."
In, briefly discussing the question of im
perialism, Mr. Hanna said:
. A big audience greeted Mr. Hanna at
Norfolk, the street being packed for al
most a block from the speaking stand
Prosperity as the issue was then debated
by Mr. Hanna for five minutes. The
farmers composing the audience cheered
him until the train was far from the sta
tion.
"Oh, I am not so dangerous as e*i that,"
said he, laughingly, pointing to the ban
ner.
"Populist farmers, beware! Chain your
children to yourselves or put *em tinder
the bed. Mark Hanna Is In town.**
At Wlnslde. a little hamlet in the midst
of the corn country, Mr. Ilanna saw tho
following banner as he stepped out on the
car platform:
"What we want to consider is what is
best fcr our personal interests. All you
want to do is to let well enough alone."
"There is no time for the people of this
country to say anything to any set of
politicians which attempts to raise a bogy
man to scare the timid," said Mr. Hanna..
At "Wayne, ¦where the audience was
made up mostly of farmers, he said:
The nrst stop in Nebraska was at Em
erson, where a good-sized crowd gave tho
Senator a warm greeting. At WakenelU
two brass bunds were at the station, but
their music was almost drowned by tho
terrific din caused by a gang of grain
shovelera, who pounded the Immense
scoops with clubs and shouted for Hanna.
Here Senator Hanna addressed the crowd
in a big tent put up near the station.
"You men. better than any one else."
said he, "know what the continuation o£
the present conditions means to this coun
try. It 13 in the hands of the toilers, the
men of the factory, to decide whether the
wheels of industry shall be kept running,
whether thty shall continue to earn the
highest wages ever paid to skilled laboc,
or return to the conditions existing four
years ago, to the bitter struggle fur sub
sistence for themselves and their families.
I have no doubt which way you will de
cide on the 6th of November."
Sioux City was the first stop to-day.
It was about 7:C0. and the crowd which
greeted Senator Ilanna was made ui>
mostly of workingmea from the near-by
shops, who, with their dinner pails on
their arms, crowded urcund the stand
erected in the big train shed in the Uepoc
diid shouted "Hello, Mark!" to the Re
publican leader. Mr. Hanna made an ad
dress of about ten minutes.
will leave Omaha immediately after the
close of the meeting there and will ru.i
straight through to Chicago.
To-morrow, the last day of the tour.
will be spent for the most part in the ex
treme southeast portion of the State, the
two principal meetings being at Nebraska
City in the afternoon and Omaha in the
evening. The special train, it is expected.
ern tier of counties of Nebraska to-day,
making speeches in over a dozen citie-«
and towns and winding up to-night at
Lincoln, the home of Bryan, where an im
mense demonstration had been arranged in
his honor. Most of the district covered by
the Republican leader to-day is distinctly
agricultural and, speaking to the farmer-,
who In many instances made up a larg •
proportion of the crowds that greeted
him. Senator Hanna took present an I
past Industrial conditions as his topic. Hu
speeches were as a rule more length.
than those of any previous day of tho
tour, and in orJer to complete the pro
gramme the iirst speech this morning at
Sioux City, Iowa, occurred before S
o'clock.
THE REPUBLICAN CANDIDATE FOR VICE PRES
IDENT CAUGHT ON THE STUMP BY A KODAK
ARTIST.
"This is a g-overnment controlled by
great political parties, the respective or
gans of which' are formed and maintained
by those who largely agree upon certain
policies of administration, but it is not ex
pected.. nor is It practicable, that such
parties will' at all times," fully and accu
rately, represent the sentiments of every
Individual member, tit Is sufficient that
pome leading principles In which a citizen
believes are advocated by the party with
¦which he is associated, to Justify his sup
port of that party, regardless . of its atti
tude on subordinate questions which he
may or may not approve. He need not in
dorse every line or plank of a platform In
order to maintain his orthodoxy.
"A different policy would disintegrate
jrreat parties and create factions without
number. Majorities must control In politi
cal parties as well as in governments. The
question after all Is not one of mere con
stituency—which Is never a vital matter
but whether one's own political party as
a whole better represents one's sentiments
than the opposition party, and the solu
tion of that problem must always be de
termined by the elector himself, according
to his own best Judgment.
"It Is submitted that It is the duty of
every Democratic citizen everywhere to
eupport the nominations of the party, reg
ularly and fairly made, even though some
party policies may not nrvt their entire
approval. I am reasonably sure that the.
platform of no other party will suit Demo
crats as well as the platform of their own
P*rtjr.
"While my personal views of certain
portions of the reaffirmed platform may
not have been changed, particularly as to
their wisdom and expediency, it does not
follow that either honor, duty or con
sistency requires me to withhold my act
ive co-operation in electing the ticket
¦which was fairly and regularly nominat
ed; much less do such considerations re
quire me to cancel my party ties or Join
another party or support another ticket.
I repudiate the idea s» persistently Incal
culated by impracticable doctrinaires that
every time a citizen is outvoted In a con
vention, a church, corporation or a so
ciety, -even upon a material matter— he
is In honor bound to bolt and form an
other party, establish a new church, set
up a rlvaJ corporation or organize a sec
ond society.
nomination of our national candidate for
President in behalf of the masses of the
Democracy of the State of New York, to
Kive the ticket not nurely my acquies
cence but my support, and tnat assurance
J am now fulfilling.
"If there existed no reason it is be
lieved that a sense of common danger to
our free institutions, now being imper
iled by the attacks of our common ad
verearlef, has cemented the Democracy
of the East and West tocether in their
patriotic efforts to effect a change in
the administration of our national affairs
— a change of measures and of men. In
the eplrit of Democratic unity which I
fci'ieve now largely everywhere prevails
I vipit you as a humble' representative of
the Eastern Democracy in the interest of
that cause which is dear to every follow
er of Thomas Jefferson, to counsel to
eethtr bom- best we mayitisure the suc
cess of those cherished principles of gov
ernment which were first enunciated by
that great founder of our party organi
zation.
"I make no apologies to any one for my
activity and interest in this campaign. I
participated in the convention at Kansas
City which framed the platform and nom
inated the candidates — a convention which
treated me with courtesy from the com
mencement to the end ol its proceedings—
and as an honorable man I was bound to
acquiesce in the results of its delibera
tions. It Is true, as is well known, that I
eought to secure a modification of the
proposed platform. In some particulars,
in which, however, I was only partially
puccesfful. but b*lrg reasonably satisfied
with its utterances on the questions which
seemed to form the leading- issues in this
particular election I expressed my inten
tion at the convention in seconding the
David B. Hill of New York. A
great number of people were unable to
get into the armory and for their benefit
several outdoor speeches were made by
local orators. "When Mr. Hill arrived at
the armory, accompanied by Mayor Car
ter H. Harrison, he was given a magnifi
cent ovation. Mayor Harrison introduced
Mr. Hill, calling forth a prolonged out
burst of applause. It was fully five min
utes before the cheering subsided suffi
ciently to allow Senator Hill to begin his
addrc-F?. Throughout :ts delivery he wa3
accorded a generous amount of applause,
Senator HOI eaid in pait:
CHICAGO. Oct. 19— An audience of
5000 people crowded the Second
Regiment armory to-night to lis
ten to an address by ex-Senator
At Binghamton, where Mr. Bryan had
the largest and most enthusiastic audi
ence of the day, special notice was- made
of the fact tnat some of the manufactur
ing plants of that city were close.
The day was rendered Interesting by a
spirited meeting at Auburn, the home
during his lifetime of Secretary Seward,
and Mr. Bryan's pointed reference in his
speech there to the manager, of an im
portant manufacturing enterprise at that
point which he evidently intended should
have greater than . local application.
Speeches were also made during the day
at Cortland, Binghamton and at sev
eral other points. The day's work closed
with a meeting at Rochester late to
night. The meetings to-day were gen
erally well attended, and those at Ithaca
and Binghamjon were especially targe.
Probably the Binghamton meeting was
the most enthusiastic of the day. In all
instances except at the beginning of the
Ithaca meeting close attention was given
to the speeches.
Mr. Bryan's speech at Cortland was
addressed almost wholly to the farmers
and he there expressed the opinion that
one person out of a hundred was bene
fited by Republican policies. He pleaded
to hJs auditors to throw off the yoke of
partisanship and assert their Indepen
dence. He declared that the farmers
were e\ery year owing more and owning
less of the wealth they create.
The young men who were below re
sponded to these signals with cries and
yells, and they also asked numerous
questions while the speech was in pro
gress. Evidently, too, quite a large per
centage of the students were in sympathy
with Mr. Bryan, and some of them
shouted lustily for him when his replies
to the questions of their fellows were
especially to their liking-. Mr. Bryan was
generally voted to have met the occasion
successfully and that he did so was evi
denced by the fact that the interruptions
grew fewer and farther apart as the
speech proceeded and at last ceased alto
gether.
SYRACUSE, N. Y., Oct. 19.— William J.
Bryan, the Democratic standard bearer,
to-day experienced his second encounter
of the campaign with college students. It
occurred at Ithaca, and the students were
from Cornell University. The incident
was not so exciting as that at Ann Arbor,
Mich., for the Ti-ason that the young men
were not so persistent and did not work
in such unison, but there was one feature
of interest which was not noticeable at
Ann Arbor. This was the participation
of young women in the affair. A hundred
or more members of the fair sex were
stationed at windows in the high school,
just back and over the stage from which
Mr. Bryan spoke, and they disturbed the
proceedings to as great an extent as they
could by lowering posters bearing a
picture of President McKinley so as to
attract the attention of the crowd.
Cornell Students.
Bryan Has a Lively Encounter With
"It Is an issue which cannot be ignored;
it cannot be ridiculed; it cannot be sup
pressed; it overshadows all other issues;
it is here to stay. It involves the perpetu
ity of our republic, the nature of which is
sought to be changed by men who call
themselves Americans, but who are Brit
ish in sentiment, British in sympathy and
British in fianancial interests."
GIRLS JOIN IN "JOSHING."
"President McKinley says there is no
such issue and yet he devoted the gr \ter
part of his extended letter of acceptance
in antagonizing it. Senator Depew scouts
the idea of any danger to the country
from what he calls 'American imperial
ism,' and occupies half of his time in his
public speeches in endeavoring to per
suade his hearers that they ought to tol
erate it. Governor Roosevelt, recently
'promoted* to the Vice Presidential nomi
nation through the disinterested effort?
or Senators Platt and Quay, gives nearly
all of his attention in his public utterances
to the discussion of this topic.
"It is the one subject which has largely
engrossed popular interest since th-* -tay
the nominations of each party were le.
The Interest in It intensifies as the ctrn
paign progresses. Like Banquo's ghost, it
will not down.
"The thoughtful citizen anxious to dis
charge his duty at the approaching elec
tion not only requires what is the most
important issue Involved to which he
should give his careful consideration but
without deprecating the importance of the
questions of trusts, finances, monetary
reform, taxation, centralization, govern
ment by injunction, home rule, economics
and other questions worthy of attention,
it was believed that the vital question of
this campaign was whether our form of
governwent was to be preserved In all its
simplicity and integrity. It is called, in
brief, the issue of 'imperialism.' In other
words, it Is the issue of a republic versus
an empire.
SAN FKANCISCO, . SATURDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 142.
PRICE FITE CENTS.
HE'S A NACHE'L BORN REACHER.
HILL OF NEW YORK
TALKS FOR BRYAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Those who are fond of traveling: (and who is
not) will hall with delight the news of a direct
steamship route to Tahiti. This charming land
has until now been accessible only by slow
sailing vessels, but on November 1st tbe popu
lar steamship Australia will sail direct, mak
ing- the trip in 10H days. A reduced round
trip rate has been mad* for the first trip. Call
at Cit Alarket street lor calling list. •
Papeete the Beautiful.
LONDON, Oct. : 19.— The Imperial : Lib
eral Council at Its meeting to-day, adopted
a resolution In favor of reorganizing: the
next Liberal party on the basis of social
reform 'at; home and of the consolidation
and ultimate federation of the United
Kingdom with tbe colonies.
Liberals Hay Reorganize.
SAN JUAN,' Porto Rico,. Oct. 19.—Yes
terday was the second '. anniversary of
Spain's evacuation of the island. There
were no official observances, the only In
dication that the day was remembered
being the decoration of the city buildings
In San Juan and of certain' public build
ings everywhere.
No Demonstration at San Juan.
MISSOULA, Mont.. Oct. 19.— Percy K«tn
nett, 'Stepson of ex-Governor Hauser of
Montana, accidentally shot and killed
himself at Victor, Ravalll County, last
night. •
Will Not Be Enforced.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 19.— The Commis
sioner of the General Land Office to-day
Issued the following: order: '"The require
ments of - the clause • In the applications
for grazing permits by which the appli-
Accidentally Shot Himself.
EL PASO, Texas, Oct. 19.— The town of
Guadalupe. Mexico, In the Rio Grande
Basin, forty miles below El Paso, was
swept away by a cloudburst "Wednesday
night. The 800 villagers lost everything
they possessed. An old man and two
children, besides many goats and cattle,
horses and fowls, were lost.
Three Lives Are Lost 'at Guadalupe
nnd Three Hundred Villagers
Are Left Destitute.
MEXICAN TOWN SWEPT
AWAY BY A CLOTJDBtntST
a NE-W YORK, Oct. 19.-The ( Edouard
on r the S ATle 6 r nna orchestra " arrived to-day
Strauss Orchestra Arrives.
LONDON, Oct. 19.— The steamer New-
York, which Is to sail for New York from
Southampton, will have on' board as pas
sengers, Maurice Grail, Edouard de
Reszke, Mme. Nordica. Mme. Bauer
melater and Beventy other operatic
itrtlstfl. - /, - . ¦ ..¦.-, ¦ /-
The _ steamer Campania', which will
leave Liverpool to-morrow for New York,
t n, a \t on board Mme - Melba and >Ian 7 '
cinelli, the musical director. r
The steamer -L'Aquttalne, which sails
K?! 11^ .i[ r^, to -«iorrow ¦ and the steRmer
Frlederlch der o Groaae, which sails from
Southampton Sunday, will carry the re
mainder of the GrauOpera Company.
Steamers New York and Campania
. . Will Carry the Maurice Grau
Opera Company.
OPERATIC STARS TO ;
LEAVE SOUTHAMPTON
Officers of Sigma Nu.
CHICAGO. Oct. 19.—The biennial meet
ing of the Grand Chapter of the SIgmaNu
fraternity came to a close here to-day
with the flection of the following officer*:
Heeent. Hamilton C. Dawes, New York;
Campos Salles. bound for Buenos Ayrcs.
to return the vipit of General Roca. Pres
ident of Argentina, who visited Rio de
Janeiro In 1S93.
Salles Will Visit Boca.
RIO JANEIRO, Oct. IS.— Three Brazilian
warships left here to-day with President
was more comfortable to-day and to
right he ts reported to be resting easily.
There has been no appreciable change in
hi* condition oxeppt. perhaps, that he 13
a trifle weaker than yesterday. The
bronchial cough from which the patient
pufTerp wap less severe 'fo-day, giving him
a chance to sleep more than usual.
Sherman Is Weaker.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 19.— John Sherman
Miley Johnson, Who Shot Conductor
Jordan, Taken From the Sheriff
and Hanged.
PLAQVEMINE. 1^., Oct. 13.-Milcy
John5on, a negro who **hot and danger
ously wounded Conductor William Jor
dan of the Texap and Pacific road
Wednesday night near Baton Rouge, was
lynched at 2 o'clock to-day. Johnson had
frt-en incarcerated temporarily at the
State Capitol.
Last night the Sheriff attempted to take
him to the jail at Port Allen. A de
termined body of nu>n overpowered the
officer, and securing the prisoner, hanged
him.
MOB LYNCHES A
NEGRO IN LOUISIANA
The accident occurred between the Ex
position station on the Champs. Elysees
and the Place de la Concorde. A train
entered the Place de la Concorde sta
tion, backed out again, and the. train fol
lowing, owing to a misunderstanding of
signals, crashed Into the rear carriage.
Luckily both trains were going slowly.
Nevertheless, the shock partially smashed
the end of the car, shattering the win
dows of both trains and extinguished the
electric lights. There was great excite
ment, the darkness in the tunnel adding
to the horror. Women screamed ana
wounded • passengers appealed for • help,
while others loudly called for lights. The
railroad employes hastened to the scene
with lanterns, and the passengers pro
ceeded on foot to the Place de la Con
corde station. The wounded were prompt
ly extricated and removed to a hospital.
Traffic was Interrupted for several hours.
PARIS, Oct. 19.— The newly inaugurated
Metropolitan Underground Railroad had
its first disaster this morning. Two trains
collided and twenty-nine persons were In
jured, two of them fatally.
Twenty-Nine Persons In
jured, Two Fatally,
at Paris.
FIRST DISASTER
ON UNDERGROUND
The Columbia' is a marvel of strength.
Years hence, with proper. care, she will
be Just as good as she Is to-day, but !t
rests with her builders to so Improve upon
that construction that there will be safety
under the great strain •' a modern racing
cutter Is subjected to. It also will be In
teresting to see if, with a greater area of
canvas than has yet been seen In cup de
fenders, it can be made to stand and per
form the • dervlce required. .: Tha proposi
tion, is an Interesting one and the yacht
ing world will watch the outcome with
much concern. = ' ..,.•;... -f...
NEW YORK, Oct., 19.— An officer of the
Newport Yacht Club said to-day there
would be a new boat built to defend the
America's cup and that the Herreshoffs
would be the builders.-
This is the first positive declaration that
has been made In this' important matter.
It was not told' whether the new yacht
would be owned by an Individual or a
syndicate, but an announcement Indicat
ing, the. steps taken In the proper defense
of the old trophy will probably be made
at the regular meeting of the club to be
held on the evening of Thursday, October
25.
This will be welcome news, not only to
the yachtsmen, but to the public gener
ally. , Leading members ot/the yachting
community have hoped for the announce
ment ever since it was known that Sir
Thomas Llpton had determined to send
his second challenge; They were sure it
would be difficult to defeat the Columbia
if she had again to defend . the' cup, but
felt it would be taking chances and that
the prize should not thus be endangered
It will now be left with the Herreshoffs
to produce aboat that is faster than the
Columbia. These builders have, perhaps
reached the limit of lightnesB and safety
in the matter" of spars and rigging, but
it is to be found out If they have reached
these limits In the matter' of hull con
struction.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Yachtsmen Are Determined
to Retain the America's
Cup
NEW DEFENDER
WILL BE BUILT
According to those who are most Inti
mately acquainted with Mr. Croker'a
financial affairs, tho Tammany, chief now
has a stake on Mr. Bryan of $120,000 at
odds varying; from 2>4 to 4 to i. He stands
to win $440,000 if Bryan is elected.
How much cash. Louis Wormser has at
stake belonging to himself no one knows.
Much of the money which he has bet on
McKinley has boen Intrusted to him by
conlldont Republicans. "In Wall street he
is credited with having wagered almost
$<y>0,000. Thi* has been plaped at odds
which will average 4 to 1.
Lively betting wafi to-day shown by the
Bryan men. The -largest amount risked
was $12,000 against S50.000 on McKinley.
Several bets were Involved in the sum,
but the names of the principals were
withheld. The sum of $50,006, Involved in
a wager between Jacob Field and "Jack"
McDonald, a bookmaker, believed to be
8oting for Richard Croker, was posted
¦with Bell & Co. to-day. Mr. Field said
he thought Mr. McDonald had made the
VHger in his own behalf.
"I am a strong believer, tn McKinley,"
said Mr. Field. So sure am I of Repub
lican success that ? will wager $300,000 at
4 to 1 that Bryan will be defeated. His
recent speeches have been so full of anar
chistic Ideas that . I think they will cost
him many votes, and this Is one of the
chief reasons why I am willing to bet
against him." ¦•¦¦q, ' ¦••<:•: '
There' was much election betting talk
In Wall street during the - day. -J. J.
Judge said he would bet even money,
with no limit, that Kings County would
go Republican.- :'-; ...
E. L. Mordecai of • 62 Broadway' an
nounced that he had $10,000 to bet on Mc-
Kinley at 4 to 1 In sums of $1000 and up
ward. He also offered to wager $500 that
McKinley carries New York State by 75,
00") plurality.
Charles K. Ross of Weber & Fields
early this morning bet Robert J. Morgan
of the Russell & Morgan Printing Com
pany of Cincinnati $1000 to . $5000 that
Bryan would be ¦ elected.
Mr. Croker denies that he ever had any
Intention of Influencing the odds and as
serts his full confidence In Democratic
success.*
NEW YORK, Oct. 19.— So shrewd a pol
itician as Richard Croker, whose knowl
edge of betting has been acquired in a
practical school, is generally believed in
Wall street to have misjudged the trend
of public opinion. He is thought to have
failed utterly in an attempt to depress the
odds on McKinley to such an extent as to
permit him to "hedge" his Bryan bets
with financial advantage to himself.
Odds Have Not Fallen as It
Is Believed He Expected
Them To,
CROKER MAY BE
UNABLE T0 HEDGE
LOURENZO MARQUES, Oct. 19.— Mr. Kruger" was secretly taken at 5 o'clock this morn
ing on board the Dutch cruiser Gelderland, on which vessel he is to sail for Holland. ' The
reason given for Mr. Kruger's hurried embarkation on the, steamer Gelderland is that he
feared the Boers here would attack him. The feeling of the refugees against Mr. Kruger for flee
ing from the country is very strong. He left the Governor's house in a hired carriage, accompa
nied by Dr. Haimann, the Governor following in a private carriage. The party drove through the
custom-house and embarked from'the customs pier instead of from the passenger jetty. It is re
ported that the Gelderland will sail to-morrow. . .
The local railroad employes have been instructed to hand over to the British all the roll
ing stock of the Netherlands Railroad Company. . ¦... . ,
DUBLIN, Oct. 12. — John J. Clancy has given notice that he will move at the next meet
ing of the corporation that the freedom of the city be conferred upon ex-President Kruger.
OOM PAUL KRUGER, THE FLEEING PRESIDENT OF THE SOUTH AFRICAN REPUBLIC, NOW ON BOARD A
DUTCH, CRUISER AT LOURENZO MARQUES.
(From his very • latest photo published in Array and Xavy.)
ground.
4. My speech delivered at St. Louis the lath
of Sfotember on the trust question.
These documents have already been widely
published in the press of the country and the
members of your party are fully informed in
recarrt to my views on the questions covered.
In 1SS6 the money question was the question
of paramount importance, but the Republican
party.: by its disregard of the principles of our
republic and by its advocacy of policies repug
nant to the doctrines of self-government, has
left us no choice but to summoo all lovers of the
Declaration of Independence to the defense of
that sacred document and the constitution
framed in accordance with it.
Xn your letter you quote several appropriate
extracts from Lincoln's speeches. I find In a
tpeech by Lincoln in 1S53 a defense of the
Declaration of Independence, accompanied by
a fervent and patriotic appear to his country
men not to abandon the principles therein
enunciated. It is so applicable to the present
time and so in harmony with the references
you have made to Lincoln's words that I quote
the . followlns extract:
"Now, my countrymen, if you have been taught
doctrines conflicting with the great landmarks
of the Declaration of Independence, if you have
listened to suggestions which would take away
from its grandeur and mutilate the fair sym
metry of its proportions, if you have been In
clined to believe that all men are net created
e«ual in those inalienable rights enumerated
by onr chart of liberty, let me entreat you to
come back. Return to the fountain whose
waters spring close by the blood of the revolu
tion. Think nothing of me; take no thought
for the political fate of any man whomsoever,
but come back to the truths that are in the
Declaration of Independence. You may do any
thinc with me you choose If you will but heed
these sacred principles. You may not only de
feat m« for the Senate, but you may take me
and put me to death. While pretending no in
difference to earthly honors, I do claim to be
actuated in this contest by something htgher
than an anxiety for office. I charge you to
drop every paltry and insignificant thought for
any man's success. It is nothing; I am noth
ing: Judge Douglass is nothing. But do not
destroy that Immortal emblem of humanity-
the Declaration of American Independence.
How harsh th» contrast between the lofty
sentiments "expressed by Lincoln and the sor
did mercenary appeal now made to the people
by 'the Republican party. How great the
chasm between the statesmanship which would
sacrifice life itself in defense of that immortal
document which has been the model of repub
lics ever since it was promulgated and the
commercialism which woold sacrifice everr
noble and holy purpose in pursuit of new mar
kets and would indorse the doctrine that trade
can be purchased with human blood— a doc
trine advanced by those who want to give syn
dicates a chance to exploit distant colonies.
In response to the hope which you express,
permit me to assure you that my political obli
gations are due entirely to the plain people,
who ask no special privileges at the hands of
the government, but demand only equality of
rlchts and opportunity to enjoy life liberty and
the pursuit of happiness under the flag of a
republic. These people, the nation s wealth
Drodueers In time of peace and the nation s
warriors in time of war. have already done
more for me than I can i ever repay. Whether
I am elected or not, it shall be my ambition to
Drotect their rights and advance their interest*
by every means within my power. Very truly
yours, r# J* BRTAJJ.
BUFFALO, N. Y., Oct. 19.— The follow
ing letter, accepting the nomination of
the Silver Lincoln Republicans, wai
mailed to-day by Mr. Bryari:
BUFFALO, N. Y., Oct. 19. 1300.
Hon. Samuel YV. Hopkins, Chairman, and
other*, members oi the Notification Commit
tee of the Silver Lincoln Republican Party —
Gentlemen: 1 am in reaeipt or your letter for
mally notifying me of my nomination for the
Presidency by the .Silver Lincoln Republican
National Convention, held at Kansas City, July
4 lMKt. In accepting the nomination I b*g to
express my hearty appreciation of t'ae support
given our ticket by the members of your perty
In the campaign of lSUti, and of thu nlellty
shown by t!uru daring- the four years which
have glnce elapsed. The evidence of conrt'lence
anJ pood will manifested anew at the last ni
tional convention rlaces me under renftWed
obligations. There Is a consistency about tho
human mind which leads an individual to
ar:ly old principles to new conditions, and 1
was therefore not surprised to find that tho^e
who lift the Republican party in ISrfG on the
money cut'Stion are now opposed t> it on tho
trust oiiestion. which has Increased in Ira
imrtanco *ince 1S96, and upon militarism _ ana
hr.iivriijjism. the new questions which the Ke
t>ublUan party has forced upon the public
within the last two years. . •¦ •-
Your Dlatform. of which you Incl *e a copy.
Is In its <ieolaratlons so similar to th* Demo
cratic platform - adopted at Kansas City that
it Is not necessary for me to taKe up the
planks In detail. 1 inclose the following docu
ments, and make them a part of thja letter:
1. My speei-h at Indianapolis, in reply to tha
Democratic notification commitxt-e. dealing with
imperialism, militarism and the resolution ex
pressing sympathy for the Boers.
2. My letter formally accepting the Demo
cratic nomination, covering other planks of the
i'latform.
- 3. My speech accepting the Populist nomina
tion, dealing with those Issues upon which the
Democrats and Populists occupy eoramoa
Formally Accepts the Nomi
nation Tendered Him
by That Party.
BRYAN'S LETTER
TO SILVERITES
Mr Bryan has claimed to be apainM trusts.
ret Mr Bryan's own manager. Senator Jones.
i« not only" the chief l«-iK-nciary of the cotton
bale trust but he nuibbln- about it and says
it is not a trust. Mr. Ilryan was the £U<-st of
Mr Oukor In New Tork. and if he is corr^ct-
Jv quoted, say* Mr. Croker is the great^t
nian In tbe world and Tammany Hall the
neatest organization In thr world. I>"t m* tell
vou though, that the gentleman who presided
over the Hrvan mc-tiris in New York was Ld
» H a M. Sheoard. coun*.-! for the rreat sugar
truft. one vi whose uromincnt im-mbers. l>>
the way, •>. rc;iut'd also to be among the fore
lr.o.-t promoters of the cotton bale trust.
This -ounsd for the surar trust introduces
Mr iiryan vrbOM thetis is a denunciation or
tru-ts- " Mr. Crokt-r, who is the only man
through v.hom Mr. Bryan can hope to ,. b «
elected, and who r»f the chief spirit on that
OOCUtoa teaoaaot* trusts in his pub»c ca
jacitv while in his private capacity promotes
a trust th«t in my opinion i* an iniquitous
one Kx-Ser.ator Hill, who 1* alf=o supporting
Mr Hrvan and denouncing trust*, is counsel
of the corporations endeavoring to break down
the tnacbice tax Uv.\ Mr. Bryan is intro-
Gueed and championed by these three men and
is t'lnc managed by Senator Jones.
Nov.- understand me. I do not enter Into
the merits* of these trusts. ea\e that I believe
the ice trust not only from the character of
the commodity in which it deals, but from its
connection with the lea<itn K local politicians,
can iiroiKTly »-» denounced as iniquitous. Still.
I havr no question that there are plenty of falr
ly h^net-t men who have gone into these trusts
fimply as a business matter, as they would go
into arv corporation, but what 1 want to em
t.hasizo is the utter hypocrisy of ueitur another
tru*t as a party shibboleth in the Bryanized
IVmiKTary when the prominent leaders of that
party have private ownership in the very trusts
which they ostentatiously denounce.
' Mr Bryan U maklnK even.- effort to carry
»¦»• York and he known his sole chance— a
\ery i-mall <>r>«\ gentlemen— lies in the Cr'iker
ired Democracy of that State using every
means at it* command. When Mr. Bryan al
lies himself to Mi". Crcker and Is the bene
ficiary of all for which Mr. CYoker rtaads. he
forfeit* the right to be treated as sincere in
his mgMeftlan to trusts.
We have often been told that Mr. Bryan
must be ppnloned for his crude and raw
theories of finance and economics and even for
Mf aidinr and abetting the Malay bandits
who are shooting down our Koldlers in the
Philippines, uiv.n the ground that he has good
intentions; that he is sincere in his denuncia
tion of wrong. I do not see how such a claim
can t>e uret-d by e gueFt of the Tammany
Democracy, one of the foundations of which is
b'ackmai'lr.g the protected vice and infamy
that in New Yoik City flourishes with hideous
rar.kness undrr Tammany's control.' Mr.
Croker Is trying to help Mr. Bryan to na
tional euceeys, which would mean the deepest
Ftain ur>on our financial honor at home, the
deepest stain on the honor of our flag abroad.
In return he is trying to help Mr. Croker to
brir.«r down the Ptate of New York to the level
of the coarse and vicious evil to which Xew
York City has already been reduced.
T11XTON, W\ Va., Oct. 13— Governor
J.oosevelt and party clofed their tour of
West Virginia io-night, after one of the
longest journeys in his tr:p. Starting
from Parktrfburg. on the Upper Ohio. In
the morning, he made speeches at differ
ent points alonp the Ohio River, notahly
;u i'oint Pleasant and Huntingdon, and In
the latter place started up the great
Kanswha Valley, making speeches alone
the way and going across the river at
Charleston to wltne?? a great demonstra
tion at the State Capitol and making an
address of some length at the wUJwam.
At some piae*^ in the mining regions
there was a liberal use of powder in the
cannonading as the special train arrived,
and the miners got up all sorts of dem
onstrations in honor of the Vice Presi
dential candidate. From Charleston the
special train proceeded over the Chesa
l<-ake and Ohio Railway directly across
the mountains: where the population was
not s-J <i.-ns«- as along the rich valleys
through which he passed during the daj.
Governor Roosevelt passes next into
Maryland and thence into his own State.
Governor Booserelt and party arrived
in this oily at 7:30 o'clock this evening.
Th<-v were met at the station by a crowd
of SvKL while that many more were seated
about the speaker's, stand which had been
erected in the park.
Great preparation* had boen made b>
the KepLiblJcans of this . place for the
Booeeveit meeting and a reception com
mitu-e of about 1"\) local Republicans met
the party at the train and an ovation was
given the Governor. . .
Cannon? were fired, torpedoe? exploded
and at the Chesapeake and Ohio shops
r.'-ar bv many locomotive whistles were
sounded on tlie arrival of the Vice Presi
dential train. Governor Roosevelt and
Curtis Guild made addresses.
The party left here at i*:45 o clock b>
*pec:al train for Maryland, where Gover
nor Roosevelt will speak at Baltimore and
other points in that State to-morrow.
At Charleston Governor Roosevelt said:
BERLIN. Oct. 19.— As the condition of
Dowager Empress Frederick Is tempo
rarily improved Prince and Prlnceaa
Henry of Prussia have left Homburg tor
Kiel. ¦ :;:< • ¦•••>¦ ¦/•;
Dowager Empress Improving.
"YOKOHAMA. Oct. 19.— Marquis Ito has
formed a new Cabinet. Viscount Katzou
ra Taro arid Admiral Yamagata retain
the portfolios of war and marine, respect,
ively. The other members of the Minis*
try "belong to the Preaiier'3 new party.
Ito Forms New Cabinet.
SAN JO9E, Oct. 19.— A. Desaderio. an
Italian market gardener, was held up on
Park avenue, near the narrow-gauge de
pot, at 4:30 this morning and robbed of a
sum of money and a watch. He was driv
ing leisurely along when four men stepped
ouf in front of him and commanded him
to halt. Two of the men bad pistols and
while they covered him the others went
through his pockets.
Held Up by Four Footpads.
Officials of British War Office and the
Colonial Office Both Make
Denials.
LONDON*, Oct. 19.— The officials of the
British War Office deny assenting to any
contracts beJns? plven to American firms
for railroad material to be used In South
Africa. They say that if any contracts
have Rone to the United State3 the Colo
nial Office or the South African Colonial
Government Is responsible. ¦ --.' .- • ¦ •
The colonial officials deny sanctioning
the giving of any such contracts to Amer
icans, and the representatives of Cape
Colony In London say they do not know of
an order bolirjr given. Walter Peace, the
Natal agent, while saying that Xatal's or
der? had been wholly placed in Great
Britain so far, had evidently seen an
American proposal, for he warned th«
members of the British firm that If they
seek to compete successfully against
Americans they "Mil have to realize more
fully that, time is the essence of con
tracts and they will also* have to lower
their prices. . -
NO DISCRIMINATION
IN FAVOR OF AMERICANS
cant agrees that cattle and horsie* shall
rot be corralod within live hundred yards
of any running stream or iiving spring
will not be enforced."
Roosevelt Enthusiastically
Greeted in Many
Towns.
ENDS TOUR OF
WEST VIRGINIA
BOSTON. Oct. 19.-Captaln Joseph B. N.
Adams of Lynn, past commander-in-chief
of the G. A. R., dropped dead at the State
House this afternoon. Death was due to
heart trouble. He was 59 years of age
Captain Joseph B. N. Adams.
ATLANTIC CITY. N. J., Oct. 19.-Rev.
Nelson A. Hollifield of Newark, the
retiring moderator of the New Jersey
Presbyterian pynod, dropped dead of
heart disease at Haddon Hall shortly be
fore midnight last night. Dr. HolfiHeld
v/&* about 60 years of age. He was ap
parently in good health up to the moment
of his death. He had attended the closing
session of the synod. Dr. Holllfleld de
livered an address of welcome and took
an active part in the proceedings.
Rev. Nelson A. Hollifield.
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.— A cable message
was received here to-night announcing the
death in London of Sir Roderick Came
ron, the well known New York financier,
aged 75 years. He had been In failing
health for the past three years. He sailed
from this city with his two daughters.
Misses Catherine and Isabel, on the steam
ship Campania on July 8 Tor a health tour
through the British Isles. He was a na
tive of Canada and never renounced Brit
ish citizenship. He was a Union volunteer
in the Seventy-ninth New York Regiment
in 1&61. He was knighted by Queen victoria
for services as Canadian Commissioner to
Australian expositions.
Sir Rhoderick Cameron.
"A party of Boers got into Jagersfonteln
on the night of October 18 and a fight en
sued In the morning. Our loss was seven
killed. The Boers' loss, their command
ant and twenty killed. Kelly-Kenny dis
patched a column under Hughes-Hallett
which should reach Jagersfontein to-day."
Jhe Day's JPead
LONDON. Oct. 19.— lxird Roberts reports
from Pretoria, under date of October 15,
as follows: •:
Burghers Their Commander
and Twenty Men.
British Lose Ssven Killed and the
ENCOUNTER WITH BOERS
AT JAGERSFONTEIN
GEORGETOWN, Ky., Oct. 19.—Com
monwealth's Attorney Franklin began his
speech in the Youtsey trial this' afternoon
and spoke till 7 o'clock. He scored ex-
Governor Taylor, saying if he had two
sparks of courage he would return nere
and help Youtsey out of this trouble if
any of the witnesses had lied on Youtsey;
that If Taylor had even only one spark
of manhood he would now commit- suicide
under the whip of his conscience. He said
if Arthur Goebel had told an untruth as
to what Youtsey told him then Goebel
was a worse man than the one who as
sassinated William Goebel. He . cited
many incidents as told by other witnessed
that corroborated what Youtsey told Goe
bel, and said ex-Governor Bradley's ab
.^*nce as a witness practically corrobo
rated Culton's testimony as to Youtsey,
for if Culton did not have a talk wltu
Bradley then he ought to be willing to go
a thousand miles to confound Culton and
save Youtsey from death.
There will be no verdict in the Youtsey
case to-night. Wh<m court met at 8:30
o'clock to-night the case was formally
submitted to the Jury. The Judge told them
they could use their own pleasure about
considering the case to-night or to-mor
row morning. They decided to take the
papers to their rooms to-night and re
port back at 9 o'clock to-morrow morn
ing, and they were sent to their board
ing-house with that understanding.
Youtsey's condition to-night i3 better
than yesterday. He has taken nourish
ment to-day without trouble and physi
cians eay that his temperature, pulse and
respiration are normal.
ment and His Condition Gener
ally Is Much Improved.
YOUTSEY'S FATE IN
THE HANDS OF THE JURY I
Accused Man Able to Take Nourish-
Morris was captured near the offices of
the Illinois Steel Company, in the Rook
try building. He was formerly in the em
ploy of Gates and maintains that the l«tT
ter owes him $50,000. •
After disarming iMorris the policeman
took him to the central station, where ho
was locked up. >. ; «
Morris acknowledged that he intended
to collect an alleged debt aggregating $50.-
WO from Gates and Brimson at the point
of his revolver. Morris declares that he
was authorized by Gatea and Brimson to
expend certain turns of money In the fur
therance of the Calumet and Blue Island
Railroad. In 18&S Morris brought suit
against Gates, but he says he withdrew
the suit on a premise of the settlement of
his el&im. The settlement, he says, has
not betn effected.
It is asserted that Morris also had de
signs upon the life of WJ J. Brimson. gen
eral manager of tbe Kansas City and i
Southern liaiiroad. whom Morris, It is al
leged, had enlicc-d to this city by means
of a telegrram purporting- to have been
signed by Gates, but which he himself
had sent. Manager Brimson arrived at
the Grand Paeiilc Hotel to-day in oonnec- I
tlon with the appointment maa«? in the tel
egram. Failing to find Mr. Gates he called
upon him in nis cilice in the Kookery .
building.
Alter a ha^ty consultation the two men
decided that Morris originated tne scneme,
both having received ihreatenlng letters
from him.
CHICAGO, Ot. 19.-S. I. Morris, a con
tractor, was arrested to-night for an al
leged attempt upon the life of John W.
Gates', ex-president of the American Steel
and Wire- Company. When searched at
the police station two large revolvers were
found concealed In his pockets.
in Chicago.
S. I. Morris, a Contractor, Is Arrested
and H;ld on a Serious Charge
THREATENED THE LIFE i
. ' Oi:' JOHN W. OATESJ
vice rpjrent, Georpo M. Cook. Vlncennes, j
Ir.d.; 'grand trcaMirer. Ferdinand Hay- j
wood, Columbus, Ohio; Brand recorder, i
Clarence Woods. Rkiimond. Ky, i
SHAMOK1N, Pa., Oct. 19.— A mass
meeting of miners was held at. IJnlomowH
to-day to form a local branch of the
United Mine Workers, with the view of
inducing," the men of tnat village to ctud
working thi- Carmror. colliery separators
which pripare daily forty toiis o: pea and
buckwncat cn a l for market. A majority
of the men joined the organization. The
strikers are determined on stepping the
colliery entirely. As u number oi deputies
fr r « iV « th K. m . me niKht and *« serious
SCHANro.N .Pa.. Oct. 1!).-It is practi
cally certain that the miners will not. be
back to work next Monday, u was ex
pected from the action of the Philadelphia
conference of operators Tuesday and
Wednesday and the Scranton conference
yesterday. '
Some of the biggest local companies are
talking at the agreement to continue the
ten ner cent . oKer In force until Aprii'. :
1901. as was demanded by the rtsomt.ons
of the miners' convention. They were
all willing enough yesterday to am^rd,
their notice-- 1 to conform to this demand !
nut to-day they seem to have undcr^ t;m I
a change of htart and only one operator |
of any prominence would say outright I
HAZI/ETON, Pa., Oct. 19.— As far as the
United Mine Workers' officials are con
cerned matters are at a standstill tn the
anthracite miners' contest with the op
erators. President Mitchell still refuse."
to talk. Much diapnointment was ox
perssed in this repion to-day recause nii
early ending of the strike was prevented
by reason of the powder grievaucf.
Coal Miners Will Not Return to Work by
Monday as Expeaed.
W1LJKKSBAKBE, Pa.. Oct. 13.— Tho
strike leaders here are growing auspicious
I innt there :.•< seme kind of an as;re«;inci:t
I among tho ccal companies by whiclt
I >h.'y txpect to break up the miners. <
The offer of the R*?adi:»s Company and
the opp«jsiti->n to the same upon the part
of other companies 1* something ihe liibor
; lea 4c; a cannot understand. At a confer
ence in Philadelphia on Wednesday the
I-ehiKh Valley agreed t» t.ie name terms
as the Reading, so far as their Lehisjn
collieries were concerned, but the com
pany refuses, so the .; tftnkers alicge. to
n:ake the .same concessions to thtir em
ployes in- the Wyoming' rciion.
The officers of the United Mine Work
ers here say there is no consistency m
that. i
The action of the Lneka-wanna.- Ontario
and Western, Pennsylvania Company ami
other large producers in combining with
the L?high Valley on the powder Qt*S»i
tion, lends to connrm ihe views enwt?
tained by the nfllcers of the miners' j'lion
that a concerted effort is to be mad* by
the corr.ranies to get the better >.l tho
union -ire! Incite a break in the ratife/: (>t
tlie strikers.
Th<» operators who paitic:pntPd i.i ffte
conference at Scranton on Thursday My
they are acting in prod faith.
that he would make the modification,
iney say it would be humiliating for
tnc-in to come out with an amendment to
tneli notices. As onr prominent' operator
ml it. "The modification would serve but
<>r>' purpose, and that is to jrratlfy a
vrWm <h John Mitchell. We don't propuao
to '.vast, any energy nowinp and scraping
••• Mr. MteheH."
Reason of the Fugitive President's Hurried Embarkation
Given as a Fear of Attack by Boers.
OOM PAUL KRUGER GOES
ABOARD DUTCH CRUISER
REBA6TOFOL* Oct. 19.— Authentic de
tail of a doej>-luid plot to assassinate the
Crar, prepared a month ago, and for com
plicity in which several perpons were ar
rested, were made public lo-day. There
is series of tunnels on the railway toe
i»wn Ix>sova and So:>ast^pol, through
which the rear and * zarlna would have
to past i:i jourr.'-ying to Spala, in the
Crimea.
Tlie scene chosen for the murder was
the lnt-t tunnel. I**) yards Inrtx. On the
fido tlu-r* J? a castlron pipe at
the entrance to carry off surface water.
Before their ila.iestios arrived and before
ilrtaoliniTit? of Ixooiw wore posted to
fiiu'.rd ili«- rout" .t student now spoken
ot as "JC." btlonginp to the l_"nlversity
of Moscow, was found digKlnK In the
earth close to the tunnel. A colonel of
rcndarmes suspected him and had him j
watched. AVhon the posse approached i
him "K," who Is the son of a past cap- ;
tain of the Black Sea tleot, fled. He was ;
chasetl ami caj>tured. It was then found !
ihat a section of the pipe fifty-six inches i
Ion*; had b«?on tilled with explosives. ¦
The next day this mine was exploded In I
a Held near Sevastopol, with terrific ef- ]
foots, in the presence of the police. Ex
ports nay It would have destrowed both :
the traiii and tunnel. !
Most active in the south of
Etussia and In Moscow resulted in numer- I
ous arrests. The vigilance and number i
of guards protecting the Czar are greatly !
increased and regulations governing ad- :
missions to Livadia. where their Males
ties are sojourning, are much more strin- ,
cent than ever before as a result of the
discovery of the plot.
Son of a Russian Sea Captain Caught in
Act of Planting a Mine.
DEEP LAID PLOT TO
ASSASSINATE CZAR
Dynamite Found in a Tunnel Through
Which Royal Train Was to Pass.
Much Disappointment Is Caused by the
Powder Grievance.
STRIKE SETTLEMENT
IS AT A STANDSTILL
THE SAN FRANCISCO OCTOBER 20,/ 1900
2
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take : Laxative Bromo J Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund -the money if It fails to cure.
H. W. Orove's denature is on each box. 23c *
«. CHICMCSTCR'S ENGLISH
fEHNYROYAL PILLS
iWlP$& f" ""CIIE.sTEIi's K>GLIsn
Si «*" Ua * ribbon - T » k « »• •*»•*• M*r*—
pi «t *£| l>a«C«n*s f.S.tit.Uon. >ad lalt*.
I / . QT *»"••• "»T t joor DracviM. *r end *<-. <¦
lV> ff »*»**g«tter tor t««|«*» i» «*«„., brro.
-AJ\.A' «»r».MaU. lO.Ooo Txtimooitlt. S»M!>»
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Care of Gonorrhoea, Gt«et«,
•Strictures and analogous complain t*
of ths Organs of Generation.
Price U a bottli. For sal* by drussUU.
KEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.—RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to U 50 day;
tS to SS week; $8 to $20 month. Fre« batha;,hoc
and cold water every room: Ore crates la »»«cy
room; elevator runs all nUfct.
318 Koaraj Strwt,
6an Francisco. Cal
DS. COOPERS, CO.,
MEN
LOST VIGOR
RESTORED!
fall or wrlta for hook, fr«o.
In the Sunday. Call of Oc-
tober 18, > Stuart Robson tells
some interesting stories and -
reminiscences of great; player
folk of .the old day*. 7 ¦ •
For several years i^ucalyptol. Gualacot
and Hydrastin have teen recogmlzed aa
standard remedies for, catarrhal troubles,
but they have always been given separate-
ly and only very recently «n Ingenious
chemist succeeded In combining them, to-
gether with other antiseptics. Into a pleas-
ant, effective tablet.
Druggists sell the remedy under tha
name of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets and it
has met -with remarkable success In th©
cure of nasal catarrh, bronchial and
throat catarrh and In- catarrh of tho
stomach.
Mr F. N. Benton, whose address Is cars
of Clark House, Troy, N. Y.. says: When
I run up against anything that Is good I
Ilka to tell people of It. 1 have be«>n
troubled with catarrh more or less for
some time. Last winter more than ever.
Tried several so-called. cures, but did not
get any benent from them. About six
weeks ago I bought a 50-cent box of
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets and I am glad
to say that they have done wonders for
me and I do not hesitate to . let' all my
friends know that Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets are the right thing. • -—¦¦
Mr. Geo. J. Casanova of Hotel Griffon,
West Ninth street. New York City,
writes: I have commenced using Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets and already they havo
given me better results than any catarrh
cure I have ever tried.
A leading physician of Pittsburgr advises
the use of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets la
preference to any other treatment for
catarrh of the head, throat or stomach.
He claims they are far superior to In-
halers, salves, lotions or powder, and ara
much more convenient and pleasant to
take and are so harmless that little chil-
: dren take them with benefit, as they con-
tain no opiate, cocaine or any polaonaua
drug.
All druggists sell Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets at 50 cents for full-sized package, and
they are probably the safest and most re-
liable euro for any form of catarrh.
idly Coming to the Front.
A New Catarrh Cure, Which Is Ray-
THE RIGHT THING.
ADVERTISEMENTS.REDDIXG. Oct. 19. -Chester Shanahan
of Anderson Is under arrest for mayhem.
This morning he. became engaged In a
fight with William McConnell over a
poker game- and bit hia opponent about
the thumb so badlv that that member
was almost severed from the ban<I.
Uses His Teeth in a right
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 19.-Fred Talt
man, a brakeman, whose home Is at Up
per Lake. Lake County, while walking on
top of a freight train at Colfax this morn
ing fell between two cars and was run
over. He was brought to the Railroad
Hospital In this city, but died at 7 o'clock
this morning from the effects of his ln-
Brakeman Loses Hiss Life.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 13. _ Mrs. Cora
Wickersham to-day filed a petition to be
allowed to amend her complaint In the
case recently instituted ajrainst the- es
tate of the late I. G. Wlckersham. She
states that at the time her late husband.
t rank W Ickersham. Vgned his famous
agreement with the other heirs he had
led her to believe that his mother had al
ready made her will, which subsequently
proved to be untrue. *
Mrs. Wickersham's Petition.
every shor. employing that class of labor
Is affected. The men demand $S 50 per
Pajnient Instead of $7 50. the price now
paid. Operatives on the regular weekly
wage schedule are not out.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 19.— The union
coatmakers of the city struck to-day and
COLFAX. Wash., Oct. 13.— Superior
Judge William McDonald was to-day held
in $1000 bonds to appear before the Super
ior Court on a charge of subornation of
perjury. . Judge McDonald Is accused of
having attempted to Induce one Keech,
who had been convicted of burglary, to
swear that J. F. Nessly, correspondent of
the Spokane Spokesman-Review, also waa
guilty of burglary.
Union Coatmakers Strike.
Judge Held for Trial.
- LODI, Oct. 19.— Phe district convention
of the Christian churches of Northern
San Joaquln County met in annual ses
sion last nlpht In the First Christian
Church of this place. The address of wel
come ' was delivered by H. C. Shropshire
of Lodl. This morning: there was a sun
rise prayer meeting. The sessions con
tinued throughout the day, . the pro
gramme Including sermons, papers and
musical selections.
Christian Church Convention.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 19.-Th© story
from"San Francisco that the construction
of the Los Angeles and Salt Lake Rail
road Is to be a joint enterprise of the Los
Angeles Terminal, the Oregon Short Line
and the Union Pacific is emphatically
contradicted. by J. Ross Clark, brother of
Senator Clark, and one of the principal
promoters of the Los Angeles and Salt
Lake road. Mr. Clark declares that tlje
project is an entirely independent one and
that progress bo far has been eminently
satisfactory.
an Independent Line.
X/Of Angeles-Salt Lake Railway to Be
NOT A JOINT ENTEBPBISE.
The excursionists returned late this aft
ernoon and tbe exodus from Santa Cruz
to the homes of the delegates began.
Boulder had planned to have the barbe
cue and bullshead dinner in a grove. The
rains prevented this, "out did not keep the
visitors from thoroughly enjoying them
selves. Mlddleton's Halll had been en
gaged and there were found beeves bai
becued to a turn and bullsheads cooked
"to the Queen's taste," sacks of tooth-
Bome clams from Newark and green corn
from the surrounding fields. Boulder
Creek will go down In the Forestry his
tory as one of the places where the. Cali
fornia High Court was entertained In, a
lavish manner.
A half-hour stop -was made at the Big
Trees to give the visitors an opportunity
to see the mammoAi3 of the forest.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 19.— Tho last day
of the Foresters' celebration was devot
ed entirely to pleasure. The heavens
opened and the rain came down in show
ers, but this made no difference with the
members of the High Court. Four hun
dred delegates left this city in a special
train over the narrow gauge for Boulder
Creek. Kvery member of the train crew
was a member of the order and was In
full regalia. Before starting from the
deribt Hastings' band played several se
lections.
the Delegates.
Barbecue and Bullshead Dinner for
FORESTERS AT BOULDEB CREEK.
BERLIN, Oct. 19.— The Municipal Coun
cil of Berlin to-day adopted a resolution
to -build municipal street railways after
the expiration or the present charters.'
For Municipal Railways.
PARIS, Oct. 19.— M. Delcasse, the Min
ister of Foreign Affaire, has received a
cable from the Chinese Emperor asking
France to assist In the restoration of
peace and expressing the hope that noth
ing will occur during the negotiations to
cause a rupture of the peace proceedings.
France Receives Appeal.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 19.— The twenty
fourth—semi-annual convention of-' the
Santa Clara County Christian Endeavor
Society was held in the First Presbyte
rian Church to-day. President G. H.
Wheeler presided. There was a good at
tendance. Papers relating to church and
Sunday-school work ; were read and dis
cussed. The following officers were
elected for the- ensuing: term: Marshal
Black of Palo Alto, president; Edward
Newell, San Jose, .vice president: Anna
G. Fraser. San Jose, recording secretary';
Ruth Killam, Lob Gatos, corresponding
secretary; Harry Knox, San Jose, treas
urer. .
Endeavorers Elect Officers.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 19.— An Insane sol
dier, while being transported with a num
ber of other soldiers, also Insane, to
Washington, escaped by jumping from
the Eastern overland train between Tre
mont and Sacramento to-night. He was
not missed until after the train left Davls
ville. Up to the present time nothing has
been heard of him.
a Coach Between Tremont and
Sacramento.
Makes His Escape by Leaping From
INSANE SOLDIER JUMPS
FROM OVERLAND TRAIN
SAN JOSE, Oct. 19.— George B. McKee,
the capitalist and one of the best known
men in Santa Clara County, met a seri
ous accident at noon to-day at his home,
234 South Second street, and fears for his
recovery are entertained. He was in the
loft of his barn and slipped and fell to the
floor below, a distance of about twelve
feet. Three ribs were fractured and he
sustained severe internal injuries. He was
picked up unconscious ana remained in
that condition for several hours. Owing
to his advanced years his condition is
critical.
a Barn Loft.
Aged San Jose Capitalist Falls From
Pensions Issued: California: Addi
tional — James M. Paul, Los Angeles, $10.
Original widow— Eva Schildner, You
Bet, $S.
Oregon: Increase — Charles Elcher, Soda
vine. $10; Elijah Harlan, Drain, $10.
GEORGE B. McKEE INJURED.
WASHINGTON, O^t. 19.— Postmasters
commissioned: California — Warren Green,
Preston. Oregon— Martha E. Bollman,
Elmlra; Llllle M. Miller. Izee.
Appointed: Oregon— V. Montgomery.
Caleb, Wheeler County, vice Anna Water
man, resigned.
Pensions Granted.
Postoffice Appointments and List of
INTERESTS THE COAST.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 19.— Some excitement
was occasioned among the guests' at
Hotel del Cbronado this. evening by the
discovery of what was apparently a ves
sel burning far out at sea. Some even de
clared that they could count the masts,
two In number. Nothing Is known of any
wssel that would be likely to be at the
point where the fire was seen, and It Is
possible that the blaze was on the Coro
nado Islands, which belong to Mexico and
Ho about twenty miles off the coast. >
Met Disaster Off: San
Diego.
Believe That Some Ocean Craft Has
CORONADO GTTESTS VIEW
CONFLAGRATION AT SEA
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 19.— It is rumored
here to-day that the late Colonel J. B.
Armstrong of Cloyerdale, who died on
Monday, left a provision in his will giving
the famous Armstrong: boUom lands near
iTUcrneville to the State for a park. The
lands in question, which comprise sev
eral hundred acres of tjie finest redwood
timber in California, would make an ideal
public park. A few years ago Colonel
Armstrong- had plans made looking to the
deeding of these lands to the State; but
some hitch occurred and the matter was
dropped.
?
Near Guerneville.
State May Acquire Valuable Forests
GIFT OF A REDWOOD PARK.
Kang Yi, who was stronjrly anti-foreign
and president of the Board of War, is
reported to have committed suicide. •
tiative in Withdrawing Troops.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 19.— The message
of the Chinese Emperor to the President
urging early negotiations for a settlement
and the President's reply thereto were
made public to-day as follows.
Handed to the President by Minister
Wu October 19, 1900.— The following tele
graphic imperial letter, dated October 14,
1800, forwarded by the Privy Council from
Tungkuan (in Snensi) and retransmitted
from Shanghai by Director General Sheng
under date of October 16, has been re
ceived by Minister Wu:
The Emr>eror of the Ta Tslnar Empire to His
Excellency the President of the United
States. Greeting:
We are extremely grateful to your Excel
l»=cr for takine the Initiative In the with
drawal of troops (from Peking) and for con
sentlrif. In tho Interest of friendly relatlpns, to
use your kindly offices between China and the
friendly powers who have been offended on ac
count of the recent unexpected uprising In
China. We ent>ecially. therefore, delegate our
Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipo
tentiary. Wu Tin* Fangr, to personally deliver
this telegraphic letter to your Excellency, cont
vevliur our sincere exprenslon of thanka.
We beg that your Excellency in the Interest
of Deace and International good relations will
exert your friendly influence with the other
power* toward the comDlete effacement of all
lll-fceline. and the speedy determination on
their Dart to negotiate for a peaceful settle
ment. For this we shall feel unbounded gratl
tuda toward your Excellence. I whose good of
fices we are now earnestly beseeching.
Communicated to' Minister Wu for
transmission October 18, 1900:
WASHINGTON. Oct. 18. 1900-His Majesty.
Kwanx Hsu. Emperor of China, greeting: It
has afforded me much pleasure to receive- your
Imperial Majesty's telegraphic letter of Oc
tober 14. which has been delivered by your Ma
jesty's Minister In Washington.
I cordially share your Majesty's ' wish that
there may be a peaceful settlement of all ques
tions between China, and tho powers whose In
terests and people have bo - grievously suf
fered wrong In your Majesty's dominions, and
that tbe outcome may be the complete efface
ment of lll-feellnc between them. The desire
of this Government that some settlement may
be brought about speedily has been made
known to all the powers, and I trust that no
collations may bo begun as soon as we end
the oth»r offended governments shall be ef
fectively satisfied of your Majesty's ability
and power to treat with Just sternness the
orlncloal offenders, who are doubly culpable,
not alono toward . tho foreigners, but toward
your Majesty, under whose rule the purpose
of China to dwell In concord with tho world
Thanks President for Taking the Ini-
CHINESE EMPEROR'S MESSAGE.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL, WASHINGTON. Oct.
19.— In the illumination of Rus
sia's attitude the authorities see
a promise of a satisfactory solu
tion of the Chinese problem. M. de Wol
lant Russian Charge d' Affaires here, said
to-night that there couJd be no doubt
about Russia's good intentions with re
spect to China.
"Russia made formal declarations of lier
aims to the powers." he continued, "when
on August 29 her diplomatic representa
tives, in accotdance with instructions re
ceived from St. Petersburg, repeated that
she had no territorial designs on China;
that her purpose was to act with the
ether powers in establishing the safety of
the foreign legations in Peking, and aid
the Chinese Government in .suppress'ng
disorder. Her occupation of Manchuria
was solely for defensive purposes, and as
soon as the restoration of order is accom
plished troops will be withdrawn. There
Is no necessity for continued military oc
cupation of Peking, and Russia in her
declaration of policy announced her Inten
tion to withdraw her forces, which she
has done. It is my opinion that peace can
be more promptly restored and the entire
question more expedltiously settled If Pe
king Is evacuated."
"\N 1th the United States, Russia and
Franco opposed to dismemberment it is
unlikely that any other power will at
tempt to seize territory-
An official who Is deeply Interested in
seeing the territorial entity of the empire
preserved made this statement: "There
are two nations whose policy in China
must be sharply watched. One is Ger
many, the other Is Russia. The former
will attempt to take territory by brute
force, the other will oppose such a policy.
It will also object to the entrance of Ger
many into Northern China, and it will use
its best efforts to make a peaceful solu
tion possible. And when peace has been
restored Russia will say to China: 'We
would like this bit of territory in tho
north. You have a great deal. We showed
our friendship for you when you were in
trouble. We withdrew our troops and
made every effort to restore peace. Now
why not give us this when we ask so lit
tle?'
"And China," concluded this gentleman,
"will say yes: This was the policy pur
sued subsequent to the Japanese war, and
it secured Port Arthur and Talien Wan
and grave Russia control of Manchuria."
This expression of opinion shows that
Russia's motives are still suspected by
some. Tho powers that are not in accord
with the principles which have guided the
Czar's Government in negotiations regard
ing China have not been inactive, and they
have evidently succeeded in creating the
belief in some quarters that Russia has
ulterior designs at variance with her pro
fessions.
It can be stated, however, that Russia's
course from the beginning of the trouble
ha.s been in harmony with her professions
and there 1b no reason to suspect that they
will be otherwise.
It is apparent to diplomats here that
Russia will not attempt to force Japan
into war. The relations of those two gov
ernments seem to be improving and are
likely to continue to do so, as Japan un
derstands Russia's purpose tovdeal with
the Chinese question In an open and
straightforward manner.
BERLIN, Oct. 19.— A^semi-official note
asserts that the diplomatic body at Pe
king will collectively acquaint U Hung
Chang and -Prince Cbing with th© condi
tions on .which the powers. will negotiate
for peace. ¦
A dispatch received from Shanghai says
Suicide of Kang Yi.
TIENTSIN, Oct.' 19.-M. de Giers, Rua
siari Minister to China, left Tientsin for
Peking yesterday. ¦
Leaves for Peking.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 19— The new. bat
tleship Kentucky will sail to-morrow on
her long trip to China, which will take
about two months. She has, been at the
New York navy yard for some time, mak
ing final preparations, and has now gone
to Tompkinsvllle, preparatory to the start
in the morning. I The gunboats Vicksburg
and Annapolis. which also arc to go to
China, will follow in about two weeks.
The Frolic, which has been designated to
take the place of the Dorothea for sim
ilar service. Is In good condition for a
start, but probably will be detained in
order to furnish more extensive quarters
for the large number of officers assigned
to her.
War Vessels for China.
TIENTSIN, Oct. 19.— Reliable unofficial
reports say the advance guard of the al
lied forces entered .Paotlng-Fu Wednes
day, October 17. The city, It is added, waa
practically deserted and offered no resist
ance. The British column captured seven
teen Imperial soldiers at Menanhsien,
October 10. who were part of the force or
2000 men sent to disperse the Boxers in
that region. The captives assert that
they killed 200 Boxers and were returning
to Paochow when they were fired upon
and dispersed by the French.
The British confiscated their arms and
horses and released the imperial soldiers.
Runners report that many Chinese ar«
returning to the villages in the parth of
the German-French column. —
tured by Allied Forces.
Stories Told by Chinese Troops Cap-
"The Chinese regulars are retiring.
"The local Governors appear to be try-
Ing to suppress the Boxers. Thirteen
heads of Boxers were hanging on the gate
of Chechow when we entered."
The foregoing dispatch relates to the
Paotingfu expedition.
KILLED TWO HUNDRED BOXEHS
LONDON. Oct. 19.— The Secretary of
State for India, Lord George Hamilton,
has received the following from Major
General Campbell:
"WANGCHIA-FU, Tuesday, Oct. 16.—
Arrived here • without opposition. Two
thousand Chinese cavalry retreated
southward. Lieutenant King, sent with
a communication to French general of
ilcer. left Menanhsien at 2 p. yester
day and returned here- at 5 p. m. to-day
with orders, having ridden eighty miles
on one horse.
"Gaselee is at Sunglintien, six miles
southward of Chechow.
.Major Campbell Arrives at Wang
chia-Fu Without Opposition.
PAOTTNG-FTT EXPEDITION.
This Government purposes to obtain for
Its citizens the same commercial advan
tages extended to others acd in this way
It will preserve the policy of the open
door.
No objection is made to the fourth pro
posal that the Tsung 11 Yamen be permit
ted to resume its functions and the United
States has already withdrawn Its troops
as requested by the Chinese envoys. The
latter conclude with a request that mili
tary action shall cease during the nego
tiations and this is in line with tho desire
of this Government.
Minister Conger was Instructed to insist
upon the punishment of those responsible
for the outrages. The view of the United
States on this point 13 best expressed by
quoting the President's answer to the let
ter of the Chinese Emperor thanking him
for his action in behalf of peace and urg
ing him to continue to use his good offices.
The. President closed: "The desire of this
Government that such settlement may be
brought about speedily has been made
known to all the powets and I trust that
negotiations may begin as soon as we
and other offended governments shall be
effectually satisfied of your Majesty's
ability and power to treat with just stern
ness the principal offenders, -who are
doubly culpable not alone toward foreign
ers but toward your Majesty."
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON, Oct. 19.—Presi
dent McKinley and Ills Cabinet consid
ered the Chinese proposals to-day and
formulated instructions to be cabled to
Minister Conger. Tho United States is
satisfied with China's- willingness to ex
press regret, but .wants more speclilc
guarantees that there shall not-be a re
currence of tho troubles. China's admis
sion of her liability for indemnity is sat
isfactory.
i In her third proposal China declared her
willingness to reaffirm ur modify the com
mercial treaties or make new ones. In
which the powers will be accorded addi
tional commercial advantages.
Minister Conger was instructed on this
point to insist that the trade rights
guaranteed to the United States by exist
ing treaties be respected not only by
(China but in the treaties made with other
powers.
Trade Eights in China.
This Country Must Not Lose Any
AMERICA'S REPLY SENT.
had hitherto found expression in the welcome
rrottctlon assured to -strangers.
WILLIAM McKIXLEY.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 19.— Attorney J. Marlon
Brooks of Los Angeles, one of the counsel
defending Pugilist "Jack" Ortega, is ac
cused of passing a'worthless cneck on F.
Kayser, proprietor of the Russ House.
Brooks has mado his home at the hotel
for a couple of weeks. In the complaint
Kayser alleges that yesterday "Brooks
presented a J75 check drawn on the Co
lumbian Banking Company of San Fran
cisco in payment of his board. The check
was apparently indorsed by the banking
company, stating that Brooks had suffi
cient funds to meet the payment of the
cftuk. Kayser deducted $11 for board and
gave Brooks JW in coin. The Columbian
l'ank was communicated with yesterday
and declared the check worthless, as
Brooks hod no funds on deposit there.
Kayser at once sought Justice Rosenthal's
court and swore to a complaint charging
Brooks with obtaining money under false
¦pretenses and also with Intent to defraud.
Brooks was arrested this evening by
Constable Marshall and in default of
$2000 bonds went to jail. After occupying
a cell for a short time he sent for Justice
Rosenthal and Kayser. He refunded the
money obtained, .the complaint was dis
missed and he was released. He said he
had done a great deal of business with
the Columbian Bank In the past few
months and had sent a number of drafts
there. He supposed these were to his
credit, but instead tho bank had sent
them on to the bank they were drawn
upon for collection.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Accused of Having Passed
a Worthless Check at
San Jose.
MARION BROOKS
IMPRISONED ON
SERIOUS CHARGE
Special Dispatch to the. Call.
THE XOTED HILL OF THE EIGHT TEMPLES. PEKING'S FAMOUS SUMMER RESORT, RECENTLY CAPTURED
BY AMERICANS UNDER GENERAL WILSON, WHERE OUR TROOPS IN CHINA MAY CAMP THIS WINTER.
. (From Leslie's Weekly.
SAN" JOSE. Oct. 19.— Judge Rhodes of.
the Superior Court renoered a decision to
day In favor of petitioners In the manda
rr.us proceedings of Owen D. Richardson
and Martin Murphy, who had brought
an action to compel County Clerk Pfister
to place them on the ballot for the places
of City Justice and County Auditor, re
flectively. This will upset local politics
find those of other counties generally
throughout the Sta.te. as In almost every
county the sanse question has arisen.
Vacancies occurred Jn the ofhees of
County Auditor and City Justice here a
few months ago and the Board of Super
visors filled them by appointment.
The Republican party maintained that
t'no appointees hold ofiice until the general
flection of Y.^'l, and made no nomination?
for the places. The law was somewhat
uncertain. It reading that th«? appointees
held office urTtll the next scneral election
<jr the expiration of the term. The Dom
oexmts maintained thr.t the torm expired
•with this election, and made nominations.
Owen D. Richardson was named for City
Justice ar.d Martin Murphy for County
Auditor. When the Democrat? presented
their certificate of. nominations Clerk Flit
ter refused to file it. basing his action on
an opinion given by .District Attorney
Campbell to the H«»ard of Supervisor.
that no vacancies existed in the otace*
until the election two years from now.
Tbese two oCiWt vn re j!ien eliminated
tr«>m the certiacate and Kiohardson and
Murphy »>ejon mandaraa* proceed ings.
Judge anodes nils morning -Welded that
Richardson and Murphy were .'mined to
place* on the ticket, lie ba«ed his opin
ion on the county government act of Ha*.
The cocaine election was declared to be a
K«-nerai election. lie said the Intent of
t!:- law was fhat had the vacancies oc
curred aftrr the present election the np
i><>imees would have held until iy'2. but
occurring la the litst ha!f of -«he term
They became vacant at this election and
Eholild be pc filled. ; ,
Jua&e Rhodes held that the. Supervisors
had no power to appoint an oftiocr save
only till his successor could be elected at
the" next peneral election -ana nm until
the expiration of the term. The offices of
City Justice and Auditor will therefore fce
vacant on the nr«t Monday following the
l'irst tiay of next January, the date on
vhich officers chosfn at the coming elec
tion ¦will take office.
A. F. Hoehner. who filed a petition a?
independent candidate for City Justice.
¦win also ro ur>on the ticket. Murphy.
bowfv(-r, will have ro opposition, as It is
too late for any other candidate for Au
ditor to be nominated.
In his decision Judge Rhode? says:
The county grpv^rnment act of 1S37 iStats.
I&07. pa«:e 473. tec. .V>. provides that all county
officers and city .Tusri'-** of the l'eace. except
otherwise provided for in the act, shall be
*'.«w-t*-d at the grn^ral election at which the
Governor Is elected.
The same act, in d»-nnlr.p the power? of the
Board of Supervisor*, confers upon them the
power to fill hy appointment, all vacancies that
may occur in any office filled by sp;>>jint
ment by the Board of Supenlisors, and in elec
tive county or township offices, except, etc..
"The appointee to hoid office for the unex
plred frai, or until the next peneral election."
1 Sec. :?. eub. IS.)
Each of the county government acts, of 1S^3,
r**r» 307; of 1S51. ra«» ?.ni; ot ir.2. page 356,
provides for the. filling of such vat-ancles by the
Board*" of S\!r*-rvisorF. an-1 provides that the
appointee "phall hold for the unexpire<1 term."
Tfce ect of IS','7 provMes. rf above stated, that
the ¦.pr-ointee fhall hold for the unexpired
term, or until the next fft-neral election.
The vital q'jeytlrri. ani perbap«-th-> only ques
tion of diffl'"u!ty in the case J* what construc
«'¦» shall be jrlven to tho«e words of subdi
vision IS «st section ~> of the art of 1S37*
Th». statute of IW7. havlnr added a further
c'aus* to the provision of the prior acts, pre
•cribine the period for which the appointee
eha'l hold office, it is presumed, and perhaps
conclusively presumed, that the intent Is to
provide that the period durir* which the ap
pointee may hold, may be difrv-rent from that
¦which 1* prescribed by the former county gov
ernment acts. All of the acts cover the Fame
Ff-neral field of l<-*ri*lation. I'nder these prior
ectF, that period would i.Tessarlly expire with
the term of the office in which the vacancy
occurred; but as the provision of the act of 1S37
provides for another event in respect to which,
or dependent upon which, that period may ex
pire, it necessarily follows that the period may
*xr!re at some tim» nth«r than the expiration
of the term of office of the prior incumbent.
That is to say. the j.«rlr.d during which the ap-
IMPORTED GOLF I
EXPERT HISSES }
AMERICAN FLAG ;i
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 19.— George
Smith, Instructor of the San Rafael
Golf Club, to-night hissed the
American flag in Gordon's Opera
house. The flag was exhibited dur
ing a performance given by a col
ored minstrel troupe. At the com
mencement of the show Smith
sauntered In, accompanied by sev
eral friend?. He was quiet until one
of the performers appeared upon
the stage in a. Red Cross uniform,
carrying across his shoulder the
national colors. This evidently was
too much for the Imported golfer to
stand, and he gave vent to his feel-
Ing In a loud hiss. It was not of
the ordinary goose variety, but one
long, sizzling hiss, with a cockney
covering:.
So sudden was the Insult that the
audience was dumfounded. Albert
Boyen. cashier of the Hotallng
Bank In this city, and several oth
ers rushed to where the offender
was seated and remonstrated. Just
as the full extent of the insult be
gan to dawn upon the audience
Smith left tho house with his
friends.
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. 19.—Ex-Gover
nor Sylvester Pennoyer was to-day nom
inated for member of the Legislature on
a citizens' ticket to fill the vacancy caused
by the death of A- J. Knott, member
elect.
Pennoyer for the Legislature.
AUBURN. Oct. 13.— The Republican ral
ly here to-night was greatly hampered by
the stormy weather. Nevertheless, the
opera-house was well nlied. United States
Senator George C. Perkins was the prin
cipal speaker and dealt telling blows
against Bryanltes.
Senator Perkins at Auburn.
Grace Gamble was? recalled to-day. A
number of other 'witnesses gave impor
tant testimony tending to prove the case
against Ortega. At the hour of adjourn
ment the case went over till Monday
morning, when the prosecution will put
on its last witness.
SAX JOSE. Oct. iq.— The tolls of the
law are tightly closing around "Jack"
Ortega, who is being tried for an assault
upon little Grace tiamble. Dale Holland
a mail carrier, testified to-day that he
knew Ortega and was familiar with his
horse and buggy. On the night of the
crime he v.-as riding his wheel at Tenth
and Keyes streets and saw a little girl
climbing Into a baggy. He looked up, but
gave the matter no further thought.
When he heard of the assault it came to
h!m that it was Ortega and his rig he had
seen.
in Company "With Grace
Gamble. m
Witness Swears Hs Saw the Pugilist
Permit me to suerpest that the para
graph In which these words occur asserts
that but for the decision of the Supreme
Court in the Income tax case there would
have been no deficiency. This question
having been before the court as consti
tuted at the time and the decision having
been rendered against the lncc«ne tax act
by a single vote, it was not Xo be sup
pos»<l that the court as 'at present con
stituted* would ever reverse its decision
upon this question. Thus, if a vacancy
should occur and a judge should go cm
the bench who coincides in his views sav
wlth Justice Harlan. then this action
could be had. This was the contingency
contemplated by the framers of the plat
form."
OBTEGA* IDENTIFIED BY
MAIL CARRIER HOLLAND
BOSTON*. Oct. 19.— A letter from Senator
Jones, chairman of the Democratic Xa
tional Committee, in answer to an Inquiry
by a Boston lawyer as to "the real mean
ing intended to be conveyed by the refer
ence to the Supreme Court a*i it may
hereafter be constitutecV' in the Chicago
platform, has been receix-cd. Senator
Jones says:
to the Supreme Court.
Jones Explains Democratic Allusion
CONTINGENCY CONTEMPLATED
I would prefer not to express any opinion
with reference to the decision itself. In fact.
I think it would be indelicate. If not highly
imi»roi>er. for me so to do.
I do not see how the decision of Jud«te
Rhodes can affect the ofiice of member of the
State Board of Equalization. Judse Rhodes
wa? considering county and township officer/
onl-.- and Jiis decision is based wholly upon the
provisions of the county government act. which
t^ars no relation whatever to the State Board
Oi Lquallsation nor to vacancies occurring
therein.
Considerable commotion was caused In
local Democratic circles by the announce
ment of the decision of Judge Rhwties of
San Jose ordering that the names of two
Democratic nominees for offlces now* held
by supervisorial appointvfs be placed upon
the official ballots. Jt was thought that
this decision, although affectim? only
county office*, mipht have some Gearing
on the State ticket. The Democratic
State Convention nominated Hull Mc
eiauK-nry of San Francisco for State
Equalizer and Secretary of State Currv
denied his name a place on the ballot,
holding that the position for which Mc-
Claughry was named having been filled
by Governor Gage's appointment of L. H.
Mrown. It would not become vacant until
the regular term expired two years
hence. Ixscal Democrats express the
opinion that by the same line of reaeon
ing followed by Judge Rhodes in deciding
u e Santa Clara County case McCIiu^hry
would be entitled to a place on the Sitate
ticket as a candidate for Equalizer, for
which the Republicans have made no
nomination. Speakinjc of this Attorney
General Tirey J.. Ford said last night:
STATE TICKET K"0T AFFECTED
Attorney General Ford Speaks of
Judge Rhodes' Decision.
I hold, therefore, that eft net may be civen
to each of these phrases of subdivision 19, *ec
tlon rr.. of the act of 3!>9T; and that the ap
i'olrj** to fill? a vacancy in ai appointive of
rtce, hol<:« for th* anexpired term; and that
the art>ointee to fill a vacancy In an e!ecti\-«
office holds ur.li! the next penrral election.
and no other construction eeexna possible with
out rlbninattas one of •.hc?<- clauses.
The period for which the appointee Is to hold
is not d^pendont u;ion his choice; or that of the
Board of Supervisors; that 1* to Ray, neither
of them can determine whether th*» appointee
is to hold for the unejtr<tre<l term of the for
mer incumbent, or until the tu-xt Benoral elec
tion, for the law fixes the length of the period
—the term— for which lie shall hold. If the
of lice be appointive, he holds for the unexplred
t*r:n; tut if elective, he Iio'.Js until the next
central election— which means. It may be as
sumiH*. until a successor *haH be elected and
shall qualify, and shall enter upon the dis
charge oi the dutie.T of the office.
If this be not the result of the addition of
that clause, then It must bo held that the Leg
islature ha* deliberately added a clause to a
statute that has no effect upon the statute and
is devoid of nil rmanlng.
cointee to nil a vacancy may hold does not
necessarily- «>xnlre with the expiration of the
terminated by a general election occurring be
fore th« expiration of the term of the prior In
cumbent.
Special IHspatch to The Call.
Rules That Appointments by Supervisors
Hold Only Until First Election.
Judge Rhodes Decides in Favor of Demo
cratic Nominees in Santa Clara.
ORDERS THEIR NAMES
PUT ON THE BALLOT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1900.
Attitude of America, Russia and France Renders it Unlikely
That Effort Will Be Made to Seize Territory. .
OFFICIALS SEE SOLUTION
OF THE CHINESE QUESTION
"I wouldn't take your money," said
Hunt. "You can't play poker nor shake
dice, anyhow, and I'll let you off on one
condition." ,.
Five minutes later Captain Pybrus be
fore the 200 passengers took tne solemn
oath ot Baron de St. Laurrent over a
By this time the two formed the center
of exe'tcmont for all v th<? passengers on
board the ship. Fifteen minutes later the
$3500 had Increased to something over $12.
000, and then the Baron broke down -and
wept. >
VANCOUVER. Oct. 19.— Leigh Hunt,
formerly of Seattle, is an American
millionaire who owns more gold mines
and hydraulic concessions from the Gov
ernment of Korea than all of the other
foreigners In that country put together.
He Is not yet 35 and Is reputed to bo worth
J20,W0,(W, acquired chiefly through lucky
Investments In the Orient. Five years In
Korea, most of the time living in simple
style among- the natives, have made an
eccentric out of him. He has Just arrived
from the Orient and evidently left there
with the Idea of making up for his past
lack of holidays.
On the second day out he was unwilling
ly drawn Into a poker game on the
steamer. The limit soon touched the cell
ing, and Hunt and Baron de St. Laurrent,
the Belgian Vice Consul at Shanghai, who
was on his way home on official business,
were soon the only one3 who could stand
the pressure. Baron do St. Laurrent was
the principal factor In bringing about a
settlement of the Chinese question, ac
cording to his own version of the story.
The- men gambled with huge jackpots
until early In the morning, by which time
the Belgian diplomat had parted with all
of his loose cash and I O U's aggregating
$3500. International complications were
matters of a misty past when the Baron
tremblingly listened to Hunt's next sug
gestion.
"I don't v/ant to keep your money," said
the American, cheerfully. "Let's shake
dice and you can win it all back by doub
ling every time you shake."
.»"& I! ii^ 6 he for P«<l a company, hlm
£?£?..», dln 5 a m^orfty of the stock,
-which purchased the Post Intelligencer
and he continued In the ownership for
several years. Hunt was In personal con
trol of tha newspaper and became an irn-
P"f ta , nt 'actor In politics. From 1S8S to
15>.«J he was one of the most conspicuous
leaders of the Republican party, the State
policies of which were practically dictated
by him. With the coming of "hard
times ' in 1834, many of Hunt's minim?
and realty -Investments turned up nee
losses. The newspaper also ran behind
and in a short time the bulk of his for
tune was swept away. The newspaper
stock, hypothecated to an Eastern bank
was foreclosed upon and Hunt found him
self practically penniless.
Going East, he became associated with
the late Calvin S. Brice. J. Sloat Fassetf
J. S. Clarksorf and others well known la
politics and finance and formed the com
pany of which he la now the head for the
developments of mines and railroading in
Korea.
SEATTLE. Oct. W.-Lelgh S. J. Hunt,
who returned on ' the Empress of Japan
after a live years' stay In Korea. Is a
former residence cf Seattle, having come
to this city fifteen years ago from Iowa,
where he resigned the presidency of one
of the moat prominent educational Insti
tutions of that State. In Seattle. Hunt
entered Into.realty and mining operations.
His personal investments were very
h f &v X- and through him a large amount
cf Eastern and foreign capital was
«£ i s J e -£?- J he Klrkland Iron Work*
thrc^hl^e'ffortf 011 were ««•*»*««
Lost a Fortune During the "Hard
$ik Times" of 1894.
Bible that h« would never play cards
snln.
This was the most wildly eccentric act
of the American on his sensational trip.
HUNT'S CAREER IN SEATTLE.
Special Dispatch to The Call.. ?
Then Compels His Antagonist to Take an
Oath Never to Gamble Again.
Eccentric Millionaire Leigh Hunt Reimburses
a Belgian Vice-Consul.
GIVES BAGK FORTUNE
WON AT POKER TABLE
3
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 19.— Edward Gray of
Colfax was killed at that plac« this aXteraoon
while walking on the railroad track.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Somewhere, you may depend upon it.
this work will show forth in the form of
disease. It may become so fixed and
chronic that it cannot be thrown off. It
is hard to induce a man or a woman to
prive up coffee when thev have become
addicted to its. use. but if such people
can be Riven Postum Food Coffee thev
will quickly chanpe for the better, for
the food drink, when properlv made, has
even a more beautiful color than the or-
dinary coffee, and has the delicious
toothsome flavor of old irovernment
Java of the milder and hieher priced
grades.
The work of reorganization betrins a:
once, for the tearing down element of
coffee has been eliminated, and in its
place the strong rebuilding effects of the
elements contained in the food coffee
fro directly to work to rebuild the
broken-down delicate irray matter in the
nerve c&nters and brain. This is iust
plain, old-fashioned common sense that
any thoughtful person can make use of:
!n fact, hundreds of thousands of brain-
workers in America have already discov-
ered the fact and are usine Postum
Food Coffee, to their very sreat benefit
and relief.
The disordered condition passes
thence from the brain to all parts of the
body, and in some it will show in trep-
idation (well-known nervous condi-
tion); in others this is hidden, but the
vrork goes on from day to day. until
some day the accumulation of forces
climaxes in some orjranic disease. It
may be the kidneys become affected
and Bright's disease sets up: it may be
weak eyes, may be catarrh, stomach
trouble, palpitation and heart failure
("which is becoming: more and more no-
ticeable among Americans).
Many a person will exclaim. ".\'on-
sense! It is easy for' any thoughtless
person to jump at a conclusion that a
philosopher would study carefullv over
before reaching. Think of the members
of your own family: how many of them
are perfectly and completely well in
every respect? How many of your
friends arc perfectly healthy? Inquire
of them and you will be surprised to
learn that the average of one in evcrv
three, who are sick, in the main, stands
true. t. Health depends, primarily, udoii
a perfectly poised nervous orRanization.
and the greatest known enemy to the
nervous system is coffee. Its * active
principal is caffeine, which is a pro-
nounced nerve destroyer. The action is.
first, to attack the stomach, then the
pneumogastric nerve, which lies behind
the stomach and which is directly con-
nected with the brain.
Of the 75.000.000 people in America it
is estimated that 25.000,000. or one in
every three, are partially disabled from
£ broken-down nervous system.
America 15 the greatest consumer of cof-
fee in the world. Can you draw the
correct inference from these two facts?
One in ETery Three Affected.
POSTUM CEREAL.
THE AMERICAN HABIT.
Have 70a heard the story
of Oarmack's Indian wife—
tho woman who first showed
the ' gold of the Klondike to
a white xnanP Bead of her in
next Sunday's Call.
The lost child, who presently finds his
way home in the policeman's protecting
arms, Is hugged to his mother's heart
with a new joy. But the mother's heart
is empty as her arms when her children
are lost for life. How many a woman
goes through such an experience, ap-
JBBfc pealing in vain for help
§KSL V* local doctors, who con-
E?fcJ§i f«s that they are "puz-
T353II zled w to understand the
\MftI cause of the trouble.
in similar cases
H PsSsrfl&t*" * te Prescription has
Mf&fflp&yCKS^xa ? uca success that
men ds it to every
Tciiff jV^^M^Or woman w^°se chil-
jjvQp^^5^« ity. w Favorite Prescrip-
nrH^^i tion " gives the mother
(JiprVjSpsi&l strength to give her
child. It strengthens
¦pjgjSiPaBjKl the female organism,
|ra&&8|f£p«31 £V" n g great elasticity
*^s3|53igffisy to the organs of mater-
fSjgj^ftSj/ nity, and makicg the
W{M fe^3 baby's adventpractically
w* *f W w painless. It is the true
~ " • woman's medicine, es-
tablishing regularity, drying weakening
drains, and healing inflammation.
" I can cheerfully recommend Doctor Plerce's
Favorite Prescription as the best medicine for
•women," writes Mrs. Mary Murdock, of wo
Taylor St., Topcka. Kansas. I am the mother
of ten children and only one living— the tenth
one. She is one year old and Is as wen and
hearty as can be. She is a beanty. Of my other
table*, some were born at right time, but dead,
others were premature births ; one lived to be
one year old, out she was always feeble. I tried
different doctors, but none of them could tell
what my trouble was. They said I was well and
strong. I was examined by snrgeons. but they
found nothing- wrong, and tiey were -puzzled to
know what my trouble was. I did not know
what to do, ao I thought this last time I would
try Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. I took it
the entire nine months and now I have a fine
baby girl, and I cannot praise your medicine
enough for the good it did me."
Dr. Piercers Common 'Sense Medical
Adviser, paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R.-V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
$visi? DR. JORDAN'S great j
Jhuseus of anatomy*
9 £& US2KA2XXTSr.t(i.6aA7!XS.r.Cal.i
T . Qr The Lxrznt Anatomical Museum in tbe \
§ ''JML— V.'ortd WekiuczM* or aiy contracted 4
W teSfl disease c»rod hy the olden V
® Igy 1 bpccnlidCca tin. Gout Escjiyein. ?
6 fl«Xf « CR. JORDA.M-PflrVATE DISEASES *
\ I ff« g tcnroltirton frm tnd strictly pciTHs? \
0 I fiWj Tmrment persoul.'y or by letter. Ai
\S V ' t! ¦ f—Jt** CW«!ae»eTTcau« undertake*. \
laj IlK, Writ* for Book. PlfLOSOPaTtf A
V 1 n 111 aiAziaiAfiK. mailks wiua. tAT
Jk O IL ' nltiabic book for mm J \
f DB. JOBDAS4 CO.. 1031 Market St. a F. f
afrffifc^" urn Cfc "L™ «(F * y
ra i®W Specialists
v*tt I XfJLl Disease and weak-
TW»irl >Ti2SjL ness ot men - Ea-
tablished 1SS1. Con-
rvSSHKJ'WlSI «ultatlon tr«9.
jKr&NP&& 7:i~L Market st.
ySY\J\ (elevator entrance),
San Francisco.Games Played Saturday
and Sunday Change,
Team Standing-
HARRIS SEES
THE "CHAMPS"
IN THE SKIES
D. Connelly and W. Williams vs. J.
Lawless and M. Basch; J. R.. Bockman
and D. J. Sheehan vs. L. Waterman and
E. McDonough; A. McVlcker and T.
Foley vs. J. Condon and T. Leach; G. Mc-
Donald and P. McKInnon vs. M. McNeil
and L. Escolle; J. Killian and E. White
vs. R. Regli and W. Kidd; J. McNamara
and W. Cummings vs. T. Finn and J.
Manning; D. Regan and J. Klrby vs. E
Barry and C. Murray; J. Harlow and W."
Maguire vs. J. Riordon and E. Curley: A
Hampton and M. J. Kllgallon vs. J. Col-
w 8 £?! J - Wh U e : G - B - Haywards and
W. Fisher vs. P. Ryan and W. H. Sle
berst.
The following handball games will be
played at the San Francisco handball
court to-morrow:
Handball Entries.
Hungarians Will Dance.
The First Hungarian Mutual and Aid
Society of this city will give Its twentieth
annual ball In Union Square Hall on the
night of Sunday. November 4. . '
The California Associated Cyclists hav*
revived the famous ten-mile handicap
road race over the Fruit vale-Hay wards
course, and the event ¦will be run on Sun
day. October 23. at 10 a. m. Thomas G.
Splllane. chairman of the racing commit
tee, has secured a tplendid prize list and
already a large number of entries are In
The entries close on October 22 at th»
Olympic Club, and should be addressed to
Mr. Spillane. * w
The ten-mile course over which this race
is to be run i will be remeasured. commenc
ing about half a mil© nearer Oakland
thus making the finish near the- bridg^
this Bide of Haywards. where the road la
wider and better suited to a flnlaa In tha
town of Haywards. ""
William Mackle and F. O Montealerra
prominent members of the Olynvpio
Wheelmen, leave for the East this morn
ing on a bus ness trip. Mr. Mackle was
presented with an elegant gold-mounted
cigar case by the racing men of the clut>
last evening. Ha has been very active <
In their Interests, and his efforts hava
been much appreciated.
Edwin E. Stoddard. the well-known rac
ing man. Is expected horn* from his East
•rn trip to-morrow. «•«•*-
WILL REVIVE TEN
MILE HflNDlCflP RflCE
SWIMMING RflCES
fIT SUTRO BflTHS
Following are the entries for the Sun
day racing at Sutro baths:
Fifty-yard dash, juveniles— H. Cross, R.
McKIllop 4 , R. Buckley. S. Finnlgah, J.
Mackel, P. Revert, G. Buzzonl. F.
Hughes, J. Sanders. D. Kerwln, J. Hayes,
J. Stockton. A. Martinez. J. Rogers, J.
Douglass, M. Roach, P. Lockwood. F.
Paine. D. Shipley. C. Duke, S. Grueman,
J. Shelton. F. Wolfe, G. Irvine, E. Wells,
F. Matner. C. Donovan," J. Paton. E.
Kipp, F. Banker.
Under water swimming contest, diving
for plates and high' diving for boys, open
to all. ' ;;/:.'
One-hundred-yard race, amateurs— J.
Bradley, F. Ralston, R, Riding. C.
Harnes. C. Augustus, C. Levin. E. Sun
berg, R. Herman,- R. Keelar, J. Erasmy,
P. Levin. A. Clayton, C. Kurran, M.
Carmody, E. Raynoldt, T. Thompson, W.
Cook. L. Hanlon.
Trick and fancy springboard diving — H.
Lelcken, J. A. Jackson. F.' Brown. J.
Heckett. C. Butterwprth, E. Bell. H.
Ryan. H. Seebach, W. Cook, J. Gardiner,
L. Scott." G. Kelber. A. Reese. T. Carter,
L. Haywards. H. Dodson. R." Cordell.-
The Pioneer Rowlnz Club will hold a
regular meeting on the first Sunday In
November at which candidates will be
nominated and officers elected to serve
the club during the year 190L An Impor
tant matter to be discussed will be the
possible consolidation of the three rowing
cluba at Long: wharf, at least so far ns
securing a new site for their boathouses
Is concerned.
The location suggested Is near the Union
Iron Works, as that concern must keep
a large area of water open for the pur
pose of launching warships.
The Dolphins last Sunday launched from
their boathouse, in the presence of many
members and friends, a new pleasura
barge, named America. Though boat rac
ing Is over numerous rowing parties are
to be seen on the-, bay on Sundays and
visits are paid to the United States Ufo
paving station, to Harbor View, and the
ark Idle Hour, drawn up on North Beach
The Dolphins are discussing the cost
of procuring an outrlgged skiff from an
Eastern builder and having It shipped out
to San Francisco.
The committee in charge of the annual
entertainment of the Alameda Boating
Club at Its last meeting found that It haa
the offer of, more talent than it can em
ploy. The entertainment will be made up
of the best material and will take place
November 9.
ROWERS T0KE QUIET
OUTINGS ON THE BAY
NEWS GLE0MINGS
FROM THE KENNELS
Philip C. Meyer, the well known St.
Bernard fancier, had a mimic warfare in
his kennels on Monday last, that but for
timely Interference would have resulted
in fatal consequences to at least one of
his cracks. At about 2 a. m. his trainer
heard a noise In the kennels, and hurried
ly descending found that the new arrival,
Le King, had broken down the fence be
tween his house and that of Grand Mas
ter II and had fastened his teeth in the
latter's throat. The other dogs were ex
cited by the sounds of battle and were
eagerly striving to break down their own
fences and were in a fair way to succeed.
The task of separating Le King and
Grand Master II was np easy one, and
when it was accomplished It was found
that the latter 'was severely bitten.
Frompt medical attendance was secured
and CJrand Master is in a fair way to
recover. Le King Is now monarch of all
Frukv^le*' " Meve r's kennels at
The bench show committee of the San
Francisco and San Mateo Agricultural
Association meets to-night In Parlor A
1 alace Hotel, for the purpose of winding
up the affairs of the bench show* The
money prizes are in process of payment
a 2 d £?,V? « x P ec l ed that every prize win
next been paid by Wednesday
It i's officially announced that E. Davles
of Dewdney. B. C. will' judge nearly all
classes at the forthcoming Oakland snow
This show promises to be the largest
ever held In^that city. The list of
trophies offered Is a long one and com
prises many of great value and artistic
merit. -
The directors of the Pacific Coast Field
Tr als Club have decided to hold the next
field -.trials at Coronado on the 14th of
January 1901. Thomas Johnson of Win
nipeg, who judged the last field trials, has
been invited to act in the same capacity
this time. - - ...:._.~
, Last Saturday and Sunday were the
closing days of the San Francisco Yacht
Club and to-day the other two local yacht
clubs — the Corinthians and California^ —
will formally bring the season to an end.
The Corinthians have had so successful
and pleasant a season that it has not
been thought necessary to prepare any
elaborate entertainment for closing day.
The yachts will dress *-hip this afternoon
and on the arrival of tne 6:30 p. m. ferry
boat from the city a Corinthian supper
will be served on the porch. After sup
per an informal enetrtainment will be
given in the clubroom under tho manage
ment of J. V. O'Brien i-jid the Jinks com
mittee. To-morrow the fleet will cruise
along the city front. Next Saturday will
be. spent by the owners In stripping their
boats and on Sunday, tne 28th. the bridge
will be raised and th6 majority of the
yachts will seek the protected waters of
the lagoon.
To-day will also see the closing of the
California Yacht Club. The yachts will
spread all their available bunting this af
ternoon and this evening a smoker will
be given In the clubhouse, at which there
will be a brass band and some profession
al entertainers.
To-morrow the last cruise of the season
will be taken under signal from the flag
ship Embla, though some of the yachts
will remain in commission until the duck
shooting is over. ¦ \ v
.Last Saturday George D. Campbell's
cutter Folly cruised to vallejo and thence
up to Cordelia drawbridge, where she will
He in water almost fresh during the duck
6eapon. v: ¦ v .". ;
Charles L. Fair has the gasoline
launches Lucero and Athlete and an ark
moored In the Cordelia Slough, where he
and his friends are getting good spoit.
Dr. A. W. McKenzie's sloop Sappho, with
a Jolly party on board, was also in tho
rlough last Saturday and Sunday, but has
returned to her moorings at Sausalito.
CORINTHIANS WIND
UP SAILING SEASON
Dr. T. L. Hill, having been absent on a
trip to Europe during most of the yacht-
Ing season, will keep the sloop Cygnus in
commission until the snlddlo of November
and will then lay her up for the winter
in Corte . Madera Creek near the boat
house.
Dr. H. A. Spencer of the South Bay
Yacht Club has been cruising for two
weeks In San Pablo and Suisun bavs and
up the Sacramento River In the schooner
Muriel, which Is one of the roomiest and
most comfortable boats In the South- Bay
fleet. The South Bay Yacht Club has
gained several new members during the
year and has had several very success
ful cruises. The club cruised to Dumbar
ton Point last Sunday. The season will
close November 4, but the launches will
remain- in commisslone until tho end of
the duck season.
Weeping and bewailing their lot, the
"pretzel" team has done nothing all week
but give excuses for the two defeats ad
ministered by the Millers from the place
where the marsh grass grows. On the.
full tide of victory Hank was suddenly
beached, and now what gives him sore
trouble Is how to float the ship again Into
the championship waters.
While the local tossers were covering
themselves with mud coating on the local
diamond the "champs" In Sacramento
were burying the Dudes and elevating
themselves In the standing column. The
two victories for Stockton and the two
defeats for Oakland have given the Mill
ers a good hold on third place. Down in
the basement are the Dudes, and they will
have to play fast, steady ball until th»
reason closes if they do not wish to re
main there. The season last but six weeks
and then the baseball battles of 1900 win
be nothing but history.
On the local field to-day Sacramento and
Oakland will give the performance. San
Francisco meets Stockton at the home of
the latter.
The line-up at Recreation grounds will
be:
Oakland. Position. Sacramento.
Lohman Catcher Stanley
Moeklrr.an Pitcher Doyl^
Hutchtn*on First base Kanlon
Arrellanes Second base Stultz
Kelly Third base Devereaux
Francks Short stop Eagan
Bowman Left field McLau*hlin
l>renr.3jn... ....Center fl>td...... Sheehaa
Held Right field Hughes
The first game of the final ferles of the
League of the Cross Cadets' Baseball
League will be played next Sunday after
noon at Sixteenth and Folsom streets. Tha
teams from Company D of Sacred Heart
parish and Company I of St. Peter's
parish will try conclusions. Considerable
Interest is shown In the outcome of the
tournament by the different companies.
Each 1» working hard to secure the pen
nant offered to the team winning the most
games and some hot contests may be
looked for. The line-up will.be as follows:
Company D. Position. Company I.
Fulllvan £? tC v Cr Amlot
McQualde. J.P £ ltch « r Crawford
Shephan First base py, wer
McQualde. C 5SfT1 d >as * OrandvUla
Fames 3? !rd *>*"• Water*
Mohun 5?,°? "i° p McCarthy
McDermott Right field Toomey
O'Connor Left field Doyle
Kelly Center field Smith
coaches expect big things. As yet nothing can be told about
their ability beyond that they have the necessary weight and
strength. Hector is a student in the law school and has a
football record, having played with the Olympics, against
Dutte in 1S96.
Tullbnck is by no means an easily settled question. Braley
fails to throw enouch dash into his play. He is capable of
doing good work, but Is too often erratic and heedless. At
present, however, he seems to have a slight lead over Fautz,
his rival and the man who played that position in the last
tame.
After a fortnight's Illness, Cornish Is occupying his old
place as center. Castlehun giving way to him and returning to
his contest with Albertson for left tackle.
More, with greatly improved work, seems now to have a
firm hold on the position of quarterback. Zan and Mcl^ain
may beat him out. but the chances are slim.
Duden, after playing a remarkably brilliant game during
the week, is considered to be slated for left half. Mini and
Sherman are playrng nearest to him, but lack his superior
weight and strength.
The rest of the varsity line-up is familiar: Clay, left
guard; Prlngle, right tack!e; Woinble, right end: Smith, right
half.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 19.— The past week has
seen a cessation from th? heavier work of the gridiron by both
the varsity and freshman squads. Coach Yost, however, has
k<pt the teams busy at signal practice in the endeavor to de
velop team work, and with reasonable success so far as the
big team is concerned. The men continue to display excellent
spirit and are learning the technique of the game. . Another
week's training with some heavy practice games will tell how
well Yost has Instilled the idea of team play Into the eleven.
The progress cf the freshman team Is far from satisfac
tory. With only a week more to train for their match with
the California freshmen they are without a captain and show
little signs of cohesion. The spirit of the men is good and the
material up to the average of the ordinary baby team, except
in weight. But with the exception of Stanford at half. Lunt at
tackle- and Bansbach at quarter there Is no one playing up to
form. Slnca the cardinal freshmen will average many pounds
lighter to the man than their adversaries they can only hope
to win by fa*t. tierce playing.
To-morrow the varsity meets the San Jose Normal team
on tjie campus. Though the cardinal scored thirty-five points
against them two weeks ago, the visiting team win likely hold
Stanford down to an cvener score, as it has made good use of
the Intervening time.
Next x Friday the big team will have the novel opportunity
of meeting an alumni team. Coach Yost, who has been plan
ning such an event for some time, has completed all arrange
ments. Among the all-star aggregation will be ex-Varsity
Captains Downing '95. Flckert '9S and Murphy '00, besides such
well known players as Code '96. Harrelson '95. Reynolds '96.
lowers 'M. Barnhlsel '94. Burnett '95, McLaine "97. Plalte ex '99
and Parker '00. The game, which -will be played on the college
campus, is attracting much attention and will doubtless be a
hard-fought match.
THE Reliance eleven will meet the University of Califor
nia team this afternoon on the Berkeley football field.
Up to date the clubmen have played three games with
the university teams, two of which have been ties
zero games— and the third a victory for Stanford by a
single touchdown.
This Reliance team is much to be commended both for the
kind of football it has played and the comparative success it
has met with en the field. Composed of young men who have
but «n hour to give to football practice each day, the team Is
surprisingly strong and freshly energetic. A victory by the
Reliance team over* either college would be something greatly
to their credit.
Although the season has not yet shed Its first skin, the out
look is perhaps brighter for Stanford than for California.
With the influx of old and tried Eastefn blood Stanford has
rejuvenated itself on the football field. But conditions are tak
ing- on a rosier hue at California and the discrepancy in ability
between that team and Stanford la converging like the tracks
of a railroad on a long, level 6tretch.
BERKELEY, Oct. 19.— The second game which the Uni
versity of California is to play with Reliance promises to be
no such contest as the first. Practice has become harder and
fiercer as the competition for places narrows down and the
coaches are whipping the practicing elevens ,lnto more certain
team play. Perhars. too. no greater factor has contributed to
this renewed energy than conparison with Stanford's scores.
Coach Kellv follows Cochran's method in developing his
team. The early part of the season nas been devoted to sifting
the quantity of material and sizing up the varsity possibili
ties. This preliminary stage is nearly over. At present the
unprecedented number of Injured men laid off from practice
has hindered the decision of the coach and captain. But the
time is almost past when a new man may show his ability.
From now on the policy will be to train together such material
as has been developed, to take what hnve been Judged to be
the best men and weld them into a perfect working team. Who
these best men are is now a comparatively easy matter to see.
That this has been partially done may lie seen from the fact
that practically only four changes have been made In the line
up of the team that played two weeks ago. These changes,
however, are significant. Left end. which was held by liraley,
has been given to Starr, the recently elected freshman captain.
Owing to an unfortunate Injury to the muscles of his knee
last night he will be kept out of the game Saturday and 'may
possibly be prevented from playing In the freshman intercol
legiate match. Dibblee or Hudson Is to play In his place.
Right guard, which has been a battle ground for several
husky, evenly matched candidates, will be filled to-morrow by
Stow, the crack freshman tackle, who Is rapidly proving him
self to be a first class man. Luce, who has been playing in
this position, is on the hospital list. Dunbar and O'Toole have
been playing very good ball for men new at the position. They
are both likely candidates. From Overall and Hector, the two
giant freshmen guards, now both cut on the field playing, the
About the first subject broached by a
r.ew arrival from Kaptern turf circles is
the phenomenal success achieved by Sam
Hildretri and his big string of stake
horses and hl?h rlapp Felling platers. Far
fr^m being a resident of "Easy" street
oflily in the scasnn, he is r.ow reputed to
have accurmiiau-d $2f»).000 and has horses
capable of scoring brackets in any coun
try. He Wired the California Jockey Ciub
yesterday trom New York 'to reserve
twenty stalls. His stable will be shipped
on October 26.
It is understood that the San Francisco
Jockey club track will be policed toy
Pir.kerton men.
Myrcn E. McHer.ry. the Freeport (111.)
leiriFman. will not handle the Keating
ttring at Los= Angeles. rhat horseman
has left for home, and the veteran Orrin
Hickok will hold the ribbons over Ana
conGa. Coney and others of the string
that rr.ay he started there.
Stamina, a winner in Kngland r»h Thurs
day, with Rigby in the saddle, was a fre
quent ftarter at both Ingleslde and Oak
land tracks two reasons ago. The gelding
then rcn in ;he name of Duke & Wishard,
and when th< price was mellow was al
ways prominent on dress parade. Enoch
\V:shard was about a« lavish with his
Information as a miser is with his gold,
but the Edsurn poolrooms always knew '
when S*amir.a had been returned a win- '•
uer.
The opinions gratuitously furnished by!
Patpy Freeman and Cash Sloan of the '
French turf and its workings furnish !
bright, snappy reading. Kach has had a !
world of experience and many siuning i
medals; all that is Ranting is a badge
from the Order of tne Legion of Honor
to complete the wt. It is pleasant to
record that both are a unit in approving I
of the pport as conducted in France, and i
anything the offlcials over there are In I
doubt about will no doubt be cheerfully
furnished by either rider mentioned.
Although Jo5t to the public gaze for
some time, it would not be surprising to
hear of Arthur Helnrichs winning the
card one of these days down somewhere
in Patagonia. Arthur was a philanthropic
young man. with a keenly developed idea
of converting the heathen, and from all
accounts the country mentioned would
offer a great field for his work. His was
not the nature to be outdone by the i
Reiffs. Sloans. Rigbys and Mahers
, \ r^S°r it i r *' p .?r t fcays the New Orleans
turf official? will use every endeavor dur
ing the approaching season to suppress
the pernicious practice of, using "dope
on horbes. This same matter might be !
taken up to advantage by the local racing I
associations, for the stimulating of horse?
by artificial means is becoming altogether '
too common; in fact, so much so that it
ceases to cause further comment
The following: table «hcw» that the
world'P stallion record has been reduced
ZSU seconds in the past forty-two vears '
pnd only 14 seconds in the past eight
yarn: " l
3S5K— Ethan Allen ' »., v
1*C»— G+ot*- M. P«tch«n 5 .;,,,
ITO-Oeorrt wiUcpi »S»
1*72- Jay Gould ,.,:.,
UH-Smurslfr .: 2 : "ov
3*74— Miunbrlno Gift 5
:f7s-f5mu«ri«>r ;::-,.
!*>&*— Phalla* * t-i*2
1H4-Maxi* Cob 5. V
lfltt-AxtHI "¦'¦ •.,,*
JS»O— Nelson f.il..
3H>1— AlN-rton s-ojji
:si>J-PaIo Alto ¦¦.'". j-ns**
J*K- Kremlin £££ g^g
3K'2— Directum . 2-05'*
J$00-Cresceu» "" 2 : 04 *
F. E. MULHOLLANh.
Has Accumulated a Fine
Stable and Fortune.
Turf Gossip.
SAM H1LDRETH,
THE REIGNING
TURr WONDER
The green committee of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club has prepared a schedule
of events to be played by the men during
the coming winter on Saturdays and nub
lic*»holldays. The ladies' tournaments will
be arranged among themselves and will
generally take place during the week.
On the first Saturday cf each month there
wilt be a handicap tournament for men.
the entrance fee for which will be two
golf balls, th* winner to take the whole.
This afteriroon at 2 o'clock there will
be a driving competition on the Presidio
links, each contestant driving five balls.
Next Saturday, at 10:30 in the morning,
there will be a putting contest four balls
from diametrically opposite points on the
circumference of each putting green. At
1:30 in the afternoon the qualifying round
over eighteen holes, medal play, for th»
competition for the Council's cup, for
men, wnl take place. The first competi
tion for the Council's cup will be played
on November 10, and the second on. No
vember 17.
The third semi-annual competition for
the Council's cup of t.he Oakland uott
Club took place last Saturday among the
eight players who qualified and resulted
In the victory of W. P. Johnson, whose
name and score will be engraved on the
handsome trophy. To-day on the Adams
Point links there will be men's foursomes,
with handicap, over eighteen holes, match
play, for prizes.
The Sausalito Golf Club has learned
with pleasure from the military authori
ties that only a barracks and some quar
ters for officers will be built at Fort Ba
ker Instead of the more extensive build
ings at first suggested. It will, however,
be necessary for the green committee, af
ter careful consideration of the plans of
the United States engineer, to lay out
afresh the first two and the last holes of
the course, as these will be Interfered
with by the soldiers' quarters. The Sau
salito golfers will be granted the unusual
privilege of erecting a clubhouse on the
united States military reservation and a
body of military prisoners from Alcatraz
Island will be set to work at the building
of a wide and easy road through the res
ervation to the golf links. Tho rain will
soften the ground and render it possible
to bf sin soon.
The San Rafael Golf Club will hold two
handicap medal play "best ball" compe
titions to-day— one for ladles at 10 a. m.,
the other, for men at 2 p. m. In a com
petition of this kind each player may
make as many rounds as he wishes !f
accompanied by a scorer, and his lowest
score for each hole is used in making up
his "best ball" score. From this the han
dicap, if any. Is deducted.
Ladies and Men Will
Piay Best Ball Handi
caps at San Rafael.
GOLFERS WILL
SOON BE BUSY
ON CITY LINKS
The duck shooters have been genuflect
ing for rain during the past two weeks.
Now they have It and In consequence
are very happy. If the weather regulator
will give them a cold snap and some
dark days their self-content and peace of
m!r.d will be very much like the beatific
regions, where all is as it should be.
This season has up to date been more
or less eccentric. Naturally It has had
its effect upon the shooters, who always
reflect the seasonal conditions. The first
shoot was a record-breaker, and the nlm
rods, while satisfying their pent-up lust
for a big string, drove all the birds off
the marshes. They went at It the follow
ing week, returning to town with curses
for hot weather and no ducks. The first
day's shoot found them stammering with
unpolluted Joy at their success, arid all
that could be heard were figures pretty
close to the 100 mark. At present they
are fearful of boasting, and in many cases
a man who has had a good shoot goes
through a process of reduction before he
will announce the number of killed. May
be he fears the Legislature and restric
tive, limiting laws.
In certain localities on the Suisun
marshes the shooting ¦was very good last
week. The Field and Tule Club seems to
have found choice land for the sport of
its members. Last Sunday Harry B. Hop
mer was high man with fifty-four birds,
of which sever;. 1 were canvasbaoks and a
number of them mallards. Mallards are
quite plentiful In the Suisun marshes, and
the "canp" are beglnnmg to come in. On
Wednesday Al Oummings brought back
seventy-nine ducks after a day's shoot
ing, and more than half of them were
mallards.
At the Willow Lodge the shooting; was
good during the week, hut further down
the bay the sport was not up to the
standard. Word from the Point Reyes
club befpeaks good shooting, and several
of the members will try their luck this
week.
The quail season opened In Marln Coun
ty last Monday, and those who ¦were out
to enjoy the sport returned with fair-sized
bagp. Harry Golcher was one of the first
of local sportsman on the field. He came
home with enough birds for several din
ners. On the Country Club preserves
were all the old-timers, and they reached
the limit of twenty-five birds long before
the passion for shooting was exhausted.
Last Monday the rail season opened* In
San Mateo County. One reads a great
d*al about the uproar of the game depu
ties and wardens in tho counties concern
ing unseasonal shooting. On Sunday the
marshes In San Mateo County were fairly
well crowded with shooters who, unmo
lested, made rail their especial game tar
get.
Tom Casey, wharfinger by occupation,
hut sportsman when off duty. Is now solv
ing a firearm problem. He recently sold
his famous 16-bore gun because It shot
too close. He is using In Its place a 10
bore. which he has termed the "Scatter
er." He was out on the marshes last Sun
day and the "Scatterer" spouted all day,
proving a friend to many of Casey*'s
friends.
SHOOTERS ARE
GETTING QUAIL
AND MALLARDS
Season Is Well Under
Way— Shooting Iron*
Are Spitting' Fire.
Stanford Takes a Rest, Foregoing Heavy Practice — California
Works for Team Development and Shows Im
provement in Its Play-
RELIANCE AND CALIFORNIA IN
FOOTBALL ARMOR AT BERKELEY
OUT of all comparison with any
former big coursing event in
America will he the John Grace
challenge etsp to be run at Union
Coursing Park to-day and to-
morrow under the auspices of the Inter-
state Coursing Club. In prizes $f,GiO will
be distributed among the fastest dogs that
were ever let slip on American soil. From
England. Ireland. Australia, the Kast and
West the best stock will have its blood
represented on the Inclosed field of Union
p^rk.
Coursing men who have been devoted
followers of the sport on this coast during
the last live years and who have watched
with critical eye the performances of the
dogs entered in this colossal dog stake
say that out of the sixty-four hounds In
the running fifty of them have a chance
at the big stake prize and the handsome
cup that goes with it. This in itself in-
sures close courses; the fine quality of the
dogs is a warrant of the highest class
performances.
Perhaps in no other part of the world
has coursing developed with such rapid
strides as In California, particularly in
San Francisco. In 1SS6 the first John
Grace cup was established. The total
purse was $240. A year after the event
was repeated, the total purse amounting
to $562 50. From this figure there was p.
jump to J1570. Then came a total purse
for $2020. succeeded in the next year by
an increase which made a total.purse of
$2375. All the stake prizes distributed In
all the preceding John Grace events
amount to $6767 50—$157 50 more than the
present stake. ••
Until For Freedom met with an acci-
dent a couple of weeks ago it was gener-
ally conceded that this unbeaten cham-
pion would be the undoubted favorite.
Now the wise ones are scratching heads
and talking of form. Beacon. Luxor, Palo
Alto, Royal Flush. Mayflower, Sir Pasha.
Fiery Face, Warship and a host of others
are puzzling the heads of the bettors,
Here is the way they will be posted on the
long-odds book: Beacon 6, Palo Alto 7,
Luxor S; Royal Flush, Mayflower, Sir
Pasha 10; Narcissus, Flying Fox, For
Glory. Royal Union 12; Golden Russett,
Sacramento Boy, Mac's Melody, "Warship,
King Cotton. Bohe. Connemara and Flora
McDonald 15;. The other dogs entered
will range on the long-odds book from $20
upward. Sir Pasha is picked by many for
stake honors on account of recent per
formances.
On Sunday the sport will begin with the
first round of the Consolation stake,
courses to be run In the order In which
the dogs were beaten in Saturday's run
down. Then the two stakes will alternate
until completion of both. ,
Anticipating rain, the entire betting
ring, grandstand and promenade at Union
Park will be covered with canvas.
The first train leaves to-day at 11 a. m..
the second at 1 p. m.
READY TO SLIP DOGS
FOR JOHN GRACE CUP
Biggest Coursing Event Ever Held in America
Will Be Run at Union Park During
Next Two Days.
SPORTS: COURSING, FOOTBALL, BASEBALL, RACING, GOLF, YACHTING AND ROWING
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1900.
4
CLTTBS.
I Games 'Games | Per
Won. I Lost. I Cent.
Sacramento .....I
San Francisco I
Stockton I
Oakland
40 30 .571
40 ». .541
33 *3 .453
S3 43 .408
CLTTBS.
I Games 'Games | Per
Won. I Lost. I Cent.
Sacramento .....I
San Francisco I
Stockton I
Oakland
40 30 .571
40 ». .541
33 *3 .453
S3 43 .408
Is beauty a curse P Bead
the sensational story in next
Sunday's Call tnat tells of
the weird fascination of loveli-
ness which resulted in death
for many and madness for
one.Crichton at Redlands.
REDLANDS, Oct. 19.— W. D. Crichton
spoke to-night In the Academy of Music
to a large audience. There was consider
ahia enthusiasm. . *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 19.— The question
whether an ante-nuptial contract could be
made, whereby a husband could be re
leased from supporting and maintaining
his wife after contracting marriage. wa3
brought up before Judge Allen to-day.
Simon BenlolT filed an answer to the
complaint of. his wife In a suit to compel
him to support her. They were married
on March 20, 1S99, and a child was born
on September 14 of the same year. Benloff
never lived with his wife after the mar
riage, but has paid $10 a week since the
birth of their child for its support. His
answer acknowledges the paternity of the
child, and as an answer to why he has
never supported his wife he sets up an
ante-nuptial contract, In which It was
agreed between himself and his wife that
they should marry so that the child would
be made legitimate, but that further than
paying $10 a week for Its support Mrs.
Benioff should have no claim on his prop
erty, nor should he prc'/lde for her main
tenance.
Judge Allen. In making an order for $50
attorneys' fees and $10 per week during,
the pendency of the suit, said:
Any man marrying a woman under the cir
cumstances set forth in this answer should be
the last one on earth to »ay anything about it.
It Is positively revolting to a respectable com
munity. As to this ante-nuptial contract, if
it Is valid, then the marriage is void, as the
code regulating the marriage tie provides for
support and maintenance of the wife and fam
ily. A contract made vitiating this provision
would, to my mind, render the marriage con
tract void. If my view \a correct then the very
thin* Benioff sought to avert has come to his
child. ¦
Ruling Against a Man "Whose Bride
to-Be Had Agreed That He
Need Not Support
Her.
ANTE-NUPTIAL PACT
HELD TO BE INVALID
GENEROUS DOWNPOUS
FROM TUB HEAVENS
Fall of Rain in Central and North
ern California Beneficial
to Fanners and
mine.s. 'Ufi: 1
MILTON, Oct. 13.— A general storm Is
prevailing through this part of the coun
try to-day. Reports brought In from the
mining towns Indicate a considerable fail,
with all Indications pointing to It3 con
tinuance. In this vicinity the storm in
sures new feed, which will be a great ben
efit to stockowners. In the mining region
a sufficient fall will result in starting up
those mines which have been shut down
for some time for lack of water. This
r»aar.s the employment of many workmen
at good wages.
SAXTA ROSA. Oct. 19.— Ratn began to
fall here at an early hour this morning
and has continued ever since. The Indica
tions are that It Is general throughout the
county. No especial damage will result,
as farmers generally are prepared for
winter rains.
JAMESTOWN. Oct. 19.— It commenced
raining about 1 a. m. to-day. Up to 5
p. m. the precipitation was 1.4o Inches. The
Tuolumne Water Company's reservoirs
are full. In another week repairs will
have been completed upon the flumes and
water and power supplied to the mining
companies of Tuolumne County.
PACIFIC GROVE. Oct. 19.— A fine soak
ing rain fell here this afternoon, the pre
cipitation being slightly under a halj inch.
The downpour Is believed to be general
throughout this section and Is welcome to
the ranchers.
GRASS VALLEY. Oct. 10.— Over two
inches of rain fell during the twenty-four
hours ending at noon to-day, making a
total of 5.54 Inches for the season. The
Indications are for more.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 15.— Rain haa been fall-
Ing- nearly all day and heavy showers aro
expected to-night.
STOCKTON. Oct. 19.— A heavy rain fell
here to-day, damaging unthreshed beans
JV.'ost of the hay is under cover or in
watersheds. SMBiiaBSGnanBKMM
SANTA CRCZ. Oct. 19.— The rainfall
continues without Interruption and la do
ing some damage to the grapes on tha
vises.
MORENO WIIX SOON BE
ERASED FROM THE MAP
Business Houses and Dwellings Be
ing Removed to Riverside Be
cause of Lack of Water.
RIVERSIDE, Oct. 19.— The uncompro
mising little settlement in the Moreno
Valley will soon be erased from the map
if present Indications count for anything.
Several business houses of Moreno are on
wheels, being moved to Riverside by their
owners, and one person estimates that
thirty-five other buildings have already
been brought here during the past year.
The cause of this wholesale exodus Is
the failure of the water company to de
liver sufficient water to settlers. Eight
years ago the town of Moreno was estab
lished under auspicious circumstances. A
tine hotel and several substantial brick
blocks were built and a good newspaper
nourished for a time. Settlers bought
land. Bet it out In groves and the new
town seemed to promise much, but the
drought came and the company that sold
the land was unable to supply the water
necessary to keep the trees and vegetation
thriving. Consequently the residents of
Moreno and many of the ranchers were
compelled to abandon their homes and
seek pastures new. Many came to River
side, purchased lots and are moving their
houses upon them.
SAN FRANCISCO YOUTH
CHARGED WITH FRAUD
SAN JOSE. Oct. 19.— As an aftermath
to a fast and furious time, G. Wempe, a
young blood of San Francisco, has got
himself into a financial entanglement
which will necessitate his appearance in
Justice Rosenthal's court here. Wempe
attended the fair and races. Luck was
against him and he lost his money. He
appealed to friends for aid and they in
troduced him to Thad Hobson of the T. W.
Hobson Company. A loan of J130 was
asked and Hobson readily complied, giv
ing him a check on the First National
Bank, and taking an oroer on the firm of
Wempe Bros., paper-box manufacturer
of San Francisco, for the money. Wempe
paid he was one of the flrm and the
money would be quickly forthcoming.
Hobson sent his order to the flrm, but
it would not honor it. To-day he swore
to a complaint charging Wempe with ob
taining money under false pretenses. The
young man also left other creditors here,
and they are threatening to take the same
steps. Young Wempe is said to be heir to
J1W.000.
VANCOUVER. Oct. 19.— The steamer
Dolphin arrived early this morning from
Skaguay with 240 passengers, who are
about the last who will come out from
liawr-on this season. She brought $200,000
in gold, of which $05.<X>0 was owned by
Ed McKeown, formerly a policeman of
Winnipeg. McKeowfi has been in the
north two year-; and was "broke" when he
went there. Other passengers had the
remainder of the money in smaller
amounts.
Tom Lan*> an-! his brother, William, are
two young Knerlishmen who went in early
last war. They sold out, making lla-O" 1 ©
each. O. H. Burke, formerly a resident
of Fresno County. Cal., comes out with
$22.<i00. and two other rich Americans
¦cere Mr. and Mr?. James Wright.
The mwi startling incident of the trip
out occurred when the steamer was with
in a day of Vancouver. Many of the
passengers declared that for a few min
u:«*p they never expected to see shore
again. The steamer came out toward
<j:ieo:i Charlotte Sound late in the night
*rd was caught in a rainstorm in
th« worst part of the entrance. The en
trance is dotted with scores of little isl
ands, and in thp blackness of the night
the Ftf-amer lost her way. She felt
around for a while and a littl" later the
v.ind came in from the wc-pt in a way
that made the waves dance up and down
around her high enough to drt-neh all
those on d*-ck. Soon it was blowing a
hurricane, and the speed was reduced so
that the PfeBsel could stop on the shortest
notice. This care probably saved her from
gnjng upon the rookF. for suddenly break
ers were noticed siraipht Hhead. and not
more than 300 fert from the bow of the
ressel was the Fhore of one of the isl
ands. The vessel backed away quickly
and soon afterward found the" cji.innel,
but it was a clos«» call.
More than ltwo persons arrived In
Ska^uay during the last week in Srptom
ber, making a record month for travel
over th«" White Pass Railway, whose
trains were packed on day and night runs.
The !in<» of railway is= 112 miles long, and
it is said to have cleared more than
CljOOOjQOO profit uuring September alone.
Jis rates ;tre from five to ten times as
Jiich as other American railways.
<i. V. Krazier. a Vancouver merchant,
fay.* that there are twenty-four cases of
frmallpox in Dawfion and more on the
creeks. No deaths have occurred, but the
yuaruntine of s-everal of the principal
creeks is b<ing k^pt up.
MINERS SUFFER HARDSHIPS.
Face Starvation in Rushing' to New
Gold Fields on Clear Creek.
VICTORIA, Oct. 19.— At least 100 of
those who stampeded to the new strike- on
C.'car Creek, up the Stewart River from
L>awson and the Klondike, suffered great
piivations. They were lost In the hills
while making their way across the Ci-ide,
and with their scant supplies (for they
left Dawson with no more than they
could entry) they were soon without food
other than the roots or berries they could
find and what they could shoot.
"I do not think that any have lost their
live*, although it is not impossible that
such should havo been the cas». However.
there are quite a number of creeks tribu
tary to the Stewart and Indian rivers
•Wining the district, and all or nearly all
would Jind th«>se and would make their
v.ay to the rivers. I saw a. large number
tome Into the camp emaciated and «x
huu>ted from the privations suffered dur
ing their period of starvation. They wore
[a rags. Their clothing literally hung tJ
ECtber with Dins."
This is the statement made by E. E.
Scroggie of Scroggle Creek, who arrived
ht-re to-r.ight from the new finds on Clear
Creek. Mr. Scroggie says (and In this nt
is confirmed by the Mining Recorder of
the district, who came out with him) that
the new tind is an El Dorado. It is a rival
of the Klondike.
The Canadian Rank of Commerce and
the Alaska Commercial Company have al
roiidy eut in and stores are being started.
Th«? only thing which prevents a town be
ing built is the lack of material. • The bed
rock in the district Is shallow, being
reached at four feet, and the miners have
Senator Luchslnger and Assemblyman
Anderson were given a rousing reception
tt the City Hall to-night under the
auspices of the McKinley and Roosevelt
Club. Huge bonfires lighted the streets,
and the McKinley and Roosevelt Club,
nearly 200 strong, headed by Hearn's fa
mous juvenile band, marched to the Pal
ace Hotel and escorted the speakers to
the hall through a blaze of rockets and
red fire. Major Charles L. Hewes of the
State Militia and president of the local
Republican Club, acted as president of the
meeting. After a short address by Luch
singer and Anderson, Metcalf was intro
duced and held the attention of the large
audience for nearly two hours, speaking
on the tariff and Philippine questions.
PHELAN AND GRAVES SPEAK.
San Francisco's Mayor Addresses a
Los Angeles Audience.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 19.— The local De
mocracy to-night shook itself from the
apathy that has enveloped it throughout
the campaign and prepared a big demon
stration in honor of William R. Graves,
the candidate for Congress in the Sixth
District, Mayor Phelan of San Francisco
and Chairman J. C. Sims of the State
Central Committee. A mass meeting was
held in Hazard's Pavilion and was at
tended by 3500 persons, who received each
speaker with enthusiasm.
Ex-Mayor Meredith P. Snyder, who is
again a candidate for re-election, presided
and introduced William R. Graves as the
first speaker. Mr. Graves in a brief speech
declared that he was neither lost nor cone
before, but was the real candidate for
Congress. He •emphatically denied that
there was any collusion or fraud in his
nomination or that it was accomplished
by any compact or understanding with
the Southern Pacific Company. The
charge that he was put up to be knocked
down or to assist in the election of any
other candidate he branded as a baseless
fabrication; nor was there any lack of
enthusiasm on his part, because he be
lieved the country would go Democratic
Nothing but physical inability had pre
vented him prosecuting his canvass hith
erto. In conclusion Mr. Graves promised
"to discuss things" later and made way
for Mayor Phelan.
Mayor Phelan's speech was mainly de
voted to an arraignment of the adminis
tration's policy in the Philippines and to
the dangers of militarism. In concluding
he said:
This is the first opportunity the people havo
had to speak. If they are blind to the lessons
of history, to the genius of their institutions
to the sacred character of their constitution'
they will rue the day. If they rebuke the ad
mln.t«tratlon another evidence will be ulv«»n to
the world of the Intelligence, power and pa
triotism of the American people.
Chairman Sims was the last speaker on
the programme, but before he had fairly
started his argument the audience had
dispersed and he withdrew.
TRACY'S WELCOME TO WOODS
Republican Flambeau Clubs Parade
the Streets of the Town.
TRACY, Oct. 19.— Sam D. Woods, Re
publican candidate for Congress in this
district, was given a great welcome to his
home county at Tracy to-night. The
Rough Rider Club and a band attended
from Stockton and were here supple
mented by a local club of torch and flam
beau bearers. For an hour before the
time set for the meeting to begin the air
was clamorous with the shouts of march
ing men and brilliant with the flare of
great bonfires and bursting bombs.
The 'hall- where the meeting was held
was not nearly large enough to hold those
who sought admission. After the meet
ing. the streets were crowded with people
wearing Woods buttons and shouting For
the next Congressman from this district.
Bonfires Blaze , at Tulare.
TULARE, Oct. 19.— Hon. Jud Rush, the
eloquent Los Angeles Democratic speaker,
addressed a large and enthusiastic audi
ence here this evening. It was composed
largely of farmers; from the- surrounding
country. Music was supplied by, the Tu
lare brass band and bonfires and cannon
ading enlivened' the evening.
STOCKTON. Oct. 19.— Inclement weath
er, theaters, concerts and rival political
gatherings failed to lessen the magnifi
cence of the reception to Samuel M.
Shortridge this evening. The Republican
marching clubs had gone to Tracy to as
sist in the Woods demonstration, yet Ma
sonic Music Hall was filled to overflowing
with enthusiastic bupporters of the ad
ministration. Among the vice presidents
were several former Democrats.
Mr. Shortridge spoke for nearly two
hours and held the undivided attention of
liis auditors from first to last. The
speaker said he assumed that Democrats
were actuated by the same patriotic mo
tives that inspired Republicans, but they
were certainly under false leaders. It
was a refreshing sign of the times to hear
their laudations of the immortal Lincoln,
and it would not be too much to hope that
twenty years from now the opposition
orators would be referring to the wise
and statesmanlike policy of William. Mc-
Kinley.
Mr. Shortridge declared in his own in
imitable style that the Republican party
stood for the flag. The Republicans could
not see In that glorious banner a symbol
of oppression. If the standards of des
potism* could circle the world with con
quests, why should not the beams of con
stitutional liberty emanating from, the
glorious ensign throw their radiance over
the dark places of the world?
The Republican party, he said, stood for
sound money, the- system which had made
the nation and individuals solvent, in
creased the per capita circulation and re
stored the waste places of Democratic
misrule with peace and plenty. The party
of McKinley would rather have Chaffee
and MacArthur upholding the dignity of
the flag in the Orient than to have Gen
eral Coxey marching through this coun
try- It stood for protection, the creator
of our industrial prowess and wage-su
premacy. The merchant marine, now in
Its infancy, would be brought to invinci
ble prowess on every sea through Repub
lican policy.
The Republican party stood for rational
and effective legislation against criminal
trusts, he declared. While Mi. Bryan had
been talking the party had passed and
attempted to execute the only anti-trust
laws upon the Federal statute books. It
would proceed by legitimate and lawful
means to abate such evils as may exist,
but did not believe that legitimate efforts
to raise prices, as with the raisin and
orange growers of California, should bo
harassed by blatant demagogy.
ENTHUSIASM AT RED BI/CTFF.
Democrat Who Renounced Bryanism
Gives His Reasons.
RED BL.UFF, Oct. 19.— There was a
magnificent demonstration here to-night
in honor of Congressman Barham and.
Hon. T. B. Dozier of Redding/ who re
cently-renounced Bryanism to stump the
State for McKinley. Fireworks and
music called out an Immense throng, and
it was one of the greatest meetings ever
reld here. Colonel Runyon, chairman of
the County Committee, presided.
Judge Barham delivered a strong ar
raignment of the Democratic party on the
trust question and backed what he said
by the Congressional Records. Pie urged
the election of Hon. F. L. Coombs to Con
gress, referring to his ability as a legis
lator and as Minister to Japan. He de
clared the issue in the campaign was
bryanism.
Captain Dozier handled the Philippine
question in a convincing way and made a
n.aeterly argument- for McKinley and
continued prosperity. He was warmly
congratulated by scores in the ¦ audience
for his effort.
Tehama County has always been Demo
cratic by from 75 to 300 majority, but the
Republicans have strong hopes of carry
ing the county this year. .
BENICIA REPUBLICAN RALLY.
BENTCIA, Oct. 19.— Notwithstanding the
Inclement weather. Congressman Metcalf,
Gathering of Voters.
Congressman Metcalf Talks to Large
taken out as high as 60 cents and 75 cents
to the Dan.
Among the miners who were lost in
crossing from the Klondike to the Clear
Creek finds, said Mr. Scroggie, was Frank
Blavin, the pugilist.
A very rich find has also been made on
Dornix Creek, above Frazler Tails, where
pans of $1 45 were being taken out. There
were between 601 and 7<X> people in the dis
trict and more were going in daily.
I TTTCTNELrNG UNDER TTJNDRA.
Nome Corporation Hopes to Find a
Vast Bed of Gold.
• TACOMA, Oct. 19. — Nome advices state
that for nearly three months past the
Cape Nome Gold Mining and Transporta
tion Company has been working the tun
dra adjoining the beach directly west of
lewn, and about seven miles out. The
utmost secrecy has been observed regard-
Ing operations. No outsiders have been
allowed within twenty-live yards of tlie
shaft, no information has been given out,
a:)d the general public has been made lo
understand that the company wants
•.very one on the outside to "keep off the
tundra."
The company owns twenty-one claims
and emplovs thirty men. running day and
night shifts. Two shafts have been nunk
sixty feet to bedrock, and four tunnels
are being run— north, south, east and
west. One runs under the sea. The com
panv's object is to locate an old rivor
bed "which, if found, it believes, will pro
duce millions.
Steamship Dolphin Arrives With Passen
gers Carrying Sacks of Treasure.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LAST OF THE MINERS TO
COME OUT FROM DAWSON
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SHORTRIDGE ADDRESSES
CITIZENS OF STOCKTON
Inclement Weather Fails to Dampen the
Ardor of Mill City Republicans.
Bay City Smoker.
The Bay City Wheelmen will hold a big
smoker at their clubhouse, 441 Golden
Gate avenue, Saturday evening, October
27, in honor of Judge Frank H. Kerrigan,
candidate for Superior Judge, who has
long been a prominent member of the
club. To-morrow evening the club will at
tend the California Theater in a body to
welcome home William H. Hallett, an old
time member, who is to make his first
professional appearance here with West's
Minstrels.
BOSTON. Oct. 19.— Richard Jordan won
the afternoon game to-day in his cham
pionship checker match here with Charles
F. Barker, making the first win of the
match. The evening game was drawn.
«
Jordan Scores One.
CHICAGO, Oct. 19.— Charles W. Miller,
the six-day champion, defeated Eddie
McDufiie of Boston In a fifteen-mile paced
race at the Coliseum to-night by two and
a half laps in the slow time of 2S:00 1-5.
Miller Wins.
SPIDER KEIXY EASY
GAME FOR JOE GANS
DENVER, Oct. 19.— Joe Gans of Balti
more won from "Spider" Kelly of San
Prancisco in the eighth round of what
was to have been a ten-round go before
the Colorado Athletic Association here to
night. Kelly's seconds threw up the
sponge in the middle of the eighth round
when he was so weak that he could
neither lead nor defend himself. Gans
was strong and undoubtedly would have
put Kelly out had he gone iurther In tha
fight.
During the first five rounds the honors
wera about even. They both sparred clev
erly and each landed some pood blows".
Kelly was floored in the fourth round bv
a punch in the jaw. but was not serloubly
affected by it. Both fought fast and (Jans'
strength gave him a decided advantage
over Kelly after the fifth round. wh<'n
Kelly assumed the defensive and brok.'
ground repeatedly. Cans' victory wa.-«
clear cut and came through his splendid
staying qualities. From a standpoint of
science they are very evenly matched; an.l
had Kellv the strength of Gans it woulJ
REIFF AND MATTER
AGAIN PILOT WINNERS
LONDON, Oct. 19.— The Hersham 2
year-old race was won by Lord William
Beresford'n chestnut colt Yap at the
Sandown Park autumn meeting to-day. J.
Reiff rode the winning horse. This event
Is of 500 sovereigns, the winner to be sold
at auction for 1000 sovereigns.
The Hook plate of 1C0 sovereigns was
won by C. S. Newton's bay gelding Garter
Knight, ridden by Danny Maher.
be a toss who would win in their fights.
Sammy Maxwel] of California and Roy
St rector of Colonido Springs fought five
rounds in hurricane style, Maxwell win
ning.
Cresceus Again Fails.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind.. Oct. 19.— Cres
ceus again to-day failed in his attempt
to lower his own world's record for trot
ting stallions of 2:04, but made a full
second better time than his trial of
Wednesday, making the mile to-day in
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.— A dispatch
to the Journal from London says:
Lord Durham's uffly attack on
AmericaJi jockeys and on sports
men from over the sea. unsup
ported by any proof, has brought on an
international turf storm.
The Daily Telegraph wisely declares
that "it can only be presumed that Lorrl
Durham spoko— he was addressing the
Jockey Club stewards, of which he is on?
— with a knowledge of much that has prune
on which has not yet met the public eye,
but which must be known to the poweis
that be."
John A. Drake, who has won Jl.CXt.03iJ
in the five months that he has b«-en <m
the English turf— which is the wnole of
his experience— is thoroughly disgusted at
the insults indirectly heaped upon him.
"The position is intolerable," said h.?,
"to any one who loves fair play. Our
trainers and jockeys in England do not
need any word of defense from me. Their
record speaks for itself.
"American jockeys are in bad favor
with the Jockey Club, but had they hurt
the sport in England would the Prince of
Wales have just engaged an American
jockey to ride his horses? Our jockeys
have won too many races.
"American boys ride to win. They have
broken up the English Jockey ring, about
which there was such a cry a while ago.
American jockeys are responsible for an
honesty on the English courses that was
never before known."
Lord William Beresford is preparing a
rebuke to Lord Durham and will engage
for next season Wishard, Mr. Drake's
trainer, to succeed Huggrins, his present
American trainer, who wants to make a
visit home, and will also engage the RelfE
boys for next season.
The Earl of Lonsdale says: "I regret
that I can, with a most unbiased and in
dependent feeling, thoroughly indorse all
that Lord Durham said.
"I have thought and said openly for
some time that I considered the turf in
England in a worse state at the present
time than it has ever been in my recol
lection.
"I do not Imagine for a minute Lord
Durham meant by 'American jockeys and
their following" that that following was
necessarily American.
"There also have been more accidents
recently than I ever remember and I most
certainly attribute this to the presence
of American jockeys."
FINISH OF THE CHICHESTER STAKES AT GOODWOOD. "JOHNNY" REIFF. ONE OF THE AMERICANS
ABOUT WHOM LORD DURHAM IS KICKING UP SUCH A FUSS, IS LEADING ON HORTON; S. LOATES IS
SECOND. ON ARDEER; J. MORGAN THIRD ON GO ON.
LORD DURHAM'S ATTACK CAUSES
AN INTERNATIONAL TURF STORM
RESULTS ON
THREE TRACKS
IN THE EAST
Rollins, the Favorite,
Breaks His Leg at
Harlem.
CHICAGO, Oct. 19.— In the steeplechase
event at Harlem, Rollins, the favorite,
fell over the pixth jump, breaking hU
riffht \ok and had to be killed. Weather
clear: track fast. Results:
Five furlongs — Gray John won, Zacato?;i
Becond, Lucille Krarr.ble third. Time. 1:02.
s:x and a half turtonsx— Royal Victor won.
H:<j de Aitar ¦eeoad. Wall third. Time. 1:13 4-i
Rteefdecfaase. rh.;rt oonrse — Frond w.->n. Sal
lart BMoaa, Mr. IXinlap third. Time. 3:41.
Mi'.e and fifty yard*— Knight Banneret wen.
iVl^n Scertt-r FeeomJ Vcrn»>tta third. Time.
Fliae an<J a hcU furlongs— Hvlo won. Tdttl;
Q Feeon<9. I-iBht Pail third. Time. 1:07 3-1.
Mile and titty yard?— lfc-iK>r.an won. Phldlaa
f. end. Brown Vail third. Time, 1:44 4-5.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 3i«.— Kesultp at New
port: :
Si* furlor.pn, selling— Barbara M won, Juan
etta. second, Erenia third. Tiwe. 1:15.
Mil* and a quarter, selilnir— I>»«!fvJ11* J^lle
von, Oc.verr.or Bovd second V>.U-nier 11 third.
Time. I:CH«.
Mi!o and seventy yards. pp;i:ng-— Ktta wen.
I»le:ihe;m second, Colbert third. Time. 1:<H4
&ix furlontrs. selling— Caiwxun won. Falr\-
IK-'.I wcrwid. Ppa'.dy Y third. Time. 1:15.
Six and a half furlonps. celUnK— l>cnna Stay
wen. Urulare seccr.d. Lak? Kor.f-o third. Time.
1 :"'.:'».
Mile and seventy yar<if. •*Hlnr— Eartj PpB*»
v.< n. Nettie Regent fe-ond, Th-r SluKgard 'tirj.
T.n.e, U<5&.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. IS.— Results:
Six furlor.es selling:— Mascasnl won. GoM-
N'.eht pf-f-on-J. Brlsfatle H thinl. Timp. 1:15.
Five and a ha!: : jrior.es— I>ansr*rflelil won,
Oiidenard*- Mcond. Albert F. Dewey third.
Time. 1:01. . ,,
Six fur!onp» sf-'.IJr.p— W^ldeman wen. U«le
fimpfon second Bonnlvard third. Time. l:lr>.
Seven furl ¦incf. peillr.p— Pcyntz won. Tea
Gown wcoad Feethir.K third. Time. I'M
Fvo and a half i urionps— Four Leaf C won,
Hcrsahoe Tabacco second. Necklace tniri
iilU tnd'a .-^ixte^nth. B«nit«— O»pt*ln Galr.es
T\r n Kitty Ci>de second. El tJhor third, ilnie.
1 :i^?. ___
Results of Salinas Races.
SALINAS. Oct. 13.— The fourth day of
th Monterey County Fair was ushered
In with rain. Aithouph not very heavy,
the downpour materially interfered with
the racing.
In the 5:11 trot, Claudine won three
straight beats, Ned Thorne was second
and Prince ciift third. Best time. 2:14.
In the five-eiphths of a mile and repeat.
Fire Shot, ridden by Burlingame. won in
straight heats.
The 2:10 pace, which was the chief event
of the weeks programme, proved to be a
Blow race. Pictatress. Delphi and Myrtha
Whip* Ftarted. Delphi won in three
straight heats, with Myrtha Whips sec
ond and Dlctatress third In each hoat.
Time. 2:15V 2:1?.. 2:14.
"Winners at Santa Ana.
SANTA ANA. Oct. 19.— The races to-day
drew a larger crowd than characterized
the finrt day's meeting. In the 2:40 pace
W"'i<3 N>mph won in straight heats. Best
lime, 2:'J3 J 4. In the County Road race
J aura E won the first heat, but the next
two went to Toy Soy. Time. 2:41. 2:35, 2:47.
Ji:',in -Rfiu the three-eighths dash in a field
of live In :3T.
FIREBUG TRIES
TO ADD MURDER
TO HIS CRIME
Viciously Attacks a Man
Who Discovers a San
Jose Blaze.
VICTIM ESCAPES BY RUNNING
Delay in Turning In an Alarm Re
sults in the Destruction of
a Barn and Two
Horses.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 19.— Fire this morning
destroyed two two-story buildings and ad
joining smaller structures in Los Gatos.
The flames started from the range In a
restaurant, which occupied one of the
buildings. The loss is $5000, insured. The
principal losers are Mrs. Cuzard and Alex
ander McKay.
WATSONVILLE, Oct. 19.— Fire at the
Harlns dairy ranch, three miles from
"Watsonvllle, shortly after 12 o'clock last
night, destroyed the dwelling, barns,
dairy house ami other buildings, together
with three horses, machinery, $1000 worth
of grain and other valuable property.
There was no insurance, and the loss is
more than $10,000. John Welch and family
are owners of the ranch. The cause of the
fire Is not known.
Ten Thousand Dollar Loss Sustained
by Rancher John Welch of
Watsonville.
Abels' loss will probably amount to
$1500. Two horses and a quantity of hay
were burned. An attempt to destroy the
same property by an Incendiary was
made on Slay 7. Benjamin can 1 give but
a vague description of the Incendiary.
DAIRY RANCH BUILDINGS
DESTROYED BY FLAMES
Xunce Benjamin, a young man who
drives a delivery wagon around town,
was on his way home at 356 North Eighth
street at the time. He saw the blaze and
rushed to the Eureka engine-house, in the
near vicinity. As he ran past the burn
ing building yelling, "fire! a heavy-set
man dashed out and ordered him to stop.
Benjamin kept on running, with the man
after him. Just as he reached the door
of the fire house the firebug caught him.
The fellow hurled Benjamin into the
middle of the road, and with an oath
aimed a vIcIoub blow at his head. Benja
min dodged and jumped to his feet. He
recovered himself before the firebug was
upon him and sprinted for home. The fel
low pursued him up to the door of the
house. In the meantime neighbors had
been aroused and an alarm of fire turned
in.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 19.— The barn of O. K.
Abfls. a dealer In hay and wood, ! at
Eighth and Julian streets, was destroyed
by fire this morning at 3 o'clock. The
blaze was the work of an incendiary, an.l
he w.is almost caught In the act. So
determined^ was the ' firebug to accom
plish his purpose that he pursued his dis
coverer and probably . would have added
murder to that of arson had he succeeded
in catching him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HONGKONG, Oct. 19.— The military
mandarin at Sanchun reports that Ad
miral Ho has defeated the rebels, killing
one hundred of them and driving the sur
vivors Into the Northeast River.
Ho Defeats Rebels.
BISHOP, Oct. 19.— A large and enthusi
astic Republican meeting 1 was addressed
here this evening by Colonel John H. Rob
erts. Chairman Love of the County Com
mittee called the meeting to order and In
troduced as chairman Robert O'Nell, who
until this campaign has been a leader In
Democratic councils, a member of the
County Democratic Committee and was a
delegate to the last Democratic State
Convention at Sacramento. He explained
briefly and clearly the reasons for his
change of party. Colonel Roberts re
ceived close attention throughout his ad
dress.
Bishop Crowd Hears Roberts.
REDDING, Oct. 19.— The Grand En
campment of Odd Fellows concluded its
labors here this morning'. The last busi
ness transacted was the installation of
officers.' Most of the delegates started for
home to-day. The session has proved
pleasing to both Odd Fellows and local
residents, although the rain Thursday
marred the pleasure of the closing hours
of the gathering. This evening at Armory
Hall the visitors tendered the citizens a
reception.
We demand that since the tyranny of capi
ta Usm robs the workers of the decencies of
life the city provide free and commodious pub
lic baths and gymnasiums; that they be laid
out in the densely populated portions of the
city; that the city provide toilet retreats In the
parks and at all places requiring such; that
free drlnklns fountains be erected In each
ward; that public lodging-houses be established,
to be run at cost, and that the city undertake
th<- erection of convenient and sanitary dwell
ings, to be let the workers at cost.
CLOSE OF THE ENCAMPMENT.
L.OS ANGELES, Oct. 19.— The platform
of the Social Democrats, adopted in their
City Convention, contains the following
plank:
Social Democrats.
Platform Adopted by the Los Angeles
DEMANDS FREE PUBLIC BATHS.
EASTERN STAB LADIES
INDULGE IN POLITICS
Entire Day and Evening' Consumed
in a Struggle Over the
Election of Four
Officers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 19.— All day long: and
up to 11 o'clock to-night the ladles of
the Eastern Star struggled over the elec
tion of four officers. The big fight wa*
over the election of a worthy gTand ma
tron, for which three ballots were taken
yesterday afternoon. There were three
candidates— Mrs. Bowes of Santa Ana,
Mrs. Glberson of San Francisco and Mrs.
Lucas of Santa Maria. Their friends were
not idle last night and when the session
opened this morning all were ready for
the fray. Ballot followed ballot without
any choice being made and the greatest
Interest and excitement prevailed. It was
not until late in the afternoon that a
selection was made, Mrs. Maud E. Bowed
winning the contest.
A lively contest also developed over as
sociate matron and associate patron. At
11 o'clock to-night an adjournment was
taken till to-morrow.
The officers elected are: Worthy grand
patron, Ernest W. Conant of San Jose:
worthy grand matron, Mrs. Maud E.
Bowes of Santa Ana; associate grand
patron, Benjamin A. Plant of Santa Cruz;
associate grand matron, Mrs. Kate B.
Miller of Woodland; grand . secretary,
Kate J. Willats of San Francisco (re
elected); grand treasurer, Adeline Run
yon of Cburtland.
The rest of the officers are appointive
and their names will be announced by
Grand Matron Bowes to-morrow morn-
Ing. The Installation will follow. The
next session probably ¦will be held in Saa
Francisco.
• ¦ .'
Stinson Breaks Records.
BROCKTON, Mass., Oct. 19.— At a trial
dav .Will Stlnson broke all -previous rec
ords against time behind pace, from eight
to fifteen miles Inclusive. . Elkes made the
previous records .one year agro to-day on
Berkeley oval, New York.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1900.
5
Bost$5.0GmFmmwm nr nnzTiuf^W^nB fl 9k Ml Grand
°*»»°< IHf lWPpRIlJM?2«g«;J,
Photos— pP ©Olflenifcole BaZAAI-J T ™ Orchestra and
to-daj, $3» 75 California's largest-America's grandest store. Soloists.
The New Veilings Have Arrived. tfi\
Every beautiful and becoming style that h now '^— / f\
in vogue in the large Eistern cit es will ba found ia this **^^^^~L^,Kr\
collection. Spider S*e!etm Meshes with largs ve'vet f -5-^"3>5^z3
spots; Toxedo Meshei in black and fancy gray mixture?; V^&^^^^^Jrx
Chiffon with velvet sp.t< in b'ack and -\\\ the nfweoor- C^^^^^U^^
Ings; per yard GOO, 75o and $i.OO
Black Pattern Veils with ve vet or ch»ri •» fV^^^'-J??
Sfoiy, each...: 50O v •' i?c*G^iL*/
Fancy Tuxedo Vetting, black ar.d all the naw JVW^^?^
colrr ne*. per yard 25o *^-*^ pt*7K^
Noyoitlas in Collarettes, some exquisite
sty es in bbek L'berty Silk C)llarette3 have jut been re-
ceived, price* from, each $fmOO to $5mOO
Ladles* Linen Lzwn Handkerchiefs, 200 dozen in handsome
new styles, wiih lace insertion and edging, exceptional values at
...» I 1 10c, 15o and 25c
Principe de Gales Another Butter
Cigars, 3 for 25c. Sale To-Day.
W^^3S B fh"l l 3rr£.S f Strictly Fancy Creamery Bat-
the regu ar 2 for 25c size; on sale to- ter . tnat W1 " Please the most fa3-
day— Saturday — ony 3 tor |tidious; regular size squares;
• *OG special Saturday only... /9Kg%
Watch Fobs, 53c. ,. ***W
Good silk with fin* Llmlt 5 squares to a single
Zgq quality rolled plate customer.
|O^ buckles and swive'; fancy • — —^— — ___
-' ;i| engraved round or square SflOO Sale To m Day*
jH| -buckle; special ££¦ Men » a ;,-ghtwe ght calf.
lH to-day ony **•»«* lace and congress Shoea,
PgS V^fi \ stylish and comfort-
tfgfc Special Salo of 1® \ I&'&oSwE:
jjj Handkerchiefs 03*^ V^^ $1.85
12=1 Men'-« Hemsti ched Ja- x»— j£_j&-^ f ¦>
to panbt Handkerchief* that 3Iisses» dark tan Vici Kid fe^/
p-^ look hke si.k and wear L , ce Shoeg- new gt , fl coin Yfyr j
like linen; 210 dozen oa t0e3 . a new> dr ' /^SkHA
special Bale to-day.' with lnitia', - wall wearing shoe; on T^^-^4
e ch c special sale to- jffASQ
With 2-inch si!k initial, each ZC day on'y — V^rgJ
Clothing Special. SUW <T7
Untl closi-g time to-nizht: 500 Sheet Music, 12c.
Mon's SW.00 and $12.50 We sell all sfieet moaic re^larly at
Business Suits, $7.95— To-day half publishiw' prices; to-day specials
Saturday); a small lot "about i»0)styll3h are j e33 thaQ half our nsalaT
and seasonable sack suits, made of fine cn > p T \ ce - eacn .12EG
all-wool twe-ds and ca,Mi mere suitings, ' .. gon ' g9 t^^^ica^OMV
well lined and tailored, g*. •? ng- "I Don't Like No Cheap Man."
perfect fi'tirc &*.**+*_ "The Sons of Liberty Bell."
Rnxir' «? on i/ncfnn Cm#/c^P e ' s a Porter on the Empire State."
BOVS'OJiUO VOStOO OUtlS,^% "Before She Fell."
$2,65— For ages 3 to 10 years, all- "Grace O'Moore." .
wool Cheviots and Cjasimeres, jacket „ "3-11-33"— Coon Sons. „
with a new coat col ar. open or closed -Don't Yo^sfy^MaHonSrWe Must
ve?t, handsomely trimmed ia the b:st Part."
possible manner; worth $3.45 and $3 95; instrumental*
our special price to-day £SSZ "An Old Kentucky Barbecue"— Marcn
<Jf^6«U%# and Two-step.
¦ — "Pride of the Navy March."
50C Nut Crackers, 25C. "Sallna Sas S afras"-Two- 3 te P .
Polished ateei £^^^^=r=-^ Millinery Specials,
and nickel <Sjl^^~— ... -^ ** r
crackers ia an . pons— The newest ____S^^^\
assortment of "Uil, 11.11 1 -^-^brry^ 3 ' ea ' 0n3 ef " $3!G&ffy$H ' j J
styes that sell <<nnir==~§§§/ , th^ F0^' a ' ffijmxSwJ
regalarly for "*±& fad of Vw *ork^£<^33gg
3 jo. 4?c and 50c; to-diy only.... 2SC 3" tn0TT : our regnlar^S^S^^gjftff
Hardware Department-Main Floor. t^l^65oW^W
Side Combs, 18c. ttVHT^IM 1 \ I
Ladies' Shell Side Combs, in graduated .?. ts ~~, j . V FtTT<1
and rounded shapes; long j ml short teeth Wlth cord and *g~ L 3 Jg*#s s>
p rsorttU n k^;toTa yO n^.7gC lE^™??^ "°fr?2S
0*1 9 1% &ti tzn Elegant Trimmed Hats— With
<&* ,&&, &B a & U i ong b ack breast, colored velvet on hair.
WwaiStS, 38 Om rhinestone buckle; $14.00 value: special
J&$> Asaorted lot of fin^ for t<Mla y onlT $9. 75
dotted P^rMan Flan-
Wegt. I nelette Waists, with Boys' Caps, 17 C.
«gts^> black ve vet col'ars. r
f>&&. and all-woo', solid ><"f^r^^ a«sort-
X^W^ colored, waiat lined. C£^-- i v ::> Nl me ? t °* Yacllt
/^7%>-WS«\3 and a Nubian fast C^ I jxgS&k d Golf-Yacht
(' '^i-hV'.S, t v ° -X bl a clc. mercerized -^maT* papa. m blae.
i- '3^.'' ' •$ K'i sateen ' corded waIst ' <C^^ —^ 5 rowa ' red and
l'rf':F'>''MB/ all «"xes; regularly Ji^^-^i-^ ncy mJxtnres «
tf«: "y\- '.'pja/ $1.25 and 51.50; fT ::: j^ ZZ** with eitner c!oth
fT >===Kny to-day on!y o<> -*-^ <> r glazed leather
(if/ r^'~-~~~ 7 \ wOC visors; on special
((>""• ~ i-> '"i'ib.OO." $12.50 sa ' e Saturday only, each 17o
and $15.00 Silk Lined Jackets. Worth from j to double our sal, price.
$7.45 — An assorted lot of fine sample _ ~1 ~ ~ ~ "
jicketa and small Iot3 from oar owi uSrgen'S Toilet Soap,
stock, all nice new jackets, in all sizes Q*% J7 ny o A 9 L Ae
and color*; regnlanv *io! -_ D , . €,3ReS.
$12.50 and ? 15; to-day only &T.*+5 , P . at . n P *n pretty boxes, 3 large cakes,
$3.50, 84.00 and $5.00 Under- of Andrew Jergen a Soar), nicely scented;
skirts, $2.50-Fin8 Silk Mercerized °^ m^ honey or glycerine; oor regular
SUeen. all colors and black, a bis as- cn * P nce P er dox. l^c; 600 boxes of 3
sortment of different styles, wide flonac- cake3 each « 8 P«cial Saturday only,
ings and pleatings; regularly from $3.50 P er box — *•* *"*
to $5.00 each; to-day — Saturdar — onlv o _ -,- , _ .
S2.5O 35cPlaying Cards, 1Oc.
$16.5O Tailor Dresses, $12.50— To-day oniy we offer another shipment
Four sty ea of pebble and plain cheviot of our fine enameled Playing Cards, with
and camel's hair tailor dresses, black, photograph of Emporium on the backs;
navy and gray; regularly $16.50; SDecial equal in finish and qaality to any m r% '
to-day only S12-5O 35c card on the market; per pack 1 0C
THE EMPOBIUM.
THE EMP0BIT7M..NEW YORK. Oct. 19.-From San Fran
cisco—E. A. Howard Is at the Grand- L.
M. Kellogg Is at the Park Avenue- H i
McPherBon and wife are at the Arline*
ton; O. N. Owens is at: the Gilsey r. j> r Z,
not is at the St. Denis; J. Zanson and
Mrs. K. S. Voaburg are at the P ark . " d
nue; J. -Gottlieb and J. J. Gottlieb are at
the Gerald; I. A. Ackerman Is at the %a
voy; Miss H. T. Bacon is at the Murrav
Hill; A. Henniffch Is at the Savoy jp
Maple is at the Hoffman; H. Payot la at
the Navarre.-*. ? ayot ia at
Los' Angeles-Miss E. Fischer and
E. F. Treadwell are at the Navarre- V?
E. Belcher of Ban Diego is at the Herald
Square; W. B. Banford of Peterboro la
at the Westminster.
CALITOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
The scandal which has broken about the head of
Henry C. Dibbje, who asks that he be chosen to dis
grace again the people of the Forty-first Assembly
District, indicates very clearly thnt legislative high
waymen play no favorites. Good measures as well as
bad ones are grist for them.
His Highness the Maj-or has some serious work to
do among his hired men in the local Treasurer's office.
Snme of them have been talking out of school and
confess that the "pull" works wonders in their office.
His Highness must have shuddered when he re
called that hefting incident.
Pit seems impossible to satisfy the critics of our new
reform" government. They are expressing surprise
. r.j;d dissatisfaction thit the charter is cither silent or
ambiguous in reference to vital elements of city gov
ernment. Tlie rest of us had accepted these facts as
matters of course.
Scandal has laid her black wing over the Federal
Immigration Bureau in this city. The authorities
should remember that in dealing. with certain classes
of Japanese they are handling merchandise where
carelessness is as dangerous as criminality.
If the latest allegations of some of the probate
sharks who were exposed by The Call be true, it was
rhuch more satisfactory, safe and profitable toTob.a
living rascal than to prey upon the unoffending dead.
THE MEN BACK OF BRYAN.
ONE of the most notable addresses of the cam
paign, is that recently made at Concord by
Senator Hoar in defense of his position that 'the
true friends of liberty and of good government, even
if opposed to the. Philippine policy of the administra
tion, should none the less vote for McKinley and
against Bryan. The Senator's argument is that the
Republican party has accomplished for human rights
all that has been accomplished in that direction in this
country for fifty years; that the Democratic party has
been opposed to every effort to protect the negroes,
or to advance the prosperity; of white workingmen.
and that Bryan, even if sincere, could not as Presi
dent achieve anything against the powers of the party
that elected him.
Commenting upon the issue before the people hs
said: "You cannot help the cause of anti-imperialism
by going into partnership with Bryanisru. You can
not mix tyranny, dishonor, broken faith; anarchy and
license in one cup and have constitutional liberty the
result of the mixture." He went on to point out that
i r Boutwell and Schurz entered into an alliance with
Croker, Tillman, Altgeld. Towne and Bryan the com
bination would still be Democratic and do Democratic
business in the old way.
Should Bryan be elected, what men would have
most power in his administration? To what advisers
would his administration listen? Senator Hoar asked
the questions direct: "Will it listen to Mr. Morgan
and Mr. Pettus, with Alabama behind them? Will it
listen to Mr. McEnery, with Louisiana behind him ?
Will it listen to Mr. McLaurin? All these men are
imperialists. They arc as thoroughly intrenched in
the political leadership of their. States as ever was
Daniel Webster in Massachusetts. Or will it listen to
Mr. Schurz or Mr. Boutwell, with nothing behind
.them?"
Such questions carry their answers with them, but
the Senator did not leave them in the air. He has
served long in Congress and is. familiar with the sen
timents of the Democratic leaders there. Speaking
from the fullness of that ample knowledge, he warned
the anti-imperialists of Massachusetts that back of the
Bryan administration there will be "a solid South, in
tent on disfranchising the negro in earnest and mean
ing business. There will be behind it the free silver
men of the West, in earnest and meaning business.
There will be behind it the Populists, the anarchist
and socialist of the great cities, in earnest and meaning
business. There will be behind it Richard Croker and
Major C. W. Mercer and wife are at the
Palace. The major is commander in chief
of the commissary department at Manila.
Paymaster Wilkins Is also here, and it is
said both officers come to get their dis
charge owing to physical disability.
Captain Frank Harding is registered at
the California. Captain Harding has been
detached from the hospital ship Relief
and is on his way to Washington in an
swer to a summons from the Xavy De
partment.
Mrs. H. O. F. Heistand of Washington,
wife of Colonel Heistand, military aid to
President McKinley, arrived in the city
yesterday from Manila. She Is staying at
the California. She will return East Im
mediately.
Dr. Bradley D. Flymire. wife and infant
son, who have been touring through the
northern part of the State, returned to
the city yesterday.
James McCudden, a prominent Vallejo
naval contractor,, and his daughter are
stopping at the Grand for a few days.
Thomas R. Lucas, one of the oldest resi
dents of Honolulu, and an extensive lum
berman. Is registered at the Occidental.
- Colonel J. B. Wheeler of New York, who
has mining Interests In Nevada County,
Is stopping at the Occidental.
Dr. A. E. Browne and family of this
city, who are at Rocklin. expect to remain
there until next summer.
Amos Burr, passenger agent of the New
York Central at Los Angeles, la spending
a few days In town.
Samuel G. Wilder of tho Wilder Steam
ship Company, Honolulu, !s at the Occi
dental.
Walter F. Parker, a Los Angeles poli
tician, is at the Grand.
L. E. Dean, a Bakersfield oil man and
attorney, is at the Grand.
Dr. F. M. Parker, wife and daughter of
Los Angeles are at the Grand.
R. I. Bentley of Sacramento, a larga
fruit packer, is registered at the .Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Central Africa has been so thoroughly associated
in the popular mind with ideas of unexplored wil
dernesses it will be hard for many to understand
there is any real need of establishing an international
game law over it. Most people have thought of the
region as one of well nigh inexhaustible stores of
game of all kinds and so impenetrable that hunters
could hardly do more than follow a few paths through
its amplitude of jungles. It will be remembered, how
ever, that much the same idea' was entertained fifty
years ago of the buffalo of the American plains. The
facilities which civilization have placed at the dis
posal of hunters are such as to enable them to sweep
away the elephants, Rinrffes and other big beasts of
Africa almost as quickly as the buffalo was swept
from this continent.
In the course of the international conference on the
subject the fact was brought out that a good many
wealthy sportsmen in Europe have undertaken to add
big game from Africa and Asia to their preserves. In
some cases these men have become more interested
in propagating the animals than in killing them, and
these parks therefore are likely to. become the means
of preserving several kinds of animals that might be
otherwise exterminated. A report upon that phase
of the subject says: "The prospect is now opened
up of an indefinite increase and thorough acclimatiza
tion of many breeds that were at first thought to be
incapable of survival in a more rigorous climate. Ga
zelles, antelopes, kangaroos, bisons and zebras, wild
sheep, besides different varieties of foreign birds, are
now living in England and France in a wild and nat
ural state. Some of these species have developed to
a surprising extent the capacity to modify their for
mer habits and functions to suit the climate, and, gen
erally speaking, the experiments have thoroughlv
proved the practicability of transferring to Europe
and perpetuating there many varieties of life supposed
to be peculiar to Asia and Africa."
It appears from all reports that it is high time for
joint action on the subject. A single English sports
man, F. C. Selous, is reported to have killed within
a comparatively few years in elephants, and along
with them an uncounted number of other animals. In
fact, the slaughter has been carried forward so rap
idly that a grave danger exists of a complete exter
mination of some of the most valuable beasts of 'the
country.
ONE of the most striking illustrations of the ex
tent to which civilized man has undertaken a
supervision of the entire globe is to be found
in a recent conference in London held for the purpose
of devising an international agreement for the pro
tcction of the big game of Central Africa. The white
race, while seemingly indifferent about the preserva
tion of the weaker tribes of human beings, and indeeil
not unwilling to enter upon the task of thinning out
even so big a tribe as the Chinese, has developed a
keen sense of the desirability of conserving big game,
and the free shooting of elephants, hippopotami and
rhinoceroses in African jungles is to be stopped.
AN AFRICAN GAME PRESERVE.
The Supreme Court is so far behind in
its work that It takes from two to three
years to get a case determined after it is
appealed.
Tfc-s condition of affairs is neither Just
n>-r profitable. Our constitution guaran
tees to all persons charged with crime tho
right to a speedy trial, yet our jails are
full of men waiting for the Supreme Court
to reuch their cases. These men are
compelled to wait a long time for what
the constitution says they shall have
speedily. They contract disease and their
keeping is an expense to the counties.
Civil matters are in a still worse condi
tion, because the courts give precedence
to criminal matters.
A constitution is an. instrument of gov
ernment. Like other laws it should be
amended when necessary to keep
pace with the advancement of the
State No one would contend that
a private business requiring sixteen
clerks should run with eight, and the peo
ple will not try to handle the litigation of
1,009 000 persons with courts provided for
SOO.OOO.
Thomas Jefferson once said: 'Some men
look at constitutions with sanctimonious
reverence and deem them like the ark
of the covenant — too sacred to be touched.
They ascribe to the men of the preceding
ajjea wisdom more than human, and sup
pose what they did to bo beyond amend
ment. • • ? But I know also that laws
and institutions must go hand in hand
with the progress of the human mind.
We might as well require a man to wear
still thn coat which fitted him when a boy
as civilized society to remain ever under
the regimen- of their ancestors." .
1 It is proposed by the amendment to the
constitution to Increase the courts by
abolishing two of the seven Justices of the
Supreme Court, thus leaving five on the
Supreme- 1 bench, and establishing 1 three
district courts of appeal — one at San
Francisco, comprising the counties near
San Francisco Hay;. one at Sacramento,
comprising counties adjacent to Sacra
mento and north; and one at Los Angeles,
comprising the southern counties of the
State.
In each, of these Distiict Courts of Ap
peal there will be three Justices. As soon
as this constitutional amendment is car
ried and the courts established it is 'pro
vided In the amemlmcnt that the present
Supreme Court shall transfer to the Dis
trict Courts of Appeal all cases In their
respective districts now waiting to be
heard and thus the pressure- will be imme
diately removed and the Judicial machin
ery of the great State of California will
move in concert with her commercial and
business interests.
It is false economy to get along with
out sufficient courts. Any department of
public or private business must have suf
ficient force to perform the work of that
department.
You say in your editorial: "Each of -the
Appellate Courts is to consist of three
Judges, making nine in all; each will have
the officers usual to such tribunals; each
will have Its array of' clerks, stenogra
phers and other employes of the kind, and
all of these will have to be provided with
salaries at the expenso of tho taxpayers.
Why should that additional burdon be
imposed upon the people? What public
purpose will the new courts serve so bene
ficial as to compensate for the cost of
their maintenance? Why should we In
crease taxes merely to pay for something
we do not need?"
Now, as n matter of fact, the Appellate
Court of this State Is the least expensive
tribunal in the State when you consider
tho ability of the men employed and the
importance of their work. The expense-*
of the Supreme Court are small compared
to the expenses of the executive and leg
islative department?. It is safe to say
that the additional expense would not ex
ceed the expenses of keeping criminals
in jail waiting for their cases to be
heard, as- is done now, and the saving to
commercial interests by being able, to get
prompt decisions. •
-Your chief objection seems to be that
the Judges for the first two years are to
be appointed by the Governor.
. Th* Call fdsQ seems to think that Gov-
Since 1S79 many counties have been di
vided and the number of Superior Judges
has been greatly increased. Yet we have
tho same number of Supreme Court Jus
tices that we had in 1S73.
Since the present constitution was
adopted in 1S79 the population of Califor
nia has nearly doubled. ' In 1S79 it had
about SOO.OOO people; now it probably has
between 1,500,000 and 1,600,000. Its business
and litigation have also greatly increased
in volume.
I do not agree with the sentiments of
that editorial; on the other hand, I think
the amendment should be carried.
Editor of The Call: In your paper of
Sunday, October 14, 1900. you published an
editorial entitled "The Appellate Court
Scheme," in which you oppose the adop
tion of the : proposed amendment No. . 22
to the constitution of this State creating
"District Courts of Appeal."
ernor Caere would let the corrupt powers
In the State name the Judges. It la suit!
cient to pay that "corrupt powers" do not
rule the people of Calilornia, their Gov
ernor or any other deoartment of" their
State government. Such an intimation is
too absurd to be used. 'to defeat -a. good
amendment to thq constitution, i- V
The. appointees are qnly to serve ontll
the next , election. , ThQ jconatitution has
always provided that the executive should
iul vacancies in the Supreme and Superior
Judgships. Whenever the Legislature has
created a new Superior judgeship It ha*
always provided that a Judge should be
appointed by the Governor to serve till
the next election.
Would The Call have the State put to
the expense of a new election over*' the
entire State to choose these Judges?
Governors in the past have appointed
many Judges to fill vacancies and no
complaint has ever been made at the se
lections. The President of the United
States appoints all the United States
Judpes and they hold for life and tho
Lnited States Judiciary stands fully as
high as that of the States, which is elect
ive. Respectfully,
_ "W. W. MIDDLECOFF.
Stockton. Oct. 13. 1900.
THAT APPELLATE COURT
AMENDMENT.
If it is possible to legislate against this practice of
sending charity patients to this city from interior
towns and cities measures should be taken at once to
draw a bill and submit it to the coming Legislature.
Xot only is the custom an unjust one, but it entails
great suffering and privation upon the miserable sub
jects of it. \
There ought to be a sufficient charity in every town
in California to permanently care for ?uch persons as
Mrs. Schneider, whose case certainly appeals to the
hardest heart. To send such a woman to San Fran
cisco, where the climate is particularly inimical to her
disease, is little less than an outrage, to say nothing
of the motive cf it.
Arriving here she .ind her three children at once
became a burden upon the first locality in which she
paused. Within three days her scanty funds were ex
hausted, and the dying mother, surrounded by her
miserable offspring, was taken in charge by her neigh
bor?, and in this condition was found by the news
paper reporter?.
Mrs. Schneider came here in a dying condition.
She and her three children were sent from an Eastern
city to Los Angeles in the hope that the clirqate down
there would alleviate the lung disease with which she
is afflicted. But the people to whom she. was con
signed in the Orange City held a contrary opinion
with reference to the probable effect of climate
upon her disease, and they promptly raised a purse
with which tn scud hti to San Francisco.
Th:« r'.iTe did' not, however, operate satisfactorily.
A number of miserable individuals were turned into
the streets ttr.der it, and in consequence the Board of
Health and the superintendent physician of the
County Hospital came in for a round rib roast in the
daily papers. The fact that destitute sick persons
shipped from the interior to the city were compelled
to take up their residence in the streets, moreover,
did not seem to disturb the authorities of the offend
ing interior towns and cities referred to.
It is the practice not only of interior citizens but of
interior Boards of Supervisors and Common Coun
cils to ship all destitute people coming their way to
San Francisco. A few years ago this practice be
cause so pronounced in the cases of destitute sick that
the local Board of Health adopted a rule providing
tl;at no one who had not resided in San Francisco
for thirty days should be admitted to the County Hos
pital.
have come to light d-.iring the past few years.
THE case of Mr;. Schneider, who arrived hert
from Los Angeles with her three helpless chil
dren a fevi- days aero, and who ever since has
been a charge upon the bounty V charitable strangers,
:>j only one of a large number of similar cases which
fl BAD PRACTICE.
Considering the great questions at Is
sue I can see only one duty, and that is
to support those pledged to sound money,
good government and human progress.
OWEN' SCOTT.
Decatur, 111.. Oct. 10. 1900.
Bryan's sincerity Is blameless, but dan
gerous on his platform. Stevenson Is a
courteous gentleman of the old Kentucky
school. He is honorable and pure in his
motives, but would be, as any Vice Pres
ident must be, a mere presiding officer of
the Senate, with Ices power in his whole
body than the Speaker of the House of
Representatives has in his little flnser.
and determined to do the right as he sees
it. A resolute man with a rugged con
science and a false foundation is the most
dangerous. Those who know Bryan per
sonally as I do respect his purity of pri
vate character, but fear his unbending
determination to carry his purpose Into
execution. If elected he would have free
silver. If by moving heaven and earth he
could secure it. He would carry out
every plank in the Chicago platform if he
had the power. Ha would organize a
Cabinet which would construe the laws
according to his notions. Altgeld as Sec
retary of the Treasury, Tillman as At
torney General, Jones as Secretary of
State, George Fred "Williams as Secre
tary of the Interior, Jerry Simpson as
Secretary of Agriculture, with others of
like views, would make sad havoc of the
affairs of the country for four years.
ILLINOIS DEMOCRAT WHO
DECLARES FOR PARTY OF
GOOD GOVERNMENT.
That report from the highest official source ought
to put an end to most of the lurid stories told by the
Bryanites of the effect of- American "imperialism"
upon the people.' It has been stated that we" have
made enemies where we should have made friends,
that the Porto Ricans are growing more and more
hostile to the flag and the military government, that
we shall have to maintain indefinitely r in the island
an army large enough to hold a sullen and antago
nistic people in submission. Such stories are clearly
campaign ammunition for party use and will die out
when Bryanism dies next November, but just the same
it is gratifying to have them refuted at once. " Porto
Rico is all right.
Of the ability of the natives to form an effective
force for the protection of the island, it is said the ex
periment of utilizing the natives as soldiers has proved
a marked success, judging from the appearance of the
organization as it was seen on parade, review, and in
camp. While there has been no test of the nerve and
courage of the natives in battle, yet General Davis
expressed a belief that they would prove satisfactory-
Other statements in the report are to the effect
that during the year over 30,000,000 pounds of relief
supplies have been distributed by the quartermaster's
department. It lias been found impracticable to use
the native cattle for subsistence, and the refrigerated
beef from this country has been generally acceptable.
The cost of the relief supplies in aid of the hurricane
sufferers was $824,828. In the local elections General
Davis says there was never present at or near a
voting place an armed -soldier, and "the bayonet was
conspicuous by its absence."
General Davis says the prospects of the government
of the island are excellent, and that as soon as the or
ganization of the civil government is completed and
the administrative machinery is in working order
tbere will be no necessity to retain in the island so
large a force as at present. He estimates that the gar
rison can be reduced to thirteen companies, and an
even greater reduction could be made should it be
deemed advisable, though he himself thinks it would
not be wise to limit the garrison to a force just suf
ficient to take care of the guns at San Juan. He
points out that Porto Rico, in the future as in the
past, will have a considerable military importance. It
was three times attacked by the British and once
taken by them. The strategic value of the island
which led to those attacks has not been diminished,
and the place should be at all times carefully guarded.
SO many wild stories have been. sent from Porto
Rico of late, most of them colored arid distorted
by partisanship, that it is gratifying, to have .the
salient features of the situation presented from an in
dependent standpoint by one who speaks with knowl
edge and with authority. ; Such a' presentation is con
tained in the recently published report of General
George W.. Davis, commanding "the Department of
Porto Rico.
AFFAIRS IN PORTO RICO.
SATURDAY .OCTOBER 20, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address A!l Communication* to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
lUVAGFR'S OFFICE. Telephone- Prf«« 2O1
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third. S. P.
Telephone Trenw 2O1.
EDITORIAL IIOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone 1'rfM 202.
Delivered l»j- Cnrrlern. 1R Cent* Per Weelc
Sfncle Coplm. n Cents.
Term* by Mall. Inclndins: I'mtnce:
PAII.Y CAM, (including Pun.lsy), one year ."..$6.0
PAILY CALL (Including Sunday). C months J-W
DAILY CALL <lnr!udinsr Sunday). 3 months 1-60
PAILY CAIJ.-By Finp'e Month «5c
ECXPAT CALL. One Tear 1-M
WITEKLT CALL. One Year LOO
All post ntaivt ern ni~t* ntsffaorfzed to rrrcl ve
onbnrrlptlonit. ¦.
f-atrple copies r.ill be forwarder when requested.
MaJI subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both XKW AXD OLD ADDRESS In order
to impure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE 1118 Droadtray
GEORGC C. KIIOGVESS,
Vanager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Euilding, Chicago.
tLenr Distance Telephone "Central 2615.")
N*ETV TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTOV Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Wajiiorf-Aftcria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO XEWS STANDS:
Fhernaan Hous»; P. O. Nptts Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
U'ASHIVGTOX fl». C> OFFICE. . . . I4O« (i St., !f« W.
JIOKTOX E. niA.VE, Correnpondent.
BRAXCII OFFICES — -JT, Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
cntil 9:30 o'clock. 300 Ilayee. open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until S:30 o'clock. 6:5 Larkln, op»n until
f :36 o'clock. JS41 SOesfon. open until 10 o'clock. 22*1 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until i o'clock. 1C?6 Valencia, open
vnti! S o'clock. 1PC Eleventh, open until J o'clock. NW, cor
ner T»->w»--wyril and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
FORMER DEMOCRATIC CONGRESSMAN
WITHDRAWS FROM HIS PARTY.
Hon. Owen Scott of Illinois Turns Against the
Aggregation Now Wearing Democ
racy's Label.
f CONSIDERABLE surprise has been
/ occasioned In Illinois by ther an-
I nouncement by the Hon. Owen
V Scott, a lifelong Democrat and
former member of Congress, of his
withdrawal from that. party and his de
termination to support the party of sound
money and good government. Mr. Scott
gives his reasons for deserting the Dem
ocracy In the following. statement:
Editor San Francisco Call: The Bryan
men are a party of negation. They have
but one positive opinion: They were
forced by their leader to declare for 16
to 1. And yet on this they discounted
their standing by resolving that another
is the paramount issue. On all other pub
lic questions they are simply "agin the
Government." They stand around and
wait to see which sfde the Republicans
take, and then take the other. They snarl
and find fault. They do not start out
with an affirmative policy, but undertake
to pull down those who go ahead to do
something. The aggregation now wear
ing the Democratic label Is a make-up
of every ism and faction which for twen
ty-seven years has had a grievance. Such
a motley combination is not Democratic.
No one can exactly tell what It is. Stev
enson came as near guessing It when he
called them "Bryan men" as any one did.
The Republicans are aggressive and pro
gressive, and the party is a world party.
The Kansas City platform is the Chi
cago platform with emphasis and varia
tions. Free silver, hostility to the courts,
the denial of the right of the President
of the United States to enforce Federal
laws without consulting Governor Altgeld
are some of the glittering jewels of wis
dom that are put forth as the fafth of
Democracy. It is not strange that men
who were reared as Democrats and
learned their patriotism from the great
Democrats of the past cannot b© de
livered to the Democratlc-Populistic-SIl
ver Republican party.
There. Is an effort to shift the issues.
The Bilver question and the Chicago plat
form are to be obscured by declaring that
some convenient stalking horse is the
paramount Issue. The scarecrow of
imperialism has been set up to ob
scure the real and fundamental doc
trines of Bryanism. The gold standard le
the world standard. The insane policy of
coining fifty cents' worth of silver bul
lion from the silver-mine owner and giv
ing him a coin stamped $1 and a legal
tender for that sum is advocated as the
future policy of Bryan as President-
There is but one issue, paramount or
otherwise, in this campaign. . That is the
maintenance of a sound monetary system.
On this the Republican party is all right
and the sllvercrat party, or "Bryan men"
Are all wrong. As to the personality of the
candidates it may be said that they are
all honorable men. Bryan. Is conscientious
pi; ACTS disclosed by The, Call yesterday in rela-
I tion to the passage of a bill by the last Legisla
- > J : tare making it a misdemeanor to willfully and
maliciously cut or break any oil pipe line in this State
recall public attention once more to one of the gravest
evils that affect our legislative system. The bill in
question was not only an honest one, but was a desir
able addition to our laws, and yet to promote its pas
sage the advocate of the measure, Captain Frank Bar
rett of Palo Alto, was told by his attorney, Elwood
Bruner of Sacramento, that it would be necessary for
! him to pay $200 in addition to the $50 which Mr.
i Bruner asked as his own fee for drawing the bill.
The object for which Captain Barrett understood
the $200 was to be used is thus set forth by him:
"I employed Elwood Bruner Esq. as attorney to pre
pare a bill for the protection of oil pipe lines, for
which I paid him $50. Within a day or two Mr.
Bruner informed me that there. were so many bills
ahead of mine that it would be impossible to have it
passed unless I would employ : — , chairman of
Judiciary Committee, and Dibble, who was chairman
cf Committee on Rules, and each one would charge
$100. Acting on his advice I gave Mr. Bruner my
check for the amount to pay them. I received several
communications from Mr. Bruner subsequent to my ;
giving the check, both by wire and by mail, asking'
for more money, but I did not respond."
When requested by a representative of The Call to
make a public statement of his relation to the affair,
Bruner replied, "I authorize you to. say that I did not;
pay Dibble a dollar and did not tell Captain Barrett
that Dibble would charge $100." In considering that
reply the public will bear in mind that Dibble in the
past has defended Bruner when Bruner was hi
trouble, and, moreover, that Mr. Bruner as an attor
ney doubtless holds that his proceedings with respect
to the bill are to be kept under the veil of "profes
sional secrecy."
Confirmation is given to the statement of Captain
Barrett by the record of the Assembly and the Sea
ate, both of which show that the measure was ad
vanced for a time quite rapidly, taking precedence of
many bills that were on file before it. The speed was
such that the bill, read for the first time in the Assem
bly on February 3 and sent to committee on the 7th,
was returned from the committee on' February 16 with
the recommendation, "Do pass."
After making its way through the Senate with an
equal speed the bill went to the Governor, who pock
eted it, for reasons best known to himself.
Such is the story of this bill so far as known. The
charge it brings against Dibble will not surprise the
public. For a long time Dibble has been known as
"a smart man in politics and a crooked one." Hardly
any scandal has been exposed in the Legislature sine-
Dibble first entered that body without .showing him
either in the middle of it or under the shadow of it.
He has been in politics a long time, he knows all the
tortuous paths of its darkest recesses, he is acquainted
with all the tricks by which men may be corrupted,
he* thoroughly understands the nice distinction be
tween taking a fee as a lawyer to promote the passage
of a bill and taking a bribe as a legislator. By rea
son of that knowledge, accompanied with a habit of
making an unscrupulous use of it, he has become one
of the most dangerous of the evil personal influences
iti our politics.
We present the story to the public as one of interest
pertinent to the campaign now going on for the elec
tion of an Assemblyman in the Forty-first District.
Dibble, with all his scandals hovering about him, is
a candidate for re-election in that district. He seeks
to be chosen again as a representative of a con
stituency he has frequently betrayed, and of a party
whose confidence he lies abused. There is hardly any
form of legislative wrongdoing of which the public
has not good grounds for a moral conviction of- his
gtiilt, and his escape from legal conviction has been
due solely to his possession of a cunning equal to his
audacity and his falseness.
It rests with the voters of the Forty-first Assem
bly District to decide whether they will tolerate such
a man as their representative in the Legislature of the
State. They have the chdice of electing a young man
of good family and of known honor as well as ability,
or of electing again this man against whom a ne.v
scandal has arisen in addition to the many of .the past.
We can hardly believe good citizens will have any
hesitation in'making choice between such opponents.
The defeat of Dibble will rid. the Republican party of
•one of the worst leeches that ever fastened upon it,
and save the State Legislature from an influence that
has done almost everything to degrade it and nothing
to honor it.
EXTORTION IN THE LEGISLATURE.
BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS— F. W.
X., City. In the charter of tho city and
county of San Francisco page 51 and fol
lowing, to be seen at the Free Public Li
brary, you will rind defined the powers
and duties of the Hoard cf Public Works
The board does not control liolden Gats
Park. "All the wharves, water front and
harbor of San Francisco, which now be
long or may hereafter belong to tho cltv
and county, or over which it may at any
time lawfully exercirfe Jurisdiction a. id
control, shall be under the manafemont
and control of the Board of Sup? rvisora.
All said wharves shall be built and re
paired by the Board of Public Works '
This does not apply to the wharves under
control of the State Board of Harbor
Commissioners. '.» <
FREE DELIVERY— J.. Modesto, Cal.
The following is the mode of procedure
to secure free postal delivery: "Applica
tion for the establishment of the carrier
system must be made to the Postmaster
General, through tne First Assistant Post
master General. Free I>ellvery Division,
and must state the name of the postofflcp,
the population of the city, village or bor
ough, according to the last general cen
sus, taken by authority of the State or
United States iaw; the gross revenue of
the postofflce lor the preceding fiscal
year, the condition of the sidewalk.*,
whether the names of the streets and
ndmbers are posted up and the city prop
erly lighted." The application may be
made by tho postmaster, by petition of
citizens or by the municipal authorities.
ST. KITTS— Theo.. City. The popula
tion of the British Island of St. Kitta.
West Indies, is composed of Enslls'n
Portuguese and negroes. It numbers dn> -
900.
BRYAN IN' SAX FRAN'CISCO— William
J. Bryan did not speak in Metro
politan Temple In San Francisco, prior to
his nomination for the Presidency In 1S3G.
A TOAST— Subscriber. City. You can
obtain the words of the toast to woman
In a "Suit of Sable" by procuring a cop.«.
of the play.
MODERN WOODMEX-H. S., City. The
Modern Woodmen of the "World have no
headquarters In San Francisco.
BAXOOR NEWS— Our high school an.]
seminary graduates know all abou: tn- 1
history of Graece and Rome, but , their
acquaintance ,wlth the United States 1*
very limited.' They can handle btro
mials and auadraiics as easily as ttiey
can a football, while not one In s.'x
fa? able to ascertain the number of cords
In a pi!? of wood. Our studies are ton
heavy with information that Is of little
practical use. The "metrles" and
"ologies" sound first rate, though their
utility is in many cases very doubtful
It is about time to come down to studies
that still hold human interest. Let us par
more attention to the three R'a — Reading
¦Riting and 'Rlthmetic.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
DALLAS NEWS— The South, the very
country which has so long depended upon
the price-makers and money-lenders of
other lands, is a country of all others
which really pof«p^s.-s most of thr. ele
ments and adrantasea which go to make
a people setf-^ustair.ir.g and independent.
"When the reources of this portion of the
world are fairly developed there is no
reason to doubt that it wiil become one
of the most prosperous portions of the
earth's surface.
NEW YORK MAIL AND EXPRESS-If
there were wanting any additional rea
sons why "William Jennings Bryan should
be overwhelmingly defeated they are be
ins supplied In these closing weeks of the
campaign by Bryan himself. For even
those citizens who. while not indorsing*
his financial vagaries, have regarded him
as honest and sincere, must be shocked
and disgusted by the coarse demagogy of
his recent public utterances.
MILWAUKEE The "bis
trees" have not increased their rang*>
bine© thp glacial period, but have'hel.l
their own on a small strip of the Pacific
slope. This assertion by the forester of
the Department of Agriculture will in
crease the reverence of tourists generally
for the gigantic trees which are amorg
the attractions of California: and It ought
to prompt the State to throw every possi
ble safeguard around the grand relics of
the pre-glacial period.
INDIANAPOLIS NKWS— General Har
rison stands for the gold standard, the
national honor and credit, business secur
ity, an upright and independent judiciary,
a Government strong enough to maintain
order and enforce the law — an;l so, of
course. .he is against Bryan. His arivicn
will have large influence with the people
of Indiana, for they have the greatest re
spect for the ex-President and the utmost
confidence in his sincerity.
NrTW YORK COMMERCIAL ADVER
TISER—Why is it that the teachings of
the anti-imperialists have failed to influ
ence even their own former associates?
Simply because they have pnssed beyorvl
the bounds cf reason In tlieir hatred of
the President. They have in fact Invent
ed a McKinley who does not exist, and
they hcv« tried In vain to make the people
take him for the real McKinlty.
CHICAGO CHRONICLE— A political
leader is likely to serve his own causa
best by conserving his energy and con
tain* it to a certain moderate number of
deliberate and carefully consider*- 1
speeches delivered at the great centers (
population and communication, and each
devoted mainly to some one subject or
some special phase of the Issues involwd
In the contest. .
MILWAUKEE WISCONSIN— The peo
ple of "Wisconsin have reason to fee!
proud of the ship which bears the nam>
of their (treat commonwealth; but they
will patriotically stand ready to pass th
broom over to the next battleship which
Uncle Sam builds.
ATLANTA CONSTITUTION*— For thir
ty-flve years, v.-ith every advantage of
Government interest and subsidy. Eng
land has endeavored to build up new cot
ton fields, with the result that there ;3
more demand than ever to-day for Ameri
can cotton.
NEW YORK POST— Tt Is of little u:>e
for the Brranltea to talk about imperial
ism beinp the paramount Issue so Ions a-i
their, actions push the financial question
to the front whenever there is a conflict
between them.
CHICAGO JOrRNALr-Mr. Harrison
has set forth plainly; the reason why Wl!
llan McKinley will l>e chosen to serve ihj
country for another term. The people
trust him. They fear Bryan and they f-:ir
his associates.
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
. Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
Can any intelligent man doubt the truth of those
words? In the Southern wing of the Democratic
party there is an almost unanimous sentiment in favor
of imperialism, as it is called. Those imperialists hav
no respect for the rights of either brown or black
men. To accomplish the suppression of .the negro
vote in the; South they are willing to- combine with
free silver men or Populists or any other party that
will act with them. There have been many blind fools
in American politics at various periods, but ;the sin
cere opponents of imperialism . who vote for Bryan,
will be about the blindest of the lot;
Tammany Hall, intent on spoils and jobs and patron
age, in earnest and meaning business. All these must
be listened to and will be. Mr. Boutwell and Mr.
Schurz and the anti-imperialists will have served their"
purpose. They will have nothing more to do. They
have made good bait. The Democratic fishermen
will have done with them and will throw them back,
stiff and half dead, into the sea." I
..THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1900.
WASHINGTON. -Oct. 19.-Mr. and' Mrs
Fred B. Harght of San Francisco are at
the Shoreham,
CAUFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
Henry C. Dibble ought to be an authority on the
market price of votes in the Assembly, but" it does
seem that $100 is rather small even for Dibble/ • ...
6
Special Information supplied da!ly ;.-»
business houses and public men by t?io
Presa Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 513 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Jftaln ltMX .".*
Hailstones bfRin their fall as drops of
rain. These Ret frozen into ice by cross-
ins a cold current of air on their way
down.
Are you prepared to stand the severity of win-
ter? DR. SIEGERT8 Angostura Bitter* buiM
up the system, vitalize tae blood anJ prevent
ilMUi
Townsend's California srJace fruits. 50c
a pound, in flre-etche<1 boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. 62) Market, Palace Hotel building.*
Icecream chocolates. Boston mints, ala-
curaa. Townsenrl's. 629 Market street. •
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Town?end's.»
Splendid Cal. Rlace cherries. Towrsond'a.*
Peanut crisps. Townscnd's.
AUCTION SALES.
By n. Cohn— This day. at 11 o'clock. Furniture, et 1167 Mar-
ket ftrt*t.
John L. Sullivan will have •
something to say about tho *
future of prias fighting ia the •
Sunday Call of October 21. j
His remarks are straightfor- - ;
ward and to ths point. Very *
interesting in view of recent •
events in the fistic -world.
Oix-heum — Vaudeville.
<Jr»nd ODera-house — "Tlie Ensign."
Alcazar— -'The Corsican Brothers."
«3olu:i:b:a— "Quo Va<5ls=."
Tlvoli— "The Jewess."
Alhambra— "The Man From Mexico."
CVlilnraia — "A Hindoo Hoodoo."
Otymi'Ja. corner Ma^on and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chute?. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ev?:iirg.
Fischer's— Vau'levlil*.
Sutro Ilaths — <Ji*»n nights.
Turn V>T»»:n Hall — Grand nail to-night.OAKDALE.
STANISLAUS RIVER AT
S'E RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
TUOLUM>
TO SAIL.
Time Ball. .
Branch Hydrosrapnlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' .Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 19. 1900.
The time ball on .the tower.of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
i
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of ; High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. . <•-.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-Btreet wharf) about twenty.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
denied th"e»applicatlon of the San Fran
cisco Construction Company for permis
slon»to construct granite curbs on Bel
cher street/between Thirteenth and Four
teenth, and to pave the roadway thereof
with bituminous rock. The charge that
the signatures of two ladies on the peti
tion had been forged was proved ground
less, the names having been signed by
the husbands of the ladles. The petition
of the Point Lobos Improvement Club
that the sidewalks on Clement street be
narrowed was taken under advisement.
Nine new arc lights were recommended
for certain sections in the Richmond dis
trict. The City Street Improvement Com
pany's application for permission to pave
one block in the city with asphalt as an
experiment to show its superiority over
bitumen was taken under consideration.
Board of Public Works.
Judges Cook, Lawlor and Dunne sat
in bank in Judge Lawlor's court in the
Hall of Justice yesterday to hear argu
ments on appeal cases from the Police
Courts and to give decisions on cases al
ready heard.
The case of Simon A. Hussey, an ex
pressman, who was convicted and fined
by Judge Cabaniss for refusing to pay a
license for soliciting custom at the ferry
on the ground that he had already paid
a license as an expressman, was decided
in favor of Hussey.
L.. Bragamonte was convicted by Judge
Fritz on the charge of carrying a con
cealed weapon and fined.- He had a
stiletto in his possession. The appeal was
taken on the ground that the defendant,
a took on a local steamer, was a traveler
and the burden of proof that he was not
lay upon the prosecution and not the de
fendant. The point was considered weii
taken and the judgment of the lower
court wa3 reversed.
Mary Cunningham, a married woman
l'vlng at Twenty-third and Diamond
streets, who terrorized her neighbors, wu3
convicted by Judge Cabaniss on the
charge of disturbing the peace and fined.
The judgment of the lower court was af
firmed, s.
SUPERIOR JUDGES PASS
ON POLICE COURT CASES
Judgments in , Several Affirmed and
One Reversed by Cook, Lawlor
and Dunne.
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERNDON.
CHAUCER. \^
From a print In the Ellesmerr .
Manuscript of the "Canterbury v
Tales."
first of Englishmen to write with his eye
upon the object and he sketched not only
the externals but he saw to the heart of
things. He was keenly alive to the ludi
crous. He Is sometimes coarse and unpre
sentable, but ha never falls to make us see
beneath the ludicrous exterior the true
state of things- His Jolly pictures of tha
monk and friar and pardoner, for In
stance, at first arouse only a gentle merri
ment, but at length It dawns upon us. as
Chaucer skillfully intends it shall, what a
shame these men were to their profes
sions. Take, for instance, the picture- of
the mar:
"He was an easy man to giv» a penanca.
Because ha wished to gain a good plitane*.
For unto a poor order to have given
Is a sign that a man has been well shriven.
And if ht rave, he dared to make avaunt.
He knew at once the man was penitent.
For many a man ao hard h« la of heart
He cannot weep though he> may sorely smart.
Therefore Instead of weeping and cl prayera
Let him give silver to the poor friars."
What a delightful rill of genial and
sparkling humor flows through the nun's
tale of the Cock and the Fox! Don Chan
ticleer and PerteloTe, hi3 wife, are
sketched with a master hand. The talo
begins with a dream from which Chanti
cleer awakes In horror.
"E*r God, I dreamed that I was in such a
alight
Just .how that even now my heart is sore
arrald.
I dreamed how that I roamed up and down
Within our yard when I beheld a beast
Like to a dogr. who would have made arrest
Upon my body and would have made me dead.
• • ¦ • • • ¦ •
Away! quoth she, fle on you, craven one!
Alas! quoth she. for by that God above
Now have you lost my heart and all my lova;
I cannot love a coward by my faith.
How durst you say for shame unto your lova
That anything might make you afraid?
Have you no man's heart and have a beard?
Alas and can ye bs aghast of dreams.
Nothing God wots but vanity is in a dream.
Dreams are engendered of repletion
Of gluttony and of humors."
But alas f<jr the dream! On a bright
March day long after the curtain lectura
had been forgotten the Cock suddenly
espied amid the weeds the object of his
terror. He was fleeing in dire haste when
the Fox gently called him and assured
him of his friendship:
"Now truly the cause of my coming
Was only for to barken how you sin?.
For truly you have as merry a voice
As any angel hath that is in heaven.
lly lord, your father. God his soul bless,
And also your mother with her irentlenesa.
Have in my house been to my great ease.
And certainly, sir. full vain would I you please.
Save you I never heard one sing
As did your father in the morning."
To make his voice more clear It was his
custom, declared the Fox, to shut hard
his eyes and stretch out his neck to its
full extent. The Cock, ravished by this
flatterj'. tried to crow In the manner of
his father and waa instantly seized and
carried away.
"O destiny, that may not be eschewed. "-'• :
Alas that Chanticleer flew from the beams!
Alas that his wif« recked nothing for bit
dream*!
And on a Friday happened all this ill."
Confusion at once broke loose.
i "Certes. such cry nor lamentation
Was never of ladles made when Illon wu won.
, But chiefly dame Pertelcte did shriek
Full louder than d!l Hasdrubale's wife
When that her husband had lost, his life."
The owner of the hens and her daugh
ters, startled by the tearful cry, add to
the din with:
•'Out*, harrowt and wellaway!
Ha. ha. the fox! and alter him they ran.
And al«o with staves many another man.
Ran Cotte. our do?, and Talbct and Gerland.
And Malkln. with a distaf in her hand;
Ran cow and calf and also even the hogs
They ware so frightened at the barking dogs
And shouting of the men and women, too.
They yelled as fiends and devils do In hell;
The ducks squalled out as If they'd come to kill.
The geese for fear flew far above the trees:
Out r»f the hive poured al! the swarm of bees.
So hideous was the noise, ah! benedlclte!
Certes Jack Straw and all his train
Made never shouts one-hal.' so shrill
When that they would a Fleming kill
As that day was made upon the fox.
Of brass they brought trumpets and of box.
Of horn, of bone, on which they blew amain
It seemed as U the heavens woeld fall."
A little presence of mind on the part o\
the Cock ends the tale. At his advice tho^
Fox opens his mouth to rail at his noisy
pursuers, and the lucky fowl flies quickly
to a tree, from which no argument can
dislodge him.
The main charm of this simple tale, of
which I have. given only th» baldest of
outlines, lies In Us genuine humor. It la
not barnyard fowls that we see, but hu
manity with its petty erudition, its fears,
its superstitions. Its vanity. There Is no
bitterness; there are few bursts of reaM
wit. but through It all and over It all 7
spreads and quivers the lambent gleam of
a true- humor that cannot be caught, that
cannot be analyzed. All of Chaucer's tales
have this rare qualification. He was th©
first great English humorist and his
charming tales live and will live as long
as human nature . and human weakness
can move the sympathies of men.
FRED LEWIS PATTEE.
Pennsylvania State College.
Illegal Sale of Opium.
E. H. Gleason, a druggist at Clay and
Kearny streets, and Charles A. Bailey.
druggist at 227 Grant avenue, were
arrested yesterday on warrants charging
them with selling opium without a physi
cian's prescription.
Following Is a statement of ths estimated
flow of certain California rivers In cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one etcond foot
equaling SO California miner's inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures are
from J. B. Llpplncott, hydro^rapher ol the
United States Geological Survey:
Flow of Rivers.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
dar in the order of occurrence as to time of
day. the third time column the third tide and
the last or right hand column gives the last
tide of the flay, except when there are 'but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the sounding on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height, and
then the number grlven Is subtracted from the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence is the mean of the lower low waters. .
Sun rises ; g;23
Sun sets 5:28
Moon rises 3;S9 a, m.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
GLASGOW-Salled Oct 13— Stmr Sardinian,
for New York.
MOVILLE- Sailed Oct 19— Stmr Furnessla,
from Glasgow, for New York; stmr Parisian,
from Liverpool, for Montreal.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Oct 19— Stmr Colum
bia, fram Hamburg, for New York.
NAPLES — Arrived Oct 13 — Stmr Ems. from
New York, via Gibraltar, for Genoa, and pro-
CHERBOURG— Sailed Oct 19— Stmr Columbia,
from Hamburg and Southampton, for New
BROWHEAD— Passed Oct 19— Stmr Etruria,
from New York, for Queenstown and Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 19— Stmr Werra,
from Genoa, Naples and Gibraltar.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct 17— Br ship An
dreta. for Oregon.
COLON— Arrived Oct 16— Stmr Alliance, from
New York.
Sailed Oct 16— Stmr Advance, for New York;
stmr Pioneer, for New York. V
ACAPULCO— Sailed Oct 17— Stmr City of Syd
ney, for Panama.
GUAYMAS— Sailed Oct 18— Stmr Curacao, for
San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Sept J-Br ship
Falkland, for San Diego. Sept 4-Br ship Peri
cles, for San Francisco; Br ship Cawdor, for
San Francisco. SeDt 7 — Ship Kennebec. for
Honolulu; schr Golden Shore, for Honolulu.
Bept 12— Br ship Sokoto. for San Francisco.
Sept 19— Br ship Thlstlebank. for San Fran
clscc. Sept -21— Br bark Invercoe, for San
Francleco.
Ready f6r sea Sept 25— Br ship Drumburton,
for San Francisco.
In port Bert 25— Ger bark Anna, for San
Francisco; Br ship Celtlcburn, ror San Fran
cisco; Fr bark Comandant Merchant, for San
Francisco: Br ship Ditton. for San Francisco;
Nesmlth. for Honolulu: Br ship Port Crawford,
for San Francisco: Nor bark Prince Albert, fo^
Invermark for San Francisco; bark James
Nesmith, for Honolulu; Br ship Crawford, for
San Francisco; Nor bark Prince Albert, for
Honolulu: Ger ship Roland, for Honolulu; Fr
bark St Anne, for San Francisco: .Fr bark
Vendee, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN POUTS.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 18— Stmr Hudson,
from Colon.
Friday, October 13.
Etmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Kvichak, Nelson, Karluk.
Etmr Homer, Donaldson. Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz. ;
Etmr Protreso, Zollinc. Seattle.
Stmr W H Kruger, Krog, Tillamook.
Etmr Luella, Madsen. Caspar.
Etmr North Fork. McLellan, Eureka.
Ship Luclle, Hansen. .
Brig Harriet O, Wayland. »
Echr Albert Meyer, NleJsen. New Whatcom.
Bchr Gem, Nelson, .
RETURNED.
Friday, October 19.
Stmr City of Para, Zeeder, hence Oct IS, for
Panama, on account of machinery bslntr dis
abled.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 13, 10 p .m— Weather
thick; jwlnd west, velocity 15 miles.
* MISCELLANEOUS.
BE storm signals have been ordered from*
Ban Francisco north and south.
Fr bark Amlral Troude, from Newcastle,
NSW, for San Francisco, Is anchored In five
fathoms of water Just outside the breakers In
Point Reyes Creek. 6 p m — Vessel Is now under
¦way, ?ettlnc out under sail.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Fr bark Bourbaki, from Swansea Oct 19—
'On Oct 19, at 12 noon, while crossing the bar,
vessel struck and Is leaking slightly.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BO WENS LANDING— Sailed Oct 19— Stmr
Navarro, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct IS— Stmr
Alcatraz. from — r-.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 12— Bktn Irmgard.
hence F«j>t 24; bark Alden B«sse. hence Sept 23.
Oct 12 — Stmr Alameda, from Sydney.
Sailed Oct 11— Schr Carrier Dove, for Ban
Francisco; bark R P Rlthet, for San Francisco;
fhip Great Admiral, for Puget Sound; ship
Euterpe, for Lahalna; U S stmr Hancock, for
Manila, via Guam; bktn W H Dlmond. tor San
Francisco: Br stmr Moana, for Sydney.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Oct 13— Stmr
Dolphin, from Alaska, for Seattle.
Arrived Ocf 19— Schr Wm Henton. hence Oct
4: i«chr Orient, from San Pedro; schr Nellie
Coleman, from .
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Bertha, for
Val<ie».
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Oct 19-Bark Gen
Falrchlld. for Sydney.
ASTORIA— Barbound Oct 19— Stmrs Fulton
and Despatch.
TACOMA— Sailed Oct 13— Schr Fred J Wood.
lor Payta,
Arrived »Oct 19— Schr Salvator, from San
Pedro; schr Comet, from Port Townsend; schr
Ariel, from .
SAILED.
Chil bark Paciflco, Kruger, Antofogasta; J F
Chapman.
five minutes later than at Fort Point: t!
height of tide Is the rame at both places.
MAIL COMPANY'S CITY OF PARA RETURNING TO PORT. SHE LEFT
FOR PANAMA LAST THURSDAY, BUT HER MACHINERY BROKE
DOWN AND SHE HAD TO COME BACK FOR REPAIRS.
"How can j-ou bring fire and water
together without a hiss?"
At a certain supper of sheeps" heads a
guest was so charmed with his fare that
he threw down his knife and fork and
exclaimed: "Well, say I sheeps' heads
forever!" "There's egotism," observed
Jerrold. who was present.
It fieems to be the essence of wit to
combine discordant Ideas In an unexpect
ed manner. The pun. therefore, or play
upon words, is the most common or all
forms of wit. After reading the modern
comic papers and listening to the Jokes of
the period, one may almost agree with
the witty Erskine:
"Punning." observed a friend to him
one day, "is the lowest form of all wit."
"It is,'* answered Ersklne. "and there
fore the foundation of all wit."
Most books of Jokes and bon mots con
sist largely of puns. Many excellent ones
are on record. "When Colman waa on his
deathbed his physician apologized one
day for his lateness by eaylng that he
had been called to attend a man who had
fallen down a well. "Did he kick the
bucket?" asked the patient.
"Ah. Martin," stammered Charles
Lamb one day at the whist table, "if dirt
were trumps what a hand you'd have."
Dr. Holmes, after an experiment with
amateur photography, wrote on the back
of ht? pictures. "O. W. Holmes and sun."
It Is related of Theodore Hook that one
day, missing a plate of cold tongue from
the sideboard, he appealed to his friend
Matthews as to what he would do under
similar circumstances. "If any one should
meddle with my tongue." replied the
wag, "why. I'd lick. him.'
Wit is concentrated. The reader cries.
' "a hit, a palpable hit." but humor Is dif
fusive. There is no outburst of laughter.
There is rather an inward glow of merri
ment, kindly and genial, which lights up
the countenance and softens the heart.
Humor deals with phases of human char
acter. It paints my Uncle Toby, or Sir
Roger de Coverly. or the Stout Gentle
man keeping close to human nature and
exposing their foibles and weaknesses
and peculiarities, but never with'bitter
ness. We smile over the picture, but we
are made to feel that it is a very human
fellow creature after all that we are
viewing — one that has hopes and fears
and ambitions even as ours. There is
but the thinnest of partitions between true
humor and pathos; indeed, as one reads
the pages of such consummate masters
as Fielding and Sterne and Dickens and
Thackeray one may at times wonder
whether the tears which he finds in his
eyes have come from laughter or weep-
Whlle wit is volatile and uncertain true
humor, since it deals ever with the truths
of human nature and human weakness.
Is unvarying and perpetual. Unlike wit. It
is bard to auote — sometimes it runs a
sparkling almost unnoticed streamlet
through whole chapters and books. One
cannot put his hand upon any single sen
tence or paragraph and say "It is here.
Like the delicate perfume *f a flower, it
can be appreciated ana feltT but It cannot
be isolated and labeled. For Instance. <is
one reads the old anonymous lyric. "Phll
lada Flouts Me." he cannot help smiling,
vet is there not a esthetic side to the
picture? I can quote , but a part of the
P ° em " Oh.' what a rain Is lore!
How shall I bear it?
« She will inconstant prove.
I greatly fear it.
She »o torment" my mind
That my strength falleth.
And wavers with the wind.
As a shl? that salleth.
Please her the best I may
She loves still to gainsay;
Alack and well a day!
Phlllada flouts me.
• •<••¦
Fair maid, be not so coy.
Do Dot disdain me:
I am my mother's Joy.
Sweet, entertain me.
She'll give me. when she dies
All that 1« flttlrK—
Her ixiultry and her bees
And her geese sittine.
A pair of mattress beds
And a bag full of shreds.
And yet for all this goods,
Phlllada flouts me.
I cannot work and sleea
All at a season:
•Love wound my heart 80 deep
Without all reason.
I grin to pine away,
" With" crief and sorrow.
Like to a fatted beast
Penned In a meadow.
I shall be dead, I fear.
, Within this thcusandy year;
And all for very fear,
Phillada flouts me.
Or, again, take Holmes' "Last Leaf."
with Its mixture of playfulness and
pathos:
But now his nose is thin
And it rests upon his chin
Like a staff,
And a croo!: Is In his back V
And a melancholy crack
In his laush.
I know it 1* a sin
For me to sit and grla
At bim here.
But the old hat
And the breecnes and all that
Are so queer!
And If I should live to be
The last leaf uoon the tree
In the spring.
Let them smile as I do now
At the old forsaken bough
Where I cling.
TWs is true . humor and it can never
lose its freshness and vitality.
Wit and humdr In the best literature
are. found always together. If wit Is the
sparkle and bead upon. the surface of the
wine humor is the delicate flavor and bou
quet, which time can only improve. "Hu
[ mor Is the electric atmosphere," says
"Ah, I envy you your happiness, my
lord," was the response, "for you must
certainly live the merriest life of any
man in Europe."
"And so you've -written a farce, entitled
•Firo and Water,' " said Bannister to a
friend. "Well. I can predict its fate."
"What is it? ' eagerly asked the author.
The English and American humorists—
Instantly the names of Theodore Hook.
Tom Hood. Douglas Jerrold. Artemus
Ward. Mark Twain and others of their
kind flash "before us. Almost without ex
ception we include In this Instantaneous
Inventory only that comparatively modern
product, the professional comic writer and
wit. A secon3 thought convinces us that
the subject is far broader than this — hu
mor Is the very life blood of all literature.
Its genial current pulses in every master
piece- A list of the humorists, with few
exceptions, is a list of the masters.
The impulse to class as humorists only
the Theodore Hook variety of writers
comes from a confu3icn as to the true
nature of wit and humor. Many bottles
of ink have been expended In attempts to
elucidate the distinction between these
terms. Hazlitt, for instance, has made a
long and profound analysis which ex
hausts both the subject and the reader.
But the distinction 'is by no means an
abstruse one: wit deals only with the
intellect: humor touches also the feelings.
"Wit is unsympathetic and often cruel; it
raises a laught at the expense of another;
humor Is gentle and sympathetic. It
smiles through its tears. Wit is a succes
sion of hits; humor Is often an atmo
sphere that pervades a writing and gives
It a charm that cannot be denned. Wit
Is the sparkle of newly opened wine: noth
ing is more volatile. The Jokes that were
,wont to set the tables of our fathers on a
roar are dull enough reading to-day.
There Is no more dreary volume than an
old Joke book. Wit will not bear trans
porting. German and French Jokes sel
dom make us smile; the dullness of Punch
is proverbial among Americans.
Wit flashes and sparkles. It Is often a
rapier contest between two agile con
testants; the last stroke wins. We laugh
with the victor, but forget that the
stroke we applaud may have sunk deep
into the vanquished.
Lord Chesterfield at an Inn complained
that the dishes were dirty.
"Every one must eat his peck of dirt."
coolly observed the waiter.
"True,*' was the Instant retort, "but no
one is obliged to eat it all at one meal."
A certain conceited peer one© observed
to Charles Townsend:
""When I happen to say a foolish thing
I always burst out a-laughing."
Haweis, "wit the Cash." In many Eng
lish authors the atmosphere of dry humor
Is always present and the flash comes but
seldom: In others there is a constant cor
uscation.
It is an old saying, half true, perhaps,
that the French have wit but little hu
mor. While it would not be safe to re
verse this dictum and say that the Eng
lish have humor and little wit It is per
fectly true that the element of humor is
greater in English literature than In any
other and that the English, despite- a well
known gallery of wags, are not a nation
of wits. Wit deals with the incongruous,
its whole foundation is the illogical. Bur
the English are pre-eminently a. logical
people: there 13 a necessity upon them to
be logical. But the English are a jovial
people. John Bull Is represented as a fat
man, and when at home, with every
thing running smoothlv. he loves to laugh
long and heartily. Mis laughter Is not
always perfectly refined. He delights
often in mere buffoonery and horse play
and at times he can be- unspeakably bru
tal, but he is. above all things else, a
man who worships "the go<i-of things
as they ar»." and he sees quickly the
stratum of pathos and of common human
nature that underlies all things grotesque
and ludicrous In human character.
English humor, like English literature tn
its modern sense, may r>e said to have
commenced with Chaucer. He was the
Friday, October 19. .
Stmr Alameda, Van Oterendorp, 24 days from
Sydney, via Honolulu 6 days 14 hours.
"Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, 14 hours from
Mendoclno.
8tmr Mlneola. David, 4 days from Tacoma.
Stmr Iaqua, Bash. 2S hours from Eureka'
bound to San Diego; put In to land passengers.
Stmr Albion. ! Erickson, 20 days from Nome,
via Dutch Harbor 11 days. . ,
Etmr W H Kruger. Krog, 36 hour* from San
Pedro.
Bark Kalulani, Dabel. 171 days from New
Tork.
Fr bark Bourbaki, Le Normand, 130 days from
Swansea.
Bktn Archer, Calhoun. 19 days from Hono
lulu.
CLEARED. '
'./ Friday. October 19. *
Stmr Corona. Glelow, San Diego; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
6tmr State of California. Thomas, Astoria:
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork, McLellan, Eureka; Charles
Kelson.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Merchandise for Victoria.
The steamer Walla Walla nailed yesterday
for Victoria with a general cargo, valued at
S13.&64. manifested as follows: For Victoria,
$9744; Cincinnati, $1620; Lowell, $12,500. The
following were the principal shipments:
For Victoria—14 cs arms and ammunition. 2
cyls ammonia, 1000 lbs bran. I 6 bbls baking
powder, 4 bbls4>luestone, 3215 lbs bran. 6020 lbs
beans, 1028 lbs 4 cs chocolate, :i bdls cordage,
21S5 lbs copperas. 34 cs canned goods. 22,016 lbs
dried fruit. 13 bbls flour. 6 c» furniture, 30 cs
fuse, 847 bxs fruit. 39 cs hardware, KM ft lum
ber 37 bxs lemons. 24.RS0 lbs malt. 21 era
melons, .720 lbs mlllstuffs. 100 tins matches.
J bdls oar*. 20 ctls onions, 15 kegs olives,
Si bb'.s oil. 6 cs paint. 23 cs paper. 100
cs ra*te ' liC*5 bxs raisins, 36,000 lbs salt, 15 bxs
sweet potatoes, 60 crs terra cotta ware. 100 lbs
tobacco, 7 cs wire goods. 79c gaj s wine, 4 cs
For Cincinnati—154 bbls pickled cherries.
For Lowell. Maes—500 cs salmon.
Shipping' Merchants.
The Aloha loads merchandise for Honolulu;
the Balnbridge, lumber -at Port Blakeley for
a direct port on West Ccast.'.CTs 3d: the J. L.
Evlston, lumber at Eureka for Sydney: the
Minnie A. Calne, lumber at Tacoma for Syd
nev the St. James, lumber from Chemalnus to
Melbourne cr Adelaide. COs. prior to arrival:
the St. Nicholas, lumber from Puret Sound, to
Sydney, 60s. The following vessels have been
chartered prior to arrival to load wheat for
Europe; the Crocodile. 31s 3d; the Inverurle, re
chartered, 40a; the Osborne, 31s; the Sprlng
b .irn. 31s Sd.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The new steel bark Kalulani arrived
from New York yesterday. Captain
Dabel. who was formerly in the Aloha, is
The Fteamer North Fork yesterday took
away thirty tons of machinery for a new
woolen mill to be erected at Eureka.
Among the passengers who will leave
on the State of California this morning
will be- J. D- Farrell. president; J. G.
"Woodworth. traffic manager, and J. F.
Lawless, general auditor of the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company.
The ferry steamer bkiah went ashore
at v/hat is known as Second Cove, on
Angel Inland, last night. little damage
was done to the vessel and she was got
off at the top of high water yesterday
morning. "About $1000 will make all neces
sary repairs. " *
Water Front Notes.
The Klmball Steamship Company's Al
bion arrived from Nome via the Sound
y#»«terdav. Captain Erickson eays the
stories telegraphed about the disaster at
Dexter Point, Golofnin Bay, were grossly
exaggerated. One of the lifeboats con
taining eighteen men was coming from
the beach to the ship. A sudden squall
upset her and three of the men — Gustave
Clem. Jce Clancy and Joseph Ianoset—
started to swim for the Albion. The rest
of the crew stayed by the lifeboat.
The three swimmers soon got tired and
seeing a trunk floating along they made
for it There was nothing to told on to
and* one after another the men drowned.
Those v.-ho stayed by the lifeboat were
rescued and came tn San Francisco.
Among them was J. Marsden. president
of the Klmball Steamship Company, and
Captain W. M. Tyson, who has been to
Nome In the interests of Captain Charles
Nelson.
Steamer Albion Arrives.
The American bark Coalinga Is ready
for sea, but Captain Evans demands his
pound of flesh and It may be a week be
for the vessel gets away. He made an ar
rangement with Hunt, the shipping mas
ter, by which he was to pay J26 "blood
money" with a rebate of J7 60. Balfour.
Guthrle & Co. would not stand for the
arrangements and then there was a gen
eral kick all around. Next the Shipown
ers' Association offered to supply a crew
for $16 "bone" or "blood money." but It
cannot procure the. men, so the Coalinga
Is tied up In the stream awaiting a crew
in order to get away for Callao.
Trouble on the Coalinga.
From Auckland— Walter Bentley and valet,
O. W. Wright. Henry Lindale. Fred Repler,
William C. t?mlth. G. Hale*. T. Repler and
wife. Miss W. Inman. William Thompson, W.
Hansell. Miss I. Repler, Miss A. Currie.
From Honolulu— W. Bingeman. Mrs. O. B.
Curtis, Mrs. Edgar, Professor Koebele, T. R.
Lucas. Miss Morse. Mrs. G. H. Offley. S. G.
¦Ullder. R. C. Berkeley, Mrs. I. M. Chambers,
Mrs. H. Holmes, H. M. la Rue. J. H. Me-
LafTerty and wife, George McLeod and wife,
G. G. Sharpe, A. S. Collins, Mrs. T. S. Doug
las, G. A. Hodson, A. Loulsson, Mrs. Morse,
G. H. Offley. Mrs. Luck.
Among those who came up from Hono
lulu was G. A. Hodson, the well-known
purser of the Moana. He comes back to
enter the service of the Oceanic Steamship
Company. From here Mr. Hodson goes
t-ast to Join the Sonoma and will come
around the Horn as purser of that vessel.
When he left the Moana at Honolulu Mr.
Hodson was presented with one of the
prettiest illuminated addresses ever got
up on a passenger ship. The address
was accompanied by a purse of sovereigns
and the hearty good wishes of all aboard
the mall boat.
Miss Weppener, Miss Dulcle Mann, A. Scott
and wife, John Spalckhauer.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mall
boat Alameda arrived on time yesterday
morning, as usual. She was only de
tained an hour or so in quarantine by Dr.
Klnyoun, and reached her dock about 1
p. m. The voyage was an uneventful one
end those aboard had a pleasant trip.
The cabin passengers were:
From Sydney— D. Erskine, Mrs. Reynolds, P.
B. Mann, Mi** Crickett. Dr. J. Mills and wife,
W. Bottomley and wife. A. Knowles, wife and
maid, F. B. Mann Jr.. William Sherer, Jr.,
Boat Alameda Arrives on Time.
Oceanic Steamship Company's Mail
HAS A PLEASANT VOYAGE,
The French ship Bourbaki while making
port yesterday struck on the bar. She
was from Swansea with a cargo of coal,
and during the shifting squalls an order
given by the pilot was not obeyed and In
consequence the vessel struck. Little or
no damage was done and the Bourbaki
came along as though nothing had hap
pened.
' The French bark Amlral Froude. from
Newcastle, Australia, was also In trouble.
She ran close Inshore during the fog and
Captain Mace was compelled to drop an
chor In the breakers outside of Point
Reyesv Creek. She hung there for quite
a while, but finally the land breeze and a
tug took her out of danger.
order- to make her seaworthy a
wooden shoe had to be put on. This re
quired a week or more In the drydock and
a considerable expenditure of money.
Her machinery was also overhauled and
when sha sailed for Panama and way
ports last Thursday at noon everybody
thought she was all right. There was
something wrong somewhere, however, as
yesterday afternoon the City of Para
came back through the storm with her
"machinery disabled." She will be over
hauled once again and may get away on
her voyage to-morrow.
THE Pacific Mail Company's City
of Para Is again in trouble. "When
last In Central American- watery
her stem became so pitted that In
Bad Luck Follows the Pacific Mail Company's Steamer.
French»Ship Bourbaki Goes on the Bar.
CITY OF PARA BACK IN PORT
WITH MACHINERY DISABLED
Copyright, 1000, by Seymour Eaton.
HUMOR OF ENGLISH AND AMERICAN LITBRATURB
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1900.
EATURDAT, OCTOBER 20.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELL.YS PERRY.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE WIT AND HUMOR OF EARLY ENGLISH.
7
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Peru New York Oct. 19
Bonlta Newport Oct. 20
Empire Coos Bay. Oct. 21
Eureka Hutnboldt Oct. 21
Crescent City... Crescent City Oct. 22
Columbia Portland Oct. ~J
Santa Rosa Pan Diego.. Oct. 23
Cleone Tlllamook Oct. 22
Warfleld Oyster Harbor Oct. 22
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 23
Matteawan Tacoma Oct. 24
Coos Bay Newport Oct. 2J
City of Puebla..! Victoria Oct. 24
North Fork ....(Hnmboldt Oct. 23
Point Arena ...IPoInt Arena [Oct. 23
Arcata ICoos Bay Oct. 25
Corona ISan Dietfo |Oct. If.
naelic « IChlna and Japan Oct. 26
Curacao | Mexico : Oct. .27
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 20, 12 m Pier 19
Pomona. ... Humboldf..... Oct. 20, 2 pm 1'ler 3
State Cal.. Portland Oct. 20, 11 am Pier 2i
'"orona San Diego Oct. 20. 11 am Pier 11
Bonlta Newport Oct. 22, Sam Pier 11
Umatllla .. Victoria Oct. 23. 11 am Pier 9
Pt, Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 23, 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka .... Humboldt Oct. 23, 10 am Pier 13
Empire ....ICoos Bay Oct. 23, 4 pm Pier 13
Santa Ro?a!San Dieso Oct. 24. 11 am Pier 11
Columbia ..Portland Oct. 25. 11am Pier 24
Coos Bay... I Newport Oct. 26, 9 am PIt 11
City Peking China* Japan Oct. 28, l pm PMSS
North Fork Humboldt..... Oct. 2S, 9 am Pier 2
Steamer.
>es'
mat
O iitne lime iirne Tlmel
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o L, W H W L W H W
20 ...I 2:63 1.6 9:29 5.4 3:43 1.1 18:05 f 4.1
21 ... 3:23 1.8 9:57 5.5 4:13 0.8 10:50 i.<
22 ... 3:55 2.1 10:25 6.5 4:45 0.4 11:35 *.!
23 ... 4:26 2.4 10:50 5.5 5:20 0.2
!H W |L W H W L. W
21 ... 0:17 4.5j 4:58 2.6 11:15 5.5 5:55 O.(
25 ... 1:02 4.4] 5:31 2.S 11:40 5.5 8:33— 0. 1
26 ... 1:49 4.4! 6:09 2.9 12:10 5.4 7:151— 0 '
DATE.
b Second Feet.
1S39. j 1300.
October 7
October 8
October 9
October 10
October 11
October 12....
October 13
3$S0 5170
8980 4365
33S0 4560
3SS0 4360
39S0 4360
33S0 43430
4170 43C0
DATE.
Second Feet.
1S99. I 1900.
I I *
October 7
October 8
October 9
October 10
October 11
October 12
October 13 „
130
90
130
130
.130
130
173
4 So
485
315
315
2S3
2C5
23)
DATE.
1 Second Feet.
1899. I 19-wT
October 7
October 8
October 9
October 10
"October 11
October 12
October 13
78
69
63
69
69
69
78
650
460
450
460
460
460
460
Second Feet.
DATE. Mn'grCo. Total
1SS9. 1900. Canal. 1900.
October 7.... 29 850 12 862"
October 8.... 29 850 12 S62
October 9.... 29 950 12 9€2
October 10. ... 29 -. 1CG0 12 1072
October 11 29 ' &50 12 »«¦»
October 1!.... 29 10C0 12 107'
October 13.... 29 950 12 %2
DATE.
b Second Feet.
1S39. j 1300.
October 7
October 8
October 9
October 10
October 11
October 12....
October 13
3$S0 5170
8980 4365
33S0 4560
3SS0 4360
39S0 4360
33S0 43430
4170 43C0
DATE.
Second Feet.
1S99. I 1900.
I I *
October 7
October 8
October 9
October 10
October 11
October 12
October 13 „
130
90
130
130
.130
130
173
4 So
485
315
315
2S3
2C5
23)
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 20, 12 m Pier 19
Pomona. ... Humboldf..... Oct. 20, 2 pm 1'ler 3
State Cal.. Portland Oct. 20, 11 am Pier 2i
'"orona San Diego Oct. 20. 11 am Pier 11
Bonlta Newport Oct. 22, Sam Pier 11
Umatllla .. Victoria Oct. 23. 11 am Pier 9
Pt, Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 23, 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka .... Humboldt Oct. 23, 10 am Pier 13
Empire ....ICoos Bay Oct. 23, 4 pm Pier 13
Santa Ro?a!San Dieso Oct. 24. 11 am Pier 11
Columbia ..Portland Oct. 25. 11am Pier 24
Coos Bay... I Newport Oct. 26, 9 am PIt 11
City Peking China* Japan Oct. 28, l pm PMSS
North Fork Humboldt..... Oct. 2S, 9 am Pier 2
Steamer.
>es'
mat
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Peru New York Oct. 19
Bonlta Newport Oct. 20
Empire Coos Bay. Oct. 21
Eureka Hutnboldt Oct. 21
Crescent City... Crescent City Oct. 22
Columbia Portland Oct. ~J
Santa Rosa Pan Diego.. Oct. 23
Cleone Tlllamook Oct. 22
Warfleld Oyster Harbor Oct. 22
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 23
Matteawan Tacoma Oct. 24
Coos Bay Newport Oct. 2J
City of Puebla..! Victoria Oct. 24
North Fork ....(Hnmboldt Oct. 23
Point Arena ...IPoInt Arena [Oct. 23
Arcata ICoos Bay Oct. 25
Corona ISan Dietfo |Oct. If.
naelic « IChlna and Japan Oct. 26
Curacao | Mexico : Oct. .27
DATE.
1 Second Feet.
1899. I 19-wT
October 7
October 8
October 9
October 10
"October 11
October 12
October 13
78
69
63
69
69
69
78
650
460
450
460
460
460
460
Second Feet.
DATE. Mn'grCo. Total
1SS9. 1900. Canal. 1900.
October 7.... 29 850 12 862"
October 8.... 29 850 12 S62
October 9.... 29 950 12 9€2
October 10. ... 29 -. 1CG0 12 1072
October 11 29 ' &50 12 »«¦»
October 1!.... 29 10C0 12 107'
October 13.... 29 950 12 %2
O iitne lime iirne Tlmel
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o L, W H W L W H W
20 ...I 2:63 1.6 9:29 5.4 3:43 1.1 18:05 f 4.1
21 ... 3:23 1.8 9:57 5.5 4:13 0.8 10:50 i.<
22 ... 3:55 2.1 10:25 6.5 4:45 0.4 11:35 *.!
23 ... 4:26 2.4 10:50 5.5 5:20 0.2
!H W |L W H W L. W
21 ... 0:17 4.5j 4:58 2.6 11:15 5.5 5:55 O.(
25 ... 1:02 4.4] 5:31 2.S 11:40 5.5 8:33— 0. 1
26 ... 1:49 4.4! 6:09 2.9 12:10 5.4 7:151— 0 '
AMUSEMENTS.
*Tb¥_PL1*
MATINEE TO-DAT AND SUNDAY NIGHT.
"CARMEN."
THE GREAT IHVA.
COLLAMARINI as CARMEN.
BCBSQ, SALAPSA. REPETTO. NICOLINI,
SCHUSTER IN THE CAST.
LAPT TIME THIS EVENING OF
"THE JEWESS."
F'-irr br a (Treat rs»t. ¦with Luc'r.tl. L.1cht»r.
FAREWELL ArPEARA-VCE OT
EEI'.TIIALD AND EFFIE STEWART.
POPULAR PRICES 2Sc and 50c j
Telephone Bush »
N>rt "Week— "LA GIOCONT>A." ••CARMEN." !
FPECIAI — THUESDTfTfTERNOO.V. Oct. S.
GRAND SYMPHONY CONCERT.
r>:r<«i!on cf MAX HIP.PCHFELD. Orchestra
of <V\ Boats on ea> at ?h«=r^an. Clay * Co.'e
MATIN'EE TO-DAT.
EVERT N'IGHT (EXCEPT SL'N'DAT>
Third and Last TTetk Begins N'BCXT MONDAY.
THE ONLY P.EAL
The Ortrinal London. N«-nr Tork and Chicago
Prod act: oa.
PRICES »1CO, gl. 75c. COc. 25c
Coming— STUART R3BSOW
TO-1MT AND TO-NIGHT.
LAST TIMES OF
A S4 1 Mono yoonnn
TO-MORROW (SCXDAT) AFTEHN'OON,
THE TRIUMPH OF MERIT,
WM. H. VJEST'S
BIG MINSTREL JUBILEE.
:ictir.»fi To-morrtvw, Thur?S«y and Saturday.
BIG GOLF AUTOMOB1LF. STREET PARADE
MONDAY AT 2 P. M.
Alf eilin«hou»e. Proprietor and Manager.
Phone South 770
LAST TIMES.
MATINEE TO-DAY. TO-NIGHT.
- 'THEV COME WITH BANNERS WAVING."
TO SEE
THEMAN FROM MEXICO
WITH GEORGE C. BONIFACE JR. and a
S^'.ect Comedy Cast.
Fir»t Time at Poaular Prices.
Evening lDc. 25c. Zbc. K>c and 75c
Mttlrw 15c. C3c. 2.%o nn<l 50c
To-morrow (Sunday) Afternoon. Another Stel-
lar Attraction Frcra New Ycrk,
"BROWN'S IN TOWN.';
CHUTES^ and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT :
BIG CAKEWALK
FTAn CONTESTANTS:
ARNOLD CRAZIER and HAZEL CALAHAN.
KERT RICHARDSON and BLANCHE
TP.ELEAfE.
GBOgCg CARNKL and ROSIE WILLIAMS,
JACK STEWART and MARTHA STEWART.
ARTHUR HICKMAN and ALMA FERF.IS.
MALCOLM BEEVES and IDA MALONE.
Telephone for Seats— Park 3.
i FISCHER'S CO^^1^ SE -
' J. Warren Keen*. Alice Raymond. Miss May-
fce!>, Mae Tunivon, Eudora Forde, Oscar Lte-
rr.ar.. Kobert Ellis. Antonio Varsas. Harold
Jli*f"rd and New Moving Pictures.
Reserved Seatg. Sic; Matinee Sunday.
THE THIRTIETH ANNIVERSARY BALL
Of ».1e AUSTRIAN BENEVOLENT SOCIETY
«1il tak» place FAT1."UI>AY EVENING. Octo-
ber 20. at TURN VEKEIX HALL. 33 Turk
*ir*f?t. Admission, Including hat check. 25
ctrta; Itu&its rree. THE COMMITTEE.
•
Address M. I. S. T. Cc, Toledo, 0.
RHEUMATISM, no matter how loar sjrdirg. Any cas; oi Inflammation of the Blad-
der or Enlarg-ed Prostate Glard. no matter ii the p-tiens 1ut£ Iver: for rears forced to nse
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. ANY CASE OF fclAEETES.
AUcasea of Irapoteccr tbat can be cured, and j>erraaneni'r restore youthful rigor and
TltilitT. Itis oosumclan't. Its effects are permanent anc iwicr. Will cure any caEe »f
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will cure any cas^ of VJricocel*. Will remore en-
lire! -.- from the frtiem Cancer and Czacereus Gems.
.« addition to the aboT-e. M. I- S. T. No. 2 has cured maur cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Ataxia- Spinal TrcnWe and apparently incurable diseases of the utrrts.
M. I. S. T. has been en the market for over 20 years, and has cured thousands of snff-
•-err It is prescribed by Jeadiaf phj6icians all over the country. It is pleasant to take and
F*SS\ tSSJ Sm2£ absol»?!l,- safe. It nerer increases or diminishes the action of the
frj* y 5l~ p h»zrr. Htou are euffericg' froTi: 2ny caronic J.^r.se yon are urged to
gK S3 fj** wr;tt to u«. no iraf.fr fc<-w Tarr <J-"n:t"r? or kist's of medicines yon
l 1*5 fSj hare tried without relief KE GUARANTEE TO CURE YOU.
¦" ™ ¦ —B * ¦"¦• That you may jadyeoPthe ?alneof the Gr?at Specific for yourself,
we xrill seed you one lar/re case by mall FREE. only asking- that
¦in eared yourself yon win recommend it to ota*"-s. Write confidentially to our medical
seputmest, civing symptoms. $1 per box. or six boxes for 15.
I bare given personal inspection to the vorkicg of M. I. S. T. oa the human system, and
BCSt say that it entirely meets with lay professiocal sanction.
D. H. LOOMIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatorar, Philadelphia Medical College.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE l¥5. !. S. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
Greatest Nerve and Blood Tonic
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
fLTHEATRE M>
LAET TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-PAY AND SUNDAY.
THE
CORSICAN
BROTHERS!
Adapted by Howard Hall From Alexander
Dunns' Novel.
SEATS NOW READY.
2STE2CT WEEK-
An Original Romantic Drama,
i"A SOLDIER OF THE EMPIRE."
I MATINEE TO-DAT. SATURDAY. OCT. ».
Parquet, rr*\ any feat; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren. 10c. any part except reserved.
VAUDEVILLE HARD TO BEAT !
LIZZIE B. RAYMOND, EDGAR
ATCHISON - ELY, RAUCHLE,
TWIN HALE* SISTERS, TOM
NAWN & CO., THE GREAT
EVERHART. EDDIE GIRARD
AND JESSIE GARDNER, WILLIS
FAMILY, BIOGRAPH.
GPAND O>rP^ KpM* — -
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
¦Wiiiiam Haworth's Great
Patriotic .Naval Drama
THE ENSIGN
Next Mondaj-MADAME SANS GENE!
EVENING TRICES lOo. 15c. '^c. 5Oc.
A Few Front Row in Orchestra Tic
MATINEK PRICES lOc. 15c. 23c, 5Oc
"Xo Hisfcer-^—
Branch Ticket Ofnee-Emporlum.
baseball!
Oakland
VS. /
Sacramento,
S4 TURD A Y AT 3 P. M.
SUN DA Y AT 2:3O f*. M.
| RECREATION PARK
¦ Eighth and Harrison Street*.
l^rtOraR-I'JSi THEATER
•ODD FELLOWS' HALL.)
I SATURDAY. OCTOBER 20. 1900.
I Iir-menx* Bucceu of Our New Enterprise.
i •• V 1 ? 7 lPt ' c ! Programme ¦Rill consist of a de-
rpi-rini^J comody, AN OPERETTA ' BY
' of? FI.NBAC H. tosether with an olio of spe-
ciartk* dances, songx and sketches of rare
r.ierit by a host of eminent artists. Sunday
i evening. October 2L EXTRA GERMAN PER-
j FORMANCE by a splendid company of play-
'"¦ Popular prices— 25c and 50c. Box sheet at
the theater.
• OPEN NIGHTS.
Oren Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathln; From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
„ ... ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 5c
Bathlnr. Including admission. Sc: Children. 28c
¦ft i g JrCv^— <fffc^^»^Bl^F^B BM
Dr. Bennett's. Electric Belt
Makes wrak m«?n and women strong and strong
men and wcm«n stronger. - Rooms 8 and 6, U
( Post at., San dfr&nclico, Cal.
Save you ever been baked
aliveP It is now being done
right here in San Francisco
and -with much more beneficial
results than the methods pur-
sued in the cannibal islands.
' Next Sunday's Call will en-
lighten you on the subject.New Ocean Greyhound.
The famous Deutschland cost $3.M2, 000; dis
placement 23,200 tons; accommodation 1057 pas
eensers; crew 626. It has established a new
record for. ocean steamers. Among the great
remedies of , the world Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters holds the record with Its fifty years of
cures of constipation. Indigestion and bilious
ness. It gets; at the root of the disease and
effects a cure. ,' The genuine has our Private
Revenue Stamp over the neck o£ the bottle.
Swedish Republican Club Picnic.
The Swedish Republican" Club will hold
a reunion at Shell Mound Park to-morrow.
General E. S. Salomon will deliver an ad
dress. Special music will be provided.
The club is not a campaign-year organ*
ization. but continues active from yeax to
year, doing effective work among the Citi
zens of Swedish birth or ancestry.
STEPHEN M. WHITE COMING.
The Former Senator Will Speak at
Metropolitan Temple To-Night.
Ex-Senator Stephen M. White Is again
billed to speak in Metropolitan Temple—
this time tn-nlght. As Chairman Sims of
the State Central Committee is now in
Southern California it is safe to presume
that there will be no slip thla time and
that San Francisco will be treated to a
political speech by the bright particular
star of California Democracy."
Frank H., Gould will preside as chair
man of the meeting. Rain or shine. It Is
safe to say that Metropolitan Temple will
be crowded to the doors.
The organization committee of the Dem.
ccratlc County Committee has arranged
a Bryan and Stevenson mass-meeting for
Tuesday evening at FranTtlin Hall. ISSa
Flllmore street. J. H. Henry. Solomon
P. Ellas, S. B. Vermilyea. Charles A.
Sweigert and others will speak.
SHORTRIDGE TO SPEAK HERE.
Republican Meetings Throughout the
State Billed for the Coming Week.
Samuel M. Shortridge, who spoke at
Stockton last night, will deliver an ad
dress at Oakland to-night, and on Tues
day night he will be the speaker at Met
ropolitan Temple. Apart from previous
efforts. Mr. Shprtrldge's notable oration
at the Santa Cruz convention and the suc
cess with which his tour of the State has
met will Insure him an ovation at this
meeting, the first he will have addressed
In San Francisco during the campaign.
Charles H. Jackson, son of the late
John P. Jackson, will preside at the meet
ing at Napa on Monday night, at which
Senator Perkins will speak. The Senator
has made a number of speeches in the
interior during the week.
A. P. Van Duzer will speak at San Le
andro Monday night, at Lorin Tuesday
night, at Colma with Congressman Loud
Wednesday night, and during the last
week of the campaign he will tour Slskl
you County. .
W. R. Davis will speak at Sacramento
Wednesday night and at Vallejo Thurs
day night.
E. Myron Wolf will address a meeting at
Santa Clara Monday night and one at
Mountain View Friday night.
J. H. Roberts Is. touring Mono and Inyo
counties in the Interests of McKinley and
Roosevelt.
O. C. Hubbell will speak at Hanford on
Wednesday night with- Congressman
Need ham.
Rev. Father James Otis Sargent Hunt
ihgton. member of the Order of the Holy
Cross, arrived In the city yesterday from
the East. Last evening he attended the
first of a series of conferences in tho
Church of the Advent on Eleventh street
and on the subject of "Christian
Character, the Best Thing in the World."
He was attired in the ciress of his order,
which much resemblea that worn by tin;
Dominicans. He says that it is the habit
of St. Augustine. It is all white for hou<e
wear, witn the exception of a black cord
around the waist. *i'he usual cowl is ln
cludfd. On the street the garments worn
are black.
A large audience was present at the
opening service and aliened attentively.
After the sermon services Rev. Father
Huntington was interviewed. He is a
young man Ftlll, although he has been in
the church work for some years. He does
not look to be over 31 or 32 years of age.
His manner is very auiet and earnest.
He said that there are only six members
of the order and thev are not all fully
professed. Another member may be added
next month. All members must take three
vows which are inexorable for life — pov
erty, chastity and obedience to the su
perior of the order. The purpose of the
order Is to promote personal holiness.
There was nothing selfish In the attitude
of the order, for all its acts are supposed
to be prompted by the Jove of God, which
forbids the idea of self.
All members of the order are priest*
In good standing In the Episcopal church.
The order had its beginning twenty yearj
ago and for ten years the work waa
largely among the Geiman population in
the East side of New York City. A
church, school and home, costing $60,000,
were provided by the Sisters of St. John
the Baptist. Ten years ago the call for
outride mission work » as so urgent that
the members withdrew from the east side
of New York and .went to Westminster,
Md., where a home was donated by 'Miss
Lucretla E. Van Bibber. One or more of
the members of the order Is always ab-
Rev. Father Huntington
Begins His Mission
in This City.
TALKS OF ORDER
OF HOLY CROSS
sent from the home doing mission work.
Father Huntington said he had been
largely engaged in rescue work among
women and girls. His purpose in coming
to San Francisco was to conduct a series
of conferences and also to counsel per
sonally with those who come to him for
assistance. From San Francisco he will
go directly to Kingston, N. Y., not visit
ing any place but San Francisco on the
Pacific Coast. He will be here three
weeks and the meetings will be held on
Wednesday and Friday evenings.
Father Huntington will deliver a lecture
at the Y. M. C. A. building on Monday
evening next at 8 o'clock. Hia subject will
be "The Wage Earners of ltKK)." The pro
ceeds will be devoted to the hospital and
prison fund of the California Club.
Two well-dressed young women were
arrested. last night by Detectives Dinan,
Wren and Crockett, who locked them up
in the tanks pending an Investigation into
the drugging and robbing of Frank
Rhodes Jr. of Sacramento.
Several months ago, Rhodes, who is
wont to travel the primrose path, met the
two women, who are known as Maud
Woods and Helen Adams, "on O'Farrell
street and consented to accompany them
to the Palmerlee lodging-h»use on Ellis
street. According to his story after filling
him with whisky one of the women sum
moned the bell boy and sent him to pur
chase a phial of chloral. When the boy
returned with the poison Rhodes was
asleep, but he was soon awakened and
given a drink containing a portion of the
contents of the phial. In a few minutes
he became unconscious and did not re
gain his sonses until the following morn
ing.
Not finding the women in the room he
suspected Bomcthin'g wrong, and going to
a bureau drawer, wnere he had hidden his
diamonds, valued at about one thousand
dollars, he found them gone. Rushing
downstairs he met a policeman to whom
he told his tale of woe.
The policeman went to the house with
him, but failed to get a trace of the wo
men. Yesterday the detectives learned
that soon after the robbery the two wo
men went to a Jewelry store on-Kearny
street and pawned the diamonds, which
they had removed from their settings, for
J1C0. Several weeks later they told "Jack"
Abbott, a well known creature of the ten
derloin, of the robbery, and advised him
to redeem the stones, as they were very
valuable. Abbott went to the place and
secured the diamonds, wnlch he at once
proceeded to wear.
After the detectives had. taken the dia
monds ¦ from » him . they • arrested the two
women and locked them, up in the deten
tion ward of the City Prison. To-day they
will be formally charged with grand lar
ceny.
Frank Rhodes Jr. of Sacra
mento Is Drugged and
Robbed of Diamonds.
JEWELS TAKEN
BY TWO WOMEN
IMPOSTOR IN THIRTY-NINTH.
Upon Republicans With Petition.
Louis H. Cosper, a Democrat, Imposes
The Democratic "machine" in the Thir
ty-ninth Asseihbly District has been
caught In one of the cheapest frauds of
the campaign. In an effort to defeat
Frank D. Macbeth, the Republican nomi
nee for the Assembly, the' Democrats
have chosen one of their number, made
him pose as a Republican and have
thrown him forward as an Independent
candidate. By this means it Is hoped to
secure the election of M. C. McClain, the
regular Democratic nominee.
The impostor is Ix)uis H. Cosper, who
says he lives at 262 Golden Gate avenue
and 13 a "journalist." His erratic career
In "journalism" consisted in seeking ad
vertisements^ for the business departments
of newspapers. Mr. Cosper is a Demo
crat, not a Republican. He applied for a
position a short time ago as a Democratic
election officer. In his petition to the
Election Commission he stated that he
was a Democrat and his sponsor is Mayor
James D. Phelan.
In the face of this petition and the
notorious fact that he is a Democrat
Cosper has posed as a Republican, and in
circulating hie petition to be placed on the
official ticket as an independent he has
claimed to be a Republican. The fraud
has imposed upon many Republicans who
signed the petition under the delusion that
Cosper was acting In good faith. To carry
out the fraud Cosper has attended several
Republican meeting?. Republicans who
have signed his petition should remember
that a vote for him is simply aid given to
the scheme to elect the Democratic
nominee. - ¦v-.l'SS'
Thirty-Fifth District Meeting.
The Thirty-fifth District Republicans
will hold a meeting at Silk's Hall, Precita
avenue, near Mission street, to-night
Congressman Loud. R. J. Welch, candi
date for Senator, and Edward F ' Tread
well, candidate for Assembly, will be the
speakers.
MRS. HALSTEAD AND BABY
LEAVE THE CITY PRISON
Captain Seymour Is Searching' for the
Husband Who So Basely De- •
serted Her.
Mrs. Lena Halstead, the unfortunate
young woman who with her little child
applied to the police Thursday night for
lodgings, left the City Prison yesterday
morning. She profusely thanked Corporal
Hlckey for his kindness. The woman said
she was going to 128 Ellis street, where
she had formerly lived, but Inquiry at
that place last night failed to find her.
Captain of I>etectives Seymour has not
yet located her husband, but he is hopeful
of doing so. If he succeeds in finding him
he intends to force him to provide for his
wife and child.
MORE SUBSCRIPTIONS
FOB GALVESTON FUND
Total of Committee's Receipts Now
Amounts to Over $18,000.
The following are th* additional subscriptions
to t-ce Texas relief fund received by the Cali- |
fom:«i State relief committee to noon ye*ter- )
<lay: '.
Committee on Pan Francisco Bar A«- ¦
frociatlon reported:
J. J. D»-yer t!0 00 j
L. A. K'iJbsii 6 00]
K H. '""ocntryman 2 50
Houghtcn & lioughton < 6 00
John M. Wright 15 «0
E3ward C. Harrison 2 60
W. C Sh«.rr-M<?in l 00
A. P. Black 2 60 !
\\\ M. Pierson 20 00 '¦
Ye»«=!faflfc k Brown 5 00 i
James I*. Bweency 2 50'
Cash <AV. 5. O.) tow]
Cach <A. F. M.) 10 00 !
liothohiia & Aoh (t^cond contribution). 25 CO !
Pidtiey V. Srr.lth 10 W
Oat>h <R. A. D.) 1 00 j
M. F. Michael (00 1
Cash <XV. V. \Y.) jjj
fash iFT. J.) 2 50 i
Ca:-h <M. P.) j , a)
Oaeh <A. O. C.) i oo '
F. J. Fallen JM !
Robert V. Hayn<* 25 00
<"atli <<¦. A. M.j IV)
'"ash 100
Cash <J. G. M.) 2 CO
K'lwar'i H. Salomon 5 00
f'afh <J. J. T.» 1 oi
r+?i-. .J. A. H.) }£
fath (Brawn) i fw,
C.'. r h U. H. M.) i oo
Ca^h <P. B.) i <|Q
CMb <W. \V. R.) 2 50
I/-nt i Humphrey 20 (V)
• 'ash «.M. J. <J.) "j 00
Ca?h <I>. A. R > I n]
Cash iJ. H.< ICo
Ca*h cE. L.) j 00
*"'»h 100
Cash <F. W. L) [ 50
« at=h <A. A. S.) * 2 5>)
J. 13. K«:nFtein (second contribution).. "5 r«;
Cafh (MfK.) « 50
<-afh is. 8.) 2 50
P. H. O'Brion \- a
Cash <H. B.» 2 co
J. J. Iwfivner 2 io
ca*h <m. i! > ;;;• j 0C0
Ca*h U. F.) « 60
Chkk»rir.r. Thomas & Gregory 10 f>0
C P. Pttmeroy j jo
Chtrlo* L. Ack"rman J \n
Kcnry Clckhoff .." iw
Mount Hhavu Mineral Fprinir Co 50 00
Bar.k of Cilffornla, treapur^r, reported-
Mr* M. C Miller ' i 25
children of B«-thany fiundiy nchooj.* ! 3 40
Concert riven by UintJ artins JO fK)
C.it> of Paris Ury Good* Co 25 00
Total subscription* rej>orted yester
day j, rfS 15
Pm-toosly reported subscriptions... 1T.TS3 S7
Total fubscrlptloni .....J1S.132 C2
THE boundary lines of th» Forty
first Assembly District embrace
the finest resident sections of San
Francisco. The citizens dwelling
in the district are generally well
to-dn. They have expended large sums
of money In the construction of beautiful
horn.-s. In a large degree the p p ople re
siding there represent the refinement and
culture of the city.
It is the sejiFo of the citizens of the
Forty-first that th«» district oupht to be
creditably represented in the Assembly of
the State Legislature, but obstacles to
clean representation have been interposed
by manipulating politicians. Henry C.
Dibble has been foisted so many times on
the* Republican nominating conventions
that the people have resolved to teach
Martin Kelly aiid the associated bosses a
lesson in politics.
There is an active and Increasing senti
ment in the district favorable to the elec
tion of Oscar Sutro to represent the For
ty-first in the Assembly. The fact is.
fresh in tbe minds of the people that Boss
Kelly procured the help of Democrats to
set aside the will of Republlrans at the
free-and-easy primary election, and as a
result of Democratic assistance Dibble
got a r»-n<imination from the Kelly-Crim
mins B'nai B'rith Hall convention.
The Democratic convention at Odd Fel
lows' Hall nominated Mr. Sutro as can
didate for tbe Assembly in that district.
The Citizens' Republican convention,
which assembled at Shlels Hall, did; not
make an independent nomination, bur* did,
indorse the nomination of Mr. Sutro and
put him forward as the candidate of the
Citizens' Republican party. Two years
ago Dibble secured the indorsement of
this party and obtained 2016 votes, or a
majority of S55 over his Democratic oppo
nent. Isaac I. Rosenbaum. The only nom
ination accorded to Dibble in the present
campaign is the one that was bestowed
by the Kelly-Crimmins convention at
B'nai B'rith Hall. That convention was
the instrument of the bosses. Martin
Kelly himself was the leader on the floor.
He made the speech placing P. A. Berge
rot In nomination for chairman. Nothing
was done without Boss Kelly's consent.
Dibble, surmising that his own chances
would be imperiled by the conspicuous
exhibition of Kelly's personality, sought
to keep the Mint saloon boss under cover,
but Kelly administered a sharp rebuke to
the Assemblyman of the Forty-first, and
the subordinate made no further sugges
tions to the chief.
Oscar Sutro is a young man of ability
end energy. In the Legislature he would
reflect credit on the cistrict. His election
would redeem the district from the dis
grace cast upon it by Dibble's caieer in
the Assembly.
Oscar Sutro is the son of Emil Sutro.
banker. 40S Montgomery street. He was
graduated from the San Francisco Hign
School in 1SS1; and from the University
of California in 1894. He studied law at
Hastings College of Law. He entered the
office of William M. Pierson in la&5 anil
has been there ever since.
Leading Republicans of the district pre
dict Mr. Sutro's election by a substantial
majority, but such predictions have been
made before. While the well-to-do citi
zens and taxpayers of the district were
enjoying themselves at home or In agree
able* outings on election day the bosses
were drumming up voters for Dibble. Mr.
Sutro's election can be achieved by oi
ganized and energetic work in the line
of bringing to the polls every registered
voter and by ceaseless vigilance in the
work of detecting and exposing repeaters.
The bosses btfVe gained a firm grasp on
the Forty-first District an-1 will not let
go if they can by any means, fair or foul,
hold on.
Oscar Sutro is a progressive, enterpris
ing and capable young man. He enjoy?
the confidence and respect of the prop
erty-owners and taxpayers of the district.
It Is essential to his success, howevei .
tlirst ho shall receive something more
than words of commendation. In his be
half organization should be. perfected in
every precinct. The honor of the district
is Involved in the campaign because the
people of California are noting the con
test and wondering whether the continued
bocHllfng representation of the Forty-lirst
in the Assembly is a mere accident of
politics or the deliberate choice of the
residents of the district.
MORE FACTS ABOUT DIBBLE.
¦Waste Basket Scandal Recalled — Bar
rett Writes About Pipe
Line Bill.
The Call yesterday presented the facts
of another scandal in the legislative ca
reer of Henry C. Dibble and the good
citizens of the Forty-first Assembly Dis
trict now predict his defeat at the polls
on November 6. In 1S?2 The Call repub
llshed the story of the ¦waste-basket scan
dal of the legislative session of 1S91 and
the voters of the district repudiated Dib
ble. The rejected candidate, however,
came, forward at subsequent elections
after the storm of popular resentment had
passed and quietly slipped back to the
Assembly. Republicans voted for him be
cause he was the regular nominee, never
suspecting that the bosses had manipu
lated affairs in advance to give him the
party nomination. Two years ago noth
ing was said In the public Journals re
garding his career of, crookedness in the
Assembly and the voters concerning
themselves chiefly in the affairs of the
campaign for Governor gave Dibble a ma
jority exceeding S00. He did not take into
account the fact that tiie waste-basket
episode had passed out of the minds of
the people, but rather assumed that th«
majority which he obtained signified spe
cial commendation of his career. It id
well now to refresh the memory of the
citizens who dwell in' the Forty-first Dis
trict ajid in the light of the record ask
them if they want Henry C. Dibble to sit
in the Assembly as their representative.
There is no malice In thi*? proposition —
no spirit of hostility moves the paper to
the task, but a sense of duty to the pub
lic demands a reference to his career as
a public servant.
Henry C. Dib_ e was a member of the
Legislature of 1891. In March of that year
the waste-basket scandal came. He and
Assemblyman Marlon handled a .arge
sum of greenbacks in the private office of
the State Librarian. The bands that had
encircled the currency were found in a
waste basket, where Marion or Dibble
had thrown them. The affair was the
subject of official investigation by the
Legislature. Many surmised that the
handling of the money had some connec
tion with the Senatorial contest then
pending, wherein C. N. Felton and M. M.
Estee were leading candidates. The re
port of the investigating committee did
not solve the mystery of the affair, but
it did establish the fact beyond all doubt
that the money was not used or sent to
Sacramento for use in the Senatorial con
test.
O. B. Fogle, paying teller of th: Crock
er-Woolworth Bank, identified his own
handwriting of certain figures and words
on the bands which had held the pack*
ages of greenbacks. He testified that on
March 16, 1S91, he paid out $7500 in green
backs and that the hands exhibited held
the currency. He testified that the money
was paid to John B. Jones on a check
drawn by the Southern Pacific Company
on the Nevada Bank. The check was in
dorsed by the Nevada Hank. The witness
knew Jones by sight, but did not know
how Jones disposed of the money.
The presence of the lands in the waste
basket when Marion and Dibble were
seen handling greenbacks was regarded
at the time as convincing proof that Jones
gave the money to one or the other. It
was subsequently ascertained that the
srreenbacks constituted the Southern Pa
cific Company's contribution of $7000 to
defeat a bill which was supposed to be a
measure designed to "'cinch" the Western
Union Telegraph Company. Dibble and
Marion apportioned th-^ amount to certain
members of the legislature. Boodlers
who did not get what they fancied was
coming to them charged Dibble with un
fairness in the division of the spoils, li
was the deliberate judgment of honest
men that Dibble not only secured money
for his own influence 'in the Legislature
but also received money to divide among
others. He was accused of dishonesty In
the division of dishonest spoils.
Additional light on the latest legisla
tive scandal tends to show that Dibble
bad knowledge of Elwood Bruner's em
ployment to promote the passage of the
oil pipe line bill before the agreement
between Captain Barrett and Bruner waf
concluded. Under date of October 18 Cap
tain Barrett writes:
In reply to your telegram I have thought
over the matter very carefully. In the first
place the P. P. I-. Co. was and still Is largely
owned by stockholders in the Union Oil Com
pany of California at Santa Paula. I was a
stockholder, director and superintendent of the
P. P. Ij. Co. when Mr. Bruner mentioned to
me the necessity of employing Messrs. Dibble
and . I told him I would consider the
matter and advise him. I returned home and
placed myself in communication with the
president of the company at Santa Paula. I
was advised that any action I took the* com
pany would ratify. I returned to Sacramento
and stopped at the Western Hotel. I law Mr.
Bruner In the mornlne and had a conversation
with him about the "pipe line bill." He told
me that he would see Dibble and and
let me know In the afternoon. I had gone to
my room to take a nap and was in bed when
Mr. Bruner came Into my room. He told me
that he had seen the (rentlemen, and I had
better r>ay them each $100. [Up to this time
no question of paying Mr. Bruner had arisen
as he had told me in my first interview with
him when he accompanied me Jo the theater
as my Ruost that if he could srt-ve me at any
time he would be glad to do so.) I immediately
pot out of bed. took out my check book, wrote
a check for $250. handed It U> Mr. Bruner,
saying "There is J100 for — P 1100 for Dibble
and jr>0 for you."
That frveninr I left for home. About a week
afterward I went to f-acramento and found
nothing accomplished. I had a talk with l_>r.
Rowell and Senator Flint, and they Introduced
the bill. in the Senate. I at that time told Dr.
Rowell of the payment of the money. 1 do
not know Mr. nibble, never spoke to him in
my life to my knowledge, and ehould I meet
him would not know him. I spoke to Mr.
on tbe stairway in the Capitol building ar.d
asked him if I couM talk with him concern
ing the bill, and he asked me If It was the
bill Mr. Bruner had drawn up. I told him
ye3. He said it would be all right, or words
of l'.ke effect. I also told Representative Fair
weather about paying the money, and he told
me that I oucht not to have done It.
About a week prior to adjournment of I>><ls-
Iature Mr. Briiner both wrote and tele<?mph;«.1
me for more money, saying the bill would not
pass uni«.s he received It. I paid no attention
to the demand, but I. however, sent Ills letter
and wire to the company's office at Eanta
Pajjla. The company wrote me not to pay
any more.
Elwoofl Bruner's denial that he paid
Dibble J100 was expected, but it must be
remembered that in the same breath he
denied that he ever told Captain Barrett
that Dibble would charge $100 The infer
once that the Assemblyman of the Fortv
flrst did not receive the $100 can only be
sustained on the theory that he was
bunkoed by Bruner. Dibble and Bruner
stood in together as far back as 1891, when
the latter had troubles of his own.
Dibble had everything so tied up in the
Committee on Rules that no. bill could be
considered unless he allowed it to go on
the urgency file. Old birds around the
Legislature were surprised when they
?^L, the new-fangled rules under which
Dibble could hold or advance any bill that
he preferred. It is safe to assume that
the next Assembly will not deliver the
goods to the Committee on Rules.
Services of the most solemn character
will be held in St. Mary's Cathedral next
week in honor of St. John Eaptist de la
S;ille, the founder of the brothers of the
Christian Schools, who was canonized on
May 2i last. Th£ services will last three
days and will be inaugurated on Friday
evening next with a triduum. which will
be observed on Saturday and Sunday with
the most solemn ceremonies. On Fridav
morning a pontifical high mass will be
celebrated at 9 o'clock. An augmented
choir under the direction > of the cathe
dral's organist. Professor R. T. Harrison,
will render sacred music ourlng the ser
vices. The singers who will take p^rt
are: Sopranos: Miss Katherlne Blajck.
Mrs. Ella Prankard; altos— Miss Julia
Sullivan, Miss Bowie; tenors— David Jlan
lloytl, Mr. Hopkraft; bassos— S. J. Sandy,
Mr. von der K'lhn.
The music for the first day will be:
"Kyrle" and "Gloria." from Beethoven's
in C; "Credo, " "Sanctus." "Benertictus"
and "Agnus Dei" from Gounod's "Messe
Solennelle"; Offertory— "Justus ut Palma
Florebit" (Lambillote) duet for tenor and
bass. The evening services of the Trl
(lutun, consisting of solemn vespers, ser
mons and benediction, will begin at 8
o'clock, for which a special programme
of music is being perpared by a chorus of
fifty voices composed of the Cathedral
Young Ladies' Sodality choir • and the
Cathedral male choir. The sermon will
be delivered by Rev. Philip O'Ry&n.
On the following day solemn high mass
will be celebrated at 10 o'clock. \V"eber'i>
mass in E Hat will be sung; offertory,
"Ave Maria" (Loretz). quartet and
chorus. At the evening services Rev.
Charles A. Ramm will deliver the dis
course.
Solemn high mass will be celebrated at
11 o'clock Sunday morning. Rev. E. P.
Dempsey will preach the sermon. The
music will be Hurhmel's mass in E flat;
at the offertory a trio will render "Jesu
Dci.Vlvi," by Verdi. Very Rev. J. J.
Prendergast, V. G.. will deuver the ser
mon at the evening services.
Important Services Will Be
Held at Cathedral to
Honor a Saint.
TRIDUUM WILL
COMMEMORATE
CANONIZATION
OIL PIPE LINE SCANDAL
MAY DEFEAT H. C. DIBBLE
Assertion That Check for $250 Was Not Drawn
Until Brunei* Ascertained Dibble's Charge.
Claim That Ante-Election Promises
in Platform Vitiate Any Action
That May Now Be Taken
Against the Company.
"The Board of Public Works and
the Board of Supervisors are now
paying the bribe money that secured
their appointment and election."
This wa< the oharpe made yester
day by Frank Sh*»a. the attorney,
before Judge SeawelL H* referred to the
ar.ie-<'lociion pi«Hi({»" of candidates to re
move tli*- Mission tracks, and to the pres
ent aiurr.pt of the Supervisors and the
B^ard of Public Works to do t>o, and he
cinimto that the pledge, made in order to
L-^uie election, now i^uliilies and invali
dates sny atiPinpt i>> carry it out.
1 t.v i>K'Og' j ot candiuait-s. he asserted,
dlvestea mem of power to obey the will
ot the people, and It must be left for fu
ture ui. p. rated boards to force the re
moval cm the Mission tracks.
A dtmurrcr ana a motion to strike out
larts <A the Southern Pacific Company's
I'liip.aint. in wftlch judgment is prayed
endowing the boards named from proceed
ing t<"» ronv-ve the Mission tracks, were
called for argument by JudKO Sea well.
AsM.-tant City and County Attorney
Oeorg* IV. I*ane argued the riemurrer.
His cmuncr attacked the sufficiency of
tho complaint as w«ll as the ripht of the
corporation to a ri^ht of way over the
larr«l> cnvered by it* tracks. In its plead
ii.gs the company asserts that from Sev
enteenth street Bontn the rails are laid
ever !andF acquired by purchase. Tills
>uttfnifnt was resisted by Mr. Kane. The
tnrp irmion. he sairt. had no franchise to
fj'f-rate over the lands In question and
the tracks crossed street? which vore laid
before th* company's rails. As the com
pany had n<> franchise the crossing of
these streets- was illegal, lie said, and left
the corpcration without right to complain
and with no defense to the actions of the
board.
In the corporation's complaint planks
frnrn the Republican and Democratic mu-
DlcfpaJ j'latforms pledpinjt CHmlidatm to
rru.ve for the removal of the Mission
tracks are ri'e-S. Mr. Foulds. who. with
John Garner 2nd Mr. Shea, represents the
Southern Pacific, said that these planks (
«w" eery material. They show, he s.iid.
that thoy were placed in the platform for |
pn!itioa' purposes to secure the votes of
Missioi residents.
"Trvn." said City and County Attorney !
Lare. "you will admit that the tracks are I
a nuisance and are so deemed by the resi- '
dPniF of tbe Mission."
"No." answered Koulds. "The apita- !
tinn against th** tracks in the Mission is t
th* result of ncitator!" and r°litfcal alarm- i
lsts. Th" sentiment asrainst the tracks, if 1
such ther* is. is not that of the Mission !
residents, but is said to be . that of j
apitators who expect to reap a benefit j
by enlisting the people of the Mission in a ,
fijrht ajralrst the tracks."
Here the debate ended and George W. |
Lane concluded his areument. '¦
Peculiar Contention of the
Sout hern Pacific to Save
Us Rails.
HOW A PLEDGE
MAY WORK ITS
0WN UNDOING
An agreement was made yesterday
morning between the poolse'.lers and Chief
Sullivan regarding the cases now pending
In the police courts that two would be
tried without a Jury and that no technical
points would be raised. The only points
to be determined are what constituted a
pool and Is the anti-poolroom ordinance
constitutional.? By this means the cases
may be speedily brought before the Su
perior Court. If the decision on appeal
Is unfavorable to the poolsellers they will
plead guilty in all the remaining cases
and a nominal fine will be inflicted on
their promise that they will stop the bu«i
ness of selling pools.
The first of the two cases agreed upon
was called before Judge Mogan Yesterday
afternoon. It was that of George Duncan
a clerk in D. J. Crowley"s pool rooms'
*iity jurors had been summoned and were
In attendance, when Attorney Joseph Cof
fey arose and notified the Judge of the
agreement. George D. Collins for the de
fendant said that the agreement had been
made without his consent, but he had to
submit.
The Judge notified the Jurors that their
presence would rot be required and the
case was at once proceeded with.
Policemen Proll and Larkln testified
in effect that they bought a pool from the
defendant on the McGovern-Dixon fight
This was all the evidence and the Judge
convicted the defendant and ordered him
to appear for fentence Mondav.
The other case, that of Harry Corbett,
will be tried before- Judge Cabanlss on
Tuesday with the same dispatch.
The cases of Harry Corbett, Walter Mc-
Inerney and William Daly were to have
been decided >m appeal by Judges Cook.
Lawlor and Dunne sitting in bank yester
day, but they intimated when the" cases
were called that they ¦were not ready to
deliver judgment. The cases were con
tinued till next Friday, when it is expect
ed that judgment will be rendered.
The cases on appeal nf W. D. Valentine,
H. Muller. M. Burke and A. Pritchard.
convicted by Judge Cabaniss on the
charge of conducting a "clock game,"
came up before the same Judges yester
day for argument. Attorney Collins for
the defendants had not concluded his ar
gument when the court adjourned till
next Friday
Poolsellers' Friends Likely to Be Ar-
BOGUS SIGNATURES FOUND.
rested for Perjury To-Day.
' Arrests are likely ¦ to follow the\ filing
of the> petition to have an amendment
printed .on the ballots for the iiext elec
tion authorizing the Felling of pools on
sporting events. The petition contained
over 2u,uOO names and many of these it is
claimed are forgeries.
During the past few days Registrar of
Voters Walsh, suspecting that fraud was
practiced In obtaining signatures to the
petition, has been mak ng a quiet inves
tigation with the result that he intends
to swear warrants for the arrest of sev
eral of the offenders.
. Before the petition was filed Thomas
Wheland of 20 Mason street, W. E. Sei
dell of >,1107^j Treat avenue and Herman
Colnen. of: HO Kills street went before a
Notary Public and. swore that "they were
familiar with the matter contained in the
petition and that each and every signa
ture was bona fide." Their affidavit was
attached to the petition and was subse
quently filed with the Registrar. Yester
day ofl looking: over the document ilie
Registrar discovered that the name of
Edward Hughes of 142 Silver street graced
it no less than four times.
"U'alen remembered that the same
Hughes some time ago appeared before
him and after announcing that he was
Illiterate, asked to be registered. Follow
ing the usual custom in such cases, the
Registrar had him make an affidavit to
that effect. At that time Hughes swore
that he could not read nor write, having
never attended school. An examination
of his supposed signatures to the petition
shows that they were written by some
body who could easily pass an examina
tion in penmanship before the Civil Serv
ice Commissioners.
Satisfied that the signatures were not
written by Hughls, Registrar Walsh yes
terday afternoon visited the Hall of
Justice, intending to consult with the Po
lice Judges as to the swiftest way to
prosecute the men who made affidavit
that the signatures to the petition were
bona flde. There was no Judge present
and the matter was left in abeyance until
to-day.
, Walsh Is wrothy over the discovery,
and it Is very piobable thnt he will swear
to complaints charging Wheland. Seidell
and Colnen with swearing falsely to the
affidavit which was attached to the pe
tition.
Two Cases Are to Be Heard "With
out a Jury and an Appeal
Taken to Superior
Court.
Agreement Reached Between
the Police and the
-Poolmen
POOL CASES TO
BE TESTED ON
THEIR MERITS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1900.
Called Them Poets q£ Purpose.
Professor Gayley lectured yesterday aft
ernoon before the Channing Auxiliary,
choosing for his subjects the Poets R03
«=eui. Swinburne and William Morris.
These poets the lecturer classed aa poets
of revival, revolt and reform, and rea<i
selections from their works to bear out
his theory. Friday next Gayley will again
speak before the society, and his subject
will be "Some Women Poets." The lec
ture will take place, as Mid the one of yes
terday, in the parlors of the First Uni
tarian Church, corner of Geary and
Franklin streets.
LIMITS OF FORTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY
DISTRICT AND THE RIVAL CANDI
DATES.
8
TO
PRIXCESS.
FROM •
GROCER'S
DAUGHTER
THE
LIFE STORY
OF
CLARA
PRENTICE,
NOW
PRINCESS
HATZFELT.
FATAL
FASCINATION
OF
BEAUTY.
THE STORY
OF
DELFINA
LOPEZ,
FOR WHOM
AND
KILLED.
MEN
HAVE FOUGHT
By STUART ROBSON.
SOME OF MY
STAGE
EXPERIENCES.
AND
ESCAPADES
THRILLING
ADVENTURES
IN
INDIA.
OF
DAISYLEITER
DANGLING
FROM
A
BALLOON
THOUSAND
FEET
FROVI EARTH.
AMERICA'S GREATEST
MATRIMONIAL FREAK.
CALIFORNIA'S STRANGEST
MUSICAL FREAK.
The English tobacco trade employs to-
day 121 women to every 100 men. • • •
THE PAST AND EUTURE OE PRIZEFIGHTING.
By JOHN L. SULLIVAN.
Than other dealers in prices and
terms of
Renting
Selling:.
Everybody can own a piano.
Call and let us tell jvu how.
REMEMBER THE
BIG MUSIC HOUSE,
KOHLER & CHASE
KNABE AGENCY.
Headquarters:
£6-30 O'FARRifLL ST.,
San Francisco!
We
Do
Better
PIANOS.
Kohler & Cnase pve easiest terms
Tory small *»« *» easr
OAKlCRS FOR DIZZIHESS. * L "
fiPNllTMP WlTTLE FOR BIUOUSMESS. rcvmVlJ
atlNUliNL |f urn FOR TORPID LIVER. uElSUINB
1 PI LLS F0R CONSTIPATION.
WEAPPER MZ!m for sallow swa. WPAPPFB
naArrcn j^Ml [ppR the complexioh WKArr£a
_ . GZmXTCOS *ru*THAVf«yjHATU»e.
'tPRnSTTED OIT REID
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /£u^z&^>,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY^
...OCTOBER 21. 1891...
THE ROMANCE
0E
INDIAN KATE,
GEO. CARMACK
WHO
SHOWED THE
GOLD OE
THE KLONDIKE
or
TO
OCTOBER
OVERLAND MONTHLY
NOW OUT
PROFUSELY ILLUSTRATED.
ARTICLES AND STORIES BY THE
BEST WESTERN WRITERS.
Special Fiction:
"iiow tbe Cveralls Won."
A California Football Ta.'e
By Carroll Carrmgion.
DON'T 31ISS IT.
PRICE 10 CENTS
fc'* *tf*v-*^-*"" 5^."£ SHAPE **¦ **r iff* *^*3vC ¦
$**¦ *^*^f * It/ ' 9hf' ' wf m".
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
• The best «Tl<Jene# of the popularity of
the«e hotels can be fotxnd la the continued
patronage of those who on some previous
occasion have ciade th*>m their head-
<jiiarter» when visiting San Francisco.
Connected by a covered, passaseway and
operated under ens management on th*
American and European plan.
Price 25 cents. All druggists, or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DB
FORD. 175 K. Spring St.. L*>s Angeles. CaL
Coal brings the highest price In South
Africa and the lowest In China,This issue of -the" News Letter Is one of
special briskness. "Plum Puddln' Tom
my" writes- about touts, Thomas M. Ca
leb writes about an American architec
ture and ¦ Reginald Schuyler writes about
the "girl brat." The regular depart
ments are atockod with good reading. •
To-Day 's News Letter.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Rebecca L. Strong against George J.
Strong for desertion. ' r Elizabeth Koenig
against Charles A. Koenig for infidelity,
Katie Keane against Frank M. Keane for
desertion and Augusta Xlemier against
Nieraier for cruelty.
In the IMvorce Court.
St. Bricld's bazaar continues at the Me
chanics' Pavilion and is drawing a fine
attendance, being attractive from all
points of view. Father Cottle is present
all the time and does much* to secure
success. He is ably Eeconded by the ladies
of the parish. Yesterday the boys from
the Sacred Heart College attended. ' Xext
Tuesday evening ther* will be a high tea.
and promenade concert for the entertaln-
Twpyif q£ visitors.
St. Brigid's Bazaar Draws Crowd.
An exhibition of the work of students
of the Partington School of Illustration
will be held this afternoon In the rooms of
the school at 424 Pine street. The exhibi
tion will open at 2 o'clock and will' be free
to tho public. - ¦
Partington Students' Exhibition.
Urges Removal of Cobblestones.
The North Central Improvement Asso
ciation sent a communication yesterday
to the Board of Supervisors regarding
th« offer of property owners to assist In
the work of repaying Grant avenue. The
association directs attention to its peti
tion to the Board of Public Works urg
ing that the repairing of the street be
postponed until the work of removing
cobbles in the business district is pro
ceeded with.
A mass meeting will be held for men
only at the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation Auditorium to-morrow afternoon
at 3 o'clock. Francis Murphy, the world
renowned temperance orator and worker,
will address the meeting. Special music:
contralto polo, "O Rest in the Lord"
(Elijah). Miss Adeline E. Birchler; tenor
solo "Heavenly Dream." Dan Lawrence;
duet "Holy Father, Guide His Foot
steps." from "Maritana," Miss Birchler
and Mr. Lawrence. Mr. Murphy will also
read his original poem, "Sheridan's
Charge." AH young men are invited to
this service.
Francis Murphy to Speak.
"Wong Hing, a witness for the State In
the case against a Suey Sing highbinder
charged with the murder of Wong Go<»y
In March last, claims he was chased along
Jtt-ckson street Thursday afternoon by
two Suey Sing highbinders, who would
have killed him had the police not put !n
an appearance at the opportune moment.
Hing claims that his enemies have re
sorted to this mode of disposing of him
as a witness.
by Two Murderous Suey
Sing Highbinders.
= ~ ==
CHINESE WITNESS
FEARS FOR HIS LIFE
Wong Hing Claims He Was Chased
Send In your names as soon as you car
to William H. Menton, if convenient, be
cause Mr. Menton will i>e In charge of the
excursion and wishes to make the com
fort of each member of the party his
personal care. But if not convenient to
reach Mr. Menton, any Southern Pacific
agent will take your name and make your
reservation. ;.-.:-:¦-• ¦'.-.: .'-';»-'
This has now become an Important ques
tion, and should be aiu.we.red one way or
the other at the earliest practicable mo
ment by all who have the subject under
consideration. Those who answer it af
firmatively owe it to themselves and* to
the promoters of the excursion to send
in their names and muite reservations im
mediately. The selection and preparation
of proper equipment for a trip of 50)0
miles, which Is to consume an entire
month, is not by any means a matter of
small concern, and th.it everybody's com
fort and welfare may be considered It is
of the utmost importance that plenty of
time be allowed.
Are you going to Mexico on the gTeat
excursion train of the Southern Pacific,
which leaves this city Wednesday, No
vember 14?
ARE YOU GOING
TO MEXICO?
If So, Make Your Reserva
tion Early.
John Murray, an upholsterer, was sent
to the County Jail for three months by
Judge Conlan yesterday on the charge of
petty larceny. He stole a newspaper
from the doorway of Curtln's dry goods
store on Market street.
W. J. Edwards, the boy who surren
dered himself to the police In San Jose,
confessing that he had committed a burg
lary In Mrs. Catherine Waldron's lodging
house, 933 Howard street, on October 13.
was held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Conlan in $2000 honds.
John Halloran, who lired a shot at Henry
Hetherlngton at Third and Market streets
during a dispute over the Boers, appeared
"before Judge Conlan yesterday on the
charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
Hetherlngton refused to swear to a com
plaint, but the Judpe continued the case
till Monday. Halloran was released on
$500 cash ball. J^V''^--';;":"'.
James Mindham, the lumber clerk, who
threatened to kill his wife and his two
stepdaughters at 254 Langdon street with
a hatchet, was held in JoOO bonds to keep
the peace by Judge Cabaniss.
Stealing a Newspaper.
INCIDENTS IN POLICE COURT.
John Murray Given Three Months for
Postmaster Montague received a cable
pram from Manila yesterday announcing
the death at that place tit Philip A. Conk
1'.-.:. one of the postal clerks stationed in
that city. Mr. Conklin was registry
clerk in the main pogtoffice in this city up
to six months ago, "when he was sent io
the Philippines to expedite the poetofflc*
work there. When he- left this city he
was in robust health and the news of his
demise was a shock to Ms friends. Young
Corklin was unmarried and his parents
live here. His aped father waa notified of
the ead news by Postmaster Montague
The body will be embalmed and sent
hom<> for interment.
Philip Conklin Bead in Manila.
Yorke Council Ball.
York? Council No. 50S. Y. M. I., will give
a s-ouvenir entertainment and ball this
< resins in T'nion Square Hall. A large
photograph of Rev. Peter C. Yorke. chap
iain of the organization, will be dis
tributed. The committee of arrange
ments having the affair in charge has
v^rk'-'i with a view to making the affair
surpass anything of the kind ever given
by th»- f-ouncil. The following talent will
take part in the programme: William J.
Hynes. Avit La Faille. Joseph Hansen,
Miss KilRariff and Mips Du Fosse. Ed
ward O'Brien. Messrs. Murray, Dinsmore
and Cheney and Miss Clel and Miep Birdie
Trainor. The committee in charge con-
Bista of C. D. O'Connor, chairman, Lester
C'ophlan. R. M. Duffy, J. J. Barry and T.
J. I>oherty.
The board of directors of the Merchants'
Association hold a meeting yesterday in
the rooms of the association in the Mills
building. F. W. Dohrmann. president of
the association, occupied the chair and
the following directors were present: Fos
ter P Cole. C S. Benedict. Andrew M.
Davis. A. J. McNicoll. E. B. Pond, W. P.
Rf-dincrton, Hugo Rothschild and Frank J.
Fymmes.
It was decided to hold the annual dinner
cf the association on November 2L As
the question of the operation of public
utilities is one ihat must be carefully con
sidered by the citizens of San Francisco,
It wap (iec-ided to make this topic the sub
ject for disruption at the banquet. Four
prominent vpealcen will be invited to pre
sent hoth sides of the problem of muni
cipal ownership ar.d operation of public
utilities. The committee on publicity and
promotion !<a> the matter in charge, and
it is .-x;.f?ted This annual dinner will be
a notable occasion. The totai membership
of the association is 1203.
WIIX DISCUSS PUBLIC
UTILITIES AT BANQUET
Merchants' Association Preparing a
Notable Event — New Firms
Elected to Membership.
The preliminary examination of William
Schopplein. the boy charged with the mur
der of young James Brizzalare at Green
and Kearny street? Sunday September 30,
was commenced before Judge Conlan yes
terday. The evidence given by Henry
Kersten. a boy 12 years of age, living at 2
Kohler place, was of such a character
that the Judge came to the conclusion
something was wrong and continued the
case to Monday morning until a tran
script of the evidence given by the boy at
the Coroner's inquest could be procured.
Kersten contradicted himself with such
self-possession and nonchalance that he
was a marvel to the Judge and every one
in the crowded courtroom. Attorney De
voto specially prosecuted and ex- Judge
Treadwtll and Attorney Castelhun ap
peared for the defendant. r« M o«
Four bovs— A. Baracina, 336 Green
Ptreet; John McGowan, 33S Green street:
John Fava. 'JZ'J\± Green street, and Albert
Davalle. 12W -Montgomery avenue— had
given their testimony before Kersten was
called. Their testimony was practically to
the effect that they were all standing to
gether, when they saw Schopplein with a
gun in his hand. They ran for shelter and
heard a shot. Baracina heard some one
shout: "I^ook out; he is going to shoot.
They saw Brizzalare lying on the ground
and helped to carry him to a drugstore.
Schopplein was on top of the hill about
half a block away.
When Kersten wan called he began Dy
paying that he did not know Schopplein.
and in the next breath said that he had
given him his shotgun shortly before the
shooting. He and another boy were shoot-
Ing at a target, when Schopplein came up
and said. "Let me lopk at your gun." He
could not tell if the gun was loaded.
Schopplein had it for about three min
utes. He heard a shot go off. He could
not tell If he gave warning to the crowd
He could not tell If Schopplein discharged
the gun or not. He heard two sljots, but
did not know who fired them. He got the
srun bark from Schopplein after the shots
were fired.
When cross-examined by Attorney De
voto he admitted that he had been going
to and from the courtroom with the de
fendant's sister, but denied that she had
talked to him about the case.
"When you were examined at the Coro
nrr's imjuest," asked Attorney Devoto,
did you not testify that you shoutod,
"Look out. boys; he is going to shoot"?
Kcrpten at first denied that he had so
testified, but when propped by the Judge
said he was not sure. What he had testi
fied at the inquest was the truth. He ad
mitted that he had met Attorney Castel
hun at the Schopplein house, but nothing
was paid about the case. On Wedno.sdsiy
Mr. Schopplein took him to Treadwell's
office and Trr-adwoll told him to go to
Castelhun's office. He went there, but
nothing was said about the case. He had
to go \iith another boy. Castelhun Inter
rupted by remarking that he told him to
tell the truth.
"Did you not tell me," asked Attorney
Devoto, "In my ofllce that you yelled,
*I»ok out, boys; he is going to shoot'?"
"I>on't know that I did, was the an
swer. Kersten said Detective Gibson had
called for the gun. In answer to the
Judge Korsten said:
"I heard both phots. There wr« a lot
of rubbernecks gaping around and I was
looking to pee what I was going to do. 1
didn't take notice of Schopplein at all."
"There Is something wrong here," said
the Jurtgr, "and I will continue the case
till Monday, bo that a transcript of the
evidence given by the boy at the inquest
can be procured. It is Improbable that he
did not pee what was going on.'.'
When Kersten left the courtroom he
looked angrily at Attorney Devoto and
raid:
"I would like to knock that fellow's nut
off."
Kersten Seeks to Shield
Schopplein, Charged With
Murder.
TESTIMONY HAS A
SUSPICIOUS RING
United States Marshal Shine and
Deputy United States Marshal Jones
will start at 10 o'clock this morning with
the prisoner for New York City, where
Mr. Arnold will be taken in charge by
two gentlemen from Scotland Yard, ami
they will escort him to I»ndon. Marshal
Shine and Mr. Jones will travel first
class in a Pullman drawing-room car
"not like the British constabulary, you
know." Mrs. Arnold, wife of the prisoner
is without means to accompany her hus
band and will hardly De able to care for
herself pending the arrival of a small
remittance from her friends in England.
The last gun was fired yesterday after
noon in the desperate light made by Bert
Sehles'nger and Henry E. Hlghton to
hold Julian Trejrenna Biddulph Arnold
away from the Jurisdiction of the»Brltish
courts when the attorneys appeared b-;
foro United States District Judge Hawley
and raised the contention that as the
rules of the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals require that the defendant b<)
allowed fifteen days In which to ask for
a rehearing the court, violated its own
rules by issuing the mandate of extradi
tion before that period had elapsed.
Judge Hawley sent for United States
Circuit Judge Gilbert ;md after consulta
tion they announced thai they declined to
allow a stay of proceedings, they having
carefully considered the transcript of tes
timony in the case and having seen no
reason why they should grant a rehear
ing. The protest was accordingly dis
missed.
Pullman With United
States Marshal.
Will Cross Continent in
JULIAN B. ARNOLD
T0 ENGLAND GOES
Graham, accompanied by Attorney
Peixotto, called upon Property Clerk
Esola with an order from Fuller for the
return of the property taken from him
at the time he was arrested. Esola In
formed them that unaer section 2, chap
ter 8. of the charter he could only deliver
the property to Fuller personally," as the
section distinctly read that it was not to
be given to an attorney or agent.
> Graham and Peixotto asked Captain
Seymour to instruct the property clerk to
hand over the property to Graham, but
the captain declined to Interfere, as the
charter was too specific on the subject.
As a last resource they waited on Chief
Sullivan. The Chief went with them to
the property clerk and instructed him to
turn over the property to Graham. Gra
ham got the property, giving his receipt
for It. along with Fuller's order.
¦ The attention of the Chief was drawn
to the fact that he had been guilty of a
violation of the charter; but he said that
he would take the responsibility, as the
section must be liberally interpreted. He
quickly changed his mind, however, and
sent Captain Norman to notify Esola not
to deliver the property except to Fuller,
but Graham had departed with It. The
Chief at once dispatched an officer with
Instructions to find Graham and make
him return with the property. In about
half an hour Graham, accompanied by
Fuller, who a short time before had been
too sick to appear In court, called at the
property clerk's office. Graham handed
back the property and it was thereupon
delivered to .Fuller, who signed the neces
sary receipt.
Osborne Fuller, the wealthy young Eng
lishman who so brutally beat his wife In
the Leepalmer Thursday morning and
was arrested for drunkenness, failed to
appear In Judge Cabaniss' court yester
day morning. His friend, Donald de V.
Graham. Deputy County Clerk, was in
court and told the Judge that Fuller was
too sick to appear. Fuller's ball of {5
was declared forfeited.
Promptly Realizes His Mistake, How
ever, and Matter Is Straight
ened Out by Retransfer
of the Valuables.
Makes Property Clerk De :
liver Fuller's Effects to
an Agent.
CHIEF SULLIVAN
IGNORES CHARTER
Attorney Dunne of the Health Board
Informed Auditor "Weila yesterday that
he will bring mandamus proceedings to
compel him to audit bills for two tele
phones out of the board's fund3. Wells
contends that they should be paid out of
the regular telephone appropriation.
Should Dunne get a favorable decision a I!
the departments whose telephones wero
taken out by the Supervisors will install
them again and pay for them out of their
own funds.
Trouble Over Telephonss.
THERE was a flutter among rail
road men late yesterday after
noon over several .important
changes that are about to take
place in the personnel of the local
offices of the Colorado Midland and the
Union Pacific. H. C Bush, general agent
of the Colorado Midland in this city, has
been appointed traffic manager of that
road, with headquarters at Denver. Mr.
Bush will be succeeded as general agont
of the Colorado Midland by W. H. Daven
port at present genf-ral agent of the
freight department of, the I'nion Pacific
Mr. Davenport, who succeeds Mr. Bush,
was to have gone to Los Angvles as gen
eral agent of both passenger and freight
departments of the Union Pacific there,
but during his two years' stay in this city
hf> has become strongly attached to the
place and he preferred to make San Fran
cisco his permanent home.
Mr. Davenport has been with the Union
Pacific for thr past eleven years, nine of
which were spent In Los Angeles. The
vacancy created by his resignation will
be tilled by T. M. Schumacher, who, It Is
understood, will have charge of both the
freight and passenger departments In this
city. Mr. Schumacher is now in the East.
He recently resigned the vice presidency
of the Continental Fruit Express Coni
pany of Chicago. All the changes will
take effect November 1.
The promotion of Mr. Bush Is particu
larly gratifying to him, since he Is the
first to step into the newly created office
of traffic manager. *•
In this city.
Mr. Rush hits been a railroad man for
the past thirty years. He started with
the Kmpire line and by his exceptional
executive ability worked his way rapidly
to the front until to-day he stands high
In the estimation of railroad men. He
left the Santa Ke in July to go with the
Colorado Midland. Mr. Bush has made
many warm friends in San Francisco and
his departure will be regretted.
Coraeille, the famous French actress. Th<
Indies of the hospital section who will ac
as the reception committee on Tuesday
afternoon are:
Mrs. George Bates, Mn. E. P. Schell, Mrs.
W. P. Buckingham, Mrs. Rodney Kendrlck.
Mrs. Robert Barnett. Mrs. Frank Taylor. Mrs.
Loryea and Mrs. Grace.
The following young ladies have con
sented to act as ushers:
The Misses Rulofsln, Clara Tale, Florence
Bailey, Jennie Lonsr. Caroline Snook. SalMe
Fields. Madeline Post, Catherine Pike, Bella
and Sara Van Winkle. Clara Sharp. Edith Mc-
Kay, Laura Denson, Miss Beatty, Miss Wlllaa.
Ruby Sessions, Emma Eaton, Irene Thompson,
Stella Scott, Edith Manning and Eugenia
Brown.
PREPARATIONS for the monster
benefit to be given under the
auspices of the ladles of the Cali
fornia Club at the Orpheum Thea
ter Tuesday afternoon are nearly
completed. The programme Is replete
with bright and interesting numbers sup-,
plied by the best talent In the city, and
seats are in demand. The noble purposes
for which the entertainment is to be given
insure a liberal patronage and a hearty
success to the club's undertaking.
The receipts of the entertainment will
be donated to the social science depart
ment, which Is under the management of
Mrs. Arthur Cornwall. The social science
department is particularly attentive to
prison and hospital affairs, and the unfor
tunate inmates of both such institutions
have been the recipients of much favor
and relief through its efforts.
At the City and County Hospital the aid
extended by Mrs. Cornwall and her co
workers has been appreciated to such an
extent that six of its trained nurses have
consented to distribute programmes on
the afternoon of the performance, when
they will be attired in the neat regulation
costume of the professional nurse.
Miss Ruby Dawson, one of the cleverest
French impersonators in the city, has con
sented to give a "reproduction" of Mile.
TWO POPULAR RAILROAD OFFI
CIALS WHOSE PROMOTION IS AN
NOUNCED.
Captain Harry Rethers, brother of Dr.
Theodore Rethers of this city? was also a
passenger on the Sherman. He was con
lined for two weeks In the hospital at
Tientsin and on the hospital Bhlp Relief
for a week. The voyage home on the
Sherman has greatly Improved his health.
Captain Rethers has an- enviable record
since first he donned the suit of blue. He
enlisted as a private In the Ninth Infan
try In 1S02. served for several years and
then successfully passed the competitive
examlnntlon for commission of second
lieutenant. Since receiving his commis
sion he has seen service In Cuba, the
Philippines and China, receiving frequent
ly honorable mention In the reports of his
commanding officers. In the assault on
Tientsin he served as lieutenant of Com
pany D, Ninth Infantry, and was brevet
ted captain for gallant conduct.
Private James M. Halnes, Company E.
Thirty-seventh Infantry, and Private
James H. Richardson, Company F, Thir
ty-ninth Infantry, were sick men when
thf> ship left Manila and died on the last
day of the voyage. The other soldiers
who died on the trip were at death's door
on the day of sailing and it was hoped
that the voyage would prove of benefit,
hut they succumbed. Their names are:
Peter Savery, Company B, Nineteenth In
fantry; John F. Carroll, prisoner, late
Company L, Thirty-sixth Infantry: Wil
liam Gordan. Company B, Engineer Corps-
William H. Morse. Company L, Ninth In
fantry; John M. Thompson, Company B,
Engineer Corps: Henry Sutter, Company
L, Thirty-second: Bert J. Emmona, Bat
tery K. First Artillery, Edward J. Ander
son, Troop A, Eleventh Cavalry; Edwin
Ellis, Company E, Forty-seventh Infan
try.
Four men died on the hospital ship Re
lief and their bodies, with the remains of
forty-two others who died In Manila, were
brought on the Sherman.
Several of the soldiers spoke of the
many valuable furs that were picked up
on the entry of the Americans Into
Peking. Fur capes, caps and coats of
great value were wcrn around the streets
of Peking by the men for several days.
On a call being Issued by the doctors on
behalf of the wounded men In the field
hospitals, who were suffering from the
cold, the men turned the warm garments
over to the Hospital Corps.
Lieutenant G. W. Lee, Thirty-ninth In
fantry, son of General Fltzhugh Lee, was
a passenger on the Sherman. He has
been in Manila with his regiment and was
Invalided home a sufferer from dysentery.
The other officers on the transport, who
were suffering from wounds, are Captain
Lang and Lieutenant Waldron. Captain
Lang was wounded in the battle of Tien
.tsin, having been hit by a shell in the
back, near the right shoulder. The X ray
was used at Nagasaki In an effort to lo
cate the fragments but without success,
and the captain was sent to this country
for treatment. Lieutenant Waldron car
ries his right hand in a sling as the result
of a wound received In the §ame engage
ment.
"A number of our boys owe their
wounds to the mistakes made by the Eng
lish and Russian gunners. Many of our
men who had endured the long march" and
had escaped unscathed the fire of the
Chinese and who expected to reach Peking
with their comrades were either killed or
wounded by this tire."
Jacob Schwoebel of Company M, Four
teenth Infantry. Is another victim of tho
fire from the allied forces. The English
gunners sent two shells in the midst of
our troops, wounding many of the boys
In blue, one of whom was Schwoebel.
Fragments of the shell struck him In both
legs and in the left arm, causing severe
wounds. When seen yesterday at the hos
pital he said:
Private W. R. Adams of Company E of
the Fourteenth lnfantcy suffers from the
fatal mistake made by the Russian gun
ners, who fired from the rear Into the
American ranks at the battle of Vangtsun.
A shell from ithe Russian guns burst In
the air directly over the head of Private
Adams and he was struck by the frag
ments. The entire side of his face was
carried away, disfiguring him In a horri
ble manner.
There were only thirty-four men who
were unable to walk to the hospital, and
their condition was not any worse than
it was on the day they left Manila.
Major Gibson, surgeon In charge of the
transport service, said yesterday while
superintending ;he removal of the men
from the ship: "Notwithstanding rumors
theso men are In as good condition as any
of -:he men we havs yet received from the
islands or from China. I>ysentery makes
terrible ravages upon the strongest of
men, and In a short time will reduce a
big, strong man to a mere skeleton. With
in a few days the majority of these men
will be discharged, as their condition will
warrant their return to their homes. This
disposition, of course, applies only to the
volunteers. The regulars will be kept
here, for treatment or restored to duty,
which will be determined by medical ex
amination."
For many days past the officers In
charge of the general hospital at the Pre
sidio have been making preparations for
the reception of the large number of sick
and wounded soldiers expected on the
transport Sherman. So complete were
their arrangements that It required but a
half day to dispose of the 637 sick, con
valescent and Insane soldiers that were
landed yesterday.
The condition of thjb men, considering
their long trip and the large number car
ried, is of the best. On their arrival at
the Presidio they were mustered into
squads and those In need of immediate at
tention were assigned to the various
warda in the hospital. Twenty-five per
cent of the men were found to be abla to
stand garrison life and these were sent
to the quarters about the reservation.
Most of the men on the vessel were from
Manila, and are suffering from dysenteryi
though many of them had mementoes of
the short but deadly strife In China. The
men who were carried or helped off the
McDowell at the Presidio wharf minus
legs and arms and suffering from wounds
were soldiers who participated In the fur
ther operations of the Ninth and Four
teenth Infantry after the taking of Tien
tsin. The march from Tientsin to Peking
was made under the greatest difficulties,
the advance being checked many times by
fierce engagements with the "Chinos."
Major Gibson Says the Men Look
as Well as Any That Have
Been Invalided
Home.
Are Cheerful, Although Suf
fering From Wounds
and Disease.
SOLDIERS' HOME
ON THE SHERMAN
FROM THE WARS
The State of California will be- with
drawn from the Portland run at once and
fitted out for the Alaskan excursion trade.
Gooiiall, Perkins & Co. retire from the
agency of the Oregon Railway and Navi
gation Company and Captain George Con
way, who has been "superintendent of the
water line," now becomes "superintend
ent of the water division" also.
The steamer State of California Is to ba
withdrawn from the Portland route and
operated between Seattle and Ska^uay as
an express steamer, running In conjunc
tion with the new steamer Spokane, now
building at the Union Iron Works and de
signed expressly for that service.
In addition to these vessels the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company will operate
on the Southeast Alaska route the- steam
ers City of Topeka, Al-Kl. Cottage City
and Senator, the latter to ran exclusively
betwecn Vancouver. B. C-. and Skaguay.
The witndrawal of the Stat?' of Califor
nia from the Portland run means that the
Oregon Railway and Navigation Company
will now have- to depend upon the Colum
bia and George "W. Klder for Us passen
ger trade between San Francisco and Co
lumbia River points. Both are good.
stanch vessel?, but neither of them can
begin to compare with the State of Cali
fornia.
The new passenger steamers will be VV>
feet long, with a guaranteed speed of 17
knots, and superior accommodations for
£00 passengers.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Compajiy
has arranged for several imporwint addi
tions to its fleet and Improvements in Its
service for the coming year, principal
among which Is the building of two large
modern passenger steamers to run be
tween San Francisco and Puget Sound.
The steamers now employed on that route
are to be rebuilt for service as colliers.
Modern Vessels Will Be Built to Re-
place Them and a Revolu
tion in Trade Will ,
Ensue.
Passenger Boats Running to
the Sound to Be Turned
Into Colliers.
NEW STEAMERS
FOR PACIFIC
COAST TRADE
WILL ALL WORK
FOR AMENDMENT
NUMBER FIFTEEN
Teachers Prepare for "a
Short but Vigorous
Campaign-
Aim of the Measure Will Be Ex
plained to Every Voter, in the
State by Circular
Letter.
The committee will bring the matter of
the campaign before the meeting of prin
cipals to be h'ld next Monday.
The campaign committee appointed yes
terday at the mass meeting by C W.
Mark. who presided, is composed of
;..¦-:.-. Brooks. Josenh O'Connor. Mrs.
Mary Prap. T. H. McCarthy, and the
litigation committee that engineered so
successfully the negotiations with the
merchants for the balance in the school
treasury a year ago. This committee is
composed of Colonel C. H. Murphy, \V. D.
Kingshury. Miss Emma Stlncen.'Mrs. L.
K. Burke and Louis de F. Bartlett. The
committee met immediately after the
mass meeting and organized by the elec
tion of Colonel Murphy chairman, W. D.
Kingsbury secretary and Elisha Brooks
treasurer. Tlu re was some discussion as
to the plan of work and then the work of
preparing a circular was left to the chair
man and secretary. A press committee
composed of \V. D. Kingsbury, Joseph
O'Connor. Mrs. Prag and Miss Stincen
«'af appointed.
The trass meeting yesterday war repre
sentative, but not large, and it was con
sidered that all the teachers would be
willing to agree to any measure decided
upon at the meeting and would be
¦willing to contribute in anv wav the
meeting should see tit. . It was decided to
appoint a committee of nine to take up
the matter of the campaign, and do
whatever was considertd necessary to
...-.-•¦ in favor of the amendment. *
Kor funds it was decided to asses? the
teachers in proportion to their salaries.
Those who receive 1200 a month and more
will pay $3; those who receive between
iV.v and $:?«• a month, $2: those who re
ceive Icfs than SlltO, II. it is believed this
will make a fund sufficient for ail the
purposes of the campaign.
The work cf the campaign will be di
rected toward securing a correct knowl
edge on the part of the voters as to what
lh< amendment is, and what its effect
will be. Jt is desirtd to remove the im
pression that with the teachers" claims
will he included a batch of illegal claims,
which will all be put through under the
amendment. There is nothing provided
for but the claims of the teachers and
those of the merchants whose claims
nave been allowed by the Supervisors,
and their payment will be charged upon
the city and county of San Francisco
<;ily. . The amendment goes no further
than to pive power to the Supervisors to
appropriate sufficient mon<\v to pay those
Claims which they are willing to aliow of
those that are hanging over from 1*"S7 and
2*9*. and the amount allowed by the
amendment is limited to $5n>t/«iO.
Thpre was a mass mopting of teachers
la th<* Mission Hieh School yesterday
aft*>rnonn to inaugurate the campaign for
the passage of constitutional amendment
Dumber fifteen, the one which, if passed,
will enable the Supej visors to pay the
back salaries the School Department has
held nut from Its employes.
There is Is all about $130 .Ouu due the
teachers, but there is no way for them
to get it except by a constitutional
amendment, and number fifteen was
crawn up to meet the occasion.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1900.
BUSH GOES TO DENVER
AS TRAFFIC MANAGER
Colorado Midland Flam Promoted.
Succeeded by W. H. Davenport.
CALIFORNIA CLUB TO
HAVE A GREAT SHOW
Programme, as Outlined, Gives Promise of Being
One of tine Best Ever Offered Here.
CLEVER YOUNQ WOMAN WHO
WILL ASSIST AT THE CALI
FORNIA CLUB BENEFIT.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Joseph T. O'Connor, as Justice of the
•Peace, asFurh e<iual and fair ¦ treatment
for. each and every party appearing, be-
Xdxa him, ¦ . ', •
GRAPE-NTJTS.
S Nature uses S
® Albcxea and Phosphate of Potash ©
3 to make §
| brains |
© These are found in %
I Grape-Nuts]
DELICIOUS FOOD.
Grape-Nuts, the delicious new food,
needs no cooking. It is ready for in-
stant use and is a crisp! toothsome dish
of a decidedly new flavor. Its taste is
likewise a hint of its high value as a
strength making food, welcome to ath- ]
lcte, brain-worker and invalid. j
Grocers sell it. " - _J
No Other Person Has So Wide An
Experience with Woman's Ills,
Nor Such a Record of Success, —
"A Woman Best Understands a
Woman's Ills." — Her Advice Led
Maggie Farrell to Health.
Examination by a male physician is a hard trial to a delicately organized
woman. She dreads the humiliation of it alL
She therefore puts it off as long as she dare, and is only driven to it by fear
of cancer, polypus, or some dreadful sickness.
Most frequently such a woman leaves a physician's office, where she has un-
dergone a critical examination, more or less discouraged.
This condition of mind destroys the effect of advice, and she grows worse
rather than better.
In consulting Mrs. Pinkham, in person or by letter, no hesitation need be
felt. The story is told to a woman, and is entirely confidential — to a woman
•who has listened to thousands of similar stories — and who is so competent to
advise women because of vast experience, and because she is a woman. Her
advice is absolutely free to all sick women, and her address is Lynn, Mass.
Bead Miss Farrell's account of how she was sick, and was lead to health
by Mrs. Pinkham. She is only one of thousands whom Mrs. Pinkham has
cured this year.
Female Weakness Relieved by Mrs, Phskham.
" I take pleasure in writing you a few lines thanking 1 you for your advice. I
did just as you told me in taking your medicine, and owe my life to you. You
are like a mother, to your sex. I was awful sick, was all run down, and felt
sick all over. I looked like a person brought out of the grave. My face waa
as white as the driven snow. I was always tired after doing a little work, and
would have to sit down. I had terrible pains and headaches, and my appetite
was not good ; also, troubled with shortness of breath. I could nob go up one
flight of stairs without being tired and having to stop to get my breath. I waa
feeling just as miserable as could be. I took two bottles of your Vegetable
Compound, and cannot express my thanks to you for what your medicine has
done for me." — Miss Mamie Farrell, 35 Devon St., Grove Hall, Boston, Mans.
. .
/?| r ft A A REWARD. —We have deposited vrith the National City Bank of Lynn, $3000,
'C n 1 1 I which will be paid to any person who can find that the abore testimonial letters
¦ l\. it I 1 aro llot Pennine, or were published before obtaining the writer's sp.-cUl p«r-
WwWUW mission. 1.YDIA E. PLKKHAM MEDICINE COTLOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
CHICAGO. Oct. 19.— CATTLE-rReceipts, 2000.
Generally steady, to a -shade higher. Good to
prime steers, $5 40@5 85; poor" to medium. . $4 40
@3 $5; I "selected feeders, steady, J3 75@4 45;
mlMd ¦ •tockers, alow, : $2 7R3* 7&t cow», steady.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- Deo. Feb.
Opening •:••« H 62
C 1061^ 6 % ,.61%
PARIS.
Oct. Jan.-April.
Opening „.. 19 90 21 10
Closing 19 80 21 10
Flour-
Opening 25 35 28 85
Cloting 25 25 2« 84
Chicago Livestock Market.
Z_ATtlc\e!>- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 30. 000 i« Tron
Wheat, bushels ........223,000 gjj'ooo
Corn, bushels 443.000 231*000
OetB, bushels .266.000 410'oort
Kye. bushels 21.000 s'oer
Barley, bushels 104,000 • SojoOO
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butt*r
market was flrm; creamery. 16@21Vic- dalrv
12CM8C. Cheese, firm, 10U@ll%c. Egga, Bteady
fresh, 17V&C
The repression noted Is, perhaps,' most promi
nent in the Iron and steel 'industries, where
values for ' the -cruder materials remain - well
down to the lowest point reached in more than
a year past, and even here.it may be noted
that a larger volume of rail steel orders have
been placed this year than In former periods.
Sales thi« week of rails are estimated at 15,000
tons, mostly at the West. Structural material
makers are reported exceptionally well fixed
as to orders, although . a meeting of makers
it Is rumored, may cut rates. Pigiron has been
slow of eale, but Chicago : reports that a busi
ness of at least 100,000 tons is in sight that
may be placed after election. : The large steel
mills are well supplied - with orders. Chough
at low prices and the usual scramble for fall
business is absent this year.
Wheat, Including flour, ehlpments for theweek
aceretrated - 8,7&6,643 bushels, * actUnst 4,297,853
Prices of farm products have tended down
ward this week. The most notable drop - hae
been In cotton, half a cent for the week,' and
one cent from the highest point reached, due to
the eood picking weather and absence of frost
encouraging maximum estimates of yield, but
also because of the heavy weight of receipts
brought out by the high- prices of two weeks
ago. ..
Eastern wholesale trade Is quiet but steady.
Grope railway returns continue excellent, con
sidering the reports of quiet In all other lines,
and net returns for August are much more en
couraging than those of July. The country's
foreign trade is In flattering condition, Septem
ber exports being the largest ever reported for
that month, and. swelled by the high prices for
cotton shipments, the nine months' returns
are far in advance of all previous years. Im
ports, on the other hand, show few gains and
the outlook Is for a record-breaking export
trade af d a merchandise I balance for the cal
endar year far In advance of all other years.
As the Jobbing distributive . trade tends to
lesson with the advance of the fall season, the
repressive Influences of ante-election feeling
becomes more clearly t>ercentible and the re
sult fe a generally quiet, though at the same
time confident, feeling In general trade, which
the stock market has apparently begun to dis
cour.t, with the result of swelling current bank
clearings well above recent totals. As for some
time past the best trade advices come from the
South, which remains cheerful In spite of
lower cotton. Pacific Coast advices are that
export trade Is very larse as the result of
army needs ajid Asiatic requirements. North
western trade Is on the whole quiet, and the
disposition to charge the election with this Is
manifest.
NEW YORK, Oct. IS.— Bradstreet's to-morrow
will say: •
Bradstreet' s on Trade.
Wh'eat^o. 2- Open - H ' Sh - W - Clo3e 
°.'' tob <r 73'i 73'i 73 731!
November 73»i 73% 73^ 733i
December 74Vi 74% 74H 74%
Corn No. 3—
October 39',4 S»H . 3S% 3 9U
£cvember 37% 87% 37 3714
December 3S& 35«| 35 35s?
M OaU^-ill-- 86 36 * 36 *'*
l^m^r-::::::::: gi 11% gg gg
December ; 22 22 21% 22
Mf-ss Pork, per barrel-
November 11 00 11 12^ 11 00 11 v>u
January n 27V4 1142^ 11 27V4 1140
Lard, per ioq pounds —
October .... fi 95
November 6 82% 6 !>2Vs 8 82V4 6 S2'i
January 6 70 6 77V4 6 70 6 774
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
October ....6 60- 6 90 6 60 6 10
November 6 22V4 « 25 6 J2',4 6 25
Jaruary 5 95 6 02V6 5 95 6 02«4
Cash quotations wore as follows: Flour
dull and easy; No. 3 spring wheat, 6S«4^'73V4c'
No. 2 rod. 73V6<f?75c; No. 2 corn, 33^©33u c :
No. 2 oats. 21?i<2 L 22Uc: No. 2 white. 25c; No.? 3
white, 23©24^c; No. 2 rye. 41>%c: fair to choice
malting. 4SGC5c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 84- No 1
Northwestern, $1 85; prime timothy seed' Si 13®
4 20; mess pork, per ,b%rrel. $11 60@ll 75; lard
per 100 pounds, 16 fi(XJ6 95; short-rib sided
(loose), $S 60W6 90; dry salted shoulders (boxed)
$S2=iig6£0; short clear sides (boxed), $6 SIVY'S)
.7; clover, contract grade. $10 25. m^
CHICAGO, Oct. 10.— At the outset and during
most of the forenoon the paramount Issue In
wheat was to be found In the Argentine ship
ments. 260,000 bushels, compared with 944,000
bushels In the week previous, and the resultant
advance at Liverpool in the face of the decline
here yesterday. December opened He higher at
74H to 74%O74Hc. but this advance was suffi
cient to get scalpers after profits, as they were
mostly bears anyway, and a drop to 74i;<ii74»4c
followed. Their offerings were well taken by
T^ rt K , how 7"' and a rally to ?4Hc ensued.
This bulse Was poorly supported and the large
receipts caused further despondency under
which Dec*ynber slumped to 7i»i@74i.ic. Here
the market again steadied and reacted to 74»ic
at which it closed, a shade over yesterday '
Corn ruled easy for October, but nrm for de
ferred futures. Trade was fairly active De
cember closed V*c higher at 35%c.
Hardly anything was done in oats. Decem
ber closed %c up at 22c. ~HT^T
Provisions were fairly active and showed a
the trad' e r looked a* Tf^po^ne long Vines *re£
cently depleted were being reinstated. Janu
l r n P 7 °£«fi os ! d 171^ 20c hl * her . I«rd 10c up and
ribs 7&@10c improved.
The leading future.3 ranged as follows:
Any acute apprehension about the money
market was relieved by the large amounts of
gold which New York bankers produced abroad
and which are on the way to this country. The
pum total of the present gold Inflow is over $9,
000.000, and though this amount is little greater
than the shipments of money from New York
to the Interior In some recent weeks, the ef
fect, even In advance of the specie's arrival,
was decidedly favorable. Owing largely to the
gold Importing arrangements and to a falling
off In the supply of cotton bills, foreign ex
chanre recovered this week from Its recent
break, and is again at a point which cuts off
further gold Imports. The fact, however, that
in case of danger to our money market assist
ance could be had abroad, could hardly fall
to give increased confidence to the financial and
speculative markets. In this connection Wall
street was particularly struck by the announce
ment that the Bank of France would put no
obstacle in the way of moderate gold with
drawals for shipment to New York If they were
nepded here. It Is also noted with satisfaction
that though some of the specie now on the
way hither was taken from the Bank of Eng
land or France most of the shipments repre
sent amounts of bullion picked up In the open
markets, and one' Important sum of $2,500,000
ineludwl in the National City Bank's consign
ment consists of bar gold from South Africa,
The operations. In short, have been conducted
In a way which has obviated any disturbance
of the foreign money markets, discounts at
both London and Berlin being a little lower,
and fear of a disturbance caused by American
demands for payment of Its credit balances has
been allayed. This, however, does not result
in any Increased foreign participation in our
stock market, and London has ever been a
email seller of securities on the advances which
¦were recorded here.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1».— Bradstreefs Financial
Review to-morrow will say:
Bradstreet' s Financial Review.
Onions did better. Potatoes ~ remained the
Potatoes, Onions and* Vegetables.
Holders asked more for some descriptions of
Beans yesterday, owlr.c to the rain.
iBEANS— Bayos, J2 10@2 25j- Small WTilte, $3 so
©3 60- Large White, $2 50@2 60; Pink. $2@2 10;
Red.- $2 60@3; Blackeye. $2 75@2 85; Lima, $5 20
©5 30; Pea, $3 75@4; Red Kidneys, $2 75@3. v-
SKEDS — Brown Mustard, 4c; Yellow MuHtard
5c; Flax. - $2 2S®2 40; Canary. 3Hc per lb for
California : and i 4c for Eastern ; Alfalfa, nom
inal; Rape,- 2V4@3c;- Hemp. 4@4Hc; Timothy
4©4Hc.
DRIED PEAS— Ntles, $1 &0@2: Green. 1180®
2 20 per ctl ; Blackeye, II 50@l 75. .
Beans and Seeds.
There was no Hay market yesterday, owing
to the rain. -Feedstuffs were unchanged. . r .
BKAN— U6®17 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17@21 per ton.
' FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $15@16 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2J.g i 26; jobbing,
S£6 50- Cocoanut Cake. *17@1S; Corn Meal. $26@>
5f; Cracked Corn, *26 50®27 50; Mixed Feed. $15
™HAT— Volunteer. $5@8; Wheat. $11013 50;
Wheat and Oat. SiefU OO; Oat. $3@U Cfi; Clover.
f5©7; Alfalfa. $8 SO@S 50; Barley, J7@9 per ton.
STRAW— 8&©45c per bale. ,
Hay and' Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 «0@
3 75; usual terms; Bakers" Extras, $3 4003 50;
Oregon and Washington. $2 73®3 10 per bbl for
family and *3 15(S3 BO for bakers'; Eastern,
?4 7u©5 70 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS-Piices In sacks are as fel
lows, 'usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, }3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. J2 M: Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra' cream do, J3 50; Oat Groats, J4 50; Hom
ing $3 60<p 75; Buckwheat Flour, J J4@4 25;
Cracked 'Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrel?), JS®
7 25; In sacks. .$5 75®7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
P€aa. $5; Green Peas, $3 50 per ICO lbs.
CALL BOARD PALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Mnrntnc Session— No sales.
Afternoon Serston— No sales.
OATS— The market rules very firm, and the
d»'pre^t«lon in "Wheat and Barley does not seem
to affect it.
White. Jl 35®1 50; Surprise, tl 45<3>1 65; Red.
»1 15ifil 25 for feed and $1 25@1 40 for eeed; Gray,
$1 'ib@l 35: Black, for feed, Jl 10#l 17Vi; for
eeed. $1 WzQl 32»4 per ctl.
CORN— Eastern is lower. Receipts are slow
ly I increnslnc. Eastern yellow and white are
quotert at $1 22% and Eastern mixed at $1 20
per ctl.
RYK— 90c per ctl.
BUCKWHK AT— Nominal.
Flour and MillstufFs.
Second St-pslon— December— 2000 ctls, |1 03%.
Regular Morr.lns Session— No sales.
Aft'err.oon Rrsslon— No sales.
BARLEY— The market continues dull and un
chnnsed. •-"•
Feed, 71U®-72Ho for choice bright. 6S*i<g70c
for No. 1 and 62H®67VJc for off grades; Brew
ing and Shipping grades. 75@S0c; Chevalier,
nominal.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls. S6-' s c. May— 6000, $1 03v(,; I00O. $1 04.
CALL BOARD SALES
WHEAT— The market continued in poor
Fhape. Liverpool and Paris were lower, but
New York showed no change, being dull.
Chlcaco was a shade firmer on bullish news
from the Arcentlne. where the yield will prob
ably be smaller than last year and of Inferior
quality. Shipments from the Areentlno were
Hsht. The d-rnand at Chicago was moderate.
This market wp.s dull and weak.-' with a de
cline on the spot, and very little doing on call.
Epot Wheat-Shlpplngr. 9*$; Milling, 97%c@
SI oer ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. GO days - $4 82£
St»rllnK Exchange, sight — 4 SoV»
Sterling Cables — * f 6%
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York KxchanRf, telegraphic — 12^,
Fine Silver. r*r ounce..... — 6SV:
Mexican Dollars, nominal lOhi ® ol
Exchange and Bullion.
UNTTEP STATES BONDS.
4s quar coup...H4\115%4 Is do cp (new).134»41T:
4s do reg 1H&115V. Ss do coup — llOVi
MISCKLLANEOCS liONDS.
Bay Co P Oo..lo:H103
CaJ-«t Cab 53..11SH —
C C Water 5»..1C6H —
tdL&f bs.Ui —
F & a Ry Ss.. — —
Geary-st R 5s. — —
H C A S 6%s.. — —
rv> 5.« ico —
L A R 63 10594 —
!• A L.I Co Us.. — 193
Do gntd 6s... — —
L A zntd 5s.. — 101H
L A P R R 6a. — lOfiH
Market-let 6s... 123 129
Do 1st M 5*..11S«4 —
N'CXOR 7s. — U4
n n «f cai it.rta —
Do 5? llWi —
X P C R R 6s.lO3 —
Do 53 1C6H1O7%
Jl Cal Ry 5s. ..110 —
Oak G L & H. 10934 —
Oak Tran 8s...U^117
Oak Water 5s.lO3% —
Oceanic S3 5s. 1CS»«, —
Om v Ky *»...!«« —
Pao O Imp 4j.1CI —
PSUKy ea..lO4HU)«
P A O R R tis.lli —
Pow«U-«t R «».117W, —
Sao L GAR ta.100* —
S F Ot SJV 5s. 115 —
S R of Cal Sa. — —
s Per a ti—.uri —
S f ofC«s^U05)
(Series A) 107H —
Do (Series B)1CSH —
s p c <•* a3c«)iMHU*
Do (13U) 118^4 —
8 P R 1st gntd — —
8 P B «s 130 —
S V "Water 6s.1T «?
Do 4s 103 —
Do 3d mtg-.lM 103H
Stmn ua» m..1u« —
WATVR STOCKS
Contra Costa.. 63% 71 '. Sprlne Valley. t<H 94?4
Marln County. 51% —
OAV AN1» ELEC^rT • STOCKS
Cent 1. & P Co 4 4% Pao L Co U —
Equit G L Co. 3H 3% Sac El O&RCo 34 —
Mutual El Co. 10 11 S F G & E.... SO*,'- 50%
O a l. & H 49<i 4»h* San Francisco. S 5V»
Pac Ga« Imp.. 61Va — ijintn utKC — l»
4 iNSUKANCE STOCKS.
Firem'a Fund. — — /
BANK STOCKS.
Ajislo-Cal Ltd, 6SH 70 First Natlonl-.SW 900
Bank of Cal...40«'.i409 Uon P & A 13» —
Cal S D & T..103 108 Merchants' Ex U 13
d A VINOS HANKS.
C^r S & L - 1900 Bar * I* So... — IX
Hum S & L.. — — .eac Sav ttk... — —
Mut Sav Bk.. M — ;Unlon T Co... — —
S F Sar U B15 — \
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
c a 7!fnm1a :...1*< - 0SL4H.... - «H
G«ary-st 30 — Presidio tt 23
Market-st 66 —
lfiVVDETT STOCKS.
California 151 170 Vlgorlt ~. •% »H
Giant Con Co. 83 —
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7 7% Kllauea S P C — 21%
Haw C & S Co — 85 Makawell S Co — 4J\i
Honokaa. S Co. 30 — imomra i« *'•». T?\
Hutch S P Co. 24V» — Paauhau S Co. 30 »H
• »!-. f . ...x.N'EOT'.S STICKS.
Al Pack Assn.l24^i — Pac A F A.... 1\ —
Cal Fruit Asn.lOOUlC3 Pa= C Bor Co.lSO —
Her Ex Assn.. »7 100 Par Paint Co.. 12% —
Oceanic S Co.. 92 93
Morning Session.
Board—
J2.C00 Contra Costa Water bonds VM 73
10 Hutchlnson S P Co !* »
a S F Gas and Electric Co 51 »
Street—
13.000 Pac Gas Imp 4s 102 00
10 S V Water 94 73
lOOVigorit. b 30 3 50
Afternoon Session,
Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 125 00
$5.0CO Los Ansreles R'y 5a 105 75
J5.C0O Oceanic S S bonds 1CS 75
CO R F Gas and Electric Co. a 90 51 C*
70 S F Gas and Electric Co **> S7-i
SO S F Gas and Electric Co. s 90 iO 75
US V Water *» 3«
Street— '
JJO.CCO S F and S J V bonds 113 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning: Session.
Board—
5 Blue Goo:»$ 5 00
10<> El Doradn 2 30
CO Monarch of Arizona 3S
Efirt Petroleum Center 27
25 San J^aquin Oil and Dev 9 37'.j
170 San Jcaquln Oil and Dev 9 23
100 San Joaquln Oil and Dev i 12\i
100 San Joaquln Oil and Dev. b 90... 10 00
10O Twenty-Elsht ..". ICO
Street —
BO San Joaquln Oil and Dev 9 12 l i
lOHanford, b 30 10 W
Afternoon Session.
Board —
- 200 Cala-Standard. cash.......... 33
10O El Dorado 155
10 Kern Rlvcf WOO
SCO Petroleum Center 28
1W San Joaquln Oil and Dev 9 25
ICO Tan Joaqutn Oil and D*v » 12V;
JCO Twenty-Eight Z 80
3C«> Tukan «.i
100 Yukon 6»
FRIDAY. Oct. 19— *:30 9. m.
Aside from a slight decline in Gaa and Elec
tric there was nothing new on the Bond Ex
charge. Trading was light.
On the Oil Exchange San Joaquln continued
the leadinc stock at firm prices, a> will be
swn.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THE STOCK MARKET.
* : ;
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.— FLOUR— Receipts,
28.4GS barrels; exports, 15,353 barrels; sales,
S600 packages; quiet, but steady, without fur
ther change.
WHEAT— Receipts, 117,375 bushels; exports.
45,003; sales, 1,S75,000 bushels futures; 200,000
spot. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 79Ho f. o. b
afloat and Ti% elevator; No. 1. Northern Duluth,
k«Hc f. o. b. afloat* No. 1 hard Duluth. 87V»c
f. o. b. afloat. Options very slow all day, but
maintained a steady to firm tone to higher
English markets, bad crop news from the Ar
gentines and late strength In corn. Offerings
were liyht and mostly for local account. Closed
steady at a partial He net advance. March,
82Hi&82»,c. closed S2Hc; May. S2 5-lG@S2»ie
closed 82Hc; October, 77Hf(77'*c. closed 71 Ac-
December. 78 15-16.t79V*c. closed 79Hc.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull. *
COFFEE>-Spot-R!o, dull; No. 7 Involc*. SUc;
mild, quiet: Cordova. P*itl4c. Futures closed
steady, with prices five points higher to five
points net lower. Total sales. 22.500 bags, in
cluding: November. |75?7 05: December, 17 10<2>
.15; Januarj', J7 20: March. $7 30; April, f! 35;
May, $7 40; Septemb-r, |7 60.
SUGAR-Raw, steady; fair refining. 4tic;
Centrifugal. 90 test, 4»ic; molasses eugar 4c
refired. firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3337 packages; firm
creamery. 16-ft22c; June creamery, is@21c; fac
p;GGS—Receipts. 919S packages: steady: West
ern, regular packing at mark, lCfflSc: Western
loss off, 21c.
DRIED. FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples ruled
rather quiet but about steady at unchanged
prices. State common quoted at 41|5c- prlmf
4?i'g5>ic: choice, 5'i^6c; fancy,-. 6® eH^
California dried fruits, quiet and unchanged
PRUNES- 3Vi®&',4 per pound as to size and
quality. ,
APRICOTS— Royal, Il@l4c: Moorpark, 15f?16c
PEACHES-Peeled. 16ff20c; unpeeled. 6@9c.
San Francisco and vicinity — Showers Satur
day, followed by clearing weather in the aft»r
r.oon; brisk to high s-yithwest, shifting to
northwest, wir.d. G. H. WILLSOX.
Local Forecast Official.
Nevada— Showers Saturday: high west wind.
Utah- Showers Saturday: high westerly wind, j
Arizona— Showers Saturday; high southerly >
«-lnd.
Northern California— Showers, followed by
clearing weather: brisk to high southerly wln^s,
ehiitinB to westerly.
Southern California— Showers Saturday; fresh
Cor.diTieriB are favorable for showers In Cali
fornia Saturday, followed tiy clearing weather
In the afternoon in th« northern portion.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. October SO, 1900:
High southerly winds have prevailed over the
greater i»rtlon of the Pacific Slope.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to ;
iate. as compared with those of the same date :
last soa>nn. and rainfall In the last twenty-four
hoars:
Last 24 This Last |
Ptatlons — Hours. Season. Season, j
Eureka 4 10 !
Ked Bluff 0.18 S.<U 1.20 j
Sa.crarr.ento 0.10 0.88 140 I
Pan Francisco 0.19 1.43 1.1-5
Frerno Trace 0.42 L.2S
Pan Luis Obispo 1.P2
Ir.(5e;>endeiice C.8J 0.S7
Los Anpele? Trace 0.10 l.4<> !
fan Diego O.CS 0.42
Baa Francisco data: Maximum ten-.perature,
6C; rr.ir-in-.um. S7; mean. O'>.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm off the Washington coast this :
Tr.o-.Tiinc has moved rapidly eastward and is '
r.rr central in British Columbia. Light rain j
haf fallen quite generally over the Pacific Slope, ;
except In l-'tah ar.d Arizona. Th" ra'nfali in •
pouth*rn California has as yet been only •
sprinkles.
The pressure has commenced to rise on the j
Washington and «.»regon coast an-1 the winds ¦
have char.peil to westerly, indicatins the pas- [
sape eastward of the Ftorm center.
The jenperature changes have been slight In j
PAN TRANCIPCO. Oct. 13. 1S0O— 5 r m.
(ITf-th Mertfllaa— Pacific Tirr.e.)
Weather Report.
The veoeifAM of wlr.e at San Francisco for the
month of September were K5.7S0 gallons,
arainst f'X',074 gaUcns for the 6ame month last
year. The receipts of brandy were MKK) gal
lors, against 13.015 gallons last year. Since
j£.r.uar> 1 these receipts v.ere as follows: "VTlne,
20.290.170 gallons, pgainst I1.M7.7S9 irallons for
the 5ame period la«t year; brandy. 1C3.9>X) gal
lons, apalnst 14",C7!> gallons during the same
period in 1SS9. ¦
Receipts of Wine and Brandy.
X.42J I«>w Jrrtfy Ontral 1S«
1SS New York Ctstrml 132*4
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 94H
12,Kt Missouri Pacific 53
J0O Mobile & Ohio 29
....... MlMiouii Kansas & Texas 10
«,(C9 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 30%
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Ehare* Closing
Scld. Storks— , Eld
3€.m Atrhlson U 30
28.100 Atohlron prefd 73U
7.O50 Boitimore & Ohio 73U
Canadian Pacific ' %r,\±
1.190 Canada Southern 54
S.04) Chesapeake & Ohio jovj.
"^¦1.4i>» Chicago Great WeKtern ]!$i
S.04S Chicago Kurllngton & Qulncy 1:7s,
SV> Chicaso Indianapolis & Ix>uis 7O\
SW< <""hica«o Indianapolis & JLouls pM. S5=j
200 Chicago A: Kaslern IllinoiE 5414
10^ Chicago & North wpjitern igj
7.50!) Chicago Kock Inland & Pacific ios'2
1.620 C C C & St Louis 63
Colorado Southern ;ii
200 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 39
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 15
Delawar* & Hudson _U2
IWaware Lackawanna & Western. .178
1.2W D*nvrr & lilo Grande »0^
1.745 Denver & Hlo Grande prefd e»*i
390 Erie J2M.
X.100 Erl* 1st prefd SSU
815 Great Northern prefd i;<i*i
Hocking Coal li'
'.id Hocking Valley 36^4
J.tS5 Illinois Ontrd 119
230 Iowa Cmlral 18«i
J00 Iowa Central pr»»fd *!>,
l.g^ Lake. Krie & W«-etcrn 36Vi
430 I>ake Erie & Western prefd 101
\a\.-. Shore 303
$.200 Louisville & Xasbvllle 74H
* <<"< Manhattan L I'7T»
e.700 Metropolitan Str**t Kallway 156%t
... Mexican central 11%
700 Minneapolis & Ft Louis 57
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.— There was a very ac
tive mej-ket for a^l claepe* of stocks to-day, in
which the bu!! element early secured the upper
hand and maintained It with growing Eiica-^s
throughout the day. The riy» in prices was po
considerable ae to invite free profit-taking dur
lns the cioeing hour of the market. Hut new
stocks were pirked oat for an advance with
each good effect i>n the pcneral list that it was
able tc absorb a very lirre amount of the
offering* before any effect began to be pro
cured. Prices ran off somewhat in the nr.al
dealings, reducing extreme RaJns to a consider
ed" extent and carrying a few stocks, includ
lnp yonie of the leading Industrial*, below last
r.ijkiu. Tlie market was thu6 made Irregular
and very active, but the average level of prices
wa»> considerably hiph'er as a result of, the day's
tra/ilnir. The advtLnce »a contested during
the earlier part of the day, but not as vigor
ously at yesterday. No further effect was pro
cured than to check the advance in tome quar
ters without causing an actual decline. The
bear opposition appeared to be withdrawn.
when the course of xiriees turned clearly in
favor of the bulls and some of the interests
¦which were Fellers yesterday turned to the
buying fide. A fart that could not «*scape no
tice wa* thst yesterday's rumors of further
plans of amalgamation o f the Vanderbilt prop
erties was heard nothing of to-<iay suid the con
certed advance in the group cam» to an end.
It ni notaMe also that yesterday's upward
ras-h in the steel stocks was der'sted from to
day and mest of the group end«»d with net
losses, the important exceptions being the
American Hoop stocks. tne Colorado F*uel
nocks and National Tube. Sugar and People's
Mar were affected y, y realizing. This turning
from poe fotnt in the market to another Is a
characteristic feature of professional operators
ar.4 majiipulatlve processes., which clearly
played a larpe j^rt In to-day's market, but it
¦was equally clear that the professional manipu
lation for the rise had large success In attract
ing cut.-id» buying.
Special points of strength were Atchiscn pre
ferred and '.he Grangers and Southwesterns,
Northern Paclnc. Southern Pacific and Man
hattan Trith th«> other local traction stocks fol
l»w!ng In eympathy. The news of the day had
little to do with the advance..
Preliminary estimates of the week's cash
changes of the barks were decidedly confused.
The direct shipments by express to the Interior
and tho operations )n banks with the New York
pufctreasury indicates a less In cash of $708,000.
This take? no account of the gold which h«s
arrived from Europe this v.eek and which may
}*> too late tc figure prrmin»ntly in to-morrow's
"statement. This would threw the effect of the
void imports over into n«*xt week's statement.
The activity in the stock market seems to in
dicate that an expansion of loans on the stock
eschars have conic largely from the trust
companies, which drfw their bank accounts to
recure their funds. There is thus a possibility
of shrinkage In the <5eposits and consequently
In resoi-i-e. requirements which will be to the
advantage of the surplus.
Tho bond market Mas considerably rr.or* ac
tive to-day, and there were some large gains
Total saJe?. jiar value. t2.72.".'K)0. I'nited stat"!»
new 4s advanced '4 per cent on the last call.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. W.— Money on call, firm,
at SS* per cent; last loan* t pw cent; prim*
New York Money Market.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 19.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In th«
division of redemption shows: Available cash
balance. $135,730,134; gold. JS6.304.1S5.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
"The markets here were improved by pros
pects of easy money and the Indications of an
early settlement In China. Investment securi
ties were the chief beneficiaries. Speculation
was on a email scale, except In Americans,
which, though quiet In the early trading, fin
ished buoyant and noisy on New York support,
The bank sold £143.000 gold In French coin,
probably finishing a former transaction. The
ojien market demand is slackening. Money
rates were unchanged. Silver was bought for
the East on good trade orders."
CLOSING. . •
LONDON, Oct. 13.— Atchison, 30'4; Canadian
Pacific, K'»4; Union Paolflc preferred, 774;
Northern Pacific preferred, 73*i: Grand Trunk
6%; Anaconda. 9*4.
Bar silver, steady. 29%d. Money, 1H P«r cent.
London Market.
15,000 Norfolk & Western 87%
Norfolk & Western prefd "64
S2.120 Northern Pacific 63^
4.475 Northern Pacific prefd 7Z>4
4,900 Ontario & Western 22
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Navigation pfd. 76
11.500 Pennsylvania 132*4
{•¦•0 Reading 17
6.7C0 Reading 1st prefd ¦¦ 5?4
1.500 Rp&dlng 2d prefd 27"i
Ilio Grande Western 49
Rio Grande Western prefd 93
505 St Louis & San Francisco lUi
6t Louis & San Francisco 1st prefd. .67
1.010 St Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd. 35*;
3.700 St Louis Southwestern 13H
4.501 St Louis Southwestern prefd GOV» t
lO.tf'O St Paul IH4 ¦
1M St Paul prefd 171 :
100 St Paul & Omaha 113 I
14.030 Southern Pacific 35S j
7.400 Southern Railway I2 a * }
S.010 Southern Railway prefd v * j
2.450 Texas & Pacific 16'i ;
23.KM Union Pacific CiW j
2.451 Union Pacific prefd 75 \
Wabash 7H |
2,cnn Wabaeh prefd *. 18H \
120 Wheeling & Lake Erie t'i !
910 Whaling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 25&i |
310 Wisconsin Central 13'i I
210 Third Avenue Ill j
Express Companies — * » ;
....... Adams 126
l"0 American 153
UniW States 46
Wells Fargo 126
Miscellaneous —
430 American Cotton Oil 35 ! ,4
American Cotton Oil prefd 914
C00 American Malting 414
American Malting prefd 23
3.S10 American Smelting & Kef 42H j
NO American Smel{tng & Ref prefd 914 1
American Spirits 1
American Spirits prefd 17
5.520 American Steel Hoop 21
1,380 American Pteel Hoop prefd 69
:o,;7j American Steel & Wire 34»4
7*3 American Steel & Wire prefd 75 l ,i
1.730 American Tin Plate 33 !
r.r-0 American Tin Plate prefd ?2&i i
I4.3«7 American Tobacco S4'*
American Tobacco prefd 127
8,541 Anaconda Mining Co 46
iOM r > Brooklyn Rapid Transit 54U '
1.77T. O'lorp.do Fuel & Iron 37 j
8.712 Continrntal Tobacco 28'i :
1.941 Continental Tobacco prefd 80H j
17,700 Federal Steel 36% ;
2.70O Federal Steel prefd 67 j
hW Ger.eral Electric 142A4 !
ZM Glucnee Sugar 63>h j
Olucos-e Pujrar prefd 9$ j
4W International Paper 19 '
800 International Paper prefd 644
450 Lacled" Gas 684
4W National P.lscuit 34
National Biscuit prefd 86
10O National Lead 19
lf>0 National Lead prefd 92'4
1,150 Nctional St<-e'i 17>i
790 National Steel prefd 8<4
450 New York Air Brake li<5
600 North American I'At
Pacific Coast S5
Pacific Coast 1st prefd S4
Pacific Coast 2d prefd €74
3.440 Pacific Mall 35-i
15,170 People's Gas 93
ECO Pressed Steel Car S8V t
8?0 PrfFsed Steel Car prefd 7"'«»
1C4 Pullman Palace Car 188
Standard Rope & Twine 6>,i
29,151 Sugar 120**
Su^ar prefd 1154
3.440 Tennessee Ccal & Iron 57
37,135 United States Leather 11?4
1,965 United States Leather prefd 71
l.CGO United Ftates Rubber 31%
United Htates Rubbsr prefd 93
330 Western Union 79'i
S.055 Iie:«jbllc Iron & Steel Co 12»4
200 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 53»*
P C C & St Louis 57
€16,700 Shares fold.
CLOSrNG BONDS.
U S Ss refunding. |L & Nash uni 4s.. 9S>Ji
reg 104 N Y Cent let* ....10S^
do coup 104 N J Cent gen 5s. .1234
do Ss res lOS^IXo Pac 2s 66
do coup IO94I do 4a 1034
do new 4s reg 123>iiN Y C & St L 4s. .106
do coup 134U;Norf & W con 4s.. 974
do old 4s reg.... 114*» , Or Nav ins 109
do coup 1I4** ! do 4s 10314
do 5s rfg 112 jOr S Line e 127
do coup HSVi do ccn 5s 113%
I>ls of Col 3.C3s 123 Reading gen 4s SSV4
Atchison gen 4s ICO R G W lsts P9
do adj 4e 87 s , St L & I M con 5e.H0
Can So2ds 1064'Pt LtSF gen 6s.l22 J 4
Ches & Ohio 44e.. 9S4 St Paul cons 1704
do Is 120 lEtPCfc Pac lsts.USVi
C & >TW con 7s 139U do 5s 119H
do S F deb 5s 120 So Pac 4s 79>i
Chi Term 4s S* So RAy 5s 109\
Colo So 4s iVi S Itor* & T 6s 63V4
D & R G lsts 103 Tex & Pac lsts...H4
<3o 4s f»9 do 2ds 65
Erie gen 4s 70 Union Pac 4a 105'i
Ft W & D C lsts.. 74 Wabaeh lsts 117H
Gen Elec Is 120 do 2ds *.102^i
Iowa Cent lsts ....11S & 8 West Shore 4s ...113
Jl K & T 2ds 66% Wls Cent lsts K.%
do 4s 91*; Va cent 904
MINING STOCKS.
Chcllar 210nta.rio 6 00
"rown Point.' 15 : Dphlr 95
Con Cal & Va 1 20 Plymouth 11
Deadwood 50 Quicksilver 125
Gould & Curry i*»j Do prefd 6 00
Hale. & Norcross... 35; Sierra Nevada S3
Homesuike 55 00 i Standard 3 40
Iron Silver 70 Union Con 25
Mexican 45 Yellow Jacket 13
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — .Union Pac 61
Call loans S'.*@4>4 I Union Land 114
Time loans DWli , Wept End 91
Stocks— IWestngh Elec .... 4S»i
Atch Top & S F.. 29TJ! Bonds-
Do prefd 73HiAtchl8on 4s 99U
Amer Sugar 120?i;N E G & Coke 5s.. 63
Do prerd 116 i Mining Shares —
Bell Tel 140% j Adventure ,.. 44
Boston & Albany. .247 AUouez Mng Co... 2
Boston Elevated ..131 Amal Copper 914
Boston A Maine. ..190 lAtlantlc 23
Chi BurX: Quincy.l27H ; Boston & Mont 335
Dcminion Coal 3SV4]nutte & Boston.... 65
I>o prefd 113 'calumet & Hecla..768
Federal Steel 364 ;Centennlal 17ty
L)o prefd 67V«j Franklin 14* 4
FitchburK prefd ...138 | Humboldt 25
General Elec 1424 Osceola 72
Do preM 140 I Parrot 44*i
nd Klec 111 212 jQuincy 154
Mexican Cent HVs! Santa Fe Copper... 6«4
Mich Tel 85 'Tamarack ,258
N E Gas & Coke.. 13 |Utah Mining 32%
Old Colony ...2W4 Winona 314
Old Dominion 22ij Wolverines ti%
Uubber 3G*iI
Eggs continue high, but Butter 1» rapldl:
going down in the wholesale markets, unde
large supplies. There Is no change In Cheese.
The rains have caused a slight rise la th
prices of some Vegetables and Fruits.
Game and some kinds of Poultry are cheaper
under large supplies. Fish 1» unchanged, bu
continued rough weather would make it dearer
Salmon la again in season.
Coal, rer ten —
Cannel $ ©14 00
Wellington.. @11 00
Seattle 9 00^
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, choice, sq. 50^60
Do good. ....... •3o'ii4i,
Cheese, Cal 12^1=
Cheese. Eastern.. 17#20
Cheese. Swi33 JOOg
Common Eggs 23@30
Meats, rer lb —
Bacon lSH©^
Beef, choice 15©20
Do. good 10^12
Corned Be«f —&10
Ham 13S15
Lard — <Q15
Mutton 10®12
Lamb ..U'^12
Pork, fresh 15®—
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each SCOCS
Young Roosters.
each 5CSS5
Old Roosters, ea. .40^50
Fryers, each 40^43
Broilers, each 3i>540
Turkeys, per lb...lS'&20
Ducks, each 50-gCO
Geese, each. ..$1 JOvl .3
Pigeons, pair 40<S50
Rabbits, pair 40iQ50
Hare, each — ©20
Fruits and Nuts^ —
Almonds, per Ib..l5^—
Apples 40 5
Bananas, doz 15Q?0
Cantaloupes. ea...t>S20
Figs, per lb 10O13
Grapes, per lb.... 4^ 6
Watermelons, ea. .10^25
Nutmeg Melons,
each 5@!0
Oranges, doz 15^55
Vegetables —
Artichokes, doz...3^V350
Beets, doz 12 'g 15
Beans, white, lb.. 5'g—
Colored. i>er lb.. 4'ffl 5
Lima, per lb — <# S
Cabbage, each — sSWi
Cauliflowers, each 3^10
Celery, bunch 5tf —
Cress, doi bnchs.. 20^25
Cucumbers, pr <lz.l2Wlii
Efrs Plant, lb S-glO:
Green Peas, lb... 5'a d,
Lettuce, per doz.. 15^— ;
Onions, per lb — 3Q Si
Fish-
Barracuda 121&—
Carp 8«H
Codfish 12 f—
Flounders 8flO|
Halibut 10«— ;
Kincrflsh 9<t?— !
Mackerel 15ff— •
Do. Hors« 124**— 1
Perch lifM2,
Pompino 90^— j
Rockflsh 12H<6— ¦
Salmon, fresh 2' v a — 1
Do, smoked — / ?15
Shrimps 8£19!
'Southfleld
j Wellington fiu oo
ICoos Bay.... - — Q 7 jo
Ranch -Eggs, p«r
; dozen S5ty4J
Honey Comb, per
Pound 13320
Do, extracted.. ,io-2u
Round Steak 10®—
Sirloin Steak 15.3—
.PorterhouB© do....2c§—
(Smoked Beef —«15
I Pork, sait 1232J
(Pork Chops 15313
Pork Sausages.. 13US20
:Veal IjjU
Doves, per 4o»....r-5?O
Quail, per dcw..tl SC33
English Snipe, per
1 dozen &
Jack Snipe.. .n 50®
Mallard. palr.T3cati is
Canvasback ,.75cail 5)
Sprig .log*)
Teal 503*1
Widgeon 40S5O
Small Duck Soa*)
Wild Geese. palr..50'§«O
! Limes, par do*_..W512
Lemons, doa..._. .12S15
Plums, per lb. 5® J
Quinces, per lb... 4-3 5
Raiains. D«r lb.... 8ijl5
Raspberries. dr...3".i;.")
Strawberries, per
) drawer 2*^50
; Walnuts, per lb..li@—
'Okra. green. per Ib.IO^U
Peppers, green, lb 5219
Potatoes, per lb.. i-9 5
Sweet Potatoes 3# 4
Parsnips, per doz.15© —
'Radishes., dz bchslO^i;
Sag*, doz hr.chs..2C ••.-.:
String Beans, lb.. 4.# Z
Summer Squash.
per lb 6<3V>
Thyme, per lb 2W30
Turnips, per doz..lO'gla
Tomatoes, per lb. 5© i
Shad 10^—
S*a Bass — ®12^
Smelts 12f—
Soles 10#—
Skates, each 8®12
Tomcod — «?10
•"ams. gallon 50'?? —
Do, hardshell. lb S<??V>
Crabs, each 12H^-
Do. scftshell. dz40«r—
Mussels, quart 5<ai<*
Oysters. Cal, 10<V .W3:/>
Do. Eastern, dz.25<340
_,., Percentages.
Cities— Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $1,012,914,804 .... 18.C
Boston „ 127.973,564 .... 18.5
ca f°, •• 134.479,877 .... 8.0
Philadelphia 90,425,454 .... S.0
St. Louis K.235.S21 1.2
Pitts burjr 29,378,518 . .... 23.2
Baltimore 20,028,647 .... 4.3
San Francisco. 25,049,771 ».J ....
Cincinnati 15.630,250 .... L«
Kansas City 18,775.458 12.0
New Orleans ....... 15.112,633 4I.S
Mlnneapoll. O5,813,80« .... 13.7
I>etrolt 8.061.1«4 .... 3.2
Cleveland 11.504.971 .... 1.6
Louisville 8.072.SS5 .... 11.8
Providence 7,526,100 .... 13.6
Milwaukee 6,586.075 1.7 ¦ ....
St. Paul 6,341,213 ' .... 1.0
Buffalo 6.636.131 2.4
Omaha 6.746,774 .... J.7
Indianapolis 6.470.2S4 .... 7.5
Columbus, Ohio.... 6.335,100 .... 10.8
Savannah 6,674.3*6 78.9
l>enver 4.936.7S1 2.6 ....
Hartford 2.538,128 .... 7.2
Richmond 8.6uO,014 21.5 ....
Memphis 4.54O.73S 70.5 ....
Washington 2.677 858 4.1 ....'
Peoria 2,260,934 1.0 ....
Rochester 1.SS8.383 0.8 ....
New Haven 1,546.631 .... 4.3
» Worcester 1,401.437 .... 11. e
Atlanta 2.S.'S.359 ».l
Salt Lake City..... 2,666,174 .... 1.0
Springfield. Mass... 1.261.4S9 .... 10.2
Fort Worth 2.411. *S6 47.6
Portland. Me 1.117,264 .... 10.5
Portland, Or 2.851,611 14.7
St. Joseph 4.007.654 22.4
Los Angeles 2.879.361
Norfolk 1.506.177 ....
Syracuse 1,144.986 .... 3.4
Des Molnes L61S.117 11.4
Nashville L3S0.522 .... 6.4
Wilmington, Del... 968,130
Fall River 1.185,249 82.9
Scranton 1.060,729 19. B
Grand Rapids 1,260.073 .... 4.0
Augusta, Ga 1,857.962 63.3 ....
Lowell 557.721 .... 9.2
I>ayton. Ohio 1.044.S36 .... 8.8
Seattle 8.173,621 13.0
Tacoma 1.074,815 .... 8.4
Spokane 1,227,832 .... 9.1
Sioux City 1.501.665
New Bedford 467.959 .... 34.4
Knoxvtlle. Tenn.... 66S.755 3.2 ....
Tcpeka 1.037.526 37.7 ....
Birmingham S52.658 29.3
Wichita 419,426 1.6
Blnghamton 372. 800 S.8
Lexington. Ky 65S.277 17.2
Jacksonville, Fla... 233,916 23.9
Kalamazoo 3SS.309 1.1
Akron 530,400 . 11.3
Chattanooga 430.031 10.5
Rockford. Ill 266.24S .... 1.9
Canton. Ohio 825,401 15.7
Springfield, Ohio.... 2S7.623 3.6
Fargo, N. D 37S,f4« 36.6
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 86,508 8.7
Fremont, Nebr 158.067 10.4
Davenport S64.762 12.4 ....
Toledo 2.219.098 6.0
Galveston 8,414,CHO 2.2
Houston 15,841.562 8.3
Helena 716.062 .... l.S
EvansvlUe 966.S56 27.7
Macon 809.0CO .... 2.9
i Little Rock 897,331 58.5
! Sprlngfleld, 111 436.578 .... 17.2
! Youngstow^i 331.317 1.8 ....
Colorado Springs... 904.210 .... ....
Totals, U. S $1.6?5. 493.162 .... 13.2
Totals outside of
New York 6S2.578.853 .... 4.0
DOMINION OF CANADA.
i Montreal $13,302,256 .... 5.5
I Toronto 8.9S6.649 ....
Winnipeg 1.5S2.B65 81.2
; Halifax 1.W7.819 .... 7.7
Hamilton 773.763 18.1 .
St. John. N. B K7.316 7.1
Vancouver 1.118.417
I Victoria 795.666 15.2
! Totals $28,209,537 .... 0.8
* . *
NBTW YORK. Oct. 19.-The following table,
complied by Bradstreet, ehows the bank clear-
Ings at the principal cities for the week ended
October IS. with tho percentaca, of Increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Family Retail Market.
Silver and Sterling Exchange advanced.
Spot Wheat lower. Barley dull and unchanged.
Oats very firmly held. Corn easy. Rye unchanged.
Bccns held higher, owing to the rain.
Hay and Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Potatoes and Vegetables about the same. Onions firm.
Poultry vT large supply and depressed.
Considerable Game arriving in bad condition.
Butter piling up and declining. Cheese firm.
Eggs easy and quieter.
Nothing new in Fresh and Drkd Fruits.
Provisions about as before quoted.
Hogs continue to decline under unfavorable conditions.
# — *
NEW YORK, Oct. 19.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
A settlement of the coal strike, satisfactorily
to all Interests, having been effected, business
breathes more freely In the East and distribu
tion of merchandise Is increasing slowly again,
though the election excitement keeps new buy-
Ing In many lines down to wants for Immedi
ate consumption. In the West there Is not
the same hesitation and there as well as In
the south the marketlng-of the crops Is re
sponelble for a feeling of much confidence In
the movement of business If the nation acts
conservatively at the polls. Prices of com
modities are weaker and the caution so grati
fying In a Presidential year keeps speculation
at>a minimum.
Cotton further declined, making the loes about
(6 a bale in two weeks. Planters aro rushing
work and picking Is expected to progress rap
idly enough to save most of the crop from
early frost. High prices make it possible to
pay good wages to picker* and the movement
at receiving points Increases largely. Domes
tic spinners are not liberal buyers, but exports
are only slightly smaller than a year ago.
Wheat has shown raore weakness, due in part
to the greater aotivrty at Russian ports an.l
Atlantic exports for the week were only 2,647,
2S5 bushels, against 3.270,228 a year ago.
Few imnortant fluctuations occurred in Iron
and steel, but there were small advances In
beesemer pig at Ptttsburg and billets at Phila
delphia. Moderate gains are reported In the
volume of transactions, although the tendency
Is to delay large contracts a few weeks. Im
plement makers take bar iron freely, how
ever, and orders for pipe are urgent, with
severe weather coming on. Structural shapes
ar« taken for forelcn points as fax distant aa
Egypt and domestic bridge builders buy freely.
More mills have gone into blast and the gen
eral tone is improving. Production of coke has
increased, but prices are easy and many ovens
still idle. Tin declined again, making the fall
l&c in two weeks and 6c from the high point
In July.
Leather and hides are firm and selling freely
because of steady Improvement In demand for
boots and shoes. Jobbers are placing large
orders with manufacturers and demand Is no
longer limited to fall goods. Spring contracts
are increasing at an encouraging rate, although
an effort Is made to keep these sales as quiet
as possible, owlnc to the effect on the market
for raw material.
While woolen mills are not working at full
capacity, more seasonable weathers-has in
creased buying in this line and purchases of
wool at the three chief Eastern markets ln
creaEed to 4,524.000 pounds, the best total for
a long time, although still far below the
amount taken through speculative activity a
year ago. Prices are steady and holders/show
no less confidence.
Failures for the wpek were 209 in the United
Sta.es against 145 last year, and 26 in Canada,
against 20 last year
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
flour, qr ska 2.3CO
SVT.eat, ctla 6,923
Barley, ctli *. 1*>
Dats. ctls 1.150
Torn, East. ctls.. 1.000
Rye. ctl3 730
Tallow, ctls 266
Butter, ctls 93
rhef>se, ctla .... 37
Quicksilver, flks. 83
Lime. bbl3 1S2
Sugar, sks 4.84-4
Wine, gals 2.750
Leather, rolls .. jo
Eggs, doz 42-ji
Raisins, bx , fgg
tildes. No i",
Pelts, bdls fc>,
VVool. bales jj
Dnions, sks J,27>
Bran, sks &~.t
Uidtllings, ska .. 400
Potatoes, sks ... 7. x.s
B*-ans, sks 9.77i
Hay. tons f$j
Straw, vor.s Hnn 34
FOR FRIDAY. OCTOBER 19.
Receipts of Produce.
rnercantil© paper, 6@6 per cent. Sterling ex
change heavy, with actual business In bank
ers bills at 14 84«4 for demand and at $4 SIVi
t? r «,«f, lxty da >'»: Posted rates. $4 820'4 82'.4 and
,.«' : comme rcial bills. $4 80%(i?4 81. Sliver
certificates. 6:HG64c: bar silver. 63'ic; Mexi
can dollars, 49Hc. Cfovernment bonds, strong;
btate bonds, inactive; railroad bonds, strong.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
BAGR-San Quentln Bags. $3 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July. 6V,@6iic- Wool
Bags. 2«Ht32< /i c; Fleece Twine. 7Hc* Frul
saa,5 i EgL e for - whlte and *««• ««
Un-giSnr^rs'eaftTe? Si^^l *&?££ Sr"
$5 50; Wallsend. |9; Co-operaUv'e WaUs^nd a-
Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 23 in ifi:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg «4- CannM iia
P«V On^ C t ke 'vP *** ton & bulk a^d $18 in
ISS^fA-^i^a « OUntaln descriptions. M 45 pi?
Thl^-^ t 00 - according to brand?
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com-
Panv quotes, per lb. In K0?lh bags:
™&2i h< « V&* 5 ?; PowOered. 6.25c: Candy Gran
ulated 6.25c: Dry Granulated. «.15c- Confec
5»°° ers ' 'A. «-15c: Magnolia A. S.75c: Exfm t'
barrels, 2ac more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags.
10c more.' No orders takan for less than 75
ba , rre l s^ or J t8 «J«ivaIent, Domlnos. half-bar
rela,- «.90c; boxe«. 7.15c per lb. "
General Merchandise.
Hogs , continue to* decline. Supplies are
larger and the Eastern markets are weak.
Otherwise there Is no change
fc?%?wI 6 ® 6>4C f ° r gt ~" *nd'5®5He per lb
VEAL-^Large, 7@«c; small, S«i®9c D«>r lh
MUTTON- Wethers. 7@7^ C ; ewes! 6 ?i©7c ner
pound. I •'"?"¦ * Kr
LAMB— 8®SHc per lb.
PORK-Llve Hogs. 5Hc f or email. 5*4c for
medium and 5>ic for large: stock Hoes »m
feeders, 5c; dreissed Hogs, 7@Sc.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about le under quotations. Heavy . salted
Steers. 9<89'/ic: medium. 8Hc: light. 8c: Cow
hldes, 8c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 8c; Salted
Veal 8c; Salted Calf. 9c; Dry Hides, 15@15%c;
culls, 12ffl3c: Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf. 15@16c;
culls and brands. 12arl3c: Sheepskins, Shear
lings, 15045c each; short Wool, 3O'g'4Oc each;
medium. 50<g"0c: long Wool, 75c<gjl each; Horse
Hides, «alt, $2@2 25 for large, $1 75 for medium,
$1 for small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides,
dry $1 CO for large, $1 23 for medium, Jl for
small and 25@50e for colt*. Deerskins— Summer
or red skins. 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c;
winter or thin skins, 17%6r20c Goatskins
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium. 33c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4£c per lb- No
2. 3gSHc: grease. 2®2%c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15@16c: Northern, defective 123
14c; Middle County; free. H^lCc; Middle' Coun
ty, defective. 12©14c; Southern Mountain, 12
months'. 9@10c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. 11012:: Southern Mountain, defective
7 months'. 9<glle; Humboldt and Mendoclno 18
®17c: Nevada. 13®16 per lb. .
< Fall Clip— San Joaquln. e^^So; do Lambs' a
@9c; Middle County, 9@llc per lb
HOPS-US14C per lb.
Owing to the weakness of th» Eastern mar
kets local dealers are inclined to sell. Light
Bacon Is In good demand and firm, but heavy
goods are dull.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. lHic per lb for
heavy. 12c for light medium, 13Uc for light.
14c for extra light and 15Hc for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured hams. 12c: Mess Beef,
$12 60 per bbl: extra Mess, $13 50; Family, $14;
extra Prime Pork. $lfi: extra clear. $19 50; Mess.
$17: Smoked Beef. 13c per lb.
L\RD Tierces quoted at 6*ie per lb for com
pound and Ohio for pure: half-barrels, pure.
9«e- 10-lb tin?. lOVJc; 6-lb tins lOHc.
COTTOLENE — One-half barrel. S^c: three
half barrels, 8Uc; one tierce, $%c; two tierces,
»\c: five tierces. 8>ic per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for ths
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie: standard. S^ic: prime. 8c;
unbleached Thompson's. 9c per lb. Sultanas—
Fancy 10'Ac p«r !b: choice. 9Hc: standard. S%o;
prime, 8c: unbleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless.
PO-lb boxes, 6Hc; 2-crown loose Muscatela. 8c;
!-crown, 6V4c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers, 2
crewn $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 80; Fancy
Clusters. $2: Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California. ,
NUTS— Chestnuts, 10@lZ4c p*r lb: Walnuts.
No 1 softshell. He; No. 2, 8c; No. 1 hardshell.
10c • No. 2 7Hc; Almonds. I54?lfic for paper
she'll ll®12' 1 4c for softshell: Peanuts. 3«r«o for
Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts. 13c; Pecans,
Hffl3c; Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY-Comb, UH@l<4o for bright and 124
@lSc for light amber; water white, extracted.
7«i-gSc: light amber, extracted. 7©7}4c; dark. 4
CCHc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24gtSc per lb.
Provisions.
FRUITS — Prunes. Santa Claras. 4 sizes, 3c:
40-SOs. 7c; BO-609, 6?ic: 6O-7O». 3 a ie; 70-S9s. Hie;
SO-SOs, 2*ic; 90-lCOs, z'^c; 100s and over, 2c: ru
bles, Me premium; Sonomas. %c and San Joa
quins Uc less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6&
8c for Royals and 10@ll»ic for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 4H@5'*c; sun-dried. 2Vi@4c;
Peaches. 4%©5c for standard, 5H@6c for choice
and 7<gSc for fancy; Pears. 2@7c: Plums, pitted.
6<g6V.c; unpltted, l@lHc: Nectarines. 5®5^c for
red and 5Vi«6c for white. ,
The market for Fruits continues dull and
unchanged. Raisins are still In good demand
and Nuts and Honey are firm.
PLUMS-20@40c per box.
GRAPES — Muscats. Tokays, black and other
ordinary ifarietles. -2CS3.-.C per small box and
40<g'65c per crate: Isabellas, in crates, 6oc3$l;
Cornlchons, in crates, 65^730; Wine Grapes.
$20@22 for white, $20022 for Mission and J21®
20 per ton for ZlnfandeL
MELONS — Nurmegs. 25375c per case; Canta
loupes, 50c«i$l 25 fer crate; Watermelons, $5<3li
per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $4@4 SO:
Lemons. 50c@$l 60 for common and $2S3 for
good to choice; Mexican Llm^s, $4 94 £0: Ba
nanas. $1@2 25 per bunch; Pineapples. $1 50©
2 CO per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
POMEGRANATES— 30-373C per small box.
STRAWBERRIES— $3®3 per chest for large
and $7 ; 2'8 for small berries.
HUCKLEBERRIES — 4^6c per pound.
RASPBEim(KS— X3<??fi per chest.
There Is nothing new In anything. Tester
fiay'B market was dull, owing to the rain, and
prices showed no change worthy of note.
The Victoria steamer took out 154 barrels
pickled Royal Anno Cherries for Cincinnati.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLES— 23@50c per box for common and
6C@9Oc for good to choice; Spitzenbergs, ?*c'<IJl-
PEARS — Winter Nellls, t>Oc@$l; Cooking
I'esrs, 25® 65c per box. *
QTINCFS— rr^teoo r*r box.
PERSIMMONS— 40@75c per. box.
FIGS — Nominal.
BLACKBERRIES— $7 per cheat. .,
CKANBEKHIKS-Cape Cod, *S 5O@8 73; Coco
Bay. $2ft»2 25 per box.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
EGGS— Quoted at 22%S'2Sc for store and 85®
40c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, lSgCSo.
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 26c; Seconds, 25c.
Dairy— Fancy. 24c; good to cholc*. 22f23o;
common, 2<< / u2lc.
Creamery lub— 20®22Hc p«r lb.
Pickled roll— 19«21C.
Firkin— 1S@1Sc.
Storage goods — 22}«<j?24e,
CHEESE— New. ll®ll'.4c: old. 10c: Towns
America. 11912c; Eastern. 13H®l*c; Western.
10iM2e per lb.
Fresh Butter Is demoralized. It is very hard
to sell and no reasonable offer Is refused. Stocks
aro accumulating. Most of the buyers are run
ning on packed goods. Prices are still lower.
Cheese Is In light supply and firm.
Eggs are quieter and dealers seem to think
that the top has been touched for the present.
Most of the demand is for cholca Eastern,
owing to their cheapness.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Supplies of Poultry are altogether too large
and the market is depressed. No reasonable
offer is refused.
Conslderabla spoiled Game 13 still arriving,
as the weather Is hot in the interior, and such
stock has to be dumped.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14@16c for Gobblers
and 140l6o for Hens; old Turkeys. 11012T*c;
Geese, per pair. $1 25@l 50; Goslings. $1 50@l 75;
Ducks, $3® 4 for old and $3 50@4 50 for young;
Hens. $3 50@5; Young Roosters. $3 50® 4; Old
Roosters, U 5Uf@4; Fryers, $3$3 50; Broilers, $3
3 50 for large and $2@2 50 for small; Pigeons.
$l<g!l 25 per dozen for old and $1 5001 75 for
Squabi>.
GAME— Quail. Jl 25 for valley and $2 for
Mountain; Mallard, $3@6 50; Canvasback, tV9
6 50 for choice down to $3 for poor; Sprig, $3@4;
Teal. $3§3 50; Widgeon. Jl 75@2 60; Small Duck.
$1 G0@l 73; Gray Geese. $3@3 fO; White Geese.
$1@1 £0; Brant. $1 50@2 for small and.. for
large; English Snipe, $1; Jack Snipe. 75<-@$l;
Hare. $1 25; Rabbits, $1 25®1 50 for cottontail
and %l for brush; Doves, 60@6Oc per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
same. Fancy Tomatoes sold ¦till higher, owing
to the rain. ... .
POTATOES-Burbanks. J0®60o for Rivera and
85c@$110 per ctl for Salinas and 66©Mo fqr
Oregon : Sweets. 40®75o for River* and $1 for
iwr'ctl; Pickla Onlone. 25©
VEGETAELES-Oreen Peas. 2@4c per lb;
String Beans. l%@3c; L-lmas. 233c per lb. Cab
bage $1; Tomatoes. Bay. 35SS5c; Egg Plant.
23©50c Ker box; Green Okra, 40@50c: Gre *"
Peppers, 35®50c per box for Chill and 4j>©wc
for Bell; Dried Peppers. 10® 13c: Carrots £>«£«.
per sack; Summer Squash, 65<SS5c for Alameaaj
Cucumbers, 4Q@5Oc for Alameda: Pickles. *i ->
per box for No. 1 and 65c for No. 2; Oarlic.
4©4ttc per lb; Marrowfat Squash. $S©10 p«r ton.
WHEAT— No. 2 red Western winter, firm, 6s
lUd- No. 1 Northern spring, dull. 6s 4Ud; No. 1
California, firm. 6s 5V4d. Futures— Steady: De
cember. 6s %d; February. 6a lT&d-
CORN— Spot. !£-m; American mixed. 4s 5Hd.
Futures— Steady; November, 4s 2d; December,
4s Uid; January. 3s lOVJd.
COTTON— Uplands. 5%d.
CLOSING.
LONDON'. Oct. 19.— Consols. 99 1-16: Silver.
29Hd; French rentes, 100f; wheat cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; No. 1 Standard Cal
ifornia, 31s; English country markets, dull.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 19.— Wheat, quiet: No. 1
Standard California, 6a 5Hd@6s 6d; wheat In
Parts, barely steady; flour In Paris, barely
steady: French country markets, quiet.
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 19.— Wheat dull, nothing do
ing and prices nominally Me lower. Bluestem,
65&c; club. 62Hc.
PORTLAND, Oct. 19.— Prices are nominally
unchanged at &3o for Walla Walla wheat and
56c for bluestem.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Oct. 19.— Clearings.. $382,743;
balances, $68,005.
Portland's Business.
LONDON, Oct. 19.— There was a full attend
ance at to-day's session of the wool auction
sales and business generally was quieter. Su
perior scoured sold steadily and inferior grades
were slow. Merinos were in good request by
the continent and America. Good coarse greasy
stock was In demand by the Americans and
tho home trade. Cape of oGod Hope and Natal
were Quiet. The number of bales offered was
12,907.
London Wool Market.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 19.— Cotton futures closed
unchanged to 2 points lower.
N'EW YORK. Oct. 19.— Although there was a
sharp reaction In tin In London, showing a rise
of about £2. It failed to materially affect the
local situation. Inasmuch as selling pressure
still dominated. The close here, however, was
firm but quiet at 527 75@28. Plgiron warrants
were very dull and unchanged at $3 50010. Lake
copper was a shade firmer in London, but was
dull and unchanged here at $16 75@17. Lead
and spelter both were dull at $4 37^ and $4 10®
4 15 respectively. The tin plate market was
quiet. The brokers' price for lead was $4 and
for copper $16 87»4.
Nezv York Metal Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. 19.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following " prices for California
fruit sold at auction to-day: Grapes— Tokays,
single crates, ft- 45@1 60, average $1 50; Mus-.
cats, single crates, $1 So®! E5, average »1 36.
Pears— Beurre Hardy, boxes, average 11 «0.
Prunes— Italians, single crates. 35@50c, average
4le.»Slx cars sold to-day. Weather hot.
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany 'sold California fruit at auction to-day,
realizing the following prices: Prunes — Italians,
single crates, 35@65c. average 60c. Weather
hot. Three cars sold to-day.
' BOSTON*. Oct. 19.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction to-day and
realized the follo.wing prices: Grapes-Tokays,
double crates, $3 65(93. average $3 9i : Tokays,
slnsle crates, $1 7E®2 25» average $1 89. One
car sold to-day. Weather, hot.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 19.-The Earl Fruit
Company's sales of California fruit at auction
to-day are as follows: Grapes— Tokays, double
crates. $2 80® 1. average $3 36; Tokays, single
crates, $1 3031 93. average $168; Clusters, sin
gle crates. $2 05@2 70, average $2 30; Cornichon.
single crates. $1 S0@l 60, average $1 52. Pears—
G. Morceau. boxes/ averase. *2 55. Weather
hot; one car sold to-day.
$2 75@4 25: heifers, $2 75@4 60; canners, $2@2 60;
bulls, slow, J2 90@4 33; calves. *4©6 25; Texas
fed steers, $4@4 W; grass steers, $3 30® 4 10;
bulls; $2 75@3 25. -^
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 21,000; to-morrow.
17.000, estimated; left over, 350O. Average
Bhade higher. Top. $4 87%; mixed an d butc. he r s .
*4 50@4 8TV4; good to choice heavy. $4 55W4 82H.
rough heavy, J4 40@4 50; light. J4 40@4 82V4; bmk
of sales. $4 60@4 75. , •• ...
SHEEP— Receipts. 9000. Sheep, slow to 10O
lower; lambs, steady. Good to cholc^ weth
ers. $3 75@4 10; fair to choice mixed. $3 35g3 W
Western sheep, $3 70^4 10: Texas sheep. *2 o0®
3 50: native lambs. $4 25@5 75; Western lambs.
$4 76<f 5 50. | «
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLj SATURDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1900.
business 'failures for the week number 223
In the United States, against 210 last week:
221 in this week a year ago; 213 in 1898; 205
in 1897 and 292 in 1S96.
• Canadian failures for the week number 22,
against 36 last week- 20 In this week a year
ago; 24 In 1S9S; 27 In 1897, and 48 In 1896.
From July l to date this season wheat ex
ports were E5.311.1C3 bushels, against 65.125,665
bushels last season 'and 01,610,889 bushels In
1SS3-99.
bushels last week. 4.1G0.61S bushels In the cor
responding week of 1SS9; 4.2S2.773 bushels In
189S; 6.552,171 bushels In 1897. and 4,067,217 bush
els In 189C.
Dun's Reviezv of Trade.
Bank Clearings.
New York Grain and Produce.
EASTERN MARKETS.
10
California Fruit Sales,
EMIL COnrj. AUCTIONEER.
WILL. SELL, TO-DAY at U o'clock a. m.. at
1167 MARKET ST.. bet. 7th and 8th. Nice Oak
Furniture complete of flat 8 rooms; furniture
and range Just like new; also extra range and
tnMes and chairs. EMIL. COHN. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALES"WALTER BENTLEY. WELL
. KNOWN ENGLISH TRAGE
DIAN.
Sailors' Registration.
OAKLAND. Oct. L<>.-DiPtr5ct Attorney
AJIen has decided that seafaring men
who sailed from here prior to January 1,
1900. when registration commenced, and
did not return until after It closed cannot
vote at the coming election. The law pro
vides that they do not lose tholr residence,
but dors not Ftate how they can overcome
the physical impossibility to register.
The decision of the District Attorney
nil rendered at the request of County
Clerk Jordan, to whom numerous applica
tions for registration have been made by
r-t-a captains who have Just returned from
long voyages.
Emeryville's Town Hall.
OAKLAND. Oct. 19.— The Town Trustees
of Emery vl 'l e ' have taken the first steps
toward the erection of a new town hall
for the thriving little municipality. At a
meeting last night Trustees Fleldwick,
Emery and Christie were appointed a
committee to select a suitable site for the
proposed new building. The present quar
ters of the town officials are large enough,
but it is the general opinion that a new
structure will greatly improve the appear
ance of the town. Several months ago
the Realty Syndicate offered to donate a
6lte on a side street, but the offer wa» re
jected.
world, but, as he says, he ia now "homeward
bound." • We heartily wish him all iucceaa*
WALTER BENTLEY, the well
known English tragedian and
all-round actor, arrived from
Australasia yesterday and is
¦registered at the California, Mr.
Bentley in accompanied by his private sec
retary. Cyrus Hales. They are on their
way back* to England, but the chances are
that Mr. Bentley may play a season In
New York before he goes home.
In speaking of Mr. Bentley the Auck
land Herald paid: : v - -1
By the oteamshlp Alamcda, which leaves
Auckland on Monday, Walter Bentley. the well
known and popular actor, sails for San Fran
cisco on hid return to England. Mr. Bentley
was one of the stars Imported from England by
the Australian Theatrical Company, of which
George Coppln of Melbourne was managing dl
rretor, and he subsequently appeared under the
auspices of Williamson A Mussrove. lately,
however, touring on his own account.
His stay in the colonies hM been marked
with unvarying success and the hosts of friends
h» has made In Australasia will follow his
future career with great Interest.
A» an exponent of tragic, characters Mr.
Bentley has few equals, his Hamlet alone en
titling him to take his place In the front rank
of the tragedians of the day, while his versa
tility In other and most dissimilar roles haa
often excited the admiration and wonder of
his numerous admirers.
Mr. Bentley began his theatrical career by an
association of three years with Sir Henry Irv
ing and ' he visited - the United States some
rear* ago, so he Is no stranger there. His
travels have extended pretty well all over .the
ACTOR BENTLEY BACK FROM
HIS TOUR OF AUSTRALASIA
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND. Oct. 19.— Marriage licenses
wore issued to-day to Ralph Buckingham
Elster, 29 years of age. Alameda, and Ger
trude Adrian Sherbourne,- 23, Oakland;
Edwin "Johnson Price. 27, San Francisco,
and Laura Libby. 29. Alamoda; Paul
Mathias Murphy, £S. b."*n Francisco, and
Maud Leona Clow, 20. Berkeley: Thomas
Burns, 22. and Mary Elizabeth Moran, 18,
both of Berkeley.
NO DECISION YET
IN OVERALL CASE
Faculty Committee Considers Stan
ford's Affidavit and Takes
Other Testimony. ,V:
OAKLAND, Oct. 19. — The faculty com
mittee' that Is considering the protest
made 'by Stanford against the playing of
Otval Overall of Berkeley upon the
ground of professionalism did not render
a decision to-night. The committee con
sidered the affidavit sent up by Stanford
and listened to considerable testimony
and finally took the matter under advise
ment. The students held their first good
football rally to-ntght in the gyirtnaslum
upon the eve of the ReliancerBerkeley
football game on the campus to-morrow.
Wilder Wight, a promising candidate for
end on the freshman eleven, had his right
snkle broken this afternoon during a
practice game with the Berkeley High
School team. He was removed to an Oak
land hospital. ;- ; ; '.;
OAKLAND. Oct. 19.— The ladles of St.
Columba's Catholic Church of Golden
Gate are actively planning for their an
nual fair, which will be held In Kllnkner
HhII for one week, commencing Saturday.
November 3. There will be a special pro
gramme of music each evening, and the
ladles in charge expect to make this year's
f»ir a greater success than Its predeces
sors Mrs. J. H. McMenomy will be in
chaVee of Golden Gate booth. She will be
assisted by Mrs. Hollis. Miss M. Hollls,
Ulrs. J. J. O'Rourke and Miss Lily Fltz-
Pf MI«s "Matthews, assisted by Mrs. Oil
christ and Miss Emily Furcate, will pre
side at the Emeryville booth.
At the candy booth sweets will be dis
pensed by Mrs. J. J. Ryan, Miss Victorlne
Cedrv. Miss Sarah Young, Miss Ada Ryan
and Mrs. E. Murphy.
St. Columba's Fair.
BERKELEY. Oct. 19.-The Bryan and
Stevenson Club of the University of Cal
ifornia held Its first rally to-night in Odd
Fellows* Hall. Hansford B. Griffith pre
sided. Addresses were made by Barclay
Henley and Judge William Craig of Sar.
Francisco and Frank Freeman -of. Berke
ley.
Student Democrats Bally.
Christian Endeavor Officers.
OAKLAND, Oct. 19.— Mizpah Intermedi
ate Christian Endeavor Society of the
First Methodist Episcopal Church has ln
ptailed the following new officers: Presi
dent. C. H. Beetle: vice president. Miss
Bessie Lancaster; recording secretary.
Miss Annette Downing; corresponding
secretary. Miss Margaret Wythe; treas
urer, Egbert Llddell.
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— Joseph KMegel,
who Is serving five days In the County
Jail for attempting to hang: himself to a
tree at Oakland Park, has failed to an
swer his wife's divorce complaint and
judgment will go against him by default.
Kliegei Pails to Answer.
John A. Britton to Speak.
OAKLAND. Oct. 19.— John A. Britton
will deliver an address next Wednesday
evening at Woodmen Hall on "The Young
Man In Business."
TROUBLE OVER DEEDS ;;>
TO PIECE OF PROPERTY
Fniitvale Capitalist and Real Estate
Dealer Have Fallen Out Ovtr
a Deal.
OAKLAND. Oct. 19.— Major C. C. Clay,
the well-known Fruitvale capitalist, and
Robert Cords, a Frultvale real estate
dealer, have fallen out over a transaction
which, according to Notary p. H. Blake,
who made the acknowledgment,' may be
th«" baais-of a Grand Jury investigation
or a suit in the courts. The question is
whether a de«-d to the former terminus
at Frultvale avenue, made, according to
the records, by Major Clay and his. wll's
to Mrs. Cords, and then to Cords, ts a
\alid one and executed by both the cap
italist and his wife. The tangle has got
to such a shape that inquiries have been
made at the County Recorder's office con
cerning the various transactions, while
Major Clay, who finds himself minus th3
property. Is wondering what has oc
curred. Notary Blake has a part In the
affair, because he made acknowledgment
to the transfer from the Clays to Cords,
accepting a subscribing witnese signature
to the grantors* signatures Inptfad of tho
p«r>»onal appearance of the makers of W12
deed.
I The stnry as related to-night by Notary
i Blake is as follows:
"Major Clay had a verbal agreement
with Cords to clear title with the Oak
land Transit Company to the property,
which for t«»n yearg had been In their pos
session. Now Clay has threatened to go
to the Grand Jury and to demand an in
vestigation.
TCARL SPELLING, attorney-at
law, made an assault upon the
works ot opposing counsel with
0 a ledger as a weapon during
the hearing of the action in
stituted by Harriet Mallett against the
Life Annuity Association before Judge
Troutt yesterday. For this breach of pro
fessional etiquette and assault upon the
dignity of the bench he must pay a fine of
$100 or repent tor his sins with live days
behind the bars of a prison. In the In
terim the assailed counsel, William Lair
Hill of Oakland, will receive the con
gratulations of his friends on the fact
that Spelling's threat to "bang him on
the head" was nipped ere It had fairly
budded. , -
For nine years the suit named has
at the court's stand and again referred
to the papers. Spelling quickly grasped
a ledger and charged to the assault.
'Til bang you on the head for your
lies" shouted Spoiling. He swung the
book at Hill, but the Oakland lawyer de
serted his base and retreated. Spelling
was stopped by the balMff. the book was
wrenched from his grasp and he was led
to the bar for the judgment of the court.
"For your contumacious conduct and
language." said Judge Troutt, "1 adjudge
you guilty of contempt of court. For your
conduct I fine you $100, in default of pay
ment of which I order you into the cus
tody of the Sheriff for five days "
Spelling remarked that he would take
the jail, aa he did not have the hundred
dollars. Judge Troutt then granted a
stay of execution for one week In order
that Spelling. might dig for the coin Next
Friday his fate will be finally determined
dragged in and out of the local courts.
Harriet Mallett, with many others, has
sought to compel a return to her of money
>she alleges was misappropriated by the
Life Annuity Association board of direct
ors. From time to time, and many, many
times, pleadings In the case have disap
peared. With each disappearance Spell
ing find Hill would cast reflecting glances
at each other. Yesterday It was Hill's
opportunity to argue the case. He open
ed with a few points of law and then
drifted Into the matter of the missing pa
pers. He intimated that perhaps Spelling
could tell a thing or two about the pa
pers. Spelling warned him not to repeat
his Insinuations if he valued the present
contour of his physical being. Judge
Trouttwarned Spelling to cease Interrupt
ing counsel, as an opportunity to reply
would be given him. Hill took courage
HOW T. CARL SPELLING. INFLAMED BY THE WORDS OF W. LAIR HILL, CHARGED HIS ENEMY, ARMED
WITH A LEDGER, AND SOUGHT TO DESTROY THE ATTORNEY WHO HAD SO "WARMLY ROASTED HIM BY
BLOWS WITH THE ACCOUNT BOOK.
WILL GIVE ART
LOAN EXHIBIT
Ladies of Berkeley Contemplate Per-
manent Organization to Assist
the New Hospital.
BERKELEY, Oct. 19. — About fifty ladles
of Berkeley met Wednesday afternoon In
Stiles Hall and organized an Art Loan
Exhibition Society.
Officers of the Art Loan Exhibition So
ciety were elected as follows: Honorary
president. Dr. Benjamin Ide Wheeler;
president, Professor E. J. Wickson; vice
president, MUdame F. V. Paget; secretary,
Mrs George E. Swan: treasurer. A. W.
Nay'lor. The chairmen of various com
mittees* were appointed as follows, each
chairman having power to appoint the
lest of the committee: Financial commit
tee Mr" E. W. Hathaway; directors,
Mrs A A Pennoyer; selection. Mrs. E.
E. Goodrich: music. Mrs. F. H. Payne:
•sketches and engravings, Mrs. Frank
Powers Miss F. W. McLean and Miss
M B Clayes were appointed a committee
on book3 and manuscripts.
OAKLAND, Oct. 19.— The funeral ol
Mrs. Samuel H. Mitchell took place this
afternoon from the family residence. 315
Thirteenth street. The services were con
ducted by Ivy Lodge No. 4. Degree ot
Honor. Rev. Robert Ritchie officiated.
The pallbearers were Charles Ingler and
Policemen Shorey. Kyte. Rand. Mackey
and Morrison Interment was at Moun
tain View Cemetery.
Funeral of Mrs. S. H. MitdielL
Burglars Disappointed.
The Peacock teahouse at 223 Ge&ry
street was entered by burglars Thnrsdaj
night. The till was rifled and the burg
lars got three counterfeit dollars, twe
plugged quarters and four Canadian
dimes. "
PRESIDENT TO FIRST VOTERS.
McKinley Writes in Raply to Tele-
gram from "T-wenty-Ouesters."
The executive committee of the First
Voters* McKlnley and Roosevelt Club
held a meeting last night at the rooms of
the State Central Committee. Gratifying
reports were made of the enrollment of
members, and plans were discussed for
the club's active participation in the cam
paign.
The following: personal letter from
President McKinley. written in response
to a telegram from the club, was read:
J M. Mannon. President First \oters Mc-
Klnley and Roosevelt Club. San Francisco— My
l^ar Sir: Permit me to thank you for your
very kind tel»sram of the 9th inst. and to ex
tend my cordial greetings to yourself and the
members of your club. Sincerely yours.
WILLIAM MeKINLEY.
Executive Mansion, Washington. Octob*r 11.
Colonel George Stone of the State Cen
tral Committee and William M. Abbott
of the Union League Club were present at
the meeting. Among the "twenty-one
«ters" who took part in the discussion of
plans were J. M. Mannon Jr., Joseph
Mayer J. M. O'Brien, J. A. Mapee, Paul
Jonea. R. C. Van Fleet. Ben P. Upham,
Roy G Hudson. Emery T. Smith. E. E.
Baumeister, J. A. Windrow. E. H. Pratt.
W. B. Getz and Leoiv.L. Koos.
Carey Van Fleet, one of the speakers
at the Metropolitan Temple rally and a
member of the executive committee, has
accepted an invitation to speak at the
rally at Sacramento Wednesday evening,
at which William R- Davis of Oakland
will be the principal speaker.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
GRASS VALLEY. Oct. 13.— Mrs. Henry
Hicks cf Hills Flat *wallow#<l part of the con
tents of a vial of cyanld? of potassium to-day
by irlstake and for a time her recovery was
doubtful. Her physician applied a stomach
pump successfully anj she 1» now out of dan
ger.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 13.— August Nelson was
found dead in bed this morning: at the Santa
Rosa Hiiuse. After an examination, physicians
conclude*! he had been dead since Wednesday.
He was a victim of consumption anil hia de
mise wa< caused by a hemorrhage ot the
lungs. *
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 13— Three cars laden
with wheat were ditched at Claries, a station
a short distar.ee west of WaJsworth. thU
TOorninir. It Is not known here what causeii
the wreck. The train was a west-bound freight
and the mishap caused a delay of six hours to
all other trains. Nobody was hurt.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 13.— Nicholas Spoo cf th!s
city and Miss Susie Moeller of San Francisco
wen? married last evening at the home of
Mrs. George Bram on Sequel avenue. After
the ceremony a reception was held at Hotel
Haseman. Two hundred sat down tn the
¦wedding supper. The Arion Singing Society
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 19.— The Los Angeles
Ice and Cold Storage Company to-day p«tl
tloned the City Council for permission to con
struct and maintain a system of underground
plj>»s to be used \n the transmission of am
racr.la to hotels, commission houses and ot?i»r
places where refrigeration Is required The
system may also be used in offices »nd resi
dences for cooling the air during excessive heat,
but such use is net at present contemplated by
th« company. The petition was taken under
Veterans Favor McKinley.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10. -Robert G. Dy
renforth, commander in chief of the
United Veterans' L'nion. to-day Issued an
ofScIaJ circular urging all members to
vote for the re-election of President Mc-
Klnley. The circular states that article
XIII of the constitution of the order
makes It the duty of the commander In
chief to advise In matters of election.
Will Destroy Andre Monument.
NEW YORK, Oct. 19.-The plot of
ground on which the historic monument
was erected at Tappan. X. Y.. by the lata
Cyrus W. Field in memory of Andre, tho
revolutionary spy. was sold to-day for
non-payment of taxi.-. The purchaser
says that ho will obliterate the historic
memorial.
Foresters Are for McKinley.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 13.— A straw rota
taken to-day In the High Court of Cali
fornia. Independent Order of Foresters,
resulted as follows: McKlnley 254. Bry
an 77, Debs 6.^
Killed in a Wreck.
CAIRO. 111.. Oct. 19.— A switch engine on
the Mobile and Ohio Railway collided
with a freight near this city to-day and
C. C. Oliver, Mobile and Ohio agent at
Jonesboro, 111., and Louis PallozaJla, ol
New Orleans, were killed.
WITH A LEDGER FOR A WEAPON, CARL
SPELLING SOUGHT THE BLOOD OF HALL
street. The principal building material
w... be sandstone. The exterior will re
mind observers of the present church
structure at the northwest corner of
Powell and Gear? streets. The interior
will ernDrace the improvements found in
the most modern houses of worship in the
East. The building site has an irregular
shape, being 175x125x25x50x100. There is
some haste to begin the new structure on
account of the approach of the time when
the heirs of Colonel Fred Crocker will en
ter into possession of the present church
site. »
THE accompanying picture shows
how the new house of worship, to
be erected for the congregation
of the Calvary Presbyterian
Church, at Jackson and Fillmore
streets, will look when completed. The
drawing I" from a perspective prepared by
C. C. McDougall, the architect commis
sioned by the building committee to sug
jfes»t plans. C. C. McDougall went East
to insnect church architecture. On his re
turn he made a report. Subsequently,
two sets of plans were filed with the
building committee. Those providing for
the building represented in the picture
have been accepted by the majority of
the building committee. Last evening a
meeting of the congregation was held to
consider bids. It was decided to jrive the
contractors until Friday evening, Novem
ber 2, to forward bids, and the meeting
was adjourned until that time.
The structure to be erected will cost,
approximately. $130,000. The plans call for
an edifice ftOxino feet and a chapel 60x100
feet, both structures to face on Fillmore
FRONT ELEVATION OF THE HANDSOME BUILDING WHICH WILL BE ERECTED ON* THE CORNER OF FILL
MORE AND JACKSON STREETS. IN THE WESTERN ADDITION, IN WHICH CALVARY CHURCH CON
GREGATION WILL HOLD ITS SERVIQES.
Proceedings of the Water Case
Include Testimony of Several
Councilman Who Make
Good Showings.
»
OAKLAND. Oct. 19.— "Public officials
cannot he brought here and treated like
criminals," was Special Counsel Hayne's
indignant proUst to-day against the man
i:er in which the water company's at
torneys were examining witnesses.
Judge Hart was again compelled to heed
the voice of objection and to demand
from Attorney McCutcheon that different
tact'.cs be employed.
With the frequent battles to keep
the combine's lawyers within bounds, and
the sharp rattling that Attorney Mc-
Cutchcon got in trying to drive Council
man Kdwln Mccse into a corner, there
was enough excitement to relieve the dry,
dull, monotony of repetition which marks
the water compuny's prosecution of its
case.
Councilman Meese was a notable ex
ception in the list of his colleagues In
point of clear, direct combat against the
corporation's eminfnt legal represent- i
atives. He, with Mott. Glrard and Stet- '
ton. have so far curried off the palm for |
keeping cut of bad corners. Mott, to the j
surprise of himself ami his feliow Cou;i- |
clltnen; w;;s not examined upon his i
knowledge' of the- water rate question, j
The company's lawyers shied at tackling •
him to-day, but whether they propose to j
go at him on that Bubject later is a se- |
cret they have not disclosed. Mott was J
excused, aft.-r being questioned about a
published interview, but With the under
standing he might be rec. tiled. His in
timate Knowledge of the subject is said
to be the re-ison for the attorneys' inde
cision upon the question oj an attack.
Every mftnber of the Council has now
been through tht mill except Schaffer.
Judgo Hart amended the order directing
the water company to produce the I'itch-
Liurg pumping plain records.
Ttien the grist for the day was opened
by Councilman Taylor, who was some
what negative concerning his method of
determining a valuation on the water
company's plant, hut was very forceful j
In explaining why he had eliminated the
Oakland tDingfe.) Water Company's
plant from consideration. That fateful
admission of President Watkinson that
the Contra Costa Company had always
been al>l* to supply suifielenl water ior
the city bobbed up in Taylors testimony
to haunt the corporation like Banquos
ghost that would not down.
Mr. Taylor was asked by McCutcheon:
"What 'evidence did you consider before
you decided upon what water rates would
yield a fair return to the company?"
"Among other matters, Mr. Watkinson
appeared before the Council committee of
the whole." replied Taylor, "and read a
long- statement. The Councilmen ques
tioned him at great length. 1 asked him
if the Contra Costa plant had ever been
insuilicient t j supply the city, ami he re
plied that It had not. I asKod if it was
now sufficient, and he replied that it was. j
Thnt was the reason I was in favor of j
considering only one plant In fixing j
rates."
"Hut Mr. "VVatkinson was asking that
both plants be considered in the fixing of j
rates'.-"
"He thought the city should be willing !
to pay rates covering both plants because I
In some unforeseen emergency both planes
would be needed."
Councilman Me«»se was subjected to a
hard examination by Mcuutcheon and
Moore.
"1 accepted the report of the special
committee of 1*1*5, " explained the witness,
I was informed by the gentle
men who a. c : ; i.sted in compiling 1t that
th«*y had engineers to secure data."'
Then there was a. r.£ht about Meese's
signed interview whicn William J. Din
gee pulled out of an envelope of which he :
has been the careful custodian since the
trial began.
Mr. Hayne made objtetlon to the docu
ment, but it was overruled.
"It was a dastardly piece of business,"
then declared M^cse.
"Do you inean." asked McCutcheon, i
"that it was foolish fcr vou to express |
your views?"
"No: but any man of intelligence can :
see what that interview was procured for. ¦
It was foolish for me to make it because J
uf the use to which it is being put."
Meese explained that portions of his
Ftafrrifnt had been cut out and that the
published article left - ne water company '
a chance to pat interpretations upon it {
which could be usod aeainst him. i
Then McCutcheon called Councilman |
Mott and. to tho amazement of the lobby. I
started off ¦with the signed Interview that i
Dingey handrd his attorney from that ]
same omlnouF paper puueh.
After identifying l.is signature Mr.
Mott explained: "When that paper was j
broucht to me. some time after I had an
Interview with the reporter. I read !t hur- I
riedly and started to rewrite part of it. :
But I found that I did not have sufficient
time to do that, so I signed the statement j
with the absolute understanding: that cer
tain matter pertaining to wat<r rates was !
to be cut out..
"I never made ruch Statement:-! as are i
contained in the article about engineers
and that sort of stuff. As I tell you. I i
trusted to the reporter to cut It otit. Of !
course, it wag a careless thin* to sign the j
statement, but I presumed that the mat- j
ler would be left out as I directed."
Councilman Rowe was questioned brief
ly and court was adjouT»d until Tuesday
before his examination vras completed.
Demands That Public Men
Be Not Treated Like
Criminals.
HAYNE COMES TO
OFFICIALS' RESCUE
ALAMEDA, Oct. 13.— The dinner hour at
the residence of John A. Hammersmith of
2TH2 Eagle avenue was full of sound arl
fury last evening and ended in furniture
and crockery being broken up in largo
.quantities. Mrs. Hammersmith, wluue
hu«har.d is the well-known sportsman a»;il
leader of the Olympic CSub, and the hired
man. Teter Innes. were arrested for ba'.
tery after things had quieted down, at
the instance of Miss Emma Ohlson. the
servant girl, who was at the root of all
the evil. To-day the trials of the arrested
persons went on before Justice of thd
Peace Morris.
It seems from the variegated testimony
th.it just as the Hammersmith family was
about to partake of the first course of
their dinner last evening Miss Ohlson was
called to the telephone to answer a man's
voice. Miss Ohlson started in to maka
a "date." Mrs. Hammersmith forbade tre
girl going out. The girl stamped her
pedals down and said she would go out.
The lady of the house repeated the order
with more emphasis. In reply Miss Ohl
son smashed two fine china plates on the
hearth.
After this little Incident the hired man.
Mr. Innes. was railed in. Aided by the
Hammersmith family, consisting of hus
band, wife and son, he p*tt the recalci
trant girl into the pantry, locking the
door. This coup was made somewhat easy
by reason of the fact that Mrs. Hammer
smith poured a pitcher of ice water over
the servant erfri. as she «airt. "to cool
her down." Miss Ohlson dM not stay a
prisoner long, for with the aia nf a sledge
hammer, reinforced by her hands and
feet, she knocked a panel out of the door
and gained her freedom. Then she cams
to the police station and swore out war
rants for the arrest of her assailants.
Mrs. Hammersmith and the hired man
were brought to the police headquarters
by Constable Clarke in a carriage, as the
former would not submit to the indignity
of walking with a "cop."
Miss Ohlson was quit^ dramatic durlnj;
the narration of her alleged wrongs on
the stand. She worked herself up Into
several kinds of spasm and once the court
had to dash stimulants and ice water into
her face to keep her cooled down.
Justice Morris dismissed the ense be
cause he thought there had been blam9
on all parties to the- melee.
Wants to Make a "Date" and Fights
Because the Lady of the
House Enters an Ob
jection.
Smashes the Hammersmiths'
Things and Then Has
Them Arrested.
SERVANT GIRL
IS A TARTAR
BERKELEY, Oct. 1?.-The qmstlon of
exempting church property from taxation
caused much discussion at the synod of
i "ai.r-irtiia. this morniiip. The subject was
brought uj> by a report from a commute.
appointed to look into the status of thv
tffort to relieve churches of that expense.
Dr. J. W. Dinsmore, chairman of the
<- 1 !nmi:t«e, presented the report, reviewed
the work which has been done in canvass
::.g the State, and in speaking of the
;>ians of the committee regarding this
amendment, read the following resolution:
Resolved. That every m< l rr.ber cf this Bjrood
here i'res*-nt pledge himself to make it his
perecr.al t>us:titFs to Lave this imr'jrtant mat
ter brought before his congregation, in what
he r^jarJs the mct^t effective mi-nriT, liefore
election <2ay, exiOain:r.g it and urging up'in
evtsy voter to vote for this amendment.
Dr. Dinsmore supplemented his report
by an address presenting reasons why this
amendment should be supported. The
;;rgument for exemption was made on the
ground that churches arere public institu
tions, purely philanthropic, supported by
the voluntary contributions of those who
did not expect anything in return. They
ask that they l«e not made to pay for the
privilege of philanthropy. Further, it was
IKjlr.ted out that if the taxes now being
paid by churches were distributed over
the Siate it would not be felt by tax
payers.
• Kev. W. B. Noble and Dr. H. K. Walk
rr followed Dr. Dinsmore, both maklrg
strong pleas for th«» amendment.
Directors for the San Anselmo Theologi
cal Seminary for the next three ye?.rs
were elected as follows: Rev. \Y. S. Holt,
D.D.; Rev W. \V. Fraser: Bev. R. F.
Maciaron. D.r>. ; Rev. John Hemphill.
V.I). ; Wales S3. Palmer, Hon. W. H. Gil
bert, George D. Gray, David Jacks, J. B.
Sutton.
The afternoon meetinp was devoted to
the Woman's Occidental Board. Mrs. Cy
rus Wright, the president of thf board,
presided. Reports on the progress of the
work were made by Mr?. R. A. Keily,
Mrs. 1. M. Condit and Miss Belle Gar
rette.
The report of the committee on pulpit
pupply tendered the following assign
raents, which were adopted:
Trinity Meih<>iist Episcopal Church, Berke
ley, Rev. Arthur Ilarnhlsel. morning; lenuo.
First CongTetrsaional Church. Derkeley. Rev.
•;eorpe C. Oiflen. morning. Centennial Church.
' 'akUn.i. Rev. A. Parker, D.D.. morning.
Siiith IVrkeley Preybyterian Church. Uev.
Hurh T. IV.btir.5, 3 p. m. : Rev. It .!. Johnston,
rnoTQlnr; Ilev. S. Waller. D.L».. evening.
Bra Idjm Presbyterian Church. Oakland. Rev.
I». 1^. Ma>~quarrie. momtr.g. fan Itafati Vref
byterUa, Kl?v r c nt . rrnan morring; Rev.
.T ¦tn R. Jones, evening. Lebanon Presbyterian.
Sin Francisco, Rev. H. G. Johneton. morning;
Bev. H. W. Chai-man. evening. Union Ptreet.
Oaktand. Rev. <J. t>. n. Steuart. morning. Ala
hurch. Itev. F. J-. Nash, morninp; Rev.
•;• trt- «'. G'JTen, evpr.ir.fi. Vallcjo church,
Kcv, W. P. McElwee, tnornlng. Teme^cal
church, Oakland. B*». rharles M. Fi*her.
m r: :::c: Bev. O^rpe R. Hlrd. evening. First
1-.. : • -t Church. Berkeley, Rev. Thoma* F.
i-. :>I-.. mornine; Rev. R. S. Eastman.
evening. \Ve«mln.-ter <*hureh, Kan Francisco,
N". Boyd. morning. Blmhont church,
~ •'¦ r.n. Calvarr «*hurch. San Francisco,
''•¦¦ *¦ >'- B. Hush, morning. Memorial <'huroh
El r. FYBBeteeo. Itev. William Boe^;»-r. Mizpah
Cltarch. s^n Francisco. Rev. G. H. Bisdow,
ntcrning; Rev. Njr Pcm Oaew, evening
CHURCHES WORKING
FOR TAX EXEMPTION
Will Make an Organized Fight for
the Amendment — Issue an
Appeal to Voters.
Oakland Offi'-c San Francisco Call,
Ills Broadway. Oct. 19.
The churches* of Oakland are to mak*
a:i orp;-: ' -. .1 Hfrht for th«r constitut'cnal
i-ni-niimtiH to be voted upon next month,
vhich will <-xtmpt churches from taxa
tion. Twenty-flve yf the Protestant
churches of l>akland have elected uMe
tut^s to a central organization, which
v.-... have charge of the campaign ffir the
amendment. This central organization
m< t last evening and formulated an ap
;>»-«! to voters. E. .L. Finch presided at
the meeting. 3t was <lc-cidfU thr mem
bere of each church should lake an active
hanu in disiributing the api^eal, which is
as follows:
To the Voters of the Cty of Oakland: Vote
"V-s" on uaeodment No. fc to the State con
stitution, ejtetnj'tin^ frx>d tajtatjon certain
church property.
Flrsl— Becanae California is the only State In
the I'ni'.a that taxes churches.
.— cmd— BccauM this amendment appll*^> only
to tacb building.-, and the lanJ on which they
ttand as> are uct-d -.-;¦. and exclusively for
rolgiout woi-shi;.. It d~es not exempt from
:: r.a! reiijious j'Unnitef.
Tiurd-Ii-rause the necessary increase of
tax«s on remainir.R taxable property aroaU U
'tir-..nc!'5Tal>l»—K?» than £0 cnts en JlOOO of
&srr*r.ZL: le i>rorierty.
Fourth — Ifc-mus* while the ex<*t~nce of
cburctxn la the community I* of direi I benefit
to tvtrr dollar's worth of rea! f.«tate therein.
* iarpe portion cf the prnperty *j benente<l
o Rtrlbute* nothing to th*-ir support.
Finaliy— The State 1? not arked to aid the
cti'-n h<-f. It is on'.y asked ik.i to Injure them
bjr taitp' i n. They are built by voluntary cin-
WihutH.jt.s ar»- non-i)r<«iurtlve, are of large
lenefit to the entire community, and by every
knoxvn i rir.ri;.!e <l faimess and justice" Fhould
be untaxed.
The following ir the proposed amendment:
"•All buiidir-KB and f-> much of the real prop
erty <,n which they are *l:uat--d so may \>f re
quired for the convenient u.*«- and occupation
I f ±iii& building*, vhen the same are use<l
m lely and evclusively for religious worship.
;.ha!l »•* free from taxation: provided, that ao
bu:i<J!nj? fo used TtiKh may be rented for r»
liBi )U! purpofM, and r*nt rc-ce-ved hy the
- wner dwrwt, shall \*> wktch from taxation '"
IX> ycu believe the t<re£ence of churches in a
crrr.mur.it>' df^irablr?
This amendment will tend to foster their
nsalnt'-nance and promote their «-ffecTi-.-ene*s
If you favor the amendment vote for its
i! ;¦ ption and commend it to 'thers.
ffiKiW) F.'S. Htratton. Jam^s A. Johnson
It H. Chamberlain. H. C. Ta!t. John W Ftet
t- n. J. A. Biles. Th^rna* H. Phc-I.y J r \v «
Kr.;*rht. W. O. FUfdRley. K. S. Kinch. Mvron T.
Holroznb. I>r. W. J. Wilccx.
The URderrisned Indorse the above am«n<]
mcM; Georse C. Perktrm. V. H. Metralf. w ar .
r<n Oln^y. Cary Howard, D. Edward Collins
Ji.hn A. Britton.
Th<» dolt»grr»t*»f: from the various churches
to the central organization, as far as
elected, are:
ilethfwiist-Firrt Church, E. fi. Finch, James
A. Jptrasoo and Myron T. Holcomb: Chmpr
p'rrt>t. \V. S. Mrllurtry, John B. Andrews and
H. Brul>aJc«T; i. ?i.iii avenue. J. \V. Watson.
«_". *".. L/.mtan! an.J J. J. North: Tv.enty-fourth
avenue. I>r. Palmt^aujc. E. E. Hunt and John
y.'.W; Aebury fcouih. Dr. I). J. I'rather. W. H.
Watte end E. K. Healey; Norwegian and Dan
ish. A. Th'.mtwwm. H. Myhre and J. J, Simon-
Fen; FaJems Gemetnfle. II. Schroder. J. Knud
c-rt and J. G*>rt—r; Sw#«lt*h. J. IJ. Herman.
Con*T*>*atlo!ial— First Church. \V. O. ISadg
ley. F. S. Ftratton and R. H. Chamberlain ; Pil
grim. l>r. W. J. Wil<Mx, AV. E. Ma»<m and \V
D. Thomas; Oak Chaj*l. \\\ H. Way. Arthur
Ari«tt and K. S. Thompson: Grace of Fitch
burs.' O. W. H&r.r-ltine. E. Gates and M. Bre
vort: Plymouth avenue, fv R. Wood.
Presbyterian-Kim Church. W. H. Knight.
T. B. I'heby Jr. and George Kirk; Brooklyn. R.
A Fovle and Mr. Thayer; Centennial, T H
Cruff: rro«ppct Hill. W. M. Gr^nFladc. A.
Jones and S. O. U«nkin: 1'nion-ntr^t, Kobert
Mom. G. L. Munro and W. F. Kroll.
Haptist— Ffrrt Kr», S. T. Meads, Dr. F. E,
Pierce «nd H. W. M<<ii<!b.
Firt=t English Lutheran— H. W. Dumass, Geo.
W. FMoJcand H. I'etrrson.
First I'nitarlan— John A. Bliss, Albert II El
ll.rt fciid John W. stetson.
EpiwopaJ— St. Pauls, H. C. Taft, C. D. Hay
den and Brae* Harden; Kt. John's, C. K. Klntr
Gforpe Roth and T. B. roRhtSl: Trinity, H. M.
Sanbera; Church of the Advent. J. J. Valen
tine.
Plan of Campaign to Have
the Amendment Passed
in November.
Resolution Urging All Ministers to
Bring the Matter to the Atten
tion of Their Congregations
and Ask for Suppoiw
SYHOD TAKES UP
CHURCH TAXATION
Great "Work Is Being Quietly Done by
the National Republican Cam- .
paign Committee From
Oakland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Cail,
HIS Broadway, Oct. 13.
One of the big Republican meetings of
the campaign will be held tc-morrow
(Saturday) evening at the" Tabernacle,
when Samuel M. Shortridge. President!*!
Elector on the Republican ticket, will
make an address. This is one of the b!?
meetings under the auspices of the Coun
ty Central Committee, and it will be de
voted to the great, issues of the campaign.
George W, Reed will preside. The Young
Men's Republican League will act as an
escort to Mr. Shortridge.
One of the mo3t important pieces of
work that la being done in the State '.*
that of the National Republican con
gressional Committee, of which congress
man Victor H. Metcalf is the nead in Cali
fornia, from their headquarters at 1004
Broadway. This work Is under the gen
eral direction of Mr. Metcalf. and under
the detailed direction of Fred. M. Camp
bell, the secretary. The work Is largely
educational and cautionary in its charac
ter. Mr. Campbell is in communication
with all parts of California and where he
finds a matter to which he cannot attend,
but which needs the work of some com
mitteeman or candidate in other sections,
it is at once referred to its proper place.
Communications are received daily from
all portions of the State from Repblicans
who want printed matter sent to certain
sections or who want personal attention
given to parties where good can be done
for the Republican/candidates. These are
answered at once. In this way much is
being done for the Republican candidates
for Congress in other sections of Califor
nia Avhere there ia a closer contest than
in Mr. Metcalfs district.
Much of this work is being done by
volunteers who furnish information and
address the proper matter. Among the
volunteers who have been at work are:
Major J. W. Tompkins. Webb N. Pearce.
J. Cal. Ewing. A. L. Hannaford. R. F.
Jackson, Richard B. Ayera. Ed M. Hol
land. D. C. Breed. William HowWt. Dr.
F. W. Pierce. E. W. Owen, William J.
Patterson, Mack Webber, Charles Stras
burg. Stewart Gemmell. Mnses Marcuse.
Arthur L. Martin. Samuel Smith. Paul J.
Schafer. H. C. Cantwell. H. K. Snow. J.
F. Summers, H. G. Allen and Andrew M.
Campbell.
Harry A. Melvln. who has been through
Los Angeles representing the Attorney
General's office, reports that Los Ange!?s
County will probably give 5000 majoriiy
for MeKlnley in place of the majority
given for Bryan four years ago.
The Seventh Ward Republican Club hel.l
a meeting this evening, which was ad
drepsed by District Attorney Allen; G. R.
Lukens, candidate for State Senator; Dr.
N. K. Foster, candidate for the Assembly;
H. D. Rowe. candidate for Supervisor:
Harry A. Melvin. W. II. Waste and
James A. Johnson.
Big Meeting To-Night to
Listen to the
Elector.
SHORTRIDGE WILL
SPEAK IN OAKLAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1900.
Will Be of Sandstone and Will Closely Resemble
Present House of Worship on Old Site.
CALVARY PRESBYTERIANS
WILL HAVE FINE CHURCH
11
c
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggist.; all sort* of pcoplo ua
using it. ."„'
The traveling man wants full fare* at
hotels, but he doesn't object to half fare
on the railroads. .
Some men are always wanting people
to tell them how good lookinc they are,
but a woman will stand up in front ot a
mirror and aea for herself.
Next Sunday's Call will be
filled with interesting articles
and among others there will
be a page devoted to the do-
ings of an American girl in
India — none other than Miss
Daisy Leiter, sister of Lady
Curzon.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1900.
12
SAX KRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco i
Call, corner of Market ar.d Third streets, open j
Until 12 o'clock every nlsrht in the year.
r.RAXCll OFFIC__-1S7 Montgomery street,
ccrner «"lay; open until ?:30 p. m.
300 Hay, s Ftr^et: open until 9:39 p. m.
CSS McAllister street: open until ?:»> P- m.
C15 Larkin street; or«-n ur.tll *:»» P- *~-
IM1 Mission ftreet; Ol>en until 10 p. m.
2.61 Market street, comer Sixteenth; open
DStU 2 p. m.
106 Eleventh strf-t: or«"n until 9 p. ra.
If** Valencia street: <>p«*n until S p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty ¦eco— I and Ken-
tucky strt-eis; open until 9 p. — •
CBCSCH SCH VICES-
nflPOX-TASrr _ Sp«<_l meeting in Pioneer j
Hall Fourth Bt- near Market. Thursday. Krl- j
day 'r.v.A B_tttt-_y. <«-U,\*t IS to «, at U JL j
tn.". 2_» and 7:45 p. m. ; Sunday. b< * r -j;
__W a->1 :i5 p. m. A variety of Scripture
F i'ibi«-<;s dimmed. AddfeaM-. IHM« rulings.
Gospel pre-chinc etc L'ndenominaUon-L
Seats free. Ccm;-. T3rlr.g ;-our Bible. j
MKKTIXG XOTKKS.
MISSION I/.«3st" N". 1«». F. and A. M.- ft
Officer! tad member- are hereby n " u "«^V, '
fi.*i ta attend Ox funeral rtt oor tP Mk/\ i
brother P_« M_««r MARCEL— OS A. ' XT > ]
PORN. TW-fOOBDW ..<und_>) at 12:3y p. ;
m.. from UaMDic Temj«le. Port _r.'l Mont-
KO-wry sts. |ly ord«T ¦•t the w. M-
<;IX>. D. FLACK. Secretary-
M1F?I"N Lodge No. 109. T. and A. _L- •
C_II.'d ineeUn* THIS (SATITRDAV) *V_ I
r\_NINC>, at 7 O"«*OC_ Third 1 »«rsree. j&J\ ;
OEO. I>. FLACK. Secretary. ' ~^
YKRBA r.lT.NA I*-dKe No. 15. I. I
O O r.-Hn>thers: You are re- g__22SS= j
quested to asst-n-.ble in Memorial rZ£&?4^ •
Hall BCSeDAX. n o cio«-k to at- ?¦ - |
tend the funeral of o-^r !ate brother. M. A. ,
HORN. JOHN A. OHLSEN. N- O- Pro tern. j
WOODMEN of the WorM, , gdl !
Golden Oate Cam? No. >___^_—-_-W k
fi4— Munberf are hereby
neral of our late nelph- fefcgj*-^*****"^ .
bor. RICHARD J. RING. , ;_-_ I
Sunday at 1:3'* p. m.. fmm hi* We ««"«}?_ !
«10C _rc«-wlc- St., thence to tat. Brigid s
Church Van N.-ss avenue an- Broadway, at
S p. m.' E. R- ENOLEMAN.
CDB-ol Commander.
D. OUVKR JR.. Clerk. j
WOODMEN of the WorM. __-n i
Golden 'late O.-vmp No. rg
64— _i embers are hereby —^fe5_*_J7_f_\ ;
notified to _"¦ E?S--^Wfi3P_E_l7
funeral of our line neiph- VTljyilfr^" T
Ivr, CHARLES L\ BIE-
DEL, SITNDAV. st 2 o'clock r. ~i.. from 1
hi* late residence. CT^S Twenty-si-ih st.. .near
Guerrero. E. R- ENGLKMAN.
Consul Corr.m— nJer.
I>. OLIVER JR., Clerk. i
N. ? Q. W.— The of2c*r«= an_ mw.bers of the !
Orar.d and subordinate parlors N. P. O. W. '
will atten.l th*» funeral of our late brother.
r_=t Or-nd President M. A. HORN, from ;
Masonic Tempi*. BCJCDAT. October O. at 1
p m ?i<rcial train tn cypress Lawn Ora- .
rtery. R. O. RT'ST. (".rand President. ;
HE-CRT LrNPTEirr. Orar.d Secretary. i
ANN CAL M— g 1' 1KG— Regular annual meet- ,
Ihr of ftookholdera of the IClLJVfEA SlT.AIt ;
I'LANTATION CO. will f«? heid at the otfice
Cf the company. No. ST7 Market ft., San
Francisco. «."aliforT.!a. on WEPNKSDAY,
the I-tth day of October. 19<A at 11 oV.ocVt
B rr... tor the rurpos; of eleotinK n Iwant
of _!r< »otn— to »»r\-e for the ensuing \ eax ,
ar.rt the transaction of <>uch other bus:r.e*e ae
rr.ay corc* !> fr>~ the tneetlnK. Transft-r books
c!>-*e on Saturday. < >ctot>er 13. at 12 o'clock m. i
B. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
*LL ca" borrow meney or. silks, oil paln^i"?'
r-.J bupries ircrr. COLLATERAL BANK. 15 .
Grant ave., r.ear Market rt. !
: ACEMS WASTED.
V~A^T>Xx and cnmrnisylon: no experience. Be- j
"tv.een 1 Bad I ;¦ m-. U32 -larket St.. room 1. 1
TO haticl.» Robhuon'i Thermal Rath Cab'.r.et.
Pa -.:ic Apt-r.ts Supply Co.. 1230 Treat ave.
>GIINTS — Lady r,r s> rl'.emen: \Ag commissions. !
Pi:;"<F. HAI'SyiXIl'? Photo Studio. 141* Mkt.
AM'WALilM HOOFING.
J PELTIER. as;,halt roofla^ «_**»__•; cellar ;
C - rr laid, rewired; posial. 11S8 Mission st.
ASTKOLOr.Y.
I-R. C. T. TAYLOR, scientific aetrolojrer: call
for fr** copy "The New Moon." 765 Market.
y)IE. HICKEY- -A-tr Olcciat; horof^opes, i^c:
ctrd reading _»•! pa'.rr.iytrj-. 2*c. 1!<I3 Million.
AITORXEVS AT LAW.
R.'W. KINO, attorney at law. S^7 Market rt..
rocsn C21— E>tst«_, da.m_ses. attachment*.
l*nfcruptcy oolleetfony; all fQj^ti: fair fees;
aj aiisnce c^lar3**; money lr.ar.e. on est—teF.
ADVICE frve; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without succ***; collections. G. w.
HOWE, atty at law. (SI i_rket. cor. Stockton.
1 Kr>W. JARRETT. He«rst bldg.. Third axid
ilfcrket sib.; phone Rrd t.262.
FP.EE advice; divorce lawa. da.:r_-ps, estates,
collection*. J. A. _I;tehtll. 214 Montgomery^
ADVICE froe; no ch-rpe unless euceessful. W.
\V Da\ H .<lRon. SI" Market «.. orp. Mason.
L ?. CLARK. Ernrr.a Ppjeckels bid?.. f27 Uw,
ket !*t.; c r.yuitatlnn fre g ; no fees In advance
BATH C-JiUTBTS.
RORINP^N n. 4-panel folding: door oi>«n*: firm
end safe. W. 6. BROWN, gen. a»rt.. <:« Eiii«.
ItOAItDINU FOR ClIILDBBX.
LAPT would like a ch.ild to board In good
home. SI Pout- J'srk.
Ill SI NESS CIXA5CES.
PARTNER wactel, restaurant In Vallejo; fine
business; 40 steady t>o_rrJtr8; pood transient ;
term?. IZ'.'t cash, ea^y inetallmer.ti" of $200;
Investigation solicited; cr owner will sell the
whole; a Fjilenai-l chance. Call R. G. WILKE,
CCH Kfaray t-t.
Jl— JIOOO; RESTAUKANT clo?e to ' helan build-
ing: v.-lll ecll half or whole; rt-oe cleariivr
taxi per month. Call R. _. "IILKE, Xht
Kearnj- st. 1
A— M50— CORNER caloon :n wholesale dlBtrict;
rent toO; £oo_ paying business. J
A $1500 -aloon in wholesale and *nanufactur-
ing district; doing an Al vayln* l>J.-siaesB; mer-
cantile lunch; a splendid offer. * Ca.ll R. G.
VILKE, 'i-V-.t Kearr.y tt.
LADY or srentlemaxi with business ability to
buy interest In mediri_<- b-flnes*; exi-ertence
not necessary. Cal! J_ G. WILKE, 26^
Kearry et. ,
ATTENTION. RESTAURANT MEN!
A— ST.S'Jf' ; cafe w:th long le_ne, close to Mar-
ket ajid Powell ct*. ; burrounded by theaters,
and doing - rush!_s liinini — ; customers -nd
pric** first-class; private dining rooms, with
ladles' entrances; cickr.eee compels owner to
leave the city. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
16H Kearny el.
A— S300; BVTC11EH shor, with hrr-e and cart.
5n b*>Et location of Western Addition: place
established for years mi doing« a first-class
business; a rplenilSd chance fj>r any man.
Call R. G. W1LKK. :C'» Kearnr fit.
JL— S400; BUTCHER sJr>r on Valencia St.:
monthly receipts abou^ J1200: s*1!lng 4 cattle
per week; lr>w rer.t; c»d business. Call R.
G. WILKE. 1SH Kear;.y et.
A— COAL. woo^. hay a.nd irrain; fine paying
busin«-B»; good corner; cheap rent; 3 horses;
3 wagons; haraewM, etc.; everything first-
c_es; miiEt sell; make ofTer. I^ane. 8C5 Mrkt.
tZOfr-PARTNETR tn oW-»»tJiblith»_ office busl-
hc-m, clearing $75 to j: r 0 a month to each; no
experience required. LANE, S65 Market »t.
*25'>— RESTAURANT In a fine location: food
bus.; ereat barpaln. L<ine & Co.. 860 Market.
FOR SALE— Half Inter- st In bu»-:her business
In eoofl tows; iotrt a bCMtnesi of $1000 a week;
little capital required ;«l«rlngr clew to "Western
Meat Co.. get* fcupr.Iies daly; personal
r«aeone for te-lilriK. Address F. O. box 228.
Palo Alto, Cal.
6AK FRANCTECO Collfee of M7_wifery— Term
will cj>en at an early day. Thr.se wishing to
t_ke the course will eipply at o'-ice to L>R S
AM_RICA X. _?« Mi5sion »t. {
GOOD chance for somebody with some capital
In a health re&ort; mineral spring. Address
box 41G1. Call offlce.
FOR EALE — A bargain : fine saloon and grill;
good location: eatisftctory reasons for sell-
' Ing. Particulars 212 Sacramento st.
WANTED- To lease or manage on share*, a
newspaper route; city or Oakland. Box 473s.
Call office.
BARGAIN— Photograph g-allerj'; view negu-
tlves, camera outfit? raounts. lenses. 10]
Eddy st., room 11.
PARTNER in nifp. bu (ness: e»t. 1S76; capital
required t^OfiO to t50C«0.^O. M., box 22, Call.
FOR eale— 5 mining clKims, or sine and mill;
plenty wood end wattr; Bhasia County, w.
H., 412 Commercial ***
WANTED— Man with s1»me read" cash to loan
or es partner in manufacture cf f)rct-cla«* au-
tomobile. Box 2CCS. Call ofP.ce.
12000— HALF interest In old-esfU>llsbe_ busl-
n«ss. Box 3GS3. Call. _^
AN old established jewelry etore for sale cheat
on account of Illness. Box J6C*. Call offlce.
A— RESTAURANT at 1M Fifth »t.. doing goo<:
business; the ca.use of sale »ickn*_s; gow.
chanc* for man and wife.
A PROFITABLE manufacturing buelnees foi
tale; email capital required. Call at 116 Sec-
ond «t.. third noor. rm. 1. and Investigate.
J4-ROOM house: newly furnished; always full;
4_», UA-. 7ifi How aro tu
BISIXESS CHANCES COXTIXITBD.
r_KARE chanco; coffee and tea route; clears
$125 month. COWING & CO.. T19 Market st.
A-17000: CLEAR city property to exchange for
merchandise. CO.\\ INQ&^CO.. 719 Market.
A— LIVERY (-and boarding stable; park loca-
tion: good chance. Cowing & Co.. .19 Market.
A- BUTCHER shop; tlrst-class location: good
prices: bareain. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
A~ PLUMBING fhop; fine location: snap for
good man. COWING & CO.. 719 Market Bt.
A CORNER grocery and bar; big stock; all
frv*h i:>»>ds; sickness. Cowing & Co., __^_^__
A— RESTAURANT in best part of city; must
be sold this day. COWING. 719 Market ft.
A— HOTEL: _**t location: money maker: call
at once. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
jT— CORNER saloon; s<x>d location: this Is a
bargain. COWING & CO., 719 Market Bt.
A— ROOMING house; north Market: fine loca-
t;< !i: clears $75 month. COWING, 719 Market.
A^GROOERY store; fine location; receipts H50
day; ix.silive bargain. Cowlng&^Co^Jl^Mkt^
X FINE wholesale and retail fruit business;
ba rgal n. COWING & CO.. 719 Market et.
FOR ¦'ale — Half or whole interest In a good
money-maker; would prefer to Jk-M half in-
terest: must ftfll; some cash and balance can
be pahi out of the profits; $1500 worth ot stock
en han.l- p.Md for la<ly or gentleman: will j
Btand lnvcStieation. F. I. CO., -IS Market j
rt., room *<i. I
FOR ule-^Oood-P-yins restaurant with living !
room: suitable for couple; no agents; trial
riven. 619 Sarraraento St.
VALUABLE Canadian patent; iron; business
for life; absolute control; fortune to buyers.
Pox M44, Call offlce.
U SO— SALOON with 3 living rooms; cause of
pale, other business. Ari^ly at saloon. 154
Fifth St.
BLOCKTl>f American Oil Cor.:pany stock for
tale or exchange; cheap; make an offer.
FOWLER & CO., 1413 Call bullJlng.
$45ft_-CORNER grocery and bar: well situated;
living roorap. Inquire 1363 Folsom st.
WANTED— 1600 or $1200 on paper route; worth
V'000; will pay 8 or 9 per cent. Box 361S. Call.
GOOD business chance: day saloon; rent cheap.
O. W. GRAMS. 200 Clay: wholesale district.
FOR rent— Blacksmith shop, and also wishes
to sell the tools. 1U.4 Vallejo s>t.
BAKKKS-Bakery for sale; bargain. NW. cor-
ner Twenty- fourth and Guerrero^sts^
A SNAP Coffee and chop house; rheumatism
compels sale at once. 23? Eighth »t.
FOB sale— Grocery and bar doing a good busi-
ness. C&V. cr address 31 Cedar ave.: no agenta.
FOR sa>. below cost, the Burgress Planing
M'.il; eafcy terms. 5«5 Urannan st.
FOH SALE— Grocery and b_kery; corner store;
re:it $1R. 651 Nntorca st. _^_
CL\^SIF1E1> advertisements and subscriptions I
received at Call branch office. 2300 Fillmore st. I
A BRANCH office fur Call advertisements and j
Kubscrii'tior.s has been established at ICL'6 I
Valencia st. j
M>DGIKG-_OUS__ FOR SALE.
Co TiOOMS, corner, $40-00 ; 50 rooms J4000 |
J-6 rooms, corner, new furniture 6000 j
€5 rooms; ai-artment house 3SW j
4^-room hotel In the Mission $2100 .
22 rooms EUi? St.. r.ar Hyle; bargain.
:0 rooms; Kills et. ; bargain 550
4 rooms OTarrrll st */>
12 rooms. Geary st 300
win loan you money at 1H to buy a house.
DAVIS & RIVES, room 6i>. S16 _qrk»t et.
11 ROOMS: rent $27; Income 175 J-liJ
15 rooms: 1 floor; oak furniture; full &j0
IS rooms; centra!; clears $8T> month 601
30 room ?; apartments; paying; -no work.. 1CW
00 rooms: olean; new; clears *l*>0 month.. 3000
SO rooms; r<ent $100; income $229 month... 1700
2(» more I'lease call. MONKY TO LOAN.
M. GRIKFIN. 719 Market St.. roorT » 1.
&-ROOM flat: central; no reas'ble offer refused, j
1 in rooms: Turk ft.; must fell to-day $500
12 rooms; veiy convenient; to-iluy only 2fO |
IS rooms: OTar-rell st; only «50 •
3° 43 &''. f-4 9S rooms. We have several select j
boardi-isr-houses for sale cheap. Call and get ;
a list. HAYES & WILSON, 838 Market st.
(The Elite). I
: 24 ROOMS; best paying bocsa north of Market.
I Zf) rooms; srood transient houee.
IS rooms: rent J3">; price only JiOO
¦ S3 rooms; coratr; a bargain. j
' €8 rooms; a bargain $40«0 j
EMERY, 3 Eddy St.: phone Mint l'JIS-
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, attention— Houses 1
at reduced prices; g-enulne bargains, slzt-s j
: and location to suit ; money loaned. I
i SCHWEINHAim & CO., S17 Market St.. bet. I
Filth and Sixth, phone 1911. |
; >— 22-ROOM rooming house; central $1000 !
20-roorn house; nret class -¦- 1030 :
21-room house: $475: G-room flat... ........ 315 I
2>>-room house: Ecldy; rent $75; only 900 j
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
; A— FURNISHED hous» of 7 rooms for sale; I
I rent of house very cheap; rooms all full. Ap- |
j ply 1S15 Stoc— ton st.
¦ APARTMENT house— IS rm?.. wen furn.; gas ]
I ptovee: water free; always full. 622 G. G. ave. j
NICELY furnished IB-room house; cheap rent;
. n?y t»r— 1>. <t cheap for cash. 742 O'Farrell.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
' ALL klufis of wagons, buggies, carts, harness, !
etc, cheap. KG AN & SON, 2117 Mlsslon^s^
' FOR eale — A fine team -wapon. nearly new.
: Call at 3778 Twenty-fourth «t.
I AN A No, 1 expresB wagon, single, also light
c_rr.p!ng wagon, for eale cheap. fM Mission.
'. NEW * 2d-hand wapons. bu^Kles. carts & har-
ne;s. v.ork & driving horses. 15th &. Valencia.
SI'IRITUALISM.
'; ARRI\ _O — Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
eplrltpal medium; advice In ali affairs of Ufa.
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; cirs.Sun..Wed..Frl.
i ev'fs; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
513 Eddy gt., bet. Hyde and Larkin; no :lgn.
¦ MRS HARRISON, spirit medium: Rltiing-s
daiiy: this week only; 25c. &<>e. Jl; circle "iun-
day "evening; 10c. E5S Mission St. ;
' MRS KOTTER, 34 Sixth St., circle to-day,: 2 &
8 p. in ; 10c; sittings dally; G.. |1; L., 30 j.
I PROF. GKE, medium— Startling tests; ciscles
i every night, 10c; readings. LOu. fl. 148 Cih.
I MME. MAJORS, gifted eplritual medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth Pt.. room 1.
] •CONSULT WATSON." 1M1 Market, nr. 12th:
"professional" palmist and medium; 23c, 50c.
' FRIENDSHIP Hall. 33.". McAllister— ilrs. C. J.
Meyer, eit.dally; convinc'g tests to-night; 10c.
i MRS J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busi-
nw, m>-.1li:m. life reader: slttingr n. TP4 Mkt.
CLAIUVOVASTM.
' MME. PORTEK. wonderful clairvoyant _ card
reader, born with double \'ell & second si^hi,
•lla_-nos*s disease with life reading: ladles
50c, gent tl; palm & clalr. sit, tl 50. 126 Turk.
MME. 3EKSAKD, reads life fluently; a\lviod
given 'in all affairs In life; sattfif action guar-
anteed: 25c up. 17 Third st., next Examiner.
! H'ST returned. MRS. E. L. DAVIS, clairvoy-
1 enl card reader: mental questions answered;
ladles, 2Ec; gents, COc. 34 Sixth st.. room 6.
j ISM-R, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
!¦ palmift. permanently located IMS Market, opp.
I eth; private readir.es dally. 10 a. m. to 6 p. in.
1 MRS. K SANDERS. 514 Taylor St., near Oeary
—Clairvoyant palmist and business medium;
ladles' circle Tfcurs.. 2 p. m. ; Frl. 8; dr. 2oc
MME A. CERVANTKS, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller, ffives boat advice in difficult
matters. 19 Fulton ft., near Larkin.
i MME. HANSON, palmistry oard reader; past,
i presert, future, 25c. 14S Sixth st, room 14.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
I sittings daily. tiSXj Jessie st.
MRS. CAMERON, card reader, medium; 25c up.
E23 Mission st. ; don't forget number; rlnp b^ll.
ZEMDAR, rour.E. Rifted clalr., card reader;
names given; 10 to 9. S Fulton St., r. 23-30.
I MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
I ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth: German spoken.
1 I MME. BAKER, card reader and palmist, room
15. third floor, 1423 Mission St.; no sign.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometric, palm-
ist and card reading. 25c. 1241'i Market st.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, la the great palm-
1 1st and c_rd reader: 2F,c. 7 Seventh: no sign.
MRS. E. M. Dl'VAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 425 Golden Gate ave.
I MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1143 Mission.
i MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
ndvire: i.nmi- rlvon: 25e un. 5 Fourth pt_
: CARPET HKAT1.NG AXD CLEAXIXG.
SrXN7>ATf5r~37r'ou1>rTe7o^CuT^
' keta renovated. 25c per pair; carpets cleaned,
' 2c yd.; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106k
WHEN you become dle8_«ted with poor work
Fend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-BeS.t-
Ing Works. ST,»-357 T«-hama St.: tel. South 40.
• CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at Be.
PTTtATTQ N'S. 3 Eighth M.; teL Jessie 944.
: J. E. MITCHELL. Carp*t-Heattn_ and Reno-
* vatlnc Co., HO Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
; STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth Bt. ; tel. South 250.
- ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Suttar sU;
teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
: CONKLIN' S Carpet-BNUlng Works. 333 Golden
Gate avenue; telephone East 124,-
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
palnleosjconsulfn free. Dr. Duncan.415 Sutter.
COLLECTION ¦ OFFICES. .
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
lcss successful. Room 310. 927 Market Bt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$10— COTTAGE S sunny rooms; yard; wat«r.
134 Rose ave. between Gough and Octavla.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELKCTRO-DEXTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket Et, cor 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you oan
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
J3 DO up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, a a. m. to 10 \i. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for beet crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fllllnrs by my won-
derful secret, painless method; -20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell at.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work: teeth without a plate: fillings. 50c;
crowns. *3 £0; plates, full set, *5 00; all work
rainless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 24 Sixth 6t.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1013
Market st.. tet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively aiul absolutely without pain.
I)R LUPLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for *xtractlng when plates are
made; oM plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
LOWEST prices charged for conscientious work
executed by graduate dentUts at Standard
Dental Parlors, r. 64, Murphy bldg., 1238 Mkt.
DR. WALSH. S15X Geary, nr. Larkin— Painless
extraction COc; plates $5 up; tel. Polk llSfi.
LOWEST prlce« In S. V. ; painless axtraotlon,
fOc. New York Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Der.tal Parlor. 286 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teoth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. ZSc
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evening's and Sun-
days, 10C1 Market 8t.. corner Sixth.
fET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O. YOUNO,
1541 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. Bt'ZARD'S dog hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine. 7ic: city visits, $1 SO: all
animals treated: degs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. Creely's C. P. inunge cure and worm pills,
by druggists or at hospital. S10 Golden Gate av.
PRKSSMAKERB AM) SEA.MSTIIESSES
FAIRFIKLD'S- Millinery Academy; call — ex-
amine work; send for circular. 1236 Market.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Poet, overO'Connor&Moffatt.
McDowell r>refcsmnklri_ and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market St.
S. F. Dressmaklnc Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
llnery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
EDUCATIONAL. .
AYRES 1 Buelnefs College, 723 Market Bt. ; day
and evening; Individual instruction, $S p«r
month; life scholarship, $60; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; Just added 25 new
tyi»ewriters; commercial department enlarged
and Is the best in S. F. ; catalojrae free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher. ex:>ert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Poet St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, KngUsh branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc: day
and night pensions; new SO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Pheian building.
AN t-xrtrienced lady vocalist of European ad-
vantages desires to exchange lessons for room
in central location. Address box 3CS5, Call.
SPANISH classes day und evening, 305 Larkin
et, cor. McAllister: 4 lessons a week, $3 a
month: also private.. PROF. F. M. VIZCAINO.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mns. in college not equal to S wks. with me,
J2",. TARR. expert accnt., 220 Parrott bldg.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessens by mail; acknowledged by official re-
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market et
• ENGINEERING, civil, elec.. mining. mech.sur-
I vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day., eve.: e«t. 1S64
VAN DER NA1LLKN SCHOOL. 833 Market.
SPANISH. French. German, singing, piano, $2
mo.; hours, 2-4, 6-8. 1236 Market, rms. 119-117.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typlny, Bookkeep-
j in«r, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
i MR. an 1 MRS. D. MANSFIELD; muslo studio;
! violin. Buitar, mandolin, banjo. 18S6 Ediiv Bt.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'8 DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine St.
FKEXC'H. Spanish, etc. Prof. DeFlllppe'sAcademy
I of Langunge?,3:0Post: estab. 1S71; ablest profs.
CALIFORNIA Business Colle Ee is ngaln en-
larging quarters. Come see us. 30C Larkin st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping. Krammar writing.
etc.. day <r eve. ; S5 mo. 10!4 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
i A— JAPANESE and Chinese eln^loy7nent~con^
trac-trr: *ptab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; Telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employm«nt Office;
beat help furn. Tel. John 2121. 806H Stockton.
FRED WAMAT8, Japanese, Chinese contractor;
emp. office. 544 California; tel. James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds held. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Ko-Jsecleanlr-R Co. —Walters, cooks.
j dl»h washer.; <-st. 1S9'). 1026 Oak: tel. Page 547.
j UNION Japanese-Chinese omp. offlce— Best help
! furn.: domestic aerv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 37fi.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, ChU
man help. 426 Powoll.nr.. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
I CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
; Best hplp. 411H O'Farrell Bt. : tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT \VA XTED — FEMALE^
GERMAN cook and helper want places to-
g-ethor In hotel or boarding-house; city or
country; can do any kind of cooking. 242
I Natoma St., basement.
j A— COMPETENT woman, middle-aged, fln»
American cook and baker; city or country;
moderate v.aeep. 120 Fourth St., room 14.
YOUNG German girl wants a place for house-
work: wages $20.i Call at 4117 Eighteenth st.,
i near Castro.
t __
j WANTED — By young: woman, to do Janitor
I work, chamber work or help In a kitchen.
; Apply 253 Jessie St., east of Fourth.
GIRL v.'anta work In bakery, housework or
second eirl: wagres $20. Call 1356 Dolores St.,
bet. Twenty-seventh and Army.
A COMPETENT woman wishes a situation as
working housekeeper or nurse. 926 Mission st.
A LADY for ceneral housework or housekeeper.
S47 Clementina st.
BY young woman with a small child, as work-
Ing housekeeper; city or country, 3 Seventh.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; pri-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ave.
GOOD laundress wishes work by the day; also
to do housework; city references. Address
box 3673, Call. ¦
LADY stenographer, experienced, who has her
own machine, desires position. Address box
3C>3, Call office.
GERMAN woman wants to do washing and
ironing by the day. $1 10. €21 Ellis St., up-
stairs.
WOMAN to do housework by the day or take
washing home. Address MRS. DAVIS, 21
Falcon eve.
MIDDLE-AGED American lady would like sit-
uation us housekeeper: no objection to coun-
try; references. Address 1630 Tenth ave.. Sun-
set district, city.
MAN and wife want positions to take charge
of pentleman's country place; references it
required. Box JC09, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ktt— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night, Jl 60 to |H
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and bassage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED adveitlsements and subscription!)
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH ottlce for Call advertisements and
eubscriptlons has been established «.t 1096 Va-
lencla »t.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALEL
GENTLEMAN wishes situation; can run inctT
bators and understands care horses, chickens
and cattle; wajres $15. 641 Commercial st.
reference. Barlow.
STRONG, active young man, 18, wants posi-
tion in book or general merchandise stor«
in country- B° x 86?1, Call offlce. ¦
A YOUNG man, strong and willing: to work,
would like a pcaltion In town or country
references; state salary paid. Box 415S. Call.
EXPERIENCED Japanese typesetter wants ¦
position. R. KAWAMURA. 121 HaiRht st.
PRACTICAL ' nurse or ' valet' wants position;
steady and strictly sober. 699 Polk at.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— -M , ALiS.
A WELL educated man wishes position a_
travellng or stationary companion; ppes-jcn
English and French; reference. Box 4159. Call.
YOUNG mtri wishes position as porter und a«-
slstant barkeeper: not afraid of woric aji-
flreKg box 3S50, Call offlce.
MIDDLK-AGED good hotel waiter desires
eteady pceitlon. Address H. KIEHL. New
Atlantic Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave. |
ENGLISHMAN (age 26) of good education and
address, with 10 years' business experience,
seeks responsible position where energy and
tact will be required and lead to promotion;
excellent references and security if required.
Bon. 3671. Call offlc*^
BTENOGRAPHElv-Young man ot experience
desires position In S. F.: reliable; asst. book-
keeper; law offlce preferred: references: BU«-t_
particulars and salary. O. W. McCLOUD.
Stockton.
EXPERIENCED young man from the East.
BOber and industrious, wants position as man
cf all worki 7 years last place: best of rot.;
can toko entire charge g-arden, plumbing, eta.
DANIEL FIBLKORN. 23 Soventh at.
JlC-0,000 TO loon on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, cianoe, guns. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant ave. ,
FIRST-CLASS bread Rnd cake baker wishes
situation. Call box 3634. Call.
SOBER cook wants position In restaurant. Ap-
piy 337 Third at.
GARDENER, German, wishes pltuation; would
: prefer to work In a nursery. Box 3tit>7. Call.
JAPANESE boy wants situation at any kind of
work. Please call at J. Y. M. C. A.. 121
Haight st.
CHINESE boy desires situation as plain cook
1 in private family; waged $3 week. GEE OKP,
£03 tnipont tt.
CHINESE desires situation as cook in private
family: wage* $30 to $35. ONG LIP. 809
Dupont st. _____________________
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branoh office. 2230 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 \ a-
lencla st.
EXPERT OPTICIAXS.
EYKS examined fre«; Fpectacles properly ad-
Juft-ii. N. Manaaf . or»H*t optician. 910 Mkt.
FI X A N C I AL
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
«_!• call or *ddress PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO.. r,04 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
HAYES. 8S7H— A flat. 3 rooms and bath and
yard; rent $3. ____. 1
IF you want to move get printed list flats to W
from BALDWIN ft HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
LOWER flat: S choice sunny rooms; pantry,
storeroom. $11. 2419 Clay St.. near Flllmoro.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions from $1 to $1000. At UNCLE HARRIS 1 .
15 Grant ave.
RERD. 26—3 cozy rooms : rent $10. Apply .1325
Washington St.. near Jones.
SUNNY flat. 6 rooms and bath. 115 Leaven-
worth st.
UPPER fiat of 6 large rooms and bath; $10. 924
Shotwell »t.
«jl— FINE flat, 4 large rooms, bath; gua and
large yard.. 392S Nineteenth St., between San-
chcz an. Noe; key upstairs.
2 NEW elegant flats, 7 rooms, bath and toilet.
Pine, near Taylor.
$7_4.ROOM flats on Victor pt.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 841 Brvant.
FURMTUKE FOH SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. for ?4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Mar-
ket st.; telephone South C37.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st.; tel. Jesate 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission ft., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before gelling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. "45 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkin; tel Polk 691.
furniture A furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
XV. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 737 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
"^cTR^HANsiETrX CO Phone GranTlK"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, country hotel, $20, see party here
10 a. m., fare paid; waitress, railroad hotel,
$20; 6 waitresses, different country hotels, $20
and $25; head waitress, city, $25; waitress,
city, $20; restaurant waitress, $25; 2 chamber-
maids. $17 50, and many others; pantry
woman, institution, $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Seamstress, 75c to $1 25 a day; Italian house-
keeper, $15; 2 cooks, city and country, $30;
cook for section men, seo party here; hou«e-
ulrls, nursegirls, second girls; call and see us
about other situations. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Oeary st.
WANTED— A woman who has had some expe-
rlenco nursing the sick. Address room 313,
Central Bank building:, Oakland.
A — GIRL for general housework; wajtes $25.
Call between 10 a. m. and 2 p. m., 1306 Post.
FIRST-CLASS operators on Slnsrcr machines;
electric power; high wajcen. 231 Powell st.
GOOD hom« for Rlrl 14 years with man and
wife; small wapen. 32SG Sacramento St.
GIRLS to fold paper boxes. 18 Fremont st.
CHAMBERMAID wanted at 321 Ellis St.; Rose-
dale.
GIRL for general housework; easy place; 3
adults; $15; German preferred. 723 McAllister.
WANTED— Saleslady In candy store. 1925 Fill-
morn st.
GIRL or woman wanted to assist in very light
housework; $3. 1428 Howard Bt.
GIRL for general housework. 755 Eddy st.
GIRL or woman to make herself generally use-
ful In small family. 1107 Filbert St.
GIRLS wanted to address envelopes. 40S Ex-
aminer building-; call before noon.
GIRL or woman for light housework; wages
_m L _2427 Sutter st ;
WANTED— A Klrl for light housework. Applj
3QQ3 Sixteenth et., near Mission.
BORROW money on sealskins, silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A GOVERNESS to no to Mexico; state salary
references. Address W. I/5AIZA & CO., 2H
Sansome et.
EXPERIENCED sheepskin and driving glove
makers. F. O. Conklin & Co., 413 Sacramento
OPERATORS on Infants' wear; wages $8 to $10
eleotrlo power. Cala. Underwear Co.,- 1033 Mkt
EXPERIENCED hand for hody Ironer; shor
hours. 251 Jessie St., near Fourth.
LADIES to solicit for novelty corset: salary am
commission. A. L., box 3GS0, Call office.
WANTED— A girl for light housework. Applj
3002 Sixteenth st.. near Mission.
CROCKERY salewoman wanted; must be ex
perif>nced and understand crockery an<
kitchen ware. Inquire for Mr. Hudson, onl;
bet. 8 and 9 a. m. at Sterling Furniture Co
WANTED — Women nnd girls to work on Iruil
1731 Folwom st.,' between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription:
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements ant
subscriptions has been established at IOCS Va
lencla «t.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
a— w>__5rK_>~rrrr7TTTTrrnrrrrrrrrrrrrr^ mrrrrrrr
Farmer and wife, with or without children
$40, see boss at offlce to-day. W. D. EWER t
CO.. CIO Clay tit.
A— WANTED
2 pruners, fruit trees, $26 and board, see bos
at offlce to-day. W. D. EWER & CO., 61
Clay st.
A— WANTED
• Second or third hand baker, country shop
$30 and found and fare paid. XV. D. EWEI
& CO.. 610 Clay st. '
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday
wages $5. 701 Brannan st.
WANTED — A flrst-elass barber for Saturda
and Sunday. Call at 11 Howard st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 715 Davl
Btreet.
GOOD barber wanted; Saturday and Sunday
$6. 1405 Polk st.
WANTED— Coatmaker or general tailor for th
country. J. Baumgarten & Co., 7 Montgomery
COATMAKBR and p«nts and vest maker fo
country. Apply RI3IS8 BROS.. 24 Sutter el
GYMNASIUM Instructor, $50 month & increase
Fisk Teachers' Agency. 120 Parrott bldg.
WANTED— Boy to work In Bhop. Apply Call
fornla Photo Engraving Co., 513 Market si
WANTED— A man to do -light .work. 30 Han
nah Bt., Oakland; B st. station. .
A YOUNG man to drive wagon, etc. KEN
NEDY-RABJOHN Art Co.. 21 Post'tit.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hal
- price. - 662 Mission at., bet. l_t ana 2d nU.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6S4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT— 7 A. M. -^TO-DAY
Carpenter for the mines, $75; single hand
miners
60 laborers, city and country.. $1 75 and $2 day
10 plow teamsters $26 and $30 and found
25 ranch hands butter makers and milkers
Men to dig sweet potatoes $30 and found
Coachmen farmer. and wife, see boss here
Carriage painter blacksmith
Harness maker boy for milk wagon
Lumber pller3, $60 drillers
Chore boys, etc. MURRAY & READY, 634-
636 Clay Bt. ¦
A— SPECIAL
Cook fpr hospital, tenmen $40 and found
Cook for ranch, $30 and found: experienced
man for delicatesrien store $*0 and found
Coatmaker *15 to $20 week
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay 8t.
A— 26 COOKS $?.O. $10, $33, $30 and found
18 waiters $35, $30, $25 and found
12 laundrymen, butchers, porter-.
Markers for laundry.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 6M Clay Bt.
A-C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary at.
R. R. DEPARTMENT.
50 teamsters, R. R. work. Nevada $2 00
BO laborers, R. R. work. Nevada J2 00
4 stone masons, U. R. work. Nevada 53 i,0
Stonemason foreman. R. R. work 54 oO
Free fare Ship dally Free faro
Ranch blacksmith. $45; farmer and wife, $K>:
buttermaker and milker. $30; 8 R. R. section
hands, <1 60 a day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Broiler, country hotel, $M; fry cook, restau-
rant, $45; waiter, country hotel. $30; 2 waiters,
country restaurant, $8 a week; dishwasher
and silverman, $30 and $25.
C. K. HANSEN- & CO.. 104 Gfary St.
A FOREMAN and 17 carpenters, blacksmith. |
20 cabinet makers, 20 bench hands, 3 sticker-
hands, 1 sash and door man at Mechanics
Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny. rm. 9. Non-
union mechanics please register; no offloe. fees.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jesale 152.
WANTED— An experienced delivery clerk with
ffocd references for grocery and liquor house.
Address M, P. O. box, 3S0 Sacramento, Chi.
A BRISK, smart young man, good address,
¦who will undertake management of a well-
established monthly. Eos 4160, Call office.
WANTED— Bootblack to polish ladles' shoes.
Apply Supt. O., Emporium, before 10 a. m.
this morning.
WANTED— Fur nailer; given a steady Job.
PACKERT, 318 Leaven worth St., bet. Eddy
and Kills.
FIRST-CLASS watchmaker; steady position;
city store; state previous employment; ref-
encrs. Box 4109, Call office.
INDUSTRIAL Insurance agent wajited; call
Saturday, 8-9 a. m. W. BARBE, Donohoe
building, rooms 17 and 18. {
"WANTED— A boy In confectionery. 1503 Geary
Btreet.
BOOTBLACK In barber shop. 407 Bush Bt.
"WANTED— A man to work few hours every
mornlrg. Inquire 639 Howard st.
WANTED— A BOber Italian or French restau-
rant cook. Apply at 906 Kearny St.
MEN wanted for the United States Navy— Ma-
chinists, first class, age 21 to 36, pay per
month. $56; machinists, second class, age 21
to 33, pay per month, $40; electricians^ third I
class, ase 21 to 35, pay per month $30; ship-
wrights (carpentfta), age 21 to 35, pay per
month, $25; seamen, age 21 to 35, pay per |
month, $?4; ordinary st-amen, age 18 to 30, 1
pay per month, $19; landsmen, age 18 to 25,
pay per month. $16; apprentices, third class.
ase 15 to 17. pay per month. $9. All candi-
dates for enlistment must pass a physical ex-
amination showing them to be free from dis-
qualifying ailments. Machinists must pass
an examination showing them to be ma-
chinists by trade.- Electricians must pass a
practical examination in electricity, espe-
cially on the handling of electrical machines.
Shipwrights must be carpenters by trade.
Seamen and ordinary eeamen must pass an
examination In seamanship. Landsmen and
appr^nticf-s will be required to pass the phys- 1
leal examination only. The tfrm of enlist- i
ment Is for four years. Should a man re-en-
11st within a period of four months from the
date of honorable discharge he will receive a
bonus of four months' pay and nn addition
to his monthly pay of $1 36 for each re-enllst-
ment. Rations, medicines and mfdlcal at-
| tendance are furnished gratis in addition to
I pay. Privilege of retirement after thirty
I years' service on three-quarters of the pay j
j received at date of retirement. It Is the de- j
sire of the Navy Department to obtain a ;
lar=e number of able-bodied Americans for i
the navy, who will be given every opportunity j
for advancement as soon as they are qualified
for the higher ratings. The early completion j
of a number of fine ships for the navy will
make a large increase in the enlisted force
necessary, and this wjll cause a correspond-
ing largn Increase in the number of petty offi-
cers, who will be advanced from the lower
, ratings. Recruits- who may be accepted will
be assigned to a U. S. war vessel; appren-
tices «o the naval training station, San Fran-
cisco. Cal. Applications should be made at
- the U. 8. Naval Recruiting Rendezvous, cor-
ner ot Market and East streets, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
WANTED—A Place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House. 619 Sacra-
mento !"t., near Montgomery; one of the. few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, weK-
ventllated rooms. A. McCREERY, Prop.
WE want 10 honest. Industrious men to solicit j
In city and country: experience not necessary; I
we teach you the business; good contracts for !
1 BOber men willine to work. White Sewing
I Machine Co.. 300 Post St., cor. Stockton. 1
I MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
1 weeks required; positions guaranteed: special
I Inducements: catalogue and map of city free. I
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay gt.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still 1
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 larffa
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week. ;
WANTED — A young man to help in grocery
and coal yard and drive delivery wagon. -JJS |
' PlTth Bt. ,
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., old, reliable
firm, £06 Market, rm. 40. Ph»lan bldg.: pen- I
elon vouchers executed, !5c: advice free. 1
; WANTED — Tin and sbeetlron workers. Apply
Pacific Sheet Metal Works, ¦ Seventh and
Townsend sts.
2-CHAIR shop doing from $30 to $35 per week;
this is a bargain and must be sold at once.
" Bex 3W7. Cnll office.
" I WANTED— Steady man to take half Interest In '
" I commission business; $150 required. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777H Market st. j
' JlO'i.OCO TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal- I
pklns. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
' GOOD coatmnker wanted on custom coats. 106
Battery et.
' YOUNG man wanted to Jearn the barber trade;
easy terms. 713 Mission st. ;
; GROCERY clerk wanted. IS to 22 years of age.
4 1622 Waller St., cor. Shrader.
" SMART boy for offlce. $16 and board. Apply
own handwriting. Box 36S4. Call offlce.
• NIGHT clerk, lodging-house. 4S East st.
" WANTED — Young finisher for sidewalks;
c eteady work. Address box 2040, Call. Oakland.
• BARBER shop for sale: good chance for mar-
1 ried man. Call 1096 Valencia Bt.
" WANTED — 1C0 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
r 20c. Boston House. S30 Howard st.
- GET your shops half soled T.hlle waiting: 25c
to COc. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
f STOLTZ, barber supplies, removed from 630
Market (basement) to 636 Market st., upstairs.
'. GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
s SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
nil parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
1 MEN nnd women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 741A Howard st.
. PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer, 16
years' practice; Examiner building.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms. 15c to 25c night; 75c to $2 week.
'i WINCHESTER House, 44 Third «t.. near Mar-
" ket; 700 rooma, 2»c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
• CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
' received nt Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
HEMORRHOIDS.
1, PILES — 300 cures business men In San Fran-
< ctseo;-can be seen; no operation; no pain; par-
tlculars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1910. Call.
• HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
Z MUST be sold; a big bargain; almost new mod-
ern" victoria with pair of fine black horses;
stiver mounted harness and coachman's llv-
¦ ery. Apply room 63, 1170 Market St.. corner
Taylor.
•; 40 HORSES for sale: also •wagons, buggies,
; carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
- 827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday
e SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
- 10 HEAD of driving and working horses at
r TOMKINSON'S Stables, 67 Minna St., be-
i. tween. First and Second.
:. FEED Manhattan food; keeps horses, cows,
poultry and dogs healthy. 1253 Folsom St.. S. F.
[* I HOUSES TO LET,
[I A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
\. BUHH, 1224 — Sunny house of 8 rooms and bath;
.rent .$37 50; wate'r free; "yard.
~t .TO LET— 12-room residence, heaters and all
• I . modern . Improvements. 11U_ O'Farrell . atv
HOUSES WANTED.
V.'ANTED— To lease, modern bouse, W e«em
Addition: 10 or 12 rooms. Box 3672, Call office.
LOST ASDFO£S5l_
LOST— Diamond fleur~de lis pin. Liberal re-
ward for the return of It to W. K. \AN-
DERSLICE CO.. 136 gutter at.
LOST— Brown mackintosh raJn coat In ' <>n>h-
eum, Oct. IS. S. Britten. 27 Main St.. reward.
ROLL of plans and specifications (blue J^nts)
near Valencla-st. carhouse. Finder P' ea * e
return same to ALBERT SUTTON. architect.
Safe Deposit building, and set a reward.
LOST-Between Polk et, Golden Gate av».'an<t
Eleventh and Mission sts., a pair of goM
bowed «neet_cles, satin case. Return to 1%
Eleventh st. and receive reward.
LOST— Small gold watch: Initial [ J. V. S. Re-
turn to MRS. P. H. CORDES). Gilroy, and
receive reward,
1 100. 000 TO loan on watches, diamonds. J^er.
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HAKK-3.
15 Grant ave. _^_______
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market-Ladies'
ppeclallstB: 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of caees successfully ; pcsltive cure
euarantted at offlce: ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure,
any one can use It; perfectly harmless; home
for confinement. Send stampa for circular. .
DR. C W. O'DOXNELL, thu world-renowned
ladles' BpsclallHt; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. Moved 1013 Market.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 997 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' specialist;
guaranteed treatment. $5; private home befom
¦ and during confinement; hours, 9 to 5: 10 to 3.
Removed to 8S7 Market «t., cor. Sixth.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' epeclallsts,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5- have treated thousands of cases with
sueceea: 15 years' practice In 8. F.; maternity
home: low fees. 10O7H Market st.. near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WTETH, reliable specialist: » yrs. #
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
office $3: any ailment; consultation free: g_ar-
antted. 942 Po-t St.. bat. Hyde and Larkli-
I?O TOT KEE, Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion cancer, catarrh, etc.; all disease* treat-
ed; send for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento st., corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1055 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist: home in confinement ; safe and re-
liable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
THE well-known DR. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male specialist ; practical physician for 37
years; always successful. 32 Kearny st.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. HIS Market st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS. engln««. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 135-197 Fremont »t.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfit!" on our floor, ready made;
we can «hij> everything In it hour?. J.
NOOKAS, 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
NEW BROOMS— The Golden West Broom Fac-
tory at G2S and 630 Clay 8t., near Kearny. has
Just started: storekeepers can be supplied
with all kinds of brooms at the cheapest
rates: orders by mall attended to.
POTATOES and onions direct from the field
by sack or carload. For prices and samples
communicate with H. J. SHALMOUXT, 1406
Pine St.. San Francisco.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and $a
per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
St.; rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 21G Sr-sar st.
A CO-PENNTWEIGHT case, nolld gr>M. 14- I
karat fine Howard watch for $67: cost orig-
inally SJO. UNCLE HARRIS, 13 Grant are. i
FIN'E suit. $10; drese pants. $: 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, '-drill
air compressors. JARDIXE'S, 220 Fremont st.
15 H. P. engine and boiler; good as new;
cheap. 316 Railroad ave.. South S. F.
THOROUGHBRED English pugs for sale
cheap. MRS. ARMSTRONG, 2S2^ Xatoma st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission et.
WILL rent full dress Tirxedo or Prince Albert
eults for $2 50. Portland Loan Offlce, 25 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and —rood
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke, 133 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand: moving
Pictures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
10- TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California St.
2D-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
fits bought. soM, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFK. T*>-111 Market ft., fan Fran.
M1SCELLAXEOUS WAXTS.
A— CLOTHING, sealskins. Jewelry, etc.. bought:
will call. L. Bros.. 25 Stktn: phone Black 1201.
WANTED— Horse to drive double, about 1000
pounds, for delivery wagon. 115 Oak st.
WANTEP-Uprlght Diano for cash. H. L.
WHJTEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
i LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
; Eold. SUverman, 934 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN fctlll pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 103 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 141.
i J1O.VEV TO LOAX.
! ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; se« us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
I quickly. Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interests in Estates
Undivided Interests in Real Eatate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. S.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per c«nt; first.
eecond mortgages, estr.tes In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16, first floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN."
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S-16 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch VJ Third st.
A— $300.0W ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
HOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds"
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth'-
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.'
AT 126 Kearny st.. room 9. respectable, prlvato
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential
BONELLI. 301 Jones st., corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to build with-
small monthly payments. HOME BUILDING
COMPANY. 222 Sansome St.. room 2 *' " u
PRIVATE party on furniture and pianos- 3 t*-
cent; no removal; no commla'n. 6 Eddy, r. 81.
TO salaried people without security; all butt-
ness confidential. Tousiey Co., 321 Parrott bl^.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party"
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1.
M £ N T E , Y Ioane d salaried people withoutsecurttv"
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confU
dentlal; on diamonds, etc.' 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. too Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no comT
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral or 1- 1
dorter. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan biff.
MUSICAL^IXSTUUMEXTS.
ABSOLUTELY the oldesT~anT"la7g^sT~hou «>
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. ,'4.
28 and 30 O'Farrell »t_; pianos, organs ai*i
all other musical Instruments of all grad4*
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to- please and satisfy U»9
customer. ; J
VIOLIN strings; never Wet; best In the worlil
' making and repairing ;of all kinds of muatcwl
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary 4-
A SPECIAL piano sale this week; fine plan*-.
$100. DEWING' S. 12 Flood building. ;
ELEGANT Sohmer upright, good as new. arid
other great bargains. BRUENN. 208 Post s-
ELEGANT 3-pedal upright; must be sold In a
days; leaving city. 324 Golden Gate ave.
FINE 3-pedal upright piano; sacrificed on ac-
oaun- o_ Flt_JB,M t 907 atoAIlUtcr «t.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL purchasers of pianos at Byron Mauzy j
have the privilege of exchanging for one of
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one of ou-
Byron Mauzy Pianos, any time within four
years, full purchase price being allowed. o u .
rent plan has been the best offered to the
public for the past three years. A large slzf>
beautifully finished, full toned piano, with
stool and cover, warranted for five y-ara. for
$r,.V. $6 cash and $6 per month. This is not 1
cheap piano, full value beinn friven for »very
dollar »Dent. BYRON MAUZY. Sole Agent
Sohmer & Co., Byron Maury. Gabler, BpetU
man and Hamilton Pianos. 30*. 3in. 313 Put.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STKIXWAT any time wlth.n
three years anfl full purchase price allow .->. i,
the but makers of e\ery trade to oelrrt from;
beautiful new uprights $6 cash. $« per rcir.-- ;
some gf^xl pianoa for $3. tl an-i $5 per month
SHERMAN CLAY & CO.. BTCCNWAT
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter iti .
San Francisco; corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the iargest exclusive wholesa'.s
and retail piano house west of Chicago.
SPECIAL THIS MONTH.
Bargains In all standard makes from &1
to J285.
A_ents for the Peerless Heine, Hallrtt A
Davis. Boston's oldest and most famous plan t,
also Behr.Bros. and 10 other makes.
Pianos rented; rent allowed on purchase
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
DECKER & SON pianos are first ?ln ..
Agency. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
BUY the best— Decker & Son ptanos, estab-
lish*] in IS."*. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. a<«ii t ,
763 Market sr
WE sell beautiful Arlington pianos for tJOO. nn
easy Installments to suit your ' avenlence.
MAtrVAIS'. TO Market st.
A GOOD piano In good condition $75
A fine Hallett A Davis
Fischer, splendid condition 173
1 Shaw. 2 Curtaz. 3 Sterling, s! ghtty tw«d.
at sacrifice prices; eaay paymtr.-i. BENJ.
CURTAZ & BON. everything 1= t_> m _ Fl3
line, 18 OTan-ell »t. ; Chlckering a? r.cy.
BE In the swim: rent a new plane r t J3 ndp
month. SCOTT-CURT AZ CO.. ZtS Il^y-s 9 t.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage; _r; ¦.-.«?;
lngtallmenta. Wilson's Storage, i7_t Market.
AT KEEFFE'S. S33 Market St.. 4 •l«xaa*
rights at your own price. Shonln-er a.^«icy.
A~BARGAIN: must b« sold; nice 'jpright -'.mo.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next. Hli>. Pank.
H1GH-ORADK pianos: Sterk Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN' * rr, , 2U Post.
OFFICKS AXD STORES TO LET.
EJniA SPRECKELS building. 9r lUrket Jte-
Llght sunny offices, $13 to CO per cvv.th. with
light, heat. Janitor and use ot ih •
LARGE elesant store an-1 haseraent. V30 v-».
lencla St.. ne%- 2l»t. buy'.nes? <-«n;>r.
OIL LAXDS FOR SALE.
M? ACRES— McKlttriek district. Kern County.
I miles from Asphalta station. R-. C54 Four-
teenth St.. Oakland.
MME. NEEROAARD. TOO PoBt; tel. Hyde 2533;
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appolntrn-nt.
II JEROME FCSSELLI, scientific palmist. II
•Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Blac- :.::
PERSONALS.
GENTLEMAN, ayed 33. would like acquaint-
ance of worklr.s-out young lady; a*e no:
! over 80; object, matrimony. Box 3S4.«. Call.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS
made to or«l«r; renovated: honest work sr:ar-
anteed: feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty; fine up-
holatery. HOPIvE BROS.. 318 and 3:0 11th
LATEST improved extension shoe & sanJal tot
the lame -with one limb shorter than the other;
makes feet look alike; semi for circular. V\ M.
McMILLAN. Gen. Agent. Placervllle. Cal.
MME. ADA. wrnderful gifted healer. ll'H M.tr-
ket r 3 4. cures spinal trouble, rheumatism.
blindness, paralysis and ali nervous dlseag ¦•».
STOUT ladles can be reduced by a new and
pleasant method without dieting cr medicine;
satisfaction guaranteed. Hox 4163. Call offlc;.
LEPERER uses and sells Scheffler'a Colorlne.
75c box: he restores hair to natural color at a
reasonable price. 123 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market: 7W rooms:
23c to $1 M per night: %l f> to *> per wee^;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PAINFUL nervous diseases, rheumatism, par-
alysis, liver and kidneys cured without drugs
by DR. J. HERBERT REEVE, 26H Kcamy.
LEDERER'S Quintonica. Hair Tonic: extract
of quinine bark; perfectly harmless; very
beneficial: 3^c bottle.
SUITS to order on installments; Ji:> up-rapl;
$1 a week. LEON LEMO3, 1117 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo is the be3t. ic
pkg. ; hairdressir.B latest styles, only
EORROW on pianos, furniture, tftaratmd*
paintings; sfcrccy. UncI? Harris. 13 Grant av.
SUITS to order from $1j up on easy payments*.
T7ie Richelieu. TOO Market St.. near Geary.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 3i7 Jessie st.
SUITS to order on easy payment"". Art Tailor-
ing Co.. 1S44 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair,
moles: trial free. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter.
OLD grold. silver, diamonds and precious stonet
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market st.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cotfs curling fluid; 25c a bottle; druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color; II; at all druggists
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and sliver bought;
*end postal. COLEMAN'S. 506 Kearny «t-
PHYSICIA.XS AXD SUnGEOSS^
DR. C. C. O'DONNTJLL—Offtce and residence.
ir>21i-i Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.!
A. M? SPECK & CO.
... FOR....
4. ...GOOD IX VEST-TEXTS.... 4
4 4. ...4 4 4 4
I $7300 — 4 brand new flats, very latest; east vt
Van Ness; leased for $70 a month.
....*.. ..GOOD.. ..4....
$15,000— Splendid Investment: Ellis •_, near
Van Ness; all rented for J14S.
4 GOOD 4
$21.000— Offer war ted; businese property; 4
stores and 8 flats: all rented for $203; few block*
from Sixth and Market sts.
....4.. ..GOOD.. ..4....
$C5.000 — Choicest Investment ever offered In
our office tn this amount; 100-foot fr^r.t: e!e— __t
brick and frame Improvements; all rented at
low rent for $i!00O.
....4....GOOD....4. .
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6'" Market st.
MODERN housea built; lowest price* : plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 114. Mission.
J3J0O— EAST terms; new 7-room modern housa.
Fourteenth gt.. between Castro and No*.
MISSION cottage: new: « rooms, bath: lot 3<Vk
100: $3000; terms to suit buyer. K3 Kearny s-
REAL ESTATES— COfXTIO "— FoT _^»|g
A~CHOICE home for sale— 14^ acres with
water right ; located *» of a mil * west of Mer-
ced city limits: one mile from reamery: good
small house and barn; 11 acre*- of alfalfa: 213
bearing fruit trees. 5 years o-d: prtco JZ?*;:
owner wishes to go into other justness Ca.l
or address S. G. NEWMAN, Cal.
ACCURATE pemonal knowledger-earh of th*
3000 ranches on my SALE an-; EXCHANOH
list Mere than all other ajrents In this city.
N. D. 9ICKELS. the land agent. 6 Oeary at.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weeklv r a ;!.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. Tl per %-»¦¦
AUMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR~tavestment or bargains in San jfj?" 0^ 3
real estate call or write to O R. *>F.*KE ?K .
Real Estate and Builder. 14C0 Webster st-.
A lameda.
ALAHEDA HOUSES.
nRST-CLASS furnished house. 7 rooms, hath:
laundry: basement: furnace: electric and g**
lighting; good yard, lawn, shrubbery and
gSod location. J. S. HASLET. 1357 Park st.
ALAMEDA ROOMS A-NU BOARD. £
F7RS^a_A^S^oard~and suite of rooms for
man and wife; private family la Aiameda:
Apply box 4407. Call office.
BERKELEY ADYERTiEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. KSTATE^
Al_TX~PUNTA~~TOACT^Sari Pablo are. »
miles north of Berkeley: $U0 «"> P»'«" acn * ;
lots $60 to $130 each: $3 a month: call f~J
maps. G. W. HAIGHT. 401 California St.. 3.: .
FRUITVALE ADYERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE FURNISHED HOUSES
COTTAGE of S rooms or part of same. Address
MMF.. DAU:,XT. Fnxaeat »v •*. TruUralfc800 Alta 03 300 Ophir. 83
500 Best & Belcher 35 200 Ophir - ; 87
400 Best & Belcher 36 300 Ophir 88
200 Chollar ..24 200 Potosi 22
600 Chollar 23 500 Savage 83
200 C C &Va....l 27H 200 Sierra Nevada. 33
800 Gould & Curry 8X 200 Sliver Hill .... 34
400 Gould &. Curry 81 500 Union Con-.... 27
S00 Mexican 43 C00 Yellow Jacket.. 20
50 Mexican ....... 44
Afternoon Session.
600 Beat & Belcher 37 300 Mexican 44
200 Caledonia 42 400 Ophir 94
200 Chollar 24 400 Ophir 89
200 C C & Va....l 32W 200 Ophir 88
4W C C & Va:...l 27',4 7C0 Savage 33
500 Crown Point... !,¦> 200 Sierra Nevada. J6
200 Gould & Curry 83 490 Sierra Nevada. 35
200 Gould & Curry SO 200 Silver Hill .... 36
300 Hale &,Norcrs 41 2"0 Union Con .... 31
500 Mexican ....... 50 200 Union Con .... SO
400 Mexican 47 300 Union Con .... 2S
200 Mexican 48 600 Yellow Jacket.. 22
600 Mexican ....... 45
Mornins Session.
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
200 Belcher 18 1 600 Mexican ....... 43
600 Best & Belcher 351 400 Ophir ,,.. 87
100 Choi lar 23 300 Overman 10
50 Con Cal & Va.l 30 200 Potosl 22
100 Gould &. Curry 80 100 Savage 33
200 Gould & Curry 81 100 Silver H1U .... 34
200 Gould & Curry 82 100 Union Con .... 28
Afternoon Session.
800 B«st & Belcher 3S 8>Y> Ophir 100
300 Best & Belcher 37 300 Ophir 89
500 Con Cul & Va.l 30 200 Savage So
I0O Crown Point... 15 100 Sierra Nevada. 38
400 Gould & Curry 80 650 Union Con .... 30
700 Mexican 45
Mornins Session.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
100 Yukon 58
60 Yukon 56
Street—
100 Yukon 58
150 San Joaquln Oil and Dev 9 25
600 Independence IS
100 West Shore J 75
City and County of San Francieeo to John F.
Kennedy, lot on SE corner of Pine and Goush
«reeti? S 33:6. E 27, N 3:6, B 27:1%. S 90. E
69:Ui, N 120. VT 123:S; .
Thomas H. and Sarah D. O'Connor to John
March!, lot on S line of Filbert street. 100 E
of Webster. E 37:6 by S 125: 110.
August I>. and Christine B. Roth to Julius
Senary lot en W line of Buchanan street. 60
S of O''Farrell, S 25 by W 100; $10.
Excelsior Loan Association to John Baader,
lot on W line of Broderlck street, 100 N of
Grcve, X 25 by \Y 100; J3950.
Sarah A. Morris to T. B. Draper, lot on B
line of Tremont avenue, 546 S of Frederick, b
100 by E 80; ?10.
Eleanor W. and Frederick L». Stineon to Mar
garet Brodericlc, lot on N line of Clay street,
107:6 "W" of Manle, W 80, N to Presidio View
Homestead, 8E to a point. 8 to point of be
ginning; $1000.
William H. Bryan and Alicia H. Wood
(Brjan) (executors estate Thomas Bryan) to
Thomas P. and Matthew J. Kusslck, lot on
N\V line of Folsom street, 25 S\V of Tenth,
SW 77:6. NW 100, NE 102:6. SE 25. SW 25. SE
75; ?15.000.
Elizabeth S. Lynch to Frances A. Banning-,
lot on W line of Castro street, 137:6 N of
Twentieth. AV 250 by N 27:6; $10.
Cecelia A. Young (single) to George T. John
son, lot on E line of Chattanooca street. 65 X
of Twenty-third, N 25 by E 117:6; »10.
Marcus O. and Annie Johnson to same, same,
quitclaim deed; HO.
George T. Johnson to Robert and Lotti* B.
Withers, tame; 110.
Eznil G. and Mary A. Klure to R. R. Imj>ey,
lot on E line of Church street. 7*:6 N of Twen
ty-third, N 24:10 by E 70; tlO.
William Slnon to Benjamin Healey, lot on E
line of Hyde street, 87:6 S of Union, being SE
corner of Hyde street and Vernon place, S 50
by E 112:6, quitclaim deed; $10.
Welle. Farso & Co., Homer 8. and Mittle B.
King: to Emma F. Berry (wife of O. S.), lot
on AV line of Sixth avenue, 120 S of California
Btreet. 6 20 by AV 120; $10.
Albion P. and KatherlnQ Drew to Edward
H. Algreltlnger, lot on E lino of Forty-fourth
avenue. 100 S of L street. S 23 by E 120; $10.
Olive Verkouteren to Marie Fedde, lots 22,
25 to 27. block 625, Haley purchase AV of and
adjoining Hudson Tract CO chains; $10.
Mary McClellan (Mahoney) and John Mc-
Clellan to Joseph Eberhardt, lot on SE line of
London street. 175 NE of Brazil, KB 60 by
BE 100, lot 3, block 13, Excelsl-^r Homestead'
$400.
Thomas McCarthy to Catherine Williams
(wife of William AV.), lot 3, block 103. Uni
versity Homestead; $100.
Amelia L. Lezynsky to Oliva Verkouteren
lot on S line of Henry street. 55 W of AV11
llams, AV 26 by 8 100, lot 7, block 29, Railroad
Avenue Homestead; $10.
Olive Verkouteren to John Bauman, lot on
SAV corner of Felton (Henry) and Somerset
(Williams) streets. W 81 by k 100? lotT 7 S
9. block 29. Railroad Avenue Homestead; $10
Edward A. and Annie C. Ba«ot to Irving C.
XW to lot 82. XE to banning' lot 82 and N
portion lot W. Preclta Valley, reserving por
tion sold to city and county of San Fra^cl^;
Alnmeda County.
Georsre E. Starr (as executor estate of Eliza
beth J. Starr) to Paul Jones, all Interest in
lot on B corner of East Ninth street and Fif h
fJnTI'm^? M by SE lV> - block 9 - C1In "£ Oak-
Thomas and Elizabeth Qilsenan to Nicholas
BeSy-Vo! 1 ' bl ° Ck C> CrySUl 8 »*"«"
The Protestant Episcopal Church in the dio
cese of California, and the Trotestant Eniscn
pal Mission of St. Matthew In Lorin to Anna
Grimmelman (wife of F.) Sophie Schmidt (wife
of John G.), and Anna E. Simon (wife of An
ton), lot on S lino of Alcatraz avenue 100 AV
of Calais street, AV 60. S 12S.M E 50 N 12S79
ley^ e $1oo nlnr ' bl0Ck A ' Pajadl8e Paf V Berkel
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Kmma Rust, lot 42 in plat 88, Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland Township; $31.
Alexander, Robert, May and Leila Hamilton
to Mary A. Hamilton (widow), al intern °"
lot^W and adjoinln* half of lot 20 of p^at zC
x**^ « Hamilton (widow) to Alexander,
Robert, May and Leila Hamilton, all Interest
In same; $1.
Jacob Kobetlsh to Martha M. Oox lot on E
line of West street, E4.T5 N of Thirty-teventh
tVS^&k 1 $ss b - lill
John AV. and Fannie M. Butler to California
Guarantee Investment Company, lot on E lino
of Poplar street. 200 8 of Thirtieth, E 115 by B
37:6, being the N 37:6 feet of lot 4, block 663 on
Map of Peralta Homestead. Oakland- $10 '
Sylvia A. Hart to Beatrice Graham lot 14
Township - M *10 ° f thB Warner Tract - BrooklyA
H \, E i-^ nd .^ at . hertn *,F arwood t0 Henrietta
M. McKee, lot 6. on Map of Peralta-avenuo
Tract, Brooklyn Townphlp; $20.
Oakland Bank of 'Savings to H. G. Rocker
lot on W line of Linden street, 61 s'of Eigh
teenth, S 75 by W 122, block 5S6, as per Board
man's Map, Oakland: $3171.
Milton Van H. and Mary A. Cooley to Sin
Francisco Pavings Union. 5E6 d. 77 lot on S
corner of East Eleventh street ana Tenth ave
nue, SE 100 by SW 150. block 18. Clinton, deed
In surrender. East Oakland; grant.
Marie, George. Louise, Elmlre, Norma Euge
nie and Alice Hlllerass to William F Hille
gass. re-record 3S2 d. 165. 1.54 acres, beginning
at a point on S line of lands of State Univer
sity, distant SW 332 from AV Una of College
street, thence SE 243 to center of Sylvan way
thence W,- ¦ curving to the left, with 866 fee*
radius, 141.80, thence on a tangrent SAV 1S9 50*
NW 230, NE to beginning, being portion of plat
71, Ro. A r . and D. Peralta, Berkeley; $5.
San Francisco Savings Union to The Protest
and Episcopal Church In the Diocese of Cali
fornia, lot 3. block 11, on Amended Map Central
Park, Alcatraz and Newbury stations Berke
ley; $10.
J. E. Nutting to Harriet B. Nutting, lot on
E line of Sherman street, 274 N of Berkeley
way. N 60 by E 134.66, lot 22, Twitchell Tract.
Berkeley: *lft. •
Hans C. Pagh to Paul J, and Martha E.
Pagh. lot on N line of Addison street, 140 W
from center line of Sherman street, W 40 by
N 133, portion Hardy Tract, Berkeley,. qult-lalm
deed; $5. ¦
J. C. and Mary B. McMulIen to Elizabeth
Oliphant. lots 78 and 80, block 4, map of Grove
etreet Line Tract, Berkeley; $10.
State Savings Bank to J. C. McMulIen. lot SO,
block 4, same, Berkeley: $10.
, Alice and W. F. Hlllegass and Eugenie E.
and J. Henry Meyer to Marie Hillegass. 1.49
acres on NW corner of Bancroft way and Col
lege avenue, W 230, N 268.53. E 252.70, S 269:6
to beginning, portion plat 70, Rancho V. and D.
Peralta, Berkeley; $10.
Marie, William F., Georsre. . Louise, i Elmlre,
Norma and . Alice Hlllegass to Eucenle E.
Meyer (wife of J. II.). 1.54 acres on SW corner
of College street and lands of State University
of California,, thence SE. 827.76 feet to center
line of Sylvlan ¦ way, thence W curving to the
left with a radius of S66 feet 211.' thence NW.
243, NE 332 to beginning, portion plat 71, Ran
cho V. and D, Peralta, Berkeley; JL
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Continued from Page Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Increase of Wheat Acreage.
. SYDNEY, N. S. W., Oct. 19.— The Gov
ernment estimates the, area of wheat In
New South Wales at 1,910,939 acres, an in
crease of 69,560 acres. Of this acreage
1.605.893 is 'intended for threshing, being
179,727 acres in excess of 1899. The total
area of the colony in cultivation is
2,525.498 acres.
Prefer Doing This to Paying License
Imposed for Retaining Them,
but Ask Compensation.
PAGO- PAGO, Samoa, Oct. 19.— As aresult
of an order Issued by the commandant
under the "Arms Ordinance" the native
Governors have sent in full returns from
all arms and ammunitions held by Sa
moans and foreigners in the respective
districts under their charge. There are
over 400 guns of all sorts throughout the
station, most of which are on the island
of Manua.
Most of the natives are turning their
guns into the Government rather than
pay the license for the privilege of pos
sessing the guns. They ask for com
pensation for them.
Governor B. F. Tilley has been on a
trip to the District of Manua and has vis
ited all the towns in that district with
Tuimanua. the native Governor of the
district. Tuimanua is styled by the na
tives King of Manua. This is his old title
and the Government has not interfered
with it in his relationship with his people.
Lord Curzon Estimates That • One-
Quarter of the Population of
India Was Affected.
SIMLA. Oct: 19.— The Viceroy, Lord
Curzon of Keddleston, in a speech before
the ¦Council to-day said the famine had
effected a quarter of the population of
India and that even now 2,000,000 people
were receiving relief. He expressed the
hope, however, that in a month these
would return to their homes.
His Lordship further said that half a
million deaths were traceable to the fam
ine and that the loss of the crops involved
the loss of fifty million sterling, plus
some millions for loss of cattle. It -would
never be known how many were affected
by the calamity among the hill peoples
and wandering tribes, while the alms dis
tributed were unprecedented. At the end
of August 854 lakhs of rupees had been
expended and the Government further ex
pected to expend 150 lakhs up to March
next. Besides this, 233 lakhs of land taxes
had been advanced to cultivators, many
lakhs of land taxes had been remitted,
three and a half crores had been lent
to the native states and nearly a million
sterling had been contributed by private
charity.
The Viceroy complimented the relief
committees, alluded to many instances of
native chivalry and devotion and to Eng
lish military and civil servants staying at
their posts, and said the common crop
was worth 13,000,000 sterling on the
ground.
NATIVES OF. SAMOA
• STTKRENDEIIING ARMS
EXTENT OF RELIEF
TO FAMINE STJFFEBEBS
Three Mysterious Deaths.
HONOLULU. Oct. 12.— The attention of
the local authorities has been called to
three rather peculiar deaths which oc
curred at Kailua, Hawaii, on the 9th.
Kaeo, a native, and William Burgers and
wife were the victims. The trio attended
a reception given by Prince David Kawa
nanakoa, the Democratic nominee for
Congress, on the 5th. They drank freely
and continued their libations for four
days, after obtainftig some gin from a
native dealer. All three expired within a
few hours of, each other.
ARRIVED.
Friday, October 19.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen, 10 hours from Bowens
Landing.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
GRAND HOTEL.
J N Gregg, Red Bluff
E Erhardt, NY
O C Flnnle, Ottawa
A MacDonald. Keswck
A L milon. Sacto
A A McCulloch. Cal
J T Figueroa, S Quent
W H Atkinson, Napa
A H Johnson, Cal
W Hammer. Cal
J S Reardon. Ls Ang
L E Doan, Bakersfleld
W B Ott, Bakertsfleld
W F Parker, La Ang
C Rosencrance, Hanfd
F B Meyers, Clnn
A P Stockwell & w.
Aberdeen
F Flint, Cal
A Shives & w, S Jose
E A Shives, S IMego
E H Groenendyke, Cal
L R Macey, Loa Ang
I>r C L Sexton & w.
Lob Angeles
Dr F M Parker, w & d,
Los Angeles
L Hawkins & w, Cal
H L Wheatley. Manila
G A Kellogg. Eureka
F Carroll. Manila
Lt W M Capp, Manila
R Thompson. Cavito
Miss McCudden, ValleJ
B Ferguson, Chicago
M Rlordan, Manila
R C Berkeley, Minn
H Q Nicholas, N Y
E C Sharpe. Cal
H Tlndale, Auckland
Mrs G Chesterfield, Cal
J Hess, Chicago
J W Bowen, Los Ang
Mr Young; & .w. Cal
8 W Kllpatrlck. Cal
W Schaw, Sacto
J H Batcher, Sacto
M A McCord, Sacto
J J Bergln, Los Ang
W H Evans, Arbuckla
P W Wlsmer & w, Cal
R E WIrachlns & y,
Los Angeles
W E Reavis & w, Cal
W H Perry & w, Cal
J T Leftnich, Inglewd
W H Kelso, Ingle-wood
DrWA KellogK & w.
Lo« Angeles
W H Etanton. Cal
T James, Auburn
M M Harris, Los Ang
J W Clark & w, CaJ
L J Marshall. Eureka
A C Huston. Woodland
Santa Cruz .
Mrs R J Elliott & d.
J McCudden, Vallejo
A M Tinker. Wash
Mrs A M Tinker, Wsh
R W Smith, N Y
E W Churchill, Napa
Mrs E W Churchill,
Napa
L Labonde, Newark
J F Jeffrey, N Y
W "W Collins Jr. U SN
H Laub, Los Ang
W 8 Collins. Los Ang
C Mercer. U S V
Mrs C Mercer. U S V
J fle Losada. Paris
C Phillips, Chgo
W Crozler. U B A
M Blum. N Y
C K Benjamin. Pa
Mies McKlnner, Omaha
Miss Livingston, N Y
A J Knowleu, Sydney
Mrs A J Knowles, Syd
ney >
PALACE HOTEL.
Miss Throckmorton,
England
G B Holmes. Jr. Cal
H Gottschalk. Grenobl
R M Cutts, U S N
O H Harrison, Mex
Mrs O II Harrison.
Mexico
W J Wiley, P Alto
C H Bardwell. Seattle
W A Junker. Pel Mont
J S Tobln, Cal
H L Hasans, Chgo
MiFs C E Hasans, Chg
F R Green, N Y
Mrs F R. Green, N T
W Scott, N T
R W Goode. Cal
C W Tuttle, Colusa
J D Griaslum, 8 Joao
A C Harmon, Cal
Mrs Reynolds, Englnd
NEW WESTERN HOTEIj.
J J Cram, Keswlck
A Reddtnp. Keiwlck
C Florin, Boston
J C Collins, Quincy
Mrs M Johnson. Ill
W Purdee, Chicago
T Ruasell. Redding
%V McDowell, Cal
M J Lawrence, Sacto
J Lazonl. Stockton
E O Slocum, Portland
T C Gregory, China
M B Short, China
H D Hammett, China
F J Penfold, Manila
T Sherwood. Manila
J McCall, China
G D Sllva." Sydney
K Stowell, If Zealand
J L Walton, Sydney
P D Kidd, New Zeal
J J Clark. New Zeal
O E Ranthuff. Alaska
A Meyers, Alaska
M V Collmon, Alaska
F D "Willis. St Paul
J Lee, Denver
F Balnester, Denver
W H Orend, D C
I> Darling', Satleoy
C M Green. Satleoy "
E W Dowd, Ventura
J C Henderson, Cal
B C Cook. Groveland
J Perrerdies, Grovelnd
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Almost an Equal .Di vision Between
Those Favoring Bevision and a
Dismissal of the Whole
Subject.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 19.— The vote of
the presbyteries on the question of the
revision of the confession of faith, as thus
far reported, is as follows:
For revision only, 30; declaratory state
ment. 20; supplemental creed, 10; substi
tute creed, 5; dismissal of the whole sub
ject, 33.
There are 232 presbyteries, including
twenty-one in foreign lands, most of
which will not vote in time for the report
of the committee, and there are eight or
ten presbyteries which have only one
meeting in the year, in the spring.
The report will be made by a committee
to the General Assembly which meets in
this city next May, with recommendations
The votes of two-thirds of the presby
teries will be necessary for the assembly
to eend down any overtures on the sub
ject.
The presbyteries voting for revision de
sire as a rule modification of certain ex
pressions, such as "elect infants dying in
Infancy," which they ask to have changed
so as to read "infants dying in infancy
are included in the election of grace."
The majority of these presbyteries ask
that the revision be along the lines of the
reports submitted by the revision com
mittee of 1S92.
Presbyteries which voted for a declara
tory statement desire to have an explana
tion of the disputed points in the confes
sion as adopted in May. 1879, by the
United Presbyterian Cnurch of Scotland,
which, in connection with the question of
the salvation of infants, has adopted the
following:
"In accepting the standards It Is not re
quired to be held that any who die in in
fancy are lost."
The advocates of a supplemental creed
do not desire to do anything with the
confession, but simply to add to the con
fession a brief statement of Calvinistlc
doctrine in simple language.
Result of Ballots Received
So Far From Presby
teries.
OPPOSE REVISION
0F CONFESSION
Carg-o Shifts and Vessel Is on Beam-
Ends for Greater Portion •
of Her Trip to
Honolulu.
* I
, HONOLULU, Oct. 12.— The bark Alden
Besse, Captain C. Potter, arrived here to
day from San Francisco with a general
cargo and eight passengers. The vessel
left San Francisco Sunday, September 23,
and while crossing the bar her decks were
swept by three tremendous seas that
broke in coops and -washed every mov
able article overboard. For the next
forty-eight hours the vessel battled with
a terrible storm and a north-northwest
erly wind.
The foresail and fore gallantaail were
carried away and the main topsail was
split Into ribbons. The cargo shifted and
caused the vessel to list to port so badly
that she was on her beam ends for nearly
all the rest of the trip. Two days did the
bark fight for life, and at last the storm
cleared and she continued to her destina
tion.
When within two days' sail of Honolulu
a strong southerly wind struck the ves
sel and the sea became so rough that the
cargo was shifted a second time, but the
weight was relieved from the port side
and the boat righted herself and came in
with only a six-degree list.
Battles With Furious Gale
for Forty - Eight
< Hours.
ALDEN BESSE'S
STORMY VOYAGE
THE SAN FEANCISOO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1900.
13
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
RAILKOAD TRAVEL.
SOUTH KK.I l*.%«:"| FitTToMTAJIT.
(PACIFIC MTftTCM.)
Train* Icatu nnd i»«e ilur la mrrlv* Ml
MAN ntAHi'MVO,
<3faln Line. Foot »f Mark'*. Street.)
lxatx — From Octosxk 1, 19C0. — akritS
*7:«Oa Bfiilci*. Suisao, E'.mlrv YaonUle,
t Ramsey »o«t aacmnenta •7i*U»
•TiOUa Sbartt Kxprew— LfeTte. Williams (for
Bartlett firings), Willows, Red
Bluff, Portiaud. *?»i3p
•7(30* Martinez. S-m lUmon. Vallejo. Napa,
CalUtogaitml .Santa Rom *0il.1r
•S:o» * DsTia. Woodland. Knighta Landiaf.
Muiaiilla, «>ro»!lle_ •7:IJr
•MiOOa Atlantic Kxpresa — Oj leu and East *12:t-1p
«A:O»4 Silei, Trier. Lathrop, Stockton *9:I3a
¦»iUttA Hsu Jose, Litvrmorv, Mocktou,
lone. S*cr»uiriito, PIacetfill<%
M*ryitllU>. Chio». Uml KlulT M:I.1p
•«iS«* Oakdalr. Chinue, rtoi.ora. Oar ten... •l:l(r
•!>:«!», H«jwai.l». .Niltsand Way swtiuua. *t I :i»*.
*»iUUaLos Aogeie* Eivresa — .Martinez,
Tricj. L»Uirop. Hiorkton, Merced
Fresno iiul Los Angd!es *7il.1r
•!li»l» Vail,,],.. Martli.rz ami tV,ty Sutioo* MiUf
•1 u:Oi.A Tha U*erU>»t LJmited— Ogdan. Den-
»er, Omaluk. Ckics^ • *O:-»-l»
•lli««» Jill.-*, UUickton, Kauramento, M«n-
dote. Frtsoo, Uauford, VUali*.
i'rrtrrtllln # Iil3»
•1 1:00 a Lfrermoro. S»c*w. Goshen J auc-
tion, EUkerafield. Los Aogdes
•i»:OOM Ilaj,,,ir.!». Nil«*a»d Wt; tttaUosu. *3:*.1»
tliOOr »acrniueiit»U!t*r Steamers :.. tS:Oi»«.
*3i»Or }Ujw«rds, Nllrs and Way MUtlon*. 'Hi Mr
*4:!»»r Alaitinez. Han lUmuii. ValUJo,
Nhj-h. UalMrNt*. SauU Itosa *ttil9A
•4. our Bduiciu, Winters. Ha«ram»ntow
WtMHliaiK). KuUbU l.»L.ain«,
MarynTilir, Orulills •lo:«1*
MiSHrJUles, Han Jose aud Stockton *?il3v
•Sj««pTho Owl Llmited-Trwy. Fiesoo.
lUkenllelil. M«iigiis fur hauta Bar-
bara. Los Angelea. MO:I.1a
•»i«Of Stockton ." 'Ui-Ua
•»*«» New Orlrmn* Expraaa— Itakarutivltl.
Mniitn Itarliara, Los Ac(fles. I)em>
fug. El Puo, Ns* Oileaus aud
Kast •7:11*
•6:AAr HaynarOa, Nile* and San Joss »7ilS4
-tihUfir ValleJ,> •IJillr
•UiOOr Oriental Mall— Ogxlen. Cbejenn*.
Omaha, Ctildtfo *12M3r
•O:«*p Oriental Mall— Ogden. ii;nt«r.
Omst>«, Chiewo. Mil.lp
•7«00^ NUey*»»cj. Lathrop. Stockton.... »ia«13r
•::»«riii<in»ad f t!lt..ml,i Kat.reM.Haa-
IKinai.to. M«ry«»il!r. II.. Ill, u .
1-ixtlaiHl. Pugrt Moiu.il ami Rust *S»43»
J^i».-ir Vallrj... Fort CcsU and Waj Mta-
tlons tU.OOj
COAST HI VIMO> (Narroit Uauce).
(Kooti.f M..rket!itre«k.>
••>•»» Se»Mk,(>iiitnIIV.Nuii.l,>iw Frlttin
Boul.lor Urcek.rJaut a Cmz anil W •»
HUtions * ««,at»
|til.1p Naa-ark, Ceutertille, 8*n .lose Nbw
Aluntileii, K -I ton, ItouMer Cfoek,
3ant« Cruz *u>t l'rluoipal Wt;
Stations.. .. \ *i«t(l*%
-¦€:l!»r Newark. Han Joee. Ijos Gatos *Si»*a
al 1 1 13p Hunters" Exeunloo. San Jcs« and
Wsy Stations t7i»O>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
i rrtasin rmscisca— r«; *r a»rkit strt«t (su» i)
•7:15 ' 9:00 11:00a.m. tl:Q3 *203 t>:3l
*i:C3 13:33 *8:C3r.M.
rriaOtlUIO— r»l»r8ruiifa;.— *l:00 8:00 10:00*. h.
I12:C3 *1:C3 t2:03 «3:C3 1 4:C3 »3:03r.ii.
COAST ItlTISIO.I ;ltr,.»,l (.an,-,.
; (ThlrJ iu f» Towngati.l Stw.)
i t^ilOA Ocean View, South Han KraueUcu.. fdid9»
*?iOUa San Jon* am) "7ay HUtions (New
AlmaJer WailiieMlait only) •lilap
'»'»«• Han Joae. Traa Iiuoa. Haut« «r«i»,
I'ariiic tirnn, 1'aso Itohlra. Han
l.uis '>l.i»|..., Mnrf, Ixnupoc aud
rrinci|ial Way .Stationt MtlS)p
•IO:lo, 8an Juse ami Wsy Ststlous •<ii.IT*
*ll:ao« Han .Inieaixl Wa'.SUtluns •5i:iop
t'Jil5irria:i Matoo. Itedwoori. Manlo Park.
Palo Alto, banta Clara, Han .)¦•«».
Tres Plnoa. -Santa dm, Sallnaa.
r Monterey and l'acine »Jru»« tlo.:t«ti
f:i::iOc Hin.Juir *n,l Way Statiuns *7:.tl>p
M:l5p SanJi)sean.irriiicipal WsyHUtlons •»: !».»
t3:«»pS*n Jos«. Los Gatos aud Principal
Way Station* ?»«•»»
•l:ai»r San.lo.ir aii<l Principal Way Stations *A:3.1a
•«iJ»r San Joae and Way Stations t*i«»*
«lll4»P San Jose4iHl Way Htatiuus *T:3i»»
A for MuriiitiK 1'Tw Afternoou.
'Dally. . f Hitnilay azeapted. 1 Suuday only.
a HMturday . >ii'.j.
CALIFORNIA NOitTflWESTEBN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tifcuron Ferry, Foot ot Market St.
SAX FRAXCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. »:Q0. U:0O a. m. : 12:SS.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 t>. m. Saturdays— ELxtra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:00. S:30. 11:CO a. m.'. 1:33, J.30,
5:00. «:20 n. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:45.
3:10, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:83 ard <:33 d. m.
SUXDATS-S:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. ra.: 1:40. J:*0.
t:C3. «:25 r. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Partt
same schedule as above.
Leavo j In Effect. I Arrtra
• San Francisco. [Apr. 15. 19C0. } San Francisco.
Week J Sun- I 1 Sun- I W«elt
Cays. | days. | Destination.! days. 1 Days.
7^ SO am 8:00 sm! JTovato. 10:40 am| •:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma. 6:05 pm|10:25 am,
8:10 pm 5:00 pm' Santa t Rosa. 7:S5 pm| «:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am "Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburs;.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
S:SO pm 3:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm <:S0 pa
7:30 ami I Hopiand I 110:23 am
3:S3 pm| 8:00 am! and Ulciah. | 7:35 pm! «:2O pm
7:20 aca 10:25 am.
8:00 am Gaemevllle. 7:35 pm
a:30rm »:20pni
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am S :40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm 6:10 pm,
7:30 amj 8:00 ami . .10:40 am!10:25 am.
3:30 pm! 5:00 pm! Sevastopol. | 7:33 pml 8:20 pm
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservtlle for Skagis Sorters: at Cloverdale
for the Oeysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Sprlnr*. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Sprlnsrs, Soda Bay. lAkeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ulciah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Spring-*. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. LJerley*s. Bucknell's.
flanhedrln Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. West-
port. 'Usal. Wlllits. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 6C0 Market et.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAJJ.
General Manager*. Gen. Pass. Ajrent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD."
Via Sausallto F«rry.
Commencing September 30, 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:55. »9:15. 11:00 a. m.. «1:4S
3:15. 4:00. 5:13. *<:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and Saa
Hafael. on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— *8:C0. »10:00.. •U:S0 a. m.. 1:1%
1:15. «4:43. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:25. *S:30. 7:43. 9:30 a. ra,,
•12:30. 1:45. »3:3O. 4:30, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIP8 on Mondays. "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:20. •8:00. »10:C0. # 11:45 a. m..
•1:40, "S:!*, 4:15. *5:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. «:43. 7:53. 9:30 a. m..
12:35. 2:V>, S:30. 4:54, 5:20 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:03. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:13. 3:33.
6:00. 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way sta-
tions.
8:(i*> a. m. Sundays — Tomales ami way sta-
tions.
Santa Fe
Trains— Da»y
Leave MarkJt-street Ferry Depot.
Lve. San Francisco.) »:00 a mj*:l<| P «a| »:W p m
Ait. Stockton 1230 p m 7:15 pm 11:06 p ra
" Merced 2:42 p m 1:1? » m
•• Fresno 4:20 pm »:05 a m
- Vlsalla «:00pm «:» » ni
" Tulare «:» D m » W a m
•• Hanford 5:33 pm 7.0« a ra
" Bakersfleld ... »:50 p m 7:10 «. ra
" Denver 10:00 a m — — —
- Kansas Cltr— 5:15 P m
*» Chicago I 7:40 am
» a. m. train ls the Overland Express. Corre-
sponding train arrives at I p. m. dally.
4-10 p m. ls Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives 11:05 a. m. daily.
8 00 p. m. Is Fresno and Bakersfleld Express,
with Slseplng Cars for both cities. Correspcnd-
Ins: train arrives at J a. ra. daily.
OFFICES — 641 Market st. and in Ferry Depot.
5-1". Francisco: MH Broadway. Oakland.
f Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M^Tt^f\ <J -'" »KA«aHf »T. K«aol!sn«l
HfMf^*vn In 1S34 torthetriatmentof Private-
*?LlA SM Diseases, Lost Man hood Ivbilitror
KJfKVQP'A rllHPa.=i«'»*earlneoii bodyand mind and
VS»Ki^iA skln £>'***a«e. 'h* doctorcnreswbpii
2>S?5Krf<»»fl others falL Fry him. Charsr«« Iomt.
r»«SaSa^J Cur*., taarnnirr •- Callorvrrlt»v
or, j. jr. uiamtXt uox 1937, Saa tia3«»-«v
STADLES TO LET.
EARN 12 eta-'ls to let. with lot 70x100. Apply
at 221 Nir.th «t.
BORN.
HANEBROUGH— In this city, October 19, 1900,
to tht wife of O. A. Hansbrough, a son.
LEWIS— In this city October 10, 1900, to the
wife of Arthur B. Lewis, a son.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
eons authorized to have the same published.
E1RTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
WILSON hP.OP.. storage and moving; covered
x-ans. Tenth nn<3 Market; phone South 7C2.
PACIFIC Ftorat* and Furniture Moving Cora-
par.y. 222 j Fillmore «.; phone J;ckson 2S1. ¦
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 page*. In wrari^r. for mailing. $1 per >ear.
STORACE AXD WAREHOUSES.
F.EK1NS Van ani Storage Co.. 722 MiMiotTstT;
tf!. Main JS4C; shipping at cut rates.
ALL kinds bought, sold end repairing jruaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1V1S Mission, r.r. 15th.
BOT.*OHT. enld. rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. US 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth,
SE\VI>"G MACHINES AND SVPPLIES.
John II. Boscus, 29, 1022 Mission street, and
Minnie A. Kosta, 83, 1022 Mission street.
John A. Alexander, 40, 10 Oak Grove avenue,
end Martha Anderson, 33, 394 Frederick street.
Isaac E. Johnson. S3, city, and Harriet E.
Gulnn, 2?, Nevada City.
Lee W. Hawkins, 22. Holllster, and Rose Mc-
Carty, IS, Dixon.
Edmund Murray, 29, J16 Fremont street, and
Bridget Harrington, 21, 313 Folfsom street.
Henry A. Burgas, 21, £31 Turk Btreet, and
Crace W. Painter, 20, Los Angrles.
Peter A. Olsen. 87, 49 South Park, and Ella
Stenros. 29. 4S South Park.
Joao A. Luis. 26, San Mateo, and Izabel L.
I>U>es. 25. San Rafael.
Harris Bishop, 27, city, and Meta Spencer, 28,
Iowa Hill.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
'esterday: o
MAEEIAGE LICENSES.
SLOT^ MACHINES
BOWHT and Mil; new and second-hand; large
display: very cheap. ST. Market, room ZTO.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPE WRITE R&^ We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, M. The Typewriter
Eichariire. r; 6 California; telephone Main 2W.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters- any mak»~
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery «t.
TYPEWRITERS AND SlJl'PLIES.
MARRIED. /
CLARK— DBTTNER-In this city. October 17,
1900, by the R«v. I>r. Buckbee. James William
Clark and Kittle May Dcttner.
FRANZEN— QRUNDEL— In this olty. October
IS. 1&00. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, George J.
Franzen and Delnhlne Grundel.
SULLrVAN— KEANE— In Ban Lcandro. Octo-
ber 8, 1S00. by the Rer. W. G. 0"Mahony
Stephen Leslie Sullivan aad Mae Angela
Keane. both of San Francisco.
TUORP-HOLT-In this city, Octobw 17. 1900
by the Her. J. M. Buehler, Clement B. Thorp
and Florence Holt.
TOTMAN— SHERWOOD— In this city, October
18, IWO, at the residence of the bride's father
by the Rev. W. M. Woodward, I. C. Totman
and Allo Sherwood.
1>1VIPKND Notice— I >lv!dend No. £4 «23c p«r
fhare) cf the Ilutchinscn Sugar Plantation
Com:»i>.ny trill r* p*7ab!« at the effle* of the
company. No. £27 Market fct,, on and after
Saturday. October 20. :<«30. Transfer books
will c!o*« on (SatUlOar. Ootobr 13 1900 at 12
ccJock m.^ K. a. eilELDO^, Secretary,
DIED.
Berwert. John B. Laws, Georsre Q.
Cause, Alice M. Lyons, James B.
Carey. Mary J. McQuillan, William
Chase. James L. Murray, John F,
Ciir.hinr. Charles H. Nyman, Gertrude M.
LVitem^ler, Raymond Hiedel. Charles K.
l'( rn. Marcellus A. Ring:, Richard
Good, Hannah H. Roberts, Shirley M.
DIVIDEND Notice— THvi&r-ni No. 119 fHfty
cents per ahai-e) of the Oceanic Bteamehip
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., on and after Thurs-
day, November 1, 1900. Transfer books close
Friday. October J«, 1S?O. at 3 o'clock p. m.
B. H. SHnLDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND XOTICI2S.
Finest Equipment at Moderato Rates.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
V and J9 Fifth st. Tel. South 187.
I CNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALHERS.
<Saooeaaor to Flannagan A Gallagtu:r>.
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr"
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND BMBALMSR3.
40 Filth et., opposite Lincoln School.
Tcloshon* South 80. .
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby riven that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of £20 I.«k» et., Han Francisco, has
received the fsliowir.ir orphan and half-or-
rhar.s from July 1 to October 1. 1S00: Amelia
A. L. Dienet. 11 years 6 months*: Emma Alice
I".ar.to. * years 4 months; Kmily O'Nell. 4
yetrr S rn-rnths; Henrietta B. Clark, 9 years
" month* : F.dna Corscina. 7 years 4 months;
Irene CorfcUla. Z years; Mary Ellen Morgan.
10 years 4 month*; Lucy Rose Morgan, 8
years t months.
3_>aJj tenant* ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
416 Montgomery *t., rooms 9-10; tel. EoSO.
FXRSTKXJUSS modem family hotel; very sunny
rormr: fine table. 16fM California St.
UOARD *nd rooms at 413 First St., near Har-
rison.
ItOUMS AVD HOARD.
GOOD home for yours lady who work* durlr.*
day; u^e of piano If desired: terms reason-
able. Box ZU?.. Call office.
GENTLEMAN would teach German for room
rer.t. Bos «1C2. C"a'l office.
EIOISCS WANTED.
Va!«-nria rt
A BRANCH offire for Call aflverti*enients and
Fotoscriptloaa has been established at VfjS
r-LAPSIFIEI) ?''vert!semer.ts and subscriptions
received Et '~a!i branch office, 2200 Fillmore Bt.
VAI-EXCIA. 83TC— Sunny furnished room In
private family.
TURK. 116 — Furnished eunny rooms for 1 cr 2
Per.ts, cr rv.an ar.d wife.
STOCKTON, W5— Nice eunr.y furnished suite,
CtdCla and houb«'k«r»-pir.g rooms; reasonable.
SIXTH. 156— Sunny furnished rooms for light
houitkeeping; also ether rooms.
SHERMAN Apartment House. £S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
NOTICE— Taxes due upon assessments made
by tbe State Board of Equalization — Control-
ler's Department. State of California. Sac-
ramento, October 9, 1900. — In accordance with
the provisions of Section 366S of the Political
Cede, notice is hereby ulven that I have re-
ceived from the State Hoard of Equalization
the Record of Assessments of
Railways" and- the "Duplicate Record of Ap-
portionment of Railway Assessments," con-
taining the aFsenmentg upon the property of
each of the following named associations or
corporations, as fixed by said State Board of
Equalization for the year 1900, to-wit:
Central Pacific Railroad Company, South
Pacific Coast Railroad Company, Southern Fa-
clhc Railroad Company. Southern California
Motor Read Company, Carson and Colorado
Railroad Company, California Northwestern
Railway Company (lessees Ean Francisco and
North Pacific Railroad). Santa Fe Pacific Rail-
road Company. San Francisco and San Joaquln
Valley Railway Company. Southern California
Railway Company, North Pacific Coast Rail-
road Company. Pacific Coast Railway Com-
pany, Pajaro Valley Consolidated Rail-
road Company. Nevada County Narrow-
Uauge Railroad Company, Nevada-Callfornla-
Oregon Railway Company, Alameda and San
Joaquln Railroad Company. Sierra Railway
Ccrr-rany of California. Randaburg Railway
Compeny. Gualala River Railroad Company
Sierra Valleys Railway Company, California
and Nevada Railroad Company, San Francisco
and San Mateo (Electric) Railroad Company
and Pullman's Palace Car Company.
The State and rounty taxes on all personal
property, and one-half of the State and county
taxes on all real property are now due and
payable, and . will be delinquent on the last
Monday in November next at 8 o'clock p m
and unless paid to the State Treasurer at the
Capitol, prior thereto. 6 per cent will be rdded
to the amount thereof, and unless so paid on
or before the last Monday In April next, at «
o'clock p. m.. an additional 5 per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of the State and
county taxes on all real property will b« duo
and payable at any time after the first Mon-
day la January next, and will be delinquent
on ths last Monday in April next, at 6 o'clock
p. in., and unleea paid to th« Btate Treasurer.
at the Capitol, prior thereto. S per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
E. . P. COLOAN. Controller.
ROYAL House. Ii6 K!!i« st. — Incan.l! ¦ -nt light;
rTiJ!"S-!" r 'Om, mtu k!r.p-rcom an-1 ! 'lies' par-
lor; rooms, per ni^ht, 3ic to Jl JO; iff Ir. fl to
I'; rr.' r.'.h. $5 to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooBM *\th hot and cold water: baths.
ROSEDALE House, 21S and *I1 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night 5c to Jl. week $1 2~> to J4; open nlcht.
ONE nice Cnmtabed room. tZ per month: also
cheap housek^c-i ing rooms. Apply at IOCS
Market st.. room 3, eeecr.d floor.
O'FAIUIKLL. 20— Punr.y furnished room* and
office; elevator: electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
UJEW ARLINGTON'. IC25 Market et.— Nicely
fumtphcJ rooms. I? a wwk ur>; ZZc a. day up.
UA£ON r.02. corner r*o«t— Sunny furnished
room*. $*; 2 housekeeping rooa:s, ga« ajil
ran?e. t'.S-
I.A? PALM AS. I*:'* Market et.— Suite of 2 or 3
rm?. : private; Kith; Bin. rms.: board optional.
LASKIE, :t. off Mission, bet. Sth ar.d 9th— Nice-
ly fvralEbed room; lew rent.
LAUKIN. TOT. near Ellis— Single front room
viiti. private family: rent tl«: furnished.
HATH?. 7S1— 1 cr 2 nicely furnlehed roorci In
; r;vat<? family.
CKOVE. tU — Nice tuar.y front room; also 2
other rocrr.s; s-jls; tele-phone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
at:d Mission »ts.— Sunny rooms, en euite or
eiBCle; ladies' parlor: n-aglne-room ; elevator.
GE MiY T74 — Large well-£urai?hed sunny suite,
with use of bathroom. In quiet private family.
GEARY, (QSVtfc* Navarre)— Elegantly furnished,
nr.?. : suites or single; traveler* accommodated.
CLIFFORD. ;r>4 Ellis, cor. Mason— Handsomely
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
£CEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
Vk|- "wharf. San "Francisco:
VjRlj>w. For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.,
ijfo&S**! Oct. 23, Nov. 2 Change to
lriir* > Kt$ t t5*Ii company's steamers at F?att!^. I
IfliHmV^ ** or Victoria, Vancouver (U.
FJr!^S3-5«Vi c -)« Port Townsend, Seattle.
EimSc&Bf3i!\\ Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
JJf and New "U'hatcom (Wash. >—
11 a. m.. Oct. 23. 2S, Nov. 2,
and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. X. I!y. ; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Rjr. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Rjr.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., Oct. *>,
25. 30. Nov. 4, and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), .Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angreles) — 11 a. m.,
Oct. 20, 24, 2S, Kov. 1. and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
cofl, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspc). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro,
Kast San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport — 9
a. m.. Oct. 12. 26, 30, Kov. 3, and every fourth i
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Ouaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. ra.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. \
The company reserves the rlgtft to change '
rteamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
WSPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:po :r, t x.,^ IN- id
From Spear-street 'Wharf at 10 A. M.
rjtnr $U'. First CIjss. Including Berth
rMnu $8 Second Class. ond Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Oct. 23, Nov. 4
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails Oct. 20, SO
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Batte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
Ew C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODAlXs PERKINS * CO.,
Superintendents.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at I p. nx.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at I
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and !
connecting; at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing-.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday, November 15. 1900
SS. NIPPON. MARU
Thursday. December 6. 19C0
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. D«cember 23. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freljrht and passage apply at company's office.
42) Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW T0BK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PAKI3.
* Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis Oct.-24!St. LnuU Nov. 14
New York Oct. 31 New York Nov. 21
Bt. Paul Nov. 7iSt. Paul Nov. IS
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
K>mington Oct. UlSouthwark Nov. 14
NoOTuland Oct. 31 Westernland ...Nov. 21
Priesltnd Nov. TlKenslngton Nov. 2g
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
JO Montgomery st. Or any of Its a*ents.
OCEANIC S. S. CO. -HONOLULU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
BS ALAMEDA for Honolulu, Samoa, New,
"Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. October 31. » p. m.
BS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti.
Thursday, November 1. 4 p. m.
E8 'ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
' Wednesday, November 10, 2 p. m.
j. D. SPRECKELS &' BROS. CO., Agts., 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Office, 327 Market St
00MPAONIS GENERAL'S TRAN3ATULNTI)U£.
TMRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^^
Salllni eVery Thursday, instead of <gj&&
Saturday, from November 2. 18DJ. at-aw«*»>
lOaL m.. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton street. LA BRETAGNE. Oct. 23: LA
TOURAINE. Nov. 1; L'AQUITAINB. Nov. 8.
*ir«it class to Havre. ££ and upward. Second
rlasa to Havre, S42 50 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldlne), New
Yoik.' J, F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5~ Montgomery avenu*. San Francisco.
BAY AND BJVEB STEAMERS.
FORuXnA^YARD aiiHfliLIEJO
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m.. 4:15. 8:S0 p. rn. (ex. Thura. ni*ht); Fri-
day*. 1 D. m. and 8:30: Sunday*. 10:SO a. m., i
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 50c
BAILEOAD TBAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAlTiwiLWAY
Leaves San lTranclaeo, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS... .9:15 a. m.; 1:43 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8;00. 10:00, 11:30 and 1:15 rx m.
. Fart, San Francisco to Summit and Return.
II 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offlces, £21 Market at., Sausallto Ferry.
£ UNFURNISHED roorr.i to let. Inquire at
1101 Clay rt.. corner Masnn.
BUSH. i:0 (The Elk>— Changed hands: newly
renovated, nicely fura. funny rm»-. SI 50 to J7
veeU; Sfl to $1 50 night. MKS. P. HAN FT.
The man -who traveled 86,-
000 miles in search of a wife
and has not found her yet! He
is the greatest matrimonial
freak in the world. Do you
know the greatest musical
freak of California? Next Sun-
day's Call will tell you about
both of these remarkable per-
sonages.
BUSH 3C4-Furnished Eunny rooms, suits or
sir.plV, ioc per night up: transient.
EL'RXBTT, 1426 Market <old TCo. 13CD— Fur-
nlehed rms.. •uites, single; also unfurnished.
nOOMS TO LET Fnrn. nnd I'nfnrn.
A^BnUNi^'IClT^House, 14« Sixth— Rocrns 25c
to tl per clirht; Jl 25 to $5 rer week, and light
houeekeeping: open all night.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscrtption* has been established at 1096
Valencia rt.
CLAfSiriED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch efflce. ~M Fillmore st.
Ji— FOt'R unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
no children. 124» Stanyan et., near 17th.
OCTAVIA. 1403. corner Geary — Large sunny
btjr-vfadow. Jl n ; vrith kitchen complete, $13.
MARKET. 1C0S. opp<v?lte Tenth— Large sunny
front alcove suite, furnished, $10; no children."
MARKET, near Firth— 2 rooms, furnished. lold-
tr-ir bed; pas; JU ; part. 342 Kearny st.
JOHXSOX U'xise. 1TSS Folsom St.. southeast
corner ?th — Large eurmy housekeeping room*.
FILLMOHE, 2207, nr. Clay— i nice eunny fur-
nished rooms; bath, piano: housekeeping.
FOLSOM. KM— Sur.ny front bay-window room
and kitchen; modem conveniences; private;
5- week.
ROOMS FOR HOL'SKKEEPING.
ATST-lif ax^e.. 105. off Polk— Large furnished
and unf urnlshed rooms; hous=ck«-eplrig.
HLLIS. Cl-New!y furnished front eulte house-
keeping rooms, ?22 E0; also one room, $10.
OAKLAXD nmSsTCltB FOll SALX2.
AN Introduction to sou from H. Schellhaae. the
lurr.itur*" dealer. 11th and F"T3iiklin. Oak'md.
GOOD houMe. O>t list from OEO. VT. AUS-
TIN & CO.. 100$ Broadway. Oakland.
A HAXreOMr residence of 9 rcoms, bath, car-
pets, bam. lav.n: £!* 21th et., near Grove;
rent low. Inquire li. FHANKE. 1C2 Grov«
rt.. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES XO LET.
LEGAL. ADVERTISEMENTS.
CUSTOM-HOUSE. Collector's Office, San Fran-
cisco. October 20, 1900.— Notice of Sale— Notice
is hereby riven that the following: described
merchandise, seized for violation of the
United States Revenue Laws, will be sold at
public auction to the highest bidder for U.
i>. lawful money, at the entrance to the re-
celvinsr department. New Appraiser's Store*,
on the &th day of November. 1S0O. Sale to
commence at 10 o'clock a. m. of void day:
2 packages dinars, November 1. 1899: 676 ci-
gars, November 10. 1SJ9; 1500 clgara, November
13, 1S89; 600 cigars. November IS, 1B99; 1 pack-
age cigars, November 9. 1S99; 700 Cigars, No-
vember 16. 1S9&: €73 cigars, November 16, 1859;
TOO cigars. November 23. 1S93; 4 bundles rat-
tar, shaving. December 6, 1699; 2 silk shirts
and 1 dozen silk handkerchiefs, December 5,
1M<S: 1 package cigarettes, December 12, 1S99;
6 dozen silk handkerchiefs, December IS, 1S39;
2>; clears. I>eeember 22. 1S98; 650 cigars, De-
cember 28. 1S9»; 150 cigars, December 28, 1899;
1 roll ponpee Bilk. December 26, 1S99; 100 ci-
gars, Lt-cember 26, 1V.»9; 160 cigars, December
26 1S39; 1 package miscellaneous merchandise,
I^cember 20, 1SJ9; 200 cigars. January S, l&OO;
? -¦ cigars. January 3, li*00; 1 package cigars
end cigarettes. January 4, 1400; 1 package
cijrars. December 29, 1SS9; 1 package clears.
January 4, 1909; 1 package clgara, January 4,
1900; 1 parkag- ciears, January 4, 1900; 1 pack.
egs cigars. January 4, 1900; 4 bundles cigar-
ettes. January 4, 1S00; 1 package cigars, Janu-
ary J. 1H»; 2 jiackages cigars, January 5,
lV-.'O; 41 raw hides. January 16, 1900; 1 pack-
ag« cigars, January IS, 19C0; 2 bottles gin,
January 19, 1*X'; 2 packages cigarettes, Janu-
ary 22. l?00; 1 package cigars, January 19,
1900: 1 piirkape cigars, January 19, 1900; 725
ciKars. January 26. 1S0O; 1 case glass lamps,
r^bruarv 5, 1M0: 5 5-tael boxes prepared
opium. February 12. 1VO0; 2022 cigarettes. Feb-
ruary U. YM; 2 packages cigarettes. Febru-
ary 13. l'^OO; 4 cases printed matter, February
2i> 2««D: 3 jars lily bulbs. March 5, 1W0; 950
ciears, March 22. 1900; 10 silk caps. March 23,
l^Hir" 1 package paper napkins, March 31,
WJ; 200 cigars, March 31, 1300; 750 clears,
March 81, 1S00; 20 5-tael boxes prepared
o;iium, April 7. 1900; 1 package cigarettes,
April 6 I'M- 8 5-tael boxes prepared opium.
Arril 12. li-00; 6 5-tat-l boxes prepared opium
and 3"0 cigars. April 12. IDuO: 6:<3 citrars. April
12 IT'00- li) silk caps, April 12. 1S00; 600 cigars,
April IS, 1M0; 1 case tobacco, April 17, 1900;
4 j-taol boxes prepared opium, April 16. 1300;
2 iJickares c!|rars. April 26. 11*00; 150 cigars,
April 27 1900: 1 package bor.ke. April 2S. 1900;
lCt cigars. May £. ISoO: SCO cigars. May 14.
1900; ISO clears May IS. 1X0: 700 clpars. May
IS lSCO 1 silk dressing Jacket, May 25. 1900;
1 Eilk dressing jacket and 6 tea sets. May 25,
laOO: LS cigars. June 5, 1!«X>; 2u0 cigars, June
E. 1«CO; 1 package cigar?, June 5, 1900; 1
r.ackajce cigars June 5. 1900: 1 package cl-
jrars, June 5. IMS; 1 package cigars, June 5.
1WK); 1 package cigars. June 5, 19W; 1 pack-
aii* cigars June 5. WOO; 3T5 cigars. June 7,
WOO: &K) cigars. June 13, 1900; BOO cigars, June
15 1&00- "00 clgarf. June 15. 1&00; 271 cigars
arid 1 piece plma cloth. June 15. 1900: 1 pack-
age cigars. June 13. 15*00: 1 package cigars.
June 13 1900: 1 pexkage cigars, June 13, 1900;
1 package cigars June 13, 1900; 1 package
cigars. June 13. 1&00; I9S cigars. June IS, 1900.;
4 boxes cigars. June IS. 150G; 2330 cigars. June
IS 1&00; 1 piece pima cloth and 2 table covers.
June 13, 1300- 1 box chlnaware, June 19. 1900;
4:.O cigars, June 20, 19C0: 275 clgarp, June 2!,
1900; 1 package cipare, Ji:ne 23, 1SCK); 1 pack-
age cigars. Tune 23, 1900: 1 package cigars,
Jane 23 1&00; 2 cases picklos, June 2«, 1900T
1 package cigars, July 1, U*00; 1 package cl-
care, July 1 19C*>; 1 package cigars. July 1.
1900; 1 package cigars, July 1. 1900;
200 cigars, July 6, 1S00; £90 cigars, July
9, 1000- 75 cigars July 9, 1900: 123 cigars, July
9. 1000: CO cigars. July 12. l'.<00; 1 basket con-
taining 46 5-tael tine opium July 13. 1900: 45
cigars July 1< 1M0: 2« ci«rar». July IS. 191V):
1 box china and 1 basket china, July IS. 1300;
1 silk table cover and 1 album. July 16, 1900;
21? cigars, July 20, 1^00: 100 cigars, July 20,
1900; 1 embroidered table cover and 1 em-
broidered coat cf arms. July 20. 190O; 100 ci-
gars July Ml 1900; 2^' cigars. July 27. 1900;
50 cigars July 20 1900; to cigars, July 20.
U00; E75 cigars* July 30, 1900; 1 package cigars
and cigarettes. July 21, 1900; 1 package cigars,
July 14. JJOO: 100 cigars. July 31, 1900; 200 cl-
ears July 31 19CK>; 1 china tea set. July 31,
ISO*: 125 cigars. July 31. 19<'0; So cigars, Au-
gust 2 1900: 5 5-tael boxes prepared opium,
August 2. 1900: MO cigar?. August 2, 1900; 1
package cigars, August 1, 1900; 1 package
cigars.' August 1. U00; 1 package c'.gars. Au-
gust 1. l&OG: 1 package cigars. August J, 1900;
1 rarkage cigars. Ausrust 1. 1900; 1 package
cigars and cigarettes. August 1. 1900; 32a ci-
gars, August 4, 1900; 350 cigars. August 6,
1900; 24 cigars, August 7, 1900; 100 cigars, Au-
gust IS, 1900; 2 packages cigars, August 19,
19G0: 1 package cigarettes, August 10. 150ft; 1
package cigar*. August 10. 1900; 1 package ci-
grars, August 10. 1900: 1 package cigars. Au-
gu*t l n , 190C; 1 package satin cloth and 1 silk
kimcr.a, August 14. 19W; 700 cigars and 1 tea
pet. Augurt 17. 1HK>: 75 cignrs. August 17,
1«X>: 100 cigars. August IS, 1900; 100 cigars,
August IS, 19C0; ICO cigars. August IS. 1900;
ifK) cigars. August 20. 1900; 50 cigars. August
20, 1900; SO cigars, Augu?t 10, 1800; (0 cigars.
August SO. 1900; 73 cigars, August 20, 19C0;
3:3 cigars. August 20, 1900; 1C-0 clears, August
£0. 190ft; 60 cigars. August 20. 1900; 100 cigars,
Aupi«t 20, 1900; 400 cigars. August 20. 1900;
T2S cigars, August 20. 1900: 2 boxes decorated
china. August 20, 1900; S-V) cipars. August 20,
JKO; 50 cigars, August 22, 1900; 50 cigars, Au-
gust £2, IWXi; 100 cigars, August 22. 1900; 75
cigars. August 22, 1^00; 100 cigars, August 22,
1900; 100 cigars, August 22, 1900; 100 cigars,
August 22. 1900; 100 cigars. August 22. l&OO:
150 cigars, August 22, l»00; JO cigars, August
22, l&fO; 100 cigars. August 22, 1900; 150 cigars,
Aujrust 22, 1900; 100 cigars. Ausruft 22, 1500;
r.C> c!gar». August 22. 1900; 23 cigars. August
22. l&OO; 7B cigars. August 22. 1300: 50 cigars,
August 22. 1900; 100 cigars. August 22. 1900;
1M cigar?. August 22. 1900. STANLEY JACK-
SON, Special Deputy Acting Collector.
C7"Fiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tbe funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of James Hasan. 445 Valencia street. Inter-
ment at Eureka, Humboldt County, Cal.
ROBL— In this city, October 17, 1900, MarRaret
Robl, beloved wife of the late John Robl, and
mother of Frank W., Katie E.. John C. and
Henry J. Robl, a native of Mallow, County
Cork, .Ireland, aged 63 years 6 months and 4
days.
CTTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 807 Filbert street, between Mason and
Taylor, thence to St. Francis Church, where
a high requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 8:45
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
BCHOFIELD— In this city, October 17, 1900
Annie E.. beloved wife of Jacob Schofleld
mother of Robert M. and George Graham
Echofield, and oldeet daughter of Michael
Lyons, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 43
years.
|C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street, near Poet. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
WIGGIN— In this olty. Ootober 18. 1300, Marcus
ipr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), from his late residence, 2100 Green-
wich street, corner of Webster, thenc« to St
Brlgid's Church, corner of Van Ness avenue
ard Broadway, for services at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ROBERTS-In this city. October 8. 1900, Shir-
ley M. Roberts, beloved son of Bert C. and
Bessie B. Roberts, and brother of Chastlna
Roberts, a native of Humboldt County, Cal.,
aged 3 years 1 month and 20 days.
C^TFriends and acquaintances axa respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 3723 Twenty-sixth street, near
Guerrero. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, via electric funeral car.
RING— In this city, Richard, dearly beloved
Bon of Annie and the late Richard Ring, a
native of San Francisco. A member of Gold-
en Gate Camp No. 64, Woodmen of the
World.
ITT 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 6 Elizabeth street, thence to St. James
Church, corner Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets, at 9 o'clock, where a high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NYMAX-In this city. October 19, 1900. Ger-
trude Matilda Nyman. beloved daughter of
Gus and Raka Nyman, a native of San Fran-
cisco, ae»d 4 months.
RIEDEL— In Church Springs, Oakdale, October
IS, 1S00, Charles Erhardt Riedel, dearly be-
loved son of William and Wilhelmlne Rledel,
and brother of Albert Rledel, a native of
Ulm. Wurtemberg, Germany, aged 22 years 10
months and 12 days. A member of Golden
Gate Camp No. 64, Woodmen of the World.
C7The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment private, Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MURRAY— In this city, October 17. 1SC0, John
F., beloved son of Michael and Elizabeth
Murray, and brother of Joseph M. Murray, a
native of San Francisco, aged 29 years 2
months and 28 days.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his mother, 1j17 Jackson street. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
LYONS— In Oakland, October 19, 1900, James
B. Lyons, beloved husband of Ann Lyons,
and father of Thomas F., James B., Mangle,
Annie and Josephine Lyons and "Mrs. Rich-
ard Bennetts, aged "0 years.
McQiriLLAX— In Oakland, October IS. 1900,
William McQuillan, beloved brother of Peter,
Charles and Agnes McQuillan and Mrs. Burt
Lauderback. and stepbrother of Mrs. J. Le
Bley and Mrs. P. J. Smith, a native of San
Francisco, aged 25 years 9 months and 10
days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment Masonlo
Cemetery. ,~-
LAWS— In this city. October 18. WOO, George
G., beloved husband of Elisabeth Laws, son
of Mr§. Rose Laws, and brother of E. C.,
Pearl, Lelah. Josephine. Ruth and Grace
Laws, Mrs. E. Rock. Mrs. F. D. Johnson,
Mrs. E. W. Wainwrlght and Mrs. J. J. Brad-
ley, a native of California, aged 23 years I
months and IS days.
fC7"Interment private. No flowers.
KIRKPATRICK— In this city, October 1?, 1900.
James, beloved husband of Julia Kirkpatrick,
a native of England, ajred 74 year3.
[C^Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
HIGGINS— In this city, October 18. 1900, Mary
Ella Hlggins (nee Kenney), beloved wife of
William J. Higgins, and sister of John J.
Kenney, a native of San Francisco. (New
Orleans papers r lease copy.)
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 8 o'clock, from the resldenc*
of her daughter. Mrs. Francis Kawalkowskl.
northeast corner of Rlchland and South ave-
nues (Holly Tark), thence to St. Boniface's
Church, Golden Gate avenue, between Jones
ar.d Leavenworth streets, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GULDEMANN— In this city, October 17, 1900.
Henry, beloved husband of Augusta Gulde-
mann. and father of Willie, Elsie, Dora and
David GulJetnann. a native of Baden, Ger-
many, aered 3j years 3 months and 13 days.
ZJr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:50 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1713 Broadway, thence to St. Francis
de Sales Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery.
GROXOWSKA-In this city. October 17. 1900.
Margaret Veronicka Gronowska. dearly be-
loved mother of Mrs. Francis Kawalkowskl,
Mrs. Paul Jackowskl ajid Mrs. Justus Bose,
a native of Poland, 71 years.
Our mother loved and blest has gone to rest.
GOOD— In Oakland, October 18, 1900, Hannah
H. Good, wife of the late Thomas Good,
mother of John Good Eister of John Griffin,
and sister-in-law or Mrs. T. McCarthy of
San Francisco, a native of Ireland, aged 45
years.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the Masonlo
Temple, corner Poet and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Mission Lodge No. 16D,
F. and A. M. Interment Cynress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by special train from Third and Town-
send streets.
PACIFIC Parlor No. 10, N. S. G. W.— The
members are hereby notified to assemble at
N. S. G. \V. Hall, 414 Mason eireet, to-mor-
row (Sunday), at 12 o'clock, for the purpose-
of attending the funeral of our late brother,
M. A. Dorn. By order
JOHN F. CAX.VO.V, Acting President.
JOHN C. MILLER, Recording Secretary.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the Church of
the Immaculate Conception, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul. Interment private.
DEITEMEIER-In thin city, October 19. 1900,
Raymond F;, beloved 6on of William F. and
Mary Alice Deitemeler, a native of Ban Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years 10 months and 14 days.
C^The funeral will 'take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 127A Capp street. Interment
private. *
DORN'-ln this city. October IS. 1900, Marcellus
A. Dorn, a. native of California, aged 43
years.
E7"Xotica of funeral hereafter.
CUSHING — In Oakland, .October 18, 1300.
Charles Henry, beloved son of Charles H.
and Doloris Cushlngr, a native of California.
aged 33 years 11 months and S days.
IDTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 543 Minna street. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
CHASE— In this city, October 19, 1900, at his
residence, 22 Beaver street, James Lawrence,
tx-loved husband of Emma P. Chase, and
father of Bessie M. Chase, a. native of Tem-
pleton. Mass.
BERWERT— In this city. Ootober 18, 1900. John
Benidlct Berwert," dearly beloved husband of
Alma M. Berwert, father of Alden Berwert,
stepfather of Gussie and Charley MeUler,
and brother of Mrs. Maria Imfanger, Joseph
Berwert, Mrs. Sarvadue Bazel, Mrs. Anton
Kempf, Frank Berwert and Mrs. Jacob Meis-
ter, a native of Canton Underwalden, Switz-
erland, aged 32 years S months and 18 days.
A member of Bald Eagla Tribe No. 75, I. 0.
R. M.. and Court Presidio No. 40. F. of A.
ETFriends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
donce, 11 Alvarado street, between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third and Guerrero street
and San Jose avenue, thence to St. Anthony' ¦
Church, Army street, near Folsom. for ser-
vices. Interment Holy Croes ' Cemetery, by
cnrrla^a.
CAREY— In Oakland, October 18, 1900, Mary
Josephine Carey beloved wife of M. C. Carey,
a native of Dublin, Ireland, aged 70 years.
CAUSE— In this city, October 13. 1900, Alice
May Cause, beloved wife of W. B. Cause, and
mother of Alice-May Cause, a native of Chi-
cago, 111., aged 29 years 8 months and 14 days.
(Cincinnati, Denver and Chicago papers please
copy.)
Gronowska. Margaret Robl, Margarst
Guldemann. Henry Schofleld, Annie H.
Htegins. Mary E. Wlggln. Marcus P.
Kirkpatrick, James
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
P. "Wlg-gln. a native of Maine, aged 53 years.
(CTFrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Porter & White, 122 Eddy street, under th«
auspices of the Press Club of Ban Francisco.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land.
CHKArEST and best in America— Th* Weekly
Call. IS pact i", eent to any address in tha
Vnltp'i Ptates r»r '"an^ilii rue v«ar fnr fl.
FL'RXISHED cr unfurnished hou*e of 8 large
rooms anj Lath; sanitary plumbing; lot Wx
1C0; central location. Apj.lv MO 19th St.. Ojtkld.
SACRIFICED— 4 acrea near Lake Merritt; of-
fer %vaLr-.t"d. HALL, G35 Sutter St.. S. F".
l-.IO SACRIFICE.
Nearly new home of 7 rooms, bath, conserva-
tor} ar.i perches; fine large let: ntar cars
snd trains; fruit trees, carden and barn; |27»0
cash; cost ite $4000. Address Owner. P. O.
box Ll», ?acram«?nto, Cal.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath; central loca-
tion; price $2600; eaay term*.
A. J. SNVDEn 4 CO..
467 Ninth »L.
Oakland. Cal.Marcus P. Wiggin's Funeral.
The remains of the late Marcus P. Wig
gin will be' interred to-morrow. The fu
neral services will be under the auspices
of the Press Club and will be held at Por
ter & White's parlors, 122 Eddy street at
1:30 p. m. " ' '.
Professor Jordan Lectures.
Professor David Starr Jordan lectured
last night on "The Strength of Being
Clean." at the seventh anniversary exer
cises of the Pacific Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty^ to Children and Ani
mals and the Suppression "of Vice.
George D. .• Shadburne of the society
made a few remarks and Karl Krone,
Master Clarence Krone, Miss Eva
Heesraard. Miss Anna Rooney. Miss Car
rie Purcell and the Iolanthe Musical Club
under the leadership of Professor Joseph
F. Moore, assisted in making the enter
tainment a pleasant one.
GENERAL AGRAMONTE
SURRENDERS HIMSELF
Presents Himself in Court to Answer
Chretien's Charge and Is Re
. leased on Bail. ; .
General C. H. M. y Agramonte. accom
panied by his attorney, ex -Judge Pierce,
walked Into Judge Cabaniss" courtroom
yesterday morning and Attorney Pierce
announced that the general had called to
surrender himself on the charge of em
bezzlement preferred against him by John
M. Chretien.
"The general had been here for a month
prior to August 22, when the warrant was
issued,", said Attorney Pierce, "and no
steps were taken to arrest him till he had
left the city on his way to his home in the
City of Mexico. As soon as he learned on
his arrival there that the warrant had
been Issued he returned here, arriving on
October 9, as he was determined to have
the stain on his reputation removed. No
tice had been sent to w. S. Barnes, Chre
tien's attorney, and to your Honor that
the general was here to surrender him
self and was stopping at the Golden West
Hotel, but' no action has been taken to
arrest him and he Is tired waiting any
longer."
The Judge sent Bailiff Fleming to police
headquarters for the warrant and it was
served on the general. He was booked at
the City Prison and immediately released
on $500 bonds, accepted by Judge Cabaniss,
the sureties being Charles L. Patton and
E. L. ' Llllenthal. Attorney Barnes was
notified of the general's surrender and the
case will be called this morning.
Independent Joiners.
The Independent Joiners of this city
y*" 1 ,,*!^ thelr fnltlal 8 °cial In the
Druids' Temple at Fourteenth and Fol
som streets to-night.
Old Friends' Clambake.
The Society of Old Friends will have a
clambake and jollification at Buena Vista
Park, Sausallto, on Sunday, the 28th inst
P. H. Hlnk and A. Barbier have been ap
pointed bakers of the clambake.
Policeman Makes a Blunder.
Through ignorance on the part of Po
liceman O. E. Heffernan fifty Jurors who
had been summoned to Judge Fritz's court
in the cases of five Chinese charged with
illegal fishing had to be discharged. The
cases were set for trial by Jury yesterday
afternoon, and Heffernan was instructed
to serve the venire. * ¦
He summoned twenty-five, and Police
man M. J. Hemenez summoned the other
twenty-five, but Heffernan through Ignor
ance or carelessness certified to Both.
Attorney RIordan at once took excep
tion to the panel and the Judge sustained
him. The cases were continued till next
Wednesday.
Valley Water Company's Merced prop
erty: The board then adjourned the in
quiry until next Friday evening.
there was barely a quorum, consisting of
the following members: Supervisors
Booth, Boxtoa. Braunhart, Brandensteln.
Connor, Curtis, D'Ancona. Dwyer, -Mc-
Carthy, Reed and Tobin. Supervisor Con
nor was chosen chairman and after an
hour's talk, mostly to no purpose, the fol
lowing resolution, presented by Supervisor
Reed and representing the only practical
result of the session, was adopted:
Whereas, The Spring Valley Water Com
pany has been in the habit of furnishing to the
Supervisors of the city and county of San
Francisco statements of the receipts and ex
penditures of the company for the preceding
year, commencing with the month of January
of each year, for the purpose, among other
thinKS. of enabling the Supervisors to estimate
the amount of revenue to tx» derived from the
water rates theretofore established by the
Supervisors; and whereas, the water rates es
tabllpfK-d by the board operate from July 1st
of one year until July l«t of the succeeding
year, and as a consequence the statements ren
dered by the said water company show only
the receipts and expenditures for a portion of
two fiscal years and never show the revenue
derived. from any single water rates ordinance;
now, therefore, be It
Resolved, That th# Spring Valley Water
Company is hereby directed to furnish to the
Board of Supervisors of the city and county of
Ban Francisco a detailed statement verified by
the cath of the president and secretary of such
company showing the name of each water
rate paper, his or her place of residence and
the amount paid for water by each of said
rate payers during the year commencing July
1, 1SS9. and ending June 30, 1900, and also show-
Ing the revenues derived from all other sources
during" that time, and also an itemized state
ment of all expenditures made, for supplying
water during said time, and also further state
ments of the same kind for the months of July,
August, September, October. November and
December of the year 19C0; and be It further
Resolved, That the Spring Valley Water
Company li directed to furnish a detailed state
ment verified in like manner showing the
amount of money actually expended annually
since commencing; business In the purchase,
construction and maintenance, respectively, of
the property necessary to the carrying on of
Its business, and also the annual gross receipts
from all sources for the urn* period, each year,
being; reckoned from the 1st day of July; and
be It further
Resolved, That the Spring Valley Water
Company is hereby directed to furnish the
Board of Supervisors of the city and county
of Son Francisco with a detailed statement de
scribing the land owned by the Spring Valley
Water Company and actually used at the pres
ent time In the supplying of water to the peo
ple . of the city and county of Can Francisco,
together with the valuation placed upon said
land by the said company, and also a state
ment of the land owned by the said company
and which is net at the present time actually
being- used for supplying- the people of the city
and county of San. Francisco with water, and
which has entered into the statement nied In
the month of January of the year. 1900 as being
a portion of the moneys expended by the Spring-
Valley Water Company for the purchase, con
structlon_and _ maintenance of the property
necessary to the carrying- on of its, business;
and be It further
Upon motion of Supervisor Tobin It wai
decided that at the next session evidence
will be taken to show the cost of the land
and tangible improvements of the Spring
Resolved. That the raid company Is direct*!
to furnish the raid statement* on or before the
10th day of January, 1*01, except the , Hat of
lands and other properties, which must I be
furnished immediately.
The Board of Supervisors has com
menced an investigation of the affairs of
the Spring Valley Water Company with
the purpose of fixing water rates for the
next fiscal year. After squabbles, vol
umes of useless talk and charges and
counter charges the board has seriously
>*>gun it» work. At its meeting last night
he Spring Valley "Water Company was
jrdered to supply the board with a mass
)f detailed information and It was decided
o begin the Inquiry systematically next
FYiday, with a. consideration of the Mer
ger property.
When the session was called to order
Corporation Directed to Furnish Detailed Statement of All Re
ceipts and Expenditures From Its Inception.
SUPERVISORS AT LAST BEGIN
WATER RATE INVESTIGATION
Calaveras Parlor.
Calaveras*, the Beauty Parlor of the
Native Daughters of the Golden West,
gave the first of its series of winter
socials in the banquet hall of the Native
Sons' buildings last night. It was a very
enjoyable affair, at which there were
present nearly the entire membership of
Army and. Navy Parlor of the Native
Sons. There was a pleasing programme
of musical and literary numbers, con
tributed by Mrs. E. Kendall. Miss Lucille
Frank. G. Widder. Miss Brodie and
Messrs. Flood and Frazer.
SERGEANT McMANTJS
SCREAMED WITH JOY
Eighty-Five Mongolians Captured by
a Clever Ruse While Playing
Fantan.
Sergeant McManus and posse beat the
record for Chinatown captures last night.
They arrested eighty-five Chinese in a
Ross-alley club and charged them with
visiting a fantan game. The capture was
accomplished by a clever ruse which sur
prised the. wily heathen, and before they
knew what had happened the entire com
pany in the gaming room were made
prisoners.
About one month ago the Canton Club
opened with splendid festivities at 8 Rosa
alley. It had accommodations for more
gamblers than any other club In the Chi
nese quarter, and since its opening night
it has been a "mint" for its proprietors.
Sergeant McMunus strained his wits
many times, but was never able to de
scend upon anything but a bevy of inno r
cent domino players at the tables.
Last night he effected a capture.
Streams of players passed into the prem
ises while he worked below, tapping the
sower pipe that leads from the club room.
Two of his officers then rapped on the
door and demanded admittance. The
gamblers hurriedly gathered up their par
aphernalia and dumped it into the sewer
pipe. It fell into McManus' clutches and
he screamed with delight.
The eighty-five prisoners, together with
a large sum of money used in the game,
wore taken to the City Hall, where they
were locked up.- They were bailed out
later.
The Australia for Tahiti.
This favorite steamer, under command of
Captain Lawless,- will sail for Papeete Novem
ber 1st. Hitherto these charming Islands of the
South Seas have been reached br sailing vessels
requiring 30 to 40 days, but the time of new
ateamshtp service will be 10H days. Ask for
particulars of the low excursion rate J at 643
Market street. ¦ : > •
THERE was groM galore on the
mail steamer Alameda yesterday.
The balance of trade between the
Australasian colonies and the
1,'nited States was four millions of
dolJars in favor of this country when
the mail boat was at Sydney. N. S. W.,
and that Fum had to be sent to Uncle
Sam In gold.
In consequence. English sovereigns to
the amount of £800,000 were withdrawn
from the Sydney mint, boxed up in re
ceptacles that contained o^JO sovereigns
<>ach and put In the strong room of the
Alameda,
A large amount of the coin was shipped
by the Bank of New South Wales, some
of it came from the Bank of New Zealand,
a considerable amount from the Bank of
Australasia and the Union Bank of Aus
tralia, while the remainder came from
smaller financial institutions. Every cent
of the coin was consigned to local banks
and by them it was turned over to the
mint. . .
There ¦were many precautions over the
unloading of the Alameda's treasure yes-
terday. Captain Howard, superintendent
of the Oceanic Steamship Company, took
personal charge of the unloading and not
even a newspaper artist was allowed to
approach the strong box. Relays of men
passed out box after box of the coin, and
when the last one was on the wagon and
receipted for Purser Smith heaved a sigh
of relief.
This consignment of gold is one -of the
largest ever brought to America from
Australasia. It will be the last heavy
shipment for months to come, as the
officers of the Alameda say the balance
of trade is now going the other way.
SCENES AT THE OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S DOCK ATTENDING THE REMOVAL OF THE BOXES
CONTAINING FOUR MILLION DOLLARS IN GOLD FROM THE STRONG-ROOM OF THE ALAMEDA TO
• WAGOXS WAITING TO CONVEY THE TREASURE TO THE MINT.
Yesterday he was a witness in Judge
Conlan's court and while mingling with
the crowd he was "touched" for a val
uable diamond which adorned his shirt
front. Belasco did not discover he had
been robbed until he left the courtroom,
and started to walk downstairs. Meeting
Policeman Laws, bailiff of Judge Con
lan's court he told him of his loss.
Laws- was at first skeptical, but as Be
lasco Insisted that his diamond had been
"pinched" Law started an investigation.
Accompanied by Belasco he entered the
courtroom and carefully scanned the faces
of the crowd, but without detecting the
thief. Judge Conlan was then notified of
Hereafter Abe Belasco, the brother of
David Belasco, the well-known play
wright, will not wear his jewelry when he
visits the Police Court.
He says that in the future when he is
called as a witness In the Police Court
he will either leave his jewelry* home or
employ a private detective to protect him
against the reaching propensities of the
members of the light-fingered fraternity.
Belasco is satisfied that the diamond
was stolen from him while he was stand-
Ing in the courtroom waiting to be called
as a witness in the case of four boys»
who were charged with burglary- He re
members having felt the stone just before
he entered the courtroom.
Belasco's loess and becoming virtuously
indignant that such a crime should be
committed in the sacred precincts of the
Hall of Justice he temporarily adjourned
court and sent for two detectives. They
promptly responded and after listening lo
Belasco's story they mingled with the
crowd, but failed to find the thief.
Additional Lights for Richmond.
A committee consisting- of O. K. Cush
ing, George R. Fletcher, Edward Ginley,
W. C. Billington, H. U. Jaudin, George
Magoonis and John J. Cassidy appeared
before the Hoard of Public Works yes
terday morning in support of the petition
of the Point Lobos Improvement Club for
additional electric lights. The board,
after listening to the arguments of this
committee, decided to notiiy the electric
light company to place lights at the fol
lowing points: Lake street and Seventh
avenue, Clement street and Fourteenth
avenue, Clement street and Twentieth,
avenue and California street and Twenty
first avenue, and to change the light now
at California street and Seventh avenue
to California' street and Sixth avenue.
This same committee will apear before
the Board of Fire Commissioners at its
meeting this morning to request better
tire protection in the district.
ROBBED OF HIS DIAMOND
IN JUDGE CONLAN'S COURT
Abe Belasco, the Brother of the Play
wright, ''Touched" for a Valu
able Stone.
Miss Genevieve Nolan and Ivan Tread
well are engaged to De married. It is a
probationary betrothal as far as Miss No
lan's mamma goes, but the young people
have vowed faith and constancy " and
stand ready to submit to the rigorous
test of time Mrs. Nolan has decided
upon.
No announcement has been made of the
engagement and no wedding day set. If,
however, In two years Miss Nolan and
Mr. Treadwell are still of the same mind
and heart Mrs. Nolan will sa.y, "Bless
you, my children," public announcement
will be made and preparations made for
a brilliant wedding.
At the home of her parents on Golden
Gate avenue last evening Miss Genevieve
admitted, between blushes, i*.at she and
the youngest of the Treadwells had
pledged their troth.
'/We're engaged," she said, "but we are
not yet ready to anntmnc* It. Just at
present mother objects to my getting
married. It Is nothing personal about
Ivan. She fears that, because my broth
er, and his wife are having trouble, I
might not be happy with ray sister-in
law's brother. But because my brother
and Ivan's sister are not congenially
mated that is no reason, I hold, that Ivan
and I should not be happy. "We love each
other, however, and are content to wait.
We can stand the test."
Miss Genevieve Nolan, for whom young
Treadwell will have to serve a two years'
probationary term. Is the second daugh
ter of P. F. Nolan, the well-known shoe
manufacturer and merchant. She Is a
stylish blonde, charming and accom
plished. She is a graduate of the Sacred
Heart Convent and has traveled exten
sively. Ivan Treadwell is the youngest
of the Treadwell heir,? and when he at
tains his majority he will come in to a
fortune of nearly half a million.
Their I,ove Must Stand a Two Years'
Test Before the Future Bride's
Mother Consents to Their
Marriage.
Miss Genevieve and Young
Ivan Have Pledged
Their Troth. .
ONGE MORE WILL
A NOLAN WED A
TREADWELL HEIR
T&E SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1900.
Australasian Colonies Settle Their Trade Balances
With Uncle Sam With Bright English Sovereigns.
MILLIONS OF BRITISH GOLD
COMES IN ON THE ALAMEDA
14
SIX
o'clock
store
Veiling'S== the n °velties
at the veiling counter we are showing the
latest novelties from Paris and London.
fine silk Veilings, 18 inches wide, with scroll de-
signs in chenille dots on borders — and the Remage
mesh with fancy designs in dots Toe yard
heavy and tine silk net veiling with chenille dotted
Grecian bordar— heavy square double mesh, with and
without dots... .' S5c yard
single silk thread mesh veilings with squares of vel-
vet dots— rfinc scalloped designs of graduated chenille
dots— fine close dotted straight borders— fine silk
mesh with pinhead dots . . ; 91.00 yard
a fine silk mesh with chenille dots */i inch apart —
one of the season's most decided novelties. .$2.."5O yd
double velvet dotted veiling in diamond design. t3
inches — made of. very best material monev can buy
$ 2 . 5 O y a r d
mail
orders
solicited
we have just received a large importation of the
celebrated H. B. gloves, and an examination shows
they are fully up to if not superior to previous ship-
ments — as is generally known the H. B. is our own
brand, and wo confidently believe it is the most per-
fect fitting, the most reliable and decidedly the beit
$1.00 srlove upon the market — the line embraces all
the new and staple shades of tan, mode. blue, jjreen,
brown, red, irray, pearl, white and black.
we also announce the arrival of a splendid new
line of trents' kid gloves, as also the receipt of a larse
consignment of the latest style mocha jrfoves in the
fashionable shades of gray and havana — nothing bet-
ter can be found at $1.50 per pair.
glove items
l« s^ we want you to know all about our candy — how it is
L>M J.C? made — because then we shall sell you more and you will
eat it with greater satisfaction, to commence with,' we
£* Cl #^| control the factory that makes it. it is not a large factory,
l^^*"*-*.^* >^/^ but it is a thoroughly clean one — the utensils are clean
i • ' the people are clean, take for instance our delicious straw-
M 1 WW 11 berry icecream chocolates — they are made of pure cream,
fresh eggs and fresh, strawberries, while the chocolate for.
coating is the best quality, we have sixty kinds of candy that are as one kind in purity
and fine flavor, and which we sell at a uniform price of 35c per pound or three pounds
for one dollar. *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Special Bargains Saturday and Monday.
Granulated Best Cane Sugar, 17 lbs $1.00
Spreckels' Refinery-
Finest Creamery Batter, square 50c
Limit 3 squares. Regular 60c.
Extra Choice Fofnt Rayes Butter 40c *
Limit 3 squares. Regular 60c
Best City Egzs, doz 40c
Limit 4 dozen. Regular SOc.
Peta'wna Strictly Fresh E»g?, doz 25c
Limit 4 dozen. Regular 25c.
Clarke's 3™ Whiskey. B Q o v. $1.00
Bottled In bond. 100 proof. Rich and mel-
low. . Regular $1 SO.
Martin's Easte'n Cream Cbsase 15c
Kxtra choice. Regular 25c lb.
Table Fruits, <Sf y . 3 cans 50c
New pack. Peaches. Apricots, Pear*. Limit
« cans. Regular SSe can.
Singapore Pineapple. 125c
Sliced. Extra Syrup, x^lmlt 8 cans. Reg-
ular 25c can.
Port and Shern. 8 -&r £V.. 25c
Regular 40c bottle. 1I ; J '
6hlrardelirs c&i. ££ 25c
Limit I cans. Regular 30c ir! "i
American £g? Corn, C « B . 25c
Limit 6 cans. Regular 12*£c can.
Hulls D Olive. *<£! 95c *
Imported from Marseilles. France. Pure.
Limit 1 can. Regular tl 23.
New Cove Oysters, cL, 25c
Limit ( cans. Regular 12'ja
Imported Sardines. 3 cms 25s
In Pure Ollvs Oil. Regular 12%e.
Sapolio 4 cakes 25c
Limit SOc. J ''Cl' LJ LI
7arina Russian" • ORm
LiUiii Cigarettes. Pkgs. /5C
Regular 10c per packages ' "i
Cigars cut. 125s size 10c
Humboldt, Sanchez and Haya, Betmont and
all leading brands.
134-8-1354 MARKET STREET.
Opp. 7th. Phone S. 292. No Branca Storaav
WHEN CALLIN6 UPON A LADY .
yon will always Inspire her respect by
bavins your linen Immaculate and In per-
fect order. It Is a mark of good breeding
that she never falls to appreciate. You
can make no mistake by bringing your
shirts, collars, cuffs or underwear to this
laundry, as they are sure to leave It In
the acme of perfection In color, condition
and freshness.
Domestic finish for full dress shirt* It
you order It.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Off Ice— 62 San Pablo Ave.
...FOR...
JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT,
UNEXPIRED TERM,
FRANK H. KERRIGAN,
H REGULAR REPUBLICAN XOMLVEE.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GRKAT RESTORATIVE. 1NV1OORA-
1 tor -and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and ,Sp»cial
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican remedy for Diseases of the Kld-
neys and Bladder. Sells on lu own merits.
N'ABCR. ALFS & Bltl'XE. Asenta,
823 Market >t.. S. F. — (Send fcr Circular.)
DR.MQNULTY.
ri'HISWBrJk-KXOWI* ANDRKUABLS OLD
1 Sp<M-iail»tr«rnBloo<l Poison, (]onorrh(Ba.Gieet,
Stricture, Seminal Weakness, Impotence and their
•Hied Dl*nr<!er*. Rook on Diseases of Men, free.
Over30 yearVexper'enc«.Ternn reasonable. Hour*.
»to3dal!r :«:»tr>3. 30ev'ns. Hundnyn.lOto 12. Consul-
tation freeandsacredly confidential. Call oraddreoa
P. BO8COE Mr.M'lTV, 31. D.
20 J.' Kearny St.. 8&n Franclacft. <**.
Big Sale.
Bisque Ware
Norcltles joctt >
Flenres 40 cts
OrnatnentA.. 28 cts
Dancing: Girl 25 cts
Steins or Beer Mugs
Stein— nine Color...: xo cts
Stein-Cane Color xocts
Stein- Metal Cover 40 cts
Stein— Motto, covered. 48 cts
Stein — Motto, covered. 60 ct».-
Stein— Motto, covered. .80 cts
Stein-Motto, covered. .Si. 60
On all the Pullman cars Jesse Moore "AA"
whiskey la to be, bad. -.'
Great AisrioiIffljortiDiTfia Go.
no : Grant ave., bet. Sutter and. Post ata."
ESI Market St.. opr>. Powell.
6! Market st.. Junction California.
OUR BRANCH STOKES EVERrWHERB.
"We are Cutting; Prices
all to Plecet* During Our
Big Ctearaiice.Sale.
for a
Steinway
One particular advantage you have
in baying a piano of- Sherman, Clay
& Co. is the privilege of exchanging
it at any time within three years for
a Steinway and being allowed the
full purchase price.
It may .be 'well- for a beeinner to
learn to play on a less expensive
piano, but after proficiency has been
attained the best piano to be con-
sidered is a Steinway.
Sherman, Clay & Co. have a full
line of the best of makes from which
to choose and the payments are ex-
tremciy easy.
Wherever you purchased vour
piano Sherman. Clay & Co. will be
most liberal in their allowance should
you desire to exchange the piano
for a Steinway.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
Steisw&y Piano Dealers.
Cor. Kearny an<l Sutter ete.. S. F.
Cor. 12th and Broadway, Oakland.
Cor. 3d and Morrison sts., Portland.
Til Second «.ve.. Seattle.
CHILDREN'S HAND- WOMEN'S WINTEn-
J|||MW^j flVL '^¦^¦r Balk JCS 25c: our prlce to-day,
3 cts rV^SUftt 15 cts.
'. '. WE'RE ' OFFERING GREAT INDUCEMENTS TO BUYERS OF
CHILDREN'S WOOLEN DRESSES !
CHILDREN'S FLANNEL DRESSES, .trimmed with braids, pretty design.. lnclud-QQ-,
lnjr polka dots, all sizes, lined throughout: on sale at.. *, ¦» • if oC
CH^P??v N ' S £ LAID WOOLEN DRKSSES. blouse effects, effec'tlveiy'trlmmed." "c' 1 4Q
lined throughout; on sale at (])It4o
SILK WAISTS
GORSET SALE.
v y, r- TH . E NEWES . T THING! STRAIGHT FRONT CORSETS.
Each Corset placed on sale Is perfect In nt and guaranteed not to break within any
reasonable time, if -so we will replace the old for a new one.
75c Corsets on sale at ..;... ROc
SI 00 Corsets on sale at ." !!.!.!.].^!!!!!!! 75c
tl 25 Corsets on sale at ................
Jl 60 Corsets on sale at I!!'.'.!!."! • $ll^5
$2 00 Corsets on sale at .. Jji'jh) •
$2 25 Corsets on sale at.-. $1*7B
ONE BIO RIBBON BARGAIN.
*\£ &£""* "^ ****"• '° l * "«^ h *™ " »c *«*
Our 20c- CHILDREN'S IXL RIBBED HOSE, double knee, heel and toe, slzee 5 to
* .s» &x 14 G psilr.
DRESSING SACOUES.
EIDERDOWN DRESSING SACQUES.. all colors, finished with ..hand-crocheted edge of
BE 5 T r« QUALl "7 A kL-WOOL*EIDEKD6wNDRESSING SACQUES, sold everywhere at
*l CO; our price, l»Sc.
FLANNEL NIGHT GOWNS.
LADIES' FLANNEL GOWNS, all sizes, on sale at 4Op, 74c and OSc. The regular price
of these gowns Is 75c, fl.00 and $1.25. *"•«-«=.
WOMEN'S WRAPPERS,
AG wSst? N trl 8 m A ££ w^raft and^n^P^^afe aT^ PERS ' "<"">"* «"«. »ned
FLANNEL WAISTS.
WOMEN'S FLANNEL WAISTS, blouse effect, lined throughout," all shades: on sale at OSc
WOMEN'S WAISTS, lined throughout, made of all-wool French-finished flannel, trimmed
with braid: on sale at 91.45, worth J2.25.
At 91.O5— ALL-WOOL BROADCLOTH WAISTS, tucked front and back, lined throughout;
worth (2.75. [
. Just received, an entire new line of EMBROIDERED FRENCH FLANNEL WAISTS,
same on . sale to-day. . . * ...
' We carry the largest assortment of CHILDREN'S and INFANTS' CLOAKS in the city.
Our styles are the latest. Our prices are the lowest. - .
1212-1214 MARKET ST., bet. Taylor and Jones,
Exchange
your piano
Chicago Tailoring Co.. now In their new store,
113 Grant ave. Clothps on credit. •
MUST BE SOLD IN A HURRY.
STOCK OF SHOES
Of WM, H-KEITH of- San"
Jose Will be on Sale To-
Dau and will be sold at
33c on the Dollar.
At 95 cts — Men's Tan and Black
Calf Shoes, several styles,
but not all sizes in all the
styles, every pair fully worth
$2.50.
At $2.1 5 — Buckingham&
Hecht's genuine Nova Scotia
Seal, cork sole and water-
proof, standard price $5.00.
At $1.85— Ladies' Patent Leath-
er French Heel Shoes, all
sizes. These Shoes are sold
all over at $5.00 a pair.
At 50 cts—^Children's Shoes, sev-
eral styles, all sizes, worth
$1.50 to $2.00 a pair.
At 5 cts— Ladies' Rubbers."
Between Sixth and Seventh
STANDARD SHOE CO.,
1029 MARKET ST.,
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, the independent
candidate for Congress in the Fourth
Congressional District, is working with
might and main to secure his election
knowing that such a result will be the
greatest blow over given to Chinese, Japs
monopolies and corruption in the history
of tho country. •
Hale's.
Sale's.
Hale's.
the
¦ ¦HP