DOTTED LINE SHOWS PATH OF GIRLS; HEAVY LINE THAT OF
ACID THROWER; CROSS WHERE GIRL SAW HIM: CIRCLE WHERE
HE DISAPPEARED UP BONITA STREET.
examination as to the man's appearance,
but he could not give even so good a de
scription of his customer as the little girls
could give of the man Who followed them.
It is believed, however, that the man who
bought the acid is the man who sprinkled
acid over the children.
The stains j made by the stuff on the
girls' dresses are not distinctive of any
particular acid, owing perhaps to the dyes
used in the cloth. The jackets they wore
•were new ones of the tan shade, so much
in vogue. The spots on the jackets were
black or dark brown. On the woolen
dresses the spots were red, and on the hat
of one, where the acid had been poured,
the cloth had burned black and the stuff
had eaten a hole clear through it. There
Larkln. To her they told their story and
showed their ruined clothes. She took
them home.
The assault caused a great deal of ex
citement, and Dr. Bass at once notified
the police. Detective Coleman was sent
out to the house, and after questioning
the girls and their parents he started on
a hunt for the acid thrower. He inquired
all through the neighborhood, but could
find no trace of the man. ¦ The only infor
mation he could find that might have a
bearing on the acid thrower's identity* was
the statement of a drug clerk in the drug
store on the northwest corner of Jackson
and Polk streets. The clerk said that late
Saturday evening a man came in and
asked for two-bits' worth of muriatic acid.
trousers rather loose so they napped
against his legs as he walked; his coat
short, around his neck a black silk em
broidered muffler with purple flowers, or
as one of the children thought, white
ones. This he wore around his neck and
crossed In front of his chest. As to his
hat the children could not agree, but they
believe it was a derby.
The neighborhood is quite worked up
over the occurrence, as It has always been
considered a locality particularly free
from any danger to children, and boys and
girls have been allowed to come and go
almost as they pleased. To have such a
character roaming around is most dia
quieting to the parents, for there is no
means of knowing when the man will
make his presence known again in a
similar way, and the next time his vic
tims may not escape with only ruined
clothing".
A piece of Mabel's sailor cap was taken
by Detective Coleman and the character
of the fluid used will be ascertained. If
it prove to be muriatic acid the clew from
the drugstore will be of considerable*
value. In any event the police will make
a special effort to find the miscreant, for
he is a menace to children who must
travel alone upon the street
approached Van Ness avenue he reached
over and poured what was left in the bot
tle on Mabel's cap. It soaked into the
cap and ran down into her' hair and onto
her jacket. It was this that made her turn
round, and as she did so,- she says, she
saw the man with the bottle still in his
hand, holding It as he would have held a
cigarette. The acid on the child's hair
was washed out as quickly as possible.
The cause of the assault and Its object
are as much of a mystery to the girls and
their parents as to everyone else. • It was
some wild freak of a crank, and a danger
ous one. and from his actions it .la not
known whether he was attempting to dis
figure the children with the burning liquid
or merely wished to ruin ; their clothes.
Had any of the stuff touched the skin it
.would have burned its way deep into the
flesh of the children as quickly, if not
more quickly, 1 than it did into their
clothing. The man spoke noi word.
The description the children give of the
man 'makes him out a person of not
over average, height, with a full, red,
round face:" no beard and perhaps a small
mustache, heavy set and with sandy
hair, and dressed in dark clothes, his
ATTACK ON THE LITTLE GIRLS, "WHO WERE ON THEIR WAY TO
CHURCH, ,AND HOW UNKNOWN MISCREANT THREW DEADLY
FLUID UPON THEIR HATS AND CLOTHES.
Continued on Second Page.
. "So far as the Btrike of the telegraph
operators on the Santa Fe west of Albu
querque is concerned it has been a failure
since the order was issued. On our' Val
ley division every telegrapher Is either at
his post of duty or his position has been
satisfactorily filled by a new employe. On
the; Southern California: division all va
cancies are filled with the exception of
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9.— Regarding the
strike situation General Manager- W.^G.
Nevin of the Santa Fe Railroad made the
following etatement:
Albuquerque.
Says the Strike Is a Failure West of
MANAGES, NEVIN OPTIMISTIC.
. PUEBLO.. Colo., Dec. 9.— A special to
the Chieftain from La Junta, Colo., Bays:
There are strong rumors that "other rail
road men will take", up the cause of. tho
operators and order a «ympathetic strike.
It is also stated that two carloads of
operators left Chicago this morning to
take the. places of the strikers. About
a hundred and fifty men in the mechani
cal department at La Junta have been
laid off. BIx offices are still open, be
tween La Junta and Dodge City. Trains
are late but are moving.
are threatening to go out unless the strike
Is settled. . : .
Superintendent Scholes of the telegraph
service unite In expressing the same views
as the other officials, and all profess to
believe that the strike will soon be set
tled. The officials have kept in close con
sultation all day and have not let the
smallest detail of the developments
escape their attention. They have had
detectives in Topeka all day watching the
movements, of the strikers and reporting
to headquarters.
TBAIOTtfENT MAY WALK OUT.
Strike Threatens to Assume Disas-
trous Proportions.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Dec. 9.— The Indica
tions now are that the Santa Fe will have
more strike trouble before long if the
present trouble with the telegraphers con
tinues. Dispatches received here .to-night
Indicate dissatisfaction among the train
men in some division points. At 5 p. m.
General Chairman Newman sent the fol
lowing message to R. X. Lons: of, Den
ver:
"Everything solid. I understand the
west end trainmen are out. Trainmen on
the Gulf division have given tho officials
until 9 a. m. Monday to settle."
A dispatch from Galveston says:/,., .
"Gulf men are standing firm and every
thing is very encouraging."
Chairman Newman wires from Wichita
that Santa Fe trainmen west of WlchitA
Crooks Hailing From the
United States, Invade
London.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Coryrl-ht, 1900. by the Herald Pub
lishing; Company. -¦ -¦- .. :
LONDON, Dec.' 8.— A gajig of well
dressed thieves, .who recently arrived In
London from 'the United* States and who
have been | operating ; at ; Paddington 'sta
tion, are suspected of several daring" rob
beries, which have Just taken place at
Eiiston. '
The , Daily Mail describes * a most re
markable * haul at Euston. ; A gentleman
arrived, with six pieces of baggage. They
were loaded. on a trolley arid, the owner
went oft to take his; ticket. | When he re
turned in a few, minutes' time' the whole of
his baggage: had -vanished. "There were
dozens of porters about and many, persons
'were arriving and departing. with luggage.
No one had "noticed 'anything j : 'unusual.
The presumption ls_ that .the haul was ac
complished by several, thieves: acting, in
concert" one to shadow the owner, j others
to'detract the attention" of the porters and
the rest ; to I get" the ' baggage quickly re
moved 5 to a cab. The. loss ls'£300.*~
BOLD THIEVES
OPERATING IN
BRITISH CITIES
CALL HEADQUARTERS, 1106 G
STREET. N. W.. "WASHINGTON. Dec.
9.— The attitude of the Senate at this time
on the ship subsidy bill is as follows:
Republicans supposed to b« for the bill,
45; Republicans supposed to be against
the bill. 2; Republicans doubtful, 5.
Democrats classed against the bill (with
four voick wavering). 34.
The Republicans supposed to be for the
bill are: Allison, Aldrich. Baker, Bur
rows. Carter. Chandler. Cullom. Clark.
rx»p<-w, Dolliver. Deboe, Klkins. Frye
Foster Foraker, Gallinger, Hanna, Hoar,
Hi!e, Hawley, Hunsbrough, Kyle, Kean,
l»dge McComas McCumber, McBrlde,
McMillan. Mason. Nelson, Penrose, Per
kins. Platt (New York), Platt-(Connecti
<uti. l'ritchard. Quarlon, Sewell, Sh'oup,
Scott. Stewart. SpoonT Thurston. War
ren. Wetmore Wolcott.
Reputlicars supposed to be against the
bill: Slmcn. Wellington.
Republicans doubtful: Pard, Beverldge,
DHlinghani. Fairbanks, Proctor.
Drmocrats, Silver Republicans and Pop
ulists against the bill: Allen, Bacon,
Bate. Beiry, Butler. Caffery, Chllton.
Clay, Cockrell. Culberson, Daniel.- Harris,
HHtfte'.d, Jones (Arkansas), Jones (Ne
braska). Kenny. Lindsay, McEnery. Mc
l^aurin, Mallory. Martin, Mdney,' Morgan,
Senator Hanna said to-day he expected
the subsidy bill would be out of the way
in the Senate before the Christmas holi
days.
The opposition to ship subsidies that Is
developing in the West, particularly in
Indiana and Illinois, is causing Senator
Hanna-* and his fri<-nds. some uneasiness.
Senator Hanna Is determined that there
shall be a vote on the measure ! in both
houses. The subsidy debate in the Senate
will be interesting this week. Senator
Clay of Georgia will make a speech of
about twenty thousand words against the
bill. Senator Hanna intends to reply to
Senator Clay on Tuesday. Senators Petti
grew, Wellington and Allen are expected
to fight the bill, but it is not believed they
will resort to obstructive tactics to pre
vent a. vote, being reached.
Supporters of the bill confidently expect
at least four Democratic votes. They de
clare there has been considerable change
In Democratic sentiment since the in
dorsement of the measure by the Southern
Industrial Congress in New Orleans,
which is said to have been the most rep
resentative business gathering that ever
assembled in -the South.
Pettigrew Pettis Rawllns Sullivan. Talia
ferro, Teller, Tillman, Towne, Turley,
Turner, Vest.
MAJORITY FOR SHIP SUBSIDY
MEASURE IN THE SENATE
Careful Poll of M. mbers of the Upper House
Shows That the Bill Is Certain
of Passage.
_ • — ; — —
Special Dispatch to The CalL
EPRESENTATIVE DRIGGS of
T|)\ Brooklyn !s determined to press
|y£^ the ?Congressional investigation
il^^V into the death of Oscar L. Booz.
the West Point cadpt. who ac
cording to his parents was brutally beat
en and forced to swallow a fiery potion in
July. 1S9S. while at the military academy.
Young Boos succumbed to consumption
on December 3. and thp fatal disease, it I?
rharped. was directly due to the treat
ment which he received from his fellow
cadets.
There 1*= a Oifnopition on the part of
War "Department officials to let the case
drop v.ithout an inquiry, but Mr. Driggs
declares this will not be permitted.
Colonel A. L. Mills, superintendent of
the military academy, Who at first denied
that Booz was the victim of hazing, now
admits thru the lad was roughly handled
by his fellow cadets, but excuses- their
cruelty on the. ground that Booz refused
to fight another cadet when called out.
"Cowards are not tolerated at West
Point." Colonel Mills has declared. The
colonel's attitude has incensed those who
are demanding an Investigation of the af
fair. .- ; .- r -.\ ,.-.¦-. -¦;' i .>-|
Former Cadet Booz refused to the last
to name those who participated In the
hazing, though pressed to do so.
"It is n. matter of honor." he repeatedly
declared. "I cannot give their names."
THE FORMER WEST POINT CADET WHOSE DEATH AS THE RESULT
OF ALLEGED HAZING AT WEST POINT MILITARY ACADEMYW'ILL
BE INVESTIGATED BY CONGRESS.
WITH a bottle of some corro
sive acid an unknown man
sprinkled three little girls yes
terday. The liquid ruined
their jackets, burned holes in
their dresses and stained and burned
their hats. It was by the merest chance
the acid did not reach their faces and
disfigure them for life.
The assault took place on Green street,
between Franklin and Van Ness avenue.
It was in the morning, and the children
were on their way to church. As It hap
pened there was no one in sight when the
man came up behind them, and when
they saw what he was doing and called
out he escaped down Green street and
disappeared in a little blind alley known
as Bonlta street, which opens into Polk
street, between Green and Vallejo.
Two of the children are the daughters
of Dr. Frederick iriass, who lives at 2C44
Green street, and the other Is his little
niece, Marguerite Tuckey, who lives at
2042 Green. Mabel Bass, the eldest, Is
13, Marguerite is nearly as old, and
Helen Bass is 9.
Yesterday morning, dressed in their pre'.
tiest, the three chldren started for St
Brigid's Church, on the corner of Van
Ness avenue and Broadway. They went
down Green street, and had reached
Franklin, when they saw a man coming
down the latter street from toward Va
llejo. They took but little notice of him,
except to remark that he was not partic
ularly well dressed, and that his clothes
were dark. The children paid no at
tention to him, but kept on down
Green street until, when close to
Van Ness avenue, they noticed that
some one was following them, and
what attracted their attention was that
Mabel believed the man had spat upon
her. She turned Indignantly and spoke to
him, and as she did so Fhe saw the Jack
ets of her two companions spotted all
over with dark stains. She called to them
and thev turned, and all three loosed
their indignation on the man behind
them, who Immediately started across the
street and down the other side.
The three little girls followed him. He
walked the faster, and they started to
run. .He, too, broke into a run, and thus
the four went on down Green street-* as
far as Polk, where the man, who was by
this time quite a distance ahead, crossed
the street ..turned^up**Pfl5>"
toward Vallejo.: The girls reached, the cor
ner in time to seq. him turn 'Into'- Bonlta
street. They then' continued on to the
Jiouse of a friend, a dressmaker, who
lives on Green street, between Polk' and
were holes also in the dresses, but tho '¦
jackets ;were only stained.
The worst stain was on a little sailor hat *
that Mabel wore. It was evident from the
number of the Ftains on the jackets and
dresses that the man had come up quietly
behind them and had sprinkled them as
they walked down the street, but as they
He said he wanted it for cleaning bricks.
He had no bottle, and the clerk told him
he would be charged 10 cents extra for a
bottle, so the man said he would wait for
awhile. He then left the store. Yester
day morning he came In again and bought
the acid.
The clerk was put through, a rigid cross-
Daughters and Niece of Dr. Frederick Bass Have an Exciting and Dangerous Experience
SS^^il&J^^|p||eir Way to St. Brigid's Church— They Escape Without Personal
Injury and There Seems to Be Little Hope of Finding Their Vicious Assailant.
REPLACING
SANTA FE
STRIKERS
Company Will Not
Take Back Men
Who Quit
DECLARES THE FIGHT IS WON
Offers Promotions to Those
Remaining at Their
Posts.
Outside Operators £re Being Engaged
to Fill the Positions of All Teleg
raphers Wno Joined in the
Walkout.
TOPEKA. Kans.. Dec. S.— The officials
of the Santa Fe road take a decidedly
rcs^aie vie*" of the ie:<*gra pliers' strike
situation. They all ?ay the backbone of
the Ftrike is practically broken already,
r.nd that the affair*: of the road will be in
their normal condition wiihin two weeks.
The officers fell justified, in view of the
alleged Improvement in conditions, to re-.
teind the order closing the shops.
H. V. Madge; genera! manager of the
road, pert out a general cruer this after
noon to al! operators wh.7 had rot yet
gone out offering to promote th?m if they
would continue in their resistance to the
Ftrike. He told them that they had been
faithful to the interests of the company
thus far. an>l that they could fill out their
application blanks for better positions at
once. The genera! manager added that
all the men not takirg part in the strike
should have better positions if they were
capable of filling tli'-m. and that thfir old
place* would be tilled from outside
sources.
Mr. Mudfre expressed gr^at satisfaction
this eveningr at the order he had sent out.
and said it was only fair that the com
liMt>y whould thus recogniz? those men
who had been faithful to their interests.
"I feel much more sanguine about the
result of the ptrike than I did last nieht."
raid Mr. Mudge. "I thought then that we
•would have a serious time. In this be
lief the crder was issued for the closing
down of the shops. To-day the conditions
eeem to have so much improved that the
ord«r closing the shops will be rescinded.
I think we can use all our men in the old
tray. This much is certain, however, not
one of the men who has gone out on the
Ftrike ¦will be taken back into u.e employ
of the company. Those who were former
ly below them will be promoted over their
heads and they will see that the road can
get alor.g without them. Some of the
strikers have already made application
to be reinstated in the employ cf the com
pany, but it will be of no use. This will be
permanent. They left our employ without
cause cjid now they will have' to suffer for
their neglect-"
General llanasrer Madge, in company
with some other of the* officials of his
road, spent several hours at the telegraph
keys in the general office o£ the road to
<5ay. transmitting the necessary messages.
They have adopted the plan of Fending
much of their matter by mail.
This morning It s»eemed as thouch the
•Aerators had decided to go to work
epain. and the officials feu relieved from
their duties at the key. Some few oper
ators returned to work under the lnisap
prehenston that the strike had been de
dareu off, but soon left again.
C T. Mc«"le!lan. superintendent of the
Eastern division, returned this afternoon
from a trip of Inspection over the rntire
division in his private car. Ho started out
yesterday afternoon as soon as the news
of the strike became kr.own. He reported
that matters were very satisfactory so
far "as the Eastern division was con
cerned. Mr. McClellan visited all the
fj)cra.tors mlmng the route and asked them
jioint blank if they intended to nt like. In
case a man would answer in the affirm
ative he would be quickly Informed that
his services would no longer be needed,
and a time check was given him. This
hcu effect in some places, and the oper
ators agreed to remain at wori To-day,
however, many who made such an agree
ment struck as soon as they ascertained
the facts in the case.
•'Probably twenty operators are out on
my division to-night," said Mr. McClcl
lan. "but I have men In sight for all these
place;?. Men are coming to-night from
Chicago, JCansas City and St. Louis and
poon all the stations on the division 'will
be-FuppHed with operators."
V.'. ii. Coombs, chief dispatcher for the
Eastern division, reported that all the
trains were running satisfactorily. ' Some
were late, but that was a natural conse
tjuence. lie said that the plan has been
adopted of pending all the west-bound
freights over the cutoff from Argentine
to Kmporia, where they could take the
double track west. The east-bound
freights will be dispatched on the main
line.
~*r. Coombs said that most of the
Trouble came from the men on the Ar
gentine cutoff. When any of the so-called
"faithful" men would attempt to send a
<2i>-pjitch reporting the condition of the
tniins, some of the strikers would im
mediatoly cut in and the effect of the
rnr-snage would be lost. However, he
paid, the cutoff wan of little Importance
*r<i the nttitude of the strikers there
would cause very little inconvenience.
General Superintendent ResBegruie and |
WITH A BOTTLE OF ACID CRANK ATTACKS
THREE LITTLE GIRLS AND RUINS THEIR
HATS AND DRESSES WITH DEADLY STUFF
volu5Tl lxSxix— no. io.
Montana's Official Vote.
HELENA. Mont.. Dec. 9.— The official
canvass of the vote in Montana shows the
following result: Bryan/ 37,146; McKlnley.
25.373; Debs. 708; Woolley, 298; Donnelly;
US.
Special IMspateh to Th« Call.
¦NEW TORK. Dec 9.— The Journal has
the following from Paris: The poor lit
tle Countess de Castellane is reported
seriously 111 as a result of worry caused
by Connt Boni's creditors. The last blow
fell on Friday. It was the for
debt of the Count's big auxiliary yacht
Valhalla. This broke the hearts of both
tne Count and Countess.
The affair came off at Havre. It was in
directly the result of the recent announce
ment that the Gould family in America
had decided to resist the payment of un
just debts incurred by the Count— an an
nouncement made by the Coudert
Brothers, their Paris representatives, who
Informed the Countess in most emphatic
terras.
Illness Due to Worry Over
Her Husband's Finan.
cial Troubles.
COUNTESS DE
CASTBLLANE IN
POOR HEALTH
Special Dispatch to The Call.
¦ ERIE, Pa., Dec. 9.— In the midst of one
of the most bitter gales that ever swept
Lake Erie, the iron ore barge S. H. Fos
ter, in tow of the Iron Duke, went to the
bottom at 4 o'clock this morning ten miles
off Erie, and eight persons were drowned,
as follows:
CAPTAIN JOHN BRIDGE of Cleve
land.'
FIRST MATE, name unknown.
SECOND MATE, name unknown.
I SEAMEN ROBERT WOOD' and WIL
LIAM KELLY of Port Austin. Mich.
COOK MRS. MAY of Detroit
- Two unknown deckhands. '
, The Foster was one of the fleet, of James
Corrlgan of Cleveland and for,two months
has been running from Duluth to Erie
with Iron ore. Her cargo consisted of 1500
tons of ore.
Captain Ashley of the Iron Duke made
Erie in safety.
Iron Ore Barge Goes to
• the Bottom With Its
Crew.
EIGHT PERISH
DURING A GALE
ON LAKE ERIE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark.. Dec. 9.— Rev. Mr.
Daly, who has been an Inmate of the Sol
diers' Home of this place for the last few
years," was reading, the biography of the
late . Marcus Daly, yesterday, and to. his
great surprise j discovered that he and
Marcus -Daly were brothers.' . Rev. Mr.
Daly knew that he had a brother named
Marcus,' but^ tbeyj were separated when
young, the - family ; being poor, and the"
boys never again , met one another. Mr.
Daly says he . had often ;read of - Multi
millionaire Daly, but never for a moment
thought It was his little brother, who left
home ragged and penniless. .
Daly is a pious Christian, belonging to
the Free Methodist Church, In which he
served as pastor at Eastern places during
a number of his active - years. He has
never corresponded with ; his brother nor
ever <¦ heard '• from him; and supposed ho
was dead long ago. -
Inmate of Soldiers' Home-
Makes an Interesting
Discovery.
FINDS HE WAS
A BROTHER OF
MARCUS DALY
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1900.
Congressman Driggs Determined That Bocz's
Death Shall Be Investigated. I
BENT UPON PUNISHING
WEST POINT HAZERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Now General Superintendent of Santa
Fe, Prcscott and Phoenix.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Dec. 9.— According to
an order Juat Issued by F. M. Murphy,
president end manager of the Santa Fe,
Prescott and Thoenlx Railway, the oillce
of R<?siEta.nt general manager Is abolished
and \V. A. L>rake Is appointed general su
perintendent, in addition to chief engineer.
The ofilce of assistant manager was filled
by R. E. Wells, who resigned last week.
Mr. Drake has been connected with the
road ever since it was built and was pre
viously connected with the old A. and P.
line.
ALL TRAFFIC IS DELATED.
DBASE GETS APPOINTMENT.
sion that the Ftrike had been calkd off
and were later induced to Join the strik
ers - They are all out to a man west of
Emporia. Not one will return to work un
less their grievances' are settled In the
fullest r/oppible manner. Some of them
have already other 1 prospects offered them
on other roads and will accept them if the
Santa Fe management persists in its pres
ent course.
At 3:30 o'clock this morning an official
at the Santa Fe depot sent a caller after
a depot operator to go to work, When the
operator arrived the -oflicial represented
that the strike had been ended and that
he had better return to work as every
body <lse had. The operator did so, and
soon the news of his action went to the
other Ftrikers. They thus gained the Im
pression that the grievance was settled
and many of them returned to work, but
stopped as soon as the real facts were
ascertained. Men from different places
-all alone the line wired Into the train dis
patchers' office hero asking the conditions,
and whether the strike would continue.
They were informed that the strike was
practically Fettled and the only thing for
them to do was to return to work. This
many of them did, and It began to look
something like the strike was ended.
Soon the condition of affairs became
known to the operators of this city and
they immediately started to make a
change. They busied themrelveB In send
ing news of the situation alon^ the lin*.
with the result that the 'operators
went out again.
The railway company met this last move
by positively ordering all the strikers to
stay out of the offices and away from the
keys. No communications can thus be
sont to Borne of the few who are yet work
ing. Operators in places where there are
uptown telegraph offices have been
r«*«ched in that manner, while those In
smaller places will be reached in another
manner before noon to-morrow. The strik
ers are confident that by the time men
tioned they will have the .strike at Its full
height and that traffic of all kinds on the
£anta Fe will be tied up.
SAMUEL PEARSON, "Assistant Hoofd Krygs Comrs. Zuid Africansche
Rcpublique." which translated moans "Assistant Commissary General of
War of the South African Republic." is in New Yonc, a fugitive. His wife
and seven children are prisoners In the hands of the British. Mr. Pearson
Is a fine type of the intelligent, sturdy and patriotic Boer — young, alert,
active and as brown as a berry; also enthusiastically patriotic.
Mr. Pearson left the Transvaal on September 24. He was with the army of
General Botha., the commander of the Boer army. He v.-as instructed to destroy
all the bridges and railway lines and to harass the British as much as possible.
With his assisJAnts he worked destruction from Barberton to the Portuguese
ironlier. Finding it Impossible to return to the army, he went to Europe. Ho
reached New York la?t week, and will remain there until there is a change in
the situation. He likes the United States, and thinks if his people are event
ually driven from their homes a great many of them will come here. He is
hopeful that the influence of President Kruger with some of the continental
governments will result !n Intervention and the restoration of their rights.
that all kinds of freicht would be haJi
dled in the usual ccantltles.
The dispatcher's offlce here Is unable to
control the traffic over the cutoff from
Argentine to Kmporia and unless better
conditions prevail no passenger trains will
be run on the cutoff to-morrow. West of
Emporla the train dispatchers can only
guess as to the whereabouts of trains.
Some talk has been heard of bringing the
long-distance telephones into requisition
to supply the place of tho telegraph.
The Santa F« officials are making an
effort to get men enough for the outsldo
of the State to fill the vacant places on
the eastern and western divisions. Thev
have Inserted an advertisement In all the
daily papers as follows:
WANTEO — Competent railroad operators
wr.nted for permanent work, by the Atchison,
Topeka & Santa Ke Hallway. Apply to C. Q.
SchoUs, Superintendent of Telegraph, Topika,
or to any superintendent of »ald road.
CONTRADICTORY STATEMENTS.
Every Operator on the San Joaquin
Division Said to Be Out.
FRESNO. Dec. 9.— John W. Hays, local
chairman of the Order of Railway Teleg
raphers and member of the Chicago griev
ance committee, makes the following
statment to-night In regard to the strike
of operators on the San Joaquin Valley
division of the Santa Fe:
"As far as can be ascertained to-r.ight
every operator on the San Joaquin Valley
division went out promptly at 5 p. m. to
day. J. A. Newman, general chairman of
the order, wired me to-day as follows:
'Company shows evidence toward an early
settlement.' The train and engine men on
lines west of Albuquerque can expect to
receive an invitation at any hour to Join
their brothers on the east end, owing to
grievances simiiar to those of the train
men on tho Gulf branch."
The dispatcher's office here says nil
trains are on time and that only four men
are out. but operators along the line say
the strike is solid.
Passenger Trains Late.
ALBUQUERQUE, Dec. 9.— The strike of
the Santa Fe operators is beginning to be
felt here. Passenger trains are all several
hours late to-night and while there are
plenty of operators here, freight trains
are tied up waiting for orders at several
stations where men have gone out. The
closing of the Ehops here will throw GOO
men out and greatly interfere with busi
ness. BBEMtaBBMnoiaaiBaaaiaaMaMi.1
IX Europe and America the Impression prevails that the Chi
nese came off "second best" in their encounters with the Euro
pean trtops. The Chinese know better. They are evidently un
der the impression that any fact may be denied out of exist
ence, and it is espec ially the Chinese cartoonist whose ser
vices are employed to "save face" by informing the' unthinking
masses that China's troops were universally successful. The Kol
nisehe Zeitung (Cologne) gives the following descriptions of the
prims whicji are circulated among the people:
"There is the supposed recapture of Tientsin ¦ by General Tung
Fuh Slang. A mine explodes with tremendous force, and ,the sever
ed limbs of the unfortunate 'foreign devils' are decorating 1 the air.
The road to the sea is full of flying Europeans, who are mercilessly
slaughtered by the Chinese, and' -who are cut off from the water.
Some Europeans have reached tho boats, but • the Chinese swim
after them and kill them. i .
"The best is,' however, a naval battle. A number of torpedoes,
looking 1 suspiciously like bedbugs, are drifting toward the battle
ships. One exceptionally brave Chinaman swims off to the fleet,
attacking an Ironclad with a huge knife. Near by a battleship is
blown up. Unfortunately the Chinese show little mercy to the
prisoners even In these pictures. These unfortunates ar© brought
before the doughty Tungr Fuh Slang in chains, and after a short
trial they are despatched. Such prints are by no means rare. They
are circulated among the common people by thousands, and the
truth Is thus, for a time at least, hidden from the masses, who
not only believe that the most brilliant deeds have been per
formed; but that the hated 'foreign devils' have been annihilated
when they came into contact with the Chinese braves."
Continued From First Page.
REPLACING THE STRIKERS.
f?t. Peterrburg correspondent of the Daily
Mall, "and the Russian troops are pre
paring to scatter them."
Boxers Disturb Korea.
LO e
distu e
LONDON. Dec. 10.— "The Boxers arc
disturbing NnrthwcctTn Kor^a." savs the
Times, saving all the credit for securing
softened terms Is given by the Chinese to
the Russians, remarks:
"The credit for th* existing entente
really brlongH to Amor!<-a. England be
grudtres Prr-sidT.t McKinley his iust pres
tige because he has emphasized America's
friendship for Russia."
The Russian journal regards the altera
tions which America ha? procured in the
peace preliminaries as of the greatest im
portance.
Russian Journal Comments Upon the
Chinese Situation.
ST. PETlZRSBt'RG. Dec. 9.— The Xovo«
Vrernya. in an article evidently inspired.
referring "> the recent dispatches from
Dr. Mnrrifon in Pe-king to the London
Social IXspateh to The CalL
PKKIXvS. Oec. l.—AA\atui lueaa ou the
part or tbe 13riiis!i Foreign Office in in
ctrcrtirg Sir Ernest Batow b responsible
ior the delay in tfct- sisnirs «1 the prelim
inary 5emar.1s= note to r>e pre-en'td to ihe
Cr.inese Goevmnn-nt rtttOUSft Ll Huwg
Chang ana Place Sbtefr All of ihe other
ailies. have acr?ed to the preliminary de
mands ai.d also to the language Ot the
JuJ." nrte. ;i^e text of 'vhU-h was cabled to
England ten days ago. As toon M Ihe
L-ntish reprosnuitive receives instructions
H.tioth<T i:i«"ftir.g ot t!:e llinlvtera jurui be
called. L'nless hi* mt-tructlons demand
an alteration in the preliminary note,
wr.icn it is believed win not i.>e tne csse,
or oniesc pome of the ot v :er covorrmor.ts
charge their aniiude radically, the note
will oe sifir.ert anu presented to ihe Ciu
¦ i:ese representatives.
The QU'-si:on of the credentials of Li
Kurg <.ria!ig and Prince Clung has again
been rnis'^i. When l>r. Mumn> von
Schwartzenstoin. tt.e German Minister, ar
rived at Shanghai he *r.-.v Li Hung cr.iing
tne asKed to goe hi? credentials. Earl Li
informed him ho had received an edict bv
leleyraph appointing h:ms« j H and PrincV
Cliir.!? the representative* of itie Chines*
Government vith full powers, tie ad. lea
be could proo'uc'- the credentials whenever
necessary. Again at Tientsin Dr. Mumm
von made a similar re
<4-jf»t of L.\ Hung Chang and rt-t-eived a
Mmilar answer.
It transjures that neitht-r Chinese Com
rr.:ssion>-: ir.-is received an citic-iai copy of
ihe edirt appointing them, bearing the
grreat peal. *tc. ' 1 ne MiniPtern do not
question the statements of the Comrals-
BODtn that they are duly authorized to
treat in behalf of the Chinese Govern
m-m ¦with foreign representative?, but
they know that In dealir.p with th«? Chi
n<>?e it is un.-afe to a?5ume anything or to
take anything for granted. ?r< they again
den ftnded to see the credent'aK The
Commissioners thtn acknowledge! timS
had received not nine beyond th*» t«-i«—
grapntrd o'ict. They were informed this
was insufficient. On Friday Li Huns
Chang, through his informed
the Ministers it would be contrary to «. hi
n*>!=e custom to send a ppectnl rdlct :ip
j«iintir.g Commissioners a;id denning their
duties He added that the Met «f the
appointment of Prince Chins an-i hitttelt
was .i sufficient guarantee tbi't they had
full power to act as ropresntaiives of the
Chinese Government.
Li Hung Chans r.ext proposed that he
and Prince Ching certify in writing each
otner s appointment with full powers to
act. Thf- sug^e-=tinn was laughed at as
utterly unacceptable.
While the lack of certified credential?
for the Chinese envoys may delay final
negotiations, it will not delay the pre
sentation of the preliminary note to the
«x>urt at Singran Fu. wh'thc-r it will be
Kent bjr {M'st. It will lake eV'nveen days
lor it? delivery:
The RupFiar* have given notice that the
Chine?" 3 rel>«Ilion in three- eastern prov
ince*, of Manchuria has been supi'reFsod
by the unaided efforts of the Russians.
The Government is asko-a to appoint local
officials immediately. The Russians ara
withdrawing their troops from these prov
ince*, but a sufficient number will be re
tained there to protect the railroad. The
remove! of shout a»» men is the Russian
delinition of the withdrawal.
CREDIT TO aicHrNXEY.
NOTED BOER REFUGEE
ARRIVES IN AMERICA
?
Foreign Diplomats at Peking Again \
Question the Credentials of X.i
Hung' Chang and Princs
Ching.
Slow to Instruct Her Minis- j
ter to Sign Preliminary
Demands.
ENGLAND DELAYS
ACTION IN CHINA
COMPARES CHRIST
WITH CONFUCIUS
Chinese Minister Wu Ting
Fang on His Country's
Religion.
Believes th« Teachings ot the Oriea^
tal Base Surpass Thos© of th*
Pounder of Christian
Faith, .>>;
SsecUl Dispatch to Tb» Can.
NEW YORK. Dec. 9^-Wu Ting Fan*,
Chines* Minister to the United States, la
an address this morning made a compari
son between Christianity and Confucian-
Ism, giving Instances in which »a tnougnt
tue teachings of the great Chinese sas*
surpassed those of the author of too Ber
mon on tha Mount. The Christian mis
sionary In China and the aggression or
Christian nations In the Orient wera out>-
Jected to his criticism. The address was
given In Carnegie ilusfc Hall under tne
auspices of the Society for Ethical Cul
ture. .
Wu Ting Fang outlined the tenets of
Confucianism and then argued that China
had a religion sufficient to her needs and
that missionaries v/ere in no rreat de
mand there. He said the predominating
faith of China waa that of Confucius,
laotism and Buddhism were for the dead,
while China had only one great religion
for the living. He said that at a Chinese
funeral priests of all religions officiated.
Minister Wu said that Confucius taught
that out of fellowship of man with, man
proceeded the five relations. They w«r»
those of sovereign and subject, parent and
child, elder and younger, husband and
wife, friend and friend.
"Th» virtues," he add.ed, "are rlgrhtoons
ness, propriety, understanding and truth
fulness. The comparison of these virtues
with those taught by the founder oi the
Christian relielon 13 a close one.
"Confucianism Is the highest form ct
civilization and morality. The world is
coming to its teachings. One of the signs
of this Is the growing agnosticism of the
age. The advancement of science has com
pelled the abandonment of many of th-»
strongholds which religion haa occupied.'
AUTIST McATILIFFE T/\ KF.TS
WITH ACCIDENTAL DEATH
Famous Painter of Bacehorses Fallsi
From, a "Window in IH»
Residence.
NEW YORK. Dec. 9.— John ITeAullffe,
a well-known artist, aged TO years. wa3
accidentally killed by falling from a win
dow of his residence. Mr. McAulIff* waa
especially well known In connection with
his pictures of horses. He waa original
ly a house nalnter but aa he had a
natural gift for drawing and painting
horses he soon took to that as a busi
ness. He waa quick to see the possibili
ties of the American trotting horse, and
took up work in that line almost exclu
sively, although there are extant a num
ber of paintings by him of thoroughbreds
and road horses. He was known to al
most every horseman of prominence. Ha
had been worklnpr on orders within th»
last week, and leaves several Incomplete
pictures of valuable horses. Mr. McAullffa
was horn In Ireland, coming to New York
in 1847.
czap.'s coiromoN.
Very Favorable Bulletin Issued at
livadia.
ST. PETERSBURG. Deo. 9-— A. satt^fae-*
tory bulletin Issued at Llvadia to-<lay con
cerning the Czar's condition says:
"His Majesty's weight Is. Increasing and
the organs affected by typhoid have re
turned to their normal condition."
POISONED BEER
CAUSES DEATH
Three Thousand Persons in
the North of England
Made 111.
Bpecial Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK. Dec. 10.— The Journal haa
the following from. London: Five addi
tional deaths from arsenical poisoning
were reported this week, bringing the
total number of victims of cheap adul
terated beer up to nearly one hundred.
These deaths have all taken place with'n
a radius of one hundred miles of Man
chester. The sufferers to date number
more than three thousand.
The beer scare reached London last
week. News of frightful Illness in tho
north of England from this latest epi
demic, with its long list of casualties,
has reached the metropolis. It was made
still more alarming last night by the re
port that disease had reached thl3 city.
This news cannot be confirmed up to
the present time, and medical men are
Inclined to attribute It to the scare in
Manchester and Liverpool; but no one
would be surprised at any time if an epi
demic ,of arsenical poisoning were to
reach London, for there are plenty of
beers and ales drunk here k\ which the
various corn sugars, made with sulphuric
acid, glucose, invert sugars, or by what
ever other name they may go. are made
to take tbo place of innocuous malt and
hops.
DIES FROM COLD
AND EXPOSURE
"Mere Esther's" Career Comes
o a Miserable C ose
in Paris.
Special Cablo to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrisht, 1900. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
PARIS, Dec. 9.— Esther Chentouard,
aged 72, more commonly known as "Mere
Esther," was found dead from cold and
exposure in her miserable little attic in
the Rue Montreuil a few days ago.
In 1855 she became notorious from, her
association with Napoleon III. It Is a
little startling to find that Esther was
only a washerwoman, but in those days
the Emperor was, it seems,' very demo
cratic in his tastes, being under the
spell of socialistic dreams.
When storm and stress of adversity had
driven tn© monarch's former favorite to
seek a livelihood she was too old to re
sume her former occupation. In happier
days she had been the faithful client of
all the chiromancers and fortune tellers
of Paris. She was herself an adept at
reading cards, so she proceeded to male
the rounds Oi. all laundries and for a few
sous tell the future to any washerwoman
willing to consult her.
In her moments of expanslvenesa Mere
Esther would relate the story of her Im
perial romance, and on great occasions
would bring out a weather-beaten da
guerreotype of a thin-faced man with a
waxed mustache. This was the likeness
ol Xapoleon III, which, she asserted, he
had given her with his own hands.
Russia purposes to increase the number
of Its troops on the German and Austrian
boundaries to 300,000 men.
FRANKFORT-OX-THE-MAIN. Dee. 9.
—According to a dispatch to the Vossische
Zeltung from Bucharest, the Roumanian
Government has broken off the negotia
tions with the Standard Oil Company for
a lease of the petroleum fields.
Will Not Lease Oil Fields.
CZAR OFFERS NO
HOPE TO KRUGER
Refuses to Interfere to End
the South African -
Struggle.
LONDON, Dec. 10.— "Mr. Kruger re
ceived a message from the Czar Friday
night." says the correspondent of the
Times at The Hague. "It was couched in
very friendly terms, but the fact that
its existence has been kept a close secret
is sufficient to indicate its author's in
tention to abstain from any active steps
toward Intervention. The Czar naturally
pleads, his illne?s as a sufficient excuse
for not interfering.
"Mr. Kruger when cheered by the
crowd on his return from the cathedral
to-day turned and roundly rebuked those
near him for such a desecration of the
Sabbath."
A dispatch from Johannesburg says the
town has been fenced round with barbed
wire to* prevent the inhabitants getting
food to tne Boers.
-Special dispatches from The Hague re
port the feeling there as one of alarm at
the prospect of an Ai.glo-German-Portu
guese combination which might snatcn
th« Dutch seaboard or seize Java.
It is reported at the Dutch capital that
the possibility of war with England has
even boon discussed by the Cabinet Coun
cil. .
Queen Wilhelmlna will give a dinner in.
honor of Mr. Kruger, but he has aban
doned all hope of any effective result. of
his visit to Europe, although he docs not
despair of meeting Emperor Nicholas,
possibly on the Rivera.
"We believe." says the Daily News,
"that the Government will propose in the
House of Commons to go into committee
of ways and means for raising money for
war purposes. This may lead to consid
erable discussion."
-¦ — i • ¦" ' v ¦ .'
' THANKED BY VICTORIA.
England's Quean Grateful for Portu-
gal's Friendship.
LISBON, Dec. 9.— King Carlos has re
ceived from Queen Victoria the following
telegram in response to the one sent by
his Majesty yesterday:
"I am greatly touched by your kind tel
egram. 1 sincerely thank you, my dear
nephew, for It and for the good wishes
you entertain toward -me and mine. It Is
"with the greatest pleasure that I recognize
the cordial and friendly understanding be
tween Portugal and England."
After cordial farewells to the Portu
guese officials and an exchange of salutes
the British squadron sailed at noon.
At Saturday's? banquet on board the
British battleship Majestic, when King
Carlos Queen Marie Amelle and Prince
Louis Philippe, together with members of
the Cabinet and other dignitaries, were
entertained by Vice Admiral Kawson, the
Portuguese Premier, De Castro, toasting
"Queen Victoria and Great Britain," sa
luted "the alliance that has long existed
In treaties and has been confirmed in re
cent acts." ..'.... .
He said. the significance of the alliance
was "an assurance that our rights will be
respected and our dominions maintained."
Sir H. G. MacDonnell. the British Min
ister, in responding thanked the Govern
ment of King Carlos for the "friendly at
titude maintained with such correctness
toward Great Britain during the war In
South Africa, which has been warmly ap
prociated by the Government' of Queen
Victoria."
"The confirmation of the alliance which
unites us indissolubly." said the British
Minister, "is here in the presence of the
channel squadron. Ancient ties are drawn
closer by recent events. The British Gov
ernment desires that a,' firm and durable
alliance may be ever maintained."
In conclusion he proposed "the prosper
ity of Portugal and the happiness of the
royal family." ' >,.' v
FRIENDLY RELATIONS
S NOT TO BE SEVERED
Portuguese Government Denies Re
ports of Possible "War With
Holland.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.-The Viscount
of Santo Thryso. Minister of Portugal to
the United. Statoe, has been authorized by
his Government to announce that there is
no truth In the report that Portugal and
Holland are on the point of a severance
of friendly relations. Tbe Minister cabled
to the Foreign 'Office at Lisbon that this
report had been published In American
newspapers and asked if it were true. The
telegram received by the Minister to-day
contained the denial.- -.
DISAVOWS THE LETTER.
The Netherlands Eepudlates a Com-
¦munication to Kruger.
THE HAGUE, Dec. 9.— The Government
of the Netherlands has instructed the
Dutch Minister in London, Baron von
Golstein Van Oldennallerr to disavow, in
the name of the Government, all respon
sibility for the letter addressed to Mr.
Kruger by the President of the First
Chamoer of the Staats General, Dr. A.
Van Naaman Van Fomnes, approving his
"noble purpose" and expressing a hope
that the independence of the two Dutch
republics would be secured.
AMERICAN VESSELS.
Gross Tonnage Constructed in Last
Five Months 495, 149,963.
.WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.— The vessels
built in , the United States and?offlclally
numbered from June 30, 1900, to November
80, 1900, were 495 of 149,963 gross tons. -The
¦principal items of the total are seven
steel steamships on the great lakes (34,933
gross . tons) ; and four smaller ; steamships
(6496 tons, which; could pass .through the
new Welland Canal), and one steel schoon
er barge (2790. tons).
To Pardon Arabi Pasha.
LONDON, Dec. 19.— The anniversary of
the accession of the Khedive, says the
Cairo correspondent of the Dally Ex
press, will be signalized by the pardon of
Arabl> Pasha, who will thus be enabled to
return from Ceylon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1900.
WAR IN THE ORIENT AS DEPICTED BY THE CHINESE CARTOONIST.
SAMUEL. PEARSON, A BURGHER FUGITIVE, WHO HAS FOUND A
REFUGE IN THIS COUNTRY. HIS WIFE AND SEVEN CHILDREN
ARE IN THE HANDS OF THE BRITISH.
Stops the Cough
AM works off the Cold. Laxative • Bromo
<juinine Tablets cure m. cold tn : one d*jr. No
Cure. No Pay. Price 25 cents. • .*\*\
BERLIN. Dec. 9.— The German members
of the International court of arbitration
at The Hague will be Dr. Blngner, presi
dent of the Senate of the Hlgh^ Court*
herr von Frantzlus, Councillor of -the
Foreign Office and Councillor of the High
Court, and Professor von Bar of the Uni
versity of Goettinsen.
Germany Names Representatives.
TOPEKA. Kan*.. Dec. 9.— At S o'clock
to-night practically all of the telegraphers
on the Atchison, Topeka and Ham a Fe
proper are still out. A few men returned
to work this morning- under the lmpres-
That Strike Was Ended.
four unimportant (nations, viz.. Lords
burg. WcFt rucamnnga, Rialto and Men
tone, which have been temporarily cloyed
On the Albuquerque division the striking
operators practically stampeded this
morning to regain their forsaken places.
All but four of the offices on this division
have been filled with the old employes,
end these stations will be supplied with
new men at nnce. On the Arizona divi
sion the teleerranhers at the terminal and
important points did not quit work, and
the places of the strikers at the other
telegraph offices cither have been filled or
will be by Monday. All passenger and
freight trains art running, on schedule
time, with no interruptions to traffic. Last
night w» moved ninety-four cars of
oranges and vegetables from San Bernar
dino through the Cajon Pass on our fast
fruit train*, practically on time, and
thpso. with all othfr cars of perishable
freight which were en route at the time
the ftrike order became effective, will be
given prompt handling. We are in posi
tion to rer^lve and transport promptly ah
fruit and vegetables that may b«* offered
up to the capacity of our equipment, and
growers and shippers, therefore, need
have no fear that their shipments will be
delayed. The conditions are so satisfac
tory with us that none of our shop forces
or other employes will ne suspended, and
work at all potntfl will be resumed in the
usual manner on Monday morning.
"I am advlrpd by Third Vice President
Barr that only about 4'» per cent of the
t'-!e{rraph«»rs on the Atchlson main line
cjuit on account of the strike order, that
trains are being moved In good shape to
day and that it is expected to handle all
traffic under normil conditions by Mon
day afternoon. The *hop forces on the
main line and f>n the Gulf division will all
resume work Monday morning."
Chairman Ropers of the local committee
of the Order of Railway Telegraphers,
who Is also assistant chairman of the en
tire organization west of Albuquerque,
stated to-night that the strike situation
on the Santa Fe is entirely satisfactory
from The tHegT»ph«>rs' point of view. The
operators on the San Jonquln Valley di
vision failed to go out yesterday, owing to
a misunderstanding, but. according to Mr.
Ropers, they left their keys to a man at
5 o'clock this afternoon. Mr. Roeers
further asserts that there are but four
operator* at their posts on the entire line
from Mojave to Aubuquerque. all the
other vacancies being supplied with
"dummies." On th«» Southern California
div.sion the telegrapher?" organization is
not Ftronpnnd the strike so far as that
division is concerned !s a failure. On the
entir* Santa Fe system the strikers claim
{*<*> men are out. It Is asserted that on the
Atchlson. Topeka and Santa Fe proper a
sympathetic strike will be Inaugurated to
morrow by the Brotherhood of Loco
motive. Firemen and the Brotherhood of
Railway Trainmen, and that this strike
will be rapidly extended to other divisions
If necessary. •..;;
ENTICED BACK TO THEIR KEYS.
Men Temporarily Deceived by Report
TOPEKA, Kans.. Dec 9.— Considerable
difficulty attended the operation of the
Fanta Fe trains to-day. Ths-annojnce
ment was made last night, by ..the officials
that all trains wouM'tc run en time and
Officials Unable to Locate Some of the
Passenger Trains. BhBI
2
g jT rib highest pricea maga- f /^^^^m
% Zine will not contain a %
H celebrated writers than will the <m[^^^^ .. %
% Sunday Call Christmas edition* %
|= CAPTAIN SHRIMP. JEANNE'S VISIT TO ST. NICHOLAS. 3
By PAULINE BRADFORD MACKIE By JESSIE JULIET KNOX.
j| A LITTLE EMPTY STOCKING. HIS IDEAL CHRISTMAS. %
By JOHN STRANGH WINTER. By JUSTIN McCARTHY. 3
H A SHOT IN TIME. CHRISTMAS DAY IV ROME. 3
gl- By GENERAL CHARLES KING. By MME. SOPHIA BOMIPIANL 3
g AN ANGEL INAWARES. CHRISTMAS IN THE FATHERLAND. 3
r: • By MARION HARLAND. • By COUNT ANDREW BERNSTAFF. =2
§E JACK REDMOND'S TREASURE. CHRISTMAS IN THE SAGEBRUSH. =1
£: By EDITH SESSIONS TUPPER. By ISABEL DARLING.
j| FULL-PAGE ILLUSTRATIONS BY THE SUNDAY CALL'S STAFF OF FAMOUS ARTISTS. H
fc . Including METHFESSEL, DIXON." CAHILL. V/ARREN. BRADSHAW. KELLY.
g:,'- BRONSTROP. THORNDYKE, BORIEN and ROHRAND. 3
£f AND MANY OTHER NOTABLE FEATURES, INCLUDING < =3
! "PECK'S BAD BOY GROWN UP." |Chtrchau-Fo.
FLEEING TAOTAI CAUGHT.
Official Responsible for Massacre in
SHANGHAI. Dec. D.-Pao Ho NIen.
Taotal of Chuchau-Fu, In the province of
Chekang. who was responsible for the
July massacre and who absconded, haa
been captured near Suchau and sent t->
Hangchau-Fu.
John Goodnougrh, United States Consul
General in Shanghai, is about storting
for the United States on leave of absence.
MISS NEWMAN IMPROVES.
Her Reason.
Friends Hope She Will Soon Recover
SAN JOSE. Dec. 9.-Miss Carrie New
man, the Salinas school teacher who be
came insane last Friday through fear of
P. G. Farley, who. she says, has threat
ened to defame her, waa better to-day and
will probably recover her reason.
Until the Senate ratifies tho French
treaty the State Department does not in
tend to sign any more treaties, though
it is understood several have been nego
tiated. The Russian Government, which
has a commission Investigating customs
matters, has, through Count Casini. Rus
sian Embassador. taken steps to nego
tiate an agreement which will remain in
force until 1903, when th» commercial
treaties will expire. The Russian Govern
ment has in this instance shown its
friendship for the United States by mak
ir.~ many valuable concessions.
State Department showing that the prin
cipal countries of Europe have had cus
toms commissions investigating the pres
ent commercial conditions.
The knit goods manufacturers are vig
orously opposing the French treaty.* the
fruit growers the British West Indies con
vention and the woolmen the Argentina
instrument. Should action not be taken
at this session, all treaties will expire
because of the failure of ratification
within the time limit.
It is the purpose of the administration.
as soon as it can, to vigorously urge the
ratification especially of the French re
ciprocity treaty. The commercial feeling
in Europe is extremely hostile to the Unit
ed States because of the enforcement of
provisions of the Dingley law. «and
the Government of Austro-Hungary at
one time proposed a union of official ac
tion against American commerce as the
only means of protecting European com
mercial Interests. Such a union was pre
vented by the prompt action of Special
Reciprocity Commissioner Kasson in ne
gotiating reciprocity agreements with
France. Italy. Portugal, Germany and
Great Britain. Mr. Kasson believes the
interests of American commerce demand
that the treaties already negotiated be
ratified and treaties with other govern
ments nef otiated as quickly as possible.
Information has been received by the
The apathy that prevails is due to In
terest being taken in the interoceanic ca
nal, subsidy - and army reorganization
bills and the faqt that the friends of tho
reciprocity treaties do not care to antag
onize the supporters of these measures.
CALL' HEADQUARTERS, 1406 G
STREET, N. W., WASHINGTON. Dec.
9.— Notwithstanding the pressure the ad
ministration is applying to the Senate to
effect a ratification of the; pending reci
procity treaties, fears are entertained that
the session will end without action upon
them. . - . ¦ .
RECIPROCITY TREATIES
ARE IN GRAVE DANGER
Little Ghance of Their Being Ratified
Before the Close of the
M\ '.. Session.
AS THE NEW WHITE HOUSE WOULD LOOK FROM PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE. THE PRESENT BUILDING IS
THE CENTRAL PORTION, AND THE WINGS WITH COLUMNS ON EACH SIDE ARE THE PROPOSED AD
DITIONS. REPRODUCED FROM LADIES' HOME JOURNAL.
MEDALS COMMEMORATING CENTENNIAL OF ESTABLISHMENT OF
NATIONS CAPITAL AT WASHINGTON. THE HEADS SHOWN ARE
THOSE OF PRESIDENTS JOHN ADAMS AND WILLIAM McKINLEY.
Mrs. McLean was a native of Kentucky,
but previous to coming to Washington
several years ago she spent most of her
life In Cincinnati. She was , the widow
of the late Washington McLean, proprie
tor of the Cincinnati Enquirer. Mrs. Mo-
Lean was In her seventy-second year.
At the bedside of Mrs. McLean when
the end came were her daughters, Mrs
Dewey and Mrs. Ludlow. wife of Rear
Admiral Nlcoll Ludlow. her son, John R.
McLean, and Admiral Dewey.'
WASHINGTON', Dec. 9.— Mrs. Mary L.
McLean, the mother of John R. McLean
of the Cincinnati Enquirer, died at her
residence at 1:33 o'clock this morning of
acute heart afTectlon. She had been 111
since Friday.
MRS. MARY L. McLEAlT
A2TSWEBS DEATH'S CAXL
Frank B. Guest, head of a cotton com
mission house, said to-night that an ad
vance copy was offered to him on Satur
day. He immediately notified President
Hubbard of the Cotton Exchange The
latter asked for a detailed statement
which was given, and this is to be used
as the basis for a Federal Investigation.
President Hubbard said to-nisrht that h«
would go to Washington without delay
and place the entire matter before the
proper authorities.
NEW YORK. Dec. 9.— A story to the
effect that the Government cotton crop
report, which will be made public to-mo-
row. had been offered to certain cotton
brokers in this city In advance, received
corroboratlon to-da*'.
Persistent Rumors to That
Effect.
Frank B. Guest Positively Confirms
COTTON CROP REPORT
GIVES' OUT IN ADVANCE
SAN MATEO. Dec. 9.-What was un
doubtedly the most successful church af
fair ever held in this city closed last night
in Library Hall. Three sides of the hall
were occupied with the various booths
a thing of beauty in itself. One side
of the hall was entirely given over to the
flower display, which was in the form of
a rustic garden, where plants and cut
flowers were for. sale. A musical pro
gramme of more than usual excellence
waa provided for the first evening, and on
the second evening the farce "A Chafine
Dish Party," by John Kendridc Bangs
was rendered by local talent. The whole
affair reflects much credit on those in
charge and as a result of their earnest
work the Congregational Church will ben
efit both financially and socially. Rev.
William D. Kld.l. the pastor of the church
has only been in charge four months, but
in that time he has demonstrated his abil
ity both as a preacher and as a financial
manager. A new heating apparatus is to
be placed in the church and other altera
tions are contemplated for the near fu-
Benefited Socially and Financially.
San Mateo Conjrregrational Church
SUCCESSFUL BAZAAR CLOSES,
NEW YORK, Dec 9.— The sixth annual
international eix-day bicycle race at
Madlson-squaro Garden was started at
midnight to-night before over 6000 people.
The race is held under the auspices of
the American Bicycle Racing Association,
and fourteen riders of international repu
tation began the 142-hour grind. They
represented as many, pairs, who will race
for the six days as teams. No man will
be allowed to ride on the track more than
twelve hours In any day. but the two men
in each team may relieve one another at
any time that suits them. At the end of
six days' racing $4000 in prizes will b»s
distributed among the riders. Long be
fore S o'clock the crowds began arriving
at the garden, and by the time the pistol
eent the men off on their journey the
seats around the track and the great
space inside the rail were tilled. Tl:*
track this year Is banked very steep, and
is several feet higher at the outside than
that of last year.
The management faw fit to do this In
order to prevent "lcanng." which was
much In evidence at the previous races.
This will make the race much faster con
tinually, but probably will cause many
spills.
Following are the pairs counted into
start in the race, the man first mentioned
in each pair being the one who started
first for the team: ¦ . -
C. W. Miller. Chicago .and Robert WaJ
thour, Atlanta. -
Hugh McLean, Scotland, and Arthur
McLean. Scotland.
Oscar Aronson, Sweden, and Oscar Bab
cock. New York. . _
W. C. Stlnson, Boston, and Frank Wal
ler, Germany.
John Dubois, Brocton. and Lloyd Krebs,
HarryElkes, Glen Falls, and Floyd Mc-
Farland, San Jose, Cal.
Harry Bloecker, Brooklyn, and Frank
Jean'Gougoltz, France, and Caesar Sim
mar, France- . ;
Karl Klser, Germany, and Fritz Rysor,
Germany. ' • • ¦ -
Rudolph Mailer, Italy, and H. Accou
tror, IU*, - .-
Riders Representing Four
teen Teams Begin the
Grind.
preliminary architectural work. A plaster
model, showing the proposed "Greater
White House" In miniature, and a series
of drawings showing its- construction de
tails, are fast growing to completion. On,
the morning of December 12 they will be
removed to the President's house and dis
plaved in the presence of the chief magis
trate himself, to the Governors of the
States, members of Congress and other
distinguished guests. Colonel Bingham.
master of White House ceremonies, and
other centennial orators, there and later
START OF SIX-DAY
BICYCLE RACE
provements are made.-- Their exterior
architecture, as Shown in the model, is in
the form of colonnades sweeping around
to the rear, with Ionic columns similar to
those that support the main portico. Be
hind these may- be seen a curved extension •
of the original White House walls. At the I
extremity of each colonnade wing will be'
shown a new entrance with as porto
cc.here facing squarely south. The wings
will be two stories in height, their col
umns extending to the top all around.
The new wings will be divided into va
rious apartments by temporary partitions,
which may be removed to attord a clear
space when the larger additions are built
to complete Mrs. Harrison's scheme of
utilizing each colonnade wing .as a pas
sageway, with' central rotunda, for reach-
Ing the greater adjuncts. The extension
on the west side of the new model is des
ignated as the "0010131 wing"; that on the
east the "public wing." In the latter and
extending from the- east room will be a
new reception room and ample office
apartments connecting with those now on
the second floor. Provision is also made
for a new circular state dining room sixty
feet in diameter in the west or "official
wing." On the second floor of this will
be provided five additional bedrooms.
In one hundred years the White House
has not been enlarged. At state functions
then John Adams received but thirty-two
Senators, whereas William McKinley
must be host to ninety. The apartments
in which were entertained but 105 Repre
sentatives In 1S0O must now hold 356 at
White House receptions. The Cabinet
now with eight members, then had but
five. The diplomatic corps was a small
handful of foreigners. Adams could en
tertain his entire Senate and Cabinet to
gether in the state dining room, built to
accommodate but forty guests. To-day
President McKinley must abandon this
well lighted room intended for state
feasts. He must spread his board in a
long, narrow corridor running east and
west through the center of the building.
This has no windows. Ladies in evening
dress cannot escape the chilling draughts
from doorways.
Necessary repairs and refurnishings of
the White House have brought the total
cost of the building since 1800 to about
$2,000,000.
In commemoration of the centennial of
the establishment of the nation's capital
in the District of Columbia handsome
medals have been struck off. On the ob
verstf are heads of Presidents John Adams
and William McKinley in relief, with the
dates 1800. 1900. The reverse bears repre
sentations of the capItols of the two peri
ods with an explanatory bar giving the
reason for being of the medal.
DEATH CLAIMS
AGED VETERAN
— ». .
Passing of Or. W. Hemenway,
Well-Known Resident
of Winters.
WINTERS, Dec 9.— O. TV. Hemenway.
a well-known citizen of Winters, died this
morning at 8 o'clock. The cause of his
decease was an abscess In his hlj> re
sulting from disorders Induced by ex
posure and privation during the Civil
War. For some time previous t>> his
death, Mr. Hemenway had been staying
at the home of his brother. D. L. Hemen
--way, where he had received, the beat of
.care and medical attention.
Deceased had long been known and re
spected In Winters. He came to this place
about fifteen years ago and since that
time had taken prominent part in many
public affairs. For four years he served
the people of Winters as Postmaster and
proved to be an able and efficient officer.
As a veteran of the Civil War he was al
ways an enthusiastic promoter of patri
otic, celebrations and It has often been
remarked that were it not for the efforts
of : George Hemenwas Winters would
make a very poor stowing on national
holidays.
Deceased was 58 years old and the
father of a large family. There were
three boys, two of whom are now at
home, where they have been caring for
their father and an Invalid brother. The
second son, Fred Hemenway. was called
home from Berkeley last week. Fred is a
sophomore in the University of California.
Walter.- the eldest son,i3 a prominent pho^
tographer of San Diego, and the younger
son has always remained at home to care
for his parents. Besides two daughters
who reside in this vicinity,* Mr. Hemen
way leaves a brother and a large number
of other relatives to mourn hia depart
ure. • ,
The remains will be interred In the "Win
ters Cemetery to-morrow. The services
will be held at the home of D. L. Hemen
way at 10 o'clock a. m. Members of the
Grand Army of tha Republic have been
chosen for pall-bearers. ,
.RIVERSIDE. Cal., Dec 9.— The $850*
residence of Martin Chase was destroyed
by fire" this morning with the 'entire con
tents. "The fire originated, from, an ex
plosion of gasoline, whioh was bein* u*ed
in cleaning operation*
Handsome Residence Burned.
with wings. Mrs! Harrison's plans, as
worked out by F. D. Owen, an architect
connected with CoJonel Bingham'B office,
comprise, two new buildings like the old
one. but placed at right angles thereto
and connected by colonnades or wings.
The modeh to be shown at the White
House will include only these connecting
wings added to the White House as it now
appears. The larger buildings can be add
ed at a later date whenever Congress sees
fit. The connecting wings will be com
plete In themselves until such future irn-
Charles Turville, Philadelphia, and
Louis Gimm, Pittsturg.
T. C. Colgan, Trenton, and Dicker
eon, .
Burns Pierce, Boston, and Archie Mc-
Eachern, Toronto.
The Lawson brothers, John and Gus,
sent their entry in very late and did not
start. Fritschka and Linsrenfelter. the
German team; Maresca and Sassard, the
Italian team, and Nlkoden and Hoffman,
the Berlin team, failed to qualify and
were not allowed to start.
8peed will be the shief factor in the
raca, fcr among the men are Harry Elkea,
tho world's middle-distance champion;
Stinson, who recently rode more than
forty miles in an hour; Floyd McFarland.
tho handicap king-, and Jean Gougoltz,
the swift Frenchman.
To offset these men's brilliant rushes to
the front the slower ones will have to use
all the generalship at their command and
during the week tnero will be many an in
teresting moment. A man . who falls - is
lost, for the pace probably will never drop
below fourteen or fifteen miles an hour.
8hortlv after the start the men showed
6p»«d. The first lap was made with Bikes
in the lead, followed by Stlnson, Miller,
Aronson, Gougoltz, Dubois and Turville,
in . the order named, with the rest well
bunched. With the enthusiasm at its
height Gougoltz on the seventh lap broko
into a wild sprint and gained thirty feev
on Elkes. The latter and Stlnson by a
spurt caught up with him, but Gougolta
had the lead to. the end of the first mile"
which he made in 2:29 3-5. The score at 2
Albert and Blaecker ....49.9
Kikes and McFarland 49.2
Slmar and GouboIus 49.3
Pierce and McEachern ,.. ..49.3
Babcock and Aronson .'. 49.1
Waller and Stlnson 49.1
Milter and Walthour ...: .' ; 49.1
Turville and Gimm ....49.1
Frederick and Fisher 43.1
Cuigan and Dlckerson 45.1
Dubols and Krebs ..49
Kiser ' and Ryser 49
Muller and Accoutror .'. 49
McLean and McLean. 49
SAYS U.NJLTED STATES IS
ARRAYED AGAINST ETTBOPE
tention to the Growth of This
Country. ,
National Zeitong at Berlin Calls At-
BERLIN, Dec. 9.— The National Zeltung
devotes its first page to-day to a carefully
prepared editorial dealing: with the United
States as a world power. After pointing
out the enormous progress, economically
and politically, of America In the world's
affairs, the editorial declares that in both
respects the United States la arrayed
against Europe. ¦ £&£&£$& ' .
Big Blaze at San Di«gt>.
SAN DIEGO. Dec, 9.— Fire to-day com
pletely gutted the People's Store, of .which
J. Epstein is proprietor. "The loss is esti
mated at $15,000, with $10,000 insurance.
The cause of the fire is unknown.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 9.— An ex
panded White House propor
tionate to the needs of an ex
panded republic will, it is safe
to predict, be one of the mon
uments left by the National Capital Cen
tennial that occurs Wednesday, December
12. A new movement to improve the Pres
ldentical abode has been closely linked
with the centennial enterprise almost
from its start.
Congress offered its first encouragement
last May by appropriating 1 $5000 for the
Every citizen of the United States will
be a part owner of the enlarged White
House. Hence every American will await
the exhibition of Colonel Bineham's mod
els with interest. It embodies the present
White House, unaltered and standing out
In conspicuous relief. Colonel Bingham
combines his original ideas with Mrs. Har
rison's scheme for an enlarged mansion.
at the Capitol, will draw vivid contrasts
between the capital city of 1S00 and that
of 1500. the nation of a century ago and
that of to-day, to emphasize the fact that
the Presidency has outgrown its oineial
headquarters.
AS THE REAR OF THE NEW WHITE HOUSE WOULD APPEAR. THE CENTER OVER WHICH THE FLAG 13
FLYING IS THE PRESENT STRUCTURE, THE WINGS AND CONSERVATORY BEING THE PROPOSED
ADDITION'S? REPRODUCED-FROM LADIES' HOME JOURNAL.
The disappearance of Tewksbury ereat
e<1 a. sensation in Wall street, -where it was
P'-neraily believed he was wealthy and
:hat his brokerage methods were legiti
mate.
At the recuest of this woman, who
knows the broker personally, her name is
withheld. When as=ked if she had seen
T* ¦rtCBbmr in the City of Mexico she re
plied that fhe had visited his store there
a tew weeks aco and had seen the broker
both at the store and at several private
functions.
JCEW YORK, r>ec. 11— The World has
The following: I> wis G. Tcwksbury.
Ft<->ck broker, horseman and man abviut
town, who disappeared from his offices at
22 Broadxray on June 29 last, leaving
creditor* vainly looking: for sums esti
mated at SSOSjOM intrusted to his care, is
Going a ihr:\:nK business in the City of
Mexico. «rbcre he is living in opulence un
¦ n :,.-.- umed name and enjoying the
friendship of high officials of the republic
of Mexico. . , .
\ few weeks after he vanished from
New York Tev.kebury leased for five
r> a store nearly opposite the Banca
Americana, on the Calle de San Francisco.
In the DMMt advantapfous section of the
Cttjr oi Mexico. This he fitted up in most
magr.'.Scent style. The World corre-
Bposde&t reports ;hat the place has no
? fj-jal In the republic. The discover)- that
TVwksbury is- Urtog prosperously in the
Mexican capital •was verified to-day by a
w?H known Now York woman.
Missing New York Broker
Prospsrs in the Repub
lic's Capital.
TEWKSBURY NOW
LIVES IN MEXICO
"With all these results clearly Indicated
by the experiment as thus far tried." says
the Postmaster General, "rural free de
livery is plainly here to stay."
Of the twenty-one millions of people
scattered over one million square miles of
territory and to whose doors It Is the task
of the Government to arrange to carry
the mails through rural free delivery.
Postmaster General Smith says that by
the end of the current fiscal year one
sixth of them shall have be«n served and
forty-three hundred routes In operation.
The net annual cost of a complete rural
free delivery system is estimated at $13,
7T2.224. On this point the report says:
"It will hardly be disputed that the
great result of carrying the postoffice to
every home. If it can be accomplished at
such comparatively small cost, is an ob
ject well worth undertaking:.
"This duty is emphasized and enforced
when we consider some other phases of
the postal question. In my lost annual
report it was shown that if a class of pub
lications which now under an evasion of
the purposes of the law pay the second
class rate of postage were really made to
pay the third class rate, as they ought
to do. it would bring an additional rev
enue to, the Government of $12,343 612 The
cost to the Government of this abuse is
almost exactly equivalent to the estimated
cost of broad national rural free delivery,
and If Jt is a question between favoring
a very limited number of publishers and
favoring twenty-one million of people
who live on the farms of the United
States there ought to be no hesitation In
serving the many rather than the few.
The abuse should be uprooted as a public
duty; national delivery service should be
undertaken as a public policy, and when
through the overthrow of the wrong, the
right can be established, without the
slightest additional burden the appeal be
comes irresistible."
Rural free delivers-, the report says, has
proved to be "the most salient, significant
and fax-reaching feature of postal devel
opment. Besides swelling the postal re
ceipts, the value of farms are enhanced
through the necessity for good roads and
the opportunity afforded the farmers to
keep abreast of the times by being put in
closer commux:lcation with the outside
world. The isolation and monotony which
have been the bane of country life are sen
sibly mitipated through the effect of rural
free delivery in placing the farm within
daily range of the intellectual and com
mercial activity of the world. The farmer
is also given cause to feel that he shares
the governmental advantages of ihe
townsman, which stimulates his IoyaJty
and patriotism.
The estimated postal revenue for the
fiscal year ending June 30. 1902, is $116,-
EBjMS. and the estimated exi>enditures
$121.27S,C4'.'. leaving a probable deficiency
of $4,634,o07.
Tne deticit for the year 1S99-1M0 is
shown to be $1^25,0^8 less than the pre
vious year.
Ordinary postal revenues. 5100.899.433; re
ceipts from money order business, J1.455,-
Ii5. Total receipts from all sources, $102,
£54,579; total expenditures for the year,
$lu7 : 74U,267. Kxcess of expenditures over
receipts, S5.S&5.«>i>S.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 9.— Postmaster
General Charles Emory Smith has sub
mitted his annual report to the President.
In It the linancial operations of the depart
ment lor the hist nscal year are shown
briefly in the following statement of rev- I
eiiues and expenditures: }
Loss This Year Less by
Over a Million Than
Last Year.
LESSENING OF
POSTAL DEFICIT
GREATER WHITE. HOUSE AS IT WILL APPEAR IF PLANS 'PREVAIL.
LONDON, Dec 10.—"Reliable advices i
rrotn Manila, show that the position of the '
to«tetti is becoming tacrSrtngly hope-;
iess." saye th^ Hongkong correspondent:
sf the Daily Mail. "Money is freely sub-
scribed to purchase arms and ammunition ;
bat ar» inrv-teo 1 for tho insurants The '
. _7 impc.tea lor me insur teenis. me ,
Americans will never capture the real ,
rontraband running vessels. While in or- !
fler to flatter the official view that trade I
s ficmrlshlng gootis are permitted to be |
freely Imported to Manila, they are dis- j
ir*.but«?d from that polt-t to the insurgents, j
who are murdering and pillaging all na- ;
tlve sympathizers with the Americans." '
MANILA. Dec 9.—While the captures
of supplies and the occupation of new
points are quite num tpus, these engage- '
m«*it« Involve actual S;rhting of the com- ;
paratlvcly few. Apparently the insurgents .
are failing back at all contested points. ¦
sacrif.tir.K their possessions In most cases ! i
and satisfied to save themselves. A de- ': j
(arhment of the Forty-inventh United ¦ j
Slates Volunteer Infantry from the island j j
of Oatanduar.es, off the' southeast coast
of Luzon, relinquished an attempt to land
near Pandin. On anchoring the Ameri
cans were fired u»,x»n by riflemen, and
after a short engagement they cut the
anchor chain and Failed for Catanduanes,
with two killed and two wounded. The
names bave not yet been received here.
Captain R. T. Ellis of the Thirty-third
Volunteer Infantry captured In the moun
tains rear Barhar a larpe quantity of
Krag. Mauser and Remington ammuni
tion, together with a signal outlH. a print-
Ing pre*s and other equipment. All of
this was destroyed.
Thirty rilles and several hundred car
' trtdg^s'were secured at Victoria.
A detachment of the Fourth Infantry
captured ilajor G.'irion and three officers
of lower rank in the town of Pasav. An
other detachment destroyed General
1 I'pul's camp. The enemy had fled, but
' the- American? ?ufcpequently rounded up
twenty-five insurgents.
General MacArthur has approved the
: death Fentences passed upon several ad- !
• ditional persons convicted of murder, ar- j
¦ son ajid pillage. In a few other instances •
i h" ban commuted dt-atli yentences to im- j
prisonment.
British Correspondent Paints a Gloomy
Picture of the Situation in the
Philippines.
SAYS AMERICANS ARE
MAKING NO HEADWAY
r£LE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1900.
Models in Miniature - of the Proposed New Residence of the
President Are to Be Exhibited During v the Celebration
of the Centennial at the National Capital Next Wednesday.
GREATER WHITE HOUSE PLANS
MAY SOON REAGH REALIZATION
3
ADVEKTTSESIEirTS.
r^iJrr* 1 (
F) " s^*-*-j? f
"DIHIH6-R00M I
EXTENSION TABLE. .
Nicely r^'iK-ed ar.d finished la '
poidea cak; r.sj= tented legs. Top,
<:x<2: ler^th. 6 feet.
SFfcUAL PRICES FOR THE
\ KCLIDAYS. \\
COMPLETE HOrSEFURN'ISHIXO I
A SPECIAL,TT. f
Fr« dellverj- within 206 miles on t
; %Zl worth and ov»r. M
OABH OR CREDIT. f*
S BRILLIANT'S 8
* aS.S-34O-342 POST ST. V
t VtMT Powell st. Open Evenings. I
CURE
Wb«n yrpt Mtmyon »r> i:li RHECKiTlPM
CL'KE W.I1 cure rhevma.tfcxn there Isn't acy
r»*c*work tbaut :t— there lin"t *njr fale« state-
merit about it. It limply cure*, it doe§ ;««t rx-
mjctir what b« ear* It will flo. It oures mor*
ccvckly thrn peopl* expect. It cures without
leavlsr ar-r Ul affecta. Jt !a a aplendid ¦totn-
icfc and serre tonic, a* well aa a positive cur*
for rfeessuUitm.
All tb* Mucyon remedies are Just as reliabl*.
Ary drurfTt ?Bc vtaL The Guide to Health It
fr*«, •= i* tn«£lcal advie* It you writ* to Broad>
¦ra* aofi 8Ctn «t-. K«w Tot*"
_ <i m
3 visrr OR- -JORDAN'S qreat
Imuseuh of anatomy
6 £31 issim3zsTsx.t*.ftim.2j.cd.
W QT Tb« l^TKI Ajwteaical Mmenm ia tfce
jk JWi, WoXd. »u£KtH» or *->jr contracted
* j! *¦ _ ~j!*> <Jucm* f>e«ltl"^l7 e«r»dhjribeold9»t
S. P-3L1I bfCXMtt a. tit O**. Fjt3*yafcrt
/• £W%£?J 0a.^W2A.H-?PrV&Tc0!SE«:ES
** fc^rSyi^ Cc»«olt»t»a fr«« tnd sirury print-. \
> f i2fB Tnitaw-i pcr»on»l.jf or by l«t<-r Aj
/£ f>"t»(3 Ainre t^cincTet) O'tuiulrraken. T
A * ,1 US. Wm*farBoec.rBH-©«oe«w»f A
01 rf IT S&a«I*fi'f MUUO frBJUL U»
A A ih ••'»«•>'• booH tot araj X
T DJO. JOBDAX A CO.. 10E1 Market BU.8. F. 7
V^4*fir' l *SA^SfwVQ r»medj for GoaorrhcRa,
%dEP?Tpr^a Gleet, fiponnatorrhaa,
f«£W m* "7S££«. Hob. • rltauon or nlc-r»-
tloa f ° ocoo « °5°-
lf^l-,rtiii.rLTiii'iiri brant*. *iOD-a*mnfeni.
%3LS "»r PS «.ufcri>™toa.
\§s£ e B.L. ZiM ioT • M>ct in pUin w^ vv Ti
SNjgJ^^V^ B »¦_ -uiir sent en rejuutf.
Hi PSSSS
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Casa«
perfect direction, complete absorption and
j *»:thful resularttr.
For the cure of all disorders of th« Btomaeh.
LJrer. Bowels. Kidney*. Bladder. Female Ir-
r»rularltle*. tick Headache. Bllloosneas. Con-
tt'petton. Pile* and all derancetnents of th*
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Drug-gists, or
t> aaa BAOWAT ft CO.. Ktw York. !
Tin •.*.
en dollar s\aits
and, overcoats
Our stronghold has always been on $1000
suits and overcoats. It's our particular hobby. For
years we sold good values for $10 00 — now we are
selling ever better ones, as the clothes are union-
made. That means that the making is first class,
and, as you know, much depends upon the. making
For $10.00 we have blue and black full-weight
serges, fancy cheviots, worsteds and oxford grays,
wSll lined and correctly tailored— serviceable—
durable—sty lish— guaranteed.
The ten-dollar overcoats are cheviots in black,
blue and oxford gray in stylish winter lengths;
good farmer .satin lining; artistically cut and well
finished.
Boys' Vestee Suits
Vestee suits for boys from $ to 8 years old;
made of Scotch cheviot material in checks, stripes
and solid blues ; vestees in "single and. double
breasted fancy patterns, with or without separable
shield; good values, in fact worth $^.oo; sale P rice
Baseball outfit free with every boy's suit or overceit.
Covert cloth automobile coats, mtdo to order for little
girls from 3 to I3*years of age, for $10.00.
Santa Claus is on the second floor of our store waiting
to give the little folks some candy.
Out-of-town orders fitted— write us.
718 market Street*Several of our Eastern exchanges have noted a
movement of the rural population of the older States
to localities that offer better inducements for farmers.
The Southern States are making . earnest efforts to
attract these thrifty and enterprising men., Charleston
has arranged jor an exposition to draw their attention
to the advanages offered in South Carolina",' and At
lanta is making plans for another to follow closely
upon' that at Charleston. Such efforts on the part of
the South show that the emigration movement is suf
ficiently large to be worth, bidding for.. .California, it
appears, is to have her share of- it. The coming dec
ade jmay therefore bring about an increase of popula
tion that will form one of the notable features of the
next census. " ---,- ' .'..'..-'- •••• '"«--'"
Of course^ not all of those who come to us will be
visitors only;)iaving no other object than that of pass
ing«a pleasant season. Many of them will be capital
ists seeking investments, youngimen looking for- a
p'acc in whkh to establish themselves in business,'
and men of middle age and moderate means searching'
for a suitable place in which to make a home for them-,
selves and their families. • • '¦¦:'¦
REPORTS from the East are to the effect that
we are* likely to have a larger number of tour
ists and pleasure seekers in the State this winter
than ever before. Railway officials are said to be pre
dicting a bigger westbound passenger traffic than has
yet been known in transcontinental travel. The roads
are reported to be already feeling the pressure of the
coming business, and as soon as the holidays are over
it is expected there will be something like a rush of
people from the frozen East' to enjoy the delights of
a Californian winter. -":- 4
OUR COMING VISITORS.
The Supervisors still have their heads together over
that stubborn and unsolved problem of pavements.
If these pavements were only of that old Scotch va
riety of wood the worthy gentlemen would not have
to keep their heads together long.
more tne announcement comes from Wash
ington that everybody, is willing. that the Nicaragua
Canal should be constructed. This appears to be the
only concession indicating progress which has been
made in the project infyears v .
The Oakland woman who won a husband through
an advertisement and is now seeking a divorce should
be thoroughly qualifiedto speak feelingly on the/fail
ure of marriage on the correspondence plan
PATRONIZE HOME INDUSTRIES.
/"~» HRISTMAS season, with its universal shop
(^ ping, affords the people of California a good
j 7^ opportunity, to help home production by giving
a liberal- patronage to California goods. We*ought to
-send out of the State at this season thousands of holi
.day gifts that will carry abroad evidences of the in
finite variety of our resources and the artistic skill
of our workers. . . .
It would be well if shopkeepers would assist the
public in this matter by giving ¦ California goods a
conspicuous place among the articles * displayed 10
attract attention. Much could be done in that way to
build rp a market for our artists and artisans, and in
the end the merchants themselves would derive a
benefit from the increased trade in such goods.
-The, sde_ of a single Christmas novelty . in itself
would not atnount to much, but in the aggregate such
sales run,uip to a' considerable sum; and it is just is
well to keep that money at home as. to send it abroad.
Moreover when an industry is well supported it
grows in magnitude, so by , the purchase of , home
gcods we will not only retain the money in the State;
but will enable many of the industries now compara
tively small to develop. to such an extent as to.furnish
Coronado, , Coronado. Cal.," this -winter .with a
Jolly houseful, an expert golf tournament,' meet
ing of field trials club, hunting, fishing, boat
ing, dancing, etc.
I A GAY SEASON Is prom!««4 ' at Hotel del
$53,400,000. m '-*»"?¦
A torpedo transport is building at Co
penhagen for the Danish navy. The ves
sel is 142 feet in length. 25 feet beam and
displaces 3&9 tons «on a. mean draught of
9 feet 2 inches. The engines are of COO
horsepower, to give a speed. of 12 knots,
and the boilers are of the Babcock & Wil
cox type. j
The Earl of Selborne, who has succeed
ed Mr. Goshen as First Lord of the Ad
miralty, is said to be the opposite in many
respects to his predecessor. He is not
wedded to old traditions and is disposed
to recognize the Justice of the claims of
the engineer officers, that received scant
attention from Mr. Goshen.
The smallest armored vessel in any navy
Is the French* sea-going torpedo-boat
Audacieux, now well on her way to China.
The boat has a displacement of 152 tons,
engines of 4200 horsepower and a speed of
20 knots. She carries an armor belt in
wake of the machinery of sufficient thick
ness to keep out shells of less weight than
six-pounders. , &Vh'"
The Japanese armored cruiser Idzumo,
9800 tons and 18^ knots speed, was handed
over to the Japanese crew by the Elswlck
builders on September 25, and sailed for
Japan, November 2. The Idzumo was
launched September 18. 1899. and it took
only about thirty months to build and de
liver the ship. t fevij
The Italian armored cruiser Guiseppe
Garibaldi, of 7398 tons, built at the works
of Ansaldo at Sestri Ponente, has passed
through her acceptance trials. Under
natural draught the engines developed
10,000 horsepower, or 1006 over the contract,
and under forced draught the horsepower
was 15,000, exceeding the contract by 1500.
¦ .The Russian cruiser Bojavin, launched
last September from the yard of j Bur
meister & "Wain, Copenhagen, Is the
fourth vessel built by that firm for the
Russian navy. T^ie cruiser Is of. 3200 tons,
11,500 horsepower and 22 knots speed. ; The
date of delivery is contracted for March,
1902.' and the vessel is well ahead for a
much earlier delivery
; The engine trial of the Russian battle
ship Nicola t I on October 30 last turned
out an absolute failure, as . only 5000
horsepower was developed, where 8000 was
expected. The ship was launched In 188S,
and it was determined recently to replace
'the old... /wornout • boilers with ;' ; sixteen
* • •
The naval budget of Norway for 1901
amounts to $1,228,500 and that of Sweden
Is $6,140,000, while Russia's foots up to
A submarine. boat invented by a Mr.
Howard of Tasmania is to be tested by
the British Admiralty. £
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS.
>Hles Herald.
Hon. Alden Anderson of Suisun Solano
County, who was Soeaker of the last
California Assembly, is this year a can
didate for the same position and wilj
doubtless be chosen. He made an excel
lent presiding officer last session and the
experience then gained will bo a great
advantage In the next session.
PRAISES ANDERSON.
Belleville boilers, and the blunder was
made In making the heating surface too
limited. Instead of allowing at least 2.5
square feet of heating surface to each
horsepower there appears to be only prac
tically 1.65 square feet. It Is an expensive
blunder, necessitating taking out tho
whole lot of boilers and replacing them
with larger ones or return to the use of
the box-boiler type.
* * • .
The. German Emperor has Issued a cir
cular minutely prescribing the ceremonies
attending the launch of a war vessel at a
German yard. The Emperor names the
person who Is to christen the ship. A
guard of honor of one company selected
from a regiment Is to be present with col
ors and a band. The guard will present
arms and the band will play the national
hymn when the ship begins to move and
three cheers are to be given when the ves
sel enters the water. If the Emperor Is
present a Balute of twenty-one guns Is to
be given. All army and navy officers and
deputations of administrative bodies not
otherwise engaged are to be present; the
orders, decorations and dress are regu
lated and the manner In which they are to
act is likewise minutely prescribed.
• • - •
It is rumored, according to the London
Engineer, that the discovery has been
made that some, if not all, of the Belle
isle's armor is only cast j iron and. not
wrought iron, as commonly assumed. The
fractures of certain plates were identical
with those of cast iron, and the late gun
nery experiment would therefore appear
to be of no value whatever. The ship was
originally built for,the Turkish navy, for
which' anything would be good enough,
and the' ship was subsequently turned
over to England for the sum of Jl.200,000,
and she adorned the navy list for over
•.twenty years under the false pretense of
being an armored coast defense ship. The
Orion, a sister ship to the Bellelsle, was
also purchased about twenty years ago
and is still on the active navy list, and
coming from the same yard as. the Belle
isle an Investigation would probably re
veal . cast. Iron armor . plates' in her as In
the otber ship.
Lieutenant F. Rose of VaJleJo Is a guest
at the Occidental.
Dr. A. M. F. McCullougrh of Lo» Ange
les Is at the Grand.
Frank Wlgrgrlns of Los Angeles is regis
tered at the Palace.
Leo Meyers, the Brooklyn horseman. la
registered at the Grand.
H. N. Mclntosh. the Chicago fnnt
packer. Is at the Palace.
S. Hartmann, the Merced merchant, is
among the guests at the Grand.
E. C. Merrltt, a well-known Insurance
man of Santa Rosa. Is at the California,
M. P. Snyder, Mayor-elect of Los An
geles, Is among the arrivals at tho Pal
ace.
William A. Pinkerton. one of the hearts
of the Pinkerton Detective Aeancy, is
here from Chicago and Is . registered at
tha Palace. » '•-•'• -:
PERSONAL MENTION.
Senator Morgan's statement "I am ready to vote for
anything that will give us the canal" expresses the
popular sentiment. It is a display of the right spirit.
By that statement .Senator Morgan puts himself
in line with a great majority of the American people
and shows himself to be a practical statesman. The
desire of the country is to have the canal constructed
at once. There have been already too many and too
long delays in the enterprise. Since the President
and his advisers, after a full review of the subject and
with all the facts before them, believe the interests of
this country are fully conserved by the treaty, and the
construction of the canal can be best promoted by'its
adoption, why should the Senate interpose and'pre
vent the prompt undertaking .pf the work?
In reply Senator Morgan said: "I still stand by
that report. It is the duty of this Government to
abrogate that treaty, and if it were abrogated we could
build this canal as we pleased without any fear of
interference^ by Great Britain. Bur the administration
believes it best to ratify this treaty, which, while it
relieves the 6bjectionable features of the former treaty,
still recognizes We binding force of that convention.
I am, in short, ready to vote for anything that will
give us the canal." . V^-—
Having read that extract, the speaker turned to
Senator Morgan and asked him how he could recon
cile that report with his present stand in favor of rati
fying the Hay- Pauncefote treaty. ;
THE RIGHT SPIRIT.
SENATOR TELLER in opposing the Hay-
Pauncefote treaty providing for the construc
tion of the Nicaragua Canal quoted from a re
port submitted to the Senate in 1891 and signed by
Edmunds, Evarts, Frye and Morgan, declaring the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty to be obsolete, and saying:
"In view of all these conditions the committee is" of
the opinion the United States is at present under no
obligations measured either by the terms of the con
vention, the principles of public law or good. morals,
to restrain from promoting, .in any way that it may
deem best for its interests, the construction of this
canal, without regard to anything contained in the
convenion of 1850." ' . - -
If the expected award of three battleships to the
Union Iron Works and the proposal of the fruit
growers to form a gigantic combine to take in all the
fruit interests of the State under one roof be excepted,
local trade has been featureless during the, past week.
There has been a pronounced ad%-ance in mutton and
veal, owing to scarcity, and all livestock is reported
in limited supply at the high prices. The other staples
have strengthened or weakened in "ympathy with the
consumptive market? in the East, but (/ with the ex
ception of the advance of four cents per gallon in
wine, the fluctuations have been small. Farm products
as a rule continue quiet, as usual at this time of the
year, and merchandise is meeting with its usual sea
sonal demand. Otherwise there , is nothing new to
report, nor is anything expected until after the turn
of the year. : . .
The distributive trade of the country continues
fair, being dull in the Eastern Slate?, good "in the
Southern and Pacific States and improving in the
Northwest. The staples show little variation.- ''Iron
and steel, as before ; ;Tnentioncd, are less active as far
as new orders are concerned, but the different works
report future orders enough to keep them employed
for several months yet. so there is no anxretyon this
score. Hides. are easier, though the ranpe in prices
is still higher than it >vns se\/ral months ago. . Cotton
is unsettled, pending the forthcoming Government re
port, and the market is hampered by the failure of
manufactured goods to advance to a parity with the
raw material Wool is unusually dull, and sales are
less than half of those at the corresponding period-last
year. The shoe trade continues in good "tone, with
jobbers purchasing steadily at the recent advance.
Wheat has been unsettled during the week, improving
one day only to fall back the next A good feature
is the improving demand for flour, which has been
dull for some time.
• —
THERE was not much character to business last
week, the markets being quiet and in the main j
featureless. The bank clearings of the country
gamed 15.3 per cent. over the same week in 1899, and
most of the leading cities showed an increase, the
exceptions being Chicago, Boston and Minneapolis.
]':ttsburg. which has lately been leading in these
ciearings, fell to a small increase of 5.2 per cent, indi- j
csting a slackening of! in the iron and steel trades.
The failures for the' week were 287, against 221 for
the same week last year.
There are other indications of the proximity of the
holiday dull spell, which comes along every year,
without regard to the intrinsic state of trade. Trading
in Wall street exhibited a further falling off, as the
public were no longer perceptible as buyers, and even
the professionals contracted their operations. The
tendency in prices was downward, particularly in the
industrials. The redeeming feature of the street is
the extensive and steady dem.ind for first-class bonds,
not for speculation but permanent, in vestment. The
January disbursements for dividends are expected to
be the largest ever known, and already there is a dis
position to reinvest the major part of these dividends.
This demand has resulted in a scarcity of gilt-edged
bonds and stoclcs. ani^the inquiry is now largely Tor
a second range of securities.
TRADE QUIETER AND FEATURELESS.
It will be seen that Uncle Sam has placed the super
vision of his farms in excellent hands. The work is
not only well done but is improving with the years.
It is a fat Christmas for farmers.
During the fiscal years 1897-1900 'our. total sales of do
mestic farm products to foreign countries aggregated
the enormous sum of $3.1?!S,000.000, an excess of $*30 ,000,000
over the preceding four-year period. The agricultural
exports of the United States 1 for the past fiscal year
amounted to $544,000,000. The rapid growth of our export
trade to the Orient in recent years- is most striking.
Five years ago our total shipments of domestic .mer
chandise to Asia and Oceania weje valued at $43,000,000,
] of which only ?9,7O0,O0O were agricultural. There has
¦ been a steady increase in each succeeding year, until in
1900 our export trade with the Orient amounted to $107,
,.000,000, of which $30,000,000 worth was farm produce.
Cheering reports arc made of an increasing public
interest in the movement for constructing better high
ways, and the department is giving all the help it can
to the good work. The office of experiment stations
reports considerable success attained in experimenting
v. ith gardens and small farms in Alaska, but says "it
is admitted Alaska can never become an agricultural
country." . « . „ .
Finally the section of foreign markets shows us
what we can do in the way of finding consumers for
our, augmenting production by reporting:;
The total requests for worklnp plans at the close of
the' year exceeded 5O,OOO.(HV> acres,' of which two and a
half millions were private land. Personal examinations
were made of forty-eight tracts in fourteen States,
covering nearly POO.OCm) acres, plans were actually pre
pared for 200,009 aores and iiO ,00ft acres were put under
management. Tree-planting plans were made for fifty
nine applicants. ,
The division of forestry work announces that the
relations between the division and .the lumbermen
and'tree planters of the country have become closer
than ever before. , It is added:
Since Texas has made that much improvement- in
her range pasturage, surely other States and Terri
tories where cattle grazing is a large industry would
do well to follow he^ example. .
As a result of experiments in Texas, the grazing: of
pastures has been so much improved that; where three
years ago they were estimated as capable of supporting
one bteer to sixteen acres they will now maintain in
Rood condition one steer to eipht acres, a gain of 100 per
cent. • "¦¦ - . • > '. ". •
Reports of the drvrstons of "botany, seed' and' plant
irtroduction, vegetable physiology and pathology,
and pomology follow, but, contain no. salient features
of special interest.' Then comes this report' from the
division of agrostology, which is pertinent to the dis
cussion. of the question of lea'sing'the ranges:
.'Most satisfactory reports are received from California
as the result of the entomolopleaV work in the Introduc
tion of the insect v.-hlch fertilizes the Smyrna fig. In one
locality more than six tons of Smyrna flgrs have been
produced. The result .will-be '-to make America a grand
competitor In the fig. trade of the world's -markets.; An
Important parasite has_be.en_mtr°du£ed JQ..Pre.y.\ippp y^e
olive scale, so injurious to the olive growers of Califor
nia. From Natal a fungous disease has been introduced
by which injurious swarms of locusts have, been de
stroyed. Efforts have .been made to introduce European
parasites of the gypsy moth. . : '•;'
, A summary of the report of the Secretary in charge
of the department will, on account of the variety of
the subjects referred to, appear very much like a series
of extracts from a scrap book. Thus it begins with,
an announcement that the Weather Bureau is. experi
menting in wireless telegraphy and that already mes
sages have been transmitted accurately over a distance
of sixty miles. Next follows the report of the bureau
of animal industry, showing the work done in the
way of inspecting meats offered for food and the pre
vention of diseases among all kinds of livestock. The
division of chemistry records a continuance of the
work of investigating food adulteration and an
nounces: "The meat of the horse has been examined
for the discovery of a method whereby it may be
detected when sold under another name" ; it is added:
"Very little of it^eerns to be sold in' .the United
States, whether under its own or any other name."
The division of entomology makes this 'statement,
which is of interest to our fruit-growers: : ¦ / , /
FROM even the most cursory review of the an
nual report of the United States Department of
Agriculture the reader will perceive that the
range of the activities of that department of the Gov
ernment is'one of sufficient magnitude to tax the best
efforts of statesmen of the, highest capacity. In addi
tion to agriculture proper the department has in
charge many other fields of labor, varying from that
of the Weather. Bureau to that of the conservation of
forests, and including the inspection of foodstuffs and
the- promotion of highway improvement.
PROGRESS IN AGRICULTURE.
MONDAY DECEMBER 10, 1900
'JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. :
Address All Communication* to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
>! AXAc;EIt'S> OFFICE Trtephonr *l55^L?~*
1 IBLICATIOX OFFICE... SlarUet and Third. S. F.
Telephone Pren -01.
EDlTOltlAL ROOMS 21 " ««» 221 Slertnimo St.
Telephone Pi-ens 202.
mitvrrrd \rr Carrl«r«. 1R Ontu Per Weelc
Mnclr ("oiilr». B Cent*.
Terras by Mnll. Inclndlnjc Pontnieei
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), cm year V>-^
PAILT CALL (Including Sunday). 6 months ••<*>
r>AILY C.AXI, <lncludlngEunaay). I month*.. - 1-f'
DAILT CALL— By Single Month - * oC
fclNDAY CALU One Tear -— 1M
"WEEKLY CALL. One- Tear 10 °
All poMiuaMor- «r*> nnlhoriied to receive
¦ aborriptloni.
Sample copte» will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscriber* in ordering chanee of address should t«
r«rUcuIar to rl^e both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
io lnsurs a. prompt «j»1 correct compliance with the! * request.
« AKLAM> OFFICE HIS Broadway
C". flKORGK KUOO'ESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building. Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 261J.")
XEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
*J. C CARLTO\ Her«Jd S«narf
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX B. SMITH 30 Tribune BnUdlnjr
ICE-W TORK XEVS PTAND8:
wi:aerf-Artori» Hotel; A. Brentuno. 31 Cclon Square:
Murray Hill HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sbmntn House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
FremoEt House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASIllXCTON (D. C.\ OFFICE 14O6 f. St.. S. W.
MORTON E. CRAVE, Corrfupondfnt.
I1R..1ACH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, comer of Clay, open
cctil *:S0 o" clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:S0 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open pntil »:M o'clock. 613 Larkln. open until
*:SC o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. ~t\ Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until » o'clock. 109S Valencia, open
until » o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twerty-second and Kentucky, open until 3 o'clock, ¦
LET'S all get ready for a bit of scan
dal. It appears that the fractious
father of an altogether fascinating
belle has gone and got married
without to much as notifying his
daughter — not considering the usual neces
sity of getting his child's permission.
And that i3 not the most of it. Papa
married his stepdaughter's maid. The
wedding came off about a month ago in
the Garden City, and ever since the cap
tain and his bride have been honeymoon
ing. ¦
Of course, this Is a delicious bit to gos
sip about.. But I'm truly sorry for Helen.
Just imagine having a stepmother that
you were wont to address as Ellen ' and
order summarily about. And. then, here
is another problem. What relation to step
daughter Lily is step-papa's wife?
* * * . •
Things are being rapidly put into
shape for the" great vaudeville show to be
given at the Ames home shortly after
Christmas. Such a show as there is to be,
and such talent! Why, it's enough to'throw
the "$1000 per" variety folks into a state
of deep bottle-green fnvy. Norma Preston
and Worthy Ames are going to give a
sketch written expressly for them and
which is to be done afterward at 'a local
playhouse. It is a snappy, saucy bit of a
play and is bound to create a furor. It Is
called "The Kleptomaniac," ~is' full of
bright squibs and telling situations, be
sides having a "curtain" that will make
every blessed son of woman in the audi
ence jealous of the lucky hero.. In the
manuscript the directions are, "He folds
her in his arms." "Her" is pretty Xnraia
Preston. Isn't that enough to make any
man "envious?
But-, I tell, you, the honors are not all
going to Norma. Worthy Ames has as
tonished us all by his splendid - work at
rehearsals, and we are predicting great
things for him.' ' •«>. »
Another feature of the show is to" be the
orchestra. Every one of the musically in
clinfld are being pressed into service, and
the overture is to be something immense.
, I am astonished that more jolly girls
don't get : up -vaudeville shows. If the
great times the "talent" have at the re
hearsals for the Ames affair were gener
ally, known I stand ready to wager there
would be any amount of society shows
a,ndr circuses right through the season.
:'"-,'- ' • • •
.Mrs." Salisbury is a marvel. On Friday
night at^her first fortnightly there were
at least forty more men than girls. Such
a'-wonder was "never known to have oc
curred, before, and it quite took away
the breath of "the older girls. The de
butantes/'though, accepted it as quite a
matter of . course. Lucky young things!
May they always find just that same state
of affairs at" every' dance they attend.
,\. Tho "kids" were out in full force, but.
then, a dance is the only time when one
readily sees why "kids" are cultivated.
v I understand that this year's Fortnlght-
Jy.has the largest membership the club
has ever known. Something I believe lik£
250 season tickets have been issued.
1 There.. is always a good time coming to
one. at the. Fortnightly, and now with the
crush we have every right to expect, "I'll
see you at the next dance." set for De
cember 21. And -I don't want to forget to
tell you that Therese Morgan and Flor
ence Josselyn on that occasion are to lead.
¦ .- f *
.Mrs. Joe Tobin had it all her own way
at the doll show. She examined each doll
carefully and every one she approved of
was immediately decorated with a blue
or red ribbon. Mrs. Tobin has opinions on
dress j and } her friends respect them. I
heard her gay at the show, "I don't like
that sleeve," and the doll with the sleeve
Mrs, Joe dUln't like got the pverlook. I
have been told that the fortunate dress
maker that enJoyB Mrs. Tobln's custom
is onto' one-half of the power that turns
out tfiose wondrous creations. The dress
maker.'Just does the mechanical part of
the' .work. Mrs. Tobin is the creative
mind that is accountable for the style
and happy touches that make a gown.
A clubman told me tne other day that
he hoped Mrs.' Tobin would never go to
Paris.
"She would be stared at to death," ho
said. "That long, graceful neck, her slim
waist and elegant figure — the form divine
— every French fashion plate proclaims to
be the proper thing. They would be writ
ing poems to her and it would be a safe
wager that before she was twenty-four
hours in the gay city they would have the
Tobln stays on the market."
I didn't think the dolls at this year's
show began to compare with those of
years gone by. I mean, of course, the
model dolls. But I do think that the sale
able dolls and the raffle dolls and the
doll-house were Just the cutest ever. And
didn't they do a land office business with
the dolls to be raffled. One of the pret
tiest dolls— I .believe it was the Clarence
Master Mann bisque baby— was won by
pretty Aileen Mclntosh. Alleen. who has
often been declared even more beautiful
than her beautiful sister, Genevleve Goad
Martin, has given up social life altogether
and is devoting herself to her babie3. The
same with her sister, Ella Hooker. It
seems hard to believe it, but it is an in
disputable fact that Mrs. Hooker and Mrs.
Mclntosh have no thoughts save for
their homes and their families.
• . • •
I've seen a man who has so much money
that he himself being of sane mind and
healthy condition publicly declares that
he "don't know what to do with it." The
man in this awful, still interesting plight,
is Kytka~ the writing expert. I saw him
up at the Bohemian painting exihibita,
where he was buying up any amount of
the pictures on sale. But no one paid
much attention to Kytka; all eyes were
for the portrait of Therese Morgan and
one of Addie Murphy and her elster. Ethel
Blddle. I like the Murphy portrait better
than the one of Therese. The painter has
flattered both Addle and Ethel, but
Therese— he has not even been kind tc
her. In two things, though, he has done
her wondrous Justice. His skillful brush
has caught her warm, delicate coloring
and faithfully reproduced what is per
haps the most elegant gown that has ever
been worn in this city.
• • e
To-morrow Mrs. George A. Marti
(Clara Hamilton) will be at home at hoi
new Jackson -street house. Thi3 la Clara's
first try at the social duties of a matron
and we all know she is going to do her
self proud.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin had her first Fri
day last week, and her gorgeous rooms
were Just crowded with young: people.
Mrs. Martin will bo again "at home" this
Friday.
SOCIETY: THE SAD SIDE OF A BIT OF
DELICIOUS SCANDAL.
BY SALLY SHARP.
Municipal reform of one kind and*another is now
a demand in every part of the civilized world. An old
city like London is as eager in the work of improve
ment as a new city like Chicago. Indeed, throughout
the entire English-speaking world it has not yet been
determined what constitutes the true scope of munici
pal administration. In the newly organized govern
ment of London, with its twenty-eight "town coun
cils," it has been noted that some of them are so
socialistic/they will supply their boroughs with munici
pal lighting plants, waterworks, tramcars and houses
for workingmen; while others are so much opposed
to anything in the way of communism they will not
even maintain a free public library.
. With such radical differences of .opinion in the com
ponent-parts of a city whose population is virtually
of one race and whose mutual traditions run back for
a thousand years, it is clear there will be in the nature
of things wide divergences in the development of dif
ferent cities in California if each be permitted full
freedom of action. Consequently, whatever brings
the representatives of these diverging views together
for an exchange of ideas and a comparison of experi
ence* in the actual operation of laws and regulation*
will be of benefit to all. The League of Municipalities
has therefore a great work to do in the history of the
State and the public may be congratulated upon the
Kood start the league has made.
From such discussions much benefit may be ex
pected. The problems of municipal administration
are complex because the development of the mod
em city is processing along an infinite variety of
lines. City government is ho longer the simple thing
it was in the days of our grandfathers,- or even of our
fathers. Civilized man is demanding more and more
of his community. The kind of streets, sewers, parks,
schools and lighting that would have pleased men of
fifty years ago would now be denounced as relics of
barbarism. The gratification of each' need of civilized
life. at once raises another need, and municipal work
rot only augments in magnitude but increases in
'variety and scope. . V
It will be noted the programme is devoted exclu
sively to issues of practical administration, and that
many of the subjects are of immediate interest to' Cal
ifornia cities and towns. In each case, moreover, the
papers are to be read by men who have had experience
in the management of municipal affairs; and have a
personal knowledge of the subject with which they
deal. The result will be that the convention will be
something like an experience meeting. There will
be comparatively little in the way of theory and much
in the way of information derived from observation
and practice.
The programme includes a report of special com
rmttee on municipal accounting,' report of special com
n.ittee appointed to frame a street improvement act,
report of committee on legislation, consideration of
needed legislation in the interest of municipalities,
problems connected with street lighting, the practical
working of the new charter in San Francisco, oil for
streets and for fuel, hints for clerks, trees^for streets,
municipal concerts, water supply for San Francisco,
street cleaning by hand labor, tests to determine the
value of rock for street purposes; and it is announced
that at some time during the convention a representa
tive from each city will be called on to state, \vhat his
city has;done during the year. ' %b J\
CALIFORNIA municipalities will hold the third
annual. convention of their league at Pioneer
Hall in this city beginning December 12. The
convention promises to be one of the most important
locs-1 gatherings of the season and will doubtless be
well attended by representatives from all progressive
cities and towns in the State.
CALIFORNIA MUNICIPALITIES.
So for all those reasons let us try to make this as
much of a California Christmas as we can. Let m
scatter far and wide the beautiful products of our
State and send something of California's "brighness
and sweetness to all the 'friends we have in every part
of the world. -- W^ i; -V- >:¦
"..We all wish Christmas to be a good time for every
body, arid we should exert some 'effort 'to make.- it
good fof our own people, our neighbors and our
friends. We can do that by showing a right apprecia
tion of the work' they accomplish, and by aiding them
in making that work known in other States and other
lands. ' '.-' .-¦-. «\».-'-'"j ;.<.'-.'-¦;
articles for export and thus augment the general in
come. /,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1900
MISS ISABELiiE PRKSTOX, "WHOSE WEDDING TO LEX D. OWENS
ON WEDNESDAY WILL, BE THE FIRST BIG SWELL EVENT OF
THE SOCIAL. SEASON.
•In the merry war in which. some of our local and
learned doctors have involved ' themselves it . is * safe
to say that the distinguished gentlemen" have , become
much more confidential with the, public than ever they
were with their patients. "*
4
Townsend's California glace frulta. 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
KB Market street. Palace Hotel bulldtnj •
Special Information supplied dally to
bualneM bous«« and pnbUo men by the
Weea clipping Bureau (Allen's*. ilO Moat.
fcumery at. 'l'elepbone Main 1041. •
The United States contaJns nearly
6.000,000 separate farm*. .
IT WAS THE BOUTS IN 40!
It Is the Bouts To-Day, and Will Ba
For All Time to Come.
L*dlea and children traveling without eacort
appreciate tha advantage of a solid reatlbuled
train Ilk* "The Orerlaad limited." running
through from Ban Francisco to Chicago, with-
out Chang*. Hi LESS THAN THREE DATS.
Learlxir San Francisco dally at 10 a. m.. rta
Central Pacific. Union Pacific and Chicago and
Northwestern railways.
Some men are like needles— they never
do any wcrk unless they are'nard pushed.
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.'
Choice candles, Townsend'3, Palace Hotel. •
By Sullivan i- Pcyle— On Wednesday, at 11 A. M.. at 227
Sixth *tre«t. Horses. j
By B. P. O\\\ er — Wednesday, December 12, at 12 o'clock,
Real "Estate, at.'223 Suiter street.
By Km. O. Layne— Wednesday evening, December 12, at
7:iS o'clock. Thoroughbred Yearling*, at "21 Howard street.
AUCTION SA I.KS.
, • AJHXTSEMENTS.
4 , _^_— —
• GranS Opera-hwiB*— "Maa't Enemey."
Alcazai — "Madame Butterfly."
Columbia— ••The Fortune Teller."
Tlvoli— "A Jolly Slasketwr." •
Alhnmbra— "A Hot Old Time."
California— "A Bell Boy."
Or^heuny— Vaudeville.
Olyrnpi*. corner Mafin and BOdy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zpo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
FiFcher" 6— Vaudeville. ____^____^__
The way to be fat and well
is Scott's emulsion of cod-liver
oil: A little: only a little.
Not any, if healthy and plump '
alreadv;- "let ; well enough
' We'll Mmd yon a little to try if yon !T«.
SCOTT & BOWNE, 409 Pearl »trs«t, New York.
Apart from being entirely
healthy or not quite well, a fat
one has much reserve of vital
strength to resist any sudden
attack, while the lean one has
little or no reserve.
That is, babies: fat, they are
happy and safe; lean, they are
neither happy nor safe.
FAT AND LEAN
ADVEBTISKKLENTS. /The new bill which opens at the Chutes
to-day includes the Franks, sketch art
ists; A. M. Powers, monologist: Harry
Walton, Chinese, impersonator; Nathalie
The comedy Innovation at Fischer's has
proved a successful move. Coghill and
Cooper's comedians appear this week in
"All Mixed," said to be fully as amusing
as last week's 'Green-Eyed Monster."
Hal Davis and Inez Macauley in a time
ly playlet, "One Christmas Eve," are
among the Orpheum's stars for the week.
"The Harmony Four," and Ahem and
Patrick are other new names, and Pa
trice, the Pantzer trio and Robertus and
Wllfredo are among the hold-overs.
One of the prettiest things in town now
is "Madame Butterfly." at the Alcazar
Theater, with Juliet Crosby In the name
role. The little play is daintily given,
charmingly staged and is attracting an
increasing interest nightly. "Pygmalion
and Galatea." with Lila Conrere as Gala
tea, will precede "Madame Butterfly" In
this Its second week of presentation.
"The Jolly Musketeer" is in its fourth
and last week of a quito successful run at
the Tivoli. "Cinderella," a sumptuous
Christmas spectacle, with a big d«ublo
company, will succeed "The Jolly Muske
teer," beginning next week.
Fortune Teller." The performances, bo
ginning to-night with the latter, will alter
nate during the week.
.Frederick Wai do in "The King's Jester"
will follow Miss Nielsen and her company.
Some Ancient Specialties Intermingled With Clever Songs and
Impersonations— Last Week of "The Jolly Musketeer."
CALIFORNIA PACKED TO DOORS
BY THE FARCE "A BELL BOY"
He Suddenly Disappears From Seat
tle and Is Now Supposed
to Be In Vic
toria, i
Mrs. Lathrop, number three, pretty and
demure, arrived in this city yesterday
from Seattle bent on learning 1 the facts
in connection with the issuance of a war
rant for the arrest of her husband, James
SI. Lathrop, for bigamy. Mrs. Lathrop
married the man whom she claims 'as her
lawful husband about eight months ago.
He was an insurance agent and shortly
after they were married he took her to
Seattle, Intending to make that city his
home. On learning 1 that Lathrop had an
other wife, who, on learning of his du
plicity, had sworn to a complaint charging
him with bigamy, she demanded an ex
planation from her husband. He em
phatically denied that he was a bigamist,
but claimed that prior to meeting wife
number three he was given to understand
tliat his two previous wives had died. Dis
satisfied with his explanation, Mrs.
Lathrop communicated with her parents,
who live In this city, with the result that
she was told not to lose any time in
coming here. She arrived yesterday morn
ing and after consulting with her yarcnts
at once repaired to police headquarters.
Of Captain of Detectives Seymour the
heartbroken -woman demanded to know If
her husband was guilty of the crime
chuiged against him.
"If «he is," she declared, "I want to see
him punished." ¦
Mra. Lathrop further said that before
leavlnp Seattle her husband promised to
fellow her on the next train bound for this
city. To her he vigorously, protested his
Innocence and declared that he would be
able to clear himself of the charge as
soon a* he reached San Francisco.
Afic-r being- shown the warrant, which
was issued at the request of wife number
two, v:ho Is now living at Salinas. Mrs.
Lathrop, presumably convinced of her
husband's perfidy, agreed to accompany
Detective George McMahon to the Sev
enteenth-street station. Oakland, and
point out her husband, who was expected
to arrive on the evening train. On the
arrival of the tr^ln Mrs. Lathrop, accom
panied by the detective and her sister,
went through the cars, but failed to find
the alleged bigamist. The police believe
that Lathrop, after seeing that his wife
was aboard the train, which was bound
for. this city, broke his promise to follow
her ana packing his grip quietly left Se
attle. It Is now believed that he is in Vic
toria, British' Columbia, and that he
crossed the border as soon as his wile
started on her trip to this city. She keenly
feels his failure to follow her, but believes
that he will be able to prove Wb Innocence
as soon as he is brought back and the
case against him Is heard.
Lathrop's defense Is that, while he was
married three times, he firmly believed
that two of his wives had died before he
married the present _pne.
Captain Seymour has communicated
with the authorities at Victoria, asking
them to arrest Lathrop and hold him,
pending the arrival of an ¦ officer from
here. ,
Says. He Is Not a Bigamist
and Demands a Thorough
Investigation.
LATHROF'S WIFE
STILL BELIEVES
HIM INNOCENT
TWO LEADING LADIES WHO ARE CONTRIBUTING LARGELY TO
THE ENTERTAINMENT OF THEATER-GOERS AT THE CALIFOR
NIA AND ALCAZAR RESPECTIVELY.
Be Sure and Attend
The fTeateat assignee sale of clothing.
I will sell to-morrow men's genuine worsl
ted rults that cost (15 for (5 85; also 450
covert cloth- men's suits, /worth $20 for
%S 90. Come one. come all, to th© Boston
775 v Market: street, near Fourth. P. c*
P. Berta. who conducts a wine and
liquor store at 829 Montgomery street, on
returning: to his place of business yester
day morning found that his safe had been
opened during; the preceding night and JSO
In gold abstracted. Suspecting one of his
employes, a young man named Peter
Turrl,.he asked the police to arrest him
Last night Turrl was found In a house at
1516 Powell street and taken Into custody
Money equaling the sum stolen was found
In his possession.
Accuses Employe of Theft.
And the dally household cares demand a mild
tonic for the housewife and mother M ALT
NUTK1NE is best and easiest taken. Made by
the Anheuser-Buach Brewing- Ass'n. That as
sures Its merit. Sold by all druggist*.
Motherhood
Colonel George W.' Bauer. Captain II. de H
Walte, Professor M. \Y. Haskell lieutenant
Colonel CH -Murphy. NO. C; Professor Ed
mund O Jselll, Major Millar, N O C • Pro
fessor W. D. Armes, Colonel H. W. Gi'bbons
Professor A. Putzker. Lieutenant Colonel H.
S. Robinson. Professor T. Soule, Lieutenant
Colonel M. R. Gibbon", Professor W. B Magee
Lieutenant Colonel ,C. A. Son. Professor C*
Cory. Major D. Dolman. Professor I Strine
ham. Major Brewer, Professor W. B Rising
Captain William Jurgens. Professor W A
Setchell, Captain F. Denicke. James Sutton'
Captain J. Millar, J. N. Le Conte. Captain T
Kelley, John Mitch^l, Professor 8. B. Criaty
Captain L. Hutchinson, Captain O Dibble
Captain J. V. de Laveaga. Captain R. Logan!
Captain B. L. Quayle, Lieutenant J. McGee,
Lieutenant TV. FP Neiman, Lieutenant O F
Rhlnehardt. Lieutenant J. D. Hatch. Lieuten
ant S. Bargentlsh. Lieutenant ' E. P. Ooodyear
and Lieutenant J. C. ¦Xlcholls.
At the close of the banquet it was de
cided to give a military ball and recep
tion next February at the Mark Hopkins
The following named members were
present at the banquet:
The Alumni Commissioned Officers* As
sociation of the University of California
held a banauet last Saturday evening at
the Spreckels Rotlsserle. Colonel George
W. Bauer acted as toastmaster. During
the evening a report was read of a review
of the university cadets, which report will
«®v. se ? 1 on T to Pr esident Benjamin Ide
•Wheeler. It -states that Colonel Bauer
at the invitation of Captain H. de H.
\\ aite, accompanied by his staff wit
nessed a-review of the cadets on Decem
ber 3. The regiment was found In a high
state ol efficiency, something unusual for
this time of the year.
University Graduates Find
Much to Commend in
CADETS PBAISED
BY THE ALUMNI
About five hundred worshipers assem
bled yesterday morning at a hall at 23
Hartford street and witnessed the Rev.
Father J. P. McQuaMe celebrate the nist
mass in the new parish of the Holy Re
deemer.
From a bare and coid looking hall the
place haul been transformed into a hand
some and cozy temporary cnapei througn
the efforts of the energetic young pas
tor. A handsome white altar had been
erected, the floor was occupied with plain
and yet substantial benches capable of
accommodating more than four hundred
people, and on" the wails were hung neut
pictures depicting the stages of the cross.
At 10 o'clock, the time appointed for the
celebration of the mass, every seat in th*
chapel had been taken and numbers were
standing in the aisles. His Grace Arch
bishop Riordan was present and was at
tended by the Rev. Father Mulligan.
During the sacrament the Rev. Father
Connolly arrived and took a seat in the
sanctuary.
The mass was said by the Rev. Father
McQuaide. who was invested in a violet
cope, the color prescribed by the church
for the second Sunday in Advent. . Thre«».
lads acted as acolytes on the altar. Hia
Grace the Archbishop made an address.
He eaid in part:
You have a grand opportunity to build up a
great parish. We should not think of the present
but should look forward. We should feel that
when we are dead we shall leave behind a
great parish and a handsome church as a fruit
of our labors, that will stand ever as a last
ing monument. We should all of us do our
very best with this end in view. God requires
u» to do our best and no more. The old parish
has grown too large, hence the organization of
this new one. The pastor of his flock should be
known not only as a priest that you eee every
Sunday at the altar, but as a man that is
well acquainted with you all and welcomed
Into every Catholic home as a true friend. I
think I have not been mistaken In the selec
tion of the priest that is to be your pastor. I
think that he has a large and loving heart and
that he is tilled with xeal for his work.
Tours will be known as the parish of the
Holy Redemeer. It is not named after a saint,
but after the king of saints, our Lord Jesus
Christ. Thin umall seed that is sown to-day
will. I hope, grow Into a large and vigorous
tree. I appeal to your seal and generosity. It
Is an easy task to accomplish anything when
we go at It In the right way. I hope that a
year from now you will be worshiping In a
new and handsome church that will be &
credit to our holy faith. •
The city Is rapidly growing. Parishes, small
a few years ago. are now large. We must make
preparations for our children. "When we pass
away to another world will it not be good for
the children to «ay: "Our parents ehowed rare
discretion and wonderful forethought in erect-
Ing these beautiful churches for us to wor
ship in?"
Our church Is steadfast and ' ts the same
one that was instituted by our blessed Lord
1900 years ago. Other religions may hare
changes, but ours has stood steadfast. There
fore we should bow down In gratitude that we
are members of the faith and take pride . In
our possession. ¦ ; ,
From now oa masses wlllb* said every
Parishioners Worship in the
Temporary Chapel of
Holj Redeemer.
FIRST SERVICE IS
LARGELY ATTENDED
Rev. Michael Smith, father superior of
the Paulist order on this coast, visited
the City and County Alnoshouse yester
day morning at 8 o'clock and celebrated
high mass for the benefit of the several
hundred inmates of that institution. It
was the most important the Almshouse
chapel has known for several years. A.
large number of San Francisco and Oak
land people went out to hear Father
Smith and a choir from the city eave
their services. Father Smith said In
part:
We are now, as you are very - well aware,
dear brethren, in that season of preparation
which we call Advent, and our minds are
directed by the holy church during these four
weeks to the coming • of our Lord — not simply
to his one coming, but to all his comings. That
is to say, we devoutly recall how the Omnipo
tent God, he who is the infinite, put himself
within bounds; We recall hov he who is the
eternal, the ancient. of days, for us men and
for our salvation, became a child of time: how
he, who is all blessed, whom there Is no change
or shadow of vicissitude, for our sake* came In
our suffering humanity. So the holy church
In these few weeks ! wishes us to dwell over
that blessed coming, of Jesus Christ, son of
God, son of Mary, who, for us i and for our
Balvation, came down to our natures and lived
in this. world wtth us.
We are also to recall another coming, when
this same son of God and son of Mary, from
the clouds of Heaven ¦with pomp and majesty,
preceded and accompanied and followed by mlU
lions of angels, shall oome to ludge.the quick
and the dead. That, too, the holy church wants
us to look forward to.'
There are other comings:- the coming of our
blessed Bavior who has given himself to us In
the sacrament. by which we can corns to him;
ho comes to us in the peace of devotion; and he
dwell* with us so that we may say, : "My be-
Joved" to him and he to us.
After . the . service* Superintendent ' and
Mrs. Reddy save I an elaborate breakfast
for Father Smith and a number of. other
High Mass at Almshouse.
The attributes of God which are moat fully
displayed In' his works are his power and his
holiness. His greatest work In the order of
grace 'was the incarnation of his divine eon.
and for this he made fitting preparation by
choosing out a human being who should be the
Instrument of his. visible presence, the free
agent and co-operator In his design. This was
the Virgin Mary. _•*
Quite outside the authority of his church,
which proclaims the truth that Mary was con
ceived sinless, there are reasons of fitness for
It. which appeal to our minds. God fian owe
nothing to any of his creations, but he does
owe it to himself, that his agents, his repre
sentatives should be possessed of those quali
ties of mind and body that will enable them
to discharge his work and thereof becomingly.
God owed It to his own power that there
should be one specimen at least of his primal
beneficence In creating mankind. Otherwise we
should be obliged to eay that the malice of the
evil one had thwarted and spoiled his plan.
God owes It to his own holiness that she from
whom he was to derive his second beinjt should
be sinless. "For what convention hath Christ
with Belial, or what part hath light with dark
ness."
The preacher then sketched the growth of
the t>ellef In the church which culminated in a
dogmatic declaration In 1S34 by Plus IX. Ha
urged his hearers to be proud of this privilege
of their heavenly mother and endeavor to imi
tate her purity.
The Rev. Father M: P. Smith, father
superior of the Paulist order in. this city,
preached the sermon at the 11 o'clock
mass at the Holy Cress Church yester
day. The reverend father addressed the
congregation on "The Immaculate Con
ception." He said in part:
tion" as His Subject.
He Takes "The Immaculate Concep-
day at 8 o'clock at the chapel. On Sun
days there will be masses at 8 and, 10
a. m. and benediction in the evening- at
7:30.
?
FATHER SMITH AT HOLY CROSS.
de Angeles and the little Japanes Princess
Doris, in coon fongs; the Jacksons, Violet
Johnston and new moving pictures.
LAST nipht the California Theater
was packed to the doors= to hear
John M. Welch in the "Jingling
jolliner," "A Be.. Boy." pven for
the first tine here. There is no
particular raison d'etre for "A Bell Roy"—
a farce on the order of the Hoyt farces.
with Hoyt left out. The specialties have ,
an ancient and time-honored air. the- sonps
and dances axe familiar to weariness, with
the two exception? of those ?ui;p by a
clever Hebrew impersonator. L. J. Har
vey. and a couple of coon "shout?" piven
with excellent effect by Tom Morpe.
though one of these latter is only new
through its cleverness of rendering.
John J. Welch ir. the name role did well
enough with his uncrateful mateiiil. I>.
: J. Harvey had better opportunity as the
Hebrew, I?y Blotsky. and does a ciever
turn. Miss Bessie Marlowe, the leatiintr
lady, looks a pretty 1 aisy Byrd. an
actress, anrl acts in fairly satisfactory
fashion. Madie Wensley, Mabel Casedy.
Miss Allen and Elizabeth and Anna Young
undertake the remaining roles.
The next week's attraction will be Ben
Hendricks as Ole Olson, with the "Xa
tional Swedish Ladles' Quartet" as spe
j cial feature.
• • •
The many admirers of Alice Nielsen and
1 Victor Herbert will be glad of the further
¦ opportunity offered by the little favorite
I for a second hearing of tho two Herbert
| onerafi which form Miss Nielsen's r-^er
j toire for the present visit. "The Singing
Girl" and "The Fortune Teller", have both
crowded the Columbia Theater during the
: past two weeks, and it is difficult to say
which has been more enjoyei. Perhaps the
pretty prima donna is better heard in
"The Singing Girl," and her excellent sup
porting cast— including Mr. Cowles— have
happier opportunity on the whole in "The
I will here add an explanation: Before we
secured some Ko.OOO from a building and loan
association for buildlnp jiurjioses the associa
tion ex&cted a l-ersonal bond from each indi
vidual member cf the trustees of the college
puaranteeing; the monthly payment of principal
end lmerert on the lo*n for five year*. TSi»
monthly rum. with other necessary expenses
f>>r e^uirmer.rs and running expenses, agere
rat"J a iinnUV i l1i1« amount of money, the col
i^tir.s and disbursinj? of which should have
t**Ti il-vne with Drud<*nce and according to the i
u^usl business, methods.
Htm ;t was discovered that Dr. Andersen
deivsit«-d the college money in his own name,
ar.d ¦ah* r. Y* refused t°} depo?it It In the name
of the co1!<*e*>, it was my duty as president cf
the school to correct such a ?V'*s irregularity,
ar.d rry failure to d""> so prompted my resigna
tion. The future the sch r >ol was problemati
cal ar.d U iJr. Andersons untimely tak'.ng off
had ur.o:pectedly occurred when the college
money wes :n bank in his name no cne •oriih
less acumen than I>r. HoJghead could distin
guish which was Dr. AnJerson's dollar and
which was a «;Ileg:e dollar.
l;r. Hodphead may call me all the ATilffar
ra:;.<-.« at h!s '-omrcand. but th<^y will not refute
the charges ir.ade.
I may tie all and worse than they say of me,
but thai d'>es not remove the Inferential and
logical motive of I>r. Anderson in roakir.R Fuch
a of the college fur.ds. nor does it
prove a lick of personal interest en the part
«<r Ma <l"for.ders. J. R- L.AINEL
Their letter* are the equivalent of an ex
chance of certificates of character and are ap
propriate for the pun*-** tot which they are
intended, but they might i.i the Interest of
public moral* have been detained in quaran
tine the utuaJ length of time to disinfect the
obviocs vulgarities which diytinR-uish them. 1
am glstd Dr. Andtrfon takes ba^-ic what he raid
about Dr. Hodghead. 1 never did believe more
than half of it. although L>r. Anderson's story
»'a» Quite circun;s*.antiai about his coiiiB to
Eurcpe ar.i leaving hie affairs in Dr. Hogs
head's hands ar.d returning t» find all the
money collected spent and his affair* in a con
glomerated state of lugubrious bowwow*.
if desied by Dr. Hod^head I am perfectly will
ing to believe it one of Dr. Anderaiwi's fairy
tales. It seen* Quite common for him to claim
meretricious uses of those with wbooi he is
associated.
Pertape Anderson did loan the college some
Bioney. I K^Jjly do not remember It, though
It m*y be so. If he did loan the college 114*0.
tfid he take It out of the college money in the
bank or c:d he get it from other source? ,
I did not Iaan tae college any money, and If
1 had to crive a reason why, I would relate
tfce excuse given by the old fellow who spat
4 - over h:s b**ni and ehlrt front while play
tng poker. "Why dida'i you ten your head
to sjit?" asked his wife. "Not while I played
with those feilcws," replied tne old man, who,
like myself, did very w*;i to ret out even.
It !* net pertinent to the point at issue to
b*at tomtoms, call names, froth at the mouh
• r.i work into a St of irresponsible hysterics
In order to plead guilty, or not guilty, of bav
lr*£ deposited the college money In the bank
as private money.
Editor cf The Call: I have read Dr. Hoar
head" s buiz-Fiv letter ani another chapter of
"Dr. Anderson's Chronic Dcr.ial of Accusa
tions."
Dr. P. A. Hodghead entered the lists
with & communication in yesterday's
Call in defer.s* cf Dr. Winslow Anderson.
He did not rnince xrords and he made
some recommendations to his colleague
that could not well be acted upon with
dignity. Dr. Laine returns to the com
bp.t with the following communication:
The conflict among the members and ex
rr.embvrs of the faculty of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons shows no signs
of abatement. The bombardment of re
spective strongholds toes on. and spirited
defense incites to renewed attack.
Asserts That Calling Him Harsh
Names Does Not Refute the
Charges Against Dr.
Anderson.
Dr. Laine Replies Spiritedly
to Dr. D. A. Hodghead's
Asperities.
PHYSICIANS' WAR
SHOWS NO SIGN
OF ABATEMENT
THE SAN FRA&CISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1900.
5
_ _ - . ADVEBTISEICENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
tlEBENBAUH
*y& CO.**
222-224 SUTTER ST.
OPEN EVENINGS.
¦ *
JUST IN—
French Glace Fruit,
German Cervelat (Mettwurst),
Filet of Ham,
Truffle Liver and Goose Sausage,
Roll Herring,
French Prunes,
Wiesbaden Prunes,
Grenoble Walnuts, etc
CIGARS - See our window display
this week.
There is no more acceptable holt-
day gift to a gentleman than a box
of good Cigars. You will find them
at our store from $i to $35 per box.
We exchange any box should color
or style not suit, even if the box has
been broken.
LATEST EUROPEAN Tree dec-
orations, Bon Bons. Dinner Favor*
and fancy Candy Boxes in endless
varieties.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY
Sardines. French, res 10c 3 tins 25c
Imported — new stock
Family Scale, reg$2. 00 .
. With enameled dial and platform; to
weigh up to 24 lbs.
Jams & Jell'es, "Fure, " re* 25c, Jar 20c
1m. "L. & Co.'b home-made.
Claret.- a Good Wine, reg £0c, 35c gal
This may be the last chance to buy at
•ach low price, as wines hare advanced.
Chestnuts, Italian, reg 20c 15c Ib
This season's.
Dates, Fard, reg 15c 10c Ib
New Importation.
PERFUME. ' 'Victoria. " .&¦ fancy box 45c
Assorted odors, 1% oz. cut-Klaas bot-
tle?.
Face Powder, "Poudre de Riz,"40c box
Reg. 60c. A la Vlolette de Panne.
Roger Sc Gallet. - .
Prunes. Cal. reg 3 lbs 25c 4 lbs 25c
This season's fruit.
French Kntas, Trumpet Brand—
8 i i In. Ion? 5 In. 6 In. 7 In. 8 In.
R«S. ISc JOc. !5c 83c 40c.
¦ Now lOe 15e 20c 25c 30c
Toilet Paper, In packages 4 for 25c
Victor brand. Reg-. 8 for Be.
Toilet Paper, in roils 4 for 25c
Queen brand. Reg. 3 for 25c. '
' - ' *
Country orders solicited.
Ask for our 52 - page holiday
catalogue, free.
Watch Thursday's ad.
35 % OFF
PREMO & POCO CAMERAS.
23 °/ o OFF
SEED & CRAMER PLATES.
2O °A> OFF
EASTMAN KODAKS.
Oculists" prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main IX
-OPTICIAN5^ H0T^Pf APPAR * T w.
khoiui' Scientific
642MARKET 5t. Instruments
ur*DE« cMROMicn Bim.D:*&. Catalogue Fsjt.
Pq 1 r» nek These hotels oos-
X tXKXKjKJ scss -the attributes
, that tourists and
travelers appreciate
-—central location.
H-ranH Iiberal manaee-
Ul dllVi ment. modern ap-
T y ' 1 pointments and
HOtelS Perfect cuisine.
American and Eu-
San Francisco ropean plans.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF TH&
New Amsterdam Casualty
OF NEW YORK. TS THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st Oay of December, A. D.
1S&9, and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. >¦<: ¦
CAPITAI*.
Amount of Capital Stcck, paid up la
Cash gOO. 000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company.., J37S.00O 00
Cash In Company's Office 3,347 24
Cash In Banks 11,833 36
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 1.453 33
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 54.7*5 05
Total Assets. ;..t31S,964 95
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or In
Suspense $3,683 15-
Losses resisted. Including expenses... 2.373 00
Gross premiums on Risks running: one
year or less. J....; reinsurance 50
per cent...' 60.370 93
Gra?s premiums on Risks running
more than one -year, I....; reinsur-
ance pro rata {43 25
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc » 145 «7
Du« for reinsurance.. 3,507 SO
Total Liabilities 172.631 79
INCOME. ~ "
Net cash actually received for prem-
iums I111.J73 78
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from all
other sources 7,459 33
Total Income S11S.S33 17
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for Losses 120,781 10
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 39,891 44
Paid for 8alarles, Fees and other
chames for officers, clerks, etc 21.740 68
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes - J.0S7 T3
All other payments and expenditures.. 44.231 SS
Total Expenditures 113.512 73
EDWARD V. LOEW, President.
CHARLES T. HOPPER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 77th
day of January. 1900.
CHARLES EDGAR MILLS.
Commissioner for California.
E. FV GREENE,
GENERAL 'AGENT.
405 Montgomery St.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
PHONEMAIN 5O1S.
ffeiy ; M 11.00 Berleai
THE ONLY" REASON
Thero were not twenty thousand people in, tha
house last nlsrht was that the house isn't 1 bis
enough to hold them.
And the thousands that did set In roared at
JOHN -7V\. 1A/ELGH
And His Clever Company, la the Ringing
Success,
A BELL BOY
Next— "AYE BANE ATE GOOD FALLER."
"OLE OLSON."
GOOD GOODS in^OOD VAUDEVILLE
IXA.VTS AND MACATJLEY, HAR-
MONY FOTJE, SPENSER KELLY,
AEEEir AND PATBICK, PA-
TEICE AND COMPANY, BOB-
ERTUS AND WILFREDO, MAY
DE SOUSA, PANTZER TRIO,
GBEAT AMERICAN BIOGBAPH-
Reserved Seats. 23 cents: Balcony. 10 cents;
Opera Chairs and Box Seats, 50 cents.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
JtTST TO PASS TOE TIME AWAT.
FOURTH AND LAST WEEK OS"
THE JOLLY
MUSKETEER!
THE BEST COMIC' OPERA IJf TEARS.
Evenings at S Matinee Saturday *t t,
NEXT MONDAY we present
The Gorgeous Holiday Spectacle,
"CINDERELLA."
A FEAST OF FTX FOR IOCNO AJTD OLD.
POPULAR PRICES— 33 cents and 50 ces:».
Telephone Bush 9.
ALF ELLIXGHOCSE Prop, aad Manager
Phone South TK>
This Week — "Qood By" Performances
MATIXEE SATURDAT.
THE RAYS' HOWUXO SUCCESS
"A HOT OLD TIME"
John W. Jesa as Larry Mooney.
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
THE BOSTON LYRIC OPERA COMPANT.
80 PEOPLE «0
Presenting the Bright and Catchy Comic Oper*.
Sunday Night— "CARMEN" with
CALLAM ARIM and RUSSO, in conjunction
lOth ALFSSANDROM and the •
BOSTON LYRIC OPERA COMPANY.
3— CARMEN NIGHTS— 3.
Evening, 15c, ZSc, 85c. 50c and T5c Matlne*.
16c. 23c, 33c and 50c. Seats ready Thursday.
.f*f&! II&&I9RA SA-1 FHAICiSC-S
VULU IvlJOMl A L&CM THEATRE
LAST « NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
ALICE NIELSEN
And the ALICE NIELSEN OPERA CO.
Direction cf Frank L. Parley.
To-Nlght, Tuesday and Wednesday Nlzhts,
"THE FORTUNE TELLER."
By Herbert and Smith.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Nights and
Saturday Matlne*.
"THE SINGING GIRL."
By Herbert. Smith and Stands.
Next Monday— FREDERICK WARDE in
"THE DUKE- 3 JESTER."
TO-NIGHT BEGIN9 SECOND WEiOK: OF
The Remarkablo One- Act Play,'
MADAME JAPANESE
innumnij . tragedy,
BUTTERFLY. 1™ CO .
Preceded by OUhert's Comedy.
"PYGMALION AND GALATEA."
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA MOUSE
CROWDED ALL THE TIME*
MATIN'EE SATURDAT AND 8UNDAT.
ASSURES SUCCESS OF
- THE OLIVER-LESLIE CO.
THIS ETVEXD.Q.
First TIm« In This City of tha Great Es«!lsh
Melodrama.
MAN'S ENEMY!
First Appearance at This Theater of the Fa-
vorite Leading Actor.
WILLIAM BEACH.
Prices— 10c. ISc. 25c. 50c. A Few Front Row»
iryOrchestra, 73c. Matinees— 10c, 15c 13c. Wo.
ym Higher. Branch Ticket Offlc*. Eaaportma.
CHUTES^and ZOO
EYERY AFTERNOON AND BVENIXO.
A. M. TOWERS, TH K PBAITKS.
HARRY WALTON, NATHALIE
DE ANGELES, MB. AND MRS.
JACKSON. VIOLET JOHNSTON,
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Thnrsday Night, the Amatenir
IN A NEW FEATURE.
Telephone for Seats, Park 23.
; — _ , _
RACING ! RACING ! RACING !
1900— WINTER MEETING— 1301.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC. Sd to DEC. ISth. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
rive or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leava San Francisco at 12 m. aad
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2. S:30 and S p. m-. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to tha
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking- Buy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway: Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alaxneda mole con-
ned with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
sTO direct to the track in fifteen misutes.
Returning — Trains leave* the track at 4:13 aad
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President-
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
FISCHER'S CON A «SJ^ H S C USE -
COGILL AND COOPER'S COMEDIANS IN
"ALL MIXED'" "ALL MIXED!"
A HOST OF SPECIALTIES AND MUSICAL-
ACTS!
Reserved seats. Be. Matinees Sunday. -
Weak Men and' Women
SHOULD USB DAMU.VA BITTERS. TUB
(Teat Mexican remedy; rives health and
ftrtogth. to, kxu*; crsoij. Depot, £3 Marktt.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
...ATilTHt£...
"NO-PERCENTAGE,"
Tuesday,"? 1
Our Christmas Gift Day,
W« present fr*e to our rations on the
above flate an elesajit doll, 13 Inches long,
real kid bofly. s^nulne bisc head, with
every purchase cf EOc or over.
SEE THE DOLLS IN OUR SHOW
WINDOW.
EVERYBODY WELCOME.
§UM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEV
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
hav« been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures tht
went cases In old and young
arlting from effects cf self-
abuie. dissipation, excesses or
c'-jfarette-tmoklnif. Cures Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Loet
Power, Night Loetes, Intora-
tla. Pains la Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Ucfltnets to Mar-
ry. Let* of Semen, pmm V«.ricoc«le or Ccn-
rl!p*ilon. Etcp« I«e f^ g M rvoai T <rl tchlnr
cf EyelJde. Effects *Tjr,JT«* r e •«=«» efilate.
Itr.part vl#-or and ***=¦"* to every
fcBctlon. Don't grt Att pendent: a cure is at
h*.nd Bertores imall. undeveloped orraas.
£t!raulatee the brain and nerve craters; S0c a
box; C for 12 &0 by mail. A written sruaractee to
cure or racney refunded with e boxes. Circulars
free ' AWreti BIEHOF REMEDT CO.. 40 EUU
•t. Ean Franeiico. Cal.. GRANT DRUG CO..
tS and 4» Third st.
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
jgj»ti§€ovEmr
FOR THE
1 BB.OOD.LIVER.LUMGS.
1A/. T. HESa
K0T1KT FCBLIS alQ ATTORKEr-AT-LaW,
Teeth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Blig.
Telephone Brown SSL
Beeldeaee. ill California «t.. below Powell.
£an Francisco.
&CO. it j£gS.
(* J
SmSP&Q MARKET ST.Sf.SSpf
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Noveltfes in
Furniture I \
flii/tint unrt
(p^lM Designs for
l^^lj Christmas
([fl^TnO Gifts-
. &-*¦¦ House Desks
_ for Ladies,
te E=E Ifljj Music Cabinet3
<S ' I ji&yK. for Mnsical, ' (
f ?* Hi $T ' 50 '
I'J^Jii]// Couches for the '
§«g| b**' $10.00
L^SCS^^M Easy Chairs for the
jgggggjf Old Folks, S12
Indianapolis
FURNITURE CO.,
750 .Mission St.
¦ _ i
ONE PIIDCC
bottle Uunto
/ MCBURNEY'8
; CM iyW A thorough cmo lor
ff\ \C P*ins in the back,
Q. StS? BRIGHT'S DISEASE.
24 . rj \ female troubles, incon-
tmenceof urine, brick dnst deposits, bed*
wetting of children, gravel, gall stontt,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism.
. FOR BALE AT- —
DAHL.BENDER DRUG CO., 214 Ke»my it.,
AND AT
THE OWL DRUG CO., 1138 Market «t
Send 23c In tc stamps to "W. F. McBurney.
418 S. 8prinsr »t., Los Anjceles, Cal.. for 5
! days' treatment. Prepaid |l 50. Druggists.
DHJEYERS&CO. Jg9^
Specialists. Di»eaaa $a&
and weakness of fflc£
men. Established /KB ¦^SStf^Pr*
lSiL Consultation Wfft X3^\^r
and private ' book Vm P~^ O
free, at office or by nBtfiJ v£Sf J
mail. Cures guax- TaPftL -tfy****
anteed- 731 Mar- NS8»Hg«^mI
fcet street (elevator ji^^PMWff
#%¦ Istlsf^ £^H?.* R* 0 * W«ierprf'»r
111 III" Bmokeleea Powder, la bUk
1.1 IM\ tDd lMded la ¦ h «"«- 8«><1
¦ VI II IV MB for cat* 10 *™* of sportlnc
UUI 1 %J s?it^vv"««v«.
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For th. eon at GONORRHOEA. OLEBTS,
STRICTURES and analogous complalata ot tb.
Organs ol Oentrmtion,
Frlct P. ft botUi. For lilt tor flranfiiu. ¦KESWICK, Dec. 9.— Nela Nelson, fore
man of a bridge carpenter gang on the
Iron Mountain Railway, was fatally in
jured yesterday afternoon. He and James
Donahue were at work on a trestle, when
the scaffolding gave way. They fell forty
feet to the rocks below. Both of Nelson's
legs were broken and he received other
injuries, causing his death five hours later.
Donahue suffered fractures of both arms,
but will probably recover.
. PENNOROVE, Dec. 9.— The basalt pav
ing block industry, whlchjabout ten years
ago gave employment to hundreds ot-men
In this locality, Is at present undergoing
a decided boom, and it looks as If the
business will again reach its old-tirne
standard. About 50,000 blocks Which have
been piled on the railroad sidetrack here
for more than five years axe now being
shipped to San Francisco, having been
sold at the highest figure known for sev
eral years. There are fully a half-score ot
basalt quarries In this locality.
?
Killed by a Fall.
Good Demand for Basalt.
JEFFKIES WTLIiw FIGHT.
Agrees to Meet Fitz, Ruhlin or Shar-
key at Cincinnati.
NEW TORK. Dec. 9.— Herman J. Witte
of Cincinnati to-day saw James J. Jeffries
In this city relative to the boxing contest
which it Is proposed to pull off at Cincin
nati between February 1 and 14 next In
the big convention hall. Jeffries made an
agreement with Mr. Wltte to postpone all
his theatrical engagements after January
1 and to go into training. He told Mr.
"Witte that he would fight either Fitzsim
mons, Ruhlln or Sharkey, Fltzslmmons
preferred. If he cannot get a match with
Fltzslmmons he will fight Ruhlln, provid
ing the last named beats Maher in his
Phildelphia fight. If Maher gets the bet
ter of the, Philadelphia fight Jeffries will
not meet Ruhlln, but will then take on
Eharkey.
Mr. Wltte announced that the Cincinnati
people were ready to put up $5000, and
each one of the two fighters who appears
must put up $1500.
Sunday at Pleasure Places.
There was a superabundance of weather
and consequent small crowds at the park
and beach yesterday. No accidents wera
reported to the police. A crowd of pleas
ure^-seekers was entertained' by the many
features at the Chutes In and out of ths
theater. Following are the results of tha
contests at the Sutro Baths:
50-yard clash — H. Hercken first. A.
Heind second.
Under-water swimming contest— T. Sur
bun first, C. Augustus second.
Tub race — M. Rassman first, N. Jones
second. C. Rudder third.
100-yard, race— D. Meurman first, D.
Laurs second.
Springboard diving — C. Lungin first
prize. G. Miller second prize.
High divine— T. Sundberg first. W. Car
roll Becond. -mi. ¦
To-day at 10:30 the finals between F. J.
Lane and Merle Johnson will be played.
Johnson will allow Lane odds of 15
and 2-6.
The most exciting: match of tha day
was that between George- Whitney and
Grant Smith and Rob Whitney and J. A,
Code. The former team won the first set.
6—4, Rob "Whitney and Code the second.
6—2; Smith and G. Whitney the last, 7— I.
R. Erskine defeated Willett Sperry,
9—7; Walter McGavin defeated his son
Drummond, 6 — 3, 6—4; Professor Daily de
feated Robert Reid 6—4. 6—1; Dr. Philip
and Duval Moore played a tie, 3—6, 6—1;
Hodgklnson defeated Merle Johnson, 6-0,
9—7; James McKenzle defeated Allen,
6—0, 6—1. 6—1, 6-^3, 6—4; Young defeated
Sperry, 6—2. 6—2; Judge Troutt defeated
Judge Hunt In a close match, 6—4. 6—4;
Young defeated Judge Hunt, 6— 3; Allen
and McKenzle defeated Ersklne an.l
Charles Kueber, 6 — 3. 6 — 4; F. J. Lane and
Pendleton defeated Georgo Lane and But
ler. 6-2, 6-2. 6-5.
Many tennis enthusiasts were In at
tendance Saturday at the courts of the
California Club and many practice
matches were played.
testants for Club Honors!
Matches Are Played Between. Con-
Several Interesting and Exciting
TENNIS GAMES ON
CALrFORNIA COURTS
The third set was hotly contested and at
3-all Johnson took a spurt and won out.
In the fourth and last set Lane appeared
tired, while Johnson was perfectly fresh.
He was too steady for Lane, and -won,
6-4. The winner, will receive a suitable
prize.
forriia Club yesterday afternoon. Lane
received odds of '/J-SO. .
Lane started off with a rush and by
clever net work won the first set easily,
6-2. Johnson then changed his game and
hit the ball harder, putting many to
Lane's back hand and running to the net.
The second set was won by Johnson, 6-2.
Sunday, Dec 9.
Btmr. Pomona, Shea. Eureka. •.
SAILED.
Sunday. Dec. 9.
ftmr Samoa. Jacobs, 25 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Alex , Duncan, Guthrle, 20 hours from
Moss Landing. . ¦
8tmr CoquUle River, Thompsen, 52 hours from
Cooa Bay.
Stmr Qeorre Loomls. Bridgett, 81 hours from
Ventura. : ¦ * ;
Stmr Donlta, Nopander, 68 hours from New
port, etc. \ • ¦ . ;.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Jahnsen. 25 hours from
San Pedro. . . . • .... ;
"Stmr Queen. Thomas. *i hours from San
Dieeo and way ports.-
Nor 6tmr Tellus, Pederson, 90 hours from
Oyster Harbor. : v.
Schr Mary C. . Campbell, 8 hours from Bodega.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARIUVKD.
Her new hawsers are aboard and every
thing has been made snug. When she
makes her first spin on the bay the
chances axe that she will be under the
name Defiance. Then the Spreckels Com
pany will have the Relief, Fearless, De
flance. Reliance and Alert— five splendidly
eaulpped boats.
The work of loading the transports Lo
gan and Thomas went on yesterday. Both
vessels will carry large quantities of sup
pllos for Manila.
The transport Belgian King will not go
out apain for the Government. Instead
she will load a general cargo for the
Orient.- • •- -•¦'
NEWS of another disaster reached
the city yesterday. The German
four-masted bark Edmund wont
ashore at Santa Rosalia during
the recent irales and will proba
bly be a total loss. She was formerly the
Pritish ship Wilhelm Tell, but last year
was sold to Ilarnburs pirtitp and since
tnen has o*-en tra.iln* between Antwerp
and Central American ports. After dis
char£lr)eT a general cargo at Santa Rosalia
fh<? began taklnp In ballast In order to
con.e to this coast, where she was to load
nheat for Kurope.
According to dispatches received by the
underwriters the Edmund reached Santa
Rosalia or. October 17. After discharering
Captain Gerdau started taking in ballast
in order to make the run to Portland,
where he was to load for Cork. A south
easter catne up, and although all anchors
were let mo the vessel could not stand up
against the cale. 6hf dragged steadily
and finally went ashore, broadside on.
According to the dispatches she is resting
«anly. but the chances of getting her off
are very »lim. Ttiere are no tugs In the
vicinity, and the nearest port from which
&Fsj«taroe can be sent is San Francisco
or San Diego. As It would mean a fun
almost as fur as to Honolulu the chances
arc that the- vessel will be left to her fate.
The Edmund. ex-Wilhelm Tell, was
built In Leltb. England. In 1891. She was
The Epreckels' new tug Louis- Lucken
bach is nearly ready for her trial trips
Water Front Notes.
Captain Buhner, who hat^ been for sev
eral years In command of the revenue
cutters Golden Gate and Hartley, go«3
north to take the revenue cutter Rrchard
Rush. Captain Gushing will assume com
mand of the revenue cutters in the cus
tom* service at San Francisco.
Captain Wilson went out aa master of
tha South Portland last Saturday. Cap
tain Charles Hall, her former master, has
remained behind to take command of the
Argyle when she arrives from the Orient.
The Arsryle is at present a transport, but
has been purchased by San Francisco
parties and will be put in the coal trade.
Captain James Barneson, late of the
Manauense, coos out as one of the officers
of the new liner Sierra, He haa a host
of friends in Australia, all of whom will
hail his return with pleasure. ~
Captain Blair of the Alaska Commercial
Company took a new ship last night. He
lost the keys to his bachelor kingdom, and
sooner than break In the door he took a
room at a, hotel. To-day "Daddy" will
have a locksmith adjust matters.
2S14 tone net burden, 323 feet long, 47 feet
2 inches beam and 25 feet 2 inches deep,
bhe was a big carrier, and her maiden
voyage was to this port-
Changes of Captains.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Dec 9— Stmr Ken
sington, from New Tork, for Antwerp, and pro
ceeded. ¦
QUBBNSTOWN- Sailed Dec J-Stmr Umbria.
from Liverpool,, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 9— Stmr La Bre
tagne; stmr Graf Waldersee, from Hamburg,
Boulogne and Plymouth. : . .
MOVILLE— Arrived Deq 9— Stmr Anchoria.
from New Tork. for Glasgow, and proceeded.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GERMAN FOUR-MASTED BARK EDMUND PROBABLY A TOTAL LOSS
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, Bowens Landing.
Stmr South Portland, Wilson. Astoria,
Ktmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diegro.
Stmr George W. Elder. Randall. Astoria,
Stmr Mandalay. Reed, Coaullle River.
Stmr Empire. Macgpnn, Coos Bay. '
Br ship Fannie Kerr, Gibbons, Queenstown.
Bark Afcate, Bergman, Tacoma,
Fr bark Admiral Troude, Maco, Queenstown.
Fr bark Bourbakl. Lienormand, Queenstown.
Schr Gotama, Semsen. Cooa Bay.;
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec >-10 p. in.— Weather
cloudy, wind northwest, velocity 4 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
¦ SEATTLE— Sailed Deo 8— Stmr Al-Kl and
stmr Dolphin, for Skaguay. Arrived— Stmr Cot
tag-e City, from Skaguay.
EUREKA-Sailed Dec 8— Schr Esther Buhne,
fur : stmr Eureka, for San Francisco. '
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Dec 8— Ger ship
Parchlm, for Hamburg. .. - . ¦
ASTORIA-Arrived Dec *-Stmr Del Norte,
hence Dec ,4; Ger ship C H Wetjen. from Chefu.
Palled— Stmr Columbia, for San Francisco; echr
Pioneer, for San Francisco; Ger , ship ¦ Malpo,
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Dec. 9— Bchr Marfon, for
Port Hadlock. . »- .
LAHAINA— Arrived Nov 10-Schr Bantror,
for Mahukona. "¦- \
FOREIGN PORTS.
BRISBANE— Arrived Deo 7-^Br «Unr Aoransi,
from Vancouver.
HONGKONO-Salled Dec M}« stmr Eva.
for Astoria. • • .
-YOKOHAMA— Arrived, prior to • Dec 8— Jap
etmr Hongkong- ilaru. hence NovlS. - • -.
MORORAN-Salled Dec &— Br atmr St. Bede,
for Port Townsend. .* ... , .
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coaat and Geodetic
thority of the Superintendent.
Times and Heights of. High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay: Published by official au-
' ¦ NOTE— Th« high and low -waters occur at th«
city front' (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
Benefit Football Game.
.Therp will be a football game next Sun
day afternoon between the Monarchs and
the Olymplas in aid of a fund for Andrew
Pcttrson. who was one of the injured in
the terrible glass works tragedy on
Thanksgiving day.
Two hotly contested pames of baseball
were played yesterday at the PresidH
athletic grounds. The first game, be
tween Companies C and I. resulted in a
victory for I Company by a score of 6 lo
h. The othf-r game was won by Company
M. which defeated Company D by a score
of 13 to 6. A large crowd attended each
&ame.
Soldiers Play Basebal*.
The first twelve In the above list are
qualified to play In. the tournament, in
which each contestairt will play a match
over eighteen holes against every other —
eJeven matches in all.
The golfers -of class B also played a
contest over eighteen holes, the winner In
which was L. B. Edwards, with Captain
D. J. Rumbaugh second. The score wa3:
CLASS B HANDICAP.
GOLF EXPERTS VISIT
FORT BAKER COURSE
Horace and Harry Rawlins Show
Sausalito Golfers How to Drive'
and Approach.
The final round of the ladles' champion
ship of the Sausalito Golf Club was
played on Saturday afternoon between
Miss Winifred Mason and Miss Mabel
Mason, and was won by the former, who
is regarded as the strongest lady golfer
on the Fort Baker links. The winning
couple in the semi-final round of the
mixed foursomes played yesterday morn
ing were Miss Grace Martin and W. F.
Horn, who defeated Miss Winifred Mason
and R. \V. Mason, 1 up. The winninsr
couple played in the afternoon against
Miss Mabel Mason and J. M. Kllgarlf, the
match ending In a tie.
.Shortly after 2 o'clock in the afternoon
Horace and Harry Kawlins, the two pro
fessionals of the Oakland Gqlf Club, ar
rived at the Fort Baker links and at once
began play. They were followed by an
admiring crowd of spectators, who were
especially struck with the length of the
experts' drives and the accuracy of their
approach shots. The clay "greens," how
ever, bothered the visitors considerably,
as they vary grreatly in speed, while all
the greens on the Oakland links are tuft
ed. In many cases brilliant approaches,
which would have laid the ball dead;near
the hole on a tufted green, rolled off on
the farther side. Harry Rawlins played
better than his more famous brother,
Horace, making his two rounds In 46, 46,
while Horace's scores were 52 and .48. Two
or three balls were lost in the matted
grass, others being dropped as near as
possible to tho spots where they were sup
posed to be. The spectators were delight
ed with the exhibition, and greeted the
experts with a hearty round of applause
at the conclusion of the second round.
Upon consultation with the brothers, a
bogey of 44 was established for the course.
JOHNSON 'WINS THE
HANDICAP SINGLES
Defeats F. J. Lane in the Finals After
Allowing 1 One-Half Thirty
i Odds.
Merle, Johnson won his first tournament
by cleverly defeating P. J. Lane in the
finals of the single handicap at the Call-
PRESIDIO GOLFERS IN
QUALIFYING CONTEST
L. B. Edwards Again Gets Away
"With First Prize in Class B
Handicap.
Yesterday was a busy day on the links
of the San Francisco Golf Club. Nearly
a score of players entered the qualifying
round, over eighteen holes, medal play,
for the round robin tournament, the
twelve making: the lowest scores beins
eligible. H. B. Goodwin made the best
score— SO— for eighteen holes, closely fol
lowed by J. W. Byrne— 91.^ The full scores
were:
More Amateur Bouts.
The Gnlden Gate Athletic Club will give
next Wednesday evening elsrht four-round
bouts In Its clubrooms on the corner of
Stnckton n.n<3 t'nion streets. Those who
will contest are: Tom Snallham and
Jockey W. H. Martin. Kid Jones and
Mike Smith. Kid Clunner'and Hob Thom
son. FM Hanlon an<l F\ N<>il. Tom O'Leary
and %%*. Meahatn. Bill Kelly and Billy
Kennedy, T<im Bell and Jack Murray, and
Georre Sullivan and Ed Jones.
3-0: Curtis & Sons' War Ea«le beat L. F. Bar
tfls' Best Bargain. 3-0; Pasha Kennels' Rollick
'.r.p Air* beat Thomas McCooI'b Finn McCool.
f-4: J. Carroll's Auckland beat J. H. Peripo'e
I^a-Iy Davenport. E-4: E. Geary's Bonnie J'aMha.
t*at Pafcha Kennel*' Rival's AriFwer. 14-4; J.
I'. Thrift* Pt. Michael beat P. Doyle's Thelma,
f-I; K*y Bros.' Hawker a bye; J. Smith's ilu
ter Workman beat J. H<-lden's Scottish Chief.
S--; : H. A. Deckelman's Master Rocket beat II.
L\Ti<-h's Emma. M. 4-3: F. A. UcCbmb'i Little
fMMer beat Georg-e Fharman'* Miss Skyrocket.
13-7; K. Geary's Ireland beat T. J. Cronin's
WlM Tralee. 6-1; J. Button's Master Lawrence
Vifat E M. Kellors's Sv.eet Emma, 8-0; J. P.
Thrift's Brutus l^at FZrwln & L«yon's Silver
Wine*. 4-0; D. ToJands Pleasant Girl beat
l'a^ha Kennels/ Random Ajm. 11-5.
Th'.r<l round— Law rem-e beat Kid MeKoy, 4-1:
Narc>5U? beat Golden Russet. €-1; Palo Alto
l*>at M^.*e. &-«: For Glory be«t Warpath. 11-4;
Shadow beat 1"t«1k Boy. 6-2: Vixen beat Beauty
fM-ot, 3-2; Rocker boat Weribee. 4-0: Floodpate
t'^at Harlean Gladys. 7-J; Anchor beat Rollick
lat *' r!i . ••-<!: vv *»" Eagle beat Auckland. Mr:
ft. Michael beat Bonnie Pashv 6-1; Master
"U'orkman beat Hsuker. 4-?;. Little EiEter beat
Karti-r H<-«-ket. 7-3: Ireland beet Muter Law
rf-nct*. »-fl; PWsar.t Girl beat Brutus. S-7.
F'lurth round— Narcissus beat Lawrence. 4-0;
I'alo Alto beat For Glory. 4-0; Shadow beat
Vixen. I-*: lUK-ker beat Floodgate. 3-1: Anchor
W-at I-ady Claire. *-I: War Ea«!e beat St.
Kicbaet, I'M; L'.ttle Flster beat Master Work
man. 4 jl : Ireland a bye.'
• Fifth round-N'arcUfU* bf>*t P«lo Alto. 15-6:
P.ocker heat Fhaduw. 13-14: Little Sister beat
Anchor. 7-1: Ireland beat War Eagle, ie-6.
5i\th round— Narcissus & bye; Little Sister
beat Ireland, 5-fl.
I»ei~i<Jing course— Lluie Sifter beat Narcissus,
11-14.
of the going done such great work that
th«* far outclassed the fawn dog.
falo Alto, the stake favorite, got to the
fifth round, where Narcissus showed him
bow it happened. Narcissus was 2 to 5
tin the short end. and as usual for Alto's
i ppoaeoUh was led this time about six
l"!sgths. The hare stood up and the oft
repeated story was the result. The score
vhs 15 to S.
Vixt-n won at 6 to 1 from Mac's Melody
in the second round. Melody with the
hituaticn well in hand got tired. Royal
Flush, the bye dog with Hawker.- could
not furnish exercise enough to warn him
self, though the talent figured he could at
3 to 1. Rocker looked a dangerous fac
tor and was making great strides for a
chance in the final when he met Shadow
in the course of the day. He won, but it
uas a racking go. As Narcissus was to
be his next opponent he was withdrawn.
Echo took his place, got the flag and re
corded an uppot. In the previous round
she out-pointed Ireland in a bye with the
odds 5 to 1 against her.
The detailed results, with Judge John
Grace> official scores, follow:
Open ttake. second round— H. A. Deckelroan'*
l.*»rerioe l*at E. Gearyt America. 2-0; E. II.
KeW^rs s Kid McCoy b?at tterl & Knowles'
S-le^ty MiFt, 6-3: P. Jackson's Golden Kusset
t>»-at A. Van dw White's lx>ar Klny, 5-0; CurtU
S"ns" Narcissus b^at Russell & Allen'* We<l-
Cing HeUt, 4-0; E. Gearys Palo Alto beat C. O.
IVi^rsnns Silver Cloud, *-5: U. L. Taylor' e
ilnse Ixuit CurtU & Sons' Mcliinley. 6-0: Curtis
A Sor.s' Warpath a bye; Sterl & Knowle»" For
«lory beat Maber & Reid's Uncle Fuller. 5-0;
I". Mc<"«be'e Cra'.s Boy b*>*t Curtis & Sons'
Kcho: Cartis & icons' Shadow, a bye; R I*
Tav'or't Beauty Ej>ot beat C. O. "Peterson's
Half Moon. 3-1; T. J. Cron!tT« Vixen beat T.
W. Cartels' Mac't Melody. 6-4; R. E. de B.
Lo;>rz'* Went*-* beat Captain Clarlt»on's
"Golden Garter. 4-3; II. A. Deckelman's Rocker
boat Curtis & Sins' Cat-h. 5-*; F. Jones' Har
i»an Gladys h«tt J. Keenan's Ple-tgrh Bells. 4-0;
George Nethercott'e Floodgate beat Pasha. Ken
r.o!?' Fiery Ftce. 5-1: D. J. Henley's Lady
Claire beat C. Honar'g Wild Norah, 3-0; I-an-ie
A. I'.crbcr's Concord a bye; Curtis & Sons'
and Makes Sixteen Points Be
fore Her Opponent
Scores.
«
Frank McCoaib's Mack and white
daughter of the great Kmin Tasha added
another to her list of victories yesterday
by winning the big liS-dcg open stake it
I'nion Coursing Park. The clever lit
tle travelers work was of stan
dard quality, and it would not be
surprisinjf if, through her, coursing
history would repejit itself. Last
year McCoxnb had the honor of winning
throe stakes in tuccession with the then
£Tt«it. Ucyal Flush, and Little Sister with
the performance of yesterday and !aj?t
wwk to her credit may, if entered, again
turn the third trick.
Three times did the clever performer
make those who set the odds relent hav
ing placed her at second choice, and in
The t-emi-ttnal made good the judgment ot
her backers by beating pointless the fast
Ireland. a5to 3 on favorite. In the deciding
oourse Little Sister carted out to win in
a hurry. She showed the way lo Narcis
*uss and if it were not that the hare was
b*>atinK them both she would have kept
<^rti*' dog from scoring. As it was she
piied up 16 points before her opponent got
m ana then tor a while broke even with
him. Her severe work commenced to tell
cm her, however, and it could be seen that
the was fast giving out. The long route
consumed the limit of time and relief
ijojrs were sent out to end the course.
r> aiiTliilMlli los«-rs were right in declaring:
that Narcissus would have won had the
course lasted much longer, but they were
blind to the fact that Little Sister had
doubled on him and had in the rirst part
Btats Narcissus in the Big
Open Stake at Union
Coursing Park.
Sets a Hard Pace From the Start
LITTLE SISTER
AGAIN A WINNER
Lieutenant Chris Meyer of Company G Carries Off
the Day's Honors by Making Top Score. \
SOME SCENES FROM LIFE AT THE LAST SERIES OF THE STATE MILITIA SHOOT, WHEN MANY NA
TIONAL GUARDSMEN TRIED THEIR SKILL WITH THE RIFLE AT TWO HUNDRED. THREE HUNDRED*
AND FIVE HUNDRED YARD RANGES AT SHELL MOUND PARK. »
Match shoot for a prize- of $25— H. Gaetjen
22, Sergeant C. Andrews 23. C H. Granz 24.
The Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club's
semi-monthly shoot resulted as follows:
Bushnell medal— D. W. McLaughlln, 221, 219,
220. Gold medal— J. F. Bridges, 137, 200. Silver
medal— W. B. Bla«s«, 160, 123; M. F. Blasse,
194, 195; H. Hinkel, 204; C. M. Henderson. 200.
First-class trophy — A. B. Dorrell. 214.
All comers, pistol— J. E. Gorman. 97, 9S; M.
J. White. 91, 89; J. F. Bridge*. 88, 80.
AH comers, revolver— Smith Carr. 83, 85, 88,
Sit. 89. 8S. 90. 92; J. E. Gorman, 90. S3.
Several shooting organizations hell
their regular monthly medal and trophy
shoots. In, the monthly medal shoot of
the Germania Schuetzen Club I>. B. Fak
tor scored 453 in the first champion class.
This is the highest score made by any
member of the shooting organization dur
ing the last year. The other sceres were:
Second champion class. K. Stettin, 406; first
class, J. F. Bridges, 214.; second class, J. D.
Heise, 282; third class, 8. Helno, 307. Best first
shot, F. P. Schuster, 24; best last shot. F. P.
Schuster, 25.. . -
San Francisco Schuetzen Vere-ln monthly
medal shoot— Champion class, Herman Huber.
422; first class., not filled; second class. H. F.
Lllkendy, 834; third class. Otto Lemcke, 379;
fourth class, I>r. F. H. Cranz, 2S4 (final). Best
first sHot, S. Helno, 25; best last shot, J. Lan
kenau, 23.
Monthly' medal shoot. Knights of the Red
Branch Rifles— Captain . .William Murphy 40,
Strgeant P. Fllgate 39, John Doyle 40, Lieuten
ant M. Ryan 38, P. McBryan 35. C. J. Collins
35, M. O'Neill 33, J. J. Sullivan SO, M. J. Hes
sion 32. M. Coakley 27.
Monthly medal shoot of tha Independent Rifles
—Sergeant G. Mitchell 42, Corporal P. Schonig
40, J. H. Kuhlke- 33. C. Iverson 19, H. Gaetjen
27, H. Gaetjen Jr. 10, C. Granz 34, H. Felix 26.
H. Kuhlke 37, H. Relnhardt 28. R. V. Either
33, Sergeant C. Andrews 39, A. Wolfgram 17,
Company K— Captain Cunnlngrham, 20, 22, 21;
J. Utschig 22, 22, 21; Lieutenant Young 14, 13,
8; R. A. Balllnger 8, 9, 17: A. -JL Farleas 17, 21.
20; A. Johnson 10,. 0, 11; B. F. Moor* 13. 11. «;
G. E. Moore 15, 16, 15.
Company F, First Infantry Reriment, N. G.
C, monthly company shoot— Captain Nlppert 89,
Lieutenant Varney 3S, Lieutenant Irving 40,
Sergeant Doscher 40, Sergeant O'Brien 37, Cor
poral Cleveland 37, Corporal Cahn 28. Private
CSihn 2S, Private Brambler 28. Private Eason
41. Private Milllcan 31, Private Mason 24, Pri
vate SDorney 35, Private Samuela 20, Private
Simmons 34. William Vanna 23, J. Vanna 21.
Companies C and G monthly company shoot —
J. F. Norton 45, H. D. Hicks 40, R. D. , Mcln
toeh 33, Thomas McGIlvery 29, G. L. Harvey
23, C. Heinemann 3S. J. F. Cook 19, C. B. Hard
ing 39, H. J. Musgrave 43, H. M. Smitten 37,
F. J. Pavey 44, A. SI Hatfleld 33, Fred Carson
41, Lieutenant J. N. Ross 37, J. W. Galbraith
36, William Shaw 85, J. W. Colby, 41, W. F.
Unfred 37, B. Hopkins 30, C. Waltham 45, R. C.
Home 31. C. B. Evans 40, S. H. Stewart 39. W.
O. Westman 31, H. H. Franke 36, J. C. Roberts
3S. J. W. Little 37, C. J. McDonald 35, J. E.
Flynn 25, A. H. Kennedy 40, Lieutenant G. J.
Petty S9, A. E. Anderson 42, J. J. Hyer 32, Lieu
tenant P. J. Neumann 41, Chris Meyer 47.
A match was shot between Lieutenant
"W. S. Grattan and Sergeant A. E. An
derson, crack shots of Company G, re
sulting in a victory for the former by
the score: Grattan 45, Anderson 42.
The Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club held
its annual turkey shoot and many suc
cessful marksmen will have their table i
graced with the national bird as a tribute
to their shooting skill. The following
vnr- tne winneis:
First prize, President 'William P. Garms;
stcond; John de Wit; third. F. P. Schuster;
fourth, John D. Helee; fifth, Andrew Mocker:
sixth, D. Schlnkerf teventh, Herman Huber;
eighth, Otto Lemcke; ninth. Captain John
Thode; tenth, William Gottschalk; eleventh,
Frank Koch; twelfth. D.' F. Baruth.
last serie3 of the State shoot
I of the First Regiment Infantry,
I National Guard of California was
JJL held at Shell Mound range yester
day. The shoot was participated
in by Companies G, F, C and K and, con
sidering the unfavorable conditions ot fog
and a poor light the scores -were very
gnod. Chris Meyer of C Company car
ried off the honors of the day by scorir.K
25, 21, 22, respectively, at the 200, 300 and
500 yard ranees. The shoot was under the
direction of Lieutenant W. H. Tobiti, in
spector of rifle practice. The scores were
aa follows on the 200, COJ and 500 yard
ranges in the order given:
Company C— E. Suelflohn 13 IS, 6; H. M.
Smitten 19, 18, 12; C. F. Waltham 23, 16, 21;
A. J. Ruddock 18, 15, 13; W. D. Grant 19, 16,
V; A. H. Kennedy 18. 18. 0; J. Hyer 17. 13,
13; W. O. Wfstraann 15. 9, 16; H. Famke 18,
6, 7: L. W. Grant 17. 17. 16: George W. Petty
15. 5. €; J. N. Ross 20. 15, 15; C. J. McDonald
IS, 9, 7; W. F. L'nfred 16, 17, 17; J. E. Flynn
11, 9, 11; C. Meyer 25, 21, 23; R. T. Kurpinsky
6. 0, 0; R. L. Hursh 0. 0, 10: F. F. Oarson 1«,
21. 19; R. D. Mclntosh 16. 13, 13; H. T. Hicks
2), IS. 21; H. J. Musgrave 13. 19, 23; T. J. Me-
Gil very 11, 14. 0; W. H. Shaw 17, 16. 15; S.
Heiman 2, 0, 0; G. L. Harvey 15, 12, i; J. F.
Cook 11. 11. 2; H. Allari 4, 3, 0.
Company G— L. Lewers S. 4, 5; C. B. Evans
19. IS, 20; A. E» Anderson 22, 20, 20; J. C. Rob
erts 12, 2, 2; J. W. Cobby 21. 20, 24; W\ B. Hunt
8. 0, 3; F. W. Cole 4. 12, 5; P. J. Neuraan 22.
IS. 20; J. F. Norton 22, 22. 23; A. S. Hatfleld
11>, 14, 13; C. B. Harding 19, 15, 13; G. Olney
8, 6. 0; F. J. Pavey 21, 16, 24; C. Helneman 20,
IS. 0. ***.
Company F — Private Samuels 5. 6 5; V^Spor
ney IS, 6. 4: J. Eason 21, 21. 20; C. Cleveland
1«, 20. 14; A. Marsan 9, 8. 4; T. Simmons 8.
11,' 6; E. Milllcan 14, 4, 20; Lieutenant Irving
19 19. 14; J. Brambella 8, .0, 0; W. Cohan 12, 14,
i; W. Vanna 0. 0, a
Probable Winners.
First Race — Bamboulla. Bee Bee, Alice
Dougherty.
Second Race— Bedeck, Dangerfield, Selde.
Third Race — Rolling Boer. Hermoso. Alice
Turner.
Fourth Race — Grand Eachem, Headwater,
Dollie "Weithoff.
Fifth Race — Koenig, Locochee, Opponent.
Sixth Race— Vohicer, Campus, Castake,
Sixth Race— One mile and fifty yards; three
year-olds and upward: selling:
O449)Castake 103 1 1432 Hindoo Prlnc'e. 95
(140S)t>onator 109! 1432 Vohicer S8
(1434)Sir Kingston... 100 1433 Goldone 10J
1434 Mitten 9'> 1«9 Edgardo »5
(14«l)Campus 1071
Fifth Race — One and an eighth miles; three
year-olds and upward: celling:
(1445)Essence V>4| 1449 Locochee 105
1455 Col. Root 1C3; 1460 Torsida 105
1443 Rio Shannon... 1'"'5, 1418 Tirade 108
1437 Montanus 10fi' 1417 Free Lance ..110
1449 Opponent 103 j 1327 Texarkana 105
144S Owensboro ....101! 1443 Koenlg 103
Fourth Race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; handicap*:
<H26)Headwater ....117; 1459 Pat Morrlssey..in9
1443 Asian 113 1363 Horton 112
1439 Goldone 105: 1481 Grand Sachem. 59
lill Lavator 100 1350 Torsina 113
1445 Herculean 102 Dollie Wethoff.103
145S> Prejudice 113 1454 Diomed 9S
144J Pupil 105
Third Race — Futurity course; all agree; purse:
<124$)Bathos 112i 14D6 Gold Or 117
Dang'r's Mald.lffi 1446 Hermoso 115
1441 Grafter 94 (13S2)Koll:ng Boer.. .105
1452 Aiice Turner.. .100 1453 Novla : 103
Beeond Race— Six furlongs; two-year-olds:
purse :
14E3 Rollick 110 1446 Marvea 110
U42S)Dangerneld ltf 1453 Selde 113
.... Cora Goetz ...110 (1436)Bedeck 113
A eery attractive card Is offered at
Oakland track this afternoon. The crack
two-yrar'-olii. Rolling Boer, will try con
clusions with a fast collection of speed
in the third event and will have to show
hi* best form to win. A seven furlong
handicap with an excellent lot of entries
is also down for decision.
Following are the entries:
First Race— Five and a half furlongs; three
yrar-olds: j>urse:
761 Siscuoc 109 1432 Foul Play 109
.... Maccabee 103 1450 Eamboulia -...109
KM IMor.ied 105 14M Glissando .'....109
1430 Antoinette 1W 1450 Ned Dennis ...109
1459 lie* Hee 109 72S A. Dougherty.. 1W
1445 Anjcu 112 1416 MacGyle 10§
Immense Bunch of Starters.
Many Entries in the Dis
tance Events.
4
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND.
Year-Old, Meets a Fast
Crowd.
?
Seven-Furlong Handicap With an
GREAT CARD FOR
OAKLAND RACES
9
Rolling Boer, the Crack Two-
SUNDAY SPORTS SHOOTING, COURSING, BASEBALL TENNIS, HANDBALL, GOLF SUNDAY SPORTS
NATIONAL GUARD OF CALIFORNIA WINDS UP ITS
ANNUAL STATE SHOOT AT THE SHELL MOUND RANGE
1 At the San Francisco handball courts
the following games were played yester
day:
K. Lonrabach and M. 11. iSs-
Donald 21 n 1* IS 21
M. Levy and J. J. Kavanaugh. .IS 10 21 n 13
D. Rodgers and P. Mclntyre ...—....21 21 21
M. McNeil and P. McKinnon 13 13 U
T. Serres and R White 21 17 21 13 n
U. Green and W. Johnson IS 21 13 21 15
It. J. Rodgers and E. J. Murphy 21 21 21
U. Longabach and V. W. Stapf 13 IS 19
S. "Wurkhelm and E. Leven»....21 a IS 13 21
I. Raphael and F. Connors 13 14 tl 21 17
O. B. Hayward and J. Condon. 21 21 21
W. Fisher and T. Leach 20 17 13
M. Levy and D. Connelly a 11 n IT a
M. Joyce and M. Basch 11 21 IS 21 11
T. Murphy and J. P. Cody 21 21 21
J. Halloran and O. Dudley 10 13 17
H. Reid and F. Defty —.......21 21 13
X. Carney and M. Defty 13 13 21
H. J. Rodger* ~ 21 U
E. J. Murphy 14 13
Three matches of the Pacific Coast
championship handball tournament were
played at the Olympic Club yesterday.
While the tournament Is not concluded.
Collins won the championship by defeat-
Ing Maguire. Each of the other six play
ers who entered the tournament ha3 met
defeat in at least one of .the matches,
while Collins has met each of the other
contestants and has won every match.
Some of the best handball ever seen in
San Francisco was put up In the match
between Collins and Maguire late in the
afternoon. Neither had been defeated in
the earlier matches of the tournament. If
Collins should win it meant tha cham
pionship for him, as It was his last match.
If Maguire should win, the tournament
would not bo decided until "Wednesday
night, when Maguire la scheduled to play
"White. J- ,
Under these circumstances hard games
were assured and a large number of
handball enthusiasts gathered at tha
court to witness them. The first garae
was stubbornly contested, Collins finally
winning out. 21-19. Maguire took a good
lead in the next and won, the score being
21-6 in his favor. Collins took the third
game, 21-14, and the match. .
.White was sore from previous matches
and lost to Linihan. who played a strong,
steady game. The score was 21-10, 21-7.
Harlow won easily from Curley, the
score being 21-7, 21-6.
The tournament will be completed Wed
nesday night. The games scheduled ars
Linihan vs. Curley and Maguire va.
Whl18 *
Other Handball Games.
COLLINS WINS
CHAMPIONSHIP
Handball Tournament Not
Concluded but Result Is
Determined.
«
Maguire Meets Defeat in His Match
and White Loses to Iiinihan,
Great Games at Olympic
Club.
WON THE GAME
IN THE NINTH
Koenigs Beat Golden Gates
in Opening Match of
the Schedule.
Score Three Runs in the Last Inning
and. Save Themselves Prom a
Defeat Thought to Bo
Certain.
Knell Bight field Ayden
Th© semi-professional baseball season
opened yesterday at Recreation grounds
with a gam© between the Golden Gates
and the Koenlcs. The playing was fast,
snappy and close from the start to the
finish, the Koenigs winning out In tha
ninth inning by a score of 4 to 3.
At the very outset of the game the
Golden Gates scored. Sylva went to first
on a eafe hit. Kane made his bag on an
error by Delmaa. Then dynes got Into
the running on a hit and the bass were
crowded. A base on balls forced Sylva
over the plate, but that was all of the
run-getting
In the seventh the Koenigs scored. Del
mas reached the first bag on a hit and
scored on a two-bagger to right by McGee.
Perrine hit to center and made second on
the throw-in to the plate, McGee going
to third. Collins fouled out, making the
second dead. Phil Knell flew out to cen
ter.
In the eighth the Golden Gates broke the
tie. Drennan made first on an error, stole
second, went to third on Sylva's out and
scored on Bodie's dropping act of Kane's
fly.
' In the ninth Scanlan scored and this
made the board read 3 to L
In the last half of this inning, with Del
mas and McGee on the bases. Collins hit
to left and Delmas scored. Knell hit to
Kane, who rattled himself Into error
making and McGee scored. J. Bodie flew
to center and Collins scored on the throw
in. . Thus did the Koenigs pull out a vic
tory when even hope had fled. The line
up: :
Koenigs. Position. Golden Gates.
Keagan Catcher Peralta
Perrine. Pitcher McMenomy
D. Bodle First base Carroll
Collins Second base Scanlon
J. Bodte Third base Kane
Delmas Shortstop :...;.. Sylva
Brockhoff Left field Drennan
McGee Center field Clynes
SOTJTHERN BASEBALL
SEASON COMMENCES
San Diego Wins the First Game
From San Bernar-
dino.
SAN DIEGO, Dec 9.— The Southern
California baseball season opened here
to-day with a game between th.* San
Diego team and the representatives of
San Bernardino. Wearing the San Diego
colors were Devereaux of Sacramento,
Bowman and Drennan of Oakland, Don-
Hn of St. Louis and "Mute" Taylor of the
New York team. The rest were local
players. including Tom Works, who
played behind the bat and caught Taylor
without a slip. In the San Bernardino
suits were Mancerina, Hutchinson.
Francks and Kelly of Oakland, Krug and
Brockoff of San Francisco and Joe ilc-
Carthy of Colusa.
Nearly 1400 people passed through the
gates. The stands were full and carriage*
lined the outer field. The game showed
that Southern California may look for
ward to some good ball this winter. The
visitors were handicapped by not having
secured a pitcher aa yet and they tried
Krug and McCarthy in the box. Taylor
pitched an almost faultless came, retir
ing the players from the inland town
once on only five .pitched balls. Manger
lna played his usual game behind the oat,
but let one ball go through at a critical
time. Works, though not used to hold-
Ing a pitcher with the speed of Taylor,
held up his end remarkably well after
the first inning. Score by innings:
San Diego ...4 0 0 18 0 2 0 '—13
San Bernardino...1 0200000 1—4
Alamedas Defeated.
In a hotly contested game at Freeman's
Park yesterday afternoon, which was re
plete with heavy batting and fine fielding,
the Nobles defeated the Alamedas by a
score of 8 to 3. Shea pitched an excellent
game and his support was almost petfect,
Walters' backstop work was excellent.
COURSLNG AT STOCKTON.
Tap Out Beats Terronit© In the D«-
riding Course.
STOCKTON, Dec 9.— Tha results of tha
coursing at Goodwater Grove to-day ara
as follows:
First round— Forgive beat Wild Lassie; Joker
beat Anna Held; Cash In beat Forget Me Not;
Allessander beat Hazel L; Terronlte beat St.
Oran; Cash Day bectt Leaii: Royal Lady beat
Ed AIcGarrtty; Flylaar Daisy beat Pink r.t
Fashion: Lilly Wright beat Sleepy Dick: Arno
beat Homeward Bound; Thunderbolt beat Mag
nesia; Bounding Belle, beat Port Coeta Lass;
Flylns Creat beat John Collins; Tap Out beat
Bagpipe; Onward beat Low Bhake; Scotch Keel
beat Black Chief; Fair Olen beat Terry Mo-
Govern; Delia M beat Americus.
Second round — Forrive beat Joker; Cash In
beat Allessander; Kalry Glen beat Delia M;
Terronlte beat Royal Lady; Cash Day beat Fly
ing Daisy? Arno beat Lilly Wright; Thunder
bolt beat Bounding Belle: Tap Out beat Flying
Crest: Onward beat Scotch Reel.
Third round— Cash In beat Forslve; Terronita
beat Arno; Thunderbolt beat Cash Day; Tap
Out beat Onward; Fairy Glen a> bye-
Fourth round— Cash In beat Thunderbolt;
Teironite beat Fairy Glen; Tap Out a bye.
Fifth round— Tap Out beat Cash In.
Final— Tap Out beat Terronita. \
AMERICANS UNDERBID
AT.T. ENGILISH FXRM3
Make Better Tenders for Locomotives
Asked For by the Calcutta
Port Commissioners.
LONDON, Dec 9.— Tha Daily Mall
has received the following by mall from
its Calcutta correspondent:
"The Port Commissioners recently In
vited tenders for locomotives. The lowest
English tender quoted £1544 for each lo
comotive, and wanted nine months to
complete the order. The lowest American
tender quoted X12C0 and asked for six
months. The latter was accepted, subject
to the approval of the Government."
Hajor Henry Sweeney.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 9.— Major Henry
Sweeney, U. 8. A., retired, died in this
city to-day, aged 69 years. He was a
native of Ireland and a veteran of the
civil war. He entered the army as pri
vate, enlisting in New York in 1S54. Dur
ing his long residence in this city he has
been prominent in local affairs and served
as Alderman. Last year Major Sweeney
was chancellor of the California Com
mandery of the Loyal Legion.
Will Erect Reduction Works.
NOGALES, Ariz.. Dec 9.— According to
General Agent Tenor, of 'the Duquesna
Mining' and Reduction Company, Georso
Westlnghouse of Pittsburg has bought «ha
entire Buena Vista grant, colmprising
.u00 acres of land, and intends to erect at
some point on the Santa Cruz R!ver a
colossal reduction works and smelter and
a la.'lway connecting the mines, the re
duction works and Nogales. Tenor leaves
for Vittsburg about December 16 to maka
final arrangements.
FATATj. RUNAWAY
ACCIDENT AT JAMESTOWN
ilenry A- Doug-las Is Instantly Killed
and Ed Leonard Probably Pa-
tally Injured.
JAMESTOWN, Dec. 9.— Henry A. Doug
las, a pioneer farmer of this county, was
killed and Ed Leonard of Gllroy, an owner
In the Pancake mine, probably fatally in
jured in a runaway accident on the Raw
hlde road one mile from Jamestown this
morning. While descending Table Moun
tain hill a breech strap broke, causing the
horses to run down hill at a fearful pace.
Near the foot both men were thrown from
the vehicle. Douglas struck a fence post
and his skull was crushed. Leonard was
frightfully cut and bruised and has little
chance of recovery.
TO ENFORCE CONTRACTS.
California Cured Fruit Association
Files a Number of Suits.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 9.— The California
Cured Fruit Association ia bringing a
number of suits to enforce its contracts
with prune men. A half-dozen have al
ready been filed and another was added
to the list yesterday. This Is against J
P. Guerln, "Walton & Co. and others, it is
alleged that Guertn, who Is a fruit grower
of Sonoma County, signed a contract to
deliver his prunes to the Cured Fruit As
sociation, but Instead disposed of them to
Walton & Co. The association claims
twenty-five tons of dried prunes were thus
disposed- of. and it is sought to recover
this fruit or $1500, the value thereof. A
counsel fee of $250 and costs Is also asked.
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT BLAKELET— Sailed Deo 8— Schr Car
rier Dove, for Valparaiso.
Mrs. B.— Oh, yes: ray husband often
Fends me a note from ttie> office telling- mo
that he will be detained down town by
business all the evening.— Philadelphia
Record.-
Mrs. A.— D»- you read fiction?
NOTE— In the above^ exposition of the tides
th« early xnornin« tldea are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence aa to tlmo of
day, the third time column gives the la*t
tide of the day. except when there are but
three tide* a» sometimes occurs. The height*
Klven are In «ddit«on to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts. «c«pc
when a minus »l(cn (-) precedes the height. an!
then the number given Is subtracted from tha
depth given by the charts. The plans of refer
ence Is the mean of the lower low waters.
MONDAY. DECEMBER 10.
THE; SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 19°°.
QUALIFYING ROUND FOR ROUND-ROBIN
TOURNAMENT.
6
COMPETITORS.
Pa ?*
! i
0
1
:
p :
¦o .
L.. B. Edwards
Captain D. J. Rumbaugh.
It. V. Watt .'
\V. Gregory
J. B. Severance
Major C. Christensen
54 61
f.s hi
63 60
M 52
62 DC
C4 TO I
1
113
114
129
111
i 118
; i3<
10 105
4 110
18 111
• 112
E 113
I 17 117
•PlUS L
PLATERS.
E
|
a
o p
s
a
H. B. Goodwin
J. TV. Byrne
S. L. Abbot Jr
Worthir.pton Ajnei
H. Golcher
Dr. Clark
Captain D. J. Rumbaugb
L. O. K.IIoec
R. H. Gaylord
Warren Gregory
W. H. La Boyteaux
J. S. Severance
A. C. ISlngham
H. A. Blackman
L. B. Edwards
Major C. Chrigt*n?en
Dr. Spencer
46
43
49
r.:s
ri
s<
55
',:<
64
£2
64
61
61
70
63
.44 90
45 91
43 95
00 101
51 104
E5 106
53 109
52 110
56 111
52 111
r.s 112
56 118
57 121
€2 123
63 124
53 129
€3 131
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
R. Dollar..
8. Barbara.
Rival
Coronado . .
Newburg ..
Bonlta
Samoa .....
O. Dollar...
North" Fork
Queen ......
Senator ....
Sierra .....
Eureka ....
City R. Jan
Czarina' ...
Columbia ..
Corona .....
Alliance ...
Rainier' ....
Pt. . Arena.'.
Arcata .....
Walla Wai.
Seattle ........ Dec. 10. 5 pm Pier 13
Humboldt..:.. Dec 10, 10 am Pier 3
Willapa Har.. Dec. 10, 6 pm Pier' 2
Grays Harbor Dec. 10, 5 pm Pier 2
Grays Harbor Dec. 11. , 5 pro, Pier 3
Newport....... Dec. 11. 9 am Pier 11
HumboMt Dec. 11, 10 am Pier 2
Grays Harbor Dec 11, 5 pm Pier 3
Humboldt Dec 11, 9 am Pier 2
San Diego.... Dec 12. 9 ana Pier 11
Vlc& P K t Sd. Dea 12. Ham Pier 9
Sydney & Way Dec.' 12. 9 am Pier 7
Humboldt..... Dec. 12. 9 am Pier 13
Chlna& Japan Dec. 14. l,pm PMS3
Seattle & Tac Dec 14, sfi^pm Pier 8
Portland...... Dec. 14, 11 am Pier 24
Newport. Dec: 14. 9 am Pier 11
Seat.&N.AVha Doc 15. ....... Pier — .
Point Arena.. Dec 15, S pm Pier 2
Coos Bay...... Dec 15, 12 m Pier 13
Vic & Psrt Sd.. Dec 17. 11 am Pier 9
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Hathor ...» Hamburg via, Callao...
Iaqua Han Diego
Eureka Humboldt "i
Willamette Seattle
Progreso Seattle I!"""
Czarina Seattle
Columbia Portland
Rainier ...,.,... Seattle & New Whateom
W. H. Kruger.. Grays Harbor .
San Mateo Nanalmo
Pomona Humboldt "
Corona Newport --¦-
Crescent City.. Crescent City....".'.".*.""" 1
Washtenaw .... Tacoraa *""'
Walla Walla... Victoria & Fuget'sound
Santa Rosa San Di«-go........ ouna
Arcata Coos Bay ""*
Point Arena Point Arena V.*
Robt. Adamson Nanalmo
£ o e *° ••- Hamburg A Way Port.
*-0P»c China and Japan
North Fork..... Humboldt '
G. W. Elder.... Portland
Dec 10
Dec. 10
Dec. 10
Dec 11
Dec. 11
Dec 11
Dec. 11
Dec. 13
Dec 12
Dec 12
Dec. 13
Dec 12
Dec 13
Dec. 13
Dec 13
Dec 13
Dec. 13
Dec. 13
Dec. 14
Dec. IS
Dec IS
Dec 18
Dec IS
an rises
>un sets .. '. " '.
loon rises .".
......-...-.--':»*
4:51
9:24 p. m.
0 Time Timel Time |Tlme-
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. i Ft.
• H w l. yy h w It. w
10... S:IM 4.9 7:34 3.2 1:42 5.0 8:30 o.J
11 ... 3:60 6.0 >:08 3.2 2:40 i.S • »:10 fr.7
H ... 4:S 6.0 10:28 3.0 3.48 4.0 9:J1 l.%
IS ... 6:14 5.1 11:45 2.8 5:01 3.5 10:37 I.T
14 ... 6-53 5.2 11:50 3.2 «:21 S.3 H:2S 2.2
15... «:34 5.2 1:39 1-* 7:40 3 - 4 "•-"
1«..T 0:12 S.lf 7:121 5.3 J:1S L«l 8:Sl| 1.5
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
R. Dollar..
8. Barbara.
Rival
Coronado . .
Newburg ..
Bonlta
Samoa .....
O. Dollar...
North" Fork
Queen ......
Senator ....
Sierra .....
Eureka ....
City R. Jan
Czarina' ...
Columbia ..
Corona .....
Alliance ...
Rainier' ....
Pt. . Arena.'.
Arcata .....
Walla Wai.
Seattle ........ Dec. 10. 5 pm Pier 13
Humboldt..:.. Dec 10, 10 am Pier 3
Willapa Har.. Dec. 10, 6 pm Pier' 2
Grays Harbor Dec. 10, 5 pm Pier 2
Grays Harbor Dec. 11. , 5 pro, Pier 3
Newport....... Dec. 11. 9 am Pier 11
HumboMt Dec. 11, 10 am Pier 2
Grays Harbor Dec 11, 5 pm Pier 3
Humboldt Dec 11, 9 am Pier 2
San Diego.... Dec 12. 9 ana Pier 11
Vlc& P K t Sd. Dea 12. Ham Pier 9
Sydney & Way Dec.' 12. 9 am Pier 7
Humboldt..... Dec. 12. 9 am Pier 13
Chlna& Japan Dec. 14. l,pm PMS3
Seattle & Tac Dec 14, sfi^pm Pier 8
Portland...... Dec. 14, 11 am Pier 24
Newport. Dec: 14. 9 am Pier 11
Seat.&N.AVha Doc 15. ....... Pier — .
Point Arena.. Dec 15, S pm Pier 2
Coos Bay...... Dec 15, 12 m Pier 13
Vic & Psrt Sd.. Dec 17. 11 am Pier 9
COMPETITORS.
Pa ?*
! i
0
1
:
p :
¦o .
L.. B. Edwards
Captain D. J. Rumbaugh.
It. V. Watt .'
\V. Gregory
J. B. Severance
Major C. Christensen
54 61
f.s hi
63 60
M 52
62 DC
C4 TO I
1
113
114
129
111
i 118
; i3<
10 105
4 110
18 111
• 112
E 113
I 17 117
•PlUS L
PLATERS.
E
|
a
o p
s
a
H. B. Goodwin
J. TV. Byrne
S. L. Abbot Jr
Worthir.pton Ajnei
H. Golcher
Dr. Clark
Captain D. J. Rumbaugb
L. O. K.IIoec
R. H. Gaylord
Warren Gregory
W. H. La Boyteaux
J. S. Severance
A. C. ISlngham
H. A. Blackman
L. B. Edwards
Major C. Chrigt*n?en
Dr. Spencer
46
43
49
r.:s
ri
s<
55
',:<
64
£2
64
61
61
70
63
.44 90
45 91
43 95
00 101
51 104
E5 106
53 109
52 110
56 111
52 111
r.s 112
56 118
57 121
€2 123
63 124
53 129
€3 131
an rises
>un sets .. '. " '.
loon rises .".
......-...-.--':»*
4:51
9:24 p. m.
0 Time Timel Time |Tlme-
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. i Ft.
• H w l. yy h w It. w
10... S:IM 4.9 7:34 3.2 1:42 5.0 8:30 o.J
11 ... 3:60 6.0 >:08 3.2 2:40 i.S • »:10 fr.7
H ... 4:S 6.0 10:28 3.0 3.48 4.0 9:J1 l.%
IS ... 6:14 5.1 11:45 2.8 5:01 3.5 10:37 I.T
14 ... 6-53 5.2 11:50 3.2 «:21 S.3 H:2S 2.2
15... «:34 5.2 1:39 1-* 7:40 3 - 4 "•-"
1«..T 0:12 S.lf 7:121 5.3 J:1S L«l 8:Sl| 1.5
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Hathor ...» Hamburg via, Callao...
Iaqua Han Diego
Eureka Humboldt "i
Willamette Seattle
Progreso Seattle I!"""
Czarina Seattle
Columbia Portland
Rainier ...,.,... Seattle & New Whateom
W. H. Kruger.. Grays Harbor .
San Mateo Nanalmo
Pomona Humboldt "
Corona Newport --¦-
Crescent City.. Crescent City....".'.".*.""" 1
Washtenaw .... Tacoraa *""'
Walla Walla... Victoria & Fuget'sound
Santa Rosa San Di«-go........ ouna
Arcata Coos Bay ""*
Point Arena Point Arena V.*
Robt. Adamson Nanalmo
£ o e *° ••- Hamburg A Way Port.
*-0P»c China and Japan
North Fork..... Humboldt '
G. W. Elder.... Portland
Dec 10
Dec. 10
Dec. 10
Dec 11
Dec. 11
Dec 11
Dec. 11
Dec. 13
Dec 12
Dec 12
Dec. 13
Dec 12
Dec 13
Dec. 13
Dec 13
Dec 13
Dec. 13
Dec. 13
Dec. 14
Dec. IS
Dec IS
Dec 18
Dec ISOn Monday. January 21. 1901, the San
Francisco State Normal School will admit
a new class. . Applicants holding creden
tials, which will admit them to the State
University, will be received.for:examina
tion.- Examinations for. all others will be
held at the State Normal School on Tues
day, January 17, at 9:30 o'clock, v The sama
Erouplngs of subjects as required by the
tate University will be used. V
Ihiggan Taken to Gfcennan Hospital.
Edward Duggan, who was seriously in
jured in the glass works tragedy, has been
removed from •• the Receiving Hospital to
the German Hospital. His condition is still
serious, but recovery now seems probable.
Old Han Badly Hurt.
Joseph Meyers, 57 years of age, living at
104 Seventh" street, attempted to get off
a Folsom-street car at Twenty-second
andFolsom streets.- The car started be
fore he alighted. He was taken to ', the
Receiving Hospital. Both thighs were
badly bruised, and his back was slightly
sprained. Owing to his advanced age his
injuries are considered serious.
Operating-Boom Modernized.
The inside operating room at the City
Hall Emergency Hospital has been com
pletely modernized under the immediate
supervision of Chief Emergency Surgeon
Bunnell. Before any improvements were
attempted Dr. Bunnell had the walls and
celling scraped, washed. thoroughly
cleaned and painted. The floor was con
creted and over this' marble tiling was
set in cement. •
Cottages on Kansas Street Burned.
Three cottages on Kansas street were
damaged by fire yesterday afternoon. The
blaze originated In the cottage of a man
named Jorgeneen at 1110 Kajisaa street and
spread to two adjoining cottages, occu
pied by William Galvln and George SIo
vich. Both of these were gutted and the
first cottage was entirely destroyed before
the Fire Department arrived on < the
scene.
Clan Fraser's Election.
An election of officers was held by Clan
Fraser No. 78, Order of Scottish' Clans,
last Thursday evening, resulting as fol
lows: Chief, William Rae; tanist. John
W. King; chaplain, Hugh Fraser; secre
tary. William McCcrmlck; financial secre
tary, Thomas Wilson; treasurer, M. L.
Crowe; physician. Dr. George Adam;
henchmen, Walter Reed and Alexander
King; warden, John C. Moore; sentinel,
James OTraserJ standard-bearer. Thomas
A. Munro; pipers, I. S. R. Tevendale and
Adam Ross; trustee, Charles Adams.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec 9.
Whether Charles E. Muller. a printer,
committed suicide or met accidental death
from gas suffocation last night In bis room
at the Huff House. 427 Ninth street, has
been left to the Coroner for Investigation.
When Policeman Curtis broke into the
room this afternoon he found Muller dead
in bed, the door double-locked and bolted,
with window and transom tightly closed.
The gas ¦was escaping from a burner, the
key of which was turned on full.
That was all the evidence of possible
suicide. The other circumstances sur
rounding the case indicated accident.
Muller rented the room November 21. He
was very regular in his habits, rarely be
lnK out later than 9 o'clock. Last night
the landlady noticed the gas burning in
the room about midnight. A coup'*, of
hours later she observed the llgnt fca-t
not been extinguished. Going to the room,
Bhe arouaed Muller and asked him to turn
off the gas. He compiled with the re
quest, because the room was Immediately
darkened. , ¦ . '
During the morning the odor of escaping
cas was detected, but it was not until 2
o'clock that the police were summoned.
Curtis responded and traced the trouble to
Muller's room, and failing to receive a
renly to a rap on the door, the policeman
forced an entrance. Muller lay in bed.
covered as if he had retired regularly for
the night. His clothing waa carefully ar
ranged on & chair.
Deputy Coroner Quellen, who was called
to the house as soon as it was ascertained
that the man was dead, found no papers
nor any direct evidence of suicide. The
gas fixtures were in good order.
- Muller was about 35 years old, a native
of France. He had been employed in lo
cal Job printing establishments. So far aa
Is known be was not married.. .
Police Break Into a Room
and Find Corpse of
Charles Muller.
GAS SUFFOCATION
CAUSE DF DEATH
NEW YORK, Dec 10.— Representatives
from commercial interests In various sec
tions cf the country, principally from the
Pacific Coast, Western and Eastern
States, will appear before the Interstate
Commerce Commission in Washington to
day at a hearing to consider the matter
of transcontinental rates and the conces
sions in such rates now being sought by
Middle Western Jobbers, chiefly grocery
and hardware firms.
For some time past stronar .efforts have
been made by these Interests and several
conferences with the railroads have been
held, to have the latter adopt a system
of graded rates. If these efforts are suc
cessful Pacific Coast rates, under the plan
proposed, -would always be higher from
New York and to San Francisco than to
San Francisco from any point west of
New York. Eastern jobbing interests aro
naturally working hard to prevent tha
establishment of such a system.
They will be represented at the hear
ing to-day and J. Si. Langley of the Mer
chants' Association will appear In behalf
of the New York shipping interests, rep
resented by the members of that organi
zation.
The western people are advocating
graded rates — that Is. If a rate from New
York to San Francisco happens to be It
per 100 pounds, they contend that the rate
from Plttsburg on the same gonda should
be approximately 90 cents; from Chicago
SO cents: from the Mississippi River 7".
cents, and from the Missouri River 7t>
cents per 100 pounds, notwithstanding tho
fact that the rate from New York, is a
forced rate and not a rate that is the re
sult of normal conditions voluntarily es
tablished, t
Hearing Before the Inter
state Commerce Com
mission To-Day.
COAST WITS
GRADED RATES
The companies of the First Regiment of
Infantry will Indulge in target practice
and skirmish firing at the Presidio rifle
range this month. Companies A. B, C, D,
K and F will shoot Sunday. December 16,
and Companies G, H, I, J, K. L and M
on the following Sunday, commencing at
9 o'clock in the morning. The shooting will
be under the direction of First Lieutenant
William H. Tobln, Inspector of rifle prac
tice, with the following names scorekeep
ers for the first day: Lieutenants Joseph
A. Brown, Joseph N. Ross Jr., Harry F.
McGurren. Walter N: Kelly, William B.
Wesher and Andrew H. Irving, and ! for
the second day Lieutenants, Walter. S.
Gratton, William B. Corcoran, Albert C.
Adler, h. F. Ouedet, Frank E. Young and
Richard Collopy. ¦
Sergeant J. II. Prldeaux of Company M
There is some talk of giving the compa
nies some work in the near future aside
from the ordinary evolution of the drill
room. This, it is said, will Include guard
mount outside of the armory building,
field exerdne, street parades by moon
light and other exercises that will teach
the new men the art of war in a practical
manner.
The court-martial that is to try Captain
Firman A. NIppert of Company F. First
Regiment, upon a charge of having made
a false parade report will convene to-mor
row night in the regimental armory, on
Page street. The accused has engaged
two attorneys to represent him, and It Is
understood the defense will be on tech
nical grounds:
In view of the promises that have been
made to place the First Infantry Regi
ment in good condition after the holiday
season is over It is probable that the nrBt
irtep to be taken will be to recruit the
companies up to a number considerably in
excess of the minimum of organization,
which is fifty, and then arouse a spirit of
enthusiasm from the field oSIcers down.
One of the former officers of the regiment,
now on the retired list, speaking a few
days since of the apathy in- the guard in
this city fct this time, said: -
"The reason that the First Regiment is
not now what it once was Is because it
has no rival organization here. If, as in
the days of a few years since, there were
two or more regiments located here there
would now be that same good natured riv
alry that existed then, for each regiment
would seek to excel the other in appear
ance, drill and so on. Now there lsnon«
of that spirit. The boys have nothing to
be superior to, and the officers and mem
bers Beem to be content with going
through what has to be done in the, most
perfunctory' manner. A good, wide-awake
and up-to-date regiment j Is what we
need." - ¦_. -•'.
Lieutenant Colonel T. J. Hay, assistant
adjutant general of the Third Brigade, re
cently acted as Inspector of the brigade
In the absence of Major Varney Oasklll,
who was In Paris. The acting inspector
did not gain a very exalted opinion of the
brigade as a result of the inspection, for
in his report he will say that he did not
find it in the condition that it ought to
have been In. He will recommend that
several of the companies that are not up
to the standard bo disbanded.
Several years ago there existed in this
State an organization composed of officers
of the eeveral branches of the National
Guard, which met shortly before each
session of the Legislature and discussed
measures looking toward the betterment
of the guard. This organization has not
met for several years, but Major General
Dickinson in an unofficial way has sug
gested that it should meet again this year
and take some steps to Induce legislation
to the end that the guard may in the
near future be placed in such condition as
will make it a credit to the State, which
every year pay& a good sum to maintain
it. Such a meeting has been called for
the 15th lnst. .it division headquarters.
Meeting of Officers Called
to Discuss Ideas for
Betterment.
LEGISLATION
FOR GUARDSMEN
The church was organized by Rev. E. S.
I-acy. pastor of ths First Congregational
Church, a preliminary meeting having
been held a week before the formal or
ganization on December 9. 1S60. This
meeting was held in a little Baptist
During the evening services, Rev. J. K.
McLean D. D.. president of the Pacific
Theological Seminary, who was pastor
from 1S72 to 1S55. delivered a sermon, the
BUbj;;;:t tein*r "To Behold the Beauty of
the Lo:d and to Inquire in His Holy Tem
ple."
•j —
ard. E. P. Fllnjt, one of the oldest mem
bers of the church, gave an intercsrlns
historic;:; narrative, reciting some of the
important epochs in the life and develop
ni«::it ol the orst.inHsalion.
I.«agtie of the Cross Has Arranged
for Coining of the Noted •." ¦¦!
Pastor.
The League of the Cross has arrang-ed
with the Rev. Thomas P. McLaughlin,
pastor of Transfiguration Church, New
Tork. to deliver his famous lecture,
"Ancient Melodies of Ireland," In Metro
politan Hall on January 16. 1301. Father
McLaughlln is distinguished among the
Catholic clergy of the United States both
as a lecturer and a vocalist. He la an
authority on music, especially on nation
al melodies and popular ballads. He has
a remarkable tenor voice and he inter
prets the sweetness and charm of the
melodies of Erin better than any other
vocalist of the day. In his coming lecture
he will sine some of the most famous of
the Irish melodies.
The announcement of Father McLauch
lin's vinlt has occasioned considerable in
terest among the lovers of Irish music.
Father McLaughlln has been heard by
immense audiences In all the large cities
of the East and at the sessions of the
Catholic Summer School. General tick
ets of admission at llfty cents may be had
at room 87, Flood building. The reserved
scat sheet is also open at the same of
fice and those who wish to secure special
seats may do so during the week.
rev. t. p. Mclaughlin
WILL GIVE A LECTUBE
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 9.-An enthusi
astic crowd 2000 strong attended the op*n
:-k *rame of the Southern California Base
hall League to-day between the Levys
and the Maier & Zobeleins. Both teams
Played excellent ball and the game was
won by the Levj-B In the ninth Inning by
;i score of S to 2.
Levys Wins.
Mile, wofessior.al, hAndicAD— ¦ <Jut Lattboo
raentcfe) won. It*y H<*5g:wt <75 yard*) e*rond.
Hardy Downinr <»crau?h> third. Time. 2:07.
On* mile match rar*. b**t two In thre« —
JotaO* Lakf of N«w "Fork won first two beats.
Trank Hoffman *econd. Tlme-2:0«, 2:05.
Amateur. mil". handicap— A. C. Mul
<*T*trh» von. Guy W« <2O yard*) •wpoml, A.
J >; S r.y <S5 yar<3r) third. - Tim*. 1:12V,.
Thr**-mlle motor match raj-e— Stone an«
Suige won. Lawnon and Turvllle withdrew 'at
?f.« of «»oon4 mil* on aoeount of motor break
!!?.« down. Time. 4:42. Firrt mil* made In 1:51.
Races at Los Angeles.
I.OS AXGELKS. Dec. i. — The following
'.f e summary of the indoor bicycle races
.':! the Velodrome to-night*
"Mr. Williams is a splendid turfman
and if he has cabled to England for In
formation h»» probably does it sincerely.
However. I don't intend to ride at Oak
land or any other California track. I am
going to California for recreation. I have
h<>en fully prepared for the report* that
follow**d the news from England. A fel
low has to stand for them. A lot of peo
ple are asking questions, and in such a
way as to make It appear there Is more
!¦•<¦• hind the case than ip now known. This
matter cannot be fully settled until the
Jockey Club of England makes a more
complete statement, or at least give of
ficial notice. That will not rome probably
f<»r several months, until I apply for a li
cense."
Sloan Yet Hopes to Be Restored to
Standing' in England.
CHICAGO. Dec. 9.— Jockey Tod Sloan
«1»-clared here to-day that racing associa
tions of America need not prepare to re-.
fuse him a license to ride, as he did not
Intend to e?k any club in this country
for tbe privilege of taking mounts until
b« had either clearr-d his standing with
•the jockey club of England or been abso
lutely "turned' down." Sloan has decided
to practically risk his future reputation
on the treatment he g^ts when he returns
to Erneiaro 1 next fprir.fr.
After reading the rtport that President
Thomas H. Williams of the California
Jockey Club had telegraphed to England
to obtain additional information on the
ea**», with ihf ld>a of refusing to allow
Sloan the privilege to ride at Oakland if
the facts warranted it, Sloan paid:
WILL NOT EIDE IN AMEBJCA.
Swallows Morphine, Then Eag-ages
a Boom That He May Have a
Bed to Die Upon.
SACRAMENTO. Dec S.— J. A. Town
w-nd, an electrical lineman, procured a
dose of morphine at a late hour this after
noon, swallowed it and then coolly en
gaped a room in an uptown hotel so that
h«=- might have a bed upon which to die.
His condition was discovered, however,
and the Receiving Hospital ambulance
pent for. He was brought to the hospital
and efforts were made to counteract the
#>fTects of the poison, but without success.
The unfortunate man died at 10 o'clock
to-night.
At the hotel. Townsend asked a friend
to accompany him to the hospital and
watch him die. He gave no explanation
for hi? act. but it is said that he had been
drinking heavily. Townsend came here
two wof-ks ag-o. He leaves -a wife, at 631
West Exchange street. Akron. Ohio, and
a married sister residing on Chestnut
s-treet. Philadelphia. He was about 23
ypars old- and president of the Inter
national Electrical Workers of Akron,
Ohio.
DELIBERATE SUICIDE
OF ELECTRICAL LINEMAN
WASHINGTON, D«e. 9.— A mass meet-
Ing was held here to-day under the aus
pices of the Woman's Inter-Denomina
tlonal Union In the Interest of the pro
posed constitutional amendment prohib
iting polygamy In the United States and
In all Territories under its jurisdiction.
Dr. Josiah Strong of New York City pre
sided. ..
In an address be recalled the mass
meeting held a year ago In the eame
church to oppose the seating of Mr. Rob
erts of Utah In the House of Representa
tives and the sending of a petition to
Congress protesting against seating him,
and also asking for legislation prohibit
ing polygamy in all States. No action had
been taken on the request for an antl
polyoTuny law, said Dr. Strong, and . the
meeting was Intended to press the Issue.
A letter was read from ex-Senator Ed
munds.
Dr. Sarah J. Elliott of Moab, Utah, ex
pressed herself strongly In respect to
polygamy in Utah.
Resolutions were adopted urging prompt
action of Congress in submitting to the
several States the proposed amendments.
TJRGES PASSAGE OF
ANTI-POLYGAMY LAW
Cab> to The Call and New Tork H*r
»id. Coiiyrls-ht. 1900. by the Herald Pub
-¦ ire Company.
LONDON. Dec. 9.-Enirllsh shipping in
•.TfEtf axe much interested In the pro
;os«-d eubsldy lefrislatlon in the United
>':atfs. It le j?«>nerally believed here that
America Is filtering upon an era of ship-
I ng prosperity.
The Economist this w«»«k Kay» America
is beginning to contest •with England for
frei(rnty of the seas and expresses the
T>JnJon that bounties ar« not needed to
'ncourage ehipbullding: In the States. It
thinks th« tariff should be reduced and
the navicsition Jawe abrogated.
Watcning the Progress of the Sub-
sidy Bill in Congress.
GEEAT BRITAIN" INTERESTED.
ARMY BAKERS FIGHT
AND ONE USES- KNIFE
Disagreeing About Proper Way to
Make Bread, They Enter Into
1 Pugilistic Argument.
A difference of opinion as to the, proper
amount of the" ingredients necessary to
make a_frood batch of bread led to a stab
bing affray at the Presidio yesterday.
Chief Baker Tom Cleary advanced his
views based on his long experience, but
his ideas did not actee with those of
First Assistant Baker Eastman and a
hot argument ensued.
The men finally came together and in
the melee Eastman stabbed his chief sev
eral times In the neck and shoulders. The
wounds are not serious. The man who
used the knife was placed in the guard
house and Cleary was sent to the nospi
tal to have his wounds dressed.
BETHEL CHURCH HOLDS
BALLY TO RAISE FUNDS
Congregation Is Addressed by Elo
quent Speakers and Pleased by
Sacred Music.
A grand rally, participated In by the
congregation of the Bethel A. M. E.
Church, was held yesterday at the church
at 1207 Powell street for the purpose of
raising funds to pay ihe Interest on the
mortgage which encumbers the church
property.
Services opened at 6 a. m. with a sun
rise prayer-meeting and continued
throughout the day and evening. At 11
a. m. the Rev. E. T. Cottman and the
J^ev. Dr. Thompson addressed the con
gregation and at 3 p. in. the Rev. J. A. B.
Wilson delivered a leonon, choosing as
his text "Seed Sowing and Harvest." At
6 p. m. the Rev. E. T. Cottman and the
Rev - J. H. Pointer delivered addressee
on ••Christian Endeavur." Dr. Snelson,
pastor of the church, delivered the ser
mon at the evening service. The church
was crowded during 'he entire day. In
addition to the aervices the congrega
tion was treated to many beautiful vocal
selections by the following named: Mrs.
J. H. Fisher, Mrs. W. B. Powell. J. H.
Williamson. Miss Beatrice Harris. J. H.
Wilkerso'h and Mrs. Caahln.
This evening at 8 o'clock a grand mis
sionary rally will be Jeid, which the pub
lic is invited to attend.
fc • i i rTTTVTT~rTTn * J • * • • • • • •
has been appointed regimental sergeant
major of the First Infantry, vice Otto
Schwerdfeger.
Corporals Philip L. Bannon of Company
B and Walter J. Roussel of Company D
have been appointed sergeants, vice Gil
kyson and Seagrave. (Private William H.
Dusenberry of Company A has been pro
moted corporal, vice Loughrey. Privates
Seligmann Katz and William Williams
have been appointed musicians of Com
pany a.' •
Five privates of the First Infantry have
been discharged from the service of the
State for> removal, good of the service,
expiration of enlistment, exemption and
two-thirds vote, one for each cause.
Tuesday night Company F, First Infan
try, will entertain its members and their
friends in the Ellis-street Armory. The
committee in charge has arranged. an In
teresting programme of musical and lit
erary numbers, also a programme of the
up-to-date dances.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
DENVER, Dec 9.— A requisition for
Clinton Oxman. accused of swindling J.
Mayer Greene In Valparaiso, Ind., of
$10,000, was refused b'y Governor Thomas
yesterday. Attorney General Campbell,
in passing upon the requisition sent by
Governor Mount of Indiana, called atten
tion to the refusal of the Government to
extradite ex-Governor Taylor on the de
mand of the Governor of Kentucky when
it was proposed to try Taylor in connec
tion with the murder of William Goebel
in the State House yard at Frankfort.
Mr. Campbell advised the Governor that
Governor Mount had established a dan
gerous precedent In refusing requisition
papers for an indicted prisoner. He said
that the Hoosler Governor's conduct in
the Taylor case was a menace to society,
but that even though he should continue
to carry it out Governors of other States
should not follow any such rule even when
the Governor of Indiana asked them for
a prisoner.
Governor Thomas, however, seemed to
take the first and not the last part of tne
opinion to heart, for on a trifling techni
cality he refused the requisition, saying
that it was not in regular form.
GOVEB.NOB. MOUNT'S VIEWS.
Hints That Politics May Be at tho
Bottom of the Matter.
INDIANAPOLIS, Dec. 9.— Governor
Mount to-day received word that Gover
nor Thomas of Colorado has refused to
honor a requisition from Indiana, for the
return of Clifton Oiman of Princeton,
Ind., accused of defrauding in a real es
tate deal J. Mayer Greene of Chicago.
A special from Denver says the Indiana
Sheriff had Attorney General Campbell of
Colorado inspect the papers anu they were
declared legal. Afterward, it is stated,
Governor Thomas had a consultation with
Mr."" Campbell and then announced that
the papers were not made out in techni
cal form and this, taken In connection
with the attitude of Governor Mount of
Indiana in refusing to honor Governor
Beckham's reauisition for the return to
Kentucky of W. S. Taylor, who is now
living In Indiana, who was wanted in
Kentucky, ho said, would cause him to
refuse the requisition. Governor Thomaa,
it is stated, at the same time said that
severaJ other Governors had, he believed,
decided to take similar steps . regarding
Governor Mount, The matter- has cre
ated considerable comment. Governor
Mount, when told to-n!j:ht of Governor
Thomas' action, said he was surprised at
it.
"There may be something political in
this matter, eald ho, "but I am sur
prised that Governor Thomas resorts to
any so-called precedent in . his action en
the requisition. He cites my action in the
Kentucky case as a precedent, which,
he says, he is Inclined to follow. I con
sidered no precedent when I refused the
Kentucky reauisltlon.' I did so. because
I did not believe the men could get a fair
trial in their own State. .Governors do not
as a rule re*ort to precedents in acting
on cueh Questions.. Each* stands on its
own merits." . • .
Colorado Executive Will Not
Extradite Indiana
Swindler.
services were held in the present imposing
edifice, which is the church home.
Dr. McLean retired after twenty-three
years' pastorate to take charge of the
Pacific Theological Seminary. He was
succeeded by the' present pastor.
There will be a reception to-morrow
evening at the church in honor of the for
tieth anniversary celebration. The guests
of note will be Rev. George Mooar, Rev.
an^ Mrs. J. K. McLean, Rev. \vn-~,
Radcr, formerly assistant pastor, and Mr»
Rader; Mr. and Mrs. E. a. Williams in.d
Rev. and Mrs. Charles R. Brown. The an
niversary communion service will be cele
brated on Wednesday evening. The offici
ating clergymen will be Dr. McLean and
Dr. Mooar.
ONE GOVERNOR
SCORES ANOTHER
church, then on Jefferson street, near
Fourth The building is now the Salva
tion Army barracks on Ninth street, near
Washington Later the young society met
in an agricultural pavilion on the present
site of the county Courthouse. The con
gregation's first church was erected on
Broadway, between Tenth and Eleventh
streets. Rev. George Mooar arrived in
May, 1S61. and was installed as the first
pastor. He was selected by Rev. Martin
Kellogp, late president of the University
of California. A few years later the
church was enlarged and moved to face
on Washington street, near Tenth. In
1S72. when Dr. McLean was installed, the
membership had increased to 247. Seven
years later, on January 12, 1S79, the first
THE FIRST CONGREGATIONAL. CHURCH OF OAKLAND, AND ITS FIRST AND SECOND PASTORS. THE
SERVICES THAT WERE HEX.D YESTERDAY WERE IN COMMEMORATION OF THE FORTIETH ANNI
VERSARY OF THE ESTABLISHMENT OF THE CHURCH. ' ,
HECITATIONS CLOSE
AT STATE UNIVERSITY
Examinaticns Will Be Held During
Next T-wo Weeks, When Christ-
mas Vacation Begins.
BERKELEY. Dec. S.-Rc-citations for
•¦ •';¦ year closed at the University of Cali
• : :.:a yesterday. Fxamir.ations will com
• to-morrow and close Saturday. De
i • mber 22. Vacation will la*t until Mon
day, January 14. lie-examinations or ex
aminations f<->r the removal of entrance
defldencie* •will be held on Thursdav. Fri
day ur.d Saturday. January 10, 11 arid 12.
H».-L«Td«r Jerm-s Sutton'ha* announced
that ihe registration of graduate and un
<i< rpraduat*- students for the second half-
J'ar will be held in the gymnasium be
tweca 8 a. m and > p. m. on Monday, Jan
uary 14. Instruction will begin at 1 o'clock
on the same day.
Kxamir.ations " for the removal of en
trance deficiencies will be h< Id in North
Hall. Registration for these examina
tions will close January 5.
It is now generally agreed by the best
critics that certain of the plays Included
in the standard editions of Shakespeare
are not wholly his, but are partly tho
work of other dramatists, some of whom
can be Identified. The chief plays in this
class are "Titus Andronicus," the three
parts of "Henry VI," "The Taming of
the Shrew." "Timon of Athens," "Peri
cles" and "Henry VIII." To these may be
added "The Two Noble Kinsmen." which
is found In several of the editions.
Dowden aptly calls the first period of
Shakespeare's dramatic career "In tho
Workshop." Genius though he was, he
had to learn his art like inferior men. He
appears to have begun with work of a
comparatively low grade — such as might
be intrusted to an apprentice in dramatic
workmanship— the "fixing up" of plays
not his own that had their "run" but
might get a new lease of life on the
boards by partial reconstruction-
One of the first of these plays was
probably "Titus Andronlcus," which some
critics omit from the list of his work-*.
If he had anything to do with It (which is
probable from the fact that It Is at
tributed to him by writers of the time,
and is Included in th« folio of 1623, which
was compiled by two of his brother aci
ors and personal friends). It is quite cer
tain that it was only In this 'prentice way.
As early as 1687 Edward Ravenscroft,
in the preface of his adaptation of the
play, quotes an early tradition that "Ti
tus Andronicus" was th< work of "a pri
vate author" and received from Shakes
peare "only some master touches to one
or two of the principal parts or charac
ters." A few editors and critics believe
that Shakespeare was the sole author. If
he, was the play must b« several years
earlier than any other of his works and
must have been written under the in
fluence of the "blood and thunder" school
of tragedy, then happily in its last days,
which Shakespeare ridicules in the "Mid
summer Night's Dream," itself one of his
early plays. As Dowden puts it. "If It is
of Shakespearean authorship It may be
viewed as representing the period of
crude and violfent youth, before he -had
found his true self." l
Those who accept it as entirely his lay
much stress on the fact that It is Includ
ed in Francis Meres' list (OS) of twelve
plays by Shakespeare; but as it had been
revised by him it might be known In the
theater as "Shakespeare's Titus Andron
icus" to distinguish It from the original
drama, and eight or nine years later,
when the original was forgotten, the re-
Vision might come to be generally re
garded as an early production of the re
viser himself. ,
Another play whicn is almost unani
mously believed to have been only re
vised or retouched by Shakespeare in his
'prentice days is "I Jlenry VI." Some
critics think that the only part of It which
can confidently be ascribed to him Is the
Temple Garden scene (li., 4), where Som
erset and Plantagenet pluck the red and
white roses. Others add the scene (v.. 3. 45.
fol.), where Suffolk wooes Margaret. A.
few believe that he wrote the whole or the
greater part of the play.
The question of tne authorship of "II
and III Henry VI," is more complicated,
and to give even an outline of the various
attempts to answer it would be Impossible
here. Suffice it to say that these plays
are evidently founded upon two earlier
plays. ,ln which Shakespeare may or may
not have had a hand and that his share
in the revised versions, though apparent
ly much greater than in "I Henry VI,"
is not easily determined. (For a concise
summary of the discussion I may refer
the reader to my edition of "II Henry
VI." pages 9-15. or to Dowden's "Shakes
peare s Primer, pages 74-7S. a book which
every student in these Record courses
should own.)
"The Taming of the Shrew" is another
and later instance of an old and anony
mous play, "The Taming: of the Shrew,"
which Shakespeare revised, giving his
attention mainly to the characters of
Katharine and Petruchio. The old play
had previously been modified by an un
known writer. As the history of this
Elay was fully treated In last year's
takespeare course, I need not dwell
upon it here. ¦«.
"Timon of Athens" is Shakespeare's
only '*\ part, as the critics almost unan
lmousiy agree, though they differ In their
explanations of the divided authorship.
Knight, the Cambridge editors and a few
others believe that the dramatist worked
over an earlier play, parts of which, for
some reason or other, he retained •with
slight alteration. On the other hand, the
majority of editors, Including Gollancz
and Herford, the very latest, regard it aa
an original work of Shakespeare's, which
he laid aside or left unfinished, and which
¦was completed by an Inferior writer.
Ti.ere are difficulties In either theory, but
the latter is by far the more probable.
There is little difficulty In separating
Shakespeare's part of "Timon" from that
of the other writer, and there would be
less or none were it not that in somo
scenes we have the work of the two hands
mixed, the finisher of the play having at
tempted to rewrite portions of It, but
blending more or less of the original gold
with his own baser metal. "We can se3
that the gold is there, but cannot sepa
rate It from the alloy. Mr. F. G. Fleay
has edited what he believes to be Shakes
peare's "Timon" for the New Shakes
peare Society, and it may be found in
their "Transactions" for 1874. pages 131-191 :
but. as Dr. Furnivall suggests. It seems
better on the whole to print the entire
play, putting the non-Shakespearean
parts In smaller type, so that the reader
or student may ludtre for himself whether
anything in these portions is Shakes
peare's or not. I have adopted this
course In my edition of the play.
"Pericles" la one of the standing enis:
mas of Shakespearean criticism, though
recent investigation has. In my opinion,
gone far toward solving It. One editor
Jocosely compares his perplexity concern
ing It to that oX the worthy man -who
said to his wife: "I hear so much about
the age of pericles. My dear, what are
pericles?"
That Shakespeare did not write tho
whole of the play Is now quite unanimous
ly conceded; that he did write a part of
it is almost as generally agreed. All crit
ics see at least two hands in the composi
tion; some believe that they recognize*
three.
We may safely say that the first two
acts are not Shakespeare's, and that the
offensive prose scenes in act IV and the
Cower matter are the work of some in
ferior writer, and perhaps not the same
who wrote the first two acts.
It Is to be noted that the last three acs
(omitlng the portions Just mentioned)
form a complete story of drama in them
selves—an artistic whole, not unworthy
of Shakespeare In his maturest period.
This has been separated and edited by Mr.
Fleay for the New Shakespeare Society,
and is printed under the title of "The
Birth and Life of Marina" in the "Trans
actions" for 1874. pages 211-241.
The main theories concerning the his
tory of "Pericles" as It stands are much
like those concerning "Timon." Some
critics suppose that the first two acts aro
part of an earlier play by another author,
and that Shakespeare rewrote, or rather
partially rewrote, this for hla own theater
in London. According to this view he al
lowed the opening acts of the original to
stand, and was content to give all his
labor to the latter part of It. The prose
scenes In act IV may have been Inserted
subsequently to suit the popular taste or
for some "stage" reason past our finding
out at this late day.
Another theory, so Improbable that It la
hardly worth mentioning. Is that the play
was written by Shakespeare and some
other dramatist ¦who ¦worked in partner
ship, or collaboration, a common practica
with the playwrights of that period. The
double authorship of other plays—
"Timon," "Henry VIII" and "The Two
Noble Kinsmen" — has sometimes been ex
plained in the same way.
But there Is no external evidenea what
ever that Shakespeare ever entered Into
any such literary partnership, and. In ray
opinion, the internal evidence of all these
plays Is decidedly against the theory.
This Is particularly true of "Pericles."
To say nothing of reasons drawn from the
dramatic structure of the play, the ques
tion is settled, to my thinking, by metri
cal considerations alone. Shakespeare
was eminently a metrlst. He was born
with the metrical or rythmleal ear. His*
earliest work, whether we suppose It to be
"Venus and Adonis" or some of the son
nets or plays like "Love's Labor's Lost"
and "The Two Gentlemen of Verona."
shows thlss artistic metrical skill, which
is invariably— naturally and of necessity
combined with extreme sensitiveness to
metrical Imperfections In others. »lf
Shakespeare wrote "Pericles'* or any
other play In conjunction with another
author he must of course have read what
his partner wrote, and ft Is absolutely In
conceivable that he could have tolerated
in the joint production such wretched
verse as we find In "Pericles" or "Tl
mon." I doubt whether he would have
consented to collaborate with such a man.
but if he did he would have Insisted upon
being allowed to put his partner's harsh
and halting lines into better shape. I can
Imagine him, after reading some of thte
verse — If verae It can be called— saying to
the author, as he made Hotspur say of
the "ballad-mongers":
"I bad rather hear a brazen caxutick turn'd.
Or a dry wheel prate on the axletree:
And that would set my teeth nothing on edge.
Nothing so much as [poetry !•"*« this]:
*Tls like tbe forced salt of a shuffling nag."
I may add what he makes Rosalind say
In criticism of Orlando's love verses:
"Cella— Didst thou hear these v«rse»T
"Rosalind — Oh. yea, I heard them all. an<i
more, too, for some of them had In them more
feet than the verses would bear.
"Cella— That'* no matter; the feet mlffht bear
"Rosalind — Ay. but th» feet wn» lame an-l
could not bear themselves without the verse,
and therefore stood lamely in the verse."
And Touchstone compares the Jingling
rhymes to "the right butterwoman's rank
to market" — the mere Jogtrot of verse —
and again he calls it "the very false gal
lop of verse." These and other pa3.sage9
that I might quote Bhow Shakespeare's
critical way of looking at versification.
The rhymes of the clowns In the "Mid
summer Night's Dream" are better versa
than much In "Pericles" and "Tlroon."
The feet are at least all right in the inter
lude of the Athenian artisans, the bur
lesque features being the excess of alliter
ation, the absurd figures, and other
rhetorical extravagances. Imperfect rhy
thm the poet seems to have considered
too bad ever for Bottom and his crew.
Can we suppose that he could have en
dured it In a dramatic composition of
which he was to be known as joint au
thor?
Note — This nturty. bv Dr. W. J. Rolfe.
will be concluded on Thursday,
Fortieth Anniversars of First Congregational Church of Oakland,
Grow!! From Fourteen Members, Is Fittinglu Celebrated,
OAKLAND. Dec. 9.— On Sunday,
December 9, 1S60, the First Con
gregational Church of this city
was organized with a. membership
"•' of fourteen person^ To-day the
1300 members of that church celebrated
the fortieth anniversary of Its birth, and
among those who took part in the inter
esting services were the three pastors who.
have served the church during Its life
time. During the morning services tiio
Rev. George Mooar, D. D., who was the
tlrst pastor, occupying the pulpi* from
1SC1 to 1S72, preached a discourse, partly
reminiscent and partly theological. Rev.
Charles R. Brown, the present pastor, 'n
troduced the aged clergyman, who has
lived to witness the great grovrth from
the little band of worshipers ae came
forty years ago to minister unto.
The anniversary exercises attracted
many members who had been affiliated
with the church for years past. There
waa a special programme of muilc.
Immediately after the conclusion of the
mornii.g services the Sunday school ex
ercises were opened in the chapel. The
celebration was opened by Superintendent
F. F. Barbour with a «st,ng by the Sunday
school. Thei, followed the reading of the
twenty-third psalm. Miss • Hlbberd ren
dered a violin solo and there was respon
sive reading by the former superinten
dent, C Z. Merritt. H. L. Taylor gave a
solo and prayer was offered by Cary How-
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Eaton,
THIRTY SHAKESPEARE JEX/EINIINGS.
PLAYS OF DOUBTFUL AUTHORSHIP."
Thomas Clear, His Assailant, Ar
rested — Bow Said to Be Over
an Attempt to Abduct a
Child.
?
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Dec. S.
With his skull fractured and his no-?e
broken Antone Galindo, a tamale ped
dler, was taken to th* Receiving Hospi
tal to-night, his condition being the re
eult of a brawl ax the corner of Fourth
and Clay streets. Tom Clear, a peddler,
according to statements made to the no-
lice, struck Galindo a blow in the face,
breaking his nose and knockins him
down. The fractured skull was caused by
his striklnc on the- back of his heiid on
the cement sidewalk.
The skull was fractured at the base of
the brain and Gahndo was unconscious
and dying when taken to the hospital.
The affray occurred a.t Q:30 o'clock. John
Wright, who resides across the street and
whose son witnessed the affair, sent for
the police and the injured man was takea
to the City Hall. Captain Petersen saw
that the prisoner required surgical atten
tion and had him sent post-haste to the
hospital.
From the information gathered by Chtef
of Police Hodgklns Detectives Kyte and
Hamerton anu several policemen, Gailn
do's attempt to abduei Cornice Cunning
ham, the 8-year-old aauphter of Mrs. j.
Cunningham, who resides at ~oo~i 1'ourth
street, was the cause of the assault.
Mrs. Cunningham furnishes the following
story:
"I had been calling on Mrs. Lester, who
lives in the rear of the house Gallndo was
in. One of my children, Bernlce, was
playing on the sidewalk and 1 was inside
talking to Mrs. Lester, when a child ran
in and said Gallndo had picked up Bernice
and was walking away with her. 1 ran
out and saw Gaiindo with Bernice in his
arms. I grabbed her away from him. say
ing 'What are you doing with my child?"
"He replied, thickly, T was getting her
away from the hoodlums around here.'
"But there was nobody round the corner
and 1 did not understand what he meant
by such an answer. I took the girl, went
back and got my other child and returned
to my own home across the fetreet. I
heard nothing more about the matter un
til a few minutes after I got home. Some
one told me Galindo had been hurt and
that he had tried to use a knife. I did
not see anything of any fight. It is possi
ble that the trouble 1 had with him about
the child may have led to this other dlf-
iiculty."
Mrs. Lester corroborated Mrs. Cunning
ham's statement, but she saw nothing of
the difficulty.
George Wright, son of the man who
called the police, told the officers that
Galindo had made some remarks to Tom
Clear at the street corner, that Clear had
told Galindo to move on and they had a
quarrel, during which Clear knocked the
tamale man down.
Wright told the police that after knock-
Ing down Galindo, Clear and a companion
carried the injured man across the street,
leaving him in a vacant lot. The lad also
declared that Mrs. Cunningham had wit
nessed the assault and had upbraided
Clear for Etriking Galindo.
Mrs. Cunningham denied that she *aw
the fight.
Cl£ar was arrested at 11 o'clock to-night
by Detectives Kyte and Hamerton and
Special Policeman Ford at Kelly's saloon.
Second* and Clay streets. He told contra
dictory stories and at last refused to die
cuss the affair. He was positively identi
fied by the boy Wright.
Gallndo is middle-aged, and is of the
Spanish-Californian family of early set
tlers in Alameda County whose name he
bears. He has a sister. Miss Lucy Galln
do, residing on Thirteenth street, near
Franklto. His condition indicated that he
had been drinking considerably. He lay
unconscious and bleedine on the sidewalk
for twenty minutes after he fell before the
police were called.
BLOW AND FALL
MAY CAUSE DEATH
Antone Galindo Polled in a
Row and His Skull Is ,
Fractured.
DURING FOUR DECADES HAS
IT PROSPERED IN CHRIST
Oakland Onye San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Dec. 9.
"While on her way home to-night at 9
o'clock. Mips Jennie Jones, 20 years old,
tta? attacked by a brutal ruffian at San
»\iblo avenue and Forty-second street.
Hmeryville. knocked down, kicked and
throttJed. Her assailant stuffed a hand
kerchief in her mouth and tried to choke
her into submission.
During the struggle a San Pablo avenue
t icctric car came into view. The car men
heard the rounds of the struggle and ran
t>' i he cirl s rescue. The unknown man
Jumped to liis teet and made his escape
toward 1'aric avenue. The motonnan and
conductor, instead of pursuing him, at
,:«:..:ed to the haJf-dead girl, who was suf
fering intensely from the brutality and
The shock, and was unable to talk when
:-:;*- reached her home a few blocks dis
•. r.at.
A.- soon as she reached her home phy
f:r;ans were called. The etrl's condition
U .--erious. <«.
The attack occurred jut. f* Miss Jones
Vv;i.« in the shadow of the California and
Nevada Itailroad depot. She was walking
rapidly, when suddenly the garroter
Jumped in front of her. and before the
young woman could scream, had thrown
her heavily to the ground.
She struggled with all her strength to
escape from the brute's clutchep. but was
» hoked almost to suffocation, kicked and
t^.aten. As he was gagging his victim
with a handkerchief the rescuers hove in
j-ipht.
The assault occurred outside of the city
limits, but the girl's father. Humphrey J.
Jones, went to the Oakland City Prison
and atked the night force to assist him In
Uw s-rarch for his , daughter's brutal as
s-.-i'.unt. Captain Peter*en detailed a num
1 er of r>olioemen to act with Town Mar
:-haI Cushing of Kmeryvllle in an effort
to trace the ruffian.
The only description obtained of the
¦man was that he wore a heavy black
Mourh hat and a long overcoat.
Conductor and Motonnan of an Elec
tric Car Come to the Rescue as
Fiend Is Gagging His
Victim.
Miss Jennie Jones Attacked
by a Ruffian While Going
to Her Home.
BRUTAL ASSAULT
ON YOUNG WOMAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO tCALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1900.
, Switzerland cultivates 35.000.000 fruit
trees. v< I IMlWMfhlMlllM«iMWTT Hi I n/>\ I ill ¦
".- An Improved ¦ mall service has . been In
stalled In Frankfort, Germany, the tram
way company having recently added seven
automobile cars and Beven, trailer -cars to
the street railway mail service. ¦ • ¦
Mill Operatives Strike.
JfKW BEDFORD, Mass.. Dec 9.—To
morrow morning nearly 1000 operatives
will remain away from tha Acushnet and
Hathaway mills, owing to a dispute with
their employers on th« subject of stop
pace of pay.
New Class for State Normal.
XYI.
7THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 19Q0.
8
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Baa Fr-ndsoo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
ur.tll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCn OFOTCES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until S:30 p. m.
800 Haver street: open until 9:30 Pl m.
t33 McAllister street: open until 9:S0 p. — .
C15 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1<*41 Mission Ftreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until 8 f. m.
106 Eleventh Ftreet; open until 8 p. m.
:i ;¦(¦ Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets : open until 9 p. m. '
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commander}' No 1«, jr.
K. T.. Golden Gate building. 625 Sutter t tjgf-
«.— Special assembly THIS EVEN- fj
ING at 8 o'clock. The order of the ykS
Temple will be conferred. All t raters »
are courteously invited.
robt. McMillan. b_ Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
KING BOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. *
and A M.. Franklin Hall, Fillmore J^
B t b^w.cn Bu:-h and Sutler— Third Jfjf
decree THIS EVENING, at 7:30. fV>
HARRY BAEHR, Bee.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. L I. O. xj*M<i_b.
0 F-— Members, cr.e ar.d all. ar
recreated to attend regular meet-
ing MONDAY EVENING. Dec. 10. -^»«^
for the purpose of paying a fraternal visit to
Ihe Veteran Odd Fellows. Lodge will open at
££. J. H. HANSEN. X. O.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores* Union Association
Members— You are hereby notified to attend
vour regular meeting THIS (MONDAY)
EVENING. December lfl, at 7:80 o'clock
sharp. A full attendance is requested, aa
busJnesa of vital Importance will come before
tie rr.eetmg. A. CAMPBELL. President.
F. E. DURHAM. Rec. Sec.
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THH
6AN FKANCISCO DRY DOCK COMPANY u
hereby given that, in pursuance of a resolu-
tion or the Beard cf Directors of aald com-
pany, ur-anlmous'.y adopted at a meeting of
talfl board, held et the office of the com- ;
pacy, in the city and county of San Francisco,
Ktiite of California, en the ZSth day of Octo-
ber 1900. a meeting of the stockholders of the
Ban Fran^iRco Dry Dock Company will be ;
held at the office of the company, number SCJ
California atreet San Francisco. California
<the [..: - being the principal place of busi-
ness cf paid corporation and the building
where the Board cf Directors usually meet),
en Tuesday, the Sth day of January. 19CL at
the hour of 10 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose
of cor.ridering and acting upon the proposi-
tion to create a bonded Indebtedness of said
e orporaticn to the amount in the aggregate of
f. ve hundred thousand (JaOO.000) dollars.
T'rlted etatee gold coin, for the purpose of
raising funds to be used in building and
equipping a new drydock. and for other legiti-
mate and necesFary purposes of the corpora-
tion. 6uch bonded Indebtedness to be secured
\y a morUr&ee cr deed of trust upon all the
property row own<*d by said corporation, or
which it may hereafter acQuire.
I3y order cf the Board of Directors.
W. F. RUSSELL.
Secretary cf San Francisco Dry Dock Com -
pary^
TI!n trnual meeting of the stockholders of the
Nevada Naticr.al Bar.k of San Francisco, Cal.,
w','1 be held at its banking houee, SM. Mont-
£nmery Ft.. Pan Francisco. Cal., on TUES-
IiAY. January S. 1&C1. at 3:16 o'clock p. m.. i
for the election of directors to eerve for the |
ensuing year ar.d tfce transaction of such '
other buflnes* as may come before the meet- I
!ne. GEO. GRANT. Cashier.
San Francisco. December S. ISOd.
AGENTS WANTED.
LADIES ar.4 gentlemen to sell perfumes; large
sales during holidays; b'.g profits; city and
ruts-ide towns. 12?£ Market et.. room 1 opp.
Odd Fellows' building.
%'JA TO X'Mi per month: men cr women: salary
or commission. iZ". Market Ft., room €15.
ASPHALTIM ROOKING.
J. PELTIER, arphait roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: ;>x=tal. 11^6 Mission: tel. Folsom 16<fl.
ASTROLOGY.
PR. C. TOt'FEY TAYLOR. Scientific Attrolo-
per— Free cpy "The Xew Moon." 76S Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. 1^7 Market St.. Cth floor, room 627
— Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all c_ses; fair fees; no advance
charges; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537. ]
ADVICE free; dlvurce law a specialty; private; I
no fee without success: collections. G. W. i
HOWE, atty at law.fc.~.Q Market, cor. Stockton.
I. EDW. JARTiETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market «=ts. ; phone Red 12SZ.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON'. ?::, Market Bt.. opp. Mason.
L. K. CLARK. Kmma Spreckels bldg.. S27 Mar-
k»-t St.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
CHEAPEST and best in America-The Weekly
Call, 16 pages. Bent to any address in the
Tniteii i :: :a^e^s. rostfaid. for tl per year.
BATH CABINETS.
IIOEIN'SON", Niagara, PerfectioiTaad others^wl
P liROWX CO.. agency. 42S Ellis St.. 6. F.
DKVCLES For Sale or Exchange.
BICYCLES at reduced prices: we are clearing
out our 15-90 models to make room for new
1M»1 Ftocic Yosemlte Cycle Works. 1522 Market.
BUSINESS CHANCES. '
A— S450O; saloon; eetab. 20 years; close to Chror
icie bldg.; stock will Invoice the price; lease;
rlace known as one of the best-paying resorts
in th'.g city. Call It. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearay.
$4<jt>— CORNER ealoon on Davis rt. : no Sunday
or night work; rent «5O; a Hrst-cla«s paying
preposition. Inquire K. G. WILKE, 2€»»
Kearny et.
JoOO— FOR sale — Ealoon, one block north cf
Market Et. ; under present ownership over a
dozen years; reasonable rent: examine stock:
rare chance. Particular R. G. WJLKE, 26V4
Kearny et.
A— $500; CORNER ealoon on Jackson St.; rent
120: kept by present owner 7 years: good busi-
ne«' clearing $1_> per month. R. G. WIL1CE.
2t^4 Kearny Et.
A-OYSTEIt depot; price $1500; place doing a
l&rge business, mostly wholesale: cash trade;
not less than t_^> profit per month; fullest in-
vestigation solicited. Particulars R. G.
WIL.KE-, 2G^s Kearny «t.
A— S70C-; SALOON and lunch house; eurrouaded
by wholesale houses and machine shops; es-
tablished years; rent 130; rplendid offer. Call
It G. WILKE. 2C^t Kearay Bt.
A— $7M; ONE-HALF Interest In good paying
restaurant en Kearny st. ; a nrst-class prop-
osition for the right party. R. G. WILKE.
£6H Kearny »t-
A— 1_00; BAKERY, corner. In Western Add.;
estab. many years; 4 horses, wagon, etc; bak-
ing 4 barrels per day; & living room*, bath;
rent ISO; 6 years' lease; death of owner causa
of sale. R. G. WILKE. 2$^ Kearny gt.*
A HALF-INTEREST in an old established
laundry; horse and wagon; price $500; a first-
class paying business; or will sell one-third
interest at the same price and invest the
money for machinery. Call R. O. WILKE,
H,y~ Kearny et.
A— BUTCHER ehop; best corner location: big
bargain. COWING & CO.. 71» Market St.
A — DRUG rtore; fine rash business; corner lo-
cation; snap. COWING & CO., 71$ Market st.
A — PLUMBING ehop: good location; come at
once. COWING St CO.. 71» Market st-
KIR&T -CLASS raloon for eaje; on account of
death; tl&QO. Call Z5_Fell st.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market Bt.
Rranch bakery; 6 living rooms; rent »15». J1S0
Book etore ; income JoOO; one-third profit.. 1600
Delicatessen; clearing J1&0 month 500
Wholesale liquor store; estab. 18 years... 2600
Water front ealoons. $750 and too
OLD-ESTABLKHED and well-paying corner
grocery aMT bar; excellently located; wej
stocked; completely furnished 'with all mod-
ern fixtures pertaining to the business; sell-
ing for one-half Its actual value. M. A.
BROOKS, 1J Golden Gate av*.
A— WANTED, a good tenant for grand corner
store end basement with fixtures suitable for
grocery business; epecial inducements. Jlo-
ply A. M. SPECK A CO.. 667 Market St.
IF you want to buy, sell or exchange anything
on earth aee E> J. LUXDD*. 835 Market st
A — TO whom It may concern: I am ready for
business: give me a call: I sell lodging-
bouses, saloons, cigar stands, restaurants and
bakeries; this Is where you will get a njuare
deal. JOHX W. BRACE. S06 Market, rms. 7-«.
J2O0- PARTNER wanted as cashier; will clear
over $100 mo. and board; no experience req.;
money used In busineas; return money in 30
days if not satisfied. €19 Montgomery st.
flOO— PARTNER wanted In small restaurant:
doing a good buslneas; no experience re-
quired. I'jS Fourth e-
TWO-CHAIR 60 barber ehop cheap at 8K*£
Howard et. Inquire at 206 Lnngton St.. after
C p. ra.'
ty a \TFD— Paying business that can stand In-
I above $500. Box 711. Call offlce,
TV k VTFD-Tt) boy laundry route, with good
horU^nd wagon. Inquire M. W1NTHER. CM
Howard Et.
A -FINE restaurant; central locatlc_: big
business bonton: cheap rent; paying. 827
__rk«t gt-. room 615.
YOUNO man want- lady or jrentlen-an partner;
1600; legit-nate bwlneaa, JJc* 288, oSflce,
BUSIXESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
RESTAURANT doing a good business for sale;
a good chance for man and wife with family;
furniture all new; give a trial for week or
more; best location. Box 467, Call offlce.
A— $4000; BREWERY and bottling works; own-
er has other business; cannot attend to both;
will sell half or whole. See ownsr. 605 Battery.
BICYCLE shop, cyclery, machinery, etc., for
sale; besjt town on this coast; account of
sickness; aacriflcea $S0O. Box 6S3. Call.
RESTAURANT for sale, with lease; good pay-
Ing buslneas; safe, cash register, etc; open
for inspection. 135 Ellis at
FOR sale— Nice coffee and chop house, cheap,
immediately, by an old lady; sickness the only
reason. 16I2H Folaom st
LAUNDRY route; good paying route; horse,
wagon and harneta. Inquire 15G3 Mission st
CORNER grocery and bar, cheap; flne stock;
a bargain. Apply 30 Lily av.
A BAKERY, delicatessen and confectionery
etore; |200. 948 Howard at
CANDY, book and stationery store, $350. 817»4,
OTarrell at.
BAKERY— Business corner, oven, fixtures, / to
l«t; 24th & Guerrero. Owner. 1_ Chattanooga.
A NO. 1 restaurant and coffee parlor for aala.
Call at 41» Kearny at.
NO. 1 city retail business for sale: a bargain;
fullest Investigation. Box 459. Call.
FINE chance for shoemaker; old eta— d to let
cheap. 32tl Twenty-fourth at
A BRANCH offloe for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MARION ORIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg?
75 rooms, clears $175. flne location $2600
7 rooms, central, rent $30, bargain 175
18 rooms, elegant furniture, two en-
traaces, a first-class transient house.... 3000
14 rooms, alckness. rent $35. snap 500
23 rooms, offices, new furniture, rent only
$75; A No. 1 location; worth 12500 1900
56 rms., rent $115. new houce, new furn.. 2600
12 rooms, rent $45. flne furniture, good
carpets, house always full, good location 750
84 rooms, put $33 in bank In November 1300
M rooms, N. of Mkt., rent $65. clears $64.. 800
I 60 rooms, rent $100, guaranteed full 3200
t «5 rooms, reduced from $5000, owner sick.. 3500
MONEY loaned on lodsrlng-housea, 1H P- c. ;
anything you -want in lodging-houaes; s'mpls;
37 rooms; on Powell st. ; rent $175; price. .$1900
24 rooms; on Leaveaworth; rent $125; price 1900
16 rooms; on eunny side; rent $25; price.. 760
7 rooms; on Geary et.: rent $40; price 450
Good paying restaurant, near Hall of Justice,
for sale or exchange for lodging-house ; 17
rooms In center of Oakland, with front block,
lawn, palms, flowers, roses, no work, full of
teachers, income $S5, price $1300, half cash,
rent $32: a J450 piano for $200.
For quick ealea list your houses with A. L.
WILLEY. 918 Market St.; phone Black 6215. '
ALL the latest bargains come to us.
From 6 to 200 rooms. $125 to $25,000.
100O houses to choose from; fair and honest
treatment; some first-class family hotels in
all locations.
W« assist you half the purciaa* money;
cash or easy terms. HAYES & WILSON.
S3S Market at. (The Elite.)
A FEW BARGAINS— WO houses to select from;
money loaned to buyers.
15 rooms; rent $65; clears $50 a mo.: prioe. $$00
: 86 rooms; rent $175; clears $116 mo.; prlce$2000
24 rooms; rent JSO: pays $S5 a mo.; price.. .$1000
. 47 rooms; rent $60; profitable: price $1100
SCHWEINHARD.
Rooms 1-2. No. 917 Market st. bet. 5th & 6th. j
A— C2-ROOM house; central $1000 |
20-room house; first-class • 1050 1
11-room house; $475; 6-room flat 325
20-room house: Eddy: rent $75; only 900
¦ FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market at
SNAP — 11 rooms, furnished: clears $25 per mo.;
only $125. FISHER & CO., 1C32 Market st
CHOICE list of lodging-houses.
$1400; 22 rooms; furnished flne.
J300; 9 rooms; elegantly furnshd.; well located.
$600; 2S rooms; rent $42.
$850; 17 rooms; rent $50.
Many such at the office. No. 3 Eddy st,
Rooms 1 and 1.
R. H. WINSTON * CO., 1026 Market St.
18 rooms; rent $55; make offer $750
63 rooms; cheap rent; only 2100
90 rooms; corner; elevator 6300
100 rooms; new; modern; part cash.
CO ROOMS; rent $150 $22t«D
12 rooms; nicely furnished....' 90C
.100 rooms; elegant furniture 60CO
Will loan from J100 up at l\i per cent.
I DAVIS & RIVES, r. 69. 916 Mkt ¦_ i
i FOR 6ale — Lodiring-house of 3S rooms: well fur- j
nished. 543 Howard et.. near Second. ;
1800— BARGAIN; lod£lng-hou?e of 26 rooms; j
I clears $S.it month: easy work. Inquire 'Call. !
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
COLUMBUsTbUGGY 80!. clearance "sale; low^ J
wheel, rubber-tire road wagon, $S0; other
etyles at proportionately low prices; suitable j
Xmas presents. Markt. nr. 9th., opp. St. Nich. |
j ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness, i
! etc.. cheap. EG AN & SOX, 2117 Mission et. j
GOOD 2-horse delivery top wagon for 6ale
[ cheap. Inquire 1122 Noe at., near 24th.
BARGAIN — 4-sprina; wagon, pole and shafts,
Frazer cart. 21,'G Mission, near 27th.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for safe cheap. 532 Mission, j
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carta & har- j
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia, j
1 I
SPIRITUALISM.
j ¦--.- r-u-T_j-iu-u-^ J -x«»-«-«-r^ J r>_.-^ l jvinj-jmj-j^^t.v .j-.j-lj-lj-.^j-.j-j^. nnnnnm
j MKS. DR. FARNHAM, world-renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law-
1 suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
I mining a specialty; cirs. Sun., Wed.. Fri. eVe;
come and be convinced. Permanently-located j
j 613 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
j MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test, business me-
dium and life reader; also medical clairvoy-
ant: treats all diseases at offlce or by letter; j
elttlngg. $L 1164 O' Fan-ell st. ; take Ellis car.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, I
healer and card reader. H6 Eddy et ¦
t EDW. EARLE. elate writer, removed 300 Ellis, I
cor. Taylor: Sunday night. Pythian Castle.
C. MAYO-STEERS. 112H Oak st, readings. $1;
hours 1 to S p. m.; tel Howard 627.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, elttinirs: conv-incing tests to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYAXTS.
CONSULT SANDERS for health and fortune.
Consult BANDERS for spiritual development.
Consult SANDERS for wedded bliss.
Consult SANDERS for Biblical interpretation.
Consult SANDERS for lucky days & numbers.
Consult SANDERS for lost property.
Consult SANDERS on all love affairs.
Consult SANDERS and learn what to do.
Consult SANDERS for immediate good luck
Consult SANDERS regarding oil and mining.
Circles Thursdays, 2 p. m. and I
Fridays at 8 p. m., 25c
Consult SANDERS dally at £14 Taylor St.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at lifot Mar-
ket at., corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for pamph-
let with special terms.
MME, PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight:
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 60. 128 Turk!
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given In all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 2Sc up. 17 Third at., next Examiner.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market opp
tth: private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, in the great palm-
lst and card reader; 26o. 7 Seventh st
PALMISTRY, card reading; articles read clair-
voyantly gratia. 732 Eddy, nr. Polk, no sign.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, mel
dium: 25c up. 823 Mission at, nr. 4th; ring belL
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past
present future; 26c 14S Sixth st., room 14.
MME. RENNER, clairvoyant, palmist, planet
reader. Be; ladles only; German spkn. 728 Ellis.
MME. HELMUTH, card reader, aatrologist—
Ladles, 26c; German spoken. S38 Mission st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. MELVILLE, will-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
GYPSY; genuine clairvoyant; located 10 days 114
Turk st; ladles, 2>c; gents, 60c. "rrawley."
____, 8CIIAFTTSR. clairvoyant card reader*
sittings dally. 4«% Jessie st.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny st, rooms 8-10.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25o up. S Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEAXINoT
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-B«at-
l&g Works, 353-367 Tehama st ; tel. South 40.
STANDARD. 213 Guerrero— Curt aim and blan-
keta renovated. Me per pair; carpets cleaned
8c yd; laying a specialty, l'hona Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at to per yard, laid at 6c
STRATTOX'g. I Eighth at; tel. Jessie »44.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. O\ H?
STEVENS. Mgr.. 88-40 Sth St.; tel. South 210.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 401 Sutter at.:
tel. Main 894. OEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beatins- Works, 333 Golden
Gat* are,; telephone East US.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, ingrown •nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless: consul'n free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION i OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms. 3655 Nineteenth st, be-
tween Guerrero and Dolores; rent $3.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 3S33— Cottage of 3 rooms;
large yard; rent $8.
DEXTISTS.
AT^heiEL*E^TlRb^l5ENTAL"cLTNlcr809^ar^
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without- plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P., Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 60c; plates,
$5. full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by jay won-
derful secret, painless method ; 20 years' . ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates ara
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas giveu.
"''MAIN Offlce" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
Market ft, bet Sixth and Sevenths consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
MODERN DENTAL PARLORS, 1206 Market
st; expert extracting, crown and bridge work.
A. L. SIMPSON. D. D. 8.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full aet of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 23o.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. Ck
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. .
* DEPILATORY. •
O. C. C— A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not Irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate akin laments
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag*cy, 428 Ellis.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery^School;
patterns ,gut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Poet, over O'Connor & Moflatt
DRESSMAKING; reasonable prices; dresses
made over; perfect fit. 387 Geary at
SKIRTS mad* latest style from $1 up. 127
Turk at
EDUCATIONAL.
OALLAGHER-MARS.H College, Parrott Bldg.—
Ehorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post Bt,
8. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy English branches, civil.
¦ electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; newEO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AIRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; day
and evening; Individual Instruction, $8 per
month; ' life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
Ehorthand. telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
ATTENTION!— Tarr's pupils thorough book-
keeping figures; Ebort time; college graduates
perfected; expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
leasons by mail: acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. S02 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full cours-> this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. : est. 1?64.
VAN PER NAILLEX SCHOOL, 933 Market.
MTTNSON, School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr. ;
KENT Law School, 748 McAllister at.; day and
night; 'phone Jessie 16C6.
LEARN German In three months; $5 per month.
Y. M. C. A. building, 6tn floor.
MR. and "MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1SSS Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th. '
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; «tab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post st, near Powell > telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE responslbla housecleaning co. ; est.
! 1870; practical recommend: try them; removed
; to 419 Devisadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD.
i ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, Japan-
I ese help fur. 544 California: phone James 260L
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce;
best help. S26 OTarrell at. ; tel. Hyde 21JL
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 518S.
' UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn.; domestic aerv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 378.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chl-
nese help 426 Powell, cr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlco—
Beat help. 411H O'Farrell at.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situation;
beet of ref. ; city or country. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter st
FRENCH nurse with best of city ref. ; Is a
good geamstress. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
A GERMAN woman, good cook and house-
worker. $20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st
A WOMAN wishes work by the day. Address
or telephone MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
A GOOD genuine worker, American, strong and
willing to work, needs work very bad; would
awlst in cooking, washing dlshe*; fine
sweeper; cleaning up rooms; wants to go by
the day.- 145V4 Fifth St., room 6.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes a few
more engagements by the day or Jake work
home. Call or address 554% Stevenson st.
ELDERLY woman wishes a place to do light
housework; kind to children; In this city. Call
_230 Minna st, bet. Third and Fourth.
RESPECTABLE woman, with girl 6 years old,
wants general housework or plain cooking in
boarding-house; $10; references. 744 Howard.
RELIABLE woman wishes position In city or
country to do general housework; no postals.
1103 Powell at
A MIDDLE-AGED lady of refinement desires
position aa housekeeper in a family; refer-
ences. Box 713 Call offlce.
A MIDDLE-AGED widow desires position as
housekeeper in private family or hotel; city
or country: could take charge of linen room
in hotel; excellent references. Box 630, Call.
A COMPETENT German woman wants work
by the day; washing, ironing and cleaning;
no postals. Address 1203 Vallejo St.
WANTED— A position to do general housework
by a young girl; Swedish; newcomer; in a
small American family. Address box 684.
i Cull office. .¦ - . .
woman with a child 7 years old wants a po-
eltlon as working housekeeper or manager cf
lodging-house. 127 Turk at
DRESSMAKER that makes a specialty of
children's dresses and 'ladles' wrappers will
go out at $1 25 per day; references given. Call
oraddresB 1857 Webeter st
COMPETENT, willing, 1 obliging woman will do
housework; la fine cook and good baker; will
do plain washing; wages $15 to $20. Please
call 79 Jessie st.
FRENCH girl wants second work; wage* $25;
references. 1235 Stelner st.
A SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes to. do second
work or general housework; small family; no
wash; wages $20. 342 Fifth at.; call Monday.
FRENCH lady wanta washing to take at horn*;
lace curtains a specialty, 2609 Polk st
WINCHESTER House,' 44 Third at>, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; toe to U 50 night. $1 60 to IS
week: convenient and reapectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from terry.
A BRAN'CH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been -established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore Bt
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
YOUNG man. 21, speaks French, English and
German, wishes situation at anything; un-
derstands baker buslnesa. 308 Kearny at.
CHEMIST of wide experience In manufactur-
ing will furnish instructions / for making
an; yng desired. Chemist, boi 646. Call.
KXPWlIENCED young man desires employ-
ment; stenographer and bookkeeper; refer-
ences furnished. Address box 677. Call.
WAITER (German).' experienced, wishes situa-
tion; city or country. Addxess box 710, Call.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE..,
YOUNG man, 21 speaks English and German
wishes situation of any kind. 316 Davis at.
RETIRED minister, competent for any busi
ness, wishes situation as responsible cashier
manager, collector or to have charge o
rooms; satisfactory references given. Ad
- dress box 62S. Call. ¦ ¦
AN all around hardware man of many years
-experience would like a position where h<
can be of service with some hardware o:
general merchandise store; city or country
Address room 23, 1045 Market st
MIDDLE-AGED man' wants position to do gen
eral housework or as man about place, gar
dener, porter or watchman; good orchardist
L. L. NYLANDER, 1203 Market at. cor. Sth
BEDMAKER, also experienced 'day and nigh
clerk and porter, would like position In hotel
lodging or rooming house, or as Janitor. Boj
635, Call nice. '
YOUNG man who knows' the city thoroughlj
and can give best of references would lik(
position as delivery man or coachman. Boj
471, Call offlce. '.-/
SITUATION wanted— A good cake baker, fore-
man (at present employed), will change If a
better Job Is offered; willing to go short dis-
tance in country. Addreaa box 663. Call.
A YOUNG man raised on' farm, understand*
farming in every way, wants situation ai
foreman; reference. Address J. CORDRAY,
Winchester House.
MILKERS, separators and first-class chees*
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California. 526 Mont-
gomery st. • _.
WANTED— Position by first-class carpet layer;
city or outside; Just arrived from the East;
beat reference. Address 1917 Mission st.
SPECIAL watchman or porter with good rec-
ommendations. Box 699, Call office..
MIDDLE-AGED choreman. sober and Indus-
trious, desires work -of any kind. Box 483,
Call office.',
JAPANESE first-class laundry man wanta sit-
uation; work by the day. GEORGE ISHITA,
104 Eleventh at., telephone Folsom 188.
BAKER— Bread and cake baker wants position,
813 Lcavenworth at.
CLASSIFIED advertlsementa and aubscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
aubacrlptlons has been established at 109<
¦ Valencia »t. "_^
FLATS TO LET.
A— SUNNY 6 rooms; Just renovated; bath;
dresser; $16. 1312 Green at., near Polk.
APPLY 2300 Sutter st: rarely beautiful sunny
flat. 6 large rooms. $22 50; water free.
BUCHANAN, 916— Sunny corner bay-window
flat, 5 rooms and bath: cheap.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEW sunny upper flat, 7 rooms and 1 bath; all
modern improvements. 29 Lauasat ave.
TO let— At $11 each, 4 fine flats on Folsom st,
opposite Columbia Square, between Sixth and
Seventh ata.. by JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine at
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st. off Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant.
414— SUNNY flat, 6 large rooms; bath. gas.
3023 Nineteenth at., between Noe and Sanchez.
$17 60 — FLAT of S rooms and bath. 571 Hayes
st. near Laguna: no small children.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
T'nltpfl Ftatea or Canada one year for SI.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FLAT, 4 rooms, neatly furnished, reasonable.
2 Keppler court, off Mason at.; apply Racine
Saloon, 501 Post at.
HERMANN, 41. nr. Valencia-Furnished cor-
ner fiat of 4 rooms, with bath. $18.
FOR sale — Bargain; elegant furniture of corner
6-room flat; departure. 411C Van Ness ave.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FUQNITURE in 8 rooms for sal* cheap at
473 Jessie st.
FOR sale— Walnut bedroom set. at 2022 Van
Kess ave.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak *4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WAXTEd!
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market »t. ; tel. Jessie 7«_
TO receive highest value for furn., carpets, etc.
see W. E. CODY. 737 Mission, tel. Red 3353.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for tecond-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer- L. Vincent 1M5 Larkln: tel. Polk 691.
furniture fk furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE.
A WAITRESS, railroad eating house. NevadR,
fare here $25
Head waitress, city $25
Cook, American family [$30
2 German cooks $35 and 130
Housework, Belmont J2 1 ;
Housework, Healdsburg _ $20
Housework, Berkeley $25
Housework. San Jose .-J25
Housework, Alameda %2j
And several others.
French chambermaid I $2,'.
4 Second girls $25 and $20
10 chambermaids and waitresses, city and
country j»o and J25
MISS CULLEN. 325 Suttar st.
COOK, American family of two, short distance,
$30: cook, San-Joee, $30; 4 cooks, city. $30
each; waitress. $25; nursegirl. $18: 8 house-
girla. $30 each. Apply MRS. NORTON, 313
Butter st.
A— WANTED— Waitress, country hotel, $25;
chambermaid and waitress, same hotel, $20 to
$25, fares paid. W. D. BWER & CO.. 610
Clay st. ¦
A— TERESA BUPP,~ hotel cook, please call at
our offlce, MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
SP7WINO machine operators wanted at Levl
Btrauss & Co.'a factory, 32% Fremont st
Apply to MR, DAVIS. i
WANTED — Qlrl with references for down stairs
work and cooking; wages $20; no washing.
Apply S17 Devisadero st, Monday, between
> and 12.
OPERATORS on shirts; best pay. BRENNER,
ULMAN CO., 19 Battery st
WANTED — Middle-aged German woman or
f;Irl for general housework and plain cook-
ng in small family; no wash; good home. 105
Grove st
WANTED — Experienced and inexperienced ap-
prentlcea on custom coats. 91S Market St.,
room 82. glxth floor.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; four In
family; washing given out Call after 12
o'clock. 3220 Clay at.
OIRL for light housework; wages $20 a month
and good home. Apply bet 8 and 10 a. m»,
8U Turk st
WANTED— A competent young girl to take
charge of year old baby; references required.
Apply between 9 and 12 at 2321 Devisadero at.
WANTED— A cook and girl for second work;
call between 9 and 12. 2932 Jackson st
TAILORESS on custom coats and make button-
holes. SIMON & BON. 120 Ellis st
WANTED— Apprentices to learn dressmaking.
Room 64, fourth floor. 14 Grant ave. .
OIRL for chamber work and plain washing. 434
Fifth at.
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher wanted; good
wages; steady work. 2229^4 Mission st. ;-.-:--;
YOUNO girl, email family: plain cooking and
housework; 9-12 a. m. 1810 Laguna St. v , -
WANTED— A girl to take care of two children.
Call 126 Ninth st. . -
ACTIVE girl, $16 month, board and room. 819
Larkln st.
WANTED— Upstairs girl at 1224 Golden Gate
avenue.
GIRL wanted for light housework; wages IIS.
1279 O'Farrell -.st . ¦
GOOD buttonhole . maker -wanted on custom
work; wages from $12 up. '609 Kearny st.. r. i.
GIRL, general housework; plain cooking; wages
$15. 1216H Golden Crate ave. v
A WOMAN or a girl wanted" to mind child;
good home; in small family: 60S Natoma St.
MIDDLE-AGED lady to assist; light housework
and children. 108 Hayea st •-¦"--¦
WANTED— A lady to travel for new enterprise;
- one of education; excellent compensation for
suitable party. Address box 659. Call offlce.
STRONO young girl to mind child and assist
Box 658. Call office. ,
FINISHERS on vesta; steady work: good pay.
BELASCO _ HARRIS CO.. S41 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and aubacrlptlons
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10W
Valencia at. • '. •- ,
HELP WASTED-MALB. "~~~~
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
8. Navy, able bodied unma rrisd men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
leas than 6 feet 4 Inches and not over * feet
1 Inch in height; able to read, write and
speak English. For further Information ap-
> ply at the Marine Recruiting Offlca, 40 JCUla
street. Ban Fra—claco. c_T,' - '.jl ¦• rV
..j. -._ ,, _>7?>_2__£K; " ' ¦ ¦'— *• •¦
• HELP WANTED- 31 ALE.
£ MURRAY & READY... ...Phone Main BS1S
..Leading Employment and Labor .Agents..
7 WANT 7 A.'M. MONDAY
WE PAY YOUR FARE TIEMAKERS
f Ship you to-day, 60 tif makers. 9c to 12c, tools
and provisions furnished, fare paid.
Concrete finisher ...... — ....Carriage painter
- Farmers and wives. ......$40 and $30 and found
Ranch hands and teamsters; chore boys; men
s to dig potatoes; stablemen; 150 woodehoppers.
r $1 to $3 cord, tools and provisions furnished.
• MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
- A— HEAD WAITERS BAKERS
Cook and wife, country hotel; head waiter,
club, $40 and found; chef cook, country club.
$50 and found; cooks * ?30 to $50 and found;
baker, country shop. $14 week; delicatessen
I man; laundryman; waiters, $30 and found.
) MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
c A— HOTEL head waiter, $50; meat cook, coun-
try hotel, $50; cook, country hotel, $40; 2
r waiters, country hotels, $30 and $25; washer.
s hand laundry. $25; polisher, country .laundry,
. $25; all-round laundryman, country, $40. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
¦ A— BARTELO LORENZA, mason foreman,
t please call at C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
- A— WANTED— German or Scandinavian four-
, horse teamster, city, $30 to $35 and board:
» plow hands, J20; porter, country hotel, 120;
redwood tlemakers. • 10c and lie each, tools,
grub and fare advanced. 'W. D. ETWER &
• CO.. 610 Clay st.
" A Ti 20 . good carpenters (finishers), 10 a. m.
Monday; 2 cabinetmakers, 4 bench hands, 1
sticker hand. 1 wood turner. Mechanics' Reg-
istration Bureau, 410 Kearny at., room 9; tel.
Main B384; non-union mechanics please r»g-
: lster; no offlce fees.
• BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
" ment. IL Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jeaslo 152.
• A BRIGHT, energetic young man to handle
stock of a well-known corporation: can make
good wages. Ap. B. SCHAPIRO. 1016 Market.
SMART, energetic engineer and machinist who
Is practical and understands repairs; state
• age and experience. Box 719, Call offlce.
¦ MAN wanted with small capital; light work;
can make $C3 a month: experience not re-
qulred Apply at 1016 Market at., room 10.
; A — QOOD bootblack in barber shop. 1338 Mar-
ket at., opposite Seventh.
I BOY wanted/ JOE ROSENBERG. 11 O'Farrell
i street. •
BOY wanted In plumbing shop. 830 Post st.
WANTED— Strong boy to deliver bread and
¦ assist in bakery. 1515 Devisadero at.
WAITER wanted. Apply immediately Troy
' Hotel. 506 Twentieth st., Potrero.
PORTER wanted. Eureka Saloon. SW. corner
• Steuart and Howard sts.
WAITER wanted, small restaurant; wages $$ a
week. 369 Hayes st.
¦ TWO boys to distribute circulars. 100 Ninth
btreet. .
WANTED—A pantryman. 613 Clay st.
WANTED— Five first-class tailors. 701 Geary
atreet. „
2 SOBER, steady waiters, $23 and found; call
early, Ahlborn Hotel. 321 Grant ave.
WANTED— Good vegetable man; must know
little- about cooking. 3 Jackson at.
YOUNG man wanted to deliver bread. 980 Har-
rison st. . [\
, AN elderly man \o cook for four or flv» men;
wages 110 a month. Call BOO HalghX at.
WANTED— Two lunch waiters. 118 SUth tX.
BARBER wanted; young man preferred. 116
, Pacific at.
THIRD hand on bread, $30, board and room.
2S08 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— Good milk bread baker to work on
oven. 1139 Folsom at.
• GOOD dishwasher wanted. Capital Restaurant,
206 McAllister at.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c. 15o and
10c. Boston House. B30 Howard Bt.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25-2
to 50c. S63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — A place to atop for the winter — Thla
can be found at the Adams House, ,519 Sacra-
mento at., near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean cheap, well-
ventilated rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
inducements; catalogue and -map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. 130 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
i WANTED— A strong boy or young man to work
in wholesale fruit house; . must live wit-
parents. Apply 207 Washington at.
WANTED— A man for the road; one who has
had experience preferred: must be gentleman
of education. Address box 660. Call office.
BOY drive waiwn, help grocery and bar; $3
i week. Box 670, Call offlce.
' ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
¦ price. £62 Mission at., bet 1st and 2d sts.
SOLICITOR wanted. SI a day and commission.
Golden Gate Dye Works, 1421 Point Lobos ave.
COATMAKER* for country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter at.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tuition
at S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, Jl per week, at
cash price*. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
WINCHESTER House. 14 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
eubscrlptiona has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HEMORRHOIDS.
ANY case of Pllea, Piles, Piles, Pllea; 'over 300
permanent cures among business men of San
Franciaco alone; men who can be interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments; no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HOUSES. LIVC STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st. ; auction eales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale— One large full blood Durham cow;
will calf in a few days; fine milker. Apply
• E35 Utah at.
YOUNG horse and cart for Bale cheap. 343
Lisbon st.. near China ave.
HORSE clipping by experienced men: best work;
cheap prices. DALZIEL. 605 Golden Gate ave.
HOUSES TO LJ2T.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TENTH. 32"1— 4 large rooms and basements rent
cheap; large yard. .
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. RAYMOND— Strictly reliable: teaches
¦ hypnotism In five lessons for $5. 997 Market st
INVALID CHAIBS AND TRICYCLES.
BOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st
JjOS ' r AJfP F'pPXP.
LOST— Saturday afternoon, going ¦ from Safe
Deposit building to White House, via -Mont-
¦ gemery and Post sts.. a pasteboard box con-
taining a . diamond-opal .butterfly pin, dia-
mond crescent pin. diamond and topaz belt
' buckle, a miniature pin, opal and diamond
pin set with emeralds, 8 diamond stickpins,
canary and 2 white diamonds In ring, sap-
phire and diamond * marqulae . ring, emerald
and diamond ring, 2 pairs diamond earrings,
screws, and other pieces of Jewelry. A very
liberal reward paid' If returned to JOHN 8.
-WOOD. Shreve's Jewelry store. Market at.
STRAYED — On Cliff House road,' a brown,
curly dog Reward if returned to TOPLITZ,
649 Market st; tel. Main 60. .-¦-,¦
LOST— Diamond locket., G. J. F. Return to
t DR. FITZGIBBON. ~ Powell st. ; reward.
LOST— Lemon and. white pointer, collar marked
"Kern -of Kenwood" ; property JOHN B.
'". COLEMAN. ' Return 730 Fillmore . at. and
receive reward. ~ - .: .
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of SAMUEL. REDMOND. No. 228-1247.
The finder will.Dlease return to bank.
LOST— White and brindle greyhound; reward.
'E. G. VALLON, 693 San Bruno ave., cor. lgth.
. MEDICA—.. ,
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
' office, $5; any aliment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 9*7 Market St. corner
• Sixth— Safe and • reliable ladles" physician;
treatment, $5; positive cure guaranteed; when
others fail consult, free. - MRS. DR. VKOHL.
DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years for female
troubles. - 323 Kearny. st. ; call and see mo. *
JDR. WISE, th» ladles' epeclallst, 1113 Market
MEDICAL.
5iC~AirD^ MRsTda^ES, ¦ 1_S Market— Ladles
specialists; 32 years" practice: positive cur<
guaranteed; ladies treated. can return sami
day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps clr
DRS. GOODWIN, 1007*4 Market, expert on dis
eases of women: 15 years' practice In S. F.. t
cure guaranteed; $5 at offlce; have cured thou
sands of cases; unexcelled success: see free
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladies' ape
ciallst: safe and sure cure. $5; best tare; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladies' specialist; homi
for patients. . 50-t Eddy st.
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs
advice free. 704 Sacramento St.. near Kearny
MINKS AND MINING.
MONTEZUMA (Washington) copper stock ap-
peals to all classes; the conservative lnvestoi
buys it because he is convinced it will yield
him a good profit on his money; the stoch
speculator buys it because he regards it as a
"sure thing." and it is; a man makes na
mistake putting his money Into Montezuma
copper at 4Hc; maps and ore at our office.
THE AMERICAN "GUARANTY AND TRUST
CO.. selling agents. 310 Safe Deposit building.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SAL-.
BOILERS, Engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH - WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can Bhlp everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017, 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $3 down and
$5 per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
at.; rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A— BUYB, sells or rents gear machinery, en
glnes, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
FOR sale — Twelve-pound steel T rails, with
fishplates and bolts; gocd as new. RAILS,
box 675. Call office.
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDIXE'3. 220 Fremont st.
$1&— DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers:
f good order; complete. 1915 Mission, nr. lath,
BICYCLE, gent's wheel, nearly new, cheap.
Box 674. Call office.
S75-SEALSKIN cape. 121 Post st.. room 17.
NO. 7 COOK atove. In good condition, cheap.
781 Lowell ave.
BLUE gum piles for sale. Apply PAUL KEY-
SER, 206 Clay st.
40 H. P. COMPOUND ateam engine, complete.
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 514-516-51S Mlaalon st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers. lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 133 Beale.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and aold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale, and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
WILL rent full-dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Offlce. 26 Btktn.
SAFES- New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-433 Sacramento at.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Poat st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market at.. San Fran.
3IISCKLLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Sacramento Union March 20. 1S51 to
May 3, 1854; Sacramento Bee August 2. 1860.
to January 1. 1878; quote price on all or any
numbers. W. F. PURNELL, Sacramento,
Cal.
W ANTED— Three French plate mirrors 36x40 or
larger, for cash. Box 656. Call offlce.
LADIES" and gents' ca*t-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brlo-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. : t_L Jessie 141.
WANTED-Uprlght piano for cash.* H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
31OXEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or liny other good security: payable
back In installments or aa a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan aa long as you de-
Sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon Quietly and
quickly. Call 6S-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market.
AA — BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interest In Estates
Undivided Interest in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford, to pay on furniture, pianos, etc: do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay: no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 90S Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16. first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
eat rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
.' st. ; tel. Main 1644. Bcanch 19 Third, st.
A— $500,000 on olty and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery at.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY~amounC lowest rates, on furniture, etc;
no removal, no commission; strictly confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
CASH, loaned on salaries,' New York plan.
THE TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room SI, 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country; 6% undl-
vlded lnts; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 866 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal note.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co., 222 Sansome, rm 3.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party
low rate. 917 Market St.. room _ .
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; conflden-
tlal; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor St.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 6C9 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
_oorBer : _S^F'. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bid.
MUSICAL- INSTRUMENTS.
ANT person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co 's with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the beat
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege^ given to exchange medium and low-
E!il c v. P lan<m for a R ew Steinway any tlma
within three years from date of purchase
Beautiful new uprights aold for $« cash and
li per month. We offer to seU some good
P^S 8 £> r "• « 15 per month. SHER-
MAN CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco-
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oak-
land.
"AS HOLIDAY GIFTS." ! ~ ~~*
1 Emerson •«
Bommer •....*""** ?«X
Fisher .:..::.. — • V&
Steinway ;.. i%i
Chlckertng .„.. " iZ*
Mason & Hamlin iijr
Heine ~ g?
Grands-3 Hallet & Davis and*HeVnes".!'.I.:.!
"M"ithers-'wdo^;"V«p^'month. l or 5 _?yS_j
own terms: rented and rent allowed
eSs 3 PIAN0 CO - r m <**" «•: «*«=
IF you want a piano for «W, or $78. or »» «¦
noVor $150 or $175. or $200.' come and ,«' u *
THE sale of Decker & Son and Packard pianos
du J lnK J he paat tew week » "»» beenunpr£
cedented; we have still many styles for yc£
to select from, tut don't wait too long ks the
holiday ruah is cloae at hand, jjadvai^
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market at/~^7 iuVAB
A— BYRON. MAUZY'S. — ~T. —
.Holiday Bargains in Slightly Used Pianos.
Bohmer. nearly new ;... iXw
Byron Mauzy, nearly new " "*~*7__
Decker & Son, walnut case .... . ¦•••—• rri
Steinway & Sons ' **V***ft/i
Weber .-. "" JX?
Bord •;;;; *rj
806-310-313 Poat at..- opp. TJnion Square.
BARGAINS, pianos on storage ' almost given
away; also car fine new pianos stored from
factory; must be sold at once to realize stor-
age and freight; Installments; open evenings.
WpUBQX'fi STORAGE CXy lTloS^I fitT
MUSICAL IXSTTtUMEIVTS.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE* 8. 28,
tS and 30 O'Farrell »t.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all gra4«2>
and prices; terma easy; prices lowest; everj^
thing possible done to pleaae and satisfy tha>
customer.
FINE list of slightly used pianos. $133 up: easy
payments. BKNJ. Ct'RTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
rell st.; Chlckerins agency; Symphonion mu-
aie boxes; sheet music, etc.; open Saturday
evenings.
BARGAINS in pianos*— Ne-ar and slightly used;
Steinway. Dewifi-. Chase pianos good as new;
naif orisina! price. THE J. DEWING CO..
Flood building.
$130 FOR beautiful upright piano; S petals:
standard make; or rent for $2 50 month. 312
Kearny sL
AI ;« IO 5 T new u P ri «ht Steinway & Sohmer sac-
#? c £ '¦ * rPat -"sains this month. BRUENN.
;C8 Post st.
GENTLEMAN* going to Manila must sacrifice-
fine larg* upright piano. 419 Van Xesa ave.
HIGH-GRADE pianos ; Fteck. Hardman. Con-
over & others, w. b. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
A Ii KEEFFE'S. 9^3 Market gt.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your ojvnj?r»ce. Shoninger ag?ncy.
GREAT many bargains In 2nd-hand uprights;
small InstallmeMs^ Hornung. 216 McAllister.
BKST ,T en eJ££r k ~' n ~ city: new Pianos. $3 per
month. SCOTT-CXT.TAZ, SSO Hayes at.
MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham placet
SCHMITZ, IS MeAl'.:«t ?r st . next Hib Hank.
FOR RENT-Together or separately, store. 15
rooms and outbuilding*. __*-*_ Howard st. ;
rent $43; newly painted and renovated.
OIL.
ASPHALT for sale; quantities to suit' will
contract delivery; our oil stock advances' to 3c
share Dec. 10. JUANITA OIL CO 5C0 Mont-
gomery at.; agents wanted en commission.
_> CENTS per share; any part of 2000 shares IB /
a dividend-paying oil company, now paying I
per cent per month. Moore, 93; Market, r. I
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine str-et
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence go'.lcitpd.
OIL L.VMIS FOR SVLeC
KERN River Oil Lands— Proven territory In
the well-known tract of "Grace OU Co." for
sale; also other oil land for sale or lease; most
wonderful oil field known: over 530 feet of oil
sand; buy from owners and save commissions;
have been In field from start; will give you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON
CARMAN' & SOMES. 101 Chronicle blclg.. Ban
Francisco; -416 Douglas Block, Los Angeles;
Southern Hotel. Rakersfleld.
PATEMS A.NR PENSIONS.
AD VICS free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner bl«.
FEHSOXALS."
YOUNG man. age 32, with some means, desires
to meet working girl; object matrimony.
Box 7a). Call offlce.
OWEN McCABE. Importer, dealer In feathers;
hair mattress and pillow manufactory; eld
feathers renovated and purified: all feathers
sold warranted well dressed with my patent
¦team renovator. 873 Mission, tel. Jessie 1114.
MEXICAN Hair Grower stops tho hair from
falling Immediately and restores gray hair to
its natural color: ladies, call and lnvesUgats.
Mexican Lady. 142 Sixth st. r
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South 792:
made to order, renovated; honest work guar- I
antced; feathers and hair cleansed; fine uphol- 1
stery; goods carefully packed for shipment or
storage. HOPKE BROS., 318 and 320 llth st.
ELECTRIC light la every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 SO per night; $1 £0 to $8 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
COTILLON leaders, ho! An Imported novelty
In "Favors" at an extremely low price. Ad-
dress box 642, Call offlce.
HAIR positively grown on bald heads by purely
vegetable compound: absolute proof. Call or
address DR. G. S. MOORE, 4S8 Geary St., S. F.
SUITS to order on installments: $13 upward: $1
a week. LEON LEMO8. U17 Market St.. be-
tween Sevenoth and Eighth.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
cr double. $2 M. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
FINE suits. *ll>; dress pants. S3 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St.
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. JI 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 130 Kearny St.. near Pine.
ALL gentlemen wishing to marry wealthy sesd
10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ. 70S Ell_»t.
FIGER'S sweepers are the best and cheapest;
all kinds repaired and for sale. 342 Sutter st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 19
years' experience. J. B. RAT. S57 Jessie st.
A GOOD home Is open for a healthy baby.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth st. Alameda.
MASSAGE and electricity for facial blemishes
and wrinkles. Tel. Black 2«S; 602 Taylor st.
DAXICHEFF sell holiday glove orders, good for
gloves ready-made or to order. 131 Grant ave.
MME. ADA. the wonderful gifted healer. 1104
Market St., rooms 3 and 4: one treatment free.
MASQITERADB costumes, play* books, wlsrs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN - CO., 7_ Mkt. i
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and,
moles: trial free. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter.
DR. LAMOTTE f S French Corn Paint, the best
corn curt; 25c: all druggists. *
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
Ing Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought J.-R. JENKEL. 817 Market Bt
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color: Jl: at all drumlsta.
PALMISTRY.
' H". " JEROME FO¥sELLI?^renUnc 9— "mlVt] 515
Taylor at., bet. Geary and Poat: tel. Black Ml.
PARTNERS WAXTED.
WANTED— A lady or rentleman partner la
good restaurant on main street of town: good>
patronage. Address R., P. O. box HO, Sacra- \
mento. Cal.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C C. O" DON NELL— Offlce and resldenc*.
1021% Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SAI_B.
SELECTEii" _»t J ~ot aorn* cholci lota in Rlch-
tnond:
W side 10th ar., 125 ft. S from Clement;
23x110, JSOO; easy payments; $30 quarterly; first
payment $20: all street work done; electrlo cars
pass within a few steps: a very choice loC
B 1 10th av., bet. California and Clement;
8x120; $300.
SW. cor. California and Ninth ay.; _:«x_0;
extra size; all other lots on Calif om!a st. 100
feet deep; very cheap: $1733; easy payments to
¦ult; all atreet work done.
W 1 7th ar. south from A; 2Sx_0; 3 lots; very
cheap; $050 each.
Clement, bet. 9th and 10th; 27:6x100: $300.
Point Lobos av. and llth av.; S2: 6x100; £200;
a fine business corner; a grocer stands ready ta
take lease, who ts doing th» best business ta
Richmond.
Corner B and 9th av.; 22:8x100; $3100.
8th av., bat. Clement and Point Lobos avs.;
2SX120; ST30.
llth ar., bet. Clement _ California.; 23x120;
I30O.
Clement, east of Sth ar.: 23x100: $1000.
California, near tnd ar: 2Sxl0O; $750.
¦W. J. GXrmt.
530 California st., bet. Montgomery and Kearny.
RICHMOND residences, desirable and very
cheap, for sale.
Cottage residence. S rooms, tile mantels, por-
celain bathtub, large bathroom; on f— rnlshed
basement; $3730; easy payments.
Two-story residence, almost nsw, S rooms
and bathroom: tile mantels, speaking tubes,
wired for electricity; unfinished basement;
extra weir finished house; a very cheap home:
$3730; $300 cash, $40 a month Installments.
W. J. *GUNN. 630 California it, between
Montgomery and Kearay.
_••• you have property north of the Park an<a
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
OUNN. 630 California st. .
OWNERS of property In the Potrero that wish
to sell, call on W. i. OO.N. 63O.Callfoml_
St., S. F. . Savings Union building.
AN INVESTMENT. _ ~ — —
A HOME.
A SPECULATION.
If you want either of the above (one of three>
attend auction to be held December 12 at U
nocn at Sherman & Clay's Hall, 233 Sutter st.
This will be a chance to secure a bargain that
you cannot afford to mtsa. No such liat o*
property has been offered In 10 years.
IT IS ! A SALE WITHOUT RESERVHL
See auction ad In this paper or call at _»_¦
office for catalogue and particulars. ~
B. P. OLIVER.
REAL ESTATE AGENT AND AUCTIONEER.
14 MONTGOMERY ST. *-— *»
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
estimates furnished, Campbell, 1147 Minion*TUOL.UMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
Woman Suffrage Convention.
. .The i California* Woman . Suffrage Asso
ciation .will hold Its! annual convention at
10 o'clock on- next Friday.' morning in
Golden Gate Hall.; The first session will
be devoted to . reports. On Saturday the
election' of officers will be held. "The gen
eral public Is invited to the convention.
HOTEIi ARRIVALS.
GRAND
J E Sullivan, R Vista
J T KiUf-rr.a. Cal
E C Eubanks. Cal
W S Ingram, Berkeley
W Krohn, Madera
J D Mehrten. Oakland
J J Allen. Oakland
J Leppert, Cal
E Kummerle, S«cto
W R Hall, Stanford
J W Graham, Cal
A Smith. I»s Ang
Mrs J Henderson, Cal
K Hartman, Merced
1^ Meyers, Brooklyn
A F McCullouRh. L A
L J Rowley. Montana
J T I.Ulle. Great Falls
G O Guenther. L Anj?
Miss M C Guenther LA
A O Gnenthrr, L Ang
\V F Mcllvaln. K City
J E Keeberle. l*ns Ang
J P Bnmton & w, L A
F M West, Stockton
A C O'N'f'H. SprinRfleld
O A Henley. Parto
J Meurer. Chicago
Mrs P H Greer. L, A
R D Scriver, Los Ang
J H Morton, Courtland
HOTEL.
Mrs A H Gray, Mcnt
Mrs J H Prinsle. Wash
E B Collins & w. Chlco
L A Mesner, Los Anjj
F D Duncan, Reno
W W Neir. S Mateo
O B ' Doyle. Fresno
C E Pardee, Chicago
J McDonnell, Menlo
J K Cristy & w,, Mo
Mrs II At Pierce & fy,
St Ix>uis
G G Ruddlpp, Cal
G B McKee, s Jose
A D Rochenrun, S Jos«
C H Reed, San L O
II C McClure. Cal
A McClure, Cal
I>r L E Cross, Stockton
L M Stark, Reno
T Winters. Wa*ho«
Mlss N Winters, Or
D C Williams & w, tA
J M Atkinson. Seattle
A T McGinty & w, Cal
J II Maddrlll & w. Cal
W W Monroe, Cal
G P Akerly. Vacavllle
H C mtmas, N Y
O C Hart, Sacto
PALACE HOTEL
D Dryndale. S Matco
A 1* Hayne, Manila
II M Mclnto!>h, ChlcRO
T Spellory. Bakersfleld
O R Berry, Los Ang
F M Milne. Prunsia
W Ij Demlng-. Salem
F W Baldwin, Vermont
Mrs W t, Proctor. NY
K E McCoy & w, Wash
O Kchwanenhach, N Y
W -8 Stltt. Chicago
I>r P Iioyie, I^ondon
J J Dooley. N Y
L M Herm:m, Chicago
A Slater, London
N Currie, London
\V Allen. Melbourne
J S Harris & w, Utah
Mm S N I*vl, Pa
M E Mona*h. Chicago
T Drel«« Santa. Ana
F B Swift, Mass
XV A Plnkerton. Chic*
II A Falrbank, Sacto
W L Wlthber, Sacto
N B Butler, Sacto
J F Davis, Jackson
T Kerr &. w. Portland
T B Wllcox & w. Or
Pr L Knowles, Oaklnd
S A Ooldprnlth, N Y
L Brunck. N T
J C Yeager & w, Ohio
AV YenR-er, Cincinnati
A G Hchwarz & w, O
E Kelly, N Y
Mrs A J Thomas. N Y
G W Irvinr. N Y
J E Perry. Sacto
M P Snider, Lob Ang
F Wiggins, Los Anjr
E J Kwords & w, N Y
R J Cirkel Minn
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G lysrentz, Aurora
A J Swanson. Aurora
E Lamb. St Louis
A W Berusch, Mo
C H Clawson, Fresno
W Chlnn, I>is Ang
C J Uws, Cal
W Mitcvhell, La
A Landan, Seattle
A L Miller. Denver
O Quimby & v.\ Cal
J BoulanRer, Martinez
P de Waide, Concordla
B Dlernst, Ohio
A C Carper. Denver
E E Gale A w, Rureka
C XV AVatkins, Nome
Mrs Nicholson, Eng
J Wlldman, Manila
L V Johnson & w, Cal
C A Bohraan, Solace
G R Ward, Concord
?— •
FOR PROTECTION OF CROPS.
Farmers About Petaluma Organize
Sportsmen's Clubs.
PETALUMA. Deo. 9.— The farmers and
chicken men of the district -surrounding-
Petaluma are taklnp measures for pro
tecting crops and property from animals
and birds by the organization of a rural
sportsman's club. The farmers north of
this city have organized the Liberty Park
Sportsman's Club. They have leased pre
serves, and ¦will hunt coyotes, hawks,
owls, etc.. as well as preserving for them
selves good hunting of quail and duck.
Merritts Lake will be under their control.
John Doss is president and William Ditt
man secretary.
At Two Rock a sportsman's club was
organized with v a membership of thirty."
Besides indorsing the protection of game
they will hold regular club shoots and
hunt destructive birds in competition.
John Henshaw is president of the.organi
zation and A,', H. Doss Is secretary.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature^
CO; minimum. 43; mean. 43.
WEATHER CONDITION3 AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over tha
plateau ajul Rocky Mountain regions; foggy In
the valleys of California and Oregon and clear
along the coast, except in the vicinity of San
Francisco, where It Is cloudy. Light snow is
reported from Northeastern Washington, and
The pressure has fallen over ¦ Southern Ne
vada and Southeastern California and risen In
the last twelve hours in tha western portions
of Oregon and Washington and Northern Cali
fornia. .
The temperature- has fallen along the coast
of Southern California and in Northern Ne
vada and remained nearly stationary In other
districts.
Conditions are favorable for a continuance of
the present weather for Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight December 10:
Northern California— Generally cloudy or
foggy Monday; light, variable winds.
Southern California; — Fair Monday; Ugrht west
wind.
Nevada— Generally cloudy Monday.
Utah— Cloudy Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy or toggy
Monday: Heht variable wind.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
Flow of Bivers.
Following is a statement of the estimated
Jlow of certain California rivers In cublo feet
per second, or second feet, one secand foot
equaling 60 California miner's lnchea, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The fljrures ar«
from J. B. Llpjilncott, hydrographtr of the
United States Geological Survey:
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Amelia Emanuel and H. S. Dana to Amelia
E. Sherman and Lizzie K. Dana, lot on N line
of -Pacific avenue, 242:6 W of Gough street, YV
30 by N 134:6; $10.
Jennie M. and James Madison to Carl C.
Gross, lot on N line of Vallejo street. 850 W
of YVebster, YV 25 by N 137:6; $10. -
J. D. Fry to Sarah Fry, to correct 1595 D. 331,
and 1606 D. 102, lot on NE corner of, Flllmore
and Vallejo streets,. E 137:6 by N 137:6; gift.
J. D. or John D. Fry to Caymus Investment
Company (corporation), lot on N line of Val
lejo street. 1S7:6 E or Flllmore. E 70 by N 137:6;
$10, etc. >» ; v ,-
Caymus Investment Company (corporation) to
James Madison, same; $10 etc.
Same to William G. Leale, lot on N line of
Vallejo street, 105 E of Flllmore, E 22:6 by
N 137:6; $10. etc.
Margaret Wall to Matilda HIrleman (wife of
Fhllip HIrleman Sr.), lot on E line of Broder
lck street, 104:10 N of Sutter, N 50:2 by E 90;
$10.
John and OttUIe Otten to Joachim Bassen, lot
on N line of McAlllnter street. 156:3 E of Ma
sonic avenue. E 50 by N 137:6; $10. .
James Townsend to Frederick Townsend. lot
on YY line of Capp street, 65 S of Nineteenth,
S 30 by YV 104:6;. sift.
William H. and • Fannie H. C. Hardy to
Stephen LaRomarsino,- lot on N line of Clay
street. 60 W of Stockton, TV 19:5% by N 68:9; $10.
F. N. and Emilia A. Belgrano to Antonio
Busalacchl. lot on S line of Bay street, 22:11
\V of Mason. W 22:11 by S 60; $10.
Georse Marshall (administrator of the estate
of Hannah Marshall) to William Ahlers, lot on
S line of Barnard street, 6S:G W;of. Jones, W
23 by S 60; $1400.
Clara Baum to William TV. Rednall, lot on
W line of San Bruno avenue (Nebraska). 150 S
of Mariposa street, S 62 by W-10O; $10.
Emma J. Assarson to Victor H. Brunskog,
lot 57. block P, Park Lane Tract No. 5; $10.
William W. and Margaret A. Piper to Dora
Iienckel (wife of William), lot on NE line of
Eighth avenue south. 75 NW of C street, NW
lf.O by NE 100. block 149. South San Francisco
Hcmestead and Railroad Association; $10.
James E. Kingston to Paul F. and John H.
Kingston, all Interest In Jots 1563 to 1572, gift
map 4; gift.
Alameda County.
L. A. and M. S. Teague to John Lacoste, lot
en H line of Sixtieth street (formerly Butler
avenue), 347:6 E of Idaho, E 47:6 by S 120. be
ing the E 22:6 of lot 12 and W 25 feet of lot
13 block 4, amended map of Butler Tract, Oak
land: $10.
Oakland Loan and Investment Company to
E. R." Tutt. lots U, 15 and 16. block J. Linda
Vista Terrace, map No. 2, Oakland; $10.
Katherlne V. Klinkner (executrix of the es
tate of Charles A. Kllnkner) to L. A. Teague,
lets 3 and 18, block 4, and E 20 feet of lot 11,
all of lot 12 and ¦ YV 25 feet of lot 13, block 4,
emended map of Butler Tract, Oakland: $1590.
1... A and M. S. Teague to Clarence A. Chl
chester, lot 18, block 4, amended ' map same;
also lot on". S line of Sixtieth street (formerly
Butler avenue). SOO E of Idaho, E 47:6, S 120,
W 27:6 S 10.. W 20, N 130 to beginning, being
the E 20 feet of lot 11 and TV 27:6 of lot 12,
block 4, same; $10. ' .
O C. Kirk to Julia Kirk, lot on S corner of
East Twelfth street and Tenth avenue, SB
100 by SW 100, block SS, Clinton, , East Oak
land gift. • ¦ '
Theodora C. A. ;Reschert. nee Julius Fischer,
to M. Morris, lot on W line of Kennedy street.
2C2:G N of Dennison. N 12:6 by W 125, portion of
lot 2, - block C, Shell Mound Tract. East Oak
land: $10. . .
O C; Kirk to Julia Kirk, lot on TV corner of
Fifth avenue and East Tenth street/ SW 195
by NW. 140, i block 8, Clinton, East Oakland:
also lot on S corner of East Twelfth street and
Seventh avenue, SB 100 by SW 100, block S3,
same; gift. .. " ,
"S C. Bigelow;and A. A. Smith (trustees of
J. - George Gardner) Uo pavings and Loan So
ciety 670 D/ 328." lot on N line of Rose street, 150
W of Spruce, W 50 by N 127, block * 14, - Berry
ma n Tract, Berkeley (trustees' deed); $790.
Clarence -W. and Clara F. Keeler to Eva P.
Kay, lot 11. block 6. Daley's Scenlo Park.
Berkeley; $10, : etc • ¦ « ..
• George L.; and' Barbara M.' Payne to Eva 'A.
Finn (wife of John),; lot on SE corner. of Vine
and Arch streets/ S 90:1 by. E 135. portion ; of
block 2, map : of property - of Berkeley View
Homestead Association. Berkeley; $10.
- Sumner " H. r and ¦: Mary - L. • Davis to ¦ Samuel
Lew, | lot ; commencing i at | NTV ¦ line of . Nutley
avenue at the point of Its Intersection by line
dividing lots 40 and 41. Klngsland Tract, thence
NW 117. NE 88:5. SE 117. SW 88:5 to beginning
being portion lot 41. Klngsland Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Fritz and Mary • E. Boehmer to Jessie H.
Delanoy, lots 15 to IS. Map 2, of Boehmer's
Ranch, Brooklyn Township; $1000.
Joseph . and I>»onard Labarge to Ernesto L.
Mosca, lot on SB lino of Nutley avenue, 67 NE
of Noble street. NB 40:6 by SE 116. portion
Klnersland Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10
• William J. and Perina Smith to Peter A.
Jordan, lot on NE corner of San Antonio ave
nue and . Grand street. N 50 by E 138. lot 9
block G, map of Oak Park. Alameda; $10. " . '
Alice K. Snyder to Ann M. Synder. lot 'on TV
line of Franklin street, 25 N of Tenth, N 23
by • W 76. lot 2V block 143, Boardman's Mao
Oakland; $10. • ¦
Charles F. Brown to Home Buildlnr Com
pany (corporation), lot 34, map of Forest Park
Tract. Brooklyn Township;. $10.
John A. Thornton to Henry Z. Jones lota' 1
and 2, block . II. Allendale Tract, ' Brooklyn
Township; $10.>gii><iEa|HMM2|BM9
John H. Barle to Agnes .Vogrel, lot on N line
of Clinton avenue. <B0. W of Walnut street TV
50 by N 150. Alameda: gift.
Andrew Bangs to Maria Bangs, all Interest
In lot on N line of Clement avenue, 92.5 W of
Stanford street, W 36.8 by N 127.5, portion lot
7. block 1, lands ¦ adjacent to • EncinaJ Ala
meda; gift.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Paelflo Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Deo. 9—6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
There Is a sentiment In certain quarters
against Mr. Gompers. The objection
"seems to be on account of his ideas con
cerning socialism. It is said he' believes
in the fundamental principles of socialism,
but is conservative in that he does not
think the time is ripe to force the doc
trines of socialism to an issue. John Dun
can, now second vice president, holds the
key to the situation. He Is the undoubted
choice of the opposition and is moreover
extremely popular and universally regard
ed as a strong man— one of the strongest
.in the entire labor movement. If he al
lows the use of his name it will mean a
great light, with considerable possibilities
for the defeat of Gompers.
Then It offers resolutions that steps be
taken to inculcate this idea Into the minds
of workingmen, that the various • unions
unite their votes to that end and finally
provides that the officers of the conven
tion call an independent conference of the
members of organized labor to consider
the question of how best to unite to secure
the desired legislation. It Is understood
that the supporters of the resolution will
urge that a policy of referendum be used
in the Federation for the submission, ot
questions to the entire membership of the
organization, the votes- to be returnable
before the next convention. Upon this a
hard fight will be waged. The convention
will be compelled to put itself on record
one way or the other, and the Socialists
are making great claims as to their
strength. ;
After a long preamble relating to the
unfairness of, the present system of leg
islation, which it is claimed puts all the
power In the hands of the enemies of or
ganized labor, and the necessity for the
initiative and referendum, it declares the
folly of the Federation In dividing its vote
on election day, and urges the members
of organized labor to stand together at
the ballot-box to secure direct , legislation.
LOUISVILLE. Dec. 9.— The most bitter
*flght in the history of the American Fed
eration of Labor Is to be made this week
on the question of uniting the entire 1,500,
000 votes of the organization for the bene
fit of the Socialist Democratic party. A
resolution with this in view is now in tho
hands of the resolutions committee.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Question of "Uniting All the Votes in
Favor of Socialists Promises
to Provoke Dis
sension.
Bitter • Fight Promised at
Meeting of American
Federation.
DIVISION AMONG
FORCES OF LABOR
A committee consisting of Miss Bessie
Collins, Miss Abbie Hayes and Mrs. Hall
was appointed to arrange for the meeting
and to receive any report that the em
ployers may have to make.
Letters were read expressing sympathy
with the movement from the California
"Woman's Club; Oroflno Parlor. Native
Daughters; Laura Hall Club; Branch No.
2 of the Young Women's Institute, and
from Miss Josie Malloy, grand secretary
of the Young Women's Institute. Miss
Malloy and others are Interesting: them
selves In securing the signatures of wo
men to a pledge t that they will refrain
from patronizing millinery stores after 6
o'clock in the evening.
.It is the intention of the milliners to
meet again Sunday, December %3,~~ at 2
o'clock, in Red Men's Hall, to consider the
results of the employers' meeting.
Resolved, That we suspend further action un
til two weeks from to-day, to give our em
ployers opportunity to meet and take action in
the matter; and that we place Red Men's Hall
at the disposal of the employers Sunday. De
cember 16, from 3 to 4:30 p. m.
Whereas, It appears that many of our em
ployers are of the opinion that they can bring
about an amicable settlement of the question
at issue In our effort to secure shorter hours
of labor; therefore, be it
The milliners who are trying to get a
shorter workday have decided to try the
expedient of letting their employers state
what concessions they are willing to
make. At their meeting yesterday at
Red Men's Hall the following resolution
was adopted:
prle.tors May Grant -Demands
for Shorter Workday.
Miixnrans ask thkik
EMPLOYERS TO MEET
Hope Is Entertained That the Pro-
In addition to the bill already dealt
with there will also bo another embody
ing a sanitary measure which will merit
with the hearty approval of the patroii3
of barber shops. This measure Is now In
couise of preparation by the committee,
Alban E. Wray, I. L^ss, Charles Jones,
J. J. Callsh, \V. A. Smith. A. M. Lee and
J. B. Leonard, who will have both. In
shape for presentation as soon as the
Legislature meets.
Section 5. Any person who shall violate any
of the provisions of this act shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction
shall be fined not less than $30 and not more
tban $300, or be confined In the County Jail six
months for every offense. The board of exam
iners shall charge all persons applying for ex
amination a fee of $5, which fee In no case
shall be returned. All fees and expenses shall
bo paid through this source. This act shall
take efTect and be In force from and after its
passage.
Section 4. Any and all persons who shall bo
desire may appear before said board at any
time of its regular meetings and be examined
in reference to their knowledge and skill, and
if the examination of any such person or per
sons shall prove satisfactory to said board of
examiners, the board shall Issue to such per
sons as it finds to possess the requisite quali
fications certificates to that effect; provided
that no person shall be examined by said Doard
who shall not have first submitted satisfac
tory evidence to eald board of his or her hav
ing served as an apprentice as a barber for
a. period of three years. Said board shall also
issue certificates to any persons holding cer
tificates entitling them to practice in any other
State.
Section 3. Within six months of ths time
that this act takes effect it shall be tha duty
oi every person who is now engaged as a prac
ticing barber to liave his or her iname regis
tered with 6ald board of examiners, and the
same shall be entered in a book for that pur
pose. Every person who shall so register with
enld board shall receive from the board a
certificate to that effect, and may continue to
practice as such without any Injury or liability,
it shall be the duty of the board of examin
ers to forward to the County Clerk of each
county in the State a certified list of those
who have registered in accordance with this
act.
Section 1. It shall be unlawful tor any per
son who Is not a practicing barber at the
time of the passage of this act to commence
such practice unless he or she shall have ob
tained a certificate as hereinafter provided.
Section 2. A board of examiners, to consist
of five competent barbers. Is hereby created,
whose duty it Ehall be to carry out the pur
pose of and enforce this act. The member*
o' this board shall be appointed by the Gov
ernor from competent barbers. Th» members
of this board shall hold office for four yearB.
The proposed act follows:
The Barbers' Union- of this city will
present a bill at the next Legislature for
passage which they claim will have the
desired effect of eliminating all
undesirable barbers from the trade
and will assure all customers fair
treatment The barbers claim that
there are too many novices In
the trade and that apprentices are now a
thing of the past. They think that if "an
act to promote competency and skill
among practicing barbers and to regu
late the practice of such lA the State,"
as prepared by them, is passed their cus
tomers as well as they themselves will
be benefited.
Union Men Now Framing Bill Which
They Will Present at the
Next Session of the
Legislature.
Apprentices Will Work for
Three Years Then Take
an Examination.
BARBERS WIT
LAWS ENFORCED
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1900.
•ta.iit
9
I Second Feet.
DATE.
1899. 1900.
1614 2695"
1464 22S5 .
1204 2285
1464 20SO
1614 1900
1464 1740
1464 1590
November 25
November 26
November 27......
November 28
November 29.......
November 30
December 1
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT
HERNDON^
I Second Feet.
November 25
November 26.; - -
November 27
November 28.. .'....
November 29
November 30.....:
December 1...
STANISLAUS RIVER AT
*1899. 1900. |
640 . 2670
743 2430
640 2070
C40 1830
445 1S30
443 ln!»0
443 15S-0
OAKDALE.
DATE.
1 Second Feet.
November 25
November 26 :..*.
November 27...'. .. .
November 28........
November 29 :
November 30
December 1
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JI
1S99. 1900. "
900 1540
1045 1450
1045 1450
900 " 136T,
830 1200
900 1200
760 1200
SLL.YB FERRY.
DATE.
I Second Feet.
1S99. I 1900.
November 25...
November 26
November 27
November 2S ..:...
November 29.
November SO .V
December 1.. — ....|
9. 800 10,100
8.915 14,300
12.200 12,200
51.16ft 13,100
53.480 ' 8.630
. 35,040 ¦ 8,350
21.S20 8.350
. KINGS RIVER AT RED
MOUNTAIN.
Second Feet.
1S99. I 1900.
DATE.
November 25 .".
November 26
November 27.
November 28 ...;.;
November 29
November 30.
December .1 : .
624 1450
624 1310
624 - 1100
672 • , 1100
572," .972,
520 1036'
520 972'
I Last I This I Last
STATIONS. 24 Hours Season. Season.
Eureka 14.93 22.55
Red Bluff 6.69 7.54
Sacramento 6.70 7.52
San Francisco 5.85 7.95
FreBno 4.98 3.91
Independenc* 3.14 1.23
San Luis Oblspo S.66 S.93
Ix>8 Angelea 6.79 2.51
San Diego 1.73 1.28
I Second Feet.
DATE.
1899. 1900.
1614 2695"
1464 22S5 .
1204 2285
1464 20SO
1614 1900
1464 1740
1464 1590
November 25
November 26
November 27......
November 28
November 29.......
November 30
December 1
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT
HERNDON^
I Second Feet.
November 25
November 26.; - -
November 27
November 28.. .'....
November 29
November 30.....:
December 1...
STANISLAUS RIVER AT
*1899. 1900. |
640 . 2670
743 2430
640 2070
C40 1830
445 1S30
443 ln!»0
443 15S-0
OAKDALE.
DATE.
1 Second Feet.
November 25
November 26 :..*.
November 27...'. .. .
November 28........
November 29 :
November 30
December 1
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JI
1S99. 1900. "
900 1540
1045 1450
1045 1450
900 " 136T,
830 1200
900 1200
760 1200
SLL.YB FERRY.
DATE.
I Second Feet.
1S99. I 1900.
November 25...
November 26
November 27
November 2S ..:...
November 29.
November SO .V
December 1.. — ....|
9. 800 10,100
8.915 14,300
12.200 12,200
51.16ft 13,100
53.480 ' 8.630
. 35,040 ¦ 8,350
21.S20 8.350
. KINGS RIVER AT RED
MOUNTAIN.
Second Feet.
1S99. I 1900.
DATE.
November 25 .".
November 26
November 27.
November 28 ...;.;
November 29
November 30.
December .1 : .
624 1450
624 1310
624 - 1100
672 • , 1100
572," .972,
520 1036'
520 972'
I Last I This I Last
STATIONS. 24 Hours Season. Season.
Eureka 14.93 22.55
Red Bluff 6.69 7.54
Sacramento 6.70 7.52
San Francisco 5.85 7.95
FreBno 4.98 3.91
Independenc* 3.14 1.23
San Luis Oblspo S.66 S.93
Ix>8 Angelea 6.79 2.51
San Diego 1.73 1.28
nEAL ESTATE CITY FOR SAVE, j
IIEAL nSTATn~12ARGAlN-i^ ~** "~"~ I
A. M. SPECK & CO. !
HARD TO BEAT HAttO TO HEAT •
prices wu.u BcnxcvV ai>vanc£ j
Flv< flats: rents, fsi*V .:,
I3CI0.
Tour flats: rents, S<s: dcantoyrn.
Three choice flat*. Dear Post and Taylor sts ¦
ray* 10 p«r cent; 27 i^et front; ofTer wanted.''
Flits: brand new; Wt cf Van Ness ave.:
r<nt*. JT2.
S-.Z.TVW-RETJI-CET) FROM $18,500.
IJus.n- -ss property; same isaants for years-
Here Ktid rr-ominc-houF*.
fie*— I'.KD'JCED FttOM U-250.
TSpJer.did Z-EU-ry ;-r.<m house, with stable;
fifhtly location: w.e-Uilnl cash.
$Tv00 INVESTED
T\ ill ;-!e'.3 I1QJ rent monthly above tar»s; brand- I
new irrrr'jver::»nt&- 1
KS.W*>-BfU)UCtCD FKCM *S2.CC0. !
ChcJcf crrner lot, '."5-foot front; within half!
a block cr Market fit.; with old improvement* •
rents about $«<i; the or.ly corner thut can be I
bouffht vicinity of Sixth et. I
BSL8W— RF.ni'Oi:t> FROM J60.000. j
C.rmnd investment: 100-foot front on Ellis Et • !
mVb imj.ruven->»rits-. nicer and tetter than ral-
cce Hsu-i; rents alxnit sr.OCU; terms "naif cash
fS350.
nents $-.(*>: 5<X> feet .'rent: n?ar Taylor rt :
n'i chance like It.
$16,000.
Mission Ft., In rear cf Palace Hotel; jot KxS9
feet; a bareain.
J20.000. '
Ccper. 60 feet front; vic'r.ity gutter St.. east
or Hy<>: prand. hotel, office cr rocmlng-house
e'.te; rents 1107.
_" 520,000.
rr.rr.ts; rer.ts° ?lS^'per' aVrs'um.' eRant lm P rove -
STO.OOO.
Fcrty-four feet front; vicir.'.ty of Tivoll: old !
-.nprpvemon's: rer.ts. JICO; Mock from Market; '
¦rill double eurely in 10 years.
JKO.CCO. ;
Market ft., nfsr Cb:i
A. M. SPECK & CO.. CC7 Market gt. !
FOTi sal- — Store and fiat on b«?st busings street I
In IVwem Addition; both rented. Apply i
r,:? t>.-;k m.. M-.nday.
IIEAL ESTATE COUXTflV For Sale
¦ACCXTRATE knowledge, each of the 3000 ranch-
es en ir.y tale and exchange list— more than !
all othf-r agents In city; state what's wanted.
'¦>. D STCKT~T.5v the T.mri Agent. <*. Oer r v st. !
KEATESTATFTO KiCHA\GE.
MARION GRIFFIN, 713 Market st., eells and
exchanges farir.s and city property; printed
!!sts.
NK'.V -ctta^e I rn-.s.. bath: lot MslflO* Mlssicn;
rc.tM »pr.r>- nrii v«"ant lors. 4'3 TCenrnv «t.
nEAL ESTATE WANTED,
V ANTED— ne*;.irr.ce, ? roo!rs; *7:6 feet front;
kcation California. Pacific, Fillmore, Rrod-
erick <=t*. : tip agents. Pox C>5. Cdl office.
ALMIU ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAHEDA REAL. ESTATE.
fob iNVESTJcarrs!^ """'"
I : ... v. ni'idfrn 5-roora cottagree: pay 10 V*r
wot; bawt loc*tior.: always rented; several i
oUter t! reains. Apply to A. R. DENKB i
: : . 'KM IVctMter Ft., Alameila. i
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS, i
OFFICE — 111S BROADWAY.
OAKLAM) BJSAL ESTATE.
I l.EOANT lots sacrificed. $15*: cost $S000; I19x
Ca : :ront= FYultvale ave. iOO — Cos=t *S(V>: 50x
S3*: ad.v-lr.s Frtutvale ave. LAYllAXCB
1.KAI, KPTATK CO.. 4W>-«C2 Eth St.. Oakland.
O4KUMI IIOtSKS TO LIST.
1 <<R r*r.t-TCr>, water- free; in-roo:n house; !
pr^ur-l^ [SSxlM: Ia7,-n, i'ruit trees, outhouses. ]
Arply at CT4 ?f.th st.. East Oakland, or DR.
PALI*. 46 OTarreU *t.. S«r. rrancisca.
COOD Sinuses. Get Mst from GEO. XV. ADS-
TTV <¦•¦<"<> , iot Hratd^-ftv. Oakland.
OAKLAND FinXITl'HK I'OIt SALE, j
AN Introduction to you from H. Schfllhaas, the |
furniture o^aler. 13th nrid rranklin, Oakland. ;
ROOMS fr'OIl HOlSKKEIirnC.
Bi'Cii.'.NAN, 3oT, near Waller— I comidete j
room* .-. Kh bath and range; rent J3.
CJLBTHO. -ilx. nr. 17ib. — Rear. 2 nice sunny j
r»,ms; lerte chi'k*n yard; stable. I
CHESTXUT. ~<3— Furnished rooms for house- i
keeping; fine view; runny corner building. ¦
"IXVnXTH. I r <! — Completely furnished con- •
rooting li<m=eke<>j)Irig rooms.
I, I SS— Suite rooms furnished for house-
k< ¦ ; r.^; rent cheap.
POUHTH, ~ZT — FMrnithed rooms, suitable for
:.i-: • h-.'Ut-* keeping; also single: reasonable.
VI'E. TM— A BUnpy upper floor of three or j
fowr honsokf-eplitg rooms : eap; bath. j
.VAliKET, nr. Mason — Larpe room and ia.Z~ \
chen. -folding bed, gas. ;:o. Call 342 Kearny n. j
y -NNA. 2S— Nice Funny furnished front house- ;
kecpins r»X)n:e. 7.=>c and Jl p-er week. j
SCOITSJ 133 —^unny fult*> of rooms with use of j
kitchen and d'.nics room.
MARKET. o;p. Fifth— Larre room an! kitchen.
(3: 2 maM f«ins, J6. Call 3«2 Kearny Et.
MISSIONS 9*3 — Vic* fr^r.t rr»om with grate anJ !
ioidinK tiM and kitchen complete. *- I
N'i:. 113— 4 cor.r.ectins rofMns; eun all day; j
lower flat: pas ranpe. prate, bath; 115. i
OTAHiJELLi, KC-2 or 4 nicely furnished :
room; fill conveniences; running water, gas,
• .-.'.h. phenp. etc.
TWELFTH. IT— nedroom and kitchen furnished
f«-r houst-keepine: rer.t tS.
VALENCIA, f'OT*— Sunny alcove eu'te; large
kltcben; e^f ran?*-; bath: complete for house-
keepir-.s; cheap : no children.
cLAfcSlFIKD a<3vertlseir.^nt« a.~A E'J Ascription* \
r*ceive<j ct Call office. 2200 Fillmore «t. {
HAOMS TO f.i:i lorn, and Infgrn.
A-nnrN5=vnCK House. 3« Blxth— Rooms Kc
to II pp r n'.cht; II 2t> to V> P^r week, and light |
housekeeping:: open all nifiht. j
BCBNETT. 14M Market fold Xo. 13M>— Fur-
r.ithc-J rms., euitf-s. single; also unfurnished.
EU6H, MU 'The Elk)— Nicely furnlthed tunny !
rms; day, Cue up: wk. $1 iO up. Mrs. P. Ranft. j
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Pnepantly i
furniFh» > '1 sunny room*; prices reasonable.
ni<;i!TH. 12SB, upp<r flat— Three furniEhed |
rooms In FUite or stnjrle. i
. j
IZl.lAP. r.2S — Corner suite; very desirable; walk- j
lr.B distance; no children. ' "=' j
KLI-IS, 725— l'urnlshed front room; one or two i
gentlemen preferred; German family; J7. '¦
CKAKV. 4% (The Xavarre)— IClepantly luraished j
rrr.s; suites or ftr.cle; traveler* accommodated, j
GRAND BOUXBBRV. southeast corner Seventh
and Mlf-^l^n tin.— Funnjr rooms, en suite or
single: ladies' rsrlor; r»'a<lln)r-rooni; elevator.
IIAHniSOX. 7S4>», near Fourth— Finely fur-
tiished sunny room*; bath, all conveniences; |
homeUte: Jl week up.
JIAVE.S. SSI— 1 cr 2 n'.^ly furniEhed rooms;
cheap; sulta.ble for single jrentleman; private
ftn:l!}'; use of bath.
J^AnKIN. ilTMr- L*ix« end tmall newly fur-
r1«hed roins for r"^tlf>mf>n; sunny.
J.,AFtKIN. g:?H — Large punnyroom: gas & bath;
fenttemca preferred; private; reasonable.
jIas PaLMAS. 1S2D Market st.— Suite of 1 or S
rrr.s. ; privat*; bath; 3ln. rros. :¦ board optional.
LEVl'IS plac<*. IS— PurnlPheil an3 nnfurslshed
room" to let: tingle or en B uite.
MARKET. 104SA— Nicely furnished Bunny
r^niris: suit** or e!n«le; very reasonable.
¦ MARKETT. icrs. between Sixth and Seventh,
above shoe ¦hop— Ni'.-e clean rooms; come and
eee them.
MTNVA 6«? corner Eighth— New furnished
bs> -window room. Jl per week: transient.
VETV AKUNGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished room*, ti * week up: 35c a day up.
O r FAprtni"'L«. — Sunny furnished rooms and
offiree; elevator: electric Ughta; day, wk.. mo.
rTNE. Ssu, near Taylor— Sunny furnished rooms
wlih all modern conveniences for two or three
f;eritlemen. ____^^___
tJi-TaL. House. 126 El!i» «t.— Incandescent light;
r'adirg-rrom. «mokln?-ro« i m and ladies' par-
!t; rr-om'. per night, ttc to $1 f.G; week, f 2 to
'i'; month, Js to S3 1 .': elevntor on ground floor;
" rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
UOPEOALE HousiTTn end 221 E1H« «.— Rooms, |
nirht Sc to SI. week $1 25 to ?4: open night, i
gH^llilAN Apartmont House. 2* Eighth Ft..
nemr X.lark?t— Furnished or unfurnished.
POT.'TH PARK, K0— Funny front parlor rultable
f.-r 1 or 2 s f n'~f In a. private family; r»:nt low.
TIM3 5»TANFO!ir>. ~2f>\* SuttJT— Houw changed J
lianoF ar.d renovated": ein?fe rooms, fS par
menth: etiltc* t!2 to %%•; nil sunny.
______
TTTTTC. 12S— rhirniFhed minny rooms; transient.
*: t.'P.K. 541— Single f'jrniehed front room for
tr-ntleman; private family.
CI-AFSiriED advert'.peraents and su»->««;riptlon9
received et Call branch office, 2Z30 Fillmare at.
Ql si ii hi a ¦ I in iri'i-i" -mi -inw iin null i.inruw "' ¦¦¦a^-a*
eouI. Interment Holy Croes Cemetery, San
Mateo County, by 12 o'clock creek boat from
Oakland, funeral car foot of Market street
at 1 o'clock.
HAGERTY— In this city, December 9, 1900,
Catherine, dearly beloved wife of James Ha-
tterty, and mother of James M. and William
J. Hagerty. and sister of Mrs. H. T. Renton
of Oakland, a native of Killbeggran, County
Westmeath, Ireland, aged 34 years 8 months
and 11 days.
gy Friends and acaualntanees are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 722 Harrison street, between Third and
Fourth, thence to St. Patrick's Chttrch.
where a solemn requiem high mass ¦will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Ometorj'.
HTFFAM-In this city, December 9. 1900. Ever-
ett Hoy Huffam, youngest and beloved son of
Walter and Katie Huffam, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 2 months and 15 days.
JOHNSTON— In this city, December 7, 1900,
Annie, dearly beloved wife of the late James
Johnston, and mother of Jane, Birdie, and
Mathew Johnston, a native of Ohio, aged 39
y ea rs.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:43 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Valente, Marlnl & Co.. 1524 Stock-
ton street, near Union, thence to St- Francis
Church for services. Interment Holy Croes
Cemetery.
LEAHY— In this city, December 8. 1900. Wil-
liam H. Leahy, beloved son of Mrs. Smith,
and brother of Mrs. O. Rtccoml. Mrs. A.
Johnson, Mrs. T. Maxwell and John Iveahy,
a native of Ban Francisco, aged 35 years.
ICrRemains at the residence of his brother,
720 L'nifin street. • v
LEFEHER- In this city. December 6. 1900, in-
fant son of Albert XV. and Julia Lefeber. a
native of San Francisco.
LARSEN— In this city, December 8, 1900, Frank
Oliver, beloved son of Christ and Anna Lar-
Bcn. and brother of Clara, Anna. Carl, Walter
and .Alice Xjirsen. a native cf San Francisco,
asred 3 years 9 months and 21 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 16 Rincon avenue, off Second
Etreet, between Brannan and Townsend. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MAGOONIS— In this city. December 7, 1900.
Ellen, beloved wife of the late Zacharias
Maeoonis, and mother of John. James and
George Mafoonis and the late Thomas and
Christine Magoonis, a native of County Kil-
kenny, Ireland, aged 66 years 9 months and
22 days.
C7Friends are reenectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 9
o'clock, from her late residence. 23 Wood
street, thence to Holy Cross Church, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment private, Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MARKS— In this city. December 7, 1900, Thomas
Marks, beloved father of Thomas H. Marks
and Mrs. William George, and grandfather of
Mary, Annie and Isabelle Marks, a native
of Cornwall, England, aged 69 years and 8
months. (Grass Valley and Eureka papers
please copy.)
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fullv invited to attend tho funeral this day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 420 I'rccita avenue. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
MEYER— In Alameda, December 9, 1900, John
Meyer, beloved husband of Mary Meyer, and
father of Mrs. W, Scholtenberg of Oakland,
and stepfather of G. C. Stripple of San Fran-
cisco and Al Stripple of Redding, Cal.. a na-
tive of Havarta. Germany, aged 60 years 11
months and 'S days. A member of Joe
Hooker I'ost No. 11. G. A. R., and Concordia
Stamm No. 2CS. U. O. R. M.
(E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Holt's Hall.
Webster street, Alameda, Cal. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery Oakland.
MITCHELL— In this city, December 0, 1900.
John C Mitchell, father of George M. Mitch-
ell. Mrs. Alice M. Swain and J. S. Mitchell,
a native of Massachusetts.
MOMBACH— In this city, December 8, 1500,
Otllia, beloved daughter of Mrs. Mary Mom-
liach. and sister of Annie. Lizzie. Mary and
Henry Mombach and Mrs. Christine Topp, a
native of New Haven, Conn.
tTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother. 311 Clipper street, between N'oe
and Castro, thence to St. Paul's Church,
Twenty-ninth and Church 6treots, where ser-
vices will be held at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery.
O'XEII^In this city. December 8, l»0O. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of William O'Neil, and
sister of Patrick and Mary Kelly, and aunt of
James T. Donahue and the late Thomas W.
Kelly, a native of County Cavan; Ireland,
aged CS years. (Boston papers please copy.)
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend thi? funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 543 Franklin street, near McAllister,
tin nee to St. Ignatius Church. Hayes street,
v.-here a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the renote of her soul, commencinir at 3
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SICKLKS— In this city. December 8, 1900, M. A.
Sickles, mother of Mrs. B. C. Hall, aged 79
years.
(ETFuneral services will be held this (Jay
(Mondn-' at 2 o'clock, at her daughter's resi-
dence, 906 Devls&dero street.
SMITH — In Altrurla, -December S. 1900, James
Henry Smith, beloved ion of Mrs. Elizabeth
,C. Smith, and brother of Frank J.. W. L.
and D. W. Smith, Mrs. C. M. Younsr. Mrs.
S. L. Gouldlng, Mrs. I. W. McGahan and
Mrs. i:. It. Seidell. a native of Utah, aged 42
years.
ICT'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
STANLEY— In this city, December 9, 1900,
Isaac W., beloved husband of Emma L. Stan-
ley, a native of Placervllle, Cal., aged 41
years.
IC^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at his late
residence, 237 Turk street. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
TDWT- In this city. December 9, 1900. Mary,
beloved wife of Malachl Tully, and brother of
Martin Murphy, and cousin of Mary Ann and
Winnie Hushes, a native of County Mayo,
Ireland, aeed 29 years.
CTXotlce of funeral hereafter.
WHITING— In thi3 city. December 7, 1900, Ann
C, wife of James W. Whiting, and mother
of Carrie M. Whiting. Mrs. J. K. Firth of
San Francisco and Mrs. E. J. Doerin&- of
CTiIcaco.
(CT't^uneral services will be held this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, at the residence. In-
terment rrivate.
ItOOMS AND BOARD.
EELECT family hotel; new Interior; three Epe-
cinl dinners weekly: rates to establish. b0<
Oalifcrnla Bt.
YOUX'J lady to share rocm with daughter;
board; reasonable; references. A. W\, box 623.
Call office.
BOAHD and rooms at 415 First at., near llar-
risrn. —--v
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED.
3TO1XKQ man would like room and board In
rrivato family, icss than flvo minutes' walk
from City Hall: mu?t be quiet; steady board-
er. T>ox 711, Call office. .
WAXTKD— Board; two; private family; West-
ern Addltiun, Fouth of Grove st.. west o£ Van
j Ness ave. Address box 627, Call office.
! SPKCIAI* SOTICKS.
I ~ -' .n. ¦! ¦ .-.j- ,-, ,- o
I NOTICE— Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic Orphan Afjlum since July 1. 1S39:
Irene Valdez. age 8 years; Laretto Duran. 7;
Madeline Duran, 6; Ray Croal, 8.
I ROOMS rar<?red from S3 up; plaster repaired
and Jer.ks. 319 Third st^
BAD tenants ejected tor $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
<15 Montgomery et.. rooms 9-10: tel. E5SD.
LEAKY tin roofs painted and repaired. Rooms
| ?€-37. GOG Montgomery, tel. Main 6523.
A WEEKS news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 riacps. In wrapper, for mailing. |1 per year.
SriWiriO KACIHXES AND SrPPL.IBS.
I AI^ kinds bought. Fold, rented, exchanged; re-
na'.rlnx lowest rat?s; open even. 2W Fourth.
i UOr-GIlT. s=nld. rented, rerairod: needles and
! Bbattl««: reduced rate». 1*5 Sth; phone Mint 5.
! ALL kinds boorht, sold and repairing guaran-
te"d. rjmrl?? Plain beck. 1''15 Mlsgion. nr. l.Hh.
STOHACJE AXD AVARKHOUSES.
BEKINS Van an«l Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1^40; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS.. Pf.raee and moving:: covered
vans. Tenth n.nJ Market: rfcone South 7C2.
! —
|. slot machim:s.
I POUGHT ar.d sold: new and seeond-hand: large
display; very rheap. 1167 Market.bet.7th & Sth.
i ?***— *— ™-— ¦—^— *~""^ ~* !!S^^SSS
TVPKWRITEXIS^ AXD 'j_ SUPPLIES^
GREATBARoIlSS 1^. T TYPEWRITERS — YV«
ecll better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. DSC California; telephone Main 28 J.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any mak-.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXAXDEK.
110 Mortroniery st.
DIVIDEXD NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 16 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the KHauea Sugar
Plantation Company T.ill be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market st., on and
after SATURDAY. December 15, 1900. Trans-
fer txx>ks closed on Saturday, December 8,
li-CO. at 12 o'clock m.
E. II. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEXD Kctlce.— Dividend X<T 22 Ohirty
oer.is per share) of the Paauhau Sutar Plan-
j tation Co., will be payable at the office of the
I company, IT. Market ft., on and after Mon-
j day. December 10. 1300. Transfer books will
ck.se on Tuesday. Derember 4. 1300. at 3
| o - clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.: A dividend. No. 24, of sever.ty-
five cents (73c) peT share on the Issued capi-
tal ttock of the company has been declared
l*yable at the office of the company, 430
California st., San Francisco, on December
10, 1500. Transfer books close December J,
1WX). at n<-*on. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, nsarrlare and death notices sent by
' mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either cf the publication offices and be
I Indorsed with the nam<? and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
STECJIER-In this city, November 2". 1500. to
the wife of Henry A Stecher (nee Mayer), a
; daughter.
• .
MARRIED.
ELLIS— McSTAT— In this city. December 9.
ISO". \>y Rev. John A. B. Wilson. Robert H.
KUie and Mamie McStay. both of San Fran-
cisco.
FULHAM-MARKL.EY— In this city, December
!<. 190% by P.ev. John A. B. Wilson. L»o H.
VXiiliam-and >laud TZ. Markley. both of San
I-'r^ncisco.
MciiriiHAT- McROWE— Iri - this city, Decem-
ber P. 150>, by Rev. Dr. Hutslnpillor, Bertif
F. McMurray cf San Jose and Ethel Estelle
McRowe of San Francisco.
PAKRY-niTCK-In this city. December 3.
1900, at Central M. E. Church, by Rev. r>r. :
Hutsinpiller. Fred Parry of this city and Ida
May Huyck of Ban Jose.
DIED.
Averell. Walter B. Larson. Frank O.
Bell, Henry Leahy. William H.
ProwTi, Jamos F. I,#fphor (Infant)
Byrne. Marj' E. Maennnlf. KHen
Co5srov*. Mary Marks. Thomas
Clark, Cecilia A. Merer, John
Crawford. Charlie E-. Mitchell. John C.
I>ally. Andrew J. Mombach. Otilla
I>onohue. Francis O'NVil. Marcaret
rannlng. James Pickles. M. A.
Gibson, Charles J. Smith. Jnmr-s II.
Oilcnrlst. Annie M. Ptanley. Isaac W.
Hajrerty, Catherin* Tully, Mary
Huffam. E^¦erett 11. Whltlnfr, Ann C.
Johnston, Annie
AVERELL— In Pasadena. December D, 1300,
Wnlter B. t beloved son of Sarah I?. Avereil,
a native of CaJlfornla. aged 24 years and 7
months.
B72?otlee of funeral hereafter.
BELL— In this city. December R, 1?<X). Henry
Ecll, a nativ» of England, aged 77 years.
BROWN— In thin city. Iwcpmber 7. 1900. James
FVanklln Brown, a nati%-e of Kentucky, aged
77 years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<T\K. £ da v ). at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White. 122 Kddy street. In-
terment Cincinnati. Ohio.
BYRNE— In this city, December 8. 1900, Mary
E., dearly beloved and only' daughter of
Thomas and Bridget Byrne., and beloved sis-
ter of John M. Byrne, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
CT"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral this day
? Monday), at 8:20 o'clock, from hT late resi-
dence. 1202 Octavia str»f:t. thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue, where a
solemn requiem high muss will be celebrated
for the repose, of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
COPOROVE— In thla city, December S. l?00,
Mary, beloved wife of Patrick II. Cos-urove.
a native of County Mayo. Ireland, aired 63
years and 2S days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Tiiesday), at S:M o^clock sharp, from th»
parlors of James McMenomy & Bon. 1<W7 Mis-
sion etreet. thence to Et. Francis Church,
where a 6olemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of h»r fouI, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. .Please omit flowers.
CLARK— In this city. December 9. 1S<V>, Ceci-
lia Annie Clark, beloved daughter of Annie
and Stephen Clark, and elster of Alice, Char-
lie and Eteph'n Ciark. a native of Ban Fran-
cisco, aired 1 year and 11 months.
ICTNotlee ct funeral hereafter.
CRAWFORD— In Fonoma County, Cal., Decem-
ber 9, 1S00. Charlie E. Crawford of San Ra-
fael, younjrest For. of Walter D. and Grace N.
Crawford, aeed 14 years 7 months and 21 days.
(CyFunerai to-morroT." (Tuesday), at 10
o'clock, at Ban Rafael.
DALLY— In this city, December 9. l?00. Andrew
J.. husband of the late Mary A. Dally, and
father «f Joseph F. Dally, a native of New
York, need 64 years 11 months and 16 days.
(New York papers j-'lraae copy.) ¦ ,. . -.
inTTVirnrfs and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late reM-
denc* 1W)5 Bush stre»-t. thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a eolemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repow of his soul. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery by can-la*:*.
DONOHUE— In this city. December 9, 1900, at
her residence. £17 McAllister 'street. Francis,
dearly beloved daughter of Thomas and th«
lato "Rose Donohue, and sister of James.
: : arah. George and the late John, Thomas and
-Vlnnle Donohue and Mrs. F. J. O'Neill, a na-
tive of San Francisco.
t^"Notlc* of funeral hereafter.
FAVNINO— In this city. December 8, 1300.
James, Ivlovcd husband of May Fanning, and
father of Thomas F., May A. and Andrew J.
Fannln*. a native of County Leltrlm, Ire-
lsrd, ared CO year*.
GIBSON— In Cupertino, Santa Clara County.
December 9. 1900. Charles J. Gibson, a native
of Manchester, Great Britain, a«ed 80 years
and 10 months.
GILCHRIST— In Berkeley. December 8. 1900.
Annie M. Gilchrtet, beloved mother of J. P.,
It C. and M. J. Gilchrtst. and Mster of Mary
B.' Ragan. a native, of Providence, U. I., aged
H years 5 months and 25 days.
C^TFtiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services ;
this day (Monday), at 10 o'clock, at h<r late
residence, 1G10 Falrvlew etreet, Berkeley
(Ixsrin station), thence to St. Columba's
Church where a requiem mass will > be cele-
brated at 10:30 o'clock, for the repose of her
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
iEuccessor to , Flannatan & f!allaj:her> .
DANIEI* P. DONOVAN; Mcr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
/ncAVOY «fc CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS &. EMBALMERS. E
1239 Market St.. between Sth and 9th. §
Telephone South 247. ... !
BAILROAD TBAVEL. "
sOtITHKK.il PAt'IVI« IO.1IPAST.
(PACIFIC »T.1T«M.)
Train* !•>»»«• and ar* Uu» la »rrl t • •!
N.4N Klti.iCIMO.
(Main line. Foot of Market Street)
LKATI — IltOK DXCIMBXB L 13001 — *»»!?¦
•7:00a Banidt, Sufoan, Emir*. VMsrffla,
Ramsey aad SJfccramento "7t43r
¦?>••* Shasta Express— Davis. Willitms (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Bed
Bluff. PorUand. •7t*it
•7j3O a Mwtinex. Had Ramon,V4lleJo. N»p»,
CalUtnja and Santa. Rosa ••tlSr
•SiOOa D*tU, Woodlaail. Knights Laodlnc.
M irjsfille, OroiiUe. *7M3r
•1:00a Atlantic KxpresS— Ojdan and Eut '2:l3f
•SiOOANlles, LlTenaoxe, Tney. Lftthroo,
8»o<iton «7»13f
•Bi3«a San Jose. Uiermore. Stoekton.
Ion*. Sacramento, Flacvrftlle,
M*rysf il!e. Chlco, lted lil.i.f Mil»r
•«i3i»» Oilidi.e. Chinese, Souor*. Carters... *4il3y
•<»:»(»» HajwarJg. Nilrs *nd W*y (Station*. •! I ltd*.
•»iO«aLm Aoceles Express— UuUno.
Tracy. L^Uirop. Stockton. Mercod
Fresno aud Los Angeles -»tl3r
•9:X0a VaUeJo. M»ftlnri and Way SUMoaa *3i43p
•1O:OOa Tho OTexUnd limited— Ogden, Den- _
Ter. Omaha. Chicago »«>43»
•Ihooi Nile*, Stockton. Sacnoieato. Meo-
iloti. Vresao,' Banlonl. VUaU*.
PorteniUo *4il3r
•11:00* LlTermore. Sacger. Gothea Jano-
tlon. Bakersfleld. Loa Ancelea
tlsOOp Saerameuto i:i«»r St«smsn tUiOO*
•.t:O«>r Hajwards. Ntles and Way Stottons. •at-«3r
M:O»f Martinez, Hmii lUmoit, TaUsjo,
Napa. Calistiunt. SauU Kon *9i19a
•liOOpBenicU, Winters, fiaoramsoto,
Wo»hII»:k!. KuiiibU Landing.
Muynlll*. OiotUIs •!•<¦¦•«
•4»aop HaTwarda. Nllea and SaD Joaa f»>4"»A
•3:00r Nilea, LlTermore ud Stocktoa * 19:43*
a5:00p Suno.t Limited. El Ftso, Vvw
Orleans and Kut. elOtl.TU
•3:OOrTha Owl Ijmltsd— Tracy. FrMno.
U»ker%aeld, Ban^iu tor Saat* Bai-
bara. Lot Aneeles. *l*sl3*
*3i0Op New Orle»nf Eipiess— llakersfleld,
8a>iU IUrbara.IiOa Auuolea. Dem-
Ing. El Faa«, New Orleans aud
Kut *7r«l»»
•«iOOrHaT»ud(.Ml«andSaii Jot* *7>I^a
1B:«Or Vallejo »ll>434
•O:«op Oriental Mall— Ogden, Chejenae.
Omaha. Chicago »ai»3r
•«:««r Orlentat Mall— Ogden. Denvar.
Omaba. Chicago. *4tl3r
*7i00pOrsgouand California l£xprogs,rtao>
ranientii. Marjrsfiilf. Kadilluc,
FortlaiKl. Fnget Ho.u.d and Kaak •Si4.1a
•SiSSpgan Pablo. Pork Costa. Martlnes
and Way Stationa *1i»43a
t*;Q3rV*iHo »ll?»i
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Uauge).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
•Ms 1.1* Newark. On ter»U le, Man Joss, Felton,
fioalder Creek, S»nt* Cruz and Waj
Stationa •••auf
failSF Newark CeoterTille, Sail Joaa, New
Alma.Iou. FcUou, lloulder Creek,
Santa Crux and l'rincipal War
8tatloua flOiAM*
•4il3p Newark, San Joie, Los Oato* *S:30i
all:l.tp Hnnten' Exennion, Saa Jose and
Way Stations tTi»»r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
toaSlI miCKCO-Fist tf Markil SUnKSIh i)~
t7:15 9:00 11:00*. «. 1:33 3:03 3^3 p.-.
fn»0»IL»»S— f»ol .r3rt«d».j.— trt.OO tS.OO Xi.Qi
10:004.ii. 18:53 2:03 4:33 *3:03r.M.
COAST DITISJON (Broad O'anje).
(Third and Towngen.l SU.)
tOtlOA. Ocean View. Month ban Francisco.. t«i<l«r
*7:OVA Han Joaa and Way .Stations (New
Alinadea WsJiiesdiji only) *li3i»r
*tiO«a Hiu Jo«e. Trei I'inoi, HauU Cruz,
r.cilio Croie. 1'asa Itubles. Sau
Iiitla Obiapo, Hurf. I.onapoc and
Prinolpal Wi> Station* ««il«p
•I as in. 8aa Joao and War Stations ••1:33 a
•I 1:30a Han Jose and Wai Stations *3s30r
t«: I3r Sau Mateo, Kedwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Saw Joae.
Trea Pinoa. Santa Una, Salinas.
Monterey aixl Pacific Grors fOi^OA
fa<3Op8aa Jose and Way Station. *?:.1Op
t l:15r San Joae and Principal Way Station* *U: I5 4
f5:OOrSan Jose, Los Gatoa and Principal
Way Stations »M«i
•5:3Or Sau Joss ami Principal Way Stations *S:33a
•6::iOrSanJo»eaud WayStations fS:«O4
gll;4.'ip3an Joaaaiid W.y Sutlont *7<30p
A for Homing P for Aftarnoon.
• Dally. t Niinday exempted. I Sonday only.
t Mondays. Wednesdays, Fridays.
e Tnesdays, Thursdays, Sundays.
a Saturday onl;
CALIFORNIA NORTflWESTEBN RT. CO.
T-iESSEJB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBt^lON FERRY-FOOT OF MARKET «T.
Ran Francisco to San Rttfael.
"WTTEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: U^S. I'M.
6:10. 6:30 p. m. Tbursdays— Bxtra trtl> at 11:3*
p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 aad
11:30 p. m.
6LWDAYS-3:C0. 9:3d. 11:00 a. nx; 1:30. 1:19. 5:00.
«:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAT8-S:10. J:JD. »:20, U:10 a. m.; U:4S.
1:49, 6:10 p. m. Satordays—Eztra trlpa at 1:JJ
and <:S3 p. m.
BUNDAT3- 3:10. »:«. 11:10 tu ax.-. 1:40, »:tO. COS.
«:» i> m.
Betweto Ean Francisco and Schuatxea ParS,
urn* tctiedul9 as above.
Leave 1 In ECect j Arrl-»«
Ean Francisco, f Not. 7. 1900. I San rranclaoo.
Week J Sun- I 1 Sun- I W««k
Dayt. f days, f Ptitlnatlon. [ dari. I Day*.
7:30&m 8:00 am Xovato. 10:40 axn S: 43 ara
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
(:10 pm 8:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm t:X3 pm
Fulton,
7:M am Windsor. 10:25 aa
Haaldsbura;. ,
Lytton.
Oyservllle.
1:30 pm 8:00 ara Clorerdale. f 7:t3 pm J:Spm
7:33 am! I Hopland I J
I S:0O am| and UkUth. f T:S pmf «:C pra
7:30 am 10:23 ana
8:00 am Gu*rae villa. 7:33 pm .
1:30 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 1:00 am Sonoma l>:15am 8:40 am
and I
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | f :05 pm 1:23 pm,
7:30 am] 8:00 am) 110:40 am 10:23 am
I : jo pmf 5:00 pm| SebaatopoL [ 7:35 pm 1:32 pra
Stagea connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Spring*; it
Geyservllla for Skagg"- Springs: at Cloveria.!*
for the Osysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyrllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
BDrlngs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. RlTerslde. Uerley's. Bucknell'a,
Eanhedrtn Heights. Hullvllle. Orr-s Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City, Fort Brat's", Westport, Usal.
WUlets. LeytonvlK Cummlngs, Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olaens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
*On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market at.. Chronicle build*
H. C. WHITINO. Gen. Pass. Agt-
G-n. Manacer.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto ferry.
Commencing September 30. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN" RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— S:53. •9:15. 11:00 a. m.. 1:15.
3:13. 4:CO. 6:15, -6:15. C:4O p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'SiCO. *10:00. •11:30 a. m.. 1-Ji.
X:15. «S:45. «:S0. 9:00 p. nu
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAM RA-FAEI* TO SAN FRANCISCCL
WEEK DAYS-6:20, »«:30, 7:43. 9:30 a. m..
•12:30. 1:43. «3:30, 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday.
and Saturdays at C:43 and 10:20 p. m.
StTNDAYS— «:2O. 'S:©©, 10:00. »U:45 a. m.
•1:40. *2:15. 4:45. t:3O p. m. *
Trains marked <•> start from Ean Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCCX
WEEK DATS— 5:45. €:45. 7:55. 9M a. m/
12:35. 2:10. S:SO. 4:S4, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:C3. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:13. 1:30.
B:0O. 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINa
(:K a. m. week day a — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:43 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way sta-
tions.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way sta-
tions.
Santa Fe
Trains— oa»y.
L«ave Mxrk*t-atre«t Ferry D«90C
Lt*. Ban Francisco. »:00 a m 4:10 p ml 1:00 p m
ait. Stockton 11:39 p m 7:15 p m 11:08 p ra
- " Merced ........ X:43 p m ¦ 1:18 a n»
** Fresno - 4:20 p m t:OS a na
— VlMJIa •:<» p m 4:S0 a i&
- Tulare «:22 p m »:10 a ra
" Hanford S:33 p m T:O» a m
* Bakersfleld ... 8:50 p m 7:30 a n»
•* Denver „ 10:00 a m ¦
*• Kansas City... 5:15 p m
•• Chicago 7:40 am
I a. m. train Is the Overland KzprMa. Corr*.
¦ponding train arrives at 4 p. m. dally.
4:19 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Corrwpaatdtat
train arrive. 11:05 a. m. dally. -
1:00 p. m. l» Fresno and Bakeraflald Express,
with Ele«plng Cars for both cities. Corr»apcn<i-
tuc train arrives at S a. ra. dally.
OFFICES— «41 Market st. and In Ferry Ifepaa.
Baa. Franclaco: 1113 Broadway. Oakland,
y"^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
¦ftLrt'fW^ill ** — •' KKAKST ST. £stabl!sbe<l
M\ t ?^. <^ 1 " XSZ4 - for th^ tr»-atmpnt of Priv.trt
MJA '25/ Diseases, l^>st ManuofKl. Debility or
Wf3&£dfc2Vll*''as>» wearin?on body and mind and
«a3HTS?fOa slcin Diseases. Tb« Doctorcnreswhfn
JJMg|aaraRiothers fail. Try him. Cbari*ps low.
iV»Ss\Sa«'nrn ciiarmitrr<l. C»llorwrll».
I>r. J. f. OlBliu.N . Saa Itiaodaco. GO. .
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
*EV^ ~ wharf, San Francisco:
BVjEh-fci. For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.,
Ps^Sfcv Dec - 2 - 7 - 12 - 17 > 22 - 2; . Ja =- 1-
I^J/^jgJ^^. Chance to company's steamers
i»SS«3a« For Vctorla, Vancouver (B.
fj^BtesdSSsLl C *'' Port To^nssnd, S-attle.
, I "%tgSfg\ Tacoma, Everett. Anacort^j
and New Whatcom (Wash.)— u
, m.. Dec 2. 7, 12. 17. 22. 27.
Jan. 1. and every ftfth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to
N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Huxnboldt Bay — I p. m.. D«e.
, 4. ». 14, 19, 24. 29, Jan. 3, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For San Die^. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Queen, "Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, Ean Simeon, Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays. 9 a. m. ; steamer
Bonita, Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jese del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. ¦
The company reserve* the right to chanjr*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of tailing
¦without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — < New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS ft CO.. Oen. ARents.
10 Market Rt. fan Francisco.
THE 0, R. & R. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
T> O TZ, T L .A. 1ST ID
From SDear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADt "£l2~Flfit"C'fdM iricludlnpfBerth
l/inC $3 Second Class and Meals.
GEO. W. ELDER sails Dec. 9. 19. 29
COLUMBIA sails Dec. 4, 14, 24. Jan. 3
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. "WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p.m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and . Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongknnf? with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
. Saturday, December 29, 1S00
BS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January 24. 1901
ES. NIPPON MARU
Tu«day. February 19. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
HI TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOHDOS. tlZlX
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York Dec. 12 New York Jan. ]
Southwark Dec. 19 Kensington Jan. 9
St. Louis.. Dec. 28 Noordland ' Jan. It
RED STAR LINE;
N«w York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Frlesland ...Dec 12 Westernland ....Jan. 2
Southwark Dec 19 Kensington Jan. 9
Westeraland ...Dec. 28 Noordland Jan. It
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
80 Montgomery st. Or any of Its agents.
PANAMA R, R, V™
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
S. S. ST. PAUL sails December 18,
S. S- ROANOKE sails January 8,
From wharf, foot of Fremont «t., at 2 p. m
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market it
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.'
oeeanies.sio.as
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
"Wednesday. December 12, 9 p. m
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday, December 28, J d m
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti „. '
' Sunday, January 6, 4 p. m.
j. D.SPRECKEIS & BROS. CO., Gsneral Agents, 327 Varkst St
Een'l Passanger Otfisa. 643 Marks! St., Piar h. 7, Pacifis St
COMPAGNIE SENEHALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, acorns*
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of ty^&J
Saturday, from November 2. 1S3J, a: cwfteQ&J
10 a. m., - from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton street. First-class to Havre. |^5 and
upward. Second-class to Havre, (42 SO and up-
ward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hud3on
building). New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO..
Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue.
Bai? Francisco.
j$AY^ AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Moatlcello."
MON.. Tue3.. Wed., Thur». and Sat. at 9:43
a. m., 8:15. 8:30 .p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 P. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a, m. : S
p. in. Landlnr and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 130$.
FARE 50o ,
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Firry:
WEEK DATS.. ..9:15 a. m.; 1:43 and 4:03 p. m.
SUNDAYS 1:00k 10:00. 11:33 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare. Saa Francisco to Summit and Return.
tl 40. .
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALFAI3 NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices. CM Market tt.. Sausallto Ferry.
AUCTION SALES
GBEAT AUCTION SALE
Thoroughbred Yearlings
AND OLDER HORSES FROM
SANTA ANITA STOCK FARM.
(E. J. Baldwin, Prop.)
RANCHO DEL SIERRA.
(Theo. "Winters. Prop.)
ONEONTA STOCK FARM.
(E. D. McSweeny, J*op.)
Comprlslnff sons and daughters of Amigo.
Key el Santa Anita. Nomad,- Santiago, Rey del
Sierras, El Rio Rey. Lordllke and Emperor ot
.Norfolk, and the choicest mares on these farms.
"WEDNESDAY EVENING, DEC. 12, 1900.
Commencins at 7:45. at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 HOWARD ST.. NEAR THIRD.
Horses at yard. Catalogues ready.
WM. G. LAYNO. Auctioneer.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
P* AT £*
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET. S27
SIXTH ST.
WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 12, AT 11 A. M.
By Order of Mayor Phelan.
We will sell a lot of Fire Department horses,
also 20 head of good, young horses from tho
country.
¦¦¦•;*•:¦- SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.Trunks & traveling baps. Before buying »e«
our "bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co., 129 Ellis.*
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Dnif slsU, 60c flask. Richards & Co., 4W Clay.*
Belies of Nelson ; Stolen.
;-•';' LONDON^: Dec. ; , 10.'— Several ; relics of
Lords Nelson,' -including T his ;watch and
many; of the medals awarded -him, were
Btoleni-frbm * the- Greenwich Hospital* on
Saturday -afterl the attendants left. The
police have no trace of the thief. - .
NOT SEEKING > APPOINTMENT.
ton to \ Gain an Office.
Harrison Gray Otis Not in Washing-
WASHINGTON; Dec. 9.— It can be defi
nitely and authoritatively stated that the
report that General' Harrison Gray f Otis
is in' Washington ..seeking /an: olllclal 'ap
pointment Is without foundation or - fact.
General Otis .himself ;iB authomy.for-lho
statement that he has not applied for any
appointment whatever under the admin
istration. He is not in "Washington on an
office-seeking: mission, iitul-- tie :l;ircs that
there is> no warrant whaluvvrfortho iv.'u
llshed statements to the contrary, :is tho
Ix>s Angeles Times engages hls'ontire at
tention. ¦., r : ¦-.• ¦.= ,;• ¦ . ¦:•¦•¦•••;' ¦¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦
EXPERT VARDON JiAYS
GOLF IS A SILLY GAME
Supplies Amusement and Good Exer
cise, but Is Not a Noble
Sport.' ¦
DENVER, Dec.; 9.— Plarry Vardon. pro
fessional grolf player and former champion
of England, said during a discussion of
the game on his way ' to the station to
day: , ' ,.
•'Golf is 'a silly game. You take as much
pains to make every stroke as you would
to build- a house. It's amusing and it's
good exercise, but this thing of calling it
a noble sport is all rot. It's a silly game."
Somebody suggested that it ' had ¦ been
anything but a silly game so far as his
profit was concerned, but Vardon only
laughed. .
Victim of Carbon Monoxide.
Andrew J. Dally, retired marine en
gineer, 65 years of age, was found dead in
bed yesterday morning at his son's resi
dence, 1905 Bush street, with the gas from
one of the Jets partly turned on. The
body was removed to the Morgue. There
was a gathering of friends at the house
Saturday night, but the old man did not
meet them and retired early. It is sup
posed that in turning off the gas he ac
cidentally turnd it partly on again.
DWELLS UPON GOOD DONE
IN ARMY POST- EXCHANGES
Inspector General Breckinridge Says
They Help to Promote the Mor
als of the Men.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.-A report from
General J. C. Breckinridge, inspector
general, U. S. A., to the lieutenant gen
eral commanding the army, urges an in
crease of the Inspector general's depart
ment In order to put it on a more efficient
basis, and also calls attention to the un
certain and hampering effects of detailed
instead of permanent officers in that de
partment. , «
A lengthy chapter of the report is . de
voted to conditions in the Philippines, set
ting forth the initial lack of a properly
organized syestem of land transportation
in the islands and scarcity of well-equip
ped pack trains and tne improvements ef
fected in these conditions.
"The evolution of the army ration" is
dwelt upon at some length. General
Breckinridge also touches upon the suc
cess which sugar and sweets have at
tained as a part of the soldiers' food, es
pecially in the tropics. The success that
has attended the establishment of post
exchanges at garrisons throughout the
country is noted, and it Is stated that
the concensus of opinion in the army gen
erally is that the present exchange pro
mo e i ?t- tn ? mora ls. temperance, discipline
an u i? health of the men as compared
with the former regime, bales of liquor
are confined to soft drinks, beer and light
wines— a radical departure from the old
system, when whisky was one of the ar
ticles issued by the subsistence depart
ment.' -
Evans' Ale- and Stout
Are bottled at brewery, which insures purity.
Only one grade Is bottled, and that the highest.*
Isaac W. Stanley, proprietor of Stan
ley's Grotto, Market and Turk streets,
died yesterday morning at his residence,
237 Turk street, and his body was removed
to the Morgue to await the result of an
Investigation.
Stanley went home Wednesday evening
about 6 o'clock and while ascending the
stairs fell backward to the bottom. Mrs.
Stanley and the servant girl, Lottie Ed
wards, were In a rear room at the time
and heard the noise of the fall.
"What is that?" exclaimed Mrs. Stan
ley, and the girl replied that It was some
one dumping coal next door.
In a minute or so they heard groans,
and going to the top of the stairs saw
Stanley lying in a heap at th© bottom.
They helped him upstairs and put him to
bed. Drs. J. M. Williamson and M. B.
Estcs were sent for, and they found that
Stanley's left arm was broken In three
places and there was a gash on the left
side of his head. Everything was done for
him, but he got worse and had to be tied
down in his bed till he finally succumbed.
Dr. T. B. W. Leland made an autopsy
on the body and found that death was
caused by delirium tremens. Dr. Leland
says that in the case of a heavy drinker
a sudden shock will bring on delirium.
The injuries received would not have
caused death. The body was afterward
taken to 237 Turk street.
Isaac M. Stanley, Saloon-
Keeper, Meets With a
Fatal Accident.
SHOCK OF A FALL
CAUSES HIS DEATH
Police Officer J. Xyhan of the Seven
teenth-street station found himself in a
tight place at 5 o'clock yesterday after
noon while making an arrest of a man
named Richard Meehan at Twenty-second
and Chattanooga streets. At the time
mentioned a row started between a few
of the warm-belt roughs and the officer
placed Meehan under arrest for disturbing
the peace.
Xyhan had no sooner arrested his man
than he was set upon by the gang and an
attempt was made to take the prisoner
away. In this the women of the neighbor
hood took part against the officer and
closed in on him in such a manner as to
prevent him from drawing his club. In
the rough and tumble fight that followed
Nyhan drew his pistol, which was seized
by Meehan and discharged. This had the
effect of scattering the crowd and Meehan
was subdued.
Just at this time, acting on information
sent to the Seventeenth-street station.
Officers Redmond and Xorton arrived with
the patrol wagon and conveyed Meehan to
the station, where he was charged with
battery and disturbing the peace. Among
the crowd who made themselves conspicu
ous In battering the officer were two
Lynch brothers; who made good their es
cape. Xyhan's head was considerably cut
and bruised in the rough handling which
he received at the hands of the gang.
Policeman Nyhari Has Des
perate Battle in Mak
ing an Arrest.
WOMEN RUSH TO
AID OF PRISONER
WASmXGTONV Dec 9.-The Senate
*ill continue to give Its attention to the
"^-fauncefote treaty and the ship-sub
sidy bill during the present week, taking
up .irst one and then tho other as may
suit the convenience of those who may
wish to speak on. the two measures. Dur
iny the last session of. Congress the Nic
araguan canal bill was made the special
crder of business for Monday next, but
the establishment of the ship bill as the
regular order will have the effect of dis
placing the canal bill, preference belns
given under the rules of the Senate to
a regular order/over a special order. It
is understood that Senator Morgan, who
has charge of the canal b!U, will not press
that measure until the treaty for the ab
rogation of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty is
disposed of. On this account the friends
of the. ship bill do not apprehend that he
will make any opposition to the continu
ance of the consideration of that measure.
He has, indeed, said that he would be
content to allow his bill to follow closely
in the wake of the ship bill.
Three or four Senate speeches are prom
ised in opposition to the subsidy bill, and
it Is expected that most. If not all of
those already in sight, will be made dur
ing this week. . Among those who proba
bly will speak on the subject are Senators
Clay,- Vest and Berry, all of whom op
pose the bill. Senator Vest is an especial
advocate of free ships.
There are differences of opinion as to
what effect the taking of a vote on the
fortification amendment to the treaty will
have upon the time of disposing of that
instrument, but a majority of the Sen
ators express the opinion that the vote
upon the treaty itself will follow very
soon after, the vote upon the amendment.
The indications are that the amendment
will be adopted, and, as thus amended,
the treaty will be ratified. Opponents of
the treaty will offer other amendments,
but they do not count upon having them,
favorably acted upon.
The Senate will not sit Wednesday, on
account of the centennial celebration of
the establishment of the seat of Govern
ment at Washington, and there is a possi
bility of adjournment from Thursday un
til Monday of next week.
PROGRAMME IN THE HOUSE.
Brewing Interests Working for
Further Decrease of Beer Tax.
WASHINGTON, , Dec. ¦ 9. — The pro
gramme in the House for the coming
week contemplates the consideration and
passage ' of the* legislative, executive M and
judicial appropriation bill and the bill for
the reduction of the war revenue taxes.
Wednesday will be dies -non, so far as
legislation is concerned, as on that day
the exercises in; connection with the cen
tennial celebration of the removal of the
seat of "Government to. Washington will
be held in the House. The legislative ap
propriation - bill Is not. expected to ¦ con
sume more than two days at. most — prob
ably only one— and the. leaders expect
that the remainder; of the week will suf
fice to pass 'the war revenue reduction
act. ¦¦ " v --' ¦ '¦¦' • '*"• ¦ ¦•¦-•-"¦ -.- •-
It Is probable -that special interests
which do -not receive "the consideration
of the bill which they. think they are en
titled-to ; will -attempt to amend.it. This
is especially true of the brewing interests,
which hope to obtain a further reduction
of the tax (on beer from Jl CO a barrel,
as fixed by the committee; to $1 35 a bar
rel.' / A plan ' has been : organized by which
tnese Interests' believe -.they can accom
plish : their, purpose. In. order ;to' secure
this ~. reduction,^ which -.will * amount to
aoout $7.000,000, , that ; amount . of r- revenue
must be attained; -anu- those members who
are working- for a ¦ further reduction on
beerSwill advocate the- retention of the
tax on bank checks. and discounts, which
amounts : to about-' tne, same sum. -It -is
understood that many of the larger banks
are not opposed r to the ' reduction 'of this
tax, 5 on the 'ground that: it reduces the
number • of small checks presented for
payment, and thus: reduces, the cost of
the clerical force?ln; the -banks.- Most of
the Republican members of the Ways and
Means \ Committee do not « believe a suc
cessful f fight can ¦: be ¦ waged against any
feature :. of . the t committee's bill.
Senator Morgan Will Not Oppose a
Postponement of Action on
the Isthmian Canal
Measure.
Hay-Pauncefote Treaty and
Ship. Subsidy Bill to
Occupy the Time.
SENATE'S PUNS
FO R THE WEEK
despondent mood since his wife died and
has< frequently threatened to commit sui
cide.
The engine employed in the attempt
either at murder or suicide is what is
known as a two-burner gas stove. It v,-as
connected with the supply pipe by a short
piece of tubing, but when the officers en
tered the place they found the tubing
thrown over the partition into the place
where Rosenthal slept. Subsequent to the
police investigation it was Coiled up and
laid on the sev/ing table.
MAN ACCUSED BY HIS PARTNER
OF CRIME, AND THEIR TAILOR
ING SHOP. v
AN .opera bouffe attempt at mur
der or suicide was ma^e early
yesterday morning in the tailor
shop conducted by Rudolph Mess
and Samuel Rosenthal at 8S3
Haight street. In a small room located
under several pretentious flats "the two
men conduct a place for the alteration
and repair of clothing. Mess has a wife
and three children living in Berkeley,
whom he visits once a week. Rosenthal Is
a widower and has one child In an orphan
asylum and another living with a Mrs.
DeBoe at 1220 Webster street.
The shop occupied by the two men is
also their sleeping apartment. One man
sleeps under tne stairway leading to the
flats above and the other In a small box
like apartment used at various times for
the trying on of rejuvenated clothing. For
some time past. Mess and Rosenthal have
had differences about their financial af
fairs. One time one partner would buy
out the other, and next time the bought
out partner would reciprocate. The en
tire amount of money involved scarcely
approximated 5100.
On Saturday night Mess left Rosenthal
in the place and went 'to the grocery store
of Julius Feiss at the corner of Devlsa
dero and Haight streets, and played cards
until closing timer which according to
Felss Is about 11:20 on Saturday nights.
But his clock was a little fast and he
closed according to the clock.
Mess did not drink, but left the bar
with a pocketful of cigars. He claims
that he went back to the shop and could
not get in. Then he disappeared. It was
not until early morning, about 6:30 o'clock,
that he was found in the neighborhood by
Special Officer George J. Delmar, who
with Patrolmen Nylan and Fenner arrest
ed him and charged him with attempting
Rosenthal claims that after finishing
the day's work he went to bed and was
awakened by the smell of gas. He was
in a half-dazed condition, but managed to
get outside. He claimed -that the supply
hose of the gas stove was pouring deadly
fluid into his room and that the carbon
monoxide would have caused his death
had he not awakened. He notified the
Dolice. Rosonthal was none the worse for
his experience, and after walking around
for a time was able to give the police a
clew to hi? alleged assassin.
Mess says he did not turn on the gas,
and gives a complete account of his move
ments after he left the grocery store, llo
eenthal, his neighbors say, has been in a
Rudolph Mess and Samuel Rosenthal, Two Tailors, Are Principals in
Mystery Which Involves Either an Attempt at Homicide or Self
Destruction and Which Is Making" Bother for Officers of the Law.
ACCUSES HIS PARTNER OF TRYING
TO MURDER HIM WHILE HE SLEEPS
BY TURNING GAS INTO THE ROOM
10
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 190U.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _. l __ l _- u -,^ r
-FOB THE-
LADIES' INITIALED HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS
(pure linen.)
$1.00, $1.50 and $3.00 per Box.
GENTS' INITIALED HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS
(pure linen.)
$1.50, $2.40 and $3.00 Box.
(6 IN A BOX).
GENTS' SILK INITIALED HEMSTITCHED HANDKER-
CHIEFS, }•"
40c, 50c, 75c and $1.00 Each.
LADIES' HEMSTITCHED AND EMBROIDERED HAND-
KERCHIEFS (all linen.)
!5c, 25c, 50c, 75c, up to $4.00 Each.
LADIES' BATTENBERG AND POINT VENICE LACE TIES
\ AND COLLARS.
$1.00 to $4.00 Each.
LADIES' NOVELTY NECKWEAR, In Chiffon, LlUertn
silk and Mousseline de Sole.
I \ 75c to $7.00 Each.
LADIES' LIBERTY SILK AND CHENILLE RUFFS.
$2.00 to $15.00 Each.
LADIES' REAL DUCHESSE HANDKERCHIEFS AND
COLLARS.
$2.00 to $35.00 Each.
GENTS' HEMSTITCHED SILK REEFERS AND SILK
MUFFLERS, In great Yarletu.
$1.00 to $3.00 Each,
STORE OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS,
COMMENCING SATURDAY, DECEMBER loth.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
ADVEBTISZMENTS.
Dinner Sets
Lovely, Limoges French Chi v
Delicately tinted transhi
cent French China. Golc
handles and clouded gold
edges. Price them and they
are yours. Single pieces sold
as well.
Sets for Six
Sets for Twelve
Sunburst Decoration
Dresden Decoration
Primrose Decoration
Many other Decora-
tions
Our Prices
Just Like Finding Money.
Great American taortins Tea Co.
CITY STORES.
2IO Grant Ave., bet. Post and fiuttcis
861 Market St., opp. Powell.
HO Sixth 6t. ;. 1410 Polk St.
112 Third St. 1819 Devisadero St.
146 Ninth St. , 2OO8 Flllmore St.
3006 Sixteenth 6t. 521 Montgomery At.
2316 Mission St. 3285Mls«ion St.
7O3 LnrUIn St. 2732 24th St.
8C5 Hayes St. ' 476 Halftht St.
52 Market 8t.
OAKLAND STORES;
1053 Washington St 1237 Broadway.
II 85 23rd Ave. 616 E. 12th St. * .
1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA-1355 Park St.
CAN RAPAEL-B St., ntor Ppurthj
GDtDBER G
BQWEN
<^ GO
Sparklets
with syphon $2 to $7 50
A home soda fountain-r-
carbonates any liquid— make
champagne with Vista del
Valle sauternes
Sutter street store open eve-
nings— see -the windows
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tu«sdoy Wednesday
Tea— reg'Iy 6oc.lb 50C
Mandarin Nectar — Phamix chop
and Ancoombra garden Ceylon
Sardines— reg'ly 30c tin 22^C
Arizano — boneless
Maple syrup— fl««n 65c
Pure Vermont— reg'Iy 8oc * gal tin
Rock and rye-reg'iy $1 25 bot $1
Pure rye whiskey and German
rock candy — for colds
Brandy—California bottle 75c
reg'Iy $1 bot— $4 gal gallon $3
You will want it for holiday cooking
Ham— Old Dominion I2^C
Going higher— reg'ly 14c lb
Finnan haddies— 'V«»' 15c
Recipes on the label — reg'ly 20c tin
AsparagUS— Our Choice 2OC
Selected— reg'ly 25c
OllVeS— French stuffed }OC 45C
Olives — anchovies and capers
reg'ly .35c and 50c bottle
Cranberry sauce-reg'iy 20c 1 5c
Cranberries are high— 2 lbtin
MllStard— French 2 bottles 35c
Louit— reg'ly 25c bottle
Raisins— 2j lb carton 40C
Noble Brothers — reg'ly 45c
CoCOa— Van Houten goC
reg'ly $1 lb— i's-J's-i lb
Tooth brushes— -Kent 25c
Best tjuality— reg'ly 35c
Burgundy— -Hoicell Mountain 45c
• reg'Iy 75c gallon .. ,.
Send postal for Christmas catalogue
JS/r? T. Sut " r c 3ooOMfornU S " D Francisco
1075 CUy between Eleventh and .Twelfth Oakland
* A I N LESS
> 815% GEART STREET
¦ Between Hyde and Larkln.
Telephone Polk 1135.
0 1 f*P ' T\ Oil I f Corner Fourth and
1 II LL UllVAl Market. S. F. Try
1 -U r | : rilliUl our Special Brew
Vlll L llU I Mt'4 Stram and lj * 8er '
TURKISH AND PERSIAN
FIXEST COLLECTIOX EVER SEEN
AT GREAT REDUCTION BEFORE
REMOVAL !
PRICES 10 to 20 PER CENT LESS
THAN'ANTWHERE ELSE
OR NO sat.tv
COR. GEARY AND STOCKTON
• 31. B. MIHRAJJ.
The "DANN" RECLINING CHAIR
A Handsome Christmas yKf|§|tftf
Emmy and ComrortabTe. $<2V&^!!1
Price $15. Come and see It. '
W. A. SCHROCK,
IP New Montgomery Street.
DR.MQNULTY.
n'niSWELL-KXOWX AND RF.I.fABT.E OLD
I. .Specialist curt* Blood Poison, Uortnrrb<?».r;ie«>;,
strlctur». Scmtiml \Veaknpr». Impoiencciim) their
alliM Disorders. Hooic on Diseases of Met). f-<»*
Over3)year*>xpprencc.Terni^rp|ijinnabio. Hour*.
9to3(Jal!y;6:rotn3.20ev > g*Sum:a.Ts.l0toliCi.n-.ul-
tatiODfreeandsacredlycoofldentiaL Call or address
P. ROSCOE MfXlLTY, M. D.
2<i l A KearnySt^ Han Francii»<;o. C«L
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
: P. H. MERZBACH. lawyer.
• 103 California, st.. Clunte bullti'.-ir.
COAL, COKE A>D PIQ IRON.
J C WII £ fft wo Battery Street.
J'V/- WILjUil C£ WU-. Telephon* Main 1SS4.
COPPERSMITH.
CW KhI P Plamblngr. Stean-.V>at and
If- 3.1111 11. sbln Worlc a speclaltr. M *a«J
15 tVa»hlnrtcn 8t_ Telephone Main Ml.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS.
Electrical Engineer. St Eaat it.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES&CQ. gKffV^yW 11
OALVANIZINQ AND METALS.
Wfs:. & Dealer In Metals A GalranUta*. JOHN
• FINN WORKS, tit Howard tt
LUBRICATING OILS- t«>»AR» * ELLia
41S Front »t.. 8. F. FhQ" g Malc mx
PAJNTS.
PKINTINO.
E C HUGHES. ill SaD«o^e^. 3. T.
" PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE IIICKS-JUDPgCj^
"Stationer and printer.
TerejcrapMc pARTRIDfiE' *" SS5T 1
ash sum coal.t^^a^
Tvr*\!OVP COAL. MINING CO.. at Its GREE>
niVKll COLLIERIES. U the Best CoaJ la th.
Sirke" O«c« and Tard»-4» Maia itrMU
1 Mr
r""feri| OVERCOAT:
f ?|sS^^^^^^^ 3f P resen t t° your hind
-?8s& j' WtJ^§f0Wjf -^ notice this morning
% Three
winter
I iPl|F| O^rcoats ¦
jf l^ff \wll ™ l ie smcir t GS t shades:
'ft il f\f
v, 1$ ra\l liliVP
& The <M? A Hi n
>)tone dray,
t *f^f 4 Rlriclr-
i^^^M Oxford Gray,
;^ftftlW^S -ind others, lots of others,
in the most fashionable
;"; J^feiv:^l[^5^i^S Garments that haven 9 1
4l^^^E^r-yfelf^f|M X iC7r equat n style and
THE RAGLAN, ]
.^^^M| THE CHESTERFIELD,
flM WT I THE TOPCOAT,
'> rij |i| -^ Overgarments that are
& M& -*- Hi i prime value at $20.00.
I CZX I . 5PEGIAL
IS V '^S- Ilh OU1 Overcoat De-
T'i^Df partment to-day at
WIM Values~and
: + \m0m$g^fr rasliions
j*J\ If If I .inat Louio
'Stop ft I § * I A \ H
i"=il' - J H^' They
E\JlAb\ ft? IT S u » 4dSS3&r
. „- . .
ADVERTISEMENTS.