SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1900.
PRICE FITE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 145.
Mrs. Mary Rogers, Too Old and Feeble to Save Herself, Per
ishes Miserably in Her Room-— Firemen Arrive
Quickly, but Death Is Before Them.
LAMP EXPLODES AND AGED
WOMAN BURNS TO DEATH
Laura Lambert Becomes* the Subject of a Daring Surgical
Operation— Heroism of Her Sweetheart and
• > Her Young Girl Friends.
SURGEONS STRIVING TO
GRAFT HER A NEW SCALP
LAURA LAMBERT HAS BEEX MADE THE SUBJECT OF A DAWXO
SURGICAL OPERATION. AN EFFORT IS BEING MADE TO GRAFT
2SS SQUARE INCHES OF SKIN UPON* HER HEAD.
AGED VICTIM OF A LAMP EXPLOSION AND THE HOUSE AT 10SO HOW
ARD STREET. WHERE SHE MET WITH A TERRIBLE DEATH
FROM BURNS.
The dead woman has a daughter. Mrs.
G. Rugg. who lives at 1153 Market street.
It took but a short time for the chem
ical engine to subdue the blaze, for while
the room In which th« explosion occurred
was practically gutted, the flames did not
extend to the remainder of the building,
and so the house escaped with but little
damage. The owner. Laurence Carney,
estimates his loss at but $100.
I the tragedy was wh«n one of the firemen
I burst Into the room and found the woman
lying unconscious upon the floor. She was
carried out at once, but it was found that
death had mercifully come to her Ions be
fore the firemen arrived. Whether she In
haled the flames an$ met death quickly
or whether she slowly burned to death is
a question, but it is thought that she did
not long survive the fierce attack of the
fire. As soon as the firemen arrived they
forced open the doors and started to sub
due the flames, and it was not until the
fight against the fire was well under way
that the body of the woman was discov
ered. She was lying on the floor of her
room near one of the windows, and was
evidently dead ¦when the firemen found
her. ' '
An ambulance was summoned at once
i and.she^was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, but it was only, on the chance that
there was still life in her body. Her hair
was burned completely off, leaving the
tcalp charred and blackened, and her
arms and legs were shriveled and crisped
until there was little left but the bone?.
Her face was burned almost beyond recog
nition.
times.
Miss Lambert Is now comparatively tree
from pain, but while the skin grafting
process is In progress she can never re
cline. No weight must b« placed upon th»
delicate surface of her bead, and the girl
sits In bed, her bead swathed In bandages.
Only her eyes, cose and mouth are vlst
ble. and. nunllk* in appearance, she waits
for the surgeon's decision.
Thus far skin from different parts of her
own body has be«n used, but she will
need much more than she can 'give. Know
ing this. Dr. Anderson has sought among'
her friends for the sacrifice of their own
akin, and he says that already six of them
have volunteered to submit themselves to
the surgeon's knif* thax their friend may
be helped.
One of the most critical in tie series of
operations which must be performed Is
that In which an effort will be made to
give the unfortunate girl new eyebrows.
And Dr. Anderson says that he will rely
upon Miss Lambert's sweetheart for this
sacrifice, the greatest perhaps of them all.
for the giver must sacrifice his own. In
choosing the volunteers girls of about the
same age and complexion and with the
same colored hair as Miss Lambert will
be selected. This daring surgical effort Is
perhaps without parallel, and It Is hoped
that success will reward it.
It was a daring thought to replace the '
lost scalp with, a new one, but Dr. An
derson determined to try. and the work
has begun. By the slow, tedious, critical
process of skln'gTaftlns the surgeon hopes
to gtve the girl a new scalp and to re-
Store, If possible, much of her beauty, as
she is a very pretty girl.
-In thisjra^lc. *vhich to tins layman If 'not"
to the -. surgeon Is a remarkable one, 283
square inches of skin must be grafted
upon the girl's head. Innumerable pieces
of living skin, in most cases about the
size of a split pea. must be transplanted
and made to grow. That the hair may
grow upon« this surface full thicknesses
of the transplanted skin must be used.
The operation will be a long one and no
mistake may mar Us progress.* It will re
quire fully three months to complete It,
but long before that the surgeon in charge
will know whether or not success will
crown his efforts.
The first step In this painful and tedious
operation was taken yesterday, when a
thin Strip of cuticle, left attached to the
bsck only by a slender thread, was lifted
am? planted on the back of the girl's head.
The connection with the cuticle on the
back was continued. In order that healthy
circulation might be maintained. The pa
tic nt bore up heroically under an opera
tion which will have to be repeated many
She was taken to St. Winifred's Hos
pital and carefully nursed. She was saved
from further suffering, but her lacerated
scalp could not be saved.- It was torn
past all recovery. Then Dr. Winslow An
derson. In whose charge the girl was
placed, determined upon heroic measures.
He decided to give the girl, if possible, a
new scalp. He was determined that from
this new scalp hair should grow. His task
was a serious one, even in these 'days of
surgical wonders. The entire scalp of the
unfortunate girl Is gone. Even her eye
brows disappeared in the terrible moments
while she was being whirled Into insensi
bility. From her eyes to the back of her
neck tho scalp, was clearly lifted.
The girl for whom all this Is being done,
for whom the surgeons, are putting thejr
science to the test and for whom heroic
friends are ready for splendid self-sacri
fice is Miss Laura Lambert, the young
chocolate dipper.^who 'a few days ago In
a local confectioner's shop was~wnlrled by
the hair, of her bead on the belt of a great
wheel "and , dropped bleeding, insensible
and with her scalp torn from her bead.
It was thought that she was dead or that
brain fever would end the torture of her
terrible experience.
craft of surgeons can repair the terri
ble injury which an accident has inflicted
upon her. The physicians are testing their
skill In an effort to give her a new sealp^—
a scalp which will bear hair, not as beau
tiful perhaps as that which "was torn from
her head, but abundant enough to hide
the scars and the lacerations which mark
minuses of torture that she will never for
'get as long as she lives. Her girl friends
have volunteered to jflve parts of their
£ln to the surgeons' knives that she may
be restored. Her sweetheart Is ready to
disfigure himself that her beauty may be
returned, and the wise men with the
knives give hope* that ; the offerings will
not be In vain.
IN the St. Winifred Hospital In this city
Is, a, girl, pretty, patient, waiting in
suffering and hope for the decision
which will tell her whether or not the
Continued on Second Page»
The following telegram was sent yetterdar. m th« best refutation of the story s«nt out from Democratic headquarters to tbt effect
that Bryan would carry California: . - , " , . ., . . > : . f . '. " : V ; ' : ' : V
Many business men in this eiiy having seen reports from.
Chairman Jones of the Democratic National Com
Phelan of this city say the Stated
sire it announced that any part of one hund
offered at odds of two to one that California
vote for McKinley;: Mo^ ; GEO. STONE,
' Chairman Republican State Committee. r
San Francisco^Oet 22,1900. ; v :^ - -; :
CHAIRMAN STONE REFUTES
A SENSATIONAL STATEMENT
PARIS. Oct. 22.— General Andre, former
French Minister of War, has almost con
cluded the drafting of a bill . to refer
court-martials? by the substitution at
least In time of peace, of civil Magistrates
for military Judges.
Tor, Civil Court-Martials.
this meeting • because you are a hoodlum
and nothing else. You represent the dis
orderly class that is naturally against us.
You represent the people who not only
object to prosperity but who don't get any
of It, because -you won't work. (Applause.)
Now, go back to your fellow hoboes and
learn after this (more yelling, and the
man evidently turned to depart) that you
stand against the flag. .You .haven't got
a particle of patriotism in you". I am
glad you are going away. I think you
have learned enough hereafter not to
monkey with the burzsaw. (Long con
tinued applause.) Now, gentlemen, in the
temporary absence of the local police, I
have driven off that disturber of the
meeting^" (Applause.)
At Newburg, as the Governor stepped
forward after being introduced he wa3
presented with a dinner pail filled with
farm products of various kinds. The
Governor said:
"This is what Mr. Bryan calls an as
sorted argument," and noticing that it was
wrapped around with an American flag
he continued: "Now. gentlemen. I want
to call your attention to one fact — they
have presented me with a full dinner pall
and the American flag." (Applause.)
Then he proceeded: "I come here to
appeal to you, no matter what may have
been our political affiliations in the past,
to appeal to you as Americans, as honest
men, as good citizens, to support .Wil
liam McKInley for . re-election to the
Presidency. (Great applause.) I appeal
to the verj-men who are sensitive as to'
the good name cf both state and, nation
to support the United States when , we
stand against Bryanism and that -local
form ' of Bryanism — Crokerism. (Ap
plause.) I appeal to both Republicans
and Democrats, mind you. because the
principles of Mr.. Bryan and Mr. Croker
have nothing in common with Democracy
as Democracy was understood In the days
of Jefferson and Andrew Jackson.. Jeffer
ron laid it down as a rule that the art of
good government wsj ; the art of being
— .. — INTOX. :-W. -Va., Oct. 22.— The
L^J line of the Chesapeake Railroad,
"traversing th« < picturesque val-
: * I leys of the ; Biy "Kanawha and
* New rivers, waa the scene of Mr.
Bryan'* campaign to-dajr.;. Speechee were
made at Huatlngton. Hurricane. St.' Al
ban«, Charleston. ' Brownaton. « Eastbank.
Montgomery. Bewell. • Thurmond .H. and
Hlnton. The elze. of the audiences va
ried, but all of them were large In* propor
tion to the population of the. towns and
of the surrounding country. There were
especially ,flne crowds at Huntlngton.
Charleston and Hinton. people coming
amendments requiring an educational
qualification for voting. I want to sub
mit this question to the Republicans: Do
they approve of what Is being done in the
South, or do they oppose it? If they op
pose It, why do they propose worse thing?
In Porto Rico and In the Philippine
Islands than have been proposed in the
South? Read the qualifications adopted
by your own administration for voting In
Porto Rico and you will find they have an
educational qualification there that de
prives S3 per cent of the black men of
voting age of the right to vote; not only
this, but . they, deprive them of the pro
tection of the constitution of the United
Etates. In the: Philippine Islands they
. are going on tb^ theory that the brown
.people there have no right to_ a . voice in
their government, and when a Republican
tells a. black" man* in this country that he
qught to vote the Republican* ticket, I
Into the towns from the adjacent region
The one notable feature of . the day was
Mr. - Bryan's repeated reference to the
race' question. .' His line of travel .to-6ay
was. further. South, than be had gone be
fore and further .than. he will again go.
and there was quite a number of colored
people^ scattered through the crowds at
all the stopping places. ( Mr. Bryan evi
dently noted their presence and took oc
casion to address portions of his speech
especially to them, appealing to them to
do justice by the Filipinos, as they would
have justice done by themselves. The
first point at which he touched upon this
question . was at St. Albans. - There he
paid:
"When we complain that the -Repub
licans are applying in the Philippine
Islands doctrines that deprive people of
the right to govern themselves, the argu
ment that a Republican makes is that
some of the Southern States have adopted
wan? the black man to ask fr*m n>w ques
tion. It a brown man In tha Philippine*
has no right to a vote, what about tls«
black manr and Z want to aak what
black man can itand en fcU own rlgtxt to
a voic« to thlM Government If h» votes
tha Republican ticket and denies to tt»
people is otfce* Islands a right to a vole*
in this Government. And It ta« R«pub-
Ilcans tell tha colored man that ho Is un
der obligations to the Republican party, let
the colored man reply that he has paid
his debt ox gratitude. K Lincoln were
htre the colored man might vote for htm,
but th» modern leaders or the Republican
party have had more from the colored
man than they have ever given him. The
colored man has bestowed Presidencies
cpon the Republican party and received
Janitorships In rettxra. I want the
colored men before they vote the Repub
lican ticket to know that the policy cf
the Republican party Is to send a few
white men to the Philippine Islands and
hold those white men In authority over
99 per cent of the population, which will
be brown, and this Is to be dene by a
standing army. Instead of using th«
race question as a reason why we should
annex the Philippine Islands. let the race,
question be a warning to us not to brins
Into this country a class of people who
are not to share In the full destiny of our
nation. I want the Filipino to have his
own flag and his own government and to
work out his own destiny, and I want this
nation to stand by him and say to the
world. •Hands off; let this republic liver *
Mr. Bryan reverted to the race question
ta ; his speech at Charleston. There ho
said:
"Forty years ajro the Republicans saM
a black man should not sell for a thou-
honest. How would Tammany Hall feel
if that principle was read and applied to
its . organization? And now Tammany
Hall, which has reduced the government
of New York City to a byword, is grasp-
Ing for the government of . 'New York
State, and I appeal to every Democrat;
I appeal to every Democrat whose loyalty
to Jefferson and Jackson Is a' loyalty of
the heart and not. of words;! appeal to
every Democrat nortlr of the Harlem to
see to it that his party. Is not prostituted
as it has been prostituted south of the
Harlem.". ' ". -~t - -
Tries to Stir Up Dissatisfaction Among the Colored Voters by
Telling Them the Republicans Have Given Them
Janitorships for Presidencies,.
BRYAN TALKS OF THE RIGHTS OF
BROWN MEN AND OF BLACK MEN
afraid to bear the truth. You Interrupt
— - _- INGSTON, X. T-. Oct. 22.—Gover
\j[ nor Roosevelt finished the first
|^^ day of his first flying campaign
"* \ through the Empire State in
Kingston to-night, after -riding
eighty-five miles and making eight
epeeches, the longest being at Newburg
and Kingston. At the fenner place, the
norae of the Republican candidate for
Governor, he talced to a vast assemblage,
having to speak In two places. Specta
tor* interrupted the speaker with Ques
tions, in every Instance receiving a reply.
At West Xyack a man close to the car
cried and reiterated, "Hurrah for Bryan"'
and Mr. Roosevelt replied. "Why don't
you hurrah 'for Altgrld and Agulnaldo?"
The cheering ceased. Another called,
"What about the ice trust?" and he, an
ewered: "This election will be decided by
the patriots ar.d men of sense In the coun
try who outnumber the junker-shouters
of your type. The Ice trust will be at
tended to In a proper and legal way."
A man In the crowd at Newburg said In
a low tone of voice, "Why did you call
Democrat! cowards and dishonest?"
Roosevelt heard him, and flung quickly
this characteristic reply: "It'«.a lie- I
never said such a thing. It is Democrats,
good t^mocrats, who swell our majority."
Toward the end of his remarks at New
burg the Governor was interrupted a
number of tire* by shouts of "What la
the matter with Bryan?" "Down with
trusts!" Governor Roosevelt remarked:
"That gentleman has all the eymptoms of
a Bryanite," which sally was greeted
"with laughter and applause. Then, walk
ing orer to one side of the platform and
rpcaking directly toward the point from
which the ' shouta arose, the Governor
eald: "You look like one of those men
who work exclusively with their mouths.
What do you mean to do with the cotton
tale trust of Mr. Jones, or the ice trust of
Mr. Croker?" (Cries of "What is the mat
ter with Bryan V "He's all right!")
'That is an argument of wind. You are
»
Shouts for the iNebraskan Promptly Met With the Query, "Why
Don't You Hurrah for Altgeld and Aguinaldo?"
One Interrupter Put to Flight.
ROOSEVELT'S REPARTEE CAUSES
CONFUSION TO BOLD BRYANITES
room at the Howard streei «i.idr. .--- dince i
the death of her husband years ago. . Her !
daughter supplied her with menejr and
the necessaries of life. Yesterday after
noon shortly after 4 o'clock she aiterr-pte-i
to light a coal ctl lamp used for ilium- j
temttDS purposes.'
She tried to apply a natch to the wick j
cf the lamp, arid as she did so there was ¦
r loud explosion. In some way gas must j
have beer, generated above the oil in the '
Mrs. Rogers had lived alone, in a small
noon. The tragedy occurred at i
10*» HoTrsrd rtre*t-"~ The "aged -ipcraa.5" wii j
Irlghtiuily burned about the head &r.<i \
arms ard when the firemen reached htr j
5he was fieaA. Her body was taken to j
the Morgue by Deputy Coroners Brown (
and Donahue. An inquest will bo held.
MRS. MARY HOC-ERS. a woman :
73 y*ars of agfe. perished >;i •
flames refultir.g from a coal uli j
lair.p explosion yesterday after- j
The fire was seen from the street by
scme one pas«ir.g. and he gave the alarm
that brought the engines. It was not
known at the time that there was a
woman burning to death In the house,
and the first knowledge any one had of
lamp, and the attempt to light the lamp
limited the gas. It burst the bowl of the
lamp and scattered the oil about the
room and over the unfortunate woman.
The lighted^ raatch, .Ignited the oil as It
fiew and carried the flames to all parts
of the room and to the clothes of Mrs.
Roger?. • In an Instant the whole place
was blazing, and fiercer than all blazed
the light clothing which the woman wore.
She was too old to help herself or to re
sist the fire, and so she sank despairingly
upon the floor while the flames consumed
her. She cried out in her helpless agony,
but there was no one near to hoar her,
and she writhed upon the floor while the
flames did their work.
Peklnr. Henry Klrkland. Company. B.
Ninth Infantry, dysentery. .
Deaths Among the Troops.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.— General Chaf-
fee. at Taku. reports" the following deaths:
September 29. at Mabp. f Hugo C. Kraft,
Company G, Fourteenth United States In
fantry, dysentery;- October 11, at -Peking.
Joseph Lyons, band. r Fourteenth United
States Infantry, dysentery; October 19, at
The I Novoe \ Vremya regards the terri
tory north of the. Peiho River as belong
ing to. Russia, "who- will not -admit the
application of the "open door* to that ter
ritory." ¦ .' ' ' w ' ' / ,'
China."
LONDON*. Oct. 23.— The Times pub
lishes the following from its cor
respondent In St. Petersburg: It
is safe to say that the visit of the
Chinese Minister to Llvldla. where
the Russian court and the principal Min
isters are now staying, and whence the
Russian Government Is directed with
more secrecy than would be possible here,
!s connected with an endeavor to make a
separate arrangement concerning Man
churia.
The Russians will continue to extermi
nate the- Chinese in the most ruthless
manner In order to protect the future of
the railway. A critical study of the offl
t?al re3orts shows that Chinese resistance
has been a mere farce. The Russians have
been only too glad of. the opportunity to
kill every Chinese soldier and to destroy
every vestige of Chinese authority in
Manchuria, and they have taken advan
tage of this farcical resistance with a
vengeance. ..-.., ...
Last year's budgets show an unprece
dented surplus pt 1S5.00O.0O0 roubles of rev
enue over and above the total expendi
tures. Up to the present only 40.00d.000
roubles extra have 'b««n : spent In conse
quence of the troubles in Manchuria and
China proper. ,\ '; '
BERLIN. Oct. 22.— The Berliner Tage
blatt learns that upon the meeting of the
Reichstag an extra credit will be laid be
fore it for the expenses' bf the China ex
pedition. This expedition will be described
in. the "bill ¦ asa.pxinUI^e one; . whieh^ the
Kais«r," as* war lord of the' empire, had the
right to fit but." ./* * " '
The semi-offldal' Berliner Post says that
the powers have . agreed to acquaint LJ
Hung Chang with the demands to be made
upon China.
No news has been received here regard
ing the reported illness of Count von Wal
dersee.
The FrHsslnnlge Volksparte, whose
leader Is Herr Eugen Richter, in conven
tion at Gorlitz to-(3ay adopted a resolu
tion against Emperor. William's . Chinese
policy, particularly condemning the un
due prominence assumed by Germany,
which the resolution declared to be in no
way Justified by Germany's actual inter
ests. The convention also denounced the
recently proclaimed doctrine of world em
pire as "leading to ceaseless interference
everywhere endangering Germany's inter
national position and the maintenance of
peace and calculated to retard her trade
aspirations." '¦ '. '
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 22.— The Vled
omostl thinks the Anglo-German agree
ment is enigmatical, since the mainte
nance of the integrity of China is accept
ed as the fundamental principle by all
power*. It adds:
"The agreement, therefore, alms at the
protection of that which needs no protec
tion. To the auestion as to who will
threaten th« Integrity of China there Is
only one answer— those . who have ar
ranged to crush any one who thinks of
preventing them from taking as booty
those ports in China which they have re
garded as belonging to them! Russia will
in the meanwhile know how to protect
As War Lord of Germany
William Will Seek Extra
Credit in the Reichstag.
EXTERMINATION OF THE
•-TROOPS' IN MANCHURIA
Russia Takes Advan
taga of China's Farci
cal Eesistancei
EAGER TO
SLAUGHTER
SOLDIERS
The San Francisco Call.Papeete the Beautiful." . *.,-.
Those who are fond of: traveling (and who Is
nbt> wtll hail with delight "the news of a direct
steamship route to Tahiti. This charming land
her until -now been accessible only "by clow
eailioe veekels. but on November let tbe popu
lar steamship Australia will sail. direct, mak
lne tbe trip In I0'j days. A reduced round
trip rate has been made, for the first trip. Call
*t UX' Market street for saUlBi- list,"" ' •
Take Laxative Bromo. Quinine TableU. All
druggist! refund -the money if it falls to cure.:
E. W. Grove'* «ignatur» is. on -each bo*. S6o. •.•
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
General Wood Says It Occupies Much
RECOMMENDS RAISING
OF WRECK OF THE MAINE
Space Which Could Be Utilized
to Advantage.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 22,— General Wood.
Governor General of Cuba, saw Secretary
Lonp to-day and recommondod- that steps
be taken to remove the wreck of the bat
tlesh'j) Maine from Havana harbor, as it
occupies a great deal of Kpacr. which could
be utilized to ¦ advantage. » He "said "he
tboucht the wreck would have to be taken
up piecemeal instead of being raised as
& whole.
-Until the middle of the last century
cavalry deployments were by two right
angle turns, and when the diagonal march
was adopted instead of making the diag
onal by a half turn ot each horse the
movement was by the whole troop or unit.
Trusts and Imperialism. ".'
GRAND 1 RAPIDS; Mich?, Oct. 22,-Adlal
J)evotes Half an . Hour to ; Subjects of
sand dollars, but now they will buy brown
men by the joh lot for $2 50 apiece.' They
said a -generation ago that the. Declara
tion of Independence applied to a black
man. Now they say it does not apply to
a brown man. It cost us hundreds of
thouiAinds of lives and hundreds of mil
lions of money to take out of the Declara
tion of Independence the exception clause
that excluded .the black man. Now shall
v.-e wage a war of conquest to write in
the Declaration of Independence another
exception clause excluding the brown
man? Our progress has been upward up
to this time. Let it not be backward
from now on. Do not dare to deny to
any people In foreign lands the rlgnt that
you claim for yourselves, for if you have
a right to your government the Filipino
has a fight to his, arid if you deny him
the right to his own government you will
not long have a right to yours." .
Mr. Bryan also referred to the race
question in .other speeches during tho
day.
At Eastbank Mr. Bryan said: .
"I am glad that behind me I have those
who will be satisfied', with equal rlghu
and who will not ask privileges if I am
elected. I am glad that I have not . be
hind me the trust management, for if i
am elected I do not want them to han«;
about the White House and tell me how
they elected me and therefore claim that
they own me. I have no desire to' he'.p
to get your. hands into other people's
pockets. If 1 can keep other people's
hands out of your pockets I will do all
that you ' want to do for the laboring
man." ¦ •
Mr. Bryan spoke to a congregation com
posed largely of coal miners at the littla
mountain town of : Sewall. He told the
people there that the - Democratic, party
stood for the arbitration of labor dis
putes and for a representative of labor
In the Ca.binet of the President. When
some one in the crowd asked him what
he would do for the old soldier if elected
he replied that he would appoint a com
missioner of pensions who would be more
satisfactory to the soldiers than the pres
ent one. After the train started to move
in leaving Sewall a man in the outskirts
of the crowd, apparently very much, in
earnest, demanded to know about Mr.
Bryan's attitude toward the ratification
of the Paris treaty. Mr. Bryan had the
train stopped and made a full explanation
of his action and position in that mat
ter. ' When this explanation was conclud
ed the same man asked " about the ex
penditude of $20,000,000 in procuring those
islands. 'To this inquiry Mr. Bryan re
"If you had read an article that I wrote
about a month before the treaty was
signed you would have seen that we could
have got it back from -the Philippines
In return for Independence; but If you
did not. I would rather consider It. a con-,
trlbutlon to liberty than as part payment
on men and their-lands."
When Mr. Bryan concluded his reply his
Interrogator, pushing his way through the
crowd nnd coming up to the Presidential
candidate, said: "I thought I had a right
as an American citizen. to ask that ques
tion." .!' . ¦' ¦
Mr. Bryan said in response: "You cer
tainly did have, and I am glad you asked
it." > ' • • \
The questioner joined In the cheers
which went up for Mr. Bryan.
The meeting at Thurmond was held In
a gorge in ¦ the mountain and -the stand
from which Mr. Bryan spoke was perched:
upon a steep cliff on one side of the can
yon.
His audience at Thurmond was com
posed largely of coal miners, and he
warn«Mj them against allowing themselves
to be Intimidated or their votes purchased.
• The meeting at Hlnton was the last of
the day, and when it concluded Mr. Bryan
left for Washington . en route for Mary
land, .to which State- he will devote .to
morrow. Mr. Bryan -. made a < general
speech at Hlnton. .When some one asked
him about the necessity for^a large .army
in this country he said that if the Demo,
cratlc plans for the. settlement of disputes
by arbitration.- for doing; away with : the
black list and for. the abolishment of gov
ernment by injunction could 'be put into
execution there would be no necessity for
a large army. •¦,'. •. . '. ' .. :'
The crowd,at Hinton.was not only large,
but- was noisily - demonstrative. ,. There
were a number, of shouts for McKinley at
the beginning of the meeting." ' '¦-¦'
STEVENSON i SPEAKS IN ; RAIN.
Salisbury' Goes to Balmoral.
LONDON, Oct. 22.-Lord Salisbury ¦' has
gone to Balmoral tb submit to Queen Vic
toria a ; few, changes : In; the Cabinet.
; BERLIN,; Oct. 22.— The birthday, of Em
press I Augusta- Victoria.- w.ho .was ;.. born
October ; 22,; 1858, was, generally ¦ observed
to-day throughout .Germany. ¦ The Kaiser
presented to her; an excellent oil portrait
of her deceased mother. . v ." /.
Empress Augusta's Birthday.
ST. JOHNS,* N.F., Oct. 22.— The latest
fishing craft to : return' fronv Northern
Labrador reports that nothing haa been
seen of the Peary relief steamer • Wind
ward. »¦ The winter season' has already be
gun to set In near Hudson^Bay." .-.:-
Windward Not Sighted:
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. f 22.-A dispatch
received from ¦ Vladivostok says cholera
is | increasing > to : such ' an extent in Japan
that steamers thence have been; quaran
tined. > The : dispatch adds there have been
a number of deaths on board of steamers
coming from -Nagasaki.
Cholera? in ; Japan.
'NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— Francis, H.: Roe,
former Assistant Paymaster in the British
navy, was taken from the Ludlow-street
Jail to-tlay* by .United States Marshals,
who' put him aboard the British' cruiser
Psyche, which sailed for the West Indies.
Roe is accused of having embezzled funds
belonging to the British Government. - -
Roe Taken Aboard 'Ship.
BUI Authorizing .the Transfer Will
' -Reach the, Riksdag in a Few
' ' Days," *
BERLIN. Oct. : \ : 22.-Rellable* advices
from -Copenhagen assert that the sale of
the Danish Antilles to the United States
will soon be effected. Next Thursday
the Danish Minister to the United States,
Mr. Mark Brun, will i start for Washing
ton/; bearing the -full details 'of the sale.
.The ' bill authorizing the alienation at
the price fixed by. the present Cabinet,
$7,000,000, will reach'the Riksdag in a' few
days. •:.:.-.; ' -~y ¦"••
DANISH ANTILLES f
f -:Z--., t . MAY V SOON BE SOLD
- DALLAS, Tex,,, Oct. '22.— In the tornado
in Cass County yesterday nine lives were
lost and two persons badly crippled. The
loss of life was confined to the vicinity
of Lodi City. .Marshal Walker of At
lanta, the county seat of Cass County,
feaid to-night over the long-distance tel
ephone that the names of the victims had
not been learned. Seven wera killed on
one place near Lodi City and two others
were, carried away in the, storm. The
property loss is. very. heavy.
About, the City of" Lodi,
Cass County.
Chief Bainage -Was" Done in v and
NINE LIVES LOST IN
THE TEXAS TORNADO
Mrl- Stevenson went to Muskegon for an
evening's meeting- and returned, to take
the midnight train for Petoskey. He will
spend three days in Michigan.
E. : Stevenson arrived here from Chicago
at 1:30 p. m. and an hour later addressed
an open-air meeting in Campau Square;
A drizzling rain commenced to fall a few
minutes- before he appeared on the plat
form, which soon drove to shelter all ex
cept a few hundred people who were
within immediate hearing of his voice.
These. hoisted umbrellas and came closer
to the speaker, who, af ter~" seeking the
protection of his -hat, stood his ground
against the elements and talked for half
an hour upon the issues of trusts and im
perialism. ?A noticeable feature of his
handling of the latter topic was the em
phasis which he placed- upon the Boer
question. Owing to the great number of
Holland-American voters in this section
of the State this subject is forced to the
front by all Democratic orators who visit
the Fifth Congressional District. Mr. Ste
venson took the ground that President
McKinley • could not have exceeded the
bpunds of international diplomacy In in
tervening in behalf of the Boers , any
more than Cleveland did. in the stand he
took In behalf of Venezuela and ex
pressed .the opinion that the effect- on
England would have been the same and
that there would have been no South Af
rican war. His audience was plainly in
sympathy with him and applauded his re
marks upon this subject liberally.
Upon the platform -with Mr. Stevenson
appeared ex-State Senator Doran and
other prominent local Gold Democrats of
1S9S. , . . .
WASHINGTON. Oct. . 22.— The postofflce
at Table Bluff, -Hunvboldt County, • has
been re-established ' and James ' Dillon- ap
pointed Postmaster. Charles « E. Black
well has been : coinmladloned ' as Postmas
ter at Conconullv - Wash. ;^bps^^3p»?gj
Postofflce Appointments.
MILWAUKEE; Oct." 22.— Judge Walbur,
of the Milwaukee County /Court; to-day
refused to ' appoint \ a i guardian in 'this
county of Seth Abbott, father of the late
Emma Abbott, who is residing at a sani
tarium west of this city and who receives
a large annuity.. '¦ ¦•.;-„ • '
'¦'¦ The court declared that he had no Juris
diction in the ¦ matter, , because Abbott
owned no property in the county. The old
gentleman, with the consent of Miss Bar
. telone of ' Chicago, who .was appointed
guardian- in Illinois, .was taken back to
the sanitarium. • ¦¦"¦¦- . • -'- ¦ v ,
Judge Walbur of : Milwaukee - County
Court Is Obliged to Deny the
, Application.
CANNOT APPOINT Av
. GUARDIAN FOR ABBOTT
SPRINGFIELD. Ohio, Oct. 22.—Four
teen ( non-union moldcrs ¦ from Erie, Pa.,
arrived here to-night | from , Cleveland to
take the places of striking molders at the
Bettendorf Metal Wheel Company's shop.
They were met at. the train by. 150 mem
bers of the local union and. compelled to
remain -pn ihe train and, go to- Dayton.
Four men, including one claiming , to bo
Detective Reed- of Cleveland. -managed to
get off and a small riot resulted, but few
blows were struck. Reed was arrested for
carrying concealed weapons. The other*
went to police headquarters for protec
tion.'-.. " " ¦ ¦>>:;¦; ¦: " ¦"-..• , ¦¦•?':-':'•. .
But Four Manage to Alight at Spring
field, Ohio, and Thesa Cause a
. Small Riot. :'.\\\\V : '
NON-UNION MEN ARE
KEPT ABOARD A TRAIN
- As the tribe which is .believed- to have
captured him and his party is said to
treat prisoners well strong hopes are en
tertained for the ultimate recovery of the
missing man. - - ...
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22.— Information
coming directly to the War Department
from the Philippines indicates that Lieu
tenant Richard H. * Brewer, Twenty-sev
enth Infantry, who was captured last July
on the road between Novaliches and Ma
nila by Filipino insurgents, has probably
been carried a prisoner into the moun
tain -fastnesses of Northern Luzon and
not killed outright, as was at first feared.
Said That He Was Captured by a
Tribe Which Treats Prisoners
" -Well. %&M£$£
LIEUTENANT BREWER t
MAY STELL BE ALIVE'
FLORA, Ind., Oct. 22.— The mob that a
few weeks ago dynamited two tollhouses
and burned a bridge on the Logansport
and Burlington toll pike completed its
work at an early hour this .morning by
burning the tollhouses at Deer Creek. •
The farmers living along the road were
indignant because tho company refused
to repair the road and still collected toll.
The Commissioners of Carroll County
have offered to buy . the road and settle
the trouble, but the company refuses to
accept the price. $212 a mile, as fixed by
the appraisers. There are only nine' miles
of the road In this county.
Exact Fees.
Repair and Continued to
Company Eefused to Keep Boad'in
TOLLHOUSE BUBNED .
BY : AN ANGRY, MOB
FIFTY KILLED BY
BOILER EXPLOSION
LONDON. Oct. 23.— According -to
the St. Petersburg correspondent
of the Dally Express fifty persons
were killed and many others ter
ribly scalded by a boiler explosion
on board the steamer Eugena, run
ning between Tomsk and Barnaul.
Rowland Quarter M. McConnell
Fautz. , Fullback Percy
Whipple. Kaedlns
'and Lyon Right half Kern
Sherman and
BERKELEY, Oct. 22.— By a score of 17-0
the freshman eleven defeated the Lick
School football team this afternoon on the
university campus. The college men
played superior -ball to .their, opponents.
They showed better team work in to
day's game than in^ any of . their former
contests.,. - •
Touchdown9 were made by Sherman,
Fautz and McCormick. Stow kicked two
goals, but failed In the third. The line-up
of the two teams was as follows: .
Freshmen. Positions. Lick.
Duff, Phillips..... Center Titt
Stow... RlBljt guard. ..-. Kerr
Hendrickr..... Left (ruard.. :....Wltte
Ramsaur . . . ; Right . tackle Hettmuller
McLaren and
Kraft............... Left tackle McConnell
Williams..... Right end... ......Schllef
Korbel....;......:..I«eft end Mois
Skinner and ¦ - ¦. •
Contests and : Score Big.
FRESHMEN DEFEAT LICK TEAM.
Play-. Better Ball Than in Former
carraga. ••' ; 3 " ; .V- v<; /* •
Minister of Foreign Affairs— Marquis
Agullan Campo. i ; ':. ¦¦':-¦: --.-. . ."'
Minister of War— General Linares. ,i
Minister of Finance—^cnor Aller de
Sallejar. -'; ;/..
Minister of the Interior— Senor" Ugarte.
Minister of Justice— Marquis Vadtllo.
Minister of Public Instruction-^enor
Garcia AUx.
Minister of Agriculture and. .Public
¦Works— Senor Sanchez Toca. . : .-
The post of Minister of Marine has not
yet been filled.
General Azcarraga presented the list
to the Queen Regent this evening and the
Ministers will take the oath to-morrow.
The Under Secretary of the interior, tfcp
Prefect of . Madrid and the Mayor Vf
Madrid, as well as several prefects Of de
partments, have resigned. * " * -
MADRID, Oct. 22. -
Azcarraga • has succeeded . in
forming | a Cabinet, with the
following distribution of port
folios: -— '' .
President of the Council— General .Az-
/The present crisis Is the outcome of a
confticUbetween the civil and military ele
ments, s Since their . return from Cuba,
Generals'-.': WeyUr .and Linares have
gathered around them a group in defense
of the, interests of "the. army and In spite
of the budget's economies, which -have
been universally- demanded, they- aini to
reconstruct' theTarmy. arid navy. The'nrst
step In-that- 1 direction of this plan "was; to
proclaim the. v 4ndependenee of the Minister
of War among the members of the Cab
inet, rfincl General. Linares appointed Gen
eral Weyler to be Captain j General . of
Madrid as part of this policy.-
Weyler, who recently adhered to the" Lib
eral party, which, he hoped, eventually
would enable him to get the portfolio of
war, announced that he accepted the poet
as a military man and not as' a politician.
Nevertheless it is thought : his present
action will cause him to be abandoned by
the Liberals. Meanwhile General Weyler
retains his post, saying he, was nominated
by the Government of the Queen Regent,
and apparently he believed no; one dares
remove him.''
GENERAL AZCARRXGA; THE SOLDIER POLITICIAN- OF SPAIN, 'WHO.
HAS FORMED A NEW^CABINET. HE IS NOTED FOR ENMITY TO
CAMPOS AND FRIENDSHIP FOR WEYLER. :' !
WILKESBARRE, Pa.. Oct. 22.—Discon
tent among the striking miners cf the
Wyoming Valley is growing, and unicss |
the s-'trike is settled soon the miners will j
be hard to control. A majority of th«
men ere willing and anxious to go to |
work.
¦ The discontent of the Ftrikers was j
thown at the work? of the Lehfgh and !
\Yilkesbarre Coal Company, in tbe east- j
ern part of the city, this morning. A gang .
uf men were going to work to screen coal i
on the bank of the Empire mine, when j
they were sot upon by a mob of men,
women and boys. John J. O'Hara, fore
man of the gang, was knocked down with
a stone and his nose fractured. Several
other workmen were slightly injured. ;
During the melee several shots were
fired. One bullet grazed the ear of a coal
and iron policeman. The mob destroyed
all the tools of the workmen. The trouble
took place within the city limits and a de
taehmtiH of police was sent. to the scene.
When the officers arrived they found a
large crowd of women and boys, but very
few.im-n. ¦ Th« local officers of the United
Mint Workers s«y none of their men en
g'asetl In the fight! i
The police found" an efflgy of O'Hara j
hanging to a telegraph pole. .
Owing to the trouble there was no work
on the coal bank or at the Stanton wash
cry, operated by the same' company, to
<iay. The rornpany. used ..the coal screened ;
on the bank for their boilers, and hereto-'
fore the men have not objected to the
men fathering- it for that purpose, as It
was necessary to procure fuel in order
that the pumps which keep the mines free
of water micnt work.
Jt is .^aid Foreman O'Hara made himself y
Qbjecticnable to the wives of some of the'
strikers by boastinsr that he would work
despite ali opposition. This angered the'
women and <n several occasions ¦- they
pelted him with stones. J
;3"his evening there was another riot at"
tin? Stanion washeries of the Lehigh -and
Wilkesbmre Coal Company. When the
workmen started to go to their homes
under the protection of the coal ami iron
police fully 5f»00 people had gatherer. A
telephone message was sent to police
headquarters in this city for help, and
Chief of Police Kline and a number of
officers responded.
The men who had been at work were put
aboard a small mine locomotive, but be
fore the locomotive could pet under head
way some one fired. The police returned
the fire, but no one was struck. Another
volley from the windows of some houses
followed. Every pane of /Plans In the cab
of the locomotive was broken, but .no one
was wounded. Two of the workmen on
the locomotive Jumped off and were
knocked down and kicked, but were res
cued by the police.
The names of the injured men are Brad
ley Hoffman and John Dellsky. Hoffman
was so badly Injured that he had to be
taken to a hospital. As the officers were
returning to headquarters the electric car
on which they rode was stoned. I All the
windows on one side of the car were
broken and Police Sergeant Hall and two
other passengers were slightly Injured.
Mayor Nichols- soon reached the scene
and warned the mob that they were doing
the cause of labor more Injury than pood
He said the law would be upheld and that
he was there to help uphold it. The May
or's cpeech had a good effect and the mob
slowly dispersed.
STRIKERS DISCONTENTED.
Mob Assails a Gang of Workmen
Employed at the Empire Mine.
"Th*> prospect of an early prttlemont of
the coal strike focms brighter. Some of
the operators have not yet posted notices
ejgnifying their will'inpnes« to fall in line
either with the Reading Company or with
the proposition made by tne Lrf-high Val
ley Company In th#» Hazl^tcn restofn. If
all of them notify their trnpforcf -bv. post
ing notices or otherwise tfcat ar. actual
advance of 10 pi>r cent will he paid each
mine employe and guarantee Its .contin
uance until April 1. together with the ab
olition of the sliding 1 scale. 1 believe that
the terms would be accepted by ihe mine
worker?. The rrductlrn in powder fror.i
52 To to $1 jO has confur^ed tho minds of
the miners. !>ut some of the operators
have sr 1 fully explained how contract min
ers could receive the full advance cf 10
pt-r cent as w<»il-n* -uH other einployea
that I believe this obstacle can be over
come."
Although, as President Mitchell says,
the outlook for. an c-&rl>' settlcmer:^ of the
strike is bright. If is idifneult to make a
prediction as to when the end will come.
F — i <-.f the coal coxnpanlea are showing
r. cisspoFjtion not to issue a second notice
guaranteeing the .payment of the 10 per
cent increase in wagis until April. AmonK
those are the Delaware. Lackawjnr.a and
Western and the Delaware and Hudson,
the officials ut which companies afe re.
ported to have declined to issue a supple-
QSCOta] notice. Th* labor leaders*, how
ever, hope that the companies will in
s-ime way make * known that they will
suarantt-e the payment of the advance
until April l. President Mitchell appeared
quite cheerful tn-nipht whrn he made the
loregdinjf announcement, and his manner
indicated that the time i5 near ot hand
whfn al! the anthracite miners now on
etrike will return to" the mines. As sr>on
as all the notices puaranteeing the pay
ment of the advance until April 1 are
poptt-d. President Mitchell will call a
met-tinjr of the national executive board,
at which it Is believed the strike will be
declared oft.
. Tbe larsrest labor demonstration ever
held in this city took place to-day, when
nearly 7000 minor? paraded the Etreets. In
a carriage at their head rode President
Mitchell, who received an enthusiastic
ovation all along the march. Thousands
of miners, accompanied by their families,
came to the city from every mining town
in the region. There wore 150 men in line
T.'ho had tramped eighteen miles over the
mountains from the Panther Creek VaJ
ley. ¦ They, vrith the McAdoo miners, who
are famed throughout the coal fields for
their pfTt^veranee in marching and clos
ing collieries, were the heroes of the pa
rade. Three busloads of the marching
women of McAdoo and 100 small breaker
boys, dressed in their working clothes and
with lighted lamps In their caps, were at
the head of the line, immediately behind
the carriages containing the United Mine
Workers' officials. Many mottoes efcpfess
lr.gr the sentiments of the strikers were
oarrted In the procession. President
Mitchell reviewed the parade at the end of
the route, after which a mass-meeting
was heM. at which President Mitchell
was the principal speaker.
miners' strike would af soon as" tho
operators presented a notice guaranteeing
the payment of a 10 per cent advance in
wages until April 1. President Mitchell
"Working- Clothes March Thrcugh
the Streets of Hazleton and
Are Heartily Applauded. .
HAZLETON. Pa.. Oct.
Mitchell In an interview to-niglif practi
cally admitt**d that the anthracite coal
? •
Thousands of JSiners Dressed In
Says Men Will" Be Satisfied
With Guarantee ol Ad- . :
vance Until April.
MITCHELL HOPES
FOR EARL Y END
OF THE STRIKE
Hobson .arrived 'in Atlanta,to-day with
General Wheeler ' ; from- > Montgomery.
Speaking .of Sampson" , he said rather
guardedly: . * -. '•.-•! 7 %
' ''When I spent jthe day with Admiral
Sampson I was struck with the great sad
ness that has . come into this fine oM
man's ; life. . You know,; SampsOn i Is one
of those admirable types you rarely meet.
He" is almost a counterpart :'of tvhat ono
would imagine General Robert\fi. Lee
was.* I 1 was so much impressed by his
suffering, because of public criticism,
that I could not refrain trom mentioning
it when I returned to ray home and made
a speech. to a '-.'few of my friends there-
He is simply bowed dowa with sorrow at
the' adverse criticism <• his- countrymen
heaped upon him." -: ."
. Hobson waa entertained to-day lavish
ly. He breakfasted with Governor Candler
and received "the highest social atten
tions the city could - bestow. When he
rode through the streets he was. cheered
wildly. His reception was more enthu
siastic than that accorded- General
Wheeler.. It was not less demonstrative
than that given him on his return from
Santiago. •-'•'• ¦ .' •'
AT^ANTAc lQa.,_ Oct. ..?2.— Lieutenant
Richmond Pearson Hobson in an inter
view to-day said Admiral 'Sampson's
heart* was. breaking because . public criti
cism continued f iq bear down upon him.
Hobson spent-'the day with 'Sampson ami
his 'family;.injBastori.''8unday,'. October 14.
He -noticed tne sadness in tho 'admiral's
countenance and' mentioned.it in-a speech
he made at < Selrna; {Ala., : .Saturday night
bef ere. the. Confederate 1 Veterans.; • .
Special Disrnteh to The CalL i
; tertained - by. : the" . People * of ; At
lanta and Cheered in
v v the Streets.
Naval - Constructor Is * Lavishly En-
Criticism Heaped Upon Him
Proves Almost Un
7 /bearable. ; - ;" ..
HOBSON SAYS
SAMPSON'S HEART
IS BREAKING
A plebe'slirst night on guard is gener
ally an unpleasant experience for him:
for. besides the official visit ot the various
officers and non-commissioned officers
charged with his instruction; to see that
h»» understands all the flnepointa-of his
duty as a sentinel, he is sure to be vis
ited by. a legion of spooks, hobgoblins and
various other unauthorized Individuals.
An incident of this kind 13 related where
a yearling wrapped In a sheet appeared on j
the post of a plebe sentinel at night. I
"Halt." shouted the plebe,". "Who i3
•there?" ' • -
"Moses and the Ten Commandments,
came the response.
The poor plebe thought there was some
thing Irregular, but he remembered his
Instructions about never allowing more
than one to adVa'nce at a time at night,
so he promptly shouted:
"Advance, one commandment, to t>©
recognized!". . - ' - ...--». _
An amusing anecdote is related of Gen- i
eral Sherman, who, as commanding gen- ;
eral of the army, visited West Point one i
Jun» for the" graduation exercises. He ac- ;
companied the commandant on his Sun- ;
day morning tour of inspection of bar
racks, and on entering a certain room he
walked over to the mantelpiece. Stooping
down he pried up a-brick from th© middle
of the hearth with his sword scabbard
and revealed a hollow space about a foot
square, In which was nicely packed a con
siderable quantity of tobacco and other
contraband articles. Meanwhile the ca
dets occupying the room stood mutely
watching and wondering what sort of man
the general was to have been able to dis
cover the only "cellar" of its kind in bar
racks. Turning to the commandant, the
general remarked: •
"I have been wondering if that hole was
still there. I made it when I was a cadet
and lived-in this room.". '-¦ ¦ • '
One, of the most.. interesting: ot- West
Point's- traditions is that relating' to the
billiard table.- Shortlyafter the Civil war
the cadets, always on the alert for some
new' scheme for amusement, decided that
they would like to have a billiard table,
and accordingly organized a billard club.
The authorities soon became aware that
there was a billiard table somewhere in
the barracks,' for they could hear the balls
clicking together, but'they could not find
It. The' cadets continued to enjoy the
privileges of the billiard club for more
than a year. Finally one night soon after
midnight, as two officers were returning
from a convivial evening at mess, they
saw two cadets, clad in their undercloth
ing and dressing gowns, emerge from the
north sallyport and disappear down the
steps to the area way in front of the bar
racks. Instantly the thought of the bil
liard table flashed through the minds of
the two officers, arid they started quietly
after the cadets. On reaching the base
ment doorway of the sixth division the
two cadets entered, and the officers,'arriv
ing a moment later, saw them climb over
a pile of coal and enter an* open door,
through which came sounds of' laughter
and conversation and the clicking of balls,
while the air was laden with fragrant
tobacco smoke. '
The officers paused for a moment and
held- a whispered consultation. Finally,
deciding that they would tell the other
officers of their discovery and have all of
them come down the following night and
enjoy the fun of a raid on the club, they
withdrew and went home. ' Next day all
the officers at the post were Informed of
the discovery, and it was arranged that
the raid should occur at midnight. All
micht have gone well, and the officers
might have had their .little fun,, had it
not been that there were three cadets the
previous night instead of two. The third
had forgotten his pipe and had gone back
for it, while the other two went on and
were discovered by the officers. The third,
coming along a moment later, saw the
officers and quietly followed them, ob
serving all their movements and listening
to their whispered conversation. When
they withdrew he went in- and told .the
members of the club all he had heard and
eeen. The cadets at once realized that It
was all up with the club, but they jde
termined to have a laugh at the expense
of the officers. Accordingly, all arrange
ments were 1 made before ; the j club ad
journed that night.
The next night the officers met as ar
ranged and crept stealthily down the
areaway and Into the sixth division. Hear
ing no sound of clicking- balls,- some be
came skeptical and concluded the whole
thing was a hoax, but nevertheless they
pushed on and climbed over the pile of
coal. Opening the door, -they were greet
ed with a glow of light, but still no sound.
On entering they found the room deserted,
but there was the billiard table, an al
most untouched keg of beer,- several
pounds of tobacco, some chairs and lastly
a note on the table, addressed, to thoof
flcers on duty at West , Point. The note
was to the effect. that as the officers of
the post had been so kind as to permit the
club to continue Its existence . for more
than a year. It desired to present to them
(the officers) the table and all 'its appur
tenances, as it was deemed expedient to
wind up the club's affairs. The note was
signed; "The Executive Committee."
-The officers, of course, were much
chagrined at being thus outwitted by the
cadets. Nevertheless, the table. was re
moved to the officers' mess and; accord
ing to tradition, is the one still in use
there.— New York Tribune. .
It has been the . custom- In the corps
from time immemorial to "devil" plebea
during their first encampment. A great
many of the practices indulged in are per
fectly innocent, and so long, as the upper |
class . men confine themselves to them
there is little or no opposition from the.
authorities.
There is probably.no place in the United
Slates where traditions and precedents
have .so ..much weight as they have at
West Point. These traditions are care
fully -preserved and handed - down from
one class to another, and it Is of the
larest occurrence for a cadet to do any
thing that is contrary to them. If he
does violate an Important one the cadet
in question ip muue to feel the displeas
ure of the corps In an unmistakable man
ner. , • .
Such a tradition is that a "plebe," as
members ot the fourth class ure calleo,
is nerer regarded on ¦ an equal footing
with an upper class man until- he has
completed iha llrst year at. tne acaaemy.
lie is invuriuoly adaresseu as Air. 3o-anu-
S>6, or ju^t plain mister, anu must aiways
auort'ss upper class men in' the same for
nial manner, ana, in auuition, ne -must
be proiiiic in hu use of tne worrt. "sir,"
aiii.\ing It ty the enu or every sentence.
If a piebe is asked by an upper claas
man what his name is ho must reply "Air.
Hrown, sir," or wnatever his name may
be, anu It he falls to do so he la certain
to be told to "put a- "sir" on that, mister,"
In a way. that wlU usually cause him to
remember it: Of course, a, plebe soon
learns this, and there Is no longer any
trouble with him on that'score. - •'
but Finally Aban- ,
dbned.
How a Billiard-Boom Was Estab
lished in a Coal Cellar,
What the Plebe Is Corn
palled to Undergo the
First Year.
JOY AND SORROW
OF THE CADETS
AT WEST POINT
. PARIS. Oct. -22.— A .gas "explosion-oc
curred in the exposition grpunds to-day
in the section allotted < to gas engines on
the Champs de Mars. A pipe under the
flooring exploded, the flying; splinters of
wood Injuring five persons, one of them
soriotiFly. .- .-.• - ' ¦ ' vsJaflSffiSKJIHI
Five Injured!
WASHINGTON. Oct.' 22.— The Supreme
Court Handed down a decision to-day in
the case of the Oregon Railway and Navi
gation Comnany,vs. Robert Balfour et al.
The appeal was dismissed on the ground
that a decision of the' Court of Appeals in
admiralty cases was final.
Appeal Dismissed.
WASHINGTON. 7 Oct. 22.— The cruiser
New York 'has been" detadied from the
North Atlantic squadron and ordered out
of commission. Rear. Admiral Farquhar
will shift his flfte to the new battleship
KearBarge. Orders also .have .been Issued
for the Massachusetts to join the squad
ron. : , r '-.'.
New York ,Out 'of Commission.
Many Students 111.
CONSTANTINOPLE." Oct. j 22— A.' curt
ous request to the Porte has. beeen' made
by the Turkish Consul at New York— that
he.be permitted to undertake newspaper
work." He explains that his'remunera
tion Is insufficient and it must either be
increased or he. must be, allowed to add
to his income through Journalism."
¦¦''•'¦¦
HAMILTON. Ohio, Oct. 22.— Forty of
the 100 students of Miami University, at
Oxford, are 111 of typhoid fever. The "trus
tees to-day converted one of the. dormi
tories into a:> hospital < and < have provided
trained nurses to. attend the sick. The
epidemic- 1* believed- to have been caused
by a contaminated well. • .-, .
Consul's Salary InBtrffldent.
DENVER, Oct. 22.— A special to the Re
publican from Grand- Junction, Colo.,
pays : The three men who held up the
Cisco (Utan') agent . of the Rio " Gfando
Western ¦ Railway last Thursday night
were captured about thirty miles north
west of this city by Sheriff Charles S.
Wallis and T. A. Ketchum. detective of
the road. They were brought to the city
and are now in the; County Jail. •
They gave their nann>s as Jack and
Wrenn Hatch and Dave T. Oliver. The
men will be taken to Cisco to-morrow by
officers. '" "- '
Killed in a Wreck.
LA CROSSE, Wis., Oct. 22.— News
reached this city-to-oXv that Bert Emer
son, one of the twoLa Crosse boys'who
left their homes without the consent or
kno-wledg* jot their! parents, .had .been
killed in a «wreck at Pocatelio; Idaho, and
his companion. Arthur Lienlocken, was
probably fatally injured: "He. together
with thje i engineer and fireman,, liea In a
hospital near that place at the point of
death. The wreck. It appears, was & head
end ( collir(on between a passenger and a
freight train, and the boys were riding the
blind baggage when -the erydnes- struck.
Emerson was 21 and Lienlocken 20 years
of, age. i y,. -'¦'.'• - , . . - - -
Jack and Wrenn Hatch and Dave
' Oliver Arrested Near Grand
Junction, Colo.
MEN WHO HELD UP
RAILWAY AGENT ARRESTED
FRANKFORT, Oct. 22.^-Ttie Kentucky
Legislature scnt'the non-partisan election
law paised by it on Saturday, to succeed
the Goebel law, to the Governor to-day,
and adjourned sine die. ...
The Democrats and Republicans could
rot agree on a State Election Commission
er to fill a vacancy on the board, and ad
journed without electing anybody. Both
housfs adopted resolutions Saturday al
lowing the Republicans to name the Com
missioner, nnd they elected Judge Cochran
of Maysville. The Democrats refused to
vote for Judge- Cochran because of his
Identification with- ex-Governor 'Taylor,
and also because of personal unfriendli
ness betw<?en him and Chairman Hoyntz
of the election commission, but offered to
vote fcr any other Republican. The Re
publicans declined to name anybody else.
Commissioner.
to Agree on a State Election
Democrats and Republicans Unable
ADJOURNMENT OF THE
KENTUCKY LEGISLATURE
CHICAGO, Oct. 22.^F. Wayland Brown.
Frank H. Smiley and Dr. August LTnger,
charged with conspiracy to defraud in
surance companies through the death of
Marie Defenbach, were Indicted by the
Grand Jury to-day.
Three true bills were voted against each
of the accused persons. One bill against
each charges conspiracy to defraud the
New York Life Insurance Company ot
$5000. another conspiracy to defraud the
Supreme Lodge of the Knights and La
oies'.of iloaor of $20W. and the. third con
spiracy to defraud the Supreme Court of
the Independent, .Ord.er. of Foresters of
$5000. Probably no murder indictments
will be voted, as it la stated by members
of the Jury that the investigation Is closed
unless more potent evidence develops
pointing to the death of Miss Defenbach.
surance Company and Two Fra
*ternal Organizations.
Accused of Conspiring to Defraud In-
BROWN, SMILEY AND UNGER.
INDICTED BY GHAND JURY
BRITISH MAWUFACTUBEBS
UlfDEP.BID BY AMERICANS
Competition for- Construction of
• Tnjcjts snd Engines for Uso at
African Mines.
CAl»E TOWN', Oct. 22.— The W'ltwatera
land {.-old mines, requiring rolling stock
for.ccftl.pli'ced an. order for fifteen heavy
locoreotivos with Hritish manufacturers
last August, lenders for more than 400
trucks were received from the larg'est
American and British factories, the Amer
ican tender being far more favorable in
point ot price und quickness of delivery.
The mining industry, being most anxious
to favor the. Brit. s!i. called for fresh ten
ders from UritiF.1 manufacturer*, giving
them a further opportunity, even at the
expense of valuable time.
'Hie -American tenders are still much
the more ndvantaRcous. Nevertheless, the
<.r<1ers • for >evt'i-.ty-three flat bottom
trucks are being placed in England; owing
to suitability of design f»r.d to strong ad
vice of the military railway authorities,
who have promised to lend their own
trucks in order to counterbalance the late
British delivery. ¦ .:/
One hundred and sixty bottom discharge
trucks have been placed in America. The
British firms In South Africa* are all
anxious to favor British 'trade, -but the
manufacturers must be more energetic
and realize the necessity of cheaper and
quicker work, time being often of. para
mount- importance. .
FORT WORTH. Tex., Oct. 22.- •
Robert Nea!. president of the Wag- •
soner National Bank of Vernon, -
has been succeeded In that position -
by Thomas Waggoner. Neal Is not -
at Vernon now. anrj his absence -
has given rise to a number of ni- -
ncrs. Ho Is known to have been -
plunging in cotton extensively of -
late. A week ago N'eal passed -
through this city and said to •
friends he was on the way to New •
York ,10 have an operation per- ¦
formed* on his child. It Is under- -
stood he went west. Officers of the -
bank hrre say the assets of the -
bank are. impaired to the. extent of -
• $llj).000. of which $70,000 . was. for v 
forged paper. This sum has been, -
made Rood b.y the . stockholders. -
Veal has . always borne a good -
reputation: A dispatch lrom Ver- -
con to-nipht says the absconding -
of Kteal has caused a panic there.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BANK PRESIDENT
DISAPPEARS
HAS SELECTED
A NEW CABINET
Azcarraga Names Men Who Will Guide
. r Destinies of Spain;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1 90G,
¦ Continued From First Page.
BRYAN TALKS
TO NEGROES
taid:
2
5000 voteje'have proclaimed the best above all
the -"American'- clear Havana cigar- ' *
Pears'
Pears* soap is nothing
but soap. . ,
-Pure soap is as gentle as
oil to the living, skin. ' '
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet . soap in all'the
world.
.-. •ell It, especially druggists.
ADVERTISEMENTS*
LIEUTENANT PETERSON
Says Peruna Is the Finest Tonic
and Invigorator He
Ever Used.
Lieutenant Charles Peterson. Hook and
Ladder Company No. a. writes the fol-
lowing letter to The Peruna Medicine j-o..
f rom s27 Belmont avenue. Chicago, HI.:
"Last year I had a severe attack or la
crippe. which left me very weak, so that
1 was unable to perform my duties. Sev-
eral of my friends advised me to build
up on Peruna. and I found It by far the
finest tonic and invlworator I had ever
used. In two weeks I was strong arul
well, and If ever I am exposed to unusual
hardship Incident to my duties at
fires, I take a dose or two or Peruna and
•find that |. k^^-^SjfftSSSSKN.
4 «-o-«-o-».o-»-o-»-o-»- o ? o-«*o-»-o-»-o-» ?
'° : - ¦¦¦•¦_-¦ ¦•-¦;¦¦'¦.¦ -i
O i , O
o ¦ '- "¦ Vr=r = T -~ o
? Lieutenant Chjfrles Peterson, f v
o - "' o
+ -*-O-*-O-*-O~*-O-*-O-*-O -»¦ O-*-O-*-O-»3-»f
Tho.ubove is only one of fifty thou-
sand letters we hare on file attesting
the merits of Peruna,
'There are a snreat- multitude* of people
In all parts of the land who have entirely
lost their health as a result of la grippe;
who have recovered from an attack, but
flnd themselves with weakened nerves,
deranged digestion and with but very lit-
tle of their former powers.
There Is no disease known to man that
leaves the system in such an outrageous
and exasperating condition as la grippe.
For this class of sufferers. Peruna 19 a
specific Peruna should be taken ac-
cording to directions and In a few week-*
i the sufferer will be entirely restored to
{ his accustomed health.
Address The Peruna Medicine Co., Co-
I lumbus. O.. for a free, copy of 'Facts
j jind Faces."
Snaps ! Snaps ! Snaps !
You have any use whatever for a
piano LOOK AROUND and then
come to us! WE ARE GOING
TO SELL
2 Curtaz
i Conover
I Shaw
I Steinway
i Sterling- ./-¦?:->
JUST A LITTLE USED, from
$145 up. »
Every one strictly guaranteed.
benj. CURTAZ & s®n
CHICKERING PIANOS.
16-18--0 O'FAkKuLL ST.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
Tttn beat «t ldence of th» popularity of
these hotels can b« found la th* coatlnaad
patronage of tho«e who oa some previous
occasion bare made them their h«sd-
quarters when visiting Saa Francisco.
Connected by a covered pasaaseway and
operated under on* muwemint oa tb*
American and European plan. . -
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cur* of GONORRHOEA. OT.Es7T3.
STRICTURES and anaiasoua complaints of taa
Orsans of Generation.
Price tl a bottle. For sals by dru«!sta.
IffiCTORY
HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
\7.s on Application.
:'""' m ATTORNEY.
F. H. MKBJBACH. lawyer. M» Ql^ Ctanl* M.
:^ ; COAL. COKE AND PIO mOX
j^d- wilson s ca.'3i££s?i£snu.
¦-¦¦¦-- ¦ « ,
COPPEPSMITH.
/•Jiw .ruiTn Ship Plumbing. Steamboat and
L" W- Mill III Bhl;. Work a, -specialty. U and
18 Washington St. Telephone Mala 8M1.
ELECTRICAL.
D D. WAS3,-
Electrical Engineer. M East st.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
ftC D AVEC * Tft 8hlppln» Butchera. 104
JA5- BUlfcj&UJ- Clay. TeL Main 1P4.
OALVANU1NO AND MBTALS.
Wts. * Dealer In Metals & OalTmnlaln*. JOHN
FINN METAL WORKS. tU Howard it.
MBTAL.
Extra llnotyp* and stereotyp* metal. » PaeUte
jjiJij Worm, U7-» First St.. San Francisco. •
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A KT.T.IS.
41S Front St.. 8. F. Phon* Mala 17H.
PAINTS.
Cylinder A Labrlcatlnr Oils. Schneider's Mining
•Candles. C O. CLINCH A CO.. » Front. 8l F.
PRINTINa.
E. Qr HUGHBSp Bll Bansome tt. 8. F.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HlCKSJinJD CX>..
- a First St.. Ban Franelsoo.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic PARTRIDGE . "^r"
WfllT£ ASH STEAM COAL, SSKaS *
D1AMQND COAL MININO CO.. at 1U ORKE^ '
KIVEK COLLIERIES, la the Best Coal In ta« ,
market. Offlca and Yards— *M Mala ii'MtIn answer to this note. Secretary Hay
informed the French Government that in
structions had gone to Minister Conger to
concur in presenting to the Chinese pleni
potentiaries the points upon which an
agreement had been reached.
"The Government of the United States
believe*." added Secretary Hay. "that the
happy influence upon the determinations
of the Chinese Emperor and of his Gov
ernment which the Government of the
French republic a-ntieipates as the result
of this step would be still further induced
if the powers were to include as part of
their initial declarations a collective man
ifestation of their determination to pre
serve the territorial integrity and admin
istrative entity of China and to secure for
the Chinese nation and for themselves the
benefits of open and equal commercial in
tercourse between the Chinese Empire
and the world at large."
It was suggested that this note hadtre
sulted in the Anglo-German agreement,
but responsible authority asserts that the
t nited States had no knowledge whatever
of tne. negotiations between Germany and
Great Britain, and a well informed diplo
mat said to-day that these two nations
had merely taken a step in advance of
the other powers.
Secretary Hay. it Is understood. Inform
ed Count de Quadt that as the first arti
cles accurately described the attitude of
the United States, this Government is en
tirely willing to subscribe to them. The
State Department Is yet in the dark as to
the meaning of article III. and Count de
Quadt was unable to throw light on it.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO
TEL WASHINGTON. Oct. 22.-Secretary
Hay has t&ken important action to cen
traJlre responsibility in China. After con
auluuion by cable with Minister Conger,
he haa instructed that diplomat to de
mand the abolition of the Tsung li Ta
ni«n and the appointment of a Minister
for Foreign Affairs who shaJl speak at
least one European language. The object
of this Instruction is to insure the p!ac
ln* of responsibility when future negotia
tions Trtth China are under way. The
Tsung 11 Yamen has been in the habit of
ffhlfttng responsibility for delaying action
upon demands made by the powers and
the United States, and it Is believed that
the other powers as well are united in the
opinion that their own interests demand
the appointment of a Minister of Foreign
Affairs. Mr. Conger will therefore reject
the proposition of the Chinese negotiators
that the Tsung 11 Yamen be permitted to
resume its usual functions.
It is the Intention of this Government
to make every effort to induce Great Brit
ain and Germany to live up to the princi
ple* set forth In the agreement which
they have reached. This agreement, as
published in the press, was discussed at
the meeting of the Cabinet this morning,
end during the afternoon Count de Quadt.
German Charge d-Affaires, called upon
Secretary Hay and handed him a copy of
the instructions received by him from his
Government, setting forth the text of the
agreement reached by the Berlin and Lon
don go\*ernments and calling the attention
of the I'nited States to that article of th»c
convention Inviting the United States and
the other powers to adhere to the terms
of its proposition*.
Arrtenca Desires That China Appoint a Min
ister Who Can Speak One European
Language m Order to Place
Responsibility,
DEMANDS ABOLITION
OF FOREIGN OFFICE
Handler "Bests Jackson.
.PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 22.— At the Penn
Art Club to-night Jimmy- Handler of
Newark. ,. N. ¦>" J.,» bested "Young",;, Peter
Jackson of San Francisco in a six-round
bout. v There was no decision, but Handler
had the better of the argument 'from the
start -to : the : finish. Owen Zlegler of
Brooklyn .was defeated by Jack Bennett
of * McKeesport. ; Pa. . Vjj JMIKilg k
PORTLAND. Or.. Oct. 22.— It was found
to-day that Miss Jennie Ethel , Stewart,
who died In Bast Portland on Friday last
and waa burled yesterday, committed sui
cide by swallowing carbolic acid. Miss
Stewart was well known In fraternal or
der circles. . . * •¦. "... . *
Swallows Carbolic Acid.
LA GRANDE, Or.. Oct. 22.— The First
National Bank at Union was blown open
?ast nl«ht between 2 and 3 o'clock. Nitro
glycerine was applied to the door of the
vault The explosion blew open the doors
antl broken particles passed through *h«
front of the building. The robbers appear
to have then attempted to pry open the
safe, but fled on the approach of citizens
who had sounded the fire alarm. No ar
repia were made. - though the • men were
seen walking away. The damage is about
Culprits Become Alarmed and Flee
After Blowing Open the Door
With Nitro-Glycerine.
NATIONAL BANK VAULT
WRECKED BY BOBBERS
Ab the election last year was held In ac
cordance with the custom followed here
for the past ten years, Prindle was elected
under precisely the same conditions, and
Bagley in turn brought suit to have Prin
dle ousted This case has. not yet come
to trial and the suit filed to-day Is an at
tempt to anticipate it and keep Prindle in
once.
A short time afterward Prindle applied
for and received permission to bring suit
in the name of the State -to have Baglev's
election declared invalid, upon the ground
that the polls closed at 6 o'clock The
case came to trial and Prindle's conten
tion was held to be correct, Baglev there
upon surrendered the office, but under pro
test* '/.-• \
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 22.— By permission
of the Attorney General, suit was to-day
brought in the Superior Court to oust the
entire City Council from office, upon the
ground that at the last city election the
polls were closed at 6 o'clock, in conform
ity with the State law, instead of at 6
o'clock, as provided by the city charter
At the last election, held in April of' the
present year, the opposing candidates for
City Recorder were William Prlndle in
cumbent. Republican nominee for re-elec
tion, and W. P. Bagley. the Democratic
candidate. Bagley was declared elected
by one vote, given his certificate of elec
tion, and at the proper time entered upon
the discharge of his duttes. Prindle be
gan a contest and a recount of the vcte
was had before Burnett of the
Superior Court. The recount showed Ba«
ley had received the most legal votes and
Increased his majority to eight. At the
request of Prindle^s attorney the case was
dismissed at this stage, no decision beinjr
necessary. 6
Sequel to a Peculiar Tangle Brought
About by an Election
Contest.
BEINGS SUIT TO OUST
SANTA ROSA'S COUNCIL
Loss Is Deeply Regretted.
At the State Department a message was
framed to be transmitted in • multiple to
the United States Kmbassadors. Ministers
and Charges rd'Aftalres abroad, officially
notifying them of the demise of ex-Sec
retary Sherman. . : '
Ex-Secretary Sherman was known in-'
timately, not only officially, but personal
ly, to , Secretary of Stato John . Hay ever
WASHINGTON. Oct. 22.-The Im
mediate cause of the death of
John Sherman, who passed
away at 6:45 o'clock this morn
ing, was described as brain ex
haustion incident to extreme, weakness,
due to old age and to several attacks of
Bickness from which he had suffered for
the past year and a half. Since Sunday
afternoon Mr. Sherman had been most of
the time unconscious, rallying partially at
intervals, when slight nourishment was
given him. Yesterday afternoon evidences
of the approaching end were manifest and
he failed to regaln~consciousness after 3
o'clock.
Several days ago, realizing the critical
condition of Mr. Sherman, the members
of the household and relatives here sent
telegrams to a large number of the family
connections throughout the country in
forming, them of his extreme illness, and
some were able to reach here before he
died. Among those at the bedside when
the end came were Mr. and Mrs. Colgate
Hoyt of New York, Mr. and Mrs. France
Wiburg of Cincinnati. Mcs. William K.
Otis of New York- City, P. Tecumseh
Snerman.a son of the, late General Sher
man; Charles M. Sherman of Chicago,
Miss Lizzie Sherman, Mrs. James Mc.Cal
lum. the adopted daughter, who has been
Mr. Sherman's constant attendant, and
her husband. General and Mrs. Miles, the
latter a niece of Secretary Sherman, were
at the house the greater portion of the
day and evening, but left for their home
shortly after midnight. They were sum
moned when it was apparent that the end
was near - and reached the house a few
minutes after the venerable statesman
had passed away.
Where Death Occurred.
Secretary. Sherman's death occurred in
the handsome home on K street, which
he had erected eight years ago. Some
weeks ago' the Secretary deeded this val
uable property to Mrs. McCallum. The
Secretary was a large holder of real es
tate In this city. Conservative estimates
of his wealth place it at a round million
dollars. It is known that Mr. Sherman
left a will, but no information as to its
contents or even when if would be pro
bated will be obtainable until after the fu
neral.
The news of Mr. Sherman's death was
communicated to the State Department
by E. J. Babcock, for many years private
secretary and clerk to Mr. Sherman in his
various capacities as Secretary of the
Treasury, United States Senator and Sec
retary of State, and at present private
secretary to Secretary Hay. The Presi
dent was also informed by the department
and the flags on the public buildings In
Washington were lowered to half-mast,
so to remain until after the funeral.
The President's Tribute.
The President issued the following proc
lamation:
In the fullness of year* and honors. John
Sherman, lately Secretary of State, haa passed
away %
Few among cur citizens have risen to greater
or more deserved eminence In the national
councils than he. The story of his public life
and services Is. as It were, the history of the
country for half a century.
In the Congress of the United States he
ranked among the foremost In the House and
later in tbe Senate. He was twice a Vmem
ber of the Executive Cabinet, first as Secre-'
tary of the Treasury and afterv«rd as Secre
tary ot State. Whether In debate durine the
dark' hours of our civil war, or as the director
of the country's finances during the period of
r-habllitatlon. or as a trusted counselor In
framing the nation's luwg for over forty years,
or as the exponent of Its f oreiBn policy, ; hU
course was ever marked : by devotion to the
beat Interests of his beloved Jand, and by able
and conscientious efTorts to Uphold Its dignity
and honor. His countrymen will long revere
his memory and see in him a type ¦- of the
patriotism, the uprightness and the zeal that
go to molding and strengthening a nation.
In fitting: expression of. the sense of bereave
ment that afflicts the republic, I direct that on
the day of the funeral the executive offices of
the United States display the national flag at
half mast, and that the representatives of the
United States In foreign countries , shall' pay In
like manner appropriate tribute to the Illustri
ous dead for a. period of ten days.
An Insane man. apparently a Swede.
was arrested yesterday In front of 811
Howard street while amusing himself
by striking pedestrians with his clenched
fists. When taken to the Receiving Hos
pital he refused to speak and he.nc* his
name could not be ascertained. He was
dressed like a laborer and is apparently
36 or 27 years of age.
Unidentified Insane Man.
RECENT DEATHS IN
THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22.-O,eneri»l Mac-
Arthur, at Manila, to-day cabled the fol
lowing list of deaths:
Dysentery— October 14, Company C,
Thirty-tlfth Infantry. David C. Whiting:
October 17, Company H, Thirty-fourth In
fantry, William G. Parham; Company G,
Forty-sixth Infantry, Corporal Glen H.
Jackson: October 12. Company K. Third
Infantry, John Gragert: October 7, Com
pany M. Thirty-fourth Infantry. Willard
Elwood; October 11, Troop D. Ninth Cav
alry, Thomas Davids; October IS, Com
pany K, Eighteenth Infantry, Marion O.
Bennott; Company C. Third Infantry, Jo
seph Barker.
Typhoid fever— October 15. Battery B.
Sixth Artillery, Curtis K. Rush; Septem
ber 12, band. Fortieth Infantry, Ralph C.
Dunlap; September 4, Company B. Forty
third Infantry, Albert O. Bernard.
All other causes— October 14. Troop H.
Fourth Cavalry, Frank M. Link; October
6, Troop H, Eleventh Cavalry, Corporal
Edward* J. Interbitzen; October 6, Com
pany F, Forty-ninth Infantry. Robert
Banks; October 13, Company G, Thirty
fourth Infantrr. Corporal James E. Tan
sey; October IS, Company E, Third Infan
try, Allen P. Adams.
Killed by comrade— October 8, Company
F. Forty-ninth Infantry. Clarence T.
Fleming: October 8, Company G, Twen
tieth Infantry, John L. Forblss; October
14. Company E. Seventh Infantry, Corpo
ral James .L. Hlckey; October 13. Company
F, Thirty-ninth Infantry. Corporal Schuy
lcr Weimar: September 23, Company L
Forty-fourth Infantry. William C. Wood'
September 26. Company C, Nineteenth In
fantry, Sergeant John Hubberd.
The transport Belgian King, which
broke down soon after leaving Manila in
consequence of an accident to her ma
chinery, has put into Hongkong for re
pairs. <
The Argyle was at Nagasaki yesterday
on her way from Manila to Taku with'
animals. The Arab left Kobe for Manila
with animals. " The Thomas left Nagasaki
on the 20th inst. for Manila. The Brecon
shire left Kobe on the 22d Inst. for ¦ Ma
nila with ajarge cargo of lumber and
forage. The Sumner, Athenian and Pak
11ns were at Nagasaki on the 20th. Tho
Athenian was bound for Taku with ani
mals and thn Pakling was taking animals
to Manila. The, Port Albert is at Naga
saki. °
Jhe jpay's JPead
Captain George Bell.
SEATTLE. Oct. 22.— The steamer Al-
Ki's passengers report the sudden death
at Juneau of Captain George Bell. Heart
failure was ascribed as the ; cause. - Cap
tain Bell was 56 years of age and long a
resident of Astoria prior to his going to
Juneau. He leaves thfoe children— Mrs.
George Blanchard of Juneau, Frank Bell
of Butte and Mrs. Thomas Foster of Aa
torla:v - • - .;**
H. A. Brainard.
SAN* JOSE. Oct. 22.-H.A. Brainard.
editor of the Pacific Tre»e and . Vine. . died
this afternoon. He had been ill several
days. He was a native of New York
where he was born In 1839. He leave a
widow and several children/the latter by
a former marriage. He has resided In
California for many years.
James A. Sellers.
CLINTON, Iowa, Oct. 22.— James A.
Sellers, ..trainmaster of - the Iowa division
of-, the -Chicago , and Northwestern Rail
way, died to-day, aged 32 years, j . .
since the days of the Civil War. Mr. Hay
said of him: ¦ •
In the death of Mr. Sherman the country has
lost one of its greatest citizens, a man whose
pome was Inseparably connected with all the
great events and policies of the latter half of
the nineteenth century, a man not only of
extraordinary ability but of the mo« spotless
character and whese personality, as well as
his work, will always be a model and an In
centive to the youth of the country.
Secretary Long was notified of the death
of his former colleague after reaching the
department. He paid:
I can only express my deep regret and un
limited respect for Mr. Sherman. He was a
remarkable man— one of the eminent states
men of this country— and his name will be so
recorded In history. The country owes him a
d»-bt of eratlUide for the service he rendered
while Secretary of the Treasury, In maintain
ing the national credit on a sound and con
servative basis.
Secretary Gage said:
Whether as a Representative, a Senator, or
a member ot the Cabinet. Mr. Sherman was
at all times a distinctive force. He had led
the forces In Congress which passed the re
sumption act In 1*74. As Secretary of the.
Treasury In 1877, it became his duty to carry
Into effect the provisions of the law he ha/!
previously In Congress done so much to in
augurate. In the performance of this ¦ duty
he had many difficulties to meet, but he met
them with the wide foresight, the steady
courage and the calm persistency which the
occasion demanded. History will. I believe,
point to that period aa the most brilliant in his
career and will recognize that in bringing: back
the national treasury to specie payment on
January 1, 1S79. he accomplished the greatect
and most useful work of his long and fruitful
f: President McKinley was greatly affected
by the news of Mr. Sherman's death. Ha
Immediately directed that the White
House be closed to visitors and the flag
on the executive mansion was placed at
naif-mast. After ordering some beautiful
lowers from the White House conserv
atory he went in person. to Mr. Sherman's
late residence to express his grief, and
offer what consolation- he could to the
bereaved family. Mrs. McKinley later
drove to the Sherman residence and left
her. card.
Funeral Arran&emtnts.
The funeral arrangements, so far as
they pertain to the services at Washing
ton, were completed late this afternoon
They will take place at the late residence
of Mr. Sherman on Wednesday afternoon
? t u 1 . 0 ' C Tl°S kl Rev ' McKa >' Smith of St.
John s Episcopal Church being the offi
ciating clergyman. Immediately after the
services the body will be taken to Mans
field, Ohio, where the arrangements for
the last rites have been left in the hands
of Rev. W. S. Kerr and other friends of
the family. Services will probably be held
Thursday in the Episcopal church usually
attended by Mr. > Sherman while In* Mans
field, and the interment will be made that
afternoon in the burial lot by the side ot
Mrs. Sherman. The party going from here
include relatives and friends and also rei>
resfentatives of the State and Treasury
departments. The list of honorary pall
bearers is still Incomplete, . but as to
those invited who have accepted include3
the following:. • Secretary Gage-Justice
Harlan of the Supreme Court. J.<A Kas
son, J. C. Bancroft Davis, J.-D. Cameron
Senator Hawley and M. M. Parker The
members of the Cabinet - now here will
attend the services at the ; house "and
President McKinley will go to MansfleM
from Canton, to attend the services there
Of the large family, and sisters origlnallv
"comprlsing the Sherman family only two
brothers survive . the s ex-secretary Thev
are Major Hoyt Sherman and .Lampson
I*. • Sherman, both* of Des Molnes Iowa.
The latter is In feeble health and- it is
not likely that he will be able to attend
the funeral -at Mansfield.
All i day long . there has been a steady
stream of callers at the house, who came
to leave their/condolences, the list In
cluding: official and resident society and
members . of . the - diplomatic corps a
large number of telegrams of svmpatbv
most- of them from Ohio,- also w»»re re
ceived. , ."
Deep Sorrow in Mansfield.
•¦"> MANSFIELD. Ohio.- Oct. 22.— The bells
of churches, shops and of the fire depart
ment were tolled this afternoon on ac
count of Senator Sherman's death. Flags
are at half-mast. A proclamation will be
Issued by. Mayor Brown to have business
places^' factories -and schools closed on
Thursday during the -funeral. : The Sher
man residence is being put in readiness
Services likely will be held at Grace
Episcopal Church.. : ; ,
INDIANAPOLIS. Oct. 22.— Ex-President
Harrison, speaking of John Sherman
said:/: .: " ' :"
: ' The death of. John Sherman removes one of
the | few > remaining- participants'. in the heated
and important 'legislative contests, that led up
to th# Civil War. His public Ufa brought hint
Into, an -active relation to the most exciting,
difficult | and momentous ¦ questions : tha ; Preal-
dent and Consress have ever been called to deal
wita since the Union was formed. In all of
these, as a member of the' Hcu!>e of Represen
tatives, as a Senator and as a <:abin«-t of fleer,
he bore a wise, courageous and prominent part.
He was one of our mest able and. useful public
men and will be widely and sincerely mourned.
I have felt thnt It was a great pity that Mr.
Sherman could not have closed his career as a
member of the Senate.
STORY OF WELDON'S
DEOWTJING IS TJNTRU2
Athlete Whoso Death at Cape Nona
Was Reported Explains Source
of Rumor.
A story has been current that Ray Wel
don. who is well known as a football
player and also as a member of the Olym
pic Club, tras recently drowned off Cap-*
Nome. There Is no truth in the story,
for V.'eldon was in the city not more than
four weeks ago. The facts are t^at just
before Weldon left Nome to come to San
Francisco he and a comrade put out In a
boat to a vessel lying off shore. There
they found two men who wished to take
the. boat buck to land. This they started
to do. When they were out a short dis
tance from the vessel a.- squall overtook
them and they were probably lost, as th«y
have never been seen at Nome since.
People on the shore, knowing that Wei
don and a friend took the boat out. con
cluded when the boat with the two other
men in It disappeared that Weldon was
one of those lost. When Weldon was re
cently In this city he neard the story and
narrated the foregoing facts.
THE LATE JOHN SHERMAN. WHOSE DEATH AT HIS HOME IN WASHINGTON WAS ANNOUNCED HERE EX
CLUSIVELY YESTERDAY MORNING BY THE CALL. THE PICTURE IS FROM ONE OF THE LATEST PHO
TOGRAPHS OF THE GREAT STATESMAN.
CHRISTIAN WOMEN
INVADE SAN JOSE
Cordial Welcome Extended to Dele
grates to the State Convention
of the Temperance
Union.
Special Dlrpatch to The Call.
«f S^lf J0SEf Oct - 22 ~ A stpad y stream
of delegates to the State Convention of
T,^V Omen ' s Cilrieti&^ Temperance Union
called at the headquarters at the Uni
tarian church this afternoon and regis
tered. They represent every part of the
State. About 200 arrived to-day - and the
same number are expected to-morrow.
The business sessions will open to-mor
row morning and will last the balance of
the week.
The State executive.commlttee held a
meeting in the parlors of the church this
t>, k rated and about the edifice
were the banneri, of the Women's Chris
"heh- fr^« a fln e^ Un J on - Agates and
••V- ft, rle . nds filled the Place. The song
rSrfir^E' th c e Gem of th€ Ocean." w£
g?^Mff a &SS.1SS. .«
Mrl Ci.m th 5 tea fhers and schools.
H^Vv t^i*2 ard J endered -a cor net solo,
tht £,v?MK?M h delIv "ed a welcome for
trie Prohibitionists, Rev. A. J Han«on
for the Good Templars. Rev j/ C LynS
for the Anti-Saloon League and Mrs "J!
M. Ayres on behalf of the County wj.
Rr* n r,\ C h £ 5tla , n Temperance Union. Mrs.
Blanche English responded for the via-
J r H S Wer l , rcnd *red by Professor
™ - ? a , 1 , ne^ "4, Mrs - R - Pain ton.
The following State officers are. in at-
S" d t MC « : M™- B. Sturtevant-Peet. pres
dent. Mrs. Sarah J. Dorr, first vice pres
ld i ent: X^ B - LIzz| e Ross Miller, tecond
Vlce Vr** 1 *™ 1 '- Mr8 - AnnIe LJttfe Barry
recording secretary; Mrs. Dorcas J. Spen
cer, corresponding secretary; Mrs. Emliy
Hoppln. treasurer; Mrs. Blanche English
&" d »tor; Mrs. E. G. Greene and Mrs. L
mJ S"!?, 80 "' State evangelists; Mlsa
Marie Sableman, Y secretary.
COAST BREVITIES
FAUNAS. Oct. 21— Artemus A. Buekxan of
Sania Cruz ani 1J!«k Howard of this city w»re
marriftl htrre to-day.
SACRAMENTO. Oct SI— William Welch,
who pleaded guilty to the crime of horse stea'¦
inrr. was this aftern^cn sentenced to sevir.i
years' Imprisonment in the penitentiary.
J1AKYSVILLE. Oct. J2.-Antonla Forasci
was th*3 afternoon sentenced to ten years fri ?an
Quentin for fcurslary in the second d»gre>.
Ferasci served * t»rm for bursflary from S.-
nona County In lgso under the name oi Peter
F>raslia.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. n.-The trial of 3cf»
Stewart for an attack upon the person of Grace
Cunninxham, a white fflrl. was besun in the
Superior Court this morninsj. Stewart 13 >t
ntfrro rollceman. and It In alleged that the
crime with which he Is charged was committal
uwier the pretext of tetlr.g the youn* fflrt
»af»ly hctre.
SPOKANE. Oct. 22.— Natural pas has been
discovered al^ntr Pin* Creek, thirty-five rr.ii«-s
w.uthwMt of this city, the outflow beta* traced
for eight mill's. K. T. Dabney and associate
ha vi obtained a twenty-flve-year l«ase on Li C*>
acres of lar.«I alonx the creek and wtn «tnk a
deep well to test the flow. Should the volume
of gas be sufficient It will be piped to this
c'ty.
Christian Victor 111.
LONDON. Oct. 22.— It is rumored that
Prince Christian Victor, now serving In
South Africa, :s suffering from enter.c
fever.
Disease at Abattoirs.
% BERLIN. Oct. M.— The foot and mouth
disease has broken out in the Berlin
abattoirs.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— Don. M. Dickin
son, who was Postmaster General under
Cleveland, has Issued a Ions statement,
in Tjhich he declares his intention o* vot
ing for McKinley and Roosevelt, He re
fuses to consider imperialism as para
mount and opposes 13:>asi be=au«e he
says he is seeking to array the discon
tented and idle against the owners of
property.
at Chicago.
Much interest is felt in an effort that
13 being made by yem • cratlc supporters
of Bryan to induce former Pr<^i:lent
Cleveland to support the Democratic
ticket on the trust and expansion is.-ues.
Mr. Cleveland has as yet given no inti
mation as to whether he will make any
declaration during the campaign. Thera
is renewed friction in the Democratic
State Committee and the Hill Democrats
up the State,, are reported to "have re
ceived a hint to vote a;ainst the Demo
cratic candidate for Governor.
Odds continue to fc<- about 4Vj to 1 and
5 to l on McKInlcyfa election.
COLORED VOTERS HEAR HANNA.
Senator Addresses a Large Audience
CHICAGO. Oct. *•-.— A crowd of three
thousand colored voters listened to ar. ad
dress to-night by Senator Hanna At the
First Regiment Armory.- The Ser.ater
was very hoarse, as a result of his week"s
campaigning in the West, but neverthe
less he succeeded In making himaell
heard. He spoke briefly and his remarks
were at all times greet^-1 with applause.
"There never was a l:nie," said .senator
Hanna, "when these whose citizenship
came with the birthday of the Republican
party had greater cause to rejoice. The
colored troops are always in line and
ready for action. As long as the Repub
lican party is true ii> tht; principles which
attracted to it tht- to. urea population or
the United States tne coloieu vote will
never be divided.
"All of the collateral Issues injected intD
this campaign by, tht Biyaaites nave bee;,
for the sole purpose ct bewildering and
leading public opinion a- a tray as lo what
was the real issue. When it comes cow n
to what we are most Interested m st
amounts to just 0:.e i.«sue ami one s.iori
sentence tells it: 'Let well enough aionr.'
No man who loves iiis country, no man
who is proud of his citizenship, no man
who cares for his own material interest?,
enn have more thasi one choice upon thai
question. To-day we are in the midst oi
the greatest era cf prosperity that this
country ever knew; but It is nuthin« more
than the natural eoiidiuon of a nation
having, as we have, the greatest natural
resources of any, the greatest people of
any, full of industry, ingenuity and prc
gress. It is for the people to decide
whether these conditions shall continue."'
MEIKLEJOHN'S KAKBOW ESCAPE
Life Imperiled by a Cloudburst While
Traveling in Nebraska.
OMAHA. Oct. 22.— Cecrse D. M»lkiejohn.
Assistant Secretary of War, Is stumping
Nebraska for the Republican ticket. Sat
urday evening he spoke at a little town
in Polk County and later took a buggy
for Clarks. fifteen miles northward. He
had gone but a third of the distance when
a cloudburst covered the •wliole valley.
Culverts and bridges were washed awuy
and it was impossible to see the ears of
the horse, owing to the darkness. Meikle
john and the driver gut out of the wagon
and began to search. for the road 'i'lie
horse stood in two feet of water and the
rus>h of water down the valley was sug
gestive of the breaking of a dam. To
remain seemed certain death, and they
decided to leave the roadway to the in
stincts of the horse. They had only four
matches and two of these were blown out
in an instant by the wind. Melklejchn
had a nightshirt and a bottle of cosmo
llne. one of the products of petroleum. In
his grip. He took the night robe out of
his grip and wound It securely around the
butt of the whip, smeared the petroleum
over the muslin and set the hastily im
provised torch afire. The light disclosed
a torrent of water. Had the men pro
ceeded fifty feet further they would have
been precipitated into a gulch and swept
out to the rtverf Slowly they picked their
wav back to the rOad and. aided by occa
sional flashes of lighting and the torch,
managed to get Into Clarks.
MEETINGS AT LOUISVIIXE.
Beveridge Speaks for McKinley and
Cockran for Bryan.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Oct. 22.— Library
Hall was too small to hold the crowd
that wanted to hear the speech of Sena
tor Beverldge of Indiana to-night. While
the Senator was speaking for McKinley
in this hall Bourke Oockran was speak-
NEW YORK. Oct. 22.— TT.e National
Civil Service Reform League ha3 declined
to accept the "resignation of Carl Schvrz
as president. Mr. Sohurz re3tjrr.ed tl-.at
he might freely support Bryan without
emfcarrsrrinp the leasrue.
Declines Schurz's Resignation.
WILMINGTON. N. C. Oct. 22. -Alfred
M. vTaddell, candidate for United State3
Senator to succeed Marion Butler, to-day
nnncurscetl M? withdrawal from the race.
The contest \n now between Democratic
Etnt^ Chainsan Simons ar.d Julian S. Carr
of Durham.
Waddcll Withdraws.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 2>.-Presldent and
Mrs. McKlnlev left the city at 7;43 o'clock
tr-r.,'ght for Canton. Ohio, where they
v.m r«mam ur.tll Mr. McKinley casts his
veto c;i November $. when they will re
turn to Washington. Accompanying them
were Secretary Cortelyou and Dr. Rixey
cf the navy, the party occupying a private
car.
McKinley Leaves Washington.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ing for Bryan at the Auditorium, so tfw
clans were to a large degree separated.
Senator BeveridRe'n audience greeted him
enthusiastically and -veered him contin
uously. -
Among the vice presidents on the stag*
were a number of Drown Democrats.
DON M. DICKINSON IS
NOW OPPOSED TO BRYAN
Postmaster General During the Cleveland
Regime Formally Announces His In
tention to Vote for* McKinley
and Roosevelt.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, OCTOBER 23> 1900.
President McKinley and Other Prominent Men Pay Tribute
to the Memory of the Late Statesman.
JOHN SHERMANS DEATH
IS MOURNED UNIVERSALLY
Br«clal Dispatch to The Call. \
STOCKTON. Oct. 22.-Judgre Budd to
day made a far-reaching decision when he
ruled that national bank stock is not as
fsessable in the cases of H. H. Hewlett
and J. H. Hough, who 6ued the county to
recover taxes paid under protest.
The opinion Is given in the Hewlett case.
Hewlett was assessed for 1100 shares, val
ued at flOO a share, the taxes amounting
to 11595. and Hough for seventy-seven
Bhares, the taxes amounting to Jill 65.
Judge Budd holds, briefly, that the Su
preme Court has decided that nationaJ
bank stock* axe not assessable for taxa
tion; try reason of section 306S of the Po
litical Code, and that the act of 1S99.
known as the Muenter law, has not mate
rially changed that code section. The as
sessment therefore is declared void and
tfce taxes must be refunded.
ELECTRICIAN NORTON'S
INJURIES CAUSE DEATH
Inquest Held Over the Body of the
6preckels Sugar Henn
ery Attache.
FAUNAS. Oct. 22.— C. R. Norton, head
electrician at the Spreckels sugar factory,
died to-day as the result of an accident
on Saturday evening. An Inquest was held
tr-d the evidence fhowed that Norton had
been at work putting into place a new
motor for one of the powerful electric
hoists and was experimenting with the
machine when the accident occurred.
About the big <irum of the hoist there ex
tends a heavy pteel brake, or band, which
le operated with the foot, and this had
been removed from Its position and left
loosely lying around the drum. In start
ing the machine the unfortunate elec
trician grasped the controller of the motor
with hi? left hand, standing almost facing
the drum. The terrific speed with which
!t started to revolve threw the loose steel
brakp lever from around the drnm.and
the foot rest struck him on the rightlem
ple, crushing his skull. The foot rest was
afterward found imbedded In a solid pine
timber which forms a portion of the
motor's foundation.
The deceased wan a son of L. D. Norton,
civil engineer for the Southern Pacific
Company. His body was taken to San
Francisco to-day, where the Interment
•will be made.
Judge Budd of Stockton Rules That
the Assessor Must Return
Taxes Collected on
Their Stock.
DECISION IN FAVOR
OF NATIONAL BANKS
Special rUspatch to The Call.
It is expected that there will be free and
full discussion between the United States
and Russia regarding the Anglo-German
agreement.
The State Department formally respond
ed to-day to the note submitted by the
French Charge d'Affalres here announc
ing the adherence of all the powers Inter
ested in China to the essential principles
of the original French note, and suggest
ing that those points which call forth
comment from certain Cabinets "could, it
would seem, be discussed among the pow
er? or between their diplomatic represen
tatives at Peking In the course of nego
tiations and receive such modifications as
might be judjjed necessary in order to
more surely and speedily attain the com
mon *>nd."
3
ADVEBTISEXENTS.
I j Bed |«
Read the two sides of this story and
then give a verdict on the evidence as
to the merits of Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery.
WHAT MRS. HATTER SUFFERED.
•I had been sick for more tb«n » year with
kidney trouble." writes Mrs. Jjacy Hayter. of
TackshoTO, Jack Co., Texaa. "Several Afferent
doctors treated me. but none did me tny good.
One. doctor said that I nerer could be cured,
that I had Bn'sbt's Disease. I suffered nearly
oeath at time* ; bad spells the doctors called
epumi. Was bed-£ast most of tbe time for sue
months. Mv mother begged me to try Doctor
Pierce 1 * Cofden Medical Discovery."
WHAT DR. PIERCE SAID.
•With but little hope I wrote to Dr. Pierce,
and be naid • he could cure me.* I began to take
his • Golden Medical Discovery,' and althousrh I
had jfiven op to die, I began to improve from
the start, and by tbe time I had taken twenty-
two bottles I v.-as entirely cured. I weigh more
than erer before in my life and am entirely
well."
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discov-
ery cures diseases of the stomach and
other organs of digestion and nutrition.
It cures through the stomach diseases of
heart, liver, lungs, kidneys, etc, which
have their origin in disease of the stom-
ach and its associate organs.
Sick persons are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce, by letter, free. All correspond-
ence private. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce,
Buffalo, N. Y.
jRl ' Our made^to-.
Imffljtjk . order suits-
(f.|fi!:i I p j I Wj 'Mj$jSj|a represent the combina-
I SI M 'U- 1 n $'4iSP «ionofs:oodmaterials and
I 8\!l'!s SI, f B'S^fei^ ¦ good workmanship: this
• ill I i » j IPS-' p\ ls a harmon i° us combi-
I j'ilj 1 : i ,< ffjlflil'u nation which has proven
1 il||j: ! ':i ;|5||fil satisfactory to our cus-
S t'lW ¦mSI ISwlfll tomers ' first » because of
I ij \%i \ I i'flsilll the style and appearance
I 1 1 IP r { i li 1 4 iShhI of the suits - second - be -
i R HNs m \\%\\W8m cause of the wearin s *
!M ii'f i ; ! mmMI qualities.
wfiJB Wm%nmmS$J these st^ Ies: Single or double
m 'ir'^SI^^I^* breasted sacks with single or
llJIi^ffiliPHF double breasted vests the strand
Vm !i 'rorawlSWilmS or cutawa y frock; price of any
{ i K'wB'I'ilHfii one of ths st y |es
li >%m H^ioil A "Yeargood" label in every
'¦ Halfwit UfIII in Out-of-town orders fhled — write for
• lij fi'jrM }!|H| id? samples and self-measuring blank.
Jiit if S.N.Waod&Go.
<^ kj.pl Ijl' III 718 .Market Street and
vMttj MWu CoP * Powell and Eddy Sts.OBJECT TO SOMBRERO
ON A JUNIOR'S HEAD
Stanford : Seniors Attack a Lower
Class Man, but Fail to Get
the Headgear.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct 22.— As
a sequel to the adoption of the Spanish
sombrero as the official headgear of the
senior class H. G. Stevenson,,, a junior,
was held up on the quad this morning by
several upper class men because his head
was adorned with their approved style of
headwear. A brief scuffle followed and
at , Its conclusion the . transgressor was
found to be still wearing the hat. A large
crowd . viewed I the discomfiture of those
who had attempted to seize the offending
hat, and among them was -President Jor
dan.
The attempted violence does not meet
the approbation of a majority of the
class. .Many feel- that Stevenson should
be allowed to continue ¦wearing this par
ticular style of hat, inasmuch as it Is the
same one he has -worn for -five years.
.There are others; who feel he should have
acceded to the wishes of tho majority.
The cause of the trouble was an edi
torial .which appeared In the Palo Alto
last week threatening the offending junior
with violence If he did not heed the warn
ing. The whole matter, including the dis
graceful actions of the seniors, will be
taken in hand by the faculty, and it la
not likely that another such scene win
occur. .
ATTEMPTING TO PROVE
AN ALIBI FOR ORTEGA
'Witnesses Swear the Pugilist "Was
Not at the Scene of His
Alleged Crime.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 22.— The attorneys for
"Jack" Ortega, the pugilist, who Is ac
cused of having assaulted little Grace
Gamble, are trying: to prove an alibi for
their client. The prosecution finished its
case this afternoon 'after producing
much positive* evidence against Ortega.
Dale Holland waa recalled this morning.
He testified to having seen Grace Gamble
get into Orteca'sTOug-gy, and later he saw
them as they passed him. Pete Savard
told of Ortega's movements on the night
in question and some admissions he made
the next day. Grace Gamble was recalled
and gave supplemental details.
Addle Bartlett was the first wit»ess 'for
the defense. She was- riding with Ortega
on the night of the crime and parted com
?iany with him at 9:45 o'clock. The lines
o his harness had buttons on them, but
no loops. This contradicts Grace Gamble,
who testified that the lines her assailant
held had loops on them. Dave Reedy had
seen Ortega in the Pacific Hotel at 5 min
utes past 10 o'clock. William Higuera had
ridden home with Ortega, reaching the
letter's house at 10:15 o'clock. The assault
occurred -between 9:30 and 10:30. -
Some interesting, testimony Is. promised
by the prosecution in rebuttal of these
witnesses.* 7- ;.
Mare Island Naval > Changes.
VALLEJO, Oct. 22.— Lieutenant P. De
laney has been detached from the Hanger
to duty aboard the Philadelphia, Lieuten
ant J. K. Robinson from the 'Philadelphia
to the Ranger for line duty and Assistant
Paymaster P. H. Delano from the Yo
aemite ¦¦ to - duty - at tho naval . station at
Guam as pay offloer, purohasing- and gen
eral Store keeper. . ¦ •
"Mr. Bryan certainly can't make things
better than they are, and I think he would
make them worse. I have been a Demo
crat all my life, but I shall vote for the
Republican candidate for the Presidency
this time."
Many of the leading Democrats of that
part ot the country around Lemoore ex
pressed tneir intention to vote for William
McKinley for President One of these
hardhanded sons of toil Informed Mr.
Foote that owing to the general business
prosperity under the Republican method
of handling the country's affairs he had
made a clear profit this year of $1800 out
qf a few acres of prunes and that the
profits on his raisin vineyard had enabled
him to pey off the mortgage, on his place.
"I am satisfied with the way things are
going," said this granger to Judge Foote,
"and I am going to vote for President Mc-
Kinley. L-VX-'y
Henry S. Foote. United States District
Attorney for the northern district of Cali
fornia under Cleveland, has returned from
a political tour in the central part of the
State and reports large gains in Republi
can sentiment.. He made a speech of
nearly two. hours' duration last Saturday
in Lemoore, Kings County, and had an
overflow audience, about half of -whom
were old time Democrats, many of them
from Tennessee, which is Judge F<>ote's
birthplace.
KINGS COUNTY FOR McKINXEY.
Democratic Prune and Raisin Grow
ers Declare for Republican Ticket.
LABOR WINS VICTORY
WITHOUT A STRIKE
Los Angeles Contractors Agree to an
Increase of the Wag^es of
Carpenters.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 22.— Nearly a year
ago the carpenters' unions of this city be
gan a movement to improve their condi
tions. Instead of asking the contractors
to raise wages the unions began to assist
the contractors in getting better prices
for'- their- work by getting many small
contractors to Join the union and work
by the day. The result has been that the
union has'kept all of Its men steadily em
ployed and the contractors. have been able
to. get much better prices for their work.
At the regular meeting of the union last
evening the report of different carpenters
regardinfj the .attitude of the contractors
respecting the raise of wages showed that
at least twenty contractors had agreed to
a $3 scale. Some wanted to wait until
their^ old work was completed, but rather
than lose their men they have agreed to
pay $2 75 a day on all the old work and $3
on all new. The new conditions have been
obtained without a strike and the carpen
ters are, as a result, extremely jubilant. ¦
SANTA CRUZ WEDDING BELLS.
Miss Alice Kinsley the Bride of Peter
'' McCart of Bakersfleld.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 22.— Miss Alice
Kinsley, a daughter In one of the most
prominent - families in this county, was
married this morning to Peter McCart of
Bakersfleld. The ceremony took place at
9 o'clock at: the Catholic church, nuptial
mass being celebrated. The bride was at
tended by. her. sister, -Miss Emma Kins
ley, and the' groom by the bride's brother,
Henry Kinsley. Rev. Father McNamee
was the officiating clergyman.
After mass a wedding breakfast was
served at the Kinsley home on the Lower
Soquel road. The couple will reside at
Bakersfleld. ' • -';¦">
Diamond' Thief Arrested.
SEATTLE, Oct 22.— Detectives to-day
arrested In a downtown ¦ hotel C. F.
Mather, who Is accused by several whole
sale Jewelers and diamond merchants of
New York City of the theft of Jewels
valued at not less than $45,000. Mather
was going by the name of J. C. Moord
and was bound for Australia. He came
here on Thursday.
MEET TO PASS UPON
MISS FRASER'S SANITY
She Is Being Unjustly
Detained.
Members of the State I»unacy Com
mission Will Decide Whether
STOCKTON. Oct. 22.— Members • of the
State Lunacy Commisslon» gathered in
Stockton to Investigate the case of Miss
Mary Fraser, who has been confined In
the Pacific Hospital, a private insane asy
lum, for two months, having been placed
there at the instigation of her father, P.
B. Fra8er, president of the Farmers' and
Merchants* Bank, and her brother, A. P.
Fraser, a young attorney. The Investiga
tion Is the result of charges laid before
the commission by; ex-Governor Budd on
behalf of Mrs. Edna Orr James and her
mother, Mrs. James, relatives of Miss
Fraser. They claim that the young woman
is not. insane and. that her father and
brother have had her Committed, without
just reason, from motives of revenge and
on account of family differences. The
father and the brother of the young
woman claim that she is insane through
the use of alcohol and morphine, and that
they acted from the best. motives to pre
vent her becoming -a disgrace to herself
and family. ' "•>, t : -. • "-
The physicianstassembled at the Deten
tion Hospital t6 testify in the'ease were
instructed by the Lunacy Commissioners
that their presence would not be required
until 9 o'clock to-morrow morning.
KOBBERY THE \ MOTIVE
OF ATTACK ON BODLEY
Assailant of the San Josean Was At
tracted by His Gold
Timepiece.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 22.— The , police have
been unable to find any trace of the man
who shot Deputy Tax Collector Bodley
last ¦ evening. They I and I Bodley axe now
convinced that It was merely an attempt
at robbery and in the excitement the rob
ber accidentally pulled the trigger of his
revolver. Bodley had Just looked to see
what time it was and his golden. timepiece
evidently attracted the. fellow's attention,
for a»she turned around the man said:
"I'll take that, pard." At this moment
the shot was fired. ' . .
Bodley had on a Bilk shirt under his
hunting coat and this Is believed to have
saved his life. The bullet penetrated the
coat and vest, but 'stopped - at the shirt.
A bruise about the size of a silver dollar
was made about four inches under the
heart. rv«
The man turned and fled as soon as the
shot was fired. Bodley was partially
stunned. It is believed that if the fellow
had wanted to, kill Bodley he .would have
fired another shot at him. .
CATHOLIC FAIR OPENS.
Bishop- Montgomery Officiates at a
. ., Los/ A^Tgeles Bazaar.
LOS ANGELES, Oqt.(22.— Amid brilliant
surroundings, .¦ Bishop . : Montgomery to
night declared -the Catholic I fair at ! Turn
Verein Hall open. ¦¦ .The fair will . continue
for a week,; the proceeds to be devoted to
forwarding the good work that is being
donebythe Sisters. of Mercy In 'this city..
More than a score 'of beautifully decor
ated booths, stocked with tempting wares
of all sorts, are presided' over , by some of
the best known ladies in Catholic society.
Special, programmes < of entertainment are
provided.: for each ¦: evening f and a well
equipped restaurant will cater to the hun
gry and fastidious throughout the week.
':':"-J' 1 ivi-f.:-'r- — — » ¦ " ¦'.,'¦¦" ¦.'-¦:
Gif t to Admiral : Beaumont, -
-VICTORIA, Oct. 22.-Cttlzen3 \ot Vic
toria to-day ' presented ,to' k Rear; Admiral
Beaumont, who has been promoted; to the
Australian station, an address and a mas.
siv« gold ¦ nugget. * He Is to be succeeded
..on this station by Rear AdmlralBlckforL,
Oil Producers Favor Needliarru
BAitEitSFiEUD, Oct Sl-e-Coogressinaa
FRESNO. Oct. 22.-Wllliam H. Alford
of San Francisco spoke here to-night to
an audience of about 600. His address
treated altogether of trusts and Im
perialism. He declared that the raisin as
sociation waa not a trust/but a combine
organized to fight Eastern fruit trusts.
Alf ord Talks of Trusts.
VALLEJO, Oct. 22.— D. M. Delmas. De
mocracy's eloquent spellbinder, appeared
here to-night under the auspices of the
local Bryan and Stevenson club. • Farra
g-ut Theater being crowded to suffocation.
Delmas wm In his happiest vein and ex
pounded the tenets of Democracy In a
pi easing: manner. He handled the issues
of the day "without gloves" and delivered
a eplendld oration. Theodore Bell. Dis
trict Attorney . of Napa County, was the
other speaker of the evening. The rally
was a marked success. r • - .
Presented With Gilded Toothpicks.
SALINAS. Oct. 22.— The election bet re
cently made by Ernest Waterman and
Clarence Tynan of this place, according
to the terms of which the loser is to roll
the kernel of a peanut five blocks uphill
with a toothpick, is bringing renown to
both gentlemen. Mr. Waterman haa re
ceived through the mail aa envelope con
taining two toothpicks neatly gilded with
gold and tied with delicate pink and blue
ribbons. Mr, Waterman does not know
the name of the donor, but suspects that
they are a present from some Republican
admirer, as a Democrat would have used
silver; .:¦;¦->> -•-.•-. ,-. ¦ . :. -, : ,"<•,-•..,-
Large Gathering.
Eloquent Democrat Greeted by a
% NAPA. Oct. 22. — Senator George C. Per
kins addressed one of the largest politi
cal meetings ever held in Napa at the
opera-house to-night Voters of all par
ties turned out en masse to hear the Sen
ator discuss public issues. He arrived
from the Veterans' Home late this after
noon and was a guest at the Palace.
At the mass-meeting Charles H. Jack
son, son of the late Colonel John P. Jack
son, acted as chairman and made an elo
quent speech In presenting Senator . Per
kins. The' Senator was given an ovation
and immediately • launched I into the dis
cussion of the issues that are confront
ing this nation. Senator Perkins paid a
glowing tribute to President McKinley
and the way In which he has conducted
his administration during the past four
vears. He urged the voters of Napa
County to stand by the Republican can
didates, who stood for prosperity and ad
vancement. The Senator's visit to Napa
¦will do much toward rolling up a large
majority for McKinley and Roosevelt on
November 6.
A glee club of twenty voices supplied
fine campaign songs, and the Napa Parlor
band rendered patriotic airs. Leading
business men of Napa acted as vice presi
dents and occupied seats on the stage
with Mr. Perkins, and Mr. Jackson.
DELMAS TALKS AT VALLEJO.
the City's History.
Greatest Political Demonstration in
PINOLE. Oct. 22.— A great demonstra
tion was held here to-night by the Re
publicans of this section. Special trains
were run from Martinez and at least 1000
persons took part in the mass-meeting and
celebration that followed. Three bands
and fireworks in abundance added to the
enthusiasm. The gathering was one of
the biggest political outpourings ever wit
nessed in Contra Costa County. From all
of the towns along the west side of the
county came representative men to tes
tily by their presence and speech their
fealty to the Republican standard-bearers
and to give expression to the sentiments
which impelled their support of the Re
publican candidates. Men prominent in
u.il walks of life in this county were active
in the meeting and assisted toward the
tremendous success of the demonstration.
As soon as the excursionists arrived a
procession was formed and with illumina
tions marched to Foresters' Hall. The
I- - inole McKinley and Roosevelt Club had
general charge. John Bermlngham Jr. of
the California Powder Works was presi
dent of the evening. The vice presidents
were: W. Jarman, J. J. Davis, Fred
Copestake, R. Harkinson, L. Grunauer, S.
W. Koskett. M. M. Breckenridge, H. Ells
worthy, P. M. Soto, Joseph Boyd, Charles
Pacheco, Mark Sickle, W. F. Pinning, A.
B. Coleman, W. A. Hall, James Rankin,
John Ipswltch, H. V. Alvarado, W. A.
Rugg, James McClellan, J. E. Colton.
Frank Norris, Antone Joseph, James
Ahearn, L. M. Buckner, George Ward, G.
W. Kennedy, Sam Hutton, J. E. Boquet,
Joseph Moitoza.
Congressman Victor H. Metcalf was in
troduced and received a tremendous ova
tion. His speech was on national issues,
and he pointed to, the prosperity of the
workingmen as the best test of the bene
fits of Republican control at Washington.
C. M. Belshaw, candidate for State Sena
tor, and M. B. Ivory, candidate for the
Arsembly. were warmly welcomed and
their speeches roundly applauded. Judge
William S. Wells of Martinez addressed
the audience, urging his hearers to sup
port these candidates, who had proved
their worth, their honesty and their
ability. . j-
NAPA GREETS SENATOR PERKINS
MONTEREY. Oct. 22.— Within the past
ten days two attempts have been made
to wreck the Del Monte express by
wedging heavy pieces of iron into the
frog of a switch. Both times dfsasters,
accompanied by a loss of life, were avert
ed only because the train happened to be
running slowly and passed over the ob
struction without accident. To-day the
startling discovery was made that the
tralnwreckers are two boys who are
hardly more than infants.
These youthful miscreants are Arnold
and Irwin Waltz, sons of A. Waltz, a
tailor, residing in Del Monte Grove. They
are 10 and 11 years old, respectively.
Though. this f i3',the first, time they have
indulged in- mischief of a criminal char
acter, it is not thotr first offense In pre
petrating acts of malicious mischief. For
several years they have seemingly had a
passion for destroying property and have
caused no little annoyance to. the street
car company's employes by throwing
open the switch at the carhou,6e, near
which they reside. _
Their attempts to wreck the Del Monte
express were made "Just to see what
would happen," as they said when ac
cused of the act. Neither of them had any
realization of tho awful nature of the act.
Burned by an Explosion.
SANTA CRT'Z, Oct. 23.— Frank Arm-
Ftrong met a serious accident yesterday at
his eyclery. He was heating the bottom
of an air tank to remove a coating of
tar. The vent at the top of the tank was
closed and th*> heat formed a gas, which
exploded. The bottom of the tank was
blown out and Armstrong was horribly
burned on the face, head and hands by
the hot tar.
Needham addressed an immense open air
meeting hero this evening. It was the
largest local political gathering of the
campaign. Mr. Xeedham was introduced
by C. Linkenbach, who spoke of the Con
gressman's work in protecting the oil
miner against the rapacity of the scrlp
per. This put Xeedham into favor with
the oil men. who are sufficiently numer
ous to decide the election in this district.
Mayor Phelan at San Diego.
SAX DIEGO. Oct. 22.— James D. Phelan
and J. C. Sims addressed a great crowd
at the opera-house to-night. The meeting
had been advertised for the plaza, but the
cool weather of- the last few days com
pelled the committee to change its plan.
The meeting was called to order by Pat
terson Sprigg, chairman* of the County
Central Committee, and Judge Joseph F.
KInney presided". After Its close a bannuet
w £ 8 served at the Browster Hotel, at
which Mayor Capps presided as toast
master. ,
Loud and Wolf Speak.
SANTA CLARA. Oct. 22.— An attentive
audience listened to Eugene P. Loud and
E. Myron Wolf at Wldney Hall this even
ing. The audience was a large one and
the speakers held its 'jndlvide^ attention
for two and a half hours. Judge H G
Bond, president of the Cured Fruit Asso
ciation, was chairman. Bands and bon
fires contributed to the reception acoord
ed the candidate and his fellow-speaker.
This practically closer the campaign in
banta Clara.
Bepublican Bally at La Mesa.
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 22.— The Republicans
of the La Mesa portion of the county
turned out almost to a man to-night to
listen to the argument of Hon. D. L.
}\ ithington and L. A. Wright on the Issue
from a Republican standpoint. The meet
ing was presided over by Dewitt B. Wil
liams, and the packing-house of the La
Mesa Lemon Company was well filled
The campaign of both parties in this
county has been very thorough.'
The obstruction they placed upon the
track in their first experiment caused the
train to rock alarmingly and if It had not
been slowing down to stop at the station
It unquestionably would have Jumped the
track. -On, the second evening the switch
was examined Just before the arrival of
the train and the obstruction removed in
time to prevent a disaster.
The Southern Pacific detective, who was
sent here to Investigate, noticed these
boys playing about the track and asked
them if they put pieces of Iron into th<?
switch frog. They answered In the af
firmative without hesitation • and said
they only did it for tun, to see what
would happen when the wheels struck
the piece of rail. They were greatly
frightened when taken into custody and
promised never to do such a thing again.
On account of .their tender year* and ap
parent ignorance of the gravity of their
offense, they were at once released with
no other punishment than & severe repri
mand and a warning to keep out of
mischief hereafter.
They have been in the habit of late
ot playing along the track between the
Del Monte bathhouse and the Monterey
station, amusing themselves by putting
pieces of metal, sticks and stones on the
track and watching the wheels of the
train crush them and it was thus their
guilt In the more serious experiment was
discovered.
Special Trains Carry Crowds of Excursionists and a
Kecord-Breaking Meeting Is Held.
? —
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CONTRA COSTA REPUBLICANS
HEAR METCALF AT PINOLE
MON TEREY RAINWRECKERS
PROVE TO BE SMALL BOYS
Express "Just to See What Would Happen."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Twice Unsuccessfully Attempted to Derail the Del Monte
MATE JOHN CHRISTENSEN,
DROWNED OFF SCHOONER
ELIZA MILLER.
BERKELEY, Oct. 22.— One of the
promising candidates fcr the
first eleven of the'Stanford foot
ball squad has been protested by
the State University manage
ment.' The documents and affidavits were
sent to Palo Alto to-night by Manager
Reno Hutchinson. This Is In retaliation
ORVILLE OVERALL. HIS DIS
QUALIFICATION IS SERIOUS
BLOW TO BERKELEY. TEAM.
Photo^' by Bisbee & Haskins.
SMALLPOX ON
TREASURE SHIP
FROM SKAGUAY
Steamer City ol Seattle
Sent Into Quarantine
at Vancouver.
KLONDIKERS PLAY IN BAD LDCR
Txro Hundred and Ninety Passengers
HLvst Pass Two Weeks in Cap
tivity at Wllliams
head.
SSpecial Dispatch to Th« Call.
V*2COOTJVER, Oct. 22— After ridinR at
anchor all day In the stream the steamer
City of Seattle, tha filer of the Puget
Socnd-Sk&gnay steamship sen-ice, left to
xdebt with all of her 2LO passengers to
epeod two weeks at the Williamshead
Quarantine etation. One case of smallpox
vu the cauca of the trouble, the patient
being- Fred Dashton. who Just came out
from X3«.wsoa City and is thought to have
contracted the disease in the northern
r"ip»"y camp. He left Dawson nineteen
days before he took passage on the
ctaoiaer from J'unea.u, in which place he
had remained eight days before sailing.
The day before he left he fek unwell and
consulted a doctor, who pave him a bottle
of medicine and told him his ailment was
not serious. During the first day on the
Fteamer a. rash broke out. on his face, but
ha took little notice of it. It was f>o
noticeable this morning that Port Doctor
Ma.ckecinii» detected it twenty fe«t away
acd a.t once made A examination, which
resulted !n the sending of the vessel into
temporary' quarantine. Then telegrams
¦were sent to Ottawa for instructions,
¦whicJi were received late to-night.
Th* vessel will be released after she
has been washed out and fumigated, but
the passengers and crew, from the captain
to the cabin boy, will be confined at Wil-
Iia3n2b.e2.d- A new crew probably will
taite charge of the vessel next week and
tak.e her back on the northern run.
Among the prominent persons on board
tha veteel are: George A. Brackett, ex-
Mayor of Minneapolis, who has Just com
pleted a clean-up of $125,0<X> on his mines
in Atlln: E. C. Hawkins, peneral manager
Of the Whit© Pass Railway; J. H. Grear,
reneral agent of the same line: J. Can
cellor. Postmaster of Atlin. and other
northern officials. There was nearly $200.
000 In g-cld dust aboard.
John We^ton of San Francisco had a
cusget worth JiS 7 ) from Willow Creek,
Atlln, which he held up to the crowd on
the wharf, but the crowd only laughed
a.nd suggested that while the rich men of
the north were undoubtedly all right their
money was not nf very great benefit to
them just at present. Many of the pas
sengers had hurried d>iwn especially to
take part in the Presidential election, but
now they will do most of their voting in
quarantine.
This morning a straw vote was taken
aboard the steamer. _ Me Kinley received
fe2 votes to Bryan's .<.
DECIDES TAX
SUIT AGAINST
THE RAILWAYS
Judge Campbell Rules in
Favor of San Bernar
;/dino County.
IMPORTANT / .POINT INVOLVED
Are^Made Payable in ,
Gold Coin.'
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe Attack
School Bonds Because They
Special Dispatch to The Call,
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 22.— Judge
John L, Campbell of- the Superior Couri
of San Bernardino County has just ren
dered an important decision in the case
brought by the county of San Bernardino
against the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company and the Santa Fe Pacific Railroad
Company to recover .taxes with which to
pay for school bonds that were Issued by
Needles school district In .1890 for $20,000
for new school houses. The real defend
ant, by reason of a lease agreement, was
the Santa Fe Railroad Company.
. The school 'district comprised over 9000
square ' miles of territory and extended
from the Colorado River on the east for
more than, a hundred miles toward the
west and from the county of Inyo on the
north; to what Is known as: the San Ber
nardino base line oh the south. Through
this territory the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company had a railroad. It was as
sessed to pay its proportion of the taxes
to meet the principal and interest of the
bonds. The railroad company first . en
joined the Tax Collector of San Bernar
dino County from selling the property of
the company in the school district. claim-
Ing that a shoestring district had been
formed for the purpose of Including as
many miles of railroad as possible, and
thus placing a heavy burden on the com
pany. The county paid no attention to
this suit, but the Board of Supervisor?
caused an action to be brought in the
name of the county to collect the taxed.
In- the meantime tho Southern Pacific
Company leased its line of road running
through the school district- to the Santa
Fe and that company was by supple
mental proceedings included in the 'action
for its proportion of the taxes.
The case was tried before Judge Camp
bell last April at San Bernardino and has
Just been decided In favor of the county.
The railroad companies made their de
fense principally on three grounds— first,
that the school district had never been
properly organized and was not a de Juro
school district: second, that it was not n
de facto school district; and third, that
the bonds were void because they were
made payable in gold coin instead of In
"lawful money of the United States."
It was upon the third point that so
much interest in the case was manifested,
for there are several millions of dollars
worth of school bonds and other district
bonds held by banks and capitalists
throughout the State w*hlch, like tne Nee
dles school bonds, are made payable in
pold coin. Had Judgre Campbell decided
the case in favor of the railroad com
panies it would have been a serious blow
aimed at the holders" of these gold bond
securities and would have shaken the con
fidence of those who have paid out so
much money on the Caith of the legality
of the bonds. It may be remarked that
all taxpayers In the district paid their
taxes as they were levied, the only delin
quents being: the railroad companies.
The county -was represented by J. \VY
Cuiyjs, District Attorney, and Frank B.
Daley of San Bernardino. Dunne & Mc-
Pike of San Francisco represented the In
terests of the Oakland Bank of Savings,
which had purchased the school bonds,
and Judge Charles N. Sterry of Los Ange
les, the chief counsel of the Santa F«
Pacific Railroad Company, represented
the defendants.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
SAN RAFAEL.. Oct. 22.— The trial of J.
E. King for the murder of S..H. Church
at Two Rock two months ago, com
menced, before Superior Judge Angellotti
this afternoon. A venire of one hundred
and fortj^-flve talesmen filled the court
room. The work of selecting a jury pro
ceeded much faster than was expected.
When court adjonrned 'late this afternoon
six had been "sworn. It is believed that
the other six will be obtained to-morrow
morning.
The jurors already sworn are E. Seriter.
J. Blum. D. A. McLean. J. R. BonnattJ.
Thomas Hennessy and P. W. Reinhold.
Considerable care was manifested by
both sides in the selection of the jurors.
The prosecution exhausted six peremptory
challenges and the defense rive. IJistric:
Attorney Me Isaac is assisted by Attorney
D. H. Ryan of San Francisco. Klng*3 in
terests are guarded by Attorneys I^ennon
and Hawkins of this city.
In ccurt to-day King was as cool as an
icicle and spent the time consutllng hia
attorneys or chatting with his wife, who
Is constantly by his side. Imprisonment
has had little effect on him and he seeir.3
more confident than ever.
Murderer of S. H. Church Appears
Cool and Apparently Confident
. That He Will Escape Pun- '
ishraent. .
SURPRISING PROGRESS. IS' MADE.
SWEARING IN
JURY TO TRY
SLAYER KING
Six Talesmen Pass Muster
• in Court at San
DE WITT PROTESTED BY
BERKELEY MANAGEMENT
Professionalism Charged'Against Him—Loss
of Overall a Serious Blow. ¦ .0 :•-..¦
for the protest wttich hajs resultea ln.the^
less of Orville Overall 'to the blue and
gold. • . . ¦ v: ' - • • i - • :¦
The protest Is based on the Charge. or
professionalism.- It is against M. *,. ae
Witt, half on the fresliman team-ana, *
promising man for the first eleven, me
specific charges against- De Witt are ad
follows: v . . ' ,~
-In. the years 1897 and 1899 M. E. de-VWtt was
a member of the Tulare Fire Department hose
team. On July 4. 1S37, in the town of Tulare.
this team ran for a purse of $t00_ In "» 9 . c0 "~
test M. E. de Witt participated. On July 4.
1SS3. the hose team of Tulare ran against tne
hose teams of Selma and PortervlUe for a cAfft
prize of $75. In this contest M. E. de vVilt
participated. ¦ ,
To i support these charges Manager
ILutchlnaon has sent Jo the. Stanford fac
ulty athletic committee clippings from tne
VIsalla Times giving accounts of these
races and affidavits by men who took part
In the races and who - say De Witt was
one of the crew and -by .spectators who
saw the contests. Under the athletic rul
ing De -Witt will be declared a profes
sional if he took part in any athletic sport
for money.
The management is confident of prov
ing De-Witt a professional In addition to
the charges formally made It claims to
have proof that on July 4. XS94. and on the
same date in 1S95 the Stanford roan ran
In a hose team contest for money.
These charges were not Included in the
document sent, as they were thought
needless.
The loss of Orville Qverall from the
Berkeley football squad owing to the
Stanford protest would hardly be bal
anced even by De Witt being barred. |
Overall is a heavy man and much needed j
for the position of guard. The final deci- >
sion of the athletic committee, however,
has placed him on the professional list
and out of the game, at least for this
year. By application he may be able to
get back his amateur standing before an
other year.
The Injury which C. A. Prin' e. captain
of the Berkeley "eleven, received during
the Reliance game last Saturday will
keep him from the gridiron for at least
two weeks. His right knee Is badly
strained and the cords and muscle*
wrenched and bruised. The knee is in a
cast.
The thought of the loss of Prlngle would
be appalling to Berkeley, but he confi
dently expects to be out in two weeks at
least.
son of Captain John Christensen, or^e of
the most popular mariners on the Day.
Had he lived he would nave celebrated hl«
twenty-second birthday in December.
Young Christensen had served on the
Eliza Miller for the past three years, but
had followed the sea for nix. His father
¦was commander of the vessel, but did not
sail on her last trip.
TWO MEN SINK TO THEIR
DEATH IN HUMBOLDT BAY
Srecla.1 Dispatch to Tha Call.
EUREKA, Oct. 22.-John Christen
sen Jr., first mate of the schooner
Eliza Miller, and a young man
known here only as George, a
volunteer of the Spanish wai,
who recently returned from Manila, lost
their lives last night by the overturning
of a rowboat in HumboMt Bay. Accom
panied by Second Mate Iver Jenson of the
schooner Serena Thayer, they l»ft Eu
reka at 11:15 last night for Arcata to
board the vessels on which Mates Chris
tensen and Jenron were employed. The
ex-soldier was engaged to bring the boat
back to Eureka.
There was no wind when the party
pushed off from the slip and everything
went smoothly until they were about half
way to Arcata. Here a sudden squall
struck them, a heavy sea swept over the
stern of the double-ended Whitehall ami
the craft turned turtle before the occu
pants r-eaJized their danger. All. suc
ceeded in grasping the boat, but George,
the landsman, soon lost his hold on the
rolling craft and was seen no more.
Christensen maintained his grasp for
nearly an hour. Jensen, who is an ath
letic fellow weighing 225 pounds, assisted
his companion. A sudden roll of the boat
threw both men off and when jenson got
his head above water Chrlstensen was no
where to be seen. Worn out by his ef
forts, he probably sank at once.
Jenson again reached the boat and was
buffeted around in the darkness for two
hours, when he was washed up on the
mud flats. After bailing the boat, he tore
a board from the bottom of the craft for
a paddle and reached Eureka at 4:30 thl3
morning.
Mate Christensen was a son of Captain
John ChriPtenscn. the well-known coast
ing- skipper and owner of the vessel of
which his son was mate. Young Christen
sen was a native of San Francisco, aged
23 years, and unmarried. Nothing Is
known of the ex-soldier, except that he
recently came from Hartman's mill, t ort
Hragg. He is supposed to have been of
French-Spanish descent, his parents re
siding in New York.
The news of John Christensen's death
came as a shock to his parents, who re
side at 120S Dolores street. He was the
•
Mate Ghristensen of the Eliza Miller One
of the Victims of a Disaster.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1900.
4
producing acent or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors In San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply gold
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural te»th. 'and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. >*ull set of
teeth. $5; a perfect lit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. $3. Gold fillings^ Jl. Silver fill-
ings. 50c. All worlt «one by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years' experience. an.J
each department In char** of a specialist. Give
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly as
we adv«rtls#. We will tell you in advance ex-
actly what your work will cost by a FREE EX-
AMINATION.
DR. HALL'S fiEINYI00BAT08a?3Sgj
Five hundred reward for any ftj>| &5q
remedy "tops all losses In 34 hours, B ij
cures Emissions. Impotertcy, Varl- K3S JS3
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. FyJPl p*P1
Strictures, Lost Manhood and all liZLS llXJ
wasting effects of aelf-abuse or P L a
excesses. Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 weSbbuVI
bottles. $3: guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, SSS
Broadway Oakland. Cal. Also for sal* at 1073V*
Market St., S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
.OsV ¦ eni /C% Laflln At Rand Waterprt >f
d I |n| Hl." Smokeless Powder. In b\ iH
a GUI and loaded in shells. Send
I TS I Ifina tor catalogue of sporting
LJUny Poods. CEO. W. SHREVE
w^ " " 739 Market st.
,»c^^|3fe***^viH r«ni*<iy for Uonorrh.ea.
>MaB^CCHE»*Saiq Gl««t. 3p«tm»tc,rhiu,
«S5£Pla 1 to S i*»». Vl w hites « n n n a t o r a I dlj-
fltjragj osmatMd u charge*, or any inflarama-
fO no i u lurietor*. tion. Irritation or ulcera-
B* <f fttrtntt common, tioa of mucous arm-
¦fn%THlE«AHSCHEV*:c«lCa b™n*s. Xoa-a.itrio«rnt.
WAc:N::>mT:.3.K£3 s** 1 * 1 *» y i>".srri»ta,
VHfL b a. a jn&r° T ¦ent In plain wrapper,
* JMbL Ij&vI fc T «pre«9, prepaid, for
* |m - or 3 bottle*. J2.73.
U Circular sent on nquetf.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
The Carlsbad ot America. Is cow open for t&«
winter season. Address C. T. KOMIE, PaxaJso
BprlDj*. C«0. V
WINTER RESORTS.
Weafe Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
rreat Mexican remedy; gives health ana
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 333 Market.
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street.
SAN FRANClSCa
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND, Op.
BRANCH , SEATTLE. WASH
Specialists
Disease and weak-
ness of men. Es-
tablished 1SS1. Con-
sultation free.
7111 Market at,
(elevator entrance).
San Francisco.
<a co..
DR. MEYERS
v Th ! 7&Jj£S ys In thl8 country support
about 4,000,000 persons and their families. -
Price 25 cents. All druggists, or »ent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DB
FORD. 175 N. Sprine St.. Los Anselea. Cal.
Jf oasttroty cored by tfceao
little Pius.
Tncy also relieve Distress from Dyspecsfes
Indigestion aad Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect rantdy tor Dlzzfaesa. Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste to the Month, Coated Ton^ut
Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable
SrnaU PIIU . Small Dose,
. Y Smal! Price* 7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NoMore Bread of the Dental Chair
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our late sci-
entific method applied to the cums. So sleep-
Tne C hartes Street boys swet in the
Franklin lot—
Th U afternoon the Turk Streets *hst 1
bstagbts
; Dob Is the leader ot fh< Turk Street
1 crowd .
And Charfc* Street follow* Wlllto
" Dowd. I
' The let b to*n<3 too small far «J3 to
' ffetot, \
I S» &* awl Wmfe;«rm determine *
Tbcy ftgtrt t tear doaatlw bne rest
la doubt, until ytiuag Willie *bowa
tifetra*.
£¦3* Bobbie now, "Since Turk Sbeet
wtn« the day.
Perhaps you Charles Street chap* win
learn our tricky vraj*.
~We eat n-O each monlagt noon and
nl r nt{
ft makca a fdhrv mw | (lvcs Doackb
nerve and Client."
"As s RimiK of toy own cxputtocB> fsf
the past seven vears,
: I advUc my pupil* to eat
a larg* bowl ot tt-O - -.
.every morning for breakfart/*
' fjreL. tVk* Donovan,
Teacher of Boxing,
M.Y. Athletic Club.
W£LLMAN,PECK&C6!
SOLD AGENTS
t
T^'i' iiiii.ZZ. ..I .11 ..' ih'ii'™'"'*'i ' ' ' J|*J^"J^J^*"*"* MMM^^ | 1 '
Tbp\ Waterproof that's sure!
Bight years have
/0//rhfg>f9 demonstrated that
KX/iril O/ quality.
y # Hygienic and com-
(0f£)/Jf* fortable besides.
•; *^ CL*^ # Made by Buckingham
|. » & Hecht, at' $5 the
WlSVrl pair for men.
irVkFW VLA j No 6i , ed £j, kop rub _
V^ m . ber linings, .so un-r
3C0lIfi healthful to the feet.
; For sale only at
Seal KaSftS
I & &-* _ _ 738-MO Market St.,
I rin(|S*% 6AN FRANCISCO.
I •¦¦: .- v -^« JiW%*%#> Mall Orders' 'Filled..- Address
I : .' Department O. . ,
1- :¦ ;* ¦¦::-¦ -¦-¦•¦¦-¦•Jt ¦•:>•-¦¦¦•'¦ ¦:- ? ir-- : --JIt was not an audience, but a multitude,
that Jammed through the doors of the Al
hambra ¦ last --. evening : . to"' laugh -until the
buflding seemed to chuckle at the "howl
ing" situations- -in "Brown's* In Town."
Though the Monday nighters were out in
force many' were forced" to' take a back
seat, for the entire corps of employes of
the Emporium enjoyed their, annual rec
reatlon'at the expense of the Emporium
management at the theater.. Not only was
it the largest but the" 'happiest theater
party of the year; The Emporium man
agement, annually entertains Its employes.
Usually the entertainment Is in the nature
of a ball and banquet. This time a change
was suggested, and the majority of the
employes were happy atthe change; not
that- the banquets and balls were not al
ways enjoyable affairs,. but on this occa
sion the employes enjoyed -a more' than
hearty, laugh without having to work for
the result.
| As to the people on the stage, all are
equally clever. Maude Knowlton- has al
ready become a favorite with the people,
and Jessie Mae Hall, the petite and
sprightly, soubrette, not less so. • Fannie
Alhambra.
William H. West's minstrels were greet
ed with a crowded house at the California
Theater last night, showing that this clas3
of entertainment ha§ lost none of its pop
ularity. The audience was liberal in Its
applause, which was well deserved. It
would be difficult to find a better quartet
of vocalists than Richard J. Jose, with his
phenomenal voice; John P. Rodgers,
basso; Manuel Romatn, : tenor, and Wil
liam H. Hallett, barytone. Jose's rendi
tion of "Belle Brandon" was exquisitely
sweet; Rodgers' "Sentinel Asleep" was
sung with rare expressic-ii and' power;
Romain's "I Can't Tell. Why I Love You.
but I Do" was a gem and Hallett's "Tell
Me'" had : to be repeated.- The- Jokes and
songs of tho end. men had the merit of
being funny and new; at least most of
them were. In the second part the De
Elmar trio of eccentric acrobats; Ray
mond Teal and ' Charles Whalen 'In a few
diversifications; Billy Van, the monolog-.
1st; Waterbury Brothers and Tenney, mu
sical trio, and the Rio -Brothers in their
astonishing feats in midair were all ex
cellent-and closed- an entertainment that
should attract crowded - houses- for. the
balance of the week. > "
California.
To-night "Carmen" will be given to a
house already sold out. .
tellano) follows this, an adorable melody,
but Castellano's voice lacks- the tender
ness supremely necessary for it3 inter
pretation. His work is good, "his voice
has a wonderful strength considering, its
high pitch, but with its brilliance it lacks
depth and warmth, and the part calls for
Just those qualities In the singer. Nico
llnl has a good opportunity as Alvise Ba
doero and uses it fairly effectively.
Mldgley'3 songs also catch the public
favor. George Ebner's specialties Inter
spersed through the play round out the
little vacuums in this altogether enter
taining, laughable farce.
OTpheum.
This is a crackerjack week at the Or
pheum, and the programme is full of good
things in the musical and comic line.
Blanche Ring, the • descriptive vocalist,
has a sweet voice, a captivating manner
and a spontaneous and natural way of
singing. Her hits at Sacramento and
Stockton are hugely enjoyed by the audi
ence, just as the Los Angelenos will en
joy, her hits at San Francisco.
George Evans needs no write up to make
him famous. He has only to be seen and
heard. George is more than ordinarily
clever and his best business is done with
out effort. Merritt and Murdock, society
sketch artists do a bit of airy nonsense
In • the farce line that amused the audi
ence.
John W. World and Beatrice Hastings
in their original singing and dancing act,
"Keeping an Engagement," show that
thejr quality is fully up to the Orpheum
standard, Mr. World's imitations being
excellent. Les Frasetties are the best
couple In the musical line that have been
seen in this place of amusement for many
years, the lady producing a soft, sweet
tone of . the violin In the selection "II
Balen"~from "Trovatore." Von Suppe's
immortal "Poet and Peasant" overture,
played as a duet on the xylophone. Is ren
dered all- the more effective by the artistic
and i discreet accompaniment of Rosner's
orchestra. The hold-overs. Lizzie B. Ray
mond, Rauchle. Edgar Atchlson-Ely the
twin sisters Hale and Everhart, the hoop
Juggler, are as popular as ever.
' - "The Blue and the Gray," a war drama,
was. produced last evening at the Alta
Theater in the presence of a large and
appreciative audience by the E. J. Holden
stock company. The piece is well staged,
the camp scene in the third act eliciting
much applause from the spectators. Miss
Maud Miller as Ruth Peyton, the daughter
of the Confederate colonel, put considera
ble force in her acting. 'and her pleading
with her lover. Mark Stanley, enacted by
Clifford Dempsey, won the sympathy of
all. E. J. Holrlen as the rebel spy did
some clever acting In his sanctimonious
affectations, and the comedy element was
well carried out by Harry Rattenbury a."
the Irish corporal and George Nichols as
the old colored servant.
Fischer's Concert House.
Beatrice Franco, contralto, and Jose
Torres Ovando, barytone, both of the late
Azzall Opera Company, were heard In
solos at Fischer's Concert House last
night, and were warmly received by a
lanre audience. Both also sang duets
HOWARD HALL. THE ACTOR-AUTHOR. AS CAPTAIN GILBERT DE
MONTVILLE IN THE FOURTH ACT OF "A SOLDIER OF FORTUNE."
NOW BEING PRODUCED AT THE ALCAZAR THEATER.
Mamie Corrigan, the girl* who left her
parents' home, 207 Steiner street, last
Wednesday night, saying that she would
commit suicide, ia in the land of the liv
ing. Her mother telephoned to Captain
Seymour yesterday afternoon that she
had received a letter from her asking that
no further steps be taken to find her.
Mamie Corrigan Heard From.
The bazaar In connection with the Star
of the Sea Church, Richmond district, will
commence in the Native Sons' Hall on
Thursday, and will continue till Novem
ber 12. every day. Sundays excepted. Rev.
Father- Coyle reports that every prepara
tion has been made to make the affair a
success. The refreshment table will be a
prominent feature, but It will not be in
operation till Saturday.
Star of the Sea Bazaar.
George Comminos was granted a divorce
from Johanna Comminos yesterday on the
ground of desertion. Suits- for divorce
were filed yesterday by Mary Haubold
against John M. Haubold for cruelty:
Maria Rossi against Ferdinando Rossi for
cruelty; Adele Figg against Alvin P. Figg
for desertion; Eva Baiette against Albert
Balette for cruelty: Kmma L. Reyburn
against Louis A. Revburn for desertion,
and Marie A. Wackendorf against Carl
C. J. Wackendorf for failure to provide.
In the Itfvorce Court
Great interest is manifested in the com
ing explanatory recitals at the piano on
the "Nlbelungen Ring." to be given by
Walter Damrosch at the California Thea
ter, on the afternoons of Wednesday, Oc
tober 31, and Friday, Monday and Wednes
day. November 2, 5 and 7. The operas, in
the order named, will be "Das Rheln
gold," "Die Walkure," "Siegfried" and
"Die Gotterdammerung." The season salo
opened yesterday with an immense de
mand, and from present indications, when
the single reservations begin on Thursday
morning at 9 o'clock, all of the choice lo
cations will be pone.
The Damrosch Recitals.
Eddie J. Mack is still the feature of the
Olympia programme. The new bill is good
throughout and was well received last
night.
Olympia.
The Chutes offers a good bill this week.
Henderson and Evers appear In a novel
song and dance act, "Wise and Milton pre
sent a laughable burlesque on "Uncle
Tom's Cabin" and little Claire Fex has
some clever character impersonations.
Chutes.
with Antonio Vargas with pleasing effect.
To-nlsht Mr. Fischer's vocal galaxy will
be added- to in the persons of Cesare Al
lesandroni, also a barytone with the Az
zalis, and Sylvia Puerarl, the popular so^
prano. Lunette, the "hypnotic marvel,"
gave a pretty and puzzling performance,
and Walter and Lola Leon gave a grace
ful and daring aerial exhibition.
United States Circuit Judges Gilbert,
Ross and Morrow opened the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals yesterday
morning and adjourned until next Thurs
day morning.
'U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
United States General Appraiser Marion
<3e Vries. formerly Congressman from the
Sooond district, left New York Sunday
right -for this city. His visit is In connec
tion with the <1utW of -his new office.
Marion de Vries Coming.
The election of Joseph T. O'Connor as
Justice of the Peace insures a fair trial
for all who appear before him. •
E!iza Moran, widow of- the late Harri
son Moran, who at the time of .his death
was a member of the local Police Depart
ment, has sued the Board of Police Pen
tion Fund Commissioners to recover 11000.
¦the amount- of insurance held by the de
ceased In the defendant corporation.
Pension Board Sued.
A meeting of» the parishioners of St.
Peter's was held last' evening at St.
Peter's Hail to complete arrangements for
the lecture to be delivered by the Rev. P.
C. Yorke. Thursday night, at Metropoli
tan Ttmple.i for the -benefit of the im
provement' fvnd of St. -Peter's parish.
The title of the lecture is "The Priest in
Politics."
The demand for reserved seats has been
so large that the whole ground floor. of
the Temple has been set aside 1 for. such
tickets. Public interest in i the lecture Is
evidently great, and for many ; reasons.
The subject is one which Is rare!y dis
cussed . in public or from the platform,
though the particular examples of it form
the staple of much conversation, especial
ly at this season. Reserved seats are-hi»
iriB sold at'GUdea's. corner, of 'Market
street and Grant avenue.
FATHER YORKE TO TALK
ON PRIEST IN POLITICS
Lecture for Benefit of St. Peter's Par
ish Promises to Be a Great
Success.
The evening's procee<ilngs. There was an
address by Rev. A. P. Peck, who has
Just returned from the turbulent scenes
in China, on "The Kingdom of God as
Affected by Foreign Countries." His
address included his experiences with the
Chinese, principally before the time of
i he sieges, and the effect of Christianity
upon the yellow race. He told of one
man who, while not having professed
Christianity, refused to worship before
the Chinese gods and was killed by the
Boxers. He told also of the Christian
Chinese, who carried messages from the
l>eleaguered whites in Peking to the cuter
world, calling for aid and telling .of the
desperate straits in which the legations
w^re He told also of the experiences
of ~ missionaries in the various provinces
and of their progress in the spread of the
&C Dr Peck declared that the duty of the
outside world is to step In and assist In
regulating affairs in China. He believes
that the time -is ripe for the spread of
"Christianity and that the great mass of
the people of China are ready for it. It
Is a question of restoring the old or
inaugurating the new, he says, and all
China leans toward the new. In this the
Christian' nations, he believes, have a
duty and that duty is to assist in the
civilization of the Asiatic empire and to
spread the light of Christianity.
Rev. Mr. Robbins, who has recently re
turned from a missionary. tour In Alaska,
ppoke on the work In Alaska. He is au
enthusiast on th*» prospects north of the
circle and be spoke as one who has seen
and ioved the work among the icebergs
and the enow.
The nominating committee submitted a
report which was adopted, making the
following the officers of the Congrega
tional Club for the. coming year:
Pr**i<>nt. F. F. Barbour; first vice president,
Prot^Ur C. S. Nash. D.D.: second vice presi
dent. Kev. C. R- Brown: eecretary James K.
AKan auditor. E. E. Page: executive cemmit
,4-Profosi-or Charles H. Harnrn^ Rev. W . W.
MadRo- membership committee— C. Z. ftlerntt,
Rev. Philip Coombe. Samuel Foster. ,-»—¦-
The banquet was presided over by Rev.
Wlliam Itader.
Around the banquet beard in the Cali
fornia Hotel the Congregational min
isters of this city and vicinity met last
night and talked and ate and enjoyed
each other's company. There were close.
to fifty present, and bound together by
their church tie, they made a congenial
company.
Th«- banquet was but one Incident of
Club of San Francisco In Cali
fornia Hotel.
Monthly Session of Congregational
MET ROUND THE
BANQUET BOARD
But there \ was no demand for flgure
palntings of the classic school outside of
a few occasional orders for crucifixion
and station "work from the Roman Cath
olic churches and the artist waxed poorer
and poorer every day. In his prime he
had a fine tenor, robosto voice, was an ex
cellent musician and knew the tenor roles
of several Italian operas by heart. Had
he given up painting and taken to sing-
Ing he would have made a very comfort
able living, i _v J ¦-•-'¦- ;_V
Harrington spent several years in the
Transvaal in South Africa in the employ
ment of an English civil and mining en
gineering company and contracted a fever
that returned in his Inter years to assist
In the wreck of a ones powerful constitu
tion. Several of his Transvaal sketches
were published in The Call on the out
break of the present war between Eng
land and the Boers.
The -artist had a warm Irish heart and
was two generous and sympathetic for his
o'wn good. He despised conventionalities
and clung to the Bohemian mode of life
until the end. He was a native of County
Cork. Ireland, 59 years old. Gregory Har
rington of this city is his brother.
' Joseph • displayed so much talent for
drawing that Father Harrington sent him
to Rome for a five years' course In art
and when be returned to San Francisco
he stood at the head of the figure-paint
ers of this coast. It was his boast that
he could paint a nude human figure in any
position without the use of a model, so
thorough was his knowledge of anatomy
as that term is used by painters.
Joseph A. Harrington, artist and Bohe
mian, died In this city last Saturday after
a surgical operation. He was the favorita
brother of ' Rev. John- Harrington, who
was in the fifties pastor of St. Francis
Church on Vallejo street and who in the
sixties had charge of St. Mary's paro
chial school on the corner of Dupont and
California streets and afterward of St.
Mary's College.
pires From Surgical Operation,
Surrounded by Poverty.
joe HARRINGTON, ONCE
• CLEVER ARTIST, DIES
Bohemian Singer and Painter Ex-
"A SOLDIER OF THE EMPIRE"
WELL RECEIVED AT ALCAZAR
"La Gioconda" Is
Splendidly Ren
dered by Tivoli
Aggregation.
Orpheum Has Fine
Bill of Specialties.
The Alhambra Is
Crowded.
Ferrari has of course the Barnaba role,
and was loudly applauded for the delight
ful solo he slnsrs while in fisherman's dis
guise. And what a song it is! "What a
song, too, Is that with which Enzo (Cas-
. As to the singers— Frances Graham's
•work as the blind mother, "La Cleca,"
was the beat. She was a dignified and
touching figure and sang and acted the
part with utmost gracefulness. Nice
Barbareschl as "La Gioconda'* is "good,
but she is not overhappy in the role,
•which has by no means the spontaneous
air of her Alda, though her full, sweet
voice is always pleasant hearing.
Poletlnl Is a grateful Laura. She sang
and acted with much grace and sweet
ness.
L. DU PONT SYLE.
One of the most musically beautiful
works of the modern school of Italian
opera is certainly "La Gloconda" of Pon
chielli, which is being given at the Tivoli
Opera-house this week as an alternating
bill with "Carmen." The opera Is per
haps somewhat overlong, the plot too in
volved and complicated to . lend itself
gracefully to operatic handling, but the
luxuriance of the musical imagination of
the Italian maestro, his original and beau
tiful orchestration, .the wealth of melody
lavished upon "La Gloconda" — enough to
furnish a round half-dozen of the average
operas with ihe commodity— leave a rarely
satisfactory impression upon the ear.
The scenes, too, and situations are no
tably effective. The staging of the second
act. with a real, live moon climbing "with
slow and stately step the heavenly hills";
the old Venetian courtyard in the first
scene, with its gay carnival crowd of
pretty Punchinellos, Columbines, monks
and maskers; the ballroom picture, too,
with its tragic intermezzo of monks pray
ing with lit tapers over the dead Laura-
It's all very picturesque.
Tivoli.
As you think back over the course of
Mr. Hall's play you see that with labor
ious ingenuity he has packed Into it every
theatrical device known to the stagecraft
of ten years ago— the Unexpected Return,
the Overheard Conversation, the Man Bf
hlnd the Curtain, the Interrupted Ki?s,
the Comic Relief, the Good Characters ail
Very White and the 3ad Characters ail
Very Black. He has constructed what you
might call The Ideal Melodrama and ne
will have his reward. I hope he will not
be satisfied with it, but will attempt some
thing with a truer psychology and a less
conventional method.
Archer's famous definition of melo
drama—"Illogical tragedy, wherein the
hero is under the protection of special
providences, or rather of extra-special
providences." Captain Gilbert de Mont
ville (the soldier of the empire), should,
according to all laws of logic and reason,
have been 'killed several times in the
course of the play. He is not killed, but
lives to fell to earth two hireling soldier.?
and to toss into a millpond their wicked
major— all this to the immense delight
of the gallery, who rewarded the author
actor with three curtain calls. At this
gallery Mr. Hall's play is aimed, and
it . undoubtedly hits the intended mark
squarely. . If, therefore, you like this kind
of thing:, by all means go and see "A
Soldier of the Empire." It is a very mucJi
better piece of work than the English
melodrama, "The Great Ruby," which
held New York entranced for seven
months.
I don't know why one should come
away from, this perfectly conventional
piece of theatrlcallsm with a slight feel
ing of disappointment, unless it is, per?
haps, because Mr. Hall is such good a
actor that one » hoped to find him an
equally good playwright. That he Is not.
I suppose that Moliere's audiences had a
similar feeling, but for an exactly oppo
site reason.
Mr. Hall's support varied from good to
indifferent. In Miss Atwood the Alcaxar
really has an actress, and in Miss Stock
well a young lady who Is developing ii*o
one; Mr. Montaine is irreproachable, as
always, in emphasis and in point-making,
but Mr. Emery, in praiseworthy attempt
to make something: of an insignificant
part, overdid the matter. It Is quite im
possible that any sane man, so long aj
the law of gravity holds, could tumble
around as he did in the court-instruction
scene and there was no evidence last
night, except his actions, that gravitation
bad ceased to exert its usual force upon
the sun and the planets.
IN "A Soldier of the Empire," pro
duced at the Alcazar last night, Mr.
Howard Hall has , written a play
that, exactly corresponds to Mr.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 190O.
Alta.
5
Oi spe:ial sale *o-
;f, 12^0 yore's fli?
tra full, with >tyli<h
ids in s*m > material.
iie $1.75 qnality, spe-
ial saleTnejd""' r nlv...
$1.18
30 c Black
tateens, 18o.\
One of this se^o".*?
»st styles in B ac'»
'k Co'iaretteg, mad?
$1.75
Collarettes
for $1.i8.
Ladles' Shoe «na v K AAlVn.l'fe B V\ 1 f\ £! So!e A s- nt * f ir thlJ
foot o£ stairway HP rfi^»f^«^.»»f>».a» TK-m.-m^m. -*«» 8^ls5
leadlnsr to Ladies' ™ UOKMIiKmg IMTanr.
PariorT ***""" CALIFORNIA'S LARaESr-AJlERICA-i OR/.NDEST STOR* ClOVOS.
Vote for Thos. F. Graham for Judge of
the Superior Court. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
A 8p endid assortmfn of handsome
facsimile water co'or Medallions, oval
shape with fancy srold fram* and top
ornament, size 6x8 inches, mads to stand
or hang, regular y 50c each, on «o_r»
special sale to-day tn y *9&G
5Gc Medallions, 33c.
$1,00 Sated Dish, 59c.
A small lot of
iSsil^iS&iP*^^^ Chini Salad or
>r^£S*^f=^ B.rry Dih s, 10
V"\. vL '*?' $'jf inches across
">&OX ? ti<6//s . top, scallop edg«
with heavy stip-
p T ed goM border and a dainty spray of
flower decoration, worth $1x6, ___, o
to-day &20G
We have 350 yard« of 36-inch Back
Moire Silk Fin r sh Taffeta Skirt Lininp.
the beat 20c grade, a special purcht^e
which we offer for to-diy — Tae3^av —
per yard 14o
Sale Holiday Packages
Pert umss and Soaps,
Bought from Kirk & Co. at, a little
more than half their real vilue, 50^
handsomely deco-ated bcxea. fastened
with silk cord ar.d ribbon and containing
a bottle of hi h grade perf ;me and a
cake of very fins eoap. a package tha t
retails regn'arly at 50c. <n spe-
cial sale to-day on y *9.C
2Oc Skirt Lining, 14o,
Another sir all lot of Ro^orsi Bros/
4 1847" Spoons ja?t arrived, all fancy pst-
tercs toaghu at a price which enab!tvt
m to offer thsin to-day at Iea3 fian half
their real worth:
6) sets tab espoons, to-day, sat of 6..
$1.33
48 »eta snail s:za table or denser":
3jo m, to diy. set of 6 S1*3I
24 Fe'.s b ack-coffee spoons, to-dav. aat
of 6 77O
, Silverware Department— Rotunda.
Sale of Spoons.
A st'on^. srv r ceihe rack, solid oak.
po ished back w th six argedoub ?> hook*
— can hrns n has an> coat o 1^ each hook
—worth lie each, speciil to- _-. _-_
day. 49C
Hat and Coat -
Rack for 49o.
Ladies' Shoes, — .^___
$1,17. '^~~7
Th • e ?tv i h. g ol w?nr n j I I
Djngola Kid Eutton Shoes. I -«J /
iGooJyear wit s>!es, pat-y *«J \
*nt leather tits. \vl %'.iz% / S\
3 to 7, (D si'e // ' yST /d)
Tuesday en y ¦ / fi£~\tf^\
$1.17 t^CZs
ported B'ack Sat-
eens, in rich bro
caded woven fisru-p*. warranted « «
fast color, worth 30c y»rd . «OC
Cl
he
Si
I :^^I^|^V'JV '¦¦;_¦_________ BB I ¦¦II 1 1 ' *
• * • * V •*_#_» l _7?^5f> *&£* • t*c^"^^ « • •• * *^^3^^^^^^^^^ . *?
I II! %Ji:f (^k»* m \ V T|l ! E BES T j
-MM V\ V % # ii
r^\\^^^^M^^^'j$0^!i^m^^ m - ¦ ¦¦•••!
1 * "H does *• w ° rk ">y ""sole used to do." ij
• . XI / -i--'** .M'^^^2ff|j5t_j_?^_d-\^^^P.%?. : With Gold Dust you can do the cleaning '••
I : *V%.- V • '^^i&SS^^S^^"'\^^^' about the house -in half the time, at ?•
!' J^*^ii^H^^ : "Housework is hard work without fiold Dual." ;j
_3_G__ir '''-illi^iSM^ 1 ' ' ri^^^^^^_SSBjl___j|^'- w ' '•• '^SBffiJWBBBI^P^F^^ ' * ' ¦
OIL INVESTORS,
BEWARE!
Do your business through a Govern-
ment Licenced Broker.
There are fortunes beinsr made in
California oil stocks. Why not make
yours?
There are some; stocks that are better
than others. We are willing to post
you.
Write for Market Letter.
James R. T. Mershon,
Oil Land and Stockbroker, rooms 5.17-
538-539 Parrott Building. S. R. Cal.
Promoter of the MONARCH OIL. COMPANT
of Arlxona. the LIOM OIL CO. of Arizona.
PRUDENTIAL. OIL. CO. of Arizona and the
J. S. POTTS OIL, LAND AND DEVELOP-
MENT CO.. all located In the Sunset District.
Kern County.
WHEN CALLIN6 UPON A LAOY
you will always Inspire her respect by
having your ltnen Immaculate and In per-
fect order. It Is a mark of good breeding
that she never falls to appreciate. You
can make no mistake by bringing your
shirts, collars, cuffs or underwear to this
laundry, as they are sure to leave It In
the acme of perfection In color, condition
and freshness.
. Domestic finish for full dress shirt* If
you order it.
No saw edges. _____
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— Q2 San Pablo Ave.
RUPTURE CURED.
When we gay "rnrtare cared" w« mean it.
for It !• a fact that during the past 20 years
DR. PIERCE" 8 MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRCSa
has CURED thousands of cases. Nothlnz els*
like It. Best retainer made. Jt does th* work.
Investigate for yourself. (7 Call for "Book-
let No. V or tend 3 cents la stamps. Ad*
drat:
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
6SO Market Street. San Francisco.
Or 1145 Broadway. New Tork City.
P JgATENTsf i)
\*SS3?h MARKET~bTrs7^S^
ft I PP T\ f\\l I I Comer Fourth an<J
valises checked fre*
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak men and women strong and strong
men and women stronger. Rooms • aad (. 41
Post st.. San Francisco. CaL
Hitchcock School,
SAN RAFAEL. CAL..
FOR YOUiNG MEN AND BOYS.
B«p«rat» w ~""n Ujmcasiusa. Military Drill,
- Bto.
CHRISTY Aft TERM BEOIN9 ACQTT3T HTB.
I *VRV. C HITCHCOCK. Frtaet9*L
• -^^
I When a cheerful, brave and light-hearted woman is sud-
denly plunged into that perfection of misery, the blues, it is
a sad picture.
i It is usually this way :
1 She has been feeling OA"t of sorts for some time, experi-
encing severe headache a /id backache; sleeps very poorly
and is exceedingly nervous.
Sometime? she is nearly overcome by faintness, dizzi-
ness, and palpitation of the heart ; then that bearing-down
feeling is dreadfully wearing.
Her husband says, "Now, don't get the blues ! You will
be all right after you have taken the doctor's medicine."
But she does not get all right. She grows worse day by
day, until all at once she realizes that a distressing female
complaint is established.
Her doctor has made a mistake.
She loses faith ; hope vanishes ; then comes the morbid,
melancholy everlasting blues. She should have been told
just what the trouble was, but probably she withheld some
information from the doctor, who, therefore, is unable to
accurately locate her particular illness.
- ?^' Pipkhan* has relieved thousands of women from
lust this kind of trouble, and now retains their grateful
letters in her library as proof of the great assistance she has
rendered them. This same * assistance awaits every sick
woman in the land.
|| >fajk || Mrs. Winifred AHender's Letter.
jM^^%s^__ " Tte** MRS- PnmiAM:- 1 feel it my duty to write
> f4y*&S&Z?AS5^\ and tel1 - vou °* the Denen "t I have received from vour
rS^-S^vag^ vronderful remedies. Before taking Lydla E. Pink-
: £js*5|tfi* SP^^Q3 ham's Vegetable Compound, 1 was a misery to my-
wSgSggr r seIf and ever T OQ e around me. I suffered "terrible
i YJ^Z&f' -/¦*""•», g£> pain in my back, head, and ri>ht side, was very
• Y^v -^jp \& nervous, would cry for hours. Menses would appear
i y* VJ sometimes in two weeks, then again not for three
Ch^ **V* / or * our months. I was so tired and weak, could not
Xi »<£* / sleep nig-hts, sharp pains would dart through my
: "•> I^S^ ~ J heart that would almost cause me to fall.
xif, V- 3 *33K!^rJ " My mother coaxed me to try Lvdia E. Tinkham's
[ ' Y$ffi*V&&¥®2$$ Vegetable Compound. I had no" faith in it, but to
Stfi*^»TO SraSS Please her I did so.- The first bottle helped me so
jar Kyi *¦_ \ ' ~1 £ t^va much that I continued its use. I am now well and
i MRVWMFUct AUCNCtR weijrb. more than I ever did in my life." — MBS
I 1 'I WINIFRED ALLESDER, Farmin^ton,IlL '
${3Z3 £S5k /S$i /3A El C \AJ IDn Oving to the fact ihat some skeptical
BSK I 9 m H ¦•¦ilff^llll the genusneneM of the testimonial letters
«M tl b Si B n j -i-i ' ' .:.' . „ , "* ut conitantly publishing:, we have
- ISiiiilii de J?°t ltW ',,'^ h *£. Natbn al City Bank, of L>nn, Mali. $ 5 ,ooo,
SR IJ til \ whl f h P* 14 to "7 PC?*"* who can skw that the iUve
* ¥ l»3r 1M» testimonial is not jrenuine, W was published brfon: obtainin* the
-^BF wnter s special permission.— Lvdia K. Pikkbam Medicine Co.The young woman who jumped into the bay Sun
day morning and went to the theater in the evening
has adopted a routine of daily life somewhat too spec^
tacular to be^popular.
« =One of our local' police courts has become the field
of operations' for pickpockets.. ; It is perhaps natural
for the. thieving fraternity to. seek a congenial atmos
oliAre. - •-- ¦ • '
ability to tell the truth.
The "original" Republicans of Oakland, who hap
pen to be Populists, must think r ,that their "original
ity" as Republicans consists in their too evident-in-
The tramp who chose a va'ult in one of our grave
yards for a' deeping abode very probably has not that
respect for the dead which takes into consideration
their inability to protest.
Prince David of Hawaii is running for Congress on
the Democratic ticket. A, sense of propriety might
suggest to the Prince that/if only for campaign pur
poses, he ought to change his name.
John H.,Holt, the Democratic nominee for Gov
ernor of West Virginia, who sings ragtime, dances
cakewalks, fiddles jigs and bakes dumplings in hi3
campaign, must think that he has been chosen chief
buffoon in an itinerant circus.
CONTRASTED ELECTION MANNERS.
SIDNEY BROOKS, a correspondent of the
London Chronicle, has contributed to that
journal an elaborate article upon American
election, manners as contrasted with those that pre
vail in Great Britain, and, while giving judgment in
our favor in most respects, concludes that our very
excellence gives rise to certain campaigning tactics
much below the level of anything possible in the old
ccustry- The article is fair in spirit and sufficiently
pertinent to the present canvass to be generally inter
esting.
Mr. Brooks first notes that the British pretension to
the honor of being the people who give the largest
amount of fair play and free speech in elections is
false. Speaking of contests in England he says:
"Every election sees a goodly percentage of heads
broken, platforms stormed, speakers hcwled down and
meetings turned into riots. The present campaign
has been no exception. At Oldham, Battersca and
Northampton, the spirit that was behind the cab
bages and rotten eggs and dead cats that used to come
flying like bewildering meteors round the candidate's
head in the good old hustings days is still alive and
operative. It has changed its form of expression
somewhat, but its essence is still the same."
No such tumults and assaults attend American
election;. The incident of the outbreak in a Colo
rado mining town against Roosevelt was a thing so
rare in our politics that it aroused universal condem
nation. : Similar affairs occur in England in every
hotly contested district So frequent are they that
they arc regarded as the normal incidents of a cam
paign, and unless serious injuries result from them
hardly any condemnation is heard.
Mr. Brooks has much to say of the orderliness of
our political crowds." He was in the United States
during the campaign of 1896, and in speaking of it he
says: "The excitement of it was greater than at the
bitterest moments of the fight for home rule, and for
fcur solid months the most ingenious campaign man
agers in the world tfsed every conceivable artifice to
keep it up to boiling point. Not a stimulus to passion
and even violence was wanting. In point of invective
the country was a magnified Ulster;, the smallest vil
lage had. its Bryan and McKinley clubs, its parades
and torchlight processions, its mass meetings and it3
rival wirepullers to 'boom things right along.' Yet
whenever I traveled along the Atlantic coastline or
2000 miles inlandtf found that speakers were listened
to as courteously and meetings conducted as free from
interruption ' as though nothing of greater moment
were at hand than a gathering in aid of some local
charity."
After describing, how quietly American political
audiences listen to the speaker and how promptly any
one who interrupts is silenced, or put out of the hall,
Mr. Brooks goes on to offer an explanation of the
marked difference in that respect between the two
peoples. He says: "Partly, no doubt,; it comes from
the American love of doing things according to rule
and regulation, of always observing the" letter; even
when they neglect the spirit, of Uic game they arc
playing. That, indeed, is the only thing that saves
their complex electoral machinery from l hopeless en
tanglement. Americans, too, are said to be an irrevc
rential people, but they dearly worship a majority.
In a company of six you have only to "show an i Ameri.-
THE FIGHT IN Thj£ THIRD DISTRICT.
I ROM all reports that come to us it appears
{ fairly certain the Republicans will control the
next Hoc«e of Representatives, but the majority
will be small. It is therefore important that the fight
in each Congressional district be made with untiring
vigilance and vigor. That is true of districts ac
counted safe as well as of those where the results are,
doubtful. The danger of overconndence threatens
the Republican party at almost every point along the
line, but nowhere is that danger greater than in those
Congressional districts where every one feels sure of
winning.
In the Third Congressional District Mr.* Metcalf
has something like a walkover. The district is Re
publican, and Mr. Metcalfs personal popularity and
his record in the House of Representatives are such
is to give the assurance that he will have in addition
to (he full Republican vote the cordial support of
manj independent voters. Every prospect for his re
election is therefore bright. The only cloud that rests
upon it is the probability that many voters may be
so sure ofjiis election they will not put themselves to
the trouble of exerting themselves to accomplish it.
California ought to send a solid Republican dele
gation to Congrefs at this election. The administra
tion and the House are to be Republican, and it will
he of ad\-antage to each constituency to have its rep
resentative at the capital in harmony with the govern
ing powers. Why should any California district send
to Congress a man whose whole energies will be de
voted to the barren work of opposition to everything
undertaken for the advancement of national prosper
ity? Why not send a man who will be a helper and
a leader in the advance movement, atyj who, by aid
ing others to promote the welfare of their constitu
ents, will have support in turn upon all measures de
signed to promote the progress of California?
Mr. Met calf has been tried in office. He has made
his mark there. His personal influence with the pres
ent House is strong, and it will be stronger in the
next. He has won the commendation of Speaker
Henderson and is sure of assignment to important
committees. By retaining him in office the people of
the Third District will materially benefit themselves
and help to augment the prestige of California at the
rational capital.
CJLLXFOILNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHIXGTON*. Oct. r.-Mrs. M. Shun
ter. Miss Amy Shuster and F. Shusrer o*
San Francisco are at the Shoreham. K.
J. Fau^t and William • Grant of San
Francisco are at the Raleigh. L. E.
Hlckok of* Los Angeles. Is. at the St.
James. J. R.* Maxwell and wife of Oak
land Is at the National.
SOLDIER'S VOTE— N.. City. A sol
dier does not gain or lose a residence by
reason ;by: being in the service of the
United States; But a soldier who enlisted
in^the State of New; York, was sent to
this city : and remained ] at the ' post for a
time sufficient to gain a residence in Cali
fornia.-would .be at liberty to change his
residence and he could be registered so as
to enable him to vote. .Again; if a soldier
enlisted ¦ in ? San Francisco,-, was sent : with
his company to an adjacent State and
he was'granted a*furlongh to friable him
to come back : 10 'San Francisco." he could
vote; providing he ;. was ; enrolled • oh ; the
register prior to the date of the closing of
r^uristratlon.' ' ¦ • '
BETTING OX ELECTION— A. O. S.,
City. The Penal Cod.e of California on the
subject-, of betting on election says:
"Every perpon who .makes, . offers or ac
cepts any bet or wager *upon. the result
of any' election, or upon the success or
failure of any person or candidate or upon
the number, of -votes to be cast, either In
the aggregate or for any particular, can
didate, or. upon the vote to be cast for any
candidate; is ; guilty -- of a misdemeanor.
A, misdemeanor.- when no specific penalty
is provided In the law. is punishable by a
fine not r exceeding $500, or by Imprison
ment not exceeding six months, or both.
THE CENSUS-S. V. S.. City., The
Census- Department for 1S0Q has not' yet
given out the figures as to the cities
named 'in the letter of inquiry. It had
been announced that within a week or two
it will give the population of all cities
havings over 10.000 inhabitants and when
that list is furnished it will appear In The
Call..- ¦-;."¦ ¦¦¦ . " ¦;¦."-¦¦ -'-•7 ¦:.:.'
RELIGIOUS WAR— N. N.. City. The
*tory to the effect that the Sultan of Tur
key could start a religious war with 3.000,
000 Mohammedans in the Phllpplne Islands
against the United States is without
foundation. In the first place the Mo
hammedan population . of the islands does
rot exceed 30,000.
FIVE-DOLLAR PIECE— A Subscriber.
Truckce. Cal. If the five-dollar piece of
1S34 Inquired about hrws on the reverse the
legend "E Pluribus Unum." It commands
a premium of from Jl to $2: if it has not
such legend.lt does not 'command any pre
mium. < • "
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
cisco — X. Kohn and Dr. Bosford are at tha
Sinclair: H. H. Ellis Is at the St. George:
W. E. Hall Is at the Morton; H. HanUn.
II. JaE5s, E. Jar.fs and P. J. Janss are at
the Gerald; H. R. JJprnan is at the Her
ald Square; T. McGhe* Is at the HoBmaa;
L. R. Mead U at the Holland; R. E. Miller
and wife are at the Gtrald; C. Promis is
at the Everett: F. T. Scea ts at the Im
perial; A. S. Sherabacfter is at the Plaza:
H. G. Smith Is at th« Gerald; S. Sol U aA
the Westminster; J. Sielnb*rg*r Is at tha
Imperial; L. S. Vassa^lt is at the Sturie
vant; D. C. Weil ani wife are at in©
Gerald: E. G. Wheeler 13 at the Navarre;
A. X. Brown is at the Herald Sooaxe; E.
H. Evans and wife are at the St. Dents;
E. Dreyfus is at the Cadillac; J. ilells tj
at the Criterion.
From "Los 'Angeles — W. C. HcQuiUen l»
at the Manhattan; Miss E. J. Snivel ey ia
at the St. Denis; E. Sisgleton Is at tha
Savoy.
From Oakland— W. Gillette is at tha
Manhattan: A. Brown is at the Hoffman.
C. H. Taft of Peialutaa Is at the Broai
way Central. G. P. Reynolds cf Alameua
is at the Imperial. F. M. SfcMeier of Eu
reka Is at the Grand Union.
Andrew Clur.le. California's Insurance
Commissioner, left for San Francisco Sat
urday, intending: to stop a day or two la
Chicago.
C A T.TFOB2fIA3fS IX 2TEW YOBS.
NEW TOP.K. Oct. 21— From Saa Frar.-
ANOTHER VIEW OF THE ARMY CANTEEN.
EDITOR Call: I was very glad to notice In your eiUtorlal en "Prohibi
tion on the Road," in. your issue of October 3, some very pleasant
words, as, "Prohibitionists deserve respect." and again of Woollev*s
remarkable and startling- campaign. "His crowds equal Bryan's at the
stations and enthusiasm 13 by no means absent." However, in the
leading Republican paper of the State, one that stands fcr cleanliness and
fair play and . which enters so many temperance and prohibition home*,
something additional should be said. It is not necessary for a great Journal
In supporting an administration to claim that every act of that administra
tion nas been the wisest and best possible. Such a claim weakens rather
than strengthens such support. The most grievous mistake of the present
administration is its toleration of liquor selling in the tropical Philippines to
soldier beys away from all home restraints. We are sorry to see The Call put
up any defense of the army . canteen.
President Schurman In his report condemns it and says that It (the
saloon) has "hurt the Americans more than. any thing- else." The army
canteen ia simply an ordinary beer" saloon, and whisky can be bought by the
bottle In most of them by either soldiers or citizens. This has been abun
dantly proved by men who have bought whisky with no -difficulty In many
tit them. John G. Woolley is not an "evangelist ol woe." Xelther he nor
any other intelligent Prohibitionist believes that "men can be* made temper
ate by ooercion." Because The Call opposes licensing prostitution in San
Francisco is It advocating making mnn and women chaste "by coercion"?
This charge of attempting 1 to make people "temperate by law** Is a carica
ture of Prohibition doctrine. If the Call means ¦ when It says the people of
Maine are "as far from being total abstainers as the dry citizens of Arizona"
that th*re i3 as much. liquor-drinking in Maine as there is in Arizona, why.
The Call Is simply mistaken. We still fail to see how a boy from 17 to ;*
years of age Is prevented from drinking Filipino whisky by first drinking
American beer In the canteen. "We are not prepared to discuss the relative
virtues of Filipino and American liquors, but we do know that tha American
soldier boy had better get along without either. If the officers of the army
did their duty the soldier boys would not be shut up to the choice of beer
or '"slough water." This Is too often the case, notwithstanding the wate-
dlstllling apparatus which might supply every boy on tha flrlng lino with
pure water.
We are very sorry to see The Call come out in -defense of the army can
teen. It Is a very recent position for the administration and administra
tion papers to take that the beer saloon is a temperance agency, especially
for soldier boys in the tropics. I sincerely hope I have misunderstood The
Call's position and that it will yet take its stand in favor of abolishing the
army grogshop. , s. P. MEAD 3
Oakland High School, Oakland, October 22, 1900.
Southern Pacific lawyers are nothing if not unique
in their logic. Because a public pledge has been given
to remove the death :>i!s of the company in the Mis
sion the attorneys argue that the city has pledged it
self to inactivity. The same argument would give
license to murder because a protest against murder
had been made.
WiLLIAM P. LAV.LOR.
It is against public policy and the general pood to
rrake frequent changes upon the bench. When a
community has found a just Judge it should net set
him aside out of mere capriciousr.css of choice. Good
Judges are rot fo common that San Francisco can
afford to reject one of such rr.erif ss William P. Law
ior. On the bench, i$ in other walks in life, exp;
nence coanti for ranch. By the very duties of the of
fice the rr.en who hold it grow into a judicial habit of
thought, if they be men of integrity; but, if not, they
become the tools of corporation*, the dispensers of
favors to their favorites, and a source of corruption in
the very tcrrsple of justice itself. Men of broad minds,
oi firm impartiality, of derp learning in law and of a
disposition to do exact justice to all are needed upon
our bench. Judge I-airlor is such a man. He has
given proof of it under the test of arduous service.
Let him be rc-ekcted by the votes of nil good citi-
In t£e present contest not a sirgle valid objection
o>n be mide to hi* re-election.. The members of the
bar. vrhsjndge him by professional standards, and the
public, that judges by the general integrity of his con
dvct. unite in commencing him.
When Judge Lawior was appointed to his present
j-csition ihe act met with some criticism — not that any
cr.e di?p*-tcd tht integrity of the man or his sbflity
as a lawyer, but he had never held a judicial position,
and some felt doubtful of his success in it. By reason
of that feeling the course of Judge Lawior has been
subjected to ihe closest scrutiny. He has been tried
by every standard by which the bar and the public
mra?ures judicial officers, and in no instance has he
fallen below the dignity or the responsibilities o: the
O SdOKG the candidates for judicial o5ce in this
f~~\ county meriting the support of all citizens
* * who recognize the importance to the comniu
nity of an impartial ar.d upright judiciary is Judge
Wi^iarn P. Lawlcr. He hzs been tried in oSce and
Lten found worthy. In coming before the people for
re-election he needs no other commendation to intel
ligent rr.en than the record he has made on the bench.
Under such circumstances it is a waste of time and
energy for the Bryanites to continue the 'campaign,
except in the case of those who are working now to
make a reputation for p3rty service that will give them
a claim upon the party for reward hereafter. Men who
expect to get nominations for Congress or seats in
the United States Senate, or some other office" in the
future, may go on with the fight, but those who have
no other thought than that of advancing the cause
of Bryan or of free silver or of free trade might as
well go home and stay there. .
Letters of a similar purport come from men of all
parties, of all shades of opinion in all parts of the
country. There remain in the Bryan coiumn none
but free traders, free silverites, socialists, the discon
tented and such old Democrats; as are too subject to
partisan feelings to follow even their own reason
when it leads them away from the Democratic name.
Among the men who have been stanchest in re
fusing tp follow Bryan on his new career have been
many of the conservative Democrats who repudiated
his nomination four years ago. For example, Rear
Admiral Belknap has stated ia a recent letter: "In
my judgment the questions that confront the country
most distinctively and mqst menacingly to-day are
those affecting the stability of the currency and the
integrity of the courts. It is idle to say that such
questions have now been relegated to the contentions
cf the past, in vie* 1 of the fact that the '16 to i' and
'government by injunction' heresies, adopted by the
Chicago convention of 1896, were insisted upon by
Mr. Bryan with imperial strenuousness and'reafBrmed
in submission to his imperious demand by the Kansas
City convention of the current year. The tumultu
ous beatings of the tom-toms of alleged imperialism
have but a hollow sound; they but, strike notes of
! simulated distress of no more resounding force than
the confined clangings of the alarm bells of the scenic
stage. To suppose, indeed, that Congress,- changed
in its membership every two years, and holding ths
purse and therefore the sword of the nation, would
ever permit a policy of real imperialism to be pursued
in any direction by the executive, is to discredit the
common intelligence, good sense, strong fiber and
resolute will of this people. Wherefore, in view of
such considerations as they appear to me, and others
I might name and more at length. I propose, as an
old-fashioned. Democrat, to vote next month for the
Republican Electors, as I did vote, for such Electors
four years ago. Whatever other Democrats of the
old faith may think or dp, such seems to me the best
course to pursue at this juncture."
f.li OLD-FASHIONED DEMOCRAT.
ONE of the notable features of the campaign has
been the complete failure of the Bryanites to
induce the people to accept imperialism as the
chief issue of the contest- A few men of many vaga
ries and of uncertain political equilibrium like Schurz
and Bourke Cockran have helped to swell the clamor
against the Philippine policy of the administration,
but the great mass of those who are sincerely op
posed to that policy agree with Senator Hoar that
the foreign as well as the domestic policy of the
country will be safer in the bands of McKinley than
of Bryan — that upon that as upon other questions it
is wiser to trust the Republican than the Democratic
party.
The legislator who accepts a bribe for his influence
and his vote ought to find it difficult to bribe electors
for the votes *hich will give him a chance to repeat
the offense. The voters of the Forty-fiist Assembly
District have a duty to perform.
PERSONAL MENTION.
C 5. Browne, city ticket agent tor tha
Denver and Rio Grande at Colorado
Springs, 13 spending a few days ia this
city.
Frank Greatzer has returned from
Nome, where he has some large mln!c£
interests. He la stopping- at the Grar. !
"W. M. Breckenrtdge, a prominent of
ficial at Tucson, is In the city for a few
days and«is staying at the Grani
• The Rev. T. F. Dermody cf Sacramento
and tha Rev. F. H. Denaody of. Grass
Valley are registered at the Lick.
A. W. Simpson and wife of Stockton
are at the Occidental. Mr. Slzt. psor. la a
large lumber man.
E. Smith and F. T. SutlverlaiiJ, promi
nent Denver mining men. are stopping at
the Palace.
E. P. Dunn of £^nta Barbara, proprietor
of the Hotel Arlinstcn, Is stepping at the
Grand.
J. H. Henry of San Jose, a Democratic
aspirant for political recognition, is at the
Csillfonua.
Dr. J. W. Farrlngtcn of Blsbe* la at tha
Grand.
Dr. W. N. Tesney of Liscols, Cal, '.i at
the Lick.
Kor_ E. C Hart of Sacramento Is at
the Grand. T »*
. J. F. Clapp. a Chicago raining man, ts
at th« Grand.
George Dana, a Cincinnati merchant, la
at the Palace.
Former Jod^e S. F. GeH of Salinas City
Is at the Occidental.
E. L. Sanford, a Coming hotel man. Is
stopping at the L'ck.
- Charles H. Ir.rhar. of Mar.r.hester. Ens
land, is at the CaHforala.
M. Biggs Jr. of Orovffle. an extensive
land owner. Is at the Grand. ¦
B. F. Brooks, a BaJcersseld cil ca.1.
is registered at the Palace.
D. C. Demorest, a mining isaa from
Ac^els Camp. Is at the Lick.
Major W. A. Thurston of the United
States armv is at the Palace.
H. A. Kurlbut. a merchant at IJew
York, acd wife are at the Palace.
E. Marre cf Jackson, a lar?e who:e«ale
12-ruor dealer. Is Etoppins at the I.I • s.
H. "W. Child, a mining "»"' from Hel
ena, Mont., is registered at the Palace..
Santa. Rosa, CaL, October 20, 1»X>.
would It be? I am Induced to believe from
his methods and utterances that his ad
ministration would most likely be Popu
listic. But no one can fell now what It
would be.
The "paramount issue" and Its twin
"militarism" are to my mind the veriest
of humbugs, absolutely unjustified by any
rational apprehension.
His foreign policy, if loglcaJ with what
he now says, would sacrifice what we
have gained in the last two years asd
would relegate us to the nerveless policy
of the past— a policy justly contemptible
In the eyes of the world. An American
is as good as any man and has as much,
right as any to all the opportunities, of
earth. This nation is a part of a world
that does net live by the Golden Rule; a
world in which one has to be prepared
and disposed to assert his rights and de
fend them; a world in which If one cheek
is slapped and we turn the other. It. too.
will be slapped and a kick thrown in for
good measure. This nation should nave
an administration that looks with a prac
tical eye to the best interests of America,
and one that will have the common sense
to deal with men and nations as they can
practically b« dealt with. .
It is the duty of every American to vote
la accordance with his best convictions,
independently of what has been his past
party a filiation, for otherwise we become
sla\'es . to a mere organization, and I can
conceive of no danger to our Institutions
greater than that. When a citixen loses
fals senee of personal political duty he
makes the boss possible and destroys that
which alone can keep alive free institu
tions. JAMES W. OATES.
BRYAN'S DEFEAT URGED BY
THIS LIFELONG FOLLOWER
OF DEMOCRACY.
TUESDAY OCTOBER 23, i9?>
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Prsprietnr.
Addrers *'i CcRtmsnieattORs to '«'/. S. LE*KE. VaBjKger.
niXACER-* CFFICH Telfphoae Pr«*»« J^ |
PI°BUCAT1O\ OF-KICi: Mcrkrt »¦< Third. S. J*. j
Trlrpbonr Pre»» 2O1.
HDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 231 5t*T««ion St. |
Trlrpboor Pren 2O2
*In»Ie roplr«. 5 C«-«t«.
Tr-rma. hy "ail. iBelndinx Poatacet
TA^-T rAli >iz.'.l-z'Jzx c^rdir). cr* rear -W-* 3 {
r>AII-T CXL.L flsclisilr* 5r^=aUr». C =»=iis *- w i
r>ATI-T CAii^ <isrfnia» £==£*r>. 3 =o=^h» l-» i
DAILT CAJJ>-Er aad* Mc=tl» C*:
EOTDAT CAI-U Ooc T»*r l-» {
¦R-ZKf:L.T CAiZ-. Oe* T»*r l-« |
All petiBUlrn «r^ «Btb»ri*ed to recetv«
¦obarrlptions.'
2SaU tr1bccrrs»r» la ert«1&» ciatrjf* cf s£Sreas rhccVS t« I
rtracsiaj' t» c^* «>=rti SSV AST> OLD ADDRESS S3 ori-r {
•i inure j:; jg.-t is.a «y.rr*-^t cctr^::»=.c« wilt tb*lr r««j3»«t. j
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Bro«dw»r i
_C GEORGE KROG5TE55.
Vt-t-er ?c--« r-. i- .?-. -. rg. »/t's-«tte E-ild:-^, Chic»go.
r^tst r.riir« T*:*rhoM ~C5e=tr»l JC^.")
TC7.K COBBESPOXPCgT:
C. C. CABLTO\ Herald Sqaare j
T-ITv* IUn£ Xir-r'xit--^£*-» - ATI *TK.
5TEPHE3T B. SMITH SO Tribune Building j
N'ETW TCRX NE7TS rrA?»*r>E:
TTaliTrf-AKtcr^. Her*:; A. Er*ri*=o, a Tnlcn Bqatje; j
He has accepted the nomination of
three distinct parties that have only two
things in common — free silver and oppoel
tlon to expansion— and which as to all
other Issues and In their fundamental
principles are sharply at war with each
other. If he should be elected he could
not at the same time give us a Demo
cratic administration, a silver Republican
administration and a Popullstic adminis
tration. He could give us one that would
be Democratic, or Populistic or silver Re
publican; or he could give us one that
would be a blend of 'all three. Which
He advocates a crusade against what he
Is pleased to term "government by Injunc
tion," which In its* essence is an assault
upon any government -that seeks to pro
tect life, liberty and property; It seeks to
strike down the necessary power of courts
and is a contention unworthy of Mr.
Bryan's high ideals. '¦> il
His position as to those islands gives aid
and encouragement to the fellows engaged
in shooting American soldiers. If I had
no other objection to him, for this I would
not support him. ¦
Judging from the tone of his speeches
he hae not a proper regard for the busi
ness interests of this nation.
He Is an academic doctrinaire and not a
statesman.
He advocate^ the ratification of the
treaty of Paris and is now trying to at
tain power and place by an unwise oppo
sition to the logical and necessary results
of that treaty.
He would have us extend a protectorate
over those islands, inconsistent alike with
their Independence and our responsibility,
impractical of operation, a burden with
out a benefit, a duty without the power to
avoid entanglements. ;
He opposes holding the Philippines, thus
advocating the shirking of a high duty
under circumstances that would be cow
ardly; would be cruel to millions of de
fenseless and peaceful people; a pollcy
that would Justly disgrace us in th* eye3
of a civilized world.
He is Insisting upon the free coinage of
silver at the ratio of 16 to 1, when the
only reasons that ever existed for it have
passed away, and every reason against It
has become more potent.
He opposes expansion, whfch Is Demo
cratic doctrine as old as the party, and
which at this time offers to this nation
and our people their highest destiny in
every proper sense.
There are many reasons, each of greater
or less force, that conduce to this belief
that he should be defeated.
Editor San Francteco Call— Tnoascb I am
a Democrat it Is my conviction that the
best Interests of this nation demand the
defeat of Mr. Bryan, and this while I en
tertain for him the highest respect and be
lieve him to be a man of Intetrrity of pur
pose.
Oate*. one of the leading I>eniocTats of
the South. In the following vigorous
statement he gives his reasons fcr believ
ing that the Democratic standard bearer
should be defeated:
#¦;¦¦;, ; ,:¦:,.;.¦;..;¦.:¦;¦.;,;..;-;,¦;¦.;, ;,; ;¦ ;¦¦;¦¦:.¦:¦.;-!
JAMES W. OATES. the well known
Santa Ro»?a lawyer, who has been a
lifelong S Democrat, ha*s declared
against Bryan for President. Mr.
Oates -Is a brother of Colonel W. C.
NETT YORK PRESS— The coast artR
lery ehonli be an absolutely isdepecdfa:
corps, malntais^d at all tizes is its full
efficiency ard drawn uoon In so emer
gency less than the isspendin? ds>wsia:i
of the republic It should taxe Its o-»n
organization under Its own chief and de
vote itself entirely to la own all-tapcr
¦tast duties. , ' r .'
ATLANTA CONSTITUTION— Here vs
have the cotton fields at ocr tfaars wlUx
an aa;!e abundance of fuel near at ban 4.
V."e ha.Te~a.lsa cheaper labor and longer
hours niafie pcsaible by our salubrious
Southern climate and we are new vtrxz.\
itgr cur own cotton null *uperiste=de::ts
sej! experts. "What mere do we need sare
capital?
PHILADHLPHIA IXQCTKER — Th
practice et looting can no nsore be Jc*ti-
Ced tfcan any otcer form of violence or
tfceft- It Is a of barbar:«3
which la theory at least t» csaslmoaj'r
deprecated ar«J cc~ieJsr.eA. and its occur
rence at Peklss at this tirse Is no l*-*s
sarprlsizp than <!»plorat!e.
NEW YORK BUS— The caa
puiira fca* mnrJk. t*I trv the levei of «>tl**r
Presidential casjpalim» la the franks**
and «tea<llB€ss of lia vurpv*e an4 In tn*
dimity «•* it* axan:iiie=t- It is an appeal da
passion. ar.d c*c*«ariiy to panics of th»
lowest sraie; f.-r r*asos ccudessj it asi
patriotism abhors it-
CLEVELAND LEADER — Americans
mar t* pr<rad of Vsx tzxX tJsat practically
the orJy ziaxd taken by tbe lava/La?
force* J3 Chii^a ai^atnat footis? *a by
Ara*rJc*n cJSccrs and *t>\Zi*T*.
WASHINGTON POST-Pro-r?*rl:y viH
be the alghir arency is tfcapiass tie tt
tnll VJfrxX ir.~r. : ~. A* *e have tr**vier.' y
r«sa/k«J before, li is«tbe Re^tifciitAs
trump card is this cajrs-pzigs-
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
1 llTlwS*
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
can that five are against him to convince him he is
wrong. That is just when an ' Englishman becomes
finally convinced he is the only sane person in the
room. Probably there is no country where minori
ties have fewer rights or more modest expectations
They are taught their place in most departments of
public life in the States, but at political meetings their
mere presence is only tolerated on conditions of
monastic silence. In America the majority is every
thing, and a man or body of men that feels itself out
numbered straightway and instinctively holds his
or- its peace— knowing quite well that freedom of
•peeeh is only allowed when the thin? spoken does
not run counter to the opinions of the majority."
The effect of the. good order of American political
meetings he believes to be not wholly good. He
says it has a tendency to keep the men of one party
away frorh the mass-meetings of the other, and con
sequently that the American people do not learn as
much from a political campaign as the British do..
He gives his conclusion thus: "The American pub
lic speaker can usually fed pretty certain that the men
in front of him are of his way of thinking. This, it is
true, relieves him of any m restraint in the presentation
of his case. I believe that much of the exaggeration
and flarnboyancy to be noted in American orators
ccmes from the knowledge that whatever they say
will be applauded, and the more strongly it is put the
louder will be the applause. It is not for ora
torical style or for a reasoned discussion of affairs th2t
oratory should go unchallenged. At the same time
it prevents the possibility of any meeting ending in
a 'disturbance of the pea<-£.* "
That there is some ground for such strictures is not
to be denied. The license given at our meetings to an
orator do«3 tempt the demagogue to utter a good
many things thaf would promptly be proven false if
opponents were permitted to question him. Still Mr.
Brooks is wrong in supposing our campaigns are not
educational. The good order that prevails at our
meetings gives serious orators ample opportunity for
reasoned addresses, zr.d such meetings, as every
American knows, are attended by men of all parties
and have marked effects upon the.minds of the waver
ing.
JOHN SHERMAN.
litical parties are more changeable than in any other
State in the Union, with the possible exceptions of
New York 2nd California. It was a comparatively
easy task for statesmen like Clay, Calhoun, Webster,
Benton, Morrill and Efcine to hold long terms in
Congress, for their States are of the kind where poli
tics is subject to but few fluctuations. Sherman,
however, had to deal with a fickle constituency, where
parties are equally balanced, and where victory goe3
about as often to one side as to the other, and -a-here
every campaign is doubtful.
To hold oince in such a State it is necessary that a
leader be an adroit politician, a resourceful manager
of the masses as well as a statesman, and such Sher
rran undoubtedly was. Many a time in his career
he had to trim his sails to meet adverse public senti
ment and take a long tack to reach port in safety.
To that fact must be ascribed a great part of his seem
ing inconsistency of policy, and particularly the fre
quency with which he boxed the compass on finan
cial questions. .' —
Ohio has been a proliac mother of great men.
Many of them have deserved a long career in official
life, but very few attained it, and none other to such a
degree as Sherman. Their rivalries and ambitions have
made the politics of the State the most stormy in the
Union. Contests between the great parties have been
complicated over and over again by contests within
party lines, and by reason of these every eminent
man in the State has been confronted by rivals in his
own camp as well as by the antagonism of the leaders
of the opposing party. Of all the great men of Ohio
John Sherman was the only one who thoroughly un
derstood her people, was master of ail the currents
and counter currents of her shifting politics, and kept
his place secure while others went to wreck.
Strangely enough, the statesman who achieved this
difneu't task in Ohio was not in the slightest degree a
popular favorite with the rest of the Union. Although
he was strongly desirous of the Presidency, he was
never within reach of iL Again and again he went
into national conventions backed by his State only
to find that delegates from other States would not
support him, and twice he was set aside for other
Ohio men whom he had counted on as his lieutenants.
The people had confidence in his honesty, his ability
and his patriotism, but he lacked magnetism, 2nd all
his tact in political management never enabled him to
compass a nomination for the Presidency.
The later years of his life have been sad. His re
tirement from the Senate to accept the office of Secre
tary of State in his old age was a mistake. His resig
nation of that oSce iras inevitable. Since then he has
been but an invalid. His services in the Senate and
in the office of Secretary of the Treasury remain,
however, of continuing benefit to the nation, and he
will be ranked among the foremost of the great states
men of the war and the reconstruction periods of the
pZZjULL of years and honors, with all his work
I performed and his illustrious life rounded out to
a perfect close, John Sherman is dead. A figure
conspicuous in public affairs since the stormy days of
sectional strife that preceded the war has passed
av.ay, leaving a memory which" sill long be cherished
among the people and a record c: deeds that will stand
forever ia the amals of the rrptrblic
Sherman's career was in some respects unique,
since he czzzzed for so long a time to hold leader
ship and efzee in a State where the fortunes of po-
THE SA>s FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1900.
Lawyer Oates Tears to Tatters the Doctrines of
Democracy's Standard-Bearer.
LEADING SANTA ROSA DEMOCRAT
DECLARES OPPOSITION TO BRYAN
6
**^^ . FOR *^^K
McKINLEYandROOSEVELT!
SAMUEL M SHORTRIDGE
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
THIS /TUESDAY EVENING.
Hear the Good Tidings He Brings Fnm the Inferior of the State.
v "ON. REUBEN H v LLOYD WILL PRESIDE.
CAMPAIGN SONGS BY THE ROUGH RIDERS QUINTET.
TO. M. CUTTER, iP89 GEORGE STONE,
Secretary. ; . Chairman Republican State Conunittw.
The ants in one nest are not all of th»
same size. A Swiss professor ha, A,, S
No grippe, no pneumonia in the early win*.,
those who build up their sterns Atttr the h£
Blt"«. br UStn * DP ~ S1EOERT * 3 Acsonur.
Dr. Sanford's Ll^-r Invlgorator.
liver lLa. bniouaneBj.tadlffeatlon.constip.Uoa..
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men hv t>Z
Press Clipping Bureau.(Allen's) 510 Ll h t 8
gomery st. Telephone Main 1W2. il0 = t -
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> at Townsend's.*
A2nJSZ2LENTS.
/;tigt^-"Er,T:'t in Tnra.- \
Or^h*c3» — C«U?oraL». Clab B«ie£t ttl« afternoon.
Cr tin <?pen-!i£)»*'* — "i;A4asie rar.» G«i*.
Gr*sd.Op««ra-hw«*— M&trlc* Grsa 0>«n. Cc=pi=y. Mcs-
eay "'"'"l! ;»^T-»nit*r 12. ¦'.'.
cai-at*«. Zo«> msA TbtmXT-VmaOeKOm ererr aTteraooa »na
Ft-* '.b«T' •— Vaa4»-rj:>.
£brr=*x-C.i> KB'.1-Crar.5 r^raJ Drhlt'.t. Ttsrsiir. Octo-
rr Jj£-i.*^"~™o^ "^n «.^ -tit.
AUCTION SAXES.*
Ej- Ss:i!r»s A Doj1»— 'H-*iI=e*la.r. Oetcber 24. «.t 11 o'clock.
Bern. U-ajroso. eic^ «t 227 Sixth rtrwrt.TO SAIL.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point: the
height of tide is the rame at both places.. •
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times nnrl Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, 'entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TUESDAY. OCTOBER 23.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day,* the third time column the third tide and
the last or right hand column gives the Ia3t
tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the sounding on tna
United States Coast Survey chart*, excepl
when a mlnua sign (— ) precedes tho height, and
then the number given Is subtracted from the
depth given by the charts. Th/> plane of refer
ence is the mean of the lower low waters.
I don't care if you never come back.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Offlce, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchanse. San Francisco. Cal..
October 22. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time. CALKIN3>
I.leutpnant Commander. IT. 3. N. . In charge.
TO ARRIVE.
NEW YORK— Sailed. Oct 21— Stmr Aller. for
Nobles, etc." . „ _ ' ''
GENOA— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Ems, from
New York, via Naples. • '' • " •• ' '
LIVERPOOL— Arrived ', Oct . 22— Stmr Ivernia.
from Boston; stmr Tunisian, from Montreal.. 1
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Sarman
tlan. from Montreal., '¦ •'"'
GREENOCIw-Arrlved Oct 22— Stmr City of
Rome, from New. York. : -' ~,
NAPLES— Sailed Oct 21— Stmr Kaiser Wll
helm, for New York. •-. - ¦- _ . ' „
CHERBOURG — Arrived Oct 22 — Stmr
Deut*chlaod. from New York. -¦
PLYMOUTH— A rrfced Oct 22— Stmr Deutsch
land. from Cherbourg and Bremen.
Steamer Movements.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr American, i
"^DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed down
Oct 21— Stmr American, from New York, for
San Francisco.
• FOREIGN PORTS. .
NAN AIMO— Arrived Oct 21— Etmr 8an Mateo,
"saUed Oct' 21— Ship Cyrus Wakefleld, for
TAKU— Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Callfornlan.
from Manila, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived' Oct 22— Br stmr Bel
gian King, hence from Manila for San Fran
cisco; put In with broken ballast tank. . Oct 21
—Jap stmr Nippon Mam, hence Sept 22. ?
NAGASAKI— Arrived Oct 22-Stmr Argyll, 1
from Manila. -for Oregon.
QUEF.NSTOWN— Arrived Oct 20— Br ship
John Cooke. from Portland. -" ..
VALPARAISO — Arrived Oct 18^-Br ship
Troop, from New Whatcom.
I/EACHY- HEAD— Passed Oct 20— Br ship
Cambusdoon. . from Antwerp, for 8an Fran-
KINSALE— Passed Oct 20— Br ship Chllton
ford, hence June 12. for Queenstown.
SANTA ROSALIA-In port Oct "-Ger bark
Edmund. Gef bark Antagone. Br ship Andsadn,
Br -ship Ben Lee. for Tacoma. ¦> . ,-'¦'.''
To sail about Oct 22— Br ship Ardenoralg. for
Portland: Br ship Dunsyre, for Portland; Br
ship PoltaUoch, for Portland; Br ship Marlon
LJghtbody waiting orders.
EASTERN PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 22— Schr Jennie Wand,
from Kahatna; schr J M Colman, from San
Pedro; stmr I>akmc, hence Oct 21; schr Mary
Buhne, hence Oct 0.
Sailed Oct 22-Schr Emma.Claudlna, for Hono
lulu; bktn Ruth. Jor Sydney: stmr Homer, for
fan Kranclsco; stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco. - ¦ ? ,
COOS BAY— Barbound Oct 22— Stmr Empire,
for San Francisco.
Sailed Oct 2!— Ktmr Alliance, for Astoria,
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived Oct 22— Schr Ori
ent, from Port Townsend.
Sailed Oct 22— Stmr Rinler, for San Pedro.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 22— Bark Tidal Wave.
from Port Townsend.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Oct 20— Schr»
Mary Etta and Corinthian, hence Oct 13; schr
Bender Bros,< hence Oct 15.
Balled Oct 21— Schrs Mary Etta and Monterey,
for San Francli-co. .
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 22— Schr Forest
Home, from Port Townsend.
Sailed Oct 22-Schr W H Talbot. for Sydney.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 19— Schr Fan
nie LHJtard, from San Pedro. Oct 22— Stmr Co
quille River, hence Oct lS;,stmr Grace Dollar,
hence Oct IS. _;
Arrived Oct 22— Schr A n Johnson, hence Oct
13; fchr Pioneer, hence Oct 9.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Oct 22— Schr Meteor, for
Port Towmsend: pchr Louise, for Umpqua; senr
Maweema. for New Whatcom. .
"Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Pasadena, from Eureka.
FORT T^WNSEND-Pasaed up Oct 22-Ship
, Berlin, hence Oct 1, for Tacoma; schr Alice,
from Nome; schr Challenger, hence Oct 16.
Arrived Oct 22— Schr Queen, hence Sept 30.
Passed up Oct 22— Br ship Port Caledonia,
from Santa Rosalia. •
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Oct 22— Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco. t
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 22— Ger bark Olga,
from Santa Rosalia; stmr State of California,
hence Oct 20; bktn Tarn o* Shanter, hence Oct
17; schr Webfoot. hence Oct 10.
Arrived off bar Oct 22— Br stmr Palatlnia,
from Java, and* was ordered to proceed to Pu-
K VoRT n BRAaG— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr N»yo,
e VENTURA— Sailed Oct 22 — Barge Banta
Paula In tow of tug Rescue, for San Francisco.
SKa'ttLE— Arrived Oct 21— Ship John Cur
rier, from Port Townsend. Oct 22 — Stmr Czar
ina, hence Oct 18. •
Arrived Oct 22— Schr Casco, from ; Btmr
Al-KI, from Skaguay; Btmr Excelsior, from
ICociinik . .
PORT HADLOCK- Arrived Oct 22— Bktn Re
triever," hence Oct 9. ¦ _•
Sailed Oct 22— Schr O W Watson, for San
Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Corwln, from Port
Townsend. . •
UMPQUA— Arrived Oct 17— Schr Lucy, hence
Oct 6. " n^ n^ B . •¦¦•"-, \;;U">-
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOR, Oct 22, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 12 miles.
TELEURAPH1C.
SPOKEX.
Oct IS. lat 29 N. Ion 15 W— Br ship Lydgate,
from Portland, for Qutcnstown.
SAILED.
Monday, October 22.
Stmr Bonita. Nlcolson. San Pedro.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson. -. /
Stmr City of Para, Zeeder. Panama, etc
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen. Eureka.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Jahnsen. San Pedro.
Htuir Sequoia, Winkel. Fort BraRK.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen. Bowens Landing.
Nor ttmr Titania, Eeenes. Nanalmo.
Bktn Tropic Bird, Jackson, Tahiti. .
THE OLD MISSIONARY BARKENTINE MORNING STAR MAKING PORT
WITH ONE OF THE MOST VALUABLE CONSIGNMENTS OF GOLD
KVEIi BROUGHT FROM THE FROZEN NORTH.
The Woman Suffrage Association will
meet to-morrow evening at Occidental
Hall. 305 Larkin street, to discuss political
Issues and the sentiments of public men
on the question of political equality of
women. -
Woman Suffragists to Meet.
F. A. Mcthyas, who shot Henry Herzog
in the leg in a saloon at 249 Fourth street
Sunday nig-ht. because Herzog pulled his
whiskers, was arrested yesterday morning
by Detectives Ryan and Crockett. He was
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
assault to murder.
Pulled His Whiskers.
J. O'Rourke, the blacksmith whose
horseshoeing bills against the Fire Depart
ment were thrown out by the court, will
have to resort to a unique method in order
to g?t his bills audited. Yesterday he vis
ited Auditor WeUs, but was Informed by
that official that he was not sure whether
the law would countenance his auditing
the bills pending the result of the appeal
O'Rourke has taken. O'Rourke must now
present his bills to the Auditor, the latter
will refuse to pass them, and O'Rourke
will then begin mandamus Proceedings
against the Auditor.
Must Mandamus Auditor.
Aftrr a l^pse of two years the Califor
nia State Kloral Society will again give a
flower show. Its sixteenth exhibition will
open ct Sherman & Clay's Hall on Sutter
street next Thursday afternoon at 1
o'clock. The exhibition will close Satur
day evening.
The management of the exhibition will
devolve upon Mrs. John R. Martin. She
will be assisted by the ladies of the so
ciety.
The subjoined list of special prizes arc
cpen to all competitors:
Best rose exhibit, the Alvord gold medal;
best twelve named varieties of roses with
buds and foliage, gold TOfii&l, Mrs. G. W.
Gibbs; best bloomingr white ro*e in pot,
gold medal. Mrs. V. K. Maddox; best ex
hibit chrvFanthcmums, gold medal. Miss
Jennie Flood; best exhibit masses, silver
medal. Mr*. L. Urehfti; best exhibit vio
lets, pilver medal. Sanborn. Vail & Co.;
bejit exhibit carnations, silver medal.
Colonel A- Andrews: best American
beauty roses in vase, silver medal. Cali
fornia Optical Company: l>«sst table deco
rations, Nancy vase. Raphael Weill &.
Co.; best mantel decorations, jardiniere.
Nathan-Dohrmann Co.: best exhibit cac
tup, loving cup, Hammersmith & Field:
Its Sixteenth IKsplay "Will Open
Next Thursday at Sherman „•
& Clay's Hall. S'
;
STATE FLORAL SOCIETY
WILL GIVB» EXHIBITION
best original floral design, bronze vase,
Newman & Levinson, Inc.; herbacious cut
flowers. Indian va«e. Nat. Raphael; best
flower piece, jardiniere. Will & Flnck.
A PRETTY girl, very neatly
dressed, was found lying uncon
scious yesterday morning In
Golden Gate Park near the Chain
of I^akes by' Mounted Policeman
Kavanaujrh. She was conveyed to the
Receiving Hospital, where it was found
that she had taken carbolic acid. She
never recovered consciousness and died a
little before 3 o'clock. She was apparently
about 20 years of age, handsome, with a
wealth of blonde hair that was tied with
a red ribbon. Near her was found In the
park a one-ounce bottle of carbolic acid,
half «>xnpty. It had been purchased at the
Model Drugstore at Twenty-fourth and
Church streets. The deceased was dressed
in a plaid polf cloak, a white sailor hat
with a white band and a pray tailor-made
cloth .<4:irt. She also wore a cheap imita
tion gold bracelet on her left wrist, a Me-
Kinky button and a brooch in the design
of u. Scotch dapper.
The carbolic acid was purchased by the
pirl about S»:30 o"clock yesterday morning
frum H. H. Waugh, proprietor of the
Model Drugstore. When she purchased
the acid she was asked for what purpose
Bb« wanted It. She stated that she did
not want it for herself, but was buying: it
for a friend. She paid 10 cents for the
sold and at the same time purchased
s^m* castor olL She laid 20 cents down
on the counter and left the drugstore
without any further comment.
The mnoijnt the pirl was brought to
the hospital tl*e officials were under the
impression that she might be the missing
Oirrigan girl, but after they had thor-
Miss HJnckley's mother anxiously
awaited her daughter's return all day, and
in ihe eveninjr called friends to her as
sistance In searching- for her. The young
men read the account of the girl's suicide
and, visiting the Morgue, found the ob
ject of their search on a slab.
No reason can be assipned for the young
Kirl's rash act. She was but 16 years of
age. Her father and mother have been
divorced for some time and family
troubles may have preyed upon her mind.
The remains were identified late last
night as those of Mildred Hinckley. who
resided with her mother on Twenty-sec
ond street, near Guerrero. The' persons
who identified the corpse are C. E. Whit
ham of 1315 Guerrero street and J. C.
Smith of 1031 Valencia street.
L'p to a later hour the body of the sul
cid« had not been identified, although a
number of people called at the Morgue.
The dead pirl was evidently employed in
some factory, as the first finger of h<«r
right hand was severely scarred by the
u>e of a needle. .
oughly investigated the case they found
no prounds for their supposition.
Mrs>. Otto Smith, who resides with hor
daughter at Twenty-fourth ' street, near
Church, soon heard of the news, and fear-
Ing that the unfortunnte one might be her
daughter she called at the Receiving Hos
ji'.tal to see the pirl, but the body had
ilreaay been removed to the Morgue.
Mrs. Smith then hurried to the Phirt fac
tory where her daughter is employed and
wa* overjoyed to find that it was not her
loved one, a? the latter had been working
all day. The mother and daughter later
visited the Morgue in the hopes of belnjj
able to identify the body of the voung
pirl, but coulO not do so.
MILDRED HIXCKLEY. "WHOSE PARENTS ARE DIVORCED, IS FOUND
UNCONSCIOUS IN GOLDEN GATE PARK AND EXPIRES A SHORT
TIME. AFTERWARD.
Br -stmr Flintshire, Dwyer, Port Arthur;
American Trading Co. - ¦ • .
Bark Coalinga. E vane, Callao; Balfour, Guth
rie Ac Co. •¦¦•.-¦•
Brig Pitcalrn. Thomson, ; Mazatlan, via Fort
Braeg; Ulckman,' Ma»terson.' ¦ .
Br scbr Alexander, Kalb, Salinas Cruz; C. A"
Monday, October 22.
Stmr Bonita, Nlcolson, San Pedro; Goodall
Perkins & Co.
• Dr stmr Condor, Anderson, Callao; W R
Grace & Co. . • •
-¦¦Nor 'Btmr Titanla, Egenes, Nanalmo; John
Rosenfeid's Sons. . -.
Etmr Santa Barbara, Jahnsen, 23 hours from
Eureka; bound south; put in to land passen
gens.-
Stmr Samoa, Jacobs, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Geo Loomls. I Brldgett. 44 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr • GlDsy, Leland. 20 hours from '"Moss
Landing.
Btmr Santa Rosa, .Alexander, 61 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Columbia. Doran, 60 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 46*4 hours.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, 38 hours from
Ean Pedro.
Stmr Morning Star, Graham, 21 days from
St Michael. ¦
Bark W B Flint, Johnson, 18 days from Hono
lulu. . , . .
' Schr Archie and FontI*,' Johannsen, 10 houra
from Stewart* Point. . - ••-¦¦¦•
Schr Mary C* Campbell, 9 hours . from Ftort
IMss.
Schr Monterey, Beck, . 14 hours from Bowens
Landing. • ' >
Schr C T Hill. Llndahl. 15 days from Kodlak.
CLEARED. •
Monday, October 22,
ARJIIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
The American bark Coalinga cleared yester
day for Callao with 32.C52 ctls wheat, valued
at $32,«52, and 12,000 feet ' lumber dunnage,
valued at $180. Total value. $32,832.
Wheat Shipment.
S cs ammonia, 16 cs hoots and shoes, 2 cuks
beer, 165 ctls barley, 38,495 lbs bread. 6 cs
candy, 7 bales bags, 4 cs bicycles- and sun
dries, 44 sks bran, 3780 lbs beans. 68 bdls cord
age, 10 cs coal oil, 76 cs canned goods, f-0 c»
candles, 100 lbs dried fruit, 8 cs drugs, 03 cs
dry goods, G6 cs furniture, 1027 bbls flour, S2
c» glassware.-. 155 pkffs groceries and provisions,
45 cs hardware, 30 cs household goods, 20 bales
hay. 9 crs mill work. 11 bdls, oars, 6 cs oil, 6
hules oakum, 18 cs onions, 10 bdla pipe, 29 c.n
potatoes, 12,163 lbs salt. 7176 lbs sugar, 146 en
soap, 98 c*. 13 bbls salmon. 22.072 lbs rice. 11
crs vegetables, 17 ctls wheatf -6S56 gals wine. \
The barkentlne Tropic Bird sailed yesterday
for Papeete with a general cargn, valued at
$19,133, Including the following:
A Cargo for Tahiti.
The collier Titanla sailed yesterday for
Nnnaimo with the following supplies, valued
at $2121:
104 hbU lubricating grease, 315 bdls iron, 3
coils wire ror>e.
The Uritlsh ship Flintshire cleared yester
day for Port Arthur with the following cargo,
valued at $25,417:
16,676 bales hay, 1CS5 ctls barley, 5 bbls mut
ton, GOO gals bottled beer.
Mining Supplies for British Columbia
Hay ana Jeed for China,
For Chile— 500 cs salmon, to be landed at
Valparaiso, and 103,470 feet Oregon pine lum
ber. In ftuaslt from Vancouver, to Anto.ro-
. 1
For Peru — 48 bdls box shooks, 2S,1^3 railroad
ties, to bo landed at Oallao, and 789,188 feet
Oregon pine lumber in transit from Van
couver to Mollendo.
The British ship Condor cleared yesterday
for Callao with cargo valued at $11,932, ex
clusive of some In transit, manifested «s fol
low*: Peru, $10,242: for Chile, $1750. The cargo
consisted of the followlnc: '
Merchandise for South America.
The John Currier' loads coal at Seattle for
Honolulu, chartered prior to arrival; the To
muco, lumber at Port Blakeley for Valparaiso,
for orders, owners' account: the Vllle de Mul
fcoupe, wheat for Kurppe, 35s, prior to ar
rival.
Shipping 1 Merchants.
Matters, of Interest .to Mariners anil
•The schooner Alexander is going to get
away for Salinas Cruz at last. She comes
alongside" the" wharf for an overhauling
to-day and will probably pail to-morrow.
The transport Verona is not going to
carry horses to China. The German Em
peror does not want the vessel, as there
is no more demand for horses. The ani
mals will now be sold and the Verona will
carry wheat to" England.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
"Water Front NoteB.
The steamer Santa Barbara put in here
yesterday on her way liom Eureka to San
Pedro. She had about twenty passengers
aboard, among them being United States
District Attorney Frank L. Coombs. Mr.
Coombs is a candidate for Congress be
fore the First District and according to
those who came down from Bureka on
the Santa Barbara he is a sure winner.
The Santa Barbara brings down 610,000
feet of lumber. She left for Santa Bar
bara after landing- her passengers and
will there unload 200,000 feet of lumber. At
San Pedro the remainder of the cargo
will be discharged, after which she will
come back to San Francisco.
Train leaves for Anvil:
Cheechaco .Express 7:00 a. m.
Sour Dough 10:30 a. m.
Wild Goose Flier 1:00 p. m.
Ol«» Oleson's "Owl" 4:30 p. m.
Catch-as-catoh-can. Gravel any old time.
&6 pounds Uage Free.
Batce means clothing and blanket*; not live
stock. ' N
Near the window In the ticket office
there is the following:
This is the clock.
It runs.
¦\Ve ran the R. R. by the clock.
It may be the right time: we don't take any
bets on It.
Look at the time card. It tells you when
the next train goes.
Frank 1>. Coombs Back.
TIME TABLE.
The Morning Star brought home over a
million in gold from the Klondike. The
treasure was In charge of Captain John
Lapgas. According to the captain the
wealth of the Klondike cannot be esti
mated. New mines are being discovered
every day and new districts are being ex
ploited from v:cek to week.
"The Nome fields are not In it with the
Yukon," said Captain L-agRas yesterday,
"and next year the streams tributary to
the river will produce tens of millions.
Nearly all the men who came down on the
Morning Star nre employes of the Alas
ka Exploration Company and all of them
are going back next spring."
Some of the passengers who came home
on the Morning Star tell etories about
the vagaries of Lane's railroad, the
"Wild Goose." It runs from Nome to
Anvil and its timetable is unique. In ex
planation it is necessary to know that a
Cheechaco is a newcomer and a Sour
Dough a man who hus been in the coun
try for at least a season. An exact copy
of the Wild Goose timetable is as follows:
Now the old missionary boat has been
turned Into a merchantman and' gold
hunting, not soul saving. Is her game.
game. -
and steam yesterday morning.
The old timer used to cruise In the South
ern seas and the hollow mainmast that
serveB as a funnel was the mystery the
Islanders could never s>olve.
Captain John Lag
gas Says Wealth
of That Favored
District Cannot
Be Estimated.
WITH a million In treasure, all In
gold, on board the ex-mlssion
ary barkeatine Morning Star
came Into i>ort under all sail
Morning Star Arrives From St. Michael Laden With a
Million Dollars From the Rich Diggings of
OLD MISSION ARY B ARKENTINE BRINGS
CARGO OF GOLD FROM KLONDIKE
TilJS SAJN JJKAJNCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, OUTOB Ell 123, lyiiO.
PRETTY GIRL TAKES
POISON IN THE PARK
Is Found by Mounted Policeman and
Conveyed to Receiving Hospital, ,
Where She Dies.
7
Steamer.
From.
Due.'
Crescent City... Crescent City Oct. 23
Empire ......... Coos Bay.... Oct, 23
Victoria ...:.... Oyster Harbor Oct.24
Matteawan 7... Tacoma. . Octl 24
Coos ¦ Bay.... .V. Newport.. Oct. 24
City of Puebla.. Victoria.. Oct. 24
North Fork .... Humboldt Oct. 25
Point Arena ;;. Polnt'Arena.. ............ Oct." 23
Arcata ......... Coos Bay....:. ...V... Oct.-- 25-
Kurtka. ...... •.-lUumbaldt....... ........ ,.]Oct. 2&
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
Del Norte..|Humboldt Oct. 23, 10 am Pier 20
UrnatlUa .. Victoria.: Oct. 23, 11 am, (Ur 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct.' 23. 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 23, 9 am Pier 13
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. 24, 11 am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland Oct. 23. 11 am Pier 24
Pomona ... Humboldt Oct. 25. 2 pmlPler S
Kmpire .... Coos Bay Oct. 25. 4 pm Pier 13
lacjua ...... Humboldt Oct. 26, 1 pm|Pler ..
Coos Bay... Newport Oct. 26, 9 am Pier 11
City PeklnK fhinn* Japan Oct. 26. 1 pmlPMSS
Areata Coos Bay Qet. 27, 12 m|Pier 19
Corona San Diego..... Oct. 28. 11 amIPier 11
City Puebla Victoria Oct. 2S, 11 am Pier 9
North- Fork Humboldt..;.. Oct. 28. 9 amIPier 2
Colon New Tork Oct. 29, 12 m PMSS
G W Elder. Portland Oct. 30. 11 am Pier 24
Bonlta Newport Oct: 30, 9 am Pier 11
Sun rises
Sun sets ..
Moon rises,
new
6:26
5*0**
6:27 a. m.
O ITlme
a L W
23 ...| 4:2A
|H \V
U ... 0:17
15 .. 1:02
28 ... 1:49
27... 2:411
28 ... 3:33
29 ... 4:27
Time
Ft. — —
; • H W
2.4 10:501
| L. W
4.G 4:58
4.4 5:31
I 4.4 C:09
4.4 6:C4
4.4 7:50
! 4.5 8:59
Time Timel
Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W H W
6.6 5:20 0.2
H W t, W
2.6 11:15 • 5.S 5:55 0.0
1.8 h:40 5.5 6:33-0.1
2.9 12:10 5.4 T:15— 0.2
3.0 12:45 B.S 8:00 -C.I
3.1 1:31 B.I 8:50 0.1
3.2 B:30 4.9 9:43 0.3
Sun rises
Sun sets ..
Moon rises,
new
6:26
5*0**
6:27 a. m.
O ITlme
a L W
23 ...| 4:2A
|H \V
U ... 0:17
15 .. 1:02
28 ... 1:49
27... 2:411
28 ... 3:33
29 ... 4:27
Time
Ft. — —
; • H W
2.4 10:501
| L. W
4.G 4:58
4.4 5:31
I 4.4 C:09
4.4 6:C4
4.4 7:50
! 4.5 8:59
Time Timel
Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W H W
6.6 5:20 0.2
H W t, W
2.6 11:15 • 5.S 5:55 0.0
1.8 h:40 5.5 6:33-0.1
2.9 12:10 5.4 T:15— 0.2
3.0 12:45 B.S 8:00 -C.I
3.1 1:31 B.I 8:50 0.1
3.2 B:30 4.9 9:43 0.3
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
Del Norte..|Humboldt Oct. 23, 10 am Pier 20
UrnatlUa .. Victoria.: Oct. 23, 11 am, (Ur 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct.' 23. 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 23, 9 am Pier 13
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. 24, 11 am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland Oct. 23. 11 am Pier 24
Pomona ... Humboldt Oct. 25. 2 pmlPler S
Kmpire .... Coos Bay Oct. 25. 4 pm Pier 13
lacjua ...... Humboldt Oct. 26, 1 pm|Pler ..
Coos Bay... Newport Oct. 26, 9 am Pier 11
City PeklnK fhinn* Japan Oct. 26. 1 pmlPMSS
Areata Coos Bay Qet. 27, 12 m|Pier 19
Corona San Diego..... Oct. 28. 11 amIPier 11
City Puebla Victoria Oct. 2S, 11 am Pier 9
North- Fork Humboldt..;.. Oct. 28. 9 amIPier 2
Colon New Tork Oct. 29, 12 m PMSS
G W Elder. Portland Oct. 30. 11 am Pier 24
Bonlta Newport Oct: 30, 9 am Pier 11
READY TO WEAR
Tailpr-Made Dresses and Loose-Back
Coats and Jackets.
r— Jjl-y The-New.Short, Fitting Jacket
:>£§? With large collar and reveres in fine all-woo!
f\lf\ kersey cloths. silk lined, blacks and Oil) Juf\
/a$ I J | tans— a $15.00 garment Special OlZiOLI
<TW$ Elegant 14 Anto. Coats
/ 1 \Vm *¦'" Beautifully ta'ilorst'tched, silk lined, 00*7 Cfl
L. \ \ v\ J tans ancJ blacks — a $35.00 coat OZ| lUU
/ vlv T'e" vet-Trimmed Tailor-made Dresses.
* Blouse or straight-front styles in all the latest
>N^V \4^^ cloth effects — blacks and prevail- QO C Ofl
-J* >Jt ing shades — a $30 dress. Special v'ZviUU
Tailor=made Tailor-made Pebbls
Dresses. Cheviot Cloth Dress.
lr» all-wool Venetian QjQ rfj taffeta lined jacket, Q JQ (10
cloth, waist silk lined OlZlUU worth $20. cpeciai O'OlUU
I/El B V S I IFRFQ' CL0AK AND slJIT P 0USE »
IILLLI (X LILDLO 120 KEARNY STREET.
Perfect Filling
and gracefully
shaped garments,
I give personal \
attention to all
orders. Extensive ' \
connection with
all fashion centers. :, :
Prices Reasonable.
M.Vi! Orders Fill:d.
Don't Mistake the Number.
AMTJSEaiSITTS.
GRAND OPESA MOUSE
Matinees* Saturday and Sunday.
NEW" SO^Vs^W S^fei ¥ PANY
ONLY THIS WEEK
Vlctorlen Sardou's Masterpiece,
T DANIEL FRAWLEY as NAPOLEON.
(His first appearance this season.)
MARY VAN BUREN as MME. SANS GENE.
EVENING PRICES lOe. 15c, 25c, 50c.
A Few Front Rows in Orchestra. 73c.
MATINEE PRICES lOc. 15c. 25c. 5Oc
Branch Ticket - Offlce— Emporium.
GRAND OPERA SEASON
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
From the Metropolitan Opera-house, New York,
Beginning Nov. 12th at
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
SALE OF SUBSCRIPTION" SEATS begins
THURSDAY next, October 25th. at Sherman,
Clay & Co'b. '
Prices for Season o£ 20 Performances:
Orchestra and Dress Circle llOfl
Back Rows of Orchestra 80
Family Circle 60
Gallery 33
Proscenium Boxes, seating? 6 $1CCO and 700
Orchestra Lotres JSCO and 900
Balcony Boxes (Palcos) seating 4, $500;
seating 5. JKOO; seating 8 700
Applications for Boxes should be Immediately
addressed to MR. ALFRED BOUVIER,
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
Slnsrle Night Sale Opens November 7,
Price n to 17
A REALLY SWELL BILL.
GEORGE EVANS, LES FBASET-
TIES, WORLD AND HASTINGS.
BLANCHE RING, LIZZIE B.
RAYMOND, EDGAR ATCHISON-
ELY, RATJSCHELE, TWIN SIS-
TERS HALE,
Last Week of
THE GREAT EVERHART.
Reserved Seats 23c: Balcony 10c:
Opera Chairs and Box Seats 50c.
MATINEES— Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday
ORPHEUM THEATER.
THIS AFTERNOON.
GRAND VAUDEVILLE MATINEE
For the beneflt of the philanthropic work of
the Social Science Etepartmerit of the
•- CALIFORNIA CLUB.
Under the auspices of the ' lady members.
POWERFUL. MIXED ENTERTAINMENT.
Contributed by the best local and foreign
, • ,.>. ' -talent.
TICKETS, on sale at the Orpheum box offlce
Reserved - seats, 60c; box . seats, • JL Genera]
admission, lie. ,
GRAND FLORAL EXHIBIT.
CALIFORNIA STATETLORAL SOCIETY
: SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. *S- HALL,
. tii SUTTfIR STREET.
THURSDAY, FfllDAY AND SATURDAY;
Ociobar 2S. 2&. 27 (Day and Evening).
AMUSEMENTS.
Last 5 Nigh s. Matr.ee Saturday.
The Great Whltney-Knowles
QUO VAS>IS
THE STUPENDOUS SUCCESS!
THE ALL-IMPOSI.VCi, PRODUCTION!
Last Performance Saturday Night.
NEXT MONDAY—
"Marriage.* are net accidents, though they
may be misfortunes." .
STUART ROBSON
In Augustus Thomas' Masterpiece.
OLIVER GOLDSMITH,
The Matchless Ca*t Include*
John E. Heiuhaw. Maud White.
Stephen Orattan. Jeffrey* Lewis.
II. A. Weavnr Sr.. Kllen Mors'.mer.
Beaumont Smith. May Ten Broeck.
Frank Robins, Joseph P. Winter.
James Grant, O B. Hallem.
Burt Washburn, Clifford Leigh.
And 20 Others.
SEATS HEADY THCKSDAT-
REMEMBER !
We're Packing Item in at Every Performance.
.—AND ONE WEEK "ONLT—
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY
WM. H. WEST'S
BIG MINSTREL
JUBILEE,
Next Sunday Afternoon— "FOR HER SAKE. *
The Greatest Melodrama of the A«e.
SPECIAL J
WALTER DAIUROSCH
la EXPI.AHAT0AT R3C1TAL3 AT THS PIA50.
October 31 "DAS RIIEINGOLD"
November 2 "DIE WALKURE"
NovlmbeT E££3£ "SIEGFRIED"
November 7 ••aOTTKRDAMMERCNG"
Season sale now on. Sale of single teats
opens Thursday mormlngr, October 25.
Prices— season JT. ana »3 50; slr.gla reserved
seats. Jl 50, »1 and 50c.
*Tl¥OLi*
TWO SENSATIONAI* TRIUMPHS!!
Wednesday. Friday Evenings. Saturday
Matinee.
"LA GIOCONDA."
S1GNORTNA BARDARESCH1.
SIGNOR CASTELLAXO.
Ferrari. Nicollni. Lucentl. Foletlni. Graham.
Tuesday. Thursday.* Saturday. Sunday Nights.
The Great Diva COLLAMARINI as "Carmen."
Russo, Salassa, Repetto. NIcollnL
Schaster. etc.
POPULAR PRICES— 23c and BOc
SPECIAL— N*xt THURSDAY Afternoon at 3!
GRAND SYMPHONY CONCERT % .
Direction of
MAX HIRSHFELD ORCHESTRA OF 80.
A Superb Programme Will Be Presented.
Seats on sale at Sherman. Clay & Ca's and
Tivoil box ofnee. Prices. 73c, Jl, U 50.
ALF. ELLINOTIOUSE Prop, and Manarer
PHONE SOUTH TO
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
"BREAKINO ALL PAST RECORDS."
THE SAME TRUTHFUL STORY PREVAILS.
'¦ The Great Farce Comedy.
BROWN'S
in TO W/V /
With the Original Company.
POPULAR PRICES:
EVENING 13t. JI5c. 35c, f»Oe ana 7So
MATINEE 13c. -.1«j, S5« and SUo
Xext Sunday Afternoon
Ifcw^KlNS Of TB£ OPIUM RING
fLv H EAT R €*A >
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Howard Hall' a Romantic Drama,
A Soldier of
the Empire !
ELEGANT NEW SCENERY.
SEATS-lac. Kc, 33c, 60c.
NEXT WEEK— NORTHERN LIGHTS.
SUTRO OrtTHS.
OPEN NIGHTS <
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:K» P. M.
AMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 5c.
Bathing. Including Admission. 25c: Children 20c.
ON AND AFTER MONDAY. OCT. ». 1300.
> THE SUTRO BATHS CLOSE AT S P. M.
17TCPWT7P'Q CONCERT HOUSE.
rlDUlli!iI\ D Admission lOc.
Beatrice .. Franco, Jose Torre* Ovando, Lu-
nette, Antcnio Vargas, Cesar* AlleaanJront.
Sylvia Pucrari and the Lcons.
Reserved Seats. 23c; Matlneo Sunday.
We put on sale some special bargains
in wearing apparel and house fur-
nishings which will interest careful
cash buyers In and out of town.
$1.00 GAMES, 25 C -
' Krlss Krlnple, Crossing: the Dosert, Mea-
1 senger noys. Posting. Shopping. Fairy Land.
Pool Boards. . Battle Flag, • Tiger Hunt and a
dozen others afMi, price— 5c, 30c, 25o and 0C0
games at cut prices for antl-hollday trade.
LADIES^HOES.
A line falr-stltch coin toe lace Shoe In serv-
iceable kid, «tyl ten looking, at J?1!.(W>: slzos
3 to 8. A cheaper lnce Shoe for ladles. . S1.OO.
for children 75c to fl^£5. Ladles' easy wlds
shoes, called comforts, at ?1.."JO. Othora a*>k
$2 for such footwear.
DRY "GOODS. .
Our.stock. of domestics for family the is a
strong one from the celebrated "Womsut'a cot-
ton at l."»c to a cheap 4-quarter family sheet-
Ing at Oc. A few pieces of fine dark prints
at 5c. ' . - '-'-/";
Overalls for little boys, 100 pairs. :l."5o
Suits for big boys, 17. 18, 19 :.$4.<>O
Working gloves for men .....a5<r
Blankets for everybody, pr.75c, Jl.OO, 91.25
Wool blankets, Cal. make, gray..?3.50, $.'.(Ht
72-lnch felt, old ' gold, worth $l.C0 ...... . .5Uo
Perlm, fairly good quality..;......... 5«
House lining, for builders" use :.tle, 4c, 5c. tfc
Wallpaper, srood style and quality ..lOc
Alaska Clothing Fur. at one-quarter price. 1
' .For rent for^storage or light manufacturing,
rooms on fifth and sixth floors.' ,
. Try the chicken diapers at Home Dining-
room, sixth floor. . *.>.-
¦Money saved every .time at cash stores and
especially, at -...-.
The original, reliable and largrest mail-order
house. / Ask for , Cataloguea, free.
' 25-27 Market Street,
P. C Near the Ferr^,
ADVEBTISEMEUTB.
ADVERTISEMEKTS.
In a wlrm bath with CUTICURA SOAP and a single anointing
with CUTICURA, purest of -emollients and -.of skin
cures This Is the purest, sweetest, most speedy, permanent,
and economical treatment for torturing, disfiguring, itching,
burning, bleeding, scaly, crusted, and pimply, skin and . scalp
humors, with loss of hair of infants and children, and is
sure to succeed when all else fails. ' • ¦Foreign Futures.
THE STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— Aside from a - little
firmness . In ¦ tin. due to a rise of 15* for that
metal abroad,' the local metal market was dull
end featureless, f Tin f closed S firmer at . $2S 20@
2S 30. Lake copper was dull and unchanged
at $16 75@17. Plglron warrants were quiet 'at
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 23.— Following: the opening
call in cotton, which was easier at a decline
of 2®5 points, there was a further loss of 0318
points. In the afternoon business was dull
The market closed easy at 10@16 points net de
cline. > .
New York &otton Market.
.NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain ashore and afloat on
Saturday. October 20. aa compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, is as follows: Wheat
5S,313,000 bushels, Increased 1.335,000 bushels;
corn, 8,914,000 bushels, decreased 879,000 bushels;
oats, 13,319,000 bushels, increased 75,000 bushels
rye, 1,010,000 bushels; Increased 31,000 bushels;
barley, 2,E>95,000 bushels, increased 247,000 bush
els.
Available Grain Supply.
SHEEP— Receipts. 20.000; *teady; lambs,
steady to 10c lower. Good to choice wethers,
$3 85(54 10; fair to choice mixed, $3 40@3 90;
Western eheep, 'S3 75@4 10; native lamba. $4 25
@5 60; Western lambe, $4 75®5 50.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22.— Receipts, 19,500, Includ
ing 2000 Western and 819 Texans; good to choice
natives, 5®10c higher; Westerns, steady to
slow. Good to prime steers, "$6 tOQ6; poor to
medium. J4 50@5 40; selected feeders, $3 75®
4 40; mixed etockers. $2 75@3 85; cows, $2 SO®
4 80; heifers, $2 S5Q4 75; canners', J2@2 65; bulls,
$2 50S4 CO; calves. $4{?6 25; Texas fed steers, $4
©I 90; grassers, $3 35<@4 15; bulls. {2 E0£3 25.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 31,000; to-morrow,
estimated. 26,000; left, over, 4000; strong to 60
higher. Mixed and butchers', 1 |4 60®>4 95; good
to choice heavy, $4 C0@>4 92«4; rough heavy,
$4 45-54 50; light, (4 SOft 1 90; bulk of sales, U 65
®4 80.
Chicago Livestock, Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Deo. Feb.
Opening 6% » 6H
Closing 6 % 6 %
PARIS.
Wheat— '-!¦¦ % • ' • Oct. Jan.-April.
Opening 19 63 20 95
Closing - 19 "5 2105
Flour* —
Opening 25 25 26 80
Closing • 25 25 26 95
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull; creamery; 16@22c; dairy, 13@
ISc. Cheese, active, lO'/iSll'ic. Eggs, steady;
fresh. 17&c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25.000 23,000
Wheat, bushels 203.000 2SI.000
Corn, bushels 469,000 836.000
Oats, buehels ".35S,O00 278.000
Rye. bushels 6,000 11.000
liarley. bushels 124.000 32.000
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 6SS7414C; No.
2 red. R%O7S9£c; No. 2 corn, 40e40V*c; No. 2
yellow. 40>4@40tec; No. 2 oats. 22@22Hc; No. 2
v.-hite. 24V4<a20Vic; No. 3 white, 23H?t24%c; No.
2 rye, 49'4c; good feeding barley, 39c; fair to
choice malting. 60#55c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 80:
No. 1 Northwestern. $1 81%@1 82; prime timothy
seed. $4 23@4 35; mess pork, per barrel, $11 50@
11 73; lard, per 100 pounds, $7 02Vt®7 05; short
rib eides (loose), $7@7 15; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), $6 2506 CO; short clear sides (boxed),
|7'jX7 10; whisky, basis of high wines. $1 27;
sugars, cut loaf. 6.60c; granulated, 6.10c: con
fectioners' A. Cc; off A, 6.85c; clover, contract
grade, $10Q10 25. '
NEW XORK STOCK LIST. ' I
Ehares Closlr*
eold. Et'ttiks— Bid.
Z3.4&0 Atchiscn- jx^
44.000 Atchison preffl 7414
21.25S Baltimore & Ohio 7514
100 Canadian Pacific 17^4
245 Canada- Southern £3
T2.000 Chesapeake Ar Ohio 3014
l.~(f> Chicago Oreat Western 12^
it.T.'i Chicago Burlington & CJuincy 12SH
4<V) Chlcaco Ind & Louisville 22'A
227 Chicago Ini & Louisville pj-efd 55
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 3514
200 Chicago & Northwestern....'. 163
' 8.600 Chicago Rock Island & Paclflo 109«4
1.250 C C C& St Louis 63
Colorado Southern 67^4
fc Colorado Southern lat prefd 39
245 Coloiado Southern 2d. prefd 16
. in Delaware & Hudson.... 112^4
Delaware Lackawanna & -Western. .178
810 Denver &. lilo Orande 20H
600 Denver &. Rio Grande prefd 70%
209 Erie 12O»4
n» Erie 1st prefd 3514
2,473 Great Northern prefd.......... iei
«p0 H&cklnc Coal 1«
2,«00 Hocking Valley J714
1,500 Illinois Central 11914,
100 Iowa Central 19
Iowa Central prefd 49
t.125 Lake Erie & Western... 3C'4
SOO Lake Erie & Western prefd 10s
, Lake Fhore 206
1L070 Louisville & Nashville 76%
24.5W Manhattan L : SS%
17.0«> Metropolitan Street Railway 161
€00 Mexican Central 11%
J, r."> f ' Minn & St Louis CO
<ftO Minn & St Louis prefd 87%
W.150 Missouri Pacific 64'i :
500 Mobile & Ohio 49
r ".'• Missouri Kansas & Texas , 10XJ
3.730 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd S1V4
7">9' New Jeraey Central 156
T.OOO NV-w York Ontral : 133'4
«.2<« Norfolk & "Western ZHi
120 Norfolk & Western prefd 7CH
Sfl.ooo Northern Pacific 65%
'J.7O9 North«rn Pacific prefd 72V»
1,500 Ontario & Western "22%
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Orrfjon Railway & TCav prefd 76
J5.C3 rrmwylrania ...13314
2.C20 Reading • •• ••••. 1~!4
NEW YOItK. Oct. 22.— To-day's furiously ac
tive and fcucytnt Fpeculatlon was brought up
with a enarp turn in the final hear of trading
by a fiurrv in the rate for call money which
c^ired it up to 5 per cent. This was accepted
a» an admonition that the circulation was
overrunning the newly acquired resources of
the money msiket and very heavy celling to
realize profits immediately »et In. In stocks
rn<*t effected in the Belling, the early gains
VK>;e fcniirely wiped out and the average level
was entirely down considerably below the beta
of the day." The effort of the bull* to retrieve
their ground caused a very unsettled tone, but
the r-loeins was on the whole easy with the
buoyant snap apparently taken out of the mar
ket. Notwithstanding this late setback, there
were some very striking upward movements of
prices, especially in the »teel croup, and the
largest day's business in etocks eince th* earlier
part of ti* year was transacted at a level of
I.riots will tttwjve those of Saturday. Specula
tors reveled in the vivifying streams of gold
which are pouring Into the New York money
market from many yuartere of the world.
yt-Merday"s incoming steamers from Europe
brought the total receipts of the gold engaged
th< r- for export to over 13,000.000. and Saturday's
receipt of M.W>,OC0 at San Francisco can be
inade immediately available to the New York
money market ».y telegraphic transfer. The
balance of the total engagements In Europe,
which amounted to upward of t&.OOO.OQO, is fast
following on the heels of the shipments al
ready received. Sterling exchange fell weakly
back to near the cold import point, and the
cntuinu<Hl downward tendency of Interest rates
In London anl Berlin seemed to cfTcr acquies
cence in the threatened further demands for
*rcld from Ne-jr York. It ir important to note
that the weakness of sterling exchange ie
largely due to the heavy buying of Etocks for
London- account, which amounted, according
to reliable estimates to 43.001) shares. The time
money market was dull to-day, borrowers ex
pecting lower rates and lenders holding out for
the higher rates.
There wae greatly Increased activity In bonds
as well as In stocks and prices advanced verj
generally. High trrade bonds were not con
spicuous In the dealings. Total sales, par value,
tZ.7CC.000. United States 3* registered advanced
ii l<er cent* on the la*t call.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
The provisions market was quiet, firm early
in sympathy with a strong hog market, but
eased later in sympathy with the wheat weak
ness. Packers sold moderately during the fore
noon to outsiders, but later an influential oper
ator was buyer of November lard, January
pork and lard closed unchanged and ribs a
shade lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October ". 73«J 73% 73H 73«i
November 74 % 74^ 73V» 73'i
December 74»4 74*4 74^ 74Vi
Corn No. 2—
October 40 41 40 40*4
I November 37% 8S*4 . 37% 3SVi
I December 35«i 36 35% 35^i
May 36*i 36% 36H 3674
Oats No. 2—
October 21% 21% 21% ' 21%
November 21* 8 -22 21T4 21H
December v 22V6 22«i 22H 22U
Mess Pork, per barrel —
October : 14 00
November 11 O2V4
January 1145 11 47£ 1140 1140
Lard, per 100 pounds —
October .... 7 00
November 6 97^ 7 00 6 97>4 6 07Vi
January 8 70 6 72V4 6 67V4 6 67^
I Short RJbs, per 100 pounds—
'October 6 97>£
i November 6 32^4
j January :.. 6 02% 6 05 6 02% 6 02£
Contra Costa.. 69% 70% 3prlng Valley.. 93!i »3%
Majin County. 51',i —
¦ . (Uh aK1> ELKfTRi'- <! TOCK.s^
Cent 1> Sc P Co. 4 4% Pac l> Co 44 •-•—>
Eqult OL Co.-, 3% 3% -Sac El G*RCo 34 —
Mutual El Co. 9% lQfc'S F G & E.... SO 50%
OO L & H 4:««-i *9% San Francisco. 5 5H
Pac Gas Imp..blH — sum o Jt *. c — l« •
. v-c ., . vce STOCKS. .
Flrem's Fund. 224 237 »
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 6SH 70 First Natlonl.,296 300
Bank of Cal. .407^410 Lon P He A.. ..135 —
Cal S E> Sl T..104V»105 1 /4 Merchants' Ex II 18
DAVO.U& HANK*.
Ger S & L — 1900 Sav & L So... — fl
Hum S & L.. — — sue oav Hit.. — -
Mut Sav Bk.. 54 — [Union T Co — — —
S F Sav U....515 — ' :•-*¦'
STREET RA1L.RO An STOCKS.
r".H<vvMa ....1- |O S L ft H.... — 424
Gcary-st 30 40 Presidio 17 22
Market-st — .— I
«-O\V'»'-'R STOCKS.
California .... — «O Vigrorlt I* 3V4
Giant Con Co. 83H S3
.>i tj.4 .< PTOCKS •
Hana S P Co. 7 7% Kllauea SPC- 21
Haw C & S Co — 87>i Makaweli S Co 41U 41H
Ilonokaa S Co. 30*i — Onomea. S Co. 28 —
Hutch S P Co. 24Vi — Paauhau S Co. 30 SOU
»1lr ?• u,»SEOI* .-r« % CK».
Al Pack Assn. 125 126 Pac A F A.... 1% -
Cal Fruit Asn. — — Pac C Bor Co. 150 —
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 Par .Faint Co.. 12% — t
Ocanlc S Co.. 92 ! ,i 93
Mornlnsr Session.
Board—
220 California Fruit Canners* lOo 00
10 Hana Plantation Co TOO
73 Honokaa S Co 30 25
100 Hutchinson S P Co >4 2a !
20 Makaweli S Co 41 75
130 Makaweli S Co 41 50
50 Makaweli S Co 4100
$2C00 Oceanic S S bonds 108 73
130 Paauhau S P Co 30 25
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 25
10 8 V Water 93 75
50 S V Water -. 93 50
3SV Water.. 93 00
Street—
$20,000 Oceanic S S bonds 103 75
Afternoon Session.
Board — *
10 California Fruit Canners' 106 00
150 Honokaa S Co W 25
10 Market Street Railway «7 CO
$1000 Market St Ry 1st Con 5s 118 50
$1000 U S 33 coupon .-...110 12H
$3000 Oceanic S S bonds 108 75
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Moraine Session.
Board —
SOO Cala-Standard 34
50 El Dorado 2 65
100 San Joaquln Oil & Dev f 13%
800 Twenty-Eight 2 15
Street—
200 Twenty-Eight 2 15
' 100 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 9 1214
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Independence 29 ¦
330 McKittrick Consolidated 30
100 McKittrick Consolidated 35
200 McKittrick Consolidated 40
50 Twenty-Eight 2 10 '
CO Yukon 53
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the- sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Alta 03 1300 Ophlr .\..l 00
200 Belcher 20 100 Ophlr 99
30O Best & Belcher. 36 M Savage S3
200 Bullion 03 200 Savage 31
150 Con Cal & Va..l 25 500 Sierra Nevada. 33
600 Gould A Curry. 80 100 Sierra Nevada. 33
100 Gould & Curry. 31! 100 Silver Hill 37
400 Justice .-. 03: 100 Union Con 23
1200 Mexican 4S 300 Union Con 27
50 Mexican 43
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha 04! 500 Crown Point....' 13
400 Andes 00 30O Hale & Norcrs. 22
300 Best & Belcher. 31 200 Hale & Norcr*. 34
200 Caledonia 41 3no Mexican 42
100 Challenge 13 700 Ophlr 94
10O Chollar .¦ 2>J 600 Savage 23
100 Chollar 13 700 Sierra Nevada. 30
100 Chcllar IS 1 40O Union Con 25
300 Con Cal & Va..l 20 300 Yellow Jacket.. 20
500 Con New York. 021
Following were the sales' In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes V* 800 Mexican 44
500 Best & Belcher. 34 300 Mexican 43
200 Con Cal & Va..l 3OI120O Ophir 1 00
200 Con Cal & Va..l 25! 900 Ophir 1 02H
3tt> Crown Point.... 14 V*) Ophlr 105
200 Gould & Curry. 80 200 Ophlr »>
500 Hale & Norcrs. 33 300 Ophlr 95
500 Hale & Norcrs. 35 200 Ophlr 94
500 Justice C« SCO PotosI 20
700 Mexican 46 250 Savage 33
S0O Mexican 47 300 Sierra Nevada.. 33
6C0 Mexican 45 ISO Sliver Hill 38
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 32) 400 Mexican «
300 Best & Belcher. 31 300 Ophlr ..: 94
900 Chollar VJ S0O Ophlr 93
100 Chollar 21 700 Ophlr 91
700 Con Cal & V...1 20 500 Potoel Vi
300 Con Cal & V.I 17HI 500 Savage &
10O Crown Point 13! 500 Savage 27
700 Crown Point.... 13 i SCO Sierra Nevada. 30
1300 Mexican 43 700 Union Con 25
1300 Mexican 42 900 Yellow Jacket.. 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Oct. 23—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. j Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 05 Justice 04 0«
Alta 02 04 Kentuck 02 04
Andes 03 09 Lady Wash — 03
Belcher 13 13 Mexican 41 43
Best & Belcher. 30 31 Occidental 09 11
Bullion 02 03 Ophtr 90 91
Caledonia 40 41 Overman 09 10
Chollar 20 21 PotosI 17 19
Challenge Con.. 13 IS Savage 2« 27
Confidence 75 — Scorpion ....... 01 —
Con Cal & Va..l 15 1 2OiS»g Belcher — 03
Con Imperial... 01 03 Sierra Nevada. 29 30
Con New York. 01 — Stiver Hill 35 33
Eureka Con.... — 45 St Louis — 13
Crown Point 13 14 Standard 3 65 —
Exchequer — 03 Syndicate 04 —
Gould & Curry. 78 80 Union Con 24 25
Hale & Norcrs. 32 33 Utah JJ 13
Julia .,. — 04 Yellow Jacket.. 19 20
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTI01TS.
Alameda County.
Timothy Paige to A. H. Duncombe . lot on
S line of Fifteenth Btreet, 100 W of Willow. W
102:6 by S 111:3. being lots 20 to 23. block P.
Garden Tract Homestead, Oakland; |10.-
A. H. Duneombe to Charles and Minnie Odh
lot on S line of Fifteenth street. 177:6 TV of
Willow. W 23 by S 111:3, being lot 23, block
F, same; $10.
John W. and Annie McKenzIe to William
Corbln. lot on N line of Thirty-sixth or Loean
street. 108.71 W of West. W 26.12. N 140. E 26.
S 142.43 to beginning, portion of lot 19. block
H, Major Given Tract. Oakland: 110.
Sophronla A. Strike (widow) to Richard JJ.
and Ella V. Clark, lot on W line of Myrtle
street, 151 8 of Twenty-fourth, S BO by W 122.
being the E 122 feet of lots 15 and 18, block
635. on map of Market-street lots, Oakland: $10.
L. A. Burris to Isabel Shlrek, all Interest in
estate of D. Swett, Probate No. 5S32; f200.
Builders' Contracts.
Catherine Kennedy, Emma Knox and Cather
ine Short (owners) with August R. Jr. and E.
II. Denke (contractors), architect . Raising
alterations and additions to a two-story frame
dwelling on N line of Jackson street. 65 W of
Hyde. W 27:« by N 113:6; »4W5O.
James H. Davis (owner) with Daniel Ein
stein (contractor and architect)— Carpenter
concrete and brick work, plumbing, plastering
mill and electric work and picture moldings for
a two-story frame building on W line of Ash
bury street. 110 S of Pasre, S 27:«, W 137-6 N
25. E 50, N 2:6, E 87:6, Western Addition block
674: $5500.
Mary L. Phelan. by attorney (owner) with J
G. Grannls (contractor), architect William Cur-
Ittt— Hot water heating apparatus for a two
story and attic residence on lot In- Mission
block 70 (SW corner of Valencia and Seven
teenth streets): $232?.
Mrs. Marcla B. Cleveland (owner) with Bletch
&. Lansing: (contractors), architect William
Knowles— Mason, carpenter, tin and mill work,
plastering, hardware, painting and piumblnr
for a frame cottage on E lino of Fifth avenue
125 N of Lake street. N 30 by E 120; |2733.
American Biscuit Company (owners) with
George Goodman (contractor), architects Wright
& Sanders— Concrete and cement work for alter
ations and additions to four-story stone build
ing on NW corner of Broadway and Battery
street; (3719.
United States Government (owner), Richard
Slunott (contractor) with ¦ Union Planing Mill
Company (sub-contractors), architect . Mill
work for three buildings for officers' quarters
at United States Training Station on Yerba
Buena Island (Goat Island, San Francisco
Bay): $2700.
In oats there was little doing, though the
crowd la Inclined to stay on the long side.
December closed a shade up at 22i4©22Vic.
CHICAGO. Oct. 22.— Dullness brooded over the
wheat pit nearly the whole session. The inter
est of outsiders was lacking and business was
therefore left principally to pit traders. The
market started out with a good array of bull
ish operations, but the response was very
weak. December opening only »4c higher at 71%c.
Liverpool was »4d higher; world's shipments
were only 7.4S4.0C0 bubhels, over a million under
Saturday's expectations; the on-pasaage (state
ment rhowed a decrease of 40S.OOO bushels, ac
cording to Board of Trade figures and in the
Northwest there was rain, with the signal
service predicting more of it. The market
fluctuated narrowly for hours, December at one
time touching; 74%c, but recovering to 74»ic.
Near the end of the session, influenced by large
prlrrary receipts and an Increase in the visible
supply, as well as the outside apathy, Decem
ber dropped to 74V4@74'/ic, at which the mar
ket closed %<gVic under Saturday.
Corn was quiet, but firm. December closed
»ic higher at 30?4c. Wet weather, higher
cables and shorts covering were the factors of
the strength.
Butter „ rules : weak and % the tendency la to
make liberal concessions '• to ¦ work ¦ off stocks,
•which are too large in view- of the preference
of buyers^ for the cheaper packed goods.
BUTTER— -
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 26c; Seconds,
25c- ¦¦'¦¦-¦¦:¦'. - ¦ ¦¦ - •
"iDalry— Fancy, 24c; good to . choice, 22©23c:
common, 20®21c. ' - . ¦
¦j Creamery tub— 20®22Ho per Ib.
Pickled roll— I9®2lc."
- Flrkln-1801»o, ~; •-
Storage coods— 23H©24a . •
CHEESE— New, ll»114o; old. IO01 Toang
Eegs ar» quoted still higher.' the market be
ing lightly ; supplied. ¦ . 1
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Two car* of Eastern Poultry arrived, apd
there will be more In a day or" two.
Game held up very well for Monday, as.re
ceipts wer* not excessive and a good deal was
¦polled. ¦ ¦ , :. 1
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@16c for Gobblers
and 14©iec for Hens; old Turkeys,- U@12Hc; :
Geese, per pair, U 25#1 50; Goslings. $1 5001 75;
Ducks. S3©4 for old and $3 50®4 00 for young :'
Hens, $3 B0©3; Young; rRposters, |3 66134; Old
Roosters, %s B0©4 ; Fryers, *3@3 60 ; Broilers. $3
8 BO for. large and $2@2 50 for small ; Pigeon*,
$l@l 25 per docen for old and $1 6001 75 for
Squab*. . ' '. .¦••¦¦
GAME— Quail, 31 25®1 50 for Valley and «
for Mountain; -Mallard, '$4@7; ¦ Canvasback.
$300 50; Sprig. J3@4 50; Teal, »2©4; Widgeon,
$2 50@3; Small Duck. $1 50@2 50: Gray Geese,
%2<Q% 50; White Geene, $1@1 25; Brant, %\ 60@2
for email and $202 50 for large; English Snipe,
$1@1 25; Jack Snipe, 75c@$l: Hare. Jl 23; ¦ Rab
bits, Jl 25(81 50 for cottontail and $1 for brush;
Doves, eoc per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Choice Salinas Burbanks are a shade firmer.
Onions rule firm. , Vegetables are generally
higher, owing to lighter receipts.
POTATOES— Bur ban Ks. 30<&i»0c for Rivers and
85c<BU12Vi Per ctl • for Salinas and 65®«0c for
Oregon; Sweets, 50(^750 for Rivers and }1 [or
Merced. ¦ ¦
ONIONS— 65®80o per ctl;. Pickle Onions, 35®
60c.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2@5c per lb;
String Beans, «4®3c; Llmas, 2@3c per lb; Cab
bage, $l; 'Tomatoes, Bay, 60c@*l 25; Egg Plant.
30(550c per box; ? Green Okra, 50@60c; Green
Peppers, 35@50c per. box for Chill and 40®50c
for Bell; Dried Peppers. ; 10® 15c; CarroU, 25@35c
per sack; Summer Squash. 60@86c for Alameda:
Cucumbers. 35@50c- for Alameda; Pickles, $1 25
per box for No. 1- and 65c for No. 2; Garlic.
4S4 l /4c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, ISlglO per ton.
BEANS— Bayos, |2 10@2 25; Small White, $3 80
@3 GO- Large White. $2 50@2 60; Pink, $2#2 10;
Red $2 60@3; Blackeye, $2 75@2 85; Lima, 15 20
®5 30; Pea, $3 7a@4: Red. Kidneys, $2 75ijj'3.
SEEDS Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal ; Flax, $2 25® 2 40; Canary,
3V-C per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2>4®3c; Hemp, 4fi4^c;
Timothy, 4@4MiC. - ¦
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 50@2) Green. $1 800
2 20 per ctlj Blackeye, $1 6001 75.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The new crop of Beans continues to arrive
freely, but the feeling Is steady, owing to a
good shipping demand and the damage by the
recent rains.
MIDDLINGS— 117@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $16@18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, |25#26; Jobbing,
1*6 50; Cocoanut Cake,' 117018; Corn Meal, $26@
27; Cracked Corn. *26 50@!7 50; Mixed Feed, $15
©16.
HAY— Volunteer, $508; Wheat. $11@13 50;
Wheat and Oat. |10®12 B0: Oat. »9@11 60; Clover.
13^7; Alfalfa. $6 50@S 50; Barley. |7@9 per ton.
STRAW— 35®45c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
BRAN— $16@17 per ton,
Hay rules firm at unchanged prices. There
were large receipts of Bran from Oregon and
the market was slightly off.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 <0<8
3 75; usual terms; Bakers* Extras, 33 40@3 80;
Oregon and Washington, 32 75@3 10 per bbl for
family and {3 15Q3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern,
{4 75«?5 76 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: • Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Mea! 12 M; Rice Flour, J7; Corn Meal, $2 7S;
extra' cream do, $3 50; Oat Croats. $4 50; Hom
ing $3 50®3 75; Buckwheat Ylour. $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50: Farina, , J4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), I6<ff
7 25; In sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley. $6; Split
Peas. 15: Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstttffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. •
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Continue . firm and unchanged.
White. |1 35&1 50; Surprise. ?1 45fcfl 55; Red,
U li'ffl 25 for feed and |1 20<??l 40 for seed; Gray,
U 25@1 35: Black, for feed, U 12%@1 20; for
seed. II 22U<E?1 32% per ctl.
CORN— The market Is still lightly supplied
and quiet. Eastern yellow and white are
quoted at <1 22*4 and Eastern mixed at $1 20
per ctl.
It YE— 90c per ctl.
BUCKWHt'AT- Nominal.
Informal Session— «:15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls. »7%c. May— 8000. $1 04%. ' .
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls. 98c. May
—2000, $104*i ; 8000, $104?s.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
SSc.
Afternoon Session — December — 12.000 ctls,
97»ic: 6000. 97">»c. May— 4000. J104H: 4000, $1 04Hc.
BARLEY— The market continued Inactive and
nominal, with hardly any disposition to buy.
Feed 71U®"2%c for choice bright, Ca^TOc
for No 1 and 62%@67Hc for off grades; Brew
ing and Shipping grades, 73fiS0c; Chevalier,
nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— The markets continued dull and
featureless everywhere, and fluctuations were
narrow. Chicago reported a very moderate de
mand, without news. The American visible
supply increased 1,335.000 bushels.
The local spot market was unchanged, but
futures declined slightly.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95c; Milling, 97V4c@
SI Der ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — *» 82
Sterling Kxchange. sight — 4 85
Sterling Cables — . 4 f »
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — , 12%
Fine Sliver, per ounce v ~,,\ a . S, 1 *
Mexican Dollars, nominal 60% @ *1
Exchange and Bullion.
Presno W|
San Francisco data.— Maximum temperature.
C7; Eiii«lii^'»i*i2. i^l raean, 6L.
VEATHES CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy and. threatening weather prevails over
tine wtstern portion of Wa^iiincton and Ore
zaa. with occasional rain and &en&rally clouay
wfather over the central p<^rtion of California
ai;d over Neraia and Southern Idaho.
A storm hit* ap^ared ofi Vancouver Islaxid
and will prvf.ii.bly raovt eastward through the
British possessions. An. area of high pressure
i« centruJ off the Northern California coast.
The temi»erature has failen over Washington.
Oretron Northwestern Idaho and Northern
Nevada mad risen over Utah. The temperature
is about normal throughout California.
Forecast male at San Francisco for 30 hours
en-linc midnisrht October 23. 1S00:
Northtm Caiifornia-Partly cloudy Tuesday;
Tuesday; light west
Nevada— Fair T-uesday; cooler.
Viah— Fair; cooler Tuesday.
J-an Francisco and viclnity-Partly cloudy
Tu<-=<5ay; warmer; light northwest wind.
G. H. W1LL6ON. Local Forecast Official.
<12-7th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Oct. 22. 5 p. m.
The fallowing maximum temperatures were
reported from stations la California to-day:
i. .:¦ r.n .'. E6 Lk>6 Angeles SO
Mount Ta-malpais 5* raeramento 7^
Iride^ender.oe "4 ran Luis Obispo «s
Red Bluff ~< ! > ¦Nin Diego ....T2
Weather Report.
Mail advices from New York mt:
' The situation In dried fruits continue* ex
tremely quiet. The truJe 'e hu>lr,g only to
£11 Immediate- wants. There Is a small Bcat
terri d'-maud, but no business of any sizable
pr-.jjortloiui. Local jobbers, dealers and com
mi5si'->n men have about made up their minds
ttat trade will continue slow until after elec
tion, partlcsbuty if the warm weather
keeps up.
•"The raisin market 1* unchanged and de
mand Is —)»» New coast seeded are now
arrivinp. There is still quite a general ex
pectation cf an advance on loose raisina very
ioca, even ainonK the more conservative men
la the trade. Prices. It Is thought by these
<5»>a:erE, eljortly will be made on Pacific which
H is expected will be nearly as good as stand
fcrds, end at the same time quotations on the
present standards will be put up. Prices on
I'aciScs. according to this view, will be those
now asked for tvandards.
"Currants are quiet, goin* out in only a
email way at full prices. Dates enow more
activity than ar.y other line. A isale of a car
cr Haflowl was reported ye?te:day at full
j.rices. Smyrna fi£6 meet a little demand at
:•¦-'/ 14c and' a. little business is heard cl izi
Malaga tigs in tapnets at K\c. Demand for
grunts is «naJl and little interest Is taken in
other fruits, except epot evaporated apple?,
in which Mere is a fair trade at prices rang
int; from (fiSc.
¦Nuts cr.- ca:«, filberts and Brazils com
::..-.- mc^t'ir.vereex."
Dried Fruit in New York.
American ; securities were brisk throughout
the session, mainly on professional business.
The public sold more than it. bought, being
Inclined to await the definite Issue of the elec
tions. Overnight order* from New York started
the ball rolling. Berlin, assisted by New York,
jumped Baltimore and Ohio and the Louisville
and Nashville, the latter In v the. late* trading.
London has taken no initiative,' but is pre
dicting a MrKlnley boom. . New York bought
Anaconda freely. The demand for - gold waa
s!ack and Quotations were down to 77s ll%d bid.
London declined to deal in bills to-day. Paris
and Berlin took all the business.
Silver was strong, closing, at 30d on Indian
The markets here were favorably Influenced
by the Anglo-German a&reement concerning
China, but business was not Increased, except
In the American department. It was observed
that the German favorites rose, while the fa
vcrltes of the French market went off.
SEW YORK, Oct.. 22.— The Commercial Ad
virt!*«-r'B London financial cablegram saj-s: '
London Market.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 22.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund.
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
talance, tl32.607.O5S; gold, 185,327.920.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. Oct. 22.— Money on call firm at
Z&> per cent; last loan, 5 per cent; prime mer
cantile paper, ES< per cent: sterling exchange
was easy, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 83% for demand and $4 S0%@( 80%
for Bixty days; poeted rates, }4 81H@4 82 and
fl 85^4 85%: commercial bills. $4 S0K&4 SO-*;
silver certificates. 64%e«5%c; bar silver, 64%c;
Mexican dollars. 5O&C: Government bonds,
firmer: State bonds,- strong; railroad bonds,
ttrong.
New York Money Market.
Chollar 20 Ontario 6 00
Crown Point 15;Ophlr 80
Con Cal & Va 1 20|Plymouth 11
Deadwood OOjQuicksilver ........ 1 25
Gould &¦ Curry 73) do prefd 6 00
Hale & Norcross.. 34 Sierra Nevada .... S3
Homestake 53 00 Standard 3 45
Iron Silver :.... TO Uhlon Con 27
Mexican 40 Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— (Union Pacific 61*4
Call loans 3H@4lt Union Land 1%
Time loan* 5Sti West End 41V:
Stocks — Bonds —
Atchleon 31 Atchlson 4s 99^4
do prefd "4»i N E G & Coke 6s. 62
Am Sugar 122% Mining shares
do prefd ...116',i Adventure 6
Bell Telephone 146 Allouez Mln Co ... 2>4
Boston & Albany. .247 Aznalir Copper .... S3V.
Boston Elevated. ..152 Atlantic 24>*
Boston & Maine. ..108 Boston & Mont 321
C B & Q 128% Butte & Boston ... 67%
Pom Coal 40 Calumet & IIeda..77O
do prefd 113 Centennial 18
Fed Steel 3S% Franklin 14%
do prefd 6S% Humboldt 23
Pltchburg prefd ..138 Oeceola 72%
Gen Elec 144 Parrot 48%
do prefd 140 Santa Fe Copper.. 7>i
Ed Elec III 215 Tamarack 237
Mex Cent 21 Utah Mining 33
Mich Telephone.... 85 Winona 3%
Old Dominion 22 W&lverines 4%
MINING STOCKS.
CLOSING BONDS.
V 8 2s ref reg...-104 .N Y Central lsts..lOS%
U S 2s ref coup.. 104 N J Cent ren 5s....l23Vz
U S 3s reg 10S N Pacific 3s 66
V S 3s coup 109*4 N Pacific 4s 103^
U S new 4s reg....l33'iiN Y C & St L 4S..106
U S new 4s coup.. 134m N & W con 4b 87tf
D S old 4s reg lHHiOr Nav Ists 103
U S old 4s coup...H4»i Or Nav 4e 102%
V S 5s reg 112 Or Short Line 6S..127
U S 5s coop H3U Or S Line con 5s.. Ill
Dis of Col 3.63s... .123Vi! Reading gen 4s.... &9
Atchison «ren 4s....l00H:R G W Ists........ 9SU
Atchlson adj 4s.... SS St L & I M con 5S.110U
Canada So 2ds....lO7 St L & S F gen 6s. 126
Ches & Ohio 4%s.. 99%iSt Paul cons 170Vi
Ches & Ohio 5s. ...120 jStPC&P lsU...118>»
C & NW con 7s..U3',iiSt P C & P Bs 119
C 4c NWSFdeb 5s. 120 So Pacific 4s 80%
Chgo Term 4s 92 |So Railway 5s 109',
Colo Southern 4s... 82^4; Stand R & T 6s... 6S%
D & R G Ists 103 !Tex & Pac Ists. ...114
D & R G 4s S'J%iTcx. £ Pac 2ds 70
Erie General 4s.... 71% Union Pacific 4s. ..106
F W & 13 C lets... 73% ! Wabash Ists 118
Gen Electric 5b 120 IWabash 2ds 103
Iowa Central Ists..ll4 West Shore 4s 113^4
L & X Unt 4r 9S*i Wis Cent Ists 87%
M K & T 2ds 67y 4 Va Centuries 81',i
M K & T 4s 93
20.000 Reading: 1st prefd.... l%\
S.640 Reading 2d prefd 2SH
Rio Grande Western 49
Rio Grande 'Western prefd 60 !
155 St Louis & San F"ran IMS I
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 6<> s i |
LOM St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 35^ i
J.00 1 ) St Louis Southwestern 13 , •
3.3.'K) St Louis Southwestern prefd S0 s i -
15,000 Bt Paul 116
110 St Paul prefd 171
St Paul & Omaha 112
29,:iO Southtrn Pacific 35%
8,4:i0 Southern Railway '. 13
8.0C5 Southern Hallway prefd 57
6,810 Texas & Pacific H* I
4'.'.€2; Union Pacific 617* j
5,270 Union Pacific prefd "6V4 1
720 Wabash 71 i
2,424 AVaba^h rrefd W'i ¦
3.775 Wheeling & I^ke Erie 9»4 |
3,600 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 26 l * |
4*} Wisconsin Central 12** i
ITiird Avenue Ill j
Express Coir.panles—
Adams 1*8
American 153
United States 4S
Wells Karto l^ 5
Miscellaneous —
7C0 Am3rican Cotton Oil Sfi
Araerican Cotton Oil prefd SI
ICO American Malting *Sb
141) .American Malting prefd 23
3.4IJ) American Smelting & Refining 41U
1.420 American Smelting & Ref prefd SOVj
American Spirits 1
American Fpirlis prefd 1"
16,111 American Steel Hoop 244
2.060 American Steel Hoop prefd <1H
42.J10 American Steel & Wire S6U
7,1:0 American Steel & Wire prefd 76*» '
6.4S0 American Tin Piate 33», j
300 American Tin Plate prefd «4 j
21.1S0 American Tobacco 9S
American Tobacco prefd 127
6.0."* Anaconda Mining Co 46T4 j
41.700 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 5S*« :
S.CSO Colorado Vuel & Iron » T ?
15.073 Cuntincntal Tobacco 30U
3.1^5 Continental Tobacco prefd S24
30.0W 1 Federal Steel 39*i
4. f,20 Federal Steel prefd CSV, j
1.410 General Electric 143
3,2*0 Glucose Sugar 5j |
1C0 Glucose Sugar prefd '. 93
L;.3.") International Paper 20
SC5 International Paper prefd 65
1.200 l^aclede Gas 3SVi
3.577 National Biscuit 35'-i
13.500 National Bl«cult prefd Wa
1,420 National Lead 2^4
320 National Lpad prefd 9T-\
L<-70 National Steel 30
2.0T.0 National Steel prefd S6
r>0 New York Air Brake 12S*i
i.275 North American 15%
100 Pacific Coast i&
Pacific Coast 1st prefd M
PaciHc Coast 2d prefd 68
21.470 Pacific Mail 40V*
37,K« People's Gas 94»i
\C,~y> Pressed Fte«l Car 44
650 Pressed Steel Car prefd 80
S30 Pullman Palace Car 190
.V*> Standard Rope & Twine "H
49/Ji-O Sugar 123
123 Sugar prefd U6H
l*,ra Tennessee Coal & Iron 53\
13,700 T'nited States Leather 12'i
2,026 T'nited States Leather prefd 71Vi
15,i:<0 United States Rubber 33'i
SCO United States Rubber prefd 94
2.C3 'Western Union 73; 8
11.&50 Republic Iron & Steel Co HH
",0U> Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd oe^
P C C & St L/auls &S^
867.7C0 Shares sold.
LOCAL MARKETS.
QU ApiuCOTS— Royal. ll<S14c: Moorpark. 15®16c.
PEACHES— Peeled, l€®20c; unpeeled, 6©9c.
Trading in evaporated apples was of a hand
to-mouih character at the market, quiet and
steady, at nominally unchanged prices. State
common, 4?i5c; prime. 4%S5Uc; choice. 6^@6c;
fancy. 6S6V4c.
California dried fruits dull but steady. .
PRUNES— 3ViQ 8c per pound, as to size ana
DRIED FRUITS.
* ; *
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— FLOIJR— Receipts,
?9,!<66 barrels; exports. 2S.22J; sales; 7300 pack
apeF. Tors- slow and weaker to sell, owing to
depression In whpnt.
•WHEAT- Receipt?. 36S.000 bushels; .exports.
1W.0C0; sales, 2.10O-.C00 bushel? futures. nO.000
spot. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, ?"%c to. b.
afloat. 7G-«c elevator: No. 1 Northern puluth.
M-*c t. o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard Duluth. S.?»c
f o. b. afloat. Options opened firm on foreign
buying, small world's receipts, rain In the
Northwest and loral covering: subsequentij
declined under a liberal visible. supply increase
end realizing and closed weak at l 4®*tc net
decline. March. *2 3-16ffS2Tic, closed 8-H c ;
May. S2Si®S3c, closed 8214c; October cosed <7c.
December. 78 13-16Q'T9 9-16c. closed TSTic
IIOPS-Qulet.
HIDES— Firm.
COFFER-^Spot Rio. dull: No. 7 Invoice,
S Cordon. 9*@"c- /"££»
clOEed steady, 5f 10 points net lower. Total
snles. 23,000 bags. Including: October. « 95.
IXcember. $7 05: March. $7 25g7 30: May. J7 80®
7 To: July. J7 40; September. $< »0(^7 Bo.
SUGiR-Raw, steady: fair refining «Hc,
centrifuRal. ?6 test. 4%c; molasses sugar. 3%c,
"iluTTFK-Receipts. 7334 packages. Creamery
lC^:Hc: June creamery. 18©21c;; factory. 130
1£ KGGS-Recelpts. 81.S0 P^^^^^r^^lSa
rrn regular packing at mark. lVfflSc. Western.
less Off. 21C.
New York Grain and Produce.
Silver higher.
Wheat dull, zrith weaker futures.
Barley inactive and nominal.
Oats firm, Corn in light supply and Rye steady.
Large receipts of Bran from Oregon.
Hax firm at previous quotation's.
Good Potatoes firm. Onions a shade higher.
Vegetables firm under diminishing receipts.
Butter -weak and in overstock. Eggs continue to advance.
Tzi'O cars of Eastern Poultry in. Game continues firm.
Fresh and Dried Fruits about as before.
Hides and Leather firmer and more active.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Another advance in Linseed Oil.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Flour, qr sks 7,18S<5ggB, doz 9,150
.Wheat, ctls.. 4,750 Hides, No......... 160
Barley.- ctls 3,l.Vi ?elts, bdls. 73
Oats. ctls.... 1.2S0 Wool, sku... 7
Butter, ctls.;...;. 123 Hops, bales 97
Cheese, ctls 2S7 Hay, tons 673
Wine/ gals........ 19,100 Middlings, sks.... 400
Sugar, bbls 562 Bran, sks 935
Sugar. . sks... 2,200 Onions, .sks .. 1,320
Leather, rolls — 59 Potatoes, sks 6.240
Powder, . cars '1 Beans. • sks 5,813
OREGON. - "
Flour,' qr sks 15,128 Bran, sks.. ..,.....• 6 883
.Potatoes, sks...* 3.10S ¦
UTAH. *
Flour, qr sks 8.120 |
FOR MONDAY. OCTOBER 22.
Receipts of Produce.
LINSEED OIL— Is still higher at 84c per gal
lon-- for raw and 86c for boiled, in barrels;
cases, 5c more.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $3 C3; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6H@«Hc; Wool
Bags, 2S^<532%c; Fleece Twine, 7^c; Fruit
Bags, CHfSWic for white and 8U@8%c for
bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington, J9 per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington. $9: Seattle, $7; Bryant, $7: Coos Bay.
$5 60; Wallsend, $9: Co-operative Wallsend. $9;
Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg-g, $14: Cannel. $12
per ton: Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and $18 In
tacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per
2000 lbs and 18 50 per ton, according to brand.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.65c; Powdered, 6.25c; Candy Gran
ulated, 6.25c: Dry Granulated, 6.15c; Confec
tioners' A, 6.15c; Magnolia A, 6.75c; Extra C,
5 ti5c; Golden C, 6.65c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c mere; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or its equivalent. ' Dominos. half-bar
relf. 6.$ft»".br>TPs, 7.15c rer lh.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5Hc for small, 6%c for
medium and 5Uc fpr large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5c; dressed Hogs. 7@ftc.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
BEEF— GSCJAe for Steers and 5@oijc per lb
for Cows. '
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small, SV4@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. "37%c; ewes, 6&©7c per
pound.
LAMB— SfjS^c per lb.
HOPS— Il(gl4c uer lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL*— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, lf.fnCo: Northern, defective, 12®
14c; Middle County, free, 14916c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12@14c; Southern Mountain, 12
months', 9gi0c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', ll@12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 9@llc; Humboldt and Mendocino, 18
@17c; Nevada. 13015 per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joarjutn.- 8Hff ?e: do Lambs', 8
©9c; Middle County. 9®llc per lb.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4^c per lb; No.
2, 3!&3Vic; grease, 2@2%c.
lilDEb A.NU SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9g9%c; medium, 8Hc; light, 8c: Cow
hides, 8c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 8c; Salted
Veal. 8c; Salted Calf. 9c; Dry Hides. 15@15>4c;
culls, 12«T13c; Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf. 15@16c;
culls and brands, 12@13c; Sheepskins. Shear
lingf. 15#25c each; short "W\x>l. 30340c each;
medium, £0@70c; long Wool. 75c#$l each; Horse
Hides, «alt. J2©2 25 for large. $1 76 for medium.
$1 for small and f.Oc for colts; -Horse Hides,
dry, $1 to for large. $1 25 for medium. $1 for
small and 25@&0c for colts. Deerskins— Summer
or red skins. 35c: fall or medium skins, 30c;
winter or thin skins, 17fe@2Oc. Goatskins-
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
Dealers In Hides and Leather are now quot
ing a firmer and more active market, saying
that the general confidence that {he financial
policy of the Government will be sustained at
the coming election is infusing more spirit into
trade. Prices, however, show no improvement.
Dealers quote a fairly active and unchanged
market.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. UHo per lb for
heavy. 12c for light medium, 13i&c for light,
14c for extra light and 15',-ic for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured hr.my. 12c; Mess Beef,
$12 10 per bbl: extra Mess, {13 50; Family, $14;
extra Prime Pork, $16: extra clear. $19 60; Mesz.
$17; Smoked Beef. 13c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6?4c per lb for com
pound and 94c for pure; half -barrels, pure,
9!ic; 10-Ib tins. lOVic: 6-lb tins, 10%c.
COTTOLENE — One-half' barrel. 8Hc: three
half barrels. 8V4c; one tierce, 8?»c; two tierces,
8V«c; five tlerceb, Muc per lb. *
Hides, Tallozu, Wool and Hops.
Provisions.
HONET— Comb, 13%©14i4e for bright and 12%
©13c for light amber; watsr white, extracted.
7%4f8c; light amber, extracted. 7S7Hc; dark, 8
£CV4c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®2fic per lb.
FRUITS — Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c:
40-SOs, 7c; 60-603. SVic: 6O-70». 3%c; 70-80s.- «4c;
Mi-SOs, 2%c; JO-lOOs, 2Uc; 100s and OTer, 2c: ru
bles, %c premium: Sonomas. He and San Joa
qulns He less than Santa Claras, except 1003
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, ttt
8c for Royals and 10©lH4c for Moorpark*;
Evaporated Apples. 4%S5Hc: sun-dried. 2>4@4c:
Peaches, 4V4©5c for standard, 5H@§c for choice
and 7<?Sc for fancy; Pears, 2#7c; Plums, pitted,
JfleVJc; unpltted. 1®1Hc; Nectarines, S®5^c for
red and 5%a6c for white.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
ecascn of 1JO0: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice. He; standard, f%c; prime. 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas—
Fancy, 10Hc per lb: choice. 914c; standard. *%c;
prime, 8c; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless.
EO-lb boxes, 6%c; 2-crown loose Muscatels. 6c;
J-crown, 6Vic; 4-crown, 7c; London Layer*. 2
crewn, il 60 per dok; 3-crown. Jl 60; Fancy
Clusters, it; Dehesa, $2 EO; Imperial. $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California. ,
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7®8c per lb; "Walnuts,
No. 1 softshell.' lie; No. 2. 8c; No. 1 hardshell.
10c; No. 2 7^c; Almonds, 15@lSc for paper
chell. ¦ 11012tfc for softshell: Peanuts. 5©«o for
Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pecans,
ll©13c: Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
There wa» very little new to report yester
day. Good Grapes ruled firm, as many came
In. wet, and prices held up. Melons were also
"firm and arrivals are rapidly dwindling. Tree
fruits showed little chance. , : ; ...
A car of new Navels came in and met with
a fair demand at quotations below.
" -lmCtUyjuUii KKU1TS —
A PPLES— 25«r5Oc -per box for common and
etfiJOc for good to choice: Spltzenbergs, 80c@Jl.
PEARS — Winter Nellis. 60c®*l; Cooking
IVsrn ?5«i«Sr p»r box.
QUINCES^-23««Cc ner box.
PERSIMMONS— K^TSc per box.
FIGS— Nominal. * _ _
CUANUEKUIES-Care Cod, *S 5008 75; Coos
Bav. $2ft2 2S rwr box.
STRAWBERRIES— $3 5O@4 50 per chest for
large and for ismall berries.
HUCKLKBKRRIES— 6c per pound.
RASPBERRIES-*C(56 per chest.
, POMEGRANATES— 4CC&J1, according to size
of box. ' ¦ -
PLUMS— 20JI40C per box.
OKAPES — llu^caiB. ToKays, black and other
' ordinary varieties. 2»5i3nc per small box and
4fXf(6Oc per crate; Isabellas, in crates, 60c<g$l;
Cornichon>«, in crates, . 50<fJS5c ; Wine Grapes.
J2CK&22 for white, $I1«?2I for Mission and 1210
20 per ton for Zlnfamlel.
MELONS — NutmcRs, 7Cf5:SOc per case; Canta
loupes. ?1Q1 5" per crate; Watermelons, 15
per II"
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, |3^4 50;
Lemons, 50c'«<i 50 tor common ana $i<tf* lor
Rood to choice: Mexican Lime*. $4@4 50; Ba
nanas. *1©2 25 per bunch; Pineapples. Jl 50®
S 60 per dozen. t,
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
America. 11012c: .Eastern. 13H®14c; Western.
10^iV cer lb. ' ".".'liii
EGGS— Quoted at 22»4®25c for store and 369
41c per dozen for ranch; Eastern.' 18®26o. ¦ :
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 22.— Wheat, dull and nomin
ally unchanged. Blue Stem. 65V»c; Club, 52>£c.
PORTLAND. Oct. 22.— The wheat market is
inactive. Walla Walla. 52«@33c; Blue Stem. 5o
@S6c; Valley. 53660c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Oct. 22.— Clearings, $555,278; bal
ance*. $91,078.
Portland's Business.
WHEAT— Spot— No. 2 red Western winter,
firm, 6s H4d: No. 1 Northern springr-dull 6s
4V43: No. 1 California, dull, 6s o'/jd. FJJtureB—
Quiet; December. Cs %d; February, 6s 2d.
CORN-Spot-Qulet; American mixed new,4s
5Vid. Futures— Steady; November. 4s lT»d; De
cember. 4s l%d: January, 3s lOVid.
LONDON, Oct. 22.— Consols. 90V4: silver. 29 '/»d;
French rentes. lOOf 2Vic; carsoes on passage,
quiet and steady; Kngllsh country markets,
quiet, at a decline 6s to lid: Import into United
Kingdom, wheat. 334.000 quarters; import into
United Kingdom, flour. 23T..0OO barrels: wheat
and flour on passage to United Kingdom. Z.Z!*).
000 quarters; wheat and flour on passage to
Continent. 1.140,000 quarters; Indian shipments
wheat to United Kingdom, none; Indian ship
ments to Continent, none.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 22.-Wheat. steady; No. l
standard California, ts 5WSIV* 6<i: wheat m
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, stead}-: »• I*JJ™
country markets, dull; weather in England, nne
but cold.
COTTON'-Uplands. 5 17-32d.
CLOSIXG-.
Foreign Markets.
¦ LONDON/ Oct. 22.— There • was a good all
around demand . and prices were steady at to
day's session of the wool auction sales. The
number • of bales 3 offered was 11,215. Fine
scoured was steady and medium inferior grades
Irregular^ America bought suitable merinos
and preasiea and the Continent bought merino*
and scoured -wools. - • ,
Cape of- Good , Hope and Natal wools, were
dull. Competition was good and Tasmanlan
greasy and Victoria greasy and coarse . cross
breeds were active and firm. Broken sorts sold
readily.
London Wool Market.
JO 60010. Lead and spelter were dull and nomi
nally unchanged at $4 37V4 and $4 10@4 13 re
spectively. . The ¦: brokers! price for lead was
?» and lor copper $16 87V4-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1900.
MONDAY.' Oct.' 22-2:30 p. m.
; '/. TTNITKrv STATES BONPs!
Is quar coup.'..114%115U Is do cp (new).134Ui3«£
4s do reg...;..114%U3V4 3s do coup.. ...HO —
Bay' Co* P CO..102H104 Oak Water 5s.lO3U —
Oai-«t Cab 5s..ll8V» — Oceanic S3 Gs.lOS«.lMV
C C Water 5S..107 - Om ; C Ry, 6s.. 125 -
fca L..& f oa.m- — PacO Imp 4s. 102, — '
F & Cl Ry Ca.V — — . P & Cl Ry 6s..lMUlO«
Geary-st R 5*. — - — P & o K R 69.11s —
H C &. S &Hb.. — — • Pow»tl-«t H fi«.117U —
Do R«. ....... .inn _ sac t. G&R 6s.l00Si —
LAR B8...;.-.105%136U 3F4 SJV 6s.U8 -
L a I,; 1,0 to.. - iiii S R of Cat 6s. — —
Do gntd Ss... — — S P of A 6a....ll2 —
L A entd 5s.. — ; 10H4 B P ofC6*i»05)
LA P H R Ss. - in'U. -<6erle« A>....107H —
Market-st 6s.v.l2SVil29 Do (Series B)10SH -
Do 1st M 6s. .118% — S P C *• '1906)10914110
V CNO'R 7s. — 1U Do (1912)..... 113 US%
N R of Cal 6s.ll» - B P R lsigSsllO? " .
-'Do 6S...Y.V... 116H — s rv,i>«« . iw — "
ft P C R R 6».102 — . S V Water A'slllS —
Do 6s.v:. ..;.. — • 107% Do Is......... — TQ3 '
N Cal Ry, 6s.. 110%- Do Sdimte.-.m -
Oak G I, & H.109% — Btktn Gas 8s.U90 108
Oak Tran 6S...116HH7
On the Bond Exchange Makaweli declined to
$41 and Spring : Valley* Water to $93. There
were; no other marked changes. Business was
quiet.' .¦ •• ; : .;¦.;• r .; -" : •
There was less doing : on the Oil , Exchange
though fair sales were made. **
The ¦ Llghtner ' Mining Company (Calaveras
County), has declared a 'dividend fXo. l) of 5
cents per share, payable Immediately.
STOCK . AND BOND EXCHANGE
LONDON', Oct. 22.— Atchlson. 82%; Canadian
Pacific. 90; Union Pacific preferred. 7S: North
ern Pacific preferred. 75: Grand Trunk. 6%;
Anaccn<lo. 10H: bar silver firm. 30 l-16d per
ounce; n»>ney. 1% per cent.
CLOSING.
Government buying: to supplement Inadequate
currency supplies.
Chicago Grain Market.
8
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe .
Trains— Daily
. Leave Market-street Ferry T>«poC
Lve. San Francisco. »:00 a ro *M v> n» l;»pm
Arr. Stockton ...... 13:34 p TO T;U p in 1}H« P m
"- Merced »:«^»n— — »'»**««
" Fresno «:W p m *** • m
- Vinalla :«w»m J*** m
". Tulare J;H P »» l^*™
" Hanford I:M V n» J »• • ra
•• Bakersfield ... »;Wj>rn t;X am
•• Denver WiOJ a n» — — ¦ —
" Kansas City... *;\» p n»
" Chicago ....... T;4J » w
9 a. m. train Is th« UvttUnJ »Cu^««» tVrrt-
¦ponding train arrive*, at * p, nv J(*l>*»
4:10 p. m. Is Stockton Local, Corr*«iv<ndlr)c
train arrive* 11:05 *v m. d*tly.
" 8-00 p. m. Is Fr*ano ami U.ilter»net.l Cxpr***.
with Sleeping Cart for both cities. Cbm*pcnd-
ln« train arrives, at I a. m. dally.
OFFICES— «41 Market st. and In Fwrry D*po*.
fV^n Francisco: 1118 Broadway. Oakland. _^-
BAIXROAD TKAVEL.
KOIITHKKM |-4II»'1«: ionr^MI,
frAviric htjtcm.)
Train* lei»»e »•¦¦«< nrt> tin* lo nrrlio mt
mam Kit rxisro
(Main Line. Foot "t ll»rk<-* Stieet.)
u«Ti — From October 1. 13C3. — arritvj
•7:00* Benicia, Suiiun, Klmln. Vi'mrille.
Ramsey and Maer*»ieiiw> «7 : |;,»
•?x««a SluiU Kzprea*— DftTla. WillUma(for
ButleU HpriogaX Willow*. K«d
1 Uiufl, 1'i>«:«i.cL *?:l.i r
*7:3Oa Marvlnei,!5»uK«iiioD, V«]tojo, Xspa,
i:»II»ti (saiidS.tnta (Com *H«M»
•S:««a Datls,- Woodland. KnlghU Lsmlinj.
Marjifiile. OroiUla •Tji.Tp
•»:•>»» Atl»ati« Kiprew— Ogdeo »nj Ka»« •I2:«.-. P
•»:«>«» KUes, Tr*c7. lAthrop, Stockloo •;»: I r» »
•m:i«4 Hut Ju*«, LJTeniKirf, 'Sluiektuii,
lone. •>»cramii,ti). PlacerfiU'..
M irj»»ill>-. Chieo, I.Vl Ittuff Mil9f
••1S11 4 OftkJ*,ir, Chinem, eouora. Carter*... *l: ¦¦'>¦
••»:o«* ll«j»m u «. Nilr* ai.d Wmy nation*. •! I: I.-»I
•»:o«* Lo* AjiKelva Ezpreva — M«r>i>i«x.
'Vrnry. LdtUirop. .Htockkou. Urrorj
Freiiri hihI Los Aotfeln *7:M»
•»:3O« Vallrjo. MMtluatauu W»y Hlatloti* *SfUi
•ltt:MO« The OverUml Uu.lied-Ojj'len, Oen-
»er, Ommha. Chiea«a 'O 4i»
•H:«Oi KU>«. HWKklnn. .1»oi*m*nto, Man-
don. Franob HaD.'otd. Vli»l!a.
PorMrtilie *4>l3r
•1 1 sOOa Lhermore. 8aDnr, Gosben Juno-
tioo. BtkersCeki, Los JLngeles
•IS:**M Ilsjrwaxds. Nile* and Way UUUoo*. *3: 11»
tliw»r M»cr»nmnio ICUer Sieamen 13iO««
•«<«Or I!*Tv»»r-l». Nile* koU Way Hution*. •>: t.^r
Mioor MuiiuM. Han lUmoii. V»ll»»a.
N«l>«. CalUtnxa. S«»u Uosa *»i I a *
Mittttr IleuicU. Winters, f»?rimanto,
Woo<l:*ud. Knl.hl* Lauiling.
Marr»Till4. Oroflllo •¦•»: n 4
MiSffr Mile*. »*Ji Jnmtand Htn«k«on % 7it»r '
•oiwurTlio Owl IJmlUKl— Tracy. Framo.
BakerslleUI. Haagna (or baota Bar-
bara, Los Augelei. *IO:I94
•8i*Op Stockton , 'IM3*
*Si««f New Orleaof Hianm- l)aiers««M.
K»u»» Rarbara. Lo* ADgele*. Dem-
I luc El Paaow Saw Orleau* and
S K**» *7i<»4
*S:OOp Hujnuji, ;.'l!««tD.l Mao Jos« "Till*
<0:0»r V»llejo , a l9:l3p
•ViOOr Oriental M*ll-O»Jen. Cheyecna.
Om&ba. Cbfeaco •J2:l.1»
•«:OOp Oriental Jlaii— Ogden. aren*«r,
Omaba. Chlca«o. M:13r
•7jOOp Sllev Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton.... •li-ASr
*7iOwP On>Ci)ii and Callfuruiat Kxprou.Naa,
r»niBi.tn. Marjrsrlllv, lUxMIng,
PortlaiMl. I>tigot So.iimI ami Kaak *Si4.t4
l»tmHr VaJIeJo. Fork C'csU and ffij Bt*
tlona... til:— y
COAST DlflftlOa VXmmm Oaoge).
(fool of M»rk»t Street.)
*«>iaANewafk.C«nrerTllle..SaaJoae,7elton.
Bouider Crcok.Santa, Cms and Way
ataUoua tiMl
- fSilSp Newark. Cmiwrllle. Ban Jose. New
Almarieo, Fulton. Koolder Creek,
8anU t'rui and 1'rlucipal V!%j
•>. Stations
M:llf Newark, 8anJo*e.Lo.Cla.to* *1..1»»
alli-tSrHusun' Exenzsioo. San Jo*« wad
W»y Button* .*. j~t*»T
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrwlll rtllCISCO— n«t «r Marlut Strut <ili> I)—
•7:15 »K» 11:00*. m. tl:03 "3:09 1S:M
*l:C3 t9:03 •«:S3r.».
rriatllUIB— P*tt*fBrn4«iT.— *fl:«0 9:09 10.00a. a.
tl2:S3 »1:33 »:03 «3:S3 H:C3 «3:33P.a>.
COAKT DlflSHHI (Broad (.'aajge;.
(Third ai <* Townxnd Sts.)
Mil**. Ocoau View, Boath S*n Vnaoiaeo.. \<liZv .
•7«o»» Han Jo«« ai..l *7*y Sutlun* (New 1
Aluiiier V.'e<liie<iJanoiily) *liSOy 1
•ViUOa 8a» Jose. Tre* Pluos. Sauta t'rus.
r*clilc Gro**. l'aao llobles. S»u
I. iiia Otiinpo,. Surf, Louipoc aud
Principal Way SkaUoH* •4>l*>p
•I Oiio, S«,a Jnaa *nd Way Stations *H::|-i»
•I I1304 Man .Iobb and \V«- Buttons *3t3or
|a«-l5r fian Uatco. Kedwood. Menb Puk.
Palo Alto. Saata Clara, 8a 11 Jose,
Tras Pioo*. 8auU Urirx, Sallaaa.
¦ - . .. Uontervy an.t raeida OroTo U»<3«%
*3jaor Man Joasand Way Htatlon* **:3»r
flilSr San Jo»» ami Principal WaySUtions *9:13«
f5:OOpSan Jose, Los Oatoa aad Triocip*.!
Way Station* ?•J:in>»
•SiJitf Ban Jom aud Prloeipa] Way Statiuit* *•»*»«
•C:3»r San Jok ami Way .Station* Wi**i
al I ;45r San Joaeand Way Sutiop* ?7;Swr
A (or Morning I* for Afler.moii.
'Daily. . t Sunday asmpted. t sniida.y only.
a Sitnrday «>aly.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TItmron Perry, Foot of Market St.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:S0. 9:00, 11:00 a. ¦». : 12-.J3.
3:S0. 5:10. «:S0 p. m. "mursdays— Extra trip
at ll:S0 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:vi
and 11:30 c. m.
SXTNDAT8— S:00. »:*>. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
540. S:10 D. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«:13, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 12:43.
S:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and t:5S o. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. U:l» a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:05. «::» 9. m.
Between San Franelsea and Schnetzen Park
1 same schedule aa above. .
* Leare I In Effect. ! Arriw
San Francisco. [Apr. U. 1900.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- J I Bun- I Weelc
Days. I day». f Destination.] days. | Days.
7:30 am S:CO sm Norato. 10:40 aai! 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluraa. <:06 pmilO:23 am
5:13 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm[ C:20 pm
Fultcn, I
7:30 am Windsor. 10:15 am
Healdsburgr-
Lytton.
Oeyserrlll*.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7.-3S pm «:» psi
7:30 ami I Hopland I ;10::5 am
3:30 pm! 8:00 ami and Uklah. ] 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:35 am
1:00 am OueraevWe. 7:35 pm
t:30pm (:20 pm
7:30 am 3:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:45 am
.and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen.Kllen. 8.-05 pm <:t0 pm
7:30 ami 3:00 azal [U>:40 am!10:tS am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm[ Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm[ 6:20 pm.
Btajrea connect at Santa Ro«a for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurta: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Oeyserrllle for Skates Sorlr.ss: at Clovardal*
for the Geysers: at Hosland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Ktlseyrille, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. L&keport aad Bartlett
Springs; at tTStlah for Vichy 8priags. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
8prin«s. Upp*r Lake, Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Rlrersld«, Uerl-y's. Buclcnell's,
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr't Hot
Spring*. Mendocino City. Fort Bragj. TVwt-
port. Csal. WllUts, LaytonvUle. Csmmins.
Ball's Springs. Harris. Olsan'a. Dyer. Scotia,
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced ratas.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafaal at half rate*.
Ticket offices. 650 Market rt^ Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Otneral Manager, Qua. Pass. Af eat.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sauiallto Ftrry.
Commencing September 30, 1J0O.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAT.I.F.t
AND SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:53, *9:15. 11:00 a. m.. 1:43
1:15. 4:00. 5:13, *<:15. t:to p. m.
EXTRA TKIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
day* at 9:00 and 11:33 P. m.
SUNDAYS- *S:00. 10:00.. "11:30 a. m.. "1:15.
1:15. »4:4S^ «:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRA.\CI3CO.
WEEK DATS— «:25. M:30. 7:43, $:30 a. m..
•12:30. 1:45. "3:30. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUXDAY3-«:20. •8:00. »10:00. *U:45 a. m..
•1:40, •sas. 4:4S. •<:» p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quenttn.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:45. 6:45. 7:55. 9:30 a, m..
1*35. 3:10. 3:30. 4:54. 3:20 p. m.
"EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 anil 10:10 p. m.
SUNPAYS-«:OS. 10:05 a. m.. U:05, 1:15. 3:30.
• :°0. * :45 °- THHOUOH TRAINS.
• 6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero aad way sta-
1:45 p. m. Saturdayt— Tomales and way sta-
tions. ¦
»:0O a. m. Sunday*— To males and way sta-
tions. '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DATS-. .9:15 a. m.; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8:00, 10:00, 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return.
II 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices. 821 Market st. Sausallto Ferry.
S, Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
|625KEAB]iYSl. UstaolisbMl
n In 1MS4 tor thetrsatmentot Private
If Diseases, Lost Manhood Debility or
m disease veartog on bodyand mlnaand
m Hkln Dioeaae&Th* doctor cures w hen A
M others faiL Try hrm. CIihw io*
ISt'urramarunlrfi. C'illorwrit.\
Or. J. **. UIUBU.V. Box *»37.Saa Fraadaca
Weekly Call, SI per Year
AUCTION SALES
REGULAR YTEKLY AUCTION SALE
AT GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 527
SIXTH ST.. WEDNKSDAY. October 24. at 11
a. m. - Horses. Wagons. Harnns, etc. SULU-
VAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.In mining on the Pacific Coast and was
in frequent demand by large English syn
dicates for reports upon extensive invest
ment propositions. He retired from active
mining enterprises fifteen years ago.
The deceased was one of the founders
of the Presidio and Ferries, later known
as the Union-street Railroad, of San
Francisco, and was president of the com-
Sany for' several years. "With the late
ames Eva he controlled the California
Fuse Works of San Mateo and was presi
dent of the concern at the time of hi*
death. Mr. Clift had heavy Investments
in bank", gas and water stock In Oakland
and in San Francisco. ¦ He was a director
in the Pacific Gas and Improvement Com
pany, Pacific Lighting Company, Eureka
Lighting Company, Pacific Surety Com
pany. Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation and
the Oakland Bank of Savings. ?
In fraternal life Mr. Clift was a Mason
of high standing, holding membership in
the Royal Arch and the Knight Templar
degrees.
The life of the deceased was one of
strict fidelity to his business concerns,
but withal quiet and philanthropic He
was strictly a family man, devoted to the
quiet of home life.
The surviving family consists of the
wife and five children— Elizabeth B. Clift.
Frederick C. Clift. Jean B. Clift. Mrs.
Mailler Searles and Mrs. Irving Lundborg.
Mr. Clift was 69 years of age. The fu
neral will be held on Thursday afternoon
at 2 o'clock from the family residence.
OAKLAND, Oct. 22.— William Clift,
the prominent pioneer mining
man and capitalist of this city,
died this morning at his resi
dence, 633 San Pablo avenue, from
stomach trouble, the result of an injury
he sustained six months ago while alight-
Ing from a San Pablo avenue electric car.
Mr. Clift was thrown sharply upon the
head of a cane he was carrying by the
sudden starting of the car. After being
confined for several weeks to his bed Mr.
Clift and his wife left for a trip to Corn
wall, England, his birthplace, in the hope
that he might regain his health. But he
failed so rapidly that the Journey was cut
short. As a last resort surgeons per
formed an operation last night, but the
effort to prolong life failed.
The deceased pioneer left his home at
St. Day, Cornwall, when 13 years of age.
going to Brazil, where he worked eleven
years in mining. In 1S55. after returning
to England, he embarked for California
and at once went to Grass Valley, where
he accumulated a large competence in
successful mining operations. Later he
met eqoal good fortune In quicksilver
mining in San Luis Obispo County.
In 1859 Mr. Clift married Miss Jean Mulr
Smith at Grass Valley, which was his
home until 1877, when the family moved
to Oakland. . '
Mr. Clift was one of the leading experts
William Clift, an Oakland Mining Man,
Dies From Effect of Injury.
BRAVED NEW WORLD
WHILE YET A BOY
Wants Mrs. Knauer Arrested.
Mrs. Clara Beyersdorff, 318 Sutter street,
swore to a complaint In Judge Cabaniss'
court yesterday for the arrest of Mrs.
Clara Knauer on the charge of felony
embezzlement. Mrs. Knauer occupied the
furnished house, 722 Commercial street,
which belongs to Mrs. Beyersdorff. and .it
Is alleged that on Saturday she removed
all the furniture and effects, valued at
$2500.
Hospital, "Washington, D. Cj salary $900
per annum. Unmarried women between 25
and 60 years old preferred. Apply to the
commission for forms No. 304 and 375.
HELD "UP AND ROBBED
BY TWO BOLD THIEVES
Proprietor of a Bay-Street Restau
rant Stopped and Relieved of
His Valuables.
Edward Malley, proprietor of the Bay
State Restaurant at 331 Bay street, was
held up and robbed by two men early
Sunday morning. The robbery took place
on Bay street, between Mason and
Powell. A watch and chain and $4 60 was
taken from him. i
Malley says that while walking home he
was approached by two men, both of
whom seized him and cautioned him to
remain silent. He did as he was com
manded and the thieves went through
his clothes, taking his valuables from
him. -Malley says one of the robbers
was a Swede, the other one stood behind
him and he could give no accurate de
scription of him.
On Sunday morning, October 2S, at 10:30
o'clock, the Improved Order of Red Men
throughout the United States and the
members of the Degree of Pocahontas,
numbering some 240,000, will hold services
In their respective wigwams In commem
oration of the departed members of the
order who have died during the year.
The last Sunday in the month of Octo
ber of each year is observed by the order
as a council of sorrow and services will
be held by the twenty tribes and the sev
en councils of the hunting grounds of
San Francisco, who will meet jointly for
the first time In this- city for this occa
sion. The general committee is making
elaborate arrangements and a large gath
ering of Red Men and their friends Is ex
pected.
The officers elected at a recent meeting
who will serve for, the ensuing term are:
J. H. Hutaff, president; James G. Smith,
vice president; Porter L. Bliss, secretary,
and Miss Carrie Johnson, treasurer. The
programme as formulated by the commit
tee of arrangements will consist of ora
tions, music by a quartet and recitations.
Tho large hall of Red Men's building, cm
Post street, has been engaged for the oc
casion and will be decorated \Clth flowers
and ferns by the members of the Degree
of Pocahontas. As the Red Men's Coun
cil of Sorrow is one of the principal days
observed by the order a large gathering
la expected on this occasion.
Council of Sorrow and Vari
ous Tribes ,to Meet
Jointly.
RED MEN WILL
MOURN FOR THE
YEAR'S DEAD
Amateurs and Pro
fessionals Will
Have Part ip This
Splendid Under
taking. %
NURSES TO SELL PROGRAMMES;
SOCIETY GIRLS TO ACT AS USHERS
Painters' Union Initiations.
Painters' Union No. 73 last evening re
ceived fifteen applications for member
ship and initiated eleven new members.
The painters agreed to oppose the election
of Judge Dalngerfield in response to a re
quest from the Typographical Union.
Body Is Identified.
The body of the colored man who was
found with a fractured skull last Satur
day and who later died In the City and
County Hospital was Identified at the
Morgue yesterday as that of Moses Camp
bell, a violinist, who resided at the cor
ner of Broadway and Montgomery street.
He was about 61 years old. •
United States District Judge Beatty yes
terday gave judgment for the respondent
in the suit of West Coast Safety Faucet
Company vs. Jackson Brewing Company,
the point at issue being the alleged in
fringement of a patent beer faucet. Judge
Beatty found that the complainant's pat
ent had been anticipated, and that the
brewing company was entitled to use It.
Patent Beer Faucet Case Decided.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Oct. 22.,
There is a hoodoo on freight train 278 V
that plies between Oakland and Liver
more. A week ago this train was hit hard
in a rear end collision near San Leandro.
This morning, two miles west of Niles. the
train was piled up in a mass of wreck
age on the Southern Pacific tracks. A
broken wheel on a forward freight car
caused the wieck. No lives were lost, nor
were any of the members cf the train
crew hurt. Some were in the caboose and
others were on the engine, which escaped
injury. The train was In charge of Con
ductor J. "Ward. The train crew was
blameless, because the accident which
caused the smashup was an unavoidable
one.
The wreck occurred at 7 o'clock. A few
minutes before the crash the car 'wheel
broke, but the train of, twenty-six cars
ran a quarter of a mile' before it was de
railed. Then the disabled trucks left the
track. The car twisted off Its couplings
and then down: upon it piled half a dozen
others, which were wrecked almost Into a
mass of splinters.- All of the smashed
cars were loaded with general merchan
dise, coal and lumber.
Half a Dozen Freight Cars
Smashed to Pieces Near
Niles.
BROKEN WHEEL
WRECKS TRAIN
BOBBED THE MAN WHO
GAVE HIM SHELTER
William Snooks Decamps "With Valu
ables Belonging to R. Z. Town
send, a Clerk.
R. Z. Townsend, a clerk residing at 41
Geary street, complained to the police last
night that ho had been robbed by a man
whom he had befriended. Townsend says
he allowed William Snooks, whom he
knew In Omaha, to share his room with
him for the past few -weeks. Snooks was
out of luck and had no money. Tester
day morning Townsend awoke to find that
Snooks had decamped. One hundred and
twentv-flve dollars in coin, a gold headed
cane and a quantity of clothing were also
missing. •'- ¦
Reed's resolution declaring that It Is
the Intention of the Board of Supervisor*
to appropriate not less than $100,000 of the
excess revenue to repave accepted st/Pfts
in the business portions of the city was
re-referred to tbe. Finance Coramlttej at
yesterday's meeting. In Its report ihe
committee recommended Indefinite post
ponement of the, bill. Reed, however, said
that the committee had evidently failed
to understand the scope of the measure.
"The resolution simply declares our in
tention," said Reed, "to appropriate after
July 1, 1900. the sum of $100,000 for the pur
pose of repavlng streets In the down town
districts, and especially for the removal
of cobbles, which we have been specifical
ly pledged to do. The committee is in
harmony with the principle, no doubt, but
probably was under the Impression that
the bill is in conflict with the City Attor
ney's opinion. The latter, however, holds
that the excess revenue can be used for
municipal betterments after the clos* of
this fiscal year. It will then be In order
to take up cobblestone pavements and re
place them with modern roadways, which
is contemplated by the resolution."
Reed's old resolution that the expected
$200,000 excess revenue be used as a public
improvement fund was Indefinitely post
poned. Reed stated that he believed that
the board had the power to so appro
priate the money, notwithstanding the
opinion of the City Attorney that it had
not.
The ordinance providing funds for the
acquisition of land" for St. Mary's Park
square by setting aside JoO.OOO out of avail
able funds for the purpose and 'a pledgn
that the board will appropriate $50.0^0
more during the next fiscal year went
over for one week. Reed asked that such
action be taken, as he desired to have the
promoters of the Improvement heard on
the subject. The Finance Committee had
recommended Indefinite postponement of
this bill on the ground that the board had
no power to make any additional appro
priations to the budget.
The bill authorizing the Chief of Polica
to purchase such material as may be
necessary to provide the "Bertillion sys
tem of identification" In the Hall of Jus
tice, at a cost not to exceed $2500. was
withdrawn. Braunhart stated that there
was a doubt If funds were available for
the work. The resolution directing the
Board of Public Works to complete tha
photographic gallery In tine Hall of Jus
tice at a cost of $3160 was postponed for
one week, to ascertain If there Is any
money left In the Hall of Justice fund.
The resolution granting the Presidio and
Ferries Railway permission to set back
four feet the south curb of Union street,
between Hyde and Larkln streets, on con
dition that it reconstruct the cable sys
tem within four years, was re-referred to
the Judiciary Committee. The company
is required by the ordinance to file a bond
In the sura of $20,000 for the performance
of the work, and with the understanding
that the tracks in the block named must
be put back In the center of the street.
Brandenstein stated that the company de
sired to be heard in regard to the exac
tion of the bond.
L. R. Dempster was authorized to fur
nish weekly to eacb of the Superior
Judges and to the City and District At
torneys a copy of the legal publication
called Questions Pending.
George D. Newhall was given charge:, bv
resolution, of the Widber orchard, at
Mountain View, Santa Clara County, for
one year under certain conditions.
An ordinance was passed to print grant-
Ing the City Street Improvement Com
pany permission to lay and maintain a
spur track from the Southern Pacific rail
road track on Harrison street into and
upon that portion of Mission block No. 5-..
owned by th» company, on Seventeenth
street.
A resolution was passed granting an ex
tension of ninety days* time to Ivan
Treadwell and others within which to
complete the work of grading and macad
amizing certain enumerated streets.
The Board of Public Works was request
ed to repave the roadway of Sacramento
street from Front to Davis. If
available funds can be found for the pur
pose. The merchants In the vicinity peti
tioned that the work be performed. Mc-
Carthy's amendment that the street be
placed on the official grade was adopted.
An ordinance was passed to print pro
viding for the reference to the Chief En
gineer of the Fire Department, before
final action Is taken by the board, of all
appropriations to erect furnaces for melt
ing metals, steam engines or boilers and
engines using crude petroleum for fuel.
Harry M. Saunders was erar-toi n«»rrr»~
sion to erect an engine and boiler la a lot
on Brannan street, between Fourtn an »
Fifth, to be used In the operation of a
planing mill.
The Assessor was authorized to send a
competent man to view and appraise the
A. C. Widber property at Mountain View,
at a cost not to exceed $23.
The ordinance regulating the car© of
animals affected with contagious diseases
was laid over for one week.
The monthly compensation of. official In
terpreters In the Superior Courts was
fixed at $100.
An ordinance was passed to print pro
viding for the full acceptance of the road
way on Jackson street, between Central
avenue and Walnut street; Utah street,
between Fifteenth and Seventeenth: San
Jose avenue, between Twenty-seventh and
Twenty-eighth streets, and the crossing
of Sixteenth and Utah streets.
No Funds for Bertillion System of
Criminal Identification — Appro
priation for St. Mary's Park
Goes Over.
Appeals for Appropriation
to Remove Cobblestone
. Pavements.
REED URGES THE
BOARD TO BUILD
BETTER STREETS
In accordance with an opinion filed by
City Attorney Lane the Board of Election
Commissioners decided last nlgbt to place
the ordinance licensing pool selling on the
ticket to be voted for at the next election.
Lane holds that the allegation that there
are bogus signatures on the petition does
not destroy Its value. Several clergymen
addressed the board In • opposition to the
placing of tbe ordinance on the ticket, but
agreed that the commission could not act
In any other way than It did In the face
of lack of evidence that any of the signa
tures are not genuine.
depend* upon rain water storage for its main
tenance
Third — The advantage of haviiur a new plant
in preference to buying an old plant Is obvious
to every one.
Fourth— We belleva that the city should ac
complish two objects at the same time: Pro
cure power for the clactrto lighting of the city
and a water supply.
Fifth— The Installation of a new system
would furnish employment for our mechanics
and laborers for many years to com*.
¦ » ¦
Poolroom. Ordinance.
TWO CHARMING YOUNG LADIES WHO WILL LEND T1IEIR ASSIST
ANCE AT..THE BIG CHARITY BENEFIT THIS AFTERNOON AT THE
ORPHEUM THEATER. ' " : ...
Military Automobiles.
The ImmeniA advantages presented by auto
mobiles have had a treat fascination for pro
gressive military men all ov»r the world.
Large suras have been offered for the best
military automobile. In war, as In everything,
it Days to use , the best weapons. The bet t
¦hield • with which to protect the stomach Is
Hostetter'a Stomach Bitters. It la a certain
our* tor constipation, indigestion. dy»pepsta.
and biliousness and prevents malaria, t ev*r
and a£u*.
Jury Acquits Obenauer.
The . trial of William G.\ Obenauer, pro
prietor of a cyclery at 1S02 Devlsadero
.street, on the ¦ charge of disturbing the
. peace was < held . before a Jury In Judge
Cabaniss 1 court yesterday. The complain
ing witness was Poljceman' Isaacs, who
alleged that Obenauer placed in his win
dow • on a bicycle rack a card reflecting
upon ! him \ and which gathered a : crowd.
j Obenauer conducted his own defense and
* the jury acquitted him.:
United States Civil Service.
The United States Civil Service Commis
sion announces that on November 17 In
this city and elsewhere an examination
will be held for the position of skilled
laborer with practical experience as an
electrical worker, In the Army, Navy and
State buildings, Washington. D.^C; salary
J720 per annum. Apply to the commission
In Washington for blanks Nos. 304 and 394.
Also an examination on November 20 for
fu perl n tend on t and trained nurse for the
training 6Chool for nurees, Freedmen'B
Progressive Improvement Clubs.
The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs at its last meeting prepared a peti
tion to the Supervisors requesting that
the excess taxes be kept in the funds
until July.
Eureka Valley Club opposed the pur
chase of the Spring Valley "Water system
by the city, giving aa the reasons therefor
the subjoined:
First— Because that company'^ sources of
aupply are barely adequate to supply the pres
ent population of the city.
Second— We believe In .. having pur* water,
•which can never be supplied by a system which
May Die From Fractured Skulls.
Frank Flory was transferred to the City
and County Hospital yesterday and
treated for a fracture of the skull. . He
was originally treated at the Harbor Hos
pital by Dr. Baclgalupl, who pronounced
his Injuries to.be "possibly" serious. He
had not recovered consciousness late last
nicht, and It Is doubtful if he will re
cover. His Injuries were received at Sec
ond and Mission streets.
Frank Brady, a stable hand, was taken
to the Central Receiving Hospital from 310
Golden Gate avenue, suffering from a bad
fracture of the base of the. skull. He was
transferred to the City and County Hos
pital. There Is little hope of his recov
ery.
BOYS ACCUSED BY
BTJBCKLAB. THTCRSTOIT
William Bates and John Welch Ar
rested as Accomplices in a Mis
sion-Street Crime.
William Bates' and John Welch, two
boys, were arrested yesterday afternoon
by Detectives Graham and Fitzgerald and
placed In the tanks. They are accused
by Julius Thurston, whose fondness for
gambling and rapid life caused him to
rob the room of E. Greenfield at 1511 Mis
sion street, of being accomplices in the
crime. •
"While the detectives do not place much
credence in Thurston's story, the boya
named will be . charged with having
robbed a room in the Golden West Hotel.
THE doors of the Orpheum will be
thrown open to the public at 1
o'clock to-day for the California
Club benefit. The performance,
which will be a continuous one,
will commence promptly at 2. A pleasing
feature of the entertainment will be that
society girls have volunteered their ser
vices and ;will act as ushers. The souvenir
programmes, which are very elaborate af
fairs, will be sold in the house by nurses
from all the hospitals in the city.
Among the treats In store this afternoon
will be the appearance of such well-known
talent as Salassa, Collamarlni, Dominico
Russo, Miss Frances Graham, Merrit and
Murdock, Everhart and hosts of others.
Including some of the best amateur talent
In the city. There will bo an augmented
orchestra, and during the first part of the
performance 5 Director Hirschf eld of the
Tivoll; Opera-house will wield the baton.
Genial John Morrisey, manager of the
Orpheum, has kindly consented to act as
stage manager throughout the perform
ance. : He will be assisted by, Harry Orn
dorff. The stage, hands will be under the
supervision of George Holden. All the
members of the Theatrical Mechanics* As
sociation that are employed In the house
donated their services free.
The general admission to the house will
be only. 25 cents, box seats $1 and the or
chestra seats 50 cents.
FOR READERS IN THE
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
The study of Shakespeare characters that should have ap
peared Monday morning and the mathematical study scheduled for
this morning will appear in to-morrow's Call, the other studies to
follow in their regular order. An unavoidable mishap caused, the
non-appearance on the proper days of the two articles which ap
pear to-morrow. For this mishap The Call asks the indulgence of
its readers.
FTJNEBAX SERVICE OF
CAPTAIN EWING HELD
W. W. Allen of Grand Army Delivers
Eulogy — The Hemains Are
Sent East.
The funeral services of the late Captain
Elmore E. Ewlng were held at Jacobs'
undertaking parlor yesterday morning.
The place was crowded.
Rev. Dr. Hutfinplller of the Central
Methodist Episcopal Church, assisted by
Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille, conducted the re
ligious services. The funeral was under
the auspices of George H. Thomas Post,
G. A. R., of which E. Mantner Is com
mander. ¦
W. W. Allen Sr. was chaplain of the oc
casion and delivered an Impressive eulogy
over the bier. He reviewed the record of
the departed as a soldier, telling how he
enlisted in the Ninety-nn=t Ohio Regiment
In 1862 and nerved until the close of the
war. He fought at Chancellorsville and
was wounded at Winchester. For his
bravery he was promoted to a captaincy.
He was a devoted husband and loving
father, and during his life never did an
intentional wrong?-. Any errors committed
by him were of the head and not of the
heart, the speaker said.
The remains were sent East for Inter
ment.
OAKLAND. Oct. 22.— The will of the late
Thomas E. Keating, the well known run
ning and trotting horse man, whose death
occurred at Lexington, Kentucky; October
12, was filed for probate to-day. The estate
Is valued at between $50,000 and $75,000,
represented In cash and trotting stock.
According to the terms of the will two
brothers, John and William Keating, and
a sister. Mrs. Ellen Barnes, are to receive
'11000 each. The residences of the brothers
are in Nickerson, Kansas, and that of the
sister in Wllliamsburg, . Kansas. To
Frank M. Lee of Reno, Nevada, where the
deceased was burled, the sum of '9XM is
left, to be disposed of as directed in a pri
vate letter to the devisee. The residue al
so goes to Frank M. Lee. To John Blue,
who is described in the will as "my faith
ful foreman," all the racing stable and
paraphernalia belonging to the estate is
bequeathed. Keating avers that he is a
Finsrle man and never has been married,
and to any one who can prove heirship
through any marriage of his he be
queaths $50.
Frank Lee and John W. Slavan are
nominated as executors, the will having
been filed by the latter. It is dated at San
Francisco, November 21, 1S99.
Frank M- Lee Gets Bulk of
Property of Deceased
Horseman.
VALUABLE ESTATE
LEFT BY KEATING
BRYAN AND DISASTER.
Democracy Stands For.
Judge louderback States What
Republicans of the Thirty-ninth Assem
bly District held a well attended meeting
In Saratoga Hall last night. The chair
¦was occupied by W. H. Bodfish. Ad
dresses were made by many of the candi
dates on the ticket, amonsr them being
r>R.vis Louderback. candidate for Superior
Juflge. who spoke in part as follows:
"The situation Is this: Bryan stands
ready to rull down the starry banner
which floats to-day over American isl
ands, placed there by American blood and
American heroism. Bryan stands ready to
throw open the mints of America to the
»-ilver of the wcrld, thus debasing- our dol
lar to 4S cents. In Mexico to-day you can
get two of their doilars with one Ameri
can dollar, because they have no gold
ttaxidard there.
"The Democratic platform Is an unpa
triotic platform, and this forced issue of
imperialism is a false issue. The acquisi
tion nf these islands of the Pacific is go
ir.er to afld to tlie wealth and preatness of
this country. Th< ir acquisition means
that with the added commerce which will
occrup. our factories will run twelve
months instea l of eight, as heretofore.
These islands a.re ourx forever, and God
forbid that any Democrat should take
them from us."
Following Judge Louderback's address
John G. Tyrrell, candidate for State Sen
ator from the Twenty-third District,
ppoke briefly. He refuted the report that
•he would vot3 against a primary law,
and declared that if elected he would
make every effort to secure one.
Short speeches were also made by
Thomas F. Dunn and Percy V. Long, can
didates for Justice of the Peace; F. D.
Macbeth, candidate for the Assembly
from the Thirty-ninth District: ex-Judge
II. L. Joachimsen. candidate for Justice
of the Peace, and by B. V. McKinlay.
The Thirty-ninth District Club Is mak-
Irg arrangements for a big mass-meeting,
to be held in Saratoga Hall at an cau
date.
M. J. Carey, an employe of the Inde
pendent Electric Light Company, was al
most instantly killed about 6:30 o'clock
last evening in front of the City Hall on
McAllister street. He was on an electric
light pole engaged in trimming the lamp
and received a slight shock, not exceed
ing 110 volts. This was, however, sufficient
to cause him to lose his hold. He fell to
the pavement, a distance of about fifteen
feet. Ho was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, where Dr. Bunnell found that his
skull was fractured. Ten minutes after
he was placed on the operating table he
died. His body was removed to the
Morgue.
Light Company Killed.
Hochfeld was about 45 years of age and
leaven a frfmlly In Germany. He is said
to have a son engaged In the grocery busi
ness In this city.
FAIXS FBOM POLE TO DEATH.
Employe of Independent Electric
"Hochfeld had just deposited his load of
loam and was returning homeward. He
drove out of thf cemetery pates and
across the tracks, when the whistles were
blown. Hochfeld did not appear to hear
them and continued on his way. The
train struck the horses and In a moment
all were an indescribable mass of debris.
Both horses were killed, Hochfeld was
thrown from his seat and made a curve
through the air, landing fully 100 feet
away from the spot where he was struck.
The train was stopped a few feet beyond
the cemetery, but all that could be done
had been when the crew came on the
scene. If the driver had used ordinary
care the accident might have been
avoided."
den. Superintendent Blaine In describing
the accident paid:
Jasper Hochfeld, a teamster employed
by William Rayburg, a livery stable
keeper at Baden, was Instantly killed
about 5:30 o'clock last evening as he was
driving out of Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Hochfeld had been employed for several
months in the same capacity and was
apparently familiar with train move
ments.
He had just deposited a load of fertiliz
ing material and was on his way home
when he attempted to cross the tracks of
the railroad just in front of the entrance
of the cemetery as the San Jose train that
left San Francisco at 5 p. m. was ap
proaching. Two long and one short bla3t
of the whistle were sounded by the en
gineer as a warning to the teamster, but
Hochfeld did not heed them. He whipped
his horses, Intending to cross In front of
the train, but his team was too slow and
the heavy wagon was a further impedi
ment to the success of his plan.
The locomotive struck the horses and
hurled them, the driver and the wagon
Into the air. Where Hochfeld landed
was at least ninety feet from the place
where the team was struck. His' head
struck on one of the posts used by the
railroad company to Indicate the clear
ing points of the main and side tracks.
This is a small square stake, not over
two Inches square on top and not exceed
ing three inches In height above tne
ground. Hochfeld's head struck fairly
upon the stake and his skull was crushed.
Superintendent Blaine of Cypress Lawn
Cemetery was a witness of the accident
and rushed to the man's assistance, but
he was dead.
The body was removed to the receiving
vault of the cemetery, and a Coroner's
jury was summoned some hours later by
Justice of the Peace Cunningham of Ba-
TEAMSTER KILLED
BY A LOCOMOTIVE
J. Hochfeld Failed to Heed Signals— M.
J. Carey Falls to Death. .
Eugene B. Worrell of Boston*, president
©f U»« Sherman-Worrell Fruit Company,
Is authority for the statement that- a fac
tory will be established in this city to con
dense fruits of California for the markets
of the world. Machinery to cost $00,000 at
least will be made this winter, to t»e In
readiness for next jammer. The plant
will have a capacity for turning out a
practically unlimited amount of the fruit
m condensed form. Mr. Worrell, who is
e-t the Orand Hotel, said yesterday that
the demand will bo immense and he is
confident that the new enterprise will be
of great importance to California fruit
growers.
Daniel Sherman of Xeweas tie, Placer
County, is the inventor of a new process
which turns ripe fruits, fresh from the
trees, into a compound which, according
to the claims made for it, retains ail the
juice and ail the flavor or the fruit from
¦which it is made and which resists all ex
tremes of climate without the use of any
freservatlves. Some time ago Daniel
Sherman and Robert B. Sherman, his
t>roth»r. visited Boston and made known
his discovery. The result was the organ
ization of the Sherman-Worrell Fruit
Company, which was incorporated under
the laws of New Jersey. Stock was sold
In Boston an.onp business men sufficient
to provide for the necessary machinery-
The Messrs. Sherman had already pro
duced the condensed fruit with somewhat
crude machinery, so it was easily shown
what could be done.
Mr. Worrell said yesterday that the new
industry would not conflict with any other
connected with the marketing of Califor
nia fruits. It would fimply add another
method for utilizing fruits and presenting
them to the public for use In winter, with
the pdvajuape of having- in them full
flavor and nutriment unimpaired. Six
rnursi?* of fruit can be condensed into one.
Experiments: have demonstrated that the
condensed fruits are as pood at the end
cf three years as when they were origin
ally treated. Mr. Worrell has samples of
the fruit, which Is solid and has evidently
been molded. He says confectioners,
bakers and all housekeepers •will use it.
Boston Capitalist Says Way "Will Be
Opened to Unlimited Market
lor California Orchard
Products.
Important New Enterprise
to Be Established Soon
in This City.
TO CONDENSE
FRUIT FOR USE
OF THE WORLD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1900.
9
GRAPE-NUTS.
STRUCK IT RICH
When They Needed It Bad.
"When a two months' old baby re-
fuses to nurse and cannot digest any oi
the "baby foods' or cow's milk prepared
in different ways we must do something
or lose the baby. That was the condi- |
tion of our little one about a year and
a half ago.
"\Ve tried every baby food on the
market, besides the cow's milk, but
nothing seemed to agree with him. He
suffered from indigestion, until by the
time he was nine months old he had
grown so weak and emaciated that we
didn't think he could live. At last his
stomach refused to take anything, and
for three days the little fellow was ac-
tually starving for something: he could ,
digest. l-^r^i :-"^O
"I happened to have a box of Grape-
Nuts in the house, and, getting a tea-
spoonful, poured a little hot water over
it, letting the food stand a few min-
utes, then gave the baby the brown
•water, which had the streneth of the
Grape- Nuts in it. He could take but
two spoonfuls at a time and then rest a
while.
"His stomach retained the food and
after one day's use of the Grape-Nuts in
this way his bowels were right, for the
first time in six months. I continued to
feed him the water from the Grape-Nuts
and a little cream and later on the
softened food itself, and he steadily im-
proved, his little body and limbs begin-
ning to get round and plump, and by
the time he was a year old he was as
large again as when nine months old.
At 15 months he weighed 2% pounds,
and now. at 18 months, he is a great, fat,
jolly baby, climbing and froinsr every-
where, full of fun, rosy cheeks and
bright eyes.
"During all this time his food has
been Grape-Nuts: just the water at
first, then later on he had the food it-
celf. He is the best advertisement
Grape-Nuts could have in this town, for
every one knew his condition no
one thought he could possibly live. We
give all the praise to this most valuable
food, and never lose an opportunity to
recommend it to persons sufferine from
indigestion and lack of nourishment-"
Mrs. C. D. Johnston. Greenfield. Ind.
Actual proof is better than all theory,
vet it 5 s well to know that Grape-
N'uts food is made scientificallv and
made for a purpose. The most power-
ful elements in wheat and barley are
used and so prepared as to furnish the
human body with those food elements,
predifjested in a natural manner: that
is, turned from starch into grape-sujrar.
The food is powerful enoush for
athletes and easy enoutrh of dieestion
(a.% shown by the above experience) for
the weakest babe.THE 'SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY,* OCTOBER 23, 1900.
10
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
NEW BROOMS— The Golden West Broom Fac-
tory at 823 and 630 Clay st. near Kearny. ba»
Just started; storekeepers otn b« supplied
with all kinds of brooms at the cheapest
rates; orders by mall attended to.
A NEARLY new Yost typewriter, latest style.
$35; full worth $60; write quickly for samplt
of work. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 118 Mont-
gomery st.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $3 down and $3
per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
st; rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 3S0 Kearny St.. near Pine.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. 2-drtll
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
V S RT ,5 ne mlc roscope for $20: cost originally
$oO. UNCLE HARRI3. 15 Grant ave.
12-pound steel T rails with fish plates and bolts.
Box SSS6. Call office.
F5?5US& J™' dre8s Pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
15 H. P. engine and boiler; good as new;
cheap. 316 Railroad ave.. South S. T.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler com-
plete; cheap. H. 5. WHITK, 518 Mission st
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-45 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
MAuIC lanterns, new and 2d hand; moving
Pictures. BULLARD A BRECK. 131 Post st
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
2D-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market ft- San Fran.
• MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
WANTED— To buy, a second-hand National
cash register; must be in gocd working con-
dition. Address box 4186, Call office.
HIGH-ARM sewing machine in good condition;
must be cheap; state make and price. Bex
8SS3. Call office.
A— CLOTHING, sealskins. Jewelry, etc., bought:
will call. L. Bros.. 25 Stktn; phone Black 1201.
SECOND-HAND incubator wanted: state pric«,
make and capacity. Box 3S53. Call office.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. I*
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market 1
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllvermac, 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brtc-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth St.: tel. Jessie 141.
• .MONEY TO LOAN*.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In installments or as a whole; it you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long aa you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Dcnohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages ...............
Interests In Estates
Undivided Interests In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 3d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; S per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loan?, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 84$ Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 128 Kearny St.. room 9. respectable, prtvata
place to borrow on ¦watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. «>1 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
WHY pay rentt We loan money to build with;
small monthly payments. HOME BUILDING
COMPANY. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
PRIVATE party on furniture and pianos; 3 per
cent; no removal; no commis'n. i Eddy, r. SI.
TO salaried people without security; all busl-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 821 Parrott big.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal: confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on not* without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MONEY WASTED]
WANTED— $1000 to assist young man la manu-
facturing business already established. Bo*
2739. Call office.
' MCSICAL I^STKCMESTa. w
ALL purchasers of pianos at Byron Mauiy'i
have the privilege of exchanging for one of
! the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or oas «f our
k Bvron Mauzy Pianos, any time within Tour
years full purchase price being allowed. Our
rent plan has been the best offered to tht
public for the past three years. A Uxgt slza,
beautifully finished, full-toned piano* with
stool and cover, warranted for five years, for
$330. $6 cash and 18 per month. This U not •
cheap piano, full valuo being gtv«n for •?•ry
dollar spent BYRON MAUZY^ Sole Agent
Sohmer & Co.. Byron Mauiy. Gabler : Bg^lh
man and Hamilton Planoa. $08. 810. Hi Post
LIST OF GENUINE SNAPS. VTARRANtSE!
To 'close out odd makes ws offer:
I Behr Bros • -} H «f dm * a
1 Standard 1- Sterling
1 Kinsrsburys 4 Curtaj
1 Fischer 1 Hallett & B*vi«
1 Steinway '. — .1 Saaw
at sacrifice prices; all In perfect condition.
Prices from $141 op— easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, lS CFarrtll rt.,
Chlckering Agency; sheet music.
"WE sell the Decker A Son for th« best, be-
cause It U the best. Sea and b« coinrtnced
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
PACKARD pianos beat the world for tht
money. Large stock at MAUVAIS', «S9 Mar-
ket at.
YOU cannot afford to buy until our larg« stoc*
of new ¦ and second-hand pianos has been
examined. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAT any time within
three years and full purchase pries allowed;
the best makers of every trade to select from;
beautiful new uprights $6 cash. 18 per month;
some good pianos for $3, $4 and $3 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAT A CO., 8TEIXWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
6an Francisco; corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth ita., Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesaU
and retail piano house west of Chicago.
SPECIAL THIS MONTH.
Bargains In all standard makes from $34
to $285.
Agents for the Peerless Heine. Ilallett A
Davis Boston'i oldest and most famous piano,
also Behr Bros. | and 10 other makes.
Pianos rented^ rent allowed on purchase.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
BE In the swim: rent a new piano for $3 pei
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. S60 Hayts st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago is KOHLER A CHASE'S. 16.
IS and 30 O'Famll St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; price* lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer^
VIOLIN strings; never wet; best in the world;
j making and repairing of all MnCU of musical
instruments. Carl C. Andeirson. 417 Geary »t.
ELEGANT cabinet grand upright piano: sacrt-
; nee;- leaving city. 324 Golden Gate ave.
I AT Dewing's. £09 Market— Three slightly used
uprights. Stetnway. Dewing. Chase Bros.
SUPERIOR violins, xlthers. old and new. H
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ELEGANT Sohmer upright, good as new and
oth«r great bargains. BRUENN, 208 Post st.
FINE 3-pedal upright piano; sacrificed on a~
count of sickness. 907 McAllister st.
A -cleaning out of pianos for storage; dirt chea->-
Installments. Wilson's Storage. 17W MarkeV
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market st.. 4 elegant uni
rights at your own price. Shonlngcr agency.
A BARGAIN; must be sold; nic«* UDrteht nt.ni
SCHMIT2, 18 McAllister stT. next iflb! Ba"g£
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck Hanlman r-n«'
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO? «4 Po" t :
Olt> »*ANPS FOR a AJLe7~
««> ACRES— McKlttrtck district. icmi/Vw-V
help Wanted— femaxe.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman to assist light
housework. 680 Natoma st. ' .
COMPETENT girl, cooking and general house-
work; $25. :Call. Tuesday forenoon, 2422 Union.
WANTED— An experienced waitress : wages
$20. 299 Hyde at.
COMPETENT girl; must , understand cooking
; and housework. : 317 Larkin ¦ st. ' - . -' • ¦ C
GIRL wanted for housework and plain cooking.
9 Glen Park ave., off Twelfth and Mission sts^
GIRL wanted to assist in general housework;
wages $15. : 117 Bartlett st.
A RESPECTABLE * girl . to 4o housework and
assist : In cooking; no * small children; good
wages. Flat 1410 Webster St. -V
YOUNG girl wanted to assist light housework
and take care of baby; good home. 1632 McAl-
lister st.;
A competent young woman for gen. housework;
no washing; reference required. 1712 Webster.
GIRL to do cooking and general housework for
2; good wages. 138 Twelfth st
WANTED— Girl for general housework and
German cpoklng. 1440 O'Farrell St.
YOUNG German girl for cooking; wages $25.
' 1207. Gough et.
ELDERLY German woman (Catholic) for
housework; $10 per month. Apply 782 Fulton.
REFINED middle-aged or elderly woman as
housekeeper for 2 children ; permanent to
right party; wages $10; country; no triflers.
Address C. K. HATCH. Elk P. O., Cal.
WANTED— A woman not under 25 by a whole-
sale house to travel; must be trustworthy and
accurate. Box 4185. Call office.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; steam
power. G. W. REYNOLD8, 697 .Mission st,
corner Second.
GERMAN girl or woman who speaks the lan-
guage correctly.' 8341 Twenty-fourth st., fore-
noons.
SEWING girls, attention!— Experienced opera-
tors on dress and negligee shirts; • steady
work; good pay. Lowenberg Co.; 27 Jessie st.
FIRST-CLASS skirt hand for ladles* tailor;
"also an apprentice; paid while learning. VER-
DIER. 9S4 Geary st , ¦
FIRST-CLASS operators on pants; steady
' work. Apply E. Hi LEVY (Inc.). 613 Market.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In general
housework. Apply 1512 Vallejo st.
IMPROVERS on skirts and waists wanted.
FRANCES, 796 Sutter St.
LUNCH waitress for small restaurant 340 Sut-
ter at .
LADIES to solicit for novelty corset: salary and
commission. A. L.. box J680, Call office.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on Iruit
1751 Folsom et.. between 13th and 14th. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla et. .
HELP WANTED — SIALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6S4S
..Leadtng Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
6 laborers, city work, board home $1 75 day
DO laborers, city and country- -$1 75 and $2 day
Laborers for section work
Tank cooper for a winery
Coachman and wife.. farmer and wife
Stableman and buggy- washers.. $50 & $30 & fd
Blacksmiths and helpers for j ranches and
shops ;
10 plow teamsters $26 and $30 and found
25 ranch hands. ...butter makers and milkers
Men to dig sweet potatoes $30 and found
Coachman farmer and wife, see boss here
Carriage painter blacksmith
¦ Harness maker boy for milk wagon
Lumber pliers. $60 drillers
Chore boys. etc. HURRAY & READY. 634-
636 Clay st. ¦
A— EXPERIENCED man for delicatessen
store, $40 and found markers for laundry
Restaurant, hotel 'and boarding-house
cocks, $30 to $50 and found saloon and
second cooks waiters, city and country
Laundry help.;. '.coatmaker, $15 to $20 week
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay st.
A— WANTED—
2 milkers, city. $35; blacksmith and shoe,
$40 and found; laborer for foundry. $1 75 a
day; bakers' helper, $30 and fare paid;
waiter, restaurant. $40; gardener, country.
$25; plowhand. $25; boy . for factory, $6 60
' week; ax man for mine, $2 a day; useful man
B for Institution, $13: office boy. wholesale
house. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
RAILROAD WORK
Foreman stonemason and' 6 stonemasons for
R. R. work.... ...'. free fare
60 teamsters. R. R. work. Nevada ....$2
.60 laborers, R. R. work, Nevada $2
Free fare " Ship dally free fare
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef. $S0 to $100; second cook, who can do
PRStry. $50 to $60: broiler, $12 a week: cook,
hotel, city, $50; saloon porter, country hotel,
$20; dishwashers, kitchen hands and others.
C. R. HANSfN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— HEAD waiter, country hotel. $40. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec., 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
JOURNEYMEN- Barbers' Union No. 14S meets
to-night 115 Turk Bt.. 9 o'clock. I. LESS. Sec.
j JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union— Bus. office 763
Market, rooms 3 and 4. I LESS, Secretary.
I WANTED — A thoroughly experienced clothing
salesman; one who can talk Portuguese; for
Sacramento. Apply D23 Market st., room 7,
bet. 2 and S p. m.
WANTED— A young man to act as floor
walker; one with good address and sterling
habits; for Weinstock. Lubin & Co., Sacra-
mento. " Apply 023 Market St., near First,
bet 2 and 3 -p. m.
j WANTED— A man experienced in roasting
coffee and capable of taking charge of de-
partment: steady position to . the rleht
party: give references and experience. Box
4146, Call office.
GOOD boy to learn printing business; good
chance. JANSSEN PRINTING & BINDING
CO., 23 Stevenson St.
A FOREMAN and 10 carpenters, 20 cabinet-
makers, 20 bench hands, 5 sticker hands. 1
sash and door man at Mechanics' Registration
Bureau, 410 Kearny St.; room 9. Non-union
mechanics please register; no office fees.
WANTED — Man and wife; man to do chores
around the place, wife to cook; German pre-
ferred. Call and see party at 103 Powell st,
bet 11 and 12 a. m. ' '
' WANTED — Young man to work in drug store:
1 or 2 years', experience: reference required.
Kibbler's Pharmacy, Larkin ¦ and Turk Bts.
LUNCH waiter wanted; 60c per day. 503
Twentieth st, near Union Iron Works.
"WANTED — Coatmaker or general tailor for the
country. J. Baumgarten & Co., 7 Montgomery.
PRACTICAL bed maker wanted. 614 Howard.
SHOEMAKER on repairing. 3351 Mission st.
WANTED— Stove plate molder. - Address
.;. "Foundry," general delivery.; Postofflce.
STRONG, boy or young man as helper in bak-i
ery. S4 a week.' 32 Sixth st. '\L~1__
CA SH : boys wanted. S. N. WOOD A CO.; 71S
. . -Market: st. . ' .".-¦'¦'-" ' '¦'¦:-.'..:.#'
GOOD shoemaker wanted on repairing. 734
< Howard st.- •• . '. • •. . .-
WANTED— An experienced waiter; none but
experienced need apply. * 20 Third St.-
NIGHT cook; must be sober man. GIBBS. 18
East St.; -'.. -.-•'" ¦.•-.¦¦¦ . ' ' '.¦•'¦.¦¦
BUSHELER' wanted for second-hand clothes.
.: Apply 1042% Howard St. ---.-.
SPECIAL inducements to rood ialesman to
take orders for merchant tailor In city. Box
4743, Call office. . .
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk ' for cash store;
: state reference; married or single; wages $12
per, week. Box 3SS4, Call office.
WAITER wanted: must do porter work. 87
Eddy st» " ¦:•¦'; - , .
A MILKER, country, $25 and found. MISS
v CULLEN,: 325 Sutter, st. .
PRESSMXN on custom pants; steady work.
.411^4 Kearny st,. top floor.
WANTED- Experienced dishwasher; $6 a week;
no other need apply; In restaurant. . 113 Turk.
OLD man to work around the house. 222 Main
; street.'./ ; v ¦¦ V ¦ ?¦•;/, ;V ; \ -: >.
STRONG boy to help on calces.^" Big Hayes st
GOOD strong honest boy to learn awning trade;
must live with parents, c 1139 Mlaslon at.
WANTED— Steady man with small capital; light
— w^ork; will pay $60 per month; experience not
required.* MCLAUGHLIN & CO.;" 777^ Market.
. riRST-CL'ASS painters. 1614 Market st.
WANTED— Cook. -¦¦ 1012 Battery St."- : - .. : . -
| YOUNG grocer. clerk; 18 or 19 years of age. ¦ 437
,. : Fourth ¦ st ,. ': ".
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker on custom coats. 927
/.Market; St., ; room' 721: --.'-; ,¦•". ¦ _:; j
, BARBERS— 3-chair- shop for sale;, going- East.
;.14 Turk st.' / -' /-.-; ' ;: ' \ . ". - -
; DRUG ' clerk— A ' reliable, ; competent prescrip-
tion clerk, wanted In a prominent drug store;
I one ;.whof speaks German- and'French pre-
; f erred. • Box 2783,, Call ; of flee. . . ./
FIRST-CLASS ladles' I tailors wanted; : highest
jwajei paid. ' FRANCIS, 7M Sutter it.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
GERMAN grocery , clerk and - barkeeper wishes
a situation; first-class references. W. BOH-
LING. 417. Kearny st. ¦¦•.->.
STEADY, reliable young man, aged 25 years,
wishes situation. Address box 8851, Call.,
DRIVER, sober young man, experienced, wishes
position . driving ; delivery wagon. Box 4148,
Call office.
COACHMAN. wants situation; can do some gar-
dening; good driver;: thoroughly competent;
city references. Box 4736. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED good hotel waiter desires
eteady position. -Address H. KIEHL," New
Atlantlo Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave; ,
MIDDLE-AGED man, strictly ; trustworthy,
good references, desires position as watch-
man or Janitor: 20 years a resident of tfils
city. Address E.. a.-- 8992. Army st.
BOOKKEEPER desires position; city or coun-
try. Address G. C. L. , 1438 Leavenworth St.,
¦San Francisco.
SWEDE S3 wants ' nosltion as porter, hotel,
country; understands bar and horses; snmrt
and handy. Box 4187. Cair office.
COACHMAN; can milk cows and care for gar-
den; first-class family reference. Box . 41S«,
Call office.
STRONG, active . young man. 19, wants ' posi-
tion in book or general merchandise etore
in country. Box 368L Call office.
PRACTICAL nurse or valet wants position;
steady and strictly sober. 699 Polk st.
COOK wants position country hotel, institution
or mining camp. Box 2779, Call office.
JAPANESE honest boy desires housework or
cook in email family. A. MURA, 626 O*Far-
rell ct.
JAPANESE young boy wants position aa wait-
er; 2 years' reference; any one will find him
trust wory. Box 4145. Call office.
JAPANESE cook wants position to do cooking
,or general work in the family. Call at 783
' Halght St.; telephone Page 1901.
CHINESE boy. desires situation as plain cook
in private family; wages J5 week. GEE OBP,
809 Dupont Bt.
CHINESE desires situation as cook in private
family; wages $30 to $35. ONG LIP. 809
Dupont st . . ¦¦-.¦¦¦ ¦
'< CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Bt. ¦ i?-.-. : v
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined frte; spectacles properly ad-
I jUFted. N. Manarse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
' FINANCIAL.
IF you have stocks cr bonds of any kind for
sale call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO.. D04 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS and houses, etc.. to rent
H27 Washington st., .flat, 8 rooms $35
1207^4 Devisadero St., flat 6 rooms 22
16<wu, Turk fit, flat. 6 rooms 18
1424 Howard St., flat, 5 rooms 14
CHOC Jessie St., flat, 3 rooms 9
250 Tehama St.. flat, 6 rooms 10
631 Elizabeth st, cottage, 5 rooms 15
17 Minna Rt. flat. 6 rooms 13
Flats wanted. SPECK & CO.. «67 Market.
A SNAP: 4 rooms, clean and sunny; reduced
to $3. 1424^4 Howard St.
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath. 2229H Miasion St.,
between Eighteenth and Nineteenth. •
HAIGHT, 459B, near Fillmore— Flat of 4 sunny
rooms; yard; basement; jaundry; $11.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN <!t HO WELL. 10 Montgomery.
LOWER flat: 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry,
cfbreroom. SU. 2419 Clay St., near Flllmore.
REED, 26—3 cozy rooms; rent $10. Apply 1325
nst., near Jones. -
VALLEJO. JJll— Four sunny rooms and bath;
all newly papered and painted.
$11— FINE flat. 4 large rooms, bath; gas and
large yard. 3923 Nineteenth St., between San-
chez and Noe; key upstairs. . >
Ji-4-ROOM flats on Victor St.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and gth. Inquire at grocery. 941 Hrvant.
FLATS TO LET — FUIINISIIED.
FLAT of 6 rooms. nicely furnished for house-
keeplng. 12 Elizabeth St.. near Guerrero.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Solid walnut folding bed; sideboard
style; drawers, cupboard, etc.; no dealers.
425 Tenth St. ¦__ -
OFFICE furniture and carpet^- almost new; a
bargain. Apply Janitor, 105 Ellis st. :
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Mar-
ket St.; telephone South 637. ;
FURNITURE ¦ WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jesele 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1854.
ALWAYS "phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent. 1305 Larkln; tel Polk «31.
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP V. ANTED— FEMALE. ;,
HOUSEWORK, Mountain View..... ..$20
Stanford J20
Herkeley $25-
Mill Valley ..$20
Alameda, 3 in family, fare paid $25
Oakland ....$2^
Sonoma • $20
And other towns.
Uoarding-house cook. Vallejo. $25; boarding-
house cook, city, $35; working housekeeper,
Berkeley, $15, no objection to a chjld; house-
keeper, Yuba City, $20; woman with achlld,
Mt. View.. $15. fare paid, and several others.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
C.'R. IIANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
2 waitresses'. Salt Lake City, $20 and bonus;
2 waitresses, first-class cafe, south, $30; 8
waitresses, different country hotels. $20 and
$25; waitress, city, $20: 2 chambermaids to
wait. $20; assistant matron., institution. $20;
laundress, country, $25; assistant laundress,
city, $20, and many others.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Worklne housekeeper for widower and chil-
dren, city. $15; Italian* housekeeper, $15: 2
«rirls for families near each other, city, - $25 ;
second cook, Menlo Park, $30; houseglrl for
old lad>v city, $12, and many others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
I TVANTED— Saleslady experienced in catering to
the best class of lady customers; give line. of
i business familiar, with references and wages
' expected. ' Box 4147, Call office. ; -V-' .-V
WANTED— An experienced apprentice girl to
work on coats. .6-13 Callfornla.st.
i APPRENTICES and errand girl In millinery
store at 692 McAllister at.
GIRL: general housework and cooking; three
. in family: no washing- or window cleaning;
call mornings. 510 Cole, opp. Chutes entrance-
SCANDINAVIAN I girl for general housework;
. fnmily 3 adults; bet 10 & 4. 1435 Golden Gate.
COMPETENT girl, German preferred, for cook-
lng. downstairs work; ref. : $25. 2614 Scott st
TT\*O ladles or girls, with or without child, for
house and nursery, ¦ at 1304 Post St.-' -
TWO flrst-clas3 vestmakers wanted at 628 Ste-
venson at. : good wages.' ' ' .
WANTED- Buttonhole makers on vests; steady
- work. . 821A Howard st.
YOUNG girl to assist light housekeeping; pleas-
ant home; $10.' 1424% Jackson st.
FIRST-CLASS : dressmaker experienced on
woolen goods near S. F. Box 3852/ Call office.
RESPECTABLE girl for light housework~ln
small family; wages $10. 77% Fourth st.
A COMPETENT girl for cooking and : house-
work for family of five In Western Addition;
good home; references.*;: Address ,C. O.; Call.
YOUNG girl ';. who understands cooking:; good
,, home; wages $10.; 1515 Sacramento st '
LADY cashier and bookkeeper." PAUSON A
. CO.. 200 Kearny st. '- < * ¦ -
WOMAN to assist housework; $15; call after 2
p. m. 2528- Mission*. > :
APPRENTICE ;-: for dressmaking; paid first
learning; improvers. 710 Polk St. .
APPRENTICE wanted on custom coats; good
pay.- -St.": Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy st, room 90.
GERMAN or Swedish girl in small American
family for general housework;- wages . $12 to
$15. .¦- Apply. 319 Page Bt..:from 8 to!2.
WANTED— Good newer; '. also apprentice ¦ for
, dressmaking. .; 120% Hayes st. :
WANTED— Young girl to assist In light house-
work. 704 Buchanan st.;: near Hayes. .
NEAT girl '¦ for general " housework au3 i cnok-
; ing. ,750 Castro st.,*; near Twenty-first st t ¦ .
EXPERIENCED hand l and, improver at ' dress-
maklng.' 857' Folsom; at. ... : ¦ :.- ; .-.;:
GIRL for general housework; small family.' 3740
Twenty-fifth „ St., ; cor.' Fair. Oaks. ..
GERMAN girl,: general housework. Apply 414
, Van Nets ave., bet." 10 and 12 a.m.: r :
IMPROVER on waists .wanted. FRANCIS. 798
-. Eutterst.--. ;.: -¦ ; ¦.- .-..: ¦ " .:> ;• :;':¦¦ .-. - -;.:.- . :•.
GOOD finisher on pants., 83 Third it, upstair*.
BCSIXESS CHANCES — COXTIXUED.
MANY choice business openings; good values.
22 groceries and bars; price from.. $800 to $2000
18 branch bakeries; price. from. ...$200 to U150
25 cigar stores; price from $125 to $1000
27 saloons; price from.... $225 to $6000,
84 restaurants; price from $150 to $2500 i
8 butcher shop*; price from $350 to J1500
4 country hotels; price from $1250 to $3000
6CHWE1NHARD & CO., 817 Market St.. bet.
Eth and 6th; telephone Mint 1911.
f 10,000 — SOUND Investment; one of the beet-
paying merchandise businesses in this county;
established for years; safe and profitable in-
vestment; half cash, balance In property. E.
E. BUNCE, &2 Broadway, Oakland.
ETATIONERY. notion, cigar and candy store;
laundry of flee; no agents. Apply 810 Turk st.
GROCERY business for sale; established 1»
years. GUY H. SALISBURY. San Jose.
FOR SALE— GODEUS 1 Photograph Gallery, l"!i
Sixth et.
$2000— HALF interest in old-established busl-
ness. Box 36S3. Call. _^_____
AN old established Jewelry etore for sale cheap
on account of Illness. Box 3C68. Call office.
A SNAP— Coffee and chop house; rheumatism
compels sale at once. 239 Eighth st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1038
Valencia Et.
. LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
14' ROOMS, rent $60, residence, clears $51... $750
15 roome. cor., part cash, hard wood..^.. SoO
16 roome. cor., eleganf, «inny, clears $78. J500
SO rooms, cor., apartments. $105 clear.... j-SW
15 rooms, cor.. S. Mkt., new, clears $97.. 2600
42 rooms, cor., downtown, urgent sale, ornce*.
Firet floor big Income, best location In city.
Only a few of my S17 houses. Please call.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., r. 1.
6 ROOMS; Taylor St.; make an offer. m
12 rooms; Golden Gate ave.; only $K»
15 rooms; O'Farrell Et.: a bargain; cash.. C00
17 rooms; Eddy St.; very rood... 000
18 rooms; Mission ft.; to-cay only *90
£2 rooms; Mason et.; cheap rent LoO
Cash or eAsv t>avments: snaps for buyers.
HAYES & WILSON. S38 Market (The Elite).
24 ROOMS; best paying house north of Market.
R) rooms; good transient house.
IS rooms; rent $35: price only $500
S3 rooms; corner; a bargain.
C9 rooms: a bargain ••}*.
EMERY. 3 Eddy St.; phone Mint 1016.
A-22-ROOM rooming house: central $1000
£0-room house; first class 10j«
11-room house; $475; 6-room flat ¦>•">
ro-room house; Eddy: rent $75; only...... 800
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market et.
42 ROOMS: cor.: worth $2500: reduced to $2000;
part cash. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
A— FURNISHED house of 7 rooms for eale;
rent of house very cheap; rooms all full. Ap-
ply 1315 Stockton Et.
1150— BARGAIN; 16-room lodging-house. 'Apply
at 483 Dupont st.
APARTMENT house— IS rm;., well furn.: gas
stoves; water free: always full. 622 G. G. ave.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGOXS.
FOR eale— I well bred road mares, 1 road buggy,
1 bike 1 cart double and single harness. 1514
O'Farrell 6t.. in rear; call 11 o'clock.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
SURREY phaeton; seat 4 or 6; price $C0. At sta-
bles, SIS Geary st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
KEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVE^^MrsTDr. Farnham, world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty: cirs.Sun..Wed..Frl.
ev's- come and be convinced. (Permanently) j
E13 Eddy Bt.. bet. Hj-de and Lcxkln; no sign, j
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night; Occi-
dental Hall. 305 Larkln; 10c; test meet, to-
morrow night Neptune Wigwam, Webster st.
station. Alameda: 10c.
MISS LOTTIE LLEWELLYN', test circle Tues.
eve. nt S o'ciock and Thurs. afternoon at 2
243 Lisbon St., near China ave. ; 10c.
MEDIUM and palmist; readings this week. 25c
and 50c; satisfaction guaranteed. Room 14,
1239 Market. st. V
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; articles
read; 10c; devel. clr. Wed, eve.. 25c. 14S 6'-h.
MRS. LESTER, medium and palmist. 131 Turk
St.; circles Sun.. Tnes.. Fri.. S p. m.. 2-'>c.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2. 8
p. m. 14 MbAlllster St., rm. 35; admission 10c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. S35 McAllister— Mr*. C. J.
Meyer, sit. dly: convinc'g tests to-night; 10c.
MRS. STODDARD'S splendid test circles Tues..
and Sun.;' 8 p. m. 278 9th; fittings.
CONSULT Watson, 1551 Mkt., nr. 12th; famous
medium A palmist; advice infallible; 25c up.
¦ PROF. GEE, medium—^Startling tests; circles
i every night, 10c; readings, COc $1. 14S Sixth.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busl-
| nets medium, life reader; sittings $1. 1104 Mkt.
! MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium.
| healer and card reader. 132 Sixth Et.. room 1.
CLAIRVOYAXTS.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader born with double veil & second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles
ECc, gent $1; palm and clair. elt $1 DO. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to S p. m.
I MRS. E. SANDERS, 614 Taylor st.. near Geary
— Clairvoyant, palmist and business medluhnj
ladies' circle Thurs.. 2 p. m.; Fri.. 8: fir., 25c.
MME. BERNARD, reads life fluently: advice
given in all affairs in life: satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
JUST returned. MRS. E. I* DAVIS, clairvoy-
ant, card reader; mental questions answered;
ladle*. 23c; rents, &0c 34 Sixth et.. room 6.
MME. ZFREDA, the Byp*7. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh; no sign.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist. palm-
ist and card reading, 25c. 1241V4 Market et.
MME. HANSCN, palmistry, card reader; past.
present, future. 25c. 14S Sixth st, room 14.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 4tSH Jessie 6t.
MRS CAMERON', card reader, medium, 2ac up.
£3 Mission rt.; don't forget number; ring bell.
ZEMDAR, young, gifted clair., card reader;
names given; 10 to 9. S Fulton st.. r. 29-30.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
rredlum. 425 Golden Gate ave.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 2iic up, 6 Fourth st
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for II.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
STANDARD. 213 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated. 25c per pair; carpets cleaned.
So yd; laying a. specialty. Phone Mission 106.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-S57 Tehama St.; tel. .South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 2c per yard, laid at Ic.
STRATTON'S. « Eighth et.; tel. Jessie 944.
j J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Bteam Carpet-Beating "Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 88-40 gth Et.; tel. South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 403 Sutter st.;
tel Main 231. GEO. JVALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 GoHen
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$10— COTTAGE 3- sunny rooms; yard; water.
134 Roye ave.. between Gough and Octavta.
CIIIR-OPOOISTS.
BUNIONS, Ingrown rails, corns, absolute cure,
palnles?:concult'n free. Dr. Duncan.415 Sutter.
rOLLECTIOX OFFIGRS.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No"chargTunI
lem successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S dog hospital^ Po^tT^nimeire—
Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, $1 BO; a!l
animals treated; degs boarded. -Tel. West 636.
DR. Creely'e C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hospltal.SlO Golden Gate av.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
FAIRFIELiyS Millinery Academy: call & ex-
amlne work; Bend for, circular.- 1236 Market.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing. pinking. 121 Post, overO'Connor&Moffatt.
McDowell DressmakiDg and Millinery School ;
private class; patterns cut... 1013 Market at. •-„ .
B. F.' Dressmaking, Ladies* Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 van Ness.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.,; you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 CO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a, m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to Z
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, platee, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W.iLEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; .crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a *plate; fillings. 60c;
crowns. $3 60; plates, full set, to 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 24 Sixth st.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1018
Market et., bet. Sixth and , Seventh; , consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain. ,
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1143 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from ?8 per set; extracting, 10c; gas given.
LOWEST prices charged for conscientious work
executed by graduate dentists at Standard
.Dental Parlors, r. £4. Murphy bldg.. 1236 Mkt.
DR. WALSH. 815% Gear}', nr. Larkln— Painless
extraction EOc; plates $5 up; tel. Polk 1135.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction,
EOc. New York Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush— j
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c. ]
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Bun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth -without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG
1841 Polk Bt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES* Business College, 723 Market St.; day
and s evening; individual Instruction. JS per
month; life scholarship, $50: bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; Just added 2j new-
typewriters; commercial department enlarged
and is the best in S. F. ; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD-S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
ruases, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AN experienced lady vocalist of European ad-
vantages desires to exchange lessons for room
In central location. Address box 3695. Call.
SPANISH classes day and evening, 805 Larkln
St., cor. McAllister; 4 lessons a week, $3 a
month; also private. PROF.F. M. VIZCAINO,
EGOKKEEPINO, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$25. TARR. expert accnt., ?20 Parrott bldg.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAjNT DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
SPANISH. French, German, singing, piano, $2
mo.; hours, 2-4, 6-8. 1236 Market, rms. 119-117.
MUNSOX School Shorthand, Tj-ping, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y, E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PA RTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine St.
FRENCH.Spanish.etc. Prof.PeFllippe'sAcademy
of Languages, 320 Post; estab. lS71;ablest profs.
CALIFORNIA Business College is again en-
larging quartern. Come see us, 30T> Larkln st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment eon-*
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; Telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn. Tel. John 2121. 806Hs Stockton.
FRED WAMATS, Japanese, Chinese contractor;
| emp. office. 544 California; tel. James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds held. 315 Stockton; Main 6188.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co. —Walters, cooks.
dishwashers; est. 1890. 102g Oak: tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417" Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 425 Powell.nr.Sutter: tel.Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411H O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WA NTED — FEMALE.
A NORWEGIAN cook. 5 years last place; Nor-
wegian second girl, maid and seamstress; ¦
xrarlor maid and waitress; .neat second girt
and a competent cook and housework girl
await positions. MIS3 CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
SWEDISH girl wants situation; general house-
work; small American family; $20 to $25. 268
Tenth st.. Swedish Baptist Church.
YOUNG woman wishes situation to do house-
work or waiting at table; city or Oakland.
Irqulre at €38 Jessie st., off Seventh.
REFINED girl desire* position to care for chil-
dren: will do light second work; wages . $20.
p,ox 3S5S. Call office.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes work In
families by the day. Address S. M.. 1735
Hyde st.
HOUSEWORK by the day. 120 Fourth st.
WOMAN" desires pttuatlon as first-class cook:
willing to do other work also. Address 412
Minna Et. -
GERMAN cook and helper want places to-
gether in hotel or boarding-house; city or
country; can do any kind of cooking. 242
Xatoma St.. basement. - ¦
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman as
cook or Eeneral housework; with references.
Call TJ3 Mission st.
YOUNG clrrto do second work or mind baby.
Box 4741. Call office. • - - ,
WOMAN wishes a position to do general house-
work in a small family; thoroughly compet-
ent. Box 4154, Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman with a girl 6 years old,,
wants work or place of trust; no trlflers: ref-
erence; wages $10. Address box 3SS5, Call.
COLORED girl wishes position as nurse for 1
child cr .second work. 107 Bernard St., off
Leavenworth, Jones, Pacific and Broadway.,
TOUNG woman wants . place to do general
housework and cooking. Apply 1411 Lyon it.
WOMAN wishes position to do housework In
private family; thorouehly understands her
business. 933V4 Folsom st.
WOMAN to do housework by the day or take
washing home. Address MRS. DAVIS, 21 ¦
Falcon ave. _ I
A GOOD seamstress that understands making
children's clothes would like a few. more en-
gagements: 75c a day. 231 Eleventh et.
A YOUNG lady wishes a position as second girl
or chambermaid. 1635 Mission Bt.
A WOMAN wants work by the day; under-
stands general housework. MRS. BAKER, 8
Stark st.
DRESSMAKING and tailoring by a first class
fitter at $2 per day. Box 2300. Call office.
A YOUNG woman would like a situation as
housekeeper In city, or country If desired.
Box <181, Call office.
NURSE with experience to take care of invalid
lady or gentleman; city or country; city ref-
erences. Box 4200. Call office.
WOMAN student wants evening work; teach,
nurse, watch, clerk; $10 month. -Box 4167, Call.
RESPECTABLE woman^ wants position as
housekeeper. Address MR& A.G.; 210 Eddy.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
lcet— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night, $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call -branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A F.RANCII office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st. - ¦ .
EMPLOYMEXT WANTED— MALE.
SITUATION wanted by competent man to take
care' of garden, horses and make himself use-
' ful around private place; can care for sick
party. Box 3S55, ; Call office.
SITUATION wanted, by .middle-aged ; man as
porter in hotel or etore.' barkeeper, clerk in
lodging-house or similar position; steady Job
preferred to high wages. * Address box 4U3,
Call ofllce. .... U , ...-.:;
WANTED— Steady young man wants light em-
ployment of any kind: can speak English and
German. Box 4152, Call ; of flee. - - ..;
SITUATION wanted by, thoroughly experienced
all-around (Eastern man) +; cook; * steady; ;; re-
liable; ¦ thoroughly • understands - his .' business:
Box SS54. Call office. . .
BRIGHT ¦ young ' man ~. seeks position . in engl-
- neerlng or electrical works with opportunity
of promotion. Box 4144, Call ' offioa. ;
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUEDCB6S OFFICE of The Ban FT»ncl»eo
Call, corner of Market and Third etreets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the yeu.
BRANCH OFFICES— in Montgomery street,
comer Clar: open until *:80 p. m.
SOO Hayes etrcet; open until 9:30 p. ra.
C33 McAllister street; open until »:W p. m,
CIS Laxk'.n etreet: cp«n until 8:10 p. m.
IS41 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
t261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntH E p. ra.
10€ Eleventh street; open until S p. ra.
109* Valencia etreet ; open until • p. m.
KcrthTPfrt corner Twenty-second and Ken-
turlcy streets ; open until » p. m.
SXEETIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6, R. A. M.. m
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-^fa^
ING, October 2Z, at T:«0 o'clork. P. >t3f
M. end M. E. M. degrees. By order/ Tfa
of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. SO. F. and •
A. M.— Meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _JV_
EVENING, at 7:80 o'clock. First De- jLjt
gree. By order of W. M. '?'
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary. ;
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. m
1T1 Eddy St., meets THIS (TUESDAY) _#%_
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. Third De- y_f{
gree. / »
GEORGE PENXJNGTON. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. «
M.— Third Degree THIS (TUESDAY) m _n_
EVENING, at 7:80 o'clock. KJk
A- 6. HUBBARD. Secretary. ™'
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 2», I. O.
O. F.— Initiation THIS (TUES- ~<72$S9:
DAY) EVENING. "^SfP^
J. T. JONES, N. G.
SAMTJEL POLACK. Secretary.
THE special meeting of the Ber-
vlaa-Montenegrte L. «nd B. Bo- jVy^)
ciety will be held WEDNES- w _ r * A ?<*'
DAY EVENING. October 24. f»?>^j>^!
JSOO. at 7:30 o'clock, at 10 Cal- f u -*£s?«Kl
lfornla et. All officers and mera~ H'.i>.SJMr,13
bers are notified to attend; there t^^fit'Jj
le Important business to be v^jjufljf
transacted. Fine for non-attend- 'Qzzi' 1 '
asce will b« strictly enforced.
By order of -¦-
M. K. TASOVAZ. President.
6PIRO 6. VUCOSAVLIEVICH. Secretary.
ANNTAL MEETING— Regular annual meet-
lne of stockholders of the KILAUEA BUOAR
PLANTATION CO. will be held at the office
ef the company. No. S37 Market st. Ban
Francisco, California,* on WEDNESDAY,
the t4th day of October. 1900, at 11 o'clock
a. ra... tor the purpose of electing a board
of directors to eervs for the ensuing year
and the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting. Transfer books
close on Saturday, October 13, at 1! o clock m.
¦ E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
AGEXTS WASTED.
CHQW~ywir~ccTors: blow your cigar and get
the dollar*; 10c in etamps pets samples ee-
eurely mailed and information. A cents Suie-
ply Op.. »125 Market Et.. S. F.
ft DAT anfl commission; no experience. 1 to S j
p. ra.. 10S2 Market ft., room L
INSURANCE solicitors, life, fir*, marine.
wanted for clde line. Adflres* box 41E0, Call.
TO handle Robinson'* Thermal Bath Cabinet.
Pacific Agents' Supply Co.. 1T30 Treat eve.
e» .. . - =
ASPHALTIM ROOFIXG.
3 PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks; cellar
"floors Uia. repaired: postal. HS6 Mission et.
ASTUOLrOGV.
DR f T. TAYLOR, scientific astrologer: call
for free c«py "The New Moon." 7G3 Market.
MMK HICKEY— Astrolcgist ; horoscopes. 50c; j
card reading ang palmistry. 25c. 1953 Mission, j
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
It W. KING, attorney at law, 927 Market Et.,
room CTT— Estates, damages, attachments,
btnkrurtcy. collection*; all cases; fair fees;
r.o advance charges; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no f^e without Fuecess: collections. G. W. t
HOWE atty at law. S50 Market, cor. Stockton, j
I EDW. JARRETT, Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market sts.; phone Red E2G2.
FF.EE aflvice; divorce lsws, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 114 Montgomery.
APV1CE free; no eharg-e unless successful. W.
W. Davidson, $27 Market et., opp. Mason.
L. 8. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. ?27 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free: no fees in advance
BATH CABINETS.
ROBINSON. Niagara, Perfection and others.
W. S. BROWN CO.. agency. C6 Ellis it.. S.F.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
IiADY living short distance from town wishes
care o' baby. MRS. A. ELLIB. Colma.
BOARD for little rirl: best of care; reasonable.
4 Chnrrh lane, near Church and 16th fts.
PRIVATE family would like to board a child.
C09 Jore» it.
WANTED— A small child to board; good home, j
. lOC 1^ Green rt. j
IADY would like a child to board In good
home. SI South Park.
BCSIXESS CHANCES.
J»ARTNER wanted, restaurant In Vallejo: fine
business. 40 eteaiy boarders ; good transient;
terci*. 1300 cash, easy installments of f200;
investigation eolicited; or owner will sell the
whole: a etileadid chanc* Call K. G.
WILKE. ISVs Kearny «t-
A -41000; RESTAURANT close toPbelan build- |
Ing; •will eell half or Trhole; place clearing j
f200 r<«r month. Call R. O. WILKE. 26^
Kearny et.
aZ**50: CORNER ealoon in wholesale district ;
rent fcO; good paying business.
A I1W0 saloon in wholesale and manufactur-
ing district; doing an Al paying business;
mercantile lunch; a cpleniSld offer. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^* Keamy Et.
ATTENTION. RESTAURANT MEN I
A— $5500; cafe with long leaee. close to Mar-
ket and Powell ets.; surrounded by theaters,
and doing a rushing business; customers and
prices flntt -class; private dining roome. with
ladies' entrances; sickness compels owner to
leave the city. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
ttSt Kearny «t.
A— ISOO; BUTCHER rnop. with horse and cart,
r In best location of Western Addition; place
established for years and cole* a first-clasa ,
business: a. cpleniUd chanc* for, any man.
C«ll R. G. WILKE, Kearny n.
X— $400; BUTCHER ehop on Valencia St.,
monthly receipts about $1200; celling 4 cattle
* per 'week; low rent; rood business. Call Ii.
G. WILKE. 28H Kearny st. .
A— $1250; SALOON with 10 furnished rooms;
close to Hall of Justice; place establ. many
years asd doing a good business; owner en- ,
f-ajr<"<3 otherwise cause of Kale; a bargain.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Keamy Bt.
A— $200; DINING room aad restaurant with
private lunch rooms In leading private hotel;
close to O'Farrell and Mason; SO steady boe*J-
cn; a rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V&
Keamy st.
A — LIVER T ana boarding stable; park loca-
tion; good chance. Cowing & Co.. 718 Market.
A— PLUMBING ehep; fine location: snap for
ecod nan. COWING & CO.. 7U Market et.
A— RESTAURANT In best part of city; must
he eold this day. OOWIKG, Tit Market et.
A— FINE wholesile and retail fruit business;
bargain. COWING & CO., 719 Market bU
J350 — FRUIT store; 1 furnished rooms: receipts
$S3 per day; rood horse ana wa^ron; full value
in Eight. MCLAUGHLIN, 777 Market Bt.
$3">0— RESTAURANT In a fine location: goad
bus. ; great bargain. Laae & Co., SC5 Market.
PARTNERSHIP In sound commission or elm-
ilar t>urtne«» wanted by rentleman sred 26,
rnergetlc and good business man, in exchange
for ten-ices ana small capital. Box SS56, Call.
11256 WILL buy best creamery, etc.. business in
the city; daily receipts over J40; trial given-
eicknesc cause of f-I!!r.r. Address box 3364,
Call office.
A BARGAIN; corner grocery, with bar; cash
burners; Mission district; no agents; terms
cash; invtstiration Invited. Box 41SJ. Call.
JMfr-EP.AK(Jn bakery, candy, tijrars. notions
etationery; near transfer corner. 2S* Valencia.
14-ROOM house; newly furnished; always full-
pas, Lath. 746 Howard et.
J12 f i0— I1OTKL. 26 rooms, public haM; rent r50*
€32 Market rt.. room 6.
$4:iO-KESTAURANT: fine morning and even-
ing trade; everything in complete running
order; present owner 4 years; lnveetlrate. 223
glxth tt. _^
PARTNER wanted In an o'.a established whole-
eaie and retail liquor store; this is a chance
of a lifetime for a party of means and abil-
ity: principal* only. Address Owner, box
27S2. Call ofnee. • .
. A— RESTAURANT at 14S Firth St., doing good
business; the cause of eale sickness; good
chance for man and wife.
RARE chance — Old-wtabllshed hotel; rood op-
oortunlty for tie rl^ht party: to let. furnished
or unfurnished. Apply J44S Ean Bruno ave.
WOOD and coal yard; f wagons, 1 horse,- scale,
etc., fcr tale. 110S • Florida St., between
Twecty-thlrd and Twenty-fourth.
A PROFITABLE manufacturinr business - for
sale; smell capita) required. Call at 116 Sec-
cofi St., third floor, rm. L and Investigate.
HELP WANTED— SIALE.
MEN wanted for the United States Navy— Ma-
chinists, first class, age 21 to *3, pay per
.month. J55; machinists, second class, age a
to 85, pay. per month. $10; electricians, third
class, age 21 to 33, pay per month $30: ship-
wrights (carpenters), age n to 85, pay per
month, $25; seamen, age- 21, to 35, pay per
.month, $?4; ordinary seamen, age 18 to 30.
pay per month, J19; landsmen, age 18 to 25,
pay. per month. $16; apprentices, third class,
are is to 17, pay per month. $9. All candi-
dates for enlistment must pass a physical ex-
• amination Bhowing them to be free from dis-
qualifying ailments. Machinists must pass
an examination showing them to b« ma-
chinists by trade. Electricians must pass a
practical examination in electricity, espe-
cially on the handling of electrical machines.
Shipwrights must b« carpenters by trade.
Seamen and ordinary seamen must pass an
examination In seamanship. Landsmen and
apprentices will be required to pass the phys-
ical examination only. The term of enlist-
ment is for four years. Should a man re-en-
11st within a period of four months from the
date of honorable discharge he will receive a
bonus of four months' pay and an addition
to his monthly pay of $1 36 for each re-enllst-
ment. Rations. . medicines and medical at-
tendance ar« furnished gTatls.ln addition to
Pay. Privilege of retirement after thirty
years' service on three-quarters of the pay
received at date of retirement. It is the de-
sire of the Navy Department to obtain a
larce number of able-bodied Americans for
the nayy. who will be given every opportunity
for advancement as scon as they are qualified
for the higher ratings. The early completion
of a number of fine ships for th« navy will ;
make a large increase In the enlisted force ;
necessary, and this will cause a correspond-
ing large increase in the number of petty offt-
cers, who will be advanced from the lower
ratings. Recruits who may be accepted will
be asslgrfed to a U. S. war vessel ; appren-
tices to the naval training station. San Fran-
cisco. Cal. Application? should be made at
the U. S. Naval Recruiting Rendezvous, cor-
ner of Market and East streets. San Fran-
cisco, Cal. "
WANTED— First-class salesman to take as a
; side line California produce: Navada. Utah
and Montana- Apply at 301 Drumm st.
2-CHAIR shop doing from $30 to $33 per week;
this Is a bargain and must be sold at once.
Box 3697. Call office.
BASSOS and tenors for vested choir; instruc-
tion given In sight reading. The Good Sa-
marltan Mission, Second st., neae Folsom.
WANTED— Machine edge trimmer and setter.
WENTWORTH-SWITZER SHOE CO.. 119
Pine st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per weelc
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. £62 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS operators on pants: steady
work. Apply E. H. LEVY (Inc.). 613 Market.
MAN for industrial debit: 8 to 9 a. m.. 6 to 6
p. m. M. L. RYAN, room 6. 405 Montgomery.
WANTED— A good coatmaker at E20 Kearny
st., first floor, room 1.
FJRST-CLASS ladV'es* tailor on ladles' coats.
VERDIER, 9S4 Geary st.
BOY for Jewelry trade. R. BUJALTCOFF, 17
Lick place. Lick House.
GOOD general baker: evenings, 6 to 11: bright
; prospect, sober, reliable man. Box 4157, Call.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
prlc. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House. 519 Sacra-
mento St.. near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
vent 1 IatedK>oins ! _A J McGREE2lY^Prop 1 _^
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; positions guaranteed; special
inducements ; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old. reliable
firm. 806 Market, rm. 40. Phelan bld^. ; pen-
' slon vouchers executed, 23c; advice free.
YOUNG man wanted to learn tHe barber trade:
easy terms. ' 713 Mission st.
BvTRBER shop for sale: good chance for mar-
ried man. Call 1096 Valencia st.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st. "r.,*'j
STOLTZ. barber supplies, removed from 830
Market (basement) to 636 Market St.. upstairs.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 peT week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands:
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 1«
years' practice; Examiner building.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms. 15c to 25c night; 75c to $2 week.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
HEMORRHOIDS.
PILES — SOO cures business men in San Fran-
clsco; can be seen: no operation: no pain; par-
tlculars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HOUSES, LIVE STOCIC, Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FEED Manhattan food: keeps horses, cows,
poultry and dogs healthy. 1233 Folsom St., S.F.
FIRST-CLASS young cow for sale, fresh. ESS
Pennsylvania ave., near Twenty-second.
2- FINE family' cows for sale at C. GILL'S,
4£2O Mission st.
~ HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to iet ; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BUSH, 1224 — Sunny house of 8 rooms and bath;
rent $37 5"/ water free; yard.
CASTRO, 745— Nearly new house. 8 rooms and
bath ; good location and view. Apply premises.
FOR rent — House. 7 rooms; double parlors. 20
Mary et.. near Fifth. .
j HOUSES TO LET— FUR.MSHED.
COMPLETELY furnished house of 13 sunny
rooms: 2 baths; large grounds; marine view;
f S5. Southeast cor. Green and Leavenworth.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — To lease, modern house. Western
Addition: 10 or p rooms. Box 3672. Call office.
~~ LOST AXD FOUND*. ~
1X5ST — Gold pin: wishbone: S opal stones: be-
tween Sixteenth and Dolores and Waller sts.
¦ Return to 215 Dorland st. ; reward.
LOST— Saturday afternoon; pearl bead neck-
lace. Reward for return to 614 Capp st.
LOST— Gold watch on Ellls-st. line. Reward at
1020 Shotwell st.
LOST— A Fox terrier, with toe missing from
right front paw. Owner and reward at sa-
loon. N. W. cor. .First and Howard st.i.
. . MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market-Ladled
specialists; 82 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladies treated can return
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure,
any one can use it; perfectly harmless; home
for confinement. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O' DONNE LL, .the world-renowned
ladles" specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of casessuccessfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fail call on him. Moved 1013 Market
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists
j have returned from Europe; safe and reliable-
cure $5; hare treated thousands of cases with
success: 15 years' practice in S. F.; maternity
home; low fees. 1007^s Market St.. near Sixth.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladies' specialist-
treatment, $5: private home before and dur-
ing confinement; hours, 9 to 5; 8unday 10 to
; 2. Removed to 957 Market St.. cor. Sixth.
IMPORTANT notice for ladles— Help for tha
poor; 'cure reduced from t, $5 to $2 SO- every
woman her own physician : can be sent and
used home. DR. TOPPER. 323 Kearny it.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs 1
practice: home Un confinement: treatment at
office. $5; any ailment: consultation free- Kuar-
¦ nteed. 9t2 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
NG TOY KEE. Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed; send for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento st., corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. .1035 Market— Ladies" spe-
"cislist; home in confinement; safe and re-
liable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
PR, WISE. th» lad'en' speclnlUt. HIS Market »t.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SAlTlS^
BOILERS, engines. 2<l-hand m1icMnery7~M£
¦ INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont «t.
BARS,. back bars, mirrors." showcase!., counters
linoleum, new and cerohd hand ; - we always
have a large stock of caloon outfits on hand-
82 complete outfits on our floor, ready made-
we can shlo everything In it hours. J.
; NOONAN.» 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission st..
above Sixth; write .for . catalogue.
A— BUYS;,' sells or rents gear • machinery, en-
glnes, : boilers, water "pipe, ihaftlns: duIIsyb.
eta WHITELAW. as Spear it." •""'•*•• j
20Last week Tamalpals Camp met In
Its new hall on Fourth street and
there were present «so many visitors that
it was impossible for all to obtain seats.
Several ¦ candidates were Initiated by th©
officers of Golden Gate Camp, assisted by
the degree team of that camp and the de
gree team of Western Addition Camp. Tho
work was done in a most perfect manner
and was ¦ loudly applauded. After the
work the members , of the ¦ Golden Gate
degree team gave an exhibition drill,
which was also heartily applauded. > ¦
Woodmen of the World.
¦ A ' committee of Gan Francisco Tent " is
arranging % for a banquet and ball to be
given at no distant day to the members
and their families ¦¦-'¦:
With the assistance of Deputy Supreme
Commander Blake, ' who Is devoting • him
self exclusively to the. building up or San
Francisco Ten^No. 14, that subordinate la
adding" to its membership -' at =• every ' re
view. The degree team has recently added
some elegant paraphernalia ; to , that" pre
viously on hand and the tent has also se
cured scenery .: representing views of the
Holy ? City, localities . where <¦ the • Macca
bees : had their -J habitat in > olden ti mes.'
These will • prove an Interesting addition
In the degree work. .
The ; Maccabees.
wnat constitutes a pool and whether .the
ordinance is -valid, the Judge by consent
imposed a fine ; of $25 on the defendant
and notice of .appeal was, at once given:
The statement on appeal was Quickly pre
pare*? s so the matter ¦ would be .- submitted
a? speedily as possible. ¦¦
->The other, test case, that of Harry Cor
bett, who ¦'. sold . a , pool. Lieutenant Bird
sail .being on one end and Harry Piper on
the other ,'• will be tried before Judge Ca
baniss to-day.- -The case of Thomas Cor
bett :was called in Judge Fritz's court
yesterday and by consent continued for a
week.
George Duncan Fined, by Judge Mo
gan and Statement on Appeal
Quickly Prepared.
George Duncan, cjerk in D. J. Crowley's
poolrooms, who was convicted by Judge
Mogan Friday on the charge of violating
the' ordinance against poolselllng, appear
ed '' for sentence yesterday. As this was
the first of the test cases to be taken to
the Superior Court on. appeal to decide
SENTENCE IMPOSED IN
POOLMHN'S TEST CASE
Berkeley Council Is steadily moving up
the ladder of prosperity and Is becoming
a factor In the fraternal circles In that
section of the country. This council is ar
ranging for a number of pleasing and In
structive entertainments during the win
ter months. '
San Francisco Council No. 14 of the Or
der of Americus gave the first of a series
of entertainments In Its meeting hall, In
Native Sons' building, last week. There
was a large attendance of members
and friends and there was an interesting:
programme of literary efforts ana musi
cal numbers. There was an address by
Congressman Julius Kahn on the "Advan
tages of Good Citizenship," and he spoke
in glowing terms of tho principles of the
Americus. declaring that each Is a plat
form in itself. During, the evening re
freshments were served.
Order of Americus.
ished for contempt of. court for having
disobeyed an order directing him to pay
his ¦ former wife, Mrs. Adllado L. Boyes,
alimony in the sum of $30 a month. ;
Mrs. Boyes claims the money due; for
the support of the children is being used
by the doctor to buy Jewels for a young
lady to whom her husband is engaged -to
be married. •
Next week Dr. Boy«3 win be given an
opportunity to tell his side of the story.
BR. WILLIAM BOYES IS
CITED FOB CX)NTEMPT
Former Wife Says He Neglects His
Children to Buy Jewels for
•Fiancee.
Dr. William J. R. BoyeB has been cited
to show cause why he should not be pun-
Ramona Council of the Degree of Poca
hontas. organized by William J. Reid of
Ahwashte Tribe, will be instituted Octo
ber 16 in Twin Peaks Hall with seventy
five charter members.
Montezuma Tribe has received sixty ap
plications tn the past four weeks. On the
30th lnst. this tribe will have a feast of
corn and venison ¦ and have an excellent
programme for its friends. The tribe has
donated $20 to the Galveston sufferers.
Bald Eagle Tribe conferred the Chiefs
degree on several candidates last week,
the work being by the team that carried
off the trophy at the last held competitive
exhibition.
Last week in the presence of a
large number of members and visitors
Montezuma Tribe adopted ten strangers
and at the next council twenty will be
adopted. Past Sachem "B. F. Ledford In
two weeks proposed thirty-two names
and at the next council will have as many
more to offer.
Improved Order of Bed If en.
Unsound Mind.
The contestants of the codicil to the will
of the late John P. P. Van Den Bergh
closed their case yesterday and the de
fense opened. Dr. Simeon Bishop was
called as an expert witness for the con
testants and expressed his unqualified
opinion, gathered from the evidence In the
case, that at the time the codicil was ex
ecuted deceased was ot unsound mind.
The evidence established tne contest
ants' contention that* deceased was much
enfeebled In body and ten minutes before
signing" the codicil had been given a dose
olTmorphine, which had been preceded by
other doses of the same drug.
Dr. Bishop expressed the opinion that
the morphine would unquestionably stu
pefy the patient, but still, in view of tho
clinical history of the case, even had no
morphine been given he would hold to th«
opinion that the deceased wa» of unsound
mind.
• As medical superintendent of the Neva
da State Insane Asylum,' which position
he held for a number of years. Dr. Bishop
said ¦ he was afforded exceptional oppor
tunities for noting tho action and. effects
of morphine on the minds and bodies of
the asylum patients.
VAN DEN BERGH CONTEST
ABOUT READY TO CLOSE
Dr. Simeon Bishop Expresses Opinion
-v That the Deceased Was of
The proposition In Court Terba Buena
to impose a penalty on absent members
did not materialize, as the members were
opposed to it. The court has appointed a
committee to arrange for monthly enter
tainments.
The committee of the Past Chief Rang
ers' Association that is arranging to give
the first of a series of entertainments in
the name of the order held a meeting last
week and received progress reports. A
first class programme has been prepared
for the occasion.
E. A. Mack. D. S. H. C. R,. recently vis
ited Vacaville and there instituted a
new court of the Independent Order of
Foresters, with twenty-six charter mem
bers. He was assisted in the work by
Deputy B. H. Bickford. Thomas A.
Smith, principal of the high school, was
chosen chief ranger and Charles Farthing
ham, a prominent business man of tha
place, was chosen financial secretary. The
court will initiate eleven candidates at the
next meeting.
Independent Foresters.
NEW YORK, Oct 22.— As a result of
cable correspondence between the New
York Yacht Club and Sir Thomas Upton
tho time limit of races has been ftxed at
five and a half hours, and 1 o'clock as ina
time limit of the start.
Time Limit for Yacht Races.
stead of entering for two special stakes
116 balls were put in the box. the first 58
drawn being for the "Wednesday and the
next 53 for the Thursday stake. The
draws ate:
Wednesday reserve stake, 68 entries— R. e!
An B. Lopez & Son's "WarrlKal vs. Russell Al
len & Wilson's Scotland Yet: Russell, Allen. &
Wilson's Strayaway vs. W. Cramer's Jesse
Moore; J. Dean's Belle of Anderson vs. P. N.
Clarkson'a Golden Garter; P. Stelnhoff's Veto
vs. W. Cramer's Onward; R. E. de B. Lopez
& Son's Minnie fl'a Wa vs. R. B. de B. Lopes
& Son's Dairy Maid; R. K. de B. Lopez & Son's
Wombat vs. P. J. Olmo's Cora Pearl; W. J.
Urownlng'a Mountain Belle vs. J.* W. Wood's
Cliff Wilson; W. D. Murphy's Crawford Lass
¦vs. George Sharman's The Doctor; J. Hurley's
O- K Capitol vs. Russell, Allen "& Wilson's
Belle. Claire; Curtis & Son's Roslnante vs. R.
E. do B. Lopez & Son's W»rrtb«e; F. Moran's
Gold Dollar vs. P. M. Clarkson's Headwater;
E. _ Kellopg's Iowa Maid vs. Chlarini Broth
ers' Brass Buttons; J. I. O'Brien's Wandering
Tom vs. J. H. Perlsro's Lady Davenport: J. L.
Ross* J L R vs. C. Grau's Martha Washington;
.T. Hurley's Hurricane vs. R. McCabe's Mellow;
Fasha Kennels' Rest Assured vs. W. H. Kln
ney's Lord Lytton; J. P. Thrift's Sir Hughie
vs. B. Dean'ff Free Silver Boy; J, I. O'Brien's
I'&sha Queen vs. P. Moore's Thorndale; George
Pharman's- Black Flush vs. W. J. Leonard's
Uayllgtht; Aeneld Kennels' AcbUles vs. J. H.
McNeil's Pearl Mac; Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Wedding Bells vs. CurtU & Son's Cash; Captain
Cane's Rose of Arden vs. J. Maher's'Emma M;
J. Sersesnn's Gold Hill vs. Curtis & Son's Kl
boslj; K. M. Kellogg's Ben's Babe vs. J. Byrne's
Olympus; H. Lynch's Lyddite vs. .D. Dillon's
Snowdrop; T. W. Bartels' Betsy Barrow vs.
O. Zahl's Miss Allen; O, Zahl's Miss Wilson vs.
I'asha Kennels' Run Amuck; R. E. de B. Lo
pez & Son's Warrifco vs. A. Van der Burg's
Naushty Girl; H. H. Gray's* Terronette vs. T.
Doyle's Rural Artist.
Thursday special reserve stake, 68 entries —
L. F. Bartels' Banner Bright vs. Pasha Ken
nel's Reve d' Amour; Schaffer Brothers' Thun
derbolt vs. H. HV Gray's Commander; Curtis
& Son's Psyche vs. J. McNeil's Black Hawk;
J.Mooney's Silent Treasure vs. J. McEnroe's
Admiral Sampson; J. H. W. Muller's Mocorito
vs. Pasha Kennels' Recording: Angel ; J, Col
lins" Richmond King vs. Maher & Reid's Bad
Boy; J. H. Perlgo'* Querita Vincent vs. Pasha
Kennels' Risky Attempt; Sterl & Knowles'
OHta vs. B. Hayes' Falrmount Boy; R. L.' Tay-
Jcr*s Beauty Spot vs. H. Lynch's Lexington:
, M. B. Kavanaugh's Hard Lines vs. J. Byrnes
Battleship; Aeneid Kennels' Flying Faster vs.
Captain Cane's Victor Queen; George Shar
man's Miss Skyrocket vs. J. L. Ross' Doris;
Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist vs. F. A. Mc-
Comb's Tha Exile; Sterl & Knowles' Amarosa
vs. J. O'Dowd's Erin's Hope; A. Johnson's Tod
Moan vs., R. E. de B. Lopea & Son's Diablo;
F. L. Bartels' Beer Brewer vs. Maher & Reid's
Nellie Bawn; F. Jones' Wedgwood vs. Maher
A Reid's Singleton; T. J. Cronln's Vixen vs.
Kay Brothers' Crosspatch; J. Hurley's Shylock
Boy vs. \V. C. Badger's Alameda Lad; Joe
Trade's Old Glory vs. H. H. Gray's Uncle Ned;
A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty vs. E. 'Bur
m'eUter'a Los Angeles; J. Dlckson's Lady Bess
v». H. Lynch's Gamecock; Curtis & Son's
Shadow vs. Sterl' & Knowles" Frosty Morn;
J Keenan's Lady Sears vs; T. Cooney's Mod
esty; Pasha Kennels' Gold Nugget vs. H. H.
Gray's BannocUburn; T. J. Cronln's Daisy Dale
vb. J. Keenan's Lundin Links; Chlarini Broth
ers' Palmyra vs. Aeneld Kennels' Aeneas; J.
Keenan's Black Lock vs. Chiarlnl Brothers'
Bunko BUI; P. M, Clarkson's Flower of Gold
vs Lowe & Thompson's Little Fullerton.
Two Coursing Events Which Will
Keep the Local Leash—en
Busy.
There will be two stakes at Union Park
this week— Wednesday and Thursday. In-
DBAW TOR T_E MIDWEEK
STAKES AT UNION PARK
His Principal Creditors Are Corpora
tions and Individuals Residing
Outside of This State.
Joseph Altschul, a vineyardtet of Hur
ray Township. Alameda County, filed a
petition In Insolvency In tho United States
District Court yesterday. His debts
amount to $100,773 37 and his assets, are
$104 043. His* principal creditors are
Anspacher Brothers. $15,000; Philip Flelss
of Merau. Austria. $17,126; William Simp
son. New York. $5400; Columbus Trust
Company of Pennsylvania, $15,000; Henry
Bischoff & Co., New York, 4391; Lincoln
National Bank. New York. $6121; Mounta
vllle National Bank and J. F. Gunneson
of Boston. $12,306 33.
Ernest Wer.tworth. a brakeman resid
ing In Stockton, filed a petition in in
solvency. Ho owes $435 75 and he has no
assets, and B. C. Epperson filed a petition
In which he stated his debts at {16,366 and
his assets at $6313.
WINEMAKEB ALTSCHUIi
FAILS FOB A FORTUNE
The board of governors of the Pacific
Commercial Museum elected Eugene
Goodwin director of the museum at a'
meeting held yesterday afternoon at the
rooms of the San Francisco Board of
Trade. They also adopted by-laws, one
of the sections of which provides that the
director shall have the immediate) direc
tion and charge of the' museum and Its
employes; that he shall devote all his time
to the Institution,, and bo responsible to
the president and board of governors for
its" proper management This makes Mr.
Goodwin, the executive officer of the Com
mercial Museum. He was nominated by
Irving M.; Scott, president of the museum,
and the election was unanimous. Mr.
Goodwin has acted as secretary during all
the preliminary proceedings.
The selection of a successor to P. W.
Dohrmann as member of the, board of
governors, he having declined to serve,
waB not made. Some of the members
Btlll hope that he may be induced to re
conaider his determination to retire.
The by-laws yesterday adopted will do
away with difficulties previously expe
rienced. Much of the text merely pro
vides for the election of and duties of of
ficers. The purposes of the museum were
formally set forth in accordance with the
previous declarations on that subject. The
principal objects enumerated are as fol
lows: To gather information that will
tend to develop commerce with foreign
countries, and especially with all" coun
tries in and around the Pacific and Indian
oceans; to establish connections with the
Philadelphia Commercial Museum. Ameri
can Asiatic Association and kindred In
stitutions; to collect and exhibit products
of foreign countries which may be useful
to American manufacturers,, to make tests
of these products and to publish facts
concerning them; to facilitate by such
other means as may be deemed desirable
the foreign commerce of the United
States.
Eugene Goodwin. Is "Unanimously
Chosen as the Director— By-
Laws Adopted.
EXECUTIVE HEAD FOB
COMMERCIAL MUSETJM
T D Frawley. Wash I
H J Louis. New York
J Adams, Seattle
J T Steeb. Tacoma
S Word, Helena
M F Qulnn. Saginaw
S C Vlnnberly, Mich
F .H Dakln, Berkeley
O A Tipper. San Diego
W A Brewer. S Mateo
A H Atherton. Boston
A S Mackenzie, S Jose
A W Kelly. Berkeley
C Dudley, Berkeley
T Holland. Pa
E W Alexander. Pa
J A Montgomery, Chgo
K E Stuart, Pa • |
G Goldsmith, L Ane
H W Chllds. Helena
T B Miller. Helena
W W Van- Andale, Mo-
Cloud
Mrs Van Andale, McCl
C Wilson & w. N Y
C J Hurst, England
Miss Hurst, England
M Green. Boston . ¦
E S Frlebere, Ohio
E Desco. Pasadena
J S Hoefllch. Ohio 1
E P Dunn. S Barbara
Miss Harrlncton, CoIup
Miss L T Harrington.
Colusa '
W A Thurstoo, USA
B F Brooks, Bakersfld
C E Pearsall. Eureka
J E Henry, Lincoln
Y E Henry, Lincoln
H B Wood & w. S Jose
F Moeeley & w, Bostn
Miss Moseley, Boston*
G L Llbby. New York
H 8 Baron, New York
J P Woodby, Carson
O G Hyner. Chicago
A G Stevenson, L Atig
Mrs Stevenson. L Ang
H F Xorcross. L Ang
E Barry, Azusa
F W Seward. N Y ¦
J R PhilllD*. Stockton
H A Hurlburt. NY
Mrs Hurlburt. N York
W S Fletcher. N Y
E Smith, Denver '
F T Sutherland. Colo
G Dana, Cincinnati
J Shorbecke, Baltimore
W HoDklns & w, Grub
Gulch
GRAND HOTEL.
J H Graves, San Jose
T Jonew, Sacramento
M Winter. N Y
C Gresswell, Denver
W N Noble, San Jos©
G C Price. Palo Alto
Mrs M E Borye. Rckpt
G L Jones, Grass Val
S Dannenbaum, ValleJ
P Bernheim. Vallejo
J HlBKlns, Vallejo
E B Stone. Buffalo
R G Barthel, Buffalo .
Dr J W Farrlnxton,
Blsbea
•W C Barrett & w. Oak
K Carter. Duarte
J Mallory. Baltimore
A M Ilreckenrldge.Arlz
M M Salmon. S Barba
L H Brlggs, Portland
S M Hauptman, Ashld
F,H Botsford. Phlla
W Knauth. Hamburg
G Slebold. St Loula
E E Miller. Iowa
A H Dixon. N Mox
G W Parks. N Mex
F Geortee, N Mex
C W Easton. Modesto
II K Stahl, San Jose
AV C Richards & W.NT
M BIers Jr. Orovllle
B Fleischer & w. Cal
M h Elliott. S Rosa
\. Metzler, Santa Cruz
J Thompson, Modesto
L D Green. Walnut Gr
E C Ward, USA
Ida E. Bowen. L Ang
Mrs S C Jordan, Sacto
A F Eaton. San Joso
Annie Rogers. S Jose
N E Bunker. Newman
S P Poland, S Joiia
H S' Morse, San Jose
A J Larson. LoJl
N Dunbar & w,S Clura
W C Byrne &w,S Cruz
H E Mack & w. Phlla
L Du Pont Syle.Berkly
E C Hart. Sacramento
W M Lowell. Sacto
A H "Apton & w.S Jose
J U Gould. Pa
W F Parker. Los Anff
F Greatzer, Nome
H Coon, Nome ¦ .
J F Clapp, Chicago ,
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J McCullouEh & f»tm,
Chicago
J A Brown, Chicago
A LeKgett., Chicago
C H Rossback, Stkton
F B Mulean. Ohio
J O Thomas, St Louis
G W Condon & vr, Cal
T Harris, Fresno
C W Jones, Oakdale
P Chrlstenson & w, Cal
AV P Anderson, Nevad
P Wolflnger, Chicago
G "VV Arthur, Cal
J Rhoads. Portland
J D Banker, San Jose
A Brenden, S Jose
S E Ball.ird. Stockton
M Connelly. S Rosa
W Moore, Merced
H Keefe, Salinas
n W Gates,, Los Ang
PALACE HOTEL.
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
— • — . „
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 23.— UtpKfift Zo
lock. a green pacer, was the admiration
of the crowd at Agricultural Park to-day.
He has been on the turf but four months,
but he showed himself to such good ad
vantage In the 2:20 para that' racegoers
unanimously declared him a coming won
der. Zolock has a mark of 2:10%. but a*
was not obliged to make better than S:14
to-day in company with Fredertc_bur«r
and Cloe. He won the race in straight:
heats under a pull. ¦
The first heat of th« 2:14 trot — ui won
by Maggie McKlnney In 2:13, Alta VeU
taking the next two heats and the r*vc©
in 2:13H and 2:16. The driver of Alta
Vela was fined $20 for laying up the first
heat and the driver of -Masst* jJcKia
ney was assessed a like amount for not
driving out In the second.
With but one exception tho favrwltaa
were beaten in the four running races.
In the five-eighths event Myrtle, at 10 to
1. won by a neck from LJttfa Edelweiss.
Briton, the favorite, at 4 to 5, came la &
bad fourth In a field of seven.
In the three-quarters of a mile race tho
six entries were bunched Into the stretch
when Nettie Clark forged ahead and
passed the Judges a length ahead of Gr_
ter, the favorite.
Proclamation was well played to win In
the mile and a sixteenth, but Grady.
which got oft better than ustsal. beat »>»Tn
half a length.
Good Hope, at 1 to 2, won the three
quarters of a mile event by a neck from
Alaria. He was the only winning favorite
of th* day. Summary:
2:14 trot, puns $500.
Alta Vela (Nelson) ..¦,, ,.., « 1 1
Maggie McKlnney <D-rfee>.._~........ I i
Oalto (Mulholland) «..........~. I I I
Vendome (Bunch) .................... 14 4
Juan Chico (Helman) i I I
. Tlme-2:19. l:tS>&. tM.
2:20 pace, pars* $700.
Zolock (Lipson) r 1 1 1
Frederlcksburg (Bunch) ,.. Ill
Cl<x» (Clark) „..•-—.« S •
Tim*— 3:14. 1:17. 8:15.
Flre-etshths of a mile, maiden twoyttr rtiii.
pun* $330.
Myrtle, 10 to 1(3. Naj—ae*). 1» J-. ,.'»„, 1
LlttU Edelweiss. 7 to 1 (Gultem*). lfS.. MMM . t
El Taplo. 2H to 1 (Evans). U3 -.. I
Tlm«. 1:03.
Ban Labile. Collamarlnl. M_f_a* ssd
Briton also ran. «^
Three-quarters of a mils, all aces, pan* |!SL
Nettle Clark, 7 to 1 (Collis). US «.. t
Grafter. 3 to 5 (Stuart). 91 : >
Hindoo Princess. S to 1 (Evans), 109~...._~ >
. Time. 1:15.
Phil Archibald. Billy Bryaa and Cesttnella
also ran.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling, three y _¦ ot_
and over, purse $150.
Grady. 5 to 1 (Ruiz). 113 — —.. _-».. 1
Proclamation, 8 to 6 (Stuart), V)S.~. S
Joe Hack. 10 to I (Guiterree). U.1 t
Time. 1:48.
Dolor* and Hacienda also ran.
Three-quarters of a mile, ptrra* $250.
Good Hope. 1 to 2 (Ruiz), 111 1
Alaria. 3 to 1 (Fauntleroy). 111..-. t
Amasa, S to 1 (Frawley). Ill „....—_... I
Time. 1:15.-
Gusto. Cowboy and Romany also ran.
Wins the 2:20 Class Event
at Los Angeles Under
a Pnll.
PACER ZOLOCK
A TURF WONDER
As to whether Ed Cole or Francis
Trevelyan will be selected to act as asso
ciate judge at Tanforan Park seems to
give a whole lot of people much concern.
Either would no doubt fill the position
ably, but .this does not seem to suit the
"Knockers' Protective Association."
w' 'ch is furnishing gratuitous informa
tion to the Tanforan Association. It would
seem that after a transplanted native son
had secured a snug berth he would re
serve his opinion; at least good taste
would dictate such. Xone of the Eastern
newspaper brigade that ever came this
way were ever brevettod for gallantry In
action, but there is no telling what tno
coming engagement will bring.
Starter Dick Dwyer will not bring his
rubber starting gate out with him. Tho
gate will later be picked by the directors
of the San Francisco Jockey Club.
It seems the Maxwell, and not the Gray,
gate will be used at Oakland track. The
barrier of the first named starting ma
chine consists of a most formidable piece
of network and the riders who endeavor
to beat It will bump up against a stone
wall. Willie Flynn tried it three years
ago at Denver and suffered the fracture
of one wrist. It is an excellent contriv
ance.
Bookmaker Johnny Coleman was about
town yesterday renewing old acquaint
anceship.
• From the present outlook Bullman and
Henry will be the star jockeys and their
followers ought to get all the money.
The stables of Sam Hildreth and Green
B. Morris are due to arrive at Oakland
track October 26.
Once $15,000 behind the Chicago racing
game Bookmaker Joe Rose la now $30,000
to the good. A report was spread broad
cast that Rose handled the jumper Lord
Chesterfield, in a race at Hawthorne some
weeks ago which received extensive pub
lication in California papers. It proved
a malicious rumor and the penciler was
completely exonerated by the officials at
Hawthorne. On his arrival here Rose will
ask the Oakland association to reconsider
the ruling made against him last "ear. -
L. A. ¦ Legg has picked up a rather use
ful bunch of platers around Chicago and
unless he disposes of them hU colors will
be seen here this winter.
The horses of "Doc" S. W. Street ar
rived at Oakland track from St. Louis
yesterday. Hungarian, Doublet, Sweet
Caporal and some nine others will carry
the "doctor's" colors. Coburn does his
riding. It was said that two or three of
"Curly" . Brown's horses came on the
same car.
Charles L. Fair, one of the heaviest
stockholders in the San Francisco Jockey
Club, left for a five weeks' trip East yes
terday., Mrs. Fair accompanied ¦ her hus
band.
Charley Saunders says Headwater and
his other two horses stood the trip from
Chicago well. They are quartered at Oak
land track, where stable room is rapidly
becoming scarce.
California is alway3 glad to extend the
hand of friendship to a true sportsman
and Pat Dunne, as he went the rounds
yesterday, was kept busy greeting his old
friends. Pat passed the slope up last
year, but was not forgotten, and this sea
son his stable, which is now snugly en
sconced-at Ingleside, will have a strong
following. He said yesterday that more
than likely Tommy Knight would do his
riding. His stable consists of Star Cham
ber, Scales, Nansen, Maclaren. Bonnio
Lissak, FcMido, Benson, Tola. Silurian,
Golden, Caldwell, Ben Alder and Iroma.
Trainer Mike Kelly is busy at Ingle
side preparing Eddie Jones, Scotch Plaid,-
Pat Alorrissey, Miss Rowena, Mortgage,
Duckoy, Lucidia. Ella Boland and oth
ers. David Tenny would not stand train
ing and will likely be retired. '<
Billy Randall is still in tears over his
San Jose trip. If the management of the
Garden City track ever receive the State
appropriation Billy may get the purses his
horses won.
Pat Dunne Warmly Greeted
by His Old-Time
Friends.
EASTERN TURFMEN
ARRIVING DAILY
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— A big crowd
turned out for the opening: day's racing
of the inaugural meeting of the Empire
City Jockey Club at Yonkers to-day. The
track was lightning fast, a new world'9
record for a mile and a quarter over a
circular track— 2:04— being 1 hung up by
Charentus in the Empire City handicap.
This was the feature of the day. Seven
horses faced the starter, with Imp, the
favorite, at S to 5, and Decanter second
choice at 7 to 2. Thev were off on the
first break to a good start and Imp and
Potente made the running head and head
for a mile, when Imp drew away and
showed the way around the far turn by
an even length. Potente dropped back
beaten and Decanter and Charentus chal
lenged the leader.. The latter gradually
crept up to even terms with the leader
at the last furlong pole and a hard drive
•to the wire followed. Charentus winning
by a short head. Pink Coat raced througr
the stretch and .took show money, a
length behind Imp. The' Woodlawn went
to the outsider, Chuctanonda. at 25 to L
He led all the way and won by a neck
from Gold Heels, with the favorite. Glen
Elde, back in the rut. The otner winners
were Kamara in the first, The Pride in
the second, Intrusive in the fifth and
Snark in the last race. Summary:
On* mile and seventy yards — Kamara won.
Beau* Ormonde second. General Mart Gary
third. Time. 1:43%.
About six furlongs, selling— Th» Pride won.
Federalist second, Flueron third. Time. 1:09%.
Woodlawn handicap, about six furlonjfs--
Chuctanonda won. Qold Heels second. King
Lief^hlrd. Time. l:08H.
Empire City handicap, one and a quarter
miles— Clarentus won. Imp second. Pink Coat
third. Time. 2:04.
One and a sixteenth miles— Intrusive won.
Alnlke second. Dolando third. Time, 1:45',1.
Five and a half furlongs — Snark won, ¦ Rap
panecker second. Billionaire third. Time, 1:07.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 22.— Results at Klnlocn
Park: ¦ . \
Selling, six furlongs— Eastern Card won. Miss
Loretta second. Brightle B third. Time. 1:19H-
Five furlongs, purse — Elsie Del won. Echo
Dale second. Robert Jr. third. Tim©, 1:05.
Six and a half furlongs. purse—Harry Tho
burn won. Eddemann second, Hlnocker third.
Time, 1:23%.
One mile, selling—- Glenlak* won. Guide Rock
second. Grey F<yrg« third. Time. 1:47. ", ¦¦
Five and a half furlongs— HI Kollar won.
Frank Bell second. High Le« third. Time, 1:10.
One and a sixteenth miles— Domsl« won. Nan
dora second, Tom G 11 more third. Tune, 1:38.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 22.— Results at La
tonia:
Six furlongs— Judgre Redwln* won, Alex Pear
son second, McManus third. Time, 1:18. s
Six furlongs— Flop won, Eleanor Holmes seo
ond, J*eana third. Time, 1:14U.~
One and an eighth miles, selling— Sarilla won.
Indian second. Dr. Black third. Time, 1:64.
Mile and 70 yards, selling— Woodtrice won,
Statlra second. Emma third. Time. 1:45*4.
Six furlong*, selling— Kenova won. Russian
second, Glenwood third. Time, V.ZlVx.
One and an eighth miles, selling— Defender
II won. Governor Boyd second, Winepress
third. Time. 1:56.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22.— Favorites won three
out of the six races at Harlem to-day.
Weather cloudy; track heavy. Results:
Five furlongs — Robert "Waddell won. Quarter
back second, Krerwer third. Time, 1:07 2-6.
Six furlongs— Peace won, Dagmar second.
Sakatuck third. Time. 1:19 2-5.
Steeplechase, short course— Becky Roue won,
Sallust second. University third. Time, 3:43.
One mile— Ohnet won. Specific second. Florf
zar third. Time. 1:45 4-5.
Five and a half furlongs— Sly won. Bell
Punch second. May Beach third. Time. 1:11 4-5.
One mile and 20 yards, selling—Frellnghuy
sen won. Aloha II second. Aurea third. Time.
1:48 S-B. : -
Makes a Speedy Mile and a
Quarter on Empire City
• Track.
RECORD BROKEN
BY CHARENTUS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1900.
11
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET. |
EMMA 6PRECKELS building. 927 Market et.—
Light eunny offices, $15 to |20 per month, with
ligct. heat, janitor and use of phone.
25*125. FIRST loft. 679 Mission St.; 25x80. nec-
ond Soft. 687 Mission St.; power available.
LARGE elegant t>tore and basement; S8J V'a-
l^r-.cia et.. nen- Tlst; business center.
1'AL.MISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. 700 Post; le£" Hyde 2933;
bours 1 too eve., and Sunday by appointment!
Hj JEROME FOPSELLI. M-ienUnc pplmist 515
T«>lor n.. bet. Geary and liost; tel. Black 561.
PARTNERS WANTED.
I ARTNER wanted In dyeing ar.d cleaning, es-
tulilifhment. 1C1 Point Lcboa ave.
1'liKSO.NAL.S. '
ALL oatrons of the Hlrsutlne Co. tfho" desire
reliable hair and scalp treatment will find me I
in my same rooms, 73 and 74 St. Ann's bide j
« Eddy et., »h«>re I am curing falling lair
ar.d dandrufT: hair gruwn on bald scalps ar.d !
gT*y restored. MRS. E. R. DC.NLAK uro- 1
Vrietresi!. "
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel if "TsiT
tr.ade to order; renovated; honest work guar-
erueed; feather* ar.d hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty; fine up- '<
hoisttry. HOI'KE UROS.. 31S and »0 11th st.
LATEST Improved extension shoe & candal for ;
the lame with one limb shorter than the other;
makes feet look allk*: send for circular. \VM. '
McMILLAN. Pen. Agent. Plaeerville. Cal.
I.EPERKR'8 Quintonlca hair tonic is sold at |
Lyons Druic Co.'e. Market and Stockton sts.; j
&c bet.; also at 123 Stookton st,
KLECTRIC llrhts In e*-ery room— Winchester j
Hotel, 44 Third Ft., near Market: 700 rooms; i
Me u> $1 Uj per r.'.*rfct; $1 50 to $S per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MME. ADA. wonderful plfted healer. 1104 Mar- j
ket. r. 3. 4. curee spinal trouble, rheumatism, !
•i>lin<Jness, raralysis and all nervous liscasts. j
PAINFUL nervous diseases, rheumatism, par- ;
alysis, liver and kidneys cured without drugs ;
_by DR. J. HERBERT REEVE. 264 Keamy. !
t'L'lTS to order on installments: $15 upwarJ;
fl a week. LEON LKMOS. 1117 Market *t..
fret ween Seventh and Eighth
BUY your coal of LANGE & GOFF, successors '
to W. H. Wiseman. 1711 Bacto.; tel. Sutter 2776. j
LEDKRER is the popular hairdresser: styles i
correct. *5c; switches $1 up: ornaments cheap. I
KLECTROLYSIS deFtroy* superfluous hair, |
_jro!e*; trial free. MIPS EATON. 1119 Sutter. |
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: iO j
years' experience. J. B. RAY. S57 Jessie st. i
LKDEKER'S F^amo Shampoo 5c rkp. ; best and ',
cheapest yet: beft is always cheapeft. j
WITS to order from $15 up on easy payments.
The Richelieu. 7M Market et.. near Geary.
SUITS to crdrr or. easy payments. Art Tailor- I
la* Co« 1044 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel, j
OLD rold. riiver. diamonds antl precious stones I
»wuyht. J. R. JKNKKL. S17 Market st.
HAIR quickly curled nr waved by UEingr Ta4-
cotf* curlinr flu'.d: I> a bottle; drupgists.
AI-FREDl'MS Egyptian Henna; restores Kray
hair to its ratursl color: fl; at nil druggists
CaFT-OFF clothing, old sold and silver bougrht;
«*-n<5 roftal. COLEMAN'S. 506 Keamy at. ' ,
CHEAPEST ard beft In America— The Weekly j
Call. If- rapes, «nt to any address In the i
United P?at»s cr Canada one year for $1,
Tv-i«ta«re paid.
PHVSICIAXS AXD SURGEOXS.
DR. C. C. ODONNELL— Office and residence.
l'?:H Mnrk^t rt.. between Firth and Seventh.
REAL. ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
A. M. SPECK & CO. • "
....Fon....
•....GOOD INVESTMENTS.... 4
4. ...4 4 4 4. ...4
5750ft— 4 brand new Cats. \'ery latest; east of
Van Ness; leased for 170 a month.
....4....GOOD....4....
J'l/W— Splendid Investment: Ellis st., near
Van Nei«e; all rented for J145.
4. ...GOOD. ...4....
ftl.OOf' — OS»r warted: buslnevs property; 4
stores and 8 flats; all rented for 120S; few block*
from Sixth and Market *ts.
....4.. ..GOOD.. ..«..-..
jr^.O^O — Chaloest Investment #ver offered In
cur office In this amount: 100- foot front; elegant
brick and frame imj-rovements; all rented at
!o\v rent for $.000.
....4. ...GOOD. ...4....
Apply A. M. SPECK 4* CO.. €C7 Market st.
IF you have well located property In the Mis- j
sion. either vacant lots or nice residence, and
you really wart to eell then call on the under-
firnprt. W. J. GUXN. t30 California st
. |
If AVE you rs^perty In the Potrero or Excelsior i
ii •- !¦?¦••: ; Tract that you want to s*ll? Then |
call on "VV. J. GU.VX, K0 California st.
RTjOO— CENTRAL location; 7 rooms and bath;
rents $£S month; no airente. Bnx 41S€. Call.
MODERN bouses built; lotre«t prices: plans and 1
estimates furnished. Campbell 1147 Mission. I
— . . I
MISSION ccttaire; new; « rooms,- Viarh; lot 5Qx I
100; I3CO0; terms to cult buyer. 41" K«iarny st. 1
RKAL ESTATE— COr.VTUY— :'or Sale
n«.rt»— SACRIFICE; Income fruit ranch near
liayv-crds; f.ne lrnpts.; offer wanted. Lay-
rr.ance Real Estate Co., 4€0 Sth St.. Oakland. !
ACCURATE personal know! edge— each of the
Sr<O> ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list- More than aJi ether aeents In this city.
»:. r>. EICKELS, the land agent, < Geary et.
FOR sale— About S acren of land, near Colma,
Ea.n Mateo County. 44a Valencia st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMKDA HEAL ESTATE.
ir.»5'»— NEAV cottage house of « rooms. S3500—
Xfw house. & ro«m«. }1500 — Xf¥ house, S
room*, baijiemeat, bath and pantry; lot 50x150.
J. K. YOVNG, l^n Park ft. «
jrCiO- AUCTION price: finest modern 6- room
c.ttaee in Alamerta; perfect plumbing; line j
location: 2 blocks from etatinn & high ?choH; i
feir term*. A. G. Burns. 15tl Park. Alameda.
FOH lnveFtment cr bargain* In San Francisco
r*r.1 PFtatt call cr write to G. R. DEKKE SR.,
!»*u1 Estate and Builder. 1400 Webster Bt.. |
A!am«la.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
a
OCRKELEV REAL, ESTATE.
___
SNAP-Smt hoti»e. 7 rooms, bath, pantry, pat-
ent ciome-t, hot smd cold water; brick founda-
tion: bay-window; large lot;- good location;
close to station, electric care, echool,
•rhurrhps and stnrcf: price $1450. cr.ly J1O0
carh. t>a!anoe (15 monthly; this Is a chance
in a lifetime to get a choice piece oT property
at such low price and terms. Take Berkeley
train, ret off at Lorln Station, ask for RU-
DOLPH. PERKINS & LYON; office open
Sundays. ', • ¦%_
__" •* m
NEAT. co«y modem cottare. t rooms, bath,
pantry, hot and cold water, stationary tubs,
hl«rh baoeicent, brick foundation, bay-window,
foldlnp doors. gard*n and lawn; lanre lot; all
fenced anfl cross -fenced: chicken house and
(table; price $1600. only tZCO cash, balance SIS
|mt n-«rjnth; street work all done. Take Berke-
ley train, ret off at Lorin Station and ask for
RUDOLPH. PERKINS &. LTON Co.
— — -
NEW bouee, « larpe rooms; hot and cold water,
Cas and electric lights, hath, pantry, folding
doom, wooden mantel, brick foundation, hlch
basement, tiled sink, atatlonary tuba, patent
closet*; 2 bl'jcka from station; 2 street-car
lines- pric* US&O. |200 cash, balance 117
monthly. Take Berkeley train, get off at Lo-
rin Station, ask for RUDOLPH, PERKINS &
LTON CO.
JW6-J1W CAEH, balance m per month, will
buy a t - room cottage with bath, brick foun-
dation, bay-window, all aewered; north side
of street; 2 blocks to cars; bank loaned $1430
on this property; one week to eell la. W. K3,
MORAN. Lortn Station. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAM) HOUSES TO LET.
A HANDSOME resident* of I rooms, bath, car-
)>etB. barn, laws; CgS 24th rt.. near Grove;
rent low. Ituzulr* H. FHANKE. 1622 Grove
rt., Oakland.
GOOD nooses. Get list from GEO. W. AU8-
TIN* A CO.. 1008 Broadway. Oakland. ; '-
OAKLA.M) KCRXiTCRE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaar. the
lurnitur* dealer, 11th aad Franklin, Oakland, j
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OAKLAND REAL, ESTATE.
A CHOICE INVESTMENT.
$S500— Annual Income $700; good improvement;
choice central located corner; gTand future;
incumbmnce $6000; special bargain.
AN ELEGANT CENTRAL HOME.
15300— Lakeside district; modern^ 10-room; lat-
est architecture; very complete; large lot; cost
J7000.
A NEW .INSTALLMENT HOME.
tSSSO — $250 each; new 2-story Colonial 6 rooms;
complete; near trains and Broadway.
A CHEAP HOME.
?'~Z- — A bay-window cottage; 6 rooms, bath;
street macadamized; near station; a bargain;
Quick sale wanted.
$2250— Near 14th and Broadway; neat B-room
cottaic: rentlnp $20 month; mortgage $1650 ;'a -
centrally located bargain; see us for choice bar-
gains. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
offices 4€O-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
$10 CA6H, $5 monthly; adjoining East Oakland:
>4 acre aborted fruit trees, 10 years old: no
tatter land in California; lays fine and level;
$200.
$20 cash, $7 tO monthly; adjoining East Oak-
land; V* acre sandy loam; 10-year-old assorted
fruit trees in season, full bearing; price $J75.
jr> cash, $S monthly; adjoining East Oakland:
m p.cres assorted fruit trees, 10 years old, full
bearing In season; Al sollr.ln a lovely sp<~t;
price !565; will build a house to suit; on small
installments; fine macadamized street in front
of property; near two car lines, line school, and
in a well built up section, away from fogs and
raw winds; call or send for circular, 455
Fcventh St., Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JOKKS, owner.
A SNAP— $1350; good house of 7 rooms, bath:
rtreet work all done; lot 33x140 feet; bargain.
Call or address PETERSON. 478 Tenth St..
Oakland. |
FURNISHED or unfurnished house of 8 large
rooms and bath: sanitary plumbing; lot 60x
I00; central location. Apply 5W 19th St.. Oakld.
IIOO.MS FOR HOCSBKKKFIKG.
EDDT. 93»— Nicely furnished newly papered
housekeeping rooms; adults; priv. residence.
FILLMORE, 2507. near Clay— 6 nice sunny fur-
- nUhed rooms ; bath: piano; housekeeping.
FILTON. 21S. near Van Ness ave.— 2 house-
keeping rooms: bath, gas. g&& stove; sunny
side; bay window; folding bed.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1C50— ! or 3 furnished
rooms; light housekeeping; gas stove; free tel.
HOWARD. 1604—! rooms complete for house-
kecping; gag; private; cheap.
JESSIE, .311^— Two nicely furnished rooms,
•with yard, for housekeeping.
MARKET, near Majson — 2 rooms. furnished,
folding bed, gas, $10. Call 343 Kearay st.
MISSION. 1275— Partly or completely furnished
front and back parlor; sunny; running water;
light housekeeping permitted.
TF.IIAMA. 47<, nr. 6th— $12; rooms complete for
fcoutekeeplng: no children.
TWELFTH. 12, near Market— Furnished rooms
for housekeeping; rent $7 and IS.
2 FURNISHED rooms for hskpg. in private
family. Call 227 Dore. nr. 9th and Harrison.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A URAN'CH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. U per year.
IIOOMS TO LET Furn. and Gnforn.
A^BRuScSWICji^HoUse, 14s"iixth— Rooms 25c
to tl per night; $1 25 to J» per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
ALBION ave.. 16S— One or two eunny unfur-
nished foomi to let.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlfhed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 324— Furnished sunny rooms, suits or
Elngle, 25c per night up; transient.
BUSH, L20 (The Elk)— Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms., $1 50 to $7
week; 25c to U 50 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Handsomely
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FOLSOM, 776V4 — Neatly furnished room suitable
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
GEART, 405 (The Njtvarre)— Elegantly furnlFhed
rms. ; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1C50— 2 well-furninhed
rooms suitable for gentlemen; free telephone.
CRAXD SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mlsslcn sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite cr
single: ladies' parlor: reading-room; elevator.
HARRISON. 7S4V4. near 4th — Finely furnished
sunny rooms, bath; all conveniences; home-
Uke; private; $1 week up. •
HAVES. 7S1— 1 or 2 nicely furnished rooms in
private family.
HAWTHORNE. 154 — Large sunny room, nicely
furnished, suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen, with
or without board.
LARKIN, 81SV;— Bunny front room suitable for
lady or rentleman; gas; bath; $7.
LAS PALMAS, 1S20 Market et.— Suite of I or S
rms.: private; bath; «ln. rms.; board optional.
MASON. &02. corner Post— Sunny furnished
rooms. $S; 2 housekeeping rooms, gas and
range. $1S.
MCALLISTER. 324—2 nicely furnished rooms;
running water; cheap; $8.
MCALLISTER. 1721, cor. Broderick-2 elegant
front rms, frnshd or unfrnshd; modern; pri-
vate hoube; with or without board.
MINNA, €67, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, Jl per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015. Market st— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
NORWOOD. 611 Taylor— Furnished suites and
rooms; privilege of dlnlns room and kitchen.
O-'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
ROSEDALE House. 119 and 321 Ellis st. — Rooms,
nisht 20c to $1. week $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROTAL House, 126 Ellis et.— Incandescent light;
. reading-room, emokinj-room and ladles' par-
lcr; rooms, per night, SJc to Jl 60; week. $2 to
$*: month. J8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
6IXTH. ISS— Sunny furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; also other rooms.
STEVENSON. 409, and 22 Mint ave.— Sunny fur-
nished room; rent reasonable.
STOCKTON. 603— Nice runny furnished suite,
single and housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
EUTTER, 717, near Taylor— Sunny, choice, rea-
sonable;, please investigate; bath.
TURK. 126— Furnished eunny rooms for 1 or 2
gents, or man and wife.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
reot-lved at Call branch office. 2200 Fill more st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia Ft. •
ROOMS AND BOARD. .
BOARD and rooms at 415 First St., • near Har-
rlson.
FIRST-CLASS modern family hotel: rery sunny
rooms: fine table. 1604 California et.
noOMS A>D BOA1U) WAXTEdT"
WANTED-North of Market St.. by lady,, fur-
nished room with breakfast and dinner where
tbere are no other boarders; $4 per weeV.
Arttrt, box 4151. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICE?.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orph&nage of £20 Lake Ft.. San Francisco, has
received the following orphan and half-or-
phans from July 1 to October 1, 1900: Amelia
A. L. Dlenst. 11 years 8 month?: Emma Alice
Planto. 9 years 4 months; Emily O'Nell. 4
years 5 months; Henrietta B. Clark, 9 years
6 months: Edna Corscilla. 7 years 4 months;
Irene Corscilla, > years; Mary Ellen Morgan,
10 years 4 months; Lucy Rose Morgan, 8
years 8 months. - ' _^
LADIES^Chichepter's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the beet: safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
'Ladles'* in letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. ChicbMter Chemical Co., Phlladel., Pa.
GASOLINE boat Kid; Howard -st. wharf;
freight, excursions, eta.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 219 Third.
CAD tenants ejected for $4; ¦ collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
. 41S Montgomery at., rooms 9-10: tel. 55S0.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. " 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
ebuttlcs; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Pl«mbt>ck. 191S Mission, nr. 15th.
6TOIIAGB AND' WAREHOUSES.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1E40; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BKOS., atoraga and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762. !
PACIFIC Btorage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 23?0 Flllmore nt.^ phone Jackson 281.
SLOT MACHINES.
BOUGHT and cold; new and second-hand; large
, display; Tery cheap. S27 Market, room 220. '
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m Steamers leave Broadway
te_ wharf, San Francisco:
CrS^. For Alaskan Port»— 11 a. nu,
K^«S3l. c>ct - a ' 23> N ' ov - 2 Ck* 0 ** to
I r Wit " ' I - ' >L. company's «teami>rt at S«att!>*.
E3\ &££d Vtv^ F ° r Victoria. Vancouver (B.
BisSrl 5«i C). Port Townaend. Seattle,
fftaC^<gA1 Tacoma. Everett, Anacorte*
/'*"K:£]£7*\ and New Whateom (Wash.*—
** ~^•y4 " »- m - Oct - M - "• NoT - ••
and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company's »t*«xaer»
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tsy
ccma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 1 p. m.. Oct. 20,
25. *0. Nov. 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port HartorS
(San Lut9 Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port Loa
Angeles and Redondo (Lo» Aogvlea)— tl *. m..
Oct. 20. 24, 28, Nor. 1. and every fourti day
thereafter.
For Santa Crui. Monterey, Ban Steson, Cara-
cos. Port Harford (San Lais Oblipo), Onvtota.
Santa Barbara. ¦ Ventura. Huanem*. Baa Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport — 9
a. m., Oct. 23. 26, 30, Nov. 3, aad every fourth.
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, Ban Jose 6a!
Cabo. Maiatlan, Altata. La Paa. Banta Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mexico) — 10 a. _. T— of eaah
month. . >
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The -company reserves th* rlrht to chant*
fteamers. sailing dates and hour* of «ailtar
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Moatxomary
ltre«t «Palace HoteO.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen, Agents.
10 Market it., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
NSPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
FO RTLAND
From Sp*ar-stre«t Wharf at li) A. M.
C ADC $1 2 First Class. Including Berth
rAnC $8 Second Class. and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails.....'. Oct. B, Nor. 4
STATE OF CALIFORNIA tails Oct. 20, SO
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butt».
Htl.-r.a and all points In tha Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
_ C. WARD. General Arsat.
830 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
. Superintendents.
TOYO RISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS "WTLL LEAVE WHARJ*. COH-
ner First and Brannan street*, at 1 p. to..
for YOKOHAMA and HONOKONO. callln* at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting: at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc No cargo received on board an day
es.'honokong martt — --_
Tuesday. Norember U. 1*»
SS NIPPON MARU
Thursday, December 4. 1300
ss - ' '**^.^^r*xssax-sru»
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced xate*. For
frelrht and pasiage apply at company's rfnea,
411 Market *g V £ B &S&?8£** *~-
AMERICAN LINE.
IXW YOBK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONOOH. PA_I.
Stopping at Cherbourr. wertboend..
From N«w Tork Every W«dne«d*y. 10 a. m.
a. Louis Oct. 24t8t. Louis.. ..—.Not. 1«
New York Oct. SI New York Xor. n
St. Paul No». 7ISt. Paul Not. 23
RED STAR LINE.
N«w York and Antwaru.
From New York Every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Kensington .....Oct. 24 Southwark Nor. li
VoorduSd Oct. $1 Westernland ...Nov. a
Friesland Nor. 1 Kensington Njt. 23
For freight and pastas* apply to I -
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
SO. Montgomery st. Or any of 1U atentm
O AVCKllsD AXD SYDNEY.
S3 ALAMEDA for Honolulu, Samoa. I*—
Zealand and Australia .-jf *
Wednesday. October Jl. » p. ta.
83. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti... ............y...
B Thursday. November Up. nv.
83. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)............
r7Z Wednesday. November 19. 1 ». m.
j. D. SPRECKELS ft BROS. CO.. Arts.. 643 Motet tt
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SI Freight Office. 327 Market St
SENS— L3 TRA!C3ATLA3TXQ.jrjL
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _m»h
SaMns every Thursday. Inatead ?f <£S?£
Saturday, from November 2. 1339^ at %Jfi*«»
10 a m from Pier 12. North River, foot ot
Mo£o". # tr£l LA BRETAONEVOct. O: t^.
TOURAINE. Nov. 1; L-AQinTAlNE Nov. S.
First class to Havre, $35 and upwara. second
class to Havre. *« 50 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
v n ,' a; Broadway JHudson bulldinc). New
Yoik.' J. F. FVOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
A gents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
BAY AND BITTER STEA__BS.
FORUXNAYY-YARD and VALLEJO
Steamer " Montlcello."
MON., Tue*.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at •:«
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thur». nishO; Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. _. s
p m. Landing and office. Mission-street Cook,
Pier No. J. Telephone Main 15MI
FARE • ..-..JO*
*B.i <ini.,iiill»ll —II iilllllHliail— ¦¦[TWUHl^l—iM— M»B
A^ .^
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California: telephone Main 260.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery st. ¦¦¦¦-¦
DIVIDEND XOTJCES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No^ 110 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market «t.. on and after. Thurs-
day, November 1. 1S0O. Transfer books close
Friday. October 26, 1900, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington. D. C. until 12 o'clock noon. No-
vember 13.1900, and publicly opened Immedi-
ately thereafter, to furnish at the naval sta-
tion, Puget Sound, Wash., a quantity
of machine tools, traveling crane, generating
set, switchboard, air compressor, coke,
screws, copper, tin, iron, oakum, hardware
and yellow flr lumber. Blank proposals will
be furnished upon application to the naval
Ftation, Puget Sound, Wash., or to the
bureau. A. S. KENNY, Paymaster General,
U. S. N. 10>11-00.
MAJRBIAGE LICENSES.
The followinr marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Alfred C. Rulofson, 24. 242S PJne street, and
Laura Carmany, 22, 1026 Green street.
Percy E. Armstrong, 29, Sea Richlaiid avenue,
and Egrena M. Cook. 16, 62i Anderson street.
Joseph Reppe, 24, Santa Cruz, and Fannie
Keller, 23, city.
Peter R. Hansen, 40, Ijou Banos, and Anne
M. Jenten. 27, Saby. Denmark. \
Daniel J. Sheehan, 30, SS8 Valencia street,
and Mary E. Tyndall, 2S, 33 Rausch street.
John H. Titselcr. 30. 27 Broadway, and The-
rese Desmul, 21, 27 Broadway.
Frank Panter, 21, city, and Frances B. Slat-
tery. IS, city.
James J. Smith, 23, San Jose, and Manda E.
Stacker. 80. Ban Jose.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices Bent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication of noes and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
] sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BERNHARD— In this olty, October 2L 1900, to
the wife of Bert W. Bernhard. a son.
FITZGERALD— In this olty. October 19. 1900,
to the wile of J. F. Fitzgerald, a son.
READE— In this city. October 22, 1900, to the
wife of James E. Reade, a daughter,
ROTHSCHILD— In this city. October 20, 1900.
to the wife of Fred Rothschild, a son.
SCHOENFELD— In this city, to th« wife of D.
M. Schoenfeld. a daughter.
______ _„
BJNET— MALONEY— In this city. October 10.
1900 at Mission Dolores Church, by the R«v.
Father Conway. John J. Blnet and Lillie L.
Maloney.
DALLY— DON'OVAN— In this city. October 14,
l&Ort, by the Rev. Father Sampson, Joseph F.
Dally and Evelyn A. Donovan, both of San
FTancisco.
OLSEN— STENROS— In this city. October 20,
1000, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, pastor of
the First English Lutheran Church, Peter A.
Olsen and Ella Stenros, both of San Fran-
cisco.
STAUFFACHER— BERXHARD— In this city,
October 20, 1900, by the Rev. F. Bonn, Harry
J. Stauffacher and Sarah L. Bernhard, both
of San Francisco.
_____
Barry. John D. Hanford, Llverla. W.
Bonnell, Luclnda Hagen, Frederick
Buchanan. James Hansen, George
Burton. William E. Hoff. John W.
Clark. Daniel P. Kingsbury. Helen S.
Dunlavy, Patrick Lasnaer, Ernest
Eagar. Thomas . McClory. Charlea 3.
Fitzgerald, John T. Mathews, Mra. L.
Gay. Peter Norton, Claude R.
Godeau, Leontln* P. Tuttle, Simeon E.
BARRY— In this city, October 21. 1900. John
D. Barry, a native of Missouri, aeed 52 years
10 months and 29 days.
BONNELL— In this city, October 22, 1900, Lu-
clnda Uonnell, wife of the lata John T. Bon-
nell, beloved mother of Mrs. Phlneas F.
Ferguson, and grandmother of George B.,
Howard W.. Anita J., Hattie M.. Emily W.,
Alice L., Phineas F. Jr. and Laura A. Fer-
gueon, aged 70 years 7 months and 20 days.
CZFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:20 o'clock, from her late
residence. 2 Vicksburg- Btreet, thence by fu-
neral car to Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BUCHANAN— In this city, October 22, 1900,
James, beloved husband of Johanna Bu-
chanan, and father of Mra. William J. Staf-
ford and William. James E. and Joseph Bu-
chanan, a native of Queenstown, County
Cork, Ireland, aged €4 years and 11 months.
(T^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday); at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 266 Ninth street, between Howard
and Folsom, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
Tenth street, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repoee of his soul,
commencing' at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BURTON— In San Salvador, Central America,
October 22, 1900, William Edmund Burton,
beloved non of Charles Henry and Mary Ann
Burton, and full brother of Charles Francis.
Florence May and Alexander Hay Burton.
CLARK— In this city. October 22. 1S0O. Daniel
Platt Clark, beloved son of Mrs. Lucy A. and
the late David Clark, husband of Mary Eliza-
beth Clark, and father of John Platt,- Lucy
Elizabeth and Lucina Bancroft Clark, a na-
tive of Bear Creek, Wls., aged 40 years 5
months and 24 days.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1267 Sixth avenue. East Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
DUNLAVY— In Alameda. October 22.- 1900, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Bridget Dunlavy,
and father of Thomas, William, Mamie, Jo-
seph and Emmet Dunlavy, a native of Ire-
land, asred C5 years.
E3"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8 o'clock, from St. Joseph's
Church, Alameda. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, San Francisco.
EAGAR— In this city. October 21, 1900, Thomas
Eapar, a native of New York, aged 70 years
- 6 months and 21 days.
C^Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 1
o'clock, from his late residence, 413 Central
avenue* between Hayes ' and Fell streets.
Interment private.
FITZGERALD— In this city, October 20, 1900,
John T., beloved husband of Mamie Fltx-
gera'.d, father of Edward, James and Susie
Fitzgerald, brother of Mrs. James Cruise,
Mrs. Robert Henry and Annie Fitzgerald,
and son-in-law of Mr. D. McCluskey, a
native of Troy, N. Y., aged 3t years 8 month*
and 14 days.
ICTFrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 921 Dolores street, thence to St. James
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated forv the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
IGNATIAN Council No. 85, T. M. I.— Members
are requested to assemble at the house of
mourning this day '(Tuesday), at 8 o'clock,
to attend the funeral of our late brother,
J. T. Fltteerald. Per order i
J. K. COSGRAVB, President.
C. L. EBNER, Secretary.
GAY— In the City and County Hospital, Octo-
ber S2, 1900. Peter Gay, a native of France,
aged 43 years.
GODEAIT— An annual high requiem mass will
be celebrated thli * day (Tuesday), at >:30
o'clock, at Notre Dame des Victolres French
Church, Bush street, for the repose of the
soul of Leontln? Pac Godeau. beloved mother
of Julius S. Godeau. ,
HANFORD— In Oakland, October 20, 1900,
Llverla W., beloved wife of J. M. Hanford,
and mother of Elizabeth J., James l!L, Robert
C. D., Leland S. and Joseph W. Hanford and
Mrs.' Edear D. Crumb of Pasadena and Mrs.
Dr. F. E. Sawyer of San Rafael, a native of
Canada, aged &8 years and 13 days. (Sacra-
mento Record Union, please copy.)
! CTTrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Second
Congregational Church. " corner of Tenth and
Peralta streets, Oakland. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
HAGEN-In' this city. October «L 1900, Fred-
erick Hagen, a native of Schwerln, Germany,
aged 24 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances and members
of the International Bakers' Union No, 24
are respectfully Invited to attend the* funeral
this day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the
parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking
Company, 1209 Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
. tery.
HANSEN— In Oakland, October 22, 1900, George
beloved son of Rasmus and Martha Hansen
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 month and
21 days.
HOFF— In this olty, October 32, 1900, John W
Hoff, beloved father of Mrs. Bertha Johnson
and Mrs.. Emily Erickson. and grandfather
of Mrs. Campbell Ford and Bertha Johnson
a native of Prussia, Germany, aged 87 years
1 month and 21 days. ' ¦ ¦ ¦-. ¦ .
CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
• (Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, « August alley. Interment private
Please omit flowers. . - - : ; ¦ . .
KINGSBURY— In this city* October . 22 1900
Helen S. Klngabury. beloved mother of Wil-
lard D. and Susan M. Kingsbury, a native of
New York, aged 70 years 5 months and 24
days. . . ;-;. ,
LASNAER— In the City and County ' Hospital
October 23, 1900, Ernest Lasnasr, m, native of
France, aged 60 years. . -
, HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor to Flannaran ' & Gallag-ber) ' '
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEM,
• ,20 Fifth. st., opposite Lincoln School.:
Telephone South £0.
McCLORT— In thfs city. October 22. 1300.
Charles J., beloved son of John and Ida Mc-
Clory. and grandson of Mr. and . Mrs. J. C.
Bartmann. a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year 2 months and 6 days.
MA THEWS— In Oleander, Fresno County, Mrs.
Laveffa Mathews, a native of New York, aged
75 years. ;» • ' • - ... . - :
Cy Friends and acquaintances jare respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Craig & Cochran Company, 62 and 66 Mint
avenue. Cremation Odd Fellows' Crematory.
NORTON— In Salinas, October 21, 1900, Claude
R. Norton, son of Lott D. and Emma M.
' Norton, and brother of Frank D. and Ullle
A. Norton, a native of California, aged 27
years and 8 months. . : . • .-',¦¦'¦¦ . .
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence, 725 Cole street, San Francisco. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via electric
car from Cole and Waller streets.
TUTTLE— In San Rafael. October 21. 1900,
Simeon E. Tuttle, a native of Marietta, Ohlc,
aged £6 years 11 months and. 26 days.
C7"The funeral services will be held this
day (Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.A- man answering to the description of
J.,Hlgsrlns, .the man who walked
away from bis wife's funeral and has not
May fto Higgins.
TROUBLE MAY STILL BE
• AHEAD FOB. B3TOWLT0N
Chairman Hark Insists That It Is
for Courts, Not Kirk, to
- • Decide.
Chairman Mark of the Board of Edu
cation doe* not seem much perturbed over
the ' recent - decision of State Superin
tendent Kirk in the case of Professor Ebe
nezer Knowlton. holding that the vice
principal of the Lincoln Grammar School
was wrongly suspended. Mark declares
that Kirk's decision is not final and that
the question is one for the courts to de
cide.
¦ • ¦
"Will Commemorate a Saint.
Next Sunday at 10:30 a. m. special ser
vices will be held In the French Catholic
Church 1 , on Bush street, commemorative
of the patronal saint of the church. "Our
Lady of Victories." Rev. Father Hamet
will sing the high mass. Rev. Father
Rulquln, S. M., will deliver the senncn.
The music, under the direction of the or
ganist. Mr..Martlnex. will be fine.
BTJTLDERS' NEGIiECT
CAUSES AN ACCIDENT
William Healy Injured by Striking
an Obstruction in the Dark on
Beale Street.
While -William Healy of the firm of
Healy, Tibbetts & Co., contractors, was
driving along Bealo street, between How
ard and Mission, last night, his buggy
was capsized by a pile of paving rock that
had bfen left In the street by contractors.
He was badly injured about tha arm.
McCarthy Directs Attention
of Board to Charfer
---' Violation.
Supervisor McCarthy introduced a reso
lution at yesterday's meeting of the board
which directs the Finance Committee to
Investigate the accounts of the City
Treasurer. This action is the result of
the discovery made by McCarthy last
week that the Treasurer had cashed un
registered demands to the exclusion of
those which had been registered. Brami
hart objected to the suspension of the
rules to take up consideration of the reso
lution on the ground that it stated as a
fact certain things which the committee
is directed to investigate.
"We do not know for a fact that the
Treasurer paid unregistered demands."
said Braunhart.
"You know it Is a fact," said McCarthy
to Braunhart, "for your demand was
among those cashed, though It was not
registered." , \
But Braunhart pleaded Innocence, and
at Cointe's suggestion the resolution was
amended by the insertion of the phrase,
"it is alleged." before all the charges
contained therein. The motion to suspend
the rv'es to vote on the adoption of the
bill was lost, failing to get a two-thirds
vote, and it was then referred to the com
mittee. The resolution follows:
¦ Whereas, The Treasurer of this city and
county declared that there would not ba suffl
cient moneys in the general fund to pay the
demands against the same for the month or
June last: and ~ » lV
Whereas. It is alleged a great many of the
holders of said demands, In order to insure
the prompt payment of their claims from such
funds aa might come Into the treasury, regis
tered said demands In the offlce of the Treas
urer in accordance with section 6 of chapter
3, article 4 of the charter; and
Wherea*. It Is -alleged the Treasurer, in .ab
solute and open violation of all law. failed and
n<»Rlecte«i to pay all such registered demands,
or any of them, in "the order of their registrar
tion. but elected Instead to pay the unreirl!*
tered demands of other parties which were
presented long after hundreds of registered de-,
niands were on file, thereby causing Injustice
and delay to those irho complied with the law
by registering their demands as aforesaid: and
Whereas, When the Deputy Treasurer was
asked to explain the payment of unregistered
demands as aforesaid his only reply was that
It was due to the pressure of influence and
was a common practice: therefore, be it
Resolved, That the Finance Committee be
directed to at once investigate the accounts
of the Treasurer, and if the facts are found
to be as set forth above th«y report the same
to his Honor, the Mayor, that he may take
such proceedings against the Treasurer aa are
authorized by law. ¦ ' . -^
Petitions were filed by the Federation
of Mission Improvement Clubs protesting
against the purchase of Bay View farm
for a jjesthouse; requesting the -board to
amend 9 the building ordinance reducing
the fees to be paid for permits; requesting
that a culvert be built at Diamond and
Chenery ' strfeets at an expense of $2600,
and to appropriate money to buy the
rights, of way to extend Diamond to
Bosworth street, and requesting that th%
$260,000 surplus from excess taxes be kept
Intact until July, 1901. . ~v
The proposed ordinance fixing the hoars
of laundry workers from 7 a. m. until 8
p. m. was Indefinitely postponed and the
present ordinance which fixes the hours
between 6 a. m. and 7 p. m. remains in
full force and effect.
The Bisdon Iron and Locomotive) "Works
was granted permission to explode blasts
on its property In the Potrero for grading
purposes preparatory to the .erection of a
modern ship-building works.
The resolution authorizing an expendi
ture for placing telephonic communication
in the warrant and bond clerk's office In
the Hall of Justice to connect with other
departments was referred to the commit
tee. McCarthy said that there was al
ready a .specific appropriation for tele
phonic communication In the 'build
ing and that no additional ex
pense should be Incurred. The resolution
authorizing the placing of 223 rifle racks
for the Police Department in the Hall of
Justice, providing there are sufficient
funds, went over for one week.
INVESTIGATION
OF TREASURER'S
ACCOUNT S ASKED
been heard of since. Is to the hands of
the Sacramento police. Ha T#as found
wanderlns: about the streets of the Capi
tal City suffering from delirium tremena.
The Sacramento Chief of Police has noti
fied Captain Seymdur of the affair.
Mrs. Higgins' will, which bequeaths an
estate valued at JSOOO to the misstate man.
was filed for probate yesterday. William
Maxwell, executor of the will, and his
attorney,
At a recent voting contest it was unanimous
ly . decided that ; there was f nothing • better on
earth than the "American" clear Havana cigar.*
Henry \ Meyer Run to . Earth.
Henry -Meyer, husband of the notorious
"Woman in 'Black" taken into, custody
some days ago, was arrested by detec
tives last night on . Folsom street' and
placed In the tanks.
Bobbed While Asleep.
C. W.iWatklns, a mining man from Te
hama County, went to sleep Sunday night
In a waterfront lodging-house. He had
fifty dollars in his trousers pockets
When he awoke the money had disap
peared. He reported his loss to the police
Laborer Tails Two Stories.
Carl Ahlman, a laborer, while engaged
In wheeling; a barrowful 'of mortar along
a plonk In the Claua Spreckels annex, lost
his balance and fell down two stories. He
was conveyed to the Receiving Hospital,
where Dr. Putnam treated him for an ex
tensive fracture of the skull. He was de
tained at the - hospital for observation.
The Injured man lives at 1498 Cortland
avenue.
Southern. Calif ortda's Returns.
' All the big railroads In . the State have
filed their annual reports, with .the excep
tion of the Siuthern Pacific. The South
ern California makes these returns: Net
income from operation, after deducting in
terest on funded debt, taxes, etc , $418,476;
total passenger earnings, $975,674; freight,
$1 S36 172: tot hI gross earnings from opera
tion, $2,849,576.
The Australia for Tahiti.
This favorite steamer, utder command of
Captain Lawless will sail for Papeete Novem
ber 1st. Hitherto these charming islands of the
South Seas have been reached by sailing vessels,
requiring SO to 40 days, but th« time of n«w
eteamshlp service will be 10% days. Ask for
particulars of the low excursion rate at 643
Market street. *
Samuel M. Shortridge, candidate for
elector at large on the Republican ticket,
will address his fellow citizens of San
Francisco at . Metropolitan Temple this
evening. As the spellbinder of the cam
paign Mr. Shortridge will be .'welcomed
and applauded by the audience. The
honor of presenting" the polished orator
to the meeting will be enjoyed by Reuben
H. Lloyd, who has been chosen by the
Republican State Central Committee to
grace the occasion as the presiding offi
cer.
United States Senator George C. Per
kins leaves for the south on the owl train
this evening. He will Join United States
Senator Thomas R. Bard In Southern
California and they will travel together
on a campaign tour In Orange County.
Senator Perkins had a great day in
Xapa County yesterday. He addressed
two immense audiences and ' received at
each meeting what the campaigners call
a splendid ovation. He made his first
speech of the day at the Veterans' Home.
Ho happened to arrive at Yountvllle Just
as the veterans were forming for inspec
tion and review In . honor of General A.
J. Smith, assistant inspector general of
homes for disabled volunteer soldiers and
pallors. Five hundred and sixty veterans
formed' in line and among them . were
many personal friends of the ex-Governor
and Senator.
Senator Perkins spoke for one hour to
e vast audience. . consisting of veterans
and others dwelling In that region of the
P. Bradley, formerly leader of the First
Tennessee Regiment band In the Philip
pines, presided af the McKlnley and
Roosevelt, afternoon meeting In Social
Hall. G. W. Strohl, chairman of the Re
publican Committee of Napa County, and
the following named. veteran vice presi
dents occupied places on the platform: G.
II. Owens, A. A. Stlttman, B. A. Pred
more. Captain Howell, James Hines, The
odore Elmendorf, T. Ryan, J. Morgan, H-.
Parker, James Black, J. Lord, P. H.
Hurly, George Crabs, E. M. Brock, Ray
Bascora, Edward Kelly, Duff G. Pool, R.
B. Patton. W. H. Potts, Joseph Dauphin,
A. W. Stone, Levy Dicey, Richard Lam
phier, Michael Mellce, W. C. Snedbury,
Sylvester Mayo, David H. Lents, I-L N.
Hill. Charles Andersen, Thomas Carey,
William McElroy, B. W. Rawlins, Wil
liam Dlerkstern and V. A. Tambling. Mrs.
Graham, wife of the adjutant. Major
Graham, rendered In Impressive style the
veteran*' reply to Bryan's allusion to
idle American soldiers.
lna:. at Placerville, Friday evening at
Stockton and Saturday evening at Angels.
,The. eloquent Will A. Harris of Los
Angeles will speak In this city next Fri
day evening.
William R. Davis, a campaign orator
of many accomplishments, will speak at
Sacramento to-morrow night and at Val
lejo Thursday evening.
John T. Dare ia announced to speak at
Folsom to-morrow evening. From that
point he goes into the Seventh Congres
sional District to speak with Representa
tive Needham at Madera Friday and Mer
ced Saturday evening.
¦' John I* McNab's "campaign tour for
McKlnley and Roosevelt will .take him
to Guernevllle to-night and Glen Ellen to
morrow evening.
T. B. Hutchison, an able and. pleasing
speaker, will talk to the citizens of Be
renda next Friday evening. He will ail
dress the voters of Raymond next Satur
day night.
Attorney General Tirey L. Ford is cam
paigning in Southern California. He will
speak with Senator Perkins at Los Ange
les next Saturday night.
Major C. W. Kyle speaks from "the
Sierra to the sea" this week. Last night
he spoke at Sierra City and next Satur
day evening he will speak: at Santa Cruz.
General E. S. Salomon is in the field ad
a campaign orator. He speaks at Orland
Friday, and" at Germantpwn Saturday of
this week.
Frank H.. Short, whose oratory is al
ways acceptable, will ¦ talk to the citizens
of ;• Bakersfleld Friday ! evening of this
week.
H. S. Foote and O. Z. Hubbell will ad
dress, the people of Uklah next Saturday
evening.".
T. B.' Dozier is touring Shasta County
this week.
H. V. Morehouse Is announced to speak
with Congressman Needham \ at VIsalia
next Thursday : evening, j
Ei Myron Wolf,' W. H. L. Hynee. John
H. Roberts, J. M. Oliver, Maxwell Me •
Nutt, A. J. Danrienbaum." L..V. Hitch
cock, D. : E. McKinlay, Frank McGowan
and other clever speakers are in the field'
There was a Joint meeting last night of
the . Republican State and county . cam
paign committees at the Palace Hotel.
Xaoa Valley. He recited the history of
the Spanish war, dwelling upon President
McKinley's efforts to avoid a conflict at
every, stage of the trouble prior to the
destruction of the battleship Maine. The
Senator paid glowing tribute to the pa
triotism, character and attainments of the
President, and aroused .the audience to
great demonstrations of applause. In the
evening Senator Perkins. addressed a vast
assemblage of his fellow citizens at Napa
City.
Eueene F. Loud," Republican nominee
for Congress in the Fifth District, is mak-
In~ an able and effective campaign. He
and Frank McGowan will address the
voters of the Thirty-seventh and Thirty
eighth Assembly districts at Mowry's Hall
to-morrow evenimr.
Governor Henry T. Gage will speak to
his fellow men of Fresno to-morrow even
ing. He is announced to speak at Eureka,
Humboldt County, Wednesday evening,
October 31.
Frank L. Coombs, : Republican nominee
for 'Congress in the First District, is an
nounced to speak this evening at Healds
burg, Thursday evening at Cloyerdale,
Friday evening at Sebastopol and next
Saturday night at Santa Rosa."
Samuel D. Woods, Republican nomineo
for Congress in the Second District,
speaks to-night at Lodi, at Jackson
Wednesday. Amador City 'and Butter
Creek Thursday, Auburn Friday and
Rocklin Saturday.
.Victor H. Metcalf, Republican nominee^
for Congress in the Third District, speaks
at Livermore . to-night, at Crockett
Wednesday. Pleasanton Thursday. An
tloch Frida:' and at Oakland next Satur
day evening. ;
J. C. Needham, Republican nominee for
Congress in the Seventh Districts ia mak
ins a gallant campaign. He speaks at
Hanford to-morrow evening, at Visalla
Thursday at Madera Friday and at Mer
ced next Saturday evening.
John Barrett, ex-United States Minister
to. Slam, will speak at San Diego to-mor
row nizht. He ¦ will speak. with Senator
Perkins at San Bernardino Thursday
evening. Mr. Barrett will address the peo
ple of San Francisco next Monday even
ing.
George A. ' Knight will . deliver three
speeches this week— one Thursday even-
Horace G. Platt will enlighten and en
tertain an audience at Los. Angeles this
evening'. On Wednesday evening of next
week he will speak at Sacramento.-
Cosper Withdraws His Candidacy.
Louis H. Cosper; who filed a petition
with the Election Commission to be placed
on the ticket as in independent Republi
can candidate for the Assembly in the
Thirty-ninth district, withdrew his candi
dacy last night. The Registrar was au
thorized by the Election Commissioners
to expend $75 to make the necessary
changes as a result of Cosper's name be
ine taken from the ticket. Cosper ob
tained a position as an election officer by
filing an affidavit that he was a Demo
crat. . '.'-''
Senator Perkins Awakens Great Enthusiasm in Napa.
. S. M. Shortridge Speaks To-Night in This City.
Southern Pacific Must Pay.
The Supreme Court yesterday handed
down a decision affirming the judgment of
the Superior Court in the case of J.' G.
Martin vs. the Southern Pacific Company.
Martin sued to recover damages for in-
Juriee sustained by his wife while a pas
senger on one of the defendant's trains.
He was awarded damages in the sum of
REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN IS
FULL OF VIM AND VIGOR
Miss Quinlan Dangerously 111.
Miss L. Nora Quinlan. manager of Bush
nell's photograph gallery, is lying danger
ously ill at her home. The recent death
of her fatlier and her own failing health
has brought on nervous prostration. The
attending physician hopes to bring his>
patient out of danger, but says she must
have absolute rest and quiet.
¦ UDOLPH, COUNT FESTETICS
| J DE TOLNA. in an answer filed
f^^ yesterday to the complaint for
M. divorce recently filed by Ella.
Countess Festetics de Tolna, as
sumes an injured air and places all blame
upon his wife for their unhappiness. By
way of Introduction to his answer the
Count avers that he Is a native of the
Austro-Hungarlan Empire and always has
been a citizen and resident thereof. His
home, he says, Is In Vienna, where he now
resides.
Immediately after their marriage, Count
Festetics says, they made a journey to
Florida, which occupied about two
months, and then went to New York,
where they stayed another month. Sub-
A general denial to each and all of the
allegations of cruelty and non-support
made by Countess Festetics is next incor
porated In the answer, special' stress be
ing placed on the denial that the yacht
Tolna, aboard which Countess " Festetics
complains she suffered the most, was un
fit for the purpose' to which it was put,
and that during the cruise from the Ad
miralty Islands to Yokohama it narrowly
escaped being wrecked, as the Countess
contends.
sequently they returned to San Francisco
at the solicitation of Countess Festetics'
parents, and remained there until the end
of October, 1893, while they awaited the
completion of the yacht Tolna, which was
being built. in San Francisco. Count Fes
tetics avers that the yacht was a' very
strong, seaworthy vessel, designed for
long voyages and provided with all the
luxuries and comforts of a pleasure yacht
and arranged especially to meet the re
quirements of Countess Festetics.
Count Festetics further avers that with
his wife he remained a greater part of
the time in the best hotels ¦when in for
eign lands, though always ready to re
turn to the yacht "because of the greater
comfort It afforded." While at Yokoha
ma and Kobe Count Festetics alleges that
with his wife he lived on shore, taking
part In all the entertainments of the best
society there. At San Dakan he says
they lived at the home of the Governor,
and at Singapore they also resided con
tinuously at the Governor's palace. He
further avers that in January, 1899, the
Countess, for the first time, expressed a
wish that h« would give up yachting and
live on shore. He further says that he
told his wife that It was necessary for
him to go to Trieste to pass his examlna
tion as a ship captain, but that after h.
had passed his examination there hi
would go with her to America, To thl:
agreement she assented fully, he says.
On the 5th day of April. 1899, at Singa
pore, he continues, it was agreed between
them that the Countess should return to
her parents. Without his knowledge,
Count Festetics alleges, his wife tele
graphed to her. parents for money and in
reply received from her father a large
sum. She then told him, he says, that If
«he had not received the money she would
have remained with him, but that In any
event she would Join him again at Aden
or Trieste. •
.Count Festetics continues and says that
his parting with his wife was affectionate,
and that on April 20, 1S99, he started for
Colombo and thence to Trieste, but did
not learn of the divorce proceedings until
he reached Vienna. In conclusion. Count
Festetics alleges that his wife voluntarily
and without his consent left him and has
never since asked him for support or
maintenance.
The answer is sworn to by Rudolph.
Count Festetics de Tolna. before Alvesto
P. Hogue, United States Vice Consul, Vi
enna,
RUDOLPH. COUNT FESTETOCS DE TOLNA, AND THE COUNTESS (NEE HAGGIN). IN HIS ANSWER TO THE
LADY'S DIVORCE COMPLAINT FILED YESTERDAY THE UNGALLAN'T FOREIGNER PLACES ALL THE
BLAME FOR THEIR TROUBLE OX HIS AMERICAN WIFE.
OSCAR SUTRO FAVORITE
AT ST. BRIGID'S FAIR
Big TWsplay Closes To-Night and
Goods I*eft Over "Will Be Auc
tioned.
To-day from 1 o'clock till 5 will take
place the grand promenade concert and
high .tea at St. Brigid's Fair that is being
held In the Mechanics' Pavilion. The con
cert will be under the direction of Profes
sor Harrison, and one of the features of
the programme will be a violin selection
by Miss Violet Johnson, who, though only
14 years of age, is one of the cleverest
performers on the Instrument in this city.
Mrs. Tillman in the refreshment booth
has made elaborate arrangements for the
affair.
Last night a number of the wares that
have not been sold were auctioned off by
Messrs. S. B. Levy. C. E. Da
vls and M. E. Mayer. They worked
hard all the evening, and through
their energetic efforts a large num
ber of articles were disposed of at
good prices. The different contests are
still exciting great interest. The vote for
the most popular candidate for the As
sembly from the Forty-first is in favor of
Oscar Sutro. He has-3S5 votes as against
374 for Dibble.
The surplice donated to the • favorite
priest will certainly go to Father J. A.
McAullffe unless Father C. A. Ramm's
friends come to the front to-night with
about fifty votes. Judge Dalngertteld
seems to be the popular candidate for
Superior Judge.
Remember that to-night will be the
closing ceremonies of the bazaar. All the
goods will be auctioned oft and the raffles
will be decided.
SOLDIER LOVER
PROVES HE IS A
MAN OF ACTION
Travels Fifteen Hundred
Miles to Reclaim Fickle
Sweetheart.
Overtakes Eloping Couple at Newton,
Iowa, and the Girl Discards
New Love for the
Old.
That "faint heart ne'er won fair lady'"
was ever the thought uppermost in the
mind of Ernest Coleman. private in the
hospital corps at the Presidio, and when
he received a letter from his. lady love ia
far-away Kansas City two weeks ago in
forming him that during his absence she
haxS been smitten with love for another
whom the intended to marry In a ttw
<5ays. Instead of weeping and decrying hi*
hard luck Coleman showed he was a man
of action.
Packing up a few necessaries he made
a hurried visit to the bank to draw the
few dollars he had been able to save from
his small v.agcf and without waiting to
eecunp leave of absence started Cast on
the first train.
Arriving in Kansas City he found that
his lady love had flown. The girl's father
end mother looked with disfavor on the
putt of the new lover and refused -to give
the parental blessing, having in their
minds their daughter's previous tuigace
ment to the boy in' blue. The couple.
therefore, determined to wed without
their consent and Hoped.
With tears in their eyes the girl's par
ents to!<3 this story to the soldier. Travel
Ftained^ tired and disappointed as he was
the new* proved almost too much. But
only for a few moments. Learning that
the couple had left but a few hours be
fore his arrival he started in pursuit. Thp
fickle jade with her prospective husband,
he was told at the depot, had left on
the train bound for Newton, la. Half
fin *H»nr later Coleman was traveling
r.orth on a freight, n" passenger tram
being scheduled to leave for some hour*.
The determined soldier-lover reached
Newton three hours behind the eloping
couple, Fortune favored him at last fo.-
It required some time to procure a license
and make arrangements for the wedding.
The bride-to-be had been Wt at the
hotel while the expectant groom went
forth to complete the details and this
proved his undoing. During his absence
Coleman arrived on the scene. Face o
face In the parlor of the little hotel he
met the girl who had tried to jilt him.
The shock of seeing the man to whom
she had plighted her troth two years be
fore and whom she imagined to be thou
sands of mile* away recalled to her mint!
her tearful farf-wells and oft-repeat€<3
promises to be true. Badly as he had
been treated the soldier had naught but
love In his heart for the girl. Tears and
excuses for her conduct melted the slight
feeling of anger that possessed him, but
he would not trust her again.
"Marry me and I will forgive every*
thing," he paid, and the girl consented.
Back to Kansas City they went, leaving
the other fellow still attending to pre
liminaries. V
Great was the joy in the girl's home
when she returned and the parents speed
ily gave their consent to the wedding,
wh'ch took place within an hour after
their arrival.
The soldier's next thought was hi6 ca
rer In the army. He had left San "Fran
cisco without the consent of his com
mending officer and unless he reportC'l
at an army post within ten days would
be branded as a deserter. Six of the
ten days had already elapsed and to pre
vent this disgrace he had to hasten. The
nearest army post was at Fort Leaven
worth and he left his bride m the care of
her parents while he proceeded to the
post, arriving there nine days after leav
ing San Francisco and U is presumed
that his story will lighten the penalty
for his offense against military laws.
• Henry Kersten, the 12-year-old witness
in the case of William Schopplein, the boy
charged with the murder of James Bri«
zalari at Green and Kearny streets Sep
tember'3D, Is fo/tunate In not being older,
otherwise Judge Conlan would have or
ciered -him into custody yesterday on a
charge of perjury. Kerstun admitted that
parts of his evidence at the Coroner's In
quest were correct and other parts were
wrong. He did not shout to the boys.,
"Look out, he is going to shoot!" but only
shouted "Hey!" meaning for them to look
out. Then" he said he heard two shots,
and when cross-examined said he »only
heard one shot. The Judge told him if he
had been a little older he would have sent
him to Jail for perjury.
Bernardlnl Dalmazzo contradicted Ker
sten in several particulars. He said Ker
sten called to. the boys, '"Hey, look out!"
He heard two shots, but did not know
who fired them. Then he said Schopplein
fired them. He fired one at a target on a
cellar door, the witness said. The gun
was loaded when Schopplein got It from
KerBten. After Schopplein fired at; the
target he gave the gun back to Kersten
and walked across the street. Kersten
loaded the gun and Schopplein came back
and got it again from Kersten. Schop
plein had the gun pointed down the hill
when It went off. He was holding the gun
bv his side.
Detective Ed Gibson testified to arrest-
Ing Schopplein, who told him that the gun
went o!T accidentally, and he did not know
that Brizzalari was shot till an hour and
a half afterward.
The defendant testified that he wa3
holding the gun in his hands when It
went off accidentally. He walked away
and did not know that Brizzalari waa
shot till about an hour and a half later.
He had no quarrel with Brizzalari and
nad no motive for shooting him.
Several witnesses were examined as to
the defendant's character, and they all
testified that It was good. Policeman H.
S. Hutchlngs and two other • witnesses
were called In rebuttal, and they testified
that It was bad.
Aftpr hearing Attorney Oevoto -for the
prosecution and Attorneys Castelhun and
Treadwell for the defense the Judge said
he would rescive his decision till to-mor
row.
Preliminary Examination of William
Schopplein on Charge of Murder
Concluded and Decision
Reserved. •
>
Judge Conlan Satisfied the
Boy Did Not Tell the
Truth. :
KERSTEN'S YOUTH
SAVES HIM FROM
PERJURY CHARGES
THE SAN . FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, , OCTOBER 23, 1900.
Rudolph Now Claims That Eila Deserted Him and His
Luxurious Yacht Without Cause or Consent
/and Against His Will.
COUNTESS CAUSED THEIR TROUBLE
SAYS COUNT FESTETICS DE TOLNA
12
¦ HsJe's. . Halo's. :
sale of umbrellas
on sale to-day, three lots umbrellas of unusual at-
traction, each 'lot possesses distinctive features, but
there is uniformity in value giving, it is a case of if you
want much for little you can be well pleased.
lot 1 — ladies' 26-inch twill silk carola with steel
rod, in new and stylish Dresden, horn, pearl and nat-
.ural wood silver trimmed handle^ they possess case
and tassel— each $"| .39
lot 2 — ladies' 26-inch twill carola umbrellas, with
Dresden, horn and silver trimmed handles— neat look-
ing and good wearing — -each — 950
lot 3 — men|s 28-inch carola umbrellas, steel rod
case and tassel, there ii a good assortment of silver
trimmed handles^ — each $1.25
another interesting ribbon 8ale
the quantity of ribbon is 2250 yards, the no. is 40. it is all
new. it is in fancy and plain corded stripes, it is in such very de-
sirable colors as pink. 'light blue, cardinal, nile, white, turquoise
lilac, black and white, it makes a truly interesting sale at. per yard
•' ....V.... 15 C
, we do not charee you for making any, of the new style bowi
when you buy our ribbons— quite welcome to our services.
a glove opportunity
yesterday's express brought us gloves that go on sale to-day-
goods that are so fresh, so good for the price that yon should ba
interested in them, ladies' two-clasp lxmbskin jrfoyes. in tan.
mode, brown, red. eray and black — sizes SJ4 to 7 — per pair.... 69c
the six ffl A53&4GL matl
o'clock M/Mi (^^ f^ J0 '^^^^ > orders
. 8toPC • M Invited
A n y H HTTSE'MTTN'Tff,
Big Sale.
Lamps
Hand X^nmp *3cU
Hand i^artip, footed.. ..30 eta
Stand Lamp 35 cts
Stand Lamp, larsre 50 eta
Lamp Unrner-Aslie 3 eta
Lamp nnracr-B ¦lze...io eta
lamp Wicks— A atxe.doz 15 eta
Lamp XVI eta— B ilte dos 20 eta
Lamp W!ck»-C «lze doa 30 cts '
Lamp wtcHa. round 1O eta
• 9 4>7A Lamp cat to • 3.T5
4.00 Lamp cat to 3.87
«.24 Lamp cnt to.... ... ¦ 4.68
T.JM>Lampcntlo...... a.62
1O.OO Lamp cat to 8.17
18.50 Lamp cat to..._. 0.37
89.6O Lamp cnt to 16.ST
We are Catting: Prices
all to Pieces During Oar
Bi8T Clearance Sale.
Great AKericaoIfflpiUi Tea Co.
tlO Grant ar».. bet. Putter scd Wott «t&
Stl Market st. ore PowvlL
E3 Market at.. Junction California.
OUR BRANCH STORES ETCRIWUKKB.
?O*0*0*0#0*0*0%0*0*0#0«0*0<!
I VICHY 'S HEALTHFUL! §
q 9H ,' : - ; with medldaal qoaTtttes. O
0 fflR !"» Indigflstioa tad %
1 4|5«v Stcnaoi Dbar&rs. 0
O Jgi|k So-called VICHY §
J fiiUB» ik siphons I
!p!j!Oi T ¥!GHYS
% W^^fM Get the Gsnulns %
fim if iigif 1
0 A. V1GN IEB. Distributing Aarent %
S OR- J OR O AN * 3 cheat i
i MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
1 C% i:a mtnt gg. ttt frSATa, s.y.aq, i
T )pr T&e LjrzMtAMtomlcalMuwumlntbe \
A World. WwtaBiii or any contracted A
V Fi hjrt *'««*< P«» 1 » 1 »» l Te«r«dhytho oldest V
S) /aOll Specialist cstbtCcut. EiLySjroarv •
3 l*£?\ OR. JOflDAH-fHIYATE 01SHASES §
\ FtfilSfc S to»ralt»rion tno tnd «rir fly priT»t« \
A I'fiUTB Tnnment personally or by letter. a|
f I fr|H J****»<*"«laeTc»ye»»o«adert»lrea. if
Ami II » Write for Book. MltOsoraY** A
f "a » Jiiaaucis. maiuo van. <aF
a a 1* * Bl " abl- book ** mn t A
9 0it. JUBDAXA CO.. lOlt itartrot St..S. P. ¥
HSmyT
ji Specialist eyr« Blood PolMn.Oonor^haa,O?e^?
8 , t ,? c J I VE'' »« inl '>»» I J***>ne3*. ImpowDce and their
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men, tree.
OTer20TearVMp e rience.Term,reasonabi«.Hour5;
Uxtioa free aad sacredly confldentkL Call o7 addxeu
P. BO8COE XeXULTY, 31. D.
*«>£ Kearny St., »«a Fmnciaco, CaL
n * Steinway
Let your child begin to learn
on such a piano as Sherman,
Clay & Co. sell for $200 or $300.
In a couple of years or so the
* child plays creditably and wants
jj a Steinway. You then can ex-
change your piano for a Stein-
way and you will be al-
* lowed the full purchase price, if
f the exchange is made within
three years after j'our purchase.
Even after that you are given a
very liberal allowance. Every
Steinway is a masterpiece— a
p work of art — and is the favorite
of professionals the world over.
It stands in a sphere of its own
I in mechanical construction.
! sweetness and volume of tone
and artistic excellence generally.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
Steinway Piano Dealers,
Cor. K*wny and Suttw sl«.. S. F.
< Cor. 13th and Broadway. Oakland.
Cor. 3rd *ad Morrison eta., Portland.
711 Second av«.. Seattle.
ii . - i ' : V '.
Vote for Thos. F. Graham for Judge of
the Superior Court. \ •
All your money refunded by any dealer If not
tatlsfled with a imoka of the "American.'*
clear Havana elrar. •
Trunks ft , traveling bags. Before buying se«
our "bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co.. 123 Ellis.*
If you want a healthy drink try Jesse Moore
"AA" whiskey. : -
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, the independent
candidate for Congress in the Fourth
Congressional District, has pledged him-
self to execute the constitution and laws
to abate the. Chinese and Jap plague and
to give our workingmen one more taste
of the sweet fruits which have blossomed
on the tree of liberty. If you vote against
him you vote for the invasion of Chinese
and Japs.
LAglec* tailor-made putts, silk skirts. fur
cepca; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 5» Sutler. •
The Chicago Tailoring Co. has removed to 113
and 115 Grant ave. Credit. •