ings in the case of Captain McCalla ts a
court of inquiry and not a court-martial.
The Navy Department was advised some
time ago that trouble had arisen between
Captain McCalla. commanding the New
ark, and Lieutenant Commander John C.
Colwell, formerly naval attache at Lon
don, and now executive officer of the ship.
While the department was acquainted
with the facts, it left the matter to the
eomniander-In-chief of the station. Ad
miral Remey, to adjust. He has now
found It necessary to appoint a court of
inquiry, which will determine the merits
of the dispute between the two officers.
Should this tribunal recommend- a court
martial in the case of Captain McCalla.
it would be necessary to relieve him from
his command nnd order him to the United
States, for there are. not a sufficient num
ber of officers of the requisite rank on the
Asiatic station to form a court-martial
for the caDtalo.
Department Is Simply Investigating
His Dispute With
Colwell.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 13.— The proceed-
CAPTAIN McCALLA NOT
o^i BEING COURT-MARTIALED
It is added that the British Consul at
Panama had asked his Government for
a w^ar^essel. Conflrmation-of the reports
howevfx, were lacking and it was asserted
trra,t 4 the British Consul at Panama can
not.dispatch cipher rnessages from that
city. _^____
REWARD FOR CAPTURE
, "I ' OF ESCAPE!). CONVICTS
LEAVEN WORTH, Kans., Nov. 19.—
One hundred' dollars reward each for the
capture, d^ad or alive,. ot Estell or Cra-
escaped convicts who have led
th«^«|)ite.nyary guards a wild chase since
their^djteJJ for liberty on Ia3t Friday, was
lolIeretyHo-day. ' . ,
to-day that one of the
[mei^»|acd a 'meal last night of a farmer
"a Bh&grdistance from where -they were
sunrounped yesterday, but no further
trace of thffn was secured.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Nov. 19.—Passen
gers who arrived here Sunday on the
British steamer Atrato from Colon say
there were rumd'rs at Colon when they
sailed that the British steamer Tobago
had been seized by the Colombian Govern
ment at Panama and sent, under an
armed escort, to Buena Ventura, a port
in the department of Cauca, on the bay
of Choco.
RUMORED SEIZURE
OF A BRITISH SHIP
Passengers From Colon Say the To
bago Was Confiscated by th*
Colombian Government.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON, Nov. 19;-Diplom
acy having failed to accomplish a settle
ment of the missionary claims pending
against Turkey, the administration has
decided to support peaceful representa
tions by a naval demonstration. ,Two
American men-of-war have received, or
ders to proceed to Smyrna and a third, is
available for fluty In^Turkish waters.* if
the department deems it expedient to aug
ment the foljce. The ships Instructed to
enter the port of Smyrna, are the battle
ship Kentticky, one of the most powerful
battleships of the American navy, and the
training ship Dixie. The /gunboat Wil
mington, now in the Mediterranean, may
also be instructed to call' at Smyrna if it
is thought her presence will have a bene
ficial effect To Turkey, in 'fact, to all
Europe, the dispatch ef the Kentucky to
Smyrna can have but one meaning— that
the United States is determined In its pur
pose to collect the claims which it has for
six months been so earnestly pressing for
payment.
Administration officials are not Inclined
to discuss the object of the orders cabled
to Captain Chester, commanding the bat
tleship, but it is deemed significant that
the fact of the purpose of the Navy De
partment that a vessel shall call at Smyr
na has been communicated to Mr. Grls
com, American Charge d'ACfalres In Con
stantinople. This wlH*be good news to
Mr. Griscom. His representations t6 the
iSuhlime Porte, Vhlch ar^#t continuation
of the demands of Minister Osc*ar Straus,
withdrawn by this Government as a mark
of its displeasure at the dilatory^ tactics
of the Sultan, have had but / one -reauJt —
promises. J i | **V
According to Mr. Griscom, tbe - Sultan
went so far as to give his royal word that
he would pay the claims last August/* The
day for payment arrived, but the'monVy 1
was not forthcoming. So it/ haa beep
since. Turkey has promised, but
promises have not been fulfilled. Ui>on
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WARSHIPS TO BACK THE
DEMAND FOR INDEMNITY
Diplomacy Having Failed a Show of Force
"'VvVill Be Made in Turkish Waters.
his return to Washington some months
a g9." Mr - 1 Straus told the President and
SecretarysHay that a warship only would
make Turkey pay. At that time the au
thorities allowed it to be known that as
soon as r they could conveniently attend to
the matter they would dispatch a man-of
war to Turkish waters. President McKIn
ley having be«n re-elected, he feels that It
ds high time to bring the Sultan to terms
,And^the dispatch of the Kentucky to
Smyrna has ? thls as its object, \
under arrest and begged the privilege of
communicating with her attorney before
being taken at that ijnseemly hour ana
under such distressing conditions to the
City Prison. *
The request was granted and within a
few minutes Mrs. Lund's attorney was at
the Franklin Hotel and In consultation
with her. The attorney sought out Pollco
Judge Cabanlss and Induced hlra to accept
cash ball of $100. The acceptance of this
ball by Judge Cabanls?. under these clr
cumstanco!>. was c.'early In. violation of
the charter provision. Judge Cabanlss
has erred !n\the same way before and hai
created considerable scandal In his de
partment by so doing. He had. however,
saved Mrs. Lund from the humiliation of
being taken to the prison. She was forced
to go Into court yesterday, and although
her attorney begj?«d for an Immediate
hearing of the charge' against her. th«
case was postponed until Friday after
noon.
In the meantime her husband had died
a suit which is without precedent In the
history of the courts ' of California.
Through his attorneys. Sullivan & Sulli
van, he filed in the Superior Court a suit
asking that the deed of gift for the Web
ster-street home to his wife be revoked
on the ground that It was obtained under
false pretenses. In this suit the husband
makes the claim that the consideration
was the conjugal truth of his wife, which
he alleges the wife did not give. Furth
er than this, eliminating the scandalous
features of the document, tho husband
alleges that the wife owes her downfall
to Harry Herz.
¦ In this condition the disagreeable ar
faiz rests, but the fight between husband
an.l wife will be pursued bitterly to Its
end. The wife declared yesterday that
the husband has resorted to his desperate
measures in order to force her to return
to him. The husband, through his at
torneys, replies that he haa discovered
enough to prove that his wife and Harry
Herz deliberately conspired to rob hjm
and not succeeding in that have now sued
him for divorce in order to obtain his
prcperty. vj
The attorneys for 'the husband have re
ceived the reports of' the private detec
tives. who t pretend to have followed Mrs.
Lund in**every, movement day and night
since /she left "her Webster-street home.
Last Thursday one of these private de
tectives swore to a complaint against
Mrs. Lund before Police Judge .Cabanlss.
This complaint was not served upon the
woman until 5 o'clock Sunday morning,
when she was alone in her apartments at
the Franklin Hotel and Police Sergeant
Donovan and Private Detective J. J. But
ler banged, on her door. She was ordered
to set ' ud and did ao. Sha was Dlaced
The husband at once began a flsht
against his wife's suit. He employed
three detectives, a man and two women,
to shadow his wife In every movement. It
Is upon the alleged . discoveries «)f these
ptivt.te detectives that the charge s<ainst
Mrs. Lund was made and the suit to
recover the Webster-street home was
filed yesterday. Mrs. Lund left her home
on "Webster street and took up her resi
dence at the Franklin Hotel on> Market
street, registering under the name of Mrs.
Jerome, which In the criminal charge
against her Is designated as an alias.
Thejprlvate detectives also took "residence
at the same hotel. What followed after
that will be included iri*the contradictory,
scandalous and unwelcome testimony of
witnesses in the divorce court, the civil
court and before the bar of a police judge.
The wife left her husband at the Va-
Itncla-street station and went^immedi
ate'y to her attorney, Joseph ltothchild.
and commanded him to bring ;.-,u \t against
her husband on the ground of. extreme cru
elty. The suit was instituted on the fol
lowing day and the wife rtspresentel a
very serious condition ot affairs In the
Lund household, j She alleged that her
aged spouse threw cups of boiling water
at her, and when she dodged them fired
•nates at her. She declared that lifer with
him was unbearable and she demanded
a thousand dollars a month alimony and
a division of property rights.
They finally came to San Francisco and
Lurd built a magnificent home for him
self and wife at 2716 Webster street.
About a year ago he deeded this home
to her, as he stated in a complaint which
he filed yesterday. In "consideration that
during his life she be a pure, chaste nnd
virtuous wife. Then he became depress
ed by suspicion. He took his wife to Del
Monte and found there the irreoresslble,
frsclnatlng Mr. Herz. There was a scan
dal and husband and wife returned to this
city on October 26.
The old man and the young woman went
to Guaymas and on September 3. 1S95. they
were married, the old man first having
Increased her salary to $50 a month. Hav
ing married the domestic, Lund could find
no expedient too exacting with which to
endow his wife with wealth. He gave her
an Income ranging from one thousand to
three thousand dollars r month. He
gowned her as superbly as money and
professional Judgment could suggest. He
traveled with her. but on one occasion he
Insisted on locking Iier in her drawing
room on the trip.
a better poker player than her employer.
Lund chlded his servant and she promised
not to repeat the offense.
He engaged her at a salar- of thirty,
dollars a month to go with him to hl3
home in Guaymas, Mexico. \ They took th«
train together and when the journey was
nearlng - its end j on the American : side,
somewhere near El Paso, the aged hus
band says . he made the horrifying discov
ery that his new-found, young and very
charming domestic was playing poker
with Harry Herz. a commercial traveler
for the New. York lace :.rm of Einstein,
Wolffe & Company. It is to la presumed
that the 'young servant found in Mr. Her*
As the husband, through his attorneys,
Sullivan & Sullivan, tells the story of hi*
second excursion on the matrimonial sea,
a series of remarkable incidents has been
his lot In the last four years. According
to this version of the affair, William' C.
Lund was In Boston five years ago look
ing for a woman servant. He made ap
plication at one of the various . intelli
gence offices in that city and found tho
woman who is now his wife.
The only Issue Involved ceems to be that
of money, of which the aged, husband Is
abundantly possessed. The husband In
his own behalf and through his attorneys
asserts that he has been forced to the
necessity of public scandal by the efforta
of his wife and a man named Harry. Herz,
who formed a conspiracy, first to rob him;
then to divorce him ar.d secure a great
proportion of his property. The wife, who
Is charming, fashionably dressed and the.
very picture of outraged innocence, de
clares that her husband is ulinded by the
vagaries of old age and has magnified a
purely platonlc association between her
and Mr. Herz into an offense to which no
honest wife can submit or admit. She
declared that she has been in every sense
a helpmate to. her husband, counseling
him, cheering him, aiding him in all the
varied relations of wlfehoou. She ha 1 *
sued him for divorce and he ha3 denied
her claim. She has been hounded, she de
clares, by. her insanely jealous husband
until she has been forced to leave his
home and hers to take apartments In a
Market street lodging-house under an as
sumed name and there. In ihe darkness of
the morning, police have appeared at her
door to arrest her on a shameful charge.
wealth and every appearance of perfect
contentment.
The * husband, five years ago. pos
sessed enormous lumber interests at
the Mexican town of Guaymas. His
first wife had died and he was traveling
for health and a change from the scenes
in which most of his life had passed.
He went to Boston and there met the
woman who Is now nls wife and around
whom revolve stories of scandalous life,
gay revelry on trains, poker parties with
men not of her household, daring es
capades at Del Monte, quiet, dainty sup
pers at the Poodle Dog.- midnight excur
sions with roysterlng companions into the
slums of Chinatown, clandestine meetings
at the Palace and a shameful charge In
the police court. As In everv stOryof do
mestic unhapplness, there are two sides
to it, and the gay, fascinating figure of a
man who Is not the husband. The case
Is a very bitter one and is already brlat
llng with lawyers and private detectives!
male and female.
MR.<A"ttD MRS. WILLIAM C. LUND, WHOSE MARITAL CAREER OF FOUR YEARS HAS BROUGHT THEM TO
SHOALS OF THE DIVORCE COURT, THE CIVIL TRIBUNAL AND THE BAR OF A POLICE JUDGE IN
' THIS CITY.
SUPERIOR JUDGE HEBBARD.
WHO ENJOINS THE CIVIL
SERVICE COMMISSION.
WILLIAM C. LUND, a mil
lionaire, whose marital Infeli
cities have been the theme of
private sosslp and public
Bcandal, has created a prece
dent for aged husbands in the chastise
ment of their wives. He has had hU
young wife before the bar of a local Po
lice Court charged with the only offense
which dishonors a wife in the eyes of the
world. In language more forcible than
delicate, he swears that he exacted from
her a promise to be puie, chaste and vir
tuous and he haa discovered proof that
she is false, untrue, unchaste, unfaithful
ar.d disloyal.
There has seldom been in tiie courts of
San Francisco so scandalous and so un
savory an episode as this. The husband
is over seventy years of age and his wife
swears she is twenty-eight. In a married
life of four years there have been quarrels,
criminations, recriminations, bitterness
and unhapplness, surrounded by enormous
William C. Lund, a Millionaire, Carries His Do
mestie Infelicities to a Sensational Climax.
Shadows of Gay Life Alter Dark.
I and county government, and the character, au
j thnrity. rights and duties cf the officers thereof.
; Nor was the ruling In Kahn vs. Sutro dls
j puted until the decision In Martin vs. Board of
I Election Commissioners came down October 23,
j 1S9S. and the question now is, for the purposes '
I of the case at bar, did Martin vs. Board of
Election Commissioners overrule Kahn vs.'
Sutro?
The new charter had been presented to the
people of the city and county of San Francisco,
and by them adopted as their organic law May |
"IS, l c ??. approved by the legislature In Janu
ary. 1S53. and went into effect January S. 1900.
On November 3. 1S96. an amendment, section '
SS. article XI of the constitution, was adopted.,
and upon the construction of that section, to
gether with the Martin case, the controversy*
here dejiends.
Charter Provisions.
The latter paxt of subdivision 4 of eectlon 8H.
ertlcle XI of the constitution, is as follows:
"Where a city and county government has
been merted and consolidated Into one munici
pal government It shall also be competent in
any charter framed under section S of said
article XI to provide for the manner In which,
the times at which and the terme for which
the several county officers shall be elected or
appointed; for their compensation and for the
number of deputies that each shall have, and
for the compensation payable to each of said
deputies."
Under this amendment, the freeholders In
serted in the charter of 1SSS. among other
things, section J, chapter 6. article V: "The
Sheriff shall be elected bf the people, and he
shall hold office for two 3"eare." and similar
provisions as to the other county officers.
The Beard of Election Commissioners pro
ceeded to call an election. Sheriff Martin felt
aggrieved at Ioslne. after two years, the office
to which he had been elected by the people for
four years, and he hrourht »ult for himself ar
ac officer and a taxpayer and for other sim
ilar officer*— the came kind of action brought
by Kahn— for the Identical redress and the
same kind of action now before the court.
The Martin case Involved but the one point,
just as the Kahn case did, and but one point
Counsel for Martin arjrued that the provisions
of tfce new charter fixing the terms of county
officers in the city and county of San Fran
cisco were In conflict with the constitution and
tho general laws of the State, and an invasion
of and infringement upon the sovereignty of
the State.
They said when the county government act
fixes the term of office of the Sheriff at four
years, the charter cannot reduce the term to
two years.
A ereat deal of the reasoning of the Kahn
ci«se, concerning the character of the consoli
dated sovernment and the distinction between
the classes of its officers, was gone over in
the Martin ca.«e and the answer of the court
to the Question was that the amendment to
the constitution, section 8*4. article XI. In
terms, pave authority to the freenolders to ln-
Fert In the charter, and tHe r*ople to adopt,
the very thing of fixing the terms of those
oificers. * *
Status of Officers.
The court *aid at pane, •411: "And to remove,
any doubt that may hive previously existed
concerning the status o©"f>f fleers of the class
(county) prosecutir.K thflf action, in mersed and
consolidated municipalities. It Is further ex
preysly provided in the amended section 8 and
S'4 that it should be competent In a freehold
ers' charter of such consolidated government to
provide for the election of such officers (county)
for such municipality. There is no room for
doubt, therefore, as to the purpose of the Leg
islature In proposing said amendment, section
J-H of art!cle,;XI, or of the people In voting upon
and approvinc the same."
At page 411: "The rule of construction In
voked by appellants seems to be that a provi»
slon in a law or constitution In reference to a
particular matter Is Inoperative and void,' If it
be Inconsistent with the general provisions of
said law or constitution. TTie direct opposite Is
the true construction In such cases.
"Under tblf» rule of construction It would be
immaterial whether the general county govern
ment act applies to the county of Ban Francisco
or not: f°r although said new section 8"4 article
XI may conflict with other sections of the same
article, providing for a uniform system of
county and township government. It would still
be valid as to the particular case for which it
Is intended, for in such cafe the particular and
the general both stand together— neither abro
gates the other— the former furnishes the rule
for freeholders' charters, the latter for all other
cases, and the court says at page 412: "But the
act establishing a uniform system of county
and township government does not and never
has applied to the county of San Francisco In
the pense claimed by appellants."
And the "sense claimed by appellants" was
that while section 64 distinctly and In terms
gave this authority— Kranted this power— to the
people of the city and county of San Francisco
still It was in conflict with the constitution and
laws of the State. The court decided against
this contention and that Is all the court could
decide in. that ca«e. and that Is all It did decide
In the case.
The Martin Case.
The court in the Martin case did not reverse
its ruling In the Kahn case; on the contrary by
reason of the only point Involved being the
length of term of the officers, deciding as it
did In the Kahn case, that it was four' years
and in the Martin case but two years, the
amended section SH article XI, having been
adopted between the dates of the two decisions
the utter absence of mention of so Important a
case as Kahn vs. Sutro. decided by the same
court, only three years before. Is an absolute
demonstration that instead of reversing the
Kahn case the court In the Martin case affirmed
It by determining that section S 1 * was purely
and simply a new constitutional exception to
the general rule therein laid down.
There Is no mention of qualifications for dep
uties In section 8^4, but there Is mention of the
number of them and their compensation.
To the extent, therefore, of the power ex
pressly given In section PA may the charter
apply to "county officers" of the city and
county of San Francisco, and no further.
The decision in the Martin case Is simply the
application of that ancient maxim concerning
the construction of written Instruments and
the Interpretation of laws. • • •
Vr"> case of Kahn vs\ Sutro 'Is yet the law
concerning the county) affairs of this consoli
dated municipality; exlcept as to the changes
wrought by the charter under the ffuthorlty
granted In terrriS by section 8>*4*of article XI
of the constitution of the State, and such coun
ty officers may select their own deputres, up
to the number limited by; the charter, and be
themselves the Judges of. the qualifications of
those deputies. • • • #
j^For the. foregoing reasons it Is ordered that
the demurrer ta-the complaint be overruled,
with, leave to u&J defendants tn/ answer ln!,ien
days. It. they are fr> t ad vised; all that toe pre
lic^lr.ary restralnipgforder continue In force. '
V An appeal tj£,the jSuprem^ Court t will
i>e taken for^jTR'ith hv the Civil} Service
Commission* City And Co'untj-*3Utorney
Lanei e "tn*ough hetfdld ,not*carejfo make
any, comment -on t^e {decision, jald that
ho would Immediately, prepare to appeal
Continued on Pago Nine.
interpretation of the law. has met the ls-
Eue. which, so far as the Superior Court
Jf concerned, clcsej the controversy and
m^ftt 'Jrftiaission of its power to
n*ove«galnst the guarded rights of counjy
c Seers:
Question of Sight.
This action 1* brought to have determined
the validity of the provisions of section II.
article XIII of the charter cf the city and
county cf San Francisco respecting its appli
cation to certain efflcers therein named and
heretofore known and designated as county
efflcere, to wit: County Clerk, Assessor. Sher
1E. Recorder, Coroner. Justices of the Peace
fc.r.4 Chief Clerk of 6ald Justices.
The question involves the right only of the
Civil Service Commissioners to prescrlb^-othe
r^alifications for and appointment o* defUties
ir. Raid offices, asd cannot, in this case, be en
larged to 8(!mlt of a determination generally
of the validity cf the civil service provisions
cf th* charter as a part of the general system
sf government 'of the city and county of San
Kranelseo provided fr.r by the charter, nor
v. nether it is applicable to any other officers
X) an those c!at>«(4 a* "county officers." nor
ca to the practical results of the administration
tt.eraof.
The anrurnerts of counsel were inert elaborate
ez:C able, aci after a careful review of them
C.e court If informed that of the many case*
c!ie<i as authority this case depends upon two
of them, belnir decisions cf the Supreme Court
if California. Kahn vb. Sutro. 114 Cal., 316. re
li>?<i upon by plaintiff. and Martin vs. the
J-Vartl of Klectlon Commissioners et al.. 116
Cal., 4M. relied upon by defendants and claimed
Ly thfera to be a reversal cf the point decided
In Kahn vs. Sutro.
In the caj>e of Kahn vs. Sutro the single
point Involved and decided, as appears from
the pleading*, the briefs of counsel and the
opinion of the court, was whether or not the
ei-t of 1S93. known as the "County Government
Act," applied to the city and county of San
franclsco. eo far as the Sheriff and other
coucty officers were concerned, and the Su
preme Court in that case decided plainly and
unequivocally for the first time Eince the adop
tion of the consolidation act in 1S5S — forty
M-irt — that the act of 1S33 did apply to such
If.icers. • • • / *
Both City and County.
The court eaid (pajre 319): "While the corpor
ate name of the body politic Is The CUy and
«v*unty of San Frandscp" it Is jecbpnlzed by
the constitution as having the attributes of
bcth a city and a couaty. and also as having
pttrifcutes distinguishing it from either. Geo
graphically It le one. of. the Itgal subdivisions
at the Etate. and Htftftat respect Is recognized
In section 1; article XI of the constitution as
c-.e of the counties of the Etate. Politically
it 1« rerardfd In that Instrument as a municipal
c< rporatioa." And/at pa£e 222 the court said:
¦But while the people if San Francisco are
thus to be r*«:ard«vl as «nder a municipal grov
«-nment with the/rlffht to select officers to ex
ecute the powers lof that government according
t - the terras of fts charter, the territory' over
vh'ch that rovetrment is exercised is at the
f-s~-,e time a cgUnty. and f»r those purposes
for which aMbiV offVers fx«-cise authority
net derived frCfa the Charter and disconnected
v.'.th municipal goverr.rjjrr.J*l Its officers are
• -onerly te«-rr.ed ccudjLj** officers. Ccnslcered
U ts pollUcal and Wicl/l relations toother
portion* of the State ihe <5rflcers elected by its
I' tem t* the eitentf Aat they exercise only
rk* powers an*» given by laws relating
rr.ere-j- to counties and who do not derive any
r .^a h rd i ed a as thC c; 1 untv r Tnc^. C^ rt dr S^ t ish^
fr And C^ a i°n fl^re 22€ji "s/n Francisco ,,,
therefore, both » city arid a ? ount^f" <1 »>'
thigh the boundaries cf»the^wo bodies cor
p rat« are coincident the »-leclor« within this
territory vote for officers whose authority and
fu-ictjons are derived exclusively frrfm the char
ter of the city, and also for officers wnoee
auiies and powers are prescribed by ireneral
!;,-.¦, e-id -upon which the charter is silent. It
roust follow that sortie of its officers arecity
officers and other* are coutfty officers. There
'.!¦ nctfcl!|fr unut-ua! or inconsistent -in this-'
*i County O IBcers Naiaed-
The court then polots our that under the
authfirtty cf *ecti<-n 5* article XI of the con
stitution and the net of 1S32. Sheriffs and other
cotmtjr oftt»-er* are elected for a terra of, lour
years. a»d tj»at The other officers of the city
aud cou3jt»' dtrive thefr erletenee and author
ity fronjfthe consolidation act which prescribes
other- term* Ur them, and the courtirflnally
dfclares at pare 3K: "These officers ar#;
therefore, county officers, and" their 'terms of
o.r.ce r» well us the time of their /election.
tre jno»« provided by the county g-orernmeni .
T n ! *.5 a ' !e ' ra * < Jpe !'3 p d In SeptenjJtifr. 1S3&,
jwiie the cor.Kr,i<datlon act of VJA, fmnJ amended
ly fffneraU-lawB, v»p yet the charter of- the
c :ty Lnd comity ct Pan Francisco. ,'-'»«// t>'\
>-.n earnest end learned petition tor-fd '.'jre-'
? c . i2l f" hn v " Sut -ro «*.' at rest, up '
££3F&fe U?f '- doubts may hav?
V^> PJ h l professional or lay mind con
cerning tbe character of our consolidated city
this consolidated municipality, except as
to the charges wrought by the charter
under the authority granted by section 84
of article XI cf the constitution of the
Ftate.
Under this Interpretation of the law the
county officers may select their own dep
uties, up to the number limited by the
charter, ar.d be themselves the judges of
the Qualifications of those deputies. Thus
!as the erstwhile empire of the Civil Ser
vice Commission been dissipated. The
present suit could have been avoided.
County oScers were willing to confess the
authority of the Civil Service Commission
to fill vacancies caused by dismissal or
death, but they questioned the right of
the commission to create vacancies. The
commission, however, demanded posses
sion of the ¦whole works, and was advised
That It could secure the same by proper
defense to the actions to be Instituted to
limit its power. Various suits were in
stituted against the commission, but the
casrs filtered through the Superior Coun
on the "pro forma scheme" without the
* xpreypion of an opinion as to the merits
rf the controversy, until the present case,
that of Timothy J. Crowley"" against the
Civ'.l Service Commission, was submitted.
Judge Hebbard. In the following concise
Francisco is tinder the guidance of a dual
government, or, in other words, the gov
ernment is in the hands of officials whose
jroveramental powers are partly directed
by the provisions of the charter and again
axe, to a certain extent, subservient to the
general laws of the State enacted for the
purpose of maintaining the relationship
between State and county in accordance
with the Intention of the constitution. The
court has held that the law as laid down
by the Supreme Court in the case of Kahii
egalnst Sutro, in which the issues raised
In the cas-o Just decided were decided in
favor of the plaintiff, who supported the
existence of the so-called county officers.
Is yet law concerning county affairs of
employed.
Judge Hebbard has decided that San
IT Is over a fragrneat of the local gov
ernment that the Civil Service Com
mission now wields Its 6cepter of
power. A decision was handed down
yesterday by Judge Hebbard of the
Superior Court, the mandates of which
take from the hands of the Civil Sen-ice
Commission all jurisdiction and authority
over the offices of the County Clerk. As
sessor, Sheriff, Recorder. Coroner, Jus
tices of the Peace and Ch5ef CWk of the
Justice's Court and the depuJWs therein
Judge Hebbard Holds Those Other
Than City Officials May
Name Deputies.
NO CIVIL SERVICE
IN COUNTY OFFICES
SEEKS TO DISHONOR HIS WIFE
IN THE COURTS OF JUSTICE
Professor of Economies Resigns
From Stanford and Seores
President Jordan.
ALDRICH EMULATES
ACTION OF DR. ROSS
The fact that Dr. Ross did not present*
,hls first statement to President JordajT
before he made It public is cited as an
Instance of the breach of good faith on
the part of the distinguished sociologist.
After President Jordan had upheld Dr.
Ross for 1 several years before Mrs. Stan
ford, they declare, the chivalrous thins
for Dr. Ross to do would have been to
first show President Jordan the,rt£Ue
me'nt. Had this been done, Dr. ¦'Ross
might have omitted the part in which he
charges . his downfall to the interference
of San Francisco corporations.
The faculty members believe, however,
that it is due Dr. Ross to say that he
did not fully comprehend the situation.
He failed to realize that it was the al
leged Insult to her dead husband's mem
ory that Mrs. Stanford resented.
BACK UP PRESIDENT JORDAN.
Several Faculty Members Discuss the
Ross Episode.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 19.-
At a meeting of some of the older mem
bers of the faculty Dr. Ross* resignation
was discussed in the light of to-day's
developments.* There were present Act-
Ing Vice President J. C. Branner, head of
the department of geology; ex-Vice Pres
ident John M. Stlllman, head of the chem
istry department; Robert L. Green of the
mathematics department and George A.
Clark, the university secretary. '^hese
together with Dr. Nathan Abbott of the
law department represent the most con
servative element in the faculty. They
are ready to go on record In unqualified
support of President Jordan and the pol
icy he has pursued In dealing with the
difficulty. "While no statement was is
sued by them, they are prepared to make
it when they consider the good name of
the university demands it. .- . w
These men are inclined to the vlew'ttiS'It
Dr. Ross* treatment of President Jordan
has not been as kindly as that extended
toward him by the university president
character of the statement which Dr.
Ross offered was sufficient reason why
his resignation should be accepted at
once. He regrets that Professor Aldrich
has taken this action, and hopes he may
see fit to reconsider.
Morton Arnold Aldrich. assistant pro
fessor of economics at Stanford Univer
sity, graduated from Harvard in 1895 with
the dfgree of bachelor of arts. In 1S97 he
took his doctor's degree -from the Univer
sity of Halle at the age of 23. During the
next year he was a fellow In economics at
and was advanced to Instructor
ship in economics the following year. In
September, 1899, President Jordan called
him from Harvard to his present position
on the Stanford faculty.
Dr. Aldrich is considered one of the
most brilliant young economists In the
country. A thesis on "The Condition "of
the Laboring Classes in England," writ
ten after a year's study in the coal re
gions, has attracted widespread attention
in economic circles.
your scholarship and of your efforta as a
teacher in behalf of the university. Very truly
yours. DAVID STARR JORDAN,
President.
President Jordan said to-night that tho
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov.
19. — Another Stanford professor
has raised his voice in protest
against the enforced resignation
of Dr. Ross from his chair In the
department of economics and sociology.
This time the protestor is Dr. Morton A.
Aldrich, an assistant professor to Dr.
Ross In the economics department, and his
protest Is fhed in the shape of an empha
tic resignation from his position at Stan
ford.
Dr. Aldrich's reason, as stated in his
resignation which he forwarded to Presi
dent Jordan to-day, Is his Individual pro
test against the recent enforced resigna
tion of Dr. Ross from Stanford and
against President Jordan's subsequent ac
tion. .
The "subsequent action" to which Dr.
Aldrich refers is President Jordan's re
quest of Dr. Ross that he cease teaching
at Stanford at once Instead of at the close
of the present semester. Dr. Aldrich' a
letter to Dr. Jordan Is as follows:
PALO ALTO. Cal.,
Monday, Nov. 19, 1900.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, President of Leland
Stanford Junior University— Dear Sir: With
deep regret I ask you \p accept my resignation
as assistant professor of economics in Leland
Stanford Junior University. I only take this
step, as you know, after extended conferences
with you. This reslRnatlon Is my lndividaul
protest against the recf-nt enforced resignation
of Dr. Rosa from Stanford University, and
against your subsequent action In the matter.
My reasons for this protest are neither based
on my agreement or disagreement with the
x-lewn of Dr. Ross nor on my personal friend
ship for him.
Nothing that you have said to me weakens
my belief that the request for the resignation
of Dr. Rosa meant unjustifiable Interference
with the Independence of a university teacher
within the proper limits of his freedom.
I protest with equal emphasis against your
action In the matter since Dr. Ross made pub
lic his statement concerning his resignation. I
refer to your statement which appeared in the
San Francisco newspapers, but most of all to
your action In asking Dr. Ross to cease teach
ing at Stanford University at once. Instead of
at the close of the present semester, for the sole
reason that he had made public his statement.
I prefer not to appear to acquiesce In the
course which has been^ pursued in regard to the
case of Dr. Ross.' As 1 1 wish' to make this state
ment of the reasons for my resignation public,
I ask that my resignation take effect at once.
Respectfully. MORTON A. ALDRICH.
President Jordan < accepted Profess v
Aldrich's resignation immediately upf»n
receipt In the following fetter: ,/ " •„
OFFICE OF PRESIDENT.
Stanford University. Nov.' 19. 1900.
Mr. Morton A. Aldrlch. Assistant Professor
of Economics, Stanford University: Dear Slr-r
Tour kind litter announcing your resignation
of the pesition held by you la Just at hand,
wUh Its accompanying reasons. One of these, ,
tfi my regret, contains an Implication which
may be open to misconstruction. I refer to
the phrase, "For the sole reason that he nan.
made public his statement." Tbe action in
question was based wholly on the character of
this statement as offered, and? was. In my
judgment, unavoidable. '£ " f
I accept y^ur, resignation with regret,
to take effect! avyour convenience, at the same
time exprtffig&g ray, very high , appreciation of
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 173.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— The police board
met at headquarters to-day In special sea
elon'to consider a letter sent to tho board
by Mayor Van Wyck, In regard to the
charges mad© by Bishop Potter. All the
members were present except Commis
sioner Hess, who is 111.
The board preferred charges against In
spector Adam Cross and Captain Herlihy.
Herlihy is the captain who is said to have
made an impertinent reply to the Kov.
Mr. Paddock of the- pro-cathedral, who
asked for Information. _
The- board sent a letter to Bishop Pot
ter, of which the following is a copy:
Right R«v. H. C Potter, Bishop of New
York Lafayett* Place, New York: Right Rev
erend Sir— The Police Board has. under the
date of the 16th Instant, received a. oommunl
catlon from Robert A. Van -Wyck, Mayor of
the city transmitting a communication from
you dated November 15, and which communi
cation In part states as follows:
"The statement, now In my possession, of
two clergymen of the highest character con
tains the testimony of two men. given without
exaggeration, with the most painstaking re
f'ai-va and with absolute truthfulness. In sub
stance it Is briefly this: That when one of them
complained to a police captain of a condition of
things In his immediate neighborhood, whose
disgusting infamy Is a matter of notoriety— a
condition of things easily verified by any In
telligent citizen who passes through the streets
on which it exists— he was told that he had
lied and that when, dlBheartened by »uch an ex
perience he carried his complaint to a higher
authority In the police force he was met with
Insolent derision." . A^ ' „
The first knowledge any member of the Po
llca Board had of this Insult was conveyed in
the public prints of September 28, which re
ported the proceedings of the Episcopal con
vention having reference to this nubject. The
resolution adopted by such convention called
for an investigation by you and, if the facts
Justified it, the presentation of a suitable re
port of It to the Mayor. In view of this reso
lution the Police Hoard has awaited the result
of iour Investigation and such action as you
should deem necessary. The receipt of your
communication from the Mayor places tho mat
ter befdre the board for its action; and. to the
end that proper charges may be formulated
against the officers complained of, the prepara
tion of which necessarily requires a specific
statement of the dates and times of the alleged
offense and the persons against whom the of
ftn»e was committed, I respectfully request
that you cause to be submitted to me, for the
use of the Police Board, the name of the per
son or persons against whom the offense was
committed, the dates or date of its occurrence
and the language used as nearly as may be.
Upon the receipt of. such Information charges
will be formulated and preferred against these
officers who.may.be named. The practice of
the board hft« been to permit the appearance
of counsel for the parties . making complalnta
on the trial had against a member of the
force. In this ea**. however, there is no desire
that the complaint should be made by the
Charges Are Preferred Against In
spector Adam Cross and Captain
Herlihy of Gotham's
Finest.
Police Commissioners Ask
for. Additional Infor
mation.
REPLY MADE TO
BISHOP POTTER
The Baptist Ministers' Conference and
the Methodist Association also passed
resolutions condemning the publishing of
pictures of the burning.
Rev. J. H. Speer said: "I suppose the
newspapers published only so much of the
matter as was required by their readers
I venture to pay that every minister her<«
read nearly all the details of the lynchinc
I know I did." ...
Dr. Hopkins deplored the manner em
ployed by the people of Limon to en
compass the death of Porter. He was of
opinion that the negro should have been
executed, and quoted the words of Rev
R. F. Coyle at the meeting of ministers
held yesterday, that he should have been
hanged "on a gallows 50 cubits high "
The words of Dr. Hopkins met with the
approval of the assembly, who voiced the
opinion that since the punishment or
dained by the Scriptures was not possible
to be jflven Porter he should have be-»rt
hanged. All present deplored. the act of
the mob In burning the negro.
Concerning the responsibility of the
government of Colorado for the lvnchine
It was the sense of the meeting that the
Governor was not required to call out l'ie
militia unless a requisition had been made
on him by the Sheriff of Lincoln Countv.
The action of a part of the daily press
In picturing luridly the burning at the
stake- of Porter was .especially con
demned.
"God's ordained law as revealed in the
Old Testament is that whosoever shall
shed the blood of man, his blood shall be
Bhed by man. The old Jewish law pro
vided that. a murdered man's nearest kin
was at liberty to seek the murderer' and
exact summary vengeance. Even to the
very steps of the altar could the avenger
go and drag the murderer to death.
These laws were ordained by God to show
his regard for the sanctity of human life
The national law should be based on ths
law of the Scriptures, and when it is not
I shall not hold myself to be ' bound by
that law." "¦*
"I have no sympathy with mob law,"
said Rev. Thomas M. Hopkins at a meef
ing.of the Presbyterian ministers to-day,
"but if that wretch had committed that
act on a daughter of mine I am free to
say that I would have shot hlm'through
and through.
DENVER. Colo., Nov. 19.— The burning
at Limon of John Preston Porter on the
spot where he murdered Louise Frost
was discussed at all the meetings of cler
gymen to-day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Hold Unanimously That Preston Por
ter Jr. Should Have Been Put
to Death, but in a More
Humane Manner.
End Justifiable but the
Means Used Was Ab
horrent.
PREACHERS SPEAK
ON LIMON HORROR
After the adjournment of the. Police
Board, it is said, a misunderstanding
arose between Chief of Police Devery and
President York. At headquarters it was
intimated that charges of as serious a na
ture as those against Inspector Cross may
also ba brought against Chief Devery.
The latter has refused to remove Cross
or Herlihy from duty pending the hear
ing of the charges against them, and in
doing this has Incurred the displeasure of
President York.
Resolved, That the Chief of Police be and Is
directed to cause a rigid enforcement of all
laws and ordinances throughout the city of New
York, and that he insist on a rigid compliance
with this resolution on the part of every officer
In the department, v and that he adopt such
nieuures as will enable him to be assured
that the requisitions of this resolution are
compiled with, and when a fallur* to so comply
exists ho is required to at once prefer charges
against the delinquent persons.
VALUABLE EXPRESS
PACKAGE STOLEN
SIOUX CITY, S. D.. Nov. 19.— A
$5000 package of money, sent to
Sioux City by a Sheldon. Iowa,
¦ bank. Friday, via the American
Express Company, is missing.
It was stolen some, time between
its sending, at 5 o'clock Friday af
¦ ternoon, and 9 p. m. of the same
• day.
party to whom the alleged Insult was Riven.
th« Pollco Board prcf<»rrlnK th« charge. It will,
however. pTtnlt. as It moot farnently requests,
that you d«»«lirnatp some counsel-nt-law who
will represent you In the prosecution of this
complaint, and If In his judgment It If deemed
best th» form of complaint may be uraued by
such counsel.
In reference to the statements contained In
your communication as to open and public vio
lation of law and discipline In the neighborhood
of the pro-cathedral, the board n&s taken
action thereon. I have the honor to be. very
respectfully, yours BERNARD R. YORK.
President of Police Board.
The following resolution was also
adopted:
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— Two fierce
onslaughts on the church of
Rome enlivened the proceedings
at to-day's session of the Gen
eral Missionary Committee. On
each occasion an audience which filled
every part of the large auditorium in St.
Paul's M. E. Church, where the committee
is meeting, broke into applause and no
effort was made by the chairman to check
these demonstrations of approval.
The General Committee, .which is com
posed of all the Bishops and leading di
vines in the Methodist church of America,
has been in session daily since Wednes
day last. Upon several occasions during
former sessions when reference has been
made to anything pertaining to the
Roman Catholic church the same spirit
has been apparent. Upon no former oc
casion, huwever. has tl.at church been
spoken of in terms so unqualified.
The rirst person to advance to the at
tack was Bishop'Goodsell of Tennessee.
In the course of an address on the worlc
of the. Mothodist Episcopal church in va
rious raxts of Euiope no had oCtfUlon to
ppeak of the work c^ne In Italy and con
ditions obtaining there.
• "In Northern Europe, for Instance, in
Germany and the Scandinavian coun
tries," the' Bishop said, "we have made
satisfactory progress, though we have a
great deal of interference and even oppo
sition to conten-1 with. Statistics show
that we have made as much headway
during the first thirty-five years in Europe
as we have in the same period in this
country, which offers a more congenial
soil for our record.
"In Southern Europe the conditions ara
somewhat dlffeiert. There the struggle
has been harder. There nre many who
doubt whether we have done any work-at
all in Italy, the land of superstition and
priestcraft, whether we could ever hope
to accomplish anything there in the face
of the tremendous press of adverse
thought with which we are confronted.
The fact is that we sent one of our work
ers into Italy. He soon made up his mind
that In Rome we had to do as do the
Romans. He began by training the young.
was as tremendous as it was spontaneous.
Dr. Drees said in conclusion that the
most promising field among the Spanish
speaking population in America was open
ing in Porto Rico, and advised the com
mittee to spare neither expense not labor
to oust Rome from that island.
Bishop Hartzell spoke on Africa, which
is his field. He said in part:
"We stand to-day in face of a revolt of
the pagan world against Christian civil
ization. In the far East Mohammedanism
is outnumbering the Christian religion by
numbpr of adherents. China has justi
slammed her door in the face of Chris
tianity. Only a few days ago her repre
sentative stood in Carnegie Institute in
Plttsburg and boldly threw down the
gauntlet to Christian culture in behalf of
the ancient civilization of his people.
. "Half the world is pagan, the other half
Christian, and our zeal and labor in the
first year of a coming century will decide
whether we shall win or whether the
Christian faith shall be deluged by pa
ganism and be buried for centuries. The
gravest problem confronting us in Africa
is the native question. The best states
men in Europe are at present solving that
question, and the humane tendency of
their work is truly gratifying. They all
declare with one accord that the Dark
Continent should remain Inviolate, the
home of .the black race."
Rev. Dr. Oldham reviewed the various
perplexing questions involving the domes
tic missions. The chief among these, he
said, was the poverty and the lack of
thrift which had become the heritage of
a great portion of the population In great
cities, and the indifference and even the
defiance met with in the camps of labor,
where the ehurch was thought to be In
conspiracy with the rich to keep the
worklngman down. This was only to be
overcome. by teaching the churches In the
cities that the whole city is the ward of
each individual church.
Bishop Thoburn spoke of the work in
Southern Asia and Bishop Cranston of
the eastern portion of that continent. The
latter pronounced Korea perhaps the most
promising missionary field In the world.
In Japan progress is hindered by the ra
tionalistic teaching in the schools, but the
Bishop said the field was nevertheless a
promising one.
"It was wise of the chairman to call
the subject on which I am to speak tho
work among the Spanish-speaking inhabi
tants of America; happily there is no
longer a Spanish-America. The last ves
tige of Spanish domination in this hemis
phere disappeared when the old Spanish
battleship Maria Teresa while being tow
ed to this country after being wrecked by
our guns laid her bones to rest on the
sands of the island which was the first
territory discovered.
% "A former speaker has said that a con
dition where half the world is pagan and
the other half Christian cannot long en
dure. The same can be said with as much
truth of a state of affairs where Christen
dom is divided into two great camps, with
Protestantism on one side and Greek and
Roman Catholicism on the other. The
time is uptfn us when anew the questions
which appeared in the Protestant refor
mation will begin to agitate the world
and demand to be pushed to their final is
sue.
"The Roman church at one time held
eway everywhere, but now Moth that
church and Spanish domination have
fallen off their high pedestals. When
Spain Is arraigned the Catholic church
should he arraigned with that power."
The applause which followed this sally
"The work is slow, but its value has
been recently testified to by the Pontiff
hirr-eelf, who has issued a sweeping inter
dict against the schools and every one
passing through their gates. This, how
ever, has only made us more determined
to wipe out a system which has create'l
out of a former man of empire a cringing
beggar with a monkey and a grind
organ."
The next speaker threw the gauntlet to
the church of Rome in terms as direct
and condemnatory as did Bishop Ooodsell.
This was Rev. Dr. C. W. Drees, who, for
a number of years, has been indentified
with the work of the Methodist Episcopal
church in" South America and was ap
pointed by the committee to take over the
supervision of the work among the Span
ish-speaking nations on this continent. •
In beginning his address Dr. Drees
made reference to the end of Spanish rule
In this hemisphere, and was roundly ap
plauded. He said:
by taking them into our schools and sem
inaries.
Session of Missionary Committee Enlivened by an Unex
pected Sectarian Discussion.
METHODIST BISHOP ATTACKS
THE ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH
THE FLIGHT OF OOM PAUL KRUGER ON BOARD THE WARSHIP GELDEItLAND FROM SOUTH AFRICA SEEMS
TO HAVE A TEERIFYING EFFECT ON THE WORLD POWERS, ACCORDING TO THE IMAGINATION OF Mc-
CUTCHEON/A CHICAGO RECORD ARTIST.
LONDON, Nov. 19. — A special from j
St. Petersburg says: One of the
most cherished ideas of the Tan- j
Slavic publicist is to detach Italy i
from the triple alliance, and a j
writer in the Rosslya, one of the newer!
of the St. Petersburg journals, proposes ;
to accomplish this and to overcome the
influence of Austria in the Balkans at one
stroke. He suggests that Russia shall put
Italy in the way of securing a foothold
or perhaps even dominant influence in
Albania. The editor of the Rosslya finds
that this idea has its disadvantages. The
plan he thinks, however, might be made
acceptable if Russia had to deal with one
Italy only— the Qulrinal and political Italy.
But there is another Italy to be reckoned
with— the Vatican and Catholic Italy, the
ancient enemies of the orthodox Greek
church. To substitute Italy for Austria
in the direction of Balkan affairs would
be. he thinks, like the change of King
Lear s daughters— Regan for Goneril. The
Rossiva thinks it sees indications of a
possible reconstruction of the triple al
liance, with England in the place of Aus
tria. It notes evidences of coolness be
tween the courts of Rome and v lenna ana
attaches great significance to the forth
coming visit of the young King of Ital>
to England among other countries.
Alleged Decoration Scandal.
A Paris special says: The Chamber of
Deputies to-day discussed the alleged dec
oration scandal, the reactionary press
having hinted for several day* past at an
unpleasant exposure regarding tratncK
ing in decorations. Finally it was said
that M. Jean de Crais, son of the M»nwter
for the Colonies, had been paid 20,000
francs for his Influence to secure across
of the Legion of Honor for M. Edward
Druraont, proprietor of. tho Libre .Parole.
De Crais spoke feelingly on the subject
and said tne charge "was false. 31. de
Crais described the details of the decora
tion given by M. Mlllerand. the Minister
of Commerce, and the method followed,
pointing to the reasons for which the dec
orations were bestowed.
A lively debate followed, many Deiu
participating. The Government \*ad
asked to refer the subject to a magis
trate, and others suggested a law to re
strain the "calumnious press*.
M. Waldeek-Rousseau, the Premier,
ironically replied, scoring the anti-Re
publican" press for descending to su >
methods in its efforts to injure the iM...
lstry. He claimed the stories were noth
ing "more than political fabrications. The
Government explanations were approved
by a vote of 379 to 31.
Knew Nothing of "Doping."
The much-advertised meeting called for
to-day to consider the "doping" of horses
resulted in a farce. A handful of well
known "fi>orts," a few Americans and a
number of veterinary surgeons composed
the audience. Several of the speakers
said they believed the American jockys
used electrical appliances, but no evidence
to that effect was produced. The meeting
finally resolved into a discussion between
American and English trainers, where
upon the chairman remarked that the
object of the meeting was lost sight or
and invited all present who knew any
thing about "doping" to hold up their
hands. There was no response and there
the meeting ended.
Smooth Abdul Hamid.
A Constantinople special says: United
States Charge d'Affatres Griscom was
again at the Ylldlz Palace November 17.
attending a court musicale, at which he
remained and dined with the Sultan, who
charged him to transmit to President Mc-
Kinley his warmest congratulations upon
his re-election, adding that the result of
the election had given his Majesty -the
greatest pleasure, because it assured the
continuance of the present exceedingly
friendly relations between Turkey and the
United States.
Leaking at the Bows.
A epeciRl from Kiel says: Divers report
that the first class German battleship
Kaiser Friederich III. which was in col-i
lision Saturday while entering this har
bor with the first class battleship Kaiser
Wllhelm II, is leaking slightly at the
bows. The Kaiser Wilhelm II has her
outer plating dented. Neither of the ves
sels requires docking.
Bank Officers Sentenced.
Director Nelson and Manager Shlmmon,
who, with the auditors of the Institution,
were found guilty November 14 of falsi
fying? the books of Dumbell's Bank of
Douglass. Isle of Man, which recently
failed for over £100,000, were to-day sen
tenced to five years' imprisonment. The
others received* sentences ranging from
six months' to eighteen months' imprison
ment.
Stories of the Alleged Purchase of
Decorations Declared by the
French Premier Political
Fabrications.
Plan to Wean Italy Away
and Overcome Influence
of Austria.
WOULD BREAK UP
TRIPLE ALLIANCE
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— An official
of the Pacific Mall Steamship
Company stated to-day that th«»
adjourned special meeting of th«s
directors called to select a suc
cessor of the late Collls P. Huntlnsrton
probably will be held Wednesday at tho
regular quarterly meeting of the board.
Vice President Tweed of the Southern Pa
cific is said to have been slated for the
position.
The Gaynor Conspiracy Case.
The hearing of the Gaynor conspiracy
case was continued before United States
Commissioner Shields to-day. David
Newins, chief clerk of the National Bank
of Commerce, identified two certificates of
stock of the Delaware and Hudson Canal
Company of 100 shares each, and they
were put in evidence. They were identi
fied by George C. S. McCarty. treasurer
of Randall & Whitlock. stockbrokers, a*
having at one time been the property of
Oberlin M. Carter. Other witnesses ex
amined were James J. Farley. S. Van
Lone, Edward Bromley, James F. Robin
son and John P. Underwood. Their testi
mony 1 related to certain stocks or bonda
which have not been referred to in the
hearing.
Griggs' New Law Practice.
Personal friends of Attorney General
Grigg-s are authority for the statement
that Mr. Griggs, upon his retirement from
President McKir.ley's Cabinet, will open
an office In New York. It is said ne will
also have an office in "Washington and will
make a specialty of practice in the United
States Supreme and Circuit Courts.
Old Postal Employe Gone.
Henry V. "Williamson, aged 60 years,
who had charge of the foreign mails de
partment in the general postofflce. died in
this city to-day. Mr. "Williamson had been
employed in* the postofflce for thirty-six
years.
The Wabash Not Absorbed.
President Ossian D. Ashley of the
Wabash Railway Company, when aske<l
to-day about the report that the absorp
tion of the road is contemplated by inter
ests identified with the New York Central
and Pennsylvania roads, declared that so
far as he was aware the rumor was with
out foundation.
First Arrests in Crusade.
Rose Sartella and Edward March, of th*
vaudeville stage, arrested at the Grand
Opera-house Sunday night, and John II.
Springer, the rrarager, were held; to-day
in $500 bonds for examination next Friday.
The arrest was on a complaint of. tha
secretary of the New York Sabbath Ob
servance Society, that secular songs were
sung. These arrests are the first made in
the anti-vice crusade against Sunday
night sacred concerts.
Smuggled Jewelry Appraised.
At the Custom-house to-day it was an
nounced that an official appraisal of th»
so-called Maximilian Jewels, taken from
the person of a Mexican In this city last
week, fixed their value at $2760, exclusive
of the sixty per cent customs duties. Tho
case will probably be submitted, to United
States District Attorney Burnett on
charges that the Jewelry was amuCTled
Into this country.
Californians in New York.
The following Californians are In Naw
York: From San Francisco— F. Brooks
at Holland; Mrs. M. Hefron, at Hoffman:'
J. B. Layong. at Stunevant; H. R. Lip
man, at Herald Square; R. Martin at
Holland: Mrs. H. Smith, at Albemarle:
C. E. Wright, at Imperial; H. S. Scott
L. J. Scott, at Holland; H. Sherwood and
'wife, at Imperial.
From Los Angeles— C. Greene, at Grand*
W. R. Greene, at Park Avenue; H. R
Pierce, at Grand Union.
From Oakland— J. J. Shoo. m.t Union
Square.
Pacific Mail Directors Ex
pected to Elect Tweed to
.SucceedHuntington.
Denial of the Story That the Wabash
Railway Company Is to Bo
Absorbed by Other
Lines.
SOON TO CHOOSE
NEW PRESIDENT
Tj-^ARIS, Nov. 19.— During the morn-
I )J ing se5slon « f tne Chamber cf
f*^' Deputies to-day the budget for
l\ the Ministry of Foreign Affal-s
was discussed and M. dKstour
nelles' de Constant. representing La
Fleche district of the Sarthe. asked how.
long the Chinese campaign would las».
He said he feared it would cost a large
amount. They could not depend on an in
demnity to cover the expense, for it would
be necessary to continue the expedition
to enforce the payment. The speaker al^o
expressed fear that the exaction of an
BERL.IN. Nov. 13.— In the Keichs- j
tag to<*.&>\ on the occasion of the i
presentation of the supplement- j
ary credit for China. Count voa I
Bulow. th<» imperial Chancellor, I
t-Tnphatically denied tfc« assertion f re- 1
quently made abroad that the China sm
'•rcglio was traceable to ihe German bc
oupation cf Kiaochau. This statement ,
¦warf greeted by the SociaUs-t Democrats ;
with loud cries of "It i& quite true."
Count von Bulow expressed keen regret
that e;:ch a cry was heard in the German
I'arJiamciit. The Chancellor further de
clared he did not wish at present to say
anything which mifbt be prejudicial to
:he common objects of the powers in j
China, but felt ihe need of pulling him- j
self !n touch with the nation. Germany, j
he explained, had adhered io the aims and i
policy outlined in the circular to the allied •
governments. The alk'Ratio:;* that tne |
<Jo\ernmeru had not fure^een the Chineoo ;
crisis was true. But most of the other
nations likewise failed to anticipate that
the storm in the Far East would burst j'j
violently or so soon. .
"But," added Count von Bulow. "tae
premorJlory Higna did not escape us. We j
directed the attention or the other Cab
inets repeatedly to these signs. We agreed
with everything our representative in I
China described necessary to take as a ¦
ir.easuie uf precaution and dispatched a j
force, offering even more than asked for. j
i wiah to reproach no one, least of ail .
Baron von Ivetteler. wiio in endeavoring j
most earnestly ia the fulfilment of his
duty to bring the chief Chine** authority
Lo reason w«.t, almost without leax, io
his death, worthy of the lar.d he repre |
tented and the name he bore." ill I
Reverting to the Klaochaa allegation, j
Count von bulow recapitulated the- pre-1
vious territorial acquisitions and cxpcdi- ,
tiont of the other powers in China, ad<l \
Hi.-: "We. with proverbial moat-sty, re- |
fctrained ourselves longest of all m*- pow
ers, even until the massacre of our mis
sionaries in Shantung.
•We first acted in China by force of
circumstances and then in such a way j
;hat p.ace was affected neither directly
nOT Indirectly. Our presence at Kiaocnau
is bated on a treaty with China in ac- |
cord with international law. We. na\-i
always shown a friendly aud benevolent]
disposition toward China and dcmoi -
uraied this especially in l*#o. when chsua |
was at the mercy of the victorious japan- ,
txe We nave no desire to lnterftte wuh i
the interests cf the other powers in
China. We wish to protect our rigats u> .
me fullest degree. Our position tnere w
one of legitimate defense, rhe _nv.bciabh= |
Chinese administration permuted th- j
Boxer movement to gain ground, observed ,
toward the Ministers an nttitude oi equiv- ,
ocatfon and inaction, violated Uu-_ ri S |lls .
of nations and the dignity of the £ermaa
people by allowing tne outrageous mu i- i
oer of Baron von tfetteler *«d did .he ut- ,
most in the intercourse with the Mir.istcis i
to put Off matters by all subterfuges anu j
PS^fn VheVa'ce o°f%uch an attitude we had
to take the necessary measures tortbe
protection of our rignts and the defense
ot our honor. The other powers were in
the same position and all civilized people
alike were compellea to act in self *ie-
Cense A dispas«« nale observer cannot
doubt that ihe recent movement is traced
neither w Kiaochau. Hongkong. Tontjum
or Port Arthur. It is direct and against
Kuropean civilization, with which Japan j
has thrown in her lot. What Germans j
desire is not a political adventure, but
the assertion of our interests, our rignts
and our honor as a great people. We
are wjiging no war of conquest. \\e only
wi*h for atonement for China's misdeeds
Hi:d a guarantee <>f reforms. W e espe
cially desire atonement, since otherwise i
¦uch" things might o^cur again. We de
t=ite the influence accruing to Germany
in the present movement shall be pre
served to her. We desire our share Jn
¦what Is to be won from China. We will
not e>verreach any one. and we will not
let any one overreach us. We have noth
ing to gain by a partition of China and
we <lo not desire it. We shall fare best
if china recovers herself, so far as pos
sible, under the best ordered adminis
tration obtainable ami remains solvent. I
We wish jo confine ourselves to cur pres- j
ent position and will not shake China un- J
Dece&saxily. We have no reason for so- .
ir.g beyond the convention of August 3,
:&<S. or to strive for territorial acquisi
tions which will place a disproportionate
cTrs.5n upon our resources.
"Neither have -we interest in nailing
•ourselves down in China to a definite
str*-tfh of territory. German trade had
sr>rpad in China long before we occupied
Kiaochau. W*» defend our rights in peace
ful competition, therefore, with all na
tions, nti the principle of 'live and let
live.' That is the object of the Anglo-
German agreement of October 16. the
prin<*ip!*»s of which the other cabinets
nav<> declared themselves in agreement
with.
"We assume that the other powers will
not make territorial acquisitions. There j
is no pround for doubting tHe loyalty of |
their declarations. Of th*> end set in view
by the circular note the most urgent
j>"jm. the liberation of the Europeans in
Peking, has been attained. Other highly
important e.bjects remain to be reached
—security of the lives and property or
foreigners, adequate satisfaction for out
rages, compensation for the disburse
ments made and costs incurred, and th«
safeguarding of our possessions. For the
attainment of these unanimous agreement
has been arrived at by the representa
tives of the powers iri Peking, whose cle
rranrts I now- cnrnmunlcat":
'" 'China sliai! a monument to Ba
ron von Ketteirr on th«» site where he
v.as niUTderr-d and send an imperial prince^
tr- Germany to convey an apology. Sh»
shall Inflict the death penalty upon* fie ven I
princes and officials already named, and
suspend provincial examinations for five
yeans where the outrages occurred.
" 'In future all officials falling to pre
vent er.ti -foreign outrages within their
Jurisdiction shall be dismissed and pun
ished.
" 'Indemnity Fhall be paid to states, cor
porations ard Individuals. The Tsur.g-H-
Yamen shall be «t>o!tfhe<1 and its func
tion? vested In a Forrien Minister. Ra
'ional intercourse ehall be permitted with
the Emperor as in civilized countries
" "The forts et Taku and the other forts
on the coast of Chill shall be razed and
the Importation of arms and war material
shall be prohibited.
" 'Permanent legation euards Ehall b*
maintained, and also guards of communi
cation between Peking and the sea.
" 'Imperial proclamations shall be post
ed for two years throughout the empire
suppressing Boxers.
" 'Indemnity is to Include compensation
for Chinese who suffered through belr*?
employed by foreigners, but not compen
sation for native Christians.
" *Ch!r.a shall erect expiatory monu
ments in every foreign or international
burial ground where graves have been
profaned.
" 'The Chinese Government shall under
take to enter upon negotiations for such
rhanges In existing rreatiep regarding
trade and navigation as the foreign Gov
ernments <1eem advisable and with refer
eoce t« ihp other matter* having In view
ih*- facilitation of commercial relations*
"It is Impossible to for»seo further de
v»fopm»>iits=. W> shah not allow ourselves
to be led beyond these demands, except
by th«* Interests rf civilization,
by the Interests f\t Germany."
T^ater in his speech Count von Bulow
Fa!d:
"The loyalty of Germany's policy has
hern proved by th* fact that the other
powers have transferred to us the su
nrftn« command In the province of Chill
¦W> would willingly have placed our
troepp tirvler the command of any other
power. \Y> notified Russia to that effect.
A desire vas expressed In many quarters
to offer the pupreme command to Ger
many. We could not be deaf to the cail
of other powers, and In accepting the re
sponsibility we proclaimed our conviction
that Germany's policy contained nothing
which, from the point of v»<»w of the other
Governments, could prive pxound for miR
givirg.
"That Us Majesty of R»«sia. whose
Fne«<3r and complete recovery w», with
;.ll ESnrope ar.d with ihe world, desire wRh
fill our heart*! thnt thJs noM^ and entf»?ht
rn'd sovereign Fhou'd. before all others,
pyt th* supreme command in our hands.
r.a« recognized by us with -pedal grati
t»O>.
"This is a fresh proof of what I shall
indemnitv would result in the dlsmemier*
ment of China, resulting in a universal
war. Thus he pointed out. "China hys
a trap for Europe to fall Into."
M. Marcel Sembat. Radical Socialst.
representing one of the Seine dl3trl«ts»
demanded to know by what right the Q>v
ernment had engaged in war without phe
consent of Parliament, and questioned xhs
Government as to the truth of the pr»sa
announcements of atrocities committed t»y
soldiers. He concluded with tho state
ment that Field Marshal Count nn
Waldersee was unfit to be commander-Jn
chief of the allied forces.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 19.—Dis
patches from Vladivostok say the Chinese
'have destroyed 300 versts of the southern
section of the Manchurian railroad. All
the stations were burned and much roll
ing stock was destroyed. The damage is
estimated at ten million roubles.
PARIS. Nov. 19.—Official advices from
General Voyrun, commander of the
French troops in China, announce that
international columns are occupying the
tombs east and southwest of Peking. He
reports a small engagement with the
Boxers, in which they lost 300 killed, the
foreign troops sustaining no casualties.
Chinese Destroying Railway.
Killed Three Hundred Boxers.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 19.— The following
death report from General Chaffee. dated
Taku, November 17, has been received at
the War Department: November 3. at
Tientsin, Clifford R. Bedford, Company
K. Fourteenth Infantry, typhoid fever-
November 4. at Peking. Edward J. Jen
nings, civilian teamster, chronic lepto
meningitis.
Deaths Reported by Chaffee.
LONDON. Nov. 20.— "A Chinese official
reports." says the Shanghai correspondent
of the Standard, "that the allies have
captured two passes leading from Chili
into Shansi. Herr Kieppe, the German
Consul, has return«?dyfrom Nanking. He
reports that he asked the Viceroy to per
mit foreign troops to ascend the Yangtse
and to stop sending supplies to Sian-Fu
Allies Capture Passes.
LONDON. Nov. 20.— The French Consu;
here reports, says the Shanghai cor
respondent of the Daily News, that severe
persecutions of Catholic converts continue
in the Province of Kanpsl. Mr. Goodnow,
I'nlted States Consul, hears that the Pro
testants in the Province of Chekianfr are
similarly persecuted. The Governors of
both provinces are Manchus and violently
anti-foreign.
Persecution of Converts.
LONDON, 20.— The Morning Post's
Peking correspondent wiring Saturday
Fays: "The edict inflicting punishment is
milder than the first reports suggested.
Prince Tuan and Prince Chwanc are only
banished and not imprisoned. Duke I^an
is merely dismissed. The Foreign En
voys cannot accept the edict, owing to
the inadequacy of the punishments. Count
von Waldersee officially announces that
he has stopped looting and restored peace
in the province of Chili."
Punishments Are Mild.
Herr Bebei, the Socialist leader who fol
lowed, was called to or<l*>r for asking
whether the Centrists did not feel tho
humiliation that had beei; inflicted upon
the Reichstag. He attacked tho China
policy of the Government. (1«-Harir!fr that
Europe was reaping what she and the
missionaries had sown. He blamed Em
peror William's speeches for the cruel
manner In which the war was being
v.ap«"d in China, ridiculed the mission of
Count von Waldersee and a?«=ort«>cl that
it would be impossible for r'hina to accept
conditions which the imperial Chancellor
had sot forth.
'•By dispatching troops to China we
have in no way impaired our readiness
io do battle in Europe. We declare that
we are on Kuard. in undertaking tin
charge of the interests of other nations,
actiup as a lightning conductor for the
other powers, we have no tleslre to play
the rule of i'rovldence on earth. The
Hohenzollerns will not tread In the path
<-f the Bonanartes. Never will non-Ger
man tendencies be followed by the house
whose great sou has declared that a
IVint-e is the llrst servant of the state.
in xh>' Bpanisb>Amerlcan and South Afri
can wars we pursued a policy of honor
able neutrality because it was the best for
Germany.*"
Or. L-iebcr, the Centrist leader, ex
pressed approval of the statements <>f the
Chancellor and of the policy followed by
the Government, including' the Angfo
fierrnan .isrreement and the maintenance
of friendship with Russia ; lint ho dr-claro.1
that, in view of tho kt<'" s disregard which
the Government hail shown tor the con
stitutional rights of the Reichstag, some
Indemnity ought to be granted to the
Government for its extreme presumption.
always uphold, that between a well con
ducted Gorman policy and a well con
ducted Ruffian policy, there can be- no
deep and certainly no invincible antagon
ism. .. .
Chancellor Von Bulow Tells the Reich
stag, However, the Country Will
Fight for Its Rights in China.
GERMANY NOT WAGING
A WAR OF CONQUEST
Statement Also Made in the French
N Chamber That China Lays a
Trap for Europe.
VON WALDERSEE IS
UNFIT TO COMMAND
"FLYING DUTCHMAN" IN EUROPEAN CONCERT
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1900.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
drug-gists refund the money If it fails to cure.
BL ¦«.*. Grove's signature Is on each box, 25c ¦ •
STURGEON BAY, Wis.. Nov. 19.— The
Hotel French was burned to-day. Miss
Hechardt of Ahnapee, Wis., a guest, was
burned to death. All others in the. hotel
escaped. The financial loss was nominal.
Burned to Death.
KANSAS CITY, Nov.' 13.— Edward L.
Swazey, who fled- from Kansas City four
months ago after obtaining large sums
from banks throughout ; the country by
means of duplicate cattle mortgages, Is
being followed closely by detectives in
South America.' . .
The local attorney for the Cattlemen's
Protective Association, which is prose
cuting the search, stated that Swazey will
be arrested and brought back here If he
enters a country where the extradition
laws would not interfere with his being
taken. It appears that Swazey went di
rect to Montevideo from Kansas City.
try if Extradition Laws
Permit.
DETECTIVES CLOSE ON
TRACK OF SWAZEY
Will Bring Him Back to This Coun-
SAN ANTONIO. Tex., Nov. 19.-The A.
B. Frank Company, wholesale grocers
and Gold. Frank & .Co.. wholesale dry
goodn merchants, on West Commerce
street, suffered a $250 .000 loss by fire.
Big: Fire in San Antonio.
TERRE HAUTE, Nov. 19.— A man who
traveled from Texas for the purpose to
day paid Eugene V. Debs $50 borrowed
money and $30 interest. He was a fellow
employe of Debs many years ago in this
city.
Leader Travels Miles to Liqui
date an Obligation.
Former Fellow-Workman of Labor
AUSTIN, Tex., Nov. 19.— A dispatch
from Zacatecas says: A number of the
principal mine owners of Zacatecas, Chi
huahua and Durango have entered Into
an arrangement for the importation of
10.000 Chinese to Mexico. They will be
brought here direct from China and given
employment In the mines. There is a
great scarcity of native laborers and a
number of mines are <shut down owing to
the lack of miners.
Some time ago 200 Chinese were brought
to. Zacatecas to work in the mines, and
they have given good satisfaction. Agent3
of the mine owners will leave for China
in a few days to attend to the shipment
of the first big lot of Celestials.
RETURNS BORROWED
MONEY TO DEBS
Importation of Ten Thousand
From China.
Arrangement Entered Into for the
CHINESE TO WORK
IN MEXICAN MINES
COLOMBO. Nov. 19._ Th e United State*
cable shh> Burnside. carrying the full
equipment of apparatus designed to estab:
Hah telegraphic communication between
anl it, a . nd . all i the military stations in
the Phillpplneyferchipelaso. arrived h«ro
t O-G 3LV. •
Burnside at Colombo.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Nov. 19.— It was
reported three or four .days ago that Rev.
Francis Hermans, the alleged murderer"
was In Omaha, and Sheriff Howells who*
wa 9 there on other business, investigated
the rumor, which, like the dozen or more
previous rumors of a previous nature re
garding Hermans, turned out ao far to be
baseless. uo
Sheriff Howells Makes Thorough In
vestigation and Finds Rumor
to Be Baseless.
FRANCIS HERMANS
13 NOT IN OMAHA
SYRACUSE, X. Y., Nov. 19.— Three mor«
Sisters of the Order of St. Francis hav«
gone from this city to the leper colony in
the Hawaiian Islands. Of the three one
was a former Syracuse girl. Miss* Anna
Schillinger. daughter of Louis Schilllnger.
The party goes direct to San Francisco,
sailing December 6 for Hawaii. From
there Jthe Sisters go to Molokal to insti
tute a great work.
Spiritual and Temporal Welfare
of Lepers.
Three Women to Administer to
FRANCISCAN SISTERS
BOUND FOR MOLOKAI
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— General N.
Bolet-Peraza, confidential agent of tha
Government of Venezuela, acting on In
structions from President Cipriano Cas
tro, has purchased George J. Gould's
steam yacht Atalanta for that republic
She Is to be converted Into a warship".
She Is to coat Venezuela 1123.000.
Colombia purchased the yacht five
months ago lor $65,000, but failed to pay
in full and forfeited the $60,000 ah« did pay.
That her most bitter enemy. Venezuela.
has got possession of the coveted yacht
will be bad news for Colombia.
a Warship.
Vessel Is to Be Converted Into
George Gould's Erstwhile- Pleasure
VENEZUELA SECURES
YACHT ATALANTA
Deer Park. '
NEW LIBERTY, Mich., Nov. 19.— Word
has been received here by.D. M. McLeod,
a lumberman, that one of his scows, used
in transporting freight from Sault Ste.
Marie to L>eer Park, where he has a num
ber of lumber camps, was caught in a
Ktorm on Lake Superior. Sunday morning
off Deer Park and five of the six men
on board were washed i overboard ana
drowned. The dead:
JOSEPH II. CASCADED.
JOSEPH BILLINGS.
HERMAN WINSEL.
BARON NIZBL.
A man known only as "William."
Disastrous Voyage on Lake Superior,
. Between Sault Ste. Marie and
FIVE LOST FROM
A LUMBER SCOW
DIRECTORS ELECTED BY
BALTIMORE AND OHIO
Change in. Personnel of the Board
Probably Heralds End of
Bate Wars.
BALTIMORE. Nov. 19.— Much specula
tion was Indulged in to-day as to the sig
nificance attached to the changes made in
the directorate of the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad at its annual meeting to-day.
Captain John P. Green, first vice presi
dent o£ the Pennsylvania Railroad Com
pany; Charles H. Tweed, chairman of the
board and second vice president of the
Southern Pacific Company, and Martin
Erdman of New York, were elected di
rectors in the places of J. Kennedy Tod of
New York. Henry Clay Pierce of St
L,ouls and Alexander Brown of Baltimore
The fuU directorate elected is: Edward
R. Bacon. Martin Erdman. John P
Green, Edward H. Harrlman, James J
Hill. Southerland M. Provost. Norman B.
Ream, William Salomon, Jacob H. SchifT
Charles Steele, James Stillman, Charles
H. Tweed.
By the election of Captain Green the
Pennsylvania's representation In the
Baltimore and Ohio directorate Is in
creased to two, the other representative
of the Baltimore and Ohio's big competi
tor being Third Vice President B. M. Pro
vost. In the person of Mr. Tweed the
Southern Pacific Company obtains an im
portant representation In Baltimore and
Ohio affaire.
He is closely allied with the* firm of
Speyer & Co., which financed tha reor
ganization of the Baltimore and Ohio, as
la also Mr. Erdman. Of the old director*
Mr. Harriman is not only a director In the
Southern Pacific board, but he Is also
chairman of the board of the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company, and
president of the Oregon Short Line Rail
read. Mr. Hill la president of the Great
Northern. Thus five of the twelve Balti
more and Ohio directors are important
officers of other prominent lines.
No Marylanders are now left In the
Baltimore and Ohio board except the two
official representatives of the State, who
are Ex-Senator A. P. Gorman and C
Baughman.
It was stated after the meeting that the
only business transacted besides the elec
tion of directors was the discussion of the
annual report which has already been
published. Samuel Salomon, chairman of
the board, who presided at the meeting
declined to discuss the significance of the
entrance of another Pennsylvania official
into the Baltimore and Ohio board, but
it is understood that the presence of both
Mr. Green and Mr. Provost means that
th3 two systems will work together In
harmony and that rate wars are practi
cally things of the past.
2GOVERNOR LIND IS
SUMMONED HOME
May Be Called Upon to Appoint a
Successor to Senator Davis,
Who Is Very 111.
ST. PAUL, Minn.. Nov. 19.— Governor
Lind. who is in Wyoming, was hurriedly
summoned home to-day by his party lead
ers, on the report that Senator Davis may
not survive long, for the- purpose of filling
the vacancy. In case of Senator Davis*
death. Governor Llnd will appoint a Re
publican.
Whether the improvement noted this
afternoon in the condition of Senator
Davis la other than superficial it is Im
possible to say. The continued intervals
of delirium are deemed unfavorable to re
covery. However, the fact that he con
tinues to take considerable nourishment
and tonics is considered much in "his fa
vor. Messages of sympathy were received
to-day from the Chinese Minister at
Washington, Wu Ting Fang; Lord
Pauncefote, English Embassador; Secre
tary of State Hay and Senator Frye.
The two young women were lashed to
the masts beside the captatr and mate,
but when the vessel partly capsized, then
righted itself. Ella Dubose's body alone
remained upon the mast.
The mate and three of the crew, hold
ing to part of the rigging, were rescued.
The two seamen whese bodies became en
tangled in the lower rigging were John
Hayman and Charles Magnussen. the for
mer a native of Finland and the latter cf
Norway.
The bodies of all three victims of the
ocean's fury were not removed from tha
vessel until a medical examiner arrived.
climb the mast before It was secured to
a wharf.
The former. Miss Mary Emerson, 23
years old. it is understood, was soon to
become the captain's second wife.
The tug Mercury, which was the first
to find the derelict vessel, took the wreck
in tow on Sunday morning twenty-three
miles east of Sankaty Head. Nantucket.
When Captain R. S. Vannaman knew
that his vessel was doomed in Vineyard
Sound his and Mate Kearney's first
thoughts were of the two women aboard —
the captain's deceased wife's sister and
niece.
Special blepatch to The Call.
MOBILE, Ala.. Nov. 19.— The dead
body of Ella Dubose. daughter of
Mr3. J. M. Dubose of thie city,
reached here Sunday »from Boston,
Mass., near the harbor of which seaport
the girl met a horrible death in the rig
ging of the schooner Myra B. "Weaver.
Two others perished with her in a fright
ful storm that raged on Vineyard Sound
on Friday, the 9th of November.
The funeral took place to-day from the
home of her mother. There was a con
etant stream of callers at the house from
early morning till the hour of the funeral
and the little coffin was buried from sight
under a mass of white flowers. The little
girl was universally beloved and the
burial was one of the saddest here for
many months.
News of the tragedy reached the
parents of the dead girl after the ill
fated schooner, a dismantled wreck, had
been towed to a wharf in Boston harbor,
the girl and two seamen still swaying
dead in the rigging, from which it had
been Impossible to detach them until the
vessel wa3 moored to a dock.
For an hour or more hundreds, if not
thousands, of persons crossing: the East
Boston ferries, and on both the Boston
and East Boston shores, saw this awful
spectacle, perhaps never before witnessed
in the harbor of a civilized city.
Near the North ferry is Lelghton's
wharf. Shortly after 1 o'clock the tug
boats Mercury, Zetes and Juno brought
to the wharf the wrecked Weaver.
Lashed to the rigging, high up on a
broken mast near the crosstrees. was the
partly nude body of Ella Dubose. A rope
about the waist was fastened to the mast
head, and as the body swung back and
forth the head and arms almost touched
the feet.
Below the head hung down the long
brown hair of the girl.
Why was the body not removed before
the schooner was made fast to the wharf?
was the question on every witness' lips.
The wreckers said that, as there was a
hole in the boat, and as it was floating
only because of its cargo of lumber, it
was impossible to board the vessel and
The latest and most important project
on foot in England is the construction of
a canal from Southampton to London. .
ARRIVED,
LATE SHIPPING UTTEIXiaENCE.
Monday, Nov. 19.
Schr Boy Sonwrs. Solland. 7 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Bells, Smith, . • day* from Sulslaw
River.
SAN DIEOO— Arrived Nov 19— Schr Aralea.
Sailed— Stmr Homer, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Sensational Divorce Suit.
WOODLAND. Nov. 19.— Recently Mrs.
S. A. Bryant brought suit ,for divorce
from her husband. The case Is on trial
now and has developed into something
of a local sensation. The defendant has
summoned as witnesses a number of the
young men of the community in an effort
to , establish the charge of infidelity
against his wife.
Improves the Wheat Crop.
SYDNEY, N. S. "VV-. Nov. I9._j ohn L
Fegan, Secretary* of Mines and Agricul
ture, asserts that the recent downpour of
rain has largely Improved the prospects
of the wheat crop.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 19.— Father McNamee
of the Catholic Church haa been presented by
a friend with a "OO-pound bell for the boy»'
parochial school. The bell will be blessed by
Bishop Montgomery and will peal for the first
time on Christmas.
SEATTLE. Nov. 13. — Dufferln Patulle. chief
clerk of the Gold Commissioners at Dawson,
estimates this season"* Klondike output of gold
at J20.000,f>00. as against J17.CO0.000 for 1899.
Next year's gold output of the Klondike. Pa
tulle believes, will reach $25,000,000.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 19.— Officers last night
swooped down upon a lottery game where
twenty Chinese were present. The layout was
captured and four of the Celestials were taken
Into custody, but were released upon the Chi
nese merchants furnishing *30 ball for each.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 19.— N. P. Conrey, who
was returned Judge of the Superior Court for
the short term at the recent election, has ten
dered his resignation aa a member of the Board
of Trustees of the State Normal School located
here. The resignation Is In the hands of Gov
ernor Gaee.
SEATTLE. Nov. 19.— A train of fourteen cars
of army mules, destined for shipment to the
Philippines, is expected here by Quartermaster
Ruhlln during the next two days. Consider
able anxiety Is felt for their arrival in good
condition, owing to the reports of very- cold
weather In Montana and Idaho. The animals
will be rested and fed on arrival at Spokane
and will probably reach here Wednesday night.
SAN JO6E. Nov. 19.— A $10,000 damage suit
against the Southern PacMc Company for the
death of Eddie Taylor, a 14-year-old boy. was
commenced in Judge Rhodes* court to-day. Th •
plaintiff Is E. P. Taylor, father of the boy.
Tho accident occurred in this city - two years
ago. Young Taylor and a companion were
driving along Center street when some car*
that were being switched ran them down. It
is alleged that the accident was due to the
negligence of the, railroad company.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 19. — The condemnation
suit of the city against the. Fountain Water
Company came up in the Superior Court to-day
and was »et for trial on December 11. The
property it 1b sought to condemn consists of
several acres of land and a large spring situ
ated near the City Water Works, and Jt is pro
posed to add the supply from the spring to the
output of the municipal system If possible.
The city tried to buy the property, but the
company asked *t0O,000. which was deemed ex
cessive.
COAST BREVETIES.
SEEK PROTECTION
AGAINST APACHES
Mormon Colonies Send an Appeal to
the Military Authorities in
Mexico.
CHIHUAHUA, Mexico, Nov.. 19,-The
Mormon colonies of Durban, Pacheco,
Colonia, Oaxaca. Colonia Diaz and Colo
nla Juarez have appealed to the military
authorities of Mexico for protection
against further raids from the bands of
hostile Indians.
Preparations are being made by the
War Department to strengthen the mill
tary garrisons and to annihilate the force
of Apaches which made the bloody attack
on the Pacheco settlement a few days
ago. These Apaches have taken refuge
in the Sierra Madre, and their pursuit wlil
be difficult. The Pacheco colony has a
population of about 1200. .
Two Spaniards Fight
MONTEREY, Nov. 19.— Augustine Ro
mero and Solomon Orantes, Spaniards
living in Monterey, engaged In a drunken
altercation on Alvarado street last night.
Romero drew a knife and cut Orantes
about the head. He was knocked down
by a bystander and Orantes Jumped upon
him and kicked and beat him severely.
Orantes and his friend then left Romero
for dead, and he was found a half hour
later Just recovering -consciousness and
taken to his home. Orantes had not grone
far when he, too, collapsed from loss of
blood. and had to be assisted to* his home.
Neither was dangerouslr injured. .
To Exploit Iron Mines.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 19.— Count
KUen Michael has formed a stock com
pany to exploit iron mines discovered on
his estates in the Government of Kursk
The prospecting commission reports that
half a billion poods of ferruginous earth
bearing from forty-eight to sixty per cent
of iron, are accessible.
Declares for a Carnival.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 19.— The Santa Clara
Valley Improvement Club this evening
passed a resolution requesting the Mayor
to call a mass meeting to arrange for a
rose carnival In April and for inviting:
President McKinley to attend It.
MURDER MYSTERY
IN PEOTTSYLVAKTA
Baptist Minister Accused of Being
Responsible for the Death of
His 'Wife.
Britain's Big War Loan.
WILKESBARRE, Pa.. Nov. 19.-A een-
Fational murder mystery has developed
et "Wyoming, near here, and the principal
f.g-ure in It is Rev. D. C. Stuart, a former
pastor of the Wyoming Baptist Church.
Th*> pastor's wife died suddenly two
weeks ago at the home of her daughter in
Plymouth. She had been married but
three months, and was ill only ten days.
Her Illness was not considered eerious and
she died suddenly, shortly after her hus
l.and had carried dinner to her bedside.
An empty bottle having the label "car
bolic acid" was found near the bed and
suicide was suggested.
Numerous suspicious circumstances
nave been brought to light and the body
was exhumed and an autopsy will be held
The reverend gentleman was asked to
noeo-Jnt for some money belonging to the
church, which he failed to do, and he re
signed his pastorate and left for Philadel
phia. Stuart wai arrested in Philadelphia
to-night. The warrant charges murder.
LONDON, Nov. 20.— The Daily Tele
graph makes the following announcement:
"We learn that the Government will not
EFk more than £20,000,000 of the war loan
in December. The question of the full
amount and that of the Trans\-aal will ce
decided later."
Adams Discharged.
WALLACE, Idaho. Nov. 19.— Richard A.
Adams was discharged to-day after a pre
liminary hearing on a charge of murder
ing William Kennedy and Daniel Kilgee
last week at Gem. The court held that
Adam acted in self-defense.
Millions I*eft to Relatives.
NEW YORK, Nov. lS.-The will of Am
brose McGregor, the Standard Oil mil
lionaire, disposes of an estate valued at
$4,500,000. «U1 going to relatives.
— —
King Oscar's Condition.
BERLIN. Nov. 19.— A sseclal dispatch
REFUSES TO DANCE
AT POINT OF PISTOL
San Francisco Traveling Agent Fired
Upon by a Mexican at
Madera. *
MADERA, Nov. 19.— C. E. Arnold, a San
Francisco traveling agent, refused to
dance at the point of a pistol in a dance
hall here this evening. John Watts, a
Mexican, drew his gun, and when Arnold
refused to dance, fired a shot at his feet,
Arnold was game and wouldn't jig. He
was then ordered to leave the. house, but
refused to go, although Watts kept tho
pistol pointed at him.
At the request of the proprietor Arnold
finally left. Just as he was going through
the door the Mexican fired another shot,
the bullet whizzing close to his head.
Watts was arrested and placed under
$1000 bonds. His preliminary examination
will be held to-morrow.
Will Resume Operations.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Nov. 19.— It was
announced to-day lhat the "Wardner,
Bushnell and Glessner Company, manu
facturers of agricultural implements, will
resume operations December 3. Seven
teen hundred men are affected.
Sarah Bernhardt Arrives.
NEW YORK, Nov. 20.— The French liner
L'Aquitalne. from Havre, on board the
which was Sarah Bemhardt. was sighted
south of Fire Island at 2:3S o'clock this
morning.
CHICAGO. Nov. 13.— The amelioration
of sociological, commercial and agricul
tural conditions through the medium of
goid roads is the aim of a nation-wide
movement which crystallized to-day at the
meeting of the Good Roads' Association.
B-Jsin^-ss men, wheelmen, engineers, farm
ers and even women from various parts
of the cour.tr>' participated in the proceed
ings.
From Canada came Andrew Patullo,
member of Parliament, and A. "vT. Camp
bell. Commissioner of Highways of the
province of Ontario — men whose advice Is
expected to be especially helpful in the
solution of the good roads question in the
T'nited States, as both have been foremost
In the working out cf the problem in On
tario.
The convention effected a permanent or
ganization, selecting "vT. H. Moore, presi
dent of the Interstate Good Roads Asso
ciation of St. Louis, as chairman and R.
•\V. Richards of Omaha as secretary.
Committees on programme, resolutions
and the drafting of legislative bills for
thirty-eight States were also chosen.
Harrison Gray Otis, editor of the Los
Angeles Times, read a paper in which he
d«-clared:
"The greatest boons which can come to
a government are civilization and educa
tion, and next to these Is good roads."
Mifs Rella C. Harbey, secretary of the
Interstate Good Roads Association, read
a report telling of the work of education
which has been carried on by the asso
ciation in the last year. She eaid:
"Some think we are working In the in
terests of some political party, though
they never fc-riow which; some think it is
a ?'*"• " " — •«« of some corpora,
tions «few give us
credit fo. . .e. What we
want throus-h p&ou ••. * more schools.
more libraries, more churches taking the
place of Jails and penitentiaries, more
beys plowing and more girls churning, to
make country life attractive, and to arrest
the tide of country boys and girls •which
Is pouring into the big towns."
Promoters Say They Are Agitating
for the Good of All and Not
Political Parties or
Corporations.
Nation-Wide Organization
Is Effected at
Chicago.
WORKING FOR
BETTER ROADS
Special Dlepatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, Nov. 19.—Construc
tion forces on the Southern Pacific "Gap"
are concentrated on the last big steel
viaduct at Gaviota. Five others have
been completed at Arroyo Honda, Alka
traz. El Capltan, Reujio and Concepclon,
all within a space of thirty miles. Sev
eral days will be required to finish the
present steel work. It has been reported
by good authority that an engine would
pass over the closed gap about Thanks
giving. This is earlier than was pre
dicted a short time ago.
The heaviest bridge work has been en
countered between Surf and Ellwood, a
distance of less than eighty miles * in
which small bridges across ravines and
viaducts across canyons are absolutely
necessary'. More than 100 small steel
structures have been put in. The upper
country through the Los Alamos and
banta Maria valleys was more easily
handled by heavy rills and cuts. The
largest fill known to railroad builders is
on this line above Lompoc. The road Is
complete as far south as Gaviota, ballast
haying been placed some time ago.
H. K. Judah of the passenger depart
ment at San Francisco is here to gather
data to aid in arranging the new through
train schedule. He says the road Is a
splendid one to Gaviota. and, though an
immense amount of work must be done
fi thls .?. n( l aftei \ the rails are all laid,
there will be a through service by Jan-
The overland traffic is to go by this
route.
The entire old line between Ellwood and
banta Barbara is being removed. Work
has begun to straighten the line between
\ entura and here. The old iron is being
replaced throughout with standard moun
tain steel. Curves are being eliminated
i. r v x \ me S A bl £ force is at work at
either end of the Santa Susana tunnel
and along the Chatsworth Park line. This
will shorten the distance to Los Angeles
cutting out heavy grades through a hot
section, and places the Oxnard district on
the main line.
Engine "Will Be Sent Over the Coast
Line, It Is Promised, Before
the End of the Present
Month.
Work on Southern Pacific
"Gap" Is Now Almost
Completed.
BUILDING THE
LAST VIADUCT
from Stockholm says It Is rumored that
King Oscar II has had two slight para
lytic strokes. His present condition, how
ever. Is not alarming. He drives daily
acd Is out of doors considerably.
-•
RXJSSIAN- REGENCY
DURING CZAR'S ILLNESS
Grand Duke Vladimir, Uncle of Nich-
olas, May Take Up the Reins
of Government.
PARIS. Nov. 19.— The Dix Neuvieme
Siecle to-day prints a special dispatch
from St. Petersburg saying that the phy-
Flclans having announced that the illness
of the Czar will continue some time, a re
gency is under consideration to act until
the Czar's recovery. The Grand Duke
Vladimir, uncle of the Czar, It is added,
is mentioned as Regent.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 19.— The high
est religious authority has sent a tele
graphic cammunicatlon to all churches to
hold special prayers for. the recovery of
the Emperor. All the churches in St.
Petersburg, Mcfcow. Kharkow. Kherson
and Odessa were already holding prayers
when the order was issued.
The Novoe Vremya says: "The atten
tion of the entire Russian people is rivet
ed upon the telegraphic bulletins from
Livlda. Fortunately the course of the
Czar's illness occasions no fear. His
youth is his physician's best ally. Rus
sians are touched by the expression of
foreign sympathy."
The Svjet. after remarking that "the
normal course of the disease has hitherto
been a favorable augury." says: "The
telegraph has given sincere expression of
foreign sympathy. Europe and the world
comprehend the role of the Czar better
than ever before, acknowledging him as
the first prince in the world and the
guardian of peace.
RIOT OF SANTA FE
LABORERS AVERTED
Train on Which They Attempted to
Visit Japanese Camp is Rushed
Through to Stockton-
STOCKTON. Nov. 19.— A riot was nar
rowly averted to-night at a Japanese
camp three miles east of Antioch. One
hundred and twenty laborers who 'were in
the employ of the Santa Fe ballasting the
road had heard the rumor that they were
to be discharged to-morrow and to be
cupplanted by about the same number of
Japanese that had camped near Antioch.
The men boarded a train for the purpose
of visiting the camp, but a through track
was secured and the train was rushed
through to this city, where the excited
men now are. v^=~—
Jones' Crime.
TEN YEARS IN PRISON.
Light Punishment for Thomas P.
RIVERSIDE, Nov. 19.— Ten years in
San Quentin was the sentence imposed
upon Thomas P. Jones, the Temecula
blacksmith, by Superior Judge Noyes this
morning, after Jones had entered a plea
of guilty to the charge of intimacy with
his own daughter, who wag"receritly mar
ried. Jones had confessed since his arrest
that this relation had existed for over
four years and as a result two children
had been born-
Jones has been on the verge of nervous
prostration ever since his arrest, fearing
the Infuriated citizens of Temecula would
yet carry out their threats to take the
law into their own hands. The prisoner
will be taken north to-morrow in charge
of Deputy Sheriff Hugh McConnville.
Cary Nicewonger's Surprise.
STOCKTON, Nov. 19. — Cary Nlcewonger
professed surprise to-day over the publici
ty given to his little trip around the block
the other evening in San Francisco. After
leaving the hotel he met a Stockton ac
quaintance, and his failure to keep Stock
ton retiring hours caused his wife such
anxiety that she unconsciously communi
cated her fears to the hotel people and the
police. As they arrived in the city on the
train that brought the papers bearing the
news of the disappearance their friends
were quite perplexed. The couple drove
about town this afternoon and bore no
evidences of having undergone an unusual
experience.
Cigarette Causes a Fire.
Yolo County's Oil Boom.
GILROY, Nov. 19.— A large barn on tho
old Reeve place five miles south of Gll
roy was destroyed by fire with its con
tent*, on Saturday night. The oluze Is
supposed to have been accidentally start
ed by a Chinese who was smoking a ci
garette while feeding the horses. The
barn belonged to H. R. Chesbro. The
contents included five horses, 1000 packs
of potatoes, 200 sacks of beans, five tons
of hay and two wagons, which were the
P^I e r ty 'r^ °- uon & °n Lung, the ChinesG
tenant. There was no Insurance.
WOODLAND. Nov. 19.-The oil excite
ment In Western Yolo Is at fever heat
and many "extravagant rumors concern
ing recent discoveries are In circulation
Last Saturday not less than twenty stran
gers arrived by train at Capay. They
hired teams and drove out through Hun-
Ki-' Hollow, making investigation! at sev
eral points. They left without disclosing
the purpose, of their visit and in conse*
quence there is excitement among the
farmers of that section.
DUKE OP MANCHESTER AND HIS BRIDE. FORMERLY MISS HELENE
ZIMMERMANN, A BEAUTIFUL AMERICAN HEIRESS. THE MAR
RIAGE IS SAID TO BE A LOVE MATCH.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO
TEL, WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— It was re
ported to T day that burglars who wished
to gain access to the forthcoming reports
of the Walker Isthmian Canal Commis
sion had entered the Corcoran building,
in which the commission has its offices,
and had broken open the desk of Lieu
tenant Commander Staunton, secretary of
the commission. Lieutenant Commander
Staunton when seen to-night said that
when he attempted to open his desk a
day or two ago he discovered that the
lock was broken. His impression was
that it was the work of burglars who for
some purpose were seeking to get ad
vance information as to the conclusions
of the commission. He sent for a lock
smith, who persuaded him that the desk
had not been broken open, but that the
lock had become disarranged in the
course of usage. Tne lnclaent created
great excitement among the members of
the commission, who are in constant
dread lest enemies of the canal get the
results of their work ahead of Congress.
The report of the commission is being
closely guarded, and it. is said that some
of the members of the commission are
a"s yet unacquainted as to what the re
port will be. The best Information ob
tainable here is that the commission cer
tainly by a vote of 5 to 4, and possibly
by a vote of 6 to 3, will recommend the
Nicaraguan route. This is based upon
a number of circumstances, as well as
upon statements from the commissioners
themselves.
There is no reason whatever for be
lieving that the Panama route will be
recommended, and it is sain on good au.
thority that President MeKInley has been
given information as to the most prac
ticable route, which he will use in his
message. This, in line with the report,
will advocate the adoption of the Nica
raguan route: the ratification of the Hay-
Pauncefote treaty: the construction of the
canal without fortifications and the adop
tion of tolls discriminating in favor of the
United States, Costa Rica and Nicaragua
only so far as coastwise vessels are con
cerned and leaving the canal open to all
the shipping of the world.
It can be stated positively that the final
estimates of the cost of the Nicaraguan
Canal have not been completed. Engi
neers are still working on that, whereas
long ago they were called off the Panama
work. The approximate figures of the
cost of the Nicaraguan Canal are believed
to about $150,000,000. The majority report
of the first Walker Commission placed
the cost at $118,000,000, and General Hains
signed the Ministry report In which he
gave It as his judgment that the cost
would be $133,000,000. The big Increase in
the cost over the estimate of the first
Walker Commission is due to the fact
that the canal is to have a depth of thlr
ty-flve feet— five feet more than that
recommended about two years ago.
Again this cost is said to be a rough
estimate of $150,000,000 for the Panama Ca
nal to be completed with locks, to which
must be added the figures at which the
Panama company will turn over its prop
erty and concessions to this country. This
has recently been placed as low as $25,
000.000. making the total cost $175,000,000.
But if the commission should recommend
the Panama route there is no likelihood
that the company would settle for any
thing like that figure. The commission
will resume its session in this city on
Thursday and It is expected to remain at
work throughout the week.
Mrs. J.. A. Woodson.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 19.— Mrs. J. A.
Woodson, wife of the editor of the Sacra
mento Record-Union, died this afternoon
as the result of a sudden Btroke of paraly
sis sustained this morning while she was
seated In a chair.. Besides her husband.
Mrs. Woodaon leaves one son, Frank M.
WoodEon. She was a native of Glouces
ter, Mass.. and 66 years of age. Mrs.
Woodson was held in high esteem by the
people of Sacramento and her death is
deeply regretted.
John G. Carter.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Nov. 19.— John G.
Carter, formerly of Boston, the Inventor
of a process for making a substitute for
rubber from cotton seed oil, is dead after
a brief illness. The process was known
only to Mr. Carter, and' unless he left
written instructions and directions for the
continuance of the work it is probable
that the secret died with him.
O. B. Green.
WOODLAND, Nov. 19.— O. B. Green, a
prominent and influential farmer residing
on the Sutter side of the river, about six
miles from Knights Landing-, dropped
dead yesterday afternoon. The deceased
was a native of Missouri and 63 years
old.
Father Kosario Nasca.
NEW ORLEANS, Nov. 19.— Father Ro
sario Nasca of Milwaukee, who became
generally known In connection with Ital
ian colonization plans in Alabama, Ha
waii, Central America and other coun
tries, died here to-day.
Hev. James Deigliton.
HUNTINGTON, Ind., Nov. l9._R ev .
James Deighton, once a noted London
preacher and an intimate friend of Spur
geon, died here to-day, aged 63 years.
H. N. Tracy.
PLACERVILLE, Nov. 19.— H. N. Tracy,
one of the oldest citizens and best known
buainess men of this city, died last even-
Ing after an illness of several months.
Charles Caughling.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Nov. 19. _ Charles
Caughllng, a prominent member of the
G. A. R. and marine editor of the Toledo
Blade, 66 years old. died to-day.
advised. He insisted, however, that there
had been false reports about the Duke of
Manchester: that the Duke had never
been encased to any actresses; tlfat he !•>
not a spendthrift and has not been as
notorious as reports would make him.
He had only the kindest words to say of
his daughter and of whatever she may
have done. The Duke of Manchester has
met Mr. Zimmerman at the seaside In
this country, and is not a stranger to his
wealthy father-in-law. Besides being con
nected with very many railroads. Mr.
Zimmerman is a larpe stockholder in tho
Standard Oil Company and local concerns
and one of the lamest owners of coal
and iron lands in the West. While he has
been a widower for many years, he is
known as a royal entertainer at his man
sion at -Mount Auburn.
Mr. Zimmerman later received a cable
gram from his daughter, announcing their
marriage last week, and he cabled back
his blessings.
When the Father of the American Heiress Hears the News
From His Daughter He Cables His Blessing.
yj ON"DON\ Nov. IS.— An inspection
I of the register of the Marylebone
j partah church to-day shows that
«-*— * the reported marriage of the Duke
of Manchester to Miss Helene
Zlnrnermaa cf Cincinnati is true. The
cremony occurred last Wednesday after-
D*on. The couple art- now In Ireland.
Vhen the Dowager Duchess of Manches
t«r was asked if the report of the mar
r'-igo was correct, she denied It abso-
Ittely, alleplnj? that tho announcement
Tas made at the desire of a certain pcr
sm who devoutly hnprd the marriage
vould occur. She evinced extreme dis-
I Measure a.t the Id*»a of her son marrying
Tliss Zimmerman. Subsequently the
I'owag-er Duchess went, to the church, in
:pected the records and found, to her
jreat surprise, that Cm marriage had oe
rurred.
Canon Barker, who ofScIated at the wed
fiing, relates how Mr. Lambart, one of
the Duke of Manchester's supporters,
¦when notifying him of the Dukes desire
to be married, described the prospective
bride as '"an American heiress with ten
thousand a year now iir.d unlimited pros
pects, as her father is one of the richest
men in America." In reply to questions
by Car.or. Barker. Mr. Lambart admitted
that the lady's parents were not aware
of the Intended rr.arnage. but as he pro
duced a license issued br the Archbishop
cf Canterbury, Canon IJarker could not
<5o otherwise than many th»» couple.
According to the Daily Mail, the mar
riage was the outcome of a lor.g and ro
mantic attachment, but it was only last
July, to use the words of the Duke hlm
eelf, that they discovered that they had
been in love with each oth*>r all the time.
"Then the Duke," says the Daily Mail,
"seeing: that many suitors were pressing
their attentions upon Miss Zimmerman,
claimed her for himself. The encagement
was announced, but waf denied by tho
relatives. Not being in a position to
marry, they decided to wait a while. A
fortnight agro llr. Zimnn-rman was ex
p^'ted to arrive in I*or.«lon. and thfy ha/i
decided to see him and to set his con
sent. He did not come, and therefore
they agreed to marry without delay. They
will sail far N*"w York next Saturday.
Thf Duke wish*t? it to be known that he
married for love. He has not asked and
does not hope for a dowry with the lady.
The couple will settle at Tanderagee."
CINCINNATI. Nov. 19.— Kugene Zim
merman, vice president of the Cincinnati.
Hamilton and Dayton Railro&u and a dl
rr-otor In several other lines, was much
surprised to-day on reading the cable
grams announcing that he was the father
ir.-la'w of the Duke of Manchester. He
stated that the press reports were all tha
Information that he had regarding the
matter and that he did not desire to talk
about the marriage until he was further
President Will Use Forecast
of the Report in His
Message.
COST OF CONSTRUCTION
Probable Vo'e of the
Isthmian Com-
mission.
NICARAGUAN
ROUTE IS THE
MOST FAVORED
DUKE OF MANCHESTER'S MARRIAGE
TO MISS ZIMMERMAN A LOVE MATCH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1900.
Fifteen-Year-Old Ella Dubose Met With Death at the
Masthead in a Recent Terrific Storm
on thp Atl^ntir *
FUNERAL SERVICES OVER GIRL
VICTIM OF AN OCEAN TRAGEDY
THE WRECKED SCHOONER, HER CAPTAIN* AND THE YOUNG GIRL
HANGING STARK FROM THE MASTHEAD IN BOSTON HARBOR.
REPRODUCED FROM A PEN AND INK SKETCH.
3
C/he Pay's PeadJi
Our made-to-order suits "^=^*iSlb^
for $13 £0 are like a good jPissPIP?
old story that bears telling [w f%£j
over and over agaia We S^l^
keep telling about these yjT/^V J fcw
suits, because they *^^tfwv$t/ Hfefrtw
are so popular; and MMw^M^ «K
their popularity is /i |f | ; | ' ; ISffli f H I iflMk
worth the price, and || H i> I I i 1 1 ¦ li 7 jjj i! y
then it is unusual to get Iffi j \AA \ It flW5| j J 1
made to ly|R||M
order for If 1 1 Iff
$13.5O Ilf \ pi
We have a full line of \ j$j| k x Jfj t
winter patterns awaiting t'feljlf |> .'ffll \
Out-of-town orders fitted — f; 5 \\W \l\ jlij! 1
writd for samples and self- I > ||1 lljjj || J
sftWooina)" I li I
718 Market St. and typ\ ifciiM I
Cop. Powell and Eddy Sts.This note is In the possession of the Bank of
England. It Is dated December 19, 1693. anft U
for KB pounds, but on account of Its age sam*
is made very. valuable. One of . the oldest and
most valuable stomach medicines before the
public is Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. For the
past flfy years It has been the standard of such
remedies for dyspepsia, indigestion, biliousness,
nervousness or insomnia. It will effect & cure
when faithfully Ukao. ¦,¦•¦',
Apple Snow.
Use pale green apples, pared, sliced and
stewed without sugar, In as little Water
an possible. "While still very hot beat
themsmooth with plenty of grated nut
meg, a very little butter and sugar to
make them very sweet.' At the very last
beat in a tablespoonful of lemon Juiced For
a quart of apples thus prepared whip the
whites of three eggs to the stiff est possi
ble froth, then beat well Into them two
t a blespoonf ula of., pale - brandy : and ? mix
thoroughly with the apples. Set in, a very
cold place until wanted. This may v be
packed in a mold and frozen. ;¦
It Was a Notable "We^dine.
It Is curious how seldom distinguished
converts to Home marry into Roman
Catholto families. The late liarquls of
Bute waa in this, as he -vas In so many
other matters, the exception that nrovea
the rule. Within a very short time of his
conversion his engagement to the pretty
elder daughter of the then Lord Howard
pf Glossop was announced. Miss Gwendo
len Fltzalan Howard was at that time *"
and was one of five lovely sisters of whom'
the others became In due course Lady
Herrles. Lady Loudoun. Mrs. Tredcroft
and -Mr* Mlddleton. The- marriage of
"Lothair" to a daughter of all the How
ards created an Immense sensation. All
fashionable and ecclesiastical London
mad .t A * ?£ lnt °, f being present, the more
so that the. celebrant. Monsignor Can-1
was then In the zenith of his rrlory, ani
to him was attributed the credit of the
bridegroom's return to the faith, not of
h s fathers. £ut. as a friend observed of
his grandfathers.— London Letter.
A Nobleman Turns Gamester.
¦With the death of Ix>rd Esme Gordon
popularly known as "Tea-Pot," a nick
name dating from his .Eton days his
younger brother, Lord Granville Gordon
known to. society as "Grannie," becomes
next heir to tho marquisate of Huntly
and to the chieftainship of the ancient
Scottish clan of Gordon. Lord Granville
like his two elder brothers, married an
heiress, the daughter of Henry Roe of
Dublin, who, however, by dint of extrav
agance, ruined himself and. Incidentally
his son-in-law as well, who was entirely
dependent upon him. Lady Granville Gor
don thereupon started a bonnet shop un
der the name of Madame Lierre In Jer
myn street. Piccadilly, while Lord Gran
ville himself took to keeping public gamb
ling, places, and on one memorable occa
sion made his appearance as such in a
police court, after being arrested in a
raid of the house of which he was man
ager and part proprietor.— Baltimore
American.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19. — The sixteenth
annual exhibition of the National Horse
Show Association began to-day In Madl
san-square Garden, and there were many
gToups of fashionably dressed men and
women there to greet the occasion. Never
was a horse show opened under more au
spicious circumstances, never one that
promised so great a crush during the week
as this. The animals that will be shown
are the finest In the country, and the peo
ple who will flock to the garden during
the week will represent society not only
of Ne-y- York, but of many other cities In
the East.
The beginning of the show this morn-
Ing was 'without great pomp. It consisted
merely in raising an orang« flag with a
black horse In I the center, the official
device of the association, on the main
flagstaff of the garden, and ' the sound
ing of a trumpet within announcing to
exhibitors that within forty minutes they
might exercise their horses in the ring.
Before the echoes of the trumpet blast
had died away the ring was alive with
hunters and Jumpers scheduled to be
Judged later on.
Gorgeous In Its many trappings of yellow
and black, the time-honored colors of the
association, and. Its myriad lights, the
garden was a delight to the eye. . .
: As the day grew on the crowds In
creased j until they promised to break all
first-day attendance records. -Everywhere
brilliant costumes were conspicuous.-
Among the occupants "of the arena boxes
to-day were. Mrs. Clarence Mackay, Mrs.
J. Lee Taller, Mrs. Joseph^ Wldener, Mrs.
Herman Oelrlchs, H Mlss Qerry, Mrs; James
P." Kemochan and Frederick .Gebhard. ,
There were 12,000 people at the garden ;
during the day and night r of whom the
THE POPE'S MAIL
Immense Number of Letters and
Newspapers Received Daily.
About 20,000 newspapers and letters ar
rive dally, all of which have to' be sorted,
opened and classified, and for this purpose
a special staff is kept in the Apostolic
Palace. The Pontiff is supposed to open
and read all communications addressed
"Sanctltatl Suae Leonl Papae XIII, Fe
llclter-Regnantl;" but as that would be
Impossible, even to a strong man, Car
dinal Rampolla, Secretary of State, has
it done under his direction, submitting to
the Pope tho most Important and press-
Ing communications. However, there are
some documents, the opening of which by
any other than the Pontiff, is. punished
by excommunication. These are ad
dressed "To His Holiness the Pope, Pre
fect of the Holy Roman and Universal
Inquisition." Also those which go
through the hands of the diplomatists ac
credited to the Vatican are read by the
head of tho church. _. TTT £'
Of newspapers Leo XIII each day
glances* through about seven or eight,
Italian- and French, also many translated
extracts from English, German and even
Russian ones, which have been specially
prepared for him. It has caused surprise
in many quarters that Leo XIII is so well
Informed about outside matters as he is,
as, of course. It would be supposed that
when extracts are made from papers only
what the reader desires cornea before
him. But the Pontiff is very shrewd,
and reads the | French and Italian jour
nals bo thoroughly that he has a very
good idea whenever anything is kept from
him, and insists— and has his way— on
having full reports.
This was the case with thawar In South
Africa. At first he was kepi in Ignorance
of what the English papers 'said, but he
soon noticed It, made Inquiries and after
ward followed the telegrams from day to
day with intense Interest.— London Tele
graph. .,. '." ; .':' '•¦ . r 4 ;- ¦?'.'-«•. '¦:'¦'.
Freaks of Electricity.
A few days ago an alarming accident
occurred In the Strand, London. By some
means the underground electric circuits
were, fired, with the result that the lid
over a manhole in the footpath was blown
high into the air. Large sheets of flame
then shot into the air for a height of
about ten or twelve feet, attended at fre
quent Intervals with sharp explosions.
The alarm was immediately given to the
fire brigade, who were quickly on the
spot, but it was Instantly recognized thai
their efforts were of no avail in the quell
ing of the conflagration. They conse
quently had to stand by and simply watch
the results of the erratic behavior of the
electric current. In a few minutes, how
ever, an electrician was on the scene and
he quickly subiugated the outbreak bv
9eyerlns the wires. Such accidents as
this are of frequent occurrence through
out the metropolis, but at this precise
point the number of wires Is great, which
made the incident far more serious than
Is generally the case.
EXHIBITION OF
BLOODED STOCK
Opening of Annual Horse
, Show at : Madison -
Square.
greater number attended In the evening.
This number exceeded the opening of last
season by about 3000.
"When It came to shooting a man out
Denver way in my time," said Bill Bniith,
dean of the guides, "the court's verdict
most always reflected public opinion re
garding the deceased. If it was shown
that the county -was well rid of him, the
circumstances of the shooting had little
t. right and the man who had been handy
with his gun was discharged, sometimes
with a vote of thanks. 1 mind one case
out there, though, which puzzled every
one and I didn't learn the explanation of
it until I met Jake Haskins ten yeara
later in New York. 1 don't want to say
ii. at the courts out there weren't pure
ar.d good and everything required by
justice. They were up to the average.
That didn't prevent money counting for
something, and It eyen tipped the scales
at times. The Haeklns shooting and sub
s<~cjuent trial proved this. The superin
tendent of the company's s=tore out there
was a man named Hyde, who hailed from
Bostou. Hyde was a civil spoken chap
und aside from the fact that he was too
particular about his dress the boys all
'iked him and in token of it they called
him 'Major.' -^^
"There was a rumor around camp that
Wajfir Hyde had left Boston suddenly be
cause of an angry husband: but no one
cared to investigate it. Nearly every
man in that camp had a past and as a
general rule we let them stay behind.
H asking drifted Into town one day,
shabby looking, but with a fc-ift of speech
that showed his education. Some of the
boys tried to pump him.. They found out
that he had been fa every big camp In the
West, but he didn't eeem to have any spe :
cial calling. We just put him down for a
tramper and helped him to live thinking
hr .would' move alone: when .he got ready.
Hasklns saw Major Hyde the second week
after he had arrived and the boys said
that after that he looked settled like.
Hvo> did not see Haskins until one day
wkfa he came Into the store. I wu there.
So was 'Black* Johnson and two other*.
Hyde hadn't no show. Hasklns Just
The Remarkable Defense
Put Up by a Denver
Murderer.
WHY HASKINS
DIDN'T HANG
walked right up to him and poked his gun
in his face. Hyde recogmized him all
light enough, but he. couldn't say a word.
He was facing sudden death and he knew
It. It was all done so quick that we
couldn't interfere.
" 'This will square it,' nald Haskins, and
he pulled the trigger. Hyde never moved
after he dropped and Haskins surren
dered peaceably enough. The Coroner's
jury found against him and he was held
for trial. Hyde had many friends and
Hasklns hadn't any. He didn't seem to
have any money either, and when word
went around that he had secured a law
yer to draw up his will and defend him
everybody around camp thought It was a
good joke. We wanted to do - the fair
I thing with Haskins and we asked him to
! tell us what he had against Hyde, prom
ising him that If It justified the shooting
we would back him up.
•" 'Hyde's -dead,' said Haskins, 'and I
have nothing- to say. It won't do you any
good to try to pump me. You might as
I well leave me alone.'
"There didn't seem much help for Ilas
kins after that and when we had told our
stories to the jury we didn't expect any
defense. There .was Hasklfis' own lawyer
from Denver, and. alongside of him was
another lawyer who had come all the way
from New York to help him. That gave
Haeklns good standing at once. It. was
I rumorfd that he was the -son of a wealthy
man, but neither Hasklns nor his New
Yoik lawyer would say anything about It.
"Well, sir,, that trial was a hummer.
The defense- showed - that Hasklns had
once had a sunstroke. They brought med
ical men from all over the country to
swear that he was temporarily Insane. No
such defense had ever been put up In that
country.. No motive was shown for the
shooting and it couldn't even be shown
that Hasklns had ever seen Hyde before
he struck camp. Some strangers with
money were very friendly with the jury
men, and when the verdict came In It ac
quitted Haskins on the ground that he
waa temporarily Insane- when he shot
Hyde. That was a wonderful verdict for
that country In those. days— and Hasklns
found it convenient to disappear as soon
as he was released. I ain't saying any
thing about the jurymen, but they -were
all flush of the long green after that trial.
Everybody "w'ondered where Hasklns got
his money and it was the talk of the
camp.
"I had most forgotten the case when I
met Haskins two years later In New York.
He hadn't changed much. He was work
ing then as a bookkeeper, he told me, on
a salary that barely supported him.
*• '1 suppose, Jake,' Bald lyafter shaking
hands, 'that you spent all your money on
that defense. It must have cost you a
pile.'
" 'It wasn't my money.' said Jake.
".'Some philanthropist,- I suppose?'
" 'No,' replied Jake; 'it was a life Insur
ance .company.' And then he told me the
Btory. all but the grudge he wiped out In
shooting the major. Hasklns made up
his mind two years before he came out
Denver way that It was his duty to kill
Hyde. He knew the consequences of It
might be death and he had a, small boy
to look out for. Haskins said he was a
widower and at that time he was earning
a Rood salary. He couldn't leave this boy
unprovided for and he did not want to hang
for shooting Hyde. What did he do? Why
he went to a life Insurance company and
took out a $25,000 policy so written that
after It had been In force for a year noth
ing could break It except failure to pay
premiums. Hasklns worked hard for the
next year and saved enough to pay two
years' premiums in advance. He had the
policy made out for his boy and then he
went West to- km Hyde. -When they ar
rested him he had his lawyer write the
facts of the case to the insurance com
pany and asked them If they would, not
rather help him- in his' defense than pay
the policy. They sent one or their own
lawyers out there with money to ¦ back
him. That was the way Jake Haskins
was acquitted, and I've thought since that
his abilities were wasted In bookkeeping-
He ought to be a financier, but after wip
ing out Hyde he lost ambition."— New
York Sun., . ¦
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Good. Attendance and a Fair Card at
Bennings.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— Spring-like
weather prevailed to-day, bringing out
another large crowd to the Bennings race
track! Results:
Five and a half furlongs— Lady Contrary won',
Medelmo second, Lexington Pirate third. Time,
1:10. - *
Six furlongs, two-year-old?— Sadie S won.
Queen Carnival second, Gracious third. Time,
1:15 4-5.
Mile and forty yards, Belling— Speedmas won.
Petit > Maitre second, Charawind third. Time,
Six furlongs, selllngr, for two-year-olds— The
Puritan won. Lecturer second. Novelty third.
Mile and sixty yards, maidens— Draughtsman
won Perlon second. Old Tank third. Time,
1:49 3-5.-
Mile and 100 yards, selling— Oneck Que«n won.
Oread second. Hardly third. Time, 1:51-3-5.;,. • ..
CINCINNATI, 'Nov. 19.— Weather fair;
track fast. Results:
Six furlongs— Passe won, Prince Esher sec
ond, Colonel Strathy third. Time. 1:14*J. '
One and a sixteenth miles,' selllngr— Clipsetta
won, Louisville Belle second. Exit third. Time,
1:49%.
Six furlongs, selling— Horseshoe Tobacco won.
Earl Fonso second, J J T third. Time, 1:14.
One mile— Isobel won. Guess Work second,
Brulare third. Time, 1:41. '
One mile, selling— Russian won, Dolly Wag
ner second. Ed Adack third. Time, 1:42^4.
One mile and 60 yards, selling— Chorus Boy
won. Sir Gatlan second, Charitan third. Time,
1:43.
MISS GAST IN THE LEAD.
Race at New York.
Women Start in a Six-Day Bicycle
Smith Wins.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— At the con
clusion of the fourth hour of the women's
elx-day bicycle race at the Clermont-ave
nue rink in Brooklyn, at 10:30 o'clock.
Miss Marguerite Gast of Brooklyn held
the lead with eighty-three miles and fif
teen laps to her credit. Seven of the eight
women who entered held the track. Aliss
Gast was .closely pursued by Miss Lottie
Brandon of Canada, who was only two
laps behind. ¦ ¦ •
The starters were Mrs. Emma Bayne,
the 3000-mile rider of Brooklyn; Miss Lot
tie Brandor of Peterboro, Canada, the
100-mlle champion; Mrs. Jane Lindsay,
Markenburg, Germany; Miss Marie Davis,
Bremen. Germany: Miss Marguerite Gast
of Brooklyn, the 2000-mile champion; Miss
Helen Sloan of New York, and Miss May
Petard of New York.
LONDON, Nov. 19.— At the National
Sporting Club this evening what was to
have been a fifteen-round contest took
place between Billy Smith of New York
and Bill Fielder of London, the affair
coming to an abrupt termination in the
second round with an easy victory for the
American. Smith scaled five pounds over
weight, but Fielder consented to go on
for a monetary consideration.
In the course of the evening Kid McCoy
was introduced. He waa well received
and announced that he Intended to spend
the winter In England.
Football Men Post Lookouts on the
Fence.
BERKELEY, Nov.- 18.— The university
eleven commenced secret practice on the
gridiron this afternoon. All outsiders
were excluded. " Half a dozen trusty
student "marshals" were seated on top of
the high board fence which surrounds the
field and kept all passers-by away from
knotholes. To-night the eleven com
menced work on the new secret signal
code to be used In the Thanksgiving
game. This practice was held In the
gymnasium.
Football Captain C. A. Pringle was out
In his eult this afternoon for the first time
since his injury several weeks ago. He
is In good form, although his leg Is still
slightly stiff from the Injury.
The practice this afternoon on the grid
iron was, as before between the first and
second elevens. Visitors were excluded
so that trick plays and the work of the
big team in general might be kept' secret.
Practice from now on will be held with
only the members of the two elevens and
coaches present.
. . »
PRACTICING IN SECRET.
Stanford's Football Team Flays on
the Falo Alto Stock Farm.
¦ STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 19.—
Coach Yost to-day .took his football squad
out into the pastures on the Palo Alto
farm for Its first secret practice of the
year. The men were glad to get off the
muddy field and went into the work with
a vim.
Captain Burnett and Guard d» Forest
are the only ones of the varsity squad
who are not- in condition for practice.
Quarterback Raltt is still absent, and it
Is not yet known whether he will return.
This year most of the seats are individ
ually reserved and the management hopes
to avoid the rush and crush of former
years.
The sale of tickets to-day was superin
tended by Graduate Manager Reno
Hutchlnson.
The varsity eleven went Into secret
practice to-day. They will not appear In
the open until next Monday.
FRACTICrN'G IN SECRET.
THOUSANDS SPENT
ON FOOTBALL GAME
Rush for Seats at the Opening
Sale— Both Elevens Go Into
Secret Training-
BERKELEY, Nov. 19.— The sale of tick
ets for the Thanksgiving day football
game commenced this afternoon at 1:30
o'clock in the armory. A roll had been
formed early. In the morning which men
signed and they fell In line accordingly
when the sale commenced.
The men entered through the north door
of the armory and the women through the
_8outh door. Only one from each door was
"let In at a time. After these had pur-
chased tickets they were sent out through
a. third door. and two more admitted.
Those who belonged to the associate
student body and had purchased season
football tickets were given the choice of
seats. Other* were not allowed this privi
lege. Much objection was made to this
arrangement, especially on. the part of the
members of the alumni, w}io felt that
they were not receiving fair treatment.
Many had purchased season football tick
ets merely -to help out the management
and they felt 'that this should have en
titled them to the same privileges as
members of tho associated student body.
At 4 o'clock this morning, about fifteen
wide awake young men gathered at North
Hall and waited to sign the roll. For the
greater part students did not sign until
late in the morning. Each man was given
a number which entitled him to a certain
position in line. The same arrangement
was made by the co-eds, who were almost
equal to the men In numbers. They gath
ered in North Hall basement and watted
forthours their turn at the ticket sellers.
• About 200- men and nearly as many
women were in line at 1 o'clock, but ow
ing to the wearisome slowness of the sale
the lines rapidly thinned out. In the first
hour and a half only twenty-five men
had secured tickets. An equal number of
co-eds made purchases, but as there were
two sets of ticket sellers the rate was
practically twenty-five to every hour and
a half. At 6 o clock the doors were
closed. Only 150 people, both men and
women, had secured tickets.
Out of this sale 11753 was taken In br
the management. This made the average
expenditure of each person something
¦over $11. Each person was only allowed
to buy five tickets, but in many cases
those "who did not want the entire five
tickets bought them for others.
Practically all of the good seats in the
covered section were sold and many of
the choice ones In the uncovered section.
Amateur Athletes Meet.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.—The Amateur
Athletic Union at its annual meetlnar to
day elected E. E. Babb of the New Eng
land Association president and J. Sulli
van secretary-treasurer. Barlow 8.
Weeks of the New York Athletic Club
Is at the head of the board of gover
nors and among the members ax© George
T. Wlllett of the First Regiment AtbJetlo
Association, Portland, Or.; W. H. Moore,
Seattle Athletic Club. Seattle; H. C. Coff
man. University of Washington. Seattle;
George K. Ames. Pacific Association; H.
S. Keeler, Pacific Association. A number
of records were allowed
AS the result of a auarrel over a
card game, Frederick Wollesen, a
foreman of the Chemical, Bone
and Coal Fertilizing Company,
lies at the Receiving Hospital
suffering from a bullet wound from the
pistol of Special Officer Frederick L. Car
penter.
W"ollesen and Carpenter were engaged
in a game of poker in the saloon at Sev
enth and Brannan streets yesterday after
noon. An argument over the method of
dealing occurred. Without; warning Car
penter pulled his club out of his pocket
and threw It at Wollesen, who dodged it.
Wollesen. enraged at this attack, drew his
jack-knife from his pocket and attacked
Carpenter, who drew a pistol and warned
Wollesen that If he persisted in his at-
tack he would shoot. Wollesen, notwith
standing this threat, persisted in his on
slaught and received a bullet in the left
side of his head.
The Bhooting quickly attracted a crowd.
The police- were notified and Carpenter
was placed under arrest. Wollesen'.-
wound was dressed at the Receiving Hos
pital. Doctors Dorr and Starr, however,
were unable to locate the bullet.
Carpenter will be detained to await the
result of Wollesen's Injuries, which,
though serious, may not prove fatal. Car
penter was formerly employed as a grip
man on the Sutter-atrcet cable road.
Wollesen's son called a$ the hospital
during the afternoon and will take charge
of his injured parent. This is nt)t Wol
lesen's first shooting escapade, as he car
ries the scars of a former imbroglio in
his right leg.
PRINCIPALS IN THE SHOOTING AFFRAY IN A SALOON AT BRANNAN
AND SEVENTH STREETS, GROWING OUT OF A QUARREL. OVER A
GAME OF CARDS.
T)rae-3-'U :1*: 5-16 :44: EH( 1:IL Bad *tart. Won ridden out. Second and third driving.
Winner. B. Pchreiher's b. f.. by Himyar-imp. Astolat. Buchanan took up the entire track.
Interfering with Litmus. With a stronger boy in saddle latter would have won anyway.
Ftart ruined chances of Billy Lyons. Scratched— Agamemnon l tt-A*KJ*gorl}*-^^J^X^^
$400.
Time— M -r.Vi- »i :5Wi: »;. l:17'i: mile. l:4i; Uim. 3:11; l%m. 2:40. Good etart. Won
easily. ' Pecond and third driving. "Winner. G. B. Morris" ch. g., by Locohatchee-Ssarg.
Ix>ooch<-*- listened to a camp fire council and was a good "Injun" to-day. Coburn also
saved much ground with him. Gauntlet looked for a chair three furlongs from home. Top
mast bandied his weight well. Eight pounds less fits him. D,are won't try. -Scratched—
TafiPan 1^6." --.— —Z~_r^^j~^-^.r^j-^_r^
Time— %. :13t4: *i. :35; *t. l:03\i: T/^l'JSXPA. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing 'winner G B MorrlV ch. c. by Imp. Fir Modred-Katrlne. Over a furlong from the
wire Mrxirine' faltered and looked beaten. He came again though, winning like a good
horse. Specific rag-timed it out in front for a long piece. He'll do. Greenock came from
nowhere, nnd was telephoning the leader at the end. Lavatnr ran a fine race : and Is a
pood "mudder." AndrW was a hot tip. Wedderstrand could not make Autumn extend
himself. Distant"* a hit short, too. Prejudice cut oft nt start. Scratched — Gonfalon 117,
Mwhanus 112. Wooeter Boy 114. Mortgage 102. Pat Morrlssey 106.
I^T.7. FOl'RTH RACK- Peven furlongs Opening Day hdep.: 8-year-olds and up: purse. $900.
1S."»S. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and Upward; purge. 1400,
Time — U. :;5H: H. '^' *«• 1:16 - Good start. Won first three driving. "Winner, Dr. H. ' B.
Rnwell'fi b. K- by - Morello- Deception. Pupil chased 'away in front with Pilot, and was
tired when collared by winner. Lomond bumped on hack -stretch. Montallade ran poorly.
Morella off poorly. Scratched— Campus 117, Whaleback.114.
i:t5!». SIXTH RACE — Seven furlongs; Felling: three-year-olds; purse. $350
Time— H :13; *4. :3S4: %. 1:04; & 1:31*4. Winner, B. Schrelber's br. p. by Boundless-Parolee.
Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving.. Boundlee played In luck. Nearly
every horse in race took a turn at bumping Sir Kingston on back stretch. Orayless made
a. game effort «nd dropped dead a/ter finishing. 'Wallensteln not a good mudder. Com
ing Kvent postponed. - ' . .
Eeconl race-Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse:
.... Cousin Carry.. .110 .... Quibo 113
1349 Argot 113 1332 Lilly Diggs.....ll5
1346 David S V.'o .... Bab HO
into the saddling paddock. A stronger boy
on the latter pelding would have beaten
th« Schreiber filly, • - • • ¦ ¦
Thomas II. Williams Jr., president of
the California Jockey Club, viewed the)
racing from the stand. Joseph A. Murphy
and Charles F. Price were also Interested
spectators. - , '
-Brown & Llper have one less horse to
provide for. After lighting it out gamely
with Sir Kingston for place honors in the
concluding event Grayless fell dead op
posite the seven furlong pole. He was
onlv a three-year-old, by Jim Gray-Fear
less, and a shifty performer over a muddy
track. , _. ,
The colors of J. F. Schorr and Charley
Ellison are pimilar. and many mistook
Specific for Greenock or vice versa. \
Following are to-day's entries:
First race— Five and a half furlongs: maiden
thrt-e-year-olds and upward; w>llinE:
1306 Tlng-a-Lingr ...1W Sam Howard. -.104
1013 Tom Sharkey...l34 .... May Boy lift
1306 Lew Zara 104 1342 Grey Bob 104
1C26 Mairnelone 109) .... Eight Dollars. ..112
Nemesis 104j 1294 Dlanora :..1O9
1294 Honduran 104' Plohn 1C4
Probable Winner.
First race —Grey Bob, Plohn. Sam Howard.
Second race—Bab, David S, Cousin Carry.
Third race-«-Gonfalon, Greenock, The Lady.
Fourth ,race—Hermoso, Horton, Hungarian.
Fifth race—Autumn, Rio Chlco. The Fretter.
Sixth race—Sad Satn. Screenwell Lake, Berdie
Stone.
Sixth race— Six furlongs; two-year-olds; eell
ing.
1331 Laura Marie... S3 134S Loneliness 99
(1346)Xelli» Forest... 86 1236 Sad Sam 99
.... Berdie Stone. ...105 1325 Picklow 96
1308 Irate 93 1341 Selde 105
im Chaste 89 1346 Dangerfleld ....105
1831 Scallywag 102 1346 Bcreenwell Lake 96
Fifth race— One and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and upward: purse: . .
1315 The Fretter 113 1357 Autumn .109
1336 Acrobat 103 (1347)Rio Chico 100
Fourth race— Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and upward; eelline:
1.1P7 Hungarian 1M, 1337 Matt Hogan S>3
(13T,2)IIermoso 115 (1330) Horton 110
1185 Olinthus 1101 .... ilaclaren .......10S
Third race^ — One mile; three-year-olds; puree:
1351 The Lady Ill 1331 Gonfalon 115
1357 Greenock 115 1238 Herculean .....111
Green Morris' Great Colt Carries Top Impost — De r
spite the Weather, a Large Crowd Is Present
on Opening Day — Talent in Form.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
Track Notes.
In the absence of J. H. Pettingill, the
position of presiding judge was ably filled
by Ed Cole, associate judge.__ Mr. Pettin
gill was due last evening and'will officiate
this afternoon.
"Dkrk" Dwyer's starting came in for
much favorable comment. There were no
noticeable deiavs. and the fields were sent
•way nicely aligned. Durinr his engage
ments on the Middle Western tracks. Mr.
lawyer was in the habit of using the re
tail liag, consequently he may haver felt
a trifle nervous without the bunting yes
lerday. However, his work did- not
thow it.
The talent made It exceedingly interest-
Ing for the booking fraternity, most mem
bers of the ring quitting behind. "Jim"
Davis, a very cautious penciler, lost Jl^uO;
Jack Atkins $2000, and George Rose's
losings were well up In the hundreds.
Ruiz will probably do some %it Sam Hil
dreth's heavy-weight riding during /the
term of Buliman's suspension.
D. S. Fountain purchased Montallade
from Gaylon Brown previous to the fifth
race, paying $300 for the gelding. Dave
bft «-nougli to win out the new member of
the stable, but his race was not a fetch
ing one.,
Xinete-en regular bocks and ' two field
books were more than enough to supply
the demand of speculators. The more the
merrier, for an excess number of layers
of odds'creates competition and the crowd
profits thereby.
J. T. Woods, the younger brother of
Johnny 'Woods, received notification v«*s
terday that he could accept mounts. The
little fellow was i-°\ down at Hawthorne
track, for rough riding. During over
eighty Oays of racing at St. l^ouis he was
insid". of the money 127 times, besides
winning the Club Members' handicap on
Pinochle and the Laurel and Midsummer
stakes.
Mitchell & Driscoll and . Fred Pesch
mere nfw firms laying prices.
It would look as if the punishment
iRPtetl out to Buchanan at Chicago for
rough riding had failed in its efforts. In
the two-year-old sprint, astride Merlda.
he zlg--zag*red through the stretch and
finally tried to carry Ransch on Litmus
AN Insistent drizzling downpour of
rain and a splashy course to race
over marred somewhat the re
k opening for the season of Tan
foran Park by the San Francisco
Jockey Club. Unfortunate though it was.
the trains conveying devotees of the game
io the trark wore crowded almojt to un
pleasantness, and it must be sai<i the new
orgrar.ization began operations under most
favorable auspices— the weather of course
excepted. A most appotizing menu of
events was served, the salient feature of
the eport being the impressive victory in
the handicap of Green B. Morris' 6uperb
Bir Modred colt Modrine, piloted by
"Mock" Coburn. To be sure, the distance
-seven furlongs— was quite to his liking,
tat In being apsiprn^'l 125 pounds by the
l.andlcapper th« three-year-old was asked
to concede lumps of weight to some very
fashionable mud larks. Withal, he closed
favorite over Sam Hildreth's Autumn
linally, with well defined plunges cutting
the odds against Andrisa. Greenock and
Specific. Given some trouble at the post
by Autumn. Starter Dwyer quickly re
leased the barrier to a pretty breakaway.
No sooner done than Dominlck, on the M
to 1 shot Specific, darted away in the lead.
Modrine trailing closely, I,avator a promi
nent tbird. This -order of the leaders re
mained practically unchanged to the
stretch, at which stage the outsider was
beginning to get limber. Modrine b
weigtit. too, was telling, but responding
to Coburn's rail forged ahead, and at the
•»rlre won by thr«=-e open lengths. J. Miller
came from far back in the ruck with the
Schorr entry Greenock, and in a desperate
drive lost the place to l^avator by a neck
only. Atidrisa and Autumn both ran dis
appointing races.
The Ipalance of the fields was somewhat
devoid of class, and it was not surprising
that three favorites were counted out.
The bolting ring wa.« liberally patronized
by a Iplg crowd, and nineteen layers of
odds passed out pasteboards to players.
Report had Duckoy working fast
enough in the mornings to capture the
initial pprlnt, so from 2 to 1 the Burns &
"Wateriouse entry was pounded down to
4 to 5. The bigr fellow had speed for a
Way, tiien pave 4t up. The Singer, played
from nixes down, strolled in leisurely
•head of Gllssando.
Eighi maiden two-year-olds next tried
cpnelu:fions over five and a half furlongs.
Barney Schrribers fiily, Merida. enjoyed
firrt call In the betting and won all the
¦way. litmus experienced no difficulty in
taking: the place from George Dewey.
Quite perplexing is Ix>cochee to guess,
bf he showed by the manner with which
his field was spreadeagled in the mile and
a half run. decided under selling condi
tions. Four . to one in profusion was
chalked against the Morris horse, and he
oh me in by himself. A dozen lengths fur
ther back Gauntlet, the even money fa
vorite, was hard ridden to defeat Top
mast for place honors.
Just a scant nose separated Sybaris and
Pupil 8s they breasted the tape at the
finish of the fifth event. Pupil raced Pi
lot to a standstill, when he was in turn
downed by Dr. Rowell"« horse. Lomond,
the favorite, ran unplaced.
Barney Schrelber's colors were again
carried to the fore in the closing number.
This time by Boundlee. Buchanan had
Um \(-k up, and in front from the jump
jiassed the judges a couple of lengths in
edvance of Sir Kingston.
BY F. B. MULHOLLAND.
TAKFORAK PARK, MONDAY. November 19. MOO.— Weather s howery^TrackBloppy^
).'t.-.4. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds; puree, $350.
Time— U. :25: H. :50; »i. 1:17. Goo* start. TVon easily. Second and third driving:. M«,
W. P. Ma«ran«'B b. *.. by The Bard-Minnie Andrews. The Sinirer pleased a large audience,
which bark'd with bis notes. Gllssando came from the brush, nailing the etopplnjp ra
vorite. Latter In nee.d of a race. St Anthony In bad position next the rail. He la cheap
at host. Fcratehed— Fnrmatu* W!>. MarFleenoc 109. •
INDIAN FIGHTER
IS A SURPRISE
Fair Sprinkling of Knock
outs at the Bay City
Athletic Club.
Torrid Mix-XJps, Climaxed by a
Bout Between Comanche Joe
Gregg and Charley
Hawley.
"Indian" Jo© Gregg, the Comanche
prizefighter, was the living, real sensation
last night at the regular monthly fistic
ehow of the Bay City Olub. His bout
with Charley Hawley, fast and furious,
went one round more than the- original
limit.. The extra round did not suffice for
a decision, Referee Lahey ending further
prolongation by calling the mix-up a
draw.
The Indian is no wooden Indian. He
fights like a demon and goes to his medi
cine like any white, sound-stomached
prizefighter. Crouching or rushing, he Is
always on the move and ¦ Hawley found
out early in the game that he had to
fight hard. This contest was a fitting
close to what proved a very torrid even
ing. . -
Frank Nell and Johnny Scott began this
programme and In a not exchange of
blows soon brought their mill to a quick
finish. Scott's career was ended by a sin
gle upper-story punch in the first round.
Joe Allen and Jim Kelly tore over the
canvas for four rounds, Allen getting the
decision. Kelly swallowed a full-course
dinner of punishment and when the four
rounds were over he still looked hungry.
Both fighters were exhausted from the
heavy work.
Johnny Ware and "William Snailem went
four rounds of even fighting. Ware dls
played a modicum of science which at the
end gave him the contest.
Joe Sullivan, smaller but tougher than
his opponent, Jim Carney, fought four
rounds, the former getting the decision.
During the fight he set loose a hundred
or two of stiff left punches at Carney's
top piece and stomach.
Peter Coleman lasted one round and a
half against George Merrltt. Then he
went up in the air, came down again,
rolled over once or twice and listened to
the referee tolling out the seconds.
W. Foster and William O'Brien, both
seconded by baseball players, created a
sensation. In the second round Foster's
left came upward. O'Brien's chin stopped
the blow and over he went like a log.
But he was up in a flash and fought tho
round out. At the end of the third the po
lice thought that O'Brien had dono
enough suffering to work his way out of
purgatory, so the' fight was called off and
the referee gave Foster the medal.
Jack Sullivan and Jim Ryan started tho
hoots and hisses from the crowd. They
went four rounds, Sullivan petting the de
cision, seemingly for no other reason than
that his face was forever falling against
Ryan's left glove.
The draw for the Wednesday mfdwe«fc
stake at Union Park was held last nlskt
at Pythian Castle. Sixty-four hourda wexa
nominated. Amonp them are the sai
lings Sir Crawford by Crawford Lad ont
of Blackette. Danger Line by Shylock out
of Kittle Pease and Ed McGarity by Mas
ter Glenkirk out of Chlqulta. Tfce drar
resulted as follows:
Midweek stake, sixty-four entries— O. l«n
non'B Sir CrawfonJ vs. J. Maher*a Cotton Ball;
B. Silvia" » Reannex vs. H. H. Gray** Terron
ette; W. Creamer's Onward vs. Curtis & Sons
Psyche; P. M. Clarkson's Flower of Gold vs.
Ruesell & Allen's Wedding Bells: Oeorje Shar
niar/s The Doctor va. Curtis & Sons' Cash:
Curtis & Sons' Roslnante vs. F. A. McComba
Frosty Mom; Curtis & Sons' Shadow vs. J.
Holden's Scottish Chief; Russell A Allen's
Scotland Yet vs. Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured:
£t«»rl & Knowles' Amarosa vs. D. J. Healy's
Danger Line: E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha vs.
J. Smith's Master Workman; C. Bonax's Wild
Norah vs. J. P. Thrift's Sir Hughle; Sterl A
Knowles' O'Hara vs. H. H. Gray's Bannock
burn; P. J. Relllys Moonbrtsht v«. F. A. Mc-
Comb's Crawford Lass; Pasha Kenrels' Rol
llcktns Airs vs. J. Dennis" Mike Fenton; P. M.
Clarkson's Golden Garter vs. A. Johnson'*
Mountain Beauty; J. H. W. Mutter's Cruiser
vs. Pasha Kennels' Risky Attempt: Sterl A
Knowlea" For Glory vs. J. H. McXell's Pearl
Mac: P. J. Rally's Plough Boy vs. J. Kee
nan's SleiKh Bells; Russell & Allen's Victor
Boy vs. G. Lennon's Jennie Noyes; R. B. Por
tel's Cannon Ball vs. Connell Bros.' 'Whlt»
Hat; Curtis & Sons* McKlnley va. K. Jones'
Daylight; D. J. Healey's Nlcas'.o vs. Connell
Bros.' St. Helen; Sterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold
vs. Pasha Kennels' Reachlnr After; J. H. Mc-
Neil's Ed McGarity va. II. A. D*ckelman's
Flyaway: CurtU A Sons' Kibosh vs. P. Jack
eon's Honor Bright; Russell & Allen's Stray
away va. \V. Creamer's Jeese Mcxirw; R. L.
Taylor's Beauty Spot vs. J. P. Thrift's Fonrt:
Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead vs. Oeorf
Sharman's Miss Skyrocket; R. E. d« B. Lopea's
Dairy Maid vs. R. E. d« B. Lop»z"a Sweet
ness: Maher & Reid's Nelli* Bawa vs. P. J.
Reilly's Peter West; J. Trade's Old Glory ?».
R. E. de B. Lopez's Wornbat; F. A. McCclnb's
Patriot vs. H. H. Gray's Commander.
Union Park Midweek Stake
Is Made Up of Hounds
of Record,
e
Three Saplings of High Breed Are*
Entered and Their First Work'
Will Be Watched With
Interest. -[U
FAST DOGS WILLS
RUN FOR HONORS
MODRINE TAKES THE BIG
EVENT AT TANFORAN PARK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1900.
Special Officer Carpenter Sends
Bullet Into Head of Frederick
Wollesen.
SHOOTING RESULTS
FROM CARD DISPUTE
. It isMlkely that salt mining may In tho
early future be added tc.the industries of
British Columbia. A Vancouver syndicate
has properties on Salt Spring Island In
the Gulf of Georgia wnlch not only show
good Indications of coal, for which bor
ings are being: made, but also .contain
valuable salt spring*;; v/. ., ; _
The Oldest Banknote.
I OSS. SECOND RACK— Five and a half furlorps: nulling: maiden two-year-olds; purse. $3no
4
Horse and Weight. Pst St. %. . %. Str. Fin. JocKcy. v- Op. HI. Cl. PI.
r30 )The Ftnirer wTl 2~^ TJ H 16 Kiley -,V..... ,6 6 7-J 4-5
1?« lOUjfando 109 S 5 7 2 4 3 2 '4 2 % . Enos ...... .. 6 2o 25 10
IS1 jDuckoy 109 14 12 1 >4 S 2 3 2 " J. Woods.... 8-B 8-5 4-5 1-2
1S24 iPwiftwatpr 109 6 6 61 3n 4 4 '& Stuart...... IS 60 60 la
IC« Racptto .109 7 2 4'* 62 5n 51 Mounce ..... 6 25. .» 8
1?« STrevathan W 2 9 8 8 8 5 *8 6 1 Coburn ..... 6 10 - 10 I
1S<2 Pt. Anthony 109 4 8 5h 6 2 6« 7 10: Domlnlck ... 2 8 -8 3
12.>3 Prorlamatlon ....109 6 3 8 14 7 1 8 8 8 12 J. Martin... . 1J -80 80 10
1348 iJolly Briton 109 9 7 9 9 9 9 Rueaell | 20 100 1W <<>
JocHeys.
' Op.
Hi.
¦1.
PI.
: po.
Influx jHorce and Weight. Pst St.
1S37 i?.I»Tida 105 f 7 1
K-23 ILitmus 105! 6 2
1325 'O^rjre Dew*y....lrt7 1 3
5S49 iBIlly Lyons 105 2 6
1?SS !L,urayo 10S 8 4
M1(«b Bunny 110 8 6
.... iMary Alice llM 4 •
KI0 !Rasp 105! 6 | •
V*.
1 H
2 S
B 10
S 1
6
%. Btr.
1 n 1 1
2 3 in
4 1. 42
3 6 S3
E 20 5 25
6 6
Fin.
1 l
2 8
8 1i-
4 8
6 40
6
Jockeys. Op.
Buchanan .. 1.
Ranseh 6-2
: Mounc^ 12
Coburn 8
Stuart 15
Fallehy IB
J. Woods.... 10
C. " P>.vl9 I 25
— Ketung 1
HI. Cl. PI.
8-5 8-5 4-5
" 7-2 7-2 6-5
12 13 6
3 11-5 3-5
20 20 8
75 75 20
15 15 6
100 100 30
Index !TIor*»>. Arc, W>tKht.
tta \fsicoch**. 4 107
nr.27) ircaiintlPt. 4 110
1T4S [Topmaot. a URl
1"47 !r>r. Marks, B 10fi|
1?T« jNrine Such. r. lOfil
1?47 !Par» II. 5 lOfil
1T47 !Tom Caiv^rt. 5...1CSJ
Pst;Pt.
TIT
7 7
12 15
i 4 ! 4
16 13
! 3 ! 2
I 5 | «
Std.
3 2
2 h
4 H
1 2
6 2
6 S
7
, Betting >
4. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1 1*4 1 10 1 12 Cohurn 4 B 4 6-5
2 3 2 2 in J. Wood*.... 1 1 12-5
4 5 3 4 3 6 J. Martin.... 7-2 7 7 11-5
3 1 4fi 43 J. Miller.... . 8 50 20 8
5 10 E 15 6 15 Mouncs 10 10 9 3
6 2 6 R 6 10 Vlokery .... 15 30 SO 9
7 7 7 Kllev 8 25 25 8
Index IHorw. Age.
IPoJ
WrlEht.lPFt'Pt.
«.
4. Btr.
Fin.
I L Bettlnjr ,
JocVeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
I
<-1?.17> !Modrin#, 3 .
(1343) ILavator. 4 .
JOrpenock. 3
1*17 'Opponent 5
1N6 'Andrisa. 3 .
(Specific 1 . 3 ..
(Autumn. 4 .
!Pr<"iudle». S
12V 2 I 2
1<i5t 7 4
1071. 6 17:
, ?7| it j 5
1091 4 6-
1041 6 3
114 1 I 1
: 111! S I 8
1 h
3 n
¦ g
4 1
¦ 7 5
2 3
6 2
6 U
2 3 2 2
S'i 3 H
8 1 4 1
4 1 B 1
K I 6 2
1 H 11
7 1 7 5
fi 1 R
1 4
2 n
3 1
4 h
6 1
6 Z
7 8
8
[Cobum 6-2 8 13-5 4-5
ITullAt 10 15 15 6
(J. Miller.... 6 10 8 4
inansoh 15 40 40 12
IMounce 10 10 4 8-5
Domtnlck .. 8 20 15 B
WedJprfifd 11-5 3 3 6-5
J. Martin... 10 20 10 8
I [po!
Ind»x iHorw, Age. "Weight. Pst St.
ir.3 ' Sybil rl«. 5 114 9 T
132rt 'Pupil, S 107 . 6 2
1315 'Pilot. 3 I'M! 3 4
1SH ILnmond. S v IW 4 5
1337 lAlas. 3. lWf S 1
irii ISweet <~aporal, 4.1091 2 8
«a iMftntallafle. a ...109! 1 3
1344 H Don't Know. ft. 114 " 6
ISS3 IMnivlia. 3 1M| 5 I 9
t Betting: %
V,. K. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
5H 82 32 lnsJ. Woods.... 8 4 7-2 7-5
lh lh 14 22 Wedderst'd 7 7 7-2 7-5
21 22 21 3 2 Coburn 6 6 6 2
71-72 7H 43 Klley ....... B-2 3 3 6-5
3 2 4 *i 4 H 6 2 .T. Martin... • 10 . 20 20 R
64 Cl 62 63 Dpmlnlck .. 10 80 SO 10
SB 86 51 78 Mounee ..... 5 8 8 8
4h 6«i 81'SJ DinKley .... IK 25 25 10
9 9 9 9 jLopue R0 60 60 20
1 - • l p °| - ' lr-
ndex Horse and "Weight. Pst St.. U- H. Str. Fin. Jockeys.
13*n (Bounilee : SS 54 In H4 11 12. Buchanan ..
1340 !Pir Kingston ....99 3 2 61 '6 1 4 2 2n J. Martin...
tOravlPSs 102 8 8 72 4 h- 2 »4 8 2 Weddersfd
1333 iDoubiet 105 46 4h « H 3 »4 .4.2 Coburn
j->54 jt'rchln 9^ 7 7 Sh Zh 6 1 5 5 Dcmlnlck ..
<933) IWillHMtrtn ...... 99 2 8 2 1 3 1 6 1 " « ' J. Waldo.'i.
1341) IComlnp Event ...101! 6 « -8 71- 7 8 75 Mounoe' .....
1341 ISllver Gartfr 1021 115h8 S 8 J. Daly _
I, Betting —
Op. .HI. Cl.
Op.
S-5
«>
7
7
.12
4
4
IS
- Betti
.HI.
%-.&
9
10
S
.20
8
4
SO
Ins
Cl.
7-B
. • 8
- 10 '
8
20
¦ S '
4
30
PI
pi!
3-5
-.»
4
S
-' 1
R-2
7-5
' ¦ 8
Index !TIor*»>. Arc, W>tKht.
tta \fsicoch**. 4 107
nr.27) ircaiintlPt. 4 110
1T4S [Topmaot. a URl
1"47 !r>r. Marks, B 10fi|
1?T« jNrine Such. r. lOfil
1?47 !Par» II. 5 lOfil
1T47 !Tom Caiv^rt. 5...1CSJ
Pst;Pt.
TIT
7 7
12 15
i 4 ! 4
16 13
! 3 ! 2
I 5 | «
Std.
3 2
2 h
4 H
1 2
6 2
6 S
7
, Betting >
4. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1 1*4 1 10 1 12 Cohurn 4 B 4 6-5
2 3 2 2 in J. Wood*.... 1 1 12-5
4 5 3 4 3 6 J. Martin.... 7-2 7 7 11-5
3 1 4fi 43 J. Miller.... . 8 50 20 8
5 10 E 15 6 15 Mouncs 10 10 9 3
6 2 6 R 6 10 Vlokery .... 15 30 SO 9
7 7 7 Kllev 8 25 25 8
Index IHorw. Age.
IPoJ
WrlEht.lPFt'Pt.
«.
4. Btr.
Fin.
I L Bettlnjr ,
JocVeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
I
<-1?.17> !Modrin#, 3 .
(1343) ILavator. 4 .
JOrpenock. 3
1*17 'Opponent 5
1N6 'Andrisa. 3 .
(Specific 1 . 3 ..
(Autumn. 4 .
!Pr<"iudle». S
12V 2 I 2
1<i5t 7 4
1071. 6 17:
, ?7| it j 5
1091 4 6-
1041 6 3
114 1 I 1
: 111! S I 8
1 h
3 n
¦ g
4 1
¦ 7 5
2 3
6 2
6 U
2 3 2 2
S'i 3 H
8 1 4 1
4 1 B 1
K I 6 2
1 H 11
7 1 7 5
fi 1 R
1 4
2 n
3 1
4 h
6 1
6 Z
7 8
8
[Cobum 6-2 8 13-5 4-5
ITullAt 10 15 15 6
(J. Miller.... 6 10 8 4
inansoh 15 40 40 12
IMounce 10 10 4 8-5
Domtnlck .. 8 20 15 B
WedJprfifd 11-5 3 3 6-5
J. Martin... 10 20 10 8
I [po!
Ind»x iHorw, Age. "Weight. Pst St.
ir.3 ' Sybil rl«. 5 114 9 T
132rt 'Pupil, S 107 . 6 2
1315 'Pilot. 3 I'M! 3 4
1SH ILnmond. S v IW 4 5
1337 lAlas. 3. lWf S 1
irii ISweet <~aporal, 4.1091 2 8
«a iMftntallafle. a ...109! 1 3
1344 H Don't Know. ft. 114 " 6
ISS3 IMnivlia. 3 1M| 5 I 9
t Betting: %
V,. K. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
5H 82 32 lnsJ. Woods.... 8 4 7-2 7-5
lh lh 14 22 Wedderst'd 7 7 7-2 7-5
21 22 21 3 2 Coburn 6 6 6 2
71-72 7H 43 Klley ....... B-2 3 3 6-5
3 2 4 *i 4 H 6 2 .T. Martin... • 10 . 20 20 R
64 Cl 62 63 Dpmlnlck .. 10 80 SO 10
SB 86 51 78 Mounee ..... 5 8 8 8
4h 6«i 81'SJ DinKley .... IK 25 25 10
9 9 9 9 jLopue R0 60 60 20
1 - • l p °| - ' lr-
ndex Horse and "Weight. Pst St.. U- H. Str. Fin. Jockeys.
13*n (Bounilee : SS 54 In H4 11 12. Buchanan ..
1340 !Pir Kingston ....99 3 2 61 '6 1 4 2 2n J. Martin...
tOravlPSs 102 8 8 72 4 h- 2 »4 8 2 Weddersfd
1333 iDoubiet 105 46 4h « H 3 »4 .4.2 Coburn
j->54 jt'rchln 9^ 7 7 Sh Zh 6 1 5 5 Dcmlnlck ..
<933) IWillHMtrtn ...... 99 2 8 2 1 3 1 6 1 " « ' J. Waldo.'i.
1341) IComlnp Event ...101! 6 « -8 71- 7 8 75 Mounoe' .....
1341 ISllver Gartfr 1021 115h8 S 8 J. Daly _
I, Betting —
Op. .HI. Cl.
Op.
S-5
«>
7
7
.12
4
4
IS
- Betti
.HI.
%-.&
9
10
S
.20
8
4
SO
Ins
Cl.
7-B
. • 8
- 10 '
8
20
¦ S '
4
30
PI
pi!
3-5
-.»
4
S
-' 1
R-2
7-5
' ¦ 8
Horse and Weight. Pst St. %. . %. Str. Fin. JocKcy. v- Op. HI. Cl. PI.
r30 )The Ftnirer wTl 2~^ TJ H 16 Kiley -,V..... ,6 6 7-J 4-5
1?« lOUjfando 109 S 5 7 2 4 3 2 '4 2 % . Enos ...... .. 6 2o 25 10
IS1 jDuckoy 109 14 12 1 >4 S 2 3 2 " J. Woods.... 8-B 8-5 4-5 1-2
1S24 iPwiftwatpr 109 6 6 61 3n 4 4 '& Stuart...... IS 60 60 la
IC« Racptto .109 7 2 4'* 62 5n 51 Mounce ..... 6 25. .» 8
1?« STrevathan W 2 9 8 8 8 5 *8 6 1 Coburn ..... 6 10 - 10 I
1S<2 Pt. Anthony 109 4 8 5h 6 2 6« 7 10: Domlnlck ... 2 8 -8 3
12.>3 Prorlamatlon ....109 6 3 8 14 7 1 8 8 8 12 J. Martin... . 1J -80 80 10
1348 iJolly Briton 109 9 7 9 9 9 9 Rueaell | 20 100 1W <<>
JocHeys.
' Op.
Hi.
¦1.
PI.
: po.
Influx jHorce and Weight. Pst St.
1S37 i?.I»Tida 105 f 7 1
K-23 ILitmus 105! 6 2
1325 'O^rjre Dew*y....lrt7 1 3
5S49 iBIlly Lyons 105 2 6
1?SS !L,urayo 10S 8 4
M1(«b Bunny 110 8 6
.... iMary Alice llM 4 •
KI0 !Rasp 105! 6 | •
V*.
1 H
2 S
B 10
S 1
6
%. Btr.
1 n 1 1
2 3 in
4 1. 42
3 6 S3
E 20 5 25
6 6
Fin.
1 l
2 8
8 1i-
4 8
6 40
6
Jockeys. Op.
Buchanan .. 1.
Ranseh 6-2
: Mounc^ 12
Coburn 8
Stuart 15
Fallehy IB
J. Woods.... 10
C. " P>.vl9 I 25
— Ketung 1
HI. Cl. PI.
8-5 8-5 4-5
" 7-2 7-2 6-5
12 13 6
3 11-5 3-5
20 20 8
75 75 20
15 15 6
100 100 30
0% 1 | & 1 fa £aflln & Rand Waterprrol
OS 8 Bit* Smokeless I'owder, la by*
I wm I i f|j an<1 1 oaded In ihella. S*nd
R B I IQll fdr catalogue of uportln*
Price 25 cents. All druggists, or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DE
FORD. 175 N. Spring st.. Los Angeles, Cal.
VTo will pay $25 to any on* who cannot b«
cured wita one box or VERU3 PILB CTTRE.
Price $2.
Over 600O cures. No claimant for reward.
"I am sura my case of piles waa as bad aa
any case could be. I had them fifteen yeart
and tried all sorts of remedies. I saw- th*
Verus Pile Cure advertised, bought a box. with
little hope of a cure. Imagine my sarprtM
when flvs applications eurad me. It ia th>»
best In the world. J. MORRISON.
"Salt Laka City. Utah."
VERUS PILE CURE CO., Re 226. Wilson Uloci
Or Ellington Drug Co.. A*ents. Ixw Angclaa*
CaL *
"I ha-re taken one bottle of Doctor Werce*«
Golden Medical Dincovery for indigestion and
liver complaint." writes Mr. C M. Wilson, of
Yadkln College, Davidson Co., N. C "Have
had no bad spells since I commenced taking
your medicine — In fact, have not felt like the
same man. Before I took the ' Golden Medical
Discovery' I could not eat anything without
awful distress, but now I can eat anything I
wish without havin; unpleasant feelings. Last
summer oar baby -wsls teething and waa so poor
he -was almost a skeleton. We gave him your
'Golden Medical Disovery' and now be (s as
healthy and well as anv child. I will speak a
good word for your medicine whenever I have
an opportunity."
Dr. Pierce's Pellets cure sick headache.
In the six day bicycle races the psc%
tells terribly at the end. Man after
man falls out exhausted. The victor
-wabbles wearily over the line. In the
business race it's the same. Man after
man drops out exhausted. The success-
ful man is often a dyspeptic, unable to
enjoy success. When the stomach is
diseased there is not enough nutrition
assimilated to sustain the body and re-
pair the daily waste of tissues. The
result is weakness, tendine to collapse.
• Dr. Pierce's Golden Mecfical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion and nutrition. It
enables the perfect assimilation of food
by which the body is built np with
sound, healthy flesh.
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
CUE ROYAL mm.
6c. Overcoat* aod
valises checked f r««
DR. MEYERS & CO, JHP%
Specialists. Disease ygpr
and weakness of 5e5z| -HL
men. Establiahed sj»
1S81. Consultation Wxk 3^*Jpi^
and private book vSf%, 1 /~L I
free, at office or by HilM i&C*rJ
mail. Cures guar- WlkZ&ZiP
anteed. 7:;i Mar- o6"HBfiinN'\3
ket street (elevator JL^^wS*s-G*?
entrance), S a. n .^Vy f^SzjtyS*.
Francisco. 'SSir'SwSSii
Paco
Teiis.Fatal.
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. 19.— William
Worthington, a young man of 24 ysars ot
age, went through on the overland west
to-day to the Los Angeles Hospital for
trcytment for a severe stab In tho ab
domen. There Is but a slight chancs that
his life will be saved.
Worthington was born and-rear«d In
Snn Bernardino, and is teaming for Hlcn
ard&on Bros., from Victor over -the moun
tains. Last night a German teamster
picked a quarrel with him, speaking dis
paragingly of his team, declaring, that
noi-e but Mormons from San Bernardino
drove for Richardson Bros. Worchin'to'i
refused to fight, but later in the nUrht
the German met him. at the stables and
stabbed him. The surgeon pronounce!
the wound fatal, but said there was a
mere chance for Ifls life by an operation
at the hospital and Worthington was la.
ken there.
Tho German, whose name Is unknown
escaped in the darkness and eludei a«-.'
rest, until this evening, when he was can
tu?:eti. '
Worthlngton returned last week from a
visit 'to his brother, manager of the ice
plant on the cruiser Philadelphia at San
Diego. His family is prominent h-»rc
Buys a Fairhaven Sawmill.
NEW WHATCOM, Nov. 19.— The R K.
Wcod Lumber Company," San Francisco
has purchased the Belllngham Sawmili
In Fairhaven from the Falrhaven Land
Company and will put It into shape for
operation. The , plant has' been idW for
ten years past and the cost of Improve
ments-, may reach $35,000. - The ml'.! ' viU
bf.Rin operations on March 1 and will cue
a minimum of 26,000,000 feet of lumber an
nually. Fred Wood, 'son of E. K. Wood,
will be the resident manajrer.
Teamster Keceives a Gash Which a
Surgeon Declares to Be
FATAL STABBING AFFRAY
AT SAN BEB,NABJDINO
BANTA ROSA, Nov. 19.— The Rev. "W. L.
Gaston. pastor of the Flret Baptist Church,
yesterday handed in his re«irnation, to take
pla.ee In February- Mr. Gaatoa cam* here from
VaileJo three year* a*o.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 19.— The resldenca
of Captain Frank Ruhstaller was looted
by burglars this afternoon and a case con
taining $900 worth of diamonds taken. The
family were at home when the robbery
was perpetrated, but It was done so quiet
ly that none of them were disturbed.
Burglars Steal Diamonds.
ZNTEBESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Changes and List of Pen-
sions Granted.
"WASHINGTON. Npv. 19.— Postofflce es
tablished: Washington — Roosevelt. Lewis
County, John C. Faas, Postmaster. Post
masters appointed: California— C. A.
Stuart. Citrus, Inyo County, vice M. H.
Church, resigned.
Pensions issued to-day: California —
Original— Richard Woelffel, San Jose. $8,
Paul Seeger. Santa Ana. $6. Increase-
John B. Pittenger, Los Angeles, $10:
Thomas Moran. Vallejo, $10. Original
widows — Kmlly Sprague, Sacramento. $8;
Ella J. Haney, San Francisco. $12; minors
of John Myer, Los Angeles, $12.
Oregon— Increase— Joseph H. Butler,
Gardiner, $8. Reissue— Charles E. Covell,
Portland, 510. War with Spain— Original-
William E. Smith. Fairfield, $6.
V/ashlngton— Original— Henry S. Cy
pher. Lyle. J6. Renewal and Increase-
Moroni McCrackin. Centralia, $14. Wid
ows — Elizabeth Muncey. darfield. 38. War
with Spain— Widows— Haute F. Stetson,
Vancouver. 512.
Finds a Mangled Body.
RENO, Nov. 59. — The remains of a man
were found on the railroad track early
Sunday morning a few miles west of this
city. A section man found a shirt and
part of a coat saturated with blood. He
followed the bloody trail and a half mile
from the first discovery found a large
piece of skull, a piece of rib and the heart
of the unfortunate. A short distance far
ther the mangled body was discovered in
the center of the track. It is believed
that the man hung by his feet from some
part of passenger train No. 3, as the low
er part of the body was not bruised at all.
Identification is impossible.
FIFTH FATALITY IN LOS
ANGELES STREET TUNNEL
Workman Killed While City Council
Is Hearing Arguments as to
Its Safety.
L£>S ANGELES. Nov. 19.-While the
City Engineer and the attorney for the
handsome Crocker residence on top of
the hill at Third and Olive streets were
wrangling before the City Council this
morning as to whether the big tunnel now
In process of construction to connect Hill
and Flower streets were a safe piece of
engineering, a mass of earth fell upon a
workman named George Russell, engaged
in timbering the face of the drift. Injuring
him so severely that he died at the Re
ceiving Hospital four hours later. This
is the fifth death that has occurred since
the tunnel was started and at various
times during ita construction public senti
ment has been wrought up to such a
pitch over the accidents that have oc
curred in it that further work on It nearly
had to be abandoned. Recently the sur
face of the hill which It pierces has been
caving in and the altitudinous property
owners have become alarmed lest their
households might slip into the maw of
the big bore. Among these is the mother
of Amy Crocker, who at the time of the
divorce from Porter Ashe brought her
daughter down here for seclusion and
caused to be built a stately pile which
overlooks the business section of the city.
The cave-ins that have occurred in the
tunnel, according to the agent of the
Crocker property! have endangered tho
residence, and to-day his attorney, Her
bert Brown, appeared before the City
Council and protested against the further
prosecution of work in the tunnel in the
manner In which it is being done at pres
ent, alleging that it was the opinion of
many expert engineers that the whole
thing would eventually cave in. entailing
an immense property loss and threatening
a loss of life that might prove appalling
were the tunnel ever thrown open to pub
lic use.
These statements were warmly contro
verted by City Engineer Oimstead. who
maintained that the work was perfectly
safe and denied that any competent en
gineer would decide otherwise. At the
same time he admitted that "the contract
had been let at a price so low as to make
it impossible to bore the tunnel In the
best possible manner. The contract price
is SSO.OOO. and the City Engineer claims
that to complete the tunnel . properly la
worth $125,000. The matter has been re
ferred to the Board of Public Works,
which will call in outside engineers and
make a thorough examination and upon
its decision will depend whether or not
the work will be proceeded with further.
Ice Is Moving.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 19.— Ice has
started to move down the Neva, and the
movable bridges here were removed to
day. Another indication of tne approach
of the rigors of winter is the opening: of
eoup kitchens In Odessa.
EPIDEMIC OF SMALLPOX
BREAKS OUT AT NANAIMO
Ten Cases Reported in the Town That
Supplies Coal for San
Francisco.
VANCOUVER. Nov. 19.— An epidemic of
smallpox has broken out in Xanalmo and
there are now ten cases of the disease In
th« Black Diamond city. Nanalmo is th«»
<-h5ef coal supply city for San Francisco.
Kxtraordinary precautions have been
takfn by the municipal and health au
thorities cf Nanaimo to prevent any in-
Timaticn of the pr*»F«?nee of the disease
leaking out. As loni? a^ro as last Tuesday
Provincial Health Officer ragan was noti
fied of the existence of several cases and
the rsurnber has been increasing from day
to day. All fears were at first lulled by
the report that the slig-ht eruption from
¦which the patients were Fufferlng was
orly chickpnpox. John Rogers, a miner,
rarrir? these marks on his fare and went
to c.-ork day after day in one orthe pits
of No. <> shaft of the New Vancouver Coal
Company's mine.
The first case to occasion serious com
rr.pm was that of Jacob Killen. who lives
<"*n Protection Island. Vrs. Benaski and
h*r s:x-day-old baby also contracted th«?
riiseaf^. Mrs. Benaf=ki is the wife of the
bicycle rider who a couple of years ago
was known as "The Big Swede." There
arc Beveral other ca^es and all are said
To have corae indirectly from passengers
srrivir.fr on PtPamers from the north.
MedicM Health Officer McLean and
Hralth Inspector Marrlon of Vancouver
practically established quarantine at this
port against Nanalno to-day. They met
thf sfarr.fr Joan upon her arrival on
fc«T Cally schedule and rigidly examined
every member cf the crew and all Van
couver-bound pas?rngcr«.
BOTH CLAIM THE OFFICE.
Two Men Acting as City Justice at
San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Nov. IS. — There are two
claimants for the office of City Justice",
and until the matter is settled In court
The city will receive double service for the
one salary. City Justice Cobb. who was
recently appointed to the position by the
Supervisors, has refused to surrender the
office to Owen D. Richardson, who was
elected to the place bv the Democrats.
Cobb has locked the. city courtroom and
does not even go Into it himself, for fear
Richardson might slip in and refuse to
vacate. This morning he disposed of th«
drunk list In the police station.
RJehardsorw has served notice upon all
the city officials that he is the duly
«-l*-cted Justice, and has warned the
Treasurer not to pay Cobb any more sal
pry. He has opened an offlce In Township
JuVtJce Wallace's court.
The trouble arises over the filling of tho
vacancy in the office caused by the. death
of Justice Gass. The tiupervlsors contend
their appointment holds until 1993. while
Judge Rhodes decided it expired as soon
2S a successor was elected to the va
cancy. Richardson was elected at tho
last election, the Republicans making no
nomination.
STIES HER HUSBAND FOB
SEPABATE MAINTENANCE
Troubles of Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Cos
tello Being: Aired in a Phoenix
Court.
P?IOEN*IX. A. T.. Nov. 19.— Suit for
separate maintenance brought by Mrs. J.
H. Coste!lo against toer husband was. on
trial to-day behind closed doors. It is the
old story of charge and counter-charge of
the breaking of marital obligations. Tbo
roal interest In the litigation, however, is
«.v.-ing to the prominence of Mr. Coetello,
:md th* fact tWat this is but one of sev
< ral suits.between himself and. wife. The"
former home was In Buffalo. N. Y.. and
their family affairs have been aired In tho
courts of that State and in Pennsylvania.
About three years ago Mr. Costello be
rame largely Interested fn Arizona mines,
.'ind he is at present president of the
Cobra Grande Mining Company, which
owns a very valuable propertv In Sonora.
ilerico. '.;..,-¦'
Bryan Still in the Eing.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 19.— In reply to a
mcrsa^e of sympathy Nathan Cole Jr.
has received the following:
LINCOLN'. Neb.— We are badly beaten, but
the nrht must gn on. I appreciate the loyalty
of the frlen<3s who went down with me.
WII.T.IAM JENNINGS BKTAN.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 19.— Testimony was
heard to-day In the Superior Court In the
broRch of promise suit of Mrs. Francc3
Buelna against John M. Ryan, a wealthy
farmer of Pajaro Valley, for $15,000 dam
ages. The- plaintiff testified that she wa3
born at San Juan forty-eight years ago.
She was married twice, but could not
recollect the years the marriages took
place. She is the mother of thirteen chil
dren. She said that at the second time
she met Ryan he talked of marriage, and
she said if she found a man who was
honest and would provide for her and
make her life happy, she might be induced
to marry ajraln. no matter how old the
man was. Ryan exclaimed that he was
the person who answered the require
ments. Then they both arose and shook
hands to bind the matrimonial bargain.
This was on August J>. 1838. She ad
mitted that she did not love him then, but
the more she thought of his promise to
make her happy the greater vbecame her
attachment for him. Believing in his
promises she kept house for him and
their relations became Intimate. Last July
the engagement was broken off. he re
turning the ring she gave him. Then he
gave her $100, telling her to do what she
pleased with it. Subsequently he visited
her at her home here, and promised her
another $100, saying he intended to pur
chase a home In Los Angeles where they
both could live.
The defendant's attorney aBked Mrs.
Buelna is she had ever sued a man for
breach of promise before, but the question
was ruled out. Ryan is about 65 years
old.
Action Brought by a Widow
Who Has Thirteen
Children.
SUES RANCHER
FOR REFUSING
TO MARRY HER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 19.— Two men were
thrown from the trestle above the bunk
ers In the California and Northwestern
Railroad yard at'Tiburon at noon to-day
and were burled beneath fifteen tons of
coal and wreckage of a coal car tha#
plunged over the end of the trestle. Both
men are alive and probably will recover,
though they were entombed fully twenty
minutes.
The accident happened as several coal
cars were being pushed up the trestle,
which runs over the coal bunkers. They
were in charge of John Krbini and Albert
Humbert. The cars had been pushed up
the steep incline leading to the top of the
trestle by the yard engine and were then
uncoupled and allowed to proceed down
to the end of the trestle, where the two
men tried to stop them. The brakes were
put on, but the wheels slid on the_wet
rails and the cars crashed Into the lwavy
bumper at the end of the trestle. This
was snapped like a match and the end
car and the men were thrown to the
ground, twenty feet below. As the great
bowlders of coal struck the ground tho
men fell between and were thus given
some protection from the tons that were
piled upon them.
The alarm was instantly given and a
gang of men set at work to dig out the
buried employes. The two were believed
to be dead until after a few minutes work
groans were heard. This caused the res
cuers to redouble their efforts, and in
about twenty minutes two bruised and
bleeding bodies were dragged from tho
debris and turned over to Dr. Scott of
Belvedere, who did all possible for the
unfortunates.
It is impossible to tell at present how
seriously the men are injured. It Is
feared that Erbini has sustained internal
Injuries. As the car went over It broke
in the middle and hajf fell to tho ground
on top of the coal and men, while the re
maining portion was held by its couplings
to the car on the trestle.
Death Defied- by Two Em
ployes of Northwest
ern Railway.
BURIED UNDER
TONS OF COAL
YET SURVIVE
and for a while she thought she would
have to jive up the army work alto
gether. Then she became acquainted with
the rescue work and found that just fitted
to her strength and taste.
Miss Farrington is 27 years old. She
first became interested in Salvation Army
work two years ago in Webster Groves.
She had from girlhood been a conscien
tious viorker in the Congregational church
there. When the army began holding
meetings in the town she attended. The
more she s=aw of the methods and results
the more interested she became, and the
outcome of it was that she joined the
army.
She went to Chicago and entered upon
a course of training for the work. Ever
since then she has been connected with
the Chicago division of the work.
PROPOSED CHANGES IN
SAN JOSE'S CHARTER
Bight Questions* Upon Which the
Garden City Voters Will
Ballot. ,
SAN JOSE. Nov. 19.— An election will be
held on Tuesday, February 5, to vote on
a number of changes In the city charter.
These were proposed after a conference
between city officials and the members of
the Board of Freeholders who drafted the
charter three years ago. There are eight
questions to be submitted to the people,
and It is claimed that their adoption will
make the running of the city mucn easier.
The most radical change is in ihe pro
posed street law.
The ilrst proposition Is a change In the
charter so as to allow the city to adopt
the State law governing special elections,
and the second Is to the effect that mu
nicipal election officers shall receive a
compensation not exceeding IS.
The third is to change the charter so as
to allcv the Council to elect a mayor in
case of a tie vote.
It is provided by the fourth proposition
that whenever the money in the cash ba
sis fund is sufficient to meet all the mu
nicipal expenses from July 1 to December
1 tho municipal fiscal year shall be
changed to December 1; also that the cash
busls fund can be used temporarily In
different funds, but must be returned be
fore the end of the fiscal year.
Number six provides that tho street
light fund is to be used only for light-
Ing purposes, and the lightning of the
various city departments must come out
of their respective funds.
The City Board of Education is given
authority to flj^the rate of tuition to be
charged outside attendants at the High
School. Permanent teachers in the schools
may be removed on the recommendation
of the City Superintendent of Schools and
the vote of a majority of the board, or
upon the recommendation of the Classi
fication Committee and a vote of four
members of the board; also for a cause
charged and sustained. Another clause
of the sixth proposition allows teachers
holding high school certillcates to teach
in the city.
No city officer, of any kind shall hold
office under county. State or national gov
ernments.
The eighth proposition is in regard to
the improvement of streets. It eliminates
that part which allows the protest of a
citizen to delay work six months. 'After
a contract has been let by the city for
the work the property owners affectea
have ten days in which to let private con
tracts. The contractor must give a sure
ty bond Instead of a personal one. After
an estimated assessment is made, the
Council can fix a day for the equalization
of the assessment. "Where the cost of Im
provement amounts to less than $25 it
mtiBt be paid within sixty days, but where
It is more than that It may be paid in
five yearly Installments. A bond so pay
able and bearing a low rate of interest
shall be issued against the property. In
case the payments are not made the prop
erty shall be sold as now. and the owner
have a year to redeem it in.
Fetaluma Ranch Employe Run Down
by an Engine.
SLEEPS ON THE BAILS.
FETALUMA, Nov. 19.— Charles Martin
was run over and dangerously Injured by
the northbound passenger train this morn
ing in this city. He was asleep on tho
track with his shoulder resting on on«
rail. The train rounded a sharp bend and
was only a few yards from the man when
ha was discovered by Engineer Jamos
Morning. The brakes were put on and
tho whistle was blown several times., but
the sleeper did not awaken. The drivintr
wheel struck him and crushed his arm
and shoulders and injure'd his head and
neck.
The- train was stopped before the engine
had completely passed over the and
Martin was removed from the track Ho
was taken to Santa Rosa, where he v.'a*
treated at the County Hospital. He can
no', recover. Martin Is a ranch employe
Several persons witnessed the accident
ami the engineer Is exonerated by them
frcm all blame.
EVIDENCE ALL TAKEN".
Closing Arguments in the Begerow
¦¦) ;¦;! Murder Case.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 19.— The trial of Fred
erick Begerow for the murder of Joseph
Cech is drawing to a close and the case
will be given to the jury to-morrow. Two
witnesses were examined by the prosecu
tion in rebuttal to-day. Herman Shutto
testified that on the day of the murder he
had a fight with Cech. It was this rov/
that caused Begerow to arrest "Bis
marck." His testimony was unimportant
Sheriff Langford was called and he said
Begerow looked as though he had been
drinking. .
This closed the case and argument wa?
commenced. Attorney W. L. Gill opened
for the prosecution. Attorney 'Herrington
will follow for the defense and District
Attorney Campbell will close for the
people.
THKOWN FEOM HIS BUGGY.
Marion Wadley Loses His Life in a
Lincoln Accident.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. il9.— A special to
the Eee from Lincoln to-day says: Ma
rion . Wadley, superintendent of the can
nery at Lincoln, was thrown from a buggy
a mile below Auburn last night and in
stantly killed.' "His companion. PtMatley.
also - was thrown from the vehicle, but
escaped i with slight injuries, it is . sup
posed that in the unusual . darkness o*
the night the buggy was pitched over the
steep bank of Auburn ravine, which runs
along the road where the accident oc
curred. -
Wadley was about 35 years of age and
had been engaged In the cannery business
a v lonr time. .He ; was considered an ex
pert cannery man and - always had re
sponsible positions.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 19.— Miss Florence
Farrington. daughter of City Col
lector Karrington of Webster
Groves, leaves for Beulnh. Cal.,
Tuesday to take charge of the Salvation
Army Rescue Home.
Miss Farrington is a lieutenant In the
Salvation Array of America. Since Jan
uary she has been engaged in rescue work
In Chicago and ether cities and has been
eminently successful in it.
Previous to last January she was en
gaged altogether Jn field work. Her
change was due to falling health. Miss
Farrington hes not a strong voice and is
not a strong woman. Consequently the
strain of her labor began to tell on her
MISS FLORENCE FARRINGTON, DAUGHTER OF CITY COLLECTOR
FARRINGTON OF "WEBSTER GROVES, A SUBURB OF ST. LOUIS,
WHO WILL TAKE CHARGE OF THE RESCUE HOME AT BEULAH.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. Nov. 19.— Captain A. F.
Williams, on trial for the killing of Con
ductor "Billy" Martin of Oakland, took
the stand in his own defense to-day. He
told the story of the killing In detail ami
went back to the time when the first feel
ings of hatred were engendered, giving
as the cause Martin's attentions to hU
former wife. Kstelle Williams. Describ
ing the shooting and the events imme
diately preceding It, Williams said:
"He turned the corner of the bar and
came north till he reached me. He called
me a vile name and whirled around facing
me. 1 said. 'You can't call me a vllo
name,' and with that he struct me on
the left jaw. It knocked me against tho
bar."
"What did you do?"
"I Jumped out Into the middle of the
room, pulled out my pistol and fired
twice.
"Were you formerly friendly with Mr.
Martin?" questioned Attorney Nutter.
"i'es, up to September 12. 1S95."
'"Did you have a conversation with Mr.
Martin then?"
"Yes; I said to Mr. Martin: 'Billy, the
neighbors in_ Stockton are all talking
about you and my wife, and the railroad
men are talking about you giving her
tickets and she riding with you so much
Now, Billy, I wish you wouldn't encour
age her to ride on your train and that
you wouldn't call at my house so fre
quently." "
"Did you afterward ascertain that the
relations between your wife and Mr. Mar
tin were unduly Intimate."
"I did."
"Did you ever hear of any threat* made
by Martin against your life?"
"Yes; Eva Mcrse told me that she had
heard Billy Martin say that he would
blow the top of my head off."
"Did you ever hear of any other
threats?"
"Yds: Mrs. Johnson said to me. 'Al. for
God's sake if you come around here where
Billy Martin is look out, for he is going
to kill you.' "
"Why did you shoot W. J. Martin?"
"I shot him because he came at me and
hit me and I thought thf.t I was in great
danger from him."
Williams' cross-examination closed the
defence and to-morrow the prosecution
will put In rebuttal.
Claims He Shot Conductor
Martin to Save His
Own Life.
WILLIAMS ON
THE STAND IN
MURDER TRIAL
Special Dispetch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. Nov. 19.— One of the
fiercest storms that ever swept over this
province has been raging for three da>"3.
Last night and to-day it was at its
height all through British Columbia, and
to-night reports Irom the interior are that
the snowfall is very heavy. The wind h;\»
blown it into drifts and many roads and
i runs are impassabie. seiners in dis
tricts that are not even remote have been
cut off from communication with the out-
Bide world. .Passengers on incoming
trains say the snowdrifts are piled up
several feet high along the tracks.
A great deal of suffering has been
caused by the sudden cold snap, which is
unprecedented for this season of the
year. 'The only death bo far reported i3
that of Patrick Roach, a mill employe at
the Canadian Pacific Lumber Company's
plant at Port Moody, twelve miles from
Vancouver. Roach was found this morn
ing a few yard3 from his cabin door,
where he had fallen and frozen to death.
He had left a tavern at the village at
midnight, and his tracks in the snow
were evidence that he took a very
rambling course oh his way to his little
cabin.
On the Chilcoten plains the Indians have
been in a half-starving' condition all
through the fall, and now they a*e In dire
straits.
The principal Inconvenience in the coast
cities is a famine of coaL There are lists
of unfilled orders a yard long in all the
coal companies' offices, but none of the
hard or anthracite variety can be ob
tained. Additional damage has been
caused to telephone and telegraph wires,
and the work of repairing is practically
at a standstill.
At Nelson during the windstorm last
night several Kootenai Lake steamers
broke from their moorings and were dam
aged. Log booms were wrecked.
SEATTLE, Nov. 19. — While no serious
damage so far as known has resulted, the
storm of Sunday and Sunday nignt ma
terially interfered with Puget Sound ship
ping. Five or six lecal steamers attempt
ed to leave during the storm, but had to
put back to port, owing to the severity
of the gales. Even to-day thdr masters
thought It ill-advised to venture out
again. All, however, left to-right. Among
the vessels forced to temporarily abandon
their runs were the State of Washington.
Fairhavei, Greyhound, F. D. Smith and
T. W. Lake.
Telegrams received last night by John
LJbby. manager of the Pugrt Sound Tug
boat Company, stated that the weather in
the Straits of Fuca and off Cope Flattery
was the roughest In years. For several
days it required two tugs to get a sailing
vessel, past the cape and through the
straits. ¦ To bring in the ships B. P.
Heney and Two Brothers yesterday it
was necessary to have the assistance of
four tugs. Even In sheltered Neah Bay
the wind reached a velocity of twenty
flve miles an hour for three days, indicat
ing that more than twice as preat a wind
was raging in the straits and off / the
cape.
Two schooners, the Stlmson and Bax
ter, both at Ballard. dragged their
anchors yesterdays and were all but
driven on the beach. To guard against
further danger two tugs were dispatched
to their assistance this afternoon. In the
straits and off the cape the gales were
from the •; northeast, usually accompanied
by heavy snows.
RENO. Nov. 19.— Snow fell to a depth
of a half-foot In, the hills near Reno to
day. The downfall in this city was prob
ably a half-Inch. The mountains west of
town received a heavy fall, which insures
plenty of water for irrigation purposes
during the summer. Snow Is now falling
fast here, with Indications for a continu
ance.
SPOKANE. Nov. 19.— This Is the coldest
November night ever experienced in this
eectlon. At 9 o'clock the temperature
stood five degrees above zero, and the
weather obsen-er says It will touch zero
before morning. A keen northeasterly
wind is blowing.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 13.— The rainfall to
day was only six hundredths of an Inch,
maklr k the precipitation for the season
.92. This, however, only refers to this
city. In the interior the precipitation has
been much larger. The storm does
apnear to be over.
PORTLAND, Or.. Nov. 19.— Ught snow
fell to-day over the northwest, and to
night the thermometer is at the freezing
point. At many points east- of the Cas
cades the mercury s close to zero.
FLOODS IN ARIZONA.
Out of Their Banks.
Heavy Rains Send Creeks and Rivers
PHOENIX, Ariz.,'*Nov. 19.— A continua
tion of the heavy rains in the north has
sent many creeks and rivers out of their
banks. Salt River Is higher than at any
time within two years. The water is three
feet over the Arizona dam and three irri
gating canals- are full. Fifteen miles
northeast of Phoenix the Arizona Canal
has broken through Its banks In several
places. NorthwestV)f the city Cane Creek
has come down in a' violent flood, washing
big holes through the canal. The water
is steadily rising and more serious dam
age is likely to cccur. At Plma half tho
town is under water.
Heavy Fall of Snow, High
Wind and a Falling '
Mercury.
FIERCE STORM
ON THE UPPER
PACIFIC COAST
MISS EDITH WALL, OF ANTI
OCH, WINNER OF THE DEM
EREST MEDAL.
San Francisco Snip-Owner Alarmed
Over the Non- Arrival of the
Schooner Carrie and
Annie.
\ +
Special r>Ie?atch to The Call.
TACOMA. Nov. 19.— Rich placer d!g-
Fings. discovered a month ago 100 or 500
Bines by water north of Nome, promise
to create another great stampede rext
"•I'sapr. Trie;.- are in the Cape Dyer min-
district directly north of Nome, be
tween Point Hope and Cape Lisborne, on
t^e Arctic Ocean. The news of th* strike
Tvajs brought doivn by Captain A. P. Mor
daunt of San Francisco, the original dis
coverer and recorder of the El Dorado
ir.ir.irg district in the Goiovin Pay coun
try. Hit* Echoor.rr. th* C.irrie and Annie,
v a.s ropponsibJe for the discovery.
Before leaving to-uay fcr San Francisco
O»pta!n MonJaur.t said he was more con
c.^rn^d about the fate of the schooner
than about the value of his new posses-
Fions. The vessel is a stanchiy built
Gloucester fishing boat of ninety-one tons
burden, which l«ft Nome for San Fran
c:pco The lart of October in charge of Cap
tn:n P. Forward. Captain Mordaunt was
to have come down aboard her, but owing
to seme circumstances as yet a mystery
to him th» Carrie and Annie set sail for
Nome prematurely with $10,000 worth of
coal and supplies bclnntfnp to him. He Is
now trrtax to locate her, and is somewhat
worried over her 'ate.
Shaking: of the circumstances leading
up to the discoveries. Captain Mordaunt
said to-day:
"My schooner had been chartered by
I-^ckie & Moore of Nome, owners of the
oral mine a.t Cap*. IV.sborne, to bring
(Sown a cargo of coal. She left Xome the
latter part of September, and through
etress of weather had to put in at Port
Clarence. "While waiting- there a delega
tion of miners headed by Frank Walters
crgagfd passage on her to Cape Dyer, a
point below the coal mine*. The schooner
was to land there on the way up and pick
them up on the way back. After four
days the schooner returned, having found
It imr^spible to prooure coal owing to the
stormy weathf-r. and picked up the four
men. To the surprise of everybody, they
msdc rich discoveries of placer grounds.
One nan in eight hours, according to his
own statement, had rocked out JS7 in gold.
"Walters reported to me that the coun
try was marvelously rich. He. the other
miners and the sailors on the schooner,
fourteen in all. staked about sixty-eight
claims, all showing fine prospects. An as-
Fociaiion has been formed at Nome for
the development of the properties, ¦with
myFe'.f as manager and Frank "Walters
and Frank Forward as trustees, the three
of us holding powers of attorney from all
the others.
"It w?s too late in the season for any
one in Xome to get up there this fall, al
though some may attempt to reach it
overland during the winter. It will, how
ever, prove a hard trip."
Mordaunt is manager of the Mordaunt
JIir.lr.g- Company and the Mordaunt Trad
ing and Transportation Company of San
Fra.iclEco.
Captain Mordaunt Reports
the Discovery of Rich
Placers.
FROBABLE STAMPEDE IN SPRING
GOLD DIGGINGS
FOUND IN CAPE
DYER DISTRICT
Daughter of an Official of One of the
Suburbs of St. Louis on Her
PRETTY NEW HEAD
FOR BEULAH HOME
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FOLSOM. Nov. 19.— George Puttman
was hanged at the Folsom prison this
forenoon for the murder of John Showers,
committed within the prison walls and
within COO yards of the place where h»
was executed. The drop fell at 10:03 and
Puttman was pronounced dead at 10:13'/..
The hanging was one of the most suc
cessful that has ever occurred at the
prison. The drop was a little over six and
a "half feet and Puttman never twitched
after the trap toll'. His torm' remained per-
Icctly riEfirt, the necK having been brotcen
In the fail. About lorty persons witnessed
the execution, including District Attorney
Baker and Assistant District Attorney
Wachhorst. who prosecuted Puttman.
Peter Donnelly of Kolsora fainted after
the drop.
Puttman kept his nerve well. He was
pale when brought from his cell, but
walked with a urm step and stood erec*
and calm while the noose was being ad
justed. He occasionally braced his
shoulders back and kept his lips and
eyes tightly closed, not looking at those
assembled afLer he tooK his place on the
drop.
Puttman killed John Showers on May
15, 1S93, with a knife made from a file.
Showers, the father of Abe Majors and
another mnn were convicted of the mur
der of a man at Los Gatos in 1882 or 1883.
Majors was hanged, but Showers turned
biate's evidence and was sentenced to life
imprisonment.
Puttmnn and Abe Majors were great
friends and it was to avenge Majors'
father that Puttman murdered Showers.
Puttman. was born in San Francisco
twenty-live years ago, his real name being
Martin McKean. He served two years n
the House of Correction and afterward
was sentenced to six years' in the Ne
braska State Prison for robbery, being
pardoned by the Governor. He was con
victed in San Francisco on December 2,
1895, of grand larceny and sentenced to
ten years at Folsom. rie would have been
released in June, 1902.
Law Avenges the Murder of
John Showers at
Folsom.
PUTTMAN SHOT
INTO ETERNITY
BY A HANGMAN
THE 8A2S KKAJSCibCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1900.
SANTA ROSA. Nov. ».— At a meettnr of tha
Republican County Central Commlttse to-&&y
SI. Cheney was indorsed for Postmaster at So
noma. He Is now Justice of the Peace at that
place.
Special Dispatch to Th« CaTL
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 13.— U the Metho
dist ministers of Los Angeles had munic
ipal affairs in their hands the fiesta
would be Immediately declared off. Min
isters of other denominations agree with
their Methodist brethren, who at their
weekly meeting this morning considered
the following resolutions:
Resolved. That we, as a body of ministers,
protest against the proposed revival of La
Fiesta.
Re*olved. That we Invite all ether workers
for the purity of our city and people to worlc
with us against this mother of crimes and
dissipation.
The resolutions caused much comment,
a few of the pastors being in favor of
the fiesta, but the majority denouncing
it in no uncertain terms. It was finally
decided not to adopt the resolutions until
thtre was positive proof that the fiesta
committee intended to carry out the car
nival along the old lines.
The consensus of opinion Is that tho
floral parade and other parades are harm
less, but that the festivities of the last
night, "all fools" night," are conducive
only to evil. .•
Rev. Will A. Knight said In regard to
the matter at the ministers' meeting to
day that -the history of former flestai
held in this city had been records of
degradation, the open saloon and the open
brothel. The keys of the city were turned
over to a false government. If It were
true that there was any intention of re
peating this thing, he believed the min
isters oueht to send a petition to Presi
dent McKlnley to come before such cele
bration were held or wait until It were
over.
Men oi the Cloth Fighting
the Proposed Carnival
at Los Angeles.
FIESTA MEETS
OPPOSITION OF
THE CLERGY
GAINS DEMOREST
GOLD MEDAL HONOR
Miss Edith Wall of Antioch Gains Fame
as an Elocutionist Overall
Her Rivals.
Is Successful in the
Final Competition
at Crockett.
Special DIrpatch to The Call.
j*^ ROCKETT. Nov. 19.— Some years
l'l ago Mr. Demorest. the founder o£
VV^v/ Demorest's Magazine, offered.
~ through the auspices of the Wo
man's Christian Temperance Union
of this State, a silver medal to the beot
elocutionist in each county. The terms
of the contest, though fair, were rigid.
Classes were formed and many success
ful aspirants were awarded silver medals
in the various counties. The successful
ones competed at this place on Fri.lay
night for a gold medal of honor, only
holders of silver medals being eligible.
Miss Edith Wall of Antioch was unani
mously chosen by the-Judges of the even-
Ing and is now the proud possessor of a
beautiful medal designed in gold and of
excellent workmanship.
BANTA CRUZ, Nov. 19.— Durlnr the recent
Btcrm the »and bar . of •>. Lasruna Creek broke,
letting wat*r Into the ocean. The result was
that thousands of trout were caught In the
gross by the fast • recedtn* water and, were
gathered In larx* auastltlea.
5
LION
OilCompany
Just struck a tremendous Cowing well.
Holders of this stock or of any other com-
pany In the Sunset District should send
their address to this office and get our
WEEKLY BULLETIN' with full particu-
lars of the development of this well and
all others in the district. We have an ex-
pert on ,the grounds constantly.
James R. T, Mershon,
PROMOTER
"LION." "MONARCH." "J. S. POTTS."
"PRUDENTIAL." VSUNSST CEN-
TER," "VESUVIUS" and the
"TIGER" Oil Companies, all
In Sunset District
SIIFINE HOUSES
-,-? ' — and —
CORNER LOT 137H FEET FRONT ON
' SCTTER STREET.
RENTS |22» A MONTH. V.'
$25,000.
MORTGAGE OF $20,000 CAN REMAIN.
Corner 50=Vara Lot
Scott, with Fine Marino View.
Price --only $5,000
THOMAS MA6EE & SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
5 Montgomery Street,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fji * ?;
ill Why not buy your rainy- £;•
;•'. day shoes now and be ore-ti
!?! pared for this weather? Wef.:
>• have a swell hijjh-cut shoe that ;;
:li is impervious to water. We *j
f- hav« it in three leathers — box :'.
.*¦ calf, vici kid and tan Russia f
fi; calf, each with heavy soles, jjj
:•; The entire boot is well made '?:
i[) throughout — we guarantee it £•
: ; : to give satisfaction. Price v
I ?3.oO. i
Vj Picture shows the box calf. ;
. Children's and Misses' kid 3
or box calf shoes in lace or ?:
5 button, with extension edee ?|
:'::{ soles — just the shoej for •];
5 school durinsr the winter — '?
I Sizes 6 to 8 ... $1.00 |
I Sizes % to 11 . . $1.25 |
| Sizes iij to 2 . . $1.50 •
;jjj; We will guarantee every '.
f£ pair — if they do not wear as !•
|"-: you think they should, brin* i
•v them back and try another '•.
;!: pair free of charge.
J \*^ FCJ!*ERt.Y LUCC.iS * *Vv »•"
J. * 832 MARKET 3T..SF g
\y. "K»affmaan'« Stejs la Lceki'i Shoe*.* /.'A CHANCE TO SMILE.
The longer a man stands still th» mor«
he doesn't want to move.— Chicago News.
"Dickey, did you go up and tell ?a that
Mr. and Mrs. Jones wer« here?' "Tea.
ma; he said he puessed he'd have to coma
down, but he didn't want to. -Indian
apolis Journal.
"I should like to sutwrlha tf.jow. pa
per. Would you be willing to take it out
n Co I unt e rj # edltor—"Oue?so: what's your
"•Tni'the undertaker."— Brooklyn Life.
"Did vou have any words with your
mlstreW which caused you to leave your
la "NTve?Twor-rd. BTrare. an" Ol locked
her In th* bathroom and tuk all me thimrs
and flipped cut as quiet as yez plaie."-
Harper*3 Bazar.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 13.— T. Dtcksca la
at the National: A. T. Rlddlnr la at th»
Raleigh: both of Ban Francisco. Jona B.
Blcknell and wife. Los Angeles, »r» at
the Sherman; Mrs. Seymour Wati?rhous«
of San Francisco, and F. Cutting and wife
of Oakland, are at the Shoreham: T. E.
Dwyer of California U at the Metropoli
tan; Robert C. Kirk of San Francisco.
Mrs. H. C. Kirk and Miss Kirk of Sacra
mento and Miss A. L. Bohyshell of Loa
Angeles are at the EDbJtt. *
CAUTORNIAITS EN" WASKDTGTO2I
When the party has been rid of those things Mr.
Catchings would have it load up with others. He does
not suggest going forward to find new things, how
ever, but advises returning and picking up some of
the things the Bryanites threw over. Thus he says:
"Revive the question of taxation; teach the Demo
cratic doctrine that people cannot be made rich by
taxing them; assail the favoritism and wrongs of a
high protective tariff; stand for the control of trusts
and combines by methods not oppressive; demand en
largement of the powers of the Interstate Commerce
Commission, and the liberal improvement of harbors,
and insist on local self-government, and let the next
Presidential candidate remain at home during the
campaign."
No one will deny that such advice is eminently re
spectable and conservative, but there is something droll
about the idea of reviving the fight'against protection.
Mr. Catchings is clearly still living in the mem
ory of the great days when a President of the United
States* addressed him a letter of national importance.
He would like to return to that time so full of dig
nity for him, and so indulges the; belief that he can
get the Democratic donkey to go with him. The in
cident is of interest as" an illustration of the kind of
leaders Democracy has, and what sort of men intel
ligent Democrats have .to. deal' with in trying to re
form their party. •
While all those things are being dropped Bryan
could of course be quietly dropped also, and Mr.
Catchings wisely leaves that 'to be inferred without
saying anything about it. Evidently he would' like
that particular drop to be made so gently that noth
ing would be said nor anything heard— not even a
soft sound like that of Dennis sliding to the mud.
"Drop free silver, drop fusionism, drop the cry of
government by injunction, drop the cry of imperial
ism and militarism, drop all discussion about the Phil
ippines until peace has been restored, drop appeals to
the passions and prejudices of the idle and discon
tented."
Mr. Catchings begins very properly by first telling
the party what it must get rid of. He recognizes that
it would be useless to try to build anything in the way
of salvation upon the fabric of the platforms adopted
by the party at Chicago and at Kansas City. He sayi:
MR. CATCHINGS' CONCLUSION.
PERSONS who have good memories will recall
that far back in the old days of wrangling over
the Wilson-Gorman tariff President Cleveland
wrote an extraordinary letter to "My dear Catch
ings." By reason 'of that letter the Congressman
from Mississippi attained a sudden eminence in poli
tics. He lived in the light of fame for a little while
and then sank back into obscurity. He is still, how
ever, in the land of the living, and also in Congress.
He has just made another rise to the light and has
attracted some attention by reason of a programme he
has put forward for the reformation, reorganization
and redemption of the Democratic party.
TRINITY CHURCH STEEPLE—Sub
pcriber. Oakland, Cal. The pinnacle of the
steeple of Trinity Church. New York City,
is 2S4 feet above the sidewalk.
* OPPONENT— E. B., Courtland.. Cal. The
word opponent Is pronounced as if writ
ten o-po-nent, with the sound of 0 as in
note.
HALF-DOLLAR OF 1S53— M. A. C. M.,
Woodslde, Cal. A halfrdollar • ' 1S53 with
arrow heads at date does not command a
premium.
HALL MURDER TRIAL— C. A. 8.,
City. S. II. Hall, arrested in San Fran
tlsco in April, 1SD1, charged with the mur
der of Ida Shaddock, was tried in the Su
perior Court and acquitted.
VALDA-Subscrlber, Oakland. Cal.
"Valda," recently published in the maga
zine section of the Sunday Call, was writ
ten by Julia Croskey.
A QUARTER OF 1S53-B. C. R., Chlco.
Cal. A quarter of 1S53 with arrow heads
&t the date and rays around the eagle
does not command a premium.
TRANSPORTATION-J. B., Napa, Cal.
Soldiers discharged at Manila under gen
eral orders in August. 1W. at Manila. P.
I., are not entitled to transportation other
than quartermaster's.
MOTH BALI>S— M. V. S., City. To take
the smell of moth balls out of garments
hang them where a current of air will
reach them, turning the garments inside
out occasionally.
j AUSTRALIAN SHEEP— A. S.. City.
The following Is the breeds of sheep raised
in Australia and the average production
of fleece at the age of three years, given
In pounds: Merino flock, 9; Lincoln. 8;
Border. 7%: Leicester, Romney and Colts
wood, 7; Hampshire and Southdown, 6Vs,
and Shropshire, 5%. .
NATIONAL HOLIDAYS— A. O. S.. City.
The United States statutes are slle.it
upon the subject of national holidays, ex
cept that they provide that as to nego
tiable paper, bills of exchange, promissory
notes, etc., the effect of July 4, December
25 and Thanksgiving day shall be the same
as that of Sunday.
THE CLAUS SPRECKELS BUILDING
— S.. Los Angeles. Cal. The Claus Bpreck
els building at Third and Market streets.
Ban Francisco, popularly known as the
Call building, contains 215 rooms that are
used for offices, and In addition there are
three floors that are used for clubrooms
and for a cafe. The cost of the building,
which" Is not a public one, Is not grven to
the public. .
THREE COINS— O. M.. Redwood City,
Cal. Dealers offer a premium of twenty
cents for a gold, dollar of 1857. They do
not offer any premium* for half dollars
of 1827 and of 1854. If you wish to buy
a gold dollar of the date given from deal
ers, you will have to pay from $2 to $3 for
one and for a half of 1S27 they will charge
from 75 cents to $1, while for one of 1854
they will charge from 75 cents to f 1 23.
WAITER AND STEWARD— A. W.. Ho'.
lister, Cal. In a first-class house where a
steward and a head waiter are employed
the head waiter has under his particulai
charge all the waiters and gives them di
rections as to their duties. The stewaid
has general charge of the dining-room
and all employed therein. He gives his in
structions to the waiters through the
head waiter.
STARS-M. C. W.. Vallejo, Cal. The
reason ' that there a*e five-pointed stars
on the United States flag and slx-polnted
stars on the United States coins Is that
the designer of the flag, followed French
and Holland heraldry and adopted the
five-pointed star, while the designer of
* *w« aarlv coins followed TTncrUg^ hpraidrv.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
using the six-pointed star. Since then no
one has thought enough of the matter
to have the stars on flag and coin con
form.
THE PALACE HOTElv-S.. Ix>s Angre-
Ie.«, Cal. Tho Palace Hntpl in San Fran
cisco has a frontage of T.o feet on Market
street and 3TV) feet on New Montgomery
street. It covers an area of nearly 2H
acres. It contains *50 rooms and cost,
ready for occupancy, about Jo.OOO.OGO.
COCK R AN— J. C. Port Costa. Cal.
William Bourke Cockran was born In Ire
land February 23, 1854. He came to the
United States in 1S71, taught in a private
academy, later became the principal of
a public school In Westchester County,
N. Y., and In 18TB was admitted to prac
tice law. As he had to be a citizen of the
United States to be admitted to practice,
he must have been naturalized a citizen
the same year that he was admitted to
practice.
CHURCH PROPERTY-J. II.. Merced,
Cal. The questions asked all depend upon
the valuation of church property In the
State of California at this time, and as
there are no figures giving such valuation
the questions cannot be answered. The
valuation of «uch property cannot be
given until the census returns on churches
are all In. That will not be for some time
yet. The valuation of church property
all denominations, at the census of 1S30 In
.California was $11^1.014.
PRESIDENT HAYESAND OHERAHD1
—A. W. K., City. There in no record that
"Admiral Gherardl ever snubbed Presi
dent Hayes on board of the admiral's sh'p
In Boston harbor, by refusing to allow th»
President to Invite persons to come on
board of the vessel without consent of
the admiral." Th* President being the
commander-ln-chlef of the army and the
navy of the United States would have a
right to go on board of any United States
man-of-war and give orders, which an ad
miral, being a subordinate officer, would
have to obey.
HOARHOUND CANDY-F. H.. City.
Hoarhound candy Is made by boiling hoar
hound until the juice is extracted, then
boiling sugar to a great heat and adding
the Juice to It. stirring with a spoon
against the side of the pan until it begins
to grow thick. It is then poured Into a
paper case that has been dusted with fine
sugar and cut !nto squares. Another meth
od is to make a strong infusion of hoar
hound herb in a pint of water, adding ten
pounds of lump sugar to each pint of in
fusion and boiling until it candles on cool
ing.
OF CHINESE PARENTS— J. W. Santa
Margarita, Cal. A boy born of Chinese
parents in California, if residing In the
United States when he attains his ma
jority and has complied with requirements
as to time in the State in which he is
residing, can vote Just the same as any
other boy born in the United Stated who
has attained his majority. He is a. ni?tv2
of the United States and a citizen thereof
He may however, on attaining his ma
iu lt /V h eleCt t^ adopt the citizenship of
he S co a urd er no a t n vot b e y reaS ° n ° f SUCh election
STARS AND BARS-J. S., City. The
Confederate States did have two flags
On the 5th of March. 1861. the flag com^
mittee appointed by the provisional <z*r,
?£VU he fl South , e ™ States rccommefdeo
that "the flag of the Confederate State,
shall consist of a red field with a whiti
space extending horizontally through th<
! Tidth" nf n t d hr i fl?L In dth to °ne-thfrd Ih
I v.wth of the flag, and a blue union with
white stars, one for each State » ?? „;.
first displayed March 4? 186?
ously with the inauguration of Lincoln
being unfurled over the State Houie at
Montgomery. Ala. In 1S53. the ¦ Con fed
cracy. by Its Senate, adopted a white flap
One of the oddities of the recent election is that the
banner Republican township of the nation this year
is Laurel Township, in North Carolina. It Rave 248
for McKinlcy and not a single vote for Bryan.
Robert Nixon and wife of Tr«ka are at
the Grand.
United States Marshal H. Z. Osbome ol
Los Angeles Is a: the Palace.
Murray Ir.nes. a prominent ml»»r at
Clifton. Ariz.. 1? at rise Occidental.
W. J. Ridfi, traveling passenger aj?ent
cf the Rio Grande Western! Is In town.
Wallace Dlnsmore, a prominent llarya
ville attorney. Is refrlstered at the Russ.
Captain J. G. Kevins, raanagrer cf the
Vallejo Ferry Company, is at the Grand.
I. A- Xadeau. generaJ agent of th»
Northern PaclSc at Seattle, la at the Oc
cidental.
Dr. B. N« Ward and Dr. J. C. Taylor cf
the United States Navy are stopping at
the Occidental.
E. A. Mott Smith, and wife of Honoluln
are at the Occidental. Mr. Smith's father
was formerly Minister to Washington.
Judge fllchard Tates. th» newly elected
Governor of Illinois, arrived la this dry
Sunday afternoon. Ha will go to one of
California's resorts for recuperation.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles W. Striae of
Philadelphia are at the Palace. Mr.
Strine was with the Ellis opera company
la.«t season. Thi3 year he Is with "A Ho:
Old Time."
B. Hlckey. readmaster or the Michi
gan Central Railroad. Is In tha city, th»
gTiest of Major J. Egan. He has been
attending the meeting of the Road
roasters* Association of America at Los
Angeles.
O. 8. Ereese. secretary of the Souttern
California branch of the California Min
ers' Association and associate editor or
the Mining and Metallurgical Journal, Is
in the city with a delegation from the
south, attending the convention of the as.
soclatlon. /
PERSONAL MENTION.
There is one thing further to be noted. When the
elections were to be held to take charge of the city
under the new charter there was found no difficulty
hi getting the foremost citizens to accept the -duties
of the government. Just before the candidates of the
various parties were named the Bishops of London
and Rochester, and '.he heads of the churches in. the
city, addressed the voters," saying: ¦
"We hope that candidates will be selected solely
Another conservative trait is shown in the extent
tc which old-time laws are retained. Thus the Chron
icle says the government act "is one of the strangest
examples of legislation on the statute-book. It is
legislation by reference — a mere skeleton of a meas
ure, which has to be filled in by consulting many
other acts; and for its' working and the conduct of
the elections innumerable acts, rules, orders and cases
have to be studied. Commissioners have been at
work upon it ever since it was passed, and such com
missioners are still holding ir.fluirics; and decisions
about the system of collecting rates, the control of
charities, and other matters, have yet to be given by
the Privy Council."
It is predicted that a good many years will pass
before the various boroughs become homogeneous and
the scope of their authority under the County Council
fully determined. Some of the boroughs are soqial
istic and have already under the old district boards
established a great many municipal institutions/such
as electric lighting plants, bath-houses and markets;
while in others the people will not even esfablish a
public library, and everything except government
itself is left to individual enterprise.
It must not be supposed that the new act is in any
way revolutionary. British conservatism was never
more strikingly shown than in the manner in which
it has reconstructed the capital. Had Americans
been set to work to rcdistrict the city for govern
mental purposes they would have abolished the old
medieval boundaries altogether and made the various
boroughs about equal in size. The British, however,
kept as many of the old parish limits as they could,
and there are many inequalities among the boroughs.
They vary in population from 336,000 in Islington to
50,000 in Stoke Newington; in ratable value from
£5,062,000 in Westminster City to £.322,000 in Stoke
Newington, and £4^4,000 in Bethnal-green; and in
area from 409 acres in Holborn to 9106 acres in
Wandsworth.
The act establishes twrnty-e!i?ht borough counrllB In
place of forty-two administrative vestries nnrj district
board*, and about W) minor and subordinate a'Uhorl
tl'-fl which are either iuperteded or absorbed. Tho coun
cils take over all the municipal work of tho vestries-^
cutting off the connection with the churrhes, which will
Btlll have their vestries occupied exclusively with ec
dwdttttlcal matterfi- ntjd will have a few duties trans
ferred from th» County Council with power to extend
their functions in new directions. The members of the
councils will vary from thlrtjr-flVS to seventy— exclusive
of Mayor. Th<-re will be lifA CouncHors and 2^3 Alder
rm-n In place of ovr-r 47.30 rnt-mbers of .the existing au
thorities. Th<j nomenclature connected with vrstrydom
disappears absolutely. There will be no more vestry
clerks, but town ckrkH. Vestry ofnce3 will be renamed
town hallK, with municipal buildings. There will be
borough cnglnc-erB, borough accountants, medical ofll
c*rs. etc.
IONDON" is going to begin the new century
with a new charter and a radically new system of
— * government. It will be indeed the first time the
huge metropolis has ever had anything like a consist
ent and harmonious government. In the progress of
its growth through the centuries the city has absorbed
a large number of communities, each having a gov
ernment of its own known as "vestries" or as "district
boards," and nil of these little governments have held
authority over their original areas, notwithstanding'
their connection with London. The new act abolishes
all of these old village and parish governments and"
reorganizes the city on a new plan. ' .
The London Chronicle, in describing the new sys
ttm, savs:
LONDON'S NEW CHARTER.
Such is the lesson to be drawn from the report of
the Commi??ioner of Navigation. The issue is one
that Congress should no longer hesitate to deal with.
It i« a foolish policy to pay to foreigners $200,000,000
annually to carry our exports and imports for us, and
it is high time a wiser policy were adopted.
TJie difference if due to the difference in the wags
rate and to the enormous amount of work British
thipyards carry on. Should our ship-building indus
try be built up bjr proper legislation and our ocean
marine be placed on an equal footing with the ships
of competing nations, we would soon develop plants
that would be able to construct ships as cheaply as
in any other part of the world, and that without re
ducing the wage rate in any respect. Protection was
needed to give our steel industry a start, but now we
produce steel at less cost than the British, while main
taining the high rate of American wages. The same
result would speedily be attained in the shipyards if
the protective principle were applied to our ships on
the high seas.
Details givn in the report show that the truth is
even worse than appears on the face of the statistics
as a whole. Thai the report says that "for serious
competition with foreign nations in the ocean carry
iT!g trade we are practically restricted to ninety-seven
rep;i<trred steamships of over 1000 tons, aggregating
2^0.320 tons. Single steamboat corporations in other
countries own greater tonnage. Japan has eighty
threr ocean fteamships of over 2000 tons, aggregating
786,200 ton*. He-sides the?e steamships we have 125
registered square rigged sail vessels, over looo tons
each, for th* deep sea trade. More than half of the«e
are over twenty years old, and as such vessels disap
pear their places are not supplied by construction."
The causes of this defective condition of our mer
chant marine are mainly two — first, the cost of con
structing fliips is higlier with us than with any of ou
great competitors because of the higher rate of wages
that prevails here; and second, because foreign ships
receive liberal subsidies and bounties to aid them in
the struggle for supremacy. It is shown in the repoit
that a freight steamship carrying 5000 tons cargo
costs in the United States $275,000, but can be con
structed in Great Britain for $214,000. notwithstanding
the fact that stee! is cheaper here than there..
Such showing is .itartling. The thirteen original
States of the Union have now less ocean tonnage
than they had a century ago, the whole Union has
now not much more than the original thirteen had
when the republic b-rgan its career. Our total ocean
tonnage is less than o/jo,ooo gross tons; that of Grea:
Britain it brer 14,000,000 gross tons.
A MKiimary just received from Washington of the
annual report of Commissioner of Navigation Cham
bcrlain shows the striking contrast between the two
c!a<.-es of «hips. The report says: "On June 30, 1900,
American documented tonnage comprised 23,333 ves
*el*, of c. 104X40 gross tons an increase of 300,000
ton*, over the previous year. Our maximum tonnage
*as 5.539J8IJ tons in 1861. Our shipping at that time
was larger than that of France and Germany, and
nrariy equaled the British empire. American vessels
are now almost wholly confined to the coasting trade,
which <mp1oyrd la«t yrar 4.^8.145 tons, or more than
the total tonnage of Germany and France. British
shipping now amounts to 14,261,000 gross tons. Our
tonn.igr in the foreign trade was oniy 816,795 tons,
ar.d carrird this year only 9 per cent of our exports
and imports. A century ago American shipping
registered for foreign trade was 669,921 tons, while
this tonnage now in the thirteen original States
amount* to 4#2.o/)7 tons."
WHKKK protection is granted it— that is, in the
• •¦¦¦. *:r.g trade — American shipping has had a
prn<-i*-Tf>u% yrar and has made a record of
energy and progress north)' of the greatness of th-^
ration. L'j>on the ocean, however, where no protec
tion or encourage- lent it given, the statistics of the
year ibow a condition of affairs that is altogether dis
credhaWe. In the coasting trade we have accom
plished wonder*, hut upon the seas our commerce is
still drjx-ndcnt upon the shipping of foreigner*.
AMERICAN SHIPPING.
We have in California no desire for a boom, but
we na«t do something to bring homeseekers to the
State, 50 that we can keep up .vith the East in the
procc«ion. When States like Iowa, Georgia and
Arkansas show a larger increase for the decade than
California there is something wrong.
continued to oppose them after securing
a nmninetlon. This Is clean joui-na.li.-iin
an<l the only war to right a wrony In any
poliilcf I party. If there were more such
nowf-papers in the State there woulu be
far less derelict officials and crooked
statesmen. It is a great consolation to
The Call to know that lt» efforts were
appreciated by the people and its judg
ment sustained at the polls. During the
campaign it gave Its support to Demo
crats for Judge of the Superior Court,
for members of the Assembly and for
Htate Senators. It pointed out the weak
points and defects in the records of Re
publican nominees, where such existed,
taking the same course pursued two
years ago by the Democrat In opposing
the election of Mr. Cutter. The Call pub
lished the record of Assemblyman Dib
ble, who was nominated again this year.
and It advocated the election of his Dem
ocratic opponent. Dibble was defeated,
as were other Republicans It opposed,
and to-day The Call stands on a firmer
basis among the good people of the State
and Is deserving of commendation.
During the recent campaign the Dem
ocrat on two occasions commended the
San Francisco Call for Its course in op
posing men for offlce who were believed
to be corrupt. It Is to the credl*. of The
Call that it opposed the nomination of
certain men who had been accused of
wrens doing while public servants, atrd.it
Maryrrtlle Democrat.
old Tammany tlper i3 lying on it3 back
s=tiff and stark, on a cake of !ce. The
eitphant is saying: "Oh, I don't know.
I'm not eo slow.
"Idylls of the King": "And the dead
steered by the dumb went upward with
th» flood. 1 "
There is also much humor In another
cartoon in the same Issue of. The Call,
which represents the Republican ele
phant dancing hilariously while the- poor
There Is much grim humor in Thp
Call's two cartoons published oa the Cay
following the election. The one repre-
Bentlcgr Bryan en his voyage up Salt
Ri\-er is a work of genius. The cartoon
represents Bryan upon a catafalque cf
Ice, aboard a royal barge, "beautiful la
death." with 15 to 1 on the bangle wh'ch
adorns his right arm, his left hand
clutching a ecroll labeled '"anti-prosperi
ty." and his body covered with the sfcln
of Tammany's tiger. The swanlike prow
on the barge is adorned with Choker's
face for its figurehead, and at the helra
ia the ancient, bego?er!ed ¦plaster. Miss
Democracy. The whole Is taken from
Toby Rosenthal's celebrated picture
"Elaine," painted In San Francisco,
which was stolen and has a unique his
tory. Beneath th© cartoon are tha words
from Tennyson's "Elaine," found in thd
Eureka Stao<!aM.
Commendation for Opposition to
Corrupt Nominees fop
Office.
THE CALL AND THE CAMPAIGN
Cartoons That Hit the Nail on
the Head and Held the
Fancy.
<Tt SS degrees west of Green-artch. This
would have made the center of popula
tion of the United States Just two ml!**
due north of Seymocr In Jacicsor: Cctin
ty. Ind. From this as»-ia:ed base tie
verifications were ina<2e and the trse cen
ter was located.
The movement of the center has b*+r.
steadily westward. On the accorsyaRy
lns map it? aairiT*rine march toward
the west, with occasional dips to the
south and tfce riirth. Is %howz. In 17V>
it was east of Baltir^ore twenty miles.
In ten years It had moved forty miles
westward. Tfce annexation of Loclsana
brotrs?bt It sosth and west, and In 1?3>
it was sixteen m!!« north cf Woodst-**.
In \m the ptoce»r3 cf the West
brorscht It north, ard in ZSSfl it had moved
fctnn ag^Jn. Texas had cense Into ts»
tTnlcs. The growth of the rreaz West
ha-i switched it back to the North la
W. and it waj near Chilllcoth*. Ohio.
War redeced the population of th» South
In the de«ade between li»> and 1*7>. and
the center moved north near to Cincin
nati. In another «!(*cade It had cleared
Cindr.-atl In its westward progress and
in Wi't It had settled in Central Southern
Indiana,
The past ten years has carried the cen
?er rrestward about twenty miles and
rcrthward about seven mOes.
/-v INCE 1EM the j center of population
of the United States has shifted a
little to the north and a little to the
west. It Is still In the State or In
diana, not far from Columbus, the capi
tal of Bartholomew Cour.tr, In the south
ern central part cf the State.
In time, with the Increase of pop
ulation ¦which is coining for the North
west, it may shift to Chicago. It Is by
no means impossible that changes in tb*
growth of the population will bring the
center, even if it !e carried we«t of the
west shore of LaXe Michigan, back to
Chicago, where it will remain nxed In
definitely.
The center of population Is the center
of gravity of the population of the coun
try, each individual bein? assumed to
have the same weight. The method of
determining that center Is as follows:
The population of the country Is first
dsEtribute'J by "square degrees." as the
area included between consecutive par
allels and meridians is designated. A
roint Is then assumed tentatively as the
center, and the corrections in latitude
and longitude to this tentative position
ar«» computed. In 1S50 the center was
assumed to be at the Intersection of the
parallel of 35 degrees, with the meridian
MAP SHOVTTSG WESTWARD MOVEMENT OF THE CENTER OF POPU
LATION FTft)M EAST OF BALTIMORE IN 1750 TO WEST OF COLUM
BUS. IN'D.. WHERE IT NOW 13.
There can be no valid objection to the creation of a
Department of Commerce, and from the mining
States no objection will be made; but the need of
such a department is not greater than that for a De
partment of Mines. Mining is one of the great indus
tries of the Union. It is carried on to some extent in
almost every State. It employs thousands of men and
many millions of capital. Its output is increasing
from year to year, and the methods by which it is
carried on are becoming more and more complex.
Nevertheless the Government's relations with the in
dustry are scattered :hrough several departments and
divided among many bureaus. Jt is impossible to
adequately supervise and promote the industry so
long as that condition prevails. The creation of a
Department of Mines is therefore as important as that
of a Department of Commerce. At the very least
there should be a Mining Bureau having full charge
of all governmental dealings with the industry, and
the present is a good time for mining men to urge the
reform with all the power at their command.
For a long time the merchants and manufacturers
of the East have sought the creation of a department
to supervise those great interests. The Philadejphia
platform expressly declares for such an increase of the
Cabinet. The plank says: "In the interest of our
expanding commerce we recommend that Congress
create a Department of Commerce and Industries in
charge of a Secretary with a seat in the Cabinet. The
United States consular system should be reorganized
under the supervision of this new department upon
«=uch a basis of appointment as will render it more
serviceable to the nation's increasing trade."
The number anc? the variety of reforms that are re
quired to give our laws a character that will promote
mining rather than hamper :t renders the occasion
a fitting or.c to rent*- the agitation for the creation
rf a national Department of Mine3 2nd .Mining to
take charge of the whole subject and bring all of our
laws and statutes into a harmonious system. It is al
together likely that a strong movement will be made
toward a reconstruction of the governmental depart
ments of the nation either this winter or during the
next Congress, and that will give a further aid to the
plan for establishing a Department of Mines.
AT every gathering the miners of California find
before them in their annual conventions many
matters of importance to engage their atten
tion and much in the -.vay of urgent work, to be done
Hardly at ar.y time, however, have graver questions
confronted them th2n these with which they have now
to deal. There is need of something like a radical re
vision of all the mining laws, and it is from the miners
themselves that both the Legislature and Congress
expect enlightenment to guide them in the work.
THE MINERS' CONVENTION.
The burning of negroes by lynchers has gone just
about as far z$ this country caa endure, and if the
States do not devise some means of checking the
barbarity the nation will have to take a hand, even
if it require 2 constitutional amendment to enable
Uncle Sam to do so.
TUESDAY. ...NOVEMBER 20, \y»
pKM D SFRECKcL^. ft&pfatx.
tt-ir**i * Os-it.!.' >fjy«*o 'V. £. LE*K£. l/«n« 2 er.
MA^ACKRl orFICE Tel *-f>fao»^ P^^»^ J8f>*
Fini-ICATIO!f OFFTCK...M«rU*t an4 Tblrd. S. F.
»:r»iTonT4i. boom* 21T to 221 «t*T*u*on ft.
PrtlriMj hy C*rrl*»». IT. r-«t« Prr We#lt.
•!nr!»- Topiva. T, Cent*.
T-ttt.* l.r *1»IJ. Inrlo-flns Poataeet
rATT."" *-/.t,t. ".J^!-*-* f^n^Ti. cm T"*T «"•
DAIT-T CATX <!s-!?:!»:=x ?c=^»r>. « rv?rrt-.« *¦"*
rj/TT,T rAT-t- ':r<rh»^!r.« gar.^y*. S ascr.tUB 1 «
T>*n,7 CALI^-Br r:r^r"t Uoath Oc
BCKPAT CALI>. Cte* T»*r »-»
*TEKLT CATJU O=# T»«r 1-8°
All pmimt«Ur« ¦ t~ »nthor1i»fl to receive
• vka^riptloaa.
R*»rp!« <erp>« win V» 'm-""** 1 !^ wt«a r*T3*rt» ; 5.
if*r} «rt»rr!T»i>» ?-. K/>f<fr »*•?:»» «f •**>^»» itieM b»
S^^V-a^r tn r»r« b^fh TflT!*' ANT> OLD Ar>rj?.KE3 »ri <»rS*T
f. !rr«-» B pr-.7r.pt *»I c,T»t »-«sp'.itnc« with tb»if r»TJett.
fi*KU\r» OFFICB . . . Ill* Broadway
C. GEftiTfiB KROC\E<»S.
V«n«~ef Fora^n A-ivert »n j. Vf^jette Bul«d ; "^. CH-cija
'I/-/-.* P*Ttffft TftrptoM "Cectr«l :O")
KFTW TOP.JC CORRESTPON'DT^eT:
C C. Olftl.TO* .....n«r«ld ««B»r<
?fTT^ TORK ttEnZMESTATVfX:
ITKPnrt n. «MITM SO Trlbon#- DnfldlnK
••¦rrw totsk ne./s ftattt)*:
w«3«erf-A«?crta Tlctel; A. &r*it*&o, a VcUn Sc=ar»:
WisTar Bin Hom>L
nrrrAOo xk-ws stands:
WASirntr.TO* rn. r.i office 1400 o ?t^ ?r. w.
MORTO* K. rR4VK. rorrfipogdrnt
nRA^trn arvitei — en wiimuwiiji mw o* r:*r. or-?:
B?rtn tjr* r/rt'*-k. jrw iriy»«. <5p«rs tst:i t» e'eloek. OI
«i>!lirt*T. T^n er.tn t » c'eU«k. <U Ltrlrtn. cpen nt9
t^r o'r!-<Jr. *m i*',*r\is~.. r&m «r«t J» o"cV>-k 22O Ksrs»t
"-T" f-'r*««nt*i. r.r»-i cr*JI » o'riork. 1SS« V»!»?v1«. cp»3 I
crrr: > «-*;^k. ice fr.«r»nth. '--*. crrttl » o'clock. NT. ccr-
with a view to their desire to promote the social and
moral * areliare of the people. - Acd- we would ask
those who have these objects at heart to be ready' to
make so~.e sacrifice of their leisure for the purpose
of furthering, in the way which must be more effect
ual thaa effort for particular objects, the organized
government of the community."
The pecp'e appear to have acted in accord with the
«p;ri: of the address and London begins her new
gorernnren: with a display of civic patriotism that
promises to overcome all difnctrlties thai may lie ia
the complexity of the problems that will have to be
solved
CENTER OF POPULATION
MOVEMENT ON THE MAP
CHICAGO TRnZUNE-rfc* irt**rSJ/ r T
gmrenssffat is mere Isspcr^t tx^a -~->
J.T7W TOHK EUX— Tt9 tU=cst J**t
Chi=A eaa par 1» 2rc=» e»* to t*> fc*^
«!re«i rsIUJca izZzrs. T=e teener t£U fj."
!s reocgrrJze-2 th« =icre c^c*i7 "*£! £«
segotlaticra fcavs a t~ v « < » «•»*¦»! <rutsc3-
BALTIMOPJ: HxT2A"LX>— TS* e£ict f
the AE»rtea3 p«c;I* fca* gss* isrti -_=a:
the Phl^pptre tjnurrectica C3t c-»
crushed, and It cassot be cruji:« withsc:
the iniieiuta gresesr-g ci & ZcmiJai.*
arsay.
CLK V K I«A?rD T.r*n?ra — Tier* win be
a several t*zzz.z.Z f-r a redrrtlca Is tia
war taxes at the cp-ssisj ci tie next ae»
«ioa of Cce?t»*jl ii.ere car: be nt excm*
tar th* ivi-T'-ray* C- tie ©Slle-rUOti cf
tn*s» taxes aoleljr fcr t£9 r=no»a of
creatlrg a surplus.
LOUISVILLE COTTRIEB- JOURNAL —
The religion cf. the Ciir.es* =a.y be =c*r«
stryerstition 1= d-rVZz&l eyes, bat it car:
be respected 1; ti»r« is to b-e p*r=are^:
p*ace. wculd there be se=sa cr ;u*
tlc* la Icaiir? do»s tii» wretched na-tloi
with cbltgutic^s beyc:id !ta power* to 4i»
char^e.
CHICAGO REC0?J>-7r::h ti» fro-wir?
tendency c* tse wcrli to~bt:7 is the
Ln:t«i States the outlock lor a contlrua
ttoa ei tlse pr»s<T:t_rrc2p«roa» U=a«« 1» ex
ce-einsly esccura^n^, ancl the wcriC^i
c*n are fairly we*; zzsiz^t d steal" ea
ployrs^nt «o lor? £3 capital aid la.bcr ars
a^"e«<i en term3 d service.
EO3TOX TEJOCSCRTPT— JTh« pcpn«*r-
Jty of the navy 13 aiTVtis.^Xj UiustrateS by
the izrrtasizg percentage of catlTe-icTa
Acierlcais ia its enlisted force. Of thJa.
Ci i**r cent are liatire* ard %T per c«ai are
dxiz+rj of the Cni:ed States. That, tie
rlsJajf generation cf Americans ax* looi
lng seaward is •ttfexxad by th« fact that
of the cse thousand laxdssea th« cav7
now ha* under tralniss. SC 5-r eeat wer»
fccm !a this coiistry-
SA.\ A-VTOXIO EXPP.ES3— There Is no
question that znasufacturtzf ted^striea
In ths South tare provea prcntabie wher
ever Instituted, and tha woader Is that
there are not more or thesa. It Is uU
the figures oi the tTrelftii c«r:»s» will b«
a revelation as to the prepress that iriasu
facturir? has made in those sections cf
the South There enterprise has asserted
Itself, and perhaps the stlnuilus aiTcrfsd
bjr these figures —ay cave Tery salient
effect.
XEWTORK TniTS-There are. withoTit
question, to the xaodera taiad setae propo
eitions la the "Westinlaster Coafesstoa. as
It Is still nia!ataiae<i. wi^ra are tcc«a to
the pets: of being revolting. "The rest cf
mankind," to summarily disposed cf In
that able series of sylicgi3ais. xsajr have
a quite pardonable curiosity about their
eternal £a.te, which will scarcely t« satis
factorily assuaged by the assurar.ee that.
oa a close vote, and by dint cf on* man's
voting twice, they are still M everlastt:si7
crdalaed to reprotatioa aad wrath.
CHICAGO TIMES-HERALD— If the
Boers were to accept aa lav'ratloa to
emJ^rate to Germaa Southwest Africa
they wocld pas3 from a liberal system cf
colonial Government to aa Intensely bu
reaucratic one. which has its source la a
real imperialism. While the change
might gratify their hatred cf the English
for the present, it is doubtful if it would
suit them politically la the long rua unless
sovereignty should «-o with the land which
they purchased, and that would hardly
accord with the German Idea.
PJCHMOXD TIMES— From th« b*gi:2
r.!ng It was obvious that our Interests
called upon us to make ectsmori cause ia
thin matter with Great Britain. V.'e watic
the integrity of the Chinese empire pr»
p*rv»d. ani to e*+s sh». We want an
"open finer" In China for our trade and
we are perfectly wKlir.p that th%t "open
d'-vnr" shall tve equally for the benent »f
all the worM. ar.d that Is the position of
Great Britain. The two powers ha<l.
therefore, from th« beginning, ard have
to-day, the same aims antl purporea.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
All these things will be considered by the Mari
time Convention which has been called by the Gov
ernor of Georgia. There should be immediate and
powerful response to this very patriotic call. The
movement has in it the zest of a new departure. It
comes from the South. It is a sign of the full re
instatement of the old spirit of commercial adventure
in that section, which has seemed so long dormant.
The State of Georgia has in Savannah a great sea
port. Along the South Atlantic seaboasd and the
Gulf coast are important seaports and every condition
friendly to ship-building and maritime pursuits. It i«
we'I to Join aH these in a common effort to send the
merchant flag of the Union ail over the world.
California mu<t have a strong delegation at the
coming convention.
Now the maritime States have reached a point when
doty to themselves and the country requires that they
conquest the blue water transportation. Their indus
tries require it They war.t employment for their pfo
p'e iri American shipyards and on American ships.
They want the vast commerce sent to them from the
:r.«ide States for foreign export to be carried under
the American Sag and not under an slien pennant.
They itrzr.t out blue water transportation system to bs
made the eqca! of our land system by rail. They want
our facilities increased not only to accommodate our
own commerce but to do the ocean trade of the world.
The b:!!ior.5 spirit on railways have been cheerfully
fcrnisheti by the seaboard cities to be «pent in the
mediterranean States, ar.d the coasts have cheerfully
given c? their interest in the public domain for land
grants to roads have borne their share, and it is the
Izr^tr share, of taxation to raise subsidies or bestow
public loans upon the interior States to improve their
transportation system.
THE Governor of Georgia has inttkted a tno«t
important rr.-vemer.t thai should have the fail
2nd irrnsdiate it:pport of all o-r ctsrttim?
The interior region makes its wants known through
a Trans- Mississippi Congress, an Irrigation Congress,
a National Lirestock Association ar.d va.r~.o-.i3 isioci
2tM ownmerctal bodies like the National Board of
Trad*. The maritime States are not insensible to the
importance of the interests represented by thirt va
rious h<A:a t nor do they restrain their spirit of gener
osity when ztd is reeled from Congress for ary of the
purposes prorr.otfi 07 these means. Heretofore the
maritime States, ho— ever, C2v» not organized to pro
cere assistance for their special interests. What they
need above alJ things :s a revival of ocr ntcrchar.t
rr.arir.f . The interior States needed to re2ch the sea
board by rapid and reliable transportation is order
to find a market for their surplus. The country saw
their reeds and responded to their cry by land grants
and public loans and subsidies, liberal mail contracts
and other means, by -which the railroad system of the
country has developed to be the greatest, best and
chesp*«t in service in the woriA
AN OCEAN CONVENTION.
X1JJS SA> ±"KA>"CISCO CAIii;;^' TU±I25i>A!i; .JSUV.EM15ER 20, 1900.
The daring Russian explorers who; believe thai. they
can cut their way. in a ship through thence to the
North Pole probably do not share the general im
pression of the result in trying to cut 'out aeain,
6
Choice candles. Townsend'»J»aIace Hotel.-
Townseni's California Rlace fruits. 50c a
in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
Km°C9 Market. Palace Hotel building. •
q Dec j a l information supplied dally to
hu*in«?ss houses and public men by tha
VrMVCllODlne Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1P42.
The discovery that sheep flourish in Pat-
asronlii and Terra del FUesro has led to the
stocking of enormous and very profitable
ranches. "¦ » ¦
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigoratar.
The best liver medicine. A veg-etabla ear* for
liver Ills, biliousness. Indirection, constipation. •
Kothlns so refreshing as a half wine-rUin of
DR. BIEOERT'S AB«o«tura Bitters b«for»
meals, the Souta American aspetlaaxv B«war«
cX Imitation.
AUCTION HALES.
Br fio*J1ir»r. A jVrr!»— "^r»<*r.«-p'*.jir. Bfor. tU at 1! c'rlr^rk. at
tTl Fix'h r»r»*T. I!i-r*+* ar.-5 Butr!»«
V.y Wm. «;. r«j-n«-TT.t;r»<lisjr irrT.'.T.K. at 7:«. at 721-723
AHTJSEME2ZTS.
Or*.-.* Oi*r«-b'«yw— "Drai O'.rrtrjrt."
Alr»tMT-"Zy» rifllMfl nt Zsrr*/'
¦ - --r.f.a — "Th* AlMff."
T*v:!— -a ScV.r if t5»k«tt»»T ~
*il-»!7-.tTa— "A Srr»r«r»r la ?e*w Tark."
' •!:''rr'.»-P.'rr»'. iitrVr." B«rvl cf It*.'y.
rtnliinn TinflnTTla
O!rrr.pi». c'TB»r iimstn %tA TJiir rtr*r{»— eE^TUJtl**.
Ohat«». Zoo atvi "Tt**itrr — Va^4«vUl* ffijf «?ternooQ an4
«»*r.ir.c-
Orph»»Tn-Ii»r.»r.t CfcarttJ Tvt.*. Aw<1»t*4 Theatrical Mar-
tr*— ~.'.'i*-, «"*rr:, Nwr.b»r a.
VlmUm't Vt ¦fevOfe.
Tar.I'yntn Park— V.*r~* f>-A»y.Knocked Down a Chinese.
C. ' Dowe, a teamster for Lebenbaum &
Co., grocers, while driving across Kear
ny and Clay streets yesterday after
noon knocked down Ah Gow. a cigar man
ufacturer of 904 Stockton street, and the
wheels passed over his prostrate form.
Dowe was arrested on a charge of battery
and the Chinese was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where It was found that ho
hHd a badly lacerated wound over the
left eye and a sprained leg.
Death of a Placerville Merchant.
Henry NJ Tracy, a pioneer shoe mer
chant of Placerville, El Dorado County,
died at the Windsor Hotel Sunday morn-
Ing at the age- of 64. The remains were
forwarded to Placervtlls yesterday. The
deceased was one of the bent known
merchants In the northern part of the
State. There survive him a widow and
two grown sons.
Robbed a Telephone Box.
Dante Venturrl, a boy 15 years of age,
was arrested by Special Officer W. J.
Reilly yesterday afternoon and booked at
the City Prison on a charge of petty lar
ceny. He Is accused of opening a tele
phone box with a key at 118 Sacramento
street and stealing $1 30 In nickels.
The steamship China, which sails tor the
Orient to-day, will take back the firs-t
missionaries that have ventured Into
China since the Boxer outbreak. Among
those who will depart are Rev. Dr. Tro
wick and his bride. The first named is
from Nashville and the last named from
Louisville. They go to Shanghai. ¦ The
steamer goes via Honolulu and Revenue
Agent Bert Thomas stops at that port.
The China will carry 120 cabin passenger*,
thirty Europeans In her steerage and 250
Chinese.
Missionaries Return to China.
The Camfn«ntl act was <!!seus<«e<J at great
length. W. W. Foote was praised for his
aid in getting the Caminettl law through.
Contrary to expectation the association
was confronted, miners were confronted
with a serious question as to Its consti
tutionality. It was not Just the law that
the miners wanted, but It was all that
they could pet and all that they had, the
speaker raid. Then the attitude of the
Anti-debris Association was described.
the speaker faying that the "time had
arrived to call a spade a ppade and to
meet the Issue fairly." At the first con
vention of the miners the representatives
of the Antl-debrls Association said that
Delegates w«-r« also present as follows:
Sacramento Chamber of Commerce Z.
University cf California 1. California Pe
troleum Miners' Association 14. South
west Miners' Association 5, San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce 5. Stanford Uni
versity 1, Fresno Chamber of Com
merce 5. Los Angeles Chamber of
Commerce 5. honorary delegates. Sen
ators and Congressmen 9. The cnmmlttpc
aiso recommended that eleven delegates,
rpprnsented by proxy, thou'.d be accredited
and this prevailed.
The real business o£ the session came
up In the afternoon, when President Ral
ston. Secretary Benjamin, Treasurer S. J.
Hendy and the chairmen of the several
standing committees made their annum
reports.
President- Ralston said that he -was not
conscientiously able to report that any
thing very notable had Leen accomplished
during the year last past, but this was
<Jue only to lack of opportunity. He paid
tribute to the services of ex-President
N<*ff and said that "few men of California
could have carried us through the trying
times of our Infancy, with all Its trials
end with all the dangers and difficulties,
end to Mr. XeJf above all others we owt
a d"bt of gratitude." Continued applaus«
followed this acknowledgment, in which
all the miners took pait-
Mr. Ralston went on to welcome the
delegates from the Southwest Miners' As
Rotation and from the California Petro
leum Miners' Association. He said that
ail were working toward one common end.
If the scrippers were threatening the in
terests of the oil men the. antl-debrls roe:
•wer<» also menacing cue branch of tho
rold roinlre Industry. All should stand
together and much could be accomplished.
The stronger the body tne better chance
of securing aid from Congress. During
th*> year the Mineral Lands bill as amend
ed by the Commissioner of the Genera*
Lar.d Office was recommended, but was
kept from, passage by the delay In th«
<i»-n*ral I^and Office. Mr. Ralston said he
exi>r>cted that the bill would pass at the
Fliort session of Congress and so settle n
naliy the Question of the segregation of
mineral lands on railroad grants.
Fan Francisco. ET; Butt". 25: Calaveras !4;
¦A!aro~ia. I'-; Sar.ta. Clara. 7; Nevada. fA;
ria.-'er. ES: I^-s Ar.gflen. €; Han Dieeo. 2; San
fcernard'.m. V, Kern. 13; Iayo. 1; Plum a* 11;
F.erra, 22; El Itorado. 13: Amador. 37; Tuol
urr.ne. It; Yul*. 10; Fre«no. 5; Marin. f, : So
!anr\ Z, Sha*ta. 25: Maripota. Z; San Ixiln
OMspo. E; Hanta Rarbaxa 5; Napa, 1; Sonoma,
4, Trinity, 1; Sirkiyou, 1; Madura. 1.
This committee reported that the con
vention representation was made up by
delegates as follows:
The proceedings of the forenoon were
br'.ff. Mayor Phrlan delivered an address
of welcome. A committee on cr^lentiald
was appointed, consisting of the following:
riamt-d, representing the mining counties.
£eva4*. W. FngelbriRht; Placer, Ivan H.
Pf.rk^r: El I>jrsdo. C. H. Weath»rwax; Sierra.
Daa T. O>1»: P!umis. r>ixon Brabbln; Ama
&<r. E. C. Voorbie«; Tunlamn*. Fred Sutton;
Yi.ba. James <Y V.T\fn; Phasta. C. C. N. Buph;
J^anta Clara, J. Derby; Alameda, A. W. Bishop;
r.utt<\ O. \V. Jasper; Calaveras. L S. Foorman;
Kran-isco, Charles <J. Yale; Los Angeles,
O. S. line*"**.
attendance from all sections
of the Eta'.e marked tho opening sessions
of thp California Miners' ninth annual
convention yesterday at Golden Gate
JTaJI. The gathering vras caJled to
f.rd'-r by President W. C. RaJston.
lie looked down upon the delega
tions from the severa.1 . raining coun
ties, each delegation r*-!r.g ranged under
a county banner and there were also two
row bodies to be represented on the floor
of the convention— the California Petro
leum Mirers' Association and the South •
ttp« Miners* Association, who also ha-3
their banners end-occupied sections in the
hali. The auditorium was decorated with
many fia^s and draperies. On the stage
were potted palm trees, tfanking the
fppaker's desk. At his right was th«j
tanner of the California Miners' Associa
tion. On the stage, a little later, in addi
tion to the president and Secretary E. H.
r?«»ri^m!n. were chairmen of county asso
ciations and two recently elected meni-
I en of Con crrss— Frank I* Coombs of the
First District and S. D. Woods of the Sec-
SPIRITED speeches, la one of
which the Debris Commission waa
well roasted: Interesting and val
uable reports and a representative
The committee adherea to the proposition
laid down by It at tbe convention in 1S93. that
the remedial legislation with reference to the
law of mining. In almost all its phases, should
be, amendatory of existing Federal law, rather
than Independent statutory enactment at the
hands of the Legislature. The law will lose
nothing of directness and efficacy thereby and
the uniformity so much desired will be pro
rrctP'i. The present mining law of California
1*. roughly speaking, the Federal lode law of
JXajr 10. I?TJ. and the act amendatory thereof.
the whole belsc codified in eectlona 2313 to 2345.
inclusive.- of the Revised Statutes of the United
6taJes.
Ralston's address was loudly applauded.
Senator John F. Davis of Amador Coun
ty, chairman of the committee on legisla
tion, submitted a long report. He «,aid:
Some attention was paid by the presi
dent to the necessity of building up
branch associations In the counties. Any
county that wanted to have any topic
tauten up by the executive committee
could have that done by asking for a
meeting. If the representatives from the
counties did not come to express their
views they ought not to hold others re
sponsible. Compliments for good wor«c
were bestowed upon the secretary and
the treasurer and a salary for the secre
tary was recommended. The State Mining
Bureau ought to be maintained under tho
regular appropriation bill by the State
and not have to beg Its way from year
to year, the speaker said. The miners for
gold would not be jealous If the oil mlnera
made th«»ir product equal the output of
gold. "The more oil you get the more
gold you will want." eaid Mr. Ralston.
"You can't put a barrel of oil in each
pocket and take in the sights of the city.
You want twenty-dollar pieces for these
little conveniences and we gold mineis
want to furnish them to you."
If It be proven unconstitutional make them
assist in framing and passing one that will be.
constitutional. Falling In this, we, should op
r<*e the expenditure of Federal or State money
In building barriers which will do the miner
no good whatever. The miner has had some
rights in this country. Mining is one of the
chief induftrleB of the State, and a. growin?
one. The miner has been but little considered,
but it In high time that he should be claiming
and demanding recognition in a State, the
basis and foundation of which was mining.
The** are my personal views, and the associa
tion is not responsible for them.
The president recounted the history of
recent troubles of the Hydraulic miners
who havp been enjoined. He wished the
Anti-debris Association, if honest, to slip
over the technicalities and try out the
whole act. He believed It to be the duty
of the Miners* Association to force the
hand of the Antl-debrls Association so
that the latter would be compelled to Join
In helping to prove the constitutionality
of the Carmlnetti act. Coninulng, he said:
You who are present know, as few otherg do,
the trials the, poor miners went through In the
early stages of this fight; how they had to
stand Idly by and be prevented from working
their claims to get food for themselves, their
wives and children. How the less influential
ones with small claims had to stand idle, and
y<»t see larger claims working aa usual; the
sr i<? 3 of the anti-debris men overlooking the
larger operations, while their eyes were upon
the smaller. This Is not pleasant to know or
to state, but it is true. The conduct of these
men with little claims waa that of honest,
law-abiding citizens. Tet, when the Hon.
Marion Biggs wanted an appropriation passed
to be used by a commission of Government
engineers, to report upon the amount of land
damaged or destroyed by hydraulic mining, a
United Statee Senator from California, who
made his first money in this State by "packing
grub to mining camps," stood upon the floor
of the Senate and wanted that appropriation
used by the Secretary of War to send regular
troops to the mountain? to stop hydraulic
mining. As I remarked before, these days are
passed, but we cannot forget them. At one of
our conventions we were of the opinion that
reace and good feeling reigned supreme, and
that our differences were all patched up; that
the lion and the lamb had lain down together.
Uut It appears now that the lion has swallowed
all of the lamb except his tall; but that may
bo found fu^of burrs and not very palatable.
We find that the men who said "all we. want
Is for hydraulic mining to be carried on under
Government restriction and control" coming
out in their true colors and protesting opalnst
ar.y and all hydraulic mining. And how do
they <\o this? By pleading a technicality con
o-rning the Issuance of a license from the
California Debris Commission. I ask you, fel
low miners, is this fair and Just? Is It honest,
square dealing?
- The California Miners' Association haa done
everything that It can to assist in obtaining
money from the State and Nation for the Im
provement of rivers by Impounding tailings or
by building impounding barriers to prevent the
tailings now In the etrrams from coming down,
and to permit of hydraulic mining above such
barriers. Now that the improvement looks to
bfi an accomplished fact and the miners hav«
••been used" as far as possible, what do we
find?
they were anxious to see the hydraulic
miners resume work. They joined with
the miners in a memorial to Congress on
the basis of an agreement under which
hydraulicking was to go on under Govern
mental control. Later, when a conven
tion for the Improvement of rivers was
held at Sacramento the delegates of the
miners' convention, who went to confer,
wpre ignored. The delegates were, to say
the least, treated with scant courtesy.
That had passed, to be sure, and the
speaker said he only called it up to show
why he took his present position. Con
tinuing. Mr. Ralston s=ald:
John J. Moran. the tinsmith who threw
a spike through the window of J. llacow
sky's jewelry ptore on Kearny street,
near Sutter, Saturday afternoon, and
stole a watch, appeared before Judge Con-
Ian yesterday. Moran was held to answer
before- the Superior Court on a charge of
burglary, in $2000 bonds.
Cornelius Sweeney was held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Con-
Ian yesterday on a charge of burglary In
$1000 bonds.
T. C. Mathyas, mining engineer, charged
with assault with a deadly weapon, had
his case dismissed by Judge Mogan yes
terday. Mathyas was in a saloon at 4X9
Fourth street and John Herzog. a team
ster, amused himself by pulling his whis
kers. Mathyas became angry and took a
shot at Herzog. the bullet inflicting a
flesh wound in his leg. Herzog was will-
Ing not to prosecute If Mathyas paid for a
new suit of clothes for him, but the Judge
told him he had no right to annoy an old
man.
William Walker, the Los Angeles
paloon-keeper who cut Mllo Waldron. pro
prietor of the Majestic saloon. In the
Palmerlee lodging-house on Ellis street
early Saturday morning, appeared before
Judge Mogan yesterday on. the charge of
assault to murder. He was represented
by Attorney Percy Long. No complaint
was on file and Long moved that the case
be dismissed. The Judge denied the
motion and at the request of the prose
cution continued the case for a week, as
it was stated that Waldron would be con
fined to his bed for that time.
Is on File Denied and Case
Continued.
Motion to Dismiss as No Complaint
KNIFE- W JLE1.DER W.AXICErR
APPEARS IN COURT
PCF.N'E TX GOLDEN GATE HALL YESTERDAY DURING THE FIRST
DAY OF THE NINTH ANNUAL SESSION OF THE CALIFORNIA MIN
ERS* ASSOCIATION.
The history of th« North Bloomfleld lit
igation was reviewed and also the his
tory of the California Debris Commission
with definition of the duties and powers'
6f the debris commissioners. The Red
Dog and Polar Star alfflcultles were men
tioned. It was urged' that the constitu
tionality of the Camlnettl act should be
tested In some casev&galnst a company
operating under a duly obtained permit.
Why the Issue waa'jw?Pt|K>ned was incom
prehensible. The miners ought to be aa
anxious as the farmers to ascertain
whether they were moving In a fool's
paradise or on the £<)li(T earth, the speaker
declared. In conclusion Senator Davis
said: jj r.niV!
Let the question ,bf[ presented • squarely so
that there can ¦'bt no evasion In the decision
Is. or Is not^tfie act^conlrary to the provisions
of the fifth amendment^of "'the constitution of
the United States? Does, or does not, the act.
directly or Indirectly, deprive any person of
property withesv du« s procMi of law? i 8 the
Bute deprived by tbttattiof any right guaran
teed it in the constitution of the United States
to protect the navigability of its streams? If
While a large number of permits to smaller
concerns have been issued by the commission,
no practical resumption of hydraulic mining on
any noteworthy scale has been had, and there
in the most palpable hesitancy by large con
cerns to «xpen<l large sums of money or -to
engage in large construction works under the
provisions of the law. What motive ha» held
back the expenditure of the public money thus
far appropriated we do not know. It is "up
to" the people having control of the expenditure
of these moneys to explain to the miners and
farmers of this State why next to nothing has
been thus far done. The hesitancy of private
capital, however, is perfectly comprehensible,
and the reason for it Is not far to find. Thor
oughly to apprehend the situation will neces
sitate a short reference tp. the history of the
present statute and to thei construction riven
it by the courts. u * °- J
Senator Davis discussed at length the
present Federal statute concerning hy
draulic mining In the Sacramento and
San Joaquln watersheds. He said th«t
there was an unexplained hesitation In
the expenditure of money appropriated
bv Congress and by the Legislature for
the construction of restraining dams and
barriers. He continued:
The magnitude of the evil resulting from the
uncertainty of mlnins titles will perhaps be
appreciated when I say that after a residence
of seventeen years In the State of Nevada,
with the beat opwrtunlty of observing, I can
not at this moment recall a single Instance In
which the owners of really valuable mlnir.K
giound have escaped expensive litigation, ex
cept by paying a heavy blackmail. This defect
In the law. like the one concerning a want of
reasonable time to mark boundaries in making
a location, can be cured by aa amendment of
the law itself, and in this Instance your com
mittee make the name recommendation made
to Congress by the Public Land Commission In
ltSO. namely, the amending of the present law
eo that all future occupation. location or pur
chase of mineral lands shall be governed by
laws of Congress to the exclusion of all local
customs, rules and regulations and ail State
and Territorial law.
The third provision In the law In need of
amendment Is the provision In section 2324 con
cerning annual assessment work necessary to
hold the possessory right to a claim bm agalngl
the Government of the United States. Th«
abuse of the present provision Is so persistent,
so flagrant and eo well known that It is need
less to describe It. Probably every man In
this convention has, at some time In his own
personal experience, been guilty of straining
tne 'present provision of the law upon this
subject. We all recognize the statute concern
ing annual assessment work as insufficient,
however, and most earnestly urge upon Con
rress such amendatory legislation In this re
gard that while It will provide a liberal sys
tem for the bona fide locator who holds and
works his claim in good faith, will still most
effectually and Incontinently work for the un
doing of every blackmailer and every dog la
the manger.
The points connected with this were
ably argued and then Davis went on to
say:
I am convinced, moreover, that the tainting
of every mining title In the land at Its very
inception with the uncertainty which results
fiom the actual or possible existence of rules
affecting Its validity, perfectly authentic evi
dence of which is nowhere to be. found, is a
stupendous evil. Experience has demonstrated
that such an uncertain state of the law is a
rrollflc source of litigation and no experience
Is required to convince any man of ordinary
intelligence that It must have the effect of
depreciating the value of all unpatented claims
by deterring the more prudent class of capi
talists from Investing In them. That the sub
ject Is simple enough to b« embraced in one
ceneral law Is proved by the fact tha.t the
laws of the various districts, although differ
ing In details, are in substance Identical, and
are substantially contained in the existing acts
of Congress. • • •
Concerning the second point referred to
by the committee, the recognition in Fed
eral statutes of local rules, regulations
and customs of miners and State and Ter
ritorial laws concerning location of claims,
the committee reported in substance that
the whole subject of mining locations Is
an extremely simple one, which may eas
ily and therefore ought to be regulated
by one general law, the terms and ex
istence of which shall be established by
public and authentic records and not left
to be proved in every case by the oral
testimony of witnesses or by writing coh
talncd in loose papers or memorandum
books, such as are often dignified by the
name of mining records. Continuing Sen
ator Davis said:
In the requirements for the marking of ex
terior boundaries upon the ftronnd, under the
present provisions of ther.iaw. the rights of
the discoverer of a vein are not fully protected.
Unless he be given a reasonable time to mark
hi* boundaries upon the ground, either under
a State statute or a local rule or the decision
of the Supreme Court of the United States, he
may make manj- mistakes vital to his Inter
ests. As a mstter of fact th* trend of the
California decisions on this point Is against
him, though at the same time against the trend
of the decisions of almost all the other States
and Territories except Oregron. • • * We rec
ommend to Congress an amendment to section
2324 in this respect, drafted upon lines analo
gous to those In our late State statute repealed
in 1599.
The salient features of the sections referring: to
quartz mining are contained In sections 2319. 2320,
232* and 1324 and the legislation recommended
to Congrees by the committee refers to amend
ments of three of those four sections. The com
mittee recommended that these sections be
amended In three particulars: In the provls-
Uns concerning the marking of the exterior
boundaries on the irround: In the provisions
concerning the local rules, regulations anJ cus
toms of miners and State and Territorial stat
utes on location of claims and in the provis
ions concerning annual assessment work.
MARKHAM IS
TO REPRESENT
GOLDEN STATE
s — •
President Invites the Ex-
Groyernor to a Centen
nial Event.
Elaborate Plans Being Perfected for
Celebrating Anniversary of the
Establishment of the Cap- ,.
ital at Washington.
On the recommendation of United States
Senator George C. Perkins. President Mc-
Klnley has appointed ex-Governor H. H.
Markham of Pasadena to represent Cali
fornia In the celebration of the centen
nial anniversary of the establishment of
the seat of Government In the District of
Columbia. The anniversary occurs Wed
nesday, December 12, 1900. Congress made
an appropriation to be used in celebrat
ing the event. Eugene liale is chairman
of the joint committee and George C. Per
kins chairman of the executive commit
tee. The select committeev>f the United
States Senate consists of Eufeene Hale,
George C. Perkins. Joseph Simon, John L.
McLaurin. Alexander S. Clay, Thomas B.
Turley and James McMillan. The select
committee of the House of Representa
tives consists of Joseph G. Cannon. Wit-
Hum W. Grout. Joel P. Heatwole, James
S. Sherman, James A. Hemenwav. Joseph
W. Bailey, Marion De Vries, William S.
Cowherd, John C. Bell and Robert J.
Gamble. The committee from the coun
try at larg-e consists of one representative
citizen of each State and Territory.
At 10 a. m. December 12 a reception will
be given by the President to the Gover
nors of the States and Territories. Im
mediately following: there will be infor
mal remarks on the centennial history of
the Executive Mansion. Models and
drawings will be ehown of the proposed
enlarged Executive Mansion as provided
for by Congress. At 1 p. m. there will be
a military and naval parade from the
Mansion to the Capitol. The parade will
be reviewed from the east portico of the
Capitol by the. President, tne Cabinet,
Senators, Representatives and Governors.
The commemoration exercises in honor of
the first session of Congress in me per
manent Capitol will be held in the House
of Representatives. The audience will be
addressed during the exercises by two
Senators and two Representatives, who
will soeak on these topics: "The Trans
fer of the National Capital from Phila
delphia to Washington," "The Establish
ment of the Seat of Government in the
District of Columbia," "The History of
the First Century of the National Capi
tal," and "The Future of the United
States and Its Capital."
At Corcoran Art Gallery in the evening
a farewell reception will be tendered by
the citizens of the District of Columbia,
VALLEY CONFERENCE.
California Sena.^rs and Representa-
tives Invited to Visit Sacra
mento Next Saturday.
A conference of the executive com
mittee of the Sacramentoj Valley De
velopment Association, the California
Congressional delegation and members of
the Legislature from counties comprising
the Development Association, will take
place at Pioneer Hall, Sacramento, next
Saturday afternoon. The purpose of the
proposed conference Is to discuss subjects
connected with the general advancement
and welfare of the Sacramento Valley.
The visitors will be entertained at a
banquet at the Butter Club. Invitations
have been sent to Governor Henry T.
Gage, United States Senators George C.
Perkins and Thomas R. Bard, Represen
tatives Frank L. Coombs, First District;
Samuel D. "Woods. Second District; Victor
H. Metcalf, Third District: Julius Kahn.
Fourth District; Eugene F. Loud. Fifth
District; James McLachlan. Sixth Dis
trict; James C. Needham. Seventh Dis
trict; State Senators W. F. Maggard.
•W. M. Cutter. J. TV. Goad, J. J.
Luchslnger. Robert T. Devlin. Assem
blymen H. S. Gans, Barnabus Col
lins. Lawrence Schlllig. Thomas Sheri
dan,; J. F. Childs, Alden Anderson,
Grove L. Johnson. Louis F. Reeber. W.
W. Greer and to William Thomas, presi
dent of the Water and Forest Associa
tion; \V. F. Beatty of the Water and For
est Association, and Frank D. Ryan,
Commissioner of Public Works.
BIG INCOME FBOM
CENTRAL PACIFIC LINE
Southern Pacific Railroad of Califor
nia Also Reports Two Million
Net Profits.
The annual statement of the Central
Pacific Railway, whose lines are oper
ated by the Southern Pacific, was re
ceived by the State Railroad Commission
ers yesterday, and it shows a total in
como from operations on this road of $7,
4ft5.1S4, from which is deducted J54.5S7 for
salaries and maintenance of organization,
53.9S6.7S9 being the Interest on funded debt
accrued, J592.S73 for taxes, $513,278 for per
manent Improvements, total $5,149,821,
leaving a net income of $2,022,472.
The report of the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company of California shows a total
income of $7,424,513. The interest of fund
ed #debt was $4,1S8,4$S. salaries $17,777,
taxes $33,513, other deduotlons $1,163,281,
leaving a net Income of $2,022,472.
The report of the South Paciflo Coast
Railway^ has also been filed. This com
pany has no income from operations, as
Its property is operated by the lessee in
consideration of receiving all revenue
therefrom and paying all expenses In con
nection therewith.
RAILROAD MEN ABE
CONFIDENT OF VICTORY
Hanager Fillmore Likely, to Accede
to Demands of Southern Pa-
cine Employes.
The conference between Manager Fill
more and the Southern Pacific employes
will be concluded to-morrow, unless some
thing unforeseen comes up to cause a. de
lay. Messrs. Clark and Lee. the grand
officers from the Conductors' and Railway
Trainmen's associations, said last even
ing that up to date the meetings with
Manager Fillmore had been most satisfac
"lt looks now as If we would be suc
cessful in all the main points at Issue."
said Mr. Lee last evening. "We have
found Mr. Fillmore ready to meet us half
way on every proposition. We hope tq be
able to report to our men the result of
the conference the last of this week."
Suit on a Patent.
'Daniel Best filed a suit In the United
States Circuit Court yesterday against
Caton Foundry and Machine Company to
recover $6000 damages for alleged Infringe
ment of patent on an engine.
Mr. Swanberg expects to have the novr
plant in working order by the first of next
July. He says that the acquisition of
Hawaii and the Philippines has largely
increased the demand for cold storage,
and cites as an Illustration the fact thnt
L. A. Rostln. secretary of the, Honolulu
Market Company, has already engaged ail
the available cold storage space on the
Spreckels new line of steamers.
"If Bryan had been elected." says Mr.
Swanberg, "I would have abandoned the
enterprise and gone to Denmark, where
I have one of the largest dairy establish
ments on the Continent. The re-election
of McKlnley has assured men of business
that values will not be violently unset
tled."
C. O. Swanber*, president of the Mer
chants' Ice and Cold Storage Company,
has returned from an extended visit to
Europe with a large fund of knowledge as
to the latest Improvements In ice making
machinery and cold storage plants. He
has visited all the largest and most mod
ern establishments of the kind In Ger
many, France. Denmark. England and
America,' and has secured sufficient cap
ital to proceed with the erection of a
plant in this city having a capacity of
175 tons per day, which is larger than any
establishment of the kind west of Omaha.
President Swanberg Has Secured Nec
essary Capital for Extensive De
velopment of the Industry
on Pacific Slope.
San Francisco to Have the
Largest One West of
Omaha.
MODERN COLD
STORAGE PLANT
TO BE BUILT
Mr. Wright dealt first with the experi
ences of those who were seeking; the pas
sage of a bill through Congress providing
for a commission to classify the lands of
the State, so that no more mineral lands
would be patented to the railroad or to
others, under the guise of agricultural
land. Hla report of the work of the com
mittee was one of failures, for he said
that no matter which way the supporters
of the bill turned they found some tech
nicality or some objection that put oft its
passage until too late. In concluding this
part of hl3 report Mr. Wright recom
mended that "the association should con
tinue its support of the mineral lands bill
now before Congress, and to this end a
strong mineral lands committee shoUlU
be appointed, headed by some gentleman
able to give a large proportion of w his
time to the accomplishment of the asso
ciation's purposes."
Mr. Wright then took up the oil indus
try, and particularly the fight between
the "acrippcrs" and the locators. The dif
ficulty of. the oil locator he said was that
it is sometimes several weeks, and eveu
months, before he can tell whether or not
he Is on an oil producing claim, and In
the meantime the scrlpper can come in
and "select" the land under his scrip,
which entitles him to agricultural land
only. If the ecrippers would select un
appropriated lands where the presence of
mineral was not apparent, said Mr.
Wright, no one would question his right
to a patent, nor would his right to min
eral afterward discovered be questioned.
But in very many instances the scripper
has selected land within the well-known
limits of oil tields, lands known to him to
contain vast quantities of oil; and he ha?
even gone further and selected land upon
which derricks had been erected and upon
which wells were being sunk.
It was the purpose of the committee to
prepare a bill that would protect the oil
locator until he had either discovered oil
or nad demonstrated that there was no
oil on his claim. The bill provides that
locators shall have three months after
the markir.g of '.heir claims within whlcn
Jo begin work for the purpose of compiei
ing discovery— the discovery, if made, to
•.late back to the time of the location hi
order to secure a vor.tlr.iious title. It pro
vides further that so long as work is car
ried on with reasonable diugpnce ths lo
c:itor shall be protected, but if he fail to
prosecute the work dil'gently or if lie
fail to comn;tnce It within the three
months allowed, he shall forfeit his claim.
The nport of the secretary showed tho
association to be well equipped as t-j
members, and his report and that of the
treasurer showed that there is now on
hand to the credit of the association
$3208 65, with all bills paid. The disburse
ments during the year were $11,315 41; the
receipts were S11.215 41.
To-day W. B. Winn of the association
of oil men will probably present a series
of resolutions, expressing the satisfaction
of the oil men at the invitation of the
niners to unite In the Miners' Association,
and 'indorsing the bills providing for the
classification of lands and allowing dis
covery work upon an oil claim. Both of
tho'c were incntioned by Mr. Wright in
1:1s report from the committee on mineral
larVls.
The coimnt'on adjourned to meet this
morning at 10 o'clock.
the act shall b« held to be constitutional, as
the miners are eatlsfled to take their chances
under it, they will have to suumlt to the Juris
diction of the commission, for otherwise their
hydraulic mining, no matter ho-w little Inju
rious, will be unlawful. They would then at
least have this much security In expending the
moneys necessary to take advantage of Its pro
visions—that they would run no danger of hav
ing the act declared unconstitutional over their
heads after they had spent their 1 money. If
the act shall be held unconstitutional then those
who have already submitted themselves to Its
Jurisdiction would cease ( expending further
money under It and can apply for the cancella
tion of their surrenders on the ground that
they were given without consideration.
Following: the report of the committee
on legislation came the report of the
committee on mineral lands, read by-
John M. Wright, chairman of the com
mittee.
THE SAN FBAJSOISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1900.
Caustic and Forcible Discussion of Present Situation
at Opening Session of California Association.
DEBRIS COMMISSION WELL
ROASTED BEFORE MINERS
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A NEW COMPANY OF UP-TO-
DATE VAUDEVILLE STARS.
•M-ATT WELDON, STELXIWO AITD
BEVELLE, CONDITT AND
. MOREY, BROTHERS MARTINE,
IONE MACLOTJTH,
ANNA BOYD. MR. and MRS. DAN HIATT.
DOLAN AND LENHARR, W. J.
HTNES.
Reserved Seats. tSe: Balcony. 10c; Opera>
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
Matinees "Wednesday. Saturday an! Sunday.
AIF ELLINGHOUSE Prop, and Manaser
PHONE SOUTH T70
OUR CAPACITT LAST NIGHT
3479 AND THOUSANDS TURNED AWAT.
WE ARE KEEPING OUR PROMISE
By Giving a Good Show Every Week
HOYT8— FINE AND DANDY
1 'A STRANGER IN NEW YORK."
Headed by the McCOY SISTERS and SAM
MARION.
And a Company of Comedians That Are Faany,
With Girls That Are Pretty and Who
Can Dance and Stngr.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Evening— 15c. 23c. J3c. 50c and TCc Matlae*—
I5c ZSe. ZSc and 50c.
Next . Sunday Afternoon— HERRMANN, tha
Great, accompanied by tn« Musical Wonders.
the 5-NOSSg3— 5.
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
Aftcr-Thcatcr Refreshments.
The completeness of the arrangements
made for your entertainment tn the Sup-
per Room can be estimated when tt Is
known that the attributes responsible for
the popularity of the Grill Rooms are la
evidence here. Dellrhtful music, prompt
service, moderate charges. Open every
evening; (Sundays excepted) from 9:30 to
12 o'clock. Entrance from the court and
main office.
Palace Hotel Supper Room.
AMUSEMENTS.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Aug-ustln Daly's Charming Comedy,
THE RAILROAD
OF LOVE...
Next— SEVEN TWENTY EIGHT.
CLOSING NIGHT9 OF THE
ROYAL MARINE BAND OF ITALY.
FARETVELL MATINEE SATURDAY.
TO-NIGHT'S PROGRAMME:
I. March. "Atlantic City" (Mlnolltl). 2. Over-
ture. "Semlramlde" (Rossini). 3, Harp solo,
selected. Pljcnor Setaro- 4. Trumpet solo. "Non
* Ver" (Mattel). 5. "Ballo un Maschera." Act
I (Verdi). Solos by Sltrnori Creatore and De
Tltta. II: «. March. "American Navy" (Crea-
tor* d' Andrea). 7. Tenor solo, selected. Slrnor
Glanninl. 8. "Romeo et Juliette." Fantaste
(Gounod). 9. "American Fantasia (Herbert).
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
"Should Old Acquaintance Be Forgot!"
HAVERLVS MASTODON MINSTRELS
With GEORGE (Waltz Me Again) WILSON.
*T1VPLi*
THE SASSASSENFRASSA IS AIX RIGHT!!
A Packed House
Last Evening Gave a Unanimous Verdict i
"A Triumph for Every One 2 and for the
Superb Comic Opera,
"A JOLLY MUSKETEER"
First production In this city.
Written and Composed by Stanjre * Edwards
BIG DOUBLE COMPANY!
POWERFUL CHORUS!
MANY OLD FAVORITES and NEW FACES! !
Evening* at t. Matinee Saturday at J.*
POPULAR PRICES 23c and 5Oe
Telephone Bush ».
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK.
Initial meeting Monday, Nov. 19. to Saturday
Dec. 1. inclusive. Elx or more racea each we/lc
day. Six stake events, one hurdle race and
two steeplechases first two weeks. First race
of the day at 2:10 p. m. Trains leave Third
and Townsend streets for Tanforan Park at 7
10:40. 11:30 a. m.. 1. 1:30 and I p. m., followed"
after the last race, at Intervals of a few min-
utes, by several specials: Rear cars reserved
for ladles and their escorts. Admission to the
course. Including railroad fare.- J1.2S.
D. LYNCH PRINGLE. Secretary.
RALPH H. TOZER. Racing Secretary.
FISCHER'S c °ncert o hous E .
• Olive Vail and Frank Tally; Irene Franklyn;
Ouhama.. the Jap; Harry H. Walton: Helen
Stuart and Claire Fex.
RESERVED 6EATS ZSc MATTNEB SUNDAY.
Wsshing PowdBr
AMUSEMENTS.
M0R05C0'5 GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
TO-NIGHT. "DON GIOVANNI"— Ncrdlea.
Frltxi Scheff and Uadskl; Kd. de Reszk?. Salig-
' nac. Pint Cbrsl. Journet and Scotti.
[Conductor SI*. Marctn«::i
To-morrow nl^ht— "TANNHAUSER"— Gad-
ski. Olltzka «nd Susan Strong: Van I>yck.
Blass. Bars. Hubbenet. Muhlmann and David
Blsrhim.
Conductor Mr. Walter Damrr>*cl»
Thursday. "ROMEO ET JUMETTE"— Mel-
ba. Bridewell. Bauermelster: Ed. de Reszke.
Plancon. Bars. Sizes. GUllbert and Saleia.
Conductor SI*. Manctnellt
Friday "GLI UOONITTI"' (The Huiruenots)
— Ncrdica. Olltzka, Bauermelster. Van Cauter»n
and Suzanne Adam/; Dtppel. Plancon. Scotti.
Bar* and Ed. da Reazke.
Conductor M. Klin
Saturday matinee. "LOHENGRIN"— GadsW
and Bchumann-Hetnk; Van Dyck. Blspaara.
Muhlmann and Blass.
Conductor Mr. VTalt»r Dasiroseh
Saturday eTenlnir. "FAUST"— MelNu Baner-
meister and Homer: Saleza, Campanaxi.
Dufiiche and Ed. de Reszke.
Conductor S1ir.Mar.clnf!!!
SUNDAY XTIRINS-2d GRAND POPULAR NIQBT.
Oreheatra, $3: dress cJrcle. 12 50: frnmHy cir-
cle. $2; gallery. SI: general admission, n.
C OPERA FOR BUNDAT WILL. BX AN-
NOUNCED THURSDAY.
?
NEXT WBBK.
FIRST AND ONLY PRESENTATION IN SAN
FRANCISCO OF
DER RING DES NIBELDNQEN,
By Richard 'Warner.
MONDAT EVENING. NOV. 2Sth. at 8:50k
First Performance cf th« Cysle.
Das Rheingold.
TUESDAY EVENING. Nov. 27th. at T«X
Second Performance of the Cycle.
Die Walkttere.
•WEDNESDAY EVENINO. Nov. Kth. at V.30,
Third Performance of the Cycle.
Siegfried.
FRIDAT EVENING. Nov. 30th. at 7:30.
Final Performance of the Cycle,
Gotterdaemmemng.
ET SALE OF SEATS for the four perform*
ances will commence THIS MORNTNO at 3
©•eloclc and will eontlnue till TOMORROW
EVENINP-
Sale of seats for eln*!e performances of th»
cycle and other performances of the third and
last week will commence
THURSDAY MORNING NEXT at 9 O'CLOCK.
Prices. J2 to »7. Branch Ticket Of3ce. Em-
porium.
WEBER PIAXO USED.
DON'T DELAY, BUT BUY TO-DAY !
THURSDAY, NOV. 22
AT HIGH NOON.
SECOND ANNUAL BENEFIT tn Aid of
CHARITY FUND
OF THE
ASSOCIATED
THEATRICAL
MANAGERS
AT THE ORPHEUM.
Attractions From EVERY THEATER!
CONTINUOU3 PERFORMANCE!
MOROSCO'S— "Walter Damrosch. David Blsp-
bam. Rosa Olltzka and other artists frim the
Maurice Grau Grand Opera Company.
COLUMBIA — Frank Danlets and leading
members of his company.
TIVOLI— Brla-ht bits from "The JoJIv Mus-
keteer" and Collamarlnl. Russo and Cast"llano.
CALIFORNIA— The Rcyal Marine Band of
Italy.
ALHAMBRA— McCoy Sisters and Sam Mar-
lon.
ORPTTETM— The principal stars of th» bill.
ALCAZAR — Act from "Th5 Railroad of
CHUTES— An acrobatic novelty.
OLYMPIA— An up-to-date vandevlll* feature.
PRICES <for Reserved Seats)— Entire Groan*
Floor. Including Box Seats. %2: Balcony tl.
Beats now on sale at th* Orpheum.
G3LUMBSA&
LAST a NIGHTS J
MATIN CK SATX'KDAT.
THK GREAT TRIUMPH!
FRANK DANIELS
And His Splendid Comp»ny. ra
VICTOR HERBERTS I^ATEST SUCCESS
"THE AMEER."
NEXT MONDAT ETXKIVO
-n FRANK I* PERLET Will Present
..•ALICE NIELSEN...
And THE ALICE NIELSEN OPERA CO. In
"THE SINGING GIRL."
By VICTOR HERBERT. HARRT B. SMITH
and STANISLAUS STANGE.
Second We«k...."THE FORTUNE-TELLER."
SEATS ON SALE THURSDAY > >
eomtmiy cored try ttxxo
j little Pills,
Theya!»rtl!cve Distress frora Dyi ¦!'*¦¦
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. Apex»
fectrecady for Dizziness, Nausea, Drcrcrsi-
nesa, Bad Taste to tbe Mouth, Coated Tongut.
Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowda. Purely Vegetable. 1
8tnatt Pin* Small Dose.
* 8ma1! PrJcav
SICK HIADACHI
ADVERTISEMENTS.
igpmms
Sohmer Pianos
are in 30,000 American homes
today. The best American musi-
cians sing their praises from Maine
to California. Money cannot in-
fluence such testimonials aa these.
Nothing can buy such spontaneous
approval as has been given the
Sohmer Piano during its test of the
past thirty years. Its a home
piano and not a money bought
«« artist's favorite."
Byron Mauzy
Sole Agents
SOHMER PIANOS
308 Post Street, San FranciscoBicycling is almost as old as the present
generation, golf Is far older, though Amer
icans ln general seem not to have heard
of it till recently, football was played in
China more than 1500 years ago and in
younger nations ever since they heard of
it, and archery and horsemanship hark
back to prehistoric man and are Instinct
ive In millions. These sports cannot die,
or even be killed, nor can any others that
are liked; they,' are as Irrepressible and
immortal as the human impulse to get out
of doors and do something. — Philadelphia
Post.
True Sports Never Die.
One would hardly believe a militiaman
would part with his uniform, but one did
during the Spanish war. He was a Sev
enth Regiment man who apparently had
no further use for his soldier clothes.
Even the insignia of law Is not sacred
to the pawnbroker, as Is evidenced by
the solid gold badge of Frank Wolf, on©
time Deputy Sheriff In this city. The near
neighbor or this badge is a diamond affair
presented to Captain Frank Gregory by
Company D. Twenty-second Regiment,
away back in 1880. Hugging this latter
closely is the insignia in gold and precious
stones of Sir William H. Heck, past emi
nent commander of St. Mary's Comman
dery, No. 86, Knights Templars, whose
home in 1876 when he received It was in
Philadelphia. That city is also represent
ed in the badge of Past Eminent Com
mander Sir I. Spencer Smith of Corinthian
Chasseur Commandery, No. 63, Knights
Templar.
Of college fraternity pins there are doz
ens,, many of them bearing their owners'
names or Initials.
The belt started on its wanderings some
years ago. About three months ago tn<*
professor, who it is now explained speha
his name Donovan, heard that it was rest
ing in a Bowery show window, and sent
some friends down to enter Into negotia
tions. They departed, saying they would
call again." Subsequently the professor
denied that the belt belonged to him.
Many athletic trophies are to b.e found
In the curio shops. One of tnese is a. gold
and enameled medal won by J. W. Kenne
dy in a dumbbell lifting contest. The tro
phy records that Mr. Kennedy lifted a
thousand pounds. George Whistler, who
won fame as the champion water walker
of America, deposited his property on the
counter of a Bowery pawnbroker, who
sold it when the law allowed. Badges for
marksmen and Masonic emblems appear
in goodly numbers. How they got Into
the hands of the pawnbroker mi?" t fur
nish many an interesting and pathetic
Btory, but whatever the reason, no owner
ever called. Among the marksmen's tro
phies Is Valentine Lorz's gold King's Med
al, presented to htm in 1S59 by the Harlem
Independent Schuetzen Corps.
One of the most curious things in the
collection is a German badge, from fifty
to seventy-five years old. It is of gold,
showing a star in the foreground, and
in between tho points, as a background,
is, represented the German eagle. A-re
markable circumstance about this decora
tion that has found its way across the
ocean only to rest among other pledges
Is that it is bestowed only upon members
of the royal family or upon renowned
generals of the empire who may win it
by deeds of unusual valor. On one star
point is a crown, and underneath a letter
"F," supposed to stand for Frederic. The
decoration also bears this inscription:
"Pour le merlte."
A pledge of equal or even greater rarity
is a large medallion of Jefferson Davis in
closed in a leather case. It has the in- ;
scription "Confederate States of Amer
ica, 22 Feb. 1SG2," and "Deo Vindice." On
ly enough of these were made originally
to supply each member of Jefferson Davis" j
Cabinet before It was broken up. -
Back In 1S73, the officials and citizens
of Clyde. N. Y., presented to the Fire De
partment of Lyons, in token of generous
aid rendered, a finely chased and carved
speaking trumpet. Tho presentation was,
made on Oct. 8 of that year, and bore the
name of the Chief Engineer of the Lyons
firemen. His name was carefully erased
either before or after the trumpet started
on ita tortuous journey among strangers,
and to-day the trumpet is one of the old
soldiers in the shop. -f
A heavy silver-backed mirror left Or
ange, >«. J.. some time within the last ten
years. In 1890 the Orange Lawn Tennis
Club held an open tournament. The tro
phy was for ladles' singles, but /the win
ner never had her name carved in the
space set apart to Indicate that she was
the successful player. Of feminine and
masculine silver ornaments won at con
tests and given as presents there are
legion, fallen from their estate into the
hands of the businesslike pawnbroker,
only to be sold to. the highest bidder when
the time was up.
There seems to be a likelihood that be
fore long movable types for printing will
be done away with altogether and their
function, hitherto regarded as Indispen
sable in the art, performed by Ingenious
photographic processes. The books of the
near future, It is predicted,, will. be made
by photography, and it is not improbable
that even newspapers will be issued - by
methods in which the camera and dry
plate will take the place of the . font of
metals and the stereotype from 'a paper
matrix. .The prediction Is based upon re
cently patented inventions of a practical
character. The originator of the idea pro
poses to apply to the reproduction of let
terpress a process not very different from
that already used In the mechanical mul
tiplication of pictures.— Philadelphia Post
New Uses for the Camera.
A function recently given at Newport
by Mrs. Hermann Oelrichs was designed
exclusively . for women, but In order 'to
compensate In a measure for the absence
of the other sex the man In the moon was
there In all his glory. A large artificial
moon was provided. This moon, which
was about three feet across, was put on a
pole sixty feet* high, with a black curtain
at its back and sides, and placed at the
rear of the large lawn, and .was first seen
as the guests entered che veranda, where
the dinner tables were placed. The face
of the man in the moon painted on the lu
minous disk was twisted a bit and he ap
peared to be tipping a cheerful wink at
the dining party. This feature was Mrs.
Oelrlch's own idea and was most realistic,
as none of the "make-up" could be dis
cerned at the distance It was placed.— New
York Press.
Man in the Moon Was There.
Seven other sovereigns have incomes
reaching the million figure— the Sultan of
Turkey, who has $10,000,000; the Emperor
°£,,£ U8tria 2 ho has W.«5,000: Emplror
William of Germany, $3,852,770- Kin¥ nr
Italy, $2,858,000; the Queen of Enellnd
$1,925 000; King of Bavaria. V.4U.0W* and
the King of Spain $1,400,0000. The King of
Spain, however, has an additional $600,000
for . hl 3 £ amll i f - and the King of Italy
Ss^anfif UCt m hfS mlUlons U80.000 for
The one 'who obtains the bulk of his in
come in the most original manner la the
Sultan of Sulu. who raises it by fines Ha
has men whose business It is to watch
his subjects who are making mone/ind
as soon as a man gets something^aheild
he 1b charged with some crime and th»
J*» u " l3 a nne If a ma n has amassed
£&i or «n 1 ? a ? lBle< he J. 8 accuaed rtaomo
crlme « an d to save himself from prison
or death must pay a fin© of $1000 Tho
crown prince is often sent out to 'collet
The monarch who stands last on the
list as regards his Income is King Malle
toa Tanu of Samoa. He ekes out an ex
?« wyj&S 1 J2(5bOa /ear. The salary paid
n?tv niPVhl | 8S0r for upholding the dig
nity of the Samoan throne was $50 a
1^" 1 thS 1111 l hls sum he was well
satisfied. When the new king, a year
cam ? to , d S aw .Ms first month's sal-
e t st^ uck f £ r * 150 ' suld sot It-after
going to law about !t. The cashier of
the treasury, which is now controlled by
the Consuls of the United States, Great
Britain and Germany, at first refused to
pay the amount demanded.
The fact that the king is warranted In
drawing such a large salary Is: a souice
of gratification to his adherents, who ex
pect him to wear a clean calico shirt
every day at least on account of his new
accumulation of wealth.— Washington
Seventy-four men and two women di
vide among themselves the governments
of the world. In other words, there are
seventy-six rulers. Of these twenty-two
govern as presidents, fifteen as kings,
eleven as dukes and grand dukes, six as
emperors, five as princes and five as sul
tans. There are two khans, of Baluchi
stan and of Khiva: two ameers, of Af
ghanistan and of Bokhara; two queens.
Queen Victoria and Queen Wilhelmina;
one khedive, of Egypt; one shah, of Per
sia: one bey. of Tunis: one jnikado. of
Japan; one maharaja. of Nepaul, and one
raja, of Sarawak. Of these august poten
$&?,? °- ueen Victoria and her grandson,
\V illiam II of Germany, are the only ones
who sport two titles— the one queen and
empress, the other emperor and king
The most venerable of these rulers is
Sidi Ali Pasha bey of Tunis, born in 1S17
The youngest head of a nation is Wilhel
mina of Holland, born in 1SS0, the young
King of Spain not yet being seated on his
ancestral throne. In the spring and sum
mer seasons one-third of the birthdays of
these potentates occur, April, May and
August being the particularly favored
months. When it comes to civil lists tha
Emperor of Russia, who is said to be the
richest man in the world, can show the
largest bank account, 512,000,000 being hid
yearly income. This is no more, however
than some good citizens of our republic
have as their income!
The Sultan of Turkey Comes Next
With $10,000,000 and Samoa's
King Is Lost With {
$2000. I
TWELVE MILLIONS IS AMOUNT
THE CZAR OF RUSSIA GETS
YEARLY.
GREAT INCOMES
OF POTENTATES
"Cut everything down to the ; very
edge," said the old man, in a very busi
nesslike way. "There's a storm brewing.
Haul In sail. Stack up every dollar of
cash in the vaults that you can get your
hands on. Go into the money streets
and use the name of P. D. Armour for
all it is worth. Get every dollar to be
had, and then come back and tell me
about.it."
They all believed in their hearts that
the old man was setting panicky, but
they did exactly as he said. They pro
cured nearly $2,000,000.
"That's not nearly enough. Go out and
get more," he directed. "Don't be afraid.
Get every dollar you can, and get it Just
as quick as you can."
Finally they obtained $4,000,000 In cash,
and this, with securities on hand, footed
up $8,000,000. „
"Now maybe we can weather It, said
Mr. Armour, and his preparations were
hardly completed before the crash of 1893
came.
One of the first things to happen in the
desperate financial straits was a run on
the biggest banks in Chicago. One morn
ing a messenger brought word that a mob
was lined up In front of the Illinois Trust
and Savings Bank, and that the peopls
were demanding their money. Some of
the most conservative business men had
lost their heads, and the rush was enough
to stagger any set of bank officials.
Ogden Armour, son of the old man, was
a director in the bank.
"This must be stopped," said P. D.
Armour.
"He waited a minute to arrange the
everyday bunch of roses In the horn vase
on his desk," said the man who told this
story.- "and then he snatched up his hat
and started for the bank."
Mr. Armour mingled with the crowd on
the sidewalk In front of the bank, going
first to one and then to another, pledging
his own credit for the deposits. He never
left the place until the closing hour, and
by that time the run had stopped. He
went back to his office and Issued a call
for a meeting of Chicago business men
the next morning. Then he cabled to
London and bought half a million dollars
in sold on his own account. He ate a
little luncheon and drove out to Armour
Institute that afternoon as usual. He
watched the classes at drill and then
inquired blandly, "Is anything wanted?"
On his way home to dinner he stopped at
the homes of his two sons for a little
-visit. After dinner he said that . he felt
a bit tired that evening, and couldn't ac
count for it.— Chicago Inter Ocean.
"How's business?" he asked, cheerful
ly, as he sat down !n the midst of the
powwow and within range of twenty
telegraph machines.
"Never better; making money hand
over fist," said the managers.
In 1SS2 the old man was on one of his
annual trips to the German mineral
waters. At Carlsbad h«» met the mon
eyed men of Europe, and he put together
all the hints that he got from this one
and that one, and out of these hints he
evolved a theory. He packed his grip
and started for and the day he
landed in New York he telegraphed for
the heads of his departments to meet him
In Chicago.
Prepares for the Great Panic Almost
a Year Before the Storm
Swept the Coun
try. -
INCIDENT IN THE CAREEB, OF
THE MILLIONAIRE IN THE
DAYS OF '93.
PACKER ARMOUR
AS A FINANCIER
Remains With the Firemen.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19. — It was
learned to-night that Frank Sargent, chief
of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Fire
men, to whom was tendered I the j office of
Chief of .. the . Bureau of '. Engraving and
Printing, ,. has • decided v definitely not to
take the ; position; but to ' remain at the
head of the labor organization he now
represents. •
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— The annual
report of the Government Hospital for the
Insane shows a total of ; 2076 patients, an
increase of 13S, : the largest increase in its
history, and : predicts \ a total of 2275 in
mates at the close; of the present year.
There ¦ are 958 • Inmates taken ' from the
army,- navy and marine hospital service
of whom 256 were received during the past
year. ' '.. ¦ ' ' '¦"/¦; -"-
rjTTTSBURG, Nov. 19.— Simon Burns,
president of the Window Glass Workers'
Association, was elected general master
workman of the Hayes ; faction of the
Knights of Labor at Its recent general as
sembly in : Birmingham, Ala. - The other
officers chosen are: General worthy fore
man, Leslie McConnell of Alabama: gon
eral secretary-treasurer, John W. Hayes;
executive board— Thomas O'Reilly, . New
York; D.D. Chamberlain, Pueblo, Colo.;
Isaac H. Anderson, Toronto, Canada. i
. v V. _ '.
> Insane Patients.
Simon Burns Chosen.
CHICAGO, Nov. 19.— Thirty-two "West
ern roads have signed an agreement to
make a minimum charge on all bicycles,
tricycles and baby carrlag'es, regardless
of their -weight, instead of classing them
as baggage, as many lines have been In
the practice of doing.
Hereafter these articles will be charged
for the same as excess baggage, nothing
less than twenty-five cents per piece be
ing collected. If the weight la over fifty
pounds actual weight will be charged.
Bicycles, Tricycles and Baby
Carriages.
Western Roads Agree on Tolls for
CHICAGO, Nov. 19.— Six men were In
jured, two probably fatally, to-day by the
falling of the wall of a two-story building
in course of construction at 716 Forty
seventh street. - .
The Injured are: August Sllka, fatally;
Fred Henreith. fatally; Louis Host, Wil
liam Meinka, Mark Galligan and August
Savlating.
The wall had been condemned by the
building inspector and the men were en
gaged In tearing It down when it col
lapsed. .
MINIMUM PRICE FOR
CARRYING VEHICLES
Six Workmen Are Injured, Two
Fatally, While Razing a
Chicago Building.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— By agree
ment "between representatives of the Na
tional Metal Association and the Interna
tional Association of Machinists the hours
of labor of machinists throughout tho
United States, beginning to-day, were re
duced to nine hourse and a half per day.
Beginning May 18, 1901, nine hours will
constitute a day's work among the ma
chinists. In accordance with the agree
ment strikes and lockouts will not be re
sorted to in the machinists' trade. All
further disputes are to be settled by ar
bitration.
CRUSHED UNDER
A FALLING WALL
to Be Settled by Arbi
tration.
All Matters of Dispute in the Future
The population of the State of Pennsyl
vania as offlcially announced to-day by
the Census Bureau is 6,302,115, against
6,255,014 in 1890. This Is an Increase of
1.044,101, oV 19. S per cent. '_ne popula
tion in 1SS0 was 4,2S2,S91, an increase of
975,123, or 22.7 per cent from 1SS0 to 1S90.
SHORTER WORKDAY
FOR MACHINISTS
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— The popula
tion of Minnesota, as officially announced,
Is 1.751,394, against 1.301,826 in 1S90. This is
an Increase of 449,568 since 1S90, or 34.5 jfer
cent. The population in 1SS0 was 780,773,
showing an increase of 521,053 or 66.7 per
cent from 1SS0 to 1890.
* ing of the Ratio of In
/ crease.
Census Bureau Makes Public Show-
PENNSYLVANIA AND
MINNESOTA'S GROWTH
GUTHRIE. O. T.. Nov. 19.— Tern Phil
lips, a bookkeeper In the Guthrie Nation
al Bank, was arrested to-day, on a United
States warrant for embezzling 53300. His
bond was fixed at $3090. which he save.
An Embezzling Bookkeeper.
Murder a- Man at
Lyons.
LYONS. France, Nov. 19.— The Lyons
car strike is assuming grave proportions.
Yesterday the police accompanied the
cars, in one Instance saving a driver
¦whom the crowd was about to throw Into
a canal.
To-day the strikers overturned the cars
and the police, in order to disperse them!
¦were compelled to draw their revolvers.
Many arrests have been made.
Strike Sympathizers -Attempt to
CAB DRIVER IN THE
HANDS OF A MOB
BOSTON. Nov. 19.— While her father,
Edward Parker Deacon, now hopelessly
insane, drags out his weary days in the
McLean Asylum at "Waverly, Mass.,
beautiful 18-year-old Gladys Deacon has
become betrothed to Prince Lichtenstein,
a relative of Emperor William of Ger
many. For the first time in years people
in Parts, a letter from there states, are
talking of the Parker Deacons without
any more or less plainly expressed apolo
gies. The terrible tragedy of Deacon's
killing of Abeille. whom he had accused
of attentions to his wife, is forgotten In
the intensity of the American colony's In
terest in the romance.
The marriage of this beautiful young
girl, the oldest and loveliest of four
daughters, to a man of such rank and
standing as the young Prince will do much
to relieve the family from the scandal
•which has shrouded it ever since the fa
mous Deacon-Abeille tragedy ten years
ago.
After Deacon's trial for the murder of
Abeille there were numberless squabbles
over the four little girls. The result of
the first court decision was that the old
est child. Gladys, now soon to be Princess
Lichtenstein, was sent to a convent
where both parents might visit her. Dea
con then sued for divorce. Each made se
rious charges against the other. As the
outcome of It all Edward Parker Deacon
came back to America to live, while Mrs.
Deacon remained in Europe. Deacon be
came more and more unsound mentally
and was a few years ago committed to
the McLean Asylum at Waverly. It is
due to young Prince Lichtenstein that the
child of Edward Parker Deacon, her fath
er a maniac and her mother vowed to a
lifetime of expiation, for the first time
knows the meaning of happiness.
Karriag-e.
DEACON'S DAUGHTER
ENGAGED TO A PRINCE
Social Stain on the Family Name to
Be Removed by the
Drowned— November €. Company G.
Twenty-eighth Infantry. Guy F. Wooten:
Novpir.ber 12. Company F, Twenty-second
Infantry. William P. Miller.
Died from wounds received in action-
October 27, Troop G. Ninth Cavalry. John
McKenzIe; November 2. Company H
Thirty-third Infantry, Harry S. Johnson
Suicid* 5 — October 27. Company E. Eight
eenth Infantry, Sergeant William T.
Smith.
Killed by comrade — November 5, Com
pany K, Forty-ninth Inrantry. Andrew
Hardy.
Cirrhosis of liver— November 11. Com
pany M, Seventeenth Infantry, Patrick 13.
Rooney; October 25. Battery F. Fourth
Artillery. John P. Watkirs.
Typhoid fever — November 5, Company
M. Forty-seventh Infantry, George F.
Thomas.
Diphtheria— November 15, Company G
Thirty-fourth Infantry, Augustus F.
Waite.
Insolation— November 10, Company A
Seventeenth Infantry, Musician Harry T.
Raud.
Tuberculosis— November 12. Company G,
Forty-Eighth Infantry, Frank Munroe.
Appendicitis— November 14. Company M,
Twenty-seventh Infantry. Harry King.
Peritonitis— November 4, Company D
Twnty-slxth Infantry, Frank H. Crosby.
Inanition— November 13. Company L,
Forty-sixth Infantry. John D. Carpenter.-
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— General Mac-
Arthur's latest d.-ath list from Manila fol
lows :
Dysentery— November 15. Troop B, Elev
enth Cavalry. Melvin It. Houk: November
9. Company H, Forty-seventh Infantry.
James G. Terchel; October Cl. Company E,
Eighteenth Infantry. William H. Silvers;
October 29. Company K. Sixteenth Infan
try, John V. Ackiey.
Variola— November S, Company F. Thir
ty-^iphth Infantry. William Jackson; No
vember II. Company K. Forty-eighth In
fantry, Thomas Williams; November 9,
Company E, Forty-eighth Infantry, Louis
Kline.
Succumbed to Disease in* the
Islands.
MacArthur S«xids Uames of Men Who
3LIST OF CASUALTIES
FROM PHILIPPINES
one until a few weeks ago>^when abun
dant evidence was brought forward as
proof that the mummy could not- be that
of any other Egyptian monarch except
Meneptah. It is to Georges Maspero, who
is generally considered the greatest
Egyptologist living, that the world is in
debted for the solution of this problem,
which has puzzled so many scholars for
centuries, since he has not only proved
that the mummy is that of Meneptah but
has also shown that it was this monarch
and no other who was drowned with his
army in the Red Sea.
As the guiding spirit of the Archaeolog
ical School at Cairo, he was naturally
much interested when he heard of the dis
covery of the ten royal mummies at
Luxor, and his Interest was intensified
when he learned that one of them was
supposed to be the mummy of Meneptah.
Being obliged to visit France, he took no
part In the discussion that ensued after
Gorff's identification, but on his return to
Cairo some weeks ago he sent for the
mummy, and when it reached him from
the burial place in Old Egypt he sum
moned the famous Egyptologists, Bruchfl
and Daressy, as well as Gorff himself, and
with them examined the royal mummy
most carefully.
The examination showed beyond the
shadow of a doubt that the mummy was
that of* Meneptah, for not only did Mas
pero find the name of that monarch
clearly written on the mummy but he also
discovered various other signs and hiero
glyphics which convinced him and his
companions that the grim looking object
lying on the table before them was actu
ally the corpse of the mighty monarch
who had been drowned with his entire
host while pursuing the children of Israel.
The second fragment originally formed
part of a colossal statue which stood at
the entrance of a temple in Luxor, and it
Is an admirable likeness of Meneptah.
The head Is covered -with the royal mitre
and in spite of some blemishes the coun
tenance retains all Its old majesty.
To tho world at large, and especially to
biblical students, the positive identifica
tion of this royal mummy as that of the
great Pharaoh is a matter of quite ex
ceptional interest and will surely tend
to give some additional value and charm
to the wonderful story told in the four
teenth chapter of Exodus.
In spite of Gorff's reputation as an au
thority on matters of this kind there were
several archaeologists who disagreed with
him, and the question remained an open
While excavations were being made at
Luxor some lime ago ten royal mummies
were discovered In the tomb of Ameno
phes II, and among them was one which
the discoverer after a rapid examination
ldentilicd as that of Amenopbes IV, who
is also known as Kun-Aten. Several
archaeologists in Cairo and other Eastern
cities heard of this discovery and went to
examine the mummy, the result being
that one of them, Gorff, a noted Egyptol
ogist, unhesitatingly maintained that It
was not that of Amenophes IV. but on
the contrary was that of Meneptah, who,
as already said, was the second Pharaoh
of the nineteenth dynasty, being the suc
cessor of Rameses I and the father of
Rameses II. who was known to the
Greeks under the name of Sesostris.
monarch, whose audacity in pursu
ing th« children of Israel brought him
and his host to such an untimely end, and
it Is not surprising that biblical scholars
of all lajids have taken unusual pains to
learn all that they could about him. Their
first step naturally was to find out which
of the Pharaohs ho was. and many dis
cussions arose on this point. Some as
serted that it was Amazis, a distinguished
monarch of the twenty-third • dynasty,
while others maintained that it was
Meneptah. the second Pharaoh of the
nineteenth dynasty. Thanks to a recent
discovery, this question can now be defi
nitely answered.
fTrSHROUGHOlTT the Old Testament
I there le no more dramatic figure
**¦ than that of the haughty Egyptian
And Mor*s stretched forth his hand over the
sea, and tho sea returned to his strength when
the morning appeared: and the Egyptians iled
against it. and the Lord overthrew the Egyp
tians in thf midst of the sea.
And the waters returned and covered the
chariot* and the horsemen and all the host of
Fharaoh that came into the sea after them;
there remained not so much as one of them.—
Exodus xiv.. J7-2S.
PLEDGES FOUND IN
A CURIO SHOP
Rare Family Relics Parted
From Their Original
• Owners.
The Selt That Was Presented to Pro
fessor Hike O'Donovan by
THf: San Francisco .
Outside "of London and Paris there 1b
probably not a city in the world wheVe
such varied and unique collections can be
found as in the shops of the curio dealers
of New York, who make a business of
buying up articles at pawnbrokers' sales,
says the Times. If the pawnshops con
tain silent evidences of family and indi
vidual woes, the house of the curio dealer
has them multipled many fold, and with
them untold family histories, romances,
and even crimes.
Odd phases of human nature are often
revealed in the character of pledges, and
one of the oddest of these is often the
seeming indifference displayed by a nu
merous class who for various causes have
parted with gifts which have their names
engraved thereon. Just how and why
most of these articles find their way to
the curio dealer's shop before redistribu
tion to the general purchaser, once more
to go on their travels, Is a mystery which
no man may fathom. t
In a Bowery shop near Houston street,
where the proprietor, M. Rosenthal, buys
anything from a suit of clothes to family
relics, heirlooms and diamonds, are
pledges in one shape or another from all
parts of the world, and some of these date
back to the time of the Egyptian kings.
But, coming back to modern life, one of
the features of the collection Is the num
ber of trophies won by sporting men and
athletes, whose names are more or leas
familiar, and who have become separated
from their property, once proudly worn as
evidences of strength or skill.
A shining and conspicuous article !n the
collection from the pugilistic field is a
champion belt once belonging to Profes
sor O'Donovan, now instructor in ath
letics at the New York Athletic Club. The
belt Is a heavy solid silver affair, bearing
in front at the clasp an American shield,
flanked by the American and Irish flags
and this Inscription:
CINCINNATI, Nov. 19.— The experts
who have been working to-day with Re
ceiver Tucker on the books of the German
National Bank at Newport, Ky., place the
shortage of Frank W. Brown, the missing
assistant cashier and individual book
keeper, at $191,000.
According to reports from those who
wore with Brown when he left last Tues
day night, he had less than $500 with him.
Brown's salary was only $1^00 per year.
Cases are cited where he spent more than
that amount in one day. His bond v.a_s
for $10,000 and it Is good as far as It goes.
I'nlted States District Attorney Hill
will arrive to-morrow from Padurah.
when, it is paid, criminal procernllngs will
be besun. The Federal detectives have
certain parties under surveillance and
th«r<» are reports ;«»-night about the ar
r*>sts= that will follow on the arrival of
District Attorney Hill.
I>urirg the run on the German Nation
al Bank last Saturday $200,000 was secured
in Cincinnati to bridge over the trouble.
This was returned to-day and Receiver
Tucker had other moneys and papers also
transferred to Cincinnati.
Brown's system required a wonderful
memory. The experts say he carried In
his head the figures thst enabled him to
call off correctly a Jot of false entries In
a way to throw th* clerks who were do
ir.R the "checking" with him off the
track. A depositor would put in 13100.
lirown would *jiter the proper amount of
ih<> deposit in one book and enter It as
S100 in another. H* would take the differ
ence of $3000 himself. Then, when it came
to checking up he would handle one of the
books.
Another clerk would check and Brown
•would call off. Instead of calling off $100,
which appeared as the amount of the de
posit on the book which he was handling,
he would call it as $3100. thus making it
«. orrespond with the book In the hands of
th<? other clerk.
He also. It n> allege, worked It in
another way. A depositor would draw
out $100. Brown would make the proper
entry in one book and 'enter $3100 in an
other. When the depositor had his ac
count checked up, the figure? were taken
from the book in which the correct entry
had been made. When the bank official's
looked to sfp what amount was due the
<1*-pos=itor they were given their informa
tion from the books which showed that •
?:n<V> had been withdrawn. Brown had
memorized all the Individual accounts and
The experts flnti no private marks of any
kind on the books. The general ledger
was kept correctly and balanced with the
cash, while th* individual ledger, it is al
j^sed. was fixed to puit Krown's purposes, i
the former b^lns the one that the bank j
officials examined.
Memory.
?
The Experts Finish Their Work at
Ivewport and Place the
Total Shortage at \
$101,500.
His System Simple but Re
quired a Wonderful
HOW CLERK BROWN
FALSIFIED BOOKS
He then took notice of the claim that
cigarettes are an especially harmful form
of tobacco, and, while he conceded that
this might be the case, ho remarked that
this claim was of comparatively recent
origin. He held that cigarettes are as
much an object for State regu
lation as liquor, and he further
held that while no State law could
prohibit importation in original packages
it was entirely competent for a Legisla
ture to regulate the sale because of gen
eral belief in the deleterious effect of the
article.
>There was a dissenting opinion by Jus
tice Shiras. in which the Chief Justice and
Justices Brewer and Peckham Joined.
They based their dissent on the theory
that Congress has exclusive control of in
terstate commerce.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— The TJnlte.l
States Supreme Court to-day rendered an
opinion in the case of William B. Austin
vs. the State of Tennessee, involving the
validity of the State law regulating tho
sale of cigarettes.. Thu law was attacked
as an infringement of the right of Con
gress to regulate interstate commerce.
'"Die Tennessee Supreme Court upheld
th* law and to-day's decision sustained
that decision, though not without disap
proval of the positions taken, and then
on a very narrow margin, four out of nln«
members Joining- In a dissenting opinion
and another member of the court, Justice
White, placing his assent upon grounds
different from those announced by Justice
Brown, who handed down the opinion.
The case grew out of the importation of
cigarettes into Tennessee from North
Carolina. They were taken into the Stato
in the ordinary sized cigarette packages,
about two by four inches, and these pack
ages were loosely thrown into baskets,
which were uncovered.. The claim was
made that these cigarette packages were
what is known to the law as original
packages; but, without clearly defining
an original package, the court held that
It was clear that such packages could not
be so considered.
Justice Brown, In passing upon the case,
said that the packages were obviously
made up with the view of evading the
law, and as he spoke he held one of the
little cigarette cases up to tho view of
his auditors. • On this point the decision
of the State court to ine effect that the
packages were not original was fully con
lirmed. On another phase of the case, the
State court was not so fully indorsed.
The Tennessee court had held that cigar
ettes are not an article of commerce.
With this view Justice Brown took Issue
and he delivered quite a dissertation upon
the subject. Whatever is an object of
barter and sale is, he said, an article of
commerce, and must be so recognized.
Tobacco had been such an article for four
hundred years. It had been made iho
subject of taxation and. indeed, had be
come more widely scattered than any
other vegetable growth. Probably,
he added, no other vegetable growth
has contributed so much to the
comfort and solace of the human
race. This being the case, it was entirely
beyond bounds to say that tobacco was
not an article of commerce.
Article of Commerce and
Must Be So Recog
nized.
Tobacco, It Holds, Is an Established
the United States Su
preme Court.
? — : ¦
Opinion Handed Down by
SUSTAINS THE
CIGARETTE LAW
PHARAOH'S MUMMY
FOUND AT LUXOR
Remains of ther Despot Who Was
Drowned in the Red Sea.
•litii SiiViN' I'lUix.ClbUO CALL, 'jLlJjiC>L)Ai.', JNO V -V, li>^o.
by his numerous friends of San Fran
cisco, Cal., for his gentlemanly con
duct as a boxer. IVllUara RHey. J.
Staples, P. Dorcey, J. Keardon. J, Mc-
Carthy, M. Price, M. Keys.
Champion Middleweight of America.
Beaten by Billy Crowley, May 18, 1868.
Beat Mike Conway, June 22. 1866.
Beat John Poyne. January 12. 1868.
Draw with Jim Murray. August 29, 1S73.
Beat Billy McClellan. April 6. 1ST8.
Beat Billy McClellan, May 18, 1S78.
Presented to
MICHAEL O' DONOVAN
8
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tele^pn.0 p ART RIDGE *»
WHITE iSB STEA3I C0AL, t i u i^ e bEa^
DIAMOND COAL. MIXING CO.. at Its CREEM
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal In tha
market. Office and Yards— U> Main street .
COPPERSMITH.
CW 8hlp P1 «rnfclns. Steamboat and
n- OJlllIl. ship "Work a specialty. 18 and
IS Washington it Telephone Main 6611.
i¥S^HT »S HEALTHFUL f
# ' |& A Natural Mineral Water *
O *ltf vith metJ!cIn sl qaalltlss, O
o i '/i*j|& For Indigestion and 2
* A pfpL Stomach Disorders. °
g /^^^So^alled VICHY*
iSfSl IN SIPH0NS o
1 3S? but vighyI
o«^li$8 Get the Genujn3 o
O a. V1GN1ER. Distributing Aeertt?
<*o#o«o#o+o+o#o*o<«>oWo<»q*o*o*
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S qreat|
$MUSEUH OF ANATOMY?
0 Qh ua KA2SH si. ut ««a. 3.1. w. i
\ rST The Ltrrest Anatomical Museum in tho \
9 4e<yfe>*k. v;oTld - wetknessw or any contracted 4
& IrisfOT JtoeMe.Pesitlwely e«r«Kl by the oldest T
® fetssl s P eclall » cutht co«u. E*t 36701*. «
A fl|gf A DiU'.j33AN-PnTMTE O'SEASES*
A f WHWH (.equitation frea and strictly priTjte \
&R Wfi Trti'meni p<T»onBlly or b r letter. A^
\ H V ll R Amim Cm% in e»ety cue undertaken. T
0 9 fl ' II tr M^«» f 5 r «*S olc - ra "-osupav«ri
T I I? "»»niAOE, maileo ffasn. < aw
A Q JL »»lu»Sle boot fox men) * \
fn^!? 1 } we , sa y "rupture cured" we mean It
lit S r? D thou sands of cases. Nothlne else
dress- ° r ' end ' cents ln •t«np«. Ad-
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
O^^roa^:^^^ '
Weak Men and Women
1 a^ I> Meiwn I>AMI^ NA BITERS. T*1K
f DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
fiTMCTOWpS ¦ °V GO NORRHOBA. GLEETS.
Price n a bottle. For sale by dru«Ut».^
ELECTRICAL.
r>. r>. wass,
Electrical Engineer. 38 East st.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS-BOYES&CO. l^f^fe^^^ 104
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Paclflo
Metal Works. 137-9 First it.. San Francisco.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD * ELU3.
418 Front at., a P. Phone Main 1H9.
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils. Schneider's M!nln«
Candlas. C. O. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. 3. F.
Pears' soap is nothing
but soap.;
; Pure soap is' as gentle as
oil to the liynigr skin.
Pears; is it he, 'purest and
best toilet" soapVin all the
world. . N";.;^ir£vji
; All 8ort« of people w It.' $11 torts of stores
¦ell it, especially druggists,;.; •.'. ""«»«•
ADVERTISEMENTS.
,*><By OEWEY.STRONG &CO.^gg^ -
g j
\©^330 MARKET ST. S.fXS^
remeux^ for Gonorrhea
*2C£fiPcCli£»\!H £!£?'• fl P«f»»to 1 rhai,
w fc"* 9 . unnatural rti.w
«££y oummJ \2 ct> ar 8M. or any inflitroma.
Bnju-j sot to itriaMf*. tion. Irritation ur ulc?rr»
R*— 4j?r««ntJ conumoa. tion of DiilCOUl ME-
br3t » e "- -N'on-astrinsreat.
i2SLe!MKMmO.J!P5| Sold bj UrHCRjsU.
WTk U.S. A. >H8nS r TOnt ln * laln wrapper,
• }ffiak. US*\ b T exprMa. prepaid, tot
a ~- » liif esns en request.
Dfi. HALL'S BElNYIGORATOBSJgfg
Five- hundred reward for any SZflibl
case we cannot cure. This 9ecr " J*" ¦ ""|
remedy stops all losses in M hours, i 5
cures Emissions, lmpotsno. Vart- EgJ
cccele. Gonorrhoea. .Gleet. Fits £T7 PTJJ
Strictures. Lost Manhood and aU |^l
TvastlriK effects of »el J-**u*» .»' i^L.g££
excesses Sent sealed. $3 bottle. 1 tUTir IMH1M
hr trill h- guaranteed to cur» any case. Ad-
Sr«- HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, m
Broadway Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 107JV,
Stertwt £. S. F. All private disease, quickly
Sired? Send for free book.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailsd
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer.
503 California st.. Clanle bulldlnj.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J C WIT rr f ft 9 00 Battery Stre«t.
J«^. nlLOUil Q WU-» Telephone Main 1SS4.
OALVANIZINO AND METALS,
1/Ttg. A Dealer ln Metals & Galvanizing. JOHN
FINN METAL WORKS. «5 Howard »t.
PRINTING.
E.C HUGHES, mflgRaF.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.. - _ „ .
O First it.. Saa Francisco.
SflXJtSfffitf § i 1 1 A Mil J ml IBS M*i S&IlwM 1 1 yj B Atti 9 K ri r I /^^S^^^^3t3
2 Every mother possesses information of vital value to her
young daughter. That daughter is a precious legacy, and
* the responsibility for her future is largely in the hands of the
mother. The mysterious change that develops the thought-
less girl into the thoughtful woman should find the mother
on the watch day and night. As she cares for the physical
well-being of her daughter, so will the woman be, and her
children also. -
When the young girl's thoughts become sluggish, when
she experiences headaches, dizziness, faintness, and exhibits
an abnormal disposition to sleep, pains in the back and lower
limbs, eyes dim, desire for solitude, and a dislike for the
society of other girls, when she is a mystery to herself and
friends, then the mother should go to her aid promptly At
such a time the greatest aid to nature is X.ydla l£ Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound. It prepares the young
system for the coming change, and is the surest reliance in
this hour of trial. "
The following letters from Miss Good are practical proof
of Mrs. Pinkhanrs efficient advice to young women.
Miss Good asks Mrs. Pinkham for Help.
.._ _, __ June 12th, 1899.
Dear Mbs. Pinkham :—I have been very much bothered for some
time with my monthly periods being irregular. I will tell you all about
it, and put myself in your care, for I have heard so much of you. Each
month menstruation would become less and less, until it entirely stopped
for six months, and now it has stopped again. I have become very ner-
vous and of a very bad color. I am a young girl and have always had to
r work very hard. I would be very much pleased if
you would tell me what to do." — Miss Pearl Good
J^^0^^^l Cor - 29th Avenu e and Yeslar Way, Seattle, Wash.
$St The Happ y R esul *. i
"111 S^ *^¥*? ..t, *J February 10th, 1900.
W <&>) «££* W "Deab Mbs. Petkham:— I cannot praise Lydia
Vi , . ff E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound enough. It is
J just simply wonderful the change your medicine
\ ~^D j has made in me. I feel like another person. My
yf work is now a pleasure to me, while before using
>g^5^^ I your medicine it was a burden. To-day I anv a
A^^^yy fev> Wealthy and happy girL I think if more women
*^7k \ je£4\i H w<rald use y° ur Vegetable Compound there would be
te*iv /f^frillj less sufferin £ &i the world. I cannot express the
t^&Z&J&MlA'&l rel5ef ! have experienced by using Lydia E. Pink-
MI55 PEAfU GOOD ham's Vegetable Compound."— Miss Peabi. Good,
i fc ' — -*l Cor. 29th Avenue and Yeslar Way, Seattle, Wash.
$@B8 ffiX £f^L /S^L A B?UU ADR Owin; to the fact-that tome skeptical
H fl '¦ '¦ ¦> i A * a% &* Vg& EA fK 9 1 P e0 P Ie »*?? from tim* to timo questioned
Hn *j I i i \ A SCiiaha Si faBfiSy? tiis *^ n i.ienew of the testimonial letters
fina 3 Z It; 3 . . . . . . „ , we are coniuntly publishing, we have
H j* t ~ 2 ' ! deposited with the National City, Bank, of Lynn, Mass.. f 5,00a,
P E3 Oi 3 i 1 : : which will be paid to mny person who can show that the above
• Q&f 'S'Hy «qiy «>« *«timonial is not genuine, or was jjublished before obtaining tho
>^ \sy "*«»r t*bt writer s special permission.— Lydia E. Pinkham Msoici.nb Co.J D Bradley, Merced
W T Smith. Pa
K Bush & w. Setma
E MaJloy. Dutch Flat
Mrs. R. Elliott. Cal
Miss E Dreypolcher.Cal
W Armrtrong. Cal
J M Roberts, Potter Vy
D J Stubbs Reno
L. L, Richards. Carson
L C Koberg. Healdsbg
C F Gunley, Sonora
A L Moore, Sonora
J W Dunlap, Mich
T M O'Haloran, Cal
E C Hart. Sacramento
J Jacobs, Sacramento
C S Pierce, Fresno
G B Wood & w. III
J Paseholly. Ariz
L, E Anturn. L Angeles
Mrs Simpson. 3M
H K Stahl, Fan Jose
J H Lewis. Salt Lake
M F Martin. Shasta
R Xixon & w. Yreka
P Musto, w & daughter
Stockton
C S Sholes, Topeka
A Smith. L Anjteles
O H Spring, w & child,
Arcata
J Christlensen, Alaska
B Meyers. JC Mexico
C O McGlU. 'Woodland
C C Bush. Redding
R Barthez, Mexico Cy
C F Foster. Coronado
J C Mcnk. Cbluaa
J Greesbaeh & w, Sao
J W Glenn. Stockton
W C Swain. Cal
« M Atchinson. Cal
E Caryl. Courtland
H D Kercheval.Courtld
Ii W Thompson. Stanfd
OPDMock, Stanford
W B Sherman & w.Cal
Miss Mitchell, lone
R C Lawrence. Boston
J S Rowan, Crockett
J T Grace. S Rosa
F EUlott. Cal
W II Valentine, Cal
O H Foster & w, Cal
J M Mrfiungr. Ukiah
L J McFall, XevadaCy
T H Ramsey, fal
H it Smith. Ohio
H C Hubbard. Stanfrd
B Baum. Ltvennora
Miss Conway, Army Pt
Miss Solomon Army P
Miss M Flynn. Utah
S J Polanl. San Jo««
J T JlaJenvtlle, Cal
T P Boyd, San Rafael
P C McCIeary. Sacto
E Sweeney, Reno
-W F Knox.Sacramento
F C Hatch. X T
I* O Stephens, Fresno
M Goldsmith, Stockton
PALACE HOTEL
W Shaw. Sacramento
J H Dleseher. Sacto
Mrs I J Grant. Mo
C Franklin. Australia
W S Goodfellow. Cal
W McKee. Bakersfleld
W J Wajrner, Bf-rkely
H Francta, S Rafael
II J Xeale, Mexicoi
H Z Osbourne, L» Ang
G W Lane. Cal
W C Ralston & w, Cal
F Searles. Cal
W McCr«ery & w >
Burlingame
Mrs E J Mackay, do
E M Durrani, Los A
G R Patton & w, Cal
C Leonardt. Los Ang
G S Cochran & w.Ca!
WT A Sherman, Ctah
Mrs L G Firth, Ofclnd
J T Malory. Alaska
J Dalton. Alaska
T Beaudry A w. Cal
E S Thomas. Boston
C L. W«bb & w.Wash
W P Hammond & w,
OroTtlU *
H L George, Mo
A O Foster & w.Wash
T H ' Oxnard. Los An
J F^ Parks, Jackson
F C Havens & w. Cal
Mrs J B McCune.Mass
S Tokio. Bodie
V H Harvey, Gait
H WCWlds. H-Iena
Mrs W J Stone, Wash
ington, D C
Miss Stone, do
Mr* Witmer. do
A. lloir. Sydney
A C Xelson. England
W J Wiley. P Alto
F Kandall, Astoria
II J Gosse & w. Reno
E F Hall, Sacramento
A Benedict. N" T
E H Patterson. N T
P F Flowi. N T
Miss G Flood, NY
P Compton & w. Ens
B Hlckmntt. Cal ¦
A Moreno, Csta Rica
J B Gliders t«eve. Cat
J P- Wltmark, NY
GRAKD HOTEL.
HOTEL ABHIVALS.
"Wife Charges Him With Technical
Desertion — Other Actions Insti
tuted and Decrees
Granted.
Dr. Arnold A. D'Ancona, a member of
the present Board of Supervisors, was
made the defendant in an. action for cSl
vcice filed yesterday by Lillian M. D'An
ccna. Mrs. D'Ancona alleges technical
desertion as cause of action. Dr. D'An
con? was married at St. Helena, N'apa.
County, on September 23, 1SS6. Since the
marriage husband and wife have resided
i.i this city. Their home life was alwayi
supposed to be. amicable. The suit now
dissipates this supposition.
Suits for divorce were also filed yester
day by Daisy V. Keeney against Frank
XV. Keeney for desertion, Mary J. Booth
against George H. Booth for failure to
provide and Julia M. Graham ugalnst
James H. Graham for cruelty.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Victor E. Olsen from Bernardina Olsen
for desertion. Mina J. de Berna from Car
los F. de Berna for cruelty and George
E. Luce from Geraldine J_.uce for deser
tion.
SUTERVISOR iyAHCONA
IS SUED FOB DIVOBCE
Eitch. in Pool Appeal Cases.
-• ?:r:afr.t« rn the appeal cases
.--Erc?:-*t the p<-»c's*=i]f>rs were not heart! be
t( ra Jodget Cook and Dome In bank yes-
The Board of Public Works was author
ized to receive proposals and enter Into a
contract for sweeping the public streets
from January, 1501, to June 30. 1901, at a
cost of JGO.GOO.
Supervisor Wll3on called attention to
the fact that the board had no le?al right
to grant permission for spur track privi
leges, though many such privileges have
been granted in the past. Wilson quoted
the charter to show that the selling of a
franchise to the highest bidder was the
only manner in which the privilege could
be prop«rly gTanted. The question was
referred to the City Attorney after an or
dinance granting permission to the City
Warehouse Company to build a spur track
connecting with the belt road was de
feated.
The resolution granting permission to
the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Com
pany to set back temporarilv four feet the
south curb of Union street between Hyde
and Larkin was finally adopted. The res
olution provides that before the exercisfe
of the privilege the company must file a
bond for $10,000 that it will within five
years reconstruct its cable system and
will lay its tracks in the center of the
street named.
The City Attorney was requested to give
an opinion as to whether or not the city
may be charged with any of tne expense
Incurred in resetting the corner cesspools
and curbings of unaccepted streets or for
the performance of any other street work
on such streets; also what if any portion
of the expense must be borne by the prop
erty owners.
The ordinance authorizing- the Board of.
Public Works to dispose of all street ma
terial removed from t;he public street*
which Is unlit for further use thereon to
any department of the city government
desiring to use the material was finally
passed, notwithstanding that the charter
specifically provides that such material
must be removed to the corporation yard.
The Board of Public Works waa directed
to advertise for proposals and to enter
into a contract for the construction of
bunkers on the city lot at Eleventh and
Bryant streets for street sweepings, at an
estimated cost of $r.i»5.
The funeral of the mortal remains of
Sven Gumbrinner, past great sachem of
the Improved Order of Red Men. was held
last Wednesday afternoon. Great Sachem
Brandon officiated at the service in the
hall and A. Dawson at the grave.
During the semi-centennial celebration
El Dorado Parlor of the Native Sons and
Orinda Parlor of the Native Daughters
bad headquarters in the Red Men's build
in.?. The two parlors. In appreciation of
the many kindnesses shown by H. S.
Winn. then the superintendent of the
building, presented him a few day3 since
a pair of tine gold cuff buttons.
Modoc Tribe had a smoker last week
after conferring the chiefs degree on ten
candidates. '
Ioka Council was instituted at Vallejo
last wee'* by the great Pocahontas. Mrs.
Jennie Weiset. It starts with thirty-five
charter members.
Ramona. the new local council, will
adopt ten strangera on the 2Sth Inst.
Improved Order Red Hen.
On the night of the loth Inst.. the lodg«3
of the Degree of Honor of Oakland -ten
dered a reception to Grand Chief of Honor
Mrs. Flora J. Nay. Evelyn Fay Mayon.
P. G. C. of H.. waa chairman of the corn
mittee. On the night of the 21st Inst..
there will be a reception to the grand offi
cers by Silver Star Lodge. The grand
chief of honor and other grand officers
¦will visit Silver Spray and Ferret Me Net
lodges In this city on the 27th inst.
Ivy Lodge has arranged for an enter
tainment to be given on the 5th of De
cember. It Is entitled "In Our School
Days." and la to be a burlesque. Dancing
will follow.
Degree of Honor.
A joint meeting of the lodges of Solano
County was held In the castle hall of Sui
sun Lodge last Thursday night and ways
and means were devised to have Solano
County well represented at the session of
the Supreme Lodge In San Francisco in
1302.
Colonel Kidd has been re-elected for the
term of four years and XV. A. Fish his
been elected colonel of the Second Regi
ment.
Last Monday nisht Brigadier General
MeGla?han mustered In University Com
pany No. 13. Uniform Rank, at Berkeley.
Charles R. Bryant ia the captain. George
XV. Gunn first and Elmer Harms second
lieutenant. Among the prominent mem
bers of the rank present were: Colonel
XV. J. Kldd and Lieutenant Colonel F. W.
Morocco of the First Regiment, retired
Brigadier Generals F. A. ilergtrire and
Herman Schaffner. Colonel Nearny, chief
of staff, and Colonels J. P. Abbott and
George Samuels.
Thomas A. Nerney, colonel and assist
ant inspector general of the California
Brigade, Uniform Rank of Pythias, has
been promoted chief of staff, with the
same rank, that of colonel.
voiced by Colonel Richmond, who said
that the events of the past month, which
culminated with the feast at which they
were, marked the sunrise of a new day
for Pythianism in this city and vicinity.
Some time ago, when the master of
the exchequer of Rathbone Lodze o£
Jackson. Amador County, died, it was
discovered that there was J140O of the
lodge funds which could not be found.
His bondsmen were asked to make the
amount good to the lodge, and, as they re
fused to do so, an action at law was com
menced against them and judgment was
rendered in favor of the lodge.
ICieff papers Rive particulars of an ex
t:-aordlnary relieleJus community in that
city, whose chief tenet Is Idleness. They
are known as the Melevantchina, from the
name of their founder, Corrado Malevan
in* who waa released from a lunatic asy
lum in 1ST2 and straightway began to
propagate his strange sect. Basing them
sf-lves upon the parable of the lilies which
"toll not. neither do they spin." the Male
vantehina reject all work except that of
the household, wear coarse, somber gar
ments and restrict themselves to a diet
of bread and cheap fruit*.— London Ex
press.
A Religion of Lazinss.
The New Yorker brought the letter to
the Sun office", and when he was informed
that it was part of a Spanish bunko came
he was disgusted and surprised. From
all over the United States have come
stories of victims of this fraud, but it
is evidently still a new Btory to many
people.
"A man came In here last week with a
similar letter and sent a cable dispatch.
It looks a bit queer. I think that I woull
Investigate If I were you."
"Is that letter from a Spanish officer In
prison who wants you to take care of his
daughter and his fortune T' asked the
manager.
"Yes." said the New Yorker. "How did
you know that?"
The Spanish bunko game, which has
been exposed frequently during the last
twenty years, lost a victim in this city
last week, by mere chance. The usual pre
liminary letter from the Spanish officer
who was In prison, offering one-quarter of
a fortune of J-50,000 to the recipient If he
would take care of bis daughter, now In a
convent, was received by a well-known
business man. The Spanish f officer, as
usual, explained that h'is mother had been
a distant relative of thi3 New Tork man.
and hence he appealed to him. He asked
the New Yorker to cable to his daughter
at an address in Spain If he would take
care of her. The New Yorker had never
heard of this bunko same and decided to
send the dispatch and see what came of
it. He went to the cable office and asked
the manager if there was such a place In
Spain as that mentioned In the letter.
The manager told him tnat there was, and
the New Yorker pulled out his letter to
make sure of the address.
A Spanish Bunko Game.
JAMES D. PHELAN, Mayor.
If It is ccrr.retent fcr the charter to requlrw
the County C.erk aad Sheriff or any other offi
cial to r-as* examinations as to their fitness for
ofnee and be appointed by the Mayor or Board
of Fup^rvisor*. a? is confessedly true. It «e»ms
absurd that the deputies in these offices cannot
be required to pa?s an examination as to their
CualiSeatlons. Hence the literal and narrow
construction of section SH of article XI of the
constitution Is something I believe the Supreme
Court wtU not uphold.
The only objects of the civil service provl
»ior.s cf the charter is to take the small places
in the City Hall out cf the glit of the politl
ciar.s who kII the recipients cf these offices
Into a po!iti<^al bondage. The men thus have
no protection ar.d are thrown out on the street.
BO matter how faithfully they serve, on a
change of administration. In fact, there la no
incentive whatever to faithful service ef the
public.
This decision of course affects only the so
called county officers and leaves civil service
Intact ia the Board of Public Works, Board of
Health. Election. Fire aad Police commissions.
Judre Cock decided that there was nothing ia
the law or constitution to prevent examina
tions for .these departments belnv held. The
very object of the people la adopting: section
?4 was to brlnr all the orfleei la a consolidated
city and county government under the civil
sen-ice provisions. The prcp!e voted for this
in rood faith, the charter-makers provided for
it in good faith and nrrw by technical construc
tion an attempt Is made to destroy It. We will
make a rood ft^ht and hope to recover the lost
ground ca cur appeal
"We pledge oar nominees for the different
city and ccunty offices to co-operate In the
strict observance of the letter and spirit of the
civil »ervlce provision of the new charter," and
the Republican platform read. "Our candidates
for all cf flees are pledged to rtrictly aad Im
partially enforce, the pravis'.ons of article XJII
upon civil service in the new charter." Instead
of this I have evidence that several of the offi
cers elected oa these platforms hare labored In
underhanded causer to restore ths spoilt sys
tem.
This <iuesticn should never have been raised.
but should have been acquiesced in. But now
thit Judge Hebbard has enjoined the Civil
Service Commission la conducting examinations
we •will consult with our attorneys and ascer
tain the best plan to pursue. Our object Is to
r*« an. expeditious hearts* by the Supreme
Court.
Every reform h*s a hard roaJ to tnveL In
thli case the spoilsmen ia the City Hail, cvAy
misfiful of their terrirorary poeltlooj, united
to defeat the civil eervice. I desire to call at
tention to the fact that both political party
platiorrna rtrocfflj- Indorsed, the civil service
and that these rr.en. by covertly trylnc to de
etroy It la the courts, are violating their
pledges. The Democratic platform r«»ad:
Mayer Phelan gave out the following
statement on Judge Hebbard's decision:
Declares Suit Never Should Have
Been Brought.
Out at the City Hall there is an air of
quiet satisfaction. Thoee who have not
yet faced the ordeal of examination now
feel more certain of their ground, while
those who have and who passed, and who
felt that for life they were provided for,
refuse to see the soundness of the court's
views. However, the end is not yet.
PHZLAN BLAMES SPOILSMEN".
Commissioners Richard Freud and John
E. Qulnn had no comment to make. Mr.
Freud said he had not decided as yet
what action he would advise, but pre
sumed that the attorneys would prepare
the plan of future action. Mr. Quinn had
crJy heard of the decision. He had not
read the same, he said, and not being
conversant with the purport of the de
cision would retain hi3 views until later.
that his client's position was the cor
rect cne and that he would remain in the
case until Judge Hebbard"s decision had
either been affirmed or reversed by the
Appellate Court. v
John Garber of counsel for the plain
tiff said that he had no comments to make
on the caae. He was satisfied, he said.
the cas» to the Supreme Court. In the
meantime, however, the Civil Service
Commission is powerless to act against
its adversaries.
was a member of Saxony Lodge of th»
Knijrhts of Honor, having held his mem
bership In the lodge for twenty-one years.
The late Sven Gumblnner, who was a
past great sachem of the Improved Older
of Red lien and whose funeral took place
last "Wednesday, was also a Knight of
Honor, holding membership In Ivy Lodge
At the meeting of Terba Buena Lodge,
on the 12th inst., one candidate was ini
tiated by the officers, who did the work
in a very creditable manner.
There were 146 deaths during the month
of October, six having occurred In this
State. All these claims have been paid.
Knights of Honor.
The late Thomas H. Caswell, who was
the foremost Masonic officer of the world.
4
Ancient Order of Workmen.
Deputy Grand Master Danforth, Grand
Recorder Spencer and Grand Recorder
Miss Loretta Donnelly of the Degree of
Honor paid a visit last week to Ukiah.
where there was an enthusiastic meeting
in behalf of both branches of the order.
After the meeting the visitors were the
guests of honor at a banquet tendered by
the members of the lodge at Ukiah.
The visit to Valley Lodge last "Wednes
day night by the membership of the San
Francisco extension committee was an
exceedingly interesting one to the large
number of members and visitors who were
present. The meeting was addressed by
Past Grand Master Workman Barnes,
Colonel Walter Molioy, secretary of the
committee; William Broderlck, S. G.
Whitney. P. L. Archibald. Will J. Beatty.
E. F. Joy, J. J. Hayes, H. Grimshaw and
Deputy J. J. Cunningham.
The grand recorder's office Is getting a
lot of literature ready for distribution
during th» early part of the coming year.
At a meeting of the corporate directors
last week the Issuing of the official organ
of the order was turned over to the former
publisher, W. H. Barnes.
During the pest two weeks Los Gatos
Lodge No. 75 has Initiated sixteen candi
dates. On the night of the 10th inst. Har
mony Lodge initiated eleven candidates
Division No. 5, A. O. H.
At the meeting of Division No. 5, A. O.
H., last week, there waa a large
attendance. Among the visitors were
County President J. J. Donohue, Judge
Michael Cooney, Rev. Father Barry and
P. B. Lynch. After the initiation of
twelve strangers, the good of the order
committee took charge and presented an
entertaining programme composed of
the following numbers: Introductory,
President Frank S. Drady; piano solo,
John M. Miller; address, Judge M.
Cooney; remarks, Thomas A. Kerrigan;
Irish jig dancing, Messrs. R. and J.
Lynch; tenor solo. John M. Glennon; ad
dress, J. J. Donohue; selections. Emerald
Glee Club; piano solo. George Lynch: re
marks, Rev. Father Barry; Irish Jig danc
ing. Joseph Kelleher; vocal duet, R. G.
Drady, • H. S. Colman; tenor solo, E. P.
Hogan; vocal solo, Frank C. Sullivan;
song, P. J. Heney; remarks, T. P. O'Dowd.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
T. J. Johnston of Court Justice presided
at the last held meeting of the board of
Chief Rangers of the Ancient Order of
Foresters, held In Foresters* Hall, and XV.
C. Roberts of Court Eureka performed
the duties of secretary. Deputies of courts
Robin Hood, Eureka, Star of the Mission,
Twin Peaks, Apollo, Bournemouth, Jus
tice, Sherwood Forest. Santa Amanda,
Garneld and America presented interest
ing reports of the conditions of their re
spective courts and spoke of the increase
In the order during the month of October.
The work of the board of deputies has
been quite effective, as the visits of the
members of the courts nave attracted
a larger attendance and have resulted in.
a subtantial gain in the number of mem
bers.
Court Star r of the Mission on last
Wednesday night had a smoker In Its hall,
which was attended by a large number of
friends of the members. Samuel Sever
ance, sub-chief, was the sire of the even-
Ing, and under his direction there was a
good programme of musical and literary
numbers. There was plenty of smoking
material and light refreshments.
HAPPENINGS IN
LODGE ROOMS
NO CIVIL SERVICE
IN COUNTY OFFICES
Continued From Page One.
W. H. Cawdell, a colored man, was
found dead yesterday mornlngr on the
steps of the lodging house, 1S4 Jessie
street. He had been on a spree for more
than a month and was eoirc to his room
when death overtook him.
A Victim of Alcohol.
The "Western Union Telegraph Company
filed a libel in the United States District
Court yesterday against the schooner
Guide to recover $S000 for carnages to a
submarine cable belonging to the plaintiff.
For Damaging a Cable.
Peter Morrison was booked at the City
Hall Police Station yesterday on the
charg-e of grand larceny. Morrison stole
a horse and buggy belonging to Al Dodge
of the San Francisco Theatrical Guide,
and after driving It away stripped the ani
mal of its harness and undertook to sell
the same. He was caught in the act and
placed behind the bare.
Charged With Grand Larceny.
lowing Morphine.
Mrs. Aurella B. Gardner, a widow 60
years old residing at 3419 Sixteenth street,
died yesterday morning from the effects
of morphine taken by herself with sui
cidal intent.
She had been in the habit for years of
taking morphine for the alleviation of
pain. She visited Dr. Miller at 1044 Valen
cia street last Saturday night and re
quested him to write her a prescription
for a palliative mixture, the chief ingre
dient In which waa morphine. Dr. Miller
did so, and Mrs. Gardner had the pre
scription filled. The directions given her
by Dr. Miller were to take only a tea
spoonful of the mixture every two hours
Mrs. Gardner took half the contents of
the vial at one dose and wrote a note to
Dr. Miller to refill the prescription, but he
refused to do so. knowing that sufficient
time had not elapsed for Mrs. Gardner to
have consumed the contents of the vial
Immediately after the note had been
dispatched, the poison began to take ef
fect, and Dr. Soper was called in. He waa
unable to pet Mrs. Gardner out of the
comatose condition Into which she had
sunk, and ehe died at 2 o'clock in the
morning.
AURELIA B. GARDNER
ZOT>S HER STJFFEBINGS
Aged Widow, After Years of Sick
ness, Commits Suicide by S-wal-
The Mayor waa authorized to sell at
public auction seven horses of the Fire
Department.
The Board of Public Works was author
ized to explode blasts within the city lim
its for grading purposes or for the pur
pose of performing any street work.
City Attorney Lane reported that the
A. C. Widber property in Santa Clara
County had been purchased at Sheriff's
sal© by the city of San Francisco for
$20<W, or $350 less than the valuation set
upon it by the board's expert. The costs
of sale amount to $77 75, and taxes
amounting to $54 30 are due upon the prop
erty.
The ordinance submitted by the Board
of Public Works and intended to regulate
the maintenance of automatic sprinklers
in buildings and manufacturing plants
was referred to the Fire Committee.
The Federation of Mission Improve
ment Clubs petitioned for th« placing of
fifteen lights In various localities In the
Mleslon district.
The Board of Public Works was au
thorized to make arrangements to have
the street lamps lisrhted earlier in the
evening and extinguished earlier in the
morning than they are at the present
The National Athletic Club was granted
permission to give a boxing exhibition In
\ovember. Tobin opposed the permit on
the ground that the privileges had been
abused in the past. Reed stated that the
club had paid a license of $1000 at the be
ginning of the year and was entitled to
give one more entertainment before its
expiration. ¦
The Quong Chow Chinese Benevolent
Association was granted permission to
play music in Its building at 412 Pine
street in the mornings from November 25
to 23 till 2 a. m., and on November 30 till
6 a. m. The period covers certain re
ligious services.
A resolution was passed to print In
which the Independent Electric Light and
Power Company was granted permission
to install a tank with a capacity not ex
ceeding 10,000 barrels In which to store
crude petroleum to be used as fuel under
its boilers in block 465 of the Potrero.
The Board of Public Works was direct
ed to secure for the use of the city eleven,
bronze lamps, such as were formerly used
to light the streets surrounding the City
Hall. and which are now missing, and to
replace the lamps that cannot be found
with others of similar pattern, the ex
pense to be paid out of the surplus of
$2745 89 in the street lighting fund.
An ordinance providing for placing a
roof over the photograph gallery on the
Hall of Justice at a cost not to exceed
$1600 was Indefinitely postponed.
The Board of Public Works was author
ized to complete and furnish the Morgue
building; also to inclose the elevator
shaft in the Hall of Justice building at a
cost not to exceed J16CV, to be paid out of
any moneys that may be remaining to
complete the building.
The ordinance providing funds for the
acquisition of land for St. Mary's square
in two installments of $50,000 each was
postponed for one week.
An ordinance was passed to print order
ing the construction of sewers In An
dover. Crescent and East avenues, and
providing for the creation of an assess
ment district to pay the expanse.
On motion of Reed the Board of Public
Works was directed to furnish fuller de
tails of what furniture the Sheriff's ofnee
needs.
The Auditor and Treasurer were direct
ed to set aside out of the appropriation
for urgent necessity the sum of $6500 for
the purpose of moving and furnishing the
rooms mentioned.
The Mayor's veto of the demand of the
Secretary of State for 1723, oeing for 2S0
reams of ballot paper used in the last
election, was referred to the Judiciary
Committee. The Mayor's reason for his
non-approval of the demand was that the
price charged, 12>s cents per pound, was
exorbitant, certain paper houses having
offered to furnish tne same paper for o
and 6 cents per pound.
The Board of Public Work3 was direct
ed to At up and furnish rooms and offices
for various boards and officers in the City
Hall, viz.: Board of Public Works, Jus
tice's clerk. Board of Health, Election
Commission, Civil Service Commission,
Tax Collector and Justices of the Peace.
Resolved. That this Board of Supervisors is
not satisfied with the manner in which the
city's Interests are being caxed for, and the
Tax Collector is hereby instructed to see that
the above actions are brought to a conclusion
and final Judgment without one day of unneces
sary delay.
Wherea3, The Issues involved In the said
actions are matters of hundreds of thousands
of dollars to this city, the total amount of
which Is getting greater e-.ery day by reason
of the telephone company's continuous refusal
to pay any o£ the amounts due or any portions
of them: therefore be It
Whereas, Many months hava elapsed since
then, and no further progresa has been made,
the cases having been postponed from time to
time; and
. Whereas, The said Tax Collector pursuant to
said Instruction did. on May 2fi last, file two
complaints against the said telephone company
in the Superior Court; and
Whereas, The Tax Collector was Instructed
by resolution No. 3S7, dated April 23, 13C0, to
collect the moneys due this city aad county
for certaia licenses from the telephone com
pany, then and now delinquent; and
Supervisor McCarthy called attention at
yesterday's meeting of the board to th©
fact that persistent delays have marked,
the actions brought by the city against
the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company for the payment of Home fciOO.OOO
In license taxes remaining due and un
paid on Its nickel telephone machines.
McCarthy explained that he was in court
last Friday when the case was called,
and though the telephone company's at
torney was ready to proceed the Tax Col
lector's attorney was not present and the
case was again postponed. The resolu
tion wad adopted. It directs the Tax
Collector to see that the action is brought
to a speedy conclusion. It says:
Committee "Will Consider 3£ayor's
. Veto of Exorbitant Demand for
Ballot Paper — Morgue Build
ing Ordered Completed.
Board Directs Tax Collector
to Bring Them to a
Conclusion.
OPPOSES DELAY
IN TELEPHONE
LICENSE CASES
Resolved, That the Board cf Public Works
is hereby requested to pave Market street from
tecor.d to Sutter and Sansome streets with a
substantial, modern pavement. In order to pro
vide aa entrance to Market street from the
business centers of th» city over a smooth and
modern street pavement other than by way
cf Montgomery street.
The ordinance directing: the Board of
Public Works to pave Clay, Sacramento
and ashington streets from Montgom
ery to Sansome and Pine street from "San
some to Battery with asphalt on a con
creta foundation was laid over for one
week. The Board of Public Works had
recommended an Inferior pavement of
bitumen on a basalt base Instead of on
a concrete base, as recommended by the
Street Committee, As the charter pro
vides that the Board of Public Works
must make the recommendation, the pav
ing of the streets named may be Indefi
nitely tied up.
The Board of Public "Works submitted
the following table, showing the cost of
paving the various streets named with
various pavements:
VThT-as, An undue amount of traffic from
thu business portions of that part of the city
east of Montgrraery street and north of Mar
ket street is diverted to Montgomery street on
the way to Market because of the smooth pave
ment of Montgomery street, thus often con
gfcsting that street with travel not natural to
it: and whereaj, the continuation of the pave
ment of Market street from Second to gutter
and Sansome streets will largely relieve the
said congeetion by opening up another route
of smooth pavement from the business portions
of the city to Market street via Saniosa* street
Xow, therefore, be It
Supervisor Reed, who evidently desires
to keep up the g-ood work, introduced the
following resolution providing for the pav
ing of the block on Market street from
Second to Sansome, which was referred to
the Street Committee:
Th6 board yesterday directed the Board
of Public Works to pave Grant avenue
from O'Farrell street to Bush with as
phalt on a basalt and cobblestone foun
dation, at an estimated cost of $7087, less
the sum of $2500 to be contributed by prop
erty owners.
The desire ot the Board of Supervisors
to pave a few streets before retiring from
ofHce Is bearing fruit, and It Is possible
that the present municipal administration
will hava at least three blocks covered
with a modern pavement as a monument
to Its energy in the management of mu
nicipal affairs.
of Old Material
Adopted.
Ordinance Illegally Disposing
Grant Avenue the First to Be Paved.
Supervisors Order Improve
ments in Downtown
District.
GOOD PAVEMENT
TO BE LAID ON
SOME STREETS
The City Engineer made a report that
-he watershed tributary to Lake Merced
r.a» a-u area of T.*S scuare xsiles or 473-)
urea. Of this amount WOO acres are
tributary to the north lake and 3130 acres
:n the souih lake, cf wrhlch S3 1 ) acres and
' " f-ref. respectively, are ovrned by the
Sprir.tr Valley Company. The storage
¦ aria city of both lakes Is about I.IQO.OjO.'JjO
glltoti*, that of the north lake alon- be
ir.z ~},Vk<.<)0Q gallons. The latter Is re
ported to have not been used for a cram
t*r of >-*>ars past. T^e connection be
•¦kw.". the two lakes has be<-n kept closed.
the discharge fceir.s allowed to flow into
the ocean. The purcpiru? plant can dc
¦ ¦siater from the lak^s into the city
lstrfbctlnjr ?y«teni of -r'.res at the rate
: ut 7,006.000 ra'ior.s a day.
Brms&csstda ranted for several mln-
Ut*t >ver what he termed the "discourte
ous reply cf the Superintendent to a cour
t«oos re<;u»H«t of the beard." The letter
m finally referred for action to the Ju
d:ria.rT Corr.rnitte*. of which Branden-
Bttln is chairman.
»¦»:.! cf arprec:ation cf those duties or of a
reluctance to discharge them accordin* to law,
ar.i that ts it has attemrte^ to shift Ita duties
and prerrratlves relat:r.» to the repair 'cf
school fculliin«s ani ar-J*irter-ane««. and re
cently nes.ected and refused to authorize
r.'cessary repairs. It is dif3cu.it to discern how
tr.ry have any policy to be hampered. Re
er.ectfu;:y submitted. P_ H. WEB5TEH,
Suj)er;r;tender.t cf Schools.
"The Strperinter.fier.fs letter is discour
teous to the board." sail t-i* ilayor. "The
Superintendent has set himself above the
charter in the matter cf school repairs.
Thoug-h the City Attorney, who is his
>sraJ adviser, has rendered an opisioa
That repairing ct schools must be dona
by the Board of Public 'Works ca the or
<i'pr of the Beard cf Education, the Sj
'r'rteter.dert has s^en Ct to consult *n j
attorney of his o-wti from whom he re- I
c<-:-. f-<\ a. contrary opinion."
Th« feellcr? of the Board of Supervisors
were considerably ruffled yesterday by a
letter wtich was received from Superin
tendent cf Schools Wetster, In which ne
calls the beard to account for directing
him. to reply to a Question which he coa
e.ders is not the board's business.
The letter, wnlctx ia ge:r -explanatory.
follows;
To ttn Hancrabl* Board cf Surerriaors: I
«3i inrorrcefl that j-our honorable board a-Jort
*i a resolution in th« renewing; wcrda:
"Resolved. That Mr. R. H. Webster. Super
i.-.tes'Ient cf Public Schocls cf this city and
cocaty. ia hereby requested and directed t<\
'.nforra thin board ca or t-ef?re November 13.
i>J0, .whether fc* »i:i ndtt vieniaiid* for eer
vicw rendered cr work dese !n connection irUa
the repairing cf any «choolhouse or «iicr
property beior-fina- to cr under the control of
tr.e Boerl of Education, provided tfce Board of
Edacatica and Board cf Public Works, acting
jelntlv. c«jif« sail service* f3 be rendered or
*s.id work to be dcn«. ar-d axrrf" 1 '* «aJd de
xnand. prior to the presentation thereof to Mr.
¦Wetsrpr for hie sr.froval."
In r»j:y ts th:t resolution I ttf ta ftate tfcat
I ds not rfeer=;*e your right O direct rse f>
dectar» in advance what I mill cr will not do
fn acy matter iiiteiy to c*>n:e before me in my
crSctal carartty. I know cf no warrant of law
cr juctlflcatlon ia official courtesy for such a
course ra yjur part. However, disreffardin*
pear ass'isyjties cf authority asd mindful cf
that cificial oourtesy- wfc:ch should alwajs exist
b*iw»en the dlJTerer.t departments o* the city
• nd county j-overaaaect in the proper adminis
tration cf its affa.r*. I have the honor to say
trial I ans not cacn?riW cf a=y warrant or
authority for th* Board of E>ducatioa aad th«
E^ard of Public Works -to act jointly in any cf
tfc« matters referred to :n ycur resolution, so
far as I BSdontaaa Its neiirj. I am advised
ty ir.y attcrsey that the. Board of Education
ha* exclusive power t:> act is the matter re
ferred to. and this be:ny the law cf the case.
ti whatever £rcp«r action the Board cf Education
shall take ia the creruie»s will receive ray la
c rsTT.ent and all proper demands created by
them w.:i be audited by me In nr official ca
ra.c*.ty at ti-e proper DIM aid ia the prsper
rr.a.r:r.er.
I urn Informed that j"^ur resolution above
referred to was the result cf a cocnrnanicaticn
cr the Boat-5 <~t Education to th« Board cf
Superviscrs ot recect cat*, whereia that board
is quoted as saying: 'Much as it desired to
orcplv w-.th charter provisions concerning r»
rairs to school buildings. Its policy :s harn
j^red fcr the Superintendent at Schools, who
at*.i-3t<?!T refuses to e'.gz. demands for labor
I la accordance therewith."
Mr reply f> this statement 1» th$t if th«
B.mrf of Bducatlca is at all hampered la the
cf its duties. It la because cf a
Beport ca. the Lake Mer
ced "Water Sheds.
Discourteous— City Engineer Piles
Mesibers Prcnomica His Strictures
Superintendent Denies the
Right of Board lo Put
Questions.
WEBSTER HURTS
FEELINGS OF
SUPERVISORS
held to be a wise and salutary regulation,
but it was unreasonable to claim that
paper, corn husks, potato peelings and an
innnltesinmlly small proportion ot ashes
could not be burned as fuel in a furnace.
That was not the class of refuse aimed at
by the ordinance.
terday afternoon as arranged. When the
Judges had taken their seats on the bench
an affidavit was presented by George- D.
Collins, the defendant's attorney, that h«
was engaged in Judge Hunt's court and
could not be present. District Attorney
Byinjrtcn was ready, but after consulta
tion, the Judges decided to hear the argu
ments to-morrow afternoon, provided the
Hoff murder trial did not interfere ar.d
if it did the arguments would be per
emptorily heard Saturday morning. Seven
cases in Judge Mogan's court were con
tinued till Saturday pending the decision
on the appeal cases.
when it stands alone. The fact thk:
Shakespeare uses a word, or Sir Walter
Scott or Burke or Washington Irving, cr
whoever happens to b* writing earnestly
in Melbourne or Sydney. doe3 not make it
reputable. The fact that all five of the?*
authorities use the word in the aam-j
sense would go very far to establish the
usage. The practice of no one writer.
however high he' may stand in the public
estimation, is enough, to settle a point;
but the uniform or nearly uniform prac
tice of those whom the world deems the
best speakers or writers is decisive.
The use of English approved by this
standard is. as Professor "Wendell say3.
"only a phase of good manners."
Bad English— that is. English onUkS
that which is used bv well-informed an-1
careful writers*— produces in the mind o*
a well-informed reader an impression of
vu'.srarity or Ignorance similar to that
which we get from seeing a person ea:
with his knife. It Is with language aj
with clothes and conduct. Persons who
wish to b« classfil as cultivated r*op!s
must not only dr->-? and act like cultivat
ed people, they m\:?c also speak and write
like them.
Here. It Is necessary to Interpos* a cau
tion for the benefit of these persons who
are quick to condemn an expression a*
bad English because '.t Is either Illogical
or different from what they have be«n
taught. In language the law of good U3*»
13 superior to toe law of logic. For ex
ample, "She was handed a chair" (In
stead of "A chair was har.ded her") tj an
illogical expression, condemned for that
reason by some grammarians, but since
It is found In the writings of writer*
whoa the world considers amonsr the b««3t,
it is now recornizM by many rf the b»st
Judges as "good English." Again, since
"good English" Is determined by tha
usage of the best writers ard speakers.
who sometimes disagree in their practice,
especially if they live in different parrs o*
the English-speaking world, it follows
that some expressions cannot be pro
nounced absolutely "rig'ht" or "wrong."
since usage regarding them is divMetl.
For example, some locutions used gener
ally by the cultivated people of the Sotttfi
are never used by the cultivated people of
the North; yet for a Northerner to con
demn these expression 5 as errors wouli
be ha.«ty dogmatism. If a person is writ
ing: for th* general public he shouM a\"oi>1
expressions that are not used In the .=am-j
sense in every part of the country: but
there Is no reason why he should be »o
particular In familiar conversation. Col
loquial English (i. e.. ths English of ordi
nary conversation^ 13 as "good" in it*
place as literary English (L e. . the care
ful and exact English of standard litera
ture).
In general the best way to become fa
miliar with good English and to form th^
habit of using it is to read the best litera
ture. Language, like manners. Is Iearr.e«.I
for the most part by Imitation, and a per
son who Is familiar with the language oT
reputable speakers and writers will use
good English without conscious effort.
Just as a child brought up among reflne-1
people generally ha3 good raaners without
knowing It. Good reading ia Indispensable
to good speaking or writing. Without th!^>.
rules and dictionaries are of little aval!.
In reading the biographies of eminent
writers it is Interesting to note how many
of them were ereat readers when they
were young; and teachers can testify that
the best writers among their pupils ara
those who have read good literature or
who have been accustomed to hear good
English at home. The student of expres
sion should begin at once to make the ac
quaintance of'good literature.
To become acquainted with good litera
ture, however, takes a long time. More
over, the use of correct English 1* not a:
together a matter of Imitation. The au
thor's llttie boy, two and one-half year*
old. often uses atrocious English from
mere ignorance of the distinctions be
tween certain word* ar.d word-forms. 33
when, for Instance, he says: "Is them gn
ing to get them's dir.r.er?" Some Instruc
tion In the use of the mother tnnsu» Is
therefore necessary: ar.d following paper*
will treat of how to avoid some common
blunders.
determine good use.
Nor is good use to be learned from our
favorite author, unsupported by otii«r au
thority; not even from the English Bible.
LISH.
BY -PROFESSOR H. G. BtTEBTLER.
MGHT SCHOOL COURSE.
IE. HOW TO WRITE GOOD ENG-
l skilled, and thl3 Jumble of styles dees net
The feneral object of thi3 course is to
present in simple and practical form
some fundamental facts and principles
regarding the use of our mother tonsue
and the appreciation of its literature
which every intelligent person ought to
know. The special object of the first pa
pers will be to draw attention to some
common blunders, "and to show how to
avoid them. Before approaching, how
ever, the subject of blunders, it will be
well to define what is meant by "good
English," and to make clear the standard
by which tn« "correctness" "or "incorrect
ness" of language should be judged. By
what authority do we say of a. certain
expression that it is "right" or. "wrong"?
Is it becausethe .makers of grammar say
it ought to be so, in the nature of
things? Or because the makers of dic
tionaries say it ought to be so. from the
history of ths expression? Or^hould we
look for the finai decision to soms other
tribunal?
Good English is the English used by the
best speakers and writers. Nothing more
and nothing less. And "bad English" is
simply English unlike that used by the
best speakers and writers. You observe
that nothing is said in this definition
about grammars or dictionaries. These
much-<iuoted books, though they nay
record good usage, have little or no in
fluence in determining It. Our language
was spoken and written according to cer
tain fixed laws long before we had any
English grammars or dictionaries, and it
would continue to be so spoken and writ
ten If all our grammars and dictionaries
should be destroyed. These books in
their way are extremely useful, but they
have llttie more influence in establishing
the character ot "good English" than
books about the tides have in ordering
the majestic rise and fall of the ocean.
Grammar is merely an account of the re
lations which words bear to on? another
when they are put together in sentences.
A dictionary is merely an account of the
accepted forms and meanings of words,
considered by themselves, often with
some account of their history- Each of
these books must get its information by
observing the usage of the best speakers
and writers. And if, as has often ha.p
pened. the usage of the best speakers and
writers changes, grammars and diction
aries must be changed, too. For the
fundamental thing Is usage, grammars
and dictionaries being only convenient
handbooks, recording for ready reference
v.-hat professional Investigators have been
able to learn about the words and sen
tence structure used by the best speakers
and writers. If we find a grammar out.
of accord with the usage of the best
speakers and writers we should revise the
grammar, and not criticize the writers
and speakers.
But who are the best speakers and writ
ers, whose manner of using the mother
tongue makes law in language? Not nec
essarily the best speakers and writers
among our acquaintances and friend3; for
the chances are that the conversation of
even the best ot our associates contains
many local expressions, some slang, and
possibly some blunders. "You often hear
it" i3 not proof that an expression is good
English.
Nor can we with certainty learn good
use by observing the practice of writers in.
newspapers. Newspapers of high rank
contain from time to time, especially in
their editorial columns, some of the best
modern prose, and much literature that
has become standard was first printed i!i
periodicals; but most of the prose in news
papers is written necessarily by contri
butors who do not belong to the class of
"speakers or writers whom the world
deems the best." As the newspaper in
it3 news records the life cf every day, so
in its style it too frequently records the
slang of daily life and the faults of ordi
nary conversation. A newspaper contain. 1
bits of English prose from hundreds of
different pens, some skilled, some un-
Copyright, 10OO, by Seymour TAt<m.
NIGHT SCHOOL: HOW TO DO THINGS.
MATTERS OF INTEREST TO TAXPAYERS.
TMJ5 SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1900.
The judgment, which was written by
Judge Burnett and concurred in by the
other Judges, was that the conviction of
the lower court be reversed on the ground
of lack of evidence. The ordinance was
The defendant appealed against his con
viction on the grounds that the ordinance
was an unreasonable exercise of police
power: that it was void because it 'did
not provide a maximum charge to be
made by the Sanitary Reduction Works,
and for lack of evidence.
A decision was handed down by Judges
Cook and Dunne and Judge Burnett of So
noma County yesterday in the appeal case
of G. Valente, a scavenger, convicted in
the Police Court of violating ordinance 12
regulating the disposal, of garbage by
sending it to the crematory.
versed on Appeal for Lack
of Evidence.
The Conviction of G. Valente Is Ee-
GARBAGE ORDINANCE
UFH KIiD ON APPEAIi
Th<» effect of the selection of San Fran
cisco as the place for the convocation of
the Supreme Lodge of the Knights of
Pythias in 1902 has aroused enthusiasm in
the membership in the domain of Cali
fornia. Under the direction o£ Sir Knight
Colonel Albert Richmond, a new degree
team has been organized in Unity Lodge
in this city. This organization proposes
to perfect itself in the exemplification of
the work so as to be able to present it in
a letter perfect manner before the su
preme body. A. new company of the
Uniform Kank has also been organized in
that lodge It will be equipped according
to the general order recently issued,
namely. United States cavalry regulation,
with the exception of the distinguishing
emblems of Pythianism. The company
will be armed with cavalry sabers and
will be the first company so equipped in
this domain. On the night of the 1st
In*t the new degree team, for the first
time, gave the knight rank in Pythian
Castie in the presence of as many mem
bers as could crowd into the hall. The
esquires received the instructions neces
sary to entitle them to wear "the golden
smir " The team was assisted by Univer
sity "Company. Uniform Rank. Captain
Charles R. Bryant; the members in uni
form adding to the splendor of the scene
and making the work, always dignified,
still more imposing. After the ceremonies
there was an adjournment to the banquet
hall where an excellent collation had
been set out by the members of San Fran
cisco Temple of the Rathbone Sisters.
Past Grand Chancellor S. XV. Powell pre
sided and after a short address to the new
knisrhts bid all enjoy- the spread and
afterward called on the after-dinner
sneakers. - The consensus of opinion was
Pythian Knights.
9
\
STREETS.
|sl|lii|§ii|gif
= 23i r-?5! rSs! &ff|
o*SJ -i? =»•£? §§•*
f-Mi!i!SN
: S5! <§£ a§E : 3 S
: =-; ? ;-i o gz»J : «£
Pine «tr»»t
Sacramento street....
Clay street
Grant avenue ,
.. 13.133 J3.032 J3.57: J4.233
.. J.C77J 4.KJ 4,668 S.4S3
.. 3.U1I 3.SSS 4.492 5,:»7
..j T.OSTi 10, 452! 12,353 14.SS7
\
STREETS.
|sl|lii|§ii|gif
= 23i r-?5! rSs! &ff|
o*SJ -i? =»•£? §§•*
f-Mi!i!SN
: S5! <§£ a§E : 3 S
: =-; ? ;-i o gz»J : «£
Pine «tr»»t
Sacramento street....
Clay street
Grant avenue ,
.. 13.133 J3.032 J3.57: J4.233
.. J.C77J 4.KJ 4,668 S.4S3
.. 3.U1I 3.SSS 4.492 5,:»7
..j T.OSTi 10, 452! 12,353 14.SS7
TTNTTED STATES BHAXCS.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE S1ST
day cf t>ecetnber. A. D. 1S39. and for th»
year »r^lr: en that day. as made to th<s
Insurance Ccmroisaior.er cf the Stats cf Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the pro-visions of Section*
«10 and «11 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Comaaissioner.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned fcy company C.14-V,3O 'IS
Loans oa bonds and mortgages 330. CO*) CO
Cash market Talue of all stocas asd
bonds owned by company 3.73*. SC3 >3
Cash in company's ofSce 2.ZHI 21
Cash In banks !«.S13 C>
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 44.C27 43
Interest due and accrued ca to-.!}
and ctortitages l.RS oT
Premiums In due coursa ot collec-
tion CS3.3W5 4<5
Rents due and accrued 1XC2 47
Amount receivable under perpetual
policies MS 27
Total assets fZ.ZW.SiZ <U
LiABiLrm:3.
Losses a<SJ«st-<J asd unpaid E2.2S3 TL
Losses In process of adjustment or
In suspense -. 4Z3.T79 Vt
Losses resisted. Including «p»r.s««.. c2.SC3 O
Gross rremiums on lire risks rusnir.sr
one year cr less. OJtltJB S3; rein-
surance SO percent 1.3S3.M2 94
Gtoss premiums on fire risks rannln?
more tlian om year. S4.Z2.101&3:
reinsurance pro rata S.a<«.S15 23
Amount reelaimable by the Insured
oa perpetual fire insurance policies K5.S5 47
Liability under life department...... 12VCS S3
Due aad accrued for salaries, rent
etc C3S Q
All other demands asainst tae com-
pany 173,013 O
Total liabilities ~ .*4.753.<w: 43
INCOME. ~~
Net cash actually received for fir>»
premiums W.CC3.C3 a
Received for Interest en beads ar.d
mortgages 19.327 33
Received fcr Interest and dividends
on bonds. stcck3. loans, and from
all other aources 154.731 71
Received for rents M.0O7 C
Total incase )4,£^,X3 33
EXPENT>rrC"RE9. ~~ ~
Net imonnt taM for flre losses (In-
cluding |453,«C3 3o, losses of pre-
vious years) fZ.H3.ZS: !»
Paid or allowed fcr corsiaisslca or
brokerage W.lu ;¦!
Paid for salaries, fees, and other ~ -- ..
charges tor ofneers. clerks, etc 345.C3 C9
Paid for State, national and local
taxes A 133.S3S1
All other payments and expendi-
tures 9D.30 15
Total expenditures. *4.3S3.«7 13
Lnas*^ fncurred darics lh» year (fire). CXJ.SS7 #3
Risks and Premiums, j Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of risk*'
written dorin* the!
year { $OO.S38.0C t B.33.131 13
Net amount cf r1s*s:
expired during the
year I SSX»73.447 4.773.12! 71
X#t amncnt m force!
DeCTmbCTM. 1*33 j 7JI.MO.751 ! T.ltg.3C3 S4
E. F. BEDDALIa U. S. Manager.
Suwcriced and sworn to before me. this 334
day of January. iOWJ.
EDMUND H..VBVET. Notary Public.
ROLLA V.'WATT, toger,
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT.
ROYAL INSURANCE BUILDING,
Corner fine and Sansome Sts.
BRANCH OFHGE 310 PINE STRETS.
\ GORDON & FRASER, >1»n»aer».
[WeMCffljLQOinYu
People are gradually learning that
health depends oa food, and the wiser
the selection of food the more perfect the
condition ot health. Grape-Nut* food is
the zsoct scientifically made food in* exist-
ence, and Is perfectly cooked and ready
Cor icst&at use.
"I thought at first It was the effect of a
medicine I was taking, but one of the
fAzaily suggested that it might b« Grape-
Nuts, for Grap«-Nuts had the reputation
cf being a great nerve builder. la order
to be eure. I quit taking: any medicine
whatever, but continued the use of Grape-
N'uts. ¦*•
••On the eighth day the dizziness en-
tirely disappeared and the headaches
WF-re very Ellght. I felt almost like a new
man. and in three weeks after I began
using the food was entirely well, and am
row In better health than I have ever
been. My own case proves the truth of
the claim that Grape-Nuts food is a great
vitaiiz^r and brain foo<i." — Win. J. Woods,
:r;T Holmes street. Kansas City, Mo.
"About this time our grocer, by mistake,
KSt cp a package cf Grape-Nuts instead
of eose otter goods ordered. I thought
I would try It. having no Idea that it
would In lay way benefit my health, but
the Crst day after using the food I no-
ticed a decided change In my condition.
My severe headache did not appear as
Msml. and I b<»gaji to have an appetite.
"A r^rsicias whein I consulted told me
to give cp rcy position at once ar.d go to
some- watering place for my health, for If
I did not it would only be a question of
a short time until death would claim me.
I dM not fee-1 able to give up my position.
but my condition kept getting worse, and
finally ray skin turned to a Eort cf green-
ish color, appetite left and I was thor-
oughly discouraged.
A young rr.an clerk In a larg? store In
Kansas City had a. carious experience
with food is related to fcis health. < He
rars: "About ten ircsths ago a dizziness
came upon rr.<? each morning, kept grow-
ing worse, asd a. headache would inva-
riably cotne on in the afternoon, and after
meals I would have vomiting spells which
wnuld leave tse very weak; also there
•wiL* a burning sensation in the locality of
rny heart, and mar.y nights I have not
slept a wick.
Wcrk "When Properly Fed.
DID NOT LEAVE HIS JOB.
Conld Held Dotii Aziy Amount of
GEAPE-NTJTS.
Last year thirty-nice millions sterling
of depositors' money waa paid into the
English Postofflce Savings Bank and thir-
ty-five millions paid out.
There Is a "kick" among the old sol-
diers at their home near Leavenworth,
Kan?. The cause of the growl is because,
as they allege, of an insufficiency of salt
and pepper fn their food.
N1ATE W\
7TMAKES NO DIFFERENCE A/
r LIEBIG %
_ COMPANTS EXTRACT _i
OF BEEF.
. ITKEEPJItT/TREKGTH ;
\^ and FLAVOR in GREENLAND /
TRAVELERS X>O YOVj^
Xk J'EE THE POINT? /*>on S line of Turk street. 137:6 W of Larkin.
W 137:6 by S 137:6; »10.
Jacob Schlosaer to Emma L. Palache (wife
of R. K. and Juliet' H. Lumbard). lot on W
line of Scott street. 107:6 N of Green, N SO by
W 1C0: $10.
Henry M. and George L. Whitely to Hugh
Tevis, lot on N line of Broadway. 159 W of
Devlsadero street. W 33 by'N 137:6; J10.
Louis Meyers (as administrator estate Jachlel
Meyers, by B. P. Oliver, commissioner) to
Hibtrnla Savings and Loan Society, lot on W
line of Broderick street. 125 N of Grove, N 25
by AV 100; J50OO.
Hartland and Ada Law to L. H. Sly, let on
SW corner of Greenwich and Broderick streets.
S 273 by W 108:2; also lot N line of Filbert
street. 208:2 W of Broderick, W 60:7, NW 15:10,
NW 123:5. E 46:11, S 137:6; also lot on SW
corner* of Broderick and Filbert streets, S
137:6 by W 102:9: J10.
William J. Armstrong to Ella B. Armstrong,
lot on B line of Cole street, 108:9 S of Waller,
S 23 by E 125: also lot on N line of C street,
107:6 W of Ninth avenue. W 25 by N 100; gift.
Cera B. and Sidney V. Smith to Edward W. 1
King, let on S line of Sacramento street. 137:6 I
W of Walnut. \V 68:9 by S 132:7%: HO.
Henry Felge to Catherine Kenney, lot on
W line of Shotwell street, 215 S of Nineteenth.
8 30 by W 122:6: J10.-
Jonathan and Anna Anderson to Sinclair
Trimble, lot on S line of Liberty street. 200 E
of Castro. E 25 by S 114; $10.
Robert E. Dolan .to Michael Dolan. lot on N
Hartland and Ada Law to L. H. Sly, lot
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
ICEW YORK. Nov. 13.— The selling pressure
again proved more than the market could ab-
Borb and prices are very generally lower as a
result: There .are a few excertlons, both in the
railroad and Industrial dc-Dartments. but the
ctrength in thete few stocks was not free from
an appearance of manipulation by the bulls
for the purpose of sustaining the market and
encouraging renewed buying f or the advance.
The downward course of rrices promptly eet in
tfter the market had opened generally higher.
l^iEier money in London and the extent of the
advance ior Americans prompted some specu
lative venture :n that market and the stories
cabled from afcroad of greut Trunk Line con
¦OUOsucoa, showing that the rumor monger
had been regaling the liritith public with much
t-fce same kind or fare at that which has been
on Wall ttreet lor fcvme time past. The lower
prices here in New York attracted buying by
the arbitrage brokers, which served to sustain
the market, but on contir.uc-d evidence of de
pression London turned seller and liquidated
very heavily, the tales on balance being esti
mated at upward of 4'j.00<i shares. Selling from
domestic sources was also very large. Th*
railroads as a rule were mast affected and
many standard stocks were forced a point or
over below Saturday's level. In the late deai
lngs a ttrong demand developed for Northern
Pacific, which carried it up 2S to 6S*i. Great
Northern preferred rose easily an extreme S
points, but this rally, while it affected the mar
ket generally and drove the bears to cover, did
not hold, lung Flock coming out on the ad
vance. When the bears perceived this they
made a fresh attack and drove prices down
aeiiin. and while the level of the market did
not fall generally to the early low point, the
closing was active and easy. Among the points
d special strength should be mentioned Gen
era! Electric, Metropolitan Railway. American
Ice. Colorado Fuel and American Smelting: and
for a time Sugar and Brooklyn Transit. The
announcement of a failure of a board member
had some slight influence on sentiment until it
was learned to be of no Importance. There
was no actual ntws development to account for
the downward course of prices and it was
largely due to technical causes. The custom of
professionals to take the bear side of the mar
ket against a public bull proposition asserted
itself and there was muc!» 6olid opinion to be
heard that the rise In prices had overrun Itself
and that a reaction was overdue. The money
market was closely Ecanned for signs of dim
inishing resources. Call money hardened
slightly, but eased cflt analn In the late deal
ing*. New York exchange at Chicago also fell
from a tmall premium to a small discount.
The sterling exchange rate held Fteady in spite
ct the slightly firmer money rate here and an
easier rate in London. The supply of grain
¦md cotton has be«n much diminished and ei
chane«? expert* surmise that the firmness of
exchange indicates an accumulation going op
for seme purpose, probably subscriptions of
foreign loans.
The volume of business In bonds as well as
In Ktocks was considerably diminished, but
prices of bonds held firmer than those of
etock*. Total sales, par value. $3,305,000.
United f>ts.tes refunding twos and the coupon
threes advanced M and new fours % per cent
on last sale.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
SI. ares Cloning
SoM. Stocks— Bid.
4^,460 Atchison 27%
'A.'IZ Atrhison prefd S2
6,800 Ualtlmore & Ohio «
200 Canadian Pacific 67%
100 Cnnada Southern £6Vi
1L.000 Chesapeake & Ohio 3S»4
2,500 Chicago Great Western 14V4
li.fiOO Chicago Burllnctcn & Qulncy ijr,«4
r* Chicago Ind & Louisville 23>4
500 Chicago Ind &. Louisville prefd 67
*;¦'< Chicago & Eastern Illinois '.<*,\
1 !rv Chicago & Northwestern 16C4
New York Stock Market.
POTATOES— RJver Reds. 70@S0c; Burbanks.
25eU)c for River and 85c@$l 15 per ctl for
There Is no change In Potatoes and Onions,
Some kinds , of Vegetables have advanced
owing to the rain.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 65@2 75; Small White, $3 90
@4 05; Large White, $2 90®3 15; Pink, $1 90®
2 05; Red, $3@3 25;' Blackeye, $2 90@3 15; Lima,
$5 20@5 25; Pea, J4@4 25; Red Kidney, ?3 75@4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 25@2 40; Canary.
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 9@9Hc; Rape, 2V4«£3c; Hemp, 4@4Hc;
Timothy, 4®4%c.
DRIED PEAS-Niles, $202 50; Green, $2 258
2 75 per ctl; Blackeye, $2@2 50.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The bean market has responded to the de
creased receipts and Is firmer, with a slight
advance In several descriptions.
Arrivals of 1640 sacks of Flaxseed from
Washington.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY — Volunteer, J5@S; Wheat, $11013 50;
Wheat and Oat, »10@12 50; Oat, $9@11 50:
Clover, $5©7; Alfalfa, $6 5008 60; Barley, $7©
9 per ton. .
STRAW-3C@45c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Hay continues soft under free receipts, but
the market shows no change In prices. Bran
ts firm.
BRAN-*14@15 W per ton.
MIDDLlNuS— $16 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $15 E0@16 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26;-Job
bing, $26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal,
$26$iT; Cracked Corn, J26 50@27 50; Mixed Feed,
$15@16.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, S3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, U 60; Rice Flour, |7; Corn Meal, {2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, J4 60; Hom
iny, $3 5003 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 60; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $8 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $G©
7 25; in sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, »5; Green Peas, S5 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 60®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon and Washington, $2 75@3 10 per bbl for
family and $3 15@3 50 for bakers'; Eastern,
U 7i©5 75 per bbl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CORN— California Corn is now coming In. and
white Is quoted at $1 17%. Eastern Yellow,
$1 22%; White, $1 20®l 22%; Eastern mixed.
$1 20Q1 22V4 per ctl.
RYK— S0(^92Vic per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 75@2 per ctl.
OATS— Dealers report a firmer market, with
a good demand for seed owing to the rain.
Prices are unchanged, however.
White. *1 M<a'l 4i^i; Surprise, $1 45@1 55; Red,
$1 15@1 25 for feed and $1 25'«1 37H for seed;
Uray, $1 2S©1 35; Black, for feed, $1 13V£@l 20;
for seed, II 20<Bl 20 per ctl.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 6000 ctls, 73o.
May— 2000, 74c.
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls, 74c.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Feed. 75c for choice bright, 72%®73%c for No.
1 and 67%Sf70c for oft grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 80(&86c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOAUD 'SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls
Jl 04%.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, $104%; 70 000
$1 04; 4000, $1 03%. December— 2000, 97%.
Kenular Morning Session — May — SuoO ctls
$1 04.
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls, Jl 01; 14.000
U 03%. December-6000, 97%.
BARLEY— The market continues dull and
unchanged.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris were firm, but
New York was weak. Chicago opened firm
upon unexpected strength in cables and light
world's shipments. The demand was moder
ate. Later on the market became heavy, with
a lack of support, and the trade sold mod'erate
ly. The news from the Argentine was strong
but an Increase of 669.000 bushels in the Ameri
can visible supply dampened the market. The
world's shipments for the week were 274 000
quarters from Russia, 181,000 from Danublan
provinces. 97,000 from the Argentine and 8000
from Australia.
The local market was dull and not materially
changed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97%c; Milling. $1®
1 021* per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 53
Sterling Exchange, sight — ¦ 4 t%s,'
Sterling Cables _ , 4 sgjj
New York Exchange, sight — 71^
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 54
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50% Q 51
Exchange and Bullion.
CHICAGO, Nov. 19.— Wheat was active and
strong for a short time following the opening.
Considerable strength was shown by Liverpool,
where no strength was looked for. There was
a decrease on passage, which was unlooked for
also, and weather conditions were unfavorable,
although this is not much of a factor.
There were also smaller world shipments
than expected. At the start there was fair
buying by local professionals, with some ln
1 dications of covering by Saturday's shorts, al
though this did not at any time become promi
nent. Prices were irregular at the 1 opening,
but the market was quickly steadied by the
amount of wheat offered by commission houses,
and for some time the market held about the
top of the opening range. When the world's
visible figures were posted, however, the mar
ket quickly turned weak and for the rest of
the session the trend of prices was downward,
support toward the end being almost entirely
withdrawn from the market. The visible
showed an increase of 1,568,000 bushels. On
the decline early buyers offered freely, but :
found considerable difficulty in disposing of
their wheat. December wheat opened at 71%
@71*ic. compared with Saturday's closing price
of 7ivic It sold at 7l%c, then declined ir
regularly to 70*40, where it closed.
Corn was Irregular and active for November
and rather dull for the other months. The
opening in all options was firm with wheat
and on the unfavorable weather. Shortly after
the opening a Jump of nearly 4 cents took
place in November, due to fears of a equeeze,
shorts Fcrambllw? for the Infrequent offerings.
Corn came out freely at the top, however, the
leading selling being by the speculator who
Is said to control the situation, and prices de
clined rapidly. December, after showing firm
ness for a time, declined on the heavy visible
increase and In sympathy with wheat and
closed weak and lower. Receipts were 469
cars. December ranged from 26 to 33U, and
closed He lower at 35%@35Vic.
Oats were dull throughout. December closed
%c lower at 21%®21%c.
Provisions were dull throughout, but showed
some strength early in eplte of the lower yard
prices and heavy receipts. This was mostly
due to sympathy with the grain markets.
Packers were not in the market and little out
side Interest was shown. The range of price»
was narrow. January pork closed 2V4c higher;
lard unchanged and ribs 2^c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
"Wheat JCo. 2—
November 71% 71% 70% 70>4
December 71% 717* 70»4 70>4
January 72% 12% 11% 7114
j Corn No. 2—
I November 41 43% 39% 40%
December 85% 36 35H 3514
1 May 36>4 36% 35% 35%
Oats No. 2—
November 21%. 21^ 21% jm
December 22 22H 21% 21'4
May 24% 24T4 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
November 10 60
January 1160 1175 1180 11 62U
May 11 C5 1165 1165 1165
Lard, oer 100 lbs—
November 7 12% 7 15 7 12% 7 12%
December 6 95 6 97% 6 95 6 95
January 6 85 6 87% 6 85 6 85
May 6 90 « 90 6 87H 6 87%
- Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
November 7 62%
January 6 25 6 27% 6 25 6 25
May 6 30 6 32% 6 27% 6 27%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy;
No. 3 spring wheat, 67@71%c: No. 2 red, -"lH®
74c; No. 2 corn, 40%@40%c; No. 2 yellow, 40%@
40%c; No. 8 oats, white, 26@26%c: No. 3 white,
23%i§26%c; No. 2 rye, 44%c; good feeding bar
ley. £SS5»c; fair to choice malting, 60c; No. 1
flax seed, $164%; No. 1 Northwestern, $166;
prime timothy seed, $4 30: mess pork, per bbl
$10 60@10 62% : lard, per 100 lbs, $7 17%@7 20;
short-rib sides (loose), $7 25@7 75; dry salted
(shoulders (boxed), 6%@5%c; short clear sides
(boxed). $6 750S 86; whisky, basis of high wines,
$1 27; sugars, cut loaf, unchanged; clover, con
tract grade, $10. 7
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 13.000 14,000
Wheat, bushels 131,000 194,000
Corn, bushels 307,000 452.000
Oats, bushels 187,000 246 000
Jtye, bushels 4. 000 4,000
Barley, bushels 66,000 11,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 15@26c; dairies
lS%@22c. Cheese, firm, 10@ll>4c. Eggs, easier'
fresh, 22c.
DRIED FRUIT.
The market for evaporated apples ruled
rather quiet but about eteady at unchanged
prices. State common was quoted from 4@5c;
prime, WlihKc; choice. 4H©6c; fancy, 6<g6H:C.
California dried fruits were inactive.
PRUNES— Nominally quoted at 3H@8Hc per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS — Royal, ll(i»14c; Moorpark, 15#16c
PEACHES— Peeled, 16(g20c; unpeeled, 6g9c.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— FLOUR— Receipts.
1S.600 barrels; exports, 6100 barrels; sales, 7100
packages. Market was quiet and barely steady,
closing weak and lower to sell. In sympathy
with wheat.
WHEAT — Receipts, 70,300 bushels; exports,
71.49S bushels; sales, 3,975,000 bushels futures,
120,000 bushels spot; spot, weak. No. 2 red",
77?«c t. o. b. afloat, 7<H4c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 82%(g'S2Tic t. o. b. afloat; No.
1 hard Duluth, S6$»c f. o. b. afloat.- Options
opened firm and were strong all the morning
on a demand from shorts,, based on higher
cables, expectedly small world's Bhlpments and
predictions that the visible might decrease.
The fact that the latter showed a
large increase, therefore, naturally started
heavy selling in the afternoon which broke the
market, and closed weak at net decline.
March, 80©81 l-16c, closed SOc; May, 79 7-16®
SO l-16c. closed TWHc; November, closed 76»sc;
December, 76\®77 15-16c, closed 7ST»c
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOl^— Quiet. '
COFFEE— Spot. Rio. steady; No. 7 Invoice,
7 7 ic. Mild, quiet; Cordova, "H<513Ho. Futures
closed at a net gain for the day of 5@10 points.
Total sales. IS, 500. including: November, $6 90;
December. $6 40&6 50; January. $6 55: March,
$6 CO<?|6 70; May, $6 70®« 80; July, $6 S0@6 85,
and September, $6 Si©* &0.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3!£c; centri
fugal, &6 test, 4»ic; molasses sugar, 3%c; re
fined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 6317 packages: steady.
June creamery, lS«524c; creamery. 19Q27c; fac
tor}', 13& 15V»c.
EGGS— Receipts, 6615 packages; steady. West
ern regular packing, at mark, 21Q25c; West
ern, loss oft, 27e.
John T. Campbell to Tyree A. Bell, lot 7.
block 16. map of Landresan Tract, Oakland
Township; $10.
President an.1 Board of Trustees of Pacific
Theological Seminary (corporation) to Carrta
Glasler (wife of H. P.). lot on E line of Dwi
nelle street. 120 N of Plymouth avenue or
Thirty-fourth street. N 10 by E 125, being the
N 10 feet of lot 3, on map of Pacific Theological
Seminary Tract. Oakland: $19.
Edward H. and Marts J. A. Benjamin to
Louisa Leopold, lot on S line of Twenty-sixth,
street. 140 W of Market. W 27 :« by S 83, por
tion of block 637, Boardman's map, Oakland;
$10.
Alameda County.
Golda Alexander to Helen Schmitt (wif» of
M. L.). lot on S line of O'Farrell street. S2:« W
of Powell. E 25 by S 87:8; gift.
Same- to same, lot on N Una of Geary street.
215 W of Powell. W 33 by N 137:8: gift.
L. H. and Lizzie Sly to Hartland Law. lot
on N line of Bush street. 91 :S W of Mason. W
43:10. N 137:6, E 43:2, S 30:8, E 83:4, 3 7, W
91 :S. S 100; $10.
Mary A. Thomas to Maria A. and Emma C.
Thomas, undivided \± following: Lot on W
line of Dupont street. 25 N of Chestnut, N 22:8
by W 60; also lot on SE line of Stevenson
street. 150 SW of Fifth. SV,' 25 by SE 75; also
lot on E line of Chattanooga street. 125 S of
Twenty-third. S 25 by E 117: also lot oa SW
line of Laidley street. 157:4 NW of Harry. NW
51:4, 8W 110:1, SE 50:8. NE 148:6, lots 145 and
146. block 22. Mission and Thirtieth Streets
Homestead Union; gift.
Joseph, Harriet, Jacob and Bertha O. Welss
bein to William Blrsa, lot on S Una of Twenty
third street. 123 W of Hoffman avenue (Ellen),
W 25 by S 114. lot 22S. Heyman Tract: $10.
Margaret Mitchell and Ed Connors (by Hen
ry S. Martin. lat« Sheriff) to J. J. Rauer. lot
on NW corner of Day and Noe streets, W 305
N 114. E 75, K 114. E IU0, S 114. E 30. BUI;
line of Nineteenth street. 63 E of Hartford, E
25 by If 90; gift.
NEW YORK. Nov. 19.— Close: Money on call,
steady, at 3V£S4% per cent; last loan. 3U, per
cent: prime mercantile paper, 4@5 per cent*
sterling exchange, steady, with actual business
In bankers' bills at $4 84%@4 u% for demand
and at 14 miSA 80% for sixty days; posted
rates. ?4 81H04 82 and $4 85V4: commercial bills
$4 80®4 80H: fcllver certificates, 64U@65«4c; bar
sliver, 64c; Mexican dollars, 50'ic. Government
New York Money Market.
12.S0O Chicago Rock Island & Paciflo 114H
2.100 C C C 4 Bt Louis 66H
8.800 Colorado Southern "!%
2,600 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 44
1,200 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 19
1 700 Delaware & Hudson 116^
£« Delaware Lack & Western 1&2
500 Denver A Rio Grande 22
2.700 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 74Ti
2.600 Erie t 14
7,000 Erie 1st prefd S9H
4,500 Great Northern prefd ISO
100 Hocking Coal 17
I 2.4'V) Hockins Valley 39*1
1,6'JO Illinois Central 12-»'i
400 Iowa Central 20
400 Iowa Central prefd 47Vfe
600 Lake Erie & Western 37 l *
100 lAke Erie & Western prefd 107^
Lake Shore 21O',i
8,700 Louisville & Nashville SO',
I«.3i* Manhattan L llO^i
2«,(KiO Metropolitan Street Railway 174
200 Mexican central 13%
300 Minneapolis & St Louis 64H
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 102
20.&CO Missouri Pacific 68%
200 Mobile & Ohio 40^
3V0 Missouri Kansas & Texas 11 7 «
5.100 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 38
1.2<»i New Jersey Central 143
!<.4M) New York Central 13?»i
16.100 Norfolk & Western .". 43 »|
1,000 Norfolk & Western prefd 81 i
103 Northern Pacific 67H
23k Northern Pacific prefd *0V4
12.100 Ontario & Western 25H
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
€3,;00 Pennsylvania .' 143*«
5.P00 Heading 19T»
22. VM Heading 1st prefd fi3'i
3,lw Reading 2d prefd 31'i
2,200 Rio Grande Western 65
400 Rio Grande Western prefd 93
3.4C0 Pt Louis & San Fran 13 T g
100 St LouiS & San Fran 1st prefd 72
3.S00 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 44H
LOO0 St Louis Southwestern 14=i
4.W0 St Louis Southwestern prefd 34 1 *
lo.?«0 St Paul 123& 4
St Paul prefd 175
500 St Paul & Omaha 121
53,iU0> Southern Pacific 41 T £
14.500 Southern Railway 14%
l«,yw Southern Railway prefd 63^
3f-0 Texas & Pacific 13
74,200 1'nion Pacific 70S
i:.3'"«) I'nion Pacific prefd SIVi
2.100 Wabash S'i
3.90«i Walttsh prefd 21%
ft,C00 Wheeling & Lake Erie 10^
2,300 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 3*S,
3i>0 Wisconsin Central 12*;
600 Third Avenue 112
Express Companies —
Adams 133
American 164
United States 47
Wells Fargo 130
Ulscel laneous —
1,000 American Cotton Oil 31H
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
200 American Malting 4>£
100 American Malting prefd 23
2^.0-i0 American Smelting and Refining... 64H
3.900 American Smelt and Ref prefd 9"*s
American Spirits 1%
American Spirits prefd 17
3,200 American Steel Hoop 32
American Steel Hoop prefd "7
76.4^ American Steel and Wire 49'/4
12.700 American Steel and Wire prefd.... 8.»
15.700 American Tin Plate 4314
200 American Tin Plate prefd 87»4
20,400 American Tobacco 10S%
American Tobacco prefd 134
13.500 Anaconda Mining Co ,\ 10%
59.&I0 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 71%
2.1. znn Colorado Fuel and Iron E2V4
17.400 Continental Tobacco 36%
3,100 Continental Tobacco prefd 93
24.C"0 Federal Steel mi
%,¥*) Federal Steel prefd 76U
S.2O0 General Electric 169
100 Glucose Sugar 66
Glucose Sugar prefd 102
1,200 International Paper 23*i
:.3mO International Paper prefd 72*i
100 Ijiclede Gas 73
1.400 National Biscuit 39»4
100 National niscuit prefd 84H
S0O National Lead 20%
200 National Lead prefd 96
6,100 National Pteel 3$^
4't0 National Steel prefd 91%
700 New York Air Brake 153
4,W>0 North American 17
400 Pacific Coast D9V4
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 84
200 Pacific Coast M prefd 61
1,500 Pacific Mall 4314
16,3'1O People's Ga." 99V t
4.600 Pressed Steel Car 54%
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd 86
200 Pullman Palace Car .....144<4
Standard Rope and Twine 6Vd
84,700 Sugar 132%
300 Sugar prefd lifi
3,400 Tennessee Coal and Iron 71%
11.400 t;nited States Leather 15
100 ITnlted States Leather prefd 77
4,2*) United States Rubber 36^
600 United States Rubber prefd 93
2,700 Western Union $4^4
3,S>>0 Republic Iron and Steel 17^4
1.200 Republic Iron and Steel prefd fio
P. C. C. and St. L : 55
1,253,500 shares— Total sales.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg 104% IN Y C lsts 1O9»4
Do coupon 104V4JN J C een 5s 12674
U S 3b reg: 109^ X Pacific 3s 70
Do 3s coup 109% Do 4s 1O4V4
Do new 4s reg.. .1371* N Y C & St L 4s..lO7
Do new 4a coup..l37H N & W con 4s 99H
Do old 4s reg 115^ Or Nav lsts 10S
Do old 4s coup.. .115H Do 4s 1M
Do Ss reg- 112»ijOr Short Line 6s. .127%
Do 5s coup 112%! ¦ Do con E» 114H
Dist of Col 3.65s...l24Vi|Readlng; gen 4s.... 89%
Atchlson gen 4s....l01%!R G W lsts 99U
Do adj 4s 84%iSt L & I M con Ba.lisii
Canada So 2ds lOSH'St L & S F gen 6s. 126
Ches &, O 4^s lQlttiSt Paul cons 173
Do 5« 118 St P C & P lsts. ..'18%
Chi & N con 7b. ...133 Do Ss 119%
Do S F deb 5s. ..119 S Pacific 4s 83%
Chicago Term 4s... 94 S Railway 5s 112U
Colorado So 4s E3%jStand R & T 6s... 71%
D & R G 4s 100 jTex & Pac lsts. ...116
Erie gen 4s 74Vi Do 2ds 82
F W & D C lsts... 77 IU Pacific 4s 106"K,
Gen Electric Is.. ..142 Wabanh lets 116%
Iowa Cent lsts. ...116 Do 2ds 104H
L & N unl 4s 93% West Shore 4s 114*4
M K 4 T 2ds 71%, Wise Cent lsts 87%
Do 4* 73^4 Va Centuries 91
MINING STOCKS.
Brunswick 10[Ontario 6 00
Chollar 09 Ophlr 73
Crown Point OSJPlymouth 10
Con Cal & Va 1 25: Quicksilver 1 25
Deadwood ESI Do prefd 7 00
Gould & Curry SSlSierra Nevada . 33
Hale & Norcroes.. 22 ; Standard 190
Homeetake GO C<0 [Union Con 13
Iron Silver 70; Yellow Jacket 20
Mexican 24V 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — (Rubber 36^4
Call loans 3*J4 TTnion Pacific 70}fc
Time loans 485:Unloo Land 3
Stocks— 'West End 92
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 37%iWeftlngh Elec 62^
Do prefd 82 j Bonds —
American Sugar... 132V* Atchlson 4s 100'i,
Do prefd 117 N E Gas St C Es... 68
Amer Telephone. ..156H- Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany.. 149 Adventure 6
Boston Elevated.. .157 |AlIouer Mln Co... 2%
B<*-ton & Maine... 1M Amalg Copper 96%
Chi B & Q 136V4 AUantlc 2VU,
Dominion Coal 42V4 Boston & Mont 323
Do prefd 113 jButte A Boston S2
Federal Steel »0H Calumet & Hecla..83O
Do prefd 76V» 1 Centennial 2014.
Fltchburg prefd. ...138 IFranklln 15%
Gen Electric lG9^!Humboldt 25
Do prefd 141 jParrot 60'i
Ed dec 111 215 Qulncy 160
Mexican Central... 13^«Sta Fe Copper 8
Mich Telephone.... 85 | Tamarack 285
N E Gas & Coke... 1« 'Utah Mining 25%
Old Colony 202 IWInona ,. 4
Old Dominion 29% j Wolverines 45%
ban 1 raadaco and vicinity— Unsettled weath
er Tuesday with occasional rains; continued
cold weather; brisk southwest winds.
AUiXANDKR G. McADIE.
Forecast Official
Arizona — Cloudy Tuesday, with Enow in the
northern xortion and rain in the southern por
tion; continued cold weather.
Southern California — CJoudy, w:ih rain Tues
day: enow In the mountains; fresh southwest
wii.ds.
Nevada— Snow Tuesday, with freezing tem
peratures; brisk southwest winds.
Utah— Snow Tuesday, with temperatures near
the freezing^ point; Lriek northeast winds.
Northern California— Unsettled weather Tues
day, with rain on the coast anl in the interior,
tnow In the foothills and mountains, continued
cold weather; brisk southwest winds.
The EoUowlas maximum wind velocities are
rt"-iK>rted: Oirson City. 42 miles per hour from
the southwest; Independence, thirty miles from
t!ie west.
North and eastbound travelers are warned to
expect Enow and freezing temperatures.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* ending mlduipht November 20:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
CaXe, as compared vith these of the same date
luct ttason, £ad rainfalls in the la±a twenty
fuur houns:
Last This Last
Stations— 21 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 1.04 13.47 11.24
li«-d .Bluff v.C>: 3.fc'J 6.7S
Sacramento o.i'4 3.5S €.31
t^in Francieco 0.'«s 3. HI 6.07
Krr-tno 0.66 3.64 2.60
Jndej«?ndence 0.00 1.16 1.19
Ban Luis Obispo Trace 3.41 4.9S
Los Angeles 0.12 2.03 l.*7
Ban Vt'-fti o.i>s o.ss 1.15
i?iin Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
64; minimum, 4\; mean. 51.
WEATHEU CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over Northern
California and a rtorra cmier now off the Ore
jr-jn coast will probably move raridiy south
vard along the California coast. Storm warn
ings are displayed from Pan Francisco north
vkiJ for h:t'i southwest winds.
The teiri>erature has falitn over nearly all
the country west of the Rocky Mountains.
Throughout California the te»»i>era.tureb are
[Ton 5 to II degrees below the normal. Snow
is falling generally over the northern half of
the Pacific slci»e anu in the mountains in the
southern half.
(lT"th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Nov. 19— S p. m
Weather Report.
"Trade in nuts continues quite active Tor
nearly all lines. Almonds are easier. Influ
enced by cab^a from Malaga, best brands o£
btw Jordan shelled are offered at 37c, and
beet Valencia shelied, new crop, at Si^c. Mure
demand is noted fur Tarragunas at 14^c, and
If this demand continues an advance may us
expected. Filberts 'are in active demand at
ilUc. and if demand keeps up there i£ n-j
likelihood of aa immediate decline."
lla!l advices from New York eay: "Trade
is quite good, but there is plenty of room Tor
irr4>rovement •till. Currant* are easier, la
fympathy with the Greek- market, and are
about !^c lower. Demand for goods is more
patiEfactcry, but buying Is still for Immediate
wants almost entirely. California raisins are
very unsettled. Seeded are la good demand,
but loose are attracting almost no interest.
Prunes are steadier, both on spot and to ar
rive. Although ume goods are still to "be had
at cut prices there are fewer offerings of this
character than there have been. Buyers also
are disjjosed to take a little more intereci.
fcorce business is reported in apricots, but lt
Is not large. Peaches are quiet. Figs are very
taw, a£ a result of the recent heavy arrivals.
The market is lower to-day than has ever
been kr.own at this season for similar grades
of fruit. The quality is unusually fine. Ap
p!«-s are firm ar.d quite active on the spot at
ffifjSc fur prime.
Dried Fruit in Nezv York.
Wheat and other grains dull at previous prices.
Beans rather firmer under lighter receipts.
Bran and Middlings firm. Hay weak and dull.
Some Vegetables doing better, owing to the rain.
Potatoes and Onions as previously quoted.
Butter and Cheese unchanged. Eggs higher again.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry in. Game firm.
Fine Oranges and Demons doing better. Limes unchanged.
Grapes and Strawberries firm under small arrivals.
Provision dealers report a fair trade at uncJumged Prices.
Nothing new in the Meat market.
Sih'cr easier. Exchange as before.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
LONDON, Nov. 19.— Atchlson, ZSM; Canadian
Pacific. 904; Union Pacific preferred, 83%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 82%; Grand Trunk.
6%; Anaconda, 10V4- Bar silver, steady, 29%d
per ounce. Money, 2V4 per cent.
CLOSING.
Money was easier. The market owed the
bank over £1,000,000, which was paid. Dis
counts weakened.
The marke.ts here were active and firm to
day, New York cables concerning the specula
tive and monetary position being regarded as
satisfactory. Americans were good during the
morning. The Continent sold a little, but many
American orders had to wait for execution.
London professionals continued purchasing after
your offering. You offered stock and London
nervously realized. Then you came to the res
cue, making the close above the worst. There
were wide fluctuations in Northern Pacifies and
Union Pacifies.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: ' Available cash
balance, 5137,875,195; gold, $93,014,366.
Condition of the Treasury.
bonds strong; State bonds Inactive; railroad
bonds steady.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Nov. 19—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 02 01 Tustlce 02 04
A lt a 02 03 Kentuck 02 04
Andes 0* 05 Lady Wash .... — 03
Belcher IS 19jMexlcan 26 27
Best & Belcher 21 22; Occidental C« 08
Bullion 02 04!Ophir 82 83
Caledonia 40 41 Overman 07 fcj
Chollar 11 13 Potost 18 19
Challenge Con. 22 24 Savage 15 16
Confidence 58 60 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 25 1 30 Seg Belcher .... 04 05
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 36 3S
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill .... 40 42
Eureka Con — 35jSt Louis 10 —
Crown Point... 09 10! Standard 3 10 —
Exchequer — OJ Syndicate 07 —
Gould & Curryl 10 1 15 Union Con 14 1J
Hale & Norc... 24 26,Utah 07" 1)8
Julia — 03 1 Yellow Jacket.. 23 24
700 Belcher W 100 Ophlr i9
400 Con Cal & V.I 22Vj 300 Ophlr 80
200 Gould & Curryl 15 200 Savage 15
600 Hale & Norc... 25 20O Sierra Nevada.37%
200 Hale & Norc... 24 500 Sliver Hill .... 47
800 Mexican 28
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 22 150 Gould & Curry.l 20
100 Best & Belcher 21 50 Gould & Curry.l 25
300 Challenge Con. 23 300 Silver Hill 45
300 Challenge Con. 24 300 Silver Hill 44
100 Challenge Con. 25 200 Silver Hill 43
100 C C & Va....l 27% 150 Silver Hill 42
10O Gould & Curry.l 15 200 Yellow Jacket.. 23
Morning Session.
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
100 Beet & Belcher 21! 300 Ophlr 84
200 Challenge 23 j 600 Potosi, 18
600 Con Cal & Va..l 30 100 Savage 16
500 Crown Point .. 10 300 Silver HfU .... 45
300 Gould & Curryl 20 500 Union Con .... 14
200 Gould & Curryl 15
Afternoon Session.
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 19 100 Savage 13
500 Best & Belcher 21 100 Sierra Nevada. 3;
10O Challenge 24 200 Yellow Jacket.. 23
100 Chollar 121 300 Yellow Jacket.. 2t
700 Con Cal & Va..l 15 1
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
Board— .
600 Cala-Standard 33
100 Four Oil Co 41
100 Home Oil ¦* «
250 Independence 23
30 Kern River 18 50
10 Oil City Petroleum 34 75
4VK) Pctroieum Center •• 10
600 Petroleum Center 03
100 Reed Crude Oil Co i 50
10 San Joaquin Oil and Development.... 8 .a
50 Twenty-Eight 2 50
Street—
50 Twenty-Eight 2 4o
Afternoon Session.
Board —
200 Caribou M «
100 Home Oil * f>
10u McKlttrick Consolidated to
1«H) Monarch of Arizona 40
1000 Monarch of Arizona ¦»!
500 Monarch of Arizona 43
30OO Petroleum Center 11
10O San Joaquln Oil and Development.... 9 00
1(X) San Joaquin Oil and Development.... » 15
100 Sterling O. and D. Co 2 33
100 Twenty-Eight - *<»
Street— .
300 El Dorado ••• * s :
MINING STOCKS.
FRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Afternoon Session.
Board—
13 Hana Plantation Co 5 37%
4J Honokaa 31 00
20 Hutchlnson S. P. Co 26 00
$3iW Market-street Ry Co., 1st con. 5s. ...120 00
10 Oceanic S. S. Co 93 75
10 Oceanic S. S. Co *J 50
5 Oceanic S. S. Co 9S 25
10 Oceanic S. S. Co 98 00
150 Paauhau S. P. Co 31 00
15 Sacramento Elec, Gas and Ry 34 00
IT-COO Sacto Elec. Gas and Ry, 5 per ct..lOO 00
30 S. F. Gas and Electric Co 50 00
50 Spring Valley Water 94 00
Street— •
$3000 Oceanic S. S. Bonds Ill 00
$15,000 S. F. and S. J. V. Bonds 113 75
200 Honokaa S. Co 30 75
30 Makawcli 42 00
100 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 00
$10CO Oakland Water, 5 per cent 105 00
10 Paauhau S. P. Co.: 3100
$4000 Sacto Elec, Gas and Ry, 5 per ct..lO<J 00
65 S. F. Gas and Electric Co 50 00
29 Spring Valley Water 93 75
15 Spring Valley AVater, s. 90 93 75
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Hana Plantation Co.. cash 8 37%
Al Pack Assn.124 124»i Pac A F A.... 2% —
Cal Fruit Asn. — 105 *-ac C Bor Co — IS]
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 Par Paint Co. 12% —
Oceanic S Co.. SS 9U I
MISCELUNEOCa STOCKS.
Hana S P Co.. 8% 8%) Kilauea S Co. 20T4 2UI,
Haw C & S Co 84 85 Makawell S Co 41% 42 1 *
Honokaa S Co. 30 7 /& — Onomea S Co. £> iy~t
Hutch S P Co. 25*4 26«i[Paauhau S Co. 31 31Vi
SUGAR STOCKS.
California .... — lRft Vlgorlt 3*i 3%
Giant Con Co.. S3 84
POWDER STOCKS.
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 124 — OSL4 H 3S —
Geary-st — 47% Presidio — 22
Market-st 6SU —
Anclo-Cal Ltd. 69 — First Natlonl.296 300
Bank of Cal... — — Lon P & A.. ..138 —
Cal S D & T..104%105% Merchants' Ex 1« 18
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.... — 1900 Sav & L So.. — SI
Hum S & L.. — — 6ec Sav Bk.. — —
Mut Sav Bk... BO — 1 Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U 515 — '
BANK STOCKS.
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 226 230 /
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L. & P Co 4 — Pac L Co — 44%
Kquit C L Co. 3% Z% Sac E G&R Co — 85
Mutual Kl Cp. — 10 S F O & E.... 49\ 50*4
O G L & H.... 49% 50 San Francisco. — 5
Pac Gas Imp.. 50»i 51 stkn G&E Co — 14
Contra Costa.. 70% 71% Spring Valley. 93% 94£
Marin County. 51% —
WATER STOCKS
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. BM.Ask.
4s quar coup..H5Hll« «s do cp(new).13ittUT/»
4s do reg 115%116 Is do coup wj-niioij
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co.103% — Oak Water 5s.lO4»il03H
Cm-st Cat) is.Uls-ti — I Oceanic SS os.lWi —
C C Water 58..107\ — Om C Ry 6s.. .123 —
Ed L & P rts.lS,)^ — I'ao U imp ts.iJ^ —
F & Cl Ry 6s. — — P & Cl Ry 6s.lO« —
Geary-st R 5s. — — P&ORR fis.115% —
H u a: o 5^3- — — Powell-st R 6s. — —
Do 5s 100\ — Sac E G&R 6«. 99% —
L A R 5s 108%UO S F i SJV 5a.ll9!*120
L A Lt <"o Us. — ivd u K of Cal 65. — ili
Do gntd 6s.. — — S P of A 6s. .113% —
L A gntd 5s.. 100 102 S P ofCGsOMS)
L A P R R 5s.l01% — (Series A). ...109% —
Market-st 6s.. 128% — Do (Series B)110^ —
Do 1st M 5s..ll9%120tt Do (1906) ....112 —
N C N li H Vs.li» 114 Do (1912) 120 —
N R of Cal 6s.H4»4 — S P R 1st g is.liM? 108
Do 6s 118%— SPRii 131 —
N i' C K R 6S.1U1 — S V Water 6s.. 113^114%
Do Js 108 — Do <s 102 102»i
N Cal Ry 5s... 113% — Do 3d mtge..l03 102%
Oak Q L & H.110U — Stktn Uas m..iju —
Oak Tran 6s. .116% —
MONDAY. Nov. 19—2:30 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE-
Local stocks and bonds were quiet and un
changed on the 'morning session of the Bond
Exchange.
The oil stocks sold very well, with Increased
continued activity in Petroleum Center.
In the afternoon Oceanic Steamship sold from
$98 73 down to $38. ' >~ _
The Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar com
pany has declared a dividend of 50 cents per
share, payable on the 26th.
Dividends will bs paid to-day as follows:
California Fruit Canners. 60 cents per share;
Central Light and Power, 5 cents; California
Powder Works, $1: Hutchlnson Plantation, .j
cents; Kilauea Sugar, 25 cents; Spring \ alley.
42 cents; Home Oil, 10 cents.
THE STOCK MARKET
FOR MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19
Flour, qr sks.,.. 13.938 Sugar, ctls .". 12 500
Wheat, ctls 2.700 Leather, rolls ts
Harley. ctls 1,910 Hops, bales 60
£ats. ctls 570 Eggs, doz 7 200
Corn, ctls 1.S20 Wine, gals ->s'200
Butter, ctls ..... 126 Cheese, ctls ' 3S
Potatoes, sks .... 8.5CO Hides, No 334
Beans, skB ...... 2,834 Pelts, bdls .... 173
Shorts, sks ... E25 Lime bbls 54c
Buckwheat, sks . 115 Powder car 1
Middlings, sks ... 130 Hay, tons '* 661
Bran, sks ........ 1.86J Wool, bales S8
Onions, sks 672 Broom Corn, bdls 180
Sugar, sks ...... .120 .
WASHINGTON. •
Flour, qr sks.... 6.512 Flaxseed, sks .... 1.640
Bran, sks ....... 3.400, -
Receipts of Produce.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6%o; Wool Bags
mVmei Fleece Twine. 7%c; Fruit Bags 64
@6?ic for white and,SU@8^c for bleached JuteT
- t ,- C S AL '~ A * el J' n Ston. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. J7; Coos
Bay, J5 60; Wallsend, J9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg $14- Can
?«*• I12 V V l ?» n: . Coke> $15 ** r ton fn> bulit and
* 18 ln ,^ acks: Rock y Mountain descriptions, $S 43
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand.'
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-ib bags:
Crushed 6.15c; Powdered. 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated. 6.7oc; Dry Granulated, 5.65c; Confec
tioners A, 5.65c; Magnolia A, 5.25c: Extra C
5. loc: Golden C. 5.05c; barrels, 10c more- halt
barrels, 2oc more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags
10c more. No orders yiken for less than 75
ba , rre L s . n or i ts e 1 ulv alent. Dominos, half-bar
relB, 6.40c; boxes, 6.63c per lb.
Getieral Merchandise.
LAMB— 8@9o per lb. ~,
PORK— Live Hogs, 5*c f O r small and 5Hc for
medium and 6»4@5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5®5Vic; dressed Hogs, 7Vi6S%c.
There Is no change to report in anything.
BEEF— 6@7c for Steers and 5®5\c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7@8c; email. SVA@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7H©8c; ewes. 7®7%c per
pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln, 6%@8c; do lamba* 8
@9c; Middle County, 9@10c; Northern Mountain
free. 10@llc; Southern Mountain, 7%®8%c-
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 12@13c per lb
HOPS— 11%®15c per lb.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15@16c; Northern, defective 12®
14c: Middle County, free, 14@16c; Middle County
defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain li
months'. 9@10c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months'. ll©12c; Southern Mountain, defective
7 months'. 9@llc: Humboldt and Mendocl'no 16
@17c; Nevada, 13@16c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy ealted
Steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, 8V4S9c; Cow
hid-s. S%<g9c; Stags. 6V4c; Salted Kip. »V4c;
Salted Veal. 9V£e: Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides.
lCc; culls. 14c; Dry Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, 16@17c;
culls and brands, 14c; Sheepskins, shearlings,
20(g30c each; short Wool. 30®50e each; medium
60<gS5c; long Wool, 75c#$l each; Horse Hides,
salt, $J SO for large and $2 for medium. $1 50
for small and 60c for colts; Horse Hides, dry
II 75 for large, ?1 50 for medium, Jl 25 for small
and 25@50c for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
f kins, 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c, winter or
,thin skins, lt%!g20c. Goatskins— Prime An
goras. 75c; large and smooth. 60c; medium 35c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4%c per lb- No'
2. 3%c; grease, 2@2%r;.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel, 8%c; three
half-barrels, 8»4c: one tierce, 8toc; two tierces,
8c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, l<H4@llc per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 13c for light. 14c
for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured; Kast
f-rn sugar-cured Hams. 11%i8'12c: Mess Beef.
112 60 per barrel; extra Mess, $13 60; Family,
J13 EO; extra Prime Pork, $16; extra clear, $19 50;
Mess. $16; Smoked Beef. 13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6\c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9V»c;
10-lb tins. 9»4c: G-lb tins. 9%c.
Local dealers continue to report a steady
and moderately active market at unchanged
quotations.
Provisions.
HONEY-Ccmb. lS^SHHc for bright and 12%
tf?13e for light amber; water white, extracted.
~\@8c; light amber, extracted. 707%c; dark,
6©t>Hc per lb.
BEESWAX-24®26c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 6@7c per lb; Walnuts, No.
1 softshell. lie; No. 2. 8c: No. 1 hardshell, 10c,
No. 2, 7%c: Almonds. 12913c for papershell,
9@llc lor softshell: Peanuts, aJfCc for East
ern; Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pecans, 11
6 13c; Cocoanuts. $3 50®5.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa njaras. 4 sizes, 3c;
40-SOs. 7c: BO-SOs, 5Uc; 60-70s, 3&c; 70-80s, 3^c;
SO-SOs, 2%c; 90-100s, 2Vic; 100s and over. 2c; ru
bles, He premium; Sonomas, %c and San Joa
qulns, Vic lesa than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6^
8c for Royals and 10@ll%c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 5@6c; sun-dried, 3>-£®4Vjc;
Peaches. 4%@5c for standard. E@6c for choice'
and 7@7Hc for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums,
pitted. 5@6',ic; unpltted. ligl%c; Nectarines. 5®
614c for red and 6V4fJ6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb: choice, lie: standard. 8%c; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy, 10Hc per lb; choice, 9%c; standard. 8%c;
prime, 8c; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,
&0-lb boxes, 6V4c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 6c;
2-crown. 6Hc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers. 2
crown. }1 50 per box: 3-crown. $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial. J3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 50<g3:
Seedlings. $1(Q2; Tangerines, $1 25@1 50; Lem
ons. 25c(g$l 25 for common and $1 60®2 75 for
good to choice: Grape Fruit, $2(53; Mexican
Limes, ti'tii 50; California Limes. 25©35c; Ba
nanas, $1 7O'Ji2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $2@
3 GO per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
APPLES— 25@-50c per box for common and
C3c©Jl for tcood to choice: Spltzenbergs, 60c@$l;
Oregon Spitzenbergs, $1 25.
PEARS— Winter Nells, 65c@$l 25; Cooking
Pf«r« SStfTWW 1 per box.
PERSIMMONS— 40©S5c r>er box.
CRANBERRIES— rape Cod. $11®11 50 per
barrel ; Coos Bay. 12 25!g2 50 per box
STRAWBERRIES— $fi@7 per chest for large
and for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $5®7 per chest.
GRAPES— 65c(&$l per small box and $1 25 per
crate.
lJKtlULULh KRliii'S—
Cranberries continue to advance, and the
markets East are very firm.
Fancy Lemons are firm, but common stock
still drags. Limes are unchanged. Oranges
are steady and a fancy Navel will bring the
top quotation.
Receipts of Strawberries were small and
prices were firm.
Grapes continued to bring high prices under
light supplies.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
EGGS— Store, 25®27%c; ranch, 3O@31c for fair
and 32@35c per dozen for good to choice; East
ern, lS(&27c.
CHEESE— New. li%@12e; Old, 10@llc; Young
America. 12@12%c; Eastern. 13%@14c; Western,
ll*»13c Df lb.
Storage goods— 21®22c.
Butter continues In good supply and quiet,
but quotations remain as before. Cheese still
stands the same.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 21@22c; seconds.
Dairy— Fancy. 20c; good to choice, 18®19c;
common, 17@17%c.
Creamery tub— 20@22%c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19@21c.
Firkin— 18@19c.
Both ranch and store Eggs are higher, owing
to lighter receipts.
Butter, Cheese Eggs.
GAME— Quail, $1 25 for Valley and $2@2 25
for Mountain; Mallard, %i 50<?j3 50; Canvasback,
?4f(7r»O; Sprig, «if?4; Teal. ?2 50«B2 75: Widgeon.
$1 -Mil 75; Small Duck, $1 25@1 50; Gray Geese.
?3; White Geese, $1S1 50; Brant, $2 for small
and for large: English Snipe, $1 00; Jack
Snipe, $1; Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for cot
tontail and $1 for brush; Doves, 60c per dozen.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ifgUc for Gob
blers and 13S14c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
14@17c; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2; Goslings,
$1 75@2; Ducks, $3@4 for old and $3 50<g5 for
young; Hens, $3 60@4 50; Young Roosters,
$4; Old Roosters, $3 60@4; Fryers, $3 25@3 50;
Broilers, $3 2S@3 BO lor- large ana $3@I 25 for
small; Pigeons, $1 per dozen for old and $1 5<X0
1 7fi for Rouab*.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry came in. Local
stock was dull and some carried-over fowl
were offered.
Game was In light receipt and in good de
mand awing to the cool weather, and prices
were firm, as will be seen.
Poultry and Game.
Salinas and 60@90c for Oregon; Sweets, 40@50c
for River and 7.VS?85c for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 25@1 40 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 40
@50c per sack. :
.VEGETABLES-Green Peas, 433c per Ib;
String ., Beans,. 2@6c; Limas. 4c per lb;
Cabbage, 90c; Tomatoes. -50c@$l 25; Egg Plant.
50@65c per box; Green Peppers, 30<jf50c per box
for Chili and 40'<f50c for Bell; Dried Peppers,
10@irc; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Summer
Squash, $1 50 per box for Los Angeles; Cucum
bers, 60@75c for Alameda; Garlic, 4@5c per lb;
Marrowfat Squash, $7@10 per ton.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 19.— WHEAT— Blue Stem
D6%c; Club. 53%c
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 19.— WHEAT— Steady;
Walla Walla, 53"iS54c
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Nov. 19.— Clearings, $323,789;
balances, $95,170.
Portland's Business.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 19. — WHEAT — Spot,
steady; No. 2 red Western winter, 6s; No. 1
Northern spring, 6s SUd; No. 1 California, 6s
3Hd. Futures— Steady; December, 6s ll%d;
March, fis »;d.
CORN — Spot, steady; American mixed, 3s 4d.
Futures— Steady: November, 3s ll^d; Decem
ber, 3s U',id; January, 3s lOd.
CLOSING
LONDON, Nov. 19.— Consols, SS?i. Silver,
29%d. French rentes, lOOf 67>4c Cargoes on
passage, firm but not active; cargoes No. 1
Standard California 30a 6d; cargoes Wa'lla
Walla. 29s 6d; English country markets, quiet
and steady: import into U. K., wheat. 340,000
quarters; Import Into U. K., flour, 2S6.WK) bar
rels: wheat and flour on passage to U. K.,
2,010,000; wheat and flour on passage to Conti
nent, 1,230,000.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 19.— WHEAT— Firm; No.
1 Standard California. 6s 2%d@6s 3%d; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
cold and dry.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 9-16d.
Foreign Markets.
CHICAGO, Nov. 19.— Both the common and
preferred stocks of the National Linseed Com
pany made new low records on the local ex
change to-day, the common selling to 6',4 and
the preferred to 39%. The common closed at
6%. Both stocks were sold freely here and in
New York.
U^Qiiional Linseed Stock Lower.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— The cotton market
opened steady at an advance of 2@8 points
stronger cables than expected. ¦ There was a
further advance of.lo@20 points^ The expecta
tion of higher Liverpool cables to-morrow gave
the local market a firm closing at about the
best prices of the session, the net rise being 17@
23 points. The spot cotton advance here was He.
New York Cotton Market.
-•NEW YORK, , Nov. 19.— Aside from a little
activity in tin the local metal market displayed
very llttlo animation to-day. Prices on all
grades remained unchanged, except the above
mentioned, and this was caused by lower Lon
don advices, closing rather easy for tin here
at $28 60(3'28 70. Pig iron warrants were quiet
at $9010; Lake Copper. $16 75@17; Lead, quiet
at $4 37%; and Smelter, quiet, $4 27»£@4 32%.
The brokers' price for lead was $4 and for
copper $17.
Nezu York Metal Market.
Wheat— 62,301.000 hushels; increase, 1,678,000
bushels. Corn— 8,398,000 busriels; increase, 1,
613.000 bushels. Oats— 12 S33.000 bushels; de
crease, 9000 bushels. Rye— 1,371,000 bushels;
Increase. 185,000 bushels. Barley— 3,208,000 bush
els; increase, 223,000 bushels.
NEW -YORK, Nov. 19.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain. In store and afloat, on
Saturday, November 17, as complied by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Visible Grain Supply.
HOGS — Receipts, to-day 46,000, to-morrow 30,
000; estimated left "over, "3000. 2^@5c lower;
closing firmer; top, $5. Mixed and Butchers',
$4 65@5; Good to Choice Heavy, $4 85@4 97V4:
Rough Heavy, $4 70@4 80; Light. $4 70%© 1 S7H:
bulk of sales, $4 80@4 90.
SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000. Sheep and lambs
slow; 10c lower. Good to Choice Wethers,
J3 90@4 20; Fair to Choice Mixed. $3 65@3 95:
Western Sheep, $3 90(S4 15; Native Lambs, $4 43
@5 10; Western Lambs, $4 S5@5 10.
000. Mostly 10@15c lower. Butchers' stock
about steady. Good to Prime Steers, $5 30@5 80;
roor to Medium, $4 35@3 25; Selected Feeders,
$3 75@4 40;. Mixed Stockers ?2 25@3 70; Cows.
12 G5@4 25; Heifers, $2 75#4 75; Canners, $150®
2 65; Bulls, $2 25@4 33: -Calves. $4 55; Texas Fed
Steers, $4(^4 90; Grassers, ?3 2G@4 10; Bulls,
- o0f33 25. ' - ¦ ¦
TELE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOYEMBER 20, 1900.
New York Grain and Produce
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
t LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Feb. Mar.
Opening 5 10% 6 'i
Closing 5 11% 6 $i
PARIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar.-Juae.
Opening 20 10 21 63
Closing 20 10 21 CO
Flour —
Opening ••• ••••• 25 95 27 70
Closing 25 85 27 70
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Nov. 19.— CATTLE!— Racelota. 28*.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
FOR U. S. NAYY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticetlo."
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Tnura. and Sat. at 9 4i
a. m.. 3:13. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thura. night); Fri-
days. l'P. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m. S
n to. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
pier No. J. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE .j I*,
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
j.0.SP8£ClElS4BE3S.C0.,Agt3.JickEt(Kto,643KarhtJl
f reig&t Offisa, 327 Market St. Pier lo. 7. Pacific St. •
SS MARIPOSA. for Honolulu. Sar&oa, New
'Zealand and Australia. ........ ...... ...
*. Thursday. November 22, 4:30 p. m.
S3 "ZEa'LaNDIA (Honolulu only)
&». itAUA Mo nday. December 3. 2 p. m.
SS. "AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Tuesday. December 4. 4 p. m.
BlPPflJlIC S "ALAMO «0 SYDNEY.
VVVtalllV «*.<»• VV. DIRECT USE TOMHITI
C0MPA05IE 6EKERALB TBAN3ATLA5TIQCB.
Sonaf-itS" J Kt^ta- -to H avre £3 and
STA-TKS SIF&N A$a\ «Broadw ay (Hudson
« ,,jiji-«\ v#»w York J. r . -r l. *j .-*..*-* oc \~\j. w
Pacin? C^sl xjenu 5 Montgomery avenue.
S*n Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
ITS w" YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. L05D05. PABI8.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Kvery Wednesday. SJ a. m.
Kensington.... Nov. M \ South wark J«- J»
St. Louis ."Dec. 5 St. Louis Dec 24
New York Dec. 13
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington.... Nov. » I Southward.... Dec. »
Noordland Dec. 5 Western!and...Dec 28
Friesland Dec. 12 I
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NA\ 'GAUON CO..
30 Montgomery st. Or any of its agenta.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL, LEAVE WHART, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calUnjr at
Kobe (Hlotfo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Honskons with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board oa day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARC
Thursday. December a. 1300
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. December », 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. J*or
freight and passage apply at company"* office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
THE I R. & R. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street "WTxart at 10 a. m.
CADE £'2 First Class Including Berth
I Ant S8 Second Class and ifeala.
COLUMBIA sails Not 24. Dec 4
GEO. W. ELDER nails Not. 19. 19
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Batte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro,
East Sun Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m. ; steamer
Borlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the light to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKKT OFFICE— i New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
For San Dleso. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
gelts) — steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. :
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'- Steamers leave Broadway
wharf. San Francisco:
Wrfru- For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m..
ViriraK. Nov - 17> "• 2 '- r>ec - 2 - Chans'*
|^J*£\»ijj^ to company's steamers at Se-
ftjBSk^SS VVJ For Victoria. Vancouver CD.
fMrZtikirTiTi] c ->- fort Townsend. Seattle.
t^^EfiBats! Tacoma. Everett. Anacortei
and N-fw Whatcom (Wash.)—
"• 11 a. m.. Not. 17. 22. 27, Dec. 2
and every fifth day thereafter. Change at Se-
attle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Nov.
19, 24, 29, Dec. 4, and every fifth day there-
after.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AUCTION SALES
GRAND AUCTION SALE
OF
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS
FROM
W. O'B. MACDONOUGITS
MENLO STOCK FARM.
,.„,„.. S1 " d '•>• the Great St. Carlo.
F?anfv T i5r °l hers "»«» Stoten to Count of
*• lancers \ alenclenne. St. Phillip. So-
cialist. Tenabrae. Etc.,
PALO ALTO THOROUGHBREDS,
RAC LOYAlkr M^ KAV - MAHINER (Imp.) and
MarelT^ mp -i- ° Ut of the CholCe
Alares That Have Made This
farm Famous.
Also the Royally r, rM K1Ily LASS ITUDE. *>*
FALSETTO.
Thursday Evening, Nov. 22, 1900,
Commencing at 7:45.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721-733 HOWARD ST.. NEAR THIRD.
V w rnvvv'^: °- **A*NG. Proprietor.
ir. w. COVEY. Auctioneer.
Catalogues ready. Horses oa the premises.
fe fe»
30 HEAD OF BROKEN DRIVING, EXPRESS
AND DRAFT HORSES,
Matched teams, weighing from 1000 to 1850.
Consigned by J. B. NIGHTINGALE, Cordelia.
. CHASE & MENDENIIAIX.
SalesyartS— 1732 Market street, corner Van
Ness avenue. .
AUCTION 3 ALE,
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET 127
Sixth at.. Wednesday. Nov. n. u o^cloci. 14
head of Draft Horses, also good Driving Horses.
Buggies. Wagons, Harness, etc
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.the James Landregan
Trial.
BERKELEY, Nov. 19.— Three more ar
rests of men charged with violating the
Officers Fail to G«t Jury in Time for
TEKPEKANCE MEU
CAUSE MOBE ASBESTS
OAKLAND. Nov. IX— License* to marry
were issued to-day to Roy c neater Con
5aa. 2. Fruitval?. ard Ada Rose Hardin
son. 22, Oakland; Fred Herbert Goc4
sneed. 35. and Majrarte Mahoney. 23. Sa.»
Francisco: Janres Joseph Collins. Z* anJ
Edna Marie Germain. H» Oakland-
Charles Flemlrg GrifStn. 24, and Eliz*I
beth M. iz-xecd. S4. Sas Franctsca.
Licenses to Harry.
Charge* Wife With Desertion.
OAKLAND. Nov. 13— "Walter J. Byrne
ix* mi*d. &n*an M. Byrne for a divorce,
i~eglrj desertion,
BERKELEY. Nov. 19.-H Hanrood and
Mrs. M. L. HIggtns were thrown from a
carriage yesterday at North Berkeley by
the horse which Haywood was drtvtnjr be
coming unmanageable. Part of the har
ness broke and the hors« becomin*
frightened kicked in the front of th*
buggy. It then started to run and In mak
ing a Quick turn threw the occupants cf
the carriage out on the sidewalk
Neither was seriously hurt. Bystander*
stopped the horse.
Thrown From Carriage.
It la In Russia's most fertile districts
that the worst famines occur, for famine —
a little one every year, a big one every
seven years— has now become a regular
occurrence. And the country, as one flies
across It. leave* the peneral Impression of
indigence. In sharp an- painful contrast
with Western Europe there are virtually
no fat stockyards, no -oozy farmhouses,
no chateau of the local landowner, no
snuire's jiiall— pitiful assemblages of men
and women just on t~e hither side of the
starvation line.
A Land of Poverty.
£hoe=aker Loses a Leg*.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 13.— Albert J. Cyford.
i shoemaker residing at UOS Railroad ave
:ue. had his left leg amputated between
he fccee and thiirb yesterday at the Eana
:ortuin. Cyfora"* aSiction was a peculiar
£:»»*«« of the bone. «Sa«. the doctors say.
» the constant hammering of shoes and
eather en the lrne* and thigh. Several
iperatlsss had been perfonaed In order
o save the patient's leg. btit they availed
icthirx and to save Cjrford'm life ampu
atlon was decided apon. His condition la
tew hcpefuL
Men's League Banqueti
' OAKLAND. Nov. 19. — The annual ban
quet of the Men's League of the Union
street Presbyterian Church will be held
to-morrow evening at the church parlor3.
Alaaeda Social Doings
ALAMEDA. Nov. u_v.-* B .,*~~i
night the Harmonie Club will &£s? a 7
the twenty-fifth anniversary nt F ?. o^
ranlzation. A programme con-istlne n'r
a proioKue. a theatrical p*rforr~anc? hS
club members, a ball and bar.°u« win hi
given In Harmonie Hall onPar «L b ,'
The Harmonie Club is one of the o!,W
™*ssr CSJoyable aad ¦ys/sss
Dr. and Mrs. G. P. Reynolds and t*. .
daurhter. Miss Grace, have re" rn"d from
an Eastern trip of ten weeks m
Wednesday night the Unitarian r-nH.
wlll hold it? annual ladles' rCrhL Th^*
feature of tht occasion win be a nrnm
enade concert. The large auditorium T of
the Unitarian church and the adjoining
parlors are to be decorated with palmZ
and greenery and arranged for the proa
Professor Gayley to Lecture.
OAKLAND. Nov. 13.— Professor Charle?
Mills Gayley of the University of Calior
nia will lecture to-morrow evening be
fore the Ebell Society, his topic being
"Some Types and Humor of Society."
The development of our vast arable ter
ritory In the West. Northwest and South
west, and th« striking results of irriga-.
tlon when applied to what were formerly
considered desert lands, have Increased
our crop supplies more rapidly than the
increase of population. Despite the dire
predictions that prices of wheat, corn, and
cotton must inevitably advance because
little land remained to.be cultivated In
the West and South, the fact is that mil
lions of acres are yet awaltlnjr tillage. In
Texas alone an area almost as extenstTe
as that of the original thirteen States is
virgin soil. The emigrant may have to
ro farther and work harder to establish
a •-; homestead in the United States, but
Uncle Sam is still rich enougrh to give
every able-bodied. Industrious new-comer
a chance to own a farm.— Leslie's Weekly.
The Interesting disclosure is made that
tbe cost of living is less in the United
States to-day than tt was in 1360. Care
fully compiled statistics show that articles
coating J10O then cost only $75 now. It la
true that a few things are more expensive,
but commodities consumed generally by
families, such as breadstuffs. sugar, rice,
salt, woolen and cotton gt>ods, boots and
shoes, and sillc and rubber roods, are
considerably cheaper now than they were
thirty years ago. All manufactured goods.
with hardly any exception, ar» cheaper.
mainly because of improved process of
manufacture, which enables the maker to
reduce the cost to the lowest point.
Living" Expenses Decreased.
Parents Deserted Him.
OAKLAND, Nov. 13.— Thomas Kelly
was appointed guardian to-day of John
Cunningham, who was deserted by hi3
parents, Owen and Nellie Cunningham.
Kelly was required to furnish a bond of
J300.
OAKLAND, Nov. 13.— "Bishop's day"
will be celebrated Wednesday at the
Church of the Advent by the California
branch of the Woman's Auxiliary. The
services will be conducted by Bishop
Nichols. There will be addresses at 10 a,
m., 1 p. m. and 2 p. m.
To Observe Bishop's Day.
In failing the twdy had struck the stovo
burners, extinguishing the gas flow The
eIl^ly «corched. but there wal
£2n£2riI5?«n tha i A^ th had "s^ted from
asphyxiation. Anderson carried his wife
Working.
OAKLAND, Nov. 15— While preparing
a noonday dinner to-day Mrs. Jessie An
d#rBon was suddenly stricken at her
hone, 753 Grove street, it is supposed with
heart disease. She fell upon a gas stove
over which she had b<*-n working, and
rZ~M- £ re * to . found by her husband.
dir^er Ander ™>n. "hen he returned for
Husband Finds "Wife's Body on Gas
Stove Where She Had Been
FALLS DEAD WHILE
COOKING DDTirEB
ALAMEDA, Nov. 13.— LIro Hakashl. a
Japanese servant girl who was arrested
Saturday and charged with petty larceny
for stealing a diamond ring" belonging to
her mistress, Mrs. A. E. Dambacher. was
taken from the city prison yesterday on
the advice of a physician, who said that
the girl was sufferlne from typhoid fever.
Ball was furnished by several of her
countrymen.
Prisoner Sad Typhoid Fever.
OAKLAND, Nov. 13.— Because a cor*
c&de a mistake and used borax Instead
Bf baklsr powder Joseph Taylor. John
Taylcr and Thomas Taylor, broom manu
faetsrer* ct Frclrrale, have suffered se
rious illness, approaching the danger line
«o closely that physician* and druggie
Is the suburban district have been busy
j attendance upon th« afilcted. men dur
lr.g the past thirty-six hours. The pa
tients are now said to be out cf danger,
but thetr eufferlcc has been of a most
**v«-e natare. _~,.
Yesterday morning William Turner,
rhfl works with the Taylors, waa chosen
ty lot to cook the Sunday dinner for the
quartet. Now Turner is a first-«Lass
»rnora-c:aker. bat when tt come* to mat
ter* ef the ceisin« he Is sllgbtly duIL But
the new chef was undaunted by his ln
experfence ar.d he proceeded to prepare
:he meal. Ween he came to make some
pudding Turner went rtrht ahead. But
;he error that prcrved nearly fatal was not
;:5covere«i until the three brothers col
apsed" frora pain asd iefferinff.
Turner, who had partaken of th# bo
-axixed. pudding, was likewise Btrlcken.
»ut he discovered hl» mistake ta time
:o tell the physician* and the prompt
nedlcal attention eared the four from a
rretcfceS death.
Untutored Cock Uses Borax Instead
cf Baklny PoTrdex "With Dis
astrous BesTdts.
POISON IN FTJDDI2JG
APTXICTS FOX7B 20151
OAKLAND, Nov. 13.— Isaac B. "Wheeler,
in early days a miner of prominence, dle-1
yesterday at his residence, 829 Union
street. Wheeler was active in the early
greenback party organization, later was
a strong anti-Chinese agitator. He leaves
a wife and the following" named children:
Mrs. M. L. Maurer. Mrs. E. A. TuIIy.
Mrs. Daniel Meader, Z. G. Wheeler. Mrs.
W. S. Rucker and W. A. Wheeler. The
funeral will be held to-morrow afternoon
at 1' o'clock from the family residence.
Death of L B. Wheeler.
R. T. Crawford, '97, fellow In astron
omy at Mount Hamilton, Is visiting
friend* in town.
At the annual dinner of the San Fran
cisco Merchants' Association, to be held
November 5, Professor Kendric C. Bab
cock la to speak on "Municipal Owner
«hip."
Dr. Henry Senger. associate professor of
German in the university, will lecture on
'The Teaching cf Languages" before the
class in the theory of education at 10:20
o'clock Monday morning", in room 13.
North HalL
Owen McCutchen Nicely, a senior In the
College of Social Sciences . has been ap
tointed to fill the vacancy in the L*n
trauss scholarship made by C. C. Wil
liams, absent from college on leave.
TTNIVKRSITT OF CALIFORNIA,
BERKELEY, Nor. 13.— Miss Muriel East
man, president of the senior class, has
appointed the following committee to ar
range for the annual senior social: Miss
Anna White. Miss Edith Gaddis, Miss
Carrie Hirstel. Miss Rita Beatty. Glenn
Allen, E. R. Chllds, C. D. McConaughy,
T. D. Mansfield and F. L. Goodenow.
UNIVERSITY
NEWS ITEMS
Cessation of Work.
OAKLAXD, Nov. 13.— The Judson Roll-
Ing Mills have been temporarily »hut
down for repairs. The employes, 12$ in
number, have been laid off until an ex
tensive overhauling of the works has been
completed. >To detinlta time for resump
tion In this department of the works ha3
been given. The other portions of tlw
works, employing between 200 and 3d)
men. have not stopped operations.
The management deny that this partial
shutdown of the works has any connec
tion with the recent strike of the work
men, who had been threatened with a
reduction of wages. The statement is
made officially that there were repairs
necessary to machinery which could only
be made when the works were- not run
ning.
chinery Bequires a Temporary
Necessary Overhauling of Heavy Ma-
JTJDSON EOLLTNG MILLS
SHUTS DOWX FOB SEPATBS
"How many calls can a girl attend to In
an hour? Well. I have made connections
for 300 talks between 9 and 10. exclusive
of the numbers I reported aa busy."— New
Orleans Times-Democrat. ri, -
"After 4 o'clock, however, there Is a
steady and continuous increase in the
stream of talk. We girls who have been
In the exchange a good while get to know
exactly how the city wakes up. The mar
ket men head the procession, and then fol
low the different tradespeople and clerks
and office employes, according to the ne
cessities of their various callings. All of
them use the 'phone more or less, and it
Is very curious and Interesting to watch
the graduations by which the community
settles down to its day's work. By 3
o'clock the rush of traffic has become
something tremendous, and it grows by
leaps and bounds until It reaches a climax
at 10. From 9 to 10 the calls will often ex
ceed 4000. Then there la a slight falling
off, becoming more marked as the day
advances, and between 4 and 5 nine-tenths
of the business 'phones have subsided.
But, oddly enough, the residence 'phones
at that Juncture suddenly take up the
tale, and -their heaviest business is be
tween 4 and 6. I suppose the business
folks are through then* with the main
cares of the day and have a little leisure
for long-distance gossip. Throughout the
early evening calls don't vary much one
way or the other, and with 9 o'clock they
begin to dwindle steadily down to 1:30,
which,, as I said before, is extreme low
water mark.
Over the "Wire in a Big" City.
"It's very curious how talk ebbs and
flows over the wire," said a New Or
leans telephone frirl. "Low tide Is at 1:20
tn the mornlnjr. Around about that time
several minutes will sometimes elapse
when nobody in this whole big city is us
ing the 'phone. When you come to think
about tt that is something" remarkable.
Between 1 and§2 o'clock the calls will av
erage from 190 to 180, rarely more; but, for
some reason I was never able to under
stand, business always picks up between
2 and 3 — In fact. It nearly doubles. Then,
for equally mysterious reasons, there !s
another lull, and the hour between 3 and 4
i3 almost as quiet as between 1 and 2. I
have often tried to figure out some theory
for those two curious fluctuations, but
have never even hit upon one that was
even plausible.
How Conversation E"bbs and Flows
TELEPHONE TTDESw
What time was not taken up by the dis
cussion of the plan of Supervisor R.oeth
for the taxin* of saloons Inside of cities
was taken up with the investigation of
the charges filed ajrainst the saloon con
ducted by Henry Fortune at Decoto. A
protest was filed against this saloon a
week agro and to-day there were a lot
of witnesses to testify that Fortune kept
a disreputable place. Nearly all of the
pijrners of the protest were present. Mrs.
Rosaria Enos testified that Fortune kept
a place where there were frequent drun
ken carousals. J. M. Hayes said that
h*s had seen little -fflrls In th« saloon, and
Frank Mello. a *even-year-old boy. eald
that he had purchased whtaky. Mrs E
Martin, who lives across the street, said
that Fortune had u?ed vulrar lansruaic*
many different tlrn<*s. J. Peterson de
clared that Fortune had admitted that his
place did rot have a *ood reputation.
Snook & Church aDpeared for Fortune
and said that they did not expect to be
confronted with witnesses to-dav and as*.
ed that th*y be Riven till next Monday to
furnish witnesses a-« to the gwid renuta
tion of the place. Th!* was allowed.
Supervisor Roeth then wanted his reso
lution Instructing the Tax Collector to en
force the ordinance adopted. There was
no second to his resolution, and Super
visor Talcott moved that it be laid upon
the table, which motion was adopted bv
a vote of four to one, Roeth alone voting
"no."
Supervisor Wells said that he did not
think that it was necessary to pass the
resolution whereupon Roeth wanted to
know If Wells did not think tt the duty of
the License Collector to collect that li
cense. The Supervisor from the lower por
tion of the county replied that he did and
moved that a copy of the resolution lw
sent to the License Collector, which mo
tion was carried.
This merely throws the responsibility of
the entire matter upon the License Col
lector.
Where the ordinance of th» county attempts
to provide police regulations, and they are in
conflict with the police regulations established
by any of the Incorporate! cities and towns,
such police regulations of the Incorporated
cities and towns ara superior to the police regu
lations provided fo4 by the ordinance of the
county. Respectfully submitted.
JOHN J. ALLEN*.
District Attorney of Alameda County.
Office of tb« DUtrlet Attorney Oakland. No
vember 13. 1900 — To th« Honorable the Board of
Supervisors of th« County of Alajneda. — G«ntl«
men: The license ordinance of our county
passed by your honorable body with respect to
licenses operates through the entire county,
and thtr« Is no exception la favor of incorpo
rated cities and towns. They are also subject
to lt» license provisions.
This question had been referred to Dis
trict Attorney Allen for his opinion, and
the opinion was filed as soon as the Su
pervisors convened. The opjnion was as
follows: i
The Board of Supervisors of Alameda
County spent the greater part of the dar
in struggling with saloon fights In various
forms. First there was the proposition
submitted by Supervisor Ro«th that tha
county saloon license apply to all saloon*
inside of incorporated cities and towns as
well aa outside.
Oakland OfSce San Call.
Il5l Broadwav. Nov. 13.
District Attorney Allen De
fines Power of Super
visor in Matter.
MAY TAX SALOONS
IN CITY LIMITS
Halcyon Parlor No. US, Native Sons of
the Golden V/est. will give a social and
dance in Forester?' Hall to-morrow even
ing. The committee In charge consists of
F. Sampson Ccr.e, W. A. Gunn and T.
Waldorf Eisfeldt.
enaders. Music will be discoursed bv an
orchestra under the direction of J. D.
Hynes. Vocal selections are to b« ren
dered by the Knickerbocker Quartet. The
Unitarian Club now has two hundred
and fifty members and each member la
privileged to Invite two ladles and no
more.
The case of James Landresran did not
come to trial f.o-dav. owing to the in
ability of the officers to get a Jury In so
short a time. Another date for trial will
be set.
The men were admitted to ball In the
sum o-f J250 each. Coie had his trial set
for to-morrow evening at I o'clock, to ac
commodate his attorneys.
prohibition ordinance were made to-day.
The cases are among those secured by the
work of the Antl -Saloon League's em
ployes. Those arrested were Chris Schlen
ker Charles Peterson and Chri3 Cole, all
of West Berkeley.
OAKLAND, Nov. 13.— The new Mac
cabee Temple for this city on the
corner of Eleventh and Clay
streets Is nearly completed and
the Oakland "tents" and "hives"
cf the Maccabeo Order are walt'nar for
the return of State Commander S. W.
Hall In order that they may dedicate the
new building" with appropriate ceremo
nies. State Commander Hall t-« now In
Los Anjeles and is expected back about
December 1. when the arrangements will
b*_ made.
«Phe Maceabeean Order has been grow
ing" very rapidly tn Oakland of late.
There are two tents of masculine mem
bers of the order and two hives of
j female members In Oakland. They are
I sufficiently numerous to construct an en
i tlrely new place of meeting, which will
! be occupied by all of the divisions of tha
i order.
The new temple was desljrned by Oun
! nlngiiam & Politeo of San Francisco and
i R. H. Russell of Oakland has the con-
I tract. It Is in the Spanish style of archt
• texture and is of brick covered with ce-
I ment. The rcof will be of Spanish style
; The lower floor will be devoted to stores
; and the upper to a lodjre room that wiil
' be complete in every detail.
The officer? of Oakland Hive of the Mac
cabees are a.« follows:
Lady commander. Dr. Susan J. Fenton; lieu
tenant mmm»nd»r. Dr. Carrie B. Schofleld:
record keeper. Mr«. Bdna Patton: finance
keeper. Miss Elizabeth Blanchard; pan com
mander, Mrs. Elsie Kim ball; chaplain, Mrs.
Martha Blancfcanl: mistress at arms. Mrs. Ida
Townsen-i; sergeant. Mrs. M. Stow»rs; senti
nel, Mr3. Nellie Smith: picket. Mrs. Rosall*
Thomas; musicians, Mrs. Eva Waterheus* and
Mrs. Alice Hall: senior past commander. Mrs.
Mir.nle XV. Ayd»Iotte.
The officers of Oakland Tent of the or
der are as follow?:
Past commander, E. F. Garrison: present
commander. A. L. Wolf«: lieutenant Mm
n»nd»r, Dr. F. R. Jordan: record k~»p»r, J.
I* Fln»: flnanc* keeper. R. S. K*ef*r: chap
lain. W. H. Smith; «ers«tnt. J. S. Carney:
master at arras, F. S. Smith: "ret master of
guards, W. E. Ltllv second master of guards,
R. C. Jon<»9; sentinel. E. F. Rase: picket, P.
L. Stemberr: physicians. Dr. F. J. Todd an<i
Dr. B. F. St»tson.
The order Is preparing for a Joint ball
to be given at Reed Hall on tho evening
of November 22.
FINE XEW TEMPLE OF THE MACCABEES. WHICH WILL. BE COMPLETED AND READY FOR OCCUPANCY IX
A SHORT TIME. THIS ORDER HAS MADE SPLENDID PROGRESS IX OAKLAND AND ITS MEMBERSHIP
IS CONSTANTLY INCREASING.
k •
As each further item about bonds, divi
dends and construction accounts was pro
duced Hayne made objection and warn
arsrument. At each step of the proceed
ings the water company's lawyers were
fousrht. but th<» coart. following it^ orig
inal decision, allowed all of the figures to
er> upon the record. At adjournment the
'terns of construction were under In
quiry.
After Jndre Hart had given bis decision
President Watkinson was r*calle«i and
the water company's attorneys started to
pet Into the evidence the figures on th»
memoranda which the court . allowed
Watkinson to use. These Included a
tabulation of th# receiDts and expendi
tures of the company from the present
year back to 1S6S.
"It is a thing which ordinarily shoaM
not be done." replied Judge Hayne. "but
I consider when an advocate meets this
condition cf affairs it is his duty to de
nounce it. I say to the court with all
deference when that condition arises,
when ho sees an attempt to swear evi
dence In. It Is hts duty to denounce that
attempt In the strongest language."
Judge Hayne made light of Watkln
son's testimony that the books had been
destroyed without his consultation with
the board of directors, the governing body
of the corporation. .
Attorney McCutchen asserted that no
matter what the motive, the destruction
of the old books of account was not 11
lesai. He maintained that all of the cir
cumstances surrounding the burning" of
the books Indicated Innocence of motive
on the part of the company officials who
took part In the destruction.
"It is not justified . does no good and i3
unpleasant ia the trial of the case." said
his Honor.
Judge Hart Interrupted with a com
ment that he did not think Judge Hayne
should characterlza Dlnsref's and Wat
klnson's testimony as perjury.
"It is an Insult to our Intelligence for
them to say that they destroyed those
books because of lack of room and be
cause they did rot think it was wrong
to do so. Because one man goes oa the
stand and says that he did not know It
was wrong and another follows him on
the stand and do«s likewise, it ia none
the. less deliberate perjury."
In a lengthy opinion Judge Hart said
ht could find nothing so far adduced, in
the evidence to show that the water com
pany had destroyed the books with any
intent to conceal facts connected with the
present litigation. His belief in that r»
srard was based upon the fact that the
burning had been done a year before the
suit was brought. His Honor also heia
that the memoranda in question, cover
ing extracts made by Watkinson from the
burned records, had not been included in
the order he made allowing the city to
inspect the books and records. Judge Hart
=^id this data had been kept by Presi
dent Watkinson personally and that the
demands which the city experts had made
upon JDin^ee. Attorney McCutchen and
Former Secretary Beatie did not count,
because McCutchen and Dingee claimed
they did not know of the existence of the
important memoranda Watktnsoa had
kept and preserved.
Judg» Hart said the evidence »a3 that
the experts had started to make a de
mand upon Watkinson when he replied
there was no use for them to make their
demands because the books had long be
for- been destroyed,. Then they went to
McCutchen and made a specific demaml
for all papers which represented extract*
cr entries from the burned records, but
the demand was turned off on tne plea
that neither the attorney, Dinzee nor
Beatie knew of the existence of this Wat
kinson memoranda. And upon this state
ment Judge Hart summed up as follows:
"Now If It should have appeared la this
record that those papers were in exist
ence and that a demand for inspection
had been made upon the proper person
and refused, the court would be Ju«U!e<J
In excluding them on the ground of will
ful concealment."
When Hayne took up the argument this
morning he said:
"Suppose there were records in those
books of the corrupt use of money and
that they did not want these to become
known. Suppose that the books showe>l
money spent for legal services' which
were not proper. Could they then be held
to have destroyed the books innocently
when they wanted to conceal these mat
ters from the public*?
Oakland OfSce San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway. Nov. 10.
Before Judge Hart had ruled to-day
that he found no fraudulent purpose in
the burning of the books of the Contra
Costa Water Company. Attorney Hayn-?
had another fling at the testimony of
President Watkinaon and Vice President
Din^ee about their reasons for destroy
ing the records. Hayne reiterated his be
lief that the reasons which had been given
were untrue and absurd.
Judge Hart Strikes a Hard
Blow at the City in
Water Case.
NOT FRAUD TO
DESTROY BOOKS
ground Bo?!ey based in* allegations. Mr.
Bosley named a number of caaes la whicli
Philbrook conducted himself is an extra
ordinary manner, cttinir the attorney';*
**vtrolent attack cpon Kalph C Harrtsoa.
an honorable member of the Supreme
Cocrt." as the principa: one.
"I am still of the opinion that you are
of un»ound mind upon the particular sub
jects of fraud and conspiracy." was tnt»
witness' final reply.
Regarding Mr. Bo*!e?'s appointment a-»
trustee of the Merrtt: hospital, io fill th»
plac» made vacant by the resignation o'
John R. Glascock. Phiibrook sought tt>
show that It was done for some "under
ground" purpose.
**1 resent the Imputation." was Mr. Bos
ley's sarcastic answer.
Dr. P. L. "Wheeler was caileu to testify
as to hts conn«»ction with the afflilarit i:i
the Garcelon case and Janw Merrttt"*
letter sayir^ that h<» had had llti?arlf>n
enough. Myron T. Du3«n3ury substan
tiated Attorney Bcsley's testimony with
reference to Philsrook's anproaching hin*
wlta the object of •Teachiagr" the Mex
ritts.
The case will go or tr>- morrow.
The conflicting' testimony gave Attorney
Philbrook a chance to make the charge
that the other side had been "fl.xar.ff
things since adjournment."" Ee intlmatea
that the paper la c;:;..-t:on was written
only recently and not upon the data
which it bore — April S. HM. It turned out
that it was a deed of trust to a one-half
interest ta the Llvermore ranch, and in
case tt was sold one-half of the proceed-*
were to go to Jaires ilerritt.
Attorney Philbrook wanted Attorney
George W. Reed to produce a letter which
he said he saw on his ofSce deslc and
which was stgneii by Fre*l Merrttt. ilr.
Reed said he had no recollection of any
such letter. Later it developed that thera
was a ccniniunication from James iler
rttt. in which be stated that be feafl had
litigation enough and would not put up
anv more of his raon«y for that purpese.
This letter was Included ta an am^davit
by Dr. P. L. Wheeler filed la the Garce
lon case cow pending in the Untied States
Stiprense Court. Philfcrock sought to prov*
that the letter was inspired by Dr.
"Wheeler.
Attorney E. S. Plllsbury was called
after the recess. He testified aj to hi^
part In preparation of Dr. Wheeler's affi
davit, which had been forwarded to
Washington. The Ilerritt letter, whica
had been Included la the afflda-vlt. ha I
been given to him by one of the hospital
trustees.
Attorney Bosley's examination by Phil
brook took nearly all the afternoon aes
slon and at times wa* heated. A great
deal of time was taken up with a dis
cussion as to the propriety of Philbrock"*
action ia securing, from James Merrttt j
letter requesting a postponement cf Uta
guardianship proceeding. Bosley said that
Philbrook had no right to approach .x
client of his with sucu. a proposition. He
repeated what Myron T. Duaer.bury ha«t
told him of Philbrook's attempt to
"reach" the Merrltts through htm.
Taking up the charge" that have b»--.
made against htm that h<> is tcsan« ana
Incompetent to fulfill ihe office of guard
ian. Pntlbrook wanted to know upen wha:
Philbrook insisted oa callics Attorney
Bosley, but tne court called juds» Hea
shaw ana ne was sworn. Pnilbrooit, how
ever, refused io interrogate the witness.
and Judge dweeney then excuoe-i the Su
preme uud;e from further aitenclanca
upon the cuae.
When the proceedings opened this morn
ing Frederick ilerntc wu pu,t oa th»
stand to testify as to a ranch at Liver
more that his brother, James P. Merrttt.
had deedsii to him. He produced a paper
showing that the property waj to* t< aeki
in trust far bis brother.
The testimony of the brothers la reyartl
to the paper is conflicting 1 . James Merritc
tcstifled that the paptr was in his room
and that it vu a copy of aa original
which had been misplaced. Fred iltr
ritt testined that th* paper was la hi*
safe and that he was not auie It wu act
the onginaL
"Unless you put Judge Hens haw oa
right now." said Judge Sweeney. "I'll ex
cuse him from furtner attendance. Ha
has been dancing attendance upon you.
and this court Song enough. Ha la anofSxrer
of the State and should not be kept from,
discharging the great aaount cf wor£
that is pnmg up while n-s L» waitlns
here."
Between Jud^e Edward Sweeney and
Attorney Hors.ce W. Philbrook there wu
a lively exchange of words this afternoon
at the hearing of the Merritt guardian
*hip proceetLir.^3. which was resumed
after a lapse cf several weeitj slr.ee ta«
last aUjournment. The cause «raa PliU
brook's inaiatence tha.c Attorney Bosiej
be his rex: witness at cue "stage c* the
afternoon ins'fad of Supreme Judja W,
G. Uenshaw. whom the court wished to>
be put on *o that he might b« excused
tir.y tn time for other matters.
Oakland OfSee San Frorclacxj Call.
11LS Broadway. Nov. 13.
Judge Sweeney and Horac3
W. Philbrcok in Heated
Argument.
COURT EXCUSES
JUSTICE HENSHAW
Ctxrlts A. Imtotft claims for the posi
tion were net pressed, and finally as a
compromise Miss Mary F. McUufh!!n
who has beer. Jee's nurse for several
years, was chosen.
Dr. W. H Pattertcn, the physician who
has been attending Jee. stated his rea
son* war =• *houid be appointed ruard
ia=, Eaair^ them en friendship princi
pally, but his claims were thrown out by
the ceuxt.
cr the estate cf Arthur "W. Jee. an lccom
:<ter.t. -nr:th property valued at nearly
[5ft, 00, wajs productive cf a paper teem
ing wttb sensational charges this after
o :r. Jodse Greene's court. The state
ment was from the pen of the late Judge
A P. Catlin. who had charge of Jee's
estate from the time he became incom
petent, eifht years ago. and in it he ac
cuses Percy H. Coward, one of the appli
cants for the appointment of g-,iarcian.
RB6 his wife of committing a. luqUc of
trmadstest acts.
1r.- was read In court by Attor
ney Fu»tfli wno appealed for Charles
A. Laton. another or the jruaxdianship
6<seker&. Powers said thax Judge Ca.t
.:r. __*<! gone to his office In sian Fran
c;sco seme time before his Gtatii and
nade a statement to tita of certain trans
»ft*"TT3 tfe had observed m the relations
cf ilr. aid iirs. Coward while they were
cir.r.j ror J«-e before he was declared.
xaentaily Incompetent in lz2Z. He had re
quested Judge Catim to put his state
ments is m-r.urg asd submit them to him.
with bis signature. Judge Catiin ccni
plied with u:e bSMtXUGtiOBM, and it was
rms p<ip«=r waich was introduced to-day.
In ttM paper Judge Catitn says tnat
Percy H. Coward and his wife cared for
Jee after the death of his wife, which
death seined to have affected his mind.
}i:s mental incapacity increased rapidly,
snd cf tils fact the Cowards took advan
tage, so it alleged. The incompetent was
under the hallucination that ilrs- Cowaxd
was t'.s wife and he called her "Eliza."".
Bat the nest sensational charge is the
cr.e that ilr. Coward drew checks In his
own EfcTor a=i the favcr of those to whom
ba owed accounts £_gainst Je«"s bank de
poalx. He wcuid draw a check for any
rcs that suited his fancy and then have
t:.e incompetent man sign It.
There was also tee charge that Coward
tr.d his wife had get Jee to add a codicil
to fcia win la which he made Mrs. Coward
one of the heirs to the amount of $2000.
Tfc* codicil is written in lead pencil.
When the part cf the caper referrinx to
th« codicil was read Judge Greene called
a halt and <Jen=ar.de4 to know if the state
ment ir. regard to it wu correct. When
tola that it was he said that the fact that
Sirs. Coward was an heir to the estate
was gafflrtmt ta throw out the claims of
her husband to the guardianship, ar.d
with iittl* ceremony he refused to permit
further ejiderce in hia fc-half to ro In.
Cowari denied tie correctness of the
statement*.
Oak'aci Office San Francisco Call.
lilS Broadway. Nov. 13.
The hearing cf the testimony of the
three applicants for the oSce of guardian
Sensational Statement Made
bv Judge Catlin Before
His Death.
FRAUD IS CHARGED
IN THE JEE CASE
MISS BESSIE GAGE. WHO HAS
MADE HERSELF POPULAR
IN OAKLAND.
THE I*ATE tVTT.T.TAV SHAN
NON. WHO WAS ROBBED
AND DIED FROM SHOCK.
OAKLAND. Nov. 19.— Miss Bessi*
Gage, the daughter of Stephen I".
Gage, has left Oakland for a
three months' visit to frtend3 In
the Southern states. Before she
left she was the recipient of several so
cial attentions in the shape of card par
ties, at which she was the guest of honor.
These were in recognition of the fact that
Miss Gage, with the aid of her sister;..
Miss Mabel and Mis3 Ethel Gasre. has
been one of the most delightful entertain
ers of the fall season, and her entertain
ments have taken the form of whist,
heart or euchre parties.
When afternoon card parties b*cam*» -o
fashionable In Oakland society the Miss?*
Gape arranged a series of the moat in
teresting and elaborate parti<?? that tava
been given here. There 'were always thi
most artistic decorations, the most taste
ful of prizes, th«» most enjoyable of after
noons and perfection of arrangements.
and the card party afternoons at the Ga;re
residence have been among the charmins
events of the Oakland season.
IS TENDERED MANY
FAREWELL PARTIES
Prior to Departure for Visit in the South
Miss Bessie Gage Is Widely
"Hives" and "Tents" Are Anxiously Awaiting Return of
Their State Commander That the Dedicatory
Exercises May Be Held.
NEW-MACCABEE TEMPLE SOON
TO BE READY FOR OCCUPANCY
DIES FROM SHOCK
CAUSED BY HOLD-UP
William Shannon, for Many Years Nurse
of the Late Senator Stanford,
Passes Away.
OAKLAND. Nov. 13.— William Shan
non died to-day at his residence.
E2S Knox Piac«. from the shock
of having been held up at the cor
ner cf Sixth and Washington
streets on October 17.
Mr. Shannon was 52 years of age and ha£
been suffering from, a complication of kid
ney troubles for some years, but he had
always maintained his activity. A month
ag-o he was held up by a footpad and what
little money he had on his person at the
time was taken. Ke reported the matter
to the police and then went home. The
shock to hi» nervou* system was very
great and he took to his bed, which he
was ce%-«r ta leave aJive. His brother.
who was with him at the time of his
death, says that there Is no- question
that the shock of bein? held u^ had such
an effect upon his system as to have beer
the cause of his demise.
¦William Shannon was a pioneer of Cal
ifornia, and for the greater part of the
life cf the late Senator Stanford was the
companion and nurse of. the Senator. He
accumulated considerable money, and
leaves a comfortable estate. A wife and
several children survive him.
Merchant Who Suffered by
Burglary Refuses to
Make Complaint.
SUSPECT JENSEN
SECURES FREEDOM
"In 'Epite of Jensen's denials, tho stolen
property was found in his rooms.
"Cnder the law, the police could not
STvtsr to. the complaint. I feel much du
hearteced. because a vast amount of woik
has been done by the two departments
to clear away some of the mystery sur
rounding the recent burglaries in this
city."
Ihe police are undecid*»d what move ta
nv.ke. DUt at headquarters it is freely as
serted that steps will undoubtedly b«
taken to present the matter to the Grand
Jury.
"That the evidence was sufficient to
warrant the formal charging of Jcns*n
with the burg-Iary of Citron's place is a
fact." declared Chief Hodgklr.3 tbia aft
err^or. "We had. with efforts of the Ala
ineda police, traced clothing: stolen from
Citron's stnre directly to Jensen. The
ca.se was in excellent condition, when we
sent for Citron and he refused to swear
to the complaint because, as he said, he
feared that some of Jensen's friends
Blight try to wreak vengeance upon him.
In that position we found ourselves with
evidenc« which was of the best.
Such is th» reason piven by Chief of
P'-lice HodgJcins of this city by Chi<?f of
Police Conrad of Alameda and by Defec
tive Holland, through whose efforts a case
was worked up against the suspected
prisoner.
Because M. Citron, a Broadway mer
chant, refused to swear to a complaint
charging William J-n»en of Alameda with
burplary. that suspected accomplice of
Clarence French, the noted electrical bank
burglar, was released from custody tc
day.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Nov. 13.
ALAMEDA NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES BERKELEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVE3IBER 20, 1900.
11THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1900.
12
MUSICAL INSTRU3IEXTS.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piano heuae west of ChK'aso;
apenta peerless Heine and Hallet & Davis.
Boston's oldest »nd most famous piano, ana
t»>n other makes; pianos rented; rent allowed
on purchase. ___
3 Heine uprights •2T7
1 Mason & Hamlin JJ?
2 Stelnways 1*»
1 Chickling .. . I*" 1
1 Marsh?!! & Wendell £
1 Emerson *»
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st: open
¦ evenings.
THE old reliable Decker & Son pianos: estab-
lished In ttZG; are found not only In the par-
lors of the wealthy, but also In the families'
where a flrst-^laas article Is desired without
being obliged to pay an exhorbltant price.
They can be had In sm?ll sizes with plain
case at a figure within the reach of mwt
any or.e. and as the tcne and action is the
best, they are real bargains. We sell them
on payments If desired. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 7K> Market St.
ANY person having use for a puno can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay A Co."s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choc.«i» from. Each the b»:3t
pf their grade, from Stelnway down. PtIv-
Hege given to exchange medium and low-
priced planes for a new Stelnway any timo
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash ar.J
$6 per month. We offer to sell some goo-I
Pianos for »S. $4 and $1 per month. SHEK-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. fian Francisco,
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st. Oak-
land.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 2«.
23 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
n nd prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to pleas* and satisfy the.
customer.
I A BARGAIN LIST. "
Ccnover Walnut. Behr Brcs. mahogany, ?f»T-
liTig wa!nut. Bacon cbcnliei. Hallett & Davis.
Hainen Bros., at sacrifice; $140 up. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON. 16 OFarrell st Chlckertns
nsency.
A FEW extra bargains In second-hand up-
rljrhts; pood us new; Sxelnway. Chase Bros..
Pchurr.an. DEWING CO.. Flood building.
NEUMAN upright. VZ; Sherwood, $S3- Peek.
I $1CO; other bargains. Bni/ENN. 2C8 Post St.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market st.. 4 elegant up-
rlghts at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
1 GREAT many bargains In Jnd-hand upright?;
j small Installments. ITomunrr. 216 McAllister.
! SOHMER & CO.. Ryron Mauzy. Oabler. Splel-
i mann and Hamilton pianos. 3i)8 Post st
FINE large 3-pedal Upright ptano; must be sac-
j rlflced In 5 days; leaving city. 3C2 Turk st
1 BEST rent stock In city: new ptanon; $3 per
month. SCOTT CURTAZ. 5*0 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zither-, old an-1 new. H.
MULLER. maker, reoalrer, 2 Latham place.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage; dirt cheap;
Installments. Wilson's Storage. 719 Market.
> A BARGAIN: must b*? sold: nice upriirht piano.
SCHMITZ. IS McAllister st., next Hlb. Bank.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hanlman, Con-
ovcr & others. W. B. ALLEN A CO.. 314 Po«t
oil.. ¦
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country corresr'Pn'lence solicited.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
PROVEN oil lands In the Kern River flsld for
sale; no stock proposition: no wildcat schem?;
this Is sure territory In the largest and best
known field In California. If you want to form
a company buy good '.art! on the line of tha
railroad. NEWTON. CARMAN & SOMES.
S. C. MASON, asent. -oom :01. Chronicle bid.
A FORTUNE for $r«0— The first U. S. patent
oil land on the market in 20-acr» tracts: send
fjr map and experts' rejmrts and particulars.
A. L. WILLY. S16 ?.farU.?t St.. San Fran-
cl.««*o; rhone P,lark .121.".
j OIL. STOCK.
! WANTED— To exchange Pan Dlcgo. Coronado
i Beach or Oakland property for shares In Mon-
1 arch West Shore. Occidental or King Philip
i Oil Coirpanies. Address box 2047. Call office,
j Oakland.
j EXCHANGE-^Wlndmill.' 3000-gallcn tank. 50-ft.
I frame and hot air engine, for O K non-assess-
able nil stock. Aduress box 204D. Call office.
j Oakland.
PAL3IISTRY.
HT'jEROME ; FOSSELLlTscicnttnc palmist ]"i}5
Taylor st. ber. Geary and Post; tel. B'acH 581.
MME. NEERGAARD. 730 Post: tel. Hyde 2332:
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment.
PATENTS AM) PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no chars? unless successful.
OFO. P. C*MPBFTLL. !jmr7»r. Examiner h!«
PERSONALS.
IF ALBERT ELSEY CARVER, who wa« re-
j riding In and ne.ar Vancouver. British Co-
lumbia. Jurtng the years 1SSU to 1335. and
afterward In California, and was last heard
of in Sonora. Cala\*eras County, in California,
about June. 1S36. will apply to the undersigned
he will hear of something to his advantage.
WELLS & HIND, Solicitors. Nottingham.
England.
GENTLEMAN (foreigner of noble birth) In-
vites correspondence of cultured lady; object
matrimony. Box 341. Call office.
OPERA hair styles; the very newest; only 25c;
doll wigs a specialty; also hair ornaments,
switches, $1. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 792;
made to order: renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty; flne up-
holstery. HOPKE BROS.. 31S and 330 11th st
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
¦ Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
23c to $1 50 per night: SI 50 to S8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FRED MANN, magnetic healer of nervous and
other diseases, specialist In head trouble ami
rheumatism: pamphlet sent free. S48 McAIIUtr.
SUITS to order on installments; $15 upward; $1
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market st. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
LEDERER'S Quintonlca is a superb hair tonic:
unsurpassed: 35c bottle. 123 Stockton st
FINE suits. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
. ¦
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
: MRS. Dt. James positively cures rheumatism
without drugs or medicine. 29 Eddy. rm. 30.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and
moles; trial free. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter.
USE LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo. It will
keep your hair fresh and clean: 5c package.
ASK for unequaled-D. F. Black Suede Gloves:
$1 25 a pair; guaranteed. 121 Grant ave.
SCIENTIFIC massage treatment by trained
male nurse from the East 334 O'Farrell st
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists. _
BUY your coal of LANGE & GOLF, suuu»WCT»
to W.H.Wiseman. 1711 Sacto.: tel. Sutter 2775.
SUIT3 to order on easy payments. Art TaJIor-
lng Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restore"! gray
hair to Its natural color: $1: at all druggists.
A WEEK'S news for Be— The 1 **;*"* i*
pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 I** TW-
PHYSICIANS AND 1 SUBCEO5I.
DR. C. C. O" DONNELL-Of flee and restdenc*.
1021M> Market st. between Sixth and Seventh.
REAL /ESTATE — CITY—FOR SAXJC
T. P. RIORDAN. REAL ESTATE AGENT.
632 Market st. Room Z.
$3500—60x137-6; west side of Larkin st. near
bltumlnued; grand view; must
$36.000-F'ne°large a corner. fronting _thre« itnjts.
with improvements: " e *'™%J*£ U . ?°?
investment; part cash, balance on • per
$13 500-S I fee r tf a fl* improved corner; south
'^ I™ Market st. with flne Improvements;
always rented: $1175 yearly: bargain.
$6000-4i>x85- west side of Valencia st. near
with Improvements; rent-
ed for $50; good bargain.
us noo— Beautiful corner residence of IS rooms
$15.00O-Beaut / modern , mDrO vements; fine lo-
cation: best bargain offered la the city.
»25 000-Flne Investment on Mason st. near
?_a,w«— . linprove< j.
$57.50ft-Flne Improved business corner, paylne
n 'i aI hav«" several flne corners south of
Market st: good investments; paying
well: great bargains.
$13 500—65x120; Busl»«t, near Polk; with good
* "^Improvements; must be sold; bargain.
Call and see me If you want to sell or buy.
Can ana se^ p riqrdaN. 632 Market st
FOR sale, or would exchange for cottage *r<t
lot in San Francisco. 5 acres of rich black
loam, house of 4 rooms and bath. barn. 2
chicken houses, poultry, horse and buggy,
cow, good water, close to railway station;
price $1SOO. Inquire of owner. C. M. DEANE.
Mountain View Pcstofflce. Santa Clara Co.
$5250— JUST finished; a large 9-room residence.'
containing salon parlors, dining-room and re-
ception hall, highly decorated 3 wood man-
tels, kitchen, sinkroom. 5 bedrooms and larso
hard-flnlshed basement; on Waller st 1 -
block from Halght between Pierce and Scott -
terms, one-quarter cash, balance $40 monthly
at 6 P*r cent -^^
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for clr-
cuiar. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
15-ROOM house, 2 baths, marine view. In
i choice location: 1307 Taylor st. near Wash-
ington: rent only $50. Including water. W.
H. CRIM & CO.. 118 Montgomery st
ELEGANT furnished house of nine rooms,
bath, finished attic and basement; grand ma-
rine view; carpets new. Call 2719 Paclflc ave.,
from 10 a. m. to 2 p. m.
$14— EIGHT rooms and bath; newly papered.
22 De Boom st.. off Second, near Branntn.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Fox terrier; short tail, long ears, blatk
eye: name Buz. Please notify A. B- PAL-
MER. ISIS California st.
LOST— Jerypy cow. on November 14, branded on
left hip F. P. Return to Green Mt Ranch,
Bay View, and receive $0 reward. .
LOST— Diamond locket, with initials C. J. W.
on back. Return to 501 Montgomery ave.; re-
Ward.
LOST— Enameled Maronic ring: name and
Latin inscription inside. Return to 1CCS Sacra-
mento St.; reward $2 50.
LOST— Great Dane dos (brlndle): $20 reward If
returned to 14S Third st: no questions asked.
LOST— On leaving the opera last Saturday i
night, a diamond sunburst brooch. The finder
upon returning same to the business office of
The Call will receive a reward of $50.
$5 REWARD— Lost, Saturday evening:, on
Jackson st, between Franklin and Larkin.
mink collarette. Return to 2216 Webster St.
LOST— Purse, in vicinity of Eighth and Fol-
sorn sts. Return 1519 Fclsom st. ; reward.
FOUND— A diamond brooch; personal Inter-
view with owner desired; no agents consid-
erod. C. R. CLIFFE. Winchester Hotel.
FOUND— A larre black dog; white spot on
breast; owner can have same by proving prop-
erty and paying expenses. Call 3oV a West Mls-
slon st.
mj M EPICAl*.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office: ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDOO HERB home cure,
any one can u<e It with satisfaction: perfect-
ly harmless. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 1018 Mar-
ket, opp x 5th; world-renowned ladles' special-
ist; safe, reliable; practiced in San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success- I
fully; treatment can be used at home; consul-
tation free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs."
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 937 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth-Safe and reliable ladles' physician;
treatment. $5; positive cure guaranteed; when
others fall consult, free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007H Market, expert on dis-
eases of women: 15 years* practice In S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; |5 at office; have cured thou-
gands of ca.«ps; unexcelled success; see free.
NG TOY KEE. Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc: all diseases treat-
ed; send for testimonials: advice free. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento St., corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladies' spe-
cialist: safe and sure cure, $5: best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER, practical female specialist for
- 37 years; can be sent. 323 Kearny st
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladies' specialist; home
for ratlfnts. 510 Eddy rt.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, Engines. 2d-ha^nXlnachlneryT Mc^
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 1S5-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors. Rhowcas.cs.count<»rs,
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. 1
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. I
above Sixth; write for catalogue. i
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and :
t $0 per month: write for catalogue and price. '
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California j
st. ; rentals, new machines, $3 per month. ,
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machlmry. en- !
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys, i
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear Bt.
NEW 5S Majestic range, with steam heater and !
cooker, cheap; suitable for 3)0 people. North- ;
east corner Point Lobos and Fifth aves.
FOR sale or to rent— A 54 electric light bath
cabinet; new. Northeast corner Point Lobos
and Fifth aves.
6-IIORSE Golden Gate gas or gasolfne engine.
$150; can be seen running at 623 Golden
Gate ave.
BILLIARD tables, balls, cues and racks, com-
plete; dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON,
16 O'Farrell st
AMERICAN self-cocking pistols for $3; almost
new; worth $S. At Uncle Harris". 15 Grant ave.
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont st. I
GASOLINE, gas engines, second-hand, bought,
sold and exchanged. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome st.
SEALSKIN coat on sale cheap at 512 Post
street.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
GREAT Dane; broke to harness; will carry
child on his back; cheap. 810 Howard st
10- TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 218 California st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and aold. KROUGH Mfg. Co.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 MlsMon st.
WILL rent full-dress Tuxedo or Prince' Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stktn. |
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-43 Sacramento st
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns. n«"w and 2d-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post st
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Small second-hand motor, one-flfth
to one-tenth horsepower. Address Mechanic.
Call office.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman, 9S4 Folsom ; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st: tel. Jessie 111.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st
MONEY TO LOA N.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be < waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call fiS-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interest In Estates ....
.... Undivided Interest In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford ,to pay on furniture, pianos, etc • do
not borrow of your friends or you will" "lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay- no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 90$ Market st
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought- de-
lay; get my terms before doing business els«»-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. t
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent- first
second mortgages, estates In probate Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages life insurance. Room 18. first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEn!
H , I .°. HLT . re »P« ct » b '« Private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
A-$5CO.00O ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and «7i
laterals. J. BROWySTO^ljgnglg:
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds"
witches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth-
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.'
A^ i y r * mou 1 n , t J2L £ rlV i ate , ™ ny on 'unmure and
ROX^i 11 £1 ?™ : 1O , W ratM : con "dentlal.
BONELLI. 301 Jones st. corner Eddy.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs; cltv. country- lt%undl-
vlded ints; estates. HARPER. -337 pVrrot U?| g.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 366 Parrott bulld-
lng; men can secure loans on personal .note.
M h"i\ E t Y ™ D !| d i B \ 1 r ar1^ P™? 1 * w "»>out sefe'Lrity.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
TO salaried people without security: all busl-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott bl".
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building -
low rate. Home Bldg Co.. 222 Sansom, st..^
MONEY to loan on furniture by private xwrty-
. low rate. 917 Market st. room 1Yaie parxy>
?t? 'u™>lture a nd pianos; no removal; confl-
•dentlal; on diamonds, etc 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big.
BCSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
A— $600; FINE candy store In splendid location
nicely furnished; cheap rent; clears J125 pei
month; great bargtUn. LANE & CO., 865 Mkt
PARTNER wanted In an established business
clearing $75 mo. each; light work; short hours
no exper. required. LANK & CO.. S65 Market
RESTAURANT; nice place for man and wife
receipts $15 a day; low rent; see this at once
¦nap; only $225. LANE & CO.. S65 Market st
PARTNER wanted, man or woman; business
established for years. LANE & CO.. £65 Mkt,
WANTED— By a responsible lady of best ref-
erences, a flrst-class furnished rooming hous<
to manage or housekeeper's position In lare<
hotel in any city on the coast Address F.,
131 Buchanan st
BEST chance offered for Industrious party Ir
pcik and sausage factory delicacies, etc.; ok
established; whole or half; well paying; In-
vettlgate. Box 306. Call office.
BAKER'S large portable sand oven. $40. 32C!
Mission st.
FOR eale— Butter and egg route; good horst
and wagon; sickness; $201. £40 Halght et
GROCER! and bar: frood business; selling ac-
count sickness, nil Howard et.. <-or. Vanston
ESTABLISHED, well paying business and pat-
ents In coast States for sale. Box 304/ Call.
WELL-PAYING. 1 restnurant: good location;
cheap rent; bargain. Apply 369 Hayes St.
GOOD-PAYING fruit etore with living rooms,
cheap. IS? Eighth st.
A— $4000: BREWERY and bottling works; owner
has other business; cannot attend to both;
will sell half or whole Interest. See owner,
605 Battery st.
WANTED— Lady or gent with $100 to act ss
cashier; salary $15 per week. Including ex-
pt-nses; must travel. H. -&.. box 2S5. Call.
A — FOR sale on account of sickness; one of the
oldest and best-known restaurants and saloon;
$3000 to $5000 required. Apply 116 Front St.
SALOON for sale: located 1 block from Hall of
Justice, near Kearny st. Apply 640 Commer-
cial St.
BEST paying roadhouse in the State; murt be
sold this week; psrty going East Address
W. KLUCK. Vallcjo. Cal.
BAKERS— Bakery complete to let: NW. cjr.
84th and Guerrero sts. Owner 128 Chattanooga.
INSIDE route on this paper lor eale. Apply
CALL fcu5lne*s office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. L. WILLEY. room 18. 916 Market st.
16 rooms, $750; rent, rvlth water, $25; Howard
Bt. near new Postofflce; all rented.
15 rooms, JUOO; rent, with water, $63; Geary
st. : oak furniture; hot water In every room.
29 rooms. $1700- rent $100; one floor; Market
et. opposite I. O. O. F. building.
Other houses, lots, farms, mines and any-
thing you want for sale or exchange. 916 Mar-
ket st; open from 8 to 8; phone Black 5*15.
A— 22-ROOM house; central $1000
20-room house; first class 1050
11-room houee; $575: 6-room fiat rm.... S25
fO-room house: Eddy; rent $75: only 9C0
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
ENAP; 11 rooms, furnished; clears $25 per mo.;
only $125. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market et
BUYERS of lodging-houses will find large list;
fine bargains in lodging-houses. Samples:
102 rooms; rent $64; price $1500.
12 rooms; rent $34; price jjoo.
We loan money to buyers at U4 per cent.
SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 317 Market St.. be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Phone Mint 191L
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. rocra 1: free list;
new bargains every day In rooming-houses;
over 100; all sizes and prices. Please call.
WILL pay cash for lodsi ngr-house of 25 to 40
rooms: must be chear>. P.cx 9. Call office.
1500— LODGING-HOUSE. 14 rms., newly furn.
Inquire 1€3 New Montgomery, cor. H^srard.
FinPT-CLASS rooming house fnr sale, price
$S50; pays well. Address Box 323, Cal! office.
A BARGAIN — House. 27 rooms, and full; no
work: cheap ront. Inquire Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
COLUMEUS BUGGY CO.. clearance sale; low
wheel, rubber tire, road wagon, $S0; other
etyles at proportionately low prices; suitable
Xmas presents. Markt. nr. Sth.. opp. St. Nich.
SECOND-HAND top jump-seat rockaway, open
rubber-tire bug-gy and canopy-top surrey;
nearly new. O'BRIENS. 500 Golden Gate av.
ALL kinds of wagons, buecies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping: wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
nesp. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia,
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM. world-renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths: unites the separated;
mining a specialty: cirs. Sun., Wed., Kri. ev's:
come and be convinced. Permanently located
613 Eddy st. bet Hyde and Larkin; no Elgn.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test business me-
<ilum and life reader; also medical clairvoy-
ant: treats all diseases at office or by letter;
sittings. $1. 1164 O'Farrell St.; take Ellis car.
"CONSULT Watson," 15S1 Market st, near
Twelfth; medium, clairvoyant, psychic and
palmist; EOc and $1.
MEDIUMS' Protective Assn.— Entertainment
and ¦ dance to-nicht 909 Market st. ; admis-
sion 10 cents.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; sealed let-
Utb read. 10c; buslners sittings. $L 148 Sixth.
MRS. MAXWELL, spiritual test meeting to-
night 8. 123S Howard; Saturday. 108 6th, r. 9.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
205 Larkin St., 10c; come, skeptics!
EARLE*S seance to-night; tests, messages and
question?. 305 Taylor Et. : 25c
MRS. DR. GILSON is located at C14 Jessie Et
near Seventh; sittings dally; circle to-night.
EDW. EARLE. slate writer, removed 300 Ellis.
cor. Taylor; Sunday night. Pythian Castle.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth st.. room 1.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings: convincing tests to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Bt.. corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for pamnh-
let with special terms.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card,
rfader. born with double veil — second sight-
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 60c'
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
REMOVED— The great inspirational card read-
er; price 25c and EOc; hours 10 a. m. till » p
m. MADAME VAN BERGEN. 228 Fulton st.
1TME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
. an teed; 25c up. 17 Third st. next Examiner.
MRS. E. SANDERS, 514 Taylor st. near Geary
—Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladles' circle Thurs.. 2 p.m.; Fri., 8; dr. 25c.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market opp.
Cth; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
REMOVED— The great Inspirational card read-
er; price 25c and We; hours 10 a. m. till 9 p.
m. MADAME VAN BERGEN. 228 Fulton su
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny et, rooms 8-10.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
dium; 25c up. S23 Mission st, nr. 4th; ring bell.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clalrvoyant.wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
Ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past,
present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth st, room 14.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. BCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44SH Jessie st
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
CARPET IIBATING AND CLEANIN0.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor worB
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works, 353-257 Tehama st: tel. South 40.
STANDARD, 31* Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair: carpets cleaned,
£ £c yd. ; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. ~H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor./
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate, ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS. Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless; eonsult'n free. Dr.Duncan,415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. S27 Market Bt.
DENTISTS.
AT~the*ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bids., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
T3 60 up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
I EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
! and fillings: extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20. years ex-
perl<"nce; no students; advice free; prices
I chearest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
I DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for '0 years; crowns and brldffe-
work: teeth without a plate; fillings, 50c:
crowns. $3 50; plates, full set, $5; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, H43 Market, nr. Eleventh
! —No charge for extracting when plates are
1 made: old plates made over like new; teeth
j from $S per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
i "MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors. 1019
i Market st. bet. Sixth and Seventh: consult
j m on crowns and brldgns: teeth .extracted
I positively and absolutely without pain.
j VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG.
1S41 Polk Bt. j ;
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. S4: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction.
EOc. New York Dentists. 969 MlsMnn. cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKEns AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut: evening class. IC19 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng. plnklnc 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
DEPILATORY.
O C. C— A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not Irritate,
bum nor poison the most delicate skin: agents
¦wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag'cy. 426 Ellis.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bids.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping: Robert F.
Gallasher. expert court reporter; teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course. $jQ; catalogue.
HEALD'S~BTS1NESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S F.— Bookkeeping. 6horthand. typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, and accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
learn In a limited time, take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL. room E3, Thurlow block, 126 Kearny Et
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st; day
and evening; Individual instruction, $$ per
month; life scholarship. $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue -free.
A thorough, experienced teacher of stenography
and typewriting wishes private pupils: testl-
monlals; satisfaction guaranteed. Box 249. Call.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping a
short time with expert Tarr, 220 Parrot bldg,
he would not; be wise.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two takintt full course this
year cot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mlnlnjr.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MUNSON. School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ins, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.: $j mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE responsible houeecleanlng company,
established 1S70; practical recommend; try
them. 102C Oak st., removed to 419 Devisa-
dero; tel. Fell 13C. F. HAMAD.
A— JAPANESE aid Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
4:i Post St.. near Powell: telephone Bush 13S.
JAPANESE Housecleaning Co.— Walters, cooks,
dlfhw'rs; est. 13S0. 413 Devisadero; tel. Page&47.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment ofhee;
best help. 526 O'Farrelj st; tel. Hyde 2VS1. •
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 61S8.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.: domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
n?!>e help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
{ Best help. 411^ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
i EMPLOYMENT WANTED — KEMALE. !
I A YOUNG lady wishes a position In a private
family for general housework. Please call or '
address 2103 Powell St.. city. j
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position to
cook for a family of adults; moderate wages.
Please call at 409 Minna St. \ «^
I TWO Scotch girls want situations; second work; i
experienced; highest references. Apply room
I 42. 1111 Sutter st.
1 — — — — — —^^_— ____^^_______
I GIRL wishes a situation doing housework and
j assist in cooking: wages $20. 2S2S Twenty- 1
fourth st.. near Bryant.
j GERMAN girl wants position for upstairs
! work or light general housework: call Tues-
j day or Wednesday. 271 Lexington ave., near
Twentieth.
i DRESSMAKER, good fitter and cutter, wishes
work; $1 50 a day; suits remodeled: quick
j worker. 4441 Twentieth st, near Eureka.
I STENOGRAPHER and typewriter with experl-
I ence desires a position; $20 a month; refer-
! ences. Box 10S, Call.
FIRST-CLASS meat and pastry cook would
like situation in city: flrst-class Eastern ref-
erence. MRS. R. MURRAY, 1006 Clay st.
j YOUNO girl would like to do upstairs work
j and waiting. Call 109 Collins st., off Geary.
I YOUNG woman wants work by the day. Ad-
dress box IS, 106 Eleventh 6t.
WOMAN wishes to work In restaurant. 403
Third «.
GIRL 14 years old would like position to mind
baby or assist. 1346 Minna et.
CAPABLE woman with child of 7 wishes a
situation : no objection to the country. Ad-
dresB MRS. ISAKSON. 3491 Eighteenth st
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to do general
housework; good cook; city or country. 10
j Stockton place, off Grant ave.
I MIDDLE-AGED German girl. Just out, for
plain housekeeping. ASMUSSEN, 718 Valen-
I cla st.
WELL-BRED German girl wants position as
nur6»glrl; German family preferred. 4 Wolfe
et.. near Army.
SITUATION as housekeeper by woman with a
girl 14; country preferred. Apply 1143 Mls-
Plon st. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25<? to $1 50 night. $1 50 to $S
week: .convenient and respectable; free 'bus
nnd baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st
EMPLO YMENT WANTED-— M ALE.
SOBER. Industrious middle-aged Scandinavian
wishes position as man about place and to do
chores, as gardener and carpenter; 8 years'
experience as porter and watchman; best of
referenct-s. Box 349. Call office. -
YOUNG man. temperate, reliable and educated
wants work at anything respectable; prefers
Inside work. Box 345. Call office.
ELDERLY man wants employment as watch-
man, janitor or porter; can drive horses;
handy with tools; willing to work; good ref-
erences; fair salary expected. Box 350, Call.
SITUATION wanted round a* place by active
and trustworthy elderly man to do chores and
make "himself generally useful; understands
care of horses; good milker and garden work-
references. Box 343, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man, practical engineer, de-
sires a situation; can run a traction engine.
Corner Fifth and Mission, corner grocery.
COACHMAN^ young man wishes position as
coachman? etc.; good horseman and driver-
best of' references; French descent; speaks
German. Box 340. Call office.
PHOTOGRAPHER,' young man. competent In
all branches, wants position at once; salary
reasonable; references. Call or address 1223
Mission 6t
! A YOUNG man (27) wants situation as garden!
er and man about place; handy with tools and
painting, or will accept anything; across bay
preferred. Box 355, .Call office." .
FOR bedmaker for hotel, rooming or lodging
house; long experience In city. Reply to box
I 107. Call office.
j EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
SOBER middle-aged man would like a position
as watchman; references, enquire 416 Sixth.
"WANTED— A position by a young man in a
butcher shop where he can learn to cut meat;
city or country. Box 348. Call of flee.
PLEASANT, gentlemanly young college man
would like position as private secretary or
companion. Box 335, Call office.
YOUNG man of 20, with 3 years' experience as
blacksmith's helper, wishes a like position,
with a chance to learn the trade; good refer-
ence. Box 25C. Call office.
LICENSED engineer (machinist), sober and re-
liable, thoroughly experienced with steam,
electric. Ice and refrigerating plants, wishes
situation; city or elsewhere. Box 325. CalL
M1LKKRS, separators and first-class cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California. 526 Mont-
gomery st.
BARTENDER, sober, reliable young man.
wlFhes permanent position. Address box 292,
Cal],
SITUATION wanted by a sober, reliable mid-
dle-aged man as watchman; good references.
Address P. MAY, 641 Commercial st.
YOUNG man desires position as bookkeeper or
office assistant: reference furnished. Box
242. Call of flee.
-HONEST young Japanese boy wishes position
as school boy or, housework. Address S. O..
M5 Dupont st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
A — 8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern lmprovem'ts: 1st floor. 417^ Third.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 rooms, yard and cel-
lar; rent $10: no children.
SUNNY flats. 3 and 4 rooms, bath. Howard
St.. between Twelfth and Thirteenth; key at
1C26 Howard st.
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st. oft Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant.
10-ROOM flat, furnished or unfurnished. 139
OFarrell st.
f 18— UPPER flat, 6 rooms and porcelain bath.
541 Castro st.. near Nineteenth."
$25 — SUNNY bay-window, newly renovated,
medern. 7 rooms, bath. 1 1708 Washington st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Fine furniture and paintings of 6-
room flat complete; one day only. 1425 Mis-
sion st , .
NEW and elegant' furniture of a new modern
flat of 8 rooms: no dealers. 334 Hayes st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak J4S 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
Fl'nXITl'HU WANTED.
$20,000 WORTH of furniture wanted imme-
dlately for cash. 1182 Mission st, near Eighth.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for eecond-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkin ; tel Polk 631.
furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 7S7 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.*. PHONE GRANT 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 first-class waitresses, city, *20; restaurant
waitress, $6; lunch waitress, $4 50, no Sunday
work; 3 lunch waitresses. 50c; 4 waitresses,
country, $20; 4 chambermaids to wait, city
and country, $20; woman cook, restaurant,
$30 and found, and many others.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Second girl, do mending, $20; seamstress and
nurse, grown child. $15 and $18; nice place
for houseeirl, Oakland, $25; 6 very choice
places among 50 places for houseglrls. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WOMAN cook for twenty men. plain hotel,
mining town, $30 and found; fare paid; see
party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
GIRL 15 or over for light housework; no one
but a willing girl need apply; wages $8 to
$10. 264 San Carlos ave., bet. Mission and
Valencia. Nineteenth and Twentieth sts.
WANTED— Competent young woman for gen-
eral housework; 2 In family; goqd home;
wages $15. o?13 California st, near Twenty-
second ave.
GOOD finisher and button hole maker on cus-
tom coats; also apprentice girl; steady work;
good pay. S35 Market st., room 16.
WANTED— Lady on flne work; must be flrst-
class presser. Apply 1623 Mission st
YOUNG girl for housework; references; wages
$20. 720 Bay St.. near Hyde.
FINISHERS wanted on overshlrts. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 36H Fremont st.
FIRST-CLASS fitter, accustomed to ladles'
tailoring; state former experience and refer-
ences. Box 351. Call office
AN elderly woman for light housework; also to
assist with children. S415 Harrison st.
YOUNG girl for general housework; American
family; wages $20. Inquire after 9 a. m., 712
Cole St.. between W'aller and Frederick.
WANTED— Neat girl for general housework;
email family. Apply 2C34 Howard st
CUSTOM ehlrt finishers D. C.
HEGER. 1244 Market sfT
PLAIN' cook, middle-aged woman. In Sacra-
mento, f30 and board. Call between 10-12 a.
m.. 220 Market St.. care SMITH & GRAY.
AN educated girl for light second work and
waiting: good reader; sleep home; $12. 710
Leavenworth at. '
WANTED— Finishers on custom coats. Dono-
hoe building, room 78. * %
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring. 541 Market
street.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Call
at Chutea at\6 p. m.
APPRENTICE on custom pants; paid while
learning. 601 Kearny st, room 10.
WANTED — Competent girl for general house-
work in a family of 3; good wages. Apply
at 2817 Scott st., between Union and Green.
WANTED— A schoolgirl to assist In housework
and care of child from 3 to 8 p. m.' Apply
3796 Eighteenth St., corner Church.
A GOOD waitress wanted. 528 Fourth st.
WANTED— A good waitress at 106 Second st
EXPERIENCED bookfoldJrs and apprentices
wanted. Bookblndery, 536 Clay st.
WANTED— Girl for cooking and downstairs
work; wages $25. 1131 Laguna st, cor.. Eddy.
WANTED— A bright girl to work in laundry
office. Apply 127 Montgomery ave.,' after
8 a. m.
AN operator on pants. 36 Geary st. room S3.
WANTED— Finisher on coats. 135 Stockton st.
A NEAT German girl to assist with house-
work and children; sleep home; call after 10
o'clock. 338 Sixth st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with children.
Call 1303 Page st.. near Lyon. \
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 858 *How-
ard, bet. 4th and Sth, over handball court.
GIRLS for housework; good pay; waiters and
cooks. Pacific Employment Agency, 9 Geary.
BY a widower, middle-aged woman to do gen-
eral housework and l take care of children.
3320 Twenty-second st. : .. ¦ . - ¦ ¦ .
WANTED— Good pants finishers;, good pay;
steady work. 2229H Mission st. .
FINISHERS on custom coats wanted ; steady
work; good wages. 304 Tehama st.
IRONERS ' wanted. Empire Laundry Co.. 755
Bryant st
WANTED— A girl for general housework. 344S
Twentieth st. corner Capp. T •
GIRL wanted for downstairs work and cook-
Ing. Call after 10 o'clock, 836 Union st.
PRESSER on flannel coats. 636 Clay st., room
6, upstairs. '
WHOLESALE house desires a wide awake
woman to travel; permanent positions. Bex
310. Call office. •
SEWING girls, attention!— Experienced opera-
; tors on dress and negligee shirts; steady
work; good pay. Lowenberg Co.. 27 Jessie st.
GIRL to assist In light housework and care for
baby; good home. 1632 McAllister st.
GOOD finisher on pants. 83 Third st, up-
stairs. • '
GIRL to assist In general housework: wages
$20. 1115 Pierce st.
YOUNG lady to learn to , be a medium and
travel with professional man. Box 332. Call.
WANTED— Women and girls to work oa fruit
1731 Folsom St., bet 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY ....Phone Main B84S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
;;••• WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Head dairy man....... $40 and found
4 Ingersoll drillers. 1 . $3 day
Florist gardener, ?35 and fd.; wagonmaker,
farm hands and ranch teamsters:. $26 and fd.
TIEMAKERS ......". FARE PAID
&0 tlemaksrs, 9c to 12c, tools furnished and
fare paid.: we ship to-day
,150 woodchoppers $1 to J3 cord
cnore boys. etc. MURRAY & READY. 634-
636 Clay st.
A-BAKER for an Institution, Catholic pre-
ferred; washers and starchers; 16 cooks. $30
J° 10O and found; also second cooks. $35 and
«0; bakers, also second and third hands:
butter man for delicatessen store; German
waiter. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
AT C. R. IIANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
V,V A NOTICE
All coal miners in this State or out of the
Mate who want to go to Gallup, New Mex-
ico, tx*st wages, free tare, can see superin-
tendent Thursday, November 22. in our office;
correspondence solicited. For particulars apply
C. R. HAXSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
•••; RAILROAD WORK
Teamsters, tunnelmen and stonemasons
5 ingersoll driilers"$3"a"uay!"se"e" boss here:
Z miners, asphalt mine, $2 a day; 6 orchard
hands. J20 and board
............ HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Hotel chef. $100; hotel man, tSO; second cook,
country restaurant. $40 and fare paid: second
cook, hotel. t«; 3 hotel waiters, city, »30;
colored waiter, country club, $35; 6 dlshwash-
fjs and kitchen hands. $20 and $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
AN errand boy for this office. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
A ~ W °OP carver. 3 carpenters. 6 cabinetmak-
ers. 6 bench hands, 1 shaper hand. 2 sash and
door men, 2 sticker hands. Mechanics' Res-
lstratlon Bureau, 410 Kearny, rm. 9; non-
unlon mechanics register; new Jobs; no fees.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free emp'.oy-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union No. 148 meets
TO-NIGHT at 115 Turk st. 9 o'clock sharp:
business of great Importance: all members
must be present without fall. By order of
the executive board. I. LESS. Sec.
WANTED— At We, three or four high-grade,
reliable solicitors; men of good address; men
who can get subscriptions for The Saturday
Evening Post (Philadelphia); salary guaran-
teed to the right men. 59 Columbian build-
Ing. San Francisco. .
TAILORS— Good general tailor wanted for
Kern, Cal. Apply to STEIN. SIMON & CO..
corner Second and Market sts.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Call
at Chutes at 6 p. m.
WANTED— 2 boys for Jewelry trade. 17 Lick
. place. Lick House; R. BUGANN O FF.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter st.
LUNCH waiter and elderly man for kitchen
work. 17 Washington st.
Al PRESSERS on cloaks at M. SIMINOFFS,
1223 Market st.
WANTED— A boy! 11 O'Farrell; JOE RO-
SENBERG. ¦^
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers for the country. J.
BAUMGARTEN & CO.. 7 Montgomery st
UPHOLSTERERS and lounge makers. MICH-
AEL BOEPPLE. foreman KloDstock Bros.,
2257 Folsom St.
BOY wanted. Elect. Sup. Co.. 60 First st.
BOY wanted In butcher shop. Corner Geary
and Laguna sts.
DISHWASHER wanted at the Magnolia Cafe, 4
and 6 East «t.
WANTED— A man for general housework. 1443
-Harrison st.
COATMAKERS for the country: fare paid. Call
at REESE BROS., 22 Sutter st.
ARCHITECTURAL student— Opportunity In
architect's office for bright young man. Ad-
dress box 1C6. Call office.
"WANTED— Strong boy .between 16 and 13 years
of age to learn cooper trade. Call In the
morning at J. KUCICH'S cooperage, corner
Francisco and DuDont sts.
EXTRA waiter for bakery and coffee-house.
612 Kearny st.
BARTENDER wanted; $15 per week; refer-
ences. 698 Fourth st.
BUTCHER wanted. 326 Devisadero st, near
Oak.
BOOTBLACK wanted; young man. 1405 Folk
street.
GOOD dishwasher wanted; call early. liSl Va-
lencia st.
SHOEMAKER on repairs: steady work; come
prepared to work. 562 Mission st.
"WANTED— A flrst-class waiter at 29 Stockton
street.
WANTED— Walter that can do short-order
work. Apply 1005 Valencia st
BOY to run errands and make himself gener-
ally useful. F. MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento.
WANTED— A piano player. Call at once Gaiety
Saloon, 422 Dupont st.
A GOOD waiter: call early; $7 per week. 1507
Market at.
WANTED— Mission boy to drive wagon at meat
market Seventeenth and Dolores sts.
FOR sale — A good paying country barber shop
and baths, suitable for married man. Ad-
dress box 356, Call office.
BARBERS— 3-chalr shop for sale cheap. 14
Turk st.
WANTED— A No. 1 traveling salesman for
woolens and tailor trimmings: references.
Address L. SANGER, 616 Third ave., Seattle.
Wash.
flCO WILL buy a fine 2-chair barber shop; flne
trade; must sell. 394 Sixth st.
BOY 16 to '18 years, good education. In archi-
tect's office. Address box 334. Call.
YOUNG man, 17 to 19, to work and learn the
saloon business. SE. cor. Clay and Davis sts.
YOUNG man to drive meat wagon: with some
• experience. 2299 Market St., cor Noe.
WANTED— A good, steady barber at 405 Third
street.
WANTED— Flrst-class ladles' tailor; steady
work; high wages; also flrst-class coatmaker.
Address P. GLIXMAN, Vallejo.
JEWELERS. 328 Bush st. third floor, room 4.
WANTED— Boy *6r young man. 3066 Twenty-
fifth St., near Harrison.
COATMAKER or pantsmaker can have seat-
room by himself. 104 Kearny, tailor shop.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 25c
to 50c. 662 Mission St., bet 1st and 2d sts.
$100— PARTNER wanted In small restaurant:
clears $S0 month; no experience necessary.
496 Fourth St.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slishtly damaged, half
price. E62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard St.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House, »13 Sacra-
mento st, near Montgomery; on* of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventilated rooms. -A. McCREERT, Prop.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Experienced electrical wireman.
must be steady and reliable man; wages $1
per day. Bafcersfleld Gas and Electric Light
Company, Bakersfleld. Cal. ¦
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., old. reliable
firm, 806 Market, rm. 40, Phelan bldg. ; pension
vouchers executed, 25c; advice free.
GENTLEMEN'S- suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hand*;
all carts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
. BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. recelv«Ki at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
, HEMORRHOIDS.
PILES— 300 cures business men In San Fran-
cisco: can bo seen: no operation: no pain; par-
ticulars 'sent Ad. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES, LIVB STOCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSKjB for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORSE clipping by experienced men; best work;
cheap prices. DALZIEL. 605 Golden Gate ave.
HORSE and wagon, together or separate; suit-
able for grocery. Address 156 Ninth st
FOR sale— Two young coons. Apply 3062 Twen-
¦> ty-fourth st. . - .
INVALID CHAIRS AMD TRICYCLES.
EOLD and rented: manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL-
BUSINESS OFFICE of Tb« San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
ur.tll li o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until >:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. xn.*
€39 McAllister street: open until 9:10 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open until >:S0 p. m.
IWl Mission street; open until 10 p. m. #
1561 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until I ;. m.
IPS Eleventh street; open until I p. m.
1C3« Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Tw»nty-eecond and Ken-
tiicfcy streets; open until > p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6. R. A. M.. ft
will meet THIS EVEN-^/V,
ING. Nov. M. at 7:30 o'clock. Stated 3fe JT
meeting. By order of the H. P. /^r A
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. SO. F. and ¦
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES-^«V
i'AYi EVENING. at 7:80 o'clock. jTJjf
Master Masona cordially invited. By'V>
order of W. M. EDWIN L. MEYER. 6ec
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. ¦""
M.— Fellowcraft degree THIS <TUES- iV
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. • lC3f
A. ft HUBBARD, Secretary. /^r>
MAG NOLIA Loflre No. 29. I. O. O. «s-h^^.
F.. TUESDAY EVENING. No-tvZsfcfe
vember 20. r^cplves ofScial visit •^p^D^S?
from Grand Master W. W. Wat- '«"*
con and Initiates a candidate.
J. T. JONES. N. O.
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary. .
OFFICERS and Members of Draymen
and Teamsters' Union will meet at /SSsCJk
lodgrroorr. TUESDAY. Novrmber 20. L3C&3
v at 1 o'clock, to attrnd the funeral of w^jFs/
late brother member. HENRY Vfiy
J. LAMMERS.
R. DUTTON. President
ffM. DOOLY. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydrau-
lic process from F. D. Soward et aL, In the
Undine and May Day placer mines, consoli-
dated, near Gold Lake. 8ierra County, to |e-
posit tailings In a worked-out pit; from Mrs.
Annie E. Jones, In the Nugget placer mine,
rear Johnsvllle, Plcmas County, to deposit
tal lings In Hopkins Creek; from C. D. Haz-
sanJ. In the Plumas Imperial Mine No. 2,
rear Quincy. Plumas County, to deposit tail-
ings in Slate Creek; from David Corbett In
the GoloVn Gate Mine, near GlbsonVllle. Sier-
ra County, to deposit tailings In Wisconsin
ravine, and from Charles Schneider, in the
American Mine, near Spanish Ranch. Plumas
County, to deposit tailings In a ravine, gl\-es
notice that a meeting will be held at room
.*:< Flood building. San Francisco, Cal., on
IV^mbfr 3. 1900. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Paauha-i
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at
the efflce of the company. No. S27 Market sf...
San Francisco. Cal.. on SATURDAY, the 1st
<Say of December. 1S00. at the hour of 11 -
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve ;or the ensulnp
year end the transaction of such other busi-
ness t* may ecme before the meeting. Tranb-
fer bocks will close on TUESDAY, November <
20. 1900. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. PHELPON. Fecretary.
AGENTS WAMED.
TWO or 3 rood ad. solicitors; male or femaJe;
holiday edition; food com. Apply HOOVER
Hall. Tenth and Market rm. 1: 4-6 p. m,
LADY agents; big commission; easy seller.
» to 12. 2*05 Sutter 6t.
EECURE agency Xmas novelty; sample "Oc
Fast Import Agents' Supply Co.. 1125 Market.
ASPHALTl'M ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal- 11KK Mission: tel. Folsom 1S07.
ASTRO LOGV.
r*R. C. TOUSET TAYLOR. SclenUfle Astrolo-
f»r-Frw- copy "The N>w Moon." 7C5 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. ?r Market St.. Cth floor, room €27
— Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
oolleotlons: all c»e»s; fair fees; no advance
chanres; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1337.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
r.o fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law, S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
I. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market sts. : phone Red (£62.
A Ii VICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. Davidson. 927 Market Et. opp. Mason.
L E. CLARK. Emma Spreckelg bldg.. 917 Mar-
ket st. : consultation free ; no fees in advance.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IS pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DATH CARINETS.
ROBINSON. Niagara, Perfection and others. W.
S. BROWN CO.. agency. «26 Ellis St.. S. F.
UICVCLliS— For Sale or Kxchnnffe.
COASTER brakes: $T W, put ca. ALLEN. SOI
Larkin et.
OOARUI.VG FUH CHILDHCV.
PRIVATE family would like to board iTchilil
t't Jones it.
REFINED lady would take a child to board;
• good home. 370 Fell st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$500— LADY partner wanted with beet refer-
ences, in a large paying business; established
for many years. Particulars call R. G.
WILKIE. 26^ Kearny st.
A-J150; SHOEMAKER repairing shop on Third
St., doing from tZi to JjO work every week- a
rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny.
A — OLD established ' fancy grocery, wine and
liquor store: established for years and known
as a first-class paying business; half Interest
for eale; price J3S00; retiring partner leaving
lor north. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26^
Kearny st
A— $3500; WINE and liquor saloon doing a
eplendid business; established t years;
choicest location on Market st; rent $100;
long lease. Call R. G. WILKE, 2$\i Kearny.
A— J300; OYSTER and chop house, opposite R.R.
depot, acrobs the bay; dally receipts $30; rent
«5. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26Vj Kearny.
a-tSOO; CLEANING, dyeing works and reno-
vating of gents' clothing; established for many
years; a celar monthly profit of $2S0 guaran-
teed: knowledge of business not necessary; a
rare chance, but must be taken at once. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny st
A— VMO; SALOON on Market st; rent $75. ln-
cluding 11 furnished rooms; dally receipts
sbout $50; mercantile lunch; lease; flrst-class
paying proposition. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
26V4 Kearny et
A— $£000: HOTEL with C7 rooms, dining-room
and bar; rent $150; located 1 block from Call
building; established years; known as the
best-paying cecond-class hotel In this city;
Investigate and you will find a splendid busi-
ness. R. G. WILKE. 26ft Kearny st.
A— HOC; BUTCHER shop on Valencia st;
monthly receipts about $1200; selling 4 cat-
tle per week: low rent: owner engaged other-
wise; must sell at once. R. G. WILKE. S6H
Kearny st
A— $1200; BAKERY, corner. In Western Add.;
rstab. many years; 4 horses, wagon, etc.; bak-
ing 4 barrels per day; S living rooms, bath;
rent $S0; S years' lease; death of owner cause
of sale. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
RESTAURANT; adjoining a car house; fine
opening for a man and wife or Z ladles;money
maker; low rent; lease; good reasons for sell-
Ing; sacrifice; $200. BCHWEINHARD & CO..
t!7 Market st. bet Fifth and Sixth.
GROCERY and bar In good location; stock In
eight for full purchase price. W. L. HAK-
PER. 387 Parrott building.
QUARTZ Gulch, Blue Stone Mining District.
Alaska: fraction 400 feet, $2900; $260 down, bal-
ance payable 15th of July at Teller City;
etarted perfect; no humbug. Address box
ITS. Call office.
FULLY equipped city weekly; large circula-
tion and big advertising patronage; estab-
lished 18 years: cheap for cash. Address
box S44. Call office.
FOR sale or to rent — House of 8 rooms; large
yard and stable; near electric cars. Apply
corner Alabama and Montcalm sts.. city.
ETORE to rent In best block of Market st;
10x30. with upper floor and large basement;
bonus wanted. Box 10S3. Call office.
ESTABLISHED hotel and liquor store lor sale
in mining town; good paying place. Box
XX Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; good location:
small expenses: pays- good and good reasons
for selling. Call at C26 Green st
FOR sale— Cigar store and stationery, estab-
lished 2 years, at a bargain. 229 Montgomery
avenue.
TAILOR business, rood city trade and fix-
tures, at a bargain. Address box tS3. CalL
FOR sale— A SS-room lodging-house; prlc« rea-
ponable. 649 Howard at. near Second.
FOR tale— Small restaurant cheap. For par-
ticulars apply box S47. Call offloe.
WHAT Is effered a young maa with 11S0 ao4
services? Box C4. Call office. '
A 6ALOON for sal* In rood location. 25 Mon-
roroery. '
1100 BUTE restaurant If sold to-day; a snap,
SCHOTTLER & CO.. S Eddy «t.WAVE TURNS SHIP FROM
PATH OF DESTRUCTION
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at th«
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. .' .
Sun, Moon and Tide.
C. O. CALKINS.
Ll»nt»ni»nt Commander. TT. S. N.. -In charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
November 19, 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
t. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at i
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to tlm« of
day, the third time column the third tldo and
the last or right hand column gives the last
tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are tn addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when & minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given Is Subtracted from th«
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer*
ence is the mean of the lower low waters. ¦—
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20.
Sun rises 7..6:S5
Sun sets 4:66
Moon rises 5:13 a. m.
Cannibals Execute War Dance.
The cannibal crew of the Mascotte, at
Howard-street plrr No. 3, entertained a
number of friends of tne vessel's owners
yesterday. They executed a war dance
on the deck of the ship and the queer
contortions and yells furnished amuse
ment for- the large crowd that gathered.
The cannibals were, perhaps, as much en
tertained as any of. the spectators, as the
exhibition of American dress and new
faces was new to them and considerably
different from what they were accustomed
to In the islands.
Sailing of Mariposa Delayed.
Owing to the delay in arrival in New
York of the steamer bringing malls lor
dispatch by the steamship Mariposa tho
mails will not reach San Francisco until
Thursday. Therefore the- sailing of the
Mariposa. has been postponed, i from
Wednesday, the 21st inst, at 9 p. m., to
Thursday, November 22, at 4:30 n. m.
Smuggled Goods on the Logan.
One hundred and forty-nine packages of
smuggled goods were seized on the trans
port Logan yesterday. The contents of
the packages were silks, embroideries,
furs, porcelain ware and cigars.
Water Front Notes.
Richard Raphael, a watchman on the
steamship China, fell from a gangway last
night and fractured his left leg in three
places. He was treated at the Harbor
Hospital. i ...
The schooner Pearl has arrived from
Kodlak, after a passage of sixteen days
bringing a cargo. of furs. The captain re
ports that he passed within one hundred
feet of the Noonday rock. He says the
buoy anchored near this obstruction i3
out of order and that the bell does not
ring. - ¦
The bark Edward May and the barken
tine Irmgard arrivedyesterday from Hon
olulu, the former making the trip in
eighteen days and the 'latter in sixteen
days: ¦ ; • »—-• -
The steam whaler Thrasher arrived yes
terday from Dutch Harbor after an un
usually long passage of thirty-one and a
half days. She brought many passengers,
most 6t whom were~without money.' Much
treasure came for the Pacific Steam
Whaling Company.* The whaler brought
no recent news.
The transport Warren has arrived* at
Nagasaki; After- coaling the vessel will
proceed to TaRu, where she will take
aboard a regiment fhat has been ordered
to Manila.* After the trip to Manila tho
Warren will come home, arriving her*
about the middle of January. The Aztec
will have a new-electric light plant- put
aboard her.. .
The ferryboat San Pablo, which waB laid
up last week, resumed the run between
this city and Point Richmond* yesterday.*
CAPTAIN" BURCH of the British
ship Cawdor, which arrived late
Sunday night from Newcastle, N.
S. W.; tells of a narrow escape
his vessel had from colliding near
the Australian coast with the schooner
Golden Shore. A hurricane was raging
when the ships nearly came together and
a big wave wnich came along at the op
portune moment averted a disaster. The
Golden Shore I* owned in San Francisco
and was lumber laden.
The Cawdor was in ballast and a gale
arose. In a few hours its fury became
terrible. Captain Burch soon realized the
folly of sailing in such a sea and every
yard of canvas was stripped from the
masts. There was nothing to do but
drift, and'this the ship did for some time.
Soon the bare masts of the schooner Gol
den Shore hove in sight, she also drifting
rapidly in the storm. < ¦
As the phips neared one another their
positions became perilous. The terrified
crews were unable to control them and
looked for nothing- but the sinking of one
or both of tho vessels. The Cawdor bore
straight down toward the big schooner
with a force that meant destruction.
But a fow seconds more and the vessels
would have crashed together had not
something that filled ' the sailors with
wonder occurred. A great wave, as If
conscience stricken) iose between the
craft and turned the nose of the CawCor
Just enough to prevent the crash that
seemed unavoidable. She just missed the
Golden Shore. So close were the vessels
as the ship flew broadside by the schooner
that one could have jumped from the
Cawdor to the Golden Shore, Captain
Burch says.
When the. vessels slipped by one another
a cheer -went up from a hundred voices.
The Golden Shore drifted on, but in the
distance it was- seen that she had turnea
completely around. She is bound for
Puget Sound ar>d is expected to arrive
there shortly, after which she will come
to this port. It is not known to what ex
tent she suffered In the storm. The Caw
dor was uninjured.
BIO PRICE FOB LIGHTSHIPS.
Be Made.
Survey of the Steamship Olga Will
Much difficulty has been experienced in
obtaining a substitute for the lightship
which has been taken from outside
the Heads and is now under repair.
Since the Ol&a went on the beach
near the Cliff House the lightship's
absence has been the subject of
much discussion In marine circles and
every effort has been- made to fit up an
other vessel to take its place. The own
ers of several schooners were consulted,
but their terms proved to be very unsatis
factory. The prices asked ranged from
$60 to $100 a day and the limited appropria
tion made for coast lightships would not
stand such a pressure.
To-day a survey of the ship Olga will
be made with a view of ascertaining tho
amount of damage done to her when she
grounded. Since the accident she has
been discharging cargo at the sugar re
finery and the pumps nave been kept con
stantly at work. There is no perceptible
damage to the machinery and all of the
sugar taken out thus far has been In fair
condition.
The French bark BourbaW, which wan
grounded near the Heads some time ago-,
is still in the drydock at the Union Iron
Works. It will require five new plates to
repair the damage she sustained and tho
work will cost her. owners $5000. Pilot
Reed, who had charge of the vessel when
she went ashore and who was suspended,
has been reinstated. The cause of tho
accident is ' attributed to a faulty com
pass. i
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest .to Mariners and
The Alclnous loads wheat for Europe, 42s 6d,
the Ardencraig, wheat at Portland for Europe,
39s 6d: the General . Melllnet, -wheat at.Voit
land for Europe, 43s 3d; the Marion Llghtbody,
wheat at Portland for Europe, 37a 9d; tho So
koto, wheat, at this.' port for riurope, 41s 3d:
all of above, chartered prior to arrival; the
Amy Turner, merchandise ror Honolulu: the
Alpha, salmon at Vancouver for Japan; the
Agate, coal at Tacoma for Elelle, Kaual.
Departure of the Panama Steamer.
The steamer Newport, sailed yesterday for
New York via Panama with a general cargo
valued at. $119,641, manifested as follows: ¦ For
Central America. $43,274; for Mexico, $19,409;
for Panama. $5676; for Ecuador, $1050; tor New
York, $50,232; total value, $119,641. j The follow
ing were the principal shipments:
For Central America— 3 cs arms and am
munition, 2 cs-actd, 100 cs 130 gals beer. 420
lbs bread, 275 bbls cement, 11 cs. canned goods,
24.784 lbs corn, 110 cs 3 drum? coal oil, 11 tons
coal, 10 cs candles, 4 colls cordage, 38 cs dry
goods, 7 c» furniture, 99 bxs ¦ fruit, 2161 bbls
flour, 831 pkES groceries and provisions^. 63 cs
hardware, 40 bars 67 bdls Iron, 30.612 feet lum
ber, 5 rolls leather. 2972 lbs 6 cs lard. 29 kegs'
white lead, ¦ 10 pkgs machinery, 9 kegs nails.
So cs 3 drums oil, 531 crs potatoes, 21 crs onlcus,
15 cs paint, 13 pkgs paste, 58 c« paper, 40 bdlb
pipe, 11,575 lbs rosin, 5 cs stationery, 660 lbs
soda, 25 tons salt, 9 bdls spice, 60.475 lbs tal
low. 7 cs tar. 9 cs- turpentine. 58 cs: 3 bbls
whisky,' 3M7 gals 127 cs wine, 495 reels wire.
.For Mexico — 33 cs arms and ammunition.': lit
bales, bags, -10 bbls brandy,- 225 pals bottled
KOBE— Arrived Nov 16— Stmr Oopack, from
from Seattle, for Manila. '
DELAOOA BAY— Arrived Oct 12— Br bark
Highlands, from Port Blakeley.
WATERFORD — Arrived : Nov 15— Br ship
Marechal Suchet. hence June 30.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Nov 17— Ship I F
Chaoman, - f rom Honolulu.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed out
Nov IS— Stmr - Sonoma, from Philadelphia, for
San Francisco.
EASTERN - PORT9.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Nov 19— Brig Gene
va, for San Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov 19— Stmr
Alc&traz," from ~-. — .¦
SAN PEDRO- Arrived Nov 19 — Schr Wawo
na, from Port Blakeley; «chr Comet, from Ta-
Arrlved Nov 13— Schr Laura Madsen. from
Grays Harbor.
ASTORIA— Sailed Nov 19— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Nov 18— Ship Luclle. for
San Francisco. Nov 19— Stmr Ellhu Thomson,
for Honolulu. "
Arrived Nov 19— Stmr Farallon. from Dyea.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 19— Stmr Samoa,
hence Nov 18. ' '¦ , •
Sailed Nov 19— Stmrs South Coast. Lakme and
Eureka, for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed out Nov 18— Br ship
Carned Llewellyn, for Queenstown.
SOUTH BENI>— Arrived Nov IS— Stmr Rival,
hence Nov 15.
UMPQU A— Arrived .Nov 15— Schr Sadie, from
San Pedro.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 19, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind west, velocity 12 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 19— Stmr Robert Dol
lar, from Seattle, for San Francisco. Steam
pipe broke and vessel leaking.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Per whaling stmr Thrasher — 50 miles north
of Unimak Pass, Nor. stmr Kvaren.
Per Br ship Pericles— Nov 3. at 38 50 N, Ion
130 28 W. "Br ship County of Edinburgh, from
Astoria, for Queenstown.
SPOKE-N
Per Br ship Cawdor— Signaled a full-ragged
ship, black topsldes and painted ports. Jib
boom and bowsprit, 19 days from her last port
and bound to Falmouth on Nov 7, lat 14 69 N,
Ion 127 80 W. Hauled down his signals before
they were made out, as we had no telescope.
Nov 16 signaled Ger bark Q OR 8. lat 35 23
N, Ion M4 60 XV, bound south. % .-.
Per whaling ¦ stmr Thrasher— The- trip con
sumed 81% days owing to heavy SE'and SW
gales, which lasted for eight days. Also had
a bad spell of weather lasting several days In
the Pacific, lat 40 N. -
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson, .
Btmr Signal. Bendegard, Crescent City.
Btmr National City. Dettmers. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hlnkle. Amesport.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, .
Schr WF tfewett. Johnson, Columbia River.
Schr Robert R Hind, Helllnirsen. Port Lud
low.
Schr Mary E Russ, Westport.
MEMORANDUM.
SAILED.
Monday. November 19.
Stmr Newport, Saunders. Panama.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Jahnsen, Ran Pedro.
Monday. November 19.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander. San Pedro; Ooodall,
Perkins A Co.
Stmr Newport. Saunders, Panama, etc; P M
S 8 Co.
Br «tmr Bristol. Mclntyre, Chemalnus; R
Dunsrauir Sons Co.
Schr Anna. Huhs. Unga and codflshtn*;
Alaska Codfish Co.
Schr Mary Sachs, L4ndbrld»e, Gallapagos
Island: W Davis. /
CLEARED.
Bohr Santa Barbara, Jahnsen. 24 hours from
Eureka; bound south; put In to land passen
gers.
Schr S Danlelion. Hagerup, IS days from
Eluslavr River.
Schr Volunt»«r. Bressern, 8 days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Mary E Russ. Wlkender. 6 days from
Coos Bay.
Monday, November 19. j
Stmr Grace Dollar, Kosen, 90 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, R4 hours from Coos
Bay, via Port Orford 45 hours.
Stmr North Fork. McLellan, 23 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Navarro. Jensen, 11 hours from. Bowens
Landing.
Stmr Westport. Ericsson. 29 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Luella, Madsen. 46 hours from Sari
Pedro.
Stmr Valencia, Lane, 6 days 14 hours from
Hunters Bay, Alaska.
• Nor ftmr Tellus, Pedersen, 4 days from Oys
ter Harbor.
Whaling stmr Thrasher. Ellis, 21H days from
Cape Nome.
Ship America. Harding, IS days from Comox.
Bark Edward May, Hansen. IS days from
Honolulu.
Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt, 16 days from Hono
lulu.
Bktn Tarn o' Shanter. Wilson, 9H days from
Columbia River.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
For New York— 2700 cs salmon, 65 ct canned
fruit, 107,526 gals wine, 1235 gals brandy. 234
bbls asphaltum, 4 cs shells. 5 pkps preservaline,
14 bdls hose, 14,650 lbs lead dross.
For Panama — 3497 rbs beans, 3 bdls brooms.
209 cs canned goods, 106 cs candles. 7o0 bbls
flour, S pkgs groceries ' and provisions, 33 c«
hardware, S cs lamp goods, 25 crs onions, 1}
crs potatoes. 693 lbs sugar, SO cs salmon, 15
pkgs steel, 20 kegs horseshoes, 6 crs wagon
material. In transit— 102 cs silk, 6300 lbs rice;
value, 13110.
For Eemeraldas— 3f>0 bbls flour.
beer. 25 bbls . blue stone, 10 drums coal oil,
3 colls cordage, 26 cs dry goods, 401 empty kegs,
33 bxs fruit, 255 bbls flour. 390 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 44 cs household goods. 10 kegs
horseshoes, 98 bdls Iron, 60S0 feet lumber, 3 pkgs
machinery. 9 kegs nails, 37 crs onions, 1S1 era
potatoes, ISO flasks quicksilver, 223 railroad ties,
21,437 lbs soda, £64 bdls snooks, 6 cs stationery,
2 cs typewriters. S chests tea, 1C63 reels wire,
« cs whisky, 1040 gals wine. In transit— 4 cs
dry goods, 6 cs cheese, 28 cs wine; value, S1703.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
KOBE— Arrived Nov IS— Stmr Ooofcack, from
Seattle, for Manila.
Sailed Nov. 19— stmr Monmouthshire, from
Hongkong, for Portland, Or.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Lake
Ontario, from Montreal, for Liverpool.
HAMBURG— Sailed Nov 17— Stmr Patricia,
for New York.
COPENHAGEN — Arrived Nov 19 — Stmr
' Hecla. from New York, for Chrlstlansend.
SHOMENSKI— Passed Nov 19— Stmr Flint
shire, from San Francisco, via Kobe, for Port
i Arthur.
BREMEN— Sailed Nov IS— Etmr Weimar, for
New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Nov 15— Ger ship Otto
Glldemeister, for Oregon.
MAZATLAN-SallM Nov 14-Stmr San Juan,
for fc'an Franclsro.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Nov 16— Stmr Peru, for
Panama.
GUAYMAS— Sailed Nov 17— Stmr Curacao, for
Sa.n Francisco.
NOUMEA— Sailed Nov lS-Schr Muriel, for
Newcastle, NSW.
IK A HURRICANE OFF THE COAST OF AUSTRALIA THE BRITISH SHIP CAWDOR AND THE BIG AMERICAN
SCHOONER GOLDEN SHORE ARE ALMOST CRASHING TOGETHER, WHEN A PITYING WAVE TURNS THE
FARMER VESSEL ASIDE AND PREVENTS A CATASTROPHE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1900.
TO SAIL.
13
British Vessel Cawdor and the
Schooner Golden S^ore, Both
Bare-Masted, Almost Crash
Together in a Hurricane.
Steamer.
From.
Due
Mlneola Xanalmo Nov. 20
Iaqua San Diego Nov. 20
Doric [China and Japan Nov. S>
Czarina 'Seattle Nov. 20
Bureka IHumboldt Nov. 20
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay. Nov. 21
Columbia Portland Nov. 2t
Corona [Newport Nov. 21
Washtenaw ....|Tacoma Nov. 21
South Portland Seattle Nov. 22
Santa Rosa San Diego Nov. 22
Crescent City.. Crescent City Nov. 22
Point Arena.... Point Arena Nov. 22
Pomona Eureka Nov. 22
City of Puebla. Victoria Nov. 23
Newburg Grays Harbor Nov. 23
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Nov. 23
W. H. Kruger. [Grays Harbor Nov. 24
Willamette .... Seattle Nov. 24
Bonlta {Newport Nov. 25
Progreso Tacoma Nov. 23
Queen San Diego Nov. 25
G. W. Elder... Portland Nov. 25
Arcata Coos Bay Nov. 2*
Santa Barbara. Humboldt Nov. 2S
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Nov. 27
Steamer. I Destination. I Bails. I Pier.
China China & Japan Nov. 20, 1 pm PMSS
Bonita {Newport Nov. 20. 9 am Pier 11
Marlposa .. Australia Nov. 21, 9 am Pier 7
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor Nov. 21, 6 pm Pier 2
Queen San Diego Nov. 21, 9 am Pier 11
Arcata Coos Bay Nov. 21, 4 pm Pier 13
Umatllla ..Victoria Nov. 22. 11 am Pier 9
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 22, 9 am Pier 13
Albion Honolulu Nov. 22, 2 pm Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt Nov. 22, 9 am Pier 3
Czarina .... Seattle Nov. 22. 5 pm Pier 8
Corona .... Newport Nov. 23. 9 am Pier 11
1st* Hambs & way Nov. 23. — am Pier 7
Columbia .. Portland Nov. 24. 11 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Nov. 24. 2 pm Pier 2
Alliance ... Portrd & C.B.jNov. 24, 9 am Pier 20
Rival IWlllapa I Nov. 24. 3 pm Pier 2
Pomona ...Humboldt Nov. 24, 2 pm Pier 9
Santa Rosa San Diego Nov. 25, 9 am Pier 11
Newburg ..Grays Harbor Nov. 28, S pm Pl»r 3
City Puebla Victoria Nov. 27, 11 am Pier 9
O Time Time Time Time
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
»LW HW li TV, HW
» ... S:ll 2.8 9:S6 5.7 4:25 0.0 11:27 4.1
a... 3:4S 2.9 10:04 5.7 5:00-0.3
H W I W H W L, W
!2 ... 0:10 4.3 4:26 3.0 10:32 5.7 5:35—0:
3... 0:53 4.4 5:07 3.2 11:04 5.8 faal— 0 6
14... 1:3S 4.5 5:52 3.2 11:43 5.7 6:54l— Of
S ... 2:22! 4.6 «:42 3.2 12:23 5.5 1:26\-O.i
O Time Time Time Time
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
»LW HW li TV, HW
» ... S:ll 2.8 9:S6 5.7 4:25 0.0 11:27 4.1
a... 3:4S 2.9 10:04 5.7 5:00-0.3
H W I W H W L, W
!2 ... 0:10 4.3 4:26 3.0 10:32 5.7 5:35—0:
3... 0:53 4.4 5:07 3.2 11:04 5.8 faal— 0 6
14... 1:3S 4.5 5:52 3.2 11:43 5.7 6:54l— Of
S ... 2:22! 4.6 «:42 3.2 12:23 5.5 1:26\-O.i
Steamer. I Destination. I Bails. I Pier.
China China & Japan Nov. 20, 1 pm PMSS
Bonita {Newport Nov. 20. 9 am Pier 11
Marlposa .. Australia Nov. 21, 9 am Pier 7
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor Nov. 21, 6 pm Pier 2
Queen San Diego Nov. 21, 9 am Pier 11
Arcata Coos Bay Nov. 21, 4 pm Pier 13
Umatllla ..Victoria Nov. 22. 11 am Pier 9
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 22, 9 am Pier 13
Albion Honolulu Nov. 22, 2 pm Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt Nov. 22, 9 am Pier 3
Czarina .... Seattle Nov. 22. 5 pm Pier 8
Corona .... Newport Nov. 23. 9 am Pier 11
1st* Hambs & way Nov. 23. — am Pier 7
Columbia .. Portland Nov. 24. 11 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Nov. 24. 2 pm Pier 2
Alliance ... Portrd & C.B.jNov. 24, 9 am Pier 20
Rival IWlllapa I Nov. 24. 3 pm Pier 2
Pomona ...Humboldt Nov. 24, 2 pm Pier 9
Santa Rosa San Diego Nov. 25, 9 am Pier 11
Newburg ..Grays Harbor Nov. 28, S pm Pl»r 3
City Puebla Victoria Nov. 27, 11 am Pier 9
Steamer.
From.
Due
Mlneola Xanalmo Nov. 20
Iaqua San Diego Nov. 20
Doric [China and Japan Nov. S>
Czarina 'Seattle Nov. 20
Bureka IHumboldt Nov. 20
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay. Nov. 21
Columbia Portland Nov. 2t
Corona [Newport Nov. 21
Washtenaw ....|Tacoma Nov. 21
South Portland Seattle Nov. 22
Santa Rosa San Diego Nov. 22
Crescent City.. Crescent City Nov. 22
Point Arena.... Point Arena Nov. 22
Pomona Eureka Nov. 22
City of Puebla. Victoria Nov. 23
Newburg Grays Harbor Nov. 23
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Nov. 23
W. H. Kruger. [Grays Harbor Nov. 24
Willamette .... Seattle Nov. 24
Bonlta {Newport Nov. 25
Progreso Tacoma Nov. 23
Queen San Diego Nov. 25
G. W. Elder... Portland Nov. 25
Arcata Coos Bay Nov. 2*
Santa Barbara. Humboldt Nov. 2S
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Nov. 27
(pacific impa.1
Trains lt>M*« mul nr*> •«»•• •« nrrlv* Ml
MX1* I'll »N«'I%« «».
(Main Line, Fooc of Uarket Street.)
LItTI — FltOX KOTtMIIlt 7, 1900. — ARSIT1
•7i«Oa Benicto. SnUnn, Ehaira, V*c»»ilH
Romsey aud .S»cr*u>ento # 7»l5p
•7 1 WO a Shuta Expren— IMTia. Williams (for
liutlett 8prings). WUlowa. KeU
Bluff. Portiaud. T*!-"**
•J ::it» \ Martinez, ti»u i:»nu>n, V*llej». Napa,
CslUtoga and Santa Rou •8:Hr
•SiOftA Daits, Woodland. Knights Landioj,
M»rjs»i!le. OruiWe ; *7sl3p
•«•:••» Atlantic Ki press- Ojden and East *S:l3p
*•<••* Nllsa, livennora, Trscy, Lathrorj,
Stoektoa *7il3p
•»:»»» San Jose, liTermore. Mlucktmi,
Iooa. Hacraiiieuto. ri\c-r»IUe,
* MarjMill", Chico. Itod IHiilT »lil»P
•«:»»» Oakdale, Chinese. Nonora. Carters... *lsl.1p
•»:••. UaywartU. Nil** and Way .Stations. *l li 13*
•»:«u a IxM Angelea Express — .Martinez.
Tracy, LaUirup. .Stocitun. U"crtl
Fmuo >utl Lu Accaln *7>1.1p
*9iS<>» V»H,.J,,, Martiuec amt Way 3Utlon« *at45r
•IOi««* The OtctUikI Uiiited-Ogaeo, Ceo-
ver. Omaha. Chicafj ••:4*p
•lliUOt Kllra. BtocktOD. .Sacramento, Men- :; 1 :
doU. Frr«no. Llaufocd, VlaaXIa.
PerterTiUa Mil3p
*llr><A Lireiuioie. Sang^r. Ooahen June-
tion, Bakersneid, Los Angeles *-'Ti
1 1 1«0 p flacramanto Hli er Stcamsri t* :• • a
•SiOOr Hsywwda, Nilts ami Way btxUoot. *»i4.1r
•4:ft»r Martinet. Han i:»ino.i, Vallajo,
Nap*. C'all«t4>«*. *uuita Rosa 'wit 3»
•4i«*r Banlcla, W Later*. Hasramnnto.
Wooiliand. KuUlitu Imodlog.
M»r|»Tllle. Oroiilla Mo ; n,
•4iH«p Htywtrda. Nlle» aud HanJoie t"*'^*
*.t:OOt> N'lles. LlTermore aod Stockton * I 0:13a
;3:00f tlucset Limited. El Fuo, New
Orleacs and Kmt «l«sl3*
¦3tO#rThe <>.rl Limited — Tr*ef. Fteaao.
BiUanllslil, baugua fur tianta Bar-
bara, lx>8 AnKclra. *I»:I V»
•.1:0lr K«w Otlraof Eiprfw-tUken'lelJ.
HuiU IUrl.it*. I,usAui-le». Dcro-
Ihk. El Fuo. New Oileaus aud
Kaat '7.151*
•O:»Hr Ha» ward*. Nile* amt San Joa« *7i-ta*
I •»:«<! I- VhIIcJ.. '. *• !:-«»*
'IliMr Oriental Mall— Ogtleo. Cbeyenns.
Omaha. Chictgo *S:ISr
•fl:Onp Orleutal Mall— Ogden, Denter.
Oaa»h». Chlo*«o *«:13r
•7i*Or ()rr«ou and California Kiprcn.Mas-
lAiuetito. Mar>ailll*. l:-.l.llii»,
|-..rilu.,.l. r.i^t Hound «i..l Rail •»:I3»
•Si«Sp San Pablo, P»rt Cmta, Maitinei
»ml W*y Stations »H>43»
t»tQ.1p Vsll-Jo «I1^3\
COAST DlTISIOa (N'lrrniT (iaaxe).
(Foot or Market Street.*
¦¦•¦A* N-w«r*.Ont «r»!il-,Nao.lo«w. F.llon,
BunUler Cieek.aanta Crux aud Way
Htutloni ; •«i3l»p
tSilSr Newark. Ce»t9T7ilt». San Jni« New
AlniaiKcD, Felton. Koulder Creek,
fianta L'tu* »aiL. l'riucipal Way
8tatloua ST. f •»,.•»«,
•4il3p Newark. N»n Jo««. Loa Gatns •S>.1«t
at 1 :43p Hunters' Exounion, San Jots and
WayStUlQPS l"l90r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtssi* rimcisco— ri*t *r u,t<»\ su.«i <sii» d—
•7:15 9:00 11 00*. u. |1:C3 "2-Z2 11.S3
•«:B3. t5:G0 ?8:C3r.u.
rroaU»IU»P— Tut •CBri.4«.».— 11:00 9:00 10:00 ».».
t»:J3 '1.03 t2:03 «3:33 tl:33 ¦5:S3f.M.
CO4ST DIVISION (ItrottlWaag*).
I (Thin) und Towngomi SU.)
4«tlO* Oc«aii View. South «an Franoisen.. t a «3«p
•?<•»« Man Joie k.«I Way KUtl.mn (New
Aliuaileu We.liie.iiUj»iiiily) *liSOr
•tf itW* Hail .loie. Tres Pinna, Hat:U Cms,
Pacllic liniTe. I'asu Knbles. Haa
I.uta ()i>Ui>o. Hurf. Lompoa aud
Vrinclpal War st»ti.,im *4iIOp
•IOMOa 8aa J.«o and Way Stationa *«iX3»
•IIiSWa Man Jims mimI \V»y 3t»tlol.« *3i3Or
, t''>!3r.Sa:i AUteo, Kmlwoori, Menlo Park.
Pa!o Alto. .S»nt» Clara, flan Joie.
Trea linos. HunU Cruz, Salinas.
Monterey and Paelfle (iro»» flMiSAA
«3:X«r San Jo*«aud Way Statlnna *?:S»r
: ft:l»r S»n Joieamt Principal Way Station* "a: IV.
'. t3:«VrSan Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
WaySUUooi t»i«n»
: «3:SOp S«n Jose and Principal W»y Stttions '¦:33a
: •«tUMr8u Jose aud Way SUtlous !»»••*
« atll«45p San Jmb aud Way Stations **i3i>r
A for Morning. I* for Afternoon
•Daily. t .-*»n<1ay •xc*|>l:«4. I Hnnilaf only
f Mondsjs, Wedaeadajs, Fridays.
• Tawdays, Tbondajt. Bandajs.
• Saturday onlj;.
CALIF0RN14 NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAV COMPANY.
TXBURON FERRY- FOOT OF MARKET 8T.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAT8— 7:30. «:C0, U:00 a. m.; 13:35, 3:30,
1:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at U:»
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 14* »nd
11:30 p. ra.
i SUNDAYS— «:0O, t:2O. U:0O a- m.: 1:30. 1:30. i.»a.
6:10 p. m.
San Rafael to San FrancUco.
WEEK DATS— 8:10. T:30. 9:», 11:10 a. m.; 12:<S.
t:40. S:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trtps at 1:U
and S:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:10. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 1:40. t.Oi.
• :23 p. m.
Between Eax> Francisco and Schuetien Park.
¦arae schedule na above.
Leave T^In E3ect j Arrlv*
San Francisco, f Nov. 7. itOO. 1 Ban Francisco.-
Week J Sun- I J Pun- I vr**lt
Days. | days. [ Destination. | days. | Dayi.
7:S0am 8:00 am! Xovato. 19:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, (:0o pm 10:2? am
1:10 pm i:00 pm| Santa Roaa. 7:36 pm i:!2 pm
Fulton.
1:t3 am Windsor. 10:2S am
Healdsburf,
Lytton.
GeyservlllB.
1:10 pm 1:00 am Clovegdale. T:S pm »:O pta
T JO ami j Hopland j T
| 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pmf «:JJ pta
7:30 ami 10:M ara
I 8:00 am Guernrrille. 7:33 pm
1:30 pm| * :22 pa
7:30 am | 8:00 am] Sonoma I 9:15 ami 1:40 am
(and 1
1:10 pm| S:CO pm] Glen Ellen, f 8:06 pmf 1:23 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am| 110:40 a=s!10:25 am
1:10 pmf 1:00 pm| Sebaatopol. I 7:35 pmf (:23 pn»
RATLBOAD TRAVEL.
ROOMS WASTED. '
WANTED-By gentleman and wife, handsomely
furnished suite of rooms and bath, with or
without board; must be first-class location;
central; references. Address box 352. Call.
WANTED — Furnished housekeeping rooms
downtown. Address room 60, Russ House.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no ether;
send 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" in letter by return mall; at drug-
Klsts. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadel., Pa.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve, $1 per '¦¦
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itchlnr. external. internal or protruding
pile* without fail, no matter of how long
standing. 1CS Devisadero st.. near Sutter.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. B5S0.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
"SEUIXti MACHIKEI AXD SUPPLIES.
ALT., kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairtng lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, eoid, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates.- 145 6th; phone Mint 15.
ALL kinds boucht. sold and repairing guaran-
tt-d. Charles Plrmheck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
SLOT MACH1NKS. -
BOUGHT and sold; new and second-hand; large
display: very cheap. 1167 Market.bet. 7th & 8th.
STORAGE AXI) WAREHOUSES.
BEKINS Van and Storace Co., 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South .62.
PACIFIC storage and Furniture Moving Com-
rany. Ti5> Flllmore et. : phone Jackson 2S1.
TYPEWRITERS AMI SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAIN^~IN~ TYPEWRITERS— We
?eil beiter nmohir.es for less money than any
hcuso in the city: rentals. 13. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains ln typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
lift Montgomery St.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
dTvIDENE I N^ICE^DivldTnTrCoTTrrt^-enty^
five cents per share) of the Kllauea Sugar
Plantation Company, will be payable at the
effice of the company. 527 Market St.. on and
after Tuesday. November 20, 1900. Transfer
books closed Thursday. November 15, 1300. at
2 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 85 (25 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office
of the company. No. 327 Market St., on and
after Tuesday. November 20, 1800. Transfer
books will close on Wednesday, November 14,
1?00, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
SEALED proposals, endorsed "Proposals for
Residence." will be received at the Bureau
of Yards and Docks. Navy Department,
I ¦Washington, until 1 o'clock, December 26,
1900, and then and there publicly opened, for
constructing a frame residence for comniand-
p.nt, cook-bouFe and servants' quarter? at the
Naval Station. Tutuila, Famoan Islands. For
plans, specification!! and forms of proposals
address MORDECAI T. END1COTT. Chief Of
' Bureau. November 12. IPO.
MAB.RIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
George H. Harrington. 23. 410 Jackson street,
and Georgiana Connelly, 21. SOS Folsom street.
William D. Sullivan. 3C, 119 Chattanooga
street, and Katie F. Shay, Zi, 3133 Eighteenth.
Albert J. Sievers. 2S, 1&01 Stockton street, and
Marie H. Moller. 22. 90« Lombard street.
Julius P. Jaegellng, 26. S74 Post street, and
Pauline R. Schlitter, 23. 522 Montgomery ave.
Jceeph F. Killelea, 23. 47 Shotwell street, and
Minnie C. Barry. 21. 4315 Twentieth street. .
Miguel Antonio. 40. Oakland, and Flllclana
Bisciano, S3. Oakland.
Joseph Ulrich. 65. 1 Sophie terrace, and Mary
Echne!meier. 49, 4S2 Sanchez street.
Michael Loftus. 45. 515 Howard street, and
Jennie Hartigan, 44. S15 Howard street.
Daniel L. Borel, 26, 639 Pine street, and Jo-
sephte Bais^n. 22. 2439 Larkin street.
Will C. McCune. 27. San Mateo. and Minnie
Porklns. 25. San Mat'o.
Griften M. Cutting. 29. Santa Rosa, and
Juanlta V. Conley, 2*.<. Santa Rosa.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORNr
BROWN— In this city. November 1«. 1900. to
the wife of A. M. Brown, a daughter.
JOPT— In this city. November 19. 1900, to the
wlf* of Henry Jost. a son.
McCANN— In Berkeley. November 3. 1900, to
the wife of F. W. McCann. a daughter.
MARRIED.
DIOGS— WIRTH— In this city. November It.
ls*»>. ct the First Christian Church, by the
Rev. Frank S. Ford. Marshall M. Diggs and
Rcse Wirth. both cf Woodland. Cal.
O'BRIEN— WOLFF— In this city, November 15.
lfrfKi. by the Rev. Frank S. Ford. William
O'Brien and Marie Wolff, both of j?an Fran-
cisoo.
PEDERSEN— HENERSEN— In this city. No-
vember 17. 1900. by the Rev. O. Groensberg,
o\f Prdersen and Rachel Henersen.-
Alldach. L. H. McCoy, Alice
Anderson. Jessie Marruse. Marcus
Raker. Mary A. Mazzini. Louis C
Bradley. Michael J. Meagher. Ann'c
Breslan; Edward Morse. Charlea P.
fl>ando. Mrs*. Kliza J. Nagle. Margaret
Flynn. Patrick O'Brien. Elizabeth
Gardiner. Aurclia B. Perlich. Robert D.
Harrison. Florence N. Shannon. William
Henrich. Helene Stlmson. Jay D.
Hr-pp^-ilarper, Mrs. Stone. Elizabeth H.
J. D. Tyrrell. Katherine G.
Johnson. Emma Way. Mrs. Maria
Le Count. J'.«epn P. Wheeler. Isaac H.
Lammers. Henry J. Woodson, Annie
ALLbACH- In this city. November 19. 1900, L.
H. Alldach, beloved husband of Anna All-
dach. father of Hubert Alldach. cousin of F.
1). Alldach, and brother-in-law of P. Eck-
hoff, a native of Ihlienworth. Hanover, Ger-
many, aged 2S years 8 months and 29 days. A
member of Hannoveraner Vereln.
ICyNotice of funeral hereafter.
ANDERSON— In Oakland. November 19, 1900,
Jessie, wife of Christofer Anderson, and sis-
ter of William. John. C. R. and J. R. Sloon
; and Mrs. E. Handel, a native of Ontario.
• Canada, aced 42 year?.
BAKKR— In this city. November 13. 1S*00. Mary
A beloved wife of the late Henry T. Baker.
I and daughter of Mr?. Anna Sams of Medical
I Swings. Or., a native of Pennsylvania, aged
| 35 years. (Portland papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from Gray's un-
I dertaking parlors. 641 Sacramento street, lu-
| terment Masonic Cemetery.
i BRADLEY— In this city, November 18, 1900,
' Michael J., beloved son of Charles and Brld-
eet Bradley, brother of Mrs. E. F. Mattoon
and the late Thomas, Annie, Owen and
Charles Bradley, and uncle of Amelia and
I Charies Bradley, a native of San FrancUco,
I aced 37 years and 4 months. .
BRESLAN— In this city. November 13, 1900, at
his residence. IK Hawthorne street. Edward
Breslan. a native of County Donegal, Ire-
land.
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
DANDO— In this city. November 19, 1900. Mrs.
Kliza J. Dando, wife of R. B. Dando, and sla-
ter of Mrs. A. C. Kellogg, a native of Illi-
nois, aged 58 years 10 months and 29 days.
FLYNN— In this city. November 17. 1900. Pat-
rick Flynn. beloved husband of the late Cath-
erine Flynn, and father of James, Timothy
and Joseph Flynn, Mrs. E. Lundberg, Mrs.
J. J. Conlon and the late Mrs. B. West. B.
native of County SIIko, Ireland, aged 75 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
I (Tuesday), at » o'clock, from his late resi-
d»nce, 1S03 Hyde street, thence to St. Brlgld's
Church, where a solemn hlph mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mcncinK at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
i GARDINER— In this city, November 19, 1900,
Aurella B. Gardiner, a native of New York,
aged f>i years 6 months and 9 days.
HARRISON— Jn this city. November IS. 1900,
Florence NightiiiRale Harrison (formerly F.
N. Brown), belo\cl wife of A. O. Hart-ison,
and mother of Arthur and Maybelle Harrison
and W. D. Brown, a native of San Francisco,
aged SS years 4 months and 14 days. (Balti-
more. Md.. papers please copy.)
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at - 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HENRICH— In this city. November IS, 1900,
Helene, beloved wife of Peter Henrich, and
mother of Phillip Henrich and Mrs. F. Kai-
ner, a native of Germany, aged 00 years 1
month and 7 days.
ICTFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 160S Grove street, between Lyon street
and Central avenue. Cremation I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
HOPPE-HARPER— In this city, November 1?,
1900. MrB. J. D. Hoppe-Harper. beloved
mother of Edwin E. Hoppe, a native of .Vir-
ginia, aged 78 years and 3 months. ¦ . -
(EJTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
i&uccessor to Flannagan tt Gallagher; •
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mtr. - ¦
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL.MEK3.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South fcO.
nC.il ESTATE CITT FOH SALE. J
— J
FOR rn^l*— J houses and lot 2ExT5, en Stevenson
fct.. near the Postofnce; treat future. Apply
at T70 Ciemer.tina *t.; no amenta.
IF sou have property north of the Park and
you want to make a quick eale call on W. J.
GCNN. 120 California et.
HAVE you rroperty ln the Potrero or Excelsior
Hom*?tead Tract that you want to sell? Then
call on W. J. GUNX. £30 California st.
SrLENDID chance for Investment; fine corner
on Harrison and Lar.Rton Fts.;fine new S-story
buSdJnc with all modern Improvements; com-
rle»e ;n 2 weeks. For intormatlon apply to
owner on rremlyes. J. MCCARTHY.
MODERN houp»« built; lowest prices; plans and
eMirrmtff furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
WAVTED— To exchanre lmjirwed ranch and
city rrot>erty near the Sound. Wachlni'ton.
fnr Improved ranch ln California. / ddress
box JS\ Call.
NK'A' -rttage. C rms.. bath; lot 60x100: Mission;
rental terms*: and vacant lota. 413 Kearny st.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
rRUITVALE FCRXfeHED I1OCSES
COTTAGE of 6 rooms or part of same. Address
MMR. DATNET. Fremont ave., Frultvale.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMF.DA REAL ESTATE.
jr^ftO— SXAP; cottape of « room*, finished in ele-
eant rurly redwood: let 4*xl2Q; close to «ta-
tlon and r chotd ; house alnne cost S2S00 to
build. A. 1. BURN'S. 1S01 Park Ft.. Alameda.
|2tT0— HALF ra«h: fine new S-room house; all
mo<i<rn; fir^t-claLFs location; lot COxllS; palm
p.r.d fruit trees. J. H. YOL'NG, Owner; 1143
1'ark ft.
BERKELEnDVBRflSEMENTS
m:itiif.i.»:v real estate.
HYtt DfgW B-room cotta«^. all furnished; bay-
window; fine rr.ar.tel; ptre^t work aJl done; 1
tlock to train and electric cars; $750 ca*h.
b&lance MS per month; hout>e cheap at $2200;
¦ wn>r eciirk l^ast. W. C. MORAN.
CSC«— J100 CASH, balance fCO per month: S-
roctn house; hifh basement: 6-course brick
Toundatlon; cor. lot. 45x100; 3 blocks to cars;
will trade this for a ranch of equal value.
W. C. MORAN. Lcrin station. Berkeley.
OAKLAXD~ADYERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
• OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
KO CASH. $5 monthly; new bam and outhouse;
lot £S 13-10?x72 41-100x137:6; perfectly level:
sar.dy loam poll; view and climate the very ;
l^et; rear wid* boulevard and frontlnjt on a !
*ood county roarJ: n"ar two electric car linee.
ttor^g and new Town Hall; clc»e to a model
•chool: hb families located within 2 1 * years;
Alleadale Settlement; the workingman's prop-
erty, adjoining Er.st Oakland: see this bargain
et («f»; i>rii-e all tnld. $2fo: call or send for
circular. 4.".5 Seventh *t.. Broadway ctatlcn.
Oakland: HENRY Z. JON'ES. owner.
1250-0— COMFORTABLE HOME— $3509.
Nine-roome-i house with !sr»e lot. 69x127 feet:
c^r.tral'y located; handy to local ftatlon; choice
mMoet section: price reduced for a <julek
fftl*-: sunr.y. desirable place. GEO. W. AUS-
TIN & CO., lOv-S Brnadway, Oakland.
MODERN EAETLAKE COTTAGE.
*l<wn — Sunr.y 'home of 5 rooms, hall, bath, high
t-.s.Femer.t, bay-window, etc.; lot 30x110 feet;
¦wa'.ktr.f distance of local train; a big bargain.
GEO w. AUSTIN A CO.. 100J Broadway. Oak-
larc;.
r'iR'ti> :r. Oaklsnd— By order HIbernia Bank: ¦
2-^tory houe*. double pariora, dlnin«-room anl
kitchen; € good bedrooms; bathroom; closets;
j'Er.try: lavatories; corner; lot BOxlK; 1 blocit
from Telerraph-ave. electric line; only $3000;
e**y terms if desired; Just renovated and ln
lerfect condition.
HERON A HOLCOMB.
lfteo Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAXD HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. O«-t list from GEO. W. AUS-
TIV &¦ rv-> . inng Rrnnlirjr. Oakland. 1
i f
OAKLAXD FlUMTURB FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from IT. Schellhaas. the
furniture d^ei^r. Jlth and Franklin. Oakland.
BOO SIS FOR llOLSnKKKPI.XG.
AFH ave.. Tt. bet. Polk and I^arkin— I sunny
fumlshfd houseke«TiiiK twme.
FOUSOX. TfC^i— 5 rifatly farnlfhed connecting
rot)tn» for housek< i eping. with ftove; reas'able.
I.AHKIN. ltis. npar Washinjcton— 2 aunny un-
lurniFhed rooms, with tarpete.
MARKET, nr. Mason— Lante room and kit-
rhen, folding b*d, tas. S13. Call 342 Kearny st. |
OAK. 119— Large sunny room furnished for. ¦
hous^kef-pir.ir; large closet: enameled bed; $S. |
PERRY. 174-: larpe nicely furniEhed houw.-
k|« riDf.; h9t. cold water, bath; reasonable.
l'"LK. 162'" 1 — An unfurnished bay-window room;
also furrifhed room with use of kitchen.
EILVER. 165. near Fourth— 2 or 3 rooms fur-
nished for housekeeping! cheap.
STOCKTON. 79L cor. California— Two room*
complete for housekeeping.
VAN NESP. 4C2— Entire upper floor, 2 room* and
bath. el<-santly furnished; pa* range; sunny.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and eubscriptlons i
rw*tv«j at fall braw-h office, IIOO Flllmore st.
A BBAXCH office for Call advertisements and
has been established at low;
Vt!cn<~ia tt,
ttOOUS TO LET — Fum. and L'nfarn.
A—SRCXSWXCX Housp. US Sixth— Rooms 25c
to Jl prr night; $1 Zi to $:. i->r week, and light
houw.-ker-piTig; open all night.
BURNETT.. !42S Market (old No. 1S64»— Fur-
nlyli^d rm5.. suites, fingle; also unfurnished.
BC6B. E9 <The Elk)— Chanpml hands; newly i
rr-novat^d. r.lo»>i> lurn. sunny rms., Ji jo to J7 j
we^k; 25c to $1 59 night. MRS. P. RANFT. |
CLAY, 1026—3 larce unfurnished rooms Jn j
pood order, for housekeeping. IS.
I'OLSOM. 965, cor. €th (The Oliver)— Xew fur- I
r.lshed sunny rnis., single, suites; reasonable.
FOLSOM. 1136—4 larre sunny room*. wi:h bath.
GEART. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished \
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. f!3«»— Large sunny furnished cr partly
furnished room.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh j
end Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles* parlor; reading-room; elevator.
LARKIN. $04— Sunny front room neatly fur-
rlehed; 1 or 8 persons; JS; also single room,
HW |
I>AS PALMAS. 1820 Market «t.— fiult* of 2 or S
rms.; private: bath; tin, rms; board .optional.
MAPLE court. 28, . off- Fourteenth— 5 sunny
rooms; hot and cold water; rent $11..
McCLELLAND. 200 Turk St.— Charmed hands;
newly renovated; all rooms facing either
Tark or Joneg st.; rent reasonable.
MINNA. 638 — 3 newly furnished rooms, 1 large
bay-window; man and wife; 2 others; reas'ab. j
MINNA. 6fi7. corner Eighth— New furnished |
bay-window room. $1 p»r week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. J2 a week up; 35c a day up. |
O'FMIRETL 23— Punny furnished rooms and!
office*; elevator; electric lights ; day, wk.. mo.
POFT C3J— To rent, small furnished front room;
neither *Irink nor Fmcke Jn the nous*: Prot-
*rtam Christian preferred: SS per month.
P.OVAL House. 126 Ellis st.— Incandescent light;
reading-room. »-mok Ing -room and ladles* par-
lor; rooms, per nitht. 25c to fl M; week. $2 to
?i; month. $8 to 130: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
r.OSEDALB House. 318 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms.
right 25c to fl. wttk $1 25 to $4; open night.
FUERMAN Apartment House, 2$ Eighth St..
noar Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
BIXTH. 126-Furnished room, suitable for gen-
tleman.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Fill more By
A'DRANCH effic* for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has U<n established at 10&fi
Va!<*nr!» nt.
IIOOMS AND BOARD.
tKLECT family hotel; new Interior L three spe-
cial dinners weekly; rates to establisn. SOT
California st.
FINE sunny rooms with hoard: use parlor,
p)«no. phone. KM Van Ne*» ave.
BOARD and roomt at 415 First it., near Har-
riion.
f i*r»t»ifoDon's Dispensary,
mti C^fiu ln I 7 * 5 "* Ior tflf treatment ol Private
M iX jyT Wmnws, Lost Manhood. Debility or
B3£-*V$3afl dweas«i p earlnarou bodyaacS minaand
•^flHK&gg Skin DlK»aaes. lhe doctorcureswhen
0111 '"'* 11 - Try him. Charge* iow
INaffSMKTal fnr»«tii»r»ntf»Hi. Callorwrtt*
Dr. J. *'. tilUUO.N. Box l»57.Saa i'ri2d«m
Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices. «2l Market St.. Sausalito Ferry.
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DAYS.. -.9:15 a. m.: 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8:00, 10:00, 11:30 and 1:15 £ m.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W»*t
Springs and Whit* Suiphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurta; at Lyttcn for Lytton Springs: at
Oey»ervlUe for Skagga Springs; at ClOT«rdal«
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duneaa
Eprings, Highland Springs. Kelseyrtlle, Carls,
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Eprings; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell I.akr witter
Eprings. Upper Lake. Pomo. Pottar Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's. Bucknell's,
fianhediin Heights, Hullvtlle. Orr's Hot Springs,
ller-Joclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport. UsaJ,
Wlllets. LaytonTlIe. Cummtngs. Bell'a Springs.
.Harris. Olsens, Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
4uced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to an points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket of flea. «50 Market St.. Chronlelo bull*
Ins. K. X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Paaa. Art.
Gen. Manager. . - s
NORTH PACIFKTcOAST RAILROAl
Via Sausalito F«rry.
Commences September 30. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCI3CO TO MILL, vitj.gr
AND SAN RAFAEL.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Baa
i^% T iW^ p 10^- #n:M *• "¦• KJX
Trains marked (•) run to San Qu-ntln.
TROM 8AN RAFAEL to SAN FRANCISCO.
•WTCEK DAYS— «:25. •«:*>. 7:45. 9:30 a. nu.
•ll-.W. 1:45. '3:30. 4:30. 5:J0 p. m/ •«•••=«-
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Watiaesdaji
and Saturdays at 1:45 and 10:30 pi m.
SUNDAYS— «:». »3:C0. "H^OO, • m H:U a. m^
•1:40. »t:iS. 4:48. *S:SO p. m-
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentla.
TROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 8:45. 7:55. »:3d a. nv.
13:85, 1:10. 1)30, 4:54, S;20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on* Mondays. Wednesdays
aad Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 d. m.
SUNDAYS~S:05. 10:05 a. s>.. 12:05. 1:13. J:M.
1:00. «:45 p. m. . .
THROUGH TRAINS. >*«i
8:55 a. m, week days— Cazadero and way tt*.
tlons.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomale* and way «t*»
tions.
8:00 a. n. Sundays— Tor tales aad way «t*.
ttooa. ' ¦.
Santa Fe
Trains— Da »y
Leave Markit-street Ferry Depot.
Lve. San Francisco. 9:00 a m|4:10 p m| S:0O p m
Arr. Stockton 12:30 p m V.U p m 11:05 p m
- Merced 2:42 P m 1:1§ a a
*? Fresno 4:20 pm 3:0o a m
•• Vlsalta «^» p m 4:W a o»
" Tulara ...: * : H p m ? :^?™
•» Hanford 133 p m 7 -0« a tn
*• Bakersfleld ... 1:50 p m 7:30 a n
« Denver 10:00 am
•• Kansas CUy... 6:1» p m
*• Chicago .-. 7:*> * m
• a.' m. train Is th« Overland Kxpress. Corrm-
¦pondlng train arrlT«s at « p. m. dally.
410 p m. U Stockton Local. Correspondta*
train arrives 11:03 a. m. dally. . - • -• -:
• •00 p. el U Fresno and Bakersfleld Express.
With Sleeping Cars for botn clttes. Corrsspcnd-
18 g train arrives at 8 a. m. dally.
OTCTCES— «41 Market st. and ln Ferry Dap*
«.« yranelsco: 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
OFFICERS and members of Prosperity Lodge
No. 309. A. O. U. W.: You are hereby re-
qu»»Rted to attend the funeral of our late
brother. Charles Wurz, to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking par-
lors of Theodor Dierks. 957 Mission street. . By
order of W. P. KAISER. M. W.
R. H. McPherson. Recorder.
SKEHEN— The widow and children of ths late
James Skehen desire by this means to ex-
press their heartfelt thanks to their many
friends and th» public who showed their sym-
pathy and kindness to them in their sad and
sudden bereavement.
(ETThe remains will be Incinerated ln Cy-
press 1-awn Cemetery, San Francisco, to-mor-
row (Wednesday), at noon.
tcyFriend* are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), • at
S:30 o'elock, from her late residence, S61 Kirk-
ham meet, thence to St. Patrick's Church,
' where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her eouI, commencing at »
o'clock.
WAY— In Oakland, November 19. 1900. Mrs.
Maria Way. a native of London, England,
aged SI years 4 months and 17 days.
WHEELER— In Oakland, November 18. 1900.
Isaac B. Wheeler, heloved husband of Theresa
C. Wheeler, and father of Mrs. M. L. Mau-
rer,' Mrs. E. A. Tulley, Mrs. Daniel Meader,
7.. G. Wheeler, Mrs. W. S. Kucker and Wil-
liam A. Wheeler, a native of Augustus, Ky.,
aged 70 years 6 months and 20 days. (Balti-
more. Md., and Quincy, Cal., papers pleas<t
copy.)
tuTTrlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, S23 Union street. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
WOOI1PON— In Sacramento. November 19, 1900.
Annie Woodson, wife of J. A. Woodson, and
mother of Frank M.- -Woodson and the late
Edmund D. and Charles Woodson, a native of
Gloucester. Mass., aged s6 years.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, which
will take place from her late residence, neai
Lawrence, to-morrow (Wednesday), at 1:30
o'clock. Interment at Santa Clara,
TYRRELL— In Oakland, November 17, 1900,
Katherlne Gertrude, beloved wife of P. J.
Tyrrell, a native of Flushing, Long Island,
New York, aeed 53 year«
CTFriends and acquaintances are resper;-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers. 27 and* 29
Fifth street, thence to St. Joseph's Church
for services at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
PERLICH— In this city. November 19. 1900,
Robert Daniel Perlich, dearly beloved ana
only child of Robert and Anna Perllch. a
native of San Francisco, aged 2 months and
14 dajs. .
SHANNON— In Oakland. November IS. 1900.
William Shannon, a native of Ireland? aged
fl years 6 months and 23 days.
STIMSON— In this city. November 19. 1900. Jay
D., beloved husband of Jean Stlmson, and
son of Mrs.- A. J. and the latfr Thomas D.
Stlmson, a native of Big Rapids, Mich., aged
27 years 11 months and 6 days.
STONE— In Lawrence, Santa Clara County,
November IS, 1W)O, Elizabeth Harris Stone,
beloved wife of William I. Stone, mother of
E. J., Annie E. and William F. Stone. Mrs.
Eva M. Goldman. Mrs. L. R. Lilltac and
Mrs. Carrie Johnston, a native of England,
aged 6S years.
UT Notice of funeral hereafter.
NAGLE— In Oakland, November IS, 1900, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late Edward Nagle,
a native of Ireland, aged 73 years.
(TTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 626 Seventeenth street, thence to St.
Francis de Sales Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 8:30 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
O'nRIEN-In this city, November 19, 1300, at
St. Mary's Hospital, Elizabeth, beloved wife
of John O'Brien, mother of Viola and Wil-
liam O - Brien. daughter of Mrs. K. Mlskell,
and siptpr of Mr6. Harry Sorulne. Mrs. J.
Storms and William and Frank MlskelL a
native of New York, aged 24 years."
CT'Prlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), st 1:30 o'clock, from B'nal B'rlth
Hall, 121 Eddy street, under the auspices of
the Draymen's and Teamster's Union. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
Remains at the parlors of A. XV. Martin &
Co.. US Geary Btreet.
McCOY— In the City and County Hospital. No-
vember 19. 1900, Alice McCoy, a native of
California, need RS years.
MARCUSE-In this city. November 18. 1900,
Marcus, beloved husband of Amelia Marcuse,
and father of J. M. and Seymour C. Marcuce
and Mrs. D. N. Friesleben. a native of Ger-
many, asred 71 years 11 months and 21 days.
(Marysvllle papers please copy.)
ITT" Funeral and Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
MAZZINI— In this city. November 19. 1900,
Louis C. beloved husband of Mary Mazzlnl,
and father of Joseph, Louis. Edward, Etta,
Raymond and Xatalle Mazztni and Mrs. W.
E. Kruger, a native of Italy, aged 67 years 2
months and 3 days.
MEAGHER— In this city, November 18, 1900,
Annie, beloved mother of Joseph Meagher. a
native of County Tipperary, Ireland, aged
75 years.
{^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
MORSE:— In thts city. November 19. 1900,
Charles Percy, beloved and ' only child of
Charles Percy and Mabel Smith Morse, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 7 months and 19
days.
E7"Notice of funeral later. » ¦ . ;
LAMMERS— In thts city. November IS, 1900.
Henry Janeen Lammers. beloved brother of
Peter E., Catherine, John B. and the late
Onno H. Lammers, and uncle of Anna M.
and Louis T. Lammers, a native of Germany,
aged 66 years 6 months and 17 days.
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission strett,
near Fifth. , Interment 'Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In South San FrancUco. 'Novemtxsr
17. 1300. at her residence. 1&13 Sixteenth ave-
nue nouth. Kmma Johnson, dearly- beloved
wife ot Otto II. Johnson, and beloved rnotr'er
of Otto T: and Luella Johnson, a native of
Whlteside County, Illinois, aged 54 year* 6
months and 24 days. A member of Bradford
Council No. 90, O. C. F. (Sterling Gazette
and Proferstown Spike please copy.) I
CyFrlend* and acquaintances and members
of Bradford Council No. 190. Oft C. F-. ar«
resp«»cifuUy Invited to attend the funeral thla
day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1S13 Sixteenth avenue south, be-
tween P and Q streets south. South San
Francisco. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by carriage.
TO the officers and members of Bradford Coun-
cil No. 190 O. C. F.— Friends: Tou are here-
by notified lo assemble at your lodgeroom,
Masonic Hall, corner Fourteenth and Rail-
road avenues south, this day (Tuesday), at
12:30 o'clock sharp, to attend the funeral of
our late friend, Kmma Johnson. By order of
the Councilor. l^ENA ZIMMERMAN, Sec.
LE COUNT— In New York City. November 19,
1300, Joseoh P. Le Count of San Francisco,
aeed E3 years. .
• RAILROAD TBAVEL.MISS ANNA BOYD. TO APPEAR
IN ACTORS' CHARITY FUND
BENEFIT.
THREE YOUXG LADIES WHO
ARE DEEPLY INTERESTED
IX THE FAIR'S SUCCESS.
Views From Life of Christ.
Rev. H. H. Wyman, C. S. P., enter
tained St. Rose Sodality in Union-square
Hall last night with a series of views
from the life of Christ.
Two Insolvents.
Petitions In Insolvency were filed yester
day, In the United States District Court as
follow: William Boyles. laborer, Stock
ton; liabilities $1751, assets $305. Charles
M. Cooper, railway, conductor, Red Bluff;
liabilities $713 20, no assets.
Big Sale of Wine.
Judge Coffey. has confirmed the sale
of 500,000 gallons of wine belonging to the
estate of the late Angelia R. Scott to
the Italian-Swiss Agricultural Colony.
The price paid for the wine was 578,125.
SUICIDE HARRY WILSON
A JUNEATJ MXNTNG MAN
SEATTLE. Nov. 19.— Acting Chief of
Police Moodlth to-day ascertained the
Identity of Harry R. Wilson, whose sui
cide in South Omaha on Friday attracted
considerable attention on account of the
finding of papers and bank drafts among
his effects indicating that he was a resi
dent of this city.
Wilson was a mining man and until re
cently resided at Juneau. He owned an
Interest in the Gold Hill placer claims at
Dawson. He arrived In this city from
Juneau on September 29. and registered
at a local hotel, where he remained for
Goldberg Sues His "Wife.
Daniel Goldberg has sued his wife. Em
ille Goldberg, to quiet title to a lot on the
southwest corner of "Washington and
Leavenworth streets. Goldberg alleges
that he deeded the property In question
to his wife in 1S90 In trust for their mu
tuol i benefit. He now allegjs that she
threatens- to dispose of the same for h^r
sola benefit. Hence the suit.
The death In New York City of Joseph
P. Le Count, a pioneer resident of Califor
nia and a well-known member of the busi
ness community of this city, has been an
nounced. Mr. Le Count, accompanied by
his wife, left this city on September 28
last for New York by way of Panama.
He had been In 111 health for some time
and decided to take an ocean voyage.
Just before reaching his destination Mr.
Le Count met with a serious accident on
board the steamer. While walking the
deck he fell through an open hatchway
and was severely injured. On reaching
New York Mr. l^e Count placed himself
under the care of skilled physicians and
was assured that he would soon be
He took a turn for the worse and sank
rapidly, finally succumbing to his injuries
Joseph P. Le Count was .the surviving
member of the well-known stationery firm
of Le Count Bros, of this city. He had
been president of the Board of Trade and
also of the Associated Creditors.
Mr. Le Count presided over one of the
first meetings held by the Board, of Trade
to promote the San Joaquln Valley road.
Mr. Lc Count was 59 years of age and
leaves a wife, a son. Frank P. Le Count,
and two daughters. Miss Susie Le Count
and Mrs. Slocum, w-lfe of a naval officer
at Mare Island.
California Pioneer Succumbs
to Injuries Received on
Steamer.
JOSEPH LE COUNT
DIES IN NEW YORK
DIED.
ROGERS— In this city, N'OTember ». 1900
John Rojrers, beloved husband of Mrs. Ltlli*
Rogrers. and father of Charl«« J. Roger* *nJ
brother of Terry. James, Michael and Mrs.
J. Brady, a native of Ctounty Cavan, Ire
land, aged 33 years.
ICrXotlce of funeral hereafter.
BAZAAR TO BE GIVEN BY
CHURCH OF THE ADVENT
Many Unique Features and an Art
Gallery Will Entertain the
Visitors.
I At the grand benefit bazaar to be given
! In aid of the elimination of the debt of
the Church of the Advent at Golden Gate
Hall. C25 Sutter street, on Thursday and
Friday afternoons and evenings, Novem
ber 22 and 23, many unique features are
to be introduced and the affair promises
to be especially entertaining and up-to
date.
There will be a continuous performance
of vocal and Instrumental music, tableaux
vivants, under the charge of Kean. the
prestidigitator, who will also practice his
mysterious art, and McKinley, the accom
plished illusionist, palmistry and fortune
telling by a seeress versed In reading past
and future, dancing . in the evenings to
the music of a fine orchestra and numer
ous other attractions.
Some original ideas in the arrangement
of the hall are ready for announcement
and others are well forward In their prep
aration. Among these a prominent at
traction will be the picture gallery under
the efficient superintendence of Mrs.
George W. Reed, whose husband, the
well-known Bohemian Club man, is lend
ing valuable aid to the coming bazaar.
Mrs. Reed has been especially fortunate
in securing oil and water-color pictures
of a high order for sale, as well as for ex
hibition. Among other artists Mrs. Susan
Looseley has contributed a number of
characteristic Arizona water-colors done
by her from sketches made In the land
of the cactus.
Mrs. Maynard, who has just returned
frcm a summer's sojourn In Europe, has
donated a collection of Interesting wood
carvings from Oberammergau, where she
witnessed the Passion Play. These, with
many religious pictures and other souve
nirs, will be on sale under the superin
tendence of the donor.
Among the young ladies who will assist
will be Miss Reed, Miss Weeks, Miss Lane
and Miss Henrietta Moffatt In the flower
booth under Mrs. Stuart Aldrlch; In oth
er capacities will serve Misses Virginia
and Roberta Deal, Miss Katherine du
Vail, Miss Wellington, Miss Beatrice Far
num and Miss Wood.
Sues for His Salary.
P. M. Wellin filed a petition for a writ
of mandate yesterday to compel Super
intendent of Schools Webster to credit
hi* demand on the treasury for 54 15 for
services rendered aa an inspector at re
pairs on school buildings. The action
is brought to test the validity of this and
many similar claims against the School
Department. .
The burglar who entered the residence
of Internal Revenue Collector Lynch at
Berkeley on the night of November 10
and stole about $500 worth of silverware
is locked up in the City Prison. He was
arrested yesterday on Washington street,
near Sanaome, by Detectives Wren and
Dinan. Secreted on his person was a por
tion of the plunder he stole from the
Lynch residence. A loaded revolver was
found in his Inside coat pocket.
After being taken to the City Prison
the burglar was put through the sweating
process, but beyond giving his name as
Harry Johnson and claiming that he had
recently arrived from Indiana he re
fused to say anything. Captain of Detec
tives Seymour is satisfied that Johnson Is
the desperate housebreaker who has been
operating throughout the country. In
his room hi the King House on Fourth
street the detectives found a brace and
bit, a "Jimmy" and several files.
Part of the plunder recovered by the
detectives from various pawnshops, where
it had been disposed of by Johnson, was
last night Identified as the property of
Mrs. M. Gillian of 12 Leibrandt avenue,
Santa Cruz.
On the night of October 1 a burglar en
tered her home and got away with a lot
of silverware, a banjo and a valuable
Japanese knife. The stolen property wai
found in a Third-street pawnshop, wherii
It had been sold by Johnson, together with
some other stuff.
Johnson's method in disposing of ni*
plunder was • to visit a pawnshop and
after showing the pawnbroker several
pieces of silverware, ask him what they
were worth. He would then tell a story
of how he had bought the silverware for
his best girl, but as she had transferred
her affections to another, he decided to
sell the stuff, expecting to get a little
less than he had paid for It. In this mln
ner he got rid of nearly all his plunder.
The police are satisfied that Johnson, as
he calls himself, Is an Eastern crook, with
a long criminal record. His Dlcture will
be sent East to-day in the hope that it
will be recognized and his identity thus
established.
Steals Silverware From the
Home of Collector
Lynch.
CLEVER CROOK
IS RUN DOWN
BY THE POLICE
several days. He deposited more than
$10,000 In a local bank, and had certified
checks for the amount in his possession
when he ended his life.
Yellow Fever Abating.
George McCord of thts city knew the
suicide and met him while he was quar
tered at the Hotel Northern. McCord
knows no reason why Wilson should de
stroy himself, as his business affairs ap
peared to have been in excellent shape.
HAVANA. Nov. 19.— Only flfty-stx cases
of yellow fever are now under treatment.
Among these are two Americans. The
disease is abating rapidly in Havana.
Captain of Detectives Seymour and his
men are trying to unravel the mystery of
a girl b< ing found in her room with a bed
Ehec-t tied arcund her neck and a white
subFtance resembling poison sprinkled on
the coverlet. The girl's name Is Alice Du
Pointer. Her parents conduct the Nevada
lodging house at 907 Folsom street.
Shortly after 7 o'clock Sunday evening
the girl's father returned home and was
Burpxised to find that his trunk had been
broken open and $5 in silver r^d a light
overcoat taken. He at once reported his
loss to th? police at the Southern station
and two officer? were sent to make an
Investigation. They in^pe^^d the prem
ises, but Called to get a clew to the per
petrator of the crime.
S<?v<-rs.l liours later, fhortly after the
family had retired for the night. Mr. and
Mrs. Du Pointer were suddenly awakened
by the screams of their l&-year-old
<Jaupht<-r. who occupied the adjoining
room. Jumping out of b*-d they rushed
to ber room and and found the girl fran
tically endravoring to untie the 'bed
Fheet which was wound around her neck.
Mr. Du Poister hastily untied the sheet,
and noticing the suspicious white sub
«tnno<? on the coverlet concluded that his
tfaugrhtor hr.d been given som«* of the
Fuppopfd poison, and as It had no per-
ceptible effect the "villain" in the case
had tried to strangle her.
The girl at first pretended that she was
unable to «=peak, but under the soothing
caresses of her anxious mother, she gave
free rein to her tongue. She claimed that
shortly after midnight she was rudely
awakened by somebody, who after tyli:g
one end of the sheet around her neck,
sprinkled some "white powder" on the
bed. She declared that she did not see
the person, but thought It was the same
man who broke open her father's trunk
and stole his money and overcoat.
Detective O'Dea, who was detailed on
the case by Captain Seymour, is satisfied
that the girl broke open the trunk and
to protect herself tied the sheet around
her neck and sprinkled the poison, which,
after being analyzed, was found to be
sugar of lead, on the red. O'Dea claims
that he arrested the girl about three years
ago for stealing a gold ring from another
girl. After a trial, however, she was dis
charged.
SAYS A STRANGE MAN
TRIED TO STRANGLE HER
Peculiar Tale Told by Alice Du Poister
Is Doubted by Police.
C. W. Smith of the Reddlngton Drug
Company yesterday swore to a warrant
charging Clara McCann, who lives on
Bryant street, near Sixth, with attempted
extortion. The warrant was issued by
Judge Cabantss and at once given to De
tective Cody to serve. Up to a late hour
last night, however, the woman had not
been arrested.
Smith finally became tired of being ha
rassed by the woman and consulted Cap
tain of Detectives Seymour, with the re-
According to the story told by Smith,
he has been considerably annoyed of late
by the woman. On several occasions she
visited his place of business, and after
pretending that she held a secret concern
ing his past life which would not look
well in print demanded money. Failing
to make him disgorge, she abandoned her
visits to his store and stared to hold him
up in street cars and in public buildings,
all the time clamoring for "hush money."
suit that a warrant was issued for her ar
rest.
Smith says he never met the woman un
til she appeared at his place of business a
short time ago and tried to blackmail him.
He Intends to vigorously prosecute her in
case she does not elude the police.
This is not the first time that the Mc-
Cann woman has come under th« notlca
of the police for trying 1 to "shake flown"
reputable business men. Several months
ago she tried to extort money from a
Sansome-street merchant, whoee nams
the police refuse to divulge. She became
so Insistent in her demand for "hash
money" that he was forced to put her out
of his store by force. She returned the
following day and threatened to inform
his wife of his alleged misdoings unless
he pungled up. Leaving the woman In the
store, the merchant went out to find a po
liceman and when he returned with ona
a few minutes later she was gone.
Kenry Schumacher. Lawrence F. Moore. Ernest
Nuhrenberg, Adolph Hintr, Julius Gold. Frlti
¦VVahlin.
CHARGES WOMAN WITH
ATTEMPTED EXTORTION
?
C. W. Smith Swears Out Warrant for
Arrest of Clara McCann.
MOST of the plays which our late
most un-American of managers
Dalylzed from the German are
the merest farces, whose orig
inal humor, seldom very sub
stantial, has been attenuated almost to
nothingness by the denationalizing trowel
of the adapter. To this statement "The
Railroad of Lcve," presented last night
at the Alcazar Theater. Is an exception.
This play of Von Schonthau's Is really a
comedy which Mr. Daly's literary hack,
in a lucid Interval, failed to "adapt" and
merely translated, with a change of the
characters' names. The result Is a pro
duct decidedly superior to such a Dalylza
tlon as "The Last "Word"— a product that
calls for close observation and delicate
appreciation of shades of meaning on the
part of those called upon to interpret It. I
went to the Alcazar Theater last night
with fear and trembling, for I remem
bered "The Strange Adventures of Miss
Brown" and the horrors of "The Country
Wife." I came away with a feeling that
I had witnessed a performance that would
have done credit to almost any stock
company in the country. To Mr. Bryant,
the stage marager. is due. I am sure,
some of the credit for having kept the
comedy from falling into the rut of farce,
while some is due also to the Intelligence,
grace and refinement of the new leading
lady. Miss Convere. The part of Mrs.
Osprey, played by her, gives the tone to
the piece; had she struck a low pitch,
every other part would, of necessity, have
been lowered to correspond. But nothing
of this kind happened and the result was
correspondingly happy. Mr. Hajl. as the
lady killing lieutenant, was clever and
convincing, though it is rather a long
step for him from romantic drama to
light, modern comedy. Mr. Emey sub
dued better than formerly his tendency to
overact and was well within the picture.
Miss Howe and Mr. Montalne were good,
as they always are. As Swift, It is said,
could write beautifully even about a
broomstick, so, I am sure, could the ex
cellent Montalne, if necessary, act even
a stationary ghost so as to make you be
lieve It was walking..
Altogether, a decidedly enjoyable per
formance and all for the ridiculous sum
of fifty cents— a performance better than
many you will see in New York for two
dollars. L. DU PONT SYLE.
Tivoli.
Merry music and merry maids, and a
merry house of merry blades, with laugh
i ter loud and much hand cheer, received
"The Jolly Musketeer." And when before
the footlights came. 1 our own Ted Hart
man blest of fame, the house rose up with
wild applause that lasted minutes without
pause. But just as warm a greeting met
Miss Annie Myers, the bright soubrette;
these two exponents of pure fun insure
the piece a four weeks' run. Miss Wil
liams sang and played Yvette with sim
ple grace and need not fret, for critics she
has all disarmed: and they will praise
whom she has charmed.
Another new one that can't fail Is
Francois-Mr. Tenbrook Dale. The hero
of jthe play alone he courts Yvette in
barytone, ' and tho' Salassa's voice was
stronger, Salassa's salary, too, was longer.
But Tenbrook'a singing hits the spot; 'tis
light and graceful, and I wot that every
night his voice he shows a greater favor
ite will disclose. Full tide of humor, flood
and ebb, are seen In Mr. Edward Webb;
with belly round and goggle eyes he
proves a very glad surprise," and he and
Ted together run and win the lively race
tor fun. With these ' few j rhymes thfs
screed must close or taper gently into
prose. ¦ • ¦ • '- ¦ "
Ferris Hartman and Annie Myers should
be proud of the. warm California greeting
they received from a house packed from
the orchestra to the back skylights. The
audience rose up at them and clapped and
clapped again their delight on welcoming
back the two old Tivoli favorites. Annie
somehow or another ¦ seems to "have been
improved by her, temporary eclipse. Her
conception and execution of the role of
Verve were a surprise' even to her most
enthusiastic admirers. As for Ferris, he
was at his best. -He Is one of the few
eingers whose articulation is all that can
be desired. Fun bubbles out of him like
soda water from a spring — easily and nat
urally.
Maud Williams," the leading lady. Is tall,
good-looking and graceful. She has a
sweet voice and one that is all sufficient
for the role, and her acting last night left
nothing to be "desired. Mr. Dale's . bary
tone, while not strong and rotund, is
pleasing, and he made a good appearance
in the role of Francois. It was a severe
test to put upon him to appear just after
such splendid singers as Salassa and Fer
rari, but he withstood it as well as could
be expected. Mr. Webb was very funny.
The chorus was well drilled and the cos
tumes gorgeous.
The Royal Marine Band presented an
excellent programme at the California
Theater last night. The "piece de resist
ance" was the fantasie from Herbert's
"The Singing Girl." with Incidental solos.
The prelude, aria and duet from ' the
fourth act of "Travlata" was magnificent
ly rendered and the finale by Signors dl
Glrolamo, Creatore and De Titta waa
superb. A harp solo by Slgnor Setaxo.a
trumpet solo by Slgnor j Tavanl and a
tenor solo by Slgnor Glannlnl were well
Orpheum.
received by a large audience. Those who
do. not hear this band miss one of the
greatest musical treats ever offered in
this city.
The bill at the Orpheum this week is a
most attractive one and among the new
comers there are some who are more
than usually entertaining and amusing,
lone MacLouth made her bow to the
vaudeville stage and met with a most
flattering reception. She is a young girl
of much promise and her singing is
marked with rare expression and feeling.
She was particularly happy In the songs
'Comln' Through the Rye" and "Annie
Laurie," and was warmlv applauded for
her efforts. She will doubtless be a great
success in vaudeville. Max Waldron.the fe
male character impersonators clever and
graceful and at once established himself as
a prime favorite . Sie Conditt and Lillian
Morey give a touching sketch, "The Ties
that Bind," and it had the merit of draw
ing tears to the eyes of the ladies. It is
full of pathos and the characters of the
patient and manly husband and fretful
wife are admirably portrayed by the two
artists. The Brothers Martine are clever
acrobats and Stelllng and Revelle are
amusing and unique as horizontal bar
artists. The holdovers— James F. Dolan
and Ida Lenharr, W. J. Hynes, Mr. and
airs. Dan HIatt and Anna Boyd— were as
entertaining as ever.
Alhambra.
Lovers of Hoyt's farces who stay away
from the Alhambra miss a treat. "A
Stranger In New York," presented by a
capable company, occupies the boards at
the theater this week and is presented In
a more than pleasing manner. John Ij.
Kearney as the "stranger" is a surprise
to the audience, carrying the difficult
Hoyt character through In a thorough
manner. To the McCoy sisters, however,
and Sam Marion Is due the success of the
performance. These lively people keep
the audience convulsed with laughter.
The other people In the cast are up to
the standard.
Fischer's Concert House.
The programme at Fischer's Concert
house was almost entirely new last night
and every number was warmly applauded
by a large audience. Argyle Tully, a
pleasing ballad singer, made his first ap
pearance here and scored a hit, as dldalso
Helen Stuart, a transformation dancer.
Irene Franklin received several encores
for her cornet solos and Olive Vail, bal
ladlst, repeated her success of some
months ago. Ouhama proved to be a
wonderful Japanese equilibrist, and Harry
H. Walton, Chinese impersonator, repeat
ed his amusing act of last week. Little
Claire Fex changed her specialties and
the moving pictures are new. Hinrichs"
orchestra played a varied and interesting
programme.
Chutes.
Nora Bayes, the phenomenal contralto,
scored a big hit at the Chutes last nighi.
Other good numbers on the bill are Gus
Leonard, the odd musician: Shields
brothers, bicycle experts; Leandor broth
ers, gladiatorial acrobats; Little Alma,
child artist; Hunt's dog circus. Cannon,
the fat man. In poses plastlques. and new
moving pictures.
Olympia.
The new bill this week at the Olympta
Is a good one. Mabel Hudson is a clever
performer and the rest of the programme
was well received last night and r.hould
insure good attendances for the rest of
the week.
Managers' Charity Fund Benefit.
The sale of seats for the second annual
benefit In aid of the charity fund of the
Associated Theatrical Managers of ,San
Francisco, to be held at the Orpheum,
Thursday afternoon, opened yesterday
morning with a long line in attendance—
a line that remained unbroken all day.
Hundreds of good seats are still left, how
ever, but it behooves those' who desire to
see the monster show to purchase to-day.
Yesterday afternoon the committee ar
ranged the programme in such a way
that every artist will have just the place
on the bill desired— a task that was far
from easy. There will be nineteen
"turns" presented, ranging from numbers
by principals from the Maurice Grau
Opera Company to the latest up-to-date
vaudeville acts.
Slgnor Gaudenzlo Salassa was suddenly
summoned to Italy yesterday, but his
place will be filled by Signor Vittorlo
Emanuele Castellano, tenor of the Tlvoll
Grand Opera Company.
The doors will be opened at noon and
the performance will . commence at 1
o'clock sharp. There will be no Intermis
sions, and it will be nearly 6 o'clock be
fore the curtain finally falls.
Alice Neilson Coining.
The opening of Alice Neilsen's engage
ment at the Columbia Theater next Mon
day night will serve to Introduce that
prima donna for the first time as a star,
before her own townspeople, and It Is her
desire to appear before them In the best
possible light that has brought about a
very expensive move on the part of her
management.
To those unacquainted with the average
route land out for companies touring the
West there does not seem any obstacle In
their reaching In due time the various
towns at which they are to appear. But
the desirable and important towns are few
and far between this side of the Rockies.
• Miss Nellsen and her company, were
originally booked to appear at Salt Lake,
Thursday, Friday and Saturday of this
week, and she was to have left that city
Saturday after the evening performance.
After due consideration of the situation
Miss Nellsen decided that she could not
appear in the leading role of "The Sing
ing Girl" at the Columbia next Monday
night Immediately after landing from, the
train. So she. canceled her Saturday book-
Ings in Salt Lake and will arrive In this
city Sunday morning In a special train
with her large company, numbering over
ninety people. This step Miss Nellsen has
taken is a very expensive one and means
the loss of a great amount of money, but
when the 'pretty young actress decides
upon a thing money Is no object. Sev
eral theatrical men stated yesterday that
Miss Neilsen made a very wise decision,
as she carries a largo amount of scenery,
and if she should arrive here late the
stage hands would not have time to ar
range the scenic effects properly. Ar
riving on Sunday the company will have
a cha/ice to rehearse and the "first night
ers" will have the opportunity of seeing
Miss Neilsen and her support at their
very best. -
EARNEST WORKERS
AIDING A CHURCH
Fair Maids to Preside Over Pretty
Booths in Order to Swell the
Building Fund.
THE earnest workers of the Trinity
English Evangelical Lutheran
Church are busily engaged pre
paring for the grand bazaar,
which they will open In Mission
Parlor Hall on Thursday evening. The
fair will continue until Saturday evening.
An excellent programme has been pre
pared for three nights. Miss Millie Flynn.
Mrs. Eva Tenny, Helen E>odd. Knicker
bocker male quartet and other well-known
entertainers will take part.
Rev. 1Z. M. Stensrud. pastor of the
church, has put forth all his efforts to
mako the bazaar a financial success. The
money derived will be devoted to the
building fund.
There will be half a score cf booths and
twice as many pretty girls will preside
over them. All the booths will be gor
geously decorated and will be stocked
vdth choice art treasures, needle-work
aud other things dear to the fa!r sex.
An interesting feature of Friday night'?
orcgramme will be Ouriltt's sparkling
Kinder-symphony for piano, violin and
toy instruments, which will be rendered
by a group of children urvler the direction
of kUaa M» DSaerens, with H^l«>n Dodd.
the xsi'il-Vnown child jilanist. at the piano.
The booths are in charge of the follow
ing:
Yciznt: lodes' Aid — Miss I-u'u Lucky. Miss
Soj-.hie Haasen. Mies Ilulda Gudmundson.
Ladies" Aid No. 1— Mir. P. Podaoa. Mr*. H.
Schroeder, Mrs. Iirunn.
La/ties' Aid No. 5— Mrs. L. I/orer.t3en, Mr*.
C. Clausen. Mrs=. J. ¦Wolf.
Lr,f5i«f>" Aid N>. 3— Mrs. L.. Larsen. Mrs. J.
ChriFtcnrrn. Mrr. M. KikkelMn.
nefreRlimer.tr.— Mrs. J. Olsen, Mrs. A. Son
d«rup. Mm. J. Enpell. Mrs. M. Smith. Mrs. J.
P.rand. Mrs. C-jilnandwn. Mrs. P. TVlttke.
2irs. J. Carpenter. Mrs. F. Jensen. Mrs. O.
Uc*les«'n.
Icecream— Miss Err.ile Oifpii, Miss Marie Fon-
C^rjp. M!fs A!frlda Peteiren. Miss Helen Han-
Ben. Mrs. Johnson, Mips Ingeborg Nielsen.
JapanMf tea -Miss Metha Wilsen. Mrs. John
Smith. Miss O^ra O!*en.
IjeiTi^r.ade. randy, etc.— Miss Adelaide Gud
rr.ur.dsen. tDm Uu!u Krull. Miss Annie Bensen.
Hifs Pt-Imj 1 . fMst»n. Mls«= Ray Ward.
I* .-hers — NVIson Lurky, John J. Olsen. John
OlseTi.
Hat room— Orr-ar Olson. Oluf Thorr.rfon.
Door—C. Classen. H. P. Schroeder. Chris Tel
lefsen.
Lutheran Church Institution.
An enjoyable entertainment was ap
plauded by ;, large audience at the First
English Lutheran Church last night. The
programme was arranged by J. C. Fyfe
r.rsd the ca^t was composed of the follow
ing:
Martin Nuhrenhwrg. Ernest N'uh renter*.
Miss Helen* Niflsen. Miss Rertha c^arr.pe Miss
litle-n WeiTig. Miss Rae Brinn.. Miss Marian
• ¦¦Jir.minK. MIes Xarcy Place. MIes Juliette
Merger.tha'.er. Miss Udelia Vltt. Mist Mae I>~,h
t-frn. yr.ss Margaret Hewitt Miss Emmie Kus-
Ur, M-.^s Daisy Hewitt, M!ss Emma liri'.ljerg.
Miss ]Jertha Atzeroth. Miss Juanita OoUIaan,
Mrs. S. Anderson. M:?5 Mattie Hultberg. Mis=<
Minerva Pierce. Miss Minr.ie Kruse. llise In
jrrid L'.r.dnrpm. Mrs. I). }V. Piliard. Miss An
nie Lsrsen. Malcolm A. FraFer. Robert Park,
¦VVilhelm Nielsen. Robert Blair. Ed C. Bt>ysen.
d. St. John Hremner. James Terkelsen. Dr
K'Jward M. Cherry, Martin Nuhrenberfr. Mau
rice Yolkman. Robert G'.lchrfct. William Dahl.
ALCAZAR PRESENTS
CHARMING COMEDY
Ferris Hartman and Annie Myers
Noisily Welcomed at Tivoli.
Fine Show at Alhambra.
Pathetic Scenes and Traoic
Periods Are Vlvidlu
Portraued.
By Blanche Partington.
Another good night with the Grau peo
ple, Puccini's "La Boheme" the pro-
gramme and Melba the divine as Mlml.
Once only has the opera been given be
fore here— In '97 by a poverty-stricken,
clever little Italian company, who were
only all too familiar with the ups and
downs — mostly downs — of the artist life,
which the opera so faithfully presents.
The opera -was, of course," pirated— the
company had been playing in Mexico,
where everything goes — and we had the
good fortune to get a share of the loot.
For they 'were an artist crowd, happy-go
lucky, lavishly musical, born actors and
pathetically well fitted by circumstances
for the opera's Interpretation.
The orchestra was amazingly good, the
principals really excellent, but the chorus!
ohime the chorus! how well I remember
it! Gathered in from the hedges and the
highways of the Latin Quarter, from the
big-eyed bambinos— whose mothers must
bring them to the theater for there was
no one else to care for the little ones— to
the aged grandam whose sweet, old Ital
ian voice still had a worth-while note
In It. The scenic accessories were on a
par with the appearance of the chorus,
but there was heart, and life, and genius
in the performance just the same, as one
gladly felt them in the air last night,
under how different circumstances!
"La Boheme" is a brilliant, vivid, scin
tillating sort of thing, modern as Wag
ner, but at opposite poles — realistic as he
is realistic, and swiftly picturesque as
Wagner is reposefully romantic. Puccini
never by any chance prolongs the musical
expression beyond the limits of the dra
matic moment. Rather does the move
ment occasionally suggest unfinished mu
sical thought. Its legitimate expression
denied climax in compliance with the
dramatic exigencies, while oppositely
Wagner will often prolong the dramatic
situation beyond all reasonable limit to
allow to his musical idea its full fruit of
development. "La Boheme" has the same
saving lack of set solo, trio, quartet and
the rest of it, as has the Wagnerian mu
sic, and represents the last word so far
of the modern Italian school.
The opera received a delightful Interpre
tation last night. It had just the right
tone-coloring, accent, feeling. Melba is a
charming Mimi. She sings and acts the
part with a pathetic grace that touches
the heart and brings tears to the eyes.
"Mlmi! Mlml!" shouted the audience at
the third scene's close, where she bldj
farewell to her poet-lover, and VMlml!"
again.
It is an unusual part for Melba. In this
regard. No sort of opportunity does the
role offer for the lovely vocal gymnastics
of which she. is so perfect a mistress; it
Is pure, straight, dramatic singing and
the artist here achieves another triumph
In her admirable art of simplicity.
The part of Musetta served to introduce
another of Mr. Grau's singers. Miss Fritzi
EchefT, and a pretty and dainty little so
prano. Miss Scheff's voice Is light, but
sweet, and she gave a chic and charming
portrait of the little grisette. strange
brilliant flower of the life of the Latin
quarter.
Mr. Cremonini had a grateful part aa
Itudolfo, lover of Mlmi. He Bang with
much feeling and acted ; ell. more espe
cially in the scene of Mimi's death, which
was a fine dramatic movement. The part
also suits him vocally.
Campanari did the Marcello and was
well suited in the role. Mr. Gilllbert.
whose first hearing here was last evening,
raised a pleasant barytone In Bchaun
ard's part, but, dear me! he looks like
two starved musicians, not one! Mr.
Journet's good bass was heard in the part
of Colllne, and Dufriche and Maseiro
completed the cast.
The audience was a little afraid of it
self in the matter of expressed enthusi
asm at first. The atmosphere of "Bo
hemia" lacks dignity, except in its trage
dies, and the audience, unaccustomed to
demand upon its risible arrangements in
grand opera roused only to a rather
doubtful and condescending applause at
first. But when the diamonds and dol
lars were forgotten in the pitiful, small
Joys and troubles of the brave Bohemians,
the house was ready with its tears and
laughter In fullest need.
Xot a soul lifted hat or coat till the
curtain rang down— they were forgotten
in the tragedy of a garret. The atmos
phere was very genuine. The sale of Col
line's coat appeared a veritable sacrifice,
the mock duel with tongs and poker a
spontaneous Jest, and the picturesque
crowd In the Latin quarter Just what
it purported to be. It was a delightful
show all round, and one Is glad to know
It will be given again during Jthe season.
To-night "Don Giovanni" will be heard,
with Nordica, Frutzl Scheff, Gadskl, de
Reszke, Scottl and others In the notable
cast.
AUDIENCE IN RAPTURES
Puccini's "La Bo
heme" Beautifully
Rendered.
MARVELOUS IS
MELBA AS
MIMI.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 19OO.
14
mother *&* finnm* filling a
likes. "*""^ specialty.
Market street, near Sixth, opposite
Golden Gate avenue.
the silk sale of the season.
colored taffeta silks 49c a yard, worth 70c.
this vast business makes vast buying possible, and bie buying
by us means lessened prices for you. but riever did we have such a
splendid silk value as this to offer at such an opportune time, these
taffetas are all pure silk, extra heavy, 19 inches wide, and there
are 43 different shades to choose from — every one of which is de-
sirably, they are identically the same quality that has been pass-
ing ovvjr these counters freely at 70c a yard, and this offer should
cause a furor till every yard is gone.
only 49c a yard — a saving of 21c on every yard.
27 inch all-silk swiss taffetas. 2000 yards 38 inch fine all-
with that soft finish which in- wool homespun suitings, in 3
sures good wear-re^ar price £&£jML*££3?:
$1.00 a yard— now, for this sale, excellent value at 60c a yard —
only 75c go on sale to-day at 5Oc
y\ the linen section is
//^%^V * U N °f thanksgiving hints.
(&/ *$>•'' v^ e a PP eai ? nce °f e ta^ e w^ ?n thanks-
(h^— giving dinner is served is only second in im-
lli &?'^%^^'-'l portance to the menu.
|>^5^'&(^io ' a^ ~ linen " good quality bleached nao-
F-lV^\£y bleached kins — size 20x20 inches — resru-
P'' damask lar price $1.25 per dozen — for
'napkins this thanksgiving sale, only
— size 23x23 inches — our regti - OSc
lar $3.25 napkins — for this
thanksgiving sale, only...^2.71) hemstitched dinner sets — one
all-linen bleached table dam- ?J4 yard cloth and twelve 22
ask— 70 inches wide— regular inch napkins to match— tor this
price 65c a yard-for this thanksgiving sale, per set. onlv
thanksgiving sale, only.... 49c ....frti.oU
all-linen damask linen sets — huck towels — size 18x36
cne 2^2 yard pattern cloth and inches — hemmed ready for use
twelve Y\ size napkins to match — worth $2.25 a dozen — for this
—for this thanksgiving sale. thanksgiving sale, each, only
per set, only 94«G*5 14c
$1.50 full-size comfortables at $1.20.
. they are covered with silkoline printed in very handsome de-
signs, filled with clean white cotton and scroll stitched — and aro
such exceptional value that we want you to know of them.
while they last $1.20 each.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
the world-renowned basso of
the Grau Opera Company, and
his equally famous brother.
the tenor, upon taking their
departure from America wrote
to Steinway & Sons as follows:
MESSRS. STEINWAY & SON'S.
tjpntlerren: We leave for Europe
to-morrow morning and shall be In
London In June for the eprlnic sea-
son of opera. Would you kindly ln-
Btruct your London h(»use to have
p'.ar.os ready for our use there at
that time?
We take thie occasion to thank
you for courtesies extended and to
nay that, while circumstances have
eoinetlmes rendered the temporary
use of other Instruments necessary.
our preference, conviction and ar-
tietic judgment have been and are
lor your puperb masterworks only.
Very truly your*.
JEAN DE RESZKE.
EDOUARD DE RESZKE.
The personal indorsement of
such artists should be taken
into consideration bv anv one
contemplating purchasing a
piano.
Mr. Edousrd de Reszke
will sing to-night in "Don
Giovanni,** on Thursday
night in "Romeo ct Ju-
liette,** on Friday night
in "Lcs Huijucnots** and
on Saturday night in
•?Faust."
Visit the Steinway sales-
rooms of Sherman. Clav &
Co.. who are the Pacific Coast
dealers.
Steinways are sold on easy
terms when desired.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
6te!mva>- Piano Dealers,
Cor. Keanry and Sutter sts.. 8. F.
Cor ISth and Broadway. Oakland.
Cot Park & Wafhlnirton. Portland.
71 1 Second avenue. Seattle.
Trunks & traveling bags. Before buying see
our "bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co.. 12S Ellis.'
The favorite of favorites— Jesse Moore "AA"
whiskey.
Ladies" uilor-made «ult«, silk /skirts, fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild, (28 Sutter.*
DR.MCNULTY.
rpiIIS WELL-KNOWN AND RFXIA BUS OLD
I Specialist <rw« Blood Pnison.GoDorrhcsa.Oleat,
Strk-turf, *<«*niliiMl WeaWness. Impotence and their !
allied Disorders. Hook on Diseases ot Men, free.
OvprTOyenrV experience. Terms reasonable. Hoars. •*
9to3dally;S:30to3.30eT'(fs.SandaTs,10tol2. Consul-
tation free and sacredlj conflden tiaL Call or address
P. ROSCOE McN'CLTY. 31. D.
gOMKearny&t., San Francisco* Cel»
BREAK AWAY
from the laundry that sends your
linen home streaked, yellow, frayed or
torn, and just try having it done up by
conscientious and first-class methods in
laundering, and your ntck won't look
like a turkey gobbler's after taking off
that collar of points. We will show you
what fine laundry work is. Domestic
finish for full dress shirts if you order it.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Oakland Off lce-62 San Pablo Avo.
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone — South 42O,
. Dr. Win- Botsford. 1170 Market St.. noti-
fies hts patients that he has returned. •
*^**- j
Hale'a.
Hale'a.