THE DEAD."
TALLEVRANO HARNWELL— IB years of ajce. Resided 212 Ctah
street. [ Sknll fructnrod.
.WILLIAM H. ECKFELD — 12 years of acre. Resided nt 192O How
nrd.'stree.'t. Sknll fractured and Internal" Injuries.' "
.. t EDGAR FAIKHAVKX — O years of age. Resided at 1SO7 -Howard
street. ~ :'Fractu red skullJl '.'i - - , ,- . . . , .-. ... '
. '¦¦'¦' I.EOX GIKARI)— 1S years of a>re. 418 Mission street. Frac
tu red -rlRht r, rni and .sknll.. •;¦-> .^vij' ' , . '. 1:7j".
•JAMES A.^MIILROXEY— Spokane, Wash. Internal Injnrles.
.. ' . CHAltLKS -'MONOGHAN— Aa-ed 3<). " Address unknown'.
ROBERT MILLER 15 years of affe. 23 Glen Park 'avenue.
• : VIRGIL NEWRY AkpiI IO. Resided at 4O7 Capp street. Frae
tared skull.
MOSES OTTENSTEIN— Asred 15 years. Resided at 023 Folsom
street.
T. P. RIPPON — Machinist. Resided at 875 Hnlertat street. Left
lesr broken and fractured sknll.
WILLIAM VALENCIA 1O5 Capp street. Fractured skull and In
ternal injuries. ' ' •
METTE VAN DYK or MARK VAN DURA — Jones street/between
O'Farrell and Geary streets. Forty-six years of age. .Miner re
cently returned ' from Alaska. Sknll fractured.
HECTOR McNEIL 762 Post street. Fractured skull.
THB INJURED.
_ _ . _
• - LESTER FRANCIS PRIOR — Agre 17. Resides at 717 Lydla street,
Oakland.. Stralned'bnck nnd bruises.
THOMAS g;*SMITH— Aired 17. Kesldcs at 173 Albion avenue.
Compound fracture of letr. . - • -l.'-'i..'
, EDDIE HOLM AN— 12 years of aa-e. 847 Valencia street. Con
' ¦ tnaions of spine and head. Serious.'-' >* r ¦'¦'" ¦¦¦'¦ '-'::
STEWART— Aged 15. ReBldes nt 173 Lexington ave
nue.- Fracture. of; both leura. ¦'¦¦,', -i-- r . ' -. ' • ¦•• -.
- THEODORE BAKER — Aged 13. Resides at 3622 Twentieth street, i
¦ Broken collar bone, shonlder blade and right nrm. _
:.;¦ SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD HOSPITAL.
UNKNOWN— Ybuntt-*man.i '.Face and haiids scratched and bnrned.
-.'/ " ¦ t.\K NO WS— Man. i Tendons of left arm cut..; - ' v '' ; - |
ALBERT. LUX — 11O5 Mason! street.'.Badly sprained back.
• J' - : EDWARD Gl'XLE V SR— 1035 Alabama street.— Sprained back.
EDWARD GUNLEY JR. Same address. Rlitbt shoulder broken.
• ¦'¦'; GEORGECAMPIIELI^— 435 Tenth street. " Internal injuries.
y;>?.- HOIIERT '-HARRISON— Snnnyslde. Internal injuries. Probably
" fatal. ¦ ..'•- ¦•¦•'•"•¦ -.,:-.;•- - : ;-.. ,.;._ ¦ . ¦ . ¦ ./. : "*- . ......
: ELLERY CRANDALL — Boy. Lesr and arm broken., .- ! •
¦¦? FRED HA RT.M AN— Shipley street. Internal injuries. * •
.IOH.V JIASEN-i-Cypress Lnwn Cemetery. Abrasions of, head.
THEODORE I1AKER— 3622 Twentieth street. : Wrist and lee; cut.
GEORGE PELLE — !>:t3 Jackson street. "Chest lnjnred. :.'
" AV. CONNOLLY-^-ll>20 Howard streets Chest and leprs hurt.
J.'HOWELLi—S47. Valencia, street. 'Internal Injuries. * Severe.
GEORGE MARSHALL — G47 Jones streets. Slight .'abrasions.
PETER CARROLL Third nnd Folsom streets. Severe.
W. K.Gil ANT — 14."» Sonth Park. Arms and lepjs slightly out. .
OTTO R1 ; RMEISTBR — !»2O Alabama street. SllRhtly. injured.
AVALTKRGRIFFIN— 024 Folsom street. Chest.- severe. ¦
ELLIS; CRANDALL— 1104 Market street. Back, chest, and less ,
. FRED BITLLWINKLE — -2OIS Sanchez street. ;& -. Sllfthtly hurt.
GEORGE C. MILLER— 317 Tenth | street.,^ Injuries sliRht.
ARTHUR OUSTEN— 837 Thirteenth street. Legs and > back cut
and''brniscd. : '~- : ' *\ ~ > - ; : •* ' - • ¦' "." ' ¦ •" '. "-' ¦";'" ''¦."¦¦¦, '"' •: ' i*.. -
, i EDDIE HOWE— S47 Valencia street. Shonlder and <hfsh se
verely'bruised. ¦¦"'.. ,'•'-'-.¦ / t.- .¦•-¦¦%¦ ¦ .; •'•¦. • . :"' ¦ i .- : •¦•-::-'•.-¦- ¦,
JOSEPH BOWEN— 42 Norfolk street. Slight cuts'and abrasions.
H AROLD "PALMER— 200 ' Hyde i street.V Skull fractured. ; Fatal.
\LBERTGURCKE— 002 Lna-unn street. -Severely, hurt.; ;
LEON DOVLE— i— -~ — -. Slightly hurt. Taken home by parents. /
GEORGE HEISEX— Boro' and Bryant streets. ; , . '"
. GEORGE MORSHE AD— ni4' Jones, street. -Arm broken.
D'ARCY CASHIN — 1007,Taylor;ntrcet. Ti , Shoulder. dislocated. :
¦ R.T.I.EE— ¦—-----*' -Fnce"nnd head cot. SIlRht. 1
IIEXRY.MEYER— -1730 Hnimril street.?;' Internal 'injuries.
: GEORGE WOODS— 341 Minna street.' Severe." '
,'CHARLES H. CirMMINS-—1012;PqireVvstrcet. : Internal injuries.
;'2::^^^ <^v4<REC^I^TOq'i^SPiTAIi^^': ( -:"; . /
FRED 4 GARRE.HTY—^104'D"evisadero' street. sknll
and, Internal in}nrl*n. f ::\l?^&G&iqiwgQBBf»t%XK1faBUB&mt&Ut&'&l&Mf>
• > i;. ! ,RlsSMENN-^-2O2 Harriet streets Both hands bnrned. Spraln
' ed innscles of-tbc:»»eck,;>t'vV"-* :•:¦.¦-.;;¦. ¦*¦•"• ; ¦ ¦ -¦.'¦" ¦':'- '•'¦;'
. .WILLIAM HANCK — 1407 Folsom street. 'Lacerated scnlp.- con
"tnsed"biiclcr-bnrnsjon-rijrhrarm.-<Dlschar«-ed.) ' ' .. "- ' .- "
•t • .V. FRBECHtE — 1471 Ellis street. ¦ Portion of hands and body
.burned.* v fDIscliar8red.) ;; ; ;• . ' : = . , ;•
.2 r \" F. COOPER T1O Pout street. Contused rlurht foot.
L.-A. McCAl'I,HV 514 Lcnrenbrth street. Fractured nrm. «
CLARESCE BURNS 1418 Ellin xtreet. Fraclnred nknll.
JESSIE COHX — 379 Capp street. Contnaed left hip and left
ankle. i*"TflBKVil i ffH
EDWARD DCGGA5— S14 Hermnnn street. Fractured akall.
¦ " > ' ; J. fi. ROWES— SOS Leaveaworth street. Lacerated noasdi, left
erebroTT and eye. (UUrhnrseil.)
- JOHN OROUGH — 1835 MInnton street. Fraetored slcnll.
. , MARK TRAYXOR — 12OS Mlnnlon street. Burned right hand, con
tased hip and ankle. (Discharged.) ' •
. CITY AND. COUNTY HOSPITAL.
PERCY RAGXALIj — 1O years of ige. Resides at 707 Mason mtreet.
Both lees broken. - . ¦ <*• • ..... ¦ ( •
A3IOS CHEESMAX— Residence nnknown. Both arms broken.
. -HARRY" CAL.AHAX— 17 years of axe. .Resides at 15 Scott. street.
Both firms fractured. ' . ' " ' '• .
, HARRY CLIPPER— 17 years of ace. Resides at 2014 Bryant
street. Fracture of arm. .
LEOX DOIiliAHD — IT yenrm of agre. Resides at 21S Chattanooaja
street. Wounded In neck and face, and arms sprained.
CHARLES FUIjTOX — 2-1 yearn of atse. Resides at '3 Hermann
¦ treet. Contnuril nnnml of head and arm. ....
• . BBRT HARRISOX— lu years old. Residence unknown. Internal
Injnrlew.' ¦ '.,;¦¦'¦
CLAUDE JACKMAX — 12 years of asre. Resides at 727 1-2 Howard
street, i Frnctnre of wrist.
: UICII.VItD KOCH — 1O yearx of «Ke. Resides at 10O5 ' Folsom
street. Sprained nnkle and Internal Injuries.
DANTE MORIACO — 10 yearn of acre. Resides: at -301 Dolores
street. Frneture of knee Joint and left arm.
CORXELirS McMAXX 12 years of age. 2611 Post street. Frae
tnre of left arm nnd hnrnx.
GUSTAVE XORDU'XD — 2.1 years .old. Sailor. Residence un
known.' Dlsloented srni.i and burns. . .
, : THOMAS PEDDLER — 23 yenrs of "an;e. Resides at 645-1-4 Ste-
Teimnnntreet. ' Fracture of spinal column and contusions around
head. - In 'critical condition.* ,
THOMAS H. PARKER — 13 year* old. Resides at 1331 Fifteenth
street. Internal Injuries and scnlp wound. • .
ALFRED UEED— 17 years of • agre. Resides at 1331 Howard
street. Frnetnre of-hoth arms and contusion over eye. ; . '
:.-. ¦¦ ANDREW PETERSON— .13 years of ajfe. ResSdes fct ;20O Shipley ¦
street. Intcrnnl Injuries and. fraotnred -ribs.
WILLIAM: SWAIN — Ajred 1O. • Potrero. Fracture of arms. Face
burned. : : ' ' ~ : ¦'/
ISAIAH TREADWELL Asred IS. Colored. Resides at 833 Geary
street. -Frncture of thlnrh and sufferln* from shock.
r -FRED F.'LILLIE — 21 years. 40© Mission street.- Fracture • of
skull. DnnareronJ-ly Injured. 'Will probably die.
vQ- JOHN MIEL O years of ncre. Resides at, 353O Twenty - third
street. Frnctnre nt *kull.- ' Will probably die.
. nERT HARRISON — 1.1 years of aa;e. Sunnyslde. Extensive burns
on fnce. Fractured limbs.
ST. MARY'S HOSPITAL.
WALTER GRIFFIN— — 1~ — :-. Frnetnred lesr.
PETER CARROLL . Injured about head.
: ; PRIVATE [ HOUSES.
"...CHARLES PETERSON— 5-tS FolsQm street. Back wrenched. Leg
broken.' Nose crushed.
,E." P., TICE— Alabama' and Sixteenth streets. Left hip bone kro
• ken. 1 - Concussion [of spine. ' Treated by Dr. W.'D. Clarke.
and boys, " when hospital scenes > had
passed in terrifying succession, San Fran
cisco closed s gloomiest day of Thanks
giving. - ' '
The accident was terrifying in every de
tail. Just before the great game between
Stanford and Berkeley began at the Rec
reation Grounds on Sixteenth and Folsom ,
streets many of the thdusands oV men
and women who crowded the park noticed
that across' the street on Sixteenth "and '
Folsom streets a crowd of men and boys, \
numbering between 400 and 500, had'gath- .
ered on. the corrugated iron roof of. th« '
San Francisco and Pacific Glass Works.,
Many who saw this little eager band of i
sj«Htators ir.ade the comment that the)
perch upon v.hkh they were seemed frali ;
and poorly adapted for sustaining their
weight. The rival university teams were"
just coming. upon the field. The parhsanaJ
of the cardinal and the blue* and gold!
were -waving their brilliant,, banners, ¦"
cheering, shouting, gesticulating in the'
very 'climax of enthusiasm.
The ball had Just been tossed into the :
air when with sound of rumbling thunder' J
the roof upon which the band of. men and' \
boys were, stationed gave way and the j
black mass of humanity upon it disap-'!
pcared like a flash of darknesg into light, i
Three hundred human beings had shot
through the roof to the blazing furnace
more than seventy feet below. The shrieks
of the unfortunate beings could not be
heard above the cheers of those who were
watching the game within the Inclosure'
of IlecrenUon Park. The great game was'
on, but death was playing sad havoc with-;
in a stone's throw of where. there, was en-'
tJmslasm. life and the excitement which
comes with contentment. .
Men were roasting to death upon the
white-hot surface of the terrible furnace.!
Their clothing was ablaze and their flesh
was scorching until the air was permeated
with the terrible odor. Boiling oil was
pouring upon their bodies. They lay upon
the floor with their bones broken* their
skulls .crushed, their life ; flashing out,
while the cheers were, sounding from the
adjacent, park. Poor creatures .hung in
desperation upon broken b»ams fifty, feet
above the concrete floor.- Below them
were human bodies piled in a heap, writh
ing in.' the torture ' of. which unconscious
ness had not deprived them. The descend
ing mass of humanity had /twisted the
iron stanchions of the furnace and had
broken the boards of the platforms.
The scene was a veritable hell of an
guish. These, men and .boys had come to
their terrible injury and death through
their desire to see the great intercollegiate
match.' They had forced their -way
through the gates of the large inclosure
of the glass works. : They' had? climbed
over the fences. .It* is said that' they" h'ad
bribed the watchman for the privilege of
going to their death, butthe police, after
what they deemed, to be a thorough in
vestigation, are unable to prove that any
one paid money for. the right to enter the
incjosure and asceiid. to the roof. These
men and boys went- into Jlhe inclosure like
sheep.- . ; .. .. y. ; *t'iM>*? l *-.'"¦•:
The. buildings are not yet finished.. Ad
joining that in which the accident hap
pened is air Uncompleted structure which
hasnot'yet more than its frame erected.
The proprietors and managers of the glass
works- had given strict injunctions' that
no one should be admitted within this in
eloemre. When this impetuous mob
swarmed into : the place the manager and
superintendent of the building warned
them away, cautioned them of the danger
into which they were rushing headlong
and- stood ,at the door with an iron bar,
threatening to strike the first man who
entered. - • • ,
I Pleadings, warnings and. intimidations
j were in vain. -The crowds rushed up ; the
I fire escapes.'. Men and boys climbed lad-
I ders. They swung planks from the incom
! plete. building to the completed structure
j and rushed pell-mell onto th« corrugated
j iron -roof of j the building which in , a ; few
j moments was to become a house of death.;
The. manager of the ; place,' utterly -un-'
able to control the crowd that came upon'
hlmi hastened away to scek'the assistance;
of the police. He knew the dreadful prob- :
abilitieSiOf death that were awaiting the
men .and. boys upon the.. roof. "-. He knew,
that beneath them move than seventy feet'
below' was a- gigantic furnace, .blazing,
with its fires, seething and steamlng'Vith'
.its terrific heat. These fires had been
lighted -only a week In preparation for
active work. . . ; .
: Other furnaces there were in the bull:! -
ing, but. this over which the men' and
! boys were standing In 'a huddled mpsV
I was the only one lighted.-; Above the flr«3
of the .furnace was a concave brick cov
ering, white hot. It is, fully sixty- feet
long and thirty feet wide. The manager
hastened with all speed for the gates and
as he ran he looked "behind .and, "saw"- the
.corrugated iron .of the", roof .ventilators
sway beneath 'the weight upon it and give
Way. Three / hundred men ; and boys had
been hurled headlong to the furnace be
-low. ¦. • . ¦¦.''''¦¦ - ¦ ¦:. - .
I- "'A fringe of blnck : figures stood around
the gaping, twisted', fearful "opening: of
the , roof and looked^ down upon ', thbseVwhb
were prostrate upon /the white-hot cover'-]
ing of the f urnace," and' then pandemonium
reigned. ."Within the building', there ""-wer«i
half a dozen men wUh, the, fires of the
furnace , blazing In; their; faces, laboring 'to
keep; alive the; substance that 1 now waa
"completing ; the ; torture _ of :a* terrifying
£^ iL^U uj* HANKPGIVIXG DAY ha*
T {t passed Into the history of
|1 San Francisco as a day of
£ horror. While the people of
g the city were in the midst
i <{ the festivities with
¦"^ which they marked their
celebration of an occasion
cf thanks to Providence.
dokth'came upon thorn in Its most, horrify
.lug form.- Just as the great football game
between Stanford aivl Berkeley started
yesterday aTlPrnoon. hundreds of people
were hurloj through a roof down to tor
ture, torment and dpath. Just as cheer
Ijpon cheer can.e from thousand* of
throaifc. in the groat arena where the coi-
Ipglaf: contest was about to begin, and
Jutt a? flags were waving, men were
cheering, women were en their feet ap
plauding the rival athletes, hundreds of
men tveie plunging through the air not a
clone's throw away.
They fell upon the white-hot furnace
that was blazing with its fires in the
newly erected establishment of the San
Fianci=co and Pacific Glass Works. As
the cheers arose in tremendous volume
from Kecreatlon Park, there was the
sound cf rumbling thunder from across
the ctreet and the shrieks # of men and
boys precipitated down to death. It was,
perhaps, the most horrifying accident that
ever happened in San Francisco.
It threw a pall of sadness over the great
fettival of the day and cast the city Into
a gloom which could not be dispelled.
Thousands of men and women thronged
around the place where the dread accident
had happened. Hundreds of men gave
their help to thoEe who were burned and
had been tortured in their fall fr^m the
roof. Thrr* were the shout.« a:xl cries of
the police, the piteous appeal of weeping
women and excited men, the hurrying con
fusion of wagons, ambulances, carriages
and any vehicle that could be brought into
command. People, frantic in terror and
dread apprehension, fled from the place
to e©ek information at the various hospi
tals ar.d at the city's house of the dead.
Great thrones gathered around the va
rious hospitals long before the stretchers
bearing: the wounded, the dying, and, !n
*ome Instances, the dead, arrived. Emcr
c-ncy calls were sent to the Fire De
partment and to the police; physicians
summoned from every part of the
<"Hy, and San Francisco closed the^ day.
upon * hlch it was to give its' thanksgiv
ing to Providence in the dread pf .'death
atnJ the gloom of despair, .intensified' by
uncertainty. When the u^ole dreadful
*tory had been told, when disfigured, mu
|^!«.ted. charred bodies had been placed in
iKirritying array at the Morgue,*,, when
I Tlests and ministers of God had said their
la*: words of comfort over. dying men
inree Hundred Men and Boys Are Hurled Headlong Through the Roof of
the San Francisco and Pacific Glass Works Down Upon a Furnace.
KILLED 13 DEATH REAPS A DREAD HARVEST OF
LIVES AND PLUNGES CITY INTO GLOOM 78 INJURED
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 183.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN ; FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, NOV^EMBER|-30^ 1900:
5Ci iNt IN IHE FACTORY WHEN THE ROOF GAVE WAY WITH ITS BURDEN OF HUMANITY.
r' ', " Continued on Second Pass.
TERRIBLE ROSTER OF DEAD AND INJURED.
The San Francisco Call.At 8 o'clock last night the thoroughfare
in front of the Southern Pacific Hospital
at : Fourteenth and Mission streets was
impassable.- It was black with agonized
men and women. They pleaded in vain to
be admitted to the hospital, where in ev
ery i room -there was some ; suffering being
who was paying his price, for seeing the
football game. . The accident happened at
2:30 o'clock. : - Within fifteen minutes after
that a man with blood-stained hands ap
peared : at the hospital; and asked assist
ance. * In his insane^ excitement he ; was
barely,, able to tell , the single. doctor, in at
tendance that a terrible accident' had hap
pened and ; assistance [ was ',' needed. . ' The
physician in J charge instantly telephoned
for- the<;entire staff of .; physicians and
nurses. ¦ and within" half an'hourthe'hos-
. In an hour there was nothing In the
place to tell of the terrible accident ex
cept the gaping opening in the roof, the
broken r rafters, the twisted, stanchions
and the blood-stained floor. Nurses, phy
sicians and the Coroner had come and
gone, v and San Francisco was beginning
to know of the most horrifying accident an
the history of its people. When the ter
rible event had become generally known
in the city terror reigned. Thousands
upon thousands of people had a right -to
fear that some one dear to them, had met
death. Every hospital" was surrounded by
black masses of, people, kept back by: the
police. There "was weeping and pleading
and threatening^ for the privilege of en
tering and inspecting the- wounded" and
dying until far, into the night, when the
names and Identity of the wounded .and
dead had been established. '
gj It was an appalling sight. The news
of the disaster had spread with the rapid
ity of wildfire." Thousands in eager, dread
ing anticipation begged the privilege of
getting • near so that they might satisfy
and rest their minds that their loved ones
were, not among those of the dead.
Mounted policemen beat back the crowd,
and now and again the silence of the
dreadful place was broken by the echoing
cheers from the field where the university
athletes were striving for victory. l Punc
tuating >•' the groans and the .occasional
shriek j of . some man or boy were the
shouts of people who knew nothing of
the death that was so near to- them.
All haste and all endeavors were made
to obtain assistance; Messages were sent
to the County Hospital, to St. Luke's Hos
pital .and to the Southern Pacific Hos
pital; doctors were summoned, the Cor
oner was notified, and physicians from
every part of the city were Importuned
to come in all haste to the place. Ve
hicles of every description were pressed
into service to carry the unfortunate ven
turesome • men and ! boys to the various
hospitals. Express wagons bore away
their burdens of suffering beings. Car
riages were given up by indulgent own
ers. Men on horseback lifted up uncon
scious boys and_carried them where
medical aid' might be obtained.
event. So great was the heat of this fur
nace that perspiration streamed from
the faces of the workmen, and as the
thundering crash came and human bodies
were flying downward through the air to
death and tormenting injury these men
stood aghast. . - • ,•
They were paralyzed in horror and'no*
before the clothing of those' upon the
furnace was burning und their cries of
agony were sounding through the place
did they recover sense enough to act. .One
by one they dragged the suffering creat
ures from the furnace to the concrete
floor of the building.. Quickly the fire was
put out from their clothes. One by ono
the unfortunate victims of the disaster
were laid upon the floor until more than
sixty, the dead with the dying, those that
were writhing in the very ecstacy.of pain
and those that were still In insensibility,
were side by side. *
cers to the scene. Mounted Officer J. A.
Hayes was'among the first on the scene,
and he. procured a ladder, with which he
took ' down a number of men Who "were
clinging to a broken rafter in the front of
the building.
• "From Information later received I am
satisfied that some one collected money
to -permit some of the <crowd to get
through the -gates or over the adjoining
fences. My men are now Investigating, a
report that a sign offering seats for sale
was posted on one of the fences, and that
it disappeared after the accident. We are
also looking for several parties who claim
to have known of this practice."
SYMPATHY FOR. OOM .,
PAUL KRUGER IS VOTED
Resolution Is Adopted With Tre
mendous- Cheering by • the
, French Chamber of Dsputies
PARIS, Nov. 29.— In the Chamber .of
Deputies to-day M. Cochery, the acting
president" of the body, announced -that
M. Denys Cochin, Conservative, ' repre
senting, a district of the Seine, had pre
sented an, interpellation as to the inten
tions of the Government regarding arbi
tration in favor of the Boers.
¦ The Minister of Foreign Affairs, M. Del
casse, replied that there was no use in
opening a debate on this subject, as In
foreign policy, especially, such discus
sions were useless and often dangerous.
At.M. Cochery's request, M. Denys
Cochin withdrew his interpellation and
proposed the following motion:
"The Chamber of Deputies on. the oc
casion of the arrival of the President of
the Transvaal in France, is happy to ad
dress, to him a sincere expression of its
respectful sympathy."
M. Cochery then announced. that he had
received another motion from*M. Four
niere. Socialist, representing one of the
Alsne divisions, couched In the following
terms:. -.' .'.
. " 'The Chamber of Deputies, while ex
pressing sympathy for English Demo
cracy ' "¦••¦-. • '
Here the reading of the motion was In
terrupted by loud protests, but M, Coch
ery proceeded: '• • .
" 'Sends its greeting to President Kru
ger.' " •
Continuing, M. Cochery begged tho
Chamber to refrain from demonstrations,
which, he said, could be badly interpre
ted. - He also asked that a vote- be taken
without any. discussion. . ,
The motion of M. Denys Cochin was
then adopted unanimously and the 559
voters cheered when, the result was an
nounced.
M. Fourniere, after declaring- that the
democracies of , all countries were - ani
mated; by the ¦- same pacific sentiments,
withdrew his own -.motion. .'¦. '••¦ ¦¦¦"
: Mr. Kruger will leave here Saturday for
Cologne. Tha hour of his departure has
not been fixed. He will remain at Cologne
over Sunday and »est. On Monday ho
will go to Madgeburg and thence to Ber
lin, .where he, expects to arrive Tuesday
morning. • . ' •
Mr. Kruger passed the day receiving a
number of deputations. Including delega
tions from the Chamber of Deputies, who
after. the vote in the Chamber immediate
ly proceeded to the Hotel Scribe and com
municated it to him. Mr. Kruger, who
was much touched, warmly shook hands
with the Deputies. . ;
A Man of Mystery.
One of the .oddest /characters in this
great city died yesterday ; in. the person
of Dr. Henry Moreton, a man of msytery,
graduate of a Paris college, seventy years
a practitioner , here and . for.? decades ¦ a
physician of the Four Hundred, writes the
New York correspondent of the . Pittsburg
¦ Dispatch.- The ¦ late • Mrs. Paran . Stevens
was^nder his care for years.* He former
ly ran a queer little drug store, but since
1S84 it has stood idle,;Wlth dust and cob
webs on'- the bottles; and shelves. "In this
quee-r .abode' the doctor spent the- time a
recluse, surrounded, by. his early ; century
medical books and 1 a- gaunt gray cat as his
only companion. .When asked why he let
a. valuable drug, store r stand' idle, so: long
he would reply: \"I keep It for the cat.
All the elements of a.romahtlc novel were
lnhiB life. He; received an annuity from
a noble estate In England; and 1 just be
fore^ his. death he destroyed; a bundle of
! papers which were kept in a secret draw
er in his .cabinet.,- Many: times his fash
ionable patients asked- curious ' questions
regarding himself, but no one knows his
story.. ,,.... . ....
Nations Not .Unhappy.
There remain 1 in v Europe -four nations
The horror ot the tragedy .-came to
Charles - Yotz, Clarence Jeter, Tom Sim
mons, Tom Halllnan and'. William Burke,
tenders- of the furnace,. -tenfold.' They
heard v the last groans. of the dying/the
cries of the maimed, and saw'all'the
ghastly scenes of this act of death. Yotz
was standing peering into ' the molten
mass under his. charge, when the ventlla
torgave way-above him.". He sprane'back
Workmen Save Many From Death, by
Fire and Drag Bodies From Flames..
TENDERS AID THE DYING.
On top of the furnace, where still played
the oil blasts, shreds of flesh scorched
and' sputtered.' Iron braces stretching
from -one side of the furnace to the other
-were bent -and. twisted,' buckets were
turned to shapeless masses of iron, boxes
were crushed and broken, and everywhere
throughout "the..' factory were mute evi
dences of. the tragedy.; '•¦.
Josepn Gumper, "who 'resides at 1013
Green street, was among'those on the roof
who escaped falling. He hurried below
into the furnace-room, and was among the
first to go to the assistance of the in
jured.
"There were over fifty -- persons either
deaJ or injured lying among the wreckage
when I got down." he said. "I helped pii 1
tome cf the victims from t He top of the
furnace and did all I could for the wound
ed until the police arrived and drove me
and others bark to the lines. Xo man can
describe the scene of horror. They fell in
a mass. None nad a chance for life not
even those who caught the broken beam.
It slowly gave way beneath the weight
upon it. and had those whom It held r for
a moment failed to Velase their hold its
•wright would have been added to theirs
and the list of dead would' have been
greater. As it was, those who fell from
the broken timber, with the- exception of
one or two escaped Instant death, though
all were frightfully wounded. .
"Blood was everywhere, but even those
who fear to Bee death coming, to. those
of their, kind and to whom the sight of
blocd Is a horror would not have left the
scene. All worked with • frenzied haste,
and for this' many escaped death who
otherwise would have roasted alive on the
furnace."
It was behind this iron band that many
of the victims were caught and' neld' until
relief by rescue or death came to- them.
(Four-inch timbers, supporting the plat
form frame that surrounds the furnace,
were crushed by the falling bodies, and
here and- there blood clots, bits of flesh
and even splintered bones showed where
death or frightful injury had come to one
of the many unfortunates.
Iron Bands Hold Victims to the Heat
Until Aid Arrives.
IMPRISONED ON THE FURNACE.
Some who had fallen uppermost and es
caped practically uninjured rushed terror
stricken from the scene. The maimed and
bleeding victims of the tragedy who had
fallen away from the furnace to the
sanded floor lay or sat or kneeled and
with hands before their faces shut out
the terrible scene of death. Around the
vaulted fire pit an iron band, strong
enough to resist the efforts of the gen
erated gas to burst the furnace walls
apart, was bent and twisted by the weight
of falling bodies.
Begrimed workmen, at fir.st appalled by
the ghastly tragedy, soon rushed to »he
aid of the injured and "to care for the
dead. Burning bodies were dragged from
the furnace top and cast aside that the
living rnipht be rescued. All the while
far up under the gable a terrible fight for
ltfe was being fought. .Half a. score. of
men and boys, whose plunge toward-death
had been stopped for the instant by a
broken girder, hung to its broken end.
Slowly it" bent beneath the weight, upon
it until the palsied hands of, the victims
were loosed and they plunged seventy
feet below to swell the list of dead and
maimed. ' _
of the maimed, as they writhed In agony
to escape the torture of the inferno be
neath, there mingled the sickly odor of
burning flesh that grew crisp in the blasts
from the seething furnace, i And dead
eves, with those of the living, looked
blankly on every scene of horror.
About on every side lay the crushed
and mangled slain. From the features
of some, distorted by the agonies that
followed death, the blood trickled to form
dark clots In their own shadows, but
more awful than all was the scene atop
the furnace. Like a fire srap the iron
bands that stretched around held its vic
tims to the death-giving heat. ' One body,
dead from concussion from the fall, rolled
down the slope of the furnace top and
passed beneath the blow flame, whose
heat turned the sand beneath to molten
glass. Slowly the hissing shaft of flame
ate its way through the flesh of the un
fortunate beneath, and the flesh still
quivered, for even death resented such
cruel torture. . . • •- •
Ventilator Gives Way and Crowd
• Plunges to Death and Injury.
Down into the pit of the great- factory
on the vaulted top of "the glpwlng fur
nace fell most of this mass 'of humanity.
W:th the shrieks of the- living, the cries.
th«» jgroans. the curges.and; the pleadings
DETAILS OF THE TRAGEDY.
«tp=*v EATH rode the mighty wave of
\\ enthusiasm that greeted the
/ 1 fl I*>ning of the game. Up to the
'*¦ sf hour when the shrill pipe of the
referee's whistle called- the
teams: to line, silence reigned in and
about the glass works, save for the muf
fled cough of the escape pipes of the east
furnace, whose capping glowed red from
the molten mass within. Through the
gates and over the fence of the glass
¦works, square, which incloses the block
bounded by Harrison and Folsom, Four
teenth and Fifteenth streets, a crowd,
eager to witness the intercollegiate con
test, surged and hurried toward the fac
tory.
Many youngsters, spurred by the enthu
siasm cf youth, reached the building,
found moans of access to the roof and
were seated astride the ventilator before
the manaKement of the factory was aware
of the rush to gain points of vantage on
top of the building. An attempt was
made when the rush was discovered to
prevent other expectant pleasure seekers
from gaining the roof. Workmen were
called from the furnaces and, armed with
bars, made strenuous efforts to stay the
human tide, but without result. Boys and
men. some young, others near middle age
fought for positions on the roof. Oyer an
insecure plank laid from a building in
course of construction, the heights of
which wfre gained by means of the build
ers' ladders, to the factory proper the
enthusiasts hurried, while others impa
tient to see the game climbed the damper
chains of the chimney or scaled from
brace to brare to the roof. Warnings,
threats and pleadings, curses and prayers
failr-d to convey jo them the danger of
' their position.
Convinced of the ust-lessness of further
efforts on thHr part to dislodge the c»ccu
p; r.ts of the roof, the management of the
plaKs works sought the aid of the police.
\N hile they were still searching for ofli
«•[? and just as the first bravos came
echoing from the field, the great.ventilat
or pave way with a thunderous roar be
neath the weight of hundreds of eager
human beings, whose shouts of gladness
*.-<-re turned In an instant to cries of hor
ror or stilled in death.
lieutenant of- Police Anderson had
charge of the police .squad of sixty men
which was detailed for, duty by. Chief Sul
livan at the football game. : Of these forty
were placed inside the grounds- and twen
ty, including 'a number -of the mounted
policemen, were; detailed to* patrol the
suVrounding streets. : "
-"It was Just after the game had start
ed," said Lieutenant 'Anderson, "that I
heard a crash and 'an' agonized 'roar that
I shall never, forget. '"¦'•I was standing talk
ing to Chief Sullivan, V Captain* Wltfman
and anumDer of, officers", and we, rushed
together from the grounds. • I got through
the crowd,.- saw -what the difficulty ; was ¦
and ¦ immediately telephoned for,* all -j. the'
patrol wagons "and .'ambulances -' I ; could
got. -The outside f men,; officers 'off "duty
who were viewing the game and hundreds
of willing helpers were soon< oh' theJ scene
and assisted in. carlngt for the dying and
the dead. :¦ I suppose that .within ten min
utes after the accident I . had. fully .. forty
men at my disposal- ,-, In the^ mean time an
alarm of. fire was rung; in; and the,mem
bers of- the various companies s responding
aided -the police-, in ¦rendering, assistance.
As fast as the patrol \ wagons,'; buggies,
hacks and other.^vehlcles/came^up •. they
were ' pressed into service and fas .many of
the Injured: as- required treatment, were
sent to the various hospitals., ...- .
".While we .were doing. this- a; telephone
message was received : by, Sergeant Perrin
• at. the Seventeenth-streetstation,Tand:he
jordered Offlcer^Whlte, who was >o:r.the
desk." to go out- and Bend" all available offl-
ures Taken to Succor .Injured.
"One body, fell right there beside me,"
he said, polritingto aelot of blood that
lay near the head of the furnace. "An
other dropped right between the furnace
and, the oil blast and the flame had eaten
almost through its very vitals when . I
found my strength and was able to drag
It away. They fell all around us. wa3
awful! I cannot picture : the scene. My
memory has retained scenes I shall never
forget, though now their j details are
clouded in my mind. Their horror has
dulled my mind, but I suppose they will
come back: In the night, X guess, when I
would forget them, they will come back
and I will live through all this horror
again." *
A young man, who refused to give his
address even to the surgeons who treated
him, also told a story, tragic in its de
tail. • • , -¦
"I felt myself falling," he 'said, "then I
felt the heat of what 1 now know was the
glass furnace. 'Then 'consciousness -¦ left
me and I lay in a stupor I do not know
how long: When I regained consciousness
I was lying on the ground. My head hurt
me and I was unable to stand, • but *I
turned over on my side. As I turned 'I
looked Into the open eyes of a dead man.
His face was bloody and distorted and his
glum eyes were fixed on mine. ..A feeling
of fear and horror crept over. me. ' : **..•.¦
"I tried to turn again, but my strength
was gone. I screamed, for.' help, I felt
that I would go mad lying beside the dead.
I closed my eyes , only ; to open them
again. I was fascinated— fascinated with
fear, and there I % lay. it seemed- to me an
age — they tell me about fifteen 'minutes—
until the police picked me up. and carried
me to the ambulance.". " ,
Such was the scene of this appalling
tragedy. All- of the terrible details .: will
never be known. Those who witnessed
the tragedy say -this is well, for some
things are better untold.
GOOD "WORK : OF THE POLICE.
Lieutenant Anderson Tells of Meas-
Until Belief Arrives.
Yotz, his face ashen from his awful ex
perience, • told his story. ;
Young Man Lies Facing Dead Body
just In time to escape being caught in the
falling mass of humanity. .
For an instant he was helpless, but just
before him on the furnace there, lav a
body the flame from the oil blower eat
ing its way. through the flesh. Yotz
sprang forward and, saining a. hold on the
burning, clothing that, covered the deitd.
dragged' the body over \ha iron jruard out
oil the sanded floor. Simmons, Halli
nan. Burke and Jeter also hurried to the
rescue. The blast from the furnace, was
turned off, but save. eliminating the dan
ger of direct contact wth the flames this
precaution was unnecessary.
The volcanic heat from the~~ furnt.ee
seared the flesh of the victims and.lt was
only by an act of providence that the
thin brick capping did not give way. be
neath the shock of the falling bodies and
turn them to ashes in the molten glass
within. These live tenders of the furnace
worked until the last victim had been 're
moved to a place of safety. It was not
until then that the full . horror of the
tragedy dawned upon them.
?
STATEMENTS OF WITNESSES.
Eager to See Football Game Crowd Defies Owners of Glass forte and Pights Its Way to Top of Ventilator,
Which Crushes Beneath the Weight-Charred Bodies Lay Among the Maimed.
which continue to make history— namely,
England, France, Germany and • Russia.
According- to Montesquieu they ought to
be unhappy; it is a moot question whether
they are. England's contribution to the
record of the world's doings has been dur
ing the last twelve months a pretty con
siderable one; yet the most prejudiced ob
server would Jail to see any signs of de
pression among us. During that period
Russia and Germany have been revising
and amplifying their history rather than
adding new chapters to it; they also do
not appear very low spirited.— London
News.
of the glass works had aold tickets of ad
mission. This report upon Investigation
could not be translated Into a fact.
There is no evidence to show that any
body in authority at the glass works,
either a proprietor or an employe, per
mitted any one to enter the grounds or
sought the patronage of anybody for so
dangerous a place on the roof. The evi
dence seems to be conclusive that the
hundreds of men and boys clambered at
their own hazard to the roof of the build- «
ing and were hurled headlong to their
death upon the furnace below.
pltal was able to meet the terrifying
emergency.
When the wagons and carriages and
ambulance began to arrive everything
was in readiness. Patients In the hospital,
crippled, ill to the last degree, hurried
from room to room, hastening with their
blankets and their pillows to places where
the Injured could be received. More than
thirty-five men and boys were carried
into that hospital, and even under the sad
circumstances it is a congratulation that
the officers, physicians and nurses of the
Southern Pacific Hospital performed a
service so thoroughly and so conscien
tiously. They deserve a tribute from the
people of the city.
In this accldeflt. in which a dozen people
have lost their lives and several score
have.been dangerously wounded, the ques
tion of who is to blame arose instantly.
When the accident became known Mayor
Phelan went without delay to the scene
of the disaster and made every possible
investigation, interviewing the proprie
tors, the managers, the superintendent
and the workmen. He went then to the
various hospitals and interviewed those
who had been injured. The police, under
the direction of Chief of Detectives Sey
mour, made a similar investigation, and
their opinion is that those who met dis
tress and death- have themselves to blame.
It was reported that one of the watchmen
The Heart of a Marquis.
The Marchioness of Bute, with her only
daughter. Lady Margaret Crichton-
Stuart, are en route for Palestine. They
have with them the heart of the late Mar
quis of Bute, for burial on Mount Olivet
in accordance with the desire of the de
ceased nobleman. The heart of King
Robert the Bruce, who was an ancestor
of the Marquis of Bute, was conveyed by
a Douglas for burial in the Holy Land
Special permission was given by the Pope
of the day to allow it to be extracted
from the body, according to the King's
request. A lee*rid says tha.t th«» party
were attacked bv the Saracens in Spain"
and in a battle Douglas flung the casket
containing his charge into the mlriUt of
the enemy, crying. "Onward as thou wert
wont, thou noble heart: Douglas will fol
low thee." The gallant chieftain was
killed, but Brace's heart was subsequent
ly recovered and taken to Melrose Abbey,
where it was Interred.— London Mj»!I.
CARRIAGES, AMBULANCES AND WAGONS CARRIED AWAY THE INJURED, THE DYING AND THE DEAD
VICTIMS OF TRAGEDY PLUNGE TROUGH SPACE TO DEATH ON SEETHING FURNACE
THE S^N vFRI^N CISGO i OAIjJLV Jj'KIOA .Y, NOVEMBER 3O, 1 9OO*
Continued From First Page.
DEATH REAPS A DREAD HARVEST OF LIVES.
. - Stops - the . Cough
rAnrt - works off 'the - Cold.' Laxative - Bromo
'QuininevTableta cure a ; cold. in one. day. : No
Cure.' No Pav. Pric« 25 cents. ¦•' , — • -;•-'
2
\T) KEARNY.ST.
ifjL . . TilURLOW BLOCK.,
We handle the celebrated
Stein-Bloch & Co.'s,
Hackett, Carhart & Co.'s
Stylish Clothes.
You can do much
better here in both
fit and price. y
Exclusive
Higii=Qrade
Clothiers
If you want to go
to a real swell tailor
and have your clothes made—
that's right;
but. if you intend going
to the other kind,
come here first
and try on Bome of our clothes.
(CMAS. KEILUS & CO.)
T . - — — »• ¦
¦Ja _, ** e are having a sale-of 50c neckties, but the sale price is 25c JpS
tfi They are a lot of ill silk tecks and bows — silk lined, up-to-date— HS
|i which we purchased from' a manufacturer, who" made them up to jjm
h| - sell for 50c each. We bought in big quantities and by making f|9
'-M The ties are in our Geary-street windows— you" can see for P T^is over and the cardinal team victorious,
talk of a Christmas meet between Stan
ford and one of the "big four" teams is
current. The men who met Berkeley yes
terday are anxious to measure swords
with the best that the Eastern gridiron
can produce, and the football manage
ment is just as willing to give them the
opportunity.
Manager Gildersleeve has already cor
responded .with the Harvard, Princeton
and- Pennsylvania managers and has re
ceived a part'al acceptance of his offer
from the representative of the crimson. It
is likely that the Harvard team will be
brought out. If Harvard should accept
It is likely that two games will be played
between the two big teams, the first one
in San Francisco on Christmas day and
the' second in Los Angele'e on New Year's
day.
A). representative of the Los Angeles
Athletic Club has been at Stanford dur
ing the past week in conference with Man
ager Gildersleeve and Ccach Yost, and has
assured them that the Los Angeles public
is anxious to neo. a good game of the na
tional college sport ard is willing to in
sure the necessary gate receipts. He will
remain In the north until the matter Is
finally decided, which will be within the
next week or ten days.
If the Stanford team should line up
against Harvard during the holidays it
would put up a much stronger team than
opposed Berkeley yesterday. "Giant"
Gregory, the freshman special, who was
not eligible to meet the blue and gold un
der the athletic agreement between the
two colleges, would be put in at the snap
back position. -He would greatly stiffen
the center trio, as he-is easily the strong
est man on the coast at his position'
Ralph Fisher, the dashing half, who was
out of to-day's march on account; of a
shoulder blade broken over a month ago,
would again be in condition. His presence
on Slaker's right .would add speed and
force to. the. backs. ;
STANFORD IS EAGER TO
MEET HARVARD MEN
Cardinal Eleven, Flushed With Vic-*
tory, Desires to Gain More
Laurels on Gridiron.
Now that- the big Thanksgiving match
The lazy man's bed Is too short for him
because he is too long in It.
SHORTLY after it became known
that many had been killed and in
jured hundreds of anxious moth
ers and fathers hurried to the
Morgue and with trembling lips
inquired if their children were among the
dead. For a tjjne Merchant street, where
the Morgue is situated, was blocked with
people, the majority of whom tearfully
and fearfully waited for the list of the
dead to be given out. As the Morgue wag
ons brought in the bodies of victims of
the catastrophe the crowd of anxious
parents and relatives surged around the
vehicles, momentarily" expecting to view
the mangled remains of their loved ones.
In order to facilitate the work of receiv
ing the dead the Coroner and the depu
ties opened the new Morgue on Dunbar
alley, the old quarters being wholly in
adequate for the purpose. In a short
time the slabs in both places were occu
pied by victims of the awful accident. .
The lirst to be taken to the Morgue was
William H. Eckfeld, aged 12 years, and
who resided at 1&20 Howard street. His
mangled body was conveyed there In u
grocer's wagon. As the Coroner's depu
ties tenderly lifted his bleeding body
trom nit; wagon many of the motley
crowd were forced to turn away. A short
time atterward the father of the unfor
tunate boy appeared at the city's dead
house ana Inquired if his. son's name wtfs
among the list oi the dead. He was al
lowed inside,, and alter viewing the
bodies ol several of the victims he sud-
Ueniy recognized the Distorted tace of nia
oitspring.
"Aiy L,od, it is Willie!" he cried, bury
ing his race in his nands; "he promi*otl
me mat he would not go io the game."
io tne ueputies me distracted father
sala that he had warned his son not to
try to see tne game, as he was likely to
get injured.
"TVhy did he not heed my advice?"
tearfully asked the grief-stricken parent
of the sympathetic onlookers. "Oh, if he
hail not left the house he would have
Deen spared to me."
Raising the sheet that had been placed
over tnt body, Eckfeld gazed on the face
of his chiid and passionately kissed his
battered lorehead.
"1 wi.'i soon follow him," sadly remark
ed EcKfeUl, as he left the Morgue; "this
awful aftair nas broken my heart."
A few minutes later the body of Edgar
Fairhaven, aged 9 years, was brought in.
His skull had been fractured and he had
been internally injured. He was identi
ried by a relative, who, on learning of the
accident, went to the Morgue to rind the
little fellow's body occupying a slab.
. The bodies of William Valencia and
Thomas Rippon were next brought In.
Rippon's skull was fractured and his
body frightfully mangled. A number of
his friends visited the Morgue .and gazed
with tear-stained faces on the remains of
their former companion. Valencia was
a grandson of the illustrious capitalist
of that name and after whom Valencia
street v.-as named.
By means of some papers found In his
pockets the remains of James A. Mul
roney were identified. It Is claimed that
he had recently arrived here from Spo
kane, Washington.
Charles Graber identified the body of
Mette Van Dyk. He informed the Coro
ner that Van Dyk. or Van Dura, as he
was sometimes known, arrived in this city
from Nome a short time ago. Since com
ing here he had been living with friends
on Jones street, between Geary and
O'Farrell. Talleyrand Harwell, aged IS
years, was the next to be identified. He
lived at 212 Utah street with his parents.
His mangled body was- identified by hla
brother. ¦ • . ,
The body of ¦ Charles Monaghan, aged 30
years, was identified by some papers
which were found In his pockets. It Is
supposed that he lived In Santa Clara, as
there was a check found on him which
had been drawn on the Santa Clara Bank.
. Robert Miller, aged 15 years, another ol
the unfortunate victims, was identified by
a friend. The boy was employed as a
messenger In the store of Nathan, Dohr
mann & Co.. and was held In high esteem
by his employers.
' Moses Ottenstein. who was also killed,
was a cripple. He lived at 923 Folsom
street. His body was horribly mangled.
The last of ihe^victims to be taken tc
the Morgue were Leon Girard. aged li
years and Virgil Newby. aged 16 years, ol
407 Capp street. They both died in th«
Receiving ' Hospital. .
Under the direction of Chief . Deputy
Coroner Peter. McCormack the grewsome
work of caring for the dead was per
formed. A few minutes after the dis
aster' happened" McCormack. was on ths
scene, and at once summoned all, of his
assistants and pressed , every available
conveyance into services -
As soon as the dead could be taken
from the mass of mangled humanity the
chief deputy requested Chief of Police
Sullivan to detail an officer ; to assist In
searching the i victims' effects. Lleuten-
Japan requ!res T that the note be amend
ed by stipulating that China shall erect
a monument to the murdered Sugyama
her Chancellor of Legation.
A French detachment Is on the frontier
of Shansi, west of Chingting, preparing
to start for Taiyun-Fu, an operation not
calculated to encourage the court to re
turn to Peking.
M. de Glers, Russian Minister, who had
previously assented to the terms of the
conjoint- note, including the death penalty
clause, has new intimated to the Chinese
envoys that Russia, ever actuated 'by a
sincere friendship for China, will insist
cither upon the revision of the death pen
alty clause, substituting a provision that
the guilty shall be punished by the Chi
nese In a manner acceptable to the pow
er?, or that the terms of the note shall not
be Irrevocable, but may be modified by
negotiations with the Chinese envoys.
Russia has thus again proclaimed how
farcical Is the so-called concert. The
Chinese envoys are kept well informed re
garding the discussions and disputes of
the Ministers at* their meetings. So inti
mate, indeed, are. the relations of Li
Hung Chang with the Russians that there
Is no reason why he should not be invited
to attend the conferences of the Minis
ters.
LONDON. Nov. 20.— Dr. Morrison, wir
ing to the Times from Peking yesterday
says:
in the Negotiations.
Now Professing Friendship for China
RUSSIA'S DOUBLE POLICT.
ant Anderson accordingly" superintended
this work, and he receipted for the prop
erty taken from each corpse.
At *. he . Mor sue the work of handling the
crowd of people that viewed the bodies
for the purpose of identification was ex
cellently managed, and highest praise
for the deputies who acted with such
promptness in the emergency wa3 heard
on every hand.
Pathetic Scenes at Morgue When Parents
Recognize Remains of Their Offspring.
SORROWING RELATIVES
IDENTIFY THE DEAD
The names of all but two of the victims
that came to the hospital were learned
One was unconscious and suffering from
ccr.cusslon of the brain. He was after
ward-sent to the Receiving Hospital. The
other died within a few minutes after- en
tering the building and his body was sent
to the Morgue.
One of the patients was Albert Loux,
whose back was badly wrenched. He
was tried some time ago for the stabbing
of D. Harney, a messenger boy. He was
sent to his home at 1105 Mason street. Ed
ward Gunley. father, and Edward Gun
ley, sen. lay side by side, the father with
a wrenched back and his face cut and
bleeding, and the son with the right
shoulder broken. They were taken home
to 3035 Alabama street. The other suffer
ers at the hospital were George Campbell
455 Tenth street, internal injuries, not
necessarily fatal; Robert Harrison, a
grown man from Sunnyslde and formerly
from Kansas, probably fatal internal in
juries; Ellery Crandall. a boy, 1104 Mar
ket street, leg and arm broken; Fred
Hartnan, Shipley street, injured inter
nally; John Haser of Cypress Lawn, head
cut and bruised; . Theodore Baker XW
Twentieth street, wrist and leg cut-
George Pelle, 933 Jackson street, injury
to the chest; Fred Bull winkle. 203 San
chez street, slight: George C. Miller 317
Tenth street. fell on top of oth
ers and received but slight Injuries-
Arthur Oustsen. 837 Thirteenth street*
legs and back cut and bruised; Eddie
Howe, 817 Valencia street, shoulder and
thigh, severe; Joseph Bowen. 42, Norfolk
street, cuts and contusions,- slight- W K
Grant, 145 South Park, arms and legs
slight; Otto Burmeister. 920 Alabama
street, slight: W^ter Griffin. 924 Folsom
street, chest, severe; Ellis Crandell 1104
Market street, back, chest and legs'- W
Connolly. 1929 Howard street; chest and
legs: J. Howell, 847 Valencia, severely in
jured internally; George Marshall 617
Jones street, slight; Peter Carroll, Thir.1
and Folsom, severe; Harold Palmer 'W
Hyde. 'fatal; Albert Gurcke, fi62 Lag'una
severe: Leon Doyle, slight, taken home
by his father; George Heuser. Dore and
Bryant streets; George Morshead 614
Jones, arm broken; D'Arcy Cashin. 1607
Taylor street, dislocated shoulder; B P
Lee. face and head cut. . slight;- Henrv
Meyer. 1759 Howard street, severe: Bert
Carroll. Folsom and Ritch streets/Inter
nal, severe; George Woods, 341 Minna, Be
vere; Fred Hartwell. Shipley = street, se
vere: Charles Henry Cummings, 1012 Page
street, severely injured internally, taken
home by his father- ¦ .;.-.,-
House Surgeon Thomas D. Maher and
staff at the City and County .Hospital-did
noble work succoring the injured. The
patients were distributed all over the
hospital wherever a spare bed ; could ;• be
found. The nurses, also did -' everything
they could for, the comrort of the wound
ed. Those treated here were as follows :
Among the visitors was Mayor Phelan.
He encouraged the surgeons in their ef
forts and inquired as to whether they
needed assistance. The only complaint
made was regarding the slowness of the
ambulances to res-pond' to the calls to take
the wounded to their homes after the sur
geons had attended to them. Dr. Gardner
said that it was always the case that the
ambulances were slow iu times of emer
gency.
These and like cries from children in
agony rent the air. Through it all went
mothers and sisters and fathers and
brothers, with white faces, tear bedewed,
stooping here to scrutinize the face of an
unconscious boy on the floor. "No, thank
God, It isn't Jimmy!" and then they went
on to the next and the next, and when
they came to the loved one even the cal
loused nurses and doctors, accustomed as
they were to such scenes, turned their
heads away. #
There were about a score of railroad
men In the building convalescing, anil
when the victims of the accident were
brought in. the brave, whole-hearted fel
lows hobbled down from their rooms on
their crutches, each with his pillow under
his arm to put under the head" of one of
the bleeding boys.
Mingling unostentatiously among the
crowd was a fine-looking, stalwart Roman
Catholic priest with curly hair and wear
ing the long black gown of his profession.
To such of the boys as he learned v.-ere of
his faith he administered such spiritual
consolation as the exigency of the case
see.med to demand. He was Father Allen
of St. Ignatius.
To one entering the hospital the scene
was that of a battle-field after a hand-to
hand encounter. Little boys in knee
breeches were laid on the floor all along
the length of the hall, some writhing with
pain and calling for mother and father,
others lying as though asleep with bloody
and blackened faces. The sitting-rooms,
the offices, the parlors, the operating
rooms were paved with these innocents,
suffering exponents of blood and pain.
Threading their way among these, step
ping over boys with broken legs and shat
tered arms, went the wh.te-aprjned nurses
and the white-gowned surgeons, picking
up one unconscious form after another
and bearing them into the operating
room. First-aid bandages were applied
by the nurses to the patients awaiting
their turn on the torture table. The air
was heavy with the strong odor of anti
septics. The visitor did not need to in
quire the way to the operating-room; he
could hear the suffering boys shrieking
for papa and mamma to take them away.
"Oh! my arm; Go away! You hurt me!
Mamma! mamma! take me home!"
structed the steps, they besieged the
doors, shrieking the names of their loved
ones and demanding admission. The po
lice who had been se_nt to the hospital to
assist In receiving the wounded were ob
liged to use their clubs to force a passage
through the crowd for the maimed vic
tims and their bearers. One young
woman, adown whose cheeks the tears
were streaming, was approached by a
small boy, who Informed her that he was
on the roof and he had seen her 12-year
old brother go down upon the red-hot
oven of molten glass. She moaned In
agony and sank to the sidewalk, and the
police picked her up and sent her away
in a hack.
Hacks, express wagons, police wagons,
butcher carts and almost every kind of
vehicle that happened to be near the
scene of the accident were pressed into
service to carry the patients to the hos
pital. When the unconscious forms were
being taken up the steps to the front
doors a crowd of several hundred people
gathered opposite the building. The great
er number of them were women, mothers
who had missed their sons, and sisters,
who ¦ feared .that r their., brothers;- were
among the unlucky, ones who had gone to
the roof of the glass works. They ob-
The first physician, to come to the as
sistance of Dr. Ogden was Dr. H. B.
Graham. Chief Surgeon Gardner -.came
next, and when the ambulances and other
vehicles bore to the door of the hospital
the bruised, battered and mangled boys
the entire corps was In readiness to re
ceive them. T+ie nurses. Misses May -Van
Vrankon, Fannie Keller. Lucy Keller.
Nellie Little. Minerva McPike. Annie Mc-
Dowell and Mrs. C. B. Lawton. donneJ
'ttielr white aprons and worked with a
will for four steady hours and until all
the sufferers had been attended to and
removed from the place.
Five minutes later a buggy drove up
with a man. the tendons of whose .eft
arm*were cut. His clothes were covered
with bleed and ho was on the point of
collapsing. Dr. Ggden and one of the
nurses bound up his wounds and he went
away without giving his name. Then ar
rived Dr. Matthew Gardner, chief - sur
geon of the hospital, and Drs. \V. J. Hen
nessy, W. J. Jackson, J. H. O'Connor,
Samuel J. Gardner and J. R. Laine of the
staff, and Drs. H. B. Graham. Burke.
Taylor and Anderson and Mrs. Dr. J. S.
Llnforth. outside physicians who came in
the name of humanity to assist the staff.
Virgil Newby. aged 16, residence 407
Capp street: fractured skull; died at 8:3t)
o'clock. Leon Girard, residence 41S Mis
sion street; fractured right arm. internal
injuries; died at 11 p. m. Hector McNeil,
aged 15, resident e 7G2 Post street; frac
tured skull; in a dying condition. Edward
Duggan. 514 Hermann street; fractured
skull: not expected to live. Jesse Cohn,
379 Capp street; contusion of left hip and
left- arm. John Brough. 1S35 Mission
street; fractured skull; not expected to
live. L. Rissmenn. 262 Harriet street;
both hands burned, sprained muscles of
the neck. Fred Garrehty. 104 Devisadero
street; fractured skull; internal injuries;
not expected to live. William Hanck. 1407
Folsom street: lacerated sralp. contused
back, burns on right arm: discharged
from the hospital. J. E. Bowes, 805 Leav
en worth street; lacerated wounds left
evebrow and eye; discharged. F. Cooper,
7i9 Post street; contused right foot; dis
charged from the hospital. V. Freechle,
1471 Kills street; portion of body and
hands burned: discharged from the hos
pital. Clarence Burns, 141* Ellis street;
contused wounds on head; discharged
from the hospital. 1>. A. McCauley, 511
Leavrnworth street; fractured arm: dis
charged from the hospital. Mark Tray
nor, 120.1 Mission street: burned right arm.
contused hip and ankle; discharged from
the hospital.
The admirable discipline at the South
ern Pacific Hospital was a noteworthy
feature. Only a few of the employes were
in the building at the time the first report
of the accident was received, but Dr. G.
W. Ogden quickly got them together.
A few minutes after the alarm of fire
had been sounded a young man. hl3 face
and hands scratched and bloody, rang the
front door bell and asked-for a doctor. Dr.
Ogden responded to the summons, and be
ing informed that several persons- had
been injured by the fall of a roof,, re
quested his visitor to sit down. The doc
tor went to the telephone and called up
the entire staff of the hospital. The visit
or refused to give his name, but after
his wounds were dressed, remarked:- "I've
got to get back in a hurry: I've some
friends over there lying on the oven, and
I want to get them out." He then shot
out of the door and that was the- last
seen of him.
All through the evening the Receiving
Hospital was enthronged by anxious in
quirers. Some called to visit the sick;
others were an:;ious parents looking in
vain for children that had not returned
home. Dr. Bunnell allowed relatives to
enter the wards and sit by the side of the
sufferers, but members of the morbid and
curious crowd that always collect at the
hospital on occasions of this kind were
not admitted. Every bed in the men's
ward was occupied and the groans and
screams of the sufferers were heart
breaking. Miss Rose Kane, Mrs. Swett
and Miss Hart, the regular female nurses
in thf hospital, moved from cot to cot
soothing the feverish patients and whis
pering words of encouragement to ail.
Even they were brought to tears at the
sad and pathetic scenes. They stood at
the bedsides of Girard and Newby and
closed the eyes of the lads when their
souls passed away, and reverently drew
white sheets over their crnelly disfigured
faces.
Up to a late hour the hospital register
showed the following:
long the boys' lives was to trephine their
skulls. They were placed on the table, but
after the operation Newby rapidly sank.
His father Frank Newby, heard of the
accident, and arrived at the hospital just
in time to see his boy before he died. The
mother had been sent for, but was not
in time to see her son alive.
McNeil was Identified by his uncle, who
happened in the hospital through the
merest chance. He thought the lad looked
like his nephew, and hurried for the boy s
mother. The poor woman was broken
hearted when she found her son uncon
scious. Mrs. McNeil had given Hector a
dollar with which to gain admission to
the game. The lad did not want to spend
the money, and took the opportunity of
witnessing the contest from the roof of
the building. The mother knelt at the side
of the- bed and kissed the lips of her boy
repeatedly, trying to woo him back to
consciousness, but the tender words fell
on deaf ears. Mrs. McNeil is only re
cently a widow, and her boy was her
only son. He died shortly after midnight.
A number of the injured went directly
to their residences and their Indentity
may never be made known to the public.
Among those who it is known wen?
treated at home are: riddle Holman, 847
Valencia street, serious contusion of head
and spine, and E. P. Tice of Alabama and
Sixteenth streets, left hip bone broken
and spine contused .
St. Mary's Hospital had two of the
victims— Walter Grifiln, with a fractured
leg, and Peter Carroll, whose head was
badly cut and bruised.
Lester Francis Prior, 717 Lydia street,
Oakland, strained back and many bruises;
Thomas G. Smith, 173 Albion avenue, com
pound fracture of leg: Thomas Baker, 3622
Twentieth street, broken collarbone, right
arm and shoulderblade; Walter Stewart,
173 Lexington avenue, compound fracture
of both lees.
St. Luke's Hospital also treated -a num
ber of the injured. They were as follows:
Percy Bagnall 16 years of age, 707 Ma
son street, both legs broken; Amos
Cheesman, residence unknown, both arms
broken; Harry Calahan, 17 years of age,
15 Scott street, both arms fractured,
Henry Clipper, 17 years oi age, 2014 Bry
ant street, fracture of arm; Leon Dollard,
17 years of age. 218 Chattanooga stree;,
wounded in neck and face and arm
sprained; Charles Fulton, 24 years of
age, 3 Hermann street, contused wound of
head and arm; Bert Harrison, 15 years of
age, residence unknown, internal injuries;
Claude Jackman, 12 years of age, 757?4
Howard street, fracture of wrist; Richard
Koch, IS years of age, 1<jO5 Folsom street,
sprained - ankle and internal Injuries;
Dante Monaco, 16 years of age, 301 Do
lores street, fracture of knee joint and
left arm; Cornelius McMann, 12 years of
age, 2611 Post street, fracture of left arm
and burns; Gustave Nordlund, 23 years
of age. sailor, residence unknown, dislo
cated arm and burns; Thomas Peddler,
25 years of age, "645Vi Stevenson street,
fracture of spinal column and contused
wound of head, may die;* Thomas H.
Parker. 13 years of age. 1531 Fifteenth
street, internal injuries and scalp wound;
Alfred Reed, 17 years of age, 1531 How
ard street, fracture of both arms and
contused wound of eye; Andrew Peterson,
13 years of age. 290 Shipley street. Internal
Injuries and fractured ribs; William
Swain, 19 years of age,- Potrero, fracture
of arms and face burnt; Isaiah Tread
well (colored), aged 18 years. S33 Geary
street, fracture of thigh and shock;
Charles Monahan, died; Fred F. Lillie,
21 years of age, 409 Mission street, frac
ture of skull, dangerous, will probably die;
Samuel Oppenheimer, unconscious, severe
Internal injuries and badly burned; John
Miel, 9 years of age. 3330 Twenty-third
street, fracture of skull, dangerous, will
probably die; Bert Harrison, 15 years of
age, Sunnyside. extensive burns on face
and fractured limbs.
THRONGS ASSEMBLED AS THE DEAD WERE TAKEN FROM THE PLACE OF FIERY TORMENT.
DYING AND INJURED TAKEN FROM FACTORY'S BIG FURNACE AND RAFTERS
"The Fire Department rendered mater
ial aid In controlling the crowd and par
ticularly In removing the injured from
the roof. Both firemen and police vied
with each other In doing noble work."
When both wagons from the Morgue ar
rived, it took all the receivers they had
to carry oil the dead, a large number
of hats were picked up and taken charge
of by the Coroner's deputies. And for an
hour or more they were busy gathering
the names of witnesses and endeavoring
10 establish the Identity of the dead.
In less than an hour after the accident
the hospitals to which -the injured hal
been sent had all their spare beds filled.
The Receiving Hospital was taxed to It:
utmost capacity. Fifteen cases were
treated there, five of which were very
serlou*. Up to a late hour there were
mi deaths, those of Virgil Newby ano
]>>on Glrard. *
Brough, Dugpan and Garrenty are in a
very precarious condition, and the doc
tors hold out small hope of their recovery.
On the arrival of the wounded they were
made as comfortable as possible by Drs.
Bunnell. Starr. Williamson. McCarthy and
Buckley. One by one they were laid on
the operating table and given first aid.
After the wounds had been dressed the
doctors took in hand the more serious
cases, and they were operated upon.
The most pathetic cases treated were
those of NVwby and McNeil. Each boy
was about 16 years of age. After the ac
cident they were taken to the Railroad
Hoppital, where It »a» found that both
had sustained fractured skulls. Later
they were taken to the Receiving Hospi
tal. Neither of the lads was conscious
Vir.d no letters were found on their
I«i-soni« to identify them. The mo
ment they arrived at the hospital to:
which they were last sent Dr.; Bunnell de
cided that the only chance to cave or pro-
"On the arrival of the ambulances and
patrol wagons those cases to which m£3
fcal aid could be of value were immediate
ly removed to the nearest hospitals un
der my direction. While some of the in
jured were being removed, another corps
of police was engaged in segregating the
dead so as not to congest the hospitals
with the dead instead of the Injured. Si
rrsany were injured that it kept me figur
ing In my mind as to the number each
hospital could handle. Carriages of peo
ple who were attending the ball game
were freely offered by their owners to
remove the injured, and a gTeat many
were utilized for that purpose.
"I heard the crash, and accompanied by
David Wolfe, secretary of the City and
County Hospital.- who was with me ran
to the scene of the accident. I went up
stairs to where the large furnace is situ
ated and saw a terrible sight. The d<_ad
and injured were lying around the furnace
end some were on top of it. It resembled
& battle-field, and I hope never to see the
like of it again. I could not walk around
the furnace without stepping on the bod
ies of the dead and Injured. I sent Wolfe
to telephone to the Emergency Hospital
and then turned my attention to quieting
the crowd that had gathered. I got the
police, who acted in perfect accord with
me, to put all people out of the building
except the Injured. Then I turned my at
tention to helping the injured, in which I
was ably seconded by the police. We made
them comfortable as far as possible while
welting for the arrival of the ambulances
and patrol wagons. During this time 1
ordered water brought and the faces and
arms of the injured were sponged and the
blood washed from their faces.
While these were doing the best they
COOld Dr. Edwin Bunnell, chief emergency :
surseon, who was a spectator at the
fame, arrived on the scene ana took
ctiarje of the removal of the dead and in
jured. While he was making a hurried
examination to select those needing imme
diate attention patrol wagons, ambu
lances, express wagons and carriages were
juickiy placed at His disposal, and with
oirtctlons to go to this, mat or the other
hospital the wounded were sent out for
treatment. ,
Thosd whose injuries were most serious
were 3rst disposed of. The various hospi
tals. Railroad, City and County. Receiv
ing and others weiv notified, and to them,
as far as ttuir capacity would permit, the
patients were tent. But while Dr. Bun
ncli was ihus supervising the work hun
dreds of others were aiding otherwise.
Police Officer Hayes when he reached
the scene found several men clinging to
a broken raficr. He grabbed a ladder and,
assisted by the employes of the works.
Drought mem down in safety. Officer
"i illmann carried two youngsters down
from a dangerous perch. Tney were badly
injured, but he tooK them down the stairs.
tenderly carried them to the patrol wa?on
ana then went back for others. Superin
tendent Davis ordered the place cleared
of all t»ve th<? police and those who nau
actual business there, and ordered his
employes to assist in every way possible.
«_»ne man, mho had a spirited white horse
attached to a light buggy, and who hnp
4Ti;«rij vt t»e near the scene of the acci
cor.t, rendered yeoman's service. As fast
a 5 he could get one or two passengers into
bis buggy, he would take them to the
nearest hospital or their homes, as they
preferred, and return for another load.
< narles 1\ . Ridgway. a boy about 17
y^ars of age, was one of those who unos
tentatiously helped in the good work par
ti* ularly in assisting: the injured into car
riages and making many trips between
the hospitals and homes of the unfortu
nates sent home in carriages.
Al Murphy and Pafrick Hughes, glass
works employes, found Chris Peterson of
MS Folsom street lying In a corner with
his legs broken, face scarred and other
portions of his body contused. They car
ried him to a wagon and sent him home
At the conclusion of the game Mayor
Phelan came to the sc«>n» of the accident
and questioned Superintendent Davis and
Vice President Abramson regarding the
del alls of the construction of the building
and what steps had been taken to preveni
a -crowd gathering upon the roof and
fences. He expressed grpat regret at the
unfortunate occurrence, and said he would
visit the various hospital* and extend
euch assistance as he could to anv unfor
tunate ones who might be in need* of it
Dr. Bunnell, who makes it a practice to
attend all big gatherings for fear of ac
cidents, said:
The misdirected though well intentioned
efforts of the willing workers only made
the confusion worse. Then came the po
lice. Officers Hayes. Gaughran, Tillmann.
and Lieutenant Anderson, followed by the
Chief, Captain Wittman and other om
cers, they being among the first on the
scene. A fire alarm was sounded and.
many firemen aided in the work of assist
ing the injured.
When those within and about the build
ing, employes and police, surgeons and
others, those slightly Injured and those
attracted by curiosity realized the terri
ble extent of the disaster measure? were
at once taken to provide for the removal
of the dead and the relief of the injured.
A* quick as they could be segregated In
the confusion the bodies of the dead were
laid to one side and the injured were re
moved to an adjoining furnace room. - ¦ '
Gravity of Wounds Tempered
by the Prompt Assist
ance Extended.
A.mbulanoes and Wagons
Used in the Work
of Rescue.
Police, Firemen and
Doctors Readily
Respond.
HOSPITALS
FILLED TO
THE UTMOST
THE SAIN* FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1900.
The Owner— See here! You want to han
dle that trunk more carefully!
The Porter— I'll look out for It. sir. I
know a man let one fall on his toes last
month an' he ain't out of the hospital yet.
—Brooklyn Life.
Quarrel Between Two Austrian* on
Union Island Ends In Death
of Peter Iggia.
STOCKTON. Nov, ».-John Dersnja
shot and killed Peter I?gia about fourteen
miles from this city, on Union Island, at
4 o'clock this afternoon. They arc Aus
trians and were partners In a ranch on
Blxler's canal. They had disagreed, and
when Iggla attempted . to move some
straw from the ranch to-day Deranja.
who had been out hunting and had hla
gun with him, objected. After a rev
words Iggia first started for Deranja with
a post, but changed It for a pitchfork. Aa
he advanced on Derp.nja the latter fired.
Deranja came to Stockton and gave him
self up to the officers.
RANCHES SHOOTS AND
KIIXS HIS PAETNER
Phelan, James H. Davis, the superinten
dent and secretary of the glass company.
Issued the following signed statement:
"The great crowd of men and boys,
numbering several hundred, swarmed
over the eight-foot solid board fence, on
which are iwo strands of barbed wire,
making the total height ten feet. This
fence entirely surrounds the property of
the San Francisco and Pacific Glass
Works, excepting the part between
Woerner's cooperage and the glass work3.
which consists of a tight board fence
about twelve feet high. A part of the
crowd broke the fence down between
Wcerner's establishment and the gla?s
works and swarmed through the opening
made in the fence, and a part ciimbect
over the fence after getting on a pile of
lumber on the Woernvr premises, adjoin
ing the fence, enabling tbem to reach the
top of the enclosure.
"I made a determined effort, assisted by
a number of the employes of the glass
works, to prevent the crowd coming upon
the premises. But the crowd brusnert
aside .all opposition, and swarmed over
on the glass works property ana
climbed upon the buildings and occupied
every available space upon the top and
around the buildings. It Is safe to say
that not less than 500 and possibly as
many as 1000 people took possession of the
roofs of the various buildings on the
premises, and 300 or 400 people got upon
the roof of the ventilator of one of the
buildings, directly over the furnaces. Th!3
ventilator, owing to the tremendous
weight and pressure placed upon it, gave
way and precipitated a large number of
men and boys a distance of between forty
and fifty feet. Some of these people fell
on top of the hot furnace, and in the Im
mediate vicinity of the furnace, with th<
result that a number were killed and
many others Injured.
* The crowd endeavored also to force its
way through the doors of the buildinrr*.
but was driven back and the doora
barred. Some of the crowd dug beneath
the fence and crawled through holes made
under the fence In the ground. As socn
as the crowd began to force Its way into
the glass works premises the police were
telephoned for. The ventilator referred to
is about eight feet wide and 100 feet lon^r
and stood above the main building about
four feet, and was literally packed with
men and boys.
"The whole affair transpired in the
course of a few moments and everything
possible was done to prevent the people
from getting on the buildings or comlns?
on the grounds, but without avail. As a.
measure of precaution, men had been sta
tioned at the Various gateways and en
trances of the premises, which wer*
locked, with Instructions to admit n'» one
"JAMES H. DAVIS.
"Secretary and Superintendent."
Superintendent Davis Says
Eight-Foot Fence Could
Not Stop the Rush
Acting upon the suggestion of Mayor
Factory Employes Over
whelmed by Men
and Boys.
Crowd Swarms in
Like Rising
HUNDREDS
TAKE WORKS
BY ASSAULT
Camera Supplies.
Cameras, photographic supplies; kodakg,
albums ":? for -unmounted' •- photographs,
•printing and developing. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. ¦•••¦¦
SANRAFAEL, Nov. 29.— The restaurant
of E. C. Schadlltz ) at West , End was de
stroyed .by fire at 4 o'clock this morning
The proprietor has resided on the prem
ises heretofore and it is • feared -he has
been incinerated. Anx§us townsmen are
diligently searching fo." his remains. The
fire Is supposed to have been of Incendiary
origin Loss $1000. insurance $800. .
May Have Been Incinerated.
3
¦ ¦
Our 90c hat!
! We have so many customers who are interested in our
90c hats that we are sure they will be pleased to know that
a new shipment has arrived, comprising large and small
I shapes of Fedoras, in all the popular colors — just as found i
in the very expensive hats.
Those who wear these hats find them the equal of the j
Observe our display of the hats in the window near the ;
»Market-street entrance.
j Out-of-town orders filled — write us. |
SMWOQPsfP
j 718 Market Street. IWILLIAM H. ECKFELDT.
THOMAS J. RIPPON.
Charity covers a multitude of sins «„.«
a tailor covers a multitude of sinners! d
Evans' Ale and Stout
pouble the pleasures, of ale drlnklnr. IdeaJ
brewing and bottling. Order from any dealer. •
The. new French Minister of War, Gen
eral Andre, has made some changes in
the curious marriage regulations pertain
ing to officers. Up to October 1 it was
a military law in France that officers
could not marry unless the bride's dot
amounted to at least $240 per annum. By
a new regulation, however, the poor as
¦well as the rich can aspire to becoming
an officer's wife. But, though. the dowry
is no longer indispensable, there are other
restrictions. All officers above the rank
Marriage of French Officers.
On one of. the Erie ferry-boats leaving
Jersey City about 8 a. m.; when passenger
traffic is heaviest, may usually be seen a
gray express horse who has a way of his
own of securing dainties. As the ferry
boat approaches' her slip and the crowd
swarms in the wagonway he begins his
antics. Getting close to a man in front
of him he administers with his nose, a
push between the shoulders which sends
the victim with a rush against* his fellow,
passengers. Then his horseship swings
from side to side till from some one who
knows his weakness' a lump of sugar or
an apple is forthcoming. . When that has
disappeared down his capacious throat
y it s" 86 ls on ' h!s best benavlor -— New
A Spoiled Horse.
Art "Wins the Heart.
Fancy Florentine panels made in all
eizes for oil painting, finished In green,
bronze and gold, cream enamel and gold;
all of the newest designs and an Immense
variety of white wood novelties for/ fire
etching; also pretty and useful articles in
leather purses, belts, photo cases and
albums, frames and fancy boxes all made
for this same purpose, and an excellent
fresh supply of whole eheepsklns. In all
colors. Just from the tanners. The latest
improved pyrography outfits. Banborn,
* all & Co.. 7U Market street. . . • ,
On account of a mistake made by the
management of the City and County Hos
pital, the body of a man who died in
that institution of pneumonia was taken
to the Morgue and an autopsy performed
on it. for that of William J. R. Ketteler
whose skull was fractured. The mistake
was discovered yesterday when Gante?
& Gunst. undertakers, went to the hosul
tal : to procure the body which was by
mistake sent to the Morgue. Theyfound
th»t they had Ketteler's body on their
hands • and rectified the unpleasant error
as quickly as possible. Dr. W &
Leland performed another autopsy 'last
be^n 1 f a r n a d ctu°r U e3 d that 8k "» ™
Wrong Body Sent to Morgue.
The native Inhabitants of our Philip
pine possessions are rapidly acquiring the
vernacular, as witnesses the following
conversation that recently occurred be
tween an American lady and her Tagalo
seamstress in Manila:
"Senora. what means Susan Jane?"
"Why. Roslna. that's a girl's name
What do you want to know for?"
"Well, soldier man say to meMhls 'How
do Susan Jane?* " -"?
"What did you say to him?"
"Oh. I smile at him and say 'Ootaell * ••
"What! Why, Rosina. you mustn't »«w
that. That'3 a dreadful thing for a lady
that* l9 elegante? A11 8oldler 9 ,ay
"No. Indeed: it Is far from et»ira n » J
thTt a ?" dId the soldier do wh « you Sffiji
"Oh!,. He goed."-Chlcago Chronicle.
Filipino Maid's Advice.
'"Was he in the army?"- she asked.
"Yes," • answered the Senator's friend,
'he was in the army and a. general."
The old lady was positive he was a re
lation., ¦ . a. „ v.
"But." went -on the friend, "he was a
general in the Union : army."
The old lady's face fell, but she rallied
bravely. ;
"Well," she said, "you know there's a
black sheep in every family."
of, the stories that the late Senator
Palmer was fondest of telling had to do
with an aged gentlewoman bearing the
same name as • himself , who lives some
where down on. the eastern shore j of Vir-'
ginia, in the county .where Senator Pal
mer'?, grandfather was born, relates the
Washington Post. One of the Senator's
Washington friends happened to meet tho
old lady down there and asked her if she
were not 'a. kinswoman of his. She did
not know, but thought perhaps she might
be. The gentleman was of Virginian de
scent, was he not?. And ; in the United
States Senate? . Yes, she was quite sure
he was a kinsman. .1
A. Black Sheep.
Improved.
LONDON, Nov. 30.— The Dally News
publishes the following dispatch from
Yalta: "A bacterial examination shows
Emperor Nicholas was suffering from Cri
mean typhus. The crisis was reached Sun
day, but throughout that day. he never
lost consciousness nor became delirious.
The Empress herself has done all the
¦nursing, declining the assistance of pro
fessional nurses. She has borne the strain
.well, although she is Xhinner from lack
of rleep.
"The Czar Is now Inclined to occupy
himself again with business affairs.,. As
soon as possible he will be removed to the
Tsarkoe Zelo in order to avoid the mala
rial season at Livadia."
Reached the Crisis of His Illness Last
Sunday and Since Has
CZAR'S RECOVERY NOW
SEEMS TO BE ASSURED
A broad survey of the existing indus
trial field reveals a prospect not very nat
tering to the pride of an Englishman. We,
the sea power, now look to Germany for
records of sea speeds. From the birth
place of mechanical locomotion we must
go to France and the United States for ex
amples of railway speeds and efficiency.
In electricity ° we are mere humble imita
tors, since scarcely any important modern
development in this all-pervading indus
try bears an English name. We are, it is
true, making some feeble efforts to keep
up with our neighbors In' the^jreat com
ing manufacturing industry—-electro
chemics — but he who . seeks for guidance
in this practically unexplored field must
go to Nuremberg or to Pittsburg to find it.
We are still predominant in the cotton
industry, but it is simply a question of
time when this industry will forsake us
for its natural seat— the Southern States
of America and the Indian cotton- fields.
Are 'we, then, in danger of degenerating
into a nation of brokers, depending for
our commercial existence on the capital
left us by the exertions of our fore
fathers? — London Express.
The time is come when it may be asked
whether we, as a manufacturing nation,
have lost all sense of the initiative that
formerly distinguished us beyond the
other nations of the world.
the Industrial Competition.
Great Britain Being Left Behind in
LOSING TRADE,
As for American coal, it has certainly
come to stay in Europe, though it may
cease to come to Great Britain when our
own inflated industry is restored to nor
mal conditions. It is not necessary how
ever, for American coal to come Into our
ports in order to make a serious inroad
U ?°P , 0U T f ore'S" trade.— London Fort
nightly Review.
We are inclined to believe that German
competition with us in the world's mar
kets has reached its high-water mark.
On the other hand, the real strength of
the industrial competition of America has
yet to be felt. The measures designed to
revive the American mercantile marine
did not pass through the last Congress,
but some measure of the sort will certain
ly become law within the next four years
if the Republicans are confirmed in power.
Even now American manufacturers are
sending shipbuilding material to this coun
try, not at sacrifice and merely to lighten
their stock, but at remunerative prices.
America has obtained and will retain the
lead as the greatest Iron and steel pro
ducer in the world, and as such is com
pelled to Increase her home market by
shipbuilding and to obtain foreign mar
kets.
American Marine Is Restored.
FEAB AMERICAN COMPETITION.
England Will Feel It When Our
8pecial Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrleht, 1900. by the Heratd Pub
lishing Company.
BERLIN, Nov. 29.— At the Thanksgiv
ing dinner held at Kalserhof this evening
Andrew D. "White. United States Embassa
dor to Germany^ made the following
speech :
"I may state that we have ereat
grounds for thankfulness for the good
relations which exist between our coun
try and Germany. In spite of the fact
that America remains true to her tradi
l™ 1 Pf^We of entering Into no alli
ances with foreign powers, she neverthe
less co-operates earnestly and entirely
with them in the greatest attempt ever
e n^ r t P h P e re f a a d r ln^ a tt nd P fotec " n « <=>v.li.
wh'«T a c 1? m at # least 8ay that during the
Sui H?" 5 of our common operations in
China the very friendliest feelings have
existed between the United Stales ami
Germany, and I may add that thev »rtii
exist in all the negotiations between thi
United States and Germany °* lween ine
"In regard to the best method of brine.
I J}5n?£ Out f a ' peace whfch "ball be th?b£
ginning of a new era for China »Vw? «k«
Theme of Embassador White
in a Thanksgiving Speech
at Berlin.
FRIENDLINESS
TOWARD GERMANY
Ways of the Illiterate to
Conceal Their Lack of*
Education.
»
"Funny how few men take the trouble
to write their names legibly on a register,"
remarked the man behind the counter at
one of the. big hotels In New Orleans.
"Look at this page, and this, and this!
How many signatures do you see that you
can read offhand, and be certain you're
right? Not one in four, I'll bet! Now
look again and "note the "number of mere
scrawls that nobody could possibly! de
cipher.
"A great many guests make that kind
of chicken tracks on a page merely to be
thought important. They have an ab
surd Idea that a bad signature Indicates
a person of consequence."
. "But how' about • fellows who can't
write?"- asked a guest,, who had listened
to the clerk's little homily; "don't they
sometimes make a scrawl for a bluff?"
"Yes, I've known that to be done," re
plied the clerk, smilingly; "but not often.
A man who can'twrlte finds it very diffi
cult to make even a scrawl, and he gener
ally gets out. of registering by throwing
the blame on the pen. .'I can't use a
thing like this,' he will say; 'haven't you
got a broad stub?' Nothing in the rack
will: answer,' and, ¦ knowing by "that 1 time
how the land lays, I volunteer to register
for him. Hotehr entertain a good many
people who can't' write, and the bad pen
comedy is enacted ? quite frequently. ' Of
course, the clerk has to be very careful
not to let the guest suspect that he is on
to the dodge, for such folks are very
sensitive about their educational infirmi
ties.
"L once knew a man who paid $1200 a
year to ¦ keep hotel clerks- from know
ing that he couldn't write his own name.
He began life as a day laborer, drifted out
West and made a fortune through leasing
a supposed , worthless mine in Montana.
When . he accumulated about: $100,000 he
sold out and started to travel and have a
good time. He was naturally shrewd,- but
he had never had a particle of schooling,
and dodging ; registers at new hotels be
came. the chief. worry of his life. At first
he used to tie up his • hand In a handker
chief and pretend it. was hurt, but he real
ized that the trick was pretty transparent,
and at last • he* employed a young | news
paper man at $100 a month to travel with"
him as Wb 'secretary.VThe ex-miner never
TRAVELERS WHO
CANNOT WRITE
EL PASO, Tex.. Nov. 29.— News of a
fierce battle last Sunday between Mexican
regulars and Yaqul Indians was brought
here to'iay by two American miners,
Beth Tomkins and Will Lowe.
They were prospecting about forty miles
from Soyapa, Mexico, w-hen tjie Indians
appeared, made them prisoners and ran
sacked their camp. Troopr. were dis
patched in pursuit. of the Indians. The
Indians entrapped the Mexicans In a nar
row part of the mountains and when the
Mexicans finally withdrew they left
twenty dead.
The Americans escaped. Six Indians
were killed or wounded. ;
Soldiers Are Entrapped in
a Narrow Mountain
Pass.
YAQUIS SLAY
MANY MEXICANS
Bent or received any letters; he didn't care
for reading, and tho secretary's one and
only duty was to sign hotel registers.
They would walk together, and the young
chap would say. deferentially: 'Shall I
do the registering for us both, colonel?'
'If you please,' his boss would reply, and
he would thereupon write: "Colonel -
and secretary, Montana.* Then he could
go off and play until they got ready to
leave town. It was the softest job in the
universe. He held it for several years;
in fact, until his patron succeeded In
drinking himself to death."— New Orleans
Times-Democrat.
of colonel must forward their marriage
demands to the Minister of War, while all
others must apply to the superior officer
of their district. Each demand must,
however, inclose three interesting docu
ments. The first must certify as to the
status of the future bride's family, the
second must discuss the advisability of
the proposed marriage and the third must
be a certificate as to the fiancee's moral
character and that of her relatives. With
this much to go by the commanding offi
cers are instructed to make careful in
quiries and grant the demanded permis
sion only when their Investigations prove
highly satisfactory. • When permission Is
once given the wedding must be celebrated
within the following six months, or In
case of delay a renewal of the permission
has to be asked for at headquarters. —
Chicago Record.
i A "*l£ ty " ocean hI S h *"ay sounds almost
Incredible, .let those who are famlltar
with sailing ships know that, no matter
how carefully the decks may be waahert
down in the morning, and how little work
of any kind may be done during the dav
nevertheless. If the decks are not swept
at nightfall an enormous quantity of
dust will quickly collect. Of course, on
the modern "liner" the burning of hun
dreds of tons of coal every twenty-four
hours and the myriads of footfalls daily
would account for a considerable accumu
lation of dust, but on a "wind-Jammer."
manned with a dozen hands or less, no
such dust-producing agencies are at work.
And yet the records of sailing ships show
that they collect more sea dust than does
a Steamer, which is probably accounted
for by the fact that while the dust-laden
smoke blows clear of the steamer thi>
large area of canvas spread by the sailor
acts as a dust collector.
To quote an instance in support of this
contention we may mention that no lesa
than twenty-four and a halt barrels or
fine dust were swept from the decks of an
American Bailing ship during a ninety
seven days' voyage from New Tork tm
San Francisco. The captain of this ves
sel, a man of scientific tastes, made care
ful observations on the mystery of sea
dust, but beyond the wear and tear of tlvj
sails and rigging, a quite negligible factor,
ho could assign absolutely no perceptible
cause for the formation of dust on boar i
his ship. It has been asserted that the
dust which falls on the decks of vessels
emanates from the Interstellar spaces.
This sounds both scientific and plausible,
but it is at variance with certain known
facts. Bits of leather, cork, wood ani
vegetable fiber are almost always present
In sea dust, the presence of which would
seem to indicate that at sea. as on land—
The earth of a dusty to-day
la the dust of an earthly to-morrow.
However this may be, of the fact of the
steady and constant deposition of dust on
the decks of vessels while at sea there U
no possible room for doubt, but. so far.
all attempts to solve the mystery of its
origin have failed. — London Shipplns
World.
A Mystery That Has Puszi-d Wise
Heads From Time Immeiaoriai.
DUSTY OCEAN ROADS.
"It has been my high privilege to servo
with the American army in Cuba and to
witness the devotion of the American sol
dier to his flair and to his country. The
eight filled me with pride and admira
tion both for him and his flag. I wish to
refer especially to the gallantry of Gen
eral Chaffce. If I were to tell of his deeds
of bravery I would make his ears tingle,
c-ven at this distance."
Ju-tiee Matthew followed, saying that in
sentiment and affection he was also an
American, but whether he was a Repub
lican or a Democrat ho did not know, but
probably he was both.
The most heartily applauded speech was
that of Captain Le«», who accompanied the
American forces during the Cuban cam
paign and who was recently elected to
Parliament In the Farnham division of
Hampshire. Captain Lee Raid that his mo
tive In resigning his commission in the
army and entering politics was to en
deavor to promote good relations between
the United States and England. In the
course of an « loquent tribute to America
and to the American soldier he said:
"We will now drink to that distin
guished man. just chosen again to be th«
ruler of the greatest English-speaking
community on the face of the earth, for
whom we wish a peaceful and prosperous
term, and we trust that the two coun
tries may be bound together forever."
The Lord Chief Justice proposed the
health of Mr. Choate and paid a tribute
to the lone list of distinguished Ameri
cans s»nt to the court of St. James.
1 Mr. Choate, responding, dwelt upon the
"happy relation* now existing between
the United States? and the other natons of
the world."
LONDON. Nov. 29.-More than *00
Americans were present at the Hotel Ce
cil this evening at the Thanksgiving din
ner given under the auspices of the Amei
iean Society in London. Dr. C. F. Van
Duser, president of the society, was in
the chair, and the guests included Baron
Alverstone. Lord Chief Justice of Eng
land: William Court Gully. Speaker of the
House of Commons; Sir Charles Matthew
of the Queen's Bench Division of the High
Court of Justice; Frank Green, Lord
Mayor of London; Captain Arthur Lee.
Mr. Choate and the full staff of the
United States Embassy; William Mc-
Klnley Ofbome, United States Consul
General in London, and many other dis
tinguished Americans and Englishmen.
The speeches following- the dinner teemed
with international compliments, all the
speakers dwelling upon the good rela
tions exiting between the United States
and Great Britain, and expressing the
hope that these would continue. After
the usual toast to the Queen, Mr. Gullv
said:
can Society in London.
Hinging Words at Dinner of Ameri-
PEAISES FOE AMERICA.
Laird died a few minutes after the
shooting occurred. He leaves a wife and
fcur children. H<» was serving his sec
end day as a regular policeman. Smith
and one of the strikers were placed in
jail. There are no indications of a mob
to-night, although for a time this after
noon matters bore a stormy appearance.
WILLlAAi LAIRD, policeman.
Wounded: O. D. Blanton, striker, bul
let throueh body near heart, will die;
Martin Wright, president of the Electri
cal WorKers' C'nion, shot in left arm;
Sandv Smith, employe of the telephone
company, wounded in head. Two others
who^e names are unobtainable.
The shooting occurred in Robinson's
livery stable, a short distance from the
telephone exchange.
This morning Smith, in company with
other employes of the company, started
to repair broken wires. The men had po
lice protection. Smith started to climb a
j>ole near the exchange. A crowd of men
surrounded him and bfuan jeering. Some
one began throwing stones and Smith ran
into the Robinson stable to escape the
crowd. The latter followed and the fight
was continued in the stable. Shortly after
vard thr^e phots rang out. Laird was the
first victim. The second shot gTazed
Wright's chest and entered his left arm.
The last shot struck Blanton.
SAN ANTONIO. Tex.. Nov. 29.— In a
melee here to-day between union and
non-union employes of the Southwestern
Telegraph and Telephone Company one
man was killed and four others wounded.
It was the first bloodshel of the tele
phone strike, which was begun November
3. The dead:
Result of a Melee Between
Union and Non-Union
Linemen.
STRIKERS KILL
TEXAS POLICEMAN
His bond was 55000. He left a small es
tate, and it is said that it will meet not
more than one-fifth of the shortage, and
his bondsmen will have to make up the
remainder. A special meeting of the
School Board has been called for to-mor
row to take action In the matter.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 29.— The accounts ot
George G. Griffiths, who was clerk of the
Bpard of Education here for thirteen
years prlcr to his death, October 1. 19,0,
are short at least $100,000. and It Is thought
that when the exact amount becomes
known it will be found nearer twice that
sum. His peculations covered the whola
term of service as clerk of the Schoo!
Board. The Auditor's experts say that
he misappropriated nearly all the tuition
fees paid by non-resident students sines
1S23. He kept one private cash book, in
which accounts were correctly entered,
and four fraudulent cash books with
forced balances, made to fit the case of
each examination as It might arise. He
forged receipts for money purporting to
have been paid by him into the city treas
ury, the forgery consisting: of fraudulent
signatures purporting to be genuine sig
natures of the City Treasurer.
Mr. Griffiths was one of the best known
public men in Cincinnati. He was always
a lover of horaes, am: it is thought that
he lost most of the money backing his
favorites. He was known to make -wagers
on tracks at Chicago and elsewhere. He
was one of the leading spirits In the or
ganization of the Oakley racetrack, which
closed down years ago. after the stock
holders lost thousands of dollars in im
proving the track. It is known that he
was fond of card games, but it Is thought
that most of the money he lost went on
the horses. ¦ •::—
School Board Clerk Griffiths
a Thief Thirteen Years
Before Death.
LEAVES LEGACY
OF DEFALCATIONS
The officers of tho corporation are:
President, George Palmer; vice presidents,
Edward Abramson. A. Heunlsch: secre
tary and superintendent, James H. Da
vis; treasurer and assistant secretary,
George II. Newman.
by Carl Newman In 1563. From a small
and unsatisfactory beginning 1 , ¦worklr.j
against great obstacles and Eastern op
position all the time, some fifteen years
ago a corporation was formed and took
hold, of the glass factory at the foot ox
Seventh street. Employment Is thera
given to about 350 p«cple. but tb* new
works will require a forca of near.y
double that number.
Francisco and Pacific Glass Works was
commenced about three months ago and
the first fires in the furnaces were light
ed about ten days ago. Tho company ex
pected to begin the manufacture of glass
ware during the coming week and the,
accident; according to the directors of the
corporation, will not interfere with bust
ness, as it is proposed to commence the
reconstruction of the damaged portion the
first thing this morning.
The present plant, which will be when
completed the largest west of Chicago,
is the outgrowth of a venture undertaken
a. high board and barbed wire fence. Al
most as soon as the crowd gained tho roof
it collapsed.
"We can only express our sorrow and
alleviate the sufferings of the wounded.
The private and public hospitals and the
medical profession generally have nobly
responded to the requirements of the oc
casion- an,d I am glad to say that every
thing has been done and will continue to
be done to relieve pain and comfort the
afflicted. JAMES D. PHELAN."
Glass Works a New Plant.
Work on the new buildings of the San
TEN OF THE IDENTIFIED DEAD IN THE AWFUL CATASTROPHE.
WHERE is my boy? I pave you. two bits to get him a seat on that roof. Wht-re " *
William Huergott of Hyde street said he heard a woman tutor these words immediately after the crash, but
who she Is- or to whom the questions were addressed he is. unable to state. The woman never finished her final
interrogation. Burly policemen rushed her and others aside, for an ambulance had dashed up and some men
were bringing the remains of a victim to the curb
Captain of Detectives Seymour had his best men at work last night investigating reports, evidently founded upon the
above incident, to the effect that an admission fee had been paid by those who gained 'access to the roof and who went
down with it in the crash.
Detectives Graham and Fitzgerald learned that Joseph Welch, residing at the corner of Twenty-third, and Bryant
streets, had reported to a friend that he had paid two bits to get a seat on the glass' wcrks roof. The detectives and a
Call reporter Interviewed Welch at his home.
"No." hi said. "I did not pay anything to get up there. I heard some talk about some of the fellow 3 paying, but I
don't knew If it was a fact. I thought I saw a sign wb!cta read. "Twenty-five cents for a seat on the roof," but 1 am not
sure about it Most «f the boys got in through the gate on the Harrison street side. There was nobody there to stop
them." •'?:¦;% ' ' '-..••-
E. Openshnw of 136 Peralta avenue was the watchman. He claims he did everything: he cduld to keep, the crowd Off
the roof, but there were Romany that he simply couldn't hand'e them. He says word was sent to police headquarters, but
the crash came before any officer."-- arrived.
Openshaw said further that he had offers of money varying from 10 to 50 cents if he would allow certain persons
admission to the roof, but he declined in every case. The only people whom he admitted at, the Fifteenth and Folsom
street entrance, where he was stationed, were a few mc.i and women who had permits from Manager Davis. . ,
William Meyers; bartender in the Boulevard saloon, says that during the rush at his place after the same he heard
several people say that they knew of persons who paid to get access to the roof, but he heard no names mentioned. '
The detectives visited all the hospitals and talked with those victims who were in a condition to be interviewed. All
cf ih*m. according to the detectives, denied having paid any money to any one for admission to the building.
George Murphy of 137 Erie street was reported to have paid money to get on the roof. A Call reporter talked with the
little fellow as he groaned and tossed on the bed at his home last night. ? 1
"Did I pay to get in? Yes. I— l gave de fellow 10 cents."
The boy tried hard to think when he was asked what the man to whom he paid the money looked like. He shut his
eyes as if to sl«ep, then opened them, and when asked a second time if he had paid any m'pney to see the game he an
swered that he had not. The boy received a bad contusion and other injuries, and.it will probably be some time yet be
fore he will be able to talk clearly of what actually took place. ,
Captain Seymour in speaking of the accident last evening said:
"We are doing everything in our power to try and fix the blame. Foreman Stillings of the glass works claims that
he notified headquarters before the accident happened that there was a crowd on the roof, but so far as I can learn no
message was received here. I was In the office all the afternoon, too. Stillings further claims that he was referred to
the Seventeenth-street station and the officer there, he says, referred him to Lieutenant Anderson on th grounds. They
tell me at the Seventeenth-street station that no such report reached them, nor was Lieutenant Anderson informed of
the conditions until after the accident occurred. .
"In regard to some of the unfortunates paying admission to the roof, we have Investigated ever}' story that has
come to us and feel pretty well convinced that no such rascality was indulged In. If it was, and If we get any evidence
to indicate that such was the case, we shall not hesitate to bring the offender to Justice. He' would deserve the severest
kind of punishment. It doesn"t seem to me. though, that a man could be fool enough to dare undertake such a scheme.
"The accident was a most shocking one— the worst fatality we have had since the burning of the Baldwin Hotel. It
ought to serve as a lesson for property owners to keep people off the roofs of their buildings during future celebrations."
Woman Heard to Say She Gave Two Bits That
Her Boy Might See the Football Game.
DID VICTIMS PAY FOR
ADMISSION TO ROOF?
PERSONALLY
VISITS SCENE
OF ACCIDENT
¦ * - "
Mayor Phelan In
vestigates the
Causes.
C 'TV 1 TTT
Says P.ople Were
Given Warning of
the Danger.
Mayor James D, Phelan, who was at ths
scene of the accident shortly after it oc
curred, gave out the appended statement
last night: ...
"The crushing out of the lives of so many
young tboys and- men on this festal day
casts a gloom of sorrow over the com
munity. Eager to see the sport the boys
were naturally heedless of danger. There
seems to be" no blame, however, to attach
to any one.
"I visited the scene of the accident
shortly after its occurrence and investi
gated the circumstances. The managers
warned the boys of the danger and trie 1
to forcibly restrain them from, going on
the roof. Their property Is surrounded by
Warmly Praises {Medical
Profession and Hospitals
V iorthe Aid Rendered.
THOUSANDS MOURN THE MOST DREADFUL CALAMITY IN OUR HISTORY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY,' NOVEMBER -80, 190D.
MEKKE VAN DYK.
J. A. MULROXET.
CHARLfeS MONAGHAN.
WILLIAM ROTHENSTEIN.
TALLEYRAND BARNWELL.
ROBERT MILLER.
.EDGAR FAIRHAVEN.
WILLIAM VALENCIA.
4
HUNDREDS OF MEN, WOMEN AND CHILDREN WAITED IN AN AGONY OF SUSPENSE AND FEAR AS VIC
TIMS OF THE DREADFUL. ACCIDENT WERE BORNE INTO THE HOSPITAL OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
COMPANY ON MISSION STREET. V'-vv-v'" v C^MKelly Would Rather
Be Excused.
Yost Says - Goodwin
Is Not Fair.
OPINIONS OF COACHES.
i ~- - — . - i ,
Captain Pringle of. California: "I said before the game that
it would be a fight of system and tfce eleven that had the bet
ter system would win. I think our system gained the most
ground. Coach Keliy deserves a great deal of credit for put
ting such a good team into the field. He was handicapped in
having to take seven green men and teach them how to play
their positions. He had :6 change the players around contin
ually. He taught us the right kind of football. Their field goal
was an individual play. I do not care to iTscuss the men on
our team. Every 'man -played his best. I believe that Clay was
ruled out of the game unjustly, but I will not criticize the of
ficials. I think they were excellent."
. Captain Burnett of Stanford: "The game was the cleanest
I ever played in. Berkeley had a strong defense and we could
do nothing with their line. Our rivals, played the best game In
the flr>»t half, but we took a brace and outplayed them in the
last part of the game. California was very strong on the of
fensive. Their right tackle back gained a deal of ground for
them. Our boys played a hard game and deserved a victory.
My knee pained me considerably, but much to my surprise
lasted me until the whistle blew- the signal ending the game.
Raitt's lip was badly cut by. Gammon in the second half and
he had to leave the game. The officials were highly satisfac
tory and deserve praise for their just decisions."
THE toss of the coin brought luck
to Captain Burnett, who chose the
defense of the north goal. One
minute later the lithe body of
Johnny More swung the pedal pen
dulum 1 against the pigskin, and the ball
landed in the arms of Cooper. The Cali
fornia forwards were down the fleld fast
and sure, but an offside penalty for an in
fringement on the kick-off caused the ball
to be placed on the California fifty-yard
line for a second opening play. Again the
ball sailed upward and down among the
Stanford players. This time Erb nailed
it and, after a short run, in the opening
scrimmage, was set upon the Stanford
twenty-flve-yard line. The Stanford of
fense opened up in fairly effective style,
individual efforts of Erb and Slaker forc
ing the ball ten yards. Slaker ripped over
the left wing of Berkeley for four yards.
First do«vn was added. The umpire penal
ized California for interference with the
center. Again the ball was slowly pushed
along, when, for Stanford's holding. Cali
fornia was awarded the precious pigskin
on the Stanford fifty-yard line. Gammon
slipped in the Initial California plunge at
the cardinal line and was stopped. A pen
alty gave the blue and gold five yards.
Then Smith of California, a halfback of
physique and desperate spirit, threw him
self across Burnett for five yards. Again
he attacked the same wing of the Stan
ford forwards, and on the twenty-five
y|rd line of the cardinal rested the ball—
dirngerous near the defended goal. Gam
mon was stopped' again, but Captain Prin
gle hammered successfully at the enemy's
right wing, , and the ball _ rested on the
Stanford seventeen-yard line.
Right here More dropped back for his
first attempt at a drop kick. The ball
landed In Raitt's arms on the 3-yard line.
To this point California had forced the
play against the goal of the cardinal.
Hill was signaled to punt the ball out of
danger. A tine low drive of about forty
yards and a subsequent roll, a Stanford
tackle and California held the ball in
midfleld. California tried a double pass.
It fayed in execution, as did every trick
play tried in the entire game, owing to
the wide-awakeness of the two sets of
ends. The two justly much-feared backs
from the Stanford standpoint. Warren
Smith and Gammon, proved their individ
ual merit beyond question. First it was
Smith for three yards, then Gammon for
two and first down as the linesmen car
ried the string along. Captain Pringle was
there again. for another stretch of white
washed lines; Smith made it three again
over^ Traeger: the succeeding attack kept
up this momentum, and the ball lay on
Stanford's 43-yard line. Earlier than this
Clay had been ruled off. and Stowe, the
freshman, had taken his place as left
guard.
.Again th« N reliable but overtrained
Smith threw himself against the Stanford
left wing. The result was the distance
of .five 'yards, added to which were two
short plunges and the ball down on the
thirty-five yard line. All this was done
in the face. of desperate resistance. Ir
seemed more a battle of eleven individ
uals against each other than the unit
team force displayed on one side or the
other during the, past four years. Again
did i Smith • of ' Berkeley cross back and
tgala the first down,* aided by. Duden'a fine
Stanford Transforms Tie
Into Victory Before
Time Is Called.
Cln.
The demonstration was the most strik
ing that has been seen at an intercollegi
ate contest in San Francisco. It lasted
long: after the ball had 1>een brought back
and kicked off again. Stanford had
faced defeat, and at last. In the twink
ling of an eye, had achieved victory, and
the demonstration was accordingly Ions
end frenzied. *
Stanford won on straight football, and
let California dacggrpualy near proved jit*'
LESS than four minutes of play left
anfl the score 0-0, as Traeger
dropped back for a place-kick try
for a field goal, while 1S.000 people
held their breath in an agony
ct rusper.se. and then the oval pigskin
Balled upward, high Into the air. straight
and true above the center of the crossbar
of the goal posts and the game was won
for Etanford-the game that had been ail
but lost several times during the play.
Traeger did the trick. The steadiness of
fcls nerve and the canning of his good
right leg turned virtual defeat Into vic
tory. McFadden, Freshman McFadden.
tieJped him, for his pass was tru«. Fresh
man. Bansbach placed the ball Just right
find deserves well a generous meed of
credit for the cardinal's triumph.
The spectacular play that produced the
only points of the game and left the
tcore 6 to 0 in favor gf Stanford, where
It stood when the whistle blew at the
close of the game, was made with only
three minutes of play left. The ball was
nineteen yards from the goal line, wirh
Stanford apparently unable to make the
distance necessary to keep possession ol
the ball. If the try at fleld goal should
fall It meant another tie added to tho«e
teat went before the days of large scores,
for with the time so short for scoring ef
fort neither side could hope to win after
the ball should be once more* in play.
Traeger dropped back to the 3<>-yard line
and Bansbach crouched in front of him
to receive the long pass from McFadden
at the center position. The Stanford line
braced itself doggedly In front of oppo
nents poised for the chsxge Into them the
moment the ball should be snapped. A
few in California's rooters' section im
plored the B«rkeley players to get
through and block the ball and a Stanford
man. or two found voice to beg the line
of cardlnal-jer^eyed athletes to hold. But
these were only a few and the remainder
of the !£«» people who thronged grand
«tand and bleachers eat with checked
breath and hearts in throatB.
One moment a tie ssemed. a certainty,
for a place-kick seldom nets a field goal;
the next, the goal was made and the game
the bleachers and grand stands
everywhere except in the exclusively
Berkeley actions became a fleld of wav
ing rardinal and pandemonium broke
loose. Hats and canes were thrown Into
the air and leather-lunged Stanford root
ers yelled in a frenzy of Joy without any
thought of concert. Every one was stand
ing and jubilant; cardinal-bedecked stu
dents leaped into the air. mashed eacn
ethers' hats over eyes and thumped each
others' backs in Joy. Staid professors.
co-e<3s with tears of Joy In their eyes and
solid citizens whose sympathy happened
to be with the cardinal, all cast dignity to
the wind and added their share, to th*
Spectators began gathering early, and at
2 o'clock the place seemed full, though'
through each of the many entrances a
stream of humanity continued to pour
Into the inclosure. On the south side of
the field sections of 'the . bleachers had
been • reserved for the "rooters" ' from the
two universities and the students ; whose
leather lungs were . to lend , noisy aid to
the brawn and skill of the gridiron giants
came early. The California sections were
Just north of the middle of the field, while
Stanford's were \ to the' couth of the-mid
dle line* In the center of jeach of . these
The crowd was the greatest in the his
tory of California-Stanford football.
Every Beat in the grand stand and on the
bleachers was occupied. In the standing
room space at the west end of the grid
iron spectators were packed .in like ,sar
dines. Whichever way one turned, a mass
of people with blue and gold and cardinal
decorations struck the eye.
One other time the goal Stanford was
defending was in such acute danger that
hearts stopped beating in the Stanford
section. More had punted the ball down
the field over Rain's head, and It had
stopped rolling only two yards /rom the
goal line. When the teams lined up Hill
was called upon to punt. The pass was
bad. and Hill dropped the ball. California
men were charging at him, and. seemed
thick as bees about him, but he caught
the ball on the bound and punted out for
a short distance, preventing what might
easily have been a touchdown for Califor
nia. No punier ever escaped disaster
more narrowly.
In the second half the Stanford team
approximately struck the gait that It was
popularly supposed to possess. Slaker
and Seeley and Hill began to hit the line
for gains with clocklike regularity. Even
then, however, the team failed to show
consistent strength and was unable to
carry the ball along for a touchdown. Ex
cept for Traeger's beautiful place kick the
California men would now be celebrating
a tie game as a welcome half-victory and
Stanford men would be alternating be
tween chagrin at their failure to win and
satisfaction that after all they escaped
the defeat which eeemed early In the
game to be in store for them.
Three times California was in striking
distance, and that many times More was
allowed to try for a fleld goal, to fall in
each attempt. In one of them the ball
sailed so near a goal post that the blue
and gold contingent thought the attempt
had been successful.
superiority. For most of , the first half the
glory was all the blue and gold's. from
the very first the California men hammer
ed the Stanford line on the offensive, and
on the defenslve'were able to stop up their
opponents. Twice a touchdown for Cali
fornia seemed certain, the ball being but
eight yards from the goal line on first
down. But the Stanford line held at the
critical moment in the one instance and
took the ball on downs. The other time
AVomble, California's field captain, chose
to let Johnny More try for a field goal
by a drop kick rather than to take the
risk of sending Gammon or Smith straight
into the opposing line, though only two
and a half yards had to be gained. More
failed in his try, and many California
men blame Womble's generalship In that
instance and say that it lost them the
game. • !.-•
Burnett Thinks It
Was a Good Game.
Pringle Praises the
Berkeley Coach.
straight plunge. Then came a Stanford
brace— the fine effective stopping of three
assaults, an* -for the first time the car
dinal held on downs, won the ball anl
took her Inning* of offense again.
Seeley made It first, but poor offense
soon forced Stanford to punt. The ball
landed In mldfield. The run In was short,
as were all during the entire game.
Then Gammon again showed his ability.
Helped by th« forwards he forced Stan
ford's left wing for three yards. Smith,
made it three nwe straight over the cen
ter. Gammon followed for four yards and
Duden was used as a relief. Smith and
Prlngle jumped straight through the cen
ter and the ball was down to Stanford's
30-yard line, but here it changed color on
downs.
Then came the guard's back formation
of Stanford and Seeley landed the- ball
five yards further for. a first down. A
half fumble caused Stanford to essay a
punt. Hill was good for a drive to tha
California 50-yard line. A foul caused the
ball to move ten yards toward Stanford's
goal. Gammon was driven straight ahead
for three yards and Smith went over Lea
for -two yards and -the first down. Cali
fornia's men seemed spent In force under
the desperate offensive wont. Captain
Prlngle being laid out at intervals and a
lineman or so being winded at time-*.
Although he played the best defensive
game of the five middle, forwards Traeger
was skirted now and then.
At this point Gammon whipped pa3t
him for four yards and was over De For
rest and Lee for one yard more and the
first down. In the form of one and two
years ago Smith and Prlngle made it a
first down to Stanford's thirty-yard line.
Again Gammon was sent, straight over
the center for three and two yards and
the necessary distance. Short plunges
brought the ball to Stanford's twenty
yard line, under the shadow of the car
dinal goal posts. Here Gammon was
stopped by "Babe" Burnett, who seemed
to have the latent power up his sleeve to
rally on the defense when it was most
needed. Here came th* spectacular in
play. After Seeley and Burnett had been
worked for the first down by Duden and
Gammon. Smith was sent on a cross
buck and was stopped short. Gammon
was dropped In hia tracks by Billy Erb
and the boys of the cardinal won the ball
on" pure fighting force on the six-yard •
line.
Back went Hill for a kick. One minute
later a California double pass in midfleld
failed, and Morse's good right foot punted
the ball to the Staniord eight-yard line Into
"Stub" Raltt's arms. A fake play of a,
delayed pass failed on slow advances, and
on a disastrous fumble California won the
ball within easy striking distance of the
enemy's goal. Here More's try at a drop
kick failed. Stanford kicked out from the
twenty-flve-yard line and California a mo
ment later returned the punt. Raitt ran
It into midfleld. and here the timekeeper's
whistle sounded the end of the, first half,
the score standing 0 to 0. and most of the
play having been forced Into Stanford's
territory, with California showing the
most effective ball-advancing- ability.
In this half the umpire ruled Clay oft
for slugging. Stowe taking his place.
; Defending the north goal in the Mcond
Continued on Paso Tea.
Story of the Game That
Was Won on a Goal
From Field.
CAPTAINS ON THE GAME.
STAXFORWS FAMOUS TACKLE-BACK FORMATION STRIKING THE CALIFORNIA LINE. SLAKER. THE' GREAT FULLBACK, TAKES THE BALL. WITH GUARD SEELEY. QUARTER-BACK
RAITT AND CAPTAIN BURNETT IN THE INTERFERENCE. STANFORD USED THIS PLAY REPEATEDLY FOR CONSISTENT GAINS, PARTICULARLY LATE IN THE SECOND HALF,
AND CALIFORNIA FOUND GREAT DIFFICULTY IX STOPPING IT.. •
THE SAN : FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOYEMBER 30, 1900.
wind should raise later in the afternoon
the team striving to reach that goal in
the second half world have an advantage.
The choice proved unfortunate, as the
wind did not raise, and California's kick
off in the first half .gave them "the jump."
and they managed to keep the ball | in
their opponents' territory during practi
cally the entire half.
The ; first few • scrimmages showed . Cali
fornia to be* strong on defense. Something"
seemed wrong with Stanford's boasted ir
resistible offenrive play, and , California
held them up and secured the ball on the
forty-eight-yard line. At once the Califor
nia backs began to plunge through the
Stanford line for. gains from two to six
yards. The tackle positions were the ones
rnost assaulted. \ • At last Stanford held,
, and. on the twenty-yard line California
found itself, unable to advance the ball. >
Johnny More dropped ; back 'for . a drop
kick at the goal posts. : It was a' moment
of 'hope for California and of agony for
Stanford, but the ball flew low. An ex
change of punts and some more line buck
ing* put the ball on Stanford's eight-yard
line, but the line made a' desperate stand
and, took the ball on downs. Another ex
change of punts a ml a Stanford . fumble
gave ; California the ball again on the
eight-yard line, and another attempt at' a
field i goal followed. - This ; ; time - the ball
went but little iHde of the mark. . - ¦ •
Ivln another exchange of punts Haiti; the
Continued on Page Ten, "
two gTOups of •¦ sections, were the.epaces
reserved for the "rooters.". The Berkeley
boys wore hats made of their college col
ors, and the sections occupied exclusively
by California students and sympathizers
were ablaze with gold softened with blue.
The Stanford "rooters"- wore cardinal
caps of Tarn o' Shanter style, and the
rich red color of, life gleamed from top to
bottom of the high bleachers. - . r .
Throughout the remainder of the great
throng the colors of the two universities
were mingled. ; Cardinal seemed to be
rather more In evidence, probably for two
good and sufficient reasons. "People with
out particular cause -for loyalty to one
or the other wore cardinal because if was
widely held that' Stanford would win. and
It Is human to \ want to be on the winning
side. Then pretty girls, whowere*. not out
and out Berkeley sympathizers wore.car
dinal because It becomes them. And, so it
came about that In; the : contest: of /colors
the cardinal had somewhat' the 'better or
it. RHB£B9BMhSB4HRM^
Enthusiasm was , at . a hlghj pitch before
the game began.*- As the crowd waited for
the 1 appearance of the gridiron heroes ¦ cho
rooters carried on a contest of, their, own.
Each 6lde sang football songs,, punctuated
with football and ; college t yells. , •; Good
natured badinage was hurled .backward,
forth and each side shouted In concert the
greatness of Kb heroes and the .weakness
of the men of the rival team. >
, Two college braaa bands \ did '¦ the^nolse- •
making:. and their abilities in that line
were about as evenly matched ' as were
the capabilities of the teams.. They played
spirited marches and college songs and
each did ¦ its . best to drown the other's
music. .
The California team was first upon the
field, and as- the trim and supple giants
trotted out upon the gridiron the | Califor
nia men, and girls,- too, showed right well
their loyalty. The players were greeted
with a great shout of welcome and pen
nants and hats were waved frantically.
Then the students called '.'rooters" took
up the cause, and each "one of the eleven
members of ; the ; team was given •< three
cheers. As the team began going through
signal" practice the men looked fit and
strong and .fell : into : their places •' with' a
precision that evoked outburst after out
burst of applause from the bleachers.
The Stanford team. trotted out from the
dressing-rooms under the ;• north end- of
the grand stand a few minutes later. The
cardinal sweaters worn by the men added
to their apparent sire until they seemed
veritable /.giants^ Their -signal -practice
was snappy' and f the backs got off .with, a
speed and a close formation "that showed
the excellent, results^ of Yost's coaching.
The t earn looked ' formidable and : Califpr
nia'men on the bleachers looked dubious.
.Stanford - ,had . a-." temporary triumph
when ;Captalh<Burnett "won the toss.". He
chose to defend the north goal; aince IX jho
Addlson Kelly, the coach of the University of California,
was in deep dejection over the game and refused to give an
extended statement about the coqtest. "I haven't much to say
about the game,".. hesaid last-night, "other than that it might
have been won a number of times by California during the first
half. There was some very'unfortunate handling of kicks and
a few accidents which would have" materially changed the re
sult. But there is little use in a post mortem, and I am not" in
a spirit to repeat what did happen, what did not, what should
have happened and what should not. The field goal from a
placed kick .was a pretty piece of work, and that it was suc
cessful ther« can be no doubt. In the first half California
proved a great ground gainer, but when the time came for the
deciding effort something: seemed to snap."
. \ ¦¦' <^ -¦'..' i * >t" l': ¦ ¦ - ¦ "
. Coach Yost of Stanford said: "All I wish to say Is that the
game was a fairly steady contest, hut ought to have' been bet
ter. The two teams should -have played snappier ball. Each
team's defense was better than the other expected. The at
tack, however, was not as fierce as it might have been. Iloug
land was one of the best officials I. ever saw in a game. 'I do
not like Mr. Goodwin. I think he favored California, In the
first half Stanford' played a good 'game. on the defensive, but
fell down on its offensive work. I think Gammon, Smith and
Pringle played the best game for California. Slaker put up his
usually good game. Smith did material work when he went in.
Traeger was atower of strength. Our ends played their game
and surprised evefy one by their excellent work.
5A DEMAND POR FILIPINOS.
The three noblemen are among the highest and the
richest of the British nobility. They own large estates,
have hereditary duties to perform and many social
obligations; yet to serve their city they are willing
to undertake the burden and worry of municipal office.
Not one of them will ever be a brilliant Mayor, but
each will be a stimulus to the ablest citizens to take
part in municipal administration; and, consequently.
London will have the best government that her
-.vealth. her brains, her energy and her virtue can give
her. If trie better classes of the city of New York
honestly desire a better government than Tammany
gives they must follow the example set them by the
nobles of England. So long as business men neglect
public service and city politics is regarded as lacking
in dignity, so long will municipal affairs be badly
administered. The best charter in the world will
never make a first-class government- out of second
rate men.
So the city election in London was presented to the
people, not £s a struggle for municipal offices, but as
a patriotic duty, as a part of "imperial politics," and
as such they dealt with it. The London Chronicle in
reviewing the elections of Aldermen and Mayors for
the twenty-eight Town Councils into which the city
government is now divided notes that in every in
stance they are men of the highest character, all of
them holding eminent positions in business,- in pro
fessional life, in politics and in society. Most of them
are of local note only and a citation of their names
¦would not be of significance here, but it may be noted
that among the new Mayors are the Duke of Nor
folk, Mayor of Westminster; the Duke of Bedford,
Mayor of Holborn, and Earl Cadogan, Mayor of
In inaugurating their^ new municipal government
the people of London have relied more upon men
than upon the new charter. They have sought to
Lrinp into the service of the city the ablest men, not
only in the city itself but in the empire. Just before
the election the Bishop of London and the clergy of
the diocese in a formal and solemn letter urged all
classes of citizens to serve the city patriotically and to
accept any office to which the}' might be called; and
Lord Rosebery in a public address said: "The empire
i> not South Africa alone, or Canada alone, or Aus
tralia alone, or India alone. The heart of the empire
is Britain, and the heart of Britain is London, and you
cannot afford to let that source and center of empire
decay or be poisoned for the want of vigilance and
supervision on your part. In another sense even more
vital this is an imperial question. What is an empire
unless it is pillared on an imperial race? And what
are you doing if you allow this imperial race to be
vitiated and poisoned in the dens of crime and horror
in which too many of them are reared at this mo
ment?"
1 he lesson is the ole ot:e that Rood government de
pends more upon good officials than upon constitu
tions or charters. . At the very foundation of our re
public Benjamin Franklin enunciated that truth in
his opposition to any requirement for official oaths,
upon the ground that good mea did not need to take
oaths and bad men would not obey them if taken.
American cities have frequent reform movements
that sweep vice from the tenderloins for a time,
but speedily lose their force and permit the old evil
to flourish again. Reform fails because one set of
politicians is substituted by another set; and while the
one may represent a different political party from tlje
other, the bosses that control them are very apt to
be partners, so that the ""business" of profiting by the
spoils that can be extorted from vice is not long in
terrupted. *
BISHOP POTTER of New York and his asso
ciates, who are now striving to bring abcut
tuch a reform in municipal politics as will
separate the city government irom the city. vices and
break up that combination of "pay and protection"
which makes the police force itself a patron and a
partner in crime, can find a useful lesson for them
in the newly established city government in London.
It is a lesson of value, moreover, to other cities than
Xe* York, and merhs the attention of all thoughtful
Americans.
A LESSON FROM LONDON.
That sort of thing is not to be dismissed contempt
uously.' -It undoubtedly represents an Eastern senti
ment of considerable strength. It is, however,
founded ori igno'rance and can be overcome by plain
statements of the truth. It has been estimated by
competent . engineers that . there are upward of
7S,ooo,ooo acres of land in the Union that can be re
deemed by irrigation at a cost of about $140,000,000,
or less/than $2 an acre. The land thus redeemed will
yield five times as much as any of those Maryland
acres which the American says can be had so cheaply.
The lands, moreover, would not be productive of
centipeds and tarantulas any more than the- Maryland
fields produce the pluguglies of Baltimore. Such
facts must be made known, for until we have con
verted ignorance of the East into a clear understand
ing of the enterprise it is not likely to be undertaken
by Congress.
The millions that the. Government will be asked to
spend. on this and other , Irrigation schemes will be for
the benefit of enterprising .wtiite men, who, i? they.thlnk
there Is pressing need of such works, should Invest their
own money in tho project. Even 1 If these works. were
built. It is doubtful If they would pay the Interest on.tha
Investment Tho waters of these streams are limited,
and extremely so Is the area which could by any possi
bility be irrigated. One would think from tho repre
sentations of this congress that all the arable land In
the country was used up, and it was. necessary for tho
Government to come forward and rescue the people
from starvation. Thero are hundreds of thousarfls of
acre3 in Maryland to-day' which do not need any irriga
tion, and which may be bought for one-half the price
per aero that the speculators demand for theso arid
alkali deserts In the Southwest; Settlers have here
churches, echools, society and good order, while out
thero they have the burning sands of the desert and a
politic convocation of tarantulas, centipeds, rattle
snakes an'd jrfla monsters.
To overcome that opposition and win over the in
different to'an earnest support of the plan a consider
able campaign of education is still necessary. 'As an
illustration of the nature of the antagonism we liave
tc meet it may be noted that the. Baltimore American
recenfly described irrigation in Arizona as "a scheme
worth watching," ana stated, "It is hinted the Na
tional Irrigation Congress will endeavor to make a
raid on Congress," and then went on to say:
WHflT WE hflVE. TO FIGHT.
WHILE most of the Eastern papers have noted
the proceedings of the recent irrigation r con
gress^ at Chicago with. fairness, very few have
wsrmly indorsed_the plan for undertaking irrigation
at once, and some\have strongly antagonized it.. In
that section of the Union, therefore, the enterprise
will be received' with a good deal of indifference, n
little cordial support and much in the way of active,
opposition. , .'-¦¦¦ ;
FRIDAY.... NOVEMBER 30, 1900 J
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
3IAXAC;nn'h OFFIcn Telephone Frew 20 1
rCBLICATlOX OFFICE MarLrt and Third. S. F.
Telephone rrena SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS. ... .217 to 22t Stevenson St.
Telephone Pre.i 202.
Delivered l»y Cnrrlern, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Single Copied. 5 Cents.
Term* »>> .Mall. Including I'oMflcei
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday), one year $6.03
DAILY CALL <:n<_-iuii:ns Sunday). 6 months 3-00
UAIL.T CALt. (including Sunday), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By EJarle Month 55c
6TXDAX CALL. On* Tear 1-50
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All poatma«ter« are authorized to receive
• nhftcriptlon*.
Barep> eople* will b« forwarded when requested.
Ma'I subscribers In ordering change of address should be I
particular to gtve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order j
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request, j
OAKLAND OFFICE 11 IS Broadway
C. GBORGB KKOG5ESS,
f/tnager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 261S.") ,
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATIVE:
STEPHE\ U. SMITH 3O Tribune Bulldlns
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS: '
Waldorf-Artoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 21 Union Square:
Murray 111:1 Hotel.
%
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Shfncan House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
VVASIIIXCTOX <D. C.i OFFICI3. . . .14OG G St., X. \T.
MOHTOX I-:. CRAXB, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 8:S9 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 1:80 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:Z0 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
S:S0 o'cIckIc. 1941 Uisclon. open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 109« Valencia, open
until ? o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
r.<r Twerty-fecond and Kentucky, open until 9 o'.dock.
It is to be noted that the-e is on the British side in
South Africa a greater man than either Kitchener or
Roberts; and that man is Cecil Rhodes, the author
of the war. He has declared himself emphatically
for a policy of conciliation at any and every cost. In
a recent speech before ihe South African League at
Cape Town he said: "If I could say a word to the
Dutch, I would say, 'For goodness sake, drop this
business about the late war and its bitterness. The
whole country is one, and what a work we have be
fore us.' " Thus he purposes to appeal to the self
interests of the patriots to pet to work, to develop
their country and to make it rich, promising equal
rights and privileges to all. If that policy be adopted
and Kitchener's harsh methods set aside there may
yet be a solution of the problem that will not stagger
civilization, but it must be admitted that at this time
the prospects are far from cheering.
DOWN in South Africa there is going on one
of "those great world tragedies whose problems
have never yet been solved to the satisfaction of
humanity. On the one side is the force of a great
empire tending to progress and the advancement of
civilization, and on the other a free people opposed
to progress and to change, holding fast to the ways
of their fathers and resolved to die rather than sur
render that freedom. The human intellect approves
the cause of the empire, but the heart sympathizes
with the indomitable patriots. Between the two there
is no longer organized war; there is only the struggle
{ of military power against the strength of an armed
and desperate people. Civilization stands half af
frighted at the task imposed upon her, and even in
Great Britain itself earnest and noble minds are doubt
ing whether anything victory can give will repay the
appalling cost required to achieve it.
In his recent speech at the Lord Mayor's banquet,
Salisbury indicated a clear conception of the diffi
culties, that confront him in dealing with the prob-
I lem, and his only word of goo'd cheer on the subject
; was the expression of a hope that ere long repre
sentatives of the burghers of the Transvaal and of the
Orange Free State may have seats "in the Imperial
Parliament and the conquered provinces be recon
ciled to become parts of the "empire as self-govern
ing states.
The expression "of such a hope indicates on the
part of the British Premier an intention, or at least a
desire, to pursue in South Africa a policy of concilia
tion. It suggests, however, nothing definite in the
way of immediate policy, nor intimates how concilia
tion can be effected with men resolved to die rather
than accept conciliation upon any other terms than
those of absolute independence.
The situation so far from clearing up after the dis
pcrsion of the Boer armies has grown darker. It is
now evident that Kruger's retirement from South
Africa was not a flight, but a movement for protract
ing the war by appealing to the sympathies of Europe
and to the interests of the nations on the side of the
patriots. So far as the representatives of the Boers
have spoken at all their voices have been anything
but weak or timid. Thus Kruger himself said at Mar
seilles I "I have fought with savages, but the present
war is even worse. We will never surrender. We ar;
determined to fight to the last extremity, and if the
republics of the Transvaal and the Orange Free State
lose their independence it will be because they have
lost every man, woman and child."
Olive Schreiner, speaking to a woman's convention
at Cape Town, said recently: "I know not how it is
with you; but for me, though I' should live to be a
very old woman, never again while I live shall I hear
the name of England spoken or see it written but I
shall hear a whisper, 'The oppressor.'" And again
she said: "I know the day will come when hands
will rise which will in actuality unfurl the republi
can flags and they will float free across South Africa.
We may not live to see it; many of us may go down
in tears and sorrow and blood to our graves; but the
future is with the republicans."
Of course, too much importance ritast not be at
tached to words like these. The fierce cry for
vengeance on the part of the conquered has been
heard after every great war. It came from the South
immediately after our Civil t War, and it was heard
for many a year from France after the war with Ger
many. Time has cured those passions. Southern
men in the war against Spain fought as valiantly as
those from the North under the flag of the nation;
and in France to-day the cry for "revanche" has given
way to talk of an alliance with Germany against
Great Britain. The men and women of South Africa
whose voices now sound like the roar heard from a
"Numidian desert, with all her lions up," may grow
calmer with' the years;
THE. SOUTH AFRICAN TRAGEDY.
set forth by Mr. Carlisle, it is not altogether accurate.
Bryanism is an outcome of Populism, and Populism
did not start in the South, though the Southern
Democrats after fighting it in their own States allied
themselves with it in, the West for the purpose of de
feating the Republicans. That element of disconteni
which has made Bryanism so formidable a force can
not be allayed by Southern conservatives. The
Southerners betrayed -the Democratic organization to
Bryan, but it is by no means. certain that- they can take
it away. Despite all that Carlisle and others of his po
litical faith may hope, the chances are that when next
the parties of the country align themselves in a strug
gle for the Presidency,"the conservatives of the South
will have to unite themselves with the Republican
party and leave their old organization in the hands to
which they surrendered it in 1896.
NEW JAPANESE CABINET
ABREAST OF THE TIMES
seemed to meet pretty general approval,
including that of Count Okuma, leader of
the opposition. Baron Kaneko has held
official positions before— as Vice Minister
and also Minister of Agriculture and Com
merce. He also took a prominent part in
assisting Marquis Ito In the compilation
of .the Imperial constitution, and has
served as secretary of either the Cabinet
or one of the houses of the Diet, I cannot
now recall which. He Is an alumnus of
Harvard, "an erudite Jurisconsult," who
last year received the degree of LL.D.
from his American alma mater.
Count Okuma and people in general also
approve most heartily the appointment of
Mr. Kato to the foreign office. Mr. Kato
speaks English perfectly and has had Inti
mate experience of foreign affairs for
many years. During his tenure of of
fice as Japanese representative in London
he acquitted himself in such a way as to
acquire exceptional popularity among
Englishmen, while at the same time sen
sibly promoting his country's Interests.
Baron Suyematsu is Marquis Ito's son
in-law and served as Minister of Commu
nications In the Ito Cabinet of 1S98. He
was once a member of the Nlchi-NIchi
Shimbun's staff, and afterward received
his first official appointment as an em
ploye of the Cabinet in October. 1S75. In
January, 1S7S, he undertook a series of
investigations into English and French
historical compilations, and was then
transferred to the foreign office as third
class secretary and appointed to the le
gation In London, but he soon resigned
that post for the purpose of studying- at
Cambridge University, where he obtained
the degrees of bachelor of law and bach
elor of arts. Returning to Japan in lSSfi
he became chief of the legislative bureau.
For distinguished service during the war
with China, he was raised to the nobility
with the patent of baron. lie resigned
his official position In 1S93 and entered the
lower house, where ho showed consider
able ability as a debater.
The comments of the vernacular press
are, on the whole, favorable to the new
Cabinet. One paper calls It a "bundle of
rags" and disapproves the whole slate.
Now this paper objects to Viscount Wat
anabe, and is "Inclined to think that
round men have been put into square
holes." But the other papers are glad to
have new blood Infused into administra
tive life.
The outcome of this experiment In Ja
panese politics will be watched with the
keenest interest. It is almost useless to
make any forecasts, however, because In
the Orient "the unexpected always hap
pens." and some little thing may suddenly
upset all one's calculations.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
An Irrigation Problem.
Now that the public lands. in the humid
and sub-humid areas are practically all
taken up, It Is natural and inevitable that
the problem of dealing with these nep
lected portions of territory should call
more urgently for solution. — CHICAGO
.\KWS.\
Opposed to Partnership.
Instead of admitting all Europe to part
nership In an American affair, we shouli
try as soon as possible to dissolve part
nership with England. If we can have a
Nicaragua canal only at the price of La
ropean control, we had .better- have no
canal. We are stronger and safer with
out It than we would be with if under
such condltions.-CHICAGO INTLK
OCEAN.
Lord Eosebery's Dream.
The picture which Lord Roseberry
paints of the procession of the King. Par
liament and archives of the British em
pire sailing across the Atlantic under con
voy of the most powerful fleet of the na
tions to transfer the capital of the great
est of empires to New York, Chicago. St.
Louis or some other point on this side of
the ocean, would be a grander spectacle
than any which the world has seen, or
probably than it ever will see, but the
possibility of continued union between
England" and America which it assumes la
only a dream.— ST. LOUIS GLOBE-DEM
OCRAT.
How Good Koads May Come.
There Is one department of the Federal
Government that Is now doing more to
promote the cause of good roads all over
the Union than could ever be dona
through a department of Inquiry or sta
tistics in connection with the Department
of Agriculture.. The PostofRce Depart
ment, through the establishment of free
rural mall delivery routes, promises to
furnish the impelling force fqr stirring up
apathetic granger Legislatures to the ne
cessity for enacting practical good roads
laws that will enable counties to tak<»
hold of the .work energetically and scien
tincally.-CHICAGO. TIMES-HERALD.
Southerners and Prosperity.
The Southern people are just as anxious
that the country should be prosperous as
the Northern people are. They will place
no obstruction In the way of any policy
the President may suggest that has for
its object the continuance of the good
times. They will not attempt to haul
down the flags In any places where they
have been honorably raised or oppose any
legislation upholding the constitution. In
all his efforts to make all the American
people happy and prosperous Mr. McKln
ley may count upon the support of the
people of the South.— ARKANSAS GA
ZETTE.
The Fifteenth Amendment.
Why cannot the people of the North
have the manliness to come up to the
scratch, acknowledge that they made a
fearful blunder In adopting the fifteenth
amendment, and act like men by repeal
ing it and leaving suffrage where It
should be, under the control of each
State? If thl3 were done the individual
negroes would be given the right to vota
in every Southern State as fast as they
Qualified themselves to exercise the right
Intelligently, and in this way the negroes
would get all that they are entitled to.
and the South would become an orderly,
peaceful and happy land.— RICHMOND
TIMES.
Sanitary Science.
Dr. George G. Graff, Acting Commis
sioner of Education in Porto Rico, asserts
that living conditions In Cuba and Porto
Rico may, with sanitary science and a
brake upon the Inbreeding of degxad^l
races, be made as favorable as any of
our own Southern States below the Car
olinas. Like testimony comes from those
who have had a living knowledge of tho
Philippines. These districts need moral
and physical cleansing and civilization.
Once purified they will become fit habl
tation for our coming citizens and un
spoiled ground upon which the genius of
the nation may build yet higher.— NEW
YORK PRESS.
Result of Prosperity.
We observe that the announcement that
our present revenues are producing a
surplus, and that the Ways and Means
Committee Is already at work shaping a
reduction of "twenty or thirty millions a
year, is received by the country rather
with tranquil satisfaction and speculation
as to the probability of immunity from
the adhesive revenue stamp than with the
feverish Joy which attends the sudden
lifting of a crushing load. All this is an
incident of the prosperous times that
came with McKlnley. The financing of
the war period has been not less fortu
nate than the other Important features
of his historic administration.— NEW
YORK SL'N.
Historical Retribution.
In a discussion In the Reichstag Gen
eral von Gossler declared that what the
German troops are doing In. China is
"merely retaliation for what the Huns
did to us for centuries." This theory of
philosophical and historical retribu
tion is forcible and far-reaching. It
supposes the German troops to have
ransacked primeval history to have
discovered . that the Huns were cous
ins In indefinite defrreea of the Mon
gols;- to have learned that the Mon
gols approved the ravages of the Hurn
or would have approved If they had
known of them, and that the present
Chinese must suffer for the sins of their
fathers, not in the third or fourth, but
in the fortieth or fiftieth generation.—
PITTSBl'RG- DISPATCH. ' - -
PERSONAL MENTION.
-•V-: ; \
Dr. J. J. Miller of San Jose. Is at the
Occidental.
W. A. \ r elth, the Fresno vlneyardist, Is
at the Grand.
Philip Rowe, the Sonora. mining man.
Is at the Lick.
Judge William P. Veuve of Los Gatos
Is at the California.
T. W. Mather, the Napa merchant. Is
registered at the California.
Rev. Joseph F. Durao of Honolulu is at
the Occidental prior to going East.
Dr.- G. A. Dungan of Eureka was
among yesterday's arrivals a^ the Grand.
Stewart. P. Elliott of the United States
Army transport service Is registered at
the Occidental.
. W. E. Johnson, a prominent Eastern
railroad man. Is registered from Washing
ton at the Russ. ' . /.
Dr. Klbbery of Honolulu came In on the
Honolulu boat yesterday and Is staying
at the Occidental.
Dr. W. G. Downing, wife and two
daughters of Sulsun are at the Lick. They
came down to attend the football game.
Dr. L. A. Bauer of the United States
Coast ' Survey, with headquarters in
Washington, is stopping atf the Grand for
a few days.
Dr. R. B. Chapman of^Honolulu and T.
J. Carlile, a Boston capitalist, are at the
California. . Both are on a sightseeing
tour of the country.
.John, Brander and I. T. Brander of Ta
hiti, two of the largest plantation owners
lri that country, arrived here yesterday
and are quartered at the California. : ; ,
of the rock was first by hand drills, but
later on by machinery and quick ex
plosives.
WAGXER— A. C. R., City. For books
that will give a reader a flrst-class know.,
edge of Wagner arid his works, reaJ
\\ aprner s Literary Works," published in '
Lelpsic. 1S71; "The Nibelungen Trilogie.-i
by G. Kobbe, an exhaustive review in
Grover's Dictionary of Music and Musi
cians"; "Richard Wagner. His Life and
ANorks," from the French of Adolphe
WAS WITHOUT DEBT— S.. City. There
was a time In the history of the Union
when the States were practically out of
debt. On January 1, 1791. the bonded debt
of the United States was $73,453,477. Dur
ing the following seventeen years the
debt fluctuated slightly about the eighty
million point, then dropped down to $45 -
209,738 in 1812. The war with England sent
it up to $127,000,000 in 1S17. This was rapid
ly liquidated and In 1836. for the first time
in the history of the country, there was
practically no debt. The Secretary of the
Treasury in his report to Congress under
date of December 8, 1S35, gave the amount
of the public debt outstanding 1 as $328 3S°
and that remained unpaid solely because
the payment was not demanded, ampie
funds to meet all obligations having been
deposited in the United States bank and
with the commissioner of loans.
SHERIFF AND SUPERINTENDENT—
F. Q., City. The following named were
candidates "for the office of Sheriff and
for that of Superintendent of Public
Streets subsequent to the year 1876 at
each election held since that date-
Septembers. 1S7T— Sheriff, M. Xunan- R. c
Rogers and T. O. Cockrlll; Superintendent of
Streets. John Hasan: L. M. Manzer. Horace
Adams and W. J. Richardson. ••»•.=
September 3, 1S79— Sheriff. J c Green*
Thomas Desmond, Robert Howe; Superintend'
ent. William Patterson; W. N\ Staley. Edward
F. Drum. *.
September 7. 1SS1— Sheriff, John Sedrwlck-
Thomas Desmond. Thomas Donohue, M J Me"
Bride; Superintendent, R. J. Graham*- E F
Drum. J. J. Gullfoyle, p. A. Dolan. '
November 7. ISS2— Sheriff, John SedewlrV-
Patrick Connolly. J. M. Stiles; Superintendent
C. U. P.UEBles; T. J.-I.own<»y. I>. Ahern
November 4, 1SS1— Sheriff, Peter HoDklna
William Patterson. William L. Merry- Sunir*
intendent, T. J. Lowney. C. S. P.uggles- John
Calvert, C. B. Williams. XiU W«e»,_ John
TT N xY el ?. ber 2 * lss6 - s heriff. William McMann-
H. H. Pearson. R. I. Whelan. W. W Dodee
Denis Kearney; Superintendent. T. Ashnm-h'
D. McLeod. P. McGreal, John Kellyj p
Nounan •
November 8. 1888— Sheriff. C. S. Laumeister-
J. R. Kelly. W. W. Dodge: Superintendent Ir
vine Graham; Thomas Ashworth.
November 4, 1830-Sherlff, ' C. S. Laumelster-
M. J- O'Brien. P. J. White. William ffi:
Superintendent. J. GUleran; L. J. Welch oh
Sinclair. Peter Roberts. W. H. Beckwith
November 6. 1892— Sheriff. W. J Blattner H
Chester. D. L. Howard. J. J. McDade. '11* H*
Scott: Superintendent, W\ • W: Ackerson fhos'
Ashworth. S.-H. Depuy. Charles Greene RH
\\ ood.
November «, lS94-Sherlft, P. I,. Archibald J
McXab. M. Morton, WV'J. Reddick R* 1
Whelan; Superintendent, T. Ash worth P* a"
Dolan, C. K. Grunsky. G. E. Pierce' J* n
Thompson. R. H. Woods. ' 7 .„
November 8, 1895— Superintendent. W F -Am
brose. G. W. Elder. D. L. Farnsworth D K
McDonald, August Miller, K. P. TVetmore "
November 8, 189S-SherlfT. T. F. BonneV J
H." Hall. H. S. Martin; Superintendent " T*
Berestord, • R." P.- Doolan, M. F. Fragley
November S. 1899— Sheriff. John Lack'mann
Jeremiah Deasey, l*on Gasser. George Flaml
men (Office of superintendent of Streetn abol
ished by the new charter. )
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
WALTER DAMROSCH-A. C. R, City.
Walter Damrosch will not repeat in this
city the lecture he recently gave.
THE OATH— S., City. The oath pre
pcribed and taken by the President of the
United States in entering upon the duties
of his offic"e is administered by the Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States.
THREE DOLLAR PIECE— Collector,
City. A three dollar piece of the United
States, coined in 1575, is a rare coin. Ic
commands from dealers from J12 to $22
premium over and above face value. The
value is graded by the perfectness of con
dition in, which it is. •..¦-¦
WOMEN IN BUSINESS-C. W., Cal.
Two women might, learn to keep a store
by serving for a time as clerks or sales
women in a-store in the line of business
they wish to .enter and being close ob
servers as to business methods. No It
cense is required in San Francisco. to sell
goods, -wares and merchandise at a fixe:
place of business. A person can ascertain
the names of the best wholesale houses
by communicating with one of the mer
cantlle agencies. All business: firms give
limited credit to persons in business who
are well known or who are vouched ffcr.
HELL GATE, ROCK-C. W., City. The
work 'of preparing for destroying' Hell
Gate rock in New York harbor * also called
Hallet Point - Reef, ¦ was -; commenced . In
October, 1869, and i continued, . with various
delays, until -June. . 1875, . the actual work-
Ing period being four years and four
months. The rock: was destroyed by ei
plosion September 24,; 1876. The tunneling
TEE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVE3IBER 3O, l»Ou.
¦ ¦ / ¦ ¦ •¦ .
FTVB OJ* THE MEMBERS OF MARQUIS ITO'S NEW CABINET, WHO
HAVE THE ADVANTAGES OF YOUNG BLOOD AND DECIDEDLY
LIBERAL IDEAS.
Perhaps the most interesting feature of
this Cabinet is the fact that Marquis Ito
Is the only representative of the so-called
olf er statesmen and that all the portfolios
are held by comparatively young men. It
was expected by many that there would
be at least one more representative of the
older statesmen In the person of Marqui3
Ito's old. and intimate friend. Count In
ouye. - His financial ability is universally
recognized to be of the highest order and
he possesses the complete confidence of
business circles.
Of the youngr men Mr. Matsuda and Mr.
Havashi have been very prominent in
both the Liberal party and the House of
Representatives. They were both mem
bers of that short-lived "popular Cabi
net" organized in 1898 by Counts Okuma
and Itugakl. At that time j*i.r. Matsuda
was Minister of Finance and Mr. Haya
shi was Minister of Communications.
What qualifications the' latter has for
Mlniste* of Aerlculturo and Commerce
have not been stated. Concerning Mr.
Matsuda as Minister of Education the
Japan Times says: "A roan of modern
education and strictly pure in morals, h?
Is particularly well fitted to preside over
the department to which he has been ap
pointed." It is certainly to be hoped that
he will adopt a liberal policy toward
Christian schools.
The appointment of Baron Kaneko
Of the seven new Ministers who are to
serve under Marquis Ito five were active
leaders of the Liberal party, which re
cently dissolved and now forms the prin
cipal part of the , Constitutional Political
Association. But the other two, Baron
Kaneko and Mr. Kato, are non-partisan.
THE new Jaoanese Cabinet, the
fourth that Marquis Ito has formed
since the Introduction of the Cab
inet system, will have no light task
ahead of it In the settlement of the
Chinese question. To the task, however,
it brings much new blood and Is chock
full of advanced Ideas. It is composed as
follows: .Minister President, Marq.uis Ito;
Minister of Finance, Vlacount Watanabo;
Minister of Home Affairs, Baron Suyera
atsu; Minister of Justice, Baron Kaneko;
Minister of Agriculture and Commerce.
Mr. Hayashl; Minister of Education. Mr.
Matsuda; Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mr.
Kato; Minister of Communications, Mr.
Hoshl: Minister: of "War, Viscount Kat
sura; Minister^ of Navy, Admiral* Yama
moto.
The Supervisors are again making a serious effort
to force the telephone monopoly to pay its just debts
to the city. It is not surprising that the company is
meeting the endeavor with an impudence which is fit
companion to the insolence with which it treats the
public.
•C ¦¦¦»*¦¦¦ T'll r .
Ex-Mayor Ellert is of the opinion that the local
Civil Service Commission is a body of dangerous
theorists. But Mr. Ellert should not forget that the
Commissioners "have been guilty of practices which
are worse than their theories.
The Board of Supervisors, appears to have reached
the conclusion that its associate in local administration
ts a de]usion,and a, snare. It .is. strange, how long it
takes some ; people to learn what others thoroughly
understand. ",. * '•"" ; :
Some surprise has. been caused by' the fact that an
insane man attempted to prevent a police raid on on
of-the Chinese -gambling dens. Perhaps the unusual
and rare character of the performance upset the poor
fellow's mind.
The American millionaire who has decided to pay
the debts of his; son-in-law, the Duke of, Manchester
is probably congratulating hi mse if that his family is
not large and that the visible supply of British/Dukes
is small. 1 . .
It is said' that th,e national Democracy hat decided
not to; reorganize. : Friends' of the'old lady have prob'.
ably made desperate efforts to find her shattered frag
ments and have failed. ' . .
' n; X-SECRETARY CARLISLE has just made
his contribution toward the, subject of Demo-
* — * cratic reorganization and reform. He has
"nothing to say.a^ to the form the reorganization
should take, or as to the new policies that should be
adopted, but much concerning the source from which
the reform movement should come and the methods
by which it should proceed. •
His argument is that the Democrats of the South
ern States are more responsible for Bryanism than
nny other class of people; that so long as he holds
control of the Democratic machine in the South, so
long will Bryan dominate the party in the nation;
a"nd, consequently, no njatter where the reform move
ment be initiated or what particular course it take, its
support must come mainly from . the South. He
points out that of the 155 electoral votes secured at
the recent election for the candidate nominated by the
three allied political parties, only thirteen were
chosen outside of the Southern States, and these thir
teen were chosen in only four States by popular ma
jorities aggregating less than 50,000.
Mr. Cat nsle notes further that, in thus allying itself
with the four mining States— Colorado, Idaho, Mon
tana arid Nevada — upon free silver and other Populist
policies, the South has engaged in unnatural politics,
inasmuch as it has voted against its own interests,
.which are the same as those of the great industrial
and commercial States. The course thus pursued is
doubly injurious to the South, for it not only interferes
with the material advancement of the Southern people
but gives them false political ideals and weakens their
influence in the. nation.
As to the reform movement itself Mr. Carlisle said:
"I do not think it makes much difference wire re it
originates, provided it is made in good faith and on
the proper basis. What I mean to say is, that if the
Democrats of the South will inaugurate the move
ment, or will' join their real friends and natural politi
cal allies, in an effort to unite their forces on a sound
and conservative basis, the breach in the party will
'be closed at once, and the recent unfortunate episode
in its history will be, remembered oniyas a warning
against future attempts to revolutionize the organiza
tion by coalitions xvith the advocates of undemocratic
doctrines."
* While there is an element of truth in the vievv thus
SCUTHERN RESPONSIBILITY.
WERE our universities treated as commercial
bodies and their activities reported in ' the
language of trade it would be announced just
now that there is a large demand all over the country
for Filipino students, and that, while the bigger uni
versities are suspected of trying to corner the mar
ket, there is no reason to doubt that the more en
terprising of the smaller institutions will' be able to
get their orders filled, provided they apply early. t
Such language would in no way exaggerate the
situation. In fact, our Eastern reports lead us to be
lieve that, while the demand for American students
continues firm and the offerings are from fair to mid
dling, with premiums for football players, there 13
something like a boom in the importation of Filipino
students.
It appears that no university in the East regards
itself as a real live institution unless it has at least
the prospect of several Filipino students on its rolls.
Nor is the demand confined to universities. Other
cducational institutions are in the market and are
eager bidders. Thus we learn that as soon as Yale
had made a bid of free tuition to "selected Filipinos,"
two normal schools in Minnesota immediately made
a bid for four each of the same quality on the same
ttrms.
Our Pacific Coast universities being on th- western
shore line of the continent have, of course, first chance
and choice in selecting Filipinos, unless shipped by
way of Europe. We could, therefore, command a
grade a little better, at least, than even that which at
Yale has been graded as "selected." It is to be hoped,
however, our university authorities will not attempt a
corner on the market. Every Eastern university, col
lege or normal school desiring a Filipino should be
permitted to have one. Our universities should, go
forward in the work of educating our own young men
and women. There is no use wasting money in specu
lating in selected Filipinos in a crowded and over-
6
AUCTION RAT/F.R.
Cy Wm. Cx. I.yarip— Monday evening, December 8, at 7:45
o'clock— Thorcusiibred yearlings, at 721 Howard street.
Ey B. P. Oli ver— W>dn«»»day. December 12. at 12 o'clock.
Roa.1 Estate, at 2Z3 Sutter etreet.
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcaxar— "S^vpn-TweEty-Eight."
Cc'.urnb'.a— "The Pinging Girl."
Tlvcll— "'A Jolly Musketeer."
Alhatnbra. — Herrmann, th» Great.
'"feUfornla— Haverly'a Minstrel*.
« rpheum— Vaudeville.
<;ran<S Opei*-house— ••GotterdaaimerucK."
<"'lyn:pia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Special tie«.
Chutes. Zoc ana Tbeater — Vaudeville enriry afternoon and
Evenirr.
nscterth-Taaflertllai
Tar.foran Tark-Haceg to-day.
Choice candles. Townaend's.Palace Hotel.*
Tcwnsentl's California place fruits. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap.: bas-
kets. 633 Market. Palace Hotel butldins. *
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
f ress Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 310 Alan--
ijomery st. Teiepnone Main 1042. •
Wrest-Tell you, friena, th© rich ha*
their troubles. ,
Daxvson— Bet your life I do. Onst when
I had two pair ofTJanta I found the labor
of chanptn r things from one set of pock-
ets to the other Bet of pockets almost
raore'n I could stand.— Indianapolis Presa.
If You're in a Hurry Take the <4 Over-
land Limited,"
Leaving San Francisco dally at 19 a, m.. via
Central Pacific. Union Padnc and Chicago and
North-western railways, and arrt-rtnjr at Chicago
at »:30 a, m. the third day. A solid veitiouled
train of Kperb splendor, carrying Pullman
double drawing-room sleepers, dining car ar.4
buffet smoking and library car. San Francisco
to Chicago without change. Only four days to
New York and Boston. If you want luxury
and comfort combined with ipeed and safety
mite the "Overland limited."
ADVERTISEMENTS^
THIN CHILD
If a child is thin, let him
take a little of Scott's emulsion
of cod-liver oil.
Some children like it too
well; begin with a little. A
half- or quarter-teaspoonf ul is
enough at first, if the stomach
is weak; but increase, as you
find the stomach will bear.
The effect is: the little one
takes on strength; gets hungry,
eats and is happy; gets fat — he
ought to • be fat— and gets
healthy.
We'll tend you a little to try it 70a HVe.
SCOTT & BOWNE, 409 Pea^ street, Vtm York
"White*— I understand youns Green lost
all the money his father left him on th«
races, and he's now looking for a Job. H«
won't have so soft a thin? as he has had.
Brown- Oh. I don't know: he'll have ¦
soft thing: as lens: as he doesn't lose hi*
head.— Chicago News.
A GAY SEASON la promised at Hotel del
Coronado. .Coronado. Cal., this winter with a
Jolly houseful; «m expert golf tournament.- meet-
ing: of field; trials club," hunting, fishing, boat-
ing, dancing, eto. •Tee Louie, a sacrilegious Chinese, stole
a robe valued at $50 from the Josb house
on Pine street, near Kearny, yesterday
morning. He was observed by Ah Loo,
tho Janitor, who started In pursuit. Po
liceman Reavis Joined In the chase and
soon overtook Yeo Louie, who was booked
at the City Prison on a charge of petty
larceny. .... ...
Robbed a Joas House.
John B. Reynolds, an upholsterer, went
into P. H. Meyer's saloon at 209 Valencia
sreet yesterday morning at 10 o'clock. He
told the bartender. Henry Finnin, that he
had been out all night on a "drunk" and
asked If he could lie down on the lounge
in a rear room. He lay down and about
1:30 o'clock Finnin was startled to dis
cover that he was dead. The body was
removed to the Morgue. Reynolds was
28 years of age and lived at 728 Fell street.
Ho was a heavy drinker, which !s sup
posed to have been the cause of death.
Found Dead in a Saloon.
Clafes A. Nov. 26, 1900. 12 Largest Prizes
17,303 $2000.00
R7 f 86B. . .. . — — I000.0Q
20,437... 500.00
50.527...... ..... 250.00
37,817..... ,.. 200.00
37,991... :.. 100.00
61,464... 100 00
9,715. . . . ....... . . 50,00
21,784............. 50.00
32,080............. 50.00
46,660,.- ..... — 50.00
51,068 .-...-••... 50.00
.'Prises cashed at room 34, 128 Kearnr street.*
ORIGINAL LITTLE MECKLENBURG
LOTTERY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
Every seat was filled Wednesday night at
the entertainment given by. the residents
of South San Francisco In the large hall at
Fourteenth and Railroad avenues for the
benefit of the building fund of the new
hall to be erected for All Hallow Catholic
Church as a place where lectures and
other exercises may be held. The Rev-
Father D. O. Sullivan and his assistant"
Rev. Father D. I-ane. were present and
much delighted with the large attendance
present. The clergy have Just purchased
a lot for $1800 adjoining the church upon
which it is their intention to erect the
hall.
Entertainment for All Hallow's.
On Saturday next. December 1. the' Swiss
Relief Society of California will give an
entertainment and ball at Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner of Market/and Seventh
streets, for the benefit of its treasury The
affair Is in charge of a number of promi
nent Iadle3 and gentlemen of the local
Swiss colony. The entertainment will
commence at 8 o'clock, and a very at
tractive programme, consisting of vocal
and instrumental music, moving pictures
and tableaus. has been arranged. A verv
enjoyable time is assured, and the object
of the undertaking is one that deserves
the generous support of the people of this
city.
Entertainment by Swiss Society.
Miss Helen - Johnston "Weds.
LONDON. Nov. 29.— Miss Helen John
ston, a niece of ex-Embassador to France
J •¦ B. Eustis, was married to-day to Cap
tain MJnnsley. The marriage was quiet
and was performed by , Mgr. Vaughan.
The honeymoon will be spent In Paris.
KANSAS CITY. Nov. 29.— Two Burling
ton passenger trains collided head on in a
fog at Harlem, Mo., across the river from
here this morning. Beyond a severe
shaking up the passengers escaped Injury.
C D Boyd. tourist agent of the Burling
ton route, was slightly Injured being
thrown across the car, and Milton Mchols.
a brakeman, was cut and bruised. The
engines were locked together and badly
damaged. None of the cars left the track.
The train? were the 7*25 from St. Louis,
which was late, r.nd the Chicago passen
ger, which left the union depot nt 7:30
from the north.
German Minister at Nicaragua.
MANAGUA. Nov. 29.— The German Min
ister to Central America. Baron von Eyb.
arrived here yesterday and visited Nica
ragua's Minister of Foreign Relations.
The new Minister was accorded the honor
of a "musical" by the national band. His
formal reception by President Zelaya
takes place to-day.
PASSENGER TRAINS RUN ¦
TOGETHER IN A FOG
Beyond a Severe Shaking Up the
Passengers Sustain No Ssrious
Injury.
BERLIN. Nov. 29.— Prince von Radolin.
the German Embassador at St. Peters
burg, ¦will succeed Prince Munster von
Hamburger Correspondenz.on the reslg
cording to a reml-offlclal article In the
Hamburger Correspondente, on the resig
ration of Prince von Munster.
' The Berlin Tagblatt is of the opinion
that the German Government has taken
the first opportunity to recall Prince von
Radolin from St. Petersburg, where his
position In consequence of certain differ
ences with court society, has long been
untenable. ' ' •
Prince von Radolln. on account or his
connection -with Poland and by reason of
the relationship of his wife to the Talley
rand family, would soon establish good
relations in"Parls.
Prince Herbert von Bismarck fs spoken
of as Von Radolln's successor. The Ber
liner Tageblatt states that Von KIderlin
"Wachter the German Minister at Bucha
rest, has also good chances of being ap
pointed.
Prince von Radolin, German Embas
sador at St. Petersburg, to
Get the Billet.
TO SUCCEED VON DORNEBERG.
AT THE FRENCH CAPITAL
Merchants' Association Banquet.
The number of accoutances of invita
tions to the annual Sinner of the Mer
chants' Association to be held next
"Wednesday evening has already exceeded
the limit of accommodations. The largest
dining room in the Palace Hotel has been
secured for this occasion and will afford
room for four hundred and fifty guests
The attendance will therefore be as largo
as it was last- year and sustain the record
of the association in giving the largest
annual banauet ever held in San Fran
cisco. The board of directors regrets the
necessity of being obliged to decline ac
ceptances received after the full limit had
been completed.
PHOENIX.. Ariz.. Nov. 29.— Frank How
ard was mysteriously shot last night while
he and his family were returning from
an entertainment. • The bullet lodged in
his left side near the heart. There is no
clew to the perpetrator and the cause of
the shooting is at present unknown. The
wound Is serious.
Mysteriously Shot.
VICTORIA. B. C. Nov. 29.— During Oc
tober, according to the news received here
to-day from Australia, a volcano on Beach
Island, one of the New Britain group, re
cently became active and caused great
upheaval on land and under sea. A num
ber of natives who went out to gather
the fish killed by the shock were drowned.
Thirty-two distinct shocks of earthquaka
were felt.
Earthquakes on Beach Island.
soldiers, were arrested early yesterday
morning anil booked at the City Prison
on a charge of robbery. The complaining
witness is William Mitchell, a miner from
Tuolumne County. Mitchell had been
drinking with the two soldiers and about
3 o'clock, while outside Mrs. Smith's sa
loon, 73S Howard street, they knocked
him down and robbed him of $50, so he
claims. They ran and He shouted for the
police.
Policeman J. H. Tyrell heard his cries
and ran after the two soldiers. He was
Joined by Policemen Hemenez. Mitchell
and O'Connell and they ran the fugitives
to ground on Natoma street. They were
taken back and Mitchell identified them
as the men who. he said, knocked him
down and robbed him. When searched
none of the coin was found in their
pockets, but a pair of gloves which
Mitchell Identified as hi? property was
found in one of Bradley's pockets
Mitchell was booked as "drunk" so that
he can be held as a witness.
They Are Accused of Rifling the
Pockets of William Mitchell.
. William Bradley and Bernard Briggs,
TWO SOLDIERS ARE
BOOKED FOR ROBBERY
HONOLULU. Nov. 21.— The Republican
of to-day says: Within thirty days suits
will be filed on behalf of the United States
to set aside all grants, sales and leases of
public lands made by the Territorial Gov
ernment of Hawaii since the 14th day of
June, 1900. The Republican is in position
to state this as an absolute fact, despite
the statement sent out from Washington
to the effect that the Department of J us
tlce denied that Attorney General John
W Griggs had Instructed District Attor
ney Baird to institute suits to set aside
all grants, sales, franchises and leases in
Hawaii granted since September 2s, lSttf.
First Circuit Judge Humphreys this
morning made an order from the bench
excluding reporters for the Honolulu Re
publican and the Advertiser from In front
of the railing in his court. The immediate
cause of the order in the case of the Re
publican was the publication of matter
which the Judge held should not have
been published in connection with the
Miner divorce case. In the case of the
Advertiser the cause was that paper's
comments upon his action in trying to
have the Republican editor brought before
him for contempt.
The result of the Judge's instructions to
the Attorney General to proceed against
the Republican was a reply to the effect
that thatpaper had acted within Its legal
rights. The Advertiser denounced the
whole proceeding as an advertising
scheme for the Republican, in which the
Judge is said to be a heavy stockholder.
Judge Humphreys' action' created a sen
sation, the last of a long series he has
created since he took his judgeshlp. He
declared that the reporters were only al
lowed within the rail as a privilege and
that the men from the two papers men
tioned had abused the privilege. His bail
iff has a standing order to keep them out.
Falls to His Death.
JACKSON. Xov. 29.— Another accident
occurred near here to-day in which James
FaFparo lost his life. He was at work in
the 300 level of the Oneida mine shaft
between Jackson and- Sutter Creek. At
this level there are two large water tank*.
Fassaro wished to stop the Water skip
and not knowing .whether it was abovo
or below looked over th«« edge of the shaft
as he gave the signal. At that instant the
skfp. which was coming up. struck him.
causing him to lose his balance and fa!l
to the bottom of. the fhaft. a distance of
1500 feet, into the sump. There were six
ty-five feet of water in the sump and yet
by prompt action It was emptied and the
body recovered In an hour and a half.
Fassaro was a man of some property, a
prominent member of the Druids and
Masons, and leaves a wife and seven
children.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Coryrieht. 1900. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
RIO JANEIRO, Brazil, Nov. 29.-A dis
patch from Manaos. Brazil, announces
that a volunteer corps is being organized
there to support the so-called republic of
Acre apainst the Bolivian troops. In view
of the assertion made by the Bolivian
Minister that the authorities of the State
of Amazonas are- giving active assistance
to the rebels, this announcement is re
garded as significant. Should the expedi
tion be permitted to take the field Bolivia
would probably make an emphatic pro
test. .
It Is reported here that the Bolivian
Ministers in Washington and London are
negotiating for the sale of Bolivia's rights
in Acre to an American syndicate. It Is
believed, however, that the rumor has
been circulated by representatives of Acre
for the object of discrediting Bolivia.
TROOPS BEING RAISED IN
ACRE TO FIGHT BOLIVIA
United States Is to Com
mence Actions in
Hawaii.
WILL SUE TO SET
ASIDE LAND SALES
Had Planned to Kill the Foreman of
a Mine and Met Death
Themselves.
PITTSBURG, :Nov. 29.— A Morpantown
Va., -special says: State Mine Inspector
James W. Paul of -West Virginia says the
recent mine disaster at Berry vllfe In
which fourteen lives were lost, waa' the
result of a conspiracy to kill the foreman
of the mine. The conspirators after Hcht
lnp the fuse stood at the entrance of the
mine, but the force of the explosion was
greater than they expected and they were
also killed. •
Stole Freight.
MOUND CITY. Kans., Nov. 29.— F. E.
Wesser was arrested here to-day by a' dp'
tective of the Chicago and Milwaukee
road on the charge of stealing three car
loads of frejght from the yard of tin- com
pany In Des Meoinea Wesser in some
way secured the bills pf lading for the
cars and got them to market, realizing
$1600. * B
CONSPIRATORS HOIST
WITH THEIR OWN PETARD
Oscar Cassell. Shoots Robert Leach
and May Be Lynched if He
Is Caught.
ttEUjSTON, Ohio. Nov. 29.-Oscar Cas
sell shot and killed Robert Leach at a
festival in the colored Methodist church
at Berlin Crossroads last night. Cassel!
fe'l against a horn which Robert Thomp
son was playing. The latter remonstrat
ed ami was attacked by Cassell. Leach
tried to stop the belligerents when
pulled e. gun and fired, the first shot pene
ttiulng Leach's heart. As Leach fell
dead, Cassell held the crowd at bay ana
eecaped to the woods. Tho affair created
Intense excitement in the church Tha
colored people threaten to lynch Cass«ll
If captured, as Leach was prominent and
ws'1-todo.
Last Seen in Company of Two Men
Who Had Brought Her a
WILKESBARRE. Pa., Xov. 29.—Mar
garet Kelly, a 16-year-old schoolgirl, is
believed to have been kidnaped from
Minors Mills by two strange men late yes
terday afternoon. The girl received a
note bearing the name of Rev Father
Kiernan, statins that he wanted to see
her. She left school and went away with
the two men and has not since been seen.
Her mother lived in Cleveland and was
visiting her sister at Miners Mills, when
she was taken ill and died. The mother
requested her sister to care for Margaret
and she was appointed administrator of
the de.id woman's estate.
Miss Margaret Kelly of Cleveland, an
aunt of the girl, held an Insurance policy
on the life of Margaret Kelly's mother
and the daughter was beneficiary.
¦:;:,.. •
MURDER DONE AT A
CHURCH FESTIVAL
SCHOOLGIRL THOUGHT TO
HAVE BEEN KIDNAPED
Rev. Father Lacombe Declares That
the Health of the Pontiff Is
Very Poor.
MONTREAL,, Nov. 29.— Rev Father I.a
combe. who leturned from Rome a short
time ago. is in the city, on his way to his?
mission field in the Canadian Northwest.
Regarding the Pope's condition he said*
"Yes, the end is near. The Holy Fath
ers health was very poor when I saw
htm a few weeks ago. He received me as
usual and questioned me concerning my
mission, in which he seemed to take a
great interest, but I could not help ob
serving that a great change had taken
place since last I saw him.
"He appeared thin and emaciated, and
his voice had a hollow ring. He was verv
feeble, so feeble, In feet, that he could
not move about without assistance. The
nudlence continued for upward of a quar
ter of an hour, and at its conclusion the
Holy Father blessed me and those, whom
I might bless on my return. As he left
the audience chamber I felt that I had
seen the Pope for the last time."
SAYS THE POPE IS FAST
APPROACHING HIS END
It Is not to be inferred from the enumera
tion of subjects above mentioned that the wit
nesses designated will not be examined upon
other matters properly before the court.
The board will meet Monday night to
consider the subject matter of the order.
mentioned should be prepared and authenti
cated in advance and be ready at the time of
examination of the respective witnesses.
In order to expedite the business of the court
3. The captain, executive officer, chief en
gineer and the commanding officers of the
First, Second and Engineer divisions are re
quested to express In writing their opinions
upon the first subject of inquiry • stated in spe
cial order No. 28 convening this court. They
will also be examined upon the hearing partic
ularly with reference to the advantages or dis
advantages of various possible locations for the
U. S. S. Marlon.
2. All officers or men whose duty It is to keep
a record* of the attendance of the officers or
men of the First. Second and Kngrineer divis
ions of the Xaval Militia, N. G. C. will be
required to furnish a written and detailed
statement of the same during the past elx
months and to produce at their examination all
papers, books and records upon which the
1. All officers whose duty it is to receive or
disburse public moneys will be required to fur
nish a written account of such receipts and dis
bursements, with vouchers, if any, for the past
twelve months. If the expenses of the service
are In part defrayed by voluntary contributions
an explanation as to the amount and source
thereof will also be required.
The board of inquiry appointed by the
Governor to look into the affairs of the
Xaval Militia has formulated the follow
ing order, which has been promulgated:
It Will Meet Monday to Consider
Points Brought Out-in an
Order.
BOAED OF INQUIRY
ON NAVAL MILITIA
CASTLE ROCK, Wash., Nov. 29.— A
double murder took place about two and
a half miles west of ihls place last night.
The victims were Cornelius Knapp and
his wife. No trace has yet been found of
the- murderer. The rrime was most de
liberate and diabolical and the motive 1«
supposed to have been lobbery. Mr. and
Mrs. Knapp were sitting at their evening
meal when suddenly a shot rang out ami
Mrs. Knapp received the greater part of
a charge of buckshot Ilrod through the
window at close range, killing her in
stantly. A stray shot also struck Mr.
Knapp, severing the carotid artery. He
was bleeding profusely, but was able to
make his way into an' adjoining room and
open the door. As he aid eo the murderer
finished his work by emptying the con
tents of the other barrel of the gun into
the unfortunate man's breast and he died
Instantly.
The murder was evidently premeditated,
because the assassin chose his position so
that his two victims were in direct line
of fire at the first shot. From the appear
ance of the-.house it is ascertained that
the murderer also made a complete search
of the premises. With what result Is not
at present known; The only theory ad
vanced as a motive is that Mr. Knapp
was a few days ago trying to negotiate a
large loan. The party or parties to the
crime thought that he had been success
ful and took this means of securing the
monev.
Mr. Knapp and his wife were well
known here. They were pioneers of the
place and had lived at the homestead
where they met their death for over
eighteen years. The authorities are mak
ing every effort to locate the assassin.
Bpedal Dlepatch to The Call. •
Murderer Makes Careful Search of
Premises, but It Is Not Known
if He Secured Any
Money.
Cornelius Knapp and His
Wife Victims of Un :
known Assassin.
DOUBLE MURDER
AT CASTLE ROCK
Father McKinnon says In part, under
date of Ban Francisco, October 15, 1900:
"You ask me what would be the future of
the church there, provided there were a
change in the administration. In answer-
Ing this I do not think that I can do bet
ter than quote for you words of. ths Arch
bishop of Manila. I asked him what he
thought would be 'the effect on religion
if the Americans were to withdraw, and
he threw up his hands and said he dread
ed even to contemplate such a catastrophe
and believed the only hope for religion
in the archipelago was for America to re
tain possession there. I might add that
more than once I heard Archbishop Cha
pelle, the apostolic delegate, express the
same opinion: In fact, any one who Is at
all familiar with the history of the insur
rection cannot, in my estimation, hold any
other opinion.
"Fully three-fourths of the entire' popu.
latlon of the archipelago would consider
it the greatest misfortune that could hap
pen to them if we were to withdraw and
leave them to the mercy of Aguinaldo and
his followers. I perhaps know this people
better and have their confidence to a
greater extent than any one who ever
visited the archipelago. In my position
as Superintendent of Public Instruction
and in other offices I have filled. I was
brought into very close touch with them."
¦ In Manila Father McKinnon filled sev
eral oflices. He had rare opportunities
to learn the real sentiment of the natives,
and declares that the vast majority favor
the Americans and are opposed to the in
surgents, whom he denounces for their
Inhuman treatment of priests and nuns.
His letter has just been made public by
Rev. E. J. Vattman, Catholic chaplain at
Fcrt Sheridan, 111., to whom, it was writ
ten.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.-Rev. William D.
McKinnon, a priest of California, who
was appointed a chaplain in the United
States army by the President, has written
to another Roman Catholic army chaplain
on the situation in the Philippines from
a standpoint of a member of his church.
Father McKinnon defends the adminis
tration from charges that it has acted in
the Philippines in antagonism to the in
terests or. the church. He declares that
Archbishop Chapelle, the apostolic dele
gate to the Philippines, and the Archbish
op of Manila share his views and his let
ter Is regarded as an almost authoritative
statement of the opinions of the highest
ollicials of his church.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Says That the Cause of Religion De
mands That America Retain
the Foothold That Has
Been Gained.
Supports Administration's
Policy in the Philippine
Islands.
FATHER McKMNON
DEFENDS McKINLEY
George Nason, the murdered man, came
here from San Francisco, where he was
employed in the Golden West Hotel for
over a year.
Shine has not a very savory reputation.
He has already served a term in prison.
He is the black sheep of a respectable
family. The entire community sympa
thize with his family for the disgrace that
he has brought upon them.
Shine continued his' walk down to a sa
loon on the wharf, where he got an over
coat that belonged to him and where he
reloaded his revolver, and then came on
up town. On his way he was met by Con
stable C. A. Sweeney, who placed him
under arrest. Sweeney searched him and
took away a revolver and a knife.
• - I saw Dan coma out of the hotel with
a revolver in his hand and as he passed
me he remarked. 'It did not take me long
to do that job.' "
William Remfree was on the .street In
front of the Arlington at the time of the
shooting. He runs a saloon only a few
steps down the street from the Arlington.
He pays:
After being shot ; Nason staggered
through the doorway into the hall, where
he fell and died within a few minutes,
only partially regaining consciousness.
F. P. Reed and Frank Ellsworth were
in the back office in the barroom at the
time of the murder and they all tell sub
stantially the same story as Odell.
Xason took hold of Shine, who was con
siderably under the influence of liquor,
shook him and asked him for the money.
Shine in Borne way slipped to the floor and
Nason slapped him lightly on the face and
told him to get out of the house. Shine
get up and went out. but returned In
about three or four minutes. He got as
far as the end of the bar when he was
met by Nason. Nason said. "I want you to
get out of here and stay out." and Shine
replied. "All right, I will go." There was
no scuffle and no loud language. Nason
escorted Shine to the front door of the
office and then gave him a shove toward
the door. With this Shine turned with
the words, "I'll shoot you," and shot Xa
son twice in the abdomen.
Shine entered the hotel and went into
the dining-room and had breakfast. After
he had eaten he walked out Into the bar
room ami eat down by the stove without
offering pay for the breakfast. Nason.
who wa.«? on duty behind the bar at the
time, walked over to him and asked him
for the price of the meal. G. A. Odell.
who was a witness to the affair, describes
it as follows:
AXTIOCH. Nov. 29.— George Nason, a
porter In the Arlington Hotel, was shot
and killed by Dan Shine at 6 o'clock this
morning. The murder was the result of a
trivial dispute. . .
Bpeclal Dispatch to The CalL^
Assassin Was Angered on Being
Ejected From a Hotel Because
of Eefusal to Pay for His
Breakfast.
Greorge Nason Fatally Shot
by Dan Shine at
Antioch.
TRIVIAL QUARREL
CAUSES MURDER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NO VEMBER 30, 1900.
7
PATTOSIEN'S.
THIS NEvTsTYlTsMOKELESS
f M OIL HEATER
j--^~- Will keep your
COLD ROOM com-
Fsf-'ilJirSEefJi fortably warm for
ffc:^'*'''^8Klft!'l f" c a day— the price
' JT 1' r'i»«iia~7 °* a c 'Kar. It wlil
L prrfS«ai- k*" <lAliver«»<l free to
TiiTntSwI'v any address i n city
VJaiji; ft>\5!| or county In Califor-
'£*"¦"¦• !>?im^\ r.Ia on r»celpt of S5.?1
r '~^Z~^ on approval, to be
V^^BST* returned at our «>x-
tfe^^^SJfE'M 1 pense If not entirely
li/^gp satisfactory.
Cannot Smoke.
f^^rgZtt It Is Absolutely
JfilSSlil Cdoriess
pj '•"" We have other
65.OO. Write for Cata-
logue.
PATTOSIEN'S
FURNITURE EXPOSITION* BUILDING.
SIXTEENTH AND MISSION STREETS,
CURE
Prof. Munyon says what h5s COLD
CURE will do he enly says what ail the wcrla
kaows. N«axly everybody seems to be. tak'.nc
this renjedy whenever «. colfl appears. It re-
lieves the head, noee, throat and 1ue*« so
quickly that a cold need no longrer be a fore-
runner of rrlppe. diphtheria or pneumonia.
Every on« of his remedies Is as sure. All
druggists, inoetly ISO vial. Guide to Health
free. TVrtte to Broadway and 26th st.. New
York, for rr.Mlcal adx'lce free.
Use WHITE COTTOLEXE
and avoid greasy and impure
animal fats, especially hog fat.
If you wani to be a good cook,
WHITE COTTOLENE.
/V; -(#\ Th e N.K.Falrbank Company,
I 5^tS^>3 I Chicago— Sole llanufac'.urrr^'
v3B£!rimS<iti «-«—»•-»*.. A f Ub u c secretr
\J l 3kj'iiL?.££jrJu\ ras:>d fr»f t> eny «Qdref«. I'c-r
itX&VT&A I one 2c f-tainp »f will f-Tid free 0 ;r
li J-' P»se tecipe !»ook. -Hone
=^r f BelDs." edited br MrF. Rorer.
y#^! * r\ i I V L* C0 *J
' •-*-' tti\ GEARY STREET
Between Hy<3e and Larkin.
TeJephone Polk HSS.
§MM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MLS
MORMON BISHOP'S PILJ»
have been In use over City
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
worst cases (n old and young-
* rising- from effects or self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cjires I»st
Slanhood. Impoteney. Lo B t
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
r.'.a. Palas !n BaxV. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfitness to Mar-
ry. Lots cf 6<rnen. r~ Varicocele or Con-
tt;faticn. Slope Ne f*^ g M rvcus T witching
of Eyelids, Effects xC,J^Lare Immediate.
Irrr&rt viircr and CEnT:> potency to every
Junction. Don't c*t despondent: a cure In at
:..-*. Restores email, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers: 50c a
t'x: 6 for ti 50 by mall. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with f boxes. Circulars
Tee Address BISHOP REMEDT CO.. 40 Ellis
mtr. Fsn Francisco, Cal.. GRANT Dr,UO CO..
t$ "and 40 Tlilrd M.
OR- JORDAN'S grcatJ
*8BSE0B 0> AHATOMyf
i © i: :: v^ 227 * w - c - 4?4 - ¦ : - rCcl 4
\ \3f The Lrrjest Ar.s!oo:al Museum in the \
A Jt- World. >^ ekkaets»» or »ny cr.mractrQ 4
|i^^^3* «J»««*e pc-tMIwc-Sy cured by th- oldm JT
f$ fZ' \> ~;c --:¦¦•-'- cutik CcMi. list 36 7«an-
6 S^^fl 0B. JC3DJW~PF.nfftTE DISEASES 0
. w(*iiS^5 Ce.«u!tstioa free sr.d itrirfy private \
it E SVf T " i-.ment p«»onally nt by letter. A Q
W jT T TSB iTM.rwa Cwre in ei«y catcuodertaiien. T
A if- 7 1IS> v ral-rtT,k.PHILOS(iroyffi
V " U >\'l SStBClAce. MAIL£S FREE. (AT
X A valuable book tor Brni \
9 r.H liiKC/i? iitO, 1C11 Marl:ptHt..S. F. 9
''^i^SiL'n fS '"^ " '" • crn-roi'onocj
tfJrj*tt0&*mX*2JJA rrrxifd; for Gonorrhea.
Jf&8rcx.tV£.S^fjak r.\r*-\. SrTDi«i"iTho k,
£t£rf\i in l « i etTi \mi V\"ljif«. unnatural dij-
f-f-^J ';t:»r»=tr»I Yl chargi or anr iuflarama.-
piUv oot u> t-jictarr. tion, i ritation or ulcera-
E^-<V.'rcTftu eoLVifioa. tion f DllCODt D1P3-
GT7V-:Eu*sO£u r aZ% IJ^anof. Non-aFtrinc»nt.
\rfda C s: s*«T:,0 - fcf^fl Sold by I»rocerl»t*.
.^S^nit r S i. 5@» or '' nt in rlain wraFp»r.
/vi*rV^ ijQr&i oxprPFe, prepaid, lor
'C^^SfefiK^Cl V °"', or 3 to"'". «2"3-
• W ... ;u!ar ccli ta re-jutafc.
Weak Men and Women
CHOULD USE DAM1ANA BITTERS. THE
*-* treat Mexican remedy; gives health and
ttreneth to sexual organs. Depot. S3 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY,
r. H. MER7BACH. lawyer.
6CJ California st.. Clunle building.'
COAL. COKE AiVD PIO IRQ*.
I C T| If k f 0 B ««*ry Street.
J-C HlLjU.l O WU-» Telephone Main 1S64.
COPPERSMITH.
Cnr CUITH Ehlp Plumbing. Steamboat and
W- J.'MIlI- ghlp a specialty. 16 and
IS Washington et Telephone Main 6641. r
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. VTASS.
Electrical Engineer. S< East st.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IIC DAVEC £ TO Shipping Butchers. 104
JAS- PUltb&UJ- Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
OALVANIZINO AND METALS.
;:/. A Dealer In MKali" &. Galvanizing. JOHN
FlffN* METAL. WORKS. 315 Howard et.
METAL.
Extra linotype and stereotype metal. Pacific
MetaJ Works. 1X1-9 First St.. San Francisco.
OILS.
IMBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELUS.
4l> Fy:nt tt- a F. Phone Main 17H. .
O-llnder & Lubricating Oils. Schneider's Mining
r«ndle«. C. O. CLINCH A CO.. » Front. S. F.
PRINTING.
P T Hr'fiHPC PRINTER.
t-. V- DLUnCjt Ell Sansome St.. B. F.
PRINTERS, BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JTJDD CO.." *C
a First et.. San Franclaco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Yg> c^ h>c PARTRIDGE "gjfc 111 *
WfllTCiSfl STEAM COAL, e b^a?I
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its OREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal In tb*
ej rttt. Office aod Tarda— 450 Main street.
' Christmas cards ' for 1900 and calendars
for 1901 now on sale. Sanborn Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
Free Rupture Cure,
Wonderfully Brilliant Invention
Sold at a Low Price-A Home
Cure That Is Restoring Thou-
sands to. Perfect Health.
A Free Trial That Is Mailed to All Who
Send Name and Address.
MR. LAWRENCE E. METER. TaTn 6° ° "i
hadn't much faith In the possibility of a' cure
out the results are remarkable. I had been laid
up for months, but from the day I began the
Rice method the rupture did not bother me
for a minute. It was only a short time when
I couldn't feel any trace of where the rupture
had been and I soon was able to work all day
as freely as a young man. I advise every rup-
tured man or woman to send at once and ret
this method as It will certainly cure permanent-
ly and perfectly." Mr. Meyer's advice Is good
Upon application to Dr. Rice, he will send you
free a. trial of his famous method, and If you
know of any other person ruptured have him
write also. Such an act of kindness will be
remembered all the rest of his life. Write to-
day without fall. Address Dr. W, S, Rice, 418
F. Main St. Adams. N. Y. The trial ia mailed
free to all who send name and address and Is
sent seeled In plain wrapper.
AMUSEMENTS.
MOBOSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
FAREWELL WEEK.
DBR RING DES NIBELUNGBN (Wajrner).
TO-NIGHT, at 7:30 — "GOTTERDAEM-
MERUNG"— Dlppel, Muhlmann and Ed. de
Reszke; Susan Btronsr. Schumann-Heink. Scheff,
Bridewell and Xordica. Conductor. Mr. Wal-
ter Damrosch. "¦"»-""
To-morrow afternoon at 2, Farewell Matinee —
"LA TRAVIATA"— Melba, Van Cajuteren.
Bauenneister, Campanart. Bars. Du'rlche, Gll-
ibert and Cremonlnl. Conductor. Mr. Man-
clnelll. PRICES— « to »T.
To-morrow evening; — Extra Performance —
"LOHENGRIN" — Gadskl and Schumann-
Heinle, Van Dyck, Muhlmann, Dufrlche and
Blass. Conductor. Mr. Walter Damroseh.
BPECIAL PRICES for this Performance— Or-
chestra and 3 Front Rows. Dress Circle. *8:
Drenn Circle Hmtt 3 rows>. $4: Family Circle. U:
Gallerv. J2; Boxes, $20, $25. $30; General Admis-
sion. $2.
Sunday. Dec 2— Popular and Farewell Night.
* ••RIOOL.ETTO'."
Suzanne Adams, Bauermelster. Van Cauteren
and Homer; Saleza. Journet. Gillbert, Dufrlche.
Vlvianl, Maslero and Scottl.
Conductor. Mr. Flon.
PRICES— $1. $2. J2C0. $3.
Boxes. $12. $15. SIS. General Admission $1.
WEBER PIANO USIcn.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OP^RA MOUSE
MONDAY EVENING NEXT, DEC. 3.
REOPENING of the Dramatic Season.
FIRST APPEARANCE of the
OLIVER LESLIE CO.
Every artist direct from New York.
In a superb production of
THE PRISONER of ZENDA
First time at popular prices.
lOc, 15c, 25c and 5Oc.
A few front rows in orchestra, 75c.
• SEATS NOW ON SALE.
Branch ticket office — Emporium.
COLUMBIA -vsSfls
FRANK L. PERLEY PRESENTS
ALICE NIELSEN
And the Alice Nielsen Opera Co.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
TH1 * ) ...THE SINGING GIRL,,.
WEEK 'By Herbert. Smith and Stance.
& E £T K j THE FORTUNE TELLER.
Alice Nielsen In Her Original Stellar Role.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
RfcftR»H?
LAST THREE NIGHTS. -
MATINEE TO-MORROW and SUNDAY.
Augustln Daly's Laughable Play.
SEVEN-TWENTY-EIGHT
SEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEEK.
David Belasco's Charming Japanese Story.
"MADAME BUTTERFLY."
ALF ELLINGHOUSE Prop and Manager
PHONE. SOUTH 770
t^Hll* > * !^kL\ LAST TIMES
JSP?*^ *^^2* TO-NIGHT
«g»^I ; MATINEE TOMORROW.
ifijE'&^jL V AND TO-MORROW NIGHT
v.{'^ ( ;>ii^> y The Magic Wonder.
W§f/' HERRMANN
in^. "W L THE GREAT, accompanied
(rmK?> to . <r i.JS s by the irreat musical won-
jibww.. - flers. THE 5— NOSSES — 5.
Evening— 15c, 25c. 35c. &0c and 73c. Matinee—
ISc. 23c. 35c and 50c. This Sunday Afternoon —
THE RAYS Howling Success. "A HOT OLD
TIME." Greater, Grander. More Funny Than
Ever. ¦ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK.
Initial meeting Monday, Not. 19, to Saturday,
Dec 1. Inclusive. Six or more races each week
day. Six stake events, one hurdle race and
two steeplechases first two weeks. First race
of the- day at 2:10 p. m. Trains- leave Third
and 1 jwnsend streets for Tanforan Park at 7
10:40. 21:30 a. m.. 1. 130 and. 2 p. m.. followed
after the last race, at' Intervals of a. few mla-
utes. t y several specials. Rear ears res srve/
for ladles and their escorts. Admission ts t»j«
course. Including railroad fare. $1.25.
t . D.- LYNCH PRINGLE. Secretary.
PATiP.T H. TOZER, Raclcg SecretAry..
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AJITJSEamgTS.
THE BIGGEST CROWD
In th» History of Local Theaters 'Witnessed
HAYERLY'S
MASTODON MINSTRELS
At th« Two Performances Testerday.
TO-NIGHT, and the Balance of This and All
Next Week.
LADIES' MATINEE TO-MORROW (SAT-
URDAY.)
Commencing Sunday Afternoon, Entire Changs
of Programme.
A VAUUEVILLE BILL WITHOUT A FLAW!
JULIUS P. WITMAEK, DUPONT
AND IX)THIAN, ANNE KEN-
WICK, MALLORY BROTHERS
AND BROOKS, THE GREAT
¦WALDON, STELLING AND BE-
VELL, CONDITT AND JIOREY,
MARTINE BROS., IONE Mac-
LOUTH.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Peats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
*Tl ¥_pLI*
"I'm More Than tag. I'm Childish."
Thousands are flocking to see the superb
Comic Opera Triumph,
A JOLLY
MUSKETEER!
¦With Its Wealth of Mirth «nd Melody.
Next Monday Begins the THIRD WEEK
OF "A JOLLY MUSKETEER."
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2 P. M.
Every Evening at 8 O'clock.
POPULAR PRICES 23c and 50o
Telephone Bush 9.
CHUTES!
SECOND DAY of the
THANKSGIVING JUBILEE!
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
AMD MAN'T OTHER ATRACTIOX8.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
FISCHER'S CON A^J l<m "°V SE -
Mme. Gabriel Stlrval: Mae Edgerton Davis-
Corinne. In "Historical Antique"; Olive Vail
and Argyle Tully; Irene Franklyn: Ouhama.
the Jap. and Harry H. Walton. Reserved seats
25c. Matinees Sunday.
After- Theater Refreshments.
The completeness of the arrangements
made for your entertainment In ta» Sup-
per Room can be estimated when It Is
known that the attributes responsible for
the popularity of the Grill Rooms ar« In
evidence here. Delightful music, prompt
service, moderate charges. Op*n every
evenlnic (Sundays exempted) from 9:30 to
13 o'clock. Entrance from the court and
main office.
Palace Hotel Supper Room.
Dr.PIERCES
GOLDEN
medical:
l^eSCOVERY
_^ FOR THE
I BLOOD. LIVER. LUNGS.
RRTTQW17Q rOR barbers, bak.
DliUOXlilO •". bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper*
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, st*-
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCnA>A.N BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
0%*1 I1R #% Laflln A Rand Waterpm*
II I 9 m E C" Smokeless Powder, la bUX
I bb I I 111 ¦ nd lo * d «^ »a sheila. Sea*
HI I ]¦ «^ tor cataJorue of ipot-Un*
ffiig Remnant Sales To-Day— One-Quarter Oil. I
J, Remnants Laces. UBLUJUUsW IPHfll^Al^aB HB JBK Photographic Plates 25 per j|
j; Remnants Yoking*. JiBaP .PHrS RphIEPI S 1 ¥&$§. cent off. Cramer's Crown £
*, Remnants AH-Over*. 'sH^Vi^B^ «~ 1Tb»» «* and 27 G. E. %
J Remnants Embroideries. '~ «gOM«iegl ICUIC lfcizaar. Poco and Primo Cameras j»
jf Remnants Spangled Net. t CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE- one-third off. JS
aj ¦ . T~J&:i?* ; *
j£ ¦ Three short weeks — then Christmas. The first two weeks are the weeks for comfortable shopping. The third ¦*
&* week, you know what that will be — hurry, push, worry. Our preparations for this year's Holiday selling are greater }t
J^ than we have ever made before. Stocks are larger; spaces for strictly Holiday Goods are greater; employes are more £
•£ numerous. Nowhere else will you lind a more satisfactory or more economical shopping place lor Holiday requisites. "j*
§ To-Day a First-Class $3.75 and $4 French 25c and 50c 5
| Sewing Machine Flannel Waists $2.75 Veilings 9c. |
tf CIT CC An assorted - Only 1500 yards of this great bargain; a mana- j{
*> 4il/.CJu). lot of' silk ~^f§§£ <""!Vssk racturcr's bij loss will tx- your big gain; it is 1%
*> <;n^r-; a l fn-rfav (Fridavi onlv rmbroid- fef$E§5 J^g^XU all-silli dotted Tuxedo veiling, iS inchrs wide; X
•i our wdl-known Golden t^^X ered £» 1^9- there are 17 different styles in »uch good colors «,
K Rule Sewing Machine, made \^\\t§\\\ P 1 "" T\* A \3 «»^Ic, brown royal, navy, ma?pie, etc., J,
* bv one of the best factories \l«8W\\o\\\ Frcnch ' 'R'j^W^ "f "T " 3 * CtUaUy 2 >' C t0 Qf X
I in Africa; if their lfflM\ ftOMM^fw £ 5°»^-^,^ ?OTlr VC.;
£ name was on the &^ffll\|\\\ .„ '*J MTO^W VW * . V < IT 1 _ «
£ machine W\t lM0^ /m fTf U J IV W/JAiA V^lfllir Ta 5
$ instead of (this sea- \J j Asttv&^pV VlOUr t34{UarC5 10-5
•>" our trade ¦^^^Z r —--..-T a ~r^_* 1^ , *^^- sons) K /^Vl iw/^r^fZi/^J&K T\ +r\ * *ii •»-• % V
s s£ MPw^ Da y ioc i ° 34c Each -i
i you at •Sllti.' s!giJ^^^y\nft<^ri tailor fin- \1 "' - There came bto our . possession at a greatly re- 5
•f least $45; /XZ^O^Ktt II lsh ' tucke:1 » P leated » "rapped, silk embroid- daced price 250 heavy Vckrar Squares ia
tf the ma- A^l^^^^l ered dots and perfectly plain, all Uned through- rarious sizes up to 36x30 inchej; there ire \
** chine is $$** 1 Tlfl^fll Out *^ °^ t^ lem l^ C ' atCIt s^ a< * cs an< * P^ n co^ ors an< J figured velours in beautiful ]f
5 high erade v^tS^^^M^r/l colors; all sizes; regularly I3.75 and 54.00 — patterns — the astonishingly low gale prices to- J*
6 in every to-day ind to-morrow ( Friday tf« *\ *J C day only will be 10c. 25c, 29c. 34c '2
*C respect tnd Saturday). *pLi*iD ¦ •^¦¦-^-: V :,.-. j»
h has ball "*' Children's Mackintoshes $2.75, instead of y-i * T * "5
1/ g bearings at the drive wheels which make $4.25 — Bought out the entire stock of a job- %jiVOCQYlQS» LiIOVOI*S 2«
*( 'them run with scarcely any exertion on the ber of Children's Mackintoshes; navy twilled : p ' * * j*
fe part of the operator, and is furnished with cloth with fancy lining; separate double cape Ghirardelli's Breakfast Cocoa — To-day, !*
fg complete set of the latest improved attach- with velvet collar; all sizes from 38 to 50 Ua - • • • • -, 20c 5
«f ments; we guarantee them for tf*"!"^ OP bches in length; regularly $4. 25 C«^ »^C Fren£ h Sardines — Genuine imported; to-day, 3 £
Jt five years — special to-day, only *$*¦ • »O J — to-day and to-morrow *b£i • 4 iJ t^ n8 25c J*
Jf ; TaiIor DreMC$ $I2 . 45f of |l6 . 5O . Raisins-Choice Three Crown loose Muscatel; •«
fe*tf2 CA CUa/»c ?/\lt $18.00 Instead of $22.50: |a 5 .oo instead of r . 3 . . .'•••• • • • ••• • •• 25c 3
SA3.50 MOCS IGF $£.1/ $32.50— last two days'of tLe big bargain,; CIu . S .^ r «f« '""T^ G ° Wa DcLeS1S ' S
* Aline of ladies' fine velour calf and all of this season's best styles, and nothing but SridSTtS^T^T^' VA *
$ vici kid lace shoes that were p=7 .U " wool; finest cloth and best made uilor J^^ — -^ %
5 manufactured to sell for ]/•* / dresses-tCMlay and to-morrow only. Prunes-Fancy' Santa Clara; toly,^^ S
fc* $3-5O, new mannish ( dB^J/*'L A . "¦* Afc *
»: ttyle, with extension American Club WhYskeyllSoH reguiaVir jkTac '3
J, soles, hand-sewed welts, Jj^M T **A\?J RichcUeu Ribhed Lisle per n tCM j ay J $1 00 '5
J a correct shoe for wm- <S\/m ' ti«UlC3 Thread H«e; absolutely Vi , Jon . $ p ure e v.'hhkey-T^; per %
ti ter wear; will be JEL^^M X* <« fast bkck ; bottle ' «l ftA S
J on special sale S**^ /<>> I10S8 17C. fa^ »"d to«; , Ocnuine ' Gin^-Tcld;;; ' fijl '*™ •«
5 to-day (Friday) /^\ J s P lendjd -i z hose— for botde , J ' 2
i ° n]y \7 17 S ° nly> 3 Pai " f ° r 50C ~ PCT 17C Gln S er Aie-Lytron" Springs'," re"guiar' |,".oo . \
* iTJCi.Af P* 1 ' *«V dozen; to-day, only 60c
'****'**'*'***'*'+'*** "A'A'A'AA'ATAA'A'AA 'A WA'A'A'A'A'A'A'A'*V4tA«'A'A^44WA'A^^AA 'A 'A'A-**'*-**'*'*'**'**
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
TEE EMPORIUM.\The most artistic shapes and designs are
to found In all sizes of ready-made frames
this fall. At no other time was -the va
riety pf framing material so extensive and
artistic and at such reasonable > prices
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street • '
Artistic "Wall Hangings.
SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 29.-The steam
er Portland arrived from Nome to-day
with $100,000 and seventy-eight passengers.
Captain J. : E. • Hanson, : superintendent of
transportation of the Alaska Commercial
Company, and Lieutenant D. H. Jarvis,
special agent of the Treasury Department
were among the passengers at Nome
When the steamer sailed November 8 St
Michael was surrounded by ice.
Steamer Portland Arrives.
CALIF0RNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEt/yORK, Nov. 29.— Dr. W.C. Bail
ey, San Jose, is at the Park Avenue : L.
C, Dunning, San Francisco, is at the Nor
mandie. .....:.
BUDWEISER, "the kinc-of Bottled Beers "
the perfect product of the Anheuser-Busch
Brewing Ass'n. is preferred by all who appre
ciate purity, perfection and delicious flavor
E. O. Lyons Co., San Franci«co, Wholesale
Dealers.
For Table Use
BOISE, Idaho. Nov. 29.— Information
which reached this city to-day is to the
effect that preparations are being made
to start grading work on the line of the
Corvallls Eastern road, in the eastern part
of Oregon. It i* said graders are" soon to
Line, and the town of Vale, Ore
;~v For some time it has been known that
the company has been arranging for work
somewhere jilong its projected line, but
this la tho first information reaching this
Report That Men Will Shortly Be
Put to "Work. Between Nyssa
and Vale,
TO START GRADING ON"
THE CORVALLIS RAILWAY
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 23-Tha
steamer Warrimoo, from Australia
brings news of the finish of the Breed
long blacks, Joe and Jimmy Governor
After committing one hundred crimes In
one hundred days, including nine mur
ders their camp In the bush was sur
rounded by squatters, who watched all
night and in the morning demanded tho
surrender of the notorious outlaws
o The b lacks, surprised, started to run
and -the squatters fired, killing Joe and
wounding Jimmy Governor. The latter
was subsequently delivered by the squat
ters to the posse of constables, who took
him to the nearest hospital, where his
recovery is awaited by the authorities
Squatters Surround the Camp of tha
Breedlong Blacks.
END OF A NOTORIOUS OUTLAW
MARYByil.LE. Nov. 29-Thomaa Ry
an, while hunting; on ! the Empire ranch
was killed^ by the accidental discharge of
his gun. Deceased wasjlyears of a#y
Accidentally- Killed.
The Russian contingent has been in
creased by the return to Tientsin of two
regiments of infantry, which had been
previously withdrawn.
It is reported that cold weather is driv
ing the hostile natives into outlying vil
lages, where there is much restlessness
;. Scouting parties constantly report snip
ing along the Peking road and on remote
trails, but severe reprisals are lessening
.Navigation up the river practically has
Been closed and the remaining sut)Dlle»
are going in wagons to Peking. "
TIENTSIN. Nov. 28.-The Fifteenth
United States Infantry has departed for
Tongku, where it will be embarked for
Manila.
Leave China.
Fifteenth Infantry Preparing to
The obsequies were under Masonic 'aus
pices, Rev. Mr. Evans of the Central M.
E. Church making the funeral address.
Many, sheriffs and peace officers from
other counties, besides the/county and
city, police officials, were in- attendance,
and the cortege which followed the re
mains to their last resting place In P-iral
Cemetery was several blocks in length.
WILL RETURN TO MANILA.
It was the largest funeral seen in this
city for years. Large delegations of Elks,
Odd Fellows, Knights of Pythias, Masons,
Exempt Firemen and other local organi
zations attended and viewed the remains.
STOCKTON, Nov. 29.— The funeral of
ex-Sheriff Thomas Cunningham, who
died suddenly at Tuttletown early Mon
day morning of heart disease, took place
in this city this morning from the late
residence of the deceased on North El
dorado street.
ningham at Stockton.
Funeral of Ex-Sheriff Thomas Cun-
FRIENDS PAY LAST TRIBUTE.
Winslow Convicted. /
BAKERSFIELD. Nov. 29.— Clyde HVins
low was this morning found guJity of
manslaughter In killing Al Patterson last
Juiie..^ifBtfSB_BHlH____v. .«'
CHICAGO. Nov. 2<».— Resolutions pro
testing against lynchings and asking the
President to take 6ome action toward
stopping them were adopted to-day during
the union Thanksgiving services at the
People's Church. McVIcker's Theater The
resolutions were presented by Rev. J L
Jones at the request of the Afro-American
Anti-Lynching Society. They called atten
tion to the lynching of the negro boy in
Colorado a few days ago and to the laree
number of lynchings in the United States
during the last twelve months. The Presi
dent was asked to refer to the matter In
his annual message, .
Colorado Outrage Adopted by
Chicago Congregation.
Resolutions Denouncing the Recent
URGE PRESIDENT TO TAKE
STEPS TO STOP LYNCHING
ST. PAUL, Nov. ».— The lying In state
of the remains of Senator Davis at the
capitol to-morrow will be the feature of
the obsequies that will be of most impor
tance to the public. Other than the mili
tary aspect of the funeral procession from
the house to the capitol, and the military
guard of honor stationed about the cata
falque, there will be nothing of the pomp
of public woe incident to the public ob
sequies to-morrow.
The religious services will be held in
private on Saturday.
The remains will be placed in the Gov
ernor's office at the capitol and the public
will be admitted to the building at 10
o'clock. At 3 o'clock the military escort
will accompany the remains back to the
house, where they will lie until 11 o'clock
Saturday morning, when the funeral ser
vices will take place. These will be pure
ly religious and the only official feature
will be contributed by the official reports
of Congress.
the Funeral There Will Be
No Pomp.
Other Than the Military Aspect of
SENATOR DAVIS' BODY
TO LIE IN STATE
Lord Osborne and Douglass Hall, who
left San Francisco ten months ago for a
cruise In the south seas, returned here
by the Warrimoo to-day, after many ex
citing experiences. They were at Tahiti
when the inhabitants took to the moun
tains for fear of an attack by British gun
boats over the Fashoda affair. They say
the natives were greatly alarmed."
The crew of the bark Lord of Isles ar
rived at Auckland. N. Z., recently after a
terrible experience. The bark struck on
North Kaipara Spit and the men had to
cling to the rigging for hours, finally,
drifting ashore on parts of the ship.
The lebellion is growing in South China,
according to mail advices. In the village
of Lam To Chukoi Kwang Tung opposed
the rebels and fought for two days, but
finally had to retire with a loss of 2000,
the rebels losing 200. The rebels after their
victory fired the village and massacred
women and children. Admiral Ho's force
went after the rebels; and driving them
back burned their villages.
VICTORIA. B. C. Nov. 29.— The steamer
Progress, from Hongkong, reports a
typhoon at Touraine in October lasting
forty-eight hours, destroying villages, rice
fields and buildings. It is estimated that
1500 to 1600 persons perished, and the re
maining population is without provisions.
Steamer Progress, Prom the
Orient, Reports Destruc
tion of Villages.
MANY PERISH
IN A TYPHOON
Charles Cramp, of the Cramp Shipbuild
ing company, who is here, said to-day
that no - contract for a cruiser - for the
Turkish Government had been placed with
nis nrm nor are negotiations under ¦ way
r Ir -,.? rara P referred to the. recent visit
to_ this country of the Turkish admiral
Sl?u* a* u^ ld> had inspected his yard at
Philadelphia, but up to this time there
had been no . result. .... -
CONSTANTINOPLE, Nov. 29.— The ar
rival of the United States battleship Ken
tucky at Smyrna has so shaken up the
palace that indications are accumulating
of a desire to hasten a settlement to the
satisfaction of Hhe United States. An
irade has been issued, calling -for. the pur
chase of a cruiser at Philadelphia, the
price for which Is to Include the $90,000
Armenian Indemnity. This is regarded as
a subterfuge designed for local consump
tion in order to save the face of the Porte.
Nevertheless, it is now believed that
Turkey will find the money and order a
cruiser in the hope of propitiating the
united States. Despite the dispute the re
lations between the United States lega
tion and tho Porte continue cordial.
_CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.— Turkey
will not be allowed to settle the American
missionary claims, pending against her.
under cover of a- contract for a man-of
war to be placed In the United States as
suggested in the cable from Constanti
nople. This decision of the President has
been several times communicated to the
Sublime Porte, but it persists in its pujt-
i — tlnn • t|-"m, 'iii|M'jirfgiiti
Will Not Be Permitted to
Do So by Contracting
for Battleship.
SULTAH SHOWS
DESIRE TO PAY
.When bidden to the wedding of David
Adams and Miss O'Connor at the neigh
boring town of New Westminster some of
the younger guests concluded that the ex
plosion of a few dynamite bombs as the
bridal party started off on their tour
would properly express the general joy
of the whole company. The bombs were
secreted under the residence of Arthur
O'Connor, where the ceremony was held.
Just as Rev. Thomas Scoular, the officiat
ing minister, said, "Wilt thou take this
man — " the dynamite prematurely ex
ploded with a terrific report. The bride
screamed, another woman fainted and
there was a general p*anic.
The house was instantly filled with
dense smoke. Some straw under the house
caught fire from the bombs and the fire
department quickly responded to. an
alarm. Not knowing the cause of so much
smoke the Hremen turned on the hose and
soon the wedding decorations were a sad
sight. Despite these depressing incidents
the bride was flnally\ led back to the par
lor, where the clergyman finished the
ceremqny. Mr. and Mrs. Adams had no
cause to complain of the lack of warmth
of their friends.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Nov. 29.— The de
sire to celebrate a wedding with proper
enthusiasm was responsible for a mishap
which broke up the marriage ceremony
just as the clergyman had reached the
vital part of the service, frightened all "the
guests half to* death and almost burned
down the house.
Special DifUmtch to The Call.
Premature Explosion of
dynamite Frightens
Guests.
TERRIFIC SHOCK
AT A WEDDING
TULARE, Nov. 29.— This was the great
day at the Citrus Fair. Early in the
morning visitors commenced to arrive,
and by noon the city was more crowded
than it has been for many years. The
Fresno special train arriving at 10 a. m.
with about 1000 people and visitors from
Bakersfield. Hanford and Vlsalia helped
increase the number. The pavilion was
crowded both afternoon and evening, and
every one seemed to appreciate the effort
that has been made to make this the
greatest citrus display that has been
seen in the San Joaquln Valley.
People begin to appreciate tne fact that
oranges ana lemons can be grown in this
district, and can be placed in the Eastern
markets long before the other citrus dis
tricts can compete with them. It would
be difficult to give an impression of the
beautiful appearance made by the ex
hibit of different fruits fh the main build
ing; it would have to be seen to be fully
appreciated. The tables with their banks
ot oranges, lemons and limes and all
other citrus varieties and the contrast
of the green of palms and olives make
a beautitul scene.
The usual excellent musical programme
was rendered both afternoon and evening.
During the evening Miss Stella Wakeneid
sang two solos. By the request of a
great many people from the surrounding
country who who have been unable to
attend during the week the time of the
closing of the fair will be extended to
Sunday night at 10 o'clock.
One of the features connected with the
fair this afternoon was the football game
at the racetrack between the Fresno and
lula re high schools. Fully 5000 people
were present. It was Tulare's day for
while the Fresno boys tried hard to win
and played an excellent game they were
beaten by a score of 23 to o. During the
evening, in connection with the fair a
danco was given in Library Hall, which
was largely attended. The music was fur
nished by the Fresno orchestra.
Special Trains Bring Hun
dreds of Visitors Into
the City.
Special £>isp&tch to The CalL
TULARE'S FAIR A
GREAT SUCCESS
Admiral Remey's reference to the Jus
tin, which went to the rescue of the Yo
semite. applies to the collier Justin,
which recently had arrived at Guam. The
plans concerning the Yosemlte were in a
transient state, and within a! few days
from the time of her loss she was .ex
pected to leave Guam for Cavite. At the
same time the collier Brutus had been or
dered from the Philippines to Guam,
where she was to take the place of the
Yosemite as a station ship. In the ab
sence of all cable connection with Guam
it is impossible for the department to
know whether or not the Brutus had
reached there at the time of the disas
ter. The Brutus took on a crew and ma
rines, who will act as the garrison at
Guam, replacing the forces which have
been there for about a year.
The General Alava, w"hich is reported
fmm Manila to have passed Into the
track of the same typhoon which over
whelmed the Yosemite, is a little gunboat
of 532 tons displacement. Nevertheless
she is said to have been perfectly stanch
and seaworthy, and. providing she met
the storm in the open sea. she would in
«11 probability have come safely through.
The Alava was a Spanish gunboat cap
tured by the United States army In the
Philippines, where she had been used by
the insurgents, and was turned over to
the United States navy about a year ago
Admiral Remey's dispatch came • early
and gave the tirst official data of the total
loss of the Yosemlte. The dispatch was
communicated to Secretary' Long, who
came to the department ajid spent part
of the morning there. Tl^s Secretary ex
pressed profound regret at the loss of
the ship and men. but said there was some
consolation In the fact that the loss of
life was comparatively small, considering
the large complement of officers and men
carried by the Yosemite under ordinary
circumstances. A dispatch was sent to
Admiral Remey asking for all further
particulars which might be available, and
for the names of the lost boat's crew.
The fact that Admiral Kempff had left
Cavite by this time for Guam g«ve as
surance that everything possible would be
done. The. Secretary said the department
would make every effort to ascertain the
extent of the disaster and the names of
those lost, and would keep tho public in
formed.
vember 13. Chains parted in typhoon. She
drifted to sea and sank seventy miles off.
Collier Justin went to rescue. Steam
launch and five of crew lost. Shall send
Ki-mpff to Guam to-morrow to ascertain
extent of disaster and transport Yosemite
crc-w to Cavite. REMEY."
REMEY REPORTS
YOSEMITE'S LOSS
Official Announcement of
the Recent Disaster
at Guam.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 29.— The Navy De
partment has received the following cable
pram from Admiral Remey confirming the
report of the disaster to tho auxiliary
cruiser Yosemite at Guam:
"Cavlte. Nov. 29.— Bureau of Navigation,
Washington: Captain of transport Sher
rr an reports total loss of Yosemlte No-
ushers were Messrs. Grant Stewart and
William Curtney, two members of the
Frohman company. After the ceremony
Mr. Hixon took his lirid<> to Lakewood
for a sli'.irt \'isit before suing to Chicago,
where he is in business.
The church vras well filled, chiefly with
actors and actresses, Including all the
members of tne Frohman company, with
whom the bride was a favorite.
The wedding Bifta were numerous.
Among them was a check for $1000 from
Mrs. G, E. Hixon, the groom's mother; a
chest of silver from his brother. Henry
Hixon; a jjold pin set with pearls from
Mips Margaret Anglin. a turquoise pin
from Mrs. Whiffcn. a hand-painted eard
c.iFc from Mr. Frohman, a white liberty
silk robe from Mrs. Charles Walcot, a
white filk robe from Miss Bessie Tyree, a
blue silk robe from Miss Hilda Spongr, a
loving: cup from Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence
and an efnlKJFsed silver toilet service from
the Daniel Frohman company. Miss Kel
leher will not act a^ain.
MEW YORK, Nov. 23.— Members
of Daniel Frohman's Ftock
company had a jolly time to
day. Tho chief feature of the
jollification was a wedding In
which one of the company's forimr mem
bers played the important role of bride
This was Mips Blanche Kelleher. daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Kelleher of Siin
Francisco, whose marriage to Georg.j
Hixon of Chicago took place at 10 o'clock
in the morning: at the "little church
around the corner." Miss Kcllehor.
attired in a mauve-colored tailor- rnailf
traveling dreys, and carrying a bouquet
of lilies of the valley, was escorted to the
altar by Panic! Frohman. who gave her
away. She was followed down the aiple
by her aunt. Mrs. Thomas Whiffcn, and
\V. N. Lawrence.
The best man was the groom's brother,
and Rev. Dr. Houjrhton officiated. The ,
MISS BLANCHE KELLEHER. FORMERLY OF THE DANIEL FROHMAN
COMPANY. WHO WAS MARRIED AT NEW* YORK YESTERDAY TO
GEORGE HIXON OF CHICAGO.
Miss Blanche Kelleher Leaves the Froh
mans and Marries George Hixon.
CLEVER SAN FRANCISCO
GIRL BECOMES A BRIDE
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 29.— The Lord Mayor
entertained another .contingent of home
ward bound Canadian troops to-day at
the town hall here. A dramatic fea
ture of the entertainment was a speech by
Private Mollery. who had been rendered
sightless by a bullet which traversed his
temples. Mollery, who was supported by
a comrade on each side, related how he
left his university to serve the empire.
He said he had no regret for so doing, as
the "truly brave should be ready to accept
the vicissitudes of fortune with fortitude."
The Canadians will proceed to Wln«^or
to-morrow morning, and will there be re
ceived by the Queen.
General Trotter followed In a similar
strain. He also read a letter from the
Duke of Connaught eulogizing the. work
of the Canadians. The contingent consists
of companies A, B and j I. .
The composite regiment of the House
hold Cavalry also returned on the Ha
warden Castle. The troops' arrival In
London was marked by the scenes of en
thusiasm which have so often been re
hearsed In the metropolis during the past
year. Great crowds awaited the. cavalry
men, and the cheering was lusty and long
throughout their march to their quarters.
Paddington, where they detrained, was
ablaze with colors, as were the streets
along the route. Several regimental bands
added to the general gayety, and the
throngs sang "God Save the Queen."
A portion of the Household Cavalry de
tachment proceeded to Windsor, where
they were received at the railroad station
by the Mayor and corporation. Cheering
thousands lined the beflagged route to the
castle, where the home-coming warriors
marched past the Queen and members of
the royal family..
The reception of the Canadians In Lon
non'was most enthusiastic. Large crowds
at the railroad station cheered and re
cheered them, and the whole route from
the station to the barracks was lined with
similarly cordial throngs. Flags, includ
ing many Canadian emblems, were dis
played everywhere.
The men marched In splendid order, and
appeared to be in perfect condition. When
they were drawn up in the barracks the
Duke of Abercorn, chairman of the re
ception committee, congratulated the
Canadians on their achievements.
General Stewart' made a brief speech to
the Canadians, during the course of which
ho said Englishmen rejoiced at their
bravery and deeds Just as much as they
rejoiced over the honors achieved by the
homo troops and their kinsmen from all
the colonies brought together by the war.
Colonel Otter expressed his tnanks for
the sympathetic utterances, and the Ca
nadians took the train for London.
LONDON, Nov. 29.— A detachment of 2tiO
men belonging to the Royal Canadian
Regiment, Colonel Otter commanding,
which has just re«ched Kngland from
South Africa by the Hawarden Castle, ar
rived In London to-day and proceeded to
Kensfngton barracks. Since their arrival
at Southampton, where they were wel
comed by Major General Robert Mac-
Gregor Stewart, the Canadians have ev
erywhere been greeted with tumultuous
applause. '¦
Fighters From South Africa.
ORANGE RIVER, Nov. 29.— The Her
zcg commando, five hundred strong, hold
ing a splendid position on a range of
precipitous kopjes near the village of
Luchoff, completely barring the British
advance, attacked Colonel Henry Hamil
ton Settle's column Tuesday morning.
After five hours' hard fighting the
Boers were expelled from the position,
losing heavily. The British losses were
small, owing to the fact that the British
adopted Boer methods of taking cover.
Colonel Settle occupied Luchoff yester
day (Wednesday) and learned that S00
horses had passed through Tuesday fcr
Dewet, who is reported to be in the neigh
borhood. The Boer commander openly
boasted in the village of having shot 200
natives for sympathizing with the Brit
ish.
CANADIAN TROOPS WELCOMED.
London Continues to Enthuse Over
of the British Column.
BROERS HELD THE KOPJES.
For a Time They Bar the Advance
Inquiries made at the War Office here
show the officials have no knowledge cf
Mr. Steyn being wounded.
COLESBURG, Cape Colony, Nov. 29.—
Boer raiders have reached the Orange
River. They fired into the camp on
the enpe side at Sandrift, killing one man
and wounding; two.
Boyle of Dewetsdorp remains in the cus
tody of the burghers. Many farmers in
the district have joined General Dewet.
LONDON, Nov. 29.— In connection with
the movements of General Knox, reported
In the dispatch from Cape Town. Lord
Roberts. In a message from Johannes
burg November 28, says General ICnox re
occupied Dewetsdorp on November 2f».
The Boers, he added, had attacked the
place on November 21. and the town had
surrendered on November 24. .General
ICnox, at last accounts, was pursuing the
Federal commando.
Lord Roberts also reports that various
columns fount!' the Boers holding strong
positions In the vicinity of Harrismith.
Phillipopolis (both In the Orange River
country) and other widely separated
points. The fighting, however, was of lit
tle importance.
BOERS CAPTURE FOUR
HUNDRED BRITISHERS
Surrender of the Dewetsdorp Garrison
Followed by a Big Battle.
LONDON, Nov. 29 —Lord Roberts cables
from Johannesburg under date of Wednes
day, November 2S: ;
"The Dtwetsrtorp garrison of two guns
Of the Slxty-fi:jhth Field Battery, with
detachments of the Gloucestershire regi
ment, the Highland Light Infantry and
Irish Rifles, -10' in all. surrendered at 5:4o
p. m. November 2S. Our losses w^re fif
teen men kilh-.l and forty-two wounded,
including Major Hanr-en and Captain Olg
by. The enemy is said to be 2500 strong.
Four hundred men were dispatched from
Edenburg to relieve Dewetsdorp. but tliey
did not succeed in reaching there In time.
Knox joii-ed th'.s force and found Dewets
dorp evacuated. Seventy-live s!ek and
wounded hud been lefi there. Knox pur
sued and is reported to have successfully
engaged Steyn vnii Dewet near Vaalbank.
They retired west and southwest. Knox's
messenger failed to get through, so I have
no details."
CAUSES A THRILL OF ALARM.
Great Britain Again Worries Over
Events in South Africa.
LONDON, Nov. 30.— The disaster at
Dewetsdorp has pent a thrill of alnrm
through Great Britain. The censorship
continues so strict that there Is no hotfe
of arriving at a clear conception of the
actual position of affair.* in South Africa.
For instance. Independent accounts of the
subsequent proceedings and the camure
of Dewetsdorp give ample details, * not
omitting to msntlon the capture of two
Boer wagons and a quantity of loot, but
thero Is not the slightest mention of the
surrender of «W British troops and two
guns, which were not even disabled, inas
much as the Boers were able to use them
against the British relief forces.
The "ubiquitlous Dewet" seems again to
have pot away, and so far there ia no
news that the captured British have been
liberated.
Taking Into consideration the enigmatic
al military situation north of the Orange
River, the smoldering rebellion in Cape
Colony, the rumors that France has prom
ised Mr. Kruser to press arbitration on
England If he is able to obtain the sup
port of Germany and that Lord Kitchener,
after all, Is not to be given the chief com
mand in South Africa, the British Gov
ernment will meet the new Parliament
next week at a.n exceedingly Inopportune
moment.
No attempt aras made to conceal the ex
treme irritation felt at the adoption of a
vote of sympathy with Mr. Kruger by the
French Chamber of Deputies. The morn
ing papers are unanimous in declaring
that no intervention of any kind will be
allowed to change the British policy.
The Daily Mail publishes an interview
with ilr. Zedtsman. a Loyalist member
of the Cape Assembly, who is now in Eng
land as a delegate of the vigilance com
mittee. Mr. Zedtsman admits the gravity
of the situation, but says he fears no gen
eral rising, although he thinks it may be
necessary to send troops Into the most
disaffected districts, Graef Reinet, Stek
enbosch. Worcester and Parrl, where the
mob riots are likely to occur. He advo
cates the proclamation of martial law and
expresses the -jp!nion that the "only thing
which prevents a rising is the lack of
arms and ammunition."
The Morniner Post, reviewing the situa
tion, says: "The surrender at Dewetsdorp
looks still worse In view of the suggestion
that probably half the towns we have
garrisoned in the territories of the repub
lics are in no better situation to resist at
tack."
The Standard describes the disaster as
'deplorable, unaccountable and, at the
present juncture, doubly unfortunate."
KNOX HEADS OFF BOERS.
Dewet's Men Battle' Fiercely and
Raiders Reach Orange River.
CAPE TOWN, Nov. .29.— General Knox,
by a rapid march of twenty-six miles, got
In front of General Dewet, placing him
self between the Boers and the Orange
River. Dewet is now believed to be go-
Ing westward to Join Hertzog at Boorn
plaatze.
Colonel Pllcher had a smart skirmish
on Tuesday, November 27, with part of
General Dewet's command, which was
convoying loot captured at Dewetsdorp.
The Boers retreated, abandoning a por
tion of the loot and a large number of
horses. Former President Steyn and
General Dewet were in proximity
to the scene of the fighting, but they
eluded the British. The Boers were so
tenacious that Colonel Pllcher's men
actually reached a position within thirty
yarns of them, where revolver shots were
exchanged. The Boers shelled the Brit
ish with fifteen-pounders captured at
Dewetudorp.
Ex-President Steyn and General Dc
wet, who were breakfasting at a barn
near by, rode oft to the westward, leaving
the front clear. The British casualties
were one man killed and six wounded
Several Boers who had been wounded
were found by the British.
Steyn and Dewet have been since re
ported to be encamped to the westward
between Helvia and the railroad, but the
command appears to have been cut up
into three bodies. District Commissioner.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1900.
VICTORIA, B. C. Nov. 23.— Chrlstlar.3
and heathen natives are now at war 0:1
the Island of Eromanga, In the New Heb
rides group. So far four Christians ami
one heathen have been killed, and the
Christians, who are In the minority, were
besieged when Missionary D. C. Robert
son arrived at Sydney.
TACOMA. Nov. 29.— It Is stated that M.
C. Klmberly, general superintendent or
the Northern Pacific, will retire from that
position in the near future owing to ill
health. A. E. Law, assistant general su
perintendent, with headquarters at Ta
coma. Is understood to have been selected
to succeed Mr. Ktmberly. The official cir
cular announcing the change la expected
this week.
Christians Attacked.
Kixnberiy to Retire.
place that the field of operations for the
immediate future is likely to be so far
east. That line, formerly known as the
Oregon Pacific, was originally projected
to come to Boise. For some yearn It has
been the Impression that If It were ever
constructed through Eastern Oregon it
would be In conjunction with some trans
continental line seeking an outlet.
? ¦
s
* - - - j Mb
' ___&f\__?T_k*^ 1& Efjl |U^3 -flSM E'fl
_____ — ___ . > I
— — — , ¦ — > I
We had all our fine gcods left. Messrs. I. Magnin & Co. §
not wishing to cause us too heavy a loss have kindly allowed S
us to stay 30 days more. g
In these precious few days we will sacrifice THE BALANCE §
of our $150,000 stock from 35 to 50 per cent less than actual §
cost of production. g
... i #>
— ! ¦ : ! , §
The keen knife of reduction has reached every article. ©
Nothing spared !! Terrific bargains now !! I
9
-i __ % •
Boys' 50c and 75c Caps now selling at. '. . . . 5c |
Star Waists, 5Oc, 75c and $1.00 qualities, now 25c %
Boys' $4.00 Reefer Suits now selling at $1.65 g
Boys' $6.00 Suits being sacrificed at 82.45 g
Boys' $6.00 and $7.00 Overcoats given away at. . . 62.45 g
Men's $12.5O All-Wool Suits now selling at $7.85 §
Men's $15.00 Good Quality Suits must go at $9.85 g
Men's $20.00 Dress Suits slaughtered at $11.45 %
Men's $22.5O Elegant Suits almost given away at... $13.45 g
Men's $12.50 Overcoats sacrificed to. $7.45 g
Men's Elegant Dress $20.00 Overcoats now $12.85 g
; •
Igjjgjg^" For Bona Fide, Honest Bargains Attend the Great 2
W®^ Closing-Out Sale Now Going On at §
PAUSON&CO. j
9i8°922=riarket 5treet=9i8°922 |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
V Ladies* shoes I
j *2.50' I
t We have an unusual value >.t
;j; at the price in a lady's shoe; .3
/:¦ it's a kid lace shoe with h
y'i leather lining and fits the foot ¦''
i'-; just like a glove; it is soft, .\
}':¦ easy and comfortable and yet '.[
l : \: very serviceable: price but '-\
£:; $2.50. Also comes in box '¦¦ (
f. : ; calf and kid with extension
'¦ :i soles. We guarantee that the :;{
•i shoe will please you in every ,:;1
\ House comfort for cold morn- <'¦}
4 ings — ladies' felt-lined Ro- : j
: : ;i meos ? 1 •<><) a pair ,.' : .
:¦: M \
:•' '"•':
~': Children's and Misses' lace or ;¦
';:: button shoes, in kid or box -:\
"HI calf; guaranteed to wear '?
;!:; ivell — a new pair free if they ,
;i: Sizes 6 to 8.. J?1.OO .1
% . Sizes &A to 11.. 1.U5 I
% Sizes liyi to 2.: 1.5O :
W * 832 MARKET ST.SF [}:
j;< "Eitfcicn Ettje In Lccki'i Efceei" .'
v^_j- " lVf '¦¦'¦' ' « " «i 1 _ir
W. T. HESS. :;;•
K0T1BT FO^LIO ANi) ATTORN* F-lT-_ATr. •
Tent- Floor. Room 1015. Claua BpreckeU ' Bid*.
Telephone Brown 831. *
Residence, d California ct.. below Pow-U.
£__ Fr&nd-co.
ADVERTISE— ENTS.
I PARLOR TABLE |
In quartered Oak or Manor- jjO
. 1} any: finely polished; French in
! legs. * jH
2O per Cent Reduction in jil
j Furniture and Carpets i'i't-
I until Christmas. lj|
j Free delivery within 100 miles I [
il on $-5 worth and over. I
! CASH OR CREDIT.
'I IBRI LLIANT'S L
33S-34O-342 POST ST. I |
Near Powell. Open Evenlnss. I
IL • »8
li^'n^s-Wfreraovesthcstonuicfj jjjj
itfLSJi t* yffl terror of laru-madc H
fffegSgrffeEJ^l piesJ _ jj
DR. MEYERS & CO-
Specialists. Disease JS&g^ w
and weakness cf *•©'"> _s>»
men. Established ESfr
1881. Consultation Wm X_^^f
and private book v»*. I /_A|
free, at ofllce or by SeL^J J^^i
mail. Cures puar- \ffi:\*^£jX£=tt*
anteed. TiH Mar-
tet street (elevator X^*i§&««ttr
_#£^D£WEY,STRONG ScCO.^gg*^(Posen). the northern section of the lef.
bank of the Rhine. Westphalia and about
half of Saxony. This arrangement left
Prussia less compact— in fact, consisting
of two detached sections— but It had it*
compensations. It brought Prussia to the
front of Germany toward Krance: the
people of Rhenish Prussia became a lib
eralizing influence In Prussian politics and
the gup between Rhenish Prussia and
Prussia would go far to justify at some
future time annexations of the intermedi
ate territory-
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
WAR GEOGRAPHY OF* EUROPE.
THE RECONSTRUCTION OF EUROPE.
Everything in the line of office and cor
respondence stationery — fountain pens,
Koh-i-noor pencils, ¦•: legal blanks and
typewriters' materials. Diaries and daily
Journals for 1901 now on sale. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Fine Stationery.
The union services at the First Congre
gational Church, In which the Baptist,
Presbyterian and Congregational churches
participated, attracted a large number of
the members of the different congrega
tions. The services were held at the First
Congregational Church, corner of Post
and Mason streets. E. A. Woods. D. D..
paf tor of the First Baptist Church, deliv
ered the Thanksgiving sermon. Beautiful
music was furnished by the choir under
the direction of Samuel D. Mayer, organ
ist of the church. where the services were
held.
Rev. Dr. Woods chose as his text First
Corinthians iv:L "Let a man so ac
count of us as of the ministers of Christ
and stewards of the mysteries of God."
He said in part:
"The power of Christianity Is shown In
the redemption of men from sin and the
transformation of their character. How
faith In Jesus Christ can do this is a mys
tery, but It is a reality. This mysterious
influence is shown in the history and
ed With Devout Worshipers.
First Congregational Church Crowd-
A block of seats will be secured in the
middle of the Orpheum auditorium, and
Saturday afternoon the boys of the vic
torious second section will have a grand
rur ashore. In addition to this every win
ner srot a prize of his own. ¦ • 'j. --
UNION SERVICES.
The boys of the winning section are:
W. R. Wagner. H. Nichols, H. HL Gripp,
R, A. Miller, L. T. Almstead, W. W. C,
Cunningham, C. W. Evans, C. F. Out
hank, A. E. Gripp. A. Hooper. E. Laorn
bardo, E. Chapman, O. Nolte, O.
Schmucker, E. Ruddick, C. Hansen, B.
R. Shaw and J. F. Leldecker. There was
no doubt of their victory after the first
three events.
The Judges of the pajnes were Lieuten
ant Commander A. W. Dodd, Paymaster
W. L. Wilson and Lieutenant J. B.
Upham. They took as much Interest as
the boyo in the various contests.
The winning crew of apprentices was
made up of G. W. E>orcey, \V. T. Nelson,
A. W. Fox. J. D. Pierronl, T. McKlm
mons, H. H. Hearne, T. F. McCoy, W.
Morgan, E. McCann, E. V. Walker. W.
B. Clark. C. Williams, and Chief Boat
swain's Mate Casey, cockswain.
In accordance with his annual custom,
Thomas H. Williams Jr., president of the
California Jockey Club, ordered that yes
terday every employe of the club should
have a turkey, and every poor family in
Emeryville should have one as well. Tn
all four hundred of the best turkeys that
could be found in Llvermore Valley were
distributed. It made two and one-half
tons of bird.
Turkey for All Emeryville.
The inmates of the City Prison were
treated to a Thanksgiving dinner yester
day that made them thankful for the
time-being at least. Each prisoner had
soup and as much turkey as he could eat.
followed by plum pudding and mince pic.
Chief Sullivan dropped In while the
"trusties" were at dinner and they gave
him three rousing cheers.
In the City Prison.
A requiem high mass was celebrated in
the Cathedral yesterday morning for the
repose of the souls of the dead of the
Young Men's Catholic Union. The cele
brant was Rev. Father Joseph F. Byrne,
the chaplain of the union. Rev. Father
Philip O'Ryan delivered the sermon. His
discourse was upon tne origin and signifi
cance, of the holiday. He closed with an
appeal to his hearers to remain loyal to
their faith and to be untiring In their ef
forts in behalf of their organization.
Mass at the Cathedral.
Thanksgiving day was observed In a
special manner at the Young Men's Chris
tian Association building yesterday. All
members of the Institution who were
without homes in the city were Invited as
guests of the association at dinner at 6
o'clock. Tables were spread for over two
hundred and ladles representing the vari
ous churches, comprising the Women's
Auxillarv of the association, served the
dinner, Mrs. B. C. Wright, chairman of
the auxiliary, acting as chief lady of the
occasion. Short after-dinner speeches
were made by a large number of the
guests. A unanimous vote of thanks was
extended the Women's Auxiliary for their
hospitality.
Y. M. C. A. IMnner.
that was cooked in the city, and there
was surely not one better appreciated or
more quickly disposed of. An effort had
been made to have the tables decorated
to suit the occasion and the menu, and In
the women's department a graphophone
whlled away the minutes of the meal and
helped to drown the clatter of busv
knives and forks. In the men's depart
ment there was not table space for all
at once, and so nearly half stood around
and feasted their eyes before they filled
their stomachs. They knew there was
plenty to go around, and they enjoyed
the preliminary sight with a patience
born of confidence in the size of the lar
der. It was one of the most pleasant
Thanksgiving ever celebrated at tho
Almshouse.
. At the 'Almshouse yesterday the ih
mates were given a dinner good as any
At the Almshouse;
Thanksgiving preparing to give . dinners
to the deserving poor that had been visit
ed and reported as especially worthy.
Through the ' kindness of numerous
friends and leading merchants, the ladies
were enabled to make happy over one
hundred families. To each was carried a
turkey or chicken, ham, beef, flour, tea,
coffee, sugar, crackers, fresh, canned and
dried ; fruits and vegetables, beans, rice,
fish, cheese and mince pie. The ladles
who took an active part in this work
were: Mrs. W. O. Gould, Mrs. G. W.
Prescott. Mrs. J. L. Martel, Mrs. H. J.
Sadler, Mrs. S. P. Tuggle. Mrs. A. R.
Baldwin, Mrs. G. P. Thurston, Mrs. Un
ger. Miss Reid and Miss Van "Winkle.
The ladles of the Young Women'd
Christian Association,. 125* O'Farrell
street, ¦were busy for weeks before
Young Women's Charity.
The reception committee consisted of
Cal Ewlng, Mrs. W. E. La Dleu, W. D.
Caldwell. Miss Gertye Deemer, Hugo
Schmidt, Miss Evely Moore, J.' P. Sparr,
Miss E. Lewis, W. D. Grant, Miss Laura
Cantus, D. A. Hemphlll, Miss Nettie Mc-
Cullough, J. S. Shllaber, G. T. Fletcher
and W. C. Norton. .
Twelve hundred people were in' Odd Fel
lows' -Hall Wednesday night to enjoy the
patriotic Thanksgiving entertainment and
dance given by the local councils of the
Junior Order of United American Me
chanics and of the Daughters of Liberty.
The hall was decorated with • patriotic
colors and emblems of the order. The
programme had for its features vocal
selections by R. C. Ayers, Natle de An
gells and Miss Concelia von Gelsterllch;
recitations by Lida Ten Eyck and E. Ten
Kyck, and an address, illustrative of the
patriotic principle of the order, by H. A.
Slaughter of St. Louis.
Dancing followed. . The floor manager
wasH. C. Puckhaber, who was assisted
by the following named members of the
floor committee: Dr. A. St. Clair Sullivan.
Mrs. Carrie Ewlng, Joseph E. Odgers,
Mrs. Jennie Adams, H. A. Bowman, Miss
W. Thomas, E. Harwood. Miss J. Wright.
C. T. Quirey, Miss Mabel Latherow, H.
A. R. Hansen, Miss Minna Ketel, C. M.
Prater and E. R. Fletcher.
Patriotic Entertainment.
Another lssu« to settle, and the settlement of
¦which will develop the highest type of man
hood, is the destruction of the licensed liquor
traffic. One in every sixty of our population is
a ruined drunkard. Every fifth family must
yield up a victim to this dreadful crime. We
have got to throttle this evil or It will throt
tle us; and we are going to do it.
Let us thank God for the opportunities before
us, in the use of which we shall attain to the
most exalted standards of manhood and woman
hood. By the power of the gospel shall every
one ¦ of these evils be ultimately settled, and
settled right.
There must be a reaction, and we are the
people to bring it about; and. in meeting the
issue, and settling it right, -we shall develop that
which is of far greater value than all— royal,
regnant manhood. There is a remedy, and we,
as the servants of God and humanity, must
find it. And we are going to find it, and these
great captains of industry shall yet become, the
patriots of peace, whose talent shall be ex
erted for public good rather than for colossal
private gain.
of our national wealth, but 62V4 per cent
was In the hands of the producer and 37%
per cent with the investor. To-day we
have $100,0(RI,000.000 with but 10 per cent
in the hands of the wage earner and 90
per cent retained by the wage payer. Con
tinuing Mr. Wilson paid:
The sermon was out of the usual line, in
that the theme of thanksgiving was found
not in the things we have already, but
In- the opportunity presented for the
achievement of greater things.
The speaker referred also to the serious
divergence between capital and labor. He
eald in 1S50 $8,000,000,00} was the measure
The congregations of the thirteen Meth
odist Episcopal churches of the city as
sembled at 10:30 yesterday morning in the
old Powell-street Church. The sermon
was preached by Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wll
son, pastor of Howard-street Church, on
"The Primal Theme of Thanksgiving."
The text was from Joshua, xiii:3: "There
remalnetn yet much land to be possessed,"
and Numbers, xlli:3: "Let us go up and
possess it, for we are well, able to over
come."
the First Church.
METHODIST SERVICES.
Sermon by Rer. J., A. B. "Wilson In
We should be thankful that we live In a
Cfcri6tlan land; that we have been brought
r.lth thankful hearts Into God's presence by
a Christian proclamation." Our form of gov
ernment is patterned after that which Christ
gave to hia disciples for their government in
his kingdom, it provides the liberty which
he proclaimed and for whlcii he died. The
honorable men who laid tho foundations of this
fcovornment and 'all who have built upon them
were Christian men. The nation as such haa
always been found on the sid« of liberty. It
has never as a nation raised an arm against
humanity. As a nation it has never favored
slavery. In the attitude of the administration
toward China America la extending a Chris
tian influence to the nations of the world. - We
sliculd be thankful that our State has Just
placed Itself conspicuously on the side of
Christianity, and that our own city haa Rained
a national reputation for a new morality in
its defeat of the proposed ordinances to license
poolroom rambling. We should be thankful
for our prosperity as a nation, and that w«
are lending, not borrowing; that wage-earn
ers have opportunities to work and are able
to save for the future; that we have bad
abundant harvests and pood prices everywhere.
We should ascribe It all to God's goodness.
who is the River and source of all that is good.
A Thanksgiving service was held in
tho Richmond Congregational Church at
11 o'clock yesterday. The pastor, Rev.
Philip Coombe, preached the sermon from
the one hundredth Psalm. He said:
Special Sermon Preached by the Faa-
tor, Rev. Philip Coombe.
AT RICHMOND OH'UKOH.
power of Christian nations. The keys of
the future are in their hands.
"Christianity is asserting Itself In a true
national altruism which bids our nation
take its part in solving- the world's prob
lems. There Is a family of nations, and
In this family the stronger members have
special duties and responsibilities. Self
ishness may be national as well as indi
vidual. Our nation has a duty to other
nations and to the human race which can
not be discharged by a policy of selfish
Isolation. Our civilization owes a debt
to the uncivilized peoples. The demand
of duty, the logic of imperative necessity,
have crowded us into our present posi
tion. To establish free Christian Institu
tions In the?e islands and to banish the
forces of Ignorance and cruelty is a duty
we owe to them, to the world and to the
God of nations. Providence has pushed us
forward in the van of national influence
and to retreat would be worse than cow
ardice. We are a missionary nation vol
untarily and involuntarily. To draw back
now is to part with our birthright and
miss our crown."
In Italy the work of Napoleon was more
completely undone. The Bourbons were
restored in Naples, the temporal rule of
the Pope re-established In Central Italy,
Genoa was annexed to the kingdom of
Sardinia., the sway of Austria extended
over Lombardy and Venetia and the prin
clpalltres north of the papal states were
brought to life egaln. To Austria also fell
the Illyrian provinces east of the Adriatic.
The task of the next half-century in Italy
was to undo all this laborious patchwork.
The most difficult task of the congress
was to settle the fate of Saxony and of
the grand duchy of Warsaw. In 1S07 Na
poleon had stripped Prussia of her share
in the second and third partitions of Po
land and erected this territory into the
grand duchy of "Warsaw and placed over
it the Elector of Saxony, whom he had a
few months before authorized to take the
title of King. In 1813 the Cxar enlisted
the aid of the King of Prussia In the gen
eral attack on Napoleon by promising: him
euch an increase of territory as would
restore his dominions to their extent In
1805. In the course of the campaign the
Prussians occupied Saxony and took cap
tive the Saxon King, while the Czar took
possession of the grand duchy of Warsaw,
planning a restoration of Poland under
himself aa King. The Czar agreed, there
fore, with the King of Prussia that Prus
sia should retain Saxony and himself the
grand duchy of Warsaw; but this en
largem^t of Prussia by the complete ab
sorption of Saxony was effectually block
ed by the other powers under the leader
ship of Talleyrand, and the final settle
ment arranged that Prussia should obtain
the promised restoration to her area In
1S05 by receiving a province of Poland
It was the original Intention of the four
allied powers — England, Russia. Austria
and Prussia,— to dictate the terms of set
tlement, but they could agree heartily on
one measure only— the restoration of the
old boundaries of France. Their rivalry
offered the adroit Talleyrand the opportu
nity to secure for France a share In the
deliberations. Urging thit the main sig-,
niflcance of the congress was to sanction
the principle of legitimacy as against rev
olution and conquest, and that the powers
had been allied against Napoleon and not
France, that King Louis XVIII was the
legitimate King of France and must be
recognized as puch, and that as France
wanted nothing her recognition involved
no loss or sacrifice for the others, he won
his point and exercised no small Influence
on the result as the defender of the small
er states. The casaof the Netherlands
presented little difficulty. Of the old
united provinces a consolidated kingdom
was formed and assigned to the Prince of
Orange. To strengthen this kingdom
apalnst France the southern Netherland
(Belgium) was annexed to It. This union
of Holland and Belgium, one as intensely
Protestant as the other was Catholic. Ig
nored the wishes of the people, and the
artificial tie lasted only fifteen years,
when the Belgians revolted and were rec
ognized by the powers as an independent
kingdom.
The disposition of the territory between
the Rhine and the restored boundary of
France was perplexing. The guiding prin
ciple was to use it to give the stronger
neighboring states a solid footing in that
region as a defensive measure against
France, and it was finally settled that the
strong fortress of Luxemburg and the ter
ritory of that name should be given to
the Prince of Orange as a possession sep
arate from the kingdom of the Nether
lands. Of the rest of the territory on the
left bank of the Rhine, Prussia received
the northern and larger portion and Bava
ria the southern portion.
status of the territories annexed by
France— the Low Countries, the territory
of the old German states on the left bank
of the Rhine, and of large sections of
Italy. Next came in importance the set=
tlement of the German question, what
should be done with the states of the
Rhenish confederation, and finally the
disposition of Saxony and Poland.
To settle these questions a European
concert was called to meet at Vienna.
Thither flocked in the fall of 1S14 the sov
ereigns and diplomatists of all Europe.
The states created, as well as those an
nihilated, in the last twenty years, equal
ly dispatched envoys to pusn claims for
the preservation or recovery of their ex
istence. The congress as a congress
never met; all the work was done by com
mittees, which drafted specific treaties
between the particular powers Interested
i In the provisions of these treaties, and all
| these provisions were at the end in-
I corporated into a single treaty called the
final act of the congress of Vienna, which
was signed June 9, 1S15, by England. Rus
sia Austria. Prussia, France, Spain, Por
tugal and Sweden.
several casting three votes, then three
with two votes each, followed by tho
rest with one apiece. In the case of or
dinary business the grand duchies and
smaller states could vote down Austria.
Prussia and the kingdoms: on the other
hand, inasmuch as for the passage of
amendments or changes in the general
regulations either a two-thirds vote or un
animous consent was required, the great
states could always head off obnoxious
legislation.
The confederation was empowered to
provide for the common defense, against
war between the states and against any
states making a treaty Inconsistent with
the federal obligations. Under such a
constitution the union of Germany was
equally innocuous to outside powers and
to the privileges of the German princes.
They each pursued their own good pieaa
ure, showing calm Indifference to the
sluggish proceedings of the Diet. A real
union of Germany was not to come from
deliberations and the petty balancing of
interests.
In their restoration of the political
equilibrium of Europe the powers reso
lutely closed their eyes to a factor which
as -It Increased in weljcht inevitably would
upset their balance — the spirit of nation
ality as evinced in Italy and Germany.
Regarding this spirit as born of the revo
lution, they Ignored it In the formation
of states In 1S15. and trusted to the en
ginery of despotism to crush it. but In
vain. Their hostility to It was instinctive
and natural, for at bottom It was an ex
pression of the will of the people— of a
people who. conscious of unity of lan
guage, of Ideas and aspirations, wanted
unity of government that they might?
count for their real worth in the polities
of the world.
The work of the congress of Vienna was
a series of lntrenchments thrown up bv
the conservative and despotic power's
from which to resist the attack of liberal
ideas. So successful at first that the Ger
man liberals characterized the rul»» of
Prince Metternich (the dominant spirit in
continental politics) as that of Prince
Midnight (Mltternacht). the spirit of the
age constantly countermined these de
fenses until they crumbled a half century
later.
EDWARD G. BOURN.
Yale TJnlversity.
Diet, like the Congress of our own con
federation of 17S1. was a diplomatic, not a
legislative body, recommending rather
than enacting laws, and was composed of
delegates from the princes, as the Con
gress was of delegates from the states.
In neither body was there a direct repre
sentation of the people. In variety of
composition, however, the Deutsches
bund far surpassed the imperfect United
States of 17S1-S3. The thirty-eight states
which composed it consisted of one em
pire, Austria-Hungary, four kingdoms,
Prussia. Bavaria. Wurttemberg. Saxony
and Hanover; seven grand duchies, nine
duchies, ten principalities and four free
cities. .
For the transaction of ordinary business
seventeen votes could be cast* one each by
the eleven larger states, and one each by
the six groups Into which the other
twenty-seven were constituted for voting
purposes. But for changes which we
should call amendments to the constitu
tion, and regulations of Importance affect
ing the general interest, six of the larger
states cast four votes each, then came
Fully 700 pounds of turkey and 123
pounds of mince meat, not to speak of
ether viands, was the share of good cheer
allotted to the soldiers at the General
Hospital. Presidio, yesterday, and every
nurice disappeared. The other messes
Throughout the reservation fared as well
f.« the patients, altogether making a day
I'-r.e to be remembered at the post.
Pleasant 3>ay for Soldiers.
AFTER THE BOAT RACES THE BOYS FORMED ON THE WHARF AND THEN. HEADED BY THE PENSACOLA'S
BAND, THEY MARCHED UP TO THE BARRACKS, WHERE FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE DAY THEY
CONTE6TED IN FRIENDLY RIVALRY.
Overfill*, under direction of Pro
f"f^r McCann; national march, St. Joseph's
Bcbad rho'.r: Hebrew Impersonations, Bonner
tn-l B*rr.*: tirnr eo'.o. Jerk OBrlen: eccentric
<-!->r <iane«\ .Us ani f»*\. Mariam Sydney
frnith: monolc»r-j». Henry L. Auerbach; bary
tcru? *n! O . Retort Bcrfoer; coon Fr^claltles.
Har<M<3 Borchfr*; Fpedaltiea, E. I-*Tr.bert.
<3<;rrt.N>:i exercise*, boys of St. Joseph's School;
o>ntraltn r.->1o. Fhevon Murphy: far.cy dance.
-Amy Trf-acy: Chinas*? impersonator. Harry H.
WaJ ton: Belectloxu. Hrr-erald Glee Club," Dl
•-5lrn No. r.. a. O. H. ; : cakewalk. H'.birt.
¦Cavanaph ar.1 J.-w Murphy: vocal duet. Robert
1 T>ra«3y and Harry S. Colman; selections.
"lilFon phonograph: ppec-lalties. Kelly and
ATarlow; Ir'.Fh ttep d8r?ee», O'Connor and K«l
leher.
A fine entertainment was given last
right In ft. Joseph's Hall, Tenth and
Howard streets, for the benefit of St. Jo
st-ph's Church. A large audience enjoyed
an excellent programme of vocal and in
strumental numbers. The affair was un
der the direction ot Rev. Father Keane,
twisted by John Dowllng. T*. T. Otla,
John Sullivan. John P. Magulre, A. Schill
ing. P. M. O'Connor. D. M. Fitzgerald
and Pptfr Curtis, who comprised the com
mitt^p of arrangements. The programme
follows:
EEUT2FIT GIVEN" FOB
ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH
THANKSGIVING at the naval
training station on Goat Island
had all the appearance of the
best of holidays. There was .an
extra effort on the part of the
commissary department and the cocks,
but that was by no means" the best part
of the occasion. A programme of games
had been arranged, in which prizes were
competed for. and as an additional in
centive the section winning the most
points in the whole tournament was prom
ised an afternoon off next Saturday and
good seats at the Orpheum matinee. The
second section of the first division ear
ned off the honors. -
The. training station has now 150 as
: lively boys as could be gathered under one
! roof, and they were ready for anything
i that might serve as an outlet for the pent-
I up energy that is in them- There are
i two divisions at the station, one of six
I sections and the other of two, and in all
' events the men were entered as from
their sections as well as individually. The
first event included the cutter races, the
crew of the fifth section of the first- di
; vision winning. In the preliminaries the
| second section of the first division won
j from the first of the same division: the
i third won from the fourth, and the fifth
! from the sixth; the second 6ectlon of the
I second division won from the first. In
i the semi-finals the third eectlon of the
first division won from the second, and
the fifth of the first won from the first
of the second. In the finals the fifth of
the first beat the third of the first. The
race was pulled in twelve-oared cutters.
In the potato race each man had to lay
a potato on each of fifteen chalk marks
upon the floor of the barracks, and then,
one by one, to return them to their
bucket. The race was won ¦ by Pear eon
of the fourth section of the first division,
Ruddick of the second of the first being
a good second.
In wigwag signaling Wagner and
Schmucker of the second section of the
first division won, Doughty and Conle of
the third of the first being second, and
Rose! and Heiner of the fourth of the
first were third.
In the knotting and splicing the second
and sixth sections of the first division
tied on the section score, but J. F. Lei
decker and S. T. Mayfleld won the indi
vidual prizes.
In handling sail on the monkey yard
the third section of the first division won,
with the eecond section of the first di
vision second.
The tug of war was the most exciting
event of the day, the pulls being short
and snappy and the cause of the greatest
enthusiasm. The pulls were as follows:
The second section of the first division
beat the first of the same division: the
second section of the second division beat
the first of the second division; the third
6ection of the first division beat the
fourth of the first and the fifth of the
first beat the sixth of the first. In the
eeml-finals the second of the first beat
the second of the second, and the sixth of
the first beat the third of the first. In
the finals the sixth of the first beat the
second of the first amid great cheering.
In the boxing matches, which were for
individual prizes, Bradley beat Perry. E.
McCann beat Fox, and A- L. Jones beat
Oleson.
The table of points scored by each sec
tion follows:
Pensaeola Boys Contest for Prizrs and Revel in Turkey and Pie.
How the Holiday Was Passed by the General Public.
APPRENTICES SPENT DAY
IN FRIENDLY RIVALRY
NEW YORK. Nov. 29.— Thanksgiving
<3&y was celebrated in Greater New York
and other places in old-fashioned style,
t hough th« day, so far as the weather
vas concerned, was by no means ideal.
Heavy clouds and a raw. damp atmos
pfaare prevailed.
At the churches there were the usual
Thanksgiving services and Thanksgiving
music. All the charitable and penal instl
tutions gave the inmates bountiful din
ners, and the numerous mission? through
out the city fed the poor. A dinner for
3000 newsboys, in the newsboys' lodging
house, was provided from a fund left by
Mrs. W. W. A^tor. Mrs. William E. Dodge
also furnished a dinner for the newsboys
in the East Thirty-fifth street lodging-
I'.ouse. Miss Helen Gould entertained the
little cripples in her children's home,
Woodcrest.
WASHINGTON. Nor. 29.— Thanksgiving
£an was «p:ierally observed In Washing
ton! All the executive departments of the
Government were closed and deserted,
pave for ft few officials who came to at
tend lo the mall. Many of the Govern
ment exsployes left the city to spend the
day in other States. The White House
bore a deserted appearance. President
McKinley spent a Httie time In the morn
ing m his offlce and at 11 o'clock entered
liis carriage and was driven to the Metro
politan M. E. Church, where he attended
The Thanksgiving service. Rev. Dr.
J-'rank M- Bristol, pastor, conducted the
services. The President went alone.
Mrs. McKinley took a short drive dur
ing the forenoon. The day was spent
yuietlv by the Presidential household, in
accordance with Mrs. McKinley's desire
to obst-rve It In as home-like a way as
l*osslbie. The Presidential family bad
the regular Thanksgiving dinner et
7 o'ciock tills evening, the usual -hour.
For two or three years past there have
been no invited guests, and the dinner
r^:s evening was partaken of by the Pres
ident and Mrs. McKinley alone.
At all the churches in the city special
cervices were held,
In Greater New York Mis* Helen
Gould Entertains tha Little
Cripples at Their Home,
Woodcrest.
Passed in Homelike Manner
With No Invited
Quests.
THANKSGIVING
AT WHITE HOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 80, 1900.
The empire of the French at the height
of Napoleon's power (1812) reached
the Elbe to the Pyrenees, and on the
south from the Pyrenees to a point
midway between Rome and Naples. The
recently established kingdom of Holland
and a long stretch of North Germany, the
mainland territories of the King of Sar
dinia, parts of the states of the church
and other Italian principalities had al'ke
been swallowed up. Spain. Switzerland,
the Confederation of the Rhine, compris
ing' a large part of Germany, the king
doms cf Italy and Naples, comprising the
parts of the peninsula not annexed to
France, and the newly created grand
duchy of Warsaw, a resurrection of
Poland, were all dependent on Napoleon.
In alliance with him were Austria. Prus
sia and Denmark-Norway. The collapse
of this Immense system imposed upon the
allied powers In 1311 the reconstruction of
Europe and the restoration of the equilib
rium of the political world. The work
that was accomplished was remarkable
on the whole for its durability, consider
ing ths whirlwind of changes that had
been going on for twenty year3.
The primary purpose of the allies In the
struggle against Napoleon was to restore
France to its former boundaries under
adequate restraints to prevent any fur
ther disturbance of the peace of Europe.
This Involved the determination of the
As the powers had in a way followed
the example of Napoleon In bordering
France with moderate sized states, so in
the main their reconstltutlon of Germany
was similar to his confederation of the
Rhine. The patriotic ardor whlrh Inspired
the war of liberation glowed with a deep
national feeling that could be fully satis
fled only with the establishment of a
united Germany, but the obstacles In the
way of such a consummation seemed In
superable. The restoration of the old em
pire was neither possible nor desirable,
and In the way of the establishment of a
federal union with power stood the mu
tual jealousy of Austria and Prussia, and
the ambition of the princes of the Rhen
ish confederation whom Napoleon had
made kings and who now looked forward
to becoming 1 European powers, not mere
members of the German family.
The constitution that emerged from this
conflict of Interests was a loose confeder
ation of the princes, preserving the cher
ished weakness of the old empire. The
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
VII.
Tug-of-war |» | | |- | |
Potato Race.... | •• | •» | | | |
Sail Furling
and UcmUng.. I S II II I
Knots and , _, . , , . .
Bpllcca IS I I IS I I
Slgnala..... I |o U | | | | |
UivUlon — l^^^ rtrt «M«
Tug-of-war |» | | |- | |
Potato Race.... | •• | •» | | | |
Sail Furling
and UcmUng.. I S II II I
Knots and , _, . , , . .
Bpllcca IS I I IS I I
Slgnala..... I |o U | | | | |
UivUlon — l^^^ rtrt «M«
Every man Is bound -to hear the truth
occasionally, even if he doeen't recognize
it. ;^-
DR. CROSSES SPECIFIC MIXTURE
IFor the c-j« cf GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
*TRICTCRES and analoKOua complaint* of tb«
C-'cana of Generation.
X'rlc« II • bottle. For aale fcy £ni£fflsta.
P. ROHCOE aicVIJLTV. 11. D.
ZCii K.«*rny Ht^Han Fraaf-Jaco. CsL
DR.MCNULTY.
rvniS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
I fiperiaiistrurMBiood Poison, Gonorrb03a.Glf«-*
f-trlctur.., Sfir.iiml Weaknet^. Impotence and tnelr
»:::»<1 Disorders. I'.ook on Di*eft»e» of Me«, Tree.
«T»r3re»r«Vxp< > rfeiie*.T< > nnir*awra»blo.Hoiir«,
t'toSCxlij ;C:3OU>8. 3Qew'g%. Knnd»r!«.10to 12. e«nsul-
UUotifreeand9ficre<H/ confidential. Call oraadxesi
OVER 309 PERMANENT CUBES IN SAN
FRANCISCO, feme after 43 years of •ufferln?:
r.-.anv cr the rr.ort prominent business rnen on
ttU CoeFt (Home you know), who . rn«jr t*!^-
rlewcd bv thos« who raffer. THE TREA.-
•iVvt fa FAULTX.ESS. RESUX.T* ARC
LilxCCa NO PURGERT DILATATION,
LIGATURE. CARBOLIC ACID. SALVES.
C4CTKRY OR HINDRANCE FROM BUfcl-
NT.SS. For further particular* ¦ddrejs rm-
iaA.N. Box IS58. Call O3«, S. F. CaJ. Cut
thli out. Writ* to-day.
The most concentrated form of beef
science knows
COMPANY'S EXTRACT o! Bee!
Signed *V^^*-A^ to blae
Oirr r\ t\\l 1 I Comer Foarta and
CAFF HOYh «w-*
Mr. Thomas Seale. Mayfleld. Cal., tare:
"Have used and recommended 8tuart's
Tablet? because there Is nothing like them
t<% k^ep xfrp Ftorr.ach right."
Mi5f ly!ia t>ively. 4627 Plummer street.
Pinsburg. Pa., writes: "I wish everyone
to know how grateful I am for Stuart's
r>yfpeps=:a Tablets. I suffered for a long
time and did not know what ailed me.
I ]rst flesh right along, until one day I
noticed an advertisement of these tablets,
and immediately bought a BO-cent box
et the drug Ftore. I am only on the «ec-
or.d box and am gaining in flesh and
color. I have at last found something that
has reached my ailment."
From Mrs. Del. Eldred. Sun Prairie.
TV5s.: "I ww taken dizzy very suddenly
durir.p: the hot weather of the past sum-
mer. After ten days of constant dizziness
I went to our local physician, who said
my liver was torpid and I had overheated
rny blood. He doctored me for two weeks
•without much improvement. I finally
thought of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
(which I had used long before for various
rad feeling?) and the first three tablets
rjelried me.
"They are easily the best all around
family "medicine I ever used."
The army cf people who take Stuart's
Tpblets are mostly people in fairly good
health, and who keep well by taking them
regularly after meals. They contain no
rr.Iatcs, cocaine or any cathartic or In-
jurious flruTs: simply the natural peptones
«r;d digestives which every weak stomach
Ftuarfs EK-epepfla Tablets are sold by
rnggisis everywhere ln th e Lnlted
Ftates. Canada and Great Britain.
Prevention is always better than cure.
sn<5 disease can find no foothold if the
*IlpeFtSon is kept In good working order
by the' daily use of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablet*.
Men and wnm«n who are broken down
in health are only a part of the thousand*
who use th'? popular preparation; the
Freat^r number are people who are in fair
health, but who know that the way to
V-.e^p well is to ke«-p the digestion per-
fect and «po Stuart's Tablets as regrularly
e? meal-time comes to insure good diges-
tion and proper admiration of food.
ficant Compared "With. This One.
Tf all the people in th« United States.
Canada and Great Britain who make
daily use of Smart's Dyspepsia Tablets
could be assembled together it would
make an army that would outnumber our
prmy r.f one hundred thousand by at least
five to one.
Tho Army in the Philippines Insigni-
THE ARMY OF HEALTH.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISirBLENTSrTheir Noise for Hours.
Students Celebrate and Keep Up
EPILOGUE TO THE GAME.
George ' N. Barlow oft Binghamton, N. " Y
who bought Axtell on Wednesday for $14,700*
was acting for Fr*d S.'Moran of Detroit, one
of -tha members of th»- syndicate by which the
famous ¦taJllon was owned. ¦; . .
Electric Bell, who was knocked down for
$8000 .yesterday after passing, through two other
hands at a previous sale, has been secured by
L. L,. Butt and John C. Lower of Gettysburg
Pa., at an announced figure of $1500.
Consignment of Norton & McDonald Med
ford, Mass.— Sally Hook, b. m., 1894 by n r
Sparks , Ed Dercena, New York, luoo*
Harry Shields.- br. *.. 1832. by J. ; R. Shedd-
Clalre, Ed • Dercena, New York, $800.
Consignment of W. \V. Ford, Santa Rosa,
Cal.— Neereta, blk. m., 1895. by Neernut-Bessie
Rusrcka Morgenstein. Vienna, Austria, $3aw '
Consignment of Edward Gaylor. Denver— Ma
jor Giver, ch. h.. 189t>, by Peehant-Maccle Wil
ton. Frank JoneR, Memphis, Tenn $4500
Consignment of J. B. Thayer & 'Bros " La. n .
caster Mass., Moth Miller, b. g., 1S94 by Alca
mara-Dusty Miller, David Randall New York
$2000; Baroness of Roanoke, b. f. isss bv
Baron Wilkes-Lady CuKhner. Jacob RuDrwrt
New York. $775; Hugh Wayne, b. g 1897 hi-
Allandorf-Helen Wllkes. . Scott Hudson Lex
lngrton, Ky., 1710.
Consignment of C. C. Jerome, Chicago-Addle
Medium, 1£93, by. Pilot Medium- Agnes. Charles
Tanner, Cleveland. O., »3000.
XETW YORK, Nov. 23.— The Fasig-Tlp
tlon auction sale of trotters and pacers
was continued to-day. Several fast horsea
were on the list, including Neerata,
2:09%, and the pacer Moth Miller, 2:07.
The principal sales were:
Miller, 2:07, Cliaiige Hands.
Necreta, 2:09 1-2, and Pacer Moth
BLOODED STOCK SOLD.
At Sausallto play was continued In the
men's and women's championship events
and In the mixed foursomes.
On the Oakland links P. E. Bowles and
W. P. Johnson captained two teams,
which played over eighteen holes, match
play.
The handicaps consisted of strokes on
certain holes. The winner received one
stroke on each of fourteen holes, that be
ing the nearest handicap to the sixteen
strokes allotted to him by the handicap
per. Those to whom twelve had been al
lotted received eleven.
SAN MATEO, Nov. 29.— An* entertain
ment and dance for the benefit of the
building fund of the San Mateo Athletic
Club was held last evening in Library
Hall. The attendance was good and the
affair a success socially and financially.
Entertainment at San Mateo.
SAN FRAXC1SCO GOLF CLUB.
Despite the counter -attratlon of the
Intercollegiate football match, more than
a-Bcore of golfers gathered yesterday on
the Presidio links, Including some ladies.
Seventeen players entered ! the Thanks
giving handicap over eighteen holes
against bogey, each receiving a handicap.
First place was won by S. L. Boardman.
who, with a handicap of sixteen, was five
down. For second place L. O. Kellogg,
with a handicap of six strokes, tied with
S. L. Abbot Jr., also with a handicap of
six strokes, both being six down. Captain
D. J. Rumbaugh, seven down, was third.
.The full details are shown in the table:
PRESIDIO GOLFERS
UP AGAINST BOGEY
First race— Cougar, Abba L, Marion Bristol
Second race— Hildreth entry. Redwald, Wax.
Third race— Edgardo. McNamara. Rosalbra.
Fourth race— Wyoming, Maxello. Montanus.
Fifth race— Walkenshaw, Owensboro, Sir
Kingston.
Sixth race— Maud Ferguson, Amasa, Aator.
Probable Winners.
Sixth race— Five and a half furlongs'; four
yrar-olds and up; celling.
1233 Werthelm 99 12S3 Briar Hill 102
1401 Antloch 99 1344 Maud Ferg'son. 99
1280 Amasa 99 1378 Aslor 99
1402 Juva 9* 1305 Aluminum ..... 99
1373 Guess Me 93 1333 Katlo Gibbons . 93
1391 Montallade .... 99
Fifth race — One mile, three-year-olds and up
selling.
1412 Red Cherry 88*1341 Limellghf ...... 97
1371 Sir Kingston... Si 1321 Owensboro 95
13D1 Tirade 100 1404 Pilot 88
1389 Walkenshaw ...102 1408 Lothian 87
Free I-Ance 112 164 Ned Dennl»..;.:iOO
1406 Wyoming 103 1404 Lodestar 109
1404 Novja- Wj 1327 El Mldo 103
1400 Don Luis 109 1404 Maxello 109
1404 Montanu3 112
Fourth race— Beven furlongs; . three-year-olds
and up; selling.
Third race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling.;
1400 McXamara ....106 1394 Racery 109
1400 IHickoy 104 1402 Rosalbra ir>
1370 Magnus 109 1326 llainler 109
1324 Lomo in i4O<5 Edgardo 104
1330 Emile Zola ....1W 1378 Twinkle T J nk...l09
Second race— Seven and a half furlongs, three
year-olds; purse.
1335 Redwald 112 Wax 116
1411 Vulcain 112 1406 Wooater Boy 119
First race — Six furlongs, two-year-old
maidens: ; selling.'
1352 Cougar 10S 1396 Shotaway '. 108
Abba L 103 791 Mor'n Bristol.. .105
1352 Ravelling ..'... .10*
reserved.
Track Notes.
Barney Sehreiber ¦was unable to stay on
the ground longer, and cut In yesterday.
Joe Rose also weighed in, drawing one
of the choice positions.
The Gold Vas.j stake, with $1500 added,
will be decided on Saturday. The elegant
gold vase which. goes to the owner of the
winning horse, valued at $1000. is now on
exhibition in the window of Shreve & Co.
Following are to-day's entries:
Opyrlghted. 1900. by - A. W. Martin. All rights
riding ' overhauled the ' outsider a few
strides from the wire. Loneliness ran
third.
i me — 3-i6. :1s 1 ,*; 5-16. :30Vi: 5^f, 1:0?^. Goo<i start. Won first three drl\'lng. Winner. Burns
& Waterhouce's br. g. by Take Notice-Berna. Bernota got up Just In time. Phil Archi
bald had plenty of speed. I. aura Marie has uncertain racing legs.
1413. SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse. $350.
Time— >;. :2Z\; H. SttJ *4. 1:1": mile. 1:43*;. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
P. Ryan'* br. g. by Strathmore-Kelp. Plohn had nothing to beat. Handicapper was sor»
and only Joking. Scratched— MaeGyle 117.
141^. FIFTH RACE— One mile; Belling; thre«-year-olds ; purse, $400.
Time— ii. :12^i: « B . :2S»i: Si. 1:02: "%. 1:1?: m. l:4"«*i: mm, 1:53. Good start. Won handily. Bec
cn1 and third drlvlns. Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co.'s b. c. by Imp. St. Andrew-Hot
frring!". Vesuvian best at weights. Bangor had no excuses. Eddie Jones looked an out
side chance a furlor^ from the stand. Advance Guard vrill be hard to beat next time.
He ran a swell race. Sea Lion barked. Gonfalon never a contender. Fretter blew up
rarly. Vulcain sulked, probably. 'Coupled with Vesuvlan. "Coupled with Bangror.
A kick-off to Cooper, a return kick, a
shew of desperate offense by Stanford un
der the pressure of almost certain vic
tory. In which the California backs wera
thrown back for repeated losses— and the
referee's whistle sounded" the end of the
game. Score, 5 to 0. Line-up:
Stanford. Position. Berkeley.
McFadden. T it*. End R-..........'Wombl«
Traeger U Tackle R Prtngle
Pe Forrest L. Guard R Overall
Lee— McFadden... Center Cornish
P*eley R. Guard L Clay — Stows
Purnett R. Tackle L Albertson
Cooper R. End L. Hudson
Riatt— Bansbach.. Quarter More
Hill L. Half R VT. Smith
Erb— Smith R. Half t. Gammon
Slaker Fullback Duden
Officials: "William Goodwin. Tale 'SS. referee;
Mr. Hoagland, Princeton '96, umpire; lines
men—Chester Murphy, Stanford '00; Percy
Hall. California 'CO: timekeepers— D. Brown.
Stanford; J. J. Muma. California.
half California took Traeger's kJck-off,
Prlngle coming up tho field with tfca bail
to the thirty-five-yard line. A quickly ex
ecuted fake. More taking tno ball, netted,
four yards. Erb stopped tho runner la
good style. The blue and gold sent Gam
mon over the cardinal left side for th«
first down. Then Tommy McFadtSen
caught the hard-plunging California left
half for a five yard loss— and right her*
It may be said that tho quartet of ends,
McFadden, Cooper, Wombls and Hudson,
aided by fast half-back defensive -work,
were almost Invulnerable, ground gaining
being confined almost entirely to plung
ing straight through tho forwards. Then
came a punt, a couple of fumbles and
Stanford's ball on downs on her twenty
yard line. Again came the offside play,
and Stanford held tho ball near her own
goal posts. Slaker, badly knocked out.
and Mill almost alono made It first down.
Slow offensive work forced a kick. Two
minutes later Johnny More drove the ball
seventy yards for tho longest punt of tha
day. and again the spectacular presented
Itself when Hill, fhe Stanford punter,
back of his own goal line, cool as an Ice
berg, placed the ball safely out of danger.
Shortly after the limping center rush.
Lee was replaced by Freshman McFad
den ; the badly bruised, erltty little Raitt
by the freshman captain. Bansbach. and
Erb, who had put up a desperate defense.
by Smith, the best of Stanford ground
gainers. Again Mere tried a drop kick,
which was blocked by Tommy McFadden.
and fallen on In midfleld by Smith
of Stanford. Coaching from the side
line forced Stanford back five yards..
Seeley Jumped over the line for five yards,
and a second later Hill had kicked the
ball to the California 10-yard line. From
this point Stanford turned the tide of
play well toward the California goal line,
taking the initiative In offense, which
eventually won the game for the cardinal.
After a. return punt Seeley. "Pie" Smith
and Slaker forced the ball to tho U. C.
35-yard line. Here Traeger tried a place
kick, but It failed. More kicked from the
blue and gold 10-yard line — a short punt
out of touch. Stanford taking the ball
on the California 37-yard line. "Womble'3
clever work blocked an attempt around
his end. Then came a kick by Stanford,
a poor handling of the ball by the Califor
nia back field, and little Bansbach had
fallen on the ball on the California 22
yard line. Three effective plunges fol
lowed, Slaker. bruised but desperate, do-
Ing prand work in advancing the ball.
ApaJn came Stanford's try at another
place kick. Xo goal. A catch by More
on the 6-yard line, and then another short
kick out of touch, caused by the renewed
spirit of the Stanford forwards In get
tins the jump on the defense, came In
quick succession. While the cardinal of
fense was slow. It was here In a measure
good for Its ground. Captain Prlngle, bat
tered but game, was forced for a first
dovrn. With the ball resting on the Cali
fornia 20-yard line "Bill" Traeger dropped
back for his last try at a place kick. Th»
ball was held by the little freshman, Bans
bach; the execution of both the men was
sure, and Traeger's kick five seconds
later became a scorer as th© ball sailed
squarely over the goal posts for five points
and the Stanford victory.
1411. FOURTH RACE-One and an eighth miles; Autumn Handicap; three-year-olds and
up; purse, $5250. .
STORY OF GAME,
Continued from Pago Frv«.
Time— 4:01. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner. J. Fleming** ch. f.
by King Erie-Dutch Girl. Winner spreadeasled her field. Can't Dance, cant Jump, either.
Manchio bolted toward the outside, fence and was pulled up. Scratched— Lomo 157, First
Phot 107. 'Pulled u.i. tFell.
141O. THIRD RACE— Two miles; hurdle: three-year-olds and up; purge. 1600.
Time— M. :25; •*. :60%; %, 1:15; mile, 1:41H- Good start. Won handily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner. T. G. Ferguson's br. c. by Imp. Et. Georce-Levee. Alee 13 cherry ripe ana
will keep on improving. Gauntlet ehowed improvement. Tappan and Koenig shut on ai
] first turn and later in stretch. Both were interfered with by Stromo. Lost l*lrl pasi re
demption. ..¦>.-»-.-
14O9. SECOND RACE— One mile; eelllne; three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Tlm*-\. 35; V,, :50i* : «;, i : i6H; mile. 1:42V.. Bad start. Won ridden out. Second and ! third
driving. Winner. C. Mulholland's br. g. by imp. Brutus-Miss Gift. Donator nicely "dden
and probably b*st. Still, with a fair start. Jennie Reid might have made It lnterc8 "Pf-
Coburn, strangely enough, could do nothing, with Olinthus. Sweet Caporal a passing
Fhaiiow. Scratched— Ostler Joa 83. -
14O8. FIRST RACE— One mile; sellin*; four-year-olds and up: purse. |400.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
TAN'FORAV PAIIK. THURSDAY. NOVEMBER ».— Weatherfln^Track^fast
Defeats Carlisle Indians by a Score
of 17 to 6.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— The Columbia
football team to-day defeated the Carlisle
Indians on Columbia field ,ln this city by
a score of 17 to G. There were nearly 25,000
people watching the game, and they saw
as clean and accurate an exhibition as
ever has been put up on the grounds.
About the middle of the second half a
steady drizzle started in, making the ball
slippery, the playing dead and putting a
damper on the enthusiasm of the great
crowd. Two sensations marked the g \me,
the first a sprint of fifty yards by Weekes
for Columbia's first touchdown. His play
was partly due to the splendid Interfer
ence of Wright, who ran with Weekes all
the way down the field and blocked off
Carlisle's back man. The other feature
was a fumble made by Morley in a dan
gerous attempt at a fake kick when Car
lisle was only seven yards from the Co
lumbia goal. This sent the ball rolling
toward Columbia's goal, and Bain shot
through the line and fell on the ball just
over the line, scoring the touchdown for
the Indians. The other two touchdowns
made were made by Columbia pushing
Berrien and Austin over the line when
the ball was but a few yards from goal.
When the. two teams came on the field
It was plainly evident that Columbia had
weight in her favor. On the toss-up Co
lumbia won the goal and took the east
securing advantage of the slight breeze
that was blowing.
At first it was most anybody's game
but after thirteen minutes' play Colum
bia-had the ball on Carlisle's fifty-vard
line. Weekes took the ball and went be
tween Redwater. and Wheelock for the
first touchdown. Bruce tried to kick the
goal, but failed. Shortly after the kick
off the Indians got the ball to Columbia's
thirty-five-yard line and then tried for
through the line and blocked Pierce'a
kick. Columbia soon after got the ball
and pushed down on Carlisle's goal ''She
was five yarda away when Pierce punted
COLTTMBIA GAINS VICTORY.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 29.— Before
what was probably the largest
crowd that ever attended a
Thanksgiving football game In
this city, the University of Penn
sylvania team to-day defeated Cornell by
27 to 0. Once only during the entire con
test was the Quaker goal line In danger
Of being crossed by a Cornell player, and
during most of the time the ball was In
Cornell's territory. Pennsylvania won
the battle by straight, hard football. The
white and carnelian men played fiercely
at times, but no matter how hard they
tried, old Pennsylvania could not be halt
ed on her march to victory. The Quak
ers' main play was their famous guards
back formation, which they worked like
a machine.
Soon after the game began it became
apparent that the players of both teams
were not all in that primo condition which
is generally expected in big games. Cap
tain Starbuck. who has just recovered
from injuries, was forced to leave the
field soon after play was started. Cap
tain Hare also showed signs of lack of
condition and, although he did not leave
his team, he frequently was laid out.
True, he put up hla usual hard, aggres
sive game, but he failed to shine as bril
liantly, aa heretofore. It was his last
gam© as a Pennsylvania player, and it
was expected he would put up tho great
est football of his brilliant career. Mo-
Cracken. who has shown as a star guard
and fullback for the past four years, and
who lined up for the last time to-day on
the Quaker team, also had to quit tna
game because of injuries sustained, by hla
Ihoulder. Nearly all the spectators In
the crowded Btands arose and cheered
him as he dragged himself from the grld
ll Tbe contest was rather slow and lacked
Bpirlt. Of th« tew brilliant plays that
marked tho game, Potter's run of nftv
ttve yards for a touchdown outshone all
the others. The fleet halfback was given
the ball exactly in the center of the field
for a plunge tnrough the middle • °L C 5 > J:
nell's line. Pennsylvania's big forwards
opened a hole big, enough for the pro
verbial horse cart to drive through the
Ithaca line. Potter f ell as he
was pushed Into the hole, but he kept his
feet and made a wild dash for Cornell Is
goal. After the Cornell men had recov
ered from the-ir surprise, four of them
started to chase after the little man with
the ball. Just as Potter reached the five
yard line one of Cornell's big linemen
grasped him around the waist, out Potter
managed to stumble over the goal line
for what proved to be Pennsylvania s
last touchdown. The great game was all
over in almost a flash. Next to Potter b
run was Morrison's sprint for thirt>
yards around Pennsylvania s left ena.
The Cornell men had lined up for a kick,
but it proved to be a fake move, and the
Quaker men were completely taken in b
tne maneuver. This dash of Morrison
aroused much enthusiasm among the Cor
nell spectators and for the next five min
utes the carnelian and white pushed the
red and blue down the field for short but
steady gains for a distance of fort>
yards, when the New York State team
lost the ball in an attempt to kick a field
goal from the thirty-yard line.
Outside of foregoing instances there was
was little brilliant individual playing.
Purcell and Morrison played strong foot
ball in the face of adversity. The other
Cornell men on the eleven did not get
much chance as the Ithacans seldom had
the leather long enough to give others
than the backs a chance to advance the
pigskin. For the Quakers. Hare ; and Mc-
Cracken did tho best work until they were
hurt. Teas and Wallace were not far
behind them, while the performances of
the two Oardiners and the halfbacks were
worthy of mention. a
The Quaker team had a tendency to
charge before the ball was passed, and It
was frequently penalized for this offense.
Pennsylvania's first touchdown was
made on pure line bucking and plunging.
She had the ball in mid-field and forced
it down to Cornell's fifteen-yard line,
where it was lost on a fumble. The Quak
ers soon regained possession of It on the
Cornell fifty-yard line and this time with
out losing the leather carried It by the
aid of the guards back to and over the
Ithaca goal line. The score was raised to
ten points by the Quakers on a field goal
by Hare.
Pennsylvania, after carrying the leather
to Cornell's five-yard line, was penalized
ten yards for off side, so Captain Hare
thought the easiest way to make a score
was to kick a goal from the field, which
he did from the twenty-yard line. Cap
tain Hare tried another field after the ball
had been pushed almost the length of the
field to twenty-five yards In front of the
Cornell goal posts, but the kick was low
and the half ended with the score un
changed at 10 to 0. .
A few minutes after the second half be
gan, Pennsylvania secured the ball on her
own fifteen-yard line on downs, and with
out losing the ball carried it ninety-five
yards for the third touchdown.
After Cross had made an unsuccessful
try for field goal from Pennsylvania's
forty-yard line, the Quakers again ret
their guard back machine to working
and slowly pushed Cornell back yard by
yard. Pennsylvania's last touchdown was
made by Potter on a flftv-five-yard run.
It Is estimated that 25.000 persons saw
the two teams play their last game of the
season.
The Pennsylvania- students at the con
elusion of the game signalized the victorv
by a great snake dance on the field, which
was led by the university band. . When
they had tired, the Cornell men formed in
line, ten abreast, and paraded over, the
gridiron, cheering for both old Pennsyl
vania and their own alma mater.
Following is the line-up:
Pennsylvania. Positions. • Cornell. ¦
Hodge Left end TbusfIk
Horner ....'. I^eft tackle Lueder
Hnre (captain) IWt sruard... Warner
McCloskey Center Namack-Dorr.er
Teas Rleht «ruard..;.I>orner-IIunt
Wallace rtlsrht tackle Alexander
W. Gardiner Right end Cross
J Gardiner Quarterback.. ......Flnnueane
¦Brewster
Potter Left halfback .....Purcell
T>avtdson-Biilrd..RI*ht halfback Morrison I
McOraeken-Davldson. Fullback Bchcwlkopf
•Final score — Pennsylvania 27. Cornell 0.
Touchdowns— Hare. Wallace. Davidson. Potter, i
Goals from touchdown— Hare 2. Goal from
field— Hare. Umpire— Paul Dashlel of Lehlgh.
Referee— M. 3. McClung of Lehlgh. Time of
halves — 35 minutes each.
ROCK ISLAND, 111.. Nov. 29.— The game
between Northwestern University and the
State University of Iowa, played here to
day, did not decide the rival claims of the
elevens to the football championship or
the West, the score being 5 to 5 at the
close of a heart-breaking contest. The
game was witnessed by S000 people. While
the score was a tie, the honors of the day
were with Northwestern. The latter
kicked off, Iowa carrying the ball back
to tho forty-yard line. An exciting contest
followed, line and mass plays being inter
spersed with punting by both teams when
they found it Impossible to advance. Iowa
twice tried a place kick, which, each time,
resulted In a touch back. Otherwise the
ball was not advanced to within yards of
either goal. After twenty minutes' play,
Iowa punted from center. Northwestern
carried the ball back to the thirty-flve
yard line, when Eby captured the ball
on a fumble and. backed by splendid In
terference, sprinted to Northwestern'^
goal for a touchdown. A kick for goal
failed and the close of the half found both
teams struggling in Iowa's territory.
The second half was a repetition of the
first. After "twenty- five minutes' play
Johnson made a place kick from the twen
ty-nve-yard line and the ball sailed
squarely between the goal posts defended
by Iowa, tying the score. Neither side
scored In the remainder of the half.
Teams From the Northwestern and
Iowa Universities Play a Tie.
CHAMPIONSHIP NOT DECIDED.
After scoring their first and only touch
down, Michigan was unable to make ma
terial headway through the Chicago lino
on straight football, and Sweeney time
and again was forced to punt. A cleverly
executed false kick resulted In the longest
run a Michigan man made during the
game. Sweeney got around left end for
twenty-five yards on a play of this kind.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20.— Chicago 13, Michi
gan 6. The University of Chicago eleven,
•defeated for five times in succession,
wound up the football season of 1900 to
day by scoring: three touchdowns on Mich
igan, and, with the exception of a few
minutes In the first half, completely out
played them. Michigan scored first, get
ting the ball on a fumble well into Chi
cago's territory, and, by long plunges, in
which the old Princeton tandem forma
tion was frequently used, carrying it
straight down the field and across the
line. But this was their last chance for
scoring. Fifteen minutes later Chicago
had bucked its way nearly seventy yarda
and across the Michigan goal line. .Early
in the game Chicago (found a weak spot
in Michigan. It was at last tackle,, and
against this spot Perkins and Sheldon
were whirled until White, exhausted by
the terrific hammering, was forced to
leave the game. In the second half, with
the score 6 to 5 against them, the ma
roons, playing fast football, and showing
beautiful team work, started in to win.
Twice they forced the pigskin inside or
Michigan's five-yard line, and twice the
maize and blue, fighting under the
shadow of their own goal posts, held for
downs. But Sweeney's punting was poor,
and when for the third time Chicago
reached the same spot the Michigan for
wards gave way and the game was won.
Chicago's third touchdown came much
easier. Even after Bliss had relieved
\\ hite at tackle. Fell opened up big holes
for the maroon backs to plunge through
and when time was called for the end of
the game, Chicago was gaining from three
to ten yards on a down.
Great Game on the Gridiron.
Whirlwind Playing Characterizes a
Palmer, Johnson
Touchdowns— 'Weekei, Berrien. Austin, Bain.
Goals from touchdowns— Bruce t. Johnson.
Time of halves— 85 minutes. Umpire— Bert
Waters. Referee. — Fordon Brown (Yal«).
Linesmen— Simons, Columbia, and Waite, Uni
versity of Pennsylvania.
CHICAGO DEFEATS MICHIGAN.
,, . ' Simmons
Morley (captain)... Right Halfback Beaver
Fullback../ Pierce,
out of bounds. After small gains, Colum
bia pushed Berrien over for the second
touchdown. Bruce kicked the goal. The
first half ended with Columbia in posses
sion of the ball on Carlisle's fifty-yard
line. Score: Columbia 11. Carlisle 0.
At the kick-off for the second half the
Indians began a fierce battle and rusned
Columbia hard. They nad the ball on
Columbia's thlrty-rtve-yard line and
Wheelock made a try for goal from the
field by a drop.kick. but failed. After the
punt-out Carlisle maintained her ham
mering at Columbia's line and got the
ball down to Columbia's eleven-yard line,
where Bain fumbled <the ball and Berrien
got it. Columbia tried then her fake kick.
The ball was wet. slippery and heavy.. It
was snapped to Morley. who let It slip
from his hands and It bounded toward
the goal. Bain shot through the bunch
and landed on the ball Just over the line.
The goal was kicked by the Indians.
Columbia then made a spurt and pushed
the Indians down the field to Car
lisle's fifty-yard line. Austin jumped
through Bain and Columbia pushed him
over the line for the third touchdown.
Bruce kicked the goal. The game was
called with Columbia in possession of the
ball on Carlisle's forty-yard line.
Final score: Columbia 17. Carlisle 6.
The line-up:
Columbia. Position. Carlisle.
Wolff Left End. .Rogers (captain)
Beardsley Left Tackle Wheelock
Wright Left Guard Redwater
Bruce Center Smith. Williams
N'lezer Right Guard Dillon
Austin Right Tackle Bain
Van Hovenberc Right End Hare
Sy»es Quarterback Johnson.
__ Roberts
Weekea. .. . M Left Halfback Parker.
Smith, Gammon and Duden proved a
capable trio of backs for California.
Prir.gle lasted the game out at tackle and
played in his old-time- form. Little Hud
son was a good end. Womble's play suf
fered somewhat from the attention de
manded of him as field captain. Slaker
Seeley. Traeger and Raitt were towers of
strength to the Stanford team. Tom Mc-
Faiiden played great ball at end. and his
brother, who replaced Lee at center, falrly
won his spurs. Cooper played a creditabia
game at end.
When the referee's whistle announced
the end of the game, the Stanford crowd
went wild over the victory. The students
surged out upon the gridiron, hoisted tho
players upon their shoulders and marched
about the field. After a quarter of an
hour of this demonstration a procession
formed, with the Stanford team in an om
nibus leading it. The car'dlnal-coared band
followed and a Iln« of students stretching
out for a block followed, singlnsr. shoutlaj;
and reeling in tha fantastic "serper.tin* "
In this manner the victors proceeded
along Market street to tho Stanford head
quarters at the Palac© Hotel.
Early in the second half the Stanford
men began to play great ball. Slaker
plowed his way through tho line for lone
gains. Seeley and Erb and Hill prove-1
their ground-gaining ability. An off-side
play put Stanford back ten yards and
forced them to punt.
Tt-.e bands played, the students sang and
cheered and men and women kuighea arid
chatted, pleased, with the Joyous spectacle
ana ignorant of the terrible tragedy that
had occurred within a stone's throw of
the gridiron.
Stanford quarter, ran the ball in twenty
yards, making the prettiest run of th©
game. Time for the first half was called
with the ball near the middle of the field.
During the fifteen minutes' wait be
tween halt's the California crowd was
jubilant and noisy, confident of a victory.
The Stanford "rooters" did their best, but
their joy was due largely to the failure
of the California team to score.
Princess Titanla gave Pernot*. the fa
vorite, a hard rub in the final sprint. Wed
lerstrand rod« Bernota and by deeper*,:©
Plohn beat a ragged assortment of rac
ing material In the fifth event, tt a mile.
Nash Turner had the leg up on I.. Ryan's
horse, and, a 4 to 6 choice, downed Treva
than with but little to spare.. Handicap
per was In no condition, running a dis
gusting race. j
Galen Brown's Olinthus was installed
favorite for the nrst selling affair and
made no showing whatever. Donator, the
second choice, piloted by Ransch, turned
up an easy winner over First Call and
Campus.
Following clo3e on his victory, earlier In
the week. Garnet Ferguson's colt Alee
gave the slip to several fair ones In the
mile selling run. Six to one was quoted
about him. and he was never headed. Dr.
Bernays took the place from Gauntlet,
while the favorite, Koenig, strolled in
among the tailenders.
The two-mile hurdle number had a
farcical termination. The favorite. Rio
Chico, came to grief at the second ob
stacle, and Can't Dance turned out a mis
erable timber topper. Eva Moe, with Bob
Cairns up, had it all her own way, com
ing In a half-block before Can't Dance
and Balista. . '
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND
p-rw^AXFORAN PARK never present-
I ed a prettier sight than It did yes-
I terday. with the Immense holiday
11 throng filling every point of van
tage in the stand, tramping the
lawns and packing the stuffy betting ring
almost to the suffocating point. At a con
servative estimate over 8000 people viewed
th» sport. So warm and balmy was the
weather that the day seemed set apart
for racing purposes. Flags were Hying
from staffs over the newly constructed
stables emblematic of the owners 1 colors,
the blue and white of the San Francisco
Jockey Club was conspicuous, and nothing
marred the jollity of the occasion. Noth
ing perhaps unless the transportation
facilities, and they were abominable. Sev
eral heavily crowded trains were stalled
on the way out. not arriving until after
two events had been decided. At the de
pot everjthlng was confusion, and ladies
were jostled about in a wild scramble to
secure tickets, all of which was nerve
destroylng and unpleasant.
The programme was good and bad in
spots, but the Autumn handicap, over a
mile, with a gross valuation of $5250, more
than made up for the discrepancies exist
ing. In this event there were twelve ac
ceptances, with an almost entire absence
of fault-finding among owners at the ad
justment of weights. Walter Jennings had
in two, Andrisa, carrying 107. and Vesu
vian, with a like number of pounds in the
paddle. The duo looked so splendidly sit
uated that they closed, coupled in the bet
ting slight ia.vorites over the Hildreth
triumvirate, Vulcain, Gonfalon and Ban
gor and the result justified the confidence
reposed in them. Advance Guard, always
unfortunate, was allotted top weight, 120
pounds, and the SJoat three-year-old made
a noble but fruitless effort. The h retter
had friends in plenty, but the four-year
old proved a woeful disappointment, lne
horses went to the post at 3:30 o'clock and
were there but a lew minutes when Mr.
Dwver sent them away very nicely
aligned. Breaking from the outside.
Mounce, astride Vesuvlan. cut across in
an effort to get the rail position and was
joined by The Fritter, with Eddie Jones
up The two led the way to the far turn
almost, where The Fretter suddenly gave
It up and Visuvian became master or the
situation. Behind nim the others were all
being hard ridden in a vaJn attempt to
get up B?.ngor responded to Winnie
O'Connor'siurglng. and though making
one of his usual phenomenally long runs
from behind Vesuvten held him safe, win
ning at the wire by over a length in 1:53
flat. The clip throughout was only fairly
warm, the seven furlongs being covered
in 1:28, the mile In 1:40%. Andrlsa finished
third and Eddie Jones a close fourth.
In anticipation of some easy money
twenty-three bookmakers chalked up
prices, while the field books took care of
the smaller speculators. After three choices
had been bowled over the three following
behaved much better, but hardly reim
bursed the talent for earlier losses In
curred.
tendance at the boxing exhibition to be
givon by the National Athletic Club In
Mechanics' Pavilion to-night. The ad
vance Fale of reserved seats opened yes
terday, and the number sold was very
ple.ising to the managers of the organiza
tion. They also expect to have a full gal-
Irry, as the price of admission has been
reduced. The card to be presented is
one of the best seen in this city In many
weeks.
¦ Soldier" Phil Green and George Green
»re to box twenty rounds for a decision.
Both are well-known middlewelghts, and
are capable of putting up a hard and
<!*vor bailie. Charles Hawley and "In*
dian" Joe Gregg, the husky pair who j»ut
up such a grueling fight before the Bay
City Athletic Club two weeks ago, are
matched to go ten rounds, as are also
Charles Thurston ani Pete Recconi. The
last-namfHi two have met before. At their
flm meeting Fleconl dislocated his
shoulder and had to eton fighting. Since
that time he has tried hard to secure a
return match and now that he Is success
ful he confidently teUa his friends thai he
will defeat his strong opponent. Joe Sul
livan and George Watson, two feather
weights . who have been boxing before
local clubs during the past few months
are matched to Qght ten rounds. Both
are strong and clever and should put up a
good battle.
¦ m ¦
Trunks. Valises. Trunks.
We buy trunks in the largest quantities
to get the lowest prices, and sell them
accordingly. Dress-suit' cases, valises,
traveling bags, coin purses and pocket
book-. All nice leather goods lettered In
pold without cost to purchaser. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. . •
¦ m ¦
Mrs. Bugclns— That little boy next door
Is always blowing putty Into people's eyes
with a. blow pipe. I'm surprised that his
father doesn't make him stop It.
Mrs. Muggins— Well, he won't His
father is an eye doctor.— Boston Tranb-
Th*>ro is every likelihood of a largre at |
Fig-ht Between the Greens a- Big
Event, and Other Men Are
Clever.
NATIONAL CLUB WELL
PRESENT FINE CARD
. STOCKTON'. Nov. 23.— A forty-eisht dog \
ftnko furnirhod preat sport at Goodwater j
Grove to-<iay. Jolly Rover took first ;
tnon^y going to Forget's default. ;
Rim d^wns — Arno beat Black Chief: Ter- |
rontte t>eat Port Costa Lass; I»w Shake beat ]
Pt. Elmo; fc^trh Reel beat Prince of Fashion; >
Meadow Maid l-eat Anna Held: Fair Glen beat ,
Wild Lcssie: Forrlve beat Lady Marian; Joker |
t*at Waterloo Girl; Grattan beat Little '
I'.eauty; Gl»n Roy bea.t Medallion; Jolly Rover
beat I^eah; Recreation beat L. S. Conley; Hur- ]
rirar.e beat Bounding Bell: Bhylock Boy beat j
far*h Gold: John L>oe beat Cash Day: St" Oran i
bear New Sample: Thunderbolt beat Just In I
Time; Maenesia beat Prince HaJ; Taj> Out |
»>eat O K Capitol: Grammercy beat Pink of «
FafhU.n: Tyrone Princ beat Barcaldlne; For
p*-t beat Hizel L: Black Thomas beat Hanover;
<~>r.w«ril brat Allesandro.
First tics— Terronite beat Arno: Peotch Reel
h»a! Low Sliakt : Fair Glen beat Meadow Maid:
Forgive J>e»t Grattan: Joker beat Glen Roy:
Jolly Rover beat Recreation; Hurricane beat
John I>oe; 8t. Oran beat Shylock Boy; Thun
<!*rbolt beat Marnesia: Tap Out beat Grnm
merc}-; Tyrone Prince beat Black Thomaa;
RDCSe* bea t On ward .
Pecond ties— Terronite beat Scotch Reel; Fair
Glen r>e«t Joker; Joliy Rover beat Grattan:
Hurricane beat Ft. Oran: T>-rone Prince beat
Thunderbolt: Forcet »<-at Tap Out.
Third ties— Terrr.nl te l»r»at Fair Glen; Jolly
Rawer beat Tjrcne Prince; Korset beat Hur-
Fourih ties— Jollr Jlover b«it TVrronlte; For-
Finai— Jolly Rover m-oa by default of For-
Controller a tye; May Hempstead beat Ed Mc-
Garrity. 54-3; Sir Crawford beat Reekie**
Archer. 3-?: Risky Attempt beat The Doctor.
€-": B'-er Brewer beat Reve d'Arr.nur. 4-0: Ta
pioca beat White Hat. 13-4: Wild N"ra beat
fwertness. 12-1; Brass Button beat Bowery Bf>y,
7-5: Beauty B*Mtt beat lAdie?' Choice. 5-0: Kl
bo*h beat Morr.ing Glory. 1S-4; Silver Cloud
b"at Kar.aka. 7-1.
Third round— Warpath beat Rusty Golfl. «-3:
¦^'fld Tralee beat Flyaway. 6-ft; Controller beat
Vandal. 14-«: May Hempstea<l beat Sir Craw
ford. 1f- n : Risky Attempt beat I>er Brewer,
*-«: Tapioca beat Wild Nora. 3-!: Beauty Spot
beat Prafs Eutton, S-0: Silver Cloud beat Ki
bosh. 7-5.
Fourth round— Warpath beat Wild Tralee.
C-0: May Hernr^teal beat Controller, lfi-2:
Risky Attempt beat Tarioca, 6-0: Beauty Spot
Wat (=i]v«r Cloud, €-0.
Fifth muni-Miy Hemrstead beat Warpath.
T«-S; Beauty Spot beat Risky Attempt, R-L
Deci^Sr.K course— Beauty Spot beat May
Hemi'suad. 1S-4.
GOOD SPORT AT STOCKTON.
Forty-Eight Dog Stake Furnishes
Entertainment at Goodwater
Grove.
After Day's Hard
Work.
R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot won the
Midweek reserve stake yesterday at Un
ion Coursing Park. Never before did this
courser show such continuous speed. In
the run-down s=he beat Bonaparte in a
runaway test, scoring 34 to her opponent's
3, following which tne took the measure
of Ladies' Choice, Brass Button and Sil
ver Cloud without a point being scored
apainst her. In the semi-final she took
the flag from Risky Attempt, a 3 to 1 fav
orite, by a score of & to 1, and beat May
Hempstead IS to 4 for the slake. For
hard running May Hempstead certainly
made a record lar beyond anything seen
at the park for a long time, if at ail, and
landed in second place at that. The talent
thought well of tier chances, even after
the severe work ehe had pone throujp,
and made the final a heavy betting one
by their continued play, mostly at even.
Outside of undecided going she ran up
a total of fi points to her opponents' 10.
Her work throughout the stake was of a
class shown only by top-notchers.
Seventeen short-ends landed. The sen
sation was Tapioca. He furnished
Thanksgiving puadlng for the pikers in
the first round, beating St. Helen at 8 to
3, and adding cream sauce to the dress
ing in the third, taking honors from Wild
Norah at odd? of 7 to 2. Tapioca was
ruts for Risky Attempt in the next round
and failed to score.
The day'? results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
atlOweek stake, first round— Curtis & Sons'
Warpaih boat E. M. Kellogg's Iowa Boy. 9-5;
A. Johnson's" Tod floan beat Captain Clark
eon's Flower of Cold, 12-S; George Sharman's
Mis? fkyroek^t btat Erwin & Lyons' Silver
Lyon, >¦•'•: Sterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold beat
E. Baumelstcr'p Winning "Ways, 11-5; T. J.
Crania's Wild Tralee heat J. Dean's Gallant,
3-2; H. H. Walker'? Cora Pearl beat J. Trade's
Old Glory. i«-7; P.urwll & Allen's Scotland Yet
Vws-t J-terl & Knoviles' O'Hara. 1S-0; H. A.
I»*H*kr:man'6 Flyaway r-eat P. J. Rellly's Moon
briirht. 3-2; Curtis & Son*' Rosinante beat J.
I. CTBrten'a Wandering Tom. 11-S; T. J. Cro
r.in'B Vandal -beat J. H. M.-Nell'R Cora Pearl.
8-7; A. JnnnFon's Lowlarnler beat F. A. Me-
Comb'F l'.oyal Fsshlon. 10-4; J. H. Perigo's ,
Controller hfat P. T. Jolnrr's Frisco Eoy, 12-4;
Pasha K>r.n'l!' May Hempstrad beat J. Kee-
DU'i Sleieh Bel is. 14-2: J. H. McNeil's E<i
McGarrity a by?: Pas=ha Kennels' Reckless J
Arrher lxat M. B. Kavanaufch's Hard Linos. !
K--K; O. Lennon's ?!r Crawford tvat William
Groan's Bopus Bill. tt-(>; Pasha Kennels' Risky
Atvmpt b*at J. I. O'Brien's Pasha Queen. 6-1;
Georjre Sharman's The Doctor brat J. Keenan's
lone, ifi-2; L. F. Panels' Heer Hrewer beat J. !
Murr.ane's Wild Wave. <!-0; Paeha Kennels" !
Reve *!' Amour beat Russell & Allen's Lord Art- j
foot. ll-«: Conne'l Bros.' White Hat heat J. I
Holden's Watch Word. 6-0: D. J. Healey's Ta- I
pioca beat Conrte'l Bros." St. Helen. 6-2; R. E. i
<le B. Lnp**'* Sweetness beat H. H. Gray's j
TTronette. S-i: C. Bonar's Wild Norah beat ]
P. Jackson's Honor Bright. S-I: Chiarini Beds.' j
Brass Button beat F. A. McComb's Patriot. '¦
17-4: P. McCshes Booty Boy beat H. H. !
Oray'f <"om:r.ander, 12-K; R. L. Taylor'n Beauty I
Pr-nt beat Georce Pharman's Bonaparte. 34-3; j
I.irkey & Ro<-k's Ladles 1 Choice beat A. j
Burk's N'ipht Time. 3-1; J. J. Edmonds' Morn- |
lr.«r Glory beat T. A. Gaffney's False Flatterer. I
5-1: Curtis &: Pons" Kibosh beat T. J. Cronin's
I>«lsy Dale. :;-S: C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud j
b'at F. C. Mack's De'.la M, 3-2; A. Buker's
Kar.aVa a bye. '¦
Second rr>und— Warpath beat Tod Hloan. 4-«: ]
Ruf-ty G^ld beat Miss Pkyrrx-ket. 9-S; Wild '
Trslee beat <~«ra Pearl. 4-0; Flyaway t>eat Feet- j
!rnd Yet. *-•": Vandal beat Roslnante. 14-10; I
Ralph Taylor's Courser Wins
the Union Park Stake
Gamely.
— •
Hay Hemp stead Makes Great Show
ing and Lands in Second Place
DOGS OUTFOOTED
BY BEAUTY SPOT
Runs responsible for — Hughes 1, Fitzpatrick
8. Home run— Doyle. Two base hits — Dever
eaux, Fitzpatrick, Schwartz, Sullivan. First
base on errors— San Francisco 2. First base on
balls— Hughes 5, Fitzpatrick 8. Left on basrs
— Sacramento S. San Francisco 6. Struck out —
Hughes 5. Fitzpatrick 3. Hit by pitcher—
Stanley, Eagan. Double plays — Hughes to
Kacran to Hanlon; McLaughlln to Eagan.
Pa?sed balls-Stanley 1, Sullivan 2. Wild
pitch— Fitzpatrick. Time— 2 hours. Umpire-
George Van Haltren. Scorer — I. C. Nathan.
Totals 31 » 6 2 24 7 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 2 0 0 0 4 0 0 4 •— 10
Base hits 2 00020 14 •— 9
San Francisco 0 0000002 1—3
Base hits 00 1001012—5
SUMMARY.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockoff, cf 3 110 3 0 0
Hlldebrand. rf 3 0 0 13 0 0
Krug, es 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
Pabst, lb 3 0 0 16 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 3 110 4 0 0
Sullivan, c 4 0 10 4 12
Levy. If 4 0 0 0 10 0
Rellly 3b 4 110 3 10
Fitzpatrick. p 3 0 1 0 0 3 0
SAX FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. 8b 4 2 2 0 2 3 0
Sheehan. cf 2 2 110 0 0
Stanley, c 4 2 0 16 11
Eagan, ss 3 2 2 2 2 4 2
Doyle, rf 5 12 13 0 0
McLauffhlln, If 4 0 10 111
Hanlon. lb 3 0 0 0 9 0 0
Hughes, p 4 0 0 0 0 2.0
Stulz, 2b 3 110 4 4 0
Totals 82 10 9 6 27 15 4
SACRAMENTO.
The features of the game were two dou
ble plays. Doyle's home run with two men
on bases and Devereaux's spectacular
stops at third. Score:
. SACRAMENTO. Nov. 29.— About 600 sea
soned cranks shivered on the bleachers at
Agricultural Park this afternoon while the
Gilt Edges polished off Henry Harris'
hired men with a string of 10 to 3.
Off at Sacramento.
Uncle Hank's Men Neatly Polished
VICTORY .FOR GILT EDGES.
SUMMARY.
Runs" responsible for — Borchers 6. Johnson 5.
Three-base hit— Hutchlnson. Two-base hits-
Held, Bowman, Mcllala. Sacrifice hits-
Franks. Johnson 2. First base on errors — Oak
land 3. Stockton S. First base on called balls—
Oakland 4, Stockton 7. Loft on bases—Oak
land S, Stockton 9. Struck out— Oakland 3.
Itouble plays— Moor* to Courtney. Passed
balls— Mangerlna, Graham. Wild pitches-
Johnson. Umpire — J. McDonald. Official
ecorer— J. W. Stapleton.
Total 31 7 7 t 30 U I
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 2 0 0 2 10 10 0— «
Baso hits 2 OO32O1O1-9
Stocktcn 0 0 0 0 0 3 13 •— 7
Base nits 110 0 0 3 11 •— 7
AE R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy. 1. f 5 0 0 0 0 0 1
McGucken, a t 5 0 0 0 3 0 0
Moore. 3 b 3 0 1 0 » 6 1
Strelb. 1 b 4 J 1 1 17 0 0
McHale. r. f $ 1 J 0 1 0 0
Graham, c 4 110 4 10
Babbit, s. s 2 10 10 8 0
Courtney. 2 b 3 2 10 10 1
Johnson, p 2 110 0 3 0
STOCKTON.
AR R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Prennan. c t 4 110 10 0
Franks, s. e 8 1 1 1 t 1 0
Held. r. f 5 110 10 0
Arrellancs. 2 b...... 5 0 0 0 0 t 0
Hutchlnson, 1 b 4 « 3 1 17 0 0-
Borchers. p 4 0 1 0 0 S >
Bowman, 1. f S 0 1 0 I • 0
Mangerina, o 4 0 0 0 3 9 I
Kelly, S b 4 110 0 10
Total se « » t » a a
OAKLAND.
Borchers pitched pood ball and improved
as the game progressed. Babbit at short
also did good work.
The score follows:
Up to the sixth Inning Stockton failed
to score, and the cranks thought the Oak
lands would win. as they had five runs to
their credit, but through a series of hits
and Oakland errors Stockton made three
In the sixth, one In the seventh and three
in the eighth, which drove the crowd wild
with enthusiasm.
A large crowd was In attendance yes
terday afternoon to witness the baseball
game between Oakland and Stockton at
Recreation Park. The game was won by
Stockton, the score being 7 to 6.
Stockton 7, Oakland 6.
Men From the Gas City, Seemingly
Defeated, Pile Up Runs
in Bunches of •
Three.
Everything Seems Easy for
Oakland Until Sixth
STOCKTON'S SPURT
WINS THE GAME
Pennsylvanians Outplay Their Opponents
and Gain Victory by 27 to o.
QUAKER KICKERS WIN
FROM CORNELL'S TEAM
— — •
Continued from Paga Flv«.
STANFORD TRANSFORMS
A TIE INTO VICTORY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NO^E^BER 30, 1900.
One of the Richest of Tanforan Park
Stakes— Big Crowds Present.
VESUVIAN WINS THE
AUTUMN HANDICAP
"I should think your mother would pun
ish you for that." said the neighbor's lit
tle girl to the one who had disobeyed. -
"She can't," was - the confident reply
"I've, been sick: and 'I'm not- well enough
to be spanked yet, and ohe can'tkeep me
ln:tho house, because the doctor says -I
must have" fresh air and "exercise." Oh
I'm having a bully time.'.'— Chicago Post,
The Stanford students scattered about
town— In the Columbia, the Grand Opera
house, the. California and the Orpheum
Everywhere the performances were punc
tuated with rah-rahs.
The streets were alive with yelling col
legians last nlpht and the celebration of
the cardinal victory was a replica of for
mer Thanksgiving nights.
At the Tlvoll the Berkeley students
made noise that was now and then muf
fled with the recollection of defeat But
the "Jouly Musketeer" and the college
skits proved too Jolly for the students to
remain lugubrious any length of time.
10
nd<-xj Horse. Age, Weight. Pat St. %. H- Str. Fin. Jockeya.
1SP7 Dor.ator. E 86 II 43 Jh 22 11H Ransch
1S97 First Call. 6 S766 21 1H In 2h J. Waldo....
UW> Campus. 4 S976 7 3 8 63 3 ns Brodlen
1S7S Jennie Reid, 4... 78 4 8 6 h 5 % 3 3 4 3 J. Martin...
1SKW Ollnthus, 4 9S87 8 6n ;ii (14 Coburn
itH (Melkarth. 6 S3 2 1 Ins 22 41 64 W. Waldo..
l«0l Sw^et Caporal. 4. gS 8 4 3h U^ SI 7H 1 Daly
1S39 Lothian 4 KS S 2 E3 7h S 8 Fnuntleroy .
' Op-
8
10
5
4
8-5
49
10
20
- Betting 1
HI. CI. PI-
5 18^5 1
12 10 B
8 8 «
6 6 2
11-5 11-5 4-5
75 75 25
12 12 6
30 30 12
I lPo-1 <—r
Index Horee. Are. Welght.h'st St. %. 4. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op-
(1401) Alee, 8 103! S3 13 12 1 24 1 2 Mounce .... «
(13S7) Dr. Bernays, 6.. .109 5 6 8 4 4 14 43 26 Coburn 8
1406 Gauntlet. 4 117 1 2 81 I Vt 8 l^i 3 n McDonald .. 12
1398 Tapran. 6 109 318 8 624h Klley 3
1398 Osmond, 4 109 77 24 21 22 61 CConnor ... 6
13S0 Koenlr. 4 Ill 25 71 7 14 7 2 66 J. Miller.... 3
(127S) Stromo, 4 109 4 4 64 ih 5h 7 12 Fauntleroy . 40
1402 Lost Girl, 6 109| «8 4h6S8 8 |J. Woods.. .. 12
- Betting »
HI. Cl. PI.
- Bettlr
HI.
6
16-5 :
20
4
20
3
100
20
6
16-5
20
4
15
2
60
20
6-2
1
8
1
S
4-5
30
8
I IPo.l
Index | Horse. Age, Weight. |Pst| St.
Jockeys.
Jockeys.
r op.
Op.
— uett
HI.
Bett
HI.
tin* —
CL
n*-
Cl.
pi
PI.
13S6 Eva Moe. 3 127 2 3
Can't Dance. 5.. 137 5 4
784 Ballsta. 4 127 6 S
I!T8 lEvtrato, 5 136 3 «
13S6 Manchte. 4 142 1 1
ISSt) 'Rio Chlco. 4 142 4 5
1 80 1 40 1 25 1 60 Cairns
830 22 22 2h T. Murphy..
2 2 3 BO 8 30 8 100 McKenna ..
4 4 4 4 J. Burns
• T. McHugh.
t ... t Owena |
I
4
6
12
10
«
10
25
25
11-5
S
11-5
I
20
25
a
4-1
4-1
II
4-1
|Po.) T
Index Horse. Aee. Weight. Fst St. %. 4. Str. Fin. 1 Jockeys.
(13ST) IVesuvian. 4 1<?T 7 5 lh 21 114 1 14 |Mounce ....
(129f>) 'Banror. 4 109 4 10 9 4 6 4 2 1 2 2 .O'Connor ...
<13T:) AndriM, S 107 6 6 8 4 Sh 8 4 3h Klley
<IJ*>> E.idie Jonas'. 5....110I 6 9 7 2 4h 6 1 4 4 J. Woods...
OiJfit ! Advance Guard. 3.120 11 12 114 51 52 |N. Turner...
<1!ST> Sea Lion. 4 104! 6 8 6 1 7 4 41 6 3 J. Miller....
1ST2 jSp*dfle. 3 103 94 42 64"2 T4 jDomlnlck ..
1SK2 Gonfalon. I 116 37 6h II 71 84 (Coburn
<1864) :Tho Fretter, 4 111 II S 2 14 1 4 S3 9 2 E. Jones
1S76 jtiavator. 4 94 11 12 112 12 10 10 1 Fauntl<»roy .
]?.« !Be!l Punch.' 5.... 1W 10 111 10 4 10 4 H 11 Wefldersfd
13S7 IVulcaln. 2 117! 2 2 Sh 9 1 13 12 |McDonald ..
, Bettlnr ,
Op. HI. Cl. Ft
.1.6-1 3 5-2 T-5
.5-3 8 8 3
• ¦ • • 3
10 15 15 4
6 6 6 2
15 ffl 20 6
15 25 20 10
'. 7 19 8 3
25 40 40 12
8 12 12 I
•• •• *• 5
1 I Pol
Index jHorse and "Weiifht.LPBtlSt- U- 4-
Str. Fin.
, Betting -> N
Jockeys. Op. Hi. CL PI.
1397 !PIohn 117] 5 4 8 H 2 ns
1X34 iTrevathan 117 6 5 B 5 4 2
f5«S) iFnul Play 117 2 S 1 2>4 1 2
.... |Han<licapp»r 117 3 { 2 2H 3h
1400 MacFleckno* ....117 1 I « 6 6
1W5 I Red Ch>nr 11*1 * I 1 « n H
3 1H 1 *i
2 »i 2 n
1 1V4 3 10
4 S 4 12
5 10 5 SO
6 6
N. Turner... 1 1 4-5 1-4
Coburn 6 8 11-2 8-S
Buchanan .. IS 3D .30 7
McDonald .. 8-5 8-5 8-5 1-2
L. Daly 15 M 60 15
Brodlen 20 100 100 25
> l Po -!
r.<JexJHor*e and "Weight. |Pst St.
14W B»rnota 103] 4 «
ISM Prtncfw Titanla.in* 1 S
134« LonoltneBs 102 7 5
1?77 Phil Archibald. ...107 8 2
1SS5 Irate 10: 2 4
1SC5 Chaste 102 3 1
137S Birdie Stone 1<* « 7
1365 'ijiura Marl* 102 7 I 8
4 h
1 2
6 1
2 h
5 h
3 n
S
7 h
, Betting ,
*i. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. CI. PI.
3 1 2 n 1 h Weddersfd 3-5 4-5 4-5 1-4
im 12 2 6 FarrMl ...... 8 15 15 5
4 1 4 4 8h Coburn 8 7 7 2
2 h 3 1H 4 6 Fraivley 10 SO 30 7
6b 5 4 6 2 E. Ross 10 40 20 8
7V4 0 »i 6h Mounce 8 20 12 R
8 7 2 7 4 Matthews ... 15 30 SO 10
5 h 8 S O'Connor ... 8 8 18-5 4-j
PLAYERS.
Handicap.
Result.
S- L. Boardman
L. O. Kellogg
S. L. Abbot Jr
Captain D. J. Rumbaugrh.
Andrew Carrlgan
C. P. Cells
C..F. Mulllns
II. Blackman
W. II. La Boyteaux
Ic. H. Gaylord
J. W. Byrne
Worthlngton Ameo
L. F. Monteagle
H. Golcher
J. a Tobln
Dr. Bpencer
11. G. Brown
10
2
2
12
12
12
8
\l
4
2
8
10
4
12
14
4
6 down
6 down
6 down
7 down
8 down
8 down
8 down
8 down
8 down
9 down
9 down
11 down
12 down
12 down
13 down
14 down
14 down
PLAYERS.
Handicap.
Result.
S- L. Boardman
L. O. Kellogg
S. L. Abbot Jr
Captain D. J. Rumbaugrh.
Andrew Carrlgan
C. P. Cells
C..F. Mulllns
II. Blackman
W. II. La Boyteaux
Ic. H. Gaylord
J. W. Byrne
Worthlngton Ameo
L. F. Monteagle
H. Golcher
J. a Tobln
Dr. Bpencer
11. G. Brown
10
2
2
12
12
12
8
\l
4
2
8
10
4
12
14
4
6 down
6 down
6 down
7 down
8 down
8 down
8 down
8 down
8 down
9 down
9 down
11 down
12 down
12 down
13 down
14 down
14 down
> l Po -!
r.<JexJHor*e and "Weight. |Pst St.
14W B»rnota 103] 4 «
ISM Prtncfw Titanla.in* 1 S
134« LonoltneBs 102 7 5
1?77 Phil Archibald. ...107 8 2
1SS5 Irate 10: 2 4
1SC5 Chaste 102 3 1
137S Birdie Stone 1<* « 7
1365 'ijiura Marl* 102 7 I 8
4 h
1 2
6 1
2 h
5 h
3 n
S
7 h
, Betting ,
*i. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. CI. PI.
3 1 2 n 1 h Weddersfd 3-5 4-5 4-5 1-4
im 12 2 6 FarrMl ...... 8 15 15 5
4 1 4 4 8h Coburn 8 7 7 2
2 h 3 1H 4 6 Fraivley 10 SO 30 7
6b 5 4 6 2 E. Ross 10 40 20 8
7V4 0 »i 6h Mounce 8 20 12 R
8 7 2 7 4 Matthews ... 15 30 SO 10
5 h 8 S O'Connor ... 8 8 18-5 4-j
1 I Pol
Index jHorse and "Weiifht.LPBtlSt- U- 4-
Str. Fin.
, Betting -> N
Jockeys. Op. Hi. CL PI.
1397 !PIohn 117] 5 4 8 H 2 ns
1X34 iTrevathan 117 6 5 B 5 4 2
f5«S) iFnul Play 117 2 S 1 2>4 1 2
.... |Han<licapp»r 117 3 { 2 2H 3h
1400 MacFleckno* ....117 1 I « 6 6
1W5 I Red Ch>nr 11*1 * I 1 « n H
3 1H 1 *i
2 »i 2 n
1 1V4 3 10
4 S 4 12
5 10 5 SO
6 6
N. Turner... 1 1 4-5 1-4
Coburn 6 8 11-2 8-S
Buchanan .. IS 3D .30 7
McDonald .. 8-5 8-5 8-5 1-2
L. Daly 15 M 60 15
Brodlen 20 100 100 25
|Po.) T
Index Horse. Aee. Weight. Fst St. %. 4. Str. Fin. 1 Jockeys.
(13ST) IVesuvian. 4 1<?T 7 5 lh 21 114 1 14 |Mounce ....
(129f>) 'Banror. 4 109 4 10 9 4 6 4 2 1 2 2 .O'Connor ...
<13T:) AndriM, S 107 6 6 8 4 Sh 8 4 3h Klley
<IJ*>> E.idie Jonas'. 5....110I 6 9 7 2 4h 6 1 4 4 J. Woods...
OiJfit ! Advance Guard. 3.120 11 12 114 51 52 |N. Turner...
<1!ST> Sea Lion. 4 104! 6 8 6 1 7 4 41 6 3 J. Miller....
1ST2 jSp*dfle. 3 103 94 42 64"2 T4 jDomlnlck ..
1SK2 Gonfalon. I 116 37 6h II 71 84 (Coburn
<1864) :Tho Fretter, 4 111 II S 2 14 1 4 S3 9 2 E. Jones
1S76 jtiavator. 4 94 11 12 112 12 10 10 1 Fauntl<»roy .
]?.« !Be!l Punch.' 5.... 1W 10 111 10 4 10 4 H 11 Wefldersfd
13S7 IVulcaln. 2 117! 2 2 Sh 9 1 13 12 |McDonald ..
, Bettlnr ,
Op. HI. Cl. Ft
.1.6-1 3 5-2 T-5
.5-3 8 8 3
• ¦ • • 3
10 15 15 4
6 6 6 2
15 ffl 20 6
15 25 20 10
'. 7 19 8 3
25 40 40 12
8 12 12 I
•• •• *• 5
I IPo.l
Index | Horse. Age, Weight. |Pst| St.
Jockeys.
Jockeys.
r op.
Op.
— uett
HI.
Bett
HI.
tin* —
CL
n*-
Cl.
pi
PI.
13S6 Eva Moe. 3 127 2 3
Can't Dance. 5.. 137 5 4
784 Ballsta. 4 127 6 S
I!T8 lEvtrato, 5 136 3 «
13S6 Manchte. 4 142 1 1
ISSt) 'Rio Chlco. 4 142 4 5
1 80 1 40 1 25 1 60 Cairns
830 22 22 2h T. Murphy..
2 2 3 BO 8 30 8 100 McKenna ..
4 4 4 4 J. Burns
• T. McHugh.
t ... t Owena |
I
4
6
12
10
«
10
25
25
11-5
S
11-5
I
20
25
a
4-1
4-1
II
4-1
I lPo-1 <—r
Index Horee. Are. Welght.h'st St. %. 4. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op-
(1401) Alee, 8 103! S3 13 12 1 24 1 2 Mounce .... «
(13S7) Dr. Bernays, 6.. .109 5 6 8 4 4 14 43 26 Coburn 8
1406 Gauntlet. 4 117 1 2 81 I Vt 8 l^i 3 n McDonald .. 12
1398 Tapran. 6 109 318 8 624h Klley 3
1398 Osmond, 4 109 77 24 21 22 61 CConnor ... 6
13S0 Koenlr. 4 Ill 25 71 7 14 7 2 66 J. Miller.... 3
(127S) Stromo, 4 109 4 4 64 ih 5h 7 12 Fauntleroy . 40
1402 Lost Girl, 6 109| «8 4h6S8 8 |J. Woods.. .. 12
- Betting »
HI. Cl. PI.
- Bettlr
HI.
6
16-5 :
20
4
20
3
100
20
6
16-5
20
4
15
2
60
20
6-2
1
8
1
S
4-5
30
8
nd<-xj Horse. Age, Weight. Pat St. %. H- Str. Fin. Jockeya.
1SP7 Dor.ator. E 86 II 43 Jh 22 11H Ransch
1S97 First Call. 6 S766 21 1H In 2h J. Waldo....
UW> Campus. 4 S976 7 3 8 63 3 ns Brodlen
1S7S Jennie Reid, 4... 78 4 8 6 h 5 % 3 3 4 3 J. Martin...
1SKW Ollnthus, 4 9S87 8 6n ;ii (14 Coburn
itH (Melkarth. 6 S3 2 1 Ins 22 41 64 W. Waldo..
l«0l Sw^et Caporal. 4. gS 8 4 3h U^ SI 7H 1 Daly
1S39 Lothian 4 KS S 2 E3 7h S 8 Fnuntleroy .
' Op-
8
10
5
4
8-5
49
10
20
- Betting 1
HI. CI. PI-
5 18^5 1
12 10 B
8 8 «
6 6 2
11-5 11-5 4-5
75 75 25
12 12 6
30 30 12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Strong nerves are just as essential to good digestion, as they,
are to cheerfulness of mind, strength of muscle or clearness of
skin. The intimate connection between the brain-cells and the-
nerve-centers of the digestive organs makes the one a reflection of
the weakness or strength of the other. Improper food; disorderly
habits, the use of stimulants and over eating may cause indiges-
tion; but the more common causes are grief, anxiety, irritability of
temper, over- taxing tho body or mind, worry, loss of sleep and
general nervous debility. Quiet the nervous irritation, soothe and
rest the weary brain and the digestive organs will gain- strength
pod tone. Dr. Miles' Nervine is the best medicine you can get.
"For about two years I had nausea directly after my
meals. Sometimes it would be accompanied with great
pain, which would bo relieved only after vomiting or
bfibelchlng large quantities of gas. -As my physician
failed to help me I determined to try Dr. Miles' Nervine.
I could see an improvement from >^f a bottle end two
' Mr.}. L.'L. Winters, GwynnevOle, Ind. .
jPpnes up the worn-out nerves, rests and recuperates the weary
brain, and gives new strength and vigor to tho entire
It whets tho apjpetite, stimulates digestion f jt
and builds^solid, healthy fleshy ~
..Sold by -droggis.ts. on a guarantee, 'p&^Sj&^i^c&L Co^ jnkfcart, Jed, : -Skinner, p 3 12 0 111
Totals 33 9 10 4 »24 10 15
SAN FRANCISCO CARRIERS. :'- -
Ali. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Fontaine, 3b 7 4 3 2 111
Ahrens, c S 2 0 0 19 2 1
Behan. 2b :.... 3 2 2 0 3 10
Tyrell. r. f 8 1 2 ! 1 0 1
McCarty. 1. t 8 2 3 0 0 0 1
Buckingham. ». ».. 7 2 1 4 3 * 0
Hopkins, lb 5 3 4 3 7 11
Bates, c. ( 4 4 4 110 0
Marks, p 4 3 2 2 2 1 1
Mulhern. lb 1 0 0 1 0 0 1
Eighteen Months Old Son of the Terror Is
a Good 'Un With the Mitts.
LITTLE JOE McGOVERN
TAKES AFTER TERRY
Punch Embodies It in a Cartoon and a Few
Pleasant Side Remarks.
LORD DURHAM'S IDEA
OF AMERICAN RACING
OAKLAND. Nov. 23.— The weddlnjr of
John O. MIedt of Emeryville and Emma
P. Goetz was celebrated this afternoon at
the residence of the bride. 243S Aahby ave
nue. Berkeley. Many friends of the yountt
people were present. Justice Mortimer
Smith cf this* city officiated.
Thanksgiving Day Wedding.
The pony'? owner told a reporter who
saw the pair the other day that. the pony
w r as born in Hoboken and was raided x»n
a bottle. It has been taught any number
of tricks, such as lying down in a bed.
eating at a table, jumping a four-foot
hurdle and walking up four flights of
stairs, besides drinking beer from a glass.
Recently the pony -has taken a liking to
a cup of coffee mornings.— New York Sun.
A - saloon in upper Eighth avenue has
been dolnsr a thriving business recently
because a man In the neighborhood has a
pony which can drink beer or a mlik
punch as handily as an old-timer. The
man and the pony may be seen any after
noon at the saloon bar enjoying their
drinks with apparent relish. The pony
'enters by the front door and stands be
side his master waiting to be served.
Pony Drinks Like a Man.
OAKLAND. Nov. 29.— The monthly dis
tribution of testimonials to the pupils of
St. Joseph's Institute. West Oakland, ¦warn
h*ld yesterday. Addresses were delivered
by Rtv. J. B. McNally Jr., Rev. Brother
Theodoras, ?uperlcr of the Christian
Brothers, and Rev Brother Euphraslus.
director of the school. The following
named pupils received testimonials:
First class, first division— J. J. Lacey. J. P.
Hf-ssler. George C. Ahem. C. O. Fe«han, M.
J. Flnn.'W. D. Ward. J. M. Haran. F. A. Far
1*11. A. J. Peters. Second division — E_ J. Cro
p«n J. J. Painter. O. V. Harrington. V. J.
Ward, T. J. Cronin. C. H. Magennia. E. E.
Klr.g and B. V. Burke.
Second class, first division— W. T. Mason, P.
F. O'Brien. F. J. Kenny. J. T. Kingston. V. H.
¦VVcstdorf. E. L. DrisooH. J. J. Thomas. V. r>.
McCarthy. H. E. Cullen. A. J. Keller. L. C.
Ptteraon. C J. Astrue. H. I. Griffin. J. J.
O'Donnell. C. A. Doyle. Second division- J. T.
O'Donneli. E. T. Keller, A. W. Castle. O. T.
Haran. "E. P. Tehaney. J. J. McDonald. J. W.
skhmittensrer and E. P. I»rd.
Third cla»». nrat division— M. Scully. O. Me-
Peak*. A. Klnsr. G. Stewart. J. OKeefe. P.
O'Brien. G. Nolan. F. Murray, J. McCann, K.
Biven. R. Mason. F. Roderick, a Klnijston.
J. Hannaghan. J. Griffln. G. Dowlins. H.
Erock. M. Bowden. M. Moriah. A. Sorenaon.
W 'Whitney. W. Johnson. S*cor.d division —
J. Hessler. E. McAllister. t>. Halloran. W.
Doyle, S. Connolly. W. Jchn«on. J. Barry. A.
Prock N. Burnett. H. Andreani. J. Rudeck.
E. Robin. M. Roderick. W. Walsh, L. Whit
ney and T. Dolly.
Young: Students of St. Joseph's In
stitute Receive Recognition
for Their Good Work.
REWARDS OF MERIT
FOB DESERVING PUPILS
John I*. Davie made a speech In opposi
tion to the amendments. He, said he be
lieved matters were best as they now ex
ist.
"Had the Board of Police and Fire
Commissioners been constituted as It- Is
by this amendment proposed It snail be.
requests by the City Council or members
of the Council In matters like the fore
going would not Involve the chief execu
tive. The proposed amendment is desira
ble for this reason. ! It will also place the
police and fire departments as far from
the illegitimate Influence of the Council
as It is possible to place them. For this
reason also It is a desirable amendment."'
After explaining the purpose of the :
amendments. Mayor Snow said he did not ¦
feel called upon to advocate any amend
ment except the ones authorizing a gar
bags crematory and dredging, and the
amendment changing the make-up of the
Board of Police ana Fire Commissioners.
Mayor Snow Continued:
"You are aware that the Mayor, the
v-ity Engineer and the City Attorney an:
ex-offlclo Police and Fire Commissioners,
having control under the charter of the
police and fire departments of the city.
"At the very commencement of th«»
present administration the members of
the Council, at an informal gathering,
made the astounding request that the
Chief of the Fire Department be re
moved, and also his first assistant, and
that two men, whose names were given,
be appointed in their places. No citizen
of good judgment, having the welfare of
the city and the efficiency of the fire de
partment at heart, could have granted
this request. The Mayor did not. and the
present Council has never forgiven him.
."1 assumed the office of chief executive
¦with the intention of jrrajitlng every re
quest made by the Council that would not
jeopardize the Interests which I had been
efceted to guard. This request did in
volve the welfare of the city.- The matter
was carefully weighed. The Councilmen.
whose attitude toward the chief executive
could make the administration efficient or
Inefficient; the influential newspaper,
whose owners were In sympathy with the
extraordinary request: the office seekers,
who desired to use the reorganized fire
' and police departments— all the^e were
considered. The request of the Council
Involved too much and was refused. The
attitude of the legislative body has since
been one of disapproval of this act of the
Mayor, finding expression often In the last
eighteen months, to the disadvantage of
the city. . .
So spoke Mayor R. W. Snow last n!ght
at a meeting of the North Oakland Im
provement Club, called to cMscuss the
proposed charter amendments for whlc*^
an election will be held on December S.
The principal amendments propose to cre
ate a separate Board of Public AVorks
and a Police and Fire Commission, to be
appointed by the Mayor, beginning with
the successor to the present chief execu
tive.
111S Broadway. Nov. 23.
"For the best Interests of the city. th«
control of the police and fire departments
should be so far removed from the t dlc
tation of the legislative body that the re
fusal of the officers In control' to do the
bidding of the City Council can do no
harm to the city. Such la not the case
at present, nor never can bfe. as this
board is now constituted." ..--V
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
City Fathers, He Declares, Have
Never Forgiven Him for Not
Making Removals as
Says Boards Should Be Re
moved Prom Dictation
of Council.
MAYOR SNOW
ON AMENDMENTS
On the way back Turner's Illness took a
more serious turn, and part of the time
he spent In bed. However, when the train
arrived In Oakland on Saturday night ho
was strong enough to walk to his home
on Sixth street. He then called a physi
cian who told him he had a mild form of
smallpox.
Jackson. Sanderson and Azmon also
commenced to complain on the way
across, but. like Turner, they laid It to a
cold. When they reached their respective
homes Saturday each took to his bed and
called a physician. They were Informed
that they had varioloid. ,
The men know of no other way that
they could have contracted the sickness
except that It might be on account of the
car they occupied having been previously
occupied by Chinese, wno left some dla
ease germs In it. ' • -
Three of the sick men were members of
a crew that was sent to New Orleans to
bring back a Sunset train. Turner wu
deadheading his way with them. The men
were quartered In a basrgage car which
was reputed to have been occupied by
Chinese in transit across the continent on
a previous trip.
Several days after leaving Oakland Tur
ner became 111. He complained of head
aches and backaches, but thought he had
nothing more the matter with him than a
heavy cold. His companions took care of
him, providing all the comforts the dlngy
baggage car permitted. At New Orleans
Turner walked about the streets and min
gled with old friends for four days before
the start back 'n Oakland was made.
Four Sunset limited yorters who left
Oakland during the middle of the month
in a baggage car for New Orleans cams
back Saturday night last stricken with
varioloid. They are now quarantined .at
their homes in this city by order of
Health Officer Dr. J. H. Todd. who has
taken all the necessary precautions to pre
vent the spread of the disease. The vic
tims are William Jack3on. 1561 Grove
street: G. Turner. Sixth street, between
¦Washington and Broadway; E. Sanderson.
919 Fifth street, and Henry Azmon. S31
Castro street.
111S Broadway, Nov. 29.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
Turner Walks About New Orleans
Streets and Comes Back to Oak
land Befors He Discov
ers His Condition. '^^
Disease Contracted From Car
Previously Occupied
by Chinese-
PORTERS TAKEN
WITH VARIOLOID
¦¦:-,¦' : "~' r - *
TRAINER— NOW THIS HORSE IS AS FIT AS CHEMICALS CAN MAKE
HIM. YOU'VE GOT A GALVANIC SADDLE. AN ELECTRIC WHIP,
HYPODERMIC SPURS. AND IF YOU CAN ONLY SHIN A BIT FAR
THER UP HIS NECK YOU OUGHT JUST TO LICK ANYTHING WITH
HAIR ON IT.
In' this picture he Is pressed to repre
sent Johnny Ray of the theatrical team
of The Kays,' who are great friends of
the | McGovern family. Joe has a sister,
who is just 6 weeks old.
It is rather unusual for « man 21 years
old to be the world's champion ' In the
feather, bantam and lightweight classes
and fp.ther.ol two beautiful and Interest
ing children. Terry thinks more of his
babies and his wife than he does of his
reputation as a fighte r. The McGovern
home Is that of a nappy family. '
THE accompanying picture Is that
of Master Joseph McGovern, : the
18-months-old son of Terry Me*
Govern, the pugilist and also star
of the play" "The Bowery After
Dark." The friends of Little Joe
say that he has inherited " all of
his father's pugnacious ways, judging by
the manner In which he upper cuts all the
dolls in the nursery at home, with or
v.-ithout gloves. The boy says he prefers
bare knuckles in contests of this kind.
His Imperial Nib* — Run the fire under
the new arrival up about ninety thousand
_*i agrees.
*» imp — Vec. sire. You must want to give
h:m a warm reception.
"Well, I am anxious to disabuse his
mind of any lingering Idea that the flfty
thotjiwnd dollar* n»» gave to charity out of
hl» fifty millions cuts any Ice here."— Life.
Jockey Club.
NEVT ORLEANS. Nov. S>.— The meeting
of the Crescent Jockey Club opened
auspiciously to-day. Weather pleasantly
cool, attendance about 4000. track a trifle
Flow. In the $1501 Inaugural handicap F.
T. Wood'f pair. Money Muss and May
Beach, were favorites at R to 5. but neith
er was a factor in the race. Vandusen's
perfect handling landing Sevoy in front.
Triaditza. off badly, ran a game race and
finished strong. Summary: •
Mil* and a sixteenth — Charlie O'Brien won.
StraRgest recond. Bohul third. Tim", l:51*j.
Five furlor.ps— Tonieum won. Gracious second.
P»n«tor Joe thiH. Time. 1:C4.
Milt and a «juart»r— Fr«n«lbl* won, Major
Mansir me^oai. Hoo3'» Brigade third. Tim*,
2:1IU.
IcauguraJ handicap, fix furlorurs — Bevoy won,
Trtadltza. second. Money Muss third. Time.
1:15.
Seven .furlonr*. eellinR — Chiffon won. FJI*ter
:¦'-.¦'¦ rrcond. Kicht Bella third. Time. 1:30!*.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 29.— The local racing
season came to an end to-day with the
closing of the fall meeting of the Queen
City Jockey Club. Track muddy. Re
eults: /j
Mile ar.4 a elxtwnth, selling— Wine Prc«»
won. Bean* eeeond, Prettie Roaie third. Time.
1:51.
Five and a h»lf furlongrs — Russian won.
OI«-nwood iweond. Miss Aubrey third. Time,
l:\Z\.
Mil* en-1 fin eljrhth. sfllinjr— Flas Of Truce
won. Fir Gatlan second. Winter third. Time,
<rnn rr.lle. B*>lllnjr— Sarllla won. Baffled sec
ond. Etta. thJrd. Tlro«, 1:47^.
Th»> f.fth rac« vm called off on account of
•¦-ratchps. " .
six furlonir*. «»Illnc— L*<Jy Kent Von. Re
vok* F^cond. VTiIem third. Time. 1:U!(.
WASHINGTON. Nox-. 29.— A large
crowd. pxc» babl >' the greatest ever gath
t-red there, assembled at the Bennings
track to-day. Summary:
Mile and a half, hurdle*, over «ix Jumps—
"'.-:¦ Lijrht won. Draughtsman second, Bos
i'horus third. Tim*. 1M 1-5.
£lx furious, wiling;— Th# Chamberlain won,
Hfurr second Prim* Plausible third. Time.
J:!T *-5.
Five and a half furlon*:*— Termlesn won. The
rinrue i*i«nd. Automaton third. Time. 1:10 2-5.
Hunter*, champion itreplc-chaB*. about three
ht-A one-half mil*»— Self Protection won. Diver
«cond. HijrhM* third. Time. 7:13 J-S.
Th» WaRhinrton cur. two and a quarter
mil«>» — First Whip won. ,Iloche»ter second.
Knlrht of th» Garter third. Time. 4:06.
Majd«nj«, eix .lurlong-*— Mordelmo won. Cap
tain January second, llcp lirooks third. Time,
::1« «-5. ¦' ' '
Handicap. ' «rren " f urlonrs^-Maribert won.
•Tiarentus second, Huitrllopochtle third. Time.
1:SO. ,
Inaugural Meet of the Crescent
OPENING AT NEW OELEA2JS.
OAKLAND CARRIERS.
Smith, Oakland's first baseman, was
struck squarely In the pit of the stom
ach by the hatted ball, but with Spartan
like heroism he held the ball and made the
play.
Left Fielder Cohen did some wonder
ful gymnastics for the Oaklanders. One
remarkable somersault In mid air" won
the agrllft flQlder a great reception when he
walked across the diamond.
The Oaklands attribute - their defeat
mainly to the fact that their brother car
riers from the other side were too good
with the stick.
The score follows:
"' ABl n. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Finn*>can, Jb 4 1 1 0 1 2. 1
Hanley. c 4 1 1 1 1.12
Campbell, s. » 4 1 2 0.435
Mueller, r. t 4 110 111
Kelton, 3b 4 2 2 0 112
Smith, lb 4 113 7 0 2
Cohen, |. f 3 0 0 «0 4 1 1
Handlett. c. f 3 10 0 5 0 0
OAKLAND. Nov. 23.— By a score of
23 to 9, the letter carriers from
Station D. San Francisco, cleaned
out the poftofflee on this side of
the bay at baseball this after
noon. The game was played before an
admiring crowd of rooters at Freeman's
Park. The fine strong points of the con-
IV'hai's p!ay on second.
Smith's bread basket catch.
Cohen's midair Iear>s.
F1nn«tcarTs bluffs.
Skinner"* curves.
Behan made a wonderful double play at
second. Hanley of Oakland was the run
ner. He was seized with stage fright and
could not get away from the bag. He
was forced off and Behan touched the
scared Oaklander and the man coming
from first base without leaving the bag.
The Ka.«t Oakland union services were
hfid at Pilgrim Congre?atlonal Church.
where Rev. C. M. Hill, pastor of the
TVr.th Av*»r.u\ Baptist Church, preached.
At West Oakland Rev. M. H. Alexander
preached tho wrmon during services held
r-t the Se<v>nd Congregational Church.
"Ae a nation we have never aspired to
be- a world power, but events have made
Jt so. and the responsibility is great. If
•re rise to our duty we may write the
¦rurd "liberty* across the pace of the
twentieth century history as it was never
•written before. Let us give thanks that
<>--><1 has brought us to the kingdom of
Opportunity for such a time as 'Sis.
Whfn political and social victories hav-j
bren Fathered up: when everything is
marshaled !n array, far ahead of all must
hf placed th<» achievements of modern
ro'ssions. From whatever point they are
viewed they "shine in triumphant splen
dor."
••Take our position to-day in the sister
hood of nations. God has been writing
history with the pen of war. and men
have read the record as prophecy; so we
have a prestige that was never ours be
fore.
"The i^.ittrial Triumphs of our century
¦we remember with gratitude. Did time
I'trmit we might enumerate victories or
what has aptly been called the century of
><. ienre.
OAKLAND, Nov. ».— Union Thanksgiv
ing services were held to-day in the Oak
land churches. In Central Oakland, the
¦worship was conducted at the First Con
pi e {rational Church.
The mu^ic was under the direction of
t\ iiliam B. King. The opening prayer, de
livered by liev. J. S. McDonald of the
First Prt-Vbyterian Church, was followed
by th*» rt-ading of the President's procla
mation by Rev. J. C. Wooten, pastor of
LBbory Methodist Church. Rev. William
Kelly, pastor of the First English Luther
an church, read a Scripture lesson and
iiev. E. R. IMlle. pastor of the First Meth
• >h-t <"hurch. offered prayer. During the
.•-. vmon. Rev. C. ii. Hobart. pastor of the
First Baptist Church, said:
"We are here for thanksgiving and
praise at the call of our President and
Likewise "* 'be summons of our hearts.
Congregations Assemble Throughout
the City to Offer Thanks for
Prosperity.
UNION SERVICES IN
CHUKCHES OF OAKLAND
OAKLAND. Nov. 29.— The Order of
Railway Conductors and the Brotherhood
of Railway Trainmen have taken charge
of a benefit entertainment which will t>e
given to-morrow evening at Alcatraz Hall,
Peralta street, near Seventh, to assist the
family of Silas P. Beare. a young South
ern Pacific student hrakeman who was re
cently killed at Deceto. The ratlroa'l men
have takon great Interest ti. the affair
because Beane's farrily wps left destitute.
The ycung man had been in the com
pany's employ only three days when he
was" killed. He was not then eligible to
membership in the brotherhood.
The entertainment will consist of the
production of the ccmedy drama. "A No
hle Outcast." by the No Plus Ultra Com
pany, tinker the direction of C. M. Blair
ar.dJ Mf-Xeece. Tho^e who will take part
are C. M. Blair. R. McAllister. Harold
Llewellcn. J. McNcece. Ml«s H. Heider.
Miss M. Klrkham. Miss J. Newman. Miss
Alma Ferris and John Bart. ';"..
KAII/KOAD MEITS BENEFIT
FOB, DESTITUTE FAMILY
BASEBALL. "PHEXOMS" OF UNCLE SAM'S POSTAL DEPARTMENT APPEAR IN VARIOUS ATTITUDES DUR
ING A THRILLING GAME AT FREEMAN'S PARK BETWEEN CARRIERS FROM THE SAN FRANCISCO
OFFICE AND THE OAKLAND OFFICE FOR CHAMPIONSHIP HONORS AND A THANKSGIVING DINNER.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Nov. 23.
Work has a^ain b*en furnished the in
mates c? the State Home for the Adult
Blind by the purchase of thirty-four tons
Of broom-corn ajid the reopening of the
brcom-rnaking plant. The blind men are
haj'py -n consequence, as they will now
have the opportunity, which has been
denied them for nearlv four years, of
taming money again.
There are ninety-seven inmates of the
iiome. Forty of these have been given
employment. As soon as the demand for
the output becomes firmer the rest •will
l>e put to work. Many of these unemployed
l.i present are strangers to the art of
broom-making, and will have to be taught
from the beginning. From eight to ten
dozen brooms are turned out each day
fay the present force. When the full force
:s at work the output will be about fifty
dozen brooms per day.
Already forty dozen brooms have been
cold. Orders are coming- la daily. The
average price per dozen has been $2 .a.
When the plant closed down under Super
intendent isanders' previous management
the inmates were working overtime to
supply the demand for its manufactures,
winch were being exported to Central
America, Hawaii. Australia and British
Columbia. It is the aim of the manage
ment to get back this lost trade.
•"When we weiii into office." eald John
P. Irish, president of the board of
directors of the home, "we faced a big
deficit. It has taken us all this time to
make it up. Before Mr. Hays superseded
Sanders the average
monthly income was $1646. During
th» last administration the home was un
successfully conducted, and ii was found
nr-cessary to close the broom-making shop.
Now we have been saving money from the
appropriations made by the State, and ex
i i-ct soon to have the plant running full
blast."
'President Irish ha* submitted his re
vert for the last year to the Secretary
3 State. It will not be given to the pub
ic until It has been perused by that offi
cial.
The Broom-Making Plant Is
in Operation at the
State Home.
.
Opportunity Given Stricken Men to
Make a Living at the Industry
So Long Closed
Down. *
WORK AGAIN FOR
BLIND INMATES
In pplte of Hunter's confession, which
was minute and fixed Arnold as lhe sec
ond footpad, the latter stoutly denied any
connection with the crimes, but the de
tectives have sufficient evidence on which
to convict both the prisoners.
This morning the prisoners were
stripped and their clothing was given a
thorough search. The result was the
bringing to light of a silk handkerchief
and a watch and chain which Mrs. Curtis
later identified as having been In the
chatelaine bag which the midnight foot
pads had taken away from her. Besides
this property v.as a small pocket mirror
and a small black purse which belonged
to Mrs. Fritzlnger. There were also two
small silk handkerchiefs for which the
detectives are seeking an owner.
The younger lad. Hunter, confessed his
guilt and told the Ftory of the two crimes
to the police this morning. He was taken
over the ground and his story was con
firmed by the finding of the chatelaine
bag at Twenty-fifth avenue and East
Fourteenth street, where the boys threw
it after the robbery of Mrs. Curtis, which
occurred two blocks away.
The boys were seen loitering around the
neighborhood of Washington and Seventh
etreets. Their actions attracted the at
tention of the patrolmen, who accosted
the wayfarers. The young men's replies
did not satisfy the policemen, who sus
pected something wrong, so the lads were
sent to the City Prison for further exam
ination.
With a portion of their plunder care
fully hidden .in their clothing, William
Hunter and Frank S. Arnold, boy tramps,
IT years old. who garroted Mrs. W. D.
Curtis at Friiitvale yesterday morning,
and Mrs. Silas Fritzinger of Hanover
street, Tuesday afternoon, were arrested
at 2 o'clock this morning by Policemen
Lynch and Sill.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. N'ov. 29.
Confession of One of the Prisoners
Strengthens Case Which De
tectives Prssent Against
the Lads.
Youths Who Garroted Wo
men Land in Jail With
Their Plunder.
POLICE CAPTURE
YOUNG FOOTPADS
ALMEDA COUNTY, OAKLAND, BERKELEY
LETTER CARRIERS OF SAN FRANCISCO
TEACH OAKLAND BRETHREN BASEBALL
Pile Up 'Runs Until Scorer Almost Quits Counting and Win Fuli
Measure of Glory and a Turkey Dinner.
! When sdhrapnel-- bursts the . bullets go
forward : in common shell the fragments
fly in all directions, xaiaa
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 29.— The annual
intercollegiate football game for 1900 be
tween Pomona College and the University
SAN DIEGO.. Nov. 29.— Football: Nor
mal School 15, High School 12." At Ramona:
San Diego 21, Ramona 0.-
- SEATTLE, Nov. 29.— The Thanksgiving
game of football played here between
teams ¦ representing -:. the " University of
Washington and Pullman Agricultural
College resulted ' in a tie, each side mak
ing a touchdown, but neither kicking a
goal.
the Reno:. Wheelmen's, team by a score
of ; 7 to 6. .
'AVILLOWl. Nov. 29— The Willows foot
ball team defeated on the local gridiron
the Orlo'e team of Suisun, who, until to
day had been victorious in every contest
in which they -had' played this season. The
score was 5 to 0.
MARYSV1LLE, Nov. 29.— The football
game In this city between Marysville and
Sacramento resulted In a tie. »:
CHICO, Nov. 29.— The first annual-game
of football between the San Joee and
Chlco normal school teams took place In
this- city to-day. The game was stubborn
ly, fought throughout, neither 'side scor
ing; until the last thirty seconds of the
second' half, when ¦ the , San Jose team
kicked a field goal, winning on a score of
5 to : 0. ¦¦•;'. vja~- . . ., ¦/-:":¦ ,-V.v. - _ ¦ ..
SALINAS, Nov. 23.— The : football game
between, the Salinas and Santa Crur high
school teams ' to-day resulted ln'a victory
for the latter, s Score. 6 to 0.
of. Southern California has passed Into
history. To-day fully 1200 people saw
the Pomonas defeat the university eleven
by a score of 11* to 0.-
PETALUMA. Nov. 29.— A football game
was played by a High School eleven and
the Town Club team to-day. The latter
won with a score of 4 to 0.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 29-The foot
ball game between the Haskell Indiana
and the Ohio Medical School teams to-day
broke up in a row, the medicos forfeiting
the same to the Haskells. The Indian"
scored a touchdown in the first half and
kicked goal, the score standing 6 to 0
when the first half was finished. In the
Tecond half the medicos tied the score.
ThP Indians only played the harder after
Jhatr and were X taking the ball 'rapidly
toward tile medicos* goal line, when, the
rame broke up in a row One of the In
dians started around the end with the
ball and was tackled. . • '
Just as he fell the ball dropped from his
hands and was instantly picked up by an
oYber Indian, who sprinted across a clear
field and planted it behind the medicos'
jroal line. The captain of the medicos
claimed the ball had been downed before
the touchdown was made, but the referee
decided otherwise, and the medicos re
fused to continue the sramev For a short
time a riot seemed imminent. ''••ijySSBSH
JAME BREAKS UP IN A ROW.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Nov. 29.— To-day's
annual football game between the State
University elevens of Kansas and Mis
souri resulted in. a tie. with a score of
6 to 6. The teams were evenly matched
and a spirited contest was the result.
WICHITA, ¦ Kans.. . -Nov. 29— The
Friends University beat Falrmount Col
lege here -to-day by a of 11 to 6.
Three thousand witnessed the game,
which was very closely contested. |
LINCOLN. Nebr., Nov.' 29.— Minnesota
defeated Nebraska in a stubborn and well
contested football pame to-day before a
crowd that broke the record In point of
attendance. The score was 20 to 12.
SALT LAKE, Nov. \ 29.— The . East" Den
ver HI«?h School proved :¦ easy for Salt
Lake HIgrh School here to-day,; the home
team .winning by a score' of 34 to 0.
TOPEKA. Kans., Nov. 29.— Washburn
University 16, Ottawa University 0.
RKNO, Nev., • Nov. 29.— The j University
' of Nevada football team to-day defeated
MINOR FOOTBALL GAMES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO C ALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1900.
TotnJs ..5© 23 21 15 27 10 7
•Last half of ninth not played.'
SUMMARY.
Three-base hit— Skinner. Two-base hit*—
KHton, Buckingham. Marks. Left on bases —
Oak'anrl,4. f»n Kranclsco «. Struck out — Oak
land 11. San Francisco 1. Hit by pitcher— Mc-
Carty. ..Double plays— Buckingham to Fontaine
to Behan. Passed balls— Hanley I, Ahrens 2.
Umpire— Hugh Cavaney. Official scorer—Con
rad Trleber.
11
DECEMBER TWO, NINETEEN HUNDRED.
4 h
HOW I BROUGHT THIRTEEN CANNIBALS
TO SAN FRANCISCO.
By Captain Edward Macco of the Mascotte.
HOW IT FEELS TO HAVE MONEY TO
.BURN.
By Blanche Walker Boardman.
_f_ ~" 9
NEXT
SUNDAY'S
CALL.
1 i r— »
5 CONDENSED FOODS NOW THE PROPER
THING.
SOCIETY WOMEN^AT THE DOLL SHOW.
THE SOCIAL SIDE OF NOME.
TO EUROPE UNDER THE OCEAN.
-i ¦ : ; : : — — h
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALLTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1900.
12
BSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesals
and retail piano house west of Chlcaeo •
agent peerless Heine and Hallet & DaviV
Boston's oldest and most famous piano and
ten other makes; pianos rented; rent allowed
on purchase. -
3 Heine 'uprights ..; ttrr
1 Mason & Hamlln *iZk
2 Stelnways f£
1 Chickerlng "'"'-'-. Jj?
1 Marshal'. & Wendell V.'.'*'"'" «
1 Emerson ; .... ""*" «
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary" 'it.';" 'onen
evenings. . , . "t^u
1NE list of slightly used pianos $135 ud- easv
payment*.*BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 18 O'Far-
rell st.; Chtckering agency; Symphonton mu-
sic boxes ;• sheet music, etc; open Saturday
. GOOD article is the best .'.'bargain" for any
one to buy; when you buy a - Decker & Son
or a. Packard piano, you always get a "bar-
gain, as It will last a lifetime and please
everybody; we try to arrange payments to
suit your convenience, If possible, and take
pleasure in showing you the goods, even It
you do not want to buy Just now MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 7«9 Market st.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co,'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
. liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Steinway any tlma
within three years from date of purchase
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash and
»6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers cor-
ner Kearny Sutter sts.. San Francisco,
corner : Broadway and Thirteenth st. Oak>
land.
I BUSI.VESS CHAXCES — CONTINUED.
DRUG store; short distance from San Fran-
cisco: good opportunity. Full particulars of
LANGLEY &. MICHAELS CO.. 40 First St.
GROCERY and bar; good business; selling ac-
count sickness. 1111 Howard st., cer. Langton.
$100— RESTAURANT: must be 6old to-day on
account of sickness. 14S Fifth st. j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 2200 Filimore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1058
j Valencia Ft.
LODG1.\G-HOL'SES 'FOR SALE.
17 ROOMS on Powell st.; rent $175; price.. $1900
7 rooms on Taylor St.; rent $10; price.... 635
15 rooms on Geary et. ; rent $65; price 1050
14 rooms on O'Farrell St.; rent $50; price.. 800
12 rooms on Post St.; rent $50; price 860
15 rooms on O'Farrell Et. ; rent $65; price.. 750
"3 rooms on Mission et.; rent $60; price... 1100
16 rooms on He-ward St.; rent 125; price... 750
For quick sales list your houses with A. L.
WILLEY. 916 Market St.; phone black K15.
. A— 22-ROOM house; central $100)
?0-room house? first class 1050
31-room house; $475: 6-room flat 825
T0-room house; Eddy: r?nt $75: only 900
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
SNAP; 11 room?, furnished; clears $25 per mo.;
I only $123. FISHER & CO., 1052 Market st.
I BITTERS of lodeing-houses will find large list:
j line bargains In lodging-houses. Samples:
! IQZ rooms; rent $C4. price $1500.
¦ 12 ror-ms: rent $34; price $<C0.
: We loan money to buyprs at 1"~ per cent. ¦'
SCHWEINHARD & CO., P17 Market ft., be-
! tween Fifth and Sixth. Phone Mint 1911.
j M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.. room 1. Free list.
New bargains every day — good paying houses.
; Over 500; ail rizes and prices; terms easy.
I"OR sale— 242 Sixth St.; nice sunny house of 9
; room 6.
! 16-RCOM lodging-house; paying; will sell rea-
¦ Ronahle. Hox 235. Call offlce.
! i' ¦
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
j COLUMBUS~BUGGY Co!, clearance sale-low
wheel, rubber tire, road wagon, $S0; other
I styles at proportionately low prices; suitable
! Xmas presents. Markt, nr. 9th.. opp. St. Nich.
1 FOR sale— Cheap; fine Caffrey broupham. near-
j ly new, with new rubber tires and patent
I French brake. Inquire St. Lawrence Stable,
j 423 Post st.
{ ALL kinds of wagons, bufrgles. carts, harness,
i etc.. cheap. FGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
j camping wagon, for sale ch»ap. 632 Mission.
j NEW 4- 2d-hand wagom, buggies, carts & har-
j n«». wcrk & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
I - ' =
I SPIRITUALISM.
! MRS~DtT FAR^H^MT^^rld-renowned^Eplrit-
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law-
! suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
| mining a specialty; cirs. Sun.. Wed., Fri. ev's;
I come and be convinced. Permanently located
! 513 Eddy Et., bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
1 MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, tesft. business me-
i dium and life reader; also medical clairvoy- ,
; ant: treats all diseases at office or by letter; i
j fittings. |1. 1164 O'Farrell st. : take Ellis oar.
! CIRCLE to-nisht at S sbarp.lOc; readings dail>.
MME. MARQUISE. 5 Hyde st..nr.McAllister.
MRS. HARLA.ND'S circle to-night: also Sun. !
eve., 10c: bluings daily, 5'Jc, Jl. 14S Sixth St. j
i MRS. DR. GILSON. 614 JesFie et., near 7th; j
| circles Tues., Thurs., Sun.. 8 p. m. ; sit. daily.
"CONSULT Watson." 15S1 Mkt. Ft., nr. 12th:
medium, clairvoyant, psychic, palm. ; 50c, Jl.
I MRS. HARRISON— Medium, test, readings; see
, her cir. Tues. Thurs.. Sun. CS Mission st.
J1JII*. RUTH, wonderful card clairvoyant, has
¦ returned; fee 25c and 50c. 70S Ellis st.
! MME. MAJORS. gifted spiritual medium,
! healer and card reader. 146 EdJy st.
; EDW. EARLE, slate writer, removed 300 Ellis,
• cor. Taylor: Sunday nlRht. Pythian Castle.
. FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings; convincing tests }o-night: 10c,
i ' ¦
CLAIRVOYANTS.
! MH?. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
1 medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
i ket Bt., corner of Gclden Gate ave.. room 25
! and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
I guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for pamph-
i let with special terms.
; MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
I reader, born with double veil— 6econd .sight;
'< diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
! gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
i MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
¦ given in all affairs of life; satisfaction' guar-
'¦ ar.teed; Loc up. 17 Third st, next Examiner.
; REMOVED— The great inspirational card read-
, er; price 25c and 60c: hours 10 a. m. till fl p.
! m. MADAME VAN BERGEN. «8 Fulton st.
j ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
| palmist, permanently located IMS Market, opp.
! 6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
! MRS. E. SANDERS, 514 Taylor St.. near Geary
i — Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
; ladles' circle Thurs.. 2 p. m.; Fri., 8; dr. 25c.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
<Jium;25c up. $23 Mission st.. nr. 4th; ring belL
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth ; German spoken.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader,*
sittings dally. 448*4 Jessie st.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, le the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
I medium. 215 Kearny St., rooms 8-10.
! MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
j palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1U9 Mission.
I MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
; advice; names given; 25e up. 6 Fourth st.
: CARPET HEATIXG AXD CLEAXIXG.
i WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
! send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
i ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
i STANDARD. 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
! kets renovated, 25c per pair: carpets cleaned,
I 3c yd.; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
! CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c,
j STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth Bt.: tel. Jessie 944.
; J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
; vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth et.; tei. Mission 74.
! CITY Steam Carpet -Beating Works, g! hI
j STEVENS, mgr.. 28-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
I ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
; CONKLIN'tZ Carjwt-Beatinir Works. 233 <.;<.dden
! Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
I CHIROPODISTS.
j BUNIONS, ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
j palnlrss: consul'n free. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
j COLLECTION' OFFICES.
i GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
i leas successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
; COTTAGES TO LET.
! TWENTY-FIFTH. 3S33^Cottage] 3 rooms;
j large yard; rent $5.
i $6— SUNNY cottaee;' 5 rooms; Roscoe St., off
Crerecnt ave. Apply 6» Silver rt., off Third.
$7 60— 4-ROOM cottage; sunny: basement. 171
j Collins *t.. off Point Lobos ave.
j SUNNY cottage, 6 rooms; bath, cellar, nice
j yard; $12. Apply grocery, 23rd and Sanchez.
' $10 — COTTAGE (rear). 4 rooms and attic; gar-
j den; water free. Apply 1121*>i Filbert St.
j $12—9 PERINE St.; 2-etory house. 5 sunny
i rooms and yard. Apply at 2526 California.
DENTISTS.
i Xi'Th* electHo-dental ~c£tincsto» iiu--
! ket «>t., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
I have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
l tSt-Q up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON.M.D.. Manager.
; EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
1-erience; no students; advlco free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
j DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 Q'Farrell st.
! A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
j warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings, 50c:
crown*, $J 50; plates, full set. $5; all work
• ]-atn!«M ond warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
I PARLORS. 24 Sixth St. '
i DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
' —No charge for extracting when plates are
Fnade; old plates made over like new; teeth
rom $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
"MAIN Offlce" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
Market «t.. bet. Sixth and Seventh: consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively .and absolutely without pain.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns.. $$; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
da-s. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SETT of teeth -without plate. DR. " M. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St. , .
LOWEST prices In S. F.; painless extraction.
I 50c. New York Dentists. Wtt Minion, cor. fith.
! ¦— — — — — — — —
j nivPii.ATorty. .
O. C. C— A Harmless liquid for permanently
wmorlng superfluous hair; will not Irritate
burn nor poison the most delicate skin; agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.; ag"cy, 426 Ellis.
MUSICAL ISSTItUMESTS.
WE are offeriug the flnestTTnes"oT*good and de^
slrable guitars, mandolins and banjos ever
¦' shown on the coast; they are of the cele-
brated "Regal" and- "Ideal", brand and are
beauties; the prices are very . reasonable and
you can buy on payments if you wish;. noth-
ing finer for a holiday present. MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market Bt
ON furniture and pianos; no removal ; con fl-
| dentlal; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.'
TO salaried people without, collateral or ln-
dorscr. S F. Discount Agency.. 143 Phelan bid.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party
low rate'. 317 Market st.. room JL" • *r.-v.-
WASTED-FEMALE. ; .K
C. R. ( HAN6EN & CO: . ..PHONE.GRANT 1SS
Two more waitresses, Arizona, $20. free fare:
10 waitresses city and country, $20 and JZo:
, restaurant waitress, $6 a week, no Sunday
work; 2 chambermaids to wait at dinner,
$20; woman cook. $30, and many. others.
•• FAMILY DEPARTMENT ••••••••••
Working housekeeper. widower's famllj.
country, J20, good place; houseglrl. "nail
American family $20, country, and others too
numerous to mention: reflned nurseglrl, $lo.
C. R. HANSEN. & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; understanding gen-
. eral housework plain cooking; no washing,
$12. 1405 Golden Gate ave.
TWO exjwrienced- girls to operate ¦«wlng ma-
chines: foot power. E. H. LEVY. 613 Market.
WANTED-Youn* eirl.to assist waiting; at ta-
bles; experience not necessary; $15. 680 4tn.
YOUNG' girl; light housework: German or
Swedish girl preferred. 1704 Fell st.
BOOKFOLDERS and sewers: girls wanted.
F. MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento st.
WANTEDt-A middle-aged woman to do general
housework. 1175A Market st.
LADY barber for Wednesday and Saturday.
757A Howard st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 83S
O'Farrell st. _____
NEAT respectable irlrl to wait on table and
•second work. 306 Leavenworth St. '
PERMANENT position" can be secured by a
woman of 30 who is reliable and quick to
lcarh. Box 454, Call office.
WANTED— A day cashier for a large restaur-
ant and bakerv; must be first-class and have
references. Address box 526, Call offlce.
•WANTED— A Good saleslady at RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED — Experienced examiners on shirts.
Apply The L. ELKL'S CO., 28 and- 31 Battery.
GIRL for general housework. Call Frldxy be-
tween 9 and 12 at 13 Scott st. ; reference.
WANTED— Girl for houeework and cooking.
2211 Sutter at.
GIRLS for housework; good pay. Pacific Em-
ployment Agency, 9 Geary: ph. Black 3719.
EXPERIENCED bookfolders and apprentices
wanted. Bookblndery. 536 Clay at. '
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions , has been established at 1098
Valencia Bt. ¦
HELP WANTED-MALB.
A— MURRAY & READyTTpHON^D MAIN 6S«
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A- M. TO-DAY ,
S teamsters, same ranch $26 and found
: "farmer and wife chore men and boys
15 ranch hands, milkers, etc
man for private place wagonmaker
carpenters, bridge and trestle work. .$3 a day
FOR HOTELS, ETC
Cook and wife, mine boarding house; plain
laundryman. country hotel; saloon cook, $S
a week: 15 cooks, city and country; waiters,
dishwashers, etc. MUKRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay St. '
A--WOODCHOPPERS TIEMAKERS
25 woodchODpers for a large company to cut
4-foot wood, Jl 10, $1 25 and $1 50 a cord, all
¦winter's Job '
60 woedchoppers, other places, $1 to $3 cord;
FARE PAID for 2.'. tiemakers, 9 to 12c, tools
nnd provisions furnished. MURRAY & |
READY. 634-636 Clay st . ;
A — BAKER, country shop. $12 a week: broiler, :
'$50: waiter, country hotel, J22 50, fare ad-
' vanced; 3 waiters, city hotels, $25 and $30;
waiter, country restaurant, $S a week. C. i
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt. j
A-WANTED
Two 6-horse plow teamsters. $1 a day and
board; orchard hand and pruning, $25 and :
found. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st. \
A— CARPENTERS, 6 cabinet makers, 2 hard i
wood bfcnch hands. 2 sash and door machine j
hands. 1 sticker hand. Mechanics' Reglstra- I
tlon Bureau. 410 Kearny St.. room 5; non- i
union mechanics, please register; new Jobs
dally; no offlce fees. '.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers" International Union-
Free employment bureau; the only recognized
union of barbers. 116 Turk. I. LESS. Sec.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ- !
ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel.'Jeghlt 152. !
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
S. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than* 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet
1 inch In height; able to read, write and
speak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
street. San Francisco, Cal.
MAN wanted with $75; permanent place that
will 'pay ?15 to $1S a week; no experience re-
quired. Apply 101C Market St., room 10.
BOYS wanted — Crescent 'Feather Company, 152
New Montgomery st. ¦ ¦
BOY for general work In store; reference re- i
quired. A. KAIIN. 142 Geary st. '
HOME for man;* small pay. 30 Hannah St., '
Oakland. „ ¦ ' . . .
W'ANTED — Good dishwasher; some cooking to
do, $6. 6S0 Fourth st. • . . ¦
WANTED— A first-class barber at 1145 Valencia
street. '
WANTED— A good barber; steady. Inquire 143
Larkln st. ¦
GOOD cook and lunch waiter. 434 Fifth sL
8 BOYS to distribute circulars. Apply K. S. C.
Medical Co.. rooms 121-122. 1236 Market st.
WANTED— Experienced S3licltor for advance
work: expenses and salary. Address box
524, Call offlce
WANTED — A fir»t-class bushelman; steady po-
sition. RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED— A machinist. "Call at 614 Battery
street.
STRONG young man to learn baker's trade;
German preferred. Apply 326 Broadway.
WANTED— Boy about 16 years old for whole-
sale house. Address BUSH, box 47S, Call.
EXPERIENCED watch and jewelry salesman;
good salary to right man. Box 517, Call.
WANTED— Intelligent boy to do collecting few
houra every day after school. Box 514, Call.
BARBER chairs; 3 hydraulic Kokens, almost
new; will sell separate; cheap. STOLTZ, 636
Market st.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale. Corner Golden
Gate ave. and Hyde St.; good location.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House. 619 Sacra-
mento st., near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventlla ted rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.
"WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per .week.
MEN -wanted to learn barber trade only eight
. weeks required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old, reliable
firm, S06 Market, room 40, ' Phelan building;
pension vouchers executed. 25c; advice free.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 66r Mission et.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
COATMAKERS and pantsmakers for country.
Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter St. .
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tui-
tion at 8. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooins, lOe. ISo and
t 20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 25o
¦ to 50c. 562 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st. ' '__ *__
HOUSES, LIVE STOCK. Et«> — Kor Stale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
127 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORSE and mare for sale cheap; for
farm work, mare good for breeding, at SE.
corner Taylor and Bay sts. ; price $75.
HORSE clipping by experienced men; best work;
cheap prices. DALZIEL. 605 Golden Gate ave.
$30— HANDSOME furnished cottage, 7 rooms;
stable. 1845 Blake, cor. Grove, East Berkeley.
HORSE and wagon, together or. separate; ault-
- able for grocery. See owner. J56 Ninth st.
| CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
! Call. 16 pages, sent to : any. address . tn the
j United States or Canada one year for $1.
• 1 V HOUSES TO LET.
' A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
$12— 1515 • LEAVENW0RTH-t6 grooms; larg»
yard. ¦ ¦ . •• -\ ¦. :.-., '¦*:¦ '¦¦'•'¦
| " T~~* HOUSES XV ANTED. -¦¦ /
i WANTED^To^rent, small : house or
| new. 6 or 7 rooms and bath : North Beach or
Mission : rent not to exceed $25 inclusive. Box
' M9. Call offlce.
j HYPNOTISM".'--..,
PROF. RAYMOND— Strictly ; reliable: teaches
[-.; hypnotism in five lessons for $5. 997 Market st.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Fan Francisco
Cell, corner of Market and Third streets; open
crttil 12 o'clock every nicht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
ccrner Clay; open until ?:50 p. m.
TOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CCS McAllister street: cpen until 8:30 p. m. j
<lh "Larkin ptreet; open until 9:30 p. m- J
ZHl Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
rrtl Market street, corner Sixteenth: ©pea
tr.til 9 p. m. j
1!S Eleventh etreet: cpen until 9 p. m. j
10S6 Valencia street; cpen until S p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
f.icky streets; open until 8 p. m.
31KETIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Conimandery No. L K. -
T.. 6 Po?t st.— Regular assembly THIS 'a**
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Order of Tjft
the Temple. All fraters courteously yUt
invited. By order of the Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. _
M.. T.111 meet THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- JV
IN'G, November 30, .-it ":A" o'clock. See- TCJT
ond defrree. By order of the Master, /^r *
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— _
Special mretlnF THIS <FRIDAY)^\i
EVENING, h: : . ' o'clock. First <*.e- Xj«
Itree. Masons arc Invited. By ordor • ' ;
of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
"^VALHALLA Enramr-mcnt No. 7, I. O. a j* •
0. F.— Th« offirers and the funeral Nf I
committee or the above named fn-imp- /V !
ment are hereby notified to assembled X
Et Odd Fellows' Hall, comer Market and
Seventh sts., en SATURDAY. December 1.
19V), at 1:15 o'clock p. tn.. for the purpose of
attending the funeral of ovr late brother and
patriarch Al'G. DI1UCKER. By order of the
Chief Fatriarch. CHAS. QUAST.
Financial Scribe.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 3, !
1. O. O. P.— Initiation Till? g#?_K!g.
iFTUOAYl EVKNING. Nov. SO. "^gSfsS?
F. _, HEGE11AN. Secretary. > j
HARMONY Lodge No. 13, I. O. O. i
y.—Tlc- officers ar.d the funeral '
committee of the above named ;^5^SK''.^5r i
loi".gc _e hereby notified to as- **?*•"" '
vemble at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market i
end Seventh ets., on SATURDAY, December ;
:, at 131 o'clock x>. m., for the purpose of !
attendlrg the funeral of our late brother.
AUG. DRL'CKER, P. G. By order of the
N. G. CHAS. QUAET, Fin. See.
APOLLO lx>dge No. 123, I. O. O. F. J_a_*
-INITIATION THIS (FRIDAY) i$J*afefc i
NIGHT. November .SO, 8 o"clock.
HANDEL H. ZOBEL. N. G. <WS*
TV. F. XORCKOSS, Rec. Sec.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual j
meeting cf the stockholders jf the Paauhau j
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at i
the efflce of the company. No. 327 Market et.. !
San Francisco. Cal.. en SATURDAY, the 1st I
d«y of December. 1900. at the hour of 11 j
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a !
board of directors to eerve for the ensuing j
year ar.d the transaction of puch other busi- ;
r.ess _ n;ay come before the meeting. Trans- !
fer bocks will close en TUESDAY. November i
10. ISO0. at 2 r'c!«-k p. m.
K. H. FHELDON. Secretary. I
AGI2XTS WANTED.
$200 to $Xm PER month: men or •women; salary ¦
t commission. 92' Market Bt.. room 61S.
ASIMIALTIM HOOKING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re- |
r"ired; i^ytal. !!<¦& Mission: tel. Folsmn 1C0T.
ASTROLOGV.
rn. C. TOUPEY TAYLOR. Scientific Astro.o- !
MI*-*Pl*» ccrv "The New Moon." 765 Market. '
ATTOR\EVS AX LAW.
R. W. KING. 927 Market St.. 6th floor, room 627 i
—Estate*, damages, attachments, bankruptcy, j
collecti'ins: all ca^tr; fair fees: no advance j
rharff: J..anF on estates. Tel. Howard 1537. \
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private; ¦
r.o fee •without success; collections. G. W. I
HOWE, any at law. K9 Market, cor. Stockton, i
1. EDW. JARRETT. Tlearst bldg.. l"hird and !
Market yts. ; phone Red t £262.
ADVICE free; no charse unless successful. W. j
W. DAVIDSON. «C7 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- \
kei ft.: consultation free; no fees in advance. •
UATII C AMI ¦VETS. : ~~ \
ROBINSON. Niagara, Perfection aniTGthersTw^ '
S. BROWN CO.. agency. 426 Ellis St.. S. F.
ULSl.\_ti CUANCKS.
A— $300: OYSTER and chop house; opposite R. '
R. depot across the bay; daily receipts $30;
rent !„ Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26', i
Keaniy et.
A— $700: PALOON and lunch house; surrounded ;
by wholesale houses and machine shops; es- {
tablis-hM >eare; rent $30; splendid offer. Call !
It. O. WILKE. 2t^ Kearny st. ¦
A— t7.V>; ONE-HALF interest in good paying i
restaurant on Kearny rt. ; a first-class prop- '
oFition for the right party. K. G. WILKE, •
«M4 Keamy Et.
$V/>— COFFEE and lunch parlor doing a good
business in best part of city; a bargain. K.
G. WILKE. 26^ Kearcy st. I
A -17500; SALOON near Chronicle building; es- I
tablished years and known as one of the j
leading places _ the city. Call R. G. i
WILKE. :6'3 Kearny st. ;
A— J1200; CORNER grocery and 'bar; one blocx j
south of McAUirter et. ; rent J4S; •*;, years !
lease; owner has two more places of busl- |
ness and must ecll cpe; stock will Invoice
the price. Call It. G. VlLKE. 26'j Kearny. •
A— 11000; SALOON with mercantile lunch, sur- I
rounded by wholesale houses and factories; i
business clearing fizi per month easy; owner
keeps place in Oakland and must sacrifice. :
R. G. WILKE. 26>s Kearny et. I
A— COO*: RESTAURANT and coffee jiarlor on
Kearny St.. near Chronicle building:; rent Jl_; !
liupiness clearins J200 and above per month |
owner engaged otherwise; compelled to s.icn- :
flce.fr Call R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A— $3oOO; CORNER liquor bar: established 40 !
yeans: located near Chronicle buildlne; 3 i
rears' K-a.te; dal!y receipts about $50; one of
the best paying bars in this city. Particulars
R. G. WtLKE. CSU Kearny st.
A— CORNER butcher shop on Howard St.; do- i
ing a lirst-ciass paying cash business; must !
Fell at on^-e; owner goinjc In cattle buying. I
B. G. WILKE. "t'i Kearny st.
A-$l-00. BAKERY, corner, in Western Add.; j
pstab. many years; 4 horses, wagon, etc.; bak I
intr 4 t>arrels per day; 5 living rooms, bath; !
rent. tiO; 5 year*' lease: death of owner cause
cf gale. It. G. WILKE. 261J Kearny et.
A FINE corner grocery; best location: come at
_oi»_. COWTNG & CO., Jl> Market st.
A PLUMBING shop: good location; come at
once. COWING & CO., 713 Market Bt.
A— PARTNER wanted In good hotel. COWING
& CO.. 7U Market st.
A-GROCCRV: best bargain ever offered- 1125
takes^it. COWING & CO.. 719 Market su
A— SALOON: water front; a snap this day.
COWING & pp.. 719 Market BU
PALOON: iincft locality; fair stock and a good
run of custom; off er wanted to-day. DOV-
NELLY & CO:. C32 Market st. " , -• j
t70<y-"« Int. In plumber busin»«!>, established in
years; spi^n^id opportunity for a m-chanlc-
cause <-.f #a l»-. Lane & Co.. 860 Mrkt.
tsno— RESTAURANT; near Market: clearing $i>9
mo. ; party 2 years In place. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
EVERYBODY— Man. woman and child In San
Franoinco an<5 Pacific Coast, can afford to
bur oil etock, 1 cent jjcr share, in regular
corporation with proven oil lands; sure ln-
v-Ftmer.t: dividends will be paid with first
veil ; money b* iumvJ for development purposes
only; derrick and casing now on ground- will
Rive free J10«0 Insurance policy. Rood for one
v*-»r. with every thousand shares Bold; thoa-
«.nd rhar«*. 110: 100 shares $1; only l<»0 000
fhare* to be told. Jt'ANITA OIL CO '0Q9
Montgomery «., San Francisco. \
RARE opportunity! Grocery business with es-
tahllshed and profitable patronage of 1? years'
Hanging: stock, fixtures, horse, wagon- must
be 6013 at a sacrifice owing to owners' serious
illness: price J2250. Apply Saturday, Dec L
1S00. between 1 and S p. m. only, at office of
I. I. BROWN, room 2S. 7th floor. Mills bldg.
FOR SALE— Grocwy and bar on account o*
death. 43 Third Rt., corner Perry.
PA PER "routes in country town for sale Box
&34, Call.
EALOON and 6 rooms; located on corner; two
blocks from Call building; no .hot or cold
lunch business In this place: established 35
years; pay 10 * well; partner* can't agree;
rrlce only }<50. M. A. BROOKS, 12 Golden
Gate ave.
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
Sealed bids will be received at my offlce. 238
Montgomery Bt., on FRIDAY. Nov. 80. at noon.
Jor 76 shares of the stock of Lewis & Co., dray-
men. The capital etock of this concern consists
cf 800 ehares. For further Information apply to
P. POLAND. Public Administrator.
$125— CIGAR stand on Market St.: worth double
amount. FLORES CO., 1016 Market, rm. 10.
JiOO— FOR sale; saloon. £40 Commercial st., 1
door irom Kearny. near New City Hall.
WANTED — A partner tn an established fruit
and vegetable business. Inquire at 212 Gouph.
GROCERY and bar; S living rooms; very
cheap. C4 Ransch st.. near Eighth.
$J0— LADY as partner hair and- dressmaking
rtore. 1£28 Devmdero et. • ,
1375— WHITE FRONT saloon: no agent; call
_id eee. OH Washington et.. nr. Montgomery.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago la KOHLEU _ CHASE'S; 2«,
-S and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
! all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
. customer.
HIGH-GRADE 3-pedal upright piano; must be
• sacrificed.- leaving city. -419 Van 'Ness ave.*
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck, Hardman, Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 3U Post.
NEUMAN upright. $75; Sherwood. $S3: Peek.
$100; other bargains. BRUENN. 208 Post «t.
AT KEEFFE'S. 923 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlngcr agency.
GREAT many bargains In 2nd-hand uprights;
small Installments.. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
SOHMER _ CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler, Splel-
mann and Hamilton pianos. 308 Post st.
BEST rent stock in city; new pianos; $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage: dirt cheap;
Installments. Wilson's Storage. 710 Market.
A BARGAIN: must b* sold: nice upright piano.
fCHMITC. 1« McAllister st.. next Htb. Bank.
OFFICKS AM) STOHE."* TO LET.
A LARGE store and dry concrete basement:
elevator; Al for wholesale business.. 300-11
Sacramento st.
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pin*, street
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
IT costs nothing to ask how we select profit-
able oil stocks. Box f.29. Call office.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
KBRN River OH Lands— Proven territory In
the well-finown tract of "Grace Oil Co." for
sate; also other oil land for sale or lease; most
wonderful oil field known; over 530 feet of oil
sand; buy from owners and save commissions;
have been In field from start; will give you
tacts concerning any locality. NEWTON.
CARMAN & SOMES, 101 Chronicle bldg.. San
Francisco; 418 Douglas Block. Los Angelea;
Southern Hotel. Bakersfleld.
A FORTUNE for $500— The Orst U. 8. patent
oil land on the market In 3Vacre tracts;' send
for map and experts' reports and particulars.
A. L. WILLEY, 916 Market St.. S. F.
— .^^ — — — . — i
PERSONALS.
SUCCESSFUL business man, JS years old. with
plenty of means, wishes to meet a lady of re-
finement and in good standing; object. If. mu-
tual, marriacce. Address box. 532, Call.
I WILL not be responsible for any debts con-
tracted by my wife after this date, Novem-
ber 27. J. J. TRAVER.
MEXICAN Hair Grower stops the hair from
falling immediately and restores gray hair to
its natural color; ladles call and investigate.
Mexican Lady. 142 Sixth et.
LEDERER makes a specialty of men's and t
(Women's wigs; opera hairdres3lng up-to-date.
2Zc only; the very latest. 123 Stockton st. j
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 792: !
made to order; renovated; honest work guar- }
anteed: feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-!
stered furniture cleaning a specialty; fine up- I
holstery. HOPKE BROS.. 318 and S20 11th st. 1
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester i
Hotel, 1 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms; !
25c to $1 SO per night; $1 SO to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. I
SUITS to order on installments: SIS upward: $1 !
a week. LEON LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. Be- j
twey Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING I
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway. i
LEDERER' S Qulntonica, used as a hair tonic j
by the best people; 33c a bottle. I
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT I
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st. !
A— *3 50 DERBY and Fedora, hats, fl 73. Popu- !
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine, j
Lederer's Foamo Shampoo should be on every j
' dressing case; cleanses thorouRhly; 5c pkg. 1
FIRST-CLASS upholstering done at your house |
by day or Job. S. JENSEN. 311 Bush st. ;
AN experienced detective wishes work; mining
easea specialty: refs. Detective. & F. P. O.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs; |
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and
moles; trial free. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter. I
ASK fcr unequaled D. F. Black Suede Gloves;
$1 25 a pair; guaranteed. 121 Grant ave.
SCIENTIFIC massage treatment by trained
male nurse from the East. 334 O'Farrell st.
DR LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
Ing Co., 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones I
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
ALFREDUliS Egyptian Henna; restores *ray
hair to its natural color; tl; at all druggists.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 315
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
MME. NEERGAARD. 700 Post: tel. Hyde 2932;
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless success Cul.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PHYSICIAXS AM> SUUGEO.NS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence,
1021*4 Market St. between Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WASTED.
"WANTED — S or 10 acres partly Improved good
land In a place where I can get work in
timbers, cutting logs, wood chopping or any
• other work In timbers'. Address F. R. "WIL-
LIAMS. 631' Greenwich st., S. F. - ". .
WANTED — Flats or any good income property
under $10.CC0 for spot cash. SPECK St CO..
667 Market st.
REAL ESTATE — CITY FOR SALES.
IF you have property north of the Park and J
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. j, !
GUNN. 530 California st.
OWNERS of property In the Potrero that wish
to sell, call on W. J. GUNN. 520 California
street. S. F. Savings Union building. j
FOR sale or rent— House of 8 rooms; also two
lots In Mission: bargain If sold immediately.
Particular^ 1524 Stockton st. ~ ¦ '
MODERN houses built; lowest prices: plans and
¦ estimates furnlyhe.;. • Campbell. 1147 Mtaslon.
RE.^JESTATE — COCXTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE— 6 acres gocKT7a7idT^H~^3~inUe«
southwest of Mountain View. Santa Clara
County, for $325 cash. Address owner. M. M ,
Winchester Hotel. 6S Third st.. room 183.
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
NEW cottage. 6 rms.. bath; lot 60x100; Mission; '
' rental terms: and vacant lots. 413 Kearny st.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
CHEAPEST and best in Amerlca~The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1
postage paid. -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$35W>. "$3500. SoJ
NEW MODERN HOUSE.
Lot 30x134 feet.
TELEGRAPH AVE.
For permission to inspect premises apply
A. J. SNYDER * CO..
: 467 Ninth st., Oakland.
$2400— A NEW modern house of 5 rooms; hair
cash: balance can stand at 8 per cent' a
bargain. Inquire 424 E. 17th st.. Oakland. '
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get list from GEO W. AUS-
TIN A CO.. 10OS Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURMTUUE KOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS, 621— 2 newly furnished^ sunny^rooms
housekeeping. $13 80; one room $10.'
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622— Sunny suite; clean.
comfortable; gas stove; running wat>r.
MARKET, nr. Mason— Large room anj klt-
ch*n. folding bed, gas. $10. Call 342 K?arny st.
OAK. 11»— 2 sunny parlors, furn'ihed for heavy
housekeeping. $14; 1 single room. $S.
O'FARRELL. 742—1 nicely furnished rear
rooms, complete for housekeeping; gas, bath,
phone; $14. x
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. uml Cnfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms g<
to $1 per night; $1 25. to JC per week, and l!ghr
housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No! 13«»>— FulJ
nished rms.. suites, single; a!ao unfurnlsh-/;^
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— EleRar.r;>
furnished sunny rooms: prtcea reasonable.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish^J
ran; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 556— Corner ho'use: front rooms: ot:.-r
rooms; piano, phone; privilege light hsk>, ;
GRANI> SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission st*. — Sunny rooms, en suite ..r
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevat r,
HYDE. 408— Sunny front basement suite. $13-
also rear suite; yard; laundry; $12.
LARKJTN. SO4— Sunny front room, furnished. IV
single room, $4 50.
LARKIN, 819H— Sunny furnished room, sultj-
ble for gentleman; gas, bath: reas.: private.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite or 2 or i
rnis. ; private; bath; sin. rms; board optional.
MARKET. 1053. above ?hoe shop— Clean sunnv
rooms, double and single; come ami see th^m.
j McCLELLAND. 2C0 Turk st.— Changert~haml-
| newly renovated: all rooms facing etth.v
I Tvrk or Jones St.; r»nt reasonable.
! MISSION. 1221. one blr>ck from new p7~O^
I Nicely furnished sunny front room. $".
NKW ARLINGTON. lTi Market *t.-X:o.V
• furnished rooms. S- a wof-k up; X,c a 'lay ¦.;:
! O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms an!
[ r.ffices: elevator: electric lights; day. wit, m<-.
I POST. 112",*— Sunny newly furnished; hot an!
I cold water; bath; one or tn-n tenUemen.
! POST. 631— To rent, small furnished front room
j neither drink nor srr.oke In ::ie house; Prn^
• crtant Chr'.stian pref erreii : $." po r month.
! ROYAL Home. 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room an ! ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 [#; week. $2 t->
$S; month. $S to *30; elevator on crountl floor-
rooms with hot and cold water; bath*.
ROSEDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis st.— Rooms
night 25c to fl. week $1 25 to $4: '•pen night.-,
SHERMAN Apartment House. 21 Eighth st..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH, 119A — Sunny rooms, double ar.d single;
gaa, fireplaces, running water.
SIXTH. 136— Furnished suite of rooms, suitable
j for business; privilege of light housekeeping.
TURK, 128 — Front, sunny furnished room, suit-
able fcr one or two gentlemen.
A BRAN'CH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103S
Valencia st.
ROOMS AVI) BOARD.
SELECT family hotel: new Interior; three- spe-
cial dinners weekly; rates to establish. •> 7
California »t.
SUNNY front parlor with board for two, $35 p<?r
month. 940 Howard st.
BOARD and rooms at 415 First St.. near Hir-
rleon.
ROOMS WAXTED.
SINGLE gentleman desires comfortable ronm
in private family; state particulars. Box '. :\
' Call offlce.
SPECIAL -NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections male;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
47?> Montgomery St.. ronma 3-10: tel. 5580.
f_WI5G MACHINES A.\D SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-,
pairing lowest rates: open even. 205 Fourt . 1
, BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles ami "
I shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint ¦">.
| ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
texi. Charles Plambeck. 13r. Minion, nr. 15th
j SLOT MACUINfcS.
BOUGHT and sold; new and second-hand; large
display; very cheap. 1167 Mark?t.bet. 7th & <tn
'¦ STORAGE A.ND WAltEIIOUSKS.
I BEK1NS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st. ;
• tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
| WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
! vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 76-.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movinsr Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St. ; phone Jackson 281.
t _———_———————-————. i
TVPEUKITEKS A.\D SLI'PLIK.h.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— \Y*
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. $3. The Typow:-;;e'.
Exchange, m California; telephone Main :%n.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters: any mafc«."
Write for prices to L. St. M. ALEXANDEK.
110 Montgomery st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 1U (fl:ty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the offlce of the
company, 327 Market St.. on and after Satur-
day, December I. 1300. 'Transfer booki will
close on Saturday. November 24. 13C0, at 12 m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary
PROPOSALS.
_____
BIDS WANTED— Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board,
of Director* of the Veterans" Home of Cali-
fornia, at its offlce. room 13. 320 Sansome st. -^
San Francisco, Cal.. up to 10:30 o'clock a m
SATURDAY, December 8. 1900, and opened
Immediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County. Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountvllle). for six months commencing
Janury 1, 1901. and ending June 30. IDOL Sched-
ules with Information and Instructions far
submitting bids will be furnished upon appli-
cation by the undersigned. Bidders will care
fully follow th» conditions of. the schedules
and no bid will be considered unless It U in
accordance with such schedules. Each bidtl—
must accompany his bid with a certified check
upon some well-known and responsible bark
in* house for at least 10 per cent of th»
amount of his bid. payable to C. Mason
Klnne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidde-
wlll enter Into a good and valid contract uocn
notice of acceptance as required by law Tha
board reserves the right to reject any 'or a'!
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified. r
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13. 320 Sansome st.. San Fran-
cisco. Cal. By order of the Eoard of Dlrec-
to— ¦ J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department
Washington. D. C. until 12 o'clock noon De-
cember 11. 13TA and publicly opened imme-
diately thereafter, to furnish at the N'avy-
yard. Mare Island. Cal.. a quantity of screws,
brooms, brushes, wire-, belting, leather, lum-
ber, tools, drflls. sheet cocper sheet steel
rivet, steel, sheet tin. bar Iron, packing, alco-
hol, lard oil. varnishes, paints, pitch, pipe
fittings^ valves, copper pipe, brass ptp«. hard-
ware, stationery, sand paper, flies. so«n.
sponge, waste, motors, planing machine,
traveling crane, steel plates, steel shapes,
copper wire, hangers, bnlts. nuts and steel
tubing. Blank proposals will be furnished
upon application to the Rureau or to the
Navy Pay Offlce. San Fmnclsco. Cal. A. S.
KENNY. Paymaster General U. S^N. 11-2-Qi).
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notlcea sent b4 j
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
tn at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence cf per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
COLMAN— In this city. November 29. 1500. to
the wife of A. F. Colman, a daughter.
MAGGIO— In this city. November _ 1300. to
the wife of Emanul Maggio. a daughter.
MARBIED.
KNAPP— SCHOENEMANN— In this -ity. No-
vember 23, 1900, by the Rev. John Stephens,
Horace G. Knapp and Louise G.' Schocnev
mann, both of San Francisco.
LEONHARDT— OLSEN-In this city. Novem-
ber 2S/19GO. by the Rev. John Stephens, Dillo*
LeonhaMt and Nellie C. Olsen. bcth cf San
Francisco.
LOWRY— MATTERN-In this city. November
2S. 1900. by the Rev. F. Bonn. Merle Adelb?rt
Lowry of Oakland to Amelia Louise Cath-
erine Mattern of San Francisco.
MUNROE— FARMER— In this city. November
25, 1900. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. ' Wilson.
Leslie D. Munroe of Napa and Mtnnte E.
1 Farmer of Los Angeles. -v ;
______
Alme. John F. Meyn. Martin
Astorg. Mary ; Morgan. Oextrse G. *
5 Burns, Oisra A. Nurent. Jame*
Bates. Bernice P. Risk. William H.
De Lon*. Charles E. Shaw. Mabel T.
. Dmcker, August Stone. Marian H.
Foster. Henry A. Sablatschan (Sablat).
Flah&van. Edxar J. John A. ¦ ¦ • • ¦
Gremmler. Jakob Tlma. Frank R.
Hunt. Mary J. Tyson, Carl N.
Johnson. Margaret Tubb. -Itev. Wm. H.
Klrke. Owen C, Vaml. Rev. Aloystua
Lederle. Henry E. Wolf Miriam
McDonald. Mr». Mary Wells. Addle K.
Murphy. Daniel Jr. Wilts. David A.
ALME— In thl3 city. November 23. 190O. at hi.-
late residence. 9 Fountain street. John F k
beloved husband of Mary Alme. son-in-law or/
Henry Petzold, and brother-in-law of K.ld A
Pctzold. a native of Chrtstlania. Norwa^
aged *tl years 4 months and 12 days.
ASTORG— In this city. November 15 1«»
'Mary Astorg beloved sister of Ell_brth
Flynn and the lats Patrick Flynn, a native
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 81xth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc.;
no removal, no commission; strictly confi-
dential. Rm. 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California,
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country: 6% undi-
vided ints; estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 366 Parrott build-
Ing; men can secure loans on personal note.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co., 321 Parrott bid.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building
low rate. Home Bldg Co.. 222 Sansome, rm. 1 2,
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room 16, first floor,
Chronicle building. HALLO RAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st. ; teL Main 1644. Branch, 19 Third at.
A— $500,000 on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE, 11 Montgomery st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pco-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms' before doing business else-
where. H. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortages
Interest in Estates
Undivided Interest In Real Estate
Financial problems of - all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
tbelr friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
MOMS Y. TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 6S-6D Donoho« bldg.. 1170 Market.
WANTED-Uprlght piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &.
sold. Silverman. 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folaom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for .clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. ; tel. Jessie 141.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and majdc lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
10-TOX Fairbanks scale and flre and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
30O-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete: chean. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
W IUIi rent full-dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN' SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines.- boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
FINE L. C. Smith hammerless gun. 10 gauge,
cheap. H. J. CAMPBELL. Sausallto. Cal.
SECOND hand gasoline engines; all sizes,
NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
pAS engine, one horsepower; can be seen
running at shirt store, 535 Valencia st.
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
nlr compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
BILLIARD tables, balls, cues and racks, com-
plete; dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON,
16 O'Farrell st.
5-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine,
$150; can be seen running at 623 Golden
Gate ave. . -
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear St.
BOILERS, Engines, 2d-hand machinery. MAC-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 193-197 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS KOlt SALE
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linjleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete ou tilts on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017. 1019, 1021, 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
15 Der month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, -JOJ California
St.; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 Sacramento st., near. Kearny.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. -1019 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor &MofCatt.
DRESSMAKING ; reasonable i rices; dresses
made over; perfect fit. SS7 Geary st. "
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGUER-MARSH Colfege. Parrott Bldg.'—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter; teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course, J50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.: day
and night sessions; new SO- page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ATRES' Business Colleee. 723 Market St.; day
and evening; individual instruction, $8 per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue fre«.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping a
¦ short time with expert Tarr, Parrot bldg.,
he would not: be wise.
MIPS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall: acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taklns full course thl/
year got portions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 123C Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: da", eve.; est. 1864.
VAN DKK NAILLEN SCHOOL.. 933 Market.'
PIANO; history of music; German; Freiichi»$5
per month. Y. M. C. A. bldg., fifth floor.
ML'NSOX, School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 1ST' llont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— NlRht class. 434 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, wiitlnsr.
etc.. day or eve.: V> mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
I CHEAPEST and best in Amerlca-The Weekly
I Call, lfi naces, sent to any address in the
j United States, poytnnld. for il per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years; ail kinds help.
421 Post st.. near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co.; est.
1870; practical recommend: try them; removed
to 419 Devlsadero: tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD.
JAPANESE nnd Chinese employment offlce;
best help. S26 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fic^; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn. ; domestlo serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 37S.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 6072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
| Best help. *UV, O'Farrell st.: tel. East 428.
BlIPLOySXKA'T WA.VTKD KEMAIK.
j GERMAN girl, first-class cook, wants place:
plrase state wages. Address L. R., box 533,
! Call office.
I SITUATION wanted to do housework; good
: r-!ain American cooking. 27 Birch ave., bet.
¦ Larkln and Polk sts.. near City Hall.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
housework: wages moderate; no objection to
country. Box 535. Call offlce.
A RESPECTABLE girl for general housework
or second work. Please call at 1018 Howard.
FIRST-CLASS French or German c»iok wants
situation; references; $25 to $30. 1U22 Larkin.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as work-
ing housekeeper; light work; small wages;
good home. MRS. M. L1STON, Station M,
Richmond District.
YOUNG Scandinavian girl wishes a position
to assist in light housework. 220 Sixth ave.,
bet. California and Clement, Richmond Dlst.
CHAMBERMAID for small hotel or lodging
house; country preferred. Address box 527,
Call offlce.
2 SPANISH Kirls would like to get work out
In the country. Call or address 718 Green-
• wich Ft., city.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night. Jl 50 to in
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Filimore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Pt. • . -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
BARBER., 25 years old and 12 years' of expe-
rience In Europe and America, would like
ptc-ady work In city or country; prefer union
shop. A. BIONDI, 629 Vallejo St., 8. F.
COOK with long experience and best references
wants situation in lunch-house or restaurant
where is no Sunday work. Address B71B
Minna St.
ALL-AROUND cook and help; can take chef*
place or full charge of kitchen: English.
French or German cook; first-class pastry;
first-class hotel reference. 242 Natoma st.
BARBER from Boston, young, wants steady
Job. Box 531, Call offlce.
BY an Englishman, a position as Janitor or
housecleaner: 15 years' experience. 107 Berry
tt.. near Third.
A YOUNG stationary engineer wishes employ-
ment; strictly temperate. J. W., 140 Seventh.
WANTED — Young man understanding mercan-
tile reporting and soliciting ¦wishes employ-
ment; has had 10 years' experience; can give
best of reference as to ability and character.
Box 481. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class dairyman
on a private place as milker and to make
butter; can furnish references. Address box
615. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS grocery salesman and book-
keeper, with lonjr business experience, desires
situation; best Eastern and city references.
Box 510, Call office.
MILKERS, , separators and first-class cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California. 624 Mont-
gomery st.
W'ANTED— Position by good bedmaker to take
full charge of lodging house from 6 a. m..to
6 p. m. Address box 492. Call offlce.
ACCOUNTANT^ experienced, desires to write
up books two or three days each week;
charges moderate. Box C16, Call offlce.
CARPENTER and cabinet-maker; single man;
looks for steady position: Pullman P. Car Co.
ref. Adr. H. G., San Rafael, P. O. box 377.
BAKER, young man, wishes situation as third
or last hand; bread or cakes. 1218 Twenty-
Blxih St., Oakland,
AN experienced mining man desires a position
with mining company managing- or exporting
mines; best city references. Box 506, Call.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receive." at Call branch office. 2200 FIHmore st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT modern 8 room new upper Mat;
marine view. 1430 Taylor st., near Jackson.
FLATaof 4 rooms; $12, $13, $14. 20 and 22 Sum-
ner st.. off Howard, near Eighth.
FLAT of ¦ 4' sunny rooms. 257 Dore St., bet.
Ninth and Tenth, off Harrison; rent $10. fc _.
IF you want' to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NATOMA, 714— Fla\ 4 rooms, yard and cellar;
lent $10; no children.
UPPER sunny flat, 7 rooms and bath; 92« Va-
lencia st. Inquire Morton Special Delivery,
408 Taylor ft.* key at store, 930 Valencia.
$7 — FLAT of 3 rooms and yard on Linden ave.
Apply 624 Fell st:, near Lagyna.
6 SUNNY roomsr cellar; yard. 126U Fern ave.,
off Polk et., between Sutter and Bush.
$0— 3-room flat, sun all day. 1328 Jessie St., nr.
Junction Market and Valencia.
$11 50— UPPER four sunny rooms; lower, $3 50.
125 Ivy ave., near Van Ness.
$7 — 4-ROOM flats on Victor st, off Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $48 60, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE • and ¦ carpets for sale cheap at
2615 Sacramento St.: bargains ' to-day. .
'. FURNITURE WANTED.
NEW and second-hand f urnltura and clothing
bought and sold. 1182 Mission St.. near 8th.
CHAS. LEVY buys your : furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St. ; tel. Jessie 761.
A. YWOLLPERT. 77S Mission St.. para* highest
price for second-hand furniture;: tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1205 Larkln: tel. Polk 691.
furniture &. furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel.- Red 2353.
MKUIC'AL.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' 'practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDOO HERB home cure,
any one can use it with satisfaction; perfect-
ly harmless. Send stamps for .circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, moved to 1018 Mar-
ket, opp. Cth; world-renowned ladles' special-
ist; safe, reliable: practiced In San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
fully; treatment can be used at home; consul-
tation free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
offlce. $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post st., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL. P17 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' physician;
treatment, $5; positive cure guaranteed: when
others fail consult, free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN. 100TH Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' practice in S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist; fcafe and sure cure, $5; best care; low
fees; when all others fail consult free.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladies' specialist; home
for patients. £04 Eddy st.
DR. POPPER'S treatment can be had for the
cure in his office at $3. 323 Kearny st.
LOST — Gold buckle with Masonic emblem at-
tached; reward. 817% Golden Gate ave.
LOST— A passbook with tho Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MARY FREEMAN: No. 204-1526. The
finder will please return to Dank.
LOST AM) FUU.XU.
LOST— A breastpin ; heart shape ; small dia-
mond set In pansy In center; lost Friday
evening. Liberal reward at ferry news
stand. .
INVALID CHAIRS -AND TBICYCLES.
SOLD and rented; nianfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st.Australia /Inaugurates the New Mail Service Be
tween the United States and French
Possessions.
MAIL STEAMERS ZEALANDIA AND
AUSTRALIA ARRIVE FROM SOUTH SEAS
Arizona— Fair Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday:
cloudy at night; light northerly changing to
southerly winds.
§ ALEXANDER O. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Utah— Fair Friday.
Northern California— Fair Friday, except
cloudy In northern portion and probably rain
at night; light southerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Friday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Friday.
The pressure continues high over the country
west of the Rocky Mountains. During the past
24 hours there has been a slight fall In the
pressure along the coast, from Eureka north
ward. There Is a moderate depression over
Vancouver Island and Northern Washlnrton,
which will probably move slowly eastward.
Should there be a southerly extension to this
low, rain will fall along the cost from Cape
Mendocino northward.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary west of the Rocky Mountains, except
over Washington,, where It baa risen about 8
degrees. In the great valleys of California the
temperatures are slightly below the normal.
Rain has fallen over Washington and North
ern Oregon.
. Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours,
ending; midnight. November 30. 1900:
FORECAST.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
58; minimum, 49; mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 29— Stmr Mainz,
from Bremen.
Balled Nov 29— Stmr La Touralne, for Havre.
HAMBURG— Arrived Nov 29— Stmr . Pennsyl
vania, from New York via Plymouth.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 29— Stmr- Mont
fort, from Montreal.
Sailed Nov 28— Stmr Commonwealth, for Bos
ton.
. GENOA— Sailed Nov 25— Stmr Tolmes. for
San Francisco, not as previously reported.
LONDON— Sailed Nov 23— Stmr Manltou. for
New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Nov 23— Stmr Ger
manic.- from Liverpool for New York.
BOSTON— Arrived Nov 23— Stmr Saxonla, fm
Liverpool and Queenstown. ,
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MANILA— Arrived Nov 29— U S stmr Sher
man, hence Nov 1.
SHIMONESKI— Sailed Nov 2»— Br stmr Hy
son, for Tacoma.
HONGKONG— Arrived Nov 28— Stmr City of
Peking, from Yokohama.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived Nov 27— Ship
Star of Bengal, from Melbourne.
CORONEL— Arrived Nov 28— Stmr Hyades,
from New York for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
EUREKA— Sailed Nov 23— Stmrs Eureka and
Samoa and schr Maxim, for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Nov 29— Schr
Newark, for San Francisco. •
ASTORIA— Sailed Nov 23— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Nov 23— Stmr
Alcatraz, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Nov 29— Stmr Homer,
from Eureka: H M S Pheasant.-
SEATTLE— Sailed Nov 28— Schr C S Holmes,
for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 28— Schr
Dora Blum, from Port Hadlock.
SEATTLE?— Sailed Nov 28— Stmr Dlrlgo. for
Skasruay. ...
COOS BAT— Arrived Nov JS— Bktn Monitor,
from San Pedro: schr Melancthon. ho Nov 22.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 2»-Schr
Golden Shore, from Honolulu. : -
BO WENS LANDING— Sailed Nov 29— Schr
Bender Brothers, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Nov 29— Schr Meteor, for
San Pedro.
VENTURA— Sailed Nov 29 at 8 a m— Stmr
Lakme, with ichr John F Miller In tow. for
San Francisco. 4
HONOLULU— Sailed Nov 20— Jap stmr Hong
kong Maru. for Yokohama; ship Helen Brewer,
for Chile. — -
DOMESTIC PORTS.
On board Br ship Helensbunch. Nov 19 —
Thomas White, aged 42 years, a native of Eng
land, and was buried at sea.
DIED AT SEA.
POINT LOBOS— Nov K9, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE; velocity 8 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Schr Roy Somers, Eolland, Grays Harbor.
Fr bark Chas Gounod, Gautler, Queenstown.
Schr Prosper, Johannsen, Tacoma and Syd
ney.
BRITISH SHIP OSBORNE, THAT HAS BEEN I/TING IN THE STREAM FOR MORE THAN TWO WEEKS AWAIT
ING A BERTH. SHE IS SO LONG THAT NO WHARF COULD BE FOUND TO ACCOMMODATE HER, SO SHE
HAS BEEN SENT TO THE SEAWALL TO DISCHARGE.
TO SAIL.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. .
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at' Fort Point; the
height of tld« is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
NOTE— In the above exposition . of . the tides
the early . morning tides. are given ' in the left
hand column and th« successive tides of . the
day in the order of ; occurrence as to time of
day. the third time column the third tide and
the last or right. hand column gives the last
tide, of the day. except .when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to 'the soundings, on the
United States - Coast Survey - charts, : except
when a minus sign (—) precedes the height, and
then the number given la subtracted from. the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence is the mean of the lower low waters.
CHICAGO, Nov. 29.— CATTLE— Receipts. BOoO.
Steem. strong to 10c higher. Butchers' stock,
steady. Natives, best on sale to-day, two car
loads, $5 65; good to prime steers, $5^5 90; poor
to m*dium, $4S'3 25; selected feeders, choice,
nr-n; others elow. $4^4 26; mixed stockers, $2 25
»I 60: cows. $2 00@4 15; heifers, $2 65^4 60;
winners, clow. *2®2 60; bulls. $2 M@4 13; calves,
steady. $3 60@5 60;- Texan fed steers, |4@4 90;
grass steer*. $3 W; bull*. $2 D0#3 15.
HOGS— Stronger; top, $4 95; mixed and butch
ers'. $4 60#4 85; Rood to choice, heavy, $4 65
j «4 »5: rough heavy. $4 6004 60;, light, $4 65®
4 *5; bulk. $4 75Q4 90. -
SHEEP— Receipts, 8000. _i. Sheep. steady;
lambs, etrong to 10c higher; „ good to, choice
wethers. $45>4 25; fair to choice mixed. $3 60®
5 95; Western sheep. $4^4 20; Texas sheep, $2 60
,03 (A; native lambs, $3 &0$?5 25; Western lambs,
60^5 20.
Chicago Livestock Market.
Richard J. Rinsr to Edward G; Ring, undi
vided one-twentiotlr Interest In lot on NW cor
ner of Webster and Greenwich streets. N 120
C.' Newlands to Milton A. Morran, lot
on 13 line of Tretaont avenue, 721 B of Frederick
•tract; s 25 br e so; $ia
German fi»\lnE« and Loan Society to Oi«
Petcrs"»n, !<*t 10, block L Marlon Tract (Hos
riul lot); 510.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Emily Ur»ln, lot on N line of Four
teenth itre^t. 125 E of Kolsom, B 25. N 114.2&5.
TV 25.10. 6 11«.613; $1630.
Fiizatx-th Meenan (McLaughlln) (wlf« -of
Thomas) to Owen J. McLauyhlln, lot on E line
cf Lexington avenue (Stevenson street), 85 S
cf Nineteenth. S 25 by E SO; gift. •
Frank C. and "Mary Stover to S. N. * Tartor.
lot en S line of " Cumberland *tre*C *90 E of
Farchez. E 25 by 6 114; $10.
John Diet* Jr. to Christina &L Dleti, lot on
E lice of Twenty-pecond c^freet, 255 W of Ean
*mz W 25 hv E 114: lir.
Afnes M. Nlckercrra to Joeeph Qtiadt. lot on
B I'.ne of KllzaUth street, 202:8 E of Dourlaes,
3>-il:6 fcy y IU; $10.
AiiU-is. and Philip Hlrleman to Nora and
Kate Flan, lot on E line of Larkln street,' (7:S
Jtf of Pine. N SS by E *7:«; MO.
Besjamia F. aad Deir.r.a A. Garratt to- Henry
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Calvary . Presbyterian Church and congrega
tion (a corporation) with C.- A. Warren (con
tractor), architects McDougall Bros.— Grading,
excavating and cribbing for foundation walls,
riers and retaining walls and for basement and
areas for a two-tenemen frame building, also
for a concrete, brick, stone. Iron and wood
church and chapel building on NW corner of
Flllmore and Jackson streets, W 125, N 125, , E
25. N 50. E 100, S 175; $1550.
Also five other contracts between same owner
and following contractors: M. Keatlnge and J.
Leonard for J10.200: J. H. McKay for $G«,813;
William S. Snook & Bon for $1400; Dtrtd Mc-
Whlrter for $2100. and W. W. Mo*£a*ue & Co.
for $25C0.
• Builders' Contracts.
S C. Blgelow to John Andersen, lot on SE
line of Howe street, 1F2.5 SW of Mather, SW
30 by SE 125. being the SW'27.6 feet of lot
20 and NE 2.6 feet of lot 21. block L, Thermal
Hill formerly the Howe Tract, Oakland: $10.
Lucy A. Porter to Frank Sr. and Mary E.
Rora. lot on FE corner of Third and Henry
streets E 60# thence parallel with Henry street
100. thence parallel with Third street- 60. -N 100.
to teginning. being lots 1 and 2, block K, Bay
View Homestead, Oakland; $10.
Benjamin J. Phillips to Manoel S. and, Treza
Eeverlno. lot 21, block E, Bay View Home
stead. Oakland; $10.
John Chamberlain to Corlnne A. Wood, un
divided 12-84 Interest in lots 7 and 8, block 603.
Barge Tract, Oakland: tl.
Charles Barlow to Annie E. Gage, lot on SE
corner of Tenth and Madison streets. E 100 by
6 100 lots 5 to 8, block 123. Kellersberg-er's
Map. Oakland; $10.
Charles S. Chamberlain et al. (by E. A. Heron,
commissioner) to Hibernla Savings and Loan
Society, lot 6 and S 10 feet lot 5, block L Cog
eeshal Tract," Oakland township; $C432.
HIbernia Savings and Loan Society to John
Firn. same. Oakland Township; $5432.
Rebecca Wurts (wife of M. L.) to C. A.
Gamble, lot 27 and N half lot 28 on Map of
Subdivided Lots 12. 13 and 14 and portion lot 11,
Corrected Map Snyder Homestead Tract, Berke
keley, warranty deed; $10.
John C. and Charity L. Rogers ¦ to C. G.
Mrllink. lot on N line of Woolsey street, 200 W
of Phattuck avenue, W 50 by N 1D0, lot 16, block
II Newbury Tract. Brooklyn; $10.
V. R. Parker to D; W and S. E. Barr, lot on
W line ot Second street. 150 N of Jones avenue,
N 160 by W 100, block J, Jones Tract, subject
to a mortgage for $3-V), Brooklyn Township;
$1<*.
J. G. and Jennie L. James to J. G. James
Company <& corporation) of San Francisco, un
divided half Interest in lots 21 and 22. block D,
Champion Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Da\id W. and Sarah E. Barr to J. D. Spen
cer, lot 4, block C. Buenaaventura Tract, Map
2 Brooklyn Township; $10.
'Joseph W. Hardman et al. (by E. A. Heron,
commissioner) to HIbernia Savings and Loan
Society lot on SE corner of Chestnut street
and Pacific avenue, E 100 by S 150:2, Alameda;
also lot on S line nf Pacific avenue. 150 E of
Chestnut rtreet. E 50 by S 150:2, all being por
tion block L, lands adjoining Enclnal, Ala
meda: $35S8.
R. R. BelllnBall to Lita J. Bellingall. lot on
E comer of Chestnut street with the Encinal
line. B E2.B2, E 132. N 42, NW 132.45. to begin
nins. Oakland; gift.
Mary V. Thomas (widow) to Cutler H. Bone-
Ftell. lots 41. 42 and 43, Map of Electric Heights
Tract, Brooklyn Township; grant.
Joseph J. and Amalie Richards to Adolph
Zen-Ruffln. lot on W line of Willow street. 120
N nf Eagle avenue. N 80 by W 138:4, block 13.
lands adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda: $10.
Same to Erik Johansen. lots 18 and 19, block
137. on corrected map of Avery Tract. Berkeley;
J5.
Alfred and Marlon K. Rogers to Lyman Al
len, lot on N line of Delaware street, 166 W of
Mllvla street. W E0 by N 125. lot 25, block B,
Janes Tract. Berkeley, subject to mortgage
for $1000; $10.
Hugh and Anna S. Ho*ran to Martha K. Rol
lins, lot 35 on map of Hogan's Resubdivislon,
Kingsland Tract. Brooklyn Townehip; $250.
Euffenie McLaren to. Martha K. Rollins, lot
86 on map of Hojran's Resubdivision of lots
22. 23 and 24, Klngsland Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship: $10. •
Isaac L. and Sarah L. Requa to Henry
Ahrefeld, lot on N line of Fifty-fourth street,
formerly Central avenue. 437:6 E of Park
Btreet. E 87:6 by N 100. block B. Parson's
Golden Gate Tract. Oakland; 110.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Mattlas
and Ulrlka Dahl. lots 1 and X block 17«, Gray
eon Tract. Berkeley; $5.
K. and Victoria Marttnonl. Leonce C. and
Caroline Bertin and Constantino and Aurelia
Leport to Antonio Tamaprno, lot on NW corner
of Gutter and Vicente streets, W 150 by N 72.60,
lot £5 and S half cf lot 54, block C, Vicente
Peralta Reservation Tract at Temescal. Oak
land: $400.
John H. and Mary Van Glahn to Adella J.
Miller (wife of John H.), lot on £E line of
Thirteenth avenue, 145 NE of EaBt Seventeenth
etreet, NE 30 by SE 100, block 9L Clinton. East
Oakland, subject to deed of trust for $650; $10.
William C. and Mattie C. Bissell to E. J.
Elliott, lot on N line of Essex street. 112.2 E
cf Fhattuck avenue. E 32.5 by N 105. belnp the
W 32.5 feet of lot 20, block D, Newbury Tract,
Berkeley: $10. ' , „ jf-^
J. D Moreland to Dana L. and Sarah C.
White, lit on E line of Wheeler avenue. 1G2.10
N of W»*hinpton street. N 87.5 br E 130, lot
t» and N 12.5 feet of lot 28 In subdivision A of
Fruitvale Terminal Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship: $i0.
Frank N. and Hannah Dodd to Amos D.
Allen, lot on S line of Alameda avenue-, 14S W
of Lafayette street, S 150 by W 147. lots 2, S
and 4. block 5. Amended Mao Bartlett Tract,
Alameda: $10.
Katherlne V. Kltnkner (executrix of the
estate cf Charles A. Kllnker) to Kate M. Car
een, lot 11, block 10. Herzog Tract. Oakland;
J1S5.
Same to Mrs. Meta Gordon, lots 9. 10 and 12,
block 10, Herzoir Tract, Oakland; $585.
Albert Dollmann to John Coyne, lot on EW
comer Atlantic and Campbell streets, W 74:3
by S 32, lot 19 and N 7 feet of lot 20, block 4C5,
revised map of Gibbons property at Oakland
Point. Oakland: $10.
Alameda County.
John H. and Anna B. Schutt to Joseph
Black lot on SW line of First street, 38 NW
of Natoma, NW J7. SW 96, BE 75, NE 46. NW
SS. NE £0; $25,000.
John L. Melyer. administrator of the estate
of Bridget Melyer (Melyers), Emma E. Melyer
and J. C. Gamage /by Henry P. Umbsen, com-
HilFEioner) to Peter Hansen, lot on W line of
Iowa street, 175 S of Twenty-fifth (Tolo). S 125
by W 100; $3165.
Louis Koch to Amanda Koch, lot on E line
cf Fcrty-eighth avenue, 100 S of J Btrett. S
2.1 by E*12O; gift.
Jaccb and Llna Heyman to Edwin. W. Rlch
enis.Mi, lot on W line of Thirty-ninth avenue,
175 S of W street. S 26:9, NW 210, N 13:4. B
240; $10.
Jlagfjle G. Power to M. J. R. Mohr. lots 204,
200, 2(6. 210 and 212, gift map 2; $10.
Jones. Allen & Co. (corporation), to Mary
Walsh, lot on E line of Vienna street. 25 N of
Irdia avenue, N 25 by E 100, block 68, Silver
Heights ; J3'"rf>.
Mary J Hirst to Timothy Furlontr. lot on SW
line of Cotter street, £25 NW of Mission, NW
2." by SW 1C0, block 5, Academy Tract: $10.
I. N. and Florence S. Rosekrans to Robert C.
Lru. lot on line of Farallones street. 700 E
of Plymouth. E 25 by S US, block K. Railroad
Hcmes-tead Association; $10.
Mary E.. Margaret E. and William F. Feehan
cr;d Trcssa (or Theresa) Brooks to Joseph
Flack, lot en W corner of First and Natoma
Fleets, NW SS by SW 60; $10.
John J. Feehan to same, same, $10.
Grace D. Selfrled to Voorman "Company (cor
poration), lot on E line of Front street, 24 S
of Washington. 6 115:11*4 by E 120; $10.
C. and Susan E. Grosjean to Martin O. Slv
ert!>en. lot on E line of Treat avenue, 825 S of
Twenty-fourth street, S 25 by E 112:6; $10.
California Powder Works to Fulton Engineer
ing and Ship Building: Works, lot on N line of
Tcnquin street, 137:6 W of Broderick, W i37:6
by N 275; $10.
Occidental Loan Association to Henry and
Doretta Eggerling, lot on E line of Hamp
shire street, 170 S of Twenty-third. 8 25 by
E 100; JIOCO.
Julius Trescony (trustee estate of Clarissa E.
Masounette) to Robert J. Sands, lot on E line
of- Bak»r street, 51:2Vi N of Sacramento, N
25:6 by E 102:6: $2700.
Orvllle D. and Millie E. Baldwin to Oscar
L. and Minnie Fest, lot on E line of Scott
Blreef. 76 S of Sacramento. 8 Z4 by E 81:3; J10.
James H. Hall (by H. S. Martin, late Sheriff)
to San Francisco Breweries (Limited), let on
NW line of Caralno Real (or Old San Jose
road), 41:3>4 NE of Sadowa, NE »0. N 27. W 61.
S S3:9. block H. Railroad Homestead Associa
tion; also lot on S line of Sadowa street. 125
E of Carltol, E 50 by S 125. block D, same;
1530.
J. J. Rauer to John and Bridget Drlscoll.
lot on W line of Seventh avenue, 260 6 of A
street. W 120 by S 100;" $160.
Catherine Plaes to Catherine M. Tourtelotte,
lots 6 and 7, block 26. Lakevlew; gift.
Emma Clarke (wife of Carleton J.) and Ellen
V. Bennett (wife of John) (Clarke) to Emma
P. Clarke, lots 85. SS and 89. Precita Valley
lands; tlft.
Timothy Furlong: to Mary J. Hirst; lot 881.
Gift Map 2; $11
D. Morton, undivided one-eighth Interest In lot
on NW corner of Fremont and Natoma streets,
N 76 by W 137:6; J20.000.
Josephine G. (or Josephine Gerema) (Meyer)
to John Pf orr, rerecord 1E84 d 87, lot on N W
line of Brannan street, 225 SW of Third, SW
25 by NW 75; $10.
Norline F. and Belnore F. Brlsae to same,
same. Quitclaim deed; SI.
John Pforr to Daniel and Brldeet Hlckey,
same; $10.
Hanorah Dempsey to Michael and Margraret
Houlihan, lot on E line of Florida street, 50
S of Nineteenth (Butte). S 25 by E 100: $10. r
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Philip
Bourgon, lot on E line of Wisconsin street,
350 N of Twenty-fifth (Tolo), N 25 by E 100;
$10.
Branch .Hydrographlc Office, N. 8. N., Mer
. chants' Exchange, San Francisco, • Cal.,
•V November 29, • 1900. -.. . .: - r .
' ' The time ball oa the tower of the new Ferry '
Time Ball.
NEW YORK, , Nov. 29.— Twenty-fcnjr
cases of smallpox were. discovered to-day
In - a' block v* on "West Sixty-ninth . street,
near West' End; avenue. * The. sufferers
¦were taken to ¦¦ Willard '.Parker Hospital.
The disease Is supposed to • have 'started
In -this "city from a negro actor who be
longs to a Southern theatrical troupe.
Smallpox in New York.
PALACE HOTEL.
R H(v»gland. Chicago
A Cunningham, N X
T C Barnes, Chlcaco
Slgr Baum. N Y
W O Ryan, N Y
Mr and Mrs Marshall,
Japan.
E D Fowle, Wash. DC
L A Parkinson. Wash
F R McNamee, Nev
R Hutchlnson, Berkley
J Thompson. Pleasantn
F R King & wf, Cal
F D Matthews, Ore
P D',nsmore, San Joss
J H Reed. Sacto
F J Nuna, Berkeley
H C Yandle. 8acto
DWS Taylor. Llvermre
Wm Gray. Michigan
AM Stevenson Jr.Denv
Dr A H Mays & wf.Cal
E B Robinson. Sacto
M E Daily, San Jose
W J Pommea Jr. Sacto
W B Schow, Berkeley
H MLa Rue Jr. Sacto
F M Schow, S Diego
Chas Roy, Gait
W J Elders. Sacto
L Gumwald. Cal
L E Thuns. New York
C E Gllraan, Stanford
C H Crawford, Stanfd
8 Gardner, Napa .
L E Johnston. Napa
J C Ewlng, Cal
C Crowell, Oakland
F B Noble, Sacto
L H Llttlefleld, R I
J G Roberts, Madera
C W Brownlle. Stanfrd
E M Rider. Stanford
L Nickel, Stanford
C S Shanklln, Chicago
A 8 Whipple, Australia
T J Hoover&wf.Stanfd
J P Mitchell. Stanford
Miss M Taylor. Stanfrd
Miss J Turcott, Stanfrd
Miss Harden, Nevada
Miss M Livingston, Nev
J O Chappin, Stanford
R W Thompson. Stanf
Miss McDougald, Stanf
D P Campbell, Stanford
E Turner, Stanford
P A Martin. Stanford
S S Glass. Berkeley
J E McDowell, Stanfrd
W F Qulnton. Sacto
W E Diersen. Sacto
C C Sealey. Stanford
E M Chadbourne.Stanf
H H btedson. Stanford
E H Nutler. Stanford
J A Bentley. Stanford
T B McNear, Chicago
J King & wf. Fresno
J C Brannan&wf, Stanf
Miss Brannan, Stanfrd
Geo Brannan, Stanford
Mrs J F Newson. Stfd
W W Burnett, Stanfd
F H Yost. Stanford
Emllle Stevenson. Sfd
Beatrice Bromfleld. Sd
Jessie Haskell. Stnfrd
Em Hirschfelder. Strd
A P. D«nton. Stanford
H F Anthony, Stanfrd
R Fisher. Stanford
Mrs L M Hoeges, Stfd
Miss J Dunphy, Stfd
Miss V Purcy, Stfd
P O Lelb. Stanford
5 Pacheco, Ignaclo ]
G A Cordon&w. Wash
W A Velth. Fresno
M E Dalley, San Jose
H S Minor, Berkeley
H H Minor, do
Mrs W K Deltrich, do
Mrs B S Wood, S Rosa
Mrs M II Matthews do
Miss Matthews, do
Miss Wood. do.
D Crutcher, Stanford
E < B Favre, - do
W H Crutcher. do
H L Morrison, Stanfrd
G W Johns. do
E T Thayer, do
W G Morrison, do
S N Clark. do
Mrs F W Honkey, Wsh
Dr L A Bauer, -.D C
P H Btarr, Ohio
M Hockheimer, Willow
E Morgan Towle, D C
L A Parkinson, do
H H Granlce&w Cal
W F Rowell, Fresno
H H Atkinson, Stanfrd
E J Elliott, do
C E Kaiser, do
R L Watley, . do
W- I'assmore, do
I P Swain, ¦ do
C L Hayward, Rdwood
Kate Boyd, Stanford
Bessie Boyd, do
G E Bameby, do
Laura Hall, do
C 8 Crary, do
C J Crary, do.
Mra A E Peck. Plo Alo
Mrs Blether, ~ Palo Alto
Miss M Blether. do
F T Gum, Stanford
W F Phuts, do
Rev Thompson, do
NEW WEST
H C Miller, Cal .
John Roes. Sacto
Claude Cooper, Portlnd
Z E Buckner, 8 Roea
Chas M Smith, Ohio
M M Teator&wf, Wash
Louis B Sn elder. Mich
Jas Dennis Mill Valley
F W Dlehl. Oakland
E La Montague. Vacavl
H W.Vaughan. Cal
G Davis. Alameda
Jno | Cordano, I Portland
Peter Catley. . Illinois
H Benton, Jamestown
F C Drost. Cal
L" Wattenberg, Los An
C P ghockley, Los Ang
P Davis. d 0
O Van Norden, Sacto
W F George&w. do
A Halnes, w and son
J H Bud, Sacramento
J Walker, Cal
F Dunn&w, Berkeley ,
Miss Henry, Stanford
F A Alderman. B Cru»
T Lundman, <i o
C L Mason, Sac rat o
H Hurd, d 0
J C Hillyea. Chicago
CL Merriam, Stanford
C B Merriam, do
Q W Hill. So
XA Schaefer. do
A C Leaveage, do
H W Anthony. do
K F Kennedy. do
A Patterson, do
Mrs Stephenson. P Ato
Ml?s R Stephenson, do
F H Moon&w, S Jose
A G Thrlr. Stanford
Mrs E B Perrin. Stktn
E B McCord & wife
C R Blodgett, Stanfrd
PL Blodgett, Bkrsfld
Miss D H Steinwetz
G W Dunbrow, Stktn
A C Bassett.w&d Cal
H F Bassett. Menlo Pk
E H Hudson&w, Cal
E B McCord&w, "t-'al
Dr G A Dungnld. Cal
H Slater, S Rosa
J A Squlre&fam, Cal
H Warren. Cal
G D Murray, Eureka
F A Hines. Los A
W J.Glddlngs. Conn
N D Mlllmer&w, Cal
C MoorebousAw. S Js«
C Row, Kansas City .
A J Bledsoe. Ukiaa
ERN HOTEL.
G A Schultz & wf, Cal
6 8 Prlnr. Martinea ¦
Robt Shlels. Oakland
E Fields. Santa Crui
R L Perkins&wf, Mont
i PC Klepeprlnger. Nebr
AL Spotts&wf. B C
R Stevens, Vancouver
Thos Spain. Vancouver
D L Wooden & wf Cal
Henry Platt.-Napa
Albert Allen. Oakdale
Mrs E L Evan," Oakdle
T James & wf, Cal
AC Ryan. N Y
W P Murphy, Tucson
E Pollock&wf, Canada
T McCarty. Sulsun
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
F F Lelb, Stanford
F C Beardslae. Stnfrd
W F Dunn. Stanford
DrBN Ward. USN
Miss A Josha, Antloch
J A Sandon. Antloch
E L Melhouse & wf.
Stockton
E H Cox. Madera
E F Jordan, S Clara
J R Thrimble, S Jose
E B Gray. Stanford
Lyda Wilson. N Y
E B Colby. N T
P M Downing. & wf,
Stanford
L Gundelflnger & wf,
Freeno
L McMahon, Chicago
F S Herron.- Los Anr
W Shemwell. Los Ang
Bessie Shemwell, L A
Lillle Shemwell. L A
T R Lombard. L An*
J A Gray, Los Angeles
G A Warren. Portland
Miss Warren. Portlnd
J W Rader. Ohio
G W Durbrow. Seatl
Z W Zerner. N T
Dr D A Conrad & wf,
Pasadena
J G De Forest. Stanfd
H C Mitchell. Wash
W H Murphy. Stanfd
J H- Luck. .Stanford
F D Slaker. Stanford
L Goldschmidt, Aril
S Ullman. N Y
R F Harrison. S Juan
Miss Brownlee, Vallejo
Miss Perkins, Vallejo
H E Van Culne. N Y
B I Wheeler & w. Bky
F C Bear & w, Mr Isl
Miss M Bear. Mr leli
Miss F F Bear, Mr Is
Mias McDonald. M Isl
J E McDonald. M Isl
Miss Ellis. Mare Isld
J Loeb. San Jose-
H Salmore. N Y
H Eagle. N Y
W I McKee. Chicago
W Ho«r« & w, Seattle
E Adklns. Chicago
J P Foley A w, Tacma
E W Reeve*. . Stanford
Miss S E Reeves. Stfd
Miss Reeves. Stanford
A Havana sh. USN
Miss M Brunton. Stfd
G D Emerson, Stanfrd
J N Stanford, 8tanfrd
R A Thompson. Btfd
R McFadden. Stanfrd
J S McFadden. 8tanM
E A Smith. Stanford
H S Lee. Stanford
Mrs A Fallon. Oakld
Mrs E Smith, Oakland
M J Newline, Stanfd
W W Swan, Stanford
J E Shaw, Butte
R A Patterson. Chcgo
P A Dlnsraore. S Jose
Mias JMnsmore, S Jose
Miss Smith, Mills Col
W A Armstront.R Blf
Mrs Armatrone, R Blf
P C Dreseher. Sacto
Miss Drescher. Sacto
F V Ferguson. B C
C B Wilson & w. Sao
H Thorp, Sacto
W McLeod. Stanford
D Mars. Stanford
E B Collins & w. Sac
GRAND HOTEL.
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
,, • C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
BAILED.
Thursday, • November 19.
Btmr Mandalay, Reed, Coqu tile River.
8tmr 8outh Coast, Olsen.
Btmr Ban Pedro, Zaddart, Ban Pedro.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka '
Btmr Arcata. Nelson, Coos Bay. -
Stmr- Geo W . Elder, . Astoria.
Br ship James Kerr, Powles, Queenstown.
Thursday, November W
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart. £6 hours from Eu
reka, bound south; put in to land ' passengers
Btmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 44 hours froni
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr.Al«x Duncan. Guthria, 24 hours from
Monterey.
Stmr Luella, Madsen. 40 hours from Ban
Pedro. - ,-
Stinr Alcazar, Gunderaon, 86 hours from Port
I/OB Ancles. •
Btmr Whltesboro, Olaen, IS hours fm Green
wood. ¦ ¦ -¦ ¦' ¦;.-•_ ¦••¦¦• ¦ ¦ ¦ ,.•-..
¦ Stmr Cresc«nt City. Stockfleth, U hoars from.
Crescent City.'
Stmr Rainier. Hansra, 81 hours " ftom New
Whatcora.
Ptinr Australia, Lawless, 11 days 15 hours fm
Tahiti.
Stmr Point. Arena. Hansen. .14 hours from
Mendoclno.* " •
Br stmr Wellington. Balmond. 3H days from
Cbmox. '¦¦'¦¦¦'
Br stmr Warfleld, Pattle, 4 days from Oyster
Harbor.
Br ship HeleiisburKh, ; Jefferson. • 119 days fm
Hull. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦' ¦¦ vv- ¦¦-¦¦,;¦¦¦- ,,,-¦-¦¦
• Schr Archie and'Fontle. Jensen, 4 days frtn
Iversens Landing.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Water Front Notes.
The" British ship Helensburgh arrived
here from Hull ""yesterday after a fair
passage of 139 days* On November 19
Thomas White, the boatswain, died from
natural causes and was buried at sea. *
The German bark Charles Gounod and
the British ship James Kerr both sailed
yesterday with cargoes of wheat for Eu
rope. There is considerable betting on the
outcome of the run, the Britisher being
the favorite in the pools. .
It was only by the greatest amount of
moral suasion that Captain Harry Struve
succeeded in keeping his crew aboard the
United States transport Hancock. The
crack ship of the fleet was chosen to
bring home the dead and when the news
was noised around the sailors and firemen
evinced a very decided Inclination to de
sert. At Honolulu nearly 300 bodies of
soldiers who had died during the war
were taken aboard, while at Manila
enough coffins were added to the list to
make the number of remains on board an
equal two thousand. As coffin after cof
fin was lowered Into the hold the courage
of the men sank Inch by Inch, and It re
quired a file of marines to . keep them
aboard just about sailing time.
The Hancock is scheduled to arrive here
about December 22.
Hancock's Grewsomo Cargo.
The four-masted bark Osborne arrived
here on October IS with a general cargo
and is still awaiting a chance to dis
charge. She measures 325 feet between
perpendiculars and In consequence re
quires one side of any wharf along the
front to herself. She is not so big that
there Is not wharf room for her, but then
the space she would leave after berthing
would be useless even for the accommoda
tion of a scow schooner. Chief Wharf
inger Henderson could not spare the room
and in consequence- the Osborne went to
Oakland. She came back to the stream on
November 15 and has ever since been
awaiting a chance to dock. Yesterday
she was taken alongside sections 1 and 2
of the seawall and both captain and crew
had a Thanksgiving service.
British Ship Osborne Playing in
Hard Luck.
NO BERTH AVAILABLE.
The Australia has completed her maid
en run to Tahiti and judging from the
reports of the passengers it was a genu
ine success. The United Statea Consul at
Papeete entertained the passengers, and
the citizens of the Island guve all hands
a right royal welcome. There were enter
tainments aboard and receptions ashore
and the Australia was cheered on every
occasion.
The Oceanic Steamship Company has a
contract with the French Government to
carry the malls to Tahiti and the Austra
lia inaugurated the service. From now on
the company will run a monthly service
between here and the French possessions.
THE mall steamers Australia and
Zealandla both made port yester
day. The Zealandla got In shortly
after midnight and the Australia
about 8 a. m. The former came
from Hawaii and the latter from Tahiti.
Both vessels made good passages, neither
one running. Into the hurricane that has
caused so much damage In the Southern
seas.
The following named came up In the
cabin on the Zealandia:
J. A. Kennedy, G. F. Renton, H. H. Renton,
W. "W. Hall, John Campbell, Dr. L. A. Bauer,
W. T. Cornwall and wife. Mr. SchlerholU and
wife. Rev. J. F. Durao and wife. Mrs. H. Na
haolelua and child, A. F. Gunn and wife. Mis*
M. Gunn, Miss L. Castle. C. S. Shanklin. Mrs.
E. H. Davles. Miss L. M. McBoyle, Mrs. M.
Hellbrun, Miss L. Hellbrun, Dr. R. B. Chap
man, E. R, Swain. J. B. Alexander, Mre. A.
8. Gammane. Mrs. F. W. Hankey, Mrs. Har
rison, K. Atkinson, C. B. Corbley. C. D.
Chase, D. F. Morton. S. Johnson. J. VandalU
A. O. Whipple, Mrs. J. B. McGrew. Mrs. G.
I A. Rathburn and child, Mrs. Knapr, Dr. Wi B.
| Kibley. Miss D. B. Edmunds, T. G. Carllle.
The names of those who came up from
Papeete on the Australia follow:
F M. Cartaw, C. 1» Glddon, II. L Waage.
John Brander, John Gilmartln, Mrs. Gilmar
tln A. L. Cramer, W. H. Bull. John Brander
Jr..' Mrs. O. B. Burns, Ed J. Adams, Mrs. Ad
ems, Mrs. "W. H. Wright. Captain JLeale, Mrs.
Leale, D. Atwater. Mrs. Vitant. B. T. Cady.
Miss Eva Cady, Miss B. Brodian, Miss L. Par
ker. Mias L. Smith, W. S. Rutherford, A.
Lewis.' Papa Ita, William Stone, P. M. Haa
cen William Doane and James Hunter.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1900.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN, FRANCISCO, Nov. J9—5 p. m.
The following: are th« aeasonal rainfalls to
date, ax compared with those of the same date
last eeaaon, and rainfalls In th» last 24 hours:
Weather Report
13
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Del Norte ...... Portland and Coos Bay. Nov. 30
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Nov. 30
Samoa Humboldt Nov. 30
Mackinaw Seattle Nov. 30
Tltanla Nanalmo Nov. 30
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 30
City of 8ydney New York via. Panama Deo. 1
Columbia Portland... Dec 1
Queen San Diego & Way Ports Doc. 2
Bonlta Newport and Way Ports Dec. 2
Pomona lEureka Dec. 2
Washtenaw Nanalmo Dee. 2
Santa Barbara. Humboldt Deo. 2
UmatUla Victoria. & Puget Sound Dec. '3
South Portland Seattle........ Dec. .3
Corona Newport Dec. 6
Geo. W. Elder. Portland Deo. 6
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Willamette Seattle Nov. 30. 4 pm Pier 9
Corona .... Newport....... Nov. XO. Ham Pl#r'll
Emplra .... Coos Bay Nov. 30. 4 pm Pier 13
Rainier .... Seattle......... Dec. 1. 5 pm Pier 13
Mexico .... Mexico... (Dec. 1. 12 m Pier 27
North Fork Humboldt..... Deo. 1, lam Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Deo. 1. 2 pm Pier 2
Walla Wall Vic & Pgt Sd. Dec. 1. 11 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa San Dietro Dec. 2, Jam Pier 11
Eureka ....IHumboldt...:. Dec. 8. 9 am Pier 13
7ealandta. Honolulu. Deo. 8, 2 pm Pier 7
8amoa .....Humboldt Deo. 8, 10 am Pier 2
Australia .. Tahiti......... Dec. 4. 4 pm Pier 7
Columbia ..Portland...... Deo. 4, 11 am Pier 24
Bonita Newport Deo. 4., 9 am Pier 11
Del Norte.". Portl'd&C.B. Deo. 4. 9 am Pier 20
Queen ..... San Dlepo Dec. 5. 9 am Pier 11
Nip Maru. China & Japan Dec. 6, 1 pm PMSS
FRIDAT, NOVEMBER 80,
Sun
Sun
Moo:
rises •
iet» ;.. ••••
sets..... •
!6':23"i
..T:03
..4:51
.. m.
i ...
t ...
8 ...
4 ...
B ...
6 .,.
|T»m«
H W
6:00
X. W
0:00
0:52
1:46
2:85
5:25
; 4:14
Time
Ft.
L W
1.6 12:20
.-,¦ H'.W
1.6 6:46
2.0 7:29
J.8 8:12
J.6 : 8:57
-2.9 9:41
8.1 10:26
Ft.
1.6
6.8
.6.0
6.3
6.5
6.5
6.6
Time
Ft.
H W
6:27 i"!
It W ¦
1:19 0.8
2:16 0.1
8:09—0.5
3:59 -0.9
4:47 —1.2
6:34 —1.3
ITlmej
pw
H W
7:46
8:53
10:01
11:00
11:57
Ft.
.....
4.2
4.3
4.4
4.6
4.6
......
|.....
STATIONS.
Last
24 Hours
This I Last
Season. I Season.
Eureka-
Red Bluff
Sacramento .. ..........
San Francisco
Fresno
Independence
Ban Luis Obispo
Los Angeles
San Diero .-.
14.59
6.53
6.66
5.58
4.9S
2.14
8.M
6.79
1.70
20.33
7.M
7.10
7.71
2.63
1.22
E.S4
1.60
1.28
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Del Norte ...... Portland and Coos Bay. Nov. 30
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Nov. 30
Samoa Humboldt Nov. 30
Mackinaw Seattle Nov. 30
Tltanla Nanalmo Nov. 30
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 30
City of 8ydney New York via. Panama Deo. 1
Columbia Portland... Dec 1
Queen San Diego & Way Ports Doc. 2
Bonlta Newport and Way Ports Dec. 2
Pomona lEureka Dec. 2
Washtenaw Nanalmo Dee. 2
Santa Barbara. Humboldt Deo. 2
UmatUla Victoria. & Puget Sound Dec. '3
South Portland Seattle........ Dec. .3
Corona Newport Dec. 6
Geo. W. Elder. Portland Deo. 6
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Willamette Seattle Nov. 30. 4 pm Pier 9
Corona .... Newport....... Nov. XO. Ham Pl#r'll
Emplra .... Coos Bay Nov. 30. 4 pm Pier 13
Rainier .... Seattle......... Dec. 1. 5 pm Pier 13
Mexico .... Mexico... (Dec. 1. 12 m Pier 27
North Fork Humboldt..... Deo. 1, lam Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Deo. 1. 2 pm Pier 2
Walla Wall Vic & Pgt Sd. Dec. 1. 11 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa San Dietro Dec. 2, Jam Pier 11
Eureka ....IHumboldt...:. Dec. 8. 9 am Pier 13
7ealandta. Honolulu. Deo. 8, 2 pm Pier 7
8amoa .....Humboldt Deo. 8, 10 am Pier 2
Australia .. Tahiti......... Dec. 4. 4 pm Pier 7
Columbia ..Portland...... Deo. 4, 11 am Pier 24
Bonita Newport Deo. 4., 9 am Pier 11
Del Norte.". Portl'd&C.B. Deo. 4. 9 am Pier 20
Queen ..... San Dlepo Dec. 5. 9 am Pier 11
Nip Maru. China & Japan Dec. 6, 1 pm PMSS
FRIDAT, NOVEMBER 80,
Sun
Sun
Moo:
rises •
iet» ;.. ••••
sets..... •
!6':23"i
..T:03
..4:51
.. m.
i ...
t ...
8 ...
4 ...
B ...
6 .,.
|T»m«
H W
6:00
X. W
0:00
0:52
1:46
2:85
5:25
; 4:14
Time
Ft.
L W
1.6 12:20
.-,¦ H'.W
1.6 6:46
2.0 7:29
J.8 8:12
J.6 : 8:57
-2.9 9:41
8.1 10:26
Ft.
1.6
6.8
.6.0
6.3
6.5
6.5
6.6
Time
Ft.
H W
6:27 i"!
It W ¦
1:19 0.8
2:16 0.1
8:09—0.5
3:59 -0.9
4:47 —1.2
6:34 —1.3
ITlmej
pw
H W
7:46
8:53
10:01
11:00
11:57
Ft.
.....
4.2
4.3
4.4
4.6
4.6
......
|.....
STATIONS.
Last
24 Hours
This I Last
Season. I Season.
Eureka-
Red Bluff
Sacramento .. ..........
San Francisco
Fresno
Independence
Ban Luis Obispo
Los Angeles
San Diero .-.
14.59
6.53
6.66
5.58
4.9S
2.14
8.M
6.79
1.70
20.33
7.M
7.10
7.71
2.63
1.22
E.S4
1.60
1.28
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Ceast Steamship Co.
'm± Steamers leave Broadway
wharf, San Francisco:
For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
HCfa?a^. Dec. 2. — Chance to company's
KBURljfi^ak ftfamfra a: Seattle.
iBkMeT^l For v letorla, Vancouver (B.
HRjffirl Jy*.1 C). Port TownMnd. Seattle.
HKAiiVJTMI facoma, Ev*>r»tt. Anaeortes.
U-^^^s^Si and N '" w w hatcnni (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. D-»c. 2 and every
flfth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
Fot Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Nov.
29. Dec. 4. and every flfth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m.;
eteamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona; Fridays, 9 a. m. ; steamer
Bonita, Tuesdays. 9 a. ra.
For Eneenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata.- La Paz. Santa Ko*alla
and Guaymas (Me*.)— 10 a. m., 7th each month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street CPalace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
' 10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & R. GO.
DISPATCH FAflT STEAMERS TO
POI^TL^lSriD
From 6pear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE 112 First Cla»« Including Berth
innC S3 Second Class and Meals.
OEO. W. ELDER sails ....Nov. 23
COLUMBIA sails Dec. 4
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through ticket to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
. 63Q Market st .
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 r». m..
f or TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hloeo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARIJ
¦ ' Thursday. December «, 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU ,
Saturday. December 29, 1300
Via Honolulu.
SS. HONGKONG MARU >
Thursday, January 21. rwi
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
411 Market street, corner First.
- W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
KIW T0RK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. FARIS,
Stopping at - Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a, m.
St.'LouIfl Dec. 8 St. Louts. Dec. i«
New York Dec. 1? New York Jan. I
Southwark Dec. 15
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
N'oordland Dec. 5 Westernland ...Dec. K
Friesland D«c. 12 Kensfngton ....Jan. 2
Southwark Dec. 19
For frsleht nnd passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery tt. >. Or any of Its agents.
oceanics.s.co. asi^wss
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Monday, December 3. 2 p. m«
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ;...
Tuesday. December 4, 4 p. m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday,. December 12, 9 p. m.
J. D. SPRECKLS4 BEDS. CO., Agts.Jtdut Office, 643 KarkatSt
Freight Bffica, 327 Hartot St., Pier Ho. 7. Pacific St.
C0MPAONIE GENERALS TRAN3ATLANTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. '.^^
Sailing every Thursday, instead cf
Saturday, from November J. 1S$9. jt<*WHi
10 a m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. First-class to Havre. %5S and
upward. Second-class to Havre. $42 50 and up-
ward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson
building). " New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue.
San Francisco."
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Mootlcello."
MON. Tues.. Wed., Thurs.' and Sat. at 9:45
a m.. 8:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days lpm. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.; 8
p m'. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
pier No 1 Telephone Main 1508.
FARE • SOc
; RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTHiPACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
jVIa Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September 30. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:$3. "9:15. 11:00 a. nv. «1:43.
S-15 4:00, 5:15, »e:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— '8:00, ."10:00. »ll:30 a. m.. •UU.
3:1&. «H:45.«:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) - run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCa
WEEK DAYS-5:W, »«:S0; 7:45. 9:30 a. m..
•12-30 1:45 *i.S0. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and* Saturdays at 8:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-* :20. •SM. -10:00. 1I:U a. ra..
•1-40 *2:15. 4:45, »«:30 p. m.
. Trains marked (•) start from Ban Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5M5, «:45. 7:55. 9:30 a. ra..
O-35. 3:10. S:30. 4:54, 8:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:06. 10:06 a. m., 12:06. M5, 1:30.
5-00 6:45 p. m. .
™" * THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ,.'•_
1:45 p. ta. Saturdays— Tomales and way sta-
tions. •. ¦ - ;; ¦; j
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way sta-
tlons. --. - •¦,¦-¦'
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
¦ Learea Sa& Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:15 a, m. : 1:45 and 4:00 p. ra.
SUNDAYS 8:00. 10:00. 11:30 and 1:15 pt m.
Far«, Pan Francisco to Summit and Rotnra.
NEW TAVERN OF TAM ALPAI3 NOW OFEN.
Tlckat offices, ta Market St., Saosallto F«rry.
AUCTION SALES
fe fej fe>
GRAND AUCTION SALE
OF THE
FINEST LOOKING AND BEST BRED
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS,
Offered This Tear From the
ANTRIM STOCK FARM,
CHAS. KERB. Proprietor. '/ "\"
MONDAY EVENING, December 3, 1900,
Commencins at 7:43 o'clock.
OCCIDENTAL tiORSE IXCH4NGE.
721 Howard St., near Third.
Horsea In salesyard. Send for catalogue.
WM. O. I*AYNG. Auctioneer..
EAIIROAD TRAVEL. /
¦OtlTKKKN I'ACiriC COXri.li.
(PiCiric sistiii.)
HAn rMicnca.
(Main Line. Foot of Uarket Street)
UATB — Tbom Xotiwbkji 7, 1900. — tlMTI
"7 jOO a. Banfcfa. Salaua, E'.aairm. V»c»»IU*.
Rum«-7 md 1«ot»aienw *7»43f
•?¦««* 6h*at* Eiprraa— D»»ls. WilU»m» (for
Bvtlett SyriopX Willows. Red
Bluff. totUtni. *7il3r
*7iS«A Martiuez, Saa lUnion. V*;i«Jo. N*pa,
C»:i«tf(r* and Hint* Ron* *Cil3p
•S:O» a DkvU. WoodUod. Knight* L»ndin*.
M»rj«»l!le. Orotilln.. . •Tt43r
•«:••> Atlmntto Kxjweu— Og'.lon and Eut **i«3*
•••••AKIlas, Ltreraior^ Tncy. JUthxop,
Btoektoa nil3»
••iI»a 8»n Joso. UTcrmorv, fltoektou.
Ion*, .incttmrnto. * PIacer<Ule,
M»rr.»lll«. Ckloo. lt«I Kluff MiISp
•".to. e>»kd»i<% CblnfM). Honor*. Carters... Mil»f
¦»<••* H*|w»rd». Nilva mn<l Way Statloo*. > lli«3«
•1»:OI»a Lea Aoseles Eijreti — Wirtlner,
Tncj, l*5lirop, htnekton. Mvoed
Fresoo »ud Los Anjrs'.e* *7il3p
•Hi3»4 VUltiJi>. Martlnes tint Way Station* •3>43r
•!•>••* Th» Overland limited— Ogden. D«a-
Ter, Oraaha. Chlea«» ••;¦*»»
•11:O04 Kiles, StocktoD. Baoiamento. M»o-
dou. Vtttaa, Hiafcrd. Vl.ia'I*.
Port«Mtlle NliIS*
11i*Oa Lrtermor*. Saanr. Go«heD Jun»
tlon. Bakersflrld. Loa Angeles.....
fltOOr Saoramnnto Itlfer aie.mnr* t9>**a
•S:«Or naywarda. Miles and Way St.tlon*. •r»i-t.'» t
Mi <*»P Martluex, ban lUmoii. Vallejo,
N» [>¦». (.'»!!« Uu*. *>»n U ItOM ¦ •» « I • *
MiOOr Bfolcla, Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knlkhta I^ndlnC
M*r}n*lllc. Oroillle 'l*««
MiW>r Haywards. Nllenand Ban J (Me }S:43a
•StOOrNUes. LWermoreaad Stockton *ioil5 k
fOiOOr Barjrt limlied. El Pn». 5»«
Orleast and Eut «lo:13i
•3:»OpThe Owl Limited— Timer. Vttwao.
BakenflelJ. Hati.un for SanU Uar-
baia. Los An««U». *l*<tSa
•JitOrSew Orlraat Ezpresc— ItakenlMd.
HanU ll»rli»t», I.o« Ang-les. Dem-
Int. El Paso, Now Oriemna and
Sail •»'«»»
•<l:OOpBavnards.NilesandSan Jos* '7in,
«OiO«r TiJleJo »H>«34
•«i»9r Oriental Mall— Ogdea. Cbeyeone.
Omaha, Chlcwgo •atlS-
••(••p Oriental Mall— Ogden, DenTer,
O3taba. Chbaco. Hil»p
•7«*0p Oregon and California IC«nr«*»,Has>
rameufa!. Marjullle. lCe<Mli>(, ¦• - •
l-.»'J»i..l. l>H(at Hound and Fast # S:4t k
•litilrBsa Pabla Fwl Costa. Martlnes
a»d Way MtaUous 'Ht4J»
|»iOap Vall«}o 'll>4»t
CUAST DIVISION (Sarnur <i ; m,'f).
(Fool cf M»rket 8tre«t.»
•St ISA Newark. «JenUr«ille.HaaJose.F«fton.
lionlder Crrek.aanta Cms and Way
HuUons »«:*tir
ftilSp Newark Canteirille. San Joa«, New
* AlmatleD. FoUon. Itoalder Creek,
SauU Crax and l'riaclp»l Way
.Stations !••»<»«•
Mil-Ir Newark. Urnn Jm«, Lm Oatoa •««.-»«»
¦lli4Sp Hunters' Ezcanion. Ban Josa and
Wsy Buttons f7t»*r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtsiSlI failClSCO— f«t sr lUrkat »tittt (S!i» I) —
•7:15 9.0O 11KXU.M. {1:03 *1:33 tl:3a
•i:C3 tS:33 •l:03r.«.
friaOilUIB— Tnl •'Ituimtj.— "fl:0« 8:00 10:00*. n.
tl2:C3 *l:03 »:C3 *3:C3 ti:B3 '5:03 p.m.
COAST DlflKlOa (Bread (lanse).
(Third »nd Townwul Sts.)
tetlOAOeeau View, .^outh .-Un Fruueiseo.. f«:a«r
niOO* h*n Joi-9 mimI \V*r SUtioiis (Ms.
Aluiadeu Wetlnesdajs only) 'l-.inr
•»•••« Han Jose, Tres lMuos. Hmita Crux.
faellle llrotf, l'aso Kublea. Man
I.ula Ol.lnim. Hmf. Lompoc and
rrinelpal Way HUU..ns •«>!•*
•ln:«o» Ban Joia and Way Statioua.. •«:;j5 k
•I Ii3O* Kau Joss an.l Way Htotinns *8iS«V
t*«iap3»ii Mat-o, Usdnoo<!. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, ftanta Clara, Han Jim.
Tree Pino*. Hani* Cms. BaUnaa.
Monterey and Tactile Grove tl»ia«a
f»:S»pSan Jose mod Way Stations *7i.1»p
ft:ISp San Josa ami Principal Wsy SUtlons *»:«S*
tSiOvrBan Jon*. Loa Oatoa and Principal
Way Stations ft»:O*4
•StSOp Sui.lw and Principal Way Stations "MM*
•«:3«p 8an Jose and Way Stations !«:•«•« !
«ll:4.1p3>n Josa »nd Way SUtlom •YiSop.
A for Morning. I' (or A t ternoon.
¦Dally. t Sunday exeented. I Sunday o«i* -
l f Moodaya, Wedneedaya, Fridaym.
; a Toeadaya, Thursdays, oandays.
• Saturday call t
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTEBN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
* RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBCRON FERKT— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
San Francisco to San Ratael.
WEEK DATS-7:S0, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35. !:»,
1:10, 4:30 p. tn. Thursday*— Extra trip at 11 :W
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:SO and
11:30 r>. rn.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. ra. ; 1:30. S:». J:00.
6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «:10, 7:50. 9:J0. 11:10 a. m.; 11:43.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:ii
and (:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40. 5:05.
«:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park,
¦ame schedule as abova.
Leave | In Effect I Anht
San Francisco. | Nov. 7. 1300. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- 1 I Sun- 1 Week
Days, f days. | Destination. [ days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am| S:40 am
8:30 pra 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:06 pm, 10:35 ara
S:10pra S:W pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pmt 6:22 pra
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 an
Healdsburr.
Lytton.
G«yservUIe.
1:30 pm » :00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm S:22 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland I I
I 8:00 am! and Ukiah. f 7:25 pm: «:I2 pm
7:30 am! (10:23 am
|S:0Oam Ouernevina. 7:33 pmt
1:30 pm! I «¦« P«
7:30 ami 8:00 am] Sonoma I 9:15 ami 9:40 am
I 1 and ]
6:10 pml 5:00 pm! Glen Ellen. I «:05 pmT «:22 pm
7:30 ami S:C0am) ~~~ |W:40 am|10:2S »m
J:3O pml 6:00 pml Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| «:23 pra
Staff es connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark West
Eprtnga and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; it
OeyservUle for Skaggs Spring at Cloverdala
for the Qsysera: at Hopland f jr Duncan
Springs, Highland Spring*. Kelseyville. Carts-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lalceport and Bartlett
Springs; at LTtlah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakea, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. LJerley's. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville. Orr'a Hot Springs.
Mendocino City. Fort Brag?. Weatport. Usal.
Wllleta. Laytonvll*. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs,
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at hair rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market St.. Chronicle build-
ing R. X. RTAX.
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Cm. Manacer.
Santa Fe
Trains— Da»y
Lcavs Mark*t-atra«t Ferry DepoC
Lt«. Ban Francisco. 9:00 a m[«:10 p m 1:00 p m
Arr. 6tockton 12:30 p m 7:13 p m 11:05 p ra
•* Marced ........ 2:42 p m — - — 1:13 a ra
•• Fresno ~ 4:» p m »:C5 a m
** Vlnalla ........ *:00 p m 4:50 a, u
•• Tnlar« «:23 9 ta S:io a ra
" Hanford «:» p m 7:0* a m »
*• Bakersfleld ... 3:M P m J:30 a ra
•• Denver !«:<» a m ¦ ¦
" •• Kansas City... 5:15 p ni
*• Chicago 7:40 am
• a. m. train Is th« Overland Expreaa. Corra-
¦pondlng train arrivea at 6 p. m. dally.
4:10 P. m. Is Stockton Local. Corraapoadlng
train arrlvea 11:03 a. rn. dally.
(•0a p. ra. Is Fresno and BaHersfield Cxpresa«
with Sleeping Cars for both cities. Correspond*
Ing train arrives at S a. m. dally.
OFFICES— <41 Market st. and In Ferry D*po%
Cu^ Francisco: UlS Broadway. Oakland, ¦
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62O KKARST ST. Esublb>ie4
tn 1 H5 I for the treatment of Prlvato
Diseases. Lost Mannood. Debility or
Hs^as- weariner on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
other* fall. 'Try him. Charges low.
rrar»« tnarnnlrcd. Call or writ*.
Dr. J. Jt". UIBBOJI, Sau Fraocisco. C*U
/r\e/». %/O'V' . «£= C^O..
FTNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
1238 Market ft., between *th and Sth.
Telephone South 247.
(Successor to Flannacan & Gallaeher)
DANIEL V. DONOVAN. Mtr.
FCVFRAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
'so" Fiftn St.. opi>osit* Lincoln School.
Telephone South £3.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
C7"FrtPT»ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invit«-d to attend the funeral services
This day <FYiday). at 2 o'clock, et his lute
residence. 1411 Oxford rtreet. Berkeley. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
FLAHAVAN— In this city, XovembT J3. 1900,
E<i«rar J.. beloved son of William H. and
Mary J. Flahavan. and brother of Oliver.
T^utrom, Knita, Norin* and the late Wllliajn
Flahavan. a native of Oakland, aged 11 years.
GREMMLER— In this city. November 29. 1900.
Jakob, belov«^l husband oC Louise Gremmler.
and father of Corrad Grcmmler and Mrs.
Marruerlte Busch. a native of <j<M-many. aged
79 yvars 2 m^nrhp and 9 day*.
Hl'ST-In this city. November ». 1900. Mary
Jaire Hunt, flovrd mother of Maria and
Kate Hunt, a native of New York City.
rrTTVtends and acquaimancps are respect-
fully Invited to attMid the funeral to-morrow
'Fatm-day). at S:3C' o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 434 Fu:t..n street, ther.ee to Sacred
Hftart Church, where a ma?s will be cele-
brated. comirer.cir.c at » o'clock. Interment
H<ily Croyp Cpm^tcrj" by carriaR'*.
JOHNpnx— In this city. November JS. 1900.
Marcar^t Johnson, beloved m"th»r of Thomas
J.. William C. Fred J. and Carrie L. John-
K>n. a native cf Man-he«=ter. tngland. aced
gO vears 2 months ar.l 14 dayp.
rdyFripn<!« ar..5 Bcouair.tan'>es are respect-
fully invite to nttfnd the funpr.il this dsy
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, from Jamfs Hasan s
unrtortakirKT rarlory. 445 Valencia street. In-
terment Laurei H!ll Cemetery.
KIKKE-Erterefl into r*?t. Kovernher r?. 1?00.
Owen CharlM Kiike. ap^-d M years.
CT'Notice of funeral hfr^aftPr.
LEliEKLE-ln this city. November S>, 1*00.
Henry E. Lederle. a native of Germany, aged
'c^TF^endi 1 and acquaintances are reppeet-
fallv invttiPd to attend the funeral to-morrow
«Ssturdav). »t 2 o'clock, from the narlors of
H F Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh an<l Elenth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
S!cDONALD— In this c'.ty, November 2S. 1900.
Mrs. Mar>" McDonald, a native cf Ireland,
a*-**} f4 years
"CTThe fur.»ral will take place thi* day
<Fri1«y) at 10 o^clock. from the Chanel of
the PaVeion. attached to St. Mary's Hospital,
r.h'-re a Boiemn requiem mass will be. cele-
brated for the rei^se of her eaul. commenc-
ing at 7:15 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by !»:«• o'clock train from Third
a'..! Townwnd streets.
tlUKPHT— In this city. November 29. 1900.
r^an'^l Jr. iSearty beloved 6on of I>anlel and
Man' Murrhy. a native rf San Francisco,
afed 1£ years £ months and IS days.
MF.VN In this city. November 29. li*00. Mar-
tin Nearly beloved husband of Catherine
M»vn father of John, Martin Jr. and Arthur
MVyn and fcmther of Mrs. W. Meins. & na-
tive of Gluckftadt. Germany, aged 43 years
5 mouths and 2? days.
MORGAN— In thin city-, November S3. 1900.
George Oordon Me?>eil. beloved son of John
D. and Mary Morgan, a native of Kan Fran-
Cisco, aged 2 moaths and 19 days.
NUGENT-In this city, November :S. 1900.
j araes Nue*-nt. beloved husband of the late
Annie Nugent, and father of James, Gertrude,
Ge<rce end RobTt Nurent. a native of Ire-
larrt 8ge4 :.3 years € months and 27 days.
ir-rFrie-n(!» and acquaintances are respect-
fu:u- invited to attend the funeral this day
r*Yi";ia.y». ex 1 o'clock, from the i>arlors of
A. W. Martin & Co.. 118 Geary street, ln-
frmcr.t National Cemet«>ry.
RIFX— In this city, November 28. 1900. William
II ton of the late William ar.fl the late
Mary FUfk. and brother of Mrs. U, EstuHedo.
Mrs T. OConnell and Robert E.. Georjre P.
ar<5 Jam»-s II. Hunter a native of Haa Fran-
cisco, ajred 22 year* 19 months an 1 I" days.
SHAW— la Los Gates. November -v 19W, Ma-
b^l X. beloved wlf« of Charles li. Shaw, a
native of Calltomla. aged 23 years.
CTFrie-nfis and acquaintances are Invited
to attend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday).
at 1 o'clock, from mortuary chapel. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BTONE— In thia city. November 29. l?0C.
Marian H. Stone, a native of Ban Francisco,
acd 40 years.
cyFriends and acquaintance* are resr-ect-
fullv Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
? Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
carlors cf Chas. H. Jacob & Co.. ns Ma-
son ft., between Geary ana O Farrell. In-
terment Mountain View Cemeterj-. Oakland.
BAI5LATPCHAN (SABLAT)— In this city. ?,"o-
vember 28. 1900. Join Augrust, beloved eon of
John aad Matilda EaWatschan. and brother
of Mrs. William Alpea and Lena, Edward,
L&ura and Katie 6a.blat»chan, a native of
6an Francieco. aged 23 years 9 months and <
r^Funeral eerrtce* will be held this flay
<Fri<iay). at 2 o'clock, at the residence of his
parests, G6 Locust avenue. Interment pri-
vate.
TIMS— In this city. November 27. 1900 Frank
P Tims father of Mrs. Lillian Madden, a
native of Canada, aced 46 years.
rrr Friends and~*cqualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Frldav) at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. «6 Mission etreet. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TTPON-In this city. November 29. 150* Carl
Velson Tyson. l>e!oved son of Mr. and Mrs.
k J Tyson, aped 4 months and 17 days.
irTThe funeral will take place this day
<FrJaay). at 10 o'clock, from the residence.
(2203 Sacramento street.
t-bb— In Honolulu, H. I., at Queen's Hospi-
tal R»v William H. Tubb. beloved husband
pf the late Mary M- Tubb. and beloved father
fcf Georee A. A. Tubb. Mrs. illiam Jamie-
*on William H. Tubb Jr.. Mrs. John Lad-
?Sh Thomas F. Tubb. Mr?. Adolph Richter.
Vre'-Carl Strphens and Ellen M. C. Tubb, a
native of London. England, aeed €3 years
7 months and 24 days. . ¦ • ; c- •
VAltSI— In this city, at 6t. Ignatius College.
November tl. 1900. Rev. Aloyrius Varsl. S. J..
a n*tive of Italr, ag^d 70 years 8 months and
IOTA re<iui«in mass ¦will be celebrated for
?*e repose of his soul this day (Friday), at
9 o'clock, at Et. Ignatius Church. Interment
Santa Clara, by 10:60 o'clock train from Va-
lencia and Twenty- flfth streets.
WOLF— In this city. November 23. 1900. Miriam,
relict of the late Morris \\ olf. and beloved
mother of Simon and Jake Wolf. Mrs. J.
Nevrman and Mrs. M. BaraueL a native of
Germany. a*ed E3 years.
•W.ELLS— In this city. November 29. 1900. Ad-
diirL beloved wife of Ed Wells, a native
of North Carolina, ared 21 years.
WILTS— In Oakland. November 28. 1300, David
A Wilts formerly of Mound House. Nev.,
rather of'c. P. Men*tel of Hawthorne. Nev..
a native of Pennsylvania, ac^i E2 years.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
?ul!y Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at S o'clock, from Ma*nnlc Tem-
ple, corner cf Pert and Montrmtiery streets,
where services will be held under the aus-
rie*^ of Doric Lodge No. 21«. K. and A. M.
Interment I. O. O. F. Ometery.'
FOSTER- In Berkeley. November 28. 1900.
H<"nry A., beloved- husband of Mary Foster,
and father of Henry W.. George H.. Charl**
T.. Frank E. and Grace T. Foster and Mrs.
G«»or{re H. Strieker, a native of ScituMe,
Mar*., ased 77 years 6 months and 26 days.
C^"Fri**Tds and ROtju.xintar.ces are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of Charles W. Zahn. 6C3 Pennsylvania avenue.
Ir.trrrr.pr.t I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
PnVCKKR— In this city. November 25. 1900,
at his lat«? residence." 1458 Fulton Ftreet,
Aufniyt t>rucker. dearly beloved husband of
R<-*>a I)rct<-ker. and father of Mrs. J. E. Mtc-
Nichr-1. Mrs A. W. Wilson, Mrs. F. W. But-
ler f.nij August E. end Dr. George I. I>ruck<"r,
a native of Germany, aped 73 years and 10
<5a>F. A member of Doric Lodee No. 21«. F.
at.d A. M.. San Francisco Chapter No. 1, I*.
A. M.. Harmony Lodsre No. 12. I. O. O. F..
Wtlhnlla Encampment No. 7. I. O. O. F.. and
Bohemian Council No. 261, American Legion
of Hon<">r.
of County Cotk. Ireland, aged 55 years. (Bos-
;^n. Uim., and Oakland, Cal.. p&p-*» please
tcoi<y.)
C7Th» funeral will take place to-morrow
(Eaturday), .at 8:J0 o'clock, from the parlors
cf the United Undertakers. 27 and W Fifth
•treet. thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a *fUemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the rei>ose of her soul at S a. in.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
EURNB-In this city, November 23. 1900. Olga
Alice, beloved daughter of Mrs. Alice Bums.
ar.d «>ster of Maud and Percy Burns, a na-
tive of Woodland. Cal.. aced 15 years 9
months and 19 days. papers please
copy.)
C7"Nottee of funeral hereafter.
BATES— In this c'.ty. November 29. 1S0O. Ber-
nice Parke Bates, daughter of Dudley C. and
M. l>-uise Hates.
DE LONG— In this city. November 29. 1S00.
Charles K.. dearly beloved son of William
er.d Amelia l>e Lore, and grandson of Mr.
and Mrs. Charles W. Zahn. a native of San
Frar.cifrf.. ajpj l y*>ar 10 months and 1? days.The fourteenth annual 'conference of
the Brethren was . begun at Gospel 'Hall
on Sixteenth street yesterday. . Quite . a
number of out-of-town delegates : are In
attendance. Among . the preachers »wer<?
John Rae of Vancouver; James Harkus
of Portland and G. W. Duncan of Cleve
land. The meetings will last until Sun
day." ' , ,._[ • :v ¦ '• ;. v - ¦ ;•
Conference of Brethren.
Daniel Frawley and his brother,
Thomas Frawley, were arrested early yes
terday morning on Mason , street ¦ by^ Po
licemen Wilson and' Burkholder 'and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
burglary. They broke the glass door In
a tailor's shop at 16U- Mason 'street and
stole a quantity of cloth, which was found
In their possession when arrested. There
was another man with them, but he suc
ceeded in making his escape.
Broke Into Tailor. Shop.
At the next meeting of the Unitarian
Club, to be held next Monday evening,
December 3, at the Merchants' Club, the
subject of discussion will be "Organiza
tions of Capital and Labor." "W.-H. Jor
dan will discuss it from a legal stand
point. A. C. Miller, professor of finance in
the University of Chicago, will, treat it
from the standpoint of social and eco
nomic science. George W. Dickie, man
ager of the Union Iron "Works, will speak
upon the proper compensation of labor,
and H. J. Small,' superintendent of motive
power of the Southern Pacific Company,
will talk of the relations of employer and
employe.
Unitarian Club Meeting:.
Fire broke out last night in the rear of
B. Johnson & Co.'s mill at 211 Ellis street,
and for a short time a costly blaze was
imminent. The tire was discovered by
Officer Keys, who turned in an alarm
from box 96. The flames were quickly
controlled by the department. Damage
wa.s done to the extent of $150.
Flames Checked in Tim©.
a; Gehret 46. I. D. Bluxome 42, H. B Taylor
*}• J ._^- Weaj, 4 !.- lieutenant A. F. Ramm 41.
A. Shu la 40, G. ClaussenlUH 40. Charles P»rry
40, A. Apthorpe 40. Captain B. B. Sturdlvant 40
Coli.r.el Georse Burdlck 39. Major George Fil
mcr 39. George Sullivan 39. Gus Hodman 39
J. A. Miller 38. Gus Ungermann 38, J. Nounan
S7, Paul Hupp 37. Ed. Fitzgerald 36. Percy Wil
liams 36, A. MeCulloch 36. Ed. LundquUt 34
Lieutenant W. N\ Kelly 34, Charles Llndecker
34. Daniel Brlggs 34. W. A. Hench 34 A
Glcsln 31. John P. Gaftney 31, Ed. Jensen SO
H. T. Lally Jr. 30, E. C. Cordell 30. W. a!
Beseman 30. W. H. Sieberst 30, Joe Meyers 29
P. J. Kennedy 29, T. O. Kerr 29. George Thurl
man 29. R. E. Wilson 28, W. L. Overstreet 26
& A -J V< J? d 26 ' R - u Radke B - H - A- Hostner
23. John O'Keere 23, A. J., Nicholson 23, J. H.
Gedse 22. L. Spencer 21. R. C. Young 21. Charles
Crelghton 21. Harvey A. Kvans 20. Samuel L.
Rogers 20. Harry D. Jones 18, Patrick Eagen
17, Gns Radke 16, W. H. . Tooker
IS, Thomas Heallon 16. Afano D. Zan
15, F. Bordenave 15, E. T. Foley 15, -A. C.
Fischer 16. I. Morgan»14. Daniel J. Campbell 13.
George C. Spooner 10. Alex Wagner 8, J. Bond
7, A. Kuhlman 7. C. P. Richardson 6. B. E.
Burdlck 6. R. E. Wilson 4. M. J. Meyers 2.
The annual reunion and Thanksgiving
day shoot of Company B, City Guard
First Regimerit. X. G. C, was held at
Shell Mound Park yesterday, and the fol
lowing are the scores:
Guardsmen Make High Score* at
Shell Mound.
COMPANY B'S SHOOT.
lve picture of the poet. Ealeza's added vo
cal weight was a grateful change. "Jean
nette de Reszke." as the New Yorkers Ir
reverently call him, sang with a fine fer-
YhZ a ££ spenefh deserving of a better
n^ n t^ h " nksgivln . B appreciation. He had
not the "interesting:,* Byronic air of the
tenor-poet of the first production, which
adds not ungratefully to the illusion, but
that two such excellent Rudolphs should
be found in one organization is only one
s°o c^mmTn^o rh^^mp^ny^ 6 same kl °d
Marcel, and is the bewitched and be-both
ered artist to the life. Journet. GUIibert
Dufriche and Maseiro were ail again well
heard, and Manclnelli betrayed no *on
sciousness o f holidays in his flne leader-
To-night "Die Gotterdaemmerung." last
of the "Ring" cycle, will be Riven Thn
S' Brrde^fi a and SC S h tror n Th?*S?'
o ? ck?ck! Ce beeln P^Ptly at P 7 e :IS
IT TTAS a wise Judgment which lm T
pelled the Grau managerial forces to
interrupt the progress of the "Ring"
for the Thanksgiving programme!
r Full-fed and sleepy, even the brilliant
"La Boheme" failed to rouse the audience
to more than a la*y enthusiasm, though
the opera was equally well rendered as
on its first production last week. The
"glad ragS" were notably absent, too;
there was neither a weekday nor Sunday
atmosphere Jn the place, and with the
generally heavy and after-dinner air of
things I fear me much "Die Gotterdaem
merung" would have fared but hardly at
the hands of the audience.
It was a good house In point of num
bers, though not a crowded house, and a
still further proof in its size, of the fact
that the city has realized that other
operas, even outside of the Melba reper
toire, may possibly be worthy of hearing.
For of course Melba sang the Mimi part,
and with hardly a" varying shade from her
last week's rendering. Certainly one
cannot imagine it better sung, and as to
acting, next to Marguerite the singer has
done nothing better.
Miss Fritzi Seheff, who on the opera's
first ¦ presentment was suffering from a
cold, was in charming voice last evening.
She gave us the daintiest of Musettas.
She looks the part and sings It in a man
ner worthy of acclamation.
The only change in the cast was in the
substitution of Saleza for Cremonini In
the part of Rudolph, and though Cremo
nini's was a graceful, tender and express-
The Svea Republican Club held a gran-l
ratification of President McKinley'a re
election at Harbor View Park yesterday.
Several hundred peopib gathered at. the
pleasure grounds and participated In n.
ball given in the big pavilion. The affair
lasted well Into the night and several of
the*successful candidates for various of
fices addressed the assemblage between
dances. Remarks were also made by Emil
Forsell, president, and OlaX Delln, vice
president, of the Svea Club.
The' committees to which the success of
the ratification was due were as follows:
Arrangements— E. Farsell, Albert Wal
lin, Olaf Palin and Charles E. Johnson.
Floor— Oscar Olson, manager; Svant
Johnson, assistant manager; August
Shorn and Oscar HJelm.
Reception— Emil Foisell, Charles E.
Johnson and Albert Wallin.
The officers of the Svea Club, which did
much in the last campaign to advance the
welfare of the Republican party, are:
President, Emil Forsell; vice president,
Albert Wallin; treasurer, Charles E John
son; secretary, Olaf Delin; sentinels, Os
car HJelm and August Shorn.
At Harbor View Svea Republican
Club Fittingly Celebrates Mc-
Kinley'e Re-election.
SWEDISH CITIZENS
1- HOLD RATIFICATION
Melba Sings Mimi Part Perfectly and Miss Fritzi Scheff Is the Daintiest of Musettas.
Only Change in Cast Is the Substitution of Saleza for Cremonini.
FULL-FED, SLEEPY THANKSGIVING NIGHT AUDIENCE
LAZILY LISTENS TO SWEET MUSIC OF" LA BOHEME."
Mayor Phelan Delivers an Address
in Which He Commends Early
Closing Movement.
The Retail Clerks' Union gave an enter- |
tainment and dance last night at Odd Fel
lows' Hall, and the affair was a success
in every detail. Mayor Phelan delivered
an address, In which he commended the
clerks for their endeavors to secure early ,
closing and urged them to continue their (
organized effort to advance their own'
welfare. A».fine programme was then ren
dered by clever amateur and professional
talent as follows;
Vocal solo, Little Eva Peters, assisted by
Miss Berliner; champion club-swlnger and Jug
gler of the Pacific Coast, I>ouls Meyers: basso
eolo. W. H. Brown: world-renowned Splro, In
his clever buck and wing specialties; soprano
solo, Mrs. Elizabeth Mown", elocutionist, Mrs.
Rule D. Meeke; Harry H. Walton, in hi* origi
nal Chinese Impersonations.
The committees to which the success of
the affair was largely due follow:
Entertainment— A. D. Davis (chairman), E.
W. Michelson, T. I. Dillon, H. W. Hail, M.
Mendelsohn.
Floor- — K. Matheson, manager; T. E. Sloan,
assistant. . ;
Reception— A. E. Rowe (chairman), Leo Rein-
Btein, A. E. Cohn, B. H. Bryan, William Hob
son, Leo Kaufman.
A. Dljeau was director of the orchestra.
RETAIL CLERKS' UNION
ENTERTAINS ITS FRIENDS
Solemn Scene When the Remains of
the Beloved Father Are Ex
posed to View of the ¦
Congregation.
The solemn and impressive "Office of
the Dead," one of the most beautiful
Catholic rites, was read over the remains
of the late Rev. Aloysius Varsi last night
at St. Ignatius Church. The Immense edi
fice was thronged to the doors with the
friends . of the departed priest, who re
mained after the service for a last look
at the calm g.nd peaceful countenance..
The re'mains were brought . from the
lower hall of the church at 8 o'clock,
members of '.the Gentlemen's Sodality
serving as pallbearers. They' were fol
lowed by the priests of St; Ignatius
Church, clad in their dark robes and
white soutanes. > .
The fathers seated themselves around
the altar. The body was placed In the
center aisle of the church and the face
exposed. The casket was surrounded by
lighted candles, the soft, steady 'glow
adding greatly to the solemnity of the
scene.
In deep tones the priests read the final
prayer for the dead. As the Latin
worda rolled from the lips of the fathers
the Immense congregation became im
bued with a sense of the solemnity of the
scene. Deep silence, in keeping with the
occasion, reigned, 1 and It was several
moments after the completion of the
reading before the people realized that
the impressive ceremony was over.
The body, of Father Varsi remained
all night in the church. This morning at
9 a. m. a simple low mass.will.be cele
brated, after which the remains will be
taken to Santa Clara for burial.
Office of the Dead Read by
Jesuit Priests at St. Ig
natius Church.
SOLEMN RITES
OVER BODY OF
FATHER VARSI
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 30, lyuu.
14
ADVEBTISEMENTS. .
l« r PrcmiumsC r A f
Jmanj GiVCn A 1 CW
WITH
Teas, Coffees,
Spices, Extracts,
Soda, Baking Powder
Good Time and Place to lluy
Come Just to See
GratAiiiBi1c3Dl!!iporifTeaCo.
> - CITY STORES.
210 Grant Ave., bet. Post and Sutter.
861 Market St., opp. Powell.
14O Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.
112 Third St. 1819 Devisadero St.
U6 Ninth St. 2008 Fillmore St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 521 Montgomery Av.
2SI6 Mission St. 3285 Mission St.
705Larkin St. 2732 24thSt. < :' >
355 Hayes St. 475 Halfiht St.
52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Washington St 1237 Broadway.
1185 23rd Ave. 616 E. I2th St.
15IO Seventh St.
W ALAMEDA-1355 Park St. : .
SAN RAFAEL-B St., near Fourth.
The "DANN" RECLINING CHAIR >
A Handsome Christmas tWwgsl
Easy and ComTortab'e. !'&&$£§§
*, Pricc # $15. ;; Come and see ft.
IV. 4w •:¦ SCHR0CK,
¦ 19 New Montgomery Street. " "
Tl 8 Market Street.
-..;-. j r,, , . . . ¦ . ... . V. j J 'II
: Outrof-town orders filled— get into communication with our mail order department and you will
save money on 'your clothes and furnishings. ....-
Suits for Boys
The ex raordhary values that we are giving every
week, is popular, zing our store with the mothers — more
of them are finding out every dav that we have the finest
children's department this side of New York.
The value this week is a boys' two-piece suit in all
wool Scotch tweed and cheviot, worth £<j 00; the suits
from 9 to 14 years come in plain, double-breasted coats,
and the suits from 6 to 10 years come also, in double-
breasted style but with a reefer collar trimmed with braid;
sale price for one week
Boys' waists,. ages 5 to 12 years, all sorts of patterns and colors,
25c each. .". \ . . •
Boys' derby ribbed underwear, in sizes from 6 to 16 years, 25c a
garment. -, " , ?.i-
'Boys';go':f caps 15c each or trvo for 25c.
-Automobile. coats for. little girls ..from ...3 to 13 years of age, made
to order from covert cloth, satin lined, $10.00 each.
Baseball outfit, consisting of ball,' bat, cap and belt, free with
every boys' suit or overcoat. • : ; *\f-\; \ £&
The price means something, when you take into consideration that the
lothes are made from good, all-wool material by master hands.
The overcoats are top coats, well made from covert cloth in three stylish
hades— tan, olive and trown. They have been sold by us for $10.00. You can
;et either the suit.or the overcoat here now for
The suits are ail-wool fancy cheviots in single.and double breasted styles,
well lined and tailored by men who know how.
If you are in need of a suit or overcoat and want to spend a limited
amount, you cannot afford to let this chance pass.
The suits and overcoats are made by union men in our own workshops —
we guarantee the making as excellent — union labor is always first-class — it is the
best in America.
We start the first week of December with a money-saving opportunity for
folks who practice economy. We are going to have a sale of suits and overcoats
for $7. 50. To-morrow begins the last month of the year — we want a fitting
closing to our year of values, so have selected these two strong bargains to in-
terest you.
vSuits and Overcoats
• :Happlness-is the interest .we receive on
our charitable investments, - ' ¦ ¦ ._ •
: Ladles' tailor-made suits, : silk ¦ skirts, v fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Kothnchild. 528 Butter.*
Trunks £ traveling bags. Before buying sea
our "bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co., 123 Kills.*
ADVEBTISEIffTrNTTa.
SNWooiT^ro
©RU5 1
If You Ars Looking $$% \
for Real Good Goods W^$ *
TO-DAY jJte^-'
! AtVory Low Prioei,
DON'T* - " W*r\ i^^Sft
THESE %mj
FIVE .. ja^fir
SPECIALS C^
SPECIAL I— Women's Golf Skirts.
In srays and "browna; :¦ heavy mater-
ials; worth $3. B0— on sale «jr| QC?
SPECIAL 2— Woman's Heaiy Moreen
: - Skirts..
Ruffle cordsd and trimmed with ac-
cordeon pleatln«; all colors, incluij- •
lnp black; worth $1.60— on OQs-»
.sale at .......vtfL
SPECIAL 3— Women's Knit Under-
skirts.
All colors; regular tl.40 qual- AA.
lty— on sale at.. OtfC
-SPECIAL, ?- Women's •• All-Wool
1. derdown Dressing Sacquee (Bee
Illustration), gM
Sizes 1- 32 to 44; all colors; TK r>
.worth |l.25-on- sale at. ..¦...:!: TOC,
SPECIAL &-Chll-: r
>1^S!»fefc-^ atari's AU-Blllc Cro-
>Ci i '' : 'iK£^V cheted Hoods (See
1 J&S&SSSft- Illustration),
virf^Mlfcf • *; Sl«e 1 ; only— QQi;-
' fefc 1^^' J on salf at...: VOv
! srfm&Lh .Country Orders Care
J/^SZS^J/.' fully Attended to.
/SftW J:-:-; Between Taylor and
i/O* I • j Jones.
y^Kx Lfe/^VERV LAfe^^'^^^^^^V15ITfN^ OUR I
C SSnSTORE.TODAy/ 6r "TOMORROW IS » X^^^fei -/ B
'S CSSy^EMTITLEC^ TOACAR&OF'CAPSHEAF *il$BB>' } J I
\ ;STEtL SAFETY (>INS. FKEE.. -,/f 9
i SOME UNDERWEAR AN EVENT * UNUSUAL HOSE-SUPPOR- I ~ 1
I AND HOSIERY SURPRISES. No 0NB SHOULD MISS. TER VALUES. I I
I TH VERT T r^L-srAL^ND li? ME »* dozen INDIES' ALL' BEAR THE I g
I pomvr oppmti-k" \l f*& GOWNS, made of good. &i - MARK OF TJNMIS- 1 M
I ?n?c TA rn T R vr^cn\TT^!Ti" sof t bleached muslin. TAKABLE VALUE! \ a
I TIES FOR ECONOMISTS. double yoke back, tuck- e£\ k 500 Pairs SIDE I 9
/ CHILDREN'S VESTS, made of lwM&n7k ed front, neck, sleeves /fej SUPPORTERS, made \ ¦
M best Peni^-lan cotton, high neck. and front trimmed with ((vrM °' best-quality frilled % ¦
" ' m long sleeves, Swiss ribbed, in gray JfpJfcJ^id ruffle of good soft xfi,H elastic, fancy buckles, » • B
# only, all well-sewed and neatly fin- inniTrrfi bleached muslin' full TTirrt^VTT rubber grip, the belt % ¦
5 I lshed— not one point which has been f/Jjl || ¦ length extra width not r l/'i / i is made of the finest a ¦
V Bllehted or neglected. Our surprise ' more than two to each U y+w JH sateen, all colors...^.. < ¦
f P 1 !*^®;"^ :• v{**:*v customer: our record breaking price M\ YiiH fm. •"U.^V*A"A,'rc?l^ j|
V PANT? to match, ankle U-npth. ttu'j f 4 LADIKS' RO1M) V B
French band 25ir OO 1 /=k »-»•#- t-nSrl?/ GARTERS, made of y' ¦
THE MERIT OF THESE GOODS . Z£m*J VClltO *<JC^« c "" best silk frilled , • M
5 WILL CHALLFVGE THE « elastic, trimmed with < :{¦
5* ATTENTION' OF THE a ' e at O'Farrell-Ptreet Entrance, fancy German coin buckles, trim- ' -.B
£ MOST* CAREFUL BUYER. c.THDn.vicvPii ivr nn- rae 3 with fanCy Satln b ° WS ' o^" 1 " ¦
LADIES' COMBINATION SUITS. SATURDAY IS VEILING DAY leader 2,>e ¦
< mace <if bf?t Australian wool, hlfjh. ,"^is>- -AT THIS , t^ » t>/~- uy > yh r^x'i.^ tiut m
n*-ck. long sleeves, ankle length. STORE! A mr vi vn^ THP \VORn_ B
On^iTa style, buttoning over the COME TO THIS DIGNIFIES THE W
¦V ehoulder. neck crocheted with eilk -J.J%aSg.. **h STORK ANY 1 * N uu " f
P and drawn throuph with silk tape. • ¦fSf.&^^'H SATURDAY II ANDKIiliCHIliF DliP'T. I
W colors natural and white. Our chal- fj'^ir^^S^lK AN * D YOU'LL GENTS' HANDKERCHIKFS. .1
R. lenge price S1.7."» , f^ySj^fl \ PIND THRONGS made of best Belfast lawn, hem^ 1
B CORSETS! CORSETS! » w Jf*»riuLj LOVING s i x in box Box 75c I I
fl * 7 V>« NOTHING NEW JI ESHES TO ENHANCE THEIR LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS. I ¦
CJ T^SS* O R NOTHING BEAUTY. mad'- of best Irish lawn, hem- I
B Offr* 3 W E 'CONSID- WHAT BRINGS THESE stitched, hand-made initials. Our I
S r ERED DESIR- THRONGS" phenomenal price WUC I
fi r V ABLE IS MISS- PERHAPS THE ASSORTMENT ANOTHER HANDKERCHIEF i!
Vy/Tpsa^X Vrm ™ n?n IS ENTITLED TO MOST OF THE , BARGAIN! |i
vlprrn enwi? CREDIT; BCT PROBABLY 9S dozen HANDKERCHIEFS, I
7 **• • -^-3-ea. V.4rirRn? t&& PRICES SUCH AS ARE QUOTED made of good-quality lawn, lace I-
/ /¦'^VlVygHfc\ **^ r/ m 'r I BELOW HAVE MOST TO DO edges and fancy lace insertions, 1
I / ACs\\iC/^jC 5\ ii fi r, ,, i- tj-o "^"ITII IT: some round, some square, and some 1
V .V^ kaxt^t ip> iivp 500 yards VEILING, in 1 all the star-shape; all worth 25c each. Our I
XN^ml «t OFCOI&FTS TV new meshes-Chiffon. Tuxedo and special 10c I
I<isV^Sfl \ EVERY SHAPP net-velvet or chenille dot, black I
i^SA an n RTVfp and colors l>.1e IT'S A VERY SENSIBLD I
S S*J CONCFIV^BLE VOGUE THAT COUNTENANCES I
BUCHAS " " Our Assortment of THE SHORT WALKING I
D Th GVdi; !r 'SS&Sirk. T§- EIDERDOWN SACQUES SKIRT. I
the W. B. Cj-clist, medium, bust *• Fetching. Dainty and Reasonable WL Have you experi- I
and hips and. in fact, a full line. One of our many offerings Is Wlk TE r %, cornf °^ t - |-
one and all to b« sold at lfss than rrade of best qualitv wool eider- «^ . l . he . fre ™ om ; the I-
l.aii their actual value $1.00 down, fitted back, loose front, eJ?:e Jii cn^cness of ono I
OUR PRIDB, "LA VIDA." gS?*.*!? !?.? bt?St W ° 01 n : /^\ in ojpominitvnot I
\Te are now o-rprin>r this sp!*n- Sa: ; at O'Farreli street "en trance C'^Sl tO be overlook^- 1
gj J did corset, worth Its weight in pold, street entrance. , AmFi ,. „ I
I S^SjfffiiTSfiSi^ NOTHING CAN EXCEL A JR ~ft E "« S I
1 J^orou^/bS KIMONA iM X TT Hyt" 1 I
ml with beft genuine whllebonV! in FOR COMFORT AND EASE. UiW\ Jont " n^rff^i 11
| 35-; JOE ROSENBERG, U
mM Cinftham Aprons _ « 1. > IS
|| 12 ic • 816 Market Street, SEi Sis" i
m £*£*&&' Running Through, to II O'Fai f s»eH'StV ~j8gB£2g& H
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THB
Money-Saying
FURNHURE and GARPET
HOUSE,
We will 6ave you money by buying your
Household Goods and Holiday Presents
from us.
Eveiv Article in Onr Store
Marked in Plain Figures.
REMEMBER, we £ive
10 % OFFJOR GASH !
Our New Goods Have Arrived.
row is your Time to select
KOLIDAYJiFTS.
SPECIAL, BARGAINS IN EVERT DE-
PARTMENT.
CASH OR_CREDIT.
Kraaen Fiiitiire Co.
1015-1017 Market Street,
OPPOSITE TATLOR ST.
OPEN EVENINGS.
PUP my '\
THB GREAT 6PECIAL
BARGAIN OF THE WEEK.
Combination Book Ctwi, In beautiful
c-oldra «-.««. from S18 up. Really won-
derful values. Ai.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc.. j
1017-1023 MISSION STREET ' } ]
¦'; Phose Se;th (4. Above Cth. San Frtnclsco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.