BURNING AT' THE STAKE OF PRESTON PORTER JR... A NEGRO YOUTH. WHO ASSAULTED AND THEN
STABBED A LITTLE WHITE GIRLt LEAVING HER DYING FROM SIXTEEN KNIFE WOUNDS. "THE EX
ECUTION OCCURRED ON THE SPOT WHERE - THE CRIME WAS COMMITTED. THE SLAIN GIRL'S
• FATHER APPLYING THE MATCH . TO THE PYRE, „ .... v __ v ...... , , ..
NEW YORK.' Nov.; 16.— The case of Cor
nelius - Lvt Alvord, former note teller of
the ; First ¦'. National ', Bank, was called In
the United : District Court .-.to-day
and counsel were giren until next Frftlay
to : file briefs. . .
Alvord Case Called.
Brother Murderers Meet Death Coolly
in Arizona.
FAIRBANKS. Ariz.. Nov. 16.— Thomaa
and William Halderman, who killed Dep-
(Continued on Second P&zaJ
JEST WHILE ON GAI/LOWS.
The physicians In attendance were Dr.
P. T. Casey, resident physician at the
prison;. Dr. Emile Herwig and Dr. G. M.
Freeman of San Francisco.
WILLIAM SULLIVAX. HANGED.
¦ AT SAN QUENTIN FOR THE
MURDER OF GILLARD. •
¦ The execution was set for 10:30; and
about sixty persons gathered to witness
it. Like all other executions at the prison,
machine-like procedure marked its every
stage. Without a hitch the affair . was
brought to a close. Sullivan's body shot
through the' trap before many . of .the
spectators had seen him. In. fifty-three
seconds from the time Sulllvaji left his
cell the trap was sprung and^ his' neck
broken.
The strain of the last few days told
heavily on Sullivan, and he wasted away
considerably. At most he never. had but
faint hope3 that the Governor would In
terefcre. and last night when no reprieve
arrived his last hope was gone. Sullivan
proclaimed his Innocence of the crime for
whieh he was executed. He declared he
was the victim of reward hunters who
wanted the $1500 offered for a conviction.
The man who killed Gillard, he said,
subsequently committed suicide. Almost
his last words as he left the condemned
cell on tho inarch to the gallows were
those declaring his Innocence.
"'This' morning the condemned • man re^
quested Warden Aguirre to give him a
bunch of violets and thanked him for his
many kindnesses. The flowers were pro
cured inii fastened to the lapel; of his
coat, where they remained to the last, i
» gallows In the old furniture 'fac
tory af&an'Quentln this morning.; Up to
the last the condemned man protested his
Innocence. He vas attended by "Fathers
Eagan and Sesnon of this parish.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 16.-Without a
word or a tremor of fear, William
Sullivan, the murderer of. Spencer
¦ Gillard, went to his death on the
Special Dispatch to The CaJL
William Sullivan Hanged at San Ouentin fork
Killing of Spencer Gillard — : Remarkable
Nerve of Brothers Executed in Arizona.
LAW'S VENGEANCE IS VISITED
UPON FIVE COAST MURDERERS
When Tasked- If little Louise ha-i
screamed ; or resisted, the n.- rderer re
plied: "Oh, she crie'd a little."
B Little by little the horrifying details
were dragged from him. In substance
Porter stated that he had lain In wait for
the girl and as she drove up to where hi
hid.- he stepped out and seized the horse's
bridle. He ordered the girl to get out of
the buggy, which she did. He then le-1
the horse farther up the road In order,
as he stated, not to : attract- attention.
Then he seized the girl by the back, of
her neck and threatening her with a knife
forced her into' the weeds.
¦Porter) his father and brother were ar
rested in Denver Monday, but- strongly
protested their Innocence. Under repeated
"sweatings," however, young > Porter con
fessed his crime Wednesday last as here
tofore detailed in The Call.
"Well, I done it," he said at last, under
repeated questionings.
News of her death was quickly brought
to town and. immediately, couriers were
dispatched to ranchmen's homes, to se r
cure horses and men for, the man-hunt,
whicb began at once. Bloodhounds wero
put- on the trail,, and the country was
scoured. Footprints . were founi leadins
from the sceneof trie murder toward the
cabin occupied by a section gang on' the
railroad. The . peculiarity of the foot
prints was that In the.heTt of each shoe
four nails projected in -such a way as to
leave a distinct impression in the ground
In the section gang's cabin was found a
pair of shoes ipartly burned >-" stained
apparently with blood, in the heels In each
of which four nails projected. They fitte 1
the • footprints. The fchoes belonged tu
John Porter, a negro 16 years old, who
lived in the cabin. • • ' ¦ ¦
The last coherent . words she uttered
were "Open the door," just a. little while
before her spirit passed away. An exam
ination of the body revealed sixteen knife
wounds, bloody testimony to her strug
gles and the fiendishness of her assail
ant. ,.
The dying girl was removed to her
home, where she died an hour later with
out having regained consciousness. .Sev
eral times In her delirium she would say:
"Don't. Don't." but was not able to an
swer questions asked. ' She recognized her
mother and those about her shortly after
reaching home, but unfortunately could
not .tell, any thing of her. brutal assailanj.
when asked who stabbed her.- We looked
about and saw the signs of a struggle she
had made against her assailant." .' : ,
" 'Help me up,,', she said,* and I lifted her
to her feet. : By .this .time Dick Belstllne
and Mr. Jewell, the blacksmith, had come
up, and the three .words were; the , most
¦sheutteredibefore she died. I asked her
If she 'could .tell :us who treated her^sb
badly/ and she seemed to; have. lapsed
into the unconsciousness of terrible pain,
from which she only ; rallied for.an instant.
She murmured " something about c being
'sleepy., but did> not 'seem : to" understand
"While I was approaching her two horse
men-who had come out to Join the" party
rode up, and when I called to them that I
believed I heard a voice .. they seemed
afraid of the worst, or did not understand
and did not come to my ald.-'But as soon
as I was near her I hurried to stoop down
over; her, and as soon \ as ray hands
touched her I knew she was covered with
blood. I raised her head and asked her
If she knew. me, and she sald./Yes.'. .
. "Mr. Frost, Louise's father, had twice
passed along the road without finding her
or/any trace. I was alone, following the
searching party and at some distance be
hind them, keeping to the left of the road
In the thought that if any: accident ha A
befallen her - and -she had been thrown
from the buggy, she would be found a lit
tle to the side of the road, very likely.
It was thought, something might have
frightened the faithful old horse she was
driving.- It 'was growing- dark by that
time and the moon was' not yet, up. Cbm
ing upon a bundle of • newspapers which
she had got from the postofflce just before
starting .for. home. I knew. I was on the
right track,' 'and-, called her name. I
thought I heard a moan in reply. I called
again, after moving a few steps in the di
rection of the weed patch from which the
sound seemed to come, and was then cer
tain that a-low moan answered. Going
about ten' steps- nearer the source of the
sound, I said. 'Is that you, Louie?' and a
faint 'Yes' came In reply, which startled
me, for 1 was not more than six feet from
where she lay. -v^"^: ,
. Charles E. WamslejV one of the search
'ers, tells the story of the finding of the
dying girl: '
The crime for which John Pprter paid
the penalty not provided in Colorado's law
was the outrage and murder of 11-year-old
Louise Frost.- the daughter of a rancher
near Llmon, a email* Btatlon on the Rock
Island road sixty • miles from .Denver.
Early In the afternoon of Thursday, No
vember S last the little girl left her home
In a buggy to go to the postoffice, a mile
and a half away. Not having returned
when darkness had set In, nor the next
morning, her parents, became .alarmed,
and calling on neighbors started out on a
search for the missing child. She was
found at dusk'of Friday evening. -
Waylays, Assaults and Mortally Stabs
' ; Louise Frost, Aged 11 Years,
While Returning Home.
FIENDISH CRIME FOR
WHICH PORTER PERISHES
The general sentiment expressed In Den
ver .approves the executlon-of -the negro,
but deprecates the method adopted.
mained on the train and presumably went
to his home at Hug5. He was Blrongly
opposed to the execution, and only con
sented, to. take. Porter back to Llmon fram
Denver under the strongest pressure^"" from
the people of his county. ¦..''•: >i V
DENVER. Nov. 16.— When asked his
opinion regarding the burning of the
negro assailant and murderer, Preston
Porter, at Limon, to-night, Governor
Thomas declined to make any statement
whatever. Early in the week in an in
terview the Governor was quoted a-i say-
Ing that* he had nothing to do with ihe
matter.; "
Sheriff Freeman of Lincoln County, af
ter th<: prisoner was taken from him; re-
People of Denver Approve the Execu
tion but Deprecate, the [
Method Adopted.
COLORADO'S GOVERNOR
DENIES RESPONSIBILITY
When Sheriff Freeman was overpowered
after a little parley, e. rope was thrown
around Porter's neck. T He made not the
least resistance as he was carried bodily
out of the car. Clinging only to his Bible,
he was led by the neck, literally like a
lamb led to theslauchter. * ,
"I guess so," said the Sheriff. Then,
as the train pulled into Llmon and no
one was in sight on the platform. Porter's
face lighted up for a moment. The com
mittee of sixteen hiding behind the sta
.tion sprang out over the platform and
Porter's face fell. He had thought for a
moment that he was safe. The train was
already moving on to Lake Station by
the time the sixteen had battered In the
door of the rear coach. Porter fixed his
eyes on the Bible before him and did not
release them nor betray any motion when
the door was .burst in and the lyncheri
swarmed about him.
"Do you think you can keep them off'"
he asked, with a glance at the Sheriff's
revolver.
"They'll get me at Llmon and that will
be the last of this poor nigger," replied
Porter. He was trembling and a sickly
yellow. He opened the Bible which he
had held in his hand all along and pre
tended to read. Presently he seemed to
regain his composure and lapsed Into ab
solute silence, speaking only when he was
spoken to and then briefly. He repeated
his confession of guilt with perfect calm
ness. Just before the • train pulled Into
Llmon, the rear door locked and Por
ter looked up at Sheriff Freeman.
. "I guess you know you are going now?"
said Captain Armstrong, answering a
question Porter had asked on the way.
"We are going to take you to Hugo jail."
- The murderer and avenger rode to this
execution In the same train, but In dif
ferent cars. Porter was taken Into »tho
rear coach and placed in a seat about the
center alongside Sheriff Freeman, who
Bat with a drawn revolver In his hand.
Freeman was to board the train alone in
Denver so as to throw any mob that
might form in Denver off the sc«nt.
Porter was not at all afraid when he was
preparing for the trip, but when he satv
the buggy and the officers he. suspected
where he was going, and. flinching, he
hung back. Sheriff Jcnes half dragged
him to the carriage. The ride to Mag
nolia was without incident. At the sta
tion the two officers took Porter between
them to lead him to the train.' He walked
•confidently enough until lie saw Frost,
•father of the girl he had murdered, lean-
Ing out of a car window watching him.
Then Porter's knees trembled and almost
gave way under him.
rail.
This» was the end. and after a few mo
ments the Btolld men were disconcerted.
They feared that the only remaining
<~hain would give way. If this had oc
curred the partly burned human being
would have dashed among them with
burning garments. Not many would have
rared to capture him again. But the chain
h«-ld fast. The body was then In such a
position that only the lojrs were In the
flr*. The cries of the wretch w«-re re
doubled and he again begged to be shot.
Pome wanted to throw him over Into the
flr*>; others tried to throw oil upon him.
Boards were carried and a large pile made
over the prostrate body. They were soon
Preston Pprter did not seem to realize
the awful punishment that he was des
tined to undergo. As he had exhibited
indifference to the enormity of his crime,
ro he teemed to lack all understanding of
Its terrible consequences.
For more than an hour, while prepara
tions for his execution were in progress,
be ttood mute and sullen among the
cvengers. When everything was ready
be walked to the stake with a firm step,
pausing as he reached the circle of broken
boards to kneel in prayer. He was al
lowed to take his time. He aro«e and
placed his back to the iron stake and half
a dozen men wound chains about his
body ar.d limbs. Kerosene oil was applied
to the wood and aftor a brief pause Rich
ard "W. Frost, the father of little Louise
Frost, whose cruelly mutilated body was
found one veek ago on that very Fpot,
took his match safe out, extracted a
match, lit and touched the flame to the
oiL For a moment but a little flickering
flame arose then the oil blazed up,
r parks flew into the air and the wood be
gan to crackle. Almost instantly the
negro's trousers caught fire. Even though
the flesh must have been scorched he did
not utter a sound. The flames crept up
ward on his clothing-, the sparks' flew up
in a. cloud of pale smoke. Porter turned
t!» head and a frightful expression
changed his face. With a sudden con
vulsive tugging he stretched his head as
far from the rapidly increasing flames
and uttered a cry of appeal. "Oh. my
God. let me go. men. I've pot something
more to tell you. Please let me go; oh.
my G<v1. my God."
In terrible screeches these words, the
first he had uttered aloud, came from the
nrxro. A terrible tuning; at the chains, a
Furccsslon of awful groans and screams—
the ncsTO'fi awful agony was at last
breaking down his sullen composure. Not
an oath escaped him. but he begged and
r,lra«rd to be shot. Suddenly the rope
holding his hand* burned through. Then
the arms, head and shoulders slipped
through the chain. For an Instant the
body stood erect, the arms were raised In
fupplication. while burning piece* of cloth
dropped from them. The body then fell
away from the fire, the head lower than
;h«> feet, which were etlll fastened to the
Llmon, whence they departed for their
homes shortly afterward.
LIMON. Colo.. Nov. 16.— Chained to
a railroad rail set firmly in the
ground, on the exact spot where
his fiendish crime was commit
ted, Preston Porter Jr.. or as he
mas familiarly known. John Porter, this
evening paid a terrible penalty for his
deed. It was 6:23 o'clock when the father
of the murdered girl touched the match
to the fuel which had been piled around
the negro, and twenty minutes later a
lai=t convulsive shudder told that life was
extinct. What agony the doomed boy
*=ufl>rr-d while the Tames shriveled up his
Oesh could only be guessed from the ter
nw« contortions of his face and the criea
he gave from time to time.
The executioners, who numbered about
SV) citizens of Lincoln County, had not the
least semblance of the ordinary mob.
Their every act was deliberate" and during
ell the preparations as. well as through
out the sufferings of the negro hardly an.
unnecessary word was Epoken. Grimly
they stood in a circle about the fire until
the body was entirely consumed and then
quietly they took their way back to
Chained to an Iron Rail Preston Porter
If., Murderer of Louise Frost, Ex
piates His Crime Amid the Flames.
Father oi the Slain Girt Lights the
Pyre and 300 Stem Avengers
Watch the Negro's Dying Agony.
Three hundred citizens of Lincoln County, Colo., took
Preston Porter Jr., aged 16 years, the confessed murderer of a
little ivhite girl, from the Sheriff and burned the youthful
prisoner at the stake. The scene of the terrible execution zvas
the spot where the negro committed his fiendish crime eight days
previous. Richard IV. Frost, father of tlic slain 'child, ap
plied the match to the funeral pyre and 300 of his neighbors, zi'ho
had taken the lazv into their own hands, encircled the dying lad
and ignored his most piteous appeals for mercy.
ignited, and the terrible heat and lack of
air quickly rendered the victim nncon
bcIous, bringing death a few moments
later. This terrible ceremony out on the
rolling prairie concluded the second trag
edy upon that spot— the terrible vengeance
of the first.
Through the entire affair but little was
said. As they had calmly prepared for
the vengeance, po the people of the east
ern part of the State carried out their
plans, coolly and deliberately. There was
not a hitch in the entire proceedings. Not
a weapon was drawn. There wa» no anjrry
discussion, and after the fire burned low
they bade each other good-night and went
home. They did not stop- to discuss the
affair. 1
LOUISE FROST'S FATHER
DECIDES UPON BURNING
Suggestions of Mutilation Are Hot
Heeded • by the Parent of
the Murdered Child,
The train bearing the negro, in custody
of Sheriff Freeman and his deputies, from
Denver arrived in Llmon at 3:45 p. m. It
was at first announced that the negro was
to be executed by hanging. Many, includ
ing the father of the negro's victim, pro
tested that such a death would be too
easy, and It was finally decided to leave
the method of death to the outraged
father. He decided upon burning at the
stake. About three miles from Llmon,
and near the scene of the negro's crime,
the whole party left the train and began
preparations for the deed of vengeance.
Suggestions of mutilation before burn
ing were made, but Mr. Frost declared
against It.
Wagons were dispatched for wood and
upon their return a score of men assisted
in preparing It for the fire. ' When at last
preparations were completed a further
delay was made, because it was known
many were en route from Hugo and other
parts of the county to take , part in the
affair. It had been annuonced that 5:30
would be the hour for starting the fire,
but it was nearly an hour later when the
word was finally given.
A strange feature of the affair was that
of souvenirs. The negro had since his
confession been devoting e\*ery moment of
daylight to the perusal of a Bible given
him by the Denver Jailer. Even while
waiting for his execution he sat by a bon
fire reading from the Gospel of St. Luke.
Just be fore he was tied to the stake, upon
request for souvenirs, the boy tore the
leaves from the Bible and distributed
them among his executioners.
JOURNEY OF PRISONER
TO SCENE OF LYNCHING
[he Doomed Negro Remains Hopeful
Until "the Mob Takes Him From
the Two Guarding Officers,
DENVER. Nov. 16.— Preston Porter Jr..
better known as "John" Porter, the 16
ycar-old murderer of Louise Frost, spen;
this morning Inhls cell In the Arapahoe
County Jail pretending to read his Bible.
During the morning Sheriff treeman de
cided to take him to -Limon. It was
planned that at 11 o'clock Sheriff Jones
and Captain of Detectives Armstrong
should take Porter to "Magnolia; fifteen
miles out on. the Kansas Pacific. Sheriff
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY; NOVEMBER 17, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVni-NO. 170.
DEATH AT THE STAKE THE AWFUL FATE OF A COLORADO GIRL-SLAYER
The San Francisco Call.LAWS VENGEANCE VISITED
UPON FIVE MURDERERS
(Continued from First Page.)
To Cure a Cold in" One Day
Take Laxative r Bromo Quinine Tablets All
drujtijlsts refund the money If It falls to cure
K- \\ . Grove's signature is on each box, 25c.- •
NO ANXIETY AS TO
CONDITION OF CZAR
Is ' Suffering From : Typhoid Fever,
But His Strength Is
. . Sufficient.
Special Cabin to The Call and New York Her
ald. Coriyricht. 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
PARIS, Nov. 16.— The Herald is author
ized to publish' the following dispatch
concerning the . Czar's illness,', which ha3
been received, in Paris and which Is from
the hlghesfsource: • '
VLIVADIA, Nov. 16.— Abdominal ty
phoid fever la pursuing its normal course
with the. slightest complication. The
physicians are free from any anxiety and
report ¦ that the ; Czar's strength r Is quite
sufficient, ; in view of the; fact that it 'is
the eighth day of the fever. His Majesty
Is cheerful. • His temperature is 101.^
- "Professor Popoff arrived to-day,"
OLGA NETHERSOLE
WITHDRAWS HER SUIT
Decides Not to Prosecute Dr. Easton
for Calling Her a Lewd
WASHINGTON. Nov.* J6—Mlss Olga
Nethersole has decided .not to prosecute
Rev. Dr. Easton of this city for denounc
ing her as a "lewd actress" in his sermon
preached last summer on "Sapho " The
suit instituted against the clergyman at
that time for $20,000 damages was wlth
frtal" 1 to ' day wI *hout having 'coma to
When Dr. Easton was informed of the
withdrawal of tho suit he expressed hlm
86l£ as somewhat relieved and said Miss
Nethersole's action was no doubt due'to
an explanation of his remarks which was
M$iv y »f! m °. r J. demana of her attorneys
shortly after the sermon was preached
wn»^ tOnll l sl8ts , that J hls 'explanation
was not a retraction. He had only de
nounced Miss Nethersole in her character
role and not as an individual. aracier
Miss Nethersole's attorney remarked
when withdrawing the suit that his client
had not Instituted proceedings with the
thought of recovering any money from
Dr. Easton but solely for the purpose Sf
vindicating her good name. The conclu
slon had been reached that Dr. Easton
could make no further reparation, there
fore the case was discontinued.
Frederick W. Boyce.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— Frederick W
Royce, widely ' known as an Inventor'
electrician and veteran telegraph opera
tor, propped dead from apopTex^ here to-
Earthquake at Caracas.
CARACAS. Venez.,., Nov. ; 16.— A "severe
earthquake sHock was felt this momlne
in the island of Caracas. Only Blight dam
age,; however, was done. . -.-..-. —
uty Sheriff Eld Moore and Chester L.
Alnsworth In April, 1S99. in the Dragoon
mountains, -were hanged at noon to-day
at Tombstone from the same scaffold.
They had been~once reprieved by Presi
dent McKlnley and once by Governor
Murphy, and felt confident that the Gov
ernor would aeain prevent the hanging,
but at 11:30 -when The Call correspondent
left the condemned men they had given
up hope and both talked freely of the
crime of which they were convicted. Wil
liam, the elder brother, said:
"I could go and die as easy as the water
runs in the river if it was not *for my
brother who has to go by my side. He
Is Innocent! I did the shooting and I shot
to kill Sid Moore, who also tried to kill
me."
About 100 persons witnessed the hang-
Ing. As the men entered the Jail yard
the bright sunlight of midday blinded
them, so long had their eyes been accus
tomed to the darkness of the cells. Sher
iff Scott White read the death warrant
and as he read William Halderman asked
him why he shook so. ' - . ¦.
"Don't get seared," said the condemned
man, as he lifted the rope at bis side and
coolly placed the noose about his own
neck. A6ked if they had anything to say.
the men replied that it. was no -use to
talk now, as it would do them no good.
However, they talked to the crowd and
William, addressing the District Attor
ney^ said Jeeringly:
"Well. Ed, my boy, I hope this will be
a lesson to you."
The men never for a moment lost their
nerre. _ •
CHINESE ASSASSIN EXECUTED.
Hangman Bungles in Cutting Short
YipLuck's Career.
VANCOUVER. Nov. 16.— Yip Luck was
hanged in the yard of the Provincial Jail
at New Westminster this morning. The
condemned man had confessed many other
murders besides that of Chief of Police
Main of Steveston, for which he suffered
the death penalty. The hanging took
place during a storm and the rain beat
pitilessly down upon the wretch as he
6W^i ns irom the scaffold.
The suspicion that Richard' Raddiffe,
the public hangman, was intoxicated, was
deepened by the manner in which he
etood his story and that he was not guilty
H £.m7J 9 a S°H nK Mexican, barely of age. j
W llllam S. Moffatt was a native of New
Ttork, C6 years old, and had liver In Ari
zona for many years. He was an estima
ble man and was .universally respected
He left no family.
Wife Murderer's Fate.
' SANTA CRUZ, Nov.. 16.-A. K. Zeigler
was this afternoon sentenced by Judge
Smith to San Quentin for life for wife
UJUhi 6 !' *"•* receIv ed the sentence with
stolid indifference. . .
bungled the Job. This was corroborated
by evidence subsequently gathered by
Sheriff Armstrong. In springing the trap
the hangman caused Yip a half-minute
of dreadful suspense. The Sheriff finally
seized the bar and practically sprung the
trap himself.
Yip Luck had procured a tombbtone on
which was inscribed his name, birthplace
and date of execution. This he kept 1 in
his cell for several days and insisted upon
carrying it to the foot of the scaffold.
Yip Luck was known locally as "the
man of the red ax," from the manner in
which he killed previous victims. Early
this morning Yip professed Christianity,
remarking that after the hanging he
would go straight to heaven and that he
would subsequently return. He devoured
a huge breakfast of pork chops, which he
criticized with the air of an epicure, re
marking naively that he would have bet
ter food in heaven.
ORTIZ GIVES UP HIS LIFE.
Avenged at Yuma.
Atrocious Murder of "William Moffatt
YUMA, Ariz., Nov. 16.— Santiago Ortiz
was hanged here at noon to-day. The
crime for which Ortiz paid the penalty
with his life was the murder of William
Scott Moffatt at Harrisburg. Yuma Coun
ty, on the night of August 11. Harrisburg
is a little station of but a half-dozen
houses near the Harquahala Mountains,
and is in the extreme northern part of the
county, remote from railroad or other
means of communication. Moffatt con
ducted a little store and corral, and Ortiz
had been employed by him but a short
time before and was familiar ' with his
habits and surroundings. :
On the night of August 11. after the old
man had retired, Ortiz crept up to where
he was sleeping and hit him over the head
with a steel drill, crushing In his skull.
Appearances Indicated -that the first blow
killed him, though others were rained
upon him till there was no possibility of
life remaining. The murderer then rifled
the store of everything in. the way of cash
and checks, mounted his horse and rode
away.
The crime was not discovered until next
morning, when word was sent. to Yuma.
and on the following "Wednesday Ortiz
7i? S J; a P tured fe y a Sheriff's posse. He
then had on his person $550 in. cash and
checks and practically admitted his guilt
offering no excuse save that he wanted
the money. At the request of the officers
ne showed them where he had secreted
other personal effects of his victim.
* H « w as tried and convicted' and sentenced
,?~ £ hanged in Yuma. really making llt
in r iJ e , nB ?>.Y ntn ne was tol< * to. stand up
i?J T ?i VQ , hl f, sentence.. -when for the first
tIme y 1 ! f H 11 magnitude of his crime
seemed to dawn upon him, and he falter
ingly remarked that they had not under-
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Nov. 16.— Brigadier General J. C. Breckinridge. Inspector
of the army, who took part in the campaign against Santiago, said to-day: "It was on account of Weyler's stay in Cuba
that the United States determined to do what was possible in the cause of humanity, which he had abused. I know of no
time that General Weyler's conduct of affairs did not hasten the loss of Cuba, and necessarily would continue to hasten it
so long as he observed the principles of the policy illustrated. The plan of campaign in Cuba was, of course, that the war
wes one Involving the problem of dominion of the seas. Whichever nation acquired that secured the Island as surely as a
rlp« apple would drop when the tree was shaken. We did not prepare to take Santiago. At the solicitation of the navy we
took that port for the sake of the fleet that lay in Its harbor. The whole problem was a naval one, and when the Spanish
fleets at Manila and Santiago were destroyed and Spain was threatened at home the military problem, to every well-instruct
ed military mind, was solved— decided. It was more desirable for us to make war at Santiago than at Havana, if the Span
iards wished It so. because it was not as well defended as the capital. If Blanco had moved against Santiago an expedition
would immediately have been sent against Havana. As it was, when the capitulation of Santiago took place, it was found
that more Spanish soldiers had surrendered than comprised our army. The course of events as well as' the military situ
ation decided the contest against them, and one of the prominent causes of the loss of Cuba was the conduct of General
LOSS OF CUBA DUE TO BUTCHER WEYLER'S CONDUCT.
LONDON, Nov. 16.— A Breslau. special
says: Emperor William was the object of
an attempted"dutrage to-day, which, how
ever, failed. As he was driving in an open
carriage to the cuirassier barracks, ac
companied by the hereditary Prince of
Saxe-Meinlngen, a woman in the crowd
hurled a short hand chopper or hatchet at
the carriage. The hatchet struck the car
riage, but the rapidity with which the
vehicle waa passing saved Its occupants.
The woman was immediately, arrested.
She is believed to be insane. The
woman's name is Selma Schnapke. : She
occupied a place in the front rank of the
spectators, on the side of. the. Emperor.
A crowd of people who witnessed the out
rage threw themselves on his Majesty's
assailant, but the prompt intervention of
the police saved the woman from Injury.
The assailant is a tradeswoman of Bres
lau. A provisional medical examination of
the prisoner was had and she has been
pronounced insane. While the Emperor
was returning from the barracks to the
railroad station he was cheered by an im
mense cro.wd of people who were gath
ered along the route.
According to most reports, Emperor
William did not notice the incident, but
the Breslau Scleschle Morgen Zeitung
says he saw what had happened and
turned very pale, but continued to greet
the bystanders pleasantly. According to
a special to the Lokal Anzeiger, his
Majesty was "apparently in a serious
mood after the incident."
•The entire Breslau garrison was Im
mediately alarmed and 'drawn tip in line
on both sides of the route which the Em
peror took in returning from the barracks
to the depot after luncheon.
The news of the attempt on the Kaiser
made a great sensation In Berlin. It waa
first reported on the Boerse, where the
market weakened.
While the "attack upon the Kaiser may
not have formed any part of an inter
national plot, there Is no doUbt that un
usual anarchist activity is developing in
various countries of Europe and that the
police are taking exceptional precautions
against It. The entire line of railway
from Budapest to Goeboelloo, where is
situated the palace of Emperor Francis
Joseph, is guarded by special police, a
thing which wtfS never done before. Otto
Albrecht, editor of Neues Lenien, an an
archist paper published in Berlin, was ar
rested to-day in the suburbs ofAlder"
shof.
Rosebery Sees Trouble Ahead. ." -
A special from Glasgow says: The Earl
of Rosebery was installed, as I.ord P~-
tor of Glasgow University to-day. His
rectorial address on the subject ot '"'ino
British Empire" was a stirring appeal to
the race to realize Its responsibilities and
to. prepare to fight for its . existence
Never, said his lordship, did the empire
so urgently require the • strenuous sup
port of Its subjects, because there was
a disposition abroad to challenge both
Its naval and Its commercial supremacy
The twentieth century, • he declared',
would be a period of keen, intelligent and
almost .fierce international competition
more probably in the arts of peace even
than in the arts of war. Therefore he
added, it was necessary to undertake peri
odical stock-taking, to remodel the state
machinery and educational methods and
to become more business-like and
thorough as warriors, merchants and
statesmen and to look thoroughly to the
training of first-rate men for the struggle
ahead, as on* these depended the future of
the empire and the race. He thought -the
now antiquated methods of training had
almost resulted In » commercial disaster
and the time had arrived to reconsider the
educational apparatus. • .
Real World Powers.
A St. Petersburg : special says: The
Moscow Vledomostl, a reactionary organ
regards "American and : French imperial
ism as an indication .that those republics
are strengthening to real world powers,
that Is,- monarchies," and describes" the
centrifugal tendencies of Austria-Hun
gary as democratic. . ,.
Julian Arnold Arraigned.
Julian ,T.B. Arnold, the. son of Sir Ed
win Arnold, was. brought up on remand
at the Bow-street police court to-day
charged .with -misappropriation of ' trust
funds, on which charge he : was recently
extradited^ from California. He was com
mitted for trial.
THROWS HATCHET
AT THE KAISER
An Insane Woman Makes
a Vain Effort to Kill the
German Emperor.
Rush of Relic-Hunters to
Secure Pieces of
NEW YORK. Nov. 18.— A dozen men
with pickaxes, crowbars and shovels ap
peared at Madison Square at midnight to
begin the work of removing the Dewey
arch. In a few minutes the laborers
pulled away the heavy coating of stuff
around the base of the pedestal situated
on the park side, near Twenty-fifth street.
A crowd collected around the men. Relic
hunters by the score appeared and each
sought to obtain some section of the
sculptured figure of "Victory," which or
naments the front of all the columns. The
skeleton of the column was laid bare In
a few minutes and. the woodwork was
torn apart and laid on the sidewalk. The
work was done under the direction of a
foreman of the Department of Streets and
Highways.
Return of Good Fighters.
The North German Lloyd steamer
Trave, which arrived this morning, had
on board thirty-four of the Chicago Irish
Ambulance* Corps who fought in the
Transvaal. They were met at Quaran
tine to arrange for their landing and re
ception. The delegation consisted of Vice
President Buckley, Patrick Egan. Dr.
O'Neill and J. J. Judge. The returned
Irishmen are all In good health and spir
its and greeted the delegation cordially,
saying they were glad to get back. They
were all clad comfortably in winter cloth
ing and looked as if they did not suffer
for means. Their soft, broad-brimmed felt
hats were decorated with buttons and
other insignia of the soldiers. On their
arrival in. this city they were escorted
to the. Vanderbilt Hotel, where they were
entertained. The original number of the
corps who went to South Africa was flfty
elght. One was killed, one wounded, one
taken prisoner, some are in the hospital
and some remain In South Africa. The
corps left South Africa for home about a
month and a half ago, going first to
Trieste, and from there to Paris. They
boarded the Trave at Cherbourg. John
Escholman. who went out under General
Hassell as a scout, said the men had all
given a good account of themselves.
Marble Palace to .Be Bazed.
> The Stewart mansion, the famous mar
ble palace at Fifth avenue and Thirty
fourth street, will be torn down. Con
tracts for the sale of the property have
nnally been signed and it has passed into
the hands of the Barney-Sheldon syndi
cate, composed of C. T. Barney, George R
Sheldon, John A. McCall. Henry Selig
man, Edmund C. Baylies, William F
Havemeyer, George F. Victor and C. W'
Morse. Mr. Barney said that the man
sion, which was the home of the late A T
Stewart, and later the home of the Man
hattan Club, will be at once torn down
No other structure will be erected. The
land will be held for speculative nur
poses..
Was Bockefeller's. Pastor.
The Rev. Alfred Pinney. at one time
pastor_of a church in Cleveland which
John D. Rockefeller attended when a
young man. and one of the oldest Bap
tist ministers in the country. Is dead at
Briercliff Manor from heart disease. Mr
Pinney was born eighty-nine years ago m
Cleveland and became pastor of a Bap
tist church in that place. He was after
ward pastor of churches in Syracuse and
Auburn and In Zanesvllle. Ohio. He left
his last church at Morristown, N. J over
a quarter of a century ago. He leaves
two sons and a daughter. leavea
Amused by Mark Twain.
.As --'the guest last night of the Society
of American Authors, Mark Twain^con
vulsed a company of 200 men and women
gathered at , a reception in his honor in
Delmonlco's. Mr.- Clemens was accom
panied by his wlf# and daughter and was
presented to every one present. He was
introduced by ex-Surrogate R. a. Tans™
President of the society, and made a brief
Paterson Crowd Pleads.
McAllister. Campbell. Death and Kerr
accused of causing the death of Jennie
Bosschieter in Paterson. N. J.. last month
by administering a drug, were arVSjKS
before Supreme Judge Dlxon in Paterson
to-day. They all pleaded not guilty Trial
was set for January 14. . Arial
Valet Jones Committed.
Charles F. Jones, valet of the lat« mi!
lionaire. William Rice, who! with Lawyer
Patrick, has beeu In the Tombs tot Xour
DEWEY ARCH
IS TORN DOWN
— . y
QENERAL WILLIAM R. SHAFTER was not inclined
to take General Weyler's assertions seriously, when
shown the cablegram yesterday at the army head
quarters. He said that evidently Weyler was talking
for effect, as every military man knew that the Span
iards In Cuba, without the aid of a fleet to prevent the land-
Inp of invaders in any required number, could- not have held
the island against tho Americans. General Shafter said:
"I do not care to speak of General Weyler' s record in Cuba,
or whether or not he 'has received unjust censure. My in
formation on that question Is second hand, as Weyler . had
been gone and a more conciliatory policy on trial come months
before I reached Cuba. Of course we eaw everywhere the ef
fects of the Spanish occupancy, but I do not care to discuss the
responsibility for the conditions that existed.
"It Is very well known that the force of Spain In Cuba out
numbered by several times the force landed for the; reduction
of Santiago, but there were but few available to operate
against the American troops landed in .that part of the island;
they were in distant parts, and transportation facilities for
them were very poor. This Is shown by the fact, that the.10.OCK)
Spanish troops reported to be at Holguln, the 3400 at San- Luis
and the 7500 at Guanjanamo remained at these places from the
date of the landing of my army C3rps, June 21, 22 and 23, until
July 15, the day upon which the surrender was made, the city
being occupied on the morning of the 17th. . , .
"Had these troops promptly moved to the attack of- the
Fifth Army Corps the difficulties of the Americans would have
been greatly increased, but I do not think they could 'have
been driven Into the sea. It Is possible, however, that if these
21,000 troops had. co-operated with .the 3000 troops that did re
inforce the troops of Santiago on the night of July 2 in mak
ing a vigorous attack, they might have placed the American
.army 'on the' defensive for a few days, but the ultimate
capture' of,,. Santiago could only have been delayed. General
Linares'" telegrams to his Government as to the condition
of affairs dearly Indicate this. .- / . •; . ' i
"That the , fleet was necessary for the preservation- of
Spanish possession in Cuba was clearly' shown by the fact that
immediately after, its destruction and the surrender of 24,000
of the 150,000 soldiers then in Cuba, overtures for peace were
commenced, the island being then absolutely at the mercy
of the American army and navy.
"Results are more conclusive than" theories, and "what Gen
eral "Weyler might or might not have done "is a matter which
appears to me to be of very little interest at this time.
"I do not care to criticize the statements attributed to Gen
eral Weyler, as the war with Spain is over, and everything
connected with it 1b A matter of history. The successors of
General Wevler did not drive the American army into the
sea or inflict any very serious losses upon- them, or even de
lay .their advance. It may not be generally known, but it is
a fact that they did not capture a single prisoner from tho
American army.
PARIS. Nov. 16.— General Weyler has emerged from his
shen and fires some hot shot at Anglo-Saxons in gen
eral In an interview given to the Figaro's correspond
ent. He opened by saying that he once more protested
against the abominable reputation created for him by
be American and English journals for political purposes. He
xmtinu^d:
"When I was Governor General of Cuba and was defending
he sovereignty of Spain In that colony, the least of my acts
>f war was distorted by the prets of the English-speaking
nations. I never troubled myself about that, for I always
'.id only my duty as a soldier, tvithout lending oar to rumor
if what was going on outside my province.
"I have noted sines with sorrow that these lying stories,
these calumnies, have found an echo In Europe. It has re
quired the events of the Transvaal and the stories of the
real cruelties committed upon the Boers by Lord Roberts
end the English for European writers to acknowledge that I
never conducted myself in Cuba as the British have done In
South Africa. People are now beginning to do me Justice.
"The truth of the matter Is that I carried on the war In
Cuba with the rigor which war requires. You cannot run
tilts of courtesy and generosity with rebel and half-cUillzed
negroes like our revolting Cubans, who were accustomed to
massacre. In horrible fashion, the eoldiers they had captured.
"People Ehoul<3 have seen our poor Spanish soldiers, thoso
brave little^ soldiers of 19 and 29 years of age, fighting with
the Cubans, to understand the real horror of that war. People
would have to have seen the excesses of which the Cubans
¦were guilty In the treatment of tfcelr prisoners; to have seen
them torturing and putting them through a slow martyrdom
and mutilating their dead bodies, to understand the peculiar
character of that war.
"But never mind that. I did my fluty as a soldier and am
ready to Co It again. My best reply to my traducers Is the
" esteem anfl affection In which I am held by the whole Spanish
army— the marks of devotion which have always been lavished
upon me by my companions in arms, both those in Cuba and
those of the Peninsula."
Explaining his presence In the Liberal party. General Weyler
remarked that It was the result of recent events.
"If I had been able to gather a strong Conservative party
after the death of Canovas I should have prevented the loss
of Cuba. At the bead of the Spanish troops which were then
in the Island I should have driven the Americans into the
6ca. The hasty levies of Americans wculd never have been
able to cope with the Spaniards. I should never have asked
for & fleet to be sent to me. Mr resources down there (in
Cuba) were quite amDle.
"General Blanco made horrible mistakes. He concentrated
all his troops In Havana instead of adopting tactics which
would have permitted him to -devote his efforts to the points
threatened by the Americans. It would have been easy to
save Santiago by dispatching there reinforcements at an
earlier ttage and with greater rapidity."
EL-TENANT GENERAL, "WEYLER. WHO GAINED
THE TITLE OF "THE BUTCHER" WHILE CON
DUCTING HIS CAMPAIGN AGAINST THE
STRUGGLING CUBAN'S.
PRINCE TUAN, THE NOTORIOU3 BOXER CHIEF, AND ANOTHER OF
THE CHINESE PRINCES. WHO HAVE BEEN DEPRIVED OF* RANK
AND OFFICE AND IMPRISONED FOR LIFE. • ... ;
"An imperial decree of November 13 de
prives Prince Tuan and Prince Chwang
of their ranks and offices and orders them
WASHINGTON. Nov. 16.-Min
ister "Wu has received from
Director General Sheng the
following cablegram, which
.,.he communicated to Secre
tary Hay to-day:
to be imprisoned for life; Prince Yih and
secondary Prince Ylng to be imprisoned:
secondary Prince Lien to- be deprived of
his rank; Duke Lan and Ylng- Nlen to be
degraded in rank; Kang Yi being dead, no
penalty can be imposed upon him; and
Chao Shu Chlao to be degraded but re
tained In office; Yu Hslen to be exiled to
the farthest boundary."
From Los Angeles— D. Edwards at th«
Murray Hill. M. S. Randall. H. J. Woolla
cott and wife at the St. Denis. ¦ ¦.
weeks charged with forgery, waa to-day
taken before Recorder Goff. and. on mo
tion of the District Attorney, committed
to the House of Detention. His bond was
fixed at $2000.
Calif ornians in New York.
The following Californlans are In >few
York: From San Francisco— W.-- W. Eas
llne at the Imperial, J. A. Hannah and
wife at the Everett, Miss E. Merrill, at
the Hoffman. D. M. Moses at the Crite
ron. C. B. Prltchlow, M. Slminof at the
Broadway Central; illss X. Vantersen at
the Amsterdam. ' . - ..:;• .'''.-
DIVEBQENT VIEWS AS
TO THE ARMY CAlfTTEEN
NETV* TORK, Nov. 16.— At the annual
dinner of the International committee oi
the Young Men's Christian Association to
night at the Hotel Savoy the f«atnre of
the evening was the address by Major
General Brooke, commander of the De
partment of the East, who surprised some
of his hearers by saying that th<t canteen
was a' good thing for the army.
Rear Admiral Barker, commanding the
Brooklyn Navy Yard, followed Mlijor Gen
eral Brooke, and at once characterized
the canteen as an "abomination." . . ,
Chinese Imperial Decree Which Metes Out Punish
ment of Noted Boxer Chiefs.
The Chinese officials mentioned In the
decree are "among the highest In China
and comprise most, if not all. of thoso
Sf^,2 St wh °ra the powers demanded rig
orous punishment. Prince Tuan stands at
v^t a t 0i r} h9 «nu-forelsn and Boxer
£1 M ment i Pr « v lou3 edicts havo degrad
tantii hi?. .£? ke « n * way h ' 3 oflice anU 8er "
™Ji,» *. bu i th!s Judgment of Ufa irnprison-
SVfv . ? .• »" os t severe thus tar -given to
f^iKi ¦ Z> leaCers responsible tor the*
u »n «t, 1<rom a Chinese standpoint It
ifi«!5 « tre p» penalty to' a prince of the
blood, but it remains to be seen whether
££"£? J uan n? offeree. T he ot KeT 3 ra «. n _
H.«^« t re luan s active associate, and
52f«?v n iW n ? ent alon £ wlth ?Vn in Sec
?£ llay s " ot « of October \ artvistns
J™ ii?,?jT e Oov eri.ment that this coun
tSL W ?,Y ? X XVect these offi'-ia-is to receive
officials who died suddenly when tbe de
ma^Ki f °K P u " ishm «r.t hart b.>en made.
probably by suicide. «Yn Hs' s en »a another
Tin- H aS . \iT' Ugh i to haVe committed sul
c !?,?' » ut th0 cdict taOfcatta trtat ho is
still alive.
As the Ministers at Peking have arsr>
been considering the question of punish
ment It will develop »pee<llly when thpy
lay their demands tefore the Chinese «-n
voys whether the edict of the Chinese
Emperor gives punishments which are
regarded as adequate to fit the crimes ••
LONDON, Nov. 1»\— A news agency d!s
f>atch from Shanghai referring to the si
eged new imperial edict (depriving Prtnc«
Tuan and Chwang cf a!l rank and offices
and handing them over to the Imperial
Cirtn court fcr close ooiifl.-K-mpnt pend
ing further punishment*, says the punish
ment of Prince Tuaft means that his son
the heir apparen;. can never be Emperor"
The edict alco makes the early np.nir.s of
formal peace negotiations probable
PARIS. Nov. 1;.— A dispatch rpc»iv«»r1
here from Peking says th^ Rms'ana an
abandoning, surveillance of the railroad
from Taku to Tangtsoun and that Count
von Waldersee ha3 telegraphed direct to
the Russian Minister ot War complaining
strongly of this measure, of which he hau
not been.- previously notified.
Russia and China Said to Have
• Agreed Regarding Manchuria.
ALLEGED SECSET TREATY.
LONDON, Nov.' 17—5 a. m.— Unconfirmed
'statements emanate ¦ from Paris and
Odessa that a " secret treaty has been
concluded between Russia, and China for
the Russian occupation of Manchuria.
There Is fresh news this morning throw
ing light on the actual situation." The J.i
panese Minister In London, who waa in
terviewed yesterday, hinted- at the possi
bility of the allies pursuing the Chinese
court Into the" Interior, tf they desired,
although he said it would be a long pro
cess.
Shanghai sends a report that the Em
press Dowager; alarmed at the rising In
Kansu province, now contemplates re
turning to. Talyuen Fu.
From Hankow comes a report that Gen
eral Tang Fu Hsiang Is still at Slanfu,
protecting the Empress Dowager: that
Prince Tuan has fled to Kansu and that
the whereabouts of Yu Hslen, Governor of
Shansl, la unknown.
It Is said that Prince Chlng will be sent
to Germany to apologize for the murder
of Baron von Ketteler.
Mrs. Jana L.,Satnford. who Is at present
In Venice, Italy, v.-ns located yesterday
by a Call correpponrlent at Paris«and tele-
Kraphed the Information . that Professor
Ross, In explaining the reason for his en
forced resignation, said:
My coolie Immigration speech was • not my
only orrrp.Bo. Last A^rll I complied with an
Invitation from the Unitarian Church of Oak
land to lecture before it on "The Twelfth
Century City." I odclresjeri myself wholly to
questions of city srowth and city health and
tquchrl only Incidentally on the matter of pub-
Ilo utilities. I pointed out, however, the drift,
both her* and abroad, toward the municipal
ownership of water and gas works, 1 and pre
dicted that, as regards street railways, Ameri
can cities would • probably pass through a
period of munlciral ownership and then re
vert to Rrlvate ownership under regulation.
In reply Mrs. Stanford wired the fol
lowing:.
"Professor Boss cannot have made
such a statement, as he knows there
is' no foundation for such an asser
tion."
As this eliminates from the case, as far
as Mrs. Stanforfl Is concerned, the ques
tion of outside influences, it leaves It
where Dr. Jordan put it, that Sirs. Stan
ford was firm in her belief that Professor
Ross has been teaching a doctrine that Is
false and not for the best Interests of the
university.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 16.—
For the present, at least, the last appears
to have been said of the controversy
created by the resignation of Professor
Ross. The student body and faculty are
unanimous In the opinion that no good
can "come from further agitation and
acrimonious debate. The best Interests
of the great Institution demand that the
subject be dropped and this probably will
be done. It is likely that resolutions of
confidence In Professor Ross will be
adopted and there the affair will rest.
In the present controversy a great deal
of Interest attaches' to what Stanford
Itself thinks of Its position In the edu
cational world, of Its relation to older unl
veisities and generally accepted methods
of Instruction. In this regard the best
which has been said on the subject Is In
a pamphlet entitled "Stanford University
and Thereabouts," a publication author
ized by the university and one which. In
the highest spirit, la favorable to Palo
Alto. In this little book, published four
years^Rgo, an effort Is made to locate
Stanford University In the educational
world and to describe the. hopes and fears
of its friends. Following Is an excerpt:
"On Its educational side, the university
has naturally made less popular Impres
sion. Yet it Is in Its break with tradition.
In the vigor and freshness of Its educa
tional methods, that it is at once an ob
ject of solicitude to conservative scholar
ship and an inspiration to educational
radicalism. Naturally, neither believers
nor doubters are able to give to the
course of affairs at Polo Alto quite the
serious weight of established things. On
the one hand, its friends regard. the cir
cumstances under which Its experiments
are being tried as altogether exceptional
and wait for the day of .trial. On the
other its fearful censors cannot bring
themselves to regard with perfect gravltv
the freaks of so youthful a faculty At
any rate, the university has been assured
a comparatively free field for develop
ment, and Its growth and progress cannot
fall to be watched with increasing in
terest." ., • . • . • ¦
In the light of what Is now happening
the foregoing words were prophetic. Mem
bers of the "youthful faculty" have cre
ated a storm and aroueed the Interest of
the nation. .
In the discussion over Professor Ross
the retired instructor has been accused of
having leaned too far to radicalism In his
theories ¦ of social government. He is
charged by certain critics with having
been intemperate in his Ideas of civilized
government. It is also known, however,
that the late Senator Stanford also held
views of an extremely socialistic nature.
One of his pet theories was that co-oper
ation in society is of the greatest possible'
benefit, and in outlining the object and
Purpose of the great institution he found
ed he was particular to Insist that co
operation In society should be taught to
tho students.. He spoke as follows:
'The object and purpose of the uni
versity should be to qualify students for
personal success and direct usefulness in
life and to promote the public welfare by
exercising an Influence in behalf of hu
manity and civilization,, teaching the
blesPingR of liberty regulated by law and
Inculcating love and reverence for the
great principles of government as derived
from the inalienable rights of man to life,
liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
, "It should be the aim of the institution
to entertain and Inculcate broad and gen
eral ideas of progress and of the capacity
if mankind for advancement In civiliza
tion. Wo have also provided that the
benefits resulting from co-operation shall
be freely taught. It Is through co-opera r
tion that modern progress has been most
pchleved. Co-operative societies bring
forth the best capacities, the best In
fluences of the Individual for the benefit
of the whole, while the good Influences
of the individual aid the many."
Labor Council on Professor Ross.
At -the regular weekly meeting of the
Labor Council last night the dismissal of
Professor .Robs from the Stanford Uni
versity was the principal theme of discus
sion.. The fact was brought to the atten
tion of the delegates that It was. at the
fiURjrestlon of the Labor, and Building
Trades councils of this v city ' that the
meeting In. Metropolitan Hall at which
Professor Ross spoke was called. A reso
lution which was prepared by Delegate
7,andt, condemning the dismissal of Pro
fessor Ross, was not adopted, as it failed
to express an opinion that Stanford Uni
versity Is a private not -a public Insti
tution.' The preparation of further reso
lutions was referred to the law and leg
islative committee, ; with, instructions to
report at the next, meeting.
T||g of Late Senator
; Stanford on Modern
Sccaiism, .
A STRANCE PROPHESY
Refuses to Believe
: the Explanation
v of Ross.
MRS. STANFORD
DEFENDS HER
FAMOUS ACT
TUAN AND OTHER PRINCES DEGRADED
AND ORDERED IMPRISONED FOR LIFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; NOVEMBER 17, iiHX>;
Shafter Replies Spaniards Might Have Made Better
Resistance, but Their Defeat Was Inevitable.
WEYLER DECLARES HE COULD HAVE
DRIVEN AMERICANS INTO THE SEA
MAJOR GEXERAL "WILLIAM R. SHAFTER, WHO
WAS IN COMMAND OF THE AMERICAN
TROOPS THAT INVADED CUBA AND CAP-.
TURED SANTIAGO.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS..
NEVEB TOO LATE'
To Try a Good Thing.
I am fifty-two years old. and fbr forty
years of that time I have been n chronic
catarrh sufferer, says Mr. James Gleshing
of Allegheny City: with every change of
weather my head and throat would be
stuffed up with catarrbal mucus.
I could not breathe naturally through
the nostrils for months together and much
of the time I suffered from catarrh of the
stomach. Finally my hearing began to
fall and I realized something must be
done. ' * „- -
I tried Inhalers and sprays at.d salve's
which gave me temporary relief, and my •
physician advised me to spray or douche
with Peroxide of Hydrogen. But the ca-
tarrh would speedily return In a few days,
and I became thoroughly discouraged.
I had always been prejudice'! against
patent medicines, but as everything elaa
had failed I felt justified in at least mak-
ing a trial. . - ,.,
Our good old family physician. Dr.
Ramsdoll. laughed at me a little, but said
if I was determined to try patent med*-
ctnes he would advise me to b«gin with
Stuart's Catarrh. Tablets, because he
knew what they contained and he had
heard of several remarkable cun-s result-
ing from their use. and, furthermore, that
they were perfectly sare. containing no
cocaine or opiates.
The next day I bought a fifty-cent box
at a drug store, carried it in my pocket
and four or five times a day I would take
a tablet. In less than a week I felt a
marked improvement, which continued
until at this time I am entirely free from
any trace of catarrh.
My head is clear, .my throat free from
irritation, my hearing is as good as it
ever waa and I feel that I • cannot say
enough in praise of Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets.
These tablets contain extract of Euca-
lyptus bark. Gualacol. blood "oot anil
other valuable antiseptics combined In
pleasant tablet form: and It Is safe to say
that Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are far 3i>-
perior in convenience, safety and effec-
tiveness to the antiquated trealment by
inhalers, sprays and douches. : ¦ •
They are sold by druggists ev»rywhera
In the United States and Canada.
Avisrr OR- JORDAN'S '3rcat4
IliUSEUH Cf ftKATOatr?
$ (S uaiusx3?sx.tat.te<tf£i,3.r.&i4
\ . Df The Largest Anatomical Muftrom in the \
m S Jl_»— Wortd Wmop.w cr aiy contracted 4
Z. 55 8*4 dE.«'eP^*-«««'»e«rcvireaft»theotd«t V
i U%£ZS CR-^SM-PSfrilTi CISSASES*
\ r(tj$7&9 tftawltJttoo fr-c and itri^tly priT»:s. \
i ' J j£#4l £f ' "mem p.-rsorally or by letter. A &
W B W «B fot.tm t'vrain erery ciseunUcnalicfu . T
#V If ll £> w rita for Book. rniLOSOra i: rff A
a I - IltBi » A O*> KA1LSO CJ2S. !A/
X A JL valuable booh for mra) \
Y OH J«HDAX A€O, J051 AlartretSt..8. 6. f
DB.'MEYERS&C0,'4f3fe : ,
Specialists. Disease jJhIF* - - "B
and weaknfS3 nf ¦ 7
men. « Established T$&4 ** s 5S*^?s ' 1
1S81. Consultation Wffi -J^sSm&T
and private book Vvfe i^t VT .-'• "
free, at oflice or by I 'V^t? J
mall. Cures puar- Sfltr^pliS'
ket street '(elevator J^%^w|y *Robert W. Wilcox, the Successful Candidate, Is
Said to Be a Bigamist.
HAWAII'S DELEGATE TO CONGRESS
MAY BE REFUSED A SEAT
Hunulllu. Nov. 9.-Robert W.
Wilcox. independent Royalist
candidate, has been elected Ha
waiian Delegate to Congress, but
may not be permitted to take his
scat. It is claimed that he married his
present wife before he had been divorced
from his first. If this matter Is pressed
»" u probably will be. Wilcox may be
--fused a seat on the same grounds *3
was Brigham H. Roberts of Utah. Wilcox
denies he is a bigam'st and claims he was
divorced from his first wife before the
5^<-ond marriage.
New? of the result of the election, which
wa« brought to Honolulu this morning by
stppmers carrying returns from the other
islands, produced mtieb depression among
all whites, as Wilcox was strongly op
posed by Republicans and Democrats
r.like. His campaign was an anti-white
canvass, with promises on the part of
tome of his campaign workers that If he
were elected Queen UllouUalant would be
replaced on the thrcne. The result of the
vote shows tho native bitterness over an
nexation to be still aiive. His orators de
voted themselves mostlv to caustic tirades
against the whites, who were raved
EpaJnst*as •'snakes." "centipedes." etc.
The Republicans carried Honolulu and
the island of Oahu for Hon Samuel Park
er hy Zl? plurality. The Democratic can
cjdate. Prince David Kawananakoa was
nowhere, receiving onlyabout on«?-:hird as
THE NEWLY ELECTED DELEGATE TO CONGRESS FROM THE TER
RITORY OF HAWAII AND HIS FIRST WIFE, WHOSE FRIENDS
MAY CAUSE HIM TROUBLE AT WASHINGTON.
STOCKHOLM, Nov. 16.— An anarchist
named Bagards from New York has been
arrested here.
Anarchist Arrested.
PEREZ'S WOUND PROVES FATAL.
Principal in the Los Angeles Duel
Dies in a Hospital.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 16.— Benjamin
Perez.. the Mexican worm doctor who was
shot on Wednesday evening by Manuel
Ygleslas. his former partner, died at the
California Hospital late this afternoon
A charge of murder was placed -against
the name of - Yglesias,. who has occupied
a cell in the. City Jail since the shooting
Perez made a brief statement to the ef
fect that Ygleslas had shot him because
they ' had been foes for a year. Other
than this no declaration"; was made.' As
Perez was intoxicated on the' day of th°
shooting the value of his declaration In
the hospital is said to be doubtful. •-•-
Baptists Elect Officers.
¦''LONG: BEACH "(Cal.). Nov.. 16.— At to
day's , session, the Southern California
Baptists*., Association elected the. follow
ing officers : : Rev. F. W. Taylor, River-
Bide, 1 president; - Professor R. ~H. Trlpii
Long Beach, flrst » vice t president: Pro
fessor M. B. Jones, Los Angeles, second
vice president; Rev. George Taylor, Pasa
dena, .clerk; v Judge J. :H. Merriman '
Pasadena, treasurer; Rev. T. C* Douglass,
Pasadena; ¦ corresponding secretary. • - '
Bpeclat Dispatch, to The Call.
COVELO, Nov. 16.— The extension of the
Donahue road from Ukiah north 1b pro
gressing. Construction material is being
distributed from Uklah to Willits. Graa
lng has already been completed ten miles
and now a force of men and teams will
commence work at the Willits end. Con
struction is being hurried with a vigor
that insures a Eureka terminal before
the close of 1901.
It Is understood that A. B. Hammond
owner of the Astoria and Portland Rail
road and a well-known capitalist of Ore
gon and Montana, has been over the lieM
and Is. now inspecting the Eureka and
Klamath Valley Railroad, which he re
cently bought from tne Vance family of
Eureka. Hammond's presence Is believed
to indicate that a deal has been . closed
lor an outlet into Oregon for the Donahue
road when It reaches Eureka.
Land owners are Jubilant over the ad
vent of the railroad. Loads of machinery
are being shipped or hauled from Uklah
north for an extensive lumbering plant
Small mills are being bought by the com
pany and It is expected that in the near
future northern Mendlcino County will be
turning out vast Quantities of redwood
lumber. .
; PETALUMA, Nov. 16.— Division Sup«r
intendent J. W. Barrows of the California
Northwestern Railroad, who Is conduct-
Ing the grading and track-laying. of the
road extension north of Uklah, was in
town to-day, and savs that the work is
progressing satisfactorily. Ten • mlle<« of
grade has been broken and half of that
distance completely graded. Three mile*
of track has been laid. Wet weather just
now has delayed the laying of rails and
the force of men 'will 'be brought to Ely's -
Just north of here, to continue. the 'laying
of heavy steel rails L" on the main line
The road up from Tiburon has been laid
wtih heavier rails and the work was
stopped at Ely's some months ago < Be
fore another stop It will -be extended as
far as Penngrove. -The rails are now on
the ground and the work of relaying the
be commenced this week.
LANE ARRIVES
FROM NOME ON
THE OREGON
Determined to Prosecute Re
ceiver McKenzie to the
% Bitter End.
The loss of the schooner Rube L. Rich
ardson on November 2. on a reef below
Slnrock City is reported by the Oregon's
officers. The crew was saved.
Among the Oregon's passengers were
Charles D. Lane, the California million
aire, ex-Congressman Lafe Pence of Col
orado, Fred A. Healy, The Call's special
correspondent and editor of the Nome
Chronicle, and several well-known Seattle
men. Mr. Lane says he is not going to
drop the proceedings against Receiver
McKenzie if he has to follow him to the
highest court in the land. He says Me-
KrTnzlo and his associates endeavored to
get the mines for themselves, but failed.
Mr. Lane expressed himself as pleased
¦with the outlook in Nome, especially in
the newly discovered mining regions. Mr.
Lane's sixtieth birthday was celebrated
on the Oregon at sea several days be
fore her arrival at Seattle.
Captain George B. Baldwin, the third
member of the party being sent by the
Nome Chamber of Commerce to make
known Nome's wants in Congress, also
came down on the Oregon.
SEATTLE, Nov. 16.— The steamer Ore
gon arrived from Nome this afternoon
with 145 passengers and $300,000 In treas
ure. The Oregon was compelled on ac
count of a severe storm just prior to her
departure to put to sea. leaving seventy
live of her booked passengers on the
beach. Arrangements •were made to bring
them down on the Centennial, which was
to have left Nome a day or two later.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RELIC OF ROOM
DAYS RAZED BY
CONFLAGRATION
Southern Pacific Hotel at
San Pedro -Reduced
The blaze started late this afternoon
when no one was present, and the build
ing was soon enveloped in flames. The
conflagration attracted the attention of
the people in San^ Pedro and the local fire
department hurried to the scene, which
was two and a half miles distant. There
was no water at hand and the efforts of
the firemen proved unsuccessful. During
the tvenlng the flames could be seen for
miles and attracted the residents of all
the neighboring villages. /
The hotel was built by the Southern Pa
cific Company during "boom" times and
during the presidency of the late Senator
Stanford. It was the Intention of the
company to establish a summer resort to
rival Avalon, on Catallna Island, at Point
Flrmin. and elaborate preparations were
made to leceive the crowd of tourists that
was expected. The hotel was erected at a
cost of $35,tXX» and was leased to a man
named Plerson. After a short time, how
ever, it was found that the place would
not pay and soon it was abandoned. Since
that time it has been unoccupied and has
been commonly known as the "Boomt
Hotel. The building stood on the Govern
ment re^ervot'en. -^
At 11 o'clock to-night the once handsome
structure,'- supplied with all the conven
iences of a modern seaside resort, was in
ashes. The .building, it is said, was not
insured. - ¦--¦-- ¦
SAN PEDRO, Nov. 16.— Fire this afte-
noon destroyed the Southern Pacific Ho
tel, an old landmark of this vicinity. The
cause of the flre Is unknown, but it is
supposed to have resulted from the ex
plosion of a gasoline stove used for cook
ing purposes by men who were boring for
oil In the neighborhood of Point Flrmin
and were camping on the veranda of the
building. ;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Nov. 16.— At .the
town of Nanalmo, B.': C, a bold , attempt
w f as made to rob the Bank of British Co
lumbia Just before daybreak this morning,
and in defending the vault Purvis Smith,
a clerk of the bank. : who sleeps in the
premises as a guard, was shot by the
burglar. After . he ¦ had been wounded
Smith fixed : four > times at the burglar,
who escaped. Smith's wound . will - not
prove fatal. The burglar • obtained • no
treasure.
ceives a Serious Bullet
Wound.
Clerk Drives Away the Thief, but Re-
DEFENDS BANK VAULT \ p .
AGAINST A ROBBER
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 16.— Chlttenden
ranch, near * Watsonville, on which oil
was discovered, was sold to Chicago cap
italists ' for $22,000. A company has been
organized to develop It. •
Sale of Oil Land.
VALLEJO; Nov. 16. — Judge Buckles to
day handed down his opinion in the case
of J. J. McDonald, administrator of the
$10,000 estate of Henry Bruce,, deceased,
against the Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society and the Humboldt Savings So
ciety, in favor of the Public Adminis
trator. This is an adverse decision to the
claim of ~A. ' Wllzlnsky. who appeared a*
lntervenor. and sought to secure the en
tire estate on the ground that just prior
to his death the deceased* had made him
a gKt of the property.
Decision in Bruce Estate Case,.
SANTA ANA. Nov. 16.— Tho Willows
drainage district was to-day declared ille
gal by Superior Judge Bellard and or
dered dissolved. The court holds that
when the district was organized residents
who were entitled to be included in the
district were prevented by the Board of
Supervisors, and that the petition to the
Supervisors for the formation of the
district was not signed by a majority of
the residents. A large portion of the as
sessment on property-owners along the
line of the proposed canal -has already
been collected by the County-- Tax Col
lector.
Drainage District Illegal.
Bpeclil DiJtpatch to The Call.
T*KIAH. Nov. 16.— In the case of the
town of Ukiah against. the Ukiah^Vatcr
and Improvement Company the Jury last
night brought in a verdict awarding the
city the full amount of damages demand
ed. The municipal corporation sued the
water company for damages fixed at
1570 75 for loss sustained by the city by
flre on *e night of July i6. 1899. When
the flre was flrst discovered there was.
no pressure of water in the water mains
and flre hydrants. It was found that the
agent, of the company had shut off the
water at the reservoir, " over half a mile,
distant, and there was much delay befors
a stream could be turned on.
When the prosecution concluded its tes
timony In chief yesterday Attorney Bled
soe. for the defense, moved for a non
sult on the ground that It had not been
proved that any contract existed by the
terms of which the water company was
obligated to supply water, under pressure,
for the extinguishing of fires. Mr. Bled
soe took the ground that the simple terms
of the franchise did not constitute a com
plete contract, but that a contract, to be
binding, must be in writing and .signed
by the proper officers of the respective
corporations. Attorney J. E. Pemberton
replied, taking the ground that the a-v
ceptance of the franchise by the com
pany and the collection of rates lixed by
the city made a binding contract.
For a time It seemed f«orr, the remarks
Interjected by Judge Angellottl dunng the
argument that his Honor was Inclined to
grant the motion for a nonsuit, but a
North Carolina decision was finally dug
vp by the prosecution which 3eemed per
euaslve nnd the motion was denied. The
evidence then Introduced on the part of
the defense was intended to show v that
the city fire department was negligent in.
giving its attention -to other buildings
which were on flre or threatened instead
of availing of its opportunity to save the
city property. ¦ >
Judge Angellotti rave eminently fair in
structions to the jury and after being ouc
several hours the jury returned & verdict
for the city. It Is hoped the water com
pany will appeal so that an authoritative
opinion may be obtained in this case, the
principles Involved beinr - f ax-reaching.
Water Company Responsi
ble lor City's Loss ;
by Fire.
JURY RENDERS
A VERDICT IN
UKIAH'S FAVOR
Grading Already Completed
Ten Miles North ol
UKian.
EXTENSION OF
DONAHUE LINE
IS PROGRESSING
New Railway to Be Opened Within
FROM SPOKANE TO KOOTENAI.
Ten Days.
SPOKANE. Nov. 16.— Great Northern
officials announce that the ne-«- Kootenal
Valley Railway, running from Bonner's
F^rry. Idaho, to Kuskonock. B. C. will be
opened for business on Sunday. Novem
ber £5. This gives a new direct route from
Spokane to Lake Kootenai. with daily
J rains each way. connecting with th*
lake Ft?amers for the Slocan mining dis
trict. Regular sen-Ice over the Spokane
Falls and Northern from this city to Nel
fon. B. C. will continue in spite of con
tra ry reports, but the Great Northern is
expected to give the new route preference
on KcotenaJ business.
Hop-Growers Making Contracts.
WOODLAND. Nov. 16.— Yolo County
hop-grower* are making contracts to sell
their crop of 1901, delivered at Sacramento,
at 5 cents per pound.
many votes as Parker. To-day it Is re
ported that he was ''knifed" by ex-Queen
f.:i:uoka!ani. v. bo is said to have secretly
thrown her influence- to Wilcox. There Is
much bittTnefs against her among the
Domo'-rats. who Iiopcd that, even If they
r.A roi elect their man. they would at
ifast so divide the native vote that Wil
cox would bo rtchind Parker.
The independent native party liar car
ried rri<? House of Representatives by a
; nrge rr.ajrrlty. They will have fourteen
nf their men In the house, with nine Re
publican* and six men who are independ
ent and Democratic. In the Senate there
will be seven Republicans, eight Inde
pend«?nt« ! and one Democrat. With the
independents Ea control a lively session 1*
expected, as they are against the ruling
r«-?ime and will give Governor Dole plenty
of opportunities for vetoes.
It is likely, as a result of the election,
that Congress will be asked to establish
(=otne limitation* upon the voting privilege.
The natives have won upon a race divi
sion, and now many of the whites want a
property qualification for voters. It is ar
eu*6 that In 'voting upon a simple color
line many of the natives have shown
themselves unfit for universal suffrage.
The returns, which are not* quite com
ri^te. shorn* Wilrox sixty-nine votes ahead.
The precincts to be heard from are ex
pected tn slightly increase this plurality.
Wilcox has S&2 votes. Parker 3563 and
Prince David 146$. Wilcox carried every
island but Oahu. where (Honolulu is. with
ts Jarge white population and with a ma-
Jority of the more educated natives. The
island of Kaual gave more votes to Wil
cox than to Parker and David combined.
The most encouraging feature to the
whites of both parties is In the fact that
the Wilcox majority is so small, which
shows that very many of the natives have
divided upon other than race lines. If all
the natives had cast Wilcox votes his
majority on each of the Islands* would
have been much larger than It is. Prob
ably a third of the native population wa3
aligned with the American parties, and It
Is thought that the future will rapidly in
crease the proportion.
The present prospect is that the Con
gressman-elect will be utterly Ignored by
the commercial and other Interests of the
Islands. It Is said that Samuel Parker
will go to Washington in any event, and
that, though he will have no official title,
he will look after Hawaiian Interests
there.
Al! the newspapers here deeply deplora
the election of Wilcox. The Star says
that the Chamber of Commerce should
send a man to Washington to look after
the Interests of Hawaii, declaring that th?
Territory cannot get the representation
It nerds from the man who has been
elected. The Republican says that Hawaii
li? disgraced by the election of an adven
turer and bigamist as her first delegate to
Congress and intimates that the result
of the election puts a strone argument
In the possession of those who favor re
striction of the franchise. The Advertiser
has many times referred to this posi-
leaving his money, and he made us promise to
keep it «ecret.
He told me to take it to my fath»r and tell
him to keeo It for him. and I d!d. It was
kept by my father in a tin box until a short
time before his death, when he save !t to m».
I do not think my father knew of Blytfce's
death up to the time he died. After Blyth*
sot so wealthy we did not hear so much r,t
him. I was s«nt to prison not Ions: after th*
data of Blyrhe's death, and I never heard c?
it until about two and one-half years ago. I
was doing a second terra in Auburn then.
Since my release Ik April I have sent copies
of the will to two of the beneficiaries, but th-v
seemed to take no stock In it because of th«
two names of the- testator and because I km
an ex-convict.
Mrs. Florence Blythe-Hlnckley-Moore.
who seems to be threatened by Hrrffner'9
proceedings, is said by her friends In Oak
land not to be worrying about them.
his last will and testament in the presence of
us, who In his presence, and at his request
and In- the presence of each other, have sub
scribed our names as witnesses.
JACOB H. HAFFNER.
JOSEPH BLOW.
Haffner seeks to recover $30,000 under
the will of Charles H. Pearcy and also
$30,000 from the Blythe estate, which, he
claims, was willed to Charles H. Pearcy
and should fall to Haffner as residuary
legatee under the Charles H. Pearcy will.
The new claimant, in turning over the
papers to his attorney. E. B. Southworth
of 129 Broadway. New York, made the fol
lowing statement:
I was in 'Frisco In 1SS1 with Joseph Blow,
who lived tn Los Angeles. OU.. a cousin of
Blythe. The old man was quite til at the time.
He pot his cousin and me to draw up the will.
He did not want any one to know how he was
THE MAKER OF THE MILLIONS. HIS LEGALLY ADJUDGED HEIRESS
' AND THE FORMER JAILBIRD. WHO HAS TURNED UP WITH AN
. ALLEGED WILL.
bilityif the natives insisted unon drawing
the color line and It agrees as to the in
competency of Wileox to represent Hawaii
at the national capital, while ihe Buile
tin refers to the election of t-« Royalist
as a startling and deeply disappointing
fact.
Robert W. Wilcox Is very well known
to all people who are familiar with Ha
waiian history. He was a conspicuous
* characters In several revolutions, and has
»been a political worker since he was flrst
sent to the Legislature in 1SS0.
Wilcox was born on February 15, ISoj.
. at Honuaula. Maul. His father was
William S. Wilcox. a sea captain of New
port, R, I., and his motner a native
woman named Kalua. The father Is still
living on Maul and Is 85 years of age.
Robert Wilcox was educated at the Ha
leakala boarding school on Maul and
when 25 years old was elected -o the Leg
islature from Wailuku district.
The Congressman-elect was one of a
party sent by King Kalakaua to Italy t<»
study in the schools there. With Caesar
Celso Moreno. Hawaiian Minister of For
eign Affairs, Vho is now in Washington.
Wileox went to Turin, Italy, where he en
tered a military school. He remained
there till 1S87.
Wilcox was married In Italy to tho
Princess Victoria Colonna di Stlgllana.
daughter of Baron Lorenzo Sobrero. In
the latter part of 1SS7 he went to San
Francisco, where he was in the employ
of the Spring Valley Water Company, iu
the surveying department. In the spring
of 1SS9 he returned to Honolulu alone, hi*
wife going back to Italy.
In the revolution of July. 1SS9. when tho
new constitution under Kalaka.ua was pro
mulpated, Wilcox took a leadinr part and
he is also credited with having: been -a
leader In the abortive revolution, which
was for the purpose of placing Lllluoka
lani on the throne before the' death of
Kalakaua. A native jurv acquitted him
after the failure of this plot.
The national reform party 'sent WUcdx
to the Legislature from Palama In 1S90.
and he was elected again from. Koolauloa
In 1892. The- revolution of 1893 found him
acting with the royalist element.. After
the overthrow of the Queen he was In
command of the- natives that for a time
seemed likely to give battle to the revolu
tionists. They did not do so, however.
In the revolution of 1853. when an at
tempt was made to restore <*.ueen Lillu
okalanl, he was again a leader. This time
he was arrested and imprlsoneu for about
a year, after which he was pardoned' bv
President, now Governor, Dole.
Wilcox's second marriage was contract
ed soon after the last revolution. A decree
of divorce had been applied for In Italy
and it is claimed by Wilcox that he was
notified by the Italian Consul her* that
the decree had been Issued, before tho
second marriage took place. On the other
hand, it ha* been claimed by his enemies
that he was guilty of bigamy in contract
ing the second marriage, and this has
been made the basis of a statement that
he would be thrown out of Congress a3
was the Mormon Roberts.
The present Mrs. Wilcox was Theresa
Owana Kaohelelanl, descended from
Kemia. the father of King Kameha
meha the Great.
A WEEK ago there was published
In The Call a special dispatch
from New York that one Jacob
J. Haffner had turned up in that
city w'.th letters and documents
which might clear up the mystery of the
late millionaire Thomas Blythe— who, he
says, is James Hey Pearcy— and tear from
Mrs. Florence Blythe-Hinckley-Moore, the
Blythe heiress, all she had left after the
lawyers Rot through.
Haffner, from his own confession, is a '
jailbird with n record of fifteen years*
time done in various State prisons. In
fact, lie was only released from Danne*
mora (New York) prison last April, ac
cording to advices that have Just reached
here with his photograph. Ho then went
to Chicago and produced what purported
to be the last will and testament of
James Henry Pearcy:
la the name of God. Amen! I I, James Hey
Pearcy, otherwise known as Thonins H. Blythe.
of the city of San Francisco, in the State of i
California, In the United States of America,
belnir of sound mind and mcraorj 1 , and having
In view the uncertainty of this frail and transi
tory life, do therefore make, ordain, publish
and declare this to be my last will and testa
ment, v!z. :
F1rst-I direct that ail my lawful debts and
funeral expenses be paid out of my estate.
Second — I jive, devifi* and bequeath to my
friend. Mr. John M. Francis of Troy, N. Y
$18,000.
Third— I grlve. devise and bequeath to my.
brother, Mr. Charles Pearcy of Chicago, 111*
JGO.COO.
Fourth— I give, devise and bequeath to Mr.
William 'Bousteel, or his heirs, of East Otto
N. Y.. $10,000.
Fifth— I give, devise and bequeath to Mr.
Michael Oberst of Syracuse. N\ Y., S10.0CO.
Sixth— I give, devise and bequeath to Miss
Clara J. Fisher of Mllford. Mass., $25,000
Seventh— I (jive, devise and bequeath to the
City of San Francisco. Cal., the euro of $200,
000 to *utld and endow a college to be named
after me for the education and maintenance
of poor male orphan children, to be received,
between the ages of 6 and 10. and to be bound
out between the ages of 1* and 13 to. suitable
occupations, as those, of agriculture, naviga
tion, arts, mechanical . trades and manufac
ture*. .
Eighth— I give, devise and bequeath all my
remaining property, real and personal, to my
adepted daughter. Miss Florence Pearcy. oth
erwise known as Miss Florence Ashcroft, now
residing with her mother. Mrs. Julia Ashcroft.
at Laondon, England.
Ninth— I do hereby appoint my friend. Jacob
J. Haffner of 31 Wlllett street. New York
City, to be executor of this, my will, without
bonds. In witness whereof I have hereunto
net my hand and seal, this fourth day of
March, in the eighteen hundred and elghty
flmt year of our Lord (A. D. 1SS1).
JAMES H. PEARCT.
Signed, sealed, published and acknowledged
by the said above named testator as and for
Placer County Gives the Republican
Nominee 189 Majority as Against
1£8 for Kis Opponent in
'/¦ El Dorado. >
Special Disretch to 7h» Call.
AUBUKN. Nov. 16.— "VV. J. Lnrdner, who
represtr.ted Placer Ccunty in the Assem
bly in 159*-9 and also at the extra session
which elected Bt-nl United States Sen
ator, stands to- __ the joint Senator-elect
from Placer ar.u Dcrado counties by
one votr. The official count In Placer
County gives him 189 majority over Tabor
and ho loses El Dcrado County by just lib.
The count has been watched by both
sides and has been in the courts in both
counties. In El Dorado County thr«-e pr«
cinct otficers sealed up the tally sheet3
with the returns and in Placer Count ji the
official and duplicate tally sheet returned
to trie Supervisors showed on the race IS
for Tabor, while the footings show oniy
17. The other tally sheet, hold by the in
spector, was brought Into evidence an;l
showed 17 tallies, which v/eie counted.
Had the precinct been thrown out Lard
ner would have lost and had Tabor been
given 18 instead "f 17 it wouid have been
a tie. The district went strongly Repub
lican, but. ow!n{T to apathy among th»
leaders of the party in Placer County
Lardner ran W9 votes behind his ticket.
BRYAN CABBIES THE KLONDIKE
Straw Vote Gives ths Nebraskan
Overwhelming Victory.
VICTORIA. B. C. Nov. 1G.— Telegraphic
advices from Dawson tell of a vote taken
there on November 6. coincident with the
American elections. Tho Dawson Nugget
conducted the affair. When the ballots
were counted it was found that the coun
try had pone pell-mell forjBryan. McKln
ley was snowed under by an even larger
avalanche than that which buried Bryan
in tne I'nlted States. There wore 3337
votes polled, and of these 2404 were for the
Democratic candidate and M3 for McKln
ley.
By the terms of the election Bryan will
get the Klondike souvenir, which is now
being prepared at a cost of more than $50-\
Tho souvenir will consist of nuggets hand
somely mounted and suitably engraved.
Tho Democrats celebrated after their
victory. They paraded the streets and
cheered for Uryan. Skaguay also went
for Bryan, and Juneau. too, declared for
the Democratic nominee. The Skaguay
Alaskan, in its comments on the Dawso-i
straw vote, notes the preponderance of
Americans in the northern district. , It
says:
Bogus Letter Traced to a Son of
The fact that the northern country is being
developed by Amrricana Is again shown in the
vote cast In the Nugget's Presidential contest
in Datvton. At that contest there were 3237
votes polled. . Only American citizens were
given the right of franchise. At the territo
rial election held on October 17 for members
of the Yukon Council, after a vigorous cam
paign, tn which every effort was made to bring
out a full^vote. there Wfrs less than 1500 votes
polled. At this election British only wers
permitted ti» vote. Had there been the same
inducement to get out the full strength of
Americans It Is possible that the vote would
be 3 to 1 as compared with the flrst election.
-* •*
PROBING THE LASSEN" FOEOEBY.
Democratic Nominee.
SUSANVILLE. Nov. 16.— Sensational de
velopments are promised as a result of
the Grand. Jury Investigation into the
despicable ' attempt to defeat . John B.
Irish, Republican nominee for the Assem
bly, by sending to voters a forged letter
purporting to come from the chairman of
the Lassen County Repuolican Central
Committpp, urging then* to vote agalnat
Irish because he had obtained the nom
ination by fraud.
The local attorney to whose office tho
letter was traced has testified before tha
Grand Jury that a son of J. M. Fritter,
the Democratic opponent of Irish, came
to his office with the original letter and
asked to have typewritten copies made.
Before consenting to have the work dqne
the attorney went to Mr. Fritter and
asked If there were any trickery In It,
saying that If Mr. Heines, the chairman
of the Republican Central Committee, had
not written the original he would have
nothing to do with It. Mr. Fritter re
plied that the letter was all right.
Mr. Fritter, when charged with the for
gery, said thatthe letter was sent by a
person who has since gone to Chico. The
Grand Jury has sent to Chico for thia
man, as it considers him' an important
witness. The Grand Jury will delay its
Investigation until this witness arrives.
Temporary Triumph of Democrats.
SAN* JOSE, Nov. 16.— The Board of Su
pervisors to-day decided to capvass the
vote of Owen D. Richardson for City
Justice and Martin Murphy for County
Auditor and thus avoid the orders made
yesterday by Superior Judge a. nodes to
appear on the 23d inst. and show cause
why they have not done so. They at once
took up the work, and certificates of elec
tion will be issued to Murphy and Rich
ardson. City Justice Cobb and Auditor
Col will refuse to give up the offices, and
the officers elected to the vacancies now
filled by appointment will take the case
into court.
Democratic Supervisor Elected.
• LOS ANGELES. Nov. 16.— The official
count of ballots In this . county was con
cluded at. 10:15 this morning, clerks with
adding machines were. put at work at 2
o'clock to .obtain the totals, which will
not be known until some ume to-morrow
In the Fifth Supervisorial District, where
the contest was close, an unotuclal total
was obtained, showing the election of
Hanley (Dem.), by a plurality of 87. Th2
twenty-second constitutional amendment
for the establishment of appellate courts
has an unofficial majority of 4069 in the
county.
Barbecue for Republicans.
PETALUMA, Nov. 16.— As the result of
an election bet, L. D. Gale and J. H.
Ayers, two Democrats of PetaJuma,* will
have to serve for two of their Republican
friends, Robert Woods and -Andrew Mc-
Phall. a big barbecue. The affair is dated
for next week and .will be attended bv
the friends that the winners wish to In
vite. About one hundred Invitations have
been issued and Woods and McPhail will
do the honors at the other gentlemen's
expense.
Close Finish in the Fifth
District Senatorial ;
COMPLETION OF OFFICIAL COONT
LARDNER WINS
OVER TABOR BY
A SINGLE VOTE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 190Gv
Claims That Maker's True Name Was James Hey Pearcy and
Produces a Will Said to Be His.
*!""¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ t — ¦ i.— i I,-,-... i ... ..-I- i .¦'¦ ¦ .i I. i ¦¦¦I., ¦ fc . M — i i i ._, ¦ , . ..,„ ,,_, I., „. — » _r
STORY OF EX-GON VICT HAFFNER,
WHO WANTS BLY THE MILLIONS
3
POSTTJM CEREAL.
BAD DREAMS
Caused by Coffee.
"I hav* been a coffee drinker, more or
«!*s, ever since I can remember, until a
few months ago I became more andjnore
nervous and irritable, and finally I could
not sleep at night for I was horribly dis-
'.urbei by dreams of all torts and a
«pcc!es of distressing nightmare.
" Finally, after hearing the experience of
numbers of friends who had quit coffee
»r.d gone to drinking Postum Food Cof-
:<**. and learning of the great benetft*
hey had derived, I concluded coffee must
d* the cause of my trouble, so I got some
Posturn Food Coffee and had It mad"
•trJctly according to directions.
"I was astonished at the flavor and
:a.ne. It entirely took the piace of cof-
'*¦*. and. to my very irreat satisfaction. 1
vgan to sleep peacefully and sweetly.
My nerves improved and I wish I could
*arn every man. woman and child from
-h»> unwholesome drug, ordinary coffee. •
"People really do not appreciate or
•<-alize what a powerful drug it is and
• hat terrible effect it has on the human
5VFtem. If they did. hardly a pound of
t would • be 6old. I would never think
5f going back to coffee again. I would
tlmoet as soon think of putting my hand
n a fire after I had once been burned.
"A young lady friend of .ours. Miss
Emily Plerson, had stomach trouble for a
cng time and could not get well as long
i* she used coffee. She finally quit cof-
'ee and began the use of Postum Food
Toffee, and Is now perfectly well. Yours
'.or health. Don't publish my name."
— , Herlngton. Kans. Name "Iven
>y Poctum Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle CreeK,
Mica. __ *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The dizziness and faintness from which
iromer • iuiler may be dne to one of
several causes. But the most common
cause is dise—e of the delicate womanly
: organism J The story of Mrs. Brown.
: told in her letter below, gives a fair
example of the conditions under which
so many women work : " / had a sick
headache nearly all the time, avs so weak
around my waist could hardly bear any-
thing to touch me.
I would work a lit- &&_
tie while and then /^V^n
lie down a while" /filfVtf^ 1 '
Failing to obtain f Kf&£&»
more than ternpor- f^&Z&fi^
ary relief from her j (£&&
doctor's treatment, ly&£&>.
Mrs. Brown began J$£$ria\
the use of Doctor Omimnkai \
Pierce's Favorite jfirafTrir \
Prescription, with jfifrlagjffi \
the usual result — a fi»{*B$j§i
voritc Prescription ayn^^S^^
is the best ui?tlicine 9&ak&Z$i£f
for the cure of dis- j
eases peculiar to women. It establishes
regularity, dries offensive drains, heab
inflammation and ulceration and cures
female weakness. It makes weak women
strong, sick women well. }&£&$
"A few years «ga I suffered severely wilh
female weakness and had at times dreadful
pains,? writes Mrs. Mary V. Brown, of Crewell,
Harford Co., Maryland. "I went to my doctor,
and he £ave me medicine which did me good
for a while, but I would get worse again. I had
a sick headache nearly alt ths time ; was so
weak around my waist could hardly bear any-
thin; to touch fne. My feet would fce?p cold
and I could hardly do my work. I would work
a while and then lie down a while ; was ccra-
plettly run down. Suffered from disagreeable
discharge and also severe pains at times. After
using five bottle* of Vr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription, three of his ' Golden Medical Discov-
ery ' and one vial of Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pel-
lets, and following the advice you gave resard-
infi the * Lotion Tablets,* I can truly say that I
am cured. The doctor said it was uterine dis-
ease I had."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of i\ one -cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only, or if cloth-
bound volume is desired send xz stamps.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
SIX FINE HOUSES
ANT)
CORNER UTfV 1KH FEET FRONT OH
SCTTER STREET.
. BENTS $=0 A MO.NTH.
$25,000.
MORTGAGE OF *20lOCO CAX REMAX3T.
Corner 5fl=Vara Lot
Scott, with Fine Marine View.
Price - - only $5,000
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
5 Montgomery Street*
' For a "Cold: in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-^uinlne Tablets.: •trainers. Of course, there are ¦ some few
races where It Is claimed this or that
horse ','gets In"" too light, still time will
remedy these defects. "On opening day a.
handicap" at seven furlongs -and the In
augural purse form two exceedingly de
sirable events to contest for.
A revelation ¦ in the ' way of track-im
provements is also promised at the San;
Mateo County course. , New stables have
been constructed, until 'now over 700
horses can be housed.' A steeplechase
course Is under process of construction. -
An open paddock for use in fair weather,
J. F. Pettingill Presides
in the Judges' Stand.
Great Sport Promised.
with promenades for ladies and their es
corts, is something entirely different from
the accommodations of other tracks.
Patsy McCue. Winnie O'Connor and
George Odom, If they are 'coming to Cali
fornia this winter, cannot get here too
soon to please racegoers. John Bullman
Is the only rider of note here, and with
Coburn possibly excepted, stands in a
class by nlmself. Buchanan- became af
flicted with • "caput magnum" during- his
sojourn in Chicago,- and after trying to
ride all the small boys in the saddle over
the fence, was suspended by the officials.
He can now ride for Barney Schrelber,
and by a liberal use of the ice cap may
do some good, all-around work after the
first' of the year. Domlnlck, a diminutive
jockey\employed by Fred Cook, does well
for a lad of his weight and Inches. He la
essentially a front rider, apparently not
possessing the requisite strength to do
Justice to his mount when astride a slug
gish animal. '
In the way of capturing purses Sam
Hildreth Is making an enviable record.
"While his horses outclass to a great ex
tent the assortment here, he has been
unable to obtain very fair betting prices.
Many ! predicted . that after their hard
Eastern campaign the HUdreth horses
would train off and that Sam. exercising
poor judgment in coming out here, would
go broke. Quite the contrary, the change
seems to have proved beneficial to the
cracks of the stable, and Hildreth him
self recently remarked that his horses
were in better condition than ever before.
RICHARD DW YER
TO HANDLE THE
STARTER'S FLAG
Monday Next the Gates of
the San Mateo Track
Will Be Throy/n Open.
THE newly organized San Fran
cisco Jockey Club will assume
command of the racing situation
on Monday next for two weeks of
eport at Tanforan Park. The as
sociation, which replaces the Western
Turf Association, promises many new
features for the edification of the patrons
of the game. To begin with, there will
be a brand-new set of "officials to look
after the tortuous curves and angles that
may arise. J. F. Pettinglll. once famed as
a starter, but now occupying a higher po
sition In Eastern and Middle Western turf
circles, will preside In the Judges' stand.
He will have as his associate Ed Cole, a
prominent New York sporting writer and
a" .very keen observer of .things. Ed Power
will act as clerk of the scales, as he did
for the Western Turf Association last
season.. George Parsons, a well-known
English gentleman steeplechase rider, will
be at the head of the stretch.
Richard Dwyer, or "Dick" as he Is hail
ed, jj has been selected as starter. . : Mr.
Dwyer comes- a. stranger to this section
of the country, but < if : complimentary
press notices count for anything, he is
indeed a big man. No recall flag will be
used. ' ¦ ¦ . ' " • '
The performance for the first meeting
as arranged by Ralph Tozer seems to give
general satisfaction among owners and
TAN FOR AN IN
READINESS FOR
THE NEW CLUB
Three Successive Vic
tories Place Home Team
the .Running.
TEAM STANDING.
HANK AND LUCK
MEAN THE SAME
ON THE DIAMOND
the feathered tribe but mallards. Tha
mallards were In reality — to use the par
lance of the stage— "props" and went witn
the blind. Harry Hosmer having killed tho
same twenty-three on the preceding Sun
day. Was it wine or beer? ' ;;
<. Handball Entries.
The following handball matches will be
played 'at . the San Francisco handball
courts to-morrow: J. Kennedy and C.
Raper vs. W. Keating and R. Hogan; Q.'
B. Hayward and L. Kenny vs.VW. Fisher
and ¦ W. - Hassell : J. Ri Bockman ' and I*
Waterman vs. K. McDonough , and D. . J.
Sheehan; W. Walsh and R. Longabach vs.
H. H. LUsner and J. J. Kavanaugh; W.
Williams and' J. Lawless vs. D. Connelly
'and M. Basch : O. McDonald and . L. , Poll
dorl vs M. McNeill and L. Carralne; D.
Regan and J. Foley, vs. E. Barry . and J.
Kirby; A. McVicker and J. Condon vs. T.
Leach and T. Foley; iJ.Rlordan. and E.
Curley vs. J. Harlow and W. Magulre;R.
Llnehan and M..J. Kllgallon vs. tJ. White
and J. Collins.;-,' „'. : • ¦ . -'¦;¦ --, ¦'¦'¦ ¦¦¦:
STRONG ON THE OFFENSIVE, STANFORD'S TEAM IS A GREAT GROUND GAINER. IN THE FOLLOWING PICTURE HILL HAS COM
PLETED A 15-YARD BUCK THROUGH THE OREGON LINE FOR A TOUCHDOWN.
SHOOTERS WILL
MAKE THE BEST
OF RAINSTORM
Fine Sport Assured by Re
cent Heavy Downpour.
Sportswomen Active.
The recent rainstorm promises well for
the shooters and ill for the feathered
tribe. For the past three weeks the gun
manipulators have been praying for a
deluge and now that their fervent Invo
cations have been answered, many of
them will leave this afternoon for their
clubhouses on the marshes. | According
to the devotees of the sport, duck hunting
has not been up to the uauii mark this
season. It Is true that many have
brought home large bags as evidence of
their expertness with the gun. but they
have played In more or less good luck.
Billy Johnson was out on the Alvarado
marsh last Sunday and toppled over four
teen fine birds.
The "Black Jacks." consisting ot- Fred
Johnson. Jack Lemmer, W. C. Swayno
and Bert Wyman, returned to town last
week with seventy-five.
General Dickinson, Colonel Miles. Ed
Kolb. l»uis Barrere and Henry Wagner
will leave for Casa del Mar this after
noon, and expect to bring home some
choice ones. Their clubhouse is on the
Pearce Ranch, which is north of the
Point Reyes preserves and lying between
Tomales and the ocean.
The Canvasback Duck Club was out
last Sunday and got over a hundred birds.
Four members of the Field and Tule
Club brought home seventy-nine birds
last Sunday. H. B. Hosmer was high
gun, with forty-two, twenty-three be'.ngr
mallards. John Coleman, A.;F. Hopke
and Merten linger completed the quar
tet. '
This afternoon a large delegation of
ladles will accompany the members of the
Field and Tule Club to their new club
house at Cordelia. The well-known or
ganization has inaugurated a "ladies'
day" and the wives and daughters of the
members have been invited to visit the
place and ' see what their better halves
and fathers do when they take leave of
them on Saturdays. A duck dinner ha^s
been prepared by the keeper and thft'
ladies will be royally entertained. The
ladles will start out at 4 o'clock to-mor
row morning and ,will go out to the
"blinds" and watch the sport. They. will
be furnished with gum boots and other
clothing necessary for the trip. Among
those who are going are Mr. and Mrs. H.
L. Miller, Mr. and Mrs. L. Titus -Mr.
and Mrs. W. Bay, Dr Derby, J. J. wurt
ner. H. B.' Hosmer and Miss Anita C:
Hosmer. • x
On "Wednesday last. Fred Bushnell was
on the Cordelia ponds ; for a roc
ord. The birds fairly whizzed about him
and within an hour Fred had bagged
over thirty of various species/chiefly mud
,hens and wiretails. The keeper, realizing'
that Bushnell was getting an astounding
kijl, came to his rescue and gathered up
the birds. • To Bushnell's bewilderment
he . found twenty-three mallards . among
the dead. But on - returning, home
keeper of an ark discovered everything in
PARK COURSING
A BETTER TEST
FOR THE HOUND
Judge Grace Compares
Work on Plains With
That in the Park.
Silent Treasure escaped from the bng
jtasre car of the Modesto bound train on
Monday evening and has nnt yet been
found. It was at Lathrop that the ioa
broke loose.
GETTING READY
FOR BENCH SHOW
It is not the opportunity offered for f no
coursing that draws the leashmen to lha
plains; it is the complete variation in th?
sport. Very little of an actual course ca i
be seen by the attendants, except by th»
extremely limited few that follow on
horseback. And the real test of a hound's
merit is not brought out in the plains.
This Js what Judge Grace has to say
about plains coursing: "You hear a groat
deal about the true test of the worth or
a dog being the work it can do on the
plains. This Is not so. In fact, it is ?ar
from the truth. On the plains luck Is th.»
greatest factor in detesraining the result*
of courses. A dense stubble, a tumbril
weed, a streak of sandy soil may In real
ity determine a race. In the parks all
this is equalized. You have the sam<»
natural conditions at ail times and every
dog has an equal chance. For the naen
¦who like to ¦watch a course the park i-»
the place to see It." Yet this annuul
journey has become a fixture: deserve-llv
so. for It Is a touch of the real old spsr*
when following the hounds was a pastime
and a recreation.
Few of the followers of coursing as
seen In parks have any idea of the work
an open meeting entails upon the jud^e.
There Is no rest for him from the mo
ment he gets in his saddle unui he signi
fies that the work of the dav is over.
Then again, his eye must Le compassed on
all four points for the elusive hare must
be sighted by the judge as soon as thu
slipper. Very often a course means a
three or four-mile ride, after which thur«
la no rest, for the cavalc?de and line of
vehicles start Immediately upon his re
turn. The slipper's lot is by no mejr.s
an easy one. When the hares are scare*
as they were last year at Merced and
the first two days of this meeting at Mo
desto his particular labor Is anything hut
Joy-giving. Very often he walks twenty
minutes or a half-hour before a hare 15
sighted. Then he must work his dog 3
until they, too, catch sight of the rabbit.
Hares are not as plentiful In the San
Joaquin plains as tn former years, and; a
stake of the dimensions of the one just
completed is too large to bring: out th<*
best enjoyment of the sport. Although
the leashmen who made the annual Jour
ney this season lost none of their enthu
siasm on the third day. the majority \»-aa
more than content to return in a hurry
to San Francisco.
Coursing; men will certainly have had
a great quantity of their favored game
this week when the 12S-dog stake Is fin
ished at Union Park on Sunday after
noon. The plains meet at Modesto, easily
the most sucessful ever held, lasted three
days and kept the leashmen more than
busy from eight In the morning until six
In the afternoon. Now comes the big ICS
dog stake, containing tbe highest cUtsa
hounds. It looks as if Judge Grace va3
being punished for good work.
Entries for the Oakland Bench- Show
are coming In thick and fast and the sec
retary of the California Collie Club. Nor
man J. Stewart, has already been obliged
to revise his benching and feeding con
tracts In view of the probable excess of
the entries over the estimated total—lib
eral as that estimate was. It now seems
an assured fact that the entry will rej.ch
the 30«) mark. Among the dogs that will
be exhibited at Oakland will be the Ver
ona Kennels' winning collies. Mrs. J p
Norman's Boston terrier. Lady Mon'tez"'
J. B. Martin's great fox-terrier. Champion
Aldon Swagger, and the pick of the coast
In St. Bernards. E. Courtney Ford's Irisn
terriers will meet with worthy rivals in
Mrs. Bradley-Dyne's, team from British
Columbia, and some other noted does are
coming from the North, including Mr
Redelsheimer's Bedlingtons from Seat
tle. C. D. Nalras Is going to send down a
selection of collies from Ballston. Or and
the entry of this breed alone win be'more
than double that of Sacramento and Tan
foran put together.
Norman Stewart has succeeded In or
ganizing a kennel club in Santa Crua and
has aroused so much Interest there that
the fanciers are going to send up a strong
team to Oakland, in which there will M
ThTnew r Xh Wl 10 ?* f rom Watsonvine.
3>«« S7rtnS b t7 111 h ° ld * ShOW at Sant;l
C Ii L. ? rtn F*. the su mmer. The special
Smii^L rtloMl* * . "Shtlng bull-terrier
Jhi W m n v the opening day and
l^rff 0I VL WlU b ? 8eale<1 U P until tni»
f.^E^ LiJ he K resular das** o< b«"
tfX^ for th 6 be « n . made. The compett
v££. ,nH t^m*v nKhtlnjc 9 P« cla l» will be
?£?iL and rr wm b * Tfatched with much Jn-
t e l e *L « wlU be a r «om set apart
for the convenience of the lady exhibitors.
T£f?l y f£ n flnd a st> PPly °t stationery \
fill-* e a llbrar y. well supplied with the 1
lh- ««. Kazlnes - Handlers will meet all J
JEt £ ow ," gaUK ? -trains on the opening
vember a. Cl ° Se postIvely on No *
A m .?f tln S o f the Pacific \Coast special
committee of the American Kennel Clu!>
has been called for to-night
GREAT GOLFERS
WILL SHOW AT
SANTA MONICA
Local Lovers of the Scot
tish Game Will Hail
Laddies of Carnoustie.
SWIMMING AT
SUTRO BATHS
The qualifying rounds for the men's and
women's championships began last Sun
day on the links of the Sausalito Golf
Club. The course Is very rough at pres
ent and presents unusual difficulties, some
of the putting grounds being terraced on
the sides of the hills. The following are
entered in the ladies' event: The Misses
Mason and Findley, Miss Constance Bor
rowe. Miss Grace Martin, Mrs. Charles
Mason. Mrs. Thomas Leggett and Mrs. R.
B. Findley. In the men's evnt the entries
are: J. M. Kilgarif. Captain T. W. Mor
gan Draper. A. Starr Keeler. C. H. No-
W«. Leonard Chen*>ry, W. P. Horn. R. W.
Mason. William Borrow*. A. O. d'Arcy,
H. Clay Miller and F. B. Findley.
To-day is blank on the programme of
the Oakland Golf Club, but next Saturday
there will be men's foursomes, over
eighteen holes, medal play, with handicap.
Before the end of the month Alexander
Smith, who wap Instructor at the Coro
nado Golf Club last winter and during the
reason has been a professional at the
Washington Park Club. Chicago, will start
for Coronado. The Coronado course has
hitherto been a nine-hole one. but it will
b« lengthened to eighteen holes. "Willie"
Smith (brother of Alexander) and David
Bell of the Midlothian Country Club will
follow a week or two later and will give
a series of exhibition matches throughout
the State, "Willie" Smith and David Bell
expect to spend the first three month? of
1S01 In this State and to visit Coronado.
Pasadena, Los Angeles, Redlands. Redon
do, Santa Barbara. Riverside and Santa
Monica. In Southern Califorina. In the
neighborhood of San Francisco ihey will
play at Monterey, Oakland and Burlin
game. In the sixth annual open cham
pionship played at the Chicago Golf Ciub
on October 4 and 5 David Bell was third
and "Willie" Smith fifth, Varden and Tay
lor taking the two first places. Bell and
Smith are both from the famous links of
Carnoustle. in Scotland. Bell's score for
the seventy-two hole« was 323, and "Wil
lie" Smith's score was £$. Alex Smith
came thirteenth, with 340.
The event set down on the programme
of the San Francisco Golf Club for next
Saturday is a mixed foursome handicap,
but a£ many of the ladies will be absent
on account of the opera the event will be
deferred. On Thanksgiving day there will
be the regular handicap against bogey,
medal play, beginning at 9:30 a. m.
The San Rafael Golf Club's "best ball"
tournament resulted in R. J. Davis. 42
gross and net. and Dr. H. O. Howitt. 46
less 4-42. tielng for first place. The two
Tossed, the winner taking the first prize
nnd the loser the second. R. Gilman
Brown, secretary of the San Rafael Golf
«'lub. has been absent for some time from
the city, but returned on Wednesday. No
tvent is scheduled to take place on the
Fan Rafael links to-day, but on Thanks
giving day a tournament will be held. The
rain has softened the course considerably,
and it Is now in good condition.
The men of class B win probably hold a
pweepstakes tournament, over eighteen
holes, with handicap. The final round will
be played at the convenience of the win
r»rs of to-day's two matches, and will
probably result in a new name being en
praved on the Council's cup in addition to
the two already inscribed thereon.
The opening round of the third compe
tition for the Council** cup for men of
the San Francisco Golf Ciub was play«>d !
last Saturday, only three out of the four
couples being on hand. The winners in the
three matches, over eighteen holes, were
H. Golcher. H. B. Goodwin and S. L*. Ab
bot Jr., the absentees being John Lawson
end H. D. Pillsbury. The two last named
have tossed, and H. D. Pillslhiry having
won will enter the semi-final round this
rfternoon on the Presidio links. H. B.
Goodwin and H. Golcher are matched,
¦while H. D. Pillsbury will play against S.
L*. Abbot Jr. John Lawson being elim
inated, the contest will be an interesting
end close one. there being little to choose
smong the four contestants.
Trick and fancy spnng-board diving—
R. Stockton. F. • Clough. C.-.Harnes, J.
Bradley. P. Levin. E. Sunberg, T. Thomp
eon. R. Reynolds. F. Riding, Al Clayton,
T. Carter. F. Ralston, H. Dodson, H.
Ee^bach. C. Augustus, M. Carter, M. Car-
ZQOdy, I*. Har.lon.
100-yard race, amateurs— J. Rlngrose, P.
Springer. U. Boudln, W. McGuire. G. Kel
ber, H. Dodson, J. .Brady. G. Wallace,
L.. Hay wards. W. Cook. C. Butterworth,
R. Cordell, F. Crowder, C. Fredericks. F.
Brown. R. Riding. A. Clayton. T. Carter,
C. Kurran. - * . » <
Under water swimming contest, tub
race and high diving for boys— Open to
all. ' \
Fifty-yard dash. Juveniles— A. Springer,
F. Bain*. A. Bunberg. J. Dollar. H. Leick
en, J. Erasmy. J. Dixon. W. Stockton, F.
Clough. F. Magner. C. Donovan. J Par
eons, S Finnig&n. A. Martinez. E. Wells,
E. Egan, S. Orueman. J. Ramsey, T. Mc-
Killop, F. Wolfe. F. Manning D. Hand.
H. Croes. C. Duke. J. MackeT. C. Christ.
F. Burns. D. Kerwln. i
Following are the entries for the swim
ming races at Sutro 'Baths to-morrow:
nians. But withal the Oregon and Ne
vada teams play plucky, fast football and
make the California men fight for vic
tory and gridiron glory.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 16.—
The Stanford Varsity has been resting
from heavy work during the past week.
After the smashing game played against
Oregon last Saturday,] Coach Yost has
seen fit : to give his men a surcease from
this kind of work.
The only line-up of the week occurred
Tuesday, when the first eleven made good
gains over the second team. On "Wednes
day the Varsity squad went to Berkeley
to witness the California-Nevada game on
the Berkeley campus. Thursday's prac
tice was also light, consisting of sitrnal
work and punting. What may prove to
be the most serious loss of tho season was
the calling home of Quarterback Raltt on
account of the sickness of his father.
¦\Vcrd was received here late this evening
that the father of the Varsity quarter
back had passed away. Raitt's return
to college 'is very doubtful. Coach Yost
says his loss will be irreparable to the
team. He considers Raltt one of the best
quarters in the country. With him in
the back field or passing the ball the toam
has a confidence that the presence of no
other man In college can, give it. Should
Raitt not return in time for the Thanks
giving game his place will be filled by
either Bansbach or Erb. The latter has
had the* most experience, being sub-Var
sity quarter for several years. Bansbach.
however, is a remarkable field general,
strong in' interference and sure in hand
ling punts in the back field. His excel
lent showing in the recent freshman
game when he captained his victorious
team also stands In his favor. Practical
ly the whole team is now ready for the
final practices. The only exception is De
Forest at guard, who is still out with an
arm swollen by blood poisoning. -
Behind the line Slaker at full, Hill and
Smith, halves, are practically sure of
their positions. Lee at center has gained
the lead on McFadden by his vigorous of
fensive game last Saturday. Seeley and
De Forest, -guards; Burnett and Traeger,
tackles, and Cooper and Tommy McFad
den.ends,.will probably complete*the list
of forwards,/ The last preliminary game
of the season will be played next Satur
day\on the campus with Nevada. As the
sagebrush eleven has already played a
0-22 game with California, • this match
will be an excellent opportunity for form
comparisons. ¦ .
Commencing with next week secret
practice will be begun within the walled
oval on the campus. Tuesday's and Thurs
day's practice only will be public. This
means that the team will not leave the
campus this year for, the last few days'
practice as has heretofore been the cus
tom. •
The sale of tickets for the Thanksgiving
game commences here at 2 o'clock next
Monday. Scats will also be put on sale
at the same time in Berkeley and San
Francisco at the customary places.
BERKELEY, Nov. 16.— Much I of the
football work of the last week has upset'
calculations. California's showing against
?,?^ nCe 7^ S disappointing, but not pro
du £, tlv t of , des Pa*r- The effect of thai
fn ur,™ S r,, b H en to , spur *ri<«ron practice
to unwonted zeal. Whipple. Simpson,
a r ar H«n?' H <? p £f r ' Cadwalader, O P Ccm-
£} and £ lerce nave come ou t to
wn the coaching, and the result has
vfrtnni dls f lnc t improvement In the indi
vidual work of the men. The line, though
still unsatisfactory, is becoming more or
va S d a C^$ nou ?- The P me with Ne
vada on Wednesday revealed some serious
elownesLs and crudity in offensive play,
which was surprising after the fast ball
the Varsity has already played. The fine
men especially, advance the ball in very
poor style. i ¦ . .
.The open positions on the Varsity are
E^® h°H? tf i Ul th £& ever - R 'Sht guard is
now held by O'Toole. a comparatively
green man, who has played up steadily
past Luce and Dunbar. and now seems
likely to beat out Stow, who was. the
lavorite for that place a week ago. - A?l
the candidates are lacking in any thor
ough knowledge of their game and will
need a lot of coaching to fit them for cred
itable work on Thanksgiving day.
Left ' end will • probably go to Hudson,
who is small but very active, and has im
proved greatly in the last week. All
chances for getting Starr or Hill into the
game have vanished, leaving the only two
available candidates Hudson and Dlbblee
Captain Pringle will not try to play be
fore next Monday. He is too valuable a
man to be experimented with, especially
as no satisfactory substitute for his posi-.
tion has been developed. Castlehun has
STANFORD'S TEAM IS IN TRIM SHAPE,
CALIFORNIA'S IN A FORMATIVE STATE
almost as many faults as Pringle has
good qualities and the injuries to al» other
likely tackles leave nobody else In the
Varsity class. ¦¦¦•¦¦•• ¦• ¦ . : - i ¦ '- •
Gammon's brilliant work In the last two
games and in practice has made him as
likely a man as Duden or Mini for left
half. Minis lightness and Duden s In
juries also give him a greater advantage.
Overall and Braly are both lighting dog
gedly for fullback. The latter man knows
his srame better but does not do all he Is
capable of. Overall's work has been a
trifle erratic, but. lr. the main, he plays a
very strong game and is considered to
have wen the place.
TWO intercollegiate games is the
football programme to-day— the
University of California and the
University of Oregon teams on
the Berkeley campus, and Stan
ford and Nevada on the Palo Alto field.
Vp to date California has met Nevada
end Stanford has crossed swords w;th
Oregon, both visiting elevens falling be-
fore the representative teams of this
State's two universities. The same j-esult
is anticipated to-day as the visitors are
less experienced, lighter in weight and
younger at the game than the Callfor-
CALIFORNIA WINTER SPORTS ON GRIDIRON, TRACK, COURSING FIELD
Carter Gets the I>ecision.
.GHTCAGO. • Nov. ,16.-Kld Carter cf
That is how the teams list to-day. The
three-spasm meeting of- Uncle Henry's
luck-bestrewn nine *¦- and - the V: unhappy
champions \ has '•¦. at ' this ' late ; hour ¦ of ,. the
season, altered thef entire '.order of .things
and < placed the - Hanxmen once [ again i on
the track. ' Luck or chance may turn the
tide of championship.':,-- ,'•¦•'.. . : ¦' '
If Sacramento loses both games this
week and San Francisco should win, the
teams would be virtually tied. But here
is the rub. -"San Francisco goes against
Stockton and Sacramento against the
Dudes. The season closes on December
3, two ""weeks from to-morrow, so not
much time remains for Hank's outfit to
put a I grasp on the ¦ pennant. . It is not'
likely that the Dudes will take two games
from the champions and a happy division
for 'Frisco would be two out of three with
Stockton. -^ In the advent of 'Frisco win
ning two of the three games ' this ' week
and Sacramento losing one and , then a
week later both- teams breaking even,
there ,wlll be a hot rally on the Recrea
tion grounds Thanksgiving day, when the
Senators _ cross bats with Hanxmen for
their last game of the season.
The race for third place is the same as
ever, '. close but not torrid. :
v On s the ' local grounds to-day the home
team will line up against' Stockton in the
following positions:
Stockton.' Positions. ¦ 8&n Francisco.
Graham.. ...... .....Catcher....... Sullivan
Harper...... ...Pitcher....... FUzpatriclc
Stretb.. ...... •• .First ba«e Pa bst
Courtney..;.". ..Second base. .....Schwartz
Moore;.;... ......... .Third base.... ...... ...:.Reilly
Babbitt..;;.;:.. Short stop ;..... :..:.Krug
McCarthy ......... ...Left field.... ..Levy
McGucken ..Center field : ; .. Brockhoff
McHale ........Right field HiMebrand
George F. Whitney, tennis champion of
the Pacific Coast, wili retire from the
courts. Not because he has won racket
honors without number, not because he
holds more cups than he -has cabinets to
house them, not because he feels his pow
ers in the decline has Georjre Whitney
decided to retire once and for all from
tournament play. A physician's peremp
tory order Is the cause of It all. "Whitney
has enlargement of the hear*, superin
duced by steady, constant and relentless
tennis j)laying. This it Is that has forced
him off the active list and It is doubtful
If he will ever return to the courts for
anything but light practice games.
Whrtney, besides being coast champion
in singles, shares the right to the double
championship with his brother. Robert. In
1890 be joined the California, Tennis Club,
but was not at all prominent until 1S3.>.
He and his brother won the double invita
tion tournament at Del Monte, August
1595. defeating George de Long and
Thomas Drlscoll in the finals. On October
13, 1S95. the Whitney brothers • won the
double championship of the California
Club and in December of the same year
won the single championship. In May
1596. George and Robert defeated tbe old
time cracks, Will Taylor and Joseph To
bin. at the Burlingame Country Club In
a special match. George Whitney was
runner-up in the Pacific Coast champion
ship singles In 1S96. Sam . Hardy winning
the event. At Del Monte in September of
the same year Robert and George won the
double championship by beatine 8an>
Hardy and Tom Driscoll. -
In July ' 1S97. George defeated Sam
Hardy for the championship, after losing
the first twp sets. In 1837. Robert and
George won the double Invitation tourna
ment at Del Monte. In July, 1893, Georee
Io9t the coast championship by default
But In the following aprlng he played kt
Ojal Valley, defeating Pitcher. Bumiller
Rowan and Thatcher. In 1899 he won the*
all-comersv tournament an d championshlo
at San Rafael. July 4th. At Del Monte
h S a i ld v.? ob t rt ", ere ' h « runners-up in
the double., championship, belnsr defeats
by Whittman and Wright, who were !n
turn defeated by the Hardy brothers- Tn
1900 he successfully defended his title to
the singles championship by defeating
Sumner Hardy In three straight sets At
Del Monte, two months later, George* and
Robert won the all-comers' tournament in
coast doubles and the championshln h»
defeating the Hardy brothers In sSaJgh^
On Sunday, at the California Club the
doubles tournament for the Davis Cnn!
will be held and a large entrf !fft is «!
pected. ¦
Champion Tennis Player
Will Forego the Game
for Health's Sake.
WHITNEY MUST
RETIRE, SO SAYS
THE PHYSICIAN
• / . - ¦ ¦ . : ¦ - , ¦¦¦¦ . , - .. ... . -:-, , . ,'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBEK IT, 1900.
STARTER RICHARD DWVEK,
4
The'largest and nicest line of California
Calendars (1901) ever designed now on ex-
hibition and sale at San born, Vail & Co.'u,
741 Market r Street. - « • •1343. SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; all ages; purse. i350.
Time— H. :13; *i. :3S: H. 1:04; Ti, 1:32. Good start. 'Won easily. Second and third driving.
Wiener. C. E. Durnell's ch. g. by Salvator-Hot Springs. Lavator a shifty horse In sloppy
footing. Wyoming ran a nice race first time out. Mlllett went the overland route with
Topmast. . ' .
1344. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; ¦•lllng: three-rear-olds and up; purse. 1300.
COACH KELI-T AND "BECK- WOMBLE RESTING AFTER THE FIRST
HALF OF A PRACTICE GAME ON THE CAMPUS OF THE UNI
VERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
1345. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; all ages; Flying Handicap: purse. $500.
Time— H. =13; S. -^M: H,. 1:W4: 7 i, 1:23- Fair start- Won all out. Second and third driv
ing. Winner. Atkln & Lottridge's ch. g., by Rousseau-La Reina. Vulcala bumped by
Diderot at start. Former is not at his best in mad. Dunblane prefers a dry track.
Scratched— Mcdrine 115.
Time — To »i, riQHj to H. -Ml last S. 1:03; short *i. 1:13. Good start. Won first three driv
ing. Winner, W. P. Magrane's ch. f.. by Forefct-Nellte G. Winner Is a mudder and stood
a bard drive. Toss up between first three. Bemota not ready. David S ran away the en
tire distance In & breakaway. Bavassa has gone to pieces. Scratched— Modder 1«, Qulbo
IDC . ¦
13 4«S. FIFTH RACE— Futurity course; selling: two-year-olds; purse. $530.
1347. SIXTH RACE — Mile ar.d 'an eighth; selling: handicap: 3-year-olds and up: purse, WOO.
Time—I^ :HK: *i. :3TU: H. l:03H: Ti. 1:»H: mile. 1:44%: mm, 1:5SU- Good start- Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner. W. B. Sink Jr/s ch. g.. by Imp. ChesterSeld-
Jernle D. Ctoico received excellent handling.. Same cannot be «ald of Ran«ch'» efforts oa
favorite. He was too light to hold his mount together. Tom Calvert off badly. Scratched—
Torsi da. 1C0. ., ». -¦: •-_*'¦- - ¦ - ' -
Time—^i. :244: 4. :43»i: *«. 137% Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. F. Phil
lips &. Co.'s b. m. by Hlmyar-Lulu S. Nora.- looked fit and fought It out gamely. Mud Is
h«r forte. Daly could do nothing with Fonsovannah. He wants nlenty of riding. Fraw
ley on the Buffoon pot In thirty pockets. Scratched — Maccabee 104, Ordung 109. Amelia
Fonso 1CS. Osmond 109.
Time—U. :HK: H. :»!>; *i. 1:1T»;. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. J. Coffer's
b. h. by imp. Orrier-Ranette. Winner hard ridden from the Jump. Bob faltered last few
yards. Too far for Mainstay. Orpheus will do In cheap company some day. Gllssando
does not like muddy goingr. Scratched— The Scot 10-i. 'Left.
THROWS HOARDED GOLD
OUT OF THE WINDOW
R. W. Brasher Loses His Savings in
Efforts to Save Furniture From
Burning House.
OAKLAND, Nov. 15,-Flre broke out at
10 o'clock this evening in the rear of the
residence of R. W. Brasher. 1317 Four
teenth street. During the excitement the
family started to throw the household
furniture out of the windows of the burn
ing house. Along with a lot of bedcloth
ing went a purse containing , $230 which
Brasher had carefully hidden in a, mat
tress. Before he had a chance to get his
hidden gold the mattress had been flung
Into the street.
The loss was not discovered until the
firemen had quenched the flames. Then
Brasher aroused the neighborhood with
his lamentations. The outcries brought
the despondent roan much assistance, and
hundreds of excited treasure - hunters
joined with him In his 'search for the
money that had been thrown away.
At a late hour to-night he wag still busy
with his neighbors trying to find the purse
among tbe pile of demolished household
wares that had been hurled into the street.
Brasher mournfully declared he had little
hope of recovering the coin. The fire
caused $200 damage. It started ' from a
defective flue, :
Competing Gas Companies.
WOODLAND. Nov. R— The Eay Coun
ties Power Company's main line leaves
Woodland two miles to the west. It is
preparing to run a loop to this city and
is making a bid to furnish light, power
and heat for Y.'oodland. To meet this
formidable opposition the. local *a",
company will at once commence work of
doubling the capacity of Its present plane
SACRAMENTO. Nov. IS.— A- Peters,
clerk and steward at the Southern Pacific
Hospital in this city, is missing. , with
several hundred dollars deposited ' with
him by patients on entering the hospital.
Peters over a week ago left for San Fran
cisco with a number of patients trans
ferred to -the Southern Pacific Hospital
there and he has not returned or been
heard from. Dt. Thomas Ross, chief
physician at the hospital, says he received
word that a couple of days after his ar
rival in San Francisco Peters was found
in an Intoxicated condition in a Market
street saloon.
Peters bore a good reputation here and
many believe that he will return and ac
count for the money confided to his care
but the circumstances are such as to have
Jed the hospital- officials to Institute a
thorough search for him. Peters had an
excellent position here, and it would seem
strange, that he should have , Jeopardized
In this manner. It is fearea by , some
that he may have met toul play.
HOSPITAL STEWABD
AND FTTNDS MISSING
CINCINNATI. Nov. 16.— The : track at
Newport to-day was in splendid shape and
fast time was hung out on most of the
events. Propeller won the high-weight
handicap at six furlongs In 1:13*4. "The
first half mile waa run in 47 1 .4 seconds.
Elsie Barnes stumbled with Jockey. Mc-
Gint in the saddle in the last race and
was trampled by several horses. The
boy was sent to the hospital In an uncon
scious condition. He Is Injured intern
ally. Weather clear; track fast. Sum
mary:
One mile, selling— MIm Redwood won. Poor
land second. Little Land third. Time. 1:43U-
Five and a half furlonjfs — Nix iron. Crescent
Queen second. Hermoslie third. Time. l:09»i.
Mile and twenty yards— Chorus 9oy won.
Chanton second. Ettaolin third. Time, l:C*j.
Six furlongs, high weight handicap— Propeller
won. Guesswork . second. Se»oy third. Time.
1:U«£.
Mile and zeventy yards, aellins— Menace won.
Miss Aubrey second, Russian third. Time,
l:«ri. - /
Six furlon**. selling— Horseshoe Tobacco
won, J J T second, Earl Focso third. Time.
1:14. . . ¦
DERBY CAPTURED
BY OREGON DOG
SEATTLE, Nov. 18.— Patrons of the In
augural trials of the Pacific Northwest
Field Trials Club, who arrived in this
city to-night from "Whldby Island, pro
nounce the trials to have been the most
successful in many - re«pects which were
ever held in the West. The entries in the
derby stakes numbered twenty-two, with
twenty starters. The weather, throughout
was perfect and the decisions met gen
eral approval. Folowing are the winners
in the several events:
Derby— Flr«t." Northern Huntress, ' owned by
T. *J. A. Tledemann. .Portland. Or.: second.
Clipper ¦¦ W. ¦ owned - by ¦> C. F. ' Wilson. Elko.
Nev.; tHlrd. divided - equally between Dick
Stamboul, Frank B. Atkins, Seattle and Ta
coma. and Montez. owned by- R. B. Dyer.
South Bend.
All-age— First, Sport* Destiny, owned by X
H." Nelson. Tacoma; second. Clipper W, winner
of the second In the Derby: third. Lady,
% owned by, J.. A. Terry, Sacramento, Cal.
* All of the winning dogs are English set
ters." V'"- " '' - - : -¦-.¦;" ' ¦ ¦
JOCKEY MeGINT
BADLY INJURED
Special Dispatch ta The Otfl.
NEW TORK. Nov. 15.— Speaking o*
Richard Croker's advocacy of a purity
movement" in Greater New York, Rev.
Charles H. Parkhurst says deathbed re
pentances are always discredited. Virtue
that proceeds from fright is no symptom
of change at heart. This panic stricken
condition of Tammany's chief will only
give new vigor to concerted movements
that are being made for bis overthrow.
"Croker's proposition to co-«perate> with
other organizations of the city for the In
vestigation of the vice question is a cow
ardly bluff. I had always given him cred
it for having the courage of his depravity,
but by pretending to be virtuous he has
resigned his last claim to admiration and
shown himself to be as much of a pol
troon as he is a knave."
Bishop Henry C. Potter has addressed
the folio wincr to Mayor Van Wyck:
"I protest with all my power against the
condition of things. In which vice ia not
only tolerated, but shielded and encour
aged, by those whose sworn duty it Is to
repress and discourage it.
"I protest in the name of girl3 and their
mothers who have in them every instinct
of virtue and purity. Their sensibility to
insult and outrage is as keen as those who
live in your household or mine.
"I protest against the habitual Insult,
persistent menace and unutterable defiling
contacts to which day by day. because oi
the base complicity of the poiice of New
Tork with the lowest forms of vice and
crime, they are subjected.
"I call upon you. sir, to save these peo
ple, who in every real way are committed
to your charge, from a living hell, de
filing, deadly, damning, to whicit the crim
inal supineness of constituted authorities
set for the defense of decency and gewa
order threatens to doom us.
"The situation which confronts, us In
this metropolis of America is one of com
mon and open notoriety, and of such a
nature as may well make us a byword
among the cations of the world."
Richard Croker said to-day: 'The one
man most responsible for the existence ot
vice in New York City to-day is Dr. Park
hurst. He scattered vice all over the c:ty
and even into Brooklyn. If.it had not
been for him there would not have been
any cries for lelief from the East Side
West Side or any other part of the city. "
"Instead of discrediting the efforts "of
other people he ought to look to his own
work.
"If. however, any police captain, com
missioner or district leader is" found to be
protecting or upholding vice he should be
removed from his position and punished."
Says Tammany Chieftain Is
a Poltroon and a
Knave.
DR. PARKHURST
ROASTS CROKER
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Nov. 15,-One
of the most daring and successful es
capes on record was made by three con
victs at the State Penitentiary at Lan
sing this afternoon. The aash for liberty
for one, at least, was brief, as he fell
with a bullet through his head from Dep
uty "Warden Thompson's revolver before
he could gain cover.
The convicts— Sam Smith, under death
sentence; E. F. Estell and Ben Cravens—
during odd moments in the coal mine had
fashioned a "dummy" revolver out of
wood, covering the same with tin foil.
This afternoon the guard at the bottom
of the pit suddenly found himself looking
into the muzzle of what he thought was
a 52 -caliber revolver. At the same time
he -was commanded "hands up." Tne
guard was compelled to give the signal
to "lift up," and on reaching the top the
quartet passed the top guard unchal
lenged, the one accompanying the con
victs being afraid to give the alarm. Get
ting outside the inclosure Guard Heweitt
was overpowered and his Winchester and
ammunition was taken from him. Auer
passing another post, occupied by Guard
Murray, the convicts broke and ran.
Guard Swartz seized Murray's gun and
began firing, the fire being returned with
such effect that Swartz was severely
wounded.
Deputy -arden Thompson was at
tracted by the shooting, drew his re
volver and fired, shooting Smitb in the
head," the wound being mortal. A general
fusiuade was opened, when another con
vict was seen to fall, but his body was
drawn to cover by his '•"mrade. who is
Intrenched In a ravine. The place is sur
rounded but owing to tne misty mgut
nothing other than an exchange of shots
may be done before morning. Later re
ports from , I>a.nsing state that the two
prisoners are surrounded in a thicket
three miles west of the Prison. A fusil
lade is being carried on between the offi
cers and convicts. No one has been hit
among the posse.
Guard Surrenders at the
Muzzle of a Dummy
Revolver.
CONVICTS BREAK
JAIL IN KANSAS
DURING his stay in New York
Jockey Johnny Bullroan became
a great admirer of Terry Mc-
Govern, and in the room, set
apart for riders and their valets
at Oakland track tried one of the Brook
lyn terror's_swings on the Jaw of "Monk"
Coburn yesterday. It proved a magnifi
cent effort, for "Monk" nearly carried a
window, sash with him- in his fligtxt
through spaced — For -several minutes he
was completely "out," and when revived
asked how many mounts he had won, and
whether McKinley or Bryan was elected.
Trouble between the two riders originated
over a complaint lodged with the judges
earlier in the week by Coburn, the latter
stating that Bullman threatened to put
him over the fence. After the Diderot-
Vulcaln finish yesterday Bullman says
Coburn "Joshed" him, whereupon he be
came incensed and let go a right-hander
that made most accurate connections.
The matter was reported io the Judges,
who, after investigating the affair, sus
pended Bullman for thirty racing days.
He will not even be allowed to ride for
gam Hildreth, to whom h° is under con
tract, and during- the time the ruling Is
in effect will be excluded from the course.
This looks like severe punishment for a
trivial offense, still turf officials must see
that proper decorum Is observed among
riders, owners and trainers. .Bullman is
the star rider here with a large following
of bettors, and the whole thing is re
grettable. The severest sufferer, though,
is Owner Hildreth, who haa a big stable
of cracks, and is now left without a rider
and no available material in sight.
The track was in a very sloppy condi
tion from the heavy rainfall, confusing
the "dope" students and handicappers to
a considerable extent. First Call and
Lavator were* the only winning favorites.
Although it had been passed around as
tho real thing, as good as 14 to a could be
had about First Call, favorite for the
first event. Kiley had the mount and by
hard urging struck the wire winner, a
nose before; St. Anthony. Grey Rob Hn
ished third, alter leading to the paddock.
Lavator at odds on around post time,
only galloped to beat the Bmall consign
ment starting in the seven-furlong run
following. Wyoming made his tirst ap
pearance this season, running a good sec
ond and three lengths in advance of
Monda.
There was an awful scramble to get
aboard Fonsovannah, one of the eight
starters for the next number, a sprint
over six furlongs. J. Daly was never
able to get him even close to the leaders.
In a driving tinlsh and after she had led
from the start. Nora Ives downed Maud
Ferguson a neck on the wire. Dominick
piloted the winner.
Green Morris scratched Modrine from
the handicap, leaving only three to face
the barrier. Hlldreth's Vulcain, carry
ing 114 pounds, was installed an even
money favorite, later drifting to 3 to • 2
on a report that he was not partial to
muddy tooting. The two-year-old Dide
rot, with ninety-eight pounds and Coburn
in the saddle, made the running, and hold
ing the favorite safe at all stages, won
ridden out by a couple of lengths. Dun
blane showed to be no webfoot horse.
For the first time at the meeting "Billy"
Magrane's colors were seen to advantage
In the selling scramble, decided over the
Futurity course. He started Nellie For
est, a blocky chestnut miss, and catch
ing Screenwell Lake at the paddock, de
feated the favorite by a head. Dominick
riding a well Judged race. .. Dangerfleld
ran third.
Essence, the Burns & "Waterhouse entry,
carried the big coin bet on v the result of
the closing mile and a furlong run. Rio
Chlco. the second choice, was never
headed, while Colonel Root passed the
stand ahead of the favorite for place
honors.
Track Notes.
It seems to be in the cards . for Coburn
and Domlnick to ride, winners. « Each
piloted two winners yesterday.
J. Miller, who rode Dangerfleld. came
out here with the ? Schorr stable and
it was his first appearance. There Iwaa
quite a play, on the colt at erood odds.
Nearly every book in the ring lost from
$1000 to «S00 on Thursday. Yesterday the
play was lighter, still most of the pencil-
ers recouped a portion of their -losses.
Following are to-day entries:
First race — Six furlongs; tnree-year-olds and
upward; selling.
126" Trevathan M 1312 Garbo 101
1163 Katie \Vo!cott..l04 ' 1333 Un Cadeau...... 9S
1J13 Dolore 103! 1C*O Harry Thatcher 9$
1074 Naples 1C3| 1142 Jolly Briton S8
1»S« Inclndlator ....lWj 1J24 Spike 93
Second race— Futurity course; two-year-olds;
purse. -
.... Ben Magln. «3j(lJJ3)GoIden Age 118
Hi Corn Cake 107-1333 Argot 107
1325 Billy Lyons l«i
Third race— Seven furlongs: three-year-olds
and upward; purse S10OO; Golden Gate selling
stakes.
1ST) Asian 105 <133S)Pat Morrlssey.. 97
U334)Horton 100 1335 Torsina 103
Fourth race — One mile and a sixteenth; three
year-olds and upward; Alameda handicap.
1332 Locochee 97 973 The Lady 1W
(lri)GonTalon Ill 1332 Grand Sachem.. 90
1332 The Bobby 94 1315 Malay 100
Fifth race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
1316 Decoy ICO 13C7 CUrando 105
1325 Mocorito 1C3 1335 Pompino 115
.... Hermoso IK 1334 Loconomo 106
13:? Mike Rice 1C-S 13W High Ho« 103
13D Boundlee 93 1239 Imperious 105
SUth race— One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward: »elllng.
1341 Proclamation .. 95j 1S09 Barney F 91
1337 MontaJUde 104 13M Sybaris 101
133> Alicia 101 1 1330 Canejo 87
1326 Ringmaster ....104; 1334 Mary Kinsella.101
13C9 First Shot 9S( 1333 Tirade 110
1333 Uarda 107{ 1330 Morella K
Possible Winners. .
First race — Harry Thatcher, Dolore, Un Ca
deau. -i-i-y
Second race— Golden Age. B«n Magin, Argot.
Third race — Pat Morrissey, Torslna, Asian.
Fourth race — Goafalon. Malay. The Lady.
Fifth race— Mocorito. Imperious, Pompino.
Sixth race— Tirade. Barney F, Ringmaster.
By F. E. MULHOLLAND
Pensions Granted.
INTERESTS' THE COAST.
PostoSce Appointments and List cf
WASHINGTON. Nov.- IS.— Postmaster
commissioned: Washington— Clarence G.
Morris, Rainier. Appointed: California—
J. \V. Moore, Undine. San Joaquin Coun
ty, vice F. P. Bell, removed. " Oregon — W.
C Plckens. DiUard. Douglass County,
vice S. L. Dlllard, resigned. Washington
—Starr Ballard, Barron, whatcom Coun
ty, vice M. S. Story, resigned.
Pensions issued: California— Original-
Richard A. Scurr. Santa Clara. JS; Clark
Dill, Willows, ?«5: William J. Wisdom,
Hanford. $6. Additional— Matthew How
ard, Veterans' Home. Napa, $10. Renewal
and increase — Milo T. Mason, Los An
geles. *10. Increase — Albert Joseph, Veter
ans' Home, Napa. $S; John Mangin, San
Rafael, J10; James Gardner, boldiers'
Home. Los Angeles. ?10. Original widows
—Eliza A. Davis. Stockton. Ji; Elizabeth
E. Johnson. Corona. $12. — —
Oregon: Original — Joseph Decker, Wa
mlc, $6: Willis D. L. Palmer, Portland, $5.
Washington: Original— William Young.
Mossy Rock, U; Henry Room, Olema, $s;
James Coverly, Spokane, PL Increase —
Joseph L. Reed, Soldiers' Home, Orting,
$10.
m
DZCLAEES THE HUMAN
RACE IS DEGENXBATTNG
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 15.-
Dr. J. H. Kellogg, Burg€on-ln-chief of the
Battle Creek Sanitarium, lectured on col
lege athletes to-day in the university
chapel. Dr. Kellogg Introduced statistics
showing that the human race is degener
ating at a rapid rate physically. Lunacy,
he said, had increased 30") per cent. :
"Modern civilization," said he, "do*3
much to increase the physical degenera
tion of the people, who are getting wiser,
but weaker. The average man of to-day
is not e<iual to the stronz man of one
hundred years ago. A great majority of
the people, and especially students, have
curvature of the spine."
Continuing, he said that many football
men were not physically strong because
they broke off training so suddenly at
Thanksgiving. Study did not hurt any
one, he said, but it was the sitting eo lon<
in one position.
— — r — ' *
Boy Crushed to Death.
S.Of JOSE. Nov. 16.— A frightful acci
dent occurred at the Guadalupe quick
silver mine, a couple of miles west of Al
maden, shortly after 6 o'clock last even-
Ing, In which Fred Cunzle. the engineer,
lost his life. Cunzie. who was only 17
years of age, had been oiling the shaft.
In some manner a set screw caught in his
clothing and he was whirled off his feet
and dragged into the machinery- Parts
of his body were crushed to a pulp. Both
of his feet were severed. The dead boy
was a nephew of Superintendent Cunzie
of the mine, and had been employed about
iue place for some time.
Reception to Ntvr Pastors.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 16.— Three - new
pastors have recently taken charge of
churches In this city— Rev. J. R. Knodell
of Oakland, the Congregational; Rev. C.
C. Herriott of St. Paul, Minn., the Pres
byterian, and Rev. E. D. Mccreary, the
Methodist. This evening at the Congre
gational church a reception waa ten
dered these three clergymen, under the
auspices of the youns people's societies of
the city.
DENVER, Nov. 16.— Joe Gans of Balti
more knocked out Kid Parker of Denver
in ihe fourth round of what was to have
bttn a 'ten-round go before the Colorado
Athletic Association here to-nlsht. A
sharp right hook landed under Parker's
leit tar uuished the battle and was placed
so Quickly that the sptetators could not
reatla« uiat Parker naa oeen hit. He
seemeti to have been seized with an at
tack ot" L.liiia staggers, and after being
counted out he arose to his feet slowly
iinu groped his way around the ring until
oite vi. iiis sctunua in led mm in his arms
a.ua c&rneo turn to ins corner. Atter ne
nau recovered sumciirntly to move unas
sisieu ne inquired ot neicree George Slier
if he had been counted out and was wiyi
ulum.Uio uutinua or me irutn. Parkers
managtr and chief second, liniy Edwards,
as^ertea mat fciler nad counted unusually
fast, and tnat in rtality but six secunos
ui time i:ad elapsed wnen Siler declared
ParKer out ana awarded the contest to
uans.
The men weighed in "this afternoon at
3 o'clock, Parker tipping tne beam at 1S2^
l>ounds and Gans ut i&S^. Both men
looked in gooa condition, though Parker
appeared a little too tineiy trained.
At nrst Parker appeared nervous and
sparred cautiously, uans tried to draw
him out and s*nt him to the floor twice,
once with a. straight leit to the jaw and
again with a itit swing to the same place,
iii the second rcuna uans wauea and
Parker tried several swings, wnich were
peatly biockea. fa.rK.tr men smashed his
right into Joe's booy several times and
got right and leit swings to tne head,
ihis success gave him courage anu lie
rusntd Joe, «no uppercut him hard on
tne jaw as they clinched. There wajj
sHarp innghung, loliowed by clinches,
Parker complaining to the referee that
Joe was holding him. Parker started otf
in the third d> swinging hard on Gans'
head with his right ana Gans split tne
Kid's ear with a vicious left swing. Joe
swung right and left to Parker's head
as they worked toward the latter's cor
ner, joe then uppercut Parker on the
stomach and swung his right to the Kid's
ear. ParKer tried to clinch and received
a hard r:ght uppercut on the jaw. In a
mix Gans landea right and .lett on body
and Parker countered hard over the
heart, which made Gans wince. Parket
put his right hard to Joe's jaw as they
uroke from a clinch. Joe returned the
compliment and both landed hard over
each other's heart as the gong sounded.
Cans began the fourth witn a right over
the heart, following: witn a left to the
jaw and a right to the head. A light left
to forehead and right to head by Gans
and a hard left by barker to Uans' stom
ach followed. Cians put his left to the
Kid's head and right to body, and block
ed a ternnc left-aimed blow at the jaw.
There was an exchange of body blows
and Parker swung right to shoulder, Gans
countering on body. Joe then swung his
right to the Kid's head and Parker put
two hard rights on the jaw, which made
Joe cautious. They mixed it up, neither
appearing much damaged and were spar
rmg when Joe hooked his right under
Parker's ear, putting nim down and out.
The blow was sent in so quickly that
few besides Referee Siler knew what
had happened to the Kid. and there were
inquiries from all sides as to what was
the matter with Parker, many thinking
that he had been overcome by vertigo.
KID PARKER
GOES OUT IN
THE FOURTH
Joe Gans, of Baltimore
Proves More Than a
Match for Denver JYian.
AND ON MARSH, TENNIS COURTS AND GOLF LINKS
"KING" KELLY IN
HIS DAILY WORK
JOCKEY BULLMAN
A KNOCKER-OUT
Trunks and Valises.
We buy trunks by the carload. That'?
why we sell good trunks at reasonable
prices. Suit cases, valises, traveling bags,
coin purses and pocketbooks in our
Leather Goods Department. ¦ Banborn.
Vail & Co., 741 Market Street. •
LONDON, Nov. 16.— At the second day's
racing of the Derby November meeting
to-day the Derby cup of 2>.«0 sovereigns, a
handicap for three-year-olds and upward,
one mile and a half, was won by C. Mor
bey'g Innocence. Second place was taken
by Sir E. Vincent's Syerla and D. J. Jar
dtne'B Refractor with "Johnny" Relff in
the saddle, was third. Twenty-one horses
rar
The Vampire Association Football Club
will play the first match of the season
th's afternon on the Presidio athletic
grounds, the klckoff being at 3 o'clock,
W. P. Humphreys will be goalkeeper, H.
V. Turner and J. D. Robertson will play
fullback: J. B. Duggan. John McGaw and
A W Wilding- will be the quarterbacks,
while the forwards will be selected from
the following named: H. C. Casidy, W.
Jemieson. R. L Buckley. \V. Bishop, A, F.
Chamlx-rf. A. B. Willis. L. E. Wallis and
L. P. Williams. The opposJnp team will
be selected by the Rev. A. B. I*. Karney.
chaplain of the Seamen's Institute, from
the apprentices on board the British ves
6*1 s now In port.
INNOCENCE WINS
THE DERBY CUP
Another Australian pugilist arrived oa
the steamer Mariposa yesterday. Otto
Cribb, a descendant of the famous Eng
lish tighter, has come r.cre to show Amer-
Jctcs what he knows about boxing. Tom
James, who brought Prter Jackson. Bob
KJtrsirarsons. Billy Murphy, oriffo ar.d
Jjalf a dozen other pugilists from the Anti
podes, has Cribb in charge.
Speaking about Cribb's departure, the
Sydney Referee says:
As Otto h*» decided to leave us. sood luck
to him l r -T fee's a ftc-ter to the core, antj a
U*r. who'll take a heap of beating and eerve
•ut a deal cf punishment before he goei under.
It i* too much to expect that hi* nccrareil
career will b» unstained for a very lor.g time.
but. iad«in*r from what we know of hits, the
irizn h* fc*J> to knuckle under to rsu*t be well
up in the charnrion el*es. None cf ccismon
or canJ«i variety cf pug are likely to bring
*bout Cribb's downfall.
Cribb can fight at 130 pounds, but his
favorite weignt is 135 or a little over.
VAMPIRES WILL
PLAY FOOTBALL
The Olympic Club will hold its annual
curing and games en the first Sunday in
Deceir.bc r. In former years the members
have he'.d their celebration at "Escalles,"
near Cort* Madera. but this year the out
ing vfll be held en the beach about a half
mile Ircir. the Ocean House.
George J.imes. the club captain, ha* the
affair in har.d itr.d is making every effort
to have in» out;r.e surpass any previous
cr.e cf its kir.i. He Is receiving able as
fistir.c* from James Coffroth and Jack
Cunningham. It is the intention to lunch
on the b<;ach to the accompaniment of
the •wild waves and vagaries by the club
talent.
Or. Saturday nex* the Olympic Club will
throw open its building from 2 to 6 p. rn.
for the inspection by icernbers and In
vited ru^pts. There will be music and ath
letic performances during the afternoon.
The object of tl>e opening is to enable the
friends of the club to see for themselves
the lar?*- improvements which have been
made for the i:s* and convenience of its
members. The club now boasts of a com
plete Turkish an<i Russian system and a
csJt water ar.-1 fresh water system for
bathing. Handball courts ar.d a very
tindsom* and luxurious red hall have
been added to the ether conveniences.
FIGHTER CRIBB
IS IN THIS CITY
OLYMPIC CLUB
ANNUAL OUTING
The Dcgpabl Swimming and Bcatir.g
Cl'-b at its last meeting arpointed the fol
tcwlr? r.oniir.aur.s committee to prepare
the regular ticket: J. S. Earles. T. R. Dix-
DO. J. Laib. H. Perani and E. H. Coney.
Ti:* anr.uai tar.q-jer cf the club will be
held is the second week of January. The
club is in a f.ourishing condition, having
a full list of eighty members, with four
waiting for admlss.on. A new piano has
bees placed ir. the clubhouse and an order
for a nsw outripged skiff ha-s been placed
with Davey. the beat builder of Cam
bridge. Mass. During the winter ladles'
nights for members and their friends will
be giver: at th<? clubhouse. Next season
George Baker. E. A. Krsgr.ess and Lester
Hamrnersnuth will take up shell rowing,
ar.d A. W- Pape will probably i»ave the
ranks cf the amateurs. On Sunday, the
23th ins-t., there will be a race in figs
rarr-.'lr.g cockswains. T. Ferguson ana F.
Woernrer ir.anrir.g one of the boats and
E. H- Coney ar.d H. Perazii the other.
To-morrow a party of Dolphin oarsmen
win row from the clubhouse at the foot
cf Var. N^ss avenue to Hunters Point in a
pleasure targe.
The anr.ua! entertainment cf the Ala
m*da Beating Club in Armory Hall. Ala-
Keca. was highly successful and added a
goodiy sura to the resources of the club.
some improvements will be made in the
clubhouse and its equipment-
No w that boating has been vigorously
up by the University of California,
t i* likely that the merits of Oakland
I"reek as a. course for rowing races will
ittract more ger.«ral attention. If shell
owing is ever to become popular among
he oarsmen who live on San Francisco
1*Y. a re2_sor.aMy fsooth co-arse, free
rom strong winds and lumpy -water must
;« found. Out in the open bay no such
?our*e Is to be obtained on summer af
ternoons, when races must take place.
is crews and sir.gle scullers cannot prac
iee during the short days of winter. Oak
arid Creek is sheltered from the full force
Df the wind. and. owing to its compara
tively small area, is tolerably smooth
svesin rough weather.
ROWING MEN
ADOPT SHELLS
SAN JOSE. Nov. 16.— A football game
was arranged to-day between the Uni
versity of California and the State Nor
mal School of this city, to be played at
Cyplers' Park here to-morrow. The Berke
ley team will include mwf of the players
who will take part in the Thanksgiving
game with Stanford. The Normal School
team, which is stronger this year tnan
usual, is planning a series of games with
the Orejron and Nevada universities.
Santa Clara College. Chlco Normal,
Berkeley and other teams.
STANFORD TJN'IVERSITT. Nov. 16.—
Contrary to the usual practice, the Stan
ford football players will not leave the
university for secret practice this year.
The plan which will be followed is to ex
clude all visitors from the evening prac
tice, beginning next Monday. To-mor
row's game with Nevada University will
be the last frame Stanford will play be
fore Thanksgiving.
On Thanksgiving night- the Stanford
students will attend ihe performance of
"The Singing Girl" at the Columbia Thea
ter, in San Francisco. The whole house has
been reserved for them. Tne Stanford
"rooters" have adopted a red Tam
O'Shanter cap which they will wear dur
ing the Thanksgiving game.
— . »
WILL MEET THE
BERKELEY TEAM
SAN JOSE, Nov. IS.— The show of the
Santa Clara Valley Poultry and Belgian
Hare Club is being well attended and a
number of poultry and hare fanciers from
various parts of the State are present.
The exhibit is the best ever seen here.
Silver cups ha.ve been awarded to the fol
lowing for best displays in the various
classes:
BArred Plymouth Rock*, I* N. Cobbledick:
White Plymouth Rocks. C G. Hinds; Ilufit
Plymouth Rocks. Baft Leghorns and Seabrtrht
U&nt&ms. L. E. Brainard; Light Brahnias. T.
E- Maion; White Leghorns, Brown Leghorns
ar.d Black Mlnorcas. Senta Teresa Poultry
Farm: S;iver-spanrl«l Hamburgs, Brigg* Poul
tr>- Farm; Partridge Cochins. Mrs. H. O.
Byerly; White Cochins. Black Cochin*. Bu2T
Cochin*.. ee**e and turkeys. Mies T. B. C.
Sielcken: Houdans, W. P. Lyon; White Wyan
•SottM F. Fcrbei; (Sucks, W. S. Childs.
Mies T. B. C. Sielcken of CaJistoga. a
!3-y ear-old girl. captured the gran«l
sweepstake silver cup for the largest and
best display, having ninety entries in the
show.
STANFORD TEAM'S
NEW DEPARTURE
NEW YORK. Nov. 16.— While Jeffrtes
was telling: his friends' in New Tork to
day that under no circumstances would
he ever fight Ccrbett again, the latter
made an announcement in Chicago to the
effect that arrangements were being made
for another battle with the champion.
Jeffries justified his refusal to box Corbett
by saying that he cannot afford to injuie
his reputation after the McCoy scandal.
PRIZE WINNERS
AT POULTRY SHOW
"I would rather lose the purses in tt\s
two fights I am taking on," added the
champion, "than to have either of them
spoken of as was the Corbett-McCoy
tight."
Among other things about his alleged
match with Jeffries, Corbett said: "If 1
meet him in the six round bout in Chicago
I trill force the fighting from start to fin
isn. There will be little foot work or run
ning away with me, for I intend to go at
him from the tap of the gong and will
only use my foot work when it is posi
tively necessary."
Gus Ruhlln, at Mahanoy City, Pa., to
day signed articles to fight with Jeffries
after amending them so as to read, "The
referee shall interpret the rules."
?
Though the San Mateo Hunt Club will
not settle down to the regular work of
the season until a heavy and continuous
rain shall have softened the hard ground,
there will be meets every Saturday and
public holidays. This morninp at 9:30 the
members of the Hunt Club will breakfast
at Moormead, J. J. Moore's place at Fair
Oaks, and will take a run afterward.
Next Saturday the hounds will meet at
the same place at 2:30 p. m. and will run
in a southerly direction, the return being
made by train- On Thanksgiving day th-j
pack will be laid on at the Burlir.game
Stock Farm. Frank Carolan, the master
of the Hunt Club, is at present in the
Hast, but will be back m California in
the tlrst week of December.
The kennels which were burned down
a few months after their completion have
been rebuilt and are in good order. The
pack if in charpe of Huntsman Keating.
Five couples, sent out from Ireland by-
Mr. Burke, are on their way to Cali
fornia. To these Irish-bred hounds will
be added eight or ten couples of American
breeding brought by Frank Carolan. The
pack is considerably in need of new
blood, ha vine been lnbreu too much, and
several of the hounds being too old for
fast work. Keatlng-'s experiment in cross
ing American fox hounds with English
bred bitches did not turn out very well.
He has, however, some handsome pup
pies, six couples of which are already be
ing: hunted. The attendance at the meets
is light at present, ar.« the members will
not turn out in full force until the going
-s easier for the horses.
CORBETT WANTS „./
TO MEET JEFFRIES
HUNTERS AWAIT
SOFTER GROUND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1900. ?
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK. FRIDAY. November 16. -Cloudy. Track sloppy.
1342. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse. J30O.
5
I |Po.|
Index j Horse. Age,' Weight. Fsti St.
U.
H.
fitr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
, Betting ,
Op. Ht. Cl. PL
13<J3 Lavator. 4 112
(1191) Wyoming-. * 11"
107S Monda. * 117
1334 Topmast, a 111!
1307 jFannle E, a U2|
1
3
5
4
2 31
1-11
5 33
3 4 a
4 5
1 2
2 H
31
4 4
5
1 3
Z 4
3 2
4 4
5
1 4
2 3
3H
4 10
5
Cobura
H. Shields..
Mounca .,..
Milieu
Vtekery ....
1
5-2
8
5-2
1
5
10
15-5
ICO
7-H 1-3
I «-S
11 5-3
l«-5 1-10
100 12
iPo.l
Age, Weight. Pst SL
U.
%..
Str.
Fin. j
Jockeys.
, Betting ,
! Op. Ht. CL PL
Index j Horse,
1153
ltSS
133T
13«
IMS
1313
1330
IXora Ives, 4 109[
iM'd Ferguson. 4.1CS
ll Don't Know, a. 113
Fonsovannah, 5..1C9
Mountain Dew, 4.109J
Fre« Pas?. J 104
The Buffoon. 3...1CH)
IGoId Finder. 3...104;
7 4
3 2
5 5
4 T
6 8
5 tS
2 3
1 1
lh
2 3
3 3
6 5
7 3
S
5 1
4 1
1 2
3 4
5 2 •
7 5
S
6 3
4 1
1 H In (Dominick .. 4
2 3 2 3 Coburn 2
3 H 34 Dinsley .... »
•43 44 J. Daly 1-2
7 4 5 3 J. Woods... 12
5 •> H Mounce 6
6 2 7 4 Frawley .... , 3
5 \i j Buckley ....f 20
7
13-5
20
4
Si
S
4
50
13-5
20
»-2
20
4
I
I
t
i
3
1
8
1
S
5-2
T-5
15
I l p °-l
Index iHorse. Age. "WVlght-iPst'St.
*i-
%.
%.
Str.
Str.
Fin.
Fin
! 1/ Betting »
. I Jockeys. I Op. HI. Cl. PL
Jockeys.
z Betting .
Op. HI. Cl. PI.
(1321) Diderot, 2 S«t 3 1
12*2 Vuleain. 3 114 2 2
1K3 Dunblane. 3 lOSJ 1 8
1 1
2 b
3
1 a
21
3
1 2
2 4
3
1 2
2 5
3
Coburn 2 5-2 5-5 —
BuIIman .... 1 3-2 3-2 1-J
Slounce 5-2 5-2 2 —
I l Po -l
Index Hors« «nd Weight. Pat'St.
H
, Betting »
Op. HI. Cl. PL
%.
Str.
Fin
Jockeys.
13CS Nellie Forest 97 5 1
(IS!) Screen well Lake. 106 I •
.... DangerfleM MS 6 5
132? Gralter lMi 4 3
(J300) 'Galanthus l«i S 7
IT* (Loneliness 9S| 3 9
1173 'Bernota. 1€O 1 4
UISS) jDavtd S IK T 8
12U El TojMO 103 9 S
1584 JBavaasa 100 10 |10
3 h
1 H
2 I
8 ;
:
4 1
5 10
% h
10
4 2
1 1
3 1
a 2
6 1
2 "4
5 3
8
10
1 h
S n
33
4 4
5 h
6 1
7 3
8 3
9
10
Dominick ...
Fravrley ....
J. Miller
J. Wood*....
J. Martin....
Cobtrrn
Ransch -
Mounce
J. Daly
Fallehy
S
4
4
8
8
13
4
S
20
S
6
4
10
s
19
30
s
19
60
10
4
6-:
8
S
10
39
S
s
60
10
8-5
1
3
3
4
10
3
4
15
4
I ¦ l Po -|
Index [Horse, Age. Weight.! PstlSt.-
«4.
H.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys
/— -. Betting »
Op. HI. a. PL
1327 iRio Chieo. 4 iw\
1S24 Colonel Boot. 5...1<X>.
1C;7 Essence. 3 9*i
itT, Dare II. 5 — 9Z
1213 Dr. Marks. 5 SS
1^35 Tom Calvgft. 5... SO
3
4
5
1
6
4
3
5
1
S
1 2
! n
3 4
4 2
55
6
1 1
3 4
- 4 4
5 5
IS
,22
3 4
4 1
5 10 •
6
1 1H IMoune* .....
2 2 Cobtirn .....
3 H R&nsch .....
4 2 J. Mania....
¦ 5 12 Redfern ....
6 J. Walsh....
2
8
4-5
8
10
10
11-3
12
1
U
30
IS
11-5 3-3
12 4
7-10 2-7
12 S
SO 8
15 4
I IPO.
Index Horse, Age, Weight. jPst St.
H.
«i-
Str.
Fin. I
Jockeys.
, BgttlDg <
Op. HL CL PL
5T0
1306
in
13C*i
341
1310
12*4
1306
1172
603
1131
[First Call. 5 112! 6 3
(St. Anthony. 3. .104 5 *
JGrey Bob. 3 1041 9 1
(Mainstay, a ill 10 g
lOrpheus, 3 1061 4 9
Credo. 5 109 3 4
Jack McCa.b<?, 4. .109! S «
iR&cetto. 3 lC4t 7 10
Gold Baron. 4.. ..109; 2 5
Glissando. 3 Mil 7
[Delia Connors. 4.11*? 1 »
3 h
: 3
1 1
7 1
82
6H
4 h
10
9 3
5 1
4 1
- 2
1 1
7 tt
s :
5 1
6*i
9 ;
10
3H
51
2 1
1 l i
3 H
6H
4 1
5 1
9 3
10
7 1
1 ns Kltey
2 «4 Cobura
3 3 F. Klley
4 % Fallehy ....
5 h C. Davis....
6 4 Tullett .....
7 2 Domlnlck ..
S 3 Stuart
9 1 Mounce ....
18 J. Woods...
Russell
4
<
39
6
29
15
10
8
6
4
13-5 S-2 ' I
10 8 3
30 15 S
S 8 3
100 100 ?>
15 10 4
15 12 t
S 5 3
10 10 4
4 3 6-5
loo loo a
THE EMPOBTTJltt. | THE ZilPOBIXTaL
'.Itlgie*!',**.*,**!; », *» HV,»!»!W,HI5»,»',» > V^,WV J RV,»J», * **********
Grand Concert VUE BFftf IMfelfcflfllAfi ftIr * Oscar 2nav »
a * 7 : 3°* • «AUF0RNWS LASGEST-A.«1EBICV5 OK.VNDEST "sTO** Will SSlg.
// you are in . need of a new pair of opera length gloves,
we are closing cut ihe famous "fuzin S* Cie" make
at hall price 7['%
Children's Hose 14c Win* Sets 39c
Extra heavy ribbed cotton Hose; doable knees. This S-pece
heels and toes; sizes 6 to o^£; a splendid j Wine or Whiskey
big value at isc per pair; to-day, !Sct, imitation ak jfliL '
Saturday, only .' *^C j glass decantsr, 6 . S""T*
Ab.ze hose, per dj^en, $1.65. \ fisin Wo^n nnn- n
biers and sflTerine ly
— — — — — — — tray, on sale to- ti
tt* rm p» *\ ¦» #r 1 • ? i dav, Saturday, 'f _
$7.50 Mackintosh, c -?^- 39c
$4.95. war* at €nfoS£P
/ n , Lad-M* fine 57.5s least double.
•C^^TT/^Si Mackintosh; just
Vv/A\ Eke F ictoe ? wocl c : 777
*^K/ / \ y H'stt^ cotoobj, Soap and Perfume
£%?f^1^&°p. SOc Packages lor 31c.
yi 7} \\\ velvet collar, one . We have picked up at a Ettle more than
/ fs~¥ '\ \ large pearl buttons;! half their value ico holiday boxes ctjas. S.
\^£fjL * X \ \ «H sizes; navy andjKirk's favorite Scaps and Perfuses. Each
jt"^ black; regularlyjprrny box is decorated vczh elk ribbon and
1 Ve== **Y-/ 57-5 3 » t °- cl nci corii za^ contains oae bottle cf nne exsact and
1 ',' / fjf v day only. . . cake of highly perfumed scap; regu- -^
7 ' • ' A' ; liar price 50c: en els to-dav ealy., 3lC
/ / l\ $8.45 instead j 3 [
* // \ / of $12-50 for La- -;_ _~~ 1
j,. 'iV/ fr'.. sii , k - i - incd >£^5§?p^ 5L75
/C5S*/ Mackintosh; nnes: /?S - Td' «jV<9-v$\ r«l1.— tt«-
ty/Jt' TKTKh wo ° ! °^ h - f^^^^P^ Collarettes
~ niere covering; rich S^gsai XL 18
dark red silk lining, double-breasted cape as W§£?« *?%£) •**•«*•
in picture, fine large pearl buttons, inset! \^^r Oss cf tiis m-
velvet collar; an sizes; navy only; CO lei . . ffl j$ best Rvfe, Col-
reenlarlv *i 2. 50; to-dav J ja «yi
- " yi VTl lareSej, icaie of
' (Sfll J&S black liberty SCk,
Brin£ the i $j™ $&3'1 w ** t^ °* e^* «
Children To-Day I m fft ttr = aa^ wcnh
Gay Coney Island. <tuu4 ' » 5U5
The wonderful mechanical tableau prepared fat] "~~^ — ~ ~~
the holidays by the big stcre. Admission' Meil'S OverShlTtS 43C.
free. Open from S a. rn. until 10:30'
p. m. to-day. 'For Saturday only we offer two lines ot Min'i
Ovenhira, cashmere patterns in, medium
and dark e5ects, mostly plaids; these shins
vt A _f- «-,J n rtt , c » are raaie with a voks and pocket, are roll
Men s and Boys — we3 g-^JJ a gU £_
Winter StyleS gain at to-da ? 't sp«ial price, each. .. *OC
Suits and Overcoats, **- c ."T T rr; —^ M
70c on the $L00. 5125 Table Covers 93c
Our buyer's mammoth purchase whSe in New HeaT T mercerized s2k nniahed covers, I#
York a few weeks ago oi the balances of] J vdi "F" 1 *. &ia S e » for BwriM, etc.,
several prominent maau&ctBRn' winter; 4 kan^sone color erTeca, regtilar price Q -
stock. j always |i.i5; sa> price, Satarday... 7JC
Jl2. 5 oSuitS $ S.9ij -— —
J'Tsosuks 10.75 Jackets and Dresses
J17.50 Overcoaa 10.85 «_„ Oit1#I«./»«
wjs.90 suits 3.9s * or Cnilaren.
Boys* $3.00 Sai3 l.STIChUdren'i Autoisobtle f\£->>
Boys 1 5 S - 5 = Coaa - 1 9S Bot Coats; Uilor- X.^
Etc., ttc, ;tc, e:c. made c: all-wool VgEgp'^A
Covert clcth; good <^W*£T3s
»#Ml« »\ • winter wc S ht; sizes «§
Millinery Bargains tbr6 to is m «W§
for Saturday. »2J??5 $430 /^T"^
XT \. Trimmed readv-to-wear rin — *. »?-'-'¦ r\. .. / i \
V 'ivv » t -¦ ' i tJiu_*Tn s L:r.f i Dress- / %
\W\ Has, tailcr-maie style,! a rf ccIored / o gj \
, S^° nS . a<we!a^l wool material this / ; I A
f$SrWflh\ " , ""^ 1Z hBit lhl^ trimmed \ O ° ° 0 /
fpl^ggZ/ regular prices. yoke, waits and «5 \ y \5j
WJt ' " \jjy5gf' S~ z0 Hats, taHcr- — tf-i 6 to li; tj«- W^ 1 Vx ' ¦" ' ' . ' '
t®^ *T^a made style $3. SO cial for Sat- _- _ n JC^JfUjiVl^
' V ** "W^ $5-°° at! » t23or- nrday $C.J\) *' •
\^J%T made st)k . . . . . .$J.5'J _^^_
u£'L ":*:.£%¦ Pompadour Combs 10c.
"^ Trimmid Hat*jLadlej' Shell Pompadour Cxsbt; shot cr
— With drapes or bows of either taSeta s2k| long; wperioT finish; worth ooc eschj a
or silk velvet; good ornaments; regrjar- special purchase of 5005 on special 1( »
value £9.50; to-day only special at.$5.OOl sa!e to-day; each. IOC
+'*'*W*A'A'4-A'A'*V*'*'*'**A**A***'*^^^^ 'A Vl Ma* a'** A 'aa\The Los Angeles woman who eloped, covered her
relf with disgrace and now pleads the dreadful
"hypnotic" power of her tempter, evidently thinks
that insanity is more prevalent than it is in California
citici >-"
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
BI,UH ROSES-R., City. For Informa
tion about blue rosea write to Johann
Btcparakt of Kreuzanllk District, Valley
of the ItoscH, Bulgaria. - '
.CHINA PAINTINQ-M. P. T., City. You
will find It more economical to purchase
tho prepared oil and ingredients for paint-
Ingon chlnaware than to try and make
the proparations^at home.
'. A - MISSING nELATIVE-J., Buckeye,
Cal.' For information about a missing- rel
ative reported to have Leen killed by the
Boxers at 1'ekinR write ... to the -United
BtaUia Minister, E. II. Conger, at Peking
China.
OIL. FIND— A: R.. Cholame.CaL.If you'
filed a homefltewl about throe years apo
and suhsoQuontly discovered oil upon your
land that.- will not interfere with your per
fectlnB your title Uo the land. For addi
tional information address the land', office
of, tho district in^which your land is situ- ;
ated. ¦.:">-; . .
Eugene V. Debs has announced that he intends to
remain in the fight for the Presidency of the United
States for the rest of his life. This appears to be his
first definite assurance that , he is the exponent and
representative of harmless amusements.
Several adventurers, with an undue admiration for
the spectacular in ; life, have started out to, search for
an island of "gold in the- Bering. Sea. They are evi
dently trying to advertise a new species of the sui
cide's club.- ,
J, ¦¦ ' : . * ' ! ¦- ...
" Lord Durham is* to be sued for libel by two Ameri
can jockeys. We t will teach 'the haughty Britisher?
that we are true sports even if .we have to win their
money with the aid of the courts. ''
The wealthy Oakland woman who has determined
to sacrifice a life of luxurious idleness to become a
physician, must have had some experience with that
insinuating. fraiid : 'known as a fashionable doctor.
QUAY, CLARK AND 0DDICKS;
r~X ESPITE the thoroughness of the Republican
J ) victory in the country at large there are sev
*— eral minor issues of the election on which the
decision of the people is doubtful, and out of some
of them there are likely to come one or more of those
Senatorial deadlocks that have been so annoying of
late years. Clark is fairly sure at last of victory in
Montana, for he is said to have fifty-five out of nirtety
four members of the. Legislature, and, besides, his
great antagonist, Daly, is dead. In Pennsylvania and
Delaware, however, the old fight goes on. The elec
tions have left matters in doubt, and it remains to be
seen whether Quay and Addicks will win or whether
the opposition to then will be sufficiently strong to
prevent an election.
Of the two contests that in Pennsylvania is by far
the more interesting. Addicks is a big man nowhere
except in Delaware, but Quay has long been a.politi
cal leader of the first rank, and the. whole country
feels more or less interest in his political fortunes.
The press of Pennsylvania has been carefully study
ing the situation ever since the election, but. wide dif
ferences of opinion exist as to how a majority of the
Republican members stand with regard to the Sena
torial fight. . " - .• '¦; '-' ;.'; /..'. ..--
A Philadelphia correspondent of the Pittsburg Dis
patch stated recently: "A close canvass' of the Legist
lsture to-day gave the Quay men 102 in the House,
anti-Quay 57 and Democrats 45. This would show
a tie as between the stalwarts, and the ''Democrats ''and
insurgents combined. The same calculation- divide
the fifty Senators equally between the stalwarts and
the Democrats and insurgents, making a total disjoint
ballot of 127 for Quay and thesame number for the
combined opposition, but adding to the Quay, total
the twelve votes embraced in the list of caucus anti-
Quay. Senators and members, would give him 139."
The question will turn upon the ability of Quay
to get a number of the so-called "insurgent" Republi
can legislators to go into a caucus and agree to be
bound. by it. His. supporters claim that at least twelve
NICARAGUA OR PANAM0.
ALL signs point to the conclusion that there is
to be a big battle fought between the advo
cates of the Nicaragua route and those of the
Panama route before the country undertakes the con
struction of an isthmian canal. The Panama men are
already at work and are receiving no little support
from influential sources.
Walter Schlecht, a member of the commission, who
has recently returned home after having spent some
time in going over the Panama route, is reported ti>
have said that while it would take the French com
pany which is working there many years to complete
their canal, as it will cost $110,000,000 and they are
only spending about $1,000,000 a ; year, he thought
that the acceptance of that route would save this coun
try about two years' time in the'compietion of a canaL
Mr. Schlecht intimated that the report of the com
mission would present the facts affecting both routes
fully, without recommending either, leaving the Gov
ernment to take its choice. :' 5j ' ¦
It has been stated that the Panama canal i s now
virtually the property of an American corporation or
ganized under the laws of New Jersey. That com
pany began an active campaign of education in favor
of the Panama route upward of a year ago, and had
sufficient strength to bring about the appointment of
a commission charged with the duty of examining
both routes. It is now going to make the fight with
increased prestige, and the chances are it may block
the enterprise for some time unless the urgent de
niand of the people forces Congress to take action
without further delay. •
The great mass of the American people hare" of
course no preferences for either route. What they
wish is a canal constructed along the best route and
in the most economical manner, and they wish that
accomplished as speedily as possible. The fight be
tween the two routes therefore should be settled with
out delay. Eilher route would be better than another
indefinite postponement of the enterprise.
CAI/ITOBNIAJJS JU WASHINGTON
"WASHINGTON", Nov. 18.— Mr. and Mrs.
J. R. Lynch, and Colonel Fred M. Carter
are at the Raleigh; Mrs. Edna Smitl>.
Mrs. F. V. Smith and Max New are ac
the St. James. All are of San Francisco.
G. F. Lawson of Sacramento la ai ihc
Chamberlain. ,
VISALIA TIMES— If Mr. Whitney. Gro
ver- Cleveland and men of that class had
been in the Democratic harness for the
past four years their advice about the fu
ture of the party would have more weight.
If the Examiner had not kicked out of
the harness so often Mr. Hearst would
have more inlluence with the • California
Democracy than he is likely to enjoy.
MARYSV1LLE APPEAL— There is no
doubt that if the orange growers of
Northern California would combine on a.
plan similar to that of the prune associa
tion for instance, and thus place them
selves In a position to fix and maintain
rates their receipts would Increase in a
very satisfactory manner, and they would,
moreover, be relieved of a lot of the wor
ry and responsibility that now falls upon
them.
SANTA BARBARA INDEPENDENT—
No time should be lost in arranging for a
railroad jubilee, to take place on the first
day of the twentieth century. This is the
day of all days upon which to cejebrate
the new era for Santa Barbara. Let her
begin the new century with a Joyous ac
claim for the grand outlook of the future.
The completion of the coast 'line places
Santa Barbara In as favorable a position
as any artificial aids combined with her
natural advantages can place her.
SANTA ANA BLADE— Unless the
orange growers of Southern California are
determined upon killing the goose which
lays the golden eggs, they will heed the
warning against shipping fruit in an un
ripe condition. Season after season this
warning is given, and yet there are al
ways to be found a few persons who ship
oranges to the East "for the Thanksgiv
ing trade," which means simply before
they are ripe. This proceeding is sure to
result in injury to all orange growers of
Southern California by giving their fruit
a bad name in the Eastern markets.
SAN DIEGO SUN— One way for San
Diegans to meet and overcome the infer
nal discrimination made against this port
by the Pacific Mall and other steamship
companies controlled by the railways Is
for. San Diegans to organize and operate
a steamship line of their own, and this
method of procedure is not at all impos
sible. There is idle capital in the city which
could find good Investment in such enter
prise, and there are mariners amply able
to conduct the business and make it pay.
The first trouble would be to secure proper
ships, but v as others find a way to over
come this, so could a San Diego company.
MERCED STAR— To show how Insin
cere the Democratic party was In Its plat
form one only has to look at the'com
ments of their papers since election. All
adtnit that the voters took no stock in
their arguments and that the campaign
was a siRnal failure. The Examiner. is now
satlslled with expansion, the gold standard
and tho Republican doctrines. It admits
the Republican party has been a success,
and says that- if the Democratic party
ever expects to be a party It must have
a policy of its own, and not simply be sat
isfied with always, lighting Republican
laws.
ORANGE COUNTY HERALD-A shade
tree in Banta Ana leads a precarious ' ex-
Editorial Opinion in All Parts of the State on
Matters of Interest.
istence these clays. It has Httle to en
couragre it to endeavor to live at all for
with the war being made upon it through
the City Trustees and the constant dan
ger of the ax of some lineman of the tel
egraph, telephone or electric light com
pany the poor tree knows not what Is in
store for it. the next day, hour or even
minute. It seems to us that this out'
rageous disregard of the value of shade
trees should be remedied at once, and that
Instead of continuing a nollcy of destruc
tion an energetic campaign of protection
should be Inaugurated.
BAKERSFIELD CALIFORIAN-It Is
said that the Supervisors of- San Diego
County, have passed an ordinance requir
ing the owners of Belgian hares to keep
them' closely confined and fixing. a penalty
for turning them loose. The authorities
see a threatened danger in these animals
should they be allowed to run wild and
propagate. It is said also that a breeder
in- Los. Angeles Is giving away his hares
aa fast as he can, there being no longer
a market for them. The people will not
eat them and there la no demand for
them. All of which is In line with the
prophecies made by this paper when the
craze was at its height. The State will
be fortunate if it is not compelled to wage
a war of extermination on a new pest.
SPIRIT OF CALIFORNIA PRESS.
IS CIVILIZATION CIVILIZED?
HISTORY is being made in the settlement of
matters with China.
The Minister? of the powers, inspired by their
Governments, have desired from the first to proceed
as if the Chinese were not human tfeings, and could
be dealt with accordingly. Xo .barbarous conqueror,
not Attila, Alaric, Genghiz Khan nor Tamerlane, ever
proposed or carried cut a more wanton use of power
over those supposed to be helpless than these repre
sentatives of Christian civilization have proposed
toward China. The only motive apparent from the
first has been revenge. Already a thousand Chinese,
without regard to age or sex, have been killed for
every ten missionaries or foreigners. Millions of
property have been stolen or destroyed. Famine,
with all its horrors, has been brought upon North
China. In addition to all this the execution of Chi
nese leaders after court-martial by European officers
has been demanded and carried out, and now the
death of important personages in that Government is
called for.
We repeat that what the Christian world needs jus;
now is the raising of some voice in behalf of Chris
tianity.
To crown all, it is said that the representatives of
Europe are asking that the tombs of the Ming dy
nasty be destroyed. It seems incredible that such
demands should emanate from a professed Christian
civilization. - They are incompatible with the profes
sion of a desire for peace and commerce with Chin?.
The destruction of the dynastic tombs is an act of
sheer wantonness. Its only effect will be the per
manent embittering, of that vast population. .To say
that all this slaughter, looting, destruction and viola
tion of the dead, in the name of Christianity, is a
necessary prelude to the introduction of Christianity
there is to assume a position that is too fantastic for
belief.
The limit of .economical speed, It Is concluded, has nearly been reached with
the present form o f . hull and motive row<r. To drive the Deutschland thirty knots
insi cad of twenty-three would require 83-000 horse-power, or two and a quarter
times as much ns phe now has.
If the four day liner were built upon present, lines, she would be a vessel 930 feet
lonp, of eighty-seven feet beam and thirty feet draught, displacing about 40.000
tons. Engines of 110,000 horse- power would be required, and even if triple screws
were used, the necessity of developing 37,000 horse-power on each shaft would
stagger the best engine builders. Forty-four double Scctch boilers would be need
ed, and during each day's run 1710 tons of coal, costing: $7700, would have to be
fed into the £52 furnaces. It 'would require 7300 tons of coal to carry the vessel
to Plymouth and 8550 tons to Hamburg, the cost of fuel alone being J3S.0OO. Th©
Bhlp would need WJi tons of coal in her bunkers for a single trip across the At-
WHILE a considerable number of persons have
been talking. ever since the election of what
the- Democratic party will .do in the way of
reformation and' reorganization, the business sense of
the country has been much more concerned as tu
what the administration will do. That is the live issue
of the day. It is a matter of work and not of specula
tion, and consequently is infinitely greater impor
tance than . any views that may be had of the future
of Bryan or the menace of Bryanism.
The people of Massachusetts, with their usual prac
tical good sense, have, turned their attention to the
coming work of the administration, and at a recent
banquet of the Middlesex Club Senator Lodge was
engaged to make an address upon the subject. Hardly
any man can speak with more authority upon such
matters than Mr. Lodge, for he is not only a Senator
of force and leading but is close to the administration
and doubtless knows as fully as any one outside the
Cabinet the programme the administration will
recommend.
Speaking of the subject generally the Senator said:
"More was at stake this year than in any election
since 1864, and the victory, means more to the coun
try than any political victory since that time. It is
for us to deserve the trust which the people have re
posed in us. We must reduce taxation by taking off
war taxes wherever they can be spared. We must
maintain the tariff so that our manufacturers may
have stable conditions in their home market to build
upon. We must maintain absolutely the gold stan
dard, and if additional legislation is needed to
Strengthen it that we must pass. We must have legis
lation to develop and build up our merchant marine.
There should be fnrther intelligent restriction of im
migration, and in the next four years the isthmian
canal should be begun."
That in itself is a good programme. The country
has never doubted that the administration will uphold
the protective tariff and the gold standard, but it will
note with gratification the announcement concerning
the upbuilding of our merchant marine, the restriction
of immigration and the prompt construction of tho
isthmian canal. Those great measures have been al
ready too long delayed, and if they be now taken up
and made the special work of the administration there
will be general rejoicing.
The Senator was more elaborate in dealing with the
trusts and with the Philippine problem. He noted
that Bryan gained his strength in the Eastern States!
more, from those issues than from anything else, and
drew -therefrom the conclusion that with them the
Republican party must deal firmly and wisely. He
outlined no particular programme of action upon
either issue, but contented himself with pointing, out
their importance.
Of the trusts he said:- "It is a great subject and
will require the best thought and the highest ability
which we command, for while we seek to root out and
guar -'. against evils we must not throw away advan
tages or by rashness bring ruin to business. It is a
difficult problem, to which the Republican party must
address itself seriously and at once."
Concerning the Philippines he said: "The wise
recommendation of Judge Taft's commission in re
gard to the civil service in those islands should be
embodied in the law. I have believed always and pro
foundly in taking the islands, in holding them and
in making them the cornerstone of our power in the
East; but rather than see their government made the
spoil of political parties in the United States I would
abandon them, for if we. do not govern those islands
as Americans, and not as Democrats or Republicans,
and do not keep them wholly, free from party politics,
our rule there will make us a byword and will bring
disgrace to us arid misfortune to the Filipinos. Ma
terial development, honest and able government, the
largest measure of liberty possible, together with a
steady advance to . self-government and home rule,
such is and such will be, I believe, the policy of Presi
dent McKinlcy and of the Republican party!"
Such is the forecast of the work of the Republican
party for the next four years. It will be received with
satisfaction by all Americans who are not chronically
discontented.' It is a programme of progress. both at
home and abroad, and promises to advance the pros
perity already so gratifying. -"It is safe to say that if
the work be carried out so that four years from now
the Republican party can point to immigration wisely
restricted, a flourishing "and increasing merchant
marine, good government in the Philippines and the
isthmian canal' begun, it will not be difficult for the
party to elect McKinley's; successor -and enter upon
another term of power.
e REPUBLICAN PROGRAAiME.
Dr. A. G. Fluger of Germany is at tha
California. BffBI
A. D. Smith, an Omaha merchant, is at
the Palace. (*.._'
Speaker of the House Alden Anderson id
at the Grand.
Dr. C. TV*. Kellog? of Lakeport is regis
tered at the Grand.
J. C. Drescher, a prominent Sacramento
merchant, is at tho Palace.
Joseph H. Stahl, a prominent Houston,
Texas, mining man. Is at the Grand.
Charles Summers, a well-known Bishop
cattlo man. Is registered at tho Rusa.
J. S. Craig, the Woodland banker, la
staying at the Grand for a short time.
L. L." Cory and wife of Fresno aro at tha
California." Mr. Cory Is a\we»-*nown at
torney.
H. Edwin Moore, proprietor of cne of
tho large hotels at Sydney. Australia, la
at the Occidental.
R. C. Kline, Pacific Coast passenger
agent of the Wabosh road at Los Angeles,
was In town yesterday.
G. Alexander, a mining man from
Kaslo, B. C, is at the Palace for a few.
days with his wife and child.
Julian- Brownell of the Occidental re
turned yesterday from a month's Eastern
trip. He was accompanied by his wife.
Arthur B. Smith, assistant general pas
senger agent of tho Burlington and Mis
souri River road at Omaha, is spending
several days in the city. . \,
S. Hoxle Clark and bride of St. Louis
are !n the city on their wedding tour. Mr.
Clark is tho son. of the late S. H. II. Clark,
president of the old Union Pacific Com
pany.
Ramon Corral. Governor of the- Stats
of Sonora. Mexico, arrived In th« city yes
terday and is at the Occidental. Ills wife
and daughter accompanied him. His
daughter will be given a college education
here. Governor Corral has Just returned
from the Paris ErKJsitlon and' ho is now
homeward bound.
Baron Biltzlngslauer of Germany ar
rived at the» Palace, yesterday. He Is mak
ing a tour of tho United States. He- says
he has been most Impressed witi. the won
derful push and enterprise of the Ameri
can people and the comparatively easy
manner In which gTeat wealth is accumu
lated. The Niagara Falls was 'to him tho
most interesting 1 sight that he has yet wit
nessed in America.
PERSONAL MENTION.
PROBABILITIES of the realization of the dream of a "four day liner" on the
Atlantic highway* are discussed by the Scientific American In Its latest Is
sue. After a comparison of prevailing types of steamships, the conclusion Is
reached that the Atlantic will be crossed In four days by the liner of the
near future. : \
Economic considerations, according: to the authority quoted, have determined,
the lines ufion which the steamships of recent years have been built. .The result
has been' the evolution of two distinct types, illustrated by the Ivernia of the Cu
nard line and the Deutschland of the North German Lloyd. Cost of construction
and of operation increases at a , far greater ratio than mere speed, and this con
sideration chiefly has delayed the advent of the four 6ay liner. The Deutschland,
What Sort of a Mammoth Vessel Is Necessary to
Make the Passage in That Time.
FOUR-DAY LINER
ON THE ATLANTIC
SATURDAY... .'............ NOVEMBER 17,' 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. '
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone 'Yrrnn 20-1
PLDLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone I'rrnn "Ol.
EDITORIAL HOOMS '217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
delivered br Cnrrlern. 15 Cent* Per Weelc
Mnprle Coi»iei». S Cent*.
Term* by .Mall. Including Postage!
DAII/T CALL (Including Sunday), one year J6.C0
X>AILT CALL (including Panday). « months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Ir.cludinK Sunday), S months.. 1.50
DAILY CAIX-By Single Month ttc
SCXDAT CALL. One Yeer .' l.M
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear... 1.00.
AH postmaster* «re authorized to receive
. Kii'iKcrf pilnnn.
Sample copies wtll be forward ?d when requested. -
Mail subscribers In ordering f-hanre of address should be
particular to tlve both xnvt' AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compline* with their request.
OAKLAM* OFFICE HIS Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building, Chicago.
<Lone Distance Telephone "Central* 261»."> ' ,
JCEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
MsW YORK REPRESENTATIVE: . j
STEPHEJT B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
NEW YORK NE.VS STANDS:
Walflorf-Aetorla. Hotel; A. Brentano, Si Union Square;
>£nrrar Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehermaa House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
l^euioat House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHKCTOJf tt>. C.) OFFICE. . . .1406 G St., *. W.
MORTOX E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
BRAKCH OFFICES 2T7 Mootromery. corner of Clay, open
until t:SO o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open «nt:i 9:30 o'clock. «I5 Larkln, open until ]
f :30 o'clock. 1941 Mifrion. open until 1» o'clock. 2261 Market. ]
corner Sixteenth, open until » o'clock. 1095 Valencia, open I
until 9 o'clock. 10C Eleventh, open until 9 o" clock. NVT. cor- |
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
PHILADELPHIA NORTH AMERI
CAN—It Is yet too early to talk of trie
reorganization of the Democratic party.
Then? is plenty of time to discuss tnat
after the people settle down from the ex
citement of the campaign.
NETV YORK POST— It Is plain that, as
was pointed out as altogether likely by
the Evening: Post at the time the naval
personnel scheme was under discussion,
the navy engines are falling- into tho
hands of a substitute, underpaid, and in
ferior, engineer corps of non-commissioned
officers, called "warrant machinists."
NEW YORK TRIBUNE— The only truo
cure Is to cut up. destroy, abolish and
annihilate Crokerism, root and branch.
The big, brutal and insolent boss and all
his little but no less brutal and insolent
understrappers should be swept forever
from the places of power which they have
So villainously misused. That is tho thtoff
which should be done. That Is the thing:
which will be done a twelvemonth
hence If only the tnie men of Xew York
shall to themselves be true.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
THE ROSS INCIDENT.
PRIENDS of the Stanford University feel that
the worst has passed, and can see for the insti
tution a future unharmed by the circumstances
which attended the resignation of Professor Ross.
Whether right or wrong, the position of Mrs. Stan
ford is now satisfactorily demonstrated to be due to
her sensitive loyalty to the reputation and memory
of her husband, and not to any sentiment of sympathy
with aggressive wealth. Her position toward labor
ami its rights is now recalled as it was expressed dur
ing the great railroad strike of 1894. She then owned
one-fourth of the Central and Southern Pacific rail
roads. When the lines were tied up by the strike she
was sojourning at Castle Crags. The strikers con
trolled the line to San Francisco, and, assuring them
of her sympathy, she requested them to give her a
train to this city. This was done, and she was es
corted down the valley in triumph by her own striking
employes, to whom she talked with a freedom that
was exasperating to her partners in the property. She
lold them that if her husband were alive there would
be no strike, that their demands were reasonable and
he would not have hesitated to annul the Pullman
contract, and recognize their, right to dictate the
policy of the company in the matters that were at the
root of the trouble.
Throughout that event she reached the public in
interviews that went further than any one else chose
to go in placing the blame on the Pullman company
and asserting the propriety of a sympathetic strike
under such circumstances. It has been said that jthis
course influenced Mr. Huntington in his determina
tion to extinguish her interest in the property as soon
as he could safely do so. .-.-.¦¦...... ..'¦'..-.
Now, going back to the ethics of that strike, it is
difficult for any one to reconcile. Mrs. Stanford's posi
tion then with any present motive against Professor
Ross that goes to his methods of teaching' or hi9 pub--
Hc expression of scientific conclusions. It may, then
be accepted as true that, right or wrong, her objec
tion is based upon reported expressions not related
to such conclusions, which were taken as reflecting
upon the career of her husband.
Nor can it be said, in view of all the facts, that Pro
fessor Ross' brief participation in the campaign of
1896 as a proponent of free silver was in itself of
fensive. In his later years, during his Senatorial
career, Governor Stanford held and expressed more
radical views on finance than Bryan has advocated.
His financial radicalism raised the greatest anxiety
among his partners and business associates, and ex
tended to foreign holders of the railroad bonds and
securities. He held, concurrently - with these
extreme .financial theories, equally radical views
about the position of labor K and published
them in articles and speeches on co-operation.
He introduced in the Senate a bill on co
operation that was regarded as the essence of
socialism, and caused him to be claimed as a convert
to the theories of that cult. It may be safely said
that if Stanford University were run on the labor,
financial and theories of its two founders
it would appall American conservatism.
This narrows the issue to one affecting only the loy
alty of a widow to the memory of her husband in a
matter purely personal, and perhaps based -upon a
misrepresentation or a misunderstanding of expres
sions used. ,~
Of course every friend of higher education will wish
that even such motives were not present in the ad
ministration of Stanford, but its presence is less harm
ful than the assumed motive of denial of free speech
on the great subject of the rights of mass and class.
The university is visibly steadying again after the
storm. When the sons of Harvard painted the
founder"? statue a bright carmine it did not remove
the foundations of Harvard. Nor will this incident
long disturb the usefulness of. Stanford. That it will
not is due entirely to the known and published views
of the founders themselves, which so far outdo any
radicalism of Professor Ross as to make him seetr.
like a tirhid conservative.
The immediate pressure is greatly relieved by Presi
dent Jordan's convincing showing that the affair was
not suppressed until after the vote on the Stanford
amendment to the constitution of the State. No
trick was played on the voters. The crisis appeared
six days after the election and was not expected at all
prior to that time.
On the showing made since our first reference to
the subject it now appears that academic freedom is
not to be abridged at the university, and scientific
conclusions are to be freely expressed, strike whe-e
they may.
The affair is admonitory.! The Stanford trust in the
university is based in the law of the State. It is now
further embedded in the constitution. .The institu
tion, by seeking and receiving this statutory and
fundamental recognition, becomes quasi-public in its
legal aspect, and the intense attention given to the
Ross incident is notice to all concerned that it must
not seem to be but must. actually be what, appears
intended on the face of the trust. • • *'.
of them can be counted on to do so, but on the
other hand the North American, which speaks for
Wanamaker, fhe leader of the forces against Quay,
says there are a good many members of the Legisla
ture supposed to be for Quay who will vote against
him when the time comes. Between the conflicting
claims outsiders' cannot decide, but it looks as if the
chances of victory are much better for Quay than for
his opponents. '
The Dispatch points out that "there will be no such
excuse for bolting Quay next January as existed last
time when lie was under indictment at Philadelphia
and the. cry 'No trial, no caucus' was good justifica
tion for revolt. Since then he has been rehabilitated
by. the court and indorsed /by his party? and his men
have successfully run the gauntlet of popular elec
tion. Those, therefore, who wish at all to be consid
ered within the pale of party organization will find
it much more difficult than before to find an excuse
for going back on' their party's indorsement of the
'old man.' "
Few people care much about Addicks, but it may
be worth while to note that the Republicans have a
majority of five in the Delaware Legislature and the
greater number of them are for Addicks, but it is
known that some will fight him tjo a finish. His
chances, therefore; are slight. Still it is to be remem
bered he is a tireless and able worker, and such facul
ties generally ,win/as is seen in the case of the untiring
Mr. Clarkof Montana.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 17; 1900.
THE POUR-DAT BOAT COMPARED "WITH THE ORDINARY STEAM
BOAT; ALSO A LONGITUDINAL, SECTION SHOWING T^E DIS
POSITION OF SPACE IN HER SHELL.
for Instance, could not bo driven, by Increasing her engine power, to so high a
speed as would be necessary for the four day boat, and it is estimated that if all
the available space were given over to driving machinery her shell could not ac
commodate more than one-half tha power required to transform her from a. twen
ty-three knot to a thirty knot ship.
By the courtesy of the steamship lines, the Scientific American publishes the
following balance sheet showing the original coat of construction, horse power,
speed and cost of passage of the two ships taken to Illustrate the types chosen
for comparison, and has contrasted with this the estimated cost of a four day
liner. j
6
I! I I
I I !
vessel. "'>•'¦;? i
.5" .: :
o • :
all
R : 3 8 5 3 g | : srS^l g
: j I I 1 f | 3; : :|?3 |
! h S ? : •• i : ii5?l I
: " * ~ : : : £."| I
I i & § 1 ! : : ! : |si 3
: :? ?¦ " : i : . | : S?T j
J1.823.OO0 130 1,250 11,6101160 200 l.SM'ZM -$00,000 JM.OOO
3.300,000 672 4,500 600 430 300 300 5.7) •143.000 M.000
6,200,000 1.710 9.530 NonelSOO 430 2501730 225,0001 80,000
The* Ivernla .... 21.0001 10.500116. 50!
The Deutschland 23.000» 37. 000 23.36
Four-day liner 40.0O0|U0.0OO|3O.0O|
•Actual value of passenger fares on
a recent -westward trip.. «
For aCold in the Head.
Laxative Brcriio-Quinlne Tablets.
A Californian was the first man to
enter the Forbidden City, and he tells
the story for the Sunday Call of what
he saw and found there.
WHAT I SAW IN THE FOR-
BIDDEN CITY.
BY FKED VETTZENBURa
Who has spent most of her life among
the strange tribes of the South Seas,
and tells of a people who walk bare-
footed on rcd'hot stones.
THE SACRED FIRE WALK-
ERS OF TAHITI.
BY KATE McLENNON,
The
Sunday
wall
INDIAN WHO GAVE AWAY
HIS ENTIRE FORTUNE AT
A POTUCH.
THE STRANGEST BEDROOM
IN SAN FRANCISCO.
NOVEMBER THE
EIGHTEENTH.
SWELLEST OPERA CLOAKS
IN THE CITY.
THE SUNDAY CALL
LEADS THEM ALL.
THE STORY OF MOLLY BIG
BUFFALO
Remove th* causes that make your hair life-
less and gray with Parker's Hair Balsanv
Hindercorns. the best -cure for corns. .IS eta.
Brain-workers and nervous peocla know tha
beneficial «ffecta derived from th» us* «f tha
genuine DR. SIEGERT'S Angostura Bitters.
Electricity was used for mining very
early In its development, and one of tha
first plants was set up at Santa Rosalia,
near Chihauhau, Mexico. Electricity I3
used exclusively In th© gold fields of South
Africa, and Australia and In the diamond
fields of Brazil.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Slont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1M2. . •
. Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets, 639 Market, Palace Hotel building.*
Ice cream chocolates, Boston mints, ala-
cuma. .Townsend's. 633 Market street. •
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
Splendid Cal. glace cherries. Townsend's.*
Peanut crisps. Townsend's.
AMUSEMENTS.
CftUforn!«— Royal Marine Band of IUI7.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Ojx>ra-hou**— '•Lohengrin."
.Alcazar— --His Absent Boy."
Columbia— "The Ameer."
Alhambra— "A Tounc Wife."
Tlvoli-'-Othello."
Oljmpla, corner MaEon and EdJy rtrects— Specialties.
•ve£ui UteB ' Z °° and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
a«« rP^! IIn^ Beaeflt Charit 7 Fun 'l Associated Theatrical" Har-
acer£, Thursday afternoon, November 22.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Fi sctoer' 6— Vau Je vil le.
Oakland .Race Track— Kaee*.Fountain Pens.
The resignation of Joseph F. Nounan,
Inspector • of - buildings, was accepted by
the Board ¦ of '¦ Public Works - yesterday, to
take effect Tuesday. -November 20. 10CO.
James H. Jordan was appointed , to suc
ceed him ' 'ilKliffFni'linlMiif'f'l MtlJIUL'lilljillli
New Inspector of . Buildings.
-The official recount of the election re
turns , by .' the Election Commissioners yes
terday developed a gain of thirty-four
votes'- for 'Judge. Daingerfleld In the-Sec
ond'Precinct of- the Thirty-ninth Assem
bly District. Graham has gained nine
votes In the recount, thus leaving him
with a" net plurality over; Dalngerfield of
361. Coffey and Sloss also gained thirty
votes each In the same precinct, the in
crease betng ; largely due to clerical er
rors in the tally sheet. The clerks 'ne
glected to "count a second line of tallies
for the candidates, givlngcredit only for
the first line. Sloss also-gained tmrt>
votes In : the < Fourteenth- Precinct of the
Thirty-third District. .
Neglect of Election Clerks to ¦ Count
Second Line Gives Him Thirty-
Four Votes. .'
DAINGERFIELD MAKES BIG
GAIN IN THE RECOUNT
Association Organizes With Chas.
H. Murphy as Chairman.
The legislative committee of ths Pub
lic School Teachers' Annuity and Retire
ment Association of . San Francisco or
ganized ¦ yesterday with Colonel Charles
H. Murphy chairman and W. D. Kings
bury secretary and treasurer.
A communication from a like commit
tee of Alameda County, asking for a date
on which to hold a Joint session, was.re
ceived and the secretary instructed to fix
a date."
The members of the committee are
Charles H. Murphy. Deputy Superintend
ent W..D. Kingybury,- Vice Principal T.
H. -McCarthy. Superintendent R.H. Web
ster, President C. W. Mark.. Deputy
Superintendent L. A. Jordan (president of
the Annuity Association). -Immediate
steps will be taken to urge - legislation to
provide ; for j the payment of , annuities to
public. school teachers. ;
Legislative Committee of Retirement
WILL TJBGE LEGISLATION
FOR TEACHERS' ANNUITIES
Flro Department to superintend its erec
tion. The committee takes issue with
Chief Sullivan in his contention that It Is
not part of his duties tc supervise erec
tion of buildings and quotes the -charter
in support of its position.
Ordinance.
The Central Park 'Amusement Company
Is having considerable trouble in the ereo^
tlon of Its theater on Market street, near
Eighth. The Board of Public WoTka
some time ago refused to issue a certifi
cate of the theater because it was claimed'
that its construction • was- no«- in accord
with the provisions of the theater r ordi
nance retarding precautions In ¦ case of
fire. The Board of Supervisors refuse"!
at the last meeting to revoke the permit
for bulliiing the < tneitter.' .- The -. company
was then allowed ¦. to proceed with -the
building: under the supervisio- of Chief
Engineer Sullivan of the Fire Depart
ment. That official, however, notified tl'e
Judiciary .Committee yesterday ¦ that un
der the charter/he had nothing to do with
building construction, which •-¦> us under
the control of the Board of Public Works;
That, body desires the company, to tear
tiown' the building as far as; It- has: pro
gressed.' and that one ;of. iron and stono
be. substituted. = The company; claims to
have already spent; $10,000 on the theater.'
The Judiciary Committee does notagree
wit h the Board : of Public : Works that > the
building Is .entirely, new. and therefore -it
is not bound by. th« ordinance. The the
ater is being • remodeled and with that
understanding a : resolution was : recom
mended permitting ; the- cortHtr'ictlon ar.d
again dir«sUu0 Mm CiuvX Engineer of .tho
CENTKAL PAKK THEATER
- WILL BE CONSTRUCTED
Supervisors' Judiciary Committee
Holds It Is Not Subject to New
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographie Office. U. 8. N., Mer
clianta' Ex^hnn^e. San Francisco. Cal.,
November 16, 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of«,the 120th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m. t Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
NOTE— In tho above exposition of the tides
the -arly morning tides are given In the left
hand column and th« successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
Jay, the third time column' the third tide and
the last or right hand column gives the last
tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus nlgrn < — ) precedes the height, and
then the number given is subtracted from tho
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence is th« mean of tho lower low waters.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Eay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; tho
height of tide is the same at both places.
-ma: bktn Jane L Stanford, for Honolulu: Br
bark Lady Palmerston, for Panama; Br ship
Lord Cairns, for San Franolsco; Br bark Mary
A Troop, for Acapulco; Br ship Montgomery
shire, for San Francisco; Ger bark Otllde. for
Panama; Br ship Port Crawford, for San Fran
cisco; bktn Robert Sudden, for Honolulu; Nor
bark Rokeby Hall, for Panama; Ger ship Ro
land, for Honolulu.
VICTORIA-Arrlved Nov 16— Br stmr Amur,
from Alaska.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
COLON — Arrived Nov 14— Stmr Alllanca. from
New Yerk.
DEAL— PaBsed Nov 14— Br ship Clan Gal
brnlth. from Shields, for Santa Rosalia. asset?
CALLAO— Arrived Nov 15— Schr Spokane,
from Port Ludlow.
PORT ADELAIDE— Arrived Sept 23— Bktn
Onnway. fro-n M'-c-'lyvllle.
PORT PIRIE^ — Arrived Sept 2S — Nor birX
Fortuna. from Puget Sound. Oct 16— Br ship
Lanclnr. from Port Blakeley.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Oct li-Shio Star of
f-APE TOWN— Arrived Nov 15— Br shlo Lord
Templeton, from Port Ludlow.
SYDNEY— In port Oct 23— Bktn Oarles F
Crocker, for Honolulu; ship James Drumniond.
for Honolulu: ship M P Grace, for Honolulu;
bark Semlnole. for Honolulu.
NEWCASTLE Aus— In port Oct 23— Oer bark
Anna, for San fcranclsco; Nor bark Auiore. for
Panama: Fr bark Brenn, for San Franclso:
ehlp Celtlcburn. for Han Franclfco: bktn Che
halid. f«r Honolulu; Fr bark Comandan; Mnr
chant. for San Francisco; Dr ship Duohalburn.
for Sun Francisco; Br ship Dynome. for Aca
puleo; ship E J Splccr, for Panama: Br ship
Kails of Garry, for Honolulu; Nor bark Fan
tasl. for Honolulu: Ger bark Gerda. for Pana-
FOREIGN PORTS
PHILADELPHIA-Cleared Nov 15-Stmr So
noma, for San Francisco; ship R D Rice, for
DELAWARE BREAKWATER — Passed up
Nov IS— Ship Luzon, from Honolulu, for Phila
delphia. _ .
EASTERN PORTS,
GRAYS • HARBOR— Arrived Nov 16— Stmr
Newburs. hence Nov 13.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 15— Stmr City of To
peka, from Alaska. Nov 16— Stm^Oregon, from
Nome.
Sailed Nov 15— Stmr Robert Dollar, for San
Francisco. Nov 16— Stmr Oregon, from Nome.
Arrived Nov 1&— Stmr Newport, from Un-
OAPE NOME— Sailed . Nov 4— Stmr Nome
City, for Seattle.
In port Nov 5— Stmr Centennial, stmr Santa
Ana. stmr Portland, stmr Sadie, schr Lena L
DUTCH HARBOR— Sailed Nov 9— Stmr Nome
City, for Seattle. -,
In port Nov 10— Nor stmr Hero, U B rtrar
McCulloch, whaling stmr Fearless.
Sailed Nov 16— Stmr Pasadena, for San Pedro;
stmr Pomona, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA-Arrlved Nov lfi-Stmr Columbia,
hence Nov ;4: Fr bark Alice, from Havre.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Nov 16— Stmr Iaqua,
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 16— Stmr WestporJ.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 15— Schr Lucy,
from Umpqua. Nov 16— Schr G W Watson,
from Port Hadlock.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov 16— Schr
F S Redfleld, from Tacoma.
Sailed Nov 16— Stmr Alcazar, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT TOWN SEND— Passed up Nov 15— Ger
ship Carl, from sea, returning, previously re
ported In collision with schr Fred J Wood:
Btmr Oregon, from Nome.
Arrived Nov 16— Ship Hecla. from Unalasksu
PORT GAMBLE— Called Nov. 16— Brie Gene
va, for San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov 15— Stmr Arcata,
hence Nov 14.
HONOIPU— Arrived prior to Oct 24— Schr
Banror, from Port Gamble. Nov 2— Schr John
G North, hence Oct 15.
KAHULUI- Arrived Oct -Schr Ottillle
FJoid, from Eureka.
MA HUKON A— Arrived Oct 25— Bktn Wrestler,
from 'Newcastle, Aus; brls Consuelo, hence
Nov 9. ¦
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Nov IS— Stmr Se
quoia, hence Nov 15; ttmr Noyo, hence Nov 15.
HONOLULU— Arrived Nov 5-Br ship Yola,
from London. Nov 6— Schr Bertie Minor, from
Kureka. Nov 9— Stmr Marlposa, from Sydney:
US stmr Sherman, hence Nov 1; U S stmr
Solace, hence Nov 2.
Sailed Nov fr— U S stmr Nero, for Manila;
bark Alden Hesse, for San Francisco; stmr Ala
meda. for Sydney. '
H1LO— Arrived Oct 31-Shlp Falls of Clyde.
POINT LOBOS, Nov 16, 10 p m— Weathei
togzy. wind south, velocity 16 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Nov 2. lat 43 48 N, Ion 7 25 W— Br ship Lyn
ton, from Liverpool, for Victoria. B C.
SPOKEN.
Friday, November 18.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San Pedro.
Stmr Navarro, Peterson. Bowens Landing.
Stn;r San Pedro, Zaddart, Redondo.
Stmr C?lDsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
U S stmr Sheridan, Pierce, Manila, via Hono
lulu.
Nor Btmr Universe, Egenes, Portland and
Vladivostok. i
Pbip Dashlnsr Wave. Lancaster. Tacoma.
Bark Gerard C Tobey. Gove, Puget Sound.
Fchr Confianza, Chrlstensen, Coqullle River.
Schr Free Trade, Joansen, .
Schr Elifa. Muller. Brunner, Eureka.
SAILED.
Friday, November li.
Stmr Senator. Patterson. Victoria, etc; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Victoria, Blakey, Chemalnus; R
Duntmulr's Eons Co.
Fr bark Moliere, Ancelln, Queenstown; O W
Me Near.
Schr Rosamond. Ward. Honolulu; Williams,
Dlmond & Co.
CLEARED.
UNTTED STATES ARMY TRANSPORT SHERIDAN LEAVING FOR
MANILA WITH A BODY OF RECRUITS.' FOR THE LAST FOUR
MONTHS THE VESSEL HAS BEEN UNDERGOING REPAIRS.
and heroes fiercer than both raise their poenvs
or plays with the simile of Joseph Andrews,
who U himself above the reach of any simile.
Fielding's work Is also full of the merely
comic. Too often he descends to the buf
loonery. the coarse epithet.*, the ludi
crous situations and hard blows of the
early comedy. The battle royal between
Moll Seagrim and her detractors, where
the lusty amazon puts to ignominious
night the whole parish. Is humor of the
most elementary nature. Parson Adams
is beaten In almost every chapter of "Jo
seph Andrews.' . He Is continually the vic
tim of ludicrous circumstances. He falls
Into Parson Trulliber's pig sty. He is
struck full In the face by a panful of
nog blood, thrown by an angry amazon;
he is assailed by a kitchen maid with a
soaking mop. There is no end to the
tricks which the author plays upon him.
All this is humor In Its crudest form, yet
It is all the humor that many can appre-
The leading charm of Fielding lies In
his nearness to nature. He Is not always
clean— what that has come out of the eignt
eenth century is?— but he is never Im
moral. He is as wholesome as nature
herself. Squire Weston Is admirably
drawn. His loud halloo echoes through
the pages of "Tom Jones" like the bay of
hounds through a forest. He 13 close to
nature, joyous as a spring morning- and aa
fresh and free. When Tom lies very sick
he Insists on serenading him each morn
ing under his window with the shrill
blasts of his horn. He is in full pursuit
of his runaway daughfer Sophia when a
pack of hounds in full cry crosses hi3
track. Instantly all thoughts of hia
daughter are lost, and with a mighty
shout he dashes In pursuit of the flylns
pack. "The hounds ran very hard and
the squire pursued over ditch and hedga
with all his usual vociferation and nlac,
rlty and with all his usual pleasure."
Such a picture could come only from the
pen of a true humorist. /
The only other novelist of the era
worthy to be mentioned with Fielding as
a humorist Is Laurence Sterne. whos«
reputation rests almost wholly upon his
novel. If It may be called a novel. "Trist
ram Shandy" (lTon). This chaotic volume
Is certainly one of the curiosities of Eng
lish literature. It is without plot, with
out form and order, without consecutive
Interest. The hero is not born until well
toward the middle of the volume and he
Is hardly out of dresses when the storv
closes. It is a mere jumble of eccentrici
ties. The reader Is constantly surprised
by some fantastic conceit; blackened
pages or blank leaves suddenly confront
him; omitted chapters to b« filled In by
his imagination; pages of asterisks anil
periods: lines and grotesque curves: chap
ters consisting of a single sentence— no
mechanical trick has been omitted. Th»
reader is never prepared for the next
chapter. "If I thought you were able."
the author declares, "to form tho least
Judgment or probable conjecture to your
self of what was to come in the next
page. I would tear It out of my book."
Mrs. Shandy at a keyhole Is on the point
of learning what she supposes to be an
Important secret, but at the critical mo
ment we are disappointed:
L&ying the edge of her lingers across her two
l!ps. holding in her breath and bending her
bead a little downward, with a twist of her
neck (not toward the door, but from It. by
which means her ear was brought to the chink)
she listened with all her powers.
In this attitude I am determined to let her
stand for five minutes, till I bring up the af
fairs of the kitchen to the same period.
One should never read "Tristram
Shandy" for its story. It is without form
and it would be void were it not for Its
characterization and its humor. My
Uncle Toby Is one of the few really liv
ing figures in English literature. In
creating him Sterne shows what he might
have done had he been content to leave
his fantastic conceits and make an honest,
earnest picture of life. "Were the whole
of "Tristram Shandy" equal in merit to
it3 best passages it might stand as one
of the supreme masterpieces of literature.
Sterne was a sentimentalist. "Humor
and pathos," says Raleigh, "are never In
their nature far apart; In Sterne they are
almost Inextricably combined. His laugh
ter and his tears are so facile and their
springs He so near together that the one
almost Infallibly provokes the other."
There is nowhere a better picture of a
kindly soul than Sterne's Uncle Toby.
'My Uncle Toby had scarce a heart to re
taliate upon a fly. "Go," says he one day at
dinner, to an overgrown one which had buzzed,
about his nose and tormented htm cruelly all
dlcner time, and which, after Infinite attempt*
he had cautht at last as it flew by him. "I'll
cot hurt thee." says my Uncle Toby, rising
from his chair and ?olnsr across the room with
the fly In his hand; "I'll not hurt a hair of
thy head. Go." says he. lifting up the sash
and opening his hand as he spoke to let it es
cspe: "go. poor devil: get thee gone: why
should I hurt thee?. This world surely Is wide
enough to bold both thee and tne."
It is not easy to give a sample of the
humor of Sterne. It is pervasive and not
easy to Isolate. "It Is, says Cross, "a
kind of humor that evokes only the gen
tlest emotions of pity to be followed: by
the smile. It enfranchises the heart,
purging it of melancholy and giving zest
to the mere bagatelles of existence."
FRED LEWIS PATTEE.
Pennsylvania State College.
Permitted to See Her Children.
Judge Daingerfleld made an order yes
terday permitting Mrs. Caroline Blrdsall,
formerly the wife of Captain Thomas J.
Cunningham of Company K. California
Volunteers, to tee her two children, now
In the custody of their father, .twice a
month. Captain Cunningham secured a
divorce from his former wife several
months ago, and since that time has re
fused to permit her to see her children.
Two School Suits.
The petition for a writ of mandate filed
by .George Bates to compel the Board of
Education to reinstate him aa High School
instructor of Latin was argued before*
Judge Hunt yesterday and submitted for
decision. The action by which Superin
tendent Webster seeks to compel the
board to recognize Ms assistant during his
absence at meetings of the board was con
tinued for a week.
. . Reader, we - would make a simile • en - this
occasion, - but for two reasons: The fli-st Is it
would interrupt- the description. ¦ which shouid
be rapid in 'this part: but that doth not welsh
much, many precedents occurring for such an
Interruption: the, second, and much the greater
reason is. that we could find no simile udequalb
to. our purposed for. indeed, what instance
could ,we bring to set before our reader •>>•«»
at once the Idea of friendship, courage, youth,
beauty, strength and "swiftness? 'All which
blazed. In the -person of Joseph : Andrews. Let
those, , therefore, that describe iiona and - tigers
; As a miser who hath In some well-built city
a value 20 shillings, when at » dis
tance "he Is alarmed with the news rf nre.
turns pale and .trembles at his-loss; but when
h«- finds the .beautiful palaces only are burnt
and -.his own cottage remains »afe - he comes
Instantly to himself and • smiles at his good
fortune;, so. Sophia, etc.
'But sometimes r.o comparison can sat
isfy him. . . '
- We are never sure whether Fielding Is
In earnest or not. "It seems," says Low
ell, '.'as - If the two lobes of the brain
were never in perfect unison, so that If
ever one of them be on the point of sur
rendering itself to a line frenzy of un
qualified enthusiasm, the other watches
over it, makes fun of It, renders it un
easy with a vague sense of lncongrulty
till at last it Is forced to laugh when ;it
had rather, cry."
: He gravely pretends that "Tom Jones"
is a kind of. comic "Iliad." differing from
Homer only in Its treatment of the more
humble circles of life. Instead of battles
between gods and heroes we have fierce
fights between kitchen maids and awk
ward •,boors-^"as -bloody a battle • as can
possibly be fought without. the assistance
of steel or . cold iron." He introduces
elaborate Homeric similes:
- But while the captain was one day busted In
deep contemplations of this kind one of tho
most unlucky a* welt as unseasonable accident*
happened to him. The utmost malice of. for
tune could Indeed have contrived nothing so
cruel, so malapropos, so absolutely destructive
to all his schemes. In short, not to keep the
reader In long suspense. Just at the very lu
stant when his heart was exulting In medita
tions on th« happiness which would accrue ta
him by Mr. All worthy's death, he himself die.i
of. an apoplexy. . '¦
-The whole atmosphere of the book Is
one of sly fun. The very titles of the
chapters are amusing: "The reader's
neck, brought. Into danger by a descrip
tion; his escape." "The morning Intro
duced In ' some line writing." "Containing
one of the most bloody battles, or rather
duels, that were ever recorded In domes
tic history." "Better worth reading than
all the works of Colley- Clbber and many
others." - . .
•Fielding Is full of these little hits. His
§ages bubble, over with good nature,
omctlmes he laughs boisterously, but
more often he chuckles slyly to himself
over, the weaknesses, the vanities, the
petty -foibles of humanity. .-.,'.- •
' Sophia, for instance. Is In deep distress
over the misfortunes of Jones. "Oh. wick
ed, wicked eyes." she cries, "that have
wrought all -this \ mischief. How can I
ever hold them up again?" Yet. all the
time she Is regarding with great satisfac
tion her image In the mirror. Again.
Parson' Adams, to convince Wilson -.of
his supreme contempt for vanity, offers
to- walk ten miles to fetch his sermon on
that vice. In the same novel the coun
try-huntsman, whose dogs have attacked
the. parson, calls them off at once for fear
that they will be spoiled by following
vermin. Note -the Irony in this episode
of Captain . nilfll. who • spent much time
every day considering how liable Mr. All
worthy, whose heir he was to be, was
to-dle of apoplexy: , /,,, . . ;
¦ Again when Parson Adams Is sent to
the rich Parson Trulllber to borrow the
fow shillings that will relieve his great
distress, since the good parson has a wide
reputation for charity, the word seldom
belnjr out of his. sermons, he is received
at first with incredulity, then with actual
Insults. The parson is' even meditating
violence, when his wife/ seeing him clench
his fist, interposes and begs him not to
fight, "but 'to show himself a true Chris
tion and take the law of him.
for nothing would give him more pleasure than
to hear they were taken." "That." cries Bar
nabas, "Is for the sake of justice." "Yes."
said Joseph, "but if I was to meet them again
I am afraid I should attack them and kill
them, too, if I could." "Doubtless." answered
Barnabas, "it Is lawful to kill a thief; but can
you say you ' forgive them as a Christian
ought?" Joseph desired to know what that
forgiveness was. "That is," answered Barna
bas, "to forelve them as — as — it is to forgive
them as — In short, it Is to forgive them as a
Christian." Joseph replied, he forgave them
as- much as he could. "Well, well." said Bar
nabas, "that will do."
•He then questioned him concerning his for
giveness of the thieves. Joseph anawered:
The leading characteristic of this early
fiction Is Its realism. It studies human
lives and human society, not from the
model, but 'from ruiture. Like Shake
speare's dramas. It gives a faithful pic
ture of its age. Its Incidents may have
been drawn from imagination ; and Its
characters may never actually, have had
corporeal existence. It matters not. We
know that, we have the very atmosphere
of the period; we visit the rural cottage,
the country inn, the humble vicarage, the
hall of. the country squire, the fashion
able drawing room; we learn how the
common people actually lived, what they
talked about and laughed about, and how
they looked at life. This is the truest
kind of history. A single book, of Field
ing's gives us a more graphic picture of
tHe middle' eighteenth century than a
whole shelf ot formal histories. In a book
liks "Tom Jones" or "Koderick Kan
dom" we get a full breath from tne actual
Kngland of the early Ueorges.
Tne master humorl#t among the early
novelists was Henry i?1elding, a man who
in very many ways reminds ua of tne gen
ial Richard Steele. Both were impulsive
and Improvident, fond of convivial Joys
ana" rec-Kless living, and both were kind
hearted, loyal to tneir friends and full of
huarty good cheer and sunny optimism.
As a novelist Fielding was the direct
forerunner of Thackeray and Dickens.
Through all his work there runs a fierce
Intolerance of shams, of snobberyt of op
pression of the weak by the strong, of In
sincerity and Injustice. "Joseph Andrews"
is a kind of "Pilgrim's Progress." Al
most tho entire book Is taken up with the
details of .a single journey In which in
nocence and simplicity, personified by An
drews and Fanny- and Parson Adams>. find
at almost every step some new fcrm of
wickedness to destroy them. During their
progress they come in contact with al
most every form of human weakness.
They encounter the hypocritical church
man, the ignorant and cruel lawyer, the
unjust Judge, the lewd peasant, the cring
ing and fawning yet heartless landlord,
the fine lady, fastidious concerning the
proprieties, yet at heart thoroughly im
moral, and everywhere selfishness and
vanity and obsequlence to money and
power. The whole vain and cruel age is
before us, held up for us to laugh at. But
there Is never any spite at Individuals,
never any misanthropy In Fielding's
satire. "We who are admitted behind the
scenes of this great theater of nature," he
declares in one place "(and no author
ought to write anything besides diction
aries and spelling books who hath not
this privilege) can censure the action with
out conceiving any absolute detestation of
the person whom, perhaps, nature may
not have- designed to act an 111 part In
all her dramas." The satire Is never di
rected against the person; it is the act
that is held up to ridicule. We Join In
the author's full, hearty laugh, but we
feelat the same time the deep pathos that
underlies It all.
Joseph, sorely wounded, "Is visited by
Parson Barnabas;
i The creation of the novel In its modern
form opened a rlcji field for English
humor. Until the midyears of the eigh
teenth century all studies of human life
and society had taken dramatic or poetic
form, but in 1740 Samuel Richardson dis
covered almost by accident that even the
most complex series of human emotions
and adventures and Incidents could be
adequately treated in an ordinary prose
narrative. No discovery has ever borne
fruit ,-so Immediate and so abundant.
Within twelve years there was produced
a veritable library of classic novels:, "Sir
Charles Grandison." "Joseph Andrews,"
'.'Roderick Random." "Humphry Clink
er," "Tristram Shandy," and many
others.
Treasure Aboard.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mail
steamer Marlpcsn arrived from Sydney,
N. S. W., jetterday morning, via Auck
land, N. Z., Apia, Samoa and Honolulu,
H. I. She brauptht up $3.5>X>.O>0 in treasure
and the following passengers:
From Sydney— Mr. and Mrs. H. Merewether,
J. Darby, Professor J. W. Gregory. Mr. and
Mrs. H. EkJwIn Moore. Master Edwin Moore,
\V. Wernecke, Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Brlckell,
Miss Ethel Hunt, Mis* Mabel Hastings, Miss
Ada Wcodhill, \V. A. Rhynard.
From Auckland— Mr. and Mrs. J. Welsman,
W. U Evans, J. A. Murphy, K. G. Ellis, T^ A.
Kills. Dr. E. H. Woodruff, W. Isbester, O.
Ru3d. J. H. DouElas. A. Sleish.
From Honolulu — J. Colbey, J. L«. McLean, D.
J. McKay, W. Lewis, N. W. Holtzlander,
George R. Carter. C Bolt*. C. H. Schmidt. C.
A. Itrun?. Dr. Pflueer, H. C. Walker, Dr.
Grossmann. S. H. Comstock. H. Hill. P. Pond.
C. C. Douelas. A. C. Pairrey, Mr. and Mrs.
Turk, Mr. and Mrs. Lewis and son, Mr. and
Mrs. D. O. Decker, Mrs. KImball, Miss Ry
croit, Mrs. A. A. Cunnlncham, Mrs. William
Taylor. Kathleen Taylor, Mlrs Lev.-is, Mis*
Feckhelmer. Mrs. S. J. Andrews. Mrs. Fowler,
Mies Neumann, Mts« Helen Macfarlane, Mls»
Gardle Macfaxlane, Mrs. Bosley, Mrs. Rader.
During the run to Auckland Captain
James Kcnnio was presented with an il
luminated address and a pipe, cigar
holder and silver cigar case, in recogni
tion of the fact that he had been made
commander of the ship.
Arrives From Australasia With Much
MAIL STEAMER MAKIPOSA.
THE transport Sheridan sailed
for Manila yesterday after a
thorough overhauling. Those- who
were privileged to go over the
vessel in the morning scarcely
knew her. as to all Intents and purposes
she is a new ship. The Fulton Iron Works
put in 120 working days^on her. and Cap
tain Batchelder ar.d Captain Barneson
and Supervising Engineer Mathews and
his assistant. James H. Humphreys, saw :
to it that nothing but the best kind of
work was done. s
Among the alterations made on the
Sheridan was the strengthening of the
spar deck; a stringer four feet wide and
e plate four feet wide extending the full
length of the ship, with the necessary tie
plated, were put in; the sheer streak
abreast of No. 4 hatch was removed and
new and heavier plates were put in; cargo
hatches abreast of ports were reduced in
6ire; new hatch combings of steel were
provided for upper dec-Ks and regular
aeck frames were put in the wake of the
hatches; boat frames were lengthened;
the amidship house was extended twenty
two feet; the dining saloon was rear
ranged so as to accommodate seventy-six
persons at a sitting; nine staterooms
were added over- the saloon; a new
bridge was built abaft the mainmast and
also a house containing captain's quar
ters and rooms for the first, second, third
and fourth officers; a smoking room was
added to the after part of the promenade
deck; the hospital was rearranged and a
teak deck was laid; all weather exposed
d^cks were relaid with teak; a baker's
j shop was built on the main deck; the re
frigerating chambers were entirely re
built; a butcher's shop and Ice house
were provided on the main deck, while an
i entire new electric plant was installed:
lavatories and bath rooms have been fixed
up with porcelain basins instead of the
old enameled ones, and all in all the
Sheridan can now be classed as "the fin
est transport afloat "
It was originally the intention of the
Government- to have the changes to the
transport fleet made in Hongkong, where
teak can be obtained at a low figure and
coolie labor is cheap. Captain Batchelder,
Captain Barneson and Captain Mathews,
backed by Colonel Lyong, set their faces
against the scheme, however, and the re
sult Is the expenditure of a large sum of
money In necessary alterations, in San
Francisco.
The Sheridan took away yesterday
about forty ladlos, relatives o£ olllcers.
and about 400 recruits, besides a. number
of men for the hospital "staff.
The Log^n landed her sick and wounded
at the Presid'.o yesterday and later took
the Sheridan's berth at Folsom-street
wharf.
Hongkong Firms Wanted the Job to Alter Vessel, but
Uncle Sam Spent the Money at Home. : -
Nor slrar Tltunla. Kgenes, 92 hours from ,Va
nalmo. i
Dr ship Perlcl»s. Hendenson, 73 days from
Newcastle, Alls.
Schr Wm Olaen. H'.itman. 10 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Louis. Genbert. 11 days from Wlllapa
Harbor. /
Schr Archie and Fontle. Jensen. 35 hours from
Stewart? Point. /
Friday, November 18.
Ktmr Marloosa, Rennle. 23 days 5 hours from
Sydney, via Honolulu 6 days 1% hours.
Stmr Oeo Loomis, Brldgett. 31 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr San Pedro. Zaddart. 31 hours from Eu
reka: bound to lledondo: cut In to land pas
sencers.
Sunr Whltesboro. Olsen. 21 hours from Green
wood.
Stiiir «eo W EI<ler. Randall. ,6SV4 hours from
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVKD
*-
Notice to Mariners.
Branch Hydrosraphlc Office, U. S. Navy.
Merchants' Exchange.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 16, 1900.
Captain K. Van Oterendorp of the staamer
Alameda reports to this office that on Novem
ber 2, 1900. at 7:40 j>. m.. when in latitude
north 34 degrees 3."> minutes, longitude west Ml
degrees 32 minutes, he sighted a dark object
about fifty feet to windward of the ship. It
ptfiod upright about six feet hitch and two to
three feet In diameter— likely to be wreckage
or n mast with rigging attached. Bright moon
light at the time— wind south with a moderate
sea from the same direction.
. C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In Charge.
The French bark Mollere cleared yeMerday
for Queenstown for orders with 14.124 ells
wheat valued nt J14.1C0. 63.677 ctla barley valued
at $4i,6C0 and :5.000 feet lumber dunnage valued
at KJO; total value. JoO.SoO.
Shipment of Grain.
Shipping Merchants.
The Hecla loads lumber on Puget Sound for
Sydney 52s 6d. option of Melbourne or Ade
laide 60s. or Port Pirie OSs 9d, prior to arrival.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Charles Green and other members of the
crew of the British ship Melanope filed
a libel yesterday In the United States Dis
trict Court In intervention against that
vessel for $6300 wages due, and the price
of their return passage to Europe. The
Melanope will be sold on November 27 by
order of Judge de Haven.
Melanope Libeled Again.
RENOVATED TRANSPORT SHERIDAN SAILS
FOR MANILA WITH RECRUITS FOR ARMY
Copyright, 1900, b y Seymour Eaton.
HUmOR OF* ENGLISH AND AMERICAN l_lTER/%-
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
HUMOR OF FIELDING AND STERNE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1900.
TO SAIL.
SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 17.
,\Ask to see i the Waterman Ideal! Foun
tain Pen' with a' falcon-shaped nib! It 'lit
entirely, hew.' Wc.have It, as well asa
full /line -of- Waterman.; Swan 'and 'Other
fountain' pens. ' Sanborn. Vali at' Co. 741
Market Street. -::-¦ ' •
¦ ..;.» ; ». . ¦ .¦ . •--...¦¦;¦•.¦ ¦.
v.
7
Steamer. Destination — Sails. Pier.
Senator, for Victoria Nov. 17, 11am Pier 9
Coronado, for Grays Har. Nov. 17, 5 pm Pier 2
Mandalay. for CoqulUe R. Nov. 17, 10 am Pier 8
Rainier, for Seattle Nov. 17, 6 pm Pier 13
Pt. Arena, for Pt. Arena. Nov. 17. 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka, for Humboldt Nov. 17, 9 am Pier 2
Samoa, for Humboldt Nov. 18, 10 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa, for S. Diego. Nov. ]R. 11 am Pier 11
Empire, for Coos Bay Nov. IS, 10 am Pier 13
Pomona, for Humboldt.. Nov. 19, 2 pm Pier 9
Newport, for New York.. Nov. 19. 12 m PMSS
Geo. Elder, for Portland.. Nov. 19, 11 am Pier 24
China, for China & Japan Nov. 20, 1 pm PMSS
Bonlta, for Newport Nov. 20, 9 am Pier 11
AfTata, for Coos Bay Nov. 20, 4 pm Pier 13
Albion, for Honolulu Nov. 20, 2 pm Pier 2
Alliance. Portl'd & C. B. Nov. 21. 9 am Pier 20
Marlposa, for Australia.. Nov. 21, 9 am Pier 7
O. Dollar, for Grays Har. Nov. 21, S pm Pier 2
Queen, for San Diego Nov. 21, 11 am Pier 11
Umatllla, for Victoria..... Nov. 22. 11 am Pier 9
North Fork, for Humboldt Nov. 22. 2 pm Pier 2
Czarina, for Seattle Nov. 22. 9 am Pier 3
Alliance, for Portland Nov. 22. 9 am Pier 20
Corona, for Newport Nov. 23, ' 9 am Pier 11
Columbia, for Portland.. Nov. 24, 11am Pier U
Steamer. From— Due.
Coos Bay. from Newport*. Nov. 17
Empire, from Coos Bay Nov. 17
Pomona, from Eureka Nov. 17
Umatilla, from Victoria Nov. 18
Grace .Dollar, from Grays Harbor Nov. 18
Queen, from San Diego Nov. 18
Santa Barbara, from Humboldt Nov. 18
San Juan, from New York Nov. 1>
North Fork, from Humboldt Nov. 19
Arcata. from Coos Bay '. Nov. 19
Robert Dollar, from Seattle Nov. 19
Tellus, from Oyster Harbor Nov. 19
Iaqua, from San Diego Nov. 20
Doric, from China and Japan Nov. 20
Czarina, from Seattle Nov. 20
Eureka, from Humboldt Nov. 20
Alliance, from Portland and Coos Bay.. Nov. 21
Columbia, from Portland Nov. 21
Corona, from Newport Nov. 21
Washtenaw. from Tacoma Nov. 21
South Portland, from Seattle Nov. 22
Santa Rosa, from San Diego Nov. 22
Point Arena, from Point Arena Nov. 22
Crescent City, from Crescent City Nov. 22
City of Puebla, from Victoria Nov. 23
W. H. Kruger, from Grays Harbor.... |Nov. 24
I Dug,
Sun rises 6:52
Sun sets 4:57
Moon rises 2:29 a. m.
D Time Time Time Time Z
» Ft. Ft. Ft. FtX
¦• L, W IHW LW HW
16 ... 0:26 1.7 7:31 5.2 2:12 1.8 8:04 S.8
17... 1:21 2.0 8:06 5.4 2:48 1.3 »:05 3.9
18 ... 1:69 2.3 8:89 S.5 3:20 0.8 9:5« 4.0
19 ... 2:33 2.6 909 E.6 1:82 0.4 10:42 4.1
20 ... 8:11 2.8 9:36 5.7 4:25 0.0 11:27 4.5
21... 8:48 2.9 10:04 6.7 5:001—0.3.....
|H W U W ¦ H Wl L. W
22 ... | 0:10 1.3 4:26 3.0 10:S2| 5.7 5:35—0.5
AMUSEMENTS.
BIOROiCO'i GRAND GPERA-KOUjE.
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
TWO PERFORMANCES TO- >AY.
Thi« a/ternoon. "Lf CIA Dl UMMrRMOOR"
— Melba. Bauermeleter. Campa.nari. Bars,
lournet, Mat-.cro and Cremomnl.
Conductor Pig. Mancinelll
This evening. "LOHENGRIN"— Nordics and
Schumann-IIeink: Van r>yck. Blspbam. Muhl-
roiLcn acd Ed. de Reezke.
Conductor Mr. Walter Damrosch
6PECIAL TO-MORROW-SUNDAY EVEN-
ING— POPULAR NIGHT.
¦'IL TP.OVATOKE"— Nord-.ca. Vr«r> ."auteren
*nd Olltrka.; Dufrlche. Joarnet. Maatero ar.d
I'irpel.
Prices. $1, $2, J3. Boxes. T.2. J15. SIS. Per-
formances as complete in detail and ensemble
m* the regular subscription nights.
XEXT WEEK.
Monday. "LA BOHEMTT'— Melba. Fr;til
6cheff; CranonlrJ, Campanari, Oilllb»rt,
Journet.
Conductor Si*. Mancinelll
Tuesday "DON GIOVA>'NT"— Xordica. Fritz!
Fcheil and Gadski; Ed. de Reszke. Salirnac
Plnl Corsi, Jourcet end Scottl.
Conductor SIk. Mancinelll
Vredne?4ay.-TANNHAUSER"-Gadski. Olitz-
ka and Susan ft.ro::g; Van Dyck. Blass. Bars.
Hublvenet JIuhlmann and David Bispham.
Conductor Mr. Walter Daittrosch
Thursday. "ROMEO ET JULIETTE"— llel-
ba. Bridewell. Ba-jermelster; Ed. de Refzke.
Plcncon Bars. Sires, Glllibert and Paleza.
Conductor SIP- Mancinelll
Friday. "GLI UGONITTI"— Nordlca. OUtzka.
Rauermelfter, V»n Cauteren and Suzanne
Adams: Dlrr«I. Plancon. gcottl. Bare and Ed.
A* Re«ke.
Conductor M. Flon
Faturrfoy tnatinee. "LOHENGRIN"— Gadskl
»n<1 Pchumann-Heink; Van Dyck. Bispham.
Muhimar-n and Blase.
Conductor Mr. Walter Damrosch
Saturday evening, "TAl'ST"— Melb«. Bauer-
rr.piFtfr and Homer: Saleza. Campanari.
Imfrirhe ar.d Ed. <3e Reezke.
Oviduct or Slg. Mancinelll
r;raji<-h Ticket Office, Emporium. Prices
I? to V. Ger.Tal admission, ti.
WEBER PIANO USED.
LADIES' MATINEE AT 2:15 P. M. TO-DAY 1 . ;
THE ROYAL MARINE BANDOFIT^LY
PROGRAMME THIS AFTERNOON
1. March. "The Man Behind the Gun," Sousa. !
S. Overture. "Light CavaJry," Surpe. 3. Harp '
foIj, selected. Signor Setaro. 4. Walt*. "Blue
I»p.utw." Straus!". 6. ""Ttie Serenade," crand
erection. Herbert. Incidental solos.
II.—*;. March. "A Frarjr«-sa." Costa. *. T*>nor
t«\ci. selected, Plgnor Gianninl. 8. Overture,
•¦naym-ind." Thumas. 9. "Bohemian Girl."
p-rF.nd funtusie, Balfe. Solos by Eignori Declmo,
I»l GiMlam.1 and De Titta.
rROOHAMME TO-NIGHT
1. March. "Union forever." Pcouton. 2. Over-
ture. "Rienii." Warner. 3. Harp 6<Mo. selected,
Picnor Setaro. 4. "Summer Night's Frolic," MI-
fi"lltti. j "Iiistoire d'un Pierrot" (new), Ooit-
ta. Incidental *o!o by Sis. Dl Glrolamo.
II.— fi. "Lu<-la dt Lammermoor," Donizetti.
Fit:a'.e Act III— Trombone solo. Slgnor Creatore.
T Tenor polo, selected. Pienor Gianninl. 8. Pro-
lopn. "I Pacllacci." Leoncavallo. 9. "Lucta dl
Ummermoor," Donizetti. Sextet and finale —
Tavanf. Palma. Creatore. Fulgone. De
Titta and Pt Natali.
»xt Weelt-La-<t Week ot "THE ROYAL
MARINE HAND OF ITALY." Don't ¦ Forcet
Matinee Sunday. Usual Popular Prices— Tic,
Eftc. 23c. ,
matineTto-day.
TO-NIGHT, SUNDAY N'GHT AND ALL
.NEXT WEEK,
FRANK DANIELS
In Victor Herbert's Latest Comic Opera
Success,
THE AMEER
b^A^iii' 69 it^tf Sis w J& m J$f*M
ALF ELLrNGHOUSE.. Proprietor and Manager
PHONE SOUTH 7T0.
MATINEE TO-DAT— TO-NIGHT.
LAST PERFORMANCES
OF THE POPULAR COMEDIAN.
FRANK L. TANNEHILL JR.
And His Excellent Company In the Great
Eastern Success
"A YOUNC WIFE!"
EwiitaS 15c, 25c. 35c. 60c and 75c
Matrhe* 15c. :5c. 35c and 60c
To-morrow, g U nday Afternoon— The World-
Beater.
BOYFS "A iTE 1NGER W NEW YORK."
First Time Ever at Popular Prices
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
.TO-NIGHT I TO-NIGHT !
Bi£ Cakewalk!
SPECIAL.
TOMORROW AFTERNOON AND EVENING
ON THE STAGE,
Cannon, the Fat Man,
IN POSES PLASTIQUES.
Telephone for feats. Park 23.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
jyifr-YTINTER MEETING-190L
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
N-OV 3D TO NOV. 17TH. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
rtac'r.c Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
Car Friday and Saturday. Rain or »hia«.
live or more races each <!ay.
Itacts ttart at 2:15 p. m. tharp.
}¦-<¦ rry-fc'.ats leave San Francisco at II m. and
12 SO 1. 1:30. 2. J:M an< * * •*• m -- coonectlng
mitto trains etopplne at the entrance to the
t-ack Last two cars on train reserved for
iitfie* snd their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
Jerry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
ttftcttle cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oalc^
land Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with Kan Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
• :.<] IJroadway. Oakland. Tneie electric car»
Co direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
445 p m end immediately after the last race.
THOMAS It WILLIAMS JR.. president.
K. B. MILrtOT. Secretary.
, FISCHER'S co^L R Jo,^ Uo -
Faccl. Puerarl, Allesandronl. Irene arid
Beatrice. Harry Walton, the Mcrrleea. Claire
r*i and **cord act of •Travlata."
n«*.ervcd scats. S.tq. Matinee Sunday.
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
Pears', the finest soap
in* the world is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people are
using it.
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell -such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it..
Pears'
¦ Fori a Cold in - the Head. -
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets. •
. NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT ANu VTASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARI> &
CO. European plan. Rooms. SOc to $150 day
IS to »5 week: JS to *M month. Free batha; hot
and cold water every room; fire grate* In «v«ry
room; elevator runs all nlkbu
ADVERTISEMENTS.
absolut^ecurityT
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /$L~?^*>
Verr *Budl utft as •asy
SEE TARTFtfQl F0RflEA0ACHL SEE
, uARI tl\O FOR DIZZINESS. * U
ffFVIIIVB IPlTTLE FOR BIUOUSRESS. firvniWO
llbMlliM: ifiVFR for torpid liver. (lENUINE
M PI LLS F0R COKSTIPATIOM. /
WRAPPF8 Jt__KI FOR SALLOW SKIB. WRAPPFIt
WKArrLK mzd$ iroRTiKCQMPmioi. " KAiT "
"PRINTED ON REID F^JPEI^*
AMUSEMENTS. _ _ '
- ¦
MATINEE TO-DAT. SATURDAY. NOV. IT.
Parquet, 25c. any seat; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren. 10c any part except reserved.
NEW SHOW! JEW PEOPLE!
ANNA BOYD, MR. AND MRS. DAN
HIATT, WM. J. HYNES, THE
DUNHAM FAMILY, JES-
SIE COUTHOUI.
XORAH DATES. PRELLES TALKING
DOGS. DOLAN AND LEXHARR.
THURSDAY, Nov. 22
AT HIGH NOON.
SECOND ANNUAL. BENEFIT In Aid of
CHARITY FUND
OF THE
ASSOCtA TED
THEATRICAL
MANAGERS
AT THE ORPHEUM.
Attractions FYora EVERY THEATER!
CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE!
MOROCCO'S— Walter Damrosch, David Blsp-
ham. Rosa OUtzka and other artists from the
Maurice Grau Grand Or>era Company.
COLUMBIA — Frank Daniels and leading
members of bis company-
TIVOLI— Bright bits from 'The Jolly Mus-
keteer" and Collamarlnl. Russo and Salassa.
CALIFORNIA— The Royal Marine Band of
Italy.
ALHA1IBRA— McCoy Sisters and S«un Mar-
ten.
ORPHEUM— The principal star* of the bill.
ALCAZAR — Act from "The Railroad of
Love."
CHUTES— An acrobatic novelty.
OLVMPIA— An up-to-date vaudeville feature.
PRICES.
Entire Ground Floor. Including Box Scat*. $2.
Balcony. $1.
Tickets .Vow on Sale at Every Theater.
LAST WEEK OF ORAND OPERA-
MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON AT 2.
"MIGNON."
COLLAMARINI as MIGNON.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT'
"OTHELLO."
Eod of the Seteon To-Morro w Night "CABMEN."
NEXT MONDAY- Gala Opening 1 of the Comic
Opera Season.
Sturwndous Scenic Production of
"THE JOLLY MUSKETEER."
First Presentation In This City.
POPULAR PRICES 15c and 60c
m*H EAT R E?At
MATINEE T0-0A7 AND SUNDAY.
A CYCLONE OF FUN!
LAST
two His Absent
NIGHTS Jg oy j
Next Week — Auirustln Daly's Charming Comedy
THE RAILROAD OF LOVE.
BASEBALL !
Stockton
vs.
San Francisco.
SATURDAY AT 3 f. M.
SUN DA Y AT 2;3O F^. M.
RECRE AiToN PARK
Klthth and Hnrrt«T- ct»«h
AJtcp-Theatcr Refreshments.
The completeness r.f the arranKegient*
made for your entertainment In the v 8up-
l-fr Room can be estimated when It 1*
known that tlie attribute* responsible for
the popularity of the Otill Rooms are In
evidence here. Delightful muKlc. prompt
»ervjce, moderate charges. Open every
evening (Sundays excepted) from 0:30 to
12 o'clock. Entrance, from the court and
main office.
Palace Hotel Supper Room.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the /ops of .Gonorrhoea. Gleets.
Strictures nnd «naloji<-uM complaints
of ths Organs of Oenerntion.'
Price }1 a bottle. For »aJ« by druggists.
ADV22B>TZSKB£ENT3.EL- PASO (Texas), Nov. 16.— Dispatches
received by the officials in Juarez, Mex
ico, from Casas Grandcs state that a
band of raiding: Apaches from San Carlo3
reservation, Arizona, assaulted the town
of Pecheco, Mexico, sixty miles from
Casas Grandes," yesterday.
In a fig-ht which followed, twelve In
dians were killed and six Mormons
wounded.
Pecheco is a Mormon settlement, and
has no telegraphic communication
the outside world. Details of the fight arc
lacking.
Troops have been ordered from Casas
Orandes and Juarez to' pursue the
Apaches.
Roving Band Attacks the
Mormon Settlement
at Pecheco.
APACHES ON
THE WARPATH
A New Pire-Extinguisher.
A scientist suggests that milk be used to ex
tinguish the flames or burning kerosene, be
cause "milk forma an emulsion with the oil,
w-ich makes it accomplish Its' object more
quickly." The best medicine to quickly cure
constipation. Indigestion. - dyapepcla, bilious
ness or flatulency, la Hostetter's Stomach* Bit
ters. It is the only genuine itomach remedy,
and has a record of over i fifty years of cured.
Try It also for malaria, fever and ague, and bo
convinced.- . ¦-¦ . - ¦ —
ATTOBNEY GENEBAL
GRIGGS WILL BESIGN
Informs the President That It Will
Be Impossible for Him to Re
main in Cabinet.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 16.— At the Cabi
net meeting to-day Attorney General
Grlg-gs Informed the President and his
colleagues that after mature deliberation
he had concluded that It would be im
possible for him to remain a mtmber of
the Cabinet during the next four years.
This was the first definite response from
any member to the President's wishes ex
pressed at the last Cabinet meeting that
all of the portfolios should remain in the
same hands during the coming adminis
tration. The resignation of the Attorney
General will not take effect until March 4
next, and it is thought 'at present that
all the other members, with the possible
exception of the Secretary of War, will
retain their present positions.
Bankrupt Salesman.
NEW YORK. Nov. 16.— Thomas B. Rey
nolds, salesman employed by the Whiting
Paper Company of . this city, to-day filed
a petition in bankruptcy. Liabilities $449,
008. No assets. -
SEABCHEBS FIND JOHN
WEST COLD IN DEATH
Killed Near San Rafael by the Acci
dental Discharge of, His
: Shotgun.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 16.— The searchers
for John "West, who disappeared from the
Burdell ranch yesterday morning, were
rewarded to-day by finding his body. "A
shotgun lay beside him. the discharged
barrel of -which accounted for the terri
ble wound in his head. It is believed that
West slipped while attempting to cross
a woodpile at the side of a fence. Coro
ner Eden went to the scene of the acci
dent and held an Inquest, 'the jury re
turning a verdict of accidental death. The
remains were brought to this. city
West's wife left New York only last
Wednesday and is now on her way to
their new home. The deceased was a na
tive of New York, aged 45. years. The
body will be held until the arrival of Mrs
West v
Falls From a Train.
j SAN BERNARDINO. Nov. i6.— A man
named Collis was beating his way west
ward on the roof of a Pullman sleeper on
the overland this morning, when ; he fell
off before daylight a mile east of Cadiz.
Papers on the bodyjjive the name of his
mother as Mrs. A. A. Collis : of s 1105 East
Third street, Eedalia, Missouri-
photographe. Printing and developing
done In the latest style*. Sanborn, Vafi
it Co., 741 Market Street. •
Cameras and Photographic Supplies.
Camera*, photographic rupplies. books
on photopraphy and books for unmounted
TUTUILA. Samoa. Nov. 1.— The Com
mandpnt. Governor B. F. Tilley. has been
and is paying an official visit to all the
leading districts and towns prior to his
departure for New Zealand on the Ab
trenda. The Samoa ns everywhere speak
praisingly of the benefits they now realize
through the cession to the United States
of the Island of TutuIIa. To a large ex
tent thiB is due to the careful considera
tion and fair treatment always displayed
by Governor Tilley toward the people.
The Abarenda sails for New Zealand
about November 25 and during the ab
sence of Governor Tilley, Lieutenant
Commander E. J. Dorn will be Deputy
Governor.
The Governor, during his trip, was ac
companied by District Judge E. W. Gurr,
who. in conjunction with the native Dis
trict Judges has had a large number or
cases to settle, including a number of
appeals from the native Magistrates'
Courts Governor Tiliey. as president of
the High Court of Tutuila, has given two
important decisions in divorce matters
which will have the tendency to correct
the loose Ideas of marriage now held by
the Samoans.
The native officials are doing good work,
but so far without pay. The time Is not
opportune for demandtng taxes from the
natives for revenue purposes. At the
present time they are overloaded with
debt, created by past contracts for the
building of churches and boats, and in
overzeaiously making subscriptions to the
mission society which appear to be out of
proportion to their earning powers. It
will probably fcc necessary for the Gov
ernment to regulate those matters so as
to prevent the Samoans entering into un
necessary and improvident agreements.
In the meantime Governor Tilley is em
barrassed financially, as no appropriation
has been made by the United States Gov
ernment for the government of the na
tives. To put the natives in the way of
self-governing with some stability re
quires at the start some financial aid, and
this has not been given in Tutuila.
The German Government in German Sa
moa is dealing with the people under their
control as liberally as possible, and some
of the chiefs are under direct pay from
the imperial German Government. In
TutuIIa there If not one native official re
ceiving remuneration from the United
States Government for his services.
Healy, Tlbbets & Co.'s dredger Is work-
Ing day and night slicing off the part of
the rock and bank which now projects
beyond the line of the wharf. Work is
progressing rapidly.
W. Blacklock Is building a commodious
hotel and several other buildings are be
ing erected, bo that Pago Pago is now be
ing dotted with the houses of foreigners.
Take Very Kindly to the
American Form of
Government.
SAMOANS NOW
WELL SATISFIED
NEW YORK, Nov. 16.-Among the
American scouts and Irish cavalrymen
Just arrived in this country after service
In the Boer army are Private T. A. Bel
ford of Ireland and J. N. King of Cali
fornia, better known as "Dynamite
Dick."
"We are all members." said Belford, "of
the Irish Brigade, which was commanded
by an American— Colonel 'Johnny' Blake,
formerly of the Sixth United States Cav
alry and a West Point graduate. This
war is not nearly over, notwithstanding
reports to the contrary. Read the re
ported losses of the English, which they
say in their dispatches are due to 'enteric'
fever. It is not the enteric fever or any
other kind of enteric affection that is do
ing the work. It Is Mauser bullets and
nothing else.
"We were In the field from October 6,
1S9S, to the second day of last month, then
we sailed from Lourenzo Marques for
Trieste, en route to America. We were
at Spion Kop, Oolenso, the siege of; Lady
smith, Modderspruitt, besides many other
engagements. As regards ; marksman
ship, especially with small arms, the
Boers can give the English cards and
spades and still beat them with their eyes
shut. During a fight on October 30 500
Johannesburg policemen fought 1500 in
trenched English, capturing their works
with 1178 men and killed the rest. This
gives an idea of how the Boers can shoot.
"It sounds strange, but It Is true— I
never saw a Union Jack or a regimental
flag during all the war. The only flag
the British ever showed was a white one
and I never heard of a white Union Jack
"When the poor old President left for
Europe General Botha, In his order to hla
men announcing the departure, said: 'Now
that the poor old man is safe, let the
fighting begin.' This was the inaugura
tion of guerilla warfare. The English of
ficers are a queer set. French is the best
of the lot. Buller is the bulldog of the
crowd. He has no feeling for his men.
On one occasion a detachment of troops
in his command refused to storm a Boer
stronghold, to face which was certain
death/ In his anger Buller turned a bat
tery of artillery on them and seventy
three of them were killed."
"Dynamite Dick" King said the scouts
had an experience similar to the Irishmen
in most cases, one of their duties having
been to dynamite the railwavs. His par
ticipation in this duty, he. said, accounted
for his sobriquet. He said that the de
tachment was discourteously treated by
the authorities at Lourenzo Marques the
Portuguese having imprisoned them for
six days on a troopship before allowing
them to board the Austrian-Lloyd steam
ship Styra. on which they sailed for
Trieste. . .
American Scouts and Irish
Cavalrymen Reach
New York.
BOER WAR FAR
FROM BEING ENDED
Passing of a Chinese Who Had Many
White Friends.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 16— "Dr." Ah Sue.
one of the characters of Santa Cruz, wai
buried to-day. He was an old Chinese,
who had resided here about thirty years.
He .waa a hawker of vegetables and ac
quired the title of "doctor" because of
wonderful cures ascribed to him. He was
also noted as a' palmist and fortune teller
Ah Sue's coffin waB ¦ hidden by, ftower.i
and festooned with smilax ¦ sent - by his
white friends He was a poor man and
only a few Chinese were present to con
duct the queer funeral rites of the race.
"DR." AH SUE DIES.
STOCKTON, Nov. 16.— Testimony in the
Williams murder trial to-day proved to
be the most sensational so far brought
out Mrs. W. J. Martin, widow of the
murdered conductor, and Mrs. Stella Wil
liams, the divorced wife of the defendant,
were on the stand. •
Two letters, which were Identified as
having been written by Captain Williams
to Mrs. Martin in 1896, were produced and
read to the Jury. In one of the Ietter3,
"Williams stated that the conductor, whom
he subsequently shot, had ruined his
home. Mrs. Stella Williams was at that
time the wife of Captain Williams.
Mrs. Stella Williams gave damaging
testimony against her former husband.
Her attitude on the stand was defiant.
During: the time she was being questioned.
Captain Williams sat leaning far over the
table toward her, eying her face In
tently. She testified that while she and
Martin were walking together on the
evening of the shooting she noticed Cap
tain Williams following them.
Mrs. Wycoff. who lived in the Williams
household while Mrs. Stella Williams was
the wife of the defendant, testified to
day that in May, 1896, -Williams, while in
a rage one day, threatened to kill Martin,
who, he said, had been carrying tales of
his (Williams 4 ) doings to Mrs. Williams.
The witness said she heard the defendant
repeat the threats on several subsequent
occasions.
On cross examination, the character of
Mrs. Stella Williams was strenuously at
tacked by defense. She waa asked if she
had not spent a night with the murdered
man in San Francisco. The court finally
ordered counsel for th« defense to cease
this line of questioning. Mrs. Williams
denied that at th© time of the shooting
she was particularly unfriendly to the de
fendant. .
The prosecution closed its case late this
afternoon. The defense asked for a con
tinuance until Monday morning. This
was denied by the court, which ordered
that the trial go on without delay.
Former Wife of the Slayer of Conduc
tor Martin Gives Testimony
Against Him.
SENSATIONAL EVIDENCE
IN THE WILLIAMS CASE
Durinpr the two years' run of "The Hifch
wayman" in New York Miss Williams
was a prominent figure in the. cast and
made a big hit in the Eastern metropolis.
Among the favorites that will be seen In
"The Jolly Musketeer" are Ferris Hart
man, Annie Meyers, Grace Orr, Tom Guise
and Edward Webb, a new comedian from
New York, and Tenbrook Dale, a remark
able barytone. The Tivoli management
also promises the largest and prettiest
chorus that has ever appeared in this city.
THE Tivoll management has secured
a potent attraction in Miss Maud
Williams, who arrived in this city
yesterday and will appear in
"The Jolly Musk-neera." which
will be produced at the Tivoli besmnl.is
Monday niKht.
The popular and pretty young actress
was for some time the leading soprano In
Boston's most fashionable churches, but
four years ago she was induced to go on
the operatic stage.
Last Day Largely Taken Up in Dis-
WOMAN'S COUNCIL
FINISHES ITS WORK
cussion and Adoption of
Resolutions.
MINNEAPOLIS. Nov. 16. - The Na-
Uooa] Woman** Council finished its work
filter a long executive session to-day.
Zktost of the time was taken up in the dis
< ':.»mo!i and adoption of lesolutionss of
tird by the various departments. The
most important was that from the social
l-urity section.' which resiled that It had
been reported on reputable Huthority that
the- tHfial evil is licenced by our Govcrn
rr.rnt in the Philippines and protected by
Its officers, it was resolved to ask the
Otntinntnt immediately to Investigate
this report, and. if found true, to abolish
the ruinous i-ysirm of vice.
Another resolution declares that not a
d.i!!ar raised by public taxes should be
j:j propriatrd to sectarian schools and
th;.t the State or nation Fhould support
enough institutions of learning to afford
every child in the land an opportunity for
a £ood common school education. The
I. ill Iw-forv Congress to assist industrial
Fflio«->!p for the Southern negroes was fa
vored, with the reservation that more
d.ita concerning the problem should be
gathered.
A pin for the council wa«s adopted, con
piKtinjr of h plain cold circle supporting
u scroll on which appear the words "Lead,
Kindly Light."
May Wrieht Sewell. president of the In
ternational Council, reported on plans for
representation and work at the quinquen
rial meeting in Berlin in 1S04 and was
authorized to carry them out.
POPULATION OF THE j
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS!
Material Gains Are Shown in Ail
and Lanai.
With the Exception of Molokai
WASHINGTON. Nov. 16.— The Census
Bureau has Issued a bulletin announcing
the population of Hawaii by Islands and
districts. It 6hows the total population of
Hawaii to be 154.001, an increase of 44.981,
or 41.2 per cent over 1S96, the last census
there. During the last ten years, from
1830 to 1900. or substantially the same in
terval a* for the census of the United
States proper, there has been an increase
In population of 64,011, or 71.1 per cent.
The total land surface of the Hawaiian
Islands is approximately 6449 square miles,
the average number of persons to the
square mile beinc 23.8.
The population of Hawaii In detail by
islands is as follows: Hawaii. 46.S43:
Kauai. 20.K2; Nliahu. 172: Maual. 15,469;
Molokai and Lanal. 2540; Oahu, 6S.504.
All the Islands have Increased materially
In population since 1S30, with the exception
of Molokai and Lanl Islands, which show
a. combined loss of 11.3 per cent. The
largest per cent of increase reached Is
CT per cent for Oahu Island, on which the
city of Honolulu is situated.
The city of Honolulu Is coextensive
•with the district of Honolulu In Oahu
Inland and Is practically the only city in
HRwaii. Honolulu had a population In
1F!>O of 22.S07. showing an increase from
ihSO to 1200 of 16.239. or 71.6 per cent.
TJNEXPECTED DISCHARGE ,
OF RUSSELL HARRISON
Ordered Without His Bequest or Con-
saltation With His Immediate
Superior.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 18.— Much sur
prise Is expressed by friends of Lieutenant
Colonel Russell B. Harrison, son of for
mer President Harrison, at the Issuance
of an order by the War Department a few
days ago honorably discharging him from
the volunteer army.
Lieutenant Colonel Harrison, It Is as-
Farted, will probably feel as much sur
prised as any of his friends, as It was
learned to-day that his discharge was or
dered without consultation with Brigadier
General Breckinridge. Inspector general,
his Immediate superior, or, so far as can
be ascertained, upon any application made
by himself. That he did not expect to
retire from the army bo Boon Is shown
by the fact that only a few days ago his
•wife went to San Juan Puerto Rico, ex
pecting to remain with her husband dur
ing the winter months.
PAB&ONS FACTION TO
HOLD SEPARATE SESSION
May Wake Another Attempt to Se-
cure the Books of the Knights
of Labor.
BIRMINGHAM. Nor. 16.— The Parsons
faction of the Knights of Labor has* de
rided to meet In adjourned session In th«
city of Washington next Saturday. The
faction will, it is declared, renew the flrht
for the possession of official papers, books,
etc.. which by order of the Supreme Court
of the District of Columbia, were forbid
den to be removed from Washington.
Members of the Hayes faction contend
that thp books are in Birmingham, but
this is strenuously denied. Members of
the Hayes faction to-day stated their con
vention will continue about a week longer.
The members of the Parson* winy, with
the exception of Commltteemaa O Keefe.
who resides here, have returned home
The session of the Hayes wing to-day waa
executive.
THE CLEVER SOPRANO FROM NEW YORK WHO WILL APPEAR AT
THE TIVOLI NEXT WEEK ON THE " OPENING NIGHT OF THE
COMIC OPERA SEASON.
fpeciaJ Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. -WASHINGTON. Nov. 16. — A
new and rather sensational phase o*
the question whether the field gun with
which the United States army is to be
equipped is of native invention or based
upon knowledge obtained' of th» new
French field gun was developed here to
day.
Officials of the State Department em
phatically denied that General Porter or
any of his subordinates had anything
whatever to do with acquiring the secret
of the gun.
It was stated that the Information was
obtained by an officer who visited FVance
last summer; that It was not purchased
or stolen, but that his technical knowl
edge enabled him, after an examination
of the gun, to draw the plan of its con
struction.
The report that General Porter Is to b«
recaJled and Minister Leischman trans
ferred to Paris is said to be ridiculous.
Genera! Porter is expected to remain in
Paris unless Mr. Root should retire. In
•whirh event he may come to Washington.
a.c Secretary of War.
Lieutenant General Miles preserves al
ienee when questioned regarding the in
vestigation he has begun, and Brigadier
General Buffington. Chief of Ordance,
who was called upon for a statement as
to whether he or any of his officers made
the information public, also declines to
discus the matter.
A foreign military attache said to-day
he wa* satisfied that no one attached to
the embassy obtained the information.
"There is a line." lit continued, "be
yond which an attache cannot go. It is
¦well known, however, that every country
has agents in every other state. I make
the assertion tr>at any secret of any Eu
ropean army can be purchased for a rea
sonable sum. There are plenty of people
in Europe who will get the information
you desire, provided you pav enouct
for it.
"Though France regards her gen
mechar.ifm as a great secret. I have no
<5oubt that the War Offices of Germany.
Italy. Austria. Russia and Great Britain
know all about it. but have not adopted
it, Flmply because they believe they have
bettef guns."
Paris Said to Be Ridic
ulous.
E«port That Porter Is to Be With-
Dra\m and Leischman Sent to
Drawn by an Officer Who
Was Shown the New ?
Field Piece.
PLAN OF FRENCH
GUN NOT STOLEN
Dashing Soprano Will Be Seen in "The
Jolly Musketeer."
MISS MAUD WILLIAMS
TO APPEAR AT TIVOLI
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WATSONVILLE, Nov. 16.— Rain began
falling at midnight last night and the
downpour was Incessant and heavy until
morning. To-day showers have been fre
quent and to-night the prospects are good
for another heavy downpour. The storm
catches the beet farmers and apple men
with their harvest unfinished, but little
damage will be done. The rainfall for the
day was about 4 inches. \
JAMESTOWN, Nov. 16.— Rain began
falUng here at 3 a.-m. t T p to 5 p. m. the
precipitation was 1.46 inches, with indica
tion for more to-night. At noon a tele
phone message received from Strawberry
stated that It had been snowing h»Td
there all the morning.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 16.— Rain began fall
ing here shortly after noon and continued
drizzling throughout the day and evening
with good prospects ¦ for a heavy down
pour to-night. The rain will be a great
benefit to ranchers.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 16.-Rain began fall
ing here shortly before 8 o'clock to-nignt
and has continued since. Reports from
Deseanso. Ramona and other points In the
interior Indicate that the storm la general.
A good rain just at this time would be of
Immense benefit to the farmers, some of
whom have already begun plowing.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 16.— A heavy rain
began here at an early hour this mornlnsr
and has continued almost all day. It is
raining again to-night and the indications
are that the winter's storm has begun in
earnest.
NAPA. Nov. 16.— A heavy rain set in
last night. 'Up to 7 a. m. 1.21 inches had
fallen. To-night rain is pouring down.
MILTON. Nov. 16.— Rain commenced
falling here this morning and at noon the
precipitation was over 1V4 Inches. The
wind still blows fresh from the rainy
quarter, Indicating a continuation of the
storm. This storm is of the greatest
benefit to this locality. The present rain
will permit ranchers to plow preparatory
to seeding winter-sown grain. The storm
also Insures a plentiful growth of new
grass.
BAKERSFIELD. Nov. 1«.-Rain began
falling shortly before noon and at 7
o'clock it became a lively shower. About
half an inch has fallen and a good wet
ting is in prospect.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 16.— It commenced
raining shortly after 10 o'clock last night
and a downpour continued throughout the
night.
HOLLISTER. Nov. 16.-An inch and a
half of rain has fallen here in the last
twenty- four hours and it is still coming
down.
NEWMAN, Nov. 16.— Rain began last
night at 11 o'clock: 1.25 inches falling up
to this evening. There is a strong south"
wind and the indications are for a heavy
storm to-night.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 16.— It began rain
ing here this morning before 1 o'clock and
rained heavily until 9 a. m. This after
noon and to-night heavy showers fell.
Plenty of moisture Is now assured for
plowing and grass and grain will take a
new start.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 16.— The rainfall which
began at 11 o'clock last night continued
without intermission until 9 this morning
and showers followed at intervals during
the day and evening. At 11 o'clock to
night It Is raining heavily. Measurement
for twenty-four hours, 2.10: for the sea
son. 3.12: to this date last year, 4.81 Inches.
STOCKTON. Nov. 16.— At 8 o'clock a
steady rain began falling and for over
three hours It was a regular downpour.
Just one inch fell early this morning and
almost a half Inch was precipitated to
night. This will greatly benefit summer
fallow grain, which was needing moisture.
AH crops are housed and no damage re
sulted in this vicinity. .
FRESNO. Nov. 16.— Rain began falling
this morning and has been falling inter
mittently, but heavily, all day. To-night
It is a downpour. No damage Is being
done and the rain is a welcome one to
the farmers.
LOS ANGELES, Nov". 16.— Rain has fall
en Intermittently throughout the day and
evening and the indications to-night are
favorable for more. The precipitation has
been general In Southern California and
much good will result.
WOODLAND, Nov. 16.— The damage to
the raisin crop on account of the rain will
be very light. The bulk of Yolo County
raisins have been cured and housed and
only a few vineyards have a small num
ber of trays that will have to be taken to
drying: houses. The shower on November
8 damaged table grapes no that there have
been no Eastern shipments since, and, as
prices have been good this season, the
loss from that source will be a serious
matter.
Endsd.
"At Watsonville the Precipitation
Amounts to Four Inches and
the Storm Is Not
All Sections of the State
Given a Thorough
Wetting.
HEAVY RAINFALL
IN CALIFORNIA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1900.
Marrying for wealth is a good deal like
going to the hornet for honey.
8
PILES CURED
We will pay $25 to any one who cannot be
cured with one box of VERUS PILE CURE.
Price $2. .
Over 6000 cures. No claimant for reward.
"I am euro my case of plies waa as bad a-"
any case could be. I had them fifteen years
and tried all sorts of remedies. I saw the
Verus Pile Cure advertised, bought a box. with
little hope of a cure. Imagine my surprise
when five applications cured me. It Is the
best In the world. J. MORRISON.
"Salt Lake City. Utah."
VERUS PILE CURE CO., Rm. 226. Wilson HlQCk
Or Ellington Drug Co.. Agents. Loa Angeles.
Cal.
Price 25 cents. All druggists, or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DE
FORD. 175 N. Spring St.. Los Angeles. Cal.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Helvetia Swiss
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL, SWITZERLAND, ON THE
Slst day of December, A. D. 1S99. and tor
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State af Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the Provisions of Section.*
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $838,825 CO
Cash In Company's Office 463 73
Cash In Banks 106.6S3 31
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Leans J.291 67
Premiucr.s In due Course of Collection. 107.151 7s
Total Assets... $916,421 51
LIABILITIES. ' ~
Lo»*e» adjusted and unpaid $18,522 OS
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense r>3,473 70
Losses resisted. Including, expenres 5.947 sj
Gross prtnMurr.s on Flre Rlakc run-
ning one year or less. 1375, M2 47;
reinsurance 50 per cent 1S8.4J1 24
Gross premiums on Flre Risks run-
ning more than one year. $113,426 93;
reinsurance pro rata 60.920 16
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 21.3S1 H
All other demands against the com-
P*ny ».4« 9:
Total Liabilities S3S7.109 13
* INCOME. "
Net cash actually received for Flre
premiums -. W23.ru a
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Leans and from all
ether eourcas t7 1M y
Total Income .I4T0.277 4*1
v EXPENDITURES. *
Net amount paid' for Flre Losses (in-
cluding 124,924 83. losses of previous
years) $2453157 47
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage in ji\ r?
Paid for Salaries, Feet and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 1 wvi m
Paid for State. National and Local
: tajtes 19 0M ,-
All other payments and expenditures. 17[j8« z\
Total Expenditures ". 1413^187*90
Flre
LOSSES Incurred during the prear 1313.949 **
Risks and Premiums. Fire Rialu. Pr«mium^
Net J amount of L Risks . 1
written during the *
year $59,940,900 S590 S4« U
Net amount of Risks *w,w» 43
expired during . the
year • 47.048.299 457 158 M
Net amount In force ! »»'.»• w
December 81. 1S99..... 47.811.433 490.29» 39
8AML. r. WEED of Weed & Kennedy
w ' United States Managers.
Subscribed and "worn to before me. this J7ta
day of January. 1900. - K. FISHBECK.
•,\ ¦ ' ' Notary Public
SYZ& CO., General Agents,
301 California Street.
"UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
—or the—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—or the—
ROYAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE 313T
day of December. A. D. 1899. and for the
year endlnz on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, rrfrsnant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed aa
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company S3.143.090 05
Loans on bonds and mortgages 230.000 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 3.796.8D9 j3
Cash in company's office 2.3A1 21
Cash In banks 148.813 Oo
Interest due and accrued on ail
stocks and loans 44.037 49
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 1.218 M
Premiums In due course of collec-
tion W0.3M 4*
Rents due and accrued 13.4C2 47
Amount receivable under perpetual
Policies 685 17
Total assets .'. $?.:40.St2 4>)
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $52,239 21
Losses In process of adjustment or
In suspense 423.27* 13
Losces resisted. Including expenses.. 82.533 42
Gross premiums on flre risks running
one year or less. J2.777.2SS g8; rein-
surance 50 per cent 1.3S8.IM3 M
Gross premiums on flre risks running
more than one year. ft.33S.101 65;
reinsurance pro rata 2,2M 513 83
Amount rerlalmable by the Insured
on perpetual flre Insurance policies J2«,533 47
Liability under life department 120.436 S3
Due and accrued for salaries, rent
etc 23,323 83
All other demands against the com-
pany 273.053 45
Total llabilltle .I4.78S.643 45
INCOME. =====
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums I4.W8.0W 01
Received for Interest on bonds and
mortgages 10,537 SJ
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources 154,731 71
Received for rents 84^7 $3
Total Income .$4,237,305 93
EXPENDITURES. ==
Net amount oald for flre losses (in-
cluding $4*9,659 3S, losses of pre-
vious years) $2,948,232 24
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 834.444 S8
Paid for salaries, fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, eto 315.5:3 09
: Paid for State, national and local
taxes 133,^53 U
All other payments and expesdt-
turM ZS9.W3 13
Total expenditures .$4,383,417 Is
Losses Incurred during the year (flre). $2,953,557 C3
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the
yw $690,»M.O«J 15,331.13113
Net amount of risks
expired during the
y**r 5S3.973.447 4, 775. 133 71
Net amount In. force.
December 31. 1539.... 791.040.751 7.103.3C2 84
~~~ E. F. BEDDALL. U. & Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 23d
day of January. 19no.
EDMUND HARVBT, Notary Public.
ROLL A V.~WATT, Manager,
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT.
ROYAL INSURANCE BUILDING,
Corner Fine and Sansime Sts.
BRANCH OFFICE - -;.-«• 310 PINE STREET.
GORDON & FRASCR, Managers.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. UTV1GORA-
* tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bla-lder. Sells on Its own merits, a
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents
82f Market st.. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
Weekly CaU,$l,00 per Year
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlae Tablets. *
Judge Charles Zurmuehlen,
California, Mo., writes: "I re-
commend Paine's Celery Com-
pound to everybody. It is the
most wonderful medicine on the
market today, and the best that
I ever used. I had rheumatism
so that I could not walk and the
Compound cured me. Paine's
Celery Compound also helped
my wife's rheumatism when she
had it so bad she could hardly
climb the stairs."
It Cured Me.
A PERMANENT CURE
Rebuilds, the Inflamed, Diseased
Nerve and Muscle Tissues;
Makes Rich, Pure Blood;
Cleanses the System.
IDIT6
vUiiCid
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND
USE ONLY PAINE'8 CELERY COMPOUND,
PAINE'S CELEBY COMPOUND.
ggg^JiSis^^ V$*!*7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEN THANKSGIVING
COMES
among other things for which to be thank-
ful, don't forget the U. S. Laundry, which
keeps your linen clean and makes you
§resentable among - your fellow men.
oiled linen -at a Thanksgiving dinner Is
absolutely Inexcusable when you can have
it thoroughly cleaned so cheaply at the
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
\< Offioe 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Offioe— 62 San Pablo Ave.
J&SBSBkk. ONE piinrc*
T^jBSSBf. bottle LUn to
/ «l I MCBURNEY'S
/J^ *tt Kidney'ggRe'
' '¦ irr' A thorough cure for
W\ I v palna in the back,
\J- > Av - BRICHT'S DISEASE.
,^>V - 2* r / female troubles, incon-
tluence Of urine, brick dnst deposits, bed-
wetting of children, gravel, gall stones,
drop«y. diabetes, and Theumitism.
— for Sale at- —
DAHLBENDER DRUG CO., 214 Keaxny St..
. AND AT
THE OWL DRUG CO., 1128 Market St.
Send 23c in 2c stamps to W. F. MeBurney,
418 8. Eprinn st.,- Los Angeles, Cal.. for 5
days', treatment. Prepaid Jl 50. Druggists. "
flB_ CHICMEBTCR'8 ENGLISH
K-VTlVO^A'E. Alwyi reli»bl«. Ladles uk Drarrfrt
fc^ife<' HJSD Ml Gold 1 »rt«ai. !»,„. mm
fn %J Hm«w.«» M.k.m.Uo.. «.d Uiu.
/ . IB, *••¦•• *«7 •£ y«« D"fU»t. or wad 4c. laA new Sunday school will be opened to
morrow by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. pas
tor of St. Paul's Evangelical Lutheran
Church. In the Richmond district. The
school will be located at Fourth avenue
and Clement street. It will be under the
direction of Professor J. H. Hargens, as
sisted by a number, of teachers.
Will Open a School.
Are the shapes and finishes o. our new
frames Just , received. : Exquisite designs
in oval, square and other odd shapes, fin
ished In dead black, prays, and greens
with the daintiest gold-top ornaments and
festoonings, ; fitted * complete . with gold
beaded mats to match; at Sanborn, Vail &
Co.'s, 741 Market Street. •
Th© Prettiest Yet.
Professor Charles Mills Gayley delivered
a lecture before ' the Channlng Auxiliary
in " the parlors of the First Unitarian
Church yesterday on Fitzgerald and Omar
Khayyam. Fitzgerald's peculiar genius,
the lecturer said found Its natural level in
the epicurean philosophy of the Persian
poet. The author himself he discredited
as a. Bomewhat austere man, who in * his
later years lived a solitary ; life of study.
Professor Gayley also read selections from
James Thomson, author of the "City of
the Dreadful Night." ' Thomson, he
claimed.^ was the founder of English- po
etic realism. • ¦ . ' ¦;¦•.--.¦¦
Lectures on Omar Khayyam.
Superintendent j of Schools Webster Is
not in sympathy with the proposed plan
of the Board. of Education to inaugurate
ungraded classes for, pupils ; who may be
deficient in one or two studies and yet be
promoted on their average standing.
Webster believes that ungraded classes
should only be ¦ provided for the indolent
or vicious pupils. They are not. he says,
intended .to improve those scholars who
are efficient in some studies and deficient
In others. ' He favors the plan of having
parental or truant schools, where habitu
ally bad pupils may be taken care of.
Does Not Favor Ungraded Glasses.
Decrees of divorce were granted yes
terday to Elizabeth Gilman from Neal
O. Oilman on the ground of cruelty: Eliz
abeth Peck from Mark PecK on tns
ground of desertion; Katie Keane from
Frank M. Keane for/ desertion: Sarah
Hartman from. Adoloh E. Hartman on
the ground of cruelty, and t- ranees P.
Pierce from Robert E. Pierce on the
ground of desertion. Mrs. Pierce was al
lowed alimony In the sum of J100 a month.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
F. D.' E>ondolo against Amy Dondolo for
cruelty; Mrs. C. Bonnet against B. Bon
net for cruelty; Charles C. Cole against
Allle E. Cole f dr desertion, and Kat*
Lewis against Joseph E Lewis for failure
to provide. ..
In the Divorce Court.
If the News Letter went in for special
editions all the year round as the East
ern weeklies and monthlies do, to-day's
issue might be called an opera. In the
first place, . the musical and economic
features of the Grau season are treated
in detail. The criticism Is candid, con
cise and readable. The social end of it
Is taken up by Reginald Schuyler. who,
instead of describing the gowns of women,
goes in for full details ot the dress of
men mentioning names with his usual
candor. And "Lady Algy' gives all the so
cial gossip that has marked the first week
of the season.
The Opera News -Letter.
By the contemplated reduction of
the width of the sidewalks on
Clement R street, by which three feet
on each side wlir be added to
the street, a great Improvement will be
added to this thoroughfare, which has
become the Market street of the Rich
mond district. Point Lobos avenue still
retains its pioneer character of being: a
driveway leading to the Cliff | House and
the military reservation. The Improved
condition of this avenue during the past
six months, since Felix McHugh took
charge of it under a contract with the
Board of Public "Works, is marked. Im
provements on a far more extensive plan
are contemplated as soon as the Supreme
Court renders its decision on the legality
of the park bonds. • -v
The executive board of the Point Ix>bos
Improvement Club, which has* as its
chairman George R. Kleteher, is prepar
ing plans for the betterment of the west
ern avenues and streets oceanward of the
blocks through which the northern pan
handle will extend. > :?«f£g|^
Richmond's Improved Condition.
war, filed suit yesterday for a divorce
from his wife, Etta M. Simpson. He al
leges cruelty as cause of action. Simpson
says he married his wife at Lathrop In
1890. It was her wont, he says, to throw
beer bottles^'wine bottles and similar arti
cles at him.c On several occasions, he fur
ther claims, at the Hotel Mateo, in San
Mateo, where they resided, she malicious
ly destroyed h's medals, rare paintings,
furniture., bric-a-brac and. in fact, every
thing breakable in their apartments. Five
oil paintings, two pastels, books and etch-
Ings, clothing and hrlc-a-brac of the value
of $1425 were' destroyed on one occasion,
he says, and he adds that she has thus de
prived him of all his property other than
ols pension, which Is not destructible.
In IMvorce Complaint He Says His
"Wife Assaulted Him and De
stroyed Property.
John H. Simpson, a veteran of the civil
SIMPSON TEIXS STORY
OF HIS MARITAL WOES
in this city.
will give on Thursday, the 22d inst., a
grand continuous performance In aid of
the charity fund. The curtain will go up
sharply at high noon, and the theater
going public will have an opportunity to
witness one of the grandest performances
of Its kind ever held in this city :
The commttteo In charge of the affair
waited yesterday on Manager Maurice
Grau and after the great operatic mag
nate nad heard of the good local work the
association is doing In San Francisco he
willingly gave his consent to allow any of
his artists to appear at the performance
who may volunteer. David Blspham, the
singer who is now appearing in grand
opera in this city, kindly consented to ap
pear and Walter Damrosch, the great
musical genius, will accompany him in his
selections on the piano. The price of ad
mission to this remarkable benefit per
formance will be $2 for lower floor seats
and $1 in the balcony. Tickets are on sale
at the box office of all the local theaters
Associated Theatrical Managers' Per
formance in Aid of Charity Fund
Promises a Huge Success.
The Associated Theatrical Managers
DAVID BISPSAM Will
SING AT A BENEFIT
Lady Bnller'a Guardian.
Xnij'.am H. Chapman's appointment as
tructe* of the estate of Lady Mary Lellah
K. B. Tarde-Bul>r ha? been affirmed by
Jufige Bahrs. E. H. Wakeman. in a peti
tion asking for Chapman's removal, as
serted that Chapman had procured his
original appointment from the court
through fraud. In that h* had procured a
pap*>r nominating him for trustee from
Lady Buller when Fhe was mentally in
comp*t»r.t to make euch nomination.
Chapman filed a denial and his position
hsi b^en sustained.
San Francisco has not a population
large enough to entitle her to two mem
bers under the lower »atlo of 195.000. One
compact district, the same as the exist
ing Fourth, and another district compris
ing the remainder of the city, together
with the counties of San Mateo and Santa
Clara, as the Fifth is now* constituted,
will be the best that the peninsula can
expect. Santa Clara would rather be m
a district apart from San Francisco, but
Senator Cutter, secretary of the Repub
lican State Committee, who has carefully
studied apportionment problems, enter
tains the opinion that some such plan as
the foregoing should receive the favor of
the California delegation In Congress.
Only two States would fall short of exist
ing representation. In the general read
justment the Southern State* would gain
eight while the Atlantic, Middle West,
western and Pacific States would gain
twenty.
The chairman of the Census, Committee
of the House of Representatives. Mr.
Hepburn of Iowa, is In favor of a ratio
of 200.000 for membership. That would
mean also a member for every remainder
over 104,500. California would neither lose
nor gain representation under the Hep
burn ratio. Many- other States, however,
would be placed In the losing column. Th»
Increase all told would not exceed three
one member each for New York. IllinolJ
and Texas.
California may b« allowed eight mem
bers of Congress under the new national
apportionment. A ratio of 195,000 and 100.
000 or over remainder would Increase the
membership of the House of Representa
tives twenty-eight, but would leave every
State with the existing or an increassd
membership, except Virginia and Ne
braska, each of which would lose
one. Minnesota, New Jersey and
Pennsylvania would each gain two.
New York, Illinois and Texas would
each gain three. Each of the fol
lowing States would gain one: Arkansas.
California. Colorado. Connecticut, Florida.
Iowa, Louisiana, Massachusets, Mississip
pi. Missouri. North Carolina. North Da
kota. Washington, "West Virginia and
"Wisconsin.
the requirements of population may for
bid a change. Should the legislature tak*
Into Just consideration the prospects of
future growth. San Francisco and San
Mateo Counties together might constitute
two districts.
CALIFORNIA STANDS A CHANCE
TO GAIN MEMBER OF CONGRESS
In the matter of his preliminary txamlnatlon
into the condition and quality of (aid mllic th»
superintendent physician acted under and In
pursuance and obedience to specific orders
given in that behalf by this committee, and
e&ld superintendent phyMclan was Justified -in
the first instance. In ordering: raid suspeniilon
upon the written statements of three of the
employes of the hospital amertlnsT the existence
of said adulteration.
It Is the opinion of your committee that the
charges of adulteration made against said com
missary are not sustained by the evidence in
troduced. The evidence offered waa faulty, un
reliable and Insufficient, and not only failed
to establlsn any adulteration by the commis
sary, but was also of such indefinite character
that your committee was unable to trace culpa
bility for any asserted adulteration. It It
therefore recommended that the charges against
said- commissary be dismissed.
In the opinion of your committee the evidence
established incompetence, both mental and
[hycical, of the employs Richard* and the im
proper motive* of the employe Louis Loo, and
your committee respectfully recommenda their
discharge. **"¦ ve *
Your committee respectfully reoommends that
the commissary. Mr. Maguire. having been ex
onerated, should be reinstated in his said po
c'.tior. without any deduction from his salary
for lost of time pending bis suspension.
The report farther says:
While the committee declares that It wu tin
able to ascertain definitely whether the milk
was watered. It is a fact that e\'ld»nct was
given which »h<med that it was. The commit
tee U usabls to fix responsibility, however
owln* -to the fact that employes and patients
had access to the milk supply and the watering
was done promiscuously.
The action of the superintendent physi
cian In ordering the temporary suspen
sion of the commissary la indorsed, but
Maguire is restored to his position as
commissary. Louis Loo, the head cook,
and D. Richards, a former patient but
now a ward tender, were discharged from
their positions for falsely swearing that
Maguire had given them orders to water
the milk. The report says:
SuBsdorff was subjected to considerable
uncomfortable cross-questioning during
the trial by Attorney Matt Sullivan, but
the wor^t that Maguire could bring
against Sussdorff was that the latter
loved sparrows and hated cats.
Maguire experienced a change of heart,
however, on being assured that he would
be restored to his position, from which he
had been temporarily removed by Suss
dorff. If he (Maguire) would promise to
ke*p his mouth closed.
As -was expected, the Health Board's
investigation into the charge brought by
Superintendent Physician G. E. Sussdorf
of the City and County Hospital against
Commissary Maguire, that the latter had
watered the milk used in the Institution,
resulted in a complete exoneration for
Maguire. The. report of the Hospital Com
mittee to that effect was adopted by the
board last night. When the investiga
tion was begun v all sorts of sensational
disclosures were threatened by Maguire.
who, to use his own language, "was going
to pull the hospital down over somebody's
head before he *ot through."
Health Board Clears Maguire
and Restores Him to
His Position.
COMMISSARY DID
NOT WATER MILK
Attorney Van R. Paterson Recovers.
Attorney Van R. Paterson. whose con
dition has for f everal days been most pre
carious, has almost regained his shat
tered health and left yesterday for the
home cf his relative, Frank Kelsey. in the
Fouthera part cf the State. The news of
the popular attorney's recovery will be
hailed with joy his social and business
frier.'i?. as th«>v had feared the worst. Hli
phyciciar.s. however, now declare his re
covery to be almost complete, and after
a vacation cf a. w*>*k or so he will return
The pni^if>rs that were brought from
th*> Philippines on the transport Logan |
were transferred from the vessel to the i
•Pt^i^Io rwtwrtsT Thev a better '•
Presidio yesterday. They -were a »«*ter
appearing lot of men than those who arriv-
ei here on the Sheridan. The litter cases.
cf which there were twenty, were the
worst cases that have as yet been brought
»« th. *r,«-i*t«ii Tr w»« <.TWtMl that «t
to tne nospitai it wsu« expectea tnat at
leaf t two would die before reaching the
hospital, but they managed to survive the
trip. Thirteen of the 6«ldlers were sent
to the ir.Far.e ward. The men were ex-
ftnalned as soon as possible after their ar-
rival and as a result 104 were sent to the
quarters at the Presidio, having been
found fit for discharge. Out of the 263
8! ck 4?" d *I?H nd, e<i t°l dler» 1W were d«
c! 2. re<1 m need of further treatment.
The daughter of Colonel Girard. Mrs.
Captain A. R. Kerwin. arrived on the
Logan.
Major 8. O. I* Potter, surgeon United
States volunteers, has tendered his resig
natlon from the volunteer forces, to take
efTect December 1. Major Potter will re
8Urae practice in this city. ro"or m
The bodies of eighteen soldiers who died
in Manila were Interred in the National
Cemetery yesterday. There are still re
malnlng in the storeroom thirty bodies
awaiting burial.
Homecoming of the Fighting Men From
the Philippine Islands.
SICK SOLDIERS TRANSFERRED
FROM THE LOGAN TO HOSPITAL
LEE C. DUFF, the freshman foot- I
bell player who was injured in a
game about the first of this
month. Is not dead, as was re
pcrted in the evening papers yes
terday. He was rerrioved from an Oak
land hospital to his home on Bowditch
street. Berkeley, last evening. The young
man's condition is about the fame, very
little improvement being noticed.
The young man's Injury was In the
pp!ri<"». causing paralysis of the lower half
rf his body. He suffers excruciatlr.g pain
f.t times and has to be placed under the
influence of opiates. Although the best
of medical attendance has been given him
and several Fpecialists have been con-
suited, his case seems to be beyond help.
A large room has been prepared for him
at his home in order to give him every
comfort possible.
The cage is a remarkable one. It was
four days after he was injured before he
became paralyzed; The second day after
he had been hurt he attended the Cali
fornia-Stanford freshman football game
as Eubstltute center. At that time he
said he was not feeling well, but the seri
ous nature of his case was not dreamed
of.
A widely circulated report of the In
jured player's death to-day caused much
anxious Inquiry from friends'. Dr. J. 8.
Eastman, the attending physician, said
that although paralyzed there was no
cause for fear of death. His condition at
present was hopeful.
Scarcely had Mrs. Strickland left the
Morgue when an elderly woman, with
snowy white hair, arrived. She wa« la
boring under great excitement and asked
appeallngly for Mrs. Strickland. When
told that Mrs. Strickland had gone sha
said that she must £ee her— it was a
case of life or death. She asked the dep
uty who was on duty to tell Mrs. Strick
land, If she should return, that "Colum
bia's mother" had asked for her.
"Colombia's mother — and "Columbia ?
who could that mysterious person be? As
the day grew older the mystery deepened.
The gmy-haired. feeble, excited old lady
had left," refusing to give her name. Mrs.
Strickland would know who Columbia
was. Those who knew Haraszthy well at
once scented a romance. With his repu
tation as a gay blade and the cumulative
evidence held in the romantic n«ystery of
that name Columbia, those of his frienJs
who eaw the gayer side of-his life wero
prepared to believe whatever startling
disclosures might be made in the way of
entangled heartstrings. . .
The grief-stricken, excited old lady,
"Columbia's mother," It was learned last
night, was Mrs. J. H. von Schmidt, who
lives at 1612 Washington street. "Co
lumbia" is none other than her daugh
ter. Miss Columbia \J. von Schmidt, who
was formerly a stenographer In Har
aszthy's office. " .
Haraszthy spent the laBt hours of n!»
life with the Von Schmidts, ne had toM
other friends that he was going to dine
with friends and expected to be home
early, but It was midnight when he was
found lying on the sidewalk but little
more than a block from the Von Schmidt
home. He had evidently been intending
to take a Hyde-street car and was prob
ably waiting at the corner, his umbrella
raised to protect him from the driving
rain, when he was stricken down by" the
fatal heart disease. He was still breath
ing when passengers on a Hyde-street car
saw him and went to his aid, which must
have" been soon after he had sunk uncon
scious upon the sidewalk. Death over
took him before the ambulance reached
the Receiving Hospital.
Mrs. von Schmidt refused last night to
be Interviewed regarding Haraszthy's re
lations to members of her family. She ad
mitted, speaking from an upstairs win
dow, that Haraszthy had spent the even-
Ing with them. She said:
"He' was an intimate friend of our fam
ily and called often. He waa here Thurs
day night and we were all together In the
parlor. I do not remember what time he
"My daughter Columbia? She has been
very sick and is not able to see you. We
all feel very much broken up by Mr.
Haraszthy's sad death."
At this moment Miss Columbia appeared
at the window herself and leaning out
until the mass of brown hair crowning
Haraszthy's body wan identified early
yesterday morning and soon after It be
came known for a certainty who the deal
man was, his daughter, Mrs. George D.
Strickland, reached the Morgue. Her
grief was intense, the more 80 becaube
her father had met death under, such
distressing circumstances.
ARPAD HARASZTHY, manufac
turer of California champagnt,
scion of a noble Hungarian family,
and known among bohemians as
a bon vivant and prince of good
fellows, was found dying on the sidewalk
at the corner of Hyde and Washington
streets shortly before 1 o'clock yesterday
morning. Scarcely nad his body been
identified at the Morgue when incidents
occurred which point to a romance,
hedged about with mystery, that possibly
brightened his old age and made his life's
December seem but May.
Then Metson told of the finding of the
two orders In which Judge Noyes set
forth he had no further Jurisdiction in the
eas^s, orders to which Metson had - re
ferred in his previous testimony. He
said he found the orders slipped into the
record, with no file mark upon them and
no one knew where they had come from.
Metson was Just going on to tell how
Frost, the special agent of the Treasury
spent his time and that of his assistants
In gathering evidence for the McKenzle
plaintiffs and watching the defendants,
when the adjournment hour came ¦ and
the case went over until this morning.
The first news that the court was work-
Ing was conveyed to the mine-owners
when they were told their mine was In
the hands of a receiver. It would be in
teresting to know what would have hap
pened had Judge Noyes decided to hurry.
Then later on an injunction was granted
to restrain the defendants from working
the mine, and it was not until three weeks
later that the application for the injunc
tion was filed- This piece of legal fore
casting was done by Archie Wheeler, the
court reporter, who practiced law in his
leisure momenta. And still later. In a fit
of charity, the court made an order ap
pointing Wheeler court stenographer at a
salary of $30)0 a year. The appointment
was made to date from July L Wheeler
arrived at Nome on July 21 and the order
itself was not made out until the middle
of September.
Metson waa not satisfied with the small
bond of the receiver, and he appeared be
fore Judge Noyes to ask that it be In
creased. His request was refused, and
the court took occasion to lecture the city
attorney on the many great virtues of the
receiver.' Judge Noyes said McKenzie was
a man of sterling integrity and in this
case there was no necessity for a bond
at all. When Metson got to know him
better the Judge- added, he would recog
nize McKenzle's trua worth. But Metson
and the defendants had already discov
ered the true worth of the receiver. He
¦was running the mine In a most extrava
gant fashion, and In his hurry to get the
gold out he was skimming over the poorer
ground and was taking only that which.
was richest. • But that was only hiB worth
as a miner. . . " . , •
Some of the philosophy of McKehzie
was also given place in the record. It
seems he told Chipps that the idea was
to get the claim into litigation and then
let the owner appeal, but in the meantime
he could get ail the gold out.
"You understood, then, that you would
get a favorable decision?" asked Pills
bury.
"Yes, I suppose I did. McKenzle said
he could get a favorable decision, turn
the gold over to the plaintiff and let him
get out of the country with It."
To offset this Attorney Geary brought
out the fact that the case was to be tried
before a Jury, to offset which Pillsbury
again brought out the fact that the panel
of Jurors which waa to try the case waa
made up of Soapy Smith's gang, and that
there was more chance of them doing the
right thing for McKenzle than for the
court to do so. There seemed to be no
loophole nor opening of any kind that
was not stopped by some one belonging
to the company or owned by McKenzle.
Metson's story of the way the court ran
Its affairs was another revelation in
northern Justice, Its fountain was of the
prophetic order and it saw and filled the
want even before the courtesy was re
quested. The court arrived at Nome on
Saturday. July 2L Judge Noyea told
Judge Johnson, one of the defendant's at
torneys, that be was not going to hurry;
that he would probably record his com
mission in St. Michael before he opened
court and that would take nearly a week.
On Monday, July 23. he appointed Mc-
Kenzie receiver in charge of six mining
properties and It was six hours after the
appointment that the papers in the suits
in which he was suppoeed to have been
appointed were filed. When McKenzie
pot his appointment he posted out to the
Discovery, the richest In the bunch, and
took possession.
Another Interesting bit of information
was contained in Chipps' description of
how the company palmed off a lot of ma
chinery it had found not suitable on one
of Its receivers in the Topkok district.
The machinery had been purchased by the
company for use on the claims It had
wrested from the miners who were work-
Ins the beach. It was found of but little
use, however, and the matter of a receiver
for the Topkok mine being under consid
eration the machinery was loaded on
barges to await the appointment. When
the appointment was made the Ink was
r.ot dry before the barges were on their
way to Topkok. It was found that the
machinery could not be sold without ac
tion by the board of directors of the com
pany, so McKenzl© called the only di
rectors' meeting there is In the history of
the company. Chipps was at the meeting,
but as it waa only a formality anyway ho
did not pay enough attention to learn
what price was paid. "I knew It was a
good sale, though," said Chipps. Whatever
the price, it waa paid out of the proceeds
of the mine, and it must have been a good
one, for it is understood that the price
squeezed from the mine was more than
the machinery cost In the first . place.
Cameron, one of McKenzle's friends, waa
then receiver of the Topkok mine.
Metson gave some more testimony of
the same kind on the Blake suit. It was
a good deal of a surprise to the reputable
lawyers in Nome, he said, how attorneys
could prosecute two claims against the
Fame piece of property, each claim diamet
rically opposite to the other and each tend
ing to destroy the other title should It pre
vail. The plaintiffs were bound to get hold
of the claim anyhow.
"No, not if 1 won first. If I won, he
couldn't get it from me." was the way
Chipps figured on the situation.
"Yes, I rather think It was," said the
crestfallen Chipps.
"Wasn't it a blackmailing claim brought
by your attorneys. Hubbard, Beeman &
Hume, po that if the mine owners should
be proved to have been naturalized the
Blake suit could go right on?"
"Yes."
"And If it prevailed wouldn't it have de
stroyed your title?"
"Wasn't the suit brought as a cudgel to
whip the owners of the claim Into a com
promise? Wasn't it brought so that If in
case you slipped up on any of your own
proceedings you would have something
else to fall back upon?" pursued Pills
bury-
"Yes, they were my 1 attorneys," an
swered the witness; "but they told me It
would be all right."
"You loaned >qur attorneys to Blake to
bring a suit hostile to you?" was the way
Pillsbury summed it up in a question to
Chipps. .
The most Interesting part of the day's
proceedings was the description of the
Blake euit by Chipps and by Metson. The
euit was brought against the owners of
the Discovery claim, on Anvil Creek, as
coon as it was known that the owners ot
Discovery could produce proofs of citizen
ship. Chipps' tuit rested mainly on the
contention that they were foreigners and
were therefore not entitled to hold land.
Blake's claim was that he had grubstaked
the three partners and was therefore en
titled to a large interest in their claim.
Had Blake's claim prevailed there would
have been an end to the Chipps claim,
and had Chipps' contention proved suc
cessful Blake would be nowhere. The
suits were as opposite in Interest as two
suits well could be, yet thev were both
brought by the same lawyers— Hubbard,
Beeman & Hume. *
The somewhat agile justice dispensed in
the court of Nome and some of the meth
ods that characterized It were the burden
of the testimony taken in the Dubois con
tempt matter before' Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday. There were two wit
nesses under examination, Robert Chipps,
who has left the stand for good so far as
the preliminary examination is concerned,
and W. H. Metson. the attorney, who is
still under examination. ,
How Attorneys Played Both Ends
Against the Middle to Capture
the Rich Discovery
Claim.
Peculiar Quality of Justice
Dispensed by District
Judge Noyes.
COURT ORDERS
ISSUED BEFORE
PAPERS FILED
her head touched and whitened still more
by contrast the silky, snowy locks of her
mother, she asserted with suppressed ex
citement that they knew nothing of Mr.
Haraszthy. Then her mother forced her
back from the window and explained
again to the reporter that her daughter
was too ill for even a word by way of
interview.
"I made a very foolish mistake." Mrs.
X~on Schmidt said, "when I mentioned her
name at ¦ the Morgue this morning. . I
was unstrung by grief or I never should
have made such a mistake..
"My daughter Columbia engaged to Mr.
Haraszthy? Well, you can set that rumor
right. No, there was no thought of any
such thing between them. He was just
a good friend of our family."
And Mrs. Von Schmidt withdrew from
view, closed the window- and pulled tl-e
blind down.
Mrs. Strickland, the daughter of the
deceased, was seen by The Call reporter
at the home of her aunt, Mrs. Michael
Flood. 723 Polk street. She admitted
knowing the identity of the woman who
had asked for her at the Morgue, but re
fused at first to give her name. She said
that the anxious inquirer was an oli
friend of the family and that the daugh
ter Columbia and she were very dear
friends. Later she gave Mrs. Von
Schmidt's name, but said she knew noth
ing of the family and believed that Col
umbia had married since the time when
she was employed as a typewriter In her
father's office.
"I will say this much," Mrs. Strickland
volunteered. "My father had no entangle
ments with any woman. He was a wid
ower and was not engaged. His estate
is not so big that there need • be any fear
of efforts to prove claims to It by any
but his recognized heirs."
Arpad Haraszthy was a generous soul —
too generous for his own good — a high
liver and possessed of a keen sense of en
joyment of life's pleasures. He was one
of the six charter members of the Bohe
mian Club and It was he who proposed
George T. Bromley for membership and
secured his election. On all matters con
nected with the growing of wine grapes
and the making of wines Mr. Haraszthy
was an expert and took pleasure in im
parting to others the valuable results of
his observations, reading and experience.
Wine making was not his only fad. He
loved a good dinner washed down with his
own champagne, a bit of opera and
above all a pretty woman, for he had all
the gallantry of the typical Frenchman.
In his office on Washington street he had
rigged a hammock and a white canvas
screen as background for his work In
amateur photography, his lady visitors, of
whom there were many, being the sub
jects of his camera. In that room was
consumed much sparkling champagne
that was never paid for by the people who
drank it.
The social side of his nature was un
duly developed, however, and he was far
from being a "hustler" In business. For
that reason his profits and sales were not
as large as they should have been consid
ering the low prices at which he placed
his champagne on the market. His gen
erosity led him Into acts of financial im
prudence, and his eagerness to assist his
friends with his signature made large in
roads upon his income. Last spring he
went to Nome with his brother, Bela
Haraszthy, an expert miner, in the hope
of .replenishing- his wealth. The life in
Alaska did not agree with him. Coarse
food and other hardships of mining camp
life told upon his health. He returned
from Alaska only last Wednesday, being
a passenger on the steamer Kimball. He
brought with him a number of nuggets
and reported to his family and friends
that he had located a number of claims
which he had reason to believe were rich
enough In the yellow metal to make him
a wealthy man when next summer should
bring the opportunity to work them.
During his six months' absence his
champagne business was conducted by his
daughter, Mrs. George D. Strickland,
widow of a naval officer. Her mother
was Miss Jovita Vallejo, the beautiful
daughter of General Guadalupe Mariano
Vallejo. The mother died years ago. Mrs.
Strickland and Carlos Haraszthy were the
offspring of the union. Carlos Is now en
gaged In business In Tahiti.
Arpad Haraazthy had an ancestry of which
any man might Justly be proud. He was born
in Hungary in 1S40. His father was Count
Agoston Haraszthy, the Intimate friend of
Kossuth. The discovery of & plot in which he
wan associated with Kossuth for the liberation
of Hungary forced him to flee for his life. He
came to America, and later by the intercession
of our Government Austria consented to let
him return to Hungary and bring his family
out to the New World. After living for a time
in New York he came across the plains to Cali
fornia, and some years after he planted a vine
yard in 8onoma County and became one of the
pioneer vltlculturists of California. He diet!
in Nicaragua.
The gTeat-gcrandfather of Arpad Haraszthy
was Viceroy to the King of Dalmatla.
Arpad Haraszthy. while still a young man,
made a careful study of the wine-making in
dustry and spent months in France and along
the Rhine for that purpose. He became Im
bued with the idea that California was an
ideal place for the manufacture of champagne,
and on his return to the State in 1S62 he in
vested many thousands of dollar* la that en
terprise.
Mrs. Ida Hancock of La Bruyere rancho.
In Los Angeles County, and Mrs. Michael
Flood, 723 Polk street. In this city, are
sisters of deceased. The body was re
moved yesterday afternoon to the Flood
residence.
The 'autopsy showed that heart disease
.was the cause of death.
The funeral services will b« held at 2
o'clock to-morrow afternoon from St.
Mary's Cathedral. The services and the
Interment .will be private.
Death of Champagne Manufacturer Brings
Partial Disclosure of Secret.
ROMANCE BRIGHTENED
HARASZTHY'S OLD AGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1900.
DUFF, THE INJURED
FRESHMAN, NOT DEAD
He Has Been Moved From the Hospital to a
Room in His Own Home.
ARPAD HARASZTHY. WHOSE
DEATH DISCLOSED A RO
MANCE. '
(From Photograph by Thors.)
LEE C. DUFF. THE FOOTBALL. PLATER. WHO "WAS HURT IN A RE
CENT GAME IN' BERKELEY. HIS SPINE WAS INJURED AND HE
IS PARALYZED.
9
Write for new catalogue '<* watches, Jewelry &
silverware. Hammersmith & Field, 36 Kearny. •
• • For a Cold in the Head;
.Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets. ¦•
GBAPE-NTJTS.
BRAINS REPAIRED,
Polished and Sharpened by an
Expert.
TThat are brains ma£s of?
Albumen and delicate particles of Phos-
phate of Potash. Chemical examination
of the perspiration and urine -will deter-
mine the amount of recent brain work, by
the amount of Phosphate of Potash found.
for these delicate particles are thrown out
from brain and nerve centers during ner-
vou activity. «¦«<* nnd thelr t""* to
earth through pores, kidneys, boweli, etc !
There Is but one true way to repair the
daily loFses. and that way. Is to furnish
the body with food containing a Buffldent
amount of tbe*e two element*. When the
brain It not properly fed. the evidence Is
Fhown by a gradual decrease In the men-
tal and physical powers of the body.
A food expert of the Postum Cereal
Co.. Urn., at Battle Creels. Mich., has
prepared a crisp, dainty and delidous
food for the express purpose of quickly
and surely rebuilding the brain and nerve
renters and has given It the name of
Grape-Nuts.
This food Is made by selecting the
proper parts of srralns and treating- them
by heat, moisture and time In practically
the eame manner Nature does in the hu-
man body during the first part of dl£es-/
tlon. The result Is thit the finished food
not only contains the needed element* for
brain building, but they are ready to be
presented to Mother Nature In such a
rhape that she quickly absorbs and uses
them. The good, Bolid. substantial re-
Fults obtained every day by people who
use Grape-Nuts proves the facts.
Th* new food Is found In all flrst-class
grocery 6tores and Is one of the most
toothsome *and palatable novelties yet
produced. In the way of food, requiring
r.o cooking or preparation of any sort.
but, on the contrary. It Is ready for im-
mediate «»« and suited to the athlete,
brain worker, epicure or Invalid.
4f| |iAA#| REWARD. — W« have deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn. $5000,
V |% 1 1 I which will b« paid to any person who can find that th** above testimonial letters
m\ III are not genuine, or were published before obtaining th« writer's special per-
WUVUU mission. LYDIA E. PINKHAM MEDICINE CO.
Of all the diseases knowra with which the female organism is afflicted, kidney
disease is the most fatal. In fact, unless early and correct treatment is ap-
plied, the weary patient seldom survives.
Being fully aware of this, Mrs. Pinkham, early in her career, gave ex-
'i\ustive study to the subject, and in producing' her great remedy for woman's
fls — Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound — was careful to see that it
contained the correct combination of herbs which was sure to control that
fatal disease, woman's kidney troubles. The Vegetable Compound acts in har-
mony with the laws that govern the entire female system, and while there
are many 6O called remedies for kidney troubles, Lydia E. Pinkham's Veg^
table Compound is the only one especially prepared for women.
The following letters will show how marvellously successful it is :
Aug. 6, 1S©9.
•' Dear Mrs. Pixkham : — I am fail-
ing very fast. — since January have
lost thirty-five or forty pounds. I
have a yellow, muddy complexion,
feel tired, and have bearing 1 down
pains. Menses have not appeared for
three months ; sometimes I am trou-
bled with a white discharge, and I also
have kidney and bladder trouble. . .
I have been this way for a long time,
and feel so miserable; I thought I
would write to you, and see if you
could do me any good." — Miss Ed>*a
Fbedkrick, Troy, Ohio:
Sept. 10, 1S99.
•• Dear Mrs. Pixkham : — I have
•used Lydla E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound according to directions,
and can say I have not felt so well
for years as I do at present. Before
taking your medicine a more miser-
able person you never saw. I could
not eat or sleep, and did not care to
talk with any one. I did not enjoy
life at all. J»ow, I feel so well I can-
not be grateful enough for what you
have done for me. You are surely a
woman's friend. Thanking you a
thousand times, I remain,
Ever yours
Miss Edna. Frederick,
Troy, Ohio.
'• Dear Mrs. Pctkham : — I have
taken five bottles of Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound and cannot
praise it enough. I had headaches.
leucorrhoea, falling 1 of the womb, an£
kidney trouble. I also had a pair
when standing or walking, and some-
times there seemed to be balls of fir«
in front of me, so that I could not sec
for about twenty minutes. Felt at
tired in the morning when I got uj
as if I had had no sleep for two weeks-
Had feinting spells,was down-heartc*!
and would cry." — Mrs. Beetha OFEa
Second and Clayton Sts., Chester Pa.
"Dear Mrs. Pixkham: — I canno*
find language to express the terribli
suffering I have had to endure. I ha4
female trouble, g~~~- ¦* g^t
also liver,stomach, (f £^^SS^c\
kidney, and blad- J) JS^^^^Vs "
I tried several doo- *-i \Sj I
tors, also quite a j \ 7 X V **" W I
number of patent Y \ K \
medicines, and had / V V^ JF Xj
despaired of ever a JY^in#5V_\
petting well. At Xaffi^S^^X
last I concluded to Y^^^tSj&J^oS
try Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable —^*"^
Compound, and now, thnnks to youj
medicine, I am a well 'woman. I can
not praise your medicine too highly
for I know it will do all, and ever
more, than it is recommended to do
I tell every suffering woman about
your Vegetable Compound, and urgt
them to try it and see for themselves
what it will do." — M»3. Mast A.
Hiple, No. Manchester. Ind.
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound is Especially Successful in
Curing this Fatal Woman's Disease.
WOMAN'S KIDNEYTROUBLES
Bi if Soil 1 BsUviiuBiVI
ADVERTISEMENTS.
«llffilP
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Just to Try
A KOHLER & CHASE
PIANO i* to learn at once whv
it is ihe MOST POPULAR
instrument. This is surely the
best piano on the market for
the money. Call and see our
new styles. Over ioo instru-
ments to self ct from.
We give ea*I?st terms.
K0HLER& CHASE,
THE OLD REUABLB.
26-30 O'FARRELL ST.,
RAN FRANCISCO.
WHITE COTTOLENE is
absolutely the best cooking fat —
best for the appetite and best for
the health. Highly recommend-
ed by physicians.
*5f. T TiiA The N.K.Falrbank Company.
< J|O^ FREE ! o- *£lZ £££..
••^^•//irt* mailed frw» to any address. Jor
-*5ItV*-#J&. one 2o »?aanp we will *«nd trre oat
*^^SS't lVt p *? 8 recl P 8 ***>*. -Horn*
VfcftgpggjLy Help*. 7 «dltc<t by Un. Bans.Bradstreefs on Trade.
* Provisions were fairly active and rather ner
vous. : at ¦ times apparently * Inclined • to stiffen
and at other periods rullns; weak under the vol
ume of product offered.' The prospect of a heavy
run of j hog» next ; week = was " a depressing i ln-
Corn hail a mildly exciting experience. . The
market- opened lower on the bearishness of the
Government report. Offerings were liberal, but
the • decided attitude taken by leading bull
scalpers held the market in .check* until : the
last hour, holding the price of December c'ose
to -yesterday's final . figures. . During the last
hour, however. '. this support melted away. .' The
wheat weakness was felt and the increased
offerings \ from " first hands ¦ alarmed : lon?s and
encouraced the bears. ¦. December broke sharp
ly and wound up in a weak state; He down nt
35MS-33%C. ' •¦ :< - .- ¦: -, ' ¦¦,, „ - - • . ... , ¦;
. Oats showed Just enough movement to show
that 1 life had not . fled ¦ completely. December
closed li@?»c ; lower.
Offerings were liberal and the demand limit
ed : and December dropped | early, to 71%e_ On
profit-taking by shorts a reaction to 71%©71 s ic
followed. " There was very little cash b stuff
wanted, , and as outside people ; showed no dis
position to assume the burden of holding up
prices, the market sagged ". again. December
dropped to 71»4c s and closed 14c under yester
day at 71U@71*4e. .'¦¦¦' ¦. " -¦ - . . ¦:--,, : - . . -..-
CHICAGO. Xov. 18.— The session In the wheat
pit, save for a few brief punctuations in the
shap* of Incipient rallies, was of long exhibi
tion of liquidation by holders and short selling
by traders looking- -for prices still < lower, al
though to-day's trading established a new low
price record for this crop. The news was bear
ish from, start to finish. The market opened
under the Influence of . indifferent cables, fa
vorable crop reports and a Broomhalle esti
mate of an Argentine exportable surplus of 64.
000,000 ; bushels. December opened 14 to % to
lifc&ic lower at 72H@71!»c. ""¦.
extra cream do. J3 SO; Oat Groats. . J4 50; Hom
iny. "n J3 S04S3 73; .:;< Buckwheat ' Floor, <4fJ4 25-
Cracked Wheat,: J3 50; ; Farina, :¦ $4 50; Wholo
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as' fol
lows, usual : discount to the trade: -• Graham
Flour, :tt per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. 12 75; Rye
Meal. ¦ $2 30: ? Rice Floury 57;" Corn . Meal.- $2 75;
FLOUR— California : Family Extras. J3 60®
S 75. usual terms; • Bakers' Extras, ~ JJ 4C©3 50;
Oregon and Washington. J2 73-^rtO per i bbl for
Tamlly and $J 15©3 50 for bakers' : Eastern.
J4 73©5 75 per bbl. ~T
• White. $1 J0*?l 4714: Surprise. Jl 4*fl 55:Red.
.$1 15£1 25 for feed and Jl 2WJ1 37U for seed-
Gray,- Jl 2E©1 35; Black, for feed. *1 12ii©l 3J
for se**L tl 20® 1 3» per ctl.
: CORX— Eastern. Yellow. Jl TZM; WHlte. Jl *2U-
Eastcrn mixed, ;$1 rofil 221a per ctl.
RYE— 90@32!ic per cU.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at Jl 75@2 per ctL
Flour and Millstuffs.
n— May— MOO ctls,
Informal Session— 9:15 o clock— May— 2000 ctls,
74Hc.--'. •¦.-¦•. ¦¦¦-.-¦¦¦¦¦:
Second Session— No sales.
. Regular Moraine Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— May — SOOO ctls. <3e.
OATS — The - rain . afTected the market and
trade was dull. . - -¦»;
CALL BOARD SALES.
Feed. 73c for choice bright. 72!£fi73£c for No.
1 and 67!i@70c for off grades: Brewing and
Shipping grades, SOgS3c; Chevalier, nominal.
- BARLEY— The heavy rain weakened the mar
ket and quotations were lower, with a corre
sponding decrease in the demand.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 8000 ctls.
11C4H: 38,000. Jl C4H: 26.000. Jl 04H- December
— 4CC0. SSK.C
Second . Session— May-2000 ctls, Jl C4H- -
Regular Morning Session— May— 12.C0O ctls,
$1 0414: CCOO. $104%. December— 4000. 9Sc.
Afternoon Session— May— S500 ctls. SI C4H:
22.00«. SI 04Vi. December— MCO. SSc.
CALL BOARD SALES
Chicago retorted renewed liquidation, -with
bcth long and short selling. . Long Wheat again
came out. which gave the market a weak ap
pearance. In addition. December liquidation
is approaching. The Government Corn report
is more bearish than expected, as lt raises the
estimate for the country 130.0«X».000 bushels.
The local: market sympathized with the oth
ers and was lower, both on and oft call.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97Uc; Milling, Jl®
1 0215 per ctl.
Broomhall cabled that the Argentine surplus
for export this year will be 64.000.0CO bushels.
The Argentine shipments this week amount to
776,000 bushels, against 144,000 for the preceding
week and 810,000 fcr the same week last year.
'- WHEAT — The market continues to decline all
over the world, and Liverpool, Paris, New
York and Chicago fell off again.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, SO days — J4 814
Sterling Exchange, eight.. — 4 tt\
Sterling Cables — 4 S3
Xew York Exchange, sight — 714
Xew York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 64
Mexican Dollars, nominal... 50H Q 51
Exchange and Bullion.
The stock market's activity has been on a
falling scale this week, and the transactions,
though still very large, have lost the marks
of an excited speculative spirit which pre
vailed after the election. On Monday last the
transactions at the Xew Tork Stock Exchange
rose to 1,700,000 shares, an unprecedented figure,
but for the first time since Wednesday. Xovem
ber 7, it was evident that the selling wan
greater than the buying. The profit-taking was
the main cause for the outpouring of stocks,
though the professionals were tm some extent
sellers for short account. The Industrials,
which at the close of last week had begun to
take the lead and show the large rises, were the
chief sufferers, their decline being accelerated
by the fact that rats of Interest for money as
sumed a ] harder tone, particularly | where I In
dustrial stock figured to any extent as collat
eral. The firmness of money, in fact, seemed
to Influence the entire stock list, and the realiz
ing eales were on a much larger scale, while
the buying power was materially reduced, ex
cept at concessions. The largest recession en
Monday afternoon and Tuesday were In the
Industrials, but there were no very serious
drops save in the case cf the American Lln
seed Company stocks, which were affected by
preliminary advances. The railroad list felt
the effect of profit-taking for a time, and prices
were generally somewhat lower, although at the
depression very good buying was seen, and the
standard railroad stocks, after holding their
ground at the slightly lower level, became
stron- again and tended to advance under the
lead cf Pennsylvania, Northern Pacific and
ether prominent favorites. In these movements
rumors of pending deals, auch as one of a
possible acquisition of Jersey Central by the
Pennsylvania and other^trunk line > interests,
played a leadinz part. The dissolution of the
Northern Pacific voting trust wu accompanied
fcy reports that a combination of some kind
with the Great Xorthern was In prospect. The
reports were denied, but there was large buy-
Ing of the Northern Pacifies for London, with
which center the disposition since the election
had been to sell Americans, but in the latter
part of this week, the foreign" purchases of
stocks have rather exceeded the sales. ,.¦: The
renewed strength of the railroad list also af
fected the Industrials, but the Improvement In
that division was on a more restricted scale,
the . activity being confined to a few leading
Issues, of • which Tennessee Coal was the most
conspicuous.
NEW TORK, Nov. II.— Bradstreefa Finan
cial Review to-morow will sayrv
Bradstreet s Financial Review. I
Ga* »f much; Brooklyn Union Gas, 4«4 ; while
New Tork Air Brake made one of it* char
acteristic skyrocket Eights of JS points, ri-
J»rt i"r half that amount. The <rx>Wng;
etrength of the market vu evidently due to
the determined buying of the class which held
ei«of from the excited trading after e'ectku.,
rortdent that a reaction must cosne which
vooM leave the market hesJthler. even though
nx lusber prices. ProCts on the day's advances
mere attractive enough to Induce some i>elllng
tc«-ard the close, bat the eSect upon prices
was slight and the ckelar wax active *i.d
steady.
The eubstantlal character of the bujring wi
even more manifest ta the bond market thar.
in the *tock market, with hlgh-rrade bonds
otniing into additional favor. Prices are very
renerally cipher. ToUi eale*, par value, U,-
S29.00C.
United State* bonds were unchassed on the
UFt call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Ehares Ooslng
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
7.5J0 Atchison 87Ti
123.7<rf> Atchieon pretd ................... gl%
I'"..:-'') Haltimore & Ohio................ f? ! ,
Canadian Padflc *7» 4
l.yn) Canada Southern 57
&.Tno Chesapeake & Ohio 33H
I.€D» Chicaga Great Western 13"4
£S.iM)O caicaso Buriinrton &. Qnlncy. 137li
lfltt Chicago Ind tc Louisville. 24
rw Chicago Ind tc Louisville prefd 67
430 Chicago k Eastern Illinois. 99
4* Chicago & Northwestern ...1S71J
2J.C00 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific US
2.«09 C C C t St Louis &%
7.«0« Colorado Soothem 6*»
tXB Oolurado eouthera 1st prefd....'. 41
ICEW TORK. Nov. 1«.— Although to-day" s
business Jn stocks did not recover to the full
measure cf this week's potat of volu-ne tha
tone cf the trtJilzif anfi the ehowlar of ttrensth
mere the most imposing and substantial that
fcave be^n made since the election. The fever
irh and sensational movement in Isolated
stocks cz:i the indiscriminate ruiii to buy yet
terday in a lump were not $hown to-day. In
stead there was a steady and perslstc-nt aU
•orrticn -of stocks of th« beet character with
legitimate speculative prospects of Increased
earning power or increased security by reason
cf sdJed carnirES for Junior securities. In the
early dealings the speculation showed a dis
j>f5ltion to look for leadership, and powerful
leaders were at hand to ir.a.u<urat» Invltiasr
acvances in mlr=o«t every group In the ex
change. The absence of realizing pressure as
the advar.c/ 1 * were easily made encouraged trt
growth vl the demand and strength tras dis
tertunated all through the list. The Eastern
trunk lines and the coalers were ratk^r con •
sptcuous exceptions and were not largely tradul
Jn aor wiicly moved, but there was no positive
weakness manifested even there. There was
co important exception to the upward cour*;
of prices and errrcr.g the ctocks of railroads
rn.ll through the South and West. Including the
trr-r.--. -. ¦¦:it:r.»T.ia; lince. the strensth wu nstou
fcfcinrly uniform, ihere was scarcely a rail
road ttack traded In which did not gain at
lea.n a point. Not a few rose 2 points or
mcr. while Iiurllrxv>n and Atchlson preferred
S«.ine<2 rcepTtiveiy 3S »Lnd 2'+. The soft coal
roads ai^o made a Rood showing of etreagtlu
The prelerred stocks or reorganized railroade
M»r* evidently the favorites la the speculation
firm the cay cr.e &5ter the other of them
«.-** brrrught forward' into the trading. Those
»?uii protspects of increased dividends and th3«e
¦ Irradv rc<^lvln« their full <livi<5end rlgnts
•eemed to be tn equal favor. The iron and
Si#*l stocks were notably «ror.g and in Col
orado Purl the rain was 4%j; In Tennessee Co«l
;*« and in Hoop preferred 3 s *. Others of the
gr«j-jj> saSncd ~ point* or upward. The local
tr-at-ticrn stock and the bish-prtced lnduntnais
wt-r* strong, but not conspicuous. General
riectnc get up another C, points. Consolidat.u
Ndv York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW TORK, No>v. 16.— There was consider
able irreeulartty developed In the market • for
metals to-day. Tin -was a shade ¦, lower on an
absence of buyers and unfavorable reports from
abroad, closing barely steady at 128 TaifSS. Spel
ter on the other hand displayed firmness, owing
to rood export Inquiry, and closed firmer at
J4 nVt<3* 321-4- The rest of the list was un
chanped. Pig Iron warrants were quiet at 53^
10. Lake copper, quiet, at JtS 75@17. Lead,
quiet, at »4 3714- The brokers' price for lead
was $4 and for copper $17. -
¦New York Metal Market.
¦* — — *
NEW YORK. Nor. IS.— FLOUR— Receipts.
14,4<9 barrels; exports, 7179 barrels; sales, S100
packases. Market weak and E@10c lower on
all grades. Winter patents. S3 G0@3 90; winter
straights. J3 40^3 65; Minnesota patents, J3@
4 25; winter extras, S2 6O@2 90; Minnesota
bakers'. $3g3 25; winter low grades. S2 15©2 60.
WHEAT — Receipts. 134.175 bushels: exports.
36.276 bushels; sales, 3,S75,C00 bushels futures
and- 260,000 bushels spot. Spot. weak. No. 2
red. 7SUc f. a b. afloat; Xo. 2 red, 7€*ic ele
vator; Xo. 1 Xorthern Duluth, 83»ic f. o. b.
afloat; Xo. 1 hard Duluth, SSc f. o. b. afloat.
Options were weak and heavy all day, through
persistent selling for both accounts and a
broad array of bear news. Included in the lat
ter belnc weak cables, small clearances, heavi
ness in outside markets. bearish Argentine
shipments and crop news, absence of outside
support and light export trade. Closed weak at
K*i\c decline. Sales Included No. 2 red.
March. JO\@Sl?»c, closed 80%c; May. JO 3-160
81 l-16c, closed S0»ic: Xovember. closed 771ic;
December, 77 9-16<S78 S-16C. closed 77|ic
HOPS — Quiet ; State common to choice 1900
crop, 16®:0Hc: 1M0 crop. 115J15o: old. 2£o-
Pacific Coast, 1900 crop. 15(519c: 1S9S crop, 103
14c; old. 2'56c.
WOOL- Dull.
HIDES— Firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. quiet Xo. 7 Invoice
7Hc; mild, quiet; Cordova. SHftlS^c. Futures
closed easy at a net loss of 5®10 points. Total
sales, 21,000 bags, including: Xoveraber. SS 65-
December. SC 55<S« 65: March, JS 75(28 SO; April
tt SO; May, S6 85@6 85; July. |6 85; September.
S6 90^7 05, and October. 17. , ,
SUOAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, STic bid;
centrifugal. 96 test, 4Hc bid; molasses sugar,
3%c bid; refined, steady.
BUTTER — Receipts, . 2938 packasres. firm:
creamery. 19@27c; Jane creamery, 18^-24c* fac
tory. 13@1514c.-. • ¦¦¦ . .
EGGS— Receipts. «6M packages r' firm. West
ern regular package, at mark, 41325c; Western
iocs off. 27c.
DRIED FRUITS.
While not particularly active, the market for
1 evaporated apples developed considerable stead
iness of undertone on a scarcity of sellers and
the light supply on hand. At the close, how
ever. - prices remained as last quoted, on the
basis of 4fT5c for common; prime. 4H@5Vic;
choice. oH^c: fancy, &{?6Hc.
California fruits were dull and unchanged.
PRUNES— SlAflTc per pound, aa to size and
'fluality.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll®14c; Moorpark. 15>J?lSc.
PEACHES — Peeled, 16"g20c; unpeeled. Gg9c.
A rtcrrn cf considerable energy overlies the
North Pacific and is close to the Washington
coast. The pressure at Xeah Bay is 2S.32 Inches
and at Eureka S3. 64 inches. During the past
twer.ty-four hour* there has been a fall or
four-tenths cf en inch or more from the mouvh
ci the Columbia River to Georgian Straits.
etonr. »aralr.gf are dlfplayed along the coast
it high southwest mir.ds in the rtcinlty of
Astoria, southeast over Puget Sound, northeart
e.lor.g the straits of Juan de Fuca. Stoim
WBJT.ings are also displayed along the coast
Of California for high southeast winds north of
Fan Francisco. Advisory messages have bevii
BtM to s!l southern coast stations.
The terrf-erature ha» fallen over nearly all cf
the coua-.ry west ci the Rocky Mountains.
Hair, has fallen generally over the . coast.
Tl-.e following heavy rainfalls are reported:
Neah Bay i.;o. Eureka I.a6 inches.
A thunderstorm is r^poro^i at Red Bluff, i
Forecast Tns.de at Francisco for thirty
tours fndiag ir.idnight. November 17. 13G0:
Northern California— Cloudy weather with
rain Saturday; fresh southeasterly wind*, prob
• biy high at sea.
Southern Caiiforr.la— Ooufiy Eatunlay with
rain: tresh southerly wind.
Nevada— Rain Saturday.
Utah— Klin ; colder Saturday.
Arizona — Cloudy Saturday: probably rain.
San Francisco and vicinity — Rain Saturday;
fcrftk eouiherlv winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
Saa Francisco data — Maximum temperature.
C3: minimum. t€; mean. 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
There 1« no farther chaag* la Butter and
Eggs.
Meats, Poultry and Game are about aa bef or*.
There is nothing new In Fruits ar.d v> ff »
tables. There seldom Is at this time of d»
year.
Ccal. per too —
Cannel S ©1» 00 Southfield
Wellington .. ©1100' Wellington.. ©11 00
Seattle » 00© ICocs Bay — <J 7 iO
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, choice, sq. 40©50 Camssca Egi*....cgca
Do, good 30® — Ranch £& s », per
Pickled 35^40 dozen 35340
rub. per lb 25@ — Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Cal 12®13 pound IZQZH
Cheese, Eastern.. 17 a 20 Do, extracted. ..19£li
Cheese. Swiss 20«@&
Meats, per lb —
Bacon 13^@ 16 [Round Steak VY&—
Beef, choice l*&20!51rfoln Steak 12-jf —
Do, good 10® VI (Porterhouse <Jo....20"£—
Cornea Beet. — Jei'^Smcked Beef —"915
Ham. 13 y l^lPork. salt 12£U
Lard — QU Pork Chops li&H
Mutton lC-tfl. 1 Pork Sausage*. .12^^31
Lamb w-jii Veal 12ff*S
Pork, fresh 1-ts —
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each si>#S»1 Dorea. per do»...75-3»>
Youns Roosters. Quail, per doz..Sl iCQZ
each 50g«5 English Snipe, per
Did Roosters, ea..40fc50 dozen C WQ
Fryers, each 4C&4-J Jack Snipe... II jfi.^
Broilers, each 30tS 4/ Mallard. cair....75c£Sl
Turkeys, per Ib..lS l 822:CanvastjacK ..TTlOli —
Ducks, each 5C-&&J- Sprig CJTS
Geese, each.. .SI 5C-Q1 7i Teai XQS
Pigeons, pair *H8Zi. Widgeon S*s—
Rabbits, pair 40^^-Smail Duck 40&—
Hare, each — e^O.Wild Geeae. poir..50#40
1 Fruits and Nuts —
Almonds, per It».. 15© -i Plums, per » 5^ S
Apples 48 5 Raisins, per E>... *@l»
Bananas, doz l*£20| Raspberries. dr...33£ij
Grapes, per lb 6 ©13 ; Strawberries, per
Oranges, dez 2e'u.iO drawer VfM
L.irr.es>. per doa 10612 Walnuts, per 1S>..L..»—
Lemons, doz.......l3ffid
! Vegetables-
Asparagus, per n>.30^-!Onlon*. per a — IS I
Artichokes. dox.-.50*j:73 Okra. green, pr Tb.ia5;i2
Beets, doa 10© — P*pp*rs. green. rt> Sain
Beans, white. Ux. 51? S Potatoes, per lb.. 13—
Colored, per lb-.lOIJ— I Sweet Potatoes, lb VQ—
Lima, per to — « Si Parsnips, per dos.^0®—
Cabbage, each MJ — j Radishes, dz bchs.l55^>
Cauliflowers, each £'<? — ;Sa«e, doz bcch»-..liS3a
Celery, bunch 1*S — j String Beans, lb.. i\fii
Cress, das bnch»..:vaS Summer Squasa..
rucuir.bers. pr Az.VMZi) per lb JtSU
Egg Plant, lb. . . . . «¦©— ! Thyme, per Il> 23330
Green Peas, lb S#lSj Turnips, per doz.15^—
Lettuce, per doa..l5ii?C!>'Toniaio«3. per la. i.^ i
Klsh- »,-
Barracuda VQlsi
Carp »eu Shad Sg;a
Codtish 1231-jfea Baas —gii
Flounders ., 10«li;SmeIta 12©—
Halibut ... * 1CO15: Soles 10^—
Kingfish ..J. *C— £**'*»• «ch Sfci3
Mackerel 15g- Tcneod _ &I5
Do, Horse 12Vi£— Clams, jallca 50.5—
Perch 1U612 Do. hardshell. B> J013
Pomplno 90O— Crab*, each 12S©—
RockSsn 12>*.§- Do. BoftsheU. dz40- < j —
Salmon, fresh 2U£— Mussels, quart 5#13
Do* stacked —^H Oysters, Cai. 10O..4&^^)
Shrtmpa S4D Do* Eaatera. da.234?*U
Family Retail Market.
Packer hides at Chicago have ceased to ad
vance, but remain firm at top figures and coun
try hides made further gains. Tanners are not
buying eagerly, and offerings are also moder
ate. Leather quotations are only slightly al
tered, while seven grades are steady at former
figures. Belting butts have advanced sharply.
A temporary flurry In the wheat market on
Monday took the December option above 80c.
It was reported that Wall street operators were
turning their attention to grain. PubUcation of
the usual weekly statistics had a depressing
effect, however, particularly the enormous ex
ports from Russia, which were a contradiction
of earlier statements that the crop was short
in Northern Europe. Liverpool selling was large
and the realizing soon made a decline of over
2c, which exceeded the previous advance. The
much-discussed advance in meats at Chicago
was not heavy, but scarcity of first quality
fresh eggs has brought very high prices.
Failures for the week in the United States
were 217, against 219 last year, and 33 In Can
ada, against 20 last year.
Prices of commodities advanced almost without
exception and all the changes in manufactured
goods are in the direction of firmer quotations.
The smallness of stocks of goods carried is a
feature of our reports from most of the lead-
Ing centers. Scarcity of labor gives manufac
turers In the Middle States great concern. Ac
tivity at Cincinnati and steel mills steadily In
creases, and there Is an equally uniform ad
vance on the quotations.
The gain has been more general this week
than at any previous time this season, plglron
moving up 25c a ton and corresponding gains
appearing In billets, plates and structural ma
terial generally. Instead of the recent agita
tion for cheaper steel rails, there is now talk
of an advance to $28, owing to the further rise
in steel billeta. Orders come forward in the
best volume since last spring, when there was
severe Inflation of prices, and requests for quick
delivery are general. The report of pigiron
production on Xovember 1, by the Iron Age,
shows a weekly capacity of only 215,304 tons,
the smallest since September, 1S98. but the re
duction of 29,000 tons from October 1 In fur
nace stocks is most encouraging. The figures,
with the activity in all branches of tha indus
try, indicate that there will be no further re
duction in output, but the December statement
will probably show more than 200 furnaces in
blast.
NEW YORK. Nov. 1«.— R. O. Dun'. Weekly
Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
WHEAT— Spot, steady; Xo. 3 red Western
winter 6s; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 34d; No.
1 California, 6s 3\ld. Futures— Steady; Decem
ber. 5s lOTid: March. 6s Hd.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed, new,
4s - Futures — Steady; November, 3s ll%d; De
cember, 4s Hd; January. 3s 10%d.
Receipts of wheat during the past three days,
319.000 centals, including 193.000 centals Amerl-
Receipts of American corn the past three
days, 239,400 centals.
CLOSING.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 9-16d.
LONd6n. Nov. 16.— Consols, 99%: Silver,
29«gd; French rentes. lOOf 60c; wheat cargoes on
passage, quiet and- steady; English country
markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. Xov. IS.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 Standard California, 6s 2H@6s 3'4d; wheat in
Paris, barely steady; flour In Paris, barely
steady; French country markets, firm.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. Nov. 16.— Wheat— Nominally lc
lower and nothing doing. Bluestem, KUc;
Club, 53Hc
WASHIXGTOX,
PORTLAND, Nov. 16.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
64S54'.4c « •
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 18.— Clearings, $508,
723; balances. $S7,506. ' t ¦-. .
Northern Wheat Market.
XEW YORK. Xov. 16.— The market for cotton
to-day wa»' Irregular, with the near positions
working toward hlsher prices on threats of a
contemplated corner, and the more remote posi
tions tending downward under various causes.
The closlnc was barely steady, five points
higher to fourteen points net lower.
Portland's Business. x
Nczu York Cotton Market.
CHICAGO, Xov. 16. — A decline of 7 cents a
bushel for May delivery took place in the flax
feed market here to-day, the price for that
option falling to SI 67. Cash flax sold at SI 70.
a decline of 5 cents. This was following; the
reduction of 10 cents a gallon in the price of
linseed oil made yesterday by the American
Linseed Oil Company. Northwest markets
were even weaker and the local decline was
in part due to this fact.
tA Decline in Flaxwed.
SHEEP— Receipts. 8000; sheep, choice weth
ers, about steady: ewes. 10#20c lower; lambs,
weak to 10c -. lower; good to choice wethers,
J4B-4 :5; fair to choice mixed. $3 75$* 05; West
ern sheep, $434 25; Texas sheep, $2 60@3 A3.
native Iambs, 34 50^5 35; Western lambs, fj
©5 30.
CHICAGO. Nov. 1«.— CATTLE— Receipts. 3300;
market generally steady to strong: good to
prime 8te*rs, J5 43C5 60; poor to medium, J4 40
@5 30; selected feeders, steady, J3 75® i SS;
mixed stockers, 12 25@3 So: cows, $2 tO#4 23;
heifers. J2 75®4 75; canners. J2 50@2 65; bulls.
J2 25@4 50: calves. J4S5 75: Texas fed steers.
$4i?5; Texas grass steers, J3 35^4 15; bulls. S3 50
@3 35. /
HOGS— Receipts, 27.000; to-morrow. 20.000, es
timated: left over. 30CfO: average a shade higher:
top, $5 12H: mixed and butchers, J4 75@5 12V-:
good to choice heavy, $4 S5i?5 10; rough heavy,
U "<m* SO; light, 51 75 a 5 VLW. bulk • of sales.
J4 50^5.
Chicago* Livestock Market.
Wheat— Dec. Feb. Mar.
Opening 5 im .... 6 H
Clcslng 5 10% .... 6 W
PARIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar.-Junc.
Opening 20 20 2170
Closing 20 20 21 65
Flour —
Opening 26 15 27 SO
Closing 25 95 27 70
LIVERPOOL.
NEW YORK. Nov. 18.— The following table,
complied by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
! ings at all principal cities for the week ended
¦ November 15, with the percentage of increase
] and decrease, as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
Percentage,
[ Cities— Amount. Inc. Dec.
j New York |1,574.97;,25S 21.1
! Bcs-ton 1S2,379,3S2 .... .8
i Chicago 141.X26.942 « 4.7
: Philadelphia 104.057,4?2 1.6 ....
I St. Louis 39,442.244 2.S ....
I Fittsburg 34.202,114 S.7 ....
! Baltimore 25.4S.441 14.0 ....
i San Francisco 23.004.64S S.6
j Ciccinnatl _ 16.642,200 2.3 ....
; Kansas City 17,255,175 12.8 ....
I Xew Orleans 14.94L6O6 14.6 ....
I Minneapolis 15.457.C69 1.5
Detroit S.264.0S9 3.2 ....
i Cleveland 12.054.?23 C.4 ....
! Louisville S.3S1.C33 .... 17.5
i Providence 7.45LWO .... 3.7
Milwaukee 6.030.103 .... K.I
St. Paul 6.302,704 .... ....
Buffalo 6,11«,723 l.»
Omaha 6.362.960 .... 12. 6
Indianapolis S.OCJ.IH 31.4 ....
Columbus. 0 6,141,400 2.5 ....
Savannah 6.491.627 17.5 ....
Denver _. 5,019.S."6 17.2 ....
Hartford 2.4S3.326 .... 8.4
Richmond 4.C37.521 16.1
Memphis 4.620,753 20.7 ....
Washington „. 2.67S.2S2 .... 20.1
I Peoria 2.537.407 20.0
I Rochester 2,5C0,6S2 ....
! New Haven 1.938,727 19.7 ....
j Worcester _ .1,650.755 ....
j Atlanta J.677.SP5 1S.3
1 Salt Lake City 2.979.409 3.6
! Springfield. Mass... 2.747.423 73.3 ....
¦ Fort Worth.. >»„..... 2.S35.CS4 9.1
Portland, Me........ 1,316,033 .... 1.7
Portland. Or 2,575,154 7.1 ....
St. Joseph „.. 3.SS0.975 9.6
Los Angeles 2.S47.130 S5.6
Norfolk 1.457.43S .... 22.3
Syracuse 1,145,367 .... ....
Dea Moines 1.635.700 8.5
Nashville 1,644,708 5.7 ....
Wilmington. Del... S77.339 7.7
Fall River 1.C13.S06 .... 13.7
Scranton 1.0S6.434 10.0 ....
Grand Rapids 1.219.S73 .... 2.6
Augusta, Ga 1.466.I6S 13.2
Lowell S03.C55 22.6
Dayton. 0 1.207.639 12.1
Seattle 3.S47.315 37.J
Tacoma 1.341.277 17.7
Spokane 1.229.CS4 .... 21.2
Sioux City L2S6.C3S 3.9
New Bedford 458.S52 21.8
Knoxrille. Tenn.... 65S.72S 22.5 ....
Tcpeka SS4.S53 50.6
Birmingham 8C2.G03 .... 11.3
Wichita 491.5S3 1.8
Binghamton 471.400 E.8 ....
Lexington. Ky 4^.345 1.2
Jacksonville, Fla... 257,67:: 10.S
Kalamazoo 41S.410 15.0
>kron 614.500 21. 2 ....
Chattanooga 335.609 .... 9.4
Rockford. Ill 2J6.012 11.9
Canton, 0 2S7.0CO 5.1 ....
Springfield. O SS2.476 19.5
Fargo, N. D 5II.S3S .... 14.5
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 1&O.251 4J
Hastings. Neb 1S7.367
Fremont, Neb 1C8.163 8.1 ....'
Davenport SS7.9S1 1.4 ....
Tcledo 3,413.3^ .... ....
Galvestcn 10.959.CO) £5.8
Houston 12.0S2.502 5.4 ....
Colorado Springs... 1,245,610
Helena 610,933 .... 2«.5
Evans ville 1.WM54 .... 10.8
Macon SG7.000 5.0
Little Hock S11.2W 45.0
Krrlngaeld. Ill 49S.S18
Youngstown 376.323 28.4 ....
Totals. U. B... .12,519,751,429 14.1
Totals outside New
York 744,776,151 / .(
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal J17.3O4.471 5.8
Toronto 10,155,645 6.5 ....
Winnipeg 2.5O1.C01 .... J.3
Halifax L5O1.741
Hamilton 847.S5S (.4 .,..
St. John. X. B 773.443 13.6 ....
Victoria 721,191 37. « *
Vancouver L053.653 13.3 ....
Totals J35.4S3,T14 3.4 TTTT*
The following are the Feassnal rainfalls to
date as cca:;>ared with those of the sajr.e da'e
!a« season and rainfalls In the last twenty
four hears:
EAN FRAXCISCO. Xov. 16. 5 p. m.
Weather Report.
(IT^ih Merifilan— Padfie Time.)
Exports of Sour from tfcla port during the
f.rrt ten months cf the year were S11.S40 bb'.s.
valued ct i:.S70.660. egainst 754.120 tbis at
£2.701.100 durir^ the same ttae last year. Re
ducing this flour to a wheat basis and adding
It to the exported wheat gives total wheat
exports for the ten months cf J.C1S.950 ctls,
valued at JS.40MOO. against 4,720.700 ctls at -J4.
"ZhtVi OatBg the same time in li?J.
Exports of Wheat and Flour.
Itr.pcrts of rpecie at this pert during the
f.r»t ten month* of the year were K3,l$4,Itn,
agalr.st JI6.2£4.^0 fcr the same time >n 1S0S,
the leading descriptions being as lollows:
Oold bullion. f^S.Sl'3; cold coin. J17.5M.fi;; sil
ver buUirr.. Jl.rjO.2S5; silver coin. t£2i.9UK Ths
pnr.c'.paJ sources were: Mexico. J15r$.:S5; Aus
tralia. rTT.tts.TnO; Japan. I4,C72,15C; liawaliaJi
If lands. 10. :¦!¦:.
Imports of Specie.
Receipt* of <ju!cksi:ver at this port during
th# first ten month* of the year were 16.K>
f.e.r'k*. apaJ-yt 13.3G7 for the same time In 1SS3.
The experts were RS3 flasks, valued at K&3,c:d.
against 1-S«» Ca^ks at J.-65,7C"0 last j»ar.
Quicksilver Trade.
XETT YORK. Nov. 1«.— The CCmmerciai Ad
xertiser's Ixmdon Financial cablegram says:
The market* here were slightly less active
bat generally firm to-day. Americans were
very strong. They opened rood, over parity.
Berlin buying again. This started another Im
pcrtart • upward movement, which . continued
with Xew York's assistance without reaction
to th« dove. Oa the street, the market wu
London Market.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
aoney — 1
Call loans. l&tl
Time loans 43*5
Stocks- *
Atch T & Sta F«... 3$
Do prefd gin
American Surar.. ..122li!
E>o prefd 117 '
Bell TejejA-™* 155 (
Boston & Albany. .243 >
Boston Elevated.. ..157 i
Boston & Maine... 134
Chi B & Q u; i
Dominion Coal 43U '
Do prerd nj '
Federal Steel jo%
I>i prefd 76*.
Fitchburg prefd... m'
General Electric... 164VJ
Ho prefd... hi
Ed Elec III -u
Mexican Central... Uftj
Mich Telephone.... gs I
N E Gas ft Coke... 15^1
Old Colony 102 i
Old Dominion 2SHI
Rubber j«
Union Paciflc 69^4
Union Land |
West End 92
WesUnghse Elec... 67
Bonds —
Atchlson 4a 100^4
X E G«s & C ts.. «3
Mining Shares— .
Allouez Mining Co. 2*4
Amalg Copper 95H
Boston & Montana. 123 •
Butte & Boston... 70H
Calumet & Hecla.820
Centennial 20H
Franklin 16&;
Humboldt £0
Osceola .77
Parrot 49«i
Quincy 180
Sta. Fe Copper " 7H
Tamarack ....285
Utah Mining 35
Winona 4
Wolverines ........ 4»»i
MIXING STOCKS
Brunswick 10
Chollar on
Crown Polat 06
Con Cal & Va 1 05
Deadwood 15
Gould & Curry jj
Hale & Xorcross... It
Homeetake 60 00
Iron Bslver 70 j
Mexican jj
Ontario c •=
Ophlr t^
Plymouth ' 1 co
Quicksilver .......; {25
E>o prefd ." 7
Sierra Nevada :o
Standard j 75
Union Con ." 19
Yellow Jacket a
100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17«i
300 Delaware & Hudson 116**
300 Delaware Lackawanna 4 Western.. 1£1
1.700 Denver &. Rio Grande i. 22
S.400 Denver & Kio Grande prefd 75>i
SCO Erie jj»!
2.100 Erie 1st prefd SSH
6,800 Great Xorthern prefd 173
500 Hocking Coal u\
4.900 Hocking Valley 32*.
3.1<K> Illinois Central u 4 i*
1.200 Iowa Central "0^.
SOO Iowa Central prefd 46'^
~ Lake Erie 4 Western 36
4C0 Lake Erie & Western preM 107^
Lake Shore 2ic>i*
9.100 Louisville & Xashville Si
rS.^O Manhattan L nOH
4.650 Metropolitan Street Railway .US'*
•<O Mexican Central 137,
SCO Minn & St Louis 64
Minn & St Louis prefd 102
100 Missouri Pacific 60»i
15,700 Mobile & Ohio uw
.i£2 M . lES0Urt Kansas & Texas U'i
t-J* Missouri Kansas £ Texas prefd 37',
S.2W New Jersey Central n<w.
2.C00 xew York centra! i::::::::::::::;;--^
5.600 Xorfolk * Western "k
•SK S orfc!k * w '««rn prefd 81
., ;*> Northern Pacific £51;
?H™ Northe «» Paciflc prefd SO
1S.5C0 Ontario & Western ?SU
17.000 Oregon Railway & Xav.. « i
'«"£S S"* 0 " n*«way & Xav prefd. .'...'.'.'. 7« I
13.000 Pennsylvania w»
1.000 Reading li^
Rcadln e 1st prefd I'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'."" 63U
IW gf*«n* M prefd ] itu
";^; Hio Grande Western £5
3,000 RI? Grande Western prefd
S -J» f r J^ JS » * P« Fran....... ..: Jgt?
- t*' f l p^'s <^ San Fran 1st rrefd... 714
* 2^ S c Louls & San f>an 2d prefd. 4"2
jw ft Louis southwestern.^... :;::::- j;^
a!^ II Paul 5 £outh -««rn prefd $
600 st Paul prVfd:::::::::::::::::; j?js
.00 St Paul i Omaha «r£
».3i«) Southern Pacific 1 74
».40O Southern Railway VJ
M.6u.) Southern Railway prefd ..'. £2
n.5£> Texas & Pacific...:. .", U>
a.aCO Uaicn Pacific ig?
:i -iS #&?«'* M W?M 9
2. W0 Waba^h prefd'".' 4r •
. S.ZOO Wheeling & Lake"Erie T? : '
4.500 Wheeling & Uke Erfe " 2d preVd I .' \ ' so
"*V^ sc °nsin Central f^
100 Third Avenue 11*
Expreu Coirpaales— '""****"*"""*
Adam». ex dlv . -«
500 American ....::; \*J
Ur.Hed States .".V"
V.ells Fargo ....V ,£
• a~, MisceUaneouB—
Z.OW American Cotton Oil... rix- \
tVA American Cctton Oil prefdV.".". so*
»00 Attrricaa Maitine ..„ 4,-1
1«£S African Malting pretd... '.'.'.'.'.'..;.: Z i* \
l-% Alaericaa Smeltins & Refining 51
6.200 American Smelting & Ref prefd.. SS»i
Amrrican Spirits .... -i*
"i'-v ¦* rrpric =J* Spirits prefd.... ".V.V.V.'.V." II
•«2j American Stee-1 Hoop j-. v
600 American Steel Hoo.n prefd.. S?
«S2 Arcericaa & Wire '. 4^
!M0 American Steel & Wire prefd «i
1.000 American Tin Plate.._."_ '\ JS'* j
J-S^ American Tin Plate prefd....:.::"" S7=i
z,o00 American Tobacco 1^7
":-™ African Tobacco prefd*.'".".'.'.'.'."'.' 13* '
..«f>0 Anaconda Mininr Co.. Jj
! #^? Brooklyn Rapid Transit.'.'.'.'.'.'.' tc",
n : :: : :: : :::£-"lH
K£ S edera l SteeI Prefd.'.'.V.'.'.'.V.V.V.V.'.'.' :L i
S.JX General Electric 1S T* I
200 Glucose Sujar ex dlv l
""™ lucc -^ Surar prefd. ex "di V.V.V.V.'.'N/i'i
!00 International Paper "u
l.«€0 Ir.teniaUor.al Paper pre'f<i;:::::::::: 73A
2.600 Laclede Gas IV* i
200 Xatlonal Biscuit V.'.V 3974 i
National Biscuit prefd " t* I
2TO National Lead •?«
.121 N * aU onal Lead prefd '.'.'.'.'."""%
S,CX) National Steel , «u
1C0 Nationul Steel prefd Uv
3«W New York Air Brake
2.J00 North American ... ?«
100 Pacific Coast e5 *
Pacific Ccast 1st prefd .' ci
Pacific Coast 2d prefd.... * A
3.600 Pacific Mall 5J
24.CO0 People's Gas V.* 100»
2,400 Pressed Steel Car .....V l gjrj
Pressed Ete«l Car prefd "" « s
Pullman Palace Car """154
™IvJ f^ndard Rope & Twine HZ[.l
M,6>)0 Sugar ; „%.
#200 Sugar prefd ."" *
27.6C0 Tennessee Co*l St Iron... •»••--•• .'
29,900 United States Leather "*"" 15a*
K52 V- n ! ted l ute> prefd '.'.'.'. 77U
3.100 fnlted States Rubber sir;
fcss %%&?¥&??!** r^- ::::: ssJ
4.900 Republic Iron & Bteel ci"..V.V." ii *
4.500 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd....:: 65»4
P C C & St Louis #>### gg'
1.2M.600 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
£ S ref reg 104U1N T Central lsts toou
US ref coup... 1044 N J Cent Ten £ 8 ir 4
£f 2 - s "B l^X Pacific 3s:?. 70
L S Cs coup 1C91»!N Pacific 4s... ""io^
U I new 4s reg.. ..137 j.V Y C & St L. is' 106^
V 6 new 4s coup..l37 N & w con 4s S
V P old 4s rep USVi'Or Xav lsts im
D S old 4s coup...lloH,Or Xa* 4s.. .V i^t'
g I a r s r<^ U2VOr Short Line H'.'m
L S 5s coup 112»iiOr S Line con 5s 114
Diet of Col 3. 65s... 124'-.. Reading ren 4. tL-
Atchison gen ta.Xi.Mlg B G \V * — ' *&
Atchlson adj 4s... S4S t=t L & I MronftnS I
Canada So 2ds 10*a.;St L t S F cm rl'l$R
Ches & Ohio 4«j,...101 -ISt Paulcin,!? =3
Ches & Ohi* Ss 110J,iSt P C & P Vnt^' ii«^
C & XW con 7s... 123 I st PC4P 6, "nPl
C & NWSFdeb Ss.119 |So Paiiflc 4, t«t
Chro Terminal 4s.. S4 So Railway 5, nlu.
Colo Southern 4s/.. S3^i [Stand R & T 6s"' -1
1^;?"!^^.-::.
J 0^*^ 0 ?? 1 ." 11 l8ts »S WabaEh 2d« \lt*
|V-iVy::::::: f KvEilt ;
M K * T is M Va Centuries ....." Ii' 4
Bank Clearings.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was. active; creameries, 15@26c; dairies,
l'iig-eOc. Cheese, active, lOS'UViC- Eggs, ac
tive; fresh, 23c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ." 11,000 12.000
Wheat. busheU 6S0.COO 141,000
Corn, bushels 220.000 165.000
Oats, buehels 131.00) 212,000
Rye. bushels 3.000 1.000
Barley, bushels 52.0CO 68.000
Cash quotations were as follows: . Flour, dull
and easy; Xo. 3 spring wheat. 67ig'72c; Xo. 2
red. 71He.74Hc; Xo. 2 corn, 39 He; Xo. 2 yellow.
S9Hc; Xo. 2 white, 2&g27c; Xo. 3 white. 2»«;»
1614c; fair to choice malting barley. 66©6Oc;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 73; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 <5.
prime timothy seed. J4 10#4 10; mess pork, per
barrel. J10 50010 62U; lard, per 100 pounds. J7 20
©; 25: short ribs sides (loose). - $6 WXJF7 25; dry
salted shoulders (boxed). 5H^5*ic; short clear
sides (boxed), J6 90®7; whisky, basis of high
wines, Jl 27; clover, contract grade. $10.
Silver a fraction firmer. Exchange unchanged.
Barley and Wheat lower and weak. OtJicr cereals dull.
Hay zi'eak and quiet. Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beatis stand the same, with decreasing arrivals.
Sweet Potatoes lower. Onions very firm.
Walking new in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry in free supply and weak. Game quiet.
Fresh and Dried Fruits unchanged.
Hides quieter again, but unchanged.
Provisions as previously quoted.
Linseed Oil marked down 8c per gallon.
Xew prices for Candles announced.
Stocks and Bonds dull.
Increased imports of specie.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the J150.000.000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, J126,ES6,67S; gold. J34.U5.429.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, Not. 16.— Close: Money on call,
steady, at 3<g4 per cent; last loan. ZM per cent;
prime .mercantile paper. 4'465 per cent; ster
ling exchange, steady, with actual business In
bankers' bills at {4 84»» for demand and J4 SOJm
for 60 days; posted rates. U S71» and $< 85^;
commercial bills. J4 80^ J 80V4: silver certifi
cates, $4ff65c; bar silver, 64c; Mexican dollars,
60\»c. Bonds— Government, steady; State, in
active; railroad, strong. \
New York Money Market.
CLOSING
LONDON, Nov. 16.— Atchlson. 3SU: Canadian
Pacific. SOU: Union Pacific preferred. S1H:
Northern Pacific preferred. 82; Grand Trunk,
6H: Anaconda. 9%.
Bar silver, steady, 23Hd per ounce.
Money, 314 per cent.
particularly buoyant, Atchison, Union Pacific
Louisville and Nashville and Southern Railway
issues being: the leading features. The money
market's tone was slightly easier.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
November..: 71*4- 71% . 71H 71U
December .......... 72V 72Vi 71>i 71 Js
Januan" 73 7S 72 72U
Corn Xo. I — ' „ .
November 39 39% 39 39H
December S5»i 36 35»i 35»»
May 3614 36H 36 36
Oats N'o. 2— ...
Xovember .: 21H 21H 11% *1H
December 22 22 21 T S 21%
May ...... 24 . 24Vi 23"g 23T«
Mess pork, per barrel —
November. 10 45 10 50 10 45 10 50
January U 70 11 S5 11 67Vi 11*0
May ..........1175' 1180 1170 1170
Lard, per 100 pounds —
Xovember 7 17H 7 20 7 15 7 20
December 6 95 7 02H 6 95 6 97Vt
January- 6 92H 6 95 6 S5 « 90
May •. 6 95 6 97ii 6 90 « MVj
Short ribs, per 100 pounds —
Xovember 7 12^ 7 20 7 12H 7 20
January 6 30 6 35 6 23 « 30
May 6 32^4 6 3714 6 30 6 324
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
fluence throughout the session. January pork
closed 12»^c under yesterday, lard 7^c lower
and ribs 5c depressed. . ¦ •
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Continued on Pags Thirteen.
ra-4. .voiu i 3' i. a * «.
«s quat eo^p.-lij^tt* ¦*» A> cp <n»»>.l37 Xf?\
4s do Ttf UiV»tl4 '4a do COU? V09*jlX'34
Ml*CKlX.VNKOl*S BONDS.
Bay Co P Co.Vtf^ — .OaX W»t«r 5s.lO4< % —
C*i-»i Oa& is.-UV*, — iOc*aal«r SS i».tlO T »lllH
C C W«»f h..liK\ - -v.>oa c Ky •>».;;* —
Ed I. * f *» U»S - !>•»<? O la»p to. IK —
F * O Uy tolU — |i» A Cl l^ <s.ltM —
Geary-st K !». - » it'AORR «3.1l54 —
U C £ S i^». — — !lVw»U-at RS».117t, —
1 Dab MOX — Si<o S OJtK 3*. »MW
L A K 5» -WS — :» K Jk isJV 5a-113V»l»
L A Lt O> te. — '.03 jt* K <*f Oa! «a- — 113
Do »nt4 «a,- 93V, - a r ,>.' A «s..U3\i -
L A sntd 5»..tOO l«>3 3 p ofv*H»U'.«0a)
L A P R U i».lul»; — t^artea A) 1C9».1O9\
M»iki*t-f( 6.-«..iiV\ — l*o vS*rt«s B>110\^ —
Do 1st M J»..X»V» — L>t> U90«> ....113 —
X C N G K .S.H'> rt» Do t»l2» ....K0 —
N R of Cal **.Ut'4 — S 9 f? l«t g 5s. 1 « 10*
Do S» mH — (S» P n «s 131H —
N P C R n <».10l — is V Water «».. '.131,114*4
Po!» .; 10S Po 4a liCU —
N Cal Ry 5-%.U2 — lv 3d mt«c.W2 103
Oak O L & M.U* — Stlctn Uaa to-.l^o —
Oak Tran <9..US^ •—
WATER STOCKS.
Contr» Costa.. 70H 7iS Sprin* Valley. 9S% »4
Marln County. 5tH —
OAS AX1> ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co JH - !Pac L Co - « l i
Etiutt.C L Ca J\ Z\ Stc El CAR Co 31 S7-3
Mutual El Co. — 1i» S F O & E 50 5O'»
OO L A H... 49H SO San Kranotsco. 4% &
P*o Oas Imp. » 13 Stkn fiAE Co — 14
LNSrKANCE STOCKS. X
Flrem't Fumt.^8 r» >
BANK STOCKS*.
Anjrlo-C*) Ltd. «S — First Nattoal.SS «»
Bank of Cal.. — 4W Lon S> jfc A 1*» —
Cal S X> A T..104HHi5ii Merchants' Ex l« W
SAVINGS BANK&
O*r S & L.... — 1J0O Say * L So.. — tt
Hum SAL..— — See Sav Bk- — —
Mut S*ir Pk... 50 — Union T Co.. — —
S P Sav V 515 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS,
kratifornla ....13* — « f» I. & H.... » —
VGeary-st 43 — Presidio — °
<Market-sl ..... «SU —
POWDER STOCKS.
Calif.^rnta — 1"» Vlsrorit *H *H
Giant Con Co. S3 84
SUGAR STOCKS.
liana S P Co. 7^ st s Kllauea S Co. 30% —
Haw C & S Co » ST Makawell S Co U»t C^i
lioaoka* S Co. SH4 — Onomca S Co. » 23"-,
Hutch S t* Co. 25 '» 28^ Taauhaa i? Co. 31 —
MISCELLANEOCS STOCK&
Al P&ck As3n,124HtS I'ac A F A.... 2^ —
CaJ Fruit A«o-1«M 1J5 *•*; O tfor Co — 133
Mer Ex Assn. 101 — Tar rain: Co. r?-i —
Oceanic S Co.. — M . «
Momins Session.
Board—
J(v Maiket Street Ry , is b
Hi Alaska ConVI Co yt\ ;j
10 Kilauea S Co Jj ,;.>
XTNTTKC STATES BO.N'D*.
FRITAT. Kor. l*-Z .29 ». m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Local stecJu asd bosds ¦*«?« £oa &ad 03.
changed.
Ther* was a fair bnstsess t- :^» oC stacks.
The KUaue* Sugar divl>l«»S wlI2 b« paid ja
tiie 2CtS.
Tc« Califtrsia Frutt Causers* JLssoctatlca
hat declared a deathly dlvidecd ot W c*=t»
per stiar*. p«orabi« oa th* SJtS.
THE STOCK MARKET
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. Jo S5- ral«-,,tt.
Grain Bags. June and July. «£««Uc- wi^
Bags. 28*^32^; Fleece Twine. IS- 1 w££
Bags. -6%!i«Kc for wh)te and 8U«% e fo5
bleached Jute. «*W^c for
- COAL— Wellington. 19 per ton ¦ Southi.t 1
W-llinston. J9: Seattle. J7; Bryant. ?n^
Bay. »S 50: Wallsend. »:*C6-oSr2tiv. w»J^
end. 1 J9; Cumberland. J12 In bulk Vnd Jl^'5 in
sacks; rennsylvanla Anthracite Egg tu- can.
> *^b. ?i*. tan-
BEEF-6©7c for Steers and 5®5\ c per lb for
Cows. .
VEAL— Large. 7S«c: small. SHCSc Per lb.
MUTTON- Wethers. 7^@8c; ewes 7^7^ Mt
pound. * " w "* c *>«r
LAMB— S©9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. S«»c for small and 5S.C for
rne^um andHifjHc for large: stock Hogs «id
feeders, txSoUc; dressed Hogs. 7>4es^c.
General Merchandise.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hides ar© quieter "again, as th« deraand has
fallen off. and stocks show some little ac
cumulation. Prices are unchanjed.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10c; medium. 9c; light. SH©3c; Cow.
hld»s. SH^Sc: Stags. «Uc; Salted Kip. ju t -
Salted Veal. 9U C ; Salted Calf. Me; Dry Hides"
l€c; culls. 14c: Dry Kip. 16c: Dry Calf. liiffiTc'
culls and brands. 14c: Sheepskins, shear tin?*'
»R30c each: short Wool. 30fet0c each: mMium
60©S5c: long Wool. 73ci®$1 each; Horse Hlii^i!
ealt. J2 50 for large and |2 for medium Jilo
for small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, drv
Jl 75 for large. Jl 50 for medium. Jt ;s fo- sma.i
and 2S-B50C tor colts. r>eersklns— Summer cr retl
eklns. 35c: fall or medium skins. 33c. winter or
thin skins. nvjetOc. Goatskins— Prime An
eoras. 75c; large and smooth. 50c: medium SJe
TALLOW-No. l rendered. 4g4U C per lb : \T
t. S'4c; grease. 3@2Uc. • ' * >0>
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follow*-
Northern, free. 15<31«c: Northern, defective l-»
14c: Middle County, free. 14©l«c; Middle Couatv^
defective . l=8Mc: Southern Mountain, x:
months . 9@10c: Southern Mountain free 7
months". llSUc: Southern Mountain de'ectiv*
7 months". 9€llc: Hunitol.it and Mendoclno: li
eiTc: Nevada. 13®lSo rer lb. -"™aoc lno . is
Fall Clip— San Joaqnln. SH68C: do Umb»' x
C9c; Middle County. SSlOc; Northern Mo^nuin.
free, vmile: Southern Mountain. TUaswT-
Humboidt and Mendoclno. 12013c cer 1b!
HOPS— HH©15c per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. lOU-ffiic per R> far
heary. 12c for light medium. 13c for light. 1 4c
for extra light and 15c for sugar-cored; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. HH&ic: Mess Beef.
512 60 per barrel; extra Mess. 113 30; Family.
513 50; extra Prime l»ork. flS; extra, clear. J19 50:
Me?s. J16: Smoked Beef. 13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at t\c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure: half-barrels, pure. $«4c:
10-Ib tins. 9\c: S-lb tins. 9**c.
COTTOLEXE— One-half barrel. 8\c; thre«
half-barrels. Slic: oce tierce. SHo; two tierce*.
Sc; five tierces, 7Tic per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Provisions.
NUTS— Chestnut*. S#7c per lb: Walnuts. No,
1 softshell. Uc: No! 2. 8c: No. 1 hardshell. 10c;
No. 2, 71*c; "Almonds. 12813c for papershell.
Sgllc for softshell ; Peanuts. 5@6c for East
ern; Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts, 13c; Pecans, U
iilSc: Cocoanuts. J3 50@5.
HONET— Comb, 13uei««c for bright and UH
©13c for light amber; water white, extracted.
7»i15Sc: light amber, extracted. IjTV; dark.
SigbVic per lb.
BEESWAX-24ffJ8c per lb. •
n RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for tha
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy. 12c
per lb: choice, lie: standard. S\e: prime, Sc:
unbleached Thompson's. 9c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy, lOHc per lb; choice. 9\4c; standard. S!4c;
prime. Sc: unbleached Sultanas, Sc; Seedless.
CO-lb boxes, C'.ic: 2-crown loose Muscatels. Sc;
2-crown. SHc; 4-crown. 7c: London Layers. 3
crown. Jl 50 per box: 3-crown. SI SO; Faccy
Clusters. J2; Deheaa. 12 sO: Imperial. 13. AU
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California. "»
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa <Taras, 4 sizes. 3c;
40-aOs. 7c; 50-60s. S^c; 60-7Q». 3*ic; 70-SOs. J«4c:
{0-9OS, 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2V;c: 100s and over 2c; ru
bies. V*c premium; Sonomas. He and San Jo*
qulcs. hie le!3 than Santa Claras, except 100a
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, *"j
Sc for. Royals and lOgllUc for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 6S6c; sun-dried. 3H8*'4c;
Peaches. 4Vs@5c for standard. ofg'Sc for choice
and ~@~Mc lor fancy; Pears, 2®7c; Plums,
pitted. 5S6V4c: unpitted, lSl&c; Nectarines. 53
5Hc for red and 5}jg6c for white.
The market continues very dull at unchanged
quotations.
APPLES — iiiiSOc per box for common and
Kcgll for good to choice: Spluenbergs. 80c© K:
Oregon Spitzenbergs. Jl 25.
PEARS— Winter Nells. 65c@Jl 25; Cooking
Pears. 25'<?50c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 23S50c per box.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. J1'j@10 SO per bar
rel: Coos Bay. J2 25S2 M per box.
STRAWBERRIES— J2 50©4 per cheat for large
and for small berries.
RASPBERRIKS— Jl£S per chest.
GRAPES— »0g65c per small box and TScSJl
per crate. •
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. Jl 7533;
Seedlings, Jl@l 75; Lemons, 25c3Jl 25 for com
mon and Jl 60f|2 50 for good to choice; Grape
Fruit. 52*33: Mexican Limes. J4tJ4 30; California
Limes. 2Sig3Sc; Bananas, Jl 75 < g2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples. JIS3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Everything remains about aa before quoted.
Supplies of Apples and Pears are equal to all
needs, and Oranges, Lemons and Limes axa
plentiful and quiet.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
EGGS— Store. 2O@22Hc; ranch. 27^S3Cc for
fair and 31f?34c per dozen for good to choice;
Eastern. 18S2Tc
Creamery — Fancy Creamery. 21022c: seconds.
20c.
Dairy— Fancy. 20c: good to cholca. ISO 19c;
common, 17®17Hc.
Creamery tub— 20*g22V4e per IK.
Pickled roll— 19©21c
Firkin— lS®19c
Storage goods— 21f?22c
CHEESE— New. 114612c: Old. 10@lle: Toung
America. i:@12»4c; Eastern. 13H@14c; Western.
ll^-J3c per lb.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs are about as befor*
quoted, with ample supplies of all three.
BUTTER—
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry continues very dull and weak, though
there is no further decline. Arrivals of dressed
Turkeys were 52 cases.
There was little change In Game.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13tfl4c for Gob
blers and 13i814c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys,
13@17c; Geese, per pair, Jl 73#2; GcsJIngs,
$1 75£2; Ducks. JS'8'4 for old and S3 60@5 for
young: Hens $3 £CKit4 50; Young Roosters,
J4; Old Roosters, J3 50<34; Fryers. J3 25#3 50;
Broilers, $3 ;jtf3 so for large ana 5333 25 for
small; Pigeons. $1 per doxen for old and SI Zdii
1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. Jl 25 for Valley and J2 for
Mountain; Mallard. $3@4; Canvasback. J3@6:
Sprig, $3^3 60; Teal. J2®i 30; Widgeon. Jl CO®
1 75; Small Duck, $1 25©1 50; Gray G^ese. J3;
WTiite Geese. Jl 25®1 50; Brant. Jl Mffl 75 for
small and J2 for large; English Snipe, $1 GO:
Jack Snipe. Jl; Kara, Jl 25; Rabbits, Jl ii-31 30
for cottontail and Jl for brush; Doves. 60c per
dozen.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. lH©5c per lb;
String Beans. 203c: Lima*. ZQfc per lb:
Cabbage. 90c; Tomatoes. 15<S50c: Egg Plant.
35C50c per box; Green Peppers. 25??50c per box
for Chill «nd 40®5Oc for Bell; Dried Peppers.
10®15c; Carrots, 25ig»35c per sack; Summer
Squash $1 25 per box for Los Angeles; Cucum
bers. E0fl60c for Alameda; Garlic, 435c per lb;
Marrowfat Squash. }7@10 per ton.
POTATOES— River Reds. 7O@30c; Burbanks,
!"@50o for River' and 85c<3»l IS per ctl fnr
Salinas and 60«?90o for Oregon: Sweets, 33{?63c
for River and 75<!?S3c for Merced.
ONIONS— »l 25©1 50 per ctl; Pickle Onions. 40
@50c per sack.
Sw'eet Potatces are slightly lowar. Onion*
are stiff and Vegetables stand about tha same
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
liEANb- Bayos. $2 65@2 80; Small White. $3 90
©4; Large White. J2 90^3 15; Pink. *1 80@2; Red.
$3 75#3; Blackeye. $3@3 15; Lima, to 20@5 30;
Pea. $3 30«4 10: Red Kidneys. 13 50<?3 73.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Tellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax. J2 25@2 40; Canary.
SHc per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 9<ff9He; Rape. 2V£g3c; Hemp, 4®4Vjc;
Timothy. 4f?4Hc.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. J2g2 50; Green. *2 Stf
S 75 per ctl; Blackeye. $232 50. .
Beans and Seeds.
#
The decrease in the receipts of Beans con
tinues, and the market Is reported very quiet.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50©19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. 115 5O@1S SO
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J25@M; job
bing, $26 30; Cocoanut Cake. $17<§18: Corn Meal.
S2&jr.!7: Cracked Corn. J26 50©27 50; Mixed i eed.
"HAT — Volunteer, 1508; Wheat. JllglS 30;
Wheat and Oat. 110©!-' 50; Oat. »@"»f:
Clover. JSijjT; Alfalfa. »« 50gS ZO; Barley. V@
STRAW^-35@45c Ter bale.
'Hay and Feedstuffs.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions. Hay
is weak.
BRAX— J14®15 SO per ton.
Wheat Flour. $3 J5; Rolled Oats (barrels). J«#
7 25; In sacks. $5 75®7; Pearl Barley. **: s P llt
Peas, J5; Green Peas. $5 M per 100 lbs.
FOR FRIDAY. NOVEMBER it.
Flour, qr sks IS. M7] Hides. Xo jm
Wheat, ctls 2.480 Quicksilver. 2sks «
Barley, ctls Z,8S0'Egg3. dos J3.15O
Oats, ctls 940 Leather, rolis c?
Rye. ctls 240 Wool, bale* jj
Butter, ctls 202 Straw, tons u
Cheese, ctls 11 Hay. tons 77*
Tallow, ctls 12 Middlings, sks... «q
Raisins, bxs 1.S50 Bran, ska ggg
Brar.dy, sals 3.000 Onions, sks 1.612
Wine, p-als 23,100 Potatoes, sks I'r-yj
Lime, bbls 91 Eeans. ska -l!z\
Telts. bdls 110i
Receipts of Produce.
"During the week .there have been -lev-.-,
coal arrivals from Washington, with 24.0&1 tons
nve from British Columbia, 1«.2W tons; on«
from C003 Bay, TOO tons; one from Australia.
2000 tons; one from Swans>a. 1137 tons; total.
44.567 tons. Last week's deliveries w«re only
ID. 470 tons, hence we were sadly in need of
the genercus arrivals this week, which regu
late, our reqnirerr.tr.t3 to date. The actual
amount absolutely called for approximates to
30.000 tons weekly. Of course there are cer
tain months in the year where our needs call
for less, but this is about the average weekly
amount consumed during the year. Forp'.sjn
cargoes are becoming exceptional, and will
continue to be so indefinitely, as Britljh jour
nals are advocating an export duty so an to
minimize shipments, and Australian collieries
have orders booked carrying them into thu
middle of 1301. The delay at the Wa'.!3»r..l
colliery now is four months after vessel r<>>3rt3
hftrself ready to receive, and this co:u»ry'»
entfre output for the next twelve months haa
been already contracted for. but little of tt now
comes here. Our market at present is en
tirely swayed by the coast mines, and quota
tions are regulated solely by them. The out
put of fuel ell is still Increasing, and next
year will be a potent factor in establishing fuel
values. Wells are now being sunk at San
Pablo, with very promising prospects; this is
very contiguous to consumers."
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pans' quotes, per lb. in lCQ-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.1uc: Powdered, 5.73c: Candy Gran
ulated. 5.73c: Dry Granulated. 5.S5c: Con'»e"
tlonen.' A. 5.€3c; Magnolia A, 5.25c; Extra C.
5.15c; Golden C. 5.05c: barrels, 10c mre
barrels, 23c more; boxes. 60c more; io-ib b a *»T
13c more. Xo orders taken for less than -s.
barrels or Us equivalent. Domlnos, hair-bar
rels. «.4<V": boxes. «.83c per lb. ~ **
LINSEED OIL— Prices have been marked
down 8c per gallon, as follows: Raw, i n bar
rels. 75c: boiled. 7Sc per gallon: cases. 5c mo-«
CANDLES- Electric Light, lie for l« oz'
9=ic for 14 os, 8\c for 12 ox. 8Uc for 10 oz'-
Hotel. 9c for 13 oz; Granite Mining, nUftir-^
for 18 oz. 10®10Uc for 14 oz, Slie for U r>i.
S*»c for 10 oz: Hotel. 9Me tor 12 oa; Parafsns
Wax. white. UUc per set for Is, 3s. 4s and *«
and 1234c for 12s; Colored varieties lc higher
all around.
nel. $12 per ton: Coke. 115 per ton la balk and
113 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions
43 45 per 2000 lbs and U 50 per ten. according
to brand. \ "~*
Harrison's circular says: ,\
Canadian failures number 27, against 17 last
week, 19 In this week a year ago. 24 in 1S3S,
Jl in 1S97 and 47 in 1S9«.
-«^- om . June il ' t0 date this season exports are
il.4.4,091 bushels, against 81,779.S«3 bushels last
season and 83,299.357 bushels in 1S9S-9S.
Failures for the week in the United States
number 227. against 161 last week, 199 in this
week a year ago. J29 in 1S9S, 235 in 1S97 and
30S in 1S96. -
Wheat, including- flour, shipments for tho
week aggregated 4,062,000 bushels, against
3.SS5.E07 bushels last week, 4.530.00" bushels 1 in
the corresponding week of 1S99, 5,569.141 bushels
in 1E98. 6.653,792 bushels in 1S97 and S.937.233
bushels in 1896.
ing operations have been practically resumed
and -ruling prices for that product seem\ as-
SU j ««w records of export trade are pre
sented and the excess of outward trade is as
euming phenomenal proportions. The - market
for cereals is a dragging one. with price
cnangrs few and of little importance, but stock
sp^ulaticn. although quieter, is 6trong and
conndent in tone. Reflection of the late enorm
ous business In this line is found in unprece
dented bank clearings, the totals relapsing
OV i£ th « large totals of 1SS9.
The strength of prices is still more manifest
in iron and Fteel. demand for which continues
large both for crude and finished materials.
The action of the billet pool in advancing prices
Is claimed to have checked demand. Pigiron
has also been affected by efforts to advance
Bessemer ply, but though not as active as last
week, it is very strong and higher at the
\\ eat, while firm and tending upward at the
r^JilT'. stocks are estimated to have decreased
J) 000 tons in October. In finished material the
activity is most marked, and mills are gener
ally without supplies of orders and indifferent
to future business at present rates. A fair
business is dofng in rails at the "West; J28 per
ton Is the price talked of. The railways are
free buyers of cars and other material and
structural material tends upward, although
me intention of beam manufacturers to ad
vanc * prices i« not confirmed. The awarding
or the Government contract for armor plate at
J42j per ton will swell the output of the steel
industry by J15.0CO.00O. Hardware is on im
proved distribution at nearly all points, and tin
is higher, in sympathy with the wire advance
at London.
wool demand and price* seems to have received
a temporary setback from the failure of a
large commission house with woolen mjjl
connections. Railway returns continue favor
able, the demand for iron and steel is expand
ing »uid rricea are hardening; labor is excep
tionally well employed; anthracite coal min-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
Dun's Review of Trade.
New York Grain and Produce
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
cotton goods agents and manufacturers ¦ rather
indifferent to new business offered - at .-.:' old
rates. What looked like ¦; an improvement ¦: In
The tonic effect of seasonably cold weather
1b again testified to by reports from practically
all, markets of a brisk ';. demand ¦, for ,". winter
clothing and ¦ woolen^ ware. This - In turn is
reflected In Increased reorders from
Northwestern and Southern jobbers, and a per
ceptible improvement - in ; tone i ¦¦; of "¦ •. wholesale
trade at the Cast, which hopes to : participate
later ¦ In * the ¦ results of the existing good con-
Fumintf demand. The renewed advance In cot
ton, another result of cold weather, haa proved
a stimulus to ; Southern trade and also . made
, NEW YORK, Nov. 11— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will sar:.
10MARIE ANDERSON, WHOSE
WAY TO THE ALTAR WA3
A LONG ONE.
ALL THE LEATHER-LUNGED ROOTERS OF BERKELEY ARE PRAC
TICING RHYTHMICAL NONSENSE FOR THE GREAT THANKS
GIVING GAME. MILTON SCHWARTZ, YELL LEADER.
, NASHUA, N. H., Nov. 19.-Former Gov
ernor George A. Ramsdell of New Hamp
shire died at his home in this city to-day
of apoplexy. Ex-Governor Kamsdell was
efi vears of ase.
George A. Ramsdell.
George H. Rozet.
. CHICAGO,^ Nov. 16.— George Hollenbeck
Rozet. a pioneer Chicago real estate deal
er, who has engineered property deals in
which millions were Involved. Is dead at
his residence in this city. Mr. Rozet waa
born in Philadelphia 71 years ago.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Nov. 16.— Robert E.
Hamlll. general attorney of the Balti
more-and Ohio Southwestern Railway,
whose headquarters are here, died last
night at Phoenix, Ariz., aged 45 years.
Robert E. Haznill.
Lewis W. Hill- was a few days apo
made president of the Eastern Minnesota
Railroad, and It Is thought President J. J.
Hill will retire In favor -of his sons from
the presidency of the Great Northern. The
Great Northern election is now one month
t&he Pay's Pead.i
ST. PAUL., Nov. 18.— It was stated to
day that James N. Hill was elected presi
dent of the Montana Central Railroad
Company at a /secret session at Great
Falls to-day. Thla Is believed In railroad
circles to be one of the steps in the plan
of J. J. Hill, president of the Great
Northern system, to relieve. himself of the
burden of the management, taking for
himself the chairmanship of -he directo
rate. ..-'¦•
NEW PRESIDENT OF
THE MONTANA CENTRAL
NEW TORK, Nov. 16.— The latest story
in conection with the defender Is that O.
Oliver Iselin and his friends have won
out in their fight, and that the ex-man
ager of the Vigilant. Defender and Colum
bia will have charee of the new boat,
while Robert Bacon, as stated some weeks
ago, will be placed in command of the
Columbia. If the report is true. Mr. Ise-
Hn has won a great victory and has prac
tically compelled the members of the
new syndicate to say that he is the only
yachtsman in the country capable of
running a cup-defender. This Is not
strictly true, as both Herman B. Duryea
and E. A. Wlllard are far more experi
enced yachtsmen.
Unfortunately for the chances of tho
new cup-defender, Mr. Duryea's charges
against the Rainbow and some personal
feeling against Mr. Wlllard have operated
against their selection.
According to the latest reports, the syn
dicate owning the new boat will only
number three or four men. Including Aug
ust Belmont, C. Vanderbllt. J. Pierpont
Morgan and W. K. Vanderbilt Jr.
but Four Men.
dicate Owning it Consists of
According to Latest Reports the Syn-
ISELIN WILL MANAGE
THE NEW DEFENDER
The Vrelhelde garrison Is practically be
sieged, says the Pietermarttzburg corre
spondent of the Dally Telegraph, wiring-
Thursday, and the town Is evacuated. A
position was taken uo on the hill com
manding It. and notices have been postel
in the vicinity, warning the Boers that
if they attempt to reoccupy the town it
will be "blown to pieces..
. ¦ ?
LONDON, Nov. 17.— The Boe«-s. accord
ing to the Cape Town correspondent o!
the Dally Mall, have broken the railway
In twenty places between Bloemfonteir.
and the Or&njse River and the line was
cut yesterday between Klmberley and
Belmont.
Them TJp.
They Also Besiege a Garrison, and
the British Threaten to Blow
BOERS CONTINUE TO
CTTT THE RAILWAY
OPPOSES REDUCTION
. OF REPRESENTATION
Views of President on Legislation
Which Has Been Suggested.
Washington; Nov. is.— The opinion is
gro-wing among public men who are In
the confidence of the President that ha
will oppose any movement looking to a re
duction of the Congressional representa
tion of the Southern States on account of
charges of the.disfranchisement of colored
\cters. The President is said to be- op
posed to reviving: ill feeling, which he
thinks would be the result of a bill thus
touching the South's suffrage.
On account of the President's attitude
there is a growing opinion that legislation
looking to the reduction of the Southern
representation will not be pressed by
P&rty leaders In Congress. In this con
nection It Is suggested that any action
taken with reference to the suffrage of
the South in advance of the adoption of.
a definite policy in the Philippines might
throw some embarrassment In the way oX
the proper disposition of the citizenship
rights of the Filipinos.
ROSEBERY'S FUTURE
AN IMPORTANT PROBLEM
Invitation to Lead Made With, tha
i Concurrence of the Leaders of
the Party.
LONDO>?. Nov. 16.— Lord Rosebery's
future is becoming an Important prob
lem, not only to Liberals, but In an al
most equal degree to the Conservative
party.
This morning the Dally Chronicle an
nounces that the invitation which Sir
Henry Campbell Bannerman. In his
speech at Dundee. Thursday, extended to
Lord Rosebery to resume the leadership
of the whole party, was made with the
concurrence of It9 principal members. "It
may be taken for granted," saya tho
Daily Chronicle, "that this will b© put
In a shape still more formal and delib
erate before the February session of Parr
liament. If not Immediately, by the sum
moning of a meeting of the party for
this purpose, and that he will receive- an
invitation from a party practically unan
imous." ¦- -
That the advent of such a virile per
sonality to the leadership of the Liberals
will not be welcome to the Conservative*,
who recognize that they have a difficult
task to face In Parliament, despite their
big majority, is reflected In their com
ments, or the comments of their organ*.
on Lord Rosebery' s rectorial address at
Glasgow yesterday.
The Standard and Morning Post both
point out that though Lord Rosebery fol
lows many others In indicating the diffi
culties confronting the nation, he has no
advice to offer as to the remedy. Th»
Morning Post says: "The country teems
with men sharing Lord Rosebery s
doubts, and he gives them nothing but a
rehearsal of their misgivings."
Accused of Stealing Diamonds.
Delia Schwartz, a comely youns woman,
is locked up in the City Prison on suspi
cion of having robbed Mrs. Charles Long,
the wife of the fight promoter, of a pair of
diamond earrings, two diamond rings and
a plain gold ring. The robbery occurred
about two months ago. Mrs. Long Bald
that while she was asleep somebody en
tered her room, and. after chloroforming
her. robbed her of her Jewelry. 3he sus
pected the Schwartz woman. The younar
woman denies that she was In Mrs. Lone's
house on the night of the robbery. Her
story Is believed by Detectives Wren and
Dinan, who have been specially detailed
on the case by Captain Seymour. It Is
expected that the woman will be released
to-day.
Mrs. Gray Will Fight Back.
•The hearing of the application of George
F. Gray fora modification of the decree of
divorce granted his former wife. Margaret
Gray, on the ground of cruelty two years
ago was continued by Judge Belcher yes
terday until next Tuesday. Gray charges
his former wife with belngr an unfit cus
todian for their two minor children, and
he asks the court to aware} their custodv
to him. In court yesterday Attorney Matt
Sullivan, who represents Mrs. Gray, said
he would vigorously contest Gray'g
charges, and Intimated that he would a!so
put Gray on the defensive.
SERENADED ONE OF
THE NEW SENATORS
John G. Tyrrell's Friends Show Their
Gratification at His
Election.
Friends of John G. Tyrrell, Senator
elect from the Twenty-third District, as
sembled In force at his residence, 815 Hyde
street, last night to testify their gratifi
cation at his election. There was a bras3
band, of course, to lend eclat to the oc
casion, there was singing and fellcltory
speeches and a lot of other good things
to make the occasion pass pleasantly.
Both Senator and Mrs. Tyrrell wero
equal to the occasion and although taken
by surprise made every one welcome.
Some of the features of the evening
won many plaudits. Knight and Goldlc
sang a topical song- entitled "What Will
Johnnie Do in Sacramento?" the madri
gal trio from St. Luke's Church consist
ing of Dannie Graham, William Gunn and
J. Kemp, gave a number of glees; Misses
Raltigan, Irene Flannagan. Mellle
Thompson. Viola i Hess and Tessie
Tormey, Mesdamefc Tormey and OIHe
Tunstlll also contributed special numbers.
STORM CAUSES ACCIDENT
TO CHINESE LATJNDRYMAN
Heavy Gate Falls' on Lee Ah Hi
and Breaks His
Leg.
The storm which broke over the city,
about 6:30 o'clock last night, was the
cause of one accident and the choking of
many powers, particularly in the Mission,
Western Addition and Hayes Valley dis
tricts. The sudden downpour, accom
panied by gusts of wind, made seas of
mud at the corners of all streets of any
grade, and made walking very disagree
able.
Lee Ah Hi was the one victim of the
cyclonic disturbance who was brought to
the Receiving Hospital. Officer Minehan
found him lying under a heavy stable gate
in the coal yard of Patrick Sullivan at
the corner of Octavia and McAllister
streets. The Chinese had driven in a
wagon belonging to the laundry at 414
Grove street, ¦when the wind struck the
gate, knocked it off its hinges, pinning
him under It. He was found to have suf
fered a compound commlnated fracture
of the left leg, besides other minor in
juries. He was treated by Dr. McKlroy.
Complaints of all kinds were received
during the evening at the City Hail about
the choked condition of the sewers,
which were unable to carry off the volume
of sand that was washed from hillside and
pavement by the sudden fall of rain.
At Geary and Gough streets the tracks
of the Geary-street road were under
mined and the Board of Public Works
was notified to send men to repair tha
damage.
At McAllister and Market streets the
crossing was- flooded for some time, the
gewers being unable to carry off the body
of water caused by the great downpour.
Alleged Reason Is That the Arrivals
INSPECTOR SCHUYLER
LOSES" HIS OFFICE
of Chinese Have Fallen Off
Largely.
Chinese Inspector F. Schuyler was dis
missed from the Chinese Bureau yester
day In accordance with an order received
from the Secretary of the Treasury. Chief
Dunn has not yet returned from the East
and no one at the bureau was allowed to
assign any reason for the unexpected los»
of Inspector Schuyler from the service.
Acting Collector Stanley Jackson said
yesterday that Mr. Schuyler's forced re
tirement was due to tt\e falling off In the
arrivals of Chinese since The Call eev
eral months ago exposed the nefarious
work of the coplie importers and their
allies. ¦ A reduction of the force was
therefore deemed necessary and Mr.
Schuyler was selected as the unit of re
duction.
MAJOR HULL .RETURNS
TO THIS CITY FOR DUTY
Son of Iowa Congressman to Become
Judge Advocate of Department
of California.
Among the passengers on board the
transport Logan, which arrived in port
yesterday, was Maior J. A. Hull, who has
come back from Manila to accept r an Im
portant military position in this city.
Major Hull will make his headquarters
at the Palace, for the present.
He has been ordered to report* to Major
General Shatter as Judge Advocate of the
Department of California. < Major Hull is
about 32 years old and is the son of Con
gressman A. T. Hull, chairman of the
Military Affairs Committee. Congress
man Hull will be remembered as one of
the party of distinguished legislators who
visited this city a year ago last June.
Hull's home is In Iowa.
McKINI/EY THE CHOICE
OF LOGAN'S PASSENGERS
Soldiers Hold an Election at Sea, and
the Republican Leader Wins
Out.
The first question asked by the return
ing soldiers on the transport Logan when
that vessel arrived In port was: "Who
was elected?" They had already settled
the matter as far as their own votes were
concerned, having on November 6 held an
election, which resulted In favor of re
turning McKinley to the White House by
a majority of thirty-three votes.
The ballot box was Improvised from an
empty meat case, and It was no trouble to
secure among the 296 voters men who
could write the ballots. Tellers, Inspec
tors and election clerks were appointed,
and tho passf-nger list served as a regis
ter. No stuffing was attempted, and "the
election proceeded quietly. When returns
were completed the vote showed McKm
iey thirty-three votes ahead. A separate
polling place was provided for the pris
oners, of which there were thirty-seven,
ajid Bryan was their favorite, receiving
six" votes more than McKlnloy.
When the soldiers were informed by tho
first visitors on the vessel that their votes
had been cast for the winner, there was
great rejoicing. „
AMATEURS REHEABSINO
THE "COMEDY OF ERRORS"
Gentlemen's Sodality Dramatic Club
of St. Ignatius Church Prepar
ing a' Great Treat.
On the 27th of November the dramatic
club of St. Ignntius Gentlemen's Sodality
will present Shakespeare's "Comedy of
Errors" In the college hall.
The- members who will tnke part have
been rehearsing for two months under the
direction of J. M. Hcrmance, and every
indication points to the coming entertain
ment being the most successful ever given
by the dramatic club. Special scenery and
costumes of correct design have bren es
pecially prepared. The hall will be Illu
minated and decorated, and although It
Feats 2000 extra seats will be put In. The
Pergolesl choir will render vocal selec
tions. Tickets are on sale at O'Brien's
bookstore. 227 Hayes street, and J. J. Gll
dea's store, corner Grant avenue and Mar
ket stredt. . '
OAKLAND, Nov. ,16. — Licenses to mar
ry were issued to-day to. Hubert W. Ec
cleston, aged 29, of San Francisco, and
Eutelia K. Compton. 21, Pleasantonji Cy
rus John Howard. 40. and Nellie Towhig,
30, Fruitvale; ¦¦ Anthony -Philip Amaral,
23, and Emma Carpenter, . 19, Oakland.
Licenses to Marry.
No More Narrow Cars.
A plan for replacing the narrow gauge
cars to Alameda by standard gauge
coaches is being considered by the South
ern Pacific Company, and the matter is
now before the directors." The Idea is to
add a third rail' to the suburban portion
of the road between the High-street sta
tion and the mole. * This would permit or
a larger car being run. General Manager
Kruttschnltt hopes to see the plan carried
out, as he says the patrons of the road
are constantly complaining about the
present uncomfortable service.
Contagious Diseases in Animals.
The Supervisors'^ Health and Hospital
Committee recommended yesterday the
passage of McCarthy's amendment to the
ordinance placing the legulatlon of ani
mals sick with contagious diseases In tho
hands .of the Board of. -Health. - T!ia
amendment allows the owner of such ani
mals to engage a competent veterinary
surgeon of his own selection to care for
them. It provides also for the quaran
tine of the Infected animal, but the owne<
ls given one month In which to have the
proper diagnosis -of the contagious dis
ease determined. ; '
Pavers' Union" Officers.
The Pavers' Union, at its meeting last
night, elected the following officers: Pres
idont, F. P. Barnett; vice president AI
McOrath; secretary. *'•' McGinley; treas
urer. •> P. r- Monahah ; executive committee
T.; Cannon, P. Galen and H. Zobresa. '
A LAMBDA, Nov. 16.— Alameda lg
now firmly embraced in the
clutches of the trust octopus. Tes
terday the price of doughnuts
went up 60 per cent, and now It Is
announced that on the 1st of December
the price of shines will be Increased 100
per cent.
There are six bootblacks In Alameda.
and they have promulgated an edict that
those who want shines must pay double
the price heretofore charged. The com
pact was made to-day, signed, sealed and
delivered, and the man who breaks it will
have to pay a fine. Even the Croker ice
trust has not been. accused of doubling
prices, though it has been accused of
nearly everything else. If the young men
want their shoes shlned they must pay 10
cents, walk to Oakland to have it done for
& cents or try It themselves.
Ever since the formation of the dough
nut trust negotiations have been In pro
gress looking toward a bootblacks' com
bination. There are five natives of the
sunny southland and one of sunny Italy
In the business In Alameda. The five from
the southland were willing, but the one
from over the seas hesitated. At last he
signed, and now the people of Alameda
say that the deep, dark plot is complete.
The members of the combine are now
looking for big profits, and dividends will
be declared with wonderful frequency.
All of the stands are on Park street, and
the bootblacks have the business section
entirely In their control.
"Professor" Eugene Francis t*as th»
leader In this movement, and he explain*
the situation thus:
"We shoe polishers gret little mornln*
trade here. What. we make In the fore
noon wouldn't pay for the matches and
toothpicks we u?e. The evening business
is what we depend on. When the boys
are goinsr to a dance or a party and. wajit
a shine right quick they have got to come
to us or do- their own shining. A fellow
can't shine at a ball right unless his shoes
look glossy. We will put the gloss on. but
it will cost 10 cents next month. Every
bootblack Is with us and our combination
can't be busted."
Here Is the document that binds the
bootblacks:
ALAMGDA, Not. 14. MCO.
We. the underatgned. do hereby ajm-» to nUs<*
thr price of shining shoes from 5 cents to 19
cents for every day. including Sundays and.
holidays, to take effect on December 1, 1900.
And furthermore we agree to stand toother.
and if any one of us Is caught shining' for less
than 10 cents he nhall be flned St.
PROF. BTCGE^E FRAXCI3.
JAMES DAVtS.
DOC. FRANK NORKLOT,
HOV. W. E. WILLIAMS,
JULIUS S. TAVAKES.
LOUIS CHONI.
Captain Marie Anderson came from
Michigan and devoted her life to Salva
tion Army work. She worked ail through
the Eastern States and in the course of
her labors she met Captain Henry Par
son. Now Captain Parson came from
Oakland, where he was a graduate of the
Salvation Army Training Station, and thev
decided to marry. But before the cere
mony could be performed he was ordered
to Salt Lake City to establish the work
there with Staff Captain Crawford. Cap
tain Anderson made all the arrangements
for their wedding atSalt Lake City, when
Captain Parson was ordered bark to Oak
land with Captain Crawford. There was
a period of separation and then Captain
Anderson decided to follow him to Oak
land, where she arrived a few days ago,
and where the wedding ceremony was
performed last night.
ding goes to show that even in the Salva
tion Army the course of true love does
not always run smoothly, though it
seems to have a happy and. thoroughly
satisfactory outcome.
RESULTS THAT MAY BE EXPECTED TO FOLLOW THE FORMATION
OF THE BOOTBLACK TRUST IJY THE SIX MONOPOLISTS OF THE
BUSINESS IN ALAMEDA.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Nov. 16.— The largest
newspaper deal ever, made In Arizona- was
culminated to-day when Charles C. Ran
dolph sold the Arizona Republican to Col
onel S. M. HcCowan and Dr. George W.
VIckers, representing the Arizona Repub
lican Company. Colonel McCowan will
assume the editorial management. Mr
Randolph > will return to Washington, D.
C, his former home. Dr. Vickers Is the
Territorial Auditor and Colonel McCowan
Is superintendent : of the Phoenix Indian
School.
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. 16.— The six bodies
of. Chinese that Coroner Eden has in
the morgue as tho result of his investiga
tion at the Point San Pedro shrimp fish
eries were the subjects. of discussion at
a meeting of the Chinese BIx Companies
In San Francisco last I night. Attorney
Bennet and several Chinese were here
to-day trying to settle the case. The Chi
nese claim that the bodies are not those
of murdered persons, nor aid the victims
die of contagious diseases. They were
buried in ignorance of the law requiring
the procuring of a burial permit. . They
have offered to pay the coupnty's expenses
in the affair If . it be allowed to drop.
This probably will be done, but not un
til an inquest has been held. In the
event of no settlement the men who ope
rated the San Pedro graveyard will be
prosecuted, and their fines, it Is expected,
will meet the expense to which the coun
ty- has been. put. The. inquests will be
held next Monday. _ .
Sale of Arizona Republican.
NOT THE BODIES OF
/ MURDERED CHINESE
FRESNO. Nov. 16.-Three Chinese— Wah
Lung Duck. Sang Wai and Hen Lu — sat
in a room in^Selma this morning: discuss
ing a business transaction In which they
were jointly and severally interested.
Eventually they quarreled and Wah Lung
Duck and Sang Wai arose to their feet as
though to engage in a fist fight. The third
Chinese tried to make j peace between
them, but was shoved aside and Wah
Lung Duck stabbed Sang Wai with a
knife. Sang expired almost Immediately.
A fourth Chinese, who was eating his
breakfast In an adjoining room, heard
the noise made by the combatants and
rushed Into the room In time to see the
final act of the tragedy. Wah Lung Duck
lied, but the newcomer gave the alarm
and Constable I/)iig was soon on his trail.
He found him hiding in a ditch and took
him Into custody. Ihe two were
the only witnesses to the murder. Coro
ner Long went to Selma to hold an in
quest. ¦
Selma.
Sang Wai Stabbed and Instantly
Killed by Wah Lung Duck at
QUAEEEL OF CHINESE
ENDS IN A MURDER
It is proposed to release, at stated in
tervals during the progress of the ex
pedition, small balloons with records of
the progress made. Each balloon will be
furnished with a supply of hydrogen to
last twenty days. The prevailing currents
of air will carry the balloon south and
then eastward. The expedition will go
north through Bering Straits and return
by way of Spitzenbergen.
It Is estimated, that the cost of the ex
pedition will be $100,000, of which $50,000
will be expended on tha ship and the out
fit.
VANCOUVER, Nov. 16.— Str Clement
Markham, president of the Royal Geo
graphical Society of England, has ar
ranged to send Captain P. P. Bernler on a
north polar expedition, starting from Van
couver early next summer. Bernier is an
arctic navigator of many years" experi
ence and his plans for next season's voy
age include several hovel features.
R. Jules Lachance has been sent herfl
from Montreal to make preliminary ar
rangements for the expedition. The first
requisite is the crew. Bernler is looKin^
for twelve men and all must be posses te>\
of scientific and naval talent. It has been
decided to use a heavily constructed steel
vessel for the voyage, and Lachance win
have the ship bought or built on this
coast. He may award the contract to the
Union Iron Works of San Francisco.
Francisco.
May Be Built in San
Steel Vessel to Convey the Explorer
PLANS rOR, BEHNIEB'S
POLAR EXPEDITION
The police believe Ramsey to be a clever
swindler, who has been working this game
extensively. Among his belongings were
found a number of blank sight drafts.
Ramsey declares he has money to meet
these checks in the East and that he will
settle them In full. When arrested ne
had $69 in his pocket. No charge has been
put against him, but unless he succeeds
In settling he will be charged with ob
taining money under false pretenses ad
soon as the dishonored check Is returned.
Ramsey attempted to pass a $50 check
on the Arcade dry g-oods store and a $20
check on A. Graessle of the National sa
loon. These two were drawn on an uncle
in Evansvllle, Ind.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 16.— William L. Ram
sey, a young man from the East, who
has been riding around with real estate
men, claiming to be looking for a suitable
ranch, has been arrested by the police for
passing a number of worthless checkd.
He has been here for a couple of weeks
and during that time has cashed four
checks besides attempting to dispose of
several others. Dr. Hervey. a local phy
sician, Indorsed four of these. Ramsey
became acquainted with J. Kelly, an em
ploye of the doctor, and obtained $25 from
him on a check after Dr. Hervey had In
dorsed It. It was a .sight draft on hla
brother, F. II. Ramsey, in Danville, 111.,
who, he said, held some money of his.
By his smooth talk and representations
he induced the doctor to indorse three
others. One was for $35 and two for 150
each. Yesterday the brother wa3 com
municated with and answered that ho
could not honor the checks.
William L. Ramsey Under Atrest at
San Jose.
PASSES WOBTBXESS CHECKS.
Dr. M. L. Adams of Ballard, father of
the Miss Adams who accompanied Mls.«
Ingalls on her last visit to Mrs. Laurie,
says that two days prior to the girl's
death he purchased; arsenic for. Mrs.
Laurie. The Adams family and Mrs.
Laurie live in the same building. She
said that she intended using it for some
experiments in taxidermy.
The heart, liver, stomach, kidneys and
portions of the lungs, of the dead girl
were removed by the doctors and will
be the subjects of separate examinations.
The search is for arsenic and the reason Is
given in the assertion that Mrs. Laurie,
the woman under suspicion, purchased a
small quantity of arsenic two days b*fore
the girl's death.
Drs. Bories and Powers, who performed
tho autopsy, made a partial report to the
Coroner yesterday, but It was determined,
after a consultation with the Prosecut
ing Attorney's office, that no Jury should
be called until after a complete and
searching examination.
SEATTLE, Nov. 16.— Although the Cor
oner yesterday announced that a jury
would bo impaneled to investigate the
cause of death of Mabel Ingalls, the
young Ballard girl, whose untimely takfng
oft on November 3 has aroused grave sus
picions of foul play, it was to-day said
that the inquest would be deferred per
haps for a week in order to allow liie
chemists to make the most careful analyt
ical examination of the vital organs taken
from the body.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Inquest Over Mabel ¦ Ingalls' Body
Will Be Delayed Until a Thor
ough Examination Can ¦
Be Made.
Statement Made by a Neigh
bor of the Ballard- ;
Suspect
BOUGHT ARSENIC
FOR MRS. LAURIE
OAKLAND, Nov. 16.— A Salvation Army
lassie came all the way across the con
tinent to wed the Salvation Army soldier
Of her choice and last evening the cere
mony was performed at the army head
quarters by Staff Captain. Crawford. The
wedded ones are Captain Marie Anderson
and Captain Henry Parson and the wed-
Marie Anderson and Henry Parson
Manage to Slip a Ceremony in
Between Orders for
Duty.
Trials of Two Salvation
Army Captains Who
Would Marry.
WOUL D POSTPONE
WEDDING NO MORE
James P. Allen, who«e home is at 1334
Adeline street, within two doors of the
corner of Eighteenth, is the greatest suf
ferer by the storm. His residence is al
most- a wreck. The roof la torn oft and
the timbers were wrenched nnd the rain
leaks into every room. The plastering
was knocked off the walls in" great pieces.
Nearly all the upstairs furniture was
drenched by the rain that poured in and
peighbors were appealed to for assist
ance and bed clothing for the night.
Next door to Allen's resilience lives D.
C. Owens' family. The blinds of that
house are all torn off, together with a
portion of the. rear stairs. A portion of
the fence, built upon an embankment, is
down and several trees are uprooted.
The home of Mrs. Captain Miller, on 'the.
northeast corner of Eighteenth and Ade
line streets, suffered the loss of all the
shutters, which were blown several hun
dred feet down the street. The fence
which surrounded three sides of the house
¦was blown down and a lot of shrubbery
was ruined. A eucalyptus tree which was
in the rear yard was. torn up by the roots
and hurled across the street into a vacant
lot. A shed was leveled and fire came
near bein? added to the general destruc
tion by the blowing: over of a lamp in a
bedroom of the Miller home. One of the
ladies of the house saw It topple over In
time to seize it and throw it out through
the ¦window.
The old De Fremery property, at the
southwest corner, was considerable dam
aged, though the full force of the cloud
burst did not seem to strike it. Two hun
dred feet of the fence was blown down on
the Adeline-street side- and much of the
trees and shrubbery was broken, torn up
by the roots and injured.
All the way along the block on Adeline
street, leading north from Eighteenth,
the fences are more or less damaged and
the small trees torn out of the ground.
The home of John P. Irish is among the
Injured.
During the storm the two-story brick
residence of Henry Meyer, on the north
west corner of Sixth and Broadway-, was
struck by a blinding flash of lipTitnlng
and the roof was nearly torn off. No one
was hurt.
Those whose property was destroyed bv
the cloudburst say it was over as qu'ckiy
as it came. AH agree that it could net
nave lasted more than a minute, aud th.Pi
!f it had continued a few moments longer
than it did very great damage would have
resulted. Tho Impact of the storm could
be felt by the Iftmates of the houses as
it struck from the southeast and whirled
around until it had completed the Circle
and then melted away. Just a few mo
ments before It bad been perfectly cairn
and there was not a suspicion that the
elements would break loose. The down
pour that came with the cloudburst flood
ed the streets and mude .walking almost
impoPFible for two hours after it had
cleared oft.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
U1S Broadway, Nov. 16.
With fearful fore* a cloudburst, accom
panied by a small cyclone, broke shortly
after 7 o'clock to-night in the vicinity of
Eighteenth and Adeline streots. In the
upheaval that followed the roof of one
residence was completely blown ofT, fences
were razed, telegraph poles and wires
were pulled out of place, trees were taken
up by the roots and shrubbery of all kinds
was laid waste, and one big fence was
blown across the Seventh-street local
track, causing a short blockade of the
system.
Trees Uprooted, Eences Thrown Down,
Houses Unroofed and Streets
Made Impassable for Over
Two Hours. « •
Cloudburst and Cyclone
Play Havoc With
Residences.
WIND AND RAIN
RIOT IN OAKLAND
Xativc Sons of the Golden West on Sat-
I urday evening, November Zi, In the han
m:et hail of the Native Sons' building,
refreshments will be served at 8:30
o'clock. The committee in charge of the
affair has secured Bomc splendid amateur
talent and a very fine programme will bo
rendered. -8*J»a
A jinks nnd smoker will be given by
the Past Presidents' Association of the
Past Presidents' Association.
Chief Sullivan has been convinced for
some days that Zlck Abrams, the pool
seller, has been selling pools, but he has
been unable to catch him In the act.
Yesterday he placed a blockade on
Abrams' poolrooms and will keep It up
until he eoes out of the business. Abrams
was one of thd poolmen who stipulated
with the Chief that he would not sell any
pools pending the decision of the Superior
Court on the appeal cases, and he is the
only one . who has apparently broken the
agreement - •- ' •
Poolseller Evades the Law.
It was found that W. P. EnRllsh, a
Southern Pacific Railroad brakeman, who
was killed last week, came to his death
through carelessness on the part of some
person in not throwing a switch. Whether
this person was the victim of the acci
dent or another employe the jury was un
able to say.
Coroner's Jury Verdicts.
Several verdicts were rendered by the
Coroner's Jury yesterday. In the case of
Wong Hlng. who was murdered on Wash
ington street last Saturday night, the jury
f.niletJ to fix the responsibility of the crime
oh any persons. A Chinese ¦woman and
her lover are under arrest on suspicion of
having committed the deed, but the evi
dence against them was not of a strong
character.
cured a seach warrant from Judge Ca
l>anis*« to recover poEses-'Pion of deeds
plven by him to Charles F. Blandln of
she Dewey Tran?i>ortaUon Company, 206
Montgomery avenue.
He alleges that LJlandln met him In the
I-ick House about three months ago and
nfter learning- that he owned the Rancho
Catalina In Lower California and
land in Mexico, offered to purchase the
property. As an indication ol his wealth
re showed Castro checks for $15,000 and
other amounts.
The result «>f the interview was that
CuFtro pent Blandin the grants of the
lands in Lower California and Mexico. He
wafted in the expectation of the sale be-
Jng completed, but as he could get no
fati!=faction he demanded the return of
the papers, which Klandin declined to
part with unless he was given $100. Castro
alleges he is not the only victim of
Dlandln.
Eearch Warrant Obtained by Juan B.
Castro of Castroville for Re
turn of Papers.
Juan B. Castro of Castrovllle has se-
ACCUSED OF WANTING
MONEY FOB NOTHING
Reception Committee— Chairman. -First Ser-
Kfant Lawrence T. Boland; Sergeant Frank A.
GilBon, Frrgeant Robert McDermott, Serjeant
Harry F. Sullivan, Corporal Florence I. Sulli
van, Prix - »te Joseph Iiaptlrta, Private Thomas
Curran. Private Cornelius Deasy, Private Jo
*eph H. Grennan, Private George Hayes. Pri
vate Robert H. Laydon. Private Frank J. Me-
Govern. Private Joseph P. Kelly, Private
Charles McQuade. Private William O'Connor.
Private Charles E. Plnkham, Private Joseph
Mohun. Private Frank Oneto, Private George
Herbert. Private Edward I. Haynes, Private
Joreph P. McQuade. Private E. C. Kugelberg.
Floor Committee — Drill In«tructor Andrew J.
Gaughran, Sergeant Ferdinand Kienel, Cor
poral James E. McCortulck, Corporal Daniel J.
Smith. Corporal William Sheehan. Private John
K. Cornyn. Prix-ate John Foley. Private Frank
H. Griffln. Private Clarence Hall, Private Wil
liam J. Sullivan. Private James E. Welch.
Floor director. Captain Ignatius D. Dwyer;
ansiRtant floor director*. Lieutenant Frank A.
McCarthy, Lieutenant John T. Donohue.
Lemonade was served between dances.
Twelve numbers on the programme made
the affair an early though a thoroughly
enjoyable one. The committees were as
follows:
Sr>on after 8 o'clock the dancers com
menced to arrive and when the strains of
the orchestra were heard for the grand
march many couples responded. Even
ing dress was the order and the young
merry makers presented a picturesque
siurht as they went through the. fleures of
the opening number, led by Captain Igna
tius D. Dwyer.
League of the Cross Cadets and friends
of the order filled Xatlve Sons' Hall on
Mason street last night, the event being
the anniversary complimentary ball of
D Company. First Regiment.
Anniversary Ball at Native
Sons' Hall.
Company D, First Regiment, Gives an
LEAGUE OF THE CHOSS
CADETS MAKE MERRY
Splendid Programme Has Been Ar
ranged for To-Night at Metro
politan Temple.
This eveninsr th<* Teachers' Annuity As
t^ijoiatioii will p1vr> a benefit at Metropoli
tan Temple. Although the sympathy of
the Hoard f.t Bdacation is with the asso
ciation in its efforts to augment the per
manent fund, no tickets were permitted
io br- «oH in the schools, as it was feareil
it mip-ht <listract the minus of the pupils
fi-r>m thfir studies. \v. J. O'Brien, whose
j'upil.- have so kindly volunteered to ap
'¦•:ir at th* lx^nellt, declares that he has
ir.ade this benefit tno effort of his life an<i
ti:at this fntr'rtaijinient will surpass in
merit nil previous attempts to entertain
the public.
The programme to-night will be as fol
lows: **"
Finhrr'p h<->mi>ii>««. Amy Tr^acy find Rcvna
Ji^-lanco; tAniljourine danc^, Vcra t^dinonilpon i
Polish "iar.vt, Al'jise tli-tihardt ; skirt dance,
eoMsablei pavott*-. Lelia Cocgin?: lover's quar
r<¦!. eutntiAti wsltr cio?. \>va Anderson and
IMna Martin; coooanat danor, Vrra Lltz; buck
¦nd wins. Itoblit** Ktaok: «vm dance, Ed Ijitz;
I>fy8i<-a! culture, clan*: Irish jIk. Iteyna Bclas
oo: a. Jolly tar, Utlta R'Jlh Maguire; ipeclal
tit-s. CUdjrs \W1It; «s price, Kstella Jacob*;
waltz dog, Ctbel Srhwancr; son? and dance,
H-Ina Martin: fallor's liornpipe. Veva Ander
s--n: past and omwnt, Ethfl Bchr.-an*r; cake-
The prices of Beats are as follows: Re
?crvrd row. V) cents; general admission.
S cents: children under 10 years, 15 cents
BENEFIT FOR TEACHERS'
ANNUITY ASSOCIATION
To-dar w»'re celebrating for th« Gold and Blue.
It may nonpar we'r<> singing here
Of thing* that are both ftrange and queer,
But it's all for the sake of California.
For the Fake of California many things we do.
To-«iay we're celebrating for tho Gold and Blue
We've *ot thrir ax. they're fall of tax.
And now the chills run up their backs.
All for the cake of California.
FOOTBALL. BOXG.
(TvrtP — "A Springtime in Dixie.")
What will we do to the Stanfordltes?
Thanksgiving Day!
We'll celebrate them on that night
After xve play.
We now declare that our hoodoo's gone.
Kelly is here.
Hit 'em a pain, boys!
Hit 'em acain. boys!
Harder!
REFRAIN
Palms of victory.
Palms of
Palms of victory we shall win.
(Repeat last three lines.)
How do you think we'll feel that day?
.Anjthlnjr hut cros.«!
What will the redehirts have to ray
After their loss?
Fill them a bumper to the brim.
For we have won.
Do H ap.iln. boys!
Do It a train, boys!
Often!
The prize yell for this year was:
Raclty cax co-ax eo-ax!
Emash 'em line! Charge 'em backs!
Hit 'em acaln!
.Hard nealn". "
Harder! harder! harder again!
California!
California!
" Rah!!
Some of the yells for individual players
are:
Loll! Loll! Loll-loll-la!
PRIKGLE.
(locomotive whistle.)
Who! Who! Who-who!
SMITH!!
But the yell that thrills the heart of the
rooter and the one he likes best is the
old "Osky Wow" yell: ; J
O*kv! Wow! Wow!
IV h 1 sk y ! Wm ! Wee !
Ol«>y — mucky — ei !
Oley— Berkeley— el !
Cali-fornl-i.!!!
Wow!!
Next in favor with the "Osky Wow" is
the original California yell:
Ha! Ha! Ha!
California!
U. C. Berkeley.
Zip Doom Ah!
Air-Trio of "Mosquito Parade.")
V,v;i lt> J.n<5 shout for California,
Up and shout for California.
No»> Mm tim« to rni*«? our ecrr^
And h^-lp m:r footbnll Jjctj-r alnng.
So un and sliout for California,
Cp «n<1 Fhout for California.
Quirk and Mror.jr. loud and long,
<"•si.iforr.ia. Hah!
Among the most popular choruses .are:
fAlr— 'My Ann niiicr.")
H«>r» •-••i.-ne the Stanford guys,
Vk*< 'il frivc them a surprise.
And f.;«n lvjth their eye*.
T»arh them football.
1'Au* ar.d Gc.ld can nevir fall.
Ton f-an't twtet the bear's tall.
W« are from California.
MX FOR THE PAKE OF CALIFORNIA.
F.ir The hake of California many thine* we do.
If \C ERKELET. Nov. 16.— Three hun-
J ilrrd and reventy-two leather
~yV lurgfd young men will cheer the
.±^2/ I'niversttj' of California football
team on to victory at the great
Thanksgiving- day pame. This Is the ex
act number of the "Rooters* Club" of the
State University, the roll of which closed
to-day.
Never before In the history of football
at the Ftate University have such ar
rar.gerr.er.ts been made for the "rooters."
"Rooters"' has become a recognized word
at Borkfley this year, for the organiza
tion is officially known as "The Rooters'
Club," and it has a president in gteuart
Musters, and a board of officers, and a
yell lrader in Milton Schwartz, who will
Facriflce his voice in the interests of his
college. The Rooters' Club has a uniform,
and has offered prizes for new yells and
has jrone into the business of making
rights hidoous at Berkeley while prepar
ing for the great and final effort on
Thanksgiving day. Regular drills and re
hearsals have bern held and the Root
ers have gone into training almost as se
vere as that of the football team, whese
efforts th*»y expt*?t to cheer alone:.
Yell Leader Milton Schwartz has a lot
of spectacular plans for the day of the
treat game. It includes blue and gold
uniforms and w<">n<1*>rful effects that are
to be kf-pt secrrt uniil thev are sprung on
the football field.
Several new ydlg have been add^d to
the !Jst this year. Here are a few of the
shouts for which prizes were awarded
earlier in the season:
F)nt priif chor-j*. by E. M. McColll»t«>r:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1900.'
LEATHER-LUNGED CLUB
TO YELL FOR BERKELEY
Roll of Rooters Closed and All Rehears
ing Riotous Nonsense.
ALMEDA IN CLUTCHES
OF THE TRUST OCTOPUS
Bootblacks Form a Combination and
: Double the Priee of Shine.
11
It Is far easier to sell a dog than It la to
give him away.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 190O.
12
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
I5USINF.ES OFFICE cf The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every eight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES^- 627 Montgomery street.
<-orr:er Clay; ci>cn until *:30 p. m.
tW Hay«i street; open until S:30 p. m.
t'9 MeA!!!it*r street; cpen until 9:30 p. sn.
Hi Lnrkln street; open until 3:30 p. m.
Ml Mission etreet: cpen until 10 p. m.
SI61 Market etrert. corner Sixteenth; cp«n
« - :i 9 p. m.
306 Eleventh etreet; cper. until > p. m.
1C96 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreetg; open until 9 p. m.
.MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Corr.matniery No. L K.
T.. No. 8 Poet et.— Officers and mem- gfijp
ber* are notified to assemble in the |y;j;
asylum OS BUNDAY. Nov. lfc. at 12:3) "PS*
|). m., for the purpose o' attending the
funeral of r.ur deceased frater R E., Sir
THOMAS HUBBAR1) CASWELL. By order
Ot the Commander. '
H1UAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
THE rvxrr.ber* of the Past Mas-
ters' Association, K. and A. JLJ
M., are reijuw'ted to meet at /y» ¦
Masonic Tenqite. Post and B ift
Mom prom r>ry «;s., at 1 o'clock rZ. k, Ji\
on BCNDAY. November Is. trZ^mVi.
1900, to attend the- funeral oi g*& * V\
our latf- brother. THOMAS »J v*»&\\
HIBHARD CASWELL. 1*. M. *<E5__f_C£^
of Nevada Lodffe No. 13. I". A
A. %L liy order (fill? I'r^fMeni.
PETER T. BARCLAY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6, R. A. *
M.. will meet THIS <SATURDAY) _A
EVENING. November 17, at J^Ojfjf
o'clock. R. A. d^grf*. Hy ord*>r of r^* r «
the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 12". F. and A. M. «
-Si^lal mating THIS (SATURDAY) __\_
AFTERNOON. »• 3 o'clock. Second TtlT
degree. Fellow Craft Masons cordial- /^r^
ly Invited. By order of the \V. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 16S, F. and A. M.— n
Officers and members are hereby noti-
f:rd to attend the fur.pral of our late 5E5?
brother. P. M. JAMES GRAFTOX **r >
6MITH, SUNDAY. November IS. at 1:30 p. ;
m., from the hall cf this lodge. By order ef '
the W. M. GEO. D. FLACK. Sec ,
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydrau- ;
lie process from F. D. toward et al., in the !
Undir.e and May Day f'acer mines, consoli- !
£atr-4, near Gold Lake. Sierra County, to de-
posit tailings in a worked-out pit; from Mrs.
Armle K. Jones, in the Nupget placer mine. !
ri«?ar .Tohneville, Plumas County, to deposit !
teilir.fre in Hopkins Creek: from C D. Haz-
zari. in the Plusr.as Imperial Mine .No. 2,
near Qulncy. Plum&s County, to deprtfcit tail-
Ings in Flate Crack ; from David Corbett. in
the Golden Gate Mine, near Glbsonvllle. Sler-
rm County, to deposit lalUnps In Wisconsin ;
ravine, and from Charles Schneider, In the :
American Mine, near Spanish Ranch, Plumas !
County, to deposit tallinps in a ravine, gives
notice that a mooting will be held at room
IS. Flood building. Ban Francisco. Cal., oa
IVccmber 3. 1900. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual [
meeting of the stockholders of the Faauhau
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at
the office of the company. No. S27 Market St., 1
San Krancitco, Cal.. on SATURDAY, the 1st
day of IJecember. lMO. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuinp
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness .•-* may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer book? will close on TUESDAY. November
20. 1W. at S o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL rreeting— The. regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Honolulu Planta-
tion Company will be held at the offlce of
the cenroany. No. 327 Market etreet. San
Frar.c'.sco. California, on MONDAY, the 19th <
<3ay of November, 1S00, at the hour of 11 j
o'clock a. m.. lor the purpose cf electing a
beard of diiectors to serve for the ensuing
year, snd the transaction of such other bual-
nees as roa> come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will' close on Thursday, Xovembtr
f. ISOC. at 2 o'clock p. — 1.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meeting
cf the stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar
Companv will be held at the offlce of the com-
panv. >fo ST7 Market street. San Francisco.
California, en MONDAY, the 19th day of No-
vember. WO, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m..
for the purpose c f electing a board cf direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year, and the
transaction of such- other business as may
rant before the meeting. Transfer books
will close on Thursday. November S, 1300. at
I o'clock p. xn.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ALL can borrow meney on silks, oil paintings
«nd bureles from COLLATERAL BANK. 15
Grant ave.. rear Market st.
AGEXTS WANTED.
LEADING Australian firm will appoint com-
tietent person or firm as buying agent, etc.:
reference? required. Immediate application
to KB. HLALEY, New Western Hotel, on
Kr-arriy ft.
SOMETHING new; sells by showing. Call fore-
nrvon 4CS Thirteenth st.. near Valencia.
SECURE apenry Xmas novelty; sample 20c.
Fast Import Apcrits' Supply Co.. 1123 Market.
ASI'HALTIM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 11*6 MlFsion: tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
DR. C. TOl'EET TAYLOR. Sclentlfle Astroio-
pei — Free copy "The New Moon." 76S Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. PT7 Market St.. 6th floor, room 617
— Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all cases; fair fees; no advance
charges; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE frep; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
I. KDW. JARRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market sts.; phone Red 1X1.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. Davidscn. IC7 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 llar-
ket St.: consultation free: no fees la advance.
UATII CAUINETS.
ROBINSON. Niagara. Perfection and others. W.
S. BROWN CO.. agency. <26 Ellis St.. S. F.
UICVCLlih— For Sale or I£xc!mnse.
GOOD second-hand bicycles; Al condition: Co-
lumblas. Whites. Hartfords. A'.len. 1970 Page.
OO AS TESt brakes; »7 CO, put on. ALLEN. 301
Larkin st.
UOAKUINU FOR CHILDREN.
REFINED lady would take a child to~~bo_rdj
good borne. 270 Fell st.
ULSINESS CHANCES.
A— tlMV— SHOEMAKER repairing ehojTon Third
«.. doing from $^5 to $50 work every week; a
rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE, i'6ij Kearny.
A—OLD established fancy grocery, wine and
liquor store; established for years and known
«is a first-class paying business; half interest
for sale; price taO'JO; retiring partner leaving
for north. particulars R. G. WILKE. 264
Kearny Ft.
A— $3500; WINE and liquor saloon doing a
eplendid business; established S years;
choicest location on Market st.; rent $100 • Ions
lease. Call R. O. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st,
$300— COFFEE and lunch parlor, doing a good
business, on one of the best ftreeta in city
R. G. WILKE. 2614 Kearny et.
A— $30<J — Oyster and chop house, opposite R. R.
' dej>ot. across the bay; dally receipts $30; rent
t:5. Particular* R. G. WILKE. 2t>»£ Kearny.
A-S25O0; CLEAXIXG and dying works; estab-
lished for many years; a clear monthly profit
of S25i| guaranteed ; knowledge of business no t
necessary; a rare chance, but must be taker
at once. Call R. O. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— 12750: CORNER liquor store and saloon. on«
block from C8ll bldg.; place clearing J300 p*i
month; lease; firet-class business opening,
Call R. O. WILKE, 2t>H Kearny st.
A— 1750; COFFEE saloon, oyster and chop house
close tf> Alcazar Theater; rent $75; a flrst-clasi
paying business; sickness compels owner tt
kacrlflce. 6ee R. G. WILKE. 2«H Kearny st
A— 15000: SALOON on Market St.; rent J75. In-
* eluding 11 furnished' rooms; dally receipt!
about $£0: mercantile lunch; lease; first-clasi
paying proposition. Particulars R. G. WILKE
:•(.'-.- Kuarny st.
A— 1250: CORNER saloon in wholesale district
place estab. years; good paying: no night o:
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny st
A— $000; BOOK store on Futter st. doing a goo<
business; owner must leave in 1 week fo
liart: ttock invoices near double. Call R. G
WILKE. 26^ K»arny st.
A PARTNER wanted in a manufacturing am
contracting business; duties will be the col
lectlng, taking orders in offlce anj) keeping ac
counts. J. W. DONNELLY & CO.. 632 Market
BAKERY with oven all complete: will rent o
sell cheap. LANE & CO.. 865 Market St.
PARTNER wanted, man or woman; buslnes
tstabli*hed for year*. LANE Sc CO.. S6» Mkl
$509 — ON account of sickness; restaurant 1:
Berkeley, clearing tlOO; splendid opportunlt
for husband and wife. CLOSE. 20i Kearny
CBOCS&T nnd bar in good location: etock I
ficht for full purchase price. W. L. HAB
PER. SS7 Parrott building.
WANTED— Interest In paying chickea ranct
Address box SEL. Call office.
UX'SIXESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
A— J4000; IjREWERY and bottling works; owner
has other business: cannot attend to both;
will eell half or whole interest. See owner,
605 Battery st. v, ¦
WANTED— Partner with $500 to go into a tim-
ber business; large profits; will stand in-
vestigation. Room 1, 917 Market st.
WILL locate 40 men on redwood and tanbark
timber claims, 3 miles from railroad. HALL :
& McMILLEN. room 1, 917 Market Bt.
WANTED— Lady or gent with $100 to act as
cashier; salary $15 per week, including ex-
panses; must travel. H. S-. box 255. Call.
FRUIT nnd vegetable business, horse, wagon,
2 livlns rooms, to sell to-day. 1217^ Scott, j
WILL trade ranch near city for paying busl- j
nees. Address Mutual, box 231. Call offlce. j
J150 WILL buy a flne 2-chalr barber shop; fine
trade; must sell. 394 Sixth st.
RESTAURANT— Splendid opportunity for en-
terprising man. 76 Ninth st.
$600— CORNER saloon on business street. 2
blocks from Call building; reasons departure I
for the East. For particulars apply to S. 1
DLUMENTHAL & CO.. 653 and 660 Mission. I
A— FOR sale on account of sickness; one of the !
oldest and best-known restaurants and saloon;
j J3W00 to $5C00 required. Apply 116 Front at.
! A-BARGAINS in rooming houses, branch bak- |
' eries. restaurants, business chances, real es-
i tate. 1032 Market ft., room 4.
W ANTED— Lease on hotel or lodging house,
furniKhed, city or country, with a view to
purchase. Box S61. Call offlce.
FOR" SALE— Cheap: fruit, vegetable and \-a-
riety store; corner Hyde and Vallejo sts.;
rent low. Apply premises.
SALOON for sale; located 1 block from Hall of
Justice, near Kearny st. Apply 640 Commer-
olal st.
BEST paying roadhouse In the State; must be
fold this week: party going East. Address
W. KLUCK. Vallejo. Cal.
$7S0-ELEGANTLY furnished restaurant; Lee-
palmer; cost $4000; a snap. Apply D. M.
RAE. S37 Mission st.
$12,000— NEW building and stable; lot 100x120;
grocery and bar, stock and fixtures; on end
cf car line; clearing $300 a mo. Box 120, Call.
A- SNAP
Chop house. 2S9 Eighth St.
FOR sale— A S8-room lodging-house; price rea-
sonable. 649 Howard St., near Second.
FISH and delicacy store for sale. Address 346
Virginia Bt.. Vallejo.
$250 — GOOD paying restaurant for sale; rent $18,
' with living rooms. 573 Hayes st.
jjnQ—NEAT coffee Baloon, near Market; rent
I t" 50. Arply 837 Mission Bt
BAKERS— Bakery complete to let; NW. cor.
24th and Guerrero sts. Owner 128 Chattanooga.
WANTED— Butcher's fixtures for small shop,
light horse and wagon. Box 25,4, Call office.
INSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
CAI.L business nfnee. -
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A^irROOM^T^OUTH OF MARKET ST.
No ltea«->nable Offer Refused.
9 rooms; «"xcellent value $300
10 " Handsome furniture 600
12 " Clears $50 a month £W
14 " Corner house; only 473
20 " Golden Gate; cash only 703
77 " Clears $125. guaranteed 1150
30 " Al investment '.. 1400
31 " Big money maker 1800
44 " Transient house 2OO0
55 " A sunny corner 27iO
66 " Elegantly furnished 4000 1
SO " Modern and complete 3000
106 " Magnificent house 05CK)
Some hlKh-class family hotels In all dis-
tricts. Cash or easy terms. We assist you
half the purchase money.
HAYES & WILSON. S3S Market (The Elite).
A. L. WILLEY. room IS. 916 Market St.
16 rooms. $750; rent, with water. $25; Howard j
St.. near new Postotflce; all rented.
15 rooms, $1100; rent, with water, $55; Geary
St.; oak furniture; hot water in even' room.
29 rooms. $1700; rent $100; one floor; Market 1
et.. opposite L O. O. F. building.
Other houses, lots, farms, mines and any-
thing you want for sale or exchange. 916 Mar-
ket 6t; open from S to S; phone Black Zllh.
LODGING-HOUSES wanted for cash customers.
Willey, 916 Market, rm. 18; phone Black 5215.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. room 1. Free list.
New bargains every day— good-paying houses.
Over 500; all sizes and prices; terms easy. 1
11 rooms; pays well; rent $40 $500 j
12 rooms; rent $55: full; respectable 800
IS rooms; good house and central 950 I
IS rooms: full; clears $S0 month 600 !
63 rooms; clean; central; apartments 3500 ;
CS rooms; snap; central; paying 3600 (
27 rooms; light: good furniture; flne 1000 :
4* rooms; apartments; clears $107 month. 1600 I
BITTERS of lodging-houses will flnd large list;
fine bargains in lodging-houses. Samples:
1P2 rooms; rent $64; price $1500.
12 rooms; rent $34; price $400.
We loan money to buyers at V* per cent.
SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 917 Market St., be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Phone Mint 1911.
A— 22-ROOM house; central $1000
C0-room house; first class 1050
11-room house, $475; 6-room flat 325;
20-room bouse; Eddy; rent $75; only 900 j
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market 8t.
WILL pay caeh for lodging-house of 25 to 40 1
rooms; must be cheap. Box 9, Call office.
A BARGAIN— House, 27 rooms, and full; no
work; cheap rent. ' Inquire Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
ENOLIFH ladles' and gents' saddles cheap. 329
Golden Gate ave.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light i
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission, j
NEW & 2d-hand wagens, buggies, carts & har-
nesa. work & driving horses, loth & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world-renowned spirit-
ual medium: advice In all affairs of life, law-
eults. divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; clrs. Bun.. Wed.. Frt. ev's;
come and be convinced. Permanently located
513 Eddy st, bet Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
MRS. DR. GILSON is located at 614 Jessie St.,
near Seventh; sittings daily; circle to-night.
EDW. EARLE. slate writer, removed 300 Ellis,
cor. Taylor; Sunday night, Pythian Castle.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 122 Sixth St., room 1.
MRS. LESTER. 1035 Market St.. room 1; circles
Sun.. Tues., Fri., 8 p. m.; 10c; read, doily.
"CONSULT WATSON," 15S1 Mkt., nr. 12th, me-
dlum, clairvoyant, psychic. & palmist: 50c & $L
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test. bus.
medium, life reader;, sltt. $1. 1164 O'Farrell.
FRIENDSHIP HaTl7335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings; convincing tests to-night; 10c.
; CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
1 ket et., corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for pamph-
I let with special terms.
• t MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant _ card
I 1 reader, born with double veil & second sight;
; diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
; g«-nts $1; palm and clalr. sit $1 50. 1£6 Turk.
. MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
t given In all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
. MRS. E. SANDERS. E14 Taylor St.. near Geary
— Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium:
t ladles' circle Thurs., 2 p. m.; Fri., 8; cir. 25c.
I ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
I REMOVED — The great Inspirational card read-
r er; price 25c and 50c: hours 10 a. m. till 9 p. m.
[ MADAME VAN BERGEN, 228 Fulton st.
• MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader.me-
dlum: 25c up. S23 Mission Pt..nr.4th; ring bell.
¦ j MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
' I 1st and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 1125 Mission St., upstairs.
5 MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past,
i present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 14.
'. CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist, palm-
- 1st and card reading. 25c. 1241% Market st.
I MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant. wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth: German spoken.
. MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
; palmistry; truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission.
r MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
- sittings dally. 448^ Jessie st.
• MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
. advice: names, given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CHIROPODISTS.
- BUNIONS, ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure.
'.- painless: consult'n fre*. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
L. '
J COLLECTION OFFICES. . . ' .
_ GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No~chargTun^
s lem successful. Room 310. 827 Market st.
L I
- COTTAGES TO LET.
y TO let— A cottage. 4 rooms: rent $10 per month-
large yard: corner Jersey and Sanchez. Ap-
" ply at grocery.
:- $S— HOUSE of 4 rms.. worth $14; In city. -neat
Holly Park; water free. 64 Silver St., off 3d.
1. FOLSOM. 2326-Cottage 7 rooms and bath; large
yard: rent J2S
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work 1
eend to SPAULDING'S Plbneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 353-357. Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
STANDARD, 313 Guerrero — Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpents cleaned, •<
8c yd.: laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beatlngr and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H. .
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 8th St.: tel South 250. -
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at.;
tel. Main 834. GKO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Goldsn .
Gate ave.: telephone East 126. _^^ J
DENTISTS.
AT~th« ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar- i
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth .
without plates our specialty; gold crowns, J
iS 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON.M.D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns", plates, bridges (
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, rainless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices -
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants. 3
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings, 50c; J
crowns, $3 50; plates, full set, $5; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth gt.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $5 per set; extracting.- 50c; gaa given.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and brldees: teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O. YOUNG.
1841 Polk »t. ¦
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction.
50c New York Dentists. 963 Mission, cor. 6th.
DRESS3IAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmakingand Millinery School;
patterns cut: e\-enlng class. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring and Mll-
llnery School: French system. 411 Van Ness.
DKPILA'tOBV.
O. C. C— A Harmless liquid for permanently
"removing superfluous hair; will not irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skin; agents
¦wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag'cy. 426 Ellis.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter; teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, ehorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, and accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford ¦ professor. Fhelan building.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
learn in a limited time, take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL. room 63._ Thurlow block. 126 Kearny st.
ATRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; day
and evening; Individual instruction, $8 per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
WANTED — An experienced teacher to giv«
conversational lessons In Encllsh to a prl-
vnte pupil. Address box 263. Call.
A thorough, experienced teacher of stenography
and typewriting wishes private pupils; testi-
monials; satisfaction guaranteed. Box 249, Call.
HE FAILED', had he practiced bookkeeplnsr a
short time with- expert Tarr, 220 Parrot bldg,
he would not; be wise. -•
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day. eve.; est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEX SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MUNSON, School Shorthand, Typing, Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 137 Monfy. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MB. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio;
violin. EUitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— FARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-Night class. 424 Pine St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc . day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 yeaVs; all kinds help.
421 Post st., near Powell; telephone Bush 133.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Walters, cooks,
dishw'rs; est. 1890. 419 Devlsadero; tel. Page 547.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 626 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
j RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main IMS.
] UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn. ; domestic serv. 417 Powell ; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411V4 O'Farrell at. : tel. East 426.
! EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
SITUATION as housekeeper by woman with a
girl 14; country preferred. Apply 1148 Mis?
Blon st.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
COMPETENT Eastern woman; good cook;
pome washing; private family. 264*4 Tehama
st., near Fourth.
• FIRST-CLASS colored laundress wants work
i by day washing or cleaning. Call 253 Jessie
! St., H. A. ¦
1 A YOUNG woman with a child would like to
work In country; housework, i Address 106
Eleventh St.. box 26.
LADY wishes position as housekeeper; city or
country. 120 Sixth St., room 2. *
LADY, would like position as housekeeper in
lodging house; has had experience. Box 260,
Call office. * -
WANTED — Position as collector by bright ener-
getic young lady; no triflers; ealary; refer-
ences exchanged; Al recommendation. Ad-
dress box 240. Call office.
WANTED — By a good woman, a position as
cook where there Is no woman to interfere.
530 Gough st. -
TWO girls from the country want housework.
Call 718 Greenwich St., upstairs. ;i \
WANTED — A position as governess to young
children or companion to lady. Address MISS
JAMES, Alameda P. O., Cal.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; pri-
vate entrance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 CO night. $1 50 to *8
week; convenient . and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to arid from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at .1036
Valencia^ st.
EMPLOY3IENT WANTED MALE.
SITUATION wanted to tako care of ranch by
man understanding orchard, vineyard and
general farm work, vegetable gardening and
poultry raising* Address box 289, Call office.
ALL-ROUND printer wants position on country
newspaper; experience as editor; can take
entire charge: situation an object; ' corre-
spondence solicited. Box 229. Call office.
YOUNG German wishes position; best of city
references; knows city perfectly. , Box; 279,
Call office. ¦
YOUNG married man wants work at anything;
i\o objection to hard work. HALSTROM, 28
Eighth st. ¦¦•¦¦¦¦
SOBER middle-aged man would like a position
as watchman: references. Inquire 416 Sixth.
BREAD and cake baker wants- position. 31
Leavenworth st.
A YOUNG man wishes to learn to be cigar-
maker. Address box 104. Call office.
YOUNG man -of 20, with 3 years' experience aa
blacksmith's .helper, wishes a like position,
with a chance to learn the trade; good refer-
• ence. Box 256. Call office. : ::
BAKER foreman, reliable and steady, wants
work as such; fair cake baker. Address
Baker. 225 Third gt.. OaKland..
JAPANESE boy wishes a situation as a waiter.
Please, address 424A Powell st., or call tel.
Lorkln 828. H. KATANO. .,..:...
¦ A— JAPANESE schoolboy wishes to dohouse-
i work and wash dishes. Address 807 Polk at.,
Jaaancae Mission. • ¦* .* - ,
HELP WANTED— MALE.
*-— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
........ '....WANT, 7 A. M.' TO-DAY ....•
Carpenters, bridge and trestle work... $3 day
Stableman for drayage company
Wagonmakers and woodworkers. ..Stablemen
Farm hands and teamsters.... .....Dairymen
WE SHIP TO- DAY........ SPECIAL RATES
£0 tiemakers, 10c and 12c, tools furnished; 150
woodchoppers, $1 to $3 cord, tools ard pro-
visions furnished. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
V— NEAT man, 25 to 40 years of age, as butler,
private family, country $25 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st. .
V— BAKER for institution. Catholic prtf erred;
laundry help— washers, starchers and ironers;
first, second and third cooks, city and coun-
try: bakers— bread and cake foremen, $20 a
week; also second and third hands; butchers;
door boy; m&n for delicatessen store. MUU-
RAY & READY. 534-636 Clay St.
8 "cabinetmakers. 6 bench
hands, shaper and ban.i sawyer, 2 sash and
door men. 2 sticker hands. Mechanics' Regis-
tration Bureau, 410 Kearny «t., room 9; non-
union* mechanics please register; new Jobs
dally; no offlce fees.
BARBERS attention— An old-established bar-
• her shop to be disposed of at your own figure;
reason for selling, removal to San Francisco:
best location and best lighted shop in Pama
Clara. Apply at once to GEO. DRAGHICE-
rVICH, Santa Clara. Cal., or H>24 Washing-
ton St., San ¦ Francisco.
3ARBER shop to rent, cheap, to a flrst-claflj
man; all furnished; three revolving chairs;
Commercial Hotel. Oakland racetrack. Ad-
dress BOARDMAN, Emeryville.
JARBER ehop; 2 chairs: in Western Addition;
a bargain. Inquire DECKELMAN BROS..
106 Ellis st.
(100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
eklns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
tV ANTED — Crockery salesman; must be ex-
perienced and of good address; give refer-
ences, experience, and wages expected. Box
277. Call offlce. ¦
WANTED— Experienced salesman for domestic
department in large retail dry goods store;
state experience, reference, salary. Apply
283, Call offlce.
SVANTED— Experienced crockery stock clerk;
steady position to right man; give references
and experience. Box 278, Call office.
iVANTED— Honest aged man as companion for
winter; Catholic preferred; free room, stove
and fuel. WM. D. DONOVAN. 1818 17th jt.
N ANTED— Porter for large retail store: state
age, experience, reference, salary. Apply box
SVANTED— Bootblack for ladles' shoes; must
be neat and gentlemanly. Apply superintend-
ent Emporium, 8 o'clock to-day.
HAND laundryman as washer and etarcher:
good wages. Apply E. J. COUCH. Stanford
Hand Laundry, Palo Alto, Cal.
A'ANTED— A good coatmaker for Martinez;
steady work guaranteed. Apply to M. J.
O*M ALLEY, merchant tailor, Martinez. Cal.
iV ANTED — A couple, German preferred; man
to do general work on ranch; wife to do gen-
oral housework. Apply box 2S4. Call offlce.
JOOD barber; none but a steady, reliable man;
wages $12. Box 274, Call offlce.
3OOD barber wanted. 1073 Market St., near
Seventh.
3OOD barber wanted for Saturday. 505 Broad-
way.
rwo barbers for Saturday; wages $3. 66 Sec-
ond St.
iVANTED— A good barber for Saturday; wages.
603 Washington st.
WANTED — A barber for Saturday afternoon
and Sunday. 1357 Dupont st.
V BARBER Saturday night and Sunday;
wages. 3901 Twenty-fourth st.
BARBER wanted every Sunday until 13 m.;
15c barber shop; $2. Box 264, Call office.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 25% Sixth st.
WANTED— Boy to run elevator. Call 102 Ellis
street.
FIRST-CLASS collector and canvasser. Apply
t at once. E. C. LITTLE, 405 Montgomery, r. 6.
WANTED— A good second cook at the Golden
West Hotel. 6S-76 Ellis st.
WANTED — 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the -Adams House, 519 Sacra-
mento St., near Montgomery: one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can flnd nice, clean, cheao, well-
ventilated roomB. A. McCREERY, Prop.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
¦weeks required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
WANTED— Young man who has served his
time in the old country as a lock or gun
smith; Bteady employment. Address 211 Ma-
eon st., upstairs.
WANTED — Experienced electrical wlreman;
must be steady and reliable man; wages %%
per day. Bakerstleld Gas and Electric Light
Company, Bakersfleld, Cal.
ACTIVE man for temporary local position
(several weeks); salary $3 per day. D. B.
SHEPP, 723 Chestnut St., Phlla.. Pa.
ONLY first-class pants makers; outside or in-
side. 604 Kearny et., room 10.
GOOD varnisher on antique furniture. Apply
Harvey's Antique Store. 1709 Polk st.
MAN wanted with $100 to invest in a paying
business; can make $65 a month; no experi-
ence required. 1016 Market St., room 10.
PENSIONS-J. H. Shepard & Co., old. reliable
firm, 806 Market, rm. 40, Phelan bldg. ; pension
vouchers executed, 25c; advice free.
GET »ycur shoes half soled while waiting, 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ELDERLY man to help in coal yard; German
preferred. 1739 Waller st.
EXPERIENCED Jewelry salesman: permanent
position in city. Box 252, Call offlce.
BOYS wanted to sell "The Raven" in S. F. and
Oakland. 2028 Market, st.. Oakland.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. 8. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st. .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms ; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 220O Fillmore st.
HEMORRHOIDS.
PILES— 300 cures business men in San Fran-
cisco: can be seen; no operation: no pain; par-
tlculars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction eales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN Sc DOYLE. Auctioneers. .
A LOT of horses Just from the ranch; well
matched double teams and single horses; well
broken single and double and fine steppers:
all sizes. Dexter Prince Stable. 1509 Grove.
HORSE clipping by experienced men; best work;
cheap prices. DALZIEL. 605 Golden Gate ave.
HORSE and wagon, together or separate; suit-
able for grocery. Address 156 Ninth st.
FOR sale— Brown mare phaeton and harness.
Occident Stable, corner Geary and Polk sts.
FEED Manhattan food; keeps horses. - cows,
poultry and dogs healthy. 1253 Folsom st.. S.F.
— HOUSES TO LET. r *~
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
INVALID. CHAIRS AND TRICiCLKS.
SOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st.
~~~ LOST AND FOOD. ~~
LOST— Purse and contents, about 111. Ninth
st.,' between Harrison and Howard. Return
72 McLea court, reward. •
LOST— Great Dane, dog (brlndle). Liberal re-
ward If returned to 148 Third st.
LOST— A passbook , with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of JAMES DO RAN or HANNAH - DO-
RAN, No. 236-1091. The finder will please .re-
turn ; to bank.
LOST— Brown leather hand bag containing a
hunting coat. etc. Finder will be rewarded on
. returning same to DE GREAYER & HOL-
LAND, 16 Third st. -
LOST— Fox terrier: bitch, 7 months old; black,
¦white and brown; small collar; reward. Cali-
fornia Renovatory, 116 Geary st.
LOST— Opera glasses; 'Sausallto ferry or MIs-
sion-st. car. • Finder please return to 1307
Guerrero st. ; liberal reward. ,
LOST— On Tuesday night, a pair of enameled
opera glasses with handle, in white plush bag.
Reward of $20 if returned to 2701 California st.
LOST— Tuesday, a cocker spaniel with white
spot on face and feet tipped with white: lib-
eral reward. DR. DAVIS, .942 Sutter st.
$100,000 TO loan on watches, diamonds, sliver,
sealskins. : pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant ave. >.
MEDICAL.
DRl AND MRS. DAVIES, 1228 Market— Ladles'*
specialists; 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at offlce; ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDOO HERB home cure,
any one can use It with satisfaction; perfect-
ly harmless. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, moved to 1018 Mar-
ket, opp. 5th; world-renowned ladles' special-
ist; safe, reliable; practiced in San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
fully; treatment can be used at home; consul-
tatlon free. After all others fall call on him.
VIRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
offlce, ?5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post -St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 997 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles', physician:
treatment. $5; positive cure guaranteed; when
others fall consult, free, MRS. DR. KOHL.
DBS. GOODWIN. 100714 Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' practice In S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; $5 at offlce; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.-
\*G TOY KEE, Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed: send for testimonials; advice free. Sanl-
tartum. 704 Sacramento St.. corner Kearny.
JGHTXIXG cure for rheumatism; formula JL
GEORGE CALDERWOOD, 1065 Washington
St., Oakland. Cal.
VIRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist: safe and sure cure, $5: best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER, practical female specialist for
37 years; can be sent. 323 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles' specialist; hom«
for patient*. S10 Eddy ft.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
3O1LERS. engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
3ARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; ire always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOOXAN. 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
3UY a brand new typewriter for 15 down and $3
per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
st. ; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
K.— BUYS, eells -or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 21S Spear st. \
¦vEW 68 Majestic range, with steam heater and
cooker, cheap; suitable for 200 people. North-
east corner Point Lobos and Fifth aves.
"OR sale or to rent— A 54 electric light bath
cabinet: new. Northeast corner Point Lobos
and Fifth aves.
h. SMITH-PREMIER typewriter, second-hand:
send for price. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110
Montgomery et.
ro PRINTERS— Two revolution four-roller Cot-
trell & Babeock press; print sheet 32x45. Box
188. Call offlce.
i-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine,
$150; can be seen running at 623 Golden
Gate ave.
BILLIARD table, balls, cues and rack, com-
plete; dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ & SOS.
16 O'Farrell s,t.
A-100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
SEAT genuine diamond stud for $12. worth $25.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
FINE upright piano by month or year; reason-
able. Inquire 2514 Mission st.
GREAT Dane pups for sale. Call at NW. .cor-
ner of Fifteenth and De Haro sts.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery sl
FOR SALE— Pet deer. Address D. GAL-
BREITH. box 28, Stockton. Cal.
GREAT Dane: broke to harness: will carry
child on his back; cheap. 810 Howard et.
L. SPARBER & SON removed 634 Mission St.;
pay highest price for tools and machinery.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof eafe. 21S California st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission St.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 SO. Portland Loan OMce. 25 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes; Id-hand. J. Burke, 139 Beaie.
MAGIC lanterns, new and' 2d-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Bar fixtures, glassware, bottles,
everything to run saloon. Box 275. Call.
LADIES' and gents' cast-oft clothing bought &
sold. Silverman, 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth St.: tel. Jessie 141.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. iE H
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payablo
back in installments . or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tare and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
...: Second Mortgages
Interest in Estates
.... Undivided Interest in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY, 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN — OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st. .
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to. borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 3C1 Jones st., corner Eddy.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country; 6% undi-
vided ints; estates. HARPER, 397 ParroittDdg.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 366 Parrott build-
Ing; men can secure loans on personal note.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co., 321 Parrott big.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building
low rate. Home 3ldg Co.. 222 Sansome St., r.2.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St., room 1.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor St.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
1 TO salaried people without collateral or in-
doroer. S. F. Discount Agrency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. ~~~
CALL and see our stock of new Decker ft Son
pianos. In all the latest styles of walnut and
mahogany cases. They are beauties and have
the loveliest tone and most perfect touch of
any make. Cash or payments at MAUVAIS'
762 Market st.
NOW Is the time to secure a fine Packard or-
gan for the Christmas services In your church
or Sunday achool. Low prices and easy terms
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
NO matter how cheap you want to buy or how
small payments you want to make, you may
lore money by not calling on us before clos-
ing a bargain. We sell all kinds of musical
goods cheap, for cash or on payments mac.
VAIS Music Co.. 769. Market st.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co "s with
easiest payments, lowtst prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Steinway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash and
S6 per, month. We offer to sell some goo-J
?l a .1 0S /.T r .*3' J 4 d |3 I* 1 " month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers., cor-
ner Kearny ami Sutter sts.. San Francisco,
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oak-
land.
A FINE three-pedal upright; elegant case: fine
tone: must be sold at once; a snap. Room 19.
Flood building. , ,
GREAT many bargains An 2nd-hand uprights;
J email installments. " Hornung-, 216 McAllister.
___^MI7SICAL IXSTRP31ENT3. t
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 2«.
23 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
BARGAINS-Prices this week aa an ad:
Bluthner grand, cost S1000. for $375
Schuman upright, cost $300. for 9<J
Sherman & Clay, cost 1275. for «3
Steinway upright, cost *475. for 133
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
OPEN EVENING3.
SPECIAL snaps In a few slightly used pianos.
Bee us. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Far-
J. ? t-: Cnl <*erin«; agency and everything
pertaining to music; symphonlon music boxes.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Spiel-
mann and Hamilton pianos. . 308 Post st.
UPRIGHT piano in good condition, cheap; ac-
count of leaving city. 1431 Sanchez st.
SALE of Wgh-grade pianos at factory prices
this week. THE DEWING CO.. Flood bids.
N^r« MA .K* u ? riKht - J75 = Sherwood. IS3; Peek.
1100; other bargains. BRUENN. 20S Post st.
GENTLEMAN going East must sacrifice eie-
gant upright grand piano: 3 pedals. 332 Turk.
BEST rent stock In city; new pianos- 13 oer
month. SCOTT CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st
S V^?t I^ I 25 vlol'ns. zithers, old and new. H.
MILLER, makfcr. repairer. 2 Latham place.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage; dirt cheap*
installments: Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A BARGAIN: must be sold: nice uprlght~pla.no]
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hib. Bank.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over A other*. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 814 Post.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
A— MODERN store with fixtures grocery and
bar; 993 McAllister. SPECK _ CO.. 667 Mar-
ket St.
TO let — 630 Market; third (top) fioor of T room*;
rant reasonable; opposite Palace Hotel. Ap-
ply MADISON & BURKE. 629 Market 9*.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market st.-
Llght sunny offices, SIS to JjO per month, with
light, heat. Janitor and use of phon».
; oil.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ, 330 Pins street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE. '
PROVEN oil lands in th« Kern River field for
sale; no stock proposition; no wildcat scheme:
this Is sure territory in th» largest and best
known field in California. If you want to form
a company buy good land on the line of in-*
railroad. NEWTON, CARMAN & SOMES.
S. C. MASON, agent. 11 Montgomery »t.
A FORTUNE for $500— The first U. S. patent
oil land on the market in 20-acre tracts: «#nJ
for map and experts' reports and particulars.
A. L. WILLY. 918 Market St.. San Fran-
cisco; phone Black 5213.
PALMISTRY.
h7~JEROME~FOPSELLI. scientific palmist. M5
Taylor St.. bet. Oeary and Post; tel. Biack o>>1.
MME. NEERGAARD. TOO Post; UL Hyde 2332;
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment.
PATENTS A>P PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner hi*
PERSONALS.
AN elderly lady of^buslness wishes to meet
a gentleman matrimonially inclined. Inquire
early at 127 Taylor »t.
FRED MANN, magnetic healer of nervous and
other diseases, specialist In head trouble and
rheumatism; pamphlet sent free. 84S McAllis-
ter. Note— Having lately arrived I will cure
free of charge a limited number of acute
cases of rheumatism, neuralgia, sciatica an I
ary head trouble. Apply early. FRED MANN-
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 791:;
made to order; renovated: honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty: fine up-
holstery. HOPKE BROS.. MS and 120 11th »t.
FINE suit. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A— J3 W DERBY and Fedora hats. |1 73. Pnpu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pln>».
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 4* Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to II 50 per night; II 50 to $8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEDERER. the hair dresser; all the very new-
est opera hair styles, only 2Sc; switches, it
up; hair ornaments a specialty. 123 Stockton.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward; U
a week. LEON LEMO3, U17 Market st., be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. __^
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamond*,
paintings: secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant av.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
LEDERER' S Quintonlca hair tonic: beautifies;
saves from falling out: try It: 35c bottle.
MRS Dr. James positively cures -rheumatism
without drugs or medicine. 29 Eddy, rm. 30
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair ami
moles: trial free. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter.
LEDERER' S Foamo Shampoo is the best scalp
cleanser In the world. 5c package.
ASK for unequaled D. F. Black Suede Gloves;
>1 25 a pair; guaranteed. 121 Grant ave.
SCIENTIFIC massage treatment by trained
male nurse from the East. 334 O'Farrell St.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corncure; 25c; all druggists.
BUY your coal of LANGE Sc GOFF. successors
to W. H. Wiseman. 1711 Sacto.; tel.Sutter 2778.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, sliver, diamonds and precious stones
.bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color; tl; at all druggists.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
PHYSICIANS AND SUHGEOSS. ~
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence.
1021^3 Market at., between SUth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOB SALE.
RED "HOT BARGAINS.
AT— A. M. SPECK A CO.— AT
HARD TO BEAT? HARD TO BEAT!
PRICES WILL SURELY ADVANCE.
$1500.
Flats; rents well tor 125; near Second.
JS200.
Flats; always rented for $44; must sell.
$7500.
Flats; brand new; east of Van Nes«; rents |7X
SS950.
Rents SIM: 100- ft. front; near Taylor st.: no
chance like it.
flO.OCO INVESTED
Will yield J115 monthly, clear over taxes. In-
surance, etc. This is no idle talk.
$14,600.
Business property; rents 1100; wake up If you
want to get rich.
$20,000.
Ccrner; W-ft. front: viefnity Sutttr. east of
Hyde; grand hotel, offlce or rooming house s-te.
rents 1107.
$30,000. „ .
Rents $285; elegant new improvements; &>-«.
front; honest value.
44-ft. front; .vicinity 'of *Tlvoll; old ! Improve-
ments: rents $200; block from Market; wl.J
double surely in 10 years.
Grand corner; 75-ftl 'front: wlthln ,.^ loc _L " f
Market St.: old Improvements: rants J4Q0; with-
in block of Kale's; worth $100,000.
$100,000. -
U#re Is 10 _>©t cent net * oq & com*? TO-rx*
front; guaranteed -lease 5 years; building bet-
ter than the Palace Hotel or no sale.
NOTICE-No time for triflers. Cash talks la
our offlce. Try us. „»„,»(„.. ».„„,
Money to loan. < per cent. »"£l u^'"* ****»•
A. M. SPECK * CO.. M7 Marfcet St.
IF you have well-located P»f* r «L l 5 "*• "fc
¦inn oithpr vacant lots or nice residence, ana
you really wlnt to ill. then call on the under-
sTgne!? W. j TOUNX. 520 California st.
axt-b- h ., H ., „ desirable small residence In
OWNERS rf property In Potrero. la 1 large or
_.-. .11 _.iK.iivt*lor*s. who w_UQt 10 ku, can on
V? j GUNN. »? California St.. between
Montgomery and Kearny.
t- ™.i have property north of the Park and
"vo^want V ?o P rnX a quick sale call on W. J.
GUNN. «& California st. .__
HAVE you property in the Potrero or Excelsior
1 HnmMtead Tract that you want to sell? Then
ggggf XOCNX. S30 California »t
1 — j WILLEY. Room 13. 91* Market St.
N>w •-stoTy house, near finished; lot 73x100;
1 blMb from electric road; $750. or will e»-
! ihanea for chicken ranch.
I win sell you house and lot anywhere you
¦ want it: tlze and price to suit.
Or gilt-edge farm; fruit: running water.
vice lodging-house or a good mine.
Or will exchange anything you have. Jlj
Market it., phone Black 5215: hours S to 8.
' SPLENDID chance 1 for Investment; fine corner
i on Harrison and Langton sts. ; fine new J-story
1 building, with all modern improvements; com-
I t>!ete In 2 weeks. For Information apply to
j owner on premises. J. MCCARTHY.
' Bl'^H. UlS-^nlce larse residence, or could b«
I turned Into flats: very sunny: 30x137:8. Call.
. MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
} estimates furnished. Campbell. 1117 Mission.Fred L. Button and William E. Dean (trus
tees of John Murray) to Minna Leiding, 738 d.
246, lot on S line of Seventh street, 66.52 W of
Pine, W. 24:11 by S 100:3. block 38, map of lands
of Oakland Pt R R Ferry Landing, Oakland;
also lot on W line of Pine street, 100.3 S of Sev
enth, S 25 by W 80.63, portion of Block SS of
above died, Oakland (trustees' deed) ; $471.
San Francisco Mutual Loan Association to
Helnrich E. and Rosalie Ey, lot on S line of
Thirty-ninth street. 163 E of West, E 63, S
122.48. W 63, N 122.44, to beginning, being lots
12 and 13, block D, Major Given Tract. Oak
land: no.
Bernard and Margaret Sherry to Estella Ol
sen, lot on S line of East Fifteenth street. IS
E from E boundary line town of San Antonio,
E 75 by 8 150, portion Cannon Tract. East Oak
land; also the strip of land IS feet wide ad
joining and parallel with W line- of above
described is reserved for an alley way, East
Oakland; J10.
E. C. BIssell to Arabelle E. Howard, lot on
E lino of' Wheeler street, 200 N of Ashby ave
nue, N 50 by E 125. being lot 6, block A, Subur
ban Tract, Berkeley; • $10.
Julius Rlefenberg to Henry Schwiem, lot on
S lino of Cruttenden avenue, 200 E of Vlcks
burg street. E 100 by S 123, being lots 7 and 8,
block B, Judd Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Catherine McGee (executrix estate James Mc-
Gee) to Masonic Temple Association of Berke
ley, lot on W linj» of Grove street. 239 - N of
Allstoh way. N 110. W 125.77, S 110, E 128.43
to beginning; being lot 8 and a portion lots
7 and 9, block 1, McGee Tract, except E 10 feet
from lots 7. 8 and 9 conveyed to Town of Berke
ley, for widening Grove 6treet, Berkeley; $1650
Gertrude L. Jess (wife of W. N.) to Eric A
Nyrren, lot on SW line of Glen avenue. I0S3. 03
BE of Redwood road (survey No. 805) BE 50
by SW 110.25. ' being the NW» half of lot 19
Bond Tract, Brooklyn Townshfp; $10.
• Builders' Contracts.
George H. Hauerken (owner) with J. Bucher
(contractor), architects Martens & Coffer— All
work except plastering, plumbing, gas fitting
painting, electrical work, tiling, mantels gas
fixtures and ehades for a two-story frame,
building with partly finished attic on SW cor
ner of McAllister and Stelner streets." S 55 by
W 105; $11,000. , . ¦ . , .-,.
, Same owner with G. C. Sweeney (contractor),
architects same— Draining, plumbing and gas
fitting, etc.. for same on came; $1640. .
Same owner with F. Coghlan (contractor),
architects same — Lathing, plastering,, center
pieces, plaster brackets, etc., for name on
same ;\ $1240. -
, Same owner with Luetje & Kagel (contrac
tors), architects eame— Painting, urainlng. var
nishing, tinting, etc.. for same on same; $932
Henry A. Meyer (owner), with John H. Mun
eter (contractor), i architects Martens & Coffpy
—All work except draining, : plumbing, g'as fit
ting, painting and graining, mantels, gas fix
tures and shades for a three-story frame build
ing on SW corner of Waller, .and Steiner
streets. S 105 by W 55; $6700. •
Same owner with G. C. Sweeney (contractor),
architects same— Draining, . plumbing.' gas fit
ting; and tiling for sinks and bathrooms ' for
eame on same; $1015.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
I The hop crop of . , this " season is very
heavy in the Northwest. :,This. will proba
bly 4 interest lovers of the foaming -lager
beer. , -There will , be enough , hops ; for : all
the brewers In the country, and there may
beat finer : twang 1 - to ? that ¦; much 5 regarded
bitter taste in the beverage. ;
BOTEL ARBIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL. '
J Underwood, Chicago
J T Rader, Fremont
A W Cameron, N Y
T B Browne, Pa
C Brown. Pa
Mr Fowler, England
H L Turner, Wash
Mrs Turner, Wash
8 Gildermeester, N T
A Oetting, Hamburg
Max Moll, Hamburg
W Peckstone, S . Clara
W T Davis, Ross ¦ .
Mary Edwards, Niles
Lena Macauley. Niles
Miss Atkins, Alameda
H C Davis, U S N
R G Rhea, U S N
C P Braslaw, S Jose
A W Kelly. Berkeley
\V Kuckhoff. L Ang
Mrs Kuckhoff, L Ang
S M Topllta. N Y
A B Smith, Omoha
M R Mason, U S N
R J Dunlop, Scotland
Mrs Dunlop, Scotland
J H Meyer, Menlo
Mrs Meyer, Menlo
Olga Meyer, Menlo
Alice Meyer, Menlo
W Keuffel. N T
Mrs Keuffel, N Y
J W GUllspie, N T
G Alexander, B C
Mrs Alexander. B C
A B Adams, Mexico '
T J Field, Monterey
E E Williams, Detroit
A C Drescher. Sacto
Mrs Drescher, . Sacto '
Miss Drescher, Sacto
Miss Twltehell, Sacto
Miss B Twitchell. Sac
J J Dooley. NY
B Ray, Merced
Dr/ Grossman, Honolu
J R Hull, Manitoba
H Sheldon, England
W L Evans, N Y
J H Darby, London
A B Sleigh. London
H Merrlweather, Austl
Mrs Merrlweather, Ast
F A Ellis, England
F G Ellis, England
E Campbell. 8 Josa
G O May, N Y
B F Ripley, N Y
R M Collins, London
M Hauslamb, Paris
B Becker, Germany
S G Weaton. Nevada
R L Rose Jr, Oxnard
Estelle Curtis Nebr
Mrs Curtis, Nebr
Baron BiltzlngslOwer,
Berlin
L Dyer, Oxford
Mrs E B'McKee, Pa
J Campbell, Omaha
W H Baldwin, U S A
Mrs Baldwin. USA
G W Luce, L Ang
W Wiley, Palo Alto
M Welsh. L Ang
W Pownlng, Belvedero
B Cartwrlght Jr, Honl
J F Willis. Salt Lake
W N Benedict, N Y
G S Adams, N Y
L Thompson. N Y
J O Lamb. NY '
F S Macomber, N T
W Martin, N T
J Beach, NT
F R Packham, N T
Dan Levy, N T
Florence Clark. Mex-
J Honeyman, Portland
Mrs Honeyman, Portld
D Honeyman. Portland
B Blum, N Y
R Franks, NT
GRAND HOTEL.
B Everson. Cal
R A Brownlee. Vallejo
E T Gelst. Jollet
E N Gelst. S Mateo
J Bouperrla, Cal
F Stout. X:al
n S Smith, Berkeley
L S Goodrich, Berkley
T J Zeigler, Berkeley
B C Jakway, Berkeley
D P Stubbs, Reno
P'O'Rourke, Pleasantn
J.J O'Brien, Cal
H Hus, Berkeley
L w Fosa & w, Cal
J R Carroll. S Jose
C James, Cal
N Lute, Mexico
TV Doub, Bkersfleld
E E Woows, Angels
W D Tlllotson. Cal '
A Leiter. Shasta
W B Allen. Portland
G W Boardman, Cal
E E Beck & w, NY
J F Spauldlng & w, Cal
B Phlillr>s, L Ang
M F McLaurin, L Ang
J B Muilay. Portland
J R'Cormack. NY
C G Bartlett & w.Cal
J S Craig. Woodland
Dr C W KellogK. Cal
A Anderson, Sulsun
>Irs C A Rader, L Ang
J E O'Brien, Cal .
J O Owen/ China
L Harris & w. L Ang
F Elliott. Cal
C Beckroe & w. Ohio
W Bollons & w, Orgon
F W Johnson. Cal
B F Joline & w, N Y
H*G Allen. Seattl»
Miss J Cavanagh. Cal
T H Hubbard, S Jose
Mrs A A Cunningham,
Tiffin, Ohio
A A Montague, Manila
E W Marsey, Cal
W .- J - Stevens, L nr
Mrs L D Alien. Honolu
Miss Gifflny, Auckland
O Y Woodward, Cal
J H Lewia, Bait Lake
C E Seymour, Cal
E H Smith, Manila
C W Fry. USA
J K Stockard, USA
A P Fltzslmmons.'USA
L A Boskin & w. 8 Jos
H Bryant, Fulton
H Boyle, S Rafael
F J Bloat & w, Ontario
II M Sloat, Ontario
L M Hancock & fazn.
Nevada ' . -
W E Judd & w, Dalton
E H Clarke. Boston
F L Carter, Mississippi
G Pock. Stockton
J W Bailey, Helena
R R Denny, Cal
J Ratto, NY
J F Clapp, Chicago
1 J • Sallnsky. Keswlck
NEW. .WESTERN HOTEL.
J Chlnnle. Stockton
C B Flnberg. Egypt
8 de Coloma, Manila
B Stein, Fresno . ¦. - -
H V Bauer, Cincinnati
W B Chapman & w. 111
J T Stenson, Sydney .
T J Nfialy. Sydney
M M Morrloon. Auckld
T P Shea. I WelllnKton
R D W Roberts, Glas
• gOW ¦•'¦ ;¦ ¦ . ¦ v
J Butterworth, N Zeald
L MaiBre," Sydney •
C M Perkins. Manila
C Englehart,- Manila
S - Pope, s Oklahoma
. Mr Cooper &.w, Okla
D II Kasterbrook. Or
W Maloney, Portland
J P Atkinson.' Sil City
A W Maclay, D Moines
IC W Armstrong, i Iowa
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
• OCEAN STEAMERS.
GLASGOW— Balled Nov 16— Stmr Calltornlan,
for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Nov 18— Stmr Cymric,
for New York.
LONDON— Sailed Nov 1&-Stmx Mesaba. for
New York.
MOVILLB— Sailed Nor IS— Stmr Astoria, for
New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nor 18— Stmr Prinz
Regent Leopold, for Bremen; stmr Cuflc. for
Liverpool.
BROWHEAD— Passed Nov 18— Stmr Etrurla,
from New York, for Queenatown and Liver
poo!.
KOBE— Sailed Nor 1&-Stmr Glenshell. for
Pucet Sound ports.
QLEENSTOWN— Arrived Nor 17. 1:19 a m—
Stmr Etrurla. from New York, for Liverpool,
and proceeded. *n^
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
The attendance at last night's meeting
of the Gaelic School In Hlbernia Hall waa
marked by great enthusiasm, the mem
bers concluding: final arrangements for
their coming literary entertainment and
ball at Union Square Hall on the evening
of Tuesday, November 20. Some of the
leading amateurs and professional vocal
ists of the city are announced to render
selections in Gaelic and English for the
occasion. Colonel Thomas F. narry will
deliver an address; Jeremiah Deasy will
render a selection from Moore's Melodies
in the mother tongue, and Mr. Lawless,
the famous Irish barytone singer, is also
down on the programme for several num
bers. The proceeds of the entertainment
will go to maintain the Gaelic School, n
free Institution, and to organize auxiliary
branches throughout the State.
Gaelic Language and Song.
100 Kllauea S Co * 20 87},
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 75
50 S F Gaa & Electric Co 60 50
15 Oceanic S S Co 99 00
100 Vigorit •. * 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
$6000 Oceanic S 8 Co 5s.... HI 00
$4000 S P of Arizona 6s 113 25
.150 Paauhau S Co 31 00
10 Spring Valley Water 94 00
10 Cal Fruit Cons 104 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
400 Home Oil 4 50
250 Independence 22
2U0 Kern Oil Co 9 00
20 Oil City Petroleum 35 00
2000 Petroleum Center.............. 10
2500 Reed Crude Oil Co.. B0
100 Twenty-eight 3 47»4
375 Yukon •• ••••• 57
•: - . .
8M0 Petroleum Center 09
fcO Petroleum Center '. 10
Afternoon Session.
Board — : /
1300 California-Standard *5
, 400 Four OiKCo.... 41
10 Oil City Tetroleum 8a 00
2500 Petroleum Center 10
1000 Petroleum Center 11
500 Reed Crude Oil Co....... 60
600 Reed Crude Oil Co. b 60.. 81
100 Sterling O & D Co 2 25
20 Sterling O & D Co 2 40
150 Twenty-eight 2 45
600 Twenty-eight, b 30 z 4»
60 Twenty-eight * 47%
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the Bales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Belcher 20 400 Mexican 24
100 Best & Belcher 20 60 Mexican 23
100 Caledonia ....... SS 300 Overman 08
20 Con Cal & Va..l 15 100 Savage 14
100 Con Cal & Va..l 20 '500 Sierra Nevada. 38
200 Crown Point... 09 100 Silver Hill...... 45
id Gould & Curry.. 92 400 Yellow Jacket.. 23
100 Hale & Nor.... 26
Afternoon Session.
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
400 Best & Belcher 21| 300 Potosl 10
100 Caledonia 40i 100 Sierra Nevada. 40
600 Challenge ... Hi 6C0 Sierra Nevada. 39
1C0 Con Cal & Va..l 20j 50 Silver Hill 49
600 Gould & Curry.l 00; 500 Silver Hill 50
400 Mexican ....... Ml 200 Union Con 15
60 Ophlr 78 200 Utah '08
600 Overman 08 300 Yellow Jacket.. 24
Morning Session.
200 Ophir ........... 78
200 Savage 13
750 Sierra Nevada. 38
350 Sierra Nevada. 33
200 Belcher — 10
200 C C & Va 1 SO
300 C C & Va....l 17%
800 Crown Point... 10
200 Hale & Nor 28
Afternoon Session.
SCO Best & Belcher 21 50 Ophlr ............ 79
500 C C & V&....1 22H 200 Ophir go
600 C C t Va ..125 200 Savage 15
100 Gould & Curry. 88 100 Sierra Nevada. 38
300 Gould & Curry. 99, 300 Sierra Nevada. 40
100 Gould & Curry.l 00! 100 Sierra Nevada. 33
200 Gould ic Curry.l 05 200 Silver Hill 49
100 Ophir 78
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Nov. 16-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | . .'Bid. Auk.
Alpha ....02 03 Justice 02 04
Alta 01 02 Kentuck .......'¦ — 04
Andes ...... 04 05 I^ady Wash — 03
Belcher ......... 20 21: Mexican ....... 2S tl
R-st & Belcher 21 " 22 i Occidental ..... C6 CS
Bullion 03 04!Ophir ....... v ..;. 79 SO
Caledonia ....'.. 33 41 Overman 08 09
Challenge Con. 14 15 Potosl 09 10
Chollar .;.....:. 10 11 Savage 14 i»
Confldcnce ..... 58 61 Scorpion .......:— 04
Con Cal & Va..l 20 1 25iS>g Belcher 03 05
Con Imperial..". - — Oil Sierra Nevada. 39 • 40
Con New York. : 01 — Silver Hill...'..." 1 49 51
Eureka Con..... — 55 St Louis........ n —
Crown Point... 08 10 Standard .......8 20 —
Exchequer :....— 02 Syndicate ..;...: 07 —
Gould & Curry.l 00 1 05 Union Con...... "." 14 1«
Hale & Nor...: 26 IS Utah ........ 07 09
Julia ...........— 03 Yellow Jacket.. 23 21
Harold and his wife, accompanied by H.
W. Wills and Mrs. Henrietta Krellng.
went to the concert hall on the night of
October 9. The women were talking while
one of the artists was singing, and were
asked to keep quiet. This request was re
sented by Harold, and after taking the
women to the Baldwin annex he and Wil
lis returned to the hall. Harold had a re
volver and he demanded satisfaction for
the alleged insult to his wife and lady
friend. During the altercation he shot
Haughen in th-3 left breast.
When the case was called yesterday aft
ernoon ex-Judge Ferral for the defendant
eald he was ready to proceed, but Assist
ant District Attorney Whiting said he
would be compelled t» ask for a continu
ance, as the complaining witness, Haugh
en, was not present and the police had
been unable to find him. He asked for a
continuance, and the Judge put the case
over one -week. He Issued an attachment
for Haughen and made an order that no
bail should be acceptM for his release if
arrested. x
Haughen's peculiar conduct is a mystery.
He Informed Fischer three dayB ago thai
he would prosecute the case and would
be In court yesterday. Detective Dinan
went to Haughen's sister's house in Berke
ley, where he lived, Thursday, and she
told him that she had not seen her brother
for two days and did not know where he
was. Every effort* will be made by the
police to find him, as there Is only one
theory as to the cause of his disappear
ance.
Since Harold's arrest on the charge of
assault to murder several continuances of
the case have been granted by Judge Fritz
because Haughen was unable to appear
owing to his wound. A week ago when the
case was called Haughen was in court
and seemed anxious to proceed, but for
some . reason another continuance waa
granted until yesterday.
Brown Haughen, special officer in Fisch
er's concert hall, who was shot by Steuart
Harold/ alias Upshur. son-in-law of
"Lucky" Baldwin, on the night of Octo
ber 9, has mysteriously disappeared, j
Judge Fritz .Issues an Attachment for
Missing Han and Efforts Will
Be Made to Locate
Him.
Special Officer Haughen,
Whom He Shot, Has
Disappeared.
HAROLD MAY NOT
BE PROSECUTED
FOR HIS CRIME
to the heart of any man, the British ship
Sprlngbank finally docked at Union street
wharf yesterday. Sh© is 'down in the head
and leaking two inches an hour, but Cap
tain Boyd hopes to get her into a dry
dock In a day or bo. When It comes to
an overhauling, the underwriters expect
to find that almost the entire outside shell
of the ship below the water Una has been
torn away. ' :f./i
The Sprlngbank" went from Java to
Newcastle, N. S. W. After leaving Sura
baya the entire crew was taken down
with the "Java" fever and Captain Boyd
had a lively time.
After reaching Australia am. discharg
ing her cargo, the Springbank loaded for
San Francisco. When only a few days
out she ran into a hurricane off the coast
of Maitland and for twenty-four hours
was on her beam. ends. Next sne piled up
on Uslansky Island. Her bow was stove
In and nothing but her forward water
tight compartment saved her. . She was
kedged from one reef to another and on
every one of them left' a portion of her
hull. After losing the kedge anchor,
stream, anchor and '"best bower." she
was finally got into deep water. Then
the crew struck and refused to make sail.
Captain Boyd and his oflicers were equal
to the occasion, however, and the Spring
bank made port.
"The island of ' Lislansky is twenty
three miles out of place on the map,"
said Chief Officer James A. Brodie yester
day. "According to the chart it is in 25
dog. 55 mln. north latitude and 174 deg. 7
min. east longitude. We made halt a
dozen observations and each one showed
that Lislansky Island is in 26 deg. 3 mln.
north latitude and 173 deg. 43 mln. east
longitude. After the hamcane we had to
go along like a duck with a broken wing
and would have done tirst-rate had not
that mistake in the chart piled us up on
that coral reef.
"That was the toushest place I ever
struck. Captain Boyd sent me ashore
with a boatload of provisions in order to
; have something to eat If the ship should
slip off the rock and go down. We found
six Japanese there and every one of them
was as naked as the day he was born.
They were catching tea-fowl for their
feathers and bones. '¦
"In all ray life I never saw a place so
crowded with sea-fowl. Why, you could
not move without stepping on one and
they would not get out-of your way. The
Japanese sit down In the midst of them
and pluck them alive. The plucked birds
are then thrown into a. heap to die. You
can imagine what the stench was like.
"There'are two large storehouses and a
couple of huts on the Island. In one of
the storehouses the feathers are kept and
in tho other the bones. The latter are
garnered after the birds have decomposed.
Day by day, week by week, month in and
month out the six Japanese sit and plucK
the feathers from live sea birds and then
throw the living bird aside with as little
compunction as you would have in shoo
ing a 6tray cur away from a full dinner
pall.
"The traders who control the island
send a boat once every six months from
Yokohama and the poor, unfortunate
devils who have been picking live birds
for half a year are taken home. Th^y
live on rice and sea turtle. The latter
was out of season when we were there,
but the Japanese sent us some of the
salted stuff. We could smell it before
the boat came alongside and we dumped
it overboard as soon as we got under
way.
"Preserve me from another encounter
with LJslansky Island. Once clear of the
reefs, the crew insisted on deserting an-i
taking up their quarters with the Jap
anese. The captain persuaded them how
ever, and we finally reached San Fran
cisco. -Not a man would live forward,
however, and during the entire run they
bunked under the break of the poop.
There was twenty feet of water In the
fore peak and the foremast was wobbly.
That was what scared the men."
"• T
After a voyage that would drive terror
Feathers and Bones Are in Demand
in the Yokohama Market
and Bring a High
JiIlCCi
Japanese Pluck Live Birds
and Leave Them to Lin
gering Death. '
CRUEL PRACTICE
OF COOLIES ON
LISIANSKY ISLE
The gamblers received the news of the
new order of affairs ¦with much dissatis
faction, but realizing that their inter
ests are at stake some of them have re
luctantly made arrangements to comply.
Chief Sullivan aaya that visitors to
Chinatown have apparently become im
pressed with the Idea that nothing but
gambling houses exist within its bounda
ries. This impression Is gained because
of the numerous lights that adorn the
buildings, and the gaudy and fantastic
iltrures that have been painted on the
walls. - "*:*'.
By strictly enforcing these restrictions
Chief Sullivan hopes to put many of the
gambling dens out of existence. As the
space in the buildings above the ground
floor Is at present chiefly occupied by
lodging-houses it will bo difficult to find
space to accommodate sixty clubs and
even should they be located It is believed
they will not be so well patronized as
the ground floor quarters.
Not only will the gambling quarters be
moved skyward, but the elaborate display
of electric lights and gorgeous paintings
which adorn the clubs will be abolished,
feacft club will be permitted the use of
but one outside light and that at Its en
trance.
Chief of Police Sullivan Is taking a de
termined stand against the Chinese gam
blers. He Issued orders recently for a re
form In the Chinese quarter which will be
sweeping In its effects, and. the Chief hopea.
will ultimately grush the gaming traffic.
Each Chinese gambling-house proprietor
has received notice that he must move his
club above the ground floor of the build
ing It now occupies." There are sixty of
the clubs In existence at present and sixty
days Is given as a time limit In which the
new order must be complied with.
Gaming Apartments Must Be Above
the First Floor and All Elaborate
Electrical Displays Must
Be Abolished.
Extensive Changes Will Be
Made in Chinatown
by Police.
GAMBLING CLUBS
TO BE MOVED BY
CHIEF SULLIVAN
THE SAN .. FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1900.
13
STADLES TO LET.
STABLE and loft: 84 Heron: rent very cheap.
MADISON & BURKE.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission et. ;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., 6torate and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South <62.
PACIFIC Storage' and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. ISM Fillmore Et. ; phone Jackson 281-
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for $L
TYPEWHITERJ AXD i SUPPLIES.
GREATliAItGAINS IN TTPETVRITERS— We
Mil better machines for less money than any
hcus» in the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters: any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montromery st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 yet year.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDENE~NOTICE— Dividend No. 15 (twenty-
flve cents per share) of the Kllauea Sugar
Plantation Company, will be payable at the
offlee of the company. 327 Market St., on and
after Tuesday, November 20. 1900. Transfer
books closed Thursday, November 15, 1900, at
S o'clock r. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Nctlce — Dividend No. 85 (25 cents
perlehare) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Comcany will be payable at the office
cf the company. No. 827 Market St., on and
after Tuesday, November M, 1900. Transfer
books will close on "Wednesday, November 14,
1900, at 3 o'clock r>. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
Stephen E. Graggs, 24, 409 Minna street, and
Bessie A. Davis. 13. 618 Bush Etreet.
Robert T. Winston. 21. Lick House, and Mary
Dowllni:. 18. 413 Oak etreet.
Hermann P. Ganzert. »0, 60S Castro street,
and Mary Meehan, 27. 1S53 Fifteenth street.
Edmund Rh<?in, 26, 119 Third street, and Mar-
garet Connolly, Zi, 1 Webster place.
Francesco Teresi, 27. 1403 Mason street, and
Mar'a Mattlar.a. 22. 1S13 Mason street.
Tee Tuk Lum. 22, 613 Jackson street, and Ho
Chu Shim. 21. 613 Jackson street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be lnserte.1 They must be handed
In at Mther of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name ani residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN. '¦'". ¦¦-"•¦-
PLESS-In this city. November 15, 1300. to the
wife cf Dr. F. G. Pless. a daughter.
~~~ DIED. — — -
Ahlers. Johanah M. H&raszthy, Arpad
Barnum. William Harvey, William
Boyl«, Man* Haslehurst. Helen E.
Brunner. Albert Hewitt. John J.
Carroll. John M. Heyfron. Ellen
Caswell. Thomas H Horton. Minnie E.
Collins. Florence Lawler. Thomas H.
Conroy, John J. McKenna. James A.
Demartlni. Lovell Martin, John K.
Donovan. Timothy Papenhausen. Sophia
Duncan. Squirfc Schmltt. Babette
Dunn. William Selovweky, Uuotave
Ebeloe. Martin Skehen. James
Emerson. Alice Smith. Joseph G.
Fava, Ameiieo Von Hadeln, Hen-
Gorman. Edward rletta
AHLERS— In this city. November 15, 1300, Jo-
hanah M., beloved wife of George Ahlers,
mother of Estcte. George and Ireine Ahlers.
and daughter of William H. Smith, a native
of Boston. Mass., aged 40 years 10 months
and 8 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from St. John'e
Episcopal Church, Fifteenth street, near Va-
lencia. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BARNUM— In the City and County Hospital,
November 16, WOO. William Barnum, a na-
tive of Canada, aced 61 years.
BOYLE— In this city. November 18. 1900, Mary
Boyle, a native of England, aged 6S years.
BRINNER — In Oakland. November 15. 1900,
Albert Brunner, beloved husband of Fran-
coise Brunner, father of Amrelique and Leon
Brunner. and brother-in-law of Mr. and Mrs.
Martin Kupfer. Mr. and Mrs. Philip Gulllium.
Mr and Mrs. Eugene Madden and Victor
Etlenne. a native of Rlschelm, Alsace, aged
83 vears 9 months and 23 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue, thence
to Red Men's Hall. 610 Bush street, where
services will be held under the auspices of
Gr.lden "Gate Stamm No. 74, U. O. R. M.,
commradns at 1:20 o'clock. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery-
CARROLL— In this city, November 15, 1900.
John M., beloved husband of Mamie Carroll,
and Boa of the late Patrick and Bridget Car-
roll, a native of San Francisco, aged 26 years.
CTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), at
8:*0 o'clock, from his late residence. 3S53
Twentieth street, between Dolores and
Church, thence to St. James Church, where a
requiem high macs will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery,
i CASWELL— In this city, November 13, 1900,
Thomas Hubbard, husband of Mary Caswell,
ani father of Mrs. C. A. Stuart, Robert L.
and Marian F. Caswell and Mrs. J. E. Pack-
ard, a native of Exeter. Otsego County. Ne*»
York, aged 75 years 3 months and 3 days.
E7The body will lie In. state In King Solo-
mon's Hall. Masonic Temple, from 1 o'clock
to-day (Saturday), until the procession moves,
at 1:30 o'clock, to-morrow (Sunday). The fu
neral services will be held at the First Con-
gregational Church, corner Post and Mason
streets, at 2 o'clock,
ATTENTION. Masonic Veterans! The officers
and members, active and honorary, of the
Masonic Veteran. Association of the Pacific
Coast, are hereby notified to assemble at the
Masonic Temple, Post and Montgomery
streets, to-morrdw (Sunday), at 12 o'clock,
'. to unite with California Lodge No. 1, F. and
. A. M., and other Masonic bodies In paying
our last fraternal tribute to our distinguished
deceased brother, Thomas Hubbard Caswell,
. ZZ\ an honorary member cf this Masonic Vet-
eran Association. All members will wear
thtir badges, even if they assemble with
! other Masonic bodies. By order of
HENRY FAIRFAX WILLIAMS,
Most Venerable Grand President.
; EDWIN ALLEN SHERMAN. S3 9 .
Klght Venerable Grand Secretary.
COLLINS— In this city. November 15. 1500,
Florence, beloved daughter of John and Ellen
1 Ccllins, and sister of Josephine, James Wil-
liam. John. Mary. Joseph, George and Ber-
trum Collins, a native of San Francisco, aged
6 months and 23 days.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
1 (Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parenU'
residence. 264 Dore street, between Harrison
and Bryant. Ninth and Tenth. Interment
I Holy Cross Cemetery.
CONROY— In this city. November 15. 1900,
John J.. beloved son of James and Mary Con-
roy and dearly beloved brother of Mamie
Conroy. a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years 2 months and 9 days. (Portland, Or.,
and Boston. Mass., papers please copy.)
irs-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
: (Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the restdenca
of the parents. 62$% Natoma street. Inter-
', ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DFMAltTINI— In this city, Npvember 14, 1900.
Lovell dearly beloved son of John and Minnie
Demartinl, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year and 9 months. -"• . '
r-yThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 1M3 Fillmore street, near O'Far-
rell Interment New Italian Cemetery,
DONOVAN— In this city. November 15, 1900.
Timothy Donovan, beloved son of Timothy
Donovan, and deariy beloved brother of Jo-
*eDh Eugene, Paul and Jerome Donovan,
Mrs ' Annie C Eldrldge and Mrs. Frances A.
Burnham, a native of Ellzabethport, N. J..
atred S» years and 8 days.
! ijTTriend* and acquaintance* are respect-
fuily invited to attend the funeral this day
> (Saturday), at S:30 o'clock, from St. Mary's
• • Hospital, thence to the Chapel of the Pas-
sion attached to St. Mary's Hospital, where
1 a solemn requiem mass wilt be celebrated
» for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'cl*ck. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
; DUNCAN— In this city. November 1«, 1900.
Sauire Duncan, dearly beloved father of Mrs.
Alice Hucklns, Mrs. Pearl Clarke and Frank
and Louis A. Duncan, a native of Misaouri,
aped e« years 6 months and 2S days. • . .
• inrRemalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Notice cf funeral hereafter,
; Dl'NN— In this city. November 14, 1900. Wil-
. liam Dunn, beloved son of the late John and
Margaret Dunn, and brother of Lawrence,
Cornelius C. Henry L. and Michael Dunn, a
native of England, aged 61 years and 11
J months.
JET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to .attend the funeral to-morrow
" (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Veteran Vol-
unteer Firemen's Association's Hall. 24
• Fourth strt-et. near Market. Interment Mount
| Calvary Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
. HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
to Flannacan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. 'Mgr.
- FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMWALMERS.
: 20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln bcbooL
!• . Telephone South 60.
; UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. TeL South 187.
• f CNEEAL OIBECTOBS AMD EHBALMEB3.
1 Finest Equ" nent at Moderate Rates.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sale
CITY property and farms eold or exchanged- I
printed lists. M. GRIFFIN. 719 MarStTf?!.'
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE. =
WANTED— To exchange Saa Dieso r n mn.ii» i
Reach or Oakland Property for, ,h?rV, C fn°M^
arrh. Tlest Shore. Occidental or HTlnir Phillo '
OakSnd 8 " AdarMS 2^. cS offlce! '
NEW cottace. C rm»., bath; lot £0x100: Mission: ' :
rental terms: and vacant lota, m kyarny st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦
ALAMEDA nEAL ESTATE. ,
IW0-PNAP; Qottare of C rooms, finished m ele-
par.t curly redwood : lot 49x120; closTto eta-
build. A. G. BLRNS. U01 Park Bt.. Alameda. •
r^ HA H" c ."? : flne Mvr *-™> m h0U8 «: ail
a 4 T": Sr *KIa*« location; lot 60x119: palm
Park .t treeS " J> H - Y0i:iia - Owner. 1143
Jisno will buy cottage 4 rooms and basement;
2 il *4? n: t l 5 Ox20J: etre " work slde-
- i ¦¦J^?-v-i sh ' I2S vtT month; look at thlh. !
11. fOt.NQ. i;«j Park «t.
BERKELEY. ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY ItEAt. ESTATE.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT-Saa Pablo are.. J
miles ncrth of Berkeley: J150 to J2M per acre;
lots JCO to flM each: %l a month: call for
map*. G. W. HAIGHT. 401 California ft- S . F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE — 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND nEAL ESTATE.
CHEAPEST and beet In America— Th« Weekly
c »ll. iS paces, pent to anr address in tb«
Vnlt^d States or Canada one year for tV
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. G«t llet frcm GEO. W. AUS-
TIN & CO.. !O0« Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to yea from H. Schellhaaa, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A FRONT euite of housekeeping rooms: also
otberm. SI SO* up to $5 per week. 215 Kearny
«t.. MRS. E. M. TOBIN.
CALIFORNIA, TIL block - and a half from
Kearny— Clean sunny double und single, euit-
able for light housekeeping; tl a week to ».
CHESTNUT. 193 — Furnished rooms to rent,
housekeeping'; quiet neighborhood; flne view;
rood house; cheap.
IXLIS. £21. near Lerkin— Newly furnished
suite of 2 sunny rooms. J1S ft
GOLDEN GATE are.. C2— Apartment of 3
roorr.«: tunny, rur.nlnjr. water, gas stove; re&s.
HOWARD, IK*— Front bay-window room,
kitchen connecting, complete for housekeep-
ing; private.
JUMPER. 2, c3 Folsom, bet. 10th and 11th— 2
ur.furr,ishpd housekeeping- rooms and bath;
rer.t SS.
MARKET, lcrs— Nice clean room; double bed;
rent 15: rinir bell, second floor.
MARTHA place, 4, oft Geary, bet. Mason and
Taylor— 2 sunny furnished rooms; gas range.
MCALLISTER, 628 — Sunny furrflshed rooms
complete for housekeeping; sink, range, bath,
laundry; 2. $15; 3. $33.
MISSION. 1604— Front sunny bay-window room;
light housekeeping privileges.
OAK, 119 — Large sunny room furnished for
houspker-ping; large closet: enameled bed; $S.
NOE, 153, north of Market— 3 sur.ny bay-win-
dow rooms; gas stove, grate; bath; $14.
FILVER. 163. near Fourth — 2 or 3 rooms fur-
nlehed for housekeeping; cheap.
THIRTEENTH^ ZZ», near Valencia-Large
housekeeping room; water; etove; separate
entrance.
TURK. £13— Two eunny furnished rooms for
housekeeper.*": HO per month.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
Fubscripticns has been established at 1096
Valencia Et.
ROO.MS TO LET — Furn. and Infnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House.' 118 Sixth— Rooms 25c
to tl per night ; $1 25 to $5 p«r week, and light
ho use keeping; open all night.
BURNETT. h:s Market (old Xo. 1S64)— Fur-
dshed rea., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, £20 <The Elk)— Changed bands; newly
renovated, nicely furn. eunny rms., Jl 50 to f"
week; Sic to SI 50 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
CLARA. K1A— Large sunny front room. $1 25
ftr week.
CLAV, 1026—3 large unfurnished rooms in
good order, for housekeeping, IS.
ELLIS, 120— Tidy, neatly furn. rooms for gen-
tlemen only; desirable house, neighborhood.
FELL, 2T0— Large sunny front room, SS.
FIFTH. 1C7 — Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
FOLPOM, 9C5, ccr. €th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nished funny rms., single, suites; reasonable.
FOLSOM. 112« — 4 large sunny rooms, with bath.
CHART, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunr.y rooms, en suite or
tinirle: latfies* parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOWARD, 10Cr-i-N!ct-ly furnished front bay-
tvlndow roorr.s; also others.
LAS I'ALMAS, 1S20 Market Ft.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.: private; bath; sin. rms; board optional.
McCLHLLAND. 200 Turk St.— Changed hands;
riPVSy renovated ; all rooms facing either
Turk or Jon*s Ft. : rent reasonable.
MINNA. 62^-3 newly furnished rooms, 1 large
btfrWtotow; man and wife; I others; reas'ab.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
f - jrri!Kh*-d rooms, %2 a week up; 25c a day up.
OTA VI A. 1403, cor. Geary— Large furnished
bay-window: mantel: eun all day; J1L
O'FARREI.I.. 3D— Punny furnished rooms and
offi<*'f=; elevator; el"ctric lights; day, wk., mo.
O'FARRKLL. 604— Front ruite; also sunny eia-
8;!e rooms; running water; closet*; $S up.
POST. 631— To .rent. B ma!l furnished front room;
neither drink nor smoke in the house; Prot-
egtant Christian preferred; %* per month.
liOYAL Bouse. I2fi EHis st.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per r.iarht, ?.:>c to $1 &C; week, S2 to
$S; month, ts to $30; elevator on ground floor;
roorr.s with hot end cold water; baths.
IlOSCDALn House. SIS and 221 Eills St.— Rooms,
n'.pht Zic to ?1, w**k f 1 £5 to $4; open night.
EilERMAN Apartment House, 3 Eighth st.,
n<:ar Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SILVER. 127B. nfar Third and Harrison— Fur-
sishc-d rcr>ms with gas and bath; reasonable.
BXXTH, 13C— FurnUhed room, «uitable for gen-
ii err.an.
TURK. 126— Fumishod room suitable for gen-
tl»man: *5 per month.
P«*BSnrUSU advertisements and Rubscrlptions
rwctlved at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
tiihr- riptlor.s has been established at 1036
Valencia ft.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
LARRE tunny room, with flrst-clajss board
for Bectlf>man antl wife or 2 rentlerr.en; phone-
bath; references required. 1716 Pacific ave '
near Van Ncr«. '*
TAC1FIC ave., ITie, near Vari Ness-Table
board, without room.
BOARD and roomj at 415 First St.. near Har-
ricon.* •.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ~
PILES-^rETER FREILING S pile salve " fTper
lox; warranted to cure an cases of bl'eedin-'
itching, external, internal or protrudinc
pile* without fail, no master of how long
standing. 1G3 Derisadero St., near Butter.
BAD tenants ejected for t%; collrctlorfemade'
<rUf or country. PACIFIC COLLECTrON CO '
415 Montgomery st,, rooms 9-10; tel, KSO. '
RfXtlSS papered from J2 £0; whitened, fl up;
painting done. Hirtman Paint Co.. 21$ Third.
SEAVIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairing lowest rates; open even, i'ji Fourth.
DOL'GHT, eold, rented, repaired: needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 143 Cth; pbone Mint »5.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
t>-ed. Charlen PL- m beck. 1315 Mission, nr. ILth.
SLOT MACHINES.
BOUGHT and sold; new and second-hand; targe
display; very cheap. 11C7 Market.bet. Tth & Sib.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
fcfc. wharf, San FrancUco:
qrl^. For Alaskan I'ons— 11 a. m..
k^ISBv Nov - 17> k - 27> Dec - *¦ Cnan * e
WEjsgy3M^ to company's steamers at Se-
Ej5k*^S >SS"9 For Victoria, Var.eouv-r (B.
Fflit^Kw^^B' c ->- Port Townsend. Se3.ttl«.
/^MmH Tacorna. E-verett. Anacortes
U- and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. Kov. 17. 22. 27. Dec. 2
and every fifth day thereafter. Change at Se-
attle for this company's twamwi for Alaska
and O. >«. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to X. I\
Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. ,
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— J p. m., Nov.
19, 24, 29. Dec 4. and every fifth day there-
after.
for San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
gelts)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. r.i.;
steamer ganta Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Santa Crui, Monterey. San Simeon, Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavtota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m. ; steamer
Bor.ita. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Knsenada, Magdalena. Bay. San Jove <V1
Cabo. Mazatlan. "Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia |
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. rn.. Tth each month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
'il'cKKf OFFIC&U New MontKom-ry
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. G«n. Afftatf.
10 Market it.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 o. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. '
SS. NIPPON MARU
Thursday, December 6, 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. December 29. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company'i office,
421 Market street, corner of First.
AV. H. AVERT. General Agent.
THE 0. R. & R. GO,
DISPATCH FA8T STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Sptar-ttreet Wharf at 10 a. ra.
CADC £12 First Clas* Including Berth
lAnC $8 Second Clas* and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails ., Nov 24. Dec 4
GEO. W. ELDER sails Nov. 19. 23
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points . In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
¦fu ',..* 630 Market st.
AMERICAN LINE.
RZW TORK. B0UTHAXFT0S. L09S05. PiiUS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New Tork Nov. 21 New Tork Dec. 12
Bt. Paul Nov. 28 St. Paul Dec. 19
Bt. Louis ..Dec '5 St. Louis Dec\ 28
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
"We6ternland Nov 21 Friesland Deo 1]
Kensington ....Nov. 2S Southwark Dec 19
Noordland Dec 6 Westernland ...Dec. 28
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
SO Montgomery st. Or any of Its agents.
oceanics.s.co. skksk
SS. MARIPOSA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
,...;v. Wednesday, November Zl. 9 p. m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
..Monday. December 3, 2 p. rn.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Tuesday, December 4 % 4 p. m.
J. D. SPREKEIS k BEOS. CO.. Agtj.JicUt Mice. 643 BarkttSt
Freight CCica, 327 Market St., Pier Id. 7. Pacifc St
COMPAGNIE QZKESALE TBANSATLANTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thur^lay, insteail of «^iIjQ5
Saturday, from November 2, 1SD3. at *•>«¦*» •
10 a m.. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
"Morton street. First-class to Havre. *55 and
uoward. Second-class to Havre. $42 50 and up- '
£ -art. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STVTES and CANADA, 32 Broadway <Hud*on
bui'ldlng). New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO..
Pacific Coast Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue.
Pan Francisco. |
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. -S. KAYY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello,"
MON Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a m 315. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p m Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARC : Me
jT Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ftMl"^Hmln I»O*«or thetnntmeatot Private
Mils. £93 Pbensea, Lost Manhood Debility or |
ffi^K'tSttidlgeaapv'eartnzoiibodyandrninaand !
' Sltin DJKmati*. Tht doctorcureswhe n I
JmSEWSEv others falL Try him ChHrger iow
SlflfiutSMai Corfi lanrnntrr 1. C&llorwrita
I or. J. K WIBBOK. Box l»S?.San Vrasdacv
BAILBOAD TBAVEL^
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY.
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry:
WEEK DAYS 9:15 a. m.; 1:43 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS.... ..8:00. 10:00, 11:30 and 1:15 p. m,
. Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return.
$1 40. ...
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices, 621 Market st.. Sausallto Ferry.
RAILBOAD TBAVEL.
(r*ci»io imix.)
Trains lent* t»it«l nr* «4m* (• itrrlv* *•
MAX riUSCItdl.
(Vain Line. Foot of Market Street)
U>TI — FaOU XOTKMEEB 7. 1300. — -»RRIT3
•7:00a Benlda. Stuaun, Elnira. Vica^iHe,
Ramsey and Sacramento *7il3r
•TiOOa Shut* Express— D»»U. Williams (fot
Burtlttt Springs). Willows. Iiei •
Bluff, ForiUud. •Ti-lSr
•7:3O* Martinez. .*it» It »mon. VVJejo, Napa.
Culistc-ie* »uU H'iiita Hosa *0il3p
•8:0t»A D»ib, Woodland. Knights Landias,
Mj,rjsfiUe. urotllle •7:45p
•«il«i Atlantic K»prea»— Ogden aad Ea*J *S>-*3r
*%s9m t. Xilas, Uvermoni Tracy. LAthrop.
8tt*ktoa *Til»»
•lilt* Sau Joae. LHermoie. .Stockton,
lane. Sacramento. PUcrr»iUe,
MmjmW*. Chico. lt«l HlufT •IjlSr
••¦••* Omkdair. Chinese. 8onora.C*iter»... Mil.tp
•»:••» H»jw&nla. Nile* and Way St ui.m». * ¦ I : !•"»»
¦ViOtt Lot Angeles £xpre» — M&rtlites,
Tracj, Latnrop, .stocktou, Merced
Fresno •ml Let Antics *7>l.lp
•9:30* Vallt-K Martinei anil \Va» Station! *3t45p
•!•<«•* The UverUml Liinitad-Ogdao, Dan-
Ter. O.uiha. Chirac i «•¦*»*
•I1:OO» NUm. Stockton, rtaoramento. Man-
dot*. Fresao, IlauXord, VUalla,
Porterriilo »4il3f
•I I :*0 a Urermor?. Sanptr. Goshea Jam*
tion, Btkonneld. Los ABsalea
tli«Op 8aenun«uto Kl.er St«»i»tn* t»i»O»
•3iOOr Haywards, Nile* aad Way Stations. *n« ».-»»
•4i«urM«tlim, H»u lUmon, Vallejo.
Nap«, l.'ali«Nn[«, Santa Kota •U1I.I4
•litor BeulcU. Winters. 8acr*m«nta,
WouilUml. KiiUhti Lauding.
M>rj*«illo. Oiovlllo •!<»:«¦»»
•I.H»r II«yw.x;U, Ml*< ami Haa Jose ?*:»**
! *3t4Ktr NUea. Urermora aad Stockton •1O:43»
fJ:OOp dn-jset Limited, £1 FtM, New
Orlemns and E*»t «10tl3*
*3:OOrThe Owl Limited— Tracy, Fretao.
Bakenfleld. Haugua for danta Bar-
b»f». Lea Anseles. MO»13a
•IitfrKew Orlrao* ExDreaa-ltakeralUld.
HaiiU ll»ib*ra. Lc» Ang"le». Dem>
Ins. El Puo. New Orleans aad
Eait *Ti«a
••:«OpHavwaids, Nile* aod Ban Jos* *7t«»
(«:«Up Vallejo M li-iS*.
•»iO»r Oriental MVil-OjJso, Cheyraaa.
Omaha, Chicago *3:t3p
•«s«Qr Oriental Mail— Ocdea, Denver,
Omaha. Chlsajta NillF
*7iO4p Oregon and California ICiprsM. S»«-
r»i»eu to. Maryst Hi*. It«<l<llu«.
Portlaml. r>ig«« Hound and Kaak •S>43A
•S.o.Tp Saa Pablo. P»rt Coata, Martlau
and Way HtaUoos.... *11>43a
t»»03p ValMo 'lltO*
COAST IMYIMON (Narroiv «i* B< *).
(Foot ot Mnrket 3 treat.)
•••ISA N«wark.l>ut*riiile.8aii Joao.Fslton.
Bon! Jer Crrek.Santa Oniz aad Way
NUUnna ••ta»p
?»il 3p Newark Canter? Ilie, 8an Jom, New
AlmaJeD, Fellou. Booldor Creok.
Santa Crux aad Principal Way
Stations tl»»l*»a
Mil.ir Newark, Han Jo*«, Los Gatoa....... 'SiaOa
Clli43p Hanten' Excursion, Saa Jom tad
Way Stations l 7 ***?
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrwiii riiici&co — r«tt «f n*rku sumi <sh» i)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00*.*. 11:33 *3:33 11:80
•«:80 tS:C3 •8:03p.m.
rn»0mi»-f«l.rir.i4»»7.- «6;00 9 04 10:00 4.*.
U2:C3 '1:03 »:C3 *3:53 tt:QJ *a:03P.i«.
COAST DITIS1O1 (Uroail Kan;*).
(Third .tad Tow mend 3tr)
*6: 1 ••.Ocean View, South Han Fraaclsoo.. f«iSOp
*7t««A Ban Jota ami Way BUtlmia (N«»
Almadeu Wednesday* only) *liB*r
•»iOO» Man Jom. Tiea riuoa. Bauta Crum.
Paellio Urote. l'uo Unblea. H»o
I.til* Olilipo, Surf. Lompoe aud
Principal Way Sutimn *4l\9t
•1O:4Oa San Joaa and Way Htatious. •«tS3a
•I iau« Sau Joaa awl Way Stations a St3*p
f*i43r San Mateo. Redwood. Menlo Fuk,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, rtau Joia,
Tret Plaos. 8auU (rui. Sallnaa.
Monterey and Pacific (irofo t>0****
tX:S«p Saa Joaa aad Way Htattona *7:3l»r
T 4:I»r Saa Jomu<1 Principal Way Station* •!»: I3»
t3:OOrSan Joae. Loa Gatos aad Principal
Way Station! tOtOOa
¦3i20p SanJnaa and Principal Way Stations *H:33a
•«:.-:or San Joss and WayStationa t"»:«»»
«ll;-ISp San Joae and Way Stations *?:30p
A (or Mor<iinc- P tot Afternoon.
•Daily. . t Hnnday escorted. t souday o»i#-
f Mondsyt, Wedaesdan, Trid<\j%.
* Tuffid»ys, Thursdays, Sand*/*.
• Saturdaj ool£.
CALIFORNIA NORTDWESTEBN RY. CO.
ZjESSESI
SAN FRANCISCO AMD NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBTJBON FERKI- FOOT OB* 1XAIUCET 8T.
Sen Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:20. »:00. U;00 a. m.: 11:35, 1:30.
I 8:10. •:» u- m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:*)
p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1:60 and
U:30 p. m.
BUNDAYS-3:0O, 9:30, U:00 a. m.; 1:30. 1:30. »:(*,
i:20 p. m.
San Rafael to Smn Francisco.
WEEK DATS— «;10. T:50. »:W, 11:10 a. m.; 13:45,
1:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:l»
and I:J5 p. m.
BUNDAY3-S:10. »:40. 11:19 a. m.: 1:40. 1:40. S:05.
(:2S r>. m. . •
Between San Francisco and Bchuetzen Park.
ism* schedule aa above.
Lava 1 la Effect I Arrt'»«
Ean Francisco, f Xor. 7. 1300. I San Frandaea
-We«k J Sun- I I Ban- I 'W*ri«
Day». -I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.^
7:30 am f.W am Novato. 10:40 am| S:40 am
8:23 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, b.-CS pm,l:):I5 tm
t:10 pra B:CO jpai Santa Roaa. 7:U ;m; 6:23 pra
I Fulton.
T:30 am Windsor. 10:3 am
Healdsburr.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
t:S9pm 1:00 am Clovexdals. 7:15 pm fl:t3 paa
f :30 am! I Hopland I |
1 1:00 amj and Uklah. f 7:85 pmf «:ti pm
't-«v .ml I 10:lS ara
I S:00 am Guernevllle. T:33 pm
t:30 pro] «:gpra
7:30 am 1:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 am 1:40 am
and I
1:10 pm 1:00 pm Glen Ellen, f 8:05 pm <:>3 pta
7:30 am! 8:00 am! ¦ 110:W ani|10:M am'
t:89 pmf pm| Sebastopol. | 7:13 pmj i:t2 pra
Stages connect at Santa Roaa for Mark West
6prlngs and Whit* Sulphur Spring* ; at Fulton
for Attruria: at Lytton for Lytton §prlng-»: at
Oeyservllla for Ska«sa Springs; at Cloyerdala
for the Qsyf&r*; at Hopland (or Duncan
Eprlnss. Highland Springs, Kelseyrllle. Carla.
tad Sprints. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartl«tl
Eprinca: at Uklah for Vichy Bprlnss. Sarator*
E prtnga. Blue Lakes. Laural Dell Lak». Wltttr
6prlng^. Upp«r Lalc». Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Dajr"!. RlTersid*. Llerley's. Buckneira.
Canhedrln Heithta. HnUvllle. Orr-s Hot Sprlnsa.
Ifer.docino City. Fort Brag?. Westport. UaaU
Wlllata. Lay toil vile, Cummlngrs. Bell's Sprlaxa,
Jlarria, Olacns. D7«r. Scotia and Eureka.
¦ Saturday to Monday rounder!? ticket* at n-
<Juced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets t* all potata
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market at.. Chronicle bulleV
In- R. X. RYAN.
H- C. WHITINO. Gen. Paa*, A«t.
Gen. Manager.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SousalUo Ferry.
Commencing Kepteaiber Su. IKK).
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEI
AND SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK I>AYS-«:56, 1\l. 11:00 a. m.. «1:4^
1:15. 4:C0. 6:15, *«:15, <:40 P. rn.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Baa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays tad 3at-
urdays at »:00 and 11:33 p. m.
si:ndays— '3:00. 10:00. *u:» «. m.. nm
1:15. *1:43. 1:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•> run to San Quentln.
FROM 8AN RAFAKL to SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:». •«:»). 7:45. 9:90 a. m..
13:10. 1:45, '3:30. 4:30. 1:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wedneadaya
aod Saturdays at *:«i and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS- <:». •*:<». 'lO:^ m.O a. av.
•1:40. *3:15. 4:45. MrJO p. m-
Tralns marked (*> start from San Quentla.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCOt
WEEK DAYS— 5:<5, «:45. 7:55. 9:3» a. m..
J2'35 2:10. >:30. 4:54. E:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdiya
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. ra.
! BUjrDAYS-8:05. 10:03 a. m.. 12:06. J:ia, !:«,
1:00. (:45 n. m.
, THROUGH TRAIN3.
¦ |:SS a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stay.
tlcr.s.
1:43 p. m. Saturdays— Tornales and way sta>-
tlons.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Tor tales and way at*>
, «t«4M.
Santa Fe
, Trains— Daily
! Leaf e MarkJt-street Ferry Depot.
X/rt. Saa Franclsco.1 9:00 a m 4:10 p ml 1:00 p m
Arr. Stocktca 12:» p m 7:U p m 11:05 p ra
" Merced *:*2 P m X:» a m, <
•• Fresno 4:20 pm t:«am
-¦ VlMlla C^Opm J : f$ aM
1 •» Tnlare «:~ P m '" * m
1 •• Hanford 8:33 pm 7:08 a m
1 I - m Baker»n«ld ... 3:» p m I;» * ta
• •• Denver 10:09 a m — — —
I I •• Kansas Oty... 5:13 p aa
' ** Chicago 7:40 am '
• » a. m. train Is th« Overland Express. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 6 p. rn. dally.
' 413 p m. Is Stockton Local. Correspondlnj
train arrtves U:05 a. m. daUy. _
I 00 p m. la Fresno and Bakersfisld Express,
with Bleeping Cars for both cities. CorresptnA-
- toe train arrives at i a. m. «lal>T-
, OFFICES— «1 Market at. and In Ferry Depot,
\ Iten yraqdaco: 1U» Broadway. Oakland.
The Weekly Call.
'• a/
81 pep Year.
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission street.
VON HADELN-In this city. November 16, 1900.
at her residence, 1601 Powell street, Henri-
etta, wife of the late John von Hadeln. and
mother of Annie von Hadeln. a native of
Germany.
Olivet Cemetery. •
SKEHEN— In thia city, November 14, 1900.
James, dearly beloved husband of Margarn
Skehen, and devoted father of John M.. Liz-
tie C. Mary A. and Marguerite F. gkehen,
a native of County Waterford. Ireland, aged
61 years. (Toledo, Ohio, papers please copy.)
inTThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 165 Trumbull street, oft Mission road,
thence to St. John's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMITH— In Decoto. 11 Cal.. November '15, 1900,
Joseph Grafton Smith, a native of Missouri,
aged 63 years 7 months and 15 days.
lETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Mission Ma-
sonic TemDle, 2668 Mission street, under the
auspices of Mission Lodge No. 169, F. and A.
M. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, via
electric funeral car from Twenty-third and
Guerrero streets. Remains at the funeral
F. Cemetery
SELOVWSKY— In this city, November 15, 1900.
Gustave, dearly beloved husband of Marie
Eelovwsky, a native of Berlin, Germany, aged
55 years and 22 days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors ot
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
CTTNotice of funeral hereafter.
McKENNA— In this city, November 15. 1900.
James A., beloved son of James and Mary
McKenna. and nephew of Margaret Lough-
nune and Mrs. Lennon, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years 4 months and 17 days.
C^TThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, S34 Third avenue. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery.
MARTIN— In the City and County Hospital,
November 16, 1900. John K. Martin, a native
of Ireland, aged 60 years.
PAPENHAUSEN— In this city. November 15.
1SO0, Sophia, beloved wife of Fred Papenhau-
sen, and mother of Henry, Fred Jr., LJllie,
Sophie and William Papenhausen, a native
of Hanover. Germany, aged 31 years 7 months
an-1 5 dayB.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
SCHMITT— In this city, November 15, 1900,
Babette Schmitt, beloved wife of the late
Augustln Schmitt, and mother of Mrs. George
Scheldt and Eugene and Martin Schmltt. a
native of Bernfeld. Alsace, aged B9 years 8
months and 9 days. (Chicago and Jollet pa-
pern please copy.)
E7 Interment private. Cremation I. O. 0.
EyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Mary's Ca-
thedral. Interment private. No flowers.
HARVEY— In Oakland. November 14, 1900, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Eliza Harvey, and
father of Mrs. Mary Fox. Mrs. Elizabeth
Smith, Mrs. Dora Cady and Robert. William
and John Harvey, a native of Ireland, aged 7J
years 2 months and 14 days.
1 E^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 11 o'clock, at Odd
Fellows' Hall. Eleventh an.l Franklin streets.
Oakland, under The auspices of Porter Lodge
No. 272. I. O. O. F. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. ,
HASLEHURST— In this city. November 14.
1900, Helen Eva, beloved daughter of W. W.
and Georsie R. Haslehurst. a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years 9 months and I*
days.
HEWITT— In this city. November 15. 1900. John
James Hewitt, beloved husband of Annte
Hewitt, father of Thomas J. Hewitt, and
brother of Mrs. Annie Maloon, Mrs. Emma
Leslie, Miss Maggie and Letetia Hewitt ani
of Robert, Charles, William, Edwin. FrancU
and Thomas Hewitt, a native of Belturbet.
County Cavan, Ireland, aged 80 years 7
months and 9 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2654 Twenty-second etreet. between
York and Hampshire. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery-
HEYFRON— In this city, November 14. 1900,
Ellen, beloved wife of Patrick Heyfron, a
na'lve of Covnty Waterford, Ireland, aged 70
years.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 720 Folsom street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
¦will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
HOKTON— In Oakland, November 16. 1900, at
10:a Twelfth avenue, Minnie E. Horton, a
native of Wisconsin, aged 30 years.
LAWLER— In this city, November 18, 1900.
Thomas H. Lawler, beloved husband of Mar-
garet J. Lawler, and father of Howard J.,
Thomas H., Joseph B. and Frank C. Lawler,
Mrs. J. M. Verdenal and Mrs. E. Puerari, a
native of Brooklyn, N. Y., aged 64 years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvcy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of hla soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. j
HARASZTHY— In this city, November 15. 1900.
Arpad Haraszthy, father Of Mrs. George D.
Strickland and Carlos Harasrthy of Tahiti,
and brother of Mrs. Ida Hancock of Los An-
geles, Mrs. M. Flood and Bela Haraszthy of
Arizona, a native of Hungary-
the California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street, near Post.
MEMBERS Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Asso-
ciation will assemble at headquarters to-mor-
row (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, to attend the fu-
neral of our late brother, William Dunn. Per
order STEPHEN BUNKER, President.
J. J. McMAHON. Rec. Sec.
EBELOE— In this city. November 14, 1900. Mar
tin Ebeloe, beloved husband of Sedsel , Ebe-
loe. a native of Denmark, aged 46 years 8
months and 10 days. A member of Danmark
No. 2, Dania.
• CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
II. P. Petersen & Co., 228 McAllister street,
urfder the auspices of Danmark No. 2. Mem-
bers please attend. Cremation Odd Fellow*
Cemetery.
EMERSON- In this city, November 15. 1900.
Alice, beloved mother of William Emerson,
aced 65 years.
EXFrlends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by lO^')
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
FAVA— In Phoenix. Arls.. November 14, 1900,
Amedeo Fava. beloved husband of . Elisabeth
Fava. and father of Mrs. Louis Le Clare and
Albert J. and Lilllen V. Fava, a native of
Lucca. Italy, aged 51 years and 6 months.
CyRemains at the residence of his aister-
in-law, Mrs. J. R. Moffat, 1505 Dolores street.
Funeral notice in Sunday morning's paper.
GORMAX— In this city. November 15. 1900, Ed-
ward Gorman, a native of County Donegal,
Ireland, ased 23 years.FAVORITE SINGERS j HEARD
TO ADVANTAGE IN WAG
NER'S OPERA.
WHAT "MORE OR LESS"
MEANS IN THE LAW
Wells-Fargo Company Gets Judgment
Against Cement Contractor on
a Definition. ; 4'L'[?;
United States Circuit Judge Morrow yes
terday rendered judgment in favor of the
plaintiff In the case of Wells, Fargo & Co.
vs. William Wolf. Suit was brought to re
cover from Wolf the difference on 2925
barrels of cement at J2 66 and at $3 60 per
barrel.*-
The * testimony showed that Wolf and
the plaintiff entered Into a contract for
the supplying of 5000 barrels of cement
"more or less" at $2 56 per barrel, to be
used In the construction of the company's
new building. As the work progressed
and when the 5000 barrels were consumed
It was found that 2925 barrels additional
would be required. By that time the mar
ket price of cement had risen to $3 50 per
barrel and Wolf declined to furnish more
than 500 additional barrels at the contract
price, claiming that that number of bar
rels, being 10 per cent of the number
named in the contract, complied with the
term "more or less" in the contract.
Judgment was given in favor of the
complainant for $2265, from which was to
Richard Oliver of Natoma street ap
peared before Judge Cabanlss yesterday
on a charge of battery' upon his sister
in-law, Mrs. Mary Adams. 25>£ Minna
street. 1 Mrs. Adams appeared in court
with a badly discolored eye.
The evidence showed that Oliver's wife,
who Is a fragile little woman, told him
Tuesday that her sister, Mrs. Adams, who
.is a big. strong woman, had threatened to
beat her. Oliver w€;nt to Mrs. Adams and
remonstrated with her. Mrs. Adams
seized a cup to throw at Oliver, who
struck her .on the face, knocking her out.
Oliver was convicted and ordered to ap
rear for sentence this morning.
Oliver was also booked at the City
Prison yesterday on a charge of mall
clous mischief.- He had bought some fur
niture from the J. Noohan Company, and
as he did not pay promptly the company
fent an expressman Thursday to take the
furniture away. Oliver seized a hatchet
and chopped up most of the furniture.
stances That He Has an Un
governable Temper.
Richard Oliver Shows in Two In-
CONVICTED OF BEATING
HIS SISTEB-IN-LAW
Thomas Manning Jr. ¦was convicted by
Judge Mopan yesterday on the charge of
battery for knocking down his father,
Thomas Manning 6r., 52 Natoma street,
with a ehovel. and kicking him. He prom
ised to leave the city If the Judge would
let him go. but the Judge said he could do
fo after serving eIx months in tjie County
Jail, where he had served two terms for
beating his wife. He will be sentenced to
day.
Knocked TH« Father Down.
Secretary McCoy Xectures.
¦H. J. McCoy, general secretary of the
Young Men's Christian Association, de
livered an Interesting lecture on "The
Humorous Side of a European Tour" last
night at the First United Presbyterian
Church, corner of Golden Gate avenue
and Pclk street. The lecture was ' il
lustrated by a stereopticon.
Bargains in Pictures.
150 more odd-framed pictures and panels,
from 25 cents up, to be closed out to mako
room for the new things that have just
arrived. Everything marked with a red
tag to be sold at one-half off from the
regular price. San born, Vail & Co., 741
Market Street. . : ¦ ¦ . •
LOSS OF WORK DRIVES
A'CIERK TO SUTCIDE
Alfred J. Goldman Becomes Discour
aged, Drinks to Excess and
Turns on the Gas.
Alfred J. Goldman, a weigher, occasion
ally employed by the Piper & Aden Com
pany at 24 Clay street, committed suicide
yesterday morning by asphyxiating him
self in his room at 2055 Ellis street
Goldman was a native of this city, 40
5'ears old, and unmarried. He resided
with his sister and widowed mother, aged
80 years, and his death gave his mother
such a severe shock that she is in a pre
carious condition.
At 7 o'clock yesterday morning Miss
Goldman noticed a strong odor of Illumi
nating gas in the house and traced it to
her brother's room. She opened the door
and found him unconscious. Dr. McDon
ald was called and spent two hours In a
fruitless effort at resuscitation.
Goldman had not had steady employ
ment recently and was despondent and
out of money. He went around the wa
ter front yesterday afternoon looking for
a job, and becoming disappointed, drank
excessively.
Another long conference was held yes
terday between Manager J. A. Fillmore
of the Southern Pacific and the delegates
from the Order of Railway Conductors
and Brotherhood of Railway Trainmen.
Besides the delegates, the meeting was
attended by E. C. Clark of Cedar Rapids.
Grand Chief Conductor, and W. G. Lee.
First Vice-Grand Master of the Railway
Trainmen. These two officials came at
the request of the delegates who were un
able to reach an amicable understanding
with Manager Fillmore at the meetings
held a week or two ago. The grand oltt
cers were called ti'pon as a final resort
on the part of the trainmen to persuade
the company to grant the concessions
asked.
Contrary, to expectations, the case of
the switchmen was not brought up at all
yesterday, nor is it likely to be considered
for several days. • Neither Mr. Clark nor
Mr. Lee has anything lo do directly with
the switchmen, and whatever action than
body takes will be Independent of the
Brotherhood of Conductors and Railroad
Trainmen. Ordinarily this would not b';
the case, as the switchmen are supposed
to *iold membership in the trainmen's or
ganization. But the switchmen were le
fused permission to piesent, through the
delegates, a schedule of "their own. hence
they bolted the organization and must
now be heard independently.
It is the wish of Manager Fillmore that
the switchmen be given a separate con-
Elderatlon and this frank declaration Is
not altogether pleasing to the conductors
and trainmen, it is said. .
A greater part of yesterday's session
was given up to a discussion of the mer
its of the various items Included in the
revised schedule. " The moot important
Item, and one which the men are likely
to have the greatest trouble In getting
through, is In reference . to the amount
of mileage to constitute a month's work
by through freight crews and the basis
or computing overtime.
The present basis is the card time oJ
the train. The new proposition Is to fix
the basis according to the average num
ber of miles made per hour, a rule that
is followed by practically, all the big
roads in the country, except the Southern
Pacific. ;
If the concession is granted it will mean
that on some divisions men would per
form less mileage for their monthly pay
than they are now doing. • ¦
The conference adjourned at 4:30 and
will be continued to-day and possibly
next week. Grand Chief Clark says ho
has no fault to find with the way FiU
more Is treating the men. He savs their
cause Is a just one and he thinks the
company will see it In that light before
the matter is ended.
Railroad Men Again in
Conference With Man
ager Fillmore.
WANT SAME PAY
FOR LESS LAROR
The Reverend Rabbi Nieto, speaking
from the pulpit of the Congregation
Sherith Israel last night, urged higher
education of women, who, he said,
were one of the molding forces of a na
tion.
"The question of woman in society,"
continued the speaker, "is not a new one.
It is old as man himself. The position
of woman in any society is necessarily
determined by the conditions in which
the lives. This is i roved by history
"The only true philosophy* is the
philosophy of necessity. The Old Testa
ment law that man should reign over
woman was- necessitated by the conditions
existent at that time.
"Where do we get most of that which
is kindly, noble, generous, in our lives?
feurcly not from man, who glories but in
his musclar power. It 1b the pure woman,
the good mother, the faithful wife who
supply life with these elements.
"The moral status of our society to-day
depends upon our women. It is. therefore,
very necessary to have our women high
ly educated that they may be able to act
ually strengthen and aid the race. We
mut-t judge v.oir.en as we judge men— by
their jxjwer to absorb knowledge and to
impart Intelligently what they have
l*-arnt-d. Woman no longer is a poor,
vtak creature, seeking a helping hand;
she Is able now to leaxi forward in what
ever gre«t world work is to be done.
"The great freedom that women enjoy
tn this country is responsible for the noble
womanhood of this community."
The Reverend Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger
announced to the congregation assembled
in the Temple Emanu-El last night that
he <51d not intend, owing to the small size
of his audience, to Rive more than a brief
talk. He spoke of "Life's Failures." and
recited some verses of an anonymous poet
¦who has sung their cause. The preacher
Bpoke of the millions who are never heard
of. that a favored few may be honored.
"We are accustomed, all of us," he said.
"to clng the song of success. There are
very few ready to notice those who have
failed. We know the conquerors, the
great legislators, the great kings, but we
do not hear of those who have made them
great. Civilization is the chronicle not of
the few who succeeded but of the many
who failed."
Rabbi Nieto Declares That
on Her Hangs Future
of the World.
PLEADS FOR THE
HIGHER WOMAN
be deducted an offset cliamed by "Wolf re
$600. K net Judgment agaiLt him to
undertook Stenermann's part in compe-
Lent fashion.
There is not a great show for the chorus
in the opera. The charming "Spinning
:horuE" was beautifully given, however,
ind the fine male chorus in the first act.
with Its stunning unison work, was also
well heard. The orchestra has the lead
ind dominance almost all through this
_ .. — .— . ¦——... . ._ .......— . . ¦.-.,....... . ¦¦.¦I —*"¦— '^
opera by sheer force of Its beauty of
theme, harmony and orchestration; it is
almost a "symphony with words." I
think it must be very nice to play on
an orchestra, on such an orchestra, and
such music, isn't it, Mr. Damrosch? And
how very well you play! The clever con
ductor had to respond to an imperious
demand for his appearance on the plat
form after the second act, and his work
was distinguished throughout by all its
usual excellence.
The mechanical accessories were espe
cially good, scenery and the rest of It.
but I do wish Mr. Bispham would get an
other portrait of himself painted. It
needs even more than the average imagi
nation required by grand opera generally
to twist the sable gentleman over the
door into Mr. Bispham's handsome like
ness, and the famous scene of his en
trance loses shock therefore — after tha*—
now!
Melba sings this afternoon in "Lucia."
and I shall most surely go, for after that
wonderful Marguerite the other night I
proclaim myself now and forever Melba's
very humble servant.
EVERT fair house, considering
the comparative popularity of
the opera given and the
ptormy weather, was that
which greeted »he Grau peo
ple last night in "The Flying
Dutchman." for In California
¦w<? «3o not yft know onough to go out
whrn it rains— the educational opportuni
ties being only meager— but Grau and all
his angels could r.ot outweigh the fear
of a splash into an impromptu pucdle or
a dainty rlvuW down the necK with somo
fo!k5. Still ir.any gayly attired dames ai:d
maidens anJ much crush-hatted maecu-
Jinity braved the storm and. as I said be
fore, the house might have been worse.
But not much. I hear encouraging news
nf the "Lohengrin" house this evening—
that it is almost sold oxxf. already— to bal
ance things a little. "Lohengrin" is «ii
mays a. strong favorite here and has. p«r
Joroe tht most eminent i-aM for its in
terpretation tnat one is likeiy to hear in
a lifetime, including as it does Nordic*.
Schum&nn-Heink. Van Dyek. Bi^phara.
JJurhlmann and Ed. de Reszke.
Morni ¦without and storm within. It ¦was
last evening- It was strange to lea\e the
Ftrtaming s-tret-ts, busy with the splash
»nd hum ana purl of heavy rain, and step
into the strenuous and stormy atmos
rihfre of thf "Dutchman" overture. It
i«< a'sxeat epic of the elements, comln
atcd always by the ominous and noble
thf-me which is the herald and symbol of
"Der Flieger.de Hollander." As descrip
tive music pure and simple, one must
lock far to mid its like. It has the ehud
d»r of the storm which Is big with the
Fccrrt of the doomed wanderer. The
screaming winds shriek it, it whistles
thrrKigh the ship's rigging; the great dla
peson of the waves booms out the weird
Vifrtory. and how wonderfully it Is all
told by. the orchestra! The overture
aroused an immediate enthusiasm, and
the npplause all through was spontaneous
ami abundant. ¦
Madame Gadski sung the difficult and
not altogether grateful part of Santa. She
was not in quite so wonderful voice as
on the "Tannhauser" evening, but her
conception of the romantic. dreaming
maiden, who 1? possessed of a strange
love for the Hollander, who Is but a myth
or a fear to her youthful companions, 1*
full of poetry and tenderness. As she
sinps the Dutchman theme, of which she
Is somewhat psychically conscious, with
wide-open eyes that see naught. or
Ftranpe things, there is a really, truly
uncanny thrill, and when the Dutchman
appears her shriek and after-silence, long
held, smartly kfeps up the shuddery lllu-
Fion. It is truly an excellent interpreta
tion.
Mr. Bispham was most enthusiastically
received last evening in his part of Der
Hollander. He paints a noble picture of
the unhappy captain, grand, gloomy, eter
nally wandering, and his big. rather un
wieldy barytone does excellent service in
Its musical interpretation. He was off key
occasionally in the first scene, but found
hie bearings speedily and gave no further
offense on that score.
M. Dipjile was a most pleasing revela
tion as Erik. He has a light, honeyed
t«»nor. very flexible and of sympathetic
and pleasing quality. He sings with
heart and soul and everything that in him
is, and has a very comfortable dramatic
sense. Further, he is graceful in move
ment and looks the part with picturesque
success. In his duet with Senta, M. Dlp
ple created no small sensation, and his
next appearance will be looked forward to
with much pleasure.
Mme. Olltzka sang the part of Mary in
a sweet and sufficient fashion, and the
good bass of Mr. Blass was heard to ad
vantage in the part of Daland. Mr. Bars
By BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Mnr\e. Qadski DiVides tke J-Jor\ors Witk Danrxrosck.
Melba Sir\£s ir\ "Lucia" This Aftemoorv.
"THE FLYING DUTCHMAN" DRAWS
FAIRLY WELL IN SPITE OF RAIN
Higher Price for Product Is Expected
to Follow a Rumored Combina
tion of Local Business
Interests.
It was a report last night that Henry
Cowell and Co. had bought out the
plant of the Cienega Lime Company,
which is near Tres Pinos, In San Benlto
County. Coupled with this was also a
story that a combination of Interests was
practically effected yesterday at a con
ference that took place In this city at
which II. T. Holmes of the H. T. Holmes
Lime Company, William Jones, William
Russell and H. T. Hawkins were present,
the purpose being to control all the lime
trade north of Tehachapi. William Jones
is associated with Henry Cowell & Co.
Hawkins Is the secretary' and Russell su
perintendent of the H. T. Holmes Lime
Company. At the office of Henry Cowell
& Co. the sale of the Ciengea Company
was denied. An admission was made that
there, was an important conference, but
it was denied that any result could be
looked for until next week. The. story of
the Cienega sale was accompanied with
so much detail, however, that It'ls prob
ably correct. The purchase by Cowell &
Co. would place all the lime kilns' north of
Tehachapi in the hands of Cowell and
Holmes. The last named has a plant at
Tehachapi and also half a dozen -or* so
lime deposits in Santa Cruz County. With
the exception ¦ of the Holmes holdings,
Cowell has previously acquired all the
lime properties of the upper. end of the
State. , He fought : the Roche Harbor
Lime Companyiof Washington to a finish
In a war of rates and ended by securing
$35,000 of its stock out of a total of $100,000.
Since then he has competed with Holmes.
The Washington product and. that of the
southern part of. the State of California
has been kept out of this market. Prices
north and south have been much higher
than they have In this city. Lime has
been selling In Los Angeles at the rate of
$1 75 per 220 pounds or barrel. The rate
in San Francisco has ranged from $1 to
$1 26 per barrel, and two years ago, when
the fight was on with the Roche Harbor
Company, went as low as SO cents per
barrel.
The purpose . V the combine of the
Cowell and Hoimes Interests is supposed
to be an increase of prices. The South
ern California market Is controlled by the
Union Lime Company of Los Angeles and
that company handles the lime from the
Holmes plant at Tehachapi. There were
two versions of the bargain that Cowell
& Co. has made. • The Cienega property
was reported to have been sold for $10,000
by the First National Bank of San Jose,
which secured It on a. mortgage of $90,000,
which, with accumulated interest, etc.,
amounted to $120,000. Cowell Is also sup
posed to have taken in the I X L lime plant
in Santa Cruz County, upon which there
were two mortgages, the flrst of which
was held by Leopold I. Cahn of this city.
However the details may differ, the
probabilities are for a deal by which com
petition will be done away with and that
Cowell will gain absolute control of the
market. Then the entire Pacific Coast
territory of the United States will be in
three lime districts, two of which will be
controlled directly by ¦ Cowell. He has
been striving for years to accomplish this
and has probably succeeded.
Buys Cienega Plant and Also
Arranges for Deal With
Holmes.
COWELL IS NOW
REPUTED MUSTER
OF LIME TRADE
That unostentatious charitable organiza
tion known as the San Francisco Nursery
for Homeless Children, managed by a
number of prominent charitable women
of this city, has arranged to hold a grand
levee in the maple room of the Palace
Hotel on the afternoon and evening of
Saturday next. The home has been in ex
istence, a number of years and this is the
flrst time it has come before the public
in the way of entertainment in its behalf
It is located at 1534 Mission street, corner
of Iwelfth, has pleasant surroundings and
is a home where . homeless children, or
phans and half-orphans are received and
cared for with all the tenderness and at
tention that can be bestowed. It is non
sectarian and within its walls are received
helpless ones from infancy to the age of
14, children of both sexes. Irrespective of
creed or race. One of the principal ob
jects of the managers of the Institution is
to educate the helpless ones and find suit
able and proper homes for them. In this
respect they have been successful. The
report for the current year shows that In
the carrying out of the objects of the as
sociation the sum of $3499 was expended.
There are in the home at present eighty
little ones.
During the afternoon levee there will be
tables on which will be displayed for sale
a number of beautiful, useful and orna
mental articles that have been donated
for the purpose. Mrs. W. S. Leake will
be in charge of the doll table; Mrs. Wil
liam Thomas and Mrs. D. F. Preston, the
old brasses table; Mrs. William Hollls.
Mrs. William Frank and Mrs. J. Bertz, the
apron table; Mrs. R. H. Countryman and
Mrs-. J. L. Gould, the fancy work table-
Mrs. F. V. Wright, the flower table; Mrs
C. Mason Klnne. the grab bag; Mrs. A H
Martin, Mrs. Albert Dernham, Mrs. 8. b'
McLenegan. Mrs. Guy E. Manning and
Mrs. H. E. Osborne. the candy table* Mrs
James W. Elder, the fortune table, and
Mrs.'W. E. Jackson and Miss Grace Bertz
will appear as Gypsy fortune tellers and
will occupy a Romany tent, in which all
who wish tO'know of the past," the pres
ent and the future will be welcomed It
is the purpose of the committee In charge
of the affair to dispose of all articles at
the afternoon levee. .in order -to have a
clear field for the evening, when a hijrh
class musical and literary programme
will be presented. Among those who hav
volunteered for the occasion are- Mra
Walter L6ngbottom, Miss Bessie Ames'
Miss Josie Freeman. Miss Jane Kllnk'
Mrs. Mary Williams and George McBride"
It is expected this will be one of the most
elaborate affairs of the kind that has ever
been arranged in this city.
The ; officers and managers of the home
are: Mrs. William Frank, president; Mrs
i' W ' £f w ' flrst * T lc f P re *Went; Mrs!
Jame3 Elder, second vice president- Ml«
S. E. Cowell, third vice president; Mr.
S. B. McLenegan, treasurer; Mrs W F 1 '
Jackson, recording secretary; Miss C* V*
Truslow, corresponding secretary; Mrs
J. Bertz, Mrs 6. B. Burns, Mri R h
Countryman, Mrs. J. L. Gould Mrs wii
Ham -Hollls. Mrs. M. H. Hecht Mrs H
E Law. Mrs CM. Klnne. Mrs. Guy^iaS:
nlng. Mrs. A. H. Martin. Mrs. H. K Os
borne. Mrs.- E.^. Preston. Mrs. Wlillam
VSSS: &&& S3fe«$E
Charitable Society Women
Plan a Levee for Their
Benefit.
Deputy Sheriff Thomas V. Morrison of
Chicago arrived here yesterday to take
charge of Frank Bridl. alias Brady, the
noted crook, who was arrested in this city
several days ago through the efforts of
Captain of Detectives Seymour and his
men.
Bridl, or Brady, is well known through
out the country as a desperate fellow. The
particular crime for which he is wanted
Is the robbing of an old man named Pat
rick Flood in Chicago some time ago.
Flood went into a saloon to have a drink,
when he met a woman who Is known to
the Chicago police as Frankie Maxwell.
They left the saloon together, and when
a short distance from the place they were
met by Brldl, who was acquainted with
the woman. She whispered to him that
Flood had considerable money, and he Im
mediately planned to get possession of It.
The woman, following the instructions
of the crook, took her victim to a noto
rious resort In Chicago, where she claimed
6he had a friend who was anxious to see
her. As they were about to enter the
place Bridi appeared and knocked Flood
down, presumably with a "blackjack." As
he lay prostrate on the sidewalk Brldi
searched his pockets, taking all his money,
amounting to 1600. He and the woman
then left the scene without attracting at
tention.
Shortly after the robbery was commit-
HOMELESS BABES
ARE REMEMBERED
ted the detectives arrested the woman.
who after being in prison a short time
?l .* d . c -?. mp l ete confession. She claimed
that Brldl; after threatening to kill her
ir she Informed on him. gave her $26 as
her share of the robbery. Sh« had a pho
tograph of the crook, which she gave to
the police, and it was instrumental In
bringing him to justice.
Since coming to this city Brldl has been
hanging 1 around a notorious resort on Pa
fi ff» r % et - 1 nd th " e he was found and
identified as being the Chicago robber
Morrison, who Is a brother-in-law of
Prisonkeeper "Dick" BIdwell of this city,
will leave here to-night witn his prisoner
for Chicago. TX; 7 " ' ¦¦¦
BRIDI MIST ANSWER FOR THE
ROBBERY OF A MAN IN CHICAGO
Identified as the Majn Who Stood Up Patrick
Fjood and Took $600 From Him.
Mass-Meeting for Men.
The mass-meeting for men only at the
Young Men's ' Christian Association to
morrow afternoon at 4 o'clock will be ad.
dressed by N. H. Jacks, general secretary
of the Oakland Association. This will be
his last public address In this city before
his • departure for Hartford, Conn., from
which city he has accepted a call to the
general secretaryship of its Young Men's
Christian Association. I
More Property Recovered.
Detectives Ryan and O'Dea last night
recovered more of the property stolen by
Harry Eddo, the youthful crook who was
arrested Thursday In Los Angeles.
Yesterday the preliminary examination
of " Kddo was partly held in Judge Ca
baniss" court. • He was not represented by
counsel and refused his privilege of hav
ing an attorney, appointed by the court.
As several important witnesses were ab
sent further hearing was postponed until
Tuesday. ¦ Eddo declares he will plead
guilty.
FLYING TRIPS.
Change of Time.
Steamers Queen and Santa Rosa will
hereafter sail from Broadway wharf
every Sunday and Wednesday at 9 a. m.
for California Southern coast points.
Passengers arrive at Los Angeles about
1 p. m. the following day, thus reducing
previous time about seventeen/hours.
H. E. Huntlngton, first vice president of
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
was asked yesterday if there was any
truth in the stories about the Standard
Oil people trying to gobble up all the oil
producing land in California. Reference
was made in The Call several days ago
to the large number of leases that have
lately been made to Individuals by the
Southern Pacific Company, and that re
cent developments indicated that at least
some of the land had been taken in the
interests of Mr. Rockefeller.
"Do I think there is anything in the re
port? Well, now, you know." said Mr.
Huntlngton. with a wise wink, "I have
been away so long that really I have lost
all track of such matters."
"Do you know that some of the land
leased to individuals is, in fact. Intended
for the Standard people?"
• "I can't say that I do know that such
Is the case," was the reply. "You see,
the Standard Oil Company is buying its
oil. not leasing it."
"Would the Southern Pacific sell its pe
troleum lands provided a satisfactory of
fer were made?" Mr. Huntlngton was next
asked. *
"As for that I wouldn't say. It would
be a matter for the directors to determine.
One thing is certain, however; we shall
not sell until we know what we have got
to sell."
This latter statement is significant, par
ticularly so since it was followed by a re
mark that the company has now a good
force of men drilling and sounding new
territory to determine, if possible, the
magnitude of the supply.
Mr. Huntlngton was asked if, in the
event of a sale, the Standard Oil Company
would be able to furnish the Southern Pa
cific with the product at as favorable a
price as the railroad is able to produce it.
He was of the opinion that the oil com
pany could not.
Should the Southern Pacific part with
its petroleum land It is very likely that
there would be an agreement by which
the railroad would receive at a stated
price all the oil needed for its own use.
Mr. Huntington did not think the com
pany would ever market any of the petro
leum as its business is railroading, not
oil making or oil selling.
It Is said that Mr. Huntington person
ally is Interested in a number of petro
leum fields that already give promise of
developing into money making invest-
A branch track has Just been completed,
or practically so. extending from Bakers
field well up into the oil regions, which
is another indication that the company is
exercising more than common activity In
sounding and developing Its property in
the petroleum country.
In regard to the improvements now be
ing made to the Central Pacific road In
Utah and Nevada, Mr. Huntlngton said
that the changes would greatly Increase
the efficiency of this road and would also
result In quicker connection between San
Francisco and Chicago. The money with
which these Improvements, which include
much grading and shortening, are made
was set aside before the death of Collis
P. Huntlngton. The total amount origin
ally was $3,500,000. and a good deal of this
has already been spent.
Mr. Huntington said that his plans at
present are to " remain in California,
though he will make occasional trips to
New York, as formerly. He speaks very
highly of Mr. ( Hays, the new president,
and expects him here early in January.
Southern Pacific Will First
Determine Extent of
Its Supply.
RAILROAD MAY
SELL OIL FIELDS
THE SAN ' ifKAfi CISCO CAIJU'^SATUllDAY; JNU V JKMJbJKK 17, lliUU.
14
It Is the want of motive that makes
life dreary.
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. •
¦ ? «
Special Agent Power Departs.
Special Agent of the Treasury J. D.
Power left yesterday on the transport
Sheridan on an official visit to Manila.
During his absence his place at this port
will be filled by George B. Channlng.
Dr. Wm. Botsford, 1170 Market st.. noti-
fies his patients that he has returned. *
There is not an ounce of headache in a bar-
rel of it — Jesse Moore "AA" whiskey. ¦¦' ¦
_ _ Jfe 1 *' 8 :, 1 ¦-¦¦--.J??l <> I*--^-.^-.-^---.^.-.J-.n-^-j^-.-.......-.?* 1 . fl ! a '
store open to-night— and every other Saturday ni£ht until Christmas.
a 'keep»haif sale of
fashionable millinery.
forty trimmed hats that have been priced at $9.00 to $i>oo each ro
on sale this morning at $5.00 and $6.00. you can have no idea of their I^^^SS^W^.
beauty until you see them, we can only say they include some of this sea-
son's newest and handsomest models in newest shades and some black jj^^^^^^^^^^tf ?
and gold— that they are made of the very best of material?; daintily trim- AT J^SSZ«'f^J*~ /
med and without a single shortcoming in style or a fault of any" kind. vV- 1 '^^wlSP^' -s^x
they were. fairly priced at $g.oo to $15.00. 1^- l^'t^S'f^''^^'
your choice to-day and while they last for 55 and 56 each. (JL- \^^§^X'
ladies' ready-to-wear hats in a good variety of this season's most de- L
sirable colors — all up-to-date styles — choice, each 'Z7*v. ¦&XJ^ftj?. b—jsi*§2L. JJ
j ladies' and children's ready-to-wear hats — some are prettily trimmed " /r£V.
with polka dot bands, quills and ribbons — choice, each 59c
fr-eigji-eirit perfumes
and other helps for dainty toilets temptingly priced.
MUB.UUJHtJju^. flrst floor— at right of entrance.
JE^sKf^^TVgfl this Is not a sale, merely an announcement of our complete readiness to meet every
~-'n ii ' 'ijfjyS want for perfumes and toilet requisite?, true, prices are very moderate— they are invarla-
K*rr'" " ', 1 ' i .:.;'^^ bly low in this department— but that's not the chief recommendation of these S00I3. not
Vh* * ' ''"f^ I how cheaj), but how good has been our thought In the gathering of this stock, you are Judge
sYlun^Wfl'J °' our success, a few things out of a great many are only just hinted at here.
Ir^, ~_i*#-£i Cuticura soap, per cake. . . ...15c infants* sterling silver brush and comb
B^SSr-r^rP'S Faultless cold cream, per Jar 15c tn neatly lined box— only SI.OO
Rv^V^dS/Ff Hudnufs violet almond meal— a delightful Aroma smelling saJts^per bottle lftc
tl<t "-"Y^jr/ib adjunct to a lady's toilet table — greatly one cake of Colgate's cashmere bouciuet
W "\rT i-« superior to soap— per Jar 2."»c tolIet soa P and VKO sraa11 bottles of per-
iSili^S bo i x r o 0 f Se th t r 0 ie et ca 8^s^ dellCately ****>*>" -Jf* p^wder-a luxuVy"foV in-"^
liilp Perfumed toilet soapWper' rambleV^se^achTt^wder-^r ounce.". .WV.^
1 t'liiii Hudnut s sachet powder— per package 5Oc Levy's Lablache face powder, per box J»r»<«
English feather powder— per box 5c nail brushes with side wings— each Hoc
the best infants' wear C^r^E^ffi!/ tew t^ )Q bast dollar glove
Arnold's knit Jjh$/ /cut/ * ,.^^ //. B. — Halo
goods — second floor. /s3t \^^^GOOii GGODSi^r Brothers' own 'make.
Market street, neap Sixth, opposite Golden Gate avenue.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY and TUESDAY
t ?«^. ! JJ/J ter v 8t * <1 la « avln K MONET and
LES.-ENIXO the cost of LIVING? See us.
CONVIXCED G ' Ve US * tlial CT<leT * nd be
Granulated Best Cane Sugar, IS lbs . . S1.00
Sprockets Refining.
Armour's Sugar-Cured Hams 12c
The best Eastern. Regular UHo.
Finest . Creamery Butter, square 40 e
Fin* Butter is our motto. Regular He
Choice Point Reyes Butter, square 35c
Regular 43c.
Plum Pudding, 1-Ib ran 20c
Richardson & Robblns. Regular 25c
Best City Eggs, dozen ",40c
From the Mission. Regular «c.
Petalnma Strictly Fresh Eggs, dozen. .25c
Guaranteed. Regular 33c.
Martin's Eastern Cheese . 15 P
Regular 2Sc.
Choice Family Flour, 50-Ib sack ' 80 3
.. Lay in your winter supply. RegVlar" 95c."
Old Kentucky Whisky, gallon. S2.50
Rich and mellow. Regular J3 £0. *"
Mustomat Dainty Table Saura 25c
Outshines all— Pure. Regular 40c*
BidwelTs Boiled Cider, bottle 20c
Regular 23c. ••..<->
Singapore Pineapple, 2-Ib can 15 C
.Sliced: extra syrup. Regular 13<j.
New Cclumbus Brand Tomatoes, 4 cans. 25c
Regular 10c can. • ~
Port and Sherry, 8 years old, qt bot. .25c
Regular 40c bottle.
My Favorite Salad Dressing, large bot .. 25c
An exquisite relish. Regular 49c.
Zinfandel, Vintage 1893, gallon 40c
Extra choice. Regular 75c gallon.
Dr. Price Baking Powder, J-Ib can 15c
Regular 25c can.
F. Le Court Mushrooms, can 221c
Imported. Regular 30c * *"~
Renown Cigars 7 f or 25c
Humboldt. Sanche* A naya. Belmont and
all leading brands. lH4c stze lOc
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMtRS
Can take advantage of the** special sales.
TVe ship FREE, of charge within 100 mllei^
Ask for monthly Price LJst. Free
1348-1354- MARKET STREET
Opp. Seventh. 'Phone S. »2. Xp Branch Btoren.
DR.]MTJLtY.
H^HISWELL-KN'OWN AND RELIABLE OLD
.LSpeclalUt <nir<u Blood Poison, f!onorrhf»!».nip»r,
..V^f°JJT* s * m '»»l Weaknesn. Impotenc* »nd tbetr
allied Dlmrdera. Book on Diseases ot Me». «r««.
OverMy eatVoxppr'e Mc<\T>rnH reasonable. Hour*.
9to3dally ;«::»to9.:»eT'fr*. Snndnys.lOto 12. Concil-
iation free and sacredly confidential. Call oraddreu
P. HO SCO E MeXIILTT. M. D.
8O V t Kearay St., Man Francisco, Csl.
Muslin Wear Sale rjK|f^|H
Owlngr to the treat rush at our underwear counters laat wwxi <¦ I ; 't J~-bMp?
Faturday, many of the bargains ot the day were sold out be- W l' ¦*¦ - tgc'Bff'
fore 3 p. m. We crcmlsed those who were disappointed we jtO-sHrS
would put our factory force immediately at .work duplicating Nx^i ¦' ¦v' ; 'JP^ \
the goods. ' We are now ready, and offer you ' fi ' JV'iliy
nppfc HAV the ¦ «am» BIG BARGAINS, SO GRASP L iirf^
1UUHI THIS OPPORTUNITY and COMB EARLY • 0^
WOMEN'S GOWNS— HI6H-NECK GOWNS—
Bailor Collar Nigrht Gowns, made of ' Collar, cuffs and yoke effectively
best muslin, collar and cuffs trimmed trimmed with torchon lace and insertion:
•with torchon lace; yoke of wide em- made of beat soft finished mus- - £2 O/-»
broidery; cut full and -wide.... 4fl£ : lln (s«« illustration); worth $1.. Dwv
FUNNELGOWNS— * BEST QUALITY CAMBRIC GOWNS-
Cut wide and loner, all sizes; AELe* T\.vtt different styles— some hi Kh neck,
worth 73c (see illustration) /tqW some low neck; some have sailor collars—
Women's Cinderella Flannel Gowns— SU™»Wi5S .HlSS.uXV.nw i
WOMEN'VDRAWERS--: *K? 1? St^. ISc '
Made of the best muslin, trimmed with tucked— all sizes— on sale at.... ' lOv
rows of hemstitching;;- umbrella style (see
V.^^V?.?.":.. 0 .?..!?!!..":.:.:..: 25c CHEMISE—
FIRAWFIK Made ot V 8t muslin, trimmed with «lx
UnA1ir.no separate cluster* of tucks— between each
Made of best muslin; double cluster of fluster a row of torchon lace and lnser-
tucks; trimmed with wide embroidery turn— regular price 76c— on sale siCkt-
or lace; all sizes— on sale at 4^C •••••••; ." t"€FV*
••••••¦•;•':• _Hundreds^of other styles of Gowns,
DRAWERS — Skirts and Drawers. Chemise. Corset Cov^ "
UnflJir.no er8 . etc.. at from
Made of best cambric, ruffle trimme-1 nc * Mn n » . '^'.^ *^«
with double cluster of tucks, linen la.ee /Q TO 41) DBF CflFll I PCC than KflDlllar
and insertions-worth »125-on 7fZ~ F ° UBIM n L . Ci!> lM " nBgUiai
'sale at.. '. (OC PrlC6S,
¦ > WINTER UNDERWEAR 8I &? t o-d.v
(V&&Sh S aitiTUnCICQV . ou i 75 Sllk 'Waists made
hS8VT ""^ nUoltnii of. the best taffeta; corded
JfcS? <i • It's money in your pocket anTsl^s-ou^M »' otuSltv™
;£&$& &»" lf >' ou bu ' r theae »nes from on sale iT^ i*o it
,<j^a^9 JB& ««¦ « J-° U> U look at our, ?...".. $3.45
faMHH*^ 1 xS-^?**<BPi enow windows you'll be con- Another k^o^ 4V. T-i-utt
JbV^'-^^J^ Vlnced of the bl * values DREVS COATS-
W . 4 i/^^TVfTM" IB Our Children's Headwear sires— regular price $3.60— o-»
l'i \|, lHl?w\/f t'h.R? Department Is'renlete with Bale at •...., (t>O ># er
[ -^-A.Uuf.. \t . 18 all the newest novelties. tt>iS«4O
k V 1 /'*J3 Chliarenv Full Length Box
A\*Hra: )P» . Moll Orders Receive Coats-all sizes and colors-
mmM^ IX'M Careful Attention. at "~ $2.95
flpt': I'M 1212-1214 Market St., j0Mi .
! Jr. ' BRAN CH 6T0 RE-106 Sixth Street.