IF BILLY BOY BRYAN EVER FORMED A CABINET.
HANFORD, Oct. 25.— A Call corre
spondent last night interviewed E. T.
Cosper, >ho was accused by .The Call
of - having ¦ demanded money from an
employe of, the .last, Legislature. Mr:
Cosper j absolutely refused to answer
the •' charges yes or ."no or ' make . any
other , statement. - but to-night >¦ the
Hanford : Sentinel,* which ls;;Cosper"s
mouthpiece in 5 his flsht ; for Judge,
contained ; the following article:
-"'The:' San Francisco: Call; came out
again yesterday with an attack ; on E.";
T. ; Cosper. This time, The ; Call: asks
two' questions and demands ; that they
be , answered yes or no. . The nature
of the attack has auch a malicious ap-
pearance that the friends of ; Mr. s Cos
per f who \ have had j occasion to observe
the matter advise that no attention be
paid to it at this time."The*Cairtele
graphed ; the article < to ¦¦ its representa
tive here in Hanford: and
. him '; to . show It to I Mr.' Coaper.\ That
: was done i last night as Cosper .was en
tering , the i : opera-house!' • He ' told > : the
' representative to Vgb ' It.' ,- The evident
scheme ; of ;•' The ..'Call t is < to ¦ draw '•'* Mr.'
.. Cosper Into;-; a ;_ controversy with ' : It
• .through the paper, or^tb blackmail him.
Some who ' have ; seen '* the ) article] and,
* ihdeed^many.'of them who understand
¦^the methods-of t the : yellow.' press.* know
that" whatever answer; ls!sivenito 'the
discredited Call -.would- only lead to
further, dispute^' for.lt undoubtedly has
hirelings at Its command to swear to
any s. statement * that ; If. makes , along
that line, and again," all know that no
single man of moderate means can af
;' ford ; to 'fight ; the; sewer of San: Fran-"
Cisco Journalism. Men worth millions
i-ln San .Francisco 'do not do it. ~S\ The
Call. has had' Cosper the. paid agent* of
fraud ! In f legislation * and ' the • people of .
this county laugh I the I charge i to scorn!
. They ; now i ask t him I to | accuse himself
\ of having- demanded a part of the sal
> ary J of ¦ an . employe I of the Assembly.
Pretty soon The '¦ Call will have him
, connected with the 3on tag-Evans gran*
¦; of ¦* robbers ; for J all . ¦ the . - people
¦ know."- '
The Call accuses E. T. Cosper, candidate for Superior
Judge in Kings County, of extorting money while a mem
ber of the Legislature from an attache of that body.
• Cosper evades but does not deny the charge. He knows that proof of his guilt can be produced, and, wants the contro
versy deferred until after the election. ' * ¦
The Call is prepared to prove by the testimony of three men— one a member of the 'Legislature.- another a. reputable
newspaper man and the third a responsible and well-known : citizen— that .Cosper did obtain $30 by extortion.
The man from whom the money .was taken only had . $100. Cosper demanded $40, but finally consented to take $30. When
witnesses to the transaction unexpectedly appeared on the scene; much to the surprise of Cosper. he exclaimed:
"Gentlemen, what does this mean?" ¦' . / SSS&EEB&BIKiifl
Cosper had sufficient presence of mind to hold on to the thirty— the same number that Judas received.
HOW THE CALL WILL MAINTAIN
ITS CHARGE AGAINST COSPER
First Shipment of Oranges.
\ISALIA. Oct.. 25.— The first carload of
this season's oranges was shipped out of
Portervllle . to-day, j This - Is three weeks
ahead of Southern California's output
BANK
DECIDES TO
PROSECUTE
Frierids Cannot
Save Thiev
ing Teller
Alvord.
••• ' ¦ ¦¦¦...
.NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— As an earnest of
its intention -to prosecute - Cornelius L.
Alvord Jr., the thieving note teller of the
First National Bank, the responsible of
ficers of that institution will to-morrow
offer a liberal reward for his capture.
This decision was reached this afternoon,
following the conference between Chief
of Detectives McCluskey and the presi
dent, cashier and the counsel of the
bank. ¦ The amount of the reward has not
yet been" fixed; . i; A '"J?w';
. At ."midnight a dispatch from. Mount
-Vernon said . Alvord was -In New, York in
the home of an intimate friend.
If any negotiations have been going on
looking to the ..restitution of. part of the
$700,000 stolen by . the note teller of tho
First . National Bank they ' were broken
abruptly to-day. United States Commis
sioner Shields late In the afternoon is
sued' a warrant for the arrest of Corne
lius L.-Alvord Jr. . vv'T.vt',
Captain McGluskey or -the detective
bureau was authorized .to , place the de
faulter under, arrest, and, the services of
the Pinkerton Detective 'Agrency, which
had been -engaged [to ; keep* Alvbrd under
surveillance,- were; dispensed : with. i'\
.The affidavit on. which, the warrant was
issued was made by Fisher, A. Baker.* one
of the directors of the bank, and its chief
counsel, and the charge*' was embezzle
ment.. . :-. . ¦ . •
BRYANISM
DWARFING
NERRASKA
Only State in WMcti
Cities' Population
Decreases.
Remarkable Contrast to the
Growtn oi Other Sec
tions of the Union.
PROGRESS OF PACIFIC COAST
Los Angeles, Seattle, Spokane, Tacoma
and Other Growing Communities
Make Big Strides
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON
EOTEX, WASHINGTON, Oct 25.—
According to a Census Bureau bulle
tin issued to-day Nebraska, is the
only State in which the combined
population of the cities contained
therein shows a decrease from 1S90
to 1900.
m The belletin summarizes the returns of
r.-ie population of cities having 25.000 In
habitants or mere In 1900, the Individual
census o* each of these cities having been
eSScially announced heretofore. There are
253 of these and the bulletin shows that
the percentage of increase in their popu
lation from 1S30 to l£>0 was 22.5. as against
<3.5 for the stae cities in the previous de
cade. The absolute Increase In the popu
lation of these cities from 1S30 to 1200 was !
4.S29.135. or 62.C6 less than the abaclute
Increase from 1SS0 to 1S33. when it was
4.S21.562. The 153 cities combined have a
population, la 1500. of 13.604,63. against
lt.E55.4S3 In 1B30 and S.S33.S27 In 1SS0. Of the j
1Z9 cities. divided into four classes. IS had
200,000 and over; nineteen had 100,000 and
u.Tler 200,000; forty had 50,000 end under
10\O00 and eighty-one had 25,000 and under
R.ooo.
la 18S0 there were but twenty cities
which contained more than 100,000 inhabit
ants, but in 1S30 this number had Increased
to twenty-eight. *nd In 1900 to thirty
«?*Kht.
The nineteen cities of. the ¦ first class
comprise New York, which, with more
than 8.000,000 Inhabitants, properly stands
by itself, two cities, Chicago and Phlla-
Celphia, each of which has a population
in excess of a million: three cities', St.
Tx>uis, Boston and Baltimore, which have |
a population of half a million each: five
cities. Cleveland, Buffalo. San Francisco.
Cincinnati and Pittsburg. which have a
population of between 200,000 and 400,000
each, and eight cities. Xew Orleans, De
troit, Milwaukee. Washington. Newark,
Jersey City. Louisville and Minneapolis,
•which have a population of between 200.030
end 200,000 each.
New York, und»r the act of consolida
tion, which became effective January 1,
1SDS, has gTown to be a city of nearly
2,500.000 Inhabitants in 1900. as compared
with *¦ population for what was formerly j
New York City of a little more than
1.300,000 In 1850 and substantially 1,200.000 in
1SS3. The population of the territory now j
comprised within the present limits of i
New York wa» approximately 2,500,000 in j
ISM. and 1,000,000 In l e S0. It is the premier
city of the country in point of population,
a position "which It ha* uniformly held at
each decennial census since and includ
ing 1790.
Chicago, with practically 1.700.000 inhab
itants, and Philadelphia, with not quite
3.330.000 inhabitants, hold the second and
third places in 1900. the same as in 1SS0,
although at the census of 1SS0 their posi
tions were re\-ersed. Philadelphia then
having nearly ££0.000 Inhabitants, as com
pared with not much more than 500.000 for
Chicago.
' Among the raost notable changes in the
rank of cities which have taken place in !
i:O0, as compared with 1SS0, may be men
tioned that of Seattle, which has advanced
from the 150th to the 14Sth place; Los An
freles. from the 135th to the thirty-sixth
place: Duluth. from the 15Gth to the sev
enty-second place: Kansas City, from the
1ZM to the seventy-sixth place, and Port
land, Or., from the 106th to the forty
tccond. Other noticeable changes In rank
from 1SS0 to 1300 are Tacoma, from 155th to
IOd. and Spokane, from 157th to 105th.
The following-named States and Terri
tf-ries in ISO0 do not contain any city with
a population of 25.000 or more: Arizona,
Idaho. Indian Territory. Mississippi. Ne
vada, New Mexico. North Carolina, North
Dakota, South Dakota, Vermont and
Wyoming.
Massachusetts has the largest number
of euch cities, namely, twenty, and is fol-
Icwed by Pennsylvania with eighteen and
New York with twelve."
The most eigmiflcant growth of cities
is that for the cities in the State of Wasb
l:igton. namely Seattle. Spokane and Ta
coma. These three cities combined had
only <DS1 inhabitants in 1SS0. but their pop
ulation had Increased to SS.765 In 1S90 and
to 155.223 in 1M0, the increase during the
past decade being equivalent to 57.1 per
cent.^ - . '
Of the total population represented by
the 153 cities in 1900 (19^93.625) 10.90S.6a€. or
U.J per cent, is contained in the seventy
cities situated In the North" Atlantic /di
|£Ulon and 6.071.861, or 30.8 per cent, in the
imy-eight cities situated in the North
Central division, leaving 'only 3,524.068, or
17.* per cent, for the remaining cities siu
wated in the other three geographical di
visions.
SYRACUSE, N. T., Oct. 23.— The closing
speeches of an arduous day in Governor
Roosevelt's campaign were made at Au
burn and Syracuse, after jumps through
widely divergent counties. Although it
was a favorable day, because while in Au
burn and Syracuse there were several in
terruptions, the questions and answers
were rather In a good natured form and
there was no friction which indicated a
desire on the part of either questioner or
answerer to enter into a personal contro
versy.
Syracuse Itself was a blaze of light,
while hundreds of people thronged the
streets. The auditorium where the
speechmaklng was held and the square
where the outside meeting took place
were both too email to accommodate
those who desired to hear Governor
Roosevelt.
In Auburn" three meetings had to be
hpld to accommodate the people. It was
at this pl^ce that the first serious inter
ruption of the day occurred. The Gover
nor had started at the first meeting upon
an exposition of the trust question.
During his remarks a man In the upper
gallery cried out, "Hurrah for Bryan'." ;
"Why?" retorted the Governor, squar
ing himself toward the place whence the
cry came and pausing for a reply, which
was not made.
"He docs not know," said the Governor,
smiling; "It means just about that grade
of intelligence."
The Governor said, referring to the
question of expansion:
"In this city Mr. Bryan actually dared
to appeal to the memory of Seward;- I
wonder, well, I don't wonder at Mr. Bry
an, but under any other conditions I
should wonder at any man making that
appeal and forgetting that one of the
greatest services that Mr. Se ward ren
j dered to this country was that under his
guidance this country expanded over,
Alaska, and it expanded Without the con
sent of the governed there" ,
"How about Metcalf ?" came an inter
ruption.
"Metcalf," said the Governor in a puz
zled way.
Then remembering that Mr. Metcalf
was president of the D. M. Osborne ma
chine shops, and had threatened to shut
down if Mr. Bryan was elected, he said:
"Metcalf is all right. If Mr. Bryan was
half as right he would be fortunate."
"How about the canals?" came from the
gallery before the Governor could' pro
ceed.
"I will answer you once for all," said
the Governor. "Do you mean In this i
Stater*
"Yes," came the reply back.
"I answer," , said" the Governor, "that
they are administered with absolute hon
esty and efficiency, as you know If you ;
know anything about them."
At Syracuse the Governor was first driv
en to a etand erected on ,the square in
front of the Welting Opera-house, in
which he was to speak later. The crowd I
was so dense that It was only with the !
utmost difficulty the police could open a
way sufficiently wide for . his carriage - to
pass through. When the Governor got on
the stand the crowd surged up against It
with Irresistible force,, and .it was. not
until the. Governor himself 'induced those
in the rear to crowd the other way. that
the crush was somewhat abated.
The Governor's party and < . the police
.then formed themselves, into jwhmf a foot
ball player would call a'flylng wedge," and
succeeded in reaching the halL
nicer meeting than this in my life." This
la what Mr. Bryan said to a number of
the Princeton boys who followed him from
his train at his meeting place at Princeton
Junction this afternoon. He arrived at
the junction at 5:30 o'clock and spoke
from a slightly raised stand on the green
In the rear of the railroad station. In
cluded in the audience were from 1000 to
1500 of the students of Princeton College,
which institution is located three miles
distant from the junction. The meeting
was one of the most orderly that Mr.
Bryan has had in his whole campaign
tour. There was not an interruption from
beginning to. end. When Mr. Bryan ar
rived he was greeted by the college yell
and there was a similar demonstration
upon his departure. His address there
was entirely to the students. He said:
"I want you to consider that in this na
tion monopoly exists, and that It is rap-
Idly approaching- an industrial despotism.
I' want you to consider whether it Is well
for a^free government to have Its indus
tries, collected Under the management of
a few men, so that the rest of the people
will receive their daily bread at the hands
! of these few. ; Many of you are preparing
yourselves • for the legal profession, but
you will find under the system of monop
' olythat the law business of the country
will gravitate toward the offices of the
great corporation attorneys, while the rest
! of the lawyers will be law clerks in the
i offices of those attorneys. Tou will flad
that as monopoly increases the chance of
the young man becomes less, and, when
you take away the hope that has Inspired
him in the past you render him' a less ef
fective man. This nation is the greatest
nation in the world, because here there Is
more hope for the young man; here life is
before the young men. There is no class
distinction; there is no caste. In this
country the son of the humblest citizen
may aspire to. the highest rewards In the
industrial and political world, but under
an industrial despotism you take away the
prospect of Independence, and under this
system you will find that political des
potism will : follow, for when one em
ployer can coerce .thousands of employes
and threaten them with idleness anS star
vation unless they vote the ticket tho em
ployer favors, you will find a government
ft the people, by the people and for the
people will be a thing of the past.
, "I want to call your attention also to
the system which Is now being proposed
by the Republicans known as the colonial
system. One of our great Institutions of
learning has established In the college a
department for dealing with our depend
encies and colonies. Young men. we have
never had colonies, and when we have
reached the point where we want colonies
we have reached the point 'where we do
not have a republic You cannot have one
idea here and another idea in the Orient.
Governments cannot come .up from the
people here, and in the Philippine Islands
come out of the mouth of the cannon."
Long's Western Trip.
WASHINGTON, Oct.
Long wilMeave Washington on Saturday
for his Western trip, during the course of
which he expects to make several political
speeches. "• Hej goes '. from * here direct to
Colorado Springs, where his daughter re
sides.^BB£BMfe9P>4HHHBF'
Joe Wheeler to Take Stump.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn.. Oct. 25.-A spe
cial ? to - the 7 Times . from Decatur. Ala.,
says: General 'Joseph 1 Wheeler has made
appointments to speak at a number ' of
towns > for the ' Democratic nominee >¦_ for
Congress, Judge William Richardson.
MITCHELL
CALLS OFF
THE STRIKE
Ending the Troubles
in the Anthracite
Coal Fields.
Full Redress lor All the
Alleged Wrongs Not
Yet Secures.
— >
STRENGTH OP ONION SHOWN
I"in3 Workers Told to Continue tha
Battle for Their Rights and to
Demand Their Wages
HAZLETON, Pa., Oct. 25.— The fol
lowing statement was given out for
publication to-night by President
Mitchell of the United Mine Work
ers, in which the strike of miners in
the anthracite coal fields is called off:
"Temporary Headquarters. United Mine
Workers of America.
-. "HAZLETON, Pa.. Oct. 25. 1900.
"To the Miners and Mine Workers of
the Anthracite Region — Gentlemen: After
carefully canvassing the. entire strike sit
uation we, your officers, district and na
tional, have concluded that your victory
Is so nearly complete that no good end
can be derived by continuing the strike
longer. The contest has been in progress
for thirty-nine days and the companies
employing you have, with few exceptions,
signified their willingness to pay the scale
of wages formulated by the Scranton con
vention of October 12 and 13.
"We are aware that some disappoint
ment and dissatisfaction has been caused
by the failure of the operators in districts
1 and 1 . to separate the reduction in the
price of powder, from the advance In
v.-nges,' but after careful Inquiry we are
satisfied that each mine employe will
; actually receive an advance of 10 per cent
on tho wages formerly paid. In the
Schuylkill and Lehigh regions the largest
companies have agreed that the sliding
scales should be suspended and that
wages should remain stationary at 10 per
ctnt until April 1, 1301. thus removing ona
of the iniquities of which you have com
plained for many years.
""While it is true that you have not se
cured redress for all your wrongs, while
It Is true that the increase In your earn
ings will not fully compensate you for
the arduous labor you are compelled to
perform, you have established a perfect
organization, which, if maintained and
conducted on business principles, will en
able you to regulate many of your local
grievances and make your employment
less hazardous and more profitable 'than
before the strike began. The companies
ag.ree in their notices to take up with
their employes all grievances complained
of. We would, therefore, advise that
when work is resumed committees be se
lected by the mine employes and that
they wait upon the superintendent and
present their grievances in an orderly,
businesslike manner and ask that they
be corrected. • "
"Tour attention is respectfully called to
the fact that the laws of the State of
Pennsylvania provide that miners should
be paid semi-monthly upon demand. We
should, therefore, advise that each mine
employe serve notice on the companies
that he expects to be paid his wages twice
each month, as provided by law.
"The practical benefits to the miners
which accrue from thorough organization
have been so clearly demonstrated during
this strike that It should be needless for
us to urge upon you the necessity of main
taining your union Intact. "We trust, how
'ever. that those who are now members of
the union will be unceasing In- their ef
forts to Induce all other mine workers to
ally ¦ themselves with the United Mine
"Workers of America at once, as It will be
Impossible for you to secure higher wages
In the future, or even hope to maintain
the present rate of wages unless you are
prepared to offer a united resistance If
any attempt Is made to reduce your earn
ings upon the expiration of the present
offer.
"A«j there are some few companies who
have neither posted, notified nor signified
in any other manner "their willingness to
pay the 10 per cent advance In'wages and
suspend the sliding scale, we would ad
vise that unless the men employed by such
companies receive notice before Monday
that the advance will be paid they remain
away from the mines and continue on
strike until the companies employing them
agree . to the condition* offered by the
otber companies. The employes of the
companies who have offered the advance
of 10 per' cent- and abolished the sliding
scale are hereby authorized to resume
work Monday morning, October 29. and to
be prepared,- If called on. to contribute a
reasonable amount of their earnings for
the maintenance .of those who may be
compelled to continue* on strike."
: The address Is signed by the national
and district officers of the United Mine
"Workers of America,
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 25.— A confer
ence between the officials of the" big coal
carrying companies and several individual
coal operators was held to-day at the of
fice of President Harris of the Philadel
phia and Reading Railway Company. The
conferees were In session about one hoar,
and although' all information m ' U what
took place was refused. '
Probably no candidate for the Presi
dency,was ever so much Jostled about and
pushed around Intone day's time as Mr.
BryanT was -to-day. -l"At • most stopping
places \ the • police"' f or nd • It Impossible to
protect him from the hundreds not to say
thousands . of .persons \wtio thronged - his
pathway" and ! followed him '.wherever* he
went." • •',"'""* --¦.¦.. . - .
: J'l have addressed; a great many, meet
ings' of 'college boys, but I, never had a
JERSEY CITY, N. J. t Oct. 25.-The first
dly of Bryan's tour of New Jersey, which
closed here with six meetings _ to-night,
may be described as a mad rush. From
the time he entered * Washington Park,
opposite Philadelphia, until- he closed his
last . meeting here he j had made fifteen
speeches. The average of their duration
was a little longer than usual. He spoke
In succession at. Washington Park.'Riyer
,slde, Burlington, Trenton (twice). Prince^
ton Junction, New Brunswick, Elizabeth,
Marion arid Jersey City (six times). His
Journey through the State was a surprise
to those accompanying. Mr. Bryan, if not
to, him, for in' f ew States, "if any, has he
had larger or more -demonstrative au
diences. His meeting at Washington Park
•was almost a record breaker In both of
these respects and his. meetings in Tren
ton arid his reception In this city were
only second to * the Washington Park
meeting in numbers and' in feeling dis
played. ¦ ' . :
" WASHINGTON PARK, N. J., Oct 23.-
WlJllam Jennings Bryan crossed the Dela
ware and touched New Jersey soil at 12:10
to-day, at -this point: Vast crowds had
gathered to hear him. He shook hands
with 1 every one who could get to him
when the. boat touched the wharf and
from there to the speakers' stand the ova
tion was pronounced. . . - \ " : -\
- "I cannot tell you— nobody can tell you
whether the courts will decide that the
trust is an illegal monopoly and can be
dissolved under the statutes. I cannot
say anything | about . that any more than
pitting as I. do In my Judicial- capacity I
could say without any evidence before'me
whether any official was guilty. or inno
cent because of his connection with that
trust. In each case the decision' will be
on the merits under the law. It will be
so by the courts; it will be so in my case;
and. whether a man is a Democrat or a
Republican won't weigh that much (snap
ping his fingers) with me."/.
"What, I want to call attention to and
emphasize. is the. .utter insincerity, the
base hypocrisy of men like Mr. Croker.
who denounce trusts In- general In ,far
more sweeping terms than I— because I
intend to make my words good by deeds
when the time comes — who denounce
trusts as an unmitigated- 'evil and then
become the most prominent stockholders
in a trust that has caused more Indigna
tion than any other in this State.
"Now, there is a trust," he said, "here
In New Tork— the Ice trust. I have no
question but that the general bulk of the
people who have gone into the ice 'trust
went in as investors, just as they would
In any other corporation whose shares
were floated on the market.
The Governor talked for an hour; touch
ing most of the issues involved, but dwell
ing particularly on trusts and military
matters. He addressed his audience
mostly on the same lines as he has spoken
before on these issues.
BRYAN CROSSES THE
DELAWARE AND BOLDLY
INVADES NEW JERSEY
ROOSEVELT IS GIVEN
A GREAT RECEPTION
BY SYRACUSE PEOPLE
SAN FI^NCISC^ FKID^^
VOLUME. LXXXVIII— NO. 148.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call. -NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— The Academy of
Music in Brooklyn was crowded to the
<3oors ' to-night", by ; people who canie here
to hear Secretary LymanJ. Gage on the'
campaign Issues. The meeting. was held
under the auspices of the Brooklyn Young
Men's Republican Club. Seth Low, presi
dent of Columbia College. als=o spoke.
Secretary Gage's reception was most
hearty.. y3ft£<&£asnbAS3ra< .
BABE LITCHFIELB SAILS
WITH KRUGEB'S GOLD
British "War Office Arm ounces That
Lord Roberts Will Sail for Home
About November 1. ., N.
LONDON. Oct. 26.— A dispatch to the
Daily Mall • from Lourenzo Marques an
announces the sailing yesterday from that
port of the' American bark Fred P. Lltch
fleld, which, it Is believed at Lourenzo
Marques, carries a : - large quantity ot
Transvaal gold hidden under ner ballast.
The War Office - announces that .Lord
Roberts hopes to leave South" Africa for
home about November , 15 and that Gen
eral Lord Wolseley has. consented to con
tinue to perform the duties of the com
mander in chief of the army until the end
of November. ..
'ALGIERS, Oct. 25.— It is asserted here
that the I Netherlands Government has
notified the Dutch Consul in Algiers that
the Dutch cruiser Golderland, on which
Mr. Kruger is being brought from Lou
renzo Marques, will" land him here and
that; he will -only proceed to France -after
a stay In Algiera, the length of which has
not been decided. :.. - : . ', - .
Marlborough as Lord Lieutenant.
. DUBLIN, Oct.* 25— The Evening Herald
revives the report, which it asserts is well
founded, that the Duke of Marlborough
, will succeed ; Earl - Cadogan ¦. as Lord Lieu
tenant of Ireland.~ag<t«EUH?iE6»aaBMBtil
NUGGET . OF GOLD THAT >'
1 IS VALTTED AT * $154,000
Received From a Mining Company in
British Columbia and Con
. signed to i New York.
NEW YORK. Oct. 25.— The biggest nug
get of sold every . received at the Assay
Office, in Wall street, according to Super
intendent Cook,- arrived to-day from a
mining company In British Columbia. It
was consigned to the New York agents of
the Bank of Montreal.- The nugget con
tained a fraction . over 753 pounds of the
solid yellow metal and is valued at $154,000.
It came In a solid: cone and stood about
two feet high. This cone was wrapped in
canvass and fitted'- with an oblong box
made of two-inch planks and heavily
bound with iron. ' The gold -was , firmly
held in the box by two wooden wedges
driven in from the top. Two heavy, iron
rings were -set In the sides of the trough
box and through these were fitted wooden
bars bv which the box was lifted. It re
quired four men to remove it from the
trunk in-fh« A?sav Office to thft unties >--»
INTERSTATE POLO "
TOURNEY GAMES '
GLENWOOD BPRINGS, Colo.,
Oct. 25.— The much talked J of polo
tournament between teams' from
San * Francisco, Glenwood ¦? Springs *
and Colorado Springs has been >ar
: ranged .- for. The i San ;' Francisco /
team will be represented by players
from the Burllngame Polo Club.
The first game will be played • here
November 29, after, which the Cali
' f orniar- and Glenwood Springs play
ers .will., go to Colorado Springs;:
The. full details .of ; the ; tournament
have not been decided Upon. r< -;.<*.? *:.'•.'
The [California ; players will be P.
D. 'Martin, Carolan, Hobart and To r ;
bin. Mounts for all the players will
be furnished from the stables of the*
Glenwood Polo Club. , . ' •-,
WASHINGTON', Oct. 25.— Admiral
O"Neill. Chief of the Ordnance Depart
ment, received a telephonic message this
morning from the proving -ground at In
dian Head, to the effect that at about 10
o'clock last night a fire and several ex
plosions occurred in one of the filling
houses and magazines. The cause of. the
explosion is unknown at present, but an
investigation Is in progress. No other
damage was done and no one, was Injured.
This message was received from Lieuten
ant Fullinwider, who is second in com
mand at Indian Head. At the time he
s«nt it Lieutenant Strauss, commandant
at the proving ground, -was on his way to
Washington on the dispatch boat Santa
Barbara, to make his report on the occur
rence directly to headquarters here. As
soon as it became known officially that
no one had been injured great relief was
expressed.
The building where the first explosion
occurred is technically known as "Cart
ridges," being a place where the brass
shells which are used in the small caliber
rajiid-fire guns are filled with powder. It
is distant about half a mile from the
wharf where the boats land and from the
point where the armor plate test occurs.
Within a hundred feet on one aide and
about 300 feet on the other, are two other
buildings, one designated -on the official
map ".Magazine" and the other- marked
"Dark." These buildings are used for
powder storage, and it is not yet positive
ly known whether they have all b,een de
stroyed or not. If they have, the loss, as
far as buildings are concerned, 1b slight.
They were constructed lightly with a view
to avoiding confinement of the powder
contents, in case of fire. Within the three
buildings were stored about fifteen tons
of brown powder and ten tons of smoke
less powder.' The latter, when not close
ly confined under pressure, is not explos
ive, but creates a vast flame, and Admiral
O'Neill said it was the nre blazing from
the smokeless powder which save rise to
the belief that a great accident- had oc
curred.
Near the powder houses stand .the resi
dences of half a dozen employes at the
proving ground, and their families. That
no one was Injured Is accounted for by the
prudence which located the magazines in
ravines, affording the protection of the
encompassing hills to' the residences in
the vicinity. The big powder factory,
representing a large expenditure of Gov
ernment money, was never In danger from
the fire and explosion. It is between two
and three miles distant in a straight Hue
from the scene of the disaster, with hills
lying between.
It is always difficult to fix the responsU
blllty in euch cases. The admiral thought
that some workman In the vicinity yes
terday may Have been careless and left
a burning cigarette . or . match, which
started a- fire that smoldered until night
fall, when It communicated with some
powder. On the other hand there always
is a possibility, which naval officers do not
like to recognize, of some chemical change
having taken place in the powder, which
resulted in spontaneous combustion.
The loss in money 'represented by the
powder is comparatively small, for If all
the powder contained in the buildings was
lost the cost. would not be above $23,000.
The loss Is estimated by Admiral O'Neill
at between $15,000 and $10,000 and powder
Rnd ammunition. The loss to the build
ings Is considered trifling.
Loss Due to the Explosion
Will Not Aggregate
More Than $15,000.
DAMAGE AT
INDIAN HEAD
NOT EXPENSIVE
BERLIN. Oct. 25.— A great sensation,
has been caused by the aliesratian. that
Count von Posadowsky-Wehner, Secre
tary of State for the Interior, had been
bribed with 12,000, marks for his work in
connection with the penal servitude bill
of 1898.
The allegation is contained in a letter
which is going the rounds of the German
press. The writer asserts that Herr
Krupp subscribed 5000 marks to the fund
constituting the alleged bribe.
The National Zeitune says It expects
that Count von Posadowsky-Wehner will
resign and nearly all the papers condemn
him severely. ¦ •
All the evening papers comment upon
the official administration. The entire
Liberal' press now demands the resigna
tion of Count Posadowsky-Wehner and
Director von Woedtke, the assumption
being that the latter doubtless acted at
the suggestion of the former. The Ber
liner Tageblatt says:
"The sole consequence of the official
statement is both must resHgn."
A similar demand is made by the Vos
slsche Zeituns. which remarks:
"It is an unheard of proceeding that a
Government department should request
and receive large sums from one small
section of a population directly interested
in pending legislation for the purpose of
Influencing the nation against such legis
lation." ¦ . . ,-,-\
The only papers which attempt to de
fend the Secretary of State for the In
terior are the Berliner Post, the Kreuz
Zeitung and the Berliner Nachrichten,
whose justification of his course in the
matter is weakly apologetic. -•¦
Count Posadowsky-Wehner
Accused of Accepting a j
Big Bribe.
SENSATIONAL
CHARGE AGAINST
GERMAN OFFICIAL
MANSFIELD. Ohio, Oct. 25.— In a pic
turesque little cemetery, where genera
tions of Mansfield's builders sleep, lie to
night the remains of John Sherman, Ohio's
Senator and the nation's statesman. There
all that is mortal of the former Secretary
of State was laid to rest to-day with cere
monies that were impressive and eloquent
ly simple. All Ohio contributed laurels
to the illustrious dead, and representing
the nation were President- McKinley, Sec
retary of War Root and other Washington
officials. The city was draped in mourn
ing. Every business housd closed at 2
o'clock and all the schools were dismissed
that the pupils might attend the services
at Grace Episcopal Church, where a half
century ago John ¦ Sherman . first wor
shiped and where for years he was vestry
man.
From the funeral train, which arrived at
10:16 a. m.. the remains were escorted. to
the church* through streets that were
thronged with citizens and thousands who
had gathered here from other places. The
route was marked In the early - morning
with many political banners eulogistic of
national and State candidates of the va
rious parties, but as a mark of respect to
the dead all these were removed before
the procession began.
In the line of march were two compa
nies of the Eighth Ohio Volunteers, who
served In the Spanish war. while flanking
the hearse was a squad of forty-two sur
vivors of the famous Sherman brigade, -all
gray and bent with age, but stepping with
firm tread. . .
Among the attendants at the services
were Judge W. R. Day. Myron T. Herriok,
Mr. and Mrs. J. I. McCallum, General
Nelson A. Miles and Mrs. Miles, Mr. and
Mrs. Colgate ¦ Hoy t of New York, P. T.
Sherman, a son of General Sherman; Miss
Lizzie Sherman, a daughter of General
Sherman; Mrs. Rachel Thorndyke Of Bos
ton, daughter of General Sherman; Alvey
A. Adee, Assistant Secretary of State;
Governor. Nash,- ex.-Governor Bushnell and
Senator Foraker. :,. ; ¦¦' - .
Mayor Brown and a committee of citi
zens greeted President McKinley at the
station. Senator Hanna arrived an hour
later, from Chicago. " ' >
President McKinley and his Immediate
party. did not tarry at the church/where
the remains were left in state, but went
at once to. the residence of Congressn^an
Kerr, where luncheon was served and
where they remained until 2:30 p. m., the
time for the formal funeral services.
The honorary pallbearers were: General
Nelson A: Miles, Colgate Hoyt, P. T-.Sher
man, Frank B.^-Wlborg, John Sherman
Hoyt. William McCord. Alfred W. Boyle
and Charles A. Sherman. These escorted
the remains into*the church; which was
then thrown open to the public, and for
hours thousands of men. women and-chil
dren filed past the'taeket. When the time
arrived for the formal services the church
and grounds were crowded. The officiating
priest was Rev. A. B. Putnam, rector or
the church, who used the ritual exclusive
ly, preaching- no funeral sermon. Follow
ing the rendition of the funeral march by
tbe organist Dr. JPutnam read selections
from the* Psalrnr.' and. the surpllced choir
t>ang. the processional,. "Lead. .Kindly.
Light,"- the hymn."O, Paradise," and the
recessional, "Abido With Me." From the
church, the cortege moved on Main street
to the cemetery, a: mile distant. At'Cen
tral' Park the procession passed under, an
immense arch of mourning, on which was
emblazoned; In gilt letters "The Nation's
Loss.''.. - ; •¦ ;;¦ •¦.;: ...:.'' .
Heading the column was • the Mansfield
band, with white-plumed- helmets." : and
just;behind them the -Eighth Ohio Volun
teers, v In ' a carriage near- that occupied
by. President ': McKinley > were : three r men
who were delegates to the first convention
that ever nominated $ John Sherman for
Congress, in 1854. '<¦ They are M. L.. Miller.
Nelson Ozler and * Jacob ¦ Hade,- all of: this
city.-:-.,. . -; : -r ¦ .-,..-.- : -..-:.'\ .,-.-¦- ¦¦> -.:-;,--.¦.
.At. the cemetery. the services were, brief,
consisting of ritualistic readings., and a
chant; and •; Mr. . Sherman's remains were
placed beside those of his , wife; : who died
last spring. v ,
Body of the Illustrious Man
Is Consigned to the
Tomb.
REMAINS OF
JOHN SHERMAN
NOW AT REST
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— Awful depths
degradation have' been exposed' to the
public gaze through the investigation of
the murder of Jennie Bosschieter. The
horrid orgie that began on Thursday night
of last week in Christopher Baal's saloon
in Paterson, X. J., and that culminated
in the pretty mill girl's death on a lonely
country road had had many predecessors
alike in all but sequel. The four men
now In Passalc County Jail charged with
a crime punishable by death are said to
have openly boasted of their conduct until
one of their victims succumbed.
One young woman has come forward to
denounce two of the pfisoners. while
other girls well known in the community
have told their stories in- confidence,
shrinking from publicity.
Reputable residents of Paterson have
been shocked by the revelations and the
entire community is profoundly stirred.
A great mass-meeting is proposed to
discuss the conditions and to denounce
the open tolerance of vice. Several promi
nent men have taken great Interest lif-tho
suggestion that: there should be such a
meeting, as they are eager for an oppor
tunity to express their views upon the
girl's murder and the- conditions that led
up to It. The main object of the meeting
will be to volce.public sentlmenfand to
prove that persons who are now circulat
ing in the city trying to palliate the crime
form but a small minority.- It Is certain
that no effort will, be spared to save the
accused men, whose families are -very
wealthy and influential, and , prelimin
ary attempts are already, apparent.
Young Woman Fastens
Other Crimes on Pat
erson Prisoners.
REVELATIONS
OF HORRIFYING
DEPRAVlTY
THREE of the five battleships to
be contracted for before the year
closes will be of the Virginia type,
wood sheathed and coppered, arid
will have a displacement of 15,000
tons on a draught of 24 feet. They will
be 100 tons less displacement. The size of
these ships, their speed, protection and
armament place them ahead of any bat
tleship in other navies and relegate the
hitherto huge ships of Italy to a place
well down in the list.
The improvements in our battleships
since the first three were planned ten
With 1900 tons in the bunkers and' a full
supply of stores and ammunition' the
displacement will exceed 16.200 tons on a
draught of about 26 feet. The water-line
belt, about 192 feet In length, is to be 11
inches to 8 inches thick and the casement
armor protecting the broadside guns Is to
be 6 Inches; the large turrets and bar
bettes 10 inches and the smaller turrets 6
inches. The main battery consists of four
12-inch, eight 8-inch and twelve 6-lnch
quick-fires, and the secondary battery in
cludes twelve 3-pounders, eight 1-pounders
and twelve other machine, field and auto
matic guns.
The -Virginia class will be 435 feet In
length, 76 feet 2',fc inches beam and carry
900 tons of coal on the normal draught.
years ago are certainly very remarkable
and scarcely generally recognized. The
speed, beginning with a demand for 15
knots, ha3 advanced uninterruptedly, until
now nothing less than 19 knots will
tlfe naval authorities. The 16J4-inch Har
veylzed armor of the Indiana is reduced
to 11 inches Krupp steel in the new ships,
and 12-inch high-powered rifles and quick
firing guns of 6-inch caliber take the place
of -13-inch turret guns and slow-firing 6
inch breech loaders. - ¦ .
As compared with the six ships of the
Formidable class building- in England, the
Virginia has about 160 tons more displace
ment on 2 feet 9 Inches less draught than
the Formidable and Is calculated to have
3000 more horsepower and one knot great
er speed thaji the British battleship. The
Formidable's main battery comprises four
12-inch and twelve 6-inch qulck-flrer3 and
the armor belt Is of Harvey steel, 2 inches
less maximum thickness. It thus appears
as if the Virginia Is an all around better
ship than the Formidable, and this Is as
It should be, for nothing less would sat
isfy this country. •
FRENCH EXPEDITION BACK
»- FROM SAHARA DESERT
and General Andre, Minister,
Receive the Explorers.
Representatives of President Loubet
BORDEAUX. Oct. 25. — An immense
crowd gave an enthusiastic welcome to
day to the officers and a number of the
men of the Foureau-Lamy expedition,
which returned from West Africa on
roarri the Ville de Pernambuco. after ac
complishing for the first time in French
colonial history a journey across the Sa
hara from Algotia to the French Congo.
The mission has achieved much valuable
scientific knowledge.
Representatives of President Loubet
and General Andre, Minister of War, re
ceived the members of the expedition, de
livered addresses and distributed decora
tions.
DESIGN OF NEW SISTER BATTLESHIPS VIRGINIA AND RHODE ISLAND.
. From the Navy Department Print. Reproduced for the First Time on This Coast.
11*. They are mad. Thrlr folly ras£**s descrip
tion. They are the usurpers of the land. They
•listurb our borders In all the provinces and
prefectures chapels have been opened and our
jieoplo are deceived, ripped open and difembow
(led. while the foreigners Brow fat on the reve
nues of fhlna. Insulting: our irfflcials aiHl mer
chant* anil seizinp our temples find "palaces.
The Emperor is indulgent and permits thl».
AVhn oun foretell the intention of the foreign
devils? Day by day they act more an>1 more
outrageously. When we observe the i>rr*ent
c<>n<Mtlon of affair? our hearts are bruised with
grief. Therefore we have organized our
Ftrensth to <lestroy the'devourinK wolf through
out the empire. • -'• ..-.
The Boxers took the American Pres
byterian mission buildings, b"i have not
destroyed them. /
The rebellion Is spreading n loner Kast
River and North River, in the provinc»
«'f Kwangs-i. It is supposed to be aimed
at the overthrow of the Mancnu dynasty,
but the reports an- so contradictory that
it is next to impossible to form a r lucid
Impression. In Canton the Chinese offi
cials are taking the Insurrection so light
ly that foreigners believe it will be vciy
diflloult to suppress.
REBELS BURN VILLAGES.
Thousands Reported Killed in a
Ssries of Battles.
HONGKONG. O»t. 25— The Governor of
Honckonp has been Informed that 400J
villagers in the Samtochuok-Kwaishin
district wore attacked by rebels at Pcn£
kok. The villagers were defeated and
2l*K> of them killed. The rebels, who lost
4'>O killed, burned two villages containing
3000 horses. A force of 2000 troops went to
t(ie assistance of the villagers and en
paged the rebels on October 22. No details
have been received. General Ho. witn
£i»0 troops, has returned to Wongkong-.
having- burned the villages of Schanchau
tin and Malantau.
Missionary Refugees Arrive.
SEATTLE, Oct. 25.— The Nippon Vusen
Kaisha. liner Kinshiu Maru arrived from
Japan to-day with Rev. and Mrs. V. Rel
nus and Rev. and Mn». S. Berpstrom and
two children, missionary refugees from
North China, aboard. The missionaries
w*?re far in the interior when, the riots
started and made their escape down the
Kangtse in houseboats.
Ti * haxe orguired to protect our country mad
our home* «nd we rely upon one another to
eupport the order to drive out the foreign dev-
Against Acts of "Foreign Devils."
HONGKONG. Oct. 25.-Adviees from
IJcnehau. on North River, gay that Amer
ican mission property there is threatened
with destruction by Boxers, who havo
posted the following proclamation:
In a Proclamation Boxers Protest
"Arrived at Maorhao October 11; 2300 Im
periaJe retreated betore us. One hundred sur
renderd. but an producing proofs that they had
been eent by Li Huns Chan* to suppress the
Boxers, released them with their arms."
MISSION PROPERTY IN DANGER
LONDON. Oct. 25.— The following dis
patch from General Gaselee. the com
mander of the troops at Paoting-Fu. has
been received by the Secretary of State
for India.. Lord George Hamilton:
PAOTIXO-FC, Oct. 20.— The allied troop*
under my commund «rri\-ed here yesterday.
British. French. German and Italian guards
have been ported at the gate*. To-day all
the g*ner&l£ v/ith small escdrt went through the
town, after which they arranged for the allot
ment of quarters for occupation. I shall keep
m.*» of the British In camp for the present.
Am wilting for orders from W&ldersee regard
ing thrir future dii>?o5itlor..
Most of the inhabitants remained in the city.
Th»re are no *lrns of hostility.
Mr.. Mr». and MIks Green and a child are
here, alter great Buffering. Many who escaped
death «ere handed over, October 16, to the
French force. Mr. Green lc in the hospital.
The ladies and the child are well.
Have received the following from Home-
Chinese Imperial Troops.
Tells of the Capture and Release of
It is believed her" that if the Emperor
phoulu return to Peking the success of
negotiations will be certain. Through the
British Embassy. Secretary Hay has re
ceJred the text of the Anglo-German
agreement communicated to the United
States a few days ago by Germany. The
Secr?tary~nas not yet submitted his an
swer, but will do so in a few days. Ac
companying the instrument was an ex
planation of Article III. -which, as an offi
cial salO. does not explain anything. It
merely reiterated Germany's declaration
that Article III is not a threat aimed at
¦ny power.
GENEEAL GASZI.EE REPORTS.
commissioners and an exchange of notes
relative to the return of the imperial
coyrt. The credentials were found to be
satisfactory, and in the negotiations for
permanent peace thev . will again be
scrutinized, tbis time by representatives
cf the European powers who are anxious
to pick flaws in them.
The powers will further discuss the pro
posals and Secretary Hay will strongly
urre their adoption.
Minister Conger htis completed the pre
liminary negotiations he was authorized
to enter into. These constituted an ex
amination of credentials of the Chinese
Other proposals. " before discussion by
the peace commissioners in Peking, will
have to be passed upon by the powers.
For instance, France suggested the. or
ganization in Peking: of a permanent
guard for tit* legations. The .United
States announced its inability to make
any permanent engagement In this re
spect. France also proposed the dis
mantling of the forts at Taku. to which
the President reserved a response, and
the military occupation of two or three
points on the road from Tientsin to Pe
king. The President declared he was un
able to commit the United States td" per
manent participation in puch occupation.
Russia suggested that in ras« of a pro
tracted divergence of views the question
of. Indemnity might be commended to the
international court of arbitration. The
United States and France accepted this
proposition, but all the powers have not
done so.
Return of the Emperor to Peking.
Karneft efforts to accomplish this result
have been made by Minister Conger and
representatives of other p° w <T9. but up
to this moment they have failed.
Renewal of the treaty relations with
China.
Punishment Dl the guilty parties who
may be designated by representatives of
the powers in Peking-. Tne C'hin«-se com
missioners have announced their gov
ernment's willingness to aumimster jus
lic».
Equitable indemnities for governments,
corporations and private individuals.
China has declared ner liability in mis
respect.
Aoolitlon of the Tsunp II Tamen and the
appointment of a Minister lor r ureign
Affair?. China has urged that the Tsu.ig
11 Yamen be permitted to resume its func
tions, out the powers are united in oppo
sition to this proposition.
Establishment ot en armistice and with
drawal of troop?. Thi? proposition has
been made by tne Chinese commissioners,
and Mr. Conger understands that the
L'nited States looks •nitn favor upon the
proposition. It is believed that Germany
nas given instructions to Count von Wal
der?ee to cease military operations, and it
is hoped' that all powers will agree to an
armistice. ¦ •
CALL BUREAU. . WELLINGTON' HO
TEL, WASHINGTON. Oct. 2S.*rNegotia
tions for the permanent settlement of
questions "in dispute between the powers
end CMwt are believed, to have' begun in
Peking. These negotiations have been
eommmced by Prince Ching" and.Li Hung
Chang representing China, and by the Mtn
isters resident in Peking representing the
powers. In compliance with the sugges
tio» of the Japanese Government, pre
sented to the United States throxigh Min
ister Takahira here and to other powers
by representatives of Japan, the plan of
sending fpedal commissioners to Peking
10 conduct negotiations was abandoned
and the Ministers accredited to China will
serve as peace representatives. »":
W. YV. Rockhill, special commissioner of
itae fnlted States in China, will act as ad
viser to Mr. Conger. Pro|K»sals which are
; ow under discussion include:
SPLENDID NEW BATTLESHIPS
TO BE BUILT FOR UNCLE SAM
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Proposals Under Discussion Include All the
Demands That Have Been Made
Upon China. -
PEACE NEGOTIATIONS
ARE BEGUN IN PEKING
¦ Large ijuantities of excellent smokeless
powder v.ere procured during the year
t rum private manufactories and the ne«r
battleships as well as the Atlanta hava
been supplied with it. while a. stock has
been accumulated for general issue.
Admiral O'Neill praises the double-tur
ret system, which he says is an unquali
fied success, so that many officers orig
inally opposed to the superimposed tur
rets nave changed their views.
The armor question is treated histori
cally in trie report and only the most con
ctse statement respecting the operations
of the year Is made, unaccompanied by
anv recommendation for the tuture. 1C
is t<aiu that the armor companies deliv
ered during the year 4S63 tons of armor,
leaving oniy 1437 tons to manufacture,
wnlch will be completed within sis
months. There remains to be contracted
for 3K.S10 tons.
Experiments having shown that th«
superiority of the Krupp armor is limited
to that above five inches In thickness, tha
bureau divided the armor to be contract
ed for into two classes, with a view to re
ducing the cost, bv allowing: the thinner
armor to be treated under ordinary pro
cesses.
Of the submarine boat Holland Admiral
O'Neill says that while the trial runs,
probably made under favorable condltlpr.y^
nave created a favorable tmpretwton, |: isJB
too early as yet to say much in regard to*
the practical utility for war purposes of
boats of this type. Undoubtedly tha
moral effect of their known or suspected
proximity will be considerable, but more
intimate knowledge of their qualities -will
be necessary before a correct estimate of
their military value can be made.
One of the appendices to Admiral
O'NeiH's report Is made by Lieutenant
Strauss. In command at the proving
grounds at Indian Head, where an explo
sion occurred last night. His remarks on
the* question of the stability of smokeless
powder are timely in view of one theory
that the explosion resulted from sbontan-*
eou» combustion of such powder. He says
In his report:
"In a new explosive the question of sta
bility is one that occupies the first place,
A sample of five-inch powder that had
been In a magazine of the Marblehead for
two years was recently tested In the prov
ing grounds. It does not show the least
deterioration In ballistic qualities, nor
does it give any evidence of having al
tered chemically. Another sample kept in
a magazine here for one year shows tqual
ly good results."
Admiral O'Neill Presents
His Annual Report to
the Department.
Much Progress Made and an In
creased Supply of Excellent Am
munition Has Been Received
and Distributed.
| WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— Rear Admiral
O'Neill, chief of ordnance, says that such,
progress has been made In hi3 work that
all of the puns will be ready for the ships
now buildjng when they are complete. An
increased supply of all kinds of ammuni
tion* has been accumulated and larg«
quantities sent to the Asiatic station.
Next year will rhow an unusually larga
number of finished guns turned out.
Promising results have been obtained
with an eight-Inch gun in which tha
breech plus Is conical, surrounded by a
continuous screw thread which locks per
fectly with one pull of the lever. This*,
pun has been tired six shots per minuie^
an extraordinary accomplishment for a,
gun of this heavy character. It la rec
ommended that the Baltimore's battery
be modernized while she ia being over
hauled Vo as to Rive her twelve 6-inet*
naval rifles and a good secondary battery.
ALL BIG GUNS
FOR BATTLESHIPS
WILL BE READY
CONSTANTINOPLE. Oct. 23.— During a
wedding ceremony last Sunday at Argy
rokastro. In Epirus, the floor collapsed,
with the result that thirteen persona wera
killed and forty others Injured.
Floor Collapses During the Merry
making and the Festivities Are
Sadly Interrupted.
THIRTEEN. TOT/TiTTO AT
>A, WEDDING CEREMONY
dentlal agent for Caldwell & Smith, cot
ton brokers of Memphis, Tenn., was ar
rested here to-day and charged with tha
embezzlement of $32,000. Snapp is said to
have lost large sums of money on various
outside enterprises, and is also said toi
have lost heavily on the races.
BR0KER ARRESTED ON A
CHARGE OF EMBEZZLEMENT?
Allegations Made That C D. Snapp
of Chicago Bobbed Cotton
brokers of $32,000.
CHICAGO, Oct. 25.— C. D. Snapp. confl-
.Those who are fond of traveling (and who la
not) will hall with delight the news of a direct
steamship route to Tahiti. This charming lar..»
has until now been accessible only by slow
sailing vessels, but on November 1st the popu
lar tteamship Australia will sail direct, mk-
Ins the trip in 10>» days. A reduced round
trlp rate has been made (or the first trip. Call
at 643 Market street for sailing Ust. -.:.*.
Papeete the Beautiful.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1900.
Saved by His Dogs.
RIVERSIDE, Oct. 25. — Jerry Sanders.' a
well-known rancher residing at Armada,
this county, was attacked by a vicious
bull on last Tuesday evening and received
injuries that for a time were thought to
be serious. Mr. Sanders, who Is 74 years
of age, went Into a pen to feed the bull,
when it attacked him. The old man's
loud cries attracted the attention of his
six dogs. They jumped into the pen and
succeeded in driving the beast away, thus
saving Sanders from death.
MONTREAL. Oct 25.— Advices *rrom
Valley Field received here to-night state
that a conflict has occurred there be
tween strikers and the militia. Eight sol
diers and fifteen strikers were injured,
two soldiers and one striker probably
fatally.
About a hundred militiamen were
called out to-day to preserve order at the
Valley Field cotton mills, where there has
been ah intermittent strike due to vari
ous causes all the year. When to-night's
news was received another detachment of
200 militia left Montreal for Valley Field.
Two Soldiers and One Work
man May Die as Result
of Wounds.
STRIKERS IN
SHARP CONFLICT
WITH MILITIA
Stops the Cough
Ahd: •works Off the cold. » Laxative Brotno-Qul
nfne Tablets curt a. cold in one day. No cure.
o$ pay. Price 23 cent*. •
¦.-.¦¦ i- ¦--".-; . \ ¦'
Secretary Gage Speaks.
2
THE CONTRACT
ARMY SURGEONS
.WASHINGTON, Oct. , 23.— In - the
case of; W. H. Block and seventeen
other "acting assistant surgeons of
the s .Unlted: States army the Comp
troller r of the Treasury.; has ; held
thata contract- surgeon Is neither
an offlcer.nor an enlisted man; and
Is not entitled to the 10 per cent In
crease in pay under the act of May
26, 1900. •' . * v-:--;
(CHAS. KEILUS & CO.)
ETEIN-BLOCH CO.'S
CELEBRATED
- • GOOD- CLOTHES.
NEW FALL STYLES
READY-TO-PUT-ON.
Exclusive. >
High-Grade
Clothiers
HACKETT, CARHART & CO.'g
NEW YORK'S
CELEBRATED
STYLISH CLOTHES.
FALL FASHIONS
READY-THE-MOMENT-
YOU-WANT-THEM. ' '
PARAGON - PANTS ''¦--.
OX SALE ONLY HERE. wV.
\T) KEARNY ST,
; 1 vL T H U RLO W. BLOCK,
i "Faultless Day Shirts." ;
m Men have slept in "Faultless" nightshirts all over the United
hi States for manv years past. Now the same company >f that made £
m these shirts are makine what they call a "Day Shirt Here u
Hi the picture of it; and a swell shirt it is. too. The material : is j
H very wearable. andHhe making necessarily is first-clas3 in every f-
[g particular. In fact r it represents the perfection of art in shirt-
JS making. Thev come in" white bodies, with combination stnoe £
$| down the center of the bosom and on the ed«e of the cuffs: the I
H colors of the stripes are pink, blue, lavender and black.
|3 See the shirts in our vestibule show windows at the entrance B
m on Market street. This is the first time that these shirts. hav« *m
|| b een shown on this coast Price » . ¦ -•'_ ._ £1
,B Out-of-iown orders filled— write us. N HTHE MAGNIFICENT PILE NEAR BRUSSELS. IN WHICH THE FORMER
RULER OF THE TRANSVAAL WILL FIND ALL THE COMFORTS
OF HIS PRETORIA HOME.
liny 'VCalf; Born.
: PETALUMA.-.Oct:; 23.— A ; calf ; weighing
Just ' eleven • pounds .was born " on * the Wal
lace : Gale ¦ ranch ; near, here, yesterday. - It
Is perfectly formed and sturdy..
LOS ANGELES. ,. Oct. 25.— The City
Board , of . Education has ' filed ,' with the
City Clerk 'a; petition addressed to the
Council asking that an election be < called
for: voting upon the issuance of $220,000
school bonds to take the place of the' issue
recently ; declared ' '. .. ¦ ;, ,-' ...
Bond Election Proposed.
Mr. Worcester, recites atrocities recently
committed by hostile ; Filipinos upon
friendly natives, : and : concludes: "I am
glad to report. that there are now a very
considerable number of. provinces whore
pacification is present; and * civil govern
ment will '. be established - In ! the ; neur fu
ture.'" '"'¦ f
We know absolutely from captured corre
spondence that . this desperate effort to keep
up a show of resistance is being made only In
the hope I of influencing the election at home,
and - important insurgent leaders like Sandico
Bay that unless Bryan is elected ¦ or the war
In China draws troops from these islands, they
will give up their useless efforts In November.
I, ¦ therefore. '¦ do not look for any general im
provement in' the situation' until after the
Presidential election, but . -with that - out of the
way, I expect to see a speedy change for the
better. At present the insurgents are resorting
to that last resort of a falling cause, : wholesale
assassination.' :
Conditions were improving here rapidly up
to the time Bryan was nominated and began
to talk in public. .The result of the announce
ment of his policy, in regard . to the Philip
pines was to put a stop to the Important sur
renders* which were steadily being made under
the ternu of the amnesty, and to bring: about
renewed hostilities through tho worst districts
here in Luzon. " •' - ¦ ¦ ', • - ' ' . -. ¦
DETROIT, Mich., Oct. 25.— A special to
the Tribune from Ann Arbor says: Re
gent Dean of the University of Michigan
bus received a letter from Dean C.
Worcester, a member of the United States
Commission In the Philippines, which is
in part as follows:
Bryan's Election.
Filipinos Hoping Against Hope for
HOLDINQ OUT- TILL NOVEMBER,
¦ VISALIA.' Oct. .25.— Hon. J. C. Needham,
O. Z. Hubbell and J. J.i Cairns spoke at
a Republican meeting in this city. to-night.
Armory Hall was packed to the doors, 'c
Republicans at Visalia.
Democrats at Pasadena.
PASADENA, Oct. : 25. '— Ex-Senator
Stephen M. White, former Governor Shel
don and John, T. -Wilson, candidate for the
Assembly from the Seventieth District
addressed a large Democratic audience at
the Wigwam .to-night. :-¦'¦¦
" LONDON. Oct. : 25.— The- five hundredth
anniversary, of the death of Chaucer was
commemorated, to-day .by the unveihns
by the poet laureate. Alfred Austin, of a
memorial window \ in the Church of St
Saviour, Southwark, adjoining the old
Tabord Inn, whence the poet started on
his pilgrimage- to Canterbury.
Honor Chaucer's Memory.
Hall was associated with Attorneys
Cross, Tlrev L. Ford and Frank P. Kelly
in San Francisco. He lost over 100 pounds
in. weight during his long fast.
On September 22 he was found by Frank
Etenson and Jack O'Brien, who were out
hunting. They forced food between his
lips and as soon as he was able to travel
they conveyed him to Teller City, where
he now is. t.-r--- •
On July 17 he became separated from his
two companions and was unable to retrace
his steps to a settlement. He had but a
few crackers and a pound of bacon with
him. These were soon exhausted and he
subsisted on edible roots and berries until'
his strength left him and he finally lay
down to die. , ,
SEATTLE, Oct. 25.— Attorney James A.
Hall of 214 McAllister, street, San Fran
cisco, who was lost 'for sixty-seven days
in the mountains back of Nome, has been
found and is now ' rapidly regaining his
health.
Francisco, Who Was Lost for
Many Weeks.
Suffering's of Attorney Hall of San
ALMOST STAHVED ON
THE NOME TITNDBA
The speech of Mr. Woods was one of
the grandest expositions of the Repub
lican cause and arraignments of Bryanism
that has been heard on the rostrum In
this town for years and did much to
strengthen the cause of Republicanism in
Amador County. Fred L. Stewart, can
didate for the Assembly, also delivered
a telling address.
?
SUTTER CREEK, Oct. 25.— Ths Repub
licans of Amador County were thoroughly
aroused by the magnificent showing at
Jackson last night in honor of the can
didate for Congress in the Second Dis
trict and at midday to-day a vast .ihrong
of miners and others assembled at the
town of Amador City- and were addressed
at length by Mr. Woods and Fred L.
Stewart, candidate for the Assembly,. on
the political issues of- the day. The cen
tral meeting of the county held at thld
town to-night was peceded by a torch
light procession, fifty of the participants
in which came over from Amador after
dark lighted by their torches.
at Sutter Creek.
Tendered an Ovation by Republicans
WOODS SPEAKS IN AMADOE.
SAN DIEGO Oct. 25.— Rev. d. L. Mc-
Causland a'ddressed a largo crowd on the
plaza to-night on the subject of the anti
saloon ordinance. This campaign is be
coming as Important and is occupying as
much time as those of the regular politi
cal parties. ¦ "¦•'' •• r* ¦ v ;
Anti-Saloon '. Bally.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 25.— At a Repub
lican" rally next Saturday night at Haz
ard's Pavilion Senators Bard and Perkins
and Attorney General TireyL." Ford will
be the principal speakers. Arrangements
have been made for a large meeting, after
which a reception will be tendered the dis
tinguished visitors.
Bard and Perkins Will Speak.
TRUCKEE. Oct. 25.— The Republican
meeting this evening was a grand success
In every way. The eloquence of Samuel
M. Ehortrldge brought out tbe populace
and aroused a large amount of e'nthu
siasm. The audience that gathered at the
hall was so large that when the speaker
arrived standing room only was to be had.
Mr. Shortridge was Introduced by Coun
ty Central Committeeman Joseph Marzen
Jr. After telling about his working in the
gravel mines of Nevada County the
speaker took up the issues of the day.
A special train was run from- the. FJorls
ton pulp and paper mill, which brought
about fifty people.
Mass-Me«ting at Truckee.
VALLEJO. Oct. 23.— William R. Davis,
candidate for Elector,' spoke here to
night before the local McKinley and
Rooeevelt Club. Bands of music played
national airs and rockets and red fire lit
up the sky, while the crowds cheered en
thusiastically as the speaker was escort
ed to the Farragut Theater by the Span
ish War Veterans' Republican Club. On
his arrival at the theater xxavis was
cheered as he took his Beat upon tha
stage. Many converts to Republicanism
are claimed by the local club as a result
of to-night's speech. The president of
the evening was Charles Ben Butler, a
prominent member of the Wax Veterans'
Republican Club.
Davis Speaks at Vallejo.
Delmas spoke for nearly three hours.
The local situation was first taken up.
The various national questions were next
touched upon. National conditions were
dark. The nation waa dominated by com
mercialism and the trusts were carrying
things their own way. The Philippines
were of little use to us. lie said exports
and business with them had increased,
but It principally was army supplies and
beer and liquors consumed by the soldiers
that had made the showing.
As Mr. Delmas was eulogizing J. H.
Henry, the Congressional candidate, Dan
Ryan, night watchman at the courthouse,
created a sensation by shouting, "Yes,
that's the kind of a man we want: he was
the first to cut wages to $150 in Santa
Clara County." Ryan was ejected.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 25.— A larpe Democrat
ic rally was held at the Auditorium this
evening at which D. M. Delmas was the
principal speaker. The place was crowd
ed with an enthusiastic audience. A pa
rade of the Bryan Battalion preceded the
meeting. Owen D. Richardson was chair
man.
Trusts and Commercialism.
Says the Nation Is Dominated by
DTTLTVTAS SPEAKS AT SAN JOSE.
The council adopted a resolution re
questing the general convention to give
the house of bishops permission to con
secrate bishops for the islands that have
come under the protection of the United
States. n
A pointed debate was precipitated by
Bishop Brook of Oklahoma introducing a
resolution which was voted down provid
ing that the board of managers foj- mis
sions return to all missionary dioceses the
withheld 20 per cent of the allotment
which the board of managers decided last
May to take away from the missionary
dioceses by decreasing It 20 per cent each
year for five years.
The letter concluded by saying that at
the present time "they were all cheering
for Emperor William, who seemed to be
the only man who had the courage to
take a firm stand for the rights of the
Europeans In China.'.'
He continued by charging that Minister
Wu at Washington had done much harm
and accusing him of plausible •misrepre
sentations.
"And the Americans," the letter added,
"se«m to delight to believe him."
Bishop Partridge of Japan read a letter
from the Episcopal Bishop of Shanghai,
in which the following occurred:
"What we feel worst about la the ut
terly weak attitude of the United States.
If we had only our own country to de
pend on we should have been in a bad
way, for I believe they would make peace
at any price. And think of accepting Li
Hung Chang as peace negotiator after he
said to Consul Goodnow that so long as
the Ministers were safe the lives of tho
missionaries were of no account!"
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. Oct. 25.— The fir3t
business of the third and last day's ses
sion of the Missionary Council of the
Episcopal church was the adoption of a
resolution striking out the word "foreign" 1
from the title of the official missionary
organization-
Bishop of Shanghai Would
Not "Turn the Other
Cheek" to Chinese.
FAVOR ATTITUDE
OF THE KAISER
In a voluminous complaint Dexter says
he was brought to Montana to go to work
on some of the paperswhich were to be es
tablished by r the Standard Oil "and .'Amalga
mated Copper companies for the purpose
of changing the political sentiment of the
State and electing, two United States Sen
ators who would represent the Standard
Oil Company in the Senate. He alleges
that he was taken into' the confidence of
the promoters of the scheme and that he
was told that the corporations had set
aside $1,000,000 for the purpose of working
up sentiment favorable .to the Standard
Oil and Amalgamated companies, alleged
to be represented by the Republican party.
Dexter, came to Montana in accordance
with an agreement, he says, and left his
"reasonably remunerative" Job to work
for the Standard Oil papers at J23 a week,
but he had been here only a few weeks
when he was discharged, and for that rea
son he wants $5000 damages. He also al
leges that ex-Senator Lee Mantle, who
owns the Evening Inter-Mountain in
Butte, was induced to enter into an al
liance with the Standard Oil and Amalga
mated companies, by which they were to
dictate the policy of his paper in the in
terest of the corporations and for the
election of two Senators to represent
them. Dexter left the city for the East
as soon as the complaint had been filed in
court.
BUTTE, Mont., Oct. 25.— A sensational
suit was brought In the District Court to-
for apparent political effect in the In
terest of the Clark Democratic fusion
party by Newton R. Dexter, who claims
to be a newspaper reporter from St. Paul,
where he formerly worked for the News
at a "reasonably remunerative salary."
He sues the Helena Record, the Standard
Oil Company, the Amalgamated Copper
Company, C. M. Schultz and Samuel
Wharton, the latter two managers of the
Record and Great Falls Leader, for $50CO
damages.
Suit Filed Against Standard
Oil and Copper
Companies.
ALLEGED PLOT OF
CORPORATIONS
A recent dispatch from Brussels read: "Transvaal Delegate Fischer, accom
panied by one of Dr. Leyds' secretaries ai:d a reception committee, yesterday
visited the castle which has been offered as a residence to President Kruger.
The party admired the Gothic rooms and comfortable modern appointments, and
will recommend it to the ¦ ex-President on his arrival. Monks built the castle
about the year 700, and King Leopold I slept in the room designed for Oom Paul.'.'
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— That Southern
Pacific affairs are soon to be readjusted,
as was made necesasry by the death of
Collis P. Huntington, is indicated by the
fact that the new president for the
company has been practically decided
upon. The man who will be elected to
that position, unless some new compli
cation arises, is H. E. Huntington,
nephew of the late president, whose can
didacy has been so vigorously opposed.
Rumors that William K. Vanderbilt
had recently accfuired large holdings of
Southern Pacific." securities were circu
lated in Wall . street to-day and were
Beemingly well authenticated. That Mr.
Vanderbilt aims to control the property,
was denied by Southern Pacific interests,
but among so-called "Vanderbilt inter
ests" it was not denied that he and his
friends are now interested in the road to
a greater or lesser extent.
The rumor, as it spread, was enlarged,
according to Wall street habit, and be
fore the close of the market it was whis
pered that Mr. Vanderbilt had purchased
the Huntington holdings of the Southern
Pacific and was immediately to tak»:
control of the property. The improba
bility of this made denials of it unneces
sary. But that Mr. Vanderbilt may
hereafter have a voice in Southern Pa
cific affairs is not at all Improbable, and
to the Wall street view hia recent pur
chases of stock, coming In conjunction
with E. H. Harrlman's appearance as a
factor in the Pacific Mall Steamship
Company, are highly significant.
Mr. Vanderbilt's plans for ¦ a great
trans-Atlantic line are generally believed
In, and Wall street regards E. H. Harri
man's position as the real executive of
the Union Pacific system to be indicative
of Vanderbilt'fl control there.
for the Presidency.
H. E. Huntington Said to Be Slated
PEACTICALLY DECIDED TJPON.
It is believed by practical railway man
agers that with the Southern Pacific
Railway system under a direct Vander
bilt control there will be at once a com
plete disposition of most of those elements
which hitherto have been Interfering with
far Western and Southwestern traffic
rates. ,
"Vanderbilt control of the Southren Pa
cific," declared one authority yesterday,
"will produce actual revolution in South
western railroad business. We will have
fair dealing. Secret rate cutting will stop.
Instead of deception, secret cuts, disturb
ances, losses and reprisals we can have
profits. In American railway financiering
nothing during the past twenty years has
been of so much consequence as the pos
sibility that William K: Vanderbilt takes
over the SouthernPaciflc ; and puts it upon
a level with the Union Pacific, Chicago
and' Northwestern and' New "iork Cen
tral." -. i ,
Acquiring control of the great South
ern Pacific . system (approximately 8000
miles) Is an accomplishment which makes
relatively insignificant the recent taking
over by the New York" Central of the
Boston and Albany property.
Within the past week Wall street be
came excited over the discovery that con
trol of Mr. Huntington's Pacific, Mail
property had passed to E. H. Harriman
and his associates, including James J.
Hill and W." K. Vanderbilt. Explanations
given much currency have aimed to rep
resent that only Mri Harriman had be
come controller, that Mr. Hill's interesc
and Mr. Vanderbllt's Interests were rela
tively insigniiicant.
However this may be, it is certain that
in the Southern Pacific deal (whereby
Vanderbilt interests will control) the cor
poration of the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company can be of vast interest. Aside
from the Vanderbilt ambition to estab
lish and maintain a transportation line
from the Atlantic coast at New York to
San Francisco and thence to the Far
East (made practicable by the New
York Central, Northwestern, Union Pa
cific and Pacific Mall), the taking over of
the Southern Pacific is an accomplish
ment greater than any other coalition
hitherto forecast.
The control of the Southern Pacific sys
tem, it can now be said, has now been ob
tained by American linancial interests not
hitherto identified with the property.
Conspicuous in the syndidate obtaining
the new control are "William K. Vander
bilt, E. H. Harriman, James J. Hill,:Nor
man B. Ream and James Speyer, the lat
ter, as the associate of Mr. Huntingdon,'
having been conspicuously Influential in
the direction of the company's affairs for
years past. ¦ •' ;
The death of Mr. Huntington brought
about a complete change In the situation.
The personal equation disappeared. . A
German syndicate, bidding for a large
block of the stock In September, was not
without encouragement that its bid .would
be accepted for 100,000 shares en. bloc at
an average of $42. per .share. For. reasons
which on a business • basis were consid
ered .satisfactory both here and atrLon
don,« however, the, bid for this 100,000
shares was rejected.
Negotiations aiming at this accomplish
ment were begun two years ago, but were
summarily disposed of by C. P. Hunting
ton. The property was' his, he said, and,
owning it, he proposed to keep it. k ' He
wanted no alliances which could to any"
extent make him dependent upon inter
ests other, than those for which he,him-
self stood. Thus important deals to which
New York, London and Berlin houses had
committed themselves were disposed of.
the Southern Pacific system.
NEW YORK. Oct. 26.— The Times says:
The V'anderbilts have obtained control of
¦'. * ¦ — • —
E. H. Harriman, James J. Hill, Nor
man B. Beam and James
Speyer in the Syndicate
Making the X>eal.
Negotiations 'Were Checked
by C. P. Huntington
Two Years Ago.
VANDERBILTS GET
CONTROL OF TBE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
PLACERVILLE, Oct. 25.— One of the
largest political meetings of the present
campaign was addressed by Hon. George
A. Knight at Sigwart's Opera-house in
this city to-night. Judge Fred Adams
presided over the meeting. Mr. Knight
waa at his best to-night and for over two
hours held bis large and enthusiastic au
dience with a masterly address on the ls
euea of the campaign.
Bally at Placerville.
The speaker spoke of trusts and asked
the people to consider them as a practical
thing, and said the only anti-trust law on
the Federal statute books was formulated
by that patriot whose eyelids have Just
closed in death. John Sherman.
The meeting closed •with three cheers for
Shortridge, McKinley and Roosevelt. Four
years ago this county gave Bryan over
MO majority, but it probably will give Mc-
Kinley a majority this year.
GRASS VALLEY, Oct. 25.— The most suc
cessful political meeting of this campaign
was that addressed by S. M. Shortridge
last right at Salvation HalL Fully S00 peo
ple were crowded within and nearly as
many more w ere turned away. There was
much enthusiasm manifested. For two
hours the speaker held his audience. He
esM In part: *-
"Those traveling statesmen who strive
to rise by quoting the words of that il
lustrious Republican statesman, Abraham
Lincoln, have taken forty years to
learn the worth of the words of the dead,
and twenty years from now the regener
ated Democracy will give Its thanks to
God for the administration of William
McKinley." .
Addresses an Enthusiastic Audience
in Salvation HalL
SH0ETEIDGE AT GRASS VALLEY.
SAX BERXARDLNO. Oct. 25.-The op
era-house was crowded to Its fullest ca
pacity and hundreds were turned away at
the meeting to-night when John Barrett
and Senator Perkins addressed the people.
Judge C. X. Damron, president of the
Army and Navy Republican League, in
troduced John Barrett as the first speak
er. He described Siam as a wonderful
country, with a King who was the great
est statesman of all tne Asiatic rulers.
When leaving the King said to him:
""When you go back to America tell the
American people that I. as an Asiatic
monarch, and all the rulers of Asia wel
efcme American government as the beat
and most liberal in the world."
Speaking of Senator Perkins, he paid
h^m a high compliment, saying that May
or Pbelan would make a poor showing
rattling around In Perkins" shoes in the
Senate, and he hoped Perkins would live
long to defend the rights of California in
the Senate. Then he spoke of the Fili
pinos and other Asiatic nations as only
favoring Bryan that they might unload
their mass of cheap silver on this country.
He described Aguinaldo as tricky, wlly
«-nd treacherous, and as being sustained
In hopes of winning by circulars pent from
the Lnited States. The circulars, he said,
were sent by emissaries of Bryan. He
described at length the Filipino situation,
earing that "the Pacific Coast has every
thing to gain and nothing to lose by the
re-election of President McKinley, and
has nothing to gain and may suffer im
measurably by the election of Mr. Bryan.
The policy of President McKinley in the
Philippines and the Far East means a
greater and grander future for the com
monwealth of California and means the
development of this State's golden oppor
tunities." ,
Mr. Barrett Is a rapid speaker, a good
orator and he made the speech of. the
campaign for effect. He was followed by
Senator Perkins, who spoke ably and
earnestly of the various issues at stake,
touching on finance, imperialism and ex
pansion. This was the best meeting of
the Republican campaign thus far.
Social D!«r*tch to The Call.
Speak of the Sympathy Be
tween Bryanites and
Aguinaldo.
Present Issues of the Campaign and
Enthusiastically Received
by the People of San
Bernardino.
PERKINS AND
BARRETT STIR UP
THE SOUTHRONS
THE SA,N FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1900.
Castle Built: Ten Centuries Ago Will House
the Illustrious Exile.
BIG BELGIAN PALACE
FOR YOUR OOM PAUL
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHAT PEOPLE SAY.
Za Hot What Slakes a Bexaedy
Valuable.
Testimonials are good things and we
are always glad to get them, but they
don't make our remedy ajiy better.
Btuart'B Dyspepsia Tablets are pood be-
cause they do good— because they cure.
Testimonials simply prove that the Tab-
lets have helped other people, but It's
yourself you are most Interested In, and
whether they will cure you Is the ques-
tion.
It Is very easy to find out— try them.
A full package %iosts but fifty cents at
your druggist's. 3"hey are worth that If
they only help you a little bit. The chance
Is worth taking at the price,
We put It on that basis because you
don't know about the tablets. If you
knew as much about them as we do you
would have complete confidence; this ad-
vertisement would be unnecessary. We
have seen them cure the worst cases of
stomach trouble. Cases of long standing
and obstinacy, cases that other medicines
and even high priced doctors had failed
to subdue.
Here are some testimonials. If you
; care to read them we have thousands of
them: • •¦
Rev. J. R. Hoar of Wraore, Nebraska,
writes: For six years I have been
troubled with dyspepsia. Last fall I be-
came very much alarmed at some symp-
toms of heart trouble and came to be-
lieve there was a sympathetic relation
between the two diseases, or rather, that
the stomach trouble was the cause of the
heart disturbance. I hit upon Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets for a remedy and in-
vested a dollar and a half for three boxes,
which lasted me three months, and I can
eat any kind of food I want and have
a good vigorous appetite. Although I am
77 years old. I now feel perfectly well,
and without being requested by any one
I make this statement as a compliment to
• the virtues of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
Mrs.Lydla Bartram of Assyria. Mich.,
wrftes: I have suffered from stomach
trouble for ten years and five different
doctors gave me only temporary relief.
A Mr. E. R. Pare advised me to try
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, and four
boxes did me more permanent benefit than
all the doctor's medicines that I have
• ever taken.
We honestly believe that Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets are the best medicine ever
made for the cure of stomach troubles. I
r>on't mistake our meaning. We don't
claim item to cure anything but dyspep-
• ela and stomachic disorders. Just the one
thing Is what they are made lor, but
thr<« on«* thinp Is the cause— the starting
p Jnt of nearly all the sickness in the
V Use Stuart's Tablets regularly. Keep
your stomach right and you can never be
sick,
§\1M, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
yran by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
•worst cases In old • and young:
arising from effect* of Bclf-
abuse. dleelpation. excesses or
cIparette-Bmoklng. Cure* Loit
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Potrrr. Nlpht l«oe«e», Iniiom-
tia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back,'
>.'ervou« Dehlllty. Headache, L'cfltnesi to Mar-
' *} . Lot 1 of Sfrcen, pm, Varieocele or Ccn-
•ifpatlon. Stop* N« *3 83 nous Twitching-
«f Eyelids. Effect* Immediate.
Impart vl^or and *»*-•¦ **» potency to every
function. I>on*t get despondent; a cure Is at
I.i»n<J. Restore* email, undeveloped orgrans.
Stimulates the brain and r.erve centers; 50c a
bosj 6 for $2 50 by mall. A ¦written jruarantee to
ture or money refunded with « bexe*. Circulars
f Tf*. Address HISHOP REMEDT CO.. 40 Ellis
cr.. Ken Fruidico, CaL. GRANT DRUO.CO.,;
-. and 40 Tblrd «. ¦- - .—.•^'J
'¦'•'. "*/" .', * ' '"_"___ ADVEltTISEMENTS. \. .
Commencing this morn- iliill^
ing we will have an over- SM
coat sale, which will last iiPiib
oralyforafewdays. You will te^F
profit by this sale becau.se tL^sl^k
of the values given and be- J^s^m^^
cause it comes along just
.when-you are; thinking of ; MWUKS^ '
¦buying a new overcoat for*. | ill |!|fi!||\
¦the season. Rarely does a 1|||hHWk
'special-sale, occur when tfie j j f |k , § U $ j| ji|| I \
article is actually needed— « lilifil! Illii
spheres; your f 'ha^^^
make the most of it. .
;The overcoats are all made by union ¦ j|Ci iMHlw^^Sfilr
labor— you know, then, that the making is «(!/!( [, K | ||kBSSwt|/
excellent ; the fashionable weaves of the J I !!¦ h| fflifffi|if)|l//
season'are represented and the range of ¦ I, I I I 1 \\\\ f,| nj ; !;](&!! j|ip
prices appeals to everv cne, whatever he El ViH | i ijj | ||iwj[l
wishes to pay; all sizes from 33 to 44 — |. r | yPr ; | j jjj 1 | mmk ' 1
¦about everybody can be fitted. jl || I jjj 1 1||| l|
Every overcoat is guaranteed — if -you | j Ijj illjuU HljljffiSMl
are not pleased with it we will return Ijjj j j ;l ,|n|lj U'WllU
your money; if you keep the coat we I , • [j ; | j|j, jj j|j fo |j 111
keep it in perfect repair free. M V j M j 1 || SIR
You couldn't ask for a better guaran- <^^
tee than this — could you ? . • % |t|j| ifm f^sif
Here is one of the best values of the t ' ||| || |Mll
sale : Black kersey overcoat with velvet * ' SB || !|| Bs!f|
collar, and good quality of farmer satin B| Iff tm IjS
lining, sewed throughout with sik : iliif (1131
length, to the knee; regularly sold here ill SI rJLi
for $10.00; now on sale at the special ' * ifj .. Ira f
' Black worsted cheviot Blue kerseys and oxford Blue and brown kersey Blue and jn"ay kerseys,
overcoats, well made and gray cheviots, some with
lined; length, to the knee, velvet, collars; length, to 'ars; length, to the knee; . ers;
. . . ; swell, stylish coats. Gray oxford cheviots
> i-» • *t, — t,,^»« tne Knee. Gray cheviot overcoats and dark oxford grays.
coverts in tnree snanes, Tjm coverts and othcr with or w i t hout velvet coiv knee length.
tan, brown and olive, box , . . ., , . , lars. Coverts, box style, eight
V 1 ov V Tan coverts, English fashionable shades,
style, worth $12.00, now coat> except j onal values; whipcords and trray and The popular Raelans in
the price of either is „-•,.,., , black clay, worsteds. • dark shades of gray.
pnccs are Any of these are , . Any of these
$7.50 $8.50 and $10 . $12.50 $15.00
Boys' Clothing
Below are mentioned some rather cheap suits "for boys. We have taken a lot of suits —
some one hundred and fifty in number. — and marked them down from $1.50 to 95c a suit; we
have done this merely to popularize the
department. It is best to come early, '
Jpp^^k as the suits cannot remain long at the . i^PsisS^
(*^Tfl!>i5) One of the values is a two-piece suit rf? "^ *j?/
NL\Jv^.*~i' . as pictured on the left; they come in • \ f
¦ V^~> i l tw0 P atterns » different shades of brown \*msS^i
v€^iljjL mixtures; ages, 8 to 14 years; worth .>^l^y^yy
awl ™ I law! The other value is a middy suit - !lke li$fm\ 1 Pw^'l; ! A
ifml !!! W|lB Si!! f the right-hand picture; they come in ll MJff } I \IM I » /hj\\
WSSILS TOlSM S^^ blue red braid Uimmings, H} E* ' »lM Wi
\fiBliilfiPiffl and brown mixed cheviot with light ii ijlln $S1JI]»if Sly
tWll fliilU ten very nea>t P a " erns » in figures! T&^iipl Vi! jl
II1SI -ill I! ¦ stripes and plaids; new style' turned- ff wKfj \j |'H
\Hsif 4 '-^""^*^ McKinley and Roosevelt or Bryan and VESti /^^ -^^rW^
'^Br Stevenson caps for boys free with every ' /^jsJfHr*--^
purchase in this department. \ <i>^"
' ' s. '¦¦ ' -
We fill all mail orders promptly and carefully. We hare one department whose only
work is to fill out-of-town orders and correspond with these customers. We would be
pioased to have your name on our mailing list
- - & ¦ ¦ ¦ *while a photographer "took a shot."
Miss Tatsch possesses a remarkably
cool head, nerves like iron and. a grace
and athletic training that make such
poses possible. • Her latest feat has only
once been equaled, and that was by a
Stanford athlete, who stood on his head
on the same rock. He was well in from
the edge, however.
JUST 3200 FEET pF THIN AIR SEPARATE THE YOUNG LADY ON THE
ROCK PROM THE SOFTEST SPOT IN THE YAWNING ABYSS BB
NEATH. ' : " L
Phelps, pioneer residents of this county,
celebrated their sixtieth wedding anniver
sary at their home In this city to-day. He
is 81 years old and she Is 78. Both were
born in. New York, in which State they
were married. A score of children, grand
children ' and great-grandchildren were
present. - ,*»
Sunday-School Workers Meet
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 23.— The tenth an
nual ' convention : of : the ,- Southern * Califor
nia Sunday School Association opened' this
evening - in ° the r First ; Baptist * Church
Bishop . Joseph Johnson /> delivered = s the
opening address and Rev. 1 E. A: Healy re
sponded.-<¦; The ; convention :. will * be ? In ses
sion the -remainder of ,:thls .week.- -.-¦-,- ;
PHOENIX. Ariz.,* Oct. 25.— The Govern
ment is preparing to relieve the suffering
of the drought-stricken Indians In the
Sacaton reservation, and several carloads
of rations will leave in a : few • day a « and
will be distributed.
'¦-.. * ' - ------
LOS AXGELES. Oct. 25.-Owing to the
illness of President C. D. Willard, the
Good Roads Convention was this morning
called to order by Vic^ President Geo,rge
F. Holbrook of San Bernardino. The first
paper was read by T. F. White of Chlno
on "Oiled Roads and the Benefit."
His paper was the feature of the ses
sion. A year ago we commenced sprink
ling our roads with oil in San Bernardino
County," said Mr. White. "Three applica
tions were made during the season. This
spring we made but one application, using
a hundred to a hundred and fifty barrels
to the mile, tho oil being applied as hot
as Ross-ible— f rom 200 degrees up. The
roads treated are dustless, wear splendid-*
ly and resemble bitumen-surfaced roads.
"In my own. town. of Chino we selected
for experiment a sandy road, which we
surfaced with clayey gravel. After grad
ing, eoaking with water and rolling hard,
oil was put on and the result Is a road,
which is hard and smooth and shows no
appreciable Wear after a year's hard
. Mr. White was followed by J/L.- Maude.
Highway Commissioner of California, who
delivered a short address and concluded &
general discussion.
E. C. Crane read a paper on "Road Im
provement and Sprinkling." : A. P. Griffith
and O. W. -Longden read papers respec
tively on "Model Road Building in Azusa
Vallev," and "Oiling Roads and. Devices
for Proper Application." ' n*
— ?
New Charter Filed.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 25.— The Board of
Freeholders of Los Angeles, which has
been engaged for nearly three months
on the work of framing a new charter for
the city, has completed Its labor and at
6 o'clock this afternoon filed its finished
work with the County Recorder. The
board wa** recently declared invalid by the
Supreme Court and the charter will have
to be submitted to the voters by the City
Council as an amendment to the present
charter ¦ . • -/•-. . ;:
Found a Skeleton.
CALIENTE, Oct.. 25,— Section Foreman
A. Llndsey to-day found the skeleton of a
man in a entail ravine a Fhort distance
from the railroad between tunnels land 2:
Foul play is suspected, as there: is a hole
In the back of the skull. The clothing has
rotted away and nothing could be found
to aid in the Identification of the remains
except a brass chain and* a small alum
inum ciieck- with, the ; words,
playground, Golden Gate Park," stamped
on It. niMBBP'VHMMBBH " "
Belief for Indians.
Interesting Paper Hea4 by T. F.
White of Chino at the Grood-
Roads Convention at
: Los' Angeles.
ROADS IMPROVED
BY USE OF OIL
Suits Filed by Men Forced Aboard
the South Portland.
VANCOUVER, B. C^Oct.
sentatives . of the mutinous sailors, who
it is alleged were f orced .: on board • the
steamer South Portland at Skaguay by
United States troops . acting under orders
from Judge Sehlbreto, are here collecting
evidence to be used In the United Stated
for damages. ¦ /•= .,-,,
. The seven mutinous sailors are suine- for
$20,000 each • and H. Slbble, a ¦ well-known
resident of this city, will, it is said, testify
that 1 he heard the order given to the
troops and witnessed the prodding of the
mutineers with •¦ bayonets in alleged v de
fiance . ot- the United States navigation
laws. ¦ ¦• •;.¦ - ¦'.- " -¦¦ ( • '¦ . • " - --
Special DlFpatch to Th» Calf.
SALINAS, Oct. 25.— The Southern Pa
cific Company has, had several very nar
row escapes from serious loss lately.. In
the past wc.ek there have been no less
than four attempts to derail passenger
trains on -the coast 'division and in each
lnstarice ' accidents have been narrowly
averted. At one time a stop was jnado
within twenty feet of an open switch.
Peter Kindelon. the Southern Pacific de
tective, passed through this city to-day
on his way to San Ardo. He was recently,
at Monterey Investigating > attempts at
train-wrecking, at that place and cleverly
captured the culprits, two" young boys
who through curiosity had placed obstruc
tions on the track.- . The capture of theso
culprits_ exonerated a discharged section
hand who was under suspicion on account
of threats alleged to have been made
against the section , boss. ~>
Some one has recently been tampering
with switches along the line south of here
at Ban Ardo and a disastrous wreck -was
narrowly averted by , the vigilance of
the engineer of the freight. train, which
ran into an open switch,' the lock of -which
had been broken. Several other switches
have been meddled with at other points
and the corporation; detective Is now de
termined to ferret out -the whole matter
One clew places suspicion on a man re
cently arrested for a like offense but who
was discharged from, custody for lack of
evidence. He is known by the detective
to have been In trie .vicinity of the recent
attempted wreck as he -was ejected from
the train there by a , brakeman.
-¦¦..." - « ; -
SAILORS SEEK DAMAGES.
Many Switches Save Been Tampered
With and a Determined Effort •
Is Being Made to Find
the Culprit.
DETECTIVE TRAILING
WOULD-BE WEECKERS
SALINAS, Oct. 25.— A special election
for the ratification or rejection of the
freeholders* charter.' was held* In Salinas
to-<Say. The vote wa* very light and not
much - interest was - taken.* -The - charter
wa* defeated by WE votes.
Interests th» Pacific Coast
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— Postmasters
commissioned: California— John H.- Gar
rlty, Wrights. Oregon— Jake Peters, Wll
eonvllle. Appointed: California— Thomas
Briles, Davis Creek, Modoc County, vice
William Lemon, resigned. Washington:
C. G. Morris. Rainier. Thurst on County,
vice C. A. Koeppen, removed; James C
Earley, Wabash, King County, vice Joel
M. Smith, removed. ,, < •
Charter Defeated.
EANTA CRUZ, Oct. 25.— v^.. [ has been
discovered In this county and a company
is being formed by G.- Dexter, R. Cardiff
and J. Throp to develop this new indus
try. It is in Love Creek, two miles from
the railroad. A IC-lnch vein has been dis
covered and only twelve feet from the
*=urface of the ground. Cropplngs of the
vein above the ground have been traced
for a mile. Eigrhty acres of land havi
been bonded and work will be commenced
«.t once. The coal le a hard bituminous
kind. -The oil Indications also are good
Coal In Santa Cruz.
PETALUMA, Oct. 25.— Miss ' Margaret
Burns and Edward H. Butler of this city
were married at high noon to-day In the
parlors of St. Vincent's Church. The
5'oung p«»ople are prominent members of
the parish and their wc-ddlng was an aus
picious occasion in the social functions
of the church this week. Two hundred
people were present ar. the wedding cere
mony. Rev. Father Leahy officiated. An
elegant wedding breakfast was enjoyed at
the Burns home after the wedding and
the young couple, showered with rice
left on theafternoon train for their future
home in Placerville. where Mr. Butler is
employed with Wells. Fargo & Co Mr
Butler-s family lives here and they and
that of the bride are widely known.
Wedded at Petaluma.
KILLED BY A TRAIN.
Young Man, Probably a Soldier,
Meets Death Near Armona. ,
HANFORD, Oct. 25.— Joe Katzen,! a
young man about 22 years of age, was
killed by a freight train at Armona late
this afternoon. Katzen was stealing a
ride on a freight train. He was seated on
the end of a flatcar loaded with lumber
and the train, which was switching, had
b*>on broken in two. when the cars hitched
to the engine bumped into the car on
which Katzen was seated, throwing him
off. His body was ba<!ly mangled.
Katzen was probably a soldier, as he
wore soldier shoes and other army
clothes. He was evidently on his way to
Buffalo, N. Y.. as a Wells-Fargo receipt
was found in his pocket showing that he
had Just shipped his clothes by express
from San Francisco to Buffalo. He had
$60 on his person and was well dressed.
Jaraw Eagnell, the oldest Hudson Bay
factor in Northern British Columbia, was
Fhot by an Indian a month ago and died
ftv*> days later. The 'Indian was '.buying
pood* in the store and Kagnell was w"alk
ing out when th« phot was fired. An in
vestigation is now going on as to whether
it was accidental or whether the Indian
intended murder. The bullet ntnick the
factor in the heel and he died from blood
poisoning. ,The Indian escaped, but was
later taken into custody.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Oct. 25.— Nearly
cne hundred miners who have" been work
ing all summer In the Omineca district
in the northern part of British Columbia
flrrived here to-day by the steamer Alpha.
They bring news of the strike of a new
creek named Boulder, where $5 to $7 p«r
day Fteady pay per man Is being taken
out. There has been no trouble with In
djauis. who were hostile .a year ago.
Whale tribes are being decimated by a
peculiar disease somewhat similar to a
vpry violent attack of scurvy. Out of one
tribe of one hundred Indians thirty-three
<>r the males died within two weeks.
Others wore sick and altogether the In
dlars -were In a terrible condition.
ady Resembling Scurvy.
Tribes l>ecimated by a Peculiar Mal-
DISEASE AMONG INDIANS.
Gave Away ' Stamps to Cancel - Them.
Sent a Dog Through. the! Mail'-*
to: Defraud' Governnient.
> ATLANTA: /Gal; Oct. ]- 25.— The ; United '
States • Grand ¦ Jury . has ' returned . thirteen
indictments against Postmasters and ! car
riers ? , in Polk, -Harrison u and • Pauldlng
counties, this} State,' charging conspiracy
to defraud the Government. . It Is claimed
by the postoffice authorities that the thir
teen * defendants formed a combination to
defraud the ? Government. : It is charged
that i they.; went ao '; far . as - to give away
stamps in order to cancel them and sent
bulky packages through the offices.- It is
paid that a dog was sent in this way and
pieces of pine bark were : stamped . and
mailed. *- - ' - : * ¦ -,;;' " /' :';. • ; ' ' J *f t jgggggtw WMtfHt
Wedded Sixty -Years.
I . - SAN JOSE, Oct. 25— Mr. and Mrs. John
POSTMASTERS ANT) CARRIEBS
CHARGE© WITH CONSPIRACY
Day's Work at the Annual State Con
vention of the Woman's Chris- . ;
tian Temperance Union
' at San Jose.
>--. . ?'. — . . -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 25.— Liquor, trafflo and
woman's suffrage were fully discussed at
the morning session- of the State Woman's
Christian Temperance Union. There was
an increased attendance and the discus
sions were both Interesting and pointed.
Mrs. Sturtevant-Peet presided. Mrs.
Sarah J. Dorr led the devotional exer
cUes. A number of short papers were
read. These were: "Viticulture and Un
fermented Wine," Mrs. S. M. M. Wood
man; ."State and County Fairs," Mrs. Z.
Buckminster; "Work Among Soldiers,"
Mrs. Hllllker: "Reading Room," Mrs. Jen
nie Dixon; Promotion, of Purity," Mrs.
Margaret Pelton; "Prison Work," Mrs. A.
B. Gove.
The committee on resolutions presented
its report. It contained a resolution se
verely arraigning the civil and military
governments of the Philippine Islands and
oi Manila for permission given for the
establishment of saloons in the city- of
Manila, thus Increasing drunkenness,
crime and debauchery among the civil
and military residents of the islands and
tho city. • - .
I Another resolution calls for, the appoint
ment, of a committee 'of the. members of
the Woman's Christian Temperance Union
for the investigation of the liquor laws
of! the State of California and for a re
port upon the laws of various counties
which are said to materially differ one
from the other, with a view in mind of
securing a general law as strict as pos
sible in all cases .where a complete abo
lition of the traffic cannot , be secured.
Sabbath observance Is commended and
pledged on the part of the organization,
equal suffrage is demanded at the hands
of the voters and the press and public of
San Jose are thanked for the courteous
treatment of the delegates and the con
vention.
~ '.'Scientific Temperance Instruction" was
the subject of a paper by. Mrs. J. Janette
Coyle; . "School Savings Bank," Mrs. R.
A. Emmons: "Peace," Mrs. "Vesta Brown;
"Franchise," Miss Sarah Severance. Me
morial services for the dead of thte year
were conducted by Mrs. Mary Case Lord.
This afternoon Mrs. L. F. King led the
opening devotional exercises. "Would
High License Aid the Temperance Cause,
or Would Removing All Restrictions From
the Traffic Promote Temperance?" was
the subject of :. a ..free parliament Mes
dames Huston, Button, King and Everts
led' the discussion. Mrs. Lizzie Ross Mil
ler gave an address on "To-day's Re
sponsibility" '- and Mrs. Genevleve Wright
led a health drill.
The State convention repudiated as a
body the "prayer chain" scheme, which
was directed against | President MeKlnley
because of his refusal to order the abolish
ment of the army canteen. at military
posts, and camps. A reception closed the
afternoon session. . ; '
A chorus of 100 trained voices was a fea
ture of the evening entertainment. These
were children who had been trained by
Milton i Lawrence. ': A \ prayer, was offered
by Mrs.'E.'G. Green:- Mrs. Mary C. Lqrd
delivered a ¦ brief address. : A number of
girls, under the direction of Miss Binney
ae Forrest, t gave - a . patriotic ¦'< drill and
poses.- Herbert Smith -rendered a violin
solo. "The Bhadow on th© Home." repre
senting slum life In London, was pre
sented. . : "''"... ' "
LIQUOR TRAFFIC AND
SUFFRAGE DISCUSSED
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.-Mrs. Mabel
Hanson, young and strikingly
beautiful, met death to-day
through what is said to have
been accidental, poisoning at the
home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles H. Applegate, 22 West Sixty-first
street. According to her relatives Mrs.
Hanson, who was 23 years old and a
woman of refinement, attempted to relieve
a nervous headache by talcing valerian,
but instead swallowed carbolic acid. She
died in great agony while two physicians
worked to save her life.
Mrs. Hanson was married when 16 years
old to J. S. Hanson, a San Francisco
business man. She went to the Pacific
Coast with her husband, but had been
East on a visit to her parents for nearly
a year. Her father is editor of .a trade
paper published at 73 Fulton street.
Mrs. Hanson's mother and two sisters
were in an adjoining room when Mrs.
Hanson swallowed the poison. According
ta their statements Mrs. Hanson was J11
her usual good spirits this morning, but
shortly before noon &he complained of
headache and her mother advised her to
take some valerian. She went to the
bathroom, where a small medicine chest
Is kept, but said. she could not find the
valerian and went out to purchase some.
When she returned she again entered the
bathroom and a moment later her mother
and sisters heard groans. They ran to
the bathroom and as they reached the
door Mrs. Hanson staggered out and fell
into their arms, gasping, "Get a doctor,
quick." One of the sisters summoned
a nearby phvsiclan. Mrs. Hanson was un
conscious when he reached her side. He
Immediately sent word to Roosevelt Hos
pital. Dr. Bainton arrived with an ambu
lance in a few minutes. Two. physicians
worked over the woman for nearly an
hour but she never regained conscious
ness. In the bathroom a bottle contain
ing carbolic acid was found, i Its .label
showed that it'eame from the drug store
of Dougan & Merritt, Columbus avenue
and Sixty-first street. The clerk who sold
the acid said that Mrs. Hanson, whom he
had known for a year'or more as a cus
tomer, had called about noon and asked
for carbolic acid. -
"Mrs. Hanson was not agitated, eaid
the drug clerk. "She explained that she
Meanwhile he had become enamored of
a talented young vocalist in this city but
she resented his attentions. Then thro»
days after an introduction to Miss Laura
Hecock of Oakland he married her, the
two making a romantic journey to Reno
New This was last February. From the
New York dispatch it is apparent that
the parents of Hanson's first wife were
not aware of their separation by the
courts.
wanted It for disinfection purposes and I
had no reason for refusing to sell it. ' I
entered the sale in the poison book. She
did not purchase'any valerian and did not
mention it."
Mrs. Applegate and her "daughters were
prostrated by the death of Mrs. Hanson.
They said she had not been Oespondent.
They asserted that her relations with her
husband were most, cordial and that she
intended returning to San Francisco next
week. They were positive that she took
poison by mistake, but were unable to ex
plain Mrs. Hanson's ourchase of carbolic
acid when she went "out to obtain vale
rian.
J. S.- Hanson, husbandof the dead wom
an, is a fur dealer at 112 Kearny street of
this city. He came from. New York with
his wife two years ago, where he was
also a trader with the Arctic furriers.
Hanson had little to say concerning his
former wife except that he was divorced
from her a year ago. He wept when
he heard the manner of her death and
begged that her name be dealt with gent
ly by , the newspapers.
Hanson married Miss Mabel Applegate
in New York City six years ago.' She was
beautiful and accomplished . and resided
at 22 West Sixty-first street. The furrier
had an extensive business and continued
it on the ehorerf. of.-the Atlantic for four
years after his marriage. Then he came
West and located in this city. He resid
ed here at 925 Haight street.
After the couple took up their residence
here their domestic troubles commenced
and terminated in divorce proceedings.
Mrs. Hanson was sent to New York. b7
her husband more than a year ago for
treatment in a sanitarium. She had be
come addicted to the drug habit. About
twt> months after Mrs. Hanson went to
New York her . husband, despairing of
hope for her reformation, asked the San
Francisco courts for a divorce. He se
cured one.
RELrATIVES OF MRS. MABEL HANSON, WHO SWALLOWED CARBOLIC
: ACID. SAY THAT SHE MISTOOK THE POISON FOR VALERIAN,
WHICH SHE USED TO RELIEVE HEADACHE.
;, < LOS ANGELES, t Oct. > 25.— The tailor*',
strike ; recently- « Inaugurated > in 1 this , cl t/
haa been terminated "by the agreement of
all * the • tailoring ; establishments '• involved
to Increase -the wages j of • their men from
i $7 50 to SS 50; per -.suit. ¦ . ,
Striking] Tailors -Win.
SACRAMENTO^ Octl \ 25.— The 1 work on
the improvement of .Bear River for which
a contract l has 1 been •; let ¦ for . some $4000,*
has been .< ordered ; stopped \ by ¦: the ? State
Board of Examiners ; until it \ can deter
mine " the : right •' of ¦ the auditing' board ., to
the commissioner. of public « works .to un
dertake the work, as the 3 Bear s River is
not 1 mentioned in the ' code as a navigable
stream. ' The ? contractor declines -to - quit
work until - his claim is formally disal
lowed by ; the: Board of Examiners.
Work Ordered Stopped.
. PETALUMA, Oct. S 25.-7Ma.riy ., ; cases [¦ of
scarlet fever have been reported In Peta
luma, and there Is fear "that • the disease
may become epidemic. , The last case an
nounced ¦ is at the home of L: P. Meg-o,
where two children are sick. The houses
where the cases ! are : located have been
quarantined and. the ; Board , of Health. Is
doing all In its power to prevent the dis
ease from spreading. -The Herman Nauert
home ris ; also quarantined Tor i a 1 case I of
diphtheria* This ¦ case : Is supposed ; to be
an outgrowth of the three recent cases, of
diphtheria In town, of which twd of the
patients, the Mastrup children, died. >; ;
Scarlet Fever at ] Petaluma.
TOPEKA, Kans. , Oct./ 25.— Twelve aux
iliary companies of the, Atchison.-Topeka
and Santa Fe Railway .held their annual
meetings and ' elections in the directors',
room in the Santa .Fe office building here
this afternoon. ¦ In the transaction of rou
tine business a few changes were made
in some of the directors. Edward Wilder
succeeds C. K. Hplllday, deceased, as di
rector In the Cherokee and Pittsburg, Chi
cago, Kansas and Western companies,
and as ' secretary in^the " Wichita and
Southwestern ¦" Company. In the New
Mexico and Arizona Company, Victor
Morawetz of New York was made a di
rector to fill - a vacancy and B. 1. Avey
of Winston, O. T., succeeds R. B. Burns.
Some , Slight • Changes in the
Directorates Being Made.
But ' Routine Business Transacted,
Tho crime was committed on the night
of August 6. Ziegler arid his wife had not
been living very happily together and the
night in which the crime was committed
they had some -words.
Mrs. Ziegler packed her belongings In a
basket and in the dead of night left the
country, home at Doyles Gulch, followed
by her husband. . .
The next day Mrs. Zlegler's body was
found with tho throat cut. .
Ziegler returned to his home and made
an unsuccessful attempt to end his life byj
cutting his own throat
The case was called in the Superior
Court at 10 o'clock this morning. Zleg
ler's defense is Insanity, and to prove' this
testimony has to. be secured from rela
tives In the East, who are expected to
prove the Insanity of Zlegler's mother and
a brother. Ziegier's attorneys, John H.
Leonard and James C. Wanzer, asked for
a continuance until depositions can be re
ceived from the East.
g District Attorney Knight was sworn and
said he had telegraphed for the deposi
tions and they would be here not later
than Sunday. t =• .
The motion for the continuance was de
nied by Judge Smith. " The defendant's
attorneys then -. challenged the panel of
jurors on account of errors in drawing
and summoning, but the matter was over
ruled. "¦'¦ • y ' ¦
Several days will be taken before a Jury
can be secured. ,
AUXILIARY COMPANIES OF
SANTA FE "; HOLD MEETINGS
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 25.— Amos K. Zieg
ler, charged .with the murder, of his wife,
Caroline Ziegler, is on trial for his life in
the Superior Court. His defense is In
sanity..
Opens at Santa Cruz.
Epedal Dispatch to The Call.
Trial of Amos Ziegler for Murder
WILL PLEAD INSANITY.
TAYLOR ON THE STAND.
Tells How ' King* Denied His Identity
When Captured. ;
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 25.— The trial of J.
E. King for.. the..murder of S. H. Church
was resumed in the Superior Court here
this • morning. The prosecution put Mrs.
S. H. Church, her daughter, Mrs. S. L. .;
Stice. and the son, Herman, on the stand.
They testified to the declarations of the
deceased when carried into the house i
after the shooting, claiming that Church;
declared that King shot him because he
had threatened to have him arrested. The
most interesting witness of the day was
Sheriff W. P. Taylor. He told how King
had denied his identity when flrat brought
to the jail, claiming that his name was
Jameson. The prisoner's . mental and
physical condition at this time was very
bad. • >' ' . * '
Deputy Sheriff Goe and Constable Clark
next told how they captured King near 1
Paskenta and how he denied his Identity !
at the time. The prosecution here rested.
Attorney- Lennon for the defense said
he would make no opening statement, but
would proceed" with the evidence. The;
defense put' on. about half a dozen neigh
bors and acquaintances ofS. H. Church
and asked them if they knew his general
i reputation for being a quarrelsome, and
turbulent man. With one exception they
said, when pressed, that they did not
know. The next, witness was J. J. Arm
strong, who searched King's camp after
the shooting and was only able to find one
empty rifle shell. Roland B. Andrews was
then called. He testified that Stice told
him on the day of the Inquest on Church's
body to say nothing about the gun that he
(Stice) had found lying down by King's
camp, This testimony impeached that
given by Stice, he having 1 denied having
made such statements. It Is expected
that the trial will continue through the
week.
of the Yosemite National Park, with
Troop F of the Sixth United States Cav
alry, the park has never been in a bet
ter condition. Four thousand dollars is
appropriated annually for the mainte
nance of the park. This year more actual
Improvements have been made than dur
ing any season heretofore. A cable bridge
is now being constructed over the Merced
river near Hennessey's Raneh, so that
tlie mail may be carried into the Yosemite
durlr-g the winter. There has always
n«n great difficulty in fording the river.
It was necessary lor the mail carrier to
have two horses", one on each Fide of the
stream, and he himself had -to '"trip the
troMey." going through mid-air with the
mail bag under Mf arm. Fording the
river ni not the only difficulty, as there
never has been an accessible trail from
the river to th» valley, and the mail car
rier iva*= often delayed- several days, stop
ping at a cabin near the Cascades, built
for that purpose. About $1500 Is being
expended to repair this trail, which will
not only benefit the mail service, bnt the
inhabitants* of Yosemite during the win
ter months. Two thousand dollars has
b«»en expended for a trail into Hetcn
Hetchy Valley, which will open that un
known region to the public.
Major Rucker contemplates building a
road to Lake Ostrander - and through
Bloody Canyon next year. This will re
vtal new wonders, enabling the tourists
from Yosemite to make excursions back
into the }--urrounding mountains.
This is the first time that United States
cavalry horses in the valley have enjoyed
the cemfort of shelter. Heretofore tney
have always withstood the storms un
protected, sometimes standing in five to
ten Inches ol snow. The major had his
men construct a very artistic shed of
rough pine logs, covered with heavy can
va.«.
Major Rucker strongly advocates the
purchase of the toll roads into the Yo
*emite by the Government. The. present
appropriation would not be sufficient to
keep up the roads. It would require about
$*kjO a year for repairing and making such
improvements as j s necessary on the
roadf.
Never before in the history of the park
has game been so plentiful. Beare are
frequently sepn within a quarter of a mile
of the hotels They appear to be quite
gentle and frequently will run in front of
stages for several hundred yard?. Travel
ers often see from fifteen to twenty deer
grazing by the roadside and conveys of
quail are encountered at almost every
bend of th« road. The streams and lakes
abound with mountain trout. Trout in
the lakes have been caught weighing from
one to six pounds. The Wawona hatch
ery planted 750.000 small trout in the var
ious lakes and streams in the park this
season.
There have been about 5000 visitors in
the park this season. ¦
No definite time has been set for the
troop to return to the Presidio, as it is
awaiting General. Shafter's orders.
TOSEMITE, Oct. 25.— Owing to the
Btrict surveillance enforced by Major
Louis H. Rucker. acting superintendent
/ Plentiful in the Valley and
Becoming- Extremely
Tame.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
National Park Has Never
Been in a Better
Condition.
NEW ROADS WILL BE BUILT
Bear, Deer, Quail and Other Game
IMPROVEMENTS
BEING MADE IN
THE YOSEMITE
man of Brandon, Manitoba, attempted to
marry the same girl in Vancouver yester
day and a collision naturally followed. ;
James Ross 1b the mining man who
spent large sums of money on ..Miss Flor
ence Hastings, and Ralph Moore of Bran
don was the lucky young- fellow who ac
tually married, the girl. Ross and Miss ]
Hastings were '.engaged a ,year ago and
Moore turned up on tho scene during
Ross' absence and then Miss Hastings feit
that she liked the younger man. the' bet- •
ter, but agreed to marry Ross .when he
came to town a week agro laden with wed
ding presents. -
They- were -to -be. married on Wednes
day afternoon,- but Moore was telegraphed
for and he took the west-bound train
within an hour after the telegram was
sent. He. arrived in Vancouver at 1 o'clock
ajid the ceremony between Ross and the
yV>ung'-* woman* was -to have been per
formed at 3 o'clock. ¦-¦ Moore rushed to the
registry office and a few minutes later
Miss Hastings was his bride. Then they
drove together to where Ross was waiting
in the church and showed him the cer
tificate. He vowed vengeance in the tur
bulent scene that followed, but to-day left
for home.
VANCOUVER, B.C., Oct. 25.— A rich
mine owner of Cariboo and a business
SDectal Dlsratch to The Call.
Miss Hastings Discards the Miner
Who. Had Heaped Presents.
Upon Her for a Young
Business Man.
THREATS fa DIRE VENGEANCE.
Vancouver Woman Changes
Her MM at Eleventh *
Hour. \ .V:
WEDS ANOTHER
WHILE FIANCE
AWAITS HER
MISS KITTIE TATSCH. a wait
ress at the Sentinel Hotel, To-
Bemite Valley, did a skirt dance
recently on the Upmost top of
I rocky Glacier Point, with the
valley yawning just 3200 sheer feet below.
Julius Boysen, a man with a* camera,
caught her at it, making' a startling pic
ture, In; which no person can detect a
Poses on Her Tiptoe
Above a Steep
DOES SKIRT DANCE
ON GLACIER POINT
Yosemite Hotel Waitress Cuts a Sensationa
Figure in a Camera.
ORTEGA TAKES
THE STAND IN
OWN DEFENSE
Tells of His Whereabouts
on tM Night ol the
Assault
. ¦ .. - -. ? - .,
HOPES TO PROVE AN ALIK
»" — : —
Friends Cause Arrest of a Witness
for Prosecution on a Charge
of Disturbing the
Peace.
. . . - : \ - »
' Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 25.— Jack Ortega took
the stand In his own behalf to-day. Ha
was a witness most of the day and his
cross-examination will occupy a good part
of to-morrow. He told of his 'whereabouts
on August 2S. the night of the assault on
Grace Gamble. From early morning till
midnight the pugilist endeavored to ac
count for himself. Ilia testimony filled
in with that of other witnesses tor ythe
defense. Under questioning of District
Attorney Campbell he lost'his temper and
answered I in a sullen tone.
Ortega testified that he had Ktine ridln#
early In the evening with Addle Bartl«-y
and left her about 9:30 o'clock. He drove
about town for awhile and after buylur;
a watermelon started for his home. Tnia
was about 10 o'clock. A companion was
with him. He remained at his home antil
10:15. Then he drove to* the Willow Par*
saloon. Ortega denied he had seen Grac3
Gamble before his arrest and denied that
on the night in question he had taken
her in his busrgy. On cross-examination
he stuck to the story pretty well. His
testimony as a whole did not make much
of an Impression, as his Identification by
the sirl and other witnesses was roo&t
positive.
Half ;» dozen other witnesses were ex
amined during the day, but they gave no
new testimony.
The Ortegas caused somewhat of a ien
sation during the day by causing the ar
rest of Joe Gomez, one of the most Im
portant witnesses for the prosecution, on
a charge of .disturbing the peace. Gomez
Identified the horse and buggy In which
the girl wasridlnff as that of Ortega's.
Shortly after the preliminary examination
the Ortegas charged Gomez with perjury
in Justice Hirsch's court at Santa Clara.
The case Is still pending. ) V-*
DEGENnBRCY THE DEFENSE
OF MTJRDEBER YEBiSELL
Evidence. Given of Insanity in His,
Family and the General Inter
marriage of Relatives.
MARY3VIT.T.E, Ohio, Oct. 25.— Deiren-
eracy is the defense which will be mada
in the trial of Rosslyn Ferrell. now in,
progress here for tho murder of Adams
Express Messenger Lane and tho robbery
of the express safe. Juror James Shirk,
who has been ill with measles since last
Sunday, appeared In thtx Jury box to-day
and the triaLwas renamed. The State
offered numerous exhibits and then rested
the case.
Mra. Annie Biggerstaff of SteubenvtlH
was the first witness called for the de
fense. She is the prisoner's aunt. She
testified that his father and mother are
first cousins and that his grandmother
married her (the grandmother's) uncle.
Charles W. Sheets, Emma "W. Sheets
and James Stewart, all relatives of tltc*
prisoner, testified regarding Intermarriago
in the family and the insanity of several
members. - v - \
HANDSOME MRS. HANSON
SWALLOWS POISON
Mysterious Death of Divorced Wife of San
Francisco Furrier.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1900.
blush. - It may bs because ¦ Miss Tatsch
has posed daringly In ticklish places Tin
front of a camera before. On one occa
sion, It Is reported, she lay at full length
on the rock, her head resting on her hand,
the point of her elbow on the very Jagged
edge of the outermost point of the rock;
and on another she stood with her foot
raised, extending well out over the abyss.
4
. , ADVEKTlSErffrTNTS..vVV " > -j ¦'_
H \^^£\ ¦ NkTv^ -^^ \ 1v^ vn vs*' '*N, ' ?H
M Her^are two styles of our $1.30 hats — the Fedora • and the ' tj
H Derby — and we have them in a third style — the Graec*. which re- tj
M sembles the Fedora. The hats come in the same blocks and col- Eg
Kg ors as the most expensive hats on the market to-day. We don't '¦ \\
!9 sell hats at hatters' orofits — we sell them at clothiers' orofits. be- fj
r| ' cause we are clothiers sellingr hats. This difference means a sav- |]
M ing to you" which is exemplified light here in these hats, which fl
M - cost every cent of $2.00 in exclusive stores, yet our price is but £»
H For Ladles— The oopular "Ladysmith" hats in two shapes U
m and the Fedoras: we have them in light or oxford eray. 'steel M
g : blue or brown: resrular hatters axe selling hats like these for S2.50; - H
m we are asking but *v / * fi " b
i -''-¦••.' ::. : :¦• si.so " I
ffl . Out-of-town orders fitted — write us. I
I 718 Market Street. »
VISIT OR- JORDAN'S GREAT
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
CB • 1351 BA3III SI. IA. B'lkTix, IF.fcl
.Of TbaLareestAaatonical Museum in the
.'^frilMk. -Wo* 1 * 1 - we*kne»«» or *ny contracted
JSgKa di»e»e p««l«»«l» nr*4h r the oldctt
IE3| Specitlifcw&fCotu, Eit36y«m
£ flllll CR " DISEASES
\ !*§!&& a tca«alt»«on fno and «trkt) y priTmte.
W J &WH 1" " ment P*«onallT ct br lelter. A
i o a • wlu » bl « took &» "^n;
f BB.JOBDAM A CO., mi Market 8t.. 8. R
MEYERS
W : ?®w Specialists (
NSfc?!,, 1 /jrtX 1 • Disease and weak-
flBayl "ITJiffisl ness of men.- Es-
ra^^pPffl' tabllshed 1831. Con-
X^jBwMp 7*11 Tlarket st.*
"t! fl ntfc (elevator entranca).
¦«;^l!sgg- -gaWiaBSfc San Francisco.
sflttk B *9Htt B *^° " my n
HsW |1A| to cure any
¦¦«¦/ ¦ ¦¦¦ case of eczema.
JmH ¦¦¦¦ or tetter, or lf
¦ H Hh ¦ ¦ WM one application
UflHSinH (alls to stop
Price 25 cents. lAlWlruggists. or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DE
FORD, 175 N. Spring St., Los Angeles, Cal.
LADD'S GUN STORE,
SSSP'^ 0 \rt 2 l. Keara y »t.. S. F.. far
f*»^ J J "2 Jn * T «w*l« *nd Sporting
V »v „ Good*. The largest - ttock on
th« Pacific Coast of every deicrlptlon. Send J
cents In postage stamps for ttsa latest S0-ca*»
lllu»trmttd catalogue No. 4. ..
FIERCE S
ti^ FAVORITE
IRESCRIPTiON
ML FOR WEAK WOMEN, j
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGOAa-
tor and Nervine.
Th« most wonderful aphrodisiac ami ¦ <*peclal
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
Th« Mexican remedy for Diseases of th« KM-
ney» and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.',
¦ -:.--' NABER. ALFS A BRtTXE. Ajents.
ta Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circular.) r.:.
DR..CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For toe can of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analagoa* complaints ot th t
Organs of Generation. v. , •>¦¦ r^ . ¦•-•..¦
Prlc* |1 a bottle. For sals by dru^Uta jGeorge W. Joyce, Charged With Deceiving New York Girl
and Robbing Her Aged Father, Arrested— An Ex-
Wife and a Sweetheart Call on Him in Prison.
WOMAN'S ACCUSING LETTER
OPENS JAIL DOORS FOR HIM
MAX ACCUSED OF DECEIVING A NEW YORK GIRL AND OF ROBBING
AND LEAVING DESTITUTE AT HOT SPRINGS HER AGED FATHER,
WITH WHOM HE HAD STARTED WEST.
The woman was allowed to see Joyce in
the prison, and as he walked from his cell
she threw her arms around htm and tried
to slip him a bottle of whisky. She was
arrested and then gave her name as Nel
lie Hamilton and said sne was Joyce's
sweetheart.
Subsequently a woman giving her name
as Mrs. Humphreys and caylng she was
the divorced wife of Joyce called on htm.
He acknowledged that he had been mar
ried to the woman. She put up $5 as ball
for Miss Hamilton and the two women
went away together.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 'J>.— George W.
Joyce was living in this city last Janu
ary with his wife and two children. He
met Annie Slefert, a domestic In the fam
ily of Judgo Smith, and learning that she
liad some money saved, made love to and
married her. A week later he deserted
her, after securing all her money, and
disappeared. Before his departure from
this city he succeeded in passing four
bogus checks for small sums. Detective
Hawley left here to-night for San Fran
cIfoo to bring Joyce back. Joyce's flrst
wife is believed to b© in this city, but she
could not be located to-nisfht. It is doubt
ful If either, woman will prosecute him for
bJgamy.
ing the old man's fare and Gordon's fare
to the Hot Springs out of the money he
received for the ticket. Gordon said that
the old man was penniless and unless
money was sent he would have to ba
taken to thepoorhouse.
Mrs. Suva asked Captain Seymour to lo
cate Joyce and see that he was punished
for his heartless treatment of her hus
-band. She said Joyce had also taken with
him her daughter's ring. Th<»
captain, detailed Detective Ross "Whltta
ker on the case and he located Joyce at
765 Market street. The captain wired
Mrs. Suva to consult with the police in
New York, as he was powerless to act
unless a warrant was Issued for his ar
rest. Whlttaker was meantime instructed
to shadow him.
Yesterday morning Captain Seymour
was delighted to receive a letter from
Chief Elton of Los Angeles asKing him to
arrest Joyce for forgery, as he held a
warrant for him on that charge. Tha
Chief said Joyce had committed numerous
forgeries in Los Angeles and that there
was more than one woman who claimed
him as her husband. His first wife was
to leave » Los Angeles to meet him at 7^
Market street. Shortly after the receipt
of the Irtter the Caplain got a dispatch
from Chief Elton that the wife nad not
left for San Francisco - but had, instead,
posted a letter to Joyce.
Whittaker was at once Instructed to ar
rest Joyce and yesterday afternoon he
caught him as he was -entering his lodg
ing-house. Chief Elton had forwarded a
photogmph of him which satisfied Whit
taker beyond doubt that l.e was the man
he had previously located.
Joyce is a good looking man, about 20
years of age. and dresses well. "When
taken before Captain Seymour he denied
that he had committed any -orpery In
Los Angeles and when charged with be-
IF the charges against him be true,
George W. Joyce, a drummer, who is
in the "tanks" at the City Prison, is
as heartless a scoundrel as has ever
come under the cognizance of the
police. He is not only accused of being
a bigamist and forger but also, of robbing
a helpless old man and leaving him pen
niless and friendless in a strange city.
A few days ago Captain Seymour re
ceived a letter from Mrs. Hannah Suva,
448 Fourth avenue. New York City, to the
; effect that Joyce had married her daugh
i ter Louise on October 3 and had left witn
her husband, Martin Suva, a frail old
man, the following: day for San Fran
cisco on a visit to his friends in this
State for the benefit of the old man's
health. She inclosed a letter she had re
ceived from her husband, wh'ch was as
follows:
HOT SPRINGS, Ark.. Oct. 14. 1500.
Mrs. Hannah- Suva— Dear .Wife: Will you
pleaee find out -whet Joyce's father's address
Is In California, who married my child, for he
left me here after getting my watch and nearly
all my money. He prpmlsed me he was cora
lnj? back here from California to stay with me.
}1> hired a man at St. Louis to bring: me to
this place. He has fooled the man and m«
too. My God, don't let me suffer here. • • •
If "Nay." as we railed him, had not robbed
me of my money and watch 1 think I ¦would
have had money enough to gret well. You
would be surprised to see how I have improved.
Ycu know I let that man have $100. He gave
me his note for it, and It is not worth the
paper it la written on. He has wronged me,
you and my poor child. When you gave Louise
to that man you rave her to a scoundrel. You
sml Louise oueht to try and find out where ha
t» in California and punish him by the law,
for he ought to be caught If you will get
eome of the money from the German Bank and
The soldiers receiving their discharges
at the Presidio within the last few days
are particularly well pleased with the
efforts made by the officers in command
to protect them from, the "grafters" who
formerly secured the major portion of
their earnings and gave them so little for
it. In the building where the men are
paid off quarters have been set aside for
the representatives of the Santa Fe and
Southern Paciflc railroads. By purchas
ing their tickets from these agents the
men make a saving of many dollars. The
rate from San Francisco to St. Louis haa
been fixed at $28 75 and as the discharged
men are allowed 4 cents a mile they make
a profit of $48 on the trip. In. tiie trip be
tween this city and Chicago a saving of
$60 is made provided the. men purchase
their tickets at the Presidio and steer
clear of the sharks that infest the
grounds. John J. Byrne, general passen
ger agent of the Santa Pe system, visited
the Presidio yesterday and instructed the
men as to their rights.
The test of the heavy artillery surround •
Ing the Presidio reservation yesterday
proved entirely satisfactory to the ord
nance expert who supervised ¦ the ' test.
Captain Crozier was the officer chosen to
oversee the tests and he found the guns
in perfect working order after., discharg
ing them a. half dozen times. The But
fington-Crozier gun carriage on which
the guns are mounted is the result of the
Joint efforts of Brigadier General A. R.
Bufilngton, chfef of ordnance, and of Cap.
tain Crozier. the last named having the
reputation of being an expert in. the mat
ter of the guns needed for coast fortifica
tion?. Captain Crozier represented this
country at The Hague peace conference,
which was held recently at the suggestion
of the Czar of Russia.
Steward Ashford' Twigg ' died yesterday
at Fort McDowell from heart disease, the
result of exposure in the Philippines.:
During the present century 400. human
lives, $125,000,000 and 200 ships -have been
Ion in fruitless efforts to find the North
Pole. .
Reduction in Pares Adds to
Bank Account, of the
Volunteer.
SOLDIER GAINS
By THE SPECIAL
RAILROAD RATE
JOHN CHRETIEN
PROLONGS HIS
STAY IN JAIL
Supreme Court Temporarily
Saves Him Prom San
Quentin.
>
Judge Dunne Orders Prisoner Taken
to Penitentiary, but Chief Jus
tice Beatty Grants "Writ
of Probable Cause.
John M. Chretien, organizer of the con-
Ep,racy to loot the estate of the late Jo
«ph Sullivan, has been enjoying too
SSS j^f ty ?5 lato yesterday Su
perior Judge Dunne made, an order re
voking the writ of proable cause herew
ipre Issued by him, which permitted Chre
8? kJ*T? ln « the CounVTa! [pending
•V^JJlS 1 * ete f»la«ion ot his cause., and
irt n^. th e * immediate transfer of \ the
prifconer to San Queniin. The order meant
i^v^t k hr 5 tlen Jjould be taken across the
L 51 thln * t* 118 morning.
r "® las t moment, however, the Su
lreme . , Court intervened and a writ of
probable cause Issued by Chief Justice
i^-auy la.n night will prolong Chretien's
i tay m the County jali for a short time
i.t least.
The trouble into which the South Amer
ican general, C. H. M. y Agramonie, was
riunged in Judge Cabaniss' Police Court
Vi ar ' es<Jay was responsible for Cnretien's
traditional trouble. Chretien was sub
poenaed as a witness in the Agramonte
<&se and was takt-n to tne null <n -u-w. <•.
llis services being dispensed with by
Judge Cabar.lss. he proceeded to delve
f-mor.g the records of the criminal courts.
Jt is said — mostly among these relating to
the Patrick Hogers and William Harris
cases. Since going to Jail it is rumored
ihat Chretien has worked up quite a
l^gal business, and among those defend
nms In whom he is interested are the de-
Jer.aarts named.
The- matter was called to the attention
<<i Judge Dunne yesterday morning, who
forthwith revoked the writ of prob
able cause. "No prisoner, in my opinion,
lias a right to meddle with the pleadings
in criminal ca?es." ho paid. "I believe
Mr. Chretien has beon enjoying too much
liberty. I do not think he properly ap
preciates his position, or he would* have
refrairied from dnfng as he is reported to
have done. In view of his actions and
my belief that he has enjoyed unusual
privileges in the past, the Judgment
r.rairst him should be executed imme
diate'y."
T'nd^r Sheriff Hare said that it was his
opinion that Chretien was not examining
records In the criminal cases named,
nut those in the Agramonte case, which
£5= former counsel for the South American
peneral. he believed he had a right to do.
In view of the fact that he might be called
u pon io testify regarding them. However.
JU". Hare ?aid he stood ready to execut©
the judgment against Chretien as soon as
lh £ commitment was placed in his hands.
Chretien'? attorneys learned of the con
ciTlon of affairs and one of them rushed
to this city from San Jose. Chief Jus
tic* Boatty was immediately appealed to
and he granted the writ of probable cause
CFkrd for. The notice that It had been
rranted was served on the officers at the
Hroadway Jail lat«» last night
Joseph .Carbone. a gardener at Tan
foran. San Mateo County, filed a petition
in Insolvency yesterday in the United
States District Court. He owes J5225 and
has no assets.
An Insolvent Gardener.
Baptist Church Concert.
This evening at Hamilton Square Bap
tist Church on Post street," there will be a
concert given by the . B. Y. P. U. : The
programme issued is rich in selections and
long. enough to. assure an evening of en
joymert to those who can -spare the time
to be present.
Cutting Freight Hates.
In order to head off the freight teams
which for several years have been draw
ing an increasing amount of freight from
the railroads the Southern Pacific has
been forced to make cut rates to some ol
the Interior towns. Auto trucks have in
some instances been adopted and because
of their swiftness they have become keen
competitors of the railroads. The freight
ers have another, advantage over the. rail
roads in that they can load at the doors
of wholesale houses and discharge their
loads at the doors of retailers, thus 'sav
ing time and drayage at both ends of the
haul. The towns flrst to receive the ben
efit of the cut rate are Pomona, Ontario,
Smelzer and others ; in the . southern ? part
of the State. The new rates have been
fixed at $2 60 per ton. The intention of ths
company " is to ; eventually ; carry ? out * this
plan in ail sections '¦ of the : State . where
there is any serious competition with
freight teams. .
Sues Husband for Support.
Mary . E. Large ' filed suit yesterday
against her husband.' William H. Large,
for maintenance and support. Mrs. Large
says that on September 24 last she mar
ried her husband, and that immediately
afterward he deserted her. She says he is
in receipt of a monthly Income of $75. of
which she believes she Is entitled to $40.
IS ATTACKED BY TWO
EUSCTBIC CAB EMPLOYES
Michael Sabadin Has Michael D.
Ryan and George W. Leathers
Placed Under Arrest.
Michael Sabadin, 2045 Folsom street,
swore to complaints In Judge Cabaniss*
court yesterday for the arrest of Michael
D. Ryan on a charge of assault with d
deadly weapon and George W. Leathers
on a charge of battery.
On Monday aftemcon Sabadin boarded
a Folsom-street car of which Leathers
was the conductor and Ryan the motor
man. Sabadin had a dispute with Leath
ers, about a "smooth" quarter the con
ductor had given him In change. Leathers
alleging that he had not given him tha
quarter.
They continued to wrangle about It un- •
til the car reached Folsom and Six teen tn
streets and Sabadin got off. He allege*
that Leathers and Ryan jumped off th»
car and . followed him. Leathers struc*
him on the face and Ryan hit him on the
head with a blunt instrument, supposed
to have been the controller bar. he says.
Ryan and Leathers were arrested yester
day afternoon and released on ball
BOY STENOGRAPHER
CANNOT BE FOUND
Police Trying to Elucidate the Mys
tery of Robert Chessman's
Disappearance.
- The mysterious disappearance of Rob
ert Chessman, a boy 19 years o£ age. has
been reported to the police, and Detectives
Ed Gibson ; and Reynolds are endeavoring
to t elucidate the mystery. So far they
have met with no success.
The boy i was • employed as stenographer
with the firm of Dunham, Carritcan &
Hayden. Last -Monday- he complained of
being sick and left the' store about 2
o'clock-in the afternoon and since, then ¦
not the slightest trace ¦ of : him has been
found. ,Hls ' father is E. . E. Chessman;
1330,Church street, and he says* that; the
boy i never stayed away : from home be
fore for a single night. Young. Chessman
weighs about : 150 • pounds, is :nve feet: six
inches tall,* has browr." hair and eyes.,
medium, light complexion and dimples on
his f ace. - He ¦ wore a ¦ dark gray single
breasted sack suit, blue striped shirt and
standing 'collar, and fedora hat. .;,-;.»
¦-'•' The : boy was regular,- in his - habits , and
he ¦ was never = heard : to . express any . dis
satisfaction ' with . his employment •: or tpo-'
sition in life. His . employers say that
money matters had nothing to do with
his disappearance, for in his position he
did not have the handling of any coin.
His description has been sent to all the
police stations and every outgoing steam
er and train is being watched.
the time Mrs. Shepperd finished with tfco
children it was invariably 7:30 o'clock.
Mrs. Shepperd arrived from the. East
last February on the request of Dr. Wil
son, who paid her fare. She immediately
Interested herself in selling tickets for a
concert the reverend gentleman was giv
ing. She then became associated with .the*
Society of Friends and Induced them to
allow her to get up a concert for the "Si
lent "Workers." Ir has been stated since
that she received 50 per cent of the tick
ets sold- The concert was held in Sher
man &. Clay's Hall and was crowded to
the doors. Since then Mrs. Shepperd has
started this cooking school with donations
and subscriptions that nave been solicited
in the ctty by a corps of young ladles
who received a certain percentage for the*
money they-collectedk Mrs. Shepperd ta
living at the Grand Hotel and boarding
at the Palace Hotel. She is a very hand
some widow with a fine figure that is su
perbly set off in the very latest of tailor
made gowns.
A Call reporter visited the school yes
terday afternoon, and while in the vicin
ity called on several mothers of the pu
pils of the cooking school. One mother
stated that the class had dropped off to
half its original number on account of the
actions of Airs. Shepperd. The children,
she said, went into the school after public
school hours, and they were taught cook-
Ing from 3 to 6. and then Mrs. Shepperd
took them in hand. . She presented each
girl with a toothbrush, examined their
finger nails and gave them instructions
about keeping their shoes polished. By
first rub came when she was requested to
come down on Saturday nights and cook
coffee for the parents of the children,
who are "received" on that night. . She
also says that Mrs. Shepperd shows such
an ungovernable temper that It is im
possible to get along with her. Miss Mont
gomery, who is superintendent of the
school, has also resigned, but when inter
viewed she said she would prefer not to
make any statement.
It Is on the Verge of Disruption After Only Three Short Weeks of
Existence, and Teachers and Pupils Are Leaving.
Yesterday Mrs. Ida F. Piatt, who was
engaged to teach the children cooking,
said she had handed in her resignation
and would no longed be connected with
the school for several reasons. She says
she is a graduate from a cooking school
In Boston, and was employed to give the
children a lesson every afternoon. The
The school . was opened about three
weeks ago by Mrs. Shepperd. Children of
the lower class were to be taught how to
cook, but the class has dwindled down
to half Its original size and the ladles
who are employed by Mrs. Shepperd claim
that they - have been forced to resign on
account of Mrs. Shepperd's arbitrary and
authoritative manners. >
Mrs. Maryland Bartlett Shepperd's Lit
tle Mother's Cooking School, at 942 Harri
son street, is in distress, and the em
ployes of the institution are leaving one
by one."
Commencing November 1 all the -freight
handlers in the local offices of the South
ern Pacific will receive an Increase In
their pay amounting to 2 l A cents an hour,
or 25 cents a day. The raise will "benefit
between 200 and 300 hands.
In 1S33, when Industries all over the
United States were curtailing expenses
and reducing wages, a cut was made in
the salary list of the freight handlers.'
Since then the . employes have beeu
working for $2 a day. A few days ago a
petition was circulated praying for 'a
restoration of the old wage schedule en
the ground that times are better and the
amount of work that each man Is called
upon to perform has been materially in
creased. •
The petition was signed by every em
ploye In the freight .department. It was
presented to Manager J. A. Flllmore. who
consulted -with Julius Kruttschnltt. Yes
terday it was decided to grant the - re
quest. Notices* to that 'effect will bo
posted at once.
Southern Pacific Employes'
Pay to Be Increased
Twenty-Five Cents.
RAILROAD WILL
RAISE WAGES OF
FREIGHT HANDS
Refers to Provision Made to
Protect Creditors Who
Trusted Him.
A holographic will executed by the late
Elmore" Ellis Kwlngr, whose suicide caused
a sensation in church and business cir
cles, was filed for probate yesterday. Fur
ther than serving the purpose of convey
ing to the world what disposition the de
ceased wished made of his estate the doc
ument serves no ¦ purpose. By reason of
the fact that a portion of the date Is
printed the will is illegal.
In the .will the deceased bequeaths his
entire estate In equal shares to his widow v
Minerva Ewlng, and his daughter, Jessie
Ewlng Stokes, both of whom reside in
Delaware, Ohio.
As special gifts the deceased directs
that his daughter have his library, to
gether with his badges and mementoes
pertaining to his military service and the
associations growing out of the same as
a member of the Grand Army of the Re>
publlc and the Loyal Legion. :
Decedent, as shown oy the will, was also
a member of the Royal' Arcanum the
National Union, the Order of Royal Good
Fellows s and the Massachusetts Benefit
Association, and .he - held policies - In the
Fidelity _ Mutual Life .Association, the
Penn Mutual Life Insurance Company and
the Mutual Life -Insurance Company of
New York. His estate, however, • does not
exceed $3000 in value, it ; is stated In the
petition accompanying the will. .
A significant clause Is incorporated In
the will.^It reads: \
In taking out all of, these policies I have had
In mind not only the protection of my family
but also that of my creditors, the persons -who
have had «uf ficlent i confidence in my ; integrity
a* to place | their j funds < with '! me.- 1 i therefore
request that the amount received by the reason
of ; the payment of the policies shall be drawn
upon If necessary to pay in full my just debts
should my - personal and real estate be insuffi
cient for. that: purpose.. ',
'¦¦¦ In view of the . manner of , the testator's
death and the cause ; which ; actuated him
to take his life there Is pathos in this last
provision, ¦ which -iwlll doubtless; -work to
the Interest of the firm that last employed
him and in whose office he ended his Ufa.
EWING ASSETS
HIS INTEGRITY
IN HIS WILL
MRS. SHEPPERD'S COOKING SCHOOL .
HAS SOME TROUBLES OF ITS OWN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1900;
5
•end It to ma I will get well. I am -willing- to
divide It with you If you will get a check, sign
it and send it here to me to sign. Then I can
draw it. Now I think this is fair if I divide
the money with you. Give my love to Louise.
Good-by. MARTIN SUVA.
Mrs. Suva also Inclosed a copy of a let
ter she had received from H. R. Gordon,
the colored man to whom Joyce handed
over the old man to take to the Hot
Springs. Gordon wrote that Joyce had
taken all the old man's money at St.
Louis and his gold watch and chain, val
ued at $150, and had even sold his ticket
to San Francisco to a broker there, pay-
Last night a well dressed woman visited
the office of Captain of r>etectlves Sey
mour and asked to be allowed to Fee
Joyce. ' ¦: -¦-"> •
When asked If she knew him she first
said that he was her cousin, but on being
closely auestioned she stated that she
was his wife.
t "His arrest Is all a mistake," she plead
ingly remarked. "Please do not send him
to Jail."
Ing: a bigamist he said he had obtained a
divorce from his first wife and he did not
knew of any other except the one in New
York.
x±ua EMPOBrrjM. _ _ , 1; THE EMPOBITJM. | THE EMPORIUM.
1 Black Taffeta 89c. «-«-« mamTtoL^w^mm am a a Blanket Sate. •
S > Extra heavy $1 and $1.10 qualities, £§&»§" e"mSi^sl^9 &M Gooi White B anket*. ajsortel color ¦
rich lustrous finish, good black, exce - K| HHgJU 9mt *^8HJISP bor^r, nice de^o b'ndins, we!i nide, '
it lent wearing silk, made especially for i^l^^^..^.— 6 f^t wM»- *« the largest b>rfs. ',
Sf ~ ~ ] SECOND GREAT
I Sale Manufacturer's Loom Ends Fine Ribbons
g The first lot of this big purchase/placed on sale Wednesday. Oct. 17, drew the largest crowd of ribbon-
'jf .¦ buyers that ever attended a sale in this store. The second installment, consisting of about 7000 :
H yards of gocd quality all-silk taffeta ribbon, rich lustrous finish, over 30 of the choicest colorings, \
J in lengths ranging from l a to 9 yards, on sale io-day, Fridiy. cnlv at the following prices:
£ £°- 1' \* . iDC . heS ' to-day, yard....:..5O N>. 12. ]| inchec, to-diy. yard 9a Ni. 22. 2£ inches. to-«Jar, yard 11o
K No. 9, 1 J inches, to-^ay, yard: 59 No. 16- 2J inches, to-day, yard So N>. 4 ». 4 icchjs, to day. yard 13o
§ Expert Bow-Mzkeng Frse of Chirgo.
* mm *£¦*'?*? £***'' Two-Day Clothing Sale.
j Half Price Te-Day. „ b*jJb-k*c uhm t2.sa%^ m
«.' /~^^k Clpic? ¦ 5^^^" '.worth $4, round-cornered sack "coat, &^>i
K C^JtAS Jm&k f 1 3ry V-T ' doBb " e -brea3ted vest and knee pants, attractive V*/
h'Sfy^yl: <^SRWlfr l i 0U V P' ittera^ »'n woo'en plaiia. checks and strhea. JfejC !
* $K<J&$ V^%^ colored -/r^ZjT^x «'i s tcr 10 to 16 ve^ra. onr special _ « o /<^7N
K <m$$&Mr tr:mmed "// FT Y\ rricoFi^v.-.ndSiturdiy..... B2.S& /) If \
K ~; W /^| r- Y^ backs), J**A K^V re > v prtb $7.50. heavy weight, rouojhVU, jX r^J
Ji . \JL4 * at rnv \ / 1/ "' J3ni«hed, back or b ne cheviotj and a pretty line Y^/lV-
a' V^?^: IVJ^S^^-^ "- f our Mj /¦ V-f finer tweeds and chjviots, siag e or double y, '\
2, 1 <- u ' ' "' yester-. jfi j /£%*/ recste^ coat?, nice y trimced. per.'est fitting, ¦//
a? d:y'.^ ) CT^ rur 'P ecaI P r » Ci Friday aad o «- ./
#* pric->. Tiese H,'ts were made in~oir -J- Satnriav \ {P^iOd ;/
ar own workroom;' w?ll m ?da. of high I Man's Overcoats $1t.45—Ennh worth //
|- I ?15 and §17.«). pnrt of a great'special , /
& &ir>" at th -". bie barc * n ¦TmrT-'SS; o,««.t ss^,?j d .s: .ILL
S .'li.'cVorrf(rn.m,iH;t,.t.d 5 v' . m . .,i^d tkrongWt with «H, otv.r; with ths b«.t §
H aj ijjj iarmTj satin.-cik 8 eeire*. wo'knnn«hip of the £+.¦*+ jm mm
§ $3 2 ro'ored trVmnied Hat.i." 'to'dav . " very brst. onr speciil price F.Hay and Saturday &1S.& i»
g ...$S.OO ~ ' tf>tf rm g>^ mm , '
g 3io cokrad trimmed Hits, to-dg qq & Trimming Sate. 4 I &*'5O Striking
§ Lad'os>Fectei^'tf^s-°nchei o( Si/k Fr.gs and Silk Drapes I BaffS $1.18.
Ji crewn. with Sded pVba d,t i'lk {" ft ck . et3 ana wai3t «""^>.«« A. T*. $1.50 donb'e-end Strik-
" . ¦ , ci — . and black, aims very prettv and usefu f£h\~ r^ .
K ban-is; r f «u'ar $1.,^; tc- ~- trimming t mo ig them; from the reg- W %-£k l ** Ba S 3 - mada ot red
ft na, specia..... ¦"¦•.... . u!ar r r.ce'—7dc. $1.00, «1.2> and $1.5l> T tan "either, complete
g v O t Felt if Sits- Lidysraith b ocx; C a"h-we will a'Jw to-day only. \ W with rnbber b t a( i der , ra b.
| loiy" and .?. sso ; : p ! c . a . S5c One-Quarter Off. \ M J« cord fir a™ rop.
a? . } ; \ Y7 for cei ing. attachments
| Siik Waist Sals. Friday an* Saiur- ' m== \3
a,; $5 00, $6 50, $7.50 and $8.50 Silk d av Shoe Sa3*> 8! / g ju.io
*: Waists $3.95 -ir-t /^=Tv aSy * nOe M »« )]*/
£ ton hi bis it t of S. k 9^TSH La^s' Vici Kid Shoes, butoi M \ tTm mmmm g4 n — m^ «»«.«,«•««;••«»
\ Waists' fome of them Q ? s .. f or lace, cloth or kid tops. g#jk A rBSrSISlUre SSargSinS
j£ Fan scao.V. sone a l£rL patent leather tips, a dre«y These 4 verv Special ojferinvs
K of tle th™m S TeJ ™ll /^ISk Sb ° 9 5aa " ?iZJS 2al Width3; S^¥^ ° re f° r t0 ' dlV ' fr - dlV ' Cn ' y -
fi po>d=; "w? K ot them all /\ "Mx\ ca spec'a! F a e to-day >®y\ • Sharing Stand— Sol d oak or mahogany
% atone pric*; they are / /V,®»1fV 2I> * Saturdiy; „_ J^^ finisn, has exten»ion French plate mir-
li worth r.'gularlv *$5.«J0 1 A\ W|i per pair & /*%$' ror, 10 inches ia diameter, wor'h
g to ,«8.5). w v «viW Mf Men ' s Tan Shoes Ras5ian $? " ?;0> r rice Frid3y -— S6» 75
iU Sa'u day gj^ SS\ \ "V 1 j °\ [ calf, lac d. G >odye tr wet to'.es. Combination Bookcase and Writing Desk
$ ™'' _ . * n ;-J I) / new broad Lenox to>, cqni! -So id oak, eoiden finish. S2 inches
I* 910 *? 0 , DC ! y M (X^^inappeara^ca and wearin K • wide, a hnnd'om3 $12.50 tfQ «-
VK Sktrts $7,45 - In b ack. W k\f# qualities to iro«t $5.00 n?c? of fa niiura. to-day &&.*<&
: | fe 'ZFT^Tr 6 ; O3 ' ; °^ \ '°- oak. 4i inches wide. 6J
H SfaVl; :«oi 'tolV <%- $ 7*&S VA d d J JJ" d SjtUr - feot high, arable S he! T?S .ldr,wer
n* * == --_J y Qa b*>'ow, our regiar pr.ee mm--
U i/^rm»S^ ii?O Spo. today only $21.75
ii > . (y^A - mrm - •> m~ Parlor Suite— 3 piec35, mahogmy finished
g Spec I IS. p^» • Ga*GCei*£e$''-Lni§Z3QrS frame*. fi»t-c!a» «pho-9tarin S . cov-
X Cambric Corset Caters S u Thew shpr-Lils fnr Fri inv nnh> ered ia hind^ome pattern ?i'k dimask.
K K athered bani at w*i": MvM\ n . S * s P ecMis J or rniay only. our rexB , ar ppico fo - th9 3 £>--
gi four rows cf lac in *>¦ fcto^ \ Coffee— mr iam^? .Tav.i a^d Mochi— 1>- F i 8 c?s $6"), on sa!e to-day only %p*rO
% lion and lace ed?e ; M 32^ \ da? 3i b '" for & °°! re.- lb 22c
X neck and B'fcw; finsle' fS^^^) I Oysters— -Victory' brsnd; txtra 8* andards; \.'r
IC seams: pearl Inttn; W^l/ / 2 lb CI - s : to-day 23o f*-»mmm**<%4 CnA«**'»f<e»
U pzes 2t to 4 fl ; wtI! /TfT^A Cranberries-^ Chpe Cod;, io-day 3 **arpBJ VpeUiaiS.
ti $1.00; special <«„ — -^ ¦' qnrt«.... 25c 10-Vfire Tapestry Carpets— Best grade.
j* todiyonly...... &OC » Walnuts -new SDft shells; strictly fascv; to- worth $1 per yard, o «. special mwg»
&* • H'avy Mmlin G iwn — witn yoke of em- d.iv2Ibs.. .*. 25c sa e to-dar only mOG
g broidey iwer'inn and lucks s"zss 14 Heinze's LiWe Pearl Onhns— in iraft: tS Heavy 9-Wire Tapestry Brussels- Ai
K 15 and 16: regn arly $1.00; *pj- «l-.y. p*r q^art 25c excel en t wearing carpet, worts 9 c
facial to-day **§**. Ubby - B Fork and Beans,— to-iay. 3- b per yrri. oa special sale to- -y-
{?• __ ¦_ __ _ __ t ; n-. e*r* day tnly O^4*
I Men's Underwear 87c. Scotch' whiskey' -^n^l^'-i -
g. Silk Fleeced — The maker guarantee* th<? • years 0 d; i..-diy. bottle OSo
t fl?eciiT of th s> parments to bepnre Port or Sherry— onr regn'.ar "*$ll?Jo ver 35c
J eilk: very comiortable for tho«ewhi eaUon qoaitv; to-day only $1,OO « C flH , fl .
1 a^jsgsss^fi? ppifsiii^p ia 220.
ti longht lot will be plsced on sale to- onl - v ' r bottle 75d [Mj^J Thse heavi'y enameled
*C day and Sa'urdav, f&r gar- o — . • tw>qaart sauce or ?tew-
J* mint O/C Sheet iWlUSSo t»irs. worth 3 c: on aa!e <n^
*> r~ e~* Ai 7O Psr Ceni Discoun *' FrWay; each
tf lX.l&SSW8l*Q O3i8i To-day we offir a iarpe • ssortman^ of shfe
§ $l_ 233 Gild Band music, only a sing e copy of etc 1 piec^, __ ___ .. _
] %f jg^^K^^^&P^G as 'Sugar Bowls, amonj them soni3 of tha be»t ptjb ica- MJfSSS XSinUtntJ OCm
% T~^^[ ) 4\ y/ s 'P-onhadprs and t ions o; the John Church Mas'c Coranany, N>ary 2'00yir1s of 8: aid 10c Brush
5 jb=—^l^^^V C:eara P.tcher?, casic.il. some popular, at 70 per E ge D-ess Bindings best quality of '
• I "* ~^J\ ¦/ w °rth 23c and 35c cent off publisher's pt ices. va veteen h^ad ng. all gooa colors — '
5£ \,.^i^/^>~-^l^ <?ach; to ba closed This makes our r ga'ar oCc pieces fSo — naviea, browa3, grays, modes, greens. •
j£ r iminri^ out to-day .^ o'hera in proportion. etc. — ao b'ack; oa special sa'e «»
*t at •;••• "C.Vew Music Dep't-Rear Second Flocr. to-day oaly, per yird. — OC ]
ADVEBTISEMEMTS.
,<j Kaatzaann Steps In Lucke*« Shoes, ji
|
¦" ' "ttmmt *mY\ ' - \ fcjL \ ! •
;; Ouraim is to retain all of ?
'~ Lucke's former customers w
¦>. and get many new ones. Part /
S of our policy is outlined in a M
; : few words: Mothers gener- ;A
5 ally say where the family is -i.]
-:: to buy their shoes — we in- l:j\
jJ tend to please the mothers. ijS
r;; Children are hard on their ''¦:':
, '?, shoes, so we have brought : ::
S out a shoe that will \vcar J
:il them longer than any other £
ri shoe they ever had at the l- : :
;;3 price. ?.:
¦•: It is a strongly made, ser- £\
:'i viceable, lasting, durable, all- j^i
1:3 around good shoe with fine ;!!
'¦J uppers and a firm, solid sole : '-\
*! that will wear like so much '¦?.
••j iron. I;:
::!j We say to mothers: If the ;•::
::': shoes don't wear satisfactor- ::•
}3 ily, bring them back and Ret Hi
;? a new pair at no extra ill
'•i charge. Our salesmen are in- S
•j structed to tell every cus- ¦:'
'; tomer of our Ktiarantee; %
I Children's and misses' kid :]•
; or box calf shoes in lace or ;.-i
:•< button, extension edge soles. !•'
¦: sizes 6 to 8 1S1.OO :'::
.,'¦::¦ sizes 8 z / 2 to 11 $1.25 !•;
:• sires liH to 2 91.50 ¦•:'
::: I \*^ fcskeplv ujckes * XtJ ::;
:; 832 MARKET ST.S.F I
* *j ¦*' '
Snaps ! Snaps ! Snaps !
if. . . m
You have any use whatever for a
piano LOOK AROUND and then
come to us. WE ARE GOING
TO SELL
z Curtaz '
( Shsw
JUST A LITTLE USED, from
$145 up.
Every one strictly guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SOX
CHICKER1NG PIANOS. ;
?6-!8- O OVARKcLL ST.
J0&+^^ PAINLESS
ULh_" aJ?^ 1^^ tI5?4 GEART ZTHEET
Between Hyde and Larkln.
reles&onc Polk 1X3. r ]C ALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
"LOVE IS A BUBBLE"-M., City.
"Love Is a trouble, life Is a bubble" is to
be found In a song written by John Oliver
Hobbes, and is taken from "A Study in
Temptations," by the same writer. Music
by F.Allitsen. This answer was furnished
by a friend of this department.
MAIL TO DAWSON- Brownie, City.
Arrangements have* been made by the
Postofflce Department by which letter
mail will be carried to and from Daw<on
City "during the winter months. As soon
as the Upper Yukon is closed by .ice the
carrying of anything, but first ¦ xlass mat
ter will be discontinued until • the river
ooens asaln.
in. your name the legal way to do so Is to
make application to the Superior Court
of the county in which you reside, setting
forth the reason for a desire for such
change. ; ,".
MARRIAGE LICENSE-^E. J. P.. City.
.If you have lost your marriage . license
you can obtain a certified copy thereof by
application to the County Recorder and
paying the usual fee for transcription and
certification.
LECTURES— A. H., Portland, Or. Lec
turers who go from place to place to de
liver their lectures do not publish such
lectures In pamphlet form. There may
appear in the local papers a synopsis of
i such lectures.
CHANGE OF NAME— Subscriber, San
Jose, Cal. If you desire to make a change
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
GIRL'S COSTUME.
The costume represented is of drab and
white striped silk. Bolero and skirt are
trimmed with yellow guipure in the form
of rosettes. The waistband is of plain
drab satin and guipure Insertion. The
sleeves are tight, with puffs of white
moussellne de soie at the elbows.
NEW YORK. Oct. 25.-The following
Callfornlans ore in New York: San Fran
cisco—T P. Bodkin is: at the Albert: J.
Ehrman and wife are at the Netherland:
M Jones is at the Grand Union; L. Phll
lln's and wife are at the Plaza; W. Russell
is at the Aster; F. P. Seabridge Is at the
Rossmore; F. Seabury is at the Afetropoll
tan' J H. Shine is at the Grand Union;
Mrs. V. Thlbault is at the Colonnade; W.
I, Whitney is at the Holland; Miss Ready
Is at the St. Denis; H. Sweeney Is at the
Delaven; II. Curtis is at the Earlington;
D.. Hogan is at the Murray Hill; A, E.
Magill is at the Earlington.
Los Angeles— Mrs. Baldridge is at the
Continental; J. H. Crumrine is at the Hol
land: W. Garland is at the Hoffman; F.
A Reed Is at the Murray,: Hill; C. N.
Sterry is at the Holland. ; -
Stockton— J. Garwood Is at the Imperial.
Kureka— r>r. G. A. Dungan >ls at the
Broadway Central. «
CALIFORNIAUB IN NEW YORK.
Briggs— Wonder how_ Stover la doing
nowadays?
Grlggs— Oh. he must be doing finely;
must be making no end of money. You
know he has always been troubled more
or less with rheumatism. Well, he now
calls it gout.— Boston Transcript.
"I see that you have added to your col
lection of golf sticks. Miss Frocks." said
young Mr. Postlethwaite.
"I do not understand you. Mr. Postleth
waite," rejoined Miss Frocks. "My col
lection of golf sticks has been complete
bo far aa I know." *
"Perhaps, but I saw Cholly Goslln on
the course with you this morning."—Har
per's Bazar.
Husband (at dinner)— My, my! This Is a
regular banquet— worthy of a Delmonico.
Finest spread I've seen in an age. What's
up? Do you expect company?
Wife — No. but I presume the cook does.
—New York Weekly.
"What seems to b*» the matter with
him?'" asked the doctor, approaching the
bedside of the man who lay swathed in
bandages.
"He found the ga3 leak," explained the
nurse. — Chicago Tribune.
"That's just the way things go."
"What's the matter now?"
"Why, somebody has Invented an auto
maton that plays the piano; but nobody
invents one that can cook and wasti
dishes."— Indianapolis Journal.
"The room was torn up as If some ter
' rible struggle had taken place there."
j "Well, that doesn't necessarily imply
j deadly combat; maybe some man was
merely trying to get into his last year's
flannel underwear."— Chicago Record.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
It is hardly necessary to say the rivalry we are pre
paring for the older States will be beneficial to them.
The magnificent ships built . in our shipyards have
been an incentive to Eastern builders to improve upon
their former, methods. We shall see whether they can
beat the Wisconsin. If they cannot; we shall rely
upon the Union Iron Works to improve upon .".it.
There are more battleships to be constructed. The
end is not yet. Thecrown of achievement has not
been reached. The Marine Journal would better ad
vise its readers to make ready, for a prolonged hustle.
Just why the Marine Journal should note the tri
umph of Pacific Coast shipyards with. either sorrow
or anger is not clear. The upbuilding of this coast is
not going to injure the East. If, however, such feats
as we have accomplished make them sorry, then much
sorrow is in store for them, for it is as sure as any
thing in the future can be that the Pacific Coast will
soon be engaged in manufacturing on an extensive
scale in all important lines of industry. With the de
velopment of the commerce of the Pacific Ocean there
will grow up all along this coast extensive industries
in the manufacture of all kinds of goods needed by
the peoples of countries facing on that ocean. The
successes achieved in the way of building ships attract
more attention than those attained in other lines, but
they do not 'Stand aione. Battleships are not "the
only pebbles on the beach" of Pacific Coast industries.
We are preparing to challenge the East all along the
line, and the cry, "Pray first and hustle afterward,"
will have to be sounded to more people than ship
builders. ¦»«... .
Commenting upon the telegram the Marine Jour
nal of New York says: "This furnishes what philoso
phers call food for thought. After the first blush of
surprise at the audacity of the Pacific Slope in chal
lenging the East in the science of iron ship building,
and battleships at that, we can only settle down to the
conviction that there is much , more behind it than
Western swagger. * * * When' we rub the in
credulity out of our eyes the fact stares us in the face
that the slope is accomplishing wonders in its ship
yards. More than thirty Vessels is the record for the
past three years. * * * More in sorrow than in.
anger we have to admit that the East is not the only
pebble on the great coastline of Uncle Sam's do
minions. Let us pray— and 'immediately thereafter
let us hustle."
BY a simple telegram to a friend in the East an
nouncing the results of the test of the Wiscon
sin Irving M. Scott has stirred up the ship
builders of the Atlantic Coast and set some of their
oigans to wondering what will happen next. The tele
gram said: "The queen of the,. seas was crowned
when the Wisconsin made her record to-day — 18.54
knots, maximum; average for thirty-two knots, 17.9;
average for whole trial, 17J4. The West challenges
the East to try again."
e CHALLENGE TO THE EAST.
Captain W. R. Wing of the Boston firm
of AVing & Wing, owners of several big
whalers, arrived at the California last
evening. He will be in tho city for a week
or two.
W. B. Blddle, freight traffic manager of
the Santa Fe at Chicago, accompanied by
his family, Is enjoying a few days* vaca
tion in the city.
William Sproule. freight traffic manager
of the Southern Pacific, Is in Denver at
tending a meeting of the freight traffic
men. .
George J. Denis and wife of Los An
geles have taken apartments at the Occi
dental for a few days.
W A. Bowen, a prominent planter and
commission merchant at Honolulu, is at
the Occidental.
F I Herron: who is interested In large
oil wells at Los Angeles, Is registered at
the Palace.
W. L. Gazzem of Seattle is at the Occi
dental.
Dr. j." J. Tully of Stockton is at the
Grand.
T. H. Oxnard. merchant at Los Angeles,
is at the Palace.
William S. Gage, a New Tork merchant.
Is at the Palace.
F. G. H. Bowker, a Vancouver mining
man, is registered at the Occidental.
Hancock Banning, one of the owners of
Catallna Island, is at the Occidental.
W. S. Haustein and William E. Wolff,
New York merchants, are at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The whole question of proper labeling is one on
which the people of California can well afford to take
a strong stand. We have more to gain than to lose
by right labeling. ' If the decision of Judge Lacombe
b<: extended to all sorts of labels the people of Cali
fornia will have no reason to be dissatisfied.
That view of the case has been taken by many of the
foremost authorities in the wine trade. Thus The Call
recently received a note from Lee J. Vance, editor of
the New York American Wine Press, approving the
stand The Call has taken upon the matter, and say
ing: "There is no doubt that some of the labels on
California wines must be changed, and it is a good
time to change them now. Thus far few persons or
few papers have defended the use of foreign names on
our native wines. It seems to be settled that our
winemakers have no moral, legal or business right
to use such names."
It is because of the experience we have ourselves
had in that direction that a majority of the people of
California approved the decision of the French
authorities of the exposition concerning Cali
fornia wines that were labeled as French
wines. It is recognized here that there is no
reason why our wines should be wrongly
marked. They are fully able to stand upon their
merits, and the reputation of the State as a wine pro
ducing country will be increased when all her wines
are sent to market clearly marked as California
products.
It has been known for a long time that a good deal
of cheap and comparatively worthless fruit produced
in the East and prepared for market there is branded
with the word "California.". The sale of such tends
to prejudice the consumer against all California fruit,
and the wrong done is. therefore much greater than
appears on the surface.
Should this decision of the Circuit Court receive
confirmation from the Supreme Court and stand as
the law of the land a great victory will have been
gained not only for honest labeling but for pure food.
It has long been the custom for the manufacturers of
spurious wines, beers and foods of various kinds tc
place false labels upon them. Such articles are not
always harmful — indeed as a rule they are harmless
enough — but they are of an inferior quality and their
sale is an injury to the consumer and to the trade of
the men whose brands are counterfeited. ,
A VICTORY FOR RIGHT LABELING.
SOME time ago the various brewing. companies
of Milwaukee filed in the United States Circuit
Court a bill of complaint alleging that a certain
New York company was using the word "Milwaukee"
upon labels of beer not made in that city and was
selling the same as Milwaukee beer. They asked for
a perpetual injunction, and the court has recently
granted it. The report of the case states: "Judge
Lacombc's order perpetually enjoins the defendant
from selling or offering for sale any beer in recep
tacles bearing the word Milwaukee, excepting onlj
beer actually brewed in the city of Milwaukee, Wis."
The advance sheets of the United States
consular reports give some interesting data
on the petroleum industry. Richard Guenther.
Consul General at Frankfort, reports, as fol
lows: "It is reported on good authority that
Russian petroleum Is gaining ground In Ger
many and England, while in China It has so
iar not been able to successfully compete with
the American product. The imports of Ger
many were, in the first three months of 1900.
42,795 tons of, Russian and 213. "j63 tons of Ameri
can petroleum. The total Imports for the year
1899 were 110. 1S7 tons of Russian and S2S.913
tans of American. In Great Britain, only a few
years ago, American petroleum had almost a
monopoly. From January 1 to August 1. 130O.
the fmports' were' 3.020,800 .gallons of American
rnd 2.840,000 gallons of Russian petroleum. The
reason for this Is said to be the fact that large
Russian oil fields have been acquired by Eng
lishmen. China imported in the first six months
of 1900, 3.50O.COO cases of Russian petroleum,
against 6.410,C00 cases In the same period of
1S39. and 6,100.000 cases of American petroleum
during the first six months of 1900, against
4,£20,000 cases In the same period of 1S39." "
The Nonpareil Oil Company has struck oil at
its well on the Alvarez ranch, on Lewis Creek.
about twenty-five miles from King City, ac
cording to the Salinas Damocrat.
"Old Glory" stock has been sold at the Los
Angeles Oil Exchange as low as Me per share.
Xot long ago It was advertised for sale in the
East at 75c per share.
The Bakersfleld Calif omian says: "A week
or two ago a combination contracted for twenty
acres In 25-28-27.. making partial payment on
a total of $30,000. Since then an offer "has been
received of $10,000 bonus for a lease, the lessee
binding himself to sink three wells within a
year and to pay for the land at the end of
that time the sum of $S0.00O."
Over 2O.C0O acres have been secured by Mack
& Keith and M. Green and B. D. Pike near
Orovllle for exploitation. Other partle* have
smaller tracts.
The S. and S. Oil Company has leased SCO
acres of land from the Occidental Company in
the Kern River district.
Oil men in the Sunset district believe that a
second oil belt extends through that section
about two miles to the fiouthwest and parallel
with the present line of development.
Membership In the proposed Oil and Stock Ex
change at Bakersfleld will cost $100.
The Los Angeles Times says concerning the
Summerland field: "While local companies ap
pear to be getting satisfactory results from
new wells those who are laboring to pick up
the vein to the east and west of town are
meeting with' disappointment. The only exten
sion of the Held known is to the south, and
therefore seaward. Several holes are being p\it
down at Carpinterla. some as far as 100« feet,
but the result Is ndt encouraging."
One day last week the oil refinery. at Chlno
Bhipped twenty-two carloads of refined oil.
The Puente Oil Company has fifty wells pump
ing and has started U> sink others.
The Sespe Canyon Oil Company is about to
search for oil in the Sespe Canyon, about eight
miles north from Fillmore. The company owns
abcut 960 acres.
material waa thrown up that nhovels bad to
be used before operations could b« resuratd.
An entirely new district will be developed In
the city limits of Los Angeles at Highland Part
and Garvanza. Samples of oil have be«n pro
cured at a depth of ten feet. Six wells will be
jut down within the next half-year.
A. B. Butler. C. A. Canfleld and E. U Do
heny have requested the Attorney General of
the United States to send a special representa
tive to California in reference to investigating
the operations of the Bcrlppfrs-- ¦
The biggest well in Kern County is said to
be the Dabney No. 2, which is credited with
flowing about 400 barrels per «2ay.
The Monterey OH Company has r«ache3 the
first sand, but will go deeper. ¦
Oil indication* have been discovered at Chula
Vista, Pan Diego County, and a company will
he formed to sink a well.
The Los Angeles Times of October 1« reported
that "the California Oil and Stock Erchang*
has made no call since September JOf they an
r.cunce that they will probably turn their at
tention more particularly to mining stocks In
the future."
Kern Oil Company's No. 4 well dropped Into
a pocket of ga« that blew up with force enough
to carry off the roof of the derrick and threw
eand in the air to a great height. The dis
turbance lasted only ten minutes, but so much
The Pacific Consolidated Company Is reported
to have made a strike at a depth of 1200 feet.
The place is several miles from the McKlttrlck
and Sunset district and Is practically a new
field. . ...W'
So much gas arises from the wells of the
West Shore Company in the Kern River dis
trict that an electric light plant will be In
stalled, there being danger from any other 11
lumlnant.
"In the yeor 1S38 there were Imported into
the State of California 1,740,027 tons of coal.
To supplant this 6,794,278 barrels of oil will bo
needed. The perfect cleanliness of fuel oil
and the simplicity of supply and - regulation
make it the moat desirable substitute for coal.
As lonsr as coal remains at $7 50 per ton In
California it cannot be expected that oil will
fall below its present price— at least not for
some years to come. A comparison of the con
gumption of fuel oil with that of coal shows
3.33 barrels of oil are equivalent to one ton of
pood Imported coal. Figuring oil at $1 40 per
barrel and coal at $7 50 prr ton, it shows the
copt of oil to be {1 66 as against i" 50 for its
eaulvalenttln coal. Moreover the labor re
quired to operate with coal Is far greater than
with oil, in most cases It being nearly double."
The State . Mineralogist has recently visited
Ran Ardo district, which Is between King City
and San Ardo. In Monterey County. The San
Ardo and Monterey Oil companies are operat
ing there and also several others. "If they get
one producing: well In San Ardo district," said
Mr. Cooper, "that district will be the equal of
ar.y In the State. The district is about seven
miles long and one mile wide." Mr. Cooper is
satisfied that tho day is not far distant when
oil territory will be selected' by greoloKlsts on
account of favorable structure and position. Ir
respective of Burface bitumens. ' A somewhat
Interesting computation made by Mr. Cooper is
as follows:
SDeaking of the expectations entertained in
various, parts of tho country concerning the
productiveness of oil wells, Mr. Cooper said
that in Ohioabou^t eighty wells are drilled per
annum, and these Ohio wells average only
about ten barrels per day each. They are
pumped until they yield only one-half barrel
per day. CalifornJans would not think of
operating wells on such a low basis of produc
tion. "The Kern River district alone." said
Mr. Cooper, "should yield over 1,000.000,000 bar
rels of oil. The sand averages 100 feet In
thickness and the area of the field" is about
fifteen square miles. Perhaps that oil will
bring 90 cents net. Illustrating the possibili
ties that are In the oil sands Mr. Cooper said
that one field In Russia, of less than twenty
acres In extent, has already yielded 35,000,000
barrels of oil.
The history of the oil fields of tho world Is
that they have been started In shallow and
have been deepened. All California wells are
comparatively shallow.'
Mr. Cooper said that practically the same set
of facts had been found to be applicable wher
ever petroleum has been found in the oil fields
of the world. Assuming it to be the fact that
petroleum owes Its origin to the distillation of
carbonaceous matter, there is a probability of
getting petroleum way down to the metamor
ohlc rocki Near the surface, and down to a
dopth of several hundred feet, evaporation has
dlsDosed of the volatile matter and tho oil Is
comparatively thick. Down below the possible
IpvpI of evaporation is thinner and more valu
able oil.
A. 8. Cooper, Rtate Mineralogist, nays that If
the future realizes what may reasonably be
expected, from existing conditions, the value of
California's petroleum output will in four years
catch up with the gold production of the State.
Mr. Cooper also made several other interesting
statements. H« says tho probability is that
where the shallow oil fields begin to fall, it
will be only necessary to go down another 500
feet in depth to secure a new supply and that
the oil on the lower strata will be of better
quality than that. lying nearer the surface. T»K
lne" this view of the case, Los Angeles has
really only begun to develop its possibilities in
petroleum.
State Mineralogist Cooper Pre
dicts a Great Future for the
Oil Industry.
OIL OUTPUT WILL EQUAL
THE PRODUCTION OF GOLD
• CHICAGO NEWS— It is not necessary to
go into the details of the>construetlon of
this first ship to sail the axure deep of the
sky. The great fact which every one can
at least partially comprehend Is that the
dream of centuries has at last been real
ized and that the problem which has
heretofore baffled the inventive genius of
the greatest century the world has seen
has at last been tentatively solved — solve<l
probably as fully as by Fulton in the
steamship or by Morse In the telegraph.
ST. PAUL PIONEER PRESS— What the
Pioneer Press is laboring -to bring about
is a state of public opinion which will re
sult in State and Federal legislation and
in voluntary action by the lumbermen
themselves which will Rut a stop to the
wholesale devastation of.our remaining
forests and the adoption' of appropriate
methods for the reforestation as far as
possible of lands which have been cut over
and which are still capable of a regrowth
of the young pine.
NEW YORK TRIB1TNB: — The world la
learning to regard William II as a states
man as well as a sovereign, and as an
uncommonly able and benevolent states
man, in whose hands the destinies of his
empire are as safe as they could be in
the hands of any man. That Is the fact
that vindicates the Emperor In being hi3
own Chancellor and that makes a "Chan
cellor crisis" at Berlin an Incident of noth
ing more than passing personal interest.
ATLANTA CONSTITUTION— Let us
make the mest we can of our cotton, but
let us at the same tfcne buttress our situ
ation by those other avenues of profit
which, more than anything else, can cut
down the cotton acreage. Albany was
once nothing but a cotton center. Now
she drinks artesian water, holds hay carn-
U-als and plants her spare acres in pecans.,
There's money in it. and there's escape
from the cotton speculator as well.
NEW YORK TIMES— But. although Mr.
Bryan's Madison Square audience was a
Tammany audience, it was made up of
Intelligent men, and he did not fool them
for a single moment. They were Inter
ested in him; they were curious about
him, but It Is plain that they cared very
little about what he said— that is. It waa
Bryan, not Bryan's professed principles,
that interested them and brought them to
the Garden.
BOSTON HERALD— It is of no avail to
say that Bryan is not a man who can
stomach Croker. This is not the proper
statement of the case. Croker has stom
ached Bryan. He was against him four
vears ago. He ha3 now taken him in.
and. so far as appearances go, Bryan is
far better satisfied with his situation than
Jonah was when taken in by the whale.
NEW YORK MAIL AND EXPRESS-
Should the day ever come when the
United States will be constrained to take
up arms in defense of the Monroe doc
trine it Is likely to find placed at its dis
posal the fleets and arnues and resources
of the 60.000.000 Latin-Americana who have
come Into the council of the nations un
der its protecting shadow.
PHILADELPHIA NORTH AMERI
CAN—The United States is the most con
servative great nation in the world to
day that governs Itself by parties and
under parliamentary forms. The respon
sibility of the intelligent voter steadies
him. Bryan is a man for a revolutionary
era. and the American spirit Is the re
verse of revolutionary.
CHICAGO TIMES - HERALD — Great
Britain has had a practical monopoly of
the world's export coal trade. We
are already masters of the iron and steel
situation. If we can add to this a final
control of the fuel situation In Europe our
supremacy in the manufacturing world Is
completely assured.
NEW TORK COMMERCIAL. ADVER
TISER—What the Kentucky Democrats
of the Legislature seem not to understand
is that the public opinion of the country
regards the two crimes, public and pri
vate, the Goebel law and the murder of
its author, with almost equal detestation.
BROOKLYN EAGLE— Every address of
Mr. Bryan since his speech or acceptance
hac been an error's crown of error. Every
step toward him or with him of those at
heart agal.nst him has been a blunder^
and, worse, the nearer they gtt to him
the more signally lamentable .their mis
take.
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
business of the country has been restored. •_ The fac
tories and the shops and the great productive enter
prises are again at work, so that you have consumers
at home as well as abroad. We sold last year to Europe
more than we bought of Europe. We sent more Ameri
can. products to the Old World, produced and made in
the United States by our own labor, than we ever sent
out of the country In any year in all our history: ana
more than three-fourths of our exportations came from
the fields and farms of the United States.— Speech at
Arcola, Illinois, October 15, 1S08.
Why should any considerable number of the Amer
ican people give heed to the office-seeking demagogue
who is trying to excite discontent and dissatisfaction
when every intelligent man knows that the patriotic
words of McKinley have in no way exaggerated the
loyalty of the army, the patriotism of the great
masses of the people and the abounding prosperity of
all? We have a great country and a great President,
and why should we listen with patience to a man who
tells us We will be robbed of our property, de
prived of our liberty and reduced by militarism and
plutocracy to abject serfdom if we do not vote for
FRIDAY OCTOBER 26. 1000
¦ — — — ¦ ¦ r ~
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address AH Communication* to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE .Telephone rrwii^M
PUHLICAT1ON OFFICE... Mnrket nnd Third. 8. F.
Telephone Pre»« 2O1.
EDITORIAL. BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenion St.
Telephone Pre«« 2O2.
Delivered by Curriers. 15 Cent- Per Weelc
Mnirle Coplen. 5 Cent*.
Term" toy -Mall. InclndlnR Po«ta«et
"DAILT CALL ilncludlnK Sunday), one year •••<™
DAILY CALL, (including: Sunday). « months ••<"
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), * months *-W
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 6 ~
SUNDAY CALL, One Tear l "™
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 10 °
All pommaMem are authorised to recelre
¦iibKcrlptlnni.
Sample copim will be forwarded Then requested.
Mall rubwriber* In ordering chance of addreM »hould be
particular to «1ve both XEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request. .
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS nroadwny
C. GEORGE KROCSESS.
Menager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building. Chicago. ,
<Lor.R Distance Telephone "Central t«l».")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPIIEX II. SMITH 30 Tribune Boildtnsr
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. a Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Hcuoe; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
•WASHINGTON <D. C> OFFICE. . . .14«« O St., 7T. W.
MOBTOX 13. CHAXE, Correspondent.
BBAXCn OFFICES 5S7 Montgomery, comer of Clay, open
until S:S3 o'clock. «00 Hayes, open until »:30 o'clock. 633
McAU!««r. open until 9:30 o'clock. £15 Lurkin. open until
CM o'clock. 1941 MiMlon. open until 18 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until t o'clock. 1C9< Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty -wcond and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
THE RE-ELECTION OF LOUD.
WHILE Mr. Loud stands before the people of
the Fifth Congressional District as the repre
sentative of Republicanism and the champion
of the McKinley administration, it should not be over
looked that his claims upon the voters for re-election
are higher than those of partisanship. He is the fore
most Californian in the House; he holds there a
higher position than any other; he has an influence and
a prestige there of great value to the whole Pacific
Coast, and that influence he never fails to exert for
the benefit of all.
It is an honor to the people of the Fifth District
to be represented at the national capital by a man of
sufficient ability and repute to enable him to command
the chairmanship of one of the most important com
mittees of the House. It should be, furthermore, a
gratification to them that their representative has
used his high position to benefit not only his own
district and his own State, but the whole country.
Among the younger leaders of the Republican party
in Congress none has done more for the improvement
of the government and the general good of the people
thin Mr. Loud has done in improving and extending
the service of the postoffice. Had he achieved noth
ing more than the establishment of the rural free deliv
er}' system he would still take rank among the Con
gressmen whose work entitles them t to be ranked as
progressive and constructive statesmen. Mr. Loud has
done more to augment the usefulness of the Postal
Department than any other man who has been in
Congress for years: but the full measure of his pro
gramme of improvement has not yet been accom
plished, and consequently his defeat would be felt as
a loss to the whole country.
California has been comparatively without influence
in Washington because for a long period of years she
nas changed her representatives so frequently that not
even the ablest and most faithful had time to make
his worth felt in the House. A continuous succession
of new men have followed one another from district
after district in the State, and as a result in the making
up of committees none of them obtained chairman
ships. The people of the Fifth District were the first
in California to perceive the folly of such fickleness
and to adopt the New England plan of choosing a
good representative and re-electing him term after
term. They are now enjoying the benefits of that
wisdom. They have a representative who can do
more for them than any other representative they have
ever had. They see the proofs of it all around them.
In the city the evidence of Mr. Loud's service is seen
in the magnificent postoffice building now in process
of construction, and in the rural portions of his dis
trict it can be seen in the free delivery' system, which
has not only provided them with a great convenience,
but by reason of that convenience has added to the
value of their homes.
From the cordial greeting with which Mr. Loud has
been received at all of his meetings in the district
satisfactory conclusions can be drawn of the inten
tion of the people to re-elect him. The one danger is
that of overconfidence. Every Republican in the dis
trict should work for Mr. Loud and work earnestly.
The candidate who represents all the sound and well
tried policies of the Republican party should not be
set aside for a man who represents Bryanism, neither
should a Congressman who ranks among the leaders
of the House be set aside for an inexperienced man
who could not aspire to a chairmanship of even the
humblest and most insignificant committee. One
good turn deserves another, and since Mr. Loud has
stood firmly by his constituents, they should as frmly
stand by him.
JACKSON-STREET WIDENING.
rOR an organic law under which extensive pub
iic improvements were contemplated it must be
said that our new charter is doing very well.
Every time a project for bettering the condition of
the city is placed bc f ore the people somebody dis
covers a provision in the instrument which blocks
progress altogether or places insurmountable ob
jects in its path.
A few days ago the North Central improvement
Club, an organization of property-owners residing 1
rorth of Clay street, filed a petition with the Bo?rd of
Public Works asking that estimates be made for the
preliminary cost of widening Jackson street from
Montgomery avenue to East street, offering to take
charge of the expenses and pay them out of its treas-..
ury. The presentation of this petition was preceded
by considerable work and calculation, and it was
thought some money might be saved if the expenses
could be paid by the officers of the club instead of
being contracted for by the liberal subordinates of
the Board of Public Works.
It appears, however, that this arrangement is not
authorized by the charter. One of the numerous de
partment officials of tV>e board has examined into the
question and discovered that no action can be taken
in the direction of widening Jackson street between
the thoroughfares named until the North Central Im
provement Club has deposited a sum of money with
the Commissioners sufficient to meet the cost of ad
vertising, engineering and printing. Exactly what
these items will amount to is not stated, but the club
has been informed that not even an estimate will be
made of them until somebody guarantees that the in
cidental labor will b; paid for.
We do not know that this necessarily puts an end
to the project of widening Jackson street, but it inter
poses an obstacle which it will require time to over
come. The purpose of the North Central Improve
ment Clnb is to lift up and place upon its feet the
northern portion of the city. This region is afflicted
with cobbles, dilapidated sidewalks, decaying build
ings and narrow streets, and for twenty-five or thirty
years no one has paid the slightest attention to its in
terests. It is thought that by widening Jackson street
a broad, level thoroughfare to the ferry can be es
tablished, around which will cluster important busi
ness houses, and which will bring in its train a long
line of private improvements.
But at every step of their progressive movement
the citizens interested in this portion of the city seem
to have been met by charter objections. While they
are overcoming the difficulties it would be. well for
those of them who voted for the. adoption of the in
strument to repent of their folly. So far as real
progress is concerned they seem to' have jumped f-om
the consolidation act fryingpan into the charter fire.
There is more than one way in which" our republi
can independence can make reprisals for the preten
sions of effete royalty. King Leopold of Belgium has
become the partner of a mining speculator of Colo
rado. King Leopold has money and thinks that he
needs some experience in his business.
.Our English cousins on the racecourse have some
very pronounced and unique notions of American
sportsmen. When an American loses the English
consider him to be a good fellow and a sport; when
an American wins the English are sure that he is a
sharper and a cheat.
The Supervisors intend to send an expert to ap
praise the Widber property at Mountain View. It
is a safe bet that his Highness the Mayor, after his
hefting experience, will not be the man.
The Georgia swain who positively declined to wed
a baldheaded girl probably feared that in the exigen
cies of domestic quarrels he .would be at a serious
disadvantage.
Thr State Board of Health will meet shortly in this
city to discuss quarantine affairs. This ought to give
our local bubonic board an opportunity to ask for a
vacation.
SOrt\E WORDS OF McKINLEY.
v
DAY after day for weeks past the papers of the
country, in fulfillment of their duty as news
gatherers for the people, have published the
iteration and reiteration of Bryan's harangues. They
will have to continue to do so for some days to come.
In the meantime McKinley keeps the silence which
the dignity of his high office imposes upon him. His
words are not spread before the country every day,
and it is therefore right and fitting that something of
what he has said upon issues Bryan is talking about
every day should be recalled to the public mind.
Bryan has been lovd in denouncing the army, join
ing it in the general condemnation which he pro
nounces upon "militarism" and "imperialism." Here
are some of the things McKinley has said about the
army:
What a magnificent army was mustered in less than
sixty days! More than two hundred thousand soldiers
responded to the call of country, coming from the homes
of our fellow-citizens everywhere, the bravest and the
best, willing to go into foreign territory to flght for
thft honor of our flag and for oppressed humanity. There
was no break in our column. There was no division
in any part of the country. North and South and Kast
and West alike cheerfully responded.— Speech 'at De
catur, Illinois, October 15, 1S53.
The heroes of Manila and Santiago and Porto Rico
have made immortal history- They are worthy succes
sors and descendants of "Washington and Greene, of
Paul Jones, Decatur and Hull, and of Grant, Sheridan.
Shorman and Logan; of Farragut, Porter and Cushing;
of Lee. Jackson and Longstreet.— Address at the Trans-
MissiPPippi Exposition at Omaha, Nebraska, October 12,
1S98. .--;.-;¦¦;
At Bunker Hill liberty was at stake; at Gettysburg
the Union was the issue; before Manila and Santiago our
armies. fought, not for gain or revenge, but for human
rights. They contended for the freedom of the op
pressed, for whose welfare the United States has never
failed to lend a helping hand to establish and uphold,
and, I believe, never will.— Speech at the Auditorium, At
lanta. Georgia, December 15, 189S.
Bryan has been making daily appeals to class antag
onisms and sectional prejudices) but McKinley has ad
dressed himself with patriotic gladness to -the task of
directing attention to the of the country.
As an offset to Bryan note these words:
We have had such a revival of patriotism in this
country as we have never had since the earliest days
in our history- For the first time for more than half
a century. North and South are united in holy alliance,
with one aim, with one purpose, and with one determin
ation—to stand by the Government of the United States.
That is what the war has done for the people of the
United States. — Speech at Tlpton, Indiana, October 21,
1S9S. -¦¦
My countrymen, net since the beginning of the agita
tion of the question of slavery has there been such a
common bond in name and purpose, such ' genuine
affection, euch a unity of the sections, such obliteration
of party and geographical divisions. National pride
has been again enthroned; national patriotism has been
restored; the national Union cemented closer- and
stronger: the love for the old flag enshrined in all
hearts. North and South have mingled their best blood
in a common cause, and to-day rejoice in a common
victory. Happily for the nation to-day, they follow the
same glorious banner, together fightings and dying under
its sacre<i folds for American honor and for the human
ity of the race.— Speech in the Coliseum, St. Louis, Mls-
Bouri, October 14, 1SSS.
Calamity and disaster, present or to come, are all
that Bryan finds to talk about. McKinley has noted
other things. Compare these words with Bryan's:
We have srown from a little more than three minions
of people to seventy-five millions. We have become the
greatest agricultural and manufacturing- nation of the
world. We have been making progress at rapid strides
!n all the arts of peace. We have a nation from whose
history we need not turn away. We can study it with
pride and profit. We can look back without regret* or
humiliation and forward with hope and confidence.—
Speech at Clinton, Illinois, October 15, 1S9S.
We are a mo*t fortunate people. "We not only have
a revival of patriotism among: the people, but. we have
a ireturn of prosperity to"; the . Our; business
conditions " ure \ uood ' at home, and- our trade is good
abroad. The producer has more and better- consumers
tfcan he had a. few ye*ars ago. That Is because" the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 2fi, 1900.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
• HOTEL DEL' CORONADO— Famous . for grolf,
hunting,' fishing;. :, ac«nery.(culalne, : perfect cli
mate and the social position and ] culture of it!
patroni. "At 4 New Montgomery at. or. 641 Mar
ket st..' • city,': «et Information and rates. /
When the new gun, which fires "curves" with
deadly swiftness, is introduced on the diamond it is
a safe bet that if the umpire has any, kicks to register
tliey.'will not be against the pitcher.
Editor Call: I see that Mr. Phelan ex
plains why the troops that march down
our streets to-day do not hear the cheers
they ' did i two years ago. "but , can he: ex
plain why Mr. • Phelan . does not , hear the
cheers when he marches down . the street
to-day that he did two years ago?
I hope that Mr. Phelan will explain and
let us know : the reason why. Yours re
spectfully, • :¦¦ o . ¦-.-¦_- J- S. W.
:San Francisco, Oct. ; 2a, 1900.
CAN. MB. PHELAN EXPLAIN f
¦WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— L. R. Mead is
at the Arlington; P. McO. t »lcBean is at
the Shoreham. Both are of San Francisco.
6
Manufacturers of birch beer have been
detected cutting down birch trees In Van
Cortlandt Park. New York, to set the
bark to flavor the liquor with.
Special Information supplied Ally to
business houses and . public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Best eyeglasses and specs 20 to 40c. Look
out 81 Fourth^ front barber and grocery. •
Cal. slace fruit 50c per tt> at Townsend's.*
AUCTION SALES.
By Emll Or>hn— This day, at 11 o'clock, Furniture, at S16
Fulton Btreet.
ADVEKT1SZMENTS. -
A I/ r Or
children growing nicely ?
Stronger each month? A
trifle heavier? Or is qne of
them growing the other
way ? Growing weaker,
growing thinner, growing
paler? If so, you should try
It's both food and medicine.
It corrects disease. It makes
delicate children grow in^
the right way— taller,
stronger, heavier, healthier.
¦ 50c and fft.eo. alt dranists.
. SO3TT&aQW^E-.aumi»-j»J^wXaA.,
¦*.:..-¦,¦>--¦••.¦¦«-.-¦. - : .- - .— ¦
AMUSEMENTS.
ColciEbU— "Quo Vadlm."
Tlvoli— "L* Gloconda."
Alhan-.br» — "Brown'e in Town."
California— West'* Minstrels.
Orjiheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-houpe— "Madame Sana Oene.*
Grand Opera -heus«»-M»urtoe Grau Opera Company. Mon-
day eveaias, November 1J.
Alcaiar— "A Soldier of the Empire."
Olyxnpla, corner Mason and Eddy etreeta— Specialties.
Chutea. Zoo and Theater — VaudevlUe every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer* #— Vaudeville.
Ehennan-Cley Hall— Grand Floral Exhibit.
fcutru Bathe — Open nights. mNOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the »*arly morning tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of' occurrence as to time of
day. the third time column the third tide and
the last or rlsrht hand column itlves the last
tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
Siren are In addition to the sounding on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slcn (— ) precedes the heigrht, and
then the number given Is subtracted from the
depth given by the chart.". The plane of refer
ence Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Pslled Oct 23 — Ship John C Pctter, for Hono
lulu; pchr V," II Talbot, for Sydney.
TOUT HADLOCK — Arrived Oct 25— Schr
Oceania Vance, hence Oct S.
Sailed Oct 2."— Schr J M Weatherwax. for San
Francisco.-
POUT l5DS ANGELES— Sailed Oct 25— Er
Fhi)>M'romort>"5lilr<\ for Oregon.
COOS BAY— Barbound Oct 2.>-Stmrs Empire
ami Arcata. for Pan Franrifcu.
SANTA UARI1ARA — Sailed Oct 23— Stmr
Santa Barbara, for Pan Francisco.
ASTORIA— Paile.I Oct "3 — Ptmr Ptate of Cali
fornia, for Pan Francisco; stmr G W Elder,
for Sar. Francisco.
GREENWOOP-Sallert Oct 23, at 6 p m— Stmr
Greenwood, for Pan Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrival Oct 25— Stmr Na
tional City, with brls Pitcalrn In tow, henc? ,
Get 24.
POnT LUDLOW— Palled Oct 25— Schr Maria
E Smith, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAIMO— Sailed Oct 24— Br stmr Robert
Adanwrn, for Sap. KranclRCO.
COLON— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Finance, from
New York.
Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Alllanca, for N'ew York.
HIOGO—Arrlved Sept 27— Jap stmr Kiushju
Marti, from Seattle.
LIINDY ISLAND— Passed Oct 27— Br ship
Inrtore, hence May 30, for Gloucester; Br bark
Bandanelra. from Vancouver, for Cardiff.
IIONGKONO-Sailed Oct 24-Br Ptmr Em
press of Chlnn. for Vancouver.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 24— Br ship Pin
more, for Ant wero.
LIZARD— Passed Oct 24— Br bark Glyds, hnc
May 16, for Queenstown, with loss on foretop
callant mast.
FA LMOUTH— Arrived Oct 24-Ital bark Pre
cursore, hence May 15: Br ship Primrose Hill,
hence June 7. Oct 25 — Br bark Gladys, henca
May 16.
CARDIFF— Arrived Oct 25— Br bark Bandan
elra. from Vancouver.
CALLAO— Sailed Oct 24— Ger stmr Hathor.
for Pan Francisco.
MAZATLAX— Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Assyrian,
from Halifax: Btmr Commonwealth, from Bos
ton; stmr Oermanic, from N«w York. .
Sailed Oct 25 — Stmr Cambrian, for Montreal:
stmr New Knirland. for Queenstown.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Oct 25— Stmr Rotter
dam, for Boulogne ar.d New York.
BROWHKAD— Passed Oct 23— Stmr Bovic.
from Xew York, for Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Arrived Cct 23— Stmr Trier,
from Bremen; stmr Donna Maria, from Lis
bon.
SallPd Oot 23— Stmr La Bretagne, for Havre:
stmr Kaiser Friederich, for Hamburg, via
Plymouth and Olierboure.
QtJBKNSTOWN— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Ger
manic, from New York, for Liverpool.
Sailed Oct 25— Stmr Teutonic, for New York,
from Liverpool; stmr Khynland, for Philadel
phia, for Liverpool.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Oct 24— Stmr Lahn.
from Bremen and Southampton, for New York.
IX>Nrx">N— Sailed Oct 25— Stmr Manltou. for
New York.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE
TO SAIL.
United States Coast ¦¦ and _ Geodetlo Survey-
Times •:¦ and ' Heights • of High .• and Low
:¦¦->. Waters at • Fort - Point, , entrance ¦ to San
. Francisco Bay. Published by , official ': au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The, high and low waters occur at the
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Branch- Hydrographlc Office, U. s. N., Mer
chants' Kxchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
October 25. 1900.
The time ball on the tower, of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. - •.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich • time. ' - t
CO.* CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, 17. S. N., In charge.
Time Ball.
DEATH CLAIMS THE SECRETARY AND MANAGER OF THE MER
CHANTS" EXCHANGE. A WELL-KNOWN MASON. KNIGHT TEM»-
LAB AND MYSTIC SHRINER AND AX ODD FELLOW.
CAPTAIN HENRY T. EMERY.
managrr and secretary of the
Merchants' Exchange, died at St.
Luke's Hospital early yesterday
morning. About the first of the
month he was taken sick with pneumo
r.ia. and when in a fair way to recover
Briuht's disease of the kidneys showed
Itself and that finally carried him away.
<'» p tain Emery wa.« well known all over
th<- State of California. He was a Mason.
r Mystic Shriner. an Odd Fellow and a
Workman. Th<> funeral will take plar*
from Masonic Temple next Sundav and
will be under the auspices of the Knights
Templar.
Captain Emery came here Jn 1853 on a
British merchantman. Soon thereafter he
became an American citizen and later
commanded American vessels. Later he
became secretary of the. Merchants' Ex
change while the late Captain J. M. Shot
well was manager. When Captain Shot
well died Captain Emery became manager
and secretary.
Several people have been named to suc
ceed him. but the mos»t favored candidate
eeems to be Chief Clerk Jerry Dailey.
Captain Kmery was a little over 60 years
of age at the time of his death.
Ivy Chapter Entertains.
Ivy Chapter of the Order of the Eastern
Star gave an entertainment and dance
Wednesday night in Golden Gate
Hall, which was attended by nearly
all of the member* and rnanv of
their friends. The hail was 'pret
tily derorat*Kl and manv of the ladies
«ren in evening costume". The number
on the programme were presented be
tween dances. There were Relectlons hv
a maJe quartet, a recitation by Mls« Nel-
lie Summers, amusing selections by W. J.
Hynes and vocal solos by James G.
Fraser. D. M. Laurance and Clarence
Wendell. The function was under the d«
rectlon of Roy T. Klmball« patron; Mrs.
Frances L. Bonlfield. matron: Harriet T.
Noah, associate matron, and Samuel C.
Wallis. chaplain of the chapter.
Captain Henry T. Emery Suc
cumbs to Pneumonia at
St. Luke's.
ANOTHER OLD-TIMER
CALLED BY DEATH
The phlp had headgear carried away and other
slight damage. ThoVpchr was uninjured.
. The brig W O Irwln at San Francisco reports
en Autc 21 passed upright spsr or mast with
appearance of - having been In the water a
long time. In lat S7 43 JT, Ion 119 3S W. ;•¦,*
LONDON. Oct 24— Br ship Elginshire, from
Taccma, reports Captain Hannah died on the
voyace.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 25. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 6 milr*.* ¦
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr Tillamook.
hence Oct 20. •>•¦' : "--- "<'¦¦'* ¦•
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 25— Schr
Sehorae. hence Oct 15.
.-¦¦¦-•¦¦¦
Landing.
Schr Roy Somers, Sotland, Grays Harbor.
SPOKEN.
Sept 25. lat 26 8, Ion 42 W— Br ship Arr&n
more. from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
July 1. lat 11 N. Ion 120 W— Br ship Primrose
Hill, hence June '7, for Queenstown,
MISCELLANEOUS.
* Schr R C Blade, while coming to an anchor
off Melcgs wharf Oct 24 drifted on to the bow
of the ship Star of France lying at anchor.
Thursday, October 25.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Guthrle, 12 hours from
Mom Landing.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, 15 hours from Fort
Brasir: bound to Ban Pedro; put In to lanJ
passengers.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 26 hours from Moss
Landing.
Br stmr Victoria, Blake], 4 days from Oys
ter Harbor.
Ship Slntram, Larsen. 14 days from Lorlnir.
Ship Occidental,' Watklns,- 14 days from Se
attle.
Bark Empire, Knaclce, 13 days from Oyster
Harbor.
Barge Santa Paula, Nielsen, 44 hours from
Ventura.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel. 12 hours from
Bowens Land In-.
CLEARED.
Thursday. October 23.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
klna & Co.
Br stmr Port Stephens. WKltehead. Manila,
via Honolulu: U S Government.
Schr Gen Banning:, Uennewltz. Altata: Wm
Olsen.
SAILED.
Thursday, October 25.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Samoa, Jacobs, Eureka.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, Greenwood.
Fimr Santa Cruz, Hlnkle southern coast.
Stmr Columbia, Doi«n, Astoria.
Stmr Sequoia, Wlnkel, San Pedro.
Br stmr Port Stephens, Whltehead, Manila
via Honolulu.
Bark Levi G Burgess. Youngrirren, Taeoma.
PY bark Anjou. L« Cruner, Queenstown.
Bchr Gen Banning, Bennerwltz. Altata.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Johannsen, Iversens
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Notice la hereby given that on the 21st of
October the three-pile beacon from which. this
fixed white light wan shown on the lower end
of Sand Island bar, Willamette River, Oregon.
«•&* carried away and the light extinguished.
The beafon and light will be re-established a3
soon as practicable.
This notice affects the "JAnt of Llgnta ana
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast. 1900," No. 1C9. pag«
80; also the "List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast, 1900," page 60.
By order of the lilghthoum Board.
W. P. DAY.
Commander, U. S. N.", Lighthouse Inspectoi
Notice to Mariners.
SWAN ISLAND BAH LOWEIt TOST LIGHT
WILLAMETTE RIVER. OREGON.
The Kranclnpo loads lumber on the Columbia
River for Callao. owner's account; the Spring
bank, wheat to Europe, 35s, prior to arrival;
th<> Two Hrothers, coal from Tacoma for Hon
olulu; the W. G. Irwln, merchandise to Hon
olulu.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Dr. McDonald Arrested.
Dr. G. C. McDonald was arrested by the
Federal authorities yesterday upon a com
plaint charging him with having boarded
the British ships Albyn and Crocodile be
fore the vessels had been admitted to pra
tique by the Federal quarantine officers.
He was released on ball.
TWELVE flays on her beam ends
and fifteen days on a coral reef.
Is the experience of the British
ship Sprinpbartk during her run
from Newcaatlej N. S. W.I to San
Franclpco. For days it looked as though
she would never get c.n an even keel
again, and then for weeks it seemed as
if Ehe could never be w&rped off the
reef. Still Captnln Hoyd ami his men
persevered, and finally the ship was got
Jnto drep water atrain. There was twen
ty-t/ree feet of water in the forppeak and
two feet of water under the main hatch,
but the collision bulkheads heid and the
ship was saved.
"i'he Springbank left Newcastle, N. S.
W., on July 26, with 38SO tons of coal."
said Captain boyd yesterday. "We had
fine weather until August 8. when we wero
in latitude 'a uegre<-3 13 minutes south,
longjiuae 174 uegrees 8 minutes east,
'intie a terrific hiuijcane struck us and
thiew the fepnugiianK on her Beam ends,
'i tie cargo BuUtcd to port and tor twelve
aa>s -vst wallowed in mo trougn of the
b£tt.
"in cider to get the ship before the
wino. we had to cut away tne sneeis and
h&ostus and tvtn then we nau a terriDie
time ot it setting the ship oil an even
Keel, big seus made clean breecries over
her and tlie cabin ana forecastle were
gutted, wnne the cook was wasned out
of the gauey. and for nearly a week we
haa to tat canned meat and hard tack.
"On August 24 we crossed the equator
and had lair weather for several week3.
"On September 11 In latitude 'Jo degrees
3 minutes north, longitucie U'i degrees 45
minutes west, the snip ran on a reef.
A. lien I gat oK acck we were bard and
fast and the cnances seemeu against us
ever getting oil. When I could make an
obserxation I found we were on Ltsiansky
Island, a small coral aftair discovered by
a captain in the Russian navy and named
after him. It Is al-out six miies In cir
cumference and stands up about forty
feet out of the waier. It is overgrown
with grass and is encircled by a reof
which on the west side torus a lagoon
two and a half miles wide In which tnere
is good anchorage. Near the south end
of the Island there is a basin which was
once a lagoon. Now it is overrun with
weeds ana is gradually filling up.
"There is a plentiful supply of fresh
¦water to be secured by digging a few feet,
and birds, fish, sea fowl ana turtles are
there, in thousands. The men caught the
fish, birds and turtles with ease and wo
fared* well during our stay on Lisianskv
Island.
"When I found what a predicament we
were In I at once brpan to lighten the
ship forward. Wo jettisoned 415 tons of
coal and then after fifteen days of heav
ing and hauling we got her out through
the channel and into deep . water. If
seamed that as soon as we got on" one reef
we were hard and fast on another. Once
re were able to make sail again the
pumps were sounded and I founo twenty
three feet of water in the forepeak.
I-uckly the collision bulkhead held and
as the coal had all been taken from the
forward part of the ship we made fairly
good progress. Once away from Lisian
sky Islfinu we had strong northwest to
southvest v.-lnds and made a good run to
San Francisco. We will discharge our
coal cargo as soon as possible and will
then go on the 1'nfon Iron Works dry
dock for an overhauling."
The Springbank Is anchored off Meiggs
•wharf and does not show anv traces of
the struggles she has been through. She
is weather-beaten, but then so is every
•hip that makes port after an eighty-eight
day run. Tne chances are. however 1 , that
many of her plates are sprung and it will
cost considerable to repair her.
Melanope's Cargo Ordered Sold.
The eonslgnf>?s conspnting. United States
District Judge d» Haven yesterday or
dered the sale of 1000 tons of scrap Iron, a
part of the cargo of the ship Melanope,
libeled for the freight. The iron was con
signed to the Great Western Smelting- and
Refining Company nml was left here un
claimed. It was taken charge of by the
Collector of the Port, to be held for the
consignees and for delivery to them upon
payment by them of duties and other
charges if such payment were made with
in twelve months, otherwise it would be
sold at the end of that period. The con
signees having consented to an immediate
wile, the Collector is protected and the
customs duties and charges will be first
taken out of the proceeds.
Caught m a Hurricane m the bouth Paeme and Thrown On
Her Beam Ends, in Which Condition She Drifts
for Twelve Days.
BRITISH SHIP SPRINGBANK MAKES PORT
IN DISTRESS AFTER EXCITING VOYAGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1900.
BRITISH SHIP SPRIXGBAXK THROWN OX HER BEAM ENDS IN A
HURRICANE WHILrE ON HER WAY FROM NEWCASTLE, AUSTRA
LIA, TO SAX FRANCISCO LAST AUGUST.
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
flve minutes later than at Fort Point; the
heiarht of tide [* the same at both places.
7
Steamer. From. Due.
Eureka Humboldt. Oct. 2S
Corona iSan DieKO Oct. Zt
Garlic IChlna and Japan Oct. 26
Mnoklnaw ISeatMe. Oct. ?A
Luella San Pedro Oct. 26
Cleone Tlllamook Oct. 27
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 27
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 27
Argo Coqullle River Oct. 27
State of Cal.... Portland m c t, 2?
Ne«bur»r San Pedro lOct. 2S
Wellington .... Oyster Harbor |Oct. 2S
Czarina ..... Seattle Oct. ii
Bohltn. Newport...., Oct. 2S
Goo. W. Elder.. Portland.... Oct. M
PrORreso Tacoma Oct. 2S
Chas. D. Lane. Seattle Oct. 28
Pomona ...A... Eureka Oct. 2S
Curacao Mexico Oct. 29
Mlneola Tacoma Oct. 33
Walla Walla..; Victoria....... Oct. 29
W. H. Kruijer.'. Orays Harbor Oct. 29
Alliance Portland... lOct. t)
Robt. Adamson Nanalmo.... .........lOct. 23
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor ...(Oct. 29
Hnnta Rosa. San Diego (Oct. 3'i
Willamette .... Seattle lOct. 30
Tellus Oyster Harbor lOct. 80
Acapulco ' ...... Xew York Oct. 31
Crescent City... Crescent City Oct. 31
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
Sails.
I Pier.
. , . i . ¦ i 1 I l.i
laqua ...... fHumboldt |Oct. 26. 1 pm|Pier ..
Coo» Bay. ..(Newport |Oct. 26, 9 ami Pier 11
City PeklnplChlnn*.TnpanlOct. 2B. 1 pmlPMSS
Eureka .... Humboldt |Oct. 28, 9 am Pier 13
Corona .... San Dtcgo..... Oct. 28, 11 am Pier 11
City Puebla Victoria Oct. 28. 11 am Pier 9
North Fork Humboldi Oct. 28. 8 am Pier 2
Colon |New York..... Oct. 2>. 12 mlPMSS
Pt. Arena.. IPolnt Arena.. Oot. 29, 2 pmtPier 2
Arcata .... Coos Bay Oct. 29. 12 m Pier 10
Empire .... Coos Bay Oct. 29, i pm Pier 13
Pomona ... Humboldt..... Oct. 30. 2 pm Pier 9
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Oct. 30, 5 pm Pier 13
G \V Elder. Portland Oct. 30. 11 am Pier 24
Bonlta ..... Newport..'..... Oct. SO. 9 am Pier U
Newburn .. Grays Harbor Oct. 30, 12mlP!er 13
Alameda .. Australia...... Oct. 31, 9 pmlPler 7
Czarina ... [Seattle Oct. 31. 10 am Pier 8
W. Kruger.|Gray8 Harbor Oct. 81, 5 pm Pier 2
Santa RosalSan Diego.. ...iNov. 1, 11 am Pier 11
Australia .iTahltl. ..jNov. 1, 6 pm Pier 7
Alliance ... | Portland...... [Nov. 1 .;.....'.
Berjcenhus .|Chlna&Japan|Nov. 2. 10 am]Pler 27
FRIDAY. OCTOBER 26.
Sun rises 8:2^
Bun sets 5:H
Moon sots 7:18 p. m.
0 iTJmei |Tlme| Time |Time|
» I Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
1 |HW L.W HW LW
26... 1:49 4.4 »:C9 2.9 12:10 6.4 7:15—0.3
tl ... 2:41 4.4 6:51 3.0 12:45 6.S 8:00—0.1
!8 ... 3:30 4.4 7:50 3.1 1:J1| 6.1 «:50 0.1
29 ... 4:27 4.5 8:S9 3.2 2:30 4.9 9:48 0.3
30 ... 5:16 4.7 10:20 3.2 3:451 4.7 10:43 0.5
31 ... 6:0H 4.9! 11:36 2.7 5:12 4.5 11:42 0 8
\ ... 6:47 5.2 12:42 2.1 8:38 4.5
FRIDAY. OCTOBER 26.
Sun rises 8:2^
Bun sets 5:H
Moon sots 7:18 p. m.
0 iTJmei |Tlme| Time |Time|
» I Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
1 |HW L.W HW LW
26... 1:49 4.4 »:C9 2.9 12:10 6.4 7:15—0.3
tl ... 2:41 4.4 6:51 3.0 12:45 6.S 8:00—0.1
!8 ... 3:30 4.4 7:50 3.1 1:J1| 6.1 «:50 0.1
29 ... 4:27 4.5 8:S9 3.2 2:30 4.9 9:48 0.3
30 ... 5:16 4.7 10:20 3.2 3:451 4.7 10:43 0.5
31 ... 6:0H 4.9! 11:36 2.7 5:12 4.5 11:42 0 8
\ ... 6:47 5.2 12:42 2.1 8:38 4.5
Steamer. From. Due.
Eureka Humboldt. Oct. 2S
Corona iSan DieKO Oct. Zt
Garlic IChlna and Japan Oct. 26
Mnoklnaw ISeatMe. Oct. ?A
Luella San Pedro Oct. 26
Cleone Tlllamook Oct. 27
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 27
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 27
Argo Coqullle River Oct. 27
State of Cal.... Portland m c t, 2?
Ne«bur»r San Pedro lOct. 2S
Wellington .... Oyster Harbor |Oct. 2S
Czarina ..... Seattle Oct. ii
Bohltn. Newport...., Oct. 2S
Goo. W. Elder.. Portland.... Oct. M
PrORreso Tacoma Oct. 2S
Chas. D. Lane. Seattle Oct. 28
Pomona ...A... Eureka Oct. 2S
Curacao Mexico Oct. 29
Mlneola Tacoma Oct. 33
Walla Walla..; Victoria....... Oct. 29
W. H. Kruijer.'. Orays Harbor Oct. 29
Alliance Portland... lOct. t)
Robt. Adamson Nanalmo.... .........lOct. 23
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor ...(Oct. 29
Hnnta Rosa. San Diego (Oct. 3'i
Willamette .... Seattle lOct. 30
Tellus Oyster Harbor lOct. 80
Acapulco ' ...... Xew York Oct. 31
Crescent City... Crescent City Oct. 31
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
Sails.
I Pier.
. , . i . ¦ i 1 I l.i
laqua ...... fHumboldt |Oct. 26. 1 pm|Pier ..
Coo» Bay. ..(Newport |Oct. 26, 9 ami Pier 11
City PeklnplChlnn*.TnpanlOct. 2B. 1 pmlPMSS
Eureka .... Humboldt |Oct. 28, 9 am Pier 13
Corona .... San Dtcgo..... Oct. 28, 11 am Pier 11
City Puebla Victoria Oct. 28. 11 am Pier 9
North Fork Humboldi Oct. 28. 8 am Pier 2
Colon |New York..... Oct. 2>. 12 mlPMSS
Pt. Arena.. IPolnt Arena.. Oot. 29, 2 pmtPier 2
Arcata .... Coos Bay Oct. 29. 12 m Pier 10
Empire .... Coos Bay Oct. 29, i pm Pier 13
Pomona ... Humboldt..... Oct. 30. 2 pm Pier 9
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Oct. 30, 5 pm Pier 13
G \V Elder. Portland Oct. 30. 11 am Pier 24
Bonlta ..... Newport..'..... Oct. SO. 9 am Pier U
Newburn .. Grays Harbor Oct. 30, 12mlP!er 13
Alameda .. Australia...... Oct. 31, 9 pmlPler 7
Czarina ... [Seattle Oct. 31. 10 am Pier 8
W. Kruger.|Gray8 Harbor Oct. 81, 5 pm Pier 2
Santa RosalSan Diego.. ...iNov. 1, 11 am Pier 11
Australia .iTahltl. ..jNov. 1, 6 pm Pier 7
Alliance ... | Portland...... [Nov. 1 .;.....'.
Berjcenhus .|Chlna&Japan|Nov. 2. 10 am]Pler 27
AMUSEMENTS.
CFF. I GOLF I SEE
Ot.D I PARADE I <J1J
1 2 P. M. I-
— j TO-DAY. I ~~~
ONI^Y TTIREE MORE PERFORMANCES OF
WNl. H. WEST' S
BIG MINSTRKL JUBILEE!
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
THE CZAR OF ALL. RUSSIAN MELO-
DRAMAS.
"FOR HER SAKE."
BIG CAST. MAGNIFICENT MOT7NTING3.
SEATS NOW ON SALE FOR SI>T' T^ T f^
PLANATORY RECITALS AT THE PIANO
ON WAGNER" S
"DER RINO DES NIBELUNOEN."
By MR. WALTER DAMROSCH.
Wednesday. Oct. SI •'DAS [ RHmaOUj;
Friday. Nov. 2 DIB ..«pVfRIED"'
Monday. Nov. S SIEGFRIED
Wednesday. £«£» GOrre^MMEnao"
¦Referred Spqtg. II 60. St and 50c.
GOUINBIA1&1
Last 2 Nights. Matisee Saturday.
The Great Whltney-Knowles
QUO VADIS
THE ALI^-IMPOSINO PRODUCTION!
BEGINNING
NEXT MONDAY-
STUART ROBSON
In Augustus Thomas' Costume Comedy,
OLIVER GOLDSMITH
TWO SENSATIONAL, TRIUMPHS!!
THIS EVENING AND SATURDAY MATINEE
."LA GIOCONDA."
SIGNORINA BARBARESCHL
SIGNOR CASTELUANO.
Ferrari. Nlcollnl. Lucentl. Poletlnl, Graham.
"CARMEN."
Saturday. Sunday Nights,
The Great Diva COLLAMARINI as "Carmen."
Rutso. Salassa. Repetto. Nlcollnl.
Schuster, ate.
Next Week— "AIDA"— "CARMEN."
POPULAR PRICES-Ec and 50c
nLVHEATRE r A>
last;three nights.
matinee to-morrow and sunday.
Howard Hall's Romantic Drama.
A Soldier of
the Empire!
A very much better piece of work than
the English melodrama, "The Great Ruby."—
"Call."
NEXT WEEK— NORTHERN LIGHTS.
ALF.. ELLTNOKOUSE. Prop, and Manager
PHONE SOUTH • T7»
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
—The Same Truthful Story Prevalla
Th» Greatest of all Farce Comedies.
BROWN'S
in TOWN I
With the Original Company.
POPULAR PRICES:
EVFNIVG -15c. 25c. 35c. fiOc and 75c
MATINEE 15c. 25c. 35c and 5Oc
Next Sunday Afternoon
THE WORLD BEATER.
Ko^KlNSOFTHE OPIUM RING
Breaking all Records en route. SEATS NOW
READY.
GRAND FLORAL EXHIBIT.
CALIFORNIA STATETLORAL SOIIETY
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. »S HALL,
223 SUTTER STREET. "
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
October 25. 26. 27 (Day and Evening).
SUTRO B^'THS.
OPEN NIGHTS
¦ OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 1O P. M.
ADMISSION 10c. - CHILDREN 5C.
Hiithlrr. Including A<lml»«lon. lie; Children We
ON AND AFTER MONDAY. OCT. W 1300,
THE SUTRO BATHS C£X)SE AT 6 P. at
Facts about EVANS" ALE & STOUT are that
they are the finest brewings !n the market &
ropulur from ocean to ocean. All dealer». •
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
McKINLEY and ROOSEVELT!
HON. WILL A. HARRIS,
THE ELOQUENT ORATOR OF LOS ANGELES,
6 HON. F. ~WT HOLLS,
OF NEW YORK,
Will Discuss Campaign Issues at
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
THIS (Friday)j:VENING.
GO AND^ HEAR THEM.
Tm» « j -ii GEORGE STONE.
" M. M. CT_ TTEIt. S^crf t»ry. Chairman Republican State. Committe?. •
Hale's. | Hale's.
th? latest style3 /KfT^w,^^ ap itf^f* ma " ord9rs
terns. specialty.
Market street, near Sixth, opp. Golden Gate avenue.
price surprises in housekeeping articles
the great basement salesroom provides some sur-
prising values to-day — values in kitchen utensils and
furniture that will strongly appeal to good thrifty house-
western washing machines
\S^ — size 1 8x23x10' 2 inches —
_^_JbJjJ were $4.50 each — now... $3.69
¦*^^^_ asbestos stove mats — worth
JV^^^ 5c each— only .3°
5J^S* . ' WWirtJ \M carpet tacks — all sizes^ —
IL^A 8 i worth 4c a package — only.2 r^ c
s:!^^3 washboards with zinc fronts
*^_ J£~ — worth 30c each — onlt....21 c
table knives and forks — cap-
pered — per set of six 77 C *| \ $£000W'
scales with scoop or platform j %5Jpli^p
— will weigh up to 26 pounds — j \ Z^^f^ti
were $ 1 .39 each — now 98 C \ \ i | -Mn j r
Male's washing soap— worth A^ | lM§|§?^
coffee mills— regular price 39c jg
each — now 29 C rn&T*
paring knives-regular price t *^*^\ n XJ\»\Z
ioc each— now . . . .^ 5 C RSaSS
,. . ltnofi with line. KalvnnizM
lioned sauce nans — tour-quart irr-.n rnhmwi P anpi».
Kr ' n holdlnp 40 lbs. Ice. W 9"; hold-
size— worth 39c each— only..23 c &£•!£%?&£: hcWlns
1
you will b? wjIc ma at our manicuring dspartm3nt — and welcome It.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 poisons the blood, irritates
the nerve-cells and causes
aches and pains in the tem-
ples, eyes, brain and spinal
cord. Headache, neural-
gia, impaired appetite, indi-
gestion, sleeplessness, nery- (
ous exhaustion and des-
pondency all point to the
weakened nerves that are
crying aloud for renewed
strength and health.
Tor disturbed sleep, heart pains, pal-
pitation, headache, nervousness and de- :
pression of spirits brought on by lonjj (
continued catarrhal trouble. Dr. Mile?
Nervine is without an equal."
Rev. L. F. John, Westerville, O.
D*. Miles'
Nervine
soothes the -nervous irrita-
tion, stimulates digestion
. and builds up health and
strength. Begin to-day..
Sold t>y druggists on guarantee
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Elkhart, lad.
Shorten
WITH
"Ko=Nut' ?
A Pure S'erlllzid Cocoanut Fat
Niver gets rancid. Twice the
shortening power of lard.
For Shortening and
Frying
Superseding Butter, Lard and
Compounds.
Doughnuts shortrn-d with,
and fried in "KO-NUT" are aD-
solutely un quiled.
Ask your grocer, or .write
India Refining Co.,
Philadelphia.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA MOUSE
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
NEWH ?«m^WW Sr-K-i H PANY
LAST THREE NIGHTS
Vtctorien Sardou's Masterpiece.
MIL SANS GENE.
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY as NAPOLEON.
MARY VAN' BUREX as MUE. SANS GENE.
MONDAY— -SECRET SERVICE."
EVENING PRICES 10c. 15e. i!5e. 50c.
A Few Front Rows in Orchestra. Tic.
MATINEE PRICES 10c. 15c. "5c. 50c-
Braneh Ticket Office— Emporium.
GRAND OPERA SEASON
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
From the Metropolitan Opera-house. New Torlc.
Beginning Nov. 12th at
MOROCCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOtTSE.
SALE OF SUBSCRIPTION SEATS Dally,
from 9 to 5, at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
Prices for f-eaaon ot SO PerJormancM:
Orchestra and Dress Circle $100
Back Rows of Orchestra ¦>>
Family Circle 50
Gallery 33
Proscenium Boxes, seating 6 $1000 and 709
Orchestra Loot SSCO and 900
Balcony Boxes (Palcos) seating 4. $500;
seatlnar 5. J6C0; seating « 7W
Applications for Boxes should be immediately
address-ed to MR. ALFREX* EOUVIEIU
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
Single Night Sale Opens November 7.
Price $2 to $7
WEBER PIAXO USED.
A REALLY SWELL BILL.
GEORGE EVANS, I.ES FBASET-
TXES, WOBIiD ATTD HASTINGS.
BLANCHE RING, LIZZIE B.
RAYMOND, EDGAR ATCHISON-
ELY, RATJSCHELE, TWIN SIS-
TERS HALE,
Last Week of
THE GREAT EVERHART.
Reserved Seats Kc: Balcony 10c;
Opera Chairs and Box Seats £0c.
MATINEES — Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday
CHUTES ANDJZOO. E r &£T
TESS AND HER BABY MONKEY.
THE CONGO FAMILY,
BIG. VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
TO-MORROW NIGHT— CAKEWALK.
Telephone for Seats, Park 21
FT^rWFR'CJ CONCERT HOUSE.
flatHJiH & Admission lOs.
Beatrice Franco, Jose Torres Ovando. Lm-
nette. Antcnlo Vargas. Cesare Allesandronl.
Sylvia Puerart and the Leons.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Matinee Sunday.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
The best evidence of tha popularity of
these hotels ran be found In the continued
patronage of those who on some previous
occasion have made them their head-
quarters when vlsttlnr San Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on the
American and European plan,
H\j hUh a e«m a»«
w ° J IJ Era B ™ 5 1? J8
T5DTTCJXI17Q *" OR BARBERS. H.4.K-
OJiU OXl£iO '"• bootblack.-*, batn-
houses. billiard tables.
brt".vers. bookbinders, candy>maker>. cannery.
(Syen, flounnllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hansrrs. printers, painters, shoe factories, a ta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHA>A.N BROvS., B0K
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
IA/. X. HESS. .
KOTABT PDdt.13 l.HJ ATTOSXfT-AT.^TT.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Clans Spreckels Bid;.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. SZ1 California St.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak men and women strong' and Mromr
r.ien and women stronger. Rooms S ud f, 47
Foat st., Saa Francisco, CaL
A SAN FRANCISCO GIRL VISITS
COUNTESS WALDERSEE.
THE HOW TO BOW TO
MINISTER CELEBRATE TRAIN
VS. HALLOWEEN A
THE. ===== FOOTBALL
ACTOR. THIP TEAM '
By GRACE FERN. B B B gV By AL LEAN.
——> — — — —
THE "~ Afl HOW TO
EVOLUTION CALL. PREPARE
OF THE October as, isoo. DAINTY
AMERICAN ===== SIDE
NAVY. | -S5JSS 1 PISHES.
Why San Francisco Will Cousin of Mark Hanna
Try the Potato Patch Faces Death on the
Plan. Desert.
SEE THE GREAT COMIC SECTION,CANDIDATES FOR THE NEXT ASSEMBLY
IN TWO MORE DISTRICTS DISCUSSED
Indications in the Fortieth Point to Election of Hamilton Bauer.
Wasson the Choice iri Forty-Second.
up of the Maine, when the country could no
longer hesitate in honor. The events that fol
lowed fully demonstrated the wisdom of Presi
dent McKlnley.
The people of the. United States do not yet
fully appreciate the greatness of President Mc-
Kinley. Take the Chinese problem. Can any
one say that from the Inception of the trouble
in China the President has made a single mis
take? And you may be sure the Bryanites were
watching for mistakes.
Bryan Responsible.
You all know Bryan's record on the acquisi
tion of our new possessions. The treaty of
peace hung In the balance. It lacked seven
teen votes for Us acceptance. Bryan in the
army had been imbued with the Ideas of young
Americans. He knew that no party responsible
for the defeat of the treaty could hope for suc
cess at the polls. He hurried to Washington
and by his Influence secured the acceptance of
the treaty which, as he knew, gave us sov
ereignty In Porto Rico, Cuba and the Philip
pines. And don't you lose sight of the fact
that we will protect that sovereignty.
Mr. Bryan talks a great deal about the con
sent of the governed. In the South the people
whose ancestors have lived there for genera
tions are not» allowed the franchise, and.
Bryan's supporters there urged him to stop
talkiri on that line, for they were not allow
in- tne "niggers" the right to vote. The
"consent of the ¦ governed" is not enjoyed by
thn black men of the South.
Now Bryan has taken up a new Issue, and
talks of the intimidation of worklngmen. The
next step with him will be over the abyss for
ever. Xo one can' ever win by constant re
treat. There are as many patriotic Democrats
in l(K>0 as there were In 1861. As Don M. Dick
inson says, we will not haul down the flag In
the Philippines so long a3 there are traitors
flrlne upon It.
I wonder if Mr. Bryan thinks he can estab
lish a firm »nd stable government in tho Phil
lrrlnes. where the people know nothing, of
civil covernment. In five minutes? ,He ls-go
in$r, without their consent, to establish a pro
tectorate. But what a mess he would make of
it. to withdraw our army and navy from. the
Philippines, leaving in full charge," with our
Government responsible for his acts, the man
who planned tho massacre of every man,
woman and child In Manila except the people
of his own tribe. Who Is this Aguinaldo, whom
they have dubbed the George Washington of
the Philippines? I presume Bryan in his cor
respondence has addressed him as George,
v.'ashlnzton Aguinaldo. Xow this man Is the
same who, in the revolt against Spain, sold
out for $6CO.0OO in Spanish gold.
I ask you, whatever may have been your
r>oHtics does Mr. Bryan's position appeal to
the reason of a single man here? We have a
title to the Philippines, sealed with the blood
oi our sons.
What the Future Holds.
The acaulsltion of the Philippines places us
nearer to the Orient than any nation of the
world. Looking to the Orient, "Jim" Hill Is
building six 22,000-ton ships and many smaller
ones are being constructed, to meet the prrow
lner commerce of the Pacific. The march of
the world's financial center Is westward. San
Francisco Is a geographical center, and young
men here will see It dominating the commerce
of the world. A few years ago Mr. Scott be
can buildinc 'ships here. A few years more
and there will be twenty shipyards building
ships here, and all will bless Mr. Scott for his
enterprise and courage.
President McKlnley Is the right man In the
rlsht place and on the 6th of November you
will re-elect him by a majority that will for
ever bury the heresies of Bryanlsm.
After several songs by the Rough Rider
Quintet E. I. Wolfe, candidate for State
Senator, was introduced and asserted that
in his career in the State Senate he had
fearlessly cast every votn there for the
best interests of the people.
Ho pledged himsslf. If elected, to work
and vote for a primary election law so
I do not attempt to deceive any Democrat
into votinz for me. I shall never add my
I shall UiscuFs a few of the issues that are
attracting the attention of the maws. Some
of the Questions have been already settled in
the minds of the p<»ople. Before starting out.
I notice a larpe number of the veTy youn«
men — pome call them the boys. We
are glad to have them with us. It Is well for
them to start out right In thin campaign that
mrans fo much for the honor of the flag and
the country.
Ladies and Gcntlen\en: There is here and
there along the pathway of the most barren
ar.<i Fevere life a. bright spot. Ten years ago
In thi« hall I was politically born. It cannot
but be cTatifyine to me to receive such evi
dence of your esteem and confidence in me. as
yoi:r reception to me to-niffht affords.
The applause accorded the Congressman
amounted to an ovation, and It was sev
eral minutes before Mr. Loud could pro
cefd. He said in part:
Ovation for Loud.
'•\\'e are hrre to-night in the interest
of the principles o* good government. 1
believe that the principles advanced by
the Republican party are for the best In
terests of the common people. There is
no gainsaying the splendid executive
power in thu Republican party as man
ifestf-d in the progress of America during
the last thirty years.
"We have upon the platform to-night a
Congressman who is a Republican first,
lust and all the time. He has no personal
ambitions or animosities that put him out
of touch with the party. Every worthy
measure receives his support and the peo
ple have shown their gratitude by elect
ing him five times and will show it again
by electing him next month for a sixth
time. It is with pleasure tha.t I introduce
Eugene F. I»ud."
Gustave Gunzendorfer, president of the
Thirty-seventh District Republican Club,
called the meeting to order and introduced
Irving M. Scott as chairman of the even
ing-. When the applause which greeted
Mr. Scott had subsided he spoke as fol
lows:
The large hall was filled, upstairs and
down; the aisles were crowded full and
hundreds were turned away. Enthusiasm
was at a hlgrh pitch and Congressman
L*md was given a reception that augurcl
well for the support that will be given
him at the polls In that portion of the
Fifth Congressional District.
speakers discuss the . political Issues of
the day. It was the greatest cilstrlcz
meeting held in San Francibco since the
opening- of the campaign, and It made the
Henry meeting- In t$e same hall the night
before "look like thirty cents."
OVATION FOR LOUD. •
Th.6 Congressman's Telling Speech at
Metropolitan Temple.
METROPOLITAN Temple would
have been filled by the crowd.
that gathered at Mowry Hall
last night to hear Congressman
Eugene F. Loud and other
TO-XIGHT at Metropolitan Temple
Will A. Harris of Los Angeles and
Professor F. W. Holls of Columbia
College will address the people.
Mr. Holls to-day xvill be the gue^t
©f President Wheeler of the State L'ni
versity and will talk at the students'
in eating.
Will A. Harris Js known as one of the
most elocsuent of California orators. He
¦was formerly a Democrat nnd Is one of
those whom Bryanism has driven Into the
Republican ranks.
A Republican rally will be held at Ma-
Fonic Hall, Fourteenth street and Rail
road avenue, to-night. Julius Kahn and
D. E. McKinlay will be the speakers.
Their popularity as campaign orators in
sures a large attendance.
General K. S. Salomon will leave the
city to-<!ay on a campaign tour. He will
ppc-ak at Orland this evening and at Gcr
mantown to-morrow night. General Salo
mon will a.ddre<:s the members of the Vet
erans' Home, Napa County, Friday even-
In?, November 2.
Frank L. Coombs, Republican nominee
for Congress In the First District, will
rpeak to the veterans at the home on
Monday afternoon. November 5.
Colonel George Stone, chairman of the
Republican State Committee. Is now
convinced beyond doubt that a solid Re
publican delegation of seven Congressmen
will be elected in California.
The State Committee received a mes-
Fage from San Diego yesterday, saying
that John Barrett. ex-United States Min
ister to Siam, made the last speech of the
campaign in that city Wednesday even
ing, and that the meeting which he ad
dressed was the greatest of the season.
Mr. Barrett will address the people of San
Francisco next Monday evening.
To-morrow evening at Murphy's Hall.
Ocean View, Eugene F. Loud, E. Myron
Wolf and local candidates will speak.
Let us go back and recall some history from
the fall of 1S97, when Democrats In Congress
were clamoring for war. Two strong men, the
President and the Speaker of the House, op
josed war. There was not a second shot In the
locker. Xever was a country more illy pre
pared for war than the United States. Day
by day this clamor continued until the blowing
He went to Hawaii and executed his orders
there and hauled down the flag. He came back
to this country and retired to his plantation In
Georgia, and there is no one now to do him
honor. Mr. Bryan has come to appreciate that
lesson and has ceased to talk about hauling
down the flar.
There was once a gentleman known as "Para
mount" Blount who hauled down the flag In
Hawaii. Who was Mr. Blount? A man head
anil shoulders above Mr. Bryan — a man who
had served In Congress for twenty years and
when he retired in 1S35 both sides in the
House united In paying him honor.
Mr. Bryan promises If elected at once to haul
down the flag and withdraw the army from th»
Philippines: He has not considered the fact
that a I»resldent has no power to cede away
any part of territory once acquired by the
Trlted States. He mljht Just as well cede
California hack to Mexico.
No one In this country wants an imperialis
tic zovernment. Imperialism cannot exist In
any country that has a schoolhouse on every
hilltop. The progress of every government is
Rway from imperialism, and toward greater
freedom for the people. Mr. Bryan seeks to
blind the eyes of the people with a phantom
that has no existence and never can have.
Imperialism Impossible.
If the Bryanistic party stands for anything.
It stands for free trade and free sliver. You
all know how Mr. Bryan insisted that free
roina^e cf silver should be fpeclflcally reaf
firmed by the Kansas City Convention. Wiser
men in the party had insisted that a new issus
was necessary if the party hoped to win. In
1S^6 free coinage was a new Issue. It carried
the people oft their feet for the time. I came
home to San Jose and found the people stand
ing about the streets— they had nothing else to
do — shouting for Bryan and free silver, but
reason prevailed and on election day the Re
publican majority was three times as large as
the usual majority.
The pnees of that dark period following 1S92
are fresh in the memories of all. With Mc-
Klnlpy's administration the country has sprung
up from the depths of the nlgut to the very
pinnacle of Its progress. ,
Tbe best index to the prosperity of a coun
try is Its accumulated wealth. We had been
borrowing money from Europe, until this ad
ministration, and now we are lending money
to Kurope. New York has become the finan
cial center of the world. The balance of trade
In our favor In the last three years has
amounted to J1.700,(rtX>,000. Until 1S37 London
wa« the financial center of the world. • Now
London waits with impatience for New York
to fix the pric- of securities of the world. It
E^ems to me that every man. looking to the
Interests of the country, must go to the polls
and vote for McKinley.
Kecord of Progress.
vote or voice to the support of any Bryon
istic principle.
Every one knows that the Republican party
stands for a protective tariff. Every ? one
knows that the Kepublican party is unalterably
cr-.osed to the heresy of free silver. I shall
not attempt to define my personal position, as
my opponent did from this platform last night,
but will content myself by saying that my
principles are the principles of the Republican
r>arty as interpreted throughout the land.
The way seems so clear to me that I cannot
eee how any man, reviewing the events. of the
rjast few years, need hesitate as to how his
vote shall be cast- In 1SS4 the people could
not be blamed for voting the Democratic ticket.
A majority of the voters had never lived un
der a Democratic administration. But the con
ditions are changed now. Within the memory
of all voters we have had four years of Demo
cratic rule and after it three and a half years
of ReDubllcan administration.
The United States 'Circuit Court of Ap-^
peals has adjourned until the ¦ first Mon
day Jn, November. .-- — - '--^
Court ¦_ of Appeals Adjourns.
Julian Arnold Beaches New Yoik.
Chief Deputy United States Marshal
Farish received a dispatch yesterday from
United States Marshal Shine at New York
C#ty announcing that he - had delivered
Julian Tregenna Blddulph Arnold to two
British agents who were -In waiting there
to , take toe . prisoner-: frx England^ ¦- -
Commissary W. J. J. Shaw reports to
the Chief of Police that the total number
of,rprisoners in the City Prison for Sep
tember was 3147. a -dally average of
104 9-10. - Tlfe cost of subsistence was $250.
For the same period last year under the
old system It cost $653 for the same num
ber, a saving of $403 being realized.
Cost of Feeding Prisoners.
THE Republican, nominee for the
Assembly in the Fortieth District
is Hamilton A. Bauer, apromlsing
lawyer and popular young man.
He Is the son of Emile Bauer,
Trpll-krown citizen and member of the
Republican State Central Committee.
The nominee is a Native Son of Califor
nia and graduate of Stanford University.
He received his first nomination from the
Fortieth District delegation to the B'jai
B'rith Hall convention and was subse
quently indorsed by the Citizens' Repub
lican party. '
Mr. Bauer commands the respect and
confidence of his fellow citizens of the
Fortieth District. His friends and sup
porters are confident that he will . make
an excellent record in the Legislature, be
cause he is capable and Independent and
will not take an order from the bosses.
The district is Republican In sentiment
end the indications are that Hamllto'n A.
Bauer will receive, as he deserves,, the full
•Tot* of hii party, •
Solomon P. Elias. the Democratic nomi
nee for the Assembly In the Fortieth, is
also a good man. He was a classmate of
Hamilton Bauer at Stanford and like his
opponent in the political field. directed his
mind to the study of law. Mr. Ellas is a
ready speaker and possesses energy and
ability.
The Fortieth District Is comprised of all
that portion of this city bounded as fol
lowe: Commencing at Avenue B and the
Pacific Ocean, continuing thence along
the center of the following named streets:
Avenue B to" First avenue. First avenue
to Turk street, Turk to Broderick, Brod
erlck to O'Farrell, O'Farrell to Van Ness
'avenue. Van Ness avenue to Sacramento,
Sacramento to Central avenue, : Central
avenue to California. California to the
east, line of the City Cemetery: thence
northerly In a direct line to the Pacific
Ocean, thence along the shore In a south
erly and westerly direction to the place of
beginning, together ... with:, the islands
knownaa the Farallon iBlandj. -y -^
WILLIAM D. WASSOX. Demo
cratic and Citizens' Republican
nominee for the in
the Forty - second District,
should be supported by the tax
payers and all other good citizens of the
district. If elected he will attend to his
duties in the Legislature. His constitu
ents visiting Sacramento for the purpose
of discussing affairs of legislation will
not be compelled to make a round of tha
saloons in order to find their representa
tive. Mr. Wasson is in favor of a Just
primary law. that will Insure every voter
an equal voice in the selection of candi-_
dates for office and bring the government
close to the people. Mr. Wasson has been
actively engaged in tne newspaper : pro
fession elnce '. boyhood." (¦_ He i s an active
member of the San Francisco Typographi
cal Union and an assistant secretary of
the Press Club of „ San Francisco.: He
possesses character as .well as ability, and
Intellect and his presence ; in the Legisla
ture would reflect credit .on the, people of
the Forty-second District.
Kelly and Crimminp renominated Lo
renzo A. Henry for Assemblyman to mis
represent the people of the district and
register the will of bosses. There is a
large Republican majority in the district
and the bosses fancied that the popular
ity of tho national ticket • would drag
Henry through, hence they stuffed itho
ballot-boxes and gave him * tho nomina
tion. At the last session of the Legis
lature Henry made about the smallest
legislative record ever, seen and on criti
cal examination it was found to ; bV- the
worst of its size ever produced. A vote
for L. A. Henry is a vote for Crimmins
and Kelly.
-The Forty-second Assembly District
comprises all' that portion of San; Fran
cisco bounded as follows: Commencing at
the Junction of the center of Market and
Mason streets. :, continuing .-, thence ; along
the center of tho following named streets:
Mason to Broadway. * Broadway., to . Hyde;
Hyde to Sutter, Sutter to Jones, Jones
to Market, Market to Mason, the place of
beflaping. < ¦-: • ; ¦— ~-r— »*«£:
- -*-** ¦'¦ '¦ ¦ ¦ -J .-¦';-->'•".> • .
No pledge of secrecy was demanded,
and to further strengthen her declaration
Mrs. Baldwin went away soon after on a
train. Mr. McClaughry had been absent
from the city for a few days and on his
return was greatly surprised to read the
announcement of his marriage.
-, Quite naturally Mr. McCiaughry was
anxious to deny that he had been mar
ried. He visited The Call editorial -rooms
yesterday and declared that the article
was correct In the assertion that he was
engaged to Mrs. Baldwin, but in making
the event -a matter of the past it was in
error. When told that the information
came, from parties whom Mrs. Baldwin
had assured that the marriage was a cer
tainty Mr. McClaughry announced that he
would depart for Reno In the afternoon
and there have the ceremony solemnized.
He kept his word, leaving on the over
land with his bride to be. His mother
accompanied them on the trip. The wed
ding will take place this morning.
Mrs. Anita Baldwin, youngest daughter
of "Lucky" Baldwin and divorced wife of
George W. Baldwin, is not yet Mrs. Hull
McClaughry. The wedding, however, will
take place to-day In Reno, Nev. The In
formation that the young people were
married, as published in yesterday's Call,
was given by a close friend of Mrs. Bald
win, to whom the prospective bride in a
moment of confidence had declared her
Intention to leave the city for Nevada In
company with her betrothed and have the
marriage ceremony which the California
laws would not permit of to be properly
l*erformed.
Mrs. Baldwin further stated that ar
rangements for her departure had been
completed and that Sunday was the day
Bet apart for the trip.
Young Woman's Friends
Misinformed of Time
Set for Wedding.
MRS. BALDWIN
IS TD BE MADE
BRIDE TO-DAY
In order to show their interest In the;
fight for better hours and salaries the
linemen of the, Independent Order of Elec
trical Workers, Local 6, San Francisco,
formed a special organization among
themselves. They will now demand the $3i
per diem salary and eight hours. The only
company which has . acceded to these
terms, the standard wages and hours of
employment, is the Independent Electric
Light and Power Company. •
While | perfecting their organization the
local" linemen claim they were spied upon
by detectives and the names of all those
Interested in the organization thus came
to the manager of the telephone company.
The result was the dismissal of Robert
Gale. -inspector of East office, on Sutter
and Hyde streets. All the men under him
were transferred to the main, office and
lowered in Uheir class of work.
The meeting of the linemen occurred on
October 15. On the 16th the .dismissal was
announced. Last Saturday J. A. McGin
ley and several others were, discharged. "
John I. Sabin . has given . out ; In one
breath that curtailment of expenses was
the reason , for the dismissal, and in an
other, according, to the linemen, that he
will reinstate the discharged. employes as
soon as the linemen of Los Angeles and
this city giveup the idea of a strike or
the adoption . of means to ; secure better
hours and a greater compensation for
their work.
The present discontent emanates from
the difficulties which the Los Angeles
linemen experienced In their contentions
with the company about a month ago.
The linemen of the Independent Order of
Electrical ; Workers of America, Local 61,
Los Angeles, thought they were not suffi
ciently recompensed for their labor and
they sent a committee to call upon Man
ager Hinchcliffe. He would not even
grant them a hearing. All the satisfaction
obtainable from' Hinchcliffe was the Infor
mation that John I. Sabin was running
tho company and not the employes.
The Pacific States Telephone Company,
of which John I. Sabin Is the president
and general manager, will in all probabil
ity be face to face, In a very short time,
with a general strike on' the part of the
linemen. Although no demands have as
yet been made by the linemen, who have
formed a special protective organization,
they will within a few days ask for con
cessions from the telephone company. In
stead of $2 50 a day they will demand $3,
and they will also demand that their
work be shortened from ten hours to
eight hours.
Telephone Company Will Be
Brought Pace .to Face
With Organization.
LINEMEN ARE
CONTEMPLATING
GENERAL STRIKE
"Mr. Johnson was astounded. I was as
tounded. Mr. Johnson, expressing bis sur
prise, withdrew his objections. I tell you
when I thought of a man wanting a $500
ofllce so badly that he would specA nearly
four times his salary to obtain it I real
ized that there must be something rotten
In Denmark. Mr. Dibble expected some
thing from sources outsida his office.
"Gentlemen, I leave these facts with
you. Elect a man that does not wear the
collar of a corporation; such a man as
can represent your interest disinterested
ly in the Legislature."
J. H. Henry, candidate for Congress in
the Fifth District, addressed the audience
on the campaign issues, as did Oalllard
Stoney, Oscar Sutro, J. T. O'Connor, T.
J. Fltzpatrlck. Daniel S. O'Brien and J.
A. Emery. Tne chair was occupied by
Edward C. Harrison.
when Dibble, rising from his seat, said:
*I hoDe that this bill will pass, for my
election to the Assembly under the pres
ent conditions cost me J1S0O.'
A large crowd gathered in Til ton's Hall. |
at Union and Gough streets, last night
and listened to the Democratic candidates
for Congress In the Fifth District, for the
Assembly in the Thirty-first and the va
rious aspirants for the office of Justice of
the Peace. The spiciest thing about the
affair was the arraignment of Henry C.
Dibble at the hands of ex-Assemblyman
John Falrweather of Fresno County.
Falrweather did not commence speaking
until late in the evening, but his scathing
excoriation of Oscar Sutro's opponent
held the house. After speaking of Sutro s
qualities Fairweather continued as fol
°"I S "am somewhat acquainted with Mr.
Dibble. Republican candidate for the As
sembly of this, the Forty-first District,
having served with him in the last regu
lar session at Sacramento, when the pur
ity of election bill was under discussion.
Grove X* Johnson, chairman of the Judi
ciary Committee, was opposing tho bill.
complete that it would stand the test of
the Supreme Court.
Senator McGowan Speaks.
Senator Frank McGowan was the next
speaker. He said in part:
Any extended discussion at this late hour of
the issues of the campaign would be a waste
of energy. I cannot forego the pleasure of
payjng some tribute to the great standard
bearer of our party. Springing from the in
dustrial class he has a warm sympathy for
worklngmen. He was a typical American boy.
educated In the public schools. He was a mem
ber of the army of patriots that swore that
the Government should not perish from the
face of the earth.
After the war he became the great champion
?Lt}*?' hen tlmes were darIt and mei >
looked for a leader to guide them out of dark
ness, the banner that was thrown across the
8 ri'v. e the nan >e of William McKlnley.
nJ™? S uch dlfferen ce between the
iP^rc y °{ Bryan and the Democracy of
Jefferson p.s between saltpeter and St. Peter.
IJryan preaches the doctrine of hate, ffe en
deavors to array the poor against capital. He
wal,. ™n f th °» Ut "i Part> - He l8 * he 8h!rt 
walst man of American politics He asks us
the lateness of the hour he spoke but
™ fl /* on tne na , tlo nal Issues, but his ar-
SJff rSnH WC F e C . lean cut and hf 3 points
««tL m fcV i V howJns ' a hroad knowledge of
?he t n^ n erfe a cUve r i 5 y and ab " Uy tO dI^ uss
Young Men's League.
The members of the Young Men's Re
publican League gave their fifth annual
high jinks last evening at B'nal B'rith
Hall. The affair was a great success on
S^W 18 .." 0 ™] 1 ?'- The chair was oc
cupied by Justice of the Peace Groezinger
n?^! 1 ,lf ( l th rS m . ernbe r s to order soon
after 8 o clock During the evening there
was vocal and instrumental music, two
sparring exhibitions, one of them being
between .Charles Pickett and Jim Little*
Miss Ethel- Ibbotson rendered two sol
prano solos that were warmly applauded.
£»~ a ««. th .K clo f e w of i? e meetln e the mem
bers of the club adjourned to the base
ment where a substantial supper was
Candidates Indorsed.
The Scandinavian Republican Club, at
a meeting at Trades Hall last night, de
cided upon the indorsement of the' fol
lowing candidates:
For Superior Judge — M. C. Sloss "W P
Lawlor. Frank H. Kerrigan, George H*
Bahrs and D. J. Murphy.
For Justice of Ihe Peace— Percy V. Long
John Daniels, George W. F. Cook ThomaJ
F. Dunn and John Prosek.
Congressman Loud Enthusiastically Received by
His Constituents at Mowry Hall Last Night
in the Greatest District Meeting of the campaign
SEVEN REPUBLICAN CONGRESSMEN ASSURED.
Speaking to Assemblymen, Dibble
Confesses to Spending $1800
to Secure an Election to
the Legislature.
ASSEMBLYMAN JOHN FAIRWEATHER made a disclosure at a publlo
meeting In this city last night that will produce a profound sensation
In the Forty-first Assembly District. Mr. Falrweather served In tha
Legislature with Dibble, In relating an Incident of the last regular tes
slon he said:
"I am somewhat acquainted with. Mr. 3>ibble, having served
with him 'in the last regular session at Sacram-ento. When the pur- •
ity of election bill was under discussion at that session Mr. John- ;
son, chairman of the Judiciary Committee, was opposing the bill, •
when Mr. Dibble arose in his place and spoke, saying that he ',
hoped the bill would pass, as under the existing conditions his ]
election to the Assembly had cost him $1800 in one campaign. Mr.
Johnson expressed surprise at the statement and remarked that his
objections would cease. We were all astounded, wondering how
any man should want an office so bad that he would spend nearly
four times the salary of the position to obtain it. There must be
'something rotten in Denmark' when such things are done. The
pay. of the office is only $480. Including mileage it i3 about $500.
Bid, Mr. Dibble expect something on the side in addition to his
salary? If Mr. Dibble did not pay the $1800 from his own means,
would not those who did pay it expect to be reimbursed?"
The citizens of the Fofty-first Assembly District should giv« serious consid
eration to the foregoing statement. H. C. Dibble acknowledged, openly that
he expended J1S0O to secure an office worth legitimately only $3C0. The ready In
ference Ts that the bosses and corporations put up the money for bis election
expenses and In return ho was expected to represent the corporations on the
floor of the Assembly.
Let the voters ask themselves how it happens that Dlbbla can afford to pay
$1800 for an election to serve one term of sixty days in the Assembly? Tho
Qa'll is of the opinion that Dibble la tho agent of the Southern Pacific corpora
tion in the Assembly, and that the company makes good his campaign expenses
and permits him to engage In waste basket transactions and oil pipe line nego
tiations with Bruner and others on the side. His presence In tha Legislature la
a disgrace to the good people oi the Forty-first District.
The argument is advanced by weak and timid Republicans that his services
are needed by the Republican party In the preparation of a measure to re
apportlon the State. There Is not the slightest danger that an apportionment
unfair to the Republican party will be seriously considered. In the Senate the
Republicans have fifteen of the hold-over Senators and will probably elect four
teen of the twenty. new Senators. Dibble never was of any service to the party
or the people on legislative measures pertaining to apportionment. To serve his
own political ends he twisted the Congressional districts Into peculiar shape,
but was never able to get a nomination for Congress,
Two years ago Dibble received a majority of 855. He is counting now on
receiving 60 per cent of the large Republican vote of the district, but he will
not get that percentage. He will be iefeated If the bosses do not rally Demo
crats to his support. :'".'-¦'
1 The Call seeks to be fair and Just In Its Indorsement of legislative nominees.
Dibble is opposed because he is an unworthy politician, and because his election
would reflect discredit on the people of the Forty-first Assembly District. Injure
the cause of good government and harm the Republican party. The bosses
would not put him forward as a candidate In a doubtful or close district, but
they count on pulling him through by reason of the popularity of the national
ticket and the heavy Republican majority of the district.
Republicans are under no obligations, political or otherwise, to support Dib
ble. He is not the nominee of the party, as the Supreme Court In overthrow
ing the primary election law gave control of the nominating conventions to the
bosses. It is a known fact that among Democrats who went to the primary
polls and voted the Dibble ticket was one who subsequently served as a dele
gate In the Democratic local convention. It Is clearly the duty of every good
Republican in the district to work against Dibble and vote against him. The
Call Is gratified to learn that hundreds of leading Republicans have openly
announced their Intention to vote for Oscar Sutro. the nominee of the Citizens'
Republican party. This journal entertains no feeling of malice In opposing
Dibble. • There are no unsettled scores to adjust. The opposition to him is baseU
wholly on, the fact that he is not a fit man for service in the Legislature-
that he la the agent of the bosses and the chattel of corporations.
FAIR WEATHER OF FRESNO
WARNS AGAINST DIBBLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, FK1UAY, UUTUJ5EK 26; 1900.
EUGENE F. LOUD/ CONGRESSMAN FROM THE FIFTH DISTRICT, DISCUSSING THE ISSUES OF THE CAM
PAIGN BEFORE A GREAT MEETING OF HIS CONSTITUENTS IN MOWRY HALL, WHERE HIS POLITI
CAL, CAREER BEGAN TEN YEARS AGO. .
8
A Hi/ v. ftTTHTJ'. M H M'||'ff
Free to the
Ruptured
Dr. W. S. Rice, the Well Known
Authority, Sends a Trial of
His Famous Method
Free to AIL
Then are peopls who fc»v« been tot turlny
themselves for years with trusses. It Is hoped
their attention will ba drawn to Dr. Bice's fre*
1 " \ > jS£wM(|ESHbst/
DR. B. BALU •
offer. An elderly and retired physician. Dr. 8.
Ball, of Marlon. Ala.. Is one of the hundreds
attracted to this generous announcement and
as a result he la now completely cured of a bad
rupture which was very hard to hold. Although
72 years of age. he had the courage and deter-
mination to try this new and novel method and
now he lives In peace, contentment and secur-
ity. Dr. Ball looks back, to the old days of
crude methods and in comparison hails the
wonderful method of Dr. Rice aa a marvelous
God-send to the present generations. By all
means write at once to Dr. W. S. Rice. 4!S S.
Main St.. Adams. N. Y.. and he will send you
a free trial of his remarkable home cure for
rupture. There is no pain, danger, operation or
an hour's loss of time and by starting now
! you will be sound and well by early spring.
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
Strong: Assertions «• to Jmt What
the Remedies "Will Do.
Mircyoa . guarantee*
/ «S**V>«S»^*v i? a - *•'• Rheumatism
i*§M»i?vrtfwra < - ure w111 cure afir'-y
* !1 Clie- of rb.-uuia-
•gS"^ K ** ! "*S2Ag-J tlam in a few bo<irs.
Xty l3*5 that fcia Dyspepsta Cur«5
tOm .»Hj23 wl! * cure lnil; 2estioa ami
jgjf *" itomach troubles;
Pw thst his Kidney Cure
V " W*Stf wlu *"'• *** P er '«•«?.
>^ >W?nr? •* " U «ases of kidn<-y
\ >— SKCT tronble; that 4 hl» Ca-
JSi "*(?* t«rrh Cdx» will cire
VP^^fcijaW catarrh do matter bow
•FF'tesTtalP^kd&'S lpns » ta:>Jln *: that hi*
*5 [i^iSESifi^frPj nesulnehe Cure will euro
? •.I 1 K7 *B7 klad of headache In
I I f* a few minutes; that
• bis Cold Cure will
1 ,T ¦ . quickly break nj> any
flint of coM and so on through the entire list o*
remedies. At all druggist,. 25 cents a Tlal
If jou nee«i medical adrlce write Prcf. Manron
1500 Arch it., Phil*, It u tb^ote^ii
\ . .Is the kind you want for use in your home. The
Anheuser-Busch" Brewing. Ass'n make. their
various brands of beer of -barley-malt and hops
— strictly pure beer, no corn .or other, cheap
materials. •= B. O. Lyons Co., r San Francisco.
WboiMOle Dealer. .
*fc ti.i^i ii i'miiii l^tfrT i "
The Purest Beer
SEA CAPTAIN CLAIMS
TO HAVE BEEN ROBBED
W. Taylor Says He Was Held TJp
and Beaten at Clay and Stock
ton Streets.
W. Taylor, a sea captain, made com
plaint to the police last night that he had
been held up and robbed at the corner of
Clay and Stockton streets. Th» bold
crime is alleged to have been perpetrated
shortly after 8 o'clock/ Taylor". nos O was
broken by , a blow from the thief and
after a valuable overcoat had been taken
from him he was allowed to remain on
the : sidewalk until the arrival of Poleo
man Peter Peshon. , .
Taylor says he: stepped from a Clay
street car at the corner of Stockton and
started to walk In the direction of Wash
Ington. Hardly had the car passed out
of sight when he was confronted bv the
highwayman. ,-, * Ie
The injured man objected to golnjr to a
hospital, and his injuries were treated in
a drugstore at Pacific and Stockton
HaffS Ju^cT tter T" reP ° rted tO th «
WEST'S MINSTBELS STILL
-PLAY TO PACKED HOUSES
Clever Blackface Artists Score Sits
in Their Bunch of New
Specialties. 1 J&\
West's big minstrel- jubilee packed the
California Theater again from cellar to
ceiling last night. Tho gentlemen of tha
orchestra were " relegated to behind the
scenes In order to have place for* chairs
for anxious • spectators and . every bit of
available standing room - was -- occupied.
Every song and joke lit the first part and
every act in the olio was applauded to the
echo.
; This and to-morrow evening and to
morrow- afternoon will . witness the last
performances of West's show. - This after
noon the golf? street parade that created
such a sensation last : Monday will be re
peated. The '¦ route will extend - from the
theater : along ¦ Kearny. street, to Market
street; to Van Ness avenue, to Po*t street,
to Montgomery avenue, to Kearny street
and back to the theater.
The Original Little Benef icencla Publlca
Company of San Francisco. Numbers -
" . for October 25, I9OO. -^.
- No. 73,096 wins S375O. sold In San Francisco-
No.. 1332. wins J125O, sold' In San Francisco and
Oakland: No. 77.661 wins $6K. sold in San Fran
cisco: Noe. «923, 1S.6M, S4.S74. 63.430. 65.963 each
¦win $63 50. sold in San Francisco and San Lean
giiyirCaL'jggHBaasaajeggijjra .;¦¦¦¦• , . •
After ah illness of twenty-four hours,
during most of which time he was uncon
scious or partially so. Russell Baum, the
little son of George S. Baum, died yester
day morning. It was at first thought that
his death was the effect of some seeds of
a passion vine that grew in the garden
and. which he had eaten, but an autopsy
showed that the child had died of spinal
meningitis. The boy was 6 years old. He
was about to go to school Wednesday
morning when he complained of a pain In
his stomach, and went back to bed In
stead. From that time he was In a stupor
almost until he died, and chills and rag-
Ing fevers followed each other through the
little body until the parents were distract
ed. Medical skill could do nothing for the
baby, and he grew. worse until 6 o'clock
vesterday morning, when he died. It Is
not probable that he suffered much pain,
for be was unconscious ; of his surround
ings and his condition. The funeral will
be to-morrow or "Sunday from the resi
dence, 714 Clement street. ..
Death of Little Russell Baum.
Though the will of the late Jacob Kiehl
has been admitted to probate by Judge
Troutt In accordance with the terms of a
compromise entered into between two
nieces of the deceased, Margaret Hexa
mer and Mary Fint. who reside In Brook
lyn, and Mrs. Lizzie Fox. decedent's
housekeeper, whom he named as sole de
visee of his $30,000 estate, they will not
enjoy this wealth without first disposing
of another claimant.
Attorney H. I. Kowalsky has notified
the Public Administrator that he has been
engaged by H. V. Morehouae of San Jose
to present the claims of Mrs. Ryerson.
whom it is claimed Is a daughter of the
deceased. Klehl. It wa* supposed by
many, was a bachelor. This supposition
has been disproven, however. Mrs. Ryer-
Bon Bays that her father deserted her
mother shortly after their marriage in
New York in 1S49. He came to this city,
ehe says, and her mother went Into the
home of M. E. Boyington, a wealthy stove
manufacturer, as a servant. Joseph W.
Willard, who was also wealthy, adopted
her, Mrs. Ryerson claims, and for many
years she did not know that she was an
adopted child.
The Willards moved to Cincinnati,
where she married Ryerson and : they
came to California. She knew her father
was here, she says in conclusion, but did
not- Interest herself in his affairs ; until
.ehe discovered that others were litigating
Litigation.
An Alleged Daughter of the De
ceased Takes a Hand in the
HEIR TO JACOB KIEHI/S
ESTATE IS DISCOVERED
for his fortune. Then she, decided to as
sert her rights. Mrs. Ryerson's petition
has not as yet been placed on record and.
If an agreeable compromise can be effect
ed with the other claimants, the court
end of the case will be allowed to stand
undisturbed.
after hi« death the defendants- maliciously
seized and took possession of the body without
plaintiff's consent and against her will and
maliciously retained pofteesMon thereof and pre
vented plaintiff from retaining the same for the
purpose of burial.
J After the death of William Horstmeyer and
peforf the funeral the plaintiff caused to be
/served on the defendants a demand that they
Immediately deliver possession of the body to
her. The defendants. failed and refused to com
ply with the demand and maliciously an 1 In
defiance of plaintiff's desires and wishes re
tained possession of the body.' conducted the
funeral of deceased and' caused the remains to
be cremated, after which they selected the
place of disposition of the ashes.
Such disposition of the body was contrary to
the wishes and desires of the plaintiff, all of
which the defendants knew. The acts com
plained off caused the plaintiff great mental
distress and suffering and great pain and an
guich In body and mind and she suffered a
severe nervous shock thereby; her feelings were
outraged and her religious scruples and deslre&
T*ie member? of the McKinley and
Roosevelt Cluh of the Thirty-pixth As
sembly District have resolved to give a
rrand barbecue and enjertainment at Glen
Park. Sunday. November 4. at 11 a. m.
The purpose of the barbecue is to get out
all the voters eo that they may hear, the
reasons why McKinley and Roosevelt
Fhould be elected and why the present
great prosperity should be prolonged. The
committees In charge estimate that at
least 20.000 people will be in attendance.
They are providing, however, such meats
and delicacies to feed 4O.»XX) people if
recessary. and are preparUur an elatwrate
prtxrramme for the entertainment. Tho««e
in chanre are: C. Hader. Charles Kills.
W. H. Kountr. A. F. Roberta. Sam Snow.
A. Stratib, George Pattlson, Milton E.
Bak*r and Gustave Bchnee.
To Give Big Barbecue.
William Horsttneyer. husband of the plaintiff,
died in this city en the lCth inat Immediately
An urn that holds the ashes of the late
William Horstmeyer alone remains to re
mind the widow, Marie Horetmeyer, of
his passing. His body. »he Bays In a suit
filed yesterday, was seized by her etep
eons. Frederick and William Horstmeyer.
aided by two undertakers. F. H. and H.
F. Buhr, and against her wish, in face
of her protests and In violation of her
religious scruples was secreted until car
ried to the flames for Incineration. For
these actions Mrs. Horstmeyer demands
Judgment for J10.OX) damages against those
who seized the body and had It Incin
erated.
In her complaint Mrs. Horstmeyer
makes the following statement:
In rfgard to the disposition of the body disre
garded and violated.
Mrs. Horstmeyer resides at 35 Merritt
street, near.. Seventeenth. ' Her husband
was senior member of the firm of Horst-
meyer & Co., and was well known in
business circles.
William, Horstmeyer's Estate.
Letters of administration upon the
estate. of the" late William Horstmeyer
were applied for yesterday by his. widow.
Marie Horstmeyer/- Decedent's heirs at
law are the petitioner.. William Horst
meyer, a son,- aged 23. years; Frederick
Horstmeyer, a son.-aged 26 years; Louise
Horstmeyer. a daughter,- aged 15 •years-
Henry .Horstmeyer, a son, aged -8 years'
and Helen Horstmeyer, a daughter, aged
The nature- and value of the decedent's
estate are unknown. °
Mrs. Horstmeyer Wants Damages for the Deed of Her Two
CREMATE THEIR FATHER'S BODY
TO THE GREAT WOE OF THE WIDOW
Students of the University of Cali
fornia and Stanford to Hold
Combined Show.
Golden Gate Hall will be crowded to
morrow night with a rollicking lot of col
lege boys. The freshmen football game
in the afternoon will put their exuberant
spirits on edge and a joyous time is ex
pected. The occasion will be a musical
entertainment given by Stanford and
Berkeley for the benefit of the Stanford .
Amendment Club. The affair will be the
first of its kihd participated in by both
universities. and the committees in charge
are working hard to make it a success.
The money to be derived from the enter
tainment will be devoted to a fund which
is being raised for the purpose of send
ing student speakers throughout the State
to appeal to voters to cast their- ballots
for the Stanford University constitutional
amendment. .
The University of California will be rep
resented on the programme by Its Man
dolin and- Glee clubs and also by some
very clever entertainers. Stanford will
send up its orchestra. Mandolin and Glee
clubs and many of tho graduates will be
.seen, in - pleasing- specialties. John 3.
Brlscoe. ex-'OO, author • of a number of
clever farces and an actor of ability, wilt
present something novel; Will Irwm will
give some of his clever Imitations, among
them being a playlet entitled "A Bold in
a Gilded Goige." Berkeley will contribute
Schwartz, Tully and Harris; Joe Ros
borough will win smiles by 5 telling what
he knows of college life; "Brick" Morse
13 also on the programme. The noted
athlete is versatile. - -
Tickets are on sale at Sherman, Clay &
Co.'s. The worthy object of the enter
tainment and the excellence of the pro
gramme will probably draw a large at
tendance, i _
COIXEGE ENTERTAINMENT
IN A WORTHY CAUSE
personating a Relative, to Be
Identified by Blind Man.
Jcbn D. Sullivan, a ship's cook, was ar
rested yesterday afternoon by Deputy
United States Marshal de Lancie and Spe
cial Pension Examlneo; O. L. Sues of
Eionx Fails and W. B. Reppert of Butte.
Sullivan was Indicted recently by the
Federal Grand Jury for perjury and for
presenting fal«*» claims for a pension. He
represented himself to be. John Kennedy,
who fought during the Civil War In the
Third Iowa Volunteers. Light Artillery.
Kennedy was shot and killed several
y*arn ago in a saJoon fight in Brule Coun
ty. South Dakota, Sullivan Is the husband
of Kennedy's slstrr and was fined $2500
for fhootine a ran in Pubnque. Iowa.
Among the vit rinses who will identify
Sullivan is a blind man named Byron
Coffee. He knows Sullivan's voice so 'well
that h<* is wilj'r.g to sw*>ar to It if the
rourt can succeed In Inducing the prisoner
to speak. Coffee is a nephew of Martin
Keily, the politician.
6WEABS. THAT HE IS
A DEAD AETILLEBYMAN
John D. Sullivan, Arrested for Im-
MANAGERS OF ORIENTAL GAMBLING CLUB, CHINATOWN. TELL A
STORY OF TEN BAD HEATHENS. ARMED WITH REVOLVERS, EN
TERING THE PLACE AND STEALING THE NIGHT'S WINNINGS.
vers at them they altered their minds and
s roused the manager. They claim to have
been then ordered into the kitchen, where
tals." According to Chinese who kno*
the situation, suasion has been brought tc
bear on Luey Suey to induce his resigna-
The police fear another bloody high
binder war, maybe the outcome of yes
terday morning's strange affair, and
shooting or hatchet work may result at
any moment. The Chinese evidently ex
pect trouble, and show marked disincli
nation to aid the detectives in their ef
forts to get to the bottom of the affair.
Another peculiar fact is the indifference
Ung Foon and his partners in the venture
show in the matter.
After the night s play the winnings are
handed over to the outside treasurer, who
removes them to some safe place, where
they are kept till the banks open. At the
hour of the alleged robbery it Is unllkojy
that any such sum as it is claimed was
taken could have been in the safe. .
tion. So far all efforts have failed to un
seat him. and he holds the balance of
power.
The feature of the affair, however,
which makes the robbery story appear
most improbable is that the Oriental Un
ion, in common with all other Chinese
gambling clubs, employed what are known
as outside and inside treasurers to guard
against theft of the kind they claim was
perpetrated.
Work on the Southern Pacific's coast
extension is progressing rapidly and by
Friday the line will have been completed
with the exception of a short gap. Three
viaducts are to be built within this gap.
It may take two weeks and it may 'take
over a month to build them. Engineer
Hood hopes to have the line in running
order before the beginning of the new
year.
The Santa Fe will put its handsome
r«?w ferryboat, the San Pablo, Into service
Friday. It will make three round trips
a day and will take the place of the old
bost. which will be used as a reserve.
Not only is the grain traffic larger, but j
the cattle and fruit business has increased j
perceptibly. An official of the Santa Fe j
remarked yesterday that conditions were >
bad enough now. but that it was painful j
to contemplate what they wou'id be in i
the event of McKlnlcy's re-election. East
em lines fire experiencing similar trouble
s_nd if anything th*>y are in worse condi
tion than the Western roads. The car
shortage is helping the maintenance of
raus in ail directions.
OGelals of the Southern Pacific and
Sar.ta Fe railroads report that their re
ppecUve roads are just now experiencing
an unprecedented rush in freight traffic
The two companies find it impossible to
pupply enough cars to accommodate the
traffic. Both companies anticipated a b!g
increase in business s-oire months ago and
crdered r^w cars, which are being re
ceived dsily. In spite of these precautions
the railroads find themselves unable to
keep up with the demand and a blockado
teems inevitable.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe Handi-
capped for Want of Enough
Freight Cars.
UNPRECEDENTED RUSH
IN FBEIGHT TEATFIO
The war of the Spanish succession,- with
which the eighteenth century opened, 13
the most important case in all history of i
a contested will. No other such estate
has ever been bequeathed by its dying and
childless owner, for the domains of .Charles
II in 1700 comprised the Spanish peninsula
except Portugal, the kingdoms of Xaple*
-and Sicily, the island of Sardinia, por
tions of Tuscany and the Milanese in Ita
ly, the Spanish Netherlands (approximate
ly the Belgium of to-day), the Canary Isl
ands and Ceuta in Africa, all N'orrh Amer
ica save the English colonies, Canada and
Louisiana, Mexico, Central America and
all of South America except Brazil. Cuba,
Porto Rico and San Domingo In the West
Indies, and on the other side of the globe
the Carolines and Philippines. No wonder
Louis XIV, the Emperor and the two
maritime powers, England and the Neth
erlands, felt that 'national safety as well
as future greatness - were • at stake- when
such an Inheritance was to be .divided, or
that all the resources of peaceful negotia
tion were strained to the utmost to effect
an amicable division as Charles of Spain
approached tho grave. It will help us to
understand the situation if we compare
the attitude of; tne .powers - toward de
crepit China or remember how many of
us exulted when the last relics of that
vast Spanish empire came into our posses
sion two years ago.
The rival heirs to the throne of Spain
in 16S8 were Philip, the grandson of Louts
XIV, and Maria Theresa, eldest sister of
Charles II of Spain, and Joseph, the son
of the Elector of Bavaria and grandson
of the Emperor Leopold and of the young
er sister of Charles II. A less direct can
didate was Charles, Archduke of Austria,
younger eon of the Emperor and great
grandson of Philip III of Spain. Tho ac
cession of Louis' grandson to the throne
would mean a family alliance of Franco
and Spain, and possibly a union, while the
accession of either a son or a grandson of
the Emperor might lead to a reunion of
Austria and Spain, as under Charles V.
In any case England and Holland felt
they were deeply concerned. To avoid
war William III, ruler of England and tho
Netherlands, agreed with Louis XIV in
169S that his grandson Philip should have
the Italian possessions except the Mila
nese, Sardinia and the province of Gulpus
coa in Northern Spain, and the Archduke
should have the Milanese, and that the
little Electoral Prince Joseph should have
Spain, the Spanish Netherlands and the
Indies (America). Hardly had this ar
rangement been agreed upon when the
death of the Electoral Prince unsettled
everything. Painful negotiation brought
about a new partition treaty in March,
1700, by which the Archduke Charles was
to take what had been allotted to Joseph
and his own share was transferred to
Louis' grandson, Philip, who retained his
Ehare as granted by the first treaty. With
in six months Charles of Spain took mat
ters into his own hands, and by will be
stowed all his possessions on Philip. A
month later tie died, and Louis XIV ac
cepted the bequest.
If Louis had gone no further Europe
would have acquiesced, for there was lit
tle popular opposition in England to the
will, but with an Imprudence difficult of
explanation he roused the opposition of
the Dutch by expelling their troops from
the "barrier fortresses" in the Spanish
Netherlands and substituting troops of
his own. He kindled English indignation
by recognizing the son of the exiled James
II as King of England, and alarmed
Europe by announcing that his grandson,
in becoming King of Spain, had not im
paired his chance of succeeding to the
throne of France.
This declaration of policy called Into
existence in 1701 the grand alliance of
England. Holland and the Emperor, with
the professed" object of securing for the
Emperor reasonable and Just satisfaction
for his family claim to the Spanish suc
cession and for England and Holland pro
tection for their possessions, commerce
and navigation. If peaceful means should
fail the alliance would try to get hold of
the Spanish Netherlands ana separate
them from France as a defense to Hol
land, and to secure for the Emperor the
duchy of Milan, the kingdoms of Naples
and Sicily and the mainlands and islands
of Tuscany, which were to be open to
English and Dutch commerce. England
and Holland on their part were authorized
for the promotion of their trade and navi
gation to occupy any lands and cities they
could in Spanish America and to keep
them.
The attainment of these objects cost a
European war of more than ten years'
duratfen. which may be described as the
first great war for trade, for In it the com
mercial motive was dominant. The rising
capitalist class expected to get rich from
it. Bonnet, the Brandenburg envoy, wrote
from London: "People here don't care
who is king of. Spain as long as English
trade doesn't suffer."^
The results of this European struggle
The advance of England after the Span
ish succession war to the firat place In
Europe not only gave an Immense Impetus
to her commercial development but con
ferred upon her In some respects the place
of leader In the Intellectual life of the day.
The achievements on land and sea of her
people awakened French curiosity as to
English politics and ideas. Religious tol
eration, civil liberty, freedom o! thought
and self-government almost for the first
time attracted the respectful attention
and consideration of the first mlnd3 of
France. As conditions of national great
ness they must be looked into, and this
opened the door for spreading the Idea
that they were not only conditions of na
tional greatness but fundamental human
rights.
Voltaire expounded the philosophy of
Newton and John Locke to Europe and
dwelt with admiration on the comfort and
happiness diffused by English liberty,
while Montesquieu deduced from the ac
tual principles and practice of the Eng
lish constitution the fundamental charac
teristics and conditions of a free govern
ment. Never had English Ideas exercised
so great an influence on European thought
as during the eighteenth century.
There were, on the other hand, evil con
sequences of England's triumph in a war
for commerce. The lack of an elevating
religious or moral ideal as the aim of the
conflict inevitably lowered the national
standard?. "Nothing." says Sir John See-
I ley, "had ever so secularized and mate
rialized the English people before. Never
were sordid motives so supreme, never
was religion and every high Influence so
much discredited, as In the thirty years
that followed."
One finds these baleful results Illustrat
ed in the energetic development .with un
troubled conscience of the African slave
trade, in the routrh and brutal sports, and
in a diffusion of political corruption so
general that Alexander Hamilton came to
look upon It as an essential feature of the
English system. It Is not without signifi
cance that It was from this age and at
mosphere that there soon came the most
biting and ruthless satire on mankind
that was ever written, the "Travels Into
I Several Remote Nations of the World."
by Lemuel Gulliver. i
EDWARD O. BOURNE.
, Tale University.
Among the minor changes of the next
few years .may be noted the advantageous
exchange between the Emperor and the
Duke of Savoy of Sicily for Sardinia, by
which both gave up an isolated possession
for one contiguous to their other domin
ions. Henceforth the royal head of the
house of Savoy was to be King of Sar
dinia until he became King of Italy.
Another German Prince, the Elector of
Hanover, secured the sanction of his suc
cession to the English throne and bv this
the monarchies of Europe recognized that
the formal choice of a people might confer
a title which should displace that by di
vine right.
fwere profound and far-reaching, not only
i in .Europe, but In America, not only In
i International polities, but also in the In
tellectual life of the world. England
emerges from it the leading commercial
and sea power and JYance la pushed back.
Holland, although on the winning side and
protected by the Catholic Netherlanda aa
; a harrier from France, is henceforth a
power of the second rate. England's
greatest territorial gains were In America.
; where, she secured from France Nova
Scotia and the acknowledgment of her
sovereignty over Newfoundland and the
Hudson Bay region, and from Spain the
monopoly of the s!a\-e trade and a limited
amount of genera! commerce -with Span
ish America. -Ru^nson Crusoe." "Gulli
ver's Travels" ana Smollett's "Roderick
Random" ar© the significant literary pro
ducts of this phase of English expansion
Into a field hitherto vigorously secluded
by e>pain. As our proper subject, how
ever, la the political geography of Europe.
the American, results oj tho war can re
ceive only this glance. •
In Europe England acquired Gibraltar
and Minorca, which gav» her standing as
a Mediterranean power and secured pro
tection fox her trade. in those waters. It
was the first step on the road to Malta.
Cyprus, Egypt and the Soudan.
The Catholic" or Spanish Netherlands.
Naples. Sardinia and the Milanese ex
changed-the yoke of Spain ' for that of
Austria, but this great extension of the
Emperor's domains added to the alien ele
ments of his realm and proportionately
drmini3hed trWweiirht of his German con
stituency. LoUis XIV's grandson retained
Spain, and the Indies, with a. provision
that Spain and France should never be
united, nor was France to receive any
privileges of trada with the colonies of
Spain not also conceded to England and
Holland.
Not the least significant Chang* of posi
tion growing out of th* war was that se
cured by two of the smaller princely
houses The Elector of Brandenburg. whr>
now receives general European recogni
tion of his title as King of Prussia, and
the Duke of Savoy, who secured Sicily,
with the title of King, step forward to "a
prominent place in the family of Euro
pean monarchs. The train of circum
stances which was to lead to the union of
Germany and Italy -was already gather
i in«c force.
The proprietor of the game Is Chin Ng.
which signifies goose neck. He is at the
present time in China. In his absence his
son. "Little Goose Neck." and a cousin
named Ung Foon are looking after his in
terests. Luey Suey. the unpopular mem
ber and large stockholder of the club, had
a strong friend in Gooee Neck. When the
latter went to China he left Luey Suey
without a supporter among the "Orien-
Detectives George McMahon, Ed Gibson
and Ed Wren were detailed on the case,
and Ah Gun, who claimed to have recog
nized three of the men and offered to
Identify them, was taken to the ferry de
pot by tho detectives. After waiting there
some little time, enough to have given the
alleged robbers a good chance to cover
their tracks. Ah Gun declined to linger
longer and was perforce allowed to re
turn. -
The whole affair. Ah Gun claims, did
not take more than ten mlnutea, ¦which
would make the time of the robbers' de
parture about 7:35. It was not until some
twenty minutes later that Ah Gun stepped
up to Officer A. P. Layne and James Con
nelly at Jackson street and Fish alley and
notified them of what had occurred.
"While they were imprisoned in the
kitchen, the robbers, they say, compelled
Ah Gun at pistol point to open the safe
and yield to them Its contents, one of tho
robbers also relieving their victim of his
gold watch and chain. The ten then walk
ed out without placing any restraint on
the victimized gamblers but a threat of
gwift death should they dare give any
alarm.
one of the robbers was detailed to guard
: them.
According to Ah Gun. Ah .Suey, Ah
Font' and Ah Wee, the last named being
the club's chef, it was about 7:45 o'clock
when the robbery occurred. These men
say they were seated at the table await
ing iheir breakfast, which Ah Wee was
getting ready in the kitchen behind the
cambling-room. when ten Chinese "filed
into the room and asked to see Ah Gun.
That person was sleeping on a bunk in
the room where the sate is placed. The
men say they demurred when told to
arouse him. but upon finding the myste
rious ten pointing as many loaded revol-
To the police there Is much that is
strange about the affair, and it is thought
that the real purpose of the highbinders'
entry was to Fcare a disliked director.
Luey Suey. whose quarrels with the other
directors have been, frequent, and who
holds most of the club stock, into sever
ing^ his connection with the game.
TEN Chinese burglars entered the |
clubrooms of the "Won Hing. or
Oriental Cnlon Club. In the Globe
Hotel, at .700 Jackson street, yes
terday morrung and, according to
the story of the mehibers of the organiza
tion present. looted a. small safe In a rear
room of $1500 in gold and silver coin, the
night's winnings; took bogus coin pur
porting to be worth $20. relieved the man
ager. Ah Gun. of a gold watch and chain
and also took some jewelry found in a
drawer of the safe.
Copyright, lfiOO,
by Seymour Eaton.
1A/AR GEOGRAPHY OP EUROPE.
DIVIDING THE INHERITANCE OF SPAIN.
Police Find Many Weak Points in Alleged Hold-Up and the
Seizure of Fifteen Hundred Dollars Which Chinese *
Claim Occurred in Club at Globe Hotel.
The. discovery was made during the ses
sion of the Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday that many owners' of property
on streets which were accepted prior to
October 9. 1S71, had been put to the ex
pense of keeping their sidewalks . In, re
pair, .though the city Is legally, bound to
do the work. The information that prop
erty owners were paying for repairs that
6hould,b« borne by the city was divulged
by Chief Deputy Donovan of the. Bureau
of Streets when the committee took up the
petition of F. O. Heydenfeldt that the city
repair the sidewalk !n front of his prem
ises on Folsom street, between Third and
Fourth. This block was accepted on
May 7, 1SSS, and therefore should be kept
In good condition by the city. Donovan
reported that Heydenfeldt had become
impatient at the long- delays to which his
petition had been subjected, and he had
repaved the sidewalk at his own expense.
"The city should do the repairing," 6aid
Donovan, "and Heydenfeldt Is not the
only property owner who has been forced
to relay sidewalks that were -accepted
prior to October, 1&71. A large number of
property owners similarly situated , have
done so in the past either, from Ignorance
of the law or because they became Impa
tient at the city's delay."
Many thousands of dollars have been
paid out by property owners . which
the city is liable for. Donovan explained
that prior to October, 1871, streets were
accepted without reference to any par
ticular portion of a block, the name of
the street and the streets between which
the same was accented being named. It
was claimed that the acceptance in that
manner Included not alone the roadway
but the sidewalks— that is, the entire
width of the street— and that the ex
pense of keeping the same improved and
in repair devolved upon the city. After
October 9, 1871. in order to avoid any
question thereafter being raised as to the
action of the Board of Supervisors In re
lation to the extent of the acceptance of
a street the resolutions adopted simply
provided for the acceptance of the road
way of the street and the practice has
since been observed.
The question of thVllablllty of the city
and county for the expense of repairing
and keeping improved the sidewalks
claimed to be accepted was determined
in the" case of Phelan against the city
and county of San Francisco. A decision
was rendered by the Supreme Court and
filed November 14, 18S2, In which the judg
ment and order of the lower court maklns;
the city and county liable for the cost of
the construction of sidewalks on Howard
street from First to Third was affirmed.
This doctrine was reaffirmed In -the case
of B. Bonnet against the city and county
of San Francisco, 65 Cal. Rep., 230, and
also in Parker against the city and county
of San Francisco, 2 West Coast Reporter,
S78.
The fact that the law Is not generally
known on the subject has been the cause
of saddling the expense of repairing such
accepted streets upon the property own
ers, though the city is legally obligated
tojpay for it.
The streets and sidewalks accepted prior
to October 9, 1871, which the city and not
the property owners must keep in repair
include most of the blocks in the down
town districts, their dates of acceptance
being kept on file in the Street Bureau.
Donovan, however, contends "that If the
sidewalk is of the same material used
Erior to 1871 the city Is liable for its repair,
ut If a new sidewalk has since been con
structed by the owner the city Is not now
lKTble for its maintenance.
The Street Committee recommended the
passage of an ordinance declaring a strip
of land which would be an extension of
Fifth avenue from Lake street north to
be an open public street. The B<?ard of
Public Works presented a deed to the land
signed, by W. H. Buckles and his wife.
The petition of property owners and mer
chants for the paving of Fourth street
from Howard to Harrison, with bitumen
instead of basalt blocks was reported upon
adverselv.
An ordinance providing for the full ac
ceptance of Mariposa street between Flor
ida and Bryant was ordered to be pre
pared.
Several protestants appeared in opposi
tion to the building of a sewer on An
dover and Crescent avenues which has
been ordered by the Board of Public
-Works, and the committee decided to
view the district named to settle the dis
pute.
A petition, signed by 1000 property own
ers, was filed with the Board of Supervis
ors requesting that $30,000 be set aside for
a new pavement for Bush street. The
petition recites that the bad condition of
the street Is well known and it has been
growing worse, there having been little
or no repairs made for ten years past.
Law Provides That Sidewalks on
Streets Accepted Prior to 1871
Must Be Improved by
Municipality.
Many Property OwDers Are
Illegally Forced to Pay
Expenses.
CITY EVADING
OBLIGATION TO
BEPAIR STREETS
Chairman Mark of the Board of Edu
cation announced yesterday that five sub
stitutes will be assigned to regular posi- 1
UOBl at next Wednesday's meeting. The j
£ss:gr.ments will be to classes In the John |
ewett Grammar School, Heaxst Primary
Fchool. Pacific Heights Grammar School. I
Buera Vista Primary School and Chinese :
I r.naary School. Mark would not divulge |
the names cf the teachers to be selected f
irom the elirible Ust. but ascerta with
considerable fervor that the chronologi
cal order will be followed. In that case I
the teachers who should be taken carej
c. are -.Irs. Kate Turney, elected Decem- i
er .iv ls30 i M **» VT. F. Foley. elected |
JS- "** : *"*s M. H. Slavan. elected April !
— , iA73; Mrs. J. D. Cooper, elected Feb- j
ruary 11. 1S79. and Miss A. E. Little, elect- '
fd April 2. 1SSL Of tfcesa the first three I
r-aaaed have primary grade rertificaies j
end the last two grammar grade certifl- j
cates.
Mark cays that Mies Nellie CTLAUghlin. '
who was to have been appointed vice i
principal cf the Horace Mann Grammar ',
School at the ,last meeting of th«* board. !
will certainly get the place next Wednes- :
cay. Through some oversight ihe resolu- j
lion assigning her was not presented, but
four directors etand ready to vote in her .
favor. Miss OLaughlin is at present '
teacher of the eighth grade in the Hearst
School. Her place will be filled by pro
moting toirn teacher whose name Mark
will not give. This will leave the vacancy
mentioned which Is to be filled next
Wednesday.
Superintendent Webster is about to <
ccromence. through his deputies, the dis- !
trlbutl'in cf supplementary book? among |
the echoo!?. Some time ago the board In j
Us mad desire to run everything: in tho j
department evinced its intention to ururj)
th« Superintendent's prerogative regard
tag 1 the distribution. It proposed to organ
ize stations in different schools from
which teachers could obtain their sup
plies cf the bocks. Webster, however, j
quietly began the apportionment and. i
finding that the original sum of $&.**) ap- I
propriated was insufficient. Induced the j
board to appropriate |l<»Xi more. The book3 j
•re now ready for distribution and Chair- j
zc&n Mark says row that the board never i
intended to assume control. Furthermore, i
he f-ays It had come to the conclusion that i
the <llstribuUcn by stations was too ex
pensive and that the prerogative right
fully belonged to the Superintendent
If Chronological Order Is
Obeyed, the Lucky Ones
Are Known.
Superintendent Webster Begins Dis
tribution of Supplementary
Books, a Prerogative IWrec
tors Wished to Usurp.
SCHOOL BOARD
TO ASSIGN FIVE
MORE TEACHERS
CHINESE GAMBLERS STRANGE
TALE OF DAYLIGHT ROBBERY
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1900.
Hot election. In . Chinatcnrn.
There was an election of officers of the
Mln*r Yung Company at 19 Waverly place
on Monday which did not pass oft as
smoothly as was wished. The ticket wa.«
opposed by a strong minority, which en
deavored to carry Its ticket by the. use of
Iron bars oa the heads of th» other nom
inees and their supporters. Yesterday
Gee Quonff. a cousin of the president
elect, who lives at 416 Seventh street, and
Gee Chuns Kin?, Stockton and Washing
ton street*, swore to complaints In Juda:*
Fritz"* court charging six of the opposition
with battery.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
¦Write for' new Illustrated catalogue of watch-
es. Jewelry, silverware. Invaluable to out-of-
town' purchasers.'. Hammersmith. & Field, • .
GBAPE-inJTS.
VALUE OF CREAM
As Compared With Meat.
One of the most valuable items In one's
dietary Is rood, rich cream. The remark
1* frequently made that "cream is too ex-
pensive to use freely." Such people think
they must have meat every day at 10 and
£5 cents per pound and do not realize
that 5 cents* worth of pure cream for
breakfast will do more to put on flesh
than 23 or 30 cents' worth of meat. An
Ideal portion of breakfast Is that obtained
from, eay. four teaspoons of Grape-Nuts
and a little pure, thick cream. This is one
of the mos-t delicious dishes Imaginable
and Is served without cooking or trouble ;
of any kind and cannot be, equaled In
j/olnt of food value for the human bod/.
The Grape-Nuts, consisting largely • of
rr&pe sugar, have passed through pro-
cesses similar to the first act of digestion
and are therefore most easily : digested,
and in combination with cream, they ren-
der the cream itself easy of digestion. -
Orvctr* veil Grape-Nuts^
Don't buy Shoes nntil to-morrow,
and then come here.
•We've got new Shoes at a new set of prices^ — in
better qualities than you've ever.been able to purchase
before, from the best makers in the world — to
please men, women and children, because they com-
bine comfort and style and every other desirable fea- •
ture you demand in good Shoes. "
I. Come in to-morrow—- we -want you
to know all about this new store,
and we'll be glad to welcome you.
V*.TO,.t>AT« SHOE) OF. QUALITY
\ $&. 5- jMt S^T* l^LCft ' v/*tr. one of H&lf/ farmer/Tore^Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Oct. 35.-Clearlngs, $432,889; bal
ances, $33,121. v —-
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 25.— WHEAT-Spot No. 2
led Western winter, steady, *6s Id; No. 1 North
ern spring, easy, 6s 4d: No. 1 California, dull,
es 5%d. . Futures— Steady ; December, 5s ll&d;
February Cs Hd.
CORN— Spot, easy; American mixed new, 4s
»id. Futures— Quiet; November, 4s Id; Decem
ber, 4a %d; -January, 3s lOd.
CLOSING.
30d. French rentes, 93f 95c,. Cargoes on passage,
more Inquiry; corsoes No. 1 Standard Califor
nia, 30s;: English country markets, partly
fid cheaper. , . ...--¦ . •
LIVERPOOL, Oct.- 25.— WHEAT— Easy; No. 1
"tandard California, 6s 6^d®6s 6d; wheat in
steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
¦ untry markets, weak. ' ' ' " '
COTTON— Uplands, B 7-32d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS. •
Foreign Futures.
THE STOCK MARKET.
The United States Crude Oil Company paid
its regular quarterly dividend of 2 per cent
with an extra 1 per cent, making 3 per cent,
on October 15. This ywas dividend No. 10..
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, i Oct. 25.-2:30 p. m.
UNITED "STATES : BONDS.
/¦"¦Bid. Ask. - . Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.. .115 115% 4s do cp (new)134%l?5t;
4s do reg.. ....115 115% 3s do coup.... 110 110%
. . MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. '
Bay Co P CO..102H104 Oak Water 5s. 103% —
Cal-st Cab 5S..118H — Oceanic SS 5s.lO9 ,109^
C C Water 5s.. 107% — Om C Ry 6s. .126 —
Ed L & P 68.131' — Pac G Imp 4s. 102 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — — P & Cl Ry 6s.. 104&105
Geary-st R 5s. — P & O.R R 6s.ll5 —
H C & 3 5V4s.. — — Powell-st R 6S.U7H —
Do 5« ..100 — Sac E G&R 5s.l00%101
LAR B9......106^i - ; S F 4 SJV fis.HS -
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103 S R of Cal 6s. — —
Do gntd 6s... — — S P of A 6s.. .112*4 — ¦
LA sntd 5«.."— 101% S5 Jf olCssduuSj
LAI' R R 5s. — 102V«i (Series A)....107U —
Market-st Cs... 12S*i — . Do (Series B)10SH -
Do 1st M 6S..11SH - S P C fis (1906)109H110
NCNOH /s. — 114 ' Do:(m2)...'..H8 118%
N R of Cal 6s.H3 — S P R 1st k 6s.1O7 _—
Do 5s ...... :.11CH — K p R- 6» 130 — .
N V C R U 6s. 102 — S V ...Water 6s. 113 '114%
Do ng. ........ — 107\j' Do 4s. ....... .1W > -
N Cal Ry BS..111113 Do 3d, mtir.. — 103
Oak O L & H.109% — Stktn Gas , 6s. 100 —
Oak Tran-es-.-llSVillT
.. ¦'.'--.¦- ¦-'•.¦¦- WATEIl STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 69% 70% 'Spring Valley. 93 SSVi
Mann County. 51Vi — '" • :¦ .'.' .
' GAS AND; ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L ft P Co 4 ' 4S Pac L Co...... 44 —
EQUit O L Co. 8H 8% Snn F.I G*RCo 94 40
Mutual El Co. U,\ IT O & Ev... 60% 50%
O G L & H.... 4914 *-•) San Francisco. 4ft t
Pac Gaa Imp.. 52 . 51 stkn O & K Co — 14
;•¦-/.: INSURANCE STOCKS.
i Flrem's I*imd.22i— ' t ' [ ¦
The oil stocks were fairly dealt In at about
previous < prices. . .
The Standard Con. 'Mining Company has de
clared a dividend of 10 cents. .
Sales -on the morning; session of. the -Bond
Exchange were lighter and quotations showed
no changes worthy of note.
Business was quiet in the afternoon.
Chrlstorher C, Lillta A.. Thomas W. and
Katherl-e A. Rivers to Clara M. Hammett
(wife of George "W.). lot on NE corner of Clip
per and Sanchez streets, E 25:11 by N 114; |10.
Emily B. Hopkins (widow) to Patrick O'Don
rell. lot on W line of Kentucky street. 100 S
of Sixteenth- (Center), right angle 100 by N
CO; $1.
McCarthy Company (a corporation) to Thomas
P. Conlon, lot 49, block 23, Lakeview; $10
Capital Building and Loan Association to
James F. Rlley. lot on W line of Dor.lass
street. 73 N of Twenty-first. N 25 by W 100
block 20. Ploche and Robinson Tract: Jio.
Charles Cleve to August H. Lochbaum lot
en- 8 line of Poet street, 11S:3 W of Webster
W 25 by S 137:6; flO. "eoster,
Julius and Jennie Radston to James Ha!l lot
£VbVw &ES& 8treet> 1W s * "* s
Sophie Herlngton (wife of C. H.) to Mary
Suter and C. H. Herlngton, undivided one-half
of lot on "W line of Beldeman place, 100 N of
Ellis street, N 23 by W 90; gift.
Kdward J. le Breton to Kate Chas*. lot on
NW corner of California and Erott streets W
30 by N 137:6; also all interest in the estate of
Cliarles M. Chase, No. 21,130 (quitclaim deed);
W. A. Frederick to M. J. Rudolph Mohr lot
JIO* 6 Street * 162:3 W ot - CoIe '- w
Mary H. Clprico (Lacoste) to Edmund S.
Clprlco, lot on N line* of Clay street 110 E of
Walnut. E 27:6 by N 127:S*i; JIO. '
Henry J. Muller to Frank and Margaret
Greem (wife), lot on W line of Folsom street
1£3 S of Fourteenth. S 25 by W 122:6; $10
John Center and John H. Williams to Carrie
.Williams (wife of John H.), lot on W line of
Capp street, 40 N of Twenty-second. N 20 W
100. N 20. W 22:6. S 40, E 122:6; $10 *
Savings and Loan Society to 'Rosa
Redmond, lot on N line of Valley street 230
V of Sanchez, W 25 by N 114; $1000.
Sophie Herington (wife of C. H.) to Maria
Suter. lot on W line of Powell street 30 N of
Pacific. N 22 by W 45:10; gift. ,
Elizabeth F. F. Veen to Claus "Wreden Brew
ing Company and "Washington Brewery (cor
poration), lot on W line of Jansen street 826
S of Lombard, S 23 by W 50; also lot on SB
corner of Taylor and Lombard streets S 206 -3
E 137:6, N 116:3. W 22:6. N 90, W 115- $100
Same to Elizabeth Wreden. all Interest In
following: Lot on W line of Taylor street,
106:8 N of Greenwich. N 31:3 by W 137:6; also
lot on SW corner of Clay and Mason streets.
S C8 by W 27:6; also lot on S line of Clay
street, 27:6 W of Mason. W 22 by S 58: also lot
50 by N 63; also lot on NE corner of Mason
and Filbert' streets, N 62:6 by E 67:6; also lot
on N line of Greenwich street. 62:6 W of .Tay
lor. W 75 by N 75; $100.
H. M. and William Q. Wreden and Anna W.
A. Wltzel to same, all interest in same (six
pieces); $100.
Dennis J. Mercer to Mary C. Fallon (wife of
Frank J.), lot on NE corner of Ellis and
Leavenworth streets. E 137:6 by N 137:6; gift.
Augusta Kane Glbbs and Mary Glbbs Hey
nemann (by Union Trust Company, trustee) to
Charles Hewitt, lot on SW line of Main street
133:4 NW of Folsom. ,NW 45:10 by SW 1376 :
J. J. and Julia Rauer to Mary E. Reno (wife
of J. P.}. lots 622 and 624. Gift Map 2. oult
clalm deed; $10. .•¦-..
John H. Cooper to Ann Doherty, lot 462. Gift
Ann McCarty to Andrew and Mary Doyle
lot on NE line of Sixth avenue south. 10O VW
of L street. NW 50 by NE 100. portion lot 134
block 97, Central Park Homestead: $10
Paulina' Voss to Salvatore and Carmella Na
varra," lot on W line of Teharaa street 375 v
of Norwich, N 23 by W 80. Preclta Valley lot
Michael and Sarah Loftus to Tullio J and
Eliza E. . Argentl, lot on N ' line of Twentv
nlnth street, 3S:10V»'W of Tiffany, W 28-8U N
83:5 7-16. SE 26:3 3-16. 8 «9:S*. portion lot ».
Tiffany and Dean Tract: $10. '
Alameda County. , •
Sarah D. "Williams to H. G. -Williams' lot on
N line of Thirteenth street, 221:8 W of West
W 2S:4 by N 100, portion block 183. KeilersDerg
er s map, Oakland; $10. *
H. O.Williams to George Samuels and T
W. Harris. . same. Oakland; $10.
. Frank M. and Rose H. Wilson to H D Cut-
P^&r&ley^V' .'.T? ° f ™*' '*™*
H. C Morris to B. Alexander, lot 2. block 2
Warner Tract; Brooklyn Township: $10
¦ Frank J.MOf Htt to R. M. Smith, lot 11. block
E, .amended map Moss Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10. : *9**M*Baw ) i!BHiBH&Mtae | C
Augusta L. Moffltt to same, same, Brooklyn
Township; $10. .
Cosmopolitan • M. B. and L. ' Association , to
Frank C. and Alice I>uval. lot on NE corner of
Saratoga avenue and ¦ Plymouth street, : E 80
N 130. W 80, S to-beglnnlng. lots 1 and 2. block
I, same. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Mary Cf andAVllllam McDonald to Arthur H."
UcDonold. lot on S line of Thirty-second street.
REAX ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
2S1:8 W of Grove. W 33:4 by S 143. b«in« th« W
33:4 of lot 11, block 2037. Rowland Tract, Oak
land; ?10. ;,-.. , _, ,
Ellen Montgomery (widow) to John. A. Dul
lard, lot on S line of Forty-first street. 1a2 E
of Grove. E 32 by S 110. being lot 45 on map or
redlvlslon of the Montgomery Tract: HO. .
Sarah A. McKee (widow) by S. B. McKee. at
torney to Robert J. C. McAllister, lot 8, block Z.
McKee Tract, Oakland; grant. „
Mary A. Tuohy (by attorney and A. » .
Tuohy and as attorney) to Margaret Tnomp
son. lot 5, block H In Tuohy's Second Addition
to the Town of Berkeley, Oakland Town
ship; 110. ,
John E. Maedonald to Axel R. Grug£ e ll 0 ;
on W line of Pleasant Valley avenue. t» N or
Orange. N £0 by W 123. being lots 4 and 5.
block C. Amended Map Falrview Tract. Oak
land Township; $10.
R. J. Callaghan to Ellen Bums, lots 1 to 4.
b'ock 43. Tract B, Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, Berkeley, quitclaim
deed; *25.
San Francisco Savings Union to Merton W.
Davis, lot 13 and W half lot 13. block 9. Shaw
Tract, Berkeley; 510.
Merton W. and Martha Davis to Edward Irv-
Ir.sr (single), same. flO.
Eleanor S. Deering (widow). Chester and Elia
M. Deertng (all by Frank H. Brooks attorney)
to Mrs. L. Swageraan, lot on N line of Davl*
street. 4C0 "W of Peralta avenue. NW 23. N'E
121.80, SE 25. SW 122.04 to beginning. Brooklyn *
Township: $10.
Mason S. Blackburn to Eliza L. Blackburn,
lot on W line of Wheeler avenue, 55 X f>f
Lloyd avenue. N 60 by W 130, lot 3. block 747.
on Map of C. C. Clay's subdivision block 772
and fractional blocks 723. 734, 747, 751 to 734 and
776. Levy & Lane Tract. Brooklyn Townsolp:
gift.
Max and Emma Glasr to FavaHa Peabody
(wife of P. T.). lot on W line of Pearl street,
250 S of Central avenue, S 50 by W 272. lot 9.
block 10. Map of Hays & Canerton Property,
subject to a mortgage, for $'UC0. Alameda: HO.
F A. and Fannie E. Vnderwood. Jacob Roth
schild and Jennie B. Fast (administratrix of
estate of J. U Fast, by A. W. Bishop, commis
sioner) to Central Bank, lot on NE corner oZ
Taylor and Wood streets, N 121:5. E 100. S 13 :*.
W 50 S 106. W 50 to beginning, being Dortlon
of block 394 Oakland; $1913.
George H. Fogg to Ella F. Merchant, lot on
W line of Broadway. 91:11 S vi Laurel street.
S 309 W S*. N 29:10, E 93 :S to beginning, be
ing lot lot 22. Map of Webster Homes '^ad. Oak
land- also lot on S line of Laurel street. 115:3
W of Broadway, W 40:8 by S 119:6, lot IS, on
Map of Lincoln and Webster Homestead. Oak-
a Ha'nnah' B. Dlngley to Home Building Com
pany (corporation), lot on N corner of East
Fifteenth street and Eighteenth avenue. NE
140 by NW 150, lots 7 to 12, block 23, San An
tonio, East Oakland: $10.
J G. Laws to Ella F. Laws, lot on S corner
of Thirteenth avenue and East Twenty-fourth
street,. SW 25 by SE 120. block 141. Clinton.
East Oakland; J1C0. •
Horace C. and John B. "Watson, Ida M. «11
llams and Nellie P. Snetslnger to Charles D.
Bates Jr.. lot on NW corner of Fourth avenue
and Eighteenth street. N 300. W 125. S 130.7.
W 277.25 S 143, E 350.W to beginning, lots 8
to 14. block B. Mao of i-eralta Heights. East
Oakland; $10.
Charles D. Bates Jr. to Charles Jurgens.
same. East Oakland: $10.
Montgomery K. and Margaret Miller to "Wil
liam Corbln. lot 41 and N 5 feet of lot 42, on
Map of Berkeley property. Map? : and 2, Blake
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Letltla Rountree (widow) and W. Klgby Jr.
(by W. S. Harlow, commissioner) to Union
Savings Bank, lot on N line of West Tenth
street. 53.9 E of. Cypress, E 23 by N 1*0, block
6o9. Elshth-street Tract. Oakland: $2484. i
J. B. and Anna L. Richardson to County of !
Alameda. lot on N line of Crocker Tract, with *i
NE line of Sheridan avenue, thence NW 20.92,
thence following a curve to the right, the ra
dius of which Is 43.50 feet, a distance of 82.12
to SE line of Terre Bonne avenue, thence SW
101. E 117 to beginning.- beta* portion of lot 9.
plat G. map of Piedmont Park. Oakland Town
shlp; $5.
/ BANK STOCKS.
4.nglo-Cal Ltd. 6S% 70 First Natlonl..29« 300'
Bank of Cal..*08^410 Lon P * A 136% —
Cal S D & T..1MH105H Merchants" Ex IS 13
SAVINGS BANKS.
£«• S & L. _ 1900 Sav & L So... - 81
Hum R & T,.. _ . _ Sec Sav Bk... — -
Mut Eav Bk.. 51 67 Union T Co... — —
& r ba.v V. 51a —
"» STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....124 — OS L>.& H.... — «tt
nonrv-st 30 40 Presidio 17tt 22
Market-st — _
POWDER STOCKS.
California — — Vigorit *H 3S
Giant Con Co. 82& 84
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7 7%; Kllauea S PCo 20 21H
Haw C & S Co — 87H Makawell S Co 41% 4»i
Honokaa S Co 30 — - imuiuex .- « ••- I
Hutch & 1 J Co. 24?4 — Paauhau S Co. 30U —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Tack A*sn.12MU28 Pac A F A.... 1% —
Cal Fruit Asn.lWVfc — Pac C Bor Co.150 —
ivi^r Kx . . !¦-» par Paint Co.. 12H —
Oceanic S Co. 92 93
Morning Session.
Board— - .
50 California Fruit Canners lk» «?
S30C0 Contra Costa Water Bonds 107 2j
?10OO Ix>3 Angeles Railway 5s N* 25
S'WOO Market Street Railway Con 5s 118 50
25 Mutual Electric Light 1() J°
$2000 Southern Paclflc of Arizona Bonds.. 112 50
53 Spring Valley Water : 93 50
$1«« Spring Valley 6s 1" "
2C0 Vigorit Powder 3 62 *6
Afternoon Session.
JO Market Street Railway... *7 23
25 Market Street Railway S7 50
100 Paauhau S P Co 30 35
20 S F Gas & Electric Co. cash 61 00
130 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 0°
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 "^
1MSF Gas & Electric Co 60 75
50 S F Gaa & Electric Co. s 20 50 75
Street—
- 75 Paeuhau S P Co - 80 25 .
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. *
MornlnTiesslon.
Board-
IPO California-Standard :.. 85
1C00 Caribou 13
1000 Four Oil Co 41
150 Home Oil * 50
325 Home OH ? 45
200 McKittrick Consolidated
200 Monarch of Arizona 42
85 Sterling O & D Co 2 9»
Street—
600 Monarch of Arizona 42
50 Yukon * S6
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1000 California-Standard 35
2J0 El Dorado 2 BO
300 Home Oil 4 50
ICC Petroleum Center 22
20 San Joaquin Oil & Development 9 12^4
100 West Shore 3 73
Street—
2440 Caribou 20
50 Yukon 66
100 San Joaquin Oil ft Development 9 25
' MINING STOCKS.
" Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 14 300 Overman 03
100 Best & Belcher 27 200 Savage 19
200 Best & Belcher 24 250 Sierra Nevada. 26
eOO Con Cal & Va.l 10 100 Silver Hill ... 30
200 Gould & Curry 70 200 Union Con 20
1100 Mexican S2 200 Yellow Jacket.. 17
600 Ophlr 82
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 08 , 20") Mexican 33
200 Bullion 02 300 Ophlr 83
600 Chollar 17 200 Overman 08
250 Con Cal A Va.l 00 600 Potosl 15
200 Crown Point... 12 1C0 Savage 20
S00 Gould & Curry 70 500 Sierra Nevada. 28
300 Hale & Norcra JM 200 Silver Hill 32
1000 Mexican 31 200 Utah 09
¦Following were the sales In the Paclflc Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Mornlnsr Session.
300 Caledonia 32i 200 Ophlr 85
200 Challenge Con. 16 500 Ophir 83
1200 Con Cal & Va.l 10 400 Ophir 82
600 Gould & Curry 71 200 Ophlr 81
400 Gould & Curry 68 700 Savage 20
300 Gould & Curry 67 1600 Savage 19
200 Hale & Norcrs 27j 200 Silver Hill .... 30
j 450 Mexicart 33 300 Union Con ... 21
300 Mexican 32 400 Yellow Jacket. 18
Afternoon Session.
GOO Best & Belcher 27 £00 Justice 04
300 Best & Belcher 26 600 Ophlr S4
400 Chollar 17 600 Potosl 16
150 Con Cal & Va.l 10 300 Savage 20
300 Gould & Curry 69 200 Union Con ... 21
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Oct. 25—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Justice J>4 05
Alta 03 04 Kentuck 02 04
Andes -.. 07 08 Lady Wash — 03
Belcher 14 15 Mexican 33 34
Best & Belcher 26 27 Occidental 08 10
'Bullion 02 03 Ophir 83 84
Caledonia 35 \ 40 Overman 07 09
Chollar 17 IS . Potosl 15 16
Challenge Con. 15 17lSavage 21 22
Confidence 60 63jScorplon — 05
-Con Cal & Va.l 05 1 10 Seg Belcher .. 01 02
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 28 27
Con New York 01 — Silver Hill .... SO 32
Eureka Con ... — 45. St Louis — 12
Crown 10 ll'Standard 3 35 3 7a
Exchequer — 02' Syndicate 04 —
Gould & Curry 63 70|Unlon Con .... 21 22
Hale & Norcrs 23 26 Utah 08 19
Julia 02 04lYe,llow Jacket. 17 13
worth quoting, as the season Is* about over and
the demand Is insignificant. Other melons are
dUll. ¦. - ¦ - •¦¦ . ¦: J - -- ¦ .- " ¦¦¦
Grapes were hardly as firm yesterday, though
there was no - actual decline.
Oranges, Lemons ' and '-Limes showed no
change. New . Grape Fruit arrived ' from Oro
vllle and was held at"$4 50©5 per box.
DECIL>UOUS FRUITS
APPLES — Zo'g&Oc per t 1k>x for ! common and
C0^90c for good to choice; Spltzenbergs, 60c@$l.
PEARS— Winter Nellls, . 60c@Jl: Cooking'
Penrs>. 2n(S65c per. box. •" •'
QUINCES— 40(g 60c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 35®-75c- per box.
FIGS— Nominal. •
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $8 E0®3 75 per
barrel ; Coos Bay, f2@2 25 per box.
STRAWBERRIES-»@4 per chest for large
and JS09 for small berries. ¦'
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6®*7c per pound.
RASPBERRIES— $5® 6 per chest.
POMKUKANATEb— Zbc*} »1, according to size
of box. .... ..... *
PLUMS— 40SB0c per box.
GRAPES— Muscats, Tokays, black and other
ordinary varieties, 25®50c per small box and
4<vg75c per crate; Isabellas, in crates, 75c@$l;
Corr.ichons, In erates, 50®75c; Wine Grapes, *2u
'@22 for White, $22024 fop Mission and S22@26
per ton for Zlnfandel. '
MELONS— Nutmegs, 23@75c per case; Canta
loupes, 50c©$l 25 per crate; Watermelons, nomi
nal at *5@10 per 100.
CITRUb FrtUlTS— Navel Oranges, |3<g4 50:
Lomons, 40c@W 25 for common and |1 50@2 50
for good to choice; Mexican Limes, S4@4 50:
Bananas, ?1 25*g2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 60
<S'3 60 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras. 4 sizes. 3c;
40-50s. 7c; 60-60c S>Ac; 60-708, 8%c; 70-8Os.. 3%o;
S0-90s, 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2Vic; 100s and over, 2«; ru
bles, Uc premium; Sonomas, He and San Joa
qulns 1 ac less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand t:ie same. Apricots, 6@
Ko for Royals and 10® m»c for Moorparks ;
Evaporated Apples, 4@4Hc; sun-dried, 2^4©4c;
Peaches, 4^Q5c for standard, 5@6c for choice
and 7©7Hc for fancy; Pears, 2$7c; Plums,
pitted, 5(S6%c; unpltted, 1®1Hc; Nectarines, 5»
b>fac lor red and 6V£@6c for white.
RAISINB— Th» Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard. 8%c; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per'lb. Sultanas —
Fancy, 10%c per lb: choice, 9%c; standard, 8%c;
prime, 8c; unbleached Sultanas, - 8c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, 6%c; 2-crown loose i Muscatels, 6c;
3-crown, 6%c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown, |150 per box; S-crown,- Jl 60; Fancy
Clusters. 12; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California. \
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7©8c per lb; Walnuts, No.
1 softshell, lie; No. 2, Sc: No. 1 hardshell, 10c;
No. 2, 7%c: Almonds, lE>£?16c for . paper-shell,
ll@12Hc for softshell; Peanuts, S"*.6c for East
ern; Mrnzll Nuts, 13c: Filberts, 13c; Pecans, 11
Q13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50!fi5.
HONEY— Comb, 13'/S@14Ho for bright and 12H
@13c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7%e8c; light amber, extracted. 7®7V4c; dark. 6
<&>6Vic r>er lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c Der lb.
Provisions.
Previous prices rule, with a fairly active
market.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, lltfc per lb for
heavy. 12c for light medium. 13Vic for light,
14c for extra light and 15^4c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured hams, 12c; Mess Eeef.
$12 50 per bbl; extra Mess, $13 SO; Family, $14;
extra Prime Pork, 116; extra clear. $19 60; Mess,
$17: Smoked Beef, 13c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6\c per lb for com
pound and 9%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
S%c; 10-lb tins, lOVlc; 6-lb tins, 10%c.
COTTOLENE - One-half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels, SV&c; one tierce, &%c; two tierces,
8»4c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides are firm at the advance, with an active
demand; which has reduced stocks considerably.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
obout lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. Sv^c; medium. 8Hc; light, 8Hc; Cow
hides, 8Vzc; Stags, Gc: Salted Kip, 9c; Salted
Veal. 9c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16c; culls.
13@14c; Dry Kip, 15<316c; Dry Calf, 16c: culls
and brands, 13@14c; Sheepskins, Shear
llr.gs, 1j(32oc each: short Wool. 30®40c each;
medium, 6O@7Oc; long Wool, 75c©$l each; Horse
Hides, salt, $2®2 25 for large, $1 75 for medium/
$1 for small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides,
dry, '$150 for large, $1 25 for medium, $1 for
small and 25®50c for colts. Deerskins— Summer
or red skins, 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c;
winter or thin skins, 17«4@20c. Goatskins-
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
I medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4$4c per lb: No.
2, 3@3Hc; grease. 2@2V»e.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15@16c; Northern, defective, 12®
14c; Middle County, free, 14Q16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain, 12
[months', »@10c: Southern Mountain, .- free, 7
months', ll®32c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 9®llc; Humboldt and Mendoclno, 16
Q17c; Nevada, 13(gl6c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin, 6%3Sc: do Lambs', 8
©9c; Middle County. 9@llc per lb.
HOPS— HV4@14%c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— «@6tfo for Steers and 5®5%e per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7®Sc; small, Stt©9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7Hc; ewes, 6H07c per
pound.
LAMB— S@SV4e per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5^c for small. 5%c for
medium and 5%c for large: itock Hogs and
feeders, 6c; dressed Hogs, 7ViSSHc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, |5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6H^6Uc; Wool
Bags. 2S%@32Vic; Fleece Twine, 7V5c: Fruit
Pags. 6HB6%c for white and 8ViS v 3»ic for
bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wall-
HC-nd. tS; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $12 35 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $12 per ton: Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
$13 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50. per ton, according to
brand.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining.Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 10O-lb bags:
1 Crushed, 6.65c; Powdered, 6.25c; Candy Gran
ulated, 6.25c Dry Granulated, 6.15c; Confec
tioners' A, 6.15c; Magnolia A, 6.75c; Extra C,
6.65c; Golden C. 5.65c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels,' 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken , for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels, 6.90c; boxes. 7.15c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, OCTOBER- 25.
Flour, qr sks 47,8601 Quicksilver, flks. 18
Wheat, ctls 1.590; Eggs, doz 9.360
Barley, ctl3 1,210, Tallow, ctls i.... 22">
Oats, ctls 1,420! Raisins, bxs .... 8,370
Butter, ctls 217!I>ather, rolls .... 86
Cheese, ctls 239,' Wine, jrals 8,650
Beans, sks 7.496|Pelts. bdls 419
Potatoes, sks ..... 4,520' Hides, No 422
Onions, ska 480 Hay, tons 435
Sugar, bbls ...... 97 Wool, bales 136
Lime, bbls 182 1
WASHINGTON.
Flour, ox sks .... 9.4S4 Hops, bales ..... 50
Oats, ctls 1.720 FULxseed, sks....' 8,030
Bran, sks 6,928 •
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Oct. 25.— Consols. 98 13-14. SUvex.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— A llrmer market was
prevalent for tin In London, which caused a
similar turn for the better here. The net ad
vance for the day was 30@45 points at 137 OCii
St for spot. Lake topper was dull at (16 75®
17; -spelter and lead, were ; both dull and un
changed at $4 1004 15 and $4 87H." respectively.
The brokers' price for l«*d wu H aaA for
copper |1£ 17%. . "., ..: ¦' .¦
New York Metal Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 25.-CATTLB— Receipts, fcoOO,
Including 100 Western and 800 Texans. Gener
ally steady to strong. Natives, good to prime
pteers,.$5 60@€; poor to medium, }4 40@5 50; se
lr-cted feeders, slow. *3 75@4 45; mixed stockers
J2 f,0^j3 75; cows, $2 80<g>4 35; heifers, $2 75«4 75
canners, $2@2 65; bull?. $2 50^-5 40; calves $4®
C 60; Texas steers, %i& 60; grassers, $3 35ij74 15
bulls. $2 75@3 25. ' '
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 30.000; to-morrow
21.C00, estimated: left over, 2000. Opened slow*
closed strong; top, ,$4 85. Mixed and butchers
$4 <;@4 80; good to choice heavy,-. U 4304 85
rough hea\T. *4 40®4 50; light. |4 3O@4 85; bulk
of sales, )4 5o@4 70.
SHEEP— Receipts. 13,000.- W'eak to a nhade
lower. - Good to choice wethers, $3 S0@4 10- fair
to choice mixed, $3 4008 90; Western "sheep
$3 SfXfM 10; native lambs, $4 23@5 40; Western
lambs, 84 75@5 30.
Chicago Livestock Market.
_ NEW YORK. Oct. 23.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day
and realized the following prices: Grapes-
Tokays, single crates. 85c®Jl 10, average 94c.
Pears— E. Beurre, boxes, average $4; E. Beurre,
half-boxes, average $2 25; Nells, boxes, average
$3 75: Nells, half-boxes, average |1 05; Beckles
half-boxes, average $2 26: G. Morceau boxes
55c<a^l 30, average $127; P. Barry, boxes, *1 55
&t 20. average SI 78. Six cars sold to-day.
Weather dry; favorable.
* — *
LIVERPOOL.
Dee. Feb.
Opening * 5 10% ¦ 6 11%
Closing 5 1114- en
PARIS.
W 1 "* 1 — Oct. Jan.- April.
Opening 39 65 2100
Closing 19,70 2105
Flour—
Opening 25 33 27 05
Closing 25 45 27 Iff
California Fruit Sales.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 28,000 23 000
Wheat, bushels 210.000 E89 000
Corn, bushels 201,000 666,000
Oats, bushels 130,000 543 000
Rye. bushels 1,000 2.000
Barley, bushels 82,000 81,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was fairly active; creamery, 16®22c
dairy, 13@lSc Cheese, active, lOHOll^c. Eggs
quiet; Ireeh, 17%c.
NEW YORK. Oct. 25.— Accordine to the
phrase cf the professional traders in stocks a
reaction in prices was theoretically due to
day. The reaction was strenuously resisted
by the bull element, but their efforts proved
futile and ;>rlces chow losses on the day. A
fudden break in Sugar in the final hour had
not a little to do with the decisive course of
the market downward. Sugar suffered from
very heavy liquidation after its recent tharp
rise, which was not accounted for by any
news. Today's break was equally without
explanation but the fact of a previous rise
anJ the rerulting realizing. Ti.e drop in
f.far to 3V points. The weakness
Mas not tstreme.at otner points In the list,
the proflt-takir.g proceeding in an orderly and
«ju;ct:ng way curing the greater part of the
<lay. without wnous effect on prices. In the
late dealings manipulation by bears was In
evidence, stocks making wide declines on light
transaction*. The theory which professional
Cfwnton offer to explain a reaction like that
ot to-day is that stocks, ae a rt-Bult of a
tltaCy and prolonged advance. had passed
iron* strong eni organized control Jnto the
handB cf v.-eak and scattered buyers outside,
which do not command large resources and who
lack great ekill In Fi^culative methods to pro
tect inelr holdings. The anxiety to "sell of this
class of nuliiers on any sign of a reaction be
comes a drag on a bull market, always in
due proems of time. To-day's disposition to
fc«ll nad no accompanying favorable news to
?•xplain it. ur.Ic-ss the flagrant lack of con
r.rmation of many of the recent rumors which
liave t>e«-n used to advance stocka could be
called bad ne»e.
la the railroad list Southern Pacific was the
ewu<picuouR feature with an extreme advance
of i.early 2 iioints and a net grain of lu
There wu nothing in the money market to
dieturt. speculative oorrowers.
The bend market was not very active to
day, but xrices, were firmly held. Total sales
par value I-AMO.O^. United States E. advanced
% in the bid j>rtce on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST -v
bold. Ftock- • f a^i ng
2»,130 Atchison ,»,,
15.2a5 Atchlson prefd .'.' -\£
».71O Baltimore & Ohio ij?*
Canadian facjnc '— Jt
2"0 Canada (iouthtrn tlw
2,:rj Chesajjeake & Ohio £2
tvO Chicago Great Western ni
"40,140 Chicago, liurlington & Quincy 127I*
?W Chica«o. In4 Ac Louisville ->2Ct
StY***'* 1 * * l*HH*vtUe prefd":: 54%
r 100 Chic«ffo & Xortliwestern ir?i?
2,100 Chicago. Rock Island & PacVfic vitit
4M> C C C i ft Louis... 3C 4
tiu» Colorado t*
Ooloraau Southern 1st prefd 3514
Colorado Southern 2d prefd * """ KU
110 Delaware & Hudson j itji*
3<w LHlawaie, Lecka wanna & Western "l's
i"00 Denver & Klo tJrande 19
219 Denver & iiio Oraade prefd.. ".*.*.".'." 6^14
200 Krae — *" i?it
S00 Erie 1st prefd " ilZ
O2 Great Northern prefd i?«
....... Hocking Coal " ,2
Sl« .Hocking Valley ".V.'.'."' 3fiV
r .M Illinois Central 'llS>^
100 Iowa Central ".".".*.'." u"*
Iowa Central prefd •¦•-••
130 Lake Erie & Western '.'.'.'."" "r
Lake F.rle &. Western prefd '.'"' jo"*
Lake Shore " SiietA
a.SOO Louisville & XashvlUe S£?
'. 13.C10 Manhattan Elevated J71?
;.&00 Metropolitan Street Railway.... "kiv
820 Mexican Central ' «?
S0» Minneapolis & St Louis , wil
<,<¦) Minneapolis & St Louis prefd. 9s
1Z.7ZO Missouri Pacific '" j, 4 t4
100 Mobile & Ohio ;
Missouri, Kansas & Texas 10^
6.4M) Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd.... 2i*4
500" New Jersey Central V&vL
2.C20 New York Central 133
".¦3.225 Norfollt & Western 57 |
300 Norfolk & Western prefd 77
21.425 Northern Pacific 66V4
• 1,242 Northern Pacific prefd 72iJ
3.S32 Ontario & Western. 22S
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
....... Oregon Railway &. Nav prefd 76
15.2S0 Pennsylvania 134%
3.210 leading- ...: mi
13.C'i Iteadinr let prefd...: V/%
LSOO Heading Jd prefd 29
....... Rio Granae Weetern 60
....... Rio Grande Western prefd 90
•00 Gt Louis & Eaa Francisco........... 114
Bt Louis & Ban Fran 1st prefd...... 67
(00 Bt Louis & Fan Fran M prefd 36%
3.575 St I*iu!s. Southwestern 13-V
£.090 8t Louie. SouthweBtern prefd 31 1 -*
S.SU0 fit Paul 115»4
6t Paul prefd 172
I'O St Paul & Omaha....'. ....112
5,7« Southern Pr.clflc .'......:.;.. Z~,%
iM Southern Railway 12 1«
Neiv York Stock Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— Wheat started the day
active and nervous, December at 72%@72%c,
U@%c over the previous day's close. Liverpool
thowed a decline, as had been expected, re
ceipts being liberal and the weather still en
gaged in helping thd>*farmer get his grain to
j n.jirktt. There was a large short Interest here
and in the Northwest and it was alarmed over
the hfavy cash sales here yesterday, news of
which was not announced until the da?'s trad
ing was over. Liverpool recovered most of the
! curly loss. The Northwest sold moderately
early, but bought some also, and later was
principally en the purchasing side of the
pit. December, without any material reaction,
dosplte some profit taking, advanced to 7?%o,
at which the market closed. T4@lc over yester
dty.
Corn was quiet. The news was bearish, but
the wheat strength was too strenuous to be
overlooked. December closed He hightr at
3,-iVj.c
There was a moderate trade In oats. Decem
ber closed H&'^c higher at 22c
Provisions were fairly active and flrm. The
n:£.rket started higher on moderate hog | re
ceipts and an advance In prices at the yards.
On covering by shorts the list advanced. Late
in the session buying of ribs by an influential
packer gave that article an upward Impetus.
Jtmuary pork closed 20c higher, lard and ribs
each 12Hc higher.
There will be no session of the Board of
Trade Saturday.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Artlcleo— Open. High. Low. Cloc*.
Wheat No* 2 —
October 71% 72% 71?i 72%
November 72^ 72% 71% 72%
December 72T4 73% 72% 73%
Corn No. 2—
October SSU SSU S7H 3S
November 37 3"H 36% 37V4
December 23 33'4 347* 3SV»
May ... 35T4 36U S5«i 8614
Oats No. 2—
October. 21% 214 21% 21V4
November 21% 21% 21H 21%
December 22 22 21% 22
May 23»i 23ft 23% ,23ft
Mess pork, per barrel —
October 14 00
November 10 40 10 75 10 50 10 75
January :...ll 10 11 20 ' 1110 11 17H
Lard, per 100 pounds-
October 6 97Vs
November 6 90 6 97% 6 90 6 95
January -j 6 £2H 6 65 6 52Vi 6 62%
Short ribs, per 100 pounds —
October 6 60 6 85 6 60 6 73
November .... 6 20
January 5 87% 6 97% 6 87% 6 39
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet: No. 2 spring wheat. 65?4®72«4c: No. 2
red, 73%f75%c; No. 2 corn, 37«i^3S%c; No. 2
yellow, 3SQft>>4c; Xo. 2 oats, 220'22%c; Xo. 2
white, 25c; No. 3 white, 23V4@25c; No. 2 rye,
47%tfT4Sc: fair to choice malting. 4S©S8c; No.
1 flaxseed, $1 7O@l 7S; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 79; '
prime timothy seed, $4 30; mess pork, per bar
rel. Ill 50; lard, per 100 pounds, (6 97%@7; short
ribs Bides (loose), J6 60®« 85; dry salted shoul
; ders (boxed), <H4<5>6%c; short clear sides (boxed),
j J6 75ig'6 85; whisky; basis of high wines, Jl 27;
i clover, contract grade, $10®10 25.
Lumber Exports.
Export* of lumber from this port flaring the
first n'.n» rnor.ths of the year were 16.900,030
feet, valued at J345.64S. against 17.017.<.O0 feet
at J470.C50 during the same time last year.
Exports of Wine.
Exports of wine from this port during the
first nine months of the year were 4. 190.60) gal
lons and 6447 caw*, valued at J1.17C.500. against
2.6CS.420 gulions and KS6 cases at fSS2,oi>0 dui
lng the same time last yrar.
Foreign Imports.
Foreign Imports at this port during the first
nine- months of the year were J32.223.SC0, against
f34,3O2,4i« during the Fame time last year, the j
teadlTig sourtv* b^ing as foUoTs: Japan. 16,- j
SSS.GuO; China, 16,003,230; Gr.-'at Britain. J2.0M,- i
000; Hawaiian Islands, fc.r.PS.SOO six |
months); Germany, J1.128.S00; C<>ntral America, I
SI. 243.200; British Columbia, $l,«£,92o; Ea£l i
Indies, j:,6C»4>X).
Weather Report.
12Cth MeriS'.an— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 25, 1900— 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California, to-day:
Enreka 56 Los Angeles 72
Mount Tamalpa!* l~ Sacramento 68
Independence CS!8an Luis Cbispo 78
PvPd Bluff CS s^gja. Dkgo bS
Kreeno '2
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
€£; minimum, 10; mean, S9.
WEATHER CONDITION'S XSD GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevails over Washington,
Oregon nad Idaho. Elsewhere w*Et of the Rocky
Mountains it i« generally clear. Light rain
1ms fallen ever Wa.'hinglon. Oregon and along |
the «^Jiforn1a coast north of Cape Mendoclno:
The pressure has rls^n over the northwestern
portion of the Pacific Slope and fallen over i
the central. It is highest oJT the Oregon coast
and lowest In British Columbla.
The tenvi>erature has ri&en generally wen of
the Rocky Mountains.
Condiuoae are Javorable for fair and some-
Trhat warmer weather In California Friday.
Forecast made st San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. October 26. IKK):
Northern California— Fair Friday; warmer;
light northwest wind.
Southern Call forn la— Fair Friday; liEtot west
wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Friday.
Utah— Partly clouly Friday.
Arizona— Fair Friday.
San Francisco antf vicinity— Fair; warmer
Friday; lisbt northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Heaviness and dullness characterized the mar
kets here to-day. Induced by fears of higher
rates for money. Americans were much quieter
than they have been recently, and London was
unsettled and Inclined to continue realizing
rales, fearing that the manipulators in New
York will unload before the election. The bank
lost £20,D00 gold to Holland. Money was tighter,
mainly owing to the settlements and end of
month arrangements, while the bank was re
ported to be borrowing to harden the market.
A stronger measure than this will be required
to accomplish that object.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Oct. 25.— Atchlson, 33%; Canadian
Paclflc, 90 1 ,*; Union Paclflc preferred, 78V4:
Northern Paclflc preferred, 75%; Grand Trunk,
6%; Anaconda, 6%. Bar silver, uncertain. 30d
per ounce. Money, 1H P*r cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— Money on call, firm
at 3»-'S34"4 per cent; last loan. 4 per cent; prime
mercantile paper. 5<36 per cent: • sterling ex- ¦
charge steadier, with actual business In bank
eVs' bills at $4 83% for demand and $4 SOVi@
4 SO-li for sixty days; posted rates, $4 81@4 S2
ana $4 8i%@4 85; commercial bills, $4 79%@
4 iC'hi: silver certificates. 64%.4?<\IV4c: bar silver,
j <&c: Mexican dollars, r.O^ic: Government bonds,
strong; State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds,
firm.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— To-day's statement
of the treaseury balances In the general fund,
I exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
I division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balances. (133.048.067; gold, IS8.064.M7.
Nrdu York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct! X.— The narktt for cot
ton opened steady at a decline of 2Q» points,
cables being disappointing , and : the average
of crop news and other outside * Influences be-
I Ing also bearish.. After a rurther decline of
2QZ points, however, the market nade a sharp
2.120 Southern Railway prefd E6"4
1.S50 Texas & Pacific 17*» .
3.3.3 Union Pacific- 61%
3.3S4 Union Paclflc prefd 76%
Daba«h tt
720 Wabash prefd 1* ,
3.610 AVhePling & L E •".••• 9%
1.500 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 26H
130 Wisconsin Central 13y*
Third Avenue HO
Express Companies—
Adams 1»
200 American <. !¦>»
United States 50
Wells Fargo 12i
Miscellaneous—
3S0 American Cotton Oil 36
American Cotton Oil prefd SI j
American Malting '5
1,350 American Malting prefd 2o\i I
2.220 American Smelting and Refining... 41*4
1,420 American Smelting & Refining pfd. 91
American Spirits 1
American Spirits prefd 17
2,080 American Steel Hoop 24^4
2,250 American Steel Hoop prefd 75
6.15-1 American Steel & Wiro 35H
4.200 American Steel & Wlro prefd 74^4 [
4.33d American Tin Plate 34»i
500 American Tin Plate prefd 82
21.400 American Tobacco 9S
American Tobacco prefd 127
945 Anaconda Mining Co 45U
116.175 Brooklyn Rapid Transit €2%
2.440 Colorado Fuel & Iron 39*i
4,545 Continental Tobacco 29H
649 Continental Tobacco prefd 82Vi
8,490 Federal Steel 39«j
2.210 Federal Steel prefd 6S%
350 General Electric 143}i
1.375 Glucose Sugar 65Vi
Glucose Sugar prefd 9SVs
1,100 International Paper 20
530 International Paper prefd 65
100 Laclede Gas 71
1.150 National Biscuit 36
410 National Biscuit prefd 90H
2<Yi National Lead 20
National Lead prefd 97>4
l,PW National Steel SOVi
7S5 National Steel prefd 87
a» New York Air Brake 125
1.000 North American 15?i
Pacify Coast 58
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 84
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 67
10.C53 Pacific Mall 43
6.255 People's Gas 93%
1,930 Pressed Steel Car 43
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd 80^
220 Pullman Palace Car 189
Standard Rope & Twine 51
50,470 Sugar ....122*4
Sugar prefd 116
7.535 Tennessee Coal & Iron 59*4
6.655 United States Leather 12^,
2.360 United States Leather prefd 71^
1.520 United States Rubber 33^
100 United States Rubber prefd ;.. 88
1.785 Western Union ~ 80%
1.472 Republic Iron & Steel 13%
9S» Republic Iron & Steel prefd 57
P C C & St L 62
6S9.700 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2c refunding. ,L & Naeh unl 4s.. 99
reg 104^'N Y Cent Ists ....108
do coup 104li N J Cent gen 5s. .123
do 3s reg 109^ No Pac 3s 66Vi
do coup 110 do 4a 103»;
do new 4s reg 133*4 N Y C & St L 4s..lO6Vi
do coup 133'/iiNorf & W con 4s.. 31%
do old 4s reg.. ..115 .Or Nav Ists 110
do coup 115 j do 4a 100
do 6s reg 112^ Or S Line 6s 1Z7\4
do coup 113*4; do con Be 114H
Dis of Col 3.6SB...123 1 *: Reading tea 4s ... 8SH
Atchlson gen 4s ..1W* R G W Ists SS%
do adj 4s S7\;St L & I M con 5s. 110
Can So 2d» 107 iSt L & S F gen 6s. 121
Ches & Ohio 4HS..100 iSt Paul cons 170%
do 5s : 12O»4!St P C & Pac lsts.m'4
C & N W con 7s. .133%! do 6s 119
Co tS F deb ES...126 ;So Pac 4s 80%
Chi Term 4s 81 'So Railway 5s ....HO
Colo So 4s 62Vi'S Rcpe & T 6s 63
D & R G Ists 103 I Tex & Pac lsts ...114%
do 4» 99H do 2ds 70
Erie ren 4s 71 (Union Pac 4a 10C
Ft W & D C Ists.. 72^!Wabash Ists IIS
Gen Elee 5« 118 do 2ds 102H
Iowa Cent lsts ...113 West Shore 4s 113
M K & T 2ds 67H Wls Cent Ists fc6%
<Io 4s 82T»|Va c«nt 91}*
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15 Ontario ..: B 50
Crown Point 10 Ophir SO
Con Cal & Va 1 00 Plymouth 12
peadwood 5d Quicksilver 1 23
Guuld & Curry 65 Quicksilver prefd.. 6 00
Hale & Norcross... C3 Sierra Nevada 23
Homestake 65 CO Standard S 40
Iron Silver "0 Union Con 20
Mexican S3 Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON 8TOCKS AND BONDS.
Mcnej»- iWis Central 13%
Call loans I Qi i Bonds-
Time loans 4%u6 Union Land 1%
Stocks— iWest End 92
A T & S F S2*4!Atchison 4s 93*4
A T & 6 F prefd.. 74% |N E Oaa&Coke 6s. 64
American Sugar.. .122% j Mining Shares-
Am Sugar prefd. ...116 (Adventure 4%
Bell Telephone 148 AUouez Mln Co.... '2
Bofton & Albany .245 iAmalg Copper 91
Boston Elevated... 155 iAtlantlc' 24
Boston & Maine.. .190 jBoston &. Mont 325
Chgo, Bur & Q....l27HButte &, Boston.... 65^
Dominion Coal 40H Calumet & Hecla..7S0
Dom Coal prefd 123 jCentennlal 17?t
Federal Ste«l 39M, , Franklin 15
Fed Steel prefd.... 6S%|Humboldt 25
Fltchburg. prefd. ..138 jOsceola 72
General Electric. ..144 Parrot 45 1 ,4
Gen Elec prefd 13<»4 Quincy 152
Ed Elec 111 213 -Santa Fo Copper... 7%
Mexican Central... 12% : Tamarack 258
N E Gas & Coke... 13 lUtah Mining 324
Old Dominion 22 jWinona ZVt
Rubber 32%. Wolverine* 42
Union Pacific 61%
London Market.
Sterling Exchange, CO days...... — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 go
Sterling Cables — * 88
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 124
Fine Silver, per ounce — Wi
Mexican Dollars, nominal BOH O 61
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool was lower, but Paris and
New York were higher. Chicago was also firm
er, under light offerings and better cablea.
There was fair investment buytoig, and the
seaboard reported a strong market. There were
850.000 bushels sold at Chicago. The shorts be
gan to cover on reports of fly in Ohio, Indiana
and Missouri. The recent decline Is ascribed
to the- big Kansas crop, but it Is thought re
ceipts will now fair off. In which case better
prices may result. Argentine advices are un
favorable.
In this market the feeling was strong, and
both eoot and future prices advanced.
.Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95<59&Hc; Milling-,
97!4c@n OUi per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.-
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December — 2000
ctls, m'*o. ¦ May— 2000, $1 04%.
Second Session— May— 6C00 ctls, $1 04%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 15.000
ctls. 9S%c. May— 2000, SI 05%: 4000, |1 05%; 8000.
*1 0W4.
Afternoon Session — December" — 2000 ctls, 98}4c.
May— 2000, W 05; 4000, $1 04%.
BARLEY— Did rather better yesterday, partly
owing to recent lighter receipts and partly to
the Improvement in Wheat.
Feed. 72V&C for choice bright, 70c for No. 1
and 62%@67Hc for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 75@S0c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— December— 6000 ctls. 72c. '
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
72HC, ¦
Afternon Session— No sales.
OATS— The market seems to rule firm all
over the country. In Chicago. strong operators
ore buying for investment, and on this coast
the market continues stiff at previous prices.
White, $1 35@1 50; Surprise, II 45@1 t»; Red,
tl 15@1 25 for feed and *1 25@1 40 for seed; Gray.
II 25©1 35; Black, for feed. $1 12>4@l 20; for
se*d. $1 22<4S1 32^ Per ctl.
| CORN— Eastern yellow and white are quoted
at Si 22%@1 23% and Eastern mixed at $1 20@
1 2Hi per ctl.
RYE— 30c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour, and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 60®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, (3 40@3 60;
Oregon and Washington, $2 75<8>3 10 per bbl for
family and $3 15®3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern.
$4 75@5 75 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
MeaL %'l 50: Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do. $3 50: Oat Groats, H 50; Hom
iny, %Z 50<g;3 75;- .Buckwheat Flour, ' $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. J3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $60
7 25; In sacks, $5 7507; Pearl Barley. *5; Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran is slightly lower again. There were
receipts of 6928 sks from Washington. Hay Is
reported steady and In healthy condition.
BRAN— $15 60<gl6 E0 per ton.
MJDDLINGS— ;i6 50fa20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $15818 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. I25@28; Jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal, $26<g
27; 'Cracked Corn, J26 50@27 50; Mixed Feed, $15
©16.
HAT— Volunteer. $5<3S; Wheat, $11@13 60:
Wheat and Oat. $10(gl2 60; Oat. *9@11 50; Clover.
$3£c7; Alfalfa, $6 EO@S 50; Barley, $7@9 per ton.
STRAW— 85@45c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The announcement that Alfalfa Seed had ar
rived from Utah was a mistake. None has
yet arrived, but samples to arrive are offer
ing at the quotations . below.
Beans continue flrm, but the trade hardly
expect the present prices to last after the Oc
tober shorts have filled their needs. Receipts
continue heavy.
BEANS— Bayo». $2 30®2 40; Small White.
J3 60(3-3 83; Large White. $2 60<ft2 75; Pink. $1 90
«i2 10; Red, ?3; Blackeye, $2 85<iJ3; Lima, $5 15
@5 20; Pea, $3 75@4; Red Kidney, nominal.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax. $2 2502 40; Canary.
2%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 9®9Hc; Rape, 2H@3c; Hemp, 4®4%c;
Timothy, 4@<4Hc
.DRIED PEAS-Nlles, $1 60®2; Green, |1 80®
2 20 per ell; Blackeye, $1 50<31 75.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The tendency in Onions Is upward, though
the advance Is slow. Vegetables show no
change worthy of note. Potatoes rule firm for
choice lots.
POTATOES-River Reds, 75®85c; Burbanks,
30@60c for Rivers and 90c(3'$l 15 per ctl for
Salinas and 60@90c for Oregon; Sweets, 60075c
for Rivers and $1 for Merced. •
ONIONS— <O@8Sc per ctl: Pickle Onions. 60®
60c.
VEGETABLES-Green Peas. 3@Cc per lb;
Strins Beans. 2<g3c; Llmas, 2#4e per lb;
Cabbage, $1; Tomatoes, Bay, 30®90c; .Egg
riant. 30®60c per box; Green' Okra. 60®60c:
Green Peppers, 30@50c per box for Chill and 40
#50c for .Bell; Dried Peppers, 10@15c; Carrots,
25fiJ35c per sack; Summer Squash, 50@85c for
Alameda: Cucumbers, 35@50c for Alameda;
Pickles. $1 B0 per box for No. X and Jl for No. 2;
Garlic. 4#4'ic per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $8<tf>10
per ton. * ,
Poultry and Game.
Another car .of Eastern Poultry, came in,
rneking five thus far this week, and sales were
made at He for Turkeys, $4 for Ducks* and
Fryers. $5 50#6 for Hens. $5 for young and old
Roosters and $1 for Pigeons. ,:.-¦•-¦
Domestic Poultry showed no variation. '
Game showed very little -change.
POULTRY— Livd Turkeys, 13@15c 'for Gob
blers and 13®15c for Hens ; - old - Turkeys, 11@
12>4c: Geese, per pair. « 50@l 75; Goslings, $1 " ( a
®2;. Duckn. $3<ff-4 for old and J3 COdtA 50 for
young; Hens, $4@5; Young Roosters, $3 50@4 50;
Old Roosters, $3 60@4; Fryers, J3 25(03 50; Broil
ers. $3(93 SO for large and $2 60@3 for small;
Pigeons, $1 per dozen for old and $1 50@l 75
for Squabs. . . .
GAME— Quail, *1 25® 1 DO for Valley and 12
for Mountain; Mallard, $4@6: Canvasback, $3
@5 50: Spric $3@3 50: Teal. $3@3 50; Widgeon,
$1 75@2 25; Small Duck. $1 7502; Gray Geese. $3;
White Geese, Jl@l 50; Brant, $1 BO for small
and $2 50 for large; English Snipe, $1 25: Jack
Snipe.* $1; Hare. ,»1 25; Rabbits. II 25®X SO for
cottontail and $l for brush; Doves, 60@65c per
dozen. ' > . , -, -
j Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Dealers report Eggs (dragging more or les«
since the last advance, as the high prices check
consumption. Stocks continue small, however.
• Butter. Is reported very dull, ; though there Is
no further decline. . Supplies of f reslr are too
large for the demand. :.
Cheese rules flrm, with light stockB.
¦BUTTER—-: ... •:.:^V-.
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 25c; ' Seconds,
23(524c. '.".:.:.-. " '- ' .-¦¦¦¦.
'¦- Dairy— Fancy, 23c; good to choice, - 21@22ftc;
common, 20c. ;, -
Creamery tub— tO^iZMc per • lb.
Pickled roll— lOiQtflc.
Firkin— 18@19c. ¦ • • • ¦ -
, Storage goods — 22V45124C. ».- -
CHEESE— New, . ll%c; old, 9®llo; »Young
America,, ll^f 12Hc; Eastern, 13^014c;' West
ern, - 10@12c per lb. ¦¦¦ ¦ • <¦'"¦'¦
EGGS— Quoted at KXffSOc for store and 37%@
42V4C Der dozen for ranch:, Eastern. 1S4J26C. .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
.The few Watermelon* ' offerln* mx»-' hardly
Exchange and Bullion.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Demand for evap
orated apples to-day was light. The local mar
ket ruled quiet and unchanged. State, common,
4@5c; prime. 4}«@5Vic; choice, EHS6c; fancy,
64i6V4c.
California dried fruits continue Inactive and
nominally unchanged.
PRUNES— 3 VstWfcc, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, ll<»14c: Moorpark, 15(S16c
PEACHES— Peeled, 16® 20c; unpeeled. 6®9c.
NEW YORK. Oct. 25.— FXOUR— Receipts, 26.
4S4 barrels; exports, 22,232 barrels; sales, 7400
packages. Shade steadier, but dull neglected.
WHEAT— Receipts, 173.000 bushels; sales. 4.
150,000 bushels futures and 80.000 bushels spot.
-iSf»~^ lrm i N £i? red ' 7SHc f - °" b - afloa t and
<6!*e elevator; No. 1 Northern' Duluth, 84V4o
t. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 87%c f. o. b.
afloat. Options-Had a flrm opening on eood
foreign buying and after a setback under real
izing experienced a strong upturn on report"
of extensive Hessian fly appearance In the
Mest. firm late cables, active local covering
and fairly liberal seaboard clearances. Closed
?, r r m at net advance. March. 80%@
Sl%c. closed Sl%c; May. 80%®Sl ll-16c. closed
SIHc; October closed 76'ic; December. 77»40
TSiic, closed 7S»4c & \
HOPS— Quiet. "
HlDES-<5uiet.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio. steady; No. 7 Invoice.
8Wc; mild, quiet; Cordova. 9%c. Futures—
Cloeed steady at 5 to 10 points net advance.
Total sales, 25,230 bags, including: November,
J6 20; December, $7 05; March, $7 25; May, J7 33;
July. 17 40, and September. J7 43.
SUGAR— Raw. easy; fair refining, 4Hc; cen
trifugal. 96 test, *%c; molasses sugar. S%c.
R-flnedqulet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2902 packages; steady,
creamery. lM?22»4c; June creamery. lS@21c;
factory. 13@16c. .
EOGS— Receipts. 7272 packages; barely steady.
Western regular packing, at mark, 17@19c;
Western, Ioeb off, 21c.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower again. Exchange unchanged. I
Wheat and Barley domg better.
Oats, Corn and Rye as before quoted.
Hay steady. Bran slightly lower again.
Beans continue firm and in demand.
Onions tending upzeard. Potatoes and Vegetables about the same.
Butter weak and excessively dull. Cheese and Eggs firm.
Another car cf Eastern Poultry arrived. Game steady. .
Fresh and Dried Fruits stand about the same.
Provisions unchanged, with a fair demand.
Hides firm at the advance, zvith an active demand.
No further change in the Meat market.
Foreign imports show a decrease.
Larger exports of Wine.
TETE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1900.
New York Grain and Produce.]
»2 ra i5 n ? ad '»nced rapidly. From the loweat to
ir?»,.» *• P 01 " 18 ot the session the improve-
Trv ,-«*?.* matter ol 1S © 22 Points, with Janu
?,£,£ II t0 T JS.97. when the market again
£h?W«t f^ Januar y 60ld down to (8.88 ami
5!*J" t . °* th e market eased off in proportion.
»n 2J? e i 0 ™**- to the closing prices there wu
k^t fln,n ce "'"©IS. points, with the mar
points y at a nfit of 6®12
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 25.— Wheat, dull and nomin
ally unchanged. Blue Stem, 65c; Club, 62c.
PORTLAND, Oct. 25.— The wheat market Is a
shade steadier, in sympathy with other markets
and on account of a weaker feeling In freights.
Walla Walla, 52V-e; Blue Stem, 66c; Valley, for
milling DnrDOses," 60(g62c.
Foreign exports of wheat for the week ending
to-day were 233.010 bushels.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
>>. Steamers leave Broadway
fc-, wharr. San Francisco:
K^*-^ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
gBSJEBlfc Ort. IS. Nov. 2. Change to
*§^K^^^ company's steamers at ?eatt!e.
fiK*£S\5ky Fcr Victoria. Vancouver (B.
tgBgaW 'Wi C), Port Tov.-nscnd. Spattl*.
ftgvAJ^^gJy. i Tatoma, Everett, Anacort-s
r^^S^Ssw ar.d New Whateom (Wa?h-)—
11 a. m., Oct. 23. Nov. 2, and
ij^ every fifth day thereafter.
Chancre at Seattle to this company's steamer*
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. -
For Eureka, Humboldt Cay — 2 p. m., Oct. 30.
Nov. 4, and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Dlejro. stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obtspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a. m..
Oct. 23, Nov. 1. and every fourth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Oavtota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Huencme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— t
a. m.. Oct. 26. 30. Nov. 3. and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Ensenada. Majrdalena Bay. San Jose d«t
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company'^
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sallinsr dates and hours of sailing?
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. A*ents.
10 Market St.. San Francl3co>.
THE 0. R. & (!. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PO T^rr.X^J^lsT 3D
From Soear-street Wharf at 10 A. M.
CALfU SI -First Class Including Berth
r.H'iL s9 5(. i :jnd Cuss. . and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails Oct. SO
COLUMBIA sails Nov. 4
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Throuch tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General A«rent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NIW TORE. 80UTHAMPT0S. L03D03J. PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg 1 , westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a.m.
New Tork Oct. 31|New Tork Nov. 21
St. Paul Nov. 7|St. Paul Nov. 2S
St. Louis ...Nov. 14 St. Louis Dec 5
RED STAR LINE.
N«w York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Noordland ..Oct. 31|Westernland ...Nov. 21
Friesland Nov. 7fKenslnston Nor. 23
Southwark Nov. 14 Noordland Dec &
For freltcht and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
20 Montgomery st. Or any of Its agents.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan* streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sallinsr.
SS. HONGKONG MARC
Tuesday, November 13. 1900
SS. NIPPON MARTI
Thursday, December 6, 1300
SS. AMERICA MARIT
Saturday. December 29. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trii» tickets at reduced rates. For
frleght and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
OCEANIC S. S. CC-HONOITTLC, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYI»EY.
SS ALAMEDA for Honolulu, Samoa, New
'Zealand and Australia
. . . ...Wednesday. October 93, » p. ra-
ce 'Vf-STRALIA for Tahati
SS. almw _. Thursday. November 1. 4 p. m.
SS "ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
..Wednesday, November 10, 2 p. m.
' j. D SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 643 Market St
Fler 7.Fort Pacific St. Freioht Otfice. 327 Market St.
\oX?A r i'n* GENERAL'S TRANSATLAHTIQUS.
niRFCT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
"aiHng every Thursday. Instead of ttfS%
from November 2. 1S». at 3w*»
f? a ra . trcta Pier 42. North River, root of
Mo?tnn street. LA TOURAINE. Nov. I;
i'AQUlTAlNE. Nov. 3. First class to Harve.
tss and upward. Second class to Havre, $42 10
and upward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
rNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building. New York. J. F. FUGAZl
». CO ' Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco.
BAY AND EIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer " Montlcello." ,
MON.. Tues.. "Wed., Thurs. and Slat. M »:45'
a. va., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. <ex. - . Thura. nlgRt); I*rl-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. »., g
p. m. Landing and office. Mlsston-ttntt Dock,
Pier No. 2. -Telephone Main 1508.
FAB£ ~ ...~ Ro
AUCTION SALES
, , . ; — -
EMIL COHN, AUCTIONEER,
WILL SELL TO-DAY, October 2S. 1S00. at 11
o'clock a. m.. at 216 Fulton »t.. «le«ant oa*
furniture of 10 rooms; nico beddins ana nair
mattresses, parlor and chamber and dining-
room and kitchen furniture; like new.
EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.CONGRESSMAN METCALF ADDRESSED HIS FRIENDS IN THE WIG
WAM IN THE WEST END OF OAKLAND LAST NIGHT. HE WILL
CLOSE HIS CAMPAIGN IN HIS OWN COUNTY. "
REV. DR. COYLE. WHO WAS EDUCATED FOR A PHYSICIAN, BUT DE
CIDED TO ENTER THE CHURCH. HE HAS PREACHED IN CALI
FORNIA FOR TWENTY-FIVE YEARS.
Arthur Castro. Who committed . many
burglaries throughout the city aided by a
peculiar contrivance with" which he couid
open spring locks; was sentenced; to four
years in San Quentin by Judge Dunne yes
terday. " - ' - - . • /,:
Arthur Castro Sentenced.
Kills Himself Because of Illness.
BERKELEY. Oct. 25,-While despond
ent because of failing health, William
Ryan, a veteran of the civil war, com
mitted suicide yesterday afternoon by
ehooting himself in the head with a rifle
at his residence, 1610 Oxford street, Ryan
was a type founder, 79 years old, a native
of Baltimore, Md. He was a. member of
Lincoln Post No. L G. A. R.
The passenger department of the So-utn
ern Pacific Is having printed a aeries of
primers about California and the book*
are to be distributed all over the United
States. About l.WO.oo* will be t3dtud.
The^ will flrst be sent to every school
superintendent and then to every prin
cipal. The first book Is entitled "Ta« t^L
itornia B\g Tree Primer."
Railroad in Role of Educator.
The Mantel and Tile Setters' Union will
enjoy itself next Saturday evening at Odd
Fellows* Hall. From the number of Invi
tations sent out it is quite evident that
the hall will be taxed, to hold all of those
who will be present. Admission Is by
ticket purchased from any member of the
committee or at the door on -the evening
of the entertainment. . .1 • : •
Mantel and Tile Setters' Party.
Louis T. Olsen. a policeman, died at the-
McNutt Hospital yesterday morning fxoro
appendicitis. He was operated on on
Wednesday by Drs. McXutt and Bazet.
but succumbed. He was 52 years of age
and Joined the force March 6. 1SS5. His
beat for the past four years was on Pow
ell street from California to Bay. He waa
a quiet, unassuming man and waa highly
respected by all who knew him.
Policeman Dies at McNutt Hospital.
OAKLAND. .Oct. 25.— Licenses to marry
were Issued to-day to Joseph Perry Sllva
aged 27, and Belle Aurora Sllva, 24 *both
of Haywards: John Simpson, 31 San
Francisco, and Mary Christine Connor 24
Ran Francisco: Clarence Whitrtev Caatell'
25. Oakland, and Anna Marie Schaffer vk
Oakland: William C. Davis, 24, Berke'lev
and Grace Mary Stanley,- 18, San Francis
co; Delmas Bon de Rampar, 36, San Fran
cisco, and Eulalia Galais, 32. San Fran
cisco.
Licenses to Marry.
James Tobln, a marine fireman, 60 years
old, died suddenly at his residence, 48
Jessie street, at 11:30 o'clock yesterday
forenoon. He was unmarried.
F. Whalquist. a sea captain, aged 70
years, fell dead yesterday in Jefferson
square. He resided with his wife and
family at 226 Clara street.
William Pope, a cook, aged 62 years,
died suddenly yesterday morning at 1
Jackson street.
Three Sudden Deaths.
Louis, aged 6 monthr, are having a hard
time at 172 Julian avenue. Hansen has
found it dlfficuit to get work at his trade
and some months ago he :nortgaged his
furniture to K. \V. Lick, a money lender
i>r 116 McAllister street. He was paying:
i : &) per month on a loan of (60. Then he
•¦¦'< auif Indebted to his landlady, Mrs.
Vvohlfeldt. for two months' rent.
Between the chattel mortgage and the
rent Hansen struggled. He went to work
at the Klsdon Iron Works ior $1 75 a day.
l;ut lost his position a month ago. The
culmination of his troubles came yester
day, when Lick or hla representatives
took all his furniture out of the house,
leaving the mother and children without
*¦•• much a« a chair to sit upon. Then the
landlady took all the windows out and
the doors off and the family sought tem-
I><-rary shelter in a dark room.
60 pitiable was their plight, and so
herolr the determination of the mother
to make the best of her unenviable posi
tion. thAt neighbors notified the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
and Secretary White and Officer McMur
ray went to their aid. The landlady was
Induced to put back the windows, neigh
l>ors contributed food and bed clothing
and the family was provided for during
the night. Efforts will be made to-day
to place the family In a more comfortable
ftrjodft.
I* J. Hanpen, a furrier, his wife and
two children, Harry, aged 5 years, and
HOUSEHOLD IS WRECKED
BY CHATTEL MORTGAGE
Oeorge Green and Robert Lange. sup
posed to be the burglars who have been
operating in the Western Addition, were
arrested yesterday morning by Detectives
Wren and McMahon while about to leave
the city. For several weeks past a num
ber of houses In the Western Addition
have been entered by two men. who
claimed to be lottery agents, and valuable
property was taken. Suspicion was fas
tened on Green and Lange. who are well
known to the -police, and Instructions
were Issued to arrest them. " .
Last night Lange was positively Identi
fied by Mrs. Costello, who lives at 141
Julian avenue, as the man who had vis
ited her home, and after representing
that he was an agent for a lottery com
pany Informed her that she had won $4000
at a recent drawing. He took her to a
building on Market street, and after In
fluencing her to give him $25 as his "fee"
he promptly I disappeared. As Larige did
not return Mrs. Costello Informed the po
lice.
Both the men have criminal records.
Green has served several terms In the
local Jails for vagrancy and larceny and Is
known as a bold crook. Some time ago he
took a shot at Policeman Owens, who had
discovered him in the act of committing
a burglary, but failed to hit him. For
this crime he was sent to Jail for. a short
period. '¦¦-•- ..'¦ .. "> ..,¦:¦
On September 15, 1593. Lange was sent
to San Quentln for five years for burglary.
He was - afterward granted a new trial
and was acquitted. Prior to that he did
three months for petty larceny.
the City.
George Green and Robert Lange Ar
rested While About to Leave
WANTED FOR ROBBERIES
IN WESTERN ADDITION
A man in whose hat .was found a slip of
paper bearing the name Thomas Sullivan
and the address 431 Twenty-ninth street
was taken from the bay. at Long Wharf
yesterday. After the man fell or Jumped
into the water his struggles were seen by
some railroad hands who were at work
close by. With the aid of a boat he was
rescued. He was sent to the Receiving
Hospital while In ah unconscious condi
tion. He was revived and put to bed in
the hospital.
Fished Out of the Water.
Sherman & Clay Hall presented a beau
tiful appearance last night when hlle«l
w'th the splendid floral display brought
there by members of the California State
Floral Society to form Its sixteenth ex
position. The chief exhibits were Mrs.
Theodore Sachau's asters and carnations,
which will no doubt carry off the prize
for the finest Individual exhibit, although,
William K. Dagge's* dahlias and chrysan
themums will press them hard for flrst
place. The exhibits of the Presidio and
Golden Gate Park are also noteworthy.
An exhibit which attracts much atten
tion Is that of the curious Guatemala,
wooden Mower shown by Lloyd H. Rowley
of Alameda. C. Abrams has a fine display
of decorative plants and shrubs. Profes
sor O. V. Lange of Berkeley is repre
sented by an Immense screen of wonder
ful flower photographs, and Miss Adelaide
Hanscome of Berkeley has a beautiful
collection of dried California wild flowers.
The exhibition will continue to-day and
to-morrow. The committee on awards la
composed of the following named: Mra.
A. Sperry. Mrs. O. D. Baldwin. John
McLaren and Sydney Clark.
SPLENDID BLOSSOMS ARE
COMPETING FOR AWARDS
The Sunnyslde Improvement Club elect
ed the following named for its officers ai
the meeting last night: Gus Schnee, pres
ident: W. B. Peel, vice president: Edward
Ewell. recording secretary: Samuel Snow,
financial secretary, and J. H. Harter,
treasurer. A resolution requesting the
Supervisors to set aside a strip of land
for the extension of a public street be
tween Ocean and Sunnyside avenues was
adopted.
Improvement Club's Officers.
OAKLAND. Oct. 25.— Mrs. Amelia Wil
liams has recited in a divorce complaint
against her husband. Captain Henry Wil
liams of Alameda. charges of cruelty
ranging: from an attempt to drown her in
a bath tub to dragging her about the
house by her hair.
Mrs. Williams, who is very much young
er than 'her spouse, wedded Captain Wil
liams at San Diego In 1S96". They wore
happy until the fall of 18&7. when at Coro
nado. nhe says, her husband pulled out
her hair and beat her into Insensibility
Shortly after they moved to, Oakland iri
1899. Mrs. Williams Bays her husband va
ried the manner of his attacks by maktntr
her a target for a kitchen clock, and fall
ing in his aim with that missile hurled a
lighted lamp at her head. She fled from
the house.
Again, she alleges, he dislocated her fin
gers by the torture of bending them back
ward. Another time, she charges Wil
liams struck her on the wrists with a
hammer and then turned her out of the
house in her nightdress.
Continued acts of such cruelty, she says
impelled her at last to cause hla arrest'
Captain Williams was convicted and sen
tenced to a Btx months* term in the Coun
ty Jail. He appealed and secured free
dom on a bond after serving a few days'
time.
Mrs. Joseph Kliepel has petitioned for $25
a month alimony from her husband pend
ing trial of her suit for divorce. He re
cently tried to commit suicide at Blair
Gertrude Markel has sued David F
Market for a divorce, alleging desertion. '
plaint of Mrs. Amelia Wil
liams.
WAS A VICTIM OF
MUCH BRUTAXIT—
Story of Cruelty in the Divorce Com-
The Channing Auxiliary of the First
Unitarian Church will give an entertain
ment this evening In the church parlors
at 8 o'clock, the features of which will be
the representation of phases of Chinese
life, with tableaux vivants and selections
from the Chinese classics. These, will tc
under the direction of Dr. Kin Eca Da
SilvH, assisted by Chinese children In Ori
ental costumes. Tea will be served In Ori
ental stylo by Chinese maidens. Admis
sion will be 50 and 25 cents.
Channing Entertainment.
Decrees of divorce were also graniei
yp£terday to Henry Cleary from Annie
<"l^ary. for desertion: Annie Volght frora
Frederick H. Voijrht. for willful neglect;
Frederick L. Taylor from Alice M. Tay
1t. for willful desertion: Margaret H.
Montell from Alfred M. Montcll, for dc-
F'-rtion. and Bessie La Pier from Fayette
Is. \jsl Pier, for willful neglect.
Puits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Ella I. Crowell against Charles E. Crow
ril. for desertion; Zella Archer against
Thomas F. Archer, for desertion; Annie
L. Donnelly against Edward J. Donnelly,
for failure to provide; Annie Flynn
iigalnet Joseph J. Flynn. for failure to
provide, and Catherine Parenti against
Dominico Parenti, for cruelty.
Anita C. Avcry was granted a divorce
yesterday from Russell Avery on the
pro'und of extreme cruelty. The decree
vaF granted by Judge Belcher. In r.is
findings Judge Belcher fays that it was
j roved against the defendant that he had
engaged during the last few montns in
v«ricu* wild debauches. Not long ago, the
court finds. Ayery was bequeathed flO.0%
in his mother's: will. As soon as he re
c*-5ved this xnon^y, or the balance of the
bequest which he had not hypothorateJ
prior to distribution, he proceeded to
pperd the fame in a six days' "time" in a
downtown resort. In addition to his spend
thrift habits the court finds that he mi=
tr^ated his wife. She was hence granted
a decree.
Other Unhappy Couples Se
cure Their Freedom.
RUSSELL AVERY SPENDS
WEALTH ON DEBAUCH
His Wife Gets Decree of Divorce.
A. H. Burke, who gave his address as
213V& Mason street, was arrested yester
day morning and locked up In the tanks.
He had been visiting Montgomery-street
business houses on the strength of a
badge purporting to have been Issued by
the telephone company and vesting him
with the right to trace wires. The badpre
Is bogus. ¦ When taken before Captain
Seymour Burke was defiant in his man
ner. He acted so queerly that he may be
charged with insanity. An investigation
is being made to see if he has stolen any
thing by the use of the badge.
Had a Suspicious Badge.
ing In Native Sons' Hall. All the> booths
have not yet been completed, but by to
night everything win be in ship shape.
Among the booths that are beautifully ar
ranged are St. Cecelia and the California,
The former Is presided over by Mrs. C. H.
McCourtney. Mrs. J. Owens and Mrs. J.
Casey, and the latter is under the super
vision of Mrs. P. Ward, Mra. Williams.
Miss Nippert. Mrs. Panzint and Mrs.
O'Donnell.
Among the raffles for valuable prizes
that will take place at the fair is one for
a lot In the Richmond district that is
valued at 1500. and another for a valuable
mare of Electioneer stock. A diamond
ring will be awarded the most popular
young lady In the fair, the question of
popularity to be determined by vote. A
feature of the bazaar will be a brines*
men's lunch, that will be Inaugurated on
and after Saturday. The Rev. Father
Coyle has engaged a noted chef for the
occasion, and the most appetizing lunch
in town will be served from 11:30 to 2 each
day. Some of the prettiest glrla in the
city have kindly volunteered their services
as waitresses. The lunch will cost only
25 cents and will be served in the lower
hall of the building. The fair will remain,
open until November 2.
Star of the Sea Bazaar Opens in Na
tive Sons' Hall for Two
Weeks.
The members of The Star of the Sea
Church opened a grand bazaar last even-
RICHMOND LOT WILL
ONLY COST A DOLLAR
lectures for the Benefit of the Wom
•an's Educational and Indus
. trial Union.
The entertainment last night for the
benefit of the Woman's Educational and
Industrial Union of San Francisco at the
Young Men's Christian Association Hall
netted a snug sum for the society. The
feature of the evening's programme was a
lecture by Chinese Consul Ho Yow. He
spoke on the subject of "The Education
and Industry of China," and the audience
was greatly entertained with his descrip
tion of the manner of living and the
methods of education pursued by the peo
ple of his nation.
"The education of the average Chinese,"
said the Consul, "commences at the age
of five years. He Is taught the proverbs
and sayings of Confucius principally, and
a small knowledge of the Chinese lan
guage. It would require such a length of
time to acquire a thorough knowledge of
the Chinese literature that but few out
side of the wealthiest class are able to
pursue the course to completion, and
after a few years' schooling they gener
ally branch out as tradesmen or mer
chants."
In speaking of the Industries of his
country the speaker mentioned as the
principal ones fishing, wood and stone
carving and the weaving of costly fabrics.
In these pursuits his countrymen | were
greatly handicapped by the absence of
machinery, he said, all the specimens of
this work seen in this country and else
where having been turned out entirely by
hand.
The lecture of the Consul ended with
the wish on his part that the commercial
interests of this country be kept in touch
with those of his own.
Following the speech of Ho Tow a pleas
ant proRTamme was rendered. Miss Jean
nette Wollner and Miss Florence Lipscher
performed on the violin and piano and
received several encores. Miss Eleanor
Haber in a clever manner told the misfor
tunes attending her first public appear
ance, and in answer to the applause that
greeted her efforts recited several short
humorous selection?. A song by James B.
Dougherty, accompanied by Mrs. Dr.
Kemp Van Ee. was greatly appreciated
by the audience.
CHINESE CONSUL SPEAKS
OF THE PEOPLE OF CHINA
Samuel D. Smith.
PACIFIC GROVE. Oct. 25.-Samuel D.
Smith, a pioneer of this State and former
ly'a prominent business man of Sacra
mento, died at his home In this city yes
terday, the cause of death being exhaus
tion produced by age and mental collapse.
Deceased was born In Uniondale. Pa.
eighty-four years. ago and came to Cali
fornia In the early days of Its statehood
He. with his daughters, has been a resi
dent of Pacific Grove for the past three
years. ________ .
Joseph Mandelot.
' chippbwa falls; wis.; Oct. 25.—Jo
seph Mandelot. ¦ president of- the French
Lumber Company, died to-day. He leaves
aa estate worth 1500,000. »
THE DAY'S DEAD.
LONDON. Oct. 25.— Sims Reeves, the
great tenor, who had been confined to his
bed since Monday with bronchitis, died
to-day wjjlle asleep.
John Sims Reeves was born at Shooter's
Hill, Kent. October 21. 1S22. and was first
instructed by his father. At an early age
he held the appointment of organist and
director of the choir at the church of
North Cray, and after taking lessons on
the pianoforte from J. B. Cramer he waa
placed under the care of T. Cooke, Hobbs,
and other distinguished professors of sing
ing. In December, 1S39, he made his first
appearance on the stage at Newcastle, at
which time he was singing barytone
parts: he next visited the principal pro
vincial (owns, and went to Paris to study
his profession.
Not long afterward he made his flrst
appearance in Italian opera at L«a Scala,
Milan, in the tenor part of Edgardo In
"Lucia di Lammermoor." and came out tn
the same character at Drury Lane Thea
ter, December 6, 1S17, then under the man
agement of tlw late M. Jullien.* His tirst
original character was in Balfe's opera of
the "Maid of Honor." and he appeared at
Her Majesty's Theater as Carlo in "Linda
di Chamuunl" in 1S4K, and was engaged at
the Itoyal Italian Opera, at Covent Gar
den, In 1343. Since that time Mr. Reeves
has appeared at all the great perform
ances of oratorios at Exeter Hall, the pro
vincial festival and at the Crystal Palace.
One of his best original parts was In
Macfarren's opera of "Robin Hood," pro
duced at the performances of English
opera at her Majesty's Theater, in 1860.
Mr. Sims Reeves made strenuous efforts
to reduce the present high pitch to that
of the normal diapason. He recently
completed his "Jubilee" and a book set
ting forth some interesting events In his
long and successful career. He made his
farewell of the public at the Albert Hall,
on May 11, 1S91. when Madame Christine
Nilsson went over expressly to assist on
this memorable occasion. Mr. Sims
Reeves married Miss Emma Lucombe, a
soprano singer. His son. Herbert, 13 a
tenor who evidently has been well taught
by hla father. .. : .,
Cleveland to Remain Silent.
PRINCETON*. N. J..'Oct. 2S.-In conver
sation with a representative of the Asso
ciated Press to-day ex-President Cleve
land said: "I am surprised that my opin
ions and Intentions as related to the pend
ing canvass should at this stage so sud
denly bo deemed important. I am dally
and nightly sought out by newspaper rep
resentatives and plied with all sorts of
questions, some of which aeem quite
senseless. If in good nature I say a few
harmless words they are bo padded before
publication as to be unrecognizable, or
are made the pretext for utterly unau
thorized presumptions. It seems to me
that my situation ought to be sufficiently
understood and appreciated by thoughtful
friends to Justify In their minds my deter
mination to remain silent during this ex»
ceptional and distressing campaign."
Confined to His Bed With Bronchitis,
the Aged Musician Passed
Away While Asleep. '
JOHN SIMS BEEVES,
THE GREAT TENOR, DEAD
CALITOItNIA SKETCH CLTJB
SHOWS MANY SPECIMENS
Exhibition of the Work of the Mem
• bers During the Last Year
Being Held.
The reception by the members of the
California Sketch Club in the cozy club
house at 130S California street last night
was a pleasing affair. Many new and
clever specimens were on exhibition. The
number was not so large as formerly on
account of the absence abroad of many
of the club's most energetic workers.
The works deserving of special mention
are the portraits In oil by Mrs. Olga Ack
erman and those of Miss Carrie Rixford,
also in oil. Miss Anna Briggs has on ex
hibition some cleverly done water colors.
Mrs. Albertine Randall Wheelan displays
great talent In her book plnte designs.
The sketches in black and white are by
Mrs. Goodloe and others. Miss Nelly Treat
and Miss L* Adams furnish landscapes in
oil and specimens of artistic photography.
McCutchen claimed that the city ex
ports had been informed of the report,
but had failed to ask for it. He also con
tendod that the report was not a record of
the water company.
Judge Hart denied the motion, but said
it would be good if proof were made that
Boardman had taken facts to which he
had testified from the books of the com
pany.
• Then the weary grind of question and
answer was resumed. The smallest de
tail of construction cost was probed for.
By 4 o'clock Boardman showed percepti
ble signs of mental fatigue, and In order
not to weary him too much an adjourn
ment waa taken until 9 o'clock to-morrow
morning. The attorneys have at least
two weeks if not much longer ahead of
them for digging into the construction ac
counts of the company. Besides all of the
technical work from the engineers, there
Is a mass of data, of more or less value
which has been collected by the city's ex
pert accountants. It is understood, how
ever, that the destruction of the books of
the company, has been a Berious bar to
the Investigation the city has tried to
make concerning the real, value of the
Pl One of the big fights of the trial will
come when the Contra Costa Company
attempts to record evidence about the cost
of the absorbed DIngee Company. The
city'e claim is that it cannot be considered
as a part of the operating plant neces
garv to the supplying of Oakland with
water.
Judge Hart said the city was entitled to
learn how Boardman reached his conclu
sions.
The water company's counsel was anx
ious to prevent Hayne from pursuing his
minute inquiry, but the attorney was al
lowed to proceed, after Boardman had
been temporarily withdrawn to rest.
Hayne etarted to introduce the annual
statements of the Contra Costa Water
Company to the city, but held that fea
ture up for a time.
Hayne moved to strike, out all of Board-"
man's testimony, based upon his report of
1&S6, upon the ground that the report was
not tihown to the city experts. He con
tended that this record was included
within the order of Judge Hart, which di
rected the water company to show Us
books.
The effort of the city's representative to
get at itemized details considerably con
fused Boardman. who at last declared,
after many admissions, that he" could not
answer Hayne's questions and that he
could not give items of cost in many par
ticulars.
MeCutehen argued that the city should
only demand general estimates.
On the city's side there have been In
court to date ML K. Miller. G. F. Allardt
and D. C. Henny, engineers. Several oth
ers are Jn reserve, bein£ held to await the
showing which the company may make.
The Boardman details so far show that
the company had spent $1,105,000 on the
Lake Chabot and Temescal reservoirs
prior to 18S6.
The water company has lined- up Klcr
eted of Kansas City, Schuyler and Adams
from Ixjs Angeles and Louis Le Conic,
besides Boardman and F. M. Hewson, all
engineers. Hewson was in charge of the
company's construction department for
several years.
All day the water company's attorneys,
coached by their expert engineers, plied
W. F. Boardman. the aged surveyor who
constructed Lake Chabot dam, with ques
tions, and when they had exhausted him
the venerable engineer was turned over to
Mr. Hayne. who started a vigorous cross
examination. Naturally enough, the old
engineer, now past 76 years, could remem
ber little— hardly anything— of the mass
of items that went to the construction ac
count of the big dam. Hayne objected to
the use of these records, claiming that
they are not original data, but Judge Hart
allowed them to be utilized, so the clty'3
counsel directed that every time the rec
ords were referred to by Boardman note
should be mad? in the stenographic report
of the testimony.
With not less than a dozen civil engi
neers, ranged about equally on each side
of the water rates suit, the trial has be
come a dull, uninteresting record of
minute details of construction, of esti
mates of cost, of most technical Items per
taining to the building of the two great
distributing lakos of the Contra Costa
system.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Oct. 23.
Experts Galore to Combat
Over the Cost of the
Water Plant.
ENGINEERS IN
BATTLE ARRAY
The Jail, so called. Is a flimsy structure
and Is only used to accommodate petty
offenders. Anderson had been arrested
for causing a disturbance in a Haywards
restaurant and given a fifteen days' sen
tence. The prisoner was to-night trans
ferred to the County Jail in Oakland.
The Haywards jail was not badly dam
aged.
The firemen had to smash open the cell
door to reach the blaze which was started
by Anderson In the pile he had made of
the cell furniture heaped against the door.
The firemen found tho prisoner lying on
the floor waiting for the smoke and flames
that filled the cell to end his life. His
rescue from a wretched death seemed
marvelous. The fact that the fire was
so quickly discovered from the outside
was all that prevented Anderson's incin
eration. After he was dragged out half
conscious and already suffering " from
smoke suffocation, Anderson was revived
He had nothing to say in excuse for his
strange actions, and the town police could
not account for the peculiar attempt at
suicide.
> Charles Anderson, a prisoner in the
Town Jail at Haywards. tried to cremate
himself In his cell at noon to-day. His
effort at self-destruction would have been
successful but for the smoke from tho
pyre that was seen by passing pedes
trians. An alarm summoned the volun
teer fire department to the burning cala
boose, and the structure with Its desper
ate inmate was saved by qlilck work.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadw-ay, Oct. 25.
Charles Anderson Attempts
to Commit Suicide by
Cremation.
SEEKS GRIM DEATH
IN A PRISON CELL
OAKLAND, Oct. 23.— The prefer
ment cf the Rev. John Coyle to
the position of presiding elder of
the Oakland district for the
Methodist Episcopal church was
a pleasant surprise to his friends. The
reverend gentleman has labored in the
church for over twenty-five years. He
originally studied to become a physician,
but at the close of his studies he decided
to enter the church. His first pastorate
was in Newark. N. J. He resigned tho
position to come to the coast over twenty
years ago, and since then he has lived
continuously in California. Dr. Coyle suc
ceeds the late Dr. Robert Bentley.
n LAMEDA, Oct. 25.— Hon. Victor
w\ H. Metcalf, the Republican nom
jLJk inoe fur Congress In the Third
District, made his first appear
ance in Alameda to-night since
he received the Republican nomination.
There was a tremendous ovation to the
Congressman at the West End. and the
Wlgman was Jammed to the doors to lis
ten to Mr. Metcalf, who has just returned
from the Interior of his district and will
close his campaign by stumping his own
county. Alameda was always a strong
supporter of the Congressman, and the
West End showed its loyalty and enthu
siasm to-night in no measured way.
Philip Klernan. vice president of the
Alameda Republican Club, was chairman
of the meeting. Seated* on the stage were
Assemblyman Joseph R. Knowland, who
made a few well chosen remarks: Judge
A. B. Hunt. Colonel George C. Babcock
and Ralph Hamlln.
Congressman Metcalf dealt with the is
sues of the campaign in a clear, forcible
manner, his logical exposure of Demo
cratic fallacies carrying conviction to hi?
auditors. He said:
I am glad to be again with my Alameda
friends. I have just returned from the north
ern section of the district, which Is regarded
as the stronghold of the enemy. I now feel
that I am In the household of my friends.
While In Colusa County I met a man who had
voted for Cleveland and who tried to sell his
ranch for $600 during Grovcr's second term.
He could not get that price for It. Later he
voted for McKinley and disposed of the ranch
for J1000. That man says he is now coins to
vote for Bryan and if Bryan Is elected he ex
pects to buy the ranch back for $250.
All along the line everything points to the
The disaster* predicted four years ago If
Bryan was not elected have not happened. On
the contrary all Is prosperity and general sat
isfaction. The Republican party does not hold
that the constitution follows the flag. Th«
flat? floats to-day In China. Neither does the
Reoublican party hold that because the flat;
floats over a people they are entitled to tha
rizhts of citizenship. The Democrats have
never -lived up to the Declaration of Inde
pendence. To-day they grow hysterical about
the Porto Rirans and the treatment accorded
them, yet there are thousands of negroes to
dar In the South who are denied the right or
sufTraee. and solely for the reason that th<*
Democrats want to 'hold the power they hav*
there.
election of McKlnley and Roosevelt. The only
danger to the chances of the Republican party
is overconfldence. I s;« to you not to be over
confident. The enemy 19 straining every nerve
to reach the coveted icoal. Every Republican
should vote, and see that his Republican neigh
bor does the same, and I feel that California
will roll up a majority of 20.0no or 30,000 for
McXIr.ley and Roosevelt.
Laboring men phouH be proud of the *tand
the Republican party has taken In their be
half. It has dignified labor and made it possi
ble for every man. woman and child who de
sires employment to obtain It. It has thrown
safeguards around American labor for forty
years. No country can be prosperous unleM
the laboring classes be prosperous. Protection
and the restrictive immigration policy of Re
publicanism have rlaced American labor In Its
prosperous state to-day. I have always be
lieved in a protective tariff coupled with re
strictive Immigration legislation. I do not be
lieve in protecting American manufactures aq-1
then allowing hordes of paupers and cheap
laborers to come In and reap the fruits of it. I
do not oppose the eomlnjr to our country of the
honest and Intelligent of other lands who are
attracted here by the spirit of liberty which
animated our forefathers to come to the?e
shores.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals handed down an opinion yesterday
through Judge Hawley reversing the judg
ment of United States District Judge de
Haven in the matter of James Hindman,
bankrupt. Hindman Is a house and sign
painter, paper hanger and kalsomlner. He
claimed his horse and wagon to be ex
empt from execution, alleging that he
u?ed them In transporting his tools,
paints, ladders, etc.. to and from his work,
and that If he had to pay for the deliv
ery of his tools and material he would
not make any profit. The referee decided
that the horse and wagon were not ex
empt, and Judge de Haven confirmed the
report.
In reversing Judge de Haven the* Court
of Appeals says:
"It is not necessary in order to secure*
exemption of the property that the use of
the team should be the petitioner's only
means of earning a living for himself and
family. It is enough for him to show that
he uses the team as a laborer In a line
of business similar in its character to the
specific occupations named in the statute,
and that such use is necessary In order to
enable him to earn his living."
Judge de Haven Is Reversed by
United States Circuit Court
of Appeals.
HORSE AND WAGON OF
A PAINTER, EXEMPT
NEW YORK. Oct. 25.— Tom Sharkey to
day made a public answer tn Tom
O'Rourke's challenge In behalf of Joe
Walcott. Sharkey declines to meet Wal
cott. v
Declines to Meet WalcotL
BROCKTON. Mass.. Oct. 25.— The world's
bicycle record for distance In the even,
hour behind a pace was placed at 40 miles
330 yards by Will C. Stlnson of ram
bridge on the Shoe City oval this after
noon In a ride sanctioned by the National
Cyclers Association.
New Bicycle Record.
ALAMEPA. Oct. S^- News of the sud
den death in Randsburg yesterday of Har
ry J. Ryder of this city wns received hers
to-day. Deceased was well known in Ala
meda social and athletic circles, havinsr
been one of the prominent gymnasts of
the now defunct Encinal Club. Ryder was
about 23 years of age. - He left here for
Randsburg two months ago. The body
will be brought to this city for Interment.
Alameda Athlete Dies.
Jack Martin, a youngster with an in
crowing smile, and a sleepy youth named
Mike Hart were next in the nng. Hart
wcke> up as the gong sounded and uns!ung
a left that resembled the movement of a
windmill in a gale. Hart was having a
little the better of the bout, when Martin
landed a swing on his optic, drawing
blood. Hart was unable to. continue, as
the flow of blood blinded him. The spec
tators hissed him for quitting, but when
they learned that hla other "lamp" wa*
useless to him they seemed satisfied. E<1
Devlin and Tommy Warren covered them
selves with gore and presented a horrible
appearance. Warren had a good left, but
Devlin had a better riarht. Warren had
a prominent nose and Devlin tapped It at
every opportunity and the blood flowed
¦ unrestrained. GregKains stopped the right
i in the third and srave th*» medal to Dev
'¦ lin. The crowd hissed the decision, but
when Grrggalns stated th.it Devlin had
the best of th* thre«» rounds and Warren
! was helpless the wisdom of his move sat
1 isfled the most hardened ring-goer.
The event of the evening lasted but
three rounds. Oscar Wilson, a blonds
youth, and Jack Kenna. a young man
with a bicycle ba<-k. were the contest
ant?. Kenna landed on Wilson at any
and all times", but Wilson •>va. < ' back for
I more. In the second Oscar landed a nice
1 overhand swing on Kenna'* proboscis an<l
I the sight of gore nerved him to greater
. efforts. In the third Wilson accidentally
I scored a heavy right on Henna's jaw and
! the lattpr dropped to the canvas a beaten
! man. Wilson was a<« surprised as every
i one of the 13M spectators who filled the
• gymnasium.
Joe Welch, who resembled a mosquito,
had a bad sting. He «u all over Boa
Kirby and finisned him with a left hock
in his digestive department. "Kid" Krelt
was too heavy for Jack Kelly and hi3
weight and strength totd in the third
round when he knocked Kelly down. Th
latter wanted to go on. but the referee
refused ta permit a continuation ot th«s
right.
Abe Atfll polished off Lew White be
fore the first round was half over. Wlttta
was willing to continue after being
knocked down, but Greggalns aaw he had
no chance to win and stopped hostilities.
Jack Cordell made Jack Doyle look like
a "selling plater" before thtlr bout was
over ind the latter's seconds threw up
a dirty towel in token of defeat.
The bout that lasted the four rounds
was the fastest and perhaps the hardest
fought of the evening. It waa between
"Billy" Snallham. a diminutive youth who
has adopted Terry McOovern's tactics,
and Jack Nolan, a heavily muscled lad.
Snailham had Nolan dizzy In every round.
Early in the bou; he closed one of Nolan 1 *
"lamps," but was unable to finish him.
Eight boxing bouts were presented last
night by the San Francisco Athletic Clua
to its patrons and of this number but one
went the limit. Knockouts were numer
ous and the "goes" that did not last thss
prescribed number of rounds were
stopped by the referee at the earnest so
licitation of the spectators.
Eight Hot Fights Presented, and Bat
One Goes the Limit—Bat
tles That Were
Gory.
Fast Fighting the Rule at
San Francisco Ath
letic Club.
AMATEUR BOUTS
AND KNOCKOUTS
The patient was resting easily this
evening; but the attending physician de
clares her condition to be critical.
The attack cccurred at noon In front of
W: V. Welle's pickle works at Third and
Lewis streets. "Welle owned the dog,
which was known in the neighborhood as
mean tempered, vicious and extremely
dangerous. The child is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. J. Tierra, residing at 717
Lewis street, bhe was passing along
Lewis street on her way home when the
dog suddenly Jumped out of a doorway.
The brute grabbed the girl, after snapping
at her, and caught her by the legs. He
made savage bites, and while the child
was screaming and trying to escape the
dog kept up his attacks, tearing and
mangling the girl from head to feet.
Exhausted from shock, pain and loss of
blood the little victim fell to the side
walk, and lay there Insensible while her
rescuers arrived armed with sticks and
clubs which they had to use with effect
before the dog was dragged away.
The girl was at last freed and then was
hurriedly removed to her home. Dr. W.
W. Kergan was at once summoned. He
pronounced the injuries as extremely
dangerous. In one of the most serious
lacerations the surgeon was compelled to
take twenty-seven stitches to close the
ugly wounds.
The girl'3 body and arms were also bad
ly Injured, but not so severely as her
legs. The surgeons will have to resort to
skin grafting in treating some of the cuts
and tears in the tender flesh.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, Oct. 25.
Mary Tierra. 9 years old, waa attacked
by a savage bulldog this morning and
frightfully mangled by the vicious brute
before she was rescued. The angered dog
was hammered insensible before the men
who went lo the helpless child's relief
could drag him from the unconscious
girl's torn and lacerated body.
Animal Is Beaten Into Insensibility
Before Rescuers Could Drag His
Young Victim Out of
Harm's Way.
Savage Brute Attacks the
Child and Nearly Kills
Her.
VICIOUS BULLDOG
MINGLES GIRL
!f aa in this case the facts allered are rele
vant to the Issue there can be no contempt.
Ti:e order under review is void and Js hereby
fet aeide.
Foliowlrjr this decision coiwa the amend
ment to the law making the bia« and prejudice
of the Jufljce a ground of objection to his
competency to try a case and it follows that
the party objertir.* must be allowed to file
kirn affidavit* in support cr hla motion with
out incurring the penalties of the contempt
un!e*s h» purposely, includes matters wholly
irrelevant ajid Immaterial which are justly of
tenrive to the Judge who must pass upon the
motion.
In es pane David Jone*, 103 California. 3?7.
the prisoner had been committed for a. con
tempt of court in moving:, before the amend
ment of 1S5T. for a change of the piace of
trtaJ upon the irround of prejudice and bias
of the trial Judpe. and read an affidavit in
mpport of his motion. In that case we sai.l
"if the affidavit had been material and rek
vsrt *r.d pertinent to any lEsue before the
court a different question might be. presented.
If bias, prejudice or partiality en the part
Ot a Judge was a ground for change 01 venue
a party seekine such rhanpe upon such ground
w>uld h*vc the rifht to state in an Affidavit
the facts upon which he based his 'charge's
Tfete t>elng then the Bole question to be de
cided we are constrained to say that our view
of the case differs from that of me Superior
Octal. The fart that the petitioner as at
torney fer the same corporation in another ca.'«
filed a brief in this court which one of the
Judjre* regarded as a reflection upon himself
end that he had since refuse*! to Fjx»ak Id
petitioner, tho-jfrh by no mwj conclusive on
the question of bias, was in our opinion rele
vant and deserving of consideration in con-
MefJOB with i>ther facts. And it contained
r-thmir reflectinit upon the Judse iri any man
ner other thar. 15 reflected by the m»rc allega
tion of prejudice and bla5. That such an ob
jection to the trial of a cause by a particular
jud#re ',r in some sense a reflection upon him
Is undeniable, but if a party < Jiooses to avail
;.:...-'¦:' of his statutory rijrhts these oonw
<;uence« cannot l*e avoided, and so lone as
the affidavits in fjpport of the motion con
tt'red ncthinr clearly irrelevant and Imma
terial they cannot b* made th« basis of a pro
t*^ding for contempt merely tx^ause they re
fler-t u{>on the *a!me»s of the Judee.
According to th»> plain turns of the order
ma'Je by th<» Bitting in bank, the pe
titioner was movfteted of a contempt of court
because and •>niy because he incorporated in
th«? affidavit of Ho»-fl!s the Elatemenis con
cerning the brief f.'.ed by him in support of
the etpral in uatber rase to which in* San
Diego Water Company was a party. And the
r*tertnce ta that brief wa« held to be a cou
trrr.pt upon th« rmund thtit it vu irrelevant
eji" 4rrmater:al to any lasae in the ca»<?. The
QueMtc-n to b* decided therefore in pttftni
upon the validity of the order Is whether the
matter objected to was irrelevant and !ra-
Thc^e statements developed the fact
that the water company objected to the
City Council Bring water rate*, because
the rates were below what the company
thought was right and just. Action was
brought fcv the wateT company for the.
purpose of testing the right of the City
Council In the premises, and it eventually
roachfd th» Supreme Court on appeal.
Judge Torranoe took umbrage at a brief
filed by Judge Works In behalf of the ap
pellant corporation, and It was ordered
Ftriektn from the files by the «'hief Jus
tice. Since that episode Judge Works and
Judge Torranre have not been friendly.
In the affidavit of HoweUfl made in sup
port of an application for a change of
venue were statements which in the minds
Of Judges 1orra«K-e and Eingbea reflected
on them, and they cited Judge Works for
contempt of court and fined him. Judge
Works took an appeal to the Supreme
Court.
In his opinion Chief Justice Beatty In
part said:
It appears that Judge Works, as attor
ney for the San Diego Water Company
in an action pending In the Superior Court
cf £an Diepo County, presented a motion
that a Judge from pomp «th"r county be
caiied Jn to try the cause. He based his
motion partly on what he claimed to be a
U-gal disqualification of the S;m Diepo
Judpes end partly upon the ground that
his clients could not have a fair trial be
fore Judges Torrance and Hughes by rea
son or their prejudice and Mas. In sup
port of his motion Judge Works read an
affidavit which had beer, verified by J. M.
Howell. an officer of the water company,
end which contained several statements
of fact, made positively and not on in
lormatSon and belief.
The order made by Judges K. S. Tor
ranre and J. \V. Hughes of the Supe
rior Court of tjnn Diego County commit
ting ex-Justler of the Supreme Court John
"W. Works for ennumpt and fining him
C50 for his offense was declared void and
set aside by the Suswme Court in a de
cision handed down yesterday.
Peep Interest hap been taken in this
matter by the bar of the State, and the
flfolFion of the court will prove interesting
to the entire legal profession.
Order Made by Judges Torranc* and
Hughes Set Aside — An Inter
esting Law Point
Decided.
Supreme Court Holds That
San Diego Jurist Acted
Properly.
JUDGE WORKS
NOT IN CONTEMPT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1900.
METCALF SPEAKS TO HIS FRIENDS
IN THE WEST END OF OAKLAND
Tremendous Ovation to the Congressman in
the Wigwam, Which Was Crowded.
Has Been Prominently Identified With the
Ministry for Past Quarter of a Century.
REY. JOHN COYLE'S PREFERMENT
MEETS WITH GENERAL APPROYAL
11THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.I-, FRIDAY,. OCTOBER 26, 1900
12
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
nTJSTNTOSS OFFICE of The San . Franclso©
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
ur.til 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— «7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
COO Hayes Ftreet; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
CIS M-All'.ster rtreet; open until »;» p. m.
CZ5 Larkls street; cpen until 9:S0 p. m.
1341 MisFlon Ftrert; open until 10 p. m.
SICl Market street, oorcer Sixteenth; opea
BS-fl s j\ m.
JCC Eleventh street; open until 8 p. m.
IC9C Valencia rtreet: cpen until S p. m.
tCorthweet corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tuclcy rtr*ets; open until 8 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Ccmiaandery No. 1. K. _c
T.. R Poet St.— Regular assembly THI3 •___••
EVENING. 7:30 o"clwck. All fmers 3T_i
courteously invited. By order of the **
Commander. ™
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
A REGULAR meeting of Yerba. Buena
Lcxlf.'*? of Perfection No. 1. A. and A.,
Scottifh rite of Freemasonry, will be /&
tiC\£ In Chapter Hall. Masonic Temple. jKV
<;n FRIDAY KVESTKQ. October 26. C£_>
i.-<00. at h o'clock. Degree tth.
ttENB-T BURNER. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA lyxlfre No. 1. F. and A. m
M-. will meet THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN-_iV.
INO. Oct. : -r :t". et 7:30 o'clock. Third TTJC
degree. By order of the Master. /xfT »
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
COUNCIL of Sorrow— To th» Sisters «g(_fj__.
ar.d Brothers of the Improved O. 3-jP5_*^
R. M.: Pleas* take notice that Vfr9kM
memorial services will be held at Red Men's
building. S20 Post et. SUNDAY AFTER-
NOON. October 28, at 2 o"clock. All mem-
bers of the order, sleters of the Degree of
Pocahontas and friends of the brotherhood
are cordially invited to attend.
J. N. HUTAFF. President
PORTER L. BLISS. Secretary.
F.IUTISH Benevolent Society— Grand concert
by Mr Henry Holmes Sherman A Clay Hall.
October J9. 8 p. m. Tickets IL st Marsh's
214 Poet st— or at office, £06 Baft«r>~- All
seats reserved.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived _5'r*.!catlons to mine by the hydraulic
process from the Cataract and Wide West
Gravel Mining Co.. In the Wide West Gravel
Mine, near Eno. Calaveras Co.. to deposit
tailing* In, North Outlet and Prospect GuJch;
from H. S'eigt.ter and Thomas Harper, In the
Ptn Francisco Mine, near Todd. Placer Co..
to dfjioslt taillnpf in Dardanelles Canyon;
from Charles S. Deieen. in the Riffle Point
Mine, ai Grass Flat. Sierra Co.. to deposit
tailings in Grass Flat Ravine; from George
r.tzperalfJ Jr. the Lone Star Mine, near Crom-
bcrg. Plume* Co.. to deposit tailings in Jack-
eon Creek; from Q. A. cr.d F. W. Brucker-
rr.an In the Renaissance Mine, near Howland
Flat, Sierra Co.. to deceit toiling-a 'in a
worked -out p'.t: from J. R. Bell and A. B.
Jacks, in the Badger Hill Mine, near Spanish
Ranch, Plumas Co.. to deposit taillnrs In
Whitlock Ravine: from W. T. Sherman and
O F. Cays, In the Last Chance Mine, near
Port Tk"!ne. Sierra Co., to d?poelt tailings la
French Ravine: from C. N. Kingsbury. in the
Conger Gulch Gravel Mice, near Igo. Shasta
Co.. to cepc5lt tailings in Dry Creek; from
John McGrath. In the Independent Mln«. near
St. Louis Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings In
Seart" Ravine, and from J. F. Cowdery. In
the Chandlerville Mine, near St. Louis. Sierra
Co.. to deposit tailings in Sackets Gulch.
Fives notice that a meeting will be held at
room E9 Flood building. Ban Francisco. CaL.
on November H. l?00. at 1:30 p. m.
AGEXTS WASTED.
SHOW j-cur colors; blow your cigar and get
the collars: 10c In stamps gets samples se-
curely mailed "and information. Arents Bup-
p'.y Co.. 11T^ Market St.. S. F.
AGENTS wanted for the Windsor rubber col-
lars and cuffe; liberal commission. Address
H. C. BOWMAN. 1201 Point Lobos ave.. S. F.
tVANTEr>— Solicitors to sell oil stock; belt
proposition In town: rood, steady money in
It Call Mills building, room 41. fifth floor.
TO sell campaign novelty; Roosevelt hat badge;
large profit*. WHITE & WOEBKE. 8 Pine st
INSURANCE solicitors, life. fire, marine.
wanted fcr side line. Address box 41*0. Call,
ASrKALTlM HOOFING.
J. PELTIKR, asphalt roofing, sidewalks: cellar
floors laid, repaired: postal. 1J'6 Mission et.
ASTROLOGY.
DR. C. T. TAYLOR, scientific astrologer: call
for free copy **The New Moon." 7C5 Market.
KME. HICKEY— Astrolcirtst; horoscopes. 60c;
card reading ar.d palmistry, 25c. 1933 Mission.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, attorney at law. 927 Market St..
room CT7 — Estates. damages. attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all cases; fair fees;
r.o advance charges ; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
r.o fee — 'ithout success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. E50 Market, cor. Stockton.
I. EDW. JARRETT. Hearet bldg.. Third and
Market ets.: phone Red E2C2.
FREE advice; clvorc« laws, damages, estates,
collection*. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. Davidson. 917 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels b'.dg.. 927 Mar-
ket «.: <v.n5u1tation free: no fee* in advance
1UATII' CABIXETS.
¦ROBINSON. Niagara, Perfection and others.
W. S. BROWN CO.. agency. 42€ Ellis st. S.F.
BICYCLES For Salt or Exchange.
ALLEN sells 1S00 Columbia chainless $60: chain
$40; ordinary bicycles cheaper. SOI Larkin
rt. and 1SCC to 1S70 Pace ct.
DOARDUG VOn. CIIILDRBX.
I.APY would like 2 or 3 children to board;
mother's care; price reasonable. 430 Fulton.
JjOARD for little pirl; bert of care: reasonable.
4 Church lane, near Church and 16th Fts.
BISIXESS ACHAXCE9.
A— SALOON' opp. HaJI of Justice; 3 years'
lease: low rent: splendid bargain; investigate
and buy at once; rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKB. :Ctt Market rt.
A-J»:O; RESTAURANT on Market St.; rent
$S>; a pood-paylng: place; sickness of wife
compel* owner to sell. See R. G.
-'.-_ Keaj-ny et.
PARTNER wanted, restaurant In Vallejo; fine
business. 40 steady boarders; good transient;
terms. J350 cash, easy installments of $200;
inveftigatlon eollcited; or owner will sell the
whole: a PD'»ndid chance. Call K. G.
WILKE. 26H Keamy st.
A-KM; CORNER ealoon in wholesale district;
rent SCO; er>od paying business.
A flf.30 caiocn in wholesale and manufactur-
ing district; doirs an Al paying business;
mercantile lunch; a splendid offer. Call R. G.
WILKE. ?6H Kearny st.
ATTENTION. RESTAURANT MEN!
A — (SSOt; cafe with lonr lease, close to Mar-
ket and Powell ttf. ; surrounded by theaters,
end doir-B a rushing buEiness; customers and
prices first-claes; private dining rooms, with
ladles* entrances; sickness compels owner to
lujve the city. Particulars K, G. WILKE,
2c* Kfearr.y Ft.
A— S900; BTJTCHnn ehop. with horse and cart.
;n best location of Western Addition; place
established for years and doing a flrst-class
business: a splendid chance for any man
Cell P- G. WILKE. SC% Kearcy st.
A— tllDO: SALOON with 10 furnished rooms -
close to Ka!l of Justice; plar« «stabl. many
years and doing a good business; owner en-
gaged otherwise cause of eale: a bargain.
Call R. O. WILTCE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A— S300; DINING room and restaurant with
private lunch rooms in leading private hotel;
close to O'Farrell and Mason; SOsteady board-
»rs; s. rare chance. Call R. O. WILKE. 26U
Keamy st. "
MANY choice business openings; rood values
£2 groceries and bars; price from.. $200 to $2000
1# branch lakTln; price from $J-KI to tlJ^O
23 cigar stores; price from $J25 to J1S00
"7 ealoons; price from J225 to J6WJ
?4 restaurants; price from jigo to SISOO
8 hutcJier fhcue: price from t3B0 to JIDOC
4 country note!*: price from J12D0 to ISC-0
FCHWKINHAItD & CO.. 917 Market et. bet
Ith and 6th; telephone Mint J9U.
$309— A COFFEE and lunch parlor on Mont-
gomery et.; a bargain. McLAUGHLIN 777
Market «t.
I^'A- FRUIT ntcre; I furnished rooms; receipts
fSO j>er day: good horse and wagon; full value
in sight. , MCLAUGHLIN. 777 Market et.
MAIIK STROUSE'S Bay City Market win be
w-.Id at public auction MONDAY, October '8
i:-»00. at 12 o'clock noon, at premises 113S-114S
Market st.
GROCERY and bar for sale; pood location; also
yard; will be sold separately or com-
bined ; good Investment. Apply J. J. CLAUKE,
grocer. Mission St.. near Twenty-second.
fltCO— CIGAR Rtore and billiard hall; clears 1155
per month. W. C FLETCHER. 17T4 Seventh
rt.. West Oakland.
GROCERT and bar in good location; rtoek In
Mpht for full purchsse price. W. L. HAR-
PER, 21! Eramlner bulldinr.
1400— CHICXEX business: 400 chicfeess; tools;
horse; 2 wagons; rent J12 mo. B&slle. S Eddy.
FOR eale— Wood and coal yard, with Improve-
ments; Icng lease. Apply 1113 Folgom sL
ICO MADE per week: profession taught. $25.
Tsrtlculars *31 Larkln -«t.: call In evening.
SHOP suitable for shoemaker; good location;
rent reascnttle. Comer Busb and Scctf at*.
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
A— COUNTRY roadhouse and building; bis bar-
gain. COWING A CO.. 719 Market st.
A— SODA watJr business for one-half its value;
sickness. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— HOTEL for rent furnished; good chanca.
Call COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— LIVERY and boarding stable; park loca-
Uon; good chance. Cowing & Co.. 719 Market
A— PLUMBING shop; fine location; snap for
good man. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st
A— RESTAURANT in best part of city; must
b* sold this day. COWING. 719 Market st.
$10.000— SOUND Investment: one of the best-
paying merchandise businesses in this county;
established for years: safe and profitable In-
vestment; half cash, balance in property. E.
E. BUNCE. 952 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR pale— Paying book and stationery store,
cigars, candy and laundry offlce; opposite
school: nice living rooms; low rent; no agents.
Eox 3871. Call office.
FOR ssJ»— $600: fin<» restaurant on K it; good
patronage; terms reasonable. Address R.,
P. O. box 3S0. Sacramento. Cal. ]
GOOD-PAYING business for sale in a flourish-
ing town. Address C M. W.. £02 Virginia st.
Vallejo. Cal.
FINE large store to let on O'Farrell tt.. near
Powell; suitable for any business; cheap rent
I Apply at 13 Grant ave.
DRUG store: well established: near Phelan
buildinc; cheap to make quick sale. Box »6O4.
Call office — —
A BARGAIN; corner grocery, with bar; cash
business; Mission district; no agents; terms
each; Investigation Invited. Box 4193. Call.
ZS6— < CHAIR shop; $M a week: must be sold:
owner sick. Inquire H. BERNARD. 104 7th.
$450-RESTAURANT: fine morning and even-
ing trade ;t everything In complete running
order; present owner 4 years; investigate. 233
Sixth «t. ;
RESTAURANT and chicken ranch both in
good running order; Incubators and brooders.
Inculrs, 2137 Central st. East Berkeley.
KINE location for sho« store: no crrositlon:
fixtures complete; 4 rooms. Northeast corner
Clemeat st and Third ave.; Sutro cars pass.
$15i0--CORNER saloon; good business; no night
work; good reason for selling; no agents. Ao>
dre>6 box 3S66. Call office*
FINE cash business ; enja.ll capital required;
going East Box 8S65. Call office.
! FOR sale— Good paying laundry buslnees cheap.
j Addrese P. O. beg S53. San Rafael.
! }H)0-BRAN'CH baker}-, candy, cigars, notions.
I stationer)'; near transfer corner, 284 Valencia.
14-ROOM house; newly furnished; always full;
gar, bath. 746 Howard st. *
STATIONERY, notion, cigar and candy store;
laundry office; no agents. Apply 310 Turk st.
CLAFSIF1ED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
LODGKG-HOl'SES FOB SALE.
6 ROOMS; Tailor st: make an offer.
12 rooms: Golden Gate ave.; only $32$
15 rooms; O'Farrell st. ; a bargain; cash.. C"X)
17 rooms; Eddy St.: very good 'JOO
18 rooms; Misslcn St.; to-day only «00
82 rooms; Mason St.; cheap rent 1750
Cash or easv Davments: snaps for buyers.
HAYES & WILSON. 83S Market (The Elite).
ll-ROOM house; south Market st. : must sell
to-day; a snap; $110. HAYES & WILSON.
S3S Market at. <The Elite).
14 ROOMS, rent $60. residence, clears $51... $750
15 rooms, cor., part cash, hard wood 850
16 rooms, cor., elegant, «mnny. clears $78. 1500
SO rooms, cor., apartments. $105 clear.... ISOO
SS rooms, cor.. S. Mkt.. new. clears $S7.. 2C00
42 rooms, cor., downtown, urgent sale, offices.
First floor big income, best location in city.
Only a few of my 217 houses. Please call.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market at. r. 1.
SNAPS— 22-roomed house: good location.. $750
$8S0; elegantly furnished; 15 rooms: Turk st_
$1000; 20 rooms; alwaye full; rer.t $'.0.
We have the cream of S. F. in lodging-
houses. See us before buying. National Real
Estate Exchange. 3 Eddy St.
A— 22-ROOM rooming house; central $1000
20-room house: fir« class 1050
11-room house; $473: 6-room flat 325
20-rooin house; Eddy: rent $75: only 900
FISHER & CO.. 1C32 Market st
! $1400 — HOTEL: JJ6 furnished rooms; clears $200
a month: near railroad shops. $1000 — Lodging-
house; 26 furnished rooms; on one floor: nets
$80 per month: near railroad shops. W. C
FLETCHER, 1734 Seventh st. West Oakland.
A— FURNISHED house of 7 rooms for sale;
rent of house very cheap; rooms all full. Ap-
ply 1315 Stockton st.
$?00— "0 SUNNY rooms; fine corner on Third st,
near Market. Room 614, Call building.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wa-on, single, also light
C3TT* pin 17 wapen, Tor s&lc rh^ap. £52 3r_.is_iion.
NEW & Id-hand wagons, buggies, carts A har-
ness. work & driving horses, loth & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
Fplritual medium; advice In all affair* of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated: mining a specialty; clrs.Sun.,Wed..FrI.
ev"e: come and be convinced. (Permanently)
£.13 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
MRS GRIFFIN .and Shriner. spiritual test
meeting Sunday evening. Scottish Hall, 107
Larkin tt. Admission 10c.
MEDIUM and palmist: readings this week, 23c
and 50c: satisfaction guaranteed. Room 14,
12S9 Market et.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2. 8
p. m. 14 McAllister st, rra. 35; admission 10c.
MRS. LESTER, medium and palmist. 621 Turk
et.; circles Sun.. Tuee., Fri., 8 p. m.. 25c.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; prophetic
I tests. 10c; reading*. 50c, SI. 148 Sixth.
I MRS. KOTTER'S circle; teat to all, 10c: sittings
| dally; ladles. GCc; eents, $L 34 Sixth st.
j EDWARD EARLE. psychic. 12S Powell Bt;
hours. 9 to 5; Sunday at K. of R Hall.
! MME. MAJORS. gifted splrtual medium.
I healer and card reader. 132 Sixth St.. rootn^ 1.
I FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Ml-*. C. J.
I Meyer, eit. dly; convlnc'g tests to-night; 10c.
! CONSULT WatKon. 1581 Mkt, nr. 12th: famous
i medium & palmist: advice infallible: 2*>c up.
PROF. GEE. medium— Startling teets: circles
every night. 10c; readings. LOc $1. 14S Sixth.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busi-
ness medium, life reader: fittings $L 1104 Mkt-
CLAIRVOVA>TS.
MME. POHTEP.. wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles
ECc. gent II; palm and clair. eit *1 60. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located I14S Market, opp.
Cth: private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
JUST returned, MRS. E. L. DAVIS, clairvoy-
ant, card reader; mental questions answered;
ladies, ZSc; gents, GOc 34 Sixth st, room 6.
MRS. E. SANDERS, 514 Taylor st, near Geary
— Clairvoyant palmist and business medium;
ladles' circle Thurs., 2 p. m. ; Frl.. 8: dr., 25c.
MME. BERNARD, reads life fluently; advice
given in all affairs In life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; Kc up. 17 Third et., next Examiner.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader,
trance medium: 25c up.S23Mlgsion st:rlng bell.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sutlers dally. 44Stt Jessie st
MRB. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant. wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. ZEREDA. the g> - psy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c and 60c. 7 Seventh.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrlst. palm-
1st and card reading. 25c. 1241H Market st
MMli HANSCN. palmistry, card reader; past
present, future. 25c. 14S Sixth Bt. room 14.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
nr.edlum. 421 Golden Gate are.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmietry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA read- life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. S Fourth t»t.
CARPET DEATIXO AXD CLEAXISG.
STANDARD, 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair: carpets cleaned,
3c yd; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 306.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 8S3-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at 5c
STRATTON'S. 8 Eighth «t; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. TIP Fourteenth st; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beatlns; Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3t-40 8th st; tel. South 230.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 401 Sutter St.;
tel Main 281. . GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 121 ¦
——________
BUNIONS* ingrown tails, corns, absolute cure,
painless; consult' n free. 1 Dr. Duncan. 4158utter.
COLLECTION . OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No chargo un-
less successful. Room 810, 127 Market st.
BsB3£tt&S&BBSBBIxBBIUSBi^u&
I COTTAGES TO LET.
$10— COTTAGE 3 sunny rooms; yard; water.
134 Rose ave.. between Gough and Octavia. ¦
~~~ DENTISTS. ** \3ZHI
AT theEL^CTROODENTAL CLINIC,. 809 Mar
ket Bt, cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
(3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 8 a, m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
' pcrlence; no students; advice free: prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
PR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell Bt
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 2>1 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings. £0c;
crowns. $3 DO; plates, full net, $o 00; all work
fiainleRs and warranted. Chicago Dental Pax-
ors, 24 Sixth at.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors. 1019
Market et, bet. Sixth and Seventh: consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from ?3 per set; extracting. We; gas given.
LOWEST prices charged for conscientious work
executed by graduate dentls-ts at Standard
Dental Parlors, r. £4. Murphy bldg.. 1236 Mkt.
DR. WALSH. S15% Geary, nr. Larkln— Painless
extraction 60c; plates $5 up; tel. Polk 1135.
LOWEST prices in B. F.; painless extraction,
60o. New York Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 236 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $8; fillings, 26c,
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings aad Sun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG
1S41 Polk st. . '
y DOG HOSPITALS.
DBJ BUZARD'S dog hospital. Poet, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine. 7Bc: city visits, $1 50_all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 630.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
-••AIRFIELD'S Millinery Academy; call and ex-
amine work; send for circular. 1236 Market.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post. overO"Conrior& Moffatt
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. Market st.
S. F. I>ressmaklng, Ladles* Tailoring and Mll-
Hrtery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
EDUCATIONAL.
aALLAGHER-MARSirColIege? Parrott Bldg.—
"Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Po«t st.
B. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free. .
WANTED — An expert klndergartner for the In-
fant department of Trinity Church Sunday
school. Write to REV. EDWIN JOHNSON,
Superintendent. Trinity Church, Bush and
Gough sts. ; . , i v
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES* Business College. 723 Market st; day
and evening; Individual instruction, $3 per
month; life scholarship, J50: bookkeeping.
Bhcrthand. telagraphy. etc.; catalogue free.
SPANISH classes day and evening, 3C5 Larkln
Bt, cor. McAllister; 4 lestons a week. $3 a
month; also private. PROF.F. M. VIZCAINO.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
moo. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$23. TAP>R. expert aocnt. ?20 Parrott bldg.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy-
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 3C2 Montey.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 3230 Market 5t.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech., sur-
I vey. assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. : est. 1S64.
t VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 333 Market.
FRENCII,Span!sh.etc.Prof.Dr-FIIIrp < ''sAcademy
ofLanguases.S^ Post;cetaWd.lS71;abl«5t profs.
SPANISH. French. German, singing:, piano. $2
mo. : hours. 2-4. 6-8. 1235 Market, rms. 11!«-117.
M.UNSON School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy St.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTIXGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 4*4 Pine st.
CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us, 303 Larkln st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.: ?5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; eatab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., n»ar Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
j best help furn.: tel. John 2121. 8C6H Stockton.
FRED WAMATS. Japanese. Chinese contractor;
emp. office. 644 California; tel. James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-ChlneEe employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
JAPANESE HousecleanlnR Co.— Walters, cooks,
dishwashers: est. 1S30. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 370.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black o072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'FaireU st; tel. East 426.
EMPLOVMEXT W A N T li D KEMA 1 B.
THOROUGHLY experienced German Infant's
and child's nurse, to take entire charge; city
or country: best of references. Addre?a box
4106. Call office.
WANTED — By a reliable woman, work in
country hotel or mining camp, or would tako
care of roomlngr-house; best of references. 76i
Market St.. room 30.
ELDERLY lady would like a position to assist
in light housework; small pay. 23 Eddy st,
room 31. .
GIRL lately from the East wl?hes a position as
• nurse and seamstress. Call or addre§3 N.,
2Zihj Tehama Et. f
COMPETENT middle-aged German woman; is
gocd cook: assist with washing in small fam-
ily; city or country; no cards. 746 Misslcn st.
A COMPETENT Scandinavian girl wishes sit-
uation at chamberwork; hotel or boarding-
house. Apply 110 Natoma et..' near Second.
SITUATION wanted by competent girl; gen-
eral housework, plain cooking. 1522 Polk st. ;
phone Oak 1314.
INEXPERIENCED young woman wishes situ-
ation as waitress in restaurant 413A Frank-
lln st. '¦
POSITION as housekeeper or to cook in mining
• camp or boarding-house. 813 Folsom st.
YOUNG Scandinavian girl wishes situation to
assist in light housework. 220 Sixth ave,
EXPERIENCED Swedish' girl; general house-
wcrk; wages $25. 20 Walter, oft 14th. nr. Noe.
YOUNG lady desires position as bookkeeper ;
6 years' practice; Is neat and industrious; flno
penman; thoroughly competent: references.
Addresa O. N-. box 3869. Call office. ¦
POSITION aa governess or housekeeper in fam-
Jly; English ar.d German spoken. Call or ad-
drens 1E92 Mission st, bet. 2 and 4 p. m.
YOUNG woman desires a place as housekeeper;
city or country. Box 41C1, Call office.
COACHMAN and wife wish situations in city
or country. Box 4103. Call office.
RESPONSIBLE lady, rood dressmaker, wants
x-osltlon as seamstress In private family or
care of rooming house ; room for self and
husband taken as part pay; must be respec-
table. Ad. or call "Dressmaker," 174 Perry.
WANTED— By a practical dressmaker/ a poul-
tlon to take charge of a lady or lady's ward-
robe; bent of refesencee. Box 3C29, Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 &0 night. $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; • free 'bus,
and baggnge to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for* Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1031
Valencia st. ¦¦¦-¦..-.¦
EHPLO YMEXT WANTED — MALE.
GENTLEMAN, age 26, good education and ad-
dress, wants situation as showroom salesman
or traveler; ten years' experience;- highest
references and bond if required. Address box
4128. Call office. ,
ADVERTISER, age 26. well educated, good or-
* anlzer. wants responsible position at home
or abroad: accustomed to tropical climate:
sneaks Spanish; excellent references. : Ad-
dress : box 2S05, Call office.
SWEDE 35 wants position as porter, hotel,
country: understands bar and horses; smart
and handy. Box 4197, Call office.' :
FIRST-CLASS cook, baker and meat cutter
desires situation on ocean steamer. Address
M. V. E.. 1Z3M Third st. ,
EXPERIENCED German grocery clerk and
barkeeper wishes situation; flrst-class refer-
ences. W. BOHLINO, 417 Kearny it.
— , — i. i -- . ¦ •-¦...,..- ¦-. -. 4| .. .
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
MILKER (Swiss) and wife, -cook, want work
on ranch; city or country. 1309 Stockton st
TWO young men (lately In business), thorough-
. ly competent, would like to take care of
chicken ranch. Box 3872. Call office.
SHORT order cook and good baker wants posl-
tlon. Box 4131. Call office.
GERMAN grocery clerk and barkeeper wishes
situation; sober; references; city or country.
Address C. JURGENSEN. 8 Silver at; San
Francisco.
MAN and .wife wish situations: man as bar-
keeper or porter; wife as waitress or cham-
bermald. Box 8665. Call office. ,
MIDDLE-AGED good hotel waiter desires
steady position. Address H. KIEHL, New
Atlantic Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave.
ORCHARDIST wants position as superintend-
ent or will rent on shares. Address box E,
Walnut Creek, Cal.
MACHINIST, middle-aged; uses neither drink
nor tobacco, seeks situation as vise or bench
hand or any place of trust; part time if de-
sired. 631 Post st.
WANTED— By an Englishman situation as
butler and valet; good references. Address
box 3628. Call office.
RESPECTABLE young man. good habits and
education; experienced in office work; wants
a position. Box 3887, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109C Va-
lenoia st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 810 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
PARTY having a valuable contract neaiing
completion desltes to associate a party with
$10,000 cash or good bank credit; profits lib-
eral and quick. Address for Interview, box
8661. Call office.
D7 you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
. sale cafl or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITINQ CO.. 504 Parrott building.
FI.AT8 TO LET.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEW flats: tinted; 7 rooms. 430 Eddy st
BUNNY flat, 4 rooms. 210 Willow ave., above
Van Ness.
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st. off Bryant bet
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 941 Brvant.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
$30— FIVE rooms and bath; furnished. 123 A
Guerrero st, near Fourteenth.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Mar-
ket St.: telephone South 6S7.
FURNITURE WASTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, eto. 1185 Market st; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 77S Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
ALWAYS "phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln; tel Polk 691.
furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP v. ANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, south, flrst-class cafe, $30. fares
here; 2 waitresses, hotel, country, $23; 4
waitresses, commercial hotels. $20; 3 wait-
resses, city. $20: lunch waitress. £0 cents: 2
chambermaids to wait. $20; 2 chambermaids',
country. $20.
FAMILY ORDERS.
Working housekeeper, 10 students, $22 50; sec-
ond girl. city. $20; second girl, country. $20
to J2», .see party here ll:S0; cooks and houss
Birls. city and country. $20, $25 and $30. G
K. HANSEN. & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Experienced operators on shirts; a
few Inexperienced taught. Apply the L. EL-
ICUS & CO., 29 and 31 Battery st
A— FIRST-CLASS waist hand; only flrst-class
need apply, at 1200 Geary st, after 7 p. m.,
and Sunday from l to 4.
A — CLOAK and suit saleswoman wanted who
has had good experience. Address, etatlnu
where formerly employed, "Cloaks," box 3806.
Call office.
BMART young girt to learn to be a medium;
willing to travel with professional man.
Write to box 3S74, Call office.
WANTED — Good, competent girl for general
housework In family of five; must be good
t>laln cook ; wages $25. Apply at 3003 Clay.
WANTED— Girl finishers en skirts and Jackets.
S. BELLER & CO.. 230 Butter St.
TWO good experienced vestmakers; steady
work and good wages. Apply 1110 Market et
WANTED— A finisher on Jackets and skirts;
steady work. Ladles' Tailor, 641 Post st
WANTED — Girl to assist in housework; four
in family; $12. 1703 Oak st.
BUTTONHOLE operators on the Wheeler &
Wilson machine. 723 Market St.. room 35.
APPRENTICES at dressmaking; paid while
li-arnir=. Room 49, 121 Post st.
BRIGHT girl for etore and errands. 1433 Polk
street.
WAITRESS wanted at 1S3 Seventh rt
WANTED— Good restaurant waitress; $7 a
week. 7 Taylor st.
WANTED— Girl for shooting gallery. Call 10
a. in. at 424 Dupont st.
WANTED— Neat appearing girl wait on table
and other light work. 206 Leavenworth st
WANTED— Experienced starehers: new shirts
only laundered. EAGLESON & CO.. 533 Mar.
, ket st. •
WANTED — A strong young girl; assist in
housework; no washing. Apply In the morn-
lng at 1C32 Ellis st.
GERMAN girl for cooking anil downstairs
work: no washing or sweeping. 1817 Cali-
fornia St.
SWEDISH girl wanted for general housework.
108 Berry St.
"WANTED — Experienced waist hands; also
eleevemaker. 121 Post st, room 45. S
LADIES to solicit; novelty corset; quick sales;
.. salary and commission. Box 8373. Call.
FIRST-CLASS skirt hand for ladles' tailor;
aleo en apprentice; paid while learning. VER-
DIER. 884 Geary Bt v
YOUNG girl, light housework and plain cook-
Ing: good home. Call 1 to 3 or 7 p. m., 2101
Webster St.
WANTED — A woman, self -possessed and of
courteous manner, to handle department; one
who has traveled preferred. Box 3610, Call.
SEWING girls, attention!— Experienced opera-
tors on dress and negligee shirts; steady
work; good pay. Lowenberg Co., 27 Jessie st.
GIRLS wanted at the United States Laundry.
Apply at U. S. Laundry, 16th and Valencia.
WANTED— Girl for housework and cooking;
wages $15. . 1443 . McAllister st. ¦-•-¦.
RESPONSIBLE woman; light housework; $2 60
a week. Box 3<J33. Call office. •
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
- 1731 Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions 1
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C36
Valencia st. . . ¦ ¦
HELI* WANTED — 3IALK/.
A— WAITED T.7.~?T7~..~. ... ~..T.~. .:. '. . . ... . , . .".".
Furnace nun for quicksilver mine, $65. W.
P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St.
A— WANTED
: 2 brick maaons to build furnace for mine, '$4
, a day and long Job. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st. , .
A— WANTED .........
10 milker* for new dairy, city, $35 and found
W. D. EWER & 'CO., 610 Clay st
WANTED— Good boys to go on delivery wagon
as helpers. A B CD; Special Delivery, 408
.Tehama st
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
132 Pacific at
KARBER for Saturday, Sunday; wages $5. 1323
Stockton st.
BARBER for Saturday. 89 Third st, ¦ ¦;
GOOD barber for Saturday at 1211 Market st;
:¦ wages. . ¦:.;..• • ;..
BARBER wanted; steady Job; wages paid. 218
¦ Montgomery av». .. \ :•..•¦•
GERMAN porter wanted. • Inquire 640 Stan van
street : ... ¦ . ;'- - •/;':: ¦-'.¦. ¦
METAL buffer and polisher;' steady Job to
¦ rlcht man. ' C23 Golden Gate av*v '
help Wanted— male.
AT C, R. HANSEN & CO.'S... ...104 Geary st
RAILROAD WORK.
4 stone masons; railroad culvert work; Los
Angeles Co. (see boss here) $3 60 a day
3 Etone masons; railroad culvert work: Ne-
vada (see boss here) $3 50 a day
10 teamsters and laborers for California and
Northwestern Ry., Ukiah
20 drillers for big tunnel at Chatsworth
Park, Los Angeles Co :..$2 a day
100 teamsters, R. R. work, Nevada... $2 a day
Free fare ship daily free fare.
Butler with good references, private family,
$45; attendants' cook. Institution, country,
$40; 3 neat appearing boys with references as
bell boys for first-class hotel, no experience
necessary. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
IS LABORING men for country: long: Job; $2 25
a day. Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
............WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
60 laborers, city and country.. $1 73 and $2 day
tank cooper harness maker
blacksmiths and helpers stablemen
10 plow teamsters and farmers.. $23 & $30 & fd
milkers and butter makers $30 and fd
carriage painters, drillers
100 woodchoppers and tlemakers, provisions
furnished
farmer and wife $40 and found
MURRAY & READY, C34-C36 City st
A— COOKS, city and country. $30. $35 and $40
and found; markers and other laundry help;
experienced man, delicatessen "store; boy to
drive bakery wagon, $20 and found; elevator
boy. etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt
A FOREMAN and 10 carpenters, 2 painters,
cabinet-makers, bench hands, sash and door
man, shaper and band sawyer, sticker hands,
trim sawi»r, at Mechanics' Registration Bu-
reau, 410 Kearny st, room 9: non-union me-
chanlca please register; no office fees.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment H. Bernard. Sec., 104 7th; tel. Jeaale 152.
WANTED— In every town, male or female that
can sell oil stock In a new first-class com-
pany. C. J. RADER, e29 Parrott bldg.
WANTED— A good sticker hand; San F*rancisco
manufacturing establishment; steady em-
ployment and good pay to right man. Box
4107. Call office.
WANTED— A man experienced in the manu-
facture of condensed milk; write, stating ex-
perlence, to address. Box 4105, Call office.
DISHWASHER wanted at 4S5 Bush st.
WANTED— A competent bartender; fair wages.
Box 4110. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man or strong boy to work on
chicken ranch. 18 Montgomery ave.
WANTED— A boy about 16 years of age for of-
fice work. Address in own handwriting, box
MAN for paying position on salary and com-
mission. Apply from 8 to 9 In the morning at
405 Montgomery st. room 6. C. RUHL.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers for the country. J.
BAUMGARTEN & CO.. 7 Montgomery at.
COATMAKER and bushelman wanted for
country ; steady work. 104-106 Battery at.
COATMAKER for country^ Apply REISS
BROS. _ CO.. 24 Sutter st.
Bhoelasters, Chase mach. ; shoefltters.wax thread,
Singer mach. D. R. Wentworth. W. Berkeley.
BOY wanted at Union-square Market, stalls
1 and 3.
BRIGHT boy not over 15 years for store. 1433
Polk st.
ERRAND boy wanted with good reference at
956 Mission st.
A GOOD cook. Apply between 10 and 11 a. m.,
1453 Franklin st.
ELEVATOR boy. 29 Stockton st.
BARBER shop— 4 chairs; rent $13 : price $250 ;
call to-day. M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market, r. 1.
WANTED— A place to stop for Ihe winter— This
can be found at the Adams House. 519 Sacra-
mento Ft., near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventllated rooms. A. McCHEERY, Prop.
WANTED — A young man to act aa floor
walker; one with good address and sterling
habits; for Welnstock. Lubln & Co., Sacra-
mento. Apply at £23 Market St., near First,
between 2 and 3 p. m.
WANTED— A thoroughly, experienced clothing
salesman ; one who can talk Portuguese; for
Sacramento. Apply at S23 Market st., room 7,
between 2 and 3 p. m.
W ANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Kd Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
looms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. -
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; positions guaranteed; special
inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. C33 Clay st.
WANTED — A clerk In wholesale drug house;
one who has had experience preferred. Ad-
drees, stating age and reference, box SS6S,
Call office.
WANTED— Steady man with $130; light work: !
will pay $60 per month; experience not re-
qulred. McLAUOHLIN & CO.. 777VJ Market
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepnrd & Co.. c'<l. reliable
firm, SC6 Market, rm. 4f> Phelan bldg. ; pen-
sion vouchers executed, 23c; advice free.
A BOY wanted at once. 225H Montgomery ave.
TRAVELING salesman wanted to carry gloves
as side line; state territory. Box 3611, Call.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS furniture finisher. 6 Ninth st.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 23c
to 60c. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
A — SALESMEN, office men and mechanics
seeking positions, call at 9 Geary st, rm. 8.
. WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
BARBE^RS — A comalete 3-chalr outfit for Bale
at a bargain. Call at 902 Lnrkin st.
8TOLTZ. barber supplies, removed from 630
Market (basement) to 636 Market st, upstairs.,
.GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 113 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
MEN' and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard St.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer, 16
years' practice; Examiner building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket: 700 room-. 25c nlerht; reading- rooms; free
'bus and bajtEaee to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HEMORRHOIDS.
PILES— 300- cures business men In San Fran-
cisco; can be seen: no operation; no pain; par-
tlculars sent. Ad. Physlcla> box 1950. Call.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. IStc Vor Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also warons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth at. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. ' ¦
FEED Manhattan food; keeps hcrses. cows,
poultry and dogs healthy. 1253 FoUom st. S. F.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — Very stylish gentle horse for lady
to drive. Box 4102, Call office.
HOVSKS TO LET.
A — PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
CASTRO, 74S— Nearly new house, 8 rooms and
bath; good location and view. Apply premises.
$8 — GOOD 6-room house; healthy location. 1567
Kearny st, near Greenwich.
HOUSES TO LET— FUUXISIIED.
COMPLETELY furnished house of 12 sunny
rooms: 2 baths; largre »rrounds: marine view;
$$5. Southeast cor. Green and Leavenworth.
HOUSES WANTED.
UNFURNISHED house wanted; 8 to 10 rooms;
sunny Hide; corner preferred; north of Market
»t. Address box 2741, Call office.
" HYIWOT1SM.
HYPNOTISM successfully taught In 6 one-hour
lessons by PROF. DILLON. 324 O'Farrell st
LOST, AXI> KOUXD.
._•_.; ' ,_,,,_,,,..,-,-,,- _,,_„-, ,-,-,-« ¦ - .- - .. ., ,.
$10 . REWARD— Lost. • a : black cocker spaniel
doc:"no hair on the back near the tail; an*"-
, ewers name of Jinks. Return 318 Pine,- rm. 7.'
LOST— Money check of U. S. Sub-Treasury. No.
27445. signed by S. Konlshl: Please return to
SINICHI KONISHI. 807 Polk St. and receive
reward ;¦ payment stopped. . ¦¦¦• " . .
LOST— Oct 32. a recorded lease." Finder i will
please leave It at 858 Howard st. and receive
' a liberal reward. .
LOST— Bearskin bull, between Baden and city,
¦ October- 7,- 1900. Return . to Washlngton-st
stable, bet East and Drumm sts. ;¦ reward p.
LOST— On Eddy, • near ¦ Powell, opal stickpin,
form of fly. Return to Call office and receive
reward. ¦-. : '*">' . ':¦¦¦'.. ::. ¦ :'-¦¦ ' '
FOUND— A fawn hound bitch. Owner can have .
, samo by applying at 731 Harrison st.
MEDICAL. - - -'
DR. and MRS. DA VIES, 1228 Market— Ladies'
specialists; 32 years* practice ; have treated
thousands of caaes successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladies treated can return
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure,
any one can use it; perfectly harmless; home
for confinement. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
ued at home: consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. Moved 1018 Market.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladies' physician;
treatment, $5; private home before and during
confinement; when others fall consult free
MRS. DR. KOHL. 357 Market St.. cor. Sixth.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladies* specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cvre ?5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; IS years* practice In S. F.; maternity
heme; low fees. 1007H Market st, near Sixth.
IMPORTANT notice for ladles— Help for the
poor; cure reduced from So to $2 50; every
woman her own physician; can be sent and
used home. DR. POPPER. 323 Kearny st
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice; home in confinement; treatment at
office. $5; any ailment: consultation free; guar-
anteed. 642 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
NO TOY KEE, Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed: eer.d for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tnrlum. 704 Sacramento st. corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist; home In confinement; safe and re-
iiable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
PR. WISE, the ladles* specialist. 1118 Market at.
MISCELLAAEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery! m£
KsTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 19S-m Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mlrrora, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
v^S* 11 " hll> everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1C2L 1W3 Mission st.
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
NEW BROODS— The Golden West Broonx_Fac-
tory at 628 and 630 Clay st. near Kearnj^ has
Just started: storekeepers can be supplied with
all kinds of brooms at the cheapest rates;
orders by mail attended to.
A NEARLY new Yost typewriter, latest style,
?3 3 ; full worth SCO; write quickly for sampla
Of work. U & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery at.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $3 down and S3
per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
st: rentals, new machines. S3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITE-LAW. 216 Spear st.
A NICE present; diamond and ruby scarf pin;
cost $200; price $123. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave.
FINE suit, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st
A— S3 B0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
AT a bargain— Stock of second-hand goods In
good condition. 1425 Market st.
15 H. P. engine and boiler: good aa new;
cheap. 316 Railroad ave., South S. F.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern enrinea and
boilers bought and sold..KROGH Mfg. Co.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. H. 8. WHITE. 516 Mission st
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or- Prince Albert
suits for $2 SO. Portland Loan Office, 23 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
PORTABLE engines boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke, 133 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. HI Post St.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 21S California st
2D-HAND photographic and magric lantern out-
flts bought, sold, exchanged. 1G9 Montgomery.
SAFES— New ar.d second hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-U1 Market st. San Fran.
MISCELLAXEOUS WAXTS.
A— CLOTHING, sealskins. Jewelry, etc.. bought:
will call. L. Broe.. 25 Stktn; phone Black 1201.
W A NTED— 500 patients Sunday night. Hoover
_HaJiL_M arket and 10th; Schlatter"s healing 1 .
WANTED — Upright piano for cash. h7~lT
AVHI7EHEA1), 1710 Market St.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Silverman. §34 Folsoin; tel. Folsom 119L.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brio
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. : tel. Jessie 14L
MOSEY TO LOAN.
'ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without rs-
moval or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long aa you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 63-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market
AA — BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages ...............
Interests in Estates ,
Undivided Interests In Heal Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market st
A — MONETT to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will loso
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will +e better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 3d and 2d mort-
Kayes, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. S.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgaRes. estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Koom 16, first floor,
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
st; tel. Main 1644.' Branch 19 Third st
A — $oCO.OCO ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortsaees; notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONB. 11 Montgomery-
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold,- silver, diamonds.
AT 126 Kearny st.. room 9. respectable, private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 993.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 301 Jones St., corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to build with;
small monthly payments. HOME BUILDINO
COMPANY. 222 Sansome St., room 2.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rra. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
PRIVATE party on furniture and pianos; S per
cent; no removal; no conunls'n. 6 Eddy, r. 81.
TO salaried people without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co., 321 Parrott big.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market st., room _
ON furniture and pianos; no removal: confi-
dential ; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. US Phelan big.
MUSICAL. ffTHCMEXTS.^
ALL purchasers of pianos at Byron Mauzy*s
have the privilege of exchanging for one of
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one of our
Byron Mauzy Pianos, any time within four
years, full purchase price being allowed. Our
rent plan has been the best offered to the
public for the past three years. A large size,
beautifully finished, full-toned piano, with
stool and cover, warranted for five years, for
$350, ftf cash and $4 per month. This is not a
cheap piano, full value being given for every
dollar spent BYRON MAUZY, Sole Agent
bonnier & Co.. Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Spell-
man and Hamilton Pianos. 30S, 310, 312 Post
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN.
CLAY — CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
¦ changing for. a STEINWAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed;
the best makers of every trade to select from;
beautiful new uprights $6 cash. $6 per month;
some good pianos for $3. $4 and $3 per month
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.; STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts.,
San Francisco: corner Broadway and Thlr-
teenth sis.. Oakland. __^
WE sell the Decker & Son for the best, be-
cause It Is the best. See and ¦ be convinced
at MAUVAIS*. 769 Market st.
PACKARD pianos beat the world for the
money. Large stock at MAUVAIS'. 769 Mar-
ket «t
YOU cannot afford to buy until our large stock
of new and second-hand pianos has been
examined. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st
SPECIAL snaps In a few slightly used planes
See us. BEN J. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
rell st : Chlckerlng agency and everything
pertaining to music; symphonlon music boxe3.
VIOLIN strings; never wet; beat In the workP
rnsf^me^.
-.-¦•• - .- , . .
MUSICAL rXSTniDlESTS.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and 1 "?"V' h / >U __'
west of Chicago is KOHLER * CH £?!?, S ' V*
tS and 30 O'Fa-r3ll st; pianos, otim^ »na
all other musical Instruments of all *~»°f B .
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: •»«£-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tn«
customer. ¦• -
BE in the swtm: rent a new piano for *3 p«r
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. £60 Hayea st
ELEGANT cabinet grand upright piano: «acrl-
flce; leaving city. 32t Golden Oate are.
AT Dewine's 803 Market— Three slightly used
upright--, Stelnway. Dewing. Chase Broa.
SUPERIOR violins, zlthero. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ELEGANT Sohmer upright good aa new, _nJ
other great bargains. BRUENN. 203 Po»t »t
FINE 3-ped.il upright piano: sacrificed on ac-
count of sickness. 907 McAllister st
A cleaning out of pianos for storage: dirt cheap;
Installments. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market
AT KEEFFE'S. 9S3 Market st. 4 elegant up-
rlghts at your own price. Bhonlnger agency.
A BARGAIN; must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMIT2. 16 McAllister st, next Hlb. Bank.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hard man. Con-
over & ethers. \V. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
OIL.
BACHELOR .....^..I.V.I.....^45 ets
Monarch of Arizona .......40 cts
Gray Gander ...35 cts
Lone Star S eta
Three States ,.... 7 ct»
Stocks, bonds and securities bought and sold
by PORTER 4- CHENEY. (30 CaHTo-mia «t.
San Francisco. Cal. '
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
PROVEN oil lands in th« Kern Rtv«r fle!<J
for sale; no stock proposition: no wildcat
scheme: this Is sure territory In th» largest
and best known field In California. If you
•want to form a comgany buy good land oa
th« line of the railroad. NEWTON. CABMAN
A EOMES. S. C. MASON, agsnt. 11 Kont-
gomery st
OFFICES A.1D STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 827 Market rt.—
Light sunny offices, $15 to 120 per month, with,
light, heat, janitor aad us« of shorn.
6C-5 SANSOME, handsome, stor*. $10; 824 Pa*_lc.
large store cheap.
LARGE elegant store and basement; 932 Va-
lencla St.. nen- 21st: boalnesa center.
~~~ PALMISTRY.
MME. NEEROAAKD, 700 Post; t«_ Hyde _*£'
hours 1 to 5 ev«., and Sunday by appolmmtat
H. JEROUE FOS3ELLI. sclcntlfla palmist. (IS
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black MTlj
PARTXERS WASTED.
PARTNER wanted In dyvinff and oleanixtg «•>
tabMshmant. 1421 Point Lobo< _v_
PERSOXAJLS.
YOUNG man. IS. wlsh«« to m*«t lady wlt_
torn* means who desire* to liv« In country-.
object, matrimony. Box 3317. O— 1 office
WANTED— Wife, IS years old. to 11t« In Tntntri-r
camp. Address P. O. box S99, Manvtl. Baa
Bernardino County, Cal.
PARTIES having feathera at ME3. C— OSVjU
LI—R'S. 4 Taylor place, aro requested to call
for them before SO days. _^^
r*RED MANN, powerful magnetic b«al«r. Just
arrived; cures all kinds of disease*; descrip-
tive pamphlet sent fro* of chargaw Ui Me-
Alllster st.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS-^Tal. South 733,
made to order; renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty: Cno X'p-
holBtery. HOPKE BROS.. »13 and 320 11th St.
LEDERER' S Quintonica hair tonic la sold at
Lloa Drug Co.'s. Market and Stockton sts. ;
35o bot.; also at 123 Stockton st •
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 70O rooms;
20c to SI GO per night: SI 60 to $8 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MME. ADA. wonderful gifted healer. UOt Mar-
ket, r. 3. 4. cures spinal trouble, rheumatism,
blindness, paralysis and all nervous diseases.
PAINFUL nervous diseasea. rheumatism, par-
alysis, liver and kidneys cured without drugs
by DR. J. HERBERT REEVE. 26% Kearny.
SUITS to order en Installments : 115 upward; Jl
a week. LEON LEMCS. 1117 Market St.. be-
tween Seventh, and Eighth. •
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, K7 Jessie st
BUY your coal of LA-NGE & OOBT. successors
to W. H. Wiseman. 1T11 Sacto. : tel.Sutter 2778.
LEDERER U the popular hairdresser; style*
correct, 23c; switches SI up; ornaments cheap.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair.
moles; trial free. MISS EATON. Ill- Suiter.
BUITS to order from $13 up on easy payments.
The Richelieu. 7C0 Market st, near Geary.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo Sc pkg.; beat tnd
cheapest yet; best is always cheapest
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
Ing Co., 1644 Mkt., under St Nicholas Hotel.
OLD sold, silver, diamonds and precious stone*
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st
HAIR anlekly curled or waved by ustn«r Tml-
cott's curling fluid; 2So a bottle; druggtata.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores rray
hair to Its natural color; 11; at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAX'S. SOS Kearny St.
PHYSICIANS AM) SURGEO>S.
DR. C. C. O'DON^ELL^Otflce and resldenci!
1021*4 Market st.. between Sixth and Serentn.
real estate city — for sale.
lyo>T_"hoao!
114 MONTGOMERT STREET.
BUSINESS PROPERTY* AT A BAROACT.
|500 cash, balance 150 monthly— Fin* 3-story
building In business section of Castro
at: store and nice flat above; I rooms
and bath: total rent *Mt per mo_t_|.
price S4G00.
A BARGAIN IN FLATS.
12230— Clinton Park, close to Valencia aad Ut_
sts.; 2 good flats; rented low at $2—
A FTKE CORNER 3 ACRXlf U-'~ IX
S250O— Bank mortgage S2000; corner Jones and
Broadway; size lot 47x60; foundatloa
laid; all ready for building. ,
A GRAND BPECTJ—ATXOJJ.
JII.SCO— On» hundred lots located at the *Po<-
trero; close- to all the larxa maaufao-
t cries.
CORNER IN WHOLESALE DISTTUCT.
$12,000— Howard at., near 2.1 ; frvme building; let
30x30.
HANDSOME NEW HOMTX
J3CC0— }l"i» cash, balance can remain In mort-
gage, i per cent: contains seven lor?»
rooms, bath and finished basement: ft—
are., near K St.: only two bloc—a frock
Golden Gate Park; fine marine view.
NEW HOME AT THE MISSION.
12350— H0O cash, balance S2S monthly: Al~a-
rado St.. near Noe and Twenty-eeeond:
contains 5 Iarga. sunny rooms, porcwlam
bath, etc.; everything up-to-date: tak»
Castro-st cars to Alvarado st. walk on*
block cast
PAYS ALMOST 12 PER CENT.
$12.300— Good Investment: dose to Market and
Valencia; always rented; lot 75 ft front.
21TH STREET BUSINESS PROPERTT.
S350O— Rent US: handsome modern building:
contains store and 3 rooms In rear; fl_t
above containing & rooms and bath; also
stable In rear; size lot 29x114; a fins
piece of property in a growing district.
BUSINESS CORNER.
$3150— New ttgildlng. store and flat at the Po-
tr»ro; a fine district for business; mort-
gage I21C0.
A DEVISADERO-STREET HOME.
S60CO— Two-story bay-window house, contain-
ing S rooms and bath; an offer ¦wanted.
LYON A HOAG, 114 Montgomery st,
WHERE CAN YOU
BUT A WESTERN ADDITION
LOT FOR J12S0?'
On a main street which to accepted? No-
where except in the block Just subdivided, be-
tween Fillmore and Stelner. Green and Union
sts.: when this block Is sold you will never
have another opportunity to purchaae a lot for
S1T30 In the Western Addition; this ta the last
of the vacant blocks east of Stelner at.
Go and see it at once; the lots are already be-
ginning to sell; lowest price ever put on any
property, in order to close the Plxley estate, la
which several an interested.
Streets accepted, large level lots; splendid In-
vestments: choice residence lots; good lots for
flats; also business corners; Ftllmore st. and
Union st cars pass the property: both line*
transfer; easily accessible from, any section of
the city.
Remember the prices are from S12S0 upward.
LYON A HOAOi
1H Montgomery st.
IP you hare well-located property in the Mis-
sion, either vacant lots or nice residence, and
you really want to sell, then call on the nnder-.
algned. W. J. GUNN. 530 California st
HAVE you property in the Potrero or Excelsior
Homestead Tract that you want to sell? Thea
call on W. J. QUNN. tap California, at.
j-SDO-GBEAT v sacrifice; two-story booa* *
j__a««:«.'gt____fWSays That the Lieutenant Is a Fine
Fellow in Whom He Takes an
Interest. ¦ ¦
BOSTON, Oct. 25.— Rear Admiral Samp
eon said regarding: Lieutenant Hobson's
speech, in which : he praised the bravery
and skill of Admiral Sampson and said he
was dying of a broken heart:
"When Hobson was here he asked me If
he might say something to the people ol
his section about me. I said he might. I
knew he would not say anything Im
proper. Hobson Is a fine fellow, who per
formed his duty well and who nearly lost
his life In doing so. He always served me
faithfully and I take an interest In him."
.-" -•.*.'¦»¦<•¦" ¦ ?¦ •.-' ..-;--¦¦. •-
Strangled to ; - Death.
. INDIAXAPOLIB. Oct. 25.— Leole Wil
helm, wife of John "Wilhelm, ; was found"
strangled I to ¦ death to-day, on i tbe . west
bank of White River, In the heart of the
city, i John Wilhelm,- the husband of the
woman; John Malandy and Felix Robbing
£ave been arrested oa eufpiclon.
SAMPSON O<>]___NTS
. ON SPEECH OF HOBSON
Cotmtry.
"WASHINGTON. Oct. 25.— The Secretary
of the Treasury, acting on the decision of
the Solicitor of the Treasury, has held
that the wife of a Chinese native born
citizen of the United States Is entitled to
admission Into the United States regard
less of the provisions of section 19S4
Revised Statutes. Such right to land does
not depend on the status of her husband
as a merchant, even if it is held that
the exclusion laws apply to a Chinese
merchant who is native born, but rather
on her higher right not to be separated
from her husband, who is legally entitled
to live In the country of hla birth.
Wives of NativoBorn Chines© Are
Entitled to Land in This
DECISION EELAT1VE TO
K.IGB7TS OF CHINESE V7OT&ES
GRAND HOTEL.
W Dreypolcher. 3 R*f
H F Brown, Cal
E A Biemel. Cal
J H Cbstl^an. Sacto
W H Soderbenr. N'omt
J J Shaw. Nome
Mrs W Towle & fin.
North Whatcom
N B Gould & w. Mass
A H Johnson, Cal
C Matthews. Sta Rosa
J M Ellis, Seattle
F D Graney. Honolulu
J Robertson, Scotland
M Saxeman. Pa .
Dr J J Tully. Stockton
A J Wallace. Los Ang
H K ChalUver. Or
A J Kwernt t* w. Or
Dr J Clark. GUroy -
F 8 Dow. Marysvtlls
G J Wllley, Seattla
Mrs E Franklin. Sacto
Mrs M O Abbott. Cal
W W Smith. San Jose!
J J Thompson. Salinas ;
H Hudson. Orovllle I
H R Patterson A w.
Pennsylvania
J B Hiyglns, Oakland
J A Hunter. >T Y
F Simpson. Los Any
H C Bagot. Melbourne
B A Sanborn. Los Asj
H A Saabom, Los An^
E J Fasborn. Loa Aai
Mrs W T Cook. Cal
W J McDonald. Boca
Miss McDonald. Boca
Mrs J MacBain. Boca
A Kohner. Boca
A D Blrdaall. Chicago
J E Wheeler. Yreka*
Mrs E W Hoaj, 8 Croz
V D Stern & w, 3 Jos-*
J Kaaf & w, Portland
Mrs Ella Card. Portlnd
H Schacker. B C
A W Keck, Kans City
T Flack, \anoouver
H Lockwood, Vanooavr
F C Flngley. VaacouTr
S H Crow * w, Cal
W 8 Vents. Cal
CT D Comer. Eeattls
A C Blncham. Cal
Mrs A C Blcgham. Cal
H L Smith. Vsilejo *
W L Hamteln. N Y
W E Wolff, N Y
Mrs P B SnaSner, Ctg
W S Gare. N Y
L V Redpath, Los Ans
W H HtU. Phlla
O r W Dufflsy. Sacto
Mrs G W Duffisy, Bact
H Low. N Y
Mrs H Low. N Y
C K Sanbom. N Y
F J Henon. Los Ang
E J Strln«ham, N Y^
F H Oxnard. L An?
J T> Houghtelisc:. Chso
I A A Curtis, B Ra£ul
Mrs A A Cartla. CU
A C Lack. N«va_
M Tlllotron. N T
C P Br_iaa, ?T T
C L Jones. Phlla.
O P Tjiy^n^. Oakland
Dr D R Phillips. Kan
Mrs D R Phillips. Kan
|M M Brown. Chro
A S Smith. N Y
L E Cochraa, Bocton
Mrs H B Wilson. S On
O H Osenkos Jr. N Y
A F Lunlns. Mllwanka
F B Culbertson. BnSTlo
O "W Dwlnell. Cal
C B Perry, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
M Oodora, Santa. Rosa
ilJss C Xelsen. Minn
T O Wonderly, 111
A P Forster. Wellaad
3 Storey, Nora*
J Harris, Stockton
H Harriion, Reddlnp;
O 3 Armstrong. Peta. ,
O R Church, Petal un_:
L H Potirer. Topaka
C Goct. Freano
J Dougherty. Boston
H P Stroder. Ean Jos*
H D Hammett, Vallejo
F E S*aasoa, Neb
J H Fuller, Angnst*
C Ghent & w, Fresno
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
HOTEL ARIVALS.
BOSTON. Oct. 25.— Half the Barker-
Jordan checker match for the world's
championship was finished to-night and
the players are still on even term* with
one game each and eighteen- draws, both
of to-day a games having been drawn. ¦
Checker ChamplonB Even.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 25.—
Louis -P. Bausbach of Denver, Colo., was
to-day unanimously elected captain of the
Stanford freshmen team. The fact that
his thirty-eight associates were united
upon his selection is an auspicious begin
ning of what undoubtedly will bo a bril
liant career on the gridiron. . The honor
comes to Bausbach naturally, as he has
already proved himself an able field gen
eral and one of the best all-round players
in the freshman class. Upon him more
than upon any other man depends the
outcome bt next Saturday's contest with
Berkeley, and it is expected that he will
be able to captain his men to victory
Bausbach ; - played quarter-back two
years ago upon the celebrated East Den
ver High School team, where he made an
enviable reputation. He is an all-round
athlete, holding a record of 10 2-5 In the
100-yard dash. He is a member of Sigma
Nu fraternity, 19 years of age and weighs
130 pounds. •
Athlete, Is Unanimously
Elected Captain.
Louis P. Rausbach, an All-Hound
"WTLL LEAD FBESH_EN
TEAM" AT STANFOED
DENVER, Oct. 25.— Sammy Maxwell
and Eugene Turner, both from California,
were to-day . matched to fight at \ Cripple
Creek on November 2, the .winner to take
aJL ..
Maxwell and ' Turner, Matched^
, LONDON. Oct. 25.— Lord Rosebmy dis
posed of a, portion of his stable at New
market to-day. Seventeen borsee fetched
7660 guineas. Richard Croker's represen
tative bought Flambard for 945 guineas.
Eosebery Sells Horses.
Danny Maher won the Ditch mile han
dicap on C. S. Newton's Earnest.
A free handicap sweepstakes was won
by G. Edwards' Santo!, ridden by Sloan.
Blr E. Cassel's Sonatura. guided by C.
Jenkins, and James R. Keane's Disguise
II, with M: Cannon in the saddle, finished
eecond and third, respectively.
LOXDON, Oct. 25.— The Bretby Nursery
handicap, run at the Newmarket-Hough
ton meeting, was won by Lord "William
Beresford's Petronius, ildden by J. Relff.
H. J- King's Wild Irishman, on which
Tod Sloan had the mount, finished first
in the Houghton handicap.
American Boys Win Again.
. LOS ANGELES, Oct. 25.— To-day was
ladles' day at Agricultural Park and the
grand stand . was a sea of color. The
gentlemen's driving race and the livestock
parade were made special features and
over 6000 people enjoyed the sport and the
excellent weather.
The race for gentlemen s roadsters was
the first on the card, Frank Schumacher's
Lijero winning. In the second heat of the
2:17 pace Fredericksburg, who won "the
first heat, broke In the stretch and
swerved into Cloe, who occupied the pole.
The wheels of- the two .bikes became
locked and Cloe was thrown, her driver.
Clark, narrowly escaping injury. Fred
ericksburg took the next two heats and
the race. Best time. 2:H\i.
Romany was the "good thing" picked
by the talent In the flve-eighths of a mile, :
and he closed in the books at 1 to 2. ;
Centlncla, at 2% to 1, went out for the
money in the stretch and beat Romany by
a nose. Time. • 1:02%. . „ , \. *.
The next race was also at five-eighths
and the field of nine got off In a proces
sion. Freedom, the favorite at 5 to 2,
won by half a length. ,The finish In the
mile was most exciting. * As they entered
the stretch Flush of Gold and El Mldo left
the bunch and raced neck and neck to
within ten feet of the wire, when Flush
of Gold with a mighty effort leaped in
front by a short head. El Mldo was fa
vorite at 7 to 10, but Flush of Gold was
heavily played. Good Hope, at 8 to 1 won
the five-eighths . selling event. Lady
Helolse, at 1 to 2, coming third. Sum
mary:
Gentlemen' • roadster*:
Lljero {Frank Schumacher).... ...... Ill
Dewey tDr. W. "W. Hitchcock).. -.. ill
George (Dr. George L Cole) S II
Tarn Moore (Dr. M. L. Moore) 4 4 4
• Pacing, J:17 dase. purse $750.
Frederioksburg (Bunoh) ....Jir'.l 111
Monica (Thompson) ~ «..-..• 112
Billy Baker (Maben) 4 S I I
Cloe (Clark) > 4 4 d
Time— »:15H. S:15U. i:13H. *:«%. '
Flvs furlongs, three-year-olds and upwards,
pur*« JK0— Centlncla won. Romany second;
Petrarch third. Time, 1.-C2H. Hlmera, Bertha
Mo and William O'B also ran.
Five furlongs, all »se«,pune $250— For Free
dom ' won, Croker second. Davereaux third.
Time 1:02. Miss Vera, Wllmeter, Gradas, Caa
tellar. Angel Baby and George Gordon also ran.
On« mile, sweepstakes, two-year-olds and up- i
ward, purae J300— Fluih of Gold won. El Mldo :
second. Cue third. Time. 1:40%. Rey del San
Juan and Hacienda also ran.
Five furlongs selling, all ages, purse S250—
. Good Hope won. The Miller oecood. Lady
Helolse third. Time, 1:01. Crutch, Nettle and
Jennie Glbbs also ran.
Large Crowd.
Ladies' Day Draws an Unusually
RACING AT _OS ANGELES.
Salles, President of Brazil, who arrived
here yesterday with a squadron of three
warships, landed to-day and was received
with popular enthusiasm. He had a
cordial Interview with General Roca,
President of Argentina.
Received With Enthusiasrn-
BUENOS AYRES. Oct. 25.— Dr. Campos
BERLIN. Oct. 25.— The Berliner Tage
blatt publishes a special dispatch from
Budapest which says that the Austrian
heir-apparent, Archduke Francis Ferdi
nand, will shortly renounce the succes
sion to the throne In favor of his brother
Otto and the latter's son. Archduke
Charles.
Francis Ferdinand Has No Desire to
Be Emperor and Will Relin
quish His Right
TO RENOUNCE SUCCESSION
TO THRONE OF AUSTRIA
uel M. Mansfield, engineer corps, will be
removed from his present duties at San
Francisco November 23 and will take
station at Cleveland, relieving Colonel J.
A. Smith, who ia ordered to talca station
at San Francisco as division engineer of
the Pacific division.
Major John Millls, Corps of Engineer,
lately attached to the United States Em
bassy at Paris, has been ordered to "Wash
ington to consult with the Chief of En
gineers. He will then take station at
Seattle, relieving Captain Harry Taylor.
Corps of Engineers, who will take station
at Portsmouth. N. H.
Colonel Samuel _. Mansfield, En
gineer Corps, "Will Exchange
With Colonel J. A. Smith.
"WASHINGTON*. Oct. 23.— Colonel Sam-
VARIOUS CHANGES TO
TAKE PLACE IN" ARMY
"Were Saved.
LONDON', Oct. >5.— The British. srteam«T
Romsdalen,' Captain Long, from Charles
ton, October 7, for Bremen, passed Pran
tle Point to-day and signaled that the
Norwegian baric Crown Prince. Captain
Soreneen. from Darien, September S, tor
Liverpool, had been abandoned at sea.
All the) crew had been saved, eight ' of
whom were on the Romsdaltn.
Tbe Crown Prince was built In 1571 at
Bt. Martins and registered IOCS tons srrosa
and 951 tons net. She hailed from Chris
tlanla, where she was owned by Saxlund
&. Roer.
NORWEGIAN BARE IS
ABANDONED AT g~ A
Crown Prince Disabled, but All of the
Members of the Crew
The Bay City Amateur Athletic Club
matched sixteen amateur boxers lost
night for Its next exhibition, which will
be held in the club rooms, 320 O'Farrell
street, on Thursday evening. November 8.
The bouts will be foueht by the follow
ing named: F. Xell and Chaxles Anderson:
Jack McCarthy and Peter Coleman; Gua
Salsbury and Charles Hawley, Fred Bell
and Dan Barry, Abe Attell and Frank
Dell. Joe Sullivan and Hugh Garrlty.
Sailor Sharkey ana Harry Bowers, and
Jack Sullivan and James Ryan.
BAY CITY .CLUB MATCHES
SOME AMATEUR BOXEES
Eight Bouts Are Arranged for _e
Second Fistic Entertainment
of ths Organization.
•¦'•¦¦ . ¦
P. Jones' Wedgewood did clever work
throughout tha midweek reserve stake
yesterday at Union Park and finished up
the * day's work by easily beating Maher
& Reid's Bad**Boy In th© deciding course.
The young- dog showed / in the greatest
form and beat his opponents strictly on
merit. Had "VVedgewood displayed such
good condition in the big event on Sun
day last he would have certainly made
the going interesting for the last dogs In
the stake.
Bad Boy, the runner-up, also ran well.
Pikers had a great day of it, no less
than seventeen short-ends helping to swell
their bank rolls and at moie than fai*
odds.
One of the /surprises, or rather two of
them, were furnished by Kavanaugh'*
Hard Lines. Handicapped by .a Seattla
record as champion - Hard Lines shamed
the wise ones who had him on the snort
end against Battleship at 1 to 5 by land
ing tha course after a run of 2 minutes
and 20 seconds. In the next round against
Lexington, who was comparatively fresh.
Hard IJnes did the trick again with the
odds 10 to 1 against him. It has beea
whispered that Kavanaugh refused a
four-figure offer for hl3 speedy one after
this course. The" other short ends were:
Commander led and beat Thunderbolt at ( to
S; Querlta Vincent beat Risky Attempt at 6 to
1; LrjxlnEton led and beat Beauty Spot at 5
to 3; Tod Sloan beat Diablo at 5 to 3; Frosty
Morn outworked and beat Ehadow at 2 to 1;
Admiral Sampson led and beat Psyche at t to
3; Miss Skyrocket beat Victor Queen at S to S;
Frosty Morn beat Modesty at S to lj Gold Nug
get beat Daisy Dale at 5 to S; Bunco Bill out
worked and beat Aeneas at 4 to 1; Admiral
Sampson led and beat Banner Bright at 5 to 2;
t-Ieety Mist beat Beer Brewer at i to 1; Frosty
Morn beat Mountain Beauty at S to 1; Flower
of Gold beat Gold Xu??ei at 6 to >, ar.d Mlsa
Skyrocket beat Sleety JlUt at 5 to 1
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Union Park: Midweek reserve staka. first
round— 1». F. Bands' Banner Bright beat
Pasha Kennels' Reve d'Amour, 3-2; H. H.
Gray's Commander beat Schaffer Bros.' Thun
derbolt. 4-2: Curtis & Sons' Psyche beat J. Mo-
Xell's Black Hawk. S-3; J. McEnroe's Admi
ral Sampson beat J. Mooney's Silent Treasure.
4-2; Pasha Kennels' Recording Angel beat J.
H. W. Muller'8 Mocorita, 7-2; Maher & Reid's
Bad Boy beat J. Collins' Richmond King, 5-2;
J. II. Perigo's Querita Vincent beat Pasha Ken
nels' Risky Attempt. 7-4; Bterl & Knowles"
Olita beat B. Hayes' Falnr.ount Boy, — -0; H.
Lynch's Lexington beat R.L.. Taylor's Beauty
Spot, 3-2; M. B. Kavacaugh'f Hard Lines beat
J. Byrnes' Battleship, 3S-4; Captain Cane's Vic
tor Queen beat Aenoid Kennels' Flying Faster.
S-3; Georse Shannon's Miss Skyrocket beat J.
L. Ross' Doris, 5-2; Sterl & Knowles' Sleety
Mist beat F. A. McComb't The " Exile, 4-2;
Sterl & Knowles' Axnarosa a bye; A. Johnson's
Tod Sloan beat R. E. de B. Lone*'* Diablo,
$-4; L. F. Bartels' Beer Brewer beat Maher
tt Reid's- Nellie Bawn. 6-1; F. Jones' Wedge
wood beat Maher A Reid's Singleton. 7-4; T.
J. Cronln's Vixen beat Kay Bros.' Croaspatch,
14-12; J. Hurley's Bhylock Boy beat W. C.
Badger's Alameda Led, 6-3; Jo« Trade's Old
Glory beat S- Garner's Uncle Xed. 8-2; A.
Johnson's Mountain Beauty beat E. Baumels
ter's Los Angeles, 6-0; J. Dlckson's Lady Bees
beat H. Lynch's Game Cock, 12-0; Sterl &
Knowles' Frosty Morn beat Curtis & Eons'
Shadow, 16-7: T. Cooney's Modesty beat J.
Keenan'i Lady Sears. 6-1; Pasha. Kennels' Gold
Nurget beat H. H. Gray's Bannockburn, 23-5;
T. J. Cronln's Daisy Dale beat J. Keenan's
Lundln Links, IS- 12; Aensid Kennels' Aeneas
beat Chlarini Bros/ Palmyra, 8-4; Chiarlnl
Bros.' Bunco Bill beat J. Keenan's Blacklock.
10-6: P. M. Clarkson's Flower of Gold beat
Lowe & Thompson's Little Fullerton. 12-X,
Second round— Banner beat Commander, 8-5;
Admiral Earapson beat Psyche, 4-6; Bad .Boy
beat Recording Ansel, (-1; Olita beat Querita
Vincent. 6-0: Hard Lines beat Lexington, 10-2;
Ills* Skyrocket beat Victor Queen, 6-4; Sleety
Mist beat Tod Sloan. 6-4; Beer Brewer beat
Amarosa, 5-0; Wedsewood beat Vixen, 4-0; Old
Glory beat Shylock Boy, 1S-5; Mountain Beauty
beat Lady Bess. 4-8; Frosty Morn beat Mod
esty. 6-4; Gold Xugg-et beat DaJsy Dale. 4-3;
Bunko Bill beat Aeneaa. 10-3; Flower of Gold,
a bye.
Third round— Admiral Sampson beat Banner
Bright. 4-2; Bad Boy beat Olita, 7-4; Miss Sky
rocket beat Hard Lines. 11-8; Sleety Mist beat
Beer Brewer. 9-7; Wedrewood beat Old Glory.
4-1;. Frosty Morn beat Mountain Beauty. 4-3;
Flower of Gold beat Golden Nugget. 2-0; Bunko
Bill, a bje.
Fourth round-Bad Boy beat Admiral Samp
son. 6-1; Miss Skyrocket beat Sleety Mist J-a -
Wedsewood beat Frosty Morn. 4-0; Flower of
Gold beat Bunko Bill, 8-2.
Fifth round— Bad Boy beat Miss Skyrocket.
4-3: Wedrewood beat Flower of Gold, S-L
Deciding course— Wedtevrood beat Bad Boy,
Put a Heavy Crimp In the
Bolls of the Wise
Sard Lines, Champion of All Seattle,
By Clever Meritorious Work
He Captures Union Park
- Midweek Stake.
WEDGEWOOD RUNS
IN WINNING FORM
Tha Une-up of the freshmen team which
13 to compete with the Stanford freshmen
next Saturday has been definitely settled
on as follows: Center. Phillips; right
guard. Stow; left guard. Hector; right
tackle, Ramsaur; left tackle. Savage;
right end, Williams: left end, Starr (cap
tain); quarter, Rowland; left half. Sher
man; right half. "Whlpple: fullback, Fautz.
A. try-out of the track and field men
will be held Thursday and Friday after
noon at 4:30 o'clock, under the direction
of Track Captain S. M. Walsh. The event*
will be the 100. 220 and 4«> yard dashes,
the half and one mile runs, the high
Jump, broad jump, pole vault-and shot
put The object of the try-out Is to get
the relative ability of tha men and to
finish up the fall training.
The" telegram stated that the Berkelsy
men would rather play Stanford at her
best and that 'they would prefer that
Oe "Witt b« ktpt In th» aquad. Kelly and
Prlngla consider It more sportsmanlike to
have the aides represented by the . best
men possible. Xo answer to th« telegram
has been received.
BERKELEY. Oct 25.— The California
football management has riven Its con
sent to the Stanford management to allow
M. de jyvitt. the crack f reahman half
back, barred on account of professional
ism, to return to the jrridlron. Coach Ad
dlson W. Kelly and Football Captain CX
A. Pringrle telegraphed to Stanford to-day
to that effect.
to Line TJp Thanksgiving;
Day Against the)
Best.
Blue and Gold 2Ieri Say They Want
Berkeley Asks Stanford Not
to Disbar Young
Halfback.
TO HAVE DE WITT
STAY WITH TEAM
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— Imp won iha
Mahopac handicap at tfc.e Empire City
trade to-day. She was giving pound* to
her three) opponents, but was confidently
backed at odds-on. The race was at a
mile and a sixteenth and as usual she
went out to make the running. She fairly
tip-toed her field at the end of seven fur
> longs and came homd alone under wraps.
Burns never moving on her. Kamara and
Belle of Troy alternated in second plac*
to the Btretch. when the latter stopped
and Kamara Just lasted long enough to
get the) plac« by a neck from Oneck
Queen.
The first race went to Unmasked, th^
favorite. Musette, made the runnlnjr to
the stretch, when Unmasked came on ana
won cleverly from Beau Ormonde. f
The second race was a four-horse affa ",
with Dolando at odds on. Olea. the rank
outsider at 15 to 1. won, however, after
having made all the running, giving the
race a bad look. Shaw, on The Amazon,
was the only boy who appeared to ride to
win and he was second, but was dis
qualified for being three pounds over
weight, the boy's explanation being that
he put on a sweater after weighing In.
He was fined $200 and set down for tha
balance of the meeting. The other wln :
ners were Mesaba at 15 to 1. Mocr at a
to 1 and Withers at 6 to 1- The track
was dead and Blow, the weather fine and
the attendance good. Summary:
About six furlonss- Unmasked won. Bean '
Ormonde second, Musetta third. Time. • 1:10^.
One mile and seventy yards— Olea won^ Tba
Amazon second. Dolando third. Time. l:4oS-
The Amazon was disqualified. Dolando placed
second and Alsike third. •
Five and a half furlongs— Mesaba won, Helea
O"C second. Mistress third. Time. l:0S.
Mahopao handicap, one mile and a sixteenth--
Imp won, Kamara second. Oneck Queen third. ;
About 'fix furlongs. aelllns-Moor won, Tal
cos second. Lief Prince third. Time. 1:13.
One mile and seventy yards— Withers woa,
Asqulth second, Watercura third. Time, 1:45^*.
CINCINNATI Oct. 25.— Results at New
port. Weather fine; track fast:
Seven furlongs— Lenox won. Whitenreid aee
ond. TV. G. Welch third. Time, l:t7U,
One mile and fifty yards, selling— Russian
won, Little Tim second, Ferter B third. Time,
1:43.
One mile and fifty yards. Belling— Chantoa
won. Sir Oatlen second, Eleanor Holmes third.
Time. J:*6%.
One mll» and a sixteenth, handicap— Joha
Haisey won, Bohul second, Ida Lcdford third.
Time. l:«*i.
Six furlongs, handicap— KlntTain* won. Trin
ity B«I1 second. Barbara M third. Time, 1:14.
One mil* and fifty yards, selling— Left Bower
won. Peter Duryea second. Etta third. Time,
1:44*:
CHICAGO, Oct. 25.-Track fast; weather
perfect. Results:
Seven furlongs— Royal Victor woa. Tuskaxosa
second. Edith O third. Time, l:2SM.
On* mile— Nathanson won, Dick Furb«r sec
ond. Toleco third. Time, 1:4J J-5.\
Five furlongs, selling— Guess Work won, Rio
da Altar second. Money Muss third. Tima,
1:05 1-5.
One mile — The Unknown won. Ohnat second.
Florizar third. Tune. 1:41 8-5.
Five and a half furlonrs— Goebel woo, Etr
Christopher second, Emma / R third. Time,
1:C3 2-5.
One mile — Astor won. Locust Blossom second.
Dagmar third. Time. 1:41 t-S. ¦»
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 23.-Katle Madden, in,
the third race to-day at Klnloch Park,
was played for a good thing, but failed
to make good. She was backed down
from 10 to 1 to 5 . to 2 and finished back
In the ruck. Merry Day, another good
thing In the fourth race, could do no bet
ter than third.
Four favorites, an outsider and a seo
: ond choice captured the day's card. Rs
sults:
Six furionrs— Glenbow won, Bedner iecoad,
Volkman third. Time, 1:1£'4.
Five and a half furlongs, selling — Ferrol won.
Miss Brambla second, Brlghtle B third. Tlm«.
1:07*.
One mile— Lydia S won, Delsarta second.
Good Night third. Time, 1:4$.
Six furlongs — Theory won. Hllee second.
Merry Day third. Time. 1:14.
Elx furlongs — Dal Keith won, Kl-ri» Del sec
ond, Belle of Elgin third. Time, 1:15.
One mile and three-sixteenths— Judge Stead
man won. Inuendo second, Miss Patron third.
Timei 2:C!.
In the Second Race Olea, a Hank Out
sider, at Odds of 15 to 1, Wins
a Suspicious Looking
Makes All the Running and
Comes Home Alone
IMP EASILY WINS
MAHOPAC STAKE
-. ¦ ¦ ¦ • . - - - ...
THE SAN ERANCISCOGAL.JL, FRIDAY, OGTOJBER 26, 1900.
13
B—TLBOAD TRAVEL.
Fare. Ean Francisco to Summit tad Refira,
NEW TAVERN OF TAilALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Tlc_« siiices, tZl Market st., SftosaUto Ferry.
Leaves Ean Francisco, v_ Sansallto Ferry:
"VTEEK DATS....»:15 a. m.; 1:45 and 4U» n. m.
SUNDAYS 8:00. K>:00. 11:30 and 1J5 p. m
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
The gigantic mass of Jupiter has a
much larger warmth - than that of the
earth. It Is the result of the molecular
movement produced by the compression
of the strata; and must be rreater • the
more powerful the masses, And henc* tha
larper the presiure of th* strftta is.
piter surpasses ine earth In point of mass
207 timps. and for this reaaon the inner
temperature of Individual warmth of the
planet Is probably high enough to evap-
orate the water^upon the surface quickly,
bo • that water' vapor forms • the principal
substance of the ¦¦ atmosphere of Jupiter.
Water vapor Isan excellent reflectorand
readily accounts for the bright radiation
of light , emitted by the i planet — Chicago
Tribuna. . . ¦.
Jupiter Is Warm.
? BAIL_O_D TBAVEL.
•otiTUKKK ruirii: «oJiPAsr.
(PACiric ststuc.)
Train* !•««• aiul »r» Uuu (• »rrl»e at
M!l Flt4>«'I«i:«>.
(Hi!b Una, Foot *f ilar.i't 8tn«t)
Uati — Wnntt Ocioax& 1, I3CX — akkti
*7>««a Benlda, Ssison, Eholn, Visa? HI*.
Bzmaej aud SActamanto. •"!< !> >
BarUett c»rli»t), TVCLasi, £«1
B^i2, Tori—ad... ,. # 7i43»
*7>S0 a U»r:i:,fi. S&n lUiaca, V _!!ejo, S*;»,
\'%'.i»i' jiiBiiSssa V.izi *fil3y
*SiOOa DbT'j, V. coCJiui Ksij-t* L*odag,
M*x>st;:.-. Oio»i.>. .............. "7tt.T»
•Si*** Atlmatio Expresa-Ogdao aad Em* Mas II »
¦i:O«i XUm. Xnej. __ vp, 3toc.U)a *y:I?A
•iiitUA.Stu Jot*. IiTcrstore, Stecktnn,
loos. KasrMiiMito. riaeerrCla
klarrttliie. Caieo, R«d Uliiff •4il3y
•••»O» Ok^ii,;o,Ciii;r»fl. rv.ocr*. CirVri... »«i13r
•«r»«« E-rmCt ?liU* mail W_y S--.iioc*. *I 1:1.1*
*•>(>«- lea Angrlff» Eipraa — al&ninex,
Tncj, Lathroa, Mcxeed
S*resoo med Lcs Asgoies *7il9p
•9:X0_ TaQaK M-rtines „<! Way Stations *0l43»
• !»••»* Tha OterUnH Limited— CjiUb. Ii«i-
»*r. Ouiih*. Chle>C3 -- • *0:4S*
•llt*«A NUas, 3"jocitjn. Haorament*. llea-
doti. Trttoo, Haafotd, vlnl!*.
PerMTTtiie Mill*
•1 lrO«A LtTeraore. 8asjer. Gc_ra Jtuoo.
ttoa. B_*r»CMd.I_ Angeles
•laittOM HajwirJs. Jiilf i «ud VT»y atatlOBS. *5:t1»
tlr»«r _erasi«oto Ulter bMinxn «"S:O»«.
•»<*»f Ktrrards, 5Ues -ad Way SUtiorf. *3i-»5»
*4iO*p Martiiiex, «4j lUmoii, V*Jl*jo,
Kapa, l'»!i«'f.<-», liaiita Qou *Wi IS*
HiM» Btnlcia, Wintos, 9»er»i«i«r.to,
Woillmnj. Kufihta leading.
U>rriTC]«, Oio»UI» M«s43&
MitOr MJft. h_ Jo 3 e»ad Stoektoa *7iJ3f
•8»©»jT_ Owl Limited— Tr*C7, Fteima
Bakenfleld. Saagus for a *nt » iiar-
b«rm. Los Antelea...... *lt):t.i4
•3i**p Blocktoa •wi-lS.
¦9i*»r New OrUaaa Excnas— lUkenAald.
SinU tJirluislutlsfn. V«m-
!sj. £1 Tuo, Now Or!:»cs aad
Rut *7iO»
•BiMrHvvli. KilMkodaaa Jos* 'Mil
1ti*«r Vilitju *iai!Sp
••¦••rOrl«st»I Mail— Oz-Jen. Cbeyuuu.
Omafc*, Cb!ssr> 'llJiSr
••«••? OrtBotal Mxll-Ogiea, Itennr,
Om«h%. Chissr*. MjISp
•T^Op XU~,Tncy, __od. StccJ_a.... «ia:13»
•TsOOr Oi*t,.:i ua LV.:. t.iil i;«;rr_., i.o.
»i.i*Hto. M.r>»,:.:!-. Ua.l.lin(,
l»t*Zr V-llfJo, Pork CcjU snd W»> 8U-
Uooa tll=O«P
COAST DITLHMJ (S.rrow dan).
tToot of Market 3 tree I. >
••jl»*N«w_rlc.C>nt«ir»i,)*..S»aJo»e,Fpitoa.
Boa:JerCreek,8*oUC'rni»ud V»'»»
StttJuLS •« t*w
t«i!3p Sewiuk Centarrille. . _i Jom, N-w
Almaden. Felton, IVoai.lsr Creek,
Santa Cnrs aad VrtaelDal War
Station*..... tt*>.i«t
*• i l.ip Newark. Han Jo«e % Ltw Oatos # 9«-"»Oa
«llt43rHcaun' Exrcrsioa, S_ Jom aai
W»r 3t%tioes X":t29-r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ma SIS niffiiii-fni *f Muiit Iimt ..s-;j !>_
„ .!" 9S£ "" " J:J I1:>
rrta OAtUSS— r M t •¦8(3.1..?.— -«:C0 S.C3 10:00*. a.
t!3:C3 *\:ZZ t2:S3 '3:tt t«:C3 'iZZr.u.
€U«sr PITIMO.l (Broad <;«¦()•;.
(TairJaii* Townsend Sts.)
44k 1*4 Ocean View. South Saa Krandsoo.. T*:»«P
*7i«*A ftau Jo«» ami '7ay Htatluna (Xt«
AlmaUar TVe4i"wdaj* only) •¦>••*•
•••••a Ban Joe, Traa Fluoa. H>nt« Crua,
r»:ii:c Grove, l'uo Rohles, H*a
l.r'.B '. >>•;.»; o. 8ntf, Losipoe aud
l'ri. elf al Way 8Uthin* MilOr
•IOil«» S»a Joa« *nl W«y Htatloaai....... *><S.i4
•I Il3w» S.a Jw *. it l \T«- Sl_:i ,,. a > 9>i3<»r
tai IJr Saa Matao. It«dwn«d. Uralo Park.
Vi'.o i'.u\ 8*2 U Clara, S*a Jos*.
Tres Pisoa, R»nU Cms, Hi'bM,
Ifoateray amt Pmeiflo GroTt Il»t3n 4
t*i**« faa.Tr.»-aii«l Way Btatioua *7iSnp
f«tl3p3anj<»e as* Principal Way8Utia_ •¦J:ia»
?S:OOpS*o J«*. Los Gates aad PriDd^ai
W»]T (Stations.... , U:fl« \
•Ti3«r S*d Jote and fdoelptl \Tij SUtiomi * a !itA«
•«:^»p 5ui,|.«mJ W.jr s-a: . ::• (i.fliH
qll:43r gap Jew <ml Way St-ti»m «~i.TO^
A for Morning. I* ft* A.t Mrnaoa.
• Daily. p t aauda» vxeaptad. : '•u-dir ob'J-
a inradsy i^_U-
CALIFORNIA N08TH¥ESTl_K RY. CO.'
L_S5_ HI
SAN FRAHCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tljjuron Perry. Foot ot Markst St.
EAN FRANCISCO TO 8.4N RATAE—
WEEK DAT5V- 1X3. »:M. ll:C0 a. rx; U:S3.:
1:». 5:13. 1:33 p. a. Tbnrsdaya— Extra trip
ax 11:30 a. _ Saturdays— Extra tr!3* at 1:8>
•3d i:J1 b. ra.
BX.*NDAT&-S:CO. •:». 11.-0* a. m.: 1«X »:SS>».
5:00. 1:20 D. m.
SAN* RAFAEI* TO SAN FRANCISCO.
\V__K DATS— <:ia. 1M\ 9 ». U:19 a. ta.: 12*.*S,
1:40. i:13 p. ta. SaRirdaj-*— Eixtra trip* ai.
1:51 ftird *:S5 o. S3.
SVNDAYS— S:10, 1:40. lin» a. ra.: 1:40. 1:40..
I:C5. 1:23 p. _ _
Between San 7rarsc!ico> and Bctaatxea Paric
same- »ch*d_d as above. { .
Leav* ! In EfTsct. I Arrrrw
¦an Fnucl»et>. [Apr. 15. UOO. 1 Ban Fr-nclaooi j
Wetlc I Sen- I I 8_- I Weei
Days. ( days. | De«_iattc_| daya. | Daja.
7:30 am! 1:00 *mj Xcrrata. 13:40 ia< t:V) ar»
»:» pra »:*> an Petaluma. «:f3 pra;13:S3 am.
1:13 pm! 8:00 prr.J Bacta. Rcwa. T:i3 p_j *T> pnt
Fu'.ton. I
t:JO am TTtndaor. O*4fl aa.
Baaiddbaix. I
Oeyaervllle. I 'L
J:S9p_ %$Q *m Claverdals. MS^m] •:» pr»
T:S3 un} I Hajland I 119:23 anV
»:80 pp| »:C0 am,' and Vklah. | 7.-S3 pm! S:tO pia.
I:M aa l->-~ •— .
1:00 a_ Gnernev_e. T:S p_
8:30 pm I-^PO
T^» ami 1:00 a— ' Sonoir.a »:1Z a_; S:4-) asx
I ) and
1:19 pm, 8:00 pn»i Glen El'en. t:05 pra; t:20 pra.
7:S3a_! 8:09 am! 119:M aa'19:J3 a3s
»:» pmj 8:00 pm| Sebastepol. I 7_ praj l:»0 yra.
Staitea connect at Banta Rc«» for liar* Wesfe
Pprtn«* and Whit* Sulphur Spring*: at Falton,
for Altmria: at Lyttsn for Lyttcn Frrin«s; at
Geyierrllle fcr SX&ges Spiirs?: at CJoverdai*
for the Geysers; at Hopiand for Dcscanj
Spring*. Highland Springs. K«!s«i-ril!e. Carls-
bad Sprrns*, Soda B*y. I— keport and Bartleta
BprinRs; at TTkiah for Vichy Springs. Saratov*.
Bprl=ir», Blue LAkes. Lanrel Dell Lake. Witter*
Springs, Upper Lai*. Porno. Potter Valley*
John Day's, Riverside. UerlsVs. Bttckneil's.!
Panhedrin HeiKhts. Hullvtlle. Ott"* Hot,
Pprtne*. Slemiocino City. Fort Bra«». West—
port. Csal. Wiliits. LaytcnTino. Cuiaai'.ns.'
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsea's. Dyer. ScotlA
and Eureka.
Batcrday to 3Conday ro_d trio tickets al
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trfp tickets to all po!2t»
tevord San Rafael at naif rates.
Ticket effie**. CO Market st. Chronicle b!<!«_'
_ C TV^CnTNG. R. X RTAN.
. Qeneral Slanaxo*. G-a. Pa*a. Af-nU
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausailto F«rry.
Co'nimenc:r.i September 10. 13GS.
FP.OU BAN FRANCISCO TO MHi. VA_t_SJ
i AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEXK DAT5-4:K. *S:li. U:» a. tx. *Uil
'* ___*i * : '4» *< : 1S- *:«*P- nv
JIXTRA TRIPS— For Min VaUey and Paa
Ba.fa«t, ¦ ob MoaJa:.-s. VTe-lii«aday »• a3d 8atusv
day* at l:ro and 11^3 p. m.
yCKT>ATS-n:00. n»:C^, Ilrtt a. _» 1:13£
»:!S. *4U3. l:». 1:00 p. n.
Train* marked (*) run ta San Q-tatln. i
ypoM ban rjLfael to sax yR_Nrc_cot
NV_K DATS-i:H, *t40. 7:4ft. »M a, m 5
"miSi—* 5 - _*>. *5*>. »^0 P. Bl
EXTRA TR— '3 on Moadays. \f*Cze»la.Tt
asd Saturdays at i:43 aad 19:24 p. a.
BCXDATS- <:ao. •3:0a. m XM. ilUi a. ax-
•1:40, n:lS. 4:43. •*&> p. m.
Train* rr.arkel <*) start from fan QgenUa.
rROMjmx VAiiirr to aA>r fkakcisccu"
- WBEKBAtS-5:C. tM> !„, tJSi a. _Ji
n:sa, Via, rso. 4*4, »i2a p. m. j
EXTRA TRTP3 on Von_ys, WedBesAay*)
and Saturday* at T:'5 and 18:19 p. ta. c .
BCKDATS— S»5. 10:05 a. o.. 12^T»_; »_C
1:00. 1:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRATN3.
t-JSS *. ra. week days— Caxitd«ro mm& way itiM
OM
1:45 p. m. BatarsayB— Tomaies H -way ttx*
tVMBS.
S:'JO a. rv Su_Ur»— Totnal-s c=4 nxj •_.
Santa Fe
Trains: — Daily
!«*.?• Uarkjt-street Ferry Depot.
Lve. San Franclsco.l 9:C0 a m;4:10 p mj J:00 p a
Arr. Stockton tl-SO p ns 7:15 p m 11:C5 p na
-i Merced 2:42 pm 1:W a m,
•• Fresno ~ 4:29 p mj ««.»»
•• Vlaalla, '.. «:00 p xn\ *:-2 • —
- Tulare 6:22 p tn. *:W a m
- Hanforf 5:33 pm £:<» a m
- Bakenaeld ... *:Sd P m •:» * »>
•• Denver — 19:C0 a m •
•• Kansas Clty.~ 5:15 p ra
. — Chicago 7:40 am
I a. m. train Is tne Overland Exprea*. Cocre-
¦pondlns train arrive* a: f p. s_ dally.
4:19 p. m. Is Stocktoa LacaL Corraspcndla*
train arrive* 11:C3 a. m. dally. _
100 p. m. 1* Fresno and Baiers2«ld Express.
with Sleepln* Cars toe both cltlesi. Correspc_>
ln«; train arrives at I a. m. dally. _=
OFFICES— «U ilarket st. and In Ftrry Depo*^
Fin TtTI'^^g 01 111S R«>*dw»T. OaOtlaod.
1
JT'.-~^L^ r * Gib&on's Dispensary,
¦ _fl r_3 Hi IS5 * *?¦ « h *|«*a t ment oi Prl vat»
BLU^-Wt? Disease*. Lost ilanhood. D»5!:i:yor
J^^SjW| dl*eaaewearlneon txxlyandmlnaaca
JBSJtftfra I>i*ea»t«. lh* doctor cures whou
Dj_HtjOli| I II Try him. Charge* low.
•T*H>_*Sfi_ »'orf«tnar»nl»1, Callorwrlt*,
On J. i , «x;ui:u>, buj. *g37 t gaa yranoiiLH.
HEAL ESTATE! CITY FOIl S.VLE.
MAKE offer— Lot 2£xS0; 4» J'-anlper St., oS Fol-
•?m, bet. Tenth and Eleventh. Addresa box
£S "C. Call office. -^-o
MODERN houses built; lowest prices: plans and
estimates fnmi_<»d. Campbell. 1147 Mlstloo.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
ACCURATE pere:>r_ kncw;*>eri_«ach cf th»
jnoo ranches en my SALE find EXCHJLNGE-
li«t. M<->re than all other agents in this city. 1
N. P. glCKELS. the land agent. S Geary st. j
$16 y«— PACRIFICE; income fruit ranch near
Hsyw&rcf : fine ltnpts.; offer wanted. Lay- i
mar.ee r.*a,I Estate Co.. 460 Mh et.. Oakland.
HEAL ESTATE TO li.V'JHAMiC
NETS" ccttajre. C rr=s.. bath: lot WxlOO: MJwlon:
r«-nt_ tfrrr*: *r.fl vgfant lots. 418 Keamy gt.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$2250— AUCTION price; finest modern l-room
cottage in Alameda: perfect plumbing: tint
location: 3 blocks from station & high school;
• *-- terms. A. G. Bums. 1'Cl Park. Aiaaaeda.
TOR !^ve*t:r.er.t cr bargains in San Francisco
" real estate call cr write to G. R. DENKE SR.. I
Heal Estate and Builder. 1430 Webster St..
A'.anwia.
EXCHANGE.
FINE coal yard for "rent; s-ultable for milk
d-r'Ot or express cr stables. Apply SCI Cen-
tral ave.. A!m.me<a.
HOUSES TO LET — FL'RMSHED.
LOWER part of house, elegantly furnished;
b<^t location. Tltn Central ave.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELET REAL ESTATE.
2-STO3Y h^use. rr.actel. hath, pastry, large
cloeets, bam. fruit tree*, triadmill and tanks, j
Kooi ii-ell rrater; 2 Mocks fr"tn electHc cars: j
lt-t 50xlV' fe*t: rrtee S".oy>: 1100 cash, balance ;
fid mncthly; this is a er.ap; must be sold. ,
OELLEniCH & PERKINS, Lortn station. I
P»rk»'.ey.
•-ROOM modern ccttajre. ! bay windows. »-foot
basement; well water; barn: fruit trees and j
chicken b/mse; near electric cars; price CS00;
HCO cash, balance til monthly, cr will ex-
c>ar.<r* for irrproved lots. OELLERICH &.
PERKINS. Lcrin ctatlcn. Berkeley.
4 LaHHE bay-win iow modem cottage; 7-foot
basPTT-.ent ; !.~t rixlS3 feet; good *eil ¦water:
tarn; r.'.c» Twer garden; electric cars pass
.d'-'cr; erJy 2 bleu-k? from railmad rtaticn;
rr'ce $1450; 4200 cash, balance fl5 monthly.
W>.v j*j- rent wh~n you ran b-jy & hem* on
•Rich terms' OFX1XRICH & PEKKIXS,
Lrrir station. Berkeley.
tlSOC — JCOft CASH, balance JU per month; must
be- sold at once to aetUe an estate; this prop- j
erty foM for fI2/>; bay-windrm- cottage of 5
r^oics end hfith; r-rlcic foundation: fine man-
tel: rrat!r»-ary tubs; tasetnent all floored:
Eonh fide of street; Vfi f^et to car line and
2 blocks to train. XV. C. MOHAN. Lortn ;
Ttstior. Berkeley.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT— San Pablo ave.. 1
ra:!c* north of Berkeley: floO to KSO per acre;
lots %™ to ?153 each: 15 a month: call for
rr.ars O. W. HAIGHT. 4?1 California gt.. B.F.
OAKLAND- ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
O AKLA\D REAL. ESTATE.
tSiOO— Annual income tTOO: good improvement:
elio^ce central located comer: grand future;
Inciiirbrarc* JSW&; special bargain.
AN ELEGANT CENTRAL HOME.
f 35W— Lakeside district; modern. 10-room; lat-
ent architecture; very complete; large lot; cost
I" '.
A NEW INSTALLMENT HOME.
C2S03 — J2>0 cash; neir 2-etory Colonial 6 rooms;
complete; ntar trains and Broadway.
A CHEAP HOME.
VZ — A bar-wmdow cottage; ." rooms, bath;
•veet inacatfamized; near station; a bargain;
Caick sale wanted.
tZZS> — N"ear 14th and Broadway: neat 5-room
cotiare; renting tT> month; mortgage titt); a
CfT.trally located bargain: see us for choice far-
r*i_. LA VMA.VCE" REAL ESTATE CO..
r'rr** «•'¦:¦-<;; Kighth irt.. Oak1»r.d.
OAKLA.XO HOI >i;> TO LET.
A HANT'POME retlderce cf J rooms, bath, car-
rots, tirn. lawn: 'S3 24th «.. near Grove;
rent !:». inQUirc R. FRJLXKE. 1C2 Grove
»t.. Oakland.
GOOD r.os:s«>s. Get list frcm GEO. W\ AUS-
TIN & CO.. 1CCJ Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND Fl'RSiiTl'RE FOR SALE.
AN l^trnductlcn to you from H. Scbeilhaai, the
furniture dealer. 11th ar.d Frar.klin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR UOL'SEKEEPI.VG.
EDDT. TV— Nicely f amis hed"newly papered
housekeeping rooms; adults; priv. residence.
FIL_ktORE. near Clay— 5 cic? runny fur-
nl*he<! rooms: bath; piano; h:u«»k-f pij£
MAr.KET. nes.r M«j=otj — ; rjnmt. famished.
. folding bed. gas, J10. Call 3!2 Keamy et.
NOE. ITS— 2 cr 3 sur.sy rooms in modern cor.
fiat: iold.us-bed. gas stove: K2: N. Market.
OAK. IIS — I large r-ar!ors. tunny, furnished for
h«=-aiT hou5eki-»jln«; 2 b*ds; 134.
PIERCE. 2IJ-2 cr I furr.Uhed room* for light
bous«'k»er>irg: use cf etove and gas.
POLK. 1Z25 — Tour choic* of t«"o larg# Funny
rooms; iieht hous«-ke*i>inj;.
SACRAilENTO. ISU, bet. Hyde tad Larkin-
Parlor floor. S elegantly furnished ruoay
housekeeping roosis; piano; appreciated if i
TEIIAMA. 4T«. nr. €th-r.2: 3 rooms complete
' r hfmrtVrrpint;; no children.
Tl'KK. 126 — Two furnished runny housekeeping
room*; runnlnc water; closet.
TI'IIK. 7T7— Z Funny unfurnished rocir.s and
k.Tchrn with etove; private family; reasonable.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
n:b*cnptiori» has beea established at lilit
Valencia «t-
ROOMS TO Li;T — Fnrn. and Inforn.
jT-BRUNPtinCK Hou*eT^l«8~6*ix7n^Roorae~:ic
to tl r*r nigJit; Jl S to JS per week, and light
housekeeping: rvj^n all night.
Rl'RNETT. H26 Market (eld No. 13C4)— Fur-
r.ifhed res., suite*, single: also unfurnished.
eFeH. ty> <The ETk)— Changed hands: newly
rer.«vat«>d. n:c*5y farn. euriny nni., II 5^ to fl
we_; 2Sc to fl £» right. MRS. P. RANFT.
FX-'SH. C27— Nicely furnished rosny room to let.
<~KESTNTTT. 231. cor. Dupor.t — Furcished rocr_
for cousekeeping to let; cheap.
CLIFFORD, 204 EUlls, cor. Mason— Handsoaely
furc^hed «u_ty rooms; prices reaaonable.
FOLSOM. tTTSH — Large ceatly furcished room;
every cosve&leace.
GEAET. 405 <The Navarre)— Elegastiy famiihed
rms; suites or rizurie; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN. eouth<_t corner Seventh
and Sllssicn sts.— Sunny rooma, en suit* cr
elngle; laglea* parlor; reading-room; elevator.
I ROOMS furnished complete for housekeep-
lng. Apply SS Crand et.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market et.— Suite of 2 cr S
rrag.; pri\-ate; bath; tin, rmi. ; board optional.
MEW ARLINGTON. 1C1S Market et.— Nicely
fura'.ghed roryms. g a week up: tSc a cay op. '
NORWOOD. €11 Taylor— FnrUehed mite* and I
rooms; privilege cf dining room and kitchen, j
OTARRELL. ?>— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk.. mo. •
. - ¦ — — — — — i
RO5EDALI: House. SIS and 821 Ellis et.— Rooms, j
tight £Sc to Jl. week $1 23 to J4; open night. I
HOTAL Ho=w. 12C Elll« «t-— Incandescent light; I
reading-room, tmokirg-rootn and ladies' par-
lor; room*, per night, 3Sc to Jl 60: week, K to
ii: month. U to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rivxng with hot acd cold water; bathg.
SHERMAN Ax«rtment Hoa«e. 2S Eighth et..
near Market —^Furnished or unfurnished.
EIXTH, 126— Suite cf farnlfhed rooms, eultabJe
- ff>r business; a!»o email room.
ftTTER, near Leavenworth— Attractive newly
furnlehed room; strictly private house; price
moderate: reference*. Addrees box '4104. Call.
BUTTER. ST? — Eunry furnished rooms .for flrst-
cla«« pbytlcian. dentlet or other bn»lnes«.
EUTTER, Stl— Large eunny room; private
family. — . -
TATLOR. 818 — Sunny suite; also runny room
fcr 2 crate; separate beds; rent reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllroore tt.
A ERANCH office far Call advertisement* and
subscription* has been established at 1C54
Valencia st.
~~ IIOOMS WASTED.
t OR > unfurnished rooms for housekeeping;
state location and price. Address box 2»iL
Oil office. ' - .
WANTED-J nnfumlshed rooms; north of Mar-
* scat, east of Gouc;h; rent reasonable. Box
UN, C»U offlce.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
BOARD and rooms at 415 First St.. near Har-
rison. ?
FIRST-CLASS modern family hotel: very runny
rooms; fine table. 1604 California at.
SPECIAL NOTICE?.
BAD tenants ¦ejected for $4: collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
<15 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tri. S5S0.
1:OOMS papered frcm 12 60; whitened Jl up;
pair.ttr.g done. Hartman Paint Co.. 819 Third.
SEWIXfi MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
PEWING machines "repaired at your homa;
drop card to L. J. OWEX, S£l Folsom st.
ALL kinds bought, fold, rented, exchanged: re~
. pairins; lowest rate*; open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles and,
shuttle*; reduced rates. 14a Cth; phone Mint —
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
tced. Charies Plambeck. 1?;S Mission, nr. 15th.
STORAGE A.\D WAREHOUSES.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission it.;
tel. Main 1540; shipping at cut rates.
"WILSON BROS., storage and moving:: covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 76!.
' PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 23C> Fiiimore st-: phone Jackson 2SL
SLOT MACHINES.
1 BOUGHT and sold; new and ceoend hand; large
display; very cheap. S27 Market, room 220.
TVPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARG^IX^lSTrTPEWRITERS^We
tell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. IS. The Typewriter
Exchange. SS6 California; telephone Main 8S4.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. 4 M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery st.
ASSESSMENT XO-TICES.
ASSESSMENT NOTICE— Honolulu Vlantation
Company, location of principal place of busl-
nt«s, ?an Francisco, Cal.— Notice is hereby
j given that at a meeting of the Board of Di-
rectors, held on the JSth day of October. 1800,
I an assessment. Xo. 2. of one (II) dollar p«r
j share was levied upon the capital stock of
the corporation, payable immediately in
United States gold coin, to the secretary at
the offtce cf the company. No. 327 Market at.,
San Francisco, ' Cal.
Any etock upen which this assessment shall
remain ur.pald on the 1st day of December,
1S0C. will be delinquent aad advertised for
Eale at public auctioa. and unless payment
is made before will be eold on Thursday,
the S4th day of December, 1?00. to pay the
delinquent aPFessment, together with the
costs of advertising and expenses cf sale.
E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of Honolulu Plantation Company.
Office located at No. S27 Market St.. San
Francisco, Ca!.
ASSESSMENT NOTICE— Honolulu Sugar Com-
i p&ny, location of principal place of busi-
| r.e«s. San Francisco. Cal.— Notice is hereby
given that at a meeting of the Board of Di-
rectors, held on the ISth day of October,
15C0, an assessment. No. 10. of nine l$S) dol-
Jars per share, was levied upon the capital
stock cf the corporation, payable Immediately
in United States gold coin to the secretary
at the office ot the company, Xo. 337 Market
Ft., San Francfsco. Cal.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid en the 1st day of December,
19C0. will be delinquent and adverti&ed for
sale at pub'.tc auction, end unless payment
is made before will be eold on Thursday,
,the I4th day of December. 1900. to pay the
delinquent assessment, together with the
ccsts of advertising and expenses of sale.
E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary cf Honolulu Sugar Company.
Office located at No. 3T7 Market et., Ean
Francisco. Cal.
DIVIDE.VD .\OTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 110 ' (fifty
cents p»t share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 227 Market et.. on and after Thurs-
day, November I, 1300. Transfer books close
Friday. October 2S. 19M, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MAJSRIAGE LICENSES.
» • ______
Th« following: marriage lice_ei wert issued
yesterday:
Dana C. Stewart. M. S?l EIUs street, and
Edith I_ Mooers, 20. ZZ1 Ellis street.
Jan-.es H. Meyers, 25, 14> Perry street, and
Catharine A. McConnell, 21. 144 Perry street
Harry I_ Hudson, 22. Honolulu, and Ella
Letson. 23, Merced.
Leo Garnnkle. 22, 172 Clara street, and Alex-
andra s;>raF(tf, n. SS Ringrold street.
Henry Neeb, 37, 7P1 Stockton street, and
Marie Kerrigan, S3. 121 Erie street,
Albert A. Hill. 22. iC3 Bush street, and
Amanda J. Carlson, 2. St. Paul. Minn.
John T. Jones, 23. 12L3 Filbert street, and
Lou'.m Magallon, 22. 92S'i Bro»4iray.
Frederick W. Dulfer, 64, 34 Prosper etreet,
and Anna Mueller, 25. 2727 Seventeenth stre*t-
Hercules A. Pclli, 23. 217 Poweli street, and
Elvezla Rccohl. 22. _. Powell street.
BIRTHS— MABffl ABES— DEATH- .
EIrth, marriage and death notices sent fcy
mail will net be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
BOBK.
DE VISCEXZI-In South San Francisco, Oc-
tober IS, 1&00. to the wife of Peter F. d«
Vinceczi, a daughter.
r/OR— In this city. October 9. 1SC0, to th« wife
of Claude L. DOr. a son.
_______
ALEXANDER— DA VIS-In» this city, October
21. 1V^. by Rabbi J*idore Myers. George
Washington Alexander and Birdie Davis.
GREEST\OOI>-CASEJIE.VT-In thi* city. Au-
rutt K, 15*0. by the .Rev. g. D. Hutsinpiller,
W_Iter H. Greenwood and Mary Casement,
both of San Francisco.
LASKIN— FRANKEL— In this city. October 21.
r -.'•. by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Louis La&kln
and Cecelia Frankel.
_ ___
Anderson. Axel W. Olsen. Louis T.
AnsTO, Frank Plymire. Marlon _
Baldwin. Elizabeth Ponce. Maria L.
Baum. Russell G. Pope. William
Boile. Josf ph H. • Ryan, Amelia A. .
Browne. Henry R. Ryan. William
Coulyer. John H. Ryder. Harry J.
Davis. Erena £ali>mon. Jacob _
Feisel, James echallich. Louis
Fickett, Alvus R. ¦ Schrader. Charles.
Fowler. Mary J. Schulz. Wilhelm
Goldman. Jacob Smith. Ellzabth D.
" Hindes. Mary F. Sweeney. Michael
Hunt. Margaret Voyer. Joixn
McGowan. Ann Wahltjulst. Frederick
Maguire, Anna . Wiggers, Harold
Murphy. Hannah'
ANDERSON— In this city. October 24, 1900. Axel
W.. dearly beloved htisband of Hannah A.n-
dereon. father of Elsie H. A. Anderson, and
"' brother cf Gustave A. Anderson and Mrs.
Annie Kar.scn. a native of Guttenberg,
Sweden, aged 37 years and 15 days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 321H Clementina street, between
Fourth and Fifth. Interment Mwint Olivet
Cemetery.
ANSON— In Golden Gate, CaL, October JS. 1900.
Frank, beloved husband of Jennie C. Anson.
father of Frank. Madeline and Jennie Anson,
and brother of John and Harry Ancon. a na-
tive of Ean Francisco, aged 35 years.
CT'Friends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday),' at S :S0 > o'clock, from his late
residence. 3030 Fifty-fifth street. Golden Gate,
Cal.. thence to Third and Townsend streets.
11:30 o'clock train. Interment Holy Croes
Ometery. •
BALDWIN— In this city. Elizabeth S. Baldwin,
widow of the late M. M. Baldwin, mother of
Mrs. Ida Parker, and only sister of Mrs. L>
F. Holtz, a native of Newport. R. L
C_r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Stephen*
Church. Fulton street, near Webster. In-
terment Masonic Ometery.
BAUM— In this city. October 23. 1300, Rus^ll
George, beloved son cf George S. and Estella
G. Baum, a native of Sonora, Tuolumne
County, Cal., aged 6 years 3 months and It
days. ."•¦,
BOGLE— In this city, October 24. 1900, Joseph
H.. beloved husband of Christina R. Bogle,
and father ot Eugene E.. John H. and Charles
M. Bogle, a native of New York City, aged
t» y_rs 2 months and 2S days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fnlly Invited to- attend the ¦funeral this day
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. - Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALHER*.
» Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln School. »
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, I
27 and 2* Fifth st. TH. Boath 167.
IC.VERAL DIRECTORS ASD EXBALXSB?.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
IA»e/\\/OY _ CO.. I
IrCNEKAL DIRECTORS & EMBAUJEM, I
1239 Market ft., between t th and 9th. I
Telephone South 247. " i
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1237 Market street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
BROWXE-in this city. October 24. 1300, Henry
¦ R., eon cf Richard H. and Mary R. Browne,
anil brother of George C, Richard F. and
Joseph B. Browne, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 20 years and 10 ¦ months. .
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the mass this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, at Mission Dolores
Church.
COULYER— In Xapa, October 24. 1S00. John H.
Coulyer, father of Mrs. Julia (Hart) Michel-
son, and father-in-law of A. H. Mlchelson, a
native of England, aged 65 years. •
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this dar
f Friday), at 5:30 o'clock, rrom the parlors ot
* the California Undertaking- Company. 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
DAVIS— In this city. October U. 1300. at her
residence, 2916 Clay street. Erena, wife of A.
H. Davis, and beloved mother of Mrs. F. Q.
II. Bowker, a native of Alaska, aged 43 years.
E7Friends are respectfully invtted to at-
tend the funeral this day TFrlday), at 10
o'clock, . from the Greek Catholic Church.
Powell street, near Filbert.
FETSEL— In this city, October 14, 1900, James,
beloved eon of Frederick T. and th« late Cath-
erine Felsel, and brother of Fred. Edwin,
Walter and Emma Felsel, a native of Ean
Francisco. ,
CE7"The funeral services will take placo
this day (Friday), at t o'clodc, al the family
residence, 14S0 O'Farrell street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. Pleas* omit flow-
ers.
FTCKETT— In thl* city, October IS, im
Alvxs R. Flckett, brother of Mrs. Louise
PlUsbury. a native of Maine, ag-ei 75 years.
FOWLER— In Sacramento, October 12. 1900,
Mary Jane, beloved wlfa of Frank Fowler,
mother of Lillle and Frank Fowler Jr..
daughter of Elizabeth and the late Captain
Israel Ch&moion. and. sister of Mrs. _ H.
Oltman, Mrs. R. , P. Gale and Fred Cham-
pion, a native, of California, aged 37 years I
months and 27 days.
GOLDMAN-In this city. October 23, WCO,
Jacob, beloved husband of Fannte Goldman,
father of Belle. Lillian, Florence, Norine.
Walter and Gerald Goldman, aad brother of
I. W. Goldman, Mrs. B. Wand. Mrs. Simon
* Bachman, Mrs. G. M. Kutz and Mrs. H.
Arendt. a native of Bavaria, aged €3 years 8
months and IS days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from hli late resi-
dence, 4X Franklin street. Interment Horn*
of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
HINDES— In this city. October 25. 1900. Mary
F.. wife of Edward B. Hindes.
HUNT— In the City and County Hoepltal, Oc-
tober Cl, 1S0O, Margaret Hunt, a nativ* of
Ireland, agred t) years.
McGOWAX-In this city. October IS. 1500. Ann
McGowan. a native of Ireland, aged TO years.
C7"nemalns at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 7S7 Mission street.
MAGUIRE— In th« City and County Hospital,
October JS, 19T». Anna Map-uire. a native of
Massachusetts, aced 25 years.
MURPHY— In this city. October 24, 1900, Han-
nah, beloved wife of the late Patrick Mur-
phy, and dearly beloved mother of May Mur-
phy, a native of County Cork. Ireland, aged H
years.
C^Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late residence,
42S4 Fulton street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church for sen-ices. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery-
OLSEN— In this city. October 25. 1900. Polio*
Offlcer Louis T. Oisen, beloved brother of
William Olsen. Mrs. Eoese and Mr*. Wlck-
etrom, a native of Norway, aged E! years
and 3 months. (Chjcaso papers please copy.)
E7" Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
funeral parlors of G&stacnexto & Ravenna,
Ci3 and e*5 Vallejo strleet.
PLTMIRE— In this city, October 25, 1900,
Marion L., infant daughter of H. G. and A.
F. Plymire, a native of San Francisco. &red
13 days.
PONCE— In Pleasanton. October 71. 1300. Maria
T. Ponce, beloved mother of D. F. Bernal,
Mrs. R. Bernal. Mrs. A. L&umelster, Jerbrae,
Fred and Edward Ponce and Mrs. Amador,
a native of Santa Cruz. Cal., aged 61 years
10 months and 10 days.
POPE— In this city, October 25, 1900. William
Pope, beloved brother of Ben. George and
Jake Pope, Mrs. Anna. Brickwedel. Mrs. Meia
Biarobersr, Mn. Lena Hlnck and Mrs. Katf
Haack. a native of Rlnstadt. Germany, aced
62 years.
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
RYAX— An anniversary requiem mass will b«
held at St. Agnes Church, Masonic avenue,
between Oe.k and Pagre etree-ts, at lt> o'clock
this day (Friday), for the repo»e of the soul
of the late Amelia Agnes, beloved wife of
John H. Ryan, and mother of Ruth S., John
H. Jr. and Martha J. Ryan.
RTAK-In Berkeley, October «, 1900, William,
beloved husband of Mary A- Ryan, and father
of W. A. Ryan, a native of Maryland, ag-ed 79
years 9 months and £3 days.
C7Tte funeral will take place from B'nal
B'rlth Hall. 121 Eddy street, Sunday, Octo-
ber 2S, under the auspices of Lincoln Post Xo.
1. G. A. R. Comrades of the Grand Army
and Companions of the Loyal Legion ara re-
quested to attend. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
ar.d Townsend streets. Remains at the par-
lors of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29
Fifth street, Ean Francisco.
RTDER. — In Randsbu rg. Harry J. Ryder,
youngest son of the late C. B. and Ellen T.
Ryder, a native of San Francisco.
CTTCotice of funeral hereafter.
SALOMON— In Ekaguay. Alaska. September SO.
1S00. Jacob L-. beloved husband of Edith Salo-
mon, father of Melville and Arnold Salomon,
and brother of Mrs. A.- MendeUon. Mrs. M.
H. Lichtenstein, M. B. LIchtensteia of Salt
Lake and Eigmund Salomon, a native of Ger-
many, aged 43 years.
C7The funeral will take place this day
<Friday). at 11:30 o'clock, from "Third and
Townsend streets, thence to Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, where services will be held.
oCHALLICH-In this city. October 23, 1S0O.
Louis, dearly beloved husband of Sophie
Echallich, and father of Henry H. and Louis
C. Schallich. a native of Verden. Hanover,
Germany, aged 44 years 2 months and 14 days.
A member of Pacific Lodgre No. 73, U. O. R.
M. ; San Francisco Lodge Xo. L O. d. H. S. f
and Yerba Bu«na Lagtr.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, trom his late resi-
dence, 3C62 Sixteenth street, between Xoe and
Castro streets, thence to Red Men's Hall, alO
Bush street, where services will be held un-
der the au«pices of Pacific Loaee No. 7S, U.
O. R. M.. commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, via electric funeral
car from Fourth and Harrison streets.
SCHRADER— In this city. October 23, 1MX>.
Charles Schrader. father of Charles Schrader
Jr. and Harry Schrader of Chicago, 111., a
native of Germany, aged 59 years.
ECHULZ— In this city, October 25, 1900, Wil-
helm Scha!z, beloved father of William F.
and Charles A. Schulz, a native of Ger-
many, aged €6 years 2 months and 10 days.
A member of Verein Eintracht: Pan Francisco
Lodge No. 1, O. d. H. S., and Triumph Lodge
No. ISO. A. O. U. W.
ICTThe funeral service* will take placs
Sunday. October M, at 2 o'clock, at Verein
Eintracht Hall. 237 Twelfth street, under the
auspices of Verein Eintracht. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. Remains at the parlors
of H. P. Petersen & Co., 228 McAllister street.
SMITH— In San Jose. October 24. 1900, Eliza-
beth D.. wife of the late William Smith, and
beloved mother of Mrs. Laura Delaney, Mrs
Ama Burgoyne, Mrs. May Ironsides and
George Smith, a native of Fredericktown,
Mo., aged 73 years 3 months and 17 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
" of her daughter. Mrs. Laura Delane*. Lin-
coln avenue, San Jose, thence to St. J'oeeph'i
Church, where- a high requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose ot her soul, com-
mencing- at 10 o'clock. Interment Oak Hill
. Cemetery. ¦
EWEENET— In tfci* city. October 25, 1900,
Michael, beloved huaband of Mary Bweeney,
and father of Mrs. D. F. Rajran, Mrs. T.
O'Brien. Mrs. E. Burns, Mrs. M. Miller and
Sophia and Eugen« Bweeney, a nture ¦ of
County Westmeath, Ireland, aged 73 years.
C7"Friends of tbe family are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow (Sat-
" vrday), at S o'clock, from his lata residence.
1615 Pine street, thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, where a solemn requiem mass will b»
celebrated for the repose of -hi* soul, com-
mencing at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ,
VOTER— In this city, October 25. 1900, John
Voyer, a native of Germany, ared 43 years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances ¦ are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Qiaries J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington streat,
under tbe auspices of Court Hubertus No. 15,
F. of A., thence to Third and Townsend
streets to 11:30 o'clock train. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.' -¦
WAHLQUIST— In this city. October 25. ttOO.
Frederick, beloved husband of the late Mary
Wahlquist. and father of William and Chris-
tine Wahlquist and Mrs. W. Haynes. a na-
tive of Hawn. Sweden, aged 70 years and 2
months.
jC7FrIends"and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
October 28, at 1 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Tfceodor Dierki, undertaker, 957
Mission street, between Fifth and Sixth.
where the services will be held under 'the
auspices of Eureka Lodge- No. • 9. K. of P.
WIGGERS— In this city. October 23, 1900, Har-
old, beloved husband of Clara Wiggere, and
dearly beloved father of Mrs. D. W. Spald-
ing and Tillle and Gertrude Wiggers, a na-
tive of Holsteln, Germany,' aged 76 years 10
months and 10 days. (Stockton and Sacra-
mento papers please copy.)
CTRetnalns at the parlors of H. F. Euhr 4
Co., UZ7 Mission, street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Notice of- funeral hereafter." '-¦-.— :FREDERICK HOLLS. PEACE
CONFERENCE -DELEGATE,
SPEAKING FOR' McKINLEY. " i
conduct before Judge Conlan this morn-
Ing.
Thl« ,. favorite ; steamer. / under V command of
Captain Lawless, will sail for Papeete Novem
ber 1st. Hitherto these charming Islands of the
South Seas have been reached by sailing vessels,
requiring ; SO to 40 ; days;: but '1 th« time ot : new
steamship service will be ' 10V4 days. Ask' for
particulars . ot i the , low - excursion ; rat* at ' Ml
The Australia for Tahiti
The case of Ernest Narjot. charged -with
the ; murder of > Joseph - O. A Gleason in
Stanley's grotto, Turk and Taylor streets,
on January 28 last, was, called in 'Judge
Cook's court yesterday.; Narjot failed to
appear and a bench - warrant was Issued
for • his arrest. He was tried ; before t and
ten jurora stood for acquittal and two for
conviction. He was , : released on 51000
bonds, his sureties being Fire Commis
sioner John H. : Grady ; and ' Frank \ Barrls.
a saloon-keeper.* His bonds were .not ,de.
clared forfeited, as the sureties are mak
ing every effort to locate him and bring
him back. . He is ; supposed to be in Los
Angeles. ' . . •"¦-,..-, :*' •¦¦¦¦>
Narjot Fails to Appear.
Timothy Muldowney, 722 Howard street,
secured a warrant from Judge. Fritz yes
terday for the arrest of Harry Davis, a
waiter in a restaurant at 314 O'Farrell
street, on the charge of threats to kill.'
Muldowney was recently married, and
since then Davis, who paid his addresses
to Mrs. Muldowney before she was mar
ried, has been sending them letters,- so
thev say, threatening to kill them unless
they supplied him with money. .
Julius Thurston. who stole to get money
for playing poker, and James Brarman
were convicted by Judge Conlan yesterday
on the charge of petty larceny, for steal
ing articles from Charles Leonard's house
on Third street. Thurston and Ernest
Dayman were convicted on a similar
charge for stealing an overcoat from. the
•Golden West Hotel. They will be sen
tenced to-day. ¦ -.."'• .
David A. Colvllle waa yesterday held to
answer in $5000 bonds by. Judge Cabania*
on a charge of: assault to rob. There '!«
another ' charge of - assault i to murder
against him to be heard. He attempted
to rob John Thompson, and when Frank
Klernan, a bartender, interfered Colville
stabbed him.
¦ ,C.rW. Treadwell," the colored horse
trainer, was held' to answer before the
Muldowney and His Wife.
Harry Davis Threatens to Kill T.
INCIDENTS IN POLICE COURT.
Volunteer Their Services to Amuse
the Invalids— A Fine Pro
gramme Rendered.
The system of entertaining the sick sol
diers with weekly entertainments Inaugu
rated by Colonel Girard at the General
Hospital ¦ at the Presidio has met with
great success. :.
Last night was set apart for the fourth
entertainment, which was furnished by
the members of Division, Number 5,
Ancient Order of Hibernians, under the
management of ¦ President Frank Drady.
The officers and their wives at the Pre
sldlo, with fully 800 invalid soldiers
crowded the mess hall of the hospital, and
showed by prolonged and hearty applause
appreciation of the - following , programme:
• ' Piano solo. Miss K. Galvin; selection; A. O.
H. Quartet; .vocal solo, Mrs. G. Kentzel;'leger
demain, Clarence Petterson; .tenor ' solo, F.
Everson; solo, vocal,- R. G. : Drady; solo, vocal,
M.*.Scanlan;; Chinese ¦. Boxer. Harry Walton;
: cakewalk, , Pearl and * Arthur ¦¦ Hlckman; mono
logue, •• H.V L.. Auerbach;:.IriBh step . dancing
Joseph Kelleher; solo, vocal,*' H.S. Coleman. -
SICK SOLDIEHS ENTEBTAIN
WITH SONG. AND DANCE
Superior Court by Judge Fritz yesterday
on a charge of attempted criminal assault
In , 53000 . bonds. The attempt was made
upon Leonia Maurice, a young girl, near
the Almshouse last Saturday night.
"He left me a year ago." she tearfully
declared, "and just when- 1 had given him
up for lost he suddenly appeared."
The police offlcer who listened to her
story went in search of Fox. ; but," falling
to find him. advised his' battered wife to
swear out a warrant for h}s arrest. .
Yesterday she visited police headquar
ters, accompanied by : Johnson, and swore
to a complaint charging Fox .with.'mali
cious mischief. ,He,was subsequently ar
rested, but was at once released on cash
ball. • . * ¦ .
Fox claims that on seeing Johnson ac
cupying his place at the family hearth he
became insanely jealous and without ask
ing for an explanation proceeded to wreck
the ' house. , . ,. : , \ ;•
- He will be eiven a chance to explain his
' After an absence of a year, William
Percy Fox. who says he Is an "English
gentleman," returned yesterday morning
from a trip to the Antipodes, fully deter
mined to effect a reconciliation with his
wife, whom he had deserted ¦• for another
woman. Going to her humble home at 649
Jessie street. Fox found another man,
whose name is -Charles Johnson, in the
house. Without asking for an explana
tion. Fox deliberately broke the glass In
the two front windows and then started
to demolish the door. -
After he had started to break the win
dows Mrs. Fox, becoming alarmed, bolted
the- front door; thinking that her husband
intended to make her a subject for tho
Coroner. Failing to induce her to open
the door, Fox, with the aid of an ax,
chopped It down. Seeing Johnson In the
room Fox, who seemed to be crazed, pro
ceeded to assault his wife. After knock
ing her down he broke the furniture and
started, to throw the pieces Into the
street. '. , . -
By this- time Johnson mustered up suf
ficient courage to blow, a. police whistle.
A policeman quickly responded' but by
the time he reached the . place Fox was
gone. ¦ ,. . .
According to the offlcer, the place looked
as If It had- been struck by a cyclone
Fox was • found under a mass of
broken furniture, vainly endeavoring to
extricate herself. On being released she
begged that her brutal husband be'ar
rested. • ,-,'.'¦ ,~
After an Absence of a Year
William Fox Returns
to Break Things
COMES HOME LIKE
A SMALL CYCLONE
.Mr. Holla said that New York will give
a majority of 100,000 for McKinley and that
Illinois will do about the same. . Indiana
is debatable ground. West Virginia and
Maryland' are about sure for McKinley.
Congress will be Republican by a fair
working majority. The movement toward
McKinley throughout the East is very
strong. If there was a prospect of a land
slide toward Bryan within- two weeks of
the election, that fact would be known to
some leaders of the Republican party All
that Mr. Holls had talked to were con
fident of the re-election of McKinley. Mr.
Holls had expected to deliver several
political addresses on the coast, but he
nas received a dispatch that calls him
home and he will go as soon as he har.
filled the engagements ,of -the presen*
week.
"There are about fifteen cases ready for
consideration. The arrangement is that
each litigant nation shall appoint, two
judges and the court will appoint the
iifth. The first case to be tried, so I have
heard. Is a controversy between Roumania
and Bulgaria, on account of an island
that was created by the changing of the
course of the river Danube. Interpreta
tions ~of commercial treaties will be con
sidered. President McKinley has recom
mended that the question of damages
owing to the outbreak In China shall be
taken up. If that course is pursued th'e
case will be a Ions: one."
represented by four members: Ex-Presl
dent Harrison and Judge Grey have ac
cepted. Unfortunately ex-President Cleve
land has declined. Organization will be
effected next spring. Indeed. It, has al
ready begun, for a house at The Hague
has been secured.
the work of the conference has been un
done. The proposition is one that requires
time. Tho facts are that twenty-six na
tions have ratified the work of the con
ference and they are appointing their
great men to membership in the court of
arbitration. The United States will be
"The fact that war has been waged
since the conference does not signify that
. "I think that the conference materially
advanced the work of inducing the na
tions to submit differences to the inter
national court of arbitration to be formed.
It : should not be said that we went to
The Hague to abolish war any more than
a sanitary congress proposes to abollsn
disease. Nations will accept or reject me
diation as they think best. What has been
gained Is the consent of all nations of tfce
earth, with the exception of those of Cen
tral and South America, to try the experi
ment of arbitration. The Central and
South American countries were not repre-.
sented at the conference simply because
they had no diplomatic representatives at
St. Petersburg and so they "were not In
vited to participate. :"«\- V ; f
FREDERICK I10LI,S. one of the
American delegates to the Inter
national Peace Conference at
The Hague last year, is at tho
Palace Hotel. He arrived In the
city yesterday, coming from Seattle,
where he attended. to some private busi
ness. He came to the coast to attend to
private affairs az\< also to deliver ad
dresses in favor cf McKinley and Roose
velt. President Wheeler of the Univer
sity of California has invited him to ad
dress the students of the university to
day on the subject of the peace confer
ence, which Invitation he has accepted
and he will speak at Berkeley this fort
noon. This evening he will speak in Met
ropolitan Temple on political issues. Mr.
Holls said last evening: -
Results Expected From Peace Conference at The Hague.
Election of McKinley Seems to Be Well Assured.
AMERICAN DELEGATE HOLLS TELLS
OF PROGRESS TOWARD ARBITRATION
"The priest In politics Is commanded by
God to fight for the right against the
wrong, to struggle for justice against in
justice, to battle for the poor against the
rich; to be the watchman upon the tower,
the sentinel to warn the people of God's
law. And who but the priest shall speu-'t
for that unnumbered multitude who have
no politician to speak for them; who are
pitted in uneven warfare against the
strong and the unmerciful?"
"We. have seen that for ages the
priest is In politics and why. We now ask
is it always expedient for him to be? It
is neither right nor expedient for the
priest to be a partisan. He should not
use his influence to favor candidates or
parties when neither parties nor candi
dates offend, the moral law. The priest
has no right to use his cloth, to say 'we
must stand by our own .people" when he
knows all candidates have a right to fair
ness. . And the priest should be no hunter
of Jobs.
"It is a mean, a despicable thing to ac
cuse a. man of stealing the coppers
from a dead man's eyes. But the mean
est, the most despicable act that a man
can be guilty of Is to accuse a priest, a
minister of God, a man who has given
his labor, his life, his best thought an<l
his best work In the service of his
heavenly master, of Inducing the dying
to bequeath to him their property. And
that has been done in our courts of Jus
tice and the lawyers point to the 'spot on
the alb' aa they sneer at the priest In
politics.
"The priest Is In politics because there
are«not enough" laymen in it. The priest
is in politics because there are wrongs to !
be redressed, because there are solemn
duties to perform. He is in politics to pro
test against offenses which Catholic lay
men, who live by the Catholic church and
on the Catholic church, dare not condemn.
What Catholic layman dare protest
against the injustice of giving to Stanford
University what Is not given to Catholic
schools? What layman dare expose' the
evil of exempting Stanford in Its riches
from taxation and compelling Catholic
schools In their poverty to pay?
"But. it is claimed, the priest is too
high and holy to mix m the dirty busi
ness of politics. Is the priest a peg upon
which to hang a surplice? Is he a mark
for sentimental young ladles to shy em
broidered slippers at? Is he only to givo
that species 1 of spiritual consolation
known as hot air? Is he to be preserved
In a glass case?
"He is a man who must do a man' a
work in a man's way. He must battle for
what he believes to be right; he must
struggle for the downtrodden and the op
pressed, for the weak against the strong,
for the poor against the rich. It is a
mean, a despicable thing to charge a man
with wishing to administer on the
Morgue.
so.. He would be recreant to his God If he
did not. It is claimed that the state shall
make Us 'own laws and the church its
rules. In the United States, where the
state Is founded upon moral law, this'
answer will not hold.
"The Roman empire, was not a gigantic
A. P. A.- written in Latin. It was a tol
erant Government. Christians were not
persecuted because of their religion, but
because they protested against the oath
of allegiance, because they refused to do
what everybody else did, because it was
once more the priest in politics, and the
priest suffered the vengeance of the poli
tician. But principle will triumph over
power and policy, and with Constantino
came the triumph of the Christians. And
with the triumph came new evils. The
priest was not only in politics, he was
the politician, and as Ch'rlst is not Caesar,
so the priest is not the politician. \ A tre
mendous protest arose against the priest
in politics. , Courtier bishops thrived 'and
evils thrived. V ,' '.
"In feudal times the priest. was more
deeply In' politics and louder grew the cry.
The contest was between the church and
the state, each having its own duties
which the other could not perform. Then
came the Protestant reformation, a move
ment political . and not religious, in which
the primary >effort was to cut off from
Catholics that appeal to a power outside
of the. church,: the Pope, ; the greatest
priest fn politics. In Protestantism the
priest is in politics, but' he is a managed
priest, a censored priest, a priest without
power to perform the functions to which
he has been ordained.
"The advocacy of the temporal power of
the Pope is again the priest in politics,
the advocacy of free speech, the demand
of honest priest with no dictating, whis
pering king, emperor or politician. It Is
the demand for a free Pope at liberty to
act and speak within his own dominion.
And such a Pope all Catholics insist upon
having upon the papal throne.
"In all ages; in all lands, you' have the
priest in politics. You have had him *>vcn
here before the United States was a na
tion. You havo had your Father John
Carroll, your Bishop Hughes. And wns
there ever a time In San Francisco when
you didn't havo a priest in politics? They
led blameless lives; they walked well In
the path that God had made for them.
They went out to battle for the right, for
the weak and for the poor and the op
pressed. And yet there have been those
v/ho were priests by accident and poli
ticians by nature.
. "And now has the priest a right to be
in politics? Will we say as a priest, no;
but as a citizen, yes? If a priest wants
to, go to a primary and vote for himself
and some of his friends must he take off
his Roman collar, and leave his priestly
robes In the sacristy? Emphatically, no.
To do so would be uncathollc and cow
ardly. A priest has Influence only as a
priest; he cannot conveniently dividehlm
eelf Into priest and citizen. When a priest
goes out into the world he is a priest. In
politics he is a priest. -Has he a right to
be?
"If the state Is bound by the moral law,
and It Is, then the priest, the exponent of
the moral law, must speak to the state.
He must tell the state as well as the in
dividual Its duty. But must he descend
to particulars? Must he discuss Individual
acts of life? It is his solemn duty to do
i |o»n|IIE REV. FATHER PETER C.
|1 YORKE delivered a lecture last
P nigrht in Metropolitan Hall tb an
J[ audience which crowded the great
edifice to the very doors. In all
his career the eloquent clergyman was
never more brilliant. Time after time the
building thundered with applause. Time
after time he raised his hearers to a tre
mendous pitch of enthusiasm. Again and
again his words received the indorsement
or noisy approval. His theme was time
ly. "The Priest in Politics," and for more
than two hours he made a brilliantly
logical, historical, passidnate plea for the
participation of the priest in political af
fairs.
He insisted that It is a God-Imposed
duTy of the priest to teach the moral
law, to warn against Its transgression, to
expound Its meaning: and to guide the
state to its understanding. At the be
ginning of his lecture he was careful that
the meaning of the word priest, as he
used It, should not be misconstrued.
There Is In society the operation of two
tremendous forces— the religious and the
civil. The exponent of one is the priest,
the representative cf the other is the
statesman. Upon this broad plane
Father Yorke discussed his subject, dem
onstrating that for centuries the priest
has been In politics, then telling 1 why he
must and should be and what ought to
bo the motives of expediency and abso
lute right which should govern his par
ticipation in civil affairs. In conclusion
the speaker applied his principles to
local affairs, discussing and criticizing
Incidents with which thousands of San
Franciscans are familiar. Nor did he
neglect to condemn the abuses of the
power which the priest In politics wields.
, The first part of the lecturer's theme
was historical. He traced the priest in
politics from' the time that Moses stood in
disgrace before the civil authorities until
now, when from lurking shadows and
tongues that are cowardly comes the
sneering charge that the priest is spot
ting his garments, degrading his exalted
station, mingling In the mire of politics
and Interfering in affairs not his own.
"In politics as in religion," he said,
"reason has no place. An epithet in both
is worth a cartload of syllogisms, and
when you shout 'the priest In politics'
you throw a shaft more deadly than all
, argument. If It were a catch cry, if the
priest In politics were harmless* a discus
sion would be idle, but the priest in poli
tics Is a serious matter worthy to be dis
cussed, studied and deeply considered.
"The sneering, mortal cry of 'the priest
In politics" was made to Moses. It was
made to Christ and it has a deep his
torical meaning. Christ died not a martyr
to religion, but to Jingoism, misnamed
patriotism. Against him was raised the
dread cry 'the priest in politics' and he
died. His apostles suffered the same fate.
They were men, the civil authorities said,
who disturb our cities, who jeopardize our
government, who set our people in an up
roar. As long as the apostles remained
in a sphere purely religious they weru
safe. When they left it they died. It ;
was again the priest in politics.
K«v. Father Peter C. Yorke delivered a brilliant lecture last night on "The Priest in Politics." The
reverend gentleman made an eloquent defense of the right of all exponents of the moral law to participate in
civil affairs, of the priest to teach the law to the statesman, to warn, guide, admonish and criticize- In all
ages and all lands this relation of church and state has existed. It is from the time of Moses, the priest in
politics.
Thousands Listen to an Address Replete With Dra
m^tir R pfprpnrp<x pinH r^ritiri^mnf P^QQtnrr
*¦ *¦ 1V--C L.1 A \ v_, l V^ 1 \~, I 1 v^V--O C^.1 1 \Jl V_> 1 1 LI vlu 111 \J 1 i. CloOl 1 i cL
Brilliant Lecture Delivered by Rev.. P. C. Yorke in
Defense of the Participation of Clerics
THE PRIEST AND THE
POLITICIAN IN LIFE
¦ •— -Q--CJ o^xi^i J xt'XJk.iN v^J.P\^U • \jA TjT ij FRIDAY} \JvyXwx>JcuJtC i-o, iyUO«
14
ATnTETtTrTRTTM MR) 'I'M.
Big Sale.
Grey Enameled Ware
Coffee Pota-x quart so eta
Coffee x»ots-3 Pints *4ct»
Rice Rollers 4 Sct«
Tea Kettle— 3 quart 40 cts
Pie Plates .'.Sets
Caps....'. ¦- 6ct«
Dish Pan— xo quart 40 ct*
Soap Disb tacts '
Wash Basin TacU
Tea Pots— x quart S4 cts -
Chambers a 8 eta
Funnels is cts
Dippers i2 cts
ladles _.„. 8 cts
We are Cutting: Prices
all to Pieces During Our
Bl£ Clearance Sale*
Great Affiericarifeortini Tea Go.
no Grant »t*-. bet Snttar and Post eta
»«1 Market «t-. opo. Powell.
SI Market »t-. Junction California.
OUR BRANCH STORES EVERIWUIRB.
...f»OR...
JUDGE OF THESUPERIOR COURT,
UNEXPIRED TERM,
FRANKJ. KERRIGAN,
REGULAR REPUBLICAN NOMtXEB.
DR.MQNULTY:
rrrns wErx-KN'owN and bribable old
.1 Sp»>ctaHst curei Blood Pnlson.KonorrriGBH.Gleet,
s . t ,^ c , t HC'* S( l ml "* 1 Weakness. Imp«>t*nc«-and: their
allied Disorders. HooS on Diseases of Men, free.
OverMvearV.'xper'enctK Terms reasonable. Hoars.
DtoMany.fliTOto^SWK*. Awidnr*,iotn U. Cnniiul-
tatlonfreeand sacredly confidential. Call of addraaa
•" I*. KOHCOB aicXUI/TY. 31. D. .
J>C>i Kearny St., »an Francisco, Gal,
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
: ' Recommended v , by ' physicians. Water always
Clean a "4 warm. Tub deDartment best In city.*
ADVEBTISEMEN TS. - ___
MTU tHJ^^^^Off£JQIJVGS
It's Values Like These That Make Us Bnsy.
LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS, made of best quality
flannelette, striped effect, finished with deep hemmed
flounce, fitted yoke. Note the price 43 C
* Ladies Contemplating the Purchase of Eiderdown
Dressing Sacqnes Kindly Faror Ds With a Call.
LADIES' EIDERDOWN DRESS-
ING JACKETS, just the garment for this
season of the year, made of good quality
eiderdown, fitted back, finished with a
chocheted edge of fine black yarn, all sizes,
colors red, blue and pink. Our price...79°
We Are the Manufacturers.' That's the Reason We Can
Sell Cheaper Than Others. No Middleman's Profit.
I 225 LADIES' SKIRTS, made ot x»
best fast black mercerized Italian cloth, \£\*
graduating .accordeon plaited flounce, JJ'raV
trimmed with narrow niching, extra dust f^j'j&JS^
ruffle. The making alone would cost more jgsSlllSSs}
than we ask for the skirt complete 98 C
Sale at O'Farrell-st. Entrance. *
IT'S TRUE! A DOLLAR CORSET FOR 35c
365 CORSETS, made of best colored batiste, in pink
or blue checked effects, lace tops, double side steels,
rust proof front steels, new French models — small store
I with smallest prices 35 C
fi^L. WD YQD EVER ? NO, YOU NEVER
rcajpt? BOUGHT HOSIERY AT THIS
M$W PRICE BEFORE.
MPtf I W* 8 5 doz - LADIES ' FAST BLACK
//. < Wt ENGLISH COTTON HOSE, the new
f| lace effect so much desired at present*
. 3^ double heels and toes, full length. You
never before bought hose as dainty and
as lasting as these 25° ;
What a Scramble There'll Be for f|* Jl
These Ribbons at This Price!
1450 yards ALL SILK TAFFETA RIB- l^^JP
BON, no better ribbon manufactured at ¦7\^i^
any price, 4^2 jnches wide. Your °V? 0T - -^J^C^
tunity 1 5 C Yard N&?£*s£L
Not Dreams but Solid Values in Oar Knitted Underwear Dept.
OUR UNDERWEAR IS KNIT TO FIT. 1L V^
275 LADIES' COMBINATION SUITS. Onelta style, buttoned over
the shoulders, made of finest Australian wool, steam shrunk, the qual-
ity physicians recommend for the non-penetration of cold, high neck,
long sleeves, ankle length, colors gray and white; we wager that you
can't buy them anywhere else for this price 81. 5O »ult
FACTS, NOT FAKES!
LADIES' ALL SILK TAFFETA WAISTS 82.05
I LADIES HAND INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS 5c each
LADIES' COMBINATION CARD CASE AND PURSE 25c
BEAUTIFIERS. OR VEILING, worth double the money.. 2Sc yard
JUST ITf 6 A n FLANNELETTE GOWN f of! '.'.'.'.'.'.'. '. !4fic
-LADIES* GOWNS, made of good fleeced, striped flannelette, yoke.
effect turn down collars, full length, full width; to see Is to buy at this
price ••••• 49c
JOE ROSENBERG,
816 Market Street,
R UNNDTQ THROUGH TO 11 OTABRELL ST. Mail Orders SolioiteA.
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
*
Delays Are Dangerous!
f+ -* -^\ iVC'Th T0G> CbCL' m
l^^ T^^ — ,— ~J /v*nv\ J^w*?? vertise special?
WilP nlW W ill' n Wmw the 'p uhlioknow
iW '\»' ¦ j\— i— f f/l — A v —^jSv — v-/lJ\ —^fS~/ Tivtans thehigh-
\k jy L~ — / '. est grade nver-
iLjOtTSrwL/^**"* 1^ '• ch (indite —t he
>»fjc^ij8^P«[af most fashiona-
' ble garments a*
lr^? l &Sfev? !a *~~ :v^3fev' about half re g-
I W&?5n|§f5* *f* ular price s.
l^^Sfi^lwi^L ** ft'* \± They come out
j^B^^^^^» True
\l^^^^ V^>^X Full winter
v&%%A \^v^7 weight — t r i e d
xyw/ffl \y%'!/ an<^ irU6 an^
\vP§^f \V%gjj always found
\ fK&sj Kit^ *° rcTrba i- 11 ' True
afcHs HHS Blue for boys
1^ P^lr between t h c
Er^Sf ' Esiib^ ages of S and
f&n Ifcjpf J\"or canrtvm-
|jpj[ IsSf &!/ buy a serge
Bar K;~5 suit as good "•«?
ff| \^[ ours under 67.
K r |i hij These high-
/y/"i\ lllljA class dress suits
v<^rv23H \H^V) f or b°'J s will be
83.50 TRUE BLUE SERGE.
a^ That *
%^^^^^^ vUdl
A v Opposite
/AYCLL JT . Is One of the
smartest,
{j^a^jjj^^|i« f ftr d ov<;
r, tt~ : '-IV jn'jjl M|{|.yffiPah Bet iv em the
LJ^ir^JOT|gn|^|l^yW} a $e* °f 7 and
I*' high-grade
'" : i^^WJ Scotch Chevl-
¦' ¦- • f^lif R§ii?y new and nobby
tri!? illpf colorings. Noth-
Lsi$r Us© *" '^ v towjt can
**^2 He* approach it at
$§] *Eu double the price
>&O ta w& quote and
V~\ that is
63.98— THE LONGKOTE.
0£& UX'ON SquAPC AyC