THE BAD
BOY
GIVES THE
GROCERY
MAN A
TALK ON
GAMBLING
Copyright. 1DOO, by Prssa Publishing: Company, niw,
York World — All rights reserved. '
NOW % look-a-herc. said the old groceryman as he sat by
the stove smoking a dricd-up cigar that the wrapper
had broken off and curled up, and he had licked it
with his tongue and got the wrapper to lie quiet while 1
he filled the air of the grocery with two-for-a-nickcl incense, j
as the crown-up Bad Boy came in dressed in n natty cuU- I
way mat, with a bunch of violets in his buttonhole, "we
might as well come, to an understanding first as iast. What j
this community wants to know is where and how have 'you \
made this money that you arc blowing in around this 'ere j
town." and the old man looked stern as an inquisitor as he j
ran his tongue again around the desiccated cigar to hold |
the wrapper to it r- work.*
"Oh. you want r.ie to <jo*ifcsT to some j: crime, do you?" '
paid the big boy. as he 611c"u his. lungs with the odor of the i
Imrncd cabbage leaf and -coughed and opened the door toy
purify the nir. "Well. it's. .i':obody's business" where I got j
nw_nmrjeyji5 io;ig as [ didn't, steal it." . . . -J- . ' '¦
"\\\ ¦!}. that is the qucstioi," said the old man. wetting his
finger and putting out the conflagration that had broken out
on one side of the cigar and was rapidly working its way
toward his" mouth. "We. had a mcetirrg nf trustees of the j
church after the collection was taken up last Sunday," and
thfy foxtnd a $20 bill in the. collection plate, which was I
tracer! tc yon," and the old i^ati looked sharply at the Ba-1 1
Boy to sec if he w*s "going ir. d**ny it. "We turned th? bill |
over to one of the trust*-?? who is a banker, and he had to i
confess that it was a good bill, but such a thing never hap- i
period in the church before, and after the minister pot over
being faint he insisted that the money had a bad smell about I
it 3? though it was crooked money. He said from what he
knew of you in the old. days' he suspected you had made it !
3'ourself. Be you in the preen-goods Hne? A man in New . I
York once wrote me that for a hundred v dollars in spot cash
he would send me ten thousand dollars' worth of money
•that jou ccuidn't 'ell from genuine. You see that box* of
sawdust down there Under the stove that I use for a spit
box? Well, by" gosh! that is all I got for my hundred
dollars. .How do I jknow but you are the fell.ow that got my
hundred dollars?" f
"Ah, ha!" said the boy as he pulled off his gloves and put
them it> the breast pocket of his coat so the tinger-tip5
stuck out, "so'yqu tried to get ten thousand dollars in coun
terfeit money to spend here among the neighbors, and you
got sawdust, .while I come here with good money thatr I"
earned and try to spend it like a gentleman, and I: get it xn
the neck," and the big boy took out a piece of paper, some
tobacco, rolied a. cigarette, lit it, smoked V minute, and con- 1
tinued: "If I had remaiq^d here in-this town after being a j
tough boy, against whom'eA'ery hand Was turned, taken a
job driving a delivery wagon and reformed, it would have
taken me the balance of my life to convince the people that
I had enjoyed a change of heart, but you would have said in
time that I was all right, but would bear watching. I re
member that old minister. You s remember when us boys
put the softsoap on the steps of our house when he was
making a call, and how he slipped'when he went out and slid
on the basement of his black Sunday trousers clear out on
the sidewalk? He said at that time that only his feelings and
trousers were hurt, but I think now. that his spine was (in
jured, and that he is, a regular Indian, who never forgets,
and that he has laid that softsoap up against meV all ..these
years. But you tell the trustees that .; they "'"-/ nceHn^t : : worry
about the money, as I made it perfectly square, speculating
in stocks, promoting trusts, forming syndicates, developing
mines and (telling; them, plotting; additions to towns and sell
ing lots to people who never saw them, engineering corners
\n Wall street and"—
"Gambling! every con darn one of 'cm!" said the old
groceryman as he threw the cigar stub into the box of saw
dust and got up to walk the floor. "You are one of' those
manipulators, eh?" and he shook his fist in the ".face of the
young man.
"Oh, I don't know," said the Bad Boy. as he lit another
cigarette. Xou buy canned corn cheap in the summer.
knowing you can sell it at a big advance in the winter. , You
lay in a stock of sugar in the spring, knowing when the time
comes to preserve fruit that it will be scarce and you can put
up the price. I look around the country, in the summer at'
the crops and I am satisfied the railroads are jroine^to be;
troubled to house the crops, and I feel that railroad -stocks
are a good thing, so I buy stocks for a rise, and vou and. I
both make money on. our judgment. .You make a hundred
dollars and I make a hundred thousand. You arc a -small
tin-horn gambler, While I am a king-pin gambler. You put
poor quarter, of a dollar in the collection plate and nobody
kicks; I put my twenty dollars in and everybody kicks.
Say, don't- you know that every man who does business is
a gambler? If we guess right we are possessed of great
heads, apd they say we are smart; but if your sugar and
canned corn and my railroad stocks go" down, arid we lose
and have to bust ur> in business.^they say it is all on account
of gambling. Oh, you make me tired, you old canned-coni
gambler, you," and the boy slapped his old friend on the
back until he saw stars.
'.-. "Well. ¦ niebbe you are right," said the old man. as he
thought it over, "bu t, my gosh! if I. were yoii I would p»**
money hi the collection plata In sort of Installments, because
«iomc of those deacons may be bubject to heart disease, and
i:' one of them drops dead'at sight of a $20- bill you may bq
arres>ed for murder. So I; guess we better suspend the ar-.
Kumcnt about how we make our money. Money is a tcood
deal like the Kentucky colonel described whisky. He »aid
all whisky was good, but some whisky was better than
others. Money that is earned .by hard work- is trood, but -
money, that is earned by the exercise of the brain is better,
if there is more of it, eh, boy?"
"Speakine of bills, I remember once, years ago, dad had,
a bill against a little Irishman that he couldn't collect by
any ordinary methods, and one day when dad was kicking
about the twenty dollars that he Was shy, I asked him why
he didn't jro to the man and tell him if he didn't pay the.
money he would take it out of his hide. / I told him the*
Irishman was a little fellow, with only one lunjj, and that I
knew he hadn't sand enough to fight; 'arid if dad went right
after him? with' blood in his eye he would get his money all ,
rijiht. Well, after dad had got me^to^say!r.itiaKain,>that,the : :
¦h islunan wouUhvt' tight,- he- said 'his/ would go"*and collect '
hi«s money, and lie went off^ looking aulfflity,. bra ve^'and, told
me ,to)be.home Jmaboutian hour andih*e would show me tha
money;'. 1 t- wasn't 'uore than fifteen minutes" before " I saw
dad coming back — on the installment plan, rfe had left his
coat and vest down at the Irishman's house and a coat waa
eating his straw hat, while one leg of his trousers had been
rhewed off bv a dog, and dad had his shirt torn at ths
bosom and the sleeve, his collar and necktie was in his hand,
his nose was bleeding, his eyes were blackened and he had
one hand on the small of his back, "where the goat had kicked
him with- his head, arwi he looked meek and lowly. 'Did
you get the nioney, dad?' I asked him.
"'No. but I got my money's worth/ said dad.
• "'Could the ; Irishman fight, dad?' I asked him.
"Oh. I could have whipped him all right.' said dad,
'nnly^iis wife, a great big washerwoman, jumped on me
and throwed me down and sat on me, and the. dog*bit ma
and the" coat butted me, and when the whole family had got .
on top of me that Irishman didn't do a thing to* me. <He" is
welcome tothe $20. by gosh!' said dad. 'but you come out
in the "woodshed and I will take a barrel stave and teach
you better than to advise me to collect money of an Irish
man by fj gluing ¦ for it !' " : ;{ ¦
/'Did thei.old man punish you for steering him on to thai
fight?" asked the grocerymanV laughing.
"Did he! Well, I can just about feel, that barrel stavi
nowl" said the Biar Bad Boy. * •¦ ¦• V
: "I believe it, by ginger!" said the groceryman.
"Well.. you had better. And I wouldn't like to get many
more like that. I can't seem to sober, down, however, even -
at my advanced age, and I think this town ' is >too small fo»
us. so I've made up my. mind that you and Tare. going tc
get out right away." ' ¦ .; '' • . --¦"
"Me!" said the old groceryman. "I can't -leave here
Who'd look after the, grocery?"
, "You needn't botheY about' that," said the boy, laugh
ing at the cat. which was jumping about like a ballet, dancer,
with four walnut shells on her paws which the boy had put
on fn the last five minutes.
"You don't own the grocery anymore."
'"WhatJ" exclaimed the old rosn, Jumping to his feet and'
rubbing his left hand where the cat had scratched .him in
gratitude for having relieved her of one of the walnut sheila.
"Let me tell you. young rnaji, 'tliat'I don't owe a penny,qn
this establishment, from that popcorn on the rafter- to the
codfish in the cellar. It's all mine."
"That was this morning," said. the' boy; "You don't own
the crocery any more,, because I : just sold it at auction while
you were out attending the funeral of one of your best cash
customers. Here is the money,", and! he handed the' old
man atroll of bills that looked like the pads on a football
player's shoulder. . / r}\ '1VV:4-
The groceryirian looked aghast. "Why," said he, after
a glance at the money, ."there's $3000 here, : I can't take it.
The old store ain't 'worth five hundred."/ ¦']¦">
The Bad Boy laughed. "Fools fly in the face of Prori
dence," hesaid. "and I don't think.you're a fool entirely,
although you .'generally have acted like one 'since I've known
you. Still I guess you had better/ give me the money; it
is not safe in your hands. But from now on I am your bow,
and you go where I say.",
"If that's- so we'll go to •— — —'* said-the groceryman.
"Np," laughed the boy, "not quite so bad as that; only to
New York", and we start for there to-morrow ] morning at
'. 6:30. You go and buyj a . handful of ... diamonds and the
sweHestsuit. you can for the money and meet me at the rta'-v
tion- ten 'minutes b€fOTe*theXimite4'lcay<»,:and don't Ret
sandbagged over, night .You want to save that for New
York. Good night; 1 >•* I've ; got to go out and say srood-by
to all the ministers in town. They'll be »ony to have ms
• Fiv« minutes later he was standing on the corner watch
ing the old man, who stood in front of the store mtzinsc
sadly at the old erocery as the new proprietor moved in,
taking , furtive ¦glances at the: roU-of bills which the Bad
Boy had given him and thinking of all the fun .that was in
store for, him.- Little did he dream of > what- was Koinjr -to
happen in the next few weeks. "
W. PECK.THIS'ii- consumes 'a deceptive topi*.
The discussion of amusements is
not always amusing. Even people
who are very amusing in public are
eornetlme* far otherwise in private. A
celebrated professional buttoon -once said,
"I'm Grlm-aJ-di'to make you laugh at
r.!ght." It vas a grim pun for a man to
rsake upon. Ji!s own name, and no doubt
It Ti-rung a bitter truth out of the pun
ster's own patned experience. How little
the gay crowd assembled in theater ¦ or
concert hall thinks of the cost of its
laurhter «nd dellgtit— the. co«t to the per
formers, that is, in preparatory toil or
ccziEeQuent pain, headache, heartache.
ruppression, sacrifice! Then how often it
happens that the fun cf the Junior* mean*
tgony to their seniors, as when the fun
leads to exce* ees and degenerates to vice
ca the part of. the young, despfte the re
monstrance and entreaties of the eld folks
tit home. It is one of the incontroverti
ble fact* of experience that a large pro
portion of the griefs of after life are the
inevitable harvest following the mistaken
or excessive pursuit of amusements in
earlier year*. . .
But mistaken or excessive indulgence in
eny of the interests of life is one thing
and the question of the legitimacy of
Those Interests Is Quite another affair.
Happily the view of amusements taken
by the Puritans is largely a thing of the
past. They eschewed sensuous pleasures
In obefiienc© to the idea that it was their
religious duty to modify "fleshly lusts
ivfcich war tgainst the soul." Possibly,
• too, if the truth were known, their an
'tipathy to physical delights was intensi
fied by yet another cause. In the heroic
period of Puritanism the Puritan was
•practically identical with the Roundhead,
ftrhose moral and social antithesis was
¦the gay Cavalier. The mutual antipathy
of these two vras a hearty and an all
¦round business, bearing as much of a re
ligious as of a political complexion, the
ascetic Puritan being the saint and the
jbon vivant Cavalier being the sinner.
l"VVhat the one did the other avoided, and
nrhat the one loved the other loathed.
The Puritan idea of life is virtually ob
eolete among Protestants, and therefore
the asceticism which characterized Puri
tan customs has largeiy disappeared from
•eociety. Old hard and fast lines between
things secular and religious are rapidly
beins" effaced by modern, movements of
religious truth, and the antiquated fiction
that the pleasures cf sense are necessarily
sinful only lingers in dark corners. It is
ro doubt better bo, even though; tho
tradition from the old to the new may be
fravjrht with Eome perils. The human or
ganism, however complex, is all one, and
Its interests, sensibilities, emotions— in
short, all its multiform parts and quali
ties—are naturally and inseparably inter
twined. It i« coming to be realized as It
Rover was before that the came Gcd who
made the eoul made the body also— that it
Is a false view of the harmony of nature
¦which Bets up a necessary antagonism
between the two-ar.d that the true policy
cf religious progress is to treat the ma
terial part of our nature as the handmaid
of the spiritual, rather than to set the
eplritual to Bnub and crush our physical
sensibilities. For some purposes a key
Is a better Implement than a crowbar,
end there are forces of nature that can
be better subdued by being harnessed
than by being resisted or defied. In !me
with this general view of things It Is
deemed that material pleasures In the
thape of occasional or periodical amuse
ments may be made to aid rather than to
hinder the progress In well-being: of our
entire nature, body and souL . ;;V, *
The functions of amusement change
with the years of those who have re
course to its beneficent offices. To tho
young its various agencies are so many
methods of expression for superfluous
physical energy and exuberant animal
spirits; to those who are passing through
the more sedate stages of life It affords
relief; from the stress of business and the
strain of care. In early life therefore Its
modes'of expression are apt to.be spon
taneous . and natural, and in after years
its appliances tend to become more or
less artificial, but in each case. where the
•purpose is good the results are beneficent
; In proportion as excesses nre avoided.
•The day has gone by 'for prohibiting, say,
; chess "and whist to ; the older : folks at
home while commending .the pastimes of
marble, top and ball among" the ' children
outside. There la no moral code .confining
rational forma of recreation and diver-
slon to any clas3, agre or condition of life.
; ; But -parallels between ; the pastimes of
youth and thosa of maturity will bear
watching; ; For example, such trials of
speed, : : strength, skill and endurance
unong boys -, as racing, wrestling and the
like, are ¦ legitimate enough because they
are not necessarily demoralising in their
effects. But there are "contests 'between
men" which cannot be placed in the same
category. Coursing, horse-racing' and
boxing may, perhaps, be literally classed
as pastimes, but "the turf represents
an outlawed pastime because of its con
nection with gambling, while r "the ring"
is doubly* outlawed by • the same connec
tion added to Its Intrinsic brutality. More
over "the ring" * and "the turf are not
lesltlmata n,astime» In any trua and
tl»t win probably be true even" in the
millennium, when artistic taste and moral
preference may ce .more nearly uniform
than they are now.
The blending of^uslc. motion and so
c.al intercourse tn\he dance is a-peren
nial source of .enjoyment to the young
In; various forms lfis of world-Vide popu
larity, and about >s old ai the " history
of the race. To the moralist the dance
an?* °, !n! m ° st of subjects.
and yet. like the' making. of 'books, it is
one of, those things to which "there is
no, end. The Puritans renounced It. but
to the descendants of the Puritans there
seems no Inherent evil in It. but rather
the reverse. This is partly because our
standards of judgment regarding the rela
tions of the spiritual and the material in
human nature have changed, and partly
because, with the spread of enlighten
ment, the world has grown better. The
incidental evils connected with dancing
however, are much the same as they al
ways have been, and they require to be
to, "Keep the stage clean." A play reea
«iot be dull in order to be free from Im
pure suggestions ; there are popular the
aters in this city whose record proves
this.
The moral aspects of amusements ara
simpler and more pleasant to contemplate
than they were to our ancestors. "We ara
about to enter upon a century In which
It will not be a sin to sing or whistle or
dance or go to a theater; a century In
which, on the religious side of life, men
will learn to train the forces of tho
n>shly nature to subserve the purposes
of the spiritual, rather than to continue
to fight and mortify the flesh as the foo
of the spirit. On the other hand, many
of the same old perils remain, among
them the radical one of allowing minor
matters to gain the upper hand over *U3.
Whatever agency of amusement may
please us best we should be able to put
it aside at will in favor of the serious pur
suits of life— those pursuits physical. In
tellectual and spiritual which constituta
life's malnbuslness. "When music, danc
ing, theater going, card playing, smok
ing, drinking or any other of the various
asides of life becomes a passion or a
ruling habit the result is evil, not good.
An essential quality of true manhood La
self-control.
terfelt of all those wholesome amuse
ments to which men, women and children
of healthy moral natures resort for casual
change and' recreation.
Xcxt in order come the dance, the con
cert ar.d. the play as forms of amuse
ment. v:hlch vary in their moral aspects
nnd effects. And in this connection it is
impc??ibic to quite ignore those passing
absurdities, the coon song and the cake-
V.-.T.11;. The present popularity of cak~e-
v.-aJks and cocn songs Is .deemed by some
to be a: Men of depraved moral instincts
on : the part of the lower orders of society.
But Is I the case quite as bad as ,some
critics imagine? "Would it not.be more
correct' to regard the fancy in Question
cs a sort of .passing joke? I claim no in
fallibility of judgment in-such things, but
I would rather laugh this matter off than
take.lt too seriously.; Uke comic songs,
unless they are dirty, the coon song and
the I Cakewalk may be taken as mere
amusements by those to whom they ap
peal. Tfo you and me, let us say.- they are
frivolous or silly, but to many others
they are funny, and, therefore, amusing.
It takes many sorts to make a world, and
guarded! against with Juit" as "much" vigi
lance in this city as elseiwnere. PJght
here the guardianship of parents over
their children Is liable to be seriously at
fault. Promiscuous intercourse ©f young
people, whether In dancing academies, or
at dances' held under the aegis of this or
that fociety, is ever a thing of peril, and
In this way the Innocent love of dancing
leads- to the ruin of many a. young life.
The devil in the guise of the sensualist
and the seducer Is ever prowiteg around
seeking whom he may. devour, and if re
port be trne, some of the fathers and
mothers of this city cannot be too wisely
watchful' OTer their girls— end their boys.
The Scarlet Woman has not been alto
gether Improved either on or off the face
of the earth.- neither have. all Incipient or
developed demons of the • Durrani typo
been hanged yet.
For adults certainly, the 'most popular.
as well as the most folly -and variously
discussed of all eocial forms of amuse
ment. Is the play; "but Its popularity
springs in part, of course, from other
reasons than its amusing Qualities. Such
"brief allusion as can be made to It here,
however, must be confined to the play
as an agency of public amusement. When
so regarded is Its Influence rood, bad or
Indifferent? This Question can only be.
answered approximately and in the light
of varying- considerations. „ The Puritans
transmitted their utrons dislike of _ the
play, together with: their religious procliv
ities and habits, to their English-speaking
descendants, so that even to this day it
is in some quarters an ecclesiastical of
fense for a church member to visit a
theater. Quite recently, however, when
"The 'Wnltefrlars Club," in London, dis
cussed the question, "Ha3 th© iloder.i
Stage Helped Public Morality?' the most
unqualified approval of the. stage was
uttered by the chairman of the meeting,
a prominent clergyman. This fact speaks
volumes, testifying alike to the improved
spirit of the stage and the modified at
titude of the church. On the side of the
church must be reckoned the widespread
change of sentiment referred to above,
and* on the part of the stage a general
abandonment of the cheap cynicism and
Impure suggestion which were formerly
but too common. In favor of wholesome
sentiment and clean humor. Both
changes are in the right direction, but
they are as yet Incomplete, and that be
cause of faults on both sides. Some day,
perhaps, dramatic Incidents and events
of Bible history may be frankly represent
ed on the stage, on a smaller scale, of
course, than has been done at Oberam
mergau. without arousing in the publla
mind any widespread sense of Incongru
ity. But whether the approach to that
day shall be slow or swift mu3t depend
largely upon play-writers, managers an I
the theatrical profession generally. Xobla
sentiments can be best expressed by noble
souls, and In proportion as such souls
take hold of the stage they will purge It
of drivel - and fustian and dirt. Thera Is
ample living proof of this. Not only can
the play-going public of to-day appreciate
.what is good (the good in morals that la),
but It prefers the good to the bad. Some
theatrical managers and proprietors have
the sense to discern how steadily and
surety the public taste has advanced In
this respect in recent years, and they keep
full houses and a wholesome reputation.
It is the few, not the many, who like tha
flavor of game that is "high." Host peo
ple as" thoroughly objec^to taint in their
amusements as In their meat, and tha
time has come when it will pay the the
atrical profession to look well to the mot-
HKHUBHE
worthy sense. < They certainly are not
commonly resorted" to by Vay.of relief
from the strain and stress of business and
care, on the part of people who usually
live livens that ftre conducive to the gen
eral well-being. . On the contrary, they
are too often "promoted" by an unholy
alliance between the Booty scum and the
flirty dregs of society. -Thera may be an
accidental difference, but- there ls : a very
essential affinity .between the man of no
morals with nn empty head and . a full
purse and the same kind of a man en
dowed with an empty, purse and a. rooted
disinclination for honest work. This alli
ance,; under : the euphonious title' of
'.'sportlne life," Is not bnly.;.a perpetual
peril,; but it is an ever-present, fretting,
festering curse to society. The allure
ment wb'Vh It affords. Is the hellish coun-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS
2to me, 'Tatrlce, yon mustn't wave your
arms around that way on the street 'and'
- In - the cars. You attract more .attention
than an antcmobila In Gllroy. Keep still,
for goodness'.; sake."
I suppose I should, btrt I cant do it to
rffave my neck. I can't keep still. My
body talks when I do and -it always has
done bo and It always will.
The people who try to learn gestures
and poses— well, you know, how; they aoo
ceed." They" thump their chests at regular
Intervals,*'-, they clasp ; th«lr ; hearts ; at ' th«
"correct" time i If they, remember thsir cu«,
but. often fenon'sh' they .rafsa It,'- How, can
the gesture suit the word when they don't
think - of ¦ what - the word mean*? • And '. the
Is only another, kind of talk-
LJ' tog.
JT^ It 53 talking with the body. Is
there any reason why your tongue
should nave things all its own way?
Not but that they must agree, tns
trngue and the body. I've seen a woman
fleclaixa "The tinkling brooks, the soaring
birds," pointing out with one hand £he
birds scaring on the ground, while she
indicated with the other water running
up *»n? If you stop to think about it,
that doesn't seem realistic. . ...
WHAT PATRICE
HERSELF
HAS TO SAY.'
"Yes," reflected Patrice, cuddling
fcerself in her three-hundred-and
twenty-five-dollar dressing gown; "I
eee that one can succeed either way,
but it takes longer to succeed on.
straight lines than en curves."
SABAH COMSTOCK.
I don't believe that graceful motions can
be taught to one naturally awkward.'
Grace may be cultivated, brought out.
but Jl must have been there originally. It
can't be taught out and out. And one who
is endowed with It will need little teach
ing. I never had a dancing lesson— nor
listened to a Delsarte lecture— nor pranced
through scheduled exercises. I posed al<
ways as unconsciously as I talked and
gesture followed thought. Instead of
thought following gesture. I can't help
talking with my arms and body. To be
deprived of the right would be to me to
be, struck dumb. People ' sometimes say
X' model, or one who makes an art of
posing, must, to be sure,. have a shapely
form cr there could not be beauty in her
poses. But the form is only part of the
Pose. - ,;
Thought, emotion, artistic taste and in
tensity—all these must direct the motions
of the form if- they are to be graceful.
Would you smile gleefully when saying
"Poor grandmother died last week." or
frown like Jove when exclaiming "How
jolly to go on a picnic?" These are no
more absurd cases than the gestures that
bear no relation to the Idea.
Many a woman with well-rounded figure
and natural grace of motion fancies that
she is fully equipped to pose. She could
be an artist's model, she is sure, or an
actre?s. As if the body alone could be
beautiful without the inspiration of u
m'nd behind it!
The motions of the body express
thoughts just as the expression of the
face does. If I think of tinkling brooks
I don't wave a hand in the air. The wo
man who does It proves that she is not
really thinking: at all— or at any rate, not
of her subject. She may perhaps bo
tUnking that ?he is showing a good view
of her arm. She may be admiring' its'
curves as she waves It. But her audience
Is not. They realize well enough "that
she lacks intelligence, which is at the
bottom of all good posing, after all.
- When Luna discovers that Sweet Pud
has bewitched her she grows for the mo
ment reflective la her admiration. Is it
"Never iay good-by!" The intensest
emotion fills the mind here and must find
utterance through face and body as well
as lip*. There 1 la a oombhsation of plead.
ing and command,
"And- thou dost rot love me?" -There
Is i despair in ; the ¦ thought. :• No ' ranting
nor raving, only abject hopelessness., help
lessness.'-The arms 'fair back In surrender
of hope. -•- ..'.'¦:¦.
' VThou art a worm!" Luna has reached
the conclusion and she announces it pos
itively. The gesture is one of assertion.
Suppose that when I say "Turning the
streams I from their., channels," ' I should
gesture toward the tree tops in the glen.
Wouldn't that be absurd? I am thinking:
of the streams In their channels, not of
my_arms. Streams and -their channels lie
along the ground, and- as the picture
comes to my mind I suggest it as best I
can by a motion of the arm.
This' applies .to the simplest picture.
More elaborate " poses should be guided
by the same.liw of spontaneity. Think,
when you go before the camera, what you
are going- to represent: get yourself into
the mood of- the picture to be, and your
pose arranges itself.
Even the amateur, sitting for photo
graphs to send to friends and relatives,
should know this much' about posing or
the pictures will be failures. Don't let the
camera . drive every thought 'out ¦ of your
head. Don't; think of the camera at all
Tell yourself the Joke en Jack that soni'e-.
body 'told -you- last night, and see if It
doesn't drive away that strained expres
sion of face and body..
. I am going back to my old refrain to tell
you that posing must be spontaneous or
it fails of its purpose. .What Is . its pur
pose? i To . present pictures, I ¦ should ' say.
They may ,be flesh and blood pictures or
painted pictures or photographic ones; but
whatever the form there must be a mean-
Ing." ' : ¦ . . ' . /¦': .'. ;: '
hand-motions that are acquired j in * some
dramatic schools'. You know the ones I.
mean— with the little finger extended, the
others curved— the 'very hand seems to
simper!
not natural to rest the fact trpon the
hand when In thought?
And worship! How does one worship?
Not with wooden gestures. If true wor
ship be In the soul. Throw up your arms
high. In the' ecstasy of adoration. Do it
as Impulse directs you and yon can't fall
of "the pose.
"What Is "read?* " It Is the wondering
question of a little, child and the hand
strays to the face -when one is perplexed.
AH the passion of love speaks In "Thou
art mine forever." Intensity must »how
in, the tense muscles, the strained face.
But If I had practiced and memorized the
exact position of both elbows and ten
fingers could I show the feeling that I
do in a less studied pose? — -*¦
There Is great danger of spoiling; good
poses by over-elaboration of dress. Sim
ple, even severe lines show the grace >f «
the body better than heavily trimmed cos
tumes. You are not a dummy made to
display clothes, your clothes are made to
adorn you. I hay© tried many styles of
gowns and I have never found -what
suited me until I hit upon the Idea of
knitted silk. My mother made the lining
and a factory in New England knitted the
garment. It dings to the form more
closely than any fabric that can be bought
—its effect Is that of jersey.
. After the model or actress has carefully
chosen the draperies loest suited to her
figure then comes the question of how to
pose in them. I caa't Instruct her any
better than by telling her to listen to no
• instructions. She must think and feel
and allow her motions free play — the real
Will do itself.
: The first time I played Lena I had
learned * the lines and that was »1L I
went on the stage without an Idea, of
how I should render them. So with every
performance I do what comes into my
head to do.
. If you have. to depend on- memorized,
gestures, give up. • :
" Ernest Seton-Thompson in a lecture In
Baltimore recently switched off in one
. place, from his wild animals to tell the
story of a pointer— a genuine canine Dr.
Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. The dog lived in
New Tork and was remarkably well be
haved and was particularly friendly to
ward the children In the well-bred set in
which his lot was cast. His only idlosyn
cracy was his habit of disappearing for a
day or two at a time. During ona of
these periods of disappearance a dog was
caught in a distant section of the city
who was vicious,' degenerate and partic
ularly savage toward children. H» was
killed and the owners of the supposed
good dogr found upon investigation that
their well-behaved and beloved pet was
ona and the same with the vicious beast
th»t bad b»«n aa»t. &SM
One day Patrice met an actress that
¦ had started out at the same time and
¦with the same ambition- This actress
had always been very thin.
"Dear old girl. I hear you have
made a hit in the legitimate/' said
Patrice, in a heart-to-heart voice.
"At last!*' replied the thin actress.
"I have just been asked to recommend
a malt tonic But what I have gona
through to achieve it! Years of a
stock company's daily rehearsing,
with thirty ne-w sides every week,
and—"
"Has it paid?" interrupted Patrice.
"Y-e-s, I suppose so," hesitated
the other. "But I don't mind telling
you that until now I have often
"That you had studied stenog
raphy?"
"No, not that But before people
had discovered that I could act, and
all they had discovered was that I
tad a tad figure, I used to wish that
X had been created like you. Whila
I have been growing thinner from,
drudgery and pinching to repay loans
for costumes, you have been working
twenty minutes a day in a simple
knitted gown which you fit as a
peach fits its skin, and devoting the
other twenty-three hours and forty
minutes to skittles ana beer."
j? T is said thnt Patrice once felt she
had the soul of a tragedienne. In-
ddentally, she had the curves cf
a Venus.
She did not pay much attention
to her figure, but the public did. It
liked her motions better than her
emotions.
The upshot cf the matter was that
In time she gave up her legitimate
ideas and took to tiie vaudeville stag^»,
doing a turn that consisted of step
ping down from a picture and dis
playing poses for twenty minutes.
She could vary this act from season
to season by stepping do-cm from
something- else, as. for instance, the
raoon. After the first few days there
tras no studying, no rehearsing —
nothing but twenty minutes of calis
thenics, a large salary and the pleas
ant consciousness that blase theater
goers were asking what time her act
came on.
A UESCND OP
THE SUNDAY CALL.
3
THE SUBTLE ART
OF POSINGNotable Book of Travels
by a Californian.
5* X her book Ju^t published. "Back
il theosh— A Woman's Wanderings." Mrs.
I William Beckman has struck the key
note of successful writing. You fee! in
reading her work that you are not re
*:ri«-ted to recieivlns: your impressions
through written words, but rather are be
[ng entertained by' a brilliant converfa-;
licslst. l'>" one who has traveled far but.
best Of all. has profited by her traveling
and has not allowed a sinrle item of in
terest to so unnoticed.
Mr?. Bockman possesses trie rare charm
of writing as rhe speaks— fluently, brll
1!.ir;tly and to a purpose. To all lovers
of travel her recent book will appeal most
f-trorcprly, for St Is in a colloquial vein
r. nd hy one who has Fecn and noted what
others and apprecrate but cannot ex
j-r«ss. Best of all. this Ixtek Kives to us
j-'Mmpses of the world throuph the can
<]\<] and impartial eyes of an American
wr.man— in fact, a Californlan. for Mrs.
Ijrrkm.in is a rerident of Sacramento.
Th? reader cannot help feelinp that the
puthor frauRCs what s*»e sees by stand
prds accojdin^ to the reader's ovrn lights,
r.r.d it imparts a corfiicnce not Kencrally
r.wakcned in a book of similar character.
Jn reading books of travel by fore'.pn au
thors we fannot help at times a feeling
cf unbelief .for the realization is ever pres
ent that whatever might have impressed
them in a certain -way might have been
regarded by us In a diametrically oppo-
Elte light hafl we been there to see for
ourselves.
Parts of Mr«. Beckman's book may seem
hastily written— in fact, the author tells'
t:s that many of her ideas and descrip
tions were recorded while traveling from
place to place— but this i? rather a merit
than a fault in a work of this character;
for it is not literary effort that the reader
crbthes, but rather impressions while
ri'.aces are frefh in the mind of the author.
You feel that what Mrs. Beckman has
to Fay is fact, not fiction, and yet her style
is fo raFv that there is not a dry page in
the l>ook.
The countries which are included In this
charminjj scries of j >c n siiet<~hos are: Eng
land. Ireland. Scotland. Holland. Ger
many. Denmark. Norway. Sweden. Fin
land. Russia. Austria. Hungary. Switzer
land. Italy. Egypt; Palestine. Syria. Tur
key. Asia Minor, Orrcce and France.
On her trip the author has allowed lit
tle to oseape hrr. ar.d is absolutely frank
5rj tbe expression of her opinions. She is
American to the rore. -as can be seen in
tbi* observation made in a comparison of
th^ laboring classes cf the two nations:
Whatever tbc rauw T know not, but Enpland
will pnan outrln Italy In beRjrarj!. The bone and
F.r.cw nf the country do n^t hesitate to accept
n ri'tance, and not fcr any real service ren
<1pred — only it is customary, they say. The
r«-r.rest of our laborers «-ouJ4 Fcm to tako
yjch KTatuitiP*; if thry did they would lose
their manhood ar.d eeir-rcspect.
Mrs. B"ckman also apprprintes a pood
Ftory. Thi«= hap' the rral eM Irish flavor
tn it. for it was culled while driving over
the hills to the Lakes of Killarney:
Our driver trl<5 u< many quaint Ftnrie* while
r"-'r:?:nir cm th« fclsterical anJ local points of
lr.toreFt over the mountain*. One. I remember.
ws5 of *n oM lady who ll\ed In the vicinity
of tn«* BlaJekmter, who, at the age of 140.
O.n.bed a cherry tree in neArch of her favorite
fruit, fed from tbe tre? end so cut short a life
<1otil<tloFs well spent. I find they have their
cherry trcr st^rlep here also: this heroine xias
U'cVy. however, in fiBd'.nR a tree, for I have
«"rn no orchart? whatever in all of Ireland. I
heard of some arpl* tree* near. Cappoquln. and
wes promised some elder, but had only the
premise.
Her description cf the Lake? of Killar
r.»>y is especially intcrestir.tr. for It is a
view cf t_he lakes through the eyes of a
<"\i!:forr;;:in. and cne has ?een and
appreciated the wonders of h*>r native
land. The sight impresses Mr?. Beckman,
.ir.d she gives cue credit, but is also posi
tive in her criticism— probably Moore
would have felt the same way had he
Ytorn afforded the opportunity for com
parison:
The C&y following- the storm' ¦*¦ pleasant
er.d we enjoyed the lakes greatly. They ar»
•ueM worth the trouble experienced in getting
to them, but I could not. in all conscience,
prow wild over "crag* that lift to clouds their
f-:raK>ry heads." all of which reads well,' but
I doubt very much if Moore had traveled ex
tensively—or. If he had. ,he was given a bit
to exasperation.
After Alarka and our own mountain scenery
th*y fcem tame ennurh, thourh there is no
<ioubt about the clouds wreathing their scrappy
hradK; they drift so low the tree* are hlith
«Ti->ugh for that purpose. It is not the height,
however, that pives beauty; they are not f rar.d
nor majestic, but there is a loveliness hard
tr» £p*cribe.
rrom the h!(ther p^aks to the lower l^vr-ls
The dr was fresh and pure, the sun sparkled
cr. the clezmlng water*, dotted with such dear
little iflanfiy, clothed in treeB and verdure to
the water's edjre. Then the wealth and beauty
cf a foliape ard underirroti-Ui we know, notb
!r.£ of at home. The larches and b^ech trees
were lovely end the rr.utle of the birds, ever
Brood u*. cl^ar and svp^t; the thru8he» nang
frcm nrsytac bou^hn, the saucy robins chir
ruj>«d everywhere, the blackbirds' flute-like
note* csn? from the marshlands, tiny warblers
p'rlnR from the dense Solly trees, making the
who> perfect as {o melody, sen? -Ar.d rural
beauty. . .
".Ir?. UecTiman's fund of humor Is inex
haustible. Little Incidents of rr.ivel are
very pleasantly Introduced to ¦ liven up
the pases, besides r.crvi::s? the double pur-
T)ope cf sketching in outline bits of char-
peculiar to the place. Uere_ is a
Jittie jot from the drive while visiting
the lakes of Scotlarfl:
Durliar the latter part of th« drive we were
told to lock at the tittle, -square blocks of thin
bor.rd harts on the telegraph wires. .The driver
rcid it was to protect? the jrrouse. as they Cew
end were killed hy the xvlrc*. unless th^ little
reinladera were there to fhot7 them they were
to be avoided. I felt inclined to «ay something,
ra remarked: "They are verj- humane reopie
here; they prot<x^ the birds from the wires,
rt> they may have the pleasure of ehootlng
them.'" A rjn In front turned and the look
I received was calculate to rrdue* my avoir
«Jur<"!'.« mir.y peends r<"r second. I caucht my
trcath *n5 addefl: "I never heard, thoush.
that a Scot'hmaji could h!t anything unless It
was rtationary." Of course I did not know he
ras a migrhty hunter of birds when I rpoke. but
could rot wither away in a minute, eo bad to
resume nv air cf _cheerfulnrrs. I for the mo
ynent had foirottets I tm in a country where
jokee were not apprerlatpd, but one must have
BornPthiaff besid'-s scenery. : I clraply had to b«
entertained in rome way. ;
Mr*. Beckman write? with a forceful
pen. Her dcFCrfptions of the sublime and
rnagniflcent show the deepest feeling, and
find expression in language simple but
mo«t powerful. Here Is an impression of
the Swiss Alps:
I think no one coulfl ever describe the sensa
tions, the emotions, produced by the first clear,
full view of Chamounix and Mont Blanc. This
Is tho loftiest mountain in- Europe; the vale
•written cf Jn eons and story. Yet. how Jlttlo
one knot's of It 'who has net seen it. One is
led vp to it from one pi ace to another, enjoy-
Iwr aM. each portion of Switzerland in it'a
v.f,T-, but thin is the culmination of all: hope's
f ruitJcn. r>eace *nd rest; things hoped for, and
eeen and understood the Chamounlx. The great
white, beautiful thing, rising up out of the
worn, tired oid world we had come from, pure
and frerii. as It Jurt created— it wa» as If the
*olt had been shot back, and through the "door
of the heart came sights that cannot be de-
Kcribed. There woe that same silent force.
pnlemnity. and strength accentuated. ¦ K pos
elble. when we stood out In the cool night air
and 'saw thos« heights bathed In. the glory of
the full moon. The plant outlines seeroefl nearer
than, in the briC"tn«" . of sunset ; a. red light
C* t Sashed atd burned . from the Craad Jiu-
Literary Notes. 4
Mary Johnston, whose second book, i*To
Have : and ; To IIo!d." Is no w In Us 2J0th
As a result of very careful selection and
arrangement Ailieil. Fclken gjves to the
literary, world a little volume of poems.
Browning. . Longfellow. Mrs. / Browning
and.Thorr.aa Moore are some of the well
known'names among the\ contributors, as
wellras a large number of contemporary
writers. '(Published by The Whitaker &
Ray: Company, Ban Francisco. Price $1.)
Crumbs of Comfort.
Each : poem ¦ is .illustrated and eight of
the pictures are reproduced in colors
(Doubleday. Page & Co.; New York
Price -|1 50.)
' The ' songs of the Old South are full of
sentiment and plcturesquehes3, as well as
musical rnythnv and humor..
"Bandanna Ballads" brought Miss Wee
den much praise and her new book will
add to her popularity.
A holiday book which is "a little out of
the ordinary Js Howard . Weeden's collec
tion of. plantation ,Vf racs.
Songs of the Old South.
William A." Sherwood deserves more
than a r word for his excellent pictures of
English sporting life and barroom scenes.
Price $150..
"The Vagabond Huntsman" is the title
under which this publication is presented,
and it; must find a ready sale, for It is
clever and well Illustrated.
Robert. Howard Russell has published
the amusing verses of "Tlpperary Joe,"
and those who can remember Charles
Lever's clever novel. "Jack Hinton. the
Guardsman." will at once recall the sub
ject verses of these illustrations.
A Vagabond Huntsman.
Walter Crane is the illustrator of this
work, and his work constitutes an im
portant p«rt of the edition. (Published by
John Lane, New York.)
The basis of the book is Thomas Shel
ton's translation, the language of which
expresses so well the humor of Cer
vantes. Judge Parry tells admirably a
well known story, from the introduction
to that famous gentleman, Don Quixote
of the Manchc, to the final dispute about
Mambrino's helmet.
Many persons will consider it a daring
thing . that Judge Parry has done—retell
lrg the story of Don Quixote. Not en
tirely es Cervantes told it, however, but
so simply ar.d condensed that the younger
generation can grasp it and enjoy it.
Don Quixote.
A book has Just been Issued under the
title, "Stellar Dust, cr the L.ife Force."
which will be found of interest to stu
dents of the occult and particularly to
those studying astrology. It Is the work
of Professor P. A. Graves, who Is said
to b« particularly successful in selecting
the constellations of •ilfterent people, and
has long: been known aa a student of as
trolOKy. He la also the author of a book
on "Evolution and Reproduction," which
has awakened considerable interest. The
present work. "Stellar Dust." treats of
the origin of man by spontaneous senera
tion,- evolution explained away, the cause
of growth, disease and decay, zodiacal
construction of the hrain and body ac
cording to th« law of twelve. It Is pub
lished by the Occult Book Store. Price $1-
t
Stellar Dust.
The book i« illustrated by Stephen Van
Schalck, who Is too well known to need
but-a word of recognition. His illustra
tions are always good. (Publisher 1 , by
Dodge Publishing Company, New Tork.
Price $150.)- K: ;
Mr. Andrew? Is a college man. and f-!nce
he left Dartmouth College has been jour
nalist, musician, humorist, critic and
singer. His sonsrs are widely suns and
this collection will bring praise from all
musicians.
An interesting, as well as instructive,
book for children is the collection of songs
which Addisorf Fletcher Andrews has
The music and words arc full
'of charm arid they are all within the lim
itations of the child voice. They are well
calculated to develop a taste for the b<--3t
Jn music, and will 'interest the mother
•while they instruct the child.
Tinv Tunes for Tiny People.
The illustrations add to the charm of
tho collection, for they are effective and
very correct. ( (Published by R. H. Rus
sell, New York. Price $2.)
This book of Mr. Williams shows a
close study of the aborigine, and he has
chosen a happy time for his publication.
People are constantly renewing their in
terest in these "unfortunate people, and
Mr.' Williams' knowledge will surprise
them; for tht? English alphabet does not
seem too lorpr to enumerate the many
tribes that have lived in our land.
From "A." which' describes the Apache,
to "Z," which tell3 of the Zuni, the tribes
are slven in alphabetical order, and many
interesting legends are told. \ : X' > -
"An Alphabet of Indians." by Emory
Leverett Willlains. combines much that
if pleasing and instructive.
An Alphabet of Indians.
D. Applctcn A Co. bring out this new
editlnn <ust in time for a Christmas pub-
I'catton. ar.d it will doubtless" be received
with keen appreciation. Prlre ft 30.
Although Mr. West cot t has not lived to
enjoy the crcat triumph of hia work he
did not die before he received word from
his publishers that the work had been
accepted, and the mental exhilaration
aroused hy this intelligence gave him a
'sweet but very short lease of life.
The author, Edward Noyes "Weatcott.
has achieved a great, though unhappily
a posthumous, fame, and the question is
often asked, did he leave his work un
finished. This is not so: every line and
word are his own. and he left the type
written Sheets cf the book complete,
which had been done by him nearly a
yrar before his death.
Although. ' r the number of copies of
I'David Harum" is but a few short of
half a- million the interest Is ~ still keen.
This illustrated edition, which =has just
appeared, will add many more to the list,
besides inducing those who have already
read it to go over -again the charming
picture of American life. The book Is
filled with capital Illustrations by B. West
Cllnedlnst. and a ,few text drawings by
C. D. Farrand.
New Edition of David Harum.
Sanborn. Vail & Co. have published for
3901 a calendar which to exceptionally neat
both In conception; and execution. It con
sists of seven leaves Beven by nine Inches
of good board : and Is'prlnted in delicate
colors with ; Calif ornlan scenes from 140>
to 1901. The cover reads. "California Froni
1400 to 1901— A Calendar, for 1301." and
shows a delicalclf ~ tinted view of
Mount Shasta, while the decorative scheme
around, the scene in carried .out In
California's own flower, the eschscholtzia.
The first leaf gives', a typical scene iir
theYosemite Valley in 1J0O. . The second
show3 Monterey Bay and the discovery
cf California by Cortex Jn 1500. The thir.i
gives a glimpse of/ the old fort at Mon
terey and a scenefcf tho plains and Mexi
cans of 1600. For 1700 Is. shown the oM
Mission Dolores and the bells of the San
Diego Mission, with great clusters of pur
ple grapes around it. The fifth leaf Rives
a view of- the pioneers crossing the plains
in '49 and a peep at the old Suttrr's mill.
On the sixth loaf is shown California in
1901; the broad ami fertile valley of So
noma and a picture of-. San Francisco
Bay with r Telegraph Hill for a back
ground. sheet has two months of
the' year, with proper days of the week
and month printed nea'tly in one corner,
and the whole Is tied. with a graceful bow
of orange ribbon. _
A ; Dainty, Calendar.
ances on these and other timely topicsmre
distinctively --his. own. ,He writes as he
epeaks, and he speaks as he act?—prompt
ly, 1 , clearly; and " emphatically. (Published
by;" The Century Company. New York.
Price 11 5O.) V •'," - -; \ • .
. Mr. . Roo*evelt Js the ;best Illustration
of his own ideal of the living of the stren
uous. llfe, : a "phrase with which his name
is Inseparably connected. V; The volume so
entitled l«vthe;latest .'of the many; on
naval.cmllltary,, political and personal
themea^which. he, has found time to turn
outln'th©^ past twenty; years, while serv
ing the city, of Xew; York as Police Com
missioner,''the State as legislator and Gov
ernor, and*. the nation. as Civil Service
Commissioner,*- Assistant Secretary of the
Navy.Jand colonel of ;a\volunteer cavalry
regrimeijt.;{Ini addition ,to being a soldier,
a \ politician r and ; an " author , he is also a
ranchmanf-'a"., sportsman v and a lawyer.
Few men, therefore; can look at any sub
ject from i -so many- points cf^ view, and it
is . this personal ,' "all-aroundnes's," no leW
than 'the keenness of hia observation; the
strength; of his feelings and the -force of
his > literary expresston. that}comniandg a
wide, audience for everything he writes.
First of ; the essays : and addresses [ in 5 the
present.work- is the one";, that gives, its
name to the' book. It is followed , by: "Ex
pahsionandPeace,','; "Latitude and Longi
tude ; Among ', Reformers.". Tand
Feeling, as. a; Politica.1 Factor." Other ti
tles are ; Preparedness,*.' "Admi
ral ± Dewey,'A ¦ J'Clvic^? Helpfulness"-.: an d
.''The ;-Elghth and '• Ninth' "Commandments
la •- PoliUc3." Colonel .- Roosevelt's .'utter-
The Strenuous Life.
¦ : The' illustrations, which are done in very
effective are by Louis Betts.
(Published c by Herbert - S. Stono & Co.,
Chicago. Price $1 50.)
c The story ;is original' nnd full of charm
as well as. instruction, for Mr. Banks de
picts • in a * most Interesting manner the
customs of the tribes before the days of.
civilization.: •
A new book for 'the, younprer generation
ig, the Indian tale of Charles Eurene
Banks. .He 'first tells the^ tradition of the
Arctidcs' nation, its wanoVrintrs toward
the east and the curse which Gltche Ma»
nito'sets upon it. The curse, which takes
the form , of . a; winged monster, can only
be removed "by. a descendant of Hashlta,
the chief i whosje j disobedience has caused
the • punishment, and ' he must . be armed
with, the; miraculous arrow, which must
be guarded by the^tribe until the appoint
ed-time. ;. ' .:.\
.-. The chapter wherein "Waupello slays the
Piasau;is very dramatic' and will fill (he
young reader with delight: ;
A Child of the Sun.
Dr. Cook gives his narrative in the form
of a diary. Just' as It was written at the
time and while the events were fresh In
his mind. He writes in an easy style and
cno within the. comprehension of the gen
eral reader. His descriptions are clear
and vivid and the. amount of Information
presented about the animal and plant life
of the-Antnrctlc Circle will make his book
nh authority. His chapters on the' race of
Fueslan slants, the South Polar r.lght. the
• struggles of thf> Belglca ia»the ice pack
nnd the daily life of the men who risked
their lives for the sake of expioratlon aro
especially Interesting. The boo"k is well
and copiously illustrated with photographs
taken by Dr. eook. (Published by Double
day & -McClure Company. New York.
Price $5.) ' .¦
The recent volume of Dr. Frederick A.
Cook. '.'Through the First Antarctic
Kijrht." Is p^cu'lnrly Interesting to stu
dent? of historical exploration, inasmuch
»s it. gives an account of the first expedi
tion lo spend a winter on* the under sur
face ot tho Rlcbo. besides presenting a
vnst nmourt of flata concorninjj the p'eopla
of :that stranre truntry ' and of the ex
ploration nf SCO miles of crust in a new
land of ice and snow,. To Adrien de Ger
lachc fcflonsr'5 the first, credit for tho car
rying out of the Belgian Antarctic expe
r'.itlon. for it. was through his efTorts tl"at
by private subscriptions and the financial
aid of tho Belgian Government the sum
of SCO.COi""! was raised to further the enter
prise. , Sixty thousand - dollars proved
rather a small amount for such an expe
dition, nut It was made to go as far as
possible. A 'Norwegian' sealer, the Patria.
was ¦ re'Hted to answer^the requirements
of a winter in the land of Ice,. and was re
cbrisleiied the BelsrJca. ,
' Do Gcrlache was In command of the par
ty — one composed of Russians. Belgians,
a Roumanian and I?r. Cook, the only
Americnn. who acted as surgeon end an
thropologist. Dr. Cook had already had
some Arctic experience with Peary.
Through tho First Antarctic Kight.
And her? whrr? I cm cnmplfttlnT and finally
arninglns It— v.-hat book over had ruch a cira-.
'poetnu room! Under therhelter of an over
hanging roc'.j With nUion boiislj* pHednp and
canva? «tret;hetl tT cfimpletely exclude th« ?un
all day: the puren air of earth freely circu
lating around me. and the bluet nky of earth
ever before me: btlow. the' brink of the great
fit gcrpe knnwn to man, nr.<l with Its wonders
dallv and nlphtly.fpreed out before me. \
by Little, Brown & Co.. Bos
ton. PriccW.)
-Just, to' pick up and glance through
George .Wharton James' ' book, • "In ; and
Around-.tho Grand Canyon," one v/ould at
once' wish to make, its further acquaint
ance. In the first place it is so excellently
illustrated' with such a large^number of
clear and striking views oCscenes and life
in this greatest of all the world's' canyons,'
and in the next the large type and easy
arrangement of subjects makes the mat
ter so readily accessible. Mr. James has
not written his book from a trip : or;two
through the ennyon, but it is the result of
ten years'* visits pnd tireless explorations.-
The. book Is not without dramatic interest."
fQ™ the thrilling adventures: of tho early,
explorers are vlvidlv told, and the author
has a few- hairbreadth escapes of his own
to tell as well.,. But the main interest of
the book lies In the description of .the
scenery, the Indians and their legends and
customs picturesque. Mr. James*, book is
deserving of cipecial mention in the fact
that he did his. writing: while on tbe trail
nnd in the heart of the wondersTof , the
canjon. In speaking of where the^book
was v.-rittcn ar.d compiled, he says: - ,
i Jn en many and varied ' places, almost.' as
ever, hnrfr vra.* try.n^crlbed on paper.! ; 'While
fl^pr'nr fcV a fevr nrmT.t?' rest !n.<lcs?cnd
i^r'trnfliii'n tlie<l?rlcnp?s of the r.lcht In the
<"<rtlis nf the canr-on: on th" driver's s»s»t or,
Jnslc'e.thc joltlnit stase; RtrctcheJ on a roll pf
blankets In, a »prlrsrlee«wa"?on;!n the midst '
of a fierce- storm en the PalntPd Desert; shlver
!nsr. w«t throi:rh. at. night In a side BQrire cf
the Bright Anwl trail: wearied out. tvaltin* for,
wnter nn<1 a h-^rse a'tsr an' exhausting three
days, in Trail. Canyon: ' stretched r:» th» sand 1
;with thp flerre rear cf lh". demons «i the Cclo
rndo River In my ear; unrlfr the tr*es rt L?e'i
Ferry Obaklnt: in tho sun near. Willow Sprins;
on the Kumrnlt of the San. Kra:iclsco Mountain?:
on'Wlllfam* Mountain, Sunset Peak, cr Jn the
{lee**ei<t rtenth* of the Cclor?dn jvat^rway: on
the lilateauK above or by th? sf<1« o' Hevasu—
t!:e blue — cf Cataract Creek; on foot
r.!id on horFO*iark. In bed "and in cave — anv
vhere. cv^ri'viie"". v.l>~n-v/cr a rcen-^ (l"nans:l»»'1
dotcrlptlcn or a thousfct Fturrfst'.'d written ca
precBioii, there a p^rt of th:s b:<"ik was b"rn.
In and Around the Grand Canyon.
dream r eyed sculptor: the dear little child
Corrona; the romantic town of Pisa— all
this;favore,'»but still IV would amount- to
naught: in- the hands of- one-less iskiliful.,
Her characters are real ."and 'living. You
feel the* sterling worth' of the beggar
Carlo-'-but still you would not like'to take
his hand/;' he is so dirty and gruff. And
you . know;'' moreover, 1 : he "would 'not want
your, hand,, but your money. Still, just
the one vpoint of good , in A the man is
brought out strongly and not to the detri
ment of truth. -The Golden Lady— well,
shcia another matter, and if you do not
ste in your mind's eye the American girl
Gibson and Christy rhavo^ succeeded ;so
well in putting on paper you^wlll not have
read I Mrs. | Pennpyer'a story] very closely.'
The book is very daintily bound in flex
ible;. cover,/ the color of < the .working
apron-of _ Italx. .It is an excellent idea
this of having -a- short story in a 'volume
by itself,. to. be Picked. up/and enjoyed in
a. spare hour. Mrs. Pcnrtoyer's b«ok. de-
Ferves'a* goodjChrlstmae Eale. . It Is,*
sketch- that makes good reading for J the
second and- third ¦ time.' (Published by
Klder & Shepard, San Francisco. - Price,
6y cents.) • m *", ;
The author Is. so careful and so closely
analytical that at times ho possibly loses
dramatic effect in his effort to make every
detail perfectly , claar and the action-^of
tho book consistent- As Mark Grafton,
the man who is .telling the story, Is him
self a lawyer, pess'bly we can forgive th?
technical language of the descriptions.
The dialogue Is .largely between Grafton
and Dr. Guthrie^ and or course it is to be
. '• . ,'
Grafton becomes interested at once and
that interest is heightened when. he finds
that his. friend and connection by.'mar
riage, Dr. Guthrle,- is the physician of
Ruth Wardleigh. Guthrie has' been in
the East, but returns just at this period,
of the 'story to take, part with.Farring
ton ", In" enlisting the sympathy' of Gral
ton. Through- facts presented ,byi.them,
Grafton moves for, a new trlal'for fhd fol
lo-.ving* week. .' : ; .'¦" ¦'/ .••'¦¦ '.'¦;¦*.•:., '-
To go more into'. the details of tho plot
would not be falrto the readers of Mr.
Dibble's r book. Vv . The detective work ' In
the story while? interesting^ in itself is
hot given* the -most prominence. In the
dramatic experiment decided on by Dr.
Guthrie a,s" a last means to cure the mono
mania' of : Ruth Wardleigh." Mr. Dibble
makes his rnaster stroke. The- weird "all
ment^of Ruth, her peculiar faculty of pro
jecting her astral body to'warn ¦ her
lover of impending danger; from Clanton,
the hypnotic experiments of Dr. Guthrie
and tho odd impression .of ; forgetfulnesa
which he is thus enabled to create in the
mind of his patient: and then tho author's
nkillfvtl weaving of. his plot jo that the
trial is made .to form. the dramatic climax
in the lives of these two lovers— ajl these
ptlnts nro so well worked out and the
threads so carefully woven that Jhe
greatest credit is due Mr. Dibble.
Grafton is y wandering ; around the cor
ridors, of | the Palace, listening to the Ha
waiian ' Band/Cwhen : his "attention ', is ; at-;
tracted to a; man whom : he recognizes as
Clahtbn, . the v Arizona renegade, but he
thinks that he has probably, served hlJ
sentence and has been set free.. "A. few
momentslater Lloyd Farrlngton comes in
and explaining | that he was lookins \ for
Grafton himself, tells him about the pris
oner being none other, tthah Luke'Ward
leigh and; also of his: conviction. that the
man is innocent. .• ' \ -.
Hotel the night before sentence is to be
passed. .'.._ .._; . ¦ ; ,-',.-'¦.
CRUMBS OF COMFORT— Setected an<S ar
ranged by A Hie M. Fencer. Tho Whttaker A
Ray Company. San Francisco." fl.
MEASURE FOR MEASURE— Shak»3p**r».
Casaell's National Library. New York. la
paper, 10 cents.
MT INDIAN* QUEEN'-By Guy Boothby. D.
Appleton Sa Co., Xew York. |1.
THE TRANSIT OF CIVILIZATION— Ey E1
ward Egrgleston. D. Appleton & Co., New Yorlc
fl 50.
THE 'TRUTH ABOltT THE PIIILIPPINRS—
Ey H. IL Van Meter. The Liberty League, Chi
cago. In paper. 23 rents.
WITH RING OF SHIKLD— Ey Knox Mase«s.
R. F. Fenno & Co.. New York. $1 &).
FAUISE. THE TOWN* OF THE CON
QUEROR—By Anna Bowman Dcxld. , Uttla.
Ilrcwn & Co., Boston. J2.
THE SIEGE IN PEKING— By W. A. P. Mar
tin, D.D.. LX.D. Fleming H. Hivel Company,
New York. SI.
SHALL WE BELIEVE IN A DIVINS
PROVIDENCEt-By D. VT. Faunce. D.D.
Funk & Wagnalls Companr. New York. Jl.
RODARI. SCULPTOR: A STORY OF PI3A—
By Vlrslnla E. Pennoyer. D. Paul Elder and
Morgan Shepanl. San Francisco. 60 cents.
BACKSHEESH: A WOMAK'3 "WANDER
INGS-By Mrs. William Ebritman. The Whit
aker & Ray Company. San Francisco.
KODAKS— Bj-CTuy Alby Buell. Record Pub
lishing Company. Stockton.
FOES IN LAW-By Rhoda Broughton. Tht
Macrolllan Company. New York, fl 50.
MOODTS MANUAL OF INDUSTRIAL ANO
MISCELLANEOUS SECURITIES: 1900 EDI
TION— PubHsfted by the O. C. Lewis Company.
New York. $3.
SONGS FROM BOHEMIA— By Dant«l CCon
nelL Edited by Ina D. Coolbrlih. A. M. Rob
ertson. San Francisco. U 50.
COEUR DE NOEL— Par I* D. Ventura, area
¦illustrations par MI!*. May G. Norrts.. A. M.
Rot«rtson. San Francisco. la paper. IS centa.
RITA-By ¦Laura E. Richards. Dana SKea
& Co.. Boston. $1 23.
THH ANIMALS OF AESOP— By Joseph J.
Mori. Dana. 'Eatea Jk Co.. Boaton. & 50.
TI1E PSALMS OF DAVID— Including Blxteen
full-raK* Illustrations and numerous decora
tions in the text. drpJcttns the lire of David as
shepherd, poet, •warrior and Kins— By Louis
Khead. together with an introductory study by
Newell DwisM 111311s. Fleming II. Rsval Com
pany. Chicaso. 12 50.
WINSOME VTOMANHOOD— By Marsaret C
Sangster. Fleming H. Revel Company. Cht
caeo. %1 2S.
SYNTHETIC PHILOSOPHY: FIRST PRIN
CIPLES—By Herbert Spencer. N'ow edition.
published by D. Appleton & Co.. New York. $C.
A VALLEY MUSE— By Charles G. Blanden.
Fleming H. P.evel Company. Chicago. $1.
SCHTJTZK'S AMUSING GEOGRAPHY AND
SYSTEM OF MAP DRAWING— By T>nor»
Congdon Schutze. A.M. The Whitaker & Ra7
Company. San Francisco. $1. '
MISSION3 OF NTJEVA CALIFORNIA— T»T
Charles Franklin Carter. The Whittaker & Ray
Company, San Fra.nc'.3co. Jl 30.
HOW TO SUCCEED-By Austin Blerbower,
n. F. Fenno & Co.. New Tork. $1.
ECCE':rnU CITIES OF GENIUS-By Major J.
B. Pond. O. XT. Dilllrieliam. N.rw Ycrk. S3 SO.
SEED THOUGHTS FOR PUBLIC SPEAK
EKS—By Arthur T. .Plsrson. D.D. Funk Si
"SVasnalls Company, New Tork. %l 50.
ARGONATT LnTTKTtS— By Jerome Hart.
Payot. Upham & Co.. San Francisco. J2.
FOP.TTTXE HUNTERS OP* TI1E PHTT.IP
PIXES By Ijools Charles. The Mershon Com
pany, "New York. 50 cents.
THE SEQUEL TO A TRAQEDT— By Henry
C Dibble. J. B. Lippincott Ccncany. Phila
delphia. $123.
A KEXTfCKT CARDINAL and Its «equ»l.
AFTERMATH — By James Lan« All'n. Illus
trated by Hueh Thomson. Tho ilacmillao
Company. New York. 12 50.
IX TTTT: ALAMO— Ry Ople ReaiJ. Rand, ilc-
Kallj- & Co.. Chicago. $1 J3.
Books Received.
Bird-Lore (the Macmfllan Company) fo*
December Inaugurates a plan for tha
study of birds, designed to tell teacher*
and students Just what to teach and Just
what to study at the proper season. Or
nithologists throughout the country hava
contributed articles on the mor» Impor
tant events In the bird world f.-r pach
month In the year, which, accompanied hy
detailed lists of the birds to be found,
should prove of great assistance to tho
constantly increasing number of persons
who aro Interested In the ways of oar
brothers of the air.
Early in J.anuarv R. H. Russell will
publish two Interesting books. One is en
titled. "Ah. What Riddles These Women
Be." and is a narrative poem by "William
Young, dramatist of "Ben Ilur" and the
author of "Pendragon" and "Ganelon."
two dramatic poems which followers nf
the stage will rememher were produced
by the late Lawrence Barrett. Mr.
Young is also the author of "Wishmaker'a
Town." The other January book will ba
an exquisite reproduction of drawings by
Albert Durer, with anpropriate text by
Fitzroy .Carrlngton. It Is to be called
"The Apocalypse."
.
The holiday volumes of Little. Btotvtj
& Co. embrace the n?w Monterey efiitlon
of "Kamona." with pictures In photo
gravure and chapter headings by Henry
Sandhum: "Falalse. the Town of th« Con
queror." by Anna Bowman. Dndd. author
cf "Three Normandy Inns," with illustra
tions from photographs; "The Pilgrim
Shore." by Edmund H. Garrett. illus
trated by the author: "The Judgment of
P-etcr and Paul en Olympus." by Henrylc
Sienkiewlcz, translated by Jeremiah Cur
tin. a beautifully printed little book, with
two illustrations by Stachiewicz: "Tn and
Arcund the Grand Canyon." by Professor
George Wharton James, vlth 100 illustra
tions: Gresvenor'.* "Constantino?!.-"." with
23> Illustrations, a new and handier edi
tion of this standard work: "The Colom
bian and Venezuelan Republics." by W'H-
Ham L.-Scrigg3. late Minister. to Colom
bia and Venezuela, with full-pag* plates
and colored map?: Parkman's "Oregon
Trail." Remington edition, with seventy
five Illustrations by Frederic Remington;
Drake's "Old Landmarks and Historic
Personages of Boston," new revised edi
tion, with additional pictures, and Kath
arine Pyle's charming 'Juvenile. "Tha
Christmas Ansel."
Coincident with the production of th*
dramatization of "Janice Meredith" comes
the announcement of the puMicatlon of a
Mary Mannering edition of the novel.
Tho volume will b«» very fully illustrated
with illustrations in color ami with half
tore reproductions of scenes from tha
play as produced by Miss Maanertn*.
The story in this form should find a wide
sale among theater-goers as well as
among novel-readers. It_ will be published
by Dodd, Mead & Co.
The second installment of Rudyarr! K!p-
Hng's new novel. "Kim." will be published
in the January number of "McClure's Mag
azine. In Its revelation of varied life in
India the writer's magnificent insight and
his entire mastery of detail are shown at
tlielr beat. The charm of the fiction 13
enhanced by the page drawings contrib
uted by J. Lockwood Kipling, the father^
oi the author, and by Edwin Lord Weeks.
Raffles, 'the hero of E. W. Hornuns*s
stories of the "Amateur Cracksman.^ will
reappear in the January number of Scrib
ner's with a most remarkable adventure
In crime. It has bren suggested that
Sherlock Holme* Is the only man who
could catch Raffles. Conan DovIp. tho
creator of Sherlock Holmes. la brother
in-law to Jfr. Jlornungr.
'.The History of the United States From
the Compromise of 1S50." 4 vols.. by James
Ford Rhodes (The Macmlllan Company^,
embraces the years 1SG0 to 1S«: not 1530 to
l£t»2, as has been erroneously stated. It
covers both the development of the P "- oli
cal Impasse which ended In and tha
complete history of the civil war It3eif.
thousand, will bring out ber new story,
"Audrey." in the Atlantic Monthly, be
ginning in the summer of 1301.
Seventy-five thousand copies of F. Mar^
Ion Crawford s new novel. "In the Palace
of the King," have been sold since its
publication four weeks ago.
THE ; SIJNp^ Y C Alili.
The three years pa:ssed and then'begina
the. present tale— this sequel . to the
tragedy of: Ruth anq her
strange monomanla^of hating her flormer
lover, • Lloyd Farrington. .
• ..Grafton,' not having heard the name of
Farrington's ! , friend t and preserver, had
succeeded Jn; convicting ; Luke ''- Wardleigh
of rifling the Government? malls .without
connecting " the V familiar ,;. face ,: of,' the
rrischer attheba: witir.the brave young
man of the Arizona episode' of three years
before, v He '. had '« heard also i the i strange
story of Farrington's unfortunate; love
affair, but' does not know, of course,; that
t'e, convicted; felon' is the brother* of the
unfortunate girl. He Is'to*,learri allHhts
from' Faxrineto a himself, at'* the,* Palace
Of course, all thought of ¦ a. union be
tween Lloyd, and Ruth -was. abandoned,
and she was put under the care'of. an ex
perienced specialist,' Dr. Guthrie. who . is
the brother-in-law: of Mark, Grafton, the
teller of this story. Lloyd Fa'rrington went
to Arizona, almost In despair, and became
a special agent in the ¦ employment of
Wells, Fargo & Co.' Luke Wardleigh, tho
brother of Ruth end devoted to his friend
Lloyd, insisted upon accompanying ' him. . .
"It was In v Arizona ; that ¦ Mark ¦> Grafton
had first met Farrlngton/ Just three years
prior to the . commencement of ¦¦ the pres
ent story.' Farrlngton .was- serving' as' a
United States I Deputy. Marshal • and saved
a stage from rbbbery^by . capturing the
robbcrs^and wounding their leader, Clan
ton—a noted bandit .with a. birth-mark of
a red - claw on* his * f-fi'ce.- V Clanton .1 made
good his escape, however, and later made
an attempt at the life of Farrington, but
was unsuccessful I owing to a' lucky shot
from the' gun : of Luke ' Wardleigh.*.;; Graf
ton was present at this time, also," and al
though .he did not meet .Wardleigh, had
his ., face, vaguely impressed j upon; his
memory." ¦"..-. ¦.',,¦_ •"- S^P- : - "]¦;
MRS. WILLIAM BECKMAN
ll/FRS. WILLIAM BECKMAN, whose recent ..work,
IVJL "Backsliccsli: A Woman's 'Wanderings," is reviewed
at length on another part of this' page, is a zvoman of
most charming personality as ivcll as, -great literary attainments^
She was born in Illinois and educated in one of (he best colleges
of that 'State, but has lived the greater portion of her life in Cal
ifornia. Mrs. Bcckman's present home is Sacramento, zvhere
she is a prominent figure in social, political, and litcrarx life.
She has traveled the zvide world over, is a deep thinker and a
xvoman of great culture. In the State capital she is not only the
president of the leading literary club of the city, but is a recog
nized leader in the social set, having ably assisted the zvives of
at least three of California's Governors in pleasant dirties of, en
tertainment. *.'• •
boat was upset and the father and mother
lost their lives. Ruth was savel by Fur
rington and the brother also escaped with
his life. Upon returning' to consciousness
Ruth was so overcome with the horror 'of
the disaster that she becAme suddenly af
flicted with a peculiar form of monoma
nia—she believed that Lloyd Farrlngton.
who really saved her, life and was in no
way responsible for the accident, was a
monster and responsible for; the whole ca
lamity. She could not bear hi8 presence,
but, strange as It may eeem, became de
voted to his mother,, and took ; up .her fu
ture abode with that lovable woman. !
expected that as eminent a specialist as
Dr. Guthrle would be npt to err on the
side of, exact and painstaking conversa*
tlon. Every word in the book seem?, to
nave been carefully weighed in the mind
of the author and, put there for a certain
effect. ' While* this takes away to a cer
tain extent fro'm the spontaneity, and life
of the style, siHl it gives to the reader
every thread, of an interesting plot and
psychological development without oblig
ing him to read i between the lines and
Jump at anv conclusions. Even in the cli
matic scene "which 'marks the conclusion
or the book-where VWardlefgh Is for tbe
second lime on trial and -Dr. Guthrieis
also breathlessly, awaiting '.the- result- of
his psychical experiment on the sister of
Huth. who has been brought to > the 'trial
for that 'purpose— ilr.V Dibble takes the
greatest care: in_ his descriptions of the
court. proceedings and even inserts para
graphs explanatory of- legal nractice t</
the detriment of the. human: interest part
of.:h!s>torj'. ; in; thW^case rthe'readcr's
interest 1b so k'eyed up/thatitis.madden
lng to haveUhe issucsof the plot delayed
while certain -methods .-of legal procedure
ard< exemplified at. lengtn.
'Taking ' the story ' as» ; a - whole, however,
It in a good one. -The: plot"; is {well con
ceived, of, strong dramatlcAinterestCand
original enough in its <reatment:;of mon
omania,'; hypnotism; and ,th'e projection of
astral bodies to" 1 pleaBe i all .lovers : of the
extraordinary. 1 .,, (Published'by'JrB:.Lip
pincott .Company^ Philadelphia, .", Price
?1 K.) :."''•- v, -;-¦ r ••;¦¦,'.; - -¦: -:¦:-,
.... V' ,r^-_ - ' ¦'
A Rodfiri,
: Sculptor. 'Al Story of Pisa,**
is a sketch that deserves more than' pass-
i ng mention: ;;,We are told that this is the
first work. of Virginia ¦L.'.'Pennoyer— such
being the case, Mrs. .Penhoyer . is to* be
doubly congratulated. * Praised -for hav
ing, entered the {field -of letters, ./or one
evidently..; so ; gifted jshould * not \ be ' back
w ard/ and again for. the excellence of this
first contribution. - True, It > "= is * • a : small
Bern; but so v well cut andso brilliant "that
it ; will far » surpass , many "*¦ more -preten
tious. ', • * . * ¦„ ~ V . ~y,
... To givo an outline, of .."Rodari". would
mean - nothing; j It* would:- present "merely
theold commonplace plot of man wronged
arid i then ; ' unthinkingly..-' casting - his i; own
selfish-: suffering - on : iS an >' Innocent > child.';
Everything i3 In; th« 'charm \of treatment.
Of ooursc.'Mrs; Pennoyer has "every aid in
the » Belcction ; of ' her ¦ subject,' 1 Itoclari, a
until we paused before that strange monu
ment of bygrone ages, the Sphinx. In the half
light of the afternoon's glow I saw that mxs
tery, part eouchant and partly buried . in the
shifting sands facing east.
¦What Ftrange dawns and stranger nights
have brightened and shadowed that placid
face, that seems waiting In silence, mysterious
and Bubllme! I forgot Time as I stood before
that mighty face, older tnan tho pyramids,
resting on that lonely depert. where no single
blade of grass cr thing of .life Is ever known;
gazing ever eastward where the sun breaks tho
gray mists that hover over the silvery wind
ing Nile and the movinjr, .animated life. The
breath from the fragrant fields is wafted up
here to this helplCFS form. through balmy
evenings and moontraced nights. A "touch
startles me, and I am led^ to the kneeling
camel, a great ,white beast— Ramescs II they
call him— and we go back to th<* carriage arid
return to the city from that desolate [ ghostly
region. V. •--. '• ' :. "-X
We pass through the fields, green arid blos-
Foming with flowers, where the camels go with
such heavy burdens, and' the long-necked. black
buffaloes work In the fields or stand in the
water \>l the canals. Men. and women. In long,
loose rcbes, veiled and turbaned, add to the
strange picture. And then the day is done.
.-Mre. Beckman not only has the pen to
{•ope with the grandest • of themes, but
even the smallest points of interest or
annoyance to a traveler receive' their due
share of notice. . r Her book is not only
of literary worth for its descriptions, but
it is of real value tp the practical travel
er. The author notes every little variance
of custom and upajre, and gives her hints
In an epigrammatic way that fixes them
upon the mind. Her/; are a • couple of.
points on shopping in Paris.
Alter an article Is purchased "one cannot wait
In placid ' content for the chance. No clerk Is
so trusted here. lie takes you and your pur
chase to the cashier; everything is copied: your
sddress. * name and age Is required ; • then you
n-*ay receiV" the change, if there is any. and If
you are 6brewd you may find out much is coun
terfeit before leaving the store. 'In Italy they
were easy to distinguish. "AH the short-necked
men on the coin* were good: those who looked
as though their necks had been "pulled" . were
bad. Here, they are. varied and ingenious In
their counterfeits, but In this world of shams
cne gets accustomed to being on the alert; so
the wary need not be deceived "very often.
iThe • book is copiously > illustrated with
excellent half-tone, pictures of .' photo
graphs taken In the various countries,
and altogether can justly be considered
one of the best . works of 'travel for tho
year. It la published by the Whitaker &
Ray Company, San Francisco.
The Sequel to a Tragedy.
Henry C. Dibble has long been a prom
inent figure in the political world of Cali
fornia and is well known as a practicing
iattorney at law. He is ¦ now -makinr his
Initial bow In the field of letters through
a novel, "The Sequel to a Tragedy,'.' which
¦will come as a surprise to. hia friends and
associates. They will doubtless" wonder
where Mr. Dibble' In hi3 active life baa
lets, over 6000 feet up the slope, pleamed like
Mars in the heavensjln the" dusk of the even-,
iiir. and seemingly a* unattainable. Everything
was quiet, calm and peaceful, bo eleeji was
\ery sweet ( that nizht. .
The following picture in Egypt is but
one of the many evidences of the* vivid
power possessed by Sirs. Beckman to
brin.i' directly* to her reader's eye scenes
of great impressiveness. She paints with
a bold, confident stroke, as charm'.ng as
it Is virile:
I made but ose excursion outside the city be
fore 'poins up the Nile, and this was to the
Pyramids of Gizcd. ; Out < of the ' town and
acres* the river, whose water* rooked Cieo
i»tra"n barjje and rippled amnns thf rusnes
where Mows lay in his cradle I eec the broad
ttrctch of water where fly «ie ever-Rracaful
boats with win^-Iike sails. ; The river's brink
prfSMUsa busy appearance. Thrones of peo
ple are h?re, washing and bathing, men and
boys are filliiis; huRe pipkins for use among
the poor, end .women and more slips of girls
carry immeiwp jara of water on their heads.' A
tlny,B'.rl win qairy a load that I could scarce
ly lift.
I saw men go down in the water, divest
themselves of their one robe.' wash It. and then
bathe themselves. It takes but a few minutes j
for the drying In the hot run. They do- not •
mind being wet. fcr the garments never seem
dry- That pertain?,' of couTse, to those who
carry the water and do then- laundry work In
the river. "„ "
The magic Xlle waters of which we have read
eo often seem 'anything- but fanciful or poetic
here, as the water is yellow and muddr. . P)ut !
people and animals drink, bathe and love Itj
as If It were the clearest ami purest. It is all
and all to them." Why not?
TVe drive on over that h»n.uti.'ul rosd tow.-rd
the pyramids, that for rcven mil"*;'* Ur>M
with the great labbeck tr»?j. arched and mwt-
Inp over the well-jprlr.klefl avenue— a bl°r«'Titf
In this country, which srircrl*- knows r"»!i—
until the road er(*.»,\fi1 w» drive rp the l<"n*
sandy slope. The desert and roi-ky platfnnn"
?re reached, and we 1 ' are utvtrr the tJiadow «f
the pyramids. - " '
I know that this is Chonny. tfvrrrl-R in un
expected hulk end m»J?s>t.v .over my h»ad. I,
think, however preconceived fn"'s Idsp.s rnny
be. the effect Is different from all Imagination.
I had not that nense of delight often experi
enced in' Gazing some gorgeous landscr.pt
or towering, mcuntatn. Here- the senses »eern
oven>owored. One Is emptied, so tt> speak, of
¦word*, of Idea*. It Is the mystsry of ages
Kune by. 1 am swed by the client, endless,
tawny tifSTt. where no thin? of life U seen to
crow beyond the borders of the river. Ard
these pyramids, built of huarc blocks of lime-
Ftone piled high upward anJ r»en asainrt th^
clear KgrpMnn >Fky, s tcr.rt!Tip^*o Irr.- Jn tl^
warm, dry air. are the color of the san-is—
Fcemirgly the color of go'.d against the Mua
cf heeven.
The impression of that visit, as I stood there
touching those massive blocks that have, stood
In p'.ace over six thousand years, can nevei
pass from my rr.Snd. Its immensity, and th«
long. vast, rugged wall that Is routed In th*
sands arid reaches so far above me. Is strangely
overpowering. My mind srems flchting tht
powerful phalanx of years that have pone by
since these pyramids were created. It Is a
place that, whatever it may mean to others,
struck me dumb. .' ¦ .
It was as well to rest "in silence, for all
ny strength W3E needed f.ir ths es:ent. A1S
though we were toM It would be too hird
to climb that steep Mope to th» top. .which
5s four hundred and eighty feet from the bas*
—and though each block measures almost thre
feet in height— we would rot listen. - 1 hurt
three Arabs to assi3t me, and- though much
has teen Eaid about their dishonesty and «•
tcrtion. -we found them kind and encouraging.
Block by block up i.'m>t niiKhty wall. ' where
many men falter nnd cnly few try. I wnt.
And although it vts fearful, worse even than
the ascent of Vesuvius. I finally reached th»
summit. I know nothing about the feelings
or sensations of otherj who tolled uj> : that
weary way. but I felt much *s I did once
when \xp in a balloon. There was the same
sensation— as though one was yJrpcndfd in air.
The broad, stretching:. undulatlnK desert;
heaps of broken masonry: yawning pits; rirts
ehowing here and there; and the number of
smaller pyramids can only be thoroughly ap
preciated from the top. The Elerra-like ridgeg
of distant hills, Cairo, Mckattafn hills, the
Citadel, and glittering domes, and minarets
ehow clearly, as if at cur feet. There were
the irray-Kreen palm proves and the emerald,
fertile Nile Valley, which I saw and appre
ciated for the first time, in all its blossoming
beauty beating up npnlnrt the sands, the-liv
ing. Joyous stretch of river keeping back the
drifting sands that seem the very embodiment
cf death and desolation. Other pyramids ap
peared In the distance. There .were Memphis
and Ilellopolls. Mystery broods over that coun
try — the mystery cf death.. The sun Illumines
the hot, dry sands and the territory of the
dead. The ehadow of the pyramids tells us
it Is time to leave. So we go down that slope
very much quicker than we went up.
At the base we found my dragoman had
procured camels, and we rode those beasts—
so c-jB?ntlal here— silent, soft-footed and sure—
found time to cicvote to affairs literary.
Still, with the example before us of .Dr.
Weir Mitchell, who acquired. a reputation
on two continents as a specialist in his
profession: and then took a first place in
the field of letters, weriust not be .aston
ished at -others who follow his example.
A busy man can always find time for
more work. It is understood that v Mr.
Dibble will rest, on his laurels with
this tirst effort, !but already has other ma
terial in preparation for his, publishers. ,
"The, Sequel to a Tragedy" is a. story
within a story. Tho event which furnishes
its motif happens some six years' before
the opening p( the tale.' and It is the
wnrkliift out of the mental complications
which follow this tragedy that gives the
title. "The Sequel." In the novel tho story
is told hy Mark Grafton. at that time
United States Attorney for the District
of California. The time occupied i3 mere
ly the 'Tew days necessary for a new trial
of Luke \V«ardleigh, who has Just been
convicted of rifling the United States
mails. AH .the other events related are
supposed to be past history, although, of
vital interest to the proper understanding
of. the present Slate of affairs. 5
This trial is tint the means for a cer
tain end, ar.d not the end itself. It gives
a, pretty opportunity for. dramatic effects
and interesting detective work, but- it is
only, the j stepping Btcne • in the - develop
ment of the sequel. It seems that seme
six years prior to this trial Luke Ward
leigh's sister Huth was out sailing: on San
Francisco Fay with L'oyd Farr!ng-ton,
her afSnncod srjtor. and. with her father,
mother ar.d .brother. Rv an accident the
4He was educated in the schools of his
native city. Bangkok, going later to Paris
to continue his studies, where he entered
the militarj-jservice and became military
attache of the Siamese legation. After"
serving therfe for some years he made a
tour of the world and on his return to
Siam was appointed Governor of Korit.
where he put into practical demonstration
many of the improvements he had noted
in his stay in the West. He completed 4
railway through Korat to Banakok: he
built pood roadways throughout the prov
ince and constructed Irrigating and trans
portation ,£anals; he established a police
force and had the first census taken
which was ever made of the province,
*jid eiv» «uj impetus tc the commerce
Far away Assam is near enough to the
Philippines to feel the throb of trade
which is pulsating from those islands and
in order to pain a share of it she has sent
the former Governor of the largest prov
ince of the country, Korat, to represent
her at the seat of the United States Gov
ernment. Phya Prasiddhi, the new Siam
ese Minister, who r»res>ented his creden
tials to President McKinley during the
cummer. Is a lawyer by profession and a
very scholarly Oriental, but withal a widu
awake business man.
take a course of stu-Jy anfi to mf ster tct
language A few years later he came back
as Consul General at New York and
pcQuently he became plenipotentiary at
The Hague. Rome ana Vienna success
ively. \
On his return to Japan he was appoint
ed Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs at
Toklo. from which position he was trans
ferred to Washington. Minister Takahira
is keenly alive to tha commercial inter
ests of his country and will do all In his
power to swine American trade Japan
ward. Mme. TakahSra. who has traveled
extensively and siwaks English and
French fluently, accompanies her hus
band and the legation promises to be
one of the greatest social centers of the
capital this season.
Our policy In the Far East has stirred
the govemmfnts of those countries to n
realization of the desirability of sccurin;
a part cf the trade that must follow in
the wake of the expansion which is tak
ing place. Japan, always alive to Its own
best Interests, has sent one of Its shrewd
est Government oSclals to have charge
of its legation at Washington— Kogoro
Takahira — as Minister Plenipotentiary-
Minister Takahira Is admirably qualified
for his important position. Twenty-five
>ear# ago he came to America as an at
tache of the Japanese legation and re
r.iained Ions c^c^ix i» t&ls cgksZt* •-
Immediately following the victory of
Manila Bay Russia raised the rank of
its Washington mission and sent one of
its ablest diplomats. Count de Ca^sinl. to
be Its first Ernbassador here; the next
year Mexico did the same and there "are
now six embassies at Washington — the
English, Italian. German. French Russian
end Mexican— ard they rank in the order
rained. ,
Now there has been a marked change In.
tilt nesr^ect. The intematioruil complica
tions which the Spanish -"war brought
ahout have, without doubt, held the Brit
ish EnbassaxJor. Lord Psuncefote. at the
Washington pest. Lord Pauncofote
reached the diplomatic retiring age two
years ago, but his iong exr>ericiice and
his sigr.al success in. adjudicating the
Venezuelan fcoundarv , affair and other
<IiScru'.tIe9 which have arisen between th«»
two countries during his ministry led his
Government to request him to remain at
He expects to retire during
the coming April and there is already
much speculation as to who his succes-.
tor will be, but as yet no official an
nouccenier.ts have been made on the sub
3ect.
r» N nothing are the results of the Sp&n
]j ish war and the policy of expansion
j! which our Government has sinco pur
" eued more noticeable than in the etlect
upon the diplomatic corps at "Washington.
Prior to that event there were 1 ut f car
*n:baE£ies in the corps and usually abouV
twenty legations and these were frequent
ly leit for months at a time in the caie
of charges d"a3aires.
Salvador .has sent one of Its former
Presidents to represent it at the American
capital, Senor Don Rafael Za!divar. Min
ister Zaldivar was President of this Cen
tral American, republic from 1576 to 1SSS.
and during his administrations the coun
try was very prosperous. On account of
ill health he resigned and went to Parts,
v.here he carried on extensive business en.
terprises. During this time he was ap
pointed Salvadorean envoy at Paris.
Rome. London and Madrid, and spent
twelve years In those cities. Ills family,
which consists of his wife, seven daugh
ters and one son, is now In Salvador, but
wilV probably join him at the beginning of
the official season in January.
For the first time In Its history Uruguay
ha* established diplomatic relations w'th
against any European usurpation In their
territories.
The Nicaragua Canal project has un
doubtedly had its-share in arousing this
desire for representation at Washington,
for of course ' the construction of that
waterway will mean an Immense widening
of Centra! and South American trade. Be
that as it may, all of the Southern repub
lics have established flourishing legations
at Washington, and the envoys almost,
without exception are men of ¦wealth, who
have not only been active In affair3 of
state, but have accumulated fortunes of
their own in private enterprises.
Dr. Eduardo Wilde, the Argentine Min
ister, is a notable, example of this. He pos
sesses great' wealth.' and. while a doctor 61
medicine by profession, he has given more
attention to political affairs than to his
practice. He has tv.lce been a member of
the President's Cabinet and while Minis
ter of Education he inaugurated some
very radical reforms in the school system
of his country. He completely separated
church and state, and established free
schools, something on the plan of our
own, and built a large number of fine
school buildings.
He has leased Colonel Colton's handsome
residence on Connecticut avenue, where he
has established the Argentine legation.
Senora Wilde is considered one of . the
most beautiful women among the families
cf the diplomatic corps, and is planning to
enter the social gayeties on an elaborate
scale.
Scncr Corrca. the Nlcaraguan Minister,
has held his present position since last
year, and Is without doubt one of tha
busiest diplomats of the corps, but when
Congress convenes and the canal bill
comes up for consideration he will be even
busier. He is the son cf wealthy parents,
and wa3 edi3cat»?«l at the best schools of
Nicaragua anil Guatemala. Before enter
ing the diplomatic service he had ma-la
quite a reputation as a jurist, was dis
trict judge at Tctonicapan and had writ
ten several. treatises on law and philoso
phy, which were introduced as text books
In the Central American universities.
Senor Fernando E. Guachalla. the Bo
livian Hini3ter, arrived in Washington tha
latter part of October, and has taken
apartments for the winter. He has a
young daughter and son with him, and
Senora Guachalla and the remaining eight
children expect to join him In the spring:.
Senor Guachalla was the former Minister
of Foreign Affairs at the Bolivian capital,
and at the time of his appointment at
Washington was the national Senator
from the province of La Paa.
Peru and Bolivia have recently sent new
plenipotentiaries to "Washington. Dr. Cal
dercn, the Peruvian envoy, like several of
his colleagues, has been engaged in busi
ness In England and on the Continent for
a number of years. He is a man of means,
and has leased one cf the elegant houses
in a fashionable part of Massachusetts
avenue, where he will establish the lega
tion. Both he and Senora Calderon are
-typical South American parents — very
proud of their family of seven boya and
girls, who are bright and pretty enough
to make any parents proud. Dr. Calderon
Is an enthusiastic advocate of the Nicara
gua Canal, tirmly believing that Its con
struction will be of incalculable mutual
benefit to the North as well as the South
American republics.
tbe umiw States. Its Minister, Benor
Don Cuestas. la the son of Its President,
and is a handsome yousg bachelor, -who
has the distinction of being the youngest
Minister of the corps. He was educated
In hl3 native city. Montevideo, and Is a
lawyer by profession. He served as Dis
trict Attorney for two terms, and at th«
time of his present appointment was tha
Governor of the province of Cerro Largo.
The wife of the first Secretary. Senora.
Howardy Arrten, who Is a charmingly
beautiful woman, will be the hostess 0*
the legation.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
fhe province generally which .surpassed
anything In its history." Minister . Pra
siddhl is accredited to London as well as
Washington and . will -.divide * his . time ba- \
tween; the two places.''*.
Even the land of day-dreams and lotus"
taters, : Persia, has awakened to the ne
cessity of cultivating, this .thriftyrepub
llo and its -Government" has," notified c. the'
State Department at Washington" that its'
former chief secretary to the! Prime^iin-,
Ister.has been appointed -Minister, at'our
capital. AH of last summer, the appointed^
envoy . was connected „ with \ '-the Shah's ¦
.suite on his European tour, but it is ex-
pected that he will sail shortly, to assume
his new duties^here. y ;. ~
The Korean ', legation '* has , been m - ; the
care '. of ;• a ¦ charge . d'affaires 5 for . sever*!
months, '.but- Prince Mim, a brother-in-law
to -the present: Emperor, has been: named
to, succeed? Minister iYe: Pong Chin and. is
now en route to this country.. He is quite
a young man ' and r during the latter/nine
ties S spent ¦* severalr ; ; terms : in <- one s of : ; the
American , colleges ! making .- a . study .of the
language and of economical questions. >'~ r
He is ver>' progressive in h's inclinations
and : succeeded in persuadingi the : Emperor
to I allow i; the ! Korean • Ministers | to discard
the national costume waoa abroad. ? IX ho
puts this permission into practice and ha.»
his suite wear the European dress it will
be a distinct , loss ; to ' the ; picturesque " elo- :
menf of -, the capital." for I one of > the' inter
esting-features of- Washington Is the Ori
entals;who ¦ travel 4 its? streets; in - their
quaint native.costunifcs."'- ;. -..-*¦
The largest additions to the corps In re
cent months have i been from Uhe Central
and South~Araerican' republics."- ; It Is said i
in diplomatic, circles -that this is; due to e.
desire rons the part/ of = these, countries to •
cement^ the "friendship <which exists 'be-:
tween i themselves: end also to the wish to
persuade * the 1 Government - bt 1 the United
States; to its ilonroe. doctrine
5
New Faces in the Diplomatic CorpsA MAJORITY of hands were held up.
Such hands: What would a palm
ist have made of them?
"On the contrary — two out of
three?" said Jaggcrs.
There was r.o response.
"Sudden death It is'."
And to Xed Glover the decision sounded
like a sentence. His mind went wander
ing back to the trial and condemnation
cf some poor devil at the Old Bailey, In
his first days of journalistic work.
By this time the last of the lookers-on
ec-emed to have arrived, filling up the
Fpa.ce in front of the saloon; men from
Platts Valley and the Ridge, aa well as
the miners of the Drift.'
Dankes fook half-a-dozen miscellaneous
coins from his pockeL
"JLet me see 'em," said J&gffers.
Dankes submitted them to inspection,
and tht-y were pronounced "kerrect."
"Heads." said the captain, "Is choice of
weapons by the Britisher; tails, the choice
lies with Digges."
Dankes, with a whispered prayer that
would havo been deemed impious at Ex
eter Hall. "Great Father, make it heads!"
rattled the coin* between the palms of his
closed hands and then flungr them, to fall
on a piece of ground that had been
tramped into somethinff like a smooth
surface. . •'
The comra'ttee bent forward and count
ed them.
"Four tails, two heads," eaid .Taggers.
The captain stooped to pick them up.
and counted them as he handed the coins
back to Dankes.
"One, two, three, four tails; one, two
heads.".
"What's the weppins to be, mister V
eaid Jaggrers. turning to Digges.
"Knlvts," paid Digges, pulling his own
from Its theath and feeling its edge, with
the eatisfact'on of Shylock in the play. -
"Parfis arid gentlemen," Eaid the cap
tain, "make way."
Hope* and ptakes were brought, a ring
marked out. the principals took up posi
tions, with their seconds; and the cap
tain, being voted umpire, lounged into the
ring. Jaegers was in attendance upon
Dicees. and Dankes stood V>y Glover. •- The
men stripped, Digges naked to the waist.
Glover keeping on his snirt of white flan
nel, the plc-eves turned up to his elbows.
Digges Ehaggy-haired, iow-browed. thick
set, bull-necked, clean-shaven, his hair
cut close (he never gave an adversary
more to lay hold on than was absolutely
necessary; "you never kr.ow'd what kind
of a cur you vras fightin* with," was his
niotto); Glover now clean-shaven, except
for his mustache, his hair brushed from
his forehead, a limber, well-built young
fellow, but slight compared with his ad
versary.
The tt.cti being prepared, the captain
ready to signal the commencement of
hostilities, Dlgrtres stepped forward to
shake hands. Ned remained at his post.
"It is the custom." said Dankes, "to
ta-Re each other's hand." •
"I'll soe him to hell first!" said Ned,
excitedly. \
"My friend prefers otherwise," said
Dnnkes. with great dignity.
Ulg-pc-s FhrugR-ed his shoulders, and «pat
upon the ground. %
"You 3re excited, Ned. keep cool,"
Dankes whimpered to his friend.
"You know whore my will Is."- Ned re
plied. "Goo»l-by, dear old pal:" ¦
"Ned, Ned'" said Dankea taking his
hand and wringing It fervently. "Ins the
man who don't make his will that pegs
out- Tonder brute has made no will.
Buck up; stand firm, watch -him. hit him
under the left rib." .
"Now, gentlemen, get to work," said the
captain, and dropped his handkerchief.
Digges lumbered forward, crouching aa
5f for a spring; then drew back, and stood
straight as a Btatue.
Glover watched him, approaching some
what timidly, as If uncertain of his play.
Then leapt at his man with a cry and
hit him. but more with the handle of his
Jcnlfe than the blade.
There was a shout of derision from the
Xriends of Dlgrges.
"That ain't no sort of SjchtlaV,' *aid>m«
CHAPTER XXV— Continued.
Copyright, JKK), by Joseph Hatton.
Joe Williams trams Glover about the Inten
tions of Dtxter, but without avail, for he seta
out for tb«* mines. Dexter hints at love to
Zella, but is repulsed.
Dexter bribes a woman to say that she Is
the deserted wife of Ned Glover, but h!s
•chen.e fails through owing to the ahrewdness
cf Mrs. O'Hapan, Zella's friend. Glover writes
encouraging letters from the mining camp.
Sella resigns her position In Duster's office.
Glover and his partner, Bolornon Danke*.
eltend a celebration at the firlft. Dlggea ln
ttntionally insults Glover and challenges him
\o A duel w.itj bowieknivee. ,
Olover accepts a mining Interest from Dex
ter *-hich -will take him to Colorado for 6everal
xnonthe. He hepps to make a fortune and then
return to marry the willing *Zella. Dexter.
however, hat made an arrancement with.
Dieses by which he Intends to have Glover
killed as *oon as he reaches the mines.
ZET.T..A BSCCKK3SSS. a member cf the Chi
cago Women's Ath'etlc Club and typ«-
Tc-rfter to Hlraic Dexter, millionaire, 1«
Snstiltefl on her -way hctne by a ruffianly
tr.Soer. Abner Dise«-». Ke4 Glover, an EnKllsh
rr.BTi and writer for the Dally M*ll. interfere*.
rutpee draws a knife and lunges at Glover,
bat 1» knocked coffn by a blow from Zella.
Jo* Vrilllnins. a detective, arrests DSrE*". but
Ms case le <J!sral»se<J -with a lieht sentence.
PiTPes ewears vengeance ea Glover. Amos
Ftorey. proprietor and eciitor of the Daily
Mail. U a personal friend cf Hiram Dexter.
Ftorey ern<5s Glcrver to r«rt an article on the
!ire cf the ci-llionaire. Dexter takes a fancy
to the fOaat raen and proposes to give him an
Interest in Fome mining ventures. Glover finds
that he- 1« llvin* above his rneane, and upon
mentioning the latter to etorey is advised to
take a room at a. certain boardJns-house. which
turn* cut to be tie same one where Zella Brun
r.en lives. Ke there meets the girl *ho eaved
hit life and whom he has fcnght for In vain.
It Is a case cf lore at first Eight. Hiram Dex
ter'« rood feeling for GJover changes to hate
when he finds that the youriff man Is virtually
the eccepted lover of Zella: for the millionaire.
In eptte of hi* ere, -wishes to make her his wife.
Synopsis.
oi the critical; aa the- umpire stepped be
tween the men and marked It as about or
round.
Digges emlled and rubbed his breast,
which was grazed and showed blood.
"First blood, anyhow," said one of the
men of Platts Valley.
"Dear Ned, why did you alter your
grip of the haft? Ef you'd struck him j
up. you'd had him. God confound and
curse him!" said Dankes.
Ned made no reply; but at the Call of *
"Time!" stepped forward and went for
his man again, evidently having laid to
heart the lesson of Dankes, that ignor
ance sometimes Is better equipped than
knowledge; but Digges warded him
skillfully and turned his 'blade. There
upon Ned stabbed at him viciously.
Digges made what they termed "fine
play" In his wards and -retreats and ad
vances and was as nimble as a light
weight.
From this moment it was a cat and
mouse game. The Drifters had seen It
played before, with • a far more skillful
adversary than Glover. Dankes grew hot
and cold as the unequal contest went on;,
stopped, now and then, by the umpire,
more. It seemed, by way of keeping up the
sporting features of the encounter than
from a technical regard for its rules.
There had been only three breaks when
"Timer" -was called for what proved to be
the last bout. Ned gTipped his blade,
with a smile at Dankes, held it low, and
waited for his adversary; who advanced
with clenched teeth and a look of savage
determination. They sparred for a mo
ir>ent, then retired; but met again. - Ned.
cleverly avoiding a deadly thrust, raised
his arm to strike, forgetting the careful
instructions of Dankes to thrust upward.
Digger caught his arm and literally
crushed it In his iron prrip. ¦ Glover's
wesnon fell to the ground.
"For God's sake spare him!" cried
Dankes.
But while he spoke Digges had stabbed
his friend to the .heart, and. as Dankes
sprang- forward, flung him Into the ol3
man's arms — dead.
CHAPTER XXVI.-;
"A BOLT FROM THE BLUE."
The fatal encounter, that was fore
shadowed even before' Hiram Dexter, al
lied himself with the assassin Digges, was
ordained. From the moment those two
opposing forces met in State street Ned
Glover was doomed. It cannot be that
Euch fateful links as those that drew
Glover to Blind Man's Drift could be
forged by chance.
It is strange that among a community
of brave men Abner Digges should nave
been permitted to dominate the camp of
Blind Man's Drift But tyranny ts in
nate in some, and it is the destiny oft
.otners to submit; some for the love of
peace, some from idle inclination, some
from timidity, some from lack of ambi
tion, some for penurious reasons. Any
how, wherever men assemble together, a
community of bandits or industrials, one
man rises to the top; one man seizes the
democratic throne and rules, often by
bluster, more frequently by sheer physi
cal force and brutality, Abner Digges,
ethletie, ignorant, obstinate, cruel, an ex
l-ert with deadly weapons and possessing
a chief share In the local enterprise, was,
a^ we know, boss of the drift.
Apart from the grudge he owed Ned
Glover he carried about with him the
blood money of Hiram Dexter. The love
crazed millionaire would never have dared
to .do the deed he more than hinted. at lo
enother; but the murder of Ned Glover
vas just as much his handiwork as that
of the assassin whom he bribed. The
news of Glover's death reached- the Mail,
at Chicago through a news agency, many
days after the event. Mr. Storey, with
the telegraphic message in his hand, went
straight to Dexter's office. Dexter had
not been seen for several days. Sam had
packed his valise for a short journey.
' Massa," he said, "was awful bad; more
than sick; just crazy."
The affair was sufficiently serious, in
Mr. Storey's estimation, to Justify the
"ITnion Telegraph Company disclosing to
him a message that Dexter had received
pome three days previous to the Mail dis-
T-atch. It ran as follows: "To Hiram
Dexter, Chicago: Your man, Glover, in-,
suited me; we fought next day, presence
of committee of camp and many, others,
a square deal with knives, after toss for
.choice of weapons. Blind Man's Drift
ain't proud of the-se affairs, but what can
you do when men get drunk and raise
Cain? The Drift gives him a funeral
equal to his position, and none but's sorry
it happened. ABNER DIGGES."
The Mail had little more to tell than
this, except to state that Mr. Glover had
gone but to Platts Valley and the Drift as
the representative of Mr. Hiram Dexter,
and also to write up the country for tlv?
Mail. Chicago had, junfortunately, had
only two letters from its able correspond
ent, dealing with the scenic and metallur
gical characteristics of the district and his
death was a loss to the community. Ht.
was one of those roving and adventurous
Englishmen to whom the world was in
debted in many ways as pioneers of civili
zation, and who carried their lives in
their hands. It was pad to reflect that al
though the frontier that divided .civiliza
tion from barbarism was so comparative
ly near them, it was too far off" for tho
Sheriff's writ to run successfully or the
ordinary influences of law and order to
have effect. In cases of unparalleled out
rage it would, of course, be possible to ._
send a posse to the rescue, but the Gov
ernment and the police had found it poll-,
tic to more or less acquiesce in the rough
and ready justice that communities of .
men living beyond the pale of civilization,
carrying on the adventurous work of the
prospector, the hunter and the pioneer of
new settlements, had devised for them- ,
selves. As a rule their free and fearless
government was not unfair, though It was
generally the rule of the strongest. In
the case of Mr. Edwin Glover, it appeared
that a quarrel had arisen between him
and the man Digges and that a meeting
was arranged and a duel' fought to'tho,
death. Glover was slain. The only fea
ture in the case that might call for Inves
tigation was the fact that Digges had a
grudge against Glover, arising out of the
misconduct of Digges during a visit to '
Chicago, where . the frontiersman hail
come to paint the city red and had met
with his deserts. But, on the whole, these
men. who, despite their lawless lives and
disregard of the common habits of civil
ized people, carried on the work of em
pire building, were best left to their own
resources. Soon as a place became too
civilized for them and the police, and the
¦ schoolmaster, and the minister and ' the
press appeared upon the. scene such of
them as did not accept the new conditions
and come under the law moved lurthor
afield, and made new camps and new set
tlements, and so the wild story of empire
building went on.
Zella had not uttered' a word for hours
after Mr. .Storey had broken the news to
her. He had found her reading to Bridget
O'Hagan a book about London. Zella had
promised that Bridget should accompany
her and Ned to Europe. For weeks it had
been the entertainment of the two, after
the day's work wasover, to sit down by '
the stove In Bridget's parlor, Brid
get with h/r knitting, with a guide
to LfOndon. *Ze.lla would select the pages
that dealt with the places Ned had men
tioned to her. Downlnc, street was a'fav
orite haunt, and the 'church of St. Clem
ent Danes, and Fleet street generally; and
Zella had traced the localities on a map.
The story of the Temple had interested
.them deeply. Zella discovered for herself
historical landmarks. She showed Bridget
a picture of the tomb of her countryman. •
Oliver Goldsmith, and promised to read
to nor the story of ."The Vicar of Wake
field," which Bridget had never heard of •*
She found Holland House and an account
of the cottage where Tom Moore had
lived, near Muswell Hill, and Bridget had
expressed herself as "kinder forgivin'
towards the brutal Saxon," who cherished
the memory of the only poet she had ever
heard of. Though Zella reminded her of
the fact that Shakespeare was a- poet,
Bridget did not understand that he was
any more than ."wan av thim that made
S'ays for the -actors, more isplcially for
Isther Booth and John McCulloch who
alas, both were dead! :• And, oh, the pity
av it that geniuses should ivver die!"
It was in the midst of one of the happi
eet evenings they had spent together over
the guide to London, that Fate timed the i
bitter blow that struck them down. -?•
"I should like to speak to Miss Brunnen
alone," said Storey, the big boned, tender
hearted, courageous Westerner. •
-"Oh, Indade!" said Bridget rather
testily.
"I havo no secrets from Mistress
O Hagan." said Zella, as Bridget gathered
up her knitting. - ;.
"I know that, my, dear child. It'is no ¦
eecret I have to tell. Mrs.' O'Hagan, how-;
ever, had best leave the room far a mln :
w* wrtwn." _ - ¦...-- ;,;.:¦-:¦:- .
"Very well," said Zella, her hand on her
heart. ¦
-Bridget, looking first at Storev and then
at Zella, crept. out of the room. :¦¦
"Bo seated, my dear child." said Storey.
It might have been best for my. wfie to
have come to you; she will later; but we
know each other better, do we not?"
"Yes," ehs said, looking at him. her lips
parted with fear, all the color, gone from
her face. v ' ¦'¦¦'¦
*'I want you to be very brave,"
"Yes," she said, mechanically.
"You are one of the. bravest, indeed,
the bravest little women ; I, -know: -There
are times when we need the command of
all our fortitude and the support of re
ligion." ...
"Oh, my God! What is it?" she said,
clutching both arms of the chair.
"Bad news, my child; bad news. I
hardly know how to teil you."
"It is about Ned? I know what It is.
Oh. my God! W r hat shall I do? What
shall 1 do?"
To the relief of Storey, she burst into*
a passionate flood of tears, an'd, burying
her face in her hands, . sobbed as if her
heart would break. ¦ - . -. ¦
Bridget, who had "lingered by the door,
trembling so that her teeth- chattered in
her head, crept back, and. with her hana
upon Zella's head, stood between her and
Storey, without beint able to utter a
word. -
"Don't speak to her, Mistress O'Hagan;
It will do her good to cry. 1 was afraid
Bhe would not take it in that way. • Na
ture's kind, when It gives to sorrow the
relief. of tears." " ..
is it?" Bridget tried t,o say, but
her mouth was dry and she could not ar
ticulate. •
"Our dear Ned Glover," said Storey, "he
has met with an accident.' '
"He's dead?" said Bridget, with a cry.
Storey bowed his head.
The poor old woman could not bear the
shock of this confirmation of her fears.
She fell prone at Zella's feet. Storey
raised her up and, placing her on a chair,
rang the bell.
The cook, who was just going out for
the evening, came into the room. She
was passing, the door when the bell rang.
"We've had bad news, - and your mis
tress, I fear, has fainted," said Storey.
"Perhaps a little water or a little brandy
might be useful."
While the cook administered restora
tives to Bridget. Storey stood by the chair
where Zella continued overcome with
grief.
"Can you carry Mistress O'Hagan to
her room?" Storey asked. -
"That can I." 'was the quick reply, and
the devoted old servant lifted Bridget In
her arms as if her burden had been an
In (ant and carried her away. \
Zella awoke from what might have been
a long trance, so dazed was she. so altered,
so aloof from all the world and yet -with
such a keen, inquiring expression In h«;r
eyes. The shock of the change in Zella' s»
appearance, the pity of it, the appealing
aspect of the whole figure, brought* tears
into the strong man's eyes, though the
thought passed through his mind by way
of consolation that people who feel most
keenly recover the soonest. He 6at down
by the girl's. side and took her hand. It
lay in his limp as if it might have been
the land of one dead.
"You know me. Miss Brunnen?" he said;
She moved her head and dropped her
eyes, the lids still wet with tears, her
bosom agitated with sobs.
"It ie common for the messenger of ill
tidingrs to excite dislike; but I hope you
will not hate me for the sake of the love
I bore him."
She responded with the slightest pos
sible pressure of her hand.
"I hope I may be of some servlce»to Vou.*
You must bear up. I am not going to tell
you that it was God's will or to advise
you to seek consolation in this or that.
Nothing can console you at present. Oniy,
for the sake of your friends, try and bear
your sorrow -with courage. If you give
way you will lose your/ health and
strength, and you •will need both." '
"I ought to have known." she said, with
every word a subdued sob. "that my hap
piness was too great to last; Don't tell
me your message. I read it in your face
the moment you spoke to me. I know
that he is dead. My dear, dear Ned!"
And saying so, she broke down in such
a renewed passion ©f sobs that Storey
was alarmed, lest she might die of her
grief.
"My dear child," he said, "be calm.
Try. dear soul; don't give way so, my
poor child*" And so on, .and presently
she grew calmer, and came out of the at
tack, but weak and helpless. . . "
"Don't mind me," she 6ald; and her
voice seemed to come from a distance, as
if some one else, not herself, were speak
ing. "I can't help it. I. am trying."
Storey had had many a hard task In the
course of his life, but never had suffered
such a tax upon his feelings. He found
it difficult to suppress an exhibition of his
emotions.
"You will need all your fortitude; but
you are well endowed— the daughter of a
soldier. Life, -you know, is only a battle,
after all; and we do not all come out of
a campaign alive. It is consoling to know
that our dear ones have deserved well 'of
their country. Our, dear Ned was one of
the most lovable." !
"Was!" she said, i "Was! Oh; my God!
Was! Give me air! I shall suffocate!
Was! Was!"
She staggered to her feet. He put his
arm about her. and led her to the win
dow, which he opened. Her eyes were
sunken, her cheeks ashy pale, her lipa
had the hue of death. The fresh air blew
upon her face, j Storey unbuttoned the
top button of her dress at the neck, and
blew into her face, as he had seen a mes
merist do to bring baclf asubject to con
sciousness. She revived. '
"Tharik you," she said, presently; "I'm
better. Thank you. i Let me move about."
He removed hi3 . arm from her waist,
and took her hand.
"I shall send my wife to you," he said,
tenderly. "But 1 thought I might be a
check upon your grief; that a man's
strength might inspire . your fortitude.
That's better; you are your noble father's
daughter. Have. courage. That's better!"
"Thank you," she said; and drew out a
handkerchief and wiped her face.
"Let me advise you to take a little
brandy, eh?"
"No, thank you. Where is Bridget?" '¦"
"She has gone" to her room. She will
come down presently." 1 .'
"She knows?"
"Yes."
"It will break her heart. Mine is broken.
Tell me how it happened." .
"Not "now. Mrs. Storey shall come and
tell you." ¦
"I don't want her. Tell me how it hap
pened."
"Can you bear it?" . li'.C/'V''
"My love Is dead, and yet I live," she
said. "My heart is. broken; God has oB
serted me; my .prayers have all gone for
naught. What else can touch me?" .
She was nerving herself to meet, with
the fortitude of depair, whatever there
might be to tell; and Storey began to
think it would be best to tell her. all. :
"He is dead?" she said,, tightening her
lips and pressing her hand upon- her
heart. . • ' ;
"And buried," Storey said.
• "With Christian j burial?" ; sho > asked,
adding in an almost cynical . tone, '"but
what does that 'matter, poor .dear? ' ; Noth
ing hurts when you are , dead;; only they
suffer who are left.- Well?'' ¦..-..
Storey did not know, whether to be
pleased or sorry at the new ton a the girl
assumed. : v-* • --. —
"You remember the ( trouble 1 with that
ruffian whom we locked up in'tha House
of Correction?" ; :
• "Yes,", fehe said, quickly. "And I re
member-fcls! name— Dlgges.".
"They quarreled," said Storey.
"They quarreled?"; she repeated. "How?
Where?" : -;\- V
"It turned out that he was the boss of
Blind Man's Orlft." . ' : ',-.-,- ---.•. ¦: -¦ -¦ -.
"My God!", -she exclaimed. '"Merciful
heaven, and you let him go* there!"
"I let him go there, rhy: child?'"
"God let him go," she said. "God
knew.".: -..-. . ¦ *. -. • -. •
- "Be calm, my child. Be patient."
"Yes, yes; r am patient. Irani trying
with all my might. 1 ' :
i "They fought a duel." Eaid Storey ,~
"with knives. .; . .Glover fell. . v .
Nay,- dear child,, restrain -yourself. V . ~.
He died in the arms o'f a friend." r
v "Yes,"; she said, clinging to f the mantel
for support. ; "Yes, I know him; , Dankes.
Give me a ¦ chair,* sir."- ¦ » ¦.
She . staggered , to ; a " seat and . sat ¦ for : a
time speechless. '
.Storey chafed her hands.
"And the man, the: fiend— Dlggres?"; she
said. : "Is he alive?"- ".
"I suppose* so."
"Did nobody. kill him? -Didn't Dankes?"
"I have; no newa to that effect,"' eald
Storey:. . .\ . -¦-.-<¦ '¦ y :.. ',¦'¦>;<¦-::•.,
"Haw many du'l to Blind HoltCa Drift?"
"Ana now, let me see." she paid, when
she was quietly settled Iv her own room,
.blinds drawn, lamp lighted, her remain
ins trunk packed for her journey on the
morrow, "what Is my programme? I ko
as Zolia; Brunnen. of cpurse. Mr. Storey
insists upon my having a room to myself,
to New York; one of those pleasant little
parlors on the corridor cars. That will
enable me to have my two trunks on
board and get. a table. The one which is
supposed to be my dressing bag contains
mv male attire, the other has room
enough for the things I shall take off for
my doublet and hese. Good! It may . b»
nossihle to make the change en route. If
Mr. Storoy and Mrs. Storey, and Ol-j
Glencoe hnd not insisted on seeing me
off, I could have pone right away to Den
ver. As it is, I travel in the opposite di
rection, tut get off at Pittsburg. In the
character of Philip Gray, or as Miss
Brunnen, as the may be. The hotel
plan, as -I rave carried it out here, would
he absolutely safe: but. I don't want to
lose a. night, which that would involve. -
Leave it open, to be decided as circum
stances RjUggesC Being duly equipped as
Philip Gray; I can direct my woman's
trunk tothe Gil.~ev. House, and complete
rny mining. outf>r and things in Pittsbure.
and so. return, through Chicago, en route
for Kit Carscn, the Red Horse Forks and
Platts Valley. - 'How shall' I keep, myself
in communication, apparently from New
York, with my friends in Chicago? That
must-be thought out. .Whom" do I really
know- in New York?- There are tfl._>
Gruneisens. / But whom can I trust?
There's the'rub. Whom can anybody
trust? At present that is the only weak
link in my plan of campaign. I must see
a way to strengthen it. If it breaks?
That would, after all. only make Mr.
Storey and Parkside anxious. I shall see
my way to arrange that part of the ad
vance, when I am a man and have put
on my man's thinking-cap. And what
about rays anrl. moans? I-et-me see. I
have bills for a thousand dollars, whic'.i
I have mailed, registered, to Donvor,
where I shall stay -at least a night.
About mv person I sKall carry as many
more. The lawyers said I might draw
• upon them for any funds I might require
in London. But London is a long way
off: and supposing I get' killed? Well, »f
I do. they shall liury mf» with Ned and *
pbnll be content. . So. for thf> present,
-Gocd-by, Zella Ilrunnen" Welcome the
coming.' speed the parting guest. God
strengthen the arm of Philip Gray! Is it
an impious prayer? I hope not. When my
father went out against the Indian braves
on tne frontier, strong a soldier though
he was. he offered up a prayer for vic
tory and the safety of his Zella. Th> In
dian braves prayed to the'r god3 alsol
But even tho Chicago Baptists say we arj
helped according as .we help ourselves.
Snmetirhes heaven selects an instrument
. of /vengeance. That Is my role— heaven's
avercrer'-.* I hope I pm not going craay'
No. I think not. .: If I am successful they
will call me a heroine; if I, fail, a maniac.
But I shall not fail.' Dnvid triumphed
over the. giant. Goliath, with only a sOinac
[ and a: stone. God willed it. Now. Gol'ath
was only a soldier. ¦ Abner DIgges is a
monster. -a thousand- times 'more worths
nf His .vengeance thaniGollath was..' :}
thousand times more reason why I shou'
vnnnulsh'him." - : ,,/
I3arly ; the next morning Zella was t'r
center., of much attention at the railtren
depot. It was. not a Jubilant cnmpanv
that was. assembled" to say "good-by" to
her;" but- it was nctlcable -for its Vfforis
to:, .'cheer "the traveler.- ;,- Mrs. '.Storey
brou.?h t her flower?. The president of
tha Women's Athletic Club contributed
to 'Zclla's Jewelry a small gold and
gemmed badge of ; membership; "a tu.Ua
man: of g"o<l luck.^my dear; wear it al
ways." /Old Glencoe brought a Scotch
plaid that he commended to her for trav
eling on the English railroads; "Barbar
ous contrivances,: my child. In ( which ye
are lust liable to ¦> be 'frozen 'to death If
ye dinna provide lyersel' ,wi* this kinfi o*
comfort." The lawyers sent her a packet
of important papers.' which they suggest
>fl she should put awar safely, in her bag.
Poor- Bridget O'Hagan. -though Recover
ing from her shock and subsequent »,ill -
ness, was not well enough to understand
that ; Zella' was going - aTray, which v wn<
better than if she "had had to run the
risk of another attack of nerves.". Atla<»t
the train glided out of the depot,- midst
the waving, of other hands and handker
chief s \ besides those "of : Zella and her
friends: and: the, girl .was- at last alone
She closed the door of : the little room
¦ezaminetl'the-apartment, found its pri
vacy even .more complete than she had
imagined it. " :
saidV^U^-i^ 6 to-flrcM-hW- she
CHAPTER XXX. \
ZELL.A BRUNNEN ARRIVES AT PRU
. DENTS GULCH,. U "
- . "Kinder lonely up here at the Gulch
these time, ain't; It. Jim ?": 8 ald Solomon
Dankes, pulling off his •. big*, boots and
u-armlruE: . his stocklrusad teet at ¦ th.i
Zella FurTercd a little in her moral sens?.
She hud not been frank with her friend.
She had prevaricated. She had not quits
told the truth, though she had not ex
actlylied to him. But she hafi one defin
ite object In view. It demanded a good
dehl o-f diplomatic skill, besides courage
and a persistent concentration of purpose.
So she exe;:secl herself for the little sub
terfuges behind which f>he had taken
refuge from Storey's sympathetic ques
tionings.
-"That's right. I'm glad to hear you do
not altogether Intend to he a recluse. Do
I know the Fifth avenue friends?"
.."I think not. They are the Gruneisena
and have a house on the Hudson."
"Oh, Indeed. Well, you are quite right
to pay; them. a visit."
"I shall stay at the Gllsey House."
"Why the Gilsoy House? I thought
that ¦was more of a man's house."
"Oh, no," she said. Mr. Glencoe says it
Is a nice place; and the president of our
club also recommends it; she stayed there
nearly a month once." .
"Very welt, my dear. You seem to have
made your arrangements?" •
"Yes. I, will ask you to be good enough
to send me any papers or letters or any
Instructions you think useful to me to the
Gllsey House if we den't meet again be
fore I leave."
"Eut, my child, we must meet again."
"I have a great deal to do within the
next few days. Having never been abroad
before my outfit Is no end of a business
and I •will have to see to Bridget's affairs
and take my leave of the club; and — oh, I
can't tell you how many things I have on
hand. So. if when I call to say good-by
1 should miss you. consider that I have
said it now; and give my best respects to
Mrs. Storey and a thousand thanks to her
for all her kindness."
"I hate saying good-by, anyhow," ha
replied, "when my heart i3 in my har.rJ.
as'it is when I offer ii to you.uiiy dear
headstrong, lovable, soldier's daughter,"
he said, with a queer kind of smile. "But
I don't want you to go without a parting
shake with your most devoted friend. Do
you understand?"
"Yes. dear friend." she answered, this
tears both In her eyes and her voice.
He leaned forward. She looked up at
him with a trembling lip. He kissed her
with much formality on the forehead and
said. "God ble?s you!"
• :"In a' few. days."- ,¦ " ,,. -¦
•'I win see the lawyers :fc>r you. They
are already In communication with their
agents, who ha.ve cabled them some notes
of an interview with Mr. Lorrimer. He
seems to be a gentleman of well estab
lished position." ;.".r/
: "He wag our dear Glover's most Inti
mate friend; almost his only friend, he
said.'.' ' ; , ,
¦ "So I understand.- Glover mentioned
him to me. I wish he had recommended
you to some female member of his fam
ily."' ,. ,
"His mother and father are both dead,
Zella replied. " ¦ «
"A ptty. Had he no lady relatives?"
' "Not one whom he ever mentioned."
"Ah, our London correspondent Is a
married man. Don't know what his wife's
like;. she was a Philadelphian. I shall ask
him to have her call upon you." / .
- "My dear. Mr." Storey. I really wish you
would not. I would rather feel my way
and judge for myself. .When I want any
lady friend I will cal) on your correspond
ent. If I am. in any difficulty. I will go to
the United States embassy. Let me alone,
with my grief and my troubles; I shall be
far better so."
"Very well; on one condition, that you
cable me from Liverpool, and your ad
dress In London, and that you write me
on your arrival there how you are received
by Mr. Lorrimer.'*.
"Very well," she said, somewttat re
luctantly. "I shall stay in New York a
little while before sailing."
• : "What do you call u. little . while, my
child?"
"Oh. I don't know. There Is a ladiea'
society there In which the president of our
Chicago Club is Interested. I have prom
ised to give her a report of It. And my
father, you know, had some friends In
Fifth avenue. I shall look them up."
"Not about my going alone.' .,„. , T
_ "Very, -well. ; Mistress Z«lla Willful. I
•will have letters prepared for you to our
correspondents In . London and Paris.
"When do you. think of going?"
am -' thinking of your comfort and con
¦venlence." - ¦ ¦ ' _ .
VI will write and tell you i how I ret
along," she said.
"Can't. you get some lady friend to go
with you'i" -"•' -..¦•¦
"I would rather go alone."
"Then I suppose there is no more to do
said?"
After walking some distance she jumped
upon a car and made her way to States
street, and thence to the Grand Paeiric
Hotel. She strode out with a manly gait
along the wide corridor, passing the hotel
desk .and mounting the short flight of
marble stairs' to\the dining saloon; tnok
her seat; gave her orders.: ate one or two
of the many, dishes: that comprised the
midday -meal, and then, sauntering into
the-hallway, took a chair, propped its
back against the wall, lighted a cigarette
and < opened: a financial paper;- which she
affected, to study while taking note cf tht
manners and customs of the men who
came and > went, smoked big cigars, sa
luted ; friends and . acquaintances or "ad
journed to. the bar*to drink. -:
1 She saw Mr. Storey talking. with a New
Yorker who often visited Mr. Dexter at
the Palmer House. ;PresentIy another
New Yorker joined them.- She recognized
him ' as - Mr. Dexter's u chief confidential
friend and adviser. They .were conversing
very, seriously.-. She : left , her seat and
¦parsed : by them. ,. so ,- close that Storev
movedout'of her_way,"and she begged hfs
pardon.' "He's mad as a hatter, that's the
lfact.".;?ald one of the New Yorkers; "he's
writing to us the dog blam'dest letters you
.ever' saw." -."But -where the devil he is
puzzles ; the , police !".; said ' the other. ¦ "The
letters carry, post marks, I guess," said
; Storey. "Sure enough.", said the conftden
-tial. friend:. -"but,, followed up: ever . so
smart, we, don't find a.traceof him.": "A
'queer thing the: human, impulse .they, call
' love," said Storey, "when : It grips a fellow
of ) GO ..with l the freshness' of a new and
mighty inspiration."
• Zella : had •; taken-: a room at the Grand
.Pacific' She -had arrived,. with a trunk, to
alU appearance ; by train and had regis
tered .as? Philip Grey; New York. / Her
room. was onthc fifth floor; at, the farther
Send. :. Watching her opportunity, at any
: time i she ; could "half 'open the door and
take a view of the entire floor. This was
fortunate; because she went Into her room
as ¦• Philip. Grey and? came out as i Zella
Brunnen.- 'A voiding. the lift or taking It.
as seemed.niost safe :and convenient, she
¦ managed to elude ; ob.vrvation ; not that
being i recognized :* Involved j any: danger of
discovery; sheimight easily have been vls
- iting a ! friend Ion , any; of the . floors of the
hotel. ->¦ She • had itaken is care . to : have ! her
trunk C fitted \ with ' a special double lock
andjshevcarried the key of her room in
her pocket.vi v^ ¦ •- '«:¦-: ';'-¦ ": -¦¦¦-'¦' :...-- ¦¦
' "After;; many/: successful l experiments • in
the. art* of 'masquerading as a. man, Zella
announced ' her ' intention of * leaving for
Europe.* Mr.'- Storey had tried , to : induce
', hereto : change ; her J mind, but : had • been
overcome when Zella said she thought the
; change would-be g6od for her health. He
-suggestetl that she ought not to travel by
'her«elf."- : r ' '¦:.". <: ¦¦'¦ ' : ' . ' '¦
: . "Why. 1 not?" . '''^^^X'^JjaSW^SSES^m.
.. - ii_^, young and f pretty ... woman '. traveling
alone, eh ?"*'--;-.•' :U* *:¦":-= -.¦:-;-¦.'-.¦";,•-._;¦¦ -.. , .
"'"Younger than she looks,".Bhe said; with
a sad smilerV-a good deal; and, as for be
ing* pretty;; you .might have, spared me
\ that. . . --•-..'; ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' . : .-. - - •.;
;r'"Why,'my;dear child; you ; are pretty
- and ,you know, it. 'And -It is no. reflection
?on you:to say you are young." :-.--•-.-./ -.-•
¦;* • '•I; know you? mean ; Ittkindly."
; ."I don't meanitkindiy inUhe sense you
mean— an empty. > foolish compliment. .1
AS A YOUNG MAN. ZELLA CALLS
¦¦Ji .HERSELF PHILIP GREY.
Zella. for the time b:ing. almost forget
ting her sorrow In the. success of her ex
periment, thrust her hands into her pock
ets and, as the commonplace young man,
strode defiantly -on her way back to the
city.* She. had read In Emerson- how he
hadfoundthe Englishman to be him. of
all men. who stands-: firmest In his shoes.
Glover had presented her'wit.. Emerson's
works-and had commended to-her more
particularly the "English Traits." This
was a bit of national vanity, which Ze'.Ia
had suspected; for she knew that the un
meaning jibes : of. poor Bridget O'llagan
now and then rankled in his mind. Ned
was. not a strong man, as we have seen;
but he was a lovable follow. Weak men
are often more lovable than men of stror.y
character. .Emerson had taught^Zella a
good deal. Some English" peop^4 know
more about American authors thin Amer
icans themselves; and, in not a fev.- in
stances, it has been left for America to
pioneer some of the most eminent of Eng
lish authors. Zella. had dwelt upon what
Emerson said about concentration as the
secret of strength in all management of
human affairs; ?o she focused her mind
upon the mission she had laiddown for
herself, and stood firm In her shoes.
- • • _i ;
CHAPTER XXIX
Here' the cook < and Mr. Glencoe wero
fussy about the call of the shipping clerk.
Glencoe hoped. If she really was going
to Europe, she might find it convenient to
employ the young, fellow's firm. He
seemed a most agreeable young man, and
he whistled "Auld Lang Syne."
-As the shipping clerk, Zella had bought
a complete outfit of clothes, suitable for
a young fellow who mlsht be seeking his
fortune as a miner— most of them sec
ond-hand; none of them expensive. These
had -been delivered, in a' heavy handbag,
to Philip Grey. at the Grand Pacific. It is
hardly necessary to say that, although
for two niehts the assumed male guest.
Mr. Philip Grey, had a room at the hotel,
he had not slept there. On the third day
he packed a trunk and had it dispatched
to the Mountain "Hotel, Denver; where
Ned had stayed, on his way to Red Horse
Forks and Platts Valley. - Zella wrote, on
the Grand Pacific note paper, requesting
the manager -to takf care of the trunk
until her arrival. .She hoped to follow
It in a day or two. Of course, she wrote
as Philip Grey and liavlns seen her trunk
on an express -wagon, she went home, as
Zella Brunnen. • ¦
;-¦ She .whistled a snatch of "Auld Lang
Syne 'as she sauntered down the pathi to
the roadway. Old Glencoe, 'catching the
famlllar'and much-loved strain, TemarkeU
to himself, "That's Just a verra genteel
young man",; and retired to his own room;
thinking of the last time he had sung the
rational song in unison with the entire
household at Parkside. on the night be
fore poor Ned Glover left for Platts Val
ley. "Eh. but the poor lassie is hard hit."
he said to himself , as he .took up '¦¦ for the
twentieth -time the mapiupon which he
had marked out the poor, fellow's route
from Chicago to his fatal ' destination.
"There it is," he said, brushing from the
mounted sheet the ; escaped dust of a
heavy pinch of snuff ; "Chicago, St. Louis,
Kansas City. Denver, St. Lawrence; To
peka. Kit Carson and then'into the wilds,
so to speak. Not that Kit Carson, Is too
civilized; but by stages to Red Horse
Forks, and from Red: Horse Forks, this
side I the Platt River, and then by mule
or pony,, or on shanks'* mare, miles: and
miles to : the valley and the Ridge and
Blind Man's Drift. Weel, It's just a divvle
of a journey! And only to think o' that
puir lassie wanting to. get thither. But
that s weel ended. - She'd butter gae to
Europe.. The hdose'll seem nae better
than an empty kirk without her; but the
shaken mind maun be occupied, lest it
break up aetogether." 'This man; Mr. Lor
rimer, Glover's London friend and lawyer,
seems to be a reliable person. Mr. Storey
can gi'e her nae end o'. gude Introduc
tions; and there's nae sma' sum ' o' gowd
at the end of it. Yonder Solomon Dankes
maun be a verra honest mon. He's made
a full declaration c' the value o' Glover's
share o" the Drift. Ah! weel. It's just a
wonderfu' warld; and it" ha'e beer weel
said, wo dinna' ken what aJday may bring-
> ''Thank you,- sir," said Zella; handing
the card of the agents with. whom she had
already:* been in communication. -In-pre
eentingr * it and herself at : Parkside she
had, .as nearly as possible, imitated the
voice, and manner of one of the clerks at
the shipping office.; —
_ "That's ail we can say, I believe.". said
Glencoe as Zella took up \ her soft hat,
with a bow and "I thank you sir."
:AH 1 can aay, young man, is that she
is. not -at the, present time in the house;
but if you'll leave your card she shall ha'e
it, and I'll e'en tell her what ye ha'e
said."- ¦¦¦'-¦ : .; ¦ -; ,,-;.- •" : ; .-;
If . the young lady, should .be making
the trip,' there is ;no better line than the
American, I. guess, though we are agents
for all. of -them und.wlll be happy to give
her-our;best attention and the cheapest
possible fates.'.' -•. .
A quiet.' sense of i pleasure ¦warmed her
blood,- to hear the 'hard-hearted* Glencoe
speak of her, in such • a kindly spirit and
call •< Parkside "home." Her' face flushed
for a msinenti' too, at the success of her
disguise. = It was a suit she had purchased
at * a * ready-made { store, . where she I had
called one evening. In an outfit that Bhe
had S selected from Ned's i> clothes In 'the
room that had been left untouched, as he
desired,'.. and , that had remained . so . far
sacred to his memory, except for her own
incursions Into It.;- V
•-"It's nae settled, that I am aware; that
Miss Brunnen goes to Europe," * he . said.
'The dear lassie talks aboot it; but we're
all hoping she will stay at hame." ;
v After two weeks of rehearsals In male
attire, Zella arrived ene day at Parkside
In ; her disguise and asked for Miss i Brun
nen. u- The cook • saw her. '¦¦: Zella : gave a
commonplace r- name -and- said .i that she
had come from a shipping agent, under
standlnar.that Mlsa Brunnen was thinking
of making a' trip to Europe. : The cook,
being busy. , called .* Mr.- Glencoer who; oi
late had taken quite a practical share, in
the management of the 'house.- He-bade
the young, man -take a Beat. :-;
c*rning which he advised her that it had
been the custom to carry It, not in a belt,
but In the bosom for the handiest use. '
After a while Zella .spent a great deal
of time in Ned's room, the r door locked,
the; blinds drawn. She was therv- fre
quently when the, household .thought sh"
was in the city. . Here she would a t tire
herself in the clothes = Ned had ' left be
hind, completing her man's attire in every :
detail; and then moving r."oout. v sitting
down, getting up, "¦ lying: on the bed, dros?
ing ti undressing, and making herself;per
fectly, familiar with her male, equipment,;
often pausing to wipe. away lutter t'«ar3.- -
_Every day she: paid : several vUlts sto 1
Bridgets bedside. Only -once in,a\way.
aid '; tho old woman recognize ,' hov, and
then only; to smile pathetically, ant!." J*
she spoke, to talk of thedays DeforeHhe
advent of- Ned Glover,' as if all? recollec
tion of the event vthat:-had .struck.her
down had been wiped\out. >Bridgot one
day,, however/- recalled the j prize i meeting >
ac the Women's Athletic ; Club.fe-Zella *told >
,her she was still one of the -most* regular
.attendants. The ; president,* 'v hearing >^of
Zella's trouble, had strongly • advlswl ¦ her
to seek occupation in every. way." : Havimr
¦ given up . her ¦ position Cat the' Palmer
House the girl. had plenty of time. on -rlier
hands. Storey "too,: thought it-* would bo
good = for her .< to V meet > her, friends and ; go
about and see people andiwork and so on:
Nothing like being busy, he sald.'He even
offered her a i place in i the 1' office of ¦ the
Mail.' But Zellaisaid fpr>the*prcs<«nt-f lie,
-would seek such< relaxation, as she re
quired at /.the; Athletic j Club.v ; -
It was noted; by hert fellow-members
and competitors that Zella dressed herself
in these days with more regard than ever
for the'freedom of!the;llmbs. vOf late she
had taken a fancy to the practice of sword
' and . dagger,: f en ce.'i' The French ' tutor; was
,'more'than" pleased^ with the « girl's enthu
1 siasm. / He was ¦ her. slave." When she said
she would like . to* study the methods that
made ']tho?.bowle jkulfejinotorious,''-* if not
famous, "in. Southern; conflicts,* he took no
end : of trouble to • master ' it. -' One- day. he
came to her, accompanied ¦ by,! a ' Sou ther n
officer from New^Orleans, an old i gray
beard, who had seen the latest "of > the no
torious duels: in Uho 'South,*- and with va
. rlotis. weapons," including, the' knife. ; Thti
'¦ business in a- battle with ¦ the bowie '"¦ was
verymuch (on*a;par )with a' duel with
rapiers. . He undertook , to show her. all he
knew, and' on : an ¦ evening -when* 5 the ' gym
- naslum « was ? very J much ;. at" her * disposal
Zella! ; took ' a v lesson - from j. the : , Southern
gentleman in attack and defense with tha
bowie. *.-. Thenceforward, almost -to the day
.when she disappeared? from Chicag-o, she'
was j constant ink her.;-, attendance •¦> at " tha '.
1 club, •; and 1 - the i Southern graybeard,"* ran
sacking ' his small' armory > reminiscent : of
a -soldier's '¦ life i on:: the plains; and in' tha
, war . : of ., North v and? South," presented her
with.* a rare specimen' of the bowlo. con-
ZELLA BRUNNEN'SJ EXPERIMENT,
CHAPTER XXVI1T.
The story; of- Ned Glover's death vra«,
after all, only a passing incident of the
Mail's varied -and ; = exciting. : news. Ned
Glover's colleagues on the nress werr not
sufficiently intimate with him to make his
loss, an occasion for special mourning.
One or two of. them had, indeed, resented
his success; and more than, one or two
what they regarded as his superior:alrs.
On^tho whole, however, he 1 stood ¦ fairly
well with them, and in Mr. Storey's esti
mation his accession to the Mail staff had
*£ n - Kreat importance and his career
full of promise. But with the reshuffling
of the cards in the editorial room and the
burning- questions of thedav to occupy
the staff and the reading public, the death
of Ned Glover was a mere drop in-th<»
ocean of news, >. a fact which enabled
Zella to carry out her adventurous
scheme with creator faoMUv than if the
tragedy of Blind Man's Drift had been a
matter of national importance. V • -
. Having, as she believed, placed the af
fairs of Mrs. Bridget O'Hagan. in a fair
way- for -thelr'.proper administration (the
doctors believed the old lady would re
cover),' she set about the preliminary
equipment of herself, mentally and physi
cally, for her scheme of vengeance. The
boarding-house marveled that Zella could
take her loss so phllosephically, that she
could talk about it and contemplate a
business visit to Ix)ndon in connection
with, the dead Englishman's will and
other- personal matters. ' Old " Glencoe
thought the poor girl just a wee bit de
mented; sometimes, he said, grief took
that. aspect. Storey thought her eccen«
trie; but, he said, she. had been brought
up amidst skirmishing and hard fighting,
too, on the Indian frontier,- and death
In its most violent form was not un
familiar to her. ¦ •¦¦• • But then he con
fessed that, young as she was at the
time, the death of her father. had nearly
broken her heart; and that he had-wit
nessed no exhibition of grief so Intense
as Zella's' when he brought her the sad
tidings of Glover's death. He concluded
that she \ was hiding her feelings under
a cloak, of philosophic resignation; in
which he was confirmed by the' pallor of
her cheeks and the dark hollows about
her eyes. ' • ¦¦¦'¦¦ : " . . . -
Having convinced herself that, so far as
she was concerned, and the "possibility of
justice being done. in regard to the death
of her lover, the incident was considered
to be closed, Zella allowed her original in
eplration of vengeance to develop. That
it might- be the easier for her, - she set
about making open preparations to visit
Europe.' Not that had no intention
of carrying! them out, but first she in
tended, to go to' Blind Man's Drift. Her
mission thither being ended, she would
betake herself to London and fulfill the
wishes of her dear dead. She cared noth
ing for the • money value of the position.
She would have started for Europe with
a very slender purse, to fulfill the slight
est desire Ned might have expressed. Had
he lived she- would have been his wife;
now that he was no more, she would love
and venerate his memory as if she were
Indeed his widow. And first, she - would
begin by. avenging him. To that purpose
certain : secret, and public preparations
were necessary.
On the other hand, Mr.' Storey . had
promptly sent out one of his cleverest re
porters to the scene of Glover's death, at
the same time giving him Instructions to
consider himself Miss Brunnen' s repre
sentative.- The lawyers of the Mali,* whose
services Zella had accepted, also intrusted
the reporter with a commission to gather
for them all necessary information con
cerning Glover's affairs, his alleged will,
and every thing they considered necessary
in the interest of Miss Brunnen and that
of the Mail.
Zella urged that Blind Man's Drift, ac
cording to the maps, was only a hundred
miles from the Red Horse Forks, which
was little more than two days' ride. by the
stage from Kit Carson" or thereabouts;
surely that brought the district within po
lice jurisdiction? ; That was so, they said,
if Intervention was .called . for in a big
way; bu£ , not in' regard to minor '¦ occur
rences; and, moreover, if it were other-'
wise, the Drift was altogether beyond the
ken of Chicago. <
Of course," she might employ a detec
tive; but they assured her that his ser
vices could be of no possible vaiue in such
a case. In districts like Platts Valley,
the Ridge and Blind Man's Drift it. was
not so much the distance in miles as the
character -of .the country, and the new
mining region was a wnd, unoccuplea and
vast extent of mountain, forest and ra
vine, with no proper settlements, and
stretching away into comparative blanks
on the map, as the young iady would per
ceive. If they exaggerated the outlook
somewhat, it was only to emphasize the
fact that she. could obtain no assist
ance from the authorities.
¦ They did not know Zella. >i Bhe hkrdly
knew herself. -With a sudden and strkngo
resolution ' in : her mind," that : contemplated
the :avenglng;of j her v lover's death, she,
nevertheless,-* with ; diplomatic aptitude,
gave herself a margin- of other chances.*-,
. She interviewed , the police. Unhappily
Joe Williams was still abroad. The chiefs
told her, .. and Mr." "Storey indorsed their
point or view, that the case dldnot^call
for their Intervention. Had' it been one of
murder, with malice prepense, they might
have taken a hand in bringing the culprit
to justice. -Even if it had assumed - tho
character iof. an ordinary shooting they
might,. in' deference to Mr.' Storey's 're
gard' for. the man and the Influence of the
Mall.; have -sent a 1 posse over to"; Blind
Man's Drift; but the encounter .appeared
to have been conducted on: the. legitimate
and recognized lines of the'duello, with
seconds, referee or umpire, and all the
otht-r safeguards, the aifair taking place
in presence of the camp. In such a com
munity., outside the paie of civilization a3
Denver - and ¦ Chicago understood \ civiliza
tion, there was nothing more to be said.
THE .'TRAGEDY' OP -BLIND MAN'S
, DRIFT. ; ;
CHAPTER ; XXVII.
•|About twelve or fourteen, I suppos*.**
you, Mr. Storey," she said. "X
will go and see after Bridget now."
"May, I ring the bell?" Bald Storey, rtng
infi^it as he spoke. ,..;
Itwas the. cook who replied to ita '¦¦.
"The.mistress Is- better now," she said.
Make her a pot of tea,' cook," said
Zella.. •:¦ ¦;->."-¦"' r ¦:¦-.-¦¦-:,, -.-:¦;¦- ¦•'.... ;
"I was Just doin* that same," said the
cook.- ".,..-¦¦ .;¦¦-.¦:•-.-,-¦-¦ .•..¦,¦•
"And r will* Join her," added Zella. •
£ "Yes,' , miss," ,- the cook replied, and left
the room. . ., \V . -.-.;- --r -¦.¦.¦'-•¦• -v ¦•"'¦-
Storey hugged himself on his expert-'
ence ; that i they who feel deeply recover
the sooner; but he was amazed, not tosay.
just a trifle disappointed, at Zella's very
quick; recovery .-„. But. after all, he .was
only, a^euperfldar observer. - .
Zelm s 1 almost : sudden calmness .was the
result 'of an inspiration of vengeance.
"Ki! Hi! Hillio 1 " shouted Dankea. And
down the trail came up a responsive echo:
"Hi: Hi! HUlio.'"
"That liis voice, Dave? Or ia it a hec
cho?"
"I think it's a heccrto."
"I think so too. Let's try again — Hello!
,Hello! Hello, there!"
"Mate ahoy!" came up sharp and strong
in quick response.
"That ain't no heccho. Dare."
"I gupps not," said Dave. "Shall I put
thin ps out for you?"
"Why. certainly," said Solomon, whi
once more addressed the valley below and
the stranger in particular. "Hello' Mate,
to you, and welcome!"
"Thank you, mate." was the reply, now
close upon the cabin. Dave had the* enft^a
on the stove, a loaf of bread on the table,
flanked by a dried tongue, a tin of buttPr
ant! a hr.m brought from the Forks by a
mule train on its return from the mint*-*
with ore. There wns a jar of whiaky on
the chest behind the door, and on tht»
table mugs and a jug of fresh water.
"How-d'y'-cio? How's the fnlks?" said
Dankes, addressing, with pleasant an-l
friendly familiarity, the young fellow,
who stood for a moment tn the doorway,
bronzed with the open-air travel of many
days, a loose neckerchief tied about his
throat, a loose coat over his arm. attireu
In a workadny fashion.' and yet suggesting
something of the gentleman.
"Thankee," was the quiet reply "I'm
very well, but tired, and the folks is just
fine."
Come right In, young feller."
"Thankee. Mr. Solomon Dankes I ¦be
lieve?"
"I.b'lieve so, too," said Solomon.
"Heard of you out East, as one who
might be hospitable to a stranger, and so
considered it might be wise Just to paas
through Platts Valley and inquire for
Prudents Gulch," said the stranger laying
asifle his overcoat. -^ksSI
.."You did the right thing. Sit down;
you're welcome."
"Thankee," the stranger replied, drop
ping into the comfortable barrel seat with
a great^slgh of relief.
"Come a great ways?" Inquired Dankes.
with, his characteristic drawl, that Indi
cated. In him both 'reflection and kindli
ness.
"Why, yes: pretty considerable." said
the stranger, with an assumption of man
ly case. "Had no idea or the distance."
/'Hungry. I guess?"
"You bet. Hope I ain't too tired to
cat."
"Hope so. likewise, else Dave and me'll
be. disappointed. Dave, whar's ttie
whisky?'/
"I think I smell coffee." said tha
stranger. "I'd rayther a cup of coffee,
thankee." ; ..
"A3 you. please. This is Wberty Hal!,
as the Britisher as was my pard used ter
say, .so long a? it ain't abused. You'ra
not a Britisher. I reckon?"
\~ "No, I'm an American; born on tha
plains, raised on the plains." said -ZeUa.
with 'a" great effort to keep down the ruah
of emotion that disturbed her at the men
tion of Solomon Dankes' partner.
' "Don't aay so? Well, that's good. Now.
Dave, my boy, let Mister "
"My name's Grey— Philip Grey."
-"Why. then. Philip Grey, draw up and
try Dave's coffee. A real good hand at
makin* coffee; a real^good hand at. moat
thengs, come to that."
"Oh! that's all right. guVnor," said
Dave. ,
"Calls me guv nor now; before the days
of my pard he used ter call me boss. Ever
traveled much. Mister Grey***
"Not nutch."
"To Eu-rope, for InstanctJ"
"No. Mr. Dankes.'*
"Hope to?" ¦¦>--"
.. ".Why.. yes.". . ..
. "1 mean ter, yet."
'To look for the stranger."
"Stranger's ill rig.*it. I marked the road
for him, and showed him he'd see the cab
in by the light."
¦ "But you've never lighted no lamp." sakl
Solomon.
,"As I come up. stove wa3 a-splutterln';
you'd opened door of it, and winders was
sninin' like a planet."
What for, Mistei Dankea?"
"He made out a lot o' things was differ
ent In England," said l>ave; "but I reckon
we could show the durned old country :t
notion or two. Now. then, you Jim. git'.
You wants yer supper? Come on, then."
And the next moment Jim was feeding
contentedly and with relish. in the fur
thermost corner of the cabin, while Pave
began to put things ready for old Solo
mon's evening meal.
"Dave, gimme the lantern," said Solo
mon.
"That was kln-:l o' poor old Bill," said
Dankes. "See that I give him a drink
arul a dab in the fist, Dave."
"Oh, that's all right, guv'nor."
"And what's the stranger like?" smooth
ins: his beard and buttoning his coat.
"LJke a young city feller sech as we git
prospectin", as they says a-engineerln', an'
seen; but no tenderfoot, nay ther; sort o'
high an' mighty In his way, but civil.
Says he's come East."
"Dogtired, eh? No greaser, no tramp?"
"Nary one or t'other; sort ns may ha'
lost his way. Well rigged in a kinder
sorter camp dandy — 'the day we celebrate'
Sunday suit o' workln' togs; a young boss
kinder jay."
"Twilight in England, the Britisher uso
ter say, larsted for hours; our'n's no soon
er on than the moon strikes in and the
fireflies lights their lanterns." said Solo
mon, opening the door of the cabin and
looking out into the night.
"Euchre T"
"Never plays it; ain't got money to play
euchre."
"Draw poker?"
"Nor draw poker, naythur; what mad«t
you think of sech things, guvnor?"*
"Got nawthln' else to think of At tha
moment, Dave," said Dankes, with a
laugh.
"Then you will have, guvnor, very
scon."
"Indeed, that's good; it's very lonely
of nights."
"Used not ter be."
"No, Dave; . It didn't uster, but "
"I know; don't let on. guvnor. You'll
have company. I tells yer. very won."
"Shall I? What sort of company,
Dave?"
"I've been kep' down In the valley a
piece. There's a feller wants ter see
yer."
"See me?"
"Ter see Mister Solomon Dankes; regler
dog-tired, come from God knows whar or
hew, "cept as he've gotten a mule along,
and mule's deader beat than him."
"A young feller did you pay?**
"No, I didn't say so; but he Is a youngr
feller."
"Comin' up the trail. I tethered his
mule — he calls it a hoss — by the shanty
at Sharkers Bend. Jumper Bill was
around, and we agreed, as the mule 'bject
cd to comin' up the trail, bo we didn't
press it. Stranger had gotten what h«
called his baggage strapped and worried
on to his back thet mysterious, I left
Jumper Bill to rescue It and haul It up.
stove: for. though It was eprlnsrtlme, and
even warm down on the vailey. tha nighta
¦were cold on the mountain side, where
Dankes' more or leas luxurious cabin dom
inated Platts Valley. ¦ overlooked BUa*
Alan's Drift and faced the distant mininc
camp of the ridge. _«»J»'«i
Jim looked up at his master and snortea
an affirmaUve reply. ?«_-«-»,? -
"Guess I'm too tired to wash to-nl*nV
Dankes continued, now divesting wmMir.
of his heavy Jaoket and reaching out for
an old coat that hung upon a chair cios©
to his hand. "Don't seem to be up to
makln" my own coffee either, nor lxsntin
of the lama" ¦ , „
Jim stretched his forepaws In a Iaj7.
sympathetic way, and then stalked to na
master's side. ' .
"You're a bit fatigued, too, as S*ea
Glover would ha' put It, eh, Jim 7"
Jim yawned and lay down at his feet. .
"Gues3 you mi3s the Britisher, bad as
me, Jim?- Had your supper.- Jim?**
Jim woka up at the word supper ana
stood erect. ,
"No? I'd ha' thought Dave would na
given It you before he went down to
the Valley. Seemed to me as I seen him
makin' for the saloon, as I came alons.
No; he aint been thar'? "Why. then I suesa
he'll be comin' in 'fore long; and I'm dog
goned if I don't wait for cay coff.ee till
he do I"
Jim wagged his tail and ran to the door;
then ran back again, and barked, cheer
fully.
"You think he's cornln' up the trail?"
Jim barked afresh and leaped at the
door.
" "Cupboard love.' as the Britisher -would.
ha' said; and yet he was fond of you. Jim.
you old sinner! For that matter, ho
know'd most things, 'cept how to take
care of hisself. Where's them shoes? It
was Ned as l'arned me tba comfort or
shoes. - A regular ctvillzer, as you may
«?ay, was Ned Glover. God rest his soul,
for a lovable feller! God forgive me, for
ever makln' him take that fortifier as I
fear was his undoin'! Not as he would
ha" thought so; for it was his idea a3
everything Is destyned, and everybody
doomed to this or that from the moment
as he was born. Why. hello Dave!"
Dave and Jim were struggling together
— Jim in welcoming leaps and yaps, and
Dave In pushing the dog aside.
"Why, I'd giv' you up, Dave!**
"Had, eh, guvner?"
"Concluded you was 'avln 'a night hoff."
"What d'ye think I'd do with a night
heft?" . '
THE ? SUNDAY O Alili.
(Continued nest wwfcjl
6
IN MALE ATTIRETHOSE four bears that I killed e:t tlw
divide between the Fraser and the
ocean just saved my life. '~':'\ r ~.
It Is true that they nearly killc-1
me- in the first place acd laid roe uo .t
cripple in the Canadian woods for three
•months, but if I had not had them to
cat I should have died ot starvation where
I *ay, for traveling was out of the ques
tion. ,.;..'.-7;.,
1 left Vancouver in the latter part of
July, taking with me the lightest sort of
an outlit, and barely inough provisions to
t toe a week. A heavy coat and nay
regular clothing was all the protection I
tiad from the weather. A bag of food con
taining flour, coffee, bacon, hardtack.
Migar: and a heavy /evolver tor defense.
comprised the balance of my outtit.
The resion to which I Intended go:n<j
had been reported as showing rkh placer
prospects and some tine float rock had
been brought in by a -aimer who gave me
• the- exact location in which he picked it up
1 via* BuffSrtrnHy fiiiniliar with the region
to recognize his dt^criction and by tie
rough and unworn condition of the roc*
I knew that he must have found it cla-se
to the original lodge from which it came.
• ror that reason 1 thought it was better
lor me to make the trip alone, as thers
vould be one less mouth to keep closed
• unUl I could make the necessary investi
gations and arrange tor filing the claims.
i>iy first day's journey v.as a hard on-j,
as it w;.s alniuet continuous uphill work,
my intention being to get up in the highoi*
ndgts, where there was less Umber iu
the way of traveling, and as the rocks
wore more exposed and less covered with
Cftritus tfa<r« was .-ilso a better chance
of making tome- discoveries I y the way.
The tecond day l made very much bel
ter time, for it was nearly all* level going,
3usi tiious-U of up and down to rest my
leg.-- with the variety. There was no brush
in the way; on the contrary, there seemed
. to be on the very top of the divide a regu
lar trail, which had probably been worn
f'V wild animals, as I was far away from
paths of travelers and there were no cat
. tie In that reprion.
I made camp somewhat early In the
bead of a little ravine below the too
nf the ridge. It was an Ideal spot, shel
tered from the wind. A small stream tum
bled over a fall at the upper
¦end of the fiat and fell again
fis it loft the lower end. so I
¦W3S in a way shut in. as there were *tet?D,
rorky walls on the sides. With my hunt
ing knife, which was heavy as a machete.
I cut four pronged saplings, stuck them
In the gTound. put two poles In the
crotches lengthwise, laid fnme springy
nmbs across the poles, and had Uv
Inundation of a very good cot to keep me
ctt the ground.
After cooking my tupper I stowed my
•provisions under the bunk to keep the
<-!ew off them, built a good big fire and
l.ny down to enjoy a smcke. It was some
v. hnt cold, being held up with a free draft.
cf air circulating uiiuer me, but I was
tired and soon went U> sleep.
It was not long before the cold awoke
me and from then until nearly morning I
•/pent my time huddling myself together
end shivering. About dawn I fell soundly
asleep and from my wakeful night leav
ing: me so weary I must have been in a.
rrjrular trance, for I remember half wak
ing up and dreaming that I was swinging
in a hammock and that a large number
of pigs were* running around playing tag.
A heavy Joit nearly threw me off my
bunk. I awoke with a start and heard
. a frightful "woosh: woosh!" right under
me.
Threfl bij? bears were sniffing at my bed
and one smaller one was rooting around
¦under It trying to get the provisions out
cf the sack.
. A Mow with the barrel of my pistol on
the back of the small bear under the
bunk made him jump back and snap *»t
me with another "woosh. woosh." l!ko
the noise made by a frightened hog. As
he retreated a little way I got hold of tha
V>sg of provisions, •which •was all wet on
• the ouiFirte from hi? having mauled It
mund with his mouth. Taking It In my
left hand nnd my pistol In my richt r
barked carefully away up the little gion
under the impression that the bears
v.ouid leave me alone, but as soon as I
tried to climb the steep, rocky path oy
which I h3d descended their appetite*
feemefl to get the better of their man
¦Rfrsar.d they came after me, the little
one first of all.
I think if it had not beon for the fool
ishness of that little bear the rest
of them misrht have gone away, but It
rr-emed to hav« no fear a*Sd one of the
bi-=r nnes**. which was its mother, followed
it up jrrowling. evidently intending that
lio harm Fhould come to it.
"Cross as a bear" means something. It
if not a mere empty expression. I real-
Jzrd that when I was being bullied
e round by those bears, not darinij to run,
not wishing to shoot for fear of precipl
titir.g an unnecessary conflict.
T knew that an old bear with a cub
•was th» worst of all kinds to handle, for
they arc quicker, crosser and meaner thin
sry other kind, so while the cub was
bothering- me the most I determined to
try to kill the o!d one first. I did not
know all about bears, but I knew enough
cf them to realize that there was no use
rhoniing at their beads, which as a rul?
only makes them angry -without hurting
th<*-m. unless struck in the mouth or eyts.
My hand was not any too steady, so I
•could not do thK but I did get a bullet
'.n about where I wanted it between the
Tif'k r. nd shoulder.
Th«-- r«T**ort of the pistol and th* srrowl
<-.f Th<-> wounded bear diverted attention
for a minut? and cave me a chance to
p?t un on the. hillside and replace the ex
ploded empty cartridge with another:
sIfo to rnpty ray oartridsre box into my
fTket. where I could get at the car-'
trifipep easily.
The wounded bear had recovered from
T-i«*t chork and came for me. but with
r>rn* 1aTf\pz unless. I had Just time to
finish p-ettinp the pistol closed, -when the
Two other Inrge bears started as well. I
pot a bullet Into one of them somewhere,
that dropped his hind legs -useless and he
nrfr.i rii-aprc-l ntr himself by his forel*>K».
Only the third bear -was now too close
for combat.
How I did it I flo not know, hut for some
time I managed to flr around over the
Kides of what was almost a cliff. Bound
end tovai the vallev. Jumping from ledee
to lrdrp. up PM side. acros3 the slippery
Jiead Where the water trickling over the
rocks made them elimy and mossy, then
dnrn the other ride, across the foot of
the <2p11 and up again. It was a regular
race between us and Just at this nnint
Trhere I wert.down to cross the side of
the canyon, the bear gained on me every
tine. While I could ed alonsr the side
•hill fartT. he -was much quicker and
more carelep? in his way of rolling down
h\\\. I tried wreraJ shots at him. each of
which took effect, as was shown by !n
crejrsnd pnarllngs find a way that he had
of biting, at the place where the wound
wriR made, as though some living thing
had bitten him there and he wished to
caicJi it with his teeth. I had now but
cne shot l'jft in my pistol and no time to
j>ut in more, for the bear was close upon
In trying to hurry and gain time I
rtunbicd a? I went down the side of the
canyon to cross the foot of the flat and
»»efore I could ret up the bear was on
ne trcth and claw* all at once. In his
rape he fortunately missed my hands.
1 cocked the plctol, pressed it to his side
¦
The most thankful moment of my lif*
was when, approaching the coast with the
last of my provisions gone and nearly
ready to drop and die. I heard the bark
ing of dogs at an Indian camp on an
inlet.
Those Indians were full of the kind of
charity that counts. From the little that
they had they gave me all 1 needed.
One of mem. an' old hunter, had once
been caught in almost the satne way that
Many a time, overturned by my scanty
pack. I fell to the ground from pain and,
weakness, and then, unable to rise but
driven on by will power atone. I would
crawl and drag myself forward with my
hands. In me san» way that the bear
with the broken back had «1one.
I should have been tempted to cut It eft.
for It seemed Impossible that It could r?*"
. heal. Still the worst was over; it could
not hurt any more than it did then."
That was a consolation for me. I began
to feel quite cheerful over the thought,
and started In to make plans for the fix
ture. One thing that, struck me very forci
bly was that I should have to eat many
a meal before I would be well enough to
get away, if ever. And. fortunately, thera
was a fine supply of meat at hand.
Better, still, there were bearskin robes
to keep my 'wounded body warm, and.
. best of ali perhaps, there was bear's
grease in plenty to use as an ointment to
heal the hurts the bears themselves had
made.
It was a good illustration of being cured
by a "hair of the dog that bit you."
The tirst thing I did was to sharpen ray
knife well on a piece of gritty rock by the
. water. Then I dragged myself over to tha
closest bear.
I got one-half of the bear skinned very
nicely. Then came the awful work of roll
ing him over on his stretched out hide
so that I could skin the other side. Again
and again I tried, and thought each timo
that I shculd die in the attempt. Fortu
nately it was a trifle down hill, antt at last
I got him over. After that it was easier
work. . I began cutting the meat oft
In strips ana laying them on the hide.
The tag of provisions was not far away.
From it I took salt and pepper, of which
1 had fortunately brought more than was
required. 1 mixed up some together and
rubbed the mixture on the strips of meat.
"When I had a number prepared I hung:
them on a stick and laid it across on two
ro< ks to dry- The? work was getting Inter
esting new, ami I commenced to feel Hka
a sort of a second Robinson Cruaoe. only
tftat I was much more handicapped, for
he had the entire resources of a largo
tropical island at his command, and I had, 1
hut one small rocky dell. He had tha
cargo of a freighted ship for stores. I
had three dead beats and a smalt hand
sack of provisions. He was whole and
strong: I was maimed and half-dead.
Fortunately for trie there were large
quantities of i'owii timber on the little,
flat, and if took but little exertion to get
it.
Having demonstrated to myself that
there was to be no danger of starving, t
prepared an . unusually good supper ot
broiled bear's meat, biscuit and coffee,
after which, -lighting: my pipe. I set to
work to tan the bearskin by rubbing It
with grease ami smoking it over the flre.
Although not completely tanned, it mada
a welcome addition to my covering that
night.
The next day I began with more enthu
siasm than I should have believed possi
ble at my work of butcher shop and tan
nery. I dressed the remaining two bears,
so that they would keep until I could get
to them to cut up the meat. From the*
intestines 1 prepared some fine catgut
strings, to use in snaring birds In case I
should need to do so.
When I had finally completed cutting up>
the meat I had an easier time vrlth my
work, which was simply to smoke it and
do my own cooking.
Ft was fortunate that I had been com
pelled to such painful activity during th»
time that I was first wounded, for it gava
the injured muscles and tendons tha
stretching which they needed, and I think
' it is to that and the large amount of fresh
air I had that I. ewe my recovery.
It w.-is slow and painful at best, for
while the exercise had helped the muscles
it had not helped the bones any. and they
knitted more slowly than they would have
done had I been able to give them th«
required rest.
For two and a half months I lived on
the meat of those bears and the carefnlljr
economized provisions which I had with
me. I then realized that, although I was
unable to safely risk the long trip which
I must make to get to the coast, the In
creasing cold weather promised a snow
fall, which might bury me for the winter
and forever.
How far or how fast I could travel I
had no Idea. It was then necessary for
me to take all of my small stock of food
and my bearskin robes as well, for with
out them the cold frosty nights would
have chilled me to death.
/ The pack was not a heavy one for a
strong man, but for me It was a moun
tain. How I ever made the distance to
the Indian village on the coast I cannot
tell. It seems to me now a miracle. In
miles I do not know the distance, but in
steps tt was hundreds of thousands, and
each of them, short and halting though
it was; cost me more pain than I like to
remember.
7
THE SUNDAY CALL.
HOW THE BEARS SAVED THE LIFE OF
W. J. LAMRICK
when nis grip began to .loosen, he Threw
hi* head back, and I was free to crawl
clear of him.
1 hurriedly emptied the shells from the
pistol and reloaded It from the cartridges
in my pocket.
The bear which had hurt me was evi
dently In his last strueplcs. The cub wa3
cafely away at the upper end of the flat.
The bear •with th« broken back and drae
ping hind legs was vainly trying* to nurse
his wound. The other 0:10 with the In
jured foreleg was coming for me. It took
three or four shots to settle her. By this*
time I was getting so weak from loss of
blood, pain Rnd terror thai I wanted' to
He down and give up; but by laying my
Injured leg on top of the other one for a
sort of sled, I managed to drag myse'.f
along on my hands up the flat until I
was able to put a finishing shot In the
broken -backed bear.
Some mnre painful crawling got me in
range of the cub, for I was now trembling
no that I could not hold the pistol to shoot
at any distance with accuracy. Luckily
my first shot struck the cub. , He. show-
Ing either more fear or sense than the
others, started off on the up trail and was
o.n<S HreA. at the same time StleWMr t*f
knife into him with the other hand. My
etrength was nearly gone and when I
withdrew the knife to Jab.-bim tipin 1
was too weak to pet it through his hide
*rd wa» feebly trying to find a soft spot
•©on ©nt of sig-ht. .
I was glad to see •, him po and did not
risk bringing him tumbling back wounded
by another shot.
I was bleeding, badly and - knew . of - no
better way to stop H than to crawl to the
«vrcam and-let the eold . Wiuer run'ovcr
the. wounds. The pain of this -was Intense;
but It washed the dirt.: out and I; noticed
that ' the flesh : gradually, turned white and
the bleeding ceased. \l was thirsty; almost
to choking. . Lying down with my tired
head resting- on^a-^rocfc 'at the .water's
edge... I drank-? and flapped .- It up like' a
thirsty dog. -'%That'did?mejinore good. than
anything. elBe.''-p'm^4 / W^:~i'i<\ --.'¦'¦: '.•¦¦•; .
? After my drlnkjIUigi down and slept, to
rest only by. fits and ,'ftarts. I kept thlnk-
Ing that . there . might • be more bears : com
ing,^ and; the pain- of my 4 wounds wasun
eeasing. < :.x ¦¦,:¦¦' ;¦-.-. ¦--*.¦¦ - : ¦ - ¦¦,::-.- *¦-; i
.- -Moving ;¦- about 9 painfully . and slowly
thoughal dld,^ It seemed, to easemy.mind
from the horrible prospect before me of a
slow death In thosa dreary mountains.'
,-'¦ I; knew, from the ache In my. body, that
there. must be broken ribs in it.'- "Whether
they .would ever knit bo that. I could crawl
out of my,.' rocky prison was a ques tlon.
My leg was a sight. If I had known how.
I Tiad been, ana bis sympathy" for" ma was
the - deeper.iMsq09aMpft«!MM^«*s«M6aBnmMc
Having some business of his own at
Vancouver he agreed to toko ma there
in his canoe.
And hera I am.THE SUNDAY CALL.
KRIS CRINGLE is going to outdo
blzsself this season. More novel
tics in toys are on the market
. than at any otKer season In years.
The general prosperity of the country is
reflected in the variety and costliness of
these gifts. Doll houses with electric
lights, baths of running water, electric
call bell? an.i the like run up to $150 this
year, nnd there ar* cinematographs and
mechanical music box figures that reach
three fijrures in price, too. ..
To show the boom in the toy market It
.Is only necessary to glance at the Imports
during the la^t few months. One estab
lishment alone brought in $s:iO,OiX) worth.
Yet each year sees Uncle Sam less de
pendent upon the Nuremberg. Paris, Vi
enna and other foreign toy makers, as
mechanic? in this courtry are fast acquir
ing the ir-grcnuHy and deftness essential
to clever tcy manufacture. The toy bus
iness cf Amerira amounts to millions of
dollars annually. Many thousands are
engaged in it, and Yankee versatility is
never shown to greater advantage in a
rmall matter, at least, tha'n in the re
markable way sowing machines, upright
and horizontal steam engines, cinemato
gTaphs=. theaters, dolls, locomotives, forts
and fclf-propolk-d boats are imitated in
loyland.
A s=trcll through the big warerooms of
a rr.p.r.ufaetur'-r and importer of these
Dordtlea revealed the following:
Some I'M varieties cf dells, costing from
ter cents to $13'.\ depending principally
upon the amount and expensive quniity
of the garments accompanying them, are
shown. The vocabulary of. the talking
dolls has been wonderfully enriched by
A mechanical animal outfit that drawn
"ohs" and "ahs" from all the youngsters
who are fortunate enough, to Eee It La ja.
In the animal line crouching lions, ram
pant tigers, Pomeranian dogs, elephants,
woolly sheep and mooley cows that can be
milked are shown, with great fidelity to
nature. Their skins are for the most part
real fur or skin, and all have what the
toyman calls "natural voices." As a mat
ter of fact, a turn of the cow's head does
evoke a familiar "moo," and the- lion
makes a startling roar when a ring under
his threat is pulled. Simultaneously his
tail twitches frcm side to side and alto-'
?cthcr the monarch of the forest is well
calculated to scare maiden aunts who
came upon him In Ralph's or Teddy's
hands unexpectedly. These animals cost
from $7 to $22 50. N
his feats. These moving figures are made
in Paris and few are ever duplicated.
Consequently they are very expensive.
: >ized doll: 'AH have, rubber tires.. Some
.:.' are {electrically "driven ; by ; a ;two-cell ; dry
w". battery.; hidden -In, the, box of thecarriage;
; Mothers are propelled b>\ means of a heavy
lron« roller; which gathers force when
Yet with all the toy novelties that deal
ers show each year one-halt at least of
the child population will tell you that a
doll. is dearer than any other toy In the
world. • • . ,
' Of all': toys made In this country and In
Europe. the doll easily leads. In Germany
there are whole villages devoted to the
doll Industry. Every man; } woman and
child in them, seems ,ln some way -to" be
occupied with the manufacture of^rninia
ture babies, kyen at school, iwhicn the
German . child 'must , attend between the
years of 7jand 12, the sewing lessonsare
taken with. dolls.* clothes 5 for models. The
work Is done by the cottagers in their own
homes, and every Saturday Tjight the
week's* output Is turned in at the factory
which is little; more than a receiving ano!
shipping bureau. • -"¦---..
r One is i Inclined to envy such a vlllaee
andjmaglne the Inhabitants to-be a lov
ous.\fro!lcsome.set ofpeop!e,,but the fact
Is that toyjnaking Isfa. most prosaic busi
ness. _ Besides, no one person is allowed to
make a complete doll. In one x household
the.papier mache foundation for the heads
harbeen; the family occupation for several
generations.' Year In and year out that
family 'has done nothing from dawn until
: A. combination pool table and parlor re
turn pool set Is another popular offering.
This Is a regular fifteen-ball, six-pocket
affair, with triangle for setting 'em up,
cues, etc! The ancient diversion of throw
ing balls at the dodging Ethiopian is now
transposed to Toyland, and may be played
In winter as well as in summer. A ball is
thrown from a cup, like a pigeon trap
against the wooden figures in a frame
like a tent. =.The manikins are numbered,
and the game goes to the one who hits
the higher numbered ones most fre
quently. , \
suasion,* for it really .will do practical
plain sewing. To all intents It is a. small
sized regulation sewing machine, about
a foot hi-gh. It can be clamped to the
edge of a -table/ and 13 very stronsly
made. It has the latest patent feed mo
tion, a perfect stitch regulator and a self
setting j^ieedle. with a short blade and a
lohg shank.' It weighs sixteen ounces and
sells for about $3.
TVajrons and- cars are made In much the
same way, except that wheels have to be
put on by hand. Hundreds of women and
men do nothing else from eight in th»
morning until six at night but fasten
small wheels on tin wagons and locomo
tives. Others spend their daylight hours
in fastening little tin candlesticks to their
bases, the same candlesticks to be used
In Christmas tree decorations. Ameri
cans are taking away that industry, how.
ever from- the German and Swiss work
men these last few years. Most of th»
cotton wool angels, stars of Bethlehem,
colored glass balls and bright tinsels with
which the trees are beautified are made
In the busy wholesale streets of New
\ork. even If they do come In boxes la
beled "maae in Germany."
Toy making Is not a profession which
calls for a great amount of srray matter
on the part of the worker. Neither does
it In this country, where, expensive toys
are not manufactured, require any parti
cular skill. Deft fingers and rapid execu
tion are the main thlr.gs. The workera
labor from seven or eight o'clock In the
morning until six at night. They are not
pair! weekly wages, but by the piece.
Their earnings . average from fifty cents
to Jl ".0 a day, according to the difficulties
of their several tnska. The girl who
paints ' the tuiws" cheeks makes seventy
five cents a day, and the man who does
the "-wheeling" makes twice that sura.'
Stringing drums pays the laborers about
.fifty, cents, painting clowns fifty and
painting horses *i- Especially difficult
work, cf course, pays better. Small a-»
the- wage seems, it is far better than tha
German and Swiss work people are able
to earn for a much higher class of labor.
In the -years to come, when our toy in
dustry really develops, we may have a
large Immisration from the toymaklng
villages. Perhirs we shall see certain
small towns in New Jersey turned over
'to the toy makers. It certainly seems
worth some' capitalist's experiment. No
matter how great the financial depression
people always buy a certain amount of
toys at the Christmas season, and. Indeed
at all other times of the year. Toys are
real necessities of life as a matter of
fact. "Without them a child's life Is hard
ly lived at all. It is pleasant to know that
very few little ones are required to go
without Christmas presents, even If they
axe deprived of them at other seasons.
' .¦_.-¦ . - -
possrble manner, being" first cut. then
stamped into the proper relief and sold
ered together. Even the painting is dona
by machinery. The useful an<I delightful
tin kitchen is built almost entirely by ma
chinery. First the flat sheet of tin is
run through a- machine which puts on
a flat color, red or green or magenta,
whatever the prevalUng tone is to be.
Then comes the embossing, and afterward
the sheet, still flat, goes through a third
machine, which paints only the embossed
places. The kitchens are next cut out
and shaped, and the stove and range iJ
rut In place. This much almost entirely
by machinery. The next stape Is the
painting of the range and other details.
This Is hand work and la mostly done by
girls and .women.
pushed hard for . say ten reet and then
Bets a couple of cogged sprockets, going.
The cheapest automobile sells for 55; the
better ones readily fetch $10.'
Electricity^ is adapted to the toy thea
ters, too-, nowadays. The footlights are
tiny electric bulbs. The call bell in the
prompter's box Is art' electric one, and
variously the new adjunct Is made ser
viceable for the little folk. A theater two
feet high, with two curtains, three com
plete: sets of scenes, including "wings,"
"flies," etc., and characters for a popular
' five-act^ play sells for $26 50. Less elabo
rate thedters are sold as cheap as $3 50.
A tandem outfit that sells, for $42 con
sists of a go-cart of polished ash, seats
with russet leather cushions, two horses
as big- as Shetland ponies, mounted on
platforms with wheels at the corners, har
nessed as the regulations of the swell
Metropolitan Tandem^ Club set forth, and
a scat behind for a footman.
A hand power toy sewing machine al
•&ays interests tho&e'bf the feminine per-
dark btit mold y*raty heads. To others is
given the task cf cutting out and sewing
up the muslin bodies. Still others stuff
and complete the bodies, paint the faces,
fasten on the hair, set in the eyes and
make the clothes. The very expert are
permitted to handle fine dolls, whose hair
and eyebrows are actually set In the wax.
The Christmas doll, like the Christmas
poem and the Christmas story, begins its
existence somewhat in advance of the tea
son. May, June, July and August are the
busy months in the- factories, and travel
ing salesmen start out with their samples
about the time when the retail shop* are
selling firecrackers.
The task of putting on the doll's com
plexion Is Intrusted to girls, as a rule, the
theory being that they have a hereditary
talent in that direction. One girl paints
the generaj flesh tone, and another puts
the rcses of health on the cheeks. Still
another outlines the Cupid's bow of a
mouth, without which a doll wouid be no
doll at all. There Is some real artistic
taste exercised In this decorative process.
The shade of the cheeks must tone exact
ly with the n?sh color. The least deviation
wouid be noticeable. Nothing remain* to
complete the head but to glue on the wig.
The arms and legs are built in much the
same way, except that less care is be
stowed upon them. Finally all the mem
bers are turned over to the finishers. Bar
rels and baskets of dissected dolls, sug
gesting heathen massacres or surgical
wards of a hospital, fill the finishers*
rooms. Men and women work with amaz
ing rapidity fastening the dolls together
and laying them in baskets to be sent to
the dresser.
"We make comparatively few Iron toy»
In this country as yet, but our tin and
wooden productions lead the market. The
rise In the price cf iron has given the tin
toy a new lease of life. Besides, there to
always a brisk demand for twenty-five
cent toys and the tin horse and wagon,
trolley car, engine and drum are peren
nially popular.
Tin an i real 3 are made In the simplest
Second only in popularity to the cine
matograph are jhe toy automobiles. -Some
are large enough to accommodate a good
In 'the nautical line there are big battle
ships, more than a yard, long, with twin
screws, operated by both steam and elec-"
tricity, and ¦ guaranteed to' run for , fifty
minutes. The deck can be lifted .oft and
the propelling machinery started -'with
ease and dispatch. Somg of these
"Olymplas" and "Brooklyns" , cost $25.
For half that sum | miniature dispatch
boats may be had, and torpedo destroyers
and launches are even more reasonable.
In the railway line. It- Is now poEsible'to
procure not only tracks.' sidings, switches,
signal towers and semaphores.' but : grade
crossing sign3 and gates, bridges, tunnels,
telegraph poles. and freight and passen
ger stations— all more or less equipped
with electrical devices. Locomotives,
tenders and as many passenger, sleeping,
dining, flat cr freight cars as desired may
be had of steel, making them practically
indestructible. The propelling force is
electricity, in dry batteries, or steam,
for the most part, although heavy coiled
springs are still used in the cheaper
grade of goods.
big bulldog, "as large as life mid twl;; -
as natural." in the words -of the revered
.P. T. Barnum. The dog has the -tall 'of n
wee pig in his mouth. Wind up doggie'*
springs and he cavorts across the floon
dragging the wriggling. squealing porker
behind him at a lively pace.
Other dogs, pigs and big dolls blow
soap bubbles automatically and dip up ¦
tho water and blow hubbies that <rnvelop i
the dancing figure of a clown or soldier,
making .a toy within a toy. as ,lt were.
AH the scap bubble toys find their in
' ppiratlon, so to speak. In a pair of bellows
"In their midst." '
Perhaps the newest thing In doll acces
sories is the doll's dresser. This is built
of white enameled ¦wood, and has a silken
canopy top and beve'ed mirror. All the^
toilet articles on mothcr"s bureau or chlf-*
fonter are .here found in miniature —
brush, ecmb, buttonhook, atomizer, ! ?hoe
horn, bonnet brush, powder puff, etc.
The drawers are plush lined for the re
ception of tiny jcv.elry. un<l dainty knick
knacks. ,The drajicries are of silk, lace
edged, and altogether dolly khas all the
comforts of homeX? . »
Dolly herself thfe year Is a Joy for
ever. ICo such thing cf_ beauty was ever
eeen. From her tnodi«h bonnet to her
patent leather shoes she Is a faithful re
production cf the fashionable woman of
rbe hour. Her pink ; automobile coat is
of real panne velvet. Her frock is as
etrictly up-to-date. Her lingerie Is a be
wildering drram of fiufHness.
For the joung masculine mind there are
horizontal engines and upright ones of
cnc-sixtoenth to one-eighth horsepower,
perfect In overy detail. Some of thesxi
cne-sixteenth horsepower engines v/ere
ehown at the Paris .Exposition this year
as paper weights. " Then there are toy
acrobats most wonderful to behold. The
figures stand more than a foot high and
e.re duly caparisoned in silk tights, plenti
fully bespangled. The face, as a rule, Is
remarkably natural looking. Inside the
body a mest extraordinary arrangement
of rprings and searing: causes the gym
nast to do stunts exactly like those seen
at a club gymnasium en ladies* day. The
figure balances himself on his hands,
" grasping the" backs of two chairs. Then'
he raises himself to a perpendicular po
eltion. with his head downward. One arm
lifts : he right chair clear of the floor and
extends It outward and then curls It* up
ward. Then the chair is slowly replaced
In Us criminal position, the gymnast
• waves a lftss to his Imaginary admirers,
" turns a flipflap and resumes his original
pose. All these movements are done to
strains of popular music emanating from
the box under the chairs. As the figure
moves every part freely, save one hand
and arm. it Is evident all these complex
- motions must com© from mechanism ' con
cealed therein and running down under
the platform oa which M. Plon Plon does
the adaptation cf the phonograph to the
anatoiiy of the doll. The prlma donna
doll of? to-day can sing in a marvelous
way. The old familiar "Papa"-"Mamma"
• 6queaking doll is a rude back number
nowadays.
8
CHRISTMAS TOYS
AND THEIR MAKERSturelika to prey upon the dead, and ba
ins there thwarted might perchance turn
their evil powers upon the living were no
safeguards provided. To further hinder
the progress of the imps, whole hampers
of small pieces of bamboo paper are cast
loose, through each of which many small
holes have been perforated. Each llttl©
devil a* ho comes to these pieces of pa-'
per in? his way to follow the body must
crawl through every hole in them before
he can continue, 'i bat is one of the at
tributes that the3e eptrits of «vil acquired
during their life upon thi3 earth— that of
prying and getlng into every small place
where they had no business; looking and
crawling Into every loophole; sneaking
and peeking throush every opening.
. For the rest, the trip to the cemetery
Is not different from a Christian funeral
except that the pace Is as rapid as tha
horses can take.
The new Chinese burying ground 13
nearly two miles west of Oolma, It ia sit
uated In a little dimple of a vallev which
nestles In the very top of th© range of,
hills that divide the waters of San **ran
cisco Bay from those of the Pacific
Ocean.
Here on the hilltops the bones of tho
departed are as olo.se to the Flowery
Kingdom as they can be placed on Ameri
can soil. The islcd cf thw Eastern sea as
the Chinese see them are the isles of tha
Western sea to us, and the spirit ia there
fore on its way In the- same direction that
the bones. will follow, for this is only jt.
temporary cemetery and after years tflo
bones will be dug up, carried back to
•cnina aid laid in tho tomb of hl3 an
cestors aa r. part of the contract of tho
association of the Suey Sing.
Despite the fact that K la but temporary
aa to each individual, it looks permanent
enough on the whole, with its large, arch
ed gateway of masonry, inlaid with
graven marble tablets.
Along the foot of the hills are a num
ber of different colored stcne altars, and
beside each of them is a small crematory
furnace for destroying the property of
those who are brought to be buried.
The coftin when taken from the hearso
is placed upon the altar, dozens of can
dles and incense sticks aro set up about
and lighted. The clothes, bedding, cooking
ana eating utensils, books, papers, and
ail articles of a personal nature which,
had belonged to the dead man and had,
b«en used by him in his lifetime are placed
in the crematory and burned. Carved san
u«ed by him«ln his lifetime are placed in,
the crematory 'and burned. Carved san
dal wood and tertk boxes, silk garments
with enameled silver buttons, satin caps
with coral knots on the tops— all go into
the pagoda shaped furnace and with then*
plenty of prayer papers, which, burning
and mingling their translated potencies
with the astral forms of the burned prop
erty, still defy the voraciou." imps.
Above four hundred of the friends of tha
deceased have come to the cemetery.
Whole baskets of Incense sticks and spirit '
candles have been lighted and placed all
about the casket on the altar and where
the grave-dfrsger is at work, for It would,
not be well to dig the grave in advance oC
the arrival of the priest with the prayers
and charms against evil, lest the powers
of darkness would flock to the place and*
He" In waiting for the departing spirit. H
is hard soil and the grave-digger works*
as. though gold were within roach of tha
point ef his pick. Clods fly from the opem
pit and rice wine drenches the ground un
til it trickles tlown the hillside as each of
the four hundred again offers a libation'
to the lips that have turned to dust ,
The grave being completed, the rones]
are prepared for lowering the coffin. Th»
music which has been continuing become* 1
more subdued, while the song of tha
priest rises louder. The entire company,
shake their clasped har.ds before their,
breasts and bow a solemn cood-by. Aa
the remains are lowered the priest seize*
the banners which have been planted,
about and throwing them In a pile on th«
ground light? them with one of the many;
burninrr torches. 1
The son, who has until this tlma been.'
kneeling with his head upon his mat.'
rises, easts the mat In tho fire, tears oft
his veil of grass cloth, throws It In and;
¦proceeds to remove the white turban from'
his head, and successively all of his white
' Karments. which are thrown In the flra
! with the rest. Ey this time there is a.
regular shower cf articles being poured
into the flame?. The mourners are all re
moving their white turbans and tosslns
them- Into the blaring pile. The shrine
with all that was in It, the remains of the
sacrificial feast, the porcelain cups ancl
every vestige of substance which had
been used as funeral or mournlnjr para
phernalia, all go Into- the flames — with this!
exception: -a handsome framed water!
color portrait of the rteern<«ed and a largs'
pet flower piece which have evidently
bfrn se.nt by some white person OP
BSi-ociatlon, Ovy these there Id some
deliberation. The priest 19 for throw-
Ing them all In the fire; but
asainst his counsel the son seems to wish
them retu-vvi to the donors. A compro
mise I« efftrted by stripping the flowers'
from the piece to ba thrown in and burn
ed, while the picture and the rest ara'
Pent to the wagon to be returned to the
city. The entire crowd ttietj leaves hasti
ly for the carriages.
Is ready, they lift the body. The face "Is
uncovered for ; a moment- that the son
may see It from' where he 'kneels.. The
others at the same" time '. look away, that
his, may be the last eyes to rest upon the
face of .the dead. .'.',. ,\... , ¦
As the face. is covered- again the son
and all; present clasp | each; their 'own
hands after thelr.manner of; sali'tatlon
and no shrike hands. with ihe dead, bow
ing reverently at, the name time.
The clear, sweet notes of the chul-tek
rise louder as the lid -is' placed- upon' the
casket. When lhc face of th<* dead is
covered for the last time the mourning
son bows his head fi» the tloor and closes
his eyes, to open them no^more until- the
last, rites-of the day - have*- been/. flnlshed.
The air of the room is hravlly sweet. with
the volume of incense fumes. The under-
flying prayer papers scattered before the
hearse.' On Dupont street a pavilion has
been erected by permission of -the Street
Department and at the end of it the coffin
isset.on a couple of trestles, a matting 1
is spread on the pavement at the foot of
the casket, and'setting his shrine on this
the son again kneels as- before and pros
tratts his foreheadto the ground. Thus
ho » stays lor two hours while the long
ceremony' of instructing the spirit on its
journey to the fairy isles and bidding it
welcome to . return r on ; the J ensuing Sep
tember with the. caravan of the dead is
being sung by the. priest.
As ; soon as thecoffln Is in place a feast
is spread from a neighboring Chinese res
taurant. 1 - A whole goat, dressed as u hog.
with the hair scalded: and scraped from
the skin.- but with. head and- horns all-in
place, is set on the platform under the
pavilion. Flanking the goat are four oth
er animals, two sheep roasted whole until
their hide looks -ns though it had been
stained--. brown and varnished, two hogs
unroasted. Chickens, whole, both boiled
nnd roasted, many curiously decorated
dishes of. rice, boiled dumplings, frulta.
and bottles of the befit sam shu; are alao
to: be- seen. Alb about . the pavilion are
searUt and green:. silk banners bearing
inscriptions extolling* the virtues of -the
deceased and -others expressing good
wishes to him on his Journey. Ho han la.
The priest chants and sings: the flageo
let and gong continue to play.. only now
their music Is not so tinged with sadness:
it is more defit'.nt; forthe soul : is. being
auspiciously starred and the spirits of evil
may be (Xied-.Txll who have known the
deceased in his lifetime now come ud to
the opposite end of the open pavilion from
that at which -the- coffin sets, and kneel
ing upon the matting* spread there for
At the end of the two hours which it
takes to complete the ritualistic service of
the Taoists the large, incense sticks which
have been filling the street with their per
fumed .-smoky vapors have nearly burned
away. The red and gilt decorated candles
have guttered to their ends, and the rice
wine , has been exhausted in pouring
drinks to the, thirsty underground people
who so much outnumber the living.
A - hearse drawn ; by six black horses
drives -up .by. the casket. The funeral
feast is loaded .into a covered wagon, in
which, have already been placed the per
sonal property and .clothes of the dead.
Tho banners are taken up by a man who
sits by the driver. , ',' -
¦ ¦¦-: The-, hearse starts, preceded' by the
American band, followed by the son In
white and grass cloth, still bearing his
little shrine with ltd smoking Incense and
blazing candles, guided by his-* two sup
porters. Following come the intimate
friends on foot, dressed in -their violet
hued gowns that reach nearly to the feet,
and .with white, streamers waving from
their heads. Following, them come some
seventy-five or eighty closed carriages, in
one or two of which are women by thetn-
Eelves. in the others men alone. .
To deceive the spirits as to the real di
rection in which it is intended to go the
procession Hrst goes in the opposite way
from the cemetery 'and then by a detour
avoids passing the starting point.
For the six or eight blocks that the
spectacle leads through the streets of the
cnineso quarter of the city the son hum
bly follows on foot, as do the chief mourn
ers. When about to emerge into the
American part the son Is assisted into
the wagon. In" which' tho funeral trappings
have been placed. The shrine which he
has carried all this time Is now ?et on th#
WHAT CHINESE FUNERAL CEREMONIES MEAN
¦ - - • ¦ . - ,
THE SUNDAY C^LL.
The eldest son as he gives m» Ia3t look
backward to the hilltop sees but the fig
ure of the busy grave-digger with ht*
shovel outlined against the darkening sky
and a *i.-ifang dog pulling bits of the fu
neral baked meats from the expiring fire,
-» .
takers gatfferm. f .r 'personal Delbfcgings . 01
the deceased, ¦ which .; have been -brought
from his residence, and; place, them . In
baskets to 'be'- borne, to: the cemetery*, and
cast into the 'firs temple at tiie torab.'"-',^;'
t. The, coffin, covered a\ white "and
cherry colored \ rcbe, , is carried from ; the
room. The son takes the srrlne. .with \ its
candles and I incense in his hands" and two
friends' of the; family,* placing themselves
one on either side, , assist him. to rise. V He
does not* assume , an . erect position," but
stands \ with his ; head i bowed to the ; level
of jhls ; hips. : and i thus ; he, , led . by. the" two
who hold his"arms;on:'elther side, rever
ently, follows : the • hearse. r \The i public
services fare; to be held, pntthe street.
The incense 'smoke i blows thick from the
shrinehebears'and the air is' filled with
• ¦ ,r :¦ ,"• - '¦-"¦ ' •"¦-- '¦ ¦;¦ '•-'-. ¦¦• ¦/ ¦ -.
tne purpose receive • from .theJhands of a
Taoist priest a 'small porcelain cup full
r of ,sam > shu.'*.This' they pour, upon' the
ground to wet* the lips. of those ¦who have
?already; turned to dust. - . . ..> ' -'-'/-I
'As '-they; pour.' the liquor, they bow the
body and ' shake their clasped ? hands be
' t ore them.': saying, ".Y at. lo.peng on. 7 (A
: peaceful' Journey. V *, v ¦, ¦' '¦-'• ' V- T - ;
. ¦¦ Each of. the mourners who. belongs to the
society of the': dead .man is dressed in a
. peculiar, shade'of. violet, the hue of death.
! and ' arou nd < their , heads is ' the . white band
as the; sign" of; acute mourning." t sJ^y'*^A>'^
'• A large crowd is gathered about,'- block
ing the street;: and through' this the ex
press ;wagons and slowly gathering hacks
make their;. way with; much whipping of
L'the horses and hard language to-bystand
' er3.X" Toward ' the T end-: of » the . ceremonies
an American' band takes; its place at the
head of, the casket and plays ' customary
funeral" marches. ¦ ;-• y
floor and he, kneeling. 'takes his place
before it and so rides to tne^. cemetery.
Each of the • carriages has pasted upon
its windows a lettered strip of red paper,
bearing a* taltsmanlc eentence to protect
its inmates from the imps who rush vui-
sumlng sandal an<T camphor' wood.
Members of the . family; and Intimate
friends come silently into the room with
their noiseless shoes of cloth, paper-soled.
They, bow toward the covered form three
times each, shaking their clasped hands,
before them, while the expression of their,
faces tells plainly? that they are saying
some set and memorized form of, good-by
In. spirit language, i Their < eyes ¦¦: speak r as '
though they see : before ; them the ; ghost
form thafis still supposed to behover
ing over the cadaver.
¦ When the last adieus have been 'said by
all but the eldest son, who still kneels' as
guardian.*. the undertakers come, bearing;
the casket. The music and the; singing'
of, the priest • become more tense and > sub- ;
dued- The shroud is smoothed. "When all
• - - : V. . -
. - - ¦ ¦¦...¦, -.>'.
THE Priest of the Golden Ross is
ringing a soul to sleep.
The body, on the floor In a cgrn--.
covered with a cherry-colored rob*.
At Its feet the mourning son. placing the
spirit lights tir.d igniting the incense.
Yuk L!p. th« chief of the Suev Sing
Tong. is dead.
For thirty years he had been its sole
head, with absolute power of life anl
death, to enforce its decrees.
- H*» died pocr. His life work was net
the acquisition of property, but the or
ganization and strengthening of his tin,;,
until he made it the greatest Chinese
power of America. It was to Chinese-
Americans what Tammany is to the Dem
ocrats, only that disobedience to its
commands meant actual instead of polit
litlcal death. When ence a mars defio'l
tha power of the tonp and refusja to oboy
its orders there was but one sentcr.ee
death. The killers were appointed, an 1
then the chief disappeared, that there
might be no one to appeal to for mercy.
no more interviews, no clemency, no par
don. He would not return until the sen
tence was executed. If the killers failed,
then there were other killer? to k!!! them,
for they had Taken the blood cath.
It was a strong binding that bound tha
highbinders. *
• • •
The Suey Sings number above 10.0TO
followers, and to show their strength the
funeral w!ll be imposing enough to be a
terror to their adversaries, as veil as an
honor to their chief. It is about to take
place; come and attend.
Not from morbid curiosity, for mor
bidity relates only to the sad and gru?
fomp. A Chinere funeral Is none of that.
It is merrier than a wedding,, for a soul
is starting on its tour to the fairy isles
cf the Eastern Seas.
To see it properly you must see it all —
not only the part im? public witness* ¦;.
but the chamber of death as well; for
like everything else that the Confucians
do. it is complete, beginning with the
body on its deathbed and lasting until the
personal belongings of the deceased have
been destroyed in the sacrificial fires aivl
the mourning garments of those who at
tend have been cast in the same flamss.
In everything the Oriental reverses the
Western customs. We try to die at home
in bed. Relatives work to prolong cur
useless lives, when hope and joy of life
have fled. The Chinaman feels that ho
must not die in the house; that would be
bad form. He, knowing that his <?nd is
near, hastens it, to relieve the feelings of
his relatives, friends and servants. Leav
ing his home In a carriage or litter, at
tended by friends, If well-to-do, or, if"
poor, alone and on foot, he gc#s to the
Onhing fong (place of tranquillity), the
lethaJ chamber which Is an adjunct of ev
ery Chinese undertakers establishment.
Here he lays him down with a will to
die, and if his will Is not enough the ar's
of the undertaker assist in bringing tha
end, which Is in no event delayed by tha
nourishing food, stimulants and restora
tives with which we prolong the death
agony to the greatest possible extension.
If the nne about to die has more mean*
than ordinary he may secure special
chambers instead of those furnished
gratis to the expiring public by th? fu
neral director; but the object is in all
cases the Fame — to spare the feelings of
the living, enabling them to avoid the
thoughts that arise from knowing that
there is a dead body in the house and
putting the stigma, upon the chamber
itself. How many a time have our
nights been turned Into blank terror
¦wnen, as children, we were put to sleep
In "the room that Uncle John died In."
Do not take off your hat at the funeral.
That is not according to the way of the
Taoists. But you may. shake hands with
tne corpse. In the Chinese manner, of
course, by claeplng your own hands and
shaking them cordially in front of you,
bowing et the same time to the person ad
dressed. It is a r.lcer method; at times
much more reserved.
To b«>pin early, we will go to the Cham
ber cf Tranquillity.
Thrre the body lies in its corner, cov
ered, face and all, with light draperies.
The mourning son kneels at Its feet,
dressed a'l in white, his head bound round
with a white cloth, wound, turbanwls?.
The long black heir, unbraided, falls !»i
wavy stranas over his tunic.. ,
Over the white costume is a coarse, net
like clcth of brown grass fiber, made es
pecially for mourning purpofes-eoarpe as
a fisherman's net. tt is to protect the s«n
from the evil spirits who flock about
when a eoul is abcul to take its departure.
For the Chinese believe that small holes
end right angles are particularly distress
ing to evil spirits. Small holes they have
to interminably crawl throush and right
angles deter them on their way.
The Tao Sze. Taoist priest of the Golden
Hose, comes Into the room carrying a
pott-toned gor.g from the temple- With
him is the chul-lek kci-yan (musician;,
with a trurapc't-fhaped flageolet.
The priest inclines his head toward the
body until the golden rose on his cap falls
fcrward and points with its crimson
tipped petals toward tha lifeless form.
Then n» softly strikes his gong and
pitching his voice in unison with It be
gins a song tender and sad as that of a
vounc mother finding her hrst horn to
sleep. It is the lullaby of the departing
FPirtt but different from the cradle «ong
cf the child, for In that a woman la calm
*S» her babe to a icst from which it will
loonawako laughing. In thin a departed
spirit is being soothed into the oblivion
that will never wake, but ends in the
Nirvana, from which all things came.
* As a spirit storm-swept would swirl and
swing through the dark,, so the music
j-triv's and reaches, sinks to whispers no
soft as not to wake a sleeper of the liv
ing, and then rices to shrieking height*
as though it. would wake the dead.
But alwavs, whether the instruments be
playing loud or soft, the voice of th©
tinging priest is tenderly sweet and pa
thetic as it lulls the eoul to its long
cought peace ' '
While from a mere description this may
teem sad and not in consonance with the
general tenor, it to far from being the
carnal, mortuary, gloom of earth and
worms Which we associate .with 'death:. It
Is pad, . but in the tame way that lovers
are Md'when most truly happy. The
happiness Is an undercurrent which does
not express itbelf by outward demonstra
tive bolsterousness /
At the loot of the corpse and In front
of the kneeling son Is a small shrine con
sisting of a porcelain basin In which ha3
been placed earth. In this; arc sat gayly
colored candles ' formed' on sticks ;• which
are stuck. In" the earth.' Between -the
candles is a white wand of paper, also
formed on a stick, and around the 'candles
are many pieces of burning Incense. The
candle* glow with a heavy,- smoky flame,
and clouds of smoke rise from tha enn-
9THE SUNDAY OAI/L.
lamb.""They rejoice over even one little
print of Christ or a saint— a "holy pic
ture"—thaj' will decorate their poverty
stricken, shrine.
voices. They pray their own prayers,
preach their own sermons. They furnish
their own priests, who lead their own
mas?. And after It is all over they dls-
Alettn and her sisters and brothers live
In a big house, for their father left his
flower peddling in Naples to come West
and now other men raise and peddle vege
tables for him. Ills children have built
their shrine in the round bay window of
the nursery, and they have wreathed holly
and srallax above and about it. and have
made a very bower of the corner. The
shrine Itself Is a carefully draped table.
Upon the center of the table is an -Image
of the Christ-child and the Holy Virgin
stands near and Innumerable lambs and
shephtrd dogs are gathered about, ap
parently looking on. Holy pictures adorn
the walls.
Some of the shrines in the rickety
bouses beyond are no more than a soap
box stood on end. upholding one image
and one candle. For everywhere must the
candle be lighted, and In the richer houses
there are sometimes rows upon rows of
beautiful long wax tapers.
"Ave Maria!" sounds in children's
cuss which had the best shrin© and tho
best mass, even unto the- point sometimes
©f a black eye or a nose up for repairs.
One family of native sons and daugh
ters are wearing this Christmas season
the costumes of little Roman peasants. It
Is a whim of Latin parents. They have
fitted out the children in Tall skirt*,
trimmed nprons, laced bodices and square
caps, all because they have a fancy to Be«
their llttlo folks play Christmas as they
once saw It played across the seas and
lands.
Father Redahan of the Church of St.
Peter and St. Paul spends much, of his
holiday time In visiting these little
shrines, admiring and encouraging wher
ever he goes. He is always especially
carried away by admiration where he
finds an old strawberry crate and the
castaway stub of somebody's candl* used
as the appointments of one "doll." Ha
says It Is honest, not merely polite ad
miiation, too. "Is not zeal under such
difficulties the more to be praised T*
Peculiarly Sensitive plants.
p T Is now well known that the sharp
I and broad distinction formerly made
II between animals and plants does not
- conform to the facts. The cells of
plants, like those of animals, are differ
entiated In function and are grouped to
form special organs of nutrition, respira
tion, excretion— even for the perception of
light. The sensitive Plant (Mimosa) has a
well-developed sense of touch.
. A certain tissue In the leaves of plants
jer/orms the functions of a liver. -v'<
. The respiration of plants Is especially
interesting. On the under side of leaves
and on green stems are millions of micro
scopic mouths, each of which is opened
and other rases, produced by the chemical
changes Which accompany gTowth.
The vine called the coughing bean (Eu
tada tussiens). is a native of moist, tropi
cal regions. By accidental transportation
of its sced3 it has spread to much lesa
congenial spots, especially railroad em
bankments, -where it endures drought
very well, though its growth 13 stunted.
But tiere la ono thlus which It cannot
stand and that is dust. When th<»
breathing pores become choked by duat
the g^.ses accumulate within the leaf lor
a time and then are forcibly expelled in
an audible paroxysm of coughing and
sneezing, which makes the leaf trembls
violently. At the same time the whole
plant becomes red in the face, so to
speak, through the sinking In at tlia gTeen
a. Lift Li- vbfeaaipp&K.
•R« (0oc«4 \\rf ftnj ttovaM* Was. '•t+»m*
chlorophyll iratas and th» appearance d
particles of red colortnx atattw «m tiy
author of "Ancient Empires," says: "Ber
ohus was a priest of the Temple of Bel
at Babylon, and Is said by Eusebius and
Tatian j to have been a contemporary of
Alexander the Great,; and to have lived
into the reign of Antlcchus Soter. He
had. therefore, special opportunities of
knowing^' the history- and astronomy of
his. ...country, upon .which he wrote in
Greek. Recent discoveries have abun
dantly established the trustworthiness of
this ; Manetho of < Babylon, -whose works,
unfortunately,'"" are ..known r to us 'only
through ' quotations /at second and third
hand. .- ¦ < :
"Since a cylinder of Antioehus, the son of
Seleous, has been found inscribed ln:Baby
loiilan , cuneiform, while bilingual frag
ments in cuneiform ' and cursive Greek of
the : Sel^ukid asc - have also been '¦ discov
ered, anil a contract in Babylonian cunei
fcrm dated in the fifth year of the Par
thian King Pakoros, the contemporary, of
Do'ihitlaji.' exists in the museum at Zurich,
there is- no : reason Vwtiy' Berosus should
not . hnve been equally well acquainted
with the Greek language and the old lit
erature of , his own country. And in spite
of the -¦fragmentary and 'corrupt state in
which his fragments have come down to
un, we know that he .was so. Hl3 . ac
count of the deluge." for instance, agrees
even in its details with that of the cunei
form :text«."
; Since the time of Ptolemy each of the
twfilve : signs ;'of the zodiac lias -been sup
posed;. to" have a\ decided Influence over
certain cities and countries, and the ex
perience of centuries, it is claimed, proves
that misfortunes "'always come to those
cities' . and , "countries .whenever malefic
planets arc In their signs." If this be true,
and there should be even a partial flood
in 1&01. India; the Punjiub, Thrace, Bos
nia. Bulgaria. Albania. Hesse,;; Mexico,
Lithuania -, and the city , of would
be most likely. to suffer, since they are the
places over ; which Capricorn Is said to
hold . sway. . Cancer, . however, will be ¦ af
flicted at the same time by the presence of
Neptune.* and - by the opposition. 'of - the
other ; planets ; in - Capricorn - and, 1 as ".this
sign' is said .to rulfe Africa; Scotland, Hol
lan'd. New , Zealand, 'Amsterdam, ; < Cadiz,
Constantinople, {Venice, 'Genoa, New York,
Milan and \ Manchester/?; occultists - claim
that these places will also v>a seriously af
flicted ; In December, 1S0L
' Qul;vlvera Ternu "'
A Deluge predicted a for 1901
ON. one of the famous Babylonian
tablets appears an inscription of
surpassing interest, the full import
of which has only now. become
manifest. And yet the Inscription simply
informs us that Capricorn was the ruling
sign in the zodiac at the time of" the
deluge— not a startling statement In ftnelf,
nor one likely, to attract much attention
from antiquarians - and archaeologists.
Quite recently, however, a copy of the in
scription fell Jnto the ! hands of an Ori
ental scholar in London, who is also an
amateur astronomer and astrologer of no
mean repute, and he; at once saw that a
wide field for speculation was here opened
to him, the enigma to be solved being the
Question: In view .of the fact that a great
deluge occurred when Capricorn was the
ruling sign in the zodiac," all the planets
being congregated in this sign at the time,
is it reasonable to expect that another
deluge- will occur when the zodiacal con
ditions arc similar? .'l,; 5 " -
..Within a few days every, noted occultist
and astronomer in England had heard of
the strange inscription, and * ever \ since
they have -been pondering over it; .i: The
data which they have to guide them to
ward a solution; of the problem are few
but important* 'To quote Dr.' Frank Close,
late president of the Tacoma Academy of
Sciences, "What are known , as the Baby
lonian, ; tablct3. are a set of inscribed
plated .book leaves, written • thousands of
years before the Christian era, * in which
is given an account of the Noachian' del
uge. ' These tablets were exhumed t from
the ancient city of Nineveh and are now
In the British Museum in London."
• Now, .. Berosus,'- a Chaldean astronomer
and one , of the ablest men ' of ¦ his time, 1
wrote a history of the Babylonian empire,
In which he notonly quoted the/Babylo
nian tablets, but also declared that an-,
other flood would. surely, take' place when
ever the sun, moon and planets again ."' oc
cupied .. the sign /Capricorn.; ';.That;'thlsr
Btransre prediction is of unusual * interest
to persons now living is evident from the
fact that in December,-" 1901, the sun, Mer
cury, Mars. Jupiter and Saturn will be lo
cated In the sign of Capricorn, as required
by Berosus, while the moon and Neptune
will be In the opposite' Bign. Cancer, to
ward the end of the month. . ¦
It may be argued that th<» conditions at
that time will not be exactly the same us
those* which prevailed at the. time of the ,
deluge, since"", neither \Venus, Horschel.
Neptune nor the moon will. be in Capri-',
corn. The reply to this is that Herschel
and Neptune were unknown i at , the" time ¦
of the delupe and that/consequently, even
If they had been in Capricorn, neither, Be-,
rbsus nor any other astronomer could
have chronicled - tlie fact. Venus. ;: more
over, is a ' minor planet and of . little " im
portance in' such a matter, ami as for the
moon, though she may not be in Capri
corn while the. other planets are there in'
close conjunction, she will . certainly be
there for scmie hours about that time. The'
question, therefore, which many persons
are.now asking* is, .Will a' second great
deluge take place, during December, 1001V
To 'such an important question scientist*. .
or occultists, of international 'reputation •
are very loath to* reply, but a. fair esti
mate of thelr^vie ws < may be : gained , from
the following statement in Coming. Events, •
a London occult
"The 'term , flood; or delude,", says .the
writer.'Moes .not', necessarily mean, the
total rextinction*by_ submergence of 4 all
the ; living 'creatures;, of .the earth, but
rather -'the* submersion, of a continent,
such* as; happened in, the case of the lost
Lemuriafand "Atlantis, traditions of which
all natioris^and people - seem to ' possess.
Necessarily, ¦' "such ; a"\ huge 1" submersion
would cause • fearful ;¦• tidal , waves in- all
other : lands, "and ' to ¦ such phenomena - the
Noachian ...- record ':.¦; probably ._,; : refers.'
Whether partial 1 satisfaction in .Decem
ber,'; 1901, of : the "conditions ; specified \ by
Berosus Lwill produce ¦; even •. partially sim
ilar,-' results • is a; matter- we '; may .safely
leave to the consideration '•. of students."; v
Many I persons ' will naturally ask, • Is
Berosus a "< reliable 1 authority.: on , such > a
subject? and therefore a few words about
him ; : are ! necessary." : Professor; SayreTof
Oxford,* '.the well '• known Orientalist • and
V % ERS in San Francisco the children
ll j of Mttle Italy carry en Christmas
ii li ceremonies that their mothers
brought from half the world away.
Their fathers, for the most part, left
theirs behir.d. They are busy, for they
have to be up at 3 in the morning- to at
tend to that part of our city's work -which
begins then. They are the newsboys, the
scavengers, the gnrderers. They have no
time to bother with Christmas shrines.
Bo the mothers teach the choldren how
they used to carry on their ceremonies,
and the cl.'ldren, tempted by the glamour
of vai babies and plaster lambs, want to
have ceremonies, too.
Over on North Beach, where most of
our twenty-five thousand Italians live, the
ewarmlng- youngsters spend the Christ
mas holidays In inarching from house to
house, inspecting, criticizing and praying
at each other's shrines. These shrines are
the fruit cf all their little lives' labor In
collecting "holy pictures" ?,nd wax im
cges from year to year, as their parents
did tefcre them in old Italy.
During- the eight holidays, if you hap
pen over on North Beach, you may see
here and there a fiie of little people going
listless from bouse to house. Thev march
In very precise file and they are very
earnestly bent upon their visits.
In every house where childien exist and
Christmas can be afforded Is found a
Bhrine, built, decorated and worshiped at
by the children themselves. The custom
is one of the few relics of old days in
Italy that have been brou;ht here by
women v.ho never can quite forget. For
the eake of oia- times they have taught
the little ones born and reared in this
country their own Christmas usages and
watch them carry them out every year.
"I've got a lamb from the Christmas
tree." ' Aletta. shouts, and • immediately
carries It to the shrine and tries Its ap
pearance on the right of the shepherd, on
his left, behind and before him with an
artistically cocked eye. Aletta is trying
to gather a whole shepherd scene appro
priate to the blrthi of Christ, and every
year since she can remember there baa
been a lamb for her on the Christmas
tree. She belongs to one of the families
who live on a real street. Thoss who have
to huddle in alleys seldom or never get a
Journal Juevoted io Seasickness,
r> T Trfll Interest trans-Atlazrtlc voyagere
I to know that a Journal has Just been
I etarted in Paris, the object of jrhich
*"* Is to discover, it, possible, some ef
fectual means cf preventing th?t bugbear
of ocean travel, seasickrers. This peri
odical, -which is entitled Le Journal -\z
Mai de Mer, is edited by Dr. Madeuf.
who Is president "of one medical society
and an associate of several others. His
elm Is to form a league, which shall be
composed not only of till persons Trho suf
fer from seasifkners but also of all
eteamshJp companies, hotel keeper*, the
atrical managers and any other persons
or places whose business Is at present
periodically Injured in some way or other
through mal de mer.
Dr. Madeuf invites all sufferer! from
and describing: the various remedies which
they have used. In the first number of
the Journal there are thirty-five leadins?
questions and several minor ones on thesa
two subjects which subscribers are re
quested to answer.
Furthermore * Dr. Madcuf Informs his
readers that he intends to collect all ob
tainable documents, especially those of
historical and scientific value, In regard
to seasickness and that he hopes to be
able to formulate a plan by which ada
qua to prizes may be. offered to those
steamship companies which succeed !n
constructing their vessels to that pas
sengers on them will be i.uite as com
fortable and aa free from this annoying
malady as they would be on land, as well
as to those Inventors who may succeed
this maJ&ey to writ* to Mm, «rp!ainla«
the zn&naer In which they tarn ciEeoted
la Snreoverteff tcftdirbrt remedies for r"*i
da mec.
10
Christmas in our Latin Quarter
A 'N &W • Tfl>O>or* M *w rOK THB SHRINKFrom the- little black book I had learned
many things about the life of the fire
man, and I knew it wa3 not as easy a^
it looked. True, there Is much of his time
that Is his own. but he must spend it
within the four walls of the engine house.
He must sleep there, spend h!3 waking
hours there, and must eat within a block.
For a man of family there Is not much
opportunity for home life. On Mondays.
"Wednesdays and Fridays he must go reg
ularly through the pompier tower drill at
the tower on North Beach, using all tho
apparatus of tho department, fighting
mimic fires and -savins: mimic people. Ha
has manual work about the stable and
In the care of the horses. His apparatus,
vehicles and harness must be kept In per
fect order, and he must be on duty twen
ty-four hours out of every day. He must
be ready at all times to risk his life for
that of others. He must brave the fiercest
heat and the most absolute exhaustion,,
and must never be found wanting. Unless
he is all these things, he Is not a good
fireman, and Is not entitled to his eighty
dollars per month, with the chance of a
raise to ninety and then a hundred at tho
end of the first and second years. He is*
a prisoner within his own district, and
his life he Rives to the service twenty-four
hours out of every day of it.
Or.ce In a while he has the opportunity
to distinguish himself, and his bravery
comes before the attention of the public.
Otherwise he is a very obscure individual
—one of it© unknown heroes.
"When the alarm sound?," said Mr.
Kerrigan, "I jump up here to my station,
see that everything i3 all right and then
pull this cord. The cord 1? attached to a.
little piece of mechanism that bursts Che
bottle of acid, which is in the middle of
the powder, and the fire ta all kindled and
the steam started. By the time we get
to the tire we have the pressure up to the
required number of pounds'. We keeo the
temperature up to sixty all the time."
He fixed a fresh arrangement of kind
ling and went upstairs. Ten minutes af
ter the return of the engine the fire
men were all in their bunk:' and asleep.
They fall asleep with the si-.zr.e mechan
ical easiness as th<y wake up, and th«
exhaustion of their half hour's hard work
did not offer a hlr.arar.ee. The two mea
on watch -were rerulin;? again.
"We'll have a hard morning's work fop
that little ttamej' said Kngineer Kerrigan,
walking up to the boiler. "I'll have t4
shine up ray engine and the boys "11 hav*
to clean ud the rest of the outfit. You
know every morning we are supposed to
have things spick and span and be all
dressed by 10 o'clock. After tx fire, though*
we get longer time. I'd like to get ai
this engine to-night, but I can't do any
thir.g with her till she 13 coojed off.
There's about ninety pounds of steam
pressure in there yet."
Then he explained the method of light
ing the fire. Underneath the engine a
pan of kindling and shavings li always
kept, and underneath that a powder
known as "Greek fire." which when ex
fiosed to a particular kind of acid bursts
nto flame.
Lieutenant Nicholson shouted at mt»
from the top of one of the ladders. wav-»
ing me back. He was too late. A ho«/
had been turned in my direction and tha
stream of water struck me and knocked
me backward. I staggered to my feet and
back to a respectful distance, soaked and*
dripping.
¦Presently the flre was subdued. Th»
house had b«en iised as a storeroom and,
the adjoining buildings were of a similar
nature.
"L*t me so," said I. "I represent Th«r
Call and have a tor age of permission fronr
the Fire Commissioners. Now," I added,
"will you be eood? "
He aroppetl me. "I be-g yhure pahr«
den." said he. "I thaught yez wuz boos*
house, shure." That was the Ia3t I heard
of him. i climbed over a fence and foU
lowed a fireman. The flames burst ua
through a little cluster of shack buildings.
Silhouetted against the glare the h«*U
meted firemen were working energetic-'
ally and systematically. Ladders wer*
braced against adjoining walls and fire*
men were ruftnina up and do\rn them
pulling the hose and sending streams ol
water !n all directions.
to that of the curve the Cook and laOder
maae. This Is the nearest calculation I
can arrive at, considering my height and
the fact that 1 didn't let go. Captain
Dougherty swung me bacK into place.
'ino alarm had been turned in from
Howard and Second street. At the cor
ner the engine came to a standstill and
when it de\ eloped that the lire was in an
inside ahacJc in the middle of the block tha
hose was attached to a hydrant and In »
trice the flrcnen were at work. I founu
myself deserted and had been told to shift
for nytelf, sq I put on the gum coat and
fireman's hat that nad been left for me,
stepped down Into tha crowd ar.d hurried
through to tne scene of the to.ulJgratlon.
Policeraen were keeping the peopie back.
As I ran through the line I was grabbed
by the arm ana swung into the air,
"Hi there, yuh hooghouse creathur.
wahat do yez mean? Git boutslde th*
r.re lines: glthout. slthout!"
The Hibernian was rapidly hefting m<»
backward when I turned back my coat
and tapped my fire badge, permitting m*
to be inside the fire linea.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
my hat and aimlessly run arounu my
chair three times. Then I somehow found
myself at my place at the back of tho
hook and ladder, hanging on to the Iron
rail. The driver pulled the rope, the doors
flf.w open and in leas than a half minute
after the alarm from Box 61 was turned In
we were off, with a rattle and a bans:.
Ahead of us the grvat engine dashed on,
nt the heels of the three heavy horses.
Sparks were Hying from tho fire • under
neath it and every second the steam
pressure En the boiler was Increasing. The
backs of the three grays that drew the
hook, and ladder truck rose and fell In
front 01 us and the step upon which we
were standing swung backward and for
ward as the vehicle leapt forward. The
llremen, who had clambered over the sides
of the truck and taken their places unon
the coll of hose, were jerking into their
gum coats and helmets. The stoker was
strapped in his feat and pulling hard at
the bits of the animals. Around the Mint
building, across- l'"ifth street' and down
Mission we dashed. Engine 17 cutting, a
wide swath. On either side of us people
and vehicles were frantically getting out
of the way. There was a light rattle and
a finer toned ringing h-.ia Chief Dougher
ty with .his driver dashed by us in : his
buggy. It was no easy matter to hold
to the railing of the truck. The cobble
stones threw us high in the air and sway
ed us from side to side. Sparks and
smoke were coming back to us from the
engine and the momentum was that of a
whirligig.-'.
At Second street we rounded the I cor
ner. I rounded it with ' a radius ¦ of five
feet four inches and a half, plus the
length of my ( extended arras, additional
Seventeen headquarters. Tou see w»
have all the way from Ninth street to
Second one way and from Sutter south to
the water front the other way. It's the
largest district and includes a portion of
Market street. You ought to see O'Farrel
here doing the line on Saturday afternoon
at his supper hour."
O'Farre! looked up over, the Fireman s
Magazine. "I see they've got a new kind
of a helmet here," he said. "I wonder if
Ihey'il adopt 'cm htre and soak us four
dollars for the addition to our wardrobes."
The subject was turned. Captain
Doherty took up the -little black book,
turning to the "uniform .page," and ex
plained. The department had the week
before adopted a new style of iirema:i'd
helmet and according to the rules each
iiwman was requested to provide h!ms';li
with one, at the cost of a tour-dollar hole
in his salary.
"Hut here's where we get our money s
wcrth," said O'Farrel, who was inclinc-i
to be' cheerful; -"you sec these hats are
made of pretty tough material," he added,
raking one up and tapping on the crown
of it with hi3 knuckles. -That helmet
would stand a mighty hard blow, and it
. wtraid come in mighty handy to eavc a
fellow's cocoaant when a heavy timber
drifis'down from the top of some burning
building." " •.
CUU-f John Dougherty, in command of
Seventeen Engine House, appeared at tho
rear door', and. stooping, carrve under the
shafts' of his buggy, . which Icave3 the
engine house by the rear at the sound of
the gong. Captain Doherty leaned over
and whispenrt: "Get him to tell you some
stwrics. • lle'p all right at the business.
He keeps us fellows awake lots of nights
and helps us to get away with our lour
'"St'lil waiting?" the Chief asked as he
sat down. "I am sorry that there s noth
ing doing. 1 was not able to. .arrange for
that lodglns-house lire you requested lust
night, l.guos-s we'll have to keep you
"1 was just speaking," said Captain Do
herty. "of that little experience -of yours
•:ndcr the half-pay system, when you
¦<-ouldn't c*»t voar men together and had
to put the fire out ajl by yourself."
The Chief smiled. "Oh, yc?. said he.
It was evidently going to.be a story.
"Then you know, the ilroimn were on
half pay and wen; allowed to work at
other thlngs-in barber shops, butcher
shops and places of that sort, only they
had to answer the alarm. \\ -
The story was never finished. The lifted
hammer had fallen. The big brass gong
ranc out. Six times and then one it
Bounded rapidly, and the whole place wan
in motion. Simultaneously with tie fall
ing of the last stroke the ropes in front
of the horses droppvd and the great mass
ive animals ran out of their stalls and
took their places under the suspended
harness, their heavy hoofbeats shaking
the wooden floor and lending an air of
confusion to what was not confusions at
all, but one of the most perfect eystem3
in 'existence.
As tbc heryes ran under, the harness
dropped from it3 hooks and was snapped
into place by men who had jumped to
their places. An instant after the alarm
the trap doors Jn the ceiling flew open
and down out of the holes the firemen
came by means of the polished steel poles.
The engineer, before he was fairly awake,
had dressed, came through the trap doer,
slid down the pole, Jumped to his place
on tho engine and pulled the cord that
started the fire under the engine. The
driver was in bis place and his hand lifted
to the rope that springs the door.' I had
Just time to stick an extra hatpin through
It was the middle watch. The first
watch, from 6 to 10 o'clock, had been kept
by Lieutenant Nicholson and Frank Mc-
Ooskey, the •'stok«-r"-driver of the hook
and 'ladder wagon. There had been a
game of cribbage. a political argument
and a yawn aud the two mta had gone
up the fctairs to wake up the relief.
Captain Doherty and Hcsernan O'Farrel
came down, resuming their conversation
v. here they had left off at turning- In four
hours before.
"The telephone girls den't cither wear
their hair done up on tha top of their
beads," said the baseman. "1. don't be
llevs the company ever had any such rule.
Anvwav. 1 see a girl wear hers down in
LiVids out In the Mission central whtu I
till r«r in the window as I go by. , v
* -l"'h huh" said 'Captain Doherty, "so
there's v.hcre you eptfid your evenings
cfl— rubbering in it the telephone gins.
1 thought it lunr.y you always struck out
ir There d wa^mo'; e banter for the T£t
l.cur and then things settled down to tho
ticking of a clock and the sound of oats
b.-irfg munched by the horses. Mr. O lar
r<-l turned the pases of a fireman 3 maga
z'-U and Captain Liberty, whittled a suck
with his jackknife.
"And this, is the way you rpend twenty
four ncurs out of every day? I repeated.
"Klther sleeping or Just being awake
waiUns for a ftre? Don't you get Ured of
it sometimes?" ; ¦ '
"Oh well," answered the captain, we
rrct us*d to it. We are on duty every
hour of the day. except our day off. and
wo have an hour for each meal down at.
the corner restaurant, but if an alarm
comes in the middle of the meal we have
to jump. We have an extension alarm
Uxed up In the restaurant. Same -way as
when we pet shaved— we have an exten
sion alarm at the barber shop, and we
always send down a r-ignal to the barber
when we are coming, so he'll have a chair
ready for us. We are not allowed outside
of our district under any consideration.
It wouldn't do." -
"How would they know?" ' "-. '-
"They would know all right. Let a fire
man get caught walking outside the lines
of his district at meal times, or any other
time, and he'll get nabbed all right.-. ho
taxuso coes. Vve are fortunate here at
THE buzz of a flj\ th© r*-«h of a tail,
the Etair.p of u heavy foot upon tha
¦wooden floor — these wera the on!"
sounds ".hat broke the midnight
stillness at the headquarters of engine 17.
Upstairs the men not on watch slept
heavily in their bunks. The shining steel
I-ries with the trap doors at the top re
flected the light fvcm a gas Jet 0:1 tha
wall. They were polished and lu readi
ness for the tinmen to slide down them
at the sound of the alarm.
Everything else was In readiness also.
The stout harscs.s hur.3 . suspended upon.
automatic hooks above ths places of the
respective horses, and the wooden handle
cf the rope that springs open the door
hung motionless above the driver's seat
ever the tzigine.
The ' great. massively built horses
munched their cats quietly in their stalls.
r.wW ari then tossing a mouthful of hay
into ti» air cr pressing: their shoulders
forward against the rope that drops at
the rinsing of the alarm.
The two men 0:1 watch were silent. One
read a book, the other played a game of
eolitalre. The bis brass gor.g high up 011
the wall stood out from the boards at
tuned ..:- sensitive and the hammer was
lifted, ready to strike.
I laid upon the desk a little black book
entitled '"Rules and Regulaiions of the
San. FTar.cisco Fire Department." and 1,
too, waited.
Three nights I had waited with the pa
tic-nt firecitn. the suspended harness, the
hanging 1 <J Pe handle, the sons and the
lilted haxaer. Through the courtesy of
Chief D. T. Sullivan 1 had been given a
permit to ride on th<- engine or on the step
oi the nook and laxtder truck with the
jlrcnaen to the first lire that happened.
Having no friends among the incendi
aries 1 wa* not able to count uyon any
catMiB&T '-&¦ the matter aiid v.as compelled
to await an occurrence In the ordinary
course of events. There had been thrca
false alarms ar. -1 three thiiiilng ruts to,
do avaiL. The fourth night brouyhtUUu
fire *
11
With the firemen to a fireTHIS 8TJOT>AT CAJM&. -Prosperity has rewarded th«fcr tsSari££
public gratitude hu attended their suc
cess; public munificence has attested their 1
public spirit. No man, gtntleznan. could:
have conducted enterprises of that maj«
nitude to success; no man could herd
handled In a prosperous manner such *
variety of ' things, or ' walked without
' "Was the article- in question conceived,
was it" published,. for the" purpose of car
rying out these lofty arid commendable
purposes so well expressed in this article?
Or. was : it, , on the . other hand, aa my
learned 'friend has stated in your pres
ence,'Conceived in prejudice and born In
malice for the , purpose of 'venting; the
spleen of one Individual against another
in such manner as -might do him the
most harm?' If you find , that it was the
first, then I repeatthe article is not only
blameless but commendable. -If you find
attitude In matters or this character, by
which lta duty is to be measured. *
BARON VON SCHROEDER CRINGES UNDER THE LASH OF EXCORIATION
AND LOSES IS SUIT FOR LIBEL DAMAGES AGAINST THE CALL
In the Closing Argument for the!
Defense D. M. Delmas Contributes;
a Masterpiece of Eloquence Which!
Creates a Sensation in Court!
By a Unanimous Vote the Jury Finds
a Verdict for Defendant and Justi=
fies an Act of Public Policy Per=
formed by The San Francisco Call.
The jurors whose unanimous verdict declared to be true The Call's,
charges against Baron John Henry von Schroeder are:
L Sartori, D. HcClure,
Owen Casey, P. 3. Wilson,
H. Gtmdy, W. F. Bassett,
Peter Vraag, P. Rom,
E. L. Gallagher, Joseph Burns,
H. T. 2>aly, J. J. Gallagher.
VOLUME L.XXSJX— NOl
PRICE FITE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1900— THIRTY -TWO PAGES.
"Now. gentlemen, the duty of the press
Is sometimes very much misunderstood.
No one contends that the press has a
right to invade the homes of Individuals
and to Inquire into conduct which Is
6trlctly private, however depraved It may
be. But whenever that conduct assumes
a public or quasi-public' character, when-'
ever it takes place under such circum
stances that the public of necessity must
have cognizance of It. and when the pub-'
He must of necessity be more or, less af
fected by It. whenever such conduct takes
place, for Instance, In a place of public
resort,^ then it Is deemed 'by the morality
of. the press as universally established,
that it is not only the right but that It Is
the duty of a public journal to take cog
nizance of and expose it. If that" lias been
.'done and nothing- more than ' that 'has
been done in this case, gentlemen,? the
duty of the press, so far as It is universal
ly recognized . in : this baa not
been violated. I ,The • boundaries , of . Its
rights hav© not been overstepped. On the
contrary, its conduct, far ffom h*in**een«
"If your Honor pleaee^and gentlemen
of the jury: In the opening, -gentlemen,
of the very remarkable argument which
has been presented by my learned friend,
who dwelt upon the great importance of
this case from the. standpoint of his cli
ent — told you of the momentous conse
quences that were Involved in it to him!
There Is another aspfft of this matter,
gentlemen, which rerja*»rs your verdict
also one of paramount Importance, be
cause by. that verdict you will define aa
far as in your power lies the proper limit
of the liberty of the press in this State,
and of its rights and duties. You will de
termine by your verdict under a certain
given state, of facts, which we hope and
feel confident we will be able to prove to
your entire satisfaction, the question
which I have asked you— most of you, at
least— In examining you as to your com
petency to sit as jurors in this case, to
wit: Whether it is within the rights and
within the duties of a great public jour
nal In thin State, whenever it shall ac
quire reliable cognizance of conduct of In
dividuals which i3 of such an open and
-flagrant character or takes place under
such circumstances that It, becomes ' a
menace to the morals of the community,
whether, I say, under such circumstances,
it Is the right and the- duty of the presi
to expose to public view this' conduct with
appropriate comments upon it, so as to
shield public morality from its taint, and
to protect the purity of tho- homes and
the characters of the inhabitants, of the
community. That, gentlemen, is another
element which adds Importance to your
deliberations, and gives weight and char
acter to the verdict which you nre called
upon to render in this case. I do not
question that 'this case is- an Important
one to the plaintiff. I hope you wil! not
question that it is one equally important
not only to the defendant as an individ
ual, but to the community and to the
State of which he is a member.
D. M. Delmas began the closing Speech
for the defendant immediately upon the
opening of the morning session of the
court. His argument In full follows:
.'"Now; • that editorial, -'grentlemen.lipub-.
H»hed fin* this leading 'paper,' voices the:
ethici and the sentiment s of the press in
these United States, correctly 'defines'" its
There 1 , ar* .many 'persons of depraved tastes
and appetltes.with a fondness for violating the
established code! of social ethics ¦ who • can b*
restrained only by ; the fear that If they per
sist lit evil courses, they will -b# 'exposed 'and'
held 'up to ; public' scorn! The existence of 'an
Independent press.* ready to make the exposure
without fear or favor]. acts therefore as a safe
guajd to the community. . Kven where It does
not deter.' some, bolder. profligate from pursuing
a. career of notorious '. scandal it at least gives
notice of his character and puts the! homes) of
the city on guard against him. ¦• The publica
tion of private offenses Is one of the
6is.aRree.ibIe acts which must at .times be per
formed by "even ' the most careful Journal that'
haa;any respect for virtue and any, true com
prehension of its. duty to-the public.;. •'. '.'/ -
A journal devoted to .the welfare of society
as wpII as to the determination of news care
\fully abstains from the publication of scandals
In the lives of. private Individuals as long as
It Is possible to do Ro s wlthout wrong to the
: community. When, however! the scandals be
-eipie. notorious and are committed by persons
who by reason of their wealth and the'lnflh
ence of their families have admission to the
homes of the city It then becomes necessary
fcr the protection of womanhood to expose the
evil in. order that the offender may ba known
and society put on guard against him. ¦
The contaminating effect of notorious wrong
doers wiio rely, on wealth and social position
to enable them to practice a vicious course .with
Impunity Is far reaching. Tersons thoroughly
h.nocentof wrong Intent are not. infrequently
tvatje the objects 'of unjust suspicion simply be
cause in their, tg-noranee -they associate' with
some unexposed rascal, in society. ' When to
neve Innocent persons from that danger • It be
comes necessary to make public the scandalous'
life, of the offender then the exposure becomes
a. duty^ which. the, press owes to the 'public.
THE EXPOSURE OF SCANDALS.
"Gentlemen, .these sentiments and the
proper attitude of the press with refer
ence to matters of this kind, feebly voiced
by me in what I. have already stated to
you. are much better expressed in the
carefully prepared editorial which was
published on the very next day after the
article in question, in order to apprise the
public, those who mi^ht be Ignorant upon
the subject, of the attitude of the press in
matters of this kind. That editorial,
which has been put in evidence by the
plaintiff here, reads as follows:
, "It remains for you, therefore, gentle
men. In this case In the discharge not
only of the duty which you owe' to ¦ the
plaintiff In this case as an individual but
in the discharge of that higher duty which
you owe to yourselves and to the-com
munity whose mouthpiece and authorized
representatives you are to-day, to deter
mine carefully what are the facts '-in this
case, and' then to. decide upon. those facts,
whether they afford to the defendant as
the owner of this paper that protection
and that immunity which entitles him not
only to be exempt from punishment and
fine but entitles him to be looked upon as
a benefactor of the public. in the course
which he has pursued and adopted.,;
surable, deserves 'the respect and com
merfdation of every right thinking man
and woman.
"That is the third consideration, gentle- (
men. which I lay before you when you
come to Inquire into the motive of Mr.
Spreckel3. and the utter lack of warrant
and foundation for this monstrous state
ment of the learned counsel. Gentlemen,.
on the contrary, on th« loth of October,
fifteen days before this article was pub
lished, news came at dead of night of
certain things going on In the Palace Ho
tel which had led to certain consequences, .
which the learned counsel would not allow :
us to prove and which reflected upon tho
plaintiff -here and his brother In such a
manner that the general manager of tha
paper." Mr. Leake. In consultation and '
with the advice of the heads o* hi* staff,
deemed the matter .of such moment thai>
he shrank from assuming* the responsibil
ity of fulminating such a cha?g«, though
"Where, then, gentlemen. Is there a par-,
ttcle of- evidence In this case that war
rants the heated and exaggerated state
ment of the learned counsr 1 that this arti
cle was born of the malice of John T>.
Spreckels. and his desire to avenge him
self for some fancied wrong upon a man
with whom he had but a bare passing ac
quaintance, a man with. whom he had had
no business*, a man who had never of
fended him personally, a man whom he
certainly never had offended In his life?
stumbling through so many diversified
paths of business If the guiding 1 star
which led him on had been that of malice,
instead of good will to his fellow men..
The conduct of the man, the enterprlac-s
that he has engaged in, the success which
he has achieved, are an ample refutation.
In addition to that which I have stated to
you drawn from the stri(t Instructions
which he gave, to the charge that he was
actuated in any matter which he trans- ;
acted, by malice. .
"In the third place, gentlemen, wherrj
my learned friend speaks of the malice of
Mr. Spreckels .that he desired to 'gratify
his unscrupulous malice by the publica
tion of this article' to *blast the reputa-,
tion and fame of a man against whom he>
entertained some feeling of personal en
taltf.' does my learned friend overlook '.
the fact that at the time this article was^
first spoken of. from the very dawn of
Information which they had upon that
subject, until the time that it saw tho
light in the edition of the 23th of Oct>-;
ber. Mr. Spreckels was 12<> miles away;
from San Francisco, at the sugar factory i
in Salinas, having no personal knowledge
whatever of what was going on In the of
fice of The Call, none whatever of thl*.
news that had been received from San|
Rafaelor from General Warfleld; only
learning of it en ..is way to" San Fran-,
Cisco after noon of the very day that tho J
article was published by reading it in the
paper? Is It pretended that Mr. Spreck
els Inspired this article? No one so pre-j
tends". Is it pretended that he knew of .
the information given from San Rafael?
No cne so pretends. Is it pretended that
he knew of the interview with General
Warfleld? No one so pretends. Is it pre
tended that he knew of the interview as
composed and about to be sent to tho
press? No one so pretends*. When that
was done he was tjuictly asleep in his
bed 120 miles away. I.< it pretended that
h«» saw or approved »r sanctioned or
ursed the publication of the article? No
one so pretends, for he had no knowledge
of it until after it was published.
"In the next place, gentlemen.,' It Is a
matter riot* only testified -to in this case
by % Mr.\. Spreckels himself, but his name
and that - of his family have become so
identified 'with the commerce, the enter
prises and' the development of this State
that itls'a matter of which you might
almost^take judicial cognizance that ha
and his family are engaged in a multitude
of affairs of the greatest magnitude and
of . ¦ almost - every ¦ conceivable diversity.
Absence or It on the Part of the
Defendant ConclusiYelu
Proved. 1 )
MALICE IS NOT
GUIDING STAR
"In the second place, gentlemen. I call
your attention to this fact: Three years
ago Mr. Spreckels became the owner and
therefore editor of this great paper. He
was not brought up as a newspaper man
or. owner. His walks had been in other
fields of enterprise and of business. But
his native sense of justice and of right
made htm lay down at once, for the guid
ance of the nun under him. one funda
mental and cardinal rule, from which he
has never departed, one line of conduct
from which he has never permitted that
paper, knowingly, to swerve, one maxim
which has been rigorously and undevlat
ingly enforced— and that Is that nothing
should be published in the paper without
first having undergone the most minute
examination as to Its truth and accuracy;'
and, secondly, that If, notwithstanding a'l
these precautions. in the hurry with
which a daily newspaper Is of necessity
given birth, some thing should elude the
scrupulous vigilance Imposed upon the
employes which was not strictly accurate
and true which was the cause of any un
just sufferings to any human being, as
soon as these facets were ascertained a re
cantation, a retraction or a modification
should at once take place, and the or
ders were that that retraction or modi
fication should be printed in the paper in
a place as prominent and in type as larp?
and- visible as the original article Itself.
Th,at testimony, gentlemen, you ha\*e
heard, and it is undisputed. This was the
spirit with which Mr. Spreckels entered
upon his new. though Important, duties a»
owner and editor of th's paper, and in that
spirit of fairness and justice that paj^r
has been, he tells you. so far as he knows,
and. so far as , It has been In his power
to make It so, steadily "and undeviatingly
conducted. <
"Does not the reputation, independent
of any other consideration, does not the
reputation which Mr. Spreckela enjoys in
this State, to the knowledge of every man,
do not the methods upon which he and
his family have conducted their business
and their enterprises in this State for
now half a century In themselves rebut
such a preposterous and half-voiced ac
cusation as that?
destroy a rival establishment here in San
Rafael by blasting the reputation " of its
owner, because, forsooth, if 'might affect
an establishment which he is Interested
In in the southern part of the State, which
establishment !s some 620 miles south of
here. .
Attorney Turns the Force of His
Logic Aaaihst tlie BaroiL
FORCEFUL ARGUMENT OF
DELMAS FOR DEFENDANT
1 ;; "In the first Place let'me : dlsmiss, : as en
tirely" unworthy 'of "consideration, and let
me dismiss .'with a, wave ' of ..contempt
which it deserves, the idea, but half-voiced
by m'y- learned -friend. 1 and fromi .which" hl»
own' -good -sense- and upright nature'
shrank instinctively, even In giving it that
half voice, that- Mr.. Spreckels • sought to
"Wberf Is there any evidence, .gentle
men, that' Mr.* Spn?ckels caused this arti
cle to be published for the sole purpose of
using his paper to blast the reputation of
this plaintiff? Where is; it? Is there • a
particle of evidence to show" that^he en
tertained feelings of .personal . enmity or
hatred against the plaintiff here? - 1 am
entitled' tO A your mental answer, I hope
and feel' confident, gentlemen,' .to .these
questions,, that there is no such testimony
that Mr. . Spreckels ever entertained any
animosity against this man; that this
article' was not. published for the purpose
of doing him harm; that it was not pub
lished for the purpose of gratifying a per
sonal grudge. : Quite the : reverse, * gentle
men.' as .the evidence will show to which
I , now'jnvite your; patient consideration.
" We say the article. was wanton, willful,
malicious, false, and for the purncse, and
ihe sole purpose-, of using a rowerful met
ropolitan paper owned by an i.nserupulous
millionaire to blast the reputation md
fame of a" man against whom he enter
tained'some leellnpr of personal enmity or
hatred.' Is :hat true?' If it is, gentle
men, the defendant in this case has placed
himself beyond the pale of the law. No
punishment, that you can mete would
be severe enough to express your detesta
tion and abhorrence of such a character
as that. s - The' owner of a great public
journal that travels not only all over thia
State but' all over the United'States.'us
inp that great engine for the sole purpose,
as Mr. Maguire says, the pole purpose of
blasting the reputation and the fame of a
man against whom he entertained some
feeling of personal enmity or hatred, is
indeed or would °be indeed >¦ a character
compared with whom the malefactor who
steals your goods or enters Into your
house at dead midnight" for the purpose of
committing a burglary, aye. as Mr. Ma
guira has said, the man who sheds hu
man blcod Is not to be compared in point
of depravity and malignity, and I ask you
in the fltst place,', gentlemen, what was
the warrant In this case for a denounce
ment of this character, coming from the
lips of a man who would add to it his own
standing as a 7 lawyer, and as a public in
dividual in uttering it before you? May
I not ask you right, here, am I' not en
titled to demand fr^im you your mental
response that the statement made bjr Mr.
-Magulre Is Itself entirely unwarranted,
has not. one particle of foundation to stand
on,' hr.s not one particle 'of testimony to
suppcrt.lt, and ' must have been itself
prompted In Its utterance by the sugges
tion of some malice, ?cme personal ani
mosity not on hh part but on the part of
those, whom he represents here?
• "What, "then, were the motives of this
article? is the .first question which you
have to' address' to yourselves. These mo
tives, gentlemen, the learned counsel has
been pleased to state in his opening, which
I take it was made with that rare and
deliberation which his position ar the bar
and his standing in this State would ex
pect us to have him observe, in the fol
lowing words:
that it was the second. If ,you ; flnd that
.thlsarticle. sprang, fro.nr the Iriere^preju-
: diced imagination of the .' owner', of . thifl
paper, if you find- that malice presided at
its , birth vand J that it . was. given. . voice
"'irt«'r*ly\." for-. the purpose " of injuring the
feelings and* destroying the peace of the
home and of .the family of .the plaintiff,
you; have my full liberty and, the full lib
erty of .justice in this' case to visit with
punishment one- who -would thus; pervert
his powers. : : : . -
D. M. DELMAS ADDRESSING HIMSELF TO THE PLAINTIFF, BARON JOHN HENRY VON SCHROEDER, IN
THE PERORATION OF. H.IS.. CLOSING ARGUMENT FOR THE pETENpANT, WHILE THE AUDITORS THAT
CROWDED THE COURTROOM LISTENED BREATHLESSLY TO HIS ELOQUENT ' WORDS."
Messengers were sent for Baron von Schrocder and his friends.
They hastened to the courtroom and iverc seated zvlien the jury filed
into court. Eagerly, earnestly, anxiously, Baron von Schrocder scan
ned the faces of the mm zvho held in their hands something which
his attorney had declared was more sacred than life — his honor.
"Gentlemen of the jury," asked the Judge, "have you reached
Slowly the foreman arose, advanced to the rail, unfolded a pa
per and said: "We have. We find in favor of 'the defendant."
Bcron von Schrocder dropped back in his chair as if he had
been stunned. He had learned that in California a jury justifies a
newspaper which dares to expose any man, however, powerful lie
may be, who makes himself an enemy to honorable men and honest
women. ,.¦¦¦-"• . •-. ,
The jury Hied solemnly from tlic room. The audience departed
and silence reigned. At 6:$o o'clock the jury was ordered again
into court. It had not reached a verdict, as one of the men insisted
upon finding Baron von Schroedcr guilty. His sense of justice blind
ed his knowledge cf the law. The jury teas taken to supper and rc
turr.sd, and then in the silence of the courtroom there was the sound
cf a bell. A verdict had been found.
And then Attorney Maguire arose to answer one of the most
remarkably brilliant defenses ever made in California. He talked at
length, but added no nezv feature to his first argument. Darkness
was creeping into the courtroom, tlie chandeliers were lighted and
Judge Angdlotti delivered his charge. *
His thought sparkled in ivit, grew grave. i scvere, masterful in
denunciation. With the superb power of the logician he presented an
analysis of the testimony in tiic case, lifting from the mass, of hor
rifying details the vital elements which gave character, meaning and
'justification to the accusations of The Call. And when he had fin
ished men in the courtroom were in tears. Men in the jury box were
stern in their effort to suppress emotion. Baron von Schroeder's
crime against the purity of homes was understood in all its naked
From the beginning of the day to the moment when the sourd of
a bell trembled through the courtroom and announced that the htr\
had found a verdict intense excitement reigned in the courtroom.
The closing argument for The Call opened the day, and in this de
fense of an act of public policy D. M. Delmas contributed a master
piece of American forensic eloquence. He was forceful, logical,
brilliant. His invective possessed the deadly power of conviction.
He seas calm, judicial, fair in his presentation of tlte testimony in
the case and in the inevitable logical conclusions of that testimony.
Never before in a court of 'justice in this State, perhaps nowhere ¦
else, was a more dramatic,' tragic scene enacted.- Baron von Schroe—
dcr sat dumb in the agony of personal interest and saw the mental
picture of himself as he was described despicable, dishonorable, cow
ardly in the worst cowardice of which a being above a brute can be
guilty. He saw himself the despoiler, the drunken,- sensual thief of
the dearest, best gem a woman possesses. 'He saw. himself the enemy
of society, cringing m fear of the vengeance of outraged husbands,
brothers and fathers. Stung until his face flushed blood red, until
he Mnchtd and trembled before the menacing, castigating finger of
scorn and dcnitnciation, he heard the solemn words of admonition to
prostrate himself before the wife wlwse deepest thoughts he had dis
honored. Crimson-faced he heard the terrifying command to leavC
the people among zvltom he had become a blight, and in a new lami
repair the wreck of his shattered honor and remove the menace
wliich in himself he had raised to the maids and matrons of his en
vironment.
hi instituted against The Call the jury unanimously rcn
'dered a verdict in favor of The Call, and in tliat verdict declared tliat
the man who had lived the life of a debauchee, who had violated the
sacredness of homes, who had deceived men and dislionorea' women,
who had prostituted to fixe de'sircs of sensuality the most cherished,
sacredest ideals of American life, did not deserve a single cent in
compensation for a reputation which he bclinrd to Jtavc been injured
to tlie extent of a quarter of a million dollars by the exposure of his
moral leprosy which this paper, in its duty to the people.: of Califor
nia, was compelled to make. • _ . . ._
j-^AROX J. H. VON SCHROEDER sat in court at San Ra
r~\ fwl last night and heard the dread words of a jury which
.A-.-J condemned him to moral dcatlu In the suit for libel which
Paps 13 1 22
The San Francisco Call.
tiiliifContinued on Pago Twenty-Three.
"I will Eay, then, srcntlemen, as I con
clude these general remarks, that we are
then brought to the examination of the
article Itself, to its origin, its develop
ment and Its final publication. What was
the origin- of the article? In this city of
San Rafael, in the month of October and
for some time previous thereto, was a.
young man who acted as the correspond
ent of the San Francisco Call — Mr. Per
kins. Early In Octobtr Mr. Perkins flnt
made a statement at The Call office relat
ing to the conduct of the Baron at the
hotel and the consequences that that con
duct brought about. And this, gentlemen,
was the statement then made orally, in
October, by Mr. Perkins to Mr. Leake.
And if you care to follow me, Judge Ma
guire, In this matter 1 will read from
pages 62 and 63 and pazes Ci and 65 and
page C7 of the official .record. Mr. Per
kins told to Mr. Leake the following
story:
Mr*. Warfleld had Informed him that the
general would be obllfied to give up the lease
of the Hotel Rafael on account ot Baron von
Kchroeder'fl profligate' conduct; that for months
the conduct of the Baron toward the lady
guests of the hotel had been such that It had
grown notorious: that he had insulted w»men;
that thrre were other women who were on
such Intimate terms with him that be could
not Insult them, but tha.t his conduct with
them bad been an Insult to decrnt women at
the hotel: that hia conduct had not been con
fined to the hotel, but that It had been carried
on at roadside resorts with th» guests of. the
hotel, and «n particular at a place colled Pas
tori* s. or Fairfax Villa,; that he had taken
guests of the hotel there and Ills' conduct there
had been EUch that It had become noised about
the town, and that these stories were reflecting
seriously upon the hotel; that his carousals
around the hotel with members of both sexes
had been such that Mr. "Wat-field had been com
pelled to make repeated protests to him, and
that if that conduct did not cease that tho
Warflelds would be obliged to give up their
lease; that she did net believe that that con
duct would cease, because she did not believs
the leopard would change its spots.
"Now, that was the statement— I quote
It verbatim from the reporter's official
transcript In this case — made by Mr. Per
kins to Mr. Leak© early In October and
was the first Intimation The Call i office
had of the conduct of tht plaintiff In and
about the hotel and In and about this
city. The statement waa made, you ; will
recall, by Mrs. Warfieifi to Mr." Perkins
In the presence of General Warfleld, • In
the back office . of the Hotel Rafaal. and
General Warfleld . by nla silence . at": lea-it
confirmed ita truthfulness. Now, then,
let me aak you at this point certain quen
tions to be determined. right here. Does
any one deny that Mrs, Warfleld made
General and Mrs. Warfleld In
terviewed hpCalL Rep
resentatives.
ORIGIN OF THE
ALLEGED LIBEL
Mr. Delmas — You are entirely welcome
to make any objections you please, Jucl^e
Maguire. They do not disturb me and If
they please you they are entirely wel
come.
Mr. Maguire— Do I understand counsel
to intimate that the oourt prevented him
from proving the truth of this article if
he could?
The Court— You will have full opportuni
ty to reply to Mr. Delmas, Judge Ma
guire.
Mr. Slagulre — Well, it seems to me that
it is improper argument.
The Court— I do not understand that
that is the intimation at all.
men, would not that have been the course
of a man conscious of his own innocence?
But Baron von Schroeder, neither In per
son nor by friend, nor by attorney, nor by
any one, ever sought any Interview with
Mr. Spreckels; ever sought the. opportunity
to prove the baselessness of the accusa
tions contained in this article; but, like
a man conscious of the untonableness of
his own position, preferred to go into a
court of Justice to demand a quarter of
a million damages, and hopes to escape
the condemnation which his conduct de
served by excluding, through technical
appeals and objections, the evidence which
might be brought against him."
"On the". 24th of October of the same
month. Mr. Perkins, In pursuance of the
instructions which he had j received from
the office to keep track of this matter and
see If the lea?e was indeed to be given
up, telegraphed to Mr. Leake saying that
tho release of the lease was to be sfcrned
on the very next day. the 25Ui. In other
words, explaining that — I take my own
way, if .you please, beyond the limits of
a mere closely worded telegram— Mr. Per
kins said In substunce to Mr., Leake: The
event which you had Instructed me to
watch is about to take place. The ar
rangements have been made. The Baron
has consented to these people giving up
their lease, and the formal documents and
papers are to be executed on the morrow.'
What was Mr. Leake, as manager.of the
paper, whoso first duty to the public and
to its patrons is to give the news of what
is going on In the world, the news" of
those events which are of absolute public,
or quasi-public nature, to do? : Not con
tent with the statement of his corre
spondent here, but pursuing the Just spirit
of those i instructions which he had re
ceived three years ago from his employer,
Mr. Spreckels, to publish nothing until
after every : available and . reasonable
source' of * Information had been , ques
tioned and exhausted, Mr.' Leake at once
telephoned .< to General . Warfleld asking
him If It were true Indeed that he was
about to give up the management of the
hotel with which his name had been iden
tified for «o long a, period. And General
Warfl«ldf replied,;. 'I regret, f I am sorry,
that the news has got ' out ; but since you
know, of It. • IX you will come, hero In per-
"Wo then start out, gentlemen, If you
please, so far as the article is concerned,
¦with the undisputed fact that Mrs. War
field, early in October, in the rear office
of the Hotel Rafael, in the presence of
her husband. General Warfield, spea'c-
Ins to »- man whom she knew to be the
correspondent of a great metropolitan
newspaper, deliberately made these state
ments as to ths offensive course and con
duct of the owner of that hotel. That,
gentlemen, is a fact undisputed^and in
disputable here, it is a second fact in
that connection equally undisputed anJ
indisputable, that Mr. Perkins in the dis
charge of his duties as correspondent of
The Call immediately notified the man
ager of the paper of this important in
formation affecting a well known place
of public resort, affecting the character
and conduct of a well known Individual.
That is undisputed. What did the man
agement of the newspaper do? Did they
seize with avidity' upon this piece of In
formation coming from such a reliable
source?. No. Mr. Leake paid to Mr. Per
kins, 'Wait until we have a confirmation
of these things; wait until we hear that
there is substance enough in them to cul
minate in the threatened abandonment of
the lease, and then if we find that the
Warfields are indeed compelled to give up
the lease of that hotel by this man's con
duct, the story will have materialized
and it •will have assumed a tangible
shape, and then it becoming a matter of
public record and notoriety— the giving
up of this lease — we will be compelled or
we will be at least authorized as a pub
lic Journal to acquaint the public with
the facts.' Is that disputed?. Not at all.
Bear in mind, then, kindly, gentlemen,
these three facts that we meet at the
very threshold of our investigation into
the origin of this article: First, that Mrs.
Warfleld in the presence of her husband
deliberately made these statements, re
ceiving his assent by silence. Second,
that Mr. Perkins in the discharge of his
duties did communicate these statements
to the manager of the paper, Mr. Leake:
and, third, that Mr. Leake withheld the
publication until tbe event toward which
they pointed should be determined In
point of fact, and It, was seen whether
the Warflelds were compelled in reality
to give up their lease. Bearing in mind
these three facts, gentlemen, and taking
them along with us as the chainman
takes his chain as he surveys a piece of
ground, and carrying them along In our
future measurements., let us proceed.
these statements? No one denies it. There
were present at that interview Mr. Per
kins, Mrs. Warfield and General Warfleld.
Mr. Perkins relates what Mrs. Warfleld
told him; the failure to call Mrs. War
field or General Wartleld to contradict
him is an admission that he tells the
truth, and, indeed, in the argument made
by the learned -counsel,. Mr. Perkins is
one of the few witnesses, though I am
not so certain of that, that has escaped
the general wholesale denunciations of
the learned gentleman.
"Do ycu believe, gentlemen, after hear
ing tl.c testimony of Mr. Spreckels given
to you here, do you believe, after hearing
the Injunction which he has given to his
staff from the start, do you believe that,
after he had suppressed the article on the
10th of October, fifteen days previous;
do you believe, after he had sent for Gen
eral Warfleld at the very first opportu
nity after reading this article, do you be
lieve. I ask you. that if General "\Varfield
had at that Interview Bald, 'Mr. Spreckels,
this is an unfortunate article, it is not
true. Baron von Schroeder, during the
many years that I have conducted the Ho
tel Rafael, has always behaved like a
perfect gentleman. His conduct toward
the lady guests of the house has always
been characterized by chivalric courtesy
and propriety. I have never heard of his
doing anything that could be censured or
made the subject of reproof.' Do you be
lieve, gentlemcu, that John D. Spreckels
would not at ence have given . orders in
the very next issue of the paper to say,
'By Inadvertence we have done unwitting
injustice to a worthy gentleman. We de
sire to say that the source of our infor
mation was Incorrect and we make the
amende honorable, which every honest
man should make to every other man
whom he has unwittingly wronged'? You
know that would have been the course of
the paper. Tou know that would hav<*
been the impulse of Mr. Spreckels.and you
know that his authority there was su
preme,
"Let* me call your attention In the next
place, gentlemen, to a very singular fact:
That article was published on the 25th
of October, now more than a year ago.
The plaintiff here claims that it did him
a great injustice. Gentlemen, did the
plaintiff ever seek Mr. Spreckels personally
or by his representative to have that in
justice righted? If he had been, as I say,
conscious of absolute innocence of all the
things with which he waa charged in this
article, do you believe he would not have
gone to Mr. Spreckels In his office and said,
'Mr. Spreckels, you have done me an Injus
tice. I can satisfy you that these thing's
are not true. You have brought suffering
upon me and mine, and I appeal to you an
a generous, an honest and Just man, to
right, as far a* you can. the wrong that
you have started unwittingly, I believe,
to do to me and mine"? Do you believe,
gentlemen, that that would not have been
the course of a man conscious of his own
rectitude? And do you, believe that If
that appeal had been made to John D.
Spreekels, and it could have been substan
tiated even in a slight degree, that the
generosity and the innate kindness of his
nature would not have embraced the op
portunity to right an apparent wrong
which had been committed? Or, if you
say that Baron von Schroeder shrank
from going personally to see Mr. Spreck
els for fear, if you please, that he might
not be able, to oontrol, the ardor of his
temperament, or his Indignation, why did
he not send my learned friend there?
Why, when he consulted him, did he not
eay, 'Judge, go to Mr. Spreckels. I have
been deeply wronged. I know that he has
no cause of complaint against me. I
have never hurt or sought to hurt a hair
of his head. 1 have had no business
dealings with him. Go to him and tell
him that he has wronged me, and Invite
him to a complete investigation of my
conduct. I am ready to satisfy him that
this article Is not true. Appeal to his
tense of Justice and of right to pet mo
right before this community'; Gentle-
Intend to Imply by this letter is that I
personally did not see these things; mean
ing. I personally did not sit up from S
o'clock until the gray dawn of the morn-
Ing to eee the Baron gambling In the club
house; I personally did not sit up from 8
at night until 4 o'clock in the morning in
one of the winerooms of the clubhouse
and see him drinking and getting drunk
with women. I personally did not see him
drive to some resort up here somewhere
in the valley with married women and
come back at 3 o'clock in the morning in
a maudlin, drunken condition; I person
ally did not see these places in San Rafael
v.-here a certain woman made assigna
tions for him with young girls and women
by Inviting them to dinners, and so forth;
I personally did not see him sitting in the
maze or sitting upon the porch with
women on his lap and fondling them. But
all these things have come to me, and I
believe them to be true, and I do not wish
to and do not intend to retract them. 1
That is what General Warfleld in lan
guage and in fact and by proper infer
ence Elated to Mr. Spreckels.
lished?
Mr. Delmas — To Mr. Leake.
Mr. Magulre— The statement that Wal
ter Dean said particularly. It was made
afterward.
Mr. Delmas — Very well, It was made af
terward. It is possible, but highly Im
probable, gentlemen, I am in error as to
this, for I copied this language
verbatim from the record, of which I have
an official copy, at the time, that a cer
tain lady wrote, asking If Baron von
Schroeder was at the hotel, and if so she
would not come there while he was pres
ent.
"Now, that Is the statement of General
Warfleld, confessedly the whole of It, as
I Infer from the learned counsel's remark,
-with the single exception of that relating
to Mr. Dean, which he disputes, and in
¦which I do not agree with him, but the
balance of It at least la not disputed by
him. as the statement made by General
Warfleld on the night before the publica
tion of the article when Mr. Leake and
Mr. Raymond had gone there to ascertain
the truth. ' Now, gentlemen, to the ques
tion of malice I am addressing myself.
Will you please place yourselves now as
the editor or manager of a great paper.
The manager, If you please, for Mr.
Spreckels was away. Will you place your
selves In the shoes of Mr. Leake and ask
yourselves as honest men, candid, dispas
sionate, having no motives of animosity
against any one, desiring to injure no one,
but knowing that you were receiving a
salary from the owner of the paper who
was away, that you were charged with
the conduct of a great paper, and with the
duty of getting the news — I ask you If,
with the information that Mr. Leake had
that night, when he left General War
fleld's office, whether you would not con
sider it monstrous to have any one charge
you with malice in the publication of the
article that was published? What did
Mr. Leake have? He had the statement
of Mrs. Warfleld. as communicated to
him early in October by the correspondent
of the paper here. He had knowledge of
the transaction at the Palace Hotel which
was. 'killed' by Mr. Spreckels on the 10th
of October, but still Mr. Leake had knowl
edge of It. He had the knowledge Impart
ed to him as to the character of the
Baron's conduct by General Warfleld In
thl3 Interview which I have given you,
an interview which General Warfield
I knew would be published, for he had sent
I for the manager of the paper to come
there in person, he had seen with his own
eyes a reporter of that paper, pencil and
paper in hand, taking down his very
words. Ke was no child, he was no fool,
he was no obscure person. He had been
a general In our militia. He was a man
of years and of experience. He had been
a manager of hotels, one in San FYancls
co and one here, for years. He was still ;
manager of the California Hotel. Would
you have believed, gentlemen, that facts
coming to you from such a source, cor
roborated by the statement of the wife
made earlier in the month, corroborated
by the Information which you had re
ceived as to the escapade In the Palace
Hotel— would you have believed that you
were publishing a falsehood when you
took such an article based upon such In
formation as this was? I cannot con
ceive it. gentlemen, for to imagine that
you could so believe would be to imagine
you lost either to common intelligence
or to common Justice, and that Justice,
gentlemen, which you would have admin
istered to you had you been acting under
these circumstances, and were you called
upon to pay a quarter of a million dollars
to answer for your acts, that justice
which you would have your fellow-man
extend to you, you must in justice extend
to him.
"Now, has General Warfleld, has Mre.
Warfleld, his wife, ever contradicted these
statements? Learned counsel says these
statements reflecting upon the Baron are
untrue. Has he called Mrs. Warfield to
prove them untrue? Has he called Gen
eral Warfleld to prove them untrue? They
were at the hotel, but General Warfield
Is said to have written a letter— is said to
have written a letter— I emphasize the
word, gentlemen, because there is no
proof, and If your Honor will permit we
shall -ask "an instruction to that effect.
There is no proof, not a particle- of evi
dence that General Warfleldk ever wrote
any letter to Baron von Schroeder. There
is so proof that he sver wrote the letter
Mr. Maguire — Do you claim that that
statement of General Warfleld was made
to ¦ Leake before the article was pub-
to your hotel, and If I know of six, how many
more are there?"
General Wartleld sal<3: . The Baron's conduct
had brought scandal on the hotel and had
driven many respectable people away. That
formerly he had a good Sunday to Monday
trade, but the Baron's conduct had caused that
trade to fall away. That* he had acted like a
low. vile character. That there was a certain
prominent society woman of San Rafael whose
relations to the Baron von Schroeder were lla
blo' to become a public scandal at any time.
That she was In the habit of inviting young
women to parties "or dinners- given to the
Baron, and abetting him In debauching them.
Poker games were conducted by the Baron.
Certain fast women had made it so easy for
the Baron that they had given him a swelled
head, and he thought, he could Insult any
woman with Impunity. That hid presence at
the golf links had driven respectable j>eoplo
away. That a younc woman who had come
to the hotel a respectable girl,. but susceptible
to flattery, of which the Baron was a past
master, had been . ruined by tha Baron. He
had debauched " her right there : in the hotel.
Another one had been degraded by the mach
inations of the Baron and his brother. The
Baron and his brother . had ruined tha good
name of tho hotel, for the Baron took no pains
to cover-up these acts, but he rather took
pride in flaunting \ them. " Quests ¦ had com
plained repeatedly "of the Baron's conduct. He
followed women through the ground of the
hotel and ogled them from the veranda, Aa
elderly lady and her two daughters complained
that he .would follow them about the grounds,
bobbing up here and there and in «T«iyw&y
making himself so obnoxious that th«y finally
left; Mr. Walter. Dean had' said: "I know of
Uj, prominent people who have refused to go
"And now what took place? .You have,
gentlemen, as authentic sources of in
formation as to what took place at that
interview, first, the testimony of Mr.
Leake; you have, second, the testimony
of Mr. Raymond, and you have, third, the
very notes, the very paper from which Mr.
Raymond took down In writing the very
words which General Warfleld uttered
upon that occasion, and those notes are
preserved and are brought into court and
are offered to learned counsel for inspec
tion and to be put' in evidence, and would
have -been, put In evidence If he had not
objected to them. But the notes existed,
the Identical pieces of paper and the Iden
tical writing made at the time by Mr.
Raymond, coiroborated by the testimony
of Mr. Raymond and Mr. Leake, neither
of whom have been or attempted to be
contradicted in thit» case. You have heard
the statement that Mrs. Warfleld made In
the office of the Hotel Rafael. "What was
the statement that General Warfleld made
In the California Hotel on the evening of
the 24th of October, 1899? -This is the
statement: , • .
"That is the fourth fact, gentlemen, in
the birth of this article, or the fifth which
I desire you to bear in mind. The con
ference in the office of the Hotel Rafael,
the report of It given to Mr. Leake, the
instructions given to Mr. Perkins, the
telegram of Perkins, and, in the fifth
place, the communication by telephone to
General Warfleld, to which I have Just
alluded. Now. what took place? What
did these malignant defamers of private
character, these men who had a grudge
and a malice to vent of their own, and the
principal of the paper, as we are told. .too?
Mr. Leake, whose duties obviously do not
permit him to act as Interviewer and
gatherer of news, being at the head of the
paper as Its manager— Mr. Leake proceeds
in person to the California Hotel to Inter
view General Warfleld and from his own
lips to. ascertain what the facts are about
that transaction. What took place at that
Interview? We haVe such a complete au
thentic record, such a' complete bulwark
of proof upon that subject that the
learned counsel has not and of course will
not, because he has too much candor to
have made, and the length of it affords a.
sufficient warrant that he has done us the
Justice, since he would not submit this
case without argument, at least to pre
sent fully and fRlrly in hia opening all
the arguments he had to present; and
therefore I say that the events which took
place at that interview with General War
fleld as detailed by our witnesses have not
been and will not be questioned for the
simple, fact that they cannot' be.
Later Developments In
. the Case.
\
Earlu Information Confirmed bu
GIVEN RELEASE
OF OBLIGATION
son I will give you tht facts and the ex
planation of it.'_
AUDITORS FILL COURTROOfl AT SAN RAFAEL ON LAST DAY OF THE LIBEL SUIT THAT FAILED.
"Another feature In this piece of evi
dence, the fourth, that I desire you to
conslfler !s this: Mr. Sprecke's learned of
this article for the first time after midday
cn the 2Hth of October. He reads It on the
cars cn tho way from Salinas to San
Francisco. He arrives in Ran Francisco
efter an absence of a week or more at
ehout 4 o'clock in the afternoon. That
evening at his home, having employed,
doubtless, the remaining hours of dayl'ght
•which supervened after 4 o'clock in dis
charging the accumulated business of his
office— that evening, I fay, at his home,
and after dark, he read in the Evening
Bulletin a print purporting to be a letter
s'rrf-3 by General Warfleld. He at once
uks liimself the question: 'Have my in
junctions given from the start to my
ctaff been violated during my absence-? I
have Instructed them to publish nothing
except after the most scrupulous and
careful Investigation. Have they in this
instance made a mistake? Has a wrong
born done to Boron von Schroeder? What
3s the meaning- of this appere/it denial of
¦the article by General Warfle4d, who, as
the manager of that hotel, must nave had
Borne cogTiizance, direct or Indirect, of tho
facts?* It was too late to send for Gen
eral Warfleld then, but the very next
morning Mr. Bpreckels sends for General
Warfielfi. reauests him to come to tho
efflce of The Call and there they have the
Interview which has been detailed before
;ou. Mr. Spreckels says: 'General, here
is your letter; here Is the article. Do I
understand that by this letter you pro
pose to deny or do you Intend to deny tho
accuracy and truthfulness of the state
ments of this article?' 'No, Mr. Spreck
els, I wish to call your attention to tho
carefully guarded language of my letter.
I do not say that this article is not true.
I do not say that th» statements in it -are
untrue. On the contrary, I affirm to you
that I believe evtry one of them to bo
true. I merely. stato to you and all that X
Publication.
Which Fully Justified
Investigation Mcde In Advance
INSTRUCTIONS
NOT VIOLATED
The Court— I understand that perfectly:
but there Is no evidence before tho Jury
cr the court upon this trial as to the na
ture of rhat proposed publication.
Mr. Delmas— I do not propose to violate
the rules ana limitation which your Honor
¦will place on this matter. So I pass on,
pw.tlenK'n. At ell events this fact Js in
clfputable. I am entirely. within the lim
it* which the narrowest scrupulousness
cou]<3 impose when I say that on the 10th
of October, fifteen dai's before this ar
ticle was published, Terrain information
reached The Call of fjcts Affecting tha
plaintiff here and his brother: that the
Information ¦was of such a character that
The manager of the paDer deemed It of
Fufficlor.t importance t', wake Mr. Spreck
rls up in h!s bed at the Mission, bring him
to the office and demand from him hia
authority, his determination of that lin
portar.t question, and that Mr. Spreckels
came and caused the suppression of that
ertlcle in which thf name of the plaintiff
emd the conduct of himself and his brother
tvere involved. That Is in evidence. And
I C<> not think, may it please your Honor,
that I transgress the bounds of propriety
when I state that you were authorized
to infer what the character of that in
formation was from the conduct of the
plaintiff and his counsel in this case.
The Court— The ruling of the court upon
that particular evidence was to the effect
that it was not essential to a Justification.
Inasmuch as it was admitted by counsel
that It did not refer to any article that
reflected upon the plaintiff the court ruled
It cut on that ground and promised to ln-
Etruct the Jury that It was not essential
to a J-ustiflcatlon.
llr. Delmas — Pardon me. Does your
Honor recall the comments upon that
very part of the article made by the
learned counsel last night? Does your
Honor recall that he especially dwelt upon
that sentence In which he said that the
brother's conduct has been such as to
cause his being booted out of the hotel,
us an evidence of the malice of Mr.
Bpreckels?
Mr. Dclmas — I stan3 rebuked before
your Honor, but when counsel comes here
ar.d In order to bolster up a sinking cause
speaks to throw the vreieht of his own
character Into it by telling us what he
believes i3 he pursuing a proper course?
Mr. Mag-uire— And I think I ought to say
I not only do rot know them to be true
but believe them to be untrue.
Mr. Dclmas— I will make this offer: I
•wi'l 6top right here. Permit us to tele
phone for that porter, permit him to take
the stand, and If this Jury does not eay
what I have vaguely intimated is true
>-eu may have your verdict.
Mr. Magruire— We are not going to try
a case in that way.
Sir. Delmas — N'o, I know you are not.
The Court — I think that offer is Im
proper.
Tha Court— I am Inclined to think. Mr.
Dclmas, that you an* going beyond the
record.
"We* John D. Bpreckols at that time
actuated by personal malice against this
plaintiff? Did he desire to use his paper
In order to do him harm, in order to
wreak an Injustice upon him? The man
i.frtmcr.t of tho paper said that the pub
lication was Trarranted by every rule of
xaewspapeT ethics; the information was
correct and beyond question. Mr. SprecU
«:• eaifl. 'No. kill this article.' Was that
done in malice? Was there any desire to
graXlty revenge? Did not the facts ex
ist? If they had not existed, would my
learned friend have objected to our proof
of them? If he could have introduced evi
dence to phow that it was not true, that
tho conduct of these people at that hotel
had been such as to warrant the state
ments in the article, which he read, of
his brother being booted out of there,
¦would my learned friend have objected to
our proof if he could have disproved It?
Ho knew they were true. He knew that
he could not disprove it. He knew that
¦ween the night watchman of the Palace
Hotel carne upon the stand he could have
told a tale which would have thrown in
conijileto ehadow the most disgusting rev
elations which have been beard by you
here,"
Mr. Masruire— If your Honor please, this
is wholly improper. Counsel has no right
to proceed to discuss matters that the
court has ruled out.
based vpan. faota, against tho plaintiff
bare, sad Clt not hesitate to aweken the
mreer of the paper, who was then Quietly
Slumbering- in his borne at the Mission, to
fwtken kim past midnight to come to the
r See of The Call and to cive his final ap
jproral or disapproval of the publication
of an article- already composed and ready
to go to press which re-reeled such, a con
dition and eucli conduct on tho part of
t£e plaintiff here that his connsel shrank
from inrestlgaGng It when wo bad tho
Witnesses her*.
"General Warfleld had bean there In
that hotel during ail the time that Baron
von Schroeder waa there, during tho con
tinuance of his lease. If Baron von
Schroeder's conduct and reputation In that
hotel had been that of a well behaved,
decent, honorable, courteous, respectful
gentleman to ladles. General Warfleld
would have known what that standing
and that reputation was. Mrs. Warfleld
would have known what that standing?
and that reputation was. And bear in
mind, gentlemen, this la a suit to recover
damages for injury to reputation and to
that alone, and while I am upon this sub
ject, gentlemen, permit me to extend
those remarks a little. Why, out of tho
broad circle of acquaintances which Baron
von Schroeder mu*tof necessity have mada
in this State by virtue of hia position, by
virtue of his wealth, by vlrtuo of tha
standing and position of tha family Into
which he married, by virtue of the gay
I associates among whom he mingled, how
"Let me ask a question right her© and
reiterate upon my learned friend a Ques
tion of his own, which he seems to have
asked with considerable vehemence, tho
degree of vehemence being no doubt in
the Inverse ratio of hi3 confidence in his
position. Why. he says, did not the de
fendant call General Warfleld? And I ask
the other side, why did not you call him?
I will give you the reasons why we did
not call him. gentlemen, and you can
learn from the learned counsel, either by
his silence or by his words If ho replies
to this argument, what are his reasons
for not calling- him. General 'U'arfldi
could have proved what? Corcld have
proved the Interview that took place be
tween his wife and Mr. Perkins In tho
rear office of the Hotel Rafael. That was
already proved and uncontradictedly
proved by Mr. Perkins. General Warfleld
could have proved what? Ctwild hava
proved tha Interview which took place be
tween Mr. Leake. Mr. Raymond and him
self at the California Hotel on the night
of October 21. That was proved by Air.
Leake. It was proved by Mr. Raymond.
It waa proved by the notes of that inter
; view still In Raymond's possession. Thero
1 was no necessity of calling General War
i field to prove a fact already established
by two witnesses and by documentary ev
, idence, especially a fact which no ono
questioned. But, gentlemen, why did not
they call him?
bu Any Contradictory
Evidence.
Testimony of Witnesses Not Met
FACTS FULLY
ESTABLISHED
of which a copy purports to be published
In tha Bulletin. Where is that letter,
gentlemen? And I will tell you why I
make that statement. The purported let
ter is addressed to fiaron von Schroeder,
confessedly the plaintiff here. It addresses
him as *My dear sir.' It Is signed, sub
scribed 'Believe me. very truly youxa.' It
professes to place tha author of it la a
position of amazement and regret at tha
publication which has been made. Why
In the name of Justice is not that letter
produced? It Is addressed to the plain
tiff. He must have received It. It pur
ports to be a friendly letter to the Baron
von Schroeder, calling him 'my dear sir,*
subscribing It with an exhortation to
'believe me. very truly yours.' Why 13
not that letter, if there la any such a let
ter In existence, produced? But the publi
cation In the Bulletin was undoubtedly
made, because here is a copy of It. You
have heard the explajiation of that letter,
gentlemen, given by Hr. Spreckels. given
to Mr. Spreckels by General Warfleld.
The general says: 'I did not Intend and
do not intend by that letter to state that
the facts contained in this article are not
true* On the eontrarv. I believe them,
every one of them, to be true, substantial
ly true. All that I mean in that letter 13
that I personally did not see these things
and consequently have no personal knowl
edge of them." That is the extent an"!
purport and all there Is of that letter In
conception of General Warfleld. But
the court will instruct you, gentlemen, ac
least we ask the court to Instruct you,
that the letter itself does not contain one>
single particle of legal evidence that Gen
eral Warfleld ever Questioned tha truth
of these facts, and. furthermore, as I have
stated, there i» not a particle of evidence,
that General "Warfleld ever wrote or ever
signed a letter of this kind.
DECENCY WINS A MOST SIGNAL VICTOR Y
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1900.
14
Next: The tablet form not only pre-
serves the medicinal properties but it is
so far more convenient to carry and to
use at any tlmo that it Is only a question
of time when the tablet will entirely su-
persede liquid medicines, as It has already
done in the medical department of tha
United States army.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, the- new Ca-
tarrh cure, has the following advantages
over other catarrh remedies:
First: These tablets contain no cocaine,
morphine or any other injurious drug and
are as safe and beneficial for children aa
for adults; this is an important point when
it is recalled that many catarrh remedies
do contain these- very objectionable ingre-
dients.
Next: Being in tablet form this remedy
does not deteriorate with age, or an ex-
posure to the air as liquid preparations in-
variably do.
A Few Beasons Which Are Bapidty
Making a New Catarrh Curt
Famous.
POINTS OF EXCELLENCE.
AD V J^RTIST'.'M"ETTTS.
Notice Is hereby given that a r«-
. ward of $500 will be paid for in-
formation leading to the arrest
and conviction of parties who ma-
liciously op otherwise tamper with
the poles, lines, transformers,
wires, manholes, cables, conduit*,
lamps, meters', fuses or other
property of the Independent Elec-
tric Ll&ht and Power Company.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets do this better
than the old form of treatment because
they contain every safe specific known to
modern science In the antiseptic treatment
of the disease.
Next: The use of inhalers and spraying
apparatuses, besides belnsr Ineffective and
disappointing, is expensive, while a com-
plete treatment of Stuarfs Catarrh Tab-
lets can be had at any drug store in tho
United States and Canada for 50 cents
Catarrh must be driven out of the sys-
tem, out of the blood, by an Internal rem-
edy because an internal remedy is the only
kind which can be assimilated Into th©
blood.
Isext: You can not euro catarrh by lo-
cal applications to the nose and throat
because these are simply local symptom*
and such treatment can not possibly reach
the real seat of catarrhal disease, which,
is the blood; for this reason, inhalers.
douches, sprays and powders never really
cure catarrh, but simply gt-ve temporary
relief which a dose of plain salt and water
will do Just as well.
•Next: No secret is made of the compo-
sition of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets; they
contain the active principle- of Eucalyptus
bark, red gum, blood root and Hydrastln.
all harmless antiseptics which, however,
are death to catarrhal germs wherever
found, because they eliminate them from
the blood.DECUNE OE THE CIOABETTE.
When one reads, as has frequently been
the case of late, of the arrest of such and
such an individual for the maintaining
and promoting of a lottery It is hard to
conceive that within the present century
Harvard ColleST® sought and obtained per
mission from the Legislature to hold such
an affair, says the Boston Globe. Buch
is the case, however, if we can rely on
In 1&>6 when the finances of the college
were in a decidedly critical state, the cor
poration, having represented the situation
and duly petitioned, were accorded power
bv the general court to raise by means of
a lottery the sum of J30.000 for the erec
tion of a new building in the college yard.
With the proceeds of this lottery the col
letrewas enabled to begin In 1811 the new
building, which was completed in 1S13.
The entire cost of the building—Hol
worthy—was $24,000. so that the balance
which remained of the $29,000 produced by
the lottery was "applied to reinstate the
stock which the college had expended in.
erecting Stoughton Hall and to other ob
jects specified In the act granting tho lot
te T?i'is new building, 1 which to-day Is prob
ably the one most sought after by under
graduates at tho annual drawing of rooms
and in which it Is not allowed that fresh
men shall live, received Its name in honor
of Sir Matthew. Holworthy, the greatest
benefactor of the colloare In respect to the
amount or hi* bounty during the seven
t^to^»mS II ?2eVehknt-of Hackney In the
eounty of Middlesex, and was knighted by
Charte* II in 1665. .At his deatn, fn 1573. a
part of his will was found to read aa fol
lows: "I give and bequeath to the college
or university In or of Cambridge, in New-
England, the sum of £1000 (enormous at
that time), to be paid over to the gover
nors and directors thereof, to be disposed
of by them as they shall judge best for
promoting ¦ of learning and promulgation
of th* ffoapel In those parts; the same to
be paid within two years after my de
mise." , '; ~ M -
The above case of a lottery, however,
was not the first In the history of the
college. As early as 1765 one had Tbe*n au
thorized for the purpose of raising funds
for the erection. of a new bulldinj (now
Harvard Hall) to replace its predecessor,
destroyed by fire.' The fire, which de
stroyed the former building was supposed
to have originated . under the hearth of
the library, where a fire had been kept
for the us© of the general court, which
was sitting there on account of the prera-
LOTTERIES ONCE COMMON.
DEjrVER. Dec 22.— A special to the
\ ewa * from !*loreriee, Colo., says the
threatened race war and strike of smel
ter men has been averted, tne Italians,
•vrbose importation caused u.e trouble,
having be«n sent back to Pueblo. Tne
smelter management aJso granted other
Prcmpt Action Avert a
Bace War.
yrnna.go.Ta of Colorado Smelters by
ITAUL&2TS SHIPPED
BACK TO PUEBLO
In a lengthy memorandum the Gov
ernor sets forth his reasons for removing
Colonel Gardiner. He says:
ALBAN'T, Dec. 22. -Governor Roosevelt
ennounced to-night that he had removed
from office Asa. Bird Gardiner, District
Attorney of New York County, en
charges preferred by Deputy Attorney
General H. H. Hammond. At the same
time the Governor made it known that he
had appointed Eugene A. Philbln of New
York City, CommieEloner on the State
Board of Charities and a Democrat, to
Ull the vacancy.
MIAMI Fla.. Dec. 22.— The largo Eng
lish steamer Mount Oswald, laden with
coke, which went ashore qn the 20th at
Elbow Key. forty miles south of Miami,
is being unloaded by wreckers. It has
been discovered that the ship has a large
hole in her bottom.
Mount Oswald Badly Damaged.
I requests of the union ovembcrs and every
thing is now harmonious. In view of the
threatening aspect of affairs Dr. Cuneo,
the Italian Consul In Denver, has ap
pealed to the State and Federal authori
ties to protect his countrymen.
"Where the. conduct of the District At
torney for the county of New York af
fects elections his conduct becomes a
natter not merely of county but of State
and national concern. Fraud or violence
at the polls in New York County In a na
tional election mav concern not merely
the county itself, not merely the other
count!e3 of the State, but other States of
'The charge vitally affecting the con
duct of tha District Attorney is that
which relates to his attitude about elec
tion time toward the indictment of Chief
of Police Devery after the latter had is
sued a scandalously Improper and se
ditious order to the police' force under
him.
This parasite is said to be an absolute
destroyer of every kind of scale. Mr
Westlake is not the discoverer of the
parasite, but Is probably the first man ex
ceDt the discoverer who has attempted to
make the find of value to the - general
public. He said to-day that as yet he had
hardly begun • his investigations and . was
not in a position to. make public any in
formation regarding the scale. The dis
covery was so recent that almost nothing
was as yet known of it. He said,, how
ever, that although the raraslte was un
doubtedly of great value as a destroyer
of scale, it was now obtainable in such
small i numbers that the question of rapid
propagation would be an Important point
In the investigation:
PACIFIC GROVE. Dec. 22.— W. J.
Westlake of • Martine?:, Horticultural
Commissioner /and Quarantine Guardian
for Contra Costa County, is strong In his
belief that the scale-destroying parasite,
the discovery of which was reported in
The Call to-day, will solve a problem
that has long puzzled owners of orchards
Mr. Westlake Is spending a month In Pa
ciitc Grove for hla health and while hers
will make an investigation with regard to
the development ana propagation of the
parasite, which- was. recently found upon
the Monterey pine. . .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
an End to Destruction
of Trees. -
We3tlake's Parasite May Put
the Union. It is a mere truism to assert
that honest elections, free from both
fraud a.nd violence, stand at the very
basis of our form of republican self-gov
ernment.
"There is no use in discussing principles
and issues unless it is eettled that the
conclusion which the majority reaches
upon such principles and issues shall be
honestly recorded In the election Itself
There can be no possible Justification for
any man, and above all for any publ'c
officer, failing to do everything In his
power to prevent crime against the bal
lot-box. No more serious crime apalnst
the State, andjn time of peace, no crime
so serious, can be committed."
"Margaret Fuller once expressed the
willingness to exchange her fine intellect
and all her accomplishments for the beau
ty and attractiveness of Emily Marshall
who had bfeen her schoolmate," writes
William Perrine of the "Loveliest Woman
in All America," in the November Ladies'
Home Journal. " 'Miss Marshall stood be
fore us a reversion to that faultless type
of structure which artists have Imagined
in the past and to that ideal loveliness of
disposition which poets have fancied in
the golden age,' was the verdict of a
Boston gallant, one of the- fair beauty's
neighbors, recorded in after life, when his
Judgment was unprejudiced. Such was the
homage which the people of Boston would
sometimes bestow upon i Miss Marshall
that one night when Daniel Webster, then
beginning his career In the United States
Senate, visited the Federal Street Theater
the applause which the audience show
ered upon him was not greater than the
cheers with which it welcomed the divine
Emily. In New York she caused such a
sensation that one morning ten gentle
men at one time were seen In her escort
and sixty left their cards for her. When
she went to such summer, resorts as Sara
togathe crowds at the hotel would form
a lane through which she might pass as
they waited to view her going to and from
her coach, and it is a Philadelphia tradi
tion that when she visited that city one
of the schools was closed earlier than the
usual hour to give the young girls . a
chance . to see the famous belle. Indeed
women looked upon her with an admira
tion which they seldom accord to beau
ties." , ; .
Famous Boston Belle.
Homag« Paid to Emily Marshall, the
A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN:
Charge Relates to His Attitude About Election Time Toward the
Indictment of Chief of Police Devery.
DISTRICT ATTORNEY GARDINER
REMOVED BY GOVERNOR ROOSEVELT
ganize the Soldiers of the Queen.
Dr. A. Conan Doyle, the novelist, who
went to 'South Africa and labored as a
volunteer surgeon for months, lias not
been Impressed by the efficiency of the
British army. Dr. Doyle has written sev
eral sketches and at least one serious
criticism delineating the lessons of the
war as ho understands them. Incident
ally, he pays tribute to the military
genius of the Boers, who proved them
selves bo far superior in marksmanship,
in cover and in mobility.
He suggests reorganization of tne Eng
lish aimy on a peace basis of 100,000 men.
He would abolish the lance, eword and
revolver, substituting for cavalry 40,000
mounted infantry, each Individual soldier
selected for marksmanship and good rid
ing. He would have a highly trained ar
tillery arm and merely skeleton Infantry
organizations to preserve names and tra
ditions—say thirty highly trained marks
men to the company— to leaven the militia
with jwhich they would be recruited for
war Dr. Doyle argues that such an or
ganization can be more economically
maintained on a peace footing and more
efficiently filled with intelligent recruits.
Besides these measures he advocates re
form in officering the army, less gold lace,
less luxury at mess, less frippery and
more serious work. #
Dr Doyle Is a shrewd observer and a
thorough student. He is familiar with
the army organizations and military prac
tices of the world. Long an admirer of
the American citizen soldier and the.mili
tary system of this country t he has not
been slow to appreciate the splendid qual
ities of the Boer, who can go from the
farm to the battlefield with steady nerves,
true aim, marvelous ingenuity In finding
cover and the discipline born of Individual
thought, with singleness of purpose. In
common with many thoughtful observers
Dr Doyle has little faith In huge standing
armies or barrack parades.. His reliance
is in men trained in the art of fighting
with guns, delivering punishment at a
minimum risk, exercising individual intel
ligence and animated by a spirit of united
patriotism that secures better cohesion
than severity of military discipline.—
Pittsburg Dispatch. •
How Dr. Conan Doyle Would Beor-
AN IDEAL ARMY.
BRISTOL, R. I.. I>ec. 22.— The keel of
the new cup defender was successfully
completed at the Herreshoff shops this
afternoon. The actual work of casting the
great mass of more than ninety tons took
six and a half hours and was done at the
south shop. The fires were lighted under
the melting pots between •» and 5 o'clock
this morning, the kettles having been pre
viously filled with the pigs of lead.
Nat Herreshoff gave the order to turn
the valves which allowed the metal ta
run from the pots Into the ke©x> mold
at 7'2Q this morning. During the progress
of the work everything went on smootn
ly and the portion of the craft which has
so Important a bearing on her in the wa
ter was completed at 1:30 this afternoon,
when the order was given to cease pour
intr the metal. About five tons of pi« lead
wfre yesterday placed in the keS and
these are now firmly embedded In the
m it will take about two day* for the keel
to cool sufficiently to allow men to
work on It, but nothing will be done with
it until Wednesday, when the sand in
the wooden frame will be removed and
later the planks will be pulled away. The
next process will be the. cleaning of the
keel and before the whole mass has all
foreign substance removed and. Its sides
polished a day and a half will have been
consumed. The holes to engage the bolts
and other filings will next occupy the at
tention of th« builders. Some iron rods
are already in place In the keel.
Next Step Will Be «»e Clesmins
and Polishing? of the Mass and
Drilling of the
Holes.
The Work Is Done Under
the Supervision of Nat
Herreshoff.
CUP DEFENDER'S
METAL KEEL CAST
lence of smallpox In Boston. The new
building, erected from the proceeds of the
lottery contained a "chapel, dlnln* hall,
library, museum, philosophy chamber and
an apartment for the philosophical appa
ratus." Such description sounds not un
like a catalogue of the machinery and
cogs stored Inside a man's bead.
Again the lottery was resorted to (1794)
for the purpose or replenishing the treas
ury of the college. On this occasion the
capital prize ox $10,000 was drawn by th»
college Itself, the lucky number beta;
While MacDonald was In the hand3 of
the surgeons a policeman eat near him
and kept him under constant surveil
lance. Technically he is under arrest and
in the custody of the police, but while the
fight for his life is going on there will be
no restraint beyond surveillance. Owing
to the critical nature of his wounds the
doctors have not permitted him to be
seen for the purpose of giving a state
ment.
MacDonald was removed to the emer
gency hospital, where the doctors have
been busily engaged in trying to save his
life. He was bleeding profusely from the
sashes he had made across his throat, but
Jt was found on examination that the
jugular vein had not been pierced and that
the wound was not likely to endanger his
life. The bullet wound In the breast
proved to be more serious. The bullet en
tered the left breast below the heart and
lodged in the back between the ribs. An
operation was performed and the ball re
moved. The doctors were hopeful, the
man would pull through unless blood
poisoning or other unfavorable symptoms
developed. '>*•.' .
He has many friends, however, who re
gard him as a man of many excellent
qualities.
He was well regarded by the Treasury
officials, but was not popular with some
of the subordinates In his office, who com
plained that he was unnecessarily harsh In
his treatment of them and often exacted
more work than they could do. It also la
said that in order to keep the work up t6
date he would require them to work over
time and lose a part of their annual vaca
tion. The Treasury officials, however, do
not agree with these statements and say
that the Auditor required from each clerk
a good day's work and no more.
MacDonald is a brother of William H.
MacDcnald, the well known barytone,
manager of the Bostcnlans, who is said
to have educated him for the operatic
stage. He is unmarried, 53 years of age
and is tall and fine looking. He also is
from Ohio, and has been in the Govern
ment employ since soon after the Civil
War. In 1560. he was removed from his
position es chief of division in the office
of Commissioner of Customs. In 1890 he
was reappolnted clerk in the office of the
auditor of the War Department. In 1897
he was made disbursing officer In that
office. In addition to his other duties, re
ceiving in all $2000 a year.
. In February, 1900, his accounts were
found short $1000, and upon being required
to make an explanation h» claimed that
on one occasion he had forgotten to close
his safe on leaving his office and that it
had been robbed of $1000. He produced
evidence which tended to exonerate him
from the charge of taking the money, and
as he immediately made good the amount
nothing further was done except to re
duce his salary to $1400 and transfer him
to the office of the auditor for the Post
office Department, where he was em
ployed at the time" of the tragedy. It is
stated that MacDonald has been a hard
drinker at times and many of his misfor
tunes can be traced to this source.
MacDonald after tiring again attempted
to get out of the room, but encountered
clerks and employes, whom the sound of
the tiring had brought to the doors, and
then turned and tired again. This is be
lieved to have been the fatal shot. The
employes who know MacDonald said he
had a grievance against Morris, who, he
claims, was responsible for having his pay
reduced. Others who knew him said they
could not attribute his deed to anything
but a diseased brain from overindulgence
in liquor.
Frank H. Morris was a native of Cleve
land, Ohio, 49 years of age, and leaves a
wife —and two sons. He entered the
Government service at the beginning of
the present administration as Auditor for
the Navy Department. During the first
two years he made an exceptionally good
record for efficiency, bringing the delayed
work up to date and putting the office In
better shape than ever before.
A year and more ago Morris was made
Auditor for the War Department, chang
ing places with Auditor Brown. In his
new place ho maintained his record as an
executive officer and soon had the work,
which was much behind, up to date.
An eye-witness to the latter part of the
encounter between the two men stated
that upon hearing the sound of the shots
he ran into the Auditor's office, which he
had just left. Upon entering the room he
saw the two men struggling in each
other's arms, MacDonald holding his re
volver close to Morris' breast. ¦
Washington. Dec. 22.— Frank h.
Morris of Ohio, Auditor of the War De
partment, was shot and instantly killed
about 2:10. o'clock this afternoon by Sam
uel MacDonald, also of Ohio, recently a
disbursing clerk of the Treasury, In the
former's office at Winder building, on Sev
enteenth street. Auditor Morris was clos
eted alono with MacDonald when the
shooting occurred. In trying to make his
escape ; MacDonald also assaulted . the
watchman, Thomas Cuslck, with the butt
of his revolver, i He was arrested while
leaving the building. Before being taken
into custody 1 , however, he shot himself in
the stomach, and also made an ugly gash
in his throat with a small penknife. When
the officers arrested him he was heard to
exclaim: "I did it I I know I'm done for!"
After Committing the Crime Mac-
Donald Attempts Suicide
With Revolver and
Assassin Is Samuel Mac-
Donald of the Postoffice
Department.
AUDITOR MORRIS
SHOT AND KILLED
two weeks agx> with a cargo of Black
Diamond coal for Lahlna, Hawaii, sprang
a leak during a severe storm off Cape Flat
tery and had to put Into Barclay Sound,
Vancouver Island, for safety. She is in
a disabled condition. A tug Is to tow the
craft to Port Townsend. where she" prob
ably will arrive Monday.
The Highland Light's present condition
Is convincing evidence that the late
storm, which was supposed to have ex- s
tended but a short distance oft Cape Flat
tery, -was very general over the Pacific.
It must have reached out 1000 miles or
more to the westward. The Highland
Light must have been well on her way to
the Hawaiian Islands when overtaken by
the storm.
In her battle with - the winds the bark
lost her mizzen mast and had her bul
warks washed away.
Coal-Laden Craft Puts Back to a
Vancouver Island Port in
Disabled Condition.
SEATTLE, Dec. 22.— The old bsftrk High
land Light; which sailed from this port
BARK mQTTT.ATTD rJQHT
SPRINGS ALEAK AT SEA
VANCOUVER, Dec. 22.— Little definite
news regarding the condition . of the
wrecked steamer City of Topeka, which
ran on Sullivan Rocks, Lynn Canal, a
week ago, 1 could be learned from the
steamer Victorian, which arrived to-day
from Skaguay. The Victorian passed the
wreck at night, so Captain Connell had
no opportunity of examining the Topeka.
H. Diedrlck, agent for Dodwell & Co. at
Skaguay. visited the wreck on Tuesday
and says that by patching her forward
and center and the breaks where leakage
would be possible she may be saved. The
vessel's portholes were opened shortly
after the wreck so that she would remain
full of water, and In that way be saved
from knocking around on the rocks. But
part of her decks have been swept away,
and it is- thought the vessel would be
down to her bare hull by the time she was
ready to be towed away.- . • - .
Officers of the Victorian have developed
a more serious view of the Topeka's case
from statements they had heard made at
Skaguay by shipping men. According to
them there was little hope for the ves
sel, as she was breaking: up, and they be
lieve that she would certainly be a total
loss If a storm should occur.
The steamship Rival, according to re
ports brought here to-night by the tug
Rabbonl, had a perilous voyage from San
Francisco to South Bend. After leaving
Ban Francisco the Rival encountered
severe gales, and. when she succeeded In
reaching Wlllapa Harbor the weather was
ho stormy that she was unable to pick up
the buoys marking the "channel. While
lying to . she had the port . side of her
cabin stove In full length, and In that
condition, as the fury of the gale In
creased, she was compelled to put to. sea,
and while under a full head of steam
drifted broadside before the gale for forty
miles. She then headed for Cape Flattery,
arriving in the morning with only ten tons
of, coal. Captain Johnson said he mo
mentarily expected his vessel to go to
the bottom. >
PORT TOWNSEND, Dec. 22.— The
schooner Americana, which arrived this
morning from Honolulu, reports having
sighted the steamship reported in distress
and anchored between Tatoosh and Flat
tery'Rocks yesterday. The Americana
was six miles from her and saw no sig
nals of distress. Captain Smith, of the
schooner. Forester," Is of the opinion that
the disabled vessel is the Bristol, which
sailed from Nanaimo three days ago for
San' Francisco, or the Charles D. L*ne.
She had her nagrs half-masted.
If Not the Charles D. Lane She May
Be the Bristol, From Nanaimo
for San Fran- .
Cisco.
Identity of Steamship in
Distress Off Flattery
Y«t in Doubt.
VESSEL'S FLAGS
AT HALF-MAST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; DECEMBER S3, 19OO.
"What kind of paintings did you say
they were, Frances?'!/. said a mother to a
small daughter- who .was describing* a
"view" to which she had been invited.
"They were these lmpressionless paint
ings, mamma."— Detroit Free Press.
In 1S00 our country was a Dlucky fledge
ling, healthy, vigorous, ardent In hope
high in resolve. Our total population was
less than 6.500,000. Germany and Britain
each had four times our number, Spain
twice as many. ; and even little Portugal
had as big a family of sons and daugh
ters as Uncle Sam. West of the Mississip
pi* all' was wilderness. "We had thirteen
little States and few cities of prominence
except Philadelphia, . New York. , Balti
more, Boston and Charleston. The entire
revenue'of the United States Government
under our first ¦ administration ' was only
$4,500,000, ' whila it. now, costs.' annually
$9S,100,413 33 todefray the expenses of the
Government of Greater New York. Wash
ington . was then a new settlement - with
only a" few, thousand population, and had
been only lately, made the capital.—Suc
cess. 'AflMHEISRWBPtiMBBRsttnSg^ ¦ ¦ . :¦
A Century's Progtress.
Major George McCann, one of the best
known , tobacconists In the country, has
just given out the surprising information
that there has been a great decrease in
the use of cigarette, and he says the
most remarkable thin« In the tobacco
business is the fact that within two years
the quantity of cigarettes smoked has de
creased 95 per cent, and where 100 cigar
ettes were smoked . In 1S93 but five are
smoked this year. Major McCann says
this shows the great power of public sen
timent, which Is strongly against the se
ductive little white rolls. The laws for
bidding their" sale entirely- In many of
they large cities of the country have had
much ; to do with the decrease in their
use, and there Is no denying that the cru
sade carded on by the women and other
opponents has also- had a great effect.
He does not believe the disappearance of
the cigarette from such , universal use
means that the influence of the tobacco
habit is less general, and he adds that
the only difference is that more . ctaars
are beingr used. The major says:
••Another thlnjf that has killed the xlx
arette in the general practice of rolling
cigarettes from smoking tobacco. Another
cause for, the decline of the olgarette . li
the universal \ condemnation : of the phy
sicians. Of course, the Injury is In the in
haling, 'and there Is some In the
secret \ preparation m^ iWnlcn the paper
wrappers were dipped. . , .
• "It took almost sixteen years for cigar
ettes - to : become of ; general use, and It
has - taken \ only, two years ' to undo the
accumulated- practice of f sixteen years.
The diminution In the 6ale of cigarettes Is
greater in the cheap brands than In the
nigh priced. First ten In a package were
sold for a cent each," ten In a ten~ cent
packag-o. Then ten In 1 a" package were
sold for. a 1 nickel, and 'finally i twenty In a
package.— Baltimore : American.
the Pernicious Thing-.
15
TINY FRIEND OF
THE ORCHARDIST
Astonishing Decrease to the Use of
B. KATSCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 Third St, Saa Franchsx
LAST DAY MUST
CLEAR THEM OUT
Mr. K&tscMnskl aaoocneelktfcat he
will sell cheaper than ever, and that
he does not Intend to carry any of hla
Christmas roods over. Come to him
for bargains. Tour last chance on the
last day. Infants', Children's and
Misses' BLACK QUILTED SATIN,
FUR-TRIMMED JULIETS with sprtnx
heels, all slzea from No. S Infants* to
No. S Misses'. Reduced to 5oc.
INDIES' PEARL ORAT OR
BROWN FRENCH BSAVER TC-
LIET3, fur trimmed and fiecc* lined.
Reduced to 05c.
MEN'S BI^ACK OR TAN KH>
EVERETT SUPPERS. Reduced to
' ?1.2O.
LITTLE GENTS' CAM 1 - XiINXD
BOX CALF LACE SHOES, doabla
soles and spring heela. sizes I to 1SV»>
Reduced to 91110.
ALL OTHER HOLTDAT GtFT3 SOUS
CHEAPER THAN EVER.
PHILADELPJiliSHOE GO.
10 THIRD ST. San Francisco.
Among the many famous cures of that the cares of life are more than *ne
Swamp-Root investigated by The Call can stand. It is a boon to the weak and
none seem to speak higher of the wonder- allln S- — *»-»-»
ful curative properties of this great kid- o °*^^*" ; Si3^<
ney remedy than the one we publish this '^^ \-#»v *S! a^5£.b
week for the benefit of our. readers: (u&4r if
Mrs. H. N. Wheeler of 117 High Rock St.. \^& +. . JjjpjjgfMg ,, tl. \',Wl
Lynn, Mass, writes: "About 18 months ago I ,*>// «fc^9^5^«r 3^>JFik VY*.
had a very severe spell of sickness. I was ex- !*// -iV.'*iJt^-J&^ ;^Sf\ W^ 1
tremely sick for three weeks, and when I ?H %^£zhi5^^Si*i- r f\ V\£
finally was able to leave my bed I was left ;// i&i^&yZzi&l*- fiSB-'K'"* ?* \*\
with excruciating paln« tn - my back. My •IB iPkSfr&f?^ *ir\
water at times looked very much like coffee. c/j A^i*CT» »i£tf S , I
I could pass bat little at a time, and then tjr Y$r)*f-i&' v '-v«' \Jf
only aft&r gUfTarin? great paia. My physical /| fS&K**^ * *¦* \ V
condition was such that 1 had no str-ngrth III V*$ft£%i*Efew\ '< jP^Y*'* 1 ? \\
and wu all run down. Th« doctors said my I " ISS&'t'V^S^si 'feS 5 * &f V.
kidneys were not affected, but I felt certala I , <iSiC''|*. .«i^i *3?
• that they were the cause ot my trouble. My VJ A ' ¦^**t* \ C\,» \S
sister, Mrs. C. E. Uttlefleld. of lumn. ad- o (/> S%%,y/* '**&. \ 'lAVA^
vised m# to givt Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root a M // \2s%* £W^\ nV\V\v»
trial. I procur*d a bottle and Inside of three i«J *l[f/f, J2&faJ&*[\^y H^WNN
days commtnMd to get relief. I followed np 11 l///////$?w ; fc'94!E!£ K i LV\\V\\v>
that bottle with another, and at the comple- y ////WH;a%4'.'^» r / vvAvcsx '
tlon of this on» found I was completely ourad. *,\ lf//////$£kt .vCSifet^ i>.^\V\ v \\VV >
My strength returned, and to-day I am as J» '/////Mf^^^^-i-%^\' \^\V$X 'I
well as «ver. 1 My business Is that of can- SiU w/v//AJ^^~-^±- 10^^s^K
vaseer, I am on my feet A great deal of the Jjli \ //%>^*?^J§?^r""* C^^$nJ$*'|
tlm« and have to use much energy in getting 'TM'vK;; / j££?i:'"'*!F'**l3?* <^ <^?*>^^ 1 il '
around. My cure Is. therefore, all the mor» vl WflE?» •'-¦'* ¦ ; -^''^ ; £»-r«*«{SS'vt^^89ilV'
remarkable, and Is (rratlfy'.ns to •'flfevSQ&^Ci'v^^V.^V-t:.Vi '¦ '^ <>iij\;.
me." , MP.S. H. N. WHEELER. J * %\\V .
Swamp-Root will do Just as much for *^s>^V\^KN^W 5i>
any housewife whose back Is too weak to **V^A'V t )i^^^yaj
perform her necessary -work. wb.p Is al- •+r*2t-** r
ways tired and overwrought, who feels MRS. H. N. "WHEELER.
Umu/ trt S7inH 'Out Jt used t0 be considered that only urinary
nUW IU rinu VUl am j bladder troubles were to be traced to the
If Vnn lyaAH kidneys, but now modern science proves that
¦ I I V»U iwccu nearly all diseases have their bejrinnlns In the
Qwamn.Pnnt disorder of these most important organs.
OWdmp-ftOOli The kidneys filter and purify the blood— that
is their work. So when your kidneys are weak or out of order you can under-
stand how quickly your entire body Is affected, and how every orsan seems to fail to
do its duty.
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin taking the famous new discovery, I>r. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, because as soon aa your kidneys are well they will help all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
Many women suffer untold misery because the nature of their disease Is not
correctly understood. They are led to believe that womb trouble or female weals-
ness of some sort Is responsible for the many Ills that beset womankind.
Neuralgia, nervousness, headache, puffy or dark circles under the eyes, rheuma-
tism, a dragging pain or dull ache in the back, weakness or bearing down sensa-
tion, profuse or scanty supply of urine, with strong odor, frequent desire to pass it
night or day, with scalding or burning sensation— these are all unmistakable srgns
of kidney and bladder trouble.
If there Is any doubt in your mind as to your condition, take from yoor urine on
rising about four ounces, place it in a glass or bottle and let It stand twenty-four
hours. If on examination it is milky or cloudy. If there Is a brickdust settling, or
if small particles float about In It, your kidneys are in need of immediate attention.
Other symptoms showing that you need Swamp-Root are sleeplessness, dizziness.
Irregular heart, breathlessness, sallow, unhealthy complexion, plenty of ambition,
but no strength. t
Swamp-Root Is pleasant to take and Is used rn the leading hospitals, recom-
mended by physicians In. their private practice, and Is taken by doctors themselves,
because they recognize in it the greatest and most successful remedy that science
has ever been able to compound. ,,„. ,_* \.
• If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need, yotx c*n pur-
chase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar bottles at the drug stores everywhere.
EDITORIAL NOTICE— Swamp-Root, the great Kidney, Liver and
Bladder remedy. Is bo remarkably successful that a special arrangement has been
made by \tfhich all of our readers who have not already tried It may have a sam-
ple bottle sent absolutely free by maiL Also a book telling all about kidney and
bladder troubles and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testi-
monial letters received from men and women cured by Swamp-Root. Be ture ar.d.
mention readinjr this generous offer In the San Francisco Sunday Call when send-
ing your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Blnehamton. N. Y.
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Great Kid-
ney Remedy, Will Do fop YOU, Every
Reader of The Call May Have a Sam-
ple Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Women as Well as>Hen Suffer and Ire Hade
Miserable by Eidney and Bladder Troubles.
DB. KUJSER'S . SW AMP-BOOT.
. ADVERTISEMENTS. , ¦• _ ¦ ¦--. . ¦ ..- ¦¦¦-".
RELY ON PE-RU-NA TO FIGHT
snarolds im children. >£8phirtilft|§lk 7pJMs jtsmn\
Use Pe-ru-na for La Grippe and (IIP ||!( I
In every eocntry of the rfvUlzed world fe^#l|*i feS^S^u , more W than three
the Bisters of the Good Shepherd are W^^t^^BS^^^>. months, and which
known. Not ¦ nly do they minister to tHe ?HM&M ®S^^^^ |^^^^^fv^^>^ left me with catarrh
epirttual and intellectual needs of the j£j*T#£ f^W^^^' jm& -S^^SSBm • friendsTdvlsed me
charges committed to their care, but they K~zS2J&S%fr, ;~~; —^-.^ .. .--• i^-iv. —¦==*» your won< j e r-
also minister to their bodily needs. =a^l £ T^^~^k ' - : ful medicine, Peruna. I began
TThenever coughs or cold?, la grippe or J^^Sal^KSf^p^^^; "-T^. with a bottle the first v/eek in
pneumonia make their appearance among i^^^^v*^ si§§t£^SF^^_ * :: ? March and it certainly did me
the children these Sisters are not dlscon- :^§§§§«^41IP^^?^^iF^" * a eat^fi al fl O !w°rnnrSprt
ccrtod. but know exactly the remedies to § SSti^hSito*™* ' followed
fl rply. ' /'/A ->"--*•* " " ~i your directions, which you fur-
©¦•¦¦?.¦•¦¦Ii-'.^m*!.!..'-!* T* M *. 1 ».r*ir*t 1 < ¦Tm'mTi.Tm!--?- t i t »T»T..*..»..T..t. l *.. t ..*. 1 *iiT..*.. t .i« ¦« «t»»t»»« » » t. a nlsh with every bottle, and I
am tQ 8a y that it llBS CUred me. I
| Columbus, 0., July 10th, 1900. J aj^f^^e^i^^ to
j. The Peruna Drug Mfg. Co Columbus, 0. | Mrs Jane Gift of HebbardsvIlle . o ..
4- Gentlemen— "A number of years ago our attention was ± 5**-^ l o £a*iS5i asVu"* had°not
* called to Dr. Hartman s Peruna, and since then we have used jr been for Pe ™|- S 1 X L ye ®, rs ag0 L^ !«
A . • -m iri i, r i .. •*• grippe very bad. ine doctor came 10
j. it with ivonderfuj results for grip, coughs, colds and caiarrhal ± r ™ *r%A h u^iS a i u SSyE? 1 i
•:- d/seases of the head and stomach. 4- -^ouid surely <aie if i did not get relief
| "For grip and wmter catarrh espeaal.y it has been of | |£g ; plcked up the n «|g
•!• great service to the inmates of this institution. — Sisters of * ind accidentally found a testimonial of
-r« j. r\ i cm i i *r a woman v.-ho had been cured of la
-~ the Good Shepherd. 4- STippe by Peruna. I told my husband
•>..... r •*• I wanted to try it. He went directly to
0 v-w-I-r-H'C'I-K-frX^I-X'I-I-M'frfr-H^-K^ the drug store and got a bottle of Peruna.
__, . , ,, . . , . ,_ I could see the improvement in a very
a .in so many children to take care of by each attack was confined to the bed. short time and was soon able to do my
and to protect from climate and disease In the winter of 1S9S I was attacked with work I continued using it until I was
¦these wise and prudent Bisters have la grippe. I had a terrible couch. I asked entirely cured.
found Peruna a never-failing safeguard, my wife to get me a bottle of Peruna, bui
There is no other disease so many-sided as the druggist did not have it she got »i have Induced a great many to try
In its ill effects, fo insidious in its ap- me Eomething else that was highly rec- the medicine and all have had the same
proach. eo tenacious In its r.old upon the ommended for la grippe, costing the same -esult I have used It In my family for
nysteu. as la grippe. Once there, it stay* as Peruna. I took that, but was not a.blo mv husband and children for colds And la
until it Is cure*. La. prippe is one of the to leave the bed. prippe. I would not be without it In the
:.l? that time will not cure. "I told my wife that if I did not get house. I really think it has added years
The after-effects of la grippe do not lo- Peruna soon that I would surelv be a to mv life and I feel I have no one to
eate in any particular , organ. It amounts - la grippe vie- thank but God and Dr. Hartman. If other
to a general Irritability of the mucous •*• a tin> as my sufferers are Induced to try this
sr.enibraiies of the whole body— a. flabbl- r _, i M , ¦ lungs felt as if wonderful medicine they will join me
nees and paJeness of the mucous mem- 1 knives were i n singing its praises."— Mrs. Jane
I rane. & metimes t!:en> is an over- Wz^''J&*1&2l. I Ftlcking i n rift
emouct of thin, watery mucu* secreted, them.
end fit other times there is a dryness of 2Wz3r fa "My wife ,,, „,,_ ,_., e u ..* — <#.. „* ?*,« .~
the mucous eurf aces. tllil •«***»? tS- went to town Mrs. Theophlle Schmltt. wife of the ex-
There is no remedy in the world that l^g^3 *v **?F *%& and got me a Secretary of the German consulate, writes
raeets the conditions produced by la filsa / _ ' ' fc/lg bottle of Peru- the following letter to Dr. Hartman In
jrrippe better than the remedy Peruna. W^ZL J*^L u£§J, ra, and I took regard to Peruna:
Teruna strengthens as it renovates. /-rfe^i it four days ac-
poothes while it stimulates, -eals as it c --%i?l<rv /tS^fr cording to the zil~ "Wabash Ave,, Chicago, 111.,
esrpurpates. £ "S^tl-O^t^Vk/?^ li directions on
Peruna Is not a purgative, or cathartic. the bottle. The The Peruna Medicine Co., Colum-
cr sedative, or Ftimulant. nor a vegetable S^'««W*V««efeJ tlfth day I took hl ,. « '•
or mineral poison. It reaches the source \'\m, '/ *vTC»>r3*< I an ax on m V
ft?&S3K l^e^Tmo^^rn 3 V: ' >SM^ ' fit! «-tlemen-^I Buffered this . winter
|£Z^win| are samples of the let- — • j gSp woSST " Jep1.SSlJ^Tear d °lf "th^^P^na
ters received by Dr. Hartman concern- "I had an- In such cases - l thought I would try it.
lr.g the cures Peruna Is making. other slight attack, but as I had Peruna , , f,,i¥v «m* Slran
Hon. F. Simmons, United States Mar- in the house It caused me but one trying 4- *r !""/' I T ( .S"
rhal. Mobile, Alabama, epeaks in high night. My wife wanted to send for the -^2r€^V K. 1 , h J S?tt?r
pra'.pe of the doctor, but I took small do?es of Peruna fe.-^t2i^'-V ;£„ =iif«^^ , i"
~. x. merits of Peru- %very half hour and Improved right /%i^v«^S> J .n^I^n™
/V***-_- na. He says: along."-Frank Bauer. /Ta(&$»5«k «? V«!!!Si C t ™l
*J*^xC?$* "After having Henry Distin. the inventor and maker L ?.' t ™«m, T^
/^^^^-^HA used Peruna for of all the band instruments for the Henry Jttk T^^SgSJ mUch Af lm :
tJ *£lL a Ehort UlI >' I Distin Manufacturing Co.. at Wlllams- /jF *%T§pa&3 ?«?„! Vhr P^nt
Vd V**^ find th at It is the port. Fa., is probably the most active old SA JVLP"t „!* «J?i^
v? '"» -*S^lv^r Tncst excellent man in Philadelphia to-day. He and his U 1/ ESSiSj J « „ « 5 ?>,« il
£*" »[j remedy for the wife recently celebrated the fiftieth an- F %3£J L 0 , " n V^Y 16 ,,,*
ff grip ar.d catarrh r.iverf ary of their marriaere, at their home L.V*' JsfV fwSF^Ji v..,Z
i y ever prepared. I on South Kinth street. Mr. Distin comes X^,,**^^. * P .P e t 1 „ « , « !i
JX /' can heartily rec- from one of the most famous musical fain. <^S|S3^%S**l£>Sf JrL - i ? ». -J«i
yO, ommend it to ilies of the old world, his father and ,-&&&¥z&S$3%?ai&F «,1«k »«,??«- t
-y^\t^ any one." - F. grandfather before him, as well as him- ?JUJl*i «;$?», I
/ J3*$ Simmons. eeif. having played at almost all the royal J&§g&g0f am satisfied that
«-^?K-T Mr. Frank courts of England and the continent. _ " _ . .„ h*!",?, 3 - 1s
*piikW$ Bauer, of >fin- Mr. Distin writes concerning Peruna, I Mrs. Theo. Schmltt. derful family
-• -> j¥^ nelska, Minne- the world-famous catarrh . cure, as fol- * T" 1 * p??h1v «.n<W««
. H ° n - F - S! — | ?£V n sa a ys r : eCCnt l0WS: 1441 Bouth Ninth Street, "/^ TheOphUe Schmi "
"I cannot say Philadelphia, Pa., May 6, 1S99.
anything else Dr. B. B. Hartman: Address the Peruna Medicine Co., ot
tiut irood of your medicines. F*or seven Dear Sir — "I write to Inform you that I Columbus, Ohio, for a book treating on
¦w-lnters I had suffered with la grippe, and had a bad attack of la grippe last Decem- catarrh.
31 (ROCKERS If
| POR CHRISMS 3
f PRESENTS 1
jy 215-217-219 BUSH 61. . 225-227 POST 61.
Traveling Dressing Cases Traveling Bags Dress Suit Cases
Vienna Novelties High Grade Umbrellas Calendars
Fine Correspondence Papers Large Line of Novelties In Leather
"* OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHHlSTMASSAN DIEGO.. Dec. 22.— The formal sale of all
properties belonging to the San Diego Water
Company and San Diego Flume . Company, as
directed by the Circuit Court of the United
States of Southern California, under foreclos
ure proceedings, was made this morning at auc
tion by Cassius Carter, Alaster in : Chancery.
The properties were bought in by M. C. Helion
and J. C. Packard, as trustees, for- $150,000.
The object of the sale was to vest perfect title
with the bondholders so that a clear title could
be given to the city in the event 0/ the pur
chase of the San Diego Water Company's sys
tem. •--•¦.; ,"¦,.. .«,¦¦ ;. ¦• V-'; ..-.¦¦ - :
SAN ANDREAS. Dec. 2!.— In the contest for
Supervisor in District; No. 1 of this county,
for which offlce J. W. Roberts was given a
certificate and declared elected by the Board
of Supervisors, Superior Judge Gottschalk to
day declared J.- Balcldo, the Democratic con
testant, elected by a majority of two votes..
SAN JOSE, ' Dec. 22.— Both the Grange and
the Farmers* Club to-day expressed the senti
ment that the management of the California
Cured Fruit Association has been. Judicious,
that prices should not be reduced. . that, the
organization is on solid ground and that the
outcome will b« satisfactory. -. . ..-, '•
WOODLAND, Dec 22.— Leo Solomon of Sac
ramento was acquitted of the charge of as
sault and robbery in the Superior Court yes
terday. Nearly all the county officials of
Sacramento County were her© and . testified to
the good character of Solomon. . ;
PHOENIX. Arizona, Dec. 23.— T. H. Gage,
employed as a foreman ln railroad construction
work at Antmellis Camp, south of Clifton, was
burled under several tons of rock and Instantly
killed yesterday as a, result of the premature
explosion of a blast.
SAN DrEGO. Dec. 22.— The Grand Jury im
paneled for this county last Tuesday made
its final report to the Superior Court this morn
ing and was discharged. No true bills were
found. The session was tho shortest ln the
history of this county.
SPOKANE. Dec. 22.— At a meeting: presided
over by Mayor J. M. Cometock last night and
attended by thirty business and mining men,
it was decided to' hold an exposition ln Spo
kane from June to November, 1902.
PHOENIX, Arizona, Dee. 22.— While riding
after cattle on- his father's ranch near Ollf
ton, John Philips, the 14-year-old son of James
Philips, fell from his horse and was dragged
to death. •
COAST BREVITIES.
CAXITORNIANS UT NEW -YORK.
NEW YORK. Dec. 22.— The following
Callfornians are In New Tork: J. Free
man, at the Grand Unlonr P. H. Hunter,
at the Grand: the. Misses Lewis, at the
Victoria; G. E. Morse, at the Manhattan;
E. S.-Rosenthal, at the Netherland; M. H.
Starr, at the Grand; J. Baxter, at the
Metropolitan; E. L. Braytbn. afthe Impe
rial, and P. J. Wedeny,.at the Hoffman
all from San Francisco.
The other great case this week, the ar
rest of mortgage bankers, attracts an im
mense amount of attention. The press Is
pointing out the resemblance to the Stern
burg affair, since wealthy bankers, moving
in the highest society, have carried on
fraudulent practices for years. The chief
offender, Sanden, made pretense of -the
greatest piety. lie had a private chapel
in a luxurious villa at Potsdam. His home
was the center of the highest militarj
and aristocratic society. He was Pots
dam's wealthiest citizen, paying 50,000
marks yearly in taxes. It has been shown
that Sandep's business practices were
most questionable. He would compel bor
rowers with the bank to buy one of his
Jots at a fancy price. The losses will fall
heavily on small investors. The fall in
the shares obligation of the two banks al
ready represents about 175,000.000 marks.
It Is considered certain t that" the arrested
directors will get long terms of imprison
ment for falsifying: the balance sheets.
criminal police, which did not yield fruit
In 1897 in connection with the Van Tauech
case, has now grown Imperative. It Is
authentically reported that the authori
ties are preparing- a measure for reform.
EEELIN. Doc 22. — Public attention -was
occupied tcbolly this week "with crimes in.
high places. The sentence Imposed on
Sternburg-, the millionaire banker, of two
and a half years' imprisonment and five
gears' deprivation of civil rights for
crimes against morality, satisfies the pub
lic conscience and It well merited retribu
.. . v
lion.
Stemburff rapidly acquired a fortune
estimated at 1S,000,000 marks by shady
net hods and maintained social relations
vith fcijjh officials and military men for
joars, wholly disguising his roost loath
6ome crimes in the lowest Berlin life. H»
was related by marriage to high officers,
cr.d was a free giver for charitable pur
poses. It was said in his defense before
the court that lie had made a will, leaving
to the Prussian Government the bulk of
liis fortune to establish an institution for
Insuring laborers against loss of work.
The Sternburg: case Is working wide
spread ruin among others. The death of
Von Merscheidt Huelle^scm, the suspended,
chief of the criminal department, an
nounced at the same hour as Stcrnburg's
sentence, had a peculiarly tragical effect.
Tlie public instantly assumed that he had
committed *ulcid*»-, but the physician cer
tified that he died of apoplexy. Von Mer*
Scheldt established a reputation by intro
ducing the Berlin anthropometrie system
In Germany. The case of SterntnirB will
continue lor.g to .occupy the public mind.
It Is expected Sternburg will eppcal again
lo a higher court. Furthermore, numer
ous prosecutions of persons connected
with the Sternburgr case axe pending- A
r.umber of witnesses will be tried for per
jury, and three lawyers are under inves
tigation for unprofessional conduct or col
lusion to circumvent Justice.
The public demand for reform of the
Conviction of Millionaire Banker Sternberg Still
Occasions Much Comment.
MANY CRIMES
IN HIGH PLACES
Americans -Not Affected.
HAVANA, ; Dec. 22.— No case of yellow
fever among Americans has been reported
for several days,' and there are in the Las
Animas Hospital only ten persons, all
Spaniards, Buffering from, the disease.
May Be Charged With Kidnaping.
STOCKTON, Dec. 22— Get Gam, the Chi
nese woman arrested here yesterday on a
grand larceny charge,' was j to-day re
tumedfrom San Jose, where her husband
and an attorney bailed her' out. She Is
Baid to have been sick in. bed on Decem
ber 10, the day of the alleged offense. Per
,sons ' instrumental ; in her arrest may be
proceeded against for attempted kidnap
ing. . ¦ '
Diamond Merchant Arrested.
CHICAGO, r>ee. 22.— John M. Bredt. a
diamond merchant, and Mrs. Bertha Frei
tag were arrested and taken before Jus
tice of the Peace : Prindevllle to-day,
charged with' being Involved, 'in an exten
sive diamond swindle. : If is asserted that
scores of persons were victimized.
Believed to Be That of John W. Wal
' lingford; Hailing From Al
buquerque.
CAHTO, Dec. '22.— The body of a man
was found floating in the harbor near
Cleono yesterday by James Ryan of Usal.
It is believed the dead man was John W.
Wallingford , of Albuquerque, New Mex
ico. The body had teen in the water only
a few hours. The man was well dressed
and appeared to be -between forty and
forty-five years of '.age.- The face was
clean shaved, except .lor a mustache. On
the Inside pocket of :he coat was a.pockr
etbook in^ which * was written the name
"John W. Wallingford," and the address,
"712Vi Railroad avenue, Albuquerque. New
Mexico." On the person of the dead man
was also a visiting" certificate from a
lodge of Odd Fellows at Folsom. New
Mexico, and a bill of fare of the steamer
City of Paris, plying between New York
and Liverpool. . i ¦ .
The Coroner took charge of the: body.
The inquest will not be held until word
is received from Folsom. How Walling
ford met death- in the harbor is not
known. He was a stranger here. : The
body bears no evidence of foul play and
the fact that there were only a few cents
in change in the pockets leads many to
believe that becoming stranded' far from
home Wallingford In a fit- of despondency
ended'hls life.
EUREKA, Dec. 22.— Captain Harry
Smith, overseer of the Humboldt beacons,
found the body of a man floating near the
life saving station this afternoon. The
remains were badly decomposed, but arc
thought to be those of Charles Grundlen,
who . was drowned by tho capsizing of a
rowboat near Samoa two months ago. ¦
BODY FOUND FLOATING
IN HABBOR, AT CLEONE
Dctnlln .the TrnnMnctlons ' of HU
Office for the Pant Two Fiscal
Yearn.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 22.— Controller E.
P. Colgan to-day transmitted to Governor
Gage "hia biennial report, showing the
transactions of his department for the
fiftieth and fifty-first fiscal years ending
June SO, 1899, and June 30, 1900. respective
ly. The report shows that on June 30,
1SS9, there was in the State treasury to
the credit of the several funds the sum
of $3,422,273 03. and on June 30, 1900, $5,020.
¦475 29. On the same dates the aggregates
of outstanding warrants were 5210,032 58
.and . $173,633 .11. The increase of cash at
the. close of the fifty-first fiscal year as
against the fiftieth fiscal -year was $1,538.
202 26.' The .excess of receipts over expen
ditures, excluding transfers for the two
fiscal years, is shown to bo $925,043 84. ..
The Controller- notes that at hia In
stance and upon his former recommenda
tion the last Legislature passed a law re
quiring all institutions to pay monthly
into the State treasury all moneys collect
ed by them. The moneys are now dis
bursed on warrants drawn by him. ¦ .
The Controller gives it a3 his belief that
Congress should assist In river improve
ment and should compensate the State
for the $300,000 spent in the Improvement
of the Sacramento and San Joaquln riv
ers.
The Controller also points out that now
while Congress is overwhelmingly Repub
lican and the State administration Is
Republican, an effort should be made to
secure the payment of the claim of the
State of California against the Federal
Government for expenses Incurred during
the war of the rebellion, amounting to $3,.
P51.915 42, and known* as the "California
Rebellion "War Claim."
COXTHOLLER COLGAX
SUBMITS HIS RKPORT
to-night that a secret committee meeting
was held in this city to-day, at which
plans were perfected to "hold a monster
religious revival to usher in the twentieth
century. ¦ •/ ¦ .¦*
Thi3 revival Is to be the fruition of the
plan evolved by the late D wight • L.
Moody, which hfa friends took up ; and
have enlisted in its support the moat
prominent Christian workers in the coun
try. It is to be national in scope, with
New York as the center. It Is to be ab
solutely undenominational in "character.
The leaders include a majority of the
leading evangelical clergymen of Greater
New York, besides William R.',~ Moody,
son of the deceased evangelist; John Wil
lia Baer of Boston, secretary of the Unit
ed Society of Christian Endeavor; ¦ John
R. Mott, of the International Y. M. C. A. :
General O» O. Howard, of New York, and
General J. J. Estey, Brattleboro, Vt
Work Bes~an hy Lnte D. L. Moody
Being Carried On by
Others.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.— It was announced
I RELIGIOUS REVIVAL
TO USHER IN CEXTURY
• •_ ¦ • ; Jnan.-
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Dec." 22!— ~Dr. A.
D. Williams, assistant 'surgeon of the
United States army, has arrived- from
' Porto"'' Rico," where he "was detailed to
make a report on the 'condition of the
people aB observed by him on a march
with scftdiers across the island. That,re
port was mad© to the adjutant general.
Department of Porto Rico, San Juan. m A
copy of the report wa«» given out to-night
by Dr. Williams.
"At Los Marios," the report says, "we
began to see the vanguard of misery. In
that small, squalid town there is no med
ical man. Many wer« sick. A Mr. Ton
cuand, the American school teacher there,
told me that many, of the. people, not only
of the surrounding country but of tho
town, were in great distress^ I - asked him
the cause of so much sickness and so
many deaths. He answered without hesi
tation: 'For want of food.' "
The report continues: "At Adjuntas th.3
conditions were appalling; - men, women
and children, swollen, bloated, diseased
and emaciated, whose pinched and hag
gard features appeared weighted with the
sorrows of years. When I asked the city
physician of Adjuntas the cause of such
a large death rate — fifty-two deaths and
four births the week immediately preced
ing our visit there^-he replied: 'The death
rate is about the same every week. The
prime cause, chronic starvation.' "
Dr. William* ln this report declares that
with fourteen patients in the hospital at
this place and three nurses the municipal
authorities allow the steward to draw
only a dollar a day in municipal stamps
for the subsistence and care of the pa
tients, and with that the steward can
realize only 50 cents with his Btamps and
with that amount daily he has to sup
ply the scanty hospital food.
Dr. WilltnniB Files Hln Report With
the Adjntant General at San
ponTo iticAxs areJ
DYING OF STARVATION
PHOENIX. Arizona. Dec. 22.— J. S. Hopkins,
of SafTord. while running a sawmill at the
San Mogaletrt mine. Just across the Mexican
line, was cut to pieces by a circular saw two
days ago. He stooped over to pull a splinter
from a log lie was sawing, when his clothing
was caught by the saw and he was jerked
Into it.
MIAMI, Fla.. Dec. 22.— Senator Hanna
and family v.ill arrive in Mlnml to-mor
row night on a special train. The holidays
will be spent in Miami, West Palm Beach
and the other points of interest in South- '•
trn Florida.
Hanna to Visit Florida.
LIMA, Ohio, Dec. 22.-Willlam Reddick.
of Findley, president of tho Producers'
Kxplosive Company, was blown to atoms
this afternoon by an explosion of nltro
glyccrln ln the magazine at the com
pany's factory near here. The explosion
shattered hundreds of window panes in
the city. The factory was closed yester
day for the holidays, and Mr. Reddick
had gone out to put a padlock on a door.
Killed by an Explosion.
JLAKEVIEW. Or.. Dec 22.— The Lake-
View and Paisley stage was held up be
yond the Odd Fellows' Cemetery last
night by a lone highwayman, who de
manded the letter mall sacks. After
throwing off the pouches the driver
whipped up his horses and within ten
minutes after the hold-up Sheriff Dunlap
and Marshal Wharton were at the scene.
The sacks were found cut open and all
the letters gone. Owing to the darkness
the Jobber could not be tracked, and at
this hour the extent of his haul is not
known, but it is probable he received
nothing for his night's work.
Eleven days ago the Lakeview and Ager
stage was held up two miles from the
town and the mall rifled. The general
opinion is that the highwayman lives in
Lakeview.
LONE BANDIT ROBS
THE LAKEVIEW STAGE
Antl-lmporialists thinK It is a warning
against the administration's Philppine
policy. The occupants of the White House
are not superstitious and every one of
them is enjoying excellent health. Presi
dent McKinley has occupied more time
during the last two or three days assist
ing Mrs. McKinley in marking and for
warding Christmas presents than he has
given to public questions.
WASHINGTON, I>ec. 22.— Believers in
signs and omens -can be seen every day
at about 11 o'clock on the White House
portico intently examining one of tht?
eastern pillars.'* They have been told that
ut that hour when the sun Is shining a
shadow can be seen there ln the shape of
a hand with a stubby forefinger raised in
an attitude of warning.- It requires a
vivid imagination to figure out this hand,
but the superstitious- avow they have
seerf it and they associate it with an
alleged figure of a bent and aged woman,
who they say, fell before the portico be
fore the death of the President's mother.
and Curious Visitors,
ed Daily With Superstitious
Portico of Executive. Mansion Crowd-
SHADOWY FINGEB ON
WHITE HOUSE PELLAIl
- Last , Christmas society almost went
crazy over plum puddings and chocolate
hampers sent to the soldiers on the veldt.
This year they are not mentioned. In
fact, the public is unutterably weary of
the long drawn out struggle, ¦whose only
interesting features are the Bensational
successes of Dewet. This in no way'af
fects the Government, whose determin
ation to fight it out to the bitter end Is
evident from its decision to reinforce the
already huge army in South Africa. Sev
eral members of the Cabinet, however,
would be heartily grateful to the Boer
leaders to suffer peace.
The Evening Standard says it hears a
report has reached London that Klmber
ley is seriously threatened by the Boers.
None of the leading South African firms
interested in Klmberley has received In
formation tending to confirm the report.
"It" would be unworthy of the British
name." Bays the Times; "to refuse credit
that la due to a feat of arms bo brilliant
as the unexpected .dash backward of
Dewet and his. men through the British
lines." ' '• ,. ' -m • . -. ¦¦
Other rajjora take the . same view, com
paring the ride to Sprlnghaas Nek with
the charge at Balaklava. In fact, admir
ation for -the extraordinary daring dis
played by the Boers on this occasion al
most predominates over the chagrin .. at
the failure of the British officers to cope
with their j enemies. .There, is springing
up a philosophic indifference' to the in
capability of generals ln South Africa.
Reverses have, become expected.
j LONDON, ' Dec. 22.— General , Dewet
would be by far the' most acceptable
Christmas box to the average Briton.
Though ". there seems to be little likeli
hood of this wish being granted the de
sire for the suppresslou of this wonder
ful Boer leader, however, is accompanied
by generous admiration of his latest feat.
Certain Cabinet Members Would Be
. Grateful if Boer Leaders Would
Consent to Terms of ;
Peace.
Britons Compare the Daring
Dash With the Charga i
at Balaklava. -
ADMIRE BRAVERY
OF GENERAL DEWET
' More the question of the day is Amer
ica's commercial rivalry, which; through
out the week has been forming the basis
for long analytical articles* in the Dally
Express and ' the. Dally Mall, written by
engineering, and other experts, which de
tail the results of recent trips to the
United States under the headlines. "Wake
Up, England." "We Are Falling Behind."
etc., reiterating that the English manu
facturers' Initiative is absorbed in com
mercialism, which is summed up ln the
following paragraph in one article:
"If the foregoing facts are unpalatable
it is better they should be known than
that the nation should dream on until the
next cycle of bad trade, when we find
our markets ln the possession of others."
The announcement that The Nether
lands does not consider Itself bound by
the Paris Venezuela commission's decision
on the Anglo-Dutch frontier is not re
garded by the Foreign Office as forming
the basis of international friction. The
boundary is a comparatively minor mat
ter on which the Colonial Office has been
engaged for some -time. The Netherlands
question is regarded as a step to ward
off a contingency which, however, Great
Britain has never contemplated.
LONDON. Dec. 22.— The Nicaragua canal
still fails to arouse any really, deep in
terest here, as it is thoroughly understood
that Great Britain will take action ln the
near future and the Chinese negotiations
are regarded more in the light of a mo
notonous farce' than a serious : problem,
thanks r .to the absurd misunderstandings
which have arisen between' the powers.
The only quarter In London where the
performance is thoroughly, enjoyed is at
the Chinese legation, at which Sir Chih
Chen X*> Feng La, the Minister 'of China.
xa*urninff seoludedly for his brother, is
reported to be in a state of j perpetual
chuckle over the atUtude of Christendom.
Nicaragua Canal Still Fails to Arouse
r ,_Any, Interest in London, but
England May Soon Take
Writers Call Attention to
American Industrial
Competition.
URGE ENGLAND
TO "WAKE UP"
To-night the docks are quiet. It is said
that the agitators have decided not to'
make any manifestation to-morrow, de
siring to respect the entrance into the city
of Prince and Princess Albert of Bel
gium. The Burgomaster has taken pre
cautions to prevent an outbreak.
This afternoon an attempt was made to
resume operations at the Cockrell wharf,
and 2000 strikers attempted to prevent tho
resumption. The. strikers were dispersed
by the police with drawn sabers, and un
der police protection work was begun by
the foreign hands. Later the strikers
menaced the men who were working upon
the steamer Maze and threatened them
•with death. The workilien ¦were put to
flight. The. most serious outbreak of the
day occurred at the Cockrell wharf, where
the strikers assembled and were chased
away by the police with drawn sabers.
The officers used their revolvers also, and
it is stated that thirty men were wounded,
and the riotor§ were dispersed upon the
arrival of the police reinforcements.
ANTWERP. Deo. 22.— The striking dock
men became more defiant to-day and their
attitude resulted in several conflicts with
the police, one of which was serious.
Early in tho morning groups of strikers
interfered with the men who wer^comlng
from the provinces to take theiff. places
and ln several Instances the new men
were maltreated. ¦.-.* : :
Death.
Men Brought From the Provinces
and Put to Work" Are
Threatened With. *
Antwerp Police Attack
Rioters With Drawn
Sabers.
MANY STRIKERS
ARE WOUNDED
BY CABLE TO THE CALL.
NEWS FROM EUROPEAN CAPITALS
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBEE 23, 190O.
' Tou can buy - to-morrow $3 BO la dies'
dress shoes for $1 65. ..This Is by. all means
the best : offer ever made." Just think—
stylish shoes, well made of good material;
no "phoe store can afford to sell them for
lees " than $3 50, for 11 66 . a pair.- at the
bankrupt shoe sale, of .the California, 1503
Market street, near City, Hall avenue. •
At ¦ the Bankrupt : Shoe Sale.
- In some . respects - New , Zealand is the
most advanced of any British colony. • It3
climate Is absolutely perfect, Its popula
tion . hardy and ; devoted to the land of
their adoption, and its resources are most
fruitful and* already /highly developed
The .workingman is suuieme there an<l
it Is the boast; of the Islands they do not
contain a millionaire. To New Zealand be
longs the credit for, having. . established
franchise for . Its women and - pensions for
Its old people, and It has shown a general
capacity for managing its own affairs far
In advance of any community of , Its , age.
The Maoris are .- decreasing in numbers
and although they, have mads an effort
to adopt ; civilization * It ' is ; not suited .( to
their . temperament.— Newcastle Chronicle.
A Unique Colony.
16
pacif;ic coast department
423 CALIFORNIA STREET. '
ALFRED R. GRIM. Asslstmt Manager. • CESAR BERTHEAD Yasass
GUSMESSINGER and MAKTIN RASCHEN, Sail Fmto/City mS
Telephone Main 272. * '"" t "* mm
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
Disease makes many a woman prema-
turely old. Dark-rimmed eyes, hollow
i cheeks arid wasted form are accompan-
i ied by listlessness and loss of ambition.
Home duties are a weariness, and social
pleasures have no attraction.
One of the commonest expressions of
Jv^lKKgjv StVOTI women cured bv
¦•: WMMm$M X Docto r Pierce's
SB^^SS&^SbW ¦ Favorite Prescrip-
tion is this: "It
'gjff a3 nia^ e a new
'3 * rm ~\&*& woman of tne."
8r S^jk 1 0§>. \ S ( There's a world
I £49? \ Cjij of meaning in the
% yjji) M words. It means
Lja *^*^ y*f brought . back to
[If J i I the eyes; the com-
[]]>' m^j I plexion tinted
- s» I with the rosy hue
of healthy blood;
¦¦¦ ¦ the form rounded
•OaBaaatl 1 ! ,, immiuj out anew 1U
graceful curves; the> whole body radiant
with health. ;
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription
makes weak ; women strong and sick
women well. It dries debilitating
drains, heals inflammation and ulcera-
tion 'and cures female' weakness. I It
makes new. women of those prematurely
aged by disease.
"Dr. Pierce's medicines are thie best I have
erer used," writes Mrs. C Nelson, of ChemaTra,
Marion Co., Oregon. « My health was badly
run down when I consulted him by letter. My
limbs were cold and my head hurt me continu-
ally. "¦¦' I was so _ nervous that the least thinjr
would startle me almost into convulsions. I had
palpitation of- the heart - bo bad that I could
scarcely walk sometimes. I felt utterly discour-
aged, but two bottles of ' Dr. Pierce's ¦ Favorite
-Prescription and 'one of.' Golden Medical Dis-
covery' made a new woman out of me."
- Dr. Pierce's ; Common Sense Medical
.Adviser is sent free on ' receipt of stamps
to pay^ expense of mailing only. Send
ai one-cent stamps for, the Dook in paper
Covers, or '31 stamps for.it In cloth . mnd-
"i ing. 'Address Dr. Rl W. v Pierce, No. 663
I Main Street; Buflfclo; N. Y. ' v
k>aafeBBi«teiatt^sa^aas»1^8«M^AMjAa»SBss»lasa»^aB»ssssM
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE?
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
£%£ OF THE
AACHEN AND MUNICH
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ArX-LA-CHAPELLE. Germany, on the
Slst flay of December. A. D. W93, and for
the year endlnr on that day, as mad* to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provision* of sections
€10 and Kll of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnUhed by the Commissioner.
Cash- Market value of all Stocks and
.Bond* oT-ned by Company J7».»57 60
Ca*h in Company's Office l« «
Cash in Banks »."2 M
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans S» 00
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 84.886 Zi
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 1.150 81
Total Assets J315.W3 Tt
LIABILITIES.
! LoMe* adjusted and unpaid .' J7.IH ft
Losses In process of Adjustment or In
Surprrne •— <M3» 92
Loeses resisted, lnclurtlnff expense* 5.175 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks ran-
nlnir one year or less, $405,875 4«; re-
insurance W per cent '. 203.917 7J
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- •
r.Inc more than one year. {191.344 09;
reinsurance pro rata 109.883 84
Due and accrued for salaries, rent, etc 11« S3
All other demands against the com-
pany a.i9oa
¦ -
Total Liabilities S391.5S4 44
=====
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums S4S1.006 81
Received tor Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources 25.SS7 «J
Received from'all other sources sea 73
Total Income .1307.13 II
EXPENDITURES.
N#t amount paid for Fire losses (in-
cluding 126,738 51. losses of previous
yea--«> • I3a.n»» #
Paid or allowed for Commission or •>
Brokerage 38.770 n
raid for Salaries. Fees and other
. charges for officers, clerks", etc €2.474 13
Paid for State. National . and Local
taxes 1J.2M 83
All other payments and expenditures.. 13,097 S9
Total Expenditures .tS33,Bl"7:
Looses Incurred durlnjr th« year.. ......1313,773 155
. Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net " amount of risks . -
written durin: the
year J4S.4K.48O |61S,432 93
Net amount of ii*ks
expired durins the
'T**r 4:.1C,273 640,433 73
Net amount- in force
December 31. It99.... 46.413, 639 597.H3 U
SAML. R. WEED, of Weed & Kennedy.
_ . ' . . - M ' U. S. Mana«era.
Subscribed and svern to before me this I7th
day of January. 1900. »
: F. FISHBECK. Notary Public.
STATEMENT
¦- ... - - t ¦'-.
or the
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
HANOVER
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
f|F NEW TOHK, H* THE STATE OT NEW
v - r Tork. on the list day of December. A. D.
1539. and for th« year ending on tbat day. a*
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th«
State of California, pursuant to the proTlstors
of sections (10 and «U of the Political Code
condensed as per blank furnished by the. Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, oald up In
c** 0 -.n.ooo.o» »
ASSETS. =====
Real Estate owned by Company JC0W*. m
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages JiCO CO
Caj.h Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company SjZT.Stt no
Cash in Company's Offlce M ft ki
Cash in Banks wiwl J7
Interest duo and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans I8.2O CO
Interest doe and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages |q jg
Premiums in due Course of Collection tX3, Ui <u
Due from other Companies for Ra>
Iceurance on louses already paid... 12.483 (J
Total Asseu .cos;. 479 as
LIABILITIES. ~~~~ "
Los«*« adjusted and unpaid $18t.C8 Si
L«>s;es tn process of Adjustment or
la Suspense 75.2SS Jj
Losses resisted. Including expense*.. U SX3 tS
Gross premiums on Fire Rtaks run-
ning one year or leu, $1,04.096 u ;
reinsurance 50 per cent S47 (M3 19
Gross premiums on Fire Risks no-
rinjr more than one year. }l.!9t.-
T3S 8S; relnsuranc* pro rata <fti.i2* r>
Reinsurance premiums 1^273 33
Total Liabilities »1.433.«» 17
INCOME. ——————
Net cash actnalty ree«tTed for Fir*
premiums ....XI 439 549 17
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages *«, 3
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Leans and frwa
all other sources M ,,. .,
Received for Rents "* n*i"> ;i
Received from all other soarce*....^ f^^ JJ
Total Income .laLCisiiFTi
EXPENTJTTtTRES. ~
JCet amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding UT8.401 si, losses of previous
years) m 934 —
Dividends to Stockholders lOO-OM M
Paid or sUowed for Commission or
Brokerage .;: m «u »
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
cbarses for of fleer*, clerks, etc.. U3.14.* 0
Paid for State. National and Local a "
All other paymenta and expenditure* liaCon M
Total Expenditures .0.794.470 ?•
Los»e« Inemred dnrlng the year K.1MU31 07
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. PremtumaT
Net amount of Risks ~
written during the
N^ai'ounr-of-Riska t30 ' U3 K**.™ TJ
% expired durtus; the
N^amounVYn-foV^ 1M - W1 ' M2 1 ' m - 3W a
December XL im gH.879.S33 ;.:83.833 Vt
Ij_RJEM3EN LANE. President.
/ JOS. McCORD; Notary Public.
Broken
Eyeglass
Lenses replacad for SO cents.
Any Astigmatic lenses duplicated for $1.OO
and #1 -lo.
Guaranteed correct and best Quality.
Oculists' prescriptions' filled. Factory <n
premises. Quick repalrlns. Phoae, Mila la,
OPHCIANS^ aT jG&P M ' CAmRAT W.
64Z Market 5t. instructs
u*oe» CHROMtCLt Buaoixc. CaTAIOCUC FkI.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
18 A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Sp«dal
Tonic far the Sexual Organs, for both sexea.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
:;abek. alfs a biiune. Assnta.
ta Market St.. S. B\— <Send for Circulars.)
TO THE PUBLIC!
ESAN FRANCISCO. Oct.
C 1900. — To whom tt bit
concern: This is to eertlfy
that DR. WONG HIM of
115-117 Maaon »tre«t. San
Francisco, baa cured me
of kidney trouble ana
rheumatism and " I am
happy to make this state-
ment, as I fled the Doctor
strictly honett In ev«ry
cense of th« word and aa
bonorable roan In all his
dealings. DR. C. A. OAT. Dentlat. 903 Second
ave., Seattle. Wash.
i>T-MnT v June 23 1899. — I take this maaas «f
«SS2lS mT'than"- ""SclTS^fo™ biJS
117 Mason Etre«-t, San Francisco, for havinj
cured me of. Wdney. womb trouble and cancer
of the stomach. 1 was a treat Bufferer for IS
years and found no permanent relief «atl» ]
S^arcu r L° n ro e U1^n a y fp^n l %SS?nr=i lX ?o
certify this can tod m«. g GE0RQB BETZ
Pinole. Contra Coata County. Cal.
S. F.. December 4. 1S99— Dr. "Wont; Him, U5-
ta Maion St.. S. K.. Cal.— Dear Sir: For the
benefit of others I wish to make a statement of
my case, which was heart trouble. After treat-
ins with six eminent physicians my csj« wa»
pronounced Incurable. Hearing of Dr. Wong
Him. and his wonderful cures. I decided to try
his herb treatment. He did all ha claimed, and
after treating; six months I am now well and
stronjr. Tours, respectfully.
MRS. BARLOW. 1027 Mission St.. B. F.
A NEWSPAPER INTERVIEW The Letter of the Amen*
ma mT^t '£fck can Plasmon Syndicate
Mark Twain t0 Marlc T £ aw .
and Sabseqneat Correspondenct -"7
From ih$ jfo American Plasmon S/ndlcatas
Hartford. Conn.. Limited,
Courant - ;>' •; 39-41 A star Court Saffdfngs.
v^Tls-Vsutirlse to see you looklnTl^ 18-20 Wut 341b Strut
/Vouthfully fresh and robust." said the c H. COOK. M. IX
reporter. "It was reported, last year. Mana*«r-
that you were a shadow " IfETW TORK. Oct. 30. t30*>
"It wob true," said Mr. Clemens, Tmt s. L. Cienwna, Esq.,
I am In sound health, now. I hadan The Eartlncton.
eight yean.' persistent dispute with Kth St E«t B-wtyA «i Xw^
<lysp*psla but got rid of It last Jaauarr g, r . * >ew "**
by adding Plasmon to my other food, We note interview had with yen br
and have had no return Of It since. PlM- the "Hartford Courant." for October »th.
mon Is a food.' It Is' pore albtunln and de^r* to ask you If yoa w«Mttkj
" l " 1 * '-,*„* nv mnA wa« dlacor- th« trouble to Inform us as to ««l«r ef
extracted from ml«. ana wm °"C°T . no t the paragraph m which yoa .pealc ln
ered by Si'bold. the chemist, in Vienna^ guch hIgh terma of pia 3 mr-n la correct aa
when I was there two or three years published? We shall be obliged to yoa ic
aco ' I did not eat It for Indigestion. you will let us know, at your convenience,
but for nourishment, and becaw* U m^mrt thi.
was cheap. In Europe the dyspeptlca artlcl . lB correct, to know that you hav»
are aware, now, tbat it cures wltnout derived the benefits mentioned from Flaa-
the help of medicine, and bo do the phy- mon. , .
slcians but they did not know it tn«aL Tru«tin* that you- will tinA it ««¦«"!«£
The "iheeV TnS the other -"«""?££ ?.£ ta ™* "*"" * "".
nals Informed them. T ordered It from * * y - our! , faltMuI i y ,
the druggist here. In Europ*. from tne TEJ , 1XERIOAS plaMOS 5THDI0 iR,
grocer or the baker tialtid.
"But t»l m" •»«!«•*. I* tn« a H COOK M n _
"> O«aBr«l Xasssts.
Mar% Twain's reply to The American Plasmon
Syndicate
For sale by druggists, or at office The Amcrlcan-Plasmoa
Syndicate, Ltd., 204 Crocker Building, San Francisco.
® ?~- : y. •/'-'¦ '-.Y-. > ' ¦ ¦ o
o — -jL, lB^ii >^ J -— -^ c d an<1 wh ° jind s 5
a *^»<r ¦ ¦.: - fiaFS*' SSfiat^ ~ v ~-\. ' himself, while still 2
a x^ ' " l-»agar / *%&&*{ young in years, a ©
O ( «JCSS&£3&*'Lifc»' /^Tttsrv,- — — r h ™* e ? d(>wn wreck ©
0 vfiL ¦ \ v w* f ""*"" \A&& t0 e ' Dr. Me- o
O \§&_ » \ V- I / I>auehlin Electric #1
• t^=- - V ' T5i" I ,-«^^Sy ' Belt la full of en- 2?
O ¦ r* — *M 'AS f jASS^sT couragement. It is S
Q L\^> V i>>-&&£z$r the * ucc ™» of the g
X V^'^ii \ * ---!&%?&' n^ e ln elevating tho O
Jf • 1 ' i^KlSidr^ condition of men ©
\ \ V 1 ¦ i&Ss&T- suffering from a O
0 O^fi&ttT \.\ tf I-''- loss of vitality. a
O •<^ i M v v \vV /<•/ 'A,>\MS"^ Dr. McLaughlin'a X
O !\\ j • // • -;\$£~zZ^Z Electric Belt is •
O r M*S^J*yif//4y. izv jg ZZ-^- worn - while - you •
n fc^^^ll^y^^ZC^^r • ~ Blee P- Por 61x ¦ or ¦ •
2 l&lJ^?T*^«fi$r-* ei . s^ our8 evw •
x3r'^2" J J eJKSKiJ^ - night it pours a a
© *^-e~$23«S3r!?t3gr . steady Btream of 5
• . ., -——•••—-' electricity. Into -the 2
a nerve center, saturating the weakened tissues and organs with Its life. This •
c is etrength. From it comes the vim. energy,. the fire of perfect physical 1 and •
Jf mental action. It renews the health and happiness of all men. ' ©
S SEE THIS CURE: •
o dr. m. a. Mclaughlin. colma. cai.. Dec. 12, im. •
0 Dear Sir: Several months ago I purchased -on« of your hlgh-gTade Belts •
G having Buffered from rheumatism in arms v ar.d legs, and occasionally in the ®
JJ back. My back was very weak and painful. I used your Belt as you dl- ft
J* reeled cud am happy to state that it has done all you claimed it would all 0
jjj signs of the trouble being gone. I have not a pain or an ache, and will 'cheer- a
© fully recommend your Belt. ours very truly. T HARRISON 51
O ' CALL OR SEND FOB MY 80-PAGE BOOK. Call if you can and in 5'
d five minutes I will make you a convert to my system . of treatment. I ; will *»
q talk common sense to you. and you will see that I know what I am talk- $>
a ing about. If you can't call write for my beautiful 80-page book, which de- #
JJ ecribes my method oX treatment and gives prices.. It is free. Call or write &
w to-tfay. Offlce hours, 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 to L- , •.-¦'¦ q
MONDAY AN EXTRAORDINARY DAY FOR
HOLBDAY BARGAINS.
A SPECIAL HANDKERCHIEF OFFERING,.
25c HANDKERCHIEFS FOR I6!c Each
We will place on sale to-morrow 1200 dozen Ladies' Handker-
chiefs, a manufacturer's surplus stock, bought at almost half-Drice.
One Etylc consists of Ladies' Pure Irish -Linen Hemstitched Hand-
' kerchiefs, full siz*. with an exquisite hand embroidered initial — the
best 25c handkerchief ever imported. "Another "style includes a larjje
variety of hundreds of the newest and most beautiful effects in em-
broidered handkerchiefs that were origjnaliy made to sell at 25c
each, and which we will t>lace on special sale to-morrow at $l.OO a
box (6 in box). Regular value Si. 50.. ¦ ¦
SI.75 GLOVES FOR SI. 10 A PAIR. | BEAUTIFUL HOLIDAY NECKWEAR
Fitted and Guaranteed. J 75c. Each-
This is unquestionably the best| We have prepared for a record-
tflove bargain offered in this city j breaking event in this department.
2t present. Possible, because we | Fifty dozen are to be placed on
made an enormous purchase "t- j sale to-morrcnv. Jabots with stock
cently of these very .hiehjrrade and collars attached, made of the best
fashionable grloves. The assort- liberty silk, very fluffy, in colors
ment is still comolete in colors of of pink, light blue, -lavender.
Tan, Mode, Brown. Ox. Blood. ' white and black, an ideal Christ-
Gray, White and Black; all sizes. ; mas" gift, well worth $t.2.s,
Regular $1.75 gloves C 1 in *<"" ....Each /»5C
for Pair v a . i U
""^? ANOTHER WAIST SALE.
« CAIC nc flun&rilAC $5.75 Each. Worth $8.50
A iALt Ur UMBHtLLAd. Our special Waist announce
SI. ©5 Each. Worth $2. SO merits always bring hundreds of
Ladies looking for durable um- eager buyers— there will be an-
brellas should not overlook • this | other crowd here to-morrow. 150
offering. There are 200 of them: grand fitting and most fash-
the best umbrella ever offered at ionablc Waists go on sale.
$2.50. The ccverinjr is fine qual- They, are made of good wearing
ity Gloria Silk, with cases and tas- Taffeta Silk, finished with hem-
sels to match, ar.d all" are made | stitching and tuckiner and the
on Paragon frames with steel j latest Bishop sleeve; in colors of
rods. Your choice of a splendid j Old Rose, Pink. Light Blue. Car-
assortment of handles, in horn.) dinal. Green. White and Black: all
Dresden, natural sticks, plain and j sizes: well worth $8.50. On
silver trimmed. Special d? 1 q — special sale for holidav (P j- ~j
at Each'P 1 *^' 5 buyers to-morrow.Each^^* *&
SILK PETTICOAT SALE g ,,.?o^r-f!>iM^~$6,95 EACH
MARK-DOWN OF IMPORTED DRESS PATTERNS.
S25.OO PATTERN SUITS SIO OO EACH.
Walt no loneer if you want to procure a genuine bargain in
high class novelty suits. To-morrow you will have an opportunity
to purchase them for less than one-half the former selling price.
Our offering consists of 100 Dress Patterns, distinct, rare French
novelties imported for this fall. They represent a superb collection of
Silk and Wool Matelasse Suitings, in the correct dark colorinjrs —
others are of choice plain material in colors of Garnet. Green. Navv,
Cadet and Purple, and a-e appliqucd in the richest and most ef-
fective designs. You could not find a more acceptable holiday
present than one of these grand $25.00 Suit Patterns. on^|A /\r\
sale at Eacb.3>lU«UU
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
ATI v k n'j'i x f- nn k ntR.
£jyYfaj V y{li.ti'.m tr.nt-itLTroops to Be Beinforccd.
AUSTIN. Tex.. Dec 22.— A dispatch
Some women would dye rather- than
wear a wig.
from Oaxaca. Mexico. say3 the 5000 Gov«
eminent troops now waging war against
the Mayo Indians in the State of Yuca
tan, were to be reinforced by five regi
ments of infantry that will Immediately
be sent to the front from various points
in the States of Oaxaca. Vera Cruz and
San Luis Potosi. where they are now gar
risoned. The military railroad which Xh%
Government Is building from Prcgres*
to the stronghold of the rebels will soott
be completed. There is much sickness
among the troops now in the field.
CANTON. Dec. 22.— The rebels in the
"Wachon district descended from the hills
and pillaged the lowlands. The soldiery
are unable to prevent their raids.
•force of Chinese regulars December 15 at
Yung Tsingtien. northwest of Paotlng-Fu.
Our losses were one officer and two non
commissioned officers wounded. The Chi
nese losses were considerable. A column
was sent December IS from Tientsin, com
manded by Colonel Gruber to Yutienshien,
one hundred kilometers north of Tien
tsin." * .
A Challenge Out.
; A . great challenge will tak« ' plae*
"Wednesday, January I. Q»WfflflaHwma
Christmas Wasp— New West beautiful
ly Illustrated. Send to Eastern friend*.
Price 25c
BRIDGEPORT, Conn.. Dec 22.— The
Hotchklss Company's building- -was de
stroyed by fire to-day, entailing a loss of
$SO.OjO. Besides the Hotchklss Companr.
the Ives Manufacturing Company and
the Connecticut Clasp Company occupied
the burned bull diner, and all Buffered a to
tal loss of stock.
Big Blazft at Bridgeport
The captured robber refuses to disclose
hie name or the identity of the other four
men. He claims to come from Ohio, and
It Is believed that this is the gang which
has been operating recently in that State.
Bloodhounds have been put on the trail
of the escaped robbers.
TULLAHOMA. Tenn.. Dec. 22.— The
vaults of the Coffey County Bank at Man
chester were blown open early to-day by
five robbers and all the currency in the
bank, amounting to $5000. was stolen. The
robbery was discovered by the town
watchman, who notified the authorities at
Tullahotna, toward which place the rob
bers Sed on a handcar. A Deputy Sheriff
and a policeman from Tullahoma met the
robbers a mile from town, and, after a
short fight, captured the thief with the
meney. His four companions escaped.
Tennessee Bank and Take
the Coin.
Fotit Men Blow Open the Vaults of a
BOBBEB CAPTTJBED
WITH TTTR BOOTY
Only a Cloak for Political ¦
Plans.'
.ST. PETERSBURG. Dec 22.— Taking
the unconfirmed rumor that Germany and
Turkey have signed a pearl fisheries con
vention In regard. to the Persian . Gulf tor
its text, the Novoe Vremya urged that
the Russian Government : exercise eternal
watchfulness on Germany's progress and
designs in -the nearer Orient;, declaring
her industrial and commercial activity la
a cloak for - political rlans.
Pearl Fisheries Agreement Said to Be
TJBGES HCSSIA
TO WATCH GEBMAirr
TOPEKA, Dec 22.— Edgar Plato, ¦
piano salesman of this city, was lured
from his home and tarred and feathered
last night, and to-day he swore out war
rants for the arrest of ¦ Peter Hamilton,
the divorced husband of his wife; William
Hamilton, his wife's son, and John Won
dell, his wife's brother, charging them
with committing the crime. Plato mar
ried Jlr«. Hamilton a month ago, after
he had been repeatedly warned by her
relatives against the "union.
Last night three men appeared at Pla
tu's home and called him out on some
pretext, and when he reached the street
the men seized him. and putting him In a
buggy, drove out of the city limits. They
stopped at an out ¦ of the way place and
applied a coat of tar and feathers to Pla
to and warned him to leave the county
within five. days. . Plato suffered Intense
ly, in the cold air. . He managed to reach
home and scraped off his coat of feathers.
He put on clean clothes and came to the
city, where: be, swore out warrants for
his assailants, whom he claims positively
to have identified. ' . N "
Edgar Plato, a Kansas Salesman,
Makes Grave Charges Against
His Wife's Belatives. i-
LTJBED FROM HOME AND
TABBED AND FEATHEBED
PEKING. Dec. 22.— The last obstacle
having been removed the Joint note was
signed to-day by all the foreign Ministers,
including the envoy from The Nether
lands,-who arrived only ' recently. The
note will be delivered to IA Hung Chang
and Prince Ching, the Chinese plenipoten
tiaries, as soon as the former shall have
sufficiently recovered ( from his indispo
sition. The Chinese cloee to Li Hung
Chang: still prefer 10 believe, despite the
signing - of the note, which they did not
believe would take place, that the present
negotiations must be carried on in Eu
rope or America. They resent the British
modification, of the note, for they say
some power or powers might not be sat
isfied until the indemnity has , been - pai<l
in full, which .would: mean the occupation
of Peking for an indefinite time, as It can
not be expected that China can raise what
would be required— possibly 1.000,000.000
taels — at once. -As a matter of fact It will
take several years. SPt&SSSflSW 1 *
: LI Hung Chang's ; condition is reported
to-day to be so much improved that he
was able to be out of bed for a short
timeJ'^sag»^*ggg*^» > >iSJ»iafflH*a>^Sg;s^
. The cavalry and Infantry detachments
which have been ; . Investigating the re
ported troubles near Hoslwu hare re
turned ' and report that there Is nothing
to cause alarm. All the trouble, they say,
isoa the other side of the river, which
the allies are not protecting. It was dis
covered that : a party of Catholic Chris
tians has - started : on ¦ an ¦ expedition, but
its whereabouts : is not known. :•:-.- -
BERLIN, Dec 22.— The following dis
patch from ¦ Field -5 Marshal Count von
Waldersee, dated Peking.- Friday, Decem
ber XI. has been received here:
-"A column dispatched rronvPaoting-FU.'
commanded by • Major UaJne, engaged &
China Not Ahle to Pay In
demnity, Which May Be
a Billion Taels.
MINISTERS SIGN
THE JOINT NOTE
A sensational controversy has broken
out between Chief Justice Frear." and
Judge Humphreys of the First Circuit
Court, with Clerk Henry Smith of the
Supreme Court as a party to the row.
Humphreys made an order that all the
court funds be .placeO In bank, to be held
at the order of the court, and he charged
that In the past funda had been used by
those who had control of them. amon<
the users being the Judges.' who took cash
and left "tags" for th» money, according
to the . Judge. Chief Justice Frear made
a. bitter reply to the charges and the con
troversy attracted much attention. Hum
phreys stuck to his order and the funds
are now kept as he directed.
The transport Meade lost seven firemen
while In port here. Five of .them were
deserters and two were discharged. The
deserters claim , they . were 111 . treated on
board, being put In Irons without. caoM
and m&de to work when they were ilL
Chief engineer Kelly rays that the men
tried to play sick In order to escape work
HOXOL,tTLT7,- I>ec 14.— George Pratt,
the leper who came here from San Fran
cisco and who is to >^c sent back on the
steamship China, claims to have an ef
fective cure for leprosy and his condition
has aroused much Interest among the doc
tors. Physicians who have examined him
say that the disease is arrested in hid
case. He refuses to explain his alleged
remedy/ Pratt is said to have been treat
ed by a San Francisco doctor. Little con
fidence is placed in his statements here
owing to many contradictions in them.
George Pratt's Condition At
tracts Attention at
Honolulu.
CLAIMS TO HAVE
CURE FOR LEPROSY
csid'
"1 positively swear that th« taking cf
this sauce could not directly nor Indirect
ly have caused tuberculosis of the tiroat
or In any way be the cause of the death
cf Cadet Eooz two years alter bis par-
H. Poole of Michigan swor«
that he sever taxed Boo*. H» nad not
seen Brcth hazed, but bad beard he w«j
"exercised" considerably.
"What are the relations of the tipjw
clansmen with tHe fourth classmen?"
**Wltn the exception of exardslng.
which, ha* been abolished, it Is about th3
eun« as formerly. We require them to do
ep*dal work aoout our tents, cleaning
jrr.s, making up beds and so forth.** '
Tiit witness eald that h« bad beard of
WUHT POINT. Dec 21— Tha Court of
Inquiry laves.tlpa.tlEg the alTetratlon that
the l*ie Oscs-r K Eooz was so ill treated
while a cadet at the Military Academy
Ifcat his health was Impaired began work
early to-day- Major John M. Hacnlster,
eurrecn. United States army, told of his
testing the ejects of partaking of four
drop* of "tropical pepper Eau.ee." such as
2s used In the carets* mess hall. He s£id
he tried It last c'sct by dropping four
tfrope of the eauce on the palm of his
h^r* end **irir>f it vp with bis tongue.
He ewaHowed the scuce, although It
tasted hot, like the taste of a cayenne
pepper pod. KIs throat, he Bald, was very
.susceptible to any Irritation, but he feit
bo 111 effects from the dose.
Two your-s ladles who were present
when he made the test, in a' spirit of fun
iid likewise, and they. too. found no d:ffl
#a:ty IB swallowlag tb.& hi?k quantity.
In reply to General Clous the witness
Says It Could Not Have
Caused the Death of
Booz
DOCTOR TESTS
TOBASCO SAUCE
and that he forced them to work only
when told by the ship's doctor they wer*
not 111 but were shamming.
"I knew him but did not hear of his be
ing hazed or beln? put In a strait-Jacket
If he had been placed In a etralt-Jacket
I certainly would have heard of it. I
had a special duty man from the fourth
class. He made beds, swept out the t«nt.
carried water and cleaned my grun and
bayonet."
Cadet Guy Carlton of Michigan testi
fied that Bocz was hazed, but that there
was nothing brutal or severe In It. Oth
ers had Flmllar exi>er1ences.
In reply to several questions regarding
Cadet Breth the witness said:
"Two were won by upper classmen, one
by a fourth class man and the other was a
draw."
four fights between Tapper and fourth
class men since last encamoment.
"Who w6nT' asked General Clous.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1900.
17
FOR THE BIGGEST SALE OR ,;::<
THE BIGGEST SALE OF
THIS CITY HAS EVER SEEN.
WE'RE DO/iVC THE SANTA CLAUS ACT FOR THE MEN FOLKS MONDA Y........
ecccoooccGOcee<&see9coe©scco©o©t-oeea©ttoo©eteQ©e© oooooeeee«oe0Q*e«o««*aoee»«e««*eo»e»««ee«eeaeoft . ©o#»«oao©©e«o©oo**coeo«©©*oooocao«oe5> ©o*oaoc*oa
o RAFTS OF • e RAFTS OF S3 QTVI IQH U/nD^TPH ©
g 2 2 qtvi IQH u/iWTPD ai i wnni • • i5l YLIbn WUKblfcU j
| STYLISH OVERCOATS :„._! suits foi? MEN \«~~~\ TROUSERS FOR MEN f
| ,„ ,„, O^^O^. «J. »» ... O.H,,, | | ,„ A ,, (h= N . w , m2h . c ,., s | I T», |
O • ¦ ¦ .rj*-." '. ¦ ¦ ¦-¦¦-. \ gWW*BwWWWWW X ,
* : — -op»Eisr i&oi&iDjirsr isrip-iiT tilil, n o'clock- — _____ — _
pcooopo| To Beat goeoe«o» i^Jf-W^W^#!P WWZW^ COBNEsK^f^Yyt ****:*• To Beat fete****
I The Band | .^^ Ommt&^vAQ^Ayt | The Band |
•oo»»QOO»o»oo«oe»oo»B«oo YOU. MISS it IF YOU AIN'T WITH US MONDAY. 2©c©soooo©ooo©de3©«octoS
1 I im/i w * ** "* e r \is\ I
P /l^^r Made of absolutely waterproof ¥|1K\\
g '/fvVf ¦ leather, built not only into a l\.)li
Q j V j winter shoe, but - a stylish and I %f 1
BE*. I hygienic shoe besides For the f I
H IS A i rainy season a more durable I f\\ {
H 1 1 Aviv * " shoe could not ba found. Made Syr') a
n \l\^a °y Buckingham & Hecht for *§^/jf/
i vIiSSa men; $5 the pair. Hail orders £01 11
f§ \V^§^\a fllled - Address Department 0. /fe^//Buy the Christmas Wasp-^end to East*
ern trienda,. Handsomely flhutrateflr Bold
everywhere. •¦-., x 1
Eastern reports of the recent gale that swept over, this city are coming in with our ex
changes, and after reading them it seems; evident -that we suffered every sort of shock that could
be given by a hurricane, an earthquake and a tidal wave.
Over in the East many families are discussing how they, can live on $3 a week, but they Would
do better to discuss how they can come West and earn more money.
Congress promised that this, session should _ be devoted strictly to business, but it looks as if
as much time would be devoted to pumping hotair as ever..
The conquest of the Transvaal may, not entail axost that will stagger humanity, as Krueer
said, but it has staggered Britain all right. - ,' : ' ''. '
Senator Allen is once more ¦clamoring for the Government to pay a bounty for the export of
farm products, and if he, and his Populist following;; could be classified as farm products it might
be worth while to try .the experiment for. a shipment or two. ¦ *,
The New York Sun says Congress should vote appropriations for expositions at Buffalo St
Louis, New Orleans, Charleston and Atlanta; but after, that there should be no more such ap
propriations. Such a programme allows the great West' no show at all, and it is fortunate for us
the Sun is not the whole thing. ... .
The plans for the improvement of the White House which were placed on exhibition durimr
the Washington celebration have aroused the wrath of the American Institute of Architects. Some
of the leading members of the institute have declared that to alter the historic structure alone
the lines proposed would be a disgrace to American architecture; but inasmuch as the plans were
drawn not by an architect but by an officer of the army, i'<- would seem the matter should be
treated as a military and not an architectural problem.
•William Haywood, formerly . Consul-
General at Honolulu, and who recently re
signed, arrived here yesterday with Mrs.
Haywood en route for "Washington, where
he goes as representative of the Honolulu
Board of Trade. Mr. ; Haywood expects
to take up a permanent residence in the
capital city. . ' . : -
R. TV. Baxter, euperintendent of the
Union Pacific, arrived from Omaha yes
terday in a Epecial car. He Is accompa
nied by his family, and they will be at
the Palace until to-morrow, when they go
to Monterey to spend Christmas. !
Timothy Mee, traveling passenger agent
for the Rio Grande Western, left last
evening for Paterson, N. J., to- visit old
time acquaintance*. Mr. Mee has not
been East since he came to California ten
years ago.
James Carruthers and J. E. Carruthers
"prominent Toronto horsemen, arrived In
•this city yesterday and are registered at
the Palace.
S. P. Cushing, president of the Mount
Tamalpais Scenic Railroad, Is spending a
few days at the California.
James A. Chanslor and C. A. Canfield,
extensive oil producers at Los Angeles!
are at the Palace.
Lieutenant G. Hayes of London Is at
the Palace.
T. H. Selvage, an attorney of Eureka,
Is at the Grand with his wife. ,
A. Satter, a coffee planter of Guate
mala, is registered at the California;
Mrs. T. E. Crouse. owner of a larg-e ho
tel at Honolulu, is at the California.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Sheriff A. C. Buach of Downievllle la at
the Russ. ."' **
A Challenge Out.
A great challenge will take place
Wednesday, the 2d. •
FROM the earnestness displayed at. the meeting last evening to consider ways and means for
increasing the revenues of the University of California good auguries may.be drawn for the
success of the movement. The issue is one of the highest interest to the State. . Our general
educational development is advancing by leaps and bounds, and despite the additional advantages
of higher education afforded by the Stanford foundation, v the number of young" men and voting
women who are annually fitted to undertake a university course is greater than the universities can
rightly care .for. During the last ten "years the attendance at the University of California has in
creased 400 per cent while the income hag increased but 70 per cent. At the present time the
university is second to but one other in the United States in point of academic attendance, and yet
its income is but half of that of Stanford. /-'-' '
- Such being the situation an increase of the revenues of the university has become a matter of
imperative urgency. No further campaign of education upon the subject should be needed be
yond what is required to inform the people and their representatives in the Legislature of the
facts.
California cannot afford to lag behind other States in providing for the higher education.
The proud position the State now occupies in that respect must be maintained and advanced. All
departments of human endeavor have become so complex and so scientific in their methods that
only by the highest training can men be fitted to conduct industries to the full success. The States
that have the best trained . brains in -their service will rank highest, not only in spiritual*** anil
intellectual things, but in material prosperity. The higher education of aspiring young men and
women is therefore a public charge of great importance to all. It would discredit the common
wealth if her students were compelled to go to other lands to seek an education.
In the movement now being made for an increased income for the university there should be
cordial support in all parts of the State. Excellent plans have been proposed for accomplishing
the .desired end, and consequently no valid reasons can be found for opposition in any quarter.
It is a good movement with which to start the new year and the new century. Let each one in
proportion to his influence help it forward. '
FUNDS FOR THE UNIVERSITY.
to the throat, so tantalizing when permit
ted to slip I<T! oil over the palate, so com
forting when !t reached the stomach, thaf
th© Sixth tasted and drank and tasted
CL£aln and gathered in the horses. A rain
¦was falling that turned to glare Ice upon
the mountain Elopes, over which the regi
ment was advancing. The men were
drenched to the ekln. The "fence" threw
eff the chill, and, being unaccustomed to
Its wlllness and unwitting of lt« final
deadly effect, the men took more and
wondered if angels had led them to this
retreat cf liquid sweetness. But be it un
derstood that while you may, even as a ,
novice, drink copiously of the stuff, there
oomes a moment when paraJysIa seises
the brain and the limbs. Tou fall in your
tracks as If ehot down. You are oblivious
to ail surroundings or conditions. You
are practically cocained, with enough suf
fering ahead of you when you come to to
keep you forever free from future trifling !
with th« liquor. The Sixth to a man was
near the end of its labors, out la the wilds.
Tfhen it regimcntally collapsed. That* is.
It lay down in the rain and stayed down.
• • . •
There was standing only the temperate
colonel and the little Austrian bugler.
They made tnelr way to a nearby cabin,
whoee owner hospitably" welcomed them
sad Immediately proffered • 'atone fence."
Do not ever thir.k that this story is part
of the official war record of the United
States Government- It is not. But if you
visit the quaint town of Olney, this State,
and chance to meet Colonel John Lynch,
one of Gricrson's old men, and one-time
commander of the Sixth Illinois Cavalry,
jnst have him confirm the matter. He
•will, and perhaps with more details than
here given. Colonel Lynch is a good man,
not a drinker, a rugged pioneer cf Illinois.
But his old regiment, once upon a time,
placed itself upon record as having the
Jolliest, jnost complete and satisfactory
tpree that ever befell 1200 fighting men.
It was a regiment of fathers, sons, cous
ins and neighbors, ragged In its formation
during the early days of the Civil War,
rot much thought of at the start by the
pride-swollen infantry. But hard fighting,
hard riding and hard discipline took the
kinks out of its manners, gave it sym
metry, pride and backbone — a combination
of qualities not forgotten by any man in
Jove with the dash of "Boots and Sad
dles."
There came a time in the history of the
Bixth. s=ays a writer in the Chicago Times-
Herald, when serving with Thomas at
Nashville, and being somewhat worried
by Hood and his antics it was ordered to
iro into the mountain district of Tennessee
and confiscate all the saddle horses' it
could find. Horses must be had, and
horw\s the Sixth went after, led by !ts
God fearing colonel and a bugler who had
once served in the Austrian army, and
could not only give all the Union trumpet
calls but also those of the armies of Con
tinental Europe. The regiment was not
made up of drinking men. Perhaps there
was a man here and there who liked hi3
"sup" after a wet tramp or other dis
agreeable duties, but generally speaking
the Sixth \ra> a clean command, most
TTw.fully ignorant of the seductiveness as
ttcII es vlciousr.ess of "stone fence." This
same "stone fence" Is a Southern drink—
a, high wall of fermentation — over which
r.o man ever climbed. It Is found In tho
illicit stills of the mountains. In barrels
back of the fiocrs of domiciles in the Cum
berland range. It Je served In tin ladles
or gourds, or sipped from fat-necked bot
tles, aforesaid necks emitting rich, deep
Eurgles as the "fence" moves Its position
from the bottle's interior to that of a
throat.
The way of the Eixth lefl It Into a re
erioa of stills from which the lanky pro
prietors had been driven by the terrors
of war. They left behind them much un
consumed "stone fence," which the Sixth
chanced to find, and as a matter of fact
cheerfully imbibed of. It was eo smooth
A REGIMENTAL "STONE FENCE."
"My bugler drinks for me," said the
colonel, and the little bugler drank.
"Call my men." said the colonel.
The bugler blindly made his way out
doors and placed his bugle to his lips. He
sounded every call he had ever learned—
the Austrian, the German, the French,
the Russian and the American calls. The
regiment heard as if from a far, far dis
tance. The regiment wished to obey, but
could not. In those days it was the fash
ion with cavalrymen to wear abnormally
long hair. The Sixth had lain down, sur
rendered to the "fence." with all its locks
outspread. Upon this the cold rain had
fallen, and then the chill had frozen the
hair to the ground. It was quite evident
If the Sixth was to get free it would
either have to be chopped out or wait for
a thaw. The waiting was Impossible, so
the chopping began, and finally a part of
the regiment managed to reach the col
onel'B' headquarters. Xow, a colonel can
punish one man for. bibulousness, or two,
or half a dozen, but to punish twelve hun
dred, that were too much for the doughti
est colonel that ever lived. Colonel Lynch
¦wisely chose the course of getting his men
into fair physical condition as soon as pos
sible and then made his way back to
Thomas. The regiment passed through
the war with an untarnished reputation,
returned to Illinois, 'dissolved and Its
members became good citizens.
• • •- ¦¦•:•• r^-i
But they still tell the story down In the
mountain ranpos near Xashville of "how
a hull regiment of Yanks come up hyar.
an* I'm blamed If they didn't take just a
sup of stuff an* then they Just curled up
like a dead huntln* dog, and had to have
themselves cut out o' the blamed Ice 'fore
they could git hum agin. A Yank can't
likker." -^i
THE State of New York had fine primeval forests. In that respect the State excelled even
Pennsylvania, which was named for its' founder and its forests. The timber of New York
was of great value, consisting of the finest hardwoods. A large share of it was cut and
burned to make clearings, and the ash was leached to make black potash, which was formerly
quite an article of commerce, brought in wagons down the Mohawk Valley to Albany. Gradually
the great forests of Cayuga, Onondaga, Monroe, Cattaraugus, Niagara and other counties disap
peared. With the forests, the streams and springs disappeared also., Central New York has
now much less moisture than sixty years ago, and its numerous clear streams are now occasional
tonents during the rainfall, and at other times are dry, with the exception of a few green and
stagnant pools. The great wagon and carriage works of Cortland and other places in the State have
been -compelled to resort to Canada for their hard timber, and there is a visible blight that has
fallen with the slaughter of the forest.
But New York has left the forest of the Adiroridacks, and is reserving it as rapidly as possible.
While it is too remote from the central and western part of the State to favorably affect moisture,
it guards the headwaters of the Hudson River and is of vast importance to a considerable section.
But there is marching to it an enemy of which we have seen no mention in the State forest reports.
Many years ago a Frenchman in Boston imported some specimens of the gypsy moth, a spe
cies unknown before to this continent. He expected to produce silk from this moth, which
makes a cocoon without feeding on the mulberry. His specimens escaped and in a few years the
forests of Massachusetts began to show the effect of their presence. The caterpillar of this moth
eat's all foliage, pine, oak, hemlock, maple, elm, beech, birch and all being on its daily bill of fare.
The State was finally compelled to come to the rescue of its forests, only to find that it must de
stroy them in order to destroy the moth. The expense account has run into hundreds of
thousands per annum expended by a moth commission. Itjs believed now that the pest is being
brought under control, but we are informed that it has crossed the State line, and its ravages were
seen recently within twenty-five miles of the edge of the Adirondack forests.
The insect sweeps on like a fire, and the only way to arrest it is by back-firing. If it gets
into the great woods of Northern New York it may be expected to spread rapidly westward and
threaten the forests of the whole continent.
The appearance of this awful insect in this country has led to a study of its past history in
Europe b"y geologists, botanists and dendrologists. Its prehistoric depredations are believed to
account for the total disappearance of vast forests, the record of whose destruction is written in
the rocks and the crust of the earth. With what it fed on it would also disappear, to return again
in after ages when the ground was reforested. It is believed that in its European habitat it ha'd
lost much of the destructive quality of its ancient congener, but its transfer to a new environ
ment has freshened its voracity and restored its primeval power to exterminate forests.
Entomologists have thus far sought in vain for an insect enemy to put upon its track. No
bloodhound of that vastly populated world of winged and crawling life has been found that will
prey upon it, therefore man has to fight the battle on unequal terms against a winged enemy,
and has gained what advantage appears only by himself destroying the forests on which his petty
antagonist feeds, with the intention of renewing them when the invading army has been starved.
It is hoped that this reference to the appearance of the moth so near to the Adirondacks will
attract attention in New York, that immediate steps may be taken to turn the attack and save the
great woods.
NEW YORK'S FORESTS.
THE most Important musical event
since .the grand opera season will
be the Strauss. engagement at the
California Theater, beginning next
Sunday evening* Strauss begins a
New Year musical programme of
which any city m'ight be pepud. The Graff
organization, with Sembrich, who shares
the lyric throne. with Melba; Osslp Gabri
lowitsch and Teresa Carreno, pianists of
highest achievement: Mile. Dolores (Tre
bclli), the admirable artist so well liked
and known here; the Henschels. whose
concerted v.ork has brought, them world
fame; and. lastly,, who will come first, Ed
uard Strauss, with his famous orchestra,
will all be heard, j
If the later days of the new year fulfill
the musical promise of. the spring, and
repeat only the last year's musical story,
then may we begin to lay claim to an."at
mosphere" in San Francisco, that myste
rious quantity without which artistically
we -are nothing. . ¦
"We may have the throats of angels, and
'competent authority allows the State an
exceptional vocal birthright; we may
have genius abounding, also freely ad
mitted to exist here in phenomenal meas
ure; we may have among us cultivated
musicians galore, and every other vaunt
of musical fitness for comparison with the
effete East, but, until we have -the "at
morphere," csthetically we are not in It
with the older world. Boston has it; New
York claims it; even Chicago now alleges
acquaintance with the elusive quantity,
but only the pilot— and he probably has
his weather ey.? upon other than the kind
discussed — will claim an "atmosphere" for
San Francisco.
"An 'atmosphere' Is a growth, therefore
not possible of rap*d achievement," ex
plains the Superior Person, who Is doing
us in three weeks. Surprised frequently
Into a momentary expression of admir
ation of the musical conditions here, the
wise man from the East Invariably ends
his little dithyramb with this saving "at
mospheric" clause. And that settles it
and us, so far a3 our artistic aspirations
are concerned, a final judgment against
which Is no appeal. But things grow fast
in California, and why not an "atmos
phere" like everything else? We are In
the ''genius belt." Athens, art center of
the old world: Toklo, heart of the oriental
civilization, with its wonderful art-devel
opment, are cheek-by-Jowl with San Fran
cisco so far as latitude Is concerned. With
Tafnp's claim that genius is a product of
physical conditions, climate and the rest
of it. and up-to-date Callfcrnlan evidence
all in favor of the theory, after the testi
mony afforded by the recent Grau season
as to a cultivated appreciation here ex
istent, we may reasonably allege the
dawn of an "atmosphere," and even a
musical air of modest standing. The con
ditions are all favorable, even our Isola
tion conducing to an artistic self-depen
dence, and it only remains to continue the
present policy of the "open ear" to that
which is worthy, the open purse for Its
practical support — alike to the visiting
rr.elstcrsinger and the local artist, to
achieve that desire of the city artistic—
an "atmosphere." whose hopeful begin
nings are already with us.
It Isvgood to know that we are permit
fed to enjoy Strauss and his orchestra by
grace 6t~ critics Krehbiel. Henderson.
Huneker and even Finck. These gentle
men, whose musical wqrd Is Eastern law,
have a tempered and limited approval for
the famous Viennese, and his repertoire.
In his own domain, the wild witcheries
and fascinations of the Hungarian dance3,
the subtle and sensuous enchantment of
the waltz, the creation of the elder
Straus3 in its present form, the light bril
liancy of the polka and other arrange
ments in light, catchy rhythms, Strauss
Is acknowledged king. His orchestra of
fifty instruments, chiefly strings, a suffi
cient proportion of horns and trombones
find a, wood, wind quartet of soloists Is
hear** at Its best in these numbers, and
its best is the limit of what can be done
in this direction.
And h<?re the critics disagree as to the
necessity and place of the kind of music
in which Strauss and his orchestra excel.
Hendenson. while acknowledging the ex
cellence of its rendering, prefers the sym
phony concert for the public good and
says so. Krehbiel echoes Mr, Henderson,
or vice versa. But James Huneker, the
distinguished critic of the- Courier and
other publications, extends a glad hand
to the Hungarian genius, his* orchestra,
his repertoire and all that of him is.
Philip Hale, the Boston critic, makes the
unprecedented suggestion that the Boston
symphony orchestra should "play once a
year one of the Strauss waltzes!" intimat
ing that the classic audiences would
doubtless prefer it to one of the Viennese
Fuchs' compositions, for example, than
which, "in a liberal interpretation of the
phrare. It is better music!" And, by the
way. Wilhelm Gericke, leader of the
symphony orchestra, made'much of the
band and its conductor during their ap
pearances In Boston, which were made
in that sanctum sanctorum of the
symphony in America, Music Hall, and
under the direct patronage of Gericke
himself.
The progress of the orchestra through
the East seems Indeed t6 have been a
kind of triumphal march. Wresting rec
ognition of his own peculiar genius from
critic, pedant and musician of every ilk
alike, Strauss cornea to us with honors
thick upon his shoulders. His is a fa
mous name. Last of the Strauss dynasty,
son of the elder Johann. the waltz king,
and brother of Josef and Johann the
younger, his name is familiar to every
waltz-lover in both hemispheres. It was
this last Strauss* Intent to devote himself
to the consular service, and he received
an academic and philosophical training as
preliminary to the consular life. But
heredity, environment or family tradition
were too strong, and 1S62 found him at
the head of the Strauss orchestra In
Vienna.
For thirty-eight years now he has been
conducting successful "Hungarian bands "
touring every summer through tho princi
pal cities of Europe and occasionally ex
tending his tour beyond European boun
daries even as far as America in one In
stance. Ten years ago Herr Strauss gave
concerts in sixty-one cities of America
and, according to . the New York Herald'
has during the last twenty-two years
played in over eight hundred cities in the
two hemispheres.
Besides his own orchestra. Herr Hofka
pellmeister Strauss is, as the title implies
leader of the Imperial orchestra at the
Austrian court, which position of Imperial
and royal musical director he has held for
thirty-two years. He has all sorts of dec
orations, and such like, and Herr
Strauss is also a composer of some small
note, chiefly of dance music, though he
has arranged numerous operas and writ
ten a few songs. It is understood that the
Austro-Hungarian authorities In San
Francisco will see to it that their gifted
compatriot , is accorded a sufficient wel
come to the coast, and it is quite likely
that tho engagement here will have a so
ciai slde-the "function" element The
California Theater has accordingly or co
incidentally raised Its prices
Mr. and Mrs. GeorgHenschel, who will
appear In .San Francisco early in Febru
ary. have arrived in New York during the
past week. This will be their farewell
tour of. America.
There are many who will be glad and a
2 B W -iS£; Wl ? K? 8 w tO h * ar 'hat the^us*
tic critic of .the Wasp ts ; himaelf again.
Mr. Lucchesl has just recovered from a
severe illness, and is to be found J at hi
"Recognizing that the peoples of tht
British Empire and the United States are
closely allied by blood, inherit the sain*
literature and laws, hold the same prin
ciple of self-government and shard tha
same Ideas of freedom, humanity and
progress, the British-American Union ha»
been. formed to strengthen and make per
manent the bonds which unite the two
nations. To this end It asks the hearty
co-operation of every Britisher who loves
his mother land and that of which he i3
the gupst or has become the son. And to
this end it asks also the co-operation of all
Americans who respect the traditions of
their blood and the highest interest* of
their country."
As a kind of international Christmas
card, the British-American Union clo«ed
the programme with the following greet
ing and Invitation, which, as it has a.
seasonable smack and timely air, I gtvt:
Tho scene was laid In the old English
hall so delightfully pictured by Washing
ton Irving, the time, of course, 'Christmas,
and the ancient customs that have ush
ered in the English Yuletide for Imme
morial years were Illustrated. "Noel.
Xoel." and other carols were sung with
spirit and sympathy by the boys of St.
Luke's choir, and the "waits" and "mum
mers" added to the pretty Illusion. On«
missed. Indeed, the familiar "Hark, tho
Herald Angels!" and "Christmas,
Awake"' which latter appeals to pagan
and Christian ear alike till the English.
Christmas day is nearly done; but it was
an enjoyable programme and tending to
the amity of nations.
The second part of the programme was
given over to a dramatization of "Wash
ington Irvlng's "Bracebrldpe Hall," di
rected by Leo Cooper, with musical inter
polations arranged by Mr. Sabin.
Those in the cast were: The Squire.
William Sieberst: Frank, Algernon Asp
land; Washington Irving, George R. Ve
voda; Master Simon. Harry O'Neill; Fun
nelly. William Marron: Julia. Miss Clan
dine Devinez; Janet. Donah Benrimo; a
small boy, Ethel Wilson; a little girl,
June Mathis; waits. Marquardt's Orches
tra; carolers. St. Luke's Church choir;
the mummers, up to date; Ladye of
Misrule. Florence Matheson; St. Georgo,
Dr. Digby- Johnston: Lord of Misrule, Dr.
H. *R. Morton; Oom Paul, A. Matheson:
Chinese Boxer, T. Cheetham; Aguinaldo,
J. Morton.
Jlr. Aspland, who Is comparatively new
to musical circles, has an exceptionally
promising voice. It is of wide ranse,
strong, of unusual and pleasing quality,
but his enunciation leaves much to be do
sired and his attack is not good. Miaa
Davis, ever a conscientious artist, gave
Just the right dramatic Impulse to her
song; Mrs. Tenney gave much pleasure
with her rendering of the Foote dlrgo anct.
like all the other singers, received enthu
siastic encore.
"My Dream" (Toati>. Mrs. A. Ziska-Jen
nings; "The Pllsrrim of Love" (Bishop),
Algernon Aspland.
"There's a Land" (Allitsen), H. M. For
tescue: "The Blind Girl's Song" C'La G!a
conda"). (Ponchfelli). Miss Mae Rose;
"Irish Folk Song" (Foote>, Mrs. Eva Ten
ney: "The Gallants of England" (Nevln),
F. B. G. Mills; "Love, the Pedlar" (Ger
man), Miss Grace Davis; "Sunshine and
Rain" (Blumenthal). Miss Xena Roberta;
The first part of the programme was
musical and in chargo of Dr. H. J. Stew
art. The following numbers were ren
dered: Overture. by the orchestra;
A charming and seasonable affair ¦was
the concert and entertainment given, the
other evening at Odd Fellows' Hall under
the auspices of the British-American Un
ion.
new studio. H10 Larkin street, for the fu
ture, where he will resume his musical
and journalistic ecpupatiorrs.
IN "The Gay Ix>rd Quex" Mr. Pinero has
been accused of writing an immoral
play. That Is hardly fair, for things
vulgar are rot always things Immoral,
and, the objectionable touches in Qu«"x
are vulprar rather than Immoral. There
is ccthlrB In the play as immoral as the
final scene In "Siegfried," against which I
have not heard, or seen In print, a single
protest.
I am not defending Mr. Pinero's lapses
from taste; I regret them as much as any
one and consider them blemishes upon his
Jalr fame as a dramatist. But this can
rot blind me to the brilliant qualities of
Quex as a piece of writing or persuade
rce that the work as a whole Is immoral.
In^fted. If one Is hunting for a moral,
there axe several to be found In this play.
They may be stated seriatim as fo'.lows:
Moral One. That a bad man (Quex)
tr.cy be redeemed by his love for a pood
woman (Muriel). This affirmative propo-
Fition Is evidently Intended by the author
to stand in contrast with the negative
proportion which he maintained in "The
6?oond Mrs. Tanqueray," namely, that a
bad -woman cannot be redeemed by her
love for a good man.
Moral Two. That a gentleman (Quex)
should never hesitate to lie In order to
stve the reputation of a lady (the Duch
ess of Strood). In his comedy "Denlse,"
Dumas fils hae maintained this same the
f:-. complicating It with the (to him)
ecruaJly incontestable proposition that a
woman must never hesitate to tell the
truth even at the expense of her reputa«
tion. This is what you might expect from
the author of "Tue La"!
Moral Three. That a whit© man (Sir
Cbiehester Frayne) who resides for some
years among a primitive people (the West
Afrlcane) Is likely to revert to a primitive
morality of the anthropoid type.
Moral Four. That "a good deal of
Champagne underneath a lot of whisky"
(e-ot IV) is bad for biliously inclined
people.
Moral Flv«. That no honorable
tnan (Captain Bastllng), having plighted
Jiis faith to one pretty girl (Muriel), will
make love to another (Sophy). If he does,
he Is likely to lose both, and serve him
right.
Moral Six. Palmistry is charlatanism
and a "professor" thereof (Valma) is in
danger of come day finding himself "in
the police court, alongside a poor old wo.
roan whose hand has been crossed with a
threepenny bit -down an area" (act II).
Mora! Seven. That an engaged couple
eTioiiid not ride In a cab, for if they do.
when they leave the cab they are likely
to forget their luggage; then one of them
(Valma) must run back for it. and while
lie is running back for it the ether party
aforesaid (Sophy) may, with the best in
tentions in tho world, become involved In
a complication that shall lead to an ab
ruptly comic or abruptly tragic termina
tion of the aforesaid engagement.
Moral Eight. That (to use Dumas*
phrase) to say good-by for the last time
severed times (the Duchess of Strood.
Quex) Is a bad policy that leads to dan
gerous consequences.
Moral Nine. That women who say they
read books like "Les Aventures de Ma
dame Plon" for their "style" are frauds.
Moral Ten (counterpart to Moral Four).
Every young irjdy (Muriel) who puts her
fiance (Quex) upon probation is herself
upon probation. Bhe must no more flirt
I understand that Mr. Frohman has
promised to send us this play with other
new plays next cummer. He must send
us some very good actors at the same
time, or the seeing thereof will be less
pleasurable than the reading thereof in
Mr. Russell's beautiful edition. Quex la
an extremely difficult part to act. There
are not more than three or four men in
the United States— among them Mr. Mans
field and Mr. Miller— who could do it ad
equately. Sophy Fullgarney, too, a bour
geois tragedy-queen, .equlres In the act
ress a rare combination of refinement
(which must be innate in the imperson
ator, and of commonness (assumed from
a close study of the English girl of the
people).
As a piece of dramatic construction Mr.
Pinero's play Is almost perfect. In this
respect there Is no English-speaking
writer who holds even a good second place
to him. Every character has a meaning
and an appropriate place in the action;
every incident is properly motivated.
Take, for instance, the strong love scene
between Valma and Sophy, with which
the play opens. Such a scene In such a
place is a daring experiment, for it would
eeem as if it must lead to an anti-climax.
Yet that scene is planned with direct
reference to the last scene of the third
act, the climatic scene of the play.
Without the one the other would lose haif
its force. Had we not been shown that
Valma and Sophy are honestly and deep
ly in love with each other, had we not
been warned of Valma's jealous disposi
tion, wo could not fully realize Sophy'a
anguish when she finds that she has
placed herself in a position where she
must sacrifice her lover to save her
friend. - *
A friend for whose judgment I have
much respect 'maintains that In the per
bon of Muriel Eden Mr. Plnero Intended to
portray a truly lovelv woman, an ideal
heroine, but that he has failed in his at
tempt, being unable to conceive even the
loveliest woman as capabla of resisting
the temptation to have two strings to her
bow. But did ho attempt to make Muriel
an ideal heroine any more than did Mr.
Ford attempt to make Janice Meredith?
Does he not rather intend a subtle satire
upon his hero, Quex, who thinks that he
is going to marry an angel but who
really gets only a girl prevented by tha
merest accident from running off with
another man?
When the play came out in England
Eome Bishop tock Mr. Pinoro severely to
task. Surely his lordship cannot have
read the play; had he done so he must
have discovered, even on a first reading,
all the morals which I have pointed out
and a closer study would have revealed
to him more.
Moral Twelve. That "in this life, if you
have anything to pardon, pardon quickly.
Slew forgiveness is little better than no
forgiveness," "What could be better?
with gallant captains than must he with
duchesses.
Moral Eleven. That the well-intentioned
action of the Jgrnorant often does more
harm th?n the evil-lntentioned action of
the educated. This sociological paradox
Is maintained by phllrsophers who differ
as widely as do Matthew Arnold and Her
bert Spencer, and of this paradox Sophy
Fullsarney, In Mr. Pinero'e play. Is a
striking: illustration.
By Blanche Partington.
New Year * Promise
IN A MUSICAL WAY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECB51BER 23, 1900.
SUNDAY ..........;............ DECEMBER -2.1. 1000
. • , JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
.* . '¦ Address All Communication* to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFPrCB. " " "^7""."'"^" ¦~ 1 -"-"'- 1 - 11 -" """*"""*"**"" ~~Z^~7~7T Z~~~~7
- ¦ *'•• market and Third, Son Francisco
Morals In The
IMMORAL LORD QUEX
18
By L. Du Pont Syle.
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar— "Madame Butterfly."
Columbia— "The Duke's Jester."
Ttroll— ••Ctederella."
Central Theater— '•The Heart of Maryland."
California— "At the White Horse Tavern."
California — Vienna Orchestra, Sunday evening,
December 30. .
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alhambra— "Why Smith Left nome."
Grand Opera-house — "A Tale of Twt> Cltie*."
Otympla. corner Mason and Eddy street*—
Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— VauderiUe tv«rr
afternoon and rvenicsr.
Fischer* •— Vaudeville.
Union Coursinar Park — Coursing.
¦ ¦» ¦
•"Why aren't you satisfied with your lot
in life?"
"Bvcause it isn't a lot more." — Phila-
delphia Bulletin.
» ? ¦
Choice candies. TownseRd's,Palace Hotel.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's*
Thousands of pounds of California glace
fruits all ready for shipping'. Townsend'9.*
» ? » .
Townsend's famous broken and plain
mixed candy, 2 lbs 25c. 633 Market street.*
¦ m •
Time to express Townsend's California
glace fruits to your Eastern friends. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c 3
pound. In flre-etched boxes or Jan. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
633 Market street. Palace Hotel building.*
• m *
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st Telephone Main 1042. •
Wise la the woman who doesn't worry,
bi>t twists her crowning: glory up in curl
papers and keeps right on hoping 1 for the
best. — Chicago Ne-ws.
Gulllet's ice cream, mocha, camelia, piitache,
chocolate cakes. MS larkin. phone East 133. •
To the cverage person of ony age. th©
futuro Is rosy enough if It contains a
promise of a good beefsteak for supper.—
Atchi?on Globe.
A ' ' OTT (WfW
Ftnsr- . Ulll OlUUlL
CLASS . .
™*™ GUARANTEED-
...THE...
OIL AND INVESTMENT
COMPANY
Has placed on the market CO.COO shares
of Its treasury stock at par valua of
fl each, which are absolutely fruaran-
teed by the Continental BullOlnjr and
Loan Association of San Francisco.
The lands are located In the famous
Kern River and Suaset districts and
arei thoroughly proven. There is no
danger of dry holes.
. The officers of the company ar»:
John P. Albro, A. J. Munton. Frank du
Bols of San Francisco, T. A, Shep-
pard. S. D. Miner of Oakland. Captain
E. E. Whitney and Georga W. May-
wood of -San Diego.
Address
T. A. SHEPPABD,* Secretory,
393 PARROTT BUILDING,
BAN FRANCISCO.lio 3Iore Boxing-.
<~ T 'TCAOO, Dec. 22.— The tie-up of box-
Ing f-xhir>itior.s In Chicago was made corc
plete to-day when the Chicago Athletic
Association, a private club, decided to
bold DO bovine shows and abandoned a!l
3\?.r c which had h**n made for bouta De
cember 23. !t was said the city authori
ties v.-o';!(1 have allowed an exhibition at
:h" dob. but the committee disliked the
notoriety which it wcis believed would
afT^-ci the r!ub.
A Challenire Out
A great challenge will take place
Wednesday. January 2. •
N'EVT YORK. Dec. 22.— O?car Aaronson.
the bicycle rider, died in the New York
Hospital this afternoon from injuries re
miiir.g from his fall during the six days'
bicycle race in Madison-SQuare Garden.
Aaronson received his injuries on the
third day of the contest, during a relief
cf two of the riders by their partners.
Two of the men who were in the lead
came to'Trther with a crash, went down
<.;i tht> track and four of the other riders
shi-.t in:o them. Turville and Aaronson
A'ere th» worst hurt. Turville was thrown
over into a box and Aaronson was car
il»-<1 from the track unconscious. He was
revived a few hours -later and declared
that ho would return to the track. He
made an effort, but collapsed. He was
then taken to the hospital, where he lin
ei'red for the ten days since the race.
• Acron^on was born in Sweden twenty
five years ago and came to this country
in the nineties. He was a bricklayer and
t:m took part in bicycle races in Chicago
in 1SS7. He came East in 1SSS and rode
In the f?ix days' race at the garden in that
year, boirij? one of the minor prize win
ners. In the following January he rode
iri a six days' race in San Francisco and
took second priz^- In the eix days' race
at the gardr-n last y<»ar he entered with
O?car Julius as a partner, and after the
tenor had retired continued alone for the
individual mileage prizes, taking second
to Robert "VValthour. In 1S&S and 1K»9 he
served as a pacemaker for Kdouard Tay
lore nf Paris and Jimmy Michael at vari
ous timrs. Hp paced Major Taylor when
the latter beat Jimmy Michael In a mile
match race. In competition he was best
known in pursuit raclnp.
Tor the Past Three Years He Has
Been Prominent as a Wheelman
and Won Many
Haces.
Injuries Received in Six-Day
Bicycle Raca Prove
1 Fatal.
OSCAR AARONSON
DIES IN NEW YORK
GERTRUDE ELLIOTT IS
MARRIED TO ROBERTSON
Uniforms for Train Men.
.Alton passenger train men must in the
future wear stand-up collars and black
neckties when on duty. This style of
neckwear will be a part of the new uni
form which the company has prescribed
and which the train men can have at the
road's expense, provided they have been
with the company long enough. General
Superintendent Gray has issued a circular
announcing the details of the change. : It
is purposed to glvo two uniforms a year,
one for 'winter and one for summer. -to
every passenger train man who has been
in the employ of the company continuous
ly for ten years. One uniform yearly. will
be presented to each passenger train em
ploye who has been in continuous service
for five years.— Chicago . Times-Herald. ; *
Christmas JWasp, .magnificently illus
trated. Send to Eastern friends. On sale
everywhere.
The female compositor Is certainly a
girl of the period.
Without a Doorkeeper.
Thomas E. Watson, who was the can
didate for Vice President on the Populist
ticket in 1896, is. still before the public,
but as a historian instead of a politician,
relates the Saturday Evening Post.
A few years ago Mr. Watson Invited
"Bill Arp," Major Charles H. Smith, to
lecture in his town. . Major Smith does
not make a business.of lecturing, but he
is none the less an attractive and enter
taining speaker. All the countryside
turned out to hear "Bill Arp," and Mr.
Watson was very busy making arrange
ments. Managing a lecture was new to
Mr. Watson, and he consulted Major
Smith concerning all the details, and was
anxious that he should not forget any
thing. Everything pointed to success.
The house was filled and the lecture was
well received. But the people kept their
scats after the speaker had finished and
taken his seat, and showed no inclination
to disperse. KinaJly, when the silence be
gan to grow ominous, the audience began
to leave in groups, with an expression of
querulous amusement on their faces.
Watson was a puzzled witness to this
proceeding. Turning to Major Smith he
asked In a. hoarse whisper: "Major, did
I forget anything?"
"Yes, you forgot something, Tom," said
a man who had lingered in the hall.
"You forgot to provide a doorkeeper, and
not one of these people paid any admis
sion." -
China's Coal Fields.
China contains some of the richest' coal
deposits in the world. Last fall Professor
Drake of Tientsin, visited the coal fields
in the province of Shansi. which were ex
amined by Baron von Richthofen in 1S70,
and found that they are of Immense ex
tent. Tho coal area Is said to be greater
than that of Pennsylvania and the anthra
cite cftal alone contained In these fields
haa been estimated at 630.000,000 tons. The
Shansi coal beds are so thick and He 80
uniformly in a horizontal position that the
practicability has been suggested of run
ning long lines of railroad tunnels through
the beds so that the cars can be loaded
in the mines all ready for distant trans
portation.—Youth's Companion.
1506 Market Street.
This week, beginning to-morrow, 1001
pairs of men's calf, vicl kid, box calf,
kangaroo or* seal shoes, worth $3 60,
every pair of them, for only 51 65 a pair,
at the bankrupt shoe sale of the Califor
nia, 1506 Market street, near City Hall
avenue. •
WASHINGTON. Dec. 22.— A'general or
der recently Issued by General Mac-
Arthur, Military Governor of the Philip
pines, to the effect that, military condi
tions requiring it, the port of Boac, island
of Maxinduque. opened to the coasting
trad«^June 1. 1900. Is closed to such trade,
and all trade of whatsoever character
with eald island Is until further orders
forbidden.
Another order declares the port of Agno,
MacArthur Declares Con
ditions Made This
Necessary.
BT. PAUL, Minn., Dec. 22.— A suit in
volving several millions of dollars, the
value of the telegraph lines along the
route of the Great Northern road from
St. Paul to the Pacific coast, was decided
to-day by Judge Lochren In the Unlt<rd
States District Court in favor of tho de
fendant, the Western Union Telegraph
Company. Its Importance, however, was
not alone in the amount of money in
volved, for it was the general- understand
ing that should the railway company have
won, all the great railway systems of the
country would, at the expirations of tholr
contracts with the Western Union Te'.e
graph Company, have claimed the owner
ship of the telegraph lines along their
right of ways, and either have operated
them independently or else formed a con
solidation which -would have been a
strong competitor In the telegraphic field.
PORT OF BOAC
ORDERED CLOSED
The suit was brought by the St. Paul,
Minneapolis and Manitoba Railway Com
pany (now the Great Northern) against
the Western Union Telegraph Company
and the Nor+hwestern Telegraph Com
pany, whose lines are now controlled by
the Western Union Company. In 1S79 the
Northwestern Company built a telegraph
line along the right of way of the plain
tiff, road, and in 1SS2. 1537 miles of 'line had
been constructed. The same year the
Northwestern Company sold out to the
Western Union, the consideration being
11.800,0)0, together with a yearly rental of
$150,000 for a term of ninety-nine years.
Contracts had been entered into between
the railway company and the telegraph
company in 1879 and again in 1S82. by
which, among other things, the telegraph
company was to supply wires, poles, etc.,
and the railway company to furnish trans
portation and labor for the construc
tion of the lines, and the railway company
was to furnish the operators. The case
turns upon the construction of these con
tracts.
The plaintiff insisted that the defendant
company had no ownership in the tele
graph lines, except an Interest as a Joint
owner, and asked that the defendant be
obliged to accept the value thereof and
relinquish the lines to the Great North
ern Company.
On the other hand, tho telegraph com
pany claimed to have a clear and unmis
takable title to the property in question,
through the contracts it had acquired by
reason of its absorption of the North
western Company.' The suit has been
pending since JW7. I
The judge held that the rights of both
parties were the same at the expiration
of- the contracts as they were during the
operation of the contracts. The court al
lowed no costs in the case for either side.
province of Sembales, opened to the coast
ing trade, and details Captain Ross L.
Bush, Twenty-fifth Infantry, as Inspector
of customs at that port.
"The War Department has received the
following list of casualties In the Philip
pines from General MacArthur at Manila:
Killed— November 24; Prorista, Luzon,
Corporal Burrows. Troop D, Eleventh
Cavalry; Sergeant Bernard Baker, be
tween November 24 and r>ecember 7. Cal
bayen, Mataginao, Samar, Company H,
Twenty-ninth Infantry; Welborn Watts.
Wounded— Company M, Twenty-ninth
Infantry, Hylas K. Smiley, severely; Com
pany B, Twenty-ninth Infantry, Charles
E. Mackey, moderately; December
15, Duero, Bohul, Company H, sig
nal corps, U. S. A., Corporal Charles E.
Wilson, mortally; December 8. Antingue,
Panay, Company O. Thirty-eighth Infan
try. Martin L. Weatherman in neck, serl
oub; December 18, San Ignaclo, Luzon,
Compcny G, Forty-ninth Infantry, Musi
cian Hayes Withers, in leg above knee,
moderate; October 30. Burgasen, Panay,
Company F, Forty-fourth Infantry, Lee
¦yatt, In arm, slight; November 10, Subig,
Luzon, Company L, Twenty-fifth Infan
try, William Smith. In shoulder, slight.
OMAHA, Nebr., Dec. 22.— There were
developments- of interest to-day in the
kidnaping case of Edward Cudahy.Jr..
who was seized and forcibly carried from
a point near his home Tuesday night and
held for $26,000 ransom. The discovery
of the house in which the young man was
Imprisoned, however, has already led to
other clews which promise to develop into
something more dellnite in the near ti-
From persons living in the vicinity of
the building the police have secured a
Kood description of the members of lh«
eang and their method of operation, the
time they left the city and the direction
they started in.
Mr. Cudahy is taking personal account
of all that is being done and watching
keenly the developments. He will not talk
of the matter, however, beyond stating
his belief that the police have the matter
well in hand and will soon effect the cap
ture of part or all of the gang.
Now Have Good Description
of Members of the
Gang.
POLICE ON TRAIL
OF KIDNAPERS
NEW YORK. Dec. 22.-Mrs. Elizabeth
Lung, an attractive young woman, who
said she was the wife of a. naval officer,
told a story, of having been drugged and
robbed In a Seventh-avenue Raines* law
hotel, which raised doubts as to its accu
racy In the mind of Magistrate Zeller to
day in the Jefferson Market Police Court.
Mrs. Lung said she was visiting friends
on West Seventeenth street, and that jn
her way home Thursday evening she had
stopped at an oyster booth at Seventeenth
street and Seventh avenue and had eaten
some oysters. As she was leaving a man
spoke to her. Although he was a stran
ger, she saw no harm in accompanying
him to a saloon at the corner of Vi e=st
Twenty-fifth street and Seventh avenue.
There she had one drink ajid remembered
nothing more until she awoke in a room
over the saloon. Her fur! boa and cape,
given her by her husband, iwere gone, and
her gold cuff buttons and purse were gone
also. William Courtney, an owner of sev
eral cabs, was accused by Mrs. Lung or
having drugged and robbed her. Mr.
Ccurtney produced bankbooks in court
which showed that he had more than 17000
in different savings institutions of this
city.- He said that he had never seen Mrs.
Lung until her appearance In court, ana
denied ever having drunk with her.
As Mrs. Lung gave several conflicting
addresses, at all of which was un
known. Magistrate Zeller dismissed her
charge atralnst Mr. Courtney. .
Dispatches from San Francisco In July,
1S99 stated that Surgeon George A. Lung,
United States navy, had brought proceed
ings in divorce from his wife, who among
other things was accused of having beon
intoxicated at a Hag-raising in Honolulu
and with having created a disturbance on
board the cruiser Philadelphia, on which
Lung was stationed.
Mrs. Lung will be remembered In San
Franci3co as the former wife of Dr.
George A. Lung, surgeon of the United
States cruiser Philadelphia. Lung se
cured a divorce from the woman in this
city in November, 1S!O, on the ground of
habitual intemperance. Witnesses from
Port Royal, the Hawaiian Islands and
Norfolk navy yard and this city were
taken into court to substantiate the
plaintiff's charges. No provision for ali
mony was made, but Dr. Lung voluntarily
agreed to pay. Mrs. Lung $30 a, month as
long as she required that sum for her
maintenance.
WESTERN UNION WINS SUIT
INVOLVING SEVERAL MILLIONS
Victory for the Plaintiff Would Also Have
Precipitated Endless Litigation.
Alleged Wife of Naval Officer Tells Peculiar
* Story in a Police Court.
MRS. LUNG CLAIMS SHE
WAS DRUGGED AND ROBBED
Special Dispatch to The CalL
tj ONDON, Dec. 22.— Forbes Robert-
I son, the actor-manager, and Jtfiss
I Gertrude Elliott, sister of Maxlne
J^""^ Ellott, were married this after
noon at All Souls Church, South
ampetead. The ceremony was most
quiet. There were no bridesmaids, but the
bride was supported by Mrs. Madeline
Reilly, the playwright. Norman Forbes
was the best man. Only fifteen persons
were present. The church was artistical
ly decorated.
Maxine's Sister Be
comes the Bride of
the Popular Actor
FORBES ROBERTSON, THE ACT
OR-MANAGER, AND HIS BRIDE,
GERTRUDE ELLIOTT. •
The new Central Theater was formally i
opened last evening in a production of
David Belasco's stirring war drama, "The
Heart of Maryland." Messrs. Belasco and
Thall are to be congratulated, for the Cen
tral is one of the coziest and best ar
ranged amusement houses in the city.
The doors of the theater were thrown
open shortly after 7 o'clock, in order to
accommodate those who desired to take
In the beauties of the new theater before'
the performance beg-an. The main en
trance to the Central is not yet completed,
but when finished will embrace an elabor
ate foyer, with marble steps and hand
some mirrors on each side. On enterirsf
the theater one is at once struck by the
pleasing, comfortable appearance of the
interior. On the ground floor the whole '
space is oc-cupied by orchestral scats, with .
the exception of a broad promenade walk
twelve leet or more wide. The. second
floor is devoted to a parquet circle. There
are twelve proscenium boxes, handsomely
draped and curtained. The Interior of the
theater is decorated in cream color and
the ceillngrs are frescoed with a bold Cu r
pid design. The stage is one of the larg
est In this city and is 53 by 95 feet. The
dressing-rooms are large, neatly furnished
and, last but not least, well ventilated,
which is a rare thing in our local thea
ters.
The theater has a seating capacity of
2000, but the architect of the building took
special pains in preparing his plans to In
sure patrons a good view of the stage
from any part of the house.
On each floor there are numerous exits,
with illuminated signs over them, and in
case of an alarm of fire the house could
be emptied in an incredibly short time.
Last evening the house was taxed to
its utmost capacity and the performance
passed off without a hitch.
The large, cast necessary for the pro
duction of the big military melodrama ex
hibited most of the members of the ad
mirable stock company, which the new
theater has gathered together, and which
Includes some old favorites and many
new faces. Among the former are How
ard Hall, late leading man of the Al
cazar Theater; Clarence T. Arper, another
light orthe Alcazar; Krpest Howell, (who
has done good work there also; Stanley
Ross and George Nichols. Margaret Mar
shall is an old Morosco favorite. The other
ladles In the cast, including the leading
lady. Miss Effle Darling, are new to us,
and Miron Lefflrjgwell, an important mem
ber of the company, and also stage direc
tor is another importation.
"The Heart of Maryland" was well put
on, admirably staged, and surprisingly
well acted. The first scene "was subject
to the interruptions of a crowd which had
not learned Its way about, but the per
formance went with remarkable smooth
ness. The audience was intimately appre
ciative and sympathetic, in the good, old,
all-in-the-family fashion, and in the bel
fry scene gave curtain call after curtain
call to the actors who had won its favor.
Miss Effle Darling, who is an actress
much above the comm»n caliber of the
stock company artist, inevitably suggests
Leslie Carter in»the leading role. She has
the voice, the little tricks, almost even the
Titian locks of her predecessor, whose
three weeks at the Baldwin Theater in
the role Is still remembered. Miss Darling
has much emotional power, a. graceful
presence, a good voice, and has already
proved herself a valuable member of the
new company. Of Howard Hall it is un
necessary to say more than that his role
as the melodramatic hero. Colonel Alan
Kendrick, suits him admirably. Clarence
T. Arper has a good opportunity as the
Southern General. Hugh Kendrick, and is
most successful In" Its Interpretation.
Miron Letflngwell received an ovation for
his good work as the spy. Colonel Thorp,
and fairly reveled in the unctuous villainy
of the part.
Miss Marshall, Miss Bartlett and Miss
Waldrop were well heard in their respect
ive parts, and Charles Arthur, Louis Bel
mour, William Lee Greenleaf, Stanley
Ross, Ernest Howell, Frank Opperman,
George Nichols, Jack Morris and the rest
of the large cast all filled acceptably their
several roles.
The play was well staged and cos
tumed, and if the initial high level of the
performance Is maintained the new thea
ter should be a distinct success. The
acoustics seem to be all that can be de
sired, from any point in the large house,
which is pretty, comfortable and well
ventilated.
TTis Alhambra,
After belli? closed for five nights the
Alhambra Theater reopened last evening
with Broadhursfs "gleeful plenitude,"
"Why Smith Left Home." The theater
wks well filled and the audience had no
reasons for regret. Although the com
pany presenting the play Is not as strong
as the one seen here last season in the
Fame ¦work. It Is certainly one worthy of
support and should draw large houses for
the entire engagement. Douglas Flint, Eu
geno Redding. Gus Mortimer. Frederick
Koberta and. Frank 'Craven portray the
melo characters with finish, while Blanche
Everson, Nellie Maskell, -Bessie Bruns,
Eleanor La Salle. Ella Aubey and Lizzie
May Ulmor take good care In playing the
female roles. The entire performance
shows careful training on the part of the
Payers. ...
Vast Audience Enthuses Over David
Belasco's Stirring War Play
Replete . With Thrilling
Situations.
"The Heart of Maryland" Is
as Popular as Ever With
Play-Goers.
CENTRAL THEATER
FORMALLY OPENED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1 900.
19
To induce you to use Creme de 1-is.. the famous coemetlc, we are riving
free yearly subscriptions . to ¦ the Woman's Home Companion _ (regular* sub-
scription price, s fl 00). Drop a card UMlay for /full particulars as to how
you can get the magazine. a year for nothing. , Mention this paper and ad-
dress. E. B. HARRINGTON &. CO.. Los An&eles, Cal. SH
-'With winter comes; the trouble of keeping the skin soft and smooth.
Creme de Lis will protect It from all of winter's Ills. It softens and beauti-
fies the skin and gives it the freshness of youth. At all druggists.
THE WOMAN'S HOME COMPANION
FREE FOR A YEAR!
It's the Little Things That I>o So.
How frequently you hear people com-
plain of "only a slight case or piles," oft-
en claiming that the trouble Ls merely
temporary, induced by costivenees or sed-
entary habits.
It may be some satisfaction to console
yourself In this way, but it ls much better
to check the trouble at once. You can't
do it too soon.
In time these little rectal tumors will
grow from the size of a crape seed, until
a knot of them results as large as pigeons'
eggs.
These become Inflamed and tender to
the touch and causing Itching, stinging
and throbbing pain.
Thus the disease continues from bad to
worse, until the patient can bear the an-
noyance no longer.
The Pyramid Pile Cure Is a perfectly safe
and c«rtaln cure for piles In any of these
stages. It goes to the very source of the
trouble and drives out all Inflammation,
causing the tumors to subside and the
membranes to resume their normal,
healthy condition.
Piles lead to too many complications to
trifle with every remedy that comes alone.
People have found It pays to use a stand-
ard remedy like the Pyramid Pile Cure,
which for ten years haa been tested. In
thousands of cases.
Physicians use the Pyramid Pile Cure in
preference to surgical operations, because
they know it contains no cocaine, mor-
phine or poisonous drug, and because it ls
no longer an experiment.- - »
The Pyramid Pile Cure ls In suppository
form, to be used at nig-ht, and causes no
detention from business, ls painless and
costs but 50 cents at any drug store In the
United States and Canada. ,. * ;
MAKE LIFE MISERABLE.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THJB
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OT THE
CONTINENTAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, K* THE STATE OF NEW
York, on th« Jlst day of December, A. D.,
1899. and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Cozunfostoser of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections «10 and 811 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furctsbed by the Com-
Amount of capital stock, paid op In
c»«h n.000,000 03
ASSET3. ¦
Real Estate owned by company.. ..tl.106,350 CO
Loans on bonds and mortgages 73.710 00
Cub market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 7,400 730 00
Caah In company's office jj
Cash la banks 439,137 31
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 62.119 13
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 1.J41 47
Premiums la due coarse of col!eo- '
tlon 156,939)3
Bills receiTable, not matured, taken
for lire and marine risks ...... jog 5^ 53
Rents due and accrued 1)334 4;
Total assets P,SQ9.(6O S3
LIABILITIES. "
Losses In process of adjustment or
In suspense J2M.23 87
Loesoa resisted. Including expenses.. 34,173 qq
Gross premiums on fire risks run nine
one year or less. $2,344.69? S2; re-
insurance 50 per cent l.I72;J43 71
Gross premiums on fire risks running
more than one year. $3,253,670 77;
reinsurance pro rata X 798.987 91
Reserved for contingencies 300.000 00
All other demands against the com-
pany 1M.9M 13
Total liabilities $4,774,863 7 j
INCOME. -
Net cash actually received for Cre
premiums U, 878,078 S3
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages 4 «j n
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources 234 $93 n
received for rents 15.334 K
Total income M.2S1.13& 7S
EXPEXPITL'KES. -
Net amount raid for flre losses (In-
cluding $3Til.:78 23. losses of pre-
vious years) Jir74.1S9 n
Dividends to stockholders 250.130 so
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokers** 8W.M3 SO
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc 130. S«l S3
Paid for State, national and local
taxes H3.67S 11
All other payments and expenditures J47.538 75
Total expenditures 14.017.443 93
Losses incurred durinc tho year." ~~~
flr« • tt.34T.«32?t
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during- the
year 3S12.214.4M *4,*»,171 37
Net amount of risks
expired during the
year 472.C3.att 4.089, 489 73
Net amount in force
December M. «39 83.124.137 7.C3.IS3 t>
" F. C. MOORE. President.
E. LANNINO. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 24th
day of January. 1900. EDWARD HAIOHT.
Notary Public,
GEORGE E. KLINE, General Mgr.
Chicago. III.
J. D. MAXWELL CO., General Agt.
421 California Street.
D. W. GRAVES, State Aftent,
J. R. WILBUR. Surveyor,
Mills Building, San Francisco. Cal.
TONC F»O CHV.
jGfBtt^. Successor to Dr. LAX PO TAX.
fS&jgPgjQW^ pr3<iuate ot Caiton Medical
Knw^ivSRn Col>ge. after a very success-
«p2«arSOT ful practice of many years !rv
W* *S^y China, has located tn San
Jja- 1^ Jr^ Francisco. Thi sur?rli!n«r and
HfJJF tf marvelous cures effected by
vtejs. jr I"- 1 ™ herbs ijemon«trat« their
iBny\ poter.ee and his skill. Tne»»
herbs cure over 40 ii!fr*r»nt
Ka?^" w diseases, Ir.rladlr.? Br!?ht»
iTSsrilr^tiA' Disease. D!at«te3. Consunjp-
j "^~ 1 ¦ «r w tlon. Asthma. Paralysis. Brala.
I Xerve. Cancers. Tunjors. Blood. Male aad Fe-
rr.ali Maladies. All persons afflicted with any
kind of malady whatsoever are invited to nil.
Office. 727 Washington it. Office hours— J a.
m. to 13 m.. 1 to i p. m. : Busdays. 10 a. m. to
13 rn. Accept arrat»tul ""»i" for effectlns *
cure of aethnia of several years* standing?.
• A. DARLET. San KaiaeL
IpEBNY ROYAL PILLS
B _Orl«*»aJ a»4 Only Ceaetse.
/¦t^vx »* cHiciiiivmts ogu.su
frvWli 1 " KED "1 C.14 m*MlU tax.. m+ «t
Tn **^ *$ I>»»cenw 1«s««tsd<M( aa4 Imlt*.
I Wf s Jf tuaM tm PaVtlecIareTTesClSBMlafe
:-:_-.: ??f? j L_ TSE EM:p0B nJM. J THE gggggfgfe
Npnrlv ?000 Clprks Tn %pwp Vni; x
»[ Jewelry • Smokers' Supplies Glove Boxes J
| '". Watches Furniture Mouchoir Cases jj
|w Si verware Stationery Piano Covers N %
$ Silver Novelties Jardinieres ' Couch Covers §
K ' Cut Glass Drop Lamps Silks S
| Statuary Club Bags Dress Goods 5
* Bric-a-Brac D ess Suit Cases Ostrich Boas 5
x Chinaware Slippers iNeck Ribbons |
| Lamps B)oks Jabots *
5 California Souvenirs Gloves . Garters j»
Jf Photographs Dailies Handkerchiefs 5
£ Pictures of all kinds Curtains Hosiery g
| Toys Table Covers iWen's iNeckwear 5
| Fans Abums* Canes . :«
Sf ¦ Cigars- . MmxureSets . Gloves 5
k Pipes Sewing Outfits Whisky Flasks g
% and thousands upon thousands of other suitable presents. %
* GJnve Order II il!§^ ani "*' Wednesday >
k uwYv vr*vn^ p^^ fi >g < a <S5 ra's&oEe©aj2SAa!*.- Advertisement "5
Jf for any amount, california-s largest-America's grandest store **aivc-i iucuiwh^
ADVI^TISEMENTS.
Goes Twice as Far
as Lard or Butter!
IT IS EASILY DIGESTED AND
ALWAYS CLEAVLY, WHICH
LARD IS NOT.
Wesson's Salad Oil
is far greater value thaa the finest im-
ported olive oil 2nd has the tame Savor.
Atk your fiiendh- grocer for it and sare
good money.
BREWERS, TAKE NOTICE
PARTITION SALE UNDER ORDER OF
COURT.
The Mnehletaacn Brewery. lands and bulld-
Ir.gs a* complete for their Darpose as any Jn
the t'r.lted State*, will be sold at public auc-
tion before the Courthouse In K&R5&S City. Mo.,
en th«> id day of January. 10CL This property
If f»£=!!y worth $200,000 or more, aiid in all prob-
ability thfre will be a speculation of not less
tier. J40.O0O profit to the fortunate purchaser.
A better lix-atlon, buildings and grounds for
t>r*w-ry r-urroe^s cannot be found, and large
profits have always been made at the brewery.
Term 1-3 cash, balance In equal payments,
lr. DO* and two years, at 6 per cent per annum
interest. Purchaser has the privilege of pay-
ire as much cash above one-third as he <le-
eirea and may pay off delayed payments at
any time. Address JOHN G. UUEHLEBACH.
E311 Trary arc.. Kansas City Mo
Avtnrr OR. JORDAN'S <mucat4
ShUSEUH OF AHATOtm
T Sf The Ls»f«st totmrtai Mimiuw hiW\
ti ~s~ '<*>~. v ocia. *• rtlrnrMw «r »»» nwu»m.<t M
& »Wi3 1 bpcct&UiCB.tbi.Cc*tt CiLjlyiar*. £
A foj3K CR.JORBAH-PBUTE DISEASES j
i t tl_^£*-J Co;>M)»t«fc>o trw and strictly prirart \
£ I Tjiif H Tn men personally or bjr lener. ««
\B Jj' *J|H fm.m* CMr;taeref)rcMcnsderukca. T
/ v !i nt+ « t :• Kt b<<. raiLOsura vtf A
V i if :P* iiHiucs. MAiLsa rasa, a/
A /| ii vaiuatau book tot mm) \
!/ Sia i*.CCAS4tO..»l!Uirt*tBt.8.P. ?
CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL
SILVER
JUBILEE!
DONATION DAYS:
L December 20th,
December 21st,
December 22d,
December 24th/
Donations of money and
supplies of all kinds thank-
fully received
it 227 SDTTER STREET
(Ccslter'i Batka Worfc.)
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.,
1/EARNT AKD -WAEHINGTON* BTS.-RE-
»V modeled aad renovated. KINO, WARD &
GO. Kuropean plaa. Rooms, tOe to 11 60 oar;
U U> V week: Sf to CO mouth. Ft** baths: hot
tjxl cold m:t evary room: Cre crates In every
roan; ) clrraxor runa all ulgftU
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Special Sale of
Our larpe stock of FINE
' FUR and SEALSKIN GAR-
MENTS, MUFFS. NECK
• BOAS, SCARFS. FUR
Must Be Reduced Within ths Next (0 Days!
Best quality goods and ar-
tistic workmanship guaranteed.
Extensive connections with all
the leading fashion centers of
the world.
..AD KOCOUR..
Fashionable Manufacturing Furrier. -
Importer of Skins.
121 POST STREET
fDOX'T MISTAKE THE NUMBER).
ROOMS 7-11. OPEN EVENINGS.
DR-PIEBCE'SipjaEODY-BAKESY
Tie ,^\SSI<?v Mafts
New /0^S\ Weai
U1FG1. li*^ W \\)M Amoclernap-
By means of I OUA$i(**£ P"«">ce! It
r>r. Pierce' a Ki^Ssfi'-'if^ n11 " * he *>°*y
lidt and At- iliZ.g'jfi&L *" Ilh flectrlc-
tachmenti a ' ¦/5w<5ffS I->'. thuj glr-
powerful our- vW'CSSffi' )n Nature's
rent of elec- fifc^mSHS warmth and
trlcltymaybe J^VSj(KsI'':» strvngih to all
conveyed to (igjMfW? who use it.
any; part of F*fs Speedily cures
the body of wtiy \ rt withoutdruffs
the wearer. (19 \ i I j *nd ia aa £ood
from head to I'fl 1 » 5 for women
foot, thereby I A A \* '\ " 'or men.
Imparting I'yJ 1 '•, Price. rea-
vlra and vigor \"« I 1 sonable. No
to all weak \ B ! j "Free" or
part* end I I \'$ "Half Price"
driving: away FT**./ a \ '}.* offers made
a c h e a and *»„„ 1 '49*£ ' to 9en tblB
Pains as If w TIF" BELT. If
by magic. fJ3\ you want the
ICTOur new "Book- **«W BEST, you
let No. 3" fives full In- mu*t h a to
formation. Free at of- "Dr. Pierce" a."
flee or mailed to any address- for a 2-oer.t
stamp. Call or addrees PIERCE ELEC-
TOIC CO.. 1H5 Broadway (above Mth st>.
New York. Pacific Coart office. «0 Mar-
ket at. (opixmlte Palace Hotel). San Fran-
cisco. ' —
When writing, kindly mention th!» paper.
ftJB - ffi life 'M-^JnjTOTrcTioii against
THB SOUTHERN PACIFIC
EDWARD KANE, alias Davis, alias
Harding, a young artful man from
New York. Is In "the tanks" at
the City Prison on suspicion of
having committed quite a number
of thefts of valuable diamonds by prac
ticing the familiar "palm" trick. It la
estimated by the police that the amount
of his stealings for the past two months
will aggregate over $2000.
The police had been notified that a
thief was operating In the Jewelry stores,
but It was not till December 1 that Cap
tain Seymour got a clew as to the identity
of the thief. He went Into H. Meyers' <
diamond house on Butter street, near
Kearny, on' that day and asked to see
Bome diamonds. He did not buy any dia
monds, as they did not suit him. but after
he had left It was discovered that a dia
mond pin and a lady's diamond brooch
were missing. Meyers reported the theft
to the police and Detectives Harper and
Armstrong were detailed on the case.
Meyers waa able to give an accurate de
scription of the man who wanted to look ]
at the diamonds, and soon the detectives
became susnicious of Kane. They shad
owed him and followed him to a number
of Jewelry stores and also discovered that
he roomed at 9 Powell street. They de
tailed Policeman Mulcahey to wa.tch the
Powell-street house, and Friday night
Court Ruling That the Railway Com
pany Seems Disposed to
Ignore.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 22,-Judgo
Day In the Superior Court, to-day ren
dered his decision In the Injunction case
of John F. More against the Southern
Pacific, granting a permanent Injunction.
Some weeks ago the company began the
removal of Its tracks and fences from the
old right-of-way on the Elwood line on
the completion of the newly built short
cut along: the coast survey. When the
More ranch was reached a temporary In
junction was Issued to. prevent this re
moval. The work has not been stopped
and the Southern Pacific officials said no
attention would be paid to the Injunction.
The case came up for a hearing: this
morning and the court decided that the
fences along the old right-of-way should
not be disturbed and granted a permanent
Injunction. The case will no doubt be
carried to the Supreme Court-
Mulcahey arrested Kane and locked him
up In the tanks at the City Prison.
The detectives In the meantime had re
covered about $2000 worth of diamonds
that had been stolen and pawned by
Kane. He had operated in the stores of
Shrevo & Co^ W. A. Vanderslice and
others. From Shreve's he stole a diamond
locket valued at 115 and from Vanderslice
a diamond pin and diamond collar button,
which have been recovered and identified.
The articles stolen from Meyers have also
been identified and Captain Seymour has
a number of articles of Jewelry in his pos
session which await Identification.
Kane declares that he got all the jewel
ry from a blond* woman he met on Mar
ket street. He says he made a "mash"
and she gave him the jewelry to pawn,
as she wanted to bet on the races, where
he frequently met her. 'He knew her as
Miss Nelson, but he did not know her
surname nor where she lived. He got a
liberal dlscoont from her for pawning the
diamonds and she also gave him the pawn
tickets, which he sold, but he could not
say to whom he sold them. The detectives
say that they followed him closely for
weeks, but they never saw a woman In
his company and they do not believe his
story.
K.ane was taken to the police gallery to
be photographed, but he squirmed and
twisted so much that It took nearly an
hour before a good negative of him could
be taken. The police believe that he is not
unaccustomed to posing before the crim
inal camera.
ALLEGED CROOK CAPTURED BY THE POLICE. WHO IS BELIEVED TO
BE THE MAN "WHO HAB ROBBED SEVERAL JEWELJtY FIRMS OF
THIS CITY BY THE "PALM" TRICK.
The Police Commissioners held a con
ference with the Police Court Judges yes
terday afternoon, and with the assistance
of Mayor Phelan and Chief of Police Sui
ltvan explained their project of licensing
gramblir.g In Chinatown and putting
houses of ill fame under police Eupervi
6ior~ The meeting was executive.
At the close of the meeting Mayor Phe
lan made a statement to the representa
tive* of the press about the new move
ment srA appeared to be enthusiastic over
Its results.
The plan is as follows: All gambling
¦vrill be allowed in Chinatown, for which
the proprietors of the games must pay a
regular monthly license to the police. The
collecting of the money will be done In.
fines. About once a month the proprietor
of the gambling house will be arrested
and charged with conducting a gambling
house. His bail will be rixed at from $50
to 5100. This bail will be forfeited and In
a month's time the police will be again on
Ms trail.
Any Chinese gambling house proprietor
who elects to fight the case In the courts
will be considered outside the pale and his
house will be immediately closed by the
police.
The Police Judges 6aid yesterday both at
the meeting ana afterward to the press
representatives that should a Chinaman
be arrested and fall to appear in court
{_-.<-. the police refused to prosecute tho
case they would be powerless to act and
that the bail would be forfeited.
In the case of the houses of 111 repute
the Commissioners intend to have the pro
prietors pay a regular monthly tax. The
landladies will also be required every
month to furnish the police with a com
plete list of ail the inmates of their
houses. Thfe police think that in this way
they could eret a line on tbe women, and
that if any young girls entered the©«
houses it would be very easy to detect
them and Induce them to reform. The
idea of medical supervision has not been
i>eriously considered.
The Police Commissioners claim that In
the history of San Francisco Chinese
carnbling iias never been stopped and that
it is impossible to stop it, that tbe Chl
n«-Fe ere ignorant heathen and that if
they care to gamble the whole world is
untble to suppress them; that the China
town equad is a great expense to the city,
t:.. ; . that e\ ery time the polica raid a den
they stand a chance of being entangled-
In a big damage suit for destroying prop
erty. After due consideration they have
concluded that tho best thing that can be
done ie to let the Chinaman gamble, but
make him pay dearly for the sport
After the meeting yesterday afternoon
the Mayor had this to 6ay:
"I want you to understand that this is
no new idea, but is at present working In
b. number of the foremost cities in the
United States. Pittsburg, Minneapolis,
Cincinnati. Portland. Or.. Tacoma and
Seattle ail have adopted this way of
handling the question and it has proved
moet successful. The Chinatown squad
coets the city J30.OO0 a year. The Mon
golians are ignorant persons and it la im
possible to educate them. If they are al
lowed to gamble they will pay in fines to
thf city over IKtf.OOO annually. This money
could go toward the better equipment of
the police force or toward public im
provements. "With the dollar limit on tax
fetlon the city Is handicapped by being
rhort of funCs. If this revenue was com
ing In it would be most beneficial to the
city. In jefcard to the houses of ill fame.
If they wore licensed they would be unlor
police supervision and protection. Tho
police could then dictate where the heu«*«
rhoulrt be located and they could be gath
ered* in any part of town that the police
thoug-ht advisable. I have tpoken to a
number of the clergy on the subject and
they say that they know that this city has
many evils and that the best and wl<?e*t
means should be taken to handle th« evils,
but thet we ehould not close our eyes to
this subject and ignore It entirely."
Police Commissioners Confer
With Judges and Ex
plain Plan.
Proprietors of Fantan Games to Pay
a Monthly license, Which Will
Bring in a Large
Revenue.
CHINESE GAMBLING
MAY BE LICENSED
WILL AMEND
THE FRANCHISE
Conditions to Be Imposed
v on the Market-Street
Company. >., .
Supervisors Favor TJse of Privilege
for Two Blocks on Second and
Townsend Streets by
Other Lines.
The committee agreed with Troy in his
contention, and directed the clerk to draw
up an amended ordinance, in which the
conditions enumerated will be Incorpor
ated. The ordinance in Its amended form
will be resubmitted to the committee and
the officials of the company will be noti
fied to appear before it on Friday, Jan
uary 3, 1901. •
The second condition Is that all other
street railroad companies be allowed the
use of the tracks upon the conditions pro
vided in the charter in order to reach the
Southern Pacific terminal at Fourth and
Townsend streets. E. P. E. Troy, secre
tary of the Richmond Improvement Club,
made a strong protest against . granting
the Market Street Railway Company a
monopoly of the approaches to the depot.
He argued that in a short ..time the com
pletion of the shore line would result in
enormous travel coming in at Fourth and
Townsend streets, and it would be an in
justice to shut out other companies from
the privilege.deslred by the Market-street
company,- which already controls two of
the approaches on Third., and Fourth
streets. .^
The franchise applied for by the Market
Street Railway Company to operate a
double track on two blocks of Second and
Townaend streets to connect the
and Brannan streets lines will not be
granted without certain conditions being
Imposed on the corporation. This much
was decided On. by the Supervisors* Joint
Committee on Judiciary and Streets, to
which the application was referred for
consideration. »
The first condition to be imposed will be
that the, company will be required to keep
the pavement- on the two blocks In good
repair from curb to curb Instead of for
two feet on each side of the rails, as was
formerly the custom. These repairs must
be made under the supervision and to the
satisfaction of the Board of Public Works.
This condition was • suggested by Praun
hart- when . the matter nrst-came up be
fore the board, and was accepted. by the
committee. ' -
Every time a man's wife looks happy he
flatters himself that he is the cause of it.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
sions Granted.
Postofflce Changes and List of Pen-
WASHINGTON, Dec. 22.— Postmasters
commissioned: California— George W.
Durbrow, Salton. Washington— William
O. Gregory, Burlington. Appointed:
"Washington— E. F. Carpenter. Toledo,
Lewis County, vice F. H. Thome, re
moved.
Pensions issued to-day: California-
Original— James H. Barnwell, Los Angeles,
$6; Jacob B. Breyfogle. Salinas, $12; Har
rison F. Peacock, Hanford, $S; George O.
Merrill, Nevada City, $8. Widows— Jane
M. Watson, San Jose, $8. War with Spain
— Harry C. Payson, San Francisco. $t>.
Oregon — Original — Thomas Dobson,
Portland, $6; Andrew Rood, Heppner, $6.
Special— Sardlns D. Jenkins, Bandon. $3.
Original widows— Minors of George F.
Schmupf, Jacksonville, $16. War with
Spain— Original— John H. Wellington, St.
Helen. $10.
•Washington — Original — Augustus B.
Meller, Seattle, $6: Frederick H. Harklns,
Seattle, $12; Henry C. Parker. Kwish. $6;
Taylor Brittendall, Lopez, |6. Additional
—William Pittson, Spokane, $10.
Senator Perkins has been assured by
the Secretary of the Navy that one of the
battleships to be constructed will be
named. the California.
MORE POSITIONS
ARE ENDANGERED
Deputy Tax Collectors Fail
in the Civil Service
Examination.
Only Three of Scott's Present Force
Hi&h Enough on Eligible List
to Insure Their Beap
. ''¦;'. pointment.
The other deputies In tbe office Who are
not on the eligible list are William A. Val
let, J. F. Seyden, J. J. Cooney, A. Lewald
and F. M. J. Kelly, and their tenure of
office is in Jeopardy. Scott declines to
etate what he proposes to do In the case
of his denuties. He has notified the com
mission that he will appoint seventeen ex
perienced clerks from the eligible list an
nounced three days ago. The first three
names were certified for one position, but
no selection has yet been -made. The
eligible list for deputies follows, with the
individual percentag-es:
Richard J. Curtin 99.8, Oscar L. Tuttle
99.45. William I. Reardon 97.2, George A.
McCalvy 97, Isaac Citron 96.95, George
Varcoa 95, Edwin B. Tripp 93.2, Edwin R.
Zion 93. Frank Rittipstefn 92.2, John A.
Lenahan 92.2. Frederick H. Stahle 91.8,
Benjamin I. Salomon 91.4. Frank R. Smith
91, James B. Cowden 91, Charles II. Squire
91. Joseph K. Jones 90.S, James "W. McCabe
90.6. Charles E. .Broad 89.6,, T. Philip
O'Brien 85.8, Hiram P. Goldstein 85, Ed
ward J. Casey 83.6. Edward T. Russell
S2.45, William T. Howe 81.8. James J.
Lynch 76.8, and Joseph D. St. Clair 75.05.
If the civil service provision of the char
ter is strictly adhered to, at least twelve
deputies in Tax Collector Scott's office are
in danger of losing their positions on
January 1, 1901. The Civil Service Com
mission announced the eligible list for
those positions yesterday^ and It shows
that only three out of the fifteen 'deputies
at present employed in the office are high
enough up in percentage to Insure their
reappointment. The lucky three are Ben
I. Salomon. J. K. Jones and J. "VV. Mc-
Cabe. .Two ' others who passed, Edward
J. Casey and William T. Howe, are not
high enough. to be certificated with .the
first seventeen certificated for the fifteen
positions by the commission.
Five deputies in the office declined to
take the examination. They, are Harry
Baehr, Herman Enkle, George Fiddes, J.
H. Nelson and John G. Fltzg-erald. This
is taken as an Indication that resistance
will be made to any attempt made by the
Civil Service Commission to supplant
these five by civil service eliglbles. Scott
himself said that he would have some
thing to say when It came to a' point of
removing his deputies, but what; that
something is he declines to tell at pres
ent. .¦-.-;--..
SAN JOSE. Dec. 22.— Paul Fellonl. an
Italian, was found dead in bed on a ranch
south of town this mornlngr. Another
workman occupied the room with him but
claimed to have known nothing of Bel
loni's condition until this morning. Ac
cording to the Btory told by Belloni's com
panion, thfey retired last night after
drinking wine. In the night Bellonl'saSd
he was very sick with pains in the ab
domen. This morning: he was found dead.
Found Dead in Bed.
The most beautiful ladies' shoes ever
made will be sold to-morrow for $1 85 a
pair. Only a few words about this shoe.
Made of vlcl kid, hand turned, stylish,
coin toe. worth $3 50; sold for |1 85 at the
ehoe trust sale of the Be* Hive Shoe Com
pany. 717 Market street, near Third. •,;-•''
Have a Look at Them.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 22.— Late this evening- the
dead body of a man was found on the railway
track two miles above Los Gatos. The head
had been severed from the body, probably by
a heavily laden freight train which passed the
place about an hour before. - The man was
about 60 years of age, roughly dressed. The
Inquest will be held at Lx>s Gatoe to-morrow.
JEWELRY THIEF FALLS
INTO HANDS OF THE POLICE
Arrest of Edward Kane for Playing the
"Palm" Trick With Success.
g^ THE SAN FRANCISOO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 23; 1900.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 22— The body of an
unknown man was found In tbe : Coyote
River, near San Jo«e, to-day. Clrcum-
Btances Indicate euidde. , The body,
which was in about four feet of water, la
thafof a well-dressed, middle-agred man,
with a beard. A sold watch.. considerable
silver and a railroad ticket to Santa" Cruz
were found In the pockets.
Suicide's Body Found.
*; JOSEPH FIGEL, MERCHANT:-TAI
: LOR. The latest ¦ styles to select - from.
Suits from 120 upward. Overcoats, . fancy
vesta, eta. at greatly reduced prices. Sec
ond floor Flood Bldg.. Fourth and Market*
- Virtue eventually r. manages - to Mt : the
laush oo thoae who throw mud at a«r.
Chinatown is In the delights of a grand
celebration and punksticks and firecrack
ers are the order of the day.
Yesterday was a red-letter day in the
Oriental quarter, for "Quon Fu Gee," the
powerful Joss of tie Sam Yup Society,
was honored in the new quarters of the
society at 929 Dupont street. More than
$40,000 was expended in fitting up the place
and the value of the decorations and
furniture is estimated at J150.000.
A. walk through the new Josshouso and
headquarters is like a realization of a
page from the "Arabian Nights," for on
all sides the visitor is surrounded by the
most expensive articles dear to the sons
of Confucius. The walls are adorned with
rich silk curtains, with designs worked in
gold and silver threads. Sliver and gold
ornaments worth a. kind's ransom- are
filled with flowers on the altar In front of
the mighty "Quon Fu Gee." The richest
fruits In the market are spread before the
loss, and the Sam Yup Society is burning
hundreds of dollars' worth of sandal-wood
in honor of the Joes and bis new home.
Furniture of valuable woods Is scattered
through tho many rooms; electrio lights
blase from all points of the building;
rlohly burnished spears are stacked
against the walls; beautifully carved lan
terns hang from the ceilings, and the
shimmer of the lights is reflected in the
handsome stained glass windows. The
top floor of the building is devoted to the
"Josshouse" and members' rooms, while
the first floor is taken up with lounging
rooms, smoking rooms and offices.
. - Commencing at midnight Thursday the
Sam Yups grathered together j to honor
their Joss. A great fusilade of firecrack
ers continued all night and all yesterday
until evening.
The high officials of the Six Companies
met at their headquarters yesterday and
marched in procession to tha new Sara
Yup quarters to pay their respects. In
the morning Consul How Yow, who is a
Sam Yup man, opened the Josshouse, wlm
the assistance of sixty priests dressed
in colored gowns. A Chinese orches
tra started in to play on Thursday
night and will not cease until to-morrow
morning. Thousands of Sam Yuns-vis
ited the new quarters and . Joy , reigns In
the hearts of the ten thousand members
of tho "society, which comprises the best
element in Chinatown. Tha lobbies of the
building are covered with the- red paper
ellps used by the Chinese for business
purposes. Each slip represents a member
of the Sam Yup Society and beam his
name, clan, residence and the amount of
his donation to the fund of the society.
Consul General How. Yow heads '¦ the list
with $500, similar eums being donated by
the merchants, whllo the rank and file
came to the front with sums ranging from
$25 to $2. ¦ .
Powerful Sam Yup Society
Moves Into Elaborate
Headquarters.
"QUON FU GEE"
IN NEW HOME
6EATTLE, Dec 22.— The Coroner to-day
ascertained the true name of "William Burke,
who died on Friday as the result of a knife
wound received In a saloon here nearlr a week
«Lfro, probably -was F". Connelly, formerly of
Omaha, Is'ebr. Burke, or Connelly, refused to
tell the name of his assailant and died with
out divulging the secret.
Have you 6een the Christmas "Wasp?
Finest illustrations published. Take it
borne. Price 25c.
rVRA-KTO JTJBY INDICTS
TWO CHICO CITIZENS
Attorney Stllson and K Diller Placed
Under Arrest on Serious
Charges.
CHICO. Dec 22.-On Indictments by the
Grand Jury. Attorney C. L. Stllson and
Xi. Diller were. to-nigtit placed under ar
rest. Stllson is charged with conceal
ment of public documents and Diller with
obtaining: money under false pretenses.
Both men are old residents of Butte
County. For four consecutive terme
Ellison was County Clerk of Butte
County. Diller has been a prominent real
estate dealer and insurance agent In
Chico for twenty-five years.
Buss Its Stockholders.
UKIAH, Dec. 22.-The Randall Banking
Company, Insolvent, which recently sold
most of Its assets, chiefly timber lands,
tcr $50,000 to Attorney Ernest Sevler, has
taken cteps to gather in the stray ends
cf Its remaining assets. To-day suit was
brought in the name of the corporation
against stockholders to recover unpaid
subscriptions to the capital stock. Suits
•were instituted against D. S. Newell for
SSOO. ex-Mayor Evans for $1000. David S.
.Armstrong for J1000 and C. and E. C.
Mowry for $500. The depositors have re
elized about 70 per cent up to the present
tim»
20
,*j)VEB.TISE3SOINTS.
Why the Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow
Beneath the Sun— IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic St. James Treatment
Applied Locally and DirecUy to the Affected Parts.
t* ' W« answer th« ques- Q4-fir>t-i««*A
tlons briefly. If you OirlCLUre
cut an artery ia In 16 days, without pain, Injury or tncon-
your arm you do venlence. Tho bougie* axe Inserted at
not taka internal night and act while you sleep. "Ora.n-
medidne to etop tho Solvent" removes every symptom of
™ of T^l? od / Y ?£ * trl cture. leaving tba canal is htilthy
LBS LOCAL AP- as when nature formed It. NO BRUTAL
PLICATION'S. Blia- CUTTttCa OR DI LATINO. NO IN JTK^
iliarly when tho ure- TION6 TO IRRITATE THE MEM-
thral ducts become BRANTS. NO INTERNAL DRUGGING
weakened and re- TO RUIN THB STOMACH. The St
lax«d It Is rifllcu- James treatment Is local, direct and posl-
. lou« to taie internal tlva.
treatment, which mutt pass through the ~ VsirtfooM**
•tenmefa and urine before tt reaches tot TaiitOlrClCt
££ ffc/!.1?.?f«?t* Bt , m . ! u al «"«¦ ProJ*ct Varicocele Is an accumulation of slug-
;2^^i!« U / e i«7l^^ l I f hrOUe^ h l P r < K- #* h blood ln th ° v « ! «» of the scrotum,
£tr. iJ^£ T J££i *\ T- X h * L?*? 1 ** «¦***- h*» "• orlpHn In a diseased and torpid
£££ *i«r?St?^S?«J7fc * ,VF of - cra r > ?,"' Pr0Bta <e Q'and. Operations In this dls-
I$T».F L17\ °« ' &S ",'• M £ w " lljr **•« **• only Umporary, and no m«-
«..«£. fC £,5£? Inserted into tha wetar chanlcal device yet dlscovired has curtd
paster* M nifht, wher« th«jr -dlssolv* a ?tcgle case. Gran-Solvent heala tha
K? «fe°!?JL »«<Uc«uloa la It. full ProsTit* and festorei healthy delation
•tr«a«ta upon tbe Varlcocelo disappears and the sluggish
Prostate Gland, u T aced by pure ' healthJV
Contracting and •trenjrthentnjr the ducts. >19.S4G men strictured. weak, wasting and
roitEVER STOPPING drain* and emls- despondent were cured and restored by
a r^^ l . n *-v h^ t t e , pat in nt El rPf- * h * St. James metboTlaSt yw7. A vit
Dr. Carter s Gran-Solvent soluble army of men In whom the Hrht «f iif*
Bougies wuTaissolT.. dl ff .*t aad former
remove wrwtarai • stricture and seminal decay.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Space will not permit a complete description of the incompar- rmm a^ - shi ——
«uble EL James treatment In urethal diseases. Every sufferer W^ Wm '<¦ Hi r
from Stricture and Its offspring:, Prostatitls and Seminal Weak- ft ft n M II
r.ess, should Tvrite to the St. James Association. N. W. cor. Fifth Bn tpt& Rg Rn
and E!rn streets. Cincinnati, Ohio, for their wonderful illustrated Bf" BtYk Pj !f^
¦work showing 1 the parts of the human system Involved In urethal H tl || H U
cilmerjts, which they will send securely- wrapped in plain pack- Eg B fl la t»gj
e-S"e, prepaid . mmm -
If OMB TREATMENT *** SS^SlfS it^JS^
St. James Assn., 250 Elm St., Cincinnati, O.
03e©©oeceeae9eo©G©$)©5©®0o$eo0e3©e©OQ©o©®ec$$G
• *»
£1 '¦ ¦ " -V -^ ;
© '"'' - ©
0 ..-¦• • ' o
• o
® ' , , '.p
© , December 24th. §
© Never have holiday buyers been. offered' the MONEY- ©
g SAVING OPPORTUNITY that v/e present this week, as' g
J -we begin our great semi-annual clearance MONDAY, De- '9
© cember 24th, with some of the MOST ASTOUNDING cuts §
& in prices ever quoted on first-class, seasonable goods. S
% As it would be; impossible to enumerate the numberless ©
• bargains offered, we cordially ; invite all to call and see for v O
©themselves our magnificent array of rare and exclusive;©
© styles and novelties, all offered for immediate clearance. 2
•¦ ; ¦¦ v ' : / • • ¦•
S TAILOR-MADE SUITS MARKED DOWN. §
1 TAILOR-MADE TACKETS MARKED DOWN g
g . LADIES' ...GOLF. GAPES MARKED DOWN. 2
g LADIES' GOLF SKIRTS MARKED DOWN ©
I LADIES' SILK SKIRTS MARKED DOWN. g
I LADIES' SILK WAISTS MARKED DOWN ®
g -MISSES'* JACKETS MARKED DOWN. ©
© AUTOMOBILE; JACKETS MARKED DOWN §
• "LEATHER BOAS MARKED DOWN. g
S FUR COLLARETTES MARKED DOWN ©
S FUR CAPES MARKED DOWN •
• BLACK AND -COLORED DRESS GOODS MARKED S
1 DOWN. . g
9 ¦ ,>£ v 'vJ____ — __ — _. — _ — ¦¦- • • • -. ®
2 y We are a strictly one-price house. : Suits made to order. •
• :; Perfect fit -guaranteed. . %
8 iffi&SST' Store open evenings duping g
5 ip^ holiday season. ©
I '<'.:„¦¦•-",¦ '* zV-.;. ; :C" ',.-•¦. ;'-¦¦• I
I 1142=1146 Market Street. f
STATEMENT
— ¦ OF THE——
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THB
NORTHERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, on the 31st day of
December. A. D. 1899, and for the year
endins on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner ot the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and til
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up I
in Cash S1.S00.009 CO
ASSETS. "
Real Estate owned by Company.... $2,113,533 44
Loans on Bonds and Mortsagres 1.517.638 SI
Cash Market Value of all 'Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.... 13,443.235 V
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.... 2.CT3.394 50
Cash In Company's Office 8,92t> 33
Cash in Banks 712,151 13
Intereft due and accrued on all
Stocks and Leans 277.6(0 10
Due from other companies and from
agents a 975.400 53
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion :. 112,738 21
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 1M.383 19
Rents due and accrued 5.922 98
Stumps -- .... 1,334 23
Reversions owned absolutely by the
¦ Company : 1.6S8.653 85
Total Assets _ S2S.612.12l 1*
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid ' .
LoBkes in process of Adjustment
or In Sui:«nii $117.3415*
Losses resisted. Including: ex-
penses .
GrcEs premiums on Fire Risks
runnlnu one year or less, $
reinsurance £0 per cent
Groes premiums on Fire Risks 1.771,975 92
running more than one year,
$ , reinsurance pro-
rata •
Liability under Ufe Department .... ia,S83.r« a
Bills payable 86.990 09
Cash dividends remalnlnr unpaid... 13.74* 23
All other demands against the
Company W.307 08
Total Liabilities $21,403,746 W
INCOME. ~
Net cash, actually received for Fire
premiums $3,545,951 M
Net cash actually received for Life
premiums 1.231.533 il
Received for. interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources »44,C« 00
Received for Rents 47.418 81
Received for sale of Annuities 416.814 M
Total Income *8,243.St3 21
EXPEXDITURE& ~ — ~
Net amount patd for Fire Losses
<tr.clu<l!nc * . losses of pre-
vious years) S1.9SS.20S 69
Net amount • paid for Life Losses
(including J- , loss of previous
years) • 1.109.91171
Dividends to Stockholders 445.(35 00
Paid or allowed for Commission - or
Brokerage 677,734 5fl
Paid for . Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 721.834 41
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes K.557 »4
All other payments and expendi-
tures • M4.K8 41
Total Expenditures ts.iO9.iJ7 73
Losses Incurred durlna* the year.... J2.018.1C8 71
Rleks and Premiums. Fir* Risks. Premiums. .
Net 1 amount ''of : Risks
written during . • the
year H.154.W7.159 J3.545.151 S3
Net - amount of Risks
expired during the
year 1,115.143.9)3 3,454.(1413'
Net amount In force
December 31. 189> . 769.W1.439 t.363.987 q
¦• H. J. LUBBOCK,- Chalrmaar"
. H. E. WILSON. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 5th
day ot April. 1M0L ,r.», X
C. J. 'WATTS. Notary .Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
221 SANSOMB ST.,
. .SAN FRANCISCO.
GEO. F. GRANT, Manager.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
py THE
London Assurance
CORPORATION
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, on the Uat d*y of
December. A. D. 1399, and for t&« /ear
ending on that day, as made to tho Insar&ac*
Commissioner of the Stats of California, pur-
buar.t to the proTlwlons of section* CO and CU
of the Political Coda, condensed ma p«r blank
furnished by tha Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company. Jl.na.9M U
Cash In Company's Offlca. ............ 1.SSS M
Cash In Banks 132.(23 19
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans BJS) SI
Premiums in due Coarse of Collection 137.SO M
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Klalcs tl 73
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid... 13, TM SI
Total Asset* _ tt.341.06a 71
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid.... 123,191 a
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 1M.S4J IT
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 13.ua i*
Gross premiums on Fire Rlaiu run-
ning one year cr less, $539. CS 61; re-
insurance 60 per cent 2TJ.71J U
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $881,457 U:
reinsurance pro rata iin.ifT IS
Gross premiums on Marina and In-
land Navigation Risks. I ; re-
Insurance 100 per cent LIU O
Gross premiums on Marina Tlras
Risks. S— — ; reinsurance 50 par
cent 23.44S41
Amount reclalmable by tha Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance Poli-
cies 174 U
All other demands asalnst tae> Com-
pany _ .M.0S3 e
Total Liabilities ....~J....""tftl t tt4 4t
INCOME. "
Net cash actually received for Fir*
premiums $01,(8 tt
Ntt cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums Z3S.B0 14
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, t^>»t,« and from
all other sources S7.CT1 R
Total Income tl.K4.vn St
expend mrRjrs.
Net amount raid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $ , losses of previous
years) $5«X4S1 SO
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including I . losses of previous
years) J51.573 U
Patd or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 113.83 24
Patd for Salaries. Fees - and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc.... S3. 743 15
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 43.524 M
All other payments and expenditures 10. C4 st
Total Expenditures .O.M1.130 t?
Losses Incurred during- tha year 1713.113 04
Risks and Premiums. Fir* Risks. Prsmlums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ms, 721. 440 $374,337 C9
Net amount of Risk*
expired during tha
year nS.Ml.T42 »33.137 M
Net amount In force
December 81. 1S99 lM.g4.SS3 1. 40.060 XX
RUka and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of Rtsk« "
written during the
year UIO.ITLBO nunn
Net amount of Risks •••».¦» »
expired during the
rear lll.S37.S3S SK.431 58
Net • amount In force ••».»** »»
December 31. 1S39 4.08.718 Z9.C3 07
CHARLES L. CASE. U. 8. Manager
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Z«tl»
day of January. 1900.
EMIL FREXKEL. Xotary Public \
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
221 SANSOME ST.,
8 AN FRANCISCO.
GEO. F. GRANT, Managsf.
'¦r t
Jewelry, Watches, Docks, < Albums, Manicure
Scarfpins, Brooches, Sets, Work Boxes,
Rings, Opera-glasses, Dressing Cases,
Hair Ornaments, Shaving Sets,
Sterling Silver Novelties, Collar and Cuff
\ Brushes and Mirrors, Boxes, Books,
Celluloid Novelties, Toys, Footballs,
Leather Goods, Baseballs, Wagons*
Fine Stationery, Coasters, Games,
Athletic Goods, Dolls, Knives,
Razors, Carving Sets, Chairs, Canes,
Silk Mufflers, Umbrellas, etc
Suspenders, Ties,
Customers Out of the City Will Please
Remember That
WE DELIVER FREE TO
Alameda Haywards San Ansetaw
. Antioch Xapa San Lorenzo
Berkeley Melrose . San Leandro
Blythedalo Mill Valley Stockton
Belvedere Oakland * Tiburon
Benicia Petaluma .¦ Temescal
Fruitvale Sausalito Vallejo
San Rafael
ra i ; k
-r^
818-82O Market Street, San Francisco.Xmas Presents at Berwin & Gassner' a.
For furs Iadie6 should go to Berwin &
Gassner, as this firm makes every, gar
ment from the best fur skins. •
Feny-Boat Wrecked.
COVELO, Dec 22.— The large ferryboat
on Eel River, at the crossing of the'Ukiah
¦wag-on road, was ' to-day carried " away.
WOODLAND. Dec. 22.— The holiday sea
son will witness an unusual number cf
weddings In which cne or both contract
ing parties are Woodland people.
Professor William B. Hyman of Wood
land will be married to Miss Gertrude
Wache of Oakland on Sunday at noon.
J. E. Gabbart, late of Texan, and Miss
Mae Cummins of this city will be mar
ried on Sunday morning at the residence
of the parents of the bride.
Miss Laura Simpson of this city and V.
Cramer of Cacneville will be married on
Christmas morning.
E. F. Jobson and Miss Susie Hutchin-
Eon. both of this city, will be married on
Christmas evening.
Miss Nellie Griffln and Oscax "WTiIte
houee, both of this city, will be married
on Wednesday morning. December 26.
Teachers Elect Officers.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 22,-The Southern
California Teachers* Association listened
to addresses by Superintendents Thomas
J. Kirk and G. M. Greenwood this morn
ing, after which It concluded Its labors
by electing the following officers: L. B.
A very. Redlanda, president: Edward
Hyatt, Riverside, first vice president; Mlsa
Rich, Santa Barbara, second vice presi
dent; F. W. Guthrie, Redondo. secretary;
F. A- Bou*lle, Los Angeles, financial sec
retary; E. P. Rowell Los Angeles, treas
urer; C. A. Kunon, Los Angel**, railroad
secretary^
Five Couples to Be United in Mar
riage During the Present
Week.
CTJPIB'S BUSY HOLIDAY
SEASON AT WOODLAUD
An Indian known as Tommy was on
trial for having threatened the life of a
man whom he claimed had defrauded him
out of $1. The fellow had promised Tommy
that if the latter left Jl m a certain spot
he would receive in exchange a bottle of
whisky. Tommy deposited his dollar, and
later when he went to get the whisky he
found neither the coin nor the bottle.
Then he sought out the man who had
cheated him and tried to shoot him. The
pistol snapped and bystanders disarmed
the Indian.
The case had gone to the jury, and the
twelve men. in doubt as to a portion of
the evidence, came into court to have It
reread to them. Mr. Spencer, as attorney
for the defense, interrupted the reading
several times and tinally the court threat
ened to commit him for contempt.
Tnis aroused the Ire of the old lawyer.
In forcible language he declared he had
lived In Susanville forty years, that he
had ntver bt-en in Jail and>never expected
to be, and there were not enough men in
town to put him behind the bars. Then
the Judge ordered the Sheriff to imprison
Spencer. The lawyer wielded his cane
lustily, ar.d it took the combined efforts
of three men to put him under lock and
key. Kach of the three showed marks of
the encounter. After the attorney had
b**"n In prison one hour the court relented
and restored him to freedom.
Judge Kelly and Attorney Spencer have
been enemies for some time. A year ago
they came to blows in the Judge's cham
bers and for some time thereafter the at
torney was debarred from legal practice.
It Is feared that the feud may lead to a
more serious claBh between the two. ' *
EUSANVILLE, Dec 22.-Hon. E. V.
Spencer spent one hour In the county Jail
yesterday. His Incarceration was the re
sult of" an exciting episode in Superior
Judge Kelly's court. Mr. Spencer was
sentenced to twenty-four hours" impris
onment for contempt, but before the edict
of the court could be carried into effect
he gave the Sheriff and two assisting of
ficers a lively time.
"Wields His Cane Vigorously in an
Effort to Prevent His IncarciT
ation by the Sheriff and
Deputies.
Hon. E. V. Spencer Gets Into
Contempt of Court at
Susanville.
SPENDS AN HOUR
IN COUNTY JAIL
SAN JOSE. Dec. 22.— Four children
cf Conrad Rueff. a dairyman, per
ished this morning in a fire that
destroyed their home; two others
were badly burned, one perhaps
seriously, and the father's hands were
blistered by the- flames. The mother. In
delicate health, with a three we»ks old
babe in her arms, was rescued through
a window. The house, an old landmark,
of wood lined with cloth. 6"urned like a
tinderbox, acd that the mother, the babe
and the two other children were saved
was due to the heroic efforts of the hus
band and William Valdez, & hired man.
Rueff. who had come from Germany
about eight months ago, conducted the
Golden West Dairy, at the corner of Al
vlso road and Hamline street, two miles
north of San Jose. A few days ego he
diFpo«ed of the dairy to ills brother. Carl
Rueff, and the family was preparing to
go back to Germany after the holidays.
For some time Mrs. Rueff has been in
delicate health, and a fire has been kept
in the stove most of the night. The stove
pipe passed through the cloth ceiling, and
It was in this point of contact the flre
started.
Rueff and his hired man arise shortly
before 3 o'clock ever}' morning to milk
the cows. This morning they were a little
Buy the Christmas Wasp — send to East
ern friends. m Handsomely illustrated. Sold
everywhere.
Mrs. Rueff. who was the second wife of
her husband, was the stepmother of all
the children except the babe. She is at
the home of her brother's sister and 1»
prostrated by grief. Louis and Mary are
at the O'Connor Sanitarium. The boy Is
not very badly burned, but the girl may
die. All of the children were born In Ger
many, where their mother died two years
aeo. i
the new County Jail is at a standstill.
Nine stonecutters and several teamsters
and quarrymen assembled «t 3 o'clock
this afternoon to draw their wages, but
were unable to get a cent. They had
agreed to quit work if they were not paid
to-day. Two installments have been paid
to Contractor John Goggio. aggregating
$1300, but during the ten weeks his men
have worked on th» building- and a longer
time at the quarries they have received
nothing. It was understood when the
men quit to-day that if they were paid
in full before Christmas they would re
turn to work after the holidays.
The four children that were burned to
death were: Carl, aged 10: Katie, aged
9; Barbara, aged 7, and Conrad, aged 6.
They were probably suffocated and never
awakened to realize the horrible death
that was upon them. All occupied one
bed. and side by side the charred remains
were found on a wire mattress. A chim
ney had toppled over upon them. The
bodies were burned beyond recognition.
Coroner Kell was notified and the re
mains were removed to the Morgue. This
afternoon an Inquest was held, and a ver
dict of death by accidental burning ren
dered. The story of the fire and the loss
of life was told at the inquest by William
Valdez, the hired man. who was the only
material witness.
death. Valdez grabbed him and dragged
him back, but not before he wa* badly
burned about the hands. By this time
neighbors were on the scene, and It took
the efforts of several men to restrain the
father from rushing to his death in the
effort to save his children.
In less than twenty minutes the house,
had been consumed. \ and nothing re
mained but a smoldering 1 pile of ashes.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 22.— Work on
Come Along.
Do not delay. This week the greatest
shoe bargains In the world. You can wear
good and stylish shoes ¦ by buying them
right in the right place. $3 shoes for men
and women to-morrow for '1 35 a pair. At
the assignee shoe sale of the Boston, 775
Market street, near Fourth. •
Workmen Darnand Their Pay.
The heavy rains of the last week had
raised the water so high that It was im
possible to hold the boat. The cable broke
and the boat went down stream and be
came a total wreck. This closes this road
and all travel will be compelled to go by
way of Laytonville.
The others could not be awakened and
the flames drove Valdea from the window.
He then went around to the front of the
house. Here Rueff. In a state of frenzy,
was trying to get his wife out. The win.
dow of her room on the northeast side
was broken In. and finally the woman,
with the infant in her arms, was rescued.
Rueff then tried to enter the front door
to get to the other children. He broke
the door In and was about to enter the
seething furnace, which meant instant
late. The men had been milking but a
few minutes, when the screams of Mrs.
Rueff called them from the barn. They
found the kitchen ablaze, with flames
bursting from the roof and window. A
rush was made for the kitchen door, but
the fire drove them back. An attempt wis
then made to arouse the children. RuenT
rushed around to the front of the house
looking for his wife, while Valdez went
to the window of the room occupied by
the children. Here the six little ones were
sleeping, four of the youngest in one bed
and two in another couch. He broke the
window In. The room was full of smoke
and the flames could be seen eating their
way through the paper-like partitions.
The smoke had evidently rendered the
youngest unconscious.
Valdez succeeded in rousing Mary, aged
12. and Louis, aged 13, and these ho
dragged through the window. The girl
was badly burned about the hands, face
and back and her recovery Is doubtful.
Louis' ha,nds were burned* and hi? face
scorched.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Conrad Rueff Saves His Wife and Three-Weeks-Oid Babe and Is
Restrained by Neighbors From Rushing Back to His Death.
MR. AND MBS. CONRAD RTJEFT AND THEIR CHILDREN.' FOVR OF WHOM MET DEATH IN THE FIRE THAT
DESTROYED THEIR HOME. MRS. RUEFF AND HER INFANT CHILD HAD A NARROW ESCAPE AND
THE SURVIVING CHILDREN WERE BADLY BURNED.
I — Carl RuffT (dead). I— The grandmother, living in Germany. 3 — Conrad RuefL 4 — Mrs. Rutff. 3 — Mary Rueff. fatally burned. 6— Louis
Rueff. badly burned. S, 9 and Ifr-B&rbara, Cbnrad and Katie. Rueff (dead).
Higgins will be examined by the Lunacy
Commission on Monday. The exhumed
bodies were reinteired this evening in
Calvary Cemetery.
M.-s. Higgir.s owned four hundred acres
cf grazing land in Cold Water C.-xi'on.
Tfce place is Isolated, and had not the
murderer confessed his crime might never
have been known. *
"They kept talking to me." he said,
"and 1 could net sleep, so I just. Ifot up
and killed them with the ax. The man
who impersonated my mother was the
worst. He bep^ed me not to kill him. He
faid. 'Eddie. Kddie. you know you should
not do it!" I said. "You are. the man who
has taken my mother away." Just as I
had the ax up to hit him he cried again
and started to g*t up. Then I hit him and
tplit open his head. Tie other man I
¦at at Immediately and I had to kill
him. too."
In the County Jail Higgins spoke freely
cf the murders. He is undoubtedly in
sane.
This corning Coroner Hoiiand and Sher
iff HsEcnel had the bodies unearthed.
Xelshbors and others present constituted
the Coroners jury. The verdict was thai
the <Jeeea5«Hl had ccme to their death at
the hands of the confessed murderer, and
the recommendation was made that Hig
gles be promptly g-iren in charge of the
L-Tinacv Commissioners.
W. &. Harrison, a brother-in-law of
Higgins, testified that upon previous oc
casions Higgins had threatened to kill his
mother: ""Buly." the ranch employe: him
self, and neighbors. Some of the neigh
bors corroborated these statements.
Hlg^ins treated the whole affair as a
matter of course.. Xtti the chickens and
did his ranch chores. For more than ten
days he rema.ir.ed upon the ranch and
¦when nearly two wedts later he visited
Sheriff HamsKi to confide in him the
crimes he had committed, his only feeling
of remorse was thai the bodies were not
Interred with Christian rites.
Hifgins next cartel Ehwhan's body to
the noie and threw tt face downward.
With a broken Made he tilled In "the
graves with earth anl debris to the depth
of between two and four feet> The boaies
were placed feet to feet.
Special Dlsj>atch to The CaJL
LOS AJCGELES. Dec. 22.— Investigation
fo!!oTir.g.;he confession made by Edwin
V. H:g?ine. the double murderer, provtd
conclusively te-da> the truth of all the
terrible derails of . the story he told to
Sheriff Hamxael. I'rsz'.-e murdered his
mother end & ranch employe. WfltUm
Shechan. by crushing their skuiis with ail
ex. Then, with then bodies in the sam<
house, he slept for iwo nights.
T..o tnurderf wc»r^ oc«*init*e<i on ih?
nioriur.tr of I>t ceraboi- ... '1 he insane maa
afterward dragged the bodies from the
hoiiie end. uting a *ied. hau:ed them to
a hole he had n^adc in what was known
on «he mountain ranch ,.*¦ "the potato
patch." This was n Hundred yard? from
the house. Into the pit the reniair.s cf
the mother, rcted only in a nightgown.
¦acre ihivwn. Upon ncr bcdy he piled
f.i grots iw an .itt-mpt to incinerate it.
la ih;s he was no: tuccesFfui and earth
was tciora jn upon the smoldering em
bers.
the Insan.3 Asian's Mother
and Aged William
Eheebaa.
Uncovers the Mangled Remains of
Los Angeles Coroner Proves
the Truth of Higgins'
Confession
FINDS BODIES
OF A MANIAC'S
TWO VICTIMS
FIRE DESTROYS A DAIRYMAN'S HOME
NEAR SAN JOSE AND FOUR SLEEPING
CHILDREN PERISH IN THE FLAMES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1900.
21
Ladies' Kid Gloves
The gloves handled by u? are ail made in theTery
latest style, with the proper button clasp, fit properly, and,
what is more important than all, they wear well. These
gloves are imported bv us direct from the manufacturers
in large quantities, and we are therefore able to sell them
at .a price far below that charged by other retailers.
Ladies' Columbia Kid Glove? $1.OO
Misses* Columbia Kid Gloves - SC»<?
Ladies* Waldorf Pique Walking Gloves.- 1.25
Misses' Waldorf Pique Walking Gloves LOO
Ladies' Peerless Fine Kid Gloves — l.SO
A new shipment of these gloves has just arrived. Every
pair guaranteed and fitted at the counter. We issue giove or-
ders for any amount. By presenting your friends with one
of these orders they can exchange them for gloves at our
counter. This makes the presenting of a pair of gloves
very simple, doing away with the annoyance of ex-
changing, etc.
Silk Wa r sts, $500 1 Twilled Flannel
piaffe of imperial Peau de Soie WaiStS. $1.50
Silk, in all the latest siv'es. elabor- Ladies* all-"woo! twil'ed flannel
ately tucked and hemstitched, with j Waists, made in the verv latest
new Bishop sleeve and cuff: ail j styles: tucked iron: and back,
colors. This is one of the best ! Bishop sleeve and cuff, in white
waists ever offered at the price. ! and black and all desirable colors.
Our Price $5.00 i \** *»*3 vve have yet shOiVn 2t
Finer grades at $7oO to $10.00. , tR1S Pil ~ Special 82.50
CrOChet Worsted Other novel styles $300. $3.50,
Shawl--. 85c f» "> «3-"»**»
. ir . . , t . . Umbrellas.
Special at OOC which are splendid values for the
Excellent grades also at $1.75. PS^^fcVn a~' n n «* mi
Sinn 1?1.S.». .>2..»O, 9«».*»O. 94. OO.
5200, s-> 0 o and s.?.oa . %r>.oo f G.00 sr.no *s.oo.
Ostrich Feather Boas. *o.o© and sio.oo.
These boas are far superiors I Sofa PlllOWf?, Etc.
those usually sold: thev are full Hand embroidered Sofa Pillow?,
and well selected and come in nat- j Handkerchief and Glnnre Cases at
ural gray, slate, black and white greatly reduced prices in order to
and black; in all the various ' close out balance of this class of
lengths, at popular prices. 1 groods novr in stock.
Handkerchiefs & Neckwear.
1 Ladies' Hemstitched Initial Ladie3* Black Libertv Silk Neck
Lawn Handkerchiefs, box of six RufTs, very fine, special at
50c $1.2r». $1.50 and $2.25
Same of pure linen, box of six Finer grades $3.0O.
.SI. OO $3.50.JM.0O, 5^4.50 and $G.OO
Same, pure linen, finer grades. Gentlemen's Black Sarah Silk
box of six §l.oO Muffler? and Reefer?, fine quality.
Gentlemen's Hemstitched Lawn hemstitched. 24 inches wide. *oeci3l
Initial Handkerchiefs, box of six
75c Others at £1.2r>. $2.0O,
Ladies' Embroidered Handker- 1 $2.50 and $.°..OO.
chiefs, fine qualities, choice stvle. j Same, handsotr.elv embroidered
each, 1214c, 1.1c, USc. 35c. j ends 92.5O to S5.OO
50c, 75c, 91*00 and $1.50. All the latest novelties in Ladies"
Fine Duchess Lace Handker- j Belts, including those with brass
chiefs, beautiful designs, each ..ribbon ends: also latest ?tyle3 in
?1 .OO to §o.OO i Beaded Purses, Chatelaine Bacs in
Ladies' Fine Embroidered | black and colors. Leather Bags.
Handkerchiefs, per fancy box of Purses. Pocket-books, etc.. at oop-
six ?1.OO and $1.23 1 ular prices. We letter all Leather
Ladies* Colored Neckwear, new ; Goods costing: $1.00 and over with
and novel styles 50c to $5.00 • name free of charge.
Store open evenings until Christmas.
Stamping Free on all Go ds 'Bought of us to b: embroidered.
Lessens given in embrciderv. Fne delivery in city and biv tyxns.
- "" »
RTATR /VIF^IVT UNITED STATES BBANCH.
_of the— STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS -ofthe—
-ofthe- CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
FIDFI ITV and DFPfiSIT - 0FTHE -
nucLiii Alu Dcruaii np n ttjnh nninn ami Mimnl
company obllliM UlilUll dllll fldilUlldl
OF BALTIMORE, IN THE STATE OF MCftniltnr C\tS »l P»l 11 V
Marrland. on the list day of December. NcURANCl GOniPANY
A. D. ISM. and for th* ye«r en.il=e on that liiwwunimi. wviiii oni
day. aa made to the In-ura.nc« Commissioner _~ ¦c>TirvT»T-T?r"TT RrryT-Lji >rr> rv* run
of the State of California, pursuant to the O r«r da^^F^-b??AI» ffi9 udto
%£?%£ cSssssi a, 0 s? bffi^fSsia s^«ffiss? ft.'wWcffi
br the Comm.ssacner. forala. pursuant to the pnrristoca of .ectlons
CAFITAtt ttt aad Sll cf the Political Code, condensed aa
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up tn pe r blac.Sc furnished by th« Cttmrnltiiager.
C*sa j I1.5W.CC0 00 ASSETS.
ASSETS Keal Estate owned by Consp«ay....4 283. 8CS H
Real E*t.te owned by towpaay J6CO.C00 00 ! £oa£» „«= ¦?=° d f u . 1^ d «
Ca.-h Market Value of ill iBtodts aad I C^? n^*Ih"J a L^ co^naS- * 014.119 42
Bonds owned by Company 1.152. 47T » .?°"£ «7 l2»m v££2&*y D'"-di* * >01 *- U ' U
Cash in Company's Office MA K A ™°°°J_5' o^er *^S *
c^W^SSSST. «S^?™ l « S
Uon * llt.»73 13 Cash In Banks 215,7* 3i
»r«t«i Am**** u rr a* n Interest flae aad accrued on all
Total Assets H.37,*0i 17 Suxka lcui3 t}.SS2 JI
LIABILITIES. Xale Sr^4?^2? »=«" jed ° a BosAa M
$s£s^$*^zs£i 12>7WU TouI Araets -*«*.«* *
one year or less. Jl.rM.27S 6«: re- y LlASTLlTlEa. ~" "
insurance 50 per cent «2.m 13 "^ ,™ i ' . -, _ _
Losses adjusted and unpaid S 74.CJ S3
ToUl Llsbilltles $549,CM » Losses in process of adjustment or
— ia suspense 13T.C3 .1
INCOME. Losses resisted. toetaOiSg expenses.. K6C i
Xet cash actually received for pre- Gros. Bremluins en Tire Risks run-
m'ums JH" 5*2 3S n!cjr one year or less. J..v j.4.5 So.
Received for' VatereiV'ind'dirtdVnds " , " reinsurance ZO per cent ........... S5LJCS U
on Bond*. Stocks, Loars and froaj - Grws presiuas on Fjre Risks run-
all other sources 91 517 SJ nJ«K caon tfcan ca * yeaj - tlf9% " ,----„
Received for Rents SsllM O « J3 : rel "^f a f *?*** £SZ,"~Z tC= - E * M
Received for commissloti». Safe De- I>u* ¦»* accruej for salaries, rest.
*°« lt Dept - " C • 106 - OaC Co'milssioM sidWier^e duV«d -°" °°
Total Income .$1.152.813 C to become due S.O3 13
EXPEXDrrCRES. Total Liabilities C.1W.500 X2
Xet ainoTint paid for Lo-sses $2T7.429 C4 ¦r^'^^.tr^ = *
D'vidends to Stockholders KT.tifi <n rXCOin^
Psid or allowed for Commission or Set cash actnsJIy received fcr Flrt
Brokerage : 23.230 9* 'premiums C139.408 a
Pxid for Salaries. Fees and other Received for interest en Bonds aad
charges for offlcers. clerks, etc.... 70,239 91 • Mortgages C7.2S5 S3
raid for State. National and Local Received for Interest and drrMends
Taxes 49,(44 C9 on Bonds. Stocks, Lcazs. and froa
All other payments and expenditures 1M.C1 14 a n other sources 75.129 73
Total Expenditures r OfO.m 63 Total Income CJM.TS* 47
EDWIN WARFIELD. President. ___________ • •
H. E. BOSLER. Secretary. EXPENDITURES.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th Net amount paid far Fir» Lossas
day of January. ISCO. ilnc'udlns J31S.C3 S*. losses of pr«-
FRED. S. AXTELU Notary Public vlous years) Jl.TW.nS fi
• . » • Paid cr allowed fcr commission or
CDAMl/ I HI! RFRT brokeras? 4T7.C3 15
rlvr\l^IV L.» UlLDblV I • p^jd f or salaries, fees and other
rc'wPDii a#*wvT • charges for otacers. cJerks. etc... US.SQ C3
ROOM8SM5TBNTHFLOOR, h^^^?5g5?^^3 *» »
MILLS BUILDING, j? clher ptTBfBtf and « pBiatBt ' nT - CTflI
8anFr.nci K o. Total Expenditure, SS.ua.en O
~ JAS. H. BREW SI'Eii. Manager.
DE. HALL'S KELNV1G0RAT0RE7353 Jr^^t^. ™™ n tf:^ ne> r " 3 ~ x
Five hundred reward for any ftJS^^SS CLARKSOX N. FOTTtrR.
taie w« cannot care. This secret IP"" Bfl Notary Public
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours. B___ E
cures Emissions. Itnpeteney. Vart- nmi KPH oiricir rnifT rrp\PTMFNTi
cccele. Goccrrtcea. Gleet. Fits. P*H fP&i PACIF.C COA^T Ci.PAR I .Mt.> I I
Strictures. Lost Manhood aad aU U^J kj^J R. C. MEDCRAFT, Genera! Agent,
•was'.Ir.s efTects oi self-abase or E*S4 wSfm «*.#¦> /-.•• -o .cc
excesses. Sent sealed. 12 bottle; 3 ¦WiBlfiig 319 Calnornia Street S. F.
}^r^iSr m^iCAS a ySnm. A « «an francis^Eity agents .
M«k d «ri. O^K-^atri^tedi^4^uS MAxNHBIM. DIBBERN & CO..
cured. Send for frea book. ¦ , 217 San»ome Street, S. F.
THE WEEKLY CALL, $1 PER YEAR
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fcr the cure of all disorder* of the Stomach.
Urer. Bowela, Kidneys, Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities, stck Headache. Biliousness, Con-
Ftipation. Piles and all deracremeats of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At I>ruKSi*ts, or
by mail. IUDWAT & CO.. New York.
Purely veretable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect direction, complete absorption and
h*a.!thful rernlarlty.
Badway's
0^" g 3 fl*!§
But a Poor ICedicine.
Common soda is all right In Its place
and indlspenslble In the kitchen and for
cooking and washing purposes, but soda
wa« never intended for medicine, and peo-
ple who use it aa euch will some day
regret It.
The common us© ct soda, to relieve heart-
burn and sour stomach Is a habit which
thousands of people practice almost dally,
aud one which is fraught with danger.
Soda gives only temporary relief, and In
the end the stomach trouble gets worse
and worse.
The soda act* as a mechanical irritant
to the walls of the stomach and bowels,
and cases are on record where It accumu-
lates in the intestines, causing death by
Inflammation or peritonitis.
Dr. Harlandton recommends as the
safest and eurest cure for sour stomach
(acid dyspepsia) the dally use after meals
of an excellent preparation, sold by
druggist* under the name of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets. These tablets are
large i>-craln lozenpes, pleasant- to the
taEte and containing natural peptcnes
and digestive elements necessary to good
di*r<-suon. and which all weak stomachs
lack.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets used reru-
larly after meals digest the food prompt-
ly and thoroughly before it has time to
ferment, sour and poison the blood and
nervous system.
Dr. Wuerth states that he invariably
uses and recommends Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets in ail forms of stomach derange-
ment, and finds them a certain cure not
only for sour stomach, but by causlns
prompt digestion of the food they create
a healthy appetite. Increase flesh and
strengthen the action of the heart and
liver.
They are not a cathartic and contain no
violent drug, but are Intended only for
stomach diseases and faulty digestion, and
generally acknowledged to be the most
reliable cure for any stomach trouble,
except cancer of the stomach.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets now enjoy
an international reputation and popular-
ity, and are sold by drugjrists everywhere
In the United States, Canada and Great
Britain.
ALL RIGHT IN BISCUITS
VTell-Knowii Trance Medium,
PERMANENTLY LOCATED Af
J-2O6 MARKET ST
rr.atter •R-hat trouble you may have T.-ith
-rscif cr ether?, ease and she will cutde
-r.e Ajvitt* yoa with a certainty fc-gher
"~.r. human ; o»er.
tT'S !iOr WHAT .HE HAS DONE FOR
07HZRS, BUT WHiT SHE
WiLL 00 FOR YCU.
>Ke Is a lirjsj rer.r.e<~tK»r. !*!if«i the un-
*e~n w.stfr.-y »ni ti-.r tot\ i. can rcaJ
tre rnnri mm Uwagfau o* coaU. tt-e the pas'.
¦ t end future *s in a mixrtr, an-i bjf her
exratertocs sewer can tell hrw to avert evil.
tow to *>ucct»eiJ ir. builaai tnl obtain e>id for-
lune. £i;e locjxe* ciin*» end bar.ed tre««u.re.
ir-intrai». „ oi J rrtatec. lost trf^xla, etc
READ HER C/hCUUR.
• Sent free en application 2-
cczit starsp and learn more about the
lau"s cf life and her cvm peculiar and
¦vrcnderful pevers th^Ti you have
ever kno-xn.
COKCEBKtXG BUSINESS AFFAIRS.
Fhe c'.vr* ittet. ;arti an! ggvreg. reliable
bnpertast a.ci-:ce ar.d iEf^roatlor: ca all
rr.tit«r> of Interest ia business transactions,
ia*Tj::'. <r r.!»?:»i «-i;*.f. ;-r? ir.Furance. dic-
W Fuit. d:vcree*. <Jee<*a. -Don&gc*. claim*.
« • oa, f:*ecclat}on». tdnrtom. cold mla-
• *.r? stacks tr..l til Cr^scia: difficult!-?. Truly
;rt-i:rt* th? mrrfwt or failure cf new irren-
jWtwrta. iteziiinz pension clsims. etc.:
:-:.* Tci.ix.iieT yam will receive fair d«al:nc* »"tth
partners. If j ca care to kc-.»- wfctt bvitlneae
« «-ha!l Callow to be Pin i fiaftll where you
I sz and irtnoa to avoid; If you ir.teai
: Bsake zr.y chasges cr to Ftart a bu«ir.ek».
r se'.I imuyuiy. or. is fart, take any lm-
:"Ur.t rt"; c «rt fill to coa*-j!t Dr. Clark.
¦ - - r a-dvic^ Tnfiy tx» the m«aii£ of saving vou
: " i~t aad a great <S«il of tron-
P.e— FTEb^r. ycur U«1<cUs o* fv-4ay rr.ay be
J-:ur fort-^r.e tew mirror If rtchtly hisdled.
LOVE OH COURTsH P.
K a?rs!r» cf the heart or eraotions c>f lore
Istercxt TPB. ttn» exact ar;d truthful rev- :
• • McJ t" leve sffairs. Fettl<*» lovetT' Dnar-
rn«hVa you to irtn the e^teeri and af-
fection of any mm you a*?-.-*-. causE* epeeij-
%W7 rcarritijre* : tells if the one ycu love
true; ilfo date of Trarriaire; renoT*-t Ion
tlco, :*ace »r-d con£5eac* to lorer* aad
fill -r»"-i=t ia.rrA'A'^ ; rive* you the fu!2 secret
«¦•- "^w to control, fksiolaate and cbtnn tli»
: u iG-ie; also ttio«* you met, an<J ho»
tc rca-ice a person at a <liFtaace ttlak ct you.
Ams'.cnce for Troubled cr Unfortunate.
If you are :n trouble of aay kind, discon-
temed. pnliaiyj. or not (*.:;r>a in life, or
y^B.\ * duiiKwt jc or lone or bus;Qesr trouble*,
you will be. to; 2 bow to cvercciae all trocble,'
Tour wish as<3 object la life can be obtained
A FETP.ET you efcoullkaow the pewer to ccn-
trol.
AL&ATS CONSULT 7 HE BEST.
Perfect sstisfB^ian gntrarteed by jnall.
S*=d rtarrr fcr circular, with *recial ter=a.
AU business Eacred ar.i coniletitlaL
S:cfciea«. lo?=se*. death, etc.. will be orr.itted
Br rr. y-nr ret-i;n« at your re-5-jert: otl*erwi*e
.CieiJFthlBK, soc-i *t.± Lad, will be given.
MRS. DR. F, CLARK,
12GS Market St.. Cor. Coiden Gate Are.
Take Elevator.
Hpcrs— 13 a. ta. to S p. rn. daily, lEcltiil=r
taaflsy.
pf^i VERY LATEST
P Jjk Straight Front,
Vl£* *\ Hand-Made
1( SAPPHIRE
/SH CORSETS
(<^T saoou $15.00
/H%^ 10 Gearu St.,
/>?^/ V 7 CHESTER F. WRIGHT,
f&S-^A JlcraJ 'Vrgrcetter Cor*
•et^JtUaj Parlcra.
STATEMENT
— or the —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— or the —
New York Plate Blass!
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF rrc^r TORK. IN THE STATE OF XEW
Tor*. c= the *!rt day cf Decersber. A. D. I
ltS5. asd for the year er)rt!ng on that <!av. a« I
rrase to the letcrsxee Oodrsissiocer of the '
f-iate cf California, rureoast to the provision* i
cf Section C9 aod Cll ef the Political Code, j
ccrfier**! ea per tlark funtihed by the Oca- i
rcissicaer:
CAPTTAT*
j. -.---: c? Cas^tai Etock. paid up in
each ..—¦¦.¦ tiso.oce oo
ABSETR. ~~~
ls**s* ys- Boiid« and Mortfac-* J.600 «
Gtfb S&arkvt Vain of ail Etacics -.-i.
Bend* cwred fcy Corapacy J44.800 00 I
Cash la Ce=paiy'i Office 1.^5 sj
Ctah is BarJca t.iTI 28 '
IreciiuaaB ia Cue Course of Collection. S7.TJ4 29 j
; .»te Giaas oc hand ~.LL4 84 |
Total Aavele .100. Xi U
UAEn-ITTES. ~
\y~tvei != ssrocess &f ACJostcwat or la
tuspesea W.C12 73
Grr»» prenlxiia* on ::.«»:» rusnlar oo»
ytax cr les«. I ; reir*uraac«
to per ctzx a. H2.ru li
<~csh <liTl4end« rerca'-r-ir^- =3^aid 6.000 04
'-jae aid accrued for salaries, rent.
%te <S2 it
"lietura presissa _.._.. l.i£2 T3
Tctal tiablUtle*. j:~.::; si
— -
tN-COSSE-
•^rt carii actually received for pre-
* rn'.una ClT.ttJ a
r>*ee!ved for lstereft and d!vidmds or.
li'-ris. etorkz. Loacs aad from all
ether «ocrre» 1S.W3 rj
T-e-ceJved for prcEt ca tale of eecurl-
t:es - 4.CTIg
: Total ISOCSJe taS.Mt 75
EXPENDITCrRES.
Ftt arjorrt pa!3 for I/oe»« tlOS.SC7 M
Xy^Seafia to Stockholder* 19.U00 00
Ps. id or allowed for Commission cr
Brckerare •- O.154 tt
Tfc id for 6alarte«. Fee» and other
c^8rFea for offtcirs. clerkf. etc 54. Ct 21
Fs;d for etate. National and Local
7um '•"! 55
j^li other paymects a=d expeadiiure*.. a.«21 tt
Total ExpesSitcret Kihttt 50
MAX DAXZIGEH. Preildent.
liAJ. A. TVEITE. Secretarr-
6ub«eribe« er.d ewora to before me tblm Slat
Cay of Ja=uary. ISCO. ,-
F. F1SHBECK, Notary. Public.
J. D. MAXWELL CO. General Agent
T. E. JANES. Aast. General Agent,
421 California St., San Francisco
.D T> TT C U 17 Q TOR BARBERS. BAK-
DllUorillO r«. **$%££•££:
houses. bUllard table*.
fcrewen. bockblaiera. candy-maker». eaaner*.
ijera. ScurraiU*. foundrlea, lacndrle*. paper-
hacceTB. prlatera. palisteri. aho* factcne*. fta-
tlccen. tar-rocfer», tanners, tailor*, etc.
BUCdANAN BROS..
Brush MenuTacturers* 609 Sacramento Sfc
,-viEDIUJn
ADVEBTISEMEITTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
$ Cure Afflicted Men '¦
QU1GKLY and PERMANENTLY,
• \ v flBa'*' Piles, IMseases of tHe Kid-
' \ •" \*S5 : neys. Spine. Bladder, etc.
/ /y\s^jS^t,>)',; >'£ jC<M\ / Ailments which have bp-
yy/^^Q&tftf', y ; /// C01110 clangerous: and chronic
i /yyyy^X^y^^ili^/- ' ' '// by bad treatment or neclec:
%%7/\ &r$iV / .^w2BTOBS v ft>// yl . eld - <3Ul ,? kl i' <! to lh " skul ct
/¦%" ?/' \\ 2?^=^£BB&wL$£3u&v^ payments may be made in
ALL REMEDIES AND APPLIANCES FREE TO PATIENTS.
UnMC PIIDCQ A QDCPIAI TY T ' you cannot call, write for private
nUmC UUn Co A OrCulALl I book, diagnosis sheets, free advice, prices
. and other particulars. Correspondence solicited. All letters confidential. i
ELEVATOR I 7Q1 MARKET STREET, 1 Hours-S to 5 Daily.
I / ol _ _. . I Sundays— » to H.
ENTRANCE. | ., ' v- ' 1 Saa Francisco. j Evenings— « to 8.
***'•' "' "•; . ' ."Wfcen erderlny pleas* refer to adrertlsement ia Tb* Call*- —¦ — ¦¦
AJV J-UtTIss m ttfli 1^.The first time the average man appears
In public wearing a *ilk hat he imagines
that every man he meets envies him.
Tug Lottie Damaged.
The old-time tnc Lottie, while towlnB a
barge from Brown's wharf last Friday
night, struck a submerged rock and sank.
Ix?ter the I>ottle was raised by the wreck
ing eehooner »'atalina and is now belnff
placed on th«- drydoek for an overhauling.
Trapper'i Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia,
Druggists. 60c flask. Richards A Co.. 4M Clay.*
SUNDAY, DECEMBER 23.
CAUGHT ITJ- THE HTTRRICANE.
Collier Titania Comes Into Port With
Tale cf Disaster.
The blj? .whaJebaok Titania had a hard
time of it off Destruction Island last Sat
urday week. She was on her way here,
from Comox with a lead of coal when she
ran into a southwester. It blew a hurri
cane and the big collier was swept from
stem to stern. The cargo shifted and she
took b decided list to starboard. The
steering gear was injured and some of the
starboard lifeboats were carried away.
Christian Conrad, one of the crew, who
was attempting to make things fast, was
swept overboard and lost. He was only
27 years old and wa.« to have been married
on his return to San Francisco.
Spain is threatened with a strike of
schoolmasters, some of. whom. It is said,
receive a salary of only $15 a year.
Have you seen the . Christmas Wasp?
Finest illustrations published. Take it
home. Price 25c.
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives the, last
tide of the. day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
~when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height, and
.then the number given la subtracted from the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the. Superintendent.
. NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide is the same at both places. .
TO SAIL
THERE was another protest filed
ajjaJr.st Quarantine Officer Kin
youn yesterday. He passed two
vessels from alleged infected ports
and held a mail bqat that came In
hours ahead of them. The America Maru
came from Japanese ports via Honolulu.
There Is always more or less plague at
Kobe. The Titania came from British
Columbia, where there have been many
cases of smallpox reported. The Zealan
dla came from Honolulu with a clean bill
of health, but unfortunately arrived too
late to escape quarantine. ,
The cabin passengers on the Zealandia
were:
Captain Ahlborn, wife" and child; S. Hoxie
Clark and wife; A. ruler, wife and child; Mrs.
J. Fastenarth and two children; H. B. Gehr,
child and maid; Mrs. T. E. Krouse and child ;'
William Haywood, wife, two children and
maid; C. D. Desky, J. B. Arassiz, Miss Bal
llnger, Mrs. E. Brown. W. H. Rock. Miss J.
Cock. J. H. Sykeo. C. M. Cooke. J. Carylll.
J. B. Collins. J. Deerlng and wife. Captain
Fulmore. W. Fink, J. J. Sullivan, E. J. Water
man, Mr. Fraser and wife, Mrs. Frasher, J.
C. Good and wife,' Mrs. Gasklll, J. W. Higgins,
P. L. Hooers, G. Toombs, H. McK. Harrison,
Rev. J. C. Hay, H. Howell. Miss N. Johnson.
Mrs. AV. Keating, C. B. Lemon. C. I«eonardt.
E. C. Winston. J. McGurn and wife. J. P.
McCoy. E. M. Quinn, J. Stuart and wife, E.
J. Walker and wife. H. H. Williams, A. A.
Young.
All of the*e. In addition to 130 in the
steerage, were ready to leave the ship at
10 p. m. Friday, when the ship anchored.
It was 8:30 a, m. Saturday when Dr. Kin
youn went aboard and gave Captain Dow
dell permission to weigh anchor.
In the meantime the Titanla and Amer
ica Maru had come in and both these ves
sels were inspected and passed by the
quarantine officer /before he deigned to go
near the crowd* on the Zealandia. A vig
orous protest has been forwarded to the
Secretary of the Treasury and Dr. Kln
youn Is likely to hear from it.
The America Maru brought up twenty
eight cabin and 193 Kuropean steerage
passengers, beside 105 Chinese. She aiso
brought $504,000 in treasure. Her cabin
passengers were:
A. Bartholomew. H. L. Bergman, H. R.
Bowie, A. C. Fryer, W. F. Cutter. G. r>onnelly,
O. GUlingham. Mr. and Mrs. W. R. GiUlnfc
ham, Mrs. P. Gracey, ¦ Lieutenant Grekoft,
Mies A. C. Keyes, M. Komaatsu, T. Tanuma,
F. Hanck, Mrs. B. Lennox. Mies C. K. I^en
nox. Mrs. G. Ft. Mackenzie. Lieutenant Marko
zoft". A. E. McConnell, Lieutenant D. T. T.
Markoioff. George J. Miller. Miss R. W. Palm
berg:, R. C. Randall, J. Retlly. A. Simon,
Rev. Mr.'Weiff. H. R. Williams, E. A. Major.
Lieutenant Markozoff was a member of
the Russian cavalry that took part in the
advance on Peking and wai four times
wounded. He is going home to St. Peters
burg on sick leave.
? ¦ —
Coloma's Close Call.
The bark Coloma, twenty-seven days
from Puget Sound, had a close call Fri
day night. She was comiWg in from" the
Sound with 'a load of Piles and lumber and
came near going on Bakers Beach. Blue
lights were burned and the tug Sea King
went down the bay in a hurry. Luckily
the bark got off, intl then the schooner
Reliance showed signals of distress. s$he
also get off without assistar.ee, and the
captain of the tug has nothing but "g.jod
intentions" to show :or his expenditure
cf coal.
Water-Front Notes.
Captain Howard, marine superintendent
of the Oceanic Steamship Company, is
once more b«»ck at his po.it. He has be«m
on the sick list for over a week, and the
wharf has seemed lost without him. .
The yacht Frolic bas been purchased by
Captain K. Fogel of Cape Nome. He in
tends having "some fun" on "her this win
ter and will sell her in the spring before
going north. - - • -
John Johansen, a sailor on. the barken
tine S Ni Castle, was stood up In broad
daylight yesterday. His cries attracted
the attention of Officers O'Callaghan and
Dower, 'who chased the robbers along
Eadt fctreet and up Pacific, but failed to
catch them. ' -
A small boy /fell off L»ombard-street
wharf yesterday and was crushed between
the -fender pile and the ship Slntrain. lie
was rescued and taken to the Harbor Hos
pital, hut died before Dr. Dorr could ex
amine his injuries.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners an'd
Shipping Merchants. .
The Cawdor loads wheat for Europe, 3Ss; the
Conruelo. merchandise for Mahukona; the
Eureka, lumber at Eureka for Honolulu; the
F. M. fc-la.le, lumber at Grays Harbor for Syd
ney, 52s 6d: the Invermark, wheat for Europe,
prior to arrival: the Queen Margaret, wheat at
Tacoma for Europe. 37a 6d net. prior to arrival;
the Reure. lumber at Tacoma for Cape Town,
72s 6<3. prior- to arrival: the Seafarer, wheat for
Europe, 42s 6d, prior to arrival.
Departure of the Coptic.
The Occidental and Oriental steamship Cop»
tic Fall^ii yesfnlay for China and Japan with
.1 genfial canro valued at $267,919, manifested
as follows: For China, $120,639; for Japan.
J1C3.369; for Manila, $24,356; for. East Indies,
$6037; for Vladivostok, $U.6?0; for Korea. J1317;
for Slam, $011. The following were the prin
cipal shipments:
For China— 3164 lbs abalone, 50 cs 6342 lbs
cheese, 14M cs canned goods, 9*9 lbs chocolate,
6600 lbs coffee, 722 lbs bread, 17S5 lbs dried fruit,
3 cs drugs, 40 bxs fruit, 5 crs furniture, 12,265
bbls flour, 40 bbls glassware, 21S1 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 13,733 "lbs ham and ba
con, 14 cs hardware, 9 cs 23 csks ginseng,"; 82
rolls sheet lead. 33 rolls leather, 9S40 lbs lard,
43 pkgs machinery, 7 kegs ijails. 2519 lba oleo
margarine. 10 pkgs^ raisins, 1200 ;lb« peas, -leo
rolls 6 cs paper. 600 bxs pearl barley. . 24 cs
paint, 4 cs silk, 140 cs salmon, 56 crs stoves and
heaters, 86 bdls shooks, 40 cs 120 gals wine, 20
cs whisky.
For Japan — 97 cs canned goods, 9 crs bicycles,
6 cs drugs, 1500 bales cotton, 13 cs drugs. 13
cs electrical goods. 10,094 lbs coffee, 2750 bbls
flour, 487 pkgs groceries ' and ' provision*, ' 1162
lbs hops, 3 cs hardware, 600 lbs lard, 1033 pigs
lead, . 132 rolls leather, 50 crs meters, 1000 . lbs
mtllstuffs. 107 crs machinery* ZoSO.kegs nails. 45
bhls oak extract. 60 bxs paste, 12. rs . rubber
goods, 30 os salmon, 10 cs silk. 105 chests : tea,
500 gals -wine, 6 cs whisky, 4 cs watches and
movements, 519 bdlu wire shorts.
For Manila— 50 bxs apples, 34 cs . canned
goods. 13.F00 gals bottled beer. 35 bbls chemical
whifnlng. 23 pkgs groceries and provisions, 4
ca glassware, 76 bxs lemons. 6 rolls leather,
47.&9S lbs malt, 22 crt machinery, 1065.. crs
onlcns, 1650 lbs oats. 75 crs oranges. 4200 crs
potatoes. 19 cs-pboto goods, 29 cs phonographic
goods, 12 c» stationery, 12 cs sporting goods, ¦ 27
cs typewriters.
-. For East Indies— 280 cs canned goods, 3 pkga
groceries and . provisions, 4 cs hardware, 69 ¦ ca
-¦ — V ; ¦; . ' - *&,;£
China, from San Francfsco, via Honolulu and
Yokahama; stmr Victoria, from Tacoma, via
Yokohama,
ANTWERP— Sailed Dec 22— Stmr Kensington,
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Dec 22— Stmr Etrurla,
for New York.
BREMEN-Sailed Dec 22-Stmr Prlnz Lult
pold, for New York..
CHERBOURG — Sailed Dec 22— Stmr New
York, for Manila.
Steamer Movements.
phonographic (roods, vp c ? falmon, 10 cs axle
grea^f. ¦
For Vladivostok— 202 crs " machinerj*. 4 era
furniture.
For Slam — S cs canned goods, 13 crs bicycles,
25 cs salmon.
For Korea— 16 cs mineral water. 24 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 255 bbls flour.
Merchandise for Victoria.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. r>eoeml>er 22.
Btmr Gipsy, Inland, 20 hours from Moss
Landing-.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, 20 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Santa Ana, Strand. 124 hours from Se
attle.
Stmr Nome City. Daniels, 6 days from Se
attle, via N'eah Bay.
Nor stmr Tltanla* Egenes. S days from N'a
nalmo.
Fr bark Vendee. Lehegarat. 64 day* from
Newcastle, NSW.
CLEARED.
Saturday, Deownber 22.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, Victoria; Goodall,
Perkins 4 Co.
Stmr MIneola. Kirkwood. Nanalmo; Taclflc
Improvement Co.
Sal stmr El Salvador, Taylor, Acajutla.
Br stmr Coptic, Kinder, Honolulu, Yokohama
and Hongkong; O A O S*S Co.
Bark Santiago, Engalls, Hilo; J D Spreckeis
fe Bro» Co. ¦ • ¦'. -
Bark Martha Davis. McAlmond. Hilo; Welch
& Co. \i — :. i ;
' -i SAILED. — '
,-..'. Saturday, Deoetnber H.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, Victoria, etc
• Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendocino.
Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Crus.
Br stmr Coptic; Rlnder, Honolulu, Yokohama
and , Honckons.-
Br ship Albyn, 'U'llllams, Queenetown.
Bark Santiago, Knpalls. Hilo.
RETURNED.
Saturday, December 22.
Schr Reliance. Hunting, hence Dec 18, for
Bowens Landing, on account of carrying away
mainsail. -
TELEGRAPHIC.
LOBOi>, Dec 22, 10 p m-Weather
ha2y; wind calm.
SPOKEN.
Per schr Dauntless at Grays Harbor Dec 11 —
Dec 9 spoke Chll bark, letters M C H T, in lat
44 12 N, Ion 126 5 TV; all well.
MISCELLANEOUS.
NEWCASTLE. Aus, Nov 5— Br bark Mary A
Troop, which put back Nov 2, will repair at
cost of several v hundred pounds and take sev
eral weeks.
. SEATTLE. Dec 22— Disabled stmr Chas D
Lane passed Port Angeles at 10:45 in tow of
two tuss.
VICTORIA. Dsc 22— Bark Hlehland Light,
from Seattle, for Lahaina. put In Barclay
Sound partially dismasted, bulwiarks gone,
boats gone and practically a wreck.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Nor stmr Titanla. from Nanalmo Dec 22—
Passed tug Rescue in breast of Noyo l l 4 miles
off; asked to be reported 'all ' well. Dec 15. oft
Destruction Island. . had a very heavy SSE
gale. Carried away starboard boat and steer-
Ing gear, aft, and tihlfted cargo to starboard
and washed nve r hoard «nd drowned Christian
Monrad, seaman, a native of Norway, aged
27 years.
/ DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT ANGELES- Palled Dec 21— U S stmr
Gedtiey. for Han Francisco.
¦PORT BLAKKLEV — Sailed Dec 22— Ship
Hecla, for Adelaide; bktn John Smith, for
Honolulu.
Arrived Dec 22— Schr Peerless, from Ventura.
KAHULUI-Arrlved Dec 3— Ship A J Fuller,
from Oyster Harbor.
TORT TOWNS5END— Arrived Dec~22-Schr
Americana, frrm Salina Cruz: ship Reuce,
from Yokohama: Br ship Queen Margaret, from
Hongkong; schr Rangor. from Lahaina.
Sailed Dec 22-Stmr Robert Dollar, for San
FranciFCO. " ~ <
Passed in Ovt C2— Schr Wawona, ¦ from San
Peilro, for . . ! >
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec 22— Schr A
B Johnson, hence Dec 2', schr Salvator, from
San Pedro.
•Arrived Dec 22— Stmr ¦ W H Kniger, hence
Dec 19; stmr Newburg 1 , hence Dec 12. -¦ .
PORT HADLOCK — Arrived Dec 22-Schr
Oceania Vance, hence Dec 4.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 21— Stmr Rival.: from
Port Townsend; stmr Al-KI. from Skagtiay. -. „
Arrived Itec 22— Sohr Wawona, from San
Pedro.
Sailed Dec 22— Stmr Czarina, for Tacoma. - '
NBAH BAY— Passed out Dec 22— Stmr San
Mateo. from Nanaimo. for Port Los Angeles.
PORTLAND— Arrived Dec 22— Stmr Elder,
hence Dee 20; Ger ship Ltka, f rom . Rio de
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Dec 22-Schr Louis,
hence Nov 30. • ' • ¦••¦¦¦ • t
, BQV/ENS LANDING— Arrived Dec 22— Stmr
Navarro, hence Dec- IS; stmr Newark, hence
Dec 21. < . ,
To salt Dec 23— Schr Newark, for San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec. 22— Stmr South Port
land, from Astoria, for San Francisco..
Arrived Dee 22— Schr Sparrow, hence Dec 1-S;
pchr J G Wall, hence De»- IS; stmr Iaqua,
hence Dec 21. . -.•¦¦•. -
Sailed Dec 22— Stmr National City, for San
Francisro: stmr Homer, for San Francisco.
.HILO— Arrived prior to Dec 1— Brig Courtney
Ford, from Sitka. •¦¦;--•-¦
HONOLXII^U— Arrived Dec 8— U S stmr
Meade. hence. Dec 1; bktn ,WH Dimond. hence
Nov 18; bktn Gleaner, from Newcastle, Aut>. ;
Dec 9— Sehr Rosamond, hence Nov 17: schr Mil- '
dred. from Seattle; ship Standard, from Ta
coma. Dec 10— Stmr Aztec., hence Dec 1; Jap:
stmr Nippon- Maru. hence Deo'6. -Dec ?— Ship
John Currier, from Seattle; schr Alice Cooke,
-from Port Gamble. ¦ • -.
Sailed Dec 10— Brie W-G Irwln. for San Fran
cisco. Dec 11 — Ship Kenneliec,,for Port Town
send. -Dec 13— U S. stmr Meade. for Manila;
Jap stmr Nippon Maru.. for. Yokohama. '
EAST SAN PEDRO— Sailed Dec 22-Stmr Geo
.Loomis, for San Francisco.-. -
FOREIGN FORTS?.
JIOJI— Sailed Dec 22— Stmr Leelanaw. for San
Francisco. S • . "•
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dec 21— Br, stmr Em
press of China, from Vancouver. ! .
HIOGO— Sailed Dec 21— Br bark Dunstaffnage
for.Puzet Round.' .-.-•¦ ..-.-.*.-.,..•
; SHIMONOSEKI— Sailed Dec 10— Br Btmr Kal
sow, for Portland, Or.' • " . :
MOLLENDO— Arrived Dec 21— Bktn J M Grif
fith, from Port Hadlock. , . '
MANILA — Arrived Dec 20— Br stmr; Almond
Branch, from Tacoma. • • . .;¦ ;
Sailed Dec 20— Br Btmr Port Stephen?, for
Seattle. " • '
OCEAN STEAMERS. ¦ ¦
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec. 22— Stmr Umbrla. !
for Llverpooi; stmr. Rotterdam, for Rotterdam
via Boulogne. - . •"-«¦!
GENOA— Arrived Dec 20— Stmr Columbia/ '
from New ' Tork, via Naples. -' . •>
MANILA — Arrived Dec 20— Stmr .Almond
Branch, from Tacoma. tvia Honolulu. ¦• ' \-'
. Balled Dec 20— Stmr Port Stephens, tor ' Se
attle. •¦ ¦¦¦¦¦'< ¦-'¦ .•:¦•¦¦ '¦ . •¦.. ¦:¦;.' ' . • - ¦.¦ ;;?.;. :•...¦¦ :
: HONGKONGrT-ArriTed prior to Dec 22— 8tmr{
STEAMSHIPS ZEaLaNDIA AND AMERICA MARU AND COLUKR TITANIA IN QUARANTINE. THE JAPAN
ESE AND NORWEGIAN: STEAMERS WERE PASSED QUTCKL/t, BT)T THE AMERICAN MAIL . BOAT,
CROWDED WITH PASSENGERS. WAS HELD NEARLY TWELVE HOURS BY DR. KINYOUN.
Poestbty th» Identity of th» man wlio«<i
cries for help were heard from the wharf
at Point Richmond early on Friday morn
ing has been discover-d. The two Portu
guese laborers. John Cardr-za and Frank
Geer. who found the ntranded boat, towel
her to a place of cafety up the creek and
then proceeded In the most matter of fact
way to secure control of everything of
value, but without despoiling the little
Blx-ton sloop.
Early yesterday morning the two men
went to the beach, secured the boat an.l
«« W w »° a place of M^ety- Then they
sent for B. E. Loomls of 254 Noe street of
"Us city, who Is enea^'ed in Husinesj. in
i*olnt Richmond, and John H. Nirhoi) at
the John Klcholl Real Estate Company
of the same place, ami had an inventory
made of the contents cf the vessel
One of the most surprising finds was a
mmm
the cabin anfi a well filled larder ¦con
tained plenty of delicacies of aU SscriS
on n t S h. A raeal partially consumed . "L
SnaJi,, ab l 6 when the 8 'ooP found
and a kit of carpenters' tools of the finest
?w C ? P V°^ 5 nd *, m «J«tude of other ar
ift «? f ,fc descr ,P«one comprised a por
t? * Ot .l ht vessel s contents. V
fh e a f h tV ca ? s , that mlEht lead t0 the belief
that the Lulu was a vessel of the bav
Pnw« e C X? thRt « haunts *** " e «kl and
in ~l B °J the confluent streams.
i "P d / rs ot th e \-essel have her se
curely tied to the bank away from harm
They have given published notice of their
K e ? S L on S nd -o l fe pa P ers fo «n«J have
been taken by B. E. Loomis for better se
curitv. Although declining to make%ut
that if Koym. or Stendel. had any money
on his person it probably *ank with him.
Possible IdentificatioD of the
Viotimof Point Rich
mond Mystery.
Little Yea»el Well Fitted On^ and It
I« Thonuhl Sh«- nrloDKfii to
th» Bar Pirate
Clam.
STRANGE CRAFT
IS SLOOP LULU
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 23, lf)00.
Held. M:a,il . Steamsliip Zeala.nd.ia, and
Passed, sl CDolliez*.
QUARANTINE OFFICER KINYOUN
AGAIN CALLED TO ACCOUNT
22
The steamship Umatlllp. sailed yesterday for
Victoria with the following ear^o, vahied at
5 cs arms and ammunition, 20 ctls barley. 2000
lbs. beans. 826 lbs coffee. 2 cs dry goods. 7S75 lbs
dried fruit. 12 cs electrical Roods, 66 bxs fruit,
16 bbls flour. 16 pkgs groceries and provisions,
8872 lbs hops. 11 cs hardware. 114 bxa lemons,
18 pips lead, 1820 lbs mill stuffs. 12,680 lbs malt.
4 crs machinery. 25 cs " bbls oil. 122 bxs or
ang«s, 9875 lbs peaa, 16 bxs paste. 47 cs 2 pkg-s
raisins. 2 cs sporting goods, soo lbs sugar. 10
b<3Is steel, 50 crs vegetables. 245 &&1b wine.
?
Steamer. | Destination. I * Sails. I Pier.
Samoa....... Humboldt ... Dec. 23, 2pm|Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt ... Dec. 23. Sam Pier 2
Santa Rosa. San Diego Dec. 23, 9 am Pier 11
N'oma City.. Seattle r -.. Dec. 23. 10 am Pier 20
Neko Hambg & Wy Dec. 23 Pier 27
S. Portland. Ast'ia & Ptld Dec. 24. 5 pm Pier 2S
Pomona Humboldt ... Dec. 24, 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia... Portland Dec. 24, 11 am Pier 24
Bonita JNewport . Dec. 25. 9 am Pier 11
Mandaday.. Coquille Riv.. Dec. 25. 10 am Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay Dec. 25, 12 m Pier 13
Senator Seat. & Alas.. Dec. 26, 9 am Pier 9
Empire Coos Bay Dec. 26, 12 m Pier 13
Zealandla... Honolulu Dec. 2S, 2 pm Pier 11
Queen San DieKO Dec, 2fi. fl am Pier 11
Eureka..:... Humboldt ... Def-. 27. 9 am Pier 13
Rainier Seat. & N. W Dec. 27. 5 pm Pier 2
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor Dec. 27 Pier 2
State of Cal. Vic & Pgt Sd Dec. 27. 11 am Pl«r 9
R. Dollar... Seat. & Tac. Dec. 27. 5 pm Pier —
S. Barbara. Humboldt ... Dec. 27, 10 am Pier 2
Colon Pan. & WayiDec. 2*. 12 m PM?S
Corona: Newport [Dec. 28, 9 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena... Point Arena.. Dec. 33, 2 pm Pier 2
Amer. Maru China & Jap. Dec. 23, 1 pm PMSS
G. Elder Ast'ia -& Ptld Dec 29. 11 amlPler 24
Steamer. ; From. Due.
Senator Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. 23
Queen San Diego Dec. 23
Bonita ......... Newport ¦. Dec. 23
Alameda ....... Sydney and Way Ports. Dec. 24
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Dec. 24
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Dec. 24
Rainier ..,.;•... Seattle & NeWWhatcom Dec 24
Giace. Dollar .. Grays Harbor Dec. 24
Ulval Willapa Harbor. Doe. 24
Cjtscent City.. Crescent City Dae. 24
Del Norte Portlin<i and Coos Bay. Dec. 24
Empire Coos'Bay Dec. 24
Arcata ...., Coos Bay Dec. 24
Bristol Comox Dec. 24
San Jote Acapulco Dec. 73
Eureka Humboldtr. Dec. 25
Santa Barbara. San Petfro Dec. 2S
O. W. Elder ... Portland Dec. 2fi
Corona Newport i Dec. 26
Santa Rosa San . Diego Dec. 'SI
Point Arena ... Point Arena Dec. '£1
Czarina .." Seattle and Taooma Dec. 27
Pomona Humboldt — . Dec. 27
Newburg ... Grays Harbor Dec. 2S
Curacao" Mexican Ports Dec. "S
"Walla Walla. . . Victoria & Pugret Sound Dec. 28
North Fork .... Humboldt De3. 29
Mexico IMexican Ports |Dec. 29
Sun rises : 7:22
Sun sets ._. — 4:55
Moon sets ....'.... .fi:SS p. m.
D ITimel |Tlme| |Tlme . (Time
P I Ft. I Ft. I Ft. Ft.
J |H W L W H W iL. "W
23... 1:14 4.8 5:49 3.1 11:33 5.8 6:32-0.7
24... 1:50 6.0 ,6:33 3.0 12:22 6.6 7:13—0.4
25... 2:29 6.1 7:29 2.8 1:17 6.3 7:55—0.1
26 ... 3:07 5.2 8:31 2.5 2:18 4.8 8:40 0.4
27... 3:18 5.4 9:40 2.1 3:30 4.5 9:28 1.0
28... 4:3f> E.B 10:45 1.6 4:51 4.1 10:22 1.6
2» ... 6:15 5.7 U-65 1.0] 6:15! 3.9| ll:19| 2.1
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
Sun rises : 7:22
Sun sets ._. — 4:55
Moon sets ....'.... .fi:SS p. m.
D ITimel |Tlme| |Tlme . (Time
P I Ft. I Ft. I Ft. Ft.
J |H W L W H W iL. "W
23... 1:14 4.8 5:49 3.1 11:33 5.8 6:32-0.7
24... 1:50 6.0 ,6:33 3.0 12:22 6.6 7:13—0.4
25... 2:29 6.1 7:29 2.8 1:17 6.3 7:55—0.1
26 ... 3:07 5.2 8:31 2.5 2:18 4.8 8:40 0.4
27... 3:18 5.4 9:40 2.1 3:30 4.5 9:28 1.0
28... 4:3f> E.B 10:45 1.6 4:51 4.1 10:22 1.6
2» ... 6:15 5.7 U-65 1.0] 6:15! 3.9| ll:19| 2.1
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
Steamer. ; From. Due.
Senator Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. 23
Queen San Diego Dec. 23
Bonita ......... Newport ¦. Dec. 23
Alameda ....... Sydney and Way Ports. Dec. 24
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Dec. 24
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Dec. 24
Rainier ..,.;•... Seattle & NeWWhatcom Dec 24
Giace. Dollar .. Grays Harbor Dec. 24
Ulval Willapa Harbor. Doe. 24
Cjtscent City.. Crescent City Dae. 24
Del Norte Portlin<i and Coos Bay. Dec. 24
Empire Coos'Bay Dec. 24
Arcata ...., Coos Bay Dec. 24
Bristol Comox Dec. 24
San Jote Acapulco Dec. 73
Eureka Humboldtr. Dec. 25
Santa Barbara. San Petfro Dec. 2S
O. W. Elder ... Portland Dec. 2fi
Corona Newport i Dec. 26
Santa Rosa San . Diego Dec. 'SI
Point Arena ... Point Arena Dec. '£1
Czarina .." Seattle and Taooma Dec. 27
Pomona Humboldt — . Dec. 27
Newburg ... Grays Harbor Dec. 2S
Curacao" Mexican Ports Dec. "S
"Walla Walla. . . Victoria & Pugret Sound Dec. 28
North Fork .... Humboldt De3. 29
Mexico IMexican Ports |Dec. 29
Steamer. | Destination. I * Sails. I Pier.
Samoa....... Humboldt ... Dec. 23, 2pm|Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt ... Dec. 23. Sam Pier 2
Santa Rosa. San Diego Dec. 23, 9 am Pier 11
N'oma City.. Seattle r -.. Dec. 23. 10 am Pier 20
Neko Hambg & Wy Dec. 23 Pier 27
S. Portland. Ast'ia & Ptld Dec. 24. 5 pm Pier 2S
Pomona Humboldt ... Dec. 24, 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia... Portland Dec. 24, 11 am Pier 24
Bonita JNewport . Dec. 25. 9 am Pier 11
Mandaday.. Coquille Riv.. Dec. 25. 10 am Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay Dec. 25, 12 m Pier 13
Senator Seat. & Alas.. Dec. 26, 9 am Pier 9
Empire Coos Bay Dec. 26, 12 m Pier 13
Zealandla... Honolulu Dec. 2S, 2 pm Pier 11
Queen San DieKO Dec, 2fi. fl am Pier 11
Eureka..:... Humboldt ... Def-. 27. 9 am Pier 13
Rainier Seat. & N. W Dec. 27. 5 pm Pier 2
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor Dec. 27 Pier 2
State of Cal. Vic & Pgt Sd Dec. 27. 11 am Pl«r 9
R. Dollar... Seat. & Tac. Dec. 27. 5 pm Pier —
S. Barbara. Humboldt ... Dec. 27, 10 am Pier 2
Colon Pan. & WayiDec. 2*. 12 m PM?S
Corona: Newport [Dec. 28, 9 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena... Point Arena.. Dec. 33, 2 pm Pier 2
Amer. Maru China & Jap. Dec. 23, 1 pm PMSS
G. Elder Ast'ia -& Ptld Dec 29. 11 amlPler 24
Handsome
Austrian China.
Deep Borders of dari. blue
and gold, pansy and rose dec-
I Creams, Fruits
Tea Pot Tiles
Roll Trays
Bread and Butter
Cake and Tcs
Salads
Our Pnces
Just Like Finding Money.
Great American IinportiDff Tea Co.
CITY STORES.
. SIO Grant Avc, bet. Post and Sutteis
861 Market St., opp. Powell.
I40 8lxth6t. j'- 1419 Polk St.
112 Third' St. 1810 DevUad.ro St.
146 Ninth St. - 2008 Fill more St.
S006 Sixteenth St. S2I Montgomery An
2516 Mission St. 32S5 Mission St.
-TO5 Larkln St. 2732 24th St.
«C5 Hayes St. ' 475 Hnifiht St.
52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Washington St 1237 Broadway.
1185 23rd Are. 616 E. 12th St.
".: " 151O «eventh St.
ALAMEDA-1365 Park St.
CAN RAFAEL-BSt..oe«r Foup^h,
STANDARD BRANDS
..sOF...
imported Wines, Spirits,
Mineral Waters, Eta.
CHAMPAGNE . ~ MOET & CHAXDO N
VVJute Seal (Grande Cuvec) and Brut Imperial
MARIELL BRANDY, one. two and three stars
CANADIAN GLUB WHISKY : '
rU r~. n ' ' ' HIRAM WALKER & SONS; Ltd.. Waikcnille!
WH ' SKY fm Reserves per cent
"^'SpccTa,^;^. SGOTGH WWr, old vatted Gienlivct and
JOHANNIS (the King of Table Waters) . Tohannii Springs, Germany
GANT RIUA. & GLOHRAN GINGER ALE and
RHINE AND MOSELLE WINES . DE1NHARD & CO.. Coblenz
Mosel. Laubcnhetmer Liebfraumilch. Hochhcimer. Stcinwein
Bocksbeutel. Johannisberger. Sparkling Moselle
CLARETS AND SAUf ERNES . . DUBOS FRERES. Bordeaux
St Julian. Chateau Urose Chateau Yquem, Chateau Marsjaux
Chateau Lafite and Haut Sauternc K '
BURGUNDY WINES . F , CHAUVENET. Nuits
c g o c n ot Su R p cTc r ao^rk;^ Chabiis ' c ° rton - 1^|
HOLLAND GIN . . . . JOHN dc KJJYPER. Rotterdam
CORDIALS . . •• • NUYENS & CO.. Bordeaux
Creme de Menthe. Creme de Cacao and Cherries in Maraschino
GUINNESS' STOUT and tASS'AlE, "Dogs Head"
Bottled by READ BROS.. London
SHERRY WINES .... J. C . GORDON, Jerez. Spain
PORT WINE . . . . . -. MORGAN BROS.. Oporto
For Sale by Dealers and Crocers.
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO.
DISTRIBUTERS . • . 329 MARKET STREET
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We will have on sale all this
week elegant lines of the "following .
NEW GOODS, verg %siiltaDle for
HOLIDAY PRESENTS^
Fine Battenberg Tidies, Scarfs, C.enter Places, Pillow
Shams r Tafile Covers and. Bed Sets.
Eiderdown Comforters and Pillows in SUK, satin anl
French Sateen Covering,
Ladles' Feather Boas, Fur Scarfs, Noveltg Belts and Fine
Purses.
Ladles' and Gents' Initialed Handerchlefs.ln Silk, Linen
and Linen CamDric.
Gents' Silk Mufflers, Reefers, Scarfs and Noveltn
Neckwear.
Ladies' Lace Collars, Fichus, Ties, Ruffs, Jafiots and
Fancu Neckwear. .; . . ;
Ladles' and Children's Fine Hosiery and Underwear,
at popular prices. • .
Gents' silk, Cashmere and Merino Underwear. Also
Gomplete line of fine Halt Hose.
Ladles' Fine Crochet Shawls, In white, pink, blaci,
gran, hlue and cardinal.
Ladies' and Gents' Silk Umhrellas,\wlth horn, pearl,
natural wood and gun metal hajidles.
Ladles' and Gents' Best Makes Kid Gloves of Frencn,
English and German manufacture.
STORE OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS.
I
111, 113/115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET,
ABVEBTISEBTENTS.
EXPERT OPnOTA.TT.
HONORED IN HIS PROFESSION
A GRADUATE OPTICIAN
TSTicse new and exclusive methods In
examining and correcting most com-
plicated coses of defective eyesight
hare been approved by the HIGH-,
EST AUTHORITIES.
GEORGE MAYERLE
GERMAN EXPERT OPTICIAN
ADMIRAL G50. DEWEY
Joins in honoring Mr. Mayerle.
The following testimonials have
just been received:
Mr. Georgpe Hayerle, German Expert
Optician, 1071 1-2 Market street,
San Francisco—
My Dear Sir: I am 6till using with
ranch satisfaction the glasses you
sent me at Manila; also, the new ones
rait my eyes perfectly.
Very truly yours,
GEO. DEWEY.
From General ¥n. 3L Shafter.
Mr. (Jeo. Msyerle. San FrSLncisco-iDear Sir:
Ttt Flaaees milt fry you received ye»terfi«y.
I have never bem better fitted thaa with this
r*!r. V«ry truly yours,
WM. K. PHAPTER.
Major General. LT. 8. A.
From Chief of Folice Office.
Sir: Tfc# glasses you flttM for my eyei are
ana grtr-e perfect satisf&ctloo. I have
been uslr^ eiarsea for the last twelve years.
ead I BURt Bay that yours are superior to all
ethers. Respectfully. J. W. SHIELDS.
Sergeant of Police.
MA.TOtLE'B <~HRIPTMAS GLABSES WILL
BE raGHLY APPRECIATED.
rvrrR-M-A-Nr EYEWATEE 5Oc
Consultation, Examination and
Advice Free.
Open Evernng* T'ntll 9. Telephone Mint 257.
GEORGE MATERLE, Otman Expert Op-
tician, charter member American Association
t* OpUxSaxo. 10T14 Market etrect (oppo«lte Hl-
tierala Bank). Pan Pranc:»co. Cal.
CUT THIS OUT.
$ ST. SERMAiH 3!LLIaHD CO...P;.NY,
}. Foncerly JACOB STEAHLE * CO.,
* Established 1S52.
j| 4C9 M1EEET STREET, SAN FSaKOISCO.
t Maasfacturers of
t:- Etacdard BllUard and Pool Tables.
f LJiper and Steam Beer Pumps.
} Billiard Tables on Installments or
[ - Rented.
Congfregational Club Meets.
Th? December mpeting of the Congrega-
tional Club was held at the California
Hotel last evening. Addresses were made
by r>r. Charle? F. Thwlng of Cleveland.
on "The Puritan Idea In the National Life
of the East"; Rev. Charles R. Brown of
Oakland, on "The Puritan Idea In the Na-
tional Life on the Pacific Coast." and Sec-
retary H. J. McCoy of the Y. M. C. A., on
"What Part Shall the Puritan Idea Have
in the Civilization of the Far East?"
Be Sure and Attend
The {Treat est assignee sale of clothing. I
vrl'A sell to-morrow men's genuine worsted
•ults that cost $15 for $5 K; also 450 covert
cioth men's puits. worth $3) for JS 90
Opine or fc e, come all. to the Boston. 775
Market ftreet, near Fourth. P. c. Kcliv
Assignee. • *
McCarthy Issues a Challenge.
P. H. McCarthy; president of the Euild-
lr.jr Traces Council, has issued a challenge
to Contractor McGilvray to meet him "in
e public debate on questions of or^anizfd
labor and incidentally the issues of the
rr.illmen s strike. McCarthy takes rxcep-
l!pn to certmn statomrixs made by Me-'
Ollyrsy at h recent ffi».'linc of the Build-
rrs Kxchangre. lienrc the challenge. i
I THE
BLACK GOODS
i Hflirct
§ riuUOLi
| ' 1106 Market Street. <
9 TELEPHONE SOUTH 473.
I Tailor-Made Suits,
I Venetian and Wor-
d /t^n guaranteed materiaL
i uX\ W. $17.50, $20,
I i|M ' $22.50, $25.
1 { \W SHIRT WAISTS, new
I \\\ styles ....$6. 00
j / \\\ SHIRTWAISTS, new
I / \\\ styles- — $7.50
I OLj^ SH1BTWAISTS ' n8w
r ' styles-... $8.50
• 103 styles of NEWEST DRESS
I. SKIRTS, fins materials, from \
S5 to $15.
R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
The "DANN" RECLINING CHAIR
A Handsome Christmas /^^3T
Easy and Co^iiortaWe. £S?$£k£$Zj
Price $15. Come and sec it.
W. A. "&CHROCK;
19 New Montgomery Street.
30 Days Only,
% &§ DISCOUNT
| on Ah Platen, Crown* and
» Brldfcework.
m FiJlings, 60c Crowns, $3.50 *
Plates. SS.OO Full Set
B CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, [
\ . 24 Sixth Street. £
I.MMQNDLTy."
THISWtlX-KSOWS ANtJ nKLIACf-F OLO
'.I SpeclaibtrMW Blood Poison, OonorrliCPn.G'"'*
titrlctnr.-.Sfiiiliial Weakness. Impotence a»>i ' helr
•lllwl Divjrjleri. Hoolt on Diseases ot Me<. t'«.
OverSOTears'e.Tpereiic^.Te.rimreasnna-t'c. Hours,
9to3dally:«:30to«.30ev'Bs.i s «an<1»Ts.l0to l^. C>nanl-
tatlon free and sacredly cnnfldential. Call otaMnm
P. KONCOK IXcXULTY. M. »• '
S6K Kearny r*U, 8an Francisco, CeV
MARTIN
Is the name that stands for ex-
cellence in
Guitars and Mandolins.
The name is plainly burned in
the inside.
MARTIN models are closely
imitated; but never equaled.
If you want the best you must
purchase a MABTIN.
FOB SALE ONLY BY
CLARK WISE & CO.
Cor. Geary and Grant Avc. t*
WEBER PIANO AGENCY.
. Catalogue Free.
1 CAPH-OR-LITTI-E-AT-A-TIME. |
( Cooking Stoves.
/ hare the stovesi. and j
\ the prices are the very low-
1 est. See—
f CO9X ING *Q On im \
\ STO V ES from 00 1 U U UQ
/ i Heating Stoves ; just as I
I cheap in price-quality the - ' "
\ best. Ail guaranteed.
( THE J. NOON AN (
1 : FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc.,- -7
I 1017-1023 MISSION STREET
J . ABOVE SIXTH. -; ,:<
[ gpnth 14. Op«j evening. ." "W« proceed, gentlemen, along this
line, until we come to the return of Mr.
l^a.ke and of Mr. Raymond to The Call
oSkm. and there Mr. Raymond writes the
srricle in question from the very identical
r r, lw which he haxJ himself, with Ms own
Jiiind, talicn, as the words fell from the
;.p? of General "Warfield. and that article
rrpeare. after hiving passed the usual
routin- of correction in the ofllce. In the
osaaJ reV(i of the paper the following
ncrntaff. I ask you upon that subject.
ctr.tWnen. so far as the first branch of
rry arpumeat ls concerned, upon that «vl
dT.ce, upon the conduct ot Mr. Spreci:
c!s—and h" Is the only one who is de-
Ceoiant hereupon the conduct of Mr.
S:<recktls from the beginning to the end.
bo f*r as regards the conduct of his pa
\«r, bo far :'j regrji? his relation to the
l'ls'.ntlff here, so far as regards what he
hi-* dcr.e. In suppressing a former artlcl^ J
»- * far as r^ sards h!s being absent trom •
th* city at the time this Eitfcle vrzs con- ,
r'>.«rd and p-<l.'i:»-hcd. fco far as his ser.d
fr.jr for General Warneid the next day,
fc- order to aKcertaJn If there, was any
ihlr.g wronp. for th«* purpose of correct
ing It; the rare v.hlch was taken In gath- i
erins this information— I ask you to ac- 1
<iu!t, of vtottrrr <*l«e you may find him I
r'-llt;-, I »ek you to acquit the rfefendant |
Mr. Delmas — Very well. It Is not entire
ly material to the point. The point re
mains. This Is a suit to recover damages
for an Injured' reputation. It is not in
jured to toe extent of honesty or Integ
rity In business dealings. Nobody has
charged him with being a thief or an em
bezzler. The particular trait of reputa
tion which Is claimed to have been dam
aged by this article Is the trait which
would spring from personal chastity or
continence of conduct, the converse or
which would be profligacy _*o far as thd
other sex is concerned. Where is there
a single witness who has come forward
to testify that the implication from Mr.
Perkins' testimony that he at least had
stated to Mr. Leake that the Haron's
r< puation her© in tha.1 respect was. very
I jji ilirrr is there a sing!" witness who
hep come forward to say that the Baron's
r.^rma* 1011 ln tJl8t r^"V iC * ls not very
b*d?
he gave Mr. Leake, so that we might
have Mr. Leake's position at the time of
the publication, and that was my under
standing of the testimony.
The Court— My ruling upon Mr. Perkins'
testimony. Mr. Delmas, was that he
might testify as to any information that
Mr. Delmas— (Reading.) "His reputa
tion In regard to women was very bad, in
d«?ed." And the construction put upon
that language at the time. If your Honor
please, was what? Was that Perkins ha-1
no right to say eo? No; that the defend
ant had no right to prove the specific
traits of reputation of the plaintiff. While
he might go Into general reputation, he
could not select profligacy as a specific
point of reputation.
The Court— Judge Maguire stated that
Mr. Perkins testified that he informed Mr.
I^ake that the general reputation was
bad In this particular. But he did not
himself testify as to the fact, but simply
testified as to informing Mr. Leake, and
the testimony was admitted for that pur
pose.
Mr. Delmas— You may be Jast, Judge.
but you certainly are not generous. This.
If your Honor please. Is the testimony as
given us In the official record. I read
from rase 75: "I then told Mr. Leake
that the Baron'e reputation In the town
<->f Ban Rafael, during the period I had
bf>en here. I had lf.arned to be very bad."
The Court— That Is my recollection of
the testimony. That is what I stated.
Mr. Delmas- Tour Honor will pardon
me, I am not quite through.
The Court— Yes, sir.
Mr. Delmas — (Reading.) "In regard to ,
rnp fubjr-ct. I told n!m that I had never
yi^ard th* 1 Baron's honesty or integrity in
l'UFir.e-Fs questioned, but his reputation In
rogrard to women was very bad. Indeed."
The Court— That Is correct, sir.
Mr- Delmas — (Rradlng.) "Mr. Maguire"
—showing that your Honor understood it
as counsel understood It, and &s we un
•iorstood it— "we move to strike out the
an^w-es upon the ground that it Is not ad
misfible and Is Improper under any cir
cumstances. Testimony concerning: the
K^neral reputation of the plaintiff may be
given In evidence by the defendant, but
Jt is settled that evidence of reputation
for particular qualities or elements of
character or conduct are not admissible.
The Court — The motion Is denied."
The Court— Correct, sir.
Mr. Delrnas — Is not that testimony of
Mr. von Schroeder's reputation?
The Court— I understand that is correct
Mr. Perkins did not himself testify as to
the reputation, but he testified aa to in
forming Mr. Ijoake.
Mr. Delmas— I will Join lesue •with your
Honor upon that Fubject. because for the
nonce I herpen to be rtRbt.
• Mr. Maguire— Well. It is only once that
you are.
Mr. Mag-sire — Now, If your Honor
y>!ea*e, I aFk the court to check the %en
t!«aan in ?uch statement*. Mr. Perkins
*.-&s not permitted to testify concerning:
ugr matter of that klni. He testified that
he stated to Leake
carfls anfl Fp«nt the ni^ht In carousals;
no, not from the respectable families into
¦whose houses he may have hud entrance
SLEd etanfiir.p, fr<-»m the north to tha south
anfl from the mountains to the ocean, can
this man bring: one solitary human being
that win contradict the reputation which
Mr. Perkins says he bore Jn this city —
ti^at of a man whose reputation so fax as
wonen were concerned was that of a
j*rcfi!g-ate."
Ings; no. not from the fashionable people
•with whom he has drunk wine and played.
Baa Rafael, with whom he has had deal-
happens It that out of that whole crowd,
oxrt of this city. In the neighborhood in
v-hlch he has lived for so many yeare, not
•one Blngle human being 1?> or can be pro
duced; no, not from the humble people of
Let the tornado with its whirling arms seize upon its structure and scatter it to the four winds,
rather than that young matrons shall continue to spend, their time in its gambling- dens from the going
down of the sun until the rising thereof, and amid the fumes of wine and the rank odors of tobacco dis
sipate the hard-earned fortunes of their husbands.
Let it be blotted but until its very ruins shall perish, rather than that it shall continue to be a
haunt from which the young brids, her lips still tremulous with vows just pronounced at the altar, and
wearing upon her brow the white flowers of her hymeneal crown, shall be taken out at midnight to a
place of assignation, to be brought back at morn to dishonor -with hsr polluted body the bed of her un
suspecting husband. Aye, let it perish, and this community will be all the healthier, all the stronger,
all the better for it 0
But, gentlemen, stately &3 that structure is, attractive as are the grounds, the gardens and the
groves which surround it, what is it in comparison with the attractions which this country presents as a
place to invite and welcome the wsary to restP Baron von Schroeder may have destroyed that hotel as a
place of resort, but the hand which clothes your valleys with verdure, which plants the majestic trees on
the slope of your mountains and hangs the clouds upon the unsullied brow of Tamalpais will not be '
stayed in its munificence simply bacauss Baron von Schroeder shall have been expelkd from its borders.
Unfortunate man! I do not wish to speak harshly of him! "I desire to speak in moderation. I will
use no vituperation. His condition is one which must indeed excite the most profound pity of a generous
heart. Young, gifted, a nobleman in his own country, he came to our State to wed one of our own
daughters, that swest Irish girl that all knew as Mamie Donahue. Confiding in his manhood and in the
chivalry which his title implied, she gave into his hands her share of that bountiful fortune which her ,
father, by years of toil and industry, had accumulated. And how has he requited her love? How has
he repaid her confidence? Where is she now? Where are the children with whom she has blcssad his
homeP
Mr. Maguire (interrupting) — They are being educated in Europ?. ,
« Mr. Dalmas — Yes, exiled irom the land where they were born, where she was married— exiled
from the home where her father came as a humble pioneer. A California education is not good enough,
it seems, for a Baron's children. They must be sent abroad. Young barons, with the free blood of the
Donahues coursing through their veins. Their condition will be much improved by being sant there.
- WHERE ARE THE FRIENDS WHO CLUSTERED AROUND, HIM IN THE SUNSHINE OF
HIS FACTITIOUS PROSPERITY? WHERE ARE THEY? IN THIS HOUR OF SUPREME TRIAL,
WHEN HIS COUNSEL SAYS THERE IS SOMETHING MORE AT STAKE THAN HIS ' LIFE, DO
THESE FRIENDS .COME FLOCKING AROUND HIM? DO THEY ACCOMPANY HIM BACK AND
FORTH FROM HIS HOME TO POUR THE WORDS OF ' SOLACE OR OF HOPE AND GOOD CHEER
INTO HIS EAR? NOT ONE. ARMED BULLIES AND RUFFIANS MAY ATTEND TO PROTECT HIM
FROM THE VENGEANCE OF OUTRAGED HUSBANDS, BROTHERS AND FATHERS— FRIENDS
THERE ARE NONE.
The wife who might be here to cheer and comfort him is not. The children who might be here,
to attest at least with their innocent hearts that they loved their father and that he had been good to
them are not here. He stands:
s "Alone, alone— all, all alone,
Alone upon a wide, wide sea."
NOW, LET ME GIVE YOU ONE PIECE OF ADVICE, UNFORTUNATE MAN! YOUR CA
REER IN THIS STATE HAS BEEN STREWN WITH WRECKS. YOUR POSITION HERE NEITHER
COMMENDS- ITSELF BY THE PERFORMANCE OF GREAT PUBLIC SERVICES NOR BY, ACHIEVE
MENTS IN ANY WALK OF COMMERCE, INDUSTRY OR PROFESSION. YOU MAY NOT HOPE,
THEREFORE, TO TAKE UP THE BROKEN THREAD 'OF YOUR LIFE AND BY AMENDMENT
ACHIEVE SUCCESS OR EMINENCE IN THIS STATE.
RETURN, THEN, TO YOUR OWN COUNTRY. RETURN TO THAT LAND IN ' WHICH YOUR
TITLE GIVES YOU A STANDING, WHICH THE DISTANT WAVES OF THIS SEA OF SCANDAL
MAY NOT HAVE UNDERMINED OR DESTROYED. ¦
Prostrate yourself at the feet of that wife whom you h^ve
wronged! Out of the abundance of her great heart ask her
forgiveness !
Resume your rank in that army which your title and position gives you— an army second to
none but our own. Go forth if you may and fight the battles of your country. Go if you may with.
Waldersee to extend the limits of German cojiqusst and civilization to the outermost boundaries of the
Chinese empire. Go into the laboratories of Helmholtz. Carve out a new reputation and God be with
you- By your future conduct blot out the memory of your past shortcomings. Do not demand from this
jury what they cannot give you, and what would avail you little, a verdict against the evidence and the
law, to rspair your shattered reputation. Their province is justice. They have no function of mercy to
perform. Be the architect of your own new career; and, when vpu shnll hav2 achieved that career, then
standing perhaps a gray-haired man with your children and your grandchildren about you, under the
vaulted roof of some great cathedral built- perhaps by some ancestral Prince, Archbishop or Margravs, £
as the -white-robed priest standing at the altar prays God to forgive men their trespasses, you may on
your knees appeal to the mercy of him who told the erring woman to go and sin no more, and from
that mercy hope that he who fell like Magdalen, like her may be forgiven.
known; his reputation here, which may be
called his home. To the extent that that
reputation has been damaged, and no
more, the compensation in this case, if
any. if awarded, must go. But.. I repeat,
no compensation of any kind, no, not one
cent, not nominal damages, can be award
ed by you if in your conscience?, in your
deliberations, you shall determine that
the article as published Is substantially
true. I repeat, the first Inquiry is. Is this
article true in substance? If It is, your
la.bors are ended. The law demands of
you and the court will instruct you that
it Is your duty to return a verdict for the
defendant. .. V.'l /3
"The next incident upon that subject
that I desire to "call your attention to, and
I say It so as to permit my learned friend
and your Honor, If I am not pursuing a
proper course, to correct me. The next
circumstance that I desire to call your at
tention to, so far as the truth of the arti
cle la concerned, Is the fact that we wero
not permitted to show by evidence tha
Palace Hotel incident of the 10th of Octo
ber in which the plaintiff was Involved,
la there any objection?"
Mr. Magrulre— We raise no objection. . I
shall reply to It.
Mr. Delmae — Yes, sir. Would a man of
spotless reputation ever object to the In
troduction of that testimony? SupposG
one of you gentlemen were -accused of
committing a burglary. That would_^ af
fect your reputation, of course.. Suppose
that tho defendant proposed to prove that
In point of fact at a certain place-ante
ceding- the . particular, occasion-, you . had
committed a burglary in a -house, would
you, If you were | conscious .of your Inno
cence, object. to that. evidence? zlt-.a. man
had been accused of stealing cattle, would i
he claim that the particular charge was
false and that, therefore, his reputation
had been injured and that hte character
as an honest man is without spot or flaw,
and Is worth $250,000. would he obj.ect to
the defendant saying. "I propose to prove
that fifteen days hof ore. T charged- you
with stealing these particular • cattle you
i stole the oattle of yolir neighbor. s« and
Ujo." Would he object to it? Doe3 any
! man who has metal In bis hand which he
knows to be- pure' gold.- -which he pro
poses to sell as pure tfold. object to the
purchasers subjecting the article to .those
chemical tests which will determine its
value, any or all of them— does he?- If a
• man 'has a horee to "sell which he- war
rants to be squmi," or : represents to be
sound, if he is an honest man does he ob
ject to the purchaser subjecting. the horse
to careful Inspection, or even" bringing it
to the eye of a. surgeon? Isn't that.ob
jection made to an inquiry into conduct
by those « who ". know . that that : Inquiry
would be disastrous: to^ their claim? And
can there have been any other motive in
excluding the -testimony of the porter of
the; Palace Hotel, in- excluding '.the testi
mony of ; Mr. Spreckels and ofMr.Ltake
In regard to what had taken place On the
10th of October at' the Palace Hotel, ex
cept t*hat the metal which was offered a3
pure gold would - not stand the test of
chemistry and :that ' the- only ' safety -was
to palm it off under the cloak of silence?
\ "The next, gentlemen, that I desire to
call your attention to, the third circum-'
stance. Is: "Is'lt disputed in'thls case :that
the plaintiff during the' years , 1&98 and "1899
was accustomed to'sit'up In the clubhouse
of the Hotel Rafael. with rao'i and women
companions and drinking to excess until
the late hours or the night? Is that dis
puted? Is that not true? Let m» call
your attention to the testimony of certain
witnesses upon that pcint.
" Bernard Peters was coni.ected with
the clubroom from May to September,
1S98. He testified, that the^Baron was :n
the clubroom from 12 to 4 o'clock in «he
niorhing with women, " drinking; tie
women drinking, to use his own language,
often more than they could stand. Is not
this testimony of Bernard Peters corrob
orated? What does Mr. William S. Bal
lard say? He says he was the manager
of the clubhouse In the summer of li&&.
The -Baron i was in the clubhouse with la
dles frequently: late. at night, and they
usually drank four bottles of wine.
"Mr. Carl Schaubye says that the
women often drank too much, 'and on one
occasion one of, them '.was ¦ intoxicated.
"Mr. Thomas Flaherty says the women
were often Intoxicated., He describes the
sickncss.of one. a young:glrl, past mid
night, who fell fainting. In her chair, pale
and exhausted, and they had to send for
a physician and to take her in by, the side
door of the hotel, and he says that they
had. been drinking from- early In the even
ing. Is, not that; true?
"Heavy and late' drinking therefore Jn
this case : on frequent occasions; by the
Baron . with women." married -and .unmar
ried.-until they had drunk more/than they
couldLstand, and to put it in- the mildest
form , of one of. these witnesses, until ttoey
were frequently 4 drunk, and.; to put Jtiin
thej language; of two others;- until, as an
undisiuted fact, one of them became sick,
having commenced to drink early In the
evening, past -midnight, the doctor had to
LET THAT HOTEL BE FIRED BY THE TORCH OF THE INCENDIARY UNTIL NOTHING
BUT A HEAP OF SMOLDERING ASHES SHALI/ REMAIN, BATHER THAN THAT YOUNG GIRLS
SHALL CONTINUE TO DRAG THEIR WHITE ROBES THROUGH THE MIRE AND SLIME OF ITS
MIDNIGHT ORGIES UNTIL FALLING, OVERCOME BY WINE, THEY SURRENDER THE TREAS
URES OF THEIR PURITY INTO THE ARMS OF MERCILESS DEB-aUCHERE.
But, if this management is to continue in the future what it has been in the past, then, if a ver
dict in favor of the defendant shall ruin ths : business of that hotel and bar its doors against the ingress
of a single reputable guesr, I appeal to you as members of this community, as husbands of honorable
wives, as fathers of virtuous sons and daughters, to welcome those consequences.
Now, gentlemen, certain consequences , have been vaguely shadowed by my learned friend, cal
culated, according to his construction, to follow your rendering a verdict in favor of the defendant, for
that is the verdict we 'ask. Appealing to your interest in the welfars of this city, he' depicts the ruin
of this hotel as a place of public resort that must follow a verdict f or. the defendant. I do not apprehend
that any one of you believes that any such conssquences will follow. I do not doubt that, under p:o_.er nun
agement, it will continue to be in the future what it has been for many years in the past, a place of re
sort for persons seeking" in' the country recreation from their labors in the city. .
"The next proposition then goes to the
question. If there Is no occasion to pun
ish, and .no warrant for punishing Mr.
Spreckels, is there any warrant for com
pensating in this case? And upon that
subject I will divide what little I have
to say under two heads. There is no
compensation possible ll the things that
were published about the plaintiff here
were true; If these things were substan
tially true, If the conduct of Baron von
Schroeder held him up to the eyes of the
world and of the community as a man of
the character delineated in that article,
and you bo believe, and you so find, that
ends your inquiry. Under the laws of th s
country no man can be held civilly liable
for uttering a truth by word of mouth or
publishing it In print, no matter how in
jurions that truth may be to another. The
policy of our law requires that private
and public affairs in tnls free country
Ehall be carried on upon a basis of truth.
And whoever by word or print furthers
the cause of truth is a public benefac
tor, although it may possibly hurt the
feelings or the business of an individual,
the answer being. 'You have no business
to conduct yourself personally or to so
transact your business as that the truth
will injure you or it.'
"The first question is as I have stated,
and the second is: If the article is not
true, though you should find that It be
not true, then what is the value of that
reputation which is claimed to have been
injured? How far has it been injured?
"Taking up the first point, with refer
ence' to the truth of this article, we have
pleaded in our answer, as the law author
izes us to do. and we have put in evidence
testimony tending at least to prove— I will
designate it by no stronger term— the sub
stantial truth of the charges contained in
this article.
"Bear with me while I examine the wit
nesses upon that subject, and briefly re
hearse, for the sake of assisting your
memory, their testimony " upon that
point.
"The question is. Was the conduct of
Baron von Schroeder. as known, as mani
fested at the Hotel Rafael, of such a char
acter that it may be properly designated
to be the conduct of a profligate- man?
"The first witness upon that subject is
Mr. Krancls I-. Perkins. He had teea two
lady guests of the hotel in company with
the Baron and his brother, one of them a
married woman, at Panort's. And it
appeared from his conduct that he. the
Baron, was pretty fresh with women; en
tirely too loving with a lady for a mar
ried man:. his attentions to her a little too
marked for the attentions of a married
man to a married woman in public. The
Daren's reputation, he stated to Mr.
Leake. was very bad in the town of San
Rafael in regard to one subject. His rep
utat!on in regard to women was very bid
Indeed/) He had heard a great many eto
rles that had % been afloat in the community
regarding the Baron's connection with
•women.
"Now, we pass that, gentlemen, to the
next witness."
Mr", ilaguire— That is Perkins* testimony
you have been reading?
Mr. Delmas— Yes, sir. You will find that
at r^ges €3. 70. 71, 75 and 76 of the record,
which you doubtless have before you. As
1 have stated to you, gentlemen, "and beg
to repeat, this is an action not to recover
for the damages that may have been done
to the plaintiff's feelings. • In no way.
That is another matter. It is an action
that is brought for: the damages done to
his reputation; his reputation In the com
munity In which he lived, as it was
If Artlde Is False, Then Value
of Reputation Must Be
Ascertained.
NOT LIBEL IF
TRUTH IS TOLD
"The damages in this case being two
fold, and being grouped under these two
heads, ajl that I have said so far is mere
ly to convince your minds that whatever
else there may be in this case, upon which
I will address my remarks to you, certain,
ly there is no malice on our part, and was
no maJIce on the part of Mr. Spreckels
which would call at your hands for a pun
ishment such as would be inflicted upon a
criminal.
"Am I not warranted so far in making
that request? And In stating that we will
proceed henceforth in the progress of this
argument, leaving out of the discussion
entirely any question of malice which
would call for punishment, and that is the
only thing that it could call for— not mere
compensation, but punishment. Let me
explain to you, gentlemen, who are not
lawyers, that any man against whom a
false publication Is made, any man
against whom a slander Is uttered by
word of mouth, or a libel in print, which
Is not true— which is not true, mark you—
has a right of action, and a cause of ac
tion from the very fact that It is not true,
because to the extent that It may be be
lieved to be true by his neighbors and
friends, his reputation Is damaged, and to
that extent he is entitled to recover com
pensation, just as much as he
would be entitled to recover com
pensation for the loss of an arm or a
leg in a railroad accident. He is entitled
to recover the value of th,g reputation
which has been injured by a false libel,
or false slander, just as much as he would
be entitled to for a personal injury- There
is another element: If the person who
published the libel, or who uttered the
slander, or who cut off your arm, was
actuated In doing eo by malice, by a spirit
of vindictiveness. by a consciousness that
he was doing you knowingly a wrong, dis
seminated a slander about you which ne
knew to be false, and did it for the verr
purpose of wreaking his vengeance upon
you. and injuring you, then, and then
only, does the law authorize you by your
verdict to punish the man for the malice
that was in him. /
being actuated by a malicious motive in
making this publication.
Continued From Pag« Fourteen.
Men of Jury and in the Au
dience Affected to Tears
by the Advocate's Words
Twelve Peers of Plaintiff
Weigh Evidence ancl Find
Verdict for the Defendant
DELMAS' EXORDIUM TO THE BARON.
be sent for. and her sickness wa3 of such
a character that she was taken into the
holt! not by the front door, which is the
nearest to the clubroom. but by a secret
or aide door. Is not that true? Let the
counsel dispute it. What does his clients
say upon that subject? Do they deny the
meeting of the plaintiff and his brother
and other companions, though they were
frequently alone with these women, two
or more, married and unmarried, at the
clubhouse night after night, drinking
champagne, drinking whisky, drinking
beer, drinking ale? Do they deny it? Do
they deny that the drinking continued
often from early in the evening until as
late as 3 or 4 o'clock in the morning? Do
they deny it? Do they deny that one of
the women, a young girl, unmarried, be
came ill there in the very act of drinking,
having commenced the carousal early in
the evening, became sick after midnight,
and a doctor had to be sent for and she
had to be carried secretly into the hotel?
Do they deny it? No. They think that
they have taRen away the whole sin. they
think that ttiey have restored the bloom
of virtuous maidenhood and virtuous ma
tronhood upon the cheeks of these women
companions of the saturnalian carousals
when they draw the line and say they
v.ere not drunk. I will admit, if you
please, that they were not drunk. But
vi hat Is the condition of a woman who
has corr-nienced drinking as early as 8 at
night and continues drinking until 4 in
the morning, keeping that up day after
day until they were known as the Baron's
crowd or as the Baron's party? Had you
a son growing up into manhood would
you have him select a wife from such a
class of women? And if >'ou would not,
is it not because conduct of that kind
meets with your reprehension? And If
you would not. will you not visit your
censure upon the man. one of mature
years, a man of position, a ir; n bearing
a title which I have no doubt is In his
country a badge of honor and of respect,
however worthless it may be in our re
publican institutions: he himself married,
having children? If you would, gentle
men, by your verdict approve of his con
duct in taking these young. matrons and
these young girls to the clubhouse and
spending the hours of nlght>in drinking—
is that the course of an honorable or a
moral man?
"I pass to the next point, as to the
gambling. Is that denied? Have either
of these witnesses, the only ones intro
duced upon this question, the Baron anl
his brother, have they denied that they
were in the habit of gambling at the club
house with women? Have they denied
that the gambling parties were in the
habit of commencing early in the evening
and continuing until the hotel manage
ment forced them to put out the lights?
Has that been denied? Carl Schauby;
says that these gambling parties lasted
until 3 or 4 o'clock In the morning. Mr
Bocqueraz, their own witness, says, and I
quote his own language. 'They usually
commenced at S o'clocK In the evening'
'i.K-y were, then, all-night affairs. Did
these gambling affairs create any scan
dal? A lot of men and women playing
a gambling game for money, drinking
wine and whisky and gin and ale for eight
hours, at the dead of night— is that con
duct which, if tolerated by the manage
ment of a hotel, is calculated to escape
the prying eyes of attention? Is it cal
culated not to injure the reputation of
that hotel? Is it not conduct which would
drive away any honest woman, which
would keep away any honest family from
there? I leave it to you. Is it possible
that hojiest men can differ upon that
question? ' ••":=¦
"Schaubyc says one night at 3 o'clock,
while they were gambling with a lady hi
the party, half a dozen gentlemen and
one lady— after having commenced, prob
ably, as usual, about 8 o'clock— at 3 o'clock
in tlie morning \Mr. Schaubye, v;ho hail
charge of the place, came in and- told the
Baron that Mrs. Warneid said the lights
must be put out. The lady became in
dignant, would not have it. She was in
toxicated, says Schaubye. Is it unlikely
that she was? Mr. Schaubye says: *I
came again later and told them that Mrs
Warfield insisted upon the lights being
put out, and the. Baron said that he
wished three or four more jack-pots, and
then they would go.' Is that denied? Has
Baron ven Schroeder denied that? Has
his brother denied it? Has either of the
two witnesses who were brought here, for
they were members of that party, denied
that they had played poker all that night
until the management of the hotel or
dered the lights to be put out: and they
came again and the Baron insisted upon
having his play, notwithstanding that.
Does any one deny that?
"Take a third point: The companions of
the Baron, one particular married woman
at that hotel having been commented on
by the witnesses as a source of notorious
scandal. Is that true? Mr. Perkins be
gins by telling you that he had notice
at the Fairfax Villa that the conduct of
the Baron toward a married woman, or
p. couple of them who were there, was not
such aft became his position as a married
man; he wan altogether too loving to
them, he says, to be so characterized.
Raymond O'Neil tells you that there was
a particular married woman in that hotel
whesa husband's business called him to
San Francisco in the day time, and that
he had frequently seen the Baron in the
afternoon Issuing from that lady's room.
Is that denied? It Is not.
Baron.
ATTENTSONS TO
MARRIED WO MEN
Question of Veradtu Between
Humble Walter and the
"Mr. Bernard Peters says that on one
occasion when he brought wine Into the
room ! with - schooners to drink out of he
found a certain married woman seated on
the Baron's lap. Have they denied that.'
They : 'do /deny it. - It'ls a question of
Attorney for Defense Makes
Magnificent Plea for Pur
ity of American Wojnen.
Advises the Baron to Turn
Advantages of Birth and
Wealth to Honest Effort.
"At that time he says the married
woman's husband was away from tho
tibtel. Mr. Ballard says further that on
one occasion at 1 o'clock at night tho
Baron gave him $5.' telling him to keep
watch for his wife, the Baroness, and If
she made her appearance at one« to no
tify him. The fact that the Bvca gav«
"William S. Ballard in that same con
nection says that on one occasion after
he had brought a bottle of wine into the
room where they were drinking, the un
married woman took the bottle, saying.
"This is for my boy.' or 'my Baron. Alex,
and me'; that he thereupon brought In
another bottle upon the order'of the mar
ried woman and the Baron — that is, th*
plaintiff here, when he found that woman
seated on the Baron's lap, and the other,
the unmarried woman, sitting on hla
brother's lap."
"To proceed with my argument at the
point where- I left off. I had already mads
some comments on the testimony of Mr.
Edward R. Ross, who say3 that the Ba
ron frequented the clubhouse with a mar
ried woman, to whom he paid marked at
tention?, and that the lights on the porch
were frequently turned out when the
Baron sat there, and that the lady was
sitting there on his lap. - .
Mr. Delmas— There is one fact which
tht learned counsel seems to have over
looked. I have a^ right to state my posi
tion before you gentlemen. I am not th»
judge. It is sufficient for me to state my
position. His Honor, as to questions of
law. will determine whether my position
is right. As to questions of fact, you will
determine whether I am right or whether
the counsel Is right. And I was saying
in that connection, if your Honor please,
and for the benefit of counsel, that to
state what I meant, more clearly than I
can express it. I will state it In these
words (reading): 'Mental pain or anxiety
tho law cannot value, and does not pre
tend to redress, when the unlawful act
complained of causes that alone, though*
where a material damage occurs, and is
connected with it. it is Impossible that a
Jury in estimating it should altogether
overlook the feelings of the party inter
ested.' And you will find, gentlemen, that
the complaint In this case, signed by my
learned friend and his associate, claims
damages for injury to the reputation, and
to that alone, 'tha't by reason of said
printing and publishing and circulation,*
etc., 'of said false, malicious, scandalous
and defamatory words, the plaintiff was
exposed to obloquy, hatred and contempt.
and has sustained' — ¦what? — 'great Injury
to his good name, fame, credit and repu
tation, to his damage In the sum of $250,-
OCO.*
Mr. Maguire— Of course I want It under
stood that I do not assent by being st
lent.
The Court— You have the close. Judge
Maguire, and you can answer it If neces
sary.
The Court— I will say In response to that,
gentlemen, simply this.' that itometimes It
becomes necessary for counsel in making
their arguments to the Jury to state upon
what legal theory they are proceeding.
Mr. Delmaj Is stating his theory of the
law. It will ultimately be the duty of
the court to instruct the jury as to what
the law Is. and the jury will, of course.'
have to follow the instructions of tha
court.
Mr. Maguire— I object to that statement
of a proposition of law and say that it
!s incorrect. ~ '¦->.''-¦-
"Before proceeding with 'my argument,
gentlemen, one part of niy remarks, which
has been called to my attention, may hav\>
been misunderstood f. y you. as It has been
misunderstood apparently by same, others
who heard it. I stat^i to you that an ac
tion of this kind is brought to recover
damages for an injury to reputation. Tha
defamation of the good name and stand
ing in the community and the injury to
that good name, fame and standing.
which constitutes reputation, is what we
lawyers term the gist of the action. And if
the. Jury find that the plaintiffs reputa
tion was bad. that he had no reputation
to lose, there is an cml to the case. If.
however, the jury find that he had a. rep
utation and that that reputation has been
affected, then another inquiry is institut
ed. And let me state -italn. if he had no
reputation, it makes no difference that the
article may have caused him pain. This
pain that it caused him. If he had no rep
utation to lose, cannot be made the basis
of a recovery- But if he had a reputation
and that reputation has been injuriously
affected, then, beyond question, the. pain
which he suffered as a result of the losa
of his reputation is a proper element of
damage in the case. That is what I in
tended to say. gentlemen, but what I may
not have said clearly."
At this point recess was taken until 1:30
p. m.. at which time the argument was
resumed as follows:
"Mr. Edward R. Koss sava the Baron
frequented the clubhouse with a married
woman to whom he- nnid marked atten
tions; and further, that the lights on thai
porch were frequently turned out when
the Baron sat there with a lady sitting
on h>s lar>. Is that denied? Yes, to tho
extent of the lady's sittinjr on his lap. Is
it denied that the light? were turned out?
No. Ts it denied that when the lights*
were turned out the features of persons
sitting on the porch could not be recog
nized? No. Ts it denied that you could not
?ee what they were dol.ijr when the lights
were turned out? No. AH that la admitted.
But. forsooth, the younger Baron says
that their delicate eyes were offended by
the glare of the light i and that that was
the only reason they j_ut them out. Judge
for yourselves, gentlemen, who Is tailing
the truth upon that subject."
veracity upon that j::bject hetw«»en thf*
humWe waiter and incse titled gentle
men. He says further that on another
occasion tb« Baron bad his arm around
this married woman. .'iatl his right arm
around her and was holding her loft han<l
In his and was callln? her 'My dear.' Is
thut dented? It Is not. The same witness
teJIs you that h* was asked- by the Baron
to slve him warning when he was at the
clubhouse if his wife came in sizht. If
hla conduct at the clubhouse were char
acterized with propriety such a warnlns
was entirely superfluous.
OFFENSES AGAINST PUBLIC MORALITY RECEIVE
REBUKE IN A CALIFORNIA COURT OF JUSTICE
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY; DECEMBER 23, 1900.
i dwuu L\J Wj OL
><t th«? »;rave charge lhat has beenjnade
i^gainst him tn Mr. Macuire"s opening; of
Paffps 23 to 32"Now. gentlemen, certain consequences
have been vaguely shadowed by ray
learned friend, calculated, according to
his construction.' to follow your rendering
a verdict In favor of the defendant, for
that is the verdict we ask. Appealing to
your. Interest in the welfare of this city,
he TTeplcts the ruin of this hotel as a place
of public resort that must follow a ver
dict for the defendant. I do not appre
hend that any one of you believes that
any such consequences will follow. I do
not doubt that, under proper management,
it will continue to be In the future what It
has been for many years in the past, a
place of resort for. persons seeking in the
country recreation from their. labors In
the city.
"But if this management is to continue
in the future what it has been In the past,
then If a verdict In favor of the defendant
shall ruin the business of that hotel and
bar Its doors against the ingress of a sin
gle .reputable guest, I appeal to you as
members of this community, as husbands,
of honorable wives, as fathers of virtuous
sons and daughters, to welcome those
consequences. . Let that hotel be fired by
the torch of .the incendiary until nothing
but a- heap of. smoldering ashes shall.re
main rather than that young girls shall
Heaven win still Smlie U ttie
Baron Be Expelled From
the Valley.
"General Warfleld stated to Mr. Leake
and to Mr. Raymond that the Baron had
debauched in the hotel a young woman
who had come there as a virtuous girl
but was susceptible to flattery. Now,
could not Baron von Schroeder have de
nied these things? He did not deny them.
And if we take the facts independent of
these which the learned counsel has so
repeatedly challenged, is it not sufficient
for the purposes .of this case when we
justify this publication to hold up to the
world the true character of this man?
We ask you to accept as facts the undis
puted circumstances which I have re
tailed to you, thirteen in number, begin
ning with the ride to Pastorl's. the drink
ing parties, the gambling parties, the fre
quent visits to married women's rooms,
the order of Mrs. Warfleld to put out the
light, the giving of $3 to Ballard, the wo
man's paying for the wine, the calling- of
this married woman 'dear* In the presence
of the waiter, the drinking of four bot
tles of champagne usually — Is that not
sufficient to give some character to the
conduct of this plaintiff? And if these
things are true, were they not sufficient
to affect the reputation of that hotel and
to' drive away respectable people, fam
ilies, from there? And if they were, gen
tlemen, if the circumstances that I have
detailed, the principal ones of which have
been testified. to by the witnesses that I
have dwelt upon, if they are proved to
your satisfaction to be true— and how can
the ride to Pastori's be called In question
when the plaintiff does not deny It? — If
these things are proved to your satisfac*
tion to be true, then I have reached the
second important point of my inquiry In
this case, the alleged libelous article in
this case was true— true In substance.
The gist of it is established and the case
is at an end. For as I have already stat
ed to you and as the court will instruct
you, if you find that this article was in
substance true, if you find that It was
substantial, a faithful portrait of the con
duct of the Baron In this hotel and in it's
vicinity during the period covered by the
article, the charge of libel is justified, for
the very first definition of a libel is that
it must be a false publication. If it is
true It is not a libel and the truth Is a
complete and absolute not only justifica
tion but a complete and absolute defense.
CONSEQUENCES
FORESHADOWED
Mr. Delmas— That is quit,e a correct
statement of the law and one In which I
entirely acquiesce. And let me say in
passing that any interruption which coun
sel may make of my argument Is perfectly
welcome upon the assumption that it is
rhade in compliance with the rules of good
breeding, and when he says I make these
statements knowing them to be false, he
Is violating the rules of proper courtesy,
and Is stating what Is absolutely untrue.
The Court— The jury will be Instructed
that the testimony given by gentlemen as
to the information that was given to Mr.
Leake and Mr. Spreckels is to be consid
ered solely by them in determining the
question of express malice — cannot be
taken by them as tending in any degree
to prove the truth of any of the matters
In the alleged libelous article.
Mr. Maguire— Counsel is making state
ments for which there is no evidence and
which he knows to be false.
cacy of counsel for the law is about as
evident as is his delicacy in hurting the
feelings of these poor defenseless wit
nesses. He did not scruple to do the one,
and if It served his purpose you may con
jecture yourselves whether he would not
at least make an effort to prove the other.-
Now, gentlemen, following that line. Mr.
Perkins did'state, nay. General Warfield
did state, in the presence of Mr. Leake
and of Mr. Raymond, that a young lady
at the hotel had been ruined by the
Baron's machinations and those of his
brother. Did the Bnron deny it? It is
proved as a fact that General Warfleld
said so. Said what? The learned counsel
is very hilarious, and it is gratifying to
see that he is in excellent humor, because
we shall get along faster.
cause they are humble, and because they
have no other crime than poverty, de
nounce them with a vocabulary which
would fit the mouth of a. fishwife or a
common scold? Perjurers? Scoundrels?
Jailbirds? Hobo witnesses? Perjured vil
lains? Men upon whose faces' the very
stamp of crime is Impressed? And so
with the whole vocabulary which my
learned friend has Indulged in, much to
my astonishment and my profound reg'ret.
"Poor Bailey comes in for the most *of
this abuse. He is everything that is vile.
"Were he to approach my friend on the
street he would instinctively clap one
hand upon his watch and the other* upon
his hip pocket to secure his purse and his
money. He tells you that were he to look
in the criminal records at the City Hall
in San Francisco he would be quite sure
to find the name of Bailey there on the
prison record, or his picture in the
rogues' gallery. Hasn't he looked? Why
hasn't he. Bailey's deposition was taken
on the 2Cth of June, six months ago. The
learned counsel was present. He had the
amplest opportunity to cr.oss-examlne him.
Did Bailey say anything in his deposition
different from what he stated on the
stand? No. Ileay no, because if he had
the learned counsel would promptly have
said as to that, as he pointed out in other
things, 'Mr. Bailey, didn't you, in the
deposition given in Colonel Preston's of
fice, in my presence and In his
presence, say bo and so?' Bailey
then, on the 26th of June, told him
in his presence and in his hearing
of the identical circumstance which he
has testified to upon the stand. If true
it was a damaging circumstance. If that
Been© took place upon that green slope in
that grove of trees the way he describes
It it holds up this man to the scorn and
indignation of every right-minded indi
vidual, nobody can doubt, and" the learned
counsel positively affirms. If Bailey was
the bad character that he says he is; if
he was certain that his picture would be
found in the rogues* gallery, if he had a
criminal record and his name would be
found upon the jail books, why has not it
been found? The. learned counsel, with
the wealthy Baron, his client, by his side,
has had all his wealth or rather his wife's
wealth, what is left of It, at his disposal
in order to make, the investigation, and
he has not found one word against poor
Bailey. He is not a criminal. His name
Is not on the prison books. His picture
is not In the rogues' gallery. His past
life has not been such as the counsel
would have yom believe. He Is absolutely
proof In his integrity against all things. 1
except one— a denunciation which is not
generous, because it cannot be answered
by him. It is not a very noble .undertak
ing, gentlemen, because a man is com
pelled, either by a sense of justice or by
the process of the law to go into a court
of Justice and give his testimony. It is
not a proof of very- great generosity to
abuse him with all the vile epithets of
the Billingsgate calendar when he I3 ab
solutely powerless to defend himself, and
when, if he were in^the courtroom and
should rise to his feet to make his feeble
protest against it he would at once be
ordered by the Sheriff to sit down.
"I say that the learned counsel In his
denunciation of these witnesses, in my
humble judgment, has carried things too
far.
"I desire to call your attention to an
other thing. The testimony of Mr. Jewell,
If true, was of itself a complete
Justification of this alleged libel. Was
it not? "Would you not say that
that single thing, if proven to your
satisfaction, would Justify the pub
lication of this article in the newspa
per, would Justify General "Warfleld in
giving up the lease? Mr. Jewell had to be
got out of the way in some way. And
what Is the way? Jewell is denounced as
a base, perjurer; as a perjured scoundrel,
as a man without honor and without rep
utation. And in' order to prove that Jew
ell, who has lived in this community, I
think he says twenty-nine or thirty years,
in order to prove that his reputation in
this community is bad, in order wantonly
to strike him down and besmirch him in
the defense of this plaintiff here, two wit
nesses are brought forward out of th's
whole community' -where Jewell must
have, commenced to live when he was
comparatively a young man, if not a boy,
the dragnet of the Baron is extended over
this community and two fish are caught.
They are of the same kind, and ' their
name Is Murray.
"Gentlemen, there is an old proverb
which time proves true, 'Like father, like
son." Do you remember the elder Mur
ray? An old man ready, standing upon
the brink of the grave to go to that
judge who makes no errors in his judg
ment, and account for his life. And that
man, with uplifted hand, knowing the
solemnity of this occasion, and the grav- i
lty of the duty which he is. called upon to
perform, asked a simple question whether
he is tho father of the preceding witness
who had sworn that, he was his son, says,
with a leer and a grin, 'I suppose so, but
you know a man can never, be sure of
those things.' He assail, he Impeach the
reputation of any living human being,
however degraded? He? The man who
almost within the hearing of his gray
haired wife, upon this very stand assailed
her reputation by proclaiming that he was
not certain that he was the. father of her
child? Will you take his voucher? A
man whoso feelings, whose senses of del
icacy or of honesty are of that kind, will
you take his voucher to impeach Mr.
Jewell, and will you take that, when out
of this whole community, they alone are
produced to prove m. fact which, to be
valuable at all, must be a fact of general
notoriety, for It is general reputation that
they testify to when they confess that
they were that day and at the very hour
at which they testified in the employ of
the plaintiff In this case, and are driving
him backward and forward and his co
horts and his armed satellites back and
forth from this court room? It is the
desperation, the last act of a despairing
cause, and I submit to your judgment the
act of Impeachment of Mr. Jev.fll was
perfectly unwarranted, perfectly unjusti
fied, it was wanton, cruel, vindictive, and
it was the despair of the writhing snake
that stings itself and .kills Itself with its
own venom.
"Gentlemen, !et me rehearse the things
in this case which are undisputed. If I
make any error as to any one of them
the learned counsel may rest assured that
he will afford me neither inconvenience
nor displeasure by setting me right, and
with that announcement I will read to you
the things which Baron J. H. von
Schroeder does not deny.
"He does not deny the riile out to Pas
tori's, which Mr. Jewell has described. He
does not deny leaving the hotel at the
hour stated, about 10:30. He does not
deny remaining behind with the bride.
He dogs not deny returning at 3 or 3:30
in the morning. He does not deny their
entering the hotel by a side door. All
that he and all that his brother deny in
that matter is the drunkenness of the
bride upon her return. He does not deny
the drinking parties of men and women
at the clubhouse, continued from parly
evening until as late as 3 or 4 o'clock in
the morning. He does not deny the gam
bling parties at the clubhouse between
men and women, playing poker and jack
pots, whatever that may be, commencing
at 8 o'clock in the evening and continu
ing until 4 o'clock in the morning. He
does not deny the frequent visits to the
married lady's room in the afternoon
during her husband's absence. He does
rot deny the repeated orders of Mrs. 'War
flejd to put out the lights, given as late
as 3 or 4 o'clock in the morning. - He does
not deny that the party composed of him
self, his brother and two women, one of
them married and the other unmarried,
constituting what is known as the Baron's
party, separated into pairs after having
commenced their drinking in one room,
and each pair occupied a separate room.
He does not deny the giving of $5. to Bal
lard at one time to keep a watch on his
wife and if she approached the clubroom
to give him warning. He does not deny
that trtis married woman frequently paid
for the very* wine which he and his
brother drank in these drunken carousels.
He did not deny that on one occasion
when the waiter came in this same wo
man was standing by him. he having his
arm around her waist and holding her
left hand In his and that he called her
'My dear/ and that she on that occasion
paid for the wine. He did not deny that
there was. drunk on these- carousals
usually four bottles of wine— Dry Mumm;
that was the brand they preferred. He
does not deny that these women drank
gin, whisky, spirits and beer.. He does
not deny that on one occasion when a bot
tle of champagne had been ordered the
waiter was called again and found the
unmarried one having hold of the bottle
and saying, 'This is for my boy, my boy
Alex.' That thereupon another bottle of
wine -was ordered for the elder Baron
and his married companion.. He does not
deny the girl's sickness at past midnight
when they had commenced drinking early
in the evening. He did not deny that this
girl was in such a condition that a doctor
had to*be sent for to attend her. He does
not deny that there were stories afloat in
the city of San Rafael about his conduct
with women. • •
Mr. Maguire— There is no such evidence
to deny.
Mr. Delmas — There is.
Mr. Maguire — No, sir; not a word.
Mr. Delmas— There was evidence that
Mr. Perkins stated to Mr. Loake that
these stories were arioat here, and is not
that evidence of the fact? •
The Court— That stands in the same po
sition as to the testimony as to reputa
tion.
Mr. Delmas — I will make myself clear,
gentlemen. Mr. Perkins did say to Mr.
Leake that these stories were afloat here
In San Rafael, did he not?
WHAT INNOCENT
MAN WOULD DO
Plaintiff's Course in His Trial
. Not Conducive to Faith in
His CqusGi
"Place yourselves in . the Baron's posi
tion, fighting for your reputation, asking
a verdict of $200,000 as the value of that
reputation and hoping to get it, for* the
learned counsel says that what he want*
Is a cool $250,000. Suppose that you knew
that you were perfectly Innocent. Sup
pose that you heard that a man had said
these things about you and you came
upon the stand, in a matter of reputation
and proved It. Would not you say If you
could that you would bring witnesses to
prove that that was not a fact——"
Mr. Magulre (interrupting)— Because the
law- would not' permit us to do it, and the
court would not, because H , would follow
the law.
The Court— You have the closing argu
ment. Judge Magulr*. 1
Mr.: Delmas— Counsel's Interruptions do
not interrupt me at all. Th» tMuler deli-
WHAT THE BARON DID NOT DENY.
-?— —
"Gentlemen," said Mr. Delmas in his argument, "let me rehearse the things in this, case which are undisputed. If
C make any error as to any one of them the learned counsel may rest assured that he will affprd me neither Incon
•enience nor displeasure by setting me right, and with that announcement I will read to you the things which Baron
r. H. von Schroeder does not deny":
He does not deny the ride out to Pantorl'a wiilcli Mr. Jexrell lia* described.
He doei) not deny leaving: the hotel at the hoar Mated, abont half-pant 10.
He does not deny remnlnlngr behind with the hride.
lie' does not deny retnrnlun at 3 or half-pant 3 In the morning.
He does not deny their entering? the hotel by n side door. All that he and all that hts brother
deny In that matter Is <bc drunkenness of the bride upon her return.
He doen not deny the drinking parties of men and women at the clubhouse, continued from
** l » rl 5" evening: nntll an late as 3 or -* o'clock in the mornlnfr. • .
He does not' deny the srambltngr parties at the clubhouse betrreen men and -women, playing poker
and Jackpots, whatever that may be, commenclnir at 8 o'clock In the evening and continuing until 4
o'clock In the morning.
He docs not deny the frequent visKx to the married lady's room in the afternoon daring her
husband's absence. t
He does not deny the repeated order* of Mm. Warfleld to put out the lights, given an late ai 3
or 4 o'clock in the morning. *
He does not deny that the party composed of. himself, his brother and two •women, one ot them
married and the other unmarried, constituting -what is Unonn as the Baron's party, separated into
pairs after having commenced their drinking In one room, and each pair occupied a separate room.
He does not deny the frlvlner of five dollars to Bnllnrd at one time to keep a v watch on bis wife,
and If ebe approached tlie clubroom to grive tilih warning-
He docs not deny thnt this mnrrled woman frequently pnlrt for the very vrlne which he and his
brother drank in these drunken carousals.
He did not deny- tl;at on one occasion when the -waiter came in, this same woman -was standing
by him, be having his arm around her wnint and holding her left hand in his, and that he called her
"Mr dear," and that she on that occasion paid for the wine.
He did not deny that there was drunk on these carousals usually four bottles of wine.
He does not deny that these women drank gin, whisky, spirits and beer.
He does not deny thnt on one occasion when a bottle of champagne had been ordered the waiter
was called again and found the unmarried one having hold of the bottle and saying, "This Is for ray
boy, my boy Alex." That thereupon another bottle of -wine -was ordered for the elder Baron and bis
married companion.
He does not deny the girl's sickness at past midnight, when they had commenced drinking early
In the evening. He did not deny that this girl was in such a condition that a doctor had to be sent for
to attend her.
He does not deny tbht there were stories afloat In the city of San Rafael about his conduct with
women. *
Maaulre Closes With Further
Denunciation or the
Witnesses.
ARGUMENT FOR
THE PLAINTIFF
"Now, let me give you one piece of ad
vice, unfortunate man! Your career in
this State has been strewn with wrecks.
Your position here neither commends It
self by the performance of great public
services, nor by achievements in any
walk of commerce, industry or profession.
You may not hope, therefore, to take up
the broken thread of your life and by
amendment achieve success or eminence
in this State. Return, then, to your own
country. Return to that land in which
yo\ir title gives you a standing, which the
distant waves of this sea of scandal may
not have undermined or destroyed. Pros
trate yourself' at the feet of that wif
whom you have wronged. Out of the
abundance of her great heart ask her for
giveness. Resume your rank In thut
army which your title and position gives
you— an army second to none but our
own. Go forth if you may and fight the
battles of your country. Go, If you may,
with Waldersee to extend the limits of
German conquest and civilization to the
outermost boundaries of the Chinese em
pire. Go into the laboratories of Helm
holtz. Carve out a new reputation, and
God be with you. By your future conduct
blot out the memory of your past short
comings. Do not demand from this jury
what they cannot . give - you, and what
would avail you little, a verdict against
the evidence and the law. to repair your
shattered reputation. Their province is
justice. They have no function of mercy
to perform. Be the architect of your own
new career; and, when you shall have
achieved that career, then standing per
haps a gray-haired man with your chil
d»en and your grandchildren about you
under the vaulted roof of some great
cathedral built perhaps by some ancestral
prince, archbishop or margrave, as the
white-robed priest standing at the altar
prays God to forgive men their trespasses
you may on your knees appeal to the
n>ercy of him who told tho erring woman
to go and sin no more, and from that
mercy hope that he who fell like Magda
len, like her may be forgiven."
Alone, alone— all, all alone.
Alone upon a wide, wide sea.
Mr. Delmas — The wife who might be
here to cheer and comfort him. Is not.
The children who might be .here to attest
at least with their Innocent hearts that
they loved their father and that he had
been good to them are not here. He
stands
Mr. Delmas— I look, gentlemen, to the
place where the noble Baron's friend3 sit.
Mr. Maguire (Interrupting) — Where are
Spreckels' friends?
The Court— Mr. Maguire, you have the
closing argument.
Mr. Magulre (interrupting)— I submit
there is no such evidence as the gentle
man is retailing here.
The Court— Mr. Delmas simply said
"may."
Mr. Delmas— Yes, exiled from the land
where they were born, where she was
married— exiled from the home where her
father came as a humble pioneer. A Cali
fornia education is not good enough. It
seems, for a Baron's children. They must
be sent abroad. Young barons . with the
free blood of the Donahues coursing
through their veins! Their condition will
be much Improved by being sent there.
Where are the friends who clustered
around him in the sunshine of his fic
titious prosperity? Where are they? In
this hour of supreme trial, when hi3 coun
sel says thera io something more at stake
than his life, do these friends come flock
ing around him? Do they accompany
him back and forth from his home to
pour the words of solace or of hope and
good cheer into his ear? Not one.
Armed bullies and ruffians may attend to
protect him from the vengeance of out
raged husbands, brothers and fathers
friends there are none.
"Unfortunate man! I do not wish to
speak harshly of him! I desire to speak
In moderation. I will use no vituperation.
His condition is one which must Indeed
excite the most profound pity of a gener
ous heart. Ynune:, gifted, a nobleman In
his own country, he came to our State to
wed one of our own daughters, that sweet
Irish girl that all knew as Mamie Dona
hue. Confiding in his manhood and In the
chivalry whlsh his title Implied, she con
fided into his hands her share of that
bountiful fortune which her father, by
years of toil and Industry, had accumu
lated. And hew has he requited her love?
How has he repaid her confidence? Where
is she now? Where are the children with
whom she has blessed his home?"
Mr. Magulre (interrupting)— They are
being educated in Europe.
"But, gentlemen, stately a3 that struc
ture Is, attractive as are the grounds, the
pardens and the groves which surround
it, what is it in comparison with the at
tractions which this country presents as
a place to Invite and welcome the weary
to rest. Baron von Schroeder may have
destroyed that hotel as a place of resort,
but the hand which clothes your valleys
with verdure, which plants the majestic
trees on the'slope of your mountains and
hangs the clouds upon the unsullied brow
of Tamalpais will not be stayed In its
munificence simply because Baron von
Schroeder shall have been expelled from
its borders.
continue to drag their white robes
through the mire and slime of its mid
night orgies until falling, overcome by
wine, they surrender the treasures of
their purity Into the arms of merciless
debauchers. Let the tornado with its
whirling arms seize upon its structure and
scatter it to the four winds rather than
that young matrons shall continue to
spend their time in Its gambling dens
from the going down of the sun until the
rising thereof, and amid the fumes of wine
and the rank odors of tobacco dissipate
the hard-earned fortunes of their hus
bands. Let it be blotted out until its very
ruins shall perish rather than that it shall
continue to be a haunt from which the
young bride, her lips still tremulous with
vows just pronounced at the altar, and
wearing upon her brow the white flowers
of her hymenial crown, shall be taken out
at midnight to a place of assignation, to
be brought back at morn to dishonor with
her polluted body the bed of her unsus
pecting husband. Aye, let It perish, and
this community will be all the healthier,
all the stronger, all the better for it.
Judge Angellotti began his cbarya tfl
the Jury at 4:43 and concluded it at 5:21
o'clock. The Jury retired at 5:23 and at
8:30 o'clock It returned with It3 verdict.
"The liberty of the press, ye3; tha li
cense of the press, no. The liberty of tha
press I defend; the license" which inquires
into private affairs and attacks individ
uals for the sake of sensation Is an In
famous misuse of the power of the pres3
and ought to be stamped out by putting
the stamp of your disapproval upon this
Instance of It. No matter what your
opinion of drinking wine or playing: cards
in the clubhouse of a summer hotel, you
are not here to pass upon those customs
or upon peculiar German customs. You
are here to determine ¦whether or not they
have proved that infamous libel.
"We submit that the liberty of the press
will best be served by setting up re
straints and putting a limit to the license
of the press. A verdict In favor ot the
plaintiff expressing your disapproval of
malicious and wanton attacks upon indi
viduals by metropolitan newspapers will
fortify the real liberty of the press, and
we ask of you such a verdict."
"Counsel speaks of drunkenness, gam
bling and debauchery In the hotel, and
there Is no proof of any of these- things
in the evidence. The wine-drlnkingr and
card-playing Incidents are magnified by
these waiters Into revelry and vlciousness.
These little Incidents occur at every sum
mer hotel in the country. If Mr. Spreck
els' hotel at Coronado Is as respectably
conducted as the Hotel Rafael has been
we certainly can have- no cause for com
plaint against it.
"The good motives of Mr. Spreckels are
of no consequences in this case unless his
good motives prompt good acts and secure
good consequences. Counsel goes to the
extent of saying that plaintiff wronged
his wife. That. I presume. Is based on
the testimony of Ballard. That plaintiff
gave Ballard five dollars we do not deny,
but It was not for any espionage. I have
no doubt that he gave many of those fel
lows five dollars. 'Will you do ma a fa
vor* ? that was tho manner of his speaWng
to the waiters at tho hotel.
"John Bailey? I did denounce h!m> as
the man of Iniquity of the whole caaa— *
man who would hire cut to blacken an
other's character. He told a story utter
ly unbelievable, either tha invention of
the perjurer himself or of a suborner of
perjury. I denounced him for his failure
of memory of the tlmo of the scene- ha
described, tho shield of a perjurer.
"I denounced Mr. Jewell's testimony be
cause I believed It to be untrue. And let
me say that I consider that the attack
of counsel this morning upon Mr. Murray
was a brutal outrace. They had not a
witness whom they would dare to> com
pare with that honorable old man.
"They assert that the article was true
and they come In here now with ths
scaliest testimony that was ever present
ed. Both counsel comment upon my de
nunciations of their witnesses. I de
nounced most of the witnesses, not in
general terms, but by showing the char
acter of the testimony of each. If there
has been more denunciation than usual
it is because more indefensible perjurers
have been introduced in this case than
In any within my knowledge. Perjurers
whose testimony has been cooked, up
since the tiling ot this suit to establish a
defense, aye, and to hand down a. heritage
of shame to the children of the friend or
Mr. Delmas' early days."
Mr. Magulre referred to "Witnesses
Peters, Mos3, Ballard, Schaubye and Jew
ell and characterized their testimony as
perjury. Continuing he said:
"They ask, "What did Leake do after bo
read the letter of General Warfleld in tn«
Bulletin in denial? I'll tell yon what ha
did. He published that editorial In glori
fication of the libel he had published the
day before. Malic© must be proved, they
say. Malice is presumed In libel until it3
absence la proved. And after the denial
over Warfleld's signature they published
that branding editorial in further attempt
to Injure the plaintiff and drive him—
where? Mr. Delmas ha.> told you.
Magnlre began a retort, but Judge An
gellotti interrupted, saying: "I do not de
sire any further conversation between
counsel. If there are objections counsel
will address themselves to the court."
"They ask why the plaintiff did not go
to see Mr. Spreckels. Shall the man
whom, the assassin stabs in the back
ask for explanations? But he did go to
see Mr. Spreckels." »*
"That Is not in evidence." said Mr. Del
mas.
"I have only stated It as true," said Ma
gulre.
"And I have an equal right to say that
It is not true," responded Delmas.
"They have- retailed a great many tales
that were in the libel and a rreat many
that were not In It. and say that War-
Held told them so. miigllnff evidence ct
the latter as proof of the truth of the
article. Did Warfleld say he said tho3is
things? Did The Call make any Investiga
tion? They did not interview a single nuui
who claimed to have a personal knowl
edge of the alleged misconduct. Either
they did not care a copper or they were
actuated by malice. They may have
thought the plaintiff would not care to
bring a suit for libel. He is the one man
In a thousand to do it. He had the cour
age, the manhood, the respect for Justice
to do it.
"Very well: I shall not transgress, even
by following the example of opposing
counsel," said Magnire. H© proceeded:
"In answering, I must proceed by tak
ing up the points made by the counsel for
defendant. He dwells upon our objection
to the Introduction of testimony as to tho
Palace Hotel episode. It is my province
as counsel to object to the Introduction of
irrelevant' and immaterial evidence,
against the protest of my client."
Mr. Delmas objected to the statement.
"against the protest of my client." as not
being a part of the evidence.
"It may not be in (ho evidence, but it
la true." answered Maguire.
"We have no other voucher than your
word," retorted Delrnas.
"The position of Mr. Delmas 13 correct,**
said Judge Angellotti.
"An article such as the one alleged t»
be llbelous Is presumed to be false, to
be malicious, to be Injurious, and the ad
missions in the defendant's answer wera
enough to establish these presumptions.
They admitted the publication as alleged,
and that admission established those pre
sumptions of the law. They were undeff
the necessity then of proving 1 the truth
of every material part of that article and
unless they have done so the libel 13 es
tablished and the defendant is Hablo for
the injury inflicted.
nesses have sought to put the brand of
infamy upon the plaintiff.
"Gentlemen, are we a set of canting
hypocrites when we go abroad before the
¦world as we have done In the Jast three
or four months, and plead the cause of
the lowly and the humble and the poor;
are we demagogues when we come for
ward and plead the cause of the common
people and seek to protect their rights
against the encroachments ¦ of overgrown
and unjust accumulations of wealth? Do
we speak one language on the stump and
extol the virtue- of the lowly and the
humble, and when w» go Into a court of
Justice, because they are lowly ana be-
"I admit that they do not take brides to
Pastori's to treat them to such refresh
ments and Indulge in such performances
as go on there. I admit that they do not
return with them at 3 o'clock or half-past
3 at night, and sneak Into hotels by. side
entrances; and admitting all this, humble
and lowly as their walk in life may be. I
claim for them the character of gentle
men, and contrast it without fear with
that of the men who do these things,
though they may outrank them in wealth
and in titles of nobility.
"1 admit that these men, If you please—
Ballard and Flaherty and Moss and L.ally
and Peters — are men that come from the
humble walks of life. He calls them sta
ble boys, and calls them mere waiters. He
calls them mere waiters who are called
extra men, who had no steady Job. I
admit that they are no millionaires. I
admit that they own no palatial hotels. I
admit that they married no millionaire's
daughter to squander her fortune. I ad
rpit that they do not spend their nights in
debauch, drinking champagne, dry Muram
at five dollars a bottle. I admit that they
do not sit with elegant ladies playing
poker from 8 in the evening until 4 o'clock
In the morning.
Hotels and Squander No
Fortunes. .
Witnesses Who Own No Palatial
FROM HUMBLE
WALKS OF LIFE
"What is the reply to all this, gentle
men? What is the reply when the sub
stantial, substantive facts of all these
transactions are admitted, and the bal
ance is proven by more than half a dozen
witnesses? A very extraordinary course
has been pursued by the counsel on the
other side, and 1 must say that no one
admires his abilities and his character
mere than I do. Xo man has been a
¦warmer friend and espouser of his cause
privately and publicly than I .have. I
must say that the conduct of the learned
counsel in dealing with these witnesses
has appeared to me to be absolutely cruel,
unwarranted and unjustifiable.
"Now, she may have been sober, gen
tlemen, when she came back; she may
not have reached that point of Inebriation
which Baron von Schroeder, accustomed
to these nightly carousals, may choose in
the delicacy of his knightly mind to call
drunk when applied to a lady, but do you
give the sanction of your Judgment to
conduct of this kind? Is that conduct be
coming the proprietor of that hotel? Is
that conduct becoming a man whose rep
utation for chastity, whose reputation for
continence Is made of such superfine stuff
that it Is worth a quarter of a million if
the slightest taint is breathed upon it?
Do men of that kind of reputation go to
Pastorl's at 11 o'clock at night and stay
there until 3 o'clock In the morning with
other men's wives? Do they? Is com
ment necessary upon this subject, gentle
men? Is It necessary for me to make this
case worse than it Is? Is It necessary for
me to harrow up anybody's feelings more
than the discharge of my strict duty re
quires, to suppest merely to you the out
lines of the picture and leave It to your
own good sense and good Judgment to fill
In the balance?
"Mr. Jewell tells you that this unfortu
nate bride of but yesterday was in such
a drunken condition that she had to be
carried from her cart into the hotel. Is
not that Irua, gentlemen? Does Baron
von Schroeder deny one single circum
stance of this episode, one single fact?
Does his brother deny it? Is it true that
he was in the habit of ordering rigs from
that stable? lie does not deny it. It is
true that It was known that these rigs
were ordered for a group that was known
as the Baron's party? He does not deny
it. Is it true that at this time, about
half-past ten that night he ordered a car
riage from there and ordered It to go to a
place where he and his party could get
into It secretly and unseen? He does not
deny it. la it true that they got into that
carri-ige, the bride and her husband, and
this other lady and himself? He does not
deny It. Is it true that the lady (the
bride) said, 'Tell them to follow us to Fair
fax." and that he said, 'They will find us
at Pastori's'? He does not deny It. Is It
true that they went to Pastorl's? He does
not deny it. ' Is it true that the wagon re
turned at 1 o'clock at night with the hus
band and the other woman, and that he.
Baron von Schroeder, and that man's wife
remained behind? Is that true? He does
not deny it. Is it true that they did not
come back until the sister. In the agony of
her mind, went after them and compelled
them to come back? He does not deny it.
Is it true that they reached the hotel at
3 o'clock in the morning, coming separate
ways, leaving the bride in company with
her sister, and the man coming sneaking
along with his brother? He does not deny
It. Is Is true that they entered the hotel
by a secret door, that is, not by the pub
lic and ordinary entrance? He does not
deny it. Is it true that they drank and
drank and .drank all that night? What
did they go to Pastori's for? And what
else did they do there? He does not deny
It. The only thing he does deny, drawing
these fine distinctions which this fine and
exquisite moral sense of his suggests to
his learned counsel here, 'Why simply say
that it Is true that we took this bride
from her husband, say that it is true
that we were with her at Pastorl's; say
that it Is true that we remained until the
agonized sister came, there and dragged
us away — say that all that is true; simply
deny that the woman was drunk; confesB
everything else.'
"Do I need to dwell upon that, gentle
men? Is it necessary that we should put
on the colors In this thing, or Is it simply
sufficient to suggest, within the bounds
of decency, what every reasonable man is
at least authorized rationally to conjec
ture? In her distress. In her horror. In
her consternation, this poor girl gets a
"F cart from the stable and starts in
the darkness of the night, after 1 o'clock,
In pursuit of this absent couple.. And 6he
finds them. Finds them where? We were
not allowed to tell. Finds them doing
what? We were not allowed to tell. Do
we need any evidence to conjecture? But
Ri 3 or 3:30 In the morning that unfortu
nate bride, whose husband had returned
to the hotel In such a condition as you
can imagine, ot 1 o'clock finally returns
in company with her Flster, and the two
titled gentlemen in the rig return, and
they part so as to enter the hotel by two
separate side doors, or at two different
rig, and that husband's wife and Baron
von Schroeder absent. They had remained
behind. The husband was taken out of
this rig, got Into the hotel by a side door,
and 'doubtless was put to rest In some
way. Upon the scene came the sister of
this bride, and you may Imagine In what
condition of mind she was when she found
that her sister at dead of night was miss
ing from that party which returned to the
hotel, and was missing under the singular
circumstance that Baron von Schroeder,
who had started with her, was missing
also.
"I am not going to describe to you the
jfiisgusting scene which John Bailey wit
nessed on the hill; you have heard It
—escribed and that Is enough.
Mr. Delmas — Now ire are all men. There
ere r.o ladles present, and If a man sitting
mt eight in a maze with a woman who
permits him to put his arm around her,
permits him to put his hand upon her
freest and her cheek close to his — whether
It requires much knowledge of human na
ture to draw the picture I leave to you.
I am not going to disjrust you with any^
Tr.ore detailed explanation of these mat-*
ters than Is absolutely necessary. If the
3eaxr.efl counsel thinks, or if his client— I
do not say him, but lr his client thinks
that he can escape the condemnation and
the censure that Is manifestly attachable
to EUch a condition as that on his part,
his wife and his children In the hotel
there, and he in the maze with this woman
et night, or.e arm around her waist, his
check close to hers, by drawing the fine
tllstlnctlon that at that particular mo
ment his hand was not actually in her
¦bosom, but •was merely upon her breast—
If he thinks that takes away the iniquity
fend cln of that transaction he is capable
cf drawing distinctions that are alto
gether too refined for ordinary use.
Mr. Mag-ulre — In her bosom Is a very
Clirerent thing. But Flaherty's testimony
3 care nothir.s about.
Mr. Magrulre— He said he caw one hand
trc-jr-d her and the other arm across her
fcreast.
Mr. Delrnas — Across her breast and her
Jsosom Is not a very great distinction.
Mr. Magulre— Even Mr. Flaherty did not
ray that he had his other hand In her
bosom; he eaid nothing of the kind.
The Court— Well, gentlemen. I do not
recollect exactly.
Mr. Delnias— Where did he have It,
Ju£ge?
"Mr. Thomas Flaherty says that he saw
lie Baron once In the maze sTttlng there
cn o beach with a woman (it made an
Impression upon Mr. Flaherty's, mind be
cause he was going there himself with a
plri, to whom he was paying court, and
•j-rvposed to Fit upon that bench); that at
that time when he came upon them the
l?aron had his arms around this woman's
•waist; he had the other hand In her
Vo£cm, and her cheek was pressed close
to his.
"Mr. Gus LaHy said that he saw the
33aron ecuffilr.g and scrambling around
the room with his women companions,
UT.d that the party separated Into pairs,
cfter being there some time drinking, the
elfler Baron, the plaintiff here, remaining
Jn one rocra with the married woman, and
the younger Baron going off with the un
*aarriefl woman Into another room. I
riake no comment upon those things. You
tan draw your own Inferences. That
rcraratlr.g Into pairs, after drinking at
right, there is no dispute upon In the tes
timony. It Is not denied.
"I am net going to insult your intelli
gence by any lengthy consideration of
evpry flimsy explanation, which without
eir.y panicle of testimony to warrant It
the learned counsel, drawing purely upon
hi? imagination, has Indulged in before
you. A generous gratuity, he says, given
en peneral principles. Do you believe it?
Given at 1 o'clock at night; given while
y.9 wjis there carousing with this woman;
elves w'th an injunction to keep watch
en fc!s •wife, who was then In bed with her
children: given with the Injunction im
mediately to notify him. What was that
injunction given for, gentlemen, except
to put out a sentry to notify him If any
Cacgsr came a!>out_ fo that he might pro
tect himself by flight or concealment?
Isn't that an acknowledgment that his
jelaiior.s there and his carryings on in
that c'.ubhouf« were such that he wished
So keep them entirely secret from his
•rtfe?
Mr. Ballard J3. that h© gave It for that
purpose, that he pave it at that time of
night, while he was in the clubhouse with
this woman drinking, and the fact that
he enjoined cpon Mr. Ballard at once to
notify him If h!s wife came in sight, are.
I beg to call your attention to the fact,
;.ot disputed In this case. The Baron
goes not deny that he gave him $5. He
does not deny that he gave it at 1 o'clock
ex right; he does not deny that he gave
:t while he was In there drinking with
this party: he does not deny that he gave
ft to Mr. Ballard with the Injunction to
);eep a watch ar.d see If the Baroness, his
•wife, approached the clubhouse, and with
the further Injunction that If she did so
Immediately to notify him.
BRIDE'S TRIP
TO PASTORI'S
to drasv such Inferences as men of reas
onable common Ffr.se and experience of
the world would draw, an<3 I am going to
Invoke your judgment upon that and let
It cast its light upon the whole of these
ether transactions which have been but
partially known and partially described.
"The Baron was accustomed to send to
fhe livery stable In the neighborhood of
the hotel, which belonged to Mr. Murray,
•vrho has been a witness here He was in
tie haMt of Fencing there at night for a
team to go out upon what Mr. Jewell de
nominates his escapades. On the particu
lar occasion In question a message came
ordering a rig. three seated, or two-seated
rig, capable of seating six persons, -for the
Barcn's party. It was understood it was
lor that group of people at the hotel
vrhlch was known as the Baron's party.
About the hour of half past 19 in the even-
Ing the plaintiff in this case came to the
place where the rig had been ordered, and
It •was not. es I understand it. In the hotel
nrwrias— i caJ j y our attention to that; the
rig had not been ordered to drive up to
the front entrance or to the porch of the
liotel, as It would if people were going out
upon a. perfectly proper ride, but it had
been ordered to be taken to some out of
the way place.
"The party came to this spot, the Baron,
n. young woman, a husband and a bride.
Shortly afterward the Baron's brother,
Trith another young woman, unmarried,
came upon the scene. The Baron's party,
the husband and his bride, the ?oung wo
man and the P.aron, started off. When
they started oft the bride said to Mr,
Jewell, who had brought the team there,
ajid who had been given directions to re
main there until they came back there,
'You tell Baron Alex when he comes up
to follow us to Fairfax Villa'; and in or
der that there might be no misunder
standing. Baron von Schroeder, the
plaintiff here, said, "Tell him that he will
find us at Pastori'P.' Pastorl's Is described
by the witness Jewell as a roadside tav
ern. It !s a place where fine dinners, fine
•wines and fine liquor* are dispensed, and
where people of this kind resort. I will
r.ot dwell upon any further description of
It. They went to Pastori's. which is some
three miles away from the hotel, and
must have reached there in due course of
l'me, say about 11 o'clock. What they
did there, gentlemen, we were not per
mitted to prove.
"We next take up the thread of the
Btory at 1 o'clock at night, when the team
returned from Pastori's with the husband
In such a condition that we were not per
mitted to describe It. with the husband
In that tig, and tbe other woman In the
"There Is ore further and Ia5t transac
"tJoTi that I desire to call your attention
to, for that happr-n?d to have jrot some
xrhsX fully in evidence, notwithstanding
Ell the objections tViat have been made by
oourjsc-1 on the other side. I am going to
Fta.te the facts to you as they appear In
the ertdencp. lam going to call upon you
Baron Sags In Erfect It Was All
True, tut Ladg Was Not
Drunk.
DELMAS GIVES A ADVICE TO BARON
THCB BAH FKAjN-CISCO OALIi, SUNDAY, DECEMREB 23, 1900.
James G. Magulre made the closing- ar- '
gument for the plaintiff/ He said in part:
"I heard with amazement near to the
close of the eloquent argument of the
gentleman -who has preceded me a. tribute
to the sweetness of character of Mamie
Donahue, now the wife of the Baron von
Schroeder, and I looked with feelings that
I shall not describe upon the man -who
spoke as he did of his Interest In her fam
ily and then appealed with all the arts
of the skilled and bloodless lawyer hired
for money to stand here and try to b,last
the character of the father of her chil
dren and leave them a heritage of shame.
"I, too, knew Mamie Donahue in her
early life, and I remember that one of the
first cases eomin? to me was from her
and my Interest In this case Is stimulated
by the desire to protect the name of her
husband and her, family, .1 might take a
case to defend against a libel suit, but I
would never stand before a Jury and
speak of my regard for the family to
whom Ae act I defended had ¦ caused ln«
finitely more pain than to the plaintiff.
"So much for that pretty little speech.
I shall not in closing attempt again to
analyze the testimony by which the wit-
Pacific Union Clnb'- Action.
There la much discussion ajnonjr mem
bers of the Pacific Union Club, oi wnicli
Baron von Schroeder 13 a member, re
garding the testimony against him In th«
libel suit, and many of the members ara
In favor of expelling him from, the club.
Others are more lenient and express a
willingness to give him a chaaca to re
sign. ________________
Ancient Order of Foresters.
Two new courts of thl3 order havo ra»
cently been instituted— Court liberty at
Denver. Colo., with twenty-five charter
members and seventeen propositions for
membership, and Court Raymond at Ray
mond, with forty-one charter members.
The reports coming In for the last half
of this year show a good increase. Sine*
the adjournment of the last held Hijf»l
Court nine new courts have been lust I
tuted.
Court German . America will havs a
Christmas tree entertainment on tha night
of the 25th. inst.
The Installation ot officers tor Uij en
suing term will commsuw on tl* M of.
next month. .* - -^
rnes.
24. If you are not beloved by others you wiH
soon cease to lov« yourself.
"Scrfbb* is aspiring, Isn't her*
"I think bo: he would like to be talked
about as much ao the Belgian hare i». M —
Indianapolis Journal.
Count von Blnmesittud.
BBRL1N, Dec 23.— Count ron ' Blmn«n
thai,- the oldest field marshal * In the O«r
man. army, died laat night on '.fa •otato
at Qu«llendorf f Duchy or Aniiait -
On one historical occasion, pate de fole
pras was actually fired by an arm v. An
7ld officer who had eerved through the
Hikh wars told me that when the Dewan,
Italia Mollraj. was besieged by us tn-MuI
tan he came upon a stock of English
tinned provisions. These some Individual
either a hoaxer or. an Ignoramus, assured
him were powerful explosives of great de
rtruct'.ve power. He accordingly set about
to utilize them, with the result that for
pome davs following our camp was greet
ed with Ehowers of kippered herrings.
Yarmouth hioaters. Strasburg: pates, etc.
—Madras Mall. . -
« ? »
"What do yxra think of the Idea of
broadening the present coortfi of school
rtt3<!)es?" asked the face tfous friend of the
family. . ¦W"MM**P"'Ma|B****l
"I don't care bow broad they make
•em," answered Tommy, "eo'u they don't
Un«rth«n 'era."— Indiana polls Press.
Mr. Dinsmore— I am writing a letter to
Uncle John and telling him. that his ad
vice has been of Infinite value tome. . -
Mrs. Dinsmore — You - had better ' say - It
wan of Infinitesimal value. - - * ¦»,
"Why?"
"Well; If ¦» longer word/and I think It
•will lmonui him more." — Harlem Life,
Snow Blockade -In Omaha.
OMAHA, \Dec. 22.— Considerable snow 1b
falling in a' high ' wind all 1 over Nebraska
to-nlsrht. -..The temperature Is not low 'but
the sharp north wind and fine snow have
flven this section the first taste of winter,
treet cars were blockaded in Omaha and >
th* jtounr plows w«r» kept buar. all ti<gh»,j
Bombarded With Bloaters.
Roosevelt •Will Travel.'
NEWTORK.Dec. 22.— Governor Roose
velt has been elected a member of Matine
cock: Lodge No. 806, • F. and A. M., of
'Oyster Bay, L.. I. The matter was kept
quiet until an : invitation was issued to
members of tho local lodge,* and many
prominent ~ Masons ; throughout the ; coun
try to attend ¦"• u , "stated communication"
to » be held evening, . January
t. 1901, when the "entered apprentice" de
gree will be conferred on Theodore Roose
velt. "After the ceremonies there will be a
dinner, and it is: expected that prominent
Masons from all over the country will be
presenCSflBBMHBBWMWkJHflWBbn
Tlte Encliacholtsin*.
The Eschscholtzias, the swell club of
young people: of .the .'Mission 'district, will
give the Ia3t of its socials for the year on
the 27th inst. in Mission Parlor Hall. The
committee in charge has arranged to
make this" one of the most pleasant of
functions. The parties of this organiza
tion are purely invitational. The grand
march has been set for 9 o'clock.
TOD SLOAN
IS GRANTED
A LICENSE
The Ban Francisco Jockey Club, ',
through lt» secretaryf has forward- .
ed the following communication to ¦
the press: ]
"J. T. Sloan to-day made appli- ¦
cation to the San Francisco Jockey .
club for a Jockey's license in ac- <
cordance with the rules of the San ¦
Francisco Jockey Club, which con- .
s^sts In granting a Jockey's license .
to riders holding at the time of <
their application a license from .
any reputable association. J. T. •¦
Sloan's request was granted. Sloan, •
however, was notified that said 11- ¦
cense was subject to the pending J
actions of the New York Jockey (
Club, from which he holds a- •
license, concerning certain intlma- •
tions from the English Jockey
Club Involving his riding in Eng- •
land in 190L
"M. 8. LATHAM, Secretary." !
You Will Be Bight in It
A special men's vici kid, box calf, M&1
skln or kangaroo shoes, worth M to $5,
will be sold to-morrow for Jl 85 a pair.
These shoes are hand 2>ewed, stylish. All
sizes. At the shoe trust sale or the Bee
Hive Shoe Ctx. 717.Market at, nr. Third.*
DECISIONS OF STEWARDS.
Benefit of the Doubt.
Stable of C. T. Llcalzi Given the
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 22.-The stew
ards to-day announced their conclusion <n
the case of the mare Donna Rita and the
atablo of C. T. Licalzl,"suspended on De
cember 17. After an exhaustive investi
gation the stewards decided to give Ll
calzl the benefit of any existing doubt and
remove the ban pronounced against t his
stable, "with the understanding that no
consideration will be given the mare Don
na Rita, for inconsistent racing."
"W. Hurley, the suspended owner, Js held
responsible for the In and out perform
ances of. the mare (which are attributed
to the use or non-use of stimulants) and
his suspension is continued indefinitely
and the license committee of the Ameri
can Turf Congress Is urged to revoke his
license forthwith. Jockey B." Bradford Is
fully exonerated.
Elkes Beats Michael.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.— Harry Bikes,
who, with Floyd McFarland as a team
mate, won the recent six-day bicycle con
test, to-night before 5000 people in Madi
ton-s»iu:ire Garden showed his superiority
as a follower of the motor pace by beat-
Ing Jimmy Michael in a fifteen-mile race.
The n en started >from opposite sides - of
tbe track, but before they had ¦¦ traveled
three miles Elkes caught him arid at the
seventh mile lapped him. The race was
won , by . one : . and three-quarter laps.
Kikes' time was 26:03 1-8.
Benevolence of St. , Boniface.
St. Peter's German Roman Catholic
Benevolent Society of St. Boniface Church
has . elected the following . officers for the
current term : F. B. Schoensteln. presi
dent; Adolnh Schimmel. vice president;
Carl C. SchnabeJ. recording secretary;
Henry COnrad, financial secretary; 'Peter
Schei'fer, treasurer; Herman Burhans.
marshal: P. Denner Sr., Frank Fischer
and F. J. Straub, trustees.
First Horse —^Vhat do you supx>os« will
become of us?
Sf-cond Horse — Oh, Tra sure I don't care.
After beinir traded for an automobile I'm
ready to die.— Ohio State Journal.
tion of Countrymen.
IT DIMMED HIS GLOBY.
Magician Was lowered in Estima-
"One of the funniest things that ever
happened to me," said the old maericlan
who was In a reminiscent mood, "occurred
a number of years ago while I was mak
ing a tour of the country. At that time
my favorite card was the box trick, when
I allowed myself to be put In a sack, after
which I was locked In a box which was
tied and put in the cabinet, from which
I emerged a moment later bowing and
smiling. It always brought down the
house and was a subject for discussion
long after I had left.
"Well, I gave my performance one night
at a small town, and after the show was
over I went to the little hotel and retired
for. the night, the old man who kept the
hotel showing me to my room with all the
deference that he would give to a king.
The bed In the room was a folding one.
and no sooner was I in it than It closed
up like a jack knife.- Fortunately for me
I realized what was happening in time to
roll to one side, so when the bed closed it
left my head out. But otherwise I was
powerless and there was nothing to do but
yell for help; which I did to the best of
my ability. - Finally I succeeded In mak
ing the landlord hear me, and he came to
the door and wanted to know what the
matter was. .
':." 'That . cussed bed has shut up and
caught me in It,' I shouted.
."'Wul, why don't you git out?" he
drawled.
" 'I can't,' I bawled. 1
" 'Humph, a feller what kin git out of a
sack after he has been put In a box and
locked up ought to be able to git out'of a
bed,'. he answered.
.-' "It-, took fifteen minutes" steady argu
ment on my part to convince the old man
that my skill in getting out of difficult
places did not Include folding beds and
even then he seemed to think that i had
caused him a lot of unnecessary trouble
'.'All. he slid when at last he released
me was:
" 'Humph, ye ain't ez big a . man ez I
thought ye wuz!* "—Detroit Free Press. ¦
B^= EFORB the usual assemblage of
Saturday racegoers, rakish An
drisa, the dapper daughter of
__ Imp. Bt. Andrew, from the stake-
winning stable of "Walter Jen
nings, left a smart field behind her In the
Chantllly handicap, over one mile and a
furlong, at Tanforan Park. The filly
looked nicely In, with. 113 pounds In the
eaddle, and closed a Blight choice over
Greenock, the entry of Johnny Schorr.
The Lady, Advance Guard and Mortgage
all appeared to have an undeniable
chance, furnishing a very pretty betting
contest. The event was fourth on the
card, and in one.6f his happiest efforts
Starter "Dick" Dwyer sent the seven
starters on their way perfectly aligned.
Passing the stand, Mounce^nade play for
the leading position with Andripa, and
aulcklv had daylight Intervening between
hi« mo'unt and the bunch. The Lady, pilot
ed by Marty Bergen, for a time looked
dansrerous. "but when the stretch was
reached, began to wither. Greenock had
been laboring from the kick-off, never
getting close enough to tackle. All were
beaten a furlong from the stand, and al
though Mortgage, an outsider, with Win
nie O'Connor up, made a game effort, An
drisa undoubtedly had (something to
t pare, as she passed the wire first by two
lengths. Behind Mortgage, which ran
second. The Lady took show honors from
Advance Guard.
The only disappointing feature of the
pport was the condition of the track,
which was heavy and inclined to mix up
the form players. Betting on the different
events was brisk, and the books did fair-
Iv well until the closing number, when
the victory of Vlncitor burned th?m up.
First choices, by capturing three events,
made a standoff of it.
Not for some few moons has a horse
been battered down the way Vlncitor
was In the betting on the afterpiece. From
20 to 9 the price fell, and true to the Elm
wood stable traditions. Nash Turner
landed the outsider first, a head before
By F. E. MULHOLLAND.
Pat Morriesey. Sea Lion, from the Schorr
barn, seemed in none too good shape, and,
as his odds went back, the stable did not
lose much. Several thousands of dollars
were taken from tne ring over the result.
None of the books took any liberties
with Anjou in the first event, and, backed
by the smart ones, won from Duckoy, a
30 to 1 shot. Alee died out in the lead,
and Alice Dougherty, . the favorite, pot, in
all the deep going at the commencement,
never having a chance.
Argregor, from the Elmwood farm,
downed a big field in the sprint for maiden
two-year-olds. The youngster was almost
equal favorite -vsrith Thracia. and beat the
latter filly over the line more than a
length.
There was a well-defined tip floating
about that Simon D was the real thing
for the six and one-half furlong run.
causing Frank Doss' horse to be well
backed. However, O'Connor got pocketed
in the deep going, and Prestidigitator had
no difficulty in maintaining the lead
throughout. Simon D made a good
stretch run, finishing but a length behind
the winner. Perseus, an outsider, was
third.
Closing equal choice with Grafter for
the seven furlong purse event. Bill Garrett
was" never kept busy to win. The con
tender turned up in Ada N, while Grafter
ran as if attacked with locomotor ataxla.
Track Notes.
The firm of Burns & "Waterhouse pur
chased Gold Ot from Brown & Llger yes
terday, paying $3000 for Ue big sprinter.
Tim Murphy bid up Prestidigitator $M0
over his entered selling price of $400. Billy
CahiU retained the gelding.
Mounce piloted three winners. If it
were not for idle gossip perhaps con
necting his name with that of a well
known bookmaker, the little fellow would
be very popular. Such rides as that on
Anjou a few days ago though won't do.
John Bullman received a very hearty
welcome back to the saddle as he paraded
before the stand on Alice Dougherty.
A VANISHED CAPITA!*
Historic Town in Illinois Entirely
Swept Away J>y the Mississippi.
One hundred. years before Illinois be
came a Territory and 111 years before it
became a State there was a town at Kas
kaskia. Fifty years before there was a
white settlement at St. Louis or any mili
tary post at Pittsburg. and ninety-six
years before the foundations were laid
for Fort Dearborn at Chicago, Kaskaskia
was a thriving villlage.
As early as 1710 there were in the town
three mills for grinding corn. As early as
1765 the town contained sixty-five families
of- whites. In 1771, .five years before -the
Revolutionary war, it contained eighty
houses and had a population of oOO whites
and 500 negroes. In 1809 it was made the
capital of Illinois Territory. It was the
capital of the State /rom 1318 until 1821
and was the seat of Randolph County un
til 1«47
The first brick house built west of Pitts
burg was constructed in*Kaskaskia. For
over half a century Kaskaakia was the
metropolis of the Upper Mississippi \ al
ley and was the focus of commerce in the
Northwest Territory.
On Thursday the last vestige qf this his
toric settlement was swept away by the
Mississippi River.; The work of destruc
tion that began with the great. flood of
1844 was completed, and the home of the
earlv Illinois Governors— the first State
capital— cease.d to - exist. Its -destruction
was complete. . Not a stone was left to
mark. the place. '"¦*
Chicago, that was built in a swamp, is
the second city in America.' New Orleans,
located in what was believed an unsafe
and unhealthy district, is the commercial
metropolis of th© : Southwest. But Kas
kaskia, which was set on a spot chosen
from the boundless . variety, of the virgin
West, is merely a memory. — Chicago Inter
Ocean.- ¦
tinguished French Naturalist.
Such Is the Belief of M. Ferel, a Dis-
ttas vt r.ATtTi AUTS TALK.
Sir John Lubbock, as well as many
other scientists, has of course studied the
cnt, but it has been given to a French
man, a M. FereL to make a. discovery as
regards ants that proves them to be pos
sessed of an Intelligence fax greater than
has been hitherto supposed. And this dis
covery is nothing more or less than that
a:.'..- are cap&ble of producing sounds In -
teiligible to their fellows, and even au
dible to our ears — in other words, that
they converse with one another.
The way M. Ferel proved this was as
follows:
He made a glass funnel, one end smaller
¦than the other, which he placed, the Email
end downward. In the center of a square
of plain glass come six inches wide, fit
ting closely enough to pre\-ent the llttl©
Insects from crawnng out underneath. He
the ctook a number of ants in a bunch
ebout the eize of an ordinary horse chest
nut, fre» from any foreign eubstance,
and, lifting up the funnel, dropped the
cluster of Insects inside. While the ants
•wer etlll In a state of bewilderment, and
before any of them could reach the edge
of the g-iass, the experimenter covered it
•with another square, similar to the one
tlr&ady in use, which had been surround
ed a short distance from Its edge by a rim
of putty.
This effectually confined the little In
fects and prevented their being crushed.
The two plates of glass were then pressei
together to within, approximately, the
thickr.ftss of an ants body, but clo^ser on
one side than on the other so as to hnld
tome fast and incapable of moving, while
others could move about in their narrow
prison where they liked. On applying this
dox o* anls to the ear, as though It had
b*en a watch, M. Ferel was astonished to
hear a regular ar.d continuous buzzing
noise, BOinewhat similar to the sound
made by water when boiling !n an open
vessel, though rometlrnes a higher note
•would be struck by one or another of the
ar.ts.
Further etufiy of the box of prisoners
revealed many interesting facts. The free
ents wtre seen to advance to the sides
of the ores that could not more and to
«iiide«.vor with all their strength to release
tbe prisoners. It vras then that the sounds
xnad© by the ants became louder and more
Etrlnfent. It was evident that these
Founds conveyed some meaning-; for a pal
jiai>le difference was to bo found in the
minute utterances, -which must have been
intelligible to the tinv creatures.
Then came the problem. How was the
eound made? M. Fcrei proceeded to at
once make minute investigations, and sub
mitted live ants to the scrutiny of a very
powerful microscope. Here, again, an In
teresting discovery was fn store for the
investigator. The sides of the little in
rects were found to be In one particular
piace rough and scaly, resembling—
though, of course, on a tiny scale — the
teeth of a Eaw. It was by rubbing this
that the ant made the sound that had re
warded the scientist's research.
M F>rel then took a couple of ants and
confined them In the glass box already
c<!scr!bed, imprisoning the one and giving
the other liberty to move. The ant that
} ad free use of his limbs became at once
'"?ense^y excited. It rushed about, mak
l' : sr what must have been— taking Into con
federation the comparative s:ze of a man
tiid an ant— a terrible noise. The modu-
IpMoxii of the insect's mode of expression
v.We plainly heard by the scientist.
Th^n having apparently exhausted an
exceedingly copious vocabulary, the ant.
In despair of liberating lte companion,
dashed I at It and killed It. This was evi
dently to the insect the only course left
cpenl— Chicago Chronicle.
ARISTOCRATIC HTVENTOES.
Useful Articles Given to Mankind by
Members of the British Nobility.
Whatever one may ear about the
lamentable fashion in which Europe's
aristocracy has degenerated, yel how can
one he so obdurate as to refuao tha
members thereof the) acknowledged pos
session of brains when one has before
one's very eyes such brilliant Instances
of genius as that given by Lord "Wemyss,
for Instance, who has Just Invented a
combined spade, pickax and saw, whicu
can also be utilized as an absolute pro
tection from bullets. Such an instrument,
which, it is clear, is of an offensive and
defensive nature, must surely be regard
ed as quite out of the ordinary, and as
the result of most praiseworthy efforts on
the part of the Inventor to glorify his
name, and to hand it down In this stat*
of glory to the remotest posterity. It
reminds one very nvich of tLe famous
"cannon-plow," which In times of peacv
was used to till the earth, and In time*
of war could be utilized as an engine
of mighty destruction. The) famous
"um.brella-nat." which In fair weather
was a hat, and In foul a capacious shelter
from rain or storm, must have been du«
to the "plow-cannon" man's extraordi
nary brain, but his Inventive powers It
is regrettable to state must have been
cut short in their prime, for one never
heard anything further about them, and
what Is yet sadder, I cannot vouch for
the certainty of his being, or not being.
an aristocrat. All Joking apart, I may
add that Lord Grimthorpe !s an expert
watchmaker; that Lord EKrodonald, wh>
has Just won such distinction In South
Africa as a cavalry leader. Is well known
to have carried on the traditions of hi*
familv In the matter of brains, for tha
gun-carriage which he designed ¦won the
approval of the heads of the War Offlcw
in England, while in th© recent Indian
frontier campaign his foot, or pocket
warmer, for the soldiers, won the person
al and enthusiastic approbation of the
forces engaged In action there. It may
perhaps be almost forgotten by now that
to Lord- Dundonald's grandfather, Ad
miral Cochrane, was due th« introduction
of compressed air In tunnellnaf operations.
Prince Carl-Theodore. In Bavaria., has
made a great many discoveries which
have been very precious to occujlsts all
over the world, while to Archduke Fred
erick of Austria Is due the Invention of
a charmrnfr aeollan harp possessing: a
most delightful and exquisite Bound.—
Pittsburg Dispatch.
Levys Defeat San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 22.— The ball game
between the Levys of Los Angeles and the
San DIegos was slow and pcorly played.
It was called at the end of the seventh
Jnnlni? on account of darkness, the scora
standing Loa Angeles 10; San Diego. 6.
Score.
San Diego 3 0 0 0 18 0—8
Levys 1 0 3 18 0 •— 19
Batteries— Fltzpatriclc and Peters: Devereaux
and Work3. Base hits — San Die-so 7. Los Aa
geles 6. Errors — San Diego 1: Lua Angeles 4.
Umpire — Sylvester.
San Bernardino Wins.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. £2.— To-day's
game between San Bernardino and Maler
& Zobelein was a preat pitchers* patMe.
which resulted la favor of the visitors by
a score of one to nothing:. Score:
San Bernardino 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 9 0— t
Ma'er & Zobelein 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 O— 0
San Kei-nardinn — Baa? hit3 3. Maler & Zobe
lein — Hlt9 5, error* 4. Batteries^ — Whalsa and
Mangerlca; Babbitt and Adaxaa. Umplr»—
Eacley.
Hesults at New Orleans.
NETT ORLBANS. Dec. 22.— Weather
fine and track slow. Results:
Six furlongs, celling^ — Grey Rally won, Yaldea
second. Porter B third. Time. 1:1S.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Star Cotton
Tien. Colonel Cassidy second. . Bro"«m Vail
third. Time. 1:S3.
Handicap, steeplechase, short conrsa— Ist-n
won. Terry Ranger second. Hoire B third.
Time. 3:21>4.
Crescent City Handicap, urtle and an tlghth—
Imp. Mlrt Sauca'won, Llndea EUU tecond.
Dcnna Seay third. Tlma, l:563t.
Seven furlongs, selling — Locust Blossom iron.
Island Prince second. Uterp tMrd, Tims, 1:22.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Hood's Bri
gade won, "W. B. Gates second. SUt» Cola
third. Time. 1:51.
TAN'FORAN PARK. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22.— Weather fine. Track heavy.
ir»£s. FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
I fPo.l , Benin's
Index Hors«. Age. "Weight. jPst St. %. H- Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. ' PI.
1.*1S lAnjou. 3 1071 7 7 6% 6% Jhl«i illounce .... 3 Th 1^5 7^10
(lf.04) 'D'jckoy. 3 104 4 6 3 H '3 h 1H 32 Coburn 8 30 80 8
U.C7 lAlee. 2 107 64 12 14 3H8n J. Martin... 5-2 4 4 6-5
1T-06 [Billy Moore. 3. ..103 6 5 4h S*%41 42 Burlingame 30 100 100 40'
U20 ILamachuB. 8. 104 38 6h 5 fc E 4 5 5 O'Connor ... 6 13 12 4
1F20 Mary Kinfella, 5.104 S 2 8 8 6181 Domlnick 8 25 25 8
IK'S St. Anthony. I... 99 88 74 75 71 78 Ruucb 80 100 100 »
(UCZ) lAllee rrgherty. 3.108 11 2^4%8 8 Bullman ... 3-2" 9-5 9-5 4-5
Time— \i, :25; H. :50; %, l:03H: %. 1:30%. Good etart. Won first three driving. Winner.
W. B. .Tennlnp* & Co.'s b. c. by imp. St. Andrtw-Jude. Mounce on winner made no nils
takes this fiay. He it the only boy wonder. Duckoy getting to b* a stayer. "Pinhead"
Martin picked oat the worst going with Alee. Alice Dougherty got In the muddy footing
and foundered. Scratched — Herculean 104, Ctsoteau 83.
152O. SECOXD RACE— 61x furlongs; selling-; maiden two-year-old*; purse, $350.
P°- < Betting »
Index Horse and "Weight. Pst St. tt. %. Btx. Fin. Jockey*. Od. HI. Cl. PI.
IK'S ArgregOT ....103 » ~2 fl TT 1~» 1 1H Moune« .... 7-J 4 lglji Tj
Ul? Thracia 104 6 3 S H 8 tl 1 1 2$ O'Connor ... 5-2 7-2 7-3 6-5
1534 Estelada 8011 6h 5H8H3! J. Daly 6 8 7 8
1451 Miaeel 85 6 6 8h >H 41 43 Martin 8 12 12 5
1E1S Illusion 90 79 914 71 51 53 Ransch 3 4 4 S-5
T4J1 Infra 105 44 4h 4h 81 61 Coburn 10 15 15 4
i:*5 ILitmns 100' 811 61 61 91 7% Dominick ..6883
142S Picklow 9037 SHlh 6 *i 8 2 J. Watsh.... 10 15 15 5
lAlnder 116 10 6 10 3 11 10 1 9 1 Fallehy SO 150 100 60
1E14 [Long Tom U0 8 10 11 10 2 11 10 J. Waldo.... 10 25 20 8
14S3 [Follow Me 110| 11 6 lh 8h 7*4 11 Epob 40 100 100 40
Time—^. :25H: % :B1: %. 1:13. Good start. Won first three dri-ring. Winner, C T. Boots'
b. c. by imp. Brutus-Ledalla. Argregor looked best and ran over Thracia at the close.
Estelada. revived somewhat. Infra, a tip. Long Tom will finish close up in dry going.
Scratched— Piratta 113.
an3O. THIRD P.ACB-S1X and a half furlongs; Belling; three-year-olds and up; purae, $400.
I Po- \ f Petting —
Index Horse. Age. "Weight. Pst St. %. %. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
VlB JPrestl^sitator. S. 99 84 1H II 12 11 J. Daly ~W i-i MO Tz
1S06 !S!mon D. 6 104 15 4H6H*n jj O'Connor .. 13-5 4 7-2 6-5
1520 Perseup, a .104 2 2 6H4h 61 8n Coburn 12 20 20 6
H?7 Almoner. 4 _104 6 1 31 Sh 3H«H .Mounce 10 25 20 7
14?9 'Gusto. 8 102 78 th 81 4h Bh J. Waldo.... 15 40 80 12
1479 IMonrovIa. a 104 9 6 81 7h 8 15 6 J. Miller.... 8 IB 15 6
1527 lPilot. 3 S» 8 8 86 8 10 71 74 Dominick ..6878
1517 Formatus, 3 108 47 71 62 6h 815 Bullraan ... 10 20 20 7
lf07 ToEtl. 4 104 6 9 9 9 9 9 J. T. Woods 100 100 100 40
Time— 1-16. :07: 5-16, :31: 9-16, :56H: «Hf, 1:24. Good start. Won first three driving.
Winner, William Cabill's b. g. by Rus«ell-Actlve. Had Simon D not been pocketed in
deep going next the rail until stretch was reached result mteht have been different. Per
seus arose earlier than usual. Pilot lost fits reckonings. Scratched— Rosalbra 107, Foul Play
ss.
1531. FOURTH RACE— Chaatllly Stakes; lHm.: handicap; three-year-olda; value. $2750.
j Tj^ j , Betting
Index Horse and Weight. rPst St. H. %• Str. Fin. I Jockeys, j Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
a<23) Andrfsa. USl 64 11 In 11 12 [Mounc« 3-2 5-2 6-2 4-5
13S7 Mortgagre 1MI 5 6 JU 6n 21 2 1% O'Connor ... 7 10 10 4
(150S) The Lady Ill 3 13h 2h 3 4 3n Bergen 6-2 4 18-5 6-5
1423 Advance Guard. .118 27 7 7 6204n Devin 8 12 12 6
lSlt Greenock 106 42 6H<h 41 61 T. Burns.... 3 4 5-2 4-5
14S9 Oweneboro 104 13 41 Sh 5h 623 Bullman ... 8 25 29 8
14S9 ISpcclflc 105 76 2h5h7 7v DomirJck 8 12 12 4
Tim©-44. :13; *4. :26; H. :52; 94. 1:18; m, 1:44; lHm. 1:58. Good start. Won cleverly. Second
and third driving. Winner. W. B. Jennings & Co.'s b. f. by imp. St. Andrew-Fanny Louise.
¦Winner cut out the running and was undoubtedly best. Mort*.:aK« ran a nice race-, and If
she stands up win do. "Weight told on The Lady, whose ekirts got muddy the last fur
long. Advance Guard a poor mud hors". Greenock sore. Specific cashed early and quit
lo«er. Scratched— The Bobby 100, Allca Dougherty 102, McNamara 90. Vesuvian 119.
1532. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; all ages; purse. $400. :
j IPo. I, Betting >
Index JHorse, Age. Weight. Pst St. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
(14S3) (Bill Garrett, 8... .104 11 IS 1^ 11 II Dominick .. 6-5 8-5 8-5 1-2
1518 lAda N, 2 81 24 4 2^23 26 J. Walsh.... 10 10 10 6-2
1423 lEddle Jonea. 5 117 48 3%4 32 8% Coburn 4 4 4 4-5
Cl'.fS) iGrafter. S SI 8 2 2 3h 4 4 J. Martin... 7-B g-5 8-5 2-5
Time— %. :13: :S; H. :43«i: %. 1:02%: Ti. 1:29%. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner, M. Godfrey & Co.'s ch. g. by Houstatonlc-Bessio Baker. Bill Gar
rett "didn't know nothing" but run fast. Ada N something of a stayer. Grafter ran as if
dysp'T^la tablets might relieve him. He- well deserves his name. Scratched — Mocortto
109. _Headwa.tPr 114. _ - „„„
1533. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $425.
I IPo. I , Betting mi
Index Hone. Ag*% Weight. I Pst (St. U. H. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PL
1270 Vlncltor. 6 116 l(3 5 S 4 2 1 h N. Turner.. 20 25 9 3
(14J;> Pat Morrtssey, 6..114 54 12 12 12 22 Coburn 5-2 4 4 7-10
(1521) Sea Lion, 4 117 4 3 21 22 213nT. Burns.... 3-5 7-10 7-10 1-4
ISIS 'La-rator. 4 114 2 1 31 43 81 48 Mounce 10. 13 12 2
1517 |jennl« Putld. 4...107| 35 4%3n.5 6 JBullman ... 7 8 8 8-5
Time— «i. :3ffVi; %. :52; %, 1:18H: mil©. 1:43H- Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
C. T. Boots' b. h. by Imp. Brutus-Mollie H. There was a big bonfire in the ring, and the
pencllT? had thetr cold feet well toasted. Man with the white hat got down ¦with both
feet on winner. Sea Lion slid off the rocks and nerer bobbed up to the surface again. Pat
was there at the ivake.
Scorer Rates Incirviduisils
and Teams.
BASEBALL AVERAGES
FOR ENTIRE SEASON
The averages of the players and teams of the California Baseball League for
the entire season of 1S00 have been prepared by J. W. Stapleton, official scorer.
'-¦¦ The surprise in the listing Is the position that Krug occupies In the batting,
base-running and base-stealing column. He heads the list practically, for Pace
has not played in the league for several months.
The San Francisco team shews up In better form with the .stick than in the
field. Stockton is the premier fielding team. Pitchers not appearing In the box
for more than fifteen games were not averaged. The averages tell their own story
and are as follows ;
Official batting, run getting and base stealing records of the California League for th«
season of 1900, for all players participating in fifteen or more games. Complied by^J. Vv.
Stapleton: .
I'nder Arrr.it at IM»H:»
delphlo.
Frank Hcndcnon, the Kr(eree«
Joseph Kelly, HI* Opponent, and
PHILADELPHIA. £>ee. 2X — FranX
Barr, aged 13 years, died lat© to-night la
a hospital here, following a boxing con
test at the Philadelphia Athletic Club.
Joseph Kelly, who was Barr's opponent,
and Frank Henderson, the referee, wer»
arrested. For the past few days a tourn
ament between local amateurs ha3 beea
In progress at the club.
On Thursday night Barr was knocked
out by a boxer, who was afterward dis
qualified on the ground of professional
ism.
This allowed Barr to enter to-nighfs
finals. He boxed four rounds with Kid
White and was awarded the decision. Ha
then met Kelly. The first round was fast,
and Kelly sent Barr to the floor. Hen
derson, under the amateur rules, stopped
the round. Barr came up for the second
round, and Kelly so fax outclassed him
that the fight was stopped. Barr stag
gered as he was leaving the- rlnar and it
was decided to send him to a hospital.
Here It v/as found he had a fractured
ekull and death followed soon after.
Frank Barr Receives Blow
Which Causes His
Death.
BOXING BOUT
ENDS FATALLY
"With the hares showing a disposition to
slacken up a bit on the extraordinary and
unusual speed which has characterized
the winter stakes, and considering
the list of evenly matched hounds that
will compete In the finals, the card for to
day certainly has a very open appearance.
In yesterday's event the form players were
successful In picking winners In all but
fifteen of the sixty-four courses in the
run-down, the Bhort ends averaging at a
little better than 2 to X.
Figuring on probable winners of the big
event Wedgewood, Floodgate and Rocker
look to be the strongest candidates on
the top of the card, with the first named
as choice. On the second half Bad Boy,
Anchor and The Grafter are fancied, with
Bad Boy the most likely to fulfill pre
dections.
For Glory, Mose, Brutus and Forest
King have many followers who figure
them as dangerous factors and good out
side possibilities. Whim and Representa
tive, recent importations, had their ttrst
stake work yesterday, but neither could
score a win. While both showed heavy
and out of condition, neither seemed to
have %he foot. When once on the hare.
Whim did a little good work, but her ken
nel mate had no chance against Brutus.
In the run up the new ones were slow.
The general opinion of leashmen who
have looked the dogs up is that they will
not figure In our stakes of class.
For. Glory showed old-time dash, led
Agamemnon four lengths and scored well
on a good hare.
Herschel's Pride returned to the sport
after a lay-off and won his first course,
beating Psyche pointless. He closed the
run with a clever running pick-up. Har
lean Gladys was forced to go three times
to the slips before she could beat Rural
Artist and then by a .single point. Artist
had the foot in the first and second, while
Gladys outworked in the last, showing the
stamina which is characteristic of the St.
Lawrence get. Floodgate just led Fine
Fire to the hare in a long- slip, but after
that had all the foot. »
Mose beat Chicago Boy after an unde
cided, and In both run-ups seemed to show
stronger than heretofore.
Beside those mentioned the winners In
the second round look to be Golden Gar
ter, Rona. Faithful Lad, Harlean Gladys,
Spiteful, Tom Hurllek, Mose, Castaway,
Golden Russet, Little Sister, Liberator,
Rocker, St. Michael. Silver Cloud. Lady
Claire. Randow Aim, Iowa Boy, Warship,
The Grafter, Roman Athlete, Master
Claire, Brutus. Cascade, Beauty" Spot,
Rosinante and Lear King. The day's re
sults, with Judge John Grace's official
ecores, follow:
Open stake, first round: H. Lynch's Emma
M beat O. J. Olson's Sunburst, 10-3; Captain
Clarkson's Golden Garter beat P. McCabe's
Craig Boy, 6-1; Sterl & Kno-wles" For Glory
beat Aeneid Kennels* Agamemnon, 10-2: P.
Jackson's Honor Bright beat Londe & Gerber's
Mount Ida. 6-4; Aeneid Kennels' Athena beat
Pasha Kennela" Round About, 9-7; H. H.
Gray's lion a beat H. Lynch's Emma M, 8-3;
Russell & Allen's Falthfvil Lad beat Connell
Broe.' St. Helen, 5-1; B. M. Re-Hogg's Ben's
Babe beat Cheetham & Partington's Whim. 8-4;
J. Sutton's Herschel's Pride- beat Curtis &
Sons' Psyche, 5-0; F. Jones' Harlean Gladys
beat Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist. 4-S: F.
Jones* Wedg-ewood beat Russell & Allen's "Wed
ding Bells, 13-9; J. Keenan's I*ady Sears beat
George Sharman's Annie Lawrence, 3-2; T. J.
Cronin's Vandal beat J.- Dean's Warco. 6-4;
Russell & Allen's Hpiteful a bye: F. Jones'
Tom Hurllek beat Curtis & Sons' Shadow. 11-6;
J. Deane's Gallant beat Curtis & Sons' Echo,
4-1; George Nethercott's Floodgate beat Aeneid
Kennels' Fine Fire, 6-2; T. J. Cronin's Vixen
beat Erwln & Lyons' Silver "Wings, 2-0; H. A.
Deckelman's Belle Rocket beat Captain Clark-
Bon's Headwater, 5-4; R. L. Taylor's Mose
beat George .Pharman's Chicago Boy, 10-2:
Russell & Allen's Castaway beat O. Zahl's
Tony Bowers. 12-2; Curtis & Sons' Cash beat
Chiarlni Btob.' Brass Button. 28-10; J. J. Ed
monds' Morning- Glory beat J. Keenan's' Sleieh
Bells, .6-0; P. Jackson's Golden Russet beat D.
J. Healey's Tapioca, 5-S; F. A. McComb's Lit
tle Sister beat A. Johnson's Tod Sloan. 6-2;
Bi-sklne & Jones' Lavender beat P. Reilley's
Lady Granard, 4-1; P. Doyle's Liberator beat
Curtis & Sons' Warpath, 6-2; Curtis & Sons'
McKlnley beat J. Carroll's Auckland, 13-5;
Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured beat George
Sharman's Miss Skyrocket, 8-8; H. A. Deckel
man's Rocker beat 6. Hamdy's Twin City Girl,
ll-S; J. Dean's Connemara beat- D. Toland'6
Pleasant Girl. 8-2; J. P. Thrift's St. Michael
beat J. Keenan's Lundln Links, 12-2: C. O.
Peterson's Silver Cloud beat George Snarman'a
Bowery Boy. 8-4; Maher & Reid's Uncle Fuller
beat H. Lynch's Lilac. 5-3: Russell & Allen's
First Foot beat Aenetd Kennels' Achilles. 4-3;
D. J. Healey's Lady Claire beat Russell & Al
len's Scotland Yet, ,14-4: F. A. McComb's Sir
Pasha a bye; Pasha Kennels' Random Aim
heat Captain Cane's Victor Boy, 8-1: E. M:
Kellofcff's Iowa Boy beat L. G. Hodgklns'
Palmflower, 10-1: J. Smith's Boney Boy beat
George Parkinson's Ben Lomond, 4-1; P. J.
Rellly's Wnrshln beat J. H. Perigo's Control
ler, 3-2; P. J. Reilly's The Grafter beat J.
Keenan s DreadnauKht. 6-4; Pasha Kennele*
May Hempetead bent TD. M. Kellogfc's Kid Mc-
Coy. 12-10: E. Geary's America beat Pasha
Kennels" Fiery Face, 13-10: C. Bonar's Wild
Norah beat J. Holden's Scottish Chief. 12-0:
Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete beat Curtis &
Sons' Kibosh, 10-0; J. Carroll's Master Claire
beat C. O. Peterson's Half Moon;, 5-2: E.
Geary's Bonnie Pasha beat. Connell Bros."
White Hat, 10-0; T. Tlerney's Lucretla Borgia
beat Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne, 2-0; J. P.
Thrift's Bnitus boat Cheetliam & Partlngton'a
Representative, 3-1; P. Iteilly's Cascade beat J.
II. Perigro's Lady Davenport, 3-2; Russell &
Allen's Strayaway beat Payha Kennel's Rol
licking Airs, 10-6; J. Sheridan's Forest Kins
beat C. O. Peterson's Jennie Noyes. 14-0; B.' M.
KellosK's fjweet Emma beat Curtis & Sons'.
Fashion Plate, 6-3; R. L. Taylor's Beauty
Spot beat Kay Bros.' Hawker. 4-O; P. J. Rell
l-»-"s Peter West beat A. Johnson's Bald Eajrle.
5-4; Curtis & Sons' War Eagle beat H. Lynch's
Game Cock, 19-5; Curtis & Sons' Anchor heat
J. J. Edmonds' Go On, 3-2; Maher & Reid's
Bad Boy beat Lande & Gerber's Rlcnzi. 14-8:
J. Sutton's Master Lawrence beat M. Dunlea's
Erin, 4-0: Curtis A Sons' Roslnante beat H.
A. Drckelman's Flyaway, 4-2; Aeneid Kennels'
Aethra beat Connell Bros.' Mamie Pleasant,
14-11; J. Smith's Master Workman beat P.
Doyle's Thelma, 4-3;'- A.- Vpnderwhite's Lear
King beat A. Burk's Night Time. 3-1.
Wedgpewood and Bad Boy Are Likely
. Candidates — Floodgate, Eocker
Anchor and The Grafter
in Favor.
Contestants in Union Park
Finals Are Coursers
of Record.
FAST HOUNDS ARE
EVENLY MATCHED
The Ton- Delayed Paper Innnrd to
Captain AVall— Formation of
a National Gc&nl A- :-o
ciatlim.
Comrr.injnons were Issued from the office
ef the Adjutant General at Sacramento
yesterday to Thomas F. O'Neil as colonel
of tho First Infantry; John F. Connelly,
jJeutenart colonel; W. R. Robertson., ma
jor; Joseph A. Brown, firpt lieutenant of
Company A; Charles L. O'Donnell, first
lieutenant of Company D; William G.
G rattan, first lieutenant of Company G;
P. J. Newman, second lieutenant of Com
pany G; William I* "U'all. captain; Rich
ard CaUopy, first lieutenant, and F. W.
NTewfcert, sacond lieutenant of Company
M— all cf the First Infantry; A. N. Boyen.
first lieutenant «md Inspector of rifle prac
tice of the Fifth Infantry: J- CreJffh. sec
cad lieutenant of Company G of the Sixth
Infantry; E. J. UuJerwood. Srst lieuten
ant of Company G cf the Seventh Infan
try; E. C. Kelly, major and inspector of
rifle practice. Third Brigade.
I>r. C. £>. McGtttigaxi, captain and as
sistant surgeon Sanitary Corps, is as
sisrad to ine Fifth Lrifantry. Dr. Thomas
J. Maher, captain aud assistant surgeon
of the Sanitary Corps, is assigned to the
:First Infantry. I>r. Z. T. Malaby. cap
tain and assistant surgeon. Is assigned to
Troop A, cavalry.
The application of Captain A. J. Kelle
h.er, adjutant cf the First Infantry, and
that of J. F. E^gert. captain of Company
L. tame regiment, to be placed on the re
tired list, have been forwarded to supe
rior headQuart*rs.
Dr. Thomas Rethers has been recom
mended by Colonel O'Nell for surgeon of
the First Infantry, and Lieutenant Harry
y. ilcGurren tor battalion major.
The First Infantry will have Its last
ehoot of the year at Shell Mound to-<lay.
The re*igr.ation of Georye W. Meyers
i..< second lieutenant of Company I, ULver
snore. Fifth Infantry, has been accepted.
At a meeting at which were present Ma
jor General Dickinson, Colonels Berry,
Johnson, Whitton, O'Neil and Bergia
Jjieutcnant Colonels Hayes, Hubex and
Connelly; ilajors Robertson, Desborough
sind Margo and Captain D. A. Smith. It
•was decided to form the National Guard
Officers' Association of California, which
chall have- for Its purpose "the further
ing of the Interests of the miltary ser
vice in an intelligent and unlteu manner."
Ail officers on the active list are eligible
to membership.
The affairs of the association are to be
Tr.iinaged by an executive board, to oon
j=ist of the adjutant general, th* com
manders of tha division, brigades, regi
jtu'.ihs. naval militia and of each troop
of cavalry, two lino officers from each,
regiment and two from the naval militia,
to be selected by th« respective board of
pfficers and or.e officer each from the sani
tary and Eignal corps, to bo designated
by the eurgeon general and chief signal
< illcer. The association is to be officered
by a president, secretary and treasurer.
to l>e elected from the executive board.
Tbo first oilicers will be elected at & meet«
ir.g- to be held on January 10 next.
'i"he reports of the last held general pa
rade show that the First Infantry, twelve
companies, had out 5."3 men and had 121
jibsem. and thet the Fifth Infantry, with
dins companies, paraded <13 mea and had
a absesx.
Thomas F. O'Neir Now
Colonel of First In
fantry Regiment.
GUARDSMEN ARE
COMMISSIONED
RUNNING OF THE HORSES AND THE HOUNDS AND SPRINTING ON THE DIAMOND
THE SAN FBANOISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER S3, 1900.
ANDRISA CAPTURES
CHANTILLY HANDICAP
Trs.o3s. Is Heavy sl.xi.c3l !Pc27?joci.
Flayers at Fault.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
25
1 I f I 8 § | | I |
XAME AND CLUB. j ffg I ° S 9
.'¦<•'•-•':• - »0» • 8 * >»« B ? ' • " ' ''
|. r ! . I ! I f f j j
Pace. Stockton 61 194 28 61 30 0 S 9 I .314
Kruff. San Francisco 83 345 60 105 13 4 4 23 S .204
McHale Stockton 50 153 20 45 19 0 1 5 0 .294
Pabst, San Francisco 79 303 62 88 28 3 5 18 » .23<>
Hildebrandt. San Francisco 92 351 63 101 32 0 8 19 13 .287
McQucken, Stockton 61 206 30 59 16 0 4 5 U .286
Schwartz. San Francisco 91 358 57 100 IS 1 . 4 17 6 .279
Eagan. Sacramento 88 327 70 90 23 11 3 IS 5 .275
Hutchinson, Oakland 84 310 67 85 19 2 4 13 4 .271
Francks. Oakland 91 25s 51 96 32 1 5 20 7 .269
Borchera, Oakland 37 130 14 35 2 0 1 2 1 .2«3
BrockhofT. San Francisco 89 356 63 94 27 ' 0 6 10 3 .264
Devereaux, Sacramento ...83 300 71 7S 46 3 1 12 8 .260
Schmeer. Oakland 24 iQO 18 26 5 0 1 3 1 .260
Streib, Stockton 72 230 39 12 « 1 5 6- 13 .237
Hanlon. Sacramento 87 Z2i 56 83 40 9 1 14 5 .CoS
Courtney, Stockton S3 ;70 C4 69 21 2 2 11 10 .2T->
Sheehan. Sacramento 2590 19 23 10 0 0 2 2 .255
McLaughlln. Sacramento S8 342 69 87 47 3 3 15 4 .234
Held. Oakland 59 214 30 54 16 5 4 12 4 .232
Hardle, Oakland 42 139 13 35 8 1 1 5 3 .251
Stanley, Sacramento 83 S07 43 77 13 4 3 9 10 .230
Arrellanes, Oakland 60 232 I 27 58 10 1 3 12 3 .230
Kelly, Oakland 24 SO 1 10 20 2 0 0 3 2 .230
Moskiman, Oakland 77-290 30 71 13 1 3 8 3 .244
Doyle, Sacramento 86 331 29 81 22 1 2 12 6 .244
Hammond. Oakland 24 100 16 24 10 0 0 4 ! .240
Beville, Oakland 17 50 7 12 00132 .240
Hughes. Sacramento 81 306 39 73 21 3 . 7 12 1 -.233
Knell, San Francisco 20 59 2 14 1 0-» 0 1 1 .237
Eaper, Stockton and Sacramento... 13 ' 59 6 14 4 0 0 1 0 .237
Lockhead, Stockton '. 38 145 21 3t 14 0 2 10 6 .234
Sullivan. San Francisco 71 2«1 39 61 13 0 2 14 8 .233
Lohman, Oakland 19 59 8 13 2 1 1 1 0 .228
Bowman,- Oakland 52 181 25 41 13 0 3 7 3 .228
Jack McCarthy. Stockton 83 333 41 74 35 0 4 13 6 .222
Dunleavy, Oakland / 30 114 13 25 7 0 3' 4 1 .219
Mangerina. Oakland 50 175 19 38 6 1 0 4 4 .217
Drennan, Oakland 8S 34S 51 73 25 1 1 15 5 .215
Levy, San Francisco 85 S07 35 64 14 2 0 10 16 .20S
Harper. Stockton 39 111 11 23 5 0 1 1 11 .207
Moore, Stockton .88 316 34 63 16 0 4 13 9 .203
Shanahan, Sacramento "38 127 14 26 7 1 0 « 3 .204
Reilly. San Francisco 91 337 40 68 11 0 1 16 8 .201
Lange. Oakland 62 204 17 41 18 0 0 9 6 .201
Stultz. Sacramento 88 301 82 53 21 1 3 5 6 .192
Babbitt. Stockton 88 207 41 56 41 0 4 10 17 .1SS
Iburjr. San Francisco 49 154 19 28 * 7 0 0 7 6 .181
Fitzpatrick, San Francisco 43 140 16 25 1 2 1 12 3 .178
Peeples. San Francisco 21 70 6 12 40021 .171
Graham. Stockton 27 89 18 15 6 0 0 0 7 .163
Morrow, Stockton 40 150 ,12 25 10 0 2 4 6 .166
Joe McCarthy. San Francisco 16 60 6 10 00 0 1 6 .166
Whalen. Stockton 47 142 15 22 14 0-1 4 3 .155
Pyne, Stockton and Sacramento... 20 7fi 5 11 70 0 2 2 .144
Dennle, Sacramento 21 6S 6'9 1 0 0 0 3 .132
StefTanl, Oakland 17 50 | 2 4 0 0 0 0 5 .080
¦¦ TEAM BATTING. ETC]
a a o h~~ 13 H » cj s 3
CLUBS. U ¦" " 5
: i : . : § : '• • '• »
; • . . : o
- ' ¦•::•::'::::
________ * * • * • ' ] * ¦
San Francisco 93 47 43 3 .522 3143 467 7S1 163 .21S
Sacramento" 8S 50 33 3 -5«8 2049 457 703 2«2 .2^J
Oakland 93 41 51 3 .445 32"6 4:S 761 192 .237
Stockton 88 39 48 1 .448 28SO 350 647 263 .223
'FIELDING AVERAGES. CATCHERS.
a "3 > s y a *s *¦ s £ >
NAMB. :" c " j 2 NAME. |" % f f " S
%
NAME AND CLUB.
— — — — - i 1 , 1 1 ,
• /__ ¦_ ¦__ __ ___ ' : ¦ ' • i • • : i .
!?!_$ Ba8emen - „«. ,. 17 97G Sullivan ¦ life 119 "a ~fc
f. trel . b •••" llf* \° I! -| 7 ? Hammond 24 U9 34 9 3.927.
ganlon 84 S6S 31 24.9.4 stanley 83.333 9 , 18 2092;,
Pabst <»S09 37 24.9.2 ManEerIna < 9 197 K ,. ,„ 9J6
H " t^" S0 " ••••••••" S4W9 41 37 - 951 Pace 511243 68 11 21.937
Second Basemen- Graham.. 27 105 43 8 9.857
g ei »y • 20 53 Eg 7.941 Ea(fe _ - v I
FrancKs 12 ,22 ,i2 J2 -^ Lohman IS 531 '1 S 3 .S70
Arrellanes 58 139 189 27 .922 Schwartz \ 22| 79 34 14 6 .84U
Courtney 46 110 10a 18.9...: ' '
Stultz 89 139 234 33.920 PITCH F??«*
Babbitt 2a 49 'J3 13 .913 rirc±i_RS.
Schwarta 69 145 162 31.903
Third Basemen— f "-' £> 3 > S? 5 >¦
Kelly 24 34 46 8.900 ~.*.' 5 =. 5 = g
Moore ." 89 161 228 51 .884 5 „ » ° & 3
Rellly . 661141S9 41 .E80 ..,,„ ? O « ? « 5
llllfi
K 51 !E:::::::::::::::::::: SSSSS — 1,1,11,11
Babbitt 52 102 111 36.871 Mosklman SI 24 83 3 4I.92S
Eagan 83 173 231 71 .857 Hughes 36 19 90 6 6I.90S
Lockhead T 29 62 <8.> 2o .So4 iburg 48 IS 93 7 51.902
Schmeer 2< 44 S3 23 .84b Fitzpatrfck 37 16 107 8 10.90O
Peeples .'. -. 1» 15 36 M -809 StefTanl 16 2 42 2 3.838
Fielders- . V, ¦,'... Zi Beville 15 7 22 4 0.873
McHalo 29 47 1 0 1000 W halen 36 12 80 4 9 .87«
Hold 4 » Jo 8 3 .Ste Doyle 3S 19 88 9 7.870
Pyne 16 29 1 1.967 Harper 36 10 S6 6 10.857
Mc«uckei» •• ;2 1vJ6l 6 4 .9So Borchers 31 9j 62 15 6.771
Huehes *° C7 *• 3 .9*>0 .
Bowman'".! 5? 51 I i '£2 TEAM FIELDING.
Courtney 24 41 b 2 ,9a3 •;
Brcckhoff .-- gWM W, C > q -I
nrrnnan 87 150 9 11 .»4'j PC » 2l 2
r>ov?e « K 5 4 - 94S 3 " £• 3 3
HUdebrand "........ ••• ?2 1« 24 10.942 S ° S 3 a
Moskiman J? " - * »*; CLUBS. • : • C
SSSSB? •-::::::::::¦::::::::: «'* « 5 8S fs I
riSj. 8« its 13 17.917 ; : : : :
McLaukhiinv;:::;;:.... pi» « i«.|h • _j__,_l,j.,_
SStorSsS^ §^H Sii"? I eS Stockton J SS 2300 1115 231 .931
Hardle 9 3 _ 8 5 ggj Sacramento 88 2306 1094 267.9:7
sneenan 2() t 4 g9l Sun Francisco 93 24411234 309.9^1
nnle V ' 23 39 3 7.857 Oakland 95 2495 1273 322.921
c ?a
1 g
¦ ?
.1 i_l_
£2.
_! *
i i
: p
• ?
i * i
1 I f I 8 § | | I |
XAME AND CLUB. j ffg I ° S 9
.'¦<•'•-•':• - »0» • 8 * >»« B ? ' • " ' ''
|. r ! . I ! I f f j j
Pace. Stockton 61 194 28 61 30 0 S 9 I .314
Kruff. San Francisco 83 345 60 105 13 4 4 23 S .204
McHale Stockton 50 153 20 45 19 0 1 5 0 .294
Pabst, San Francisco 79 303 62 88 28 3 5 18 » .23<>
Hildebrandt. San Francisco 92 351 63 101 32 0 8 19 13 .287
McQucken, Stockton 61 206 30 59 16 0 4 5 U .286
Schwartz. San Francisco 91 358 57 100 IS 1 . 4 17 6 .279
Eagan. Sacramento 88 327 70 90 23 11 3 IS 5 .275
Hutchinson, Oakland 84 310 67 85 19 2 4 13 4 .271
Francks. Oakland 91 25s 51 96 32 1 5 20 7 .269
Borchera, Oakland 37 130 14 35 2 0 1 2 1 .2«3
BrockhofT. San Francisco 89 356 63 94 27 ' 0 6 10 3 .264
Devereaux, Sacramento ...83 300 71 7S 46 3 1 12 8 .260
Schmeer. Oakland 24 iQO 18 26 5 0 1 3 1 .260
Streib, Stockton 72 230 39 12 « 1 5 6- 13 .237
Hanlon. Sacramento 87 Z2i 56 83 40 9 1 14 5 .CoS
Courtney, Stockton S3 ;70 C4 69 21 2 2 11 10 .2T->
Sheehan. Sacramento 2590 19 23 10 0 0 2 2 .255
McLaughlln. Sacramento S8 342 69 87 47 3 3 15 4 .234
Held. Oakland 59 214 30 54 16 5 4 12 4 .232
Hardle, Oakland 42 139 13 35 8 1 1 5 3 .251
Stanley, Sacramento 83 S07 43 77 13 4 3 9 10 .230
Arrellanes, Oakland 60 232 I 27 58 10 1 3 12 3 .230
Kelly, Oakland 24 SO 1 10 20 2 0 0 3 2 .230
Moskiman, Oakland 77-290 30 71 13 1 3 8 3 .244
Doyle, Sacramento 86 331 29 81 22 1 2 12 6 .244
Hammond. Oakland 24 100 16 24 10 0 0 4 ! .240
Beville, Oakland 17 50 7 12 00132 .240
Hughes. Sacramento 81 306 39 73 21 3 . 7 12 1 -.233
Knell, San Francisco 20 59 2 14 1 0-» 0 1 1 .237
Eaper, Stockton and Sacramento... 13 ' 59 6 14 4 0 0 1 0 .237
Lockhead, Stockton '. 38 145 21 3t 14 0 2 10 6 .234
Sullivan. San Francisco 71 2«1 39 61 13 0 2 14 8 .233
Lohman, Oakland 19 59 8 13 2 1 1 1 0 .228
Bowman,- Oakland 52 181 25 41 13 0 3 7 3 .228
Jack McCarthy. Stockton 83 333 41 74 35 0 4 13 6 .222
Dunleavy, Oakland / 30 114 13 25 7 0 3' 4 1 .219
Mangerina. Oakland 50 175 19 38 6 1 0 4 4 .217
Drennan, Oakland 8S 34S 51 73 25 1 1 15 5 .215
Levy, San Francisco 85 S07 35 64 14 2 0 10 16 .20S
Harper. Stockton 39 111 11 23 5 0 1 1 11 .207
Moore, Stockton .88 316 34 63 16 0 4 13 9 .203
Shanahan, Sacramento "38 127 14 26 7 1 0 « 3 .204
Reilly. San Francisco 91 337 40 68 11 0 1 16 8 .201
Lange. Oakland 62 204 17 41 18 0 0 9 6 .201
Stultz. Sacramento 88 301 82 53 21 1 3 5 6 .192
Babbitt. Stockton 88 207 41 56 41 0 4 10 17 .1SS
Iburjr. San Francisco 49 154 19 28 * 7 0 0 7 6 .181
Fitzpatrick, San Francisco 43 140 16 25 1 2 1 12 3 .178
Peeples. San Francisco 21 70 6 12 40021 .171
Graham. Stockton 27 89 18 15 6 0 0 0 7 .163
Morrow, Stockton 40 150 ,12 25 10 0 2 4 6 .166
Joe McCarthy. San Francisco 16 60 6 10 00 0 1 6 .166
Whalen. Stockton 47 142 15 22 14 0-1 4 3 .155
Pyne, Stockton and Sacramento... 20 7fi 5 11 70 0 2 2 .144
Dennle, Sacramento 21 6S 6'9 1 0 0 0 3 .132
StefTanl, Oakland 17 50 | 2 4 0 0 0 0 5 .080
¦¦ TEAM BATTING. ETC]
a a o h~~ 13 H » cj s 3
CLUBS. U ¦" " 5
: i : . : § : '• • '• »
; • . . : o
- ' ¦•::•::'::::
________ * * • * • ' ] * ¦
San Francisco 93 47 43 3 .522 3143 467 7S1 163 .21S
Sacramento" 8S 50 33 3 -5«8 2049 457 703 2«2 .2^J
Oakland 93 41 51 3 .445 32"6 4:S 761 192 .237
Stockton 88 39 48 1 .448 28SO 350 647 263 .223
'FIELDING AVERAGES. CATCHERS.
a "3 > s y a *s *¦ s £ >
NAMB. :" c " j 2 NAME. |" % f f " S
%
NAME AND CLUB.
— — — — - i 1 , 1 1 ,
• /__ ¦_ ¦__ __ ___ ' : ¦ ' • i • • : i .
!?!_$ Ba8emen - „«. ,. 17 97G Sullivan ¦ life 119 "a ~fc
f. trel . b •••" llf* \° I! -| 7 ? Hammond 24 U9 34 9 3.927.
ganlon 84 S6S 31 24.9.4 stanley 83.333 9 , 18 2092;,
Pabst <»S09 37 24.9.2 ManEerIna < 9 197 K ,. ,„ 9J6
H " t^" S0 " ••••••••" S4W9 41 37 - 951 Pace 511243 68 11 21.937
Second Basemen- Graham.. 27 105 43 8 9.857
g ei »y • 20 53 Eg 7.941 Ea(fe _ - v I
FrancKs 12 ,22 ,i2 J2 -^ Lohman IS 531 '1 S 3 .S70
Arrellanes 58 139 189 27 .922 Schwartz \ 22| 79 34 14 6 .84U
Courtney 46 110 10a 18.9...: ' '
Stultz 89 139 234 33.920 PITCH F??«*
Babbitt 2a 49 'J3 13 .913 rirc±i_RS.
Schwarta 69 145 162 31.903
Third Basemen— f "-' £> 3 > S? 5 >¦
Kelly 24 34 46 8.900 ~.*.' 5 =. 5 = g
Moore ." 89 161 228 51 .884 5 „ » ° & 3
Rellly . 661141S9 41 .E80 ..,,„ ? O « ? « 5
llllfi
K 51 !E:::::::::::::::::::: SSSSS — 1,1,11,11
Babbitt 52 102 111 36.871 Mosklman SI 24 83 3 4I.92S
Eagan 83 173 231 71 .857 Hughes 36 19 90 6 6I.90S
Lockhead T 29 62 <8.> 2o .So4 iburg 48 IS 93 7 51.902
Schmeer 2< 44 S3 23 .84b Fitzpatrfck 37 16 107 8 10.90O
Peeples .'. -. 1» 15 36 M -809 StefTanl 16 2 42 2 3.838
Fielders- . V, ¦,'... Zi Beville 15 7 22 4 0.873
McHalo 29 47 1 0 1000 W halen 36 12 80 4 9 .87«
Hold 4 » Jo 8 3 .Ste Doyle 3S 19 88 9 7.870
Pyne 16 29 1 1.967 Harper 36 10 S6 6 10.857
Mc«uckei» •• ;2 1vJ6l 6 4 .9So Borchers 31 9j 62 15 6.771
Huehes *° C7 *• 3 .9*>0 .
Bowman'".! 5? 51 I i '£2 TEAM FIELDING.
Courtney 24 41 b 2 ,9a3 •;
Brcckhoff .-- gWM W, C > q -I
nrrnnan 87 150 9 11 .»4'j PC » 2l 2
r>ov?e « K 5 4 - 94S 3 " £• 3 3
HUdebrand "........ ••• ?2 1« 24 10.942 S ° S 3 a
Moskiman J? " - * »*; CLUBS. • : • C
SSSSB? •-::::::::::¦::::::::: «'* « 5 8S fs I
riSj. 8« its 13 17.917 ; : : : :
McLaukhiinv;:::;;:.... pi» « i«.|h • _j__,_l,j.,_
SStorSsS^ §^H Sii"? I eS Stockton J SS 2300 1115 231 .931
Hardle 9 3 _ 8 5 ggj Sacramento 88 2306 1094 267.9:7
sneenan 2() t 4 g9l Sun Francisco 93 24411234 309.9^1
nnle V ' 23 39 3 7.857 Oakland 95 2495 1273 322.921
c ?a
1 g
¦ ?
.1 i_l_
£2.
_! *
i i
: p
• ?
i * i
ADVUKTISEHCEIXTS,
lENT FREETO MEN!
A Host Remarkable Remedy Thai
Quickly Restores Lost Vizor
to Men.
A Free Trial Faekago Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to dlstributa
free trial packages to all wbo.wrltft. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of sexoal weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seema to act direct
to the desired location, giving str«ngrth
and development just where It is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles .hat coma
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success m
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, S2S Klektron bolldlcg-. Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you deslro cn»
of their free trial packages, will be com-
piled with promptly. The Institute Is de-
sirous of reaching- that grea: class of mea
who are unable to leave home to bs treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable thesx
to see how easy It is to be cured of sax-
ual weakness when the proper rexnedi&s
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will bo
sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain package, so that Its recipient nee4
have no fear of embarrassment or public-
ity. Readers are requested to irrlt* witiu
»»»t daisy.Victims of Seasickness.
FOUR umpires and three scorers
were used up in the charity game
played at Recreation grounds
yesterday afternoon between
nines representing the commis
sion merchants and the Produce Ex
change. The merchants won by a score of
18 to 16. The struggle was a fearful one,
full of fire, fury and recalcitrant demon
strations, but when the end came— happy
end— they all shook hands and said: "We
will do the same thing next year."
Charity was- hit in the eye with a Na
tional League ball on account, of the foul-
Ing propensities of the players, who did
their protracted turn on the diamond in
most skill-less manner. The story of the
game is the story of a' single ball which
cost Emll E. -Kahn, the '"angel ," Just
$12 25. That is why charity suffered.
In their ignorance of Recreation Park
conditions, -the Producers and " the Com
missioners came equipped with number
less bats, masks, gloves and all the appur
tenances of a baseball game, excepting
the most necessary baseballs. At last a
ball was obtained and the game begun.
A minute later tho ball leaped ' over the
about - every •; symptom, remedy, allevia
tion or- aggravation ' of - seasickness, and
the | reading thereof : should contribute to
ease the depression which usually, accom
panies that terror of the landsman afloat.
For the man. who discovers the "specific"
there Is a' prize of £4000.. That will ,be
cheerful at . any., rate. .
fence In foul flight. This cost Emil E.
Kahn fifty cents for. redemption. . Soon
after this the ball went over the fence
again, and once : more the small boy
reaped hla rodemptlonal reward. Kahn
wired his agent to dispose of some oil
stock, and baseballs were listed two or
three points higher. ••. ; ¦
When the frame was over Kahn's money
was gone,; every -boy In the neighborhood
of .the grounds was buying Christmas
presents. ; and the few spectators had to
be told that the game was. finished. :.
Under Kahn's clever manipulation the
price of a dollar baseball was advanced
several hundred polnta In- two hours. The
small boy retriever on the outside of the
grounds was the recipient of all the
Christmas charity, depending ¦ upon the
game between the Produce Exchange and
commission merchants nines.
This is the way the teamsllned up: ,
Commission. Position. Produce.'
Dan Smith ........ Catcher Charles Mills
Geonse Webster .. Pitcher ....... Robart Walsh
J. Clasbjr ......-..."First Base.'... ...... .S. Mills
F. O'Neill ......... Second Base... .....Rodolph
J. '< Btevens i. "...Third Base.. ...... A.' Henno
T.Magee ¦..¦..•....:: Short Stop........ ..EJ. Luke
F. Burnham*... ."...Left Field. .......... J. Daly
D. Walker .......... Center Field .'..... J. Bonnar
T. Shortball Right Field.. J. Forgie
The truth Is that from the moment of
his birth the Prince of Wales has been
splendidly rich. He was born, • as the
Irishman would say, with sixty thousand
a year In his pocket, and from that day
to this the Duchy of Cornwall has yielded
him that magnificent sujn. At 22 the
Prince married, and Parliament gave him
Marlborouph House and a weddlnp pres
ent of £40,000 a year. That. too. has
come to him resrularly since JS63, year In
and year out. In 1889, when the Prince's
family ran away with his money, Parlia
ment once more came to his aid and
nearly doubled the jrrant he had received
since 1S63. From 18S9 the Prince, has been
relieved of the anxieties of a father for
tho financial welfare of his children by
a Epectol grant of £36,000 a year, which
comes to him In quarterly Installments of
£9000. So that the public Income- of tha
Prince Is £136,000 a year. That Is what
It Is worth to be Prince of Walesa-Tem
ple Magazine.
Prince of Wales' Income.
PROMINENT CITIZENS DISTINGUISH THEMSELVES IN VARIOUS
WAYS AT THE BASEBALL GAME BETWEEN THE COMMISSION
MEN AND MEMBERS OF THE PRODUCE EXCHANGE.
BASEBALLS EAT UP
CHARITY'S EARNINGS
iMIer olieunts Beat Produce
Excliange Is/L&tcl. %
Yesterday was the second day of the
celebration, and at the morning senile
Rabbi Hecht of Los Angeles preached an
eloquent permon on the hypocrisy of re
ligion. The va?t audience listened with
marked attention to every word of the
f peaker and after the close of the service
the rabbi was overwhelmed with con
cra-tuJations.
Rabbi Voorsanger and Cantor Btark
conducted the simple yet Impressive cere
monies of the reform congregation, pre
vious to the sermon of Rabbi Hecht. The
vounf divine choee for his text Isaiah
42:9, "Behold, the former things have
come to pass and new things do I de-
The semi-centennial celebration of the
Ccngregatior.al Temple Emanu-El will
close this afternoon with an elaborate
festival service. In addition to the special t
musical numbers arranged by Cantor
Ftaxk to be rendered by the choir, orches
tra and organ, there will be addresses by
the leading Jewish divines of the Pacific
Coast. Rabbis Voorsanger, Kleto, "Wise,
Greenburg and Friedlander will speak to
The congregation, which is expected to be
the most representative of Jewish society
ever gathered together. As It Is impossible
to accommodate all who desire to be pres
ent, the officers of the congregation an
nounce that admission to the temple will
be fcy invitation card only.
He Eloquently Addresses the
Congregation Temple
Emanu-El.
Fa!e to-morrow 9 a. m. at H. Bchellhaas"
Furniture Store, Eleventh Ftreet, Oakland. •
RABBI HECHT WARS
ON HYPOCRISY
Fails in Effort to Have tlie Order iu
Jockey Coburn's Favor
Dissolved.
OAKLAND, Dec. 22.— The attorneys for
Thomas "W. Dottrldge made an unsuccess
ful attempt to-day to nave the court dis-
LOTTRIDGE IS STILL
UNDEB AN INJUNCTION
One day (Monday) remains of th» dona
tion days for the Children's Hospital. To
be sure, every . day In tho year may be
donation day for any one who desires to
send-'a gift of money or food. fuel, or
clothing to the. hospital at "00 California
street. But for this . one more day (to
morrow) a rommittee of Iadifs will be in
waiting at 227 Gutter street, a central and
convenient point, to receive all the good
things that the good hearts of the people
may prompt them to send as Christmas
gifts to the 150 helpless and suffering lit
tle ones cared for each month at the
hospital. '. '/;¦.'-;. ¦¦ . ' ' -
Children's Hospital Donation.
There will be greater rejoicing through
out the State this vear than on former
festive occasions of this character. It
will be indeed a "Meiry Christmas," a*
the early rains have covered the hills and
Valleys with a gresn mantle; prosperity
is evidenced by the busy factories: the
stores are crowded with holiday purchas
ers and the spirit of charity is abroad
in the land. Santa Claus has dealt boun
teously with this State and Its citizens
will to-dav voice their appreciation In
prayer and joyful hymn3.
Every congregation has marie specinl
effort to attract tho .-trangors within our
¦gat»-R to the sacretl edifices. Sublime
music end special permons wli. be heanl
In the churches. The holly anil red berry
and blowers appropriate to the season of
tho year hr.vc been u.?cd In profusion to
make the interiors look more inviting.
* Elaborate musical programmes will be
rendered in the churches of this /City to
day by augmented choirs. Twice each
year choir masters put forth their great
est efforts to give th'tir respective con
gregations the best they have in the
realm of music. On Kaster morning the
sweet singers joyfully acclaim that
"Christ is risen," a/ifl as Christmas is
held in- sacred memory as the day cf
Jesus' birth the anniversary of his com
ing- on earth is also commemorated with
song and prayer. Two thousand years
ago the Savior was born in the little vil
lage of Bethlehem in Judea. From the day
ot his birth he has exercised a remark
able influence in the world. His name .s
everlasting and his piaises will be suns
throughout the ages to come.
To-day being the Sabbath there will
be a large outpouring of worshipers. An
on Easter day every church will be
crowded and the arche3 of the sacred ed
ifices, will resound v/ich the sacred songs,
chants and fervent amens of the multi
tude.
SERVICES OF JOY
IN THE CHURCHES
Augmented Choirs to Ren
der Special Programmes
of Sacred Music.
Judge Ellsworth refused to "hear their
petition on the ground that they had not
served the proper notices upon Coburn'e
counsel. . ,
Lottridge's attorneys contended that he
is subject to great loss and inconvenience
because of the injunction and also asked
that Coburn's bond be raised, as *200. the
present amount, is insufficient, they said,
to cover their client's loss. Attorney Ben
jamin, who was on hand for Coburn, ob
jected on the ground that no court would
require a higher bond when blackmail was
a count in the complaint. Judge Ells
worth refused to raiso ihe .amount of the
jockey's security.
solve the Injunction forbidding their cli
ent to try to have Jockey Willie Coburn
ruled off the racetrack.
of the knife was all that saved his life
About two weeks apro, ¦while picking: up
bark, LJpse was bitten on his thumb at
the base of the nail by a tarantula. He
treated the blto with some simple remedy
and g-ave It no thought until blood poi-
Bonlng set in. j
Century Club is the name of an or&aniza^
tion incorporated to-day by Mrs. Robert
Watt and other prominent ladies who
joined her in her recent withdrawal from
th<? OokiMid Club. *
Tho first aim of the new association Is
"to establish and maintain schools of do
mestic science, including cooking schools
and sewing Fchools." The second purpose
of the club is "to establish and maintain
a bureau to aid worthy persons in secur
ing puitable employment and to promote
proper and harmonious relations between
employer and employes."
The "club .further aims "to establish and
OAKLAND, Dec. 22.— The Oakland New
OAKLAND NEW CENTXTRY
CLTJB IS INCORPORATED
Bee tb« holiday coofls to-morrow at H. Schell
fcaas', cor. Eleventh &nd Franklin sts., Oakld. •
Holy communion. S a. m. : morning prayer
and holy communion, 10 a. m. : morning prayer;
orp>n prelude. "Pastorale" (L>e5hayes); pro
cessionaC No. 4?. "O, Come All Ye Faithful";
"Venite" (Langdon); Proper Pealms 19, 45, 85;
first lesson. Isaiah ix:5-S; "De Deum" (Tours),
in F; second lesson. L,uka 11:5-15; "Jubilate
At St. John's Episcopal Church. Rev.
Martin N. Ray, rector, the holy eucharist
will bo celebrated at 7:43 o'clock a. m. :
morning- prayer at 11 a. m. ; choral euchar
ist at noon.*" On Christinas day a high
festival will be held at 10:30 a. m. The
choir will render special music under di
rection of Choirmaster John do P. Toller.
Old Christmas hymns and carols will be
interspersed during the service. The Sun
day school festival will be held January
5, during the afternoon and evening.
The Church of th« Advent, Rev. Wil
liam Carson Shaw, rector, will provide
the following:
At St. Pauls Episcopal Church. Rev.
Robert Ritchie, rector, the Christmas
music will be as follows:
"'"Venite" (Robinson); "Gloria Patri" (Rob
inson); "Te l>tum" (Parry): "Jubilate" (Sul
livan); "Kyrie." "Gloria Tibi" (Woodward);
anthem, "Sing, O Heavens" (Tours); offertory
folo, "Hark, What Mean Those Holy Voices?"
(Hav.-lej). Mrs. Deulah Georse; presentation of
alms; "Old Hundred": "Sanctus," "Agnus
Dei" (Woodward). Arthur FicKenacher is or
ganist and K'iw-ln Dunbar Crandall choirmaster.
A. Christmas Sunday school concert will
be given to-mcrrov.v evening at Market
street Congregational Church.
At the Fiist Congregational Church,
Rev. Charles R. Brown will rename the
whiter Bible class instruction. There v.lll
be a Christmas praise service in the even-
Ing with music from tne oratorio of ths
•"Messiah."
At the First Baptist Church, Rev. C. H.
Hobart, pastor, there will be special
music in the^ morning. The Sunday school
will have a -sonR service in the evontng.
the church choir assisting. The pastor
will deliver an address.
* .
Oakland Office San Francisco Cail,
. A 1113 Broadway, Dec. 22.
The churches of this city have arranged
elaborate musical services for to-mor
row's Christmas celebrations.
Morning— "Glory Be to God" (Cranmer); "O
Sing to God" ("Noel";, (Gounod); "O Holy
Night" (Adam); hymni?— "Joy to the World,"
"Hark, the Glad Sound." Evening— "See Now
the Altar" ¦ (Faure); "There Were Shepherds"
(Vincent); "Xazareth" (Gounod); hymns —
•'Hark, What Mean Those Holy Voices"
(Verdi); quartet, with ohllgato. "It Cunl«
Upon the Midnight Clear" (Sullivan); contralto
fo\o. soprano' obi Igato and quartet, "Hark,
Kark, My Soul" H. R. Shelley: soprano solo,
"The Star of Bethlehem" (Adams), Mrs. R. C.
Brocks. • ¦ • •
At the Tenth Avenue Baptist Church
Rev. C. M. Hill, pastor, the services will
be as follows:
At 11 a. m., theme, "Making Room for
Christ"; 7:30 p. m., the Christmas story In
Scripture and song, a responsive service be
tween pastor and choir; programme of special
Christmas music: Morning — Contralto solo.
"Tlie Birthday of tha King." Miss Florence
Ryder: soprano eolo and quartet, "Bethle
hem" (Bartlett); quartet. "O Jesus, Thou Art
Standing;" (Phej-hard). Evenlng-rBarytone solo,
'•Christmas" (Shelley), Mr. Suman; quartet,
with soprano obligate. Mrs. R. C. Brooks.
Morning service — Organ. "Allegro" (J. Wle
t-'ami); doxolOKy; anthem, "Sing, O Sing, -This
Blessed Morn" (Evanfi); hymn, "Joy to the
World": Scripture lesson: anthem, "Messiah Is
King" (Ashford); Invocation; "While the Shep
herds Watched Their Flocks" (Sterns), trio of
ladles' voices; hymn. "St. Agnes" ; offertory,
"A Christian Lullaby" (Carl Pflueger), quar
tet: sermon; anthem, "And There Were Shep
herds" (J. A. Parks); hymn. "Jesus Shall
Reign"; organ, "Marche Romaine"' (Gounod).
The following choir will render the music: So
prano— Mian Annie Moir, Miss May B. Cruff,
Mlf.8 Nettle I. Camp. Miss Lizzie Moir; alto-
Mrs. Woodslde, Mrs. Kate Hlcke; tenor—Chand
ler Vose, Herman Vockl, L. M: Fowler: bass-
Cheater McClaln, MlUord Brandsford. Miss
Iola O. Williams, organist. "
Following is the programme of the Pil
grim Congregational Church, Rev. R. C.
Brooks, 1 pastor:
Centennial Presbyterian Church. Rev. C.
R. Stone, pastor, will present the follow
ing:
Christmas Morn" (Marzo), violin obligato by
Mr. Stewart; barytone solo and chorus, "Naza
reth" (Gounod); chorus, "Hallelujah".(Beetho
ven). Soloists— Mrs. Carrie Brown Dexter, so
prano; Mrs. Grace Mor^e Dickman, .contralto;
Alg-ernon Aspland, tenor, and Clement Row
lands, bars. Chorus of fifty voices. Orchestra
of elpht pieces, with Alex Stewart, flrst violin.
Miss V. de Fremery, organist; C. P. Rowlands,
choirmaster.
."Hall, Thou Lonp-Expected Jesus." "Hall to
the Lord Anointed." Choir— O. II. Vesper, di
rector; Miss Ida Fording, organist : quartet-
Mrs. Minnie Kempke Henderson, soprano; Miss
Belle McCurrle, alio; B. T. Taylor, tenor; A. C.
P. Read, bass, and.chcrus of forty voices.
At the Union Street Presbyterian
Church, Rev. Dwipht E. Potter, the pas
tor, will conduct special Christmas service
for the Missionary Substitute Company.
There will be a praise service in the even
ing.*
The programme of the Eecond Congre
gational Church. Rev. J. W. Phillips, pas
tor, is as follows:
Organ prelude; Invocation; . hymn No. Si
responsive reading; Scripture lesson; anthem,
"Oh, How Excellent" (O. S. Grlnell): prayer:
hymn; offertory; sermon, subject. "Christmas
Joy"; anthem, "There Were Shepherds" (C.
II. Gabriel); notices; benediction.
Evening— Organ prelude; doxology: Invoca
tion: hymn: Scripture lesson: ambem, "The
Birth r.[ a Kin*" (W. L.. Sudds); prayer; »olo.
selected: notices: anthem, "Hark. "What Mean
Thoee Holy Voices" {.U W. Westoft); addres*.
"Music In the Eanetuary"; hymn. (Ortonvllle);
ofTertory; anthsm, "Hallelujah Chorus"; bene
diction. W. S. Jones, choir leader.
The First Unitarian Church, Rev. Ben
jamin Fay Mills, minister, has the follow
ing programme:
At 10:45 a. m. special Christmas service. Ser
mon by Mr. Mills on "The Religion of Jesus":
special music.
• Soprano boIo, "Christmas Morn," words by
Mr*. Margaret Cameron-Smith, set to music
by D. P. Hushes, will be sung by Mrs. Charles
Poalter.
ChrMmas anthem, "Arise, Shine," F. B.
Mnker.
Tenor solo by F. D. Hunter, from an un
finished oratorio by Mendelssohn called '•Christ
mas."
Soprano recitative. "Say, Where Is He Dorn.
the King of Judea?" etc.
Chorus, "There Shall Be a Star From." etc.
At 12:13. College of Religion and Ethics: Pro
fessor Lovejoy on Robert Browning: Mrs. Mills
on "What Emerson Thousht About Jesus": 7
p. m., Christrras concert In the church by the
Intermediate department; solos, choruses, reci
tations.
At the Church of St. Patrick, West Oak
land, high mass will be celebrated at 10:30
o'clock. On Christmas day there will be
masses each hour from 5 o'clock to 10:30
o'clock.
At the Church of the Immaculate Con
ception there will be masses on Christ
mas day from 5 until 10:30 o'clock; At the
WAITING FOR HE
LEADERS TO ACT
Political Fight Rests That
thePlanofBattlaMay
Be Formulated.
Tribune Charges Dalton and Lukena
With Deliberately Plotting to
Bolt Refjula 1 " Republican
City Organization.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway. Dec. 22.
The fierce factional fight in the RepuD
lican ranks in this city has reached a
waiting stage. Both sides are busy
enough underneath the surface, but the- 1 *
are two future events for which each Ia
preparing, and when these occur there
will be some clearing up of the situation.
The first Important move on the part of
the City Central Committee of twenty
eight will be the organization of that new
body next Friday night. The Pardea
wing Is standing still until I>r. Pardea
shall make known the names of the com
mittee of twenty-one he was 'authorlzad
at that faction's meeting last night to ap
point. That committee will have full
power to conduct negotiations or to make
any move It shall deem best in the inter
ests of the Pardee side.
According to the Pardee people, ana a*
declared In their otflciaJ organ, the En
quirer, the following are tne names or
the men who will lead that wing in it*
tight against the City Central Commit
tee's organization:
F. J. Wentworth. J. TyrrelJ. I* A. Teajrua,
C. Merwin, II. H. Kirby, F. 15. Larmer. Fran
ci* R. Musspr. George E. Randolph. J. T.
Francis. M. I*. Manning. W. J. Patterson. \V.
U Moody. W. A. Dow. E. XV. Emery. M. O.
ilcClain. J. H Henderson. W. I* Boldt. E.
J. Edward*. A. H. Breed. E. H. Lake, O. U
Knowles. R II. Welch, H. D. Hardy, F. I>.
DoIbe«T. Clarence Crowell. Jo»xn Kearo, J. 3.
Uurp«e. R. E. Revalk. O. J. Weleh. Jame«
V. Ford. H. S. Hempstead, H. S. Burns. \V .
H. Dtckason C. H Miller, Leslie Blackburn.
H. E. Keatborn, W. A. Donaldson. W. 9.
O'Brien. R. J. Sturgeon, Z. T. Gilpin, A. H.
Klllott. John Mitchell, G. R. Lukena. N. K.
Koater J. L.. McVey, A. I* Kannalort!. C.eorz&
R. Williams. L. I>. Inskwp. L. J. Hardy. U.
H. Pendleton, G. C. Pardee. E. C. Lufcen*.
C Chlchester, Andy Roach. Marie Thoma*. Dr.
T. W Hall. Charles Warner. Tom Robinson.
U. M. Cameron. Kenneth M. Ilayden.
The Tribune heads its report of the
meeting with, "Will Have a Party of
Their Uwn." It charges that the accu
sations of bribery by Henry P. Dalton
and G. R. Lukcns wfre "a pretext for
bolting the regular Republican organi
zation and creating a rump organization
absolutely under the control of Dalton."
The Tribune prints interviews with
nearly all of the appointed raemberi r>t
the new City Committee, and they Indi
cate that from twenty to twenty-four will
accept their appointment.
The name of W. R. Davis has been
mentioned for chairman of the new com
mittee. He has not yet decided whether
he will Join the committee. N. ». t>ouglaj
has declined appointment on the commit
tee, alleging lack of time to attend to tha
work of the campaign.
OAKLAND. Dec. 22.— The funeral ct
Brother Lascian. who died yeMerday \t
St. Mary's College, will take place from
that institution to-morrow morninc mi
9:39 o'clock. There win be a solemn h! gh
mass for the repose of the deceased edu
cator's soul. The pall-bearers will b« se
lected from among the brothers at th«
college. The lntermant •will be ia Bt.
Mary's Cemetery.
Brother Lascian's Funeral.
5 o'clock mass the children's choir will
sing "Adeste Fldelis" and other Christ
rras hymns. High mass will be celebrated
at 10:50 o'clock, when Mozart's twelfth
mass will be sung by a large choir. "Noel
will be rendered by G. L»amb and "Adeste
Fidelia" will b*» sung as the offertory.
Dr. Morrison will preach the sermon.
Miss LJzzte McNally, choir director of
St. Francis de Sales Church, will load th-.
children's singing at the 5 o'clock mass at
that church Christmas morning. At 10:.»
o'clock Rev. Thomas McSweeney will cel
ebrate high mass and preach the Christ
mas sermon. The other officiating clergy
men will be Rev. Father Cull, Rev. Father
Butler and Rev. Fath'-r Cranwcll.
At the Church of the Sacred Heart the
first mass will be c?lebrated at 6 o'clock
Christmas morning. Rev. Father Draught
will celebrate high mass at 10:30 o'clock,
with Father Serda as deacon. Father
Serda will preach the sermon. Miss Mary
Cuff has charge of the music.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 22.— Special services in
commemoration of the Christmas season
will be celebrated to-morrow In the First
Congregational Church. The regular
quartet, consisting of Mrs. C. A. Bradford,
Miss Ray Scott, Mrs. E. M. McCandllah
and Mrs. F. T. Palmer, will be assisted
by Mrs. M. W. Nlssen. Mis*s Mary 8.
Jackson. J. H. Harry, Dr. W. K. Scott
and Bert Scott. An elaborate praise ser
vice has been arranged.
At the Unitarian church services will
be held at 5 o'clock in the afternoon. The
California Quartet, constating of C. L.
Goettlng, Dr. R, W. Smith, C. L. Gage
and C. L. Parent Jr.. will render selec
tions, besides which individual members
¦will give solos.
The evening serving at the Chestnut
street Methodist Church South will be
conducted by the Epworth League. An
Interesting programme of Christmas mu
sic has been arranged.
The programme at the First Christian
Church will be as follows: Organ volun
tary. Miss Sarah Boyle: vocal soio. Miss
Mae Sadler: vocal solo. Mlsa Bakfr, with
violin obligato by Miss Blanche Speddy;
vocal duet. Mrs. Hathaway and Miss
Reed; vocal solo. Miss Florence Boyle.
Special morning and evening services
will be held at the First Presbyterian
Church and at the First Baptist Church.
BERKELEY WINS THE
INTEHSCHOOL DEBATE
Hooters Question Decision and Batter
Each Other Upon Adjourning
to the Sidewalk.
A LAM EDA. Dec. 22.— The Berkeley High
School debaters won the debate in com
petition with the Alameda High School
talkers last night at Armory Hall. The
question discussed was whether the Im
migration that has taken place in the
United States within the last ten years
has been productive of good or evil.
There was a large crowd present and the
rooters for both schools made Rome howl.
The affirmative of the question was taken
by Alameda, with J. O. White. Carlton
Baker and Hiss Elizabeth Kent as the de
baters. Bert Chaplin, Percy Girvin and
Owen Adams argued for the Berkeleyans,
¦who had the negative side.
After the rooters had filed from the hall
some words passed between tho factions
ac to the fairness of the decision rendered
by the judges — Superior Judge Hall. Sena
tor E. K. Taylor and P. W. Owen. Tho
debate on the sidewalk ended In a rush,
cut of which the participants came with
bruised beads and torn clothing.
Excellent line of Rockers at H. Schellhaas*.
correr Eleventh and Franklin sts.. Oakland. •
maintain free libraries and reading
rooms; to promote the establishment and
maintenance of boys' clubs and girls'
clubs; to promote the establishment and
maintenance of kindergarten schools, va
cation schools, public playgrounds and
public parks: to promote In any and all
ways the proper care, education and
training of the young, to the end that
they may become self-sustaining and in
telligent, useful members of society."
There are eleven directors, as follows:
Mrs. Robert Watt. Mrs. Rosa F. Roberts.
Mrs D. T. Fowles, Mrs. Lloyd Rawlings,
Mrs! Florence H. Miller, Miss J. P. Whea
ton Mrs H. Goodcell. Mrs. .Charles Km
erv Mrs. Clara Dixon, Mrs. James Tor
rev and Mrs. Jessie H. Evans. -It is un
derstood that Mrs. Watt will be the new
club's first president.
clare. Before they spring forth, I tell
you of them."
Rabbi Hecht in fervid language congrat
ulated the congregation of Temple
Emanu-El In beinff able to celebrate Its
eeml-centennlal and that It was a matter
of Joy that the celebration fell at the
same time as the observance of the Feast
of the Maccabees and the dawn of a new
century. >- ' ..
Rabbi Hecht said In part: One thou
sand Jubilant voices are sounding In tri
umph this celebration, in which many
thousands in the land Join. It is the fer
vent acknowledgment of that divine
mercy so eipnally manifested to you. Let
us give thanks to Him who has watched
over the raising up of this congregation,
who has prospered your work and permit
ted you to see the fulfillment of the labor
begrun fifty years ago. Not all who stood
at the cradle of Emanu-El are here to re
joice in this festival, for many of them
have fallen by the wayside. A small num
ber of the founders of the congregation
still live, the great majority have paid
the debt of nature. But they live In and
through this noble work which shall pro
claim for all time that they did not labor
in vain. Stirred by their " example, the
young and strong now In your midst are
keeping up the noble ¦work. "When th© old
tollers grow weary, they can resign the
labor with confidence, for they know that
the young and strong will carry on the
toll. They have passed away with a smile
of happy "contentment and may they reet
In peace. May God bless all the nobls
men and women who have carried on the
heritage of the founders of Emanu-El.
To me has been assigned the beautiful
task of ministering: at this altar, a task
of which a genius might well feel proud."
Rabbi Hecht then traced the history of
Judaism, how it had gone through vari
ous stages until it stood to-day on the
broad, plane of reform.
"It were Indeed strange," said the rabbi.
"If religion did not make ready to ad
vance when the political and social world
was preparing for improvement. The
history of. Israel is the history of th»
world, and on a smaller scale the history
of Emanu-El 13 the history of Israel.
From a strict orthodoxy this congregation
has gone through a period of evolution
until to-day It If allied with science and
humanitv. Modern Judaism, has re
kindled the enthusiasm In the hearts or
the fons and daughters of Israel; moG'
ern Judaism is the Elijah which has re
vived the dying belief. The mission of
modern Judaism Is not yet ended. It ha»
to establish harmony between faith and
knowledpe: between God and man; be
tween the past and tho future and be
tween dogma and reform. Ours Is to
make Judaism the religion of the future.
The new century will see better things
in religion. I do not plead for a new re»
ligion. but for a better understanding ot
the true worth of religion. I want to de
clare war on hypocrisy In the name of re
ligion., war on self, war on selfishness and
on vanity. I plead to declare war on that
cringing which undermines manhood and
dwarfs dignity."
Tho eloquent speaker closed his address
with an invocation to God to bless tho
congregation, and the services ended with
the benediction pronounced by Rabbi
Vooiranger.
I The services to-day will begin at 2 p. m.
promptly.
TARANTULA BITE VEBY
NEARLY CAUSES DEATH
Thumb, Blackened by Blood Poison
ing, Amputated to Save Life
of B. Lapse.
BERKELEY, Dec. 2-'.— In order to save
his life from the effects of a tarantula
bite B. LJnse of Boulder Creek had. the
thumb of his right hand amputated to
day. The flesh of the thumb and far
back on the wrist wss cut away.
Lipse was suffering fearfully from blood
poisoning: when he camo, here for medical
treatment. His thumb was black and his
arm swollen to the shoulder. Prompt use
Evening service — Chorus, "Sins. O Heavens"
(Tours); barytone solo, "The Star Of Bethle
hem" (Adams); chorus, "O Sing to God" (Gou
nod); contralto solo, "Hear Ye" (Beavan); cho
rus. "Christmas" (Shelley); tenor eolo and cho
rus, "Noel" (Adam); soprano solo, "HaU
The programme at the First Methodist
Church Rev. E. R. Dille. pastor; Rev.
Paul M. Spencer, assistant pastor, Is as
follows: • . v
Organ voluntary; hj-mn No. 935,' "Watch
man. Tell Us of the Night"; prayer; Scripture
rrauing. reFpdnslve; offertory; address, "Re-
Hs>ou? Progress of the Century." pastor; can
tata. "The- Word Made Flrsh"; quartet — Mrs.
Mnii'.e Melvin Dewlns, soprano; Mi«s Mabel -H.
Uiay. contralto;' W. W, n.ivls, tenor; J. m.
Ruljinpon. bah»; iis^i.sted by Mra lidith Xor
mun Klock. Fonrano: Mrs. S. A. Wasley, con
tralto; Walter Keenc. bass; J. M. Robinson,
chorister. antJ Mrs. George F. Wastell, organ
ist.
Rev. Samuel B. McCormlck. D.D., of
Iowa will preach the Christmas sermons
at the First Presbyter.an Church. The
programmes are as follows:
Morning service— Music for this service taken
from Handel's "Messiah," consisting of four
I>eo" (Sunivan). in r>; introit hymn, "Hark,
the Herald Angels," No. &>; sermon by the rec
tor; offertory anthem. "Alleluia, Allelulla"
(Stainer); "Sursum Corda," "Sanctus,". "Ag
nus Del." "Gloria in ExcelsiE." "Nunc Dira-
Htis" (Kinp Hall); recrasional. "Shout the Glad
Tidlnirs," Xo. 63; organ poetlude In E flat (Ba
tiste). Children's Christmas festival Wednes
day evening, December 26. at 7:30 o'clock.
The programme at the First English-Lu
theran Church, P.ev. William Kelly, pas
tor. Is as follows:
"To Deum" in F (Kotschmar); "And There
TV*rt Bh*pherrta" (Paike>: "Glory to God in the
HiKhctf (Vmlerhill); "Shout the Glad Tid
iiifrs" (Avlson); contralto colo, "The Lord Is
My Efieptterdv tUenh'ett), Mrs. B'.ake-Alverson;
duet, "Wake Up My Glory" (Millett), Mrs.
Alverson and Ulsa Klsle May Hunt; ChrlBtma*
hymns— "J-Iark! What Menn Thoee Holy
Voices!" "Hark: Hark! the Notes of Joy,"
"Come Hither, Ye Faithful." "Calm
en the L'.st'ninx Ear of Xlght." - "Angels
From the Itealnr.s of Glory"; organ numbers —
"PllgTlm'B Chorus" (Wagner). "And the Glory
of the Lrfjrd" (Haydn). "March of the Priests"
(Mendelssohn), andante in G (Batista); mem
bers of the choir— soprano*. Mnbel B. Shaw,
Elsie May Hunt, Mrs. M. J. Case; alto. Mrs.
Blake- Alverson ; tenor, H. A.' Crandell; bass,
George A. Flick, John C. .Walling-.
Elaborate Programmes Arranged for the Celebration of the Great Christian Festival Day— Magnificent Will Be
the Music That Will Be Heard in the Various Houses of Worship.
BOND OF SNOW
AS AUDITOR GONE
City Officials Testify to Re
ceiving and- Filing the
Paper.
Original Pleadings in the Cas? Have
Also Disappeared
From the Custody of
the Court.
When St developed that the oriBinal
complaint and answer could rot be found
Judpt* Hall suggested that a copy of the
y>!esdinps be substituted, ¦which was ac
cordingly agreed to by counsel for both
The search for the missing bond then
bcjran. Mayor Snow said he had given
the ;iarer to the Mayor, \V. R. Thomas.
Mr. Thomas vtas called and said he had
plven it to the City Cleric City Clerk
Vow said Clerk Tompkins was out of
town and would not return until January
7. Adjournment was accordingly taken
until that date.
The first suit was for *G0S 72 and is now
awaiting the court's decision. The second
ore is lor ilsGS 22. • ,
The suit under consideration Is the sec
ond of the fame kind brought by the city
to recover alleged Illegally retxJned fees
by Snow during his term as City Auditor.
No progress can he made in the trial of
the dry's suit against Mayor Snow as ex-
City Auditor until City Clerk Tompkln-.i
returns frcm his vacation to be questioned
about the missing J10.QQ0 bond furnished
by Shot;- ar.d mysteriously removed from
the City OJrrk's oCice. By a singular co
incidence the original court pa.pers in the
case were also missing when court con
vened to-<Say.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1I1S Broadway. Dec. 22.
CHRISTMAS SONGS IN CHURCHES OF THE CITY OF OAKS
istews
or the
BAY CST1CS.
ALAMEDA NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES BERKELEY
j N£W5
OP-TMC:
B^/ CITIES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1 900.
A well filled cupboard Is the best board
of health. BBHBHB6I&
Hospital Patient* "Not Forsrotten.
, The members of the California Club paid
yesterday a visit to the City and County
Hospital and with dainty delicacies and
an impromptu eoncert attempted to make
the '450 patients'^ lives '-, brighter <with the
thought t that they were not f orsrotten at
this merry Christmas - tide. : The pro
gTammewas under the direction of Mrs
¦yW'P. Buckingham,- and tome very clever
Instrumental :. and vocal selections ¦ were
rendered by amateur, talent.' ,
The average length of a career In Con
gress Is four years. At the beginning of
every Congress about one-third of th»
members of the House are new • to the
business. It Is a rare thing for a.mem
ber to make any sort of a mark In legis
lation before he has been In tha House
at least two full terms, and those who
have forced themselves above the surface
before the dose of a 1 single term can al
most be counted . on tho fingers of one
hand. The ordinary Congressman comes
and goes and leaves no trace behind him,
except on the salary vouchers. The man
who stays in the House fox more than
two terms has a fair chance of wielding
a little Influence. He gets his name Into
the Congressional Record once in a while;
he Is recognized by the Speaker occasion
ally; and If he Is - unusually hicky .th©
newspapers take him 'op and . sometimes
give him a, headline all- to himself.— Ain-
Congressional Careers.
Mrs. Magdalen ' Heizman. a v/Idow. 59
years old, residing at 310 Pell street, was
found dead In bed yesterday morning, as
phyxiated. The gas was turned on. Her
brother, John X. Romer, detected the odor
of gas and, opening her room door, found
her dead.
Mrs, Heizman was living with her mar
rled' ¦ cf^ughter, Mrs. Lottie Strlppel, and
her son-in-law: They say that Mrs. Hels
man retired on Friday night In good
health and spirits," and that they found no
note or any. other, Indication that she In
tended to* commit -suicide. The gas fix
tures were ; in ffood ' order.
John Heizman, the husband, was a jew
eler, and had his place of business at the
corner .of Commeref.il and Sansomri
streets. On , July 21, 1896. he committed
suicide by swallowing nitric acid. About
a month ago Mrs.' Heizman's son died, and
the shock affected her very much.
Coroner Cole held an Inquest yesterday,
and the . jury . gave the - dead woman the
benefit of: the doubt and returned a ver
dict of accidental death. . •
BEAD IN BED WITH
?'.' THE. GAS TURNED ON
This is'tho day "of specializing, and the
last note .of '.specialization In Journalism
takes the form of a Journal, for the'Sea
sick, 1 soys ' a London newspaper." Natur
ally enough; ¦ It ' wae a Parisian ' who 'con
ceived this sprightly Idea, • which has for
its main purpose to discover a epeclflo for
seasickness. - All the travelers of the uni
verse are Invited to write all 'they, know
26
f 715 Market BL ST. I Shattack Ay.Berkelej^
ifrth A Waa-h'o-Oak Central Ave,AUmedjii
f 7th &• TTcod. Oak. | £8 8. 1st St. . Sun Jose, f
A SI? \Ta8hiagton Street. OakUad. i
Smyrna Figs 501
A California crown. In fancy
r i>aand packs^ns. Begul&r 10c. '
fPetaluma Ranch Eggs '
m Gtaj-ajrteod strictly ¦ J'__i
\ fresh. Extr»«electid. dOZen 35C 1
jNew Sugar Corn '
T ' Polld packed. 9
1 Katxirtl s-wectaejw. 3 Cans 2^Cj
5 rSate! 0 " dozen 95c
AMorrelPs Eureka Hams
ip°r^o? rf TSun 6 . pound ni^c
tender meat. Bsmllilze.
Sugar cured. Lean.
1 Imported Champagnes
I ' brta«&, # pints $1.35
<' quarts 2.50
< Eclipse Champagne
A Tue pric» brlsn It -.J-,4.^ .
\ dotra to orfilrary pintS 35c
\ OaJyf*riaor« ClOZen ?4.IO
a enjoyable for your Christmas dinner.
4 St. Lawrence Tonic Port
\ It's goofl for wh*t __ 11 __ c.~
0 a^yoBT Keg. fLOO. gallon OOC
#Old Crow Whiskey
fS™i. bottle 95c
A Guaranteed geauiu*. Eeynlar ti.es.
Wine gallon 6oc
\ Lou Cerrttos VJaeyaTO. Selection
m f rent wlrmte ftock— Tf ry Wd— {
\ Biaoota— «rtra<Sry. . B«g. |L00. f -
\"Reisllng Wine gallon 45c'
f OcarJaUbrlgM. ftopeHir I
\\ Q-jJiliiy. Bm&alMTtOo. Z I
/jjiiF OUR FAMOUS $30 JAGKETsTf
*PrP One of the finest medium priced garments' |
fojS $t\br w e have ever manufactured— made of the |
~ ;:' best electric seal and in the very newest B|
« .jj&lfyjKg?*. styles— electric seal look; and < wears like %
jj sealskin and is very popular this season — |
% ¦^?>OT*lwS'A jackets are 22 inches lon^r. elegantly lined |^
& '^^tLj^^Sa^^t^&v. with rich brown satin — without doubt the SJ
/iT^iafei^s^^wS^i^ strongest value of the Licbes store j
JkS rrerag^*K$|K»ydPS r Another jacket similar to above of near t
ife'^Bl TLECfBIC SEAL * 00 * 0 ° " C1 I
is the most popular wrap in the store to- >a^^wii&5^^^'^* > fa
* day— the voke is of astrakhan, prettily trim- «^^^K^*N.v r '." s ft*
; med with two heads and four tails, and Jn Esli&SsSSi' \
jj beautifully lined with rich, heavy satin — as jW -^i \ rj
I • tabs and v xht tails i^v? m
I LfflS —lined with heavy /i^T d
U satin and cut in the /v^ %\
h .gf||*|pl^?^.j —exceptionally appropriate for San Francisco?!
H 4£$^m^i^'i£»* wear an( * onc °* l^ C k'" St 0Ut P" ts °f t i? e L*€be*s
I tll^^if \ lOe S^^ E FOX SCARFS - I
Ij . v elegant Christma3 (^jt^ffl^^^ P
m present to an intimate acquaintance V v?t£ Wf*. **& ftf
m Similar to above of red* fox. . . .JJ8.5O "I^Tw N^^ \ ft
U Similar to above of blue fox.. 9S.OO fflKwwr W V P
gS We are the world's headquarters for stal- **^Y^Iv»$ ' / /' H
Eg skin garnunti and high-graU furs of rcirj W^Pv'v'^ S S H
RJ kind; quality, ilylt and xcorkntdnship ion- <S^3J-W^*^ -3
M sidered, you zcill find our prices on the bsttsr .^iZ^vW' BEjr-'-i
fig gar mints to b: from 25 ta 40 per cent tstcro : •¦'ra^vy^
i| those asked by any reliable fur home in th$ ¦ .*
jM . \J *ttimd 3 d .CSt C^iV Jp * \v^ X\. *^^y fSm
I MXiei»es & Co.Ii\g Tl
\ ¦} laatlgf Post S%.jAx&r*nc%/co. |Christnuis Wasp, masnlflcently illus
trated. Send to Eastern friends. On sale
everywhere.
a past matron of Columbus Chapter > of
Sacramento, O. E. S., starts out under
very flattering prospects to make her
term a very successful one.
The Odd Fellows.
On the night cf the 13th inst. Brigadier
General H. O.'Brower, P. M., and J. 8.
Nalsmith of his staff visited Mount Moriah
Encampment at Vallejo, when two candi
dates had the royal 'purple degree con
ferred upon them. Under good of the or
der the visitors discussed the advisability
of organizing a canton of the Patriarchs
Militant In that city. From the enthusi
asm displayed It Is likely that as a reeult
of that visit a canton will shortly b«
mustered . in . at that place. .
Golden Gate Encampment No. 1 will
celebrate its forty-eighth anniversary on
the Hh of next February, and a commit
tee has already been appointed to make
arrangements for the event. Four candi
dates were initiated last night. The pres
ent term of this encampment has been a
very successful cne. It has been marked
by dtgrtts conferred at each mwting.
The Association fyf Past Noble Grands,
which was recently organized, has elected
as its officers lor the first term: R. 11.
Llcyd of Yerba Buena Lodge, president;
F. L. Turpin of Pacific, vice president;
John Edwards of Unity, C.
Benedict of California, treasurer; X. M.
Pctersen of,. Fidelity. H. H. Dobbin of
Abou Ben Adhem and J. \V. Harris of
Alia, finance committee. The new organ
ization will meet on the second Friday of
March, June, Ssptamber and December of
erch year. It is proposed to conduct this
body on the lires that the Masonic past
masters and the past masters of the A. O.
U. W. conduct their business.
Last Monday njght the grand master
was a visitor to the lodge in San Rafael,
where he Was well received and a very
pleasant evening was spent. Last
\ 'ednesday night he visited Templar
Lodge in this city, and on Thursday night
he was officially with Pacific Lodge.
The K*bekahs.
Jubilee Lodge of the Rebekahs gave a
very pleasing entertainment in the as
sembly hall of the Odd Fellows' building
on the night of the ISth inst. which, in
addition to an interesting address by W.
H. Barnes, P. G. N.. consisted of music
and selections presented by Miss Mabel
ffelfer. Professor and Mrs. Hervey, F.
Cook Caidwtll, M. Gallergar, Miss Jean
ette Howell, J. M. Keane, the Keystone
quartet, G. Orr and the Professor Hoover
class in pantomime. This was followed
by a good programme of dances that was
greatiy enjoyed by all.
Ihe entertainment and dance by Ori
ental Rebekah Lodge last Wednesday
night was. despite the many attractions
in the stores that occupied the attention
of mar.y on Christmas presents bent, well
attended. There were on the programme
of music and songs the names of Messrs.
Dupay and Callendtr, M. Keane and Miss
Vera Smith, with an announcement that
M. Keane, the celebrated palmist, would
read the lines of many of the spectators
ts they appeared on the palms.
Lebanon Lodge of Stockton, which ha3
already done a great deal for the Or
phans' Home at Giiroy. donated to it la^t
week as a Christmas gift a. tine book
case for the library. It has been suggest
ed that the members of the different Re
bekah lodges overhaul their books at
their respective homes, select these they
have no further use for and contribute
them to the orphans' library. It is
thought that in this way a good and use
ful Horary can be got up.
Oriental Lodge will install Its officers
January 2. -
United Order of Druids.
On the night of the Uth inst.. through
the instrumentality of Supreme Herald
James F. Martinoni, there were presented
to Hartnagle Chapter, the higher branch
of the order, sixteen candidates for initia
tion into that degree. This officer has ex
pressed a determination to add to the
membership of the chapter and has maile
a good start in that direction. After the
initiation there was an adjournment to
the banquet hall, where there was a col
lation In celebration of the twenty-tlftn
anniversary of the institution . of the
chapter. There were ' congratulatory
speeches by H. J. Goller.'J. F. Martlnoni.
J. Hutton. Henry A. Chase. E. C. Stock,
G. Ferrari and several others. All prom
ised to work in their rroves for the ex
tension cf the chapter.
Slgel Grove at Its last meeting for the
first time In many years had an initiation
and more candidates ¦were promised.
Galileo Grove elected four candidates
at its last held meeting. The second am
plified degree team of this grove will go
to Oakland January / td confer the de
grees for a large class of candidates for
Roma Grove.
Grand Secretary Graves went to Salinas
last Tuesday to Instruct the grove there
In the degree work. On Thursday he wa3
joined by Supreme Herald Martincni. who
assisted in conferring the degrees on a
class of twenty candidates. After the
ceremonies there was a banquet and
among the speakers were- Thomas Reri
son. Mayor of Salinas: Supreme Herald
Martlnoni, Grand Secretary Graves. Dis
trict Deputy J. Schroaer.
El Dorado Circle had two Initiations at
Its last held meeting. This circle will
have a Christmas tree tarty In Washing
ton Square Hall on the night of the 27th
Inst. ¦ ¦ - ¦ - ¦,
Improved Order of Bed Men.
Last Wednesday. Yosemlte Tribe of ths
Improved Order of Red Men had a Jolli
fication night in. the banquet hall of the
Post-street Wigwam. There were pres
ent 110 members of the tribe and Invited
guests. A notable feature was the de
parture from the time honored feast of
corn and venison and In *>lace thereof
there was a feast of tamales, frijoles, en
chilado. "Chile con carne and other fire
spiced dishes served up with tobasco
sauce, chili peppers, pimentos chlquitas
and tortillas. There was also pulque and
other soothing liquids to remove the pun
gent after taste. Tnen there were long
pipes, short pipes and cigars. Emilio
i>astreto as toastmaster of the evening
wielded the silver tomahawk and Imposed
silence I when' there was a call for long
and short talks. There were long talk*
by C. J. Granz, chairman of the evening;
Great Sachem F. D. Brandon, Judge G.
H. Cabaniss. J. H. Jordan S. Goldman
Senior Sagamore James Boyes and T.
Roche; recitations by Murdoch Campbell
piano solo by T. W. B. Swan, stories by
B. Barnett and E. C. Stock and short
talks by many of those present. Those
who occupied places at the table of honor
were: Chairman Granz. Great Sachem
Brandon. Great Senior Sagamore Boyes
Great Keeper of Wampum Smith. Judges
Cabaniss and Moeran. L. Samuels, Henry
A. Chase, P. G. ST. J. H. Jordan. E. Las
treto. F. Gray. Dr. J. J. Keefe. George H
Stein and J. H. Hutaff. This affair, one
of the most enjoyable ever engineered by
a committee of Red Men. was In charge
of William Goldman. Samuel Goldman.
Peter Christiansen, P. E. Godeau, J H
Ohlandt. George Destupue. George Eln
berger and John A. Haiden.
Great Sachem Brandon will on the 1st
of January visit the tribe at Oak Grove
and then will call in on Tehama Council
at the same place. He will then pay of
ficial visits to the local tribes.
The tribes: in this Jurisdiction that have
passed the 200 mark are: Altahmos. Mon
tezuma. Modoc. Iroquois and Red Jacket
Four other tribes have each a member
ship in excess of 130..
Th© Native Sons.
The semi-annual reports from the vari
ous parlors that are now being received
by Grand Secretary Lunstedt indicate
prosperity, numerically and financially
Henry W. Little. D. D. G. P., has se
cured forty signatures to a petition for" a
charter for a new parlor to be instituted
in Uklah within a fortnight.
The officers of Berkeley Council will be
installed in public on the 9th of next Jan
uaiy. '• " ' •'- , •-•--,:¦
Grand Organizer Frank Mat tlson. P Q
1*.,. has ~ returned -from an official trip to
Placer County. •¦
, Grand Orator R. H. , McNoble, recently
very ill. is reported out of. danger and
his . friends look for rapid recovery to
normal health. -OTWjHMjftgS
Our Native Daughter*.
On the night of the 14th inst: Mrs. Ema
Gett, grand president of the ¦ Native
Daughters of the Golden West, was the
guest of a' number: of prominent members
of the order at one of the prominent rotls-"
series . of this city. There were- present
Past Grand Presidents Mrs. Mary E. Tlll
man. r Belle W. Conrad and Lena H. Mills;
Elisa D. Keith. Agnes Lunstedt. Mrs. A
D. Coddington, Lena B. Mills, Sara Oster
man. Margaret Kapp, Lizzie McKay, An
nie Myers and Minnie Gunzendorfer. Sev
eral of these ladles "contributed vocal and
Instrumental solos during the evening and
there was also a mandolin quartet. Sev-
eral of the ladles in addition to the guests
of honor responded to sentiments pro
posed.
Last Tuesday Mrs. Gett was the guest
of honor at the California Club. During
the evening of that day Mrs. Gett of
ficially visited Calaveras, the beauty par
lor of this city. There was present a
large attendance and among the prom
inent members of the order were Mra-
Tillman and Mrs? Conrad, past grand
presidents; Miss Lizzie Douglass, past
grand treasurer; Julia A. Steinbach. D.
D. G. P.; Mrs. Grief. Sara Osterman.
Lucle E. Hammersmith,- Lizzie McKay.
Mrs. H. W. Fraser and Mrs. E. W.
French, organizer of the parlor. ..The ex
emplification of the Initiatory work by
this parlor was the acme of perfection
and was so voted, not only by tba grand
officer but by all present. During the
evening the parlor presented to the visit
ing official a souvenir of the occasion, a
silver cake knife. After a number of
pleasant addresses for the- good of the- or
der, an ice cream collation was served
and all went away with .most pleasant
recollections of the visit to the beau.y
parlor. •-: y '
Last Monday night the members of
Darina, the parlor of beautiful Elris of
the Western Addition, were the special
guests of King Solomon Lodge of the F.
and A. M. at the public installation In
Franklin Hall.
A new parlor will soon be organized In
Berkeley.
The grand president visited Yosemite
Parlor last Thursday night and during
the evening was presented a beautiful
piece of cut glass ware.
Some time In March next the grand
president will pay an official visit to Sans
Souci ParJ or.
Mrs. Lizzie Buzzell Gutin, who was bore
September 9. 1S45. the first white child
born In the city of Stockton, will b«> ini
tiated into Crockett Parlor at its next
meeting.
The lollowlns: named were visitors at
the office of acting Grand Secretary Sara
Osterman last week: Amanda Hemiaerly.
grand marshal; Hettie Westerfeld and
Mrs. Munson of Sans Soucl. Mrs. McCor
mack and Miss Pegullln of Las Vespero
Parlor. M!s3 Baily of l>arina Parlor. Miss
L. Vhstlg of Golden State Parlor, Jennie
E. Brown of Piedmont Parlor. Gladys
Bouton cf Sutter Creek. Mary Meyers of
Alta Parlor; Josephine Coddlngton, A. G.
H. B.. of Orinda Parlor, and Mrs. Ema
Gett. grand president.
Last Tuesday night Golden Staie Par
lor had Its Christmas tree for the children
of members and friend* and there was a
larger attendance than there has ever
been In the banquet nail of tho Native
Sons' building, where that subordinate
has held previous festivals. Johanna
Meyer was Santa Claus and she made
hundreds of little ones happy. After Iho
prizes there 'was snowballing and a
dance.
Occident Parlor of Eureka at Its last
held meeting initiated two candidates, and
after close of busiress had a progressive
euchre p?rtv. The winners were Mrs. E.
C. Cooper. Mrs. R. Holmes and Mrs. H.
W. Wandersforde.
Amapola Parlor of Sinter Creek Is ar
ranging for a Christmas eve entertain
ment .ind ball. There will be a fancy
drill by members of the parlor under the
captaincy of Miss Ida B. Herman. This
parlor gave Hiss Laura J. Frakes. the
grand secretary, a cordial welcome on her
return to her 'home, where she Is spending
the holiday season. After the clo«e of the
parlor, which M'ss Frakes attended, she
was the honored guest at a Spanish ban
quet grot up as a mark of the. esteem In
which she Is held.
James A. Garfield Corps.
James A. Garfield Relief Corps No. 21,
W. R. C. of the Department of California
and Nevada, will have a Christmas gift
party in the social hall of the I Alcazar
building: on the night of the 27th Inst.. In
aid of the fund that It maintains for the
relief of the old soldiers of the war of
the rebellion and their families who are
in need. This is an appeal to all who ap
preciate, the services of those who. In the
long ago. fought for the preservation of
Stockton Elks.
The members of Stockton Lodge of Elks
had a big time at their social session
last Tuesday night. The beautiful work
of the order was exemplified by the ofii
cers for the benefit of visiting Elks, by
the initiation of a candidate. After the
ceremony the doors were thrown wide
open and Judge C. N. Fox of Sacramento
was Installed as master of ceremonies.
He made it lively for the members of the
lodge who were constantly ordered to de
posit fines in the charity box for not hav
ing done what they ought to have done,"
and fcr doing that which they ought not
to have done. There was a most enjoy
able programme at «ntertainment and
merriment for all. Thlrtv visitors en-
Joyed the hospitality of the lodge.
The National Union.
Last Tuesday night California Council
of the National Union had a Christmas
tree entertainment In Pioneer Hall for
members of the council and their families
only. The hall, decorated with patriotic
emblems and having an Immense Christ
mas tree in one corner, was crowded to
Its limit, as was also the gallery. There
¦was a short programme of music and
fancy dancing, after which the "Park
Band" led the march of the children to
receive from Err.il Kahn. who acted as
Santa Claus. a giftfrom his Immense retl*
cule. Each child, on entering the hall,
was presented with a small American
flag, which added much to the patriotic
spirit of the evening. The whole affair
was well gotten up and was one of the
very pleasant fraternal Christmas enter
tainments of the season. Those who
helped to make the programme an enjoy,
able one were: Miss Ruth Williams. Miss
Clarice Graves. Ethel Dlxon. Clarence
Brown. Lottie Vincent and Mrs. Sadie
Marcus. The "Park Band" was a great
musicai travesty that created much mer
riment.
Pacific Council at Its last meeting initi
ated seven candidates.
? "Watch Party.
The members of. California Council No.
1 and Martha. Washington Council No.*-!,"
Daughters of Liberty, will give a watch
party in the Ehlela building on the night
of the 31st. AX the next meeting of Cali
fornia Council the one hundred and forty
gixtb member win. b« Initiated. -
>-r~ — —-if HE lnetallaUon of the officers
of Mission Chapter. O. E. S.,
([ \ in Mission Masonic Hall on
(v I ; the night of the 1st inst.. was
\^— 1-7 one of tne most delightful
' e-vents of the Installation sea
son in this order. It was for
members only, but was witnessed by more
than two hundred. The installing officer
wa» the retiring matron. Mrs. Alice Fran
ces Hickie, assisted by Annie Irean Simp
son as marshal. The installing officer
performed her work with that perfectness
which marked her close following of the
ritual during her most successful term
and added another leaf to the crown of
fraternal laurels she so deservedly earned
while she was an officer. The new officers
axe: Hattle A. McPhan. W. M.; Alexan
der Mlddleton Cox. P.: Sarah Ann Cox,
A. M.; Mary Garton * Foster. S. ; Sarah
Maria Flack. T.; Elizabeth Jane Chris
tenson. C; Dr. Louise Bacon Deal. A. C:
William Chase Ordwa>. C: Lottie Jane
Reiss. M.; Dunice Janes. A.; Grace Stat
ham. R.; Fannie Varina Marsh. E.; Grace
Hillman, M.; Minnie Margaret Ratto, K.;
Hester Bell Oliver, W.; James Edward
Parcielee. Sent; Hattie Fisher Christen
son, organist. After the ceremony the
retiring matron, whose work of the even
ing and of the year was commended, and
deservedly so, in as strong a manner ai
It is possible to speak in kindness of one
who has conscientiously done her duty,
was presented, on behalf of the chapter,
with one of the most beautiful jewels of
the rank of a past matron that has ever
been given to one going out of office with
that rank. Mrs. Hickie was aiso pre
sented by her personal friends with a
magnificent old silver berry dish and
many bouquets. A pair of cuffs, diamond
set. were presentea to George Daniel
Flack, the retiring patron, after wnich
the retiring matron, desiring to show her
appreciation of the work done by those
who represented the rive points of the
central star, presented each a new style
purse, silver mounted ana appropriately
inscribed. The music during tho cere
mony was contributed by Miss Marie Par
tridge, J. F. Fleming, Grace Savage and
Dr. VV. E. Smith.
There was a very pretty Installation In
private of the officers of Beulah Chapter
in South San Francisco on the 10th inst.
when the following named were Inducted
into office by Past Grand Patron. George
L. Darting, assisted d>- Past Matron Mrs.
Maggie May McDonald ac marshal. The
officers are: Fannie Ayers, M.; John-S.
Partridge. P.; Helen Seaman. A. M.:
Mary Jane Todd. &; Rose Kiepert. T.:
Anna Smale. C. ; Mary E. Donoho, A. C:
John William Baraille. Chap.; Xelli*«
Richardson Brown, Mar.; Ernestine
BIrbie, A.; Emma Rahiman, R.; Phebe
May Mangels. E.; Masrgie May McDonald,
M. ; Elizabeth Shaw. El.; Julia Williams,
W. ; Joseph T. Hare, sient. The hall was
crowded with visitors from the majority
of the local chapters and all were well
pleased with the perfectness of the cere
monial work and the vocal selections ren
dered by Mrs. Nellie A. Darling as prin
cipal vocalist. A handsome jewel was
presented to Mrs. Kate Barreilles. the
retlrin? matron; a past patron's jewel to
John W. Baraille, the retiring patron, a
gold-mounted. fountain pen to the install
ing offitera and a Bohemian loving cup to
Mrs. Darling. There were short addresses
by .a number of the visitors, after which
all enjoyed the hospitality of the chapter
at a bountiful collation. Thfs chapter;
though distant from the central portion
of the city. Is as enthiislastic in the goo-i
work of the order as the more pretentious
ones. *
On the night of the 11th inst.
the officers of Ivy Chapter were
obligated at a public installation in
Golden Gate Hall in the presence
of a large number of members of the
order and friends of the membership of
the chapter. As usual in this chapter, mere
was a. great deal of attention paid to the
Internal arrangement of the hall in the
way of decorations. The five points of
the star were attired In white Grecian
robes. The installing officer was the out
going patron. Roy Thurston Kimball, as
sisted by Abble Alma Salsbury as mar
shal. The new officers are: Harr'et
Teresa Noah. JL; Charles Lord Field, B.;
Mrs. Charlotte Tisdale, A. M.: Eva
D-'Ancona Salsbury. S.; Carrie Augusta
Anthony, T. ; Minnie F. Wall's. C: Mary
Louise Redd'ck, A. C; Samuel Charles
Wallis. Chap.: Clara Abbott Glberson. P.
W. M.. Mar.; Miss M. L. Powell. A.; Mrs.
E. B. Grace, R.; Mrs. Oscar Hickie. E. ;
Miss Ivy Madeline Perkins, M.; Mrs.
Henry Whiting. E.; Mrs. Albert Wapple.
W., and Jane Rodecker, Sent. The vocal
music was by Miss Millie Flynn, Mrs.
Henry Morgan Owens. Florence Helen
Perkins. C. Hughes and Colonel Sam D.
Mayer, th« latter presiding at the organ.
Mrs. Frances Lenorv Bonifield, retiring
matron, was the recipient of one of the
richest diamond set jewels that has been
presented in many years, the presentation
being In high praise of the good work
the lady did during the yeir. Roy T.
Kimball was presented a rich jewel of the
rank of past patron, and he In turn pre
sented to etch of the five points of the
star. In recognition of work during^ the
term, a pretty breastpin of gold. There
were many dignitaries of the order pres
ent,'but none were called upon, as a dance
had been arranged, and It was announced
that it had been decided to have an even-
Ing of "Ises speeches and more dancing."
-On the night of the 13th inst.
there was a large audience In the
chapter room of Golden Gate Hall
to witness the .Installation of the of
ficers of Harmony Chapter by Anna Ma
rie Johnson, P. W. M., assisted by Emma
Carter, the retiring matron as marshal.
The officers for the current year are:
Margaret Krlton. W. M.; Robert X. Car
son. W. P.: Mary E. Klein. A. M.; Eva
May Hare, S.; Annie M. Johnson, T.;
Henrietta W. McLagan, C; Virginia L.
Lewis, A. C; Ella M. Rohlffs. A.; Emma
C. Krone. R.: May F. Carter. E.; Minnie
A. Craig. M.; Elizabeth V. Gould, El ¦
Nellie A. Carson. W.: "Walter A. Rawlins,
Sent.: John C. Kimball, Chap.; Emma Car
ter, Mar.; Alice E. Severance, O. After
the ceremony by Mrs. Johnson, in a man
ner that won the admiration of the large
number of persons present, she, having
been elected treasurer, and Mrs. Emma
Carter appointed marshal, were Installed
by the new matron, Mrs. Kelton. Judge
Frank H. Kerrigan, In a speech eloquent
In the extreme, presented, on behalf of
the chapter, to Mrs. Carter, the retiring
matron, a beautiful gold jewel of the order
set with diamonds. Tte retiring pat
ron, J. C. Kimball. was also presented a
badge of the order, and M. J. Savage
who, during the evening, acted as chnp
lain, on behalf of the chapter presented to
Mrs. Nellie A. Darling a handsome cut
glass berry bowl In appreciation of" her
many services to the chapter In th" pa«t I
Judge Korrlgan. in making the presenta
tion to Mrs. Carter, alluded in beautiful
language to her fortitude, good Judgment
and executive ability In severe trials dur
ing her term of office. The music dur
ing the ceremony was by the California
Commandery Quartet. In addition Mrs.
Mary E* Klein, the associate matron, ren
dered with fine effect. "Dream On." and
Mr. and Mrs. Hadley entertained with a
cornet duet. Dancing In the lower hall
was then kept up until midn'ght.
Degree of the Amaranth.
On the night of the 17th inst. the fol
lowing named elected and appointed of
fleers of Crescent Court of the Degree of
Amaranth were Installed in public In
Elks' Hall in the presence of the mem
bership and a limited number of friends:
Mary Gllmer Dunn, royal matron: Chris
tian Frederick Sommers, royal patron-
Barbara Ellen Sommers, honored asso^
date matron: Josephine Leach, treasurer-
Ada A. Starrett, secretary; Ida B. Spence!
conductress; Irene Annie Simpson, asso
ciate conductress: Mary H. Lewis
warder; George L. Darling. .prelate; M. G
McConkey. herald; Mary E, Donoho
Truth; Mary Oatman. Faith; Annette N
Wood, ¦Wisdom, and Crystal Wagner
Charity: Mary Fahrenholtz, marshal in
the ea«t: Nona Sanborn. marshal in the
west, and Wilkes G. Madden, sentinel.
Franklin L. Jones, the outgoing patron
was the installing officer and he was as
sisted by Mrs. Lydia Steele as marshal
At the close of the ceremony Mrs. Addle
L. Ballou, associate grand matron, de
livered an address, concluding her re
marks with words of nigh praise for the
work done during the year by Mrs. Jen
nie A. Graves, the outgoing matron, and
presenting her. on behalf of the court,
a gem of a watch, having on one outer
case the emblenvof the order In colored
enamel and on th« outer the ' monogram
of the recipient, as a token of the, high
esteem In which she is held by th« mem
bership, la like : appreciation . the ¦ prelate
on behalf of th* court presented to Florin
L. Jones, the outfotng patrcn, a fine pair
of opera glasses. Mrs. Nellie A. DarlJnir
during the ceremony sang the rocal selec
tions. After the installation there was a
collation- The new royal matron, who is
Jacobs. M. Goldstein. Walter Anderson.
M. Goldstien, Henry Kaufman of Oak
land. Mr. and Mrs. Ancer, Mr. and Mrs.
Swartr. Mrs. HIrsch, Miss M. Monasoh.
Miss V. Swam. Miss G. HIrsch. Miss H.
Monasch. Miss B. Hirsch. Miss Hartman.
i^ss Davis. Miss E. Rosenbaum, Miss G.
Kaufman and Miss M. Hirsch of Oak
land.
Club Parties.
A surprise was tendered to Miss Ger
trude Davis in honor of the- seventh an
rJversary of her birth. Among those
present were: Solly Bernstein, Miss Lena
Haas. Edgar Haas, Miss Sophie Haas.
Karry Seidkind. Miss Helen Ford. Philip
Ford. Miss Rose Ford. Miss Kitty Ford.
Baby Hilary Ford. Baby Sidney Davis.
Miss Gertrude Davis. Isle Davis. Miss
Florence Murray, Miss Sidney Smith.
Jake Stulsaft. Miss Gussie Stulsaft. Misa
Mollie Readon. Willie Readon and Miss
Sadie Bernstela.
Les Eon Ami Club gave its second as
sembly and cotillon at the Maple Room
ar.d Marble Hall of the Palace Hotel on
Thursday evening. December 13. Among
those present were: P. de Lcs, P. A.
Young, R. Schord. B. W. Large. R. Drum
raond. F. E. Young. B. Gleason, W.
Schord. J. Lavin, C. G. Morgan. J. A.
Wheeler, H. E. Jarmen. F. E. Young, W.
A. Scott. G. M. 'Scott. R. E. Tracey. V.
DuBois. S. E. Elliott. D. Wilson, E. Mc-
Xir.me. G. J. Schmitz, J. P. Mogenson.
J. A. Armonil. M. S. 6ame, C. A. Hall.
H. J. Van Kirk, H. AlCunate. J. Frisbie.
G. C. Dicker; R. C. Daniels. F. Cellarlus,
A. W. Maginis. J. B. Dusgan, A. L. Mott,
R. E. Mooney, A. L. Jordon. V. La. Mott.
R. Marshall. G. Macpherson. M. Seibal.
F. H. nood. Miss Pearl Avis, Miss Daisy
Pabst. Miss Ge«rgie Macpherson. Miss
Alice Beil. Miss Daisy Conroy. Miss
Emma Mowbray. Miss Viola Klemeberg,
Miss Flora Smith. Miss Alice Webster.
Miss Bessie Langdon. Miss Minna Hep
ihurn. Miss Mausshardt. Miss Alice Vice.
M:?s M Naughton. Miss Ethel Downs,
Miss T. Crooks, iiiss Trezvact Cleveland
Miss Lurline Buck. Miss Pennington Miss
Olga Hunsaker, Miss E. Halleron, Miss
Clara Stolz, Miss Avis, Mis3 Caprice Wat
sen. Miss Annabelle Flowers. Miss
Blanche Flowers. Miss Estella Flowers
Miss McDonald, Miss Mulville Miss Car
lie Hcndricks, Miss Emile. Seibal, Miss
Midge Costlgan.
The second cotillon given by Los Ami
gos Club was held at Golden Gate
Hail Saturday evening. December 15. Alan
t " JeMF"™ 2£ted as floor manager and J.
L. Frisbee as his assistant. Among those
present were: L. Delano. C. A. Hall. M.
Cutten. A. Gurney. J. White. A. Dollard.
A. D. Cheston. I. Helneman, M. Deles.
Mr. Matthews, E. Girzekowskv, A. C.
Ver.pard, Louis Forcer, J. Bartiey, J. B.
Duggan. C. A. Lieb, A. A. Peterson, Frank
earroil, Charles Travers. T. Broill. Gard
ner de Veuve. B. M. Jones. H. Vankirk.
Frank Hall. E. Earhart. J. E. Allen. W.
Thompson, Fred Lyser. G. Tuska, J. Port
man. R. Schord, Bruce Large. E. C. Dyer,
C. Cunningham, J. M. Gruhn. R. Marshall,
R- W. Martland. J. H. Flood. J. A. Or
mond. W. C. Prlchard. T. S. Lawlor. Pro
fessor C. Wells, George Lilly, L. H. Stew
art. J. Baptista. H. E. Jarmen. J. F. Hos
ken. V. J. Lamotte. M. Dflyon. Fred
Brake, H. Levy. W. L. Courtright, Peri
A. Young. Frank Bauer. Percy Wldham,
A. MacPherson, V. Gruhn. F. Holllng. J.
G. Jones, Dr. J. C. Perry, W. T. Gurney,
F. J. Armstrong, T. Brackman. Earl de
Veuve. B. Kraus. R, E. Mooney. Miss F.
Shine. Miss Bess Harvle. Miss Alice BeiU
Miss K. Rawiston. Miss K. Murray, Miss
A. Murray, Miss G. MacPherson. Miss R.
Gruhn, Miss M. Smith. Miss M. Leib, Bites
B. McLaren. Miss Lardner. Miss M. Fltz
patrick. Miss J. tTphoff, Mrs. Brake. Miss
Vivian, Misa Wigand, io.iss May Nolan,
Miss B. Holmes, Miss B. Burnhain, Miss
E. Bennett, Miss L. Vankirk. Miss S. Hos
ken. Miss A. Shlr.e. Miss T. Crooks, Miss
Mabel Barclay, Miss M. Cushman, Miss
L. SUIla. Miss Maybell Smith. Miss F.
Navlet. Miss Buck, Mrs. A. Sexton. Miss
E. Henan, Mrs. Shenker; Mrs. Cheston.
Mrs. L. A. Bell. Miss Mary Baptista, Mrs.
F. J. Bauer, Mrs. G. G. Frisbee. Miss E.
BarthelB, Miss O. Hunsacker, Miss G.
Vankirk, Miss L. Holling, Miss Conrov,
Miss A. Coney, Miss E. Basch, Miss \
Spooner. Miss T. Cleveland. Miss D. O.
Peterson. Mrs. L. A; Taylor. Miss Halle
ran, Mrs. A. Trathen, Miss Scherostein,
Mrs. Charles Wells, Miss G. Rotosky.
Miss G. de Wolff, Miss G. Bailey, Miss
Waters and Miss Randall.
In th.9 Future.
Invitations are cut for the second as
sembly of the Mendotas, which will b<>
held in Mission Opera Hall on Wednes
day evening. January 9. 1901.
The Unknowns will hold their eighth
annual masquerade ball on Saturday,
January 2, 1S01, at Golden Gate Hall, 63
Personals.
Mrs. Edwin W. Joy has returned from
her three months' trip to New York,
Washington, etc, and will be at home at
1306 California street during the winter.
Mr. and iirs. M. Jacob and children, of
Portland, Or., are visiting In the city and
are the guests of Mr. and Mrs. J. Meyer
feld. 2721 Clay street.
Dr. Lu Ella Cool and her daughter are
guests at Hotel Crellln for the winter.
Mrs. Montgomery S. Cuxrey and two
daughters. Miss Frances Currey and Mls-«
Julia Currey. of San Francisco, also of
Dlxon, Eolano County, are stopping In
Nice. France, for tho winter. Miss Julia
is attending school and Miss Frances Is
improving herself in French and music.
Miss Gertrude Sweeney of Spokane,
Washington, accompanied by Miss Clis
bee of Washington. D. C. Is visiting
southern France and Italy.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Welner and daughter
leave shortly for an extended Eastern
trip.
Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Howerton have re
turned from their trip to Nome and are
guests cf Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Llmbaugh.
Mrs. Van R. Paterson "has returned
from the East, accompanied by her
daughter. Miss Kelsey -Paterson. who has
been attending the Misses Masters*
School at Dobbs Ferry, New York.
Miss Tillie Loewenthal will be at home
the third Tuesday of the month at her
residence. 1773 Post street.
Miss Annie Hawes of XH Lyon street Is
expected home to-day after an extended
visit to relatives and friends in Calaveras
G«orre W. Davis of Bntte. Montana, Is
at the Pleaaanton.
/CT^-^HS first society events cf the
yf\ ~ew year will be the Tale Glee
fl I and Banjo Club concerts.
\V|> which take place on the even-
Vj*" 1 -/ ir -& c * January 2 at the Mac
donough Theater. Oakland, on
the evening of Januarv 3 at
Metropolitan Hall, this city, and on the
afternoon cf January 4 a t Morosco's
Grand Opera-house. The students num
ber forty-three. Great preparations are
being cs.de to honor them. They wi!l be
given a reception at Berkeley on Wednes
day afternoon, January t, and the same
evening they will be entertained after
their performance at a "smoker" In Oak
land. They will also be given a reception
in this city on Thursday afternoon. Jan-
Xiary 2. and a r^all will be given In their
honor the same evening at the Pa'.ace Ho
tel The following is a list cf the lady
Fatror.cssrs: Mrs. Henry F. Allen. Mrs.
Gordon Blanding:. Mrs. Thoxas Breeze.
Islrs. George CadTralaier. "rs. Donald
Campbell, Mrs. Francis Carolan, Mrs.
James Co2ia. Mrs. William H. Crocker.
Mrs. Robert COrr.an. Mrs. Joseph B.
Crockett. Mrs. Albert N. Drowr., Mrs.
Charles P. Eells. Mrs. George W. Gibbs.
Mrs. Joseph D. Grar.t. Mrs. Horace Hill.
Mrs. Welter S. Hobart. Mrs. Jonathan
Kittle. Mrs. V. K. Maa-Iox. Mrs. W. Mayo
Newhall. Mrs. Sidney V. Smith. Mrs. Hen
ry T. Seen and Mr?. William S. Tevis,
Mr. Clarence Fc'lls has sent out invita
tions to the -wedding cf his sister. Miss
Lilian Mary Follls. to Mr. Frank Wood
GriEn, on Wednesday, January 9. at h:gh
rocn, at the family residence, corner
Washington ar.d Buchanan streets.
Tte fcecend dance of the Friday Fort
nightly Club ¦r&s given at Cotillon Hall
on Friday evening. December 2L The
members and tfceir guests were received
by Mrs. Monroe Salisttiry. Mrs. E.eanor
Martin. Mrs. Jaires Robinson and Mrs.
"Walker, arid at U o'clock the cotliiion be
paa. It was led by Miss Jcsselyn and M:ss
Therese Morgan, assisted by Mr. Percy
Kir-tf and Mr. Arrold Wright. The young
ladies in the first s<?t were:
Miss Dushaii, Miss Elena Robinson.
MU* Lucy King, iliss Margerv Gibbons.
llias Myer. iiiss Jones, Miss Caro
Crockett. Mies Salisbury. Mis? Marion
Kella. iiiss Carrrenter. Mrs. A- D. Keyes.
Mrs. Ctarle« iiartin. Miss Cai'walader.
lln. Fr.eilanitr, Miss Adelaide Murphy,
Miss Lecntlne Elakeman. Miss Harrison,
acd IIIes Kathirlne Dillon.
The mamage of Miss Mamie McNutt,
•the eldest daughter of I>r. and Mrs. W.
P. ilcNBtt. to Lieutenant Ashton Potter.
S*ourth Cavalrj'. D. £• A-, now stationed
la the Philippines, took place in Yokohama
ct: Novenlir ii- The ceremor.y wus per
formed by an JDpiscopa.! minister in the
precenee of the American Consul, and the
cride was given Irto the keeping of the
rrocn by i£r. Frank Goad. Miss P.uth
SlcNutt and Mrs. Andrew Martin attended
ts bridesmaids.
I-ieutenant Potter and his bride ceiled
Jrom Japan for Manila two days later, as
Xieuten&nt Pctter was able to obtain only
a short leave of absence, and was obliged
to rej>ort fcr duty In the Philippines.
The members of the Entre Nous Cotll
loc gave their third assembly and german
cc Frliay evening at the Palace Hotel,
tr-i, as usual, It proved a most brilliant
ar.d successful gathering. Fifty couples
e-ttended find eix pretty and iatrlea.te fig
ures cf the cotillion were danced, under
the guidance of Sanford G. Lewald, who
let with Miss Adelaide Samuels as his
partner. The following were In the lead
ing eet: Misses Cora Kelsey. Alvina Vell
g-_ch. Gertrude M. Colernan. May Morris,
Bacie Ludlow, Ella Van Kapff. Coral Gil
bert. Adeie Mcilurray, Don* Heuer, Vir
ginia. Goodsell. Mae Ludlow, Linda Prlber,
Ethel Way, Elizabeth Balser. Gladys E>el
r«-l!fc. ICat« L. Byington, Jennie Root, Sir.
and Mrs. Walter A. HoSmaa, Dr. and
Mrs. Frank L. Platt, Messrs. Fred P..
Sherman, Dr. A. W. Baker, George W.
Hendry, Merritt D. Robiscn. James T.
Ludiow. I>r. J. D. Millikin. Henry Lasses,
I>r. Calrin "U". Knoules. Arthur L. Pi?-er,
Acton Haven. Waiter H. Robinson. Dr.
Edmcnfl Keefe. H. L. Swar.ger, David
Selby. Herman H. Herzer. Charles Stew
art. Percy Windham. Arthur Meussdorf
*er. The members of the club, accom
panied by the patronesses, will give a
S'ptt Years evt oall and cotillon at the
CIlS Kou^e. The party will start at 3
o'clock on a trollev ride and arrive at the
CV.rr House at 11:45. In tiiae to see the old
year out and the new, year In. Dancing
will be followed by a supper and cotillon.
A number cf souvenir favors have been
Imported for this occasion.
They're Engaged.
Mr*. Julius Cohen, cf 103 Buchanan
•trest. announces the engagement of her
tfauphter Rose to Louis S. Gosliner, son
at Mr. ar.fi Mrs. Simon GosTlner. Tney
-will fee at horse Tuesday and Friday even
ir^t fiurlng January.
The engagement is announced of Miss
G«rtj-u<5e Forej-th Barnall and Mr. Georg-e
JlVAs Yocuin.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Cell Prager cf this city to Louis Ryder
Kechner of Et- Paul. Minn.
Tli« engagement reception of Miss Hat
tie Peters end Mr. I. J. Klaznet will be
helfl New Year's Cay, January 1. l&n. from
1 to 5 o'clock, at 1142 Golden Gate avenue.
Sirs. P. Brown, formerly cf Marysville.
now residing at S*! 1^ Harrison street,
this dry. announces the engagement of
her daughter. PauUne, to Mr. Isadore
Eir.itn of ttls city.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Ethyl 'tVacholfier. daughter of Mr and
ilre. B. "WachoMer. and Clarence R.
Etem of San Diego. They will receive on
Tuesday afternoon, January 1, at 1041
O'Farrell street, from 2 to 5.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Fred*. E. Merzlng. daughter of Mr. and
>lrs. J. B. MerEing. to Dr. George G.
fitanfert. The wedding will take place
early In February.
Mr. and llr*. Leopold Cassel announce
the engagement of their daughter, Ernes
tine, to Mr. Joseph Kragen.
Wedding Bells.
MI55 Levie Morris of Benson. Arizona,
end H'.ri R. Morrison of El Paso, Texas,
were maxrlefi la Tucsoa, Arizona. Deccni
ber 12. The couple tre at present visiting
Mr. Morrteoa'a parents Ca.pt. J. S. Mor
rison, U. S. A., and Mrs. Morrteon, 2143
Adilson street. Berkeley, and will be at
fccrse la El Peso, Texas, after January 15
1SC2. ¦ •"• :¦
Eczie Gatherings.
Mr. *jsA Mrs. Stone •were the recipients
of a vory pleasant surprise party slvea
t: their residence en the comer cf Marl
7,-sa anfl Minnesota etreets. Potrero, on
Saturday eves!&g last. A very enjoyable
evening *?&s spent In conversation, games
end gn-r.cirg until mifinighu waen all ad
journed to the dining-room, where a
bounteous repast atralted them. Among
the quests present were: Mr. ar.d Mrs.
"Wi^iarn Glbeon. Mr. and Mrs. J. Baston.
Jlr. and Mrs. Samuel Gibson. Mr. Brown,
Jlr. Flathman. Mr. King. Mr. Chamber
lain, C. Stone. Mr. and Mrs. Clark. Mr.
Burnett, T. Hasten. A. Baker, Mrs. Smith,
Hiss Smith. Miss M. Cabot. Miss G. Ca
bot. Miss Brown. Miss P. Gibson. Miss E.
Gibson. Miss M. Baker, Miss X. Baker.
Visa R- Baker, Miss M. Easton and Mrs.
Keien.
A very pleasant surprise party was
tendered to Miss Fannie S-aartz at her
residence. OJ 1^ Minna street. Th-se pres
ent were Charles Swartz. Os<?ar Mohr. Ed
Freidlanfler. Henry Haass. Ed Mohr, Ben
SOCIETY * FRATERNITIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBEB 23, 1900.
27
AJVTBTISOgEyTS.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
t-jli<:i=x. il'9 iUrket rt., cor. Ts-ylcr. rocas
»-a with the electric neefile without pain or
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
KesioTe* wrlckles by casJtlc* the skin firm.
> renders the Ekla soft. t
ifff^-ith. clear, wblte and r^^b^^^
; autiiul &-1 cures Puisan fef^k j-XTn
<.t-L t=c Ejcztzsx. It Is a >AZ> l £f3f$i&3L
::qu:i. Any cr-an cf tht 'jpVCt??
«.cr.f"Jtetic> cT better w::i f'iT'*^^j : rjj£&
cticislate tbe erowth of *^~££i 'iS^*r
hk'.r on ih* fa.e. iirab- sfifF
&t.n Tc:>t Cr*i^i Is , V^S, «^?i*i-
C"-trtxte«4 ret u; <io so. \ rfri
J r.ce I-c liTi^E-.a-i ' «& 5L
Tooth Po»4»r. ISc. All j k^*»^^^* ~^f ;*.
trsrsists a=3 a.t ofgee of - - ~ •
A. W. TRAVERSE. M. D. Lars* stock always
4. t I. e. Potts' Drar Ca ¦¦_> ¦
OfTS E?.nTtff & Celebrated r«ccal«
be ( Es? i a a \z? \~tjjM L»cim^!IcSt^5
_ Dx. o. i'. Htm.
* I I W O L.E*
'¦WOULDN'T THAT^PUFFYOU UP?"
SECONDWEEK
OF THE
BIG HOLIDAY SHOW
BEGINS TO-MORROW NIGHT.
Special Matinee Christmas Day!
By FERRIS HARTiMAN.
A WORLD OF...
FUN and MUSIC.
DOH'T FAIL TO TAKE IHE LITTLE ONES
To Sea the Frcgs and Toads and tha
Towssr and Pussy Dances.
HEAR THE BIG PATRIOTIC AND
"SUNTLOWEBr SUE" FEfALIS.
SEE THE FUHHY 'XARMEN" BURLESQUE
EVERY EVENING AT 8.
M&tnees Saturday and duixtcts Day at 2.
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 50 Cents.
TELEPHONE— BUSH t.
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GRACE, JUDGE.
JAS. r. GRACE, SLirrER.
TO-DAY!
Sunday* December 23,
THE
"Irish Ponies"
mm mm mOik
CRACKERJACKS.
$1500-Total Purse~$1500
Music by YON OMEHDEN'S BAND
TRACT SERVICE:
Leaves Third . and Townseod streets 9:13 %.
m.. 10 a. re. 11 a. ra.. ar.d 12 m.. and 1 p. n.;
Twent7-flfib and Valencia streets five minutes
later. Returning- at 4:45 p. m. SLnd aTter th«
last course. San Mateo Electric Cars every six
minutes. .
Admission 25c. Ladies Free,
•- . ¦-¦ . . .. - — — . — -_,..._, — — ¦
CALIFORNIA TflEATER-SPECIAL
EXTRAORDINART PREXJiCECAKT Alf.
NOUNCEilENT.
The Ma&agesient of the California Tte&u*
Have the Hosor to Acsooac* th*
Perfancaacea ol
MR. EDUARD STRAUSS,
Court Ball Msslc Dtrectcr of Els Tm|>— ««|
Majesty the Err.per:7 of Auatro-
Hunarary and His
FAMOUS VIENNA ORCHESTRA*
la Popular Concerts Dortng the Treek Conv-
nenclag BUNDAT EVENUfO,
December Jft.
Wlih Matlaees Nevr Tear's Dar aad 8atard«T.
SPECIAL PRICES will prevail darla* toe-
engagement aa follorws— Orchestra J2. last f
rows SI SO: b&lecsy. flrst 4 rows. SI SO; bolaac*
balcony. $1: gal:er7. reserved. T^c: nZUry. va»'
reserved. I'c: box snd Icgre seats. J2 M.
Sale of Seats Comsenfts Wednesday Kan.
Ir.ar. December S3.
TO-NIGHT VKf.
FREDERICK WARDE
WITH
MR. AND MRS. E. R. 8PENCER
And tbe Fasioas Clarence M. Bruae- Comp»ay.
In Espy "Vnniazas* Ro-nanUc Comedy
THE DUKE^S JESTER
Beslanlnc; TO-MOKRCrW <1£ONT>AT).
7 Nlsbts and Xmas and Saturday Matinee*.
PRIMROSE & DOGKSTADEB
MINSTRELS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
CROWDED All. THE TUTS!—
31ATDTEES TO-DAT and CHRISTMAS DAT.
Cootlnned Soccesa of tb*
OLIVER-LESLIE COMPAXT
LAST NIGHT!
ATALE of TWO CITIES
TO-MORROTV NIGHT!
OUR CHRISTMAS A/TTRACTTOX.
««AN OFFICER OF THE SECOND.";
Ereslac; Prices— tOc. l.'.c. 23c and 9O«L.
A few frost rows In orebestra, ?5«.
Katlaee Prices— lOe. 15c. 2S« and SO*.
nc> higher.
Brancb Ticket Cf3ee — Eiaportain.
CHUTES^and ZOO
ETVERT ATTERXOON AXD EVEStlXO.
Grand Spectacular Production,
TEN- DAYS IN FAIRYLAND
; SANTA CLAUS BALLET!
BIG CHRISTMAS TREE!
Presents for All the Children!
Telephone for Seats. Park tt
F|orirrpo»c concert house.
riOl/iiriit O Admia«!«~ 1OB.
COGILL AND COOPER'S COMEDIA^a IW
••arr x^jclb from japajj."
And **A FAIHT OOZMtOTHER." fer AUdH
aad SQeTonMr aad BUaeb* Tirtmm*
' |mmh4 fi«JUA» lie, VlT!**^* *~ni<ir^
AMUSEMETITa.
Alf Ellinshouse Prop, and Manager
Phone South ~o
ALL FOR FUN* AXD FUN FOR ALL.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
SPECIAL HOLIDAY ilATINEE
XG5AS DAY
FtTN FOR ONE AND FVX FOR ALL.
George H. BroadhurBt's Evtr Popular,
WHY
SMITH M
I F : 'I^ r r COMPANY OF
LiL>r I COMEDIANS.
HOME.
Direct From New Tork City.
Evening ..15c. 23c. 35c. 50c and T5c
; Matinee 15c. JSo. Joe and 53c
Next Sunday Afternoon.
Jacob LKt's Big Show,
SHENANDOAH.
YHEATRr'O
JIATINEE TO-DAT-TO-NIGHT. j
''jYlfW^ajYlE. BUTTE FtF'L.'V*
And "A SERIOUS TANGLE."
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
; MATINEE TCESDAT. Xil AS.
David Bel a sco's London and New Tork Success.
Naughty_Anthony
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY AND
SUNDAY.
SEATS— 15c. iSe, 25c. Me
OLYMflAo^/MSlo,.
THE ONL.T FP^a: VAUDEVILLE SHOTT E*
THE CTTT.
MABEL HUDSON, '
San Franctaco's Favorite Song Bird.
HADLE^& HART,
Musical Duo. :r.v"
MAE EDGERTON,
The Aerial Queen.
RETURN OF
ANITA LA MONT..
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANT
ADMISSION FREE.
MATINEE EVERT SUNDAT.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAT.
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
New Tear's E?e, Dec/ 31, 1900,
MAROI GRAS
Fancy Masquerade Ball.
PqIqpoI • These hotels "pos-
A diat/C jess the attributes
j ¦ that tourists " and
3J1 Q ': trarelers appreciate
—central . location.
CP5inrt Ii6€ral Jaanajfe-
V 1 all vi. ment. * modern ao •
TT , | pointments v and
llOtelS Perfect cuisme.
- Amencan and Eo-.
Son Francisco ropean o'ans.
BEUS P'5 CENTRAL THEATER rr*
San Fracci«coT« new and handsome fAayhoua*. de-voted to nlgh-dan melodrama— Poyalar price a.
A POSITIVE TRIUMPH
Matinee To=Day==!0c & 25c== H ig h h°eb.
TO-NIGHT and EVERT EVEXIXG AT 8:13
SF»EGI/».I_ MflTINEE X/n«S-TU^SDftY- ',
DAVID BELASCOS Famous Mtlltarr Romance TflJJ gESf QP ALL BIG PLAYS.
TS— 3 ST" B-S fa A n» M Wonderful Scenic and Mecoanlcal Ejects. 1^
5| 3~ Wla m~ /ft fftf B cliMllag tie Wonderful BelTry Scene.
oprp tbe superb aad li;«!Ik» ir.cur.ilr? et
OLL this dUlt. so Deriect In ererr detail
_ ¦"" *» to decetre the auditor »nto beHe-rt=e taat b*
S B Cf" '" brv-athlns the very atmosphere of SoasT
yjt g Maryland.
.. A ¦>%/¦ a Rl! w\ a 5K Y0D8 FRIEND—
I Y 1 */U II 8 L •*«• I fc-T tranc!r. 5 plar ever presented.
irCC EY"ir»— tOc. 15c. 35c. 33c. 3Oc I CPiTs ba sale xt the Eox WSce of Tae**e»
: t l.LJ Matlne>9— lOe and I'Sc. No higher. I J»»A» J to-dax. » a. nx to 10 p. m.
Beginning THIS, Sunday Afternoon, With Spsciil Matinee Christmas,
J r~"~i B y Special ArranseEent TTltiJ ilegart. Daniel } n
nV<5 and Charles Frohmn. ] «JW^
c^^l KING & NOSCROSS <
®|J Present the Brilliant. Interesting and Extremely <
i £ Amusing J-Act Coaiedj-, ---¦«¦¦ »
A PRONOUNCED A^D j «T T8IT IIHIITr 1 HEADED BY THH
SlSTINCT SUCCESS ftT T U f W U j 1 L [ CO.HEDIA.N8
FOR THREE MONTHS ft I I IlL VVlillls "MinQPT/O "nm»T»
IN NEW YORK.... Jlllliol Vdl liUlf
AT WALUCK'S IjnDOC TAUCDM "*" D "
usual populab ""»^t IHVtnii j FranK M.
DDIPCC • I! Th * Entire Production Replete With fl ITA-n/rnAnn
rnluro I 1 XEW AM) MAGNIFICENT SCEXERT. | 11 Ul LI UuO
25, 5O, 75. SI.OO II Exactly as Given In New Tork. 11
HEXT— EDWARD STRAUSS and His Vienna Orchestra.
j^T j^^r^^»»a jk «\\ JCAJ^SA-S c II' I r y
COMMENCING MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 28.
THE ZENITH OP ELECANT VAUDEVILLE —
THE ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW.
DIRECTION MARTIN BECK.
WILL M,
THE WORLD-RENOWNED |-^ C C? \ T
severus c St:f£ Y
SGHAFFER DAYNE
Presenting Their Own Comedies.
JOHNSON, DAVENPORT & LORELLO JACK NORWORTH
Th« Former aijd tb« Football Player*. The Ja " Blrd Coon -
louisFdresser BERTI Li 0WLER
A Jewel In a PIc'<anlony £ettlo3- • TUB COMIOGHArit.
Retained by TPIIIV THE BURLESQUE
Special Desire MilKULl Oli/\1 1 Uwl\... QL'EEN. .
Pcrquet 25c. ony seat. Batcany 10c. Children 10c any part except reserved.
A few t roQ- Orchestra rows ressrved 5Cc Front rows of Balcony reserved 25c
SPECIAL MATINEE TUESDAY, DECEMBER 23, CHRISTMAS DAY.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1900.
28
SAJT F-RAKCTSCO OA-UU
BUEXKXSS OFFICE of The eaa ITraadaeo
GUI. corner cf UukK and Third street*; open
-Bttt IS o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C3T ISontromery -tr*«t.
earner <3ay? open until S:S9 p. m.
K9 Bares street; opes until t:K p. m.
ta McAllister street; ep«n until $:» pu in.
CIS I-vrkln street; open until >:M p. m.
1M1 Ul— rtoc itnet; open until 10 p. m.
ttei Market street, corner Sixteenth; epea
antfl I p. in.
101 Eleventh street; open until S p. m.
.9M Valencia (treat: open until » p. m.
WorJSiwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tacky streets; oj>en until 8 p. ra.
CHURCH SERVICES.
JPJRST CooETeg-tlo—a! Churchy corner Post and
Muob ««.— 5lev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
paster will preach at 11 a, m. Services ap-
propriate to Christmas. Special music by the
cbolr. Samuel D. Mayer organist and choir
r.—Mer. Morning theme, "The bong of
Simeon.** At 7:M u. xa., a Cbri-tmas service
cf socvg with an address by the pastor; theme,
"Who Owned the Mayflower?" All are cor-
fliallr invited. ;__
CiLLVART Presbyterian Church, T. M. C. A.
baiMing. M&xon and £1116 •ts.— Rev. John
HemphiU, D.D., pastor, will preach 11 a. in.
•_.-._ 7:39 p. m. Ctristnias song service In the
evening; theme of discourse. "What the
Hhepherds Found on the First Christmas.
tiid TVhat Young lien May Kind at Thia
O.ristm—etlde." especial Christmas music.
hymns, aethems and eolos by members of the
c!<clr. Christian Endeavor Society meets at
«:S3 a. m. The ltft Wednesday evening ser-
vice of this c-ntury will be held In the lecture
hall at S o'clock. All strangers cordially
welcomed. Young men Epecially invitea.
Crxr.e ar.d receive a bleEflr.g.
t"T. PAUL'S Church. California St., near F:H-
more — Rev. \Y. Maxwell Rel!!y. rector; Rev.
A. C. 'WiUori. assistant. Holy communion,
'-.n a. m. Sun/lay school. S:45 a. m. Mom-
lr.g 6erviee and sermon, 11 o'clock. Kven-
!-g service and sermon, 7:»3 o'clock. Dally
fccrvicee. 10 a. rn. Chrit-tmas day lioly com-
munion. *?:30 a. m. Morning eerviee, etrrmun
and second ceiehration, 10 o'clock.
TPJCNITT Church, corner Bu^h rtA Gouga sts.
-The Rev. Frederick \Y. dampen, D.D..
rector. Holy communion t-unday morning
tt 11 o'clock. Heroine service. 11 o'clock.
QveBing prayer. 4 o'clock, Service on ChriEt-
mas day at 11 a. m. Tt-.» rector will preach.
FIRST CT.urch cf Christ, fclentlrt, Central
block. tZl Butter St.. between Kearny st. and
Or&nt ave. — Christian Fci-nce B.U» lesson at
11 a. tn.; eubject, •¦Christ Jesus." Sunday
•chool for chiiurcn at the same . hour.
Wednesday evening tr.*ct:rg at 8 o'clock.
Free rtadirf-room, _l>6 Kearny St., room £10.
All are welcome.
THE First Divine Science Church. M. E.
Cramer, paetor. me^te every Sunday at 11
a- rn. in "Home College." SI60 Seventeenth
rt.. between Valencia ar.d Mission. Sunday
echool at 10 a. m. Subject of discourse.
"The Birth of Christ."
THE Firet Mental Science Temple meets In
Golden Gate -Hall at 11 a. m. Interesting and
instructive discourses on mental science sub-
jects by lecturers of ability and note. Public
Invited. AdniisFion free.
"THE Theosopfcical Society — Public lecture to-
night at 8 o'clock in Od3 Fellows' building,
by Miss M. A. Waleh. Subject, "Christmas
r>:is."
MEETINGS— SU.\DAT.
Dr. J. Devew Kergan lectures this evening on
"The E\c!utirn cf Intellectual Freedom" at
Crystal Hail, Pythieri Castle. 90S> Market; fol-
lowed by magnificent views of Jerusalem anJ
the holy land. Seate free, no collection.
BENJAMIN FAT MILLS, to-night. 7:45 o'clock,
in his great lecture, "The Religiin of Jesus."
l>y request, befor* the Ethical Institute. The
public Invited. Sects free.
JOHN SLATER— Grand test t«no> to-night,
S:15 sharp; hall K* Market St.; tests, mes-
sages; questions; admission 15 cents.
_W— DR. RINES' Eplrifja! Society. 903 Market:
11. free; 2-S. ISc; Mre. Vigears. Seeley, Lester,
Kotter; all te3ts; others.
KATIE HEUP?MAN"S test circle to-nipht and
Friday evening; £5c. 124 Rugs, off Howard,
between Sixth and Seventh: sittings dally.
AT Whitney Hall to-nipht. 1164 O'Farrell. near
Franklin, tests and questions answered by
Mrs. J. J. Whitney, medium; 10c.
UIPSION Lycrum at 2 p. ra.. Mission Opera
Hall. Cr-rt-tmas ertertainment Wednesday
evening, Dece-nber 26.
CIRCLE to-night, t eharp, 10c; readings daily.
MME. MARWUISE. 5 Hyde Et-. nr. McAllister.
Mrs. Etodflard's convincing tests, 10c: Tues.,
Thure.. t5f.n., 8 p. m. ITS Sth; sittings dallj.
MRS. MART EVANS* circle to-day, 2 and 8.
10c; every night except Thursday. JOS Sixth.
C V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night,
t p. m., 60c. 1CS4 Bush, near Leavenworth.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing teat circle to-night.
636 McAI'iEter rt. ; 10c; come pkpptlcs.
ilRS. ELSIE HKVXOLDS, materializing ee-
arce Bunday evening. C33 Ellis st.; 60c.
EARLE'S eeanc* to-cl_ht- 505 Taylor Et.
C. MATO-STEERS. trance medium. 112H Oak
et; reafilnirs, II; phone Howard 627.
*W. O. KEEGAN hnlds a seance every right
exrep-t gaturcay; lx. US Sixth St.
MEETIXGS- -I'niTcnal Brotherhood.
•nrnOSOPHICAl. Society — Christina* enter-
tainment to-night at Academy of Sciences'
Hall. 81* Market et.; a symbolic representa-
tion of Eh__ef=peare's myrtle drama. 'The
Winter's Tale," and a Greek symposium.
"After th» Banquet." Special musical pro-
grainne.
JIEKTI.NG AOTICKS.
MOUNT MHRIAH Lodge No. 44, F. and m
A- M. — OfScers and members are re- 1^^
-pectfully r»><iuested tu _.r*:-rr.b'.e at the \T jf
Tempi* (MONDAY) December 24. at /V>
1:80 p. ra., for the purpose of attending the
funeral cf our late brother. DIEDRICH
HEINRICU WU1__N. By order of the
W. M. THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lode* No. lss, F. ar.d A. M.. m
121 Eddy ft., will m»et TO-DAY at 8 A
a rr. to attend the fur.»ral of our /at»*}£ Jf
brother, EAMtrEL FOORMAN. /Xr\
r GEORGE FENUNGTON, Sec.
J.5ORSE Lodg-e No. 257. I. O. O. F. #vj_r*/>.
The officers and members cf this ~j&~5x£-
! .c>*? are notlfltd to attend the ¦3*5'C_>^fe r
funeral cf Brother T. D. BEN- -^/inw**
NEUS TO-DAT <SCNDAT). at 1:30 o'clock,
from Covenant Hall, Odd Fellows' bulldins;.
Bt order T. W. FIKIIEH, N. O.
C. BRINI?. Recording Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the trtockholders oT the
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco, Cal..
will b« bell at Its banking house, HI Mont-
roroery et-. Ban Francisco. CaL, on TUES-
DAY. January S, 1901. at S:U o'clock p. xa..
Sot the election of directors to serve for the
exsuing year and the transaction of such
ctAer tueiness as may come before the rceet-
lag. GEO. GIIANT. Cachlcr.
e-.-i P— »nrtseo. December 8. 1808.
AGE.VTS WANTED.
COXJCTTORS wanted; men or women: good
sa l&rles warranted; payable either weekly or
raos.thly; expenses paid. t27 Market, rm. 61S.
AGENTS— Do you wast something more profit-
able and easier to t*ll than books or lnsur-
aace? Add. F. PERSON, r. m. Porrott bldg.
AQZNT8 to introduce a new Imported house-
bold necesrlty of nound commercial value
Dundee Mfg. Co.. room 14. Flood bldg.. S. F.
BATH CABTNET6; ROBINSON, Niagara, Per.
fcotlon and others. Agency, 426 Ellis St., a F.
ADOPTION.
A GOOD bom* open for rlrl or boy baby. Add.
Mrs. Dr. Funke. UK Eighth et.. Alaroeda-
ASPHALTUM ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, atpbalt roottng. eldewalks re-
peired; portal, list M'gtlcr.: tel Folsom 1C07.
ASTUOLOGY. -—-———
ASTROI/3GT— Your prospects for 190l~wlth
test .ketch of life, by an expert predictlonlet;
Fend dat» of birth, sex and 12c. PROFFSSOR
6EBJ-NO. bcx _28. Boctcn, Mars?
UR. C-TOUSEY TAYLOR. Scientific Astroto-
g^r— Free copy "The New Moon." 785 Market
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. S77 Market rt., 6th floor, room C27
— Cetates. csxeages. attachments, bankruptcy
collection*: ail cases; fair fee; no advance
charge*; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE free; divorce !»w a specialty; private;
no fe« without success : collections, O W
HOWE, atty at law, K0 Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK W. SMITH; mining and 'probate law a
specialty. — U1U big.. r.'». 4th fir.; tel. P.ed 3C16.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market St.. opp. Mason!
L EDW. JABRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market ets.: phone Red C2S2.
L. e. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
< ket St.; consultation free: no teen In advance,
III'LGIAY HARES.
FOR rale— . mature Flemish giant bares; Jm-
ported; male and female. 1011H Sutter et.
BICVCLCS— For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN sells the De«t bicycles. Columbia,
Epaldlcg. Barnes, Hartford. Monarch, Stor-
tLtr. Pe&saat, £» up. 201 _«.rkin & 1»TO Page*.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
JTOO— RESTAURANT with 80 beds In best town
In California; receipts 130 a day; oheap rent,
with lease. LANE & CO.. 885 Market at.
$SGO— CANDY store on Market at-, clearing 1150
to tin a month: unusually good chance; «lck-
noss compels eale. LANE - CO., MS Market.
JX0— DELICACY, canned goods, bread, milk,
etc.; rms. with furn.: nice stock; sickness
compels sale; bargain. Lane & Co., £66 Market.
A — 'WANTED— A good tenant for grand cor-
ner store and basement with fixtures suit-
able for grocery business; special indue*-
mente. Apply SPECK &. CO.. 6C7 Market.
PARTNER — Paying office business; apply at
once. CLOSE &. CO.. »0» Kearny st.
BUSINESS— Learn to be a doctor in 20 min-
ute*. Nature provides for all (without
money). "We live In an ocean of electrio
j air." Press the nerve center and nature will
j «lo the rest. The heart, Ftomach, liver and
I all pails are joined like a circuit of electrio
I lights and health comes quickly.- Wonderful
discovery. Full method free, with tests by
United States Government official. State
Geologist. M. D.'e. D. D.'e and leading citi-
I Bess. Call or address room 16, California
Academy cf Sciences, E19 Market St., San
Franolseo. . . '
! 12S0 ACRES Kern County oil land; as a whole
' or In blocks of 40 acres; $2 50 per acre. Box
| 39C3. Call office. /¦
i znn
j BUTCHER Fhop, centrally located. $600; well
i equli'ped. refrigerctor. etc.; $30 daily cash
j counter trade; time piven for investigation;
own"r leaving city; easily worth tl2C0. Par-
i ticulars rocm TS. Chronicle bidg^
I NO crRE,~NO PAY— SPRAINS and BRUISES
j cured In 20 minutes to two day*. Room 475,
Parrott buHdir.s, fourth floor; 10 to IS a. m..
l.to 1 cm.
j fUe— RESTAURANT; worth double; also ree-
taurant and bar on th» water front. Inquire
' of D. McRAK Furniture Co., 837 Mission st.
WANTED — Partner (lfe<?y or gent ieman) with
tome capital, to dovt-lop jroml Alaska claims.
Address box S37O, Call office.
j SUCCESSFUL leading actress with theatrical
j i^roperty dc-sirrs partner with soms capital.
! «'e11 after I, .11 Polk st.
' V.'ANTED-A hustler with J1G<X> or more to
: take active part In an establtshei business.
j Box C?:«3, Call. _^
' A OOOD business opportunity for a person
j with J100 capital. Address K. J.. SS7 Ellis at.
j FOR Eale — Fruit end vegetable store, including
| hore« and waton. 151 Ninth Bt.
! BAKERY, candy and delicatessen store, neatly
) fitted up. $125. '.Its Howard st.
¦ SALOON — Partner wanted in a flrst-class sa-
j loon. Inquire at CE3 Mission st.
I FOR sale— A f. r»t-class hotel containing 40
! rooms, furnished throughout; in running
I order: been open 10 years; on principal street;
J the leading hotel; bar attached; at one of the
I prominent summer resort?, within 3 hours'
ride from San Francisco. Address for full par-
ticulars box a<'S. Call office.
I A— PLAY THE RACES—
20 to L0 per cent profit monthly on our new
ryetem; call and Investigate. N. & HAND &
CO.. expert bandlcappers, suit 12, 84 Kearny.
! FOR rent— In a good location, a blacksmith
j ehop, dwelling, barn. etc. : tools and stock for
j faie; business long established: party must
: l>e Fober nnd reliable. Apply Call office.
| TO physicians— Good property and practice In
I Cal. railroad town; $3000: no other physician.
I Apply or call MISS TURNER. Seamen's
I Home. cor. Main and Harrison ets.. S. F.
¦ COFFEE saloon and restaurant for gale; price
j $$00; daily receipts frcm #5 to $60; good pay-
! ing: I hav« other business to attend; call at
! the place. 410 Kcarr.y st.
J ROADKOl'SE, exc-?Il*>nt location, with 23 acres
! orchard and mouern improvements, for sale
'. cheap. Address box S?'3, Call office.
! *400— GRAND opportunity for lady or gent; loca-
| tion perfect: cigars, stationery, notions. Walt-
! lne room. r3d-ave. station. East Oakland.
j AT a bargain— Hay, grain, wood and coal yard.
! 2130 Sacramento St.. near Lyon.
j FOR sale — First-class saloon; central; complete
j etock. Box "9H2. Call office.
! CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, «*>r.t to any address in the
' United States or Canada one year for tl,
postage paid.
I/ODGING-UOL'SES FOR SAL12.
MONEY loaned on lodging-houses. Ws p. c. :
anything you want in lodging-houses; s'mples:
I S7 rooms; on Powell St.; rent $173; price.. 11900
j 14 rooms; on Leavenworth; rent $12o; price 1200
16 rooms; on punny elde; rent $25; price.. 750
7 roema: on Geary tt.. rent 1*0; price.... 450
31 rooms; O'Farrell Bt.; rent tSO; price... 650
6 rooms; Turk St.; rent J27; price 300
I For quick sales list your houses with A. L.
! WILLEY, 816 Market Bt.; phone Black 6213.
' ~*" MARION GRIFFIN.719
Market st.. r. 1; tel.
Black 1S03. near the
Call bld»r.; big frea
list
A— TOO LATE FOR XMAS GIFT
Don't buy until you seo
Our new list Wednesday, December 26.
" KREDO A CO.. 36 Geary st.
LARGEST lift lodglng-houees; good bargains;
I money loaned on furniture-. SCHWEINHARD,
rms. J-2. i>U Market St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
' LODGING houFe and restaurant In Stockton;
I good for man and wife. Address JOHN Mc-
i KINSEY. 647 West Market St., Stockton. .
' COOD-PATIXO rooming-house of 32 rooms for
I sale; located at 1122 Market st- Call and see
! proprietor; good reason for selling.
j tSOO— A BARGAIN: 26 rooms; Market et. CLOBE
j & CO.. 209 Kearny Bt.
i WATCH this space: new list; new houses; Dec.
i :7. FISHER & CO.. 1C32 Market Et.
; SPIRITUALISM.
j MRsTdII. FARNHTJlirworid'Tenowned spirit-
i ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law-
eults, divorces, deaths; unites the separated:
rr.inin.? a specialty: clrs. Sun., Wed.. Fri.ev's;
cotne and be convinced. Permanently located
513 Eddy et., bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
MRS. KOTTER'S circle to-night. 10c; sittings
dally; ladles EOc; gents U. 34 Sixth st.. r. 15.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings daily; tests to all to-night; 10c.
ARNOLD & DICKSON'S 6pirit tests to all to-
night, 10c; readlncs to-day. US Sixth, rm. 6.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium,
life reader, med. clairvoyant. 1161 O'Farrell.
EARLE. 205 Tnylcr St.. corner Ellis— Sittings
daily; seance Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
C Mayo-Steers. 112'.4 Oak. trance medium:
reading*. $1; hours, 1-5 p. m. ; tel. Howard 627.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, IE pages, sent to any address In the
United Ftatrs or Canada one year for $1,
portage paid. _^
CLAIUVO'-fAXTS. ™
WONDERFUL! WONDERFUL! WONDER-
FUL!
Have you seen the woman In white? San
Francisco has been visited by many medium*
and palmists but never by one like the
woman in white, "The Famous QUAKER
MEDIUM."
There are only three things In life
Health. Wealth and Love.
She will tell you how to get all three, and
teach you how to keep them. This wonder-
ful woman has accomplished more for her
patror.H through mind vibration, or mental
telegraphy, than any ether medium on earth.
This great t-ecret of mind vibration is
-worth thousands of dollars to professional
' and business men. to wives and lovers, as
by this means you can bring back to you
the absent— even though the ocean rolls be-
tween.
She will also teach you how to draw about
you the Influences of invisible Intelligences
who people space and who are permitted to
aid Buttering humanity.
Phe Is the only known medium who, through
her spirit guide, has ever Riven prescriptions
that have been printed in medical Journals.
Ministers liave consulted her on the inter-
pretation of the Bible, doctors hsve sent their
patients to her after they have exhausted
every remedy known to the profession.
Lawyers find her advice invaluable, for if
followed ehe will guarantee that the Judge
and Jury will decide not one case In your
favor, but every case.
Knowing what month you were born, ehe
will tell what is attracted to you, through
the Planets and vibrations of the air, oil
or mineral.
Ebe la no new beginner, but a woman being
born with a eift given to few on earth, has
by years of study and experimenting learned
to handle the unseen forces to your advant-
age as easily as you handle the most ordinary
business In life.
fhe is world-renowned for her good works.
TILE QUAKER MEDIUM AND PALMIST,
- 1104 Market et., cor. - Mason.
Parlor 23; hours 10 a. rn. to S p. m. Ad-
vice by malt, $2. All correspondence strictly
co?i2g< ntiu!.
MRS. DR..F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Market
St., corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. > Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Bend stamp for pamphlet
with ppeclal terms. Dally and Sunday. .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles COc:
gents <1; palm, and clatr. Bit. II M. 12S Turk.
MR6. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader me-
dium; 2Sc up. 82. Mission st., nr. 4th; ring bell.
MMI3. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future; rss. 143 Sixth st... room 14.:
- .
Cl-AmVOYATfTS.
I8MAR THE OTP8T.
. IBMAR the Egyptian Gypsy draw* aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and suc-
cess go hand In hand, yet hundreds fall where
vuccees Is possible were It not for a lack of
foresight Into the future. If you are In trouble
of any kind, discontented, unhappy or' not
satisfied in life, consult ISMAR, for she is a
prophetess of world-wide fame, and her name
Las become a proverb In thousands of homes
made happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR
can be consulted daily from 10 l m. to t
p. m., 8undays by appointment only, at her
office, 1148 Market nt., opp. Sixth. Full life
reading by mall, J5. ISMAR' S office will be
closed until 'Wednesday, Dec 26. at 10 a. ra.
MRS. B. M. DUVAL.
£15 KEARNY ST.'. ROOMS 8-10.
" Late of Los Angeles.
MRS. DUVAL is a natural born clairvoyant
and business medium. She tells your past,
present and future life, diagnoses diseases,
cures deafness, etc. If there are obstacles In
the path of your life she can tell you how
to overcome them and how to avoid them.
MRS. DUVAL has practiced successfully in
Los Angeles for the past nine years for all
the principal business people, as well as those
in the highest society. • and still has patrons
there, to whom she will continue to give her
valuable advice.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given In all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 23c up. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant nnd
palmist, permanently located 114? MarkPt, opp.
f>th; urivate readings dally, 10 a. rn. to 5 j>. m.
MRP. F. CORNELIA, formerly Mrs>. Anthony,
has returned to business; clairvoyant ami
card reader; ladies 25c, gents 50c. 46 7th st.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-knownvclalrvoyant, wa-
ter-reader, moved to 11 6th; German spoken.
I MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the great palm-
! ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh Bt.
I MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 2f.c. 1U9 Mission.
I MMR. KCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
| sittings daily. 448^ Jessie st.
THE Quaker medium and palmist, 1104 Market
»t.. corner Mason, parlor 2S.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny Bt.. rooms 8-10.
MME. RAVENNA reads life Huently; business
ad '.'Ice: names given; 26c up. 6 Fourth st.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, .3S3-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
STANDARD. 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kete renovated. 26c per pair; carpets cleaned,
3c yd; laying a specialty. Phone Mission IPS.
CARPETS cleaned at 3e per yard, laid at 6c.
STRATTON'B. 8 Eighth st ; tel. Jegsle 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet -Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. OEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 12S.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
TWO Shetland ponies, mirrey, cart, double and
single harness, two saddles. 90S Oak st.
AN A No. 1 express wason, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 032 Mission.
NEW & Id-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
nepy, work & driving hcrser. 15th & Valencia.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, Ingrown nails, warte, chll-
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 41*i Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Apency— No charge un-
less succ?fsful. Rcor.i 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET. '
$fr— COTTAGE, 5 rooms; worth 114 In city; near
Holly Park; water free. 64 Silver St., off 8d.
DENTISTS.
A^"«iIiELE^^'-DEN^TAL"ciJNICr80rMar^
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
S3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 GO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 13 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
' p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for SO days on all
plates, crowns and bridgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 yeais; crowns, $S SO; fllllngB, 50c; plates,
ih, full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no studentii; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, COc; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 969
Mission st-. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, SOc.
MODERN, DENTAL PARLORS, 120« Market
st. ; expert extracting, crown and bridgework.
A. L. SIMPSON. P. D. 3.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 2S5 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $(; crowns, $3; fillings, 2Jc.
VAN VROOM — "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk «t.
— DEPILATORV.
O. C. C— A harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not Irritate,
burn nor polscn the most delicate skin; agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co., ag'cy. 426 Ellis.
DRESSM AKERS AND SB AMSTRESSE9
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. 101'j Market et.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post.over O'Connor & Moffatt.
DRESSMAKING: reasonable prices ; dresses
made over; perfect fit. 3S7 Geary at.
•EDPCATIONAI,
j AY RES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
| and evening: tS per month; $50 life scholar-
I ship cuar&ntees a complete business educa-
| tion. including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
i during the past 5 months: catalogue free.
! GALLAGHER-MARSH ColleRe. Parrott Hldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthands reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering-, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
EVENING school. S. F. Business College. 1236
Market; Individual Instruction In bookkeep-
ing, shorthand, English branches; civil ser-
vice coaching; tuition- $5 month.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges: referenoea. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
j CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
I tlcns guaranteed to It by written contract,
an* can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all its graduates. SOS Larkin st.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
! ATTENTION'.— Tarr's pupils thorough book-
keeping figures; short time: college graduate
I perfected : expert accounting. 220 Parrott bl«J.
ALL students but two taking full course this
I year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 12S6 Market St.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mlning.mech. .sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
KENT Law School— Students epecially prepared
for examination. 743 McAllister Bt.
PIANO, hist, of music, French and German.
MME. PRILL. T. M. C. A. bldgt. Bth floor.
MUNSON, School Shorthand, Typing Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 1S7 Mont'y. E. 11. Carpenter, pr.
TEACHERS' Agcy, A.McNloll,Mgr.,r. 31. Flood
bldg. ; high school, grammar, private teachers.
MR. and MRS. D. , MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar,' mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY, and
ILLUSTRATION ; night class. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
. etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMEjVT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employmenTcon-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.; near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPAKE6E responsible housccleaning co. ; est.
1870; practical recommend; try them: removed
. to 411 Devisadero; teL Fell 138. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best helpT E2g O'Farrell st. : teL Hyde 2191. .
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California: phone James 2801.
RELIABLE! Japanese-Chinese employment I ot-
flce; all kinds help. 31S Stockton: Main S1S8.
ORPHEUM Emplyomcnt Office— Japanese, Oil-
nete help.42* Powell.nr. Sutter; tel.Black S071
CHINESE * and ' Japanese ' Employment Office-
Best help. 4UH O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426. .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
AN elderly woman, good American cook, ele-
gant bread maker, flrst-clase housekeeper,
' clean and careful,' will go aa housekeeper to
a widower with children or elderly couple;
good oity referenoea If required. Apply for
2 days at 770 Harrison st. '
POSITION wanted by well educated ' lady of
ability and refinement. Box 8980. Call office.
WOMAN wishes to cook and assist In house-
work. MRS. SMITH, 409 Minna rt., nr. Fifth.
RELUBLE woman wishes position as cook;
will do other work. Address 8 Gough st.
WOMAN with a child 7 years old wants a po-
sition as working housekeeper on a ranch or
In lodging-house. Call at 127 Turk st.
A LADT would like a position doing chamber-
work In a first-class hotel; city or country.
Box 3806. Call -cf flee.
WIDOW with a child would like a position as
housekeeper; competent of taking care of
a lodging-house. lllVi Leavenworth Bt.
A WOMAN wishes a place to do work of- any
kind. 205 Natoma st.
WASHING, Ironing, housecleanlng, by the
day; $1 M per day. Anna Brown, 84S8 18th st.
A 'WIDOW lady Wishes gentlemen to take
room, with or without board; call Sunday.
621».B Stevenson st.
A WIDOW lady wishes flannels to wash from
respectable ircntlemen. Apply 631%B Steven-
son at.
ELDERLY lady wishes position as working
housekeeper. Box 3064, Call office.
•GIRL wishes a place to do housework. Call
at 809 Thirteenth 8t. -.-
'RESPECTABLE .widow with little 'girl desires
position as housekeeper: flrst-class cook and
laundress; no trifiers. Address MRS. I. V. C.
Vacayille P. O., Solano County, Cal.
TWO Scandinavian girls wish positions as
chambermaids or general housework. Ad-
dress 409 Minna st.
NURSE girl wishes position to take care of
children. 11E0 Mission St.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rpoms; 25c to Jl 50 night, Jl 50 to it
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— A young man of 28, who lost an
excellent position with one of the largest
wholesale concerns in the country through
Intemperance, wishes (situation where he can
earn an honorable Hving; thoroughly exper-
ienced In wholesale and retail hardware and
housefurnishings; possesses ability as travel-
ing salesman marked degree; evidences of
ability and reformation to any one who will
give him opportunity to retrieve himself.
Box 39S1. Call office.
CARPENTER, good hand on repairs, who is
aleo a competent house painter, desires work;
single, middle-agred, sober and Industrious;
country preferred; moderate wages. Box
3975. Call office. • ¦
WANTED— A gentleman of address and buil-
ness experience desires a position; amount of
salary not important; a bonus of $25 given.
Addrers box 3969, Call office.
YOUNG man desires position; writes and speaks
English, French, German and Hollandlsh.
Call 2^6 Winchester Hotel.
BOOKKEEPER wants employment mornings
or evenings; good references; small wages.
Address G. NBNAU. 701 Stockton st.
YOUNG man would like position on chicken
ranch: incubators run with success; thor-
oughly reliable. Box 3979, Call.
FIRST-CLASS all-round job compositor and
pressman wants situation flrst of year; city or
country. Address ¦ M..' box 3983, Call, office. ¦
WANTED — Position with some good law firm
by, young man who was admitted to the bar
In the East and wishes to be admitted here.
Box 3991. Call office.
AMBITIOUS young .man desires a position;
night work preferred i reference. Box S9S0,
Cull office.
A— PRACTICAL, miner wants position; a thor-
ough mill man and assaycr: on stamps or cir-
cular mills; has had experience on low grade
oren; also with mine development, and is ca-
pable of taking entire charge, erecting and
runnlr.T with a water power, steam or com-
pressed, air plant; home or abroad; open for
engagement; married and steady; experience
and references. Address J. S., box 3954, Call.
AMERICAN farmer, married man, wishes em-
ployment as foreman on a ranch; have had
fxporlence; >can pive references. Call or ad-
dress R. F. DAWSON, 1920 Francisco St., j
East BerkelP- Cal.
SITUATION wanted by reliable, experienced
male stenographer, 28 yeans of asre: under-
stands bookkeeping thoroughly; good refer-
ences; interview solicited. Box 3&6S, Call.
BLACKSMITH and practical horseshoer wishes
position on ranch or In shop In small town,
or would rent shop and tools. Box 3962, Call.
CIVIL war veteran wants position as watch-
man; good references. Address box 8863, Call.
WANTED, by sober, middle-aged man, a sit-
uation about private place; care of horse, cow
and garden ; good home looked for rather than
' high wages. Box 3SS6. Call. _^
YOUJfQ man wishes cutslde salaried position
for reliable firm; wide business acquaintance
In city; reference and bond; no triflers. Box
3949, Call office.
STEADY, reliable young man would like job
of driving a delivery or small milk route In
country town; wages reasonable. Address
room 21. 409*4 Twelfth St.. Oakland.
MAN of 30, with som-» experience in cabinet-
making and mlllwivk, wants any kind of
work; shop or factory preferred. Box 3905,
Call office. ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦
WANTED— By middle-aged American man
with references, situation In private family
-as butler; good home with modest wages de-
sired. Box 3944, Call office. - ,
POSITION as cashUr by. young man of ex-
perience: restaurant preferred; can keep
books. Box 3950, Call office.
AfeSAYER several years' experience, has own
outfit, wishes position with mining company;
best of references. Box 3343. Call office.
POSITION wanted by experienced valet; club
or private gentleman; reference. Box 3999,
Call otflce.
EXPERIENCED young man desires a position
as assistant engineer or fireman, In mines
preferred. Box 769, Call office.-
EXPERIENCED office man wishes situation as
bookkeeper, accountant or other office work;
eecurity given if wanted. A. B. box 722, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
cjbecrlptlons , has been established at 1091
Valencia st.
CHEAPEST, and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In the
United Ptate*. po«tp«H, for »1 per year..
_~_._., EX 9 I !- Ay 5»- E J : J -,.'^^^.^.^^.*
IF you want to buy, sell or exchange anything
on earth, nee E. J. LUNDIN, 935 Market St.;
500 shares gilt edge oil etock; sacrifice. "
,^^J3XTEXSION, J°f.^J^£7Jgg2^~ _^.
EXTENSION of Proteet-Captaln Th. Henke,
master of the German. ship Gertrud (Q. O.
D. T.), will extend his protest on Wednes-
day, December 26, 1900, at 10 o'clock a. m.,
at the office of the Imperial German consulate
¦ at this city, 318 Sacnmento et. San Fran-
cisco. December 21. ' 1900. O. LOHAN, Im-
pcrlal German Vice Consul. .»
A WEEK'S news for 5c— The Weekly Call, 18
pages. In wrapper, for mailing, }1 per year.
! FLATS TO L.ET.
BRYANT ave., 2740, near Twenty-flfth— Sunny
flat, 7 rooms, $15. " ¦ . . ,
FURNISHED ¦ Bunny flat. 5 rooms; J>ath; ?25j
gas and coal stoves. 263B,' Octavia st.
HARRISON, 1122B— 6-room flat; modern lm-
provements; must bo seen 'to 'be appreciated.
IF you v-jmt to move set printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN' & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN 4 rooms and bath; yard and cellar.
312 Waller st., near Flllmore.
NICE sunny flat. 4 rooms and bath. 18% Wash-
lngton ave..: off Mission, bet. ;- 9th • and 10th.
6-ROOM flat, 609 Grove 6t., $18; 6-room flat
609% Grove St.. $22 E0. ¦-«¦¦-
$7 — 4-ROOM flats on Victor St.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery, 941 Bryant.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. U pages, sent to any nddress In the
United States or Canada, one year for Il't • t
FLATS TO LET~FUR.MSHED.
FURNISHED flat for gale; furnishings and flat
. . brand new; rent • $30; location • choice. ¦ Ad-
dresa A. B.. box 39SQ. Call office. .¦¦ .
FRATERNAL. ¦
"CHOSEN FRIENDS" who are not over «5 and
In good . health will find a proposition that
'will . Interest them . by calling on or wrltlnar
to ¦ S A. D. ' JONES. 413 Claus Spreckels
building.*, city. ¦ i .-¦ . ..> .. • \
_-. FUllXITCltE. FOR SALE. ;
4 ROOMS furnished In oak J48 40, with No 7
..-; range. i King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131: Market.
FLAT * for : sale " cheap. - Inquire at . 633 Geary '
Bt., between 10 and 12 a. m. - f-
PURXITIJRB WASTED.
CHAfi. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
TO receive highest value for fur., carpets, etc.
see W. E. CODY. 757 Mission, tel. Red 8853.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1S05 Larkin; tel. Polk 691;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
HELP WAKTED— -FEMALE.
C B. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S3
..HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, first-class hotel, $30; wait-
resses for Marysville, $22 50 and $20; Gait.
$20; Bakersfield, $20, . fare paid; Napa. $20;
Pacific Grove. $20. fare paid: Colusa, $20.
fare paid; Lathrop, $20; S waitresses, south.
$20, free fare, see party here ; 4 waitresses,
oity, $20; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20; res-
taurant waitresses, $C and $7... ...."..
• • FAMILT DEPARTMENT
House girl. 2 In family, Sonora, $30; house
girl on ranch. Martlne.. J20, see party here;
house girl in bakery. $20; cook and second
girl or mother and daughter, city. $40; sec-
ond girl, choice place, $25; others, -$20; cooks,
house girls, second girls, city and country,
very highest wages.. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary at. ' -
GIRL, 16 years, old, to assist in light house-
work and help with children; good home. Call
. at 3S Hancock st., bet. Eighteenth and Nlne-
teenth. Church and Sanchez.
WANTED— Immediately, young girl to wait at
table nnd wash dishes; must sleep at home;
wages $3 50 per week. 2S35 Bush st. •
A FIRST-CLASS cook wanted immediately at
900 Ccvlsadero st., corner McAllister; good
references required.
A SWEDISH working man wants a Scandina-
vian working girl as partner in a poultry
business. Box 3377, Call.
DRESSMAKER to take charge of small shop;
Bteady position; none but perfect and com-
petent modiste need apply. Box 3976, Call.
4 REFINED and Intelligent canvassers, ladles,
at living salary and liberal commission; must
have experience and furnish reference. Ad-
dress Helpers, box 338*, Call office.
WANTED— A lady for housework; good home,
fair pay to right party; call after 2 p. m.
116 Taylor st.
EXPERIENCED forelady for underskirts and
children's wear in large factory. Box S9S7,
Call office.
WANTED— Woman, energetio and 'willing to
travel. Box 3386. Call.
WANTED— Neat colored woman to do mending.
Box 5992. Call office.
ELDERLY lady to care for infant during the
night: good home. 4 Hartford st-
SPECIAL— McDowell Dressmaking and Milli-
nery School Invites you to see our beautiful
holiday offer to those entering before Jan. 1st;
millinery course same as Polytechnic: patterns
cut to order. MCDOWELL'S, 1019 Market st. j
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par- 1
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED — Girl for general housework, small
family. Apply Saturday between 1 and S p.
. m., or Monday between 9 and 12, 2342 Post st,
YOUNG girl to assist In housework and care
of baby. Call at 1042 Ellis st,
A — WANTED — An attendant for children In an
institution near city, $25 per month, board,
room and laundry; a woman not under 30
years of age and of a kind disposition re-
quired. W. D. EWER & CO., €10 Clay st.
i
SEWING Machine operators wanted at Levl
Strauss & Co.'s overall factory, 32tf Fremont
et. Apply to MR. DAVIS. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 F411more st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C93
Valencia st.
HELP AVANTED-BIALE.
A— MTTRRAT & READT Phone Main 6843
..Leading- Employment and Labor Agents..
., WANT 7 A. M. MONDAT
Buggy washers, city and country stables, $55
and $30; cabinetmaker, city; carriage painter:
elngle-hand miners. {60; laborers. $45; 3
farmers and wives, J40; vineyard pruners,
farm hands and teamsters; milk wagon
driver; we pay fare for ttemakers. 9c to
12o each, tools and- provisions furnished;
woodchoppers, Jl to $3 per cord. MURRAY
&, READY, 634-836 Clay Bt.
A— HOTEL. DEPARTMENT
Butcher, country; cook and wife, country ho-
tel, $50 and fd. ; man and wife, mine board-
ingr-house; chef aud other cooks. |60, $40 and
130; waiters. $10 week and J30 and fd.; twUter-,
country shop. MURRAY & READY. 634-636
Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.. PHONE GRANT 1SS
RAILROAD WORK
TEAMSTERS
'. LABORER3
TUNNELMEN
FREE FARE FREE FARE
50 tlerrakers, lie and 12c a tie; 2 asphalt min-
ers $2 a day: Scandinavian or German coach-
man, good references, $30; German or Scandi-
navian milker, $30 to $&i '.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Barkeeper for hotel In Arizona, $35 and found
and free fare; 3 hotel waiters, country, $30..
2 colored waiters.* country hotel. $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International ! Union
free employ, bureau: only recog. union bar-
bers. 115 Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. Less, sec.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. II. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
A— One bench hand. 2 foremen for planing
mllle. 1 woodturner. 1 shaper hand, 1 cabinet
maker, 1 plasterer to put on Alpine, boss
plumber to figure on a large Job; all non-
union. Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 410
Kearny St., room 9. - '
WANTED— Neat, clean office boy; good place
¦for gcod boy: must be quick and obedient;
bis of Bee; ?3 week to begin. Address box
33S9. Call office. ; - *•
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
Civil Service examination without illustrated
catalogue of Information: sent free. Columbi-
an Correspondence College, Washington, D. C.
MAN to permanently represent us. managing
local branch ; salary Jl$ per week and ex-
penses. MFRS.., 390 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
EXPERIENCED cutter for ladles' shirt waists
and underwear. BAUER BROS.' CO.. ?1
Sansome at.
WANTED— Tailors for seatroom. 803 Montgom-
ery, third floor, room 6; machine furnished.
WANTED— Flrst-class agent. Call S27 Market
St.", room 218, second floor.
WANTED— Tailors. ROOS BROTHERS, 25-37
Kearny st. u
WANTED— A flrst-class dishwasher. 13 Eddy
street.
A DISHWASHER wanted at 922 Battery st.
WANTED— Cook. 2C4 Sixth st.
WANTED— Cook at 1506 Kentucky St.. Potrero.
WANTED— An experienced can washer for
dairy. 1408 Peylsadero at.
DISHWASHER wanted at S08 Mission st.
WANTED— Locksmith or vise hand. WM. H.
GUTZMAN. 1706 Dwight way. Berkeley. Cal.
STEADY, sober man for kitchen; email restau-
. rant. 633 Mission st. ,
TIDY man for pantry and light porter work.
Capital Restaurant, 206 McAllister st.
BARBERS. - attention — 4-chalr barber shop on
central Market st. : flrst-class fixtures; good
Increasing trade; selling on account of going
t East. Apply 103 Murphy building.
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians, firemen,
free Scholarship in engineering will be award-
ed a few well-recommended applicants. Am.
School of • Correspondence. Boston. Mass.
GENTLEMAN . of Indomitable ' energy and
push : good opportunity to right man. F.
PERSON, room 412, . Parrott building.
FAITHFUL persons to travel; salary J7S0 and
expenses; no canvassing; Inclose seif-adressed
stamped envelope. Colonial Co., Chicago.
WANTED— All-round butcher for country town
who plays cornet or barytone; good Job; young
man preferred. Address box 3961, Call office.
YOUNG man about 18 to learn barber tradit
free; prlvatejahop. Box 8339, Call office. .
ORNAMENTAL' brass and iron workers. S F
Novelty Works, corner Bay and Stockton sts.| ,
WANTED— Young man In tin - shop to learn
trade; 17, years of age. 633 Mission St.
BOYS wanted for the holidays. Apply at 607
Market st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
-;._ to SOcr 663 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Popular, man employed In the me-
chanical department' of the Union Iron Works
to represent us during his leisure moments •
. 1100 per week for next year can easily be
9 £cail >t og y - Addre " 1P COnfldence
MSN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight ¦
weeks required: position guaranteed: special
BAR^R^OLLEGE 0 . 8^, C fay%t U ° LER ' S
w «t^ T £' D 7 100 5 1 ' !n to take rooms. 10c.: 13c and
r 20c. Boston House.- £30 Howard at. "¦/ - T ;
AJ i T £PT; Laborer8 ana * mechanics to know
, | that Ed Rolkin, | Reno House proprietor. sUU
runs Denver House. £17 Third St.; -large
rooms; -25c per night; U to $2 per weekT
, help WAirrKiw-aL-----
"WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
S. Navy, able bodied unmarriedmen of good
character, between the ages of Tl and 35: not
lees than 5 feet 4 inches and not over « feet
1 inch in height; able to read, write and
Bpeak English. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Res-rultlng Office. 40 Ellis
St.. San Francisco. Cal. ' ,
FIRST-CLASS barber shop for sale; fin?** Jg"
cation in Oakland. Call atAVILL & FI>.CK S.
S13 Market St.. San Francisco. »
PENSIONS— J. H. Shevard A Co.. old reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard St..
8. F. Barber School. __
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands:
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 2Sc night: reading-rooms; free
•bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. gOO Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an4
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia st.
HE.MOKRHOIPS.
ANT^case "oY"p»es. Piles. Piles. Piles: over !00
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments; no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physteian. box 19SO. Call.
UOKSBS. LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagone, buggies^
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth at.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, IS pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for dr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES WASTED.
HOUSE with largo grounds for garden In or
as near city as possible. Address box 20C3,
Call office. ______________
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. RAYMOND-Strictly 'reliable:' teaches
hypnotism in five lessons for jS. 99T Market st.
INVALID CIIA1KS AND TKICVCLKS.
BOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. KAME3 Tricycle Co.. tlOO Market st.
LOST ASP FOOXD.
LEFT on boat San Rafael on Monday, the 17th,
a valise with name MRS. V. J. B. CHEDA.
San Rafael. Return to Marin County Bank,
San Rafael; liberal reward; or Mr. Charles
Grand>ean, with Shreve & Co., Jewelers.
FUR cape with foreign letter in pock«t; taken
from Saratoga Hall. Dec. 8. $20 paid and no
Questions asked for return to HANA PADDA.
SS9 Fulton at. ; ;
LOST— A green leather purse containing money
and certificate of deDosit. Return to Anna
M, Chllberg. 1320 Market St.; reward.
LOST — Gold eyeglassea in steel case at Cali-
fornia Theater. Return 217 Kearny st.
LOST— Embroidered centerpiece, vicinity Kear-
ny and Sutter. Thursday; reward. 1313 Taylor.
B1ATRIMUMAL.
ALL gentlemen wishing to marry wealthy seed
10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ. 7M Ellis -t.
_ MEDICAX*.
MRS, TdrTkOHL. 997 Market St., cor. Sixth—
Fafe and reliable ladles' physician; treatment
$5; positive cure guaranteed: when others fall
consult, free. MRS. PR. KOHL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs."
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any aliment; home for patients; con-
sul tfr^e^BWPosts^^be^JIy^^dJLarkln^
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES, 1228 Market— Ladies'
specialists; ST years' practice: positive cure
guaranteed: ladies treated can return same
cay; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps dr.
DRS. GOODWIN, 1007^4 Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years" practice In S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1C35 Market— Ladles' spe-
ciallst; safe and sure cure. $3: best care; low
fees: when all others fail consult free.
LADIES' Home Rem,edy Co., 212 Ellis st_ Pri-
vate diseases of women; satisfaction guaran-
teed or money refunded: sanatorium.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 111S Market st.
DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years for female
troubles. S23 Kearny st.; call and see me.
MRS. DR. GWTER. ladies' specialist; horn*
for patients. M4 Eddy st.
DR. NG TOT KEB cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 Sacramento St.. near Kearny.
~ MIXES AM> MIMSC.
COPPER— Montezuma copper— is quite the rage.
Some hundreds of people have Invested In It
during the past month. Mr. E. V. Cowell,
a well-known mlnlnjf man of Mexico, has
15.000 shares; he will not sell them. Dr. H.
D. Livingstone of Santa Maria, CaL, Is the
owner of 15.000 shares that he does not care
to part with. The Vulcan Smelting and Re-
fining Company of San Francisco has 6000
shares, and Is bargaining for more. Two
well-known employes -of the Mountain Cop-
per Company of Keswick, Shasta County, hold
M00 shares each, and wish they could af-
ford to buy more while the price Is low
(they know the value of a good copper stock).
Many others, equally shrewd, hold from 1000
to £000 shares each, and are adding to their
holdings from month to month, cheerfully
paying the advanced price necessary to se-
cure the stock. It is good etock, and he who
falls to become the owner of a goodly block
at the "ground floor" price works himself
an Injustice. The Montezuma Mining Com-
pany has 18 fine copper properties la Wash-
ington. It is a big, strong, safe company,
and under the laws of Washington its stock
Is non-assessable. % The price is low— & cents
per share cash, or 6 cents on Installments.
For detailed Information see the classified
columns of to-day's San Francisco Bulletin
or write to us for prospectus. Maps and
ores at our office. THE AMERICAN GUAR-
ANTT AND TRUST CO., selling agente, M0
Safe Deposit building. San Francisco. CaL
ailSCELLANEOUS-^FOn SAI__,.
BOILERS. Engines. Zd-hand machinery /"°Me>
1NTOSH & WOLPMAN, 19,-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we rlwuys
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made*
we can ship everything in 24 hour*, j'
NOONAN, 1017, 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission st
above Sixth; write for catalogue. "
AN opportunity to secure rich, reliable Jewels
and other handsome holiday girts at half
store prices; make your selection early
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave,
BUT a brand new typewriter for $5 Jown and
$5 per month: write for catalogue and price
TTPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 CallfornU
St.; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
A PURE white solitaire diamond shirt stud
i weighing 1 karat for only $75; Is a bargain at
$125. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave?
SECOND-HAND "Locomobile" : having new
boiler made; delivered In 8 weeks. GEO A.
ALDRICH. 1255 Market st. !~~, ¦ *?-.
DIAMOND collar buttons, suitable for holiday
gifta, at half store prices. UNCLE HARRIS
15 Grant avenue. - ~»*«.
GAS engine, one horsepower, $75; can be seen
at work. Shirt Store. 635 Valencia st.
SINGING canaries. $2 each; large bird cage-
. also pair of bantams. $2. 124 Eureka. st '
Tg^S^eeXr- „'? "* * »
2D-HAND steam,' gas; oil. water and air ma-
ch}r-»ry. bought and sold. White. 618 Mission.
C so^j-a u |^_; or 8t.' alo; . PriM ""*• R<5isr *
MISCEI/_A?TEOUS FOR. IA1S.
FUR cap*a; drummen' samples at one-half n-
tallers* prloea. Cal. Loan Office. 22 Stockton.-
A-100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. two-<lrtU
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 23> Fremont st,
FINE old three-quarter violin: Keith & Pn>w!«.
London. 162 Jessie, cor. Annie, opp- Palace.
2 SHARES People's Mutual Telephone Co.
stock. X25 per sharei Box 3953. Call offlc*.
A LADT wishes to dispose of diamond tnar-
qulse ring. Apply box 3985. Call office.
ANGORA kitten: a beauty: nice- Christmas
present. 3313 Clay st. ______——
$8-SINGER family sewing machine for sale at
a bargain. 700 Eddy st.
ELITE gum piles for sale. Apply PAUL. KEY-
PER. 208 Clay St. _________
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wo.xi
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Rurke 1C3 Pealf.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROOH Jlfff. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and masts iantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 10* 3fonttroniery st.
10-TON" Fairbanks scale and Cre and burglar
rroof safe. 21S California Ft.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HElt-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-43 Sacnmento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hanrl; moving
pictures. BULLARD & ERECK. 131 Poat »t.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
TTALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market »*.. 8an Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WAJITS.
WANTED—CO black kittens for "Naughty
Anthony." Apply Alcazar Theatar, Monday
at S o'clock.
WASTED— To buy a s«eond-hand gacoltne en-
gine, 3 or 4 horsepower. Apply room J. Zi
Sansome st.. 8. F.
BILLIARD table wanted: on« In good order;
si-a 4>ix9 Address, stating price, room 147.
Hotel Pteasanton.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 934 Folsotn; tel. Folsom 1191.
WANTED — ITprlght piano for cash. H. I_
WHITKHEAD. 1710 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANT unmnt on furniture, planoa. -without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In installments or aa a whole; If you
owe a balance on tha purchase price we wtli
pay It and carry the loan aa long as you ds-
slre; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first: you win be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 63-g> Donohoe bldg.. 117. Market.
AA— BEST rates and cosiest terma.
Second Mortgages.
Interest in Estates
Undivided Interest In Heal Estate..
Financial problems of all sorta c_nd •'»_
solved by HERMAN MXTRPHT. «30 M-r^j.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture^ pianos. «ta: do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 904 Market st-
ANT amount at 8 per cent; 1st. Id and Sd mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In. pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. I.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4S Market
st.; tel. Main 1S44. Branch 13 Third at.
A— $500,000 cn city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
<?ral-. J. BROWN3TONEX U Montgomery St.
MOST reliable r>lac» to borrow on diamond-,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price f >r old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANT amount, lowest rates, on furnltur*. etc.:
no removal, no commission; strictly eonflden-
tlal. Room -. Conservatory bids-. 301 Jones.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 223 Sansome. rm. 2.
CASH loaned on salaries. New York plan.
THE TOUSLBY CO.. 321 Farrott bldg.
V% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Koom 81. S Eddy Bt.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs. ; city, country; V~ o undi-
vided ints. ; estates. HARPE31. SS7 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 388 Parrott build-
ing: men can secure loans on personal note.
MONET to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market st.. rocm 1.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal ; confiden-
tial; on diamonds, etc. S3 Taylor st.
CASIT loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORAEXJ-, 609 Examiner buildinsr.
TO salaried people without collateral, or In-
dorser. 8. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phrtan bl !.
A 'WEEK'S news far 5 cents — The 'Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
MONEY WA5TED.
ANT proportion, any amount; • per cent; first,
second mortgages, estate* In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN A OLl'K.V.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANT penon having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay Sl Co.'b with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose front. Each the best
of their grade, from Btelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Stetnway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $3 cash an<l
$8 per month. We offer to sell some goal
pianos for $3, 14 and $5 per month. , SHER-
MAN. CLAT — CO.. Btetnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter eta., San Francisco;
corner Broadway and. Thirteenth st.. Oak-
land.
NOTWITHSTANDING our enormous sales of
the past few days. w« are still able to o?!>r
* few bargains for holiday gifts. Good piano*
as low as $100 and many styles at almost
your own price. Open evenings. llAUVAIti,
763 Market st. [_
DO not be deceived by alluring promise* ef any
one to give you something for nothing, but
come to a reliable firm like ours and pay a
fair price and get a piano that will wear an.
give satisfaction. You never make a mistake
when you buy a Decker & Son. Packard or
Baumelster. See them and be convinced.
MAUVAI3 MUSIC CO.. 763 Market gt,
A CHEAT clearing up sale; all 1300 atylas __
per cent discount. Net bargains for holidays;
Guild $3.<
ISmersen ....-*» tr.
Fisher jv->
Decker -_,.... .....$'.:"¦
Stetnway upright, slightly used .._ fls5
Chlckering r.J
Hallett & Davis „ $4?r.
Heine $4S5
Rent allowed; Installments, $3 down, $3 per
month trp; open evenings. HEINE PIANO
CO.. J17 O>-ry st. _
ABSOLUTELT the oldest and largest hou»a
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 28.
IS and 30 O'Farrell St.; planoa, organs anil
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ¦
A BIG sale of pianos cow going on; alt pianos
at reduced prices; fine large one, $123; num-
ber on time limited; agency Chlckerlng. Ma-
son & Hamltn. Vose. Sterling, etc BE^'J.
CURTAZ & SON. 18 OTarreil st.; open even-
ings.
BARGAINS— Pianos on etorase almost gtvpn
away; also car fine new Dlanos stored from
factory: must be sold at once to realize stor-
age and freight: installments; open evenings.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1710 Market st-
LAST call— A few of the late arrivals of up-
rights left; must be sold: easy terms. DEV.'-
1NG COMPANY, room U. Flood buUdlng. ¦
PIANO for sale at 2005}j Harrison st. ; a great
bargain. Call and examine between 9 a, m.
and 13 m. o'clock.
BYRON SIAUZY. agency Sohmer * Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Spcllman pianos. 8CS Pest.
SPECIAL sale— Immense rwluctiens: see our
leader, only $150. BRL'ENX. 2C3 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS upright piano fcr sale cheap;
must sell. 815 Laguna st.
A GOOD banjo, mandolin or guitar In ejections?
for typewriter. Box 39C9. Call office.
LARGE- 3-pedal upright piano, used 6 n». : leav-
ing city. 419 Van Ness ave.. nr. McAllister.
THREE-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain:
owner leaving city. ZZ33 Mission st.
GREAT many bargains In 2nd"-hjpd I uprishts;
small Installments. Horcung. 21S McAhister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Ste^t. " a i^ rJX * n i £?"*
| over & others. W. B. ALLI.N & CO.. 314 Post.
A 5£T3K
B m S oIth" Vo^-C^r^l^^st 13 _^
PIANO, fine upright, must be sold [by Jtonday;
great sacrifice; $150- l-^> Mission s>.
t>t- i ttttitt t L S-t>edal uprighr piano: standard
g £akff 1 !e-Tli-. P clty: used 2 mo. TO EU___
SUPERIOR violins, tlthen. old "'»««-¦."* J
MVLLER. maker, repairer. - Latham piac?^
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upricht plan^.
SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister St.. next Hib. Bank.
CHICKERING upright, left on storage, VIST.
Room SS. m Geary st. ¦
CHEAPEST and beat to America— Tha Weekly
Call. 1« pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year tor jl,
postag. paid.THE BAN FEANCISCO CALL, SXnS"DAY, DECEMBER 23, 19OO.
29
OPFICEg AXD STORES TO LET.
A — MARKET *_ etore: 2 fronts; _2__7S feat*
concrete basement: 11S2 Market ; at reduced
rent good ter.art. FPUCK _. CO.. 687 Market.
6^** tooi chance for STOcery busineaa.
1-2B Harrison st-
_ OIL. ~
THE ccly ir.i£> of the Kern River -litrlct,
showing --.-aers, wells, rigs aad roads to date;
$2 en p_r*-r; *3 mounted; absolutely complete;
limited number. See or write GEO. XV. Al'S-
T 1^"-- 1^" 0 *™' ° 11 Mills bulld-
,~C, S. I 7 . .
-COO PP-OMO": ION chares la an A No. 1 oil com-
f£.. r ca t n5fV.__ oek POW "*"*« " «*• B °«
'TJ^T 11 -, 8 - TOp Lrr_. _» Pine street.
MEMM-R PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
< ..-nir.try r.,-~»f ponflence solicited.
OU. 1-AJSU_ FOR SALE.
KERN" Ii!ver Oil Lands— Proven territory la
the «ell-known tract of "Grace Oil Co." for
•aie; also other cil land for sale or lease; mast
wonderful oil fleld known; ever 630 feet of oil
£_.__; buy Irora owners and Bave commissions -
have b«*n In field rrota start; will givo you
rfn\r_ < S e _ r £ r * atsy loc - lit 7- NEWTON.
CARMAN & SOMES. ICl Chronicle bid*.. San
Fraccls-o: 416 Douglas Block. Los Angeles:
Pouth«*i-n Hotel. Bakergf.eld.
i:oo ACHES prospective ell land. Kings County;
fe^ acres, chenp. Kern County; title U. 6.
patent. JEROME ENGLISH. .1 Montgomery.
C 5 T : I ' VPKST * n< l *>ert In America— The Weekly
r-*il. It pares, eent to any eddrevs In the
' " '—* F*-te» rr Cur.aaa one year for $1.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROilE FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
T-ylrrr ft., trot. G-ary and Pott: tel. Bliu-k RSI.
PlJEXl S AN it PENSIONS.
•A.DVICE free: co charge unless aucee-sral.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner tag.
PERSONALS.
OTTEN McCA.BE. lmoorter. dealer In feathers:
fca_r mattreee and pillow manufactory; old
fe_the.-s rer.ov«ue<J _na purlied; nil feathers
eold warrected well dressed with my patent
steam renovator. S70 Miealon. tel. Jessie llli.
TTANTKD TO JOTOW— Where_bo-t« of AX-
DREW M. BUHR: left his home about 17
reer- ago ?cr California. Any Information will
be s-_teru!iy received by his daughter. LOT.
TIE BUHR. PoUok. Angelina Co.. Texa..
WnxXVV having small property wonld like to
m»et gentleman of honor who would assist
her in deposing of aaxae. Box 8882, Call.
EASTETtN rest, JS. In business, wishes to
meet resoeotabie working girl: object matrt-
mony; brunette pr-f erred. Box t9tS. Call.
GENTLEMAN withes to form ae<i__r.tance of
refined Jafly; object, casxrimony. Box S874,
Call c*ee.
THE Star Hair Remedy Is t_» only preparation
that win reetcra gray and faded hair to nat-
vrs.1 eoler end at the cam* time cure dandruff
ir.! e--z- rr.a cf the ccal?, stop falling and
rrow new hair: therefore the best and the
cheapest; 6Old by druggists and hairdressers.
•A PRETTT little blonde rirl 2 year* old for
adoption in a good home. -IRS. DR. FUNICE,
1416 Eighth st., Alame_a.
IF voar hsir falling out or rray? Then call at
the Hlreutine Co. and get a guaranteed cure
from MRP. E. R. DU.VLAP. < Eddy et-.
rooms "2 and "I.
GHAT, falling: hair ere feared: fakers palm off
dnllar-bottle cure ails. Stamp. DR. KUES-
TEIJ, US3 Franklin rt.. Oakland, lor cause.
cure.
CAN'CER curra at home fcy internal treatment;
" co knife. : '.after cr pain; bock aad testi-
• rror.lals mailed free. Cancer Institute. 121
¦\Yert Forty-second tt_. N. Y.
XIAO carpets wove to order and for eale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer la
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
ra.:e«. GEO. MATTHEWS. ?M> Fifth, Oakland.
EEFIKED, eiiucat.S gentleman, 43. with best
references, would correecond with lady of
r-eans; object matrimony; correeponfience
¦ tbEoIute'.y confidential. Address box S36T, Call.
Al.FP.EDfMS Egrptlaa Henna; restores gray
).E.:r to its natural color; $1: at ell druggists.
POSTAL cerfs with views exchanged for col-
lections. Address ABRAM CH1RICH. Bel-
irraae. Servla, Europe.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
>ears' experience. J. B. RAY. 137 Jessie st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South 792,
made to order, renovated; honest work giiar-
er-teed; feather? anl ha!r cleansed; Sr.e uphol-
etery; foods carefully packed for shipment cr
HOPKE BROS.. SIS aad 220 11th St.
PICTURES and picture frames of all descrip-
tions made to order; portraits enlarged; \re
<".-> ail U;nds of framlr.g. California Frame Co .
'&'". Htwr.rd: <jp«n evenings; tel. Howard 11/73.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third rt.. near Market; 700 rooms;
23c to tl 50 per right; tl BO to tt per week;
free 'bus end baggage to and from the ferry.
EuperSuous hair removed with electric needle;
e!eotrte roller facial treatment for wrinkles;
oil branches taught. Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
HAlIt ri>t'tive!y grown en bald htafie by pur-ly
v«"_.:_Ll» c-inround. nr»>lute jc:ooi. Csll ir
Bddresg DR. G. S. MOORE. <SS Geary st.. S.F.
FUITS to crdf-r on lnFtalimects; tlS upward; tl
a -.eck. LEON LEMOP. 1117 Market st., be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel Iron 1>«^5«. ringle. three-<j_arter
cr double. J_ __. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. J310-12U Ptockfn Et., r.ear Broadway.
FINE t-ults. S10; <Jre** pant*. J2 7_ MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLOUS. 437 Montgomery st,
A— S3 TO DERBY and Frfcra hats, fl 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. £30 Kearay St.. near Pine.
DANICKEFF Fell* holiday glove ordem.good for
glove* r»*tdy-rr.a4e or to order. 121 Grant ave.
Masquerade costume*, piay books, wigs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt. j
tin. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
fon cure; _5c; all dr-gglgts.
•VITS to order on eary pavments. Art Tailor-
1r? Col. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD cold fiiver. diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL, ?17 Market St.
CHEAPEST ar.d best la America— The- Weekly
Call. 16 r&~fe, ser.t to any address In the
fnited States cr Canada one year for Jl,
Tyxtag* paid. ~ --•• ..-•¦;
FHYSICIAJfS A7TD SURGEONS.
DR. C C O'DONKKLL— Offlce an- residence.
BCTj Market st.. between Sixth snd Seventh.
CANCERS and tumorn cured without surgical
opera tion. DR. J. H. REEVK. 2P4 Kearny.
PROPEIITV WASTED.
TVANTTP — Cottage 4 or 5 rooms; high base-
men : Mission. Box 3?7S. Call office.
REAL ESTATE— CITY FOR SAVE.
EASTOX, ELDRIDGE & CO..
33S MARKET STREET.
BUEII ETREET INVESTMENT.
|55,OGO— Near Powell «.; rents 11465 per annum;
KS flats, S. 7 and 7 rooms and bath.
NEW-ELEGANT— MODERN IN DE-
ELLIS ETREET CORNER.
1*3,000— J etGreis, 2 flat*: itnts 11117 per annum;
lot JT:6 frontage and running back to
rear st,
ENAP IN THE MISSION.
$S,50»-Nortbea«t corner on Twenty-first *t.
rear Mission; 3 fine bay-window houses
of 6 rooms and bath: a! ways rented for
JX40 per annum; JUKE OFFER.
TAP.K PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
$7,000— Reduced from J7VW; cost $3009; large.
. Irian:, modern rt*ldence; S rooms and
Ui.'.; Lyon »t-; let 2-xlOO.
MUST BE SOLD.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$4 75»— Two rubBtsEtlal, extra well built flats
cf I and 6 ro->r_3 and bath; S3 feet 6
<nchee wide; rent* !<S9 per annum;
Twenty-first ft., r.ear Valencia.
FULTON STREET COTTAGE.
t2,S0— Substantial, well truflt modern cottar*
of 5 rooms and bath; brick foundation;
f-ft. basen-.ent; near Baker St.: rents
J_2 .0; a cheap Western Addition borne.
. TEHAMA STREET INVESTMENT.
J3 000— Near r*curth «t.; front house. 7 roomi
and porcelain bath; rear bouse, 4 rooms;
lot 2SxS0; rents S3- SO.
NEW. ELEGANT MODERN COTTAGE.
$2,E0O— 6 rooms and baih; porcelain bath; tile
rr.rr.!f':s; every modern improvement;
light end ron in every room: level lot;
close ts - car lines; Sanchez st,
EAETOX, KLDRIDCB * CO..
62S Market street-
C. C. EI-M1S, ReAl Estate and General _____
Agent, 22* Montgomery Bt.
U_ke offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh.
• r.c Oouglae* pts. ; mun be sold; £(hcllt feet.
IICOO— North line Carl Et,, near Btaayan; 2sz
127 :f fet. ' - ., ' '¦
ALL mortm of financial problems sotred by H.
UL'1'.PHT, CSO Market; Sd mortgages; estates.
REAL ¦ ESTATE— CITT— FOR 8 AJVI-.
O. H. CVB3SN _ CO.
REAL. ESTATE AGENTS.
tit iuvl » u MONTGOMERY 8T.
?«.ow-Ri>nts $_.» per annum; corner on Elev-
enth «t. near Market: 106x100 t_;*«
•-» »/i *"""•«" ot 9 rooms and bath each.
»2s.K»— Rents $130 per month; near Franklin
ea<l Ellis sts.; 3 nice new flats ot 7, 7
mi ma « 8 room* -ad bath each: lot 25x100.
ni.S-0-.Rents $1140 per annum; corner on Eddy
St.; store and ! fiats and 2-story house:
_. ___ lot 25x100 feet, with an L. 25r27.
¥l_,«00— Rent* S1060 per annum: park flats; S el- ,
egant new modern Oats, facing the
ti-r M P*-ksn_!e oa Fell 't.; 25xlS7:6w
$HtO»-Re_ts $SI 20 per month; fine business
rroperty on Mission et., near the post-
« office; nearly new; lot 25x55.
*l_.ooo— Fine corner, occupied as a grocery;
In good neighborhood; store and « rooms
and upper flat of 7 rooms and bath;
portion of lot vacant, which can be Im-
proved to advantage with email stores;
oiortsace of 17000 can remain if de-
sired; lot 51x100.
$12,000— Rer.ts J115 per month; 3 choice cozy bay-
window flats on the sunny elde of But-
ter et.. containing 6 rooms and bath
each: proj>erty In excellent order; lot
3S_u::6.
$10,000— Rents $960 per annum: Ellis St.; 3 ele-
gant new modern flats of 7 rooms and
bath each; 2Cxl20 to rear street.
$S,000— Nice corner residence. Western Addi-
tion; nicely situated home; fine view;
containing 9 rooms and bath; bay-win-
dows; brick foundation; original coot of
Improvements and lot, $14,000; house 7
years old: let Ti:$%xlU.
$1.000— Rents $7M per annum;-. co2y bay-win-
dow bouses of 7 rooms and bath each;
Devisadero Bt.. cluee to California; must
be sold to close an estate.
SS.OOO— Must be sold; 2 nice flats of 8 and 7
looms and bath each; on Hytle st,
close to Butter; renting low to perma-
nent tenants at iad per month; lot 25
feet front.
$8.000 — Rents $«7_ per annum; Tehama St., near
Third; several tenements and lot 4 I HM
feet.
$€,000— Bay-window residence of 9 rooms and
bath; sunny ride of Page st. ; lot 25x112
$1.259 — Rents $792 per annum; price greatly re-
duced to close tae estate: near Sixth
and Harrison st?.; 7 flats and lot 50x30
feet; this is a barraln and no reason-
able offer refused.
$S, 000— Rents $42 per month; fine grocery cor-
ner near Haight and Fillmore sts.; store
and flat; rood business location; both
streets accepted by the city.
$4,000— Rents $624 per annum; 6 tenements and
lot 60x80; neer Sixth and Brannan sts.
JS.EOO — Rente fSZ per month; roust b« sold by
order of bank; 2 flats of 5 and S rooms
and bath each, and cottage . on rear
street of 6 rooms and bath; lot 87:ix
120; Greenwich St., close to Fillmore; a
reasonable offer will be entertained.
$3,600 — Rants $32 per month: 2 sunny flats of 4
and S rpoms and bath each; on Guerre-
ro st,, close to Twenty-second; this
property is In tha wana belt of the
Mission; half block from Twenty-sec-
©nd-*L. electric cars and the Guerrero-
•t. electric cars pass the door.
New pocket map of San Francisco County,
25 cents.
Choice list of building lots In every part cf
th« city at prices to cult.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records." which contains a list of properties
for eale In all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
LTON & HOAG 114 MONTGOMERY ST.
$?10O— Rent $24; good Investment on Harrison
ave., near Folsom and Seventh sts.;
double house: eame tenants for years.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$4500— Rent $40; good flats on Colden Gate ave. :
built about 3 years; always rented; lot
Jixl37:6; a snaii.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$5000— Howard, near Twenty^fourth : large cot-
tare of 8 rooms, etc.; great big lot. 45x
Hz; lot alor.e worth the money.
BARGAIN ON M'ALLISTER ST.
$3500— Three-story bulMing: Cats; rent $33; lot
2Sxl37:6; must be sold to cloee partner-
ehlp account; assessed value $3500.
FILJ-MORE STREET COTTAGE.
$3000— Contains 5 rooms and bath; lot 86_87:8;
commands fine marine view; mortgage
$l£00 can remain.
$400 CASH; BALANCE $35 MONTHLY.
$5100 — Handsome home on Castro St., near
Twenty-third; contains 7 large rooms,
bath and all conveniences; size lot. 25
-105.
$5250— Great snap; Presidio Heights residence:
modern: contains 7 rooms, bath, etc.;
lot 25 by over 100 feet; Clay St.; large
mortgage can remain; this Is a real bar-
gain In a swell part of town.
$V60O— Rent $30; splendid new building: con-
tains 3 handsome flats, 6 rooms and bath
¦ each; all rented; cboice location; noth-
ing better for the price in the market.
1*600 — Nice flats on Eighteenth Bt. ; 4 and 5
rooms; porcelain baths; rent $33; this is
really a bargain.
$2500 — A forced eale; Chattanooga, near
T— 'enty-third; a good cottage, 5 rooms
and attic: let .1x117:6 to alley.
$10,000— Rent $100; business corner at the Mis-
sion; large saloon and flrst-clase grocery;
two flats above; lot oOxSO; a splendid buy.
$4500 only— Hayes st. residence, near Lyon et. ;
good, substantial residence, 9 rooms,
bath, etc; lot 25x100; a bargain.
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
MADISON & BURKE.
Established January, ISIS.
Real Estate Agents.
Full charge taken of property.
€28 Market st.'. opposite Palace Hotel.
fCKXV^PINE et., near Scott; 2 flats; rents $57 60;
lot 25x137:6. MADISON & BURKE. -' -' s
$7000—3 FLATS; near O'Farrell and Webster;
well rented; lot 25x90. MADISON & BURKE.
LAUNDRY building with 2 flowing wells cf Al
water, tanks, barn and lot 16Sx120, on north
line of Lombard st., bet. Fillmore and Steln-
er; also lot 152x120 on Chestnut et.. In rear;
rer-ts $73 per month: mu«t be sold on account
of ./ion-residence. MADISON & BURKE.
BUFH-ST. corner, near Kearny; lot 60x70. with
: ltrge, substantial buildings: rents $230 per
I month. MADISON _ BURKE.
MISSION-ST. bargain, near Twelfth: large lot;
new Improvements, store and flats: rents $110;
price $18,000. MADISON _ BURKE.
J10.500 — FINE vacant property; lot 87:6x30. with
2 corners; Taylor and Greenwich sts. : just the
place for a grocery. MADISON & BURKE.
$SCCA— AS elegant north corner in the Presidio
Heights district ; 60x90: this is choice prop-
erty and very cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
$6500— BUSH £t.. near Webster; S rooms and
bath: elegantly finished Interior; 27x100.
MADISON & BURKE.
$28^0 — NICE 7-room house on Nee st., near Hill;
lot 25x80. MADISON & BURKE. •
$18,000— An elegant marine view house, in the
beet of condition; will take a smaller hou*e
for part pay if not too far out. MADISON
* BURKE.
EUTTER St., corner of Buchanan; 35x57:6; only
$8000. MADISON _ BURKE.
JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine St.. near Montgomery.
GolnK out Valencia St. look up Thirteenth St..
17i> feet west from Valencia, you see 4 fine lots,
ZTxSO feet each, the price cf which has Just
teer. reduced to $2500 apiece.
Also to $1250 apiece, 25x70 feet en Clinton
Park.
$2750 — A nice house on Union st., near Jones;
a cozy home; fine view.
I400o—Cr<»(5lt sale of a Park Panhandle prop-
erty en Oak St.. near Central ave.; fine cottage
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x110.
$11.000 — Rent $123; corner property in a irrow-
lng manufacturing neighborhood; stores and
flats.
$7500— 8-story house of 12 rooms; Sacramento
et., near Webster.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
CAN YOU SPARE $S OR $10 A MONTH?
SELECT A. GOOD LOT FROM US AT A
BARGAIN.
$500 to $800— Incomparable Sunset lots; graded.
$600 to ttM— Choicest Richmond lota; $19
monthly.
$7$ to $300— Ocean Boulevard Tots; $6 monthly.
$100 to tlZO— Level lots near Mission electric
cars; $S monthly.
$500 to $1000— Splendid cottages near cars; In-
stallments like rent.
Bra&ch office. Ninth ave.. near H st. Open
every day and Sunday.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER-
ROOM £4. CHRONICLE BUILDING.
FOR SALE OR RENT.
New 5-room house en Hoffman ave., near
Elizabeth St.. cheap; near Twenty-fourth-st.
electric car. . _- :
Also new 4-room house en Hoffman ave.
Airent on Heyman Tract. JACOB HEY-
MAN. 117 Sutter st.
103x470— HALF block of level land, rich toll,
near Colma, San Mateo County, very cheap;
good fcr chicken ranch: close to electric line;
easy terms. JACOB HEYMAN. . - -
___ .
Foreclosure sale; tine larje corner In the
Mission, with modern cottage of 4 rooms; lot
12Cx126: fine chance for on expressman; we can
arrange terms. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14
Montgomery St.
WANTED— To purchase lots between First and
Twelfth avee.. Lake and D ets. W. J. GUNN,
ISO California st.. Between Montgomery 'and
Kearny. • ______"
BARGAIN — The last of those fine cottages at
Stth and Church Et_.; 5 rooms; all modern im-
provements and S-room flat In . lower • floor;
small amount cash, balance same as rent; see
owner on premises. •
$£0 EACH for two Jots: $10 cash. $10 per monUt;
no Interest. Apply (23 Clement st.
WANTED-First-cLass painter to ; btlf lot or
cottage and lot and pay part In work. THE
MCCARTHY COMPANY. «46 Market st.
REAL EgTATia--CIOT~FOin^gAXiB.
BALDWIN * HOWELL.
. 10 MONTGOMERY ST.
$800— Hoase of 4 rooms; very W«r bargain: 1
block from Hyde and Union st. cars.
1375— Only $50 cash for a very desirable home
lot; nicely located In th* Mission; 1
block from the electric cars; lots 30x100
each.
"Want offer— Rents $177 60 per month; 3 new.
elegant, high-class, up-to-date flats of
7 and 10 rooms and bath each; sightly
elevation, exceptional surroundings; lot
27:6x127:6.
$7.000— Kurton St.. near Laguna: 3 houses of
6 rooms, bath and basement each and
» flats in the rear on the small etreet;
rent $S2; lot 27:6x120.
$6.090— Jessie st.. near Fifth; .-etory ' frame
¦ building of store below and i floors
above of 8 rooms; rent $50; lot 25x70.
$6,000— Golden Gate ave.. near Lyon st.; 2 fiats
of 6 rooms and. bath each'; rent $42 50;
$5.000-Oreen st.. near Goush; fine residence of
9 rooms aad bath, laundry, etc.; lot 26:«
xl37:«.
$*.«50— Hermann ¦_.' near Fillmore: two 2-story
bay-window houses of 6 rooms and bath
each; rents $40; lot 25x120 to rear street.
$4,250— Chestnut St.. near Powell; 2 -story house
of 7 rooms and bath, and 2 flats of 4
rooms each; rents $48 60; lot 25_137:6. -
$14,500— Bush-st. corner; store below, fiat above;
and three 2-story houses; total rents
$106; lot 55x100.
$17.000— Powell st. ; 4 bay-window flats of 7 and
8 rooms and bath each; rents $138 50; lot
«tx!17:t.
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS.
Fronting H st., on electric line and Nlne-
ttenth-ave. boulevard; lots any size; terms $10
monthly; Interest 6 per cent; streets macafiam-
Ued, on official grade; also'gas and water ser-
vice; only 25 minutes to City Hall; close to all
Park attractions.
Money advanced to help you build. Call at
our office (week days, Sundays or holiday*),
ccmer H st. and Ninth ave., south of Park,
Sunset district.
Horse and buggy at your disposal.
Prices reasonable.
BALDWIN _ HQWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
613 CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED.
$20,000 — Corner on Montgomery ave.; stores
and lodging-house; rents $176 60.
$13.600— Cor. Btelner and Waller sts: 48x81;
store and 2 flats: rents $63 90.
$12.600— Union St., near Taylor; 8 modern flats
and rear house: S5:Sxl2S:9; rents $87.
$12.000— Corner Bush and Hyde; 25x57:8; store
and 2 flats; rent- $70 50.
$10.000— Stockton st., rear Sacramento: 40x137:6
with L 26:3x56 on Prospect place; old Improve-
ments; rents J25. ' ¦ .
$10.000— Twelfth st., near Howard; 58x145; 10-
room dwelling.
$6000— Lombard et., near Dupont; 40x90 to rear
street; 4 fiats; rents $56.
$5250— California St., near Baker; 25:3x82:6: 3
flats: rents $42 60.
$5600— Oreen St., hear Dupont; 16:6xS0; S bay-
window flats; rents J55.
J.450O— Kearny st., near Union; 20x80 to rear
street; 2 houses: rents $3S 25.
UNIMPROVED.
Corner Golden Gate ave. and Leavenworth;
137:6x137:6.
f3n.ooo— Cor. Broadway and Broderlck sts.;
137:6x275.
$12.500— Corner Clay et. and Central ave.: 86:3
xl30; will subdivide.
$S0O0— Cor. Cole and Carl: 100:7x87:6.
$7000— Cor. Guerrero and Fourteenth; 6S_98.
$3500— Fulton St., near Fillmore: 32:6x137:6.
$3000— Laguna St.. near Page; 25x100.
$3000— Steiner. near Waller; 24x81.
$-750 each — Post St.. near Devlsadero: 2 lots.
$2000— Waller St., near Stanyan; 25x100.
J1500— Butter ft., near Lyon; 35:3x100.
$100O-Flfteenth St., near Castro; 25x103:4^.
GEORGE M. WILLCOX. ~~~
22S MONTGOMERY ST.
$50. COO— McAllister st,. opposite City Hall; BUb-
stsntial S-story and basement; 50 foot front
building; 8 tenements: always rented and sure
to enhance In value; 60x137:6.
$30,000 — Clay st. ; rents $2400 per annum; never
vacant; 96x127:6.
$21,000— Rents $21C0 per annum: finest and best
equipped new northeast corner French flats ever
offered at this figure; 27:6x137:6.
$20,000— FUlmore St., nr. McAllister: rents $1710
per annum; thoroughly up-to-date; 60 foot front
3-story and basement building, containing two
stores and 4 modern 7-room flats.
$16.500— Ellin St.. nr. Oough; rents $1750 per
annum: handsomest new French flats In the
city: 27:6x137:6.
$12,000 — Improved business property nr. Kear-
ny St.: rents $1200 per annum; 50x70.
$11,000 — Golden Gate ave., nr. Laguna; two
flats, cottage and stable; 30x120.
$SW0— Fine residence lot: 50x100; north line of
Jackson st.. surrounded by elegant homes.
$5500— Nr. Clay and Larkln sts.; rents $540 per
annum; never vacant.
$3000— Nineteenth St., nr. BryarA; co_y, at-
tractive, 6-room cottage; 75x100.
$2730— Clara at., nr. Fourth; well-built house,
12 rooms; 27x75.
$2700— Maple st.: nearly new 6-room cottage;
large barn: 30x112.
GEORGE M. WILLCOX,
32S Montgomery st.
RAYMOND. BALDWIN & CO.,
138 MONTGOMERY ST.
$750 each— 4 lots 23x115:9; Eureka St., near
Twenty-second; ea*>y terms; low Interest.
$4500— Corner on Twenty-sixth St.: 30x65: two-
etory house, 8 rooms and bath; bay-win-
dows: streets accepted.
$.600 — Jones st.; 20x68 : - i: 2 flats; annual rents
$S12.
$2400— Eureka ft., near Twentieth; lot 75x130;
will tubdivlde; street accepted.
12050 — Paris Et.. near Russia ave, ; 50x100; cot-
tage of 3 rooms and 2 flats, 4 rooms each.
$1600— California ave.. near Esmeralda; 32x70;
cottage of 5 rooms, bath, conservatory,
bay-windows.
$3230— Potrero ave.: 15x100: 2 flats. 6 and 5
rooms, bath each: bay-windows; laundry.
$5000— Twenty-second Bt. ; 25x114; 3 flats. 6, 6
and 4 rooms, bath each: annual rents $636.
$4500 — Howard St.. In Mission warm belt; 27:7x
115; flats; annual rents $600; only $1500
cash required.
$35 per front foot, any width by 115 feet
deep; Army St., r.ear Mission. ..{ :
Agents for College Heights tract, near Affil-
iated Colleges and th« 1'ark. Also Ross Val-
ley Park. San Anselmo, and Chapman tract,
Corte Madera. Many ciher choice properties
in our list In all parts of the city.
RAYMOND, BALDWIN & CO.,
138 Montgomery st.
HAWKS & SKELTON, " ~~
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$40,000— Choice Investment; Sutter st.', near
Montgomery; central, safe: pays over 5
per cent net: make an offer.
$5£00 — Lot KW. cor. Grove and Devlsadero
sts.; 34x110; on main drive to Park.
$32*0— I>ot W. Devlsadero; 26x110; adjoining
above lot.
$2600— Lot S. Grove; 27x112; adjoining above
lots. .....
$1200— Lot Stockton, near Chestnut; 22x65; flats
on It would pay well.
$1350— Lots Chestnut, near Stockton; street
accepted: make effer. *
* $9000 — Scott, near Washington : facing pretty
park; choice neighborhood; elegant
home: 8 rooms.
$5600— Nice home; Octavia st., near Broad-
way; 8 rooms, etc.; -good neighborhood.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
F. B. SURRTHNE. '. *~ '. ¦ ¦ - ¦
REAL ESTATE • AGENT.
13S MONTGOMERY ST.
PRICE $.000.
ORIGINAL COST OVER $6500.
Beautiful Eaetlake residence, containing %
rooms and bath; strictly up-to-date ' in every
detail; No. 5 Seventh ave., adjoining the Pre-
sidio, overlooking the snme and having an un-
obstructed view of the golf links. • Bakers
Beach, etc.; too much cannot be said in favor
of this delightful, llttlo home; it must be seen
to be appreciated and must 1* sold;. take Sec-
ramento st. cars to La!;e and Sixth ave., walk
one block west. ; .
$4600— A CHEAP business corner: modern bulld-
lng: two stores and Hat cf s rooms; rents $45.
Cheap bulldin? lot; northern part of city;
will take oil stock In part payment.
$3000— A very cheap block south of ' the park;
graded and fenced; mutt sell,
$2300 — New modern c. ttnge bt B rooms and
bath; one block from F.Iphteenth st. enr tine*
terms. JEROME ENGLISH.
.11- Montgomery ¦ st. ;.
$5000 v
$3000 .......$3000
Aclean $1000 profit in sight right now.
WILL DOUBLE IN VALUE IN 2 YEARS
$3000.............. ......$3000
Only BLOCK south of Pork that can be
. bought at less than $4000. :
$3000..... '.. ...$3000
McEWEN , BROS. . 118 Montgomery st.
. $3000... •..-. :.....»M00
SUNSET HEIGHTS INSTALLMENT LOTS.
10 per cent' cash. $15 per month; Interest 7
per cent: choice park lots ready to build on;
Seventh ave.. K at. boulevard and Eighth ave.,
within 6 minutes" walk from the music stand;
prices ranging from $500 upward; possession so
that home can be built Immediately. G. H.
UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
$1600— BARGAIN: cottage of 5 rooms and, bath;
in good condition; lot 22x114;. in the 'warm
belt of the Mission; near two lines of cars.
Apply to H. L. RE A. 403 Washington- St.".
BENJ. H. . LICHTENSTEIN. Blythe building,
.Qra—t ave., offers S5 feet by 77H on O'Farrell
st., near Powell. - ¦ v;'; :-. r /.
MODERN houl;s built: lowest prices; plans and
; estimates furnished. Campbell, 1147 - Mission.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
- Call, II ? pages. = sent to any address * In ¦• the
United States or Cmna4a ¦ om - year ; for ; $1. ,
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any ' address In th*
United States, postpaid, for'. $1 per ¦ year.
REAL \ E STATE— CITV—FO R S ALB.
SHAINTVALD. BUCKBEE _ CO., i
REAL ESTATE AGEKTB,
.18-220 Montgomery st, Mills building.
$35,000— North Mde Pacific ave.; lot «S:9xl27:SU
feet; with beautiful modern residence: abso-
lutely unobstructed marine view. -
$4000—Corner Oak and Baker at-.; 25x»6:10H;
facing: Park Panhandle.
$10,000— Pacific ave.; beaatlful residence lot
near Pierce; et.; 40xl27:8»4. •
$10.800 — Liberty - St.. near Guerrero: the Nob
Hill of the Mission; lot 80x114; residence of 11
rooms and bath. ;
$2000-West line Church, south of Twenty-
eighth St.; cottare of S rooms and bath; rents
for $13;. modern; lot 25x100: a bargain. .
$20,000 — Reduced from $25,000; north aide Sac-
ramento St., near Van Ness ave. ; fine resi-
dence; largre lot. 68:9x127:8%.
$1950— Price reduced from $2350; modern cot-
tage on Second ave.. near Point Lobes: 6 rooms
and bath; lot 28x120; or 50x120 for. $2750. -
$S00O — Three modern flats; Jackson St.. near
Broderlck; rent- $78 60; for sale at less than
cost !
$5000— Marine view; modern cotta.e; Chestnut
Rt.. near Hyde; I rooms and bath; lot 27 :S
xlS7:«. : .
$2750 — Marine view; corner of Vallejo -t., near
Jones; 34:6 front; Improvements rent for $21.
$17,000— McAllister St.; sunny side, near Web-
ster; lot 100x137:6; with Rood house of 12 rooms
and bath: prospective bnslnesH property.
$12,500 — N.W. cor. Page and Lyon ste. ; mod-
ern residence; 12 rooms and 2 baths; furnace; 7
bedrooms; lot 33:6x95.
$22,500— California and Octavla sts.; 8.E. cor.;
fine residence lot; building now on lot to be re-
moved; size 6S:9x 137:8.
$2100 — And your own terms; new cottaee. 8
rooms and bath; Church and T— 'enty-eecond
sts.; lot 26x128.
$31,000— 6utter-st. Investment; monthly rents
J305; will Day about 9 per cent net: lot 40x110
feet: with substantial offlce buildlnsr; always
rented.
$23.500— Third St.; 2-story brlcfc building; rents
to one tenant $130; lot 25x75 feet -
$4500— Rents $S0 monthly; store and flat; 'West-
ern Addition; on cross street, close to Polk;
lot 2G-100.
$5000 — Corner Eighteenth and Fair Oaks ste.;
two modem flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath;
lot 26x100 feet; rents $12 50.
$2750— Shotwell St.: cottage, one and a half
stories; 6 rooms and bath; street bitumen;- lot
23:3x98:6.
¦ $8280— Reduced from $9000; elegant Preeidio
Heights residence, with 5 bedrooms; first floor
haa hardwood floors throughout; finished base-
ment with fumaoe, etc; lot 34:4V.xl27:8\i: fins
marine view.
'$4250 — Mission home of 8 rooms and bath; lot
S0xll5; mortgage of $2200 can remain at ¦ per
cent. ¦
$2100— Mission cotta.e, 5 rooms and bath; on
Twentieth St., near Sanchez; lot 25x114; will
sell on easy terms.
$5000— Grove, near Baker; lot 25x137:8; 2-story
house of 6 rooms and bath; a great opportunity
for a home.
$1S5O— Vlcksbur* »-, near Twenty-second; lot
22:6x123; 2-story house of ( rooms and bath;
must be sold: best value for money ever ad-
vertised.
$7000— Very pretty home on Aehbury Heights
of 9 rooms and bath; completely furnished; lot
25xlS6:3, to rear street.
SHAINWALI>. BUCKBBE A CO..
218-220 Montgomery St., Mills building.
REAL ESTATE — COU.NTRY— For Sale
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$3350—40 acres; 2 mllss from Los Gatos; 10
acres in prunes and peaches; all In Al
condition; grood house and buildings.
$3000 — 40 acres near Campbell, Santa Clara
County; 10 acres in orchard; 20 acres in
"grain; fenced; good, buildings; well
watered.
$3400 — m acres in Belmont: commands fine
view; new modern cottage; place In Al
condition.
$4900—12 acres in Pleasanton, Cal.; all out In
full bearing fruit; grood buildings; one
of the bost bargains in Alameda County.
$3800 — 150 acres near Cloverdale; 100 acres cul-
tivated; new hou'se; a bargain.
$5500 — »0 acres adjoining Calistog-, Napa Coun-
ty; good house and buildings; 25 acres
.In full bearing vines and orchard. *
$6750—17 acres adjoining Hay wards; Al build-
ing-; under high state of cultivation.
We have 40 new bargains in Contra Costa
County.
We have 25 new bargains In Fresno County.
We have 20 new bargains In Glenn County.
We have 15 new bargains in San Joaquln
County.
Write for what you want.
Special bargain. Maccebee Temple, new 2-
story brick building; 40xl00f corner Eleventh
and Castro sts., Oakland, Cal.
R. S. BROWNE,
Manager Country Department.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
We desire to call the attention of Intending
buyers of country lands to. some bargains In
Income-producing orchard, vineyard, grain
and stock farms, many of which are bank
foreclosures, that we have for sale. Mr. Bush,
having had forty years' knowledge and ex-
perience of the value of lands, and being the
owner of an income-producing orchard and
\*lneyard, can intelligently direct intending
buyers to the best lands and best bargains
' III III ft »_ t fl* *?.
New is the time to buy.
There Is money In stock. i
There is money In orchards.
' There is money in vineyards.
There is money in general farming.
is money in dried fruits.
Country land will never be as cheap again.
We. have some of the greatest bargains ever
seen or heard of In this State. Call or send
for particulars.
DAVID BUSH & SON. 14 Post. st.
A CHRISTMAS gift of $10,000; $3 for $1; don't
be such a fool as to doubt without Investi-
gation: just think of it. only $55 per acre for
a . lovely . tract of 100 acres; the finest lan^i
on earth; almost adjoining the depot and
steamrr landing of Napa city: ail highly culti-
vated level loam; 20 acres perfect garden land;
living creek forms one boundary; Includes
crop now looking fine, worth $1500: easy terms;
must be sold before New Year's. Take my ad-
vice and buy tli!« on speculation or for lovely
home. It's worth and will soon bring $200
N. D. SICKELS-the LAND AGENT—
, 6 Geary st.
$7000— 700 ACRES situated In San Benlto Co..
IS miles from Holllster; 23 acres bearing or-
chard; 100 acres nearly level; balance rich
rolling hills; common farm buildings: land Is
suitable for fruit, hay and stock raising; will
sell very cheap or exchange for residence or
email acreage around the bay. W. G. GRIF*
FITH.-rma S11-312-S13 Hearst Bldg.
FOR the best and cheapest and largest produc-
ing lands in California send for catalogue en
good and profitable homes to R. P. Qulnn.
real estate. Watsonville. the home of the
apple, sugar -- beet and berry: no Irrigation
needed; best bargains in the State offered In
real estate; don't fall to come here before
bpying elsewhere. R. P. QUINN, Watsonville.
MARIN Co., 26 miles from S. F.— $40 to $30 per
acre: choice lands In tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, , hay. grain,
fruit snd vegetable lands: easy term?: rail
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 2. 8th floor. Mills ftidg.. B.F.
FINE ranch near Watsonville; will sell all or
half Interest below value to right person who
will move on place; best offer will take It. as
I cannot; give it personal attention; easy
terms; low interest. OWNER, box 2972, Call.
5 ACRES at Menlo Park; small house, barn,
chicken houses: 15 large oak trees; some fruit
trees; fenced and cross-fenced: cheap to im-
mediate buyer: will lend half the purchase
price. W. L. HARPER. 397 Parrott building.
CIRCULARS free. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.,
sells and exchanges city and country property.
ACCURATE knowledge, each of the 3000 ranch-
es on my sale and exchange list— more than
all other agents In city: state what's wanted.
N.' P. EICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Oeary *t.
A WEEK'S news for 5c— The Weekly ' Call. 18
pa«r<>«. In wrnprer, for mniling. $1 per year.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS'
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ELEGANT new 8-room house; lot 50x119; palm
and fruit : trees; J3300; new . 5-room cottage,
$IS5O: C-room, cottage, $2400; threo: bargains.
Bee J.:H. YOUXG. 1243 Park st.
ONE of the most elegant homes in the city of
Alameda at a oacriflce. -¦- . ,
One excellent house. 8 rooms, servant's room
andbath.'ln the best part of Alnmeda, will be
sold et a preat bargain. LKONARD St LEON-
A UP. 205 Mnnteomprv ft.. .°nn Francisco.. ¦¦.....
BERKELEY ADVERTMNTS
BEnKELET '¦. RBAl'j .-STATE.'
$4500— A 'NEW house of ? rooms and~bath ; fine
corner lot; only 2 blocks from the university
grounds; complete In: every .particular. .; •
$3500— A . thoroughly ; house of T
rooms:' large lot: only J -blocks from D wight
T;ay station, only '2 blocks from schoolhouse
and 1 block from electric railroad; street .work
all done; and on the sunny side of street.
, Live under your own vine and fljr tree; house
of 7, rooms; large lot;, splendidly situated; gar-
Uer. full of fruit trees. %:
¦ Haven't you had - a longing all your life to
gf> to chicken raising?. Now J this is the op-
portunity. A fine a large* lot. fronting .on 3
streets. '270x120; i Just the place you, were look-
Ing for and only $1500.
Apply to MASON & McLEN'ATHEN, adjoln-
lng ¦ Postofflce. > Berkeley. .- • : ''-¦ ¦¦--;¦¦ .-:-.¦•: •
$7BO— LARGE lot,*-' 160x135; ¦ on corner near local:
.East Berkeley; a snap. ;; I. will buy a lot and
build a house to suit you on installments in
''.; Berkeley,* Oakland, Fmltvide '". or San Fr_n-
- cslco. x H. B.- PINNET. opposite local station,
-Berkeley.
OAKLAND yTERTISEMENTS.
OFPicE^-1118 BROADWAY.
j OAKLAND REAL ESTATES.
LAYMANCB RBAli ESTATE CO.,
460-462 Eighth st. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOMES. UNDER VALUE.
IIS, 000 — An ' estate; . magnificent corner man-
sion; situation unexcelled; recent cost, S27.000;
an offer considered.
$12.00O-Cost $20,000; handsome Lakeside dis-
trict residence, 15 rooms; large grounds.
$S500— Recent cost, $12,000; one central East
Oakland's choicest homes; 12 rooms; corner. -
J4G10 — Near . Market station: - beautiful loca-
tion; modern 9- room home; see this place.
$3850— Finest street on Oakland Heights; beau-
tli'ul 8-room corner; Ideal home; recent cost,
$«co. ;;.-¦¦ • :-. . . ¦
J360C— Piedmont Heights; new Colonial. 7
rooms; mortgage $2400; now vacant; builder
must sell. •
$3000 — Adeline station; up-to-date 7-room
home; very complete; 35x125; beautiful location.
$3650— Telegraph and 28th; cost $4300; flna
n.odern 8-room home; 40x165; splendid property.
$3000 — Ninth ave. ; elegant 7 rooms ; specially
built for a home: lot SOxlaO; local trains.
$2650— Latham Terrace; superbly situated: 2-
story modern Colonial, 7 rooms; 40x166; make
offer.
S27S0 — Near Broadway and' 24th;. modern 8-
rcom residence: corner; owner must realise
cash Immediately.
$2500— $K0 cash, rental Installments; beautiful
Oakland Heights new 7-room Colonial; superb
street; bank sale. ••.. .
J.2;i> — Near Broadway and 14ch; neat B-room
cottaga; superb location; close in; rents J20.
$2000— The coziest 5-room home In the select
part of Piedmont residence district.
$1750— Near Grove and 33d ; 2-story house, 5
looms, bath; stable; 70-foot lot; bargain.
$1000 — Neat 4-room corner cottage, nicely sit-
uated: Bast Oakland; $100 cash. $10 monthly.
$50 foot— Fine corner, 60x100. Lakeside district
$1250— Block of Smith's mansion: lot 100x150.
$S30— Corner. EOxlEO, near Clinton station.
$^50— Corner. 100x100, on 11th ave.; fine lot.
$550 — Market st, ; 25x100; north Market station.
$950 — Snap; 60x140; near Telegraph and 32d.
$450— Snap; 87x140; near Grove and 3Sd.
$325— Near Temescal power-house; 50x150.
¦ . $1250— lH-acres Fruitvale corner; all ' fruit.
' LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth at.. Oakland.
$1300-COirFORTABLE BASTLAKE COTTAGE
This cozy home, containing" bath and other
Improvements, renting" now for $12 per month;
Insured for $1000; cost $lS00 to build; street work
all done; nice, open, sloping lawn; electric line
In front; near broadgauge station; situate In
choice residence location: this is a big bargain
for a housekeeper; lot 30x100 feet; de3lrabl« in
every respect, and call or write
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
The House Renters,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$250 CASH, $7 monthly; 4-room cottage: good
woll of water, small barn, chicken shed and
run; 8 fine lots, 75x100; picket fenced; excellent
soil; charming view; best climate; near two
electric car lines; 90- foot boulevard and model
schoolhouse, away from cold winds and fog:
90 families have located here within .3 years;
price, all told, $850;. call or send for circular,
455 7th Bt., Broadway Station, Oakland. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
$S50 — A SMALL home of 4 rooms and bath; must
be sold; 39th St., near Telegraph ave. ; 23xlW.
A. J. SNTDER & CO., Real Estate, 467 Ninth
Et., Oakiand. Cal.
$750-4 ROOMS; 33x100: must be sold. A. J.
SNYDER & CO.. 467 Ninth Bt.. Oakland. J
ONLY $20 per foot— Here's your chance to get
a fine lot on the Heights, between Telegraph
ave. and Broadway. BURR & HOLMES, 460
Tenth st.. Oakland. ¦",
OAKLAND FUnMT'JRE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oaklard.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE. .
NEW -ottace C mis., bath: lot SOxliXh Mission:
¦ ' r
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. j
DEVISADERO, 1S23— Larire sunny bay-window
front room for light housekeeping; rent $10.
ELLIS, 639," corner Larkln — Front bay-window ;
alcove, kitchen and gas stove; single or suite. '¦
FIFTH. 3o3— Furnished for housekeeping:. 2 dou- I
bl> parlor?, kitchen, bath. $20; also single. $2. !
HOWARD. 845—2 or Z housekeeping rooms; also ¦
single. Apply at 823 Howard et.
MARKET, nr. • MRson — Large sunny front rra.,
kitchen, folding bed, gas. $12. Call 342 Keamy.
MISSION, 1738— Sunny front suite, completely j
furnished for housekeeping; coal range; bath;
modern; $12. . j
SIXTH. 119 A— Sunny. rooms, double and single, I
modern improvements; also housekeeping.
STOCKTON. 1307— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; rent cheap.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received art Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and |
subscription* has been established at 1096 :
Valencia St. - - ' .
ROOMS TO LET— Fora, and Unfnrn.
ANY person desiring board, board and room,
furnished and unfurnished rooms, furnished
and unfurnished apartments, furnished and |
unfurnished fiata; housekeeping rooms, houses i
furnished and unfurnished, please call an<] {
examine our list; we have largest and most ;
satisfactory selection in the city; we make
no charge for services; tel. Red 2334. Elder
Rental Information Bureau, 635 Market st.
AHLBOR.V HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best dol-
ilar a day family, hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern' conveniences;
rooms 50c up; first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth— Rooms 25c
to $1 per night: $1 -5 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping: open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1394)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single: also unfurnished, i
BUSH. 520 (The Elk)— Nicely furnished sunny
rms. ; day.' 25c up; wk.. $1 50 up. Mrs. P. Ranft. j
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis," cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 63.— Pleasant, sunny suite of rooms suit-
able for one or more gentlemen. . "
i;DDT, 733— Elegant furnished -• suite, parlor
floor; walking distance. .
ELEVENTH, 223— Sunny furnished room; $4 a
month. _________________
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission stf>.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GEXHV, 405(The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
HOWARD. 1063%— Finely furnished sunny front (
bay-window room. $10; also others.
LAS PA LMAS. 1820 Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath: sin. rms.; board optional. |
LEWIS place. ; 18— Furnished and unfurnished j
rooms to let: single or en suite. »
LINDEN ave.. 261. bet. Franklin : and Gough— I
Nicely furnished front room for gentleman;
rent reasonable.: :
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market -st.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a, day up.
NINTH, 113—2 sunny furnished . front ' rooms;
. running water and bath : reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
PINE, 950— Large room; new flat: private. fam-
ily; rent reasonable: gentlemen.
POST. 943— A '-. bay- window •• alcove furnished
room, with running water.
I'OJT. '. 1015A — Beautifully furnished rooms;
terms reasonable: every convenience; walking i
distance. .
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st.— Incandescent light:
reading-room, srnoklnsr-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 3oC to $1 £0: week. J2 to
$S: monih. $8 to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. ' : : ,
ROSEDALE House. 819 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1: week, $1 2;> to $4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
, near : Market — Furnished or unfurnished. .
SIXTEENTH. 2911— Furnished front room:
closet. •
SIXTEENTH. 2911. . below Mir-ion— Sunny sin-
gle rooms for : (rents only: newly furnished ;
; bath; gae; prices . reasonable. -
SUTTER, S20',_— Chanced hands: newly reno-
vated; single rooms. $S; suites. 112, to $25; mo.
CLASSIFIED I ad\-ertlsements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st. -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been f established at 1096
r^ ; ROOMS AXD HOARD.
AT the eld . Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
• Church. ¦ with ; annex; £07 ; California St.; may
be found a' most exceptionally good table, at-
--¦ tractive »nd ylg-htl-v -onu at rminVst rates.
ROOMS T AND ±: BOARD "WANTED.
BOARD witiTsunny room by sent; state price.
, Box S$te.' Call officer - * ¦¦.-¦¦
SLOT-MACHINES;, '
BLOT : machines— Latest Z style; * $40 7 each. 1187
;-, Market st.. * bet. '* Seventh and . Eighth. >
STOBAGE?AXp»WARKHOPSES.": J
WILSON BROS.;t storage and moving ; I covered
, . , vans. -Tenth and Mar ke t ; pho ne South 713. f, :
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping', at cut rates.
gPKSCIAJ. Jf OTICES.
OFFICE of the Collector of Customs. Port of San
Francisco. Cal. t December IV 1900— Notice U
hereby given that the Commissioner of Navi-
gation, under date of December 13, 1900. has
authorised a changa In tha name of the steam
tug L. LUCKENBACH to DEFIANCE. Said
vessel was built In 1SS3; official number 141,-
Wl -.gross tonnage 241; owner. J. D. Spreckels
. & Bros. Company. F. S. STRATTON. Col-
lector of Customs.
LADIES— Chlcheater English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; saXe. reliable; take, no other;
send *c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Fhlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for U; collections mads;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooma 9-10; tel. 5580.
8EW1XG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES
ALL kinds bought, soM and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT. sold, rented, repaired: needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 143 6th: phone Mint 5.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
great^argaTjTsTn tVrewriters^r>
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. 13. The Typewriter
Exchange. 535 California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. _ M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery st. . ¦
WANTED TO LEASE.
WANTED— By a responsible party, to lease for
a term of years a suitable building with
plenty of light for a machine shop downtown:
'would lease 'with an option to purchase at
the expiration of lease. Address with full
particulars box 33>£. Call.
DIVIDKXU NOTICES.
A DIVIDEND in liquidation of S per cent on
'all deposits has been declared by The Califor-
nia Savings and Loan Society, payable on and
after Friday. December 14. ldCO, at the offlce
of the society. Mills building. 2d floor, room
28. CHAB. D. FARQ'JHAHSOX, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Mutual Savings Bank rt
San Francisco, 22 Post st.— For the half ycir
ending December 31. 19<">. a dividend has b-»?n
declared at the rate of three (3) per cent per
annum on all d«»osit3. free of taxes, pay-
able on" and after Wednesday, January 2,
1901. GEORGE A. STORT, Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Saving* and Loan Society. IS
Geary «t. — The directors have declared a divi-
dend of 3>i per cent per annum en its de-
posit", payable on and after January 2, 1901.
ERXEST BRAND, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 113 (fiifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamvhlp
Company will be payable at the office of
the company. 327 Market st., on and after
Wednesday, January 2, 1901. Transfer books
close en Wednesday. December 28. 1300. at i
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secy.
SAN Francisco Savings Union, S32 California
St., corner Webb. For the half year ending
with the 31st cf December, 1900, a dividend has
been declared at the rate per annum of three
and six-tenths (3 6-10) per cent on term de-
pcslts and three (3) per cent on ordinary de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Wednesday, January 2. 1901. •••,...-".
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notlee— The German Savings and
i Loan Society, S26 California street. For the I
half year enuing with December 31. 1300. a I
dividend- has been declared at the rate o? j
three and one-quarter (3V4) per cent per an-
num on all deposits, free of taxes, payable
en and after A', ednesday, January 2,. IDOL
;:"-' ¦ GEORGE TOURN'Y. Secretary.
ASSESSMENT .\OTICES.
ASSESSMENT Notice— Honolulu Plantation
Company, location of principal place of busi-
ness. San Francisco, Cal. — Notice is hereby
given that at a meeting of the board of di-
rectors, heid on the 17th day of December.
1300, an asfcsfii.i nt. No. 3. of one (tl) dollar
per share was levied upon the capital stock
of the corporation, payable Immediately In
United States gold coin, to the secretary, at
the office of the company. .27 Market street,
San Francisco. Cal.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 30th day of January,
1EC1, will be delinquent and advertised for
sale at public auction, end unless payment Is
made before, will be sold on Tuesday, the
19th day of February. 1S01. to pay the de-
linquent assessment, together with* the cost I
of advertising and expenses of sale.
E. H. SHELDON*.
Secretary -of Honolulu Plantation Company.
Office located at 327 Market street. San
. Francisco, Cal.
ASSESSMENT Notice— Honolulu Sugar Com-
pany, location of principal place of business,
San Francisco. Cal.— Notice »s hereby given
that at a meeting of the board of directors,
held on the 17th day of December, 1900. an
assessment. No. 11. of nine ($3) dollars per
share was levied upon the capital stock of the
corporation, payable immediately In United
States gold coin, to the secretary, at the of-
fice of the company, 327 Market street. San
Francisco. Cal.
Any stcck upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 30th day of January.
1S01, will be delinquent and advertised for
sale at public auction, and unless payment
Is made before v.-ill be sold en Tuesday, the
19th day of February. 1901. to pay the • de-
linquent assessment, together with the cost
cf advertising and expenses of sale.
E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of Honolulu Sugar Company.
. Office located at 327 Market street. San
Francisco. Cal.
=1
aiARMAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Frlederlch Wahl. 30, 2023 Po-well street, and
Auguste Schoenbein, 23, 14H Moss street.
John Vukovlch. 29, 1321 Washington street. ;
and Lyda Colltns. 25. 30.0 Twenty-fifth street. ]
Isak Helnonen. C3. 322 Fremont street, and
Katharlna Seppa. 57. 136 Shipley street. •
Charles E. Lane. <2. 619 Washington street.
and Grace A. Horrer. SO, 613 Guerrero street.
Harry J. Anderson. 25. 1315 Guerrero street,
and Hester M. Moore, 20, 45 Shot well street.
Louis A. Galraud. 32. Palo Alto, and Mary
W. McClurc. 1?. Palo Alto.
Henry E. Piggies. 37. Palo Alto, and Vir- i
ginla de Shields. 2S. Tehama. \
George M. Schiller, 31. 1635 Ellis street, and
Bertha Tt. Kohn. 2*. 19SS Ellis street.
Charles E. La Granite, 27. SOS Mission street,
and Margaret E. MacCauley, 13. Colusa.
Thomas E. Kayer, IS. 537 Second street, and
Encarnasion Flint. 27. 537 Secord street.
Thomas E. Fullerton. 29, 837 Minnesota street,
and Jcr.nle E. McKeftdry. 25. 637 Minnesota «_
George J. Koppen. 23. 2713 Pine street, and
Annie Fotcher. 19. M8 Linden avenue.
Coulson Turnhuil. 3S. Oakiand, and Frederlque !
Faber. 33, Chicago.
Andrew J. Fanning. 23. city. an<l Olive II.
"White. IS, Oakland.
Paul E. Arndt. 27. 51!> Van Ness avpnue. and
Jessie McDonald. 23. 4-1 McAllister street.
Arthur H. Rounsevell. .6, city, and Lula M.
Newcomb, 19. 1 city..
Georze "Walton. 32. 961 Howard street, and
Essie R. Hertz. 23, P61 Howard etreet.
Antonio Cassella. 23. Sutter Creek, and Mad-
dalpna Cassella, IS, 6r<> F»*nci<<co street. t'*wg_|
Chin Kee. 29. Seattle. Wash., and Cim Far,
13. 920 Sacramento street.
BIRTHS— MRRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and dpath notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to, have the same publ'shed.
BORN.
CLEART-ln Oakland. November 23. 190O. to
the wife of Benjamin F. Clean*, a daughter.
FARAPAY— In this city. December 9, 1300. to
| the wife of. Richard B. Faraday Jr.. a. son.
HAMMOND— In this city, December IS. 1300. to
the wife of Harry T. Hammond (nee Marich).
: a snn.
MALOXEY— In this city. December 17. 19«0. to
the wife of Frank H. Maloney, a daughter.
MANIFOLD— In this city. December in. 1900. to
the wife of R. G. Manifold, a daughter.
ORBELL— In this city. December 21, 1900. to th»
wife of Joseph E. OTtx-lI, a daughter. i
PRATT— In this city. December 13, WCO. to the
wife of Alexander Pratt, a daughter.
SHATTtTCK— In Oakland. December 22. 1900. to
the wife of F". B. Snattuek. a daughter.
STAPLES— In this city. December 17. 1900, to
the wifo cf Frank A. Staple*, a son.
RTMOX— In this city.' December 13. 1300. to the
wife of George Symon, a son.
WILSON— In this city, December 19, 1300, to
the wife of Frank Wilson, a eon. -
~MAiiaiEr)!
ASSMAXN— DE SELLA— In this city, Decem-
ber 17, 19CO. .at the German Catholic Church,
by the Rev. Father Maximilian. Jooeph A«s-
itmnn of Rochester. New Vork. and Helena
. de Sella of Sausalito. Cal.
KOPPEN— KOPPEN— In this city. December
22. 1900. by the P.ev. J. Fuendeilng. George J.
£ Koppen ar.d Annie Kcppen.
MAINS — RIEHL — In Oakland. December 13,
lSQO.'by the Rev. J. H. Thelss, Ephralm King
Mains and Emma Riehl.
VONEINCKEL— RANKE— In this city. De-
cember 20. 1900_ by the Rev. J. Fuendellng.
Gottlieb Vonelnckel and Hermlne Ranke.
¦ .-.¦¦¦¦ ¦ -nrpvn
: Becker. Margarethe Kennedy, Delia
Benners. Thomas D. Levy.- Isaac
. 'Bernard. Thomas G. McKenzie. Col. J^XV.
.Blanc. Antone Melody. John '
Brelhota. Johannes Munsell. Mary
" ; Damon. Frank O. ,. Nicholson. James C.
'.'•De Chesne,' Dr. H.A. Norene. Charles J. ¦.
• "Diet*. Harry N.' Orbell (Infant) .
Donzelmann. .Win. M. Robinson. William
•Foorman. 81mon . Seymour. Marsraret
\ Gahnstrom.: John Stone, ; Frank. J.
;¦ German. Reyes S. de Thayer. Nlemeiah D.
• Gift. W. A. J. -'.¦ Throwelt Stephen
' Griffiths. - Mabelle F. Tlney. T. A.
Magdalena Townsend; James
Hlgjrtna. Anita A. WJucerter, On**—
Johnson. Cat h»rtn» WoUnnn. Oat-srlne
Joost. Henry -Wulsan. IMwinca H-
Keegan, Simon
BECKER— In this dty, IHc«_b«r B. 1J00.
Margarethe. dearly beloved wlf» of Ajgust
Becker, and mother of C_arl«s, WtZUain.
Henry and Evelyn Becker, a native ot Bay-
em, Oennany. ajjed 44 years 8 month* and »
days. (Chlcaeo and New Tort pap«r« plaas*
copy.) .
(CTFrlendit and acquaintances ar>» ie»yeot-
fnlly Invited to attend the- funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 8937 Twenty-fifth street, between
Church and Sanches. Interment __ou_t Oli-
vet Cemetery.
BEJfXERS-ln Baden. San Uateo Coanty. De-
cember SO. 190ft. Thomas r>. Ben nan. a n_-
Uve of England, agred 49 years.
CTFtlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funaral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Valente. Martnt & Ox. 1534 Stockton
street, near Union, thence to —Censorial Hall.
I. O. O. F. building-. Seventh and Market
streets, where services will be held at 1:30
o'clock, under the auspices of Morse Lo4s;»
No. 257. I. O. O. P. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
BERXARI- In this city. December S_ 1900.
Thomas G.. dearly beloved husband ot Mamie
Bernard, father of Gladys Bernard, beloved
son of Mrs. B. and the lala Florence Bernard,
and lovtngr brother of Katie. Florence- and
Marsraret Bernard, Mrs. T. J. McAallff an'i
Mrs. G. MoAuliff. a native of San Francisco.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o"clock. from his late resi-
dence. 235 Oak street, thenea to Sacred Haart
Church, corner of Fillmore. and Fell streets,
where a solemn requiem high mass will b«
celebrated for the repose of his *oul. com-
mencingr at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BLANC— In the City and County Hospital. De-
cember 22. 1900. Anton* Blano. a natlv* of,
Germany, aged 86 years.
EHKIHCLZ— In this city. December Jl. 130ft.
Johannes Brelhola. beloved brother of Mrs. L.
Relff, a native of Hr»!*teln, Germany. a«e<i
31 years 1 month and 12 days.
ItyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors cf
H. P. Petenen. J2S McAllister street. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
DAMON— In this city. December 19. 1900.
Frank G.. beloved husband of I_UI« Damon,
son of Georsrs C. and Charlotte Damon, and
brother of Mrs. J. D. Learned, a native cC
Maine, aged 28 years 7 months and 6 days. A
! member of the Theatrical Employes* Trotec-
i tive Union and of San Francisco Theatrical
Mechanic*' Association, ffeeattle and Malna
i papers please copy.) •
C_rFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking: Com-
pany. 2423 Mission street, near Twenty-first,
thence by electric funeral car from, corner ot
; Guerrero and Twentieth streets at 10:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
DE CHESNE— In Alameda, December 21, 1J0O.
Dr. Henry A. it. de Chesne. beloved husband
of Mrs. F. de Chesne. and father of Harry da
Chesne and L. F.. F. W. and H. B. Brandt,
a native of Quebec. Canada, aged 7S years 4
months and 13 days.
tT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
i Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from hl» late resi-
dence. 1443 Webster street, corner of Santa
Clara, thence to St. Joseph's Church for ser-
vices. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery*
DIETZ— In this city. December 23. 1300, Harry
N.. only and beloved son of John and Jessie
Dletz. a native of San Francisco, aged 4
months and 11 days.
DONZELMANN— In Oakland. December 22.
1600. William Martin, beloved son of John H.
and Anna Donzelmann. and brother of John
; F.. Mlr.na and Ltllie Donzelmann and Mrs.
, Lou's Kornarens, a native of San Francisco.
; aged SI years 3 months and 19 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully invited to attend the funeral service*
I to-morrow <Mondav>. at 1:20 o'clock, at th«
! family residence. 1365 Eighth street. Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery. Please,
I emit flowers.
FOORMAN— In this city. December JO, 1900,
Simon, beloved husband of Helena Foorman.
and father of Isaac S. Foorman. a native of
Tiefenthal. Heesen. aged 82 years 1 mont_
and IS da;-?.
ETFrier.da and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 2022 California street. Interment Hom<»
. of Peace Cemetery, by special train leavlnz
Third and Townsend streets, at 10:50 o'clocJ-
Please omit flowers.
GAHNSTROM— In the City and County Hospi-
tal December 22. 13C0, John Gahnatrom. a
native of Sweden, aged 62 years.
GERMAN— In this city. December 19. 1300.
Reyes Silvas de German, beloved mother of
Manuela and Genero Mendlbles. a native, ot
Mexico, aied £0 years.
IC? Friends and acquaintances are re»pe<?t-
f ully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. "23 Vallejo street.
GIFT— In Martinez. December 20. 1900. W. A.
J. Gift, sen of the late Colonel W. W. Otft.
beloved husband of the late Mary Jeter Gift,
brother of the late Captain George W. Otft.
and father of Mrs. S. J. Brown of Fresno.
' Mrs. I. E. Marshall of Martinez. Mrs. N. E.
Coleman of Fresno. Mrs. C. E. O'Nell of 8ai»
Francisco and Miss R. J. and XV. A. J. Gift
Jr. of Martinez, a native of Nashville, Tenn..
aared 77 years 2 months and 3 days.
ICTFuneral this day (Sunday), at 1:39
o'clock? from Congregational Church. Inter-
ment Alhambra Cemetery, Martinea.
GRIFFITHS— In this city. December H. 1300,
Mabelle F.. beloved daughter of Captain T.
H. and Marietta Grifntha, and sister of thm
late T. Alfred Griffiths, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 26 years 2 months and 4 days.
(Honolulu papers please copy.)
JCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral sorvle**
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at her lat<»
residence, 34 Liberty street, between Valencia.
! and Guerrero. Interment private.
i HmZMAX— In • this city. December 22. 13<*\
Ma^dalena C. beloved wife of the late John
HeJzrran. beloved mother of Mrs. R. Grabau,
I Mrs. E. .Goeckeritz of Santa Clara. Cal.. Mrs.
C. G. Strlppel and ths late George Helzman.
and sister of John X. and Henry Romer, &
native of Nurenberg-. Germany, aged 53 year*
I and 11 months.
G_rFrtend3 and acquaintances are respect-
i fully Invited to attend th© funeral to-morrow
' (Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late rest-
| dence. 31Q Fell street, near Goush. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HIGGINS— In this city. December 22. 1300.
Anita Augusta Hlggins of Elmhurst. beloved
daughter of John E. and Mollle Hlgglns. sis-
ter of John E. and the late Ethel Higgim.
i and niece of R. E. - Kodlfen. a native of San
| Francisco, aged 2 years 3 months and 8 days.
B— TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:3* o'clock, from the resldene*
of her aunt. Mrs. M. Morrise. 445 Eddy street.
JOHNSON— In this city. December 11. 1M0.
Catherine Vivian Johnson, dearly beloved,
daughter of Jeremiah' V. and Lena Johnaon,
sister of Lillian M. and Victor T. Johnson,
and pranddaughter of the late Catherine
Huppert. a native of San Francisco; aged o
'¦ years ." months and 14 days'.
JOCST— In Sonoma. December 21. 13W. Henry
Joost, beloved husband of Amalle Joost.
father of Annie. Rudclph. Harry.* Carl and
Xettis Jorwit. and brother of Martin Joost. a
: native of RlncTtedt. Hanover. Germany. a«re<l
: 47 years 9 months and 9 days. (Sew York
: and Brooklyn papers plea.«e copy.)
C7"rhe funeral tvill take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of*H. F. Maass. 917 Mission street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KBEG.\N-In Oakland, December 21. 1W*.
Simon, beloved husband of Mary Keegan.
and father ef Manr»ret o. Ke<*?an and Mrs.
, C J. Setby. a native of Ireland, aged D
years. (Washington. D. C. and Boston.
Ma??.. p«I"*rs please copy.)
r7 friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend ths funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 9
1 o'clock from his iate- residence. 1717 Ade-
1 line street, thence to St. Francis d» 3al»»
: Church, whore a requiem high mass will bo
celebrated for the repose- of his sou!, com-
• mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St. Mary'*
i Cemet?rr.
' KENNEDY— In San Rafael. December 21. 1300.
Delia Kennedy,- sister-in-law of Mary F.
'¦ Kennedy, and aunt of Mr*. J. J. Flinn and
Josle and Edward Kennedy, a native of Ire-
land.
EJTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral tMs *day
Cunday). at S:3O o'clock, fmm the residence
of! her niece. Mrs. J. Flinn. 9 Devlsa.lero
Ftreet. thence to Sacred Heart Church, whern
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
th" rfpose of her soul, corrraencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LEVY— In this city. December 20. liCfl. Isaac
Lew. beloved husband of Rosa Levy, and
father of Leman, Jacob. Herman. Ray and
Meyer I^evy and Mrs. Hannah Berenson. a
i natlv? of Russia, aged 61 yearn.
CTFrlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this dar
(Sunday) at 10 o'clock sharp, from his lata
residence. 2105 Jones street, near Filbert,
thenc" to Third and Townsend streets to meet
11:30 "o'clock train. Interment Beth Ixrael
Cem»t<»rr-
McKENZlE— At Veterans' Home. Napa County.
December 21. 1900. Colcn«l John W. McKenzie.
beloved husband of I^ah McKenzie. and
father of John W. McKenz'e Jr. and Mrs.
Leah Cad?nasso. a native of Newark, N. J..
aged 76 years 7 months and 11 days.
MELOPT — In Oakland. December H. 1300. John,
Melody, known In rellrion as Brother Las-
clan "brother of Patrick. Michael. William.
Peter and Joseph Melody. Mrs. Mitchell and
Mrs. McKenny. and uncle cf Brother Vivian,
a native cf Ireland, aged 53 years 8 months
and 24 days.
_3TFrier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), from St. Mary's Colleje. Oakland,
wher* a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for th* repose of hiss soul, commencing
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cem«-
tary. -
MUNSELL— In the City and County Hoaplta?.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor to . Flannacan A Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DOiOVAJW. M_r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBA__TER_.
. K Fifth st.. opposite i Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
. UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
n and S Fifth »t. Tel. South 117.".
IDNESAL DOL-CTO-3 A5D -XBALHSS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Ritsa.British Naval Officers.
The officers of the British navy are
caught young. They are required to pass
liirough the Britannia, a training ship, at
present anchored in the beautiful waters
of the Dart, not far from Plymouth. At
the afe cf 14 they betln to Jearn the les-
Eon of command, the sanctity of duty and
the seriousness cf life. By the time he is
23 a British lieutenant or Bub-lieutenant
has acquired that Incennable power and
authoriry over his men which is only too
often absent in the officers of the eister
service, where sergeants and corporals do
the bulk of the work of a regiment. The
manner in which a naval lieutenant drills
his men. the alacrity, cheeriness and vim
Trtth which his orders are obeyed, present
a marked contrast to the scenes at Alder
ehot or in many barrack drlllyarda or ex
ercise grounds on foreign stations. An
English subaltern of the line can gener
ally manage to get through his work.
v.-hen not on -special duty. In a couple of
hours. In the navy an officer's duties ex
tend the round of the clock, with short
Intervals, seven days a week, except when
on leave. The rule In the British army la
that officers are rewarded If they do their
duty! In the navy they are punished If
they fail to do it— Harper's Weekly.
EE PAID TOO- IffTJCH.
An Adventure That Befell "Fight-
ing Bob" Evans in Church."
"Fighting: Bob" Evans, the story goes,
when last, in New York wandered up
Broadway one Sundav morning to find
himself opposite Grace Church. The door
of the church being open, "Fighting Bob"
went'wlthin, and, learning that the regu
lar morning service would begin in a.bout
twenty minutes, seated himself comfort
ably in a middle aisle pew well up in
front The church filled up and presently
two men in faultless artire and impressive
In appearance, evidently father and son.
made for the pew in which the navy maji
was seated. At their approach "Fighting
Bob" moved up to make room for them,
but the expression on the two faces was
not to be mistaken. After taking their
Beats the elder of -the' two ' leaned* well
forward and. adjusting: his glasses, tried
to Btare the navy man out of countenance.
Finding this of no avail the man took a
card from hli pocket and. scrlbbllnc a
few words upon it .with his gold pencil,
requested the usher to hand It to "Fight-
Ing Bob." The latter read upon the card
the name of- a well-known millionaire and
the penciled words. .."I pay $G00 ; a- year
for the exclusive use or this* pew."
"Fighting Bob," without a glance toward
the millionaire, took out nis own card
and with his silver pencil scribbled some
thin e in hi b turn.
*ROBLEY D. EVANS, U. 8. N./V
read the millionaire when the uaber
handed him the card, and underneath the
"You pay a d— d sle*nt too much." '
Original • niih : ti not so distantly re
lated ; to "original sin" as Bom* : ethicc
would have us suppose.— New York Even
ing Sun. - . •' . >
"IiAZY LAWRENCR"
Originated.
How the Phrase Is Said to Have
St. Lawrence became the patron saint of
the lazy and indolent because when, under
the fifth persecution of Valerian, he was
tortured to death for his unswerving ad
herence to the new religion . by being
broiled alive on an enormous gridiron, he
mocked his tormentors by saying, "It is
now roasted; turn me and eat." (S. Am
bros., "De Offlciis," 1. 41, 11. 28; S. Aug.,
Serm. 103, cited in Robert Owen's "Sanc
torale CatholicUm," 18S0, p. 238; aee also
Butler's "Lives of Saints.") Hence his
attributed unwillingness to exert himself
in this respect procured for him this pa
tronal status over the lazy.
Similar proverbial sayinps tend to show
further that It was not, as supposed, mere
alliteratlveness that suggested the phrase.
"As lazy as Joe the marine, who laid
down his musket to sneeze"; "As lazy as
a. Mahon soldier," i. e., an Indian Moham
medan soldier, whose physical energy was
not so great as that of a Britsh soldier;
"As proud as Cole's dog, that took the
wall of a dung cart and got crushed in
the wheel": and the uttermost depth of
laziness were reached by "David Law
rence's dog that leaned against the wall
to bark," a piece of facetiousness only
BUggeetlng that the real origin of "Lazy
Lawrence had already been forgotten.
"Lawrence bids wages was an excuse for
laziness, and "Sp. Lawrence has got hold
of you" was, and perhaps is still, a com
mon provincial saying of any one neg
lecting to work, while St. Lawrence's day,
August 10, generally a hot day, was one
on which persons were exceptionally sup
posed to shirk their usual avocations. This
eaint, whose martyrdom shook the foun
dations of a pagan unbelief, is still com
memorated in "T3t. Lawrence's tears," aa
the meteoric or shooting stars were called,
which axe said generally to make a great
display on his anniversary. .As regards
"St. Loza," Bailey'3 Dictionary, 1740, gives
"Lozel— a lazy lubber."— Notes and
Queries.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
A Ehrman, Danville
E S Wlltsee. Denver
J F Rait, N Y
F A Boole, Sanger
A W Kelly. Berkeley
R Finnan. -Cal
E A Prtble, Cal
Dr A L Hodgins, Nev
G W Luce, L Ansr
H B Vercoe. London
Mrs H B Vercoe. Lond
J A Clark, N Y
J H Wright. Sacto
Mrs J H Wrlsrht, Sac
A Mlllen, Los Ang
G W Bowers. ChBO
P G Stratton, Wla
J de Forest. N Y
P Lotz, Paris
C A Canfleld, Los Ang
Mrs C A Canfleld, L A
A Crowe, Los Ang
J A Chanslor, L Ang:
J Caruthers. Canada
J E Caruthurs, Canada
T T Flnthoff, Chgo
D Murphy, Lcs Ang
Mrs D Murphy, L Ang
E A Fraser, Hawaii
Mrs E A Fraaer, Ha
waii
J P McCoy, N Y
A "W Hoyt. Cal
Mrs A W Hoyt, Cal
8 H Clark. St Louis
Mrs S H Clark. St Lou
T W Billings,. B Cruz
M Q Packard, Marysvl
E M Qulnn, Honolulu
J B Gildersleeve, Cal
W H Murphy. Cal
J H Kuhns. New Mex
W C Day. Cal _
G R Whttcomb, St Pal
L H Hays, London
Mrs S Gracey. Kobe
M Komatz. Toklo
H A Daggett, Cat
N H Williams, Chgo
F Hauck. Germany
A C Bryer, Formosa
T F Aspden, Chgo
R W Baxter, Omaha'--
Mrs R W Baxter, Oma
Mrs F O Downing,
Omaha
S G Strickland. Omaha
E W Penfleld. NT
M Murray, Louisville
Mrs L V Stevens, N T
>irs P J Ward. N Y
C Haire, Boston
E D Cummlngs, N T
Mrs E D Cummlngs,
N Y
W B Peck, N Y
Mrs W B Peck, N Y
C Tucker. Tacoma
Mrs C Tucker. Tacoma
F O Downing, Ores;or
lira W B Tubt>s. Cal
R M Melr, Oakland
J Owen, Stockton
Mrs J Owen. Stockton
T L Llllis, Mo
M Haralamb, Blgamc
W W Chapin, Sacto
A Holman. S Jose
H* Nogachi, Tokio
F L Berry. Cal
J Conn. Cal
H S Appleby, St Paul
C D Cooksey. Menlo
(Mrs G Skipworth, Va
W F Ainsworth. Cal
Mrs W F Ainsworth.
Cal
J Thompson, Manitoba
K Donnellan. Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
Dr T J Cox. Sacto
Miss F McKay. Courtl
J Grover. Colusa
8 8 Holl. Sacramento
R E Dow, L Angreles
G P Southard. L Angr
W B de Jarratt. Colusa
J W Brunton. L. Ang
F Davis. Los Angeles
T Ross, Sacramento
WE Price & w. Redng
A JiMcKlnnon. S Mteo
W J Kendrick & w.
Spokane •
H C Wllson&w. Butte
C E Call & w. Portlnd
D M Morris. Chicago
H E Kin?, Butte
M D Duffy. Lodi
H D Smith & w.' Femd
T H Selvage & w.Frnd
G A Buell, Stockton
Miss Grover, Colusa
M F McCue & w. Colsa
J R Humphries. Stktn
W C Humphries. Wash
F K Donald&w.Brr.twd
Mrs P J Reldy, Paaadn
M J Roche & w, Portl
L F Lamping & w,
i Seattle.' -
L. Phelps. New York
W H Bray, Nevada t
W B Streeter & w. Or
\V W Lnmh & w. Or
J F Clapp. Chicago
Mrs T H&gan & s.Bols
Mrs'T Ragran&s, Boise
J • S Perry. Petaluma
J Derrisr & w, Honolu
F W Bush. Napa
J P Merrill. New York
W H Wyback-, Cal \
L. E OTtbury, L» Angr
Mrs K M Perrin. Stnfd
Anita Perrin. Stanford
H Fuller. Sacto
W L Beel. Sacramento
I N Zumwalt, Colusa
E J EVnery, Laurel
J J Hebbron. Salinas •_
C T Michael. Alamcda
S G Edwards, L Ang
C W Clark. 6t Louis
J S Mclntosh. Kans C
E A Major, St Louis
IV Markhoff. S Petrsbg-
Mr Jrekoff. S Petersbg
G R .Lawrence, Stanfd
A J Capp, Stanford
W W Capp. Stanford
O Ooodrldce. Minn
C Tucker & w, Tacoma
C W Seaward, N T
F J Booth, Cal
J R Jones, Alameda
T M Lendrura, & Clara
J W Pepper. Oakland
O P Allen Jr. Stanford
Miss J Morrison. Seat!
A B Lommon. S Rosa
1 Mrs M Ellis. S Quentln
NEW HOTEK
E L Javelan 4 w, Cal
W E N«wman & w. Ia
r, Flckel & w, Iowa
E A Halnes,. Merced ,
B L'Flaher, Alabama
M S Lemos. Alabama
J H'Breen. Sulsun '
E Sherman. Iowa
J Hauser. Walla Walla
FP Powell,. Cal
J 8 Mlddleton, Cal :
C C James, . Stanford
J B Anderson, Atlanta
W Chlnn.- Port Costa
0 Banner." Kentucky.
1 D Call & w, Utah .
II Conners & w, C A
G B Smith. ~ Mariposa
F J Elwell, Groveland
W Schmidt & w, Cal
Miss L Longfellow, Cal
Miss L. Keys, Cal
J B Craven, Omaha
J Mulroy. Inglestde
J Owens. . Sacto . -
H D Hammett, S Rosa
W O Cox, Sta Rosa
H C Macy. Ind
H Hale, Ohio
J Fatton, Dallas
A Ball. San Antonio
A Romance Spoiled.
"Tell a good story and stick to it," Is an
old maxim that is Illustrated in a story
that is going the rounds along the Rlalto.
A certain well known actor floated into
his home one morning about 2 o'clock.
The wife of his 'bosom was waiting for
him. He told her he had been out all th«
evening with one of their friends, Charlie
B., and then related an Interesting fairy
story of how "Charlie" had taken a
crowd to supper; how "Charlie" had tcM
them a whole string of spicy tales; how
funny "Charlie" had been all the evening;
how well "Charlie" looked in his ncv
suit; how he said this, that and the other.
After telling a fifteen-minute story, to
which the gentle partner of his Joys and
out-o'-work periods listened with respect
ful attention but cynical meln, he paused
for breath. Then she, In a confident
"now-I've-got-you" tone, said:
"That's a lovely romance you've been
giving me and I hate to spoil It, but —
Charlie has been here nearly all the even-
Ing waiting to see you about an engage
ment—he left only about half an hour
ago."
The teller of the tale looked rattier
dazed for a moment, as if he had been
struck; then, quickly gathering himself
together he assumed a bold front, with
hands in his pocket, head thrown back 'n
defiant innocence, and, emphasizing: each
word, said:
"Well, that's my story, and I'm not
going to- change It for anybody."— New
York Clipper. ;.-..>¦. , .
last BEST FEE.
What the Late Senator Davis Charged
a Millionaire for His Services.
"I had a case," said the late Senator
Davis, "in which I secured judgment for
a million dollars against a man, and he
was good for it. There did not seem to
be anything for him to do but to pay.
But it chanced that I was released from
the plaintiff's service and I was brought
in on the side of the defendant. I carried
his case— my own case, as it were— to the
Appellate Court, knocked $750,000 off that
judgment which I had been at so much
trouble to secure against him, and fixed
it so that $750,000 i,ou!d never get into
court again. This was pretty sharp work
and naturally my client was delighted.
He came around to see me with his face
wreathed in smiles.
" 'Splendid, splendid!" he exclaimed;
'and what Is your fee — I'll give you a
check for it right now.'
" 'Fifty thousand dollars,' said I.
" 'Flf-ty t-h— what!' he exclaimed, near
ly jumping from his chair.
" 'Fifty thousand dollars,' said I, 'ajid
you may consider yo"urself lucky I did
not make it a hundred thousand.'
" 'I'll never pay it— I'll never pay it,'
said my client; 'It's an outrageous bill.
Fifty thousand dollars for three or four
months' work, and heaven only knows
how many other fees you have had in
the same time, not saying anything about
the $25,000 you got 'for getting the judg
ment against me in the first piace."
" 'See bere, my friend,' I exclaimed,
getting a bit warmed up, 'let me tell you
something. For thirty years I have been
working 1 and studying and sitting up
nights learning how and getting myself
Into shape for doing just such things as
this. I've saved you $750,000 of a Judg
ment which you ought to pay, and which
you are able to pay, and my fee of $50,000
is a most reasonable one. If you say an
other word. I'll jnake it a hundred thou
sand, and if you kick on that I'll make
it a hundred and fifty thousand— and
you'll pay it, too — you'll pay it. I'll make
you pay It.'
"He did pay it," concluded the Senator
with a chuckle, "for he gave me a check
for $50,000 before leaving the room. That
was the best fee I ever earned."— Chicago
Times-Herald.
The State Mining Bureau will issue as
a bulletin the report made by W. H.
Storms of his work in the mother lode
region of California,^ Mr. Storms reports
that there are through that portion of the
State occupied by the counties extending
from Mariposa on the Bouth to the south
ern portion of El Dorado County on the
north at least four distinctly recognizable
gold belts, which are: One skirting the
low foothills along the great central val
ley, which Includes the copper deposits
found near Green Mountain In Mariposa
County, and southward In Madera Coun
ty; those at Copperopolis and at Campo
Seco, Calaveras County, and at Ranlett,
In Amador County, and also the gold
mines of Salt Spring Valley, In CalaveraB
County. It may also be considered as em
bracing th© gold mines near Hornltos, in
Mariposa County, and those near lone.
In Amador County. I
East of the first mentioned bolt Is the
mother lode. Mr. Storms prefers to call
this the central belt and remarks that the
gold-bearing mines are nowhere absolute
ly continuous and unbroken for a great
distance, but that tho lode la frequently
Interrupted by Its entire disappearance
for considerable distances. Lying east of
the mother lode in Mariposa County a
distance of nearly twenty miles and near
ly parallel with the mother lode, extend
ing in a northwesterly direction and pass
ing through Tuolumne and Calaveras
counties. Is th« third gold-bearing belt,
which, In Amador County, has ap
proached to within six to ten miles of the
mother lode. Still farther eastward lies
at least one mineral belt, which has been
opened at several point*, but of which
comparatively little is known yet. Con
cerning this Mr. Storms report* that he
intends fully to Investigate it In the fu
ture, as he considers it to be one of great
promise. "The veins are large and carry
sulphides of Iron, lead, zino and copper
and also gold and silver."
The famous controversy over the Cobre
Grande mining property in Arizona has
been settled. The courts of Texas, Ari
zona and Mexico have been dealing with
it for two years. Finally, President Gage
made a proposition which has been ac
cepted. The Green faction has taken up
the Cobre Grande stock at par. While
the trouble has been on, there have been
numerous arrests and bloodshed waa nar
rowly escaped recently when there was a
clash between Green's party and the
Mexican troops.
American Mining News has a story
about an invention "that bids fair to rev
olutionize the methods of separating gold
from crushed quartz and | particularly
from river, beach and placer sands." The
inventor Is Elmer Gates. According to the
story, the secret lies in removing from
the gold-bearing sands the magnetic iron
as a preliminary to separating the gold.
Various machines have hitherto been in
vented for the purpose of dealing with the
magnetite, but they have been unable to
handle wet sand. The paper that gives
the information says that the claim Is
made that the output of gold may be
doubled by reason of the invention.
Some idea of the extent of the copper
interests cf two sections may be gained
from a report concerning the dividends
declared by the Lake Superior and Mon
tana companies this year. The total di
vidends by the Lake Superior companies
were $9,795,000. of which the Calumet and
Hecla contributed $7,000,000, and the total
of the Montana mines for this year was
$13,585,100, of which the Boston and Mon
tana Company raid $6,450,000, and the Ana
conda $4.S00,0O0. Aggregated dividends of
the Calumet and Hecla during a period of
twenty-two years amount to $72,550,000;
Boston ar.d Montana, $20,975,000; Ana.
conda, $16,590,000; Quincy. $11,970,000; Tam
arack, $7,230,000. In twenty-two years the
dividends of the Lake Superior copper
mines have amounted to $82,975,000, and
those of the Montana mines during the
cane period are represented by the total
of $43,295,000.
George Hope has written an interesting
account of the mining laws of West Aus
tralia to the Mining and Scientific Press.
In part he writes as follows:
For purposes of efficient ¦ jurisdiction, the
auriferous country in Australia is divided Into
tepaxate gold fields, each under the charge of
a warden and a registrar. A warden's court
is established in which mining disputes are
tried, pleas for exemption from labor condi
tions heard and the like business transacted.
Ko one has a locus standi In this court with
out a miner's right, which every miner Is re
quired to secure and renew annually at a
charge of $2 60— formerly $5. Anybody can ap
pear and conduct a case, not necessarily a qual
ified 1' cal practitioner. The warden is en
dowpd with the power of a Supreme Court
Judg-e in many cases, but. being chosen for his
tact, judgment and experience, he is enabled
to check litigation and obviate expensive ap
peals. Had justice suffered under this "mild
Caesarian deFpotlsm." an outcry for a change
would have undoubtedly arisen. The contrary
has been the case; rich and poor, capital and
labor, being satisfied with the machinery pro
vided for maintaining their rights.
The dividends disbursed by the various
companies connected with the mineral In
dustry in the United States this year paid
by 2(w companies have amounted to $114,
5C7.452. The gold, copper, quicksilver, sil
vo-r, lead and zinc mines contributed $48,
750.3-32 of the total, and petroleum, coal
and coke, iron and steel companies paid
the sum cf $G3.£16,510. Private corpora
tions are not included in 'the returns.
Copper mines have paid 62.4 per cent of
the total. Gold and silver mines paid
J14.292.200 or 29.3 per cent of the total. Pe
troleum companies paid $37,707,947, or 32.9
per cent of th«j total dividends. Of this
amount the Standard Oil Company paid
137,050,000, or 43 per cent per annum on its
outstanding capital stock. The remaining
SC57.947 was paid by Independent California
and West \ irgrinia companies.
The Western Mining World, published
at Butte, Mont., pledges the renewed sup
port of the mining men of Montana to the
plan advocated in California for the estab
lishment of a national department of
mines and mining. Quoting the resolu
tions that were adopted by the California
State Miners' Convention at Its recent an
nual meeting in this city, the World adds:
No intelligent man who at the same time Is
desirous of seeing each industry engaged in by
citizens of the United States given equal pri
vileges and protection under the laws, can con
trovert the fact that the industry of mining has
never received the protection at the hands of
the general Government that la Ha due. Nor
will its rights ever receive due recognition un
til there Is a united rffort on the part of resi
dents of the mining States to hold their Repre
sentatives In Congress to a strict accountabil
ity. Considering the proportions to which the
mining industry- has grown since 1S72. the laws
Kovernlng the location and operation of mining
claims are a disgrace to the Intelligence and a
reflection upon the honesty of the men who
year after year keep these law* upon the stat
ute books. Largely the miners themselves are
resr>onMbIe for existing conditions, simply be
cause they nenrlect to exerclBC the power avail
able. California has spoken; let Montana sec
ond the effort toward the establishment of a
rational department of mines. The time
Is ripe for action. Quit* a number
of gentlemen are desirous * of going to
Washington aa Senators from Montana. Let
tb* miners call upon their representatives In
the Legislature to exact from every candidate
for Senatorial honors a pled re to work for a
national department ot mines and for a Just
revision of the national mining laws, to th*
end that the proopector and small mine opera
tor can be prc>tect«"d In their rights against the
grwd of aggregated capital, which possesses no
eoul to save nor head to thump. There must
be united action.' otherwise an effort will be
wholly unavailing.
An Immense dam Is being: built by the
French company In Loss Canyon.. El I>o
rado County, preparatory - to nydraullck-
Ing. The Magglnl mine In El Dorado
County has been bonded by C. B. Hughes.
James Davey and Edward Simpson. De
velopment work on the Alpine mine at
Georgetown Is going- on.
The Amador Kecord reports that active
work TV-Ill be resumed at the Bay State
mine, four miles north of Plymouth early
In February. The mine was closed down
about three months ago, pending an ad
justment of financial affairs of the com
pany. Meanwhile the water has been kept
from th« shaft W. W. Worthing of
Stockton baa be«n operating the property
under a bond from the trustee- of the
Notes From Various Sections Clearly
Indicate That Work Upon
Claims Is Groin g on
Briskly.
Mother Lode Region Is Rich
in Promises for the
Mining Man.
STORMS COUNTS
FOUR DISTINCT
BELTS OF COLD
W. L. Watts. M. E., who has been
studying for some months the gas and oil
yielding formations of California, has
come to the conclusion that "It is reason
able to suppose that the oil fields de
scribed have their counterparts In many
places in California not yet explored, for
the geological formations, including the
oil measures thus far developed, form a
large portion of the coast ranges between
San Diego and Humboldt counties. From
the description of the oil yielding 1 forma
tions, the geological positions of which
have been determined, It appears that the
productive oil strata are sandstones un
derlying bodies of clay or lnterstratified
with them. It may be argued that these
conditions indicate natural distillation as
the chief cause of the accumulation of
petroleum In the oil measures."
This general conclusion has been fore
shadowed In previous publications. Mr.
Watts has in the present instance* a
book of 236 pages, with accompanying il
lustrative maps and pictures, the whole
being embodied in a report that the State
Mining Bureau has issued as a bulletin.
It abounds In information. Speaking of
the differences between California petro
leums and the products of the Eastern
States Mr. Watts says:
The pertoleum of the ESastern States is com
posed principally of hydrocarbons of the paraf
flne series. As previously mentioned, by far
the greater portion of the California oil is used
for tuel, and that in a crude state. It is the
general opinion of those who use oil as fuel
that, weight for weight, there ia not, much dif
ference between the luel value of oils of din"er
ent specific gravities, provided the' oils are
clean, or a suitable allowance is made for
water and other foreign substances which they
contain. A portion ol the oil is used for flux
ing asphaltum and for the manufacture oi fllu
minating gas, and a portion is refined. The
portion retlned yields crude naphtha, illumin
ating oil, gas distillate, lubricating oil and as
phaltum. The naphtha distilled from California
oils is of especial value for use in gasoline en
gines. Those who have made comparative teBts
of California and Eastern gasoline in gasoline
engines claim a superiority for the California
product. As might be expected from the fore
going statement concerning the relative compo
sition of petroleum from the Eastern States
and. the asphaltic oil of California, Illuminating
oil manufactured in this State contains more
carbon and ' less hydrogen than does illumin
ating oil manufactured from Eastern petro
leums. The result Is that, when burned under
similar conditions, California oil gives a more
smoky flame than does oil manufactured lrom
Eastern petroleum. This is due to the tact that
it requires more oxygen to effect the complete
hydrogen. There is no doubt that, as time
goes on, more use will be made of the constitu
ents of our asphaltlc oils in chemical manufac
ture. I
The oil men' are happy over the decision
of the Land Commissioner In the case of
the Kern River Oil " Company against
Clarke. J. T. Flynn, who went East for
the California Oil Exchange last Janu
ary to present the case of the mineral
claimant as against the. scripper and
homesteader, said concerning the decision
of Commissioner Hermann:
While the decision Is subject to appeal to the
Secretary of the Interior and also to the Su
preme Court of the United States, we regard !
the logic so sound and the principle so clear
that no reversal of the ruling can be hoped for
by the scrippers. As early as last February
Commissioner Hermann expressed ' his desire !
and intention to afford the miner every rea
sonable opportunity to establish the presence of
oil upon the contested lands, and it was with
that end In view that the local land office was
instructed to refuse scrip and homestead appli
cations upon the lands in .question, until a
thorough examination of the lands could be
made under the direction of the General Land'
Office. The Commissioner held - that land ] and
particularly oil land did not reveal upon the
surface Us mineral character and that the Gov
ernment, independent of the field notes, had a
right to fix the classification of such lands. -
Mr. Hermann further held that inas
much as the law compelled miners to da
velop the presence of mineral In paying
quantities in order to acaulre title. hi3
right took precedence over that of the
agriculturist, who was bound only by the
law of occupation.
An instance of the popularity which- the
Land Commissioner has achieved by rea
son of his treatment of the mineral claim
ants in the matter of lands is furnished
by the incorporation in Napa. County, of
the Blnger Hermann-Berryessa Oil Com
pany. The directors of the company are
A. V. Miller/ W. C. Cook, W. H. Gosling.
William D. McKenzle of Montlcello. R.
M. Pleasants of Winters. Dr. E. Z. Hen
nessey and T. B. Hutchinson of Napa.
- An oil strike has oeen made that ex
tends the McKlttrick district abouu threo
miles in the Temblor direction. Oil was
found at a depth of 1190 feet. Such is the
report made t>y the Bakersfleld Califor
nian.
Oil operators are now working- In Colusa
County at Guinda. A large tract of land
has been leased by a company on Sand
Creek in Yolo County. Oil companies have
recently been incorporated at Vacavlllc.
Benicla St. Helena and Oroville. Oil is
reported to have been discovered about
fourteen miles from Montlcello, in what
is known as the Zemzem country in
Napa County. Boring will soon begin at
Oroville on the Wicks ranch and also on
a tract of 1000 acres In the same locality.
Oil producers are now concerned In the
price of petroleum. Contracts in most
cases hiive to be made in January and
July. The Los Angeles Times says that
a bear movement has been under way in
the south for two months. The Times
takes this view of the situation: r ;•/¦;-.
At present petroleum may be purchased for
from $1 OS to $1 15 per barrel, f; o. b., whereas
the ¦ price formerly .was a few cents higher.
However, very little oil has been sold at these
prices, and that only in email quantities. The
foliclting of bids for. time contracts has be
gun, but those submitted up to date are not
materially lower than heretofore. ¦ There are
good reasons why this should be so. The «ock
of petroleum on storage and in field tanks has
not increased in the past six months, and for
the future authorities state that the production
cennot exceed the demand. The market is more
evenly preserved now than at any time In the
previous history of the Held. Individual own
ership has, in the majority. of cases, been done
away with, the formation of companies ab
sorbing and combining single wells into groups
and placing the entire production of each group
in the hands of one manager. These are men
ol wide business ability, who • are far more
capable of holding the price of oil at a proper
figure than were , the thousand and one well
owners who strove with each other and let
their production go, • when pressed for. money,
at any price- obtainable. Another . cause with
which the producer Is forced ;to 'contend
present Is Bakersneld petroleum. ' The oil men
of that field are seeking to invade the local
market with their wares, but results are not
promising. Freight rates interfere In the mat
ter and a price of $1 per barrel for L03 Angeles
crude oil would effectually shut: out the north
ern fuel.' In' seeking \ greater protection In
prices producers of the city are considering
the proposition made by a storage . company
to handle the field production for one -rear 'at
a cost of 10 cents per barrel. It la ! claimed
that should the company secure the subscrip
tion of 60,000 barrels of petroleum per month
that it will place them in such control of the
local market that $1 20 may be easily obtained.
Producers would be satisfied to secure ' this
price for their fuel, . and should the . movement
succeed the chances are -that ¦ the combl nation
would continue '. permanently. •- V;- ¦ ,.-
Bakersfleld people are talking of piping
gas from the Kern River field •; to their
town for municipal use. .
Jewett & Blodjret. C. J. .Berry, M/ Mc-
Whorter, "W. I. Roberts and W. M. Spen
cer have organized to establish an oil re
finery, the location of which > will proD
ablv be Kern 5 City. ; Distillates for fuel
and asphalt for paving are to be manu
factured. The enterprise will be under
way in a short time.::
- The operators In < the northwestern dis
trict of the McKlttrtck neld ar© anxious
ly awaiting the; building, of; the* extension
of the railroad. Already, more oil is pro
duced, in this section: than can be handled
conveniently.' ¦ One company has 3000 .bar
rels on: top of thecground. waiting 1 for
transportation. , - -.
The re-establlshment of * the railroad
company's- camp "at Gosford, which was
abandoned -' some time '¦¦ agrv has • revived
an interest : in ' the ¦ Sunset Railroad, and
Strikes Are Extending Limits Sup
posed to Be Fixed — Market Con
ditions Are Interesting
Southern Producers.
Old Regions Have JTheir
Counterparts in Many
New Localities.
WATTS FORESEES
FUTURE FIELDS
FOR OIL WELLS
creditors of the old Bay, State Company,.
The Bunker Hill shaft is" reported to have
been unwatered and retimered. Many or
the mines that were In the dump* during
the summer montna are looking up. Th«
Record sayB that the Gwln mine yielded
$46,000 in November, the Keystone $16,000
and the Central Eureka $18,000.
The San Andreas Citizen says that'the
Installation of the electric plant at the
Sheep Ranch mine Is rapidly • proceeding.
The Oriole mine at Angels is having trou
ble with water and has shut down to get
larger pumps. The Utica Company ha«
put in a 26-inch pipe to feed the wheele at
the cross-shaft power-house. Julius L«
vaggi has bonded the Acme mine near
Plymouth and will probably bond another
property In the vicinity. Development*
near Railroad Flat are reported to be en
couraging.
According to the Tuolumne Independ
ent, the Darrow mine, near Rawhide, hai
been bonded by E. F. Doyle and William
Oakes, and they will begin at once to
work the property. The recently expired
bond on the Mount Hood property has
been extended to the 1st of June, and
sinking from the 100-foot level to the 200
foot level has begun. Preparations are
being made for ten additional stamps for
the Longfellow mine. A pipe line 10,000
feet long is nearly completed to the site
of a new 100-stamp mill -to be erected at
the Shawmut mine.
William B. Lake Is about to start up a
placer mine In Calaveras County. The
Calaveras Chronicle reports that pipe has
been laid, monitors attached and the wat
ers will soon be pouring upon the banks.
The Galvin gold dredger which has been
placed on Weaver Creek, according to the
Trinity Journal, barely escaped disaster
when It was first started up last week.
The Journal says:
After running: a short time with everything In
perfect shape, & waste t, ate on the tailings was
carried away and operations suspended. Again
the carrying away of another waste gate almost
caused a serious disaster. The lowering: of the
water caused the boat to -tilt over the exca
vation made on the preceding day and It looked
for a time as if It might be overturned. For
tunately tha red fir used in the work of the
barge was strong and stanch and the machin
ery properly put together and secured, and no
damage was done. Aa the dredger weighs
something like half a million pounds it can be
readily seen that its position for a time was
critical. Thursday Sim sacks of stone and
gravel were put into the lining and everything
Is all right again. Owing to about £000 Inches
of the La Grange Company's water running
down the creek it has been a little dlftlcult to
handle the same. In a few days the dredger
will have excavated Kb bed beyond the possi
bility of accident.
Various matters of mining interest are
reported by the Yreka Journal. The min
ers along the Klamath are having a great
deal of trouble in getting lumber, owing
to bad roads and long distances from the
nearest sawmills. N. H. McFadden of
Pittsburg, Pa., has been In Yreka to make
preparations for building a dredger to
work upon the south fork of Scott River.
Work has been resumed on the dredger at
Hawkinsvlllo. Swain, Newson & Cleaver,
owners of the Brown Bear and Fraction
mines on White Gulch, have recently pur
chased two concentrators, a rock breaker
and a Pelton wheel, which will be added
to their mill. This machinery was pur
chased from the Know Nothing mine.
the belief is now firm that actual work
on the road Is- soon to begin. . . ¦ > •
-- A- report comes from Bakersfleld' that
the Sacramento Oil, Company's No. 5 well
broke the record In ' the Kern River field
by producing '900 barrels per day for sev
eral days after it was completed. - \
A new lot of cases Involving the contro
versies between the placer locators of oil
lands and the scrippers will come up In
Los Angeles before Judge Ross. The lands
involved are in Fresno County.*
There are thirty-seven producing wells
In the Coalinga field and twenty-five are
drilling. The Kreynhagen field has three
companies .at- work. There are but two
producing wells operating.
An exchange says:
A surprising feature of the Kern River de
velopment Is the increasing: capacity of lUe
wells. This is in- part due to the use ct
slightly deeper holes, but one more sand
stratum of normal thickness does not account
for a difference of from thirty to one hundred
barrel* a day on a forty-barrel well.
The lncreasa was first remarked, perhaps, In
the Peerless wells on section 31, 28, 2&, when
that company's No. 3 gradually went from
thirty to seventy barrels. The difference was
not explainable by the : extraction of sand for
the reason" that It had been thoroughly sand
pumped before the initial measurements. Tho
Reed Company's wells did much the sama
thing, some of them increasing from thirty
and forty to a hundred and twenty barrels a
day. The same thing Is true of all the other
properties In the southern tier of townships,
and all the wells now coming in are showing
capacities much greater than their predeces
sors on the lame ground.
The Union Oil Company's pipe lines in
the Coalinga field are both in use and all
the oil that is produced can be taken
care of.
Another oil company, the Lucky Boy,
Is about to begin development work on Its
leased land in the Midway district.
F. H. Howard, W. H. Massey and H. G.
Riser have secured a tract of 2400 acres ot
land, which they will prospect for oil, in
\entura County, in the range of hills
north of the scene of the developments at
Fillmore, Sespe and Piru. They do not
propose to organize a company, but to
work the land themselves. They have
samples of oil taken from seepages which
they consider satisfactory.
remainder of the holdings of th©
Gray Eagle Company have been sold out,
and tho report Is that eighty acres
brought $200,000. The land is In the Kern
River district.
Oil indications have been found in Lower
California, about twenty miles below
Ensenada. The old Mission ranch, which
extends six miles along the ocean front
and four miles back Into the Interior, has
been leased. The belt is supposed to ex
tend Into the ocean.
The most northerly discovery made In
the Kern field is credited to the Edgar
Company, which is in the northwest cor
ner of 18, 28, 28. This adds territory to
th 4L fie i3 according to the indications."
The Old Dominion Company, In the Mc-
Kittrick district, which has a hole down
1480 feet, will go down 2000 feet, searching
for the lower sand.
The Glenn Coal and Oil Company, tha
Great Northern and the Brlscoe Oil and
Mineral Company will develop oil in
Glenn County. - .- . ¦
The gaa works at Santa Rosa are burn-
Ing oil for fuel from -the wells of the Kern
River field. Seventy-five gallons of oil
have been estimated by the management
of the gas works to be equivalent to a
cord of nine wood in heating capacity. /'
THE*" SAN FR'ANCISCO^ CAtiZi, SUNDAY, DECEMBEK 23, l^w.
30
BAILRO AD TBAVEL.
ONE CAR A WEEK isn't enough
— going to run two after this —
TUESDAYS and THURSDAYS.
No change of cut, San Frtncttco to Omaha,
Chicago, Kansas City, and St. Louis. Only on*
change to Boston. :
jjj|]H|rS|[?jjj|Y W. 0. Sinborn, 0«n«nl A«s«1,
|S3|IjTm|^BH San Franoiaco.
Santa Fe
I rains- Da »y
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Lve. San Francisco. S:00 am 4:10 pm 8:00 pra
Ait. Stockton 12:30 p m 7:15 p m 11:06 p ta
" Merced 2:42 pm 1:1* a n»
" Fresno 4:20 pm 1:05 a ia
" Vl?alla 8:C0 p m 4: Warn
" Tulare 6:22 pm 6:10 am
" Hanford 3:33 pm 7:0* »n*
" Bakersfield _.. 8:50 pm 7:30 a ca
" Denver ~ 10:CO a m — — —
•• Kansas City... 6:15 p m,
** Chicago 7:40 am ,
9 a. m. train is the Overland Express. Corre-
tpondlns train arrives at 8 p. m. dally.
4:10 p. m. ta Stockton Local. Correspondtns
train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. is Fresno and Bakersfield Express.
with Sleeping: Cars for both cities. Correspond-
ing train arrives at S a. m. dally.
OFFICES — 641 Market St. and In Ferry Depot.
San Francisco; HIS Broadway. Oakland.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:1a a. m. ; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m,
SUNDAYS 8:00. 10:C0. 11:30 an<| 1:15 p. m.
Fare, San Francisco to Summit and Return.
NEW TAVERN OF T AM ALPAIS NOW OPEN.
T'cket offWa SSI Market rt.. 3au«aHto F>rrv.
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD.
INCORPORATED I85O.
CHARTER PERPETUAL.
1900-J A N U A R Y-I90O >"'*
r ' SCHEDXTLE OF ASSETS.
"* The Assets of the Company are as follows:
Mortgage Loans 31.10O.84O 09
Collateral Loans EO.000 00
Real Estate „ i 221.700 00
Cash on hafld and in Bank 324.<S9 63
Cash In hands of Agents 174.3S6 13
BONDS.
Par Market
Value. Value.
Dominion of Canada, 4% S100.0CO $102,000
State of Georgia, 4"^ per cent. 35.0CO 38,750
Territory of Arizona 60,000 U.S0O
City of Astoria, Oregon 17.000 18.02O 1
City of Dallas. Texas 13,000 12.600
City of Duluth, Minn S,20« J.20S
City of Fargo. N. D.. (% 6.0CO (1,363
City of Fargo. N. D.. 7% 9.0C0 8.J3O
City of Helena. Mont 20.000 tl.4Ci>
City of Mlddletown. Conn.... 10.000 10.3C0
City of Pawtucket. R. 1 80.000 S1.500
City of Portland, Oregon 23,000 St.750
City of Richmond. Va 60,000 60.000
City of Salem. Oregon 11,000 U.8S9
City of Salt Lake. Utah 40.000 44.0UO
City of Seattle. Wash 25.C0O S.tOO
City of I'rbana, Ohio 15,000 U 000
Hennepln Co. & Minneapolis
City. Minn 23.000 3».0C9
Wayne County, Michigan 25,000 J8.250
Mankato School Dist.. Minn.. 15,000 15.ivj
School District No. 24. Marlon
Co.. Oregon 13,000 14.040
South School District Notes.
Hartford 23,000 35.000
Bl'k Rocks & Salisb'y B-ch
St. R. R. Co 10.000 10.008
Broadway 6c Seventh Avenu*
R. R. Co 20.000 3L000
C. B. & Q. R. R. Co.. $H%.. I.OOO 1,000
C. B. & Q. R. R. Co.. 4%.... 4.000 CIM
C. B. & Q. R. R. Co., Con-
solidated 7 per oent S.000 S.000
Chic. St. Louis & N. Orleans
R- R. Co 25,000 34,350
Chic. & Northw. R. R. Co.... 6,000 S.4C0
Chicago & Western Indian*
R- R." Co 23.000 2«.«a>
Cln.. D. & Iron ton R. R. Co..
Guaranteed 15,000 1S.5C0
Cln., Hamilton & Dayton R.
R. Co 60,000 B.5C0
Hev.. Cln.. Chic. « St U ' "
R. R. Co 10,000 ».3O0
Cleveland Electric R'y Co.... 20,000 20 WO
Clev. & Mahonins; Valley R.
R. Co 10,000 12,500
Dayton & Michigan R. R. Co 25.000 27 SCO
Detroit, Grand Ranlds A W.
R. R. Co 3,500 |.2»
Fltchburg R. R. Co EO.000 12,500
Harl. Riv. & Portchester R.
K. Co., Guaranteed 40,000 H800
Hartford Street Railway Co.. 15,000 23,250
Illinois Central R. R. Co 25,000 24 500
Lehigh Valley Railway Co... 25.00) • 24.230
Lynn & Boston Railway Co.. 10,000 10.800
Minneapolis & St. Louis R.
R. CO W.OOO 48.000
Norfolk A Western R. R. Co. 35,000 32 U)
North Chicago St. R. II. Co.. 10.000 10*500
N. Y. Central A H. R. .R. R.
Company 23.000 28,500
N. Y.. Lack. A Western R.
R, Co 28,000 28.2M
N. T.. N. H. & H. R. R Co..
Deb't Certificates 40.000 53 7a
Penn. 4 N. Y. Canal & R.
R. Co ¦ 25.000 t«.50O
Port Reading R. R. Co 10,000 10,500
Southern Pacific R. R. Co.... 39,000 40 950
St. Louis & San Francisco R.
- R. Co 23.000 23.000
Toledo & Ohio Central R. R.
Company 15.000 13. goo
"Waterbury. Ct.. TracUon Co. 10.000 10.200
W. Chicago St. R. R. Co 10,000 10,*>C0
W. Chicago Bt. R. R. Tun-
nsl Co 10,000 10.100
Adams Express Co 25.000 2«.00il
Brooklyn Wharf & "Ware-
house Co 15,000 BT.noO
Chicago Edison Company 15.000 :;,0OO
Hartford Electric Light Co... 10.CO0 10.SW
Minneapolis Gas Light Co.... 25.000 33.730
People's Gaa Light St Coke
Co.. .Chloaso 23.000 M.350
Northwestern Telegraph Co... 15,000 lt,«00
Central Safety Deposit Co..
Chicago 15.000 1S,00»
Traders' Safe & Trust Co..
Chicago 10,000 10,000
STOCKa.
150 shares B*d Eagle Val. R.
R. Co.. Guaranteed 7.500 14,83
334 shares Chic. Bur. & Quin-
cy R. R- Co 89.400 4S.08S
1ZQ shares Chicago & N. W.
R. R. Co 15.000 23.7CO
242 shares Chic. R. L & Pa-
clflc R. R. Co 34.200 25.SM
150 shares N. T. C. & Hudson
R. R. R. Co 15,000 19.500
375 shares N. Y.. N. H. A H.
R. R. Co A S7.S00 *n.*3
SCO snares Pitts.. F. W. &
Chic. R. R- Co.... 30,000 W.OOO
200 shares Emp. & B. S. Tele.
Co., Guaranteed 20.000 14,800
600 shares Northwestern Tele.
Co. Guaranteed 30,000 34.200
187 shares Flist Nat. Bank.
Minneapolis 18.700 18.700
100 shares Imp. & Traders'
Nat. B'k, N. T 10,000 60,000
11 shares Second Nat. Bank.
New Haven 1.10O XS7»
100 shares Aetna. National
Bank. Hartfcrd ..„ 10.000 18,80©
$3 shares Charter Oak Nat.
Bank. Hartford 1,300 |,rj
125 shares Far. & Mech. Nat.
Bank. Hartford -- ..... 12.500 14,250
; 1S5 ehares First Nat. Bank.
Hartford "• 13,600 21.C30
SCO shares Hartford National
Bank. Hartford 30.000 40500
412 shares Nat. Exchange
Bank. Hartford .............. W.800 25.964
150 shares Phcenlx National
Bank. Hartford 15.CO9 18,000
45 shares Conn. Trust & 8. D.
Co., Hartford i... 4,500 t,XS
H.870.EO6 $J.MT.S33
Total Asset* $3,363, lit 13
StrMMAJRY.
Cash Capital 31.000,000 00
Reserve for Reinsurance 1599SJ7U
All outstanding claims 200.714 00
Net Surplus ...:.... 1.0S8.SM TX
Total Assets $3,30.481 73
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT 1
411 California St., San Franc !aco.
BENJAMIN J. SMITH. JHstnafter.
COUN M. COYD, A^ent f or 6oa Fraacl«co.
MOUTH KKM WAVtVtV COJiriSI.
(PAOirio srirriiif.)
Tr«tns !•>>«•• mil itr« alua in nrrlts stl
MAN I'KANCINCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
L1ATI — ' 7S0U DE0SVBZK 1. 1900. — ARRtTl
•7:00a Benlcia. f-ulsun. Elralra. V»c»TlUe,
Rumsey and h»er»mon»o *7s»5f
•7:OUa Shuta Express— Daria. Willlacis (for
Bsrtleit Springs), Willows, Bed
Blufl. PorUaudV.. *7««8f
•7i3O« MaiUuez,aanlUmon.Valle]o. N*»ft,
OalUtoga and Sauto Kosa *6tl*»
•8:O0a Davis. Wooaiaad. Knight* Landluj.
MarMTille, «>roTllle_ •T»«»
•NtOOA AtUntia Kxpress— Oedea snd Rut •Bi-I3f
•!»:Ooa Niles, LiTennore, Tr»qr, Lathrop,
Stocitcn *7il»»
•HiSO* Sail Josa, Urermore. Mtoektoa.
Ioue, HaCTamento. Flaocnllla.
Maryi» ille. Chloo, lts>l Illulf ...... Miiar
•IIiSOa (Hkdslf, Chines*. Honors, Carton... MjISp
*U:«0a Hsrwaids, Niles »nd Way Hutioiu. Ml :¦*•"»* •
•tttOVALos Angeles Express — Martluei,
TraoT, Laibrop. Stockton. M«0fd
Froano aud Los Angeles •7:13r
•ftsSVA Vallrj... Martlu«s and Way Statiom •»: l."»r
•I ViOOa The OverUnd 14 raited— Ogden. Den-
»er, Omaha. Cfaicafi # o:4SP
¦lltOOA Kilo*. Stockton, Baaramento, Mso-
dot*. Fresno, Hanfoid. Vball*.
Porterrllla M1I8F
"11:00a Lirermoiti, Banger, Goshen Jtino-
tioa. Bakenaefd, to* Angeles
fliOOp Sacramento Ulier Bteameis 15:00*
•3:OUr Hajrwartln. Nllrs and War Stations. ••*»: »f»r
•4>HOr Martluez. Hau lUiaott. V»ll»Jo.
Nar«. l!aIUio<». Santa Rosa •llilSs
Mitor Bvnlcta. Winters. tlaetaineDto,
WuotllKiid, Knights landing.
MsrrnTllIe. Oio«illo •«•»:«¦»»
Mi3Opnayrr2Tds. Mien aud B«n.Jo»e t»-»"»A
•S:OOr NUns, Lifennore and Stockton * IO:I5a
oS:OOr Kntuet Limited. El Paso, New
Orleann and EaM «1O:1Sa
•a:0t»pTli« Onl Limited— Trscy. Fresno.
BakersSeld. Hangus for biuta Bai-
bara. Los AnKeles. MOjISa
•9iO«p New Orleant Express— lJakersBeM,
ttanta lUrh.r.. I.o* AngcleB, Dem-
lug. Kl Fuo, New Orleans aud
Kast «7»«»
•6ionp Haywards, Nilei and San Jose •7tl*»»
tOtOOr Vallejo •! »i-i.1*
•OiOOr Oriental Mall— Ogden, Obeyenna,
Omaha, Chicago •2:43p
•BiOOp Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denfer,
Omaha. Ohic*«o. *4tl3p
•7iOOf Oregon and California ICxprsu.Kaa-
mmeuto, Marjgtllle, ICeilillng,
rortlxiMi, Pus«t Homul and ICask *8i43a
•¦••3p S*n Pablo. Port Costa. Martines
•rid Way fltatloni «11!45a
t»:O3r Vallfjo »11?»a
TOAST DIVISION (Narrt.if (i.npe).
(Foot ot Mnrket Street.)
•B:I"">A Nettajk.OiiUrTHIe.San.Ioso, Fettnn,
IJouliler Cr^ek,.Saii ta Omx and Way
Htatlmis ••«••»
f*il »p Newark, UenterTllIe. Bail Jose, Hew
Aluiaden, Fr.itou. lloulder Creek,
Santa Crnz and Principal Way
Stations t«»« s »A
MiISp Newark, Han Joaa, Los Gatos f »:»Oi
al»::«in Hunters' Exenrtlon, San Jose and
Way Stations I'rtOT
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FrtaSlI PlilGISCO— ThI «f Virkit Slrset (31i» S)—
t7:16 0:00 11:00 a.m. 1:03 3:03 B'CS'.M.
PnmOilUlt— r«tt*rBie*twi*.— 1«:00 )8:00 tSKX
10:00a.m. »:03 8:03 1:33 «S:30r.M.
(OiST DITISIOa <Bro»d O*age).
(Third mid Towngeml Stn.)
f«tlV\ Ocean View. South Han Francisco.. foi3«p
•7:0«a Han Joie and Way Stations (New
A Imadeii - Wedneadays ouly) • I iBOr
•»!•• a Hau Jose. Tres l'lnos. Santa Crnz,
Paeilio (Inifo. Paso Itobles. (ton
I. ill* Oblapo. Suif, Lompoe aitd
Principal War Stations MilOp
•IOisOa Ban Josa and W»y Station!........ *«>33a
•i 1:30* Sau Jose aud Way .Stations *Si3O*
t*i43rSau Mateo, lUdwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Sau Jose.
Tres Pino*. Mint* Crux. S&llaas.
Monterey and I'aciflc «>roTr tH>:1<iA
f3:nt»r San Jose and Way Stattous *7i3<tr
f4:I3r San Jose aud Principal Way Stations *0:43i
43:OOpSan Joac, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations t9i©«A
*Oi3Op SanJoie and Principal Way Stations *a:83a
•8::ior San Jose aud Waydutions f»:«o*
alli4.1r San Jose and Way Stations *7i8i>p
A for Morning. V for Afternoon.
'Daily. ' t Huuday exeented. * t Sunday obI?.
7 Mondays, Wednesday*. Fridays,
c TumcUys, Thuradays. Sundays.
O hiturday pulj
CALIFORNIA NanflWESTERN RY, CO.
LBSSB3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBURON FERRT-FOOT OF MARKET ST.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 11:3S. »:*>.
8:10. 4:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra * trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:35, 11:00 a. m.; 1:W, 8:30, »:00.
6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAI'S— 6:10. 7:50. s»:2O. 11:10 a. m.; 12:15.
Z.10, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:55
and t:I5 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:iO, 3:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. J:40. 5:M.
6:25 p. m.
"Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park.
came schedule as above^
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | Nov. 7. 1900. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Wwk
Days. I days. I Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:« ami 8:40 am
3:S0 Mil 9:30 am Petaluma. t:05 pmi 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7:35 pm| t:22 pm
Fulton,
7:10 am Windsor. 10:13 am
Healdsburs.
Lytton.
Geyserville,
rSOpm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:15 pm t:H pm
7:30 ami I Hopland I I
I 8:00 ami and Uklah. I 7:35 pm| 6:32 pm
7:J0am! ' _,„ I _ _ W:* 5 »«
j 8:00 am Quernerilla. I 7:33 pm
3:30 rm I *:» pm
7:30 am 8*00 am Sonoma IS:15am 8:40 am
and I
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Gleii Ellen, f 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7-30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:23 am
3:33 pm| 5:00 pm[ Sebastopol. | 7:39 pm| 8:22 pm
Stage* connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Pulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
GeyservtHe for Skaegs Springs; at Cloverdale
for tha Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyrllle. CarU-
bad Sprinxs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and BartHtt
SDrincs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell- Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day-n, Riverside. Llerley-f, Bucknell'a.
ganhedrln Heights. HullvlUe. Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg-. Westport. UsaU
Willets. Laytonvile. Cummlnes. Bell's Bprings.
Harris, Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . .
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at halt rates. %
Ticket office, 650 Market st.. Chronicle bulld-
|ne. R- X. RYAN.
H. C. WH1TINO. Oen. Pass. Art.
Gen. Manager.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Tmrr*.
Commencing September 30, 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:56. •9:15. 11:00 a. m.. 1:45
8:15. 4:00.* 6:15. •«:15, 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley -and San
Kafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS-«8:00, 'ViM. '11:29 a. m.. *1:1S.
3:15 »4:45. 6:30. 8:00 p. m.
Trains marked <*) run to San Quentln. -
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20. •«:30. 7:45, 9:30 a. m..
•1230, 1:45.- •3:30. '4:30. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-€:20. »8:0O. 'lOM. Ilzio a. m..
n:40 »2:15. 4:45. •«::» p. m. ,
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:45. 6:45. 7:55,- 8:30 a. m..
12:35, 2:10. 3:30. 4:54. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
«jid Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. . 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. . 2:15, 1:30.
S-00 *:45 P- m- -«^**asj«afc»««w«ii«»ssjjBJ
' THROUGH TRAINS.
1:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
itatlons. _^ ¦ " -j ¦ ¦
¦ 1:45 p. m. Saturdays— To males and way
stations. • _'
8:00 ~ : a. m. Sundays — Tomalea and * way
stations. r_
Peoesibw a U00, Mary M-anaeD. a natlT* ot
::-m Cootls, actd U year*.
mCBOl£QH— In this city, Dec«aber H. W00.
James C Nicholson, father of Albert and
CUiel Xioholeon and "Mrs. O. Woods, a na-
tive of England, aged 71 years 3 months and
ETFrlenfii tnfl B.cs:ualntanc*f are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
<Sunds-y). at 1 o'clock, from the parlors cf
the Henry J. Oallagher Undertaking Com-
peny, 20 Fifth Btrect. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
2COREXE— In th!» city. December 22, 1900,
CharJes J., beloved son of C. J. and Caro-
line Xorene. a. native of Portland, Or., aged
S yeejTi 1 mouth aruj 21 days.
Of5KliI-i»— In this city. December 22, 1800. ln-
fast flaufbter of Joseph E. and Jenn!« M.
Orbt!l.
ROEINUON— ES-.te-red into rest. December 21.
¦•j00 W.IIlam. beloved husband of Slargaiet
liob'n-ioc. ar.d father of William W. and
«-ca.-;es F. Robinson and Mrs. F. J. Kelly,
a native of Lc«(3on. Er.«rl;ind. aged 57 years.
< Halifax. Nova Sootia. paj^en please copy.)
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fuliy invited to ettend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at l*:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, £S0 narrlBon etreot. thence to St.
Brendan'i Church, where a requiem hlgn
mafs iv!!l be celebrated for the repos* of his
eoul. commencing; at S o'cloclt. Interment
M»>unt Calvary Cemetery.
CEYlIOUn— In this city. Margaret Seymour, a
native of Ireland, aged 75 years.
ftyi-Yicnfis and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
«SIcn<!ay). Rt t:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence Si. Patrick'* Church, where a Jiolemn
rpQU'em hlph mats will be celebrated Tor the
repots of her eoul, commencing at * o'clock
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
STONE — In this city. December 23. 1SC0. Frank
J.. beloved husband cf Ethel M. Stone, and
brother of Walter J. Stone, Mrs. T. J.
Clancy. Mr*. Frank Richard* axA the late
Peter V. Stone, a native of San Francisco.
tLged 37 y«*rs $ months and 17 days.
CJlFuneTTtl this day (Sunday), at 2:30
o'cJ'-k k. from the parli>rs of JIcAvoy & Co..
1TCS Market street, between ESgrhth and
Ninth, thence to Bt. Joseph'e Cburch for ser-
vices. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
THAYKR— In this city. December 21. 1900. Nio-
roelali D. Thayer. rraJiflfather cf D. T. Utter
of Grimes, Cal., and Mrs. G. W. Hall of Sac-
ramento, Cal., a native of ICew York, aged
il years S mor.ths and 13 davs.
JT^Frlends and acaualntances are respect-
f-jlly Invited to attend the funeral this day
<Funday>, et 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. W. Martin & Co.. US Geary street. Ia-
tenrtnt Laure! Hill Cemetery.
THnoWELL— In this city. December ZL 1900.
Stephen, beloved husband of the late Bridget
Throwell, a n^ive of County Galway, Ire-
land, aced S4 year*.
CFFriends ar.d acQuaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late ret.1-
dence. 4S3 Bryant Etreet. thence to St. Roee's
Church for cervices at 10:45 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train frcra Third and Townsend streets.
Please omit flowers.
TIN'EY— In the City and County Hospital. I>e-
eember 22, liCO, T. A. Tlney. a native of Ger-
many, aced 55 years.
TOIVNSEND— In Oakland. December 2L 1900.
Jai:es Townsend. husband of the late Martha
H. Townsend. and father of James Jr. and
Frederick Townsend, a naUre of Lowell.
"I.'-.^> . aged 70 yeare 3 monthf and 6 days.
C7 Friend* and acQualntancee are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the First
Conprrejrational Church, corner Twelfth and
Cl&y *treele, Oakland. Interment private.
WIN'GEKTTai— In this city. December 2u ISOo.
Gustave Wlngerter. beloved brother of Her-
man. Walter and Lewis Winrerter and Liz-
tie nrl>in. a native of Wheeling. West Va..
agei 4)> years 1 month and 11 days.
CJTrieiids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
1-ar.y. :C5 Mipeion strert. near Twer.ty-flrst.
Interment CVpress Lawn Cemeter>'. by elec-
tric funersj car from corner of Guerrero and
Twentieth streets at 1:30 o'clock.
TTOLFllOM— In this city. 22, 1900,
Catherine VTolfrom, beloved mother of John
Haktr and Adam. Andrew and Willis VVol-
from, a native of Germany, aged fcS years 9
months and 19 days.
TTIXZEN'- In this city. "December 22, liX>0.
I>i«irich H., beloved husband of Anna M.
Wclzen. father of Frederick G.. Diedrich H.
Jr. and John F. Wulzen. and brother of Fred-
«rick II. Wulzen. a native of Hanover. Ger-
m&ny. aped 70 years S months and 10 days.
CARD OF THANKS.
E^FVlends and acquaintances are respect-
Jully Inrtted to attead the funeral to-morrow
• Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
T«r.ple. corner Poet and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Mount Morlah Lodge
Xo. 4t, F. and A. M. Interment C>T>ress
Lawn Cem^terj'. by 2*50 o'clock train from
Tfc'.rd and Townsend etreet*.
ilrs. "Denr.ls Tooh'.g and family deelr« to
express their gratitude tx> the many friends
o* their late husband and father. Dennis Too-
h'.g. and esfiecia'.ly to the employes of the
Putrwo Gas Works, for the kindness shown
In their la.te bereavement.
MRS. DK'N'NIS TXKJHIG and family, per
C. H. Hohfrid.
BATLBOAD TBAVEL.
The California Limited
v y The Santa Fe new and sumptuous
train, through to Chicago
in 75 hours, begins January ist.
jf^ The things we ¦
fiji/ have for gifts are
// the things you ou;ht ta : V^
|£ give. Things that make \ j
Sfj th: home cozier, prettier, more i i
b £ enjoyable — things th t last fij
%S aimost a lifet me. Sensible, /, '
serviceable gifts, the kind §§
Vi that are appreciated by S3
\Si every one who likes ff
nice things.^^-*^^
\ 1 to &?vm 1
V>?' W<r have sn ex-
[/ elusive line of the test
iff that's made— windows are
Rg full, but you are welcome in- l^
fi side. Table Covers, Carpets, 11
|| Rugs, Mats, Portirrc?, Cnr- [jj
\\ tains. Lace Daor Panels, etc yk
\\ Your Christmas mony coes E§
a long ways here— we're Si
lj|^ very v asona^ e in
>^^w^matter of pri;?s^^^'
I ScSilMctcx; I
• 215-217 Suttcr-aVovrKc*m7Jt. jFlour and Millstu ffs.
' FLOUR— California '. Family Extras, t3 25
98 SO, usual terms; Bakers': Extras, 13 15©3 25;
Oregon, $a TS92 $5 - p*r : barrtl for ¦ family and
¦WHEAT— Yesterday's markets were of a
holiday character, and there was no news of
any Importance. -, " .
There will bo no session of tha Produce Ex
change on Monday.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 96«4®97VSc; milling, 11
©I 0214 P«r ctl. . ,
CALL, BOARD SALES. ,,
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— May— 4000 ctli, SI 03%.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
BARLEY— There was little business yester
day, owing to the holiday season. The Produce
Exchange has adjourned to Wednesday. >
Feed, 76c for choice bright, 7ZHo lor no. 1 and
C7*^670o for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, 77V*<5?2 1 4c: Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD BALES.
' Informal 8eselon — »:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No, sales. . .
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— Dull but firm, with light stocks
White. $1 30^1 60; Surprise, nominal; Red
Jl 25®1 40 for % Feed and 1 1 33®1 45 for 6eed •
Gray, nominal; Black, for Feed, $1 1501 20- f or
Seed, tl 23©! 30 per ctl.
CORN— Yellow,. Jl 15; White, $1 10; Eastern
mlxe.d. (1 KH'per ctl. t
RYE— S5®«7*4o per ctl. '
BUCKWHEAT— <juoted at H 7Sff3 per ctl.
Wheat and- Other Grains.
Sterling Exchang-e, 60 days — %i R2
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 83 "-*
Sterling Cables...'. — 4 ii«Vi
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic — 12*^
Fin* Silver, per ounce — 63%
Mexican l>ollars, nominal 50 V± Q * t
Exchange and Bullion.
The week winds up with a fairly steady mar
ket in vo-rue. with prices, however, not ma
terially changed. State common evaporated
apples quoted at 4©5c; prime. 4*fc'J6'4c; choice,
614c; fancy, 6@*7c. California dried fruits con
tinue active. Prunes were nominally quoted at
3>4&SV4c per pound. .Apricots— Royal. Il<jji4c
lloorpork. 15@lSc. Peaches— Peeled. l«S'20c; un
pecled, 6®5c. ,
DRIED FRUITS
EGGS— Receipts, 4788 packages; easier. West
ern regular packing, at mark, 18®22%c; West
ern, loss off, 24c
BUTTER-Receipts, J442 packa«es: steady.
Creamery, 17®23c;'June creamery. 17®23cr fac
tory. ll',4«?16e. - .
El'GAR— Raw, qule* and steady; fair refining
3%c; cwtrlfujral. UK test. 4%c; molasses isuirax,
IHc. Refined, quiet; standard A. 6.40c: con
fectioners' A, 6.40c; mold A. 6.8Sc; cut loaf,
6c; crushed. 6c; powdered, 6.70c; grmnulateu,
S.COe; cubes, 3.73c.
COFFEK— Futures— Closed firm at a. net ad
vance of 106215 points. Total sales, D500 bases
including: March, ?5 70#5 75: May, $5 Sic; July
}'i 8">; September, *n 8S*?6 05; October. J6 0&.
Spot— Rio. <iul«t; No. 7 invoice, 8T4c: mild,
«t*>a<iy: Cordova. 9*4«rl3*4c
HOPS— Quiet. State, common to choice. 19C0
crop. ir,@21c; ISM crop. 150250: old. 2S-6e; Paci
fic Count, 1900 crors l"i@19c; 1899 crop, 10«14c'
olds, IfJBc.
HIDES— Steady. California, 21 to 25 pounds,
I?fl3*£c.
WOOL — Quiet. Domestic fleece, 24326c;
Tfrxa!", JlU16c.
WHEAT— Receipts. 86.C25 bushels; exports,
105,190 bushels. Spot— Firm; No. 2 red. 7814c
t. o. b. afloat: Ko. 2, 76',-i.e elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, S3*£c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 87c f. o. b. afloat. Options—
Opened steady and were sustained most of the
forenoon on local covering- due to fears of un
f;ivcrab!e crop or other conditions before the
markets open again next W«"ne)«iay. Closed
firm at partiil %c net advance. March, 79'1«
79V4C closed 73«£c; May. 78 13-16® 73 l-16c, closed
7&c; December cloned 77c.
NEW YORK, Dec. SL-FLOUR-Reeelpts,
17.343 berrels: exports. 11,025 barrels. Neglected
and nominal. Winter patents. $3 COtfjTl 90; win
ter straits, $3 40^3 53; winter extras, J2 66©2 90;
winter low grades. J2 43@2 60; Minnesota,pat
ents. $3 95'24 25; Minnesota bakers', |3@3 25.
rideratlcss that tnisht attach to rpecial stocks
ajid affect their value was apparently taken no
•account cf anfl there wi* a wild scramble to
buy all soru end coafi'.tlcn cf stocks, as though
•UI future hopes cf wealth and protjpcrlty fle
pended on aa ownership of stocks before Chritt
r. ts. Tfcere -was no news of Importance to put
¦my new phaJ»e bn the question of \aluea. pres
ect or prospective. Tfce buying seemed to rep
resect tbe cumulative effects upon the financial
settlement of the Imposing rise In prices during
the -week and the apparently undiminlsbed oon
*C£enee manifeeted by lsr^e capitalists by their
continued lanre absorption of securities. At
the fail of the hammer on the chairman 1 g desk
this morning 16.000 sharee of Northern Pacine
¦vere Instantly bought in a einele block. First
transactions In a nuir.ber of other Important
% tocks r*ir:f • i from 1C00 eharps up to 7790 shares.
With a gigantic Cbrietmas tree, decked out
with glltterlnr ornament* and festoons of
CbrtBtinas ere«ns and bunting; waving over the
¦ floor o? the exchange, the brokers bou^bt stocks
*B/ith as much abandonment aa though they
v.-ere » T>aJl cf the Christmas celebration and
the rayety of the occasion dppended upon It.
The market apparently ran wild and was only
quleted by an accession of eelllner orders Invited
by the extreme advances attained by nn«
ctocks. But tbe buying -was resumed In the
last bc!f hour, after the bank statement ap
p*-ared, and a Dumber of stock* wera rushed to
the top level of tbe day. Tbe closing was anl
mated and Irregular. Some of the extreme m&
vanocs were: Sugar, E%; Brooklyn Transit, 4V,;
«itnerai Electric, 4; St. Paul, 2'M; People's Oaa,
. i*%. and a verj' eitenfied list of stocks from 1
to 2 points.
Only irenersJ conditions cad causes can afford
¦ r '.¦ •;•:«•.- explanation tor such a stock market
i - that of tbe past week. Particular events and
£<-velcpmects may be accepted as stimulating
rauses or as unlocking nascent forces that have
a latent rrowtli and gestation and need but a
tlHrht Impulse to bring them Jnt© life. That
Impulse came from last Saturday's statement.
Ever since that time th« market has shown
continued -animation and variety. The opinion
has been universal In Wall etreet that a rla«
In prices would com* In January, after the
;«ariy financial settlements had been concluded,
end tbe funds disbursed and dividends and ln
ttreet were seeking reinvestment, but there waa
treat dread of a Hju«*eze of money rates at the
end of the year, as the requirements to be met
are the lar-j^et «ver known >n our history. The
CLnalOiry of la.-t year's severe panic, when call
loan rates rose to IS6 per cent and stocks had to
be- thrown over at any sacrifice to meet called
leans, was vivlfily pivsent In the minds of
everybody in the vicinity of Wall street. The
cplrlt of caution waa to deep that ¦ even the
rtrong evidence of widespread burins* of rail
road stocks by backers and conservative finan
cial Interests Z&Ued to attract a general follow.
KEW YORK, Dee. 22.— To-day* a speculation
ta ttockg tock on eoniething of the Eaturnallan
•plrit that attaches to the Christmas holiday
celebration by Inheritance from ancient pagan
customs. The day's performance In the stock
ir.arket cannot be adequately described other
*»ise than as epecialatlve orgies. Individual con-
New York Stock Market.
£-^n Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday,
» :\*. lucres sl-^c cloudinese In tbe afternoon and
».fc. ; : lifiix. -westerly changing to southerlr
WUKU. ALEXANDER G. McATMB.
Forecast ufaclsi.
Arizcaa-Falr Sunday.
Northera California — Fair Sunday, except In
extreme .porthern portion, where i-howeng art
likely; light southerly vlnfi«.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; li-rht
northerly winds; llgrht froats In the Interior
tsur.£ay mom!aj. ••
Nevada — Fair Sunday.
Utah— Fair Sunday.
The tett^erature has remained nearly «ta
ticrary over the entire country west of tha
P.orky Mountains. Throughout California the
te-r-p^raturee are nbout normal.
i"crecii«t made at Baa Francisco for thlrty
botre ending xnj<ini«ht December Zi:
No rain fcae fallen in California, but tight
ehowers are reporte-i In Oregon and WaEhlo«>
ton.
The Dreecure tias fallen slowly en the Pa
clnc Cuast and liais n»n r&pidly east of the
Fierrae. An area cf high pressure overlies
Utah ar.4 Nevada, while a moderate depres
eicn is over Vancouver Island.
FORECAST
i^4.n Krancisco data: Maximum temperature.
EC; -mir.iruuni, 47; mean, I'l.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Bay Co P Co..lCM«i — [Oak Water 5s. .104*4 —
Cal-st Cab 3s. .119 — 'Oceanic SS 5«.. 110 110*4
C C Water 5s. 108 — Om C Ry 6s. ..12* —
Ed L & F 6S..1J1 — ]Pae O Imp 48.101 —
F & Cl Ry «s.. 114*4 — P * Cl Ry 6s. .105 109
Geary-st R 5s. — — P 4 O R R 63.1154 —
H C & S 5Hs.. — — Powell-6t R 6s.llS —
Do 5s 103U103 Sac E O&R 5s. — 100
L A Ry 5s HOtjllUilS F & SJV 53.113% —
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103 S R of Cal 6s.. — 113
Do (rntd 6s... — — S P R of A 6S.113HU4
L A gntd 5s... 100 108 S P C 6s (1905,
L A P R R 5s. 100 — , Series A) 109H —
Market-st 6s. ..123% — I Do (Series B)110Vi —
Do 1st 11 5s..l22',i — Do (190«) IIS 112«t
N C NG R 7a. — 114 Do (1912) 121 —
N H of Cal 6s.ll4*,i — S P R 1st r 6s.iO7H —
Do 6s 119 — S P R 6s 131 —
N P C R R 6s.li)l — 8 V Water 6».114«4 —
Do 6s 108 — Do 4s 103*4104
X Cal Ry 5s...llOH — Do 3d mtir... — 1C1U
Oak G L & H.llfl", — Stktn Gas 6s. .101 103
Oak Tran 69..119H —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 7<H4 71% Spring Valley. Kft 94%
Marln County. 51H —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
CentL&PCo— 4 Pac L Co — 44
Equit O L Co. 3*i 3!4 Sac E O&R Co — —
Mutual L Co.. 9 10 S F G 4 E.... 48H —
OGL&H-... 49 — San Francisco. 4V4 434
Pac Gas Imp.. ,48% — Stktn G&E Co. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 223 235
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 75 — First Natlonal.SlO —
Bank of Cal. ..409 412*4 Lon P & A.. ..143 —
Cal S D & T.. — lOSVs Merchants' Ex. 18 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L....186O 1900 Sav & L So.... — —
Hum S & L... — — - S«c Sav Bk....?75 —
Mut Sav Bk... 50 — Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav Vn...625 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....129% — |O S L & H.... 35 48
Geary-et ...... 45 - Presidio ...... 17 21
Market-st .... 70% 70%j I
POWDER STOCKS.
California .... — 160 Vicrorlt ........ • S%
Giant Con Co. 83T4 84H
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 6% - Kllauea 8 Co.. 20*i 21U
Haw C & S Co 90 — Makawell S Co 41V4 4l£
Honokaa S Co 31H 31% Oaomca S Co. £h2 —
Hutch S P Co. 25>.4 — Paauhau S Co. JlVl —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. — — Pac A F A... 1 —
Cal Fruit Asn.lM*.; — Pac C Bor C<xl51 1O
Her Ex Assn.: 97 100 Par Paint Co.. 12*4 —
Oceanic S Co.. 102 10314
Morning Session.
Board— •-•-:.
26 Hana Plantation Co ...., 7W
15 Honokaa SI 50
20 Market-street Railway 70 $3
100 Oakland Gas 49 BO
•100 Oceanic Steamship Co ~.10i 00
15 Paauhau S P Co 81 «2yj
10 Paauhau S P Co, oash 31 JO
SO Pacific Coast Borax m 90
• 25 S F Gas & Electrlo Co 43 W
Street-
ISO Hutchlnson S P Co.. „.. 25 S2*£
10 Spring Valley Water 94 00
$2000 Spring Valley 4a bonds (3d mtg»)..102 CO
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup. .US 117 4s do cp (n«w).13S 139
4s do reg 115 ll~>"£!3s do coup 110 111
UNITED STATES BONDS.
SATURDAY. Dec. 7J-13 m.
Business was very dull on the Stock and
Bond Exchange, and prices showed no change
worthy of note. The board has adjourned to
Wednesday.
The feeling was firm on the Oil Exchange,
and several stocks made a slight advance.
Sales on the OH Exchange last week were
89,451 shares, valued at $116,941. The heaviest
transactions were 13.400 shares Home. 12,863
shar»s Petroleum Center, 12,250 shares Califor
nia-Standard, 10,800 shares Reed, 90CO shares
Hanford-Fre«no-Kern River, 6100 shares Cari
bou and 4i00 shares Lion.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Dec. 22.— Wheat market quiet and
steady; blue stem, 5C%c, club. 63%o.
PORTLAND, Dec. 22.— Wheat steady at 54®
64%c for Walla Walla.
Cleared — French bark Louis Pasteur, for
Queenstown or Falmouth., with 93,603 bushels
of wheat; Dutch bark Pax, for same port, with
26,700 barrels of flour.
OREGON,
PORTLAND. Dec. 22. -Clearings, J266.S61;
balances, 1:0,224.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
FLOUR— Steady; St. Louis fancy winter
steady. Ss Cd.
HOPS— At London (Pacific Coast), steady,
£2 uJftj'fo If-
CORN— Spot, easy; American mixed new. 4s
1<S; do old, 4s 2d. Futures, quiet; January,
3* r. ?<,,*: March. 3s Slid.
WHEAT — Spot, firm; No. 2 red W>stern win
ter. 5s ll%d; No. 1 California. 6s 3d; No. 1
Northern Spring. 6s 2%d. Futures, Inactive;
February, 6s Kd; March. 6g ftd; May, nominal.
LONDON, Dec. 22.— Consols, 97 1-16; silver,
19 9-16d; French rentes, 101f 37'4c; wheat car
goes on passage, quiet but steady;' Walla
Walla, 2Ss 7%d; English country markets,
quiet; wheat and flour on passage to United
Kingdom, 2.380.C00 qrs; do Continent, 820,000 qrs.
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 22.— Wheat, dull; No. 1
standard California. Gs 2%df?<is 3d; wh»at In
Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, quiet; weather In England, cold
and dry.
COTTON— Uplands. 6%d.
CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK. • Dec 22.— Cotton opened firm
with prices unchanged to five points higher.
Although quiet much of the time, the market
continued slowly upward after the call on un
precedented buying by room and outside shorts,
made difficult by meaner ofterinRS. *
The feature of the forenoon fluctuations was
a fresh bulge in December. That option
opened at $10 10, or 5 points above last night's
closing, and .at once Jumped 10 points addi
tional and held at $10 20 during the fore part
of the session. Private wires stated that
Southern spot markets were firmer on good de
mand from shippers and advanced bids from
New England spinners. Late in the morning
realizing sales carried prices sharply down.
The market closed steady with prices net 3
points higher to 15 points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
Plgiron warrants. T9 5O5J1O W; Northern
foundry, $15fffm 50; Southern foundry, $14 50@
15 75. and soft Southern, $13915 75. *
" Lbke corner ruled nominal at 17c for Lake
Superior and 16%c for casting and electrolytic,
while ac-mestic Iron markets continue dull at
th» eld basis* of operation?.
NEW YORK, Pec. 22. — Conditions In the
local metal markets were practically un
chenged and almost entirely of a holiday char
acter. General sentiment, however, was a
bearish average. Buyers and sellers were hold-
Ing aloof until after the approaching holiday.
Tin was quiet and about steady on the nomi
nal basis of ?26 SO.
Lead ruled dull p.t M 37%.
Spelter waa also dull, but steady, at U 12',j
«T4 17%.
New York Metal Market,
BHEEP-Ttecelr-ts. 1000. Sheep and lamb*,
steady; good to choice wethers, $3 7Q{{4 23; fair
to choice mixed. $3 15<g3 60; Western Bhe^p,
$3 50fc"4 20; Texas sheep, 12 25«j3 50: native
Iambs, Jl@5 25; Western lambs. $4 5<Xg5 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 18.CKV); Monday, 3S.
001: left over, 1500. Generally, steady; top, $1 9*>;
mixed and butchers. $4 6594 95; good to choice
heavy, $1 75854 95; rough heavy, $4 60»J4 "¦".;
light, $4 (XV?4 92%; bulk of sales. $4 82%>34 M).
CHICAGO. He:. 22.— CATTLE— Receipts. 2».
Nominally pteady: Rood 10 prime steers, $5 25 -^
6; roor to medium,' $3 5">®"> 20; selected feed
ers. $3 73® 4 40; mixed stockers, $2 50^3 7'.;
cows, $2 4(Vg;; heifers. $2 5O(JJ1 40; canners, $1 75
(32 35; bulls, $2 4<XE?4 30; calves, »3 75®5 DO; Tex
as fed steers, $4ifi4 So"; Krassers. $3 25ig4; bulls.
$2 4003 25.
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Feb. Mar. May.
Opening 6% 6% 6%
Closing 6 % 6 %
PARIS.
Wheat — Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening 19 85 2100
Closing 19 S5 2105
I Flour-
Opening :. 25 63 28 90
Closing 25 70 26 90
The following ere the seasonal rainfalls to
date, s.% comjiiired with thote of eame date
laet season, and rainfalls In last twenty-four
hours :
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 22—5 p. m.
Cir<"th Meridian— Pacifio Time.)
W cat her Report.
¦'Currants tend to lower prices, particularly
on lew grades, which were Quoted Saturday at
SHc. Guods of good quality were held at lOHc.
iJeman-l for cleaned currants is entirely of a
h.a*i<S-t'j-mouth order, the consumptive trade
firmly believing In lower jt1c«-. Evaporated
eppies are firmer. PaJt-^ of t«v«riil cars of spot
prime were reported tu *>c. with 5%c asked.
There if more demand from the Jobbing trade
fcr fancy and choice. Chcps and waste are
firm. Nuts continue easy, with a slight 1m
pr^vtnent in demand at the lower quotation*."
iUT. advice* from New York say: "The mar
ket la easy aloe* nearly th« entire line. Raisins
c*n be btmgtt almost at buyers' own prices.
Clusters axe lower, as a result of the very
low prtoe* realized at Friday's auction sale.
Layer* are «e!l!iig very cheap. Some Inquiry
tor jroods Is heard of at very low prices. Two
crown loose Muscatels show a s'.irhtiy firmer
tendency. Stocks both here and on the coaet
are eaid to be light. Bales of 600 box** cf
t-crown loose Musca£e.!s were reported Satur
day a little under the market. Prunes are
uachacged and quiet. Fancy and choic* Royal
ajrlccte are firm and In better demand. Low
grade* continue easy. Dates are barely steady.
Figs are easy, with alim-et no demand..
Dried Fruits in New York.
Tfce Ccptlc toe* out a treasure list of JlSMsa,
erar.!tl*i-r of J1T.21S in Mexican floUart, $3370
in jrold coin. J1200 In -fold dust and ttT7,462 in
t:.\ tr buiiios.
Treasure Shipment.
The local bask de&rlngs 2or th« pa*t wi*k
•mounted to T20.O45.92s. against *17,!n>5,677 tor
the eaxae week last year.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
B£are. closing
bold. Stocks— Bid
61.400 Atchleon 4 6i; 1
12.100 Atchison prefd 57^4 !
4.500 Baltimore & Ohio '. Si2 '
200 Canadian Pacific 83^ |
3.400 Canada Southern 58% 1
1C.200 Chesapeake A Ohio 41<£ '
l.M« Chicago Great Western u'
14.100 Chicago Murlinirton & Quincy 141«i
200 Chicago Ind & Louisville 27t* !
200 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 62% i
Chicago 4 Eastern Illinois 94
100 Chicago A Northwestern ie$ |
8,900 Chicago Rock Inland & Pacific 119H ;
2.100 C C C 4 St Louis 70% >
200 Colorado Bouthern g I
1.<X» Colorado Bouthern 1st prefd 43«i I
3C0 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 18 i
1.000 Delaware & HudKon 122
6,SO0 Delaware Lack & Western 191 I
1.900 Denver & Rio Grande 29** j
2-.1W Denver & Rio Grande prerd 84
IS.eOO Krle -jx: •
i-.OC-O Erie 1st prefd 6S% !
Oreat Northern prefd MSS% j
1.600 Hocking Coal u£ i
1.200 Hocking Valley « 1
100 Illinois Central 13OS '
200 Iowa Central 20 !
Iowa Central rrefd 47
400 Kansas City Pltteburg & Gulf —
200 Lake Erie & Western 47^
Lake Erie & Western prefd 112 j
- Lake Shore 230 I
$.800 Louisville & Nashville 87% \
15,400 Manhattan L lUVt
4.900 Metropolitan Street Railway 174
4,200 Mexican Central 14%
8,250 Minneapolis & St Louis CJ'i
26.300 Minnnii.oMs &»8t Louis prefd 102%
400 Missouri Paclflc 6»>i
4,160 Mobile & Ohio 46
lt.400 Missouri Kansas & Texas ]«%
100 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... J .V,;
2.W0 New Jersey Central 145%
6€,500 New York Central 142%
Xorfolk & Western 44%
60,S09 Norfolk & Western prefd S2 j
o.BOO Northern Pacific '... 83*i
6,400 Northern Pacific prefd 88Ti !
Ontario & Western 2S*i j
Oregon Railway & Nav 42 j
....... Oregon Railway & Xav prerd 7« j
7.900 Pennsylvania ;...144% !
2S0O Heading 2i\
7,600 Reading lut prefd 69
S.000 Reading 2d preld 2«
Rio Grande Western 65
Rio Grande Western prefd 94
2,900 St Lou!s & San Fran 24
Ft Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 7714
l,90<) Ft Louis & Ban Fran 2d prefd 54
4.000 St Louis Southwestern 17%
13.H00 St Louis Southwestern prefd 42%
43.SOO 6t Paul 13«%
St Paul prefd 1S1%
....... Ft Paul & Omaha 124
E»,400 Southern Pacific 44%
SC.oro Southern Railway I2>4 ;
K.C00 Southern Railway prefd 72
2U.700 Texas & Pacific 23U
22.100 Vnlon PaciHc 77VI 1
4.100 Union Pacific prefd 83
».400 Wabaeh 12
4.200 Wabash prefd !5
1.S00 Wheeling & Lake Erie U44 j
3.900 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 31%
200 Wisconsin Central 1«*4
100 Third Avenue 117
100 IZaltlmcre & Ohio pr»rd 8S
4.200 National Tube 63Vi
100 National prefd 101V4 i
Kx;>re*s Com^ianies —
Adams 150
American 185 .
200 Tnlted States OS
Wells Fargo 138
Miscellaneous—
2.200 American Cotton Oil 22
American Cotton Oil prefd 91
*»0 American M*Utlng 6H
1,109 Amtrloon Malting prefd 2«4
5,000 American Smelting & Refining M\ |
MO American Smelting & Ret prefd.... J6%
American Spirits 2 1
American Spirits prefd 17
1.700 American Steel Hoop 31*1
200 American Steel Hoop prefd 76% j
€.400 American B!*>1 & Wire 44%
200 American Pteel & Wire prefd tl\
1,500 American Tin Plate M'k
American Tin Plate prefd M
13,600 American Tobacco 111T4
American Tobacco prefd 185
400 Anaconda Mining Co 47»;
9W Brooklyn Rapid Transit MH
7.000 Colorado Fuel & Iron 64%
3.000 Continental Tol»acco 34\4 I
600 Continental Tobacco prefd S2H j
«.K»0 Federal Steel 'Z&%
Federal Stwl prefd 7»*>i
4,000 General EJectrio „ m
TOO GlucoEf Sugar 48
Glucose Sugar prefd f>3
1.500 International Paper 24%
200 International Paper prefd... 72%
Laclede Gas 72
100 National Biscuit 8S%
National Blecutt prefd 90H
100 National Lead 19%
1<* National Lead prefd 92% !
4,800 National Steel 4034
1Q0 National Steel prefd S2%
100 New fork Air Brake 164»
1.000 North American 19%
Pacific Coast C9%
Pacific .Coo*t 1st prefd gg
Pacific Coa^t 2d prefd fig
1,600 Pacific Mull 44
45,650 People's Gas 101%
»0 Pressed Steel Car 4»
;00 Pnwsed Steel Car. prefd ; 8J
Pullman Ps-laee Car 200
Standard Rope A Twine - g
108.800 Sugar 140%
Bugar prefd 116
• «.C00 Tennessee Coal & Iron..... 64%
J,»nn United Rtatet Leather 14
100 United States Leather prefd '78
1.100 United State* Rubber a.. 28%
400 tTnlted States Rubber prefd gOVi
600 Western Union S3%
6.100 AmalpmatM Copper 93
1.000 Republic Iron & Steel lCJi
800 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 64
P C C 4 6t Louis '. M
LO4O.2W Ehar*s sold. ,
Ing. Tn« pretence of the money market was
also looked at with mspiclon and It was alleged
to be due to manipulation with a view to trap
the unwary Into speculative commitments in
stocks which would have to be sacrificed before
the end of the year. Conditions during the
week hare grown appreciably easier in the
money market. The Sub-Treasury operations
have contributed to the money market. Instead
of taking from It, as last week. Pension pay
ments have reached tbe maximum for the
month, and there have been larger payment of
ass«.y checks for gold deposited at Taclflc Coast
points. With the approach of December 31,
which terminates the i>ertod for refunding Gov
ernment bonds Into the new twos, there has
been a rush of bonds to the Sub-Treasury lor
transfer, and the payments of premiums on
these hae been an Item In replenishing the re
source* of the banks. Money has been loaned
for account banks and financial Institutions out
side of New York on a very lame scale. These
Institutions keep a large part of their reserves
on deposit In New York clearing-house banks
and the drafts on there deposits In the course
of placing loans account for the heavy shrink
age in the loan and deposit Items of New York
banks.
Sentiment is not an entire stranger to Wall
street and the holiday spirit and rejoicing over
the prosperity which an active bull market
brings to the Stock Exchange district have
rjayed their part in keeping up the enthusiasm
The market baffles detailed analysis or descrip
tion. In the aggregate number of shares dealt
in It hae been exceeded en former occasions,
but In the breadth and variety of the dealings
it passes beyond all previous experience. The
market Beemc-d capable of absorbing any
amount of offerings without at all Impairing it's
groat animation and underlying strength.
The railroad bond market has been actuated
by sympathy with the Mock market. The low
grade is.-.ies have been the favorites and have
ma.le strongly upward with occasional reac
tions fr.jm ej-eculattve pront-taking.
r.Jted States 2s advanced %, old 4s and 5s %
end 2s registered % per cent. The new 4s de
clined •* below the ruling call prices of a week
a ipo.
Laura R. and Charles H. Smith, Lulu S. and
Conrad C. Hornung. May S. and Arthur L.
Smythe. Frank J. and Neva E. Wight to Wil
liam J. Hocking, undivided V^ of lot on N Una
of Pln« street, 160 W of Larkln. W 4J by N
137:6: $1000.
Estate of Maggie Hall (or Mrs. S. R. Hall)
(by Maggio A. McAIeenan. executrix) to Jame*
F. Leahy, lot on N line of Erfdy street. lli:|
W of Franklin, W 25 by N 130; *.vM0.
Maggie A. McAIeenan and Lulu Flynn t«
same, same: $500.
James F. Leahy to Ernestine Kreling. samai
no.
Mary A. King (wife of Charles A.) to Kath
erlne. Esther, Harry E.. Thomas A. and Mar
garet Ccrbett and Theresa r\ Boyd. lot on N
line of Hayes street, 155 W of Octavia, W 50
by N 129; $1000.
Estate of Joseph M. Wood (by Abbie R. and
Martha Wood, executors) to Frederick R. anil
John A. DrinUhouae. lot on SEJ corner of Green
and Stelner streets. S 137:6 by E 137:6; $S253.
Harry \V. Goodall to John J. Wirtner. lot on
W line of Stciner street. 55 S of McAllister, 9
J7:6 by W 105: $3000.
Guatave and Susie Niebaun to Frances T.
Tyler (wife cf John F.). lot on X line of Carl
street. 275:7% W of Cole. W 50 by N 137:8; $5000.
Fannie C. Smith to Wiley B. Wilson, lot on
E line of Shrader street, 150 S of. Waller. 9
23 by E 125; $3)00.
Edwin T. Cooper to Harrv W. Goodall. lot oi\
S Una of Jackson street. 137:6 W of Locust, W
40 by S 127:3-4: $3500.
Estate of Emll D. Rosenbaum (by Sarah P^
senbaum and J. B. Lankershlm. executors) t»
Matthew I. Sullivan, undivided 1-36 of lot on
E line of Guerrero street. 190 8 of Thirteenth.
(Ridley). S 160 by B 2S0; $073.
Joseph and Max J. Brandenstela (trustees o?
estate of Albert 8. Rosenbaum). Samuel W.
Levy. Joseph and Jane Brandensteln, Samuel
M.. Albert M. and Charles W. Rosenbaum,
Virginia and Julia Strassburger to Patrick W.
Riordan. lot on SE corner of Guerrero and
Qulnn streets, E 2S0 by S 163; $34,000.
Matthew I. Sullivan to same, undivided 1-3*
of lot on E line of Guerrero street, 1D0 S of
Ridley (Thirt"»nth), S 180 by E 280; $1000.
Estate of John H. Moller (by J. B. MeMur
ray. administrator) to Catherine Burns, lot on
E line of Rondell place, 33C:8 8 of Sixteenth,
3 22:2, E 81:7%. 3 3:2. E 4:1 1-3, X 22:8, W 4:2.
N 2:10. W «l:7%; $1730.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Bank clearings show a gain over last year. j| - ~ -
Shipment of $i 99 , 2 8o to China.
Several local exchanges adjourned over Christmas.
Silver a fraction lower. Exchange unaltered. ,S { " j
Grain markets neglected and nominal. . '""' ,J
Hay and Bran weak and in ample supply. . _ ' 4'^'-
Beans Hrrn^but quiet.
Potatoes weak, Onions steady and Southern Vegetables fifm.
Dressed Turkey market breaks under, enormous receipts.
Game lower and neglected.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs stand without change.
Ko more Orange auctions till after January 1.
Dried^ Fndts, Nuts and Raisins Hat and nominal.
Provisions quiet at unchanged quotations.
Hides weak and dull, in sympathy with Eastern markets.
Wool and Hops very quiet and uncJianged.
Meat market slenderly supplied and firm. ! *""
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Atchlson, 47%; Canadian Pacific, 91U: Union
Pacific preferred, 85%; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 92*4; Grand Trunk. 7*4; Anaconda, »%;
bar' silver, steady, 29 9-16d per ounce; money.
3!IC3% per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
CLOSING
The markets here were fairly active to-day
ani the tone satisfactory. Americans buoyant,
above parity and at close were at best. Con
siderable profit-taking was neutralized by fresh
buying. The chief features were Chesapeake
and Ohio, St. Paul, Atchlson and ¦ Southern
corrmon. The last was largely bought. Money
was steady and the bank did a moderate busi
ness. It lost £55.000 gold to India.
NEW YORK. Dec. 22.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
WASHINGTON. Dee. 22.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $ 150, 000, 000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, ehoWs: Available cash
balance. $140,027,974; gold, JSS.013,081. .
Condition of the Treasury.
Exports of silver and gold from this port to
all countries for this week aggregate $1,467,185
silver bars and coin and $142,000 gold.
Imports of dry goods and merchandise to the
p<rt of New York this week were valued at
$l,120,(»9.
NEW YORK. Dec. 22.— The import* of tipecle
this week were $SS25 gold and $27,757 silver.
Movements of Specie.
The Financier nays: The statement of the
New York banks for the current week is of
a very favorable character from a- reserve
standpoint, and indicates that the turn of the
year will be made without disturbance in the
money market. The banks have gain«ni largely
In cofh. bcth on account of the Treasury dl*-.
burtements and receipts from the interior.
This of itself would have operated In counter
acting the influence of expanding loans and
deposit?, but as berth these items show a fur
ther shrinkare the reserve requirements have
been materially lessened "and the surplus In
creased $3,171,625. although' the cash holdings
are only $2,205,700 higher than a week ago. It
would be difficult to explain why. with the
stock market beating all records and general
business and all other conditions in a most
satisfactory Fhape. loans shuuld continue to
fall off. but the truth of the matter If that
O'ltfide banks are heavy lenders here, and whtle
new loans originate in New York, they are
placed In other cities. The decreased loan item
since the first of the month has been almoet
J17.tC0.000. Deposits have fallen oft* over $25.
090,000. while the cash reserve Is only a little
over a million less, than at that time. This
reflects the drain lrr cash, but as demands In
the Interior have been fully met there seems
to t* ground for the belief that the banks will
be able to meet all demands that may be made
by borrowers from this time on. .•
Weekly Bank Statement.
NEW YORK, Pec. 22.— The weekly statement
cf averages of the Associated Banks of New
York shows: Loans. $;S7,O9S,7C0; decrease,
$i.661,3C0. Deposit*, $2 U > S,SC4.400: decrease. $3.S63.
700. Circulation. $3C.9O2.5(,O; Increase. $178,500.
Legal tenders. M.157.1CO; Increase. $s:u,UC(i.
Specie, $1M,041.C<0; increase. $1,3S5.700. Total
nserve, $21si,19S,lCO; increase. J2.005.5C*. Reserve
requirements, $209,701,100; det-rease,' $3t>5,925.
Surplus reserve. $9,497,000: increase. $3,171,625.
Adams Con 20, Little Chief 15
Alice 40'Ontario 6 00
"reece 2 00 Ophir • 55
Brunswick Con ... 14lPhoenix 10
Cometock Tunnel.. 04JPoto?l 10
Con Cal & Va...... 1 30 Savage 10
Deadwood Terra .. 35 Sierra Nevada .... 20
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hope 65
Iron Silver 6i Standard 2 60
Leadvllle Con 05|
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific 77%
Call leans 4%g5%;Unlon Land Vft
Time loans 5%@6|Wefit End 93
Stocks— iWectin'gh Elec .... 05%
Atchlson 46%; Bonds
do prefd 83 lAtchlson 4s 101%
Am Hugar 140»i N E G & Coke 5s.. 44%
do prefd 115% Mining shares-
Bell Telephone ... 65 (Adventure 10* i
Boston & Albany. .253%JAHouez Min Co ... 2%
Boston Elevated ..15S Amalg Copper 93
C B & Q Hl^'Atlantic 27
Dom Coal 31 Boston & Mont 321
flo prefd 108 Butte & Boston.... 82
Fed Steel 65*4 Calumet & HecIa..82O
do prefd 79U!Centennial 21%
Fitchburg prefd ...138% Franklin 15
Gen Elec 195% Humboldt B0
do prefd 150 Oseeola 73%
Ed Eicc 111 217 Parrot 49
Mex Cent 14% Qulncy 174
Mich Telephone.... £. Santa Fe Copper... 6*4
N E'G & Coke.... 12*« Tamarack 329
Old Colony 202 Utah Mining 33%
Old Dominlo-i 29% Wlnona 4%
Rubber 28 Wolverines 45r»
MINING STOCKS,
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refunding. N Y Cent lsts 10»s«
reg 1C5 N J Cent gen 5s. .129
do coup 105% No Pac 3s 71 X
do 3s reg no do 4s 105%
do coup no N Y C & St L 4s. .103
do new 4s reg. ...138 Norf & W con 4s.. 99%
<»° coup 1S8 Or Nav l*ts HI
do old 4s reg 115 do 4a 102%
do coup 116 Or S Line 6s 120%
do Ss reg H3Vi do con 5s HiV*
do coup 113% Reading gen 4s .... SI
Di« Col 3.65s 125 R G W lsts 101
Atchison gen 4s....l02\ St L & I M con 5s.ll4»4
do adj +.* , 8»% St L & S F gen 6s. 130
Can So ids in« si Paul cons 160
Ches & Ohio 4»,is..lO4V» St P C & Pac lsts. 120%;
do Es 120^1 do 6s 122%
C & N W con Ts..n9VSo Pac 4s 82fc
do S F deb 5s.... 123 So Railway 5b 1UU
Chi Term 4s S5 S Rope & T 6s 77
Colo So 4s ?; Tex & Pac lsts... .114
D & R G 4s 101*4 do 2ds 85
Erie gen 4s S6% Union Pac 4a 107 U
Ft W & D C lsts.. gl'i Wabash lsts 117»»
Gen Elec 5s 164 do 2ds 108
Iowa Cent lsts 115V* West Shore 4s .. 4.114%
L & Nash unl 4s. ..101% \Vls Cent Ists $9%
M K & T 2ds 77% Va Centuries 96
do 4s 94*il
Exchange closes until December 26.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull:
winter patents. $3 65® 3 80; straits, $3 10£3 60;
clears, $2 905JJ3 30; spring special?, $4 30: d.> pat
ents. *4 40: strait*. $3^3 40: bakers', $2 20$i7S;
No. 3 spring wheat. C0@71c; No. 2 red, 72g74Vic:
No. 2 corn. 21\c: No. 2 yellow. 37%c; No. 2
oats, 22%&22»ic; No. 2 white, 25%@26%c; No. 3
white, 24%(T26c;'No. 2 rye, 50%c: fair to choice
malting barley, S2<05Sc: No. 1 flax seed. SI «S:
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 60; prime timothy seed,
$4 40: mess pork, per bbl, $1112%@U25; lard,
per- 1M lbs. $8 90®6 95; short-rib sides (loose).
$G£5@6GO; dry salted shoulders (boxed), &V»®
6%c; short clear sides tboxed). $6 C5Q-C 75; whii
ky, *asis of high wines, $1 27; clover, contract
grade, $10^10 25^ .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 85.000 21.00.J
Wheat, bushels 168.000 12.000
("cm, bushels 49t.0OO 116.000
Oats, bushels 265,000 92,000
Rye, bushels 6,fX)0 2.CW
Barley, bu«hels 50.000 14,000
On the Produce Exchance to-day the butter
market was dull; creameries. 15523c: dairies. 12
<rj20c. Cheese, dull, 10UffU?ic. Eggs, dull,
fresh, 20c. ,
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. I—
December 6»% 70U 69$ 70H
Januarj' "°H 70H 70V4 70V4
May 73 73^ 72% 73^4
Corn No. 2 —
December 39'4 38% 37*4 37«4
January 36 36 35',i S5H
May S3T4 35T4 30% :*%
Oats No. 2—
December 21H 21H 21% 21%
January ...t 21's
May 23% 2Z% 23Va 23«<j
Mess Pork, per bbl—
Januar>' 12 «H 12 224 12 17H 12 20
May 12 12^ 12 15 12 12\4 12 15
Lard, t>er 1C0 lba —
December 7 20 7 25 7 17% 7 20
January 0 82% 6 82% 6 SO 6 SO
May ...6 90 6 90 6 87% b 87%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January.... 6 17% 6 30 6 27% 6 £7%
May 6 35 6 37% 6 35 C 37<,j,
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brand* sell
about lo under Quotations. ' Heavy Salted
Steers. 10c; medium,;. 8c; light, $Hc;- Cow
hides. 9c for heavy , and 8%c for . light; Stags,
6 We; Salted Kip. I He; Salted Veal, We; Salted
Hides continue weak and quiet,' In sympathy
with the Eastern markets, which have recently
declined . somewhat. . Wool and Hops are dull
and unchanged. *' ' ¦
Hides, Tallow, Wool- and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll^UVje per lb for
heavy. -HViCtfc ioT light medium, 12i4®lSo for
light. :13%©14e for extra light and 15@15Uo for
sugar-cured; Eastern - sugar-cured Hams, UH6
12c; Mess^Beef. $12 M per barrel: extra Mess,
$13; Family. 114: extra Prime Pork, fit; extra
clear $19 M; Mess, $17; - Bmoked Beef, 15c per
pound. .
LARD— Tierces quoted at »\c per lb for com
pound and 9Hc for pure: half-barrels, pure,
9V,c: 10-lb tins. 10c: 5-lb tins, 10'ic.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel, 814c; three
half-barrels, 8c; one tierce. 7%c; two tierces,
7fcc: five tierce*. 7%c per lb.
previous prices rule, with a quiet market
Provisions.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sixes. Jc:
40-EOs, 7c; 5O-60u. 5Vic; 6O-70s, 3%c; 70-SOs. S^ C ;
50-SOs, 2%c; 90-10Cs, 2%c; 100s and over. 2c; ru
bles, %c premium; Sonoma*, He and San Joa.
quln's Uc less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots. ttP
8c for Royals and 10®10%o lor Moorparks-
Fvaporated Apples. 5iSGc: »un-dried. 3H(8IHc-
Peaches. 4@5c for standard, 6® 8c for choice
and 6%@7c for fancy; Pears, ?@7c; Plum*.
Dittet! BSfttVic: unpltted. l@lHc; Nectarines, ia
SVtc for red and 5H««c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the .following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
ncr lb; choice. He; standard, S%c; prime, Sc;
unbleached Thompson^. 8c per lb. Sultanng—
Fancy, MHc per lb: choice, 9Hc; standard, i\a;
prime 8c; unbleached Sultanas. 8o; Seedless
50-lb boxes. «'/4c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers!
2-crown. II 60 per box: 3-crown. $1 60; Fancy
Ousters. 12: Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
C NUTS— Chestnuts. 7%B9c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1. softshell. lie; No. 2, 8c; No 1
hardshell. 10c: Wo. 2. THe:- Almonds. 12?M3c for
papershell. 9«Uc rcr ¦ softshell : Peanuts. 6©« a
for Eastern: Brasil Nuts. J3c: Filberts. 13c; Pe
cans. 110130: Cocoanuts. »3 50iBf5.
HONEY— Comb. 13\4@«Ke for bright and 12\4
Ol3c for llrht amber-, water whit*, extracted.
7K«8o; light, amber, extracted, 6%@7c; dark.
Cit(\ic per lb.
BEKSWAX-M@Mo per lb.
The Cured Fruit Association has reduced
prices somewhat on the larger sized Prunes for
export. Domestic quotations remain unchanged.
The market Is flat and neglected. Trade Is at
a standstill.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oransroo. flC?2 50;
Seedlings. 75c(g$l 50; Tangerines, U®1 25; Man
darins, $li??l 25: Lemons. 20c(ff$l 25 for common
and $1 50®2 50 for good to choice: Gran*» Fruit,
75cf@$l 50; Mexican Limes. |4(f?4 50; California
Limes. 2SfT3oc; Bananas. $1®2 per bunch; Plne
arpl<?». $1© 2 I> er dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
PERSIMMONS— Nominat.
CKANBKKKIKS- Jerseys, $1J: Wlsconslns,
113 f,0; Cape Cod. $14 per barrel; Coos Bay, $2 50
©2 7R dm- hnr.
STRAWBERRIES— Large berrle*, $3jJ5 per
chest. . . „
Fine Spltzenberg Apples are firm at the good
prices." though such stock is scare. Common
Apples are In heavy supply and weak.
UKClliUOUS KHUITto—
APPI.KS— 30<f?E0<' per box *nr. common bt,*
6Gc<fS$l 25 for good to choice; Spltz?nbergs, $1{J
1 73; Or^eon Spitsenbergs, $1@1 25; Lady Ap
ples. $1 75©3 DO per box.
VKAMS — S5c«»l 5" p«?r tox.
There will be no more Orange auctions until
after the turn of the year, as the Southern
parking houses close during Christmas week.
All citrus fruits are in good supply and steady
at unchanged prlceB.
Cranberries are extremely scarce and firm.
Not for yean have stocks been so light.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
KGGS—
California ranch — Selected white, S5c;. mixed
colors. 32%c per doaen.
California Gathered— Fancy, 30c; standard,
28c; seconds, 24c." ,
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, 30e; sec
ci.ds. k
Storage— California fancy. !3c; standard, ;
Eastern, fancy, 26c; standard, ; seconds,
Keg— 20c per lb. i
CHEESE— Fancy full cream. 13c; choice. He;
common, nominal; Young Americas, 13Hc;
Eastern, full cream. 15®18%c per lb.
llfl'fER-
Creamerj" — Extras, 27c; firsts, 25c; seconds,
Dairy— Extras, be; firsts, 21c; seconds, 19c;
store, 15c.
Storage — Creamery extras. 22> x c; firsts, 21c;
seconds. 20c; dairy extras, 19c
Pickle— 20c per lb.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were 57.300 lbs Butter, 409 cases California
Eggs, 1970 cases Eastern Eggs and 4130 lbs
Cheese. •
Prices were unchanged on the Dairy Exchange.
Butter and Eggs were quoted steady, chiefly
owlnB to the Christmas demand, as receipts of
both were liberal. Cheese ruled firm, as usual.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
GAME— Quail, $1 25; Mallard, 13: Canvasback,
MC0S3; Sprig. $2; Teal. $l(gl 50: Widgeon, $1@
160: Small Duck. $191 50; Black Jack. $125;
Gray Geese, $3; White Geese. $1@1 25; Brant,
$1 2&©1 50 for small and $1 75(g2 for large. Hon
kers, $4 SO; English Snipe, $l75g2; Jack Snipe,
$1 Sfll 50; Hare. $1©1 K; Rabbits. II 25 for Cot
tontail and $1 for Brush; Doves, 65c per dozen.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13*4@14c for Gob
blers and 13*6*"fl4c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
105513c; Eastern Drsssed Turkeys. 10<J?l+e;
Geese, per pair. Jl 50®2: Goslings, $1 73g2;
Ducks, J35J-4 for old and $4 50(56 for young;
Hens. $3*?5; Young Roosters. $4 50(^5; Old Roos
ters. $3 50<g4; Fryers, $4@4 50; Broiler*. $3 75@4
for large and $?@3 50 for small; Pigeons, tl per
dozen for old and $2^2 25 for Squabs.
Poultry and Game.
-The market was overwhelmed with dressed
Turkeys. Not for several years has there been
such a supply. As near as can be ascertained
the arrivals of California and Oregon stock
amounted to about 250 tons, while there were
several more cars of Eastern. It Is estimated
that the week's receipts from the East, In
cluding those cars here but not yet put on.
foot up 18 care, an unprecedented amount. Of
course the market could not hold up under
this immense load and prices broke. Almost
every fruit commission merchant had cases of
Turkeys to sell, outside of the regular receiv
ers, and large stocks were carried over at the
close.
Other Poultry was nominal, as usual during
the Turkey season.
Game was in large supply, neglected and
lower.
VEGETABLES-Green Peas, 8<SJ10c per lb:
String Beans, 10® 15c; Cabbage. 03c; Tomatoes,
gelrs. 10«T12Vic per lb; Green Peppers from Loj
Angeles. 2H@Sc per lb: Dried Peppers, 9@llc;
geles. 2V4®8c per lb; Dried Peppers. 9&Uc:
Dried Okra. lOiftlSc per lb: Carrots, 25<g33c per
box; Cucumbers, 75c; Hothouse Cucumbers.
?1 59 per dozen; Summer Squash, $1 30®l.T5:
Garlic. 4**T6c per lb; Marrowfat Squash. $12®
15 per ton; Mushrooms, 8igl5c per lb.
POTATOES— River Reds. 70®S3c; Burbank3.
30^500 for River and $1©1 25 per ctl for Sa
linas and 50®95c for Oregon; Sweets, 40@60o
for Rivers and 75390c for Merced.
ONIONS-U 60© 1 85 per ctl; Cut Onions. |1
<gl 25 per ctl.
Everything stands about the same. Pota
toes are weak. Onions steady and summer Veg
etables in moderate supply and firm.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50@2 75; Canary,
3*,ic per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 7V4@»Hc; Rape, 2U@3c; Hemp. 4@4Hc;
Timothy, ifftlic.
DRIED PEAS— Nile*. $2©2 50; Green. $2 70
@3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50®2 75; Small White,
$4 35©4 50: Large White. $3 50®3 75; Pink, $2 10
•02 15; Red, ?2 75®3; Blackeye, $3; Llmas. $5 35©
6 40; Pea. SI 2i©4 50; Red Kidney. $3 75@4 per
ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Business will probably be dull from now on
until the turn of the year. Beans continue
firmly held.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $1S@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, *2S@2S: Jobbing.
$26 60: Cocoanut Cake. $17©18; Corn Meal, $26©
26 SO: Cracked Corn, S26 50^27; Mixed Feed, $15
@16.
HAY— Volunteer. S5&8; Wheat. $11©13 50;
Wheat and Oat. $10®12 50; Oat. $3312: Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, $S&>9 50; Barley, $7 50<83 50
per ton.
STRAW— S5@47ttc per bale.
MIDDLINGS-$16 50®19 50 per ton
Bran Is In good supply and weak" at the
quotation. There Is no change whatever in
Hay.
BRAN— $14Cgl5 per ton.
Hay and Feed stuffs.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade; Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, 13 75; Ry«
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, (7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do. $3 60; Oat Groats, H 60; Hom
iny, $3 5C@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, J4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat, S3 60; Farina. 14 £0; Whole
Wheat Flour, *3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), J6tf
7 2S; In sacks, $5 7557; Pearl Barley, $3; Split
Peas, {5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 ibs.
$2 7533 for bakers': Washington, bakers', 13 75
SATURDAY. Dec. B-U m.
Eid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha. 01 i>3 Justice 01 01
Alta 04 OS'Kentuck 01 1)3
Andes 07 08 ; Lady Wash ... — 03
Belcher 12 15 Mexican 29 30
Best & Belcher 23 25 Occidental 04 CS
Bullion 02 w'Ophlr 80 tl
Caledonia 45 48 Overman 09 li»
Chollar 13 :t:Potost 13 13
Challenge Con. 11 15: Savage 14 15
Confidence 55 6oiSco.-pion — C4
Con Cal & Va..l 4.% 1 SOjSeg Belcher ... 03 04
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 24 25
Con New York. 01 — j Silver Hill 46 47
Eureka Con.... — S3'St Louis — 10
Cr-jwn Point... 10 11 : Standard 3 05 3 20
Exchequer — El'Syndicate — 12
Gould & Curry 32 33' Union Con 13 19
Hale & Norc... 17 Is! Utah 05 C«
Julia — W Yellow Jacket.. 16 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
MINING STOCKS.
Th« following were the sales In the 3an Kran
ctsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 12 100 Ophlr •*
100 Chollar 13 ICO Savage ......... 14
100 Con Cal & Va..l 50 300 Union Cob .... 19
200 Gould & Curry 35
The following were the sales In the Pmclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
2C0 Chollar 13.' 300 Con Cal ft Va..l «
Westshore .. ~| 1*1 I ••
Wolverines I — I » •
Flour, qr sks 10,86S|Hldes, No 432
Wheat, ctls 5,7451 Wine, gals 44,803
Barley, ctls 8,525 Brandy, gals .... 2.4C0
Oate. ctls 8)0 Tallow, ctls 4C0
Corn. East. ctls.. 600ILn»ather. rolls .... 58
Potatoes, sks 2,G03Sugar. ctls S.500
Onions, sks 7« V 2 ¦Quicksilver, flsks 345
Bran, sks 1.335. Lime, bbls 273
Middlings, sks .. 2S0 Chicory, bbls .... 15
Hay. tons 265 Wool, bales 4
Pelts, bdls 190 Beans, sks 323
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 9,301 Onions,* ska 317
Oats, ctls 630 Bran, sks 7,250
Potatoes, sks ... 2.C77 Middlings, sks .. 210
FOR SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22.
Receipts of Produce.
SALMON— Round lots are quoted as follows:
Alaska red. Jl 20; medium do, $1 10; pink. 95c:
Columbia River, Chinook. $1 75 for tails and
tl S5 for flats; barreled Salmon, $10 for Alaska
barrels and $5 50 for half-barrel3.
SL'GAK— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.15c; Powdered, 6.75c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.75c; Dry Granulated. 5.«8o; Confec
tioners' A, 5. Sac: Magnolia A, 5.25c; Extra C.
6.15c; Golden C, 6.C5o; barrels. lOo more; half
barrels, Kc more; boxes. 50c more; 60-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half-bar
rels, 6.40c; boxes. 6.65c per lb.
RICE— China mixed. $4 25®4 30; No. 1. $4 70®
4 85; extra. J5@5 50: Japanese, $4 93@5 50; Louis
iana. ti'S'i; Hawaiian, $4 75® 4 87"^ per ctl.
COAL— Wellington. J9 ! per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. J3; Seattle. |7: Bryant. |7; Coos
Bay. {5 50; Wallsend. 13: Co-operative Walls
end. ?S; Cumberland. J12 In bulk and $13 3 la
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg $14; Can
cel. $10 per ton; Coke, Jl» per ton In bulk and
flS In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. IS 45
per 20C0 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to
brand. . ¦
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, S3 K: Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6%c; Wool Bags,
2SH®32V4c; Fleece Twine. 7%c; Fruit Bags.
6VsQ«^*c for white and S«4j?S%c for bleached
Jute.
General MercJtandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%c for small and 5Hc for
medium and 5*4@S»4e for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5f?5*4c; dressed Hogs, THgS&c.
LAMB— 10®10»4c per lb.
VEAL— Large, S®0c; small. 9®l0c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9£*14c; Ewes, 8H89c Per
lb. * ¦¦:-¦', ¦-¦¦¦-..
Supplies of all descriptions continue slender
and the market rules firm.
BEEF— 7@Sc for steers and SQTc per lb for
cows.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6\4©8c: do lambs 8
©9c; Middle County. HJlOc; Northern Mountain
free, 10@llc: Southern Mountain. 7HG8>»c'
Humboldt and Mendoclno, UQlZc P« lb. '
HOPS-12tri6c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15©lSc; Northern, defective 12
©14c; Middle County, free, 13916c; Middle
County, defective, 12®14c; Southern Mountain.
12 months'. s>}U0c: Southern Mountain, free 7
months', ll@12c; Southern Mountain, defective
7 months', &'«Uc; Humboldt and Mendoclno
16@17c: Nevada. 13ft 16c per lb.
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. lSHCHc: culls. UHeilc:
Dry Kip. 15® 16c; Dry Calf. 1S@16U C ; culls and
brands. Ho; Bheepsklns. shearlings, 20® 30c
each; short Wool. 30® 50c each; medium. 60>a"75c;
long Wool, 75cgU each; Horse Hides, salt,- 12 60
62 75 for large and 12 25 for medium, tl 15 for
small and 60c for colts; Horse Hides, dry, {1 75
for large, II BO for medium, $1 25 for small and
60c for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins.
S5c; fall cr medium skins, 30c; whiter or thin
skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c;
large and smooth, 50c: medium. 33c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4fte per lb: No
1. SHc; grease, I©2Hc.
ielpts had a depressing effect on corn. Phil
ips' selling* of May and January waa the feat
ii-e. May held fairly steady and January and
December were weak throughout. May sold
between S5%c and 35%c and closed He lower At
!5Hc; December closed le lower at 87%c; J&au.
irV closed Ho lower at 35%c.
Oats were dull and neglected."
Provisions were dull bursteady on 'lighter
log receipts than expected, uanuary pork and
lbs closed unchanged, lard lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALrL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
THE STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Dee.. 12.— Preceding: three day**
suspension of business the session In the wheat
p!t was extremely dull. The Inclination of
traders to keep out of the market over the holi
day* was not affected by the news,' which was
colorless. Liverpool was Inactive and prices
practically unchanged. Northwest receipts wero
liberal. Minneapolis confirmed - re:x>rts of a
heavy flour business for export yesterday - and
millers were said to be buying wheat. . Ar
gentine news waa conflicting. May opened HQ 1
>ic lower at 72?4e, aold between 72-*>iQ72 T <ic and
?iH«. ana closed unchanged at 73Ho. - '
Freer country offerings ana accumulating r«-
31
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Momine Session.
Board —
4000 California-Standard 3J
liOO California-Standard 36
CO Caribou „ 63
800 Caribou 64
B00 Cailbou 65
1225 Four Oil Ct»... 49
10 Four Oil Co so
50 Home Oil ,....» 3 90
800 Home Oil 8 85
lOO Home OU 3 80
10O Lion OU Co 21
1100 I-icn Oil Co 10
15C0 McKlttrick «. IS
600 Monte Crlsto X 65
100 Occidental of West Virginia.. 63
3000 Petroleum Center t 24
I11DO Reed Crude Oil CO {4
250 San Joaqutn Oil & Dev 9 75
25 Sterling Oil & 1> Co 2(0
Street—
50 Caribou IS
CLOSING QDOTATtOXS.
SATURDAY. Dec 22—10:45 a. m.
STOCK. . ' Bid. Asked.
California-Standard 85 3«
Caribou 85 TO
Four 49 60
Hanford — 110 OO
Hanford, Fresno. Kern River.. « 50
Home . • 3 80 8 65
Homeptake — 10 75
Independence JO 22
K«rn 9 50 _
Kern River 15 75 IS SO
Lion Oil Co , — 20
McKlttrlck Consolidated ....... 46 53
McKtttrtek* 3S —
Monte Crlsto 1,60 1 65
Occidental of West Virginia,.. Vl S3
Petroleum Center 23 25
Reed Crude 54 -.5
Rex ;....... ¦ — 75
Shamrock 90 S3
Sterlln* O A D Co • -J W —
Twenty-efeht S tX% I 40
WesUake ~».~ - » —
STOCK.
Thiu
S*~ay>n.
I Last
j Season.
20.01
i.tl
s.ot .
S.'iS
2.27
%.n ,
l.TJ
23.25
».7»
S.00
S.67
4.«7
1«7
t-n
1.62
Momine Session.
Board —
4000 California-Standard 3J
liOO California-Standard 36
CO Caribou „ 63
800 Caribou 64
B00 Cailbou 65
1225 Four Oil Ct»... 49
10 Four Oil Co so
50 Home Oil ,....» 3 90
800 Home Oil 8 85
lOO Home OU 3 80
10O Lion OU Co 21
1100 I-icn Oil Co 10
15C0 McKlttrick «. IS
600 Monte Crlsto X 65
100 Occidental of West Virginia.. 63
3000 Petroleum Center t 24
I11DO Reed Crude Oil CO {4
250 San Joaqutn Oil & Dev 9 75
25 Sterling Oil & 1> Co 2(0
Street—
50 Caribou IS
CLOSING QDOTATtOXS.
SATURDAY. Dec 22—10:45 a. m.
STOCK. . ' Bid. Asked.
California-Standard 85 3«
Caribou 85 TO
Four 49 60
Hanford — 110 OO
Hanford, Fresno. Kern River.. « 50
Home . • 3 80 8 65
Homeptake — 10 75
Independence JO 22
K«rn 9 50 _
Kern River 15 75 IS SO
Lion Oil Co , — 20
McKlttrlck Consolidated ....... 46 53
McKtttrtek* 3S —
Monte Crlsto 1,60 1 65
Occidental of West Virginia,.. Vl S3
Petroleum Center 23 25
Reed Crude 54 -.5
Rex ;....... ¦ — 75
Shamrock 90 S3
Sterlln* O A D Co • -J W —
Twenty-efeht S tX% I 40
WesUake ~».~ - » —
STOCK.
Thiu
S*~ay>n.
I Last
j Season.
20.01
i.tl
s.ot .
S.'iS
2.27
%.n ,
l.TJ
23.25
».7»
S.00
S.67
4.«7
1«7
t-n
1.62
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'. Steamers leave Broad-ray
•v wharf. Ban Francisco:
ivis-j*. Frr A'a.«kan Ports— 11 a. rn.,
i^^^V^ Dec - "• 2Tl Jan - •• Chang 1 * ta
j^^S?^SK sompany's stpam^ra at 8eatt>.
'fiVP^ 1 vSi F*or Victoria. Varcouver iFl.
Jm^rtJS^ C). Port Tcwwsnd, Seattle.
jLJJ^ftyfiSSli Tacom.1. Kv»re:t. Anacones
f^^*%jrti?Aj and Xc-w Whatcom fWasi)-.
11 a. m., Dec. ». 27. Jan. 1
and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Seattls or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. rn., Dec.
24, 29. Jan. S. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stoppiniir only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (*Loa An-
s;eles> — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. :
steamer Santa Rosa. Sunday-*. 9 a. ra.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Slwecn. Cay-
ncos. Port Harford 'San Ln!» Oblspo). Oavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
Kast San Pedro (Los Anwlij) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m. ; steamer
Bonlta, Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. MasdaJena Bay. San Josi del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Ouaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m. 7th aach month
For further information obtain oompaay's
foliJers.
Tha company reserrrs tha right to chsng*
steamers, sailing dates and hour* of ealllns
withotit previous nntlce.
TICKET OPFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. G«n. A«*nta.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
HE 0. R. & S, CO,
•DISPATCH FAST 8TEA iTETRS TO
From Spear-street "RTherf at 11 a. m.
CARP £12 First Cla»» XnctxHifiK Utrrth.
lAnr. $8 Second Class and ifeala.
COLUMBIA Sails _..r>ea 2l7jaa. 3
GE». W. ELDER 8all» J>»a a
Bhcrt Line to Walla Walla, Spokaaaj Butts.
Helena and ail points in tha NarOnrest.
Through, tickets to all points East.
E- C. WARD, OcneTal Ax«ciV
tto Market Kt
TOYO KAMA.
STEAMERS "WTtjIi LEAVB VmA3B&, C5OR-
n#r First and Brannan rtrwts, at In. fit.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKOXO. c-illlas at
Kobe (Hioso). Nagasaki and EbamrhaJ, and
conncctinr at Hcmglconr wtth steemers for In-
dia, etc Xo cargo reoeiT«d on board on doqr at
sailing.
.,„. ffeturdaT, Ewsemb«r 0^1308
SS. HOXGKOffTQ MAilC...^. ,.^..^.
TlinraxSay, JaAxmer 2<. tMt
SS. NIPPON MARC j... — v-^
Ttwadat. S"«brnarT D» 1901
Round-trip tickets at wotcw ratWl For
fretrht and pa^siff*? apply at corapany*» oCace,
«t M^rVet ¦^^¦g^ff^Us^l A*** .
AMERICAN LfNE
BXW TORX. BOVTHAXTTOS. LOCDOS. TUSSX '
StoDPinc at Cbarboarc. wvafwonndk
From K*w Tork EJrery \%»da««d^?f. » a, to.
Bt. Lout-J, Pec. 281j^ooMlai>J
Kew York Jan. J Frteslaad ..|«.n
Kenstsgton Jan. 9lVader!and ......Jan. 33
RED STAR LINTS}
Now York and Antwarp.
•jTrom New Tork Every Wednesday, 13 JSooa.
Westernland ...Peo. t«|Xoordlan4 .^^Jhn. Jtf
Westernland ...Jan. t FrteslancV .^^..JsA. M
Kensington Jan. 91 SoathwaA .....Jan. i»
INTERNATIONAt, NAVIGATION OCWANt.
CilAS. JX TATtiOB,
General Asm-t Pacifio Coas*,
SO MoTttgomery s%
oceonlc S.S.Co. sssbWMg
VVVmUV <?.<y»VV. OlSECTU-IETOtAHlW
S3 ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)..-.—,.
Wednesday, December t& J p. mw
83 ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Baimna, N*nr
Zealand and Australia. «i:u"y#*
Wednesday. January a. 1901. I (s rn.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.... --^..»
Sncday. January 8, 4 p» m.
i. 0. SP3EMELS I BEDS. CO., Escsral Aasnts. 327 3irW St
Oia'l Passsntjtr Otfia, 843 Hartit St., Per la. 7. hafis U
PANAMA R.R..SK?
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
S. S. ROAKOKE sails January 8.
S. S. ST. PAUL sails January 29,
From wharf, foot of Fremont st. at 9 p. m.
Freight and passenger office, 330 MartM «V
p. F. CONNOR. Paclfla Coast Agtni
C0-4PA0NIS OENSRALS TRAN3ATLA5Ttt}Ur.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVHE-PARIS. ir-tsii
8alllng every Thursday, instead qf<flntjfo
¦Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. ••isiiri'WIb
North River, foot of Morton stre«t Firrt-class
to Havre, 1"3 and nn.ward. Second class tn
Havre, $45 and unvard. OF'NKRAl. AGEXCT
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANAtiA. M
Broadway (Hud.«on buildrn*;). N«w Tone J.
F. FUQAZI & CO., Pacific Coasf Agenta. I
Mont-rotnery avenue. San Franelsca . Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. RAYY YARD AND VALLE&
Steamer "Montlcella.**
MON.. Tu<?s.. Wed., Thur«. and Sat.' at 9:13
a. m-, 3:13. SiM p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri.
days. 1 p. m ana 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. ta.; i
p. m. JJk&Unx and office. Mlssion-stf««t Dock,
Pier No. I- Telephone Main 15CJ.
*±xn • — •»•Dr. Harrington Arraigned.
Dr. Ralph E. Harrinsrton. charged wltM
the murder of Jennie McKown. Ills sweet
heart, by performing an illegal operation
upon her, was arraigned before Judg»
Lawlor yesterday. He pleaded not guilty
and his trial was set for January 9.
Judge Cook yesterday sentenced John J.
Moran to two years In Folsom penitenti
ary on the charge of burglary. Moran Is
an ex-eoldier. He broke the window of J.
Macowsky's Jewelry store, 211 Kearny
street, and stole a watch.
Cornelius Sweeney was sentenced to five
Prisoners Sentenced.
Injured by a Truck Wheel.
L. E. Donnegan, a teamster, had a frae«
ture of hfs left leg treated at the Receiv
ing Hospital by Dr. Robinson yesterday
evening-. Donnegan was driving a horsa
and truck along Fifth street, and whea
about to turn out of that street into Har
rison the truck tipped over, throwing hira
out of his seat. The wheel passed over
his lesr. fracturing the bone. The Injured
man resides at 210 Perry street.
Poolroom Men Arrested.
Following the decision of the police that
all men operating in poolrooms should be
arrested on a charge of vagrancy, Zick
Abrams, Joe Peckerman, Al Levy and Jo
seph Mohan were arrested yesterday by
Policeman L. L. Levings and booked at
the City Prison. J. C. Duncan was also
arrested for violating the ordinance
against pool selling.
year's in Kolsom for burglary. He brokn
into the residence of W. S. Taylor. 16-J8
"Washington street, and stole a lot of cu
rios.
Allan Helns. an ex-soldier, was con
victed by Judge La-wlor yesterday of slro*
pie assault and was sentenced to sixty
days in the County Jail. He got into a
fight in a Dupont-etreet saloon and cut a
man with a penknife, but was badly bat
tered In the encounter.
Stratton yesterday suspended from duty
and pay for ten days Assistant Weigrhers
A. W. Chenoweth and J. L. Pond. They
were charged with having accepted money
from John Rosenfeld's Sons for waiting
for the arrival of the British ship Robert
Adamson, laden with coal for John "Rosen
feld's Eons' bunkers, instead of filling out
the necessary blank and filing it in th©
Custom-house. . .
Unknown Man Drowned.
Asa Henness. a member of the South
Side Uve-saving station, found the body
of a man, early yesterday morning rolling
in the breakers two miles south of the
Cliff House. The body had been in the
water a month or longer and the features
wore unrecognizable. - It was five feet
eight inches tall, 160 pounds weight, black
hair, dark blue sack, coat and- pants of
military make, black laced shoes and gray
woolen underwear. Two of •: the ...'upper
and. lower, teeth were gone.'- The remains,
ltls believed, are those of a soldier. .;.-.<• -
Music in the Park.
The Fark Banfl will render the following to
day: -j ¦
March. "Hall to the Spirit of Liberty" ....
Sousa
Overture, ># S<»niirftml<le" Rossini
Selection. "The Singing Girl" Herbert
"Russian Peasant Dane*." .Ascher
Th»me« from the ¦"Bohemia.n Girl" Balfe
Overture, "Migrnon" Thomas
"Dance of the Hours" from "Gloconda"
.....Ponchielll
"Benediction of the Poignards".. I... Meyerbeer
"In Darkest Africa" ...Sousa
"Rocky Mountain" two-step :.Bo»sert
110 Kearny street
As Xmas is at hand ladles should re
member that Berwin & Gassner have an
excellent line of furs to select from to
make holiday presents with, particularly
the $125 sealskin Jacket, which is made In
different styles, and so much . spoken of.
Ladies Should Remember.
Sailor Assaulted by Thugs.
B. Olsten, a sailor, while walking along
Howard street near First last night was
assaulted by three men, and after being,
beaten to insensibility was robbed of* a
small amount of money. ' The unfortun
ate man was found by a policeman, who
had him removed to the Harbor Hospital,
where it was found that he had sustained
several ugly larcerated wounds of. the
scalp. Hla assailants are unknown!
To-morrow. will be a gala day for ladies.
Shoes that cost $2 50 a pair will be placed
on the table to pick from for only 75'cts.
a pair at bankrupt shoe sale of; the Cali
fornia, 1506 Marketst.. near. City. Hall av.»
Ladies Are Especially Invited.
DEUPREY CLAIMS HE IS
UNABLE TO PAY ALIMONY
Files Affidavit in Which. He Asserts
That He Is Insolvent and Im
poverished.
Assistant District Attorney Eugene N.
Deuprey Is still occupied in the effort to
evade the court judgment. directing him
to pay his former wife, Florence L. Deu
prey, alimony in the sum of $100 a month.
Deuprey filed an affidavit yesterday in
which he pleads poverty— complete In
solvency—and consequent inability to obey
the court's order.
"Eugene N. 'Deuprey says on oath," the
afT.davit reads, " • • , !V that th© amount
of his monthly salary is all necessary for
the support of his present family; that
his failure to pay alimony to' his first wife
Is not willful in any sense, but is from
sheer Inability to possess sufficient fin
ances to pay and that he Is insolvent.
"Plaintiff herein is In possession of and
enjoys a large separate, estate and that
affiant is impoverished and has no estate,
his only means of subsistence being his
salary for official duties and none other.
• ? • Affiant also salth that ha finds it
impossible .to pay said sum of $100 a
month and -. for that reason alone has
failed to pay." • ¦¦ ¦.
As Assistant District Attorney Deu
prey'g salary is, $300 a month, and Judge
Dalngerfleld, when he adjudged him
guilty of contempt of court on December
B last, for non-compliance wlth'the order,
announced that in his opinion Deuprev
was guilty of willful contempt, and. if
he so desired, was In a position to meet
the mandate of the order he violated.
Frmnk Koeniir. €61 Q+ary street: James But
ler, S384 Twenty-elxth street: William G. Bad
ger, 415 Sacramento street; James Humphrey.
51«4 Ge8ry street: H. W. Gooriall. »outhea*t
corner PJerc* and McAllister street*; James II.
Barrj',- W>7 Broderlrk f>tr*><»t; Thomas N.
Holme*. 512 Market fttvrf. Thomm» Morton, 674
Geary street; Jam*-* B. Stetson. l*ol Van Npph
avenue; Joseph Jordan. 2541 MlF?icn street; Kd
*ard P. Danforth. »outtnv(«.«t corner Ratt'ry and
Broadway etrc*"fy: :.Tfmothy P. iilordan. 1413
Poev •trfrct: Julius I'lotsh^k. 7^3 Fost street:
Petrr J. Lninne.' 1455 leaven worth Ktrwt; J^
rom,« A. Hart. 248 Putter 5tr'-et: P. O. Aherne.
8470 Twentieth >tr**t: Ix>we{| Howe. 315 Golden
Ca.te avenue;' ' B.' A.' Schmlt*. 214 Pansome
»tre»t: William 'H. Iaiiz. 1"^ Uakf'r <stre*>t;
John Elliott. Olympic Club: Horace D. Dunne.
C10 Montgomery strpft; Uoforrt H. Vail. 1900
Green utreet; IjTman I* !¦;. Meyer. 210 Bat
tery etreet: Christopher Hunker. 332 Kremont
street; Harry .M. Kell-y. Z1Z «>!ifornla «tre»t;
J>. R. McNeill. 1189 Market strort: Carl Ilonry.
SIS Sansome ttre-t; n.. J. L* Hreion. m< But
ter street: . H. .H. Younc. 1.VI3 Goush «tre«t;
Harry W. lUmsdcH. MX Montgomery *tre»t.
On Wednesday Judgo Bahrs will hear
the excuses of those who will be unabta
to serve and from the names remaining
Mr. Goddard will draw the names of nine
teen to constitute the Grand Jury.
Inquisitorial Body Will Be Chosen
From the Xdst Before Presiding
Judge Bahrs. 'JK;Y
Ch!ef Deputy County Clerk Joseph God
dard drew the names of thirty citizens
yesterday, from which list the next Grand
Jury will be chosen. The drawing took
place In Presiding Judge Bahr's depart
ment of the Superior Court. Following
are the names and addresses of those
drawn:
NAMES FOB NEW GBAND
JTJB.Y DRAWN FROM BOX
Christmas . Wasp— New "West beautiful
ly ; Illustrated. Send . to . Eastern friends.
Price 25a • : ¦• - • .;¦ ,
The benefit concert tendered to William
McDonald, late of the Bostonian*. drew
a crowded house at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s
Hall lnst evening. McDonald early in the
year was stricken with total blindness,
caused by an attack of la grippe, and is
just recovering his Blpht. A pleasing pro
gramme was rendered, among the artists
taking part being Mrs. J. E. Birmingham,
Miss Hose Broderlck, Homer Henley, J.
F. Veaco. George Hammersmith, .-the
Berkeley Students' pextet and the Rell
anco Glee J^lub. McDonald also apoeared.
and the hearty reception accorded him
was a strong proof of his popularity.'
Benefit to William McDonald.
The burden of debt which has long ham
pered the .University of the Pacific is
about to be swept away. The ability, per
sonal energy and persuasive force of such
men as Bishop J. W. Hamilton, Dr. Hea
cock and their associates have been ac
tively employed in securing pledges of
financial assistance. Great success has
attended their efforts. The sum total of
.the debt is $60,000. Responsible pledges for
the payment of $53,000 have been secured.
The sum of $7000 is yet to be ralsed,*but
this amount must be paid in or signed for
before the first day of January. 190L
Bishop Hamilton's emergency appeal
explains that the "lawyer who drew the
subscription framed it in such a way that
all would be lost if the total of $60,000 was
not pledged by January 1.
The University of the Pacific, situate at
College Park, near San Jose, is an educa
tional institution of high character. Its
roll of graduates' embraces the names of
many leading citizens or California who
have acquired honors in public life and
success in the fields of professional activ
ity. The university is not denominational
In the accepted sense of that term, but it
has received its greatest support and
chief inspiration from Methodism In Cali
fornia. Friends of higher education, with
out regard to creed or sect, will rejoice
with Bishop Hamilton that the university
promises a long career of enlarged use
fulness.
The public-spirited people of San Fran
cisco have come to the relief of the State
University, which, owing to an unprece
dented growth has found its limited finan
cial resources inadequate to meet the de
mands for carrying on the work properly.
At a largely attended meeting in the
Maple room of the Palace Hotel last even
ing a permanent organization was effect
ed ana a committee win go to Sacramen
to and labor with trite legislators in se
curing the passage of a bill calculated to
supply the university with the desired ad
ditional revenue. The bill will provide
for a tax upon direct inheritances and for
an Increase in the charges for filing ar
ticles of . incorporation and in the, fees
imposed on foreign corporations locating
in this State.
A resolution embodying the above
articles was introduced oy William Den
man and unanimously adopted, and Mr.
Denman will take charge of the campaign
work on the bill in Sacramento.
The meeting was called to order by
Mayor Phelan, who after a short speech
introduced General N. P: Chipman as the
presiding officer. The general outlined
the growth and needs of the university
and noted the fact that it haa become
the second university in the United States
in academic attendance. Its Increase in
attendance during the last decade has
been 400 per cent, while its increase In in
come has been but seventy per cent.
General \V. H. L. Barnes said that the
work of the university must be arrested
and students turned away unless more
money was provided. The general favored
either a flat or percentage tax on corpora
tion, certificates and ne also advocated a
flat tax on individual naturalization.
Other speeches were made by W. R.
Davis and William Denman. Permanent
organization was effected with these of
ficers: President, General N. P. Chip
man; vice presidents, Mrs. Phebe Hearst
and Frank J. Symmes: advisory board —
James H. Budd, H. J. Crocker. I. W. Hell
man. R. H. Lloyd. W. H. Mills. J. D.
Phelan, Louis Sloss, Claus Spreckels, F.
J. Symmes. William Thomas. Benjamin I.
Wheeler and Mrs. Phebe Hearst. .
Legislature-^Will Be Asked
to Provide Income for
College.
FINANCIAL AID
FOR BERKELEY
SWEEPING AWAY
BURDEN OF DEBT
Financial Pledges in Aid of
the University of the ¦'••
Pacific.
the prisoner. "I did not mean to steal the
valise. Yesterday morning I left m^
home in San Quentln and camp to thts
city to buy some Christmas presents for
my father. After making: some purchases
I walked down Market street, intending
to board the boat bound for my home at
San Quentin. As I entered the depot I saw
the grip and thlnklnp that it had been
dropped by one of the passengers I tooK
possession of It. expecting to find the
owner when I boarded the boat. To my
intense Furprise I had scarcely picked up
the valise when two policemen stepped up
and placed me under arrest."
M!s.« Merritt is the daughter of Edward
Merritt, who for a number of years'was
a guard at San Quentin. When he heard
that she had been arrested he at once,
had her released on cash ball.
FIBE CHIEF SULLIVAN
SUFFERS FROM GRIP
He Was Able Yesterday to Leave
His Bed for a Few
Hours.
At the meeting- of the FirP Commission
ers hc-ld yesterday morning It was an
nounced that Chief Sullivan was ill and
confined to his bed. It was rumored that
the popular Fire Chief was suffering- from
typhoid pneumonia, but inquiries made at
his residence last evening showed that he
had become prostrated by a severe attack
cf la grippe, which had threatened to turn
into pneumonia. The Chief was able to
leave his bed yosterday for the first time
in a week, and it is hoped that he will
In a few- days be back at his post. As
tistant Chief Dougherty Is temporarily in
charge of the department.
The Commissioners referred a petition
to the chief engineer as to the request of
the Pacific Rolling Mills for a fire alarm
box in the vicinity of the building. Act
ing Superintendent of Engines J. \V.
Reilly was appointed permanently to the
position of superintendent. Acting Clerk
and Commissary of tlie Corporation Yard
P. H. Fleming also received a permanent
appointment. The Commissioners also
announced that Edward I. Church, assist
ant bookkeeper in the Commissioners'
office, had been ol>Iiged to undergo an am
putation of the right leg below the knee,
due to an abscess affecting the bone.
Church will be given his position again
when he has recovered.
President Watt announced that he had
received a letter from a citizen whose
name was not made public stating that a
man was securing subscriptions for a book
alleged to be published under the auspices
cf the department. Th<» writer of the let
ter denounced the scheme as a fake and
said that his motive in writing 'was to
warn the public against an impostor.
A WELL firfSFP.J youns woman
r.amed Lillie Henitt was arrested
last ev«>ninK by Corporal Ea^an
and Police Officer Ingham and
charged with petty larceny.
During the last few weeks a number of
valises have mysteriously disappeared
from tltf ferry depot and Policeman Ing
ham was rifXaUfd in arrest the thief. Yes
terday afternoon, followed tho Instruc
tions of his superior officer. h<> borrowed
b. new valise KXld utter placing an old di
rectory and some rocks in it deposited it
at the entrance to the Tihuron ferry.
Shortly afterward Miss Merritt happened
along, intending to talce the steamer for
her home, whpn she espied the grin.
Thinking that it had betu dropped by on>;
<>t the passenger?, tn Fh» claims, she
picked ft up and started to board the
boat. Ingham and Eagan had been watch
ing her, and as walked off with uit
grrfp they accosted her and placed htr
under arrest. The woman wept bitterly
¦when the was formally charged at the
Cttr Prison.
"It is ail a mistakf," tearfully remarked
LILTJE MT^r.RITT. A KANDSOME YOUNG WOMAN. FALLS INTO A
TRAP LAID BY TWO AMBITIOUS POLICEMEN AND IS LOCKED UP
IN THE CITY PRISON.
On the ..-.' recommendation of Customs
¦Weigher- P.-. I* i.Wooster-'Port ; Collector
Assistant Weighers Suspended.
Action for Legal Services.
Mary. C. Spencer, -Grace M. S. ,Hall and
liorralri© W. de la'Montanya brought suit
in the United States Circuit Court yester
day against. Marshall Pomeroy and Jane
Pomeroy to recover §15,000 alleged to be
due the late Francis E. Spencer for legal
services in the courts of Santa Clara
County, the plaintiff being Spencer's
heirs. " .
A Challenge Out
A great' challenge will take place
Wednesday, the 2d. / , • . •
COSTELLO CONTESTS THE
ELECTION OF OPPONENTS
Claims Daingerfield and GrahamWere
Favored by the Election
• Officers.
Stephen V. Costello has received suffi
cient Information through a snap tally
taken during the recounting of ballots in
the Dalngerfield-Graham contest to cause
him to contest the election of both of the
contestants named. Costello filed a con
test to the election of both Judge Dainger
fleld and Thomas F. Graham yesterday
afternoon. Costello, according to the offi
cial count, received 1359 votes less than
Graham and 953 votes less than Dainger
fleld. Costello, however, .claims thatGra
ham only received 22,348 votes, while the
official figures give him 23,853 votes;, that
Oaingerfleld only received 22.265 votes in
stead of 23.477 as credited him by the Elec
tion Commissioners, and that he (Costello)
received a greater number than either.
Costello further avers that' in each of
the 303 precincts in the city the election
officers fraudulently counted five votes for
Graham which were not cast for him, four
votes for Dalngerfleld which were not cast
for him and took away one ballot in each
precinct which was cast for Costello.
Albert. Hoff, convicted of the murder of
Mrs. Mary A. Clute at her residence on
Guerrero street, December 15, 1897, but
whose punishment was fixed by the Jury
at imprisonment for life, appeared before
Judge Cook yesterday morning 'for sen
tence. Attorney Schooler, in his behalf,
made a motion for a new trial on the
grounds that the verdict was decided by
lot and was not a fair expression of the
'Jurors; that the court misdirected the
jury, and that the verdict was contrary to
law and evidence.
Assistant District Attorney Deuprey
strongly opposed the motion, .as there was
not In fact nor In law any. reason for It,
but the Judge said he^would take the mo
tion under advisement till to-morrow.
The Judge said:
"This man Hoft has been duly convicted
of murder In .the first degree, and the^
court sees no reason why the extreme pen
alty — that of death — should not have been
Inflicted."
Hoff was present In court, but he did
not eeem to take any lively Interest In the
proceedings. «
Captain Seymour expressed the hope
that the Judge would grant the motion for
a new trial.
"It was an outrage," said the captain,
"for the jury to bring In such a verdict.
Hoft was either grullty of the murder of
Mrs. Clute and • should have been sen
tenced to be hanged, or he was Innocent
and should have been acquitted. If there
Is another trial I am satisfied the jury
will bring In a verdict that he will be
hanged."
Claims the Verdict Is
Not Warranted by the
Evidence.
MURDERER HOFF
WANTS NEW TRIAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1900.
FALLS INTO A TRAP
LAID BY THE POLICE
Lillie Merritt Arrested for Stealing a Valise at
the Ferry Depot.
32
waists and furs.
Sensible and appropriate gift
things priced as seldom before
to Keep the trend of Christmas buy-
ers Hale- ward.
Beautiful silk waists in black and
colors— made in the height of fash-
ion from a splendid quality "of- taf- .
fcta . silk — tucked fronts — worth -
$5.00 each— our price . . $2.f>rj
Hemstitched and tucked taffeta
silk waists. in black and colors— uy
to lhe minute in style— worth $7.50
each — our price $5,011
Genuine brown marten cluster
scarf-,— made very full and orna-
mented with six large tails — worth
$6.75 each— our price Sj»3.73
Eiderdown dressing sacques in
pink. blue, red and gray — made
with large sailor" collars — worth
$1.25 each — our price ....7r»c
Haie's manicuring department is
worthy your patrcnoge thoroughly
good v:o?k at mocfera e prices. •
infants' wear.
A rare stock of pretty, charming
fixings for the little toddlers— care-
fully chosen, shrewdly bought and
inimitably priced.
Infants* long or short coats of
cream white Bedford cord — made
with large capes and handsomely
trimmed with fancy ribbons and
silk gimps — warmly lined through-
out— now. each, $2.75, $3.00,
$3.2.'.. $3.50 and. ...... .$3.75
Infants' -zephyr sacques in pink. '
blue and cream — now, each, 2fic,
50c and . . : 75c
Infants' handsomely trimmed
colored silk bonnets — prices start
at 50c and advance by short steps
to $5.00
Infants' kid moccasins in pink,
blue and red — per pair r** c
Infants' drawer leggins in white
and black — per pair 50c to.. 75c
ne.v, dainty, novel, inexpensive —
the articles mide from California
mjssss -second floor — Hale's.
china and glass.
We persistently shun fancy
prices. Maybe that's one reason
why this interesting corner of this.
big establishment has been so pop-
ular with the gift-seekers this sea-
son.
Water sets witfy blue and gold
decorations — regular price $1.00
each — our price 87c
Cups and saucers with assorted
decorations — worth 25c — our price
15c
Pin trays in assorted shapes and
sizes — regular price 12c each — our
price 9c
8-inch decorated china plates —
regular price 19c each— our price
15c
&kid gloves.
If you are in doubt as to the
kind, size or color of gloves want-
ed by the person to whom vou wi3h
to give them or yon want to save
postage or express charges, buy
one of our glove orders. They arc
Kood at our stores in Sacramento,
Stockton, San Jose. Los Angeles.
Pctalama and Salinas,
v - < .-- -.: ¦ ,- , Htc. Jouvin kid gloves — in black,
— '-^.'S white, cream and all the fashion-
able shades. .The equal of > v this
steum engin#s~ K I O vc does not exist for the price.
regular prk* $1.19 ?> • a-% - 1\
tach-now ;...j>sc , 1 er pair
Two-clasp Mucha picine uloves-^
in black ami newest shades of crav
£=r*_^^ and mode. Just the clove for shor>-
/'^ Ov pin 4 rr. driving and street wear. Per
//^ C\\ l>a^ JM-Ol*
\.{ f/» — v \ \li t;vr> " c^ 5sr> ' arn^ clove — in
j [•[ \ % -\ \ | j hlaqk. white, pearl and a complete
ill ) ) I 1 '' ne n^ co ' or? - adc <*^r»rcsslv for
(I V \y~—*^S / J Hate's California stores and as near
N> x/ \SjT perfection as nianufacturins honor
X/ / can make thrm. Per pair.. .91.00
nOj price >Oa n*j; Hales ' hairdressing department
each— now ?i/j:» should assist in your good appear-
ance Christmas.
f)rrrrrrnri Jewelry.
l| 1/1 |]( splendid Christmas collection
1 1 I / I I \ \ at prices less than reasonable.
V / ' \l \ ) i-adies' guaranteed watches with
If i 1 fe gold-filled hunting cases — each
feLjyWu 96.75
1 r^Jfa^^LJ Ladies' enameled chatelaine
IT^LlI watches with pins — each $7.25
V_y _>-\_>' Men's Waltham or j Elgin
f j watches with Kold-filled hunting 1
cases^ — each $9.93
T*npin»— r«fruiar pries Opera glasses with oltish baa
26c a set-now ioc holders— each $1.5O
Better opera glasses up to
x - v==! _^ $15.00 a pair
¦S^^^^N/x^ Hale's art room— ihird floor— splen~
\vC^tllP >^ 5= r did in Christmas suggestions'.
//vk*\/F silverware specialties.
ffj t5 \/ Generous holiday assortments
from the world's best manufac-
// fSS turers at prices which show our
(( \^ (determination to sell the goods
jjj in their season — Christmas time.
(C^ Sterling mounted ebony paper
cutters and letter openers — worth
Desks— regular price r n _ e ~ c u nnr nr ; r - «>Or»
M.oo eacb-now...85c 5oc eacn— our price. -JC
Sterling silver shoe horns, but-
ton hooks and nail files— each.SOc
Sterling silver roller blotters —
each 39c
Hate's are noted St « lin * siIver manicure buffers-
for late and clever tz^l-:: '"':' *A : ¦ -; ¦ ' ¦ Gt » c
styles in ladies' J: hll «" n , S j llvC 5 plated ™ U!fS T
neckdressing. ' satin finisned and engraved— each
19c
—————— — Children's quadruple plated
mugs — satin finished and engraved
—each 4Sc
\A. toys and dolls at cut prices.
ft I ; we never before gave so much for so little.
¦JJL31 «!• /J£& " ' - — -~""""*^ Drums— reg- Express wagons — wood
hj* .Hrtk ular price 23c bodies. Iron axles 'and ste«l-
* pr • • A»nerlcon-ma.le RteamboatB— regular each— now ... tired wheels. "Worth JL9S
Kid body price U 25 each— now »Sc lOc . each— our price S1.3O
flolls — tpgular
-now. 6 . te . tfne Magic . lanterns — regular price 50c Hale's California coasters — steel
each — now 30c wheels, iron axles and brake — each
¦£¦>!¦ d r\-, Magic lanterns — regular price 63c -••••••.• ; $2.00
C $\ 1 each— now 49c Tenpins — regular price 13c a set—
— ~Z* Go-carts — regular price $42, and no^ v ••/•••' • • li r c
JT . J. $3.87— now ......93.2:5 Tenpins — regular price 40c a «t—
¦\V-~J Kc D e r a e ch- n ot in * dolls - rCEular "^ "^ngs-foVtwo ' dolis^reKula"
/' Vl 5 n a An t" :• * Price 25c each-now.. l»c
J< ? Dressed dolls-regular price $125 Violins -regular price $1.10 each-
tvooiiv dos S -r» Eu . each-now ....O8e now OSe
lar price 60c eac'i- Paper furniture— regular price 50c a Trombones— regular price $l.2q ea«-h
now ••• • 42p set-now 30c _ nO w 08c
t- c -c> ' " T °y typewriters— regular price q8c Harmonicas— regular price ioc' each—
\T" ""^ "f eac ' 1 — now * 79e now lot?
W=./gjr7})=TP l Chatterbox for 1896— -regular price Revolving chairs— regular price
\z^^^ z Jii 4QC each— now 39c each— now 49c
t\ -'..".'. *'"""'£ Mattresses, with pillows — rejsrular Turkish tubiphones— regular price
,^* rf price Spc each — now 3t>c $1.19 each — now ... s !>Se
ll Q_-~y-, u^o>|| Crokinole boards — regular price Wash sets— regular price $1.00 each—
~"/r:i/\\ ¦'¦s'-v\ $1-25 .each— now 98c now 79c
?ifo b j$k2/nih Crokinole . boards — regular price Games — all new and interestine— rec-
WuOj S?yfih $2.50 each — now $2.19 ular prices 75c and 80c each — no.v..«3e
: t /,- h \"/n/\\/ Toy parlor furniture— resrular price Games— regular prices 08c to $i.t.s
v - j/ 25c a set— now 19c each— now 83c
Bureaus and wash- Fur covered cats with voice— regular , Games— regular prices 15c and 20c
fiT^ch^no^..^ P^ce 75C each— now 59c each— now lOc
Parchesi — a very interesting game— Games — regular prices $1.25 and $i.<?o
ft-Jt^r regular price 85c each— now . ,75c each— now 97c
>£ggM Game of chessindia — regular price 25c Skin covered cows with voice — regu-
each — now 19c lar price 49c each — now 43c
'gsS'&sf&m'&SsSi^ Games — hundreds of different kinds — Tin kitchens — regular price 25c each
Y^^^*****xs re & u ' ar P" ces 49 C ' a °d $ oc each— now —now 19c
iJi^^F 1 "™' ' * "* ' ""^ • ....38c Velocipedes — 16 inch size — now$1.7«»
Doll hous^w and -ware- XVTilte enameled doll beds and
houses — resular price $1.19 cradles — regular price 98c each — Indian doll hammocks and chairs — rejtn-
each— now 70c now , 70c lar price 60c each— now 42c
Market street, near Sixth, opposite Golden Gate avenue.
now for the lasf: day ol the most successful holiday selling
in the history of Hale's. .
This year's tremendous business we 'attribute to the lavish preparations we made, to our magnificent stocks so thoroughly complete with all grades of reliable merchandise from the J^ 5 "*
expensive to the best, and to bur prices, which arc positively lowest when quality is considered. And quality at all times »s the most important factor in determining value. The roomy aisles^
the big 'safety elevators, the splendid service and quick delivery will make this store the most satisfactory and most pleasant place to trade during the inevitable crush of the last day.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
"THE CREDIT HOUSE" j
Six Stories High ;
i f M
I There is rare art shown in i
j fashioning the new Onyx j
( topped tables. The metal I
lends itself to every form !
that nature or fancy sug-j
jgests. So strong and dur-j
I able though that a gift of]
i one would be a gift for a j
•life time $3.85 to many]
times as much. «
Corners and Dens I
\ In onr Drapery Department you . can j
! select hangings and accessories for an j
I Oriental room, Cosy comers and Dens, j
i Novelties in cushions, color and pattern |
in portieres that would delight an ease- ;
loving Turk. Venetian and Turkish •
i lanterns. Heads, spears and armor. I
\ A Christmas Carpet j
So rapid Is the work of our Electric :
Carpet Sewing Machine that you'd*
have time to get a new carpet before ¦
Christmas — selecting would be easy,'
for you can get just what you want. |
Free De'hrery In Osklmd, A!»ari», Berkeley j
M. FRIEDMAN & CO. I
ilncerj'oraiefl) I
Z3S-O35-237 P«rt fit. Opun Erasing, j
t . V . t .. t .. t ..;.. ; .. t ..;.. l ..;.. i .. t ..;..;.. t .. ; .. i ,. W ..;. t ..; Mi ..;..;n;M;M;..^.;..;..;MT.. l .. ; .. i .. w ..r.. i ., ; .. I ..T.. M .. I ..^. I ..r. q
Spircihlp Hnlirtav Prp^pnfc I
OullulUIu llUIIUQj riuuuliiu |
MOST REASONABLE PRICES |
prices..$5 to $£«> •{•
l-S'SS'Si CAPES ?
CLOTH AND GOLF CAPES, in a large and elegant variety, for ladies 4-
and children. Styles are correct, so are the prices... $2.30 to "$25
FUR CAPES AND_COLL ARBTTES. f
Our assortment has never been as large and our prices never so low; -•
well made and beautifully lined; from $3.5O up T
EXTRA SPECIAL— HALF PRICE. I
285 GENUINE FOX HEAD SCARFS, the latest New York craze, f
regular prices $7.50. $10. and $12.50, at $4.OO, $5.OO, $6.5O X
: ! j£
- fiOI FJFN fiATF I
CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE, 1
. 1230-1232-1234 MARKET ST. J