Frandsco courts refused to release in the
absence of an administrator.
"There is no popular question which ap
peals so strongly to the American peo
ple as does this one <jf building' up tho
sea power of the nation. It Is a simple
question of business as affecting the In
vestment of capital, although there is a
phase of It that appealr. to the patriotism
of the American people."
" Adverting to the amount of the subsidy
which would be drawn by the vessels of
the American International Navigation
Company Hanna said he did not propose
to evade any of the slanders or calum
nies of anybody in, connection with this
matter. He declared that; the '.four ships
of the American line which are carriers
of mail had _ not made a net dollar since
they came under the American flag. Me
challenged the assertion of Clay that each
of the fast vessels of the American- lino
would draw $304,090 annually from the
proposed subsidy. .'
Clay directed -the Ohio Senator's atten-
. In response to Vest'b challenge Hanna
reviewed the history of the American
merchant marine from the establishment
of the nation to the present time and
maintained that the decadence In Ameri
can shipping had begun in 1860 and not in
1S55, as the Senator from Missouri had as
serted. _ . ¦ ¦
Hanna declared In the circumstances
there was not to-day a question so Im
portant to the maritime nations of the
Old World as the prevention of American
competition on the high seas. The foreign
commerce of tha United States is four
times larger "to-day than ! it was in 1860
and yet the proportion of the foreign car
rying trade Is now less than one-third
what it was in I860. This, said he, is a
most, humiliating decline of the great na
tional Industry. He added:
Vest of Missouri . interrusted th© Ohio
Senator to challenge this statement that
the Civil War caused the decline of ship
ping. He declaVed the decline had begun
as far back as 1855.
Discussing the rise and fall of the
American merchant 'marine Hanna de
clared that .the beginning of the decline
in the industry, was coincident with the
outbreak of the.Civil War.
Hanna maintained that . in order to
build up the American merchant marine
it was necessary not only to have the cap
ital !and experience but it was necessary
likewise "to afford our foreign-carrying
trade protection— some kind of Induce
ment — by law."-. If .this protection should
be afforded, said Hanna, the growth of
the American merchant marine would be
on a. par with the growth of the shipping
industry on the Great Lakes.
subsidy bill. While he had
spoken : heretofore on the floor of the
Senate, his effort to-day was his real first
.formal speech" to the body since he be
came a member of .'L The speech was
glvei* unusually close attention. Sena
tors on both ¦• sides of the chamber, re
mained in their .seats throughout the de
livery of the address. He* spoke without
manuscript and his delivery at all times
was forcible and .intense. At the conclu
sion of the speech he received the cordial
congratulations of many of his colleagues.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.— For
nearly three hours to-day
Mr. Hanna addressed the
Senate upon the pending ship
LONDON, Dec 14.— The Cape Town cor
respondent of the Daily Mail reports the
arrest at "Worcester, Cape Colony, of
Harold Darrlngale, alleged to be an Amer
ican, on a charge of fomenting an Afri
kander rebellion. "The arrest," says the
dispatch, "has made a great sensation,
and startling disclosures are promised."
a Sensation.
Arrest of an Alleged American Causes
The supplementary war loan and appro
priation bills were passed to a second
reading.
FOB FOMENTING REBELLION.
Timothy M. Healy. Irish Nationalist
member for North Louth asked how
much of the new loan was to be floated
in Wall street. He added: "I strongly
object to the association of Wall street ia
British national interests. When we have
the unscrupulousness of Wall street on
tcp of us, we shall pay dearly for the
small sum saved the country in discount.
The whole cost of the war should be
placed on the Transvaal."
Sir Michael Hicks-Beach said that pos
sibly the new colonies could not bear any
part of the cost of the war fcr a year or
two after the wax ended, but he had In
mind the future development cf the Trans
vaal's vast wealth, and hail made tha
falling due of the various loans at such
periods as would enable the Government
to see what burden might be imposed on
the Transvaal. In any event no unreason
able demand would be made. Without
expressing a final opinion, he thought
that direct taxation of the profits of tha
mines was a question deserving the most
careful consideration.
Sir William contende-I that. Judging
from the present prospects, the cost of
British rule in the Transvaal and the
Orange River Colony would be far greater
than Boer rule had been. He estimated
that General Baden- Powell's police would
cost £4,000,000 a year, a sum equal to the
last Transvaal budget.
During the second reading of the war
loan bill In the House of Commons to
day Sir William Vernon-Harcourt criti
cised in general the Government's finan
cial makeshifts. He said the Ministers
would have tremendous support in mak
ing the Transvaal share the cost of the
war. But, he poir.ted out, the gold mines
were the only source o" revenue, and the
attitude of the mine-ownin«r capitalists
was well Known. They would not pay for
the war except or. compulsion, and the
capitalists were masters of South Africa,
controlled its politics and would be su
preme In the colonies. If the Govc-nment
wished to obtain anything in the Trans
vaal toward the cost of the war it would
have to face the "Kaffir circus" In South
Africa and London, and It would require
all the courage of the Chancellor of the
exchequer and the Colonial Secretary
and all the Integrity of Parliament to
cope with the matter.
A special from Cape Town says: Sir Al
fred Mllner has been gazetted adminis
trator of the Orange River Cclony and
the Tran3vaal. General Kitchener has
cabled to the authorities of South Aus
tralia asking that the wounded Imperial
Buahmen who are now convalescent be
returned to South Africa. Another con
tingent of Canadian troops started on
their way home to-day on board the
Rosslyn Castle. They received an enthu
siastic send-off.
LONDON, Dec 14.— The Dally Express
publishes a rumor of a serious disaster to
the British arms. According to this re
port the Boers attacked the camp of
General Clements, In the Barberton dis
trict, capturing the camp, killing a num
ber of British officers and taking prison
ers all the British troops. Including four
companies of the Northumberland Fusi
leers.
The story is not confirmed in any quar
ter, and Is not generally believed.
South Africa and Parlia-
London Again Stirred by News From
ment Is Excited.
CONFIRMATION OP STORY LACKING
NumUer oi Officers Killed
and Four Companies
Captured.
Alleged Attack oi tlie
Boers on Clement's
Camp.
REPORT OF
DISASTER TO
BRITISH ARMS
from London says: Sir Thomas Lip ton
says that the Prince of Wales may and
probably will come to America with h\ux
to witness tho yacht races next gyring^ ",
Says Wales Will Come.
NEW YORK. Dec. 13.— A Journal special
Says There Is No Truth in the Tale
That He Is Planning to
Enter the Senate.
LINCOLN. Neb.. Dec. 13.— Both -W. J.
Bryan and D. E. Thompson make unqual
ified denials of the truth of a story printed
In New York wherein they are alleged to
have arranged a Republican fusion deal
whereby they could be elected to the
United States Senate from Nebraska.
Mr. Bryan said: "There is not a word
of truth In it. I have other plans."
Mr. Thompson, who is a Republican and
a candidate for the Senate, said: "Tha
story Is not true. I am making comblna
tlons with no one. certainly not with a
Democrat."* You cannot make my denial
too strong."
W. J. BS7AN DENIES THE
REPORTED FUSION DEAL
ate'a time with a speech advocating rad
ical alteration of thu treaty. He an
nounced hlmseif as favorable to the com
mittee amendment, but said that to his
mind the amendment did not go far
enough to meet Jhe wfslvy 1 of the Ameri
can people. Ke~beileved\ he said, that* it
the canal was to be constructed by the
Government.of the United States the peo
ple would demand complete and absolute
control over the canal itself, and al3o
the right to exercise their own judgment
as a nation, not only In acquiring property
in connection with the canal but. if ne?d
be, in securing sovereignty over it. He
contended that to pursue this course In
volved no violation of international
rights, and In defense of this position said
the United States had made an offensive
and defensive treaty with France in *179?
and soon afterward had repudiated' that
obligation. He also cited other prece
dents and authorities, some of them be
ing from English sources, in support of
this position. He argued, in short, that
changed conditions warrant a change in
conduct and In position.
The speech was listened to with much
interest and at its conclusion a motion
was made to have It made public. Ob
jection, however, was raised and the or
der was not made.
After the Senate adjourned for the day
the Republican Committee on Order of
Business held a session to decide upon the
future line of action with reference to the
treaty as amended. After this commit
tee had concluded Its conference Senator
Lodge, who was with the committee,
stated that the Senate would proceed
with the treaty, and he would continue
his efforts to have it ratified.
COMMENT ON SENATE'S ACTION.
Regarded by Many as Heavy Blow
to Canal Project.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— The action of
the Senate to-day is regarded . by high
officials as the severest blow that could
be dealt the canal project and the ad
ministration policy. The Call has high
est official authority for the statement
that the British Embassador does not
believe his Government will accept the
amendment. Advocates of the fortifica
tion of the canal, however, are not satis
fled with, partial: success. Senators El
klns, Foraker, Money, Teller and Tlllman
have offered amendments to the treaty,
all aiming at American control and the
fortlttcations cf the water way. The Sena
tors confidently assert that further
changes will be made.
The administration is not likely here
after to press the treaty with such vigor
as has heretofore marked its course. Sec
retary Hay, however, will not let the ac
tion-of the Senate affect his decision as
to his continuance in the President's Cab
inet, vi::';
Th© action of the Senate is deplored by
the London newspapers as a triumph of
the jingoes. Comment on what Great Brit
ain's course should be is reserved by
many of the Journals until, the situation
is viewed more fully.
WAR BEVE1HJE REDUCTION.
WASHINGTON, Dec- 13— The debate
upon the war revenue reduction bill was
continued in the House to-day. It was
dull and featureless. Those who spoke
were ' Grosvehor. of Ohio, Bartholdt of
Missouri, Hall of Connecticut, Boutelln
of Illinois, McClellan of New York, New
lands of Nevada,, Levy of New York and
Underwood of Alabama. .
Bartholdt criticised the s action of the
Ways and Means Committee on not mak
ing a deeper cut'in the tax on beer and
gave notice that he would offer an amend
ment to- reduce it to $1 50 per barrel. Gen
eral debate upon ¦ the bill will close at 2
o'clock to-morrow and Payne, the floor
leader of the majority, expects the bill
to pass before : adjournment to-morrow.
The House to-day adopted;, a resolution
for a holiday recess from Friday, Decem
ber 21, to Thursday, January 3. 1901.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— In ac
cordance with previous agree
ment the Senate in executive
session took a vote at 3 o'clock
to-day on the amendment to
the Hay-Pauncefote treaty authorizing
the United States to defend its Interests
in the canal. The Senate did not close its
doors until 2 o'clock, and there was then
left only one hour's time for discussion of
the provisions of the amendment. The
vote was taken by yeas and nays, 65 votes
being cast in favor of the amendment and
18 Against it. . The negative votes were as
follows: Bard, Beveridge, Frye, Foster,
Hansbrough, Lindsay, Mason, McCumber,
McEnery. McBride, Morgan, Money,
Stewart, Tillman, Wellington, Wolcott
and Gallinger.
After the amendment offered by the
committee was passed upon various other
amendments received the attention of the
Senate for a brief time, but none of them
were acted upon. The committee amend
ment which was adopted is a provision to
bo Inserted after section five of article
two of the treaty, and is as follows:
"It is agreed, however, that none of the
immediately foregoing conditions and stip
ulations, in sections numbered one. two,
three, four and five of this" article shall
apply to measures which - the United
States may find It necessary to take foi
securing by its own forces the defense, of
the United St3tes and the maintenance of
public order."
The committee amendment no sooner
had been adopted ¦ than various Senators
took the floor to suggest further amend
ments. The amendment which probably
attracted most attention was offered by
Senator Elklns and is as follows:
- "Nothing in this treaty shall be con
strued to prevent the United States from
acquiring sufficient security and sover
eignty, or to prevent it from building, op
erating, maintaining, controlling and de
fending the said canal (referring to the
proposed Nicaraguan canal), or for any
other purpose that the United States may
deem for Its beat interest."
Other amendments were suggested by
Senators Tlllman, Allen, Money and
Thuraton. Senator Thurston's suggestion
provides that* the United States may* de
fend the canal, and Senator Tlllman'B
makes the committee amendment adopted
by to-day's vote apply to all the provl-
Bions of article two. This would have the
effect, it is believed, of nullifying the pro
visions of section seven of the article,
providing against the' fortification of the
canal. Other amendments were offered
striking out sections three and seven of
article two. Senator Teller said that if
8enator Elklns" amendment Bhould be
adopted he would not presa his amend
ment for the modification of section seven
so as to omit the provision against the
fortification of the canal,
Previous to taking the vote on tha
committee amendments Senator Klklns
occupied tha greater Dortlon of tha Sea-
Senator Lodge, in charge of tha bill,
was not slow to recognize - the futility
of trying to secure further consideration
for tha treaty, as amended, durinjr 'to
day's session, and as soon as the amend
ments were submitted hemoved an ad
journment until to-morrow, which motion
prevailed,
continued on ttecond Papa.
Te cheerfully express and desire all the as
sistance and usefulness which may or can be
given the trade union movement by all reform
roree*. The aspirations, hopes and alms of the
trade union men are very Eimllar to the ex
rrefsed wlehea of the greater body of social
irts. namely that the burden* cf toil may be
: •--?«¦ lighter and each worker shall enjoy the
complete benefit of that which he produces;
that men and women shall receive a greater
amount of liberty; that the years to come
nay be made brighter than the past or pres
f "t. are the Ideals of us all. But we take the
position, nevertheless, that because of person
al, local, national or other reasons the work
ers of our country reach different conclusions
er to the method of reachlnr the desired end,
?•ven though there may be little difference
-..:-.. '-r.tf us as to the desirability of reaching that
end. iv e ajwert as forcibly as we are capable
of assertlnc; that the trade union movement is
the true and legitimate channel through which
•*h« tollers should seek not only present
A -.elloratlon but future emancipation- We hold
t-'-at th« trade unions throughout our country
an-1 Canada do not now, nor do we believe
th»-y will In the future, declare against the dis-
The substitute for the three resolutions
favoring the co-operative commonwealth
was as follows:
Upon a roll call the resolution, as
amended by the committee, was adopted
by a large majority.
"There has not been one important step
taken by the mine workers," said Mr.
Mitchell, "that has not been bitterly op
posed by the Socialist-Labor party of
Pennsylvania. To-day our people earn as
good wages as any of the crafts; during
the past twenty years we have Increased
cur wages 49 per cent, and this has been
done through the efforts of trade union
ism. If the believers in Socialism can
point to a practical solution of the indus
trial problem. I am not bo biased as not to
be ready to Join them."
John Mitchell, president of the United
Mine. Workers, resented a statement made
fcy Mr. Hayes to the effect that if the
n-.ine workr-rs would strike again they
could secure a still greater increase of
their wages.
Mr. Hayes took tho floor to protest
against the change in his resolution. He
was replir-d to by Treasurer Duncan, who
;-;.i'1 the committee had deemed a modrr
a:o resolution along practical lines much
wiser than a radical fulmlnation against
trurtc. Mr. Have?' position was con
demned by a number of delegates as tend
ir.p to transform th^ Federation of I>abor
into a political orsranizatinn.
liea. And we also reneu- the recommendation
ti.at traiie wnrkir.Rmen Evriemlly Ftudy the. de
\ i :. -pm'-ni of trupt* and monopolies.
npso!v*4. That thl? twentieth convention of
U» American Fe-Jeratlon <¦{ Labor affirms It*
j ..-itinn nn the trust question by urging the
•jn-rjranfzed working people to organize in
ihf'r rt«>r>«"t!v-e trails a.« the best mean* of re
fivtlnjr the encrrarhmerits of truM? and monop-
A resolution against trusts, offered by
Max Hayes of Cleveland, was amended
lv the committee and reported to the con
vention as follows:
The first resolution called up at tho
morning session was one presented by
I>elegate Nelson of Philadelphia, disap
] roving of the alleged action of Dr. John
.Alexander Dowie of Chicago in importing
foreign lacemakers for working In an es
tablished industry In the United States.
The resolution was adopted and copies or
dered sent to President McKinley. Secre
tary of the Treasury Gage and Commis
sioner of Immigration Powderly.
LOt'ISVILLK. Ky., Dec. 13.— The con
servative clement in the American Fed- j
« ration of Labor ira? dominant through- I
out to-day's procc^dingrs of the conven- j
t!on. Two resolutions championed by the I
radical element were voted down by over- !
whelming majorities. One was a bitter
pronouncement against trusts and monop- j
olies in general ar.d the other a declara
tion ia favor of the co-operative common
wealth and Government ownership and
control of ail means of production and
¦distribution. For both of them much
mere moderate substitutes were adopted
after long debate.
Throughout the debate the proponents
of the resolutions claimed socialism as
the only solution of the industrial prob
lems; trade unionism, they said, would
la?t as lorn? as the competitive system
prevail*, but the competitive system
should be d^ne away with and the co
operative commonwealth should take its
place.
President Gorr.pers and hi^ colleagues,
who opposed the resolutions, took tho
ground that the federation should not be
committed to any political party, and
that the Government ownership proposi
tion Is at this time an impracticable the
ory, with no definite plan for development
into a working Fy^tem. -. ¦ -
The prospect is that the business of the
ccnventlon will not be terminated until
Saturday night.
President Goinpers and His Colleagues
Oppose Committal to Any Po
litical Party.
SOCIALISM ASD LABOR ISSUES
Declaration Favoring Co
operative Commonwealth
Also Voted Dowo.
Resolution Against
Trusts Meets
Defeat.
CONSERVATIVE
MEN CONTROL
FEDERATION
DOLPHIN WILL
NOW CONDUCT
THE STRIKE
GMef of ttie Railway
Telegraphers in
Charge.
Declares the Success oi
the Operators Is
Assured.
SCORES TACTICS OF SANTA FE
Officials of th3 Road Accused of
Several Grave Offenses to
Deceive the Fub'.ic.
"TOPEKA, Kans., Dec. 13.— To Hon.
Francis Carney, acting Governor. Denver.
Colo.: Have given your suggestion of the
12th most careful consideration, and re
gret that circumstances preclude compli
ance with your suggestion. The striking
teU-sraphers hitherto employed on our
lines in Colorado did not strike because
of any grievance against the company. On
the contrary, by the course they pursued
they violated their obligations, technical
and moral, obligations which on our part
have been fully lived up to in every re
spect. The company has not charged
strikers with committing outrages on em
ployes. The public and the authorities of
law must Judge as to who is guilty. Under
all the circumstances it is manifest that
the time for arbitration has passed.
"E. P. RIPLEY."
TOPEKA, Kans., Dec. 13.— When Presi
dent Ripley of the Santa Fe received the
message sent by acting Governor Carney
of Colorado he sent the following reply:
rado Governor's Telegram.
President Ripley Replies to the Colo-
REFUSES TO ARBITRATE.
«mr»*.f>rlly refusing to arbitrate cr consider,
the rules governing conditions of service.
Respecting their claim of bad faith under
rule 30. schedule, that article
has no bearing whatever on this trouble.
The form of words in the rule referred to
stipulates that thirty days' notice should
be given of any changes desired. Under
the company's construction of the agree
ment ail schedules could be abolished and
annulled and wages reduced by taking one
portion of the system at a time and hold
ing the employes -;ii other lines of the
system in involuntary servitude while
they trimmed their coemployes on an
other part of the system. Rule 30 does
not contemplate that an employe shall
give a month's notice before he quits the
•service any more than it requires the
company to give a month's notice before
dismissing an employe for cause or in re
ducing the force."
"That the public m.iy not be misled and
our men imposed upon it should be under
stood that the last endeavor of the men
on the Gulf lines to avoid the existing
conflict was to earnestly request the pres
ident and vice president of the Atchlson
system to agree to refer all exis*'ng dif
ferences to arbitration, to which request
Mr. Ripley and Mr. Harr both replied per-
"The status of tht Atchlson strike this
evening is most reassuring and our suc
cess seems certain. I am surprised that
the Santa Fe managing orflcers and their
numerous satellites have resorted to will
ful misrepresentation of facts, threats,
intimidation and forged telegrams in their
attempt to defeat the meritorious cause
of the striking telegraphers.
Dolphin reiterates the stateiu^nt that
his pass was taken up during his trip
here from Galveston. In discussing the
strike to-night Dolphin gave out the fol
lowing signed statement:
TOPEKA. Kans., Dec. 13.— President M.
M. DoiphJn of the Order of Railway
Telegraphers arrived in Topeka this
morning and took personal charge of the
strike developments over the entire Santa
Fe system. The flght of the telegraphers
will henceforth be conducted from To
peka.
Favors Boutelle's Appointmtnt.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— The House
Committee on Naval Affairs to-day filed
a report favorable to the bill authorizing
the appointment of Representative Bou
telle of Maine as a captain In the retired
list of the navy.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.— An effort is
being made, by persons who came to
Washington for the purpose, to secure an
investigation by Congress into the Federal
Court scandal at Nome, Alaska. Talk of
corruption In the new United States court
at Nome began late in July, soon after
Arthur P. Noyes of Minneapolis, the new
ly appointed Judge, landed in the mining
camp. He went there on the same ship
with Messrs. McKenzie and Hubbard
prime movers in the attempt to deprive
the original locators of rich claims on
Anvil Creek. Judge Noyes waa closely
associated with these men personally and
this lent some color to the wholesale
charges of fraud in the new court that
were made, by hundreds of persons in
Nome. To-day Representative Brick of
•Indiana introduced a resolution in the
House providing for the appointment of
five members of the House to Investigate
the whole matter and to report back to
Congress. It was referred to the Com
mittee on Rules. . : -'-
Civil Service League Meets.
NEW YORK, Dec. 13.-Th« twenUoth
annual meeting of the National Civil Ser
vice Reform League began to-day in thia
city. There was a Joint meeting of the
general and executive committees and a
public meeting this afternoon. ~"
NOME SCANDAL MAY BE
INVESTIGATED BY CONGRESS
THE AMERICAN SECRETARY OF STATE AND THE BRITISH EMBASSADOR, WHO DREW UP THE CONVEN
TION WHICH HAS SUCH AN IMPORTANT BEARING ON THE NICARAGUA CANAL. THIS TREATY IS NOW
BEFORE THE SENATE FOR CONSIDERATION.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.— In order to
effect a settlement of the preliminary ne
gotiations in connection with the Chinese
question Secretary Hay has accepted the
suggestion made by Great Britain yes
terday making a more explicit declaration
included in the agreement that the Chi
nese must accept the terms presented be
fore final negotiations can begin.
Why Great Britain urged a modification
of the phrase "indispensable condition of
negotiation" is a mystery to the author
ities, but as the change does not con
template the renewal of hostilities in case
of a refusal of the Chinese envoys to ac
cept the terms imposed they determined
that in order to expedite the matter it
would be wise to instruct Minister Conger
to sign the agreement modified as the
London Government desired.
It . is believed by the authorities that
Russia, Japan and France will follow the
example of the United States and accept
the British suggestion. A dispatch re
garding the change was received yester
day ' from Embassador Choate, but It was
not clear and it was not until Secretary
Hay discussed the matter this morning
with Lord Pauncefote. the British Em
ba^aador.. that he fully, understood the
character of the modifications.
So far as Germany is concerned and her
desire to have a more explicit understand
ing regarding the meaning of the term
"as severe as China can impose" in con
nection with the punishment of the re
sponsible authors of the outrage, the of
ficials seem satisfied that she will be
forced to join with the other governments
in approving the agreement.
ANGLO-GERMAN AGREEMENT.
Now Tripartite.
Correspondence Reveals That it Is
LONDON, Dec. 13. — The correspondence
relating to the Anglo-German agreement
has been laid before Parliament. It re
veals the fact that the agreement is now
tripartite. Japan alone of the powers
invited to Join made special inquiries of
Germany and Great Britain respecting
the agreement. Japan then replied that
the "imperial Government having re
ceived assurances from the contracting
parties to the effect that in adhering to
the agreement in question they will be
placed in relation to such agreement, in
the same position they would have occu
pied if they had been a signatory instead
of an adhering state, does not hesitate
to formally declare she will adhere to
such agreement and will accept the prin
ciples embodied therein."
The assurances of . Germany and Great
Eritain alluded to are not given. The
replies of the other powers do not differ
from the previous announcement.
KWANG STJ A CHRISTIAN.
Reason Why the Dowager Empress
Hates China's Ruler.
BERLIN, Dec. 13. — During to-day's ses
sion of the Reichstag, the last before the
Christmas holidays. Dr. Stoecker, former
ly court chaplain, remarked with refer
ence to the situation In China that he had
received private letters asserting that the
reason the Empress Dowager hates Em
peror Kwang Su . is that the latter -has
actually become a Christian, having been
converted by British and American mis
sionary books that came under his eye.
• At the close of the session' Dr. Stoecker
was interviewed by a representative of
the 'Associated Press, to whom he gave
a number of corroborative details. His
informant is supposed to have been Count
von Waldersee, with whom Dr. Stoecker
is o.n terms of Intimate friendship.
ESCAPE OF PRINCE . TITAN.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Dec. 13.—Accord
ing to the North China Daily News,
Prince Tuan from Tune Kuan
pass, under the disguise of a Buddhist
priest, with shaven head, bound for West
ern Mongolia to join the assistant Delai
Lama at Kokoner. He was traced to Lan
chou, the capital of Kansu, through
which city he passed in the garb of the
Buddhist pilgrim Bonze. He was last
heard from at Tins Hsia, th<* native city
of General Tung Fuh Slang, under whose
protection he is alleged to have traveled.
Even GennaDy Is Expected to Forego
Her Policy of Vengeance and
Approve Agreement.
POWERS WILL FOLLOW SUIT
Settlement Expedited by
Consenting to Change
in Wording.
Secretary Hay Yields
to Suggestion oi
Britain.
CONCESSIONS
OF AMERICA
AS TO CHINA
VOLUME LXXXIlt- NO. 14.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1900.
PMCE FIYE CENTS.
Committee Amendment to the Hay-Pauncefote
Treaty Is Adopted in Senate by Vote of 65 to 18.
Hanna's Ringing Speech Upon Ship'Subsidy Bill.
AMERICA TO DEFEND
INTERESTS IN CANAL
Continued on Second Page.
MISSING PIFEK BTEIE. IS
GIVEN UP FOB DEAD
WAPAKONETA, Ohio, Dec. 13.— Leroy
R. 4 Piper, formerly cashier of the First
National Bank of St. Marys, Ohio, who
disappeared several months ago while on
a pleasure trip In Yellowstone Park, has
been given up-for dead, and an adminis
trator was appointed for hla estate. When
Piper disappeared he was on his way to
San Francisco to look after his share In
the estate of a deceased uncle, which
amounts to $100,000 and which the San
The San Francisco Call.
Interesting amendments to
the Hay-Pauncefote treaty
were offered in the Senate yes
terday. The most important
one authorizing the United
States to defend its interests
in the Nicaraguan Canal was
adopted. Present prospects
favor the ratification of tha
treaty as amended.
, Senator M. A- Harina of
Ohio spoke most forcefully
yesterday on the ship subsidy
bill. In telling words he ap
pealed to theAmsrlcan people
for the re-establishment of the
great . shipbuilding- industry,
and Incidentally called atten
tion to the necessity of an
isthmian canal. ,¦Selfishness is the root of many undesir
able specimens of prosperity.
Stops the Cough.
And works oft the Cold. Laxative Brozno-
Quinine Tablets cure a cold tn one day. No
Cure, No Pay. Price 25 cents. -. • • •
BURNS A WAX IMAGE.
OF THE PRESIDENT
Erratic Italian Chooses Peculiar
Method to Av.ngc th$ Lynch.
'-.i•'. - ing of Eis Brother.
NEW YORK, Dec. 13. — A Journal special
from London says: An Italian, who said
he was a brother of Guido -Matiare, a
victim of the Louisiana lyrichere, burned
a. little wax figure of . President McKin
ley. on the steps of the American i Em
bassy to-night. The figure was stuck full
of pins in order to prolong the imagined
agony. . , ' • f a
The Italian started to burn ft wax eagle!
When a policeman • approached he ran
away. He said he was avenging his broth
er's death: . :,-
tion' to" the testimony of Mr. Clyde, a
steamship owner, before the Commerce
Commission, In the course of which he
stated that the American line vessels
•would receive that sum of subsidy.
"I am not using Clyde's flgures,' r replied
Hanna, "but my own."
Hanna dwelt at length upon the desir
ability of having a large merchant marine
to draw upon for auxiliary ships in case
of war. .
"Will ,all Fhips auxiliary to the naval
power of the ' United States," Inquired
vest, "such vessels as transports and sup
ply ships, participate in this proposed
subsidy?"
"I do not think bo," replied Hanna.
"Then," retorted. Vest, "the language of
the bill ought to be changed."
Referring to what be termed the news
paper attacks upon the pending measure.
Henna declared that men who undertook
the responsibility of, the bill before the
people were entitled to as much courtesy
and ¦ consideration as' were the critics of
the proposed legislation.
"Where will you look for the accom
plishment of the desire to re-establish the
American merchant marine?" inquired
Hanna. "but to the .men who have giv«n
their lives to the consideration of the
question?" ¦ ¦'
After dwelling at length upon the ef
forts of the maritime nations of Europe
to prevent the investment- by Americans of
capital in the upbuilding, of an American
marine and urging that the proposed con-
Btruction of the Nicaragua canal, together
with the rehabilitation of this country's
marine power, was only a part of the
great problem of transportation, Hanna
said that no plainer proposition than that
contained in the pending bill ever was
presented. It would attract capital and
lay the foundation for a great industry.
The enactment of the measure into law,
he urged, would benefit materially ¦ the
shipbuilding industry and create a de
mand for labor in every department of
business and commerce. Hanna in conclu
sion said:
"In my appeal to the American people
for the re-establishment of the great ship
building industry, I want to put it on
higher grounds than mere dollars and
cents.' It is away and beyond that point
In patriotism and pride In our national
life.- As to the popularity or unpopularity
of this measure, I stand here to say that
every line of it Is in the Interest of the
American people. Upon that basis; I
make my appeal for its passage and
leave the question in your hands."
The Senate then, at 2:05 p. m., on motion
of Allison, went into executive session and
at 3:28 p. m. adjourned.
MRS. McLEAN'S WILL. IS
FH.ED FOR PROBATE
Admiral Dewey'B Wife and Other
Children of the Decedent Get
Equal Shares of Estate. .
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.— The will of
Mrs. ¦Mary L. McLean, widow of the late
Washington McLean, was tiled for pro
bate to-day, and in it Mrs. McLean dis
poses of an estate estimated to be worth
JIO.O'JO.OOO. The will is dated December
17, 1S96, and after leaving 10 . John R.
McLean a special silver tea service
marked Washington McLean, devises the
estate hi three equal ehares to her chil
dren. John R. McLean, Mary McLean,
Mrs. Burgher, now the wife of Rear Ad
miral Ludlowy and Mildred McLeaft
Hazen. now the wife of Admiral Dewey.
A codicil to the will, made recently, di
rects that after" the death of the three
beneficiaries, the estate shall go to their
lineal descendants. Mrs. Dewey has no
children. Mrs. Ludlow has a son. Fred
Hurgher, and Mr. McLean has a son, Ed
ward B. McLean. Mr. McLean's son is
now very seriously ill, being threatened
with typhoid fever.
- - - ? - .
PRELATES DISCUSS ?:^
THE ARMY BELL
"WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.— In the Senate
Committee on Military Affairs to-day the
hearing on the army reorganization bill
was continued, and In addition to a num
ber of array officers Archbishop Ireland
and Bishop McGoldrlck were heard. The
two prelates *=poke only on the provision
of the bill prohibiting the establishment
of canteens or post exchanges. Both of
them pronounced the provisions unwise
and expressed the opinion that the can
teen is In the interest of temperance and
good morals In the army.
Archbishop Ireland based his remarks
especially upon his observations of af
fairs at Fort Snelling. near his home at
St. Paul. He paid that he was sure, from
all that he had seen and heard among the
soldiers that the canteen is a powerful
factor in the protection of the soldiers
from outside temptations of all kJnds and
he did not accept the theory that the
canteen brings temptation to! the troops
that otherwise would not come to them.
Hicks-Beach. Not Elevated.
LONDON. Dec. 13.— The statement that
Sir Michael Hicks-Beach has been ele
vated to the peerage is erroneous. George
J. Goschen and Sir Matthew White-Rid
ley are the two members of the late Cabi
net upon whom peerage has been be-
BOISE, Idaho, Dec. 13.— In the United
States court to-day Judge Beany refused
to continue a temporary injunction' issued
some days ago against the Bunker Hill-
Sullivan Company at Wardner on the
complaint of the Empire State and Idaho
Mining Company, owner .of the Last
Chance mine. The mines of these com
panies are two of the great properties of
the Coeur d'Alene region. The Bunker
Hill Company Is running a tunnel that
w-ill cut the ledge several hundred feet
below all present' workings. The Last
Chance uses water in its mill that comes
from the mine. The complaint in this case
*et up that the tunnel would drain this
water off and it was on that insue that
the case was principally fought. These,
however, involve the still more important
question, the ownership of the vein
where the lines of the claim intersect.
Judge Beat,ty held the Bunker Hill Com
pany had a right to continue its tunnel
for the development of its property, but
he enjoined it from appropriating any
ores> taken from the territory In dispute.
Ore taken out in running the tunnel Is to
be marketed and the proceeds deposited
in the Exchange National Bank of Spo
kane, pending final settlement of the ques
tion of the ownership.:
tween Coeur d'Alene
Mine Owners.
Important Litigation Be-
OWNERSHIP OF A
VEIN INVOLVED
JOHN BEDaOND RE-ELECTED
TO HIS FORMER OFFICS
Is Unanimously Chosen to Be the
Chairman of the Irish Parlia
jnentary Party.
DUBLIN, Dec. 13.— The members of the
Jrith Parliamentary party to-day unan
imously re-elected John Redmond chair
man for the present and coming session.
The motion was made by Patrick Mc-
Dermott and seconded ty William
O'Brien.
On taking- the chair Mr. Hedmond was
¦warmly applauded.
Mes?rs. £>monde. Donelan. Patrick
O'Brien and Burke were appo'nted whips
LIMERICK. Dec. IS.— The corporation
of Limerick to-day conferred the free
dom of the city upon Mr. Krug^r. The
two members who opposed the proposal
were howled iown.
PAVORS PURCHASE
OF THE BIG TREES
resolution favoring purchase of a;reserve
containing the California big tree*.
The American Forestry Association
Adopts a Resolution to This
Effect. ;
WASHINGTON. Dec. «.-Th» American
Forestry Association to-flay adopted a
Continued From First Page.
MCRDER, suicide and accidental
death marks the voyage— eroded
here yesterday— of the British
ship Crown of Scotland as one
of the most sensational made
by a wind jammer in many a year.
. The Crown of Scotland left Penarth
(Cardiff) 1S8 days ago, and soon after
clearing the British Channel there was
some heavy v eather encountered. In tho
Bay of Biscay Salvatorcs Servis fell from
the fore yard Ui a fit and was killed. For
a time the ship had hard luck, but after
that all went well until latitude 14 : de
grees 19 minutes north, longitude 121 de
grees 30 minutes west, was reached. That
was on November 24 at 10:30 a. m.. and
then occurred a tragedy that has kept the
crew talking ever since. One sailor
stabbed his shipmate to death and then
SENATOR HANNA'S SPEECH
FOR SHIP SUBSIDY BILL
hands pulling in direction where man was last
seen.
In the midst of this P. C. Haglund. A. B.,
was met by the mate as he rame to forecastle
door to call out the watch below, pressing hln
hands to breast, from which blood was flow-
Ing. On being asked what was the matter,
faid: '.'Jack slabbed me. sir, and then jumpej
overboard." I assisted him a little way along
deck, when he fainted.
Continued From First Page.
CONSERVATIVES CONTROL
THE LABOR FEDERATION
to England
HaRlun<l was carried Into cabin and ban
daped. and said ho felt hotter at first, bat be
fore lorff he took a change anil complained of
cold, feet and iialns in the legf. Became un- •
conscious And died at 2 a. m. '
In the meantime >hli> way had been stopped [
and boat searching, but returned at 12:33 p. m.. i
having seen no trace of missing man, who was I
named J. Warrlngton. Haglund was buried
on Aujrust 25 at S a. m.. latitude 16 degrees 41 i
minutes north, longitude 122 degrees 5S mnl- j
utes west. All hands present.
It east quite a gloom over the ship for some
days, as Haglunrl was very popular. A Swede I
by" birth, age 28; a thorough sailor and of a I
very quiet disposition.
On beard the Crown of Scotland the
men were very adverse to discussing the
tragedy. "She's a hoodoo, anyhow," said
one burly Jack Tar. "and every night we
can see Jack with his knife crawling up j
and stabbing Pete in the breast. One I
thing's sure, I'll never sail in this craft
again. They can keep my pay. I'm going j
to desert f>s soon as the sails are clewed i
up."
"It's th# veriest kind of rubbish," said
(foptain Jenkins, "but still the men think
they see something. Sailormen are, 1
think, the most superstitious mortals on
earth, and some of them may honestly
believe they see something. Outside of <he
death in the Bay of Biscay and the trag
edy off the coast it was one of the finest
trips I have ever made to the coast."
The British Consul will hold an inves
tigation into the tragedy on the Crown of
Scotland, and will send a report thereon
jumped; overboard. Every attempt was
made to wave the murderer, but he de
liberately drowned himself in full view
of 'the boat's crew that was going to his
itscue.
P. A. Haglund and John Warrington
were bosom friends in Liverpool, and
when men were wanted for the Crown of
Scotland both of them shipped and were
sent to her at Penarth. Once aboard,
they got themselves in the good graces
ot the nvue and both were put m the
starboard watch. During the. Iirst part of
the voyage the two men were like broth
ers., but off Cape Horn- they . began to
quarrel. OH Valparaiso they came to
blows, and when the coast of Central Am
erica was reached they were deadly ene
mies.
The starboard watch went off duty at
8 a. m. Saturday. November 24. and as
soon as they reached the forecastle War
rinKton and Haglund besran quarreling.
They separated, in a few minutes, and
Haglund went to his bunk and fell
asleep. Some time had passed when War
rlngton crept up to his sleeping friend
and plunged his sheathknife into his
breast. He then rushed on deck and
jumped -overboard, Ha^lupd jumped out
of his bur.k. plucked the knife from his
breast and fell fainting on the deck.
Everything possible was done for him by
Captain Jenkins, but he died a few hours
later. . . ¦ ..
A boat was lowered and wont in search
of Warring ton; but ho deliberately kept
his head under water and drowned before
the boat could reach him.
T'ip part of Captain Jenkins" log report
ing the tragedy is as follows:
November '.'4, 10 a. m.— Ivrt watch being on
dock went aloft to make fast. Watch In rix-
Binc returning to deck when cry of man over
board was raised. Helm was at once put down
and life buoy thrown to man tn the water. All
hands on deck to clear away boat, which was
very soon launched and second mate and three
i ...... . ¦
MURDER OF P. A. HAGLUND IN THE FORECASTLE OF THE BRITISH
SHIP CROWN OF SCOTLAND BV JOHN WARItlNGTON. WHO AFTER
WARD COMMITTED SLICIDE.
BRITAIN WISHES
CHEAPER POSTAGE
Washington Government Not
Prepared to Enter Into
Negotiations.
German People Warned to Prepare
for a Period of Hard Times
in the Father
land.
LONDON. Dec. 13.— A Brussels special
rays: The international conference 'for
the protection of industrial property, at
which 1'nited States Assistant Patent
Commissioner Chamberlain and Minister
Trmnfrd wrre the American, representa
tives, has adopted the following resolu
tions: ' . • .• ...
First, the period of exclusive rights,
previously fixed at six months for patents
rnd three months for industrial designs,
models and trade marks, is extended to a
for the first named and four months
Jor the ncconfl mined.
Seooiid. countries piming the conven
tion enjoy reciprocally the protection ac
trird^d by e«<h country to its own citizens
sgain.'t unfair c<rr!priition.
TV.nd. patents cannot lapse because they
&:r not put in circulation, excr-pt after a
r-.;rimum delay of three . years dating:
from the first application in countries
nrtwre the patent Is allowed and in- cases)
In which the owners of the patent do-not
,-i.snfy causes of inaction.
Cheaper Postage Wanted.
LONDON. Dec 13.— A wide field w».=
covered in the House of Commons to-day
t'uring question time, but the matters
touched upon were largely uninteresting.
yir. Chamberlain said Great Britain pro
2>osed to establish cheaper postage with
ihe Trited States, but Washington was
Hot prepared to entertain the matter.
Lord Cranbnrne. Under Secretary for
trip Foreign Office, said he regretted that
Canada v.as excluded from the most fa
vored nation treatment by Germany, but
«-xpiamrd that in the absence of a com
mercial treaty between Great Britain and
Germany there was no remedy at present.
Powell William. th<? former Financial
Secretary of the War Office, answering a
question, said iy!.4t'J» horses and mules had
l>c-*>n landed in South Africa during the
war.
Timothy M. Hraly's interpellation as to
the nurn'.^-r of asses sent to South Africa
vas not answered.
E-rd Times in Germany.
A special from Berlin says: The pessl
fnlstie ppcech of Baron vnfi Fleischmann.
Secretary of th* Imperial Treasury, in the
on Monday, in which he told
the country to prepare for a period of
hard times, as the financial situation was
gloomy, has created a sensation in the
money market. There has been such a
flump in the price of mortgage bonds that
unless public confidence is restored the
economic ability of Germany will be im
periled, some banks'and bankers may fiml
themselves in serious difficulties and a
financial crisis of unparaJ'eled gravity
msy be precipitated in Berlin. The First
Preusslsche Hypothek Bank and the
Deutsche Grundachuid Bank are unable
•to meet the strain and the Government
has appointed receivers In both cases. To
Kvort a crash the Deutsche Bank and
fome other houses have formed a com
mittee for the protection of bondholders
rud are advancirg funds in payment of
interest due.
Dick Crok*r's Purchase.
Richard Croker has bought Moat house.
Vantage, with much of the surrounding
prounds. The price is withheld, but it
<i<v>8 not exceed $20,000. The negotiations
arranged last summer and the pa
pers were signed when Mr. Croker ar
rived a few weeks ago. Workmen are
building new additions and completely re
modeling the interior. The improvements
¦will <-ost $7500. It looks as if Mr. Croker
intended to make his permanent home
there.
President of SiHtzerland.
A Berne special pays: The vice presi
dent nf the Federal Council, Ernest Bren
r.er of Basle, has been elected President
*if Switzerland for 1901, in succession to
"Walter Hauser cf Zurich. Dr. J. Zemp of
Lucerne, who was chief of the Depart
ment "t Posts and Railroads, was elected
Vice President.
Andrec's Brother Still Waits.
A Copenhagen special says: The broth
er of Professor Andree. the missing Arc
tic explorer, who attempted to reach the
north pole In a ballcon, resides at Gothel
burg, from which place It is announced
that hoping for Anaree's return from the
T'Olar regions has deferred the opening of
the latter'E testament for twelve months.
NEW YORK, Dec. 13.— Winston . Spencer,
Churchill, &L P.. war correspondent, gave!
his lecture on the South African war;
here last evening. He was introduced
by Mark Twain, who began by say
ing that, although a friend of his. he did.
not agree with Mr. Churchill as to the,
righteousness of the South African war.-
He then said that he had "for vyears^
preached Anglo-American amity.. He had'
helped the alliance by, impartial compll-'
ments. He added: , . , \
"I have shown how America has thrown
her doors wide open to all 'those that suf
fer and are oppressed— and who can put
up $50 admission— except the Chinese. We
draw the line there. ,„.
"And hr-w unselfishly England • has
wrouKKt for the open door for all in China
and how openly and' how piously America
has stood for that open door in all cases
w here it was not her own. And how gen
erous England has been and America has
been In not urging China to pay fancy
rates for extinguished "missionaries, like
Germany does, but is willing to take pro
duce for- them— tea and firecrackers and
Other things— wliy, Germany has made
things so expensive that China cannot af
ford German missionaries any more, buf
luis hot to wait until sht> is better fixed
financially. And how simply and sorrow
fully and shamefacedly England and
America stood Bt Port Arthur weeping,
while France and Germany helped hold
Japan and Russia robbed her."
For Murder Fourteen. Years Ago.
A PouRhkeepMe special says: Peter Aus
tin, tiie StormvilN' farmer, who killed his ;
farm h:ind, Charles Brower. fourteen;
years ago and throw tho body Into an old
well on his farm, is >m trial hero under
an indictment- for murder In the second
tlfgreo. The crime was not discovered
until August last, nrhen'wk new owner of
trie farm was cleaninK •" tit the well and
found a Fkeleton. It wnu identified and
Austin was arrested, lit' confessed that
he killed Hrower, but .viid he did po in
pelf-defense, the other man b&vtog as-,
saulted him with a knife while they were
returning to his house from milking cow*
on the evening of July 2. 1*M>. At the trial ;
the prosecution combated the claim of
self-defense and endeavored to show that
Austin killed Brower to gain possession
of a sum of money that he was known to
carrv on his person. The defense claimed
that* Brower, although 50 years of age. j
was desperately in love with Austin's
fourteen-year-old daughter, now Mrs.
Eflie Briggs, and wanted to marry her,
but the parents refused to give their >
consent. Brower was very angry at them
on that account, and while riding in the ,
wa^on with his employer attacked him
with a knife. Austin, to defend himself,
knocked Brower out of the wagon and in
falling he struck the back of his head on
a stone and was killed. Through ignor
ance, Austin disposed of the body and told
no one but his wife, who helped him to
keep the secret all these years.
Interests Theatrical People.
The Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court has just handed down an opinion of
interest to theatrical managers and
actors. It deals with the vexed two weeks'
notice clause and holds in substance that
If a company closes its season unexpect
edly, such a notice is not necessary, even
when such a notice is provided
for by the terms of the con
tract The case was that of Walter
\V. Newcomer against Charles E. Blaney.
Newcomer was musical director of \"A
Boy Wanted" Company. The compaft.-'e
season closed abruptly and Newcomer
brought Bult for two weeks' salary and his
railroad fare to New York. He received a
judgment in his favor in the lower court
and the defendant appealed. The ques
tion had not hitherto been carried up to
the higher courts.
Crawford Goes to Italy.
F. Marion Crawford, the author, will
sail for Italy Saturday. He came to
America recently especially to witness the
dramatization of one of his novels. He
v.-iil return in February with Mrs. Craw
foid. who has been absent from the
United States for sixteen years.
Huntington Holdings Not Sold.
Charles H. Tweed, chairman of the
board of directors of the Southern Pacific
Railway Company, said to-day that there
was no truth in the revived report that
the Huntingdon holdings in the property
have been sold.
Liliuokalani Not at Hospital. r
A report was printed here to-day to the
effect that ex Queen Liliuokalanl of Hawaii
•was ill from typhoid fever at the Presby
terian Hospital. The officials of the hos
pital said the report was untrue, so far as
that institution was concerned.
Californians in New York
The following Californians are in New
York from San Francisco: J. Black, \V.
Erskine. W. F. Ettes at Metro politan.
Mrs. W. Hill, Miss M. Labroussea at
Grand Union, C. S. Longr at Astor. E. S.
Rothschild and wife at Savoy, A. C. Ru
lofson av ImperiaJ, L. Stevens at Astor,
G. F. Wright at Marlborough, R. For
syth at Holland, Miss H. Joliffe at Albe
marle. O. C. Platt at Continental. D. F.
Selfridgo and wife at Albemarle. J. Swin
rerton and wife at Delavan. T. Adams
and wife at Holland.
From Los Angeles— A. B. Currier at Hol
land.
From San Jose — A. R. Carter at Cosmo
politan.
Introduces Churchill but Dif
fers From Him Con
cerning War. }il
In Presenting the War Correspond
ent the Noted Humorist Makes
Pointed Remarks Regard
' ing Foreign' Pilicies.
MARK TWAIN
SPEAKS OF BOERS
Tragedy on the Crown of Scotland — One Sailor Stabs His Sleeping
Companion, Then Leaving His Sheathknife' in His Victim':
.... Breast He Rushes on Deck and Plunges Over the Side
DELIBERATELY KILLS HIS SHIPMATE,
THEN JUMPS OVERBOARD AND WHEN
RESCUE IS NEAR COMMITS SUICIDE
LEGAL TRANSFER
OF VALLEY ROAD
By Vote^ of Directors of the
i- Santa Fe the Line Is
Absorbed.
Santa Fe Pacific Is Also Consolidated
at Annual Meeting of the
Board Held in Topeka,
Kansas.
In pursuance of the Santa Fe's policy
of consolidating the several roads owned
and operated by It within the head cor
poration, the San Joaquin Valley and
Santa Fe Pacific were formally taken in.
The following propositions were accord
ingly adopted: The approval of ratifica
tion of an agreement for the sale and con
veyance to and purchase by this company
of the railroad, property and franchises of
the San Francisco and San Joaquin Val
ley Railway Company. This companv
owns practically all of the capital stock
25 * he San Francisco and San Joaquin
valley Company and the directors ap
proved an agreement conveying all it3
property and estate to this nunpanv in
pursuance of the policy which has been
heretofore entered upon, to consolidate
«nd unify the system and its bookkeep
ing. This action does not invoke any in_
oreased obligations. Authorizing the pur
chase by this company and the convey
ance and transfer to it (when such con
veyance and transfer shall be authorized
py law) cf the railroad, proper*. v an«i
franchises of the Santa Fe Pa tine" Kail
mad Company. This action also involves
no Increase of obligations. The Atchison
Topeka and feanta Fe Railroad Company
owns all the stock and all the bonds is
sued by the Santa Fe Pacific- Railroad
(ompany, and it deemed desirable that
this company should acquire title to the
property of that company, in pursuance
of the same general policy of consolida
tion of titles.
Following were th"e stockholders and di
rectors at the meeting: E. P. Ripley.
president; Aldnce F. Walker, chairman
board of directors: Victor Morawetz. gen
eral counsel. New York: B. F. Chaney
Boston: G. A. NUkerson, Boston; A. C
Jobes, Wichita; C. S. Gleed and Howeli
Jones, Topeka.
Four directors whose terms expire were
re-elected. They are: Edward'J. Berlnd
of New York, R. Somers Hayes of New
jork. G. A. Nickerson of Boston and An
drew C. Jobes of Wichita.
TOPEKA, Kans., Dec. 13.— The annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Atchi
son. Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Com
pany was held in the general offices of
the company here to-day. It was ex
pected there would be a delegation from
the striking telegraphers in attendance,
but none appeared, the telegraphers hav
ing previously given out the notice that
they had nothing to say to the stockhold
ers or any of the other officers of the road
just now.
CINCINNATI, D ec . i 3 ._ The building,
foundry and machinery of the Lane &
Booley. Iron Works In this citv wtre
w!n r ? C «9M'iS? eht With a totaI loS3 " of $200 --
Iron Works Burned Down.
CYCLE OF CRIME
STARTLES PARIS
Murder Frequently Done While Foot
pads Ply Their Vocation Night
ly to the Despair of th«
Police Force.
Organized Bands of Young
Men Commit Awful
Atrocities. /
PARIS. Dec. 13.—The close of the. expo
sition, throwing thousands out of employ
ment, has created abnormal criminal con
ditions in Paris. The sensation caused
by the murder of the man whose body
was found in two parcels in the streets
here December 4 and which is still
wrapped in mystery, has directed atten
tion to the fact that the outlying quar
ters of Paris are infested by bands of
footpads and hoodlums wi.o terrorize the
residents. The papers are filled with ac
counts of their nightly exploits. Two
respectable workmen were attacked a fevr
nignts ago by four prowlers, who, after
picking a quarrel almost decapitated one
of the workmen and stabbed tne other in
the abdomen. None of the murderers naa
yet been traced.
A feature of these nocturnal attacks 13
that they are very often not accompanied
by robbery, but are perpetrated apparent
ly by bloodthirsty criminals, frequently
boys In their "teens. Four boys, the old
est of whom is 17 years of age, g.igged
and assaulted a young girl at Belleville re
cently, and then dragged her to the canal
side, "with the view of drowning her, when
passers-by rescued the girl.
The bands frequenting Belville and Me
rilmontant style themselves "Apaches.
They have committed a number of atro
cious and cowardly attacks.' Another and
similar band is called th« "Amandlers.
The police up to the present seem power
less to cope with the situation.
A «ang of thievts recently held up a
street car !n a populous southern district
and robbed the passengers, while an im
portant electric car line serving the sub
urbs of St. Denis and St. Ouen has re
fuped to run its cars later than $:J) in the
evening on account of the danger.
It was announced to-day that th» Pre
fect ct Police had decided to place a
couple of policemen on each street car
ruYihinp into the suburb** after S:»0 p. m. .
and that he had also decided to create a
t-pecial corps of picked men to be sta
tioned in the dangerous wards, such a*
the ward where the severed body was dis
covered. Moreover, in order to secure
murder clews, the police for several
nights have raided the disorderly dis
tricts and have made large hauls of crim
inals wanted on other charges. A ral'l
yesterday evening led to no fewer than
347 arrests. ¦• .
In fairness It must be said that the
present condition of crime is largely due
to the number of workmen, street nawK
crs and others who came to Paris at
tracted by the exposition, and who are
now out of work. It is estimated by the
statistician of the Central Labor Bureau
that in twenty-five trades 212,000 out of
510 .tXK) persons are idle.
The officials of the prefecture of police
calculate that 2000 sufferers from the close
of the exposition have Joined the criminal
army.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, J900.
"What poor, defenseless creatures women
would be if they couldn't cry! • •;
cussion of any question In their meeting". |
either of an economic or of a political natur*;
but they are, and we think justly, committed
against the indorsement or introduction of
race prejudices, religious differences or parti
san politics. We declare H to be the Inherent I
duty of our several unions to publish in their j
Journals, to discuss In their mfetinss and the
members thereof to study In their, homes all
ciut-stlonR of a nubile nature which have refer
ence to their Industrial or political liberty, but
we as firmly declare that It is not within the |
constitutional or any other power, of the j
American Federation of l.abor to legislate,
resolve or specify to which political party mem
bers of our unions shall belong or for which
party they shall vote.
Upon concurrence in this substitute de
bate was iong and acrimonious. Dele-,
gates Nelson of Philadelphia, Austin of
Chicago. Dennis Hayes of - Philadelphia,
McCarthy and Duncan of Boston, turu
eeth of. San Francisco. Kirfd of Chicago,
Lenner of Bloomington, 111. and John
Mitchell of Indianapolis, spoke for the
committee's substitute and against ttle
original resolutions. Earnest arguments
against the substitute and in favor of the
original resolutions were made by Dele
gates Slayton of Newcastle. Pa., Bracken
of Columbus. Ohio; Thomas of Cleveland
and Max Hayes of Cleveland.
Mr. Hay_es, in his remarks, made refer
ence to Eugene V. Debs, whose name was
greeted with a prolonged outburst of ap
plause. % •
President Gompers closed the debate,
speaking for the conservative, those who
were opposed to the original resolutions.
If the resolutions were to be passed in
their radical form, he said. It would not
accelerate tho progress of the labor
cause, but would only invite drastic con
fusion. He claimed when men become
Imbued 'with the principles of socialism
they usually lose their interest in trade
unionism.
The substitute of the committee was
adopted by an overwhelming majority
the vote being 4169 affirmative to 6'» neg
ative.
A spirited but short debate was precip
itated by a resolution advocating that
members of organized labor ?hall patron
ise only such wine, liquor or beer dealers
aa sell products bearing the union label.
Many delegates opposed action which, as
they claimed; would place the convention
on record as affiliated with any liquor
dealers' association, and the resolution
was laid upon the table.
The special : committee on the eight
hour law turned over all resolutions on
that subject to the incoming executive
council. •
The convention adjourned until to-mor
row morning.- ¦
2
The Hub
(CHAS. KEILUS & CO.)
ONT.T MEN'S CLOTHIERS—
TF1ATS AI^L TVE ARE.
NEARLY ALL OF THE
CELEBRATED
STEIN-BLOCH & CO.'S
LATEST AND 6WELLEST
PRODUCTIONS
FOR THIS PRESENT
REASON
ARE HERE RBADY FOR
YOU.
Exclusive I
High-Grade !
Clothiers
HACKETT. CARHART & CO.'S
jrSTLY CELEBRATED CLOTHES
ARE HERE READY
TO-PUT-ON
TI I E-MOMENT-TOU-WANT
THEM.
PARAGON PANTS.
THE BEST EVER MADE.
ON SALE HERE.
Open Evenings fro'm Dec 17th to 24th.
IncluFive. • •?'.
\T) KEARNY ST.
MtjJL THURLOW BLOCK.
You will find them numerous now — in fact, you are
puzzled as to what to give. We can help you out. Below
are mentioned some very acceptable gifts that appeal to
every man; the prices appeal to you.
Smoking Jackets
A line of smoking jackets in fancy cheviots, with trim-
mings of cord and satin, medium and dark colors, in small
checks and stripes, all wool materials, exceptional values
—prices $3.50, $4.00, $5.00
Elegant assortment of house coats made of double-
faced cloth, with nobby trimmings in various shades of
gray, tan and brown — prices —
$5.00, $6.00, $7.50, $8.50, $10.00
House coats of exceptional value made from tricot
cloth, in fashionable shades of blue, brown and garnet —
prices $5.00, $7.50
A very good line of velveteen smoking jackets, ele-
gantly tailored in black, navy Itnd brown — price
$10.00
Bath Robes
* . Up-to-date assortment of bath robes made from eider-
down flannel, in gray, tan, blue and brown, with stripes
and figures that harmonize — prices
S4.OO to S8.5O
Pajamas
We)carry a very good line of them made of cheviot
and flannelette, in stripes and plaids, with appropriate
trimmings — prices, a suit
$1.50, S2.00, S2.50
Also pajamas made of French flannel, variously
trimmed, at prices ranging from
$2.50 to $4.00
Night Robes
Night-robes made of good quality muslin, plain or
with fancy) trimmings; also made plain from flannelette — -
price of either . 50c
Night robes made of extra quality muslin with ele-
gant trimmings; also made of sateen in pink, blue and
lavender— prices $1.00 tO $2.50
Neckwear is particularly suitable for Christmas pres-
ents — especially such as we have, in a most exquisite line
of colors, patterns and shapes, which are the season's
latest, for . 5Oc each .- >
We earn- a full assortment of men's furnishings, such
as reefers, mufflers, gloves, handkerchiefs, canes, under-
wear, and a most elegant line of silk suspenders.
Any article purchased can be exchanged after Christ-
mas, if desired.
Oui-of-town orders filled— write us.
718 Market Street.Bich Finally Discharged.
. SAN JOBE. Dee. 13.— After four years of
litigation In the insolvency -court Jacob
Rich, the builder of the First-street elec
tric .railway, line, to-day secured his final
discharge as a debtor from Judge Rhodes
relieved af over a half •million I Indebted
ness.
Killed by a Train.
LOS AXGEL.ES, Dec. 13.— Thomas Beau
ford, a vender of butter and eggs, while
leading his horse across the Santa Fe
tracks In this city was struck by a switch
train and instantly killed. Two" cars pass
ed over him and his body was frightfully
mangled, tie leaves a wife and four
nhilif ran.
INTERESTS TEE COAST.
and Pensions Issusd.
Postmasters Appointed, Army Orders
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 13.—Post
masters commissioned: Oregon: Will
iam C. Pickens, Dillard.
Washington: William W. Benson,
Mossy Rock.
Appointed; California— J. Evey, Los
Nictos, Lcs Angeles County, vice W. E
Burgess resigned; L. Y. Barnes. Pacific
Beach, San Diego County, vice Owen Tay
lor, resigned; IT. O. Comstock. Tallac, El
dorado County, vice N. L.. Alverson, re
signed.
Washington— W. J. McKenna, Bayviow,
Skagit County, vice Martin Cottenbaugh.
resigned; George Spencer. Boardman, St.
Croix County, vice A. O. Spencer, re
signed
Army order: Captain Philip G. Wales;
assistant surgeon, now at San Francisco,
will proceed to Fort Duchesne, Utah.
Pensions Issued to-day: California — Or
iginal. Georpe K. Rider, Sacramento $8-
William Blair, San Jacinto, $G; additional'
Charles C. Allen, Salinas. J12.
Oregon— Original. Thomas Coats. Ban
don. $8; Leonard AVhite. lone, $6. In
crease — George \V. Hollo way. Myrtle
Creek. $10.
Washington— Original, Casslus E. Kin
ney,. Tacoma. $6. Increase— James H
May, Everett, $24.
CANDIDATES FOB DEGREES.
Forty -Nine Names Posted by Regis-
trar at- Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 13.—
The list of candidates for graduation at
the regular mid-year conferring' cf de
grees was posted by Registrar ElJIott to
day. It contains forty-nine names and
represents thirteen departments. Follow
ing is the list:
Classical philology— L Passmore, Miss J
Yoch. Miss K. \\>le?s.
Latin— *\V. P. Campbell. Miss C. E. Colemnn.
Miss H. Dorset. K. R. Flint. Miss E. Rider
Miss V. Townspnd.
German— Miss K. Blrdsall, Miss C. B. Meyer
Miss B. Schofleld. Miss R. B. Wigle. - '
Romanic languages— Miss C. McKee, Miss M.
K. Merrltt.
English— L.' B. Bassett, Miss M. L. Caldwell
Miss E. M. Hobson, Miss E. U. Lynn, c. M
Mnrrack, Miss J. Mathews, Miss L. Patterson,
MIfs M. M. Phelps. Miss EX J. Russ, H. 1).
Walter.
Fducatlon — K. Robson, Miss O. Rowell, • J. B.
Wcotten.
History— Miss C G. Barnhlsel, Miss A. But
teifield, Miss M. Conneau, Miss K. Daly. Miss
R L. Davis. Miss M. Kidder, A. E. Monteith
M'lss F.- Patterson. Miss G. Ramsey. Mlas L.
Wilson. -¦ „
Law— W. F. Bourland, G. T. Cochran, R. p.
Cross.
Chemistry— Miss J. A. Moore. R. Wheeler.
Physiology— L.. B- Ferguson. Miss C. E.
Hr.ffue. Miss H. P. Vlnyard.
Geology— 1>. D. Mills, C. C. Thorns.
Civil engineering— E. Breen.
Killed Near Baden.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO STATION,
Dec. 13.— The body of John Coll, a resi
dent of this place, was found this after
noon beside the railroad track near Baden
Station. • He was evidently struck and
killed by a Southern Pacific train Wednes
day evening.
Butcher Injured.
PETALUMA, Dec. 13.— Henry Myers, a
butcher In the employ of Poehlman & Co.,
was stabbed this afternoon while trying
to cut a rope that was fastened about a
calf's legs. The calf gave a lunge and the
knife was driven deep into the butcher's
knee. . '
Child Drinks Aconite.
PETALI'MA, Doc. 13.— The little son of
1'r. and Mrs. Nc'.s Jensen, who reside on
& ranch north of hore. took a dose of
aconite by accident to-day and was badly
poisoned. Mr. J< nsen was treating a
horse with the Quid. The baby, who was
playing r.ear. picked up the bottle and
drank a small quantity. The parent saw
the child writhing in agony and noting
the cause, pave it an emetic and saved Its
life.
Keith Convicted.
TTOODL.AND. Dec 13.— After being out
an hour and a half and taking four bal
lots a Jury brought in a verdict of guilty
against William K«:th, charged with as
cault on Lucinda Robinson. The trial of
Fountain Clark on the same charge was
Immediately commenced. All parties con
cerned are colored.
Si>eclal Dispatch to Tl:c Calf.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 13.-Toy Say
ers, the notorious gun fighter and gam
bler, was shot and instantly killed here
this mornlrg by Jim McKlnney, a fel
low with a like reputation. Sayers and
McKlnney were companions and room
mates. They' had been drinking and
gambling all night, and worked up a
grudge against each other wlilch resulted
in the killing in an alley between K and
L streets at the rear or a gambling joint.
Both men, it appears, pulled guns about
the same time, McKinney being slightly
the quickest. He sent his -bullet directly
through Sayers 1 heart. McKinney was
immeaiately arrested.
Both Sayers and McKlnney. it Is stated,
lived a long time at Porterville. McKin
ney has served time for blood letting.
Sayers and McKinney are not to be
classed ameng Bakersfleld's regular res
idents, they having been here only a few
months. Savers, it is reported, came here
from Southern California, where he was
unfavorably known in centers of popula
tion of that portion.
Shortly after the killing, Billy Ed
wards, a variety show musician, while
listening to the first announcement of the
affair dropped dead.
»
EECEPTION FOR HAYS.
i/os Angeles Men "Will Welcome
Southern Pacific President.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 13.-Presldent
Hays of the Southern Pacific is to reach
Los Angeles on his way to San Francisco
early in January, and when he arrives
here he will receive the "glad hand" in a
manner not bestowed on any official of
the system by the business interests of
this city for many a year.
The ways and means for the entertain
ment of the new head of the Southern Pa
cific have been under discussion for sev
eral weeks, and it has been decided that
Mr. Hays is to be guest of honor at a big
banquet, at which the leading business
and professional men of the city will be
In attendance. The several commercial
organizations of the city will take the ini
tiative in the matter, the idea being that
no matter what the Southern Pacific may
or may not have been guilty of as a cor
poration In the past. President Hays be
ing a new man in the harness out here is
entitled to the good will of the people of
Los Angeles and of Southern California.
Slaughter of Birds.
PETALTJMA. Dec, 13. — The Two Rocks
Sportsman's Club held a club srioot yes
terday In the valley just west of here.
Over 800 larks were killed, besides a num
ber of hawks, crows and other destructive
birds. The team captained by H. Mar
tin made the most points and won a sup
per. The farmers are anxious to kill off
the larks and such birds that they can, as
It means hundreds of dollars in the clean
up at the end of the year. The birds do
much damage to the crops, and if allowed
to thrive without molestation would over
run the country and be a thorough pest.
Sewall Badly Damaged.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Dec. 13.-MaiI ad
vices by the steamer Empress of India
state that the American ship Benjamin
Sewall, which went ashore at Wanchai
during the disastrous typhoon, was more
seriously damaged than at first supposed.
Although floated after the disaster the
rocky shore on which she had been cast
had ground her timbers so that they were
worn away until Ies3 than half an inch
in thickness. It will be some time before
the ship can leave the blocks.
GAMBLER SHOOTS AND
KILLS HIS COMPANION
?
Duel at Batersfield Results In the
Death of Tom Sayers, a No
torious Gun-Fighter.
lIAGtrD HELD TO ANSWER.
Pleads Not Guilty to Charge of Shoot-
ing Chris Ocosonich.
ANGELS CAMP. Dec. 13.— Mitchell Ma
g-ud. an Austrian, ¦who shot Chris Ocoso
nich on election day during a quarrel on
the street, appeared for his preliminary
examination yesterday. The testimony
from a long array of witnesses was taken
behind closed doors. A bitter feeling had
developed against the accused man by an
opposing faction and it was feared "that
It might ouJminate m a deadly feud. Pre-
wr>r«? taken to prevent anv
further trouble glowing out of the un
fnrtunate affair. Magud pk-aded not
guilty to the charge and after, listening
to the testimony on both sides Justice
Fh^phr-rrl held him to anp\i-or before the
Superior Court in S-VJiK) bonds. This case
premises to be a hard fought one on both
sides.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HONGKONG, Dec. 13.— A frightful dis
aster, resulting in the loss of 200 lives, oc
curred to-day on West River. A man
fell overboard from a steamer near
Hokow and 400 passengers made a rush
to the side of the vessel to see what
would become of him.
The steamer was overladen and the
sudden uneven distribution of weight
caused her to capsize. Everybody was
thrown into the water and before aid
could reach them 200 passengers were
drowned.
Disaster on the West River,
Near Hokow, in
China.
it was found that the body was stiff and
cold.
The Coroner was notified, and a jury
consisting of the following named was
impaneled: J. D. Yeager. J. II. Wilson,
H. N. N. Latimer. W. J. Mitchell, Robert
Adler and L. E. Packwood. A verdict of
death caused by a self-inflicted gunshot
wound with suicidal Intent while mentally
deranged was returned.
Deceased leaves a half-brother In Aus
tria, one in Windsor and a Bister and
mother. He was 23 years of age and un
married.
TWO HUNDRED
ARE DROWNED
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C., Dec. 13.— The res
cue from captivity In an Esquimau vil
lage of a well educated Englishman who
has been kept prisoner for five years in
the extreme northern wilds of Canada is
an achievement just accomplished by a
Government exploration party. The de
tails are authenticated by Professor.J. W.
Tyrell, the famous explorer of Canada,
¦who has just rf turned from the barren
lands west of Hudsons Bay. station,
bringing the released captive with him.
Charles Bunn, the man who was he'd
by the Esquimaux, has been compelled
to Jive as one of them for over live years.
He was found In a village at the head
waters of the Thelon River at the ond of
the 2000-mile journey due north under
taken by Professor Tyrell and his party.
The nearest settlement of Europeans is
IjOO miles away and between lies the
wastes of the barren lands inhabited only
by a few bands of nomadic Indians and
h« j rds of thousands of musk oxen.
lionn'p Etory is a strange one. He was
w»ll-to-do in England and came out as
tho representative of a wealthy concern
to trade in rich furs and skins with the
northern Indians. Bunn went out on a
long hunting trip with only one Indian
guide, in the spring of 189Ti. They secured
at low prices a large quantity of very
valuable furs and in the fall were start
ing home to Edmonton when they were
frozen in.
They were taken care of by the Thelon
Esquimaux, but in a few weeks the In
dian died. The natives then refused to al
low Bunn to depart. They confiscated his
goods and took him to a new village 3<J0
miles further up the river, where escape
was impossible. That was early in IS.%,
and since then Bunn has lived as an
Esquimau. A woman was allotted to him
as a wife and for the most of the time
he was very happy. Bunn Is now return
ing to England.
Trying Experience of Edu
cated Englishman in the
North
WINDSOR. Dec. 13.— John Wori-
B'.ieck, one of Windsor's bright
and promising young men,
committed suicide last night.
Deceased was a native of Aus
tria, having come to this country with his
parents at the age of 7 years. He was
highly esteemed by all who knew him
and had held some responsible positions.
He was employed by the Lamar Bank of
Lamar, Colo., as clerk until last spring,
and has recently been connected with the
well-known firm of Miller & Hotchkiss.
The deed was evidently premeditated, as
Worishcck was never known to have used
liquor until yesterday, when he took sev
eral drinks, supposedly to brace himself
up.
"Worisheck left the Lamar Bank and
came back to Windsor last July, and since
that time it has been conceded by his
most Intimate friends that his mind has
at times been unbalanced. He seemed to
be very changeable and at times despond
ent it is thought, over a love affair. Be
fore retiring last night he took two doses
of medicine, administered by his mother,
and asked for more, but it was refused
him. When the family had retired he arose
and Cold his mother that his "head was in
a whirl and that the Catholics and Masons
were having a light." He was a Catholic
end had been attending church at every'
opportunity here of late.
From blood stains on articles of clothing
and a bloody razor found in his room it is
evident that he endeavored to take his
life with the razor, and went out to the
kitchen sink to bleed to death, as the sink
was covered with blood. Death by this
method was apparently too slow, and he
went into the tankhouse. which adjoins
the residence, and placing a revolver to
his head blew out his brains.
The family did not hear him leave the
house nor hear the report of the revolver,
but thought he had gone back to bed after
being at the sink to get a drink of water.
His mother, after going to his room this
morning and not finding him there, be
gan a search for him. and on entering the
tankhouse was horrified at the discovery
of the body lying upon the floor. A phy
sician was "summoned, but on examination
HELD CAPTIVE
BY ESQUIMAUX
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 13.— Happy, well
fed and ragged, joyously jingling small
change— lucre looted from overzealous
yellow newspaper agitators— the children
of Porto Rico passed through the city this
afternoon. The tattered travelers turned
with benign smiles upon The Call repre
sentative, and not a word of evidence
that they were being mistreated could be
obtained. , Of the 114 passengers In the
three sleeping coaches twenty-one' were
women and nineteen were classed as chil
dren. If the present ratio of Increase con
tinues the children promise to outnumber
the adults by the time Hawaii Is reached,
for there have been no lees than three
births since the train left New Orleans.
The star attraction in the motley crowd
was a group of three men who stood near
the train. They were the yellow repre
sentatives, who had Joined the party at
Indio. For two days they had dilated on
the disadvantages of Hawaii as a settling
place for Porto Ricans who sought to im
prove their condition, and had distributed
small gratuities among such of the Im
migrants as could be induced to speak in
sympathy with their views. The men re
ceived their pittance, and after walking
around the train returned for more. Just
before /the train pulled out one energetic
fellow flaughingly held out his palm, in
which rested 45 cents thus collected. Then
he boarded the train with the rest and
merrily bade adieu to the Journalistic trio,
left alone and lorlorn.
"You can't blame the men for doing it,"
remarked Frank Alvis, who had charge
of the colony. "They need the money,"
he added, laughing.
Alvis Is a Porto Klcan who has lived for
several years past In Brooklyn, N. Y.
"These families and men." he continued,
"are bound for Hawaii, where they will
be employed by the Hawaii Sugar Plant
ers' Association. There they are to re
ceive ?20 per month for ten hours' work
a day, all overtime to be paid at doubie
rates. They will be furnished with
houses, water, light, wood and medical
treatment, all free. They are not under
written contract, the understanding being
verbal, and all are weil satisfied with
the arrangements. They receive their
transportation and board during that time
free. They are supplied with tnree meals
a day of good, wholesome food, and not
one word of discontent was heard until we
reached Indio. There we sidetracked for
two days, preferring to stay there rather
than/ in San Francisco, where the men
might become separated. This was In ac
eoruance with Ihfir expressed wishes aft
er having been consulted upon the matter.
"It was here that the yellow corre
spondents found us. They began an agi
tation at once, tilling the men and women
that no Spanish-speaking people would be
found in Hawaii, which, they said, was
inhabited solely by Chinese and Japanese.
A single man was found who lent a will
ing ear to their talk. This was Edward
Rendle, an American, who had previously
confessed that he did not intend going
to Hawaii, but had joined the others for
the sole purpose of gaining free transpor
tation to Oakland, where he has relatives.
This morning he had a fight with one of
the men on board, striking him with his
list, and was asked to quit thi train at
Ontario."
Alvis' statement was corroborated by
the Southern Pacific agent in charge of
the train and a dozen of the men them
selves, who stated that they were well
pleased with the prosper-ts held out by the
company. They told pathetic tales of the
hard times existing in Porto Hlco where
they say wages are exceedingly low.
Journey So Far Has Been a Pleasant
One and They Offer No Com
plaints Regarding Their .
Treatment.
ALL ARE IN THE BEST OP SPIRITS
Look Forward to a Happy
Future in Hawaiian
PORTO BANS
PASS TBBOUGH
LOS ANGELES
VAXCOUVER, B. C, Dec 13.— Advice*
from the Orient by the Empress of India
say: As the Canton Sails are overcrowded,
the China Mail states that the number
of prisoners is periodically decreased by
executions of nineteen. The prisoners
are beheaded on a vacant common in the
presence of vast couneourses of people,
who applaud the spectacles after the cus
tom prevailing In Paris during the days
of the French revolution. The execution
ers have been so busy of late that the
usual remuneration of half a dollar a head
has been reduced to 25 cents and yet there
are many candidates for the Job.
The Chiuo Shlmbun tells a remarkable
story to the effect that P.OOO Chinese re
siding in Java have decided to become
Japanese subjects, as their treatment by
the Dutch Is Intolerable. It is said that
arrangements were made with Japan by
these Chinese colonists prior to their
raturallzation by which Japan was to
send a force of police to Java for their
protectlon.
A disastrous fire Is reported from Can
ton. It broke out Jn the vegetable mar
kets and In four hours five hundred shops
and dwellings were destroyed. The
bodies of three victim? were recovered,
but it Is believed that many more were in
cinerated.
The charges acainst the allied troops of
cruelty and outrages have been lately re
newed* and it Is said that Jhe effect of the
conduct of the allied troops has been to
Intensify the hatred of the Chinese
against foreigners. The Japanese press
is taklnp the matter up, the official em
bargo against them having- been raised.
One Japanese paper contains a strong ap
peal to the Christian missionaries of
Japan, whom it accuses of standing idle
and silent spectators, while their faith Is
made to stink In the nostrils of the Orient
by the Inhuman excesses 6f those profess
ing it. Another says that the doings of
the Mongols under Cenghls have found
their counterpart in the villainous acts of
Christian soldiers at the close of the
nineteenth century. The Mongols boasted
openly that the right sleeves of their
tunics are dyed in the blood of Chinese
women and children, and it is declared
that the same lanpruage mig'ht truthfully
be employed regarding some of the allied
troops to-day.
Spectacles Similar to Those Enacted
in France During the Stormy
Days of the Revo
lution.
PRISONERS PUBLICLY BEHEADED
Shedding of Human Blood
Delights Mad Mot)
at Canton.
EXECUTIONERS
KEEP BUSY IN
THE FAR EAST
John "Worislieqlc Cvits His Tliroat Witli
a. Razor, ~£>\xt ; Finding Tliis IMotliocI of
IDea/tli Too Slow Blcrws Out His Brains.
PROMISING YOUNG MAN ENDS
HIS LIFE AT WINDSOR WHILE
HE IS TEMPORARILY DERANGED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1900.
JOHN WOBISHECK, WHO END
ED HIS LIFE AT "WINDSOR
"WEDNESDAY NIGHT.
3
We invite your attention to our re-
cent importations of unique and useful
pieces of furniture. We mention :
Writing Desks Tabourettes
Dressing Tables Music Cabinets
Secretary Bookcases Parlor Cabinets
Easy Chairs Bookcases
Rockers China Closets, Etc.
You can choose from a vast array of goods in this department.
ORIENTAL AND DOMESTIC RUGS.
Choice Assortment— A great variety— Prices very reasonable.
UPHOLSTERY DEPARTMENT.
Sofa Pillows, Tapestry and Velour Table Covers,
Silk and Lace Curtains, Kis-kilems, etc
PRICES MODERATE.
A few examples —
Sofa Pillows from $1.00 each and upward.
Comforters from $1.25 each and upward.
Dainty Writing Desks in either Bird's Eye Maple, Golden Oak
or Mahogany Finish from $7.OO each and upward.
Handsome Chairs and Bockers from $4.50 each and upward.
W. & J. SLOANE.& CO.,
CARPETS-FURNITURE-UPHOLSTERY,
114-116-118-120-122 Post Street.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
J
I
Y.u intend to buy a new one soor, don': you? You intend to'buy it where
y:>u can, in your judgment- get ihe m:>st lor your money in quality,. fit, styie and
appearance. We believe that we can give you ihe most "clothes.qualiiy " for
SJO.OO in San Francisco.
Iri the makirg of our clo'hins: th3re is a thoroughness in the >. tailoring, a
carefulness exercised by our union men, a sincerity felt' by ourselves, whichiin-
sures prac ically perfec; clothes.
The overcoas we have for $10.00 come in black, blue and oxford gray
cheviot. wi*h good durable linings, s!yiS;| winter len?:hs,as pictured on the ex-
treme nshr, the gar.-nens being union mad- throughout; also some nobby top
coats in .he swe.I shades of covert cloth; the pic.ure in the center showsiwhat
a dressy coat it is.
O..r assortment of $10,00 suits is very extensive, comprising a/line of
;he alwa/s popu ar blue and d acK >erges, and likewise durable cheviots, in blue,
:Uck and cxford gray and also fancy worsteds Every suit is union made,
which s:amps the workmanship first rate in every particular; two styles— single
ur double I reasted.
Let us <ave you money now on your clothes, that you may:have* more to,.
spend idr Chr si mas pre>ems.
0
liiilP Boys' Clothes %
¦W^^^ ' f° r Christmas " £Sk~
Clcr.hes are sensible gifts for *" ,
%'.'^f boys; to the many practical math. '^^^^T
M toi- •*'5fci •: ers we want to say that- the b;y v"%» »»^
flP^/ li'rlpi one light and airy fljor with per-
mm/ \lfll ¦ Come in the morning, if possi- »!)«¥ spgje
tPm imL b\c, to avoid the u->ual afternoon His tsUi
JBmf ' q^cV Santa Claus is on the second /i^^Mi/]^^^ P|
\&r floor, with lots of sweets for the J l(^^m W)Wi
children. He is glad to see all the ~v^5n
little folks, so come up and have *^S®[
We fill all mail orders promptly and carefully. We hav9 one department whose only work is
to fill out-of-town orders and correspond with these customers. We would be pleased to have
your name on our mailing list. >T"
.; I1O lYldl iVvl Oil WWl»ENDEAVOR TO ROB, THE '
/ TREASURER OP A THEATER
SIOUX CITY. Dec. 13.— During the per
formance of "Shore Acres" In the Grand
Opera-house In this city to-night two
masked men entered -the box office, as
saulted, beat and shot Treasurer Ha rley
8. Rounds and escaped without getting
cny cash. . •
Thursday. December l!
Stmr Hrnnswlck, Andreacn. 34 hours from
t-an Pedro.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKEl-EY— Sailed Dec 13— 8chr Ex
celslcr, for Pan Pedro.
Arrived Dec 13— Schr Bendlxen. from Sydney.
PORT LOS ANGE7L.ES— Arrived Dec 13— Stmr
Lakme, hence D«« 11.
OCBAN STEAMER.
NEW TORK—Arrived D«c 1»-Stmr Oorgic,
from Liverpool?
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 13.— Weather
rainy; track heavy. Summary:
Seven furlong*. nelllnK— Dave Wal<V> won,
Olekma second. Onoto third. Time, 1:5C\4.
Five and a half furlongs. Belling— Ulvonne
won. Belle of El«rin second, Orrie Ooan third.
Time, 1:12.
KJve and a half furlongs, Belling— W. J. De
bo? won, Hylo second. Matin third. Time,
1:UH.
One tad & sixteenth miles, selling— Monk
Way-man won, Phidias second, Helen Paxton
third. Tim*. 1:S6.
One mile, selling — I/oeuwt Blossom won, Sau
ber second. Col. Cassldy third. Time. 1:48.
Six furlong*, selling— Scrivener won, Jim \V
second. Brown Prince third. Time, 1:1«.
Whistler Wins On Points.
BALTIMORE, Dec. 13.— In a twenty
round bout here to-night between Billy
¦Whintler of this city. and Kid Broad of
Cleveland. Whistler, who wan the ag
gressor throughout, was awarded the de
cision on points.
Turner Defeats Rowan.
DENVER, Dec. 13.— Rufe Turner of
Stockton, Cal., won from ! "Dummy"
Rowan In four rounds before the Colorado
Athletic Association to-night. Rowan
agreed to best Turner In five, rounds, but
was himself so badly beaten that he want
ed ft> quit at the end of the third. The
management Insisted that he go In for an
other round,' which he did, receiving fur
ther punishment. At the beginning of the
fifth he was in such bad shape that his
seconds threw up the pponge.
TAXATION BILLS WILL
SURELY BE DEFEATED
LANSING. Mich., Dec. 13.-The recep
tion that the taxation bills which Gov
ernor Pingree called the special session to
consider will receive In the upper house
of the Legislature was evidenced this aft
ernoon when the Senate adopted a concur
rent resolution to adjourn to-morrow and
leave the ' consideration of all taxation
measures to the incoming Legislature.
While the House refused to concur In the
resolution and tabled It. it is considered
by many that the Senate's action presages
sure defeat for the measures when they
come up In that body.
AS WING AND "DEACON"
JONES WILL DO BATTLE
In the arf-r.a of the San Francisco Ati
letlc <"lub to-night "Deacon" Janes, tha
duFky bantam, will try once more to de
feat An Wing, his ytllow rival. It will
be a bat tie royal and its outcome will
be watched with deep .nterest by all those
Interested in the boxing game. The. Dea
eoa has developed the muscles of his right
arrn "shooting craps" and he assures h'.s
backers that if he lands* on the "Chink's"
jaw it v.ill be all off. Ah Punch, a mem
ber of hi* ton»j, is looking after the condi
tion ol his countryman and he report*
Wir.g to be flying high. The highbinders
are i>ettinp heavily on Ah Wine's chances
cf winnirg and if he is defeated China.
tc.wn will "go broke."
The Other bouts arranged for the even
ii.p'p entertainment are a? follows: Jack
Warner and George O'Brien, four round*
it\ 312 pounds; Oiarles Royal and Jack
Krell. four rounds at US pou.nds; Jack
Archie and Hugh Fricl. four rounds Rt
120 pounds; Hilly Snailham and Joe Brod
tthaw, four round* at 120 pounds: Kid
Krell and Art Kelly, four rounds at 12W
Founds. Sailor fiharkey and Mike Curtin.
our rounds at IS liounOn; Billy Kelly and
Henry Silver, four rounds at W) pounds.
To Enter the Henley Regutta,
NEW YORK. Dec. 13.— At the annual
dinner of the Dauntless Rowing Club
last night It was decided to ' Fend
the senior Hpht-oared crew of the
club to England to compete In the Henley
r*-g?.t:a In 1S02. This crew, which accom
plished the unusual feat of winning as
junior*, intermediate* and seniors during
the Season just passed. Is still In tr*ininir
and la confidently expected by the club to
vln the national championship In the
senior clafs during the Reason of 1901. It
•will then spend another year In training
for the Henlev event and will attempt to
capture that blue ribbon of the aquatic
world In the following spring
ELDORADO, Kan.. Dec. 13— Judge
Phinn eetu the Morrison Jury to their
hotel at i>:3u to-night and instructed them
to resume their deliberations at 8:30 to
morrow morning. The twelve men looked
tired and fagged a.s they filed out of the
court room. They have informed the
court that they are hopelessly of differ
ent minds as regards Miss Morrison s
runt. an< i that they have -topped bal
loting in the jury room. Judge Shlnn will
pive out no intimation as to the length
Of time he will permit the jury to deliber
ate it is considen-d likely that he will
let them stay out the remainder of the
v.eek.
Mi?< Morrison's day was without inci
dent. Her family, as usual, was with her,
t-nd a few other friends called. She is
given special privileges which the oth«r
l»ri£"-i.e--s m the Jiutler County Jail do
r.ot enjoy. She looked and apparently felt
£•» tret] to-d;iy a* ever. She Is bearing
up remarkably well.
Judge Orders the Jury to Be
Again Locked Up for
Deliberation.
NO VERDICT IN
MORRISON CASE
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 13.— The south
bound Illinois Central fast mail, due hero
at 7:15 p. m., wa<« hvld-up and robbed by
a lone train robber about one mile above
the upper limits of tiie city to-night. His
booty consisted of only one registered
mail pouch from Durant. Miss., and six
ther registered letters from points be
tween Cairo and New Orleans.* Conductor
Kinnebrew was shot in the groin and J.
C. Parker, railway mail clerk, had his
left eye powder burned by a shot directed
at hfs head. :
Tne robber got on the train, it is sup
posed, at aome point above the city, and
after pawing Kenner, the last stop be
fore the train arrive* in New Orleans, he
climbed over the engine and covered the
engineer and Arema.i and brought the
train to. a standstill. When the conductor
came forward to see what the trouble
was he was shot by the robber. R. h..
Uuldsbv. one of the railway mail clerks,
Ktuck his head out of the door and was
ordered to Jump down, which he aid.
Thf n the robber led the engineer, nreman
and Gold»by toward the express car and
made one of them olow the side out with
a stick of dynamite which he nuppli<?<J.
This train carries no money and has no
pafe. The robber then made for the mall
car and there discovered Parker, who had
hidden the registered pouches. He shot
at him and then one of the pouches was
produced and the robber made off with it.
He uncoupled the engine from the train
and ran it to a point near Carroilton ave
nue where he abandoned it. The route
of the engine wa* marked by mall pouches
and letters which the robber threw or
dropped out as he escaped. The robber
wa* evidently well acquainted with rail
roading. His face was blackened and he
whs a man little less than six feet tall,
weighing about 1W> pounds. He took Con
ductor Kinnebrew'd watch after he ehot
him.
Work of a Bold Highway
man Near Limits oi New
Orleans.
LOME ROBBER
HOLDS UP TRAIN
TEXARKANA, Ark., Dec. 13.— A bold
rubbery on the Cottonbelt Railway oc
curred to-day at Bassetts, Tex., thirty
miles south of Texarkana, on the train
coming north, in which Postal Clerk John
N. Dennis was almost killed and the mall
pouches of the mail car rifled of their
contents. The amount stolen is not
known.
As the train left the Bassetts water
tank at 6 o'clock a. m. the express and
mall cars were separated on the train, but
the train crew soon had them cotlpled
again. In the run from there to Tex
arkaua the coaches were uncoupled twice
In a very mysterious manner. Upon the
arrival of the train here the United States
transfer clerk went to . the door of the
mall car and knocked for the postal clerk
to open it. No response was given. The
officials then forced an entrance and were
astonished to find the clerk, John N. Den
nis, stretched upon the floor, apparently
dead. An examination showed that the
registered pouches had been ripped open
and. robbed of their contents, the most
valuable of which was the Wayne through
pouch, containing a large number of val
uable packages. A physician was sent
for and it was found that Dennis was
alive, but unconscious. An ugly wound In
the top of his head told the story. Two
hours after he was taken to the hospital
he revived enough to give the details of
the robbery. Just as the train parted at
Bassetts tank Dennis went into the ves
tibule of the mall car to utir up the tire.
When he opened the vestibule door he saw
two men standing by the stove, one of
whom dealt him a terrible blow on the
head with a heavy tire shovel. The Hr,«t
blow felled him and he was then quickly
beaten into a senseless condition. He
knew nothing more until he was removed
to the Texarkana hospital. He is in a
critical condition.
Examination of the car showed that the
robbers gained entrance by crawling
through a small trap door through the
lloor of the vestibule. In this vestibule
is a crank with which a person can un
couple a car and It la believed it was the
Intention of the robbers to disconnect and
get control of both cars. It Is impossible
to tell how much they secured. .
There Is little to work on. as the men
could have left the car at three different
places before the train arrived here.
reached here at noon that two
suspects have been arrested at Naples,
near the scene of the robbery, but none
of the stolen packages were found.
Dennis is an old and trusted mail clerk.
Postal Clerk Beaten Insensi
ble and May Not
, Survive.
TRAIN ROBBERY
NEAR TEXARKANA
DEMANDS OF THE
BALL, PLAYERS REJECTED
Magnates of the National League Re
fuse to Accept Proposals
Submitted.
NEW YORK, Dec. 13.— The National
Baseball League magnates, who have
been in session for the past three days at
the Fifth Avenue Hotel, put in another
busy day to-day, holding two sessions.
The proposition made to the league by
the committee from the Players' Protec
tive Association was the first business
taken up. A report on Wednesday's con
ference was presented to the magnates by
the league committee and the matter was
thoroughly discussed. After the magnatea
had been in session for about an hour
word reached the corridors downstairs
that the demands made by the players
had been thrown out part and parcel.
There was a hurried conference' between
Chief Zimmer, Clark Griffith and Hugh
Jennings, representing tne players' organ
ization, with the result that a note was
sent upstairs asking the magnates to
grant the 1 players another audience. The
magnates received the note and laid it
aside for future action.
One of the results of to-day's early ses
sion of the magnates was the passage of
an amendment to the constitution reduc
ing the number of directors from six to
four. Incidentally a new board was elect
ed, and for the tlrst time in many years
New York is represented on the board.
The new board will consist of Soden of
Boston, Brush of Cincinnati, Dreyfus of
Pitt3burg ajid Freedman of New York.
The entire national board of arbitration,
consisting of Young, Soden, Hrush, Hart,
Robinson and Rogers, was re-elected. The
committee on constitution will be com
posed of Rogers. Brush and Hart.
The magnates unanimously decided to
do away with the custom of early spring
practice trips to the South.
The second session finished without any
thing of importance being accomplished.
The umpire question was thoroughly dis
cussed, but was put over until the annua,
spring meeting. The magnates did not
consider the players' demand for a re
hearing of their case at the evening ses
sion. It probably will be. taken up to-mor
row.
BUT ONE AMERICAN TEAM
IS NOW IN THE RACE
Elkes and McFarland Tied for First
Place With ths Canadian Six-
Day Bicyclists.
NEW YORK; Dec. 13.— Narrowed down
to six sore, battered and strained teams,
the six-dav bicycle race in Madison
Square Garden has now become a con
test of nations. At midnight, at the be
ginning of the fifth day of the contest,
only one American team is left in the
race, Kikes and McFarland. who. with
Pierce and McEachern, the Canadians,
had at thut hour covered 1827 miles and
four laps. Babcock and Aarons and Tur
ville and Glmm had to withdraw as teams
in the eHrly hours Thursday morning on
account of the 'serious injuries received
by Aarons and Turville. Glmm and Bab
cock, however, were allowed to re-enter
the race yesterday afternoon to tight for
the seventh or last prize.
At 2 o'clock the score was as follows:
Mllen. Laps.
Elkes and McFarland 1S65 3
Pierce and McBachern 1S63 3
Hlmar and Oouijoltr. 1803 2
Fl»hw and Frederick '...1S84 7
.Kaser and Ry*er 1^64 7
Waller anil Stlnsnn.... 1*B4 4
Habcock and Aronw.n Hfi6 • 5
Turvllle and Glmm »5« 8
QREAT blgr rhiUy. forbiddins look
ing lciries liunfr fti5=p*»ndpd from
the features of the talent at Oak
land yesterday after the lights
had been turned down on the De
cember handicap. It was worth $775 t.i the
f.Tsi horse, over one mile and a fur'onR.
When l^avator. anS'-poumier, with Ransch
up and 15 to 1 in the betting, came scam
pering in first Ike a scared hare the win
ner received a very frosty reception, for
on his previous race be did not call for
much. If in that event he paraded for
the handicapper's benefit. Mr. Brooks fell
as easy victim. Vulcain. Florizar and
Malav v.-f-ro ieavily played, th<» first
named, starter closing a 3 to 2 favorite.
Coburn with Vulrain made all the run
ning, cloeo-ly trailed by Malay and Flori
zar. ' Only nod.iir.g into the straight for
home. Lavator won as he pleased, with
Florizar beaten for the place by the fa
vorlf. Jack Atkir.s. the bookmaker, net
tod most by the outsider's victory- He
•was said to have hold him out flat, besides
cashing J3W of tickets around the ring.
That class will tell in horse racing re
ceived vivid illustration in the Sacramento
handicap. With a difference in the weights
of forty pounds It looked almost improb
able that Golden Ape. good a colt as he is.
could defeat Bernota. but he did. and most
impressively. Golden Age. with 120 pounds
up and O>M:r?i to do the piloting, dosed
favorite, though at one stage of th» bet
ting it looked as if Bernota might de
throne him. There were only two other
Ftarterj*. Janice and Tony Tapping. At the
etart Jnck Martin took Bernota out at a
dazzling clip, and as the stretch was
reached everything looked over so far as
the first horse was concerned. When tnid
way to the wire Bernota faltered and
Golden Ape sauntered by him. Then
O'Connor astride Jar.ice came with a rush,
eoir.pelling Coburn' to shake up Sam Hil
fireth's slashing colt to win by a neck in
1:2^+. a remarkably good performance.
The big crow -5 of spectators fared well.
for ftret choice* in the betting displayed
veFt'y improved form, passing nothing on
the mer.u but two entrees.
A very liberal price was laid about An
<:rattus in the betting on the opening
tprir.t. and the two-year-old disposed of
Dur.frre. very easily. Billy Lyons, a W to
1 shot, ran third.
Charley Kllis.tn's Bard of Avon annexed
the event follc-winjr. An even money fa
vcrlte. The Bard's son was never headfd.
Isalir.e, a 100 to 1 shot, with Eddie Ross
up. lost the place by a neck only to Rals
ton.
Any one of the quartet starting in the
mile purse run looked to have a chance.
furnishing the best betting race of the
<5ay. It resultf-d in Bill Garrett winning
about as he picased from Socialist. Mee
hanus cut big capers out in front for a
way. but closed up like an umbrella.
Osmond, the f to 3 choice, captured the
final n'jml>er after a rub with Vlloa. Show
honors went to Jim McCWevy, a BO to 1
chance.
Track Notes
On*» of Fred Cook's rashif-rs was sus
pended frrm ill track privil^jr^s until Jan
uary 17 for striding a poi>l-buyer from the
grand stand.
I>ornlniek, as usual. carrU-d off the s*ad
dl" honnrf.
Foliowir.s: ar<> to-d:iy*s entri*-?:
First Race— Five and u half furlongs; thre?
|MT4lfl(; .«*"!llr.R:
:!X Klrkura!"* ....in* H70 Tir.ona K9
*147<itVa.mine 'OS 343:: Matt Hoean... »^
;¦"¦:' i>K.m<"l V" ! 47" The Finpt-r ...W*
irn Ht Amhonv ... J<^ i:C4 lv\fr^aux !*9
1443 \'v.\A\ 112 1131 I>»n1»»l »:•
Tlie IV-neilct. .. Wl I4M Uur-irn k 99
P»-rrrfid I'.sre— Pevrn furlong:*; three-yfar-old*
•ni up: FfUinj:
1472 AFtor 104; 14K Pinjf 104
1472 Pnipx Hi' 74T2 Mrrry Boy ....104
l«rr ]mp<>rinu« 1<* 3472 Wyoming 107
13S7 Almoner 1CH 147! Flamffro 104
1472 LomoTid 102 J4« El Mld<» 104
154$ Incindiator 1071
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13.— Weather cloudy. Track fast
14HO. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; felling; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
~j JPO.) " r ~B^tlng
Index (IIorM and Weight. PwtjSt.. %. %. Str. Fin. Jocke.yx. O:>. Hi. Cl. PI.
14:,8 JAndrattus 103 4 2 11 11»4 14 16 Dominic\ .. 8-5 8-2 5^2 1
(1!4») j Dun free 103 5 S 5h 41 21 2 %i O'Connor ... 5-2 8 7 5-2
U377) iBilly Lyons 100 s 4 7^4 51 43 32 Cobum 15 . ' 40 40 15
(1451) [Ravelin* 104 «6 14 22 3H 4t4 Martin 4 4 4 8-2
I4u- Quiz II 10- 3 6 2h SI 6 1ft 52 HasFinRer ..4 5 5 2
144S Gold BadRe 105 »1 61 72 61 6Vi J. Woods.... 10 12 8 3
1223 lOume Warden ..100 28 9 84 7172 Mounce .... 6 20 20 8
1463 Cora Goeti ]09 7 7 4h 6V4 86 8 10 Alexander.. 10 20 V) 8
«£*_!Ben M.ig.-n 102 1 8 8 V» » » » J. Miller ' 15 30 20 10
Time- To : i. :21; to V4. :44V; lai«t «i. 1:00% : short %. 1:10. Good start. Won easily. Second
and thin! driving. Winner, W. R. Larzelere's b. g. by Imp. St. Andrew-Ottyanna. Winner
hfl'l the other* sparring for wind from the time the gong struck. Dunfree pocketed on hack
stretch. Raveling weakly ridden. Qul» not game. Game Warden sore. Scratched — Mod
d<?r 101. Skip Me 111. " ¦
MSI. SECOND RACE-Plx furlong?; pelllngr; all ages; purse. »350.
~ |Po7j ; ; , ¦ Belting
Index jHoiKf. Age. Weight. (PstjSt. H. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Or>. Hi. Cl. PI.
145S JBard of Avon, 2.. 90 3 1 11 1 H 1 1 12 Martin 1 X 11-3
1454 'Ralston, a lftS IB 51 41 41 2n J. Daly 4 9-2 9-2 7-5
1107 ilsallne, 3 115 14 3h 62 3 4 32 E. Ross 25 100 100 30
14r.S iHomape. 2 fc." « 2 41 3H5H 4h Ransch 5 15 12 5
14«2 iAnJnu. S 113; 5< 6« «« 66 5h Mounce 2 7-2 7-2 4-5
14:.4 |Neoklac«. 4 1141 73 22 24 22 66 Domlntck .. 6 15 15 4
1455 J Loneliness. 2 E5[ 4 7 7 7 7 7 F. Webster. 15 40 J_J? 1?
Time— V :244: V*. :47*«; *i, 1:13V Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner. C. R. Ellison's b. g. hy The Bard-Water Lily. Bard won vr!th something to spare.
Ralston came very close to running his race, even if he did go the overland route, llom
aite bnrily piloted. Anjou slow to leave the slip.
I 1*2. THIRD RACE-Seven furlongs; Sacramento handicap; two-year-olds; purse, $500.
\Po.) " ~ "T~ — Betting >
Ind^x : Horse and Weight. I'Pst St. »i. H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PL
1441 :Golden Age 1201 42 32 21 22 In 'Coburn 1 3-2 7-5 3-10
(1441) 'Janice 1.* 2 I 4 4 4 35 22 O'Connor ... 3 3 . 3 8-5
<147«> l>rnota M ill 11 12 11 SB J. Martin... 2 5-2 11-3 1-2
.... !Tony Lepplng.... 9S 3;2.2h 32 4 4 Dominlck .. 10 IS 15 *
Time— >*7 :12H; S. :•'«: V 1:00; T <u 1:2SU. Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner, 8.
C. Hlldreth'i b. c. by imp. Golden Garter-Nonage. Race of preceding day did not help
Herrnta. for he stopped while galloping. O'Connor on Janice was whistling rag time se
lections when barrier was rel>-afM. Jf £™^l?*d— Tyr ICO.
I |s;{. FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and up; purse. *40O.
f~ ""TPon ~ r Betting ->
Index , Horse. Age. Weight. i Put, St. K- 4- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
Ui53> Rill Oarrett. 3. ..105 23 2H21 12 12 Inominick .. 2 7-2 7-2 7-10
<]?•><>> Socialist. 5 109 42 32 32 2h 2h Mounce .... 5 9-2 9-2 1
<14r6t 'F>!»ence. 3 103! 34 4 4 3H84 O'Connor ... 2 3 3 4-o
I44* !Me*hanuf. 4..V. ; :.107|^ 1 1 1 14 1 2 4_ 4 ) Coburn :.^.l 2 2 9-5 jy>_
Time— 1 4 :2S; *t :49: »;. 1:13*4; mile. 1:39»*. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving Winner Oodfrey & Co.'s ch. g. bv HrHisatonlo-Bessle Baker. Bill Oarrett was
l.red in Tike County. Missouri, and showed 'em something to-day. Socialist tried to bear
out through the stretch, interfering with Essence.^ Too^ fajr Jor^ y*^"*"^
14.M. FIFTH RACD-Mlle and an eighth; December Handicap; 3-year-old8 and up; $1000.
F~ "poTj * i Betting >,
Index jHorse. Age. Weight. Fst St. K- H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
T460 1 Lava tor 4 R5| 44 4 4 21 11 JRansch 6 15 15 ' 3
(\\m iVuleatn.' 3 10S 3 3 1% 1*4 11 23 Coburn 1 8-5 3-2 1-2
1473 FU.rlzar. S 97 2 2-32 31 3^32 Dominlck .. 8 7-2 3 3-3
1447 Malay 4 94J 1 1 2 3 2 «4 4 4 J. Martin... 2 2 2 1-2
•Mm^— 14 -I* 1 *-"** -S6*i' *i 1'01'i; T i 1:27: mile. 1:40^: l'»m, l:f.2*4. Good start. Won
cleverly.' gecond'and thlnl' driving. Winner. C. E. Durnell's ch. g. by Salvator-Hot Spring.
Winner had a Rip Van Winkle awakening. Yulraln never given a chance to get flat-footed.
Ftoricar outfooted. Malay Injudlcioijslyrltldrn^^
j -»f*n. SIXTH RAfT- One mile; selling: four-> car-olds; purse. 33W.
j ~~ |Po7j ' < Betting
Indox Hnrse and Weight. Tst'st. M. H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
~144r" ! Oi»mond ..~...1«V4J 8 14 2 1 2 2 ... 12 lO'Connor .. 1 6-5 6-5 2-5
14-1 r>l.,a ...HI 9!5 «3 3^4 ... 24 «'oburn 5-2 6 9-2 8-5
!£» : jim McV-ieevy... 107 s|( * 7 1 ... S H Hall 20 HO f) 6
14V OlT^gaber ........104 7!3 4 >i 6 h ... 42 Ransch 8 30 8
1J35 , nm 104 ill 8h Sn ... 5 5 Mounce .... 4 6 3 4-5
lMO Srnta . . .lll ! 2|2 13 14 ... 6 2 Dominlck .. 8 15 15 5
ii" '«cbHnken 104! 4 9 7 2 9 ... 7 3 Martin 8 25 25 10
14-- li»-lU connori 1UM Sli 5 1 5» ... 8 1 .1. Woods...}' 12 25 15 «
JS42 '«*ld Ba^Si ™...;iM[_ 4 [_7_ 3 2 4 h _JZ_J* malinger ..| _15_ 30 30 J2
Time-^ 1 "V H 43U; *i. 1:15: mUe. 1:41>«- Bad start. Won handily. Second and third
•'riving Winner G. B. Morris' ch. g. by Farandale-Orchld. Osmond had good racing
lurk CllM ran' a game race. I'lm knocked out of it at first turn. Synla. quit.
¦ Third Rare— SMx furlongs ; two-y<*ar-ol<lR; sell
ir.it:
menspid*. iosi i47S Bab 101
• HSMTVnny B-Ue ...W?- --• I>andy Jim ¦¦¦¦] ( *}
IMS Rollick 95 U«r,S)Jlm Hale 10j
' 14*0 Billy Lyons ... S3 1 146S Flatterer 99
Fourth Race— One mil* 1 : three-year-olds ; San
; Jose handicap:
O4S7>Kd«rardo 1™ H«0 Specific 1C9
1464 liatho* si U472)Owensboro l«0
¦ J4VI <;untu 80 1136 Rlxford 8a
I "i4r» Ilaviland 9>i t
• Fifth Rare— One, and an eiphth mlW-a; three
i year-olds and up; pellinff.
, "l461 Scnello Si 14«T Castake 93
• 344* Th.- Hobby .. . nn <147r.)TopmaM 1W
1437 l."na 94 1**3 Essence 9a
; 14« Ton-Ida S4
Sixth Racp — One mile; three-year-olds and
up; purse:
(H79)I^ithian i»j 1469 Ollnthus 103
14T9 Dunblane 10.1 HTM McNamara 100
(1437>I-ost Girl 103 1465 Herculean 100
14B2 MacGyle »"• (1404)OrdnunK 109
1303 Urchin 100'
Probable Winners.
First Rao* — Pupil. Vantine, Diomed.
S^ond Race— Mrrry Boy, Ping, Wyoming.
Third Racfr-Selde. Jim Hale, Rollick.
Fourth Race — Owensboro, Havlland. Specific
Fifth Race— Torslda, Castakc, The Bobby.
Sixth Race — Ordnuntr. Lothian. Herculean.
By F. E. MULHOLLAND
Vulcain, Florizar and Malay Had No Chance With the Rank Out
sider—Golden Age Gave Away Pounds and Won.
LAVATOR, A 15 TO 1 SHOT, CAPTURES
THE DECEMBER HANDICAP GALLOPING
INDIANAPOLIS, Dec. 14.-The Sentinel
this morning says: Attorney General
Taylor, on behalf of the State of Indiana,
will file suit in the Superior Court of
Marion County this (Friday) morning,
asking the appointment of a receiver for
the Order of Chosen Friends, one of the
largest fraternal insurance association*
in the United State?
The filing of the suit will affect thirty
States of the Union, as the association has
been authorized to do business in that
number. ¦-, ¦
In the application for a receiver, which
is a voluminous document, the fact Is set
out that the association is Insolvent and
unable to meet the death claims now out
standing.
These claims aggregate about $300,000
and came to light through an examination
made by George U. Blngham, expert of
the Indiana insurance department, last
"Wednesday.' Immediately upen being ad
vised of the condition of the association
Auditor of State Hart notified T. B. IJnn,
supreme recorder of the ChO6en Friends,
that the order was insolvent and he would
at once make application for a receiver.
The utmost recrecy has been observed
in the preparation of the papers* to be
filed in the Supreme Court, because the
Auditor desired that Indiana be the first
State to appoint a receiver, as under the
law the first appointed takes priority
over any that may be appointed In other
States.
An examination instituted by the State
Insurance Department also revealed thRt
former Supreme Treasurer William B.
Wilson who has been In office since 1R95,
had defaulted to the amount of about $30.
000; Air. Wilson died last October, and the
order Is secured by a bond In one of the
bonding companies and will lose nothing
on account of this defalcation.
The order was organized about twenty
years ago and Indianapolis has always
been the headquarters. Among the States
that have councils are: California 116,
Nevada 4, Arizona 1. Colorado 2, Kansas
3, Montana 2, Oregon 1 and Washington 1.
California has the largest membership —
5131. The total memt>erBhip is 22,140.
Suit Filed Asking for the
Appointment of a
Rectiver.
*
Order Has Been in Existence Twenty
ITears and Its Largest Mem
bership Is in Cali
fornia.
CHOSEN FRIENDS
NOW INSOLVENT
CALIFORNIA ALUMNI
AT FOOTBALL BANQUET
Guests of the Even
ing.
Coach Kelly and the Team Are the
The Alumni Association of the Univer
sity of California banqueted ..ne football
team at the Merchants' Club last night.
Addlson Kelly was the guest of honor and
President : Green of the Associated Stu
dents acted aa toestmaster. •
During the many-coursed dinner, which
was served between 7 and 10 o'clock, the
football players and several of the alumni
were called upen for remarks anent the
occasion. One and all lamented the defeat
on Thanksgiving day and called for the
protecting and coaching shades of Prince
ton to aid them in the annual struggle, of
1901. University athletics, past and fu
ture, were the general theme for the
speechmakers. College . songs and toast*
to tne brawn and skill of every man con
cerned in the Intercollegiate same of 1300
Supervisor Reed will introduce at th«
next meeting- of the board an ordinance
designed to abolish what he terms "fake"
amateur boxing contests by restricting
professional boxing exhibitions to regu
larly incorporated athletic club*. This
will necessitate the rescinding of the
present ordinance, which permits amateur
pontestg under the auspices of reputable
clubs. Reed says that the ordinance has
been violated in that instead of trophies
the contestants have been given money.
Reed will make an exception In favor of
the Olympic Club, which fosters clean
sports, and a special permit will be. given
that club for Its exhibitions.
To Restrict Boxing Exhibitions.
Oakland Office San Kr.indsco Call,
HIS Broadway, Dec. 13.
Billy Delaney, the well-known trainer
and manager of prize-fighters, left to
night as the authorized agent of a new
sporting club shortly to be established
across the bay, and likewise, If current
report be true, to resume relations with
big Jim Jeffries, who has missed Delaney
since their reported falling out last sea
son.
Delaney will not say flatly that his mia
sion eastward is to again become the ma
jor domo of the Jeffries menage, but the
indications are so strong that the Califor
nlan has urgpd Delaney to come to him
that the guarded statements of the bluff
trainer are accepted as evidence of the
truth of the report which comes from
New York.
• "I may return In a month and may re
main away longer." was the way Delaney
put it when he boarded the train at Six
teenth-street station.
"Yes. 1 shall look up the fighters," he
continued. "1 have credentials from a
new club in San Francisco that is well
backed and will be handled by men in
whom the public has confidence. I am
going to see if Terry McGovern wants a
light with a man I believe has a chance
against htm — I mean Marty McCue. Now.
McCue may not ce ab.e to. whip the
demon, McGovern, but he is clever and
would give a good account of himself. A
meeting between these men would be like
the Sullivan-Corbett fight. People said
Sullivan would hammer Jim into a corner
and pound him to a finish. They did not
give Corbett credit for cleverness enough
to keep out of such a mess until the re
sult of the contest was known. McCue is
a clever ring general and can protect Mm
self.
"As for Jeffries, well, we parted friends
last June. If he is properly handled the
big fellow will last ten years and will con
tinue to be the leader of them all.. Fitz
simmons cannot whip him if Jeffries goes
into the ring In condition. Jim should
tight at 220 pounds. The trouble has been
that he would insist upon too hard train
ing. Jeffries would undoubtedly make
every sacrifice to mee,t Fitzsimmons
again."
Billy Delaney Goes East to
Look Up th« Men of
the Prizering.
HICAGO. Dec. 13.— Terry McGovern
//if now the undisputed lightweight
VV > champion of the world. He
knocked out Joe Gans of Baltimore
after two minutes and five seconds
of fighting in the second round. Gans
put up a very poor exhibition and was
never In it at any stage of the game. Mc-
Govern started rushing him at sound of
the gong and never let up until Gans was
counted out. Gans never delivered an ef
fective blow during the fight, and for a
man of his reputation he made a light
which will gain him no friends among
lovers of true sport In the ring. George
Slier, the veteran referee, who presided
in the ring, said after Gans had be*-n
taken to his corner: "Gans put up a very
poor tight. That's all I have to say."
McGuvtjrn put up a clean, fast fight
from start to finish and is entitled to all
the credit of-a victory. He fought hard
and- fast, his blows went home straight
to th« mark and if the fight is to be cried
down at all it is on account of the miser
able showing made by Gans. During the
first round he never attempted to mix up.
He never made an effort to use his left
counter, for which he is so famous, and
did nothing but back away with a scared
look on his face. In the second round he
attempted to tight a little at the opening,
but soon resorted to his backward march,
attempting no return blows and making 1
no effort to block the hot ones which Me-
TO MAKE MATCHES
FOR A NEW CLUB
Govern sent In on his mouth and face.
As he was rolled down on the floor time
and apnin, after every rush McGovern
made, he looked around with a helpless
expression as though be had no Idea
whether it was part of tne proceedings
for him to ripe or remain where he was.
On the last knockdown he ¦was on his back
for Fix seconds, rolled over on his face.
rose to his left knee and remained In that
position until Siler tapped him on ths
shouuler, telling him that the fight waa
over and that he was a loser. He was
lifted and was able to walk In a feeble
manner to his corner.
As McGovern, smiling and wavln? his
hand, turned toward his corner, he was
picked up In the arms of his manager
and seconds and carried bodily to his
chair. In an Instant the ring was
thronged with wildly cheering McGovern
adherents, who gathered around the
Brooklyn man's corner and cheered him
again and again as McGovern, pantinir
a little from his exertions, but with no
marks of any kind, started to put on his
clothes.
"He only hit me once." said McGovern.
"and that was In the first minute of tha
first round. He pok*»d his left into my
mouth good and hard, but I knew I had
him on the next exchange."
Gans had no excuse to offer for his
quick defeat. His seconds, however, said
that Gana was overtrained and that his
stomach had been bad all day.
There was a loner delay after the. pre-
wound up the evening's gathering around
the festal board.
e
Colored Man Makes a Miserable Showing, Acting as Though He
Were Frightened and Making No Effort to Fight.
linimary fights 'in order that the- rtair
might be spread with fresh canvas and
the picture-making device set In opera
tion. The nn? was lit up by sixty-eight
arc lights and four enormous reflector*,
the whole glvinp a candlepower of 200.000.
Despite the great heat generated by the
lamps, the hall was uncomfortably cold,
the windows and doors having been open
ed on all sides to permit the breeze to
biow through, and the 15.000 people, the
largest crowd ever assembled in Tat
tcisalls. shivered and stamped their feet
before the fighters made their appearance.
After the light, which was under strict
Marquis of Queensberry rules, there "were
many vigorous expressions of dissatisfac
tion among the/ crowd, it being openly
asserted by many that Gar.s made a de
liberate fake of his fight.
Gans weighed 134\k pounds. McGovern
less than l'.'.'l.
There were numerous stories last nl?ht
and to-day that the tight was fixed for
McGovern to win and the betting set
steadily In that direction during the la*t
twenty-four hours. Wednesday night U
was 1 to 2 that McGovern would stay tha
limit. Just prior to the fight It was even
money that Gans would be knocked out.
Round 1 — McGovern led with the left. Ha
rusted Gans to the ropes, poundlrujr him very
hard on the ribs with the left. McGovern
missed a rizht and left. McGovern «ent Gans
back with a left to the Jaw. Clans acting on
the defensive. McGovern rushed, landir.s harl
right and left on ribs, Gar_s uppeTCuttinjf un
der the heart. Gans put right and left to the
face. McGovern put left and right to jaw.
sending Gars staggering with right an-i left.
following him up closely with risht and left.
McOovern sent liana to ropes with rlsht an.t
left to the face. ilcGovern landei! right to the
Jaw, stagB«rinjr Gana. Guns nearly floored
with left to the face. Gans knocked tiown witt.
left to Jaw. L'p at count of sov~n. Gana
knocked down acain ooe second aft«-r the bell
ran?. Gans taken to his corner in a grosrgy
condition. A claim of foul was made.
As soon as the men came together from their
corners McOovern made a rush and put tw>
lefts and a right to the Jaw. Gana went down
flat, rose slowly to one knee and took the conn:
of seven. As he rose MrGovern canxe in with
a fierce rush, sending his left to the body and
whipping hlj right across to the Jaw on tie
breakaway. Gans k«*i>i backins. but twice
swung feebly at McOovern' • Jaw. The blows
would not have Injured a baby and McGoverr.
paying no attention to them, came In with a
hard right on the ear and a left to the mouth.
He kept right after Clans, who kept backing
around the ring. When tha eclored boy stood
his around McGovern was at him like a Cash.
landing two lefts on the Jaw and a rlffht on t;-. •
jaw immediately after, sending Gans sprawl-
Ing on his back. He took the full couat cf
nine, but was very unsteady when he ro*».
McGovern caught him flush on the Jaw and
down he went ohce more. LTp he «*»rn^ again
and down he went faster than he rose. A left
and rifht to tha Jaw did the business this
time. It was was all over now and McOovern
v.aa a tur* winner. He sent a right t» the
jaw as Gans wobbled to h'.s feet again and
the colored boy went down atraln. He came up.
almost gone, without a chance la th» world tc
win. and as he lifted his knees from the floor
McGovern settled him. It was a left and right
to the Jaw. then a right again.- and Gana lay
on his back, the blood ooilng from his mouth,
the beaten man In a flpht in which he had no
share of credit or glory for him. He rolled
over on his face, tot upon one knee and re
mained In that posttlon while Slier callad oft
the ten seconds. He was able to walk to his
corner with the aid of his seconds, and with
the exception of a bleeding mouth showed no
signs of hard punching.
George Siler, the referee, will make tha
following statement in to-morrow's Trib
une:
"Gans put up the weakest article of
fight ever witnessed Jr. Chicago. HU every
effort was weak and he acted as If he
were not trying. His blocking, howrver.
was all rij?ht. but his hitting, of which so
much has been said, was not In evidence.
I do not like to accuse a fighter of faking,
but will say that Gans' work had aU tha
earmarks of a fake.
"Terry fought aa usual. He sailed Into
Gana at the tap of the gong, slashing
away with both hands at head and body.
His body blows werg the most effective.
even though Gans went to the canvaa
repeatedly from head blows.
"The knockout was a short right jolt
under the chin, and may have been hard
enough to put Gans down for the count,
but It did not strike me bo."
Wiley Gets Decision.
PORTLAND, Dec. 13.-ilax Wiley,
champion amateur middle-weJgrht wrestler
cf the United States, won In a catch-aa
catch-can match at the Multnomah Club
to-niffht with Edward Johnson, champion
middle-weight of. the Multnomah Club.
Wiley was given the decision In the first
bout, after thirty minutes" wrestllns with
out a fall. He won a fall in nine minute*
in the second bout.
• '
walcott Defeats Hanrahan.
HARTFORD. Conn.. Dec. 13.— Billy Han
rahan of New York "was knocked cut In
the twelfth round to-nigrht by Jo« "Wal
cott. The white man had the advantage
In height, weight and reach, but his hard
blows did not nave any effect on "Walcott.
A right hook on the jaw put Hannhan
out.
TERRY McGOVERN KNOCKS OUT JOE GANS
IN SECOND ROUND OF A FAST FIGHT
SURPRISES FOR THE TALENT AT OAKLAND TRACK AND FOR FIGHTER GANS AT CHICAGO.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ! FRIDAY, DEQEMBER 14, 1900.
TERRY McGOVERN, THE REMARKABLE YOUNG FEATHER-WEIGHT
PUGILIST, WHO KNOCKED OUT THE LIGHTWEIGHT. JOE GANS,
IN A FAST FIGHT LASTING BUT TWO ROUNDS.
4
jj I Hats as Gifts I
| c To the many folks who are going to make Christ- \
f mas presents of hats, we want to say that our hat de- t j
I partment will help them solve the important ques- j '
i tion, "what to give.". ! I
1 1 Our assortment comprises all sorts of hats at all !|
\ prices, including the famous $3.00 Hawes Hats. |
:| See our hat window near the Market-street en- 1
I trance. It will give you some idea of our varied as-
;, j. sortment.
1 1 Any hat may be e.^hanged after Christma3 if de- !
. 1 sired. j I
I 1 Out-of-town orders filled -write us. j
718 "Market Street. jI "Write for new catalogue of watchee. Jewelry &
silverware. Hammersmith & Field, 38 Kearny. •
¦ ¦ m ¦ - ,
Buy your Imported and. domestic silver
at Geo. R. Moss & Co., 145 Stockton st. •
Guarding Inspector Appointed.
Customs Collector Stratton yesterday
appointed T. W. Lynch from the civil ser
vice eligible list as guarding inspector.
Mr. Lynch is a resident of Marysville.
Plan Yuletide Festival.
The British and American Union has
planned a yuletlde festival, embracing a
scenic production of . Bracebridge Hall
and Introducing old-fashioned Christmas
revels The entertainment will be given
on Wednesday evening, December 19. at
Odd Fellows* Hall, Seventh and Market
streets. Admission Is 50 and 25 cents.
You Will Be Right in It.
A special men's vicl kid, box calf, seal
skin or kangaroo shoes, worth $4 to 15,
will be cold to-morrow for $1 85 a pair.
These shoes are hand sewed, stylish. All
sizes. At the shoe trust sale of 'the Bee
Hive Shoe Company, 717 Market street,
near Third. •
INVINCIBLE ARGUMENT.
Time limit to Be Observed in This
When a piano dealer sells an average of
seven pianos per day he should be satis
fied. We desire to-day Just six good cus
tomers to purchase that number of the
remaining pianos on our floor. These are
mostly of the better grades and are the
cream of our stock. We also have still
several of the cheaper grades, and these
will only be offered for the balance of
this week. Our present quarters are for
rent and the goods must and will be dis
posed of before 9 o'clock Saturday even
ing so to tho^e of you who are waiting
until the last minute we would suggest
that you come in to-day and decide this
question once and for all time, whether a
piano will ever enter your home or not;
We have explained fully in this paper why
we are offering these great reductions,
but for the benefit of the careless we wish
again to state that we have other inter
ests in manufacturing industries which
require all of. our attention, and Saturday
evening will end this matter as far as we
are concerned. You can actually save
over $100 on any piano in the remaining
stock. Is that any object to you? If it is
you had better make up your mind, and
do it quick. Come in to-day at 230 Post
street, Hockett Bros. & Co., and let us
convince you of the truth of our state
ments. Store open day and night until
goods are sold. ¦» ' * ;
No man is truly wise who denies that
he ever made a fool of himself.
after "kangaroo figure." Smith was In
the witness chair and Mrs. Smith fixed
her eyes Intently on him. The witness
squirmed. He had reason to know what
Jt meant when his spouse gazed at him
with her "heavenlv blue orbs."
Foshay Walker, who represents Mr.
Smith, opened the case by calling the at
tention of the witness to the eightieth
charge of cruelty in the complaint, at the
same time handing the witness the com'
plaint for reference.
Judge Daingerfield intervened. "Walker,
in legal parlance, was leading the ¦wit
ness, and the court sought to protect the
defendant.
"I wish to Inform you," said Judsre
Dain^ertield addressing Mrs. Smith, "that
litigants who elect to try their cases
without the aid of counsel are often at a
disadvantage, especially those who have
no knowledge of law. Have you ever
studied law?"
"I know enough about this case to try
It." responded Mrs. Smith tartly.
"Very well, proceed with the hearing,"
said Judge Dafngerfield.
The next question, which "was plainly
objectionable, but which Mrs. Smith al
lowed to slip Into the record, proved to the
court her helplessness in the face of the
legal technicalities that were constantly
to arise during the hearing. He there
fore went gallantly to her assistance and
cleared the record of its objectionable
features. Foshay Walker objected to the
action of the court. The only satisfac
tion h<* got was In the nature of an excep
tion allowed by the court, and thenceforth
during the day's proceedings Mrs. Smith
fortunately was given the advice of the
court.
The Smiths were married In '78, and
since '92 they have been living apart.
During these long years of separation
though the lady has frequently reminded
the cashier of her existence. These re
minders took the form of well-seasoned
letters, which Smith treasured with care.
Yesterday he offered them as evidence of
some of the mental cruelty he has been
obliged to endure at the hands of his wife.
Mrs. Smith's chirogrnphy is the worst
part of her letters. Judge Daingerfield
declared he was unable to decipher the
notes the lady penned and so did Smith's
attorney. Thereupon Mrs. Smith volun
teered to read her'communicatlons to her
husband, and, her offer being accepted,
she read with elocutionary effect eight of
the thirty-seven letters that help swell
the cruelty charge.
Mrs. Smith's "cruelty" covered many
sheets of paper and touched upon a
mvriad of subjects. She was in turn
poetic and prosaic, fearful and threaten
ing. Coldly critical at all times she spared
no one and volunteered her opinion on all
sorts and conditions of things and people.
Judge Hebltord came in for some warm
remarks at her hands. So did Nicholas D.
Smith, the uncle of her husband. Of him
she wrote, "The old rascal. If ever hi.
face comes In contact with our son's foot
ball hand he will never know what struck
him." But the most telling effects of the
RED CROSS LADIES WTXL
GIVE SOLDIERS PRESENTS
Christmas Tree at Presidio Will Be
Loaded "With Mufflers, Hand
kerchiefs and Slippers.
The ladies of the San Francisco Red
Cross Society, comprising the committee
in charge of the Christmas celebration at
the General Hospital. Presidio, met yes
terday afternoon. After a lengthy dis
cussion It was decided that warm
mufflers, bedroom slippers and handker
chiefs would be the most appropriate
Christmas gifts for sick or convalescent
soldiers. There are TOO patients In the
General and Post Hospitals, and a large
number of these articles will be required,
and It Is expected that the warm-hearted
people of San Francisco will co-operato
with the society In procuring these com
forts for the boys In blue.
The executive committee will be greatly
pleased if those anxious to give to the
soldiers a cheerful Christmas will forward
as many of these articles as possible to
Mrs. John F. Merrill, president of the
Red Cross Society, corner of Van Ness
avenue and Washington Btreet, before
Friday, December 21.
The following ladies are on the execu
tive committee: Mrs. S. G. Banborn, Mrs.
Louis Sloss. Mrs. W. R. Smedberg, Mrs,
Martinez, Mrs. James Elder and Mrs.
Jerome Madden.
/ -^r HARLES H. SMITH, cashier of the
/T Southern Pacific Company, would
(i . better get ready to spend some
uncomfortable moments In Judpe
Daingrerf.eld's courtroom. Smith
Is suing- for a divorce from his wife, Jose
phine Smith, on the ground of cruelty,
and Mrs. Smith Is conducting her own
e.<1© of the- case.
WTien the acuoa was called for hearing ;
yesterday morning. Mrs. Smith rose In
court and announced that she was ready
to try her own case, her former counsel.
Samuel M. Shortrtdge. ha.ving withdrawn.
The case was set on the calendar for
hearing at 2 o'clock in the afternoon.
Punctual to the minute, Mrs. Smith
took her seat at the bar., g-org-eouply
puwned tor the occasion. Her -white eilk
corsage was of the latest style; her black
Filk skirt of the latest approved cut— the
<-ntire effect resulting la the much sought
be well to ask for Legislative permission to
use ballot machines at municipal elections.
These are being usod at elections in Eastern
States, and have been a pronounced success.
We would also ask your wlsh«»3 in regard to
tha policy of again submitting a constitutional
amendment to provide for the exemption of
public bonds from taxation. Vi hlle this amend
ment was defeated at the last election, the
majority against it was not large. Were It to
be again submitted, the subject again agitated,
and by conducting an educational campaign,
the result might be favorable.
The remainder of the session was de-'
voted to the discussion of needed legisla
tion. A draft of an amended bond act
and a draft of an act authorizing the levy
of a special tax lor specific public im
provements, upon vote of the people, were
referred to the judiciary committee.
As to the collection of license taxes in
municipalities by county authorities there
seemed but one opinion, and a resolution,
offered by City Attorney Partridge of San
Jose, that It be the sense of the league
that the county government act be so
amended that Supervisors shall not be
given the power to levy license taxes on
businesses within the limits of Incor
porated towns was adopted.
The delegates indulged in a heated dis
cussion of the question as to whether
town marshals or other officers should be
elected by the people or appointed by the
Board of Trustees In cities of the fifth and
sixth classes. On a straw vote the con
vention expressed its sense as in favor of
such appointment of both the Marshal and
the City Clerk.
Should jury trials be abolished in ca"?es
of violation of city ordinances? was a
question that developed radical differences
of opinion. After a long discussion a res
olution favoring legislation to provide for
Jury verdict upon a two-thirds vote, and
was adopted without opposition.
The session this morning will begin at
10 o'clock with a paper on "The Cost of
Producing Electric Current in Municipal
Plants," by Professor C. D. Marx of Stan
ford University. At 2 p. m. Mayor Phelan
will speak on the new charter.
SOME OF THE FIGURES IN THE
TRIAL OF THE SMITH DIVORCE
SUIT.
many letters were the pen pictures she
drew of the luckless husband.
"Mayer, the tailor." she wrote, "in
sulted our son by telling him he had a
long thin neck like yours and that his
shoulders stooped like yours. He wound
ed his feellnprs by saying he had a shape
like yours." In another letter she wrote.
"You miserable cur, ray blood boils when
I think you are the father of a son of
mine. If I discover you have any im
moral relations with any female I will
k!U you."
On the stand Smith told of the numer
ous acts of cruelty lie had suffered at the
hands of his wife. He told how she had
come to his office m the Southern Pacific
building, called him a thief and flung an
ink bottle at him. Of course the bottle
missed the mark. Mrs. Smith aimed for
the Smith head, but the bottle waa
smashed on the window sill and spilled
Its contents all over the floor.
But the crudest of all the cruel tale9
was the encounter with "our son" of the
football hand, which took place on Feb
ruary 16, 1898, in Smith's room at 30 Post
street.
"The boy came with his mother," said
Smith. "As usual sht began talking about
money and accusing me of all sorts of
things. The boy sprang at me and I
sprang at him. He caught my head like
a football under hl3 left arm and with
hia right he smashed me. I felt the blow.
Our son Is six feet tall and strong. AVc
fell on the floor. Then Mrs. Smith pro
duced a whip she carried and began beat-
Ing me on the head and shoulders. She
finally broke the -whip and thereupon
rushed out In the street yelling "Police!"
"My landlord came to the room," Smith
went on to say, "and he found me grap
pling with my son on the floor. 'Do you
want to right this to a finish?" he said.
'No.* I said, and thereupon he ordered the
boy to leave the house. The boy went."
Mrs. Smith let the duties of attorney
which she took upon herself rest lightly
on her shapely shoulders. She made no
objections and only interrupted the pro
ceedings twice. Once she begged "the
court to instruct her husband lit the
forms of good manners," for he had re
ferred to "our son" as "her son." And
once she asked that the court compel her
husband, who she "believed was either
chewing tobacco or gum," to speak plain
ly. Also she took it upon herself to cor
rect the witness. Smith declared under
oath that he had seen forty-four winters
come and go. "That's wrong, your Hon
or," said the lady; "my husband is 45
years old."
The complaint that Smith has filed cov
ers several pages of matter. In it he al
leges that on June 8, 1839, Mrs. Smith
charged him with being the associate of
female lepers. February 27, 1S99. she came
to his office, he claims, at 4 Montgomery
street, "and with all her vocal powers,
which are strong, she denounced plaintiff,
calling him a thief, accusing him of being
a thief, said he stole money from the
Southern Pacific, said she would kill him
and called him a miserable cur with a
shriveled body." June 15, 18?S, he says, she
came to his office accompanied by her
son. Armond C. Smith, and wife and son
assaulted the father • and severely beat
him. She called him a liar and a tar flat
ruffian. February 16, 1S9S, she came to his
room at 30 Post street, accompanied by
h*r son. and horsewhipped the plaintiff:
alco called him the lowest cur and coward
that ever breathed. Later she caught him
at dinner and threw a plate of mush and
milk on his hair. When they were living
at the Grand Hotel, Berkshire and other
hostelrles he says she constantly an
noyed him, threatened to kill and maim
him, and unless restrained he declares she
will carry out her intentions.
In her answer Mrs. Smith sets up a gen
eral denial to all allegations made by her
husband, and quotes a letter in which she
says that she would protect his name
with her heart's blood, for his good name
meant her good name, which was all in
the world to her.
The case will go on on Tuesday morn
ing.
>M"I-I"H"W"H-l"l"l"!"I"H"M'»H-l"H-»
BERGIN'S RESIDENCE
GUTTED BY TWO FIRES
Blind and Defective Flue Causes
Damage to the Attorney's
House and Contents.
Presidio* Heights residents had two
chances last evening to turn out to a fire.
Shortly after 5 o'clock flames were dis
covered In the residence of Thomas I. Ber
gin. 2012 Jackson streA, one of the earliest
and most pretentious residences erected In
that section of the city. After a long flght
the fire was apparently subdued. Shortly
after the engines were called off a second
alarm from the same box was rung in.
The firemen had a long and hard battle
this time to conquer the flames, for they
seemed to come from a blind flue in the
walls. The source was finally traced to a
heater In the basement. The fire burned
its way through the walls, and together
with the water used played sad havoc
with the furniture and other elegant be
longings.
The damage cannot be estimated in dol
lars and cents, as Attorney Bergin had a
valuable collection of books and bric-a
brac which he had been gathering for
years, some of which cannot be replaced.
All of the morning session yesterday of
the convention of the League of Califor
nia Municipalities was devoted to a dis
cussion of street improvement laws. Gov
ernor Gage was unable to be present to
deliver an address and telegraphed his
regrets.
The discussion was based on a report of
the special committee appointed a year
ago to draft a street Improvement law
which might be submitted to the Legisla
ture in case the Vrooman act should be
declared unconstitutional. This report,
covering eleven typewritten pages and.
giving both sides of the questions at issue,
was Hied by Joseph Hutchlnson. president
of the Board of Trustees of Palo Alto,
who was chairman of the committee.
Mr. Hutchinsota explained the difficul
ties under which the committee labored
and the discouraging effect produced by
the Supreme Court decision coming in the
midst of the committee's deliberations in
the case of Byrne vs. Drain, that charters
supersede general laws, and in the case of
Hadley vs. Dague. in which the decision
takes the apparently paradoxical position
that the Vrooman act is constitutional in
principle, but that in its application in
any given case it may be unconstitutional.
"*As a result of this decision." said Mr.
Hutchlnson, "litigation is invited rather
than quieted. However, the Vroomon act
is not safe until the United States Su
preme Court has passed upon it, and our
attempt has been to draft a measure
which may be passed by the Legislature
as a concurrent act, its plan to be fol
lowed upon choice of municipalities so de
siring. In such event the State will not
be left without a street improvement law
should the Vrooman act finally be de
clared unconstitutional."
The report states the committee's inten
tion as follow*:
The proposed draft contains a clause to the
effect that the Vrooman act «hall remain In full
force and effect, and that the proposed new
law shall provide only an alternative or con
current scheme for street improvements. Mu
nicipal corporations affected by the act. which
would probably Include all corporations organ
lzetl under thf municipal Incorporations act of
1SS3 and its amendments, also the cities of San
ta Harbara, Sacramento, Eureka, porsibly
Napa as to some matters, and possibly Stock
ton. Ban Dieco and Ix>s Angeles, but would cer
tainly exclude San Francisco. Vallejo and all
other cities whose .charters contain valid pro
visions for a complete »ystrm-of street im
provements, could, if the act became a law,
take their choice as to proceedings for street
Improvements. If they prefer the Vrooman act
they can operate under It. If they preferthe new
act, they can operate under that. And the
operations under the new t:t would put in
motion a new set of experiments which would
undoubtedly be valuable. And if the Supreme
Court of the I'nited States should ultimately
hold the Vrooman act unconstitutional, we will
have in California already In operation an act
to take its place. If, on the other hand, the
Supreme Court of the United States should for
instance. Just after the adjournment of the
next Legislature of the State of California.
de«-lde the Vrooman act to be unconstitutional,
the State will be substantially without any
street law for two years, unless a special ses
sion of the Legislature is called, unless some
such act as this Is passed by the next Legis
lature.
The principal objections to the Vrooman
act are stated as follows in the report:
First— The power lodged in a majority of the
frontage affected by proposed Improvements of
certain classes to atay -all proceedings Indefi
nitely by a protest tends to. put a complete stop
to all work of those classes.
Second— The fact that contractors bidding on
street work cannot bid on a cash basis, and
always have to face the question of litigation
to collect their bills, tends to Increase the price
of all street improvements about 33 1-3 per cent
beyond the price for which the same work
could bo done by private contract. In the
agKregate, this means enormous loss to the
public.
The committee proposes to afford relief
in the new law by a plan of confirmatory
proceeding by which the legality of street
improvemnt measures will be passed upon
in advance by the courts. At the same
time the power of a majority of the front
age to stay all proceedings by a protest
Is taken away and the right of property
owners to appear in court and challenge
the confirmatory proceedings Is substi
tuted. The second objection is met in the
proposed law by a provision analogous to
the rule now in force with regard to the
construction of public works under bond
Issues, which forbids the letting of any
contract until the bonds are sold and the
money Is in the treasury. Under decree of
court the assessment iff to be levied and
the money collected and placed In a spe
cial fund "before the street contract is let.
It is admitted by the committee that there
are grave objections to tnis plan, the tax
payer preferring generally to keep the
money in his pocket until the work is
done, even If as a result the Improvement
cost him a third more.
In drafting the proposed law the com
mittee followed suggestions obtained from
the laws of Illinois and Iowa.
After a prolonged discussion the con
vention adopted the following resolution:
Resolved, That a vote of thanks be extended
to the committee appointed to draft a new
street law for their laborious task; and
Resolved, That the same committee bo con
tinued, with instructions to communicate with
the various legislative bodies who are mem
bers of this organization, with the request that
within two weeks they report to the commit
tee, statlnR their objections and proposed
amendments to the law In its present shape.
The committee 6hall take the reports and by
giving the cities of larger population the
greater consideration, shall draft and have pre
sented to the comlnfr Legislature the result of
the inquiries in the shape of a concurrent street
law.
The report of the committee of legisla
tion was presented by Senator E. K. Tay
lor. City Attorney of .Alameda, at the be
ginninpr of the afternoon session. Among
Its recommendations were the following:
It appeare that cities of the sixth class have
no authority to establish fire limits. It would
bo well to amend the charter for such cities
by providing euch power.
We would also BUg-gest the propriety of
amending the municipal elections acts by giv
ing the board of trustees and councils author
ity to reduce the number of election officers.
Eight officers of election In each precinct are
hardly necessary In municipal elections and are
a source of considerable expense. It might also
Measure to Be Concurrent With the
Vrooman Street Improvement
Act Heported by a Special
Committee.
League of California Muni
cipalities Consider
Legislation.
CITY OFFICIALS
AT WORK UPON
PROPOSED LAWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1900.
Reads "Witli Dramatic Effect Some IDesorrp
t,r\re Letters Her iH/u-sToetncI Offers as Evi
dence of tlie Oriielties He Had. to Endure.
MRS. JOSEPHINE SMITH, THE DEFENDANT
IN A DIVORCE SUIT, BLOSSOMS OUT AS A
LAWYER TO PROTECT HER INTERESTS
Case.
5
11 . " ' • , II.
"TOE NEW WEST"
MAGNIFICENTLY ILLUSTRATED IN •
CHRISTMAS WASP.
The Philippines, China, Alaska, Hawaii
and the entire Pacific Coast are drawn
upon to furnish illustrations for this unri-
Tiled edition.
This annual number of tht Wasp has
never been equaled in the attractiveness of
. its cover and the number and interest of
the engravings^
SEND IT TO YOUR FRIENDS.
On sale at all news stands to-rnorrow, Saturday.
PRICE 25 CENTS.
.',...¦ . . ,. II
ADVEETISEMENTS.
MUSCLE _ANDJ? 0T FAT.
Wkat Thin People Need to Bound Off
the Corners.
What thin folks need is flesh or muscle,
r.ot fit-
To be Eymmetrlca.1 and properly propor-
tioned every person should have a cerraln
tiaount of excess fiesh, but to be plump
coes not necessarily mean to be fat.
Fat is undesirable; it clogs and retards
the action of the muscles, interferes with
the healthy action of the heart and lungs
and when very excessive, predisposes loo
tatty degeneration of vital organs, to say
nothing of the discomfort resulting from
too much adipose tissue.
Common stnse would suggest that if one
wishes to become fleshy a.nd plump the
thir.g moet needed would be flesh forming
food— that i5. albuminous foods like eggs,
k*r»?f, oatmfal, etc.
Tne kinds of food which malce flesh axe
the foods we have on our tables every
day; but the trouble is that our stomachs
fiom weakness or derangement of some
kind do not promptly and properly digest
it.
Really, the principal reason so many peo-
ple remain thin Is because their stomachs
So not properly and completely digest and
CFFim'.late the fleph forming beefsteak and
» p;--s we eat every day.
There are thousands of such people, and
they are really dyspeptics, although they
may net suffer any particular pain or in-
convenience from their stomachs.
If EUCb persons and all thin people
would lake- after their meals some simple
and natur.il digestive, like Stuart's Dys-
t^-psia TabMfc. the food would be quickly
ciRested and the proper degree of p!ump-
pea* vtry socn result because these tab-
lets are prepared exact'y for that purpose.
They dipef=t every variety of flesh forming
food, which is the real reason why they
«> quickly build up and strengthen thin,
«lyppeptic men and women.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets cure every
f >rm of indigestion on this common-sense
plan, that they thoroughly digest the food
promptly, piving strength to every nerve
«r:d orcan in the body, and the weakened
rtomach a chance to rest and recover Its
natural vigor. Nothing further Is required
to cvte any stomach trouble, except can-
c<r of th«? stomach. They make thin, dys-
prrtic people strong:, plump and well.
This excellent preparation it sold at 50c
for full-Elsed treatment by all drupeisls
in T'nited States, Canada and Great
Britain.
IrKLICATE ENTREES|
\ and delicious sauce* easily made by J|
* using ¦ littte A&\
W COMPANY'S EXTRACT of Ziz\ M
" DRMCNULTY.."
Tins wrxL-iTNOvrjr ajtd RKMAbleold
t *ip«~ia!ist cur/* Bti*xiroiiwn.«onorrbo?a.UI«*£
f\T\rlaTf. K»-nil:ial Weakness. Impotenceand tn«r
•Jlied l>i»nrdem. Hook on Diseases of Men, frre.
OTprtXiyoarsVxpepi-rjce. Terras reasonable. 11 ours,
Ho3(!a!iy:6:30t..C.3Der'zs. SondRTS.IOto 12. Cnnsul-
taUon free and sacredly confidential- Call or address
P. HOKCOE MrXCLTlT, M.D.
20}; Kearny tit m San Francisco, CaL
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OB* THE
Fireman's Fund
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OF S.VN FRANCISCO. IX THE STATE OF
California, on the 31at day of Decernber,
A. D. 1S99. and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Politi-
cal Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAI*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash M.000,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $431,700 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 422,731 79
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1113,049 CO
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 153,000 00
Cash In Company's Office 13,313 13
Cash In Banks 133.930 33
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,170 13
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 15.C83 44
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion .*. »4.«24 <n
Warrants 1.434 20
EHie from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid... 7,137 «
Total Assets J3. 737.5X2 83
IA ABILITIES. ~ ~
Losses adjusted and unpaia I30.CZ3 43
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 137.SS4 72
Losses resisted. Including: expenses... 3,775 00
Groos premiums on Fire Risks run- •
nlnsr one year or less. J:vfi3.l34 44; re-
Insurance 50 per cent 454,577 22
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,386.-
028 81; reinsurance pro rata 719.08130
Gross premiums on Marine T!m«
Risks, J : reinsurance 50 per
cent 113.1*4 «7
Total Liabilities J1.4SS.50S 3S
INCOME. ~ — —
Xet cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,413,523 00
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 333.607 C4
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortsajres ..., 21.24130
Received for interest and dividend*
on Bonds. Stocks, Leans, ar.d from
all other sources 11S.1."* (O
Received for Renta 23.857 S3
Received for profit on sale of securi-
ties 1.263 00
Total Income S1.97S.24S 2S
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Xet amount paid for Fire Losses' (in-
cluding $ losses of previous
years* $334.373 63
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including J.. losses of pre-
vious years 357.833 48
Dividends to Stockholders 120,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 239.406 3S
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
chnrpes for officers, clerks, etc 226.437 40
Paid for Stat?, National and Local
Taxes 17.778 40
All other payments and expendi-
tures 206.183 83
Total Expenditures S2.040.S33 37
~ Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year SS57.27S 33
Marine.
Losses. Incurred during the year $373.027 10
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $163,974,834 $1.: S3, 409 TO
Xet amount of Risks
expired during the
year S15S.198.165 S1.8S3.473 43
Net amount in force
December 31. 1S39 $137,271,067 $2,355.13123
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $107,231,153 $835,73« 31
Xet amount of Rinks
expired during the
year $108,051,294 JS22.530 60
Jfet amount In fore*
December 31. 1S33 $3,868,808 $181.513 22
WM. J. DUTTOX. Prest. ~
BERNARD FATMONVILLE. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 15th
flay of January, 1300.
M. IT. RHORER.
Deputy Insurance Commissioner.
(C i)
\Saty3S0 MARKET ST. SI. *&r
¦ ¦ M ¦ tffe Laflln & Rand Waterproof
ffl ! GA d C" Smokeless Powder, in bul*
III ml V un.l loaded in shells. Send
flU !lBsr\ 'or cataic.rfue of sporttr*
LJUrlvW *rwl* GEO. W. SHREVE.
¦* ¦ 739 Market street.
t\ 1 PP nOlfll Corner Fourth and
C1FE ROYAL «^
Will U •IWllH- 5c . overcoats and
. valise* checked fre«u
THE EMPOBITJM. : -:; | ¦ EMPORIUM. j I ? E _ EMP0BIUlg -
¦k* t* # BS^fi Enl QSi t^^ Jt^Sh ¦¦ iff* • j sjy £ TT *> • "% !%
I Evening P^© o s rf « n ffc sa a©ttaza.»s-,?' ? i nm ;i
*' NOW. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE AUKIS* J
J — : : = — 9
| Only Nine More Buying Days 1
g Before Christmas — not much time to stop and think — days are flying \
j . and so are goods. But we «till haye the largest and most complete, as- J
jf sottrr.ent of Christmas presents in the West. If you don't know what to give, what can help you %
X better than seeing the thousand and one Holiday things here in the big store ? {J
% - — : ' : £
I' (IA TV»t1s\yi n«orcpr $9 95 inshad of $12.50 and $13.50 for an C- M^U^ ri/ < Tn^lrntr CA $
$ $£,[) 1 aiior Dresses, i«. t «- ne w, nnc Jn j smoking Jackets jo. *
t£ cut Die;s Skirts, black only, in silk, pebble _, . . S
•• C12 Cfk cheviot and broadcloth, trimmed and plain, Ih: ' Ian(l " &%*& jf
{• jUtJ.JU. all the n-west flarJig ityle t full hi^-to-d'r S T ° m . e U$ , C M *
g " and to morrow only ¦ CO QC fr /nexceTcft f-'ij £
Ajsortsdlotof f 20 Tailor T' t ' 1 ' a'.l-wool dcu- ," iflV-/^</ *^
tf j$Hk Drertes (just like pic- $1.98 instead of $2.50, $2.75 and $3.00 ble-faced clcth, y&aCC&fcs. *
*•' ture )' in Ian aU " for an a- sorted lot of mercerized, near silk, the coUar, cufli '2
K g*^r wool covert and scv- Sitcrn Undrrskiiti, in black and all colors — and pocket /*V t il*** Hp> 1& \ "?
£ * TC*O eral other fine new to-day and to-morrcv, only.. &-t QQ showing re- /w/i&'raKal Fwl\\\\V *
£ !*^L ityk!} all ire tU wool versed side. MWOS, 'WA '2
* A o 4 \ and belt Ck ' hf ' aU C01 ' $ 8 -4 5 insttad cf $l2 - 5() for a jUk - linel Mack - Theyare bound l'l'if, ! W^a » «S\S\\ *
X / A ° J \ ore and all sizes; rrgu- into-h, raw and b'ack, double-breasted cape, with either » : lk H.^fi-^Qfew I "*
*T (\\IJ<.v\ lad> * Z ° — to - lijv p-arl buttons and velvet collar, all si/ej— cord or satin in y. %*pftcb vl^f*^ %
'tf an i to-morrcu, on'.y to-day and to-nurrczc, on'y tf Q I. C and have h-ary WABwSjffl P V#$ J*
2 I iH tfi^ ca ••••'• ' i|J0.4j silk corj loops, V^Jujiiiisj Jey^aj/ •;
$ M IV $995 instead of $12.50 HolldQV GrOCCFICS Sj-toitSl I i\ S
/\\ V %\ and $15 for another , * . _ . , . from— the big }'|l // / / \J •$
K /f\ \ V\ very Jarge lot of fine At drpa.tme.it store pr:c«. Order through ttore - s Holiday \M/l I I j $
X I ll\ \ IA new silk-lined Jacket,, d rect grocery telephone-South 59 -.f you prke> T / /I / 5
* I %® \jT »» of the fin, st cloths cannot come m person. I // ' '«
K mJA^T low collars double and Gocd Seeded Rasms—lb packages 10c H*^»^v .
it aiXM^^ r £ffi£«£ an Heta*- Mince Meat-tb 5c A very large variety of new and s
£ sizes; colors and black; regularly $12.50 and ™" » A-jple ButUr-R,^ 5c exclusive patterns W Smoking Jack- %
I U r to- d vana>to.morro W , *$ .95 C^^ce^|p|i^ <* <* t 7 . 5 O, $10.00 art *12.,O. *
j^ ' package IOc "5
K $2.75 instead cf $3.75 and $4-00 for French Condensed Mince Meat— Libby's; 3 packages Ifinliflfi V I iflUfU*^ £
% Flannel Waists-lined throughout, perfectly 25c HUUUUJT luU\ VU1 .>. £
tf made, s-veral extra fine s-ylfs, all the best Popcorn— New Rice Popcorn; lb 5c Brandy— Good quality; quart 75c ?§
«C s^iad-s an! all sizes— to-day CO *7C BIack Fi S«— Ncw crop; lb 4C Har P cr>s Whiskey— Rye or Bourbon; bottle Jj
X and t -morrow, only Ji£.lD White Adriatic Figi— lb package 10c $1.00. J
J " Mixed Nuts— New, bet quality, Ib...... 18c Champion Whiskey— Full quarts $1.00 £
H $3.45 insiead of $5.00 for a sp'endid heavy Walnuts - Sof: shelled; lb 15c Kentucky B*l!e Bourbon— Per bottle 75c J
ti Rainy-Day Skirt, mixed gra»- and blue, well F ar <J Dates - For stuffing; lb 12c Port or Sherry — Good quality; gallon. .. .75c *<g
Sf made and stiuh-d — to-day an J C^ .1. C Plum Pudding — Gordon & Dillworth's; tin.22c j Port or Srurry — Very choice; gallon.. .I.fl.50 *«j
£ to-morrcrx, only *PtV»X*^ Cranbirries— Cape Cod; 2 quart3 25c j Claret— A No. 1 quality; gallon $1.00 }€
i . ¦ 5
$ Everything under one rool — that is what makes this the ideal shopping place. 5
5? Afirst-clas> .inch d!ic\ LideV Ptrtors, Livatories and manv other conveniences. £
K The least crowded shopping hours just at present are from 8 to 1 1 a. m. and 7 to 9 p. m. j»
***"* W*WA"A W* 'A .fl.tf.a.fiVr*^^^
TURKISH AND PERSIAN
FINEST COLLECTION EVER SEEN !
AT GREAT REDUCTION BEFORE
REMOVAL !
PRICES 10 to 20 PER CENT LESS
THAN ANYTVHERE ELSE
OK NO SALE.
COR. GEARY AND STOCKTON
M. B. MIHRAN.
f^$MSk bottle LUntS
/ MCBURNEY'S
fI*^Kidney a^S'RE f
*^y T A thorough cure tor
£ pains in the back,
J , BRIGHT'S DISEASE.
2-1 r /^ female trouble*, ineon-
j of urine, brick dnst deposits, bed-
wetting of children, gravel, gall stones,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism.
FOR SALE AT
DAHLBENDER DRUG CO.. 214 Kearny St..
AND AT
THE OWX. DRUG CO.. 1123 Market st.
Send 2r»c In 2c stamps to W. F. McBurney.
41S S. Sprlnsr St.. Los Ansreles. Cal.. for 5
days' treatment. Prepaid Jl 50. Drujcelsts.
DR. MEYERS &C0
Specialists. Disease qgg|^* tJu
and weakness of gjSfl
men. Established M 4=^^^^^\
MAX. Consultation Win 'x3&&\ES
and private book \%i - \ /_\
Irre. at ofllce or by I £ffi&!i
mall. Cures guar- fKlM.
an teed. 7:J1 Mar- NShC*v'<w8
Let street ielevator i/ V "**^5fia*tf2'
entrance). S a a .^Y\ flv?8£^aiL
D1JTT.CLII7Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
£>XlU OXLJUjO ers. bootblacks, bath-
house*, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyer?, flourmil's. foundries, laundries, par*»r-
I hRngrers. printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
I blomen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUC..A>A.N URU.1..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
IA/. X. HESS,
KCTART PU3uI3 AS3 ATT0KNEr.Ar-r.A7.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bids?.
Telephone Brown 0S1.
Residence, S21 California at., below Powell,
San Francisco.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawjer.
103 California st.. Clanie bulldln*.
COAL, COKE AMD PIQ IROX."
If U'H SON & fft 90 ° Battery Street.
J-L nlLaUIl a WU-. Telephone Main 1OT4.
COPPBRSM1TH.
CW CMITH Ship Plumbing. Steamboat and
IT* dilll Uli Ship Work a specialty. It and
IS Washington at Telephone Main £641.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS,
f-'i- ¦ Electrical Engineer. S« East st.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IAC RflVFC * ffl Shipping Butchers. 104
JAj- DUlEattUJ- Clay. Tel. Main 1234.
QALVANIZINO AND METALS.
M'f*. A Dealer In Metals A Galvanizing. JOHN
FIXN METAL WORKS. SIS Howard «t
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEOSARP & ELLIS.
41S Front st.-. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PAINTS.
Crllnder Sc Lubricating Oils. Schneider's Mining
Candlea. C. O. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. 8. F.
PRINTING.
F f HIIfiHFS PRINTER.
C- \s- mJUIlLJi mi Sansome St.. 3. F.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
• a First st.. San Francisco-
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tc '£dff' c PARTRIDGE 8W ££r u
WHITE ASH STEM COAL. «J« '«,&
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO,, at Its GREEN.
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal In to*
market. Office and Yards— 4.0 Main itrett.ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The people of Oakland have defeated all of the pro
posed amendments to the town's charter. Perhaps the
voters took both bitter, political factions at their word
and refused to hazard the danger of giving either
more power.
It would be wise for the people of Oakland, to end
their contest with the Contra Costa Water Company
before the corporation owns the town. The value of
the company is increasing, by expert. testimony, with
mushroom growth every day.
Local civil service teform appears to be one of
those institutions by which under cover of law you
can punish your enemies. Mayor Phelan says he in
tends to punish the Auditor for alleged contempt of
civil service by crippling his office.
The appeal which will be made at the approaching
session of the Legislature for measures to protect the
forests of the State will have one tremendous recom
mendation — it will involve neither the expenditure of
I'ublic money nor the appointment of useless office
holders.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Dec. 13.— Mrs. F.
P." Church of California is at tho Ebitt,
Henry Clay Thackery of California is at
the Arlington. Mr. and Mrs. Charles R.
Allen. Miss Gertrude Allen and John A.
Benson of San Francisco are at the
Shoreham, H. I,. Van Wyck and family
and AV. P. Dunham of L03 Angeles and
A. Schilling and Purcell Rowe of San
Francisco are a.t the Raleigh. G. H. An
derson, N. C. Hale, H. Heckman and wife
and Miss Scheir of San Jose are at the
St. James. Hon. R. J. -Waters of Los An
eeles'and \V. L. Heise and E. S. Tharp
of San Francisco are at the National.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
The total arms-bearing population of
Europe is about 33.000,000 men.
It is to be borne in mind, moreover, that the in
crease in numbers has been accompanied by a dc-
j \A ANIFOLD and important as are t>e measures
/ \ before Congress at this session, it is to be
* * hoped time will be found to devise and enact
an immigration restriction bill which will adequately
j protect the country from undesirable immigrants.
| The passage of such n bill may be regarded as one of
urgency, for if it be not enacted this winter we can
hardly expect the enactment for a year to come, and
in that time we may suffer much injury from the lack
of it.
Reports from the East are to the effect that im
migrants are flocking into the country in large num
bers. It is said the steerage of vessels coming across
the Atlantic is crowded with passengers, and the offi
cials charged with the duty of scrutinizing the new
comers are almost overwhelmed with work. The ar
rivals are in excess of the aggregate for many a sea
son, and there is every reason to believe there will be
an enormous influx next spring unless something be
done to check it. »
For the fiscal year ending June 30, 1000, the num
ber of immigrants amounted to 520,000; in 1899 they
numbered 341,000; for 1898, 229,000; for 1897, 230,000;
for 1896, 343.000; for 1895, 279,000. It will be seen
that the increase during the past fiscal year over the
arrivals of the previous years was very large. This
year will show an even greater increase. It appears
that immigration is approaching the great magnitude
ir reached during the industrial boom of 1882, when
the total number of foreigners who came to the coun
try to profit by high wages exceeded 788,000.
IMMIGRATION RESTRICTION.
Ladles and children traveling without mcitt
appreciate the advantage of a solid vestibule.l
train like '"The Overland Lim'.teJ." runr-lnsr
through from San Francisco to Chicago, with
out change. IN LEP3 THAN THREE DATS.
Leaving San Francisco dally at 10 a. m.. rta
Ctntral Pacific. Union FaclSc and Cblcago and
Northwestern railway?.
For All Time to Come.
It Is the Route To-Day, and Will B3
IT WAS THE ROUTE HI 491
An enraged man tears hla hair: an en
raged woman tears her husband's hair.
-Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Prpss Clipping Bureau (Allen's^. 510 Mont
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 60c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes cr Jap. bas~
keta. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building.*
TCow Is the time to send TownaeriiS's
California fruits to your Eastern friends.*
Ex. strong hoarhour-.d candy. TowT.ser.d's*
Such a petition merits the support of the Legisla
ture, of Boards of Trade, industrial associations and
all other organizations that arc charged with the
duty of promoting the welfare of the people. At this
juncture there is hardly any problem more vital to
Cilifornia than that of preserving her woods and con
serving her flood waters. It is, moreover, a problem
demanding an immediate solution. Every year the
State suffers a lo?s of many thousands of dollars by
the waste of her forests, and the loss throughout the
nation runs up to many millions annually. We are
barbarians so far as forestry is concerned, and jt is
high time for us to act like civilized people.
Among the ladies of the State who have turned thtr.r
attention to this issue are those who compose "the
California Club." From a circular recently issued it
appears the c!ub intends to make a resolute effort to
induce Congress to take action toward forest preser
vation without further delay. The circular calls for
signatures to a petition which, after setting forth the
benents to result irom a proper care of our forests
and the evils resulting from negligence, goes on to
Bay: "In view of these incontestable facts the Cali
fornia Club beseeches the United States Government
on behalf of her own interests to make an appropria
tion of money to be expended in the accomplishment
of the objects named in the above preamble, and the
club urges on all citizens, all organizations and legis
lators, both State and national, to join in commend
ing an'd furthering this course of action."
T~) V all who have "an intelligent interest in th?
\ problems of forest preservation in this State
there will be felt no little gratification in the
efficient help given to the campaign of education on
the subject b\' the ladies. Woman's work is always
potent, and this is an issue to which she may well di
rect her influence and her energies. It is not going
to be an easy task to procure the establishment and
the maintenance of a comprehensive and scientific
systeia ot forest preservation by either the State or
the ration, and consc-qucr.tlv the assistance of every
strong and earnest any m the work will be hailed with
. , .
THE LADIES AND Tri^ FORESTS.
Choice candles. Townsend's.Palace Hotel.*
Th8 Artist— D!d I ever ehav» you before,
sir?
The Victim — Yes, once.
The Artist— I don't remember your fac-.
The Victim— No. I suppose not. It's all
healed up now.— Chicago New?.
McJigger— He's pretty well posted ia so
cial institutions. Isn't he?
Thingumbob— Yes. I believs he's postod
for non-payment of dues at all hi3 clubs,
if that's what you mean. — Philadelphia
Press.
"Oh. yes: every woman there was work
ing on a new pattern of Battenber^lace."
—Indianapolis Journel.
"Did you have an interesting literary
club meeting. Alice?"
Nodd— How do you like your country
home?
Todd— It's a great place. The only draw
back Is that I can't sell It.— Harper's Ba
zar.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
same name in a locality, and in order to
a\old confusions parties adopt a middle
" a o rne " r initial to distinguish one from
'J« oth «' In California a man cannot
change his family name without due pro
cess of law. v
NEW YORK DIRECTORY- Subscriber.
City. Directories of the city of New York
?i re T°n_ flle ln the San Francisco Free Pub-
U c Llbr ary and in the office of the San
i rancisco Directory.
COLONIAL DAMES— F.. Oakland, Cal.
"The Colonial Dames of America," ln
California, is the name of a society in this
State, of which Mrs. S. Wright is the
chairman. It is incorporated and has no
branches.
COLORED PLATES— TV. H. \v\. Sacra
mento. Cal. Thi3 correspondent wishes to
know where he can obtain a copy of the
World's Fair colored plates from water
colors from the originals of Charles Gra
ham. Can Any of the readers of this de
partment furnish the information?
RIFLES-S. S.. Turlock, Cal. The Krag-
Jorgenson rifle was invented by Captain
O. Krag, director of the royal smallarms
factory at Kongster, Norway, and E. Jor
genson, armorer at the same place. The
riile is ln use by the armies of the United
States, Denmark. Norway and Turkey.
The German army is armed with the
Mannlicher rifle, as are also the armies
of Austria, Brazil. Chile, Greece, Holland.
Peru and Roumania.
GREAT BRITAIN'S REVENUE— S. S..
Turlock. Cal. Great Britain does not de
rive any revenue by taxation from her
colonies. The national income is derived
from excise, customs, property and in
come tax, estate duty, the postofflce and
ptamps. Excise and customs account for
nearly one-half of the total amount re
ceived. The contribution from the post
ofllce swells, the amount to almost three
fifths of the whole. The majority of the
national income is derived from voluntary
contribution and indirect taxation. Pav
ing for the services of the postofflce de
partment is classed as voluntary contri
bution, for the people are not forced to
use it.
MUST PERFORM MILITARY DUTY—
A Reader, Porterville. Cal. If a German
left his native country at the age of 19
without having performed military duty
and he subsequently receives notice that
because of non-appearance to perform
that duty he was lined 150 marks and sen
tenced to three months' imprisonment if
he should return to his native country
the fact that he has been an American
citizen would not save him from the pen
alty .imposed and the performance of mili
tary duty. The United States does not
protect an adopted citizen in the matter
of an obligation he owes to his native
country which was incurred before he be
came a citizen of the United States.
DAUGHTERS OF THE REVOLUTION
— F., Oakland, Cal There is no such body
as "a State organization of the Daugh
ters of the American Revolution." Each
member joins the national society direct
That is the only point of difference be
tween the Daughters of the American
Revolution and the Daughters of the
Revolution. The latter have State organ
izations, subject to a national bodv
There is no society of the Daughters of
the Revolution in California. The chap
ters of the Daughters of the Arnericitn
Revolution in this State are Sequoia
Puerto del Oro and California in San ;
Francisco; Eschscholtzia in Loa Angeles
Santa^sabel in San Jose and Oakland in
LYNCHING A WOMAN-The answer
that was given some time since relative
to the lynching of a woman in Downle
yllle .in 1851. was based on information
found in a work on the early days of the
Pfjg C : M - Pik « of Oakland, who writes
to this department that he was an eye
witness of the hanging, gives tne follow
ing account of It. -The crime for which
the woman was lynched took place | n w
own cabin on Jersey flat, just across Vhl
Yuba river. Her husband was n™ inter
ested in a saloon, but was a hard-worlw
miner, and what she was lyncherWor w^s
for protecting her honor against the a^
sault of a drunken bully named Cannon
He assaulted her in the evening of t hi ?tK
of July. 1S5L She repulsed him and h
went away. He returned ft {™ w an h d ft ,. h «
later, filled up with more whhkT wm?S
in the door of the. cabin and repeated E
assault, when the woman stabhTrt ht£
with a stiletto. She was taken bv a mlS
t?wg£» next day hange1i ' "« i&SS
PERSONAL MENTION .
Jo D. Sproul of ,Chlco is at the Grand.
Dr. K. Hopmann of Honolulu is at the
Occidental.
'•\V. D. Tillotson, a Redding attorney, is
at the Grand.
Julius L. Haas, a prominent Portland
merchant, is at the L.ick.
J. A. Chanslor, a successful Los Angeles
oil man, is at the Palace.
Benjamin Grauss, Chief of Police at
Calistoga, is at the Russ.
Ernest T. Tamm, a Ix>s Gatos wine man,
is at tho California. '
U. S. G. Hough, a Los Angeles railroad
man, is registered at the Palace.
T. "W. Mather, a prominent Napa mer
chant, is registered at the California.
George "\V. Heintz, general passenger
agent of the Rio Grande at Salt Lake
City, Is in town.
J. B. Lippincott. S. G. Bennett and J. F.
Danforth of the United States Geological
Survey are at the Palace.
B. Campbell, a prominent Portland rail
road man, accompanied by his wife, ar
rived at the Palace yesterday.
H. J. Parker, a first lieutenant in the
Forty-eighth Regiment and who has just
returned from Manila, is at the Russ.
W. P. Lynch and J. Ross Jr., mining
men from "oroville and Sutter Creek re
spectively, are registered at the Lick.
Professor T. S. C. Lowe, founder of the
Mount Lowe Observatory, registered from
Pasadena at the California yesterday,
J. J. Hebbron, superintendent of the
Pacific Improvement Company's ranches
at'Salinas, is at the Grand for a few days.
S. H. Babcock. traffic manager of the
Rio Grande Western Railway, with head
quarters at Salt Lake City, is at the Pal
ace.
General I. S. CatHn, who has Just been
ordered to Manila, is at the Occidental
with his wife and they will go to the
Philippines on the next transport.
George A. Bluhm, a wealthy Chicago
bookmaker, and his family arrived at the
Occidental last night. They will spend
the winter. at this popular hostelry.
S. S. Lyon, United States Consul at
Kobe Japan, accompanied by. his wife
and child, arrived at the Palace last even
ing. They will spend several days in the
city.
Clio L. Lloyd, manager of the Morning
Press. Santa Barbara, arrived in the city
yesterday. Mr. Lloyd is one of the pro
gressive young Republicans of California.
As a member of the Republican State
Committee in 189S anl a*» secretary of the
Republican County Central Committee of
Santa Barbara in tho recent campaign he
took an active part in organizing the Re
publican forces of that county. Mr.
Lloyd is a candidate for the office of chief
clerk of the Assembly. •
. It may become necessary for the nations to enter
mm . mmrfi mm*f" r •s*mZm -¦
iipon a general policy of impounding anarchists within
the countries to which they belong, that each Govern
ment may police and watch its own contingent.
As far as known but one native American anarchist
has ever been known, and that was Parsons, hanged
for the Haymarket murders in Chicago.
We surely would be disquieted if in any other coun
try theec people were permitted to threaten and plan
the stealthy murder of the officers of this republic,
and we cannot expect any less anxiety abroad when
crimes sp^inst executives are approved by the same
clnss of people on our soil.
The President of the United States has nothing to
do with the administration of the local laws, which
regulate expression and publication. These laws dif
fer in different States, and we have never had a gen
eral interpretation of the limits of free speech. By
s. general principle the utterance of threats against life
ard property is not regarded as a proper and lawful
enjoyment of the liberty of speech. When these
threats are uttered against persons in another coun
tiy a cimcuhy appears in the way of their regulation
I." local \z\x. Such threats might involve the Federal
Government. For instance, ii public meetings were
licld in considerable numbers and in many parts of
this country in which threats were made, and ap
plauded, against the life of the President of France,
*7Ti the people doing 1 this claimed the right to peace
ably assemble and indulge such freedom of speech un
der the f.r.-t amendment to the Federal constitution,
t! ere is no doubt Lut a Federal question would
be raided requiring an interpretation of that amend
ment, which would be called by anarchists interference
with the freedom of speech, for which Alexander Horr
fcnter.ced the President to death. The question is a
riitTicuit cr.e. The presence of Jarge numbers of for
eign anarchists in this country may well constitute a
xrennce that will some time require the attention of
cur people.
At a meeting held by them recently in New lork
City five hundred are said to have been present. It
was ostensibly held as a benefit for the family of
Bresci. the assassin of King Humbert. One of the
speakers, named Alexander Horr, approved of assas
sination, and said they would kill President McKinicy
"if he attempted to interfere with free speech."
SINCE the Haymarket affair in Chicago the an
archists ih this country have been rather quiet.
The assassination of the King of Italy seems.
however, to have inspired new activity among those
misguided people, and they are again asserting them-
Sclvcs, taking advantage of their peculiar interpreta
tion cf the laws of this country.
AN ANARCHIST THREAT.
' The prevailing sentiment among conservative Re
publicans, at any rate, is very well expressed by the
Baltimore American in saying: "This is not the time
to pass upon this question of Southern representation.
Causes are pending in the Federal courts testing'the
i legality of negro-disfranchisement, and when they shall
have been determined it will be time enough to think
about retaliation. Now the sections dwell together in
amity, and the relationship should not be disturbed.
So far as the matter of a general reapportionment is
concerned, we believe it may best be settled by raising
the basis so as to keep the House down to its present
number, and without changing the numerical repre
sentation now enjoyed by the several States."
It seems to be conceded no apportionment of the
kind proposed by Crumpacker could be enacted this
session. Congress will be too busy and the session
too short to undertake the passage of a measure that
would be fought by all sorts of tactics known to par
liamentary minorities. Therefore if there is to be any
determined effort made to restrict the representation
from the South, the fight will go over to the next Con
gress and there will be no apportionment at all this
winter. Such a result, however, is hardly expected,*
for as yet there has been no evidence of an inclination
on the part of the Republican press or Republican
leaders to force a fight on the issue.
NORTHERN STATES.
Inc. Dec.
Colorado 1 —
California 1 —
Connecticut 1 1 —
Illinois *s 2 —
Kansas — 1
Massachusetts 1 . —
Minnesota 2 —
Nebraska ; '. — . 1
New Jersey 2 —
New York 3 —
North Dakota 1 —
Pennsylvania 2 —
Washington 1' —
West Virginia 1 —
Total IS 2
Net gain 16
SOUTHERN STATES.
Arkansas 1 —
Florida * 1 —
Missouri .' 1 —
Texas 2 —
Louisiana — 2
Mississippi — 3
North Carolina — 4
South Carolina — 3
Virginia — /l
Total 5 13
Net loss '. 8
In the States not included in the tables there will
be no change from the present number of representa
tives. Under the present apportionment what are
known as ''Southern States" have 142 votes in the
Electoral College, while the remaining States have
305. Under the Crumpackcr bill the South would
have but 134 electoral votes, against 321 in the North
and West.
The issue is a perplexing one. The language of the
constitution apparently leaves no other course to b«
pursued than that of making the apportionment upon
the principle of the Crumpacker bill, and yet many
of the foremost authorities hold a different view. It
\i known that neither the President nor any emi
nent Republican leader in either House has favored
a reduction of representation from the South, vvhil*
many of the most influential papers of the country
have strongly opposed it.
WHILE it is not at all likely a change will be
made in the proportion of representation from
the Southern States should an apportionment
bill be enacted this winter, it is certain the question
will come up for debate. A bill has been already in
troduced by Crumpackcr. of Indiana which has for its
plain purpose the limitation of the number of repre
sentatives from the South in accordance with the
second section of the fourteenth amendment to the
constitution. The bill provides for increasing the
membership of the House from 357 to 365/ so that
under its terms the increase or decrease in members
of different States would be as follows:
THE CRUMPACKER BILL.
by means of a separate wire. At the samo
time it reverses {he motion of the warn
ing boat until the lever becomes again
disengaged. If. after tha boat has re
sumed the direction of the ehlp. its feeler
should once more run against an obstacle,
the whole operation is repeated. In ihe
meantime the ship would have ample
time to slow up or stop, thua avoiding a
collision. If two ships whose courses
cross one another should both be provid
ed with warning boats it is expected that
the forklike feelers of the one will catch
tho cable of the other and convey tho
signal to its respective ship. The warning
boats are only to be used in fog»ry
weather or at night, particularly in much
frequented sea highways.
OBECCHIONI, an Italian engineer,
has invented a contrivance for tha
prevention of collisions upon the
high seas. In its main feature
the invention consists of a small
boat constructed after the pattern of the
Whitehead torpedb, which is connecte.-l
with the ship by means of two cables an.l
precedes it at.-a distance of 400 to 500
meters. The warning boat is propelled by
electricity generated upon the ship and
conducted to the motor by means of tho
cables. At the front end of the waxnlnjj
boat there is a forklike feeler which, in
case^of contact with any solid obstacle,
engages by means of a lever an electric
alarm, which is communicated to the ship
FRIDAY ....DECEMBER 14, ijQQ
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address A'l Commur.ications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MAXACERii OFFICE ' Tr '' l *'* t }*J!'S^S^^-^^
J'IDLICATIO.1 OFFICE... 1»!nrk««t nnd Third. S. F.
Telephone l'rps« —01.
EDITOR! 41. ROOMS 217 tn 221 ji|rvrn»oa SI.
T«rlopl»€»n«« Prrn* 202.
Delivered by Carrier*. IK Ceni* P« W*fU.
Mn:cl*" «.'ojil«*". 5 Onl«.
Tr-rwnm by Mall, luclndine I'osfnKei
UaILT CAM. Or.cJudlrie Sun«iayV cr.e y<*ar JS.O
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), i mccthi ••"
DAILY CALL (!nc'.ui»nj: Si;r.day>. I months 1-69
r>AILT CALJ Ey fln c !e Month Kc
f.XDAT CALL. Or* Tf.r 1M
WEEKLY CALL, Or* T<^r 10 *
All po«!ina*trr« nrr nnlliorlfd to receive
• nlmrri niton*.
PLANS TO PREVENT
COLLISIONS AT SEA
Italian Genius Designs a Contrivance That Seems to
Solve the Problem. .
From this we may conclude that the kind of aca
demic freedom that is talked about is regarded as the
best for the other man's academy.
We are of opinion, too, that in a high sense the
same is true of a great university, and that President
Wheeler's practice at Berkeley is different from his
preaching to the editors. We are of the opinion that if
his engineering department should set up caricatures
of Mrs. Hearst's building plans and deride her taste
in architecture there would be vacancies. So, if the
art department of a newspaper girded at its editorial
policy the directing mind would direct a change in
that branch of the business.
If Dr. Wheeler would try running a newspaper on
the plan of his analogy with what he calls academic
freedom he would be involved in a confusion com
pared with which the labyrinth was a straight line.
The work of many minds goes into the harmonious
whole of each issue of a metropolitan newspaper, but
it is conformed to the one controlling wiH.
In like manner the New York Herald was the crea
ture of the will of the elder Bennett, and among the
modern press, in the newer cities, the Chicago
Tribune was the classroom in which Joseph Medill
ta.ught, and the Times was the school set up in Chi
cago by Wilbur F. Storey. The news in a paper is
made up of what men do, in their individual capacity
or in the aggregate as nations, and of what happens
tc men as a result of manifestation of the power of na
ture, in fires and famines, tempests and temblors.
This news should be given impartially and as fully
as is necessary to inform the reader. It should neither
he faked nor sophisticated. The newspaper manager
who changes or invents news is guilty of a serious
rroral forgery, for which the law should provide ade
quate punishment. The editorial page of a news
paper, its classroom, its pulpit, its blackboard, re
flects the policy, inculcates the principles and pro
motes the mission of the one mind that controls the
paper.
After him some time passed before another jour
nalistic philosopher appeared. It is true that Fenno,
:n New York Cit}*, and the old Telescope and Gazette
and Timepiece fitfully fulfilled the educating function
of the press, but a close examination does not con
vince that such was the master motive of Fenno and
those publications. But when Greeley appeared, with
the Tribune as his organ, there began the most won
derful education of the American people ever accom
plished by one newspaper. Yet it was the work oi
one man. the impression of a single will. When his
two disciples, Henry J. Raymond and Charles A.
Dana, left him and went, one to the Sun and the
other to found the New York Times, though they
became personal and business rivals of Greeley they
followed his method. As long as Raymond lived the
Times taught .editorially his belief of things and his
view of politics, and "the little villain," as Greeley
called him, never departed from that method to the
moment of his death on the doorstep of his office.
So it was with Dana. The Sun shone in the reflected
light of his intelligence and his malice until both were
quenched in death.
Benjamin Franklin was the first American journal
ist of that kind. He felt it his mission to impart
philosophy, thrift and economy to his countrymen,
and did it as the owner and editor of the Saturday
Evening Post.
But the most successful educators among American
newspapers have been those founded or controlled by
men who have felt the impulse of a mission in the
-.vorld, and have chosen to preach and teach it through
the columns of a newspaper.
Dr. Wheeler, in his address to the country editors,
?cemed to go searching for an analogy between the
newspaper and the college. In doing this he flouted
at the idea of one will controlling the policy of a paper
or a university, and spoke vaguely of the freedom,
academic and journalistic, necessary to the success and
usefulness of the press and the college. From the
newspaper side of it the analogy is unreal and im
possible. The newspaper has a double function — to
print the news, and influence public opinion by its edi
torial expression. In this latter office the press is an
educator, and therein the press takes rank with the
teacher.
THE last meeting of the California Editorial As
sociation was made interesting by the addresses
of the presidents of the two universities, Drs.
Jordan and Wheeler. Each gave his views about the
function of the press, and each was in his way interest
ing and instructive. The press has become a mighty
factor in our modern life and has come to deserve
study, as an institution, a force, that affects the actions
oi men, and to a degree influences the destiny of na
tions. Whenever anything appears in the world that
can influence the relations of men and of nations, it
becomes the subject of scientific investigation. The
press has reached that point. It does good and it
works evil. Like the old myth of the prince of the
powers of the air, it has benefits and harm to dis
pense, and they fall upon individuals and the com
munity.
The good and evil done by a newspaper depends
vpon the one will that guides and controls it and fixes
its policy. This will may in some cases be the aggre
gate mind of an editorial council, but, if so, the ag
gregation of views must be brought to unity. Or
the control may Ire one mind only. There can be no
newspaper success, nor influence, if the paper be lack
ing in this unity of control.
COLLEGES AND NEWSPAPERS.
Is Mince Pie Criminal?
TI19 keepers of the Massachusetts State
Prison have crossed hot mine* pies from
the bill of fire of that institution. The
murderers, forgers, looters, burglars »n°
others high In criminal society will no
longer feast on "pies such as mother used
to make." The presumption is that the
officers of the Massachusetts p«nal insti
tutions have discovered that criminal ten
dencies are developed by a diet of the
succulent dessert. The Cleveland Plain
Dealer, in a carefully considered comment
on this subject, asks pertinently: "If »
mince pie, especially a hot mince pie, is
bad for a criminal, what must its effects
be on an honost man?"—PHILADEL
PHIA INQUIRER.
Policeman and Hi3 Pistol.
Judge Biddle, in Ms charge to the Jury
in a rocent ca?e in which a policeman was
accused of assault and batt?ry with in
tent to kill. recited some very sound law
regarding the risht of policemen to shoot
persona whom they are trying to arrest
for trivial offenses. In the case on trial
the defendant claimed the shooting was
accidental, and on that plea the Jury ac
quitted him: but the Judge in his charge
told the Jury that a policeman had no
right to use a revolver except to defend
himself. He said that the policeman on
trial had no more ri«ht to shoot the prose
cutor, who -was trylnp to escape from ar
rest for cock tiKhtir.g. than he had to
shoot the Judge or a member of the Jury.
-PHILADELPHIA TIMES.
The West Point ScandaL
Colonel Mills argues that Bocz re
ceived no injuries because he did not Im
mediately tell tb.8 authorities all that had
happened to him, end that It would have
been Impossible anyway for the youns
man to have avoided the sick report. "He
made no complaint of ill-treatment," says
Colonel Mills. "Why, he was undar or
ders to do so if such treatment was ac
corded." What part can such orders play
in such surroundings? It is stated tfcat
the man who forced the mixture down
young Booz's throat Is part ectly well
known and that he is now one of the most
popular cadets at the academy. If what
has been told is true that young man
must be detached from the service and
made to bear his Just load cf obloquy.—
NEW YORK SUN.
There are reasons to believe 'that an In
vasion of England Is something more than
a dream of tho French nation. Forces
aggregating 150,000 men are kept In the
north of France within an hour of th«*
coast, although the official relations of
the two states are friendly enough.
While the British naval maneuvers were
going on In the summer it was noted that
President Loubet reviewed a formidable
fleet off the coast. Attention has been
called to the superiority in Europe or
French artillery and the ingenious and
extensive uses which have been made of
bicycles, motor cars, as well as the elab
orate experiments with submarine boata,
aerostats and other devices particularly
adapted for a war with a neighbor.— NEW
YORK MAIL AND EXPRESS.
A Neglected Opportunity.
"While the industrial advance of the
j South in the last few years has been won
derful, the people of thl3 section have
neglected some opportunities for material
development which are bo plain that they
should have been taken advantage of long
ago. One of these opportunities which
offers absolutely certain and largely prof
itable returns for intelligent investment
and direction is the business of canning
fruits and vegetables. We dare say that
the fruits and vegetables which were
wasted or left to rot in the South every
summer because of the overcrowded con
dition of the markets at that time if
canned would supply the entire demand
of the South for canned goods. As it 1?
we rarely see such goods with the label
of a Southern factory on them.—ATLAN
TA JOURNAL.
A Costly War. .
The present probability is that the cost
of the South African war wi'.l be at least
$309,000,000, or bo five times as creat as
any one supposed at the outset u would
be. Of course it may reach even higher
figures than this. There Is an utter im
possibility to make any estimate as to
the future ccst cf the conflict, for the
Boers in the field seem to bo in largo
numbers, and they have been meetinq:
with some successes recently, which may
go a long way toward giving them en
couragement to continue the fightin? in
the hope of tiring the British out and of
thus securing better terms than have been
offered them thus far. This is by far th»
costliest struggle, in money expenditure.
and also in life, which England has
waged since that in the Crimea forty-five
years ago.— ST. LOUIS GLOBE-DRMO-
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
There is of course no desire to shut out immigrants
who are fitted for citizenship and who will not tend
to degrade American labor. It would seem, therefore,
that the Lodge bill, providing an educational test,
would serve the purpose desired. It is high time that
popular demand should compel Congress to enact
that or some similar measure. There is, it is true,
a desire in all parts of this country for an increase of
population, but none wish it in the way it is now
coming.
common."
In a recent account of the immigration'at that port
the New York Post said: "In one day in May, for
example, 8000 immigrants were passed through the
Barge Office, and the^mmigration officials and other
attendants were not especially edified and encouraged
with the quality of the aliens with whom they had to
deal. The older employes recalled the days when the
majority of those who passed through their hands
were Irish, German, English or Scandinavian, and
found a striking cpntrast in the Italians, the Poles an i
the miscellaneous races of the Austro-Hungarian em
pire, which commanded the larger part of their atten
tion. They were also forced to recall that whereas
in the former days, an oriental— a Syrian, Armenian
.or Turk — was a curiosity, he had now /grown to be 1
rather familiar sight in the detention pen, and such
unaccustomed figures as Greeks. Magyars, Slovaks,
Croatians, Ruthenians. Montenegrins, Servians and
other strangers from the Balkan states were altog.ether
crease in the quality of the immigrants. The immi
gration officials report that when tested by ability to
read, by the amount of money in possession and by
nationality, the newcomers of to-day are inferior tu
those of past years. We are now receiving large
numbers of persons who can hardly be expected t&
understand American ideals of politics or labo% and
it is doubtful if they can ever be fitted for American
citizenship.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1900,
A GAY SEASON is promised at Hotel del
Coronado. Coronado. Cal.. this winter with a.
jolly houaetol, *n expert golf tournament, meet
ing of Reid trials club, hunting. Ushlnz boat-
Ing, dancing, etc.
Some night prowling rascal has taken to hugging
the Berkeley co-ed. They should receive the limit of
the law for presuming to do what most of us have
only dared to think.
VON AVALDERSEE'3 WIPE- K. N. A.,
City. The wife of Field Marshal Count
von Waldersee was an American woman,
who by marriage to her first hu3band be
came Princess von Noer. Her name was
Martha Esther Lee, the daughter of an
American grocer.
A MIDDLE NAME— J. B.. City. It Is not
unlawful for a" person to add a middle
name to the. one he has. It often hap
pens that there are several persons of the
THE DIPPER — Reader, Colusa, Cal. The
change of the earth's position makes the
Dipper appear to move around the' north
star. '
CRAT,
6
SAD STORY OF A BOSTON SEMICOLON.
7*
There is gloom in Boston hotels, all becausfe of a wretched little semicolon.
Nobody, not even a guest, can get a drink in a Boston hotel after 11 p. m., and
all on account of a miserable little semicolon. Theater parties after the show
sit sullen and thirsty in the restaurants of the Boston hotels and abominate a
pestiferous little semicolon. The hotel-keepers, who pay $2000 for their licenses,
are thinking of calling on the Legislature to extirpate that deceitful little semi
colon, j >
This is the story of the semicolon: In 1S73 the Great and General Court
parsed this statute:
Xo sale of spirituous or intoxicatins liquor shall be made between the hours of II
at night and 6 In the morning, nor during the Lord's day, except that if the licensee
Is also licensed as an Innholder he may supply such liquor to guests who have resorted
to his house for food or lodging. *
Give heedful note to the comma after "morning," a kindly and hospitable
comma, which permitted the "licensed lnnholder," at least, to comfort the
parched throats of his guests between 12 p. m. and 6 a. m.
In 18S1 the statutes were consolidated and somebody, careless copyist, humor
ist or zealous prohibitionist, plucked away the innocent comma and set a blis
ter of a semicolon there. Notice the difference:
Xo sale of spirituous or intoxicatins liquor shall be made between the hours of 12
at nleht and 6 in the morning; nor during the Lord's day, except that If the license*
is also licensed as an innholder he may supply such liquor to gruests who have resorted
to his house for food or lodglnsr.
In 1SS5 the hour was changed from 12 to 11, but the comma was not restored.
Obviously the fatal little semicolon shuts out the innkeeper from his former
right of selling liquor to guests between 11 p. m. and 6 a. m., and merely per
mits him to sell on Sunday. -This week the Supreme Court of Massachusetts
has so construed the statute. The semicolon has overruled the Great and
General Court.
This anecdote teaches us the moral and legal value of punctuation, which
some of us were Inclined to look down upon In our younger days.— New York
Sun.
ADVERTISEMENT^
NOT COD-LIVER OIL
but Scott's emulsion of cod-
liver oil. They are not the
same ; far from it.
Scott's emulsion is cod-liver
oil prepared for the stomach.
Let cod-liver oil alone if you
need it. When your physician
orders toast, do you breakfast
on flour ?
Pure cod-liver oil is hard to
take and hard to digest. A
man that can keep it down,
can saw wood. He thinks he
is sick ; he is lazy.
We'll send yon a little to try I! yoa like.
SCOTT & BOWSE, 409 Fcarl attest, N«» Voik.
/...¦1L JrL.il i—h lSki
Grand Opera-hou&p — "Man* En^ir.'y.'
Alcaiai — "Jlniiam? Butttrfly."
Columbia — "The gincint O:r!."
C:ymj).a, c : rcr :.Ia:-o:i an;! ZA&T »treet*-6j>*ct«ltl«*.
Chutes, Z»< at.i Tk&Xxc— Vaudeville every afternoon and
Fiecfaer"s— Vaudeville.
Sherman-Clay Hali— Tenure, Saturday cvtnlnr.
California Jockey Club, C>akian3 Kacetrack— Racn to-day.
Ma'.X tsfcscrtbeni in rrJertr.g chanr* of nfiir'f* thould !«
Is-:f.:t; to c' v e bcth NEW AND OLD ADDRESS !n orier
to *-»i:-» m. prompt tad ccrrwt compliance with thel • request.
<\VKLA\D OFFICE HIS
e\ GEoncu jvitocxEss.
f/enefer Foreign Advert. sing. Varquette Euild'ig. Chicago.
<\r>r.t Dlttisc* Tteienhone "'Central "«!*.">Watch glasses fitted free at Geo. K. Moss
& Co., 145 Stockton, opp. City of Paris. •
JOSEPH FIGEL, MERCHANT TAIL
OIL The latest styles to select from. Suits
from $20 upward. Overcoats, fancy vests,
etc.. at greatly reduced prices. Second
floor Flood Building, Fourth and Market
streets. •
The blind pupils of the- Institution for
the Deaf and the Blind at Berkeley will
give their annual sacred concert, on Sun
day afternoon, December 16, at 3 o'clock
in the assembly hall of the school at
Berkeley. The friends of the Institution
and of the pupils are Invited to attend.
Concert of Deaf and Blind.
When in I>oubt
Drink Evans' Ale or Stout. Sherwood & Sher
wood,' San Francisco, Los Angeles, Portland.*
John I. Sabln, president of the Pacific
States Telephone Company, sent a letter
to Mayor Phelan. yesterday in which ho
threatens to remove, on .December 31, 1900.
all the telephones now used by the city
government unless the bill for the month
of November Is paid. Supervisor McCar
thy's agitation against paying the de
mands, claiming that the company owes
the city for license taxes on nickel tele
phones, resulted In It being held up by
the Finance Committee.
Last evening the various committees
appointed for the ensuing year held meet
ings and to-day the convention will close
with the election of officers for 1901.
"Will Remove City Hall Telephones.
by the convention, which adjourned until
to-day at 10 a. m., after the president had
appointed the following committees:
Credentials— Porterfleld, Gilmour, Wood.
By-laws— Pllebury. Orl^gs. Barker.
Resolutions— General Cliipman, W. H. Mills,
S. Craig, Smythe and Holt.
Nominations— Simmes, AVillis, Wares, Eaton,
Soule.
Legislation— Works, Lippincott, Sutro.
A resolution introduced by Mr. Smythe
to form local branches of the association
caused some discussion, ln which Mills
Chipman, Willis, Pillsbury and ,-Wood
took part, and it being the pronounced
sentiment of the members present that
local organizations might cause dissen
sions the resolution was withdrawn.
The counting of ballots ln the Dainger
neld-Graham contest continued before
Judge Murasky yesterday. The ballets
of seven precincts of the Twenty-eighth
District were counted and Graham gained
two votes, leaving Dalngerfleld a gain of
but one vote since the recount began.
An authenticated copy of the will of
the late Collls P. Huntington and petition
for Its admission to probate were filed
for probate In the Superior Court of this
city and county yesterday. The petition
was filed by Atto'rney J. E. Poulds and
bears the signatures of Arabelle D. Hunt-'
Ington, decedent's widow; Charles H.
Tweed and Isaac E. Gates. It is set forth
that decedent left property ln this State
of the value of 5104,400, consisting of
mortgage interests in lands ln San Fran
cisco, valued at $50,000; mortgage interests
in San Luis Oblspo, valued at $50,000, and
real estate ln Interior counties valued at
$4400.
Superior Court Notes.
'the addition of this amount of water for
Irrigation purposes to the resources of the In
terior valleys of California is believed to be
sufficient to Justify an increased population in
those districts of from ,100.000 to 200.000 souls.
Deducting for the cost of construction It Is
believed that this -urouM result ln a direct in
crease in land values of Irrigated areas of
fully $20,000,000. irrespective of Increase ln town
and city property, which would be a necessary
sequence.
Mr. Lippincott also read a telegram he
had sent in, the morning to Chief Newell
of the Geological Survey at Wash
ington, D. C. announcing that the asso
ciation was ln session and would ask of
the State Legislature the sum of $30,000 to
help the survey, and desjrlng to know it
the department would assist on the same
basis. /
Loud ? cheering greeted the telegraphic
reply of Chief Newell announcing that the
matter would be satisfactory to. the Geo-
Wanted the Right of Way.
United States District Attorney Coombs
yesterday filed a declaration in the United
States District Court against Peter Nel
son, master of the gasoline launch Crow
iey' charging him with having blown two
blasts of the whistle in re#rx>nse to a
•»lnFle> blast by the steamer Santa Roaa
in the bay on September 19. such being
contrary to the etiquette of all salt sea
dog« Mr. Coombs asks that Captain- Nel
son be compiled to pay the statutory
penalty of *oO.
In a circular Issued yesterday by th*
Board of Education teachers are In
formed that classes will in future contain
two sections, deslsrnated as A and B.
Section B will be six months ln advance
of the A section, which will comprise
pupils who are engaged on the first six
months' or fall term of the year's work.
Section B will comprise pupils engaged on
the second six months' or spring term.
Teachers are requested to encourage ad
vanced eighth grade pupils to enter ex
aminations for the High School. Princi
pals will have great latitude In classify
ing schools for the remainder of the term
on account of promotion of such pupils.
Tb.9 board will make an effort to pay sal
aries on December 24 and reports must
be filed on. December 21.
Information for Teachers.
Captain Daniel J. McCarthy, »nspector
of the First Regiment, League of the
Cross Cadets, died at his home. 1123 Guer
rero street, on Wednesday after a linger
ing Illness. He was one of ths most ac
tive and faithful officers of the regiment
and his death Is deeply mourned. Even as
a boy he was a leader among 1 the boys of
St. James parish in the temperance cause
and was an officer of the Junior Branch
of the League of the Cross of the parish.
When the cadet organization was started
he organized Company E and served as
captain for a number of years. He re
ceived promotion to be regimental Inspec
tor and he won the esteem of all his fel
low officers. He was a young man. of
unblemished character, of a high sense of
honor and brilliant talents.
As a mark of respect to his memory
the funeral, which will be held Saturday,
will be attended by all the officers of the
regiment and by delegations from each
company. Colonel E. J. Power ha3 Issued
orders to assemble at 8:30 a. m. at
Twenty-fourth and Guerrero streets, to
accompany the remains to St. James
Church, where solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated.
Daniel J. McCarthy, Prominent in the
League of the Cross, Passes
Away.
PROMISING CAREER. IS
CUT SHORT BY DEATH
STATE'S WOODS
AND STREAMS
THE THEMES
v »
Annual Convention of the
Water and Forest
Association.
Both California and Uncle Sam Will
Be Asked to Appropriate
Large Sums of
Money.
Tho first annual convention of the Wa
ter and Forest Association of California
began yesterday ln the maple room of the
Palace Hotel. The members present were
representative of all Interests in the
State. AJthougrh the association is but a
year old it numbers nearly 5000 members
and the officers are confident that with
in another year the present membership
will be doubled.
In the morning' the executive committee
was busily engaged ln preparing reports
for the afternoon session, President Wil
liam Thomas appointing the following
gentlemen to act as committees: Revision
of by-laws— A. J. Pillsbury, J. . D. Works,
A. Briggs; credentials— S. Craig:, W. H.
Porterfield, P. F. Wood.
The members of the executive commit
tee present were: President William
Thomas, Arthur Briggs, J. B. Lippincott,
W. E. -Smythe. Sciplo Craig, J. D. Works,
W. C. Ralston. A. J. Pillsbury. U M.
Holt, E. B Willis and W H. Mills, the
last five also being the committee ap
pointed on legislation.
The president briefly outlined the work
to be accomplished and said it was of.
vital importance to the welfare of the
community that the waters and forests of
California should be conserved and pre
served. The association had been un
able to secure any financial aid from the
last State Legislature and had been com
pelled to rely upon private assistance, lie
said further:
San Francisco subscribed $10,000, and I am
proud to say that not a single subscriber had
any interest in the work of the association
other than that of public spirit and the benefit
of the State. The United States Geological
Survey and Department of Agriculture co
operated in the work of the engineers during
the season, and for each dollar we spent the
federal Government expended a similar sum.
The federal Government has saved the eseo
ciatlon considerable expense, end the two uni
versities aleo helfed, and we hope to carry on
the good work.
All other States bear the expense of con
serving waters and protecting the forests, and
this State should do the same. We will ask
the coming Legislature for aid. and we are
assured that the Federal Government will al
low $55,000 a year to the Geological Survey and
Department of Agriculture for this State, If
our Legislature will vote a similar sum.
The president then gave the details of
the present membership, sho-wlng that
prominent men in all walks of life were
Interested ln the work of the association.
Treasurer Dohrmann reported that the
total receipts from all sources during the
year were $18,080 80 and the expenses $15.
244 93, and after paying 1 outstanding 1 ac
counts the balance on hand was $460 34.
The reports of the president and treas
urer were adopted and the convention
then listened with great Interest to the
account of the work of the Geological
Survey as presented by J. P. Lippincott.
resident hydrographer for California of
the United States Geological Survey.
The report of Mr. Lippincott was as fol
lows:
HYDROGRAPHY— Observations of dally die
charge are now being made on the Sacramento
River at Red Bluff; the Stanislaus River at
Oakdale; the Salinas River near Salinas; the
Tuolumr.e River at La Grange; tb,« San Joa
quin River at Herndon; the Klnate River at
Red Mountain; Little Rock Creek near Palm
dale; the Santa Ana River near Redlands; Lytle
Creek near Rlalto, and the Mojave River at
Victor. Records are also being furnished, with
out charge to the Geological Survey, on the
Kern River near Bakersfleld by the Kern
County Land Company; the San Gabriel River
near Azusa by H. F. Parkinson, and the Sweet
water River at Sweetwater dam by N. N. Sav
age. Observations will be commenced January
1. 1801. on the Mokelumne River at Electra, the
Merced River near SneUings, Stony Creek near
Elk Creek, Cache Creek at Lower Lake, and on
numerous tributaries of the Salinas River.
INVESTIGATION OF KINGS AND SAN
JOAQU1N RIVER?— Two parties spent the
summer ln the basin of the Kings and San
Joaquln rivers, one party ln charge of B. G.
Hamilton and the other ln charge of H. E.
Grefn. Large power possibilities were found
on Kings River and also a reservoir site of
223.000 acre-feet capacity. Estimates on the
installation cf a power house and pumping
plant were made by Lewis A. Hicks. Well ob
servations were made by Louis Mesmer, and an
ample supply of underground water, good ln
quality, and at an average depth not to ex
ceed fifteen feet from the surface, can be ob
tained generally throughout this district It is,
considered commercially feasible not only to
surply the deficiency of water during the Irri
gating season, but also to double the irrigated
areas under Kings River.
SALINAS RIVER— Investigations on this
stream were begun undir the supervision of
Charles D. Menc, professor of engineering
Stanford University, and are still In progress
TUBA RIVER— The investigation of the
Tuba River was ln charge of Marsden Maneon.
Mr. Manson made a careful study of the sum
mer flow of this stream and its tributaries.
KERN RIVER— This work was in charge of
F. II. Olmsted, City Engineer of Los Angeles.
logical Survey, and that it would ex
per.d $30,000 annually If the State of Cali
fornia voted a similar sum.
Judge Wood of Los Angeles, chairman
of the committee on legislation, then
submitted to the convention a number of
resolutions, which the committee had in
dorsed; also a number of bills which will
be introduced at the coming Legislature.
One bill will provide for the Joint in
vestigation of plans for conserving the
waters and preserving the forests of Cali
fornia by the State and Federal govern
ments, and for the appointment of a
Board of Water nnd Forest Commission
ers, to consist of three members, to be ap
pointed by the Governor for two years
the Commissioners to serve without sal
ary, but to be allowed $200 per month for
expenses and a secretary at $100 a month.
Another bill will be introduced at Sacra-
m £ n .!& asking for the appropriation of
$107,200 for the work to be carried out un
der the direction of the Commissioners.
The State Legislature will also be asked
to paps a resolution to request the Sena
tors and Congressmen of California to
introduce bills in Congress asking for an
appropriation of $2M,000 for Irrigation sur
veys by the Geological Survey In
California, and that $100,000 be appropri
ated to the work of the United States De
partment of Agriculture In this State.
Congress will also bf asked to reserve
all unsold public forest'lands In the State,
to establish a more. efficient forest patrol
and to adopt a national policy of scientific
forestry, to encourage the growth of tim
ber, to permit the State to buy "cutover"
forest lands and to make stringent the
laws for the prevention of forest fires.
The various bills recommended by the
committee on legislation were adopted
L-ast evening Mr. Hazen learned from
Sheriff J. D. Collins of Fresno County
that W. B. Fritch served one year In the
Fresno County jail for having counter
felt money In his possession.
As father and son occupied the same
room it was presumed, that the son was
cognizant of what was going on, and he.
as well as his father, was arrested and
lodged in the county Jail.
The discovery of the counterfeiter's
den was made through the carelessness of
William Benton Fritch in sitting by the
window while w : orking on the coins. He
was seen by some of the workmen on the
postofflce building, and the special agent
was notified.
The elder Fritch said that he had not
passed any counterfeit pieces. He had
almost made up his mind yesterday
morning, he said, to melt all the bad
coins and abandon his attempt at making
money, and he regretted that he had not
done so.
years ago, ar.d that they had been living:
in the Stevenson street residence for
about six months. During the whole of
that period the father had teen experi
menting on counterfeiting coins, and bad
just perfected his t-rstcm by molding the
tint Datch, consisting of -f 3320 in ten dol
dar pieces The pieces looked like silver,
and were ready to be plated with gold,
the battery and the plating mixture be
ing found in the room ready for use.
TWO COUNTERFEITERS, FATH
ER AND SON, WHO ARE NOW
IN JAII*
Mr. Olmsted Investigated the feasibility and
possibility of power development and the regu
lation of Kern River flood waters by means of
storage reservoirs located at high elevations in
the mountains.
8TONY CREEK— Work in charge of Burt
Cole. In regard to this investigation It it
Mated that Glenn and Colusa counties are ex
ceedingly favored in their natural resources.
Reservoir sites have been found and surveyed
which demonstrate the possibility of irrigating
the mountain valleys of Glenn County on an
exceedingly conservative commercial basis, and
it is confidently believed that It is possible to
build up a great Irrigation community in the
Sacramento Valley by perfection of the works
of the central irrigation district and the con
struction of a mill site reservoir, capable of
supporting a population of over 100,000 people.
CACHE CREEK- Investigation in charge of
,A. E. Chandler, Instructor of engineering, Uni
versity of California. It Is ehown by Mr. Chan
dler's report that there Is the feasibility of Ir
rigating by proper storage regulations from
Cache Creek as follows: Indian Valley elte,
40.000 acre-feet; Cl*ar Lake, 80.000 acre-feet;
making a total available supply annually of
120,000 acre-feet at a conservative cost. The
economy of constructing these works on the
baels of land values alone Is shown to be
very great. On the basis ot population in
Southern California it would support 60,000 peo-
LOW WATER MEASUREMENTS— Low
•water measurements of the stream tributary
to the Sacramento and San Joaquln valleys
were made by S. G. Bennett, assistant hydro
grapher, United States Geological Survey, dur
ing the summer of 1900.
CONCLUSION'— In conclusion It may be
stated that as a result or the expenditure of ap
proximately JS3S8 18 it has been shown that
the following amounts of water can be ob
tained and made available for irrigation at an
average expense of $8 03 per acre-foot on the
following streams In the manner given:
UNITED States Secret Service
Agent George W. Hazen and Op
erators Mofitt and Montgomery
made a most important capture
yesterday of a dangerous coun
terfeiter, together with $3320 in counter
felt ten dollar pieces, a sack full of plas
ter molds, a reeding machine, crucible,
files and other tools used in making bad
money.
The ten dollar pieces are the best coun
terfeits Mr. Hazen has ever seen, the im
pression, reeding and milling being per
fect. The only defect is that they are light
in weight.
For the past week Agent Hazen and
Operators Moffltt and Montgomery had
been watching the rear of a frame build
ing at 5uO Stevenson street. They had
been concealed in a lookout on the roof
of the new postofflce builalng, from
which point, with the aid of opera glasses,
they had been able to see a mlddie-aged
man tiling coins at a window in a back
room of 5C0 Stevenson street on the sec
ond floor. A search warrant was obtained
from United States District Judge de
Haven ¦vyesterday morning, and the agent
and the operators resumed their seats in
the private box on the postoltice build
ing and focused their glasses on the
show. Soon the counterfeiter appeared at
the window, where the light was good,
and began the work of filing the counter
feit ten dollar pieces. The agent and his
assistants immediately went to the house,
and without going through the formality
of ringing the bell, broke down the door,
ran upstairs, smashed In the door of the
counterfeiter's room and were upon him
before he could have had the slightest
inkling of what was happening. The
counterfeiter stood at the window with
the file In his right hand and several
cigar boxes full of counterfeit coins in
front of him.
So sudden was the onset and so great
the surprise that the counterfeiter made
no attempt at resistance. Having been
caught red-handed he acknowledged his
guilt, but pleaded that his son was not
concerned In the business. He gave his
name as William Benton Fritch and his
age as 41 years. Operator Moffltt in a
few minutes brought In the son, who gave
his namo as Emmett Kenton Fritch, aged
18 years. Ki«mett works In Westerfeld's
bakery on Market street as a baker.
The father said he and his son arrived
hero from Ravenna. Ohio, about five
The exiled priest Gioberti (.1843) pro
foundly stirred the hearts of his country
men by his glowing picture of what a
united and progressive Italy could do for
humanity. He advocated a federal union
under the Pops as president and arbitra
tor. Another leader of this party of re
form, as contrasted with the party of
revolution, the more practical Balbo, in
his "Hopes of Italy" (1S44), accepted con
federation as the solution of the problem
of union, but pointed out with clearness
that the greatest obstacle to its attain
ment was the presence of Austria. It
was hopeless to try to expel Austria, by
force, and unwise to seek outside help to
do It, but the break-up of the Turkish em
pire was only a question of time, and
when that came they should unite to sup
port Austria's expansion in that quarter
and in return she might relinquish Lom
bardy and Venetia. Two years later came
D'Azegllo's ringing appeal for internal
reforms as the necessary preparation for
independence.
The irreconcillaBle antagonism between
the programmes of the revolution? ry and
of the reform party, the one striving for
a consolidated republic arising from the
ruins of the existing governments, the
other aiming at a federal union of these
governments minus Austria, insured the
failure of the Italian cause in the great
year of revolutions, 1849.
At first sight the Italy of 1850 was merely
the restoration of the Italy of 1S15, and it
seemed as if no progress had been made
In thirty-five years, but a closer observa
tion revealed a striking exception to the
uniformity of despotism prevailing after
1815. In the kingdom of Sardinia under
Victor Emmanuel despotism was not re
stored, and the young king in the recent
crisis had shown himself In warm sym
pathy with Italian aspirations. The pro
gressive spirit in Piedmont was rein
forced by the presence of many political
refugees from the other states. It was of
immense significance for the future that
the King was able t9 discern and make
use of the matchless abilities of Count
Cavour, a statesman and diplomatist who
stands on the same level of greatness as
Bismarck. Devoted to the unification of
Italy, he was convinced that it could be
accomplished only by building up a pow
erful northern kingdom. The first step to
this end was to develop the resources of
the kingdom by stimulating agriculture,
building railroads and negotiating com
mercial treaties. Yet, as Sardinia would
not be strong enough unaided to expel
Austria, suitable alliances must be made,
and the first condition of securing them
would be to make the alliance of Sardinia
worth haying.
The approach of the Crimean war gave
him the desired opportunity, v.-hlch h» em
braced with gTeat boldness. If Austria
should join with England and France
against Russia In behalf of Turkey, the
assistance of Sardinlamlght be used to in
duce Austria, in case she received some
territories from Turkey, to give up Lom
bardy and Venice to Sardinia; if Austria
failed to Join in the alliance the help of
Sardinia would be all the more welcome to
Ergland and France, and the chance of
assistance in return too good to be lost.
Carried through In the face of much oppo
sition by the Liberals, Cavour's policy In
joining "France and England in the war
secured the admission of Sardinia to the
congress of Paris in 1836 as one of the
powers of Europe. The tremendous step
in advance turned all eyes toward the lit
tle kingdom as the hope of Italian unity.
A vital factor In the situation was the
disposition of Napoleon III to promote the
reconstruction of Italy, and to attach the
peninsula by gratitude to his political
leadership. In 1S5S Cavour was invited to
meet Napoleon at Plomblere*. Napoleon
made a vertral agreement with him as fol-
That the work of the powers at Vienna
should all be undone In less than two
generations and the apparently insuper
able obstacles to union overcome is one of
the most remarkable facts of our century,
and far more surprising than the unifica
tion of Germany. In Germany the
obstacles were the rivalry of Prussia and
Austria and the reluctance, of the princes
to sacrifice their independence. The sit
uation in Italy, on the other hand, was far
more complicated. In the north the Em
peror of Austria ruled the kingdoms of
Lombardy and Venice and controlled the
duchies of Tuscany, Modena and Parma,
and in the south the King of the two
Sicilies was equally eubmisslve to Aus
trian dictation. In addition to these dif
ficulties was the perplexity whether the
united Italy of the future should be a
federal or a centralized state— that is, like
Germany or like France— and, finally,
whether it should be republican or mon
archical. Obviously these were prob
lems that could not be solved by delibera
tion and whose ultimate solution would
have to come from war, the "grand de
cider of dusty and old titles." In the
meantime, for thirty years Italy was sub
divided under the despotism of native and
foreign princes, all subservient to Met
ternich, while amid persecution and in
exile Italian patriots agitated and plotted
for union, constitutional government and
the expulsion of the foreigner.
The great prophet and apostle of this
agitation was Joseph Mazzini, who lived
in London in exile. Early In the '30s he
organized the society of "Young Italy" to
work for the overthrow of all the existing
governments of Italy and to establish a
republic by means of an "educational
campaign," to be followed by insurrec
tions. The ceaseless energy and per
sonal inspiration of Mazzini made "Young
Italy" a powerful factor in the regenera
tion of Italian public spirit. The definite
ness of his programme clarified public
opinion and inspired men of conservative
instincts who were repelled by his preach
ing of insurrections to propose more prac
tical methods and a more attainable goal.
IX. ;
In Italy the reorganization effected by
the congress of Vienna was much more a
return to the conditions existing before
the French revolution and the conquests
o* Xapoleon than was the case in Ger
many. In general the guiding principle
was the restoration of the princes who
j bad been dispossessed of their dominions.
Tjut not the restoration of the republics,
with the single fexception of the quaint
medieval republic of San Marino. The
desire of the Italians for union was
J Ignored on the ostensible ground that
j Italy had no political significance, but was
j purely a geographical expression like
I Europe. There was, in fact, only too
I much truth in this assertion.
tion. EDWARD G. BOURNE.
Yale University.
lows: If Austria could be provoked into
war without starting an insurrection, and
Napoleon could be shielded from the ap
pearance of aggression, be would join
hands with Sardinia to expel Austria from
Italy. In that event Piedmont (Sardinia*
should be enlarged by the annexation of
Lomhardy. Venecia and probably of Par
ma jind .Hoitena, with some of th^ papal
Ft.ites, to make a kingdom of alwut 1-.-
Ow.oOO population. The rest of the papal
territory except Rome and vicinity should
be added to Tuscany to form another Ital
ian kingdom. The kingdoms of Sardinia.
Tuscany and Naples. w!th the remnant or
the papal states (Rome- and adjoining dis
tricts), should constitute a confederation
under the real control of Victor Emman
uel and under the honorary presidency of
the Pope.
Cavour accepted this stngrular combina
tion, of the programmes of Oioberti and
Balbo. feeling assured that If the revolu
tion were once let loose it could not be
confined to such fantastic bounds. He
now labored Incessantly for war. Tart of
the verbal agreement was made a formal
treatyin ISoS). and the precipitate action
of Austria soon brought on the war.
In less than two months Napoleon,
frightened at an uprising in Central Italy
which betokened union with Sardinia and
the consequent failure of a part of his*
plan, put on the brakes and made peace
with Austria on the basis of her retain
ing Venetla and yielding Lombardy to
Sardinia and the restoration of the princes
in Central Italy. The last provision was
impracticable without a renewal of the
war, and the following year saw the cen
tral provinces annexed to the kingdom of
Sardinia, which now became the kingdom
of Italy. The new kingdom comprised all
the peninsula except Venetia. the two Sl
oilles and the remaining papal states. In
IS61 the annexation or the two Sicilies
was effected and in two years the number
of Victor Emmanuel's subjects had in
creased to 23.000.<XM.> Instead of the 12.000,
000 contemplated by Napoleon III. Only
Venice and Rome remained outside, the
first under the hand of Austria and Rome
under the Pope.
Less fortunate than his grreat contem
porary, Cavour did not live to see his
work completed, but he died in the con
fidence that "Italy is made." An alliance
with Prussia In the spring of lSfi6 secured
Venetla to Italy when Austria was
brought to her knees that summer, and
four years later, when Napoleon fell,
Rome was occupied.
The union of Italy was now completo
and Rome became the capital. But It
brought with it political problems which
have not yet been solved. Unification had
come too quickly to make the Italian peo
ple one. Centuries of separate political
life, differences In temperament and edu
cation and considerable divergencies of
race and language have mads the real na
tionalization of Italy a slow process, so
slow, in fact, that a recent writer— W. J.
Stillman, for many years a resident of
Italy— records his conviction that a final
and real union of Italy would have been
more surely attained by the formation of
a confederation under favorable condi
tions than by the rushing together of un
like elements In the enthusiasm of revolu-
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE UNIFICATION OF ITALY.
Copyright, 1900,
by Seymour Eaton.
1A/AR GEOGRAPHY OF" EUROF>E.
FRITCH AND HIS MONEY MILL
ARE CAPTURED BY THE SPECIAL
AGENTS WHO HAD SPOTTED HIM
Bogus Ten - Dollar . Pieces Amounting to
$3320 and Outfit Is Taken as Evidence
Against Him — His Son Also a Prisoner
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1900.
7
SUMMARY OF RESULTS, EXCLUSIVE OF THE SALINAS (INCOMPLETE) AND KERN
* RIVER INVESTIGATIONS.
STREAM. Locality. avaHabfJl Total Cost per
_. acro-feet. I coat. aere-ft.
STREAM.
I
Kings Clarks Valley 2S3.S24 I* 013 349 19 02
Kings Electric pumping plant (8 months operation) " "' '
for Installation *>ia nnn i ">r; =;nn k oi
Stony Creek Brlscoe .' ]\\ *M 5 I
Stony Creek East Park "m \U'm 6 K5
Btony Creek Mill Kite . .' «750 698*000 15
Cache Creek LittKs Inrtlan Valley ......... '.' inm, S^'oOO 11 si
Cache Creek Clear Lake... 452MS4 6 66
Total _• M«,C24 $6,182,333 S3 03
SUMMARY OF RESULTS, EXCLUSIVE OF THE SALINAS (INCOMPLETE) AND KERN
* RIVER INVESTIGATIONS.
STREAM. Locality. avaHabfJl Total Cost per
_. acro-feet. I coat. aere-ft.
STREAM.
I
Kings Clarks Valley 2S3.S24 I* 013 349 19 02
Kings Electric pumping plant (8 months operation) " "' '
for Installation *>ia nnn i ">r; =;nn k oi
Stony Creek Brlscoe .' ]\\ *M 5 I
Stony Creek East Park "m \U'm 6 K5
Btony Creek Mill Kite . .' «750 698*000 15
Cache Creek LittKs Inrtlan Valley ......... '.' inm, S^'oOO 11 si
Cache Creek Clear Lake... 452MS4 6 66
Total _• M«,C24 $6,182,333 S3 03
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KOHLER & CHASE, Established 1850.
#tim 1 ATRH B f% AIPVA A musical gift gives real satisfaction and
I " il I* 8 V I VIS fl X 1.8 I- 8 \ lasts a lifetime. T\> have everything mu-
U 1 1 U 1 0 I I V I n V WlllO Blcal at headquarters prices.
mg aiiAA The largest stock ln the "West, from the peerless Knabe to sllght-
i" I O Is 1 I ly u?ed and second-hand Instruments at t^O. Our fifty years" ex-
I I II i ¦ U V perlence enables us to guarantee the best value for the money.
Let Kohler & Chase tell you how they make buying easy.
WASHBURN MANDOLINS, 5SSS-2
are sole wholesale dis-
tributors for California, are'sold from $15. OO up. Tou can afford to give the best.
Our low priced Instruments are the best ever offered the public for the money. A
beautiful Mandolin for 35.00
CRITERION MUSIC BOX sS25SS
by Interchangeable tune sheets,
from 25c up. Criterion 914.00 to $5323
KOHLER * CHASE 13 headquarters for everything musical. Knabe Pianos,
Washburn Guitars, Banjos and Mandolins, Bes3on and Messenharter Band Instru-
ments, old Violins, Edison and Vltaphone Talking? Machines, Criterion Music Boxes
HEADQUARTERS - - 26-39 O'FARRELL STREET, San Francisco.
Is the easiest tonic ln the world to take and tJii
most beneficial and lasting In Its results. Tha
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n prepares it,
hence Its merit. Sold by all druggists.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA. HOUSE
CHCWT>ET> ALL THE TIME.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND' EUN'DAT.
ASSURED SUCCESS OF
THE OLIVER-LESLIE CO.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
THE GREAT ENGLISH MELODRAMA.
MAN'S ENEMY !
NEXT MONDAY
"A TALE OF TWO CITIES."
Price*— 10c. 15c. CSc. 50c. A Few Front Ro«i
tn Orchestra. 75c. Matinees— 10c. 15c. 25c. t9c.
JCo Higher. Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
XTST TO PASS THE TIME AWAY.
FOURTH AND LAST WEEK OF
THE JOLLY
MUSKETEER!
Ever.ir.irs a.t 8 Matinee Saturday at 2.
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
tTHE GREAT HOLIDAY EXTRAVAGANZA.
'"CINDERELLA"
A DELIGHT FOP. YOUNG AND OLD.
POPULAR miens— :s cents and SO cents.
Telrphors* Buth S.
'Comfortably Heated by Steam.)
LAFT THREE PERFORMANCES OT
J\ BELL BOY!
Comrnenc!n» FCXDAT AFTERNOON,
TOLLY-YENIAL— YOVIAL
BEN HENDRICKS
A*«i*te<J by A GREAT COMPANY, Including
the NATIONAL SWEDISH L.ADIES'
QUARTETTE.
In the play that made him famous,
OLE OLSON!
>. Delirhtful Festival of Melody anfl Song.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
MATTNEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
EVERY NIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAY,
The Remarkable One-Act Play.
AIADA1HE JAPANESE
IMnuninu tragedy,
BUTTERFLY. %™ co .
Preceded by Gilbert's Comedy.
"PYGMALION AND GALATEA."
NEXT WETK-"A SERIOUS TANGLE" and
»-MAI>AME BUTTERFLY."
RACING I RACING ! RACING I
1300— WINTER MEETING— 1J0L
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC. 2d to DEC. lBth. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Kwrtzg Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
i-Sx-e or taor* races e*c!» day.
Race* start at J:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave Ean Frar.cis.co at 12 m. and
¦I 20 1. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 1 p. m., connecting
vita* trains stoppia* at the entrance to th«
t-fcck. Last two cars on train reserved for
Indies end their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
Xerrv tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
r.ect with San Pa.blo avenue cars at Fourteenth
k.na Bro»(3»ay. Oakland. These electric cars
»o «'n£t to the track ln fifteen minutes
Returnlr.f-Trmln« leave the track at 4:15^and
i.il p. tn. and immediately after tbelast rac*.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR-. President.
R. B. UILROT. Secretary.
CHUTES ANDJSOO.^ffir
A M POTVTRS-THE JACKSONS— HARRY
WALTON-NATHALIE DE ANGELES-
VIOLKT JOHNSTON-GU8 LEONARD.
NEW MOVINO PICTURES.
rO-WORROW K16HT — BIS CAKEWALK.
CHINA v«. AFRICA.
Telephone for Seats— Park it.
friQPHP'R'Q CONCERT HOUSE.
rlOW/XiLn O Admission 10;.
OGILL AND COOPER'S COMEDIANS IN
•ALL MIXED!" "AI-L MIXED!"
K HOST OF SPECIALTIES AND MUSICAX.
ACT6!
Heaervtfl seats, 25c Matinees Sunday. ;
! AMTJSEMEirrS.
iUUkUIHISjA LEADING THEATRE
LAST 2 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
ALICE NIELSEN
And the ALICE NIELSEN OPERA CO.
Direction of Frank L. Perley.
Presenting: Herbert, Smith aafl Sttnr»'» Opera,
"THE SINGING GIRL."
NEXT MOX DAT.
FREDERICK WARDE
In Espy 'Williams' Romantic Comedy,
"THE DUKE'S JESTER."
SEATS NOVT RKADY.
GOOD GOODS InOOOD VAUDEVILLE
DAVlS AND MACAITLEY, HAR-
MONY FOXJB,, SPENSER KELLY,
AHERN AND PATRICK, PA-
TRICE AND COMPANY, ROB-
ERTXJS AND WILFREDO, MAY
DE SOTTSA, PANTZER TRIO,
GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Re«erve<J eeats. 25c: balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats. 5^. Matlcees Wednesday, Sat-
urday »nd Sunday.
"Good By" Performance*
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT
THE RATS" HOWLING SUCCESS
"A HOT OLD TIME"
John W. Jess as Larry Mooney.
TO-MORROW. SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
THE BOSTON LYRIC OPERA COMPANY.
Presentlns
"SAID PASHA"
To-morrow Night. Dee. IS "CARMEN"
Monday Night. Dec. 17 "CARMEN"
Tuesday Night. Dec. 18 "SAID PASHA"
Wednesday Night, Dec IB. ."IL TROVATORE"
Thursday Night, Dec. 20 "CARMEX"
Positively Farewell Appearances of COL-
LAMARINI. RUSSO and ALESSANDRONL
Evening, 15c, 25c, 35c, 60c and 75c. Matinee,
-15c. 23c, SSc and DOc. SEATS NOW READY.
LECTURE
BY
MRS. JENNESS MILLER,
Cnder the Auspices of THE WOMEN" 8 PRB5S
ASSOCIATION.
Subject: "KNOWLEDGE WHICH IS POWER,
OR THE ART OF LIVING."
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL,
SATURDAY, December 15,
SOCIAL REX7EPTTON 4 P. M.
Tickets can be secured at Sherman & Clay's
ana M. H. Ober fc Co.'n, 33 Geary street.
Do 1 q po These hotels pos-
1 aiaUC £ ess the attributes
¦m that tourists and
JJJJQ travelers appreciate
—-central location,
P* T*Q Tl f\ liberal manage-
VJ1 dlli.1 ment, modern ap-
yw . | pointments and
HOlfilS perfect cuisine*
iiuioia American and Eu .
San Francisco ropean p'ans.
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
I BLOOD.L8VER. LUNGS.
.•A^SSpw^xia ftn^iy for Gonorrhnra.
«le»-t. SpornHorrho*,
rnFli'iTi i in r ii n TM WMtoi. unnttnril di3-
MSSS Go»r»nt«d W churgt . or any inflarnraa-
vaUg utt to «uitture. tion, i ritation or ulcer*-
f> •frirnnti i-ffr-t'"" tion f Din co it* mem-
v Tfc3W frr express, prepaid, for
HTfihfrfc i irfrrn ti V nr 3 fottiM. 12.73.
Weekly Call t $1.00 aer Year
Hale's. j Halo's.
IX
§^ store open every evening until Christmas. fc
Free— a rooster "cap with every toy purchase after 7 p. m. •
I holiday sale of beautiful dolls. I
th We show just so many kinds of dolls as the most critical cus- •*
f(j tomeris likely to wish to see— and every kind is a beauty. We
tf show just as inexpensive sorts as one could expect — and just as
JS& expensive ones as any one would care to buy. And t*,
F^ 1^?^ Our pr *? es are matchless. We buy dolls for 6ix great '
ii ci^'^vl Etores » n quantities that are the envy of many a ®
'-*, h \^rTj wholesaler, and every advantage we gain by big buy- q
iP in S.Koes straight to our. customers. .
rf r) ne ( *°^ S w ' 1^ k° ec a nd hip joints, long curly g
S? / f hair, moving eves, and shoes and stockings — 20
(( r H mches lon S— aristocratic beauties— each $2.25 ©
y . ij J / Fine dolls with hip joints, moving eyes, curly hair, q
y^ Li. 1 H an( * s h° es a^d stockings — handsome enough to make
¦*'[ I any ? inle tot ' s eves sparkle with delitrht when she O
53? V-^p^[ empties her stocking on Xmas morning — 20 inches
Q ft Ions— each ; $1.30 @
K V^Va* Genuine Kestner dolls with very beautiful faces. fa
A\* Et fl | on K curly hair, and shoes and stockings — 18 inches >•
** '* El Ion £~ each 91.1 J» (®
f£r Kid body dolls with pretty faces, moving eyes, [n
curly hair and shoes snd stockings— each 40e fh
ri our housefurnishing department offers alluring |p
p attractions for those seeking useful $
(fa . and sensible gifts. fk
t]P |"j There's a masmificent stock to choose from —
a stock we're croud to own and enthusiastic to 5»
fshow. These five items — picked almost at ran- iv
dom — may lead you straight to the very gifts IL
your friends are hoping you'll decide to get |»
• them. "
? 14 inch nickel plated trays — < 7^'i£^\i \\ v
? ! MCh iOc IIHpj I
9 Two burner gas stoves — ¦&-'*~'&»- t i> i 'k&i "H?
9 each 92.2:{ S^
O Doormats— 16x18 inches—. &rt'M$J&'SS.\l Ol
• <^s4\ each 69c >?J:^M?W&, Ih
© x^S*^^^^ Trunks — 32 inches long — [^;S» i f^^V^r : .'*,*^> W*
Bissell's carpet sweepers — A
• each .92.25 a * Sr — «*
' 9 '
•j Market Street, near Sixth, opp. Golden Gate avenue. J&
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I DINING-ROOM !
( EXTENSION TABLE. .
\ Nicely polished and finished ln
f golden oak; has turned legs. Top,
I 42x«; length, 6 feet
/ SPECIAL PRICES FOR THE
\ HOLIDAYS. 'I
5 COMPLETE HOUSEFURNISHINO •!
I A SPECIALTY. a
n Free delivery within 200 miles on
(i $25 worth and over. i>
]| CASH OR CREDIT. W
S BRILLIANT'S fi
1 338-34O-342 POST ST. W
• Near Powell st. <Open Evenings. I
i Jam a<s lancl or butter 1
/ .^^l^and 13 feet ten? M
¦jjgS^. PAINLESS
m % GEARY STREET
Between Hydt and Larkin.
Telephona Polk UU.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE '
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS,
STRICTURES and analogous complaints ot tha
Orcana of Generation.
Price U a bottle. For eal« by drugglfU.Beyond a decline In Pacific Gas from $47 12U
to $46 60 there was nothing new on the morn
ing session . of the Bond Exchange. Trading
was light.
There was a good business on the Oil Ex
change at steady prices.
The Oceanic Oil Company has declared a dlvl- j
dend of 1 per cent, payable on tho loth.
The Hutchlnson Plantation Company has de
clared a dividend of 25 cents per share, amount
ing to $23,000, payable on the 20th.
The last report of the Alaska Mexican mine
shows 14,264 tons ore crushed by 120 stamps
In twenty-nine and a half days, producing
$22,580 In bullion, and 245 tons sulphurets, valued
at $4014. showing «\n average of $2 per ton.
The total yield was $?S,63S and the expenses
J21.S2C.
The Alaska United mine reports 24,344 tons
ore crushed by 220 stamps, most of them run
ning for twenty-nine and a half days, yield
ing $29,315 In bullion and 491 tons sulphurets.
valued at $9914. The gross yield of the mine
for the month was $42,063. showing that the ore
averaged $1 75 per ton. The expenses were
J39.37L _^
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Dec. 13—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
: Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask
4s quar coup..U5»illGVi Js do cp (new).13S^;i3S>«i
4s do res U4HHSVI Ss do coup..-..103»illO»4
' MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co.lOtft — Oak Water 6s..lO4H —
Cal-st Cab 3s.ll'J — Oceanic SS 5s.llO?iin
C C Water 6s.lO9 — Om C Ily 6s... 128 u»9«i
Ed L i P 6s... 131 — Pac G Imp 4s. 101 —
F & Cl Ry 6s. — — P & Cl Ry 6s. .106 — |
Geary-Et R 5s. — 95 P & O R R 6s.ll5ij _
HC£S 5M:S.. - — Powell-st It 6s. US -
Do 5s ........102«£ — 8acE GAIt Ss. 99HI00
L A Ky 5S....110H — S F & SJV 5s.ll9;£ _
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103 . S R of Cal 6s.. — 113
Do gntd 6s... — — S P R of A 6S.113 114
L A gntd5s.... — 102 SPC6s<1305
L A P B R 5s. 100 — (Series A).... 109 U _
Market-st 6s. .AZ9\. — Do (Series B)UO14 —
Do 1st II Ss.l22Vi — Do (1906) 112 u 2 s-
N C N G R 7s. — 114 Do (1912)... ..121 —
N R of Cal 6s.ll4% - SPR i st g 6s. 107% -
Do 5s ....... :.U9ttim4 S P R,6 3 131 -
N P C R It 6s.lDl — S V Water 6s.ll4Vi —
Do 5s 103 — Do 4s 103H104
JJ Cal Ry 6S...110H — Do 2d mtge.lOH*102
Oak G L & H.llO'/i — Stktn Gas 6s.l00 103
Oak Tran 6s..ll9Vil20Vi - 1
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 71 72 I Spring Valley. 93^ 941/
Marin County. 51V4 — i . ¦ -^
GAB AND ELECTRIC STOCKS. .
; Cent L & P Co*— 4H Pac L Co..'... — 4414
, Eqult G L Co. 3^4- 3H Sac E G&R Co S3 40
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco
(a religious corporation sole) to Mary McMahon.
lot on \V line of Nineteenth avenue, 200 S of
Point Lobos avenue, S 25 by W 120; 110.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Rose C. Biggs
(wife of D. H.>. lot on E line of Sixteenth ave
nue 150 S of C street. S 23 by E 127:6; $10.
, Ann Smart to Kate McDonald (wife of Alex
ander), lot on X line of Rlpley (Prospect) place.
£0 E of Alabama street (Columbia place), E
25 by N 100; $10.
Laurel Hill Cemetery Association to William
Shlels, lot 27S9. In Laurel Hill Cemetery; $1200.
Margaret E. Crocker to Lewis Meyersteln, lot
on NW corner of Clay and Franklin streets, N
102 :SVi by W 112:6; $10.
Margaret Keane to Mary I. Lovett (wife of
James) (life estate to revert to Catherine A.
Connolly), lot on N line of Golden Gate ave
nue. 45 B of Fillmore street. E 25 by N 90; gif\
Maria Monferran to Richard S. Williams, lot
on B line of Scott street. 32:6 S of Fell. E
87:6. N 27:6. W 87:6: $10.
Albert Waltersteln to Ella. Waltersteln. lot
on SB corner of Jackson and Baker streets, E
100 by S 27:SU: gift
L. H. and Lizzie Sly to John A. Hoots, lot
on N line of Filbert street. 153:9 XV of Broder
lcfc. W 73. XW 15:10, NW 123:5, E to point. S
137:6; $10.
Margaret M. Keane to John F. Connolly Jr..
lot on S line of Jefferson street. 87:6 W of
Broderick. W 25 by S 112:6; gift.
Ellen Magoonls to John. James and George
Maeoonls. lot on W line of Cook street. 300 >J
of Point Lobos avenue. N 25 by W 120; gift.
Margaret Kane to Catherine A. Connolly
(Keane, wife of John), lot on N line of Fif
teenth street, 61 E of Xatoma. E 24 by N 80;
gift.
Susanna Paton to Minnie S. Nichols lot on
E line of Shotwell street. 95 N of Twentieth
E 122:6 by N 34; gift. ¦ '
John A. and Belle Hoots to L. H. Sly lot on
S line of Fourteenth street, 152 B of Castro.
Estate of Martin Kerr (by Mary T. Nelson,
administratrix) to Frank Dooly. lot on SE cor
ner of York and Twenty-fifth strwU. 8 140 F
ICO. N 50, W £0, N 90, W 50; ISOO.
Frank Dooly to Andrew J. Dooly. undivided
half of lot on E line of York street. 90 S of
Twenty-fifth. S 50 by E 100: $S0O.
nd . 1 ? w . J- an< l "r 13 *" P°oly to Frank Dooly
undivided one-half of lot on SE corner of
Twenty-fifth and York streets, E 60 by S 90
$sco. *
Sarah B. Fazackerley to Mary E. HuMmM
(wife of L. E-). lot on E line of GueraS street
114 N of Twenty-third. N 27 by E 50^$10
Gottlob Fischer to Margaret Fischer 'lot on
S line of John (Twentx-second) street *»» p
of Guerrero. E 25 by S 114: gift. ' ~° **
San Francisco Savings Union to Heber W
Witham. lot on E line of Sanchez streef ifti
S of Tw'enty-pecond. S 21. E 121:6, X 100 wV-s
S 76. W 100; $1350. ' lw ' W a - 6 .
Eugene and Minnie J. O'Donnell to r.on™.
H. and Hattle Drew, lot on S line of Twemv
ninth street. 230 W of Church, W^25 by S 114;
American Surety Company of New TnrV ?«
Sarah J. Mills, lot on W line of Vo. R tr«t
101:6 N of Elizabeth. N 25 by V lM^uf 1 ™***
Gottlob Fischer to Margaret Fischer lnt ™
NR comer of Temple (Twenty-flfS) MdDla,
mond streets, E 133 by N.114; K tft.
Jacob Heyrean Company to' Charliv.. xr.ni-»
lot on W line or Hoffman avenue 47. 1^1 of
Frans O. and Maria Johanson to Elizabeth
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
S.<50 Reading 2d prefd .' UM
nio Grande Western 65
Rio Grande Western prefd ?4
1.J00 St Louis & San Francisco 19H
3"0 St Louis & San Kran let prefd 74
650 Pt Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 49
1.000 et Louis. Southwestern 1514
1.100 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 8774
12.900 Pt Paul 126*1
St Paul rrefd 178
Pt Paul & Omaha 120
U.7M Southern Pacific 41«:
10.SOO Southern Railway 18V;,
3,630 Southern Railway prefd 67%
11.400 Teias & Pacific 20%
10,415 Vnlon Pacific 71S
700 I'r.lon Pacific prefd Sl»4
13.KW Wabajh 10H 1
24.115 Waha*h rrefd 23T4
LfilS Wheeling & L E lOTi
l.sr? Wheeling & L E 2d prefd ZSft
. 200 WiBconpin Central 12 ;
3"O Third Avenue 115
l,0"0 Baltimore & Ohio prefd r So
S'< National Tube 61H
S00 National Tube prefd 104
Express Companies—
Adams 144 1
American 16S
United States •. 61
W«>Il«-Fargo 133
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 81
American Ontton Oil prefd 90 :
American MRlting 4»i
800 American Malting prefd 25
7.3iX> American Smelting & Refr.g HH,
l.SsS American Smelting & Refng prefd.. 95»i
Amor-can SpirltR 2
American Spirit? prefd 17
4.709 American Steel Hoop Z0V A
LCO American Stevl Hoop prefd 77*i
14.S.VI American Steel & Wire 43
500 American Steel & Wire prefd S7
I2.J2J American Tin Plate 49H
3*0 American Tin Plate prefd S3
C,4("0 American Tobacco 107*4
American Tobacco prefd ISO i
1.010 Anaoonila Mining Co 47'i
2S.725 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 72"i
2,650 Colorado Fuel & Iron FI14
2,410 Continental Tobacco 84>4
Continental Tobacco prefd SSS;
25,725 Federal Pteel S1 7 4
E">0 Federal Steel prefd 76^i
300 General Electric 170 ]
430 Glucose Sugar 52^,
Glucose Sugar prefd 100
International Paper I2»i
230 International Paper prefd 73
Laclede Gas 70
215 National Wscult 37
National Biscuit prefd 90
SCO National Lead 1?H
National Lead prefd S2H
4.204 National Steel 37S
National Steel prefd 91
600 New York Air Brake 163
2.900 North American l«T4
Pacific C-ciast ~ 68
Pacific Coast 1st prefd ?5
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
425 Pacific Mail 43
S.ir.0 People's Gas S^i
1.F10 Pre*s"v1 Steel Car 49
420 Pressed Steel Car prefd S3
250 Pullman Palace Car 199
Standard Rope & Twine 5
23,r75 Sugar 124*4
Supar prefd 114«4
17.1S0 Tennessee Coal & Iron GO
2.4K5 T'nitM States Leather 13
1.070 United States Leather prefd 75*i
4.310 United States Rubber 27'i
1.210 United States Rubber prefd 79>4
1.850 Western Union R3H.
1,075 Republic Iron & Steel ":. 15Vi
1,215 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 6o» /3
P C C & St Louis 58
4,640 Amalgamated Copper 91?i
720,300 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg lOtt&jN Y C lsts 109
Do coupon. 105 IX J C gen 6s 127T4
V S 2s reg lOHLiN Pacific 3s 70H
I>o 2s coup 109«i! Do 4s IO0M1
Do new 4s reg...l3S I ,«;N Y C & St L 4S..1O7U
Do new 4s coup,lS«^!N & W con 4s 99U
Do old 4s reg....lUVOr Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s coup...lK*tj Do 4s 1C2U
Do Ss reg: llSVOr Short Line 6s. .129
Do Ss coupon. 113'*! EK> con £s 117
DiEt of Col 3. 6dS...124>j Reading gen 4s.... 92*i
Atchslon gen 4s... 102 R O W lsts 1004
Do adj 4s 8SVi : St L A I M con 6s.ll3V4
Canada So 2ds JOk^St L & S F gen 6s. 123
Ches &. Ohio 4^s.lM .i-t Paul cons 17SV4
Do f.s 121 |St V C & P lsts... 1204
Chi & N con 7s....l3« l i! Do 5s U'2
Do S F deb fe.T.121 jS Pacific 4s S2H
, Chicago Term 4s... S3'4'S Railway 5s lUVi
Colorado So 4s S4VStand R * T 6s... 72
I> & R G 4s lOlVTex & Pac Ists....ll4>.i.
Erie gen 4? 82 V *| Do 2ds 78
F W & D C Ms... 7» I i|U Pacific 4s 107
Gen Electric Ds....l40'* Wabash lsts 116T4
Iowa Central Uta.llSW Do 2ds 107
L & X uni 4s 101*iiWest Shore 4s 115
M K. & T 2ds 74*»iWls Cent lsts 87H
Do 4? S4H!Va Centuries 94
MINING STOCKS.
Brunswick lliOntario 6 00
Chollar 12:Ophlr 62
Crown Point OSPlymouth 07
Con Cal & \> 1 25| Quicksilver 1 25
i Deadwood 65, Do prefd 7 00
Gould & Curry 47 'Sierra Nevada 23
Hale &. Norcross.. K.Standard 2 S3
Homeetake 60 CO Union Con 20
Iron Silver 70^'ellow Jacket IS
Mexican 131
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— [Rubber 2S«4
Call loans 4 @-5 iL'nion Pacific 71"^
Time loans «ft$S)4)l Union Land 2't
Stocks— jWest End 93
Atch T & Sta Fe.. SS&iWestlnghse Elec... £3
Do prefd S3»4| Bonds— 1
American Sugar... 124*i Atchlson 4s 101>4
I>o prefd 115 Mining Shares —
Bell Telephone 156 Adventure 6*i
Bofton & Albany. .24SVi'Allouez Mln Co.... 2^
Boston Elevated... 155 iAmalg Copper 91
Boston & Maine.. .11*6 (Atlantic 26
Chi B & '" 136»i'Boston & Montana.327
Dominlor ol 3SU'Butte & Boston... 80
I>o preu 313 iCalumet & Hecla.^05
Federal £te«." 5SS' Centennial 204
Do prefd 76^4 ! Franklin 15
Gen Electric lW* Osceola 72 i
»o prefd 146 {Parrot 47H
Ed Eiec 111 217 iQulncy 168
Mexican Central... 13U Sta Fe Copper 6
Mich Telephone.... S5 iTamarack 270
N E Gas & Coke.. 11 4 'Utah Mining 33»4
Old Colony 202 Winonu 3',i
Old Dominion 27%i! Wolverines 45
London Market.
NEW TORK. Dec. 13. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market here was Idle to-day. Busi
ness most of the session was dull. American
fhares opened rather lower. There was a fair
amount of business in this department, but
more to the Krie Issues than in all other is
sues put together.
Money va.< In good demand j n connection with
; the stock exchange settlement. - . . -j
CLOSING.
JjO'SDO'S. Dec. 13. — Atchison, 41H: Canadian
Pacific. RSTi; Union Pacific prefd, S4Vi: North
ern Pacific prefd. 854: Grand Trunk, 64. Bar
silver, steady, £9 13-16d per ounce. Money, 2Q>
"'i per cent.
A T ezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Dec IS.— Money on call steady
at 3S6 per cent: last loan. 4 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 4'i®6 per cent; sterling ex
change firmer, with actual business In bank-
I ers* bills at U US for demand and at $4 80*4
1 for elxty days: posted rates, J4 M>;iH tt and
f4 K>'itil f£; commercial bills, $4 S0tft4 KOVi: sli
ver certificates. 64S«Sc; bar silver, 64«ic; Mexi
can dollars. M>\ic Government bonds, strong;
State t>onds, weak; railroad bonds. Irregular!
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec. J3.— To-day'd state
ment cf the Treasury balances In the general
New York Stcck Market.
NEW TOHK. Dec 13.— The etock market to
*ay was less under the influence of the
Rrengtb of Individual stocks and mere under
the coming exigencies of the money market.
Even the eeriFStior.aJ and buoyant rise in the
Erie etocks !n the last half hour hardly served
t<< more than check the liquidation which was
In active force in the general market. Twenty
tifeht years Is given as the elapsed period
ftnee an idrie Company stock sold as high as
E0 on the Ftock Bxchange. To-day the first
preferred sold et 12\ in the late dealings. Ex
trune advances for to-<!ay In the company's
ttccks were, for the common 3*«, for the first
r^efcrred 4"» and for the second preferred
E%. The authoritative announcement that a
contract of sale had been signed between the
2Vnnf>*lvanta Coal Comjiany and a syndicate
fc«t;ded by the central r>ower in the anthracite
trade was the cause of the buoyancy. The
rTTtcx on the other anthracite stocks, however,
was Vfry Err.all. Some firmness was manifest
in the South western railways on buying teem^
!:c'.y in the interest t>£ the bull pool, notably
tl.e W abash securities. Otherwise selling was
«r«»iieral throughout the lli>t and tboee stocks
which have persisted in their upward move
ment this week were as a rule the weakest.
TT.is v.as noticeably true of the Fteel group,
in which the declines ran- up to 2 points or
oicr. Sugar and the New York public utill
ti«« fell Irom about 2 i«>!nt« to 2'i. Consoli
dated Gas and a number cf other prominent
ftucks. both in. the railroad and industrial list,
lell frcra 1 to 1%.
The tionds of the Erie Company and some
of the BouthwMt»ra railroads were In demand
to-Uay. C>therv.-J-<» the bcnl market was rather
rt-aetior.ary. Total tale*, par value, Jt t 7S3,OCK).
United States refunding 2s advanced * m and
cM <s •» ar.d is 5 n per cent en the last call.
Kinx TOBK STOCK LIST.
Fhare* Closing
Sold. Ftock— Bid.
rs.ETO AtcMsoa ti'A
U.C3S Atchlson rreM S3»i
l.WXl Jtallimore & Ohio SO
Cana-''.«n Pacific ?7
210 Canada Southern RU
6.4>i CtH-ta:*ske & Ohio 37H
li,0V) Chicago Great Weffrn 1^
fc/tw.' Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 135»i
ll*> Chicago, lnd & Louisville- ZS
!•'• Chie*co. lnd & Louiyvill* j>ref<l ES
100 Chicago & Ea*t<-rn Illinois 37
Chicago & Northwrtitern l£9
2.200 OnUaco, Rock IMand & Pacific... li;»4
SiO C C C & Ft Louis 67
2.PS0 Colorado Southern 714
1.000 Colorauio Sour horn 1st prefd I 43%;
Oolorado Southern 2<i prefd.. i7»i
1,200 IWaware & Hudson lug
irf* IVlawrtre. I-aek & Western '.!!lS5
rW Denver & lilo Grande 25'-,;
1.1. "i0 Denver & Rio «rande prerd " Tt" 1 ,
C2.V(/> Erie ' 'n>4
70.r;o Krie 1st rrcfd ]]\ g^
<ireat Northern prefd 1731I
100 Hocking <~oal ,~ jg
2!V> Hocking Valley .%.. j«u
440 lUisota O«*niral 134U
100 Iowa Central rl»2
100 Iowa <>ntral jreM 441!
1.2C0 Lcke Erie & Western " 33V
DO Lake 5'rle A: Western prefd 1CS
: Lake FI:ore
1.C90 Louipvt!!* & NnFhvllle "' j«Ti
*.4G0 Manhattan Elevated ...; jog
S.<"iO Metropolitan Strett Railway 166
100 Mexican f'ntral 13^
S*S Mlnneajjolls £ Rt Louis CSU
ISO Minneapolis & St Louis rrefd 101"
f.TSO Missouri Pacific C0»i
Mobile & Ohin 4;
i.ttth Missouri. Kansas & Texas 14*4
£,«X)0 Missouri, Kansas * Texas prefj.... ssu
?<0 Kew Jersey Central 144
LE23 N<'»- Y"rk Orntral 'mx-
S.900 Norfolk & Western 42 i-
Norfolk & Western prefd si
11.710 Northern Pacific 7jij
1.C2S Northern Pacific prefd K:u
17.O7Q Ontario A- Western Z!V A
Oregon Hallway & Navigation 42
Oregon Ity A Navigation preM 76 .
27.:TO Pennrylvunia. .142M,
7.700 I5/-fl.<.lng 21%
t.770 IlcaOins 1st prefd £6
LIVERPOOL.
Wheats- Dec. Feb. Mar.
Opening I 11V4 6 H
Closing Z ll»i 6 H
PARIS.
Wheat— Dec. Mar.-June.
Opening 20 35 2155
Closing 20 20 .21 43
Flour-
Opening 26 20 27 CO
Closing 26 15 27 40
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK, Dec. 13.— The most notable
factor In the local metal markets was the new
records for this year of lead and spelter made
at London, where lead closed very weak at £16
2s 6d, while the local market remained dull
and nominally unchanged on the basis of
$4 37%; spelter at London closed weak at £1S
12s 6d; this had a weakening Influence on our
market, which sold off 2H points to |4 13.^4 20
and was very weak at the decline. Tin was
rather unsettled, with trading confined chiefly
to supplying Immediate requirements. Prices,
however, show a gain of about 50 points over
last night's close to $M 75 in sympathy with
similar advance at London, where tho market
closed firm at arise of £1 10s to £117 10s. Copper
ruled quiet and nominally quoted at $17 for
Lake Superior and $16 62ty for electrolytic and
casting. In London copper was 2s 6d lower at
£71 2s 6d. Trading in tho domestic iron mar
kets was of a hand to mouth character and tho
undertone at nominally unchanged prices.
English markets for Iron were weak and un
settled. Glasgow at the close was quoted at
60s 4d and Middleboro D3s 6d nominally.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 13.— CATTL&— Receipts. 9300.
Generally 10 cents lower. slow. including
butchers' etock and Texans. Good to prime
steers, $5 25®6 20; poor to medium, $3 75ft5 15;
selected feeders, $3 75®4 25: mixed BtockersJ
$2 23GS 65; cows. $2 C0JM: heifers, $2 CQSM S3
canners. $1 75Q'2 40: bulls. $2 40-S4 35; calves'
$3 6<*£5 23; Teras fed steers, $434 75; grassers'
$3 25^4; bulls. *2 40!g3 40. "
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 38.000; to-morrow
30,000; estimated left over, 4000. Active, steady'
closing firm; top. $4 95; mixed and butchers"
14 65<ff4 93; ffood to choice heavy, $4 70ig>4 95'
rough heavy, $4 65(g4 C3; light, $4 65S'4 82H*
bulk of sales, $4 S0<3<4 90. 7 "
SHEEP-Recelpts, 17.000. Sheep and lambs
choice, stronger; medium, steady. Fancy
lambs. $5 90Q«; good to choice wethers, J4 100
4 €0; fair to choice mixed. $3 9O4J4 10; western
sheep, J4Q4 50; Texas sheep, J2 60@3 65; native
lambs, $4 25@5 S5; Western lambs, $505 §0.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 13.-WIIEAT, steady
Wnlla Walla, £4(?54Hc.
Foreign exports of wheat from Portland for
the week ending to-day were S92.SS5 bushels.
TACOMA. "Wash.. Dec. 11— Wheat quiet and
unchanged. Blue stem. 57c; club, 64c.
Nkv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 13.— The cotton market
started to-day with prices unchanged to 8
points higher, and . climbed farther upward
until January reached 9.46, March 9.80 and
May 9.22. Estimates for larger receipts to-
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was dull. Creamery. 13Q24c; Dairy, 13
@20c. Cheese, active, 10«4®lUic Eggs, quiet;
fresh, £5c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 29,000 17 000
Wheat, bushels 116,000 10 000
Corn, bushels 151,000 82*090
Oats, bushels 134.000 9o|oOO
Rye. bushels 2.000 2.000
Barley, bushels 38.000 13J0O0
Flour, yulct and easy; No. 3 spring wheat.
€3'a"l^,c; No. 2 red, 72 l 4Q"74»ic; No. 2 corn, 36*i
@37c: No. 2 yellow. 36*i<S37c; No. 2 oats, 23c;
No. 2 white. 26c; No. 3 white. 23(3'26V4c; No. 2
rye. 49«?3Oc: fair to choice malting barley, 50@
60c; No. 1 flax seed, tl 62igl 63; No. 1 North
western. II 65@1 65Vi; prime timothy seed, $1 40;
mess pork, per barrel. $11 25^11 37H: lard, per
100 rounds. $7 1~M<3~ 20; short ribs sides (loose)
$8 2."itf<5 SO; dry ealted shoulders (box^il). h'i'S
6Hc; short clear sides (boxed), $8 65®6 75; whis
ky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, contract
grade, $10<J?10 25.
Cash quotations were as follows
Pan Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
2; minimum tem;*raturt-, *G; mean, 49.
VEATHES CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the Pa
:ftc Coast north of San Francisco. A storm
T considerable erierta' is central over Wash
;jrtc.r.. The barometer is IS. 40 Inches at Neah
"ay ar.d high southerly winds are prevailing
ro.-n the mouth of the Columbia River aorth
• B.Ti.
The following maximum wind velocities are
•j>ort*"i: Astoria, 30 milei per hour, from.
.*> Moth: Portland, 26 miles, from the south
.ist; Pocatello, SO miles, trora the south.
Heavy rain is falling along the northern
dm At Neah Bay 1.C4 Inches has fallen in
.i»" i-ast 12 hour?.
The storm will probably move eastward
".r^uph the British possessions, but is far
BOngn south to cause rain end high southerly
in<i8 over the greater portion of the coast cf
aJUornla.
The temperature has risen over the ccast
-.crth cf San Francisco. Cold weather still
revails in the treat valieye.
Southeast storm warnings are displayed along
tie o>.tst from San Francisco northward.
Forecast made at Kan Frajicisco for 30 hours
r.dlr.g midnleht December 14, 19<'"0:
Northern Califorr.ia — Rain Friday; fresh
coutherty winds, high off shore.
Southern California — Cloudy Friday, threat
-ninir at night; Jlgrht westerly changing to
southerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Friday, with rain In north
ern iK)rtton.
Utah— C!->u<Jy Friday; warmer.
Arizona — ClouSy Friday.
6an Francisco ar.d vicinity — Rain Friday;
brisk southerly wi:ids.
ALEXANDER O. McADIEX
Forecast Official.
Mutual Z, Co. — 7% S F G & E... 47tf 47%
O G L & H.... 50 — Ban Francisco 4& 4&
Pac Gas Imp.. 47# 48Vi Stktn G&E Co— 1*
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 223 —
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 73 — First Xatlonal.805 312Vi
Bank of Cal...4O9 — Lon P & A 143 I4o
Cal S D * T.. — 105% Merchants' Ex U —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.... — 1900 Sav & L So... — —
Hum S & L... — — Sec Sav Bk...26O —
Mut Sav Bk... 50 — Union T Co — —
S F Sav Un...52O — !
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....129«4 - |O S L & H.... 33^ «#
Oeary-st 45 — j Presidio *' "
Market-st .... 70U 70?i I
POWDER STOCKS.
California — IS) Vlgorlt 3 3 * 8
Giant Con Co. 84 84V4
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7% 1% Kilauea S Co.. ?t FH
Haw C A S Co 90. — Makawell S Co 42 43
Honokaa S Co. 31H 32 Onomea H «"o. gjj ;'
Hutch S P Co. 25^4 26 Paauhau S Co. SITs Ka
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.l24H125 Fac A F A... 2% —
Cal Fruit Asn.103^4 — Pac C Bor Co. — —
Mer Ex A.«-n.. 97 ion Par Paint Co.. 12h —
Oceanic S Co..l03T4106
Mornlnr Session.
50 HawaHan Commercial & Sugar WOO
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds 110 8. H
65 Pacific Gas Imp <' •"''
1 Pacific Gas Imp.... *« 50
200 S F Gas & Electric Co *" 60
10 Spring Valley Water 94 00
SOVigorit 3 12U
Street—
10 Giant Powder Con 8* W
6 Ocanic Steamship Co 104 CO
Afternoon Session.
85 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 90 00
15 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 CO
25 Oceanic Steamship Co 104 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co *1 SO
$2000 8 P of A bonds 113 50
117 Spring Valley Water 94 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— ' "
800 Caribou W
100 El Dorado 1 65
200 Four Oil Co «
700 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River * 8
50 Home Oil < 45
60 McKlttrick Consolidated 49
1C00 Monarch of Arizona- 40
100 Occidental of West Virginia 67
1200 Petroleum Center 20
100 Reed Crude Oil Co 49
25 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 9 00
10 Yukon 52
Street— ~,
100 Independence "*
_ Afternoon Session.
« Board
1000 California-Standard 35
300 Caribou 60
200 Four Oil Co 48
100 Four Oil Co 47
200 Hanford-Fresno-Kem River 45
100 McKittrlck Consolidated *5
2000 Petroleum Center 20
100 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 9 12\i
16 Twenty-eight J 40
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Dec. 13—2:30 p. m.
STOCK. Bid. Asked.
i Blue Goose ' — 5 CO
¦ Burlington ..: 15 19
California-Standard 35 38
Caribou 59 60
El Dorado 170 2 00
Four 47 60
Hanford 113 00 119 CO
Hanford. Fresno, Kern River.. — 45
Home: 4 45 4 50
Kern 9 50 10 00
Kern River 17 00 IS 00
Lion Oil Co 28 31
McKittrlck Consolidated 36 83
Monarch of Arizona 39 40
Junction £5 65
Wolverine — 170
Monte Crlsto 140 —
Occidental of West Virginia.... 65 67
Oil City Petroleum '. 30 00 33 00
Petroleum Center 1.9 20
Reed Crude 49 60
Rex 50 70
San Francisco & McKIttrick... 1 00 1 70
San Joaquin Oil & D Co 9 00 9 12%
Supset Original 30 40
Twenty-eight 2 42H 145
Westlake 21 —
Yukon 85 60
McKittrick — 42
Pittsburg — W
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
E00 Andes 03 400 Ophlr 65
300 Best & Belcher. 26 2fO Overman 11
50 Caledonia 3.» 100 Sierra Nevada. 27
200 Mexican 33 100 Yellow Jacket.. 22
Afternoon Session.
100 Bullion 04 10O Ophlr «4
200 Caledonia 34 l r O Overman 1ft
100 Crown Point... 11 100 Savage C6
100 Gould & Curry. 52 200 Silver Hill 48
100 Gould & Curry. 63 100 Union Con 21
E0 Mexican .... 31
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Alpha Con 04 100 Ophlr ...*. 62%
200 Best & Belcher. 25 300 Ophlr 6-»
200 Beat & Belcher. 26 400 Ophlr 63
300 Caledonia 35 500 Potosi 13
300 Chollar 13 200 Potosi 13
300 Con Cal & V...1 40(1300 Union Q>n 23
200 Con Cal & V.I 42>£l 500 Yellow Jacket.. 21
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 26 100 Ophir 64
700 Con Cal & V.I 42LJ 200 Silver Hill 4«
100 Gould & Curry. 62
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Dec. 13—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha. C3 05 Justice 02 03
Alta 05 06 Kentuck — 03
Andes 06 OSjLady Wash — 03 [
Belcher 14 16 Mexican 30 31
Best & Belcher. 25 26! Occidental 04 C6
Bullion 03 04!Ophlr S3 64
Caledonia 32 33jOvermaii 10 11
Chollar 14 loiPotosl 12- 13
Challenge Con.. 20 22!Savage 06 07
Confidence 65 60:Scorpion — 14
Con Cal & Va..l 40 1 45iSeg Belcher.... 02 04
Con Imperial... — OljSierra Nevada. 27 28
Con New York. *1 — Silver Hill 44 4S
Eureka Con.... — 35iSt Louis 10 —
Crown Point... 11 13jStandard 3 Oa 3 2»
Exchequer — 02|Syndicate ...... — 12
Gould & Curry- 50 61! Union Con 21 22
Hale & Norcrs. 19 211 Utah 06 C«
julla — 03 1 Yellow Jacket.. 21 22
CHICAGO. Dec. 13.— In the wheat pit con
siderable stuff recently acquired was turned
adrift on a moderately activo market May
opened unchanged at 73%@74c, being for tho
moment supported by the steadiness of the
Liverpool and Antwerp markets and vague
rumors of export business done yesterday.
Thereafter the tendency was downward. Re
ct-Ipts were liberal and holders feared the- usual
bfarlshnesa of the Government report due
Monday. A prosprct that the Southwest stocks
for the week would phow an increase of 1,200.
000 bushels was not encouraging. May during
the- forenoon dropped to 73Vj&73%e. steadied
for a while and then continued the decline to
73V»c. The close was weak. May HSHc lower
at 73}»c.
Corn was quiet and prices were depressed
bv freer country offerings and excellent
weather. May closed %c lower at S554@S5TbC
December closed hie down.
Oats were quiet. May closed a BbjuJe lower
at 23*; c
Provisions were dull but firm because hog
receipts were under the estimate. Shorts bid
for lard early, but none was offered. January
pork closed 10c higher, lard 2%c up and ribs
a shade Improved.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Quicksilver Trade.
Receipts cf quicksilver at this port flurtng
th» f.rst eleven months cf the year were 1S.646
CaFk.s, cralsst 11.739 during the fame time last
y*-ar. The exports tff «va were 6SSS flasks.
\&:ued at f30S,:60, a*raln.-t SC4 flaski at $3S0.CS0.
Exports of Flour and Wheat
Exports cf flour from this port during the
fret eleven months cf the year were 1.019.550
barrels, against S70.1S0 durir.g the same time
ir. 1S99. Reducing this flour to a wheat basis
and aiding St to the exported wheat gives
total exports cf wheat tor the eleven months
if I.9SS,4XM ctis. value! at $10,428,400. against
L29S.O0 ctls at $;,C2,VOO during the tame lime
last year.
Weather Report.
flT^h Meridian— Pacific Time.)
FAX FRAXCISOO. Dec. 13—6 t>. m.
The following axe the seasonal rainfalls to
£<it» as conr-i>are<l with those of the same <!ate
!a.«i season, ar^d rainfalls !n the last 24 hourc:
There Is no scarcity in fruits and Quotations
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
EGGS— •
California ranch,— Selected white, 44c; mixed
colors, 42c per dozen.
California Gathered— Fancy, ; standard.
33c; seconds. .
Eastern — Fancy, — — : standard. S2V£c; sec
onds, .
Storage— California fancy," 30c; standard. ;
Eastern, fancy, 30c; standard, — -;* seconds,
Ke=-20c per lb.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 13c; choice. 11c
common, nominal; Young Americas, 1314c
Eastern, full cream.' 15@16c per lb.
Pickle— 21c per lb.
Bl'TTKR-
Creamery — Extras, SOc; firsts, 2Sftc; sec
onds, .
Stornge— Creamery extras, 23c; firsts, 21c;
seconds, 20c.
Dairy— Extras, 27c: firsts, 25c; seconds. 22<£c;
store, .
Prices for fancy creamery Butter were high
er on the Dairy Exchange, and all fine But
ter was more or leys scarce and firm. . There
is a better supply of the cheaper grades, how
ever, but not sufficient to affect the market.
Quotations here continue too high for outside
orders.
Chee?e rules firm at previous prices.
Eggs stand about the same. Supplies are
still meager and arrivals sell as soon as they
get here, so there is no accumulation of stock.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The eighth cor of Eastern Poultry came to
hand on time, and sales were made at $4®
6 50 for Ducks, $2^2 75 for Geese, $3 5034 for
Hens, $4@4 60 for young Roosters, $3 50 for old
do, $2 50@3 for Broilers. $3 60 for Fryers, $1
for Pigeons, $2 75 for Squabs and 14fi 16c for
Turkeys.
Dressed Turkeys, are In light receipt, .but
the demand for them Is nothing extra.
Receipts of Game were about 125 sacks, but
the demand was light, as usual during the
middle of the week, and prices stood about the
same.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@12%c for Gob
blers and 12 ( gl3c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys.
14<317c; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2; Goslings, tl 75
«?2; Ducks. $334 for old and $4@5 50 for young;
Hens. $304 CO; Young Roosters, $4; Old Roos
ters, $3 60S>4: Fryers, $3 00® 4; Broilers, $3 SOW
for large and $3#3 25 for small: Pigeons, $1 per
dO7en for old and tl 7»<*?2 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 25; Mallard. '$3 50«?4; Can
vasback, $3©4; Sprl*. $2 50<!?2 75: Teal, $1 50®
175; Widgeon. $1 25@1 76; Small Duck. $10130;
Black Jack. $1 50; Gray Geese. $3; White Oeese.
$101 50; Brant. $1 60 for small and $2 for large;
Honkers, $1®4 50r English Snipe, 51 E0@l 75;
Jack Snipe, $1 25; Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, $1 25 S>
1 50 for Cottontail and $1 ror Brueh; Doves,
63c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES-Green Peas. 4$Cc per lb;
String Beans, SQ^c: Cabbage, 90e; Tomatoes.
"acSll^J for Los Angeles: Egg Plant, Lob An
geles, 4iff7c per lb; Green Peppers from Los An
gel W!, 2®7c per lb; Dried Peppers. 9511c; Dried
Okra, 10<S15c per lb: Carrots, 25??35c per box;
Cucumbers, 75c; Summer Squash, $1; Gar
lic. 4ir5c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $12 per ton;
Mushrooms, 5®l"V4c per lb.
All descriptions under this head remain about
the same. Onions are firm. Potatoes weak and
Vegetables steady, though the demand for the
latter barely keeps pace with the supply.
POTATOES— River Reds, 75c; Uurbanks, 35®
65c for River and 90c®$l 10 per ctl for Sa
linas and G3r©Sl for Orejron: Sweets, &0<375o
for River and 85jj90c for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 50<&l 75 per ctl; Cut Onions. $1®
1 25 ner ctl.
Colored beans are dull and weak, but all
white descriptions are scarce and getting
scarcer, and as the demand for them Is sharp
prices are rising rapidly, as will be seen.
BEANS— Bnyos. JZ fi5«2 75: Small .White.
$4 3S@4 50; Large White, $3 35@3 60: Pink. $2®
2:15; Red. $2 73S3 00: Blackeye, *3; Llmas. $5 33
@5 40; Pea, $4 2304 50; Red Kidney, $3 73(g*
per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 E0g2 75; Canary,
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 7H®9V4c; Rape, 2%®Sc; Hemp. 4®4V4c;
Timothy, 4®4V4c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75<3>2 25; Green, $2 75
<g3 per ctl; Blackeye. $1 75@2 25.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
WHEAT— New York and Paris were both
weak, the former declining %c. Liverpool, on
the contrary, was slightly higher. There was
a better cash inquiry in all markets, with bet
ter prospects for reducing stocks. The demand
for Flour was also improving.
Chicago opened tame, but with little pressure
to sell. There was some scattered outside buy
•ing, and the feeling seemed healthier. The
long Wheat has apparently passed Into strong
hands, and Is not for Bale. Later on in the
session Armour did some selling, others fol
lowed, and prices fell off somewhat. New York
wired small acceptances. The Southwest, on
the contrary, commenced to buy.
This market was a fraction higher on the
spot, with futures about as before.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97H@9S%ic; Milling,
$1 O2V401 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls,
$1 03%; 10,000. $1 04V4; December, 1901— 6000,
$1 OOVi: 4000, $1 09%.
Second Session— May— 10,000 ctls, $1 04V4-
Regular Morning Session— May— 8000 ctls.
$1 C4%.
Afternoon Session— Xo SAies. >
BARLEY— The market continues dull and un
changed.
Feed. 7Ec for choice bright, 72tfc for Xo. 1
and 67V4@70c for off grades; Brewing. and Ship
ping grades, 77%@S2i4c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— Xo sales.
Second Session— Xo sales.
Regular Morning Session— Xo sales.
Afternoon Session— Xo sales.
OATS— The situation shows no change what
ever, the market being quiet but firm. White.
$1 30(31 50; Surprise, nominal; Red, $1 25®1 40
for feed and $1 35ffil 45 for seed; Gray, nomin
al: Black, for feed. $1 10@l 20; for eeed, $1 200
1 30 per ctl.
CORN— The market continues dull > at un
changed quotations. California Yellow, $1 15@
1 20: California White, $1 10; Eastern Yellow,
$1 15£fl 20; White. $1 10; Eastern mixed. $1 12».j
per ctl.
KYE — S5@87'/4c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 75®2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 2a@
3 60, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25:
Oregon, $2 75@2 S3 per barrel for family and
$2 754/P3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers',
$2 75@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 60; Oat Groats, $4 60; Hom
iny. $3 60@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 EO; Farina, $1 60; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 26: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6@
7 25: In sacks, |5 75®T; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Hay was not as weak as it has been for some
days, and several cars were sold over the quo
tations. Feedstuffs showed no variation.
BRAN— $14 60(ffl5 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS- $16 6O<&19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUKFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25ig26; jobbing,
$26 CO; Cocoanut Cake. $17018; Corn Meal, $26(3
26 50; Cracked Corn, $26 50@27; Mixed Feed. $15
©16.
HAY— Volunteer. $5<S9: Wheat, $ll<gl3 50;
Wheat and Oat, $10^12 50; Oat. $9^12; Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, $S®9 50; Barley, $7 50®9 50
per ton.
STRAW— 35®47Hc per bale.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S2H
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 68V4
Sterling Cables — 4 S7ft
New York Exchange, eight — 7Vt
New York Exchange, telegraphic — S
Fine Silver, per ounce — ' 6fH
Mexican Dollars, nominal MU ® 61
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW TORK. Dec. IS.— FLOUR-Receipts,
21.241 barrels; exports, 7454. Quieter and rather
easier without being quotably lower.
WHEAT— Receipts, 24,030 bushels; exports.
P.1,027. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 78c f. o. b. alloat
and 76«ic elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
n.Kc f. o. b. afloat; Xo. 1 hard Duluth, S7V4c
o»nw.« b " i 0 !^" 8 ' aft 1 r °P en 'nK steady on the
cables, yielded to moderate unloading and for
tht rest of the day ruled eajsy to weak. Sell
ing motives were found In lessened export In
quiry on the predictions of an increase in Mon
day s visible supply and heaviness in corn.
T»J?,, 8e^T;^,- weak at net decline.
-¦» it*,?* ."^©"Hc, closed 77Uc; March. 7S%@
,3 15-16C closed 79-Hc; May. 78 15-16@79Hc.
Cl H0Ps5u^ Cemb€r ' Cl ° 8ed 76HC '
HIDES— Firm.
"WOOI^-Quiet.
COFKEB-Futures closed steady at 6®10
points decline. Total sales. 37,000 bags, in
cluding: February. $5 60; March. $5 65@6 90:
Ma ,>'. $•> 9E@«; July, $6f« 06; August. J6 05®
6 10; September. $6 10. Spot Rio, easy; No. 7
Invoice. 7c; mild, market quiet; Cordova, 9&@
i~V*c.
|£ G , A , R - Raw . steady; refined, quiet.
BUTTER-Recelpts, 3S37 packages. Steady;
creamery, lS@26c; Juno creamery, lSS23V»c;
factory, 12®15Hc. •
E«GS— Receipts, 6952 packages. Quiet; West
ern regular packing at mark, 22®26c; Western.
Ices off. 2Sc
DRIED FRUITS.
Trading was rather sluggish in the market
for evaporated apples, with the undertone no
bitter than steady at nominally unchanged
prices. State common, 4f?5c; prime, 4%S5Uc;
choice. 5^i®6c; fancy, 6®7c.
California dried fruits were dull but steady
at unchanged prices. Prunes were quoted from
3V£.@Sc per pound, as to size and quality. Apri
cots—Royal, ll(£14c; Moorpark. 15@16c. Peaches
—Peeled, 16® 20c; un pee led 6@9c.
Exchange and Silver as previously quoted.
Decreased receipts and exports of Quicksilver at this port.
Wlxcat advanced a fraction. Barley quiet and steady.
Oats, Corn and Rye as before.
Hay shozi's less weakness. Fccdstufts steady.
White Beans rising rapidly under a sharp demand.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables unchanged.
Butter scarce and still higher. Eggs and CJiecse firm.
Eight cars of Eastern Poultry thus far this week.
Game in moderate receipt and steady.
Fresh end Dried Fruits dull and unchanged.
Provisions firm, but with a small demand.
Hides, Wool and Hops as prrAously quoted.
Meat market slenderly supplied and firm.
OH stocks selling briskly. Local stocks and bonds quiet.
Linseed Oil marked down 4c.
SUMMARY' OF THE MARKETS.
£ :.. excIuslve of * 15 0.°<X),C00 gold reserve In
the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balance, $138,994,028; gold, $89,940,461.
stand about aa before. Citrus fruits continue
quiet, owing to the cold weather.
The scarcity in Cranberries continues.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— .
APPLES — 30«3GOc per box for common ana
65c© Jl for good to choice; Spitzenbergs. iac©
$1 25; Oregon Spitzenbergs, $1©1 25; Lady Ap
ples. $1 75@3 per box.
PEARS— ;Pc(ff$l 50 rer box.
PERSIMMONS— 40@75c per box.
CRANBERRIES — Jerseys. $12; Cape Cod.
$13@13 50 per barrel; Coos Bay, $2 5O©2 75 per
box.
BTRAWRERRIES— Xone in.
RASPBERRIES^None in.
I CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, SI 2o@2 50;
Seedlings, Jljil CO; Tangerines. 75c@$2; Jap
nnese Mandarins, $1 WfH 75: Lemons, 25Cfl$l 2a
for common and $1 SOJJiS 50 for good to choice:
Grape Fruit, 50c©$2: Mexican Limes. Sifii 50:
California Limes. 25<ff35c; Bananas. $1@2 25 per
bunch; Pineapples, $1©2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
A car of Italian Chestnuts is In. With this
exception all descriptions continue neglected
at the old quotations.
FRUITS — Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c:
4O-50F. 7c; 5O-60». 5\Lc: 60-70s>. 3*ic; 70-80s. 3Uc:
80-90s, 2%c; 90-100s. 2^c: 100s and over. 2c; ru
bles, Uc premium; Sonomas, \ic and San Joa
qulns, %c less than Santa Claras, except 10Os
and over, which stand the same. Apricots. 63 1
8c for Royals and 10<510M:C for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 5@6c; sun-dried, 3'£@4i4e;
Peaches, 4@5c for standard. 5ft6c for choice
and 6%@7c for fancy: Pears. 2@7c: Plums.
pitted, E@6Hc; unpltted, l^lHc: Nectarines, 5@
6%c for red nnd SH^fio for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
Fcason of 19C0: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12o
per lb: choice, lie; standard, 8\c: prime, 8o;
unbleached Thompson's. 9c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy, 10%c per lb; choice 9%c: standard, 8%c;
prime. 8c; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes. 8%c; 4-crown, 7c;- London Layers,
2-crown. $1 B0 per box: S-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 BO: Imperial. $3. All
prices f. b. b. at common shipping points in
California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7@8c per lb for Ital
ian; Walnuts. No. 1. soft-shell, lie;
No. 2, 8c; No. 1 hardshell, 10c; No. 2,
7%c; Almonds, 12@13c for papershell, 9@llo for
eoftshell; Peanuts, WBo for Eastern; Brazil
Xuts, 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pecans, ll@13c; Co
coanuts, $3 50@S.
HONEY— Comb, 13tt®W4o for bright and 12*4
@13c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7%<ff8c; light amber, extracted, 6%@7c; dark,
6S6V4c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24026c per lb.
Provisions.
Prices for cured meats are firm, but the de
mand Is light.
¦ CURED MEATS— Bacon, H^ll^c per lb for
heavy, ll^U^c for light medium, 12H@13c for
light, 13%Q14c for extra light and 15@15%c tor
sugar-cured: Eastern eugar-cured Hams, 11>4S>
12c; Mess Beef, $12 CO per barrel; extra Mess,
fl3; Family. $14; extra Prime Pork, $16: extra
clear, $19 EO: Mess, $17; Smoked Beef, 13c per
pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 614c per lb for com
pcund and 9^5c for pure; half-barrels, pure
9V4c: 10-lb tins. 10c; B-lb tins, 10^c.
COTTOLEXE— One-half barrels. SHe; three
half -barrels. 8c: one tierce, 7T»c; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Prices for all descriptions remain unchanged,
and the markets are generally dull.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under auotatlcns. Heavy salted
Steers 10c; medium. 9c; light, S^c; Cow
hides 9o for heavy and 8^c for light; Stags,
6«.c- Salted Kip. 9VJc; Salted Veal. 9%c; Salted
Calf 10c; Dry Hides, 16c; culls, 14c; Dry Kip,
ISc; ' Dry Calf, 16@17c; culls and brands,
14c; Sheepskins, 6hearllngs, 20@30c each; short
Wool, 30@50c each; medium, ?0SS3c; long Wool,
75c<g$l each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50 for large
and $2 for medium, $1 50 for email and EOc for
colts- Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 60
for medium. $1 23 for small and 23®50c for colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or
medium skins, SOc; winter or thin skins, 17H®
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. GOc; medium. 33c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4#4%c per lb; Xo.
2, 3ttc: grease, 2£2Hc
WOOL— Spring Clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 13@16c; Northern, defective. 12
©14c; Middle County, free, 14916c: Middle
County defective, 12<gl4c; Southern Mountain.
12 months'. 9010c: Southern Mountain, free, 7
months", ll@12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 9®llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno,
16fl!17c; Nevada, 13@16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaqutn. 6H®8c: do lambs, 8
Sf9c- Middle County. 9@10c: Northern Mountain,
free, lO^llc; Southern Mountain, 7^©3%c;
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 12@13c per lb.
HOPS— I2®16c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Light supplies and firm prices continue to
characterize this market.
BEEF— 7S8c for steers and 6®6Hc per lb for
COWS.
VKAL— Large. 8®9c; small, 9@10c per lb.
MUTTOX— Wethers, 9@9%c; Ewes. 9c per
pound.
LAMB— 10@10%e per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5Sc for small and 5%c for
medium and 5%<f5^c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5@5V*c; dressed Hogs, 7»4@SHc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July. 6%c; Wool Bags,
28Ms@32Hc; Fleece Twine. 7%c; Fruit Bags.
6%ff6%c for white and SH@S%c for bleached
Jute.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
¦Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend,
$3; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Cannel. $10
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $1S in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 45 per
2000 lbs and SS 50 per ton. according to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, In 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.15c; Powdered. 6.75c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.75c: Dry Granulated, 5.65c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.65c; Magnolia A, 5.25c; Extra C,
5.15c; Golden C, 5.05c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 60c more; 50-lb bags,
lOo more. Mo orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels. 6.40c: boxes. 6.65c per lb. . '
LINSEED OIL — Has declined 4c per gallon,
as follows: Raw, In barrels, 6Sc; boiled, 70c;
cases, 5c more.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. DECEMBER 13.
Flour, qr sks 42,810'Sugar, ctls EOO
Wheat, ctls 192. 33« Tallow, ctls 2G8
Barley, ctls 3. 5 'S3- Leather, rolls 44
Beans, sks 2.1«4 Brandy, gals 4.750
Corn, ctls 725 Wine, gals 79,230
Potatoes, sks 6.7S3 Cheese, ctls 161
Onions, gks. ...... 375 Butter, ctls 2S9
Bran, sks 390 Lime, bbls 455
Middlings, sks 6f*> Pelts,; bdls 1G2
Hay. tons. 860 Hides. No... 796
Straw, tons 13'Eggs, doz 6,610
WHEAT-Spot, quiet; Xo. 1 California. 6s
2',id; No. 2 red Western winter. '5s ll%d; Xo.
1 Northern spring, 6a 2V.d. Futures, quiet: De
cember. 5s ll'id; March, 6s '.id.
CORN — Spot American mixed new steady, 4s
l^id; do old firm, 4s 2%d. Futures, quiet; De
cember, 4s 2%d; January, 3s lOlid; March, 3s
9!4d.
LOXDOX. Dec. 13.— Consols,- 97H; silver,
29 13-16d; French rentes, 102f 6c; wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; No. 1 standard
California. 30s; Walla Walla. 2Ss 10V4d; English
country markets steady.
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 13.— Wheat, steady; Xo.
1 standard California, 6s 2d®6s 2»4d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, dull; French coun
try mnrkets, firm: weather In England, rainy.
COTTON— Uplands, o^d.
CLOSING. .
Foreign Markets.
morrow brought about a sharr reaction soon
after noon, with selling for both accounts very
active. Some stiength was ehown and the
bears retreated. The market closed steady in
tone with prices net unchanged to 9 points
higher on the day.
Frances O. Eastman to Elizabeth Bucking
ham, lot on E corner of Seventh avenue and
East Sixteenth street. XE 100 by SE 55. block
84. Clinton; East Oakland; $2a
P. B. »nd Mabel C. Altken to AlamnJa Fuild
lng and Loan Association, all Interest In Jot on
XE/ corner of Fourth and Van Dvke avenue*
E JS.62. X M.45. W 83.32. 9 141.20 to beglnnlr!c'
being a portion of Jots 23 and 14. man of Rlda-^!
wood. East Oakland: $50. P tlla «*-
Mar E. Davis (Roberts) to Mathfas Aaderscn
and Marcus L. Shaug. lot on E corner of East
Sixteenth street and Tenth avenue. SE 90 by
XE 70. block S7. Clinton. East Oakland- $10
Peter and Margretha C Harder to Manuel J
Peters, lot on SW line of First street. 2S> SB
of C. SE 75. FW to XE line lands of Ander
son, thence XW to SW corner lands of Manuel
Martres. thence XE 70.54 to beginning, being a
portion of block 3S. Town of Haywards, Eden
Township: $10.
Peter and Margretha C Harder to Rose T.
Lewis (wife of R. T.V lot on SW line of First
street. 255 SE of C. SE 75. SW S3 to XE line of
lands of Anderson, thence XW to a point
formed by the intersection of Anderson's land
with a line drawn SW and parallel with b
street from point of beginning, thence NTS to
beginning, tx»lne a portion of block 3S. Town
of Haywards 1 . Eden ToTmshir*: $W.
W. L. and Bessie M. Cornell to Mary A.
TVinesteel. lot on W line of MeClnr* street SO
X of Prospect. X 30 by W 104. being the 3 30
feet of lot 11. on map of McClure Academy
grounds. Oakland, subject to mortgage: $10.
Robert" Watsen to Joseph Drinr. lot on S !ln«
of Maud avenue. 415 XE from XW corner lands
of W. S. Bryant and Peter Tealn by deed of
April 2S. 1S75. thence XE 1M:5 by SE 335:9. being
In city of San Leandm. Elen Township; $10.
Frank Joseph to Manuel T. Vtera, lots 22 and
23. block B. Fruit Vale Villa Tract. Brooklyn
Township: $500.
Ottomar and Maria Blaekmann to Ernest L.
Blackman. lots 9 and 12. block 53. Park plac«>,
in subdivision Xo. 1 of Laundry Farm, Brook
lyn Township: $10.
William J. Laymance (single) to Manuel
Vierra. lots 7 and S, block 10. Warner Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Xellle and Frank Madden to Richard and
Amand Wllleke. lot on S line of Sixth street.
i? 0 , E r°« f A - llce> E S by 9 m - be!n sr lot 11.
block 59. Kellersbergers Map. Oakland- $10.
Octave and Amanda Marchand to Fr«d and
Mary Grosshetm. lot on S line- of Parsons
street. 172.25 E of San Pablo avenue. E 50 by
S 100. being lot 7. block A. Parsons Golden
Gate Tract. Oakland: $1500.
Jan« Kelley to Robert L. Agers. lot 29. block
20. Shattuek Tract Map 5. Berkeley: rift. -
Puget Sound Lumber Company fa corpora
tion) to O. W. Fisher, lot on XW corner of
Railroad avenue and St. Charles street. W 23 J
by X 150. Alameda: $10.
John L* and Emma Sllva to Antonio J. Xeto.
lot 35 and S H of lot 38. map of Pearce Tract
Hay wards. Eden Township; $10.
Katherine V. Kllnkner (executrix estate
of Charles A. Kllnkner) to J. S. Hayes, lot S,
block 11. Herzog Tract. Oakland: I1S0.
Willie L. Kaneen to John S. Kaneen. lot on
W line of Alameda street (Twenty-first ave
nue), 77:6 X of Hepburn (East Twenty-first
street). X 50 by W 102:6. Oakland; $5.
William F. Schilling to Frederick W. and
Anna Tapken. lot 124. map of Elmhurst Park
Xo. 2, being a resubdlvislon of the- Rose Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $10.
F. A. Dodge to Marlon B. D-wlght. lots 13. 13
and 20. map of Turnbull Tract, being a sub
division of portion lot 7, Yoakum. Brooklyn
Township: $10.
B. Benedict to A. O. Burns, lot on SW cor
ner of Alameda avenue and Walnut street. W
100 by S 2D0. being lots ! to 11 la E H blocjc E.
map of Pioneer Homestead Association, Ala
meda; $10.
C. G. Raub to M. E. Itaub (wife), lot on SW
corner of Pearl and Ruby streets. "W U5. S» 35.
E 111:04. X 35.16, to beginning, lot M, and X
10 feet of lot 57 on map of the American Invest
ment Union Tract Xo. 1. Oakland: $1.
William Graham to Nicolo Grondona, lnt on
XW line of Forty-ninth street, formerly Birch
and Maple. W 30 by X 100. being the S 100 feet
of lot 56. Temescal Park, Oakland; $10.
William B. Furman to Alexander G. Bell all
Interest In lot 8, block 3, Herzog Tract Oak
land: also the E 10 feet of lot 7. block 3. same.
Oakland: also all interest in estate of Carria
H. Furman. deceased: $10.
John J. and Kate J. Egan to Frank Schmltt.
lot on W line of Ninth street. 150 S of Bristol
S 23 by W 130. lot 19. block 83. on map of Cap
tain Bowen property. Berkeley: 110.
Charles W. Banks to Fannie A. Baker
(Banks) (wife of W. D.), lot on X line of Thlr
ty-eUrhth street. 400 TV of Telegraph avenue. TV
100. X 144:10^. E 100, S 144:10%. to beginning.
being lots 12 and 13, Perrin Tract. Oakland: $1.
Fannie A. and W. D. Baker to Amanda San
ders, same. Oakland: $10.
Frank L. and Marie I. Bateman to Thomas
P. Melghan. lot on W ltn« of Monroe street. 440
S of Webster. S 60 by W 13). block B. Bateman
Tract, map 2, Berkeley; $10.
J. H. and Sarah F. Bennett to Raymond V.
Wilson, lots 1, 2 and 9 *j lot 3. block 22, ma?
of Daley's Scenic Park, Berkeley: $10.
John and Margaret B. Tuohy to Charles H.
Howard, lots 14 and 15, block H on map of
Tuohy's second addition to Berkeley, Oakland
Township; $10.
Anton and Ollvo Christensen to Lena Chrls
tensen. lot on W llr.o of Castro street. 32 3
of Fourth. S 48 by W 70. block 23. Kellersber
ger's map, Oakland; $10.
Eugene and Mary A. Wllcox to Ella M.
Bridenbecker (wife of I. W.), lot on S Una of
of Francisco street. 27«:S E of Grove.
E 45 by S 135, being the E 43 feet of lot 1j.
block B, Janes Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Lynden Reckless to P. A. Jordan, same, to
correct 743 D. 391, Alameda: $10.
Kemie A. Duffey (wife of Thomas, by Jane
G. Powers, attorney) to Edna S. Poulson
(widow), lot on X line of Channing way. 250
E of College avenue. E 50 by X 130. block D.
map of Berkeley property between th» Uni
versity and State Deaf, Dumb and Blind
Asylum. Berkeley; $4500.
Isabella and Slgmond Kanitz (by J. B. Lank
tree, commissioner) to same, lot 49. Map of
Piedmont Tract. Oakland Township; $500.
Carrie A. Dtxon (wife of C. A.) to W. F.
Krell, lot on SW comer of Harper and Woo'isey
streets, W 150 by S 135.5. being lots 1. I and 3.
block 4, on map of Central Park at Alcatraz
station. Berkeley: $10.
J. J. Heim (by J. B. Lanktree. commissioner)
to same, lots 33 and 37, Piedmont Tract, Oak
land Township; $1200.
Susan G. and W. H. Chamberlain to John
McRae. portion of lot 31 in plat 81. Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland Township; $185.
Rasmus H. Albertsen, Herbert P. Riddle and
John Williams, by J. B. Lanktree. commis
sioner) to J. H. T. Watkinson. lot 23. Map of
Piedmont Tract. Oakland Township: $500.
Hugh and Anna S. Hogan to Ella .V. Adams
(wife of F. E>.>. lot on XE line of Ea3t Twenty
sixth street. 227 SE of Thirteenth avenue. NH
140 by SE 45, being the "VV 30 feet of lot S*
and E 1« feet lot 39. on map of Hcjan's yut
dlvlslon block 87. Highland Park. East Oak
land; $2500.
6S8 d 349. lot on E line of Twelfth street, 150
S from S line of lands formerly of Baxter.
E 50, S 120. W to E line of Twelfth street.
X 105.12 to beginning, being a portion of lots
7 and 10. block 21. Eeaudry & Peladeau prop
erty. Oakland: also lots 26. 73. 38. 41 and *2,
block B. amended miD Fairvlew Tract, trus
tee's deed. Oakland Township; $2312.
C E. Palmer and W. H. Friend (trustees
Robert Bishop) to Home Security Building and
Loan Association, all interest in the following:
John and Nellie M. Conley to John McRae.
lot on N line of Twenty-second street, 125 E
of Linden, E 76:8 by N 263:8. being a portion
of block 634, Boardman's map, subject to a
mortgage. Oakland: ilO.
D. R. and Hattle C. Wentworth to Rudolph
Kroll. lot on N line of Delaware street, 75 E
of Fifth. E 25 by X ICO, being a portion of
block 66. Tract B. Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, Berkeley: $10.
Kenneth and Eppa MacKenzie to George R,
Williams, lot 33. on Map of Pacific Theological
Seminary Tract. Oakland; $10.
Conrad F. and Helene Hampel to W. A.
Snow, lot en W line of Valdez street. 100 N nt
Elm (or Twenty-fourth). NE 9*4 Inches. W 15.63.
S 6 Inches. NW 34.37. S .23 of a foot, E 50 to
beginning, Oakland: $10.
W. H. and Bessie M. Cornell to George A.
Gray, lot on W. line of Ellis street. 338:74 N
of Prince, N 37:7H by W 12), being the N hall
of lot 85. block 8, lands Regent Street Home
stead Association. Berkeley; $10.
Ada E. and J. H. Covllle to Noah C. Ken
dall, lota 22 and 23. block 2109. Alden Tract at
Temescal. Oakland; $4W.
Cully, lot on W line of Cottage street, 225 3
of Santa Clara avenue, 9 23 by W 100. lot 17,
Alfred A. W. and Sallie W. Wright to Union
Savings Bank, lot on SW corner of Shattuck
avenue and Essex street. W 112.2, S 100, E 1M.2.
N r 100:2 to beginning, lots 1 and 2. block I.
Newbury Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Rose Armstrong to John L. and Eliza Mc-
Fred Gallln (by Ed Weidler, Constable) to
John Stewart, lot on S line of West Ninth
street, ,114:9% E of Center. E 50 by S 120, be
ing- lot 11. block 562. Oakland; $S&
Harriet W. Clark (widow) to Willis G. Wit
ter, lot oa XE corner of Durant avenue and
Ellsworth street, E 100 by N 120. portion of
lot 8, block 12. map of property of College
Homestead Association. Berkeley; $10.
Rebecca Wurtz (wife of M. L.) to W. A. and
Laura A. Graves, lot 23 and S half of lot 28.
on map of subdivision of lots 12. 13 and 14
and portion of lot 11 of Corrected Map Snyder
Homestead Tract. Berkeley, warranty deed; $10.
Alameda County.
II. F. Hobson to Ovorge Sterling, lot on 9
line of Fortieth street. 850 W o* Telegraph
avenue. W 43 by S 100. being lot 13. block 20SO.
on map of estate of John Evoy, Oakland, quit
claim deed: $10.
Ada I. McMahan (wife of Mabry> to Til!Ie
Clauysen. lot on S line of L street. 57:? K of
Twenty-eighth avenue. K 50 by S 1C0; $10.
Hannah Ji. Jones to John Andrews Jone* Es
tate Company, lot en E line of Forty-ninth
avenue. 100 S of I street. S 300 by E 240 (iult
claim deed); $10.
Citizens' Building and Loan Association to
Eolomon Mitchell, lot on W line of Fifth ave
r.ue. 150 X of D street. X 23 by W 12f>; $10.
Henry C. and Francs McClure to Amelia
M. Petrie (wife of Frank B.). lot on S line of
California street (South or Deeth). 92 E of
Fourth avenue. E 28 by S 100; $10.
and Edward Walter, lot on ME line of Stanley
place. 124:6 SE of Harrison street, SE » Dy
Charles B*. and Mary E. Greene to Alphoni*
J. Mervy. lot on JJW line of De Boom street.
250 SE of Second. XE 25 by NW 80: $10.
Margaret Keane or Kane to James *eaa«.
lot on SW line of Harriet street, 22a SB of
Howard. SE 16:6 by SW 75; gift.
Margaret Keane to same, lot on S 11ns or
Napa street. 60 E of Connecticut. E 50 by ¦
100; rift. ., .
Same to Vincent F. Lovett," lot on E Una or
Connecticut street. 425 S of Napa, S 23 by B
100: grift.
Mabel R. Stoneberger to Anna E. Hentrlch
(wife of L. V. K). lot on VT line of First ave
nue, 150 N of California street, N* 47:8 by W
120: $10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1900
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
THE STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat Xo. 3—
December 70H "OH 70 70H
January 71H 71V» 70*4 70%
May 74 74 73Vi 73%
Corn Xo. 2—
December S7»i 87H 36% S6*i
January 85%, 35"» 35>4 35%
May 36U 36H 35?i S5T4
Oats Xo. 3—
December 21H 21H 21% 21H
May 23vi 23Ti 23H 23Tfc
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 12 20 12 27% 1220 12 25
May 12 12H 12 15 12 12H 12 15
Lard, per 100 rounds —
December 7 37% 7 20 7 17V4 7 20
January 6S5 690 6 85 6 87U
May 8 90 6 95 6 90 6 92^
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January 6 25 6 25 6 22>4 6 25
May 6 22^ 6 35 6 32^ 6 35
This
Last
,fr
I Season.
j
IS.U
6.T9
7.T9
i-;j
€.S0
i-H
8.10
o.fxj
O.i'U
©.00
0.00
O.PO
0.00
6.79
1.73
i.:i
2.51
L2t
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat Xo. 3—
December 70H "OH 70 70H
January 71H 71V» 70*4 70%
May 74 74 73Vi 73%
Corn Xo. 2—
December S7»i 87H 36% S6*i
January 85%, 35"» 35>4 35%
May 36U 36H 35?i S5T4
Oats Xo. 3—
December 21H 21H 21% 21H
May 23vi 23Ti 23H 23Tfc
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 12 20 12 27% 1220 12 25
May 12 12H 12 15 12 12H 12 15
Lard, per 100 rounds —
December 7 37% 7 20 7 17V4 7 20
January 6S5 690 6 85 6 87U
May 8 90 6 95 6 90 6 92^
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January 6 25 6 25 6 22>4 6 25
May 6 22^ 6 35 6 32^ 6 35
This
Last
,fr
I Season.
j
IS.U
6.T9
7.T9
i-;j
€.S0
i-H
8.10
o.fxj
O.i'U
©.00
0.00
O.PO
0.00
6.79
1.73
i.:i
2.51
L2tNotable Fiction Section-
The annual distribution of paintings to
members of the Associates was ,the clos
ing feature of the exhibition. The list of
prize winners follows:
A special feature of the evening was the
first appearance in San Francisco of Mrs,
G. Arnold. Mrs. Arnold has a sweet, rich
soprano voice of admirable quality, high
ly cultivated and used with much free
dom and grace. Her numbers were the
Bruch "Archileus," Becker's "Fruhlings
lled." and "Zauberlied," Meyer-Hel
mund. all of which were enthusiastically
encored.
An exceptionally interesting programme
was rendered, in which the following
named artists took part: Mrs. G. Arnold,
soprano; Reginald Norris, barytone; Ben
jamin Tuttle, violinist; Slgnor P. Deme
trio, contra-baeso virtuoso, and Emil
Cruells, organist and accompanist. The
programme was in charge of Sir Henry
Heyman, who is to be . congratulated on
the success of this and the series of
•concerts which have b«en given through
out the exhibition.
A concert and reception was held last
evening at the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art on the occasion of the closing of the
autumn exhibition.
Interesting Programme at
Mark Hopkins Insti
tute of Art.
END OF AUTUMN
EXHIBITION
The Supervisors' Street Committee rec
ommended the granting of a franchise
to the Market-street Railway . Company
yesterday for a double track road along 1
Tbwnsend and Second streets, from Third
and Townsend to Second and Brannan.
a -distance of two blocks. The intention
is to connect all the lines In that vicinity,
Franchise Granted for Two Blocks.
Goldf n Weet Lodge, I. O. O. F.. had Its
last smoker of the year for the enter
tainment of its gentlemen friends in the
Odd Fellows' building last night. There
were many present who were treated to
a mixed programme of music, 6ong and
story telling, and were furnlnhed pipes
and cigars without stint. alw> light re
freshments. Noble Grand Clarkson Dye
was the master of ceremonies.
Golden West's Smoker.
STOCKTON, Dec. 13.— Judge E. I. Jonea
and Attorney Arthur I* Levlnsky, who
two years ago figured as principals in a
court episode attracting general atten
tion, have again locked horns. At that
time the Kasaon will contest was on Its
first hearing and the court fined the com
bative attorney $10 for a breach of court
room etiquette, but payment was refused,
and the Judge considerately paid the fine
himself. The attorney then returned the
$10 as a private matter and donated an
other half eagle to charity.
The trouble In the present instance
grows out of the same case, which has
been cent back to the local court for a
rehearing. Levinsky wanted a continu
ance until January owing to the absence
of his law partner. Congressman 'Woods,
and thought It had been agreed to by the
Another Disagreement In Kas
son Will Contest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Attorney and Stockton Jurist Have
JONES AND LEVTN"SBT
AGAIN JJOOK HmLNS
Fred Jullerat, living at 65 Hardy street,
an employe of Bradstreet's Commercial
Agenfy, was knocked doivn at the corner
of Seventh and Market streets. In front
of the Odd Fellows' building:, by a Castro
street car about 6:30 o'clock lasf night.
Jullerat attempted to cross in front of the
car and was struck by the footboard on
the side. lie was rendered unconscious,
but revived under treatment at the Re
ceiving Hospital. He was taken there by
J. R. Lyons of 15S8 Sutter street. His in
juries were diagnosed as a concussion of
the brain and a possible fracture of the
skull.
Bookkeeper Badly . Injured by Car.
SHORTAGE OF GRIFFITHS.
Deceased Clerk in Cincinnati Stole
About $130,000.
CINCINNATI. Dec. 13— The Fhortage of
the late George It. Griffiths, who was
clerk of the Board of Kdueatlon for thir
teen years, is generally admitted to be
J130.000. Discrepancies between the an
r.ual reports made to the State School
OommiBPlonrr by the County Auditor and
the reports of receipt* made by Griffith* to
the Board of Education chow an addi
tional shortage of J345.S27. . Whether all
of this latter discrepancy represents
downright stealing or whether there has
been gr^F* rarHessnes* In bookkeeping la
a matter which if now engaging the
earnest attention of expert accounts nt5,
vrho are at work on the formidable array
of books.
Michael G. Mulhall.
LONDON. I>c. 13.— Michael G. Mulhall,
the statistician, is dead. He was born in
1^36.
Michael G. Mullnall founded in 1861 the
Buenos Ayres Standard, the first English
rfally paper printed In South America. He
¦was elected to the committee of the Brit
ish Association In ISS4 and attended the
Anglo-American Scientific Congress, held
In Philadelphia that yrar. His principal
works were "Dictionary of StaMlca."
•'Progress of tb* World" and "Industries
and Wealth of Nations."
Adolph E. Schoeninger.
1/3S ANGELES. Dec. 13.— Adolph K.
Sohoeninjrer. president of the Western
Wheel Company of Chicago, died to-day
after • lingering illness. Tuberculosis was
the cau*e of death. He was 67 years old.
Mr. 6choening«»r came to I>o* Angeles for
hi? health in the latter part of last Oc
tober, but the change of climate was of
little benefit to him. He leaves a wife
and a married daughter.
Sirs. Maria Gale.
PANTA ROSA, Dec 13.-Mrs. Maria
Galf. wife of Otis GaJe, a well known pio
neer, died at her home In this city to
day. Deceased was well known in this
county. She was a native of Indiana.
La Jeunesse Cotillon Club will rive
ItB first' dance of this season this even
ing at Native Sons' Hall. Percy King
will lead the german, and twenty-flve
debutantes will dance in the Arst set. Mrs.
H. E. Huntlngton. Mrs. A. W. Foster,
Mrs. Ira Pierce. Mrs. W. A. McKlttrick,
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins. Mrs. A. H, Voor
hles, Mrs. J. W. McClung and Mrs. Will
iam II. Mills," patronesses of tba club,
will act as a reception committee.
Will Dance To-Nlght.
An unsuccepsful attempt at suicide was
made yesterday by Angelo Pasquallottl,
residing at 2322 Taylor street. The man
walked into a drugstore at 709 Filbert
street and was sold some poisonous drug.
He was removed to the Emergency Hos
pital, where Drs. Putnam and Bauer suc
ceeded in restoring animation. On re
covering, consciousness Pasqualiotti gave
as a reason for his act the »...ah of his
relatives. He could not find work, he said,
and determined to follow his father,
mother, brother, wife and child to the be
yond.
Tries to Follow Bead Friends.
€>dith Sessions CTupper.
EDITH SESSIONS TUP
PEB, is another writer
- ¦ ¦ .
who possesses a marked
talent for short-story writing.
You will find her story of
"Jack Redmond's Christmas"
one that will bring tears at
one instant and then turn
them into smiles in a twink
ling. It is a strong tale of
mining life, and in the com
paratively few words to which
the short story is necessarily
limited the author has suc
ceeded in developing more of
plot and real human interest
than most writers can give in
a whole novel. You will want
to send this edition to your
friends -in the East, for no
paper in the United States can
rival the Christmas Call in the
variety and excellence of its
literary features or in the ar
tistic merit of its illustrations,
although the- price remains the
same. The date of publication
will be December 16, 1900.
Pauline Bradford ftlackie
Photo by Alifiky.
AMONG the many other
attractive features of
this year's Christmas
Call, the notable array of
well-known fiction writers
who have contributed espe
cially for this great edition is
deserving of especial mention.
Pauline Bradford Mackie
needs no introduction. By
her latest book "A Georgian"
Actress," which was published
this season, she has been
placed among the best fiction
writers of the year. She has
written exclusively for the
Christmas Call a short story
of ' remarkable excellence—
"Captain Shrimp." You will
find it one of the best short
stories that you have ever
read. The style is so delicate
and pleasing, the humor bo
quaint, and the little love
story that runs as a golden
thread through this picture of
Pilgrim Days so charming
that "Captain Shrimp" cannot
fail to bring Kiss Mackie
fresh laurels.
The ladlea of St. Alban's Mission will
hold a bazaar, dance and entertainment
this afternoon and evening at Golden
Gate Hall, 625 Sutter street. Many beau
tiful articles will be sold at low prices
and a large portrait of Hon. G. W.
Badger, the superintendent, will be raf
fled. An interesting programme will be
given, including piano selections by Fos
selll. Admission this afternoon ls«frea
and only 10 cents this evening.
St. Alban's Mission Bazaar.
BERKELEY, Dec. 13.— Seta Bte^ra.rt.
the child pianist, gave a recital this even-
Ing in the Town and Gown Club building.
There was a large number of music lovers
present. The gifted child played accept
ably from Beethoven, Paderewskl, Cho
pin, Liszt and others.
The patronesses of the recital were:
Mrs. Benjamin Ide Wheeler, Mrs. Ed
ward Gibbons. Mrs. F. V. Paget. Mrs. iS.
V. Hathaway. Mrs. A. A. Pennoyer, Mrs.
H. P. Thomas, Mrs. F. M. "Wilson, Mra.
G. B. Hatch. Mrs. W. E. Rltter. Mrs.
George W. Haight.
Gifted Child Gives Recital.
SANTA ROSA. D*-c. 11— George Jim,
the risk's Mill Inulan. charged with as
sault with a deadly weapon upon Louis
Johnson, was to-day arraigned before
Judge Burnett. He pleaded not guilty,
end the trial was set for January 3.
Pleads Not Guilty.
COLON, Colombia, via Galveston, Tex.,
Dec. 13.— General I'ribe. after having been
defeated at Corozal, escaped his pursuers.
Half a million dollars has just been
shipped to Europe and New York from
the province of Antloquia, where quiet
lh restored.
Everything points to an early termina
tion of the rebellion.
GENERAL URIBE HAS
ESCAPED HIS PURSUERS
Consuls— Church Howe of Nebraska, at
Sheffield. Kng.; J. C. Ingersoll of Illinois,
at Cartagena. Colombia.
John W. Yerkes o f Kentucky, to be 1
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. (The !
nomination of Mr. Yerkes to be Collector I
of Internal Revenue for the Eighth Dis
trict of Kentucky withdrawn.)
Army— Major Henry C. Ward. Twelfth
Infantry, to be lieutenant colonel; Cap
tain Thomas C. McCaleb. Twenty-third
Infantry, to be major; Captain Thomaa
F. David, Fifth Infantry, to be major;
First Lieutenant J. I* Hlnes, 8econd In
fantry, to be captain; First Lieutenant
G. H. B. Smith, Fourth Infantry, to be
captain; Second Lieutenant G. D. Jarrett,
Twelfth Infantry, to be first lieutenant.
Confirmations: Leslie Combs of Lexing
ton, Ky., pension agent at I»uisville, Ky.
To be members of the Kxecutlve Coun
cil of Porto Rico: Jose Guzman Blnlaz
and Jose Gomez Brios. both of Ponce.
A. n. Blanchard of Louisiana, third sec
retary of the embassy at Paris; P. D.
Cunningham cf Tennessee, to be consult
ing engineer in Boundary Commission
(Mexican).
Juilfpn C Clements of Georgia, to be an
Interstate Commerce Commissioner, re
appolntment.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.— The Pre»ldent
to-day sent the following nominations to
the Senate:
of Internal Revenue.
John W. Yerkes to Be Commissioner
PRESIDENTIAL NOMINATIONS.
The San Francisco Commercial Trav
eler's Association took possession of the
Alcazar Theater last r.icht and enjoyed
a splendid evening's entertainment. The
house was crowded with the members of
the organization and their lady friends.
Tho performances of "Pygmalion and
Galatea" and "Madame Butterfly" were
greatly enjoyed by the drummers, who
forgot for the time being the cares Inci
dent to a life on the road. A handsome
souvenir programme containing pictures
of the officers of the association and other
Interesting matter was distributed. It
contains two poems written by Frank E.
Cordes. entitled "The Weary Draiamer"
and "The Drummer's Dream." . George
Webster's humorous allusions to Charles
Torres, president of the organization, and
other members were received with great
applause.
Travelers at the Alcazar.
Commissioner Wright, who Is assigned
to supervise the establishment of a con-
Ftahulary among other duties, said the es
tablishment of a local police force was u
necessary feature of civil government and
was approved by the Military CJovernor.
An act was also pa.ssed providing for
the retention In office of tne municipal
Councilors elected- under order of the
Military Oovernor. and a general munlcl
paj law was passed. The terms of some
of the Councilors expire in January. The
elections for Councilors are suspended.
Finally a bill was passed directing the
Civil Service Board to examine and re
port on the readjustment of the salaries
of civil employes.
MANILA. Dec. 13.— The Taft Committee
haj» pn_s«»ed an act authorizing General
SiacArthur to establish police in the cit
ies and. towns and appropriating $150,000
for their maintenance.
Chinese Wedding.
Goon Sing and Lucy Le« w lll be mar
ried next Monday night at the Congrega
tional Chinese Mission. 21 Brenham place,
of which they are member?. Rev. Wil
liam C. Pond, pastor of the Bethany Con
gregational Church, will officiate at the
marriage ceremony. Sing han been head
cook In the Pendleton Hotel at 900 Sutter
street for nine years and his? bride is a
native daughter of San Jose.
FORD ASKS TIME
IN RATE CASE
Railroad Commissioners All
at Sea on Santa Fe's
Vexed Question.
The State Board of Railroad Commis
sioners grappled ¦with the perplexing
case of the Los Angeles Traffic Associa
tion against the Santa Fe Company a
greater part of yesterday and when the
board adjourned it was as far from a. set
tlement as when the case was first taken
up. Attorney General Ford had been
asked to render an opinion as to why the
Railroad Commissioners should not pro
ceed to adjust passenger rates over the
Santa Fe lines, but Mr. Ford sent In a
request that he be given more time to re
view the evidence in the case. "I do not
want to jeopardize the interests of the
people in the Fresno rate case now await
ing decision In the Supreme Court," Mr.
Ford says, and he adcPs, "nothing of
greater importance to the State of Cali
fornia in relation to the great problem
of transportation has ever been the sub
ject of Judicial investigation than tha
questions arising out of this case. In
fact, the very life of your body is at
stake and the power of the people through
constitutional and legislative machinery
to control the common carriers of Cali
fornia Is at Issue."
In accordance with Mr. Ford"s request
action In the case was postponed until
an opinion can be prepared.
In the case of the Los Angeles Traffic
Association against th<> Southern Pacific
Auditor's Clerks.
Auditor Wells yesterday appointed C. T.
Pldwell, Charles Adams and Francis
Koley as temporary clerks to make up his
quota of ten to extend the tax rolls. Foley
Is a civil service eligible and has worked
In the ofilce before.
The board voted to change the day of Its
meetings from the second Monday to the
second Tuesday of each month.
for alleged discrimination In freight rates
a continuance was also ordered pending
an opinion from the Attorney General as
to whether or not the complainant has a
cause of action.
1 1 rely new career to women. Woman should
t» nothing lower than the sUter of man. and
man nothing higher than the brother ot
wrman.
• After speaking of the outrages to
which women were subjected during the
St. Louis street car strike the lecturer
concluded with the following remarks rel
ative to the strike question:
The conflict in every gtrlk* is to settle th»
brotherhood of man. The who's cause of an
aichy lies in the discrimination between rich
and poor. The problem that lies before tha
Christian church is to win over the rich. Th»
rest will be simple. la it are they who are
frequently furthest from th« truth. But look
ing forward Into the new century w» can see
breaking a brighter, better dawn than we have
ever known, snd ¦which, when we ¦•• tne
vi rid in its new light, will show ns valleys
flMed In and hills leveled and way made imooth
for a new universal Ufa of peace and rood wilt
emong men of every nation and belief.
opposing attorneys and presumed to b«
tacitly so understood by the court. In
stead the attorneys pressed for a heaxins
and the court refused Levlnsky*s motion.
He then demanded that the case be heard
by another Judge, asserting 1 that Jones
was not in a frame of mind to g\x9 his
client, Mary Mann, an unbiased hearing:.
This moved the court to tears yesterday,
but he stayed with, his opinions.
When the case was called to-day, tha
court asked. "Where i» Mr. Levtnsky?"
"He is In San Francisco before the Su
preme Court asking- for a writ of prohibi
tion to prevent this court trying this
case," answered Mr. Beardslee of the
firm. He then turned and left tha court
room. "Proceed with the caaa," ordered
Judge Jonea. Attorney Thompson re
marked that neither Mary Mann nor any
one representing her was In court.
Judge Jones ordered the bailiff to jro out
into the corridor and shout twice for the
firm of "Woods, Levinnlcy & B#ard>lee;
twice for Mr. "Woods, twice for Mr. Le
vlnsky and twice for Mr. Beardslee. Aft
er the shouting, to which there was no
response. Attorney Thompson made a mo
tion for a nonsuit, which -was granted.
Beardslee then telephoned Levlnsky at
the Supreme Court room In San Francis
co, and the latter, learning of the court's
order, did not press his petition for th«»
writ. He returned this evening: and an
nounced that he will promptly try to
show the court Its error, but he had a pe
culiar twinkle In his eye suggestive of a
lively time when he appears before tha
court to make a motion for a. rehearing.
HELENA. Mont.. Dec. 13.— Coast train
>To. 3. west bound, on the Great Northern
Railway was wrecked at Brockton. 235
mile? ea5t of Havre, early to-day. Three
persons were killed and several slightly
ir.jured. The dead:
MRS. R. C. CAMERON, Indianapolis.
MRS. WATSON, mother of Mrs. Cam
«ron.
INKNOWX RfSSIAN CHTLD.
Slrp. Cameron was thrown through a
wirdow, the Rlass Fevering her Jugular
vein and fhe bled to death. Her mother
and the child were crushed to death.
The accident was caused by the break
ing of a truck ?s the train passed over a
switch. The enjrinf and three cars passed
over the switch in safety and the four
• ars which followed w»-nt down the *-m
!»ankment. The sleepers remained on the
tra«-k. All the injured will recover.
BURLINGTON. Iowa. Dec. 13.-The Chi
cago. Burlington and Qulncy Railway's
fast mail. No. IS, which left Chicago at
S:15 las-t eveniner. was wrecked two miles
w<»t of Kirkwood early to-day. Fireman
Shannon was killed and Engineer Samuel
Do\e was badly hurt. The engine Jumped
the trark and was demolished. Two mail
* ars with their contents were burned.
.The mall clerks w^re not Injured severely.
Three Persons Meet Death in
an Accident on Great
Northern.
OAKLAND. Dec. 13.-Brother Las
cian. one of the best known of the
Christian Brothers of this State
and one of the leading Catholic
educators of th* coaft, is lying se
riously ill at St. Mary's College in this
<*ity. He is suffering from Bright's dis
ease and heart trouble, nnd all hope of his
recovery has been abandoned.
Brother Lasrian Is known all over the
<x>ast. from Vancouver to the Mexican
!ine, for he has been connected with Cath
olic rchoois In many cities on this coast.
The greater part of his life has been piven
to St. Mary's Collece durinR its existence
in Fan Francisco and Inter durinsr its ex
istence in Oakland. He is known as a most
successful Instructor, a careful manager
and one who Inspired the confidence and
respect of the boys under his control. As
n manager .->f students he earned a special
reputation. He always took a preat in
terest In their life outside of th«>ir studies,
particularly in their r.thletic life, and this
harry faculty, coupled with his learnlnp.
made him a preat favorite with his schol
ar*. Many successful business and pro
fessional men in this State owe their start
in life to Brother Lascian.
Brother I^ascian is a native of Ireland, j
where he ¦was born fifty-two years aen. !
His name in the ¦world before he became j
a member of the Christian Brothers was j
John Melody. He has several relatives in j
! : sn Francisco, one of whom is Joseph !
WRECK OF TWO
FAST TRAINS
MacArthur Is Authorized to
Establish Police in
the Towns.
LAWS PASSED BY
TAFT COMMISSION
Melody. Ferg^ant In the San Francisco
! Police Department.
Thirty \ears of Brother Lascian's life
j have iieen privon to the work of the Chris
j tian Brothers, the greater part of which
i has horn on this coast. He was an in
; stru^tor in the Sacred Heart College in
, San F"ranoi«co from 1S7S to 1S83. In the
| latter year he removed to Oakland and
| became the director of St. Joseph's Acad
s fmy in this city, at that time the leading
' school in charge of the Christian Broth
ers on this side of the bav. He remained
; with St. Joseph's Academy until 18S9.
when he joined the faculty of St. Mary's
<"oll»Ke in San Francisco* where he en
tered the commercial department. Later
| ho became prefect of studies In St. Mary's
: Collp«r«*. In lSf.J he became director of St
! Peters School in San Francisco, and in
' IW he returned to St. Mary's College In
'¦ Oakland as prefect of studies. He re-
I mained with St. Mary's until last spring.
j when he opened a school In Santa Cruz.
I His health lieeran to fall and his duties at
Santa Clara were too arduous, so he was
I transferred to Vancouver as director of
St. James College in that city. He re
' mained there about three months, his
• health falling during that time. Last Sun
day he returned to tt. Mary's College In
this city, feeling that his end was near
| and desiring to spend his last days with
those with whom he had spent the best
years of his life. His failure was rapid,
and it was not expected that he would live
through last night. Death may come at
any time.
SOME OF THE REASONS WHY
MARK THALL HAS TROUBLES
AND IS SAD.
BROTHER LASCIAN. HE IS KNOWN ALT, OVER THE PACIFIC COAST
FOR HIS WORK. IN THE CAUSE OF EDUCATION, AND NOW LIES
ON HIS DEATHBED.
FRIENDS of Mark Thall of the Al
cazar may have noticed recently
that he has a preoccupied, dis
turbed, distressed" look in his
eyes. He starts nervously at in
terrupting voices and it is not unlikely
that if one were to whisper "pawnbroker"
in his ear he would be driven into a fit.
Mark has troubles. Some time ago one
of his friends, Louis Jenness, came to
him with a story — one of the hard luck
variety which is never told to a police
man.
Jenncss had been the happy possessor of
a superb diamond, the gift of a very dear
friend. He prized his spark not alone tor
its intrinsic value, but for the associa
tions which gleamed in its many tires.
But the spark had to go and one day it
cast reflected regrets from the shew win
dow of a Market-street pawnbroker. It
was earning $4 a month for its new custo
dian.
Jenness thought long and earnestly and
finally asked T..all to redeem the diamond
and keep it until the Jenness treasury was
able to bring it back to the Jenness lin
ger. Mark was kind. He redeemed the
diamond an! without inspecting it placed
it in one of the slrorg b?xes of the Al
cazar safo. Tim*- passed anil the Jenness
treasury iang j.siv.ri. but yesterday '1 hall
was ask-Hi ... g.v* tack the diamond.
Jenness rad found a purchaser. Tnall
dived deep into the strong box and fished
out the spark. Smilingly he handed it to
Jenness. The latter looked at it and
gasped: "That's not my spark.* The
pawnbroker has substituted a bogus dia
mond."
Then there was war. Thall and Jenness
and the prospective purchaser swooped
down on the pawnbroker. Everybody
talked at once and nobody got satisfaction.
Everybody called everybody else names
and thu argument is still in progress. And
that is why Mark Thall is sad. He
swears that all the friends in creation
won't persuade him again to become cus
todian for the best spark in the world.
He TZj&11@-vqb a. Friend in. Dire XTeed., Does
Business /Witli His Grasping "Unole" and
I^edeems a. Paste Jewel for a Sparkler.
MARK THALL PLAYS GOOD SAMARITAN
AND GROWS SAD OVER A VALUABLE
GEM THAT IS STRANGELY HOODOOED
March, "Harvard Students" (Ramsdell);
prayer. Rev. . J. O. Corliss; intermezzo,
••Salome" (Loralne); remarks by the dean.
Dr. James W. Ward; selection. "The Fortune
Teller" (Victor Herbert); conferring of degrees,
Dr George H. Palmer, president; waltz, "Tha
Monks of Malabar" (L. Englander): valedictory
address, Hon. Henry A, Melvin; characteristic,
••Dawn of Love" (C. J. Gebest); awarding of.
prizes; benediction. Muslo by Xoah Brandt's
cicbestra.
Following are the ladles and gentlemen
of the graduating class of 1900:
Abel Landers Gregory, Austin Texas: Mrs.
R. May Mlnaker. Vallejo, Cal. ; Charles Stock-
Ctle Orr, B. S., Yreka, Cal.; Mary Whiting
Palmer, San Francisco; Richard Frank Tom
hnson, Santa Barbara. Cal.
The eighteenth annual commencement
of the Hahnemann Hospital College of.
San Francisco was held last night in Na
tive Sons' Hall. Three young men and two
young women received graduating honors
In the presence of friends who crowded
the hall. The auditorium and stage were
beautifully adorned with flowers and
ferns. The exercises were of exceptional
excellence, the following programme be
ing rendered:
Graduating Exercises of the
Hahnemann Hospital
College.
YOUNG PHYSICIANS
RECEIVE DEGREES
BISHOP J. W. HAMILTON of- the
Methodist denomination deliv
ered a masterly lecture on "The
Achievements of the Closing
Century" at the Central Meth
odist Church last night. The lecture con
sisted of a scholarly review of the frreat
reform movements which have marked
the century; notably *the woman's rights
agitation and the emancipation of slaves.
Dr. Hamilton in speaking of strikes spoke
of the .church's mission in reconciling
poor to rich and advocated Christian so
cialism as a remedy for much that has
puzzled sociological students. The lec
turer quoted Thoreau as saying that time
was a river in which men fished, and from
this figure drew an inference that in the
ocean of the centuries only the larger in
habitants were captured. Continuing, he
spoke In part as follows:
Centuries fee<l on great events and reject the
small ones. Small things are forgotten la
treat ones, and we sum up a hundred y?ars
to single out the great events which are to
be remembered. It is more the achievements
•which are of the mind and the heart which
are to be marked in the course of a hundred
years. We are to see preshadoired In the be
ginning of the century the great rush of events
•which is to signalize the end. At the ban
ning of the century one throb of human im
pulse brought together in cur country a move
rr.tnt that threw the Jew Into contact with the
Greek, which brought all Christians together
iiuder one form of creed and formed a founda
tion for a great structure of reform.
Beginning with the Missouri compromise
came the second chapter nt the century, which
¦was to witness one of the greatest humanitar
ian movements in the history of the world, the
emancipation of the slave, a movement which
was to occupy the energies of the greatest and
brst minds of the century, and this brings us
to the statesmen who etand out in a hui>dred
years of history.
Of statesmen, a man most distinguished of
them all— godlike— is Daniel Webster. Cal
lioun. Clay and Henry are three added names
which make up the great American four.
In Seneca Falls in IMS was born a humble
movement, which rose from the sneering title
of "feminine fad" to the proud condition of a
Fenate-swaylng question. I refer to the eman
cipation of women. It permeated all our re-
I'.pious as well as political thought. But -you
reed not go back fifty years to realize that
there are to-day many women who have not
realized the New Testament revelation con
cerning women.
You no more thought of a woman lawyer
twenty years ago than you did of a woman
Iliysician. As for a woman preacher. th»
thins was foreign to our thought. We thought
that if Ood was to let a woman preach the
vhole machinery would go to ruin.
I want to say that from 1850 to 1S75 there was
accomplished a revolution which gave an en-
Prelate of the Methodist Episcopal Church
Finds Origin of Great Reform Movements
in Hundred Years of Civilization's Record.
PASSING CENTURY IS ONE
OF VAST HISTORICAL IMPORT,
SAYS BISHOP J. W. HAMILTON
Brother Lascian, One of the Leading Chris
tian Educators of the Pacific Coast, Dying
of Bright's Disease at St. Mary's College.
LIFE SPENT IN NOBLE EFFORT
FOR BETTERMENT OF MANKIND
IS NEARING ITS CONCLUSION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1 900.
BISHOP J. W. HAMILTON. A
LECTURER OF GREAT ABIL
ITY AND RESEARCH.
9
THE DAY'S DEAD.
No. ARTISTS. I Prize Winners.
1 Lydla F. Glhon....|R. Day.
2 Kate H. Manor.... E. \V. Currier.
3 Maren M. Froelich C. E. Orunsky.
4 Thomas Hill H. Payot.
6 T. Komatsu Alfred Esbersr.
' 6 M. DeN. Morjcan.. M. Ansbro.
7 Lucia Wores Mrs. F. Williams.
8 L. P. Latlmer Willis E. Davis.
9 Annie L.. Harmon. I>r. Russell CooU
10 P'llne A. Dworzek. William Wolff.
11 Oscar Kunath E. B. Heald.
12 John M. Gamble.. Mrs. J. J. Shlman.
13 H. J. firewer Mrs. H. E. Huntln«rton
14 J'sphlne C. EcWer. Mrs. M. P. Hannlgan.
13 Alice B. Chtttenden Mrs. Margaret Irvin*;.
16 Fannie S. Campbell Reuben W. Hills.
17 Frances L. Sl»;eth. James D. Phelan,
18 Eda Smitten Mrs. Irving F. Moulton
19 Lioulge Defrasse.... J. M. Gamble.
20 Martha I.- Johnson Mrs. W. S. Leaka.
21 E. W. Currier Miss J. C Eckler.
22 Clara E. Curtt* Mrs. M. K. Landers.
23 J'ep'no B, Copwell Edward Bosqul.
2k A. F. BrlgRO Miss Lucia Wores.
25 H. Blatchiy Mrs. Frank II. Powers
No. ARTISTS. I Prize Winners.
1 Lydla F. Glhon....|R. Day.
2 Kate H. Manor.... E. \V. Currier.
3 Maren M. Froelich C. E. Orunsky.
4 Thomas Hill H. Payot.
6 T. Komatsu Alfred Esbersr.
' 6 M. DeN. Morjcan.. M. Ansbro.
7 Lucia Wores Mrs. F. Williams.
8 L. P. Latlmer Willis E. Davis.
9 Annie L.. Harmon. I>r. Russell CooU
10 P'llne A. Dworzek. William Wolff.
11 Oscar Kunath E. B. Heald.
12 John M. Gamble.. Mrs. J. J. Shlman.
13 H. J. firewer Mrs. H. E. Huntln«rton
14 J'sphlne C. EcWer. Mrs. M. P. Hannlgan.
13 Alice B. Chtttenden Mrs. Margaret Irvin*;.
16 Fannie S. Campbell Reuben W. Hills.
17 Frances L. Sl»;eth. James D. Phelan,
18 Eda Smitten Mrs. Irving F. Moulton
19 Lioulge Defrasse.... J. M. Gamble.
20 Martha I.- Johnson Mrs. W. S. Leaka.
21 E. W. Currier Miss J. C Eckler.
22 Clara E. Curtt* Mrs. M. K. Landers.
23 J'ep'no B, Copwell Edward Bosqul.
2k A. F. BrlgRO Miss Lucia Wores.
25 H. Blatchiy Mrs. Frank II. Powers
Get the Ch^strnas CaTT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free to the
Ruptured
Dr. W. S. Rice, the Well Known Au-
thority, Sends a Trial of His Fa-
mous Method Free to All.
Tb«re are people who have b««a torturing
themselves for years with truMe*. It la hoped
their attention will be drawn to Dr. Rio#'» {x*%
. DR. B. wat.t.
offer- An elderly and retired shTBlataa. Dr. S.
Ball, ot Marlon. Ala., is on* of the aandreda
attracted to this generous announcement and
as a result he is now completely ourod of a
bad ruptur* which was vary hard to hold. Al-
though 72 years of as«, he had th« coarm««
and determination to try this new aad novel
method and now ho Uvea in peace, content-
ment and security. Dr. Ball look* back to th«
old days of crude methods and in comparison
halls the wonderful method of Dr. Rice aa a
marvelous God-»end to the present generations.
By all means write at once to I>r. W. 8. Rloe,
41S S. Main st.. Adams, N. T., and he will send
you a free trial of h's remarkable home cur»
for rupture. There is no pain, daarer. opera- -
tlon or an hour's loss of tlma and by startla*
now you wlll be sound and well by earty spring.
©VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MM
MOKMON' BISHOP'S PILLS
have been la use over fifty
years by the leaders of th«
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively earn ti»
worst eases to old aad rounc
•riitnir from effscts of saif-
abuse, dissipation, czosaaas or
cigarette-smoking. Cures bost
Manhood. Impotency. . Lo«l
Power. Nicot Losses, latom-
nla. Pains In Back. EMI Desires. Lam* Baek.
Nervous Debility. Headache. LnStness to Mar-
ry, Loss ol Semen, VarlcoceJe or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne *3 * M r»ous T wltehlac
of Eyelids. Effects i^, Ji«a r e Immediate.
Impart vlior and ** ej¥IO DottBcy to «Tery
function. Don't get despondent: a cm* u at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped arraaa.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers: too a
box: • for S3 U by mall. A written gtiaranto* to
tnr« or money refunded with I boxes. Circular*
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Cilia
st. Baa Francisco. CaL. GRANT DRUO CO..
M 'and 10 Third st.
Jvisj? DR. JORDAN'S orcat j
\ MUSEUM OF ANATOMY#
f 9 lcniusxiTR.ui.to.Ta.E.y.cu.i
T CT The L«fje»tAMto«ical Museum talbe \
m i'.JVj., Wmd we&kaene* of aay cnauscied A
V 45s 33S d»MM »ei»**»»»lT «mmri by thm atdau Y
9 1 53 Ht hpofMiUt oa Uk. Com*. Esc ]6 you* •
& 4§ff i "** JCflWUf-PRIYATE DISEASES $
\ ytCflfiS tomulutlon frei tnd strict]/ prtrua \
M I K*W II Tr»«mient peuon«liy m bv letter. A Q
T B TQ« "— • — r— in irirFnisimiliiMtss ?
iHJ as, w nte foe Book. pstiL««oravtf a
™" 3 )1* MAMSslAGK. MAIUD raXS. JA™
A fl IL ' *a)«sM« book fo« mra > \
? j>*\/fo^M e* CO^C^MartatSt^a ». f
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD UBB DAMIANA BXTTEBS, THE
great Mexican remedy; pvn health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 123 JtaxistTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1900.
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BCSINITSS OFFICE of The Eaa. Frandaoo
Call, corner of Market aad Third »treeta: open
ur.tll U o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFTICES-^T Montgomery •trect.
corner Clay; oren until »:30 p. m.
JCO 7Icy«B street; open until >:39 p. m.
CSS McAHteter street; open until 8:80 p. m.
c:5 I^rkln street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
I'll Mission r-trect: cpsn until 10 p. m.
I2C1 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth: open
t:rit'.l 9 p. m.
UN Ovrr.th street: cpen until » p. m.
I 1 ** Valencia street: cper. until J p. m.
Northwest oomer Twenty-second and K*o-
tucky street*: open until » p. m.
SIEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commaadery No. 1. K. .=.
T.. t Pc*t street— Regular assembly < £2^
THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. All FJ
fraters courteously Invited. By order cy
cf th» Commander. *
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
GULDEN Gate Lodge No. 30. F. und A. B
M.— Called meeting THIS (FRIDAY) _«\_
KVENING at 7:30 o'clock, in Chapter jLJX.
Ha".l. D. S. By order of W. M. '»i
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
FAFT Grands' Association. I. O. <££*&>
r. of ?ar. Francisco, will ~£?2Z*k£ :
meet THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN-
ING. at Odd Fellow «' Hall. All "i""-
Past Oranda cordial! y Invited to attend.
Chertrr rr.emberrhjj-" roll wl!l be closed this
evening. F. L TURPIN, Chairman.
JNO. EDWARDS. Secretary.
EARGEST Lodge No. TCS. I. O.
F. — Gran". Master W. V.*. ¦^J'2j2[5SSc
WATSON will ray us an official -J^SsftgT
vif!t THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- "W» w
ING. Visiting brothers cordially welcomed.
CHAS. E. COX, N. G.
OEO. \r. DIXON. Sec}-.
BAN FRANCISCO Lodce No. 4. A. O. j*O)>
U. W.— Funeral notice: Members otzrifyz
cur lodge will attend the funeral oftijfi*^
rut late brother. MORRIS FEIN- «5.^
TL'CH. THIS t'AY from his late residence.
ICIS gutter St., at 2 r- m.
JACOB LYONS, Recorder.
CHE annual meeting cf the stockholders >:f the
Nevada National Bar.k of Fan Francisca. Cal..
will t.e held at Its banking house. 301 Mont-
fomery *t.. ban Francisco. Cal., on TUES-
I>AY. January t, 1901. at 3:15 o'clock p. m. t
fcr the election ci directors to serve for the
<-r.su!r.g year and the transaction of guch
ir.g. GEO. GRANT. Cashier.
Pin FmnclFcn. December 8. l?00.
AGENTS WANTED.
fCOO TO J5PC per mT.th: men or women: salary
or c^mrnlFsiori. PT7 Market St., room 615.
ASPHALTIM ROOKING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
rairr-rt; j*>«tal. mS Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
I>R. C. TOrFETT TAYLOR. Scientific Astrolo-
ger— Free copy "The New Moon." 765 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
K. W. KINO. 9Z7 Market St.. 6th floor, room €27
— Estate*, dain&ge?. attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all cases; fair fee; no advance
charge?; loar.s on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
r.o fee "withcnjt Fuccfss: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at !aw. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
1. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market fts. ; phone Red £.162.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. ?:: Market st.. ©pp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
V.ft ft.: consultation free; no fees ln advance.'
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. IS padres, nent to ar.y address ln th*
H\TI1 CABINETS.
ROBINSON. Niagara, Perfection and others. W.
fv BROWN' ro.. agency. «;« Ellig st.. S. F.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
BICYCLES at reduced prices: we we clearing
rvut our 1*10 models to make room for new
ir-01 «ock. Ypserr.ite Cycle Works, loll Market.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY who has & sunny flat would like come
>-hl!gr«-ii to board. Cail 452 Clipper ft.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— J123C — CORNER groeo-ry and bar. one block
south of McAllister St.: rent MS: 4^ y«-.irs
lease: stock will invoice the price; a ifood-
paylng buiine** anJ established many years.
<'a.Il R. G. WILKE. 1CU Keamy st-
A— M5T*': saloon: estaii. 20 years: close to Chron-
icle bldg.: stock will invoice the price; lease;
place known as one of the best-paying resorts
in thlf c'.ty. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
f-.i6-COR.NER saloon on Davis Ft.: co Sunday
or night work: rent $50; a. flrst-claes payins
I-ropoEiilon. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 26Va
Kearayt ft.
fjCO— FOR sale— Saloon, one block north of
Market ft. : under present ownership over a
dozen years; reasonable rent; examine stock;
rare chance. Particulars K. G. WILKE. 2«->»
Keexr.y gt.
A— Jf*); CORNER ealoon on Jackson Bt.; rent
IIP : kept by present owner 7 years: good busi-
ness; clearing $I£J per month. R. G. WILKE.
2CH Kearny et.
A-$7'.0; ONE-HALF Interest '.n good raying
restaurant on Kearny et.; a first-class prop-
osition for the right party. K.. G. WILKE,
L€H Keamy st.
j<— 112*0; BAKERY, corner, ln Western Add.;
<ftab. many years; 4 horses, wagon, etc.; bak-
ing 4 barrels per day; S living room*, bith;
rent 150; 5 years' lease; death of owner cause
of sale. R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny et.
A HALF-INTEREST ln an old established
3a.ur.dry; horee and wagon; price $J00; a first-
class paying business; or will sell one-third
Interest at the same price and Invest the
money for machinery- Call It. G. WILKE,
Ifi't Kearny et.
J25C 1 — GOOD raying restaurant: a sacrifice;
worth double the amount; sickness cause of
pale. FLORES CO.. 1016 Market st.. rm. 10.
CORNER grocery etore for rent, J25: formerly
9<X>; big city, country trade. LAYMANCE.
400 Eighth st.. Oakland.
JO— FRENCH laundry, with all tools neces-
tary: doing fine busln-»ff. EASILE. 3 Eddy «t.
If you want to buy. sell or exchange anything
en earth see E. J. LUNDIN. 935 Market_»t.
WANTED— A pood energetic business man
with $1500. to buy half-interest ln a fine
novelty patent, with the exclusive sale right
of the Vrlt<»<J States and Canada; patent at
.office. 21% Saniome ex..
A COAL, hay and buFineEs; established
over 15 years; one of the best locations in the
city; paying now over *7 per day net. For
particulars call or auoress M. F. THOMP-
SON, room 2J0. Fafe Deposit building.
ROQfr-GROCEBY and bar; rent SCO for store
and € room* upptairs: !eaj»e if desired. WICH-
MAX. Ll'TGEN & CO.. 2 IS Clay st.
A— PLAY THE RACE?—
20 to CO per cent profit monthly en our new
fyFtem: rail investigate. N. S. HAND &
«'O.. expert handlrapperis. suit 12. 34 Kearny.
WANTED— A man as partner with $500 to as-
sist Incorporate a mining company. Box 710.
Call office.
jy.0-PAIiTNER wanted in well-paying restau-
rant. Particular* inquire at 1067 Market, up-
fts-irs.. ln photo gallery: atrenta avoided.
J*00— CORNER grocery and bar; good business;
large stock; fine fixtures; cause sickness. Ad-
dress bcx 7IS. Call office.
RESTAl.'RANT for sa>. with lease; good pay-
lns business; safe, cash register, etc.; open
for inspection. 12S Ellis ft.
TWO-CHAIR 5c barber shop cheap at 936V4
Howard st. Inquire at lo; Langton at., after
t p. m.
EXPRESS cr sr.Ipplr.g office to let at £2 Steuart
street.
5200— LONG established restaurant; must be
eold next 3 days. «S2 Geary et.
jirtwfiTATIONERY. clean etock and fixtures'
good holiday trade*. Address box M2. Call.
CANDY, ice cream, cigar and stationer}- store-
laundry offlce. C<i2 Post, cr. Taylor; no agents.
A BAKERY, dflicateasen and confectionery
Ftorr; KOO. S4S Howard et.
FOR sale— An old established bakery, wagon
«r.d two horses. Apply SS3 Bryant Bt.
FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale; on account of
«:fr«th; H»a. Call 22 Fell st.
HN'E reetaurant: central location: big bus. bon-
ton: cheap rent; paying. S27 Market, r. 6:5.
YOUNG man war.tc lady or gentleman partner-
K00: legitimate business. Box 238. Call office
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at liftt
Valencia «t.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
CLUMBU8 BUGGT CO., clearance eale; low-
wtieel, rubber-tire road wagon, ?S0; other
*:y!»s at proportionately low pricet; suitable
. .-- "-«« presents. Ms rkt. nr. Sth.. opp. Et. Nlch.
> 1-L kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAJJ A SON. 2117 Mission «t.
AN A No. 1 exprecs wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for eale cheap. 532 Mission.
ICEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts It. har-
neaa, work A driving hones. 15th & Valencia.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN. 71» Market, nr. Call bldg.
7b rooms, dear* $175. line location $2»<0
7 rooms, central, rent $30. bargain 175
E« rooms, elegant furniture, two en-
trances, a first -class transient house.... 3000
14 rooms, sickness, rent $33. snap 500
23 rooms, offices, new furniture, rent only
$75; A No. 1 location; worthfclCDO 1300
SS rms.. rent $115. new house, new furn.. W00
12 room*, rent $45. fine furniture, pood
carpets, house always rull. good location 750
54 rooms, put J1S3 ln bank in November.. 2300
16 rooms, N. of Mkt.. rent $05. clears $64. SOT
CO rooms, rent $100. guaranteed full 3200
Co rooms, reduced from $5000, owner sick. 250J
MONEY loaned on lodging-houses. 1% p. C. :
anything you want in lodging-bouses; B'mpls:
27 rooms; on Powell st. ; rent $175; price.. $1900
14 room6j on Leavenworth; rent S125; price 1900
16 rooms; on sunny side; rent $25; price.. 750
' rooms; on Geary «t. ; rent $40; price 450
Good paying restaurant, near Hall of Justice,
for sale or exchange for lodging-house; 17
rooms in center of Oakland, with frcnt block,
lawn, palms, flowers, roses, no work, full of
teachers, income 185, price $1300, half each,
rent $32: a J4."d Diano for T-OQ.
For quick tales list your houses with A. L.
WILLEY. S16 Market 6t.; phone Black 5215.
i A-22-ROOM house: central $1000
j 20-room house; flrst-class 10-"0
I 11-room house; {475: 6-rooin flat 323
I0-room hou?e; Eddy; rent $75; only 900
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
SNAP— 11 rooms, furnished; clears $25 per mo.;
I only S12S. FISHER & CO.. 10S2 Market at.
¦ CO ROOMS: rent $150 $2200
12 rooms; nicely furnished 90C
100 rooms; elegant furniture 6000
Will loan from J1P0 up at 1H per cent.
F>AVIS & RIVES, r. 6?. 91S Mkt at.
SriRITUALISai.
I MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world renowned spirit-
ual medium: advlc* in all affairs of life. !aw-
tults, divorces, deaths; unites the separated; i
| mining a rpecialty; clrs. Sun., Wed., Frl.eVs; .
I come end be convinced. Permanently located
£13 Eddy ft., bet. Hyde ar.d Larkin; no sign.
I THE weil-kr.ovrn medium, MISS CHURCHILL^
| :rom St. Paul. Is here; spiritual readings on
I all afTalrs cf life: answers all questions; also
j ty mall; price SI. 1033 Market st.
! MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test, business rae-
i dlum ar.d life reador; alao medical clairvoy-
ant; treats all diseases at offlce or by letter;
Fittings. Jl. 1164 O'Farrell St.; take Ellis car.
ELPIE Reynolds, removed to 330 Ellis St. Ma-
terializing Feance Friday evening; SO cents.
MRS. HARLAND'S test circle to-n!srht; also
Sun. eve.. 10c: ppirit prophecies dally. 14S 6th.
* I
ARNOLD & DICKSON; tefts to al! to-night;
also Sunday; 3 and S p. m. ; 10c. 30 McAllister.
EARLE. 305 Taylor Ft., corner Ellis— Sittings
dally; seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
MRS. KOTTER'S circle to-night. 10c; sittings
daily; ladies EOc; gents $1. S4 Sixth St., r. 15. !
C. Mayo-Fteers, 112Vi Oak, spiritual medium;
readings. Jl; hours 1-5 p. m.; tel. Howard 527.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
FRIENDSHIP Hali. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer. Pitting?; convincing tests to-night; 10c.
CL A lit V O Y ANTS.
CONSULT SANDERS for health and fortune.
Consult SAXDEUS for spiritual development.
Consult SANDERS for wedded bliss.
Consult SANDERS for Biblical Interpretation.
Consult SANDERS for lucky days & numbers.
Consult SANDERS for lost property.
Consult SANDERS on all love affairs.
Consult SANDERS and learn what to do.
Consult PANDERS for Immediate good luck.
Consult SANDERS regarding oil and mining.
Circles Thursdays. 2 p. m. and
Fridays at 8 p. m.. 25c
Consult SANDERS daily at 514 Taylor st.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance j
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 ,
end I*: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction j
guaranteed by maiL Send stamp for pamph-
let with special terms.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight: j
ciapnosos disease with life reading: ladies 60c.
gents SI: palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk. |
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice j
given ln all affairs of life; satiffactlon guar- >
ant>:eJ: 25c ud. 17 Third St.. next Examiner. |
1SMAU. the KsyfUan gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp.
Cth: rrirat* readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
dium; S<- up F23 Mission et., nr. <th; ring bell. ,
MME. SYBILLE. 514 O'Farrell; reads life: fu- j
ture hufband's photo; S to 12 a.' m.: ladles 2*iC. !
! MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa- }
; ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken. 1
'¦ MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm- j
| 1st and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st. I
i PALMISTRY, card reading; articles read clair- I
voyantly gratis. 732 Eddy, nr. Polk, no 6lgn. j
I MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past, j
I jTesmT. future; 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 14. :
! MME. H'XMfTH. card reader. a*trologlst—
Lad!e5. ?"e: German spoken. S3S Mission Et. j
MME. AT'GT'PT. clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission.
I GYPSY; genuine clairvoyant: located 10 days 114
Turk St.; ladies. 2:>c; gents, f.0c. "Frawley."
MME. SCHAFTER. clairvoyant, card reader;
tlttineF daily. 44Sli JefMe st.
| MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
: medium. 215 Kearny sL. rooms S-10. j
! MME. RAVENNA read* life fluently; business j
advlfe: names given: 25c up. S Fourth st. j
I CAR-PET BEATING AND CLEANING.
I WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
' rend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat- j
; ir.g Works. S53-357 Tehama Bt. ; tel. South 40.
; STANDARD. 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan- i
kets renovated. ICc per pair: carpets cleaned. |
i 3c yd: laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106. i
i CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at 5c.
I STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 344.
I J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Missicn 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. SS-40 ith Bt. ; tel. South 250.
' ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3S4. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
I CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 233 Golden '
! Gate ave.: telephone East 116.
I - I
; CHIROPODISTS.
j CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chil- j
j blnin^: pa!nl*as cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter. '
i . — ;
COLLECTION OFFICES.
! GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
lea» Kuccssful. Koom 310. S27 Market at.
DENTISTS.
i AT^heELECTIiO-DENTAL CLINIcTlos'ilar- \
ket ot.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can j
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth i
without plates our specialty; gold crowns, ,
|3 M up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2 I
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager, j
j A — DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all j
' platee, crowns and bridgowork. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted ,
for tfl years; crowns. $3 GO; fillings. f.Oc; plates, j
15. full set; al! work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth Ft.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
chear*.«t and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 29 O'Farrell st. |
"MAIN Offlce" New York Dental Parlors. 1019
Market et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge 'for extracting when plates ara
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting. EOc; gas given.
MODERN DENTAL PARLORS, 1206 Market
et.; expert extracting, crown and bridge work.
A. L. SIMPSON. P. D. S.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate.- — DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk Bt. •
DEPILATORY.
O. C. C. — A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing euperfluous hair; will not irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skln:a?ents
¦wanted. Ontario Ch»m. Co.. ag'cy. 426 Ellis.
DRESSM A KBHg AND SEAMSTRESSES
MtDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. 1013 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moflatt.
DRESSMAKING: reasonable prices; dresses
made over; perfect fit. 3S7 Geary st. ¦ /
EDtJCATIO N A L.
GALLAGHER-MA RS^Tcoiiege, Parrott Bldg!—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
<;el!agh»r, expert court reporter, teacher of
fhorthand; rcportoria! phrasing taught: prac-
_ tlcal bookkeeping; full course, $50; catalogue.
ATTENTION!— Tarr's pupils thorough, book-
keeplng figures; short time; college graduates I
perfected; expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid. j
VISITING governess; English branches, piano I
and bookkeeping; EOc a lesson. Box 747, CalL I
EDUCATIONAL.
HTEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. j« ro«t »t..
S. F. — Bookkeerlng. shorthand, t ,'ng, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English lira 1 -_'.iee, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, eto. ; day
and night sessions; new S3- page catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market Bt. ; day
and evening; individual instruction, $3 per
month; Ufa scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, e>tc. ; catalogue free.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
XESS COLLEGE. 12?6 Market St.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEX SCHOOL. S33 Market.
TEACHERS' Agency, A. McNeill. Mgr.. r. 31
Flood bldg. ; high school, grammar, private
teachers.
MUXSON, School Shorthand, Typing, Bookkeep-
Ing. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
LEARN German ln three months; $5 per
month. Y. M. C. A. building, 6th floor.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio.
violin, guitar, mandolin, bar.jo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— FARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission.nr. Sth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; e&tab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post Bt. ; near Powell ; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. ; est.
1870; practical recommend: try them: removed
to 419 Devlsadero: tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 526 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hj-de 2191.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California: phone James £G01.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese, employment of-
flce; nil kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
ORPHEUM Emplyoment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes a po-
sition as housekeeper in a family of adults;
good plain cook; wages J10 to $12. Addres3
D., Call branch office, 300 Hayes st.
YOUNG woman desires permanent home in
this city; willing to give llnht service; la
neat and refined, but has loet her hearing; no
fmall children. Box 746. Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class cut-
ter and fitter; go out by the day; make a
suit ln one <!ay. J532 Polk st.
SWEDISH first class cook desires situation:
many years' experience; wages JSO. Address
box 731. Call office.
STRONG woman to do work by day; washing.
Ironing and housecleanlng: $1 per day and
carfare. Cnll or address 731 Folsom st.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wishes place to
do light housework: Is a competent house-
keeper. Adilrees 136 Fifth Bt., between How-
ard and Mission.
YOUNG married German woman wishes a sit-
uation in a nice rrlvate family to work 6
or 8 hours a day. Box 734. Call offlce.
ELDEKLY lady wishes a situation to assist
in light housework; email wages. 11 Eddy
et., room 4.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes place: general
housework: good references. 316H Rltch St..
between Brannan and Townsend.
WAITRESS, first class, wants position: three
years ln last place: selling out cause of leav-
lns. Address box 72S. Call offlce.
YOUNG girl wishes a place for second work.
Call at 709 Jackson St., Oakland: no postals.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 2M rooms; 25c to $150 night. $1 50 to $6
w«k: convenient oj-.d respectable; fre« 'bus
nx.d baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10&
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE*
RELIABLE man wants position ln private
family; understands, care of hors<*s; good
» driver; can milk and do general work; goo.}
references. Address box 754, Call.
SITUATION wanted by your.g man as watch-
maker ar.d assistant salesman; good refer-
ences. Box 74S. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position as bar-
tender; is good all-around man; city or coun-
try. Box 755, Call.
YOUNG man wtnts a situation »• any kind of
¦work; wages no object. Address i\ B., 915v»
Market st.
WANTED— By a trained nurse (2C). a position
as attendant to Invalid to the 1st of Janu-
' ary. 1901. I3ox 147. Call office.
BY competent male stenographer of M; one
year's experlenc«; has knowledge of book-
keeping; mo'lerals salary; references. Box
742, Call offlce. *
EXPERIENCED floor walker of good address
wishes a position during the holidays; can
clerk ln gents' furnishing department. Box
744. Call office.
SITUATION wanted in a private place: under-
stand the care of garden, horses and cows;
$20. J. W. LOTHROP. 329 Thirteentn st.
AN experienced nurse wlches situation; good
reference. AdJrcis T. SHEEHEY, 144 Juniper.
EXPERIENCED offlce man wishes situation as
bookkeeper, accountant or other offlce work;
recurlty given if wanted. A. B. box 722, Call.
SITUATION wanted— A good cake baker, fore-*
man (at present employed*, will change if a
better Job Is offered; willing to go short dis-
tance ln country. Address box 663. Call.
JAPANESE boy wishes work cleaning offlce cr
any kind little work ln house, morning or
evening: room not necessary. HENRY, 2122
Fillmore st.
JAPANESE first-class laundry man wants sit-
uation; work by the day. GEORGE 1SHITA,
104 Eleventh St.. telephone Folsom 188.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore Bt.
A BRANCH oftice lor CrII advertisements and
fubtrrlptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Rt.
FLATS TO LET.
FJNE sunny top flat, 4 room?; gas. 60 Ivy
ave., near Mechanics' Pavilion.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEW flat, 3 rooms; modern Improvements. 42S
Eddy st.
NEW sunny upper flat. 7 rooms and bath; all
mrdern Improvements. 29 Laussat ave.
flS-LOWER bay-window flat, 5 large sunny
rooms. 30 Moss et.. off Howard, nr. Sevtnth.
J7 — I-ROOM flats on Victor et.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery, 941 Bryant.
FURMTURB FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $4g 40. with No 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ELEGANT furniture in flat at 729 Hyde st. for
gale. Call after 10 a. m.
FURNITURE WANTED. "
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpetsT
pianos, etc. 1135 Market Kt. ; tel. Jessie 761.'
TO receive highest value for furn., carpets, etc
see \V. E. CODY, 757 Mission, tel. Red S353. .
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red'l354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Jerkin; tel. Polk 601.
furniture & furn'd houses boueht; spot cash.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A — WANTED — Seamstress who can cut and fit
for Institution, near city: $25 to $30 per month,
board, room and laundry. W. IA EWER &
CO., C10 Clay st.
WANTED— Competent girl for cooking and
housework: small family; good wages; 9 to
2, 12C5 Ellis st.
WANTED— Young girl or middle-aged woman
to do light housework In small lamlly: Va-
U<\Jo. Ahlborn I»use, 323 Grant ave.. rm. 4.
WANTED — Middle-aged woman or young girl
to assist with light housework and care of
baby; reference. 403S Seventeenth st,
WANTED— A German girl who has had experi-
ence to attend an Invalid lady; good wanes
Address box 750. Call.
WANTED— Middle-aged wovnan to assist with
housework: must understand cooking; wages
$20; references. Apply 1129 Pierce st.
CUSTOM shirt finishers; experienced. D. C.
HEGER, 1344 Market fit., opposite Seventh.
FINISHERS on custom coats. BELASCO A
HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st.
IMMEDIATELY— Accredited teacher Latin and
history; $100 per month. 420 Parrott bldg.
WANTED— Young girl to mind baby and help
with housework; sleep home. 1906 Stelner at.
WANTED— A good girl for cooking and general
house work; good wages. Add. box 749, Call.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE. ,
"C. R. HANSEN' & CO Phone Grant 1S5"
• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses, first-class city hotel. *20; S wait-
resses, different country hotels. 130; lunch
waitress, J3 w«ek. no Sunday work; chamber-
maid, roominc-house, $20: 3 chambermaids,
to wait dinner. $20: chambermaid, country
hotel. I3a; woman cook, city hotel. 130.
•- FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Experienced nurse girl, willing to do light
second work, city references required, 520, call
early, choice place ¦
House girl, choice place on ranch, %20. Mar-
tinet, see party here; cook, Oakland, J30, see
party here; cooks, second girls, nuse glrla.
city and . country, too numerous to Itemize;
6 nurse girls. $ld, $12. $15, $20. .
C. R. HA.NSRN & CO 104 Geary st.
SEWING Machine operators wanted at Levl
Etraups & Co.'s overall factory. 32V4 Fremont
st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WAX1ED- Experienced salesladies ln toy. ba-
zaar and dry goods departments; also cash-
iers. Apply at HALE BROS.. Inc., 979-SS7
Market et.
WANTED— Young girl for housework ln San
Lafael; German preferred; good wages to
right party. Apply 14 Sansome St.. room 33.
ACTIVE girl, $15 a month, board and room. 619
Larkln st. --"
GIRL for general housework. 2651 Howard
street.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework. 718
Golden Gate ave.
GOOD talloress wanted; wages no object to
right party. 2197 Powell et.
YOUNG girl for small boarding-house, to as-
sist ln cooking. 243 Fourth st.
V/OMAN to assist at general housework. 1304
Post Bt.
FIRST-CLASS lroner. e37 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED mangle hand. Apply at 251
Jessie gt.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats: good
wages. ROSENBLUM & ABRAHAM, 1103
Market st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, llcht work; good
hem*. 1379 Valdcz st., Oakland. Cal.
WANTED— A young nurseglrl for two-year-old
child. Apply forenoon at 14C2 Stockton st.
WANTED — A girl fcr general housework; no
washing; wages $15. Apply at 1933 Grove St.,
East Berkeley.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2L*00 Flllmore St.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements anl
I subscriptions has been established at 10S«
j Valencia st.
HELP WAXTED-MAI.E.
A— MURRAY & READY Phono Maln'ssTs
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT. 7 A. M. TO-DAY
MINERS TIEMAKERS MINERS
C miners for a No. 1 mine $S2 J.0
Choremen, $15; ranch hands, $26 and found:
farmers and wives, J-J) and found; carriage
painter; boys for factories and to learn
trades; fare paid for 50 tlemakere and wa
ship you to-day. 3c to 12c. tools and pro-
visions furnished
ViO woodchoppers to cut stove and cordwood,
Jl to ?3 per cord
I IOTEL DEPA RTMENT
Man and wife as cook and helper for countrv
lunch counter and Fr.loon. $50 and found";
cook ond wife, counlry hotel; waiters, $30
and found; cook, country hotel, fare paid;
baker, country shop: laundryman. 1IUR-
RAY & READY. C31 f?6 Clay nt.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
RAILROAD WORK
10 tc-amsters for railroad work, State of Ne-
vada, J2 a. day; fr^e fare
E0 woodchoppcrs, $1 S3 to $1 JO a cord; wagon- i
maker, ranch, $40 and board; harnersmaker, j
$30 and board, for ranch ;
HOTEL DEPARTMENT....
Baker, country hot si, $40 and fare advanced:
fry cook, restaurant, J50; head laundryman.
$33: hanger-up, $20, for hand laundry, country
hotel, fare advanced: washer, country laun-
dry. UP. C. R- HAN'SFN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— FOREMAN for railroad work. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A — WANTED— Cook for pood country hotel. $o0; !
vineyard hand and prune, t-2. W. D. EWER ;
& CO.. 610 Clay st.
A-CARPENTERP. 6 cabinet-makers. 4 bench
hands. Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 410
Kearny. r. 9: non-union mechanics register;
new Jobs daily: no office, fees. Tel. Main 334.
JOURNEYMEN Barber*' International Union
free emply. bureau; only recog. union harbors.
113 Turk St.; t»l. F.ls.m 15S3. I. Lfss. Sect.
BARBERS' Procressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H, Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. J«r«ale u>2.
WANTED— ComjK>tenr No. 1 bricklayers in San
FranclEco; wages $5 per day of 8 hours; on
December 22, 1P00; write or telegraph. Box
752. Call oftice.
WANTED — Experienced salesmen in toy and
dry goods departments; also ¦wrappers. Ap-
ply at HALK BROS., Inc., &73-9S7 Market st.
FEEDER wanted; one who understands make
ready. J. ALUMSTEIN & PLATO PRINT-
ING CO., 310 Hayes st.
WANTED— Strong boy to earn' goods and as-
filst through the lay ln bakery; wages $15
and found. 1912 Polk Bt. ;
WANTED — Young man ln offlce; must be a
competent bookkeeper; references. Address
L. P.j box 733, Call otHce.
DISHWASHER; good wages. 1387 Valencia
ftreet.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25s
to Me. D62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and !d st*.
GOOD barber wanted Saturday and Sunday at
C2S Brcadway.
TWO barbers; one steady, one for Saturday.
623 Clay Bt.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday at 1211 Market
st. ; wages.
DISHWASHER wanted at 153 Third st.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 253 First St.
WAITER wanted: none but experienced need
arply. 20 Third st.
BARBER9-3-chalr shop for sale. 1344 Turk
St.. corner Fillmore. .
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
6. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than & feet 4 Inches and not over < feet
1 inch In height: able to read, write and
vpeak English. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recniitins Offlce. 40 Ellis
meet. San KranciBco. CaJ.
WANTED- Sober man to tend bar in wine-
house; understands mixing drinks; married;
German or French-speaking preferred. R. A.,
box 743. Call office. '
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eleht
•*e»-ks required; position guaranteed: special
inducements; catalogue free. MOLER'S
BAliHEH COLLEGE. 635 Clay St..
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno .House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — First-class ladies' tailor; elate ex-
perience, references, salary expected. Apply
box 7962, Call Office.
COATMAKER for country. Apply RE1S3
BROS., 24 Sutter st.
TRAVELING salesman wanted to carry gloves
as side line; state territory. Box 733, Call.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission St., bot. 1st and 2d uts.
BOY about 15 or 16 years. Inquire flower store,
808 Valencia st.
WANTED— Strong boy for coal yard. 211S Mar-
ket St.-
RENT collector; state exp'dence fully, salary
v.anted and references. Box 737. Call office.
BARBER shop for sale In a lively mining town;
cheap. Apply Call office.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard St..
5 F. Barber School.
YOUNG man wanted to learn the barber trade;
easy terms. 713 Mission Bt.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, lac and
20c. Boston House. 830 Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash price*. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and taggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
•subscriptions bas been established at 101'S
Valencia «t. • ''. • -;
H KM QK K HO I US '.
ANTTaTToTpiTesTT'nes, Piles, Piles; overloo
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be interviewed;
no surgery, tralves or ointments; no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther nnrtlculars add. Physician, box l!)50. Call.
HOnSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
tZl Sixth Bt. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORSE clipping by experienced men; best work;
ofaeoo orte«s. DAX.ZIEL. 603 Golden Ga.U ave.
HOUSES TO LET. £
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
2323 „ FOLSOM Bt.— 2-story bay-window house,
7 rooms and bath; rent $23.
HOUSES WANTED. _^
8 TO 5 furnished housekeeping rooms; no chll-
dren; not over f20. Answer SC54 Sixteenth st.
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. RAYMOND— Strictly reliable: teaches
hypnotism ln five lessons for $5. 997 Market st.
IXVAL1D CIXAlitS A>D TKICVCLES.
BOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames trlcycU
cbalr. EAMES Tricycle Co.. S100 Market at.
y?-. LOST AT«T> FOUND.
LOST— A pass book with the'Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of LOUIS GRU.ND. Xo. 212-900. The
finder will please return to the bank.
LOST— A black mare; stands 15% hands high;
suitable reward. Return Emporium Horse
Market. 220 Valencia st.
FOUND — Certificate of Standard Con. Mining
Co. stock. Apply 116 Crocker building.
MEDICAL.
MRsTdrT WYE^HT^Wla^iT specialist : 2Tyrs?
successful practice'; guaranteed treatment at
offlce, Jj; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL, P27 Market «t.. corner
Sixth — Safe and reliable ladles' 1 physician;
treatment. $5; positive cure guaranteed; when
others fail consult, fr»e, MRS. DR. KOHL.
DR. AXD MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists ; 22 years' practice; positive curs
I guaranteed; ladles treated can return same
day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps dr.
DHS. GOODWIN, 1007'i Market, expert on dis-
eases of women: 15 years' practice ln S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; Jj at office; have cured thou-
sands ot cases; unexcelled success; see free.
i ¦
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market-Ladies' spe-
cialist: safe and sure cure. S3: best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 111S Market st.
DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years for female
troubles. 223 Kearny st. ; call and see me.
POSITIVE cure for rheumatism; formula sent
| upon receipt of Jl. Address box 727, Call.
DR. WISE, the ladles' ppeciallst. 1113 Market
street.
MRS. DR. UWYEK.. ladles' specialist; home
for patients. 504 Eddy st.
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 Pa?ramcnto St.. near Kearny.
! MISCELLANEOUS FOR SAL~>.
j EOILEUS, Engines, 2'1-hand machinery. Mc-
: INTOSH & V/OLPMAN. 153-197 Fjpmont St.
i BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
; linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
¦ have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
i 32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
wo can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
I XOOXAX. 1017, 101^. 1021. 1023 Mission St..
1 above Sixth; write for catalogue.
I WUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
| J5 per month; write for catalogue and price.
j TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
j Bt. ; rentals, new machines. %3 per month.
j A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
pines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
"etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
OPERA glasses, French make, with holder at-
tached, worth $33. for $11: almost new. CAL-
% IFORNIA LOAN OFFICE, 32 Stockton St.
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
I A BEAUTIFUL pair diamond screws for J10.
! UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
I AN aermotor windmill and 2 large tanks for
Eale cheap. F. L. BABIN. 413 Keamy st.
BJ^UE sum piles for sale. Apply PAUL KEY-
SER. 206 Clay st.
40 H. P. COMPOUND steam engine, complete,
cheap. II. S. WHITE. 6H-516-518 Mission st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, fold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery nt.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and Zd-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALT'/ PAFK. 1^9-111 Market ft.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS AVASTS.
WANTED— Sacramento Union March CO, 1831 to
i May 3, 1S54; Sacramento Bee August 2. 1S60.
to January 1. 1S78; quote price on all or any
numbers. W. F. PURNELL. Sacramento,
Cal.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman, 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing-, brlo-
a-brac and books. 10» Sixth st.; tel. Jessie 141.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. II. I*
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market ft.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount en furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments' or as a whole: if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long ns you de-
Blre; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be watted upon quietly and
quickly. Call 63-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market.
AA — BEST rate« and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interest In Estates
Undivided Interest in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
net borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 90G Market at.
AXY amount at 6 percent; 1st. 2d and Sd'mort-
gages. undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 2« Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgsges. estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room 16, first flocr.
Chronicle buildlnp. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
! HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
j liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at low-
•¦(st rates Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
i fct.; tel. M.iln 1644. Branch 1! Third st.
! _—^—— —— — ___________^^____
| A — $500,000 on city and country real estate and
estates: chattel mortgages; notes, and collat-
erals. J. HHOWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery »t.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc.;
j no removal, no commission; strictly confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
MONEY loaned on personal property or pianos
without removal. 1167 Market, bet. 7th & 8th.
CASH loaned on salaries. New York plan.
THE TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
3% on furniture and planes; $15 up; no removal;
no commission: private. Room 81. 6 Eddy «t.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country; 6% undl-
vlded int?; estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 366 Parrott bulld-
ing:,men can secure loans on personal note.
$100,000 TO loan en real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sansome. rm 2.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1.
OX furniture end pianos; no removal; confiden-
tial; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO palaried people without collateral or In-
doi-Ker. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bid..
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. ~
DURING the next two weeks~oiTr^store~wTu^be
open evenings for the convenience of those
who cannot find time to call during the day
We have the finest line of holiday presents
for you to select from and prices will be cut
to suit your purse. MAUVAIS' MUSIC
STORE. 769 Market st. ™t ¦£
TO close out our large stock of gramophone
records wo will fill all orders until further no-
tice at 40c each or $4 :o per dozen. Send in
promptly, as the supply is limited. MAU-
VAIS'. 769 Market st.
WE have lota of bargains In second-hand as
well as new pianos and shall be glad to show
to any one. Our terms are the easiest and our
treatment of all customers th«i most satis-
factory. MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY 763
Market st. • '
BARGAINS, pianos on storage almost given
away; also car fine new pianos stored from
factory;, must be sold at once to realize sto?-
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. '
ANT person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co. s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Steinway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for »6 cash anu
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for J3. $4 and *> per month. SHLR-
MAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st, Oak-
land^ \
"AS HOLIDAY GIFTS."
1 Emerson •¦*»
Sommer '• J™
Fisher J50
Steinway Jw
Chlckering ..•-•• 135
Mason & Hamlln ¦¦. 325
Heine * Hallett & Davis *325 to 9u
New pianos, $149. can be exchanged any time
in 5 yt-ars, $6 down, SS per month; rent al-
lowed; cj>e>n evenlnrs.
UE1XE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary St.
A— BYRON MAUZY'S.
Holiday Bargains ln Slightly Used Pianos.
Schmer, nearly new $150
Byron Mauzy, nearly new 3C%
Decker* & Son. walnut case 225
Steinway & Sons ISO
Weber IN
Bord M
30S-310-312 Post St., opp. Union Square.
ABSOLUTELT the oldest and largest honss
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 26.
2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A BIG nale of pianos now going on; all pianos
at reduced prices; fine large one. J153; num-
ber on time limited: agency Chlckering. Ma-
son & Hamlln, Vose, Sterling, etc. BEXJ.
CURTAZ & SON, IS O'Farrell St.; open even-
Ing^
A MANDOLIN, banjo or guitar would be a
nice Christmas gift. GRAEBER sells good
ones; 634 Post St.
$150 FOU beautiful upright piano; 3 pedals:
standard maJce; or rent for $2 iO month. 342
Kearny st.
ALMOST new upright Steinway & Sohmer sac-
rificed; great bargains this month. BRUE.VX,
208 Post St.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steclc. Hardraan, Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S, 933 Market »t.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
GREAT many bargains In 2nd-hand uprights;
small installments. Hornung. 21S McAllister.
BEST rent stock in city: new pianos. (3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ, ltd Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. IL
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BARGAIN- Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister St., next Hib. Bank.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th» Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for fl.
postage paid.
OFFICES AM) STORES TO LIST.
A — 110 KEARXY— Sunny offices, en suite or sin-
gle, JS upward; gas; heat and Janitor servlcs
included.
OIL.
ASPHALT for sale; quantities to suit: will
contract delivers-: our oil stock advances to 3c
share Dec. 20. JUANITA OIL CO., 50© Mont-
gomery St.; agents wanted on commission.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
CARRYING too much oil stock. For a bar-
gain address Oil, box 755. Call office.
OIL, LA>DS FOIl SALE.
KEEN River Oil Lands— Proven territory In
the well-known tract of "Grace Oil Co." for
sale; also other oil land for sale or lease; most
wonderful oil field known; over 530 feet of oil
rand; buy from owners and save commissions:
have been ln fleld from start: will Rive you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON.
CARMAN & SOMES. 101 Chronicle bldg.. San
Francisco: 418 Douglas Block, Los Angeles;
Southern Hof 1. Rakerrfleld.
*> ACRES known oil land. M.-Klttrlck district.
clo« • to going wells. |3i per acre, cash. Ad-
d:>-rs F. R. ORANNIS. 6V. Market st.
PATENTS A.M> PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Ldwyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
OWEN McCABE, importer.'^iealer in Teath-rs;
hair mattress and pillow manufactory; old
feathers renovated ami purified; all feathers
Bold warranted well dressed with my patent
steam renovator. S70 Mission, tel. Jessie 1114.
PICTURES and picture frames of all descrip-
tions made to .order; portraits enlarged; we
do all kinds of framing. California Frame Co.,
905 Howard; open evenings; tel. Howard 1073.
CHEMIST of wide experience in manufactur-
ing will furnish Instructions for making
anything desired. Chemist, box 546, Call.
A removal sale; a nice cup and saucer free to
even* one buying II or more worth of goods.
MIKOSHI TRADINQ CO.. 326-323 McAUUter.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 237 Jessie st.
I HAD paralysis and spinal trouble ln Its
worst form, but „ after treating with Mme.
Ada six w-^ks trained IT pounds and am near-
ly well. I also had a bunch on my right eye,
and both being bloodshot and very weak. The
bunch has entirely gone and both eyes nearly
well and stronger than they have been since
I was a boy. E. Arnold. Address at MME.
ADA'S of nee. 1104 Market St.. rooms 3 and 4.
FOR SALE— Cheap; 5000 sacks of good potatoes.
For prices and samples communicate with
8HALMOUNT & CO.. 113 Washington St..
San Francisco.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South 792.
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; fine uphol-
stery; goods carefully packed for shipment or
storage. HOPKE BROS.. 31S and 320 11th «t.
ELECTRIC light in every room — 'Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
T5c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to {6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from tht ferry.
COTILLON leaders, ho! An imported novelty
ln "Favofs" at an extremely low price. Ad-
dress box 642, Call office.
HAIR positively grown on bald heads by purely
vegetable compound: absolute proof. Call or
address DR. G. S. MOORE. 4S8 Geary St.. S. ~F.
SUITS to order on installments; $13 upward: Jl
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. be-
tween Sevenoth and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. nsar Broadway.
FINE suits. $10; dre?s pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery tt.
A— $3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny «t.. near Pine.
ALL gentlemen wishing to marry wealthy send
10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ. T06 Ellis a.
FIGER'S sweepers are the best and cheapest:
t all kinds repaired and for sale. 342 Sutter st.
MASSAGE and electricity for facial blemishes
and wrinkles. Tel. Black ?45«; K2 Taylor st.
DANICHEFF sell holiday glove order?, good for
gloves ready-mjd» or to order. 121 Grant ave.
MASQUERADE costumes, play book* wl"«-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN * CO.. 733 Mku
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous ha'.r and
moles: trial free. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutler
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the beat
corn cure; 23c: all druggists.
"VnT'co 0 . Ml? Mk^^nd^r^ich^.^eV
I'^jg^g
A L F i RKD J; MS E^P»«" Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color: «: »t all druggists.
t f-^f lP « ST and b * st ln America-The Weekly
r-nit" * c , Pa . ges ' 8ent t0 ar> y address ln thi
l.r.'.ted States or Canada one year for ft.
palmistry"
H Ta J v^o! 0 S V E J^E^^
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Blaok S61.
3 PART.VEItS WANTED. \
A \^ TEI^~ A lady or "ntleman partner In
r^nn» S l aUr !^ On "i? 1 " str ~ l of town; good
rnenti? Ca! Address R " p ' °- S 20 - Sacn-
D u?i£ S, 2' I^^ NE^^o7flc77nT7esidence.
1C21VC Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh!
CANCERS and tumor* cured without surgical
operation. DR. J. h. REEVE. 26^ Kearny.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
av « for sale and exchange some of the
best stock, grain and fruit ranches ln the
State. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 1010 Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal.
ACCURATE knowledge, each of the S000 ranch-
es on my sale and exchange list— more than
all other agents In city: state what's wanted.
N- D. SICKELS. the Lan.l Agent. 6 Geary st.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st~ sells and
exchanges farms and city property; printed
NE^\ "ottage C rms.. bath; lot ioxlOO: Mission;
rental terms; and vacant lots. 413 Kearny tu
HEAL ESTATE — CITY — J "** J . _
LOT^;m^Lf^^r^^ m"~
SUBMITTED.
Northwest corner Br^aTway -and FlUraore ft^
Wxl37:6. J22.500; one ot the finest lots ln baa
Francisco.
South «!de Broadway, between Flltaor. ana
Stelner stj.; 34: 3x127 :3jJ34CO.
East side of Steiner st.. between Broadway
and Vallejo; 26x100; <2600.
Northeast corner Vallejo and Stelner its.;
S4:4xl37:6; S-UtfO.
N'orth side Vallejo St.. between FUlmore and
Stelner; lots J100 a front foot.
South side Green street, between Flltoor*
and Stelner: only |o5 a front foot.
Northwest corner Steiner and Green sta.: 27:8
xlOO; J2230.
North side Green St.. west of Stelner: 37:«X
137:8; J3500. ___.
Two lots on Stelner st.. north of Green; t7:fts
100 : 11230 each.
Flllmore st. eT«rrrre cars and Cnton st. cars
near all of above lots^
Terms: One-third cash, balance at < per
cent: lender to pay mortgage tax.
THOS^ MAGES & SONS. 5 Montgomery Bt.
IV you have property north of the *»«*»/
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
Gt'NX S-'iO California st. „
°Z^n S cVn v ir^ i n G h uN P N. tr^° &!«
gt ., S.'F. Savings Union building.
MODERN hcuse 3 built; lowest pr Ices: p »„"»«£
estimates furnished. Campbell. 11*. Mission.
CHEAPEST and best ln America-The W«kly
Cail. 16 pages, sent to any address In tn»
Ur. I ted States or Canada one year for »¦
AUilEJlDYERTlSEMEim
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR TNVESTaiENTS-
4 new modern 5- room cottages: pay 15 per
cent: best location; always rented; several
other bargains.--' Apply to A. R- DENKb
SR.. HOP Webster St.. Alamerta.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY RE AL JSSTATE.^
SPLENDID Berkeley home for sale: cholew
corner lot on Durant ave., clos» to univer-
sity: modern house of II rooms, with fuiuau*.
range, city plumbing nnd very finest r.nlsrt
and decoratinsr: price 111.000. O O. MAY
& CO.. 2123 Center st. H-rkeley. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND IlOtSE.H TO LET.
GOOD housea. Get list from GEO. W. AU3-
TTX *¦ rv inr« TJrrw.iwaT. Oakland.
OAKLAND FIRXITIRE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. tha
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CASTP.O. 43. nr. 17th. rear— 2 nlc« sunny nn-
fur. rooms: large yard: stable optional: cheap.
EIGHTH. 34B. near Market— 1 or 2 large front
bedrooms, with regular kitchen furnished for
housekeeping: hot and cold water; bath.
ELLIS. 1473 — In house of 2 people, extra 'are»
mnny front suite, unfurnished or furnished;
bath and phor.e; no other roomers.
FIFTH. 3-^3— Furnished for housekeeping:, 2 dou-
ble parlors, kitchen, bath, $20; also single, Jo.
GUERRERO. 1134. nr. 24t!i — Sunny parlor suits
and kitchen, fur. for housekpc; reasonable.
HOWARD, C7A— Suit* housekeeping rooms, Jl
HYDE. 414—3 unfurnished rooms for light
housekeeping; parlor floor; sun all day; a.'.so
2 furnished single rooms.
MARKET, opp. Fifth— Large sunny front room
and kitchen, J12; 2 small. *>. Call 342 Keamy.
MINNA. 60S— Large furnished front housekeep-
ing- roorr.a.
OAK. 110 — 1 »uniiy basement room: dry; fur-
nished for housekeeping: stove; yard: 14.
VALENCIA. 1:22— Large sunny alcove room:
gas and bath; furnished; light housekeorlnt:-
VAN NESS. 400— 3 connecting well-fum. sur.ny
rooms; tubs, yard; NE. cor. private entrance.
A ISR.ANCH effice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at liM
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Farn. and Infiirn.
A-BRUXSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms 23o
to $1 per night: $1 23 to $5 pr week, and light
housekeeping; open ail night.
BAHTLETT. 414—3 sunny connecting unfur-
nished rooms, with sink and bath.
BURNETT. U2S Market (old No. 1361)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH. $2) (Th* Elk>— Nicely furnished sunny
rms; day. !5c up: wk, Jl 50 up. Mrs. P. liar.::.
CLARA. 141A— Sunny front room, furnished,
for 1 or 1 gentlemen; $1 2o per week.
CLARA, 134'i— Sunny fnjnt room, furnished.
for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FELL. 110— Two newly furnished rooms; private
family; rent reasonable.
FIFTH, 243 — Furnished front room.
GEART. 405 (The Xavarre)— Elegantly furaish»<l
rms; suites or single; traveler! accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN', southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suits or
single; ladies' parlor: reading-room; elevator.
HOWARD. TCIU — Sunny bay-window room;
others; reasonable.
LAS PALM AS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or J
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
LEWIS place. 13— Furnished anl unfurnished
rooms to let: single or en suite.
MINNA, 237. b»t. 3d an.l 4th (New York House)
I — Outside rooms $1 25 p<r week and up.
| NEW ARLINGTON. lOli Market st.-Nlce!y
I furnished rooms. $2 a week up: 33c a day up.
O'FARRELL. »-Sunr.y furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights: day. wk.. ran.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis st.— Incandescent llsht;
readlng-nmrn, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. J5c to Jl 50: week. J3 to
IS; month. JS to $3<): elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold wnter: baths.
ROSEDALE House. "19 and 321 Ellis jt.-Rooms.
night re to V. week SI 2.' to H: open night.
SHERMAN Apartment Ileus?, 2S Eichth «t..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
j BUTTER 320»i— Changed hanJs; natvlj- reno-
vat*d; single rooms. SS; suites, $12 to iZZ m.>.
SUTTER. 943— Nicely fnmlsh»d front room;
modern improvements; suitable for a studio.
SITTER. 1R21A— Nice bay-window jur'-or and
bedroom adjoining; rent reasonable^
TENTH. 1C6 — Large sunny housekeeping room;
coal range; running water.
THIRD. 314-4 nicely furnished rooms: rent \
reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ar.d subscriptions
received at Call branch ofP.ce. 22C0 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscription* has been established at IMS
Valencia ot. «¦««—_ ___
ROOMS A>D BOARD.
SELECT family hotel: new Interior; three spe-
cial dinners weekly: rates ta establish. S07
California «t. __^^__ — »»^_^_^__^_
ROOMS A.\D BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Board and room In English-speak-
in* family for foreign gentleman. Box 739.
/ Call office.
~ SPECIAL NOTICES.
i ROOMS papered from $3 up; pla3ter repaired
anil leaks. 31> Third st.
' BAD tenants e.'ected for $4: collections made-;
• city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
i 41i" Montgomery St.. nx.rr.s a-10; t°l. 3iS0.
j sewim; machines and supplies.
j ALL klnda bought, sold and repairing guaran-
j teed. Charles IMarr.^eck. 1J15 Mission, nr. Uth.
! ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
POl'GHT. sold, rented, reralrvd: needles anV
shuttWw: reduced rates. 145 ftth: phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES^
j BEKIN3 Van and Storage Co.. 722 MlssioiTsT-
! tel. Main 1340; shipping at cut rate*,
I WILSON BROS., storage and movins: covered
j vans. Tenth and Market; nhone Scuta 752,MAIL STEAMSHIP SIERRA STEAMS AWAY
ON HER MAIDEN VOYAGE TO AUSTRALASIA
Saluted by o All the Tugs and With Crowds Waving Adieus to the
Passengers, She Moves Majestically Away.
VOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day the third time column gives the last
tide' of the day. except - when there -are but
three-tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
e'ven are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given Is subtracted from the
<3eDtb given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence is the mean of.tht lower low waters.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
• NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission -street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
J Mathena. Bacto
W H Corlin, Marysvill
S Mlllington, Willows
H Cole, Cal
J S York. Napa
L W Knitht. Cal
W L Porter, Phoenix
J M Aikin, Decoio
E Whipple, Decoto
A Whalen, Reno
P Curti, Cal
A C Kinssbury, Oal
G M Thomas Jr. P O
P B McConvllle. D C
L M Jacobs, Chicago
iZ C Bopp, Columbus
J O Bums. D C
P Dove, 1> C
L Damen, Pa
U S O Haugh. Ls Ang
H L Sherwood. Ls Gts
A Sandahl & w, Butte
E W Hal ford, USA
W O Hinus, Enotburg
E A Kasold & w. Kans
J H Williams & w, Cal
Miss A Emith. N Y
J D Sproul, Chico
C Xeilson, Seattle -
Mrs A C Bears. Ind
Mrs E A Lee, Ohio
Mrs 8 Kingston, N Y
Mrs S H Quimby, N Y
J L >~aele, Boston
W S Barlow, N Y
B O Kianey, Stanford
R L- Thomas, Los Ang
J J Hebbron. Salinas
W H Bradtne, Portlnd
Mrs T G Walker. Cal
C A Palmer, Cal
Mrs T Raymond, Cal
T B Gibson. Woodland
W P Craig, Woodland
E P Husten. Woodland
M Diggs, Woodland
\V D Tillotson, Reddng-
F Treskow, Crockett
O Y Woodward, Cal
E Unger, Los Ang
L H Schwaebe. L Ang
Mrs W B Gester.Placr
W R Johnston, Cal
E B Chitten, D C
D S FiEh, Lemoore-
A J Bowen, Ls Ang
G \Y- Lowery. Cal
Mrs A Burton, Cal
G W Graham, Stocktn
A-Oeoeiby & w, Cal
W D McNeilly. Reno
A W Maltby & fm, Cal
Mrs S Cullen, N W
Dr F H McNeel &w,
Seattle
H L Wheatley, Manila
T B Haselden, Manila
H {•imm.s, Iowa Hill
T U Barnard, Chico
\. ti Smith, Kans City
H E Adams, Stockton
PALACE HOTEL.
F M Colby&w. Oaklr.d
F W Libby, Ne»r York
Mrs S R Howell, Chgo
It Roberts & w, Maden
A E Hunter. Lodl
H Eaton, Stanford
G K Johnston, Berkly
K C Howe, New York
F Hanchett, New York
J M Davidson, Ohio
B W Zeust & w. Mo
L E Boukofsky. Utah
P B McConvllle, D C
E C Bopp, Columbus
L W Pannin. York, Pa
H D Thomas Jr, N Y
T B "Bryan & w, N Y
K R Dillincham, U S
Mrs A R Dlllingham
J A Chanslor, Los A
I D Works. Los A
J B Llppincott, Los A
8 G Bennett, Los A
J T Panforth, Los A
B F Brooks Bakernfld
C F Schaale, Chicago
C G Barque. Chgo
C Thome, Tacoma
Jno Roslnl, Seattle
B Jacobson, New York
N A Merritt&w. D C
V Coppor, Germany
Jno Echwarz, Utica
S Holt, Los Ang-eles
C H Clinton, Erie, Pa
J F Carpenter. Erie
C B Forward, Ohio
B Campb«?Il&w, Or
F J Field&w. Montry
Miss Field, Monterey
A G Bchwarz&w, Ohio
Miss T Shattuck. N Y
W G Hlnshaw, Oakld
O W Foster&w, Wash
Ang Knab, Cincinnati
8 8 Lyon, Kobe
W N Elsasser&w, Cal
A W Kelly. Berkeley
E A Palmer, Stanford
G 8 Long, Texas
A L Fluering&w, Mich
L. Wintgen, New York
II M Storey. New York
W E Grattan, New Yk
B F Bretherton, Chgo
W H Klauer. Chicago
R D Vroom, New Yrk
L J Rose, Olward
8 H Babcock, Salt Lk
B W Hetinz. Salt Lake
J L Daube, Chicago
E R Cowles, New Yk
E R Babodlc. Berkely
NKW WESTERN HOTEL
H B Maybury. Sacto i
H E Springer. N Y
W L Koderberg, Utahi
W II I^ewis, Chicago ;
J B Quese, Ky
H \t Bascter. Boston |
C Powers & w, S Diego |
J B Watson, Modesto
G R Walker, ModcstoJ
J M Stanley, S Jose
W Bener & w, Stocktn
R C Wilson, Sonora
G A Deiter, 8 Cruz
W n Hunt. Oakland
C Fmlth & w, R Vista
J J Miller. Cal
n A Wood & w. Cal
Terba Buena Lodge of Perfection. A.
and A. S. It. , has organized a. drill corps
¦within Its .ranks for the purpose of per
fecting a body of Its members that will
be ready at any time to challenge the
best of all teams in floor work. George
Fillmer, formerly captain of Company H,
first Infantry of the Xa-tional Guard,
and one of the officers who went to Ma
nila with the First California Volun
teers, has been appointed captain, and
he is now instructing the members of the
corps in the intricacies of the goose step.
A New Drill Corps.
Thursday, December 18.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 43 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 44 hours from
Crescent City.
Btmr Point Arena, Jensen. 24 hours from
Point Arena.
Stmr Luella, Madsen, 18 hours from Caspar.
Btmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett. 82 hours) from
Ventura.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. 14 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Outhiis, 24 . hours from
Monterey and way ports.
Ger stmr Neko, Krausse, 98 days from Ham
burg and way ports, via San Diego 40 hours.
Tug Samson, Stream. S days from Columbia
River, In tow of stmr Point Arena.
Ship Sin tram, Meyer, IS days from Taooma.
Br ship Crown of Scotland, Jenkins, 138 days
from Cardiff.
Schr Free Trade, Peterson, 4 days from
Bowena Landing.
Schr J Eppinger, Jensen. 48 hours from
Bowens Landing.
CLEARED.
•' Thursday. December 13.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad & Nav Co.
Stmr Corona, Olelow, San Pedro; Ooodali,
Perkins & Co.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, Chemainus.
Tug L Luckenbach, McCoy, Santa Rosalia;
Catton. Bell & Co.
Br ship Sprlngburn, Crosthwaite, London; G
W McNear.
BAILED.
Thursday. Deoember 18.
Stmr Sierra, Houdlette, Honolulu and Syd
ney.
Schr Joseph and Henry. Rasmussen. Coouille
River.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Fort Floss.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Deo 13, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NE, veloolty 10 miles.
UteMORANDUM.
Per tug Samson— Sailed, from Astoria D«o 8
with barge Washougel in tow, loaded with
1285 M lumber, for San Francisco. Deo 11 at
1 pm, off Stewarts Point, tho tug became dis
abled and had to * let go of the barge. Was
taken in tow by stmr Point Arena at 5 p m
and towed to Ban Francisco. The barge hoist
ed sail and stood off shore under a strong NE
wind. - ¦ . ¦ s
MISCELLANEOUS.
SW storm signals are ordered at all sta
tions west of Neah Bay. and on Straits of Juan
de Fuca. Bar at Neah at 4:35 p m 29.46.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Deo 11— Stmr Homer, for
San Francisco. .
EUREKA— Arrived Deo IS— Sttnrs Eureka. Sa
moa and North Fork, hence Deo 12; schr Max
im, henoe Dee 10. - . ¦¦- ¦
BEATTLB-SalledSDeo 12— Stmr Rainier, for
New Whatcom. \ .
Sailed Dec 13—Stmr Mackinaw, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Deo 13— Schr H D
Bendlxen. for Sydney.
' EASTERN PORT.
BALTIMORE— Arrived Dec U— Ship Henry B
Hyde, from N&w York. -
• FOREIGN PORTS. ,
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 12— Br ship
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The British ship Sprlrjgburn cleared yester
day for Ivondon with a rargo valued at $412,S95,
consisting of the following: 58,706 cs canned
fruit, 62,393 ca canned salmon, IS cs pampas
plumes, 217 sks cascara sagrada, 25,262 -gala
wine. ?3 cs canned goods, 37,700 lbs beans,
18,000 ctls chevalier barley, 21,000 feet lumber
dunnage.
Large Shipment of Canned Goods.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's steamer
Sierra, sailing yesterday for Sydney and way
ports, carried a general cargo valued at $292,124,
manifested as follows: For Australia, $232,156;
for New Zealand. $65,811; for Samoa, $4157.
The following were the principal shipments:
For Australia— 1115 cs boots and shoes, 17 era
bicycles, 69S cs canned goods, 91, 645 lbs codfish,
101 cs drygoods, 26 cs drugs, 2L395 lbs dried
fruit, 40 cs electrical goods, 156 pkgs . g-rocerlen
and provisions, &330 lbs hops. 405 cs hardware.
12,000 feet lumber. 30,034 Ids mlllstuffs. 27 cs
lamp goods, 29 rolls leather, 41 cs machinery,
23 kegs lead, 27 keg? nails, 105 bbli 25 cs oil,
62 cs paint, 15 cs photo goods, 18 cs printing
ink, 10 bales rubber hose, 6 cs rubber boots,
133 pkgs raisins, 79 cs scales, 11.200 It>« shot.
4200 lbs seed, 9 cs sewing machines, 40 half
barrels 36,533 cs salmon, "00 empty tanks, 19
cs varnish, 100 cs whisky, 25 bbls whale oil.
For New Zealand — 27 crs bicycles. 1S9 cs boots
and Fhocs, 9450 Tbs beans, 2168 cs canned goods.
f.00 Tbs chocolate, 1900 lbs codfish. 44,600 lbs
dried fruit, 8 cs drygoods, 9 engines, 53 cs
drugs, 39 pkge groceries and provisions, S pkgs
gramophone goods, 19,479 lbs hops. 18 cs hard
ware, 160 cs metal polish, 740 lbs mlllstuffa,
45 pkg* machinery, S cs oil, 9 cs photo Roods,
6 flasks quicksilver, 100 bxs 146 pkgs raisins,
2007 cs 25 kegs salmon, 14 cs stove polish, 100
gals wine..
For Samoa — 7 crs bells and fittings, 5 cs
bicycles, 8240 tbs bread, 8 . cs cordage, 8 tons
coal, 16 bxs fruit, 29 cs canned goods, 815 lbs
dried fruit, 8 cs drugs, 3 cs drygoods, 20 bbls
flour, 22 crs furniture, 81 pkgs groceries and
provision?, 17 cs hardware, 45 pkgs millwork,
17 kegs nails, 7 bdls cars, IS crs onions, 55 crs
potatoes, 7 pkgs raisins, 970 lbs rosin, S360 Tbs
rice, 6 half-barrels 123 cs salmon, 3 cs turpen
tine, 94 gals wine, 6 crs wagon material, 6 cs
whisky, 6 cs paint.
—arpre Cargo for the Sierra.
Shipping Merchants.
The French bark Marguerite Molinos cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders with 67,183
ctls wheat valued at So7,100 and 19,600 feet lum
ber dunnage valued at $290. Total value,
J57.390.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
and Captain McCoy has every hope of
getting her off. The Luckenbach Is under
charter to the underwriters.
The steamer Point Arena towed the dis
abled tug Sampson Into port yesterday.
The Sampson was on her way here for
repairs and broke down off Point Reyes.
Reinsurance en the British ship Rath
donn has advanced to 80 per cent. She is
on her way to the coast from China, and
being in ballast it Is feared that she was
caught in the typhoon that did so much
damage at Hongkong and went down.
and Ban Francisco, went ashore near the
torpedo station Wednesday evening. I She
left San Francisco at 5:30 p. m. In command
of Captain Evans, and when. the fog came
the Vigilant piled up on the beach about
a half mile north of the training station.
All attempts to get her off wire fruit
less, so a message was sent to the Spreck
els Towboat Company and the Reliance
was sent to her assistance and towed her
off. The Vigilant is badly strained and
has one of her stern lines wound up in her
propeller. She was laid up yesterday, and
the lighthouse tender Perriwlnkle made
the usual trips in her place. Captain
Evans has been suspended and Captain
Tom Lockyer, mate of the Luckenbach,
has taken his place.
"Water Front Notes.
The tug Luckenbach did not get away
for Santa Rosalia until last night. Some
alterations had to he made and extra coal
taken aboard. A quick run will be made
to where the Edmund lies on the beach.
TUG VTGTXfANT ASHORE.
Ban on Goat Island In a Fog, but
Was Towed Off.
The navy tug Vigilant, that piles,be
tween thfe training station on Ooat Island
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
fin© new mail boat Sierra got away
for Honolulu, Pago Pago, Auck
land and Sydney yesterday. Aa
she pulled out Into the stream
every tug In the bay saluted her and the
crowds on Pacific-street wharf cheered
and waved their handkerchiefs to their
departing friends. Never had a vessel such
an auspicious start on her maiden voyage,
and never has a big mail boat left port In
better trim for a long run. She was load
ed "Just right," and Captain Howard de
served all the praise he received for the
excellent trim In which he sent the big
liner to sea.
The officers of the Sierra are: H. C.
Houdlette. commander; J. H. Trask, chief
officer; E. Fuller, second officer; J. B.
Barneson. third officer; W. H. Nleman.
chief engineer; P. Owens, first assistant
engineer; E. Manshardt, second assistant
engineer; N. C. Walton Jr., purser; Dr.
Milan Soule Burgeon; W. N. Hannlgan,
chief steward.
• Those who went away In the first cabin
were:
For Honolulu— Mrs. L. C. Abies and two chil
dren. T. W. Allen and wife. 6. M. Ballou.
Geort-e T. Beckley. J. E.' Bird. Dr. A. E.
Blake, Mrs. L.C. Bond. John Boyle, Miss K.
Boyle. E. T. Chambers. George H. Collins,
Mrs. K. Cooper, Miss K. H. Cooper, R. J. Eng
lieh. Miss S. Ferguson, Miss C. w. Flanders,
Miss M. F. Flanders. Miss M. 8. Flanders,
Mrs. J. B. Frazier, Judge C. A. Galbraith and
wife. J. \V. Gale, J. Gandall, M. Green. M. S.
Grlnbaum and ¦wife, M. E. Grossman, W. W.
Hall, Mlas S. Hebels. C. P. Hlppely and wife,
I. Hlppely and wife. Captain M. Houellberg,
Mrs. J. A. Hopper. Miss M. Hopper. F. G.
Holyheiser, E. L. Hughes and wife. A. M.
Hunt. W. G. Irwin, H. Isenbergr, G. K. John-
Eton, Mrs H. . J. Johnston and two children,
E. Kahn and wife, Mies Kahn, G. T. Kelley,
J. A. Kennedy. J. W. Keyston Jr., S. H.
Knowles, Mrs. M. C. Lindholm, Miss Llnd
bolm. Miss E. McKinley, J. L. McLean, E.
McNulty, Mrs. A. M. Mellis, Mrs. C. T. Mervy,
Miss A. C. Mervy, J. E. Miller, Miss L. Mor-
5 an, Mrs. J. D. Murphy, Miss J. Murray, Mre.
. E. Owens. S. B. Paschel and wife, S. Pel
ser, F. K. Perkins, E. W. Peterson and wife.
James H. Pratt and wife, H. H. Renton. Miss
E. Robertson, George Ross and wife, C. F.
Schermerhorn, H. B. Schroetke, C. E. Smith,
F. C. Smith, C. H. Springer. L. B. Stearns
and wife. W. S. Stltt. E. W. Strouss, F. E.
Swift, D. P. Thompson, Miss L. Vestal Mre,
W. A. Wall, child -and maid; Mrs. Georgo
Watt, F. R. Wells and wife, B. C. Wljrgln
and wife, Mrs. G. K. Wilder. E. H. Wode
house. Miss G. Yoell.
For Paeo Paeo — Mrs. B. L. Graves. Miss
Graves, T. A. Temple, wife, maid and valet;
E. I. Temple.
For Auckland— T. Austin and wife. J. H.
Brown, C. E. Colebrook and wife. T. P. Good
man and wife. E. Grave and wife. Percy
Grave, wife and two children; G. H. Lamson,
Benjamin K. Morton, H. "Wiener.
For Sydney— P. C. Arnaud, James Aldcroft,
George H. Bartlett, S. Benjamin and wife, C.
Blogg, George O. Brewster. W. I. Clezy-Brown
and wife. Professor A. N. Cobb, wife and
child; Miss D. Cobb, Miss Freda Cobb. Miss M.
Cobb, Master Roger Cobb, Master Victor Cobb.
A. Cole. A. Davis. Miss S. Goldbersr. G. M.
Hawthorne, H. D. Heatner and wife. H. H.
Hinshaw and wife, L. H. Littlefield, G. A.
Litzenbersrer, Mrs. H. Lloyd. J. F. McDermott.
A. D. McLean, H. Nelson and wife, E. A. Pal
mer, Charles Pennell, C. de V. Pery, Mrs, F.
Smyth, Mrs. C. P. Thomas, _ Watt, Mrs. M.
L. Whlpple.
Join at Honolulu for Paero Paeo— Mrs. Mor
row and child, Mrs. G. D. Mumford and child.
Join at Honolulu for Auckland— J. Derrig and
wife. ,
Join at Honolulu for Sydney— A. H. Davles.
H. F. Davles; Mrs. Frank Walker and child.
Those In the second cabin were:
For Honolulu— A. C. Alexander, wife and
three children; B. F. Berry and wife, M. Bllle,
J. Erasguier, Walter Campbell, Max Captan,
Mrs. H. Conlon, G. H. Cordier, Mrs. J.
T. Cordler, W. J. de Boer, T. H. Dun
can, S. L, Harris, Mrs. W. L. Hen
kels and three children, Mrs. B. Kotzran. Miss
M. Kotzran, James Kirk, Mrs. F. M. Lechner,
Charles Lelong. Mrs. B. L. McAlplne, Mrs. C.
Melrose, G. J. Morse, George Murphy, J. H.
N'lshwltx. wife and child; Miss F. Pogue, Mrs.
R. H. Rlddley, Mrs. M. A. Robinson. A, T.
Ross. Mrs. C. A. Schmidt and three children.
Mrs. A. Sherman. T. B. Smith, wife and two
children: Mrs. G. R. .Storer and child, F. T.
Sullivan. J. T. Tregloan, Miss Van Derllng,
A. C. Vestal, A. B. Weymouth. Mrs. H. A.
Williams, Mrs. R. E. Zemalt.
For Auckland— O. A. Brown, B. N. Chrle
tenFen. n. A. Jones, W. D. McCurdie, Mrs.
A. Taylor. J. W. Workman.
For Sydney— H. H. Boettgar. J. H. Brake.
J. A. Burden, Mrs. J. A, Burden, the Misses
Burden (two). EX Hawken, A. W. Juncker. W.
Whelan. ¦ . —
There was a strong flood tide running
when the Sierra was leaving the wharf,
but with the Rid of the tug Relief Pilot
Newt Jordan coon got her straightened
out, and about 8:30 p. m. she was well un
der way for Honolulu.
Steamer Movements.
NAPLES— Arrived Dec 1 — Stmr 'Werra. from
New York, and proceeded to Genoa.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Deo 13—Stmr Kaiser
Wllbelm der Grosse, from -Bremen and South
ampton, for New York,
LIZARD — Passed Deo 14, at 6:85 a m — Stmr
La Gaaoogne, from New York, for Havre.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Deo IS— Btmr Teutonic,
from New York; Btmr New Rag-land, from Bos
ton, via Queenstown.
Sailed Dec 13—Stmr Vancouver, for Portland.
Maine.
Harleeh Castle, from Astoria. Deo 13— Ital ship
FTancesco Clamra. hence July 28.
CORONEL — Sailed Deo 13 — Stmr American. !
for Ban Franolsco.
VANCOUVER— Arrived Deo 13. at Z a m— Br
stmr Empress of India, from China.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Deo 11— Stmr China,
hence Nov 20.
COLON— Arrived Deo IX— Stmr Allianca. from
New York,
Sailed Deo _— 8tmr Advanes, for New York.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Deo 12— Br
stmr Carlisle City. from. Tacoma: Br stmr Duke
of Fife, from Victoria, for Manila,
KILRUSH— Arrived Deo 12— Br ship Lord Bl-
Kln, hence July 31.
AUCKLAND-Arrlved Deo lt-Stmr Maripoea,
hence. Nov 22.
NANAIMO— Arrived Deo _— Nor atmr Tlta
nia. from Fort Los Angeles.
OCEAN 6TEAMERS.
NEW YORK-Salled Deo 13— Stmr La Bre
tarue, for Havre: stmr Friederlch der Grosse,
for Bremen, via Southampton.
SOUTH AATPTON— Arrived Deo 13 — Stmr St
Louis, from New York.
FASTNET — Passed, Deo 13—Stmr Cymric,
from New York, for Liverpool.
SAGRES— Passed Deo 13— Btmr Montserrat,
from New York, for Cadiz. Barcelona and
Genoa.
BOSTON— Sailed Deo IS— Stmr Devonian, for
Liverpool.
PORTLAND, Me— Sailed Deo 1»-Stmr Bu«noe
Ayrea, for Glasrow.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Dee 13— Stmr Amster
dam, for New York, via Boulogroe.
QUDENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 13—Stmr B«l
genland, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
Sailed Deo 13 — Stmr Lake Chaxnplatn. from
Lix-erpool, for Halifax.
TO SAI_
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S NEW FLIER SIERRA LEAVING PORT. SINCE ARRIVING FROM PHILA
DELPHIA THE SIERRA HAS BEEN PAINTED WHITE. AND IN FUTURE THAT WILL BE THE COLOR OF
ALL THE VESSELS OF THE COMPANY. "* ;-.".:
latest Venture.
B. Campbell, traffic manager of the
Oregon Railway and Navigation Com
pany, is in the city and at the Palace
for a few days. Mr. Campbell Is on his
way to New Orleans, where he will make
arrangements for the handling of cotton
on through bills of lading from New Or
leans via Portland and the Oregon Com
pany's own line of steamers to the Ori
ent.
It Is proposed to establish an office in
New Orleans and from there send travel
ing agents through the cotton country to
secure the business, which Mr. Campbeil
thinks will be large In volume. It was
only a short time ago that the shipment
of cotton to Japan ar.d China from New
Orleans began, but the growth of the traf
fic has been phenomenal and recently a
large number of Japanese buyers ai*
rar.ged for largely Increased supplies.
Mr. Campbell is in close touch with the
Oriental trade and he says a wonderful
activity will develop Just as soon as the
present Chinese troubles have been set
tled. He expects to be ready to handle
large cotton shipments from New Or
leans through the Portland terminal
within ninety days.
Manager Campbell, Who Is at the
Palace, Talks About Company's
OREGON ROAD TO HANDLE
BIG COTTON SHIPMENTS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1900.
11
Sun rises
Sun Bets .- ¦
Moon risea .-¦
7:17
4:62
..0:l» a. m.
n Time Time Time Time
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W L.W HW LW
14 6~-55 5.2 12:50 8.2 6:21 3.3 11:25 2.2
it'" 6 84 6.2 l:» X.7 7:40. 8.4
1« 0 12 2.C 7:12 B.3 2:18 1.2 8:51 8.5
1?" 0 68 2.8 7:47 6.4 2:54 0.6 9:4« J.7
lg '" 1 : 46 3.0 8:19 6.5 3:30 0.2 10:35 4.0
it '" 2 -ZZ 3 1 8:M 6.7 4:04 —0.2 11:18 4.1
20 '" 3 : 1S 3.1 t:29 B-8 4:38 -O.« 11:58 4.3
- Steamer. Destination.
Pomona Humboldt
City It. Jan Chlna& Japan
Columbia .. Portland
Corona Newport
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena. .
Czarina .... Beattle&Tac.
W. Kruger. Grays Harbor
Arcata .... Coos Bay
Bel. King... China* Japan
San Pedro.. Humboldt.....
Santa Rosa. San Diego....
Walla Wai. Vic & P*t Sd.
Eureka .... Humboldt
Empire ....Coos Bay
Argo Coqullle Rlv. .
City Para.. Pan. & Way.
Bonita Newport
Hathor Hambg&Way
St. Paul..'.. Panama
Mandalay . Coqullle TUv..
Alliance ... Portl'd&C.B.
G. W. Elder Portland
Queen San Diego
Nome City. Seattle
Fulton Astorla&Ptld
Rainier .... Seat&N.Wha.
C. Nelson.. Seat&N.Wha.
North Fork Humboldt
Dec. 14, 2 pm Pier *
Dec. 14. 1 pm PMSS
Dec. 14. 11 am Pier I*
Dec. 14, 9 am Pier 11
Deo. 15, 3 pm Pier 3
Dec. 15, 5 pm Pier 8
Dec. 15. 6 pm Pier 13
Dec. 15. 12 m Pier 1J
Dec. 15, 10 am S.W.3.
Dec. 18, 10 am Pier 2
Dec. 16, 9 am Pier 11
Dec. 17. 11 am Pier 9
Dec. 17, 9 am Pier 13
Dec, 17, 10 am Pier 13
Dec. 18, 10 am Pier —
Deo. 1$, 13 m PMSS
Dec. 18. 9 am Pier 11
Dec. 18
Dec. 18, 2 pm Pier 84
Dec. 18, 10 am Pier 2
Deo. 18, 10 am Pier 20
Dec. 19. 11 am Pier 24
Dec' 19, 9 am Pier 11
Dec. 19, B pm Pier — •
Dec. 20, Pier —
Deo. 21 Pier-*
Deo. 21, Pier —
Dec. a. t am Pier 3
Sails.
Pier.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Jeante
Robt. Adamson
Neko
Willamette ....
Centennial .....
Eureka
Santa Barbara..
Coptic !
Mackinaw
Empire
Del Norte
Mandalay |
Bonita..........
Queen '
G. W. Elder....
Pulton
Nome City
Samoa
Pomona
Umatllla
North Fork
Corona
Rainier
Mattewan
Crescent City..
Santa Rosa ....
Arcata .........
Point Arena....
Seattle
.Vanalmo
Hamburg ft War Ports
Seattle
Seattle. \
Humboldt
Humboldt
China and Japan
Seattle
Coos Bay
Portland and Coos Bay.
Coqullle River
Newport....
San Diego
Portland
Portland and Astoria...
Seattle..........
Humboldt ,
Humboldt
Victoria & Puget Sound
Humboldt
Newport
Seattle & New Whatcom
Tacoma
Crescent City
San Diego-.
Coos Bay
Point Arena.
Deo. It
Deo. 14
Deo. 14
Dec. 15
Deo. 15
Deo. IS
Dso. 15
Deo. 15
Deo. 15
Dec. 15
Deo. 1«
Deo. 18
Deo. 18
Deo. 19
Dec. 14
Dec 17
Deo. 17
Deo. 17
Deo. 17
Dec. IS
Deo. 13
Deo. 19
Deo. 19
Deo. 19
Deo. 20
Deo. 20
Deo. 20
Deo. 20
Sun rises
Sun Bets .- ¦
Moon risea .-¦
7:17
4:62
..0:l» a. m.
n Time Time Time Time
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W L.W HW LW
14 6~-55 5.2 12:50 8.2 6:21 3.3 11:25 2.2
it'" 6 84 6.2 l:» X.7 7:40. 8.4
1« 0 12 2.C 7:12 B.3 2:18 1.2 8:51 8.5
1?" 0 68 2.8 7:47 6.4 2:54 0.6 9:4« J.7
lg '" 1 : 46 3.0 8:19 6.5 3:30 0.2 10:35 4.0
it '" 2 -ZZ 3 1 8:M 6.7 4:04 —0.2 11:18 4.1
20 '" 3 : 1S 3.1 t:29 B-8 4:38 -O.« 11:58 4.3
- Steamer. Destination.
Pomona Humboldt
City It. Jan Chlna& Japan
Columbia .. Portland
Corona Newport
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena. .
Czarina .... Beattle&Tac.
W. Kruger. Grays Harbor
Arcata .... Coos Bay
Bel. King... China* Japan
San Pedro.. Humboldt.....
Santa Rosa. San Diego....
Walla Wai. Vic & P*t Sd.
Eureka .... Humboldt
Empire ....Coos Bay
Argo Coqullle Rlv. .
City Para.. Pan. & Way.
Bonita Newport
Hathor Hambg&Way
St. Paul..'.. Panama
Mandalay . Coqullle TUv..
Alliance ... Portl'd&C.B.
G. W. Elder Portland
Queen San Diego
Nome City. Seattle
Fulton Astorla&Ptld
Rainier .... Seat&N.Wha.
C. Nelson.. Seat&N.Wha.
North Fork Humboldt
Dec. 14, 2 pm Pier *
Dec. 14. 1 pm PMSS
Dec. 14. 11 am Pier I*
Dec. 14, 9 am Pier 11
Deo. 15, 3 pm Pier 3
Dec. 15, 5 pm Pier 8
Dec. 15. 6 pm Pier 13
Dec. 15. 12 m Pier 1J
Dec. 15, 10 am S.W.3.
Dec. 18, 10 am Pier 2
Dec. 16, 9 am Pier 11
Dec. 17. 11 am Pier 9
Dec. 17, 9 am Pier 13
Dec, 17, 10 am Pier 13
Dec. 18, 10 am Pier —
Deo. 1$, 13 m PMSS
Dec. 18. 9 am Pier 11
Dec. 18
Dec. 18, 2 pm Pier 84
Dec. 18, 10 am Pier 2
Deo. 18, 10 am Pier 20
Dec. 19. 11 am Pier 24
Dec' 19, 9 am Pier 11
Dec. 19, B pm Pier — •
Dec. 20, Pier —
Deo. 21 Pier-*
Deo. 21, Pier —
Dec. a. t am Pier 3
Sails.
Pier.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Jeante
Robt. Adamson
Neko
Willamette ....
Centennial .....
Eureka
Santa Barbara..
Coptic !
Mackinaw
Empire
Del Norte
Mandalay |
Bonita..........
Queen '
G. W. Elder....
Pulton
Nome City
Samoa
Pomona
Umatllla
North Fork
Corona
Rainier
Mattewan
Crescent City..
Santa Rosa ....
Arcata .........
Point Arena....
Seattle
.Vanalmo
Hamburg ft War Ports
Seattle
Seattle. \
Humboldt
Humboldt
China and Japan
Seattle
Coos Bay
Portland and Coos Bay.
Coqullle River
Newport....
San Diego
Portland
Portland and Astoria...
Seattle..........
Humboldt ,
Humboldt
Victoria & Puget Sound
Humboldt
Newport
Seattle & New Whatcom
Tacoma
Crescent City
San Diego-.
Coos Bay
Point Arena.
Deo. It
Deo. 14
Deo. 14
Dec. 15
Deo. 15
Deo. IS
Dso. 15
Deo. 15
Deo. 15
Dec. 15
Deo. 1«
Deo. 18
Deo. 18
Deo. 19
Dec. 14
Dec 17
Deo. 17
Deo. 17
Deo. 17
Dec. IS
Deo. 13
Deo. 19
Deo. 19
Deo. 19
Deo. 20
Deo. 20
Deo. 20
Deo. 20
MEMBERS of San Francisco Lodgre No. 4, A.
O. U. \\\. will attend the funeral of our late
brother, Morris Felntuch. this day (Friday),
at 2 o'clock, from his late residence. 2018
fiutter street.
STEFFLNS-In this city. December 13. 1300,
lien-man, husband of Katherine Steffena,
\*i , r ._ of Mra - Ooree E. Stadtcgcer and
Adolph, Georee. Kate H., Ida M.. Rosla H..
lleri-man D.. Elsie M. and the late Freda
fcteffens, and grandfather of. Eleanor Btadteg-
eer, a native of Germany, asei 49 years 1
month and U days.
WALLACE— In this city, December 15. 1900,
liary J. Wallace, beloved wife of James Wal-
lace, and mother of John E., Matthew and
Abblna Wallace, a native of County Louth,
Ireland, aged 52 years and 7 months.
B-T Friends and acijuaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at S:3O o'clock, from the parlors of
J. P. Oodeau, 205 Montgomery avenue, thence
j to St. Bngrid's Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
¦WEST— In this city, December 12, 1&00, "Sarah,
beloved wife of L. I>. West, mother or Ear-
nest West, daughter of Mrs. L. Huyck, and
sister of Mrs. E. McKinney and Mrs. J.
Thomson of Cleveland. Ohio, a native of Ban-
t(»r, Butte County. Cal.
d./' Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitea to attend the funeral service*
this day (Friday), at 11 o'clock, at her lat?
residence, US Webster street, between Waller
and Haight. Interment private. Masonic
Cemetery.
Sii;i« ' 1(n v d 8t>n of Je r«miah and Mary
™f> f b r? th « r « f J «nes Manning and
Su?i^ fK. Uaxy - P «-H tck *"* James iten-
Si^. «t d ? "• John Vantresth. a native of
days cl6C °. aeed 4 years 1 month and 20
?,,f? ri ?' Ie . na 5 and acquaintances are respect-
It-iXi l " vlted *° attend the funeral this day
itrlday). at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
"ie parents, 62% Converse street, between
Bryant and Harrison. Eighth and Ninth. In-
terment Holv Cross Cemetery.
MAYES-Jn this city. December 12. 1900. Grat-
tan J. Mayes, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year a months and 28 day*-
MERCHANT- In this city, December 13, 1300.
Jennie A., beloved wife of John Merchant,
and mother of Mary and Lawrence Figero."
a native of Livermore, Cal.. aged 35 years 2
months and 23 days.
MOTNIHAN— In this city, December 13. 1900.
Lawrence, beloved husband of Abb!e Moyni-
nan, and father of Nora T.. Uzi\e J.. Hum-
phrey B. and Daniel J. Moynlhan. a native
of Ireland, aired IS years ana 6 months.
C^Xotice or funeral hereafter.
NICHOLS— In this city. December 12, 1JQ0.
Richard Preston Nichols, aged 40 years 3
months and 26 days.
R S? E S TS^ D * cember u - 190 °- « his residence.
»G4 W ashinirtoa street. Captain Martin R.
Roberts, husband of Mary E. Roberts, and
lather of Mre. Henry K. Moore and Martin
«• Jr. and Theodora Roberts, a native of
ijneland, ag*d t,0 years and 2 months. (New
£Iii papers please copy.) . ,
; C~?" Notice of funeral hereafter. '
BAXLROAD TB.AVEL.
HOCTHKRH PACir/fC (UHPtiT.
' (f*cirio s /iTix.)
Train* !«•»«• »n<l »•/«< ilui> ta> arrlf* ••
MAN KltAMiwco.
(Ha!n Line. Foot of Market Street)
LK*TX — Fro* Dscw8i« I. 1300. — iMlti
•7»0«» Benlda, Sots- m, Ebnira, VacaTiUe,
Ramsey anittaaramento •7il3»
•":••* SbvU Zxvxn— DaTis. W''JIamj(for
Bartlett Srrfcgi). WUows. Bed
Bluff. Portj.ud. *7i<s3*
«7sS0A K«rU»ez.Sav Ramon. V*llejo. Napa,
Caliatnf & » n d Sana), }{im* *tilfl»
•8:00a D/.via, Woo> jjand. K.cJghts Landing-.
' Mar m t» ,«.. Oroi!il«_ *7: ISl
*»:«•» Atlantic Kxprew,— Ogden mad lul •»»43#
•SsOOa >fll*a. 7 jTonnova, Tracy. Lathrop.
Stockton ....» „ *7il5|
•Si30iSaii 'Jew, f.ltermore, H Sock ton,
lo!»j. Haerameuto. PlaemUIe,
M*nrs*in», Chloo, n«4Bintr..f7.. MjI.tp
•««:3«»» Oak. ia>. Chinrae, Sor.ora. Carters... •-til."»r
•»:«»» Hv/wmrds. Niiwi »u.l Way St^tloni. •! It 14*
?»;oo»Lyi Angeles Eipress — Martiuex,
¦ rticy, Latbrop, Stockton, Mticea
Fresno aud,"Lo» AujeJes •JilSr
»9i:t«*. Valleio. lljur.infi and Way Stations *»i l.lr
• IO:OOa Tba OverUrod Limited— Ogdeo. D»a-
¦»er. O ir.hs Chicago ••:4Sp
•HiOQa Silts. ti'ocktOD, Sacramento, Man-
dot*. Fresno, Hanford, Vls»lia,
Porfjrtllle Mil»r
1 *1 1«OOa IJTerjiore. Sanger. Goehen Jono»
tlao. Baksmtield. Los Aocelss.....
, t*:*Or Saqrameuto Klter Steamers fStO**,
•3:0ffr Hr.yw*rd», Nllej and Way Stations. *3t«3r
•¦IsOUr Vartiue*. 8au Ramon. Vallejo,
Nap«, CalUtnK*. Siutta Rsm •tfilt*
•4t«OeB«nUJk. Wlatets. ttaaraneato.
Wo,.,ll»nJ. KulgbU L«uding.
M»t7S»illr, Orofill« ¦**><f9*
"li^orHaywardj. Mien and Ran.Ioie tvn±
•S.-OOj- Mies. LlTermew aad Stockton • 1 0:«5^
«3««»r ttaoaot Limited, El Paao, New
Uri««ni and Kut elOtlSA
*-»:0UrTim Owl Limited— Tracy. Fceaoo.
P^kenQeld. Saugua for Santa Bar-
' bar*. Los Anreles *ltilSA
•StMrKsw Orletnt Kxpreas-IU^rsrteU.
Sauta Harbara, Loa ADtPlea, Dt-m-
Inc. El Paao. New Oilaana and
Eaat •?!-•»»
->«t«<Vp Barwards. Nileaand.Saa Joae *7<44a
t«:O«r Vatisjo Ml:«*
•HiOi»rOrianUl Mall-Osdeo, Cheyenne.
Omaha. Chicago *ttl3r
*S:««r Oriental Matt — Ogden. Denver.
Omaha. Chicago •••tlSp
*7:«»rOre|On»uil California ICxpren,Hao-
raiueiitii. Mar>nrll.'e. lt»<Ming',
Portland, Pngut Hound nu! Kaat *l;tVt
•SiAffrSan Pablo. Port Costa, Martinei
ami Way HVatians *11iM*
l>^!lr Vallejo ««l»t».»
COAST DIVISION (N»rronr ««»;?).
(foot of U*xke% Street.)
•»:!•"»* Newark. On tBr?llle,S»». I o«w.F«i ton.
Boulder Creek. 8autaOruzand Way
SUtlona •««»•»»
t«ilSpKevark t CeotetTlUe, Can Jote. New
Almaden, Fclton, Houldar Crveic,
Santa Crni and Principal War
HUtloim tlcl,.T«»
•4:13 r Newark. H«u Jraio. Lui Gatna 'SiAV*.
aJ):RUp Hunter* " Exennlon, Baa Joa* and
Vay3ftloB» \~ii9r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSlI rXtXCISCO— r»t %X >ark«t StnitiSiiiS) —
T7:1B »:0O 11:00a.m. \ZZ %3:C3° tS3'.».
rrtaPttURS— rt*ltrBr*i4«»T.— t'l:00 J9.00 T3K55
10:00t.M. 11:03 2:03 iC3 "3;C3r.ii.
COAST DITISION (Braailflaage).
(Third .i.dT»«nmul Su.) s
t««IOA Oeean View, South San Franoiaeo.. t •»::*«»?
*7i«0a 8au Jose anrt Way 8Utiom (New
Almaden Weduetdayionly) *lil«r
•»iOO* H»n JoieATrea Piiioa. Sajita Crm.
PaolQc OniTe. I*aao Kublea, Hati
I.i>la Obiapo. Surf. Lonpo* and
Principal War Hutlmn Milwp
*••!«•* Baa Jose and Way fltatlou*. •ii:O»
•I it3«4 San Joie and Way Statlone *3i30r
1 r it I5r Sau Mateo. Bedwood. Menlo Park.
Paio Alto. Santa Clara. San Joae,
Tres Plnoa. Santa Crus, Salinas,
Monterey and Fuclflo Orots fIOi:«n»
KS«r San J«m and Way Stations «-:.1>»r
ISrSaaJoaaaud Principal Way Stations *U: 15 »
t^iOOr Ba>n Jote. Loa Gatoa and Priocipal
Wn Btatioca t»tA«A
¦3lS»r PauJoee and Principal War Statlou* **:3»a
*«:3*r Ban Jois and WaySUttons ti;««»
ClltOr 8aa Jose and Way Stations *?»3Bp
A (or Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Daily. t Mnnday exeonted. t Sunday only.
f Mondays, Wedneedaya, Fridays.
e Tuesdays, Thursdays, Snadiya.
a Saturday onlj
CALlFOtNIA NORTEWESTEHN IT. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBURON FKIUtT- TOOT Of MARKffiT aTT.
6an Francisco to 6an R*fa«I.
WEEK DaTS-IOO. »:0% U.t«> «•! J* :<3 » » :M -
1:10, « JO p. m. TbundAT*- Cxtra tsio at U:W
p. tn. Saluraaya— Extra trip* at 1:54 aad
BUNDAT^I.W, 1:50, UrM a. m.s l:J0. l:M, 1:00,
I:K> P. m.
Ban Rafaot ts San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— «:\0, 1:00. 9:10. U:» a, ta. : 13tU.
1:40, !:J) p. tn. Bautuniaya— Extra trtpa til:U
axd t:» p. m.
BUXDATS-SilO. •:«. ll:l» a. m.; 1:40, I:«. 1:0*.
tltt Q- m.
Bdtwe*n 9&a FVanoleoo and Schaetzen Fark.
amnte aohedule as abov». *
l**r« In tffsct i ArrtT*
B*a Francis^ j ypy. f, 1900, Btn rrvxciaeo.
W«*k I Sun- Sua- I W««k
P»n- I days. D«»tlnatlon- days. | Dejrs.
7:S0 ant S:90 nm Nova to. Ko-fO am] }:40 am
8:30 pm 9:80 am Petthima, t:ta pox 10:35 am
I UP pm g^Q pa Baata Rosa. l t U pm |iM pn
Fulton.
t:SO am wlndaor. 1»:!1 am
HsaldsbBri, ; .
Xyttofl.
O«yMrrill«.
t:to pa |;0>aa^ Clorerdala. f tfg pm <;Bpm
* m JrtOam aodUiSaR. T=*» P m *•» P°*
"t:tt am * " — y— — — W;Jj
»:» am Ou<irn»»lUe. T:» pas
liMpm 1 N j S:H pm
t:30 ami f:00 am! Sonoma 1:15 am 1:40 am
5:10 pm T ;0»P<n| QltO gllen. 1:08 pa( irtt pro
T35TmTfioTaraJ }w:« am|W:» am
3:»>pm| tiOOptal BsbaJtopol. | T;1S pft»| S:M pra
8tas«a connect at Santa. Beta for Ma/k West
Springs and Whit* Sulphur fiprtap: at Faltoa
f«r AJtrarla: at Lytton for Lyttoa Sfirln«n; it
oJyaiiVuIs Jot Bltasras Wrln*«; at Cloj«»dal«
for tb» G*y»*r»: at Boptaad tor Duncmn
KrtniiV Hi«-hland 8prtnr«. KelwrtUo. Carld-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lak»port a&d Bartlatt
gsrlngi: at Ukiah for Viohy Sprln?» Saratoga
Bprlncs. 9>°« Lakaa. Laurel bell Lfck*. Wltur
Sprlnta. Upper l«Jc«, Porno, Pottjf yalter.
Jotn P»y*fc JUTeirsld*. LlerUy's, JPuckneir*.
Eanhedrlii Height*. BullTllU. Orr* • Hit Spiiojs.
Mtfldoclq? C»2r, Poti BraflL^WJP 01^!^** 1 '
willets. Lay ton vi I*. Cummin yn, %U » Sprlac*.
Harris, Ol»*nf . Prer, Bcot|a aad Ernr^it*.
SaturtAy to Monday round-trip tlokeu at re-
On BundaTB, rocsd-trlp tickets to all points
¦«yond Ian Rafael it kaU rat^
Tleket offlc©. •» klarket at. . CJjronJeU L 5f»tld-
lns:. Ij. Jt. UTAJ*.
H. C. WHiTiyQ, Osn. Faai. AsX
Gen. Manas*r.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallte Ferry.
Conunencins September 39, UOO.
KROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAbSET
AND 8AN Ra7A£U
WEEK DAYS— «:M. *9:1S. U:W a. m.. "tits.
1:15. 4:00. 6:15. *I:U. 1:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at t:00 and 11:35 p. m.
BUNDATS— •8:00. 10: fo. •U:V) a. m.. "1:11.
•:1B. *t:45. S:W. »:0O p. m.
Trains marked (•) ran to Saa Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO 8AN FRANCXSCO.
WEEK DAY8-6:20. •«:«). 1:45. 9:30 a. m..
•13:10, 1:43. *l:S0. 4:»0. B:JO p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at S:43 and 10:20 pt. m.
BONDATS-«:20, •»:<», *10:00, »U:4S a. n~
n:40. »3:15. 4:45. H:Z9 p. m.
Train* marked (•) start from San Quentta.
FROM MIU. VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-6:«. tM. 7:65. 1:30 a. it
laSs. 1:10. »:*0, 4:54. a:20 p. ra. ™-
JSXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wedaesdarsi
and Batordays at 7:10 and 10:30 p. m.
BUNDATS— «:05. «:85 a. m.. 13:06. 3Olt Ida,
| |:00. t:45 P. IThrouoh xBAjjja
1:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:45 p. m. fiaturdays— Tomalea mad way sta-
tions.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way sta-
tions. \
Santa Pe
Trains— d»«t
Xwatsj Ms.rket-«tr»#« Ferry DtpoC
ty»«L Baa FraacUs*. ttOO a m 4O» » ml f :M'p s»
Arrl ! tookt«a ,».,-. U:»jmJ:U>B ni«i j» ss)
** 'rssmd ,~. ( ..~ :: 0 p m 1:98 a a
a* tWu ..<;.... iiiin i^* 0 *
5 taatonl i/».t* i;«PP Iiu* m
? Erijr ..:::» |S|8 *•*
' H m. trats Is Um OtTland Xzpr«as. torrs>
«5»odlHf train arrive* at < p. nv daily.
4 ill p. m. U Stocktija Local. rsirsspiisVUin
with Sbtplnrf Cars for beta elM#«. Cafrwpcodr
X^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
£iUrt*%^3 612 J> KEinXT ST. Established
•Sr*llr3a^ ln 1S3 * *orth*« treatment of Private
jB^LjBHf Diseases. Lost Manhood. DpblHtr or
H'j 1' * T'*Sa <J is^as^ wearlnypn body and mind an.1
i-VB^^HSkln Diseases. Tbe Doctor enreswhen
"aJW-^aSg others fall. Try htm. Charge* low.
i^tffrnfffKiMf'i'rr i [niniiili i ii Call or vrr.ta.
Pj» si. f. GIBBO> t Sa3 Fomct-cQ. Cal^ m^\ J
New Yorlc and 'Antwarp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland ..Dec 12 Westernland ...Jan 2
Southwark .:....Dec. 19 Kensington ....Ijan! 9
Westerniand ...Dec 28 Noordland Jan. u
For freight and passage apply to
-INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION; CO.,
30 Montgomery st* Or any of lta agjutfs<
RED. STAR LINE;
AMERICAN LINE.
HIV YOBS. BOOTHAMFTOH. MMD0H. «Sa
Stopping at Cherbourg.- westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York....... Dec. 121 New York....' Jan a
Bouthwark Dec. lPlKenstngton .....Jan. 9
St. Louis... .....Deo. 26<Noord)and Jan. U
STEAMERB WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 d. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONOKONO. callln* «
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU. V ......
Saturday, December 29. ISO!
6S. HONGKONG MARU
• Thursday. January M. 1901
SS. NIPPON MAXU....
....:....... ...Tuesday. February 19, 1901
Round-trip - tickets at reduced rates. For
freight 'and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVBRY. General Agent.
TOYO KKENIAKDA.
_I> v —OtTlBi— n_vNTB.
ST ATE7WE1NT
—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF
THE MERCHANTS'
/INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEWARK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
Jersey, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1900, and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of. the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished br the Com-
CAPITAX-.
Amount of Capitol Stock, paid up In
Cash ...: * 4M,M0W
ASSETS.
Rear Estate owned by Company X 171.4«$ S«
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 376,150 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 7S3.S0O 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.... 10.000 00
Cash in Company's Office 21.628 IS
Cash in Banks 42,770 52
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2.546 1«
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 5.420 12
Premiums in due course of collection 1J8.443 M
FUnti due and accrued 329 *3
Due from other Companies for Re-ir»-
surance on losses already paid So. 75
Total Assets ..tt.698,415 57
' LIABILITIES. ~~
Losses adjusted, and unpaid X 41.094 43
Losses in process of Adjustment, or
In Suspense 66.89S 53
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 8.674 50
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- \
ning one year or less, $657,734 OS; ,
re-insurance 50 per cent 323,S8T«M
Gross prenjiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $755,026 21;
re-insurance pro rata 338.7O 62
All other demands agralnst Company Sl,?«l 04
Total Liabilities $ »23,425 11
• INCOME.,
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $ I2V.M0 IS
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 19,766 25
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 36.830 00
Received for Rents ~. 7.133 73
Received from all other sources. ..... 13.525 S2
Total Income — ..$1,004,656 4«
EXPENDITURES. "'
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $105,863 78, losses of pre-
vious years) * «el,82« 58
Dividends to Stockholders 40,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage i 17S.C31 27
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charg-es for ofHcers. clerks, etc 171.241 17
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 87,562 IS
All other payments and expenditures 27,563 M
Total Expenditure* -S1.117.Z21 29
Losses Incurred during* tho year f {73,323 S3
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums. :
Net amount of Risks
written during: the
year $121.41«,6S7 n.261.»55 24
Net amount of Risks
, expired during the
\ year 115,939,5«4 1.112,579 07
Net amount in force
December 31, 1900 143,659.697 1,453,270 29
O. LEE STOUT. Prea.
¦W. H. OUERJU2J. Sec.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 29th
day of January, 1900.
'R. 8. STEADMAN,
Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
420 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAX FRA-NCISCO.
WILLARD 0. WAYMAN, Manager.
G. W. McNEAR, General Agent
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave- Broadway
fcW, wharf, San Francisco:
KSfc^ \ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.,
,|p&§»jt Dec. 13, 17. 22. 27. Jan. 1.
BSjftJKJXgw^ Change to company's steamers
Kra&V«_VS£i For v 'ctorla, Vancouver (B.
SfiBjir^iflSl C.), Port To-arnsend, Seattle,
C ' ¦*i«Bi__aai Tacoma, FJverett. Anaoortes
an(i New Whatcom (Wash.) —
'•a 11 a. m., Dec. IS, 17, 12. 27.
Jan. 1 and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to
N. J». Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— J p. m., Dec.
14, 19. 24, 29, Jan. 3, and 'every fifth day there-
after.
For Ban Dieco, stopping- only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Loa An-
Kelee)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a- m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a- m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
coa, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays, 9 a. m.; steamer
Bonita, Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Knsenada, Uagdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. AJtata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guayrnas (M*x.)— 10 a. m. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the rlg-ht to chang*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
etreet (Palace Hotel).
OOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen. Agent*.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
HE 0. Rs & It CO.
CIBPATCH FAST STEASfERS TO f
From_ Spear-street Wharf at _11 a. in.
CADE i!2"Fipst Class ' InehTdln? 'Be-rth
rAnt $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails Dec. 14. 24, Jan. 3
GEO. W. ELDER Balls Dec. 19, 39
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
• B. C. WARD, General Agent.
(30 Market st.
occanicUco.as
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
;. Wednesday, December 26, 2 p. m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
• Wednesday, January 2, 190L Sp. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday, January •, 4 p. m.
I D.SPRECKELS & BEOS. CO., Gmeral Agents, 327 Harint St
Ban'l Passtngw Btte. 813 Harlot St., Pter l». 7, Pacite It
PANAMA B/R.BS
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
S. S. ST. PAUL sails December 18,
S.S- ROANOKE sails January 8,
From wharf, foot of Fremont St., at 3 p. m.
Freight and passenger office, J30 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Paciflo Coast Agent.
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRAN8ATLANTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRB-PARIS. .^.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of
6aturday, from November 2, 1S39. at «Vii f Wji
10 a. m.. from Pier 43, North River, foot of
Morton street. First-class to Havre. $55 and
upward. Second-class to Havre, }42 So and up-
ward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA, S2 Broadway (Hudson
building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI St CO.,
Paciflo Coast Agents, 6 Montgomery av-aue.
Ban Francisco. ¦ y ¦
BAY AITO RIVER STEAMERS.
" FOB U. S. MAVY YARD AND WLlST
Steamer "Montlooll*.**
MON., Tubs., Wed., Thurs. and Sat at »-45
a. m.. 1:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, X P. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. ra.; S
p. m. Landing- and office. Mission-street Dock
Pier No. I. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 60o
- Tt A TT.Ttn A T> TT^^^rPTJ ,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
- Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry
WEEK DATS.... 9:15 a. ra.; 1:45 and *:0O p7 m.
6UNDAY3 8:00. 10:00. 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare, San Francisco to Summit and Return.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI8 NOW OPEN
Ticket atflcaa^gUflKkMA. .EatnalUo Ftrrr*
TvrnwnrrERs a\d scpplies.
better uachln*. for le.. moMvTh^any
- fe in th» city; rentale. JS The Trnewrvfii-
I har.gt.. £3S California: telepho^e^SSrV^
I :^AYS bairalns m typewriters; any mak-
MoSo^ry'sl 0 * M - Alto&jgfe
DIVIDEND NOTICE"!
Thursday. t>ecerr.ber 20, 1900. Trar.-TeV books
•via close on Friday, December 14 1M0 at S
o clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. secretar>-
;«IVIDEN*D notice— Dividend Ko 18 <twenty-
riar.tav.oa company will be payable at th*
SSfiSSS??^ 32T Marketst. c" s^d
* T *- , A *« Dec enib*T 15. 1900. Traas-
-Ue> ,% CO , Ee l on £*^rday. December 8.
•.sou. at 12 o clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
ESfSS Accounts. Navy Department,
VV&thinston. DC, until 12 o'clock noon, Jan-
uary 2 UO, and publicly opened immediately
there^fter. to furnish at the Navy Yard Mare
Island. Cal., a quantity of electrical supplies
combined punch and shear, brick, hardware. !
¦Dtet glajs, io'.n hangers, lumber, sheet steel,
and roctingr tin. . Blank proposals will be fur-
r..shed upon applicaUon to the Bureau or to
the Navy Pay Office. San FYancisco. CaL A.
S. KEN.NT. Paymaster General. V. S N.
13-5-00
MAKKIAGE LICENSES.
The following marrlase licenses were Issued
jesterdaj :
iMtT Both*. 30, :4 Lloyd street, and Cathar-
ine panselmaruT, 22, Sli CarP street.
John J. Knos. 15. Oakland, and Alioe B. Sal-
mon, IS. Oakland.
• Mosee O. Meyer, ST. T01 Broderick street, and
-taud G*tL 25. 1191 Lacuna street.
Jchn E. Morrissey. 31, Portland. Or., and
Mar>' I. Auld. 22. Ul Mission street.
f Jofe *rh A. A*-rnann, 2S, city, and Helena de ;
. SelU, Z7, Sausalito.
'Joor. Sins, 34, SOO Butter street, and Luey
I^f, £0. Prospect plac».
E1BTHS — MARRIAGES— DEATEsT
Birth, niarrlage and death notices sent by
mail win not be inserted. They must be handed
n- at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
Bona authorized to have the same published.
BOEN.
r?AnivCn— In Nevada City. Cal-. December 11.
1906. to the wife of E. H. Barker, a «on-
JONES— In this city, Deoember S, 1300, to the
wife cf Reynold Jones, a son.
MARB.IE3X
McIXTOfH— L,A"vtTlENCE— In this city. De-
cember 12. 1&00, by the Rev. William K.
Guthrie, Miles W. Mclr.tosh and Neua C.
L^arfr.ce. b<.»th cf RA.n Francisco.
DIED.
AnCeraon, O«orc« A. I/>mbardl, Herbert O.
Attwood. Frank McCarthy, Daniel J.
Barrj'. liary Manning, Willie J.
Oailo-han. F*raElc XV. Mayes, Orattan J.
Crocker.. E^r.jatnlzi R. Merchant. Jennie A.
Crockett, £l:za A. Mojiiihan. Lawrence
Dupan, Elizabeth Nichols. Richard P.
" Goryl. Lloyd A- Roberts. Capt. M. R.
Hawkins. Arthur L. Steffcns. Hernrian
Jahn. Georxe Wallace. Mary J.
Juhanssvn. Julia. W'eet. Sarah
Leoci, John
ANDEHS0K— In Alameaa, December lL 1900,
G*or«;e A. Anderson iretired police officer cf
Pan Frar.clBccO. a native of Sweden, ajced €4
' >*are 4 mentbs and 10 days.
C7Fr.er.is anfl acQualntance« are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December 16. at S o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. iletiler, k» VTashlncton street,
under tiie auspices of the Widows' and Or-
; i.r.- Aid Association. Intennent Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
ATTWOOL>-ln tils city. Deoember 10. 1900,
Krar.k Attwood. a native of England, ared 35
years.
CyFVIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully iavlied to attend tha funerai this day
< Friday), et 19 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2*26 aiiaeioa street, near Twenty-first.
Intentiest Cypress U.wa Cemetery, by car-
rl&ce.
BARRY— In th^ city, Deoecber 13, Itot. Mary,
beloved wlf« of Matthew Barry, and mother
of Edward J.. Waiter A. and Asna M. Barrj'.
a native of Ireland.
C7Th« funeral »1II take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at ».W o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1403 Railroad avenue, oorner cf Six-
t«-n:h a\-enue. thence t» All Hallows' Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
fcrated for th« rr-ztcme rtt her soul, coemmc-
ir.jf at 19 o'clock. Internaent Holy Cross
¦ OraetTj-.
CALLAHAN— In this city. December 12, 19C0.
Frank W., beloved kusbaad ot Mary A. Gal-
lthan. and father of Mrs. Joseph F. Hotter
¦ end Sadie. Nellie, Hucb. Sdna, Hazel and
Webster CaZlahan. a native of Boston. Mass.,
*%»& 47 years * cionths and 7 dajs.
C7Frlend» asd exqualntanoes am respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral l*-morrow
(Saturday), at *:80 o'clock, from bis Wte resi-
dence JTvT Fclsom street, thence to St. Jo-
f<rh> Church, where a requiem iraas will be
celebrated for the repose of hl» soul, com-
rnencir.g tt 9 o'clock. Interned Holy Cross
Omet^rj'.
<~HOCKER— In Sarrament». December U. 1900.
Benjamin R- Crocker. a«ed 7J years.
CT" Funeral at Sacramento to-morrow (Sat-
urday), at 2 o'clock.
CROCKETT— In this city, December 1%. 1900,
Elira A., beloved wife of tb« late O. H. V\-.
Crockett, a native of Canada, a«-ed Cl year-
and 6 months.
CTThe funeral will tak« r'ate to-morrow
'Saturday), at J o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 142CA Bush street, t-henoe to St. Dom-
inic's Church, corner of fiteiner and Bush
rtre^t?, where a requiem mase will b« cele-
brated for the repose of heT soul, oommerie-
ins at i.tO o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
< 'en-.^terj'.
¦ DUGAN-In this city, December IS. l»00, ESlsa-
beth r>usan. beWved cousin of Mrs. M. iio-
Cartr and Charles, Gertie, 2faale and the
late Bridset ClaiTey, a native of Athlone,
County rtoscotnmon. Ireland, aged 76 years.
(IVwton, Mass.. papers please copy.)
C^rpviends arid acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
t Saturday), at S:30 o'clock, from the residence
< ? her cousin. Mrs. hL McCarty. 237 •Clara
?•re^t. thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem higU mass will be celebrated for
the repoee of her eoul. commencing at *
rr'clo^k. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
i'L— In this city. December 13. 1500, LJoyd
aelovcd son of C^njamln and Tesale Goryl.
alive of Ban Francisco, aged 6 months
I days.
KI>*3— In this city, December 13. 1S00, Ar-
¦ L., boo of Olof and Carolina Hawkins,
brother of Edlna C and the late Edwin
lawkins. a native of Ean Francisco, aged
>ars 10 months and 2 days.
fThe funeral will take place to-morrow
urday), at 1:39 o'clock, from his late resl-
•e. 3464 Be\-enteenth Etreet. Interment Cy-
s L»*n Cemetery, by funeral car from
iteenth and Guerrero streets at 1:30
ONAL Parlor No. IIS, JJ. 8. O. W,— The
ibers are hereby notified to att«od the fu-
' neral of our brother, ArthuT 1«. Hawkins,
frora his late residence. S464 Seventeenth
urert to- morrow at 1:89 o'clock.
WALTER V. DOUROHTT.
Recordinr Becretary.
JAH7C— In this city. December 12, 1900, George
'afc'n. beloved fcuf baxrd of Bertha Jahn. father
of MaJt Jahn. ar.d brother of Mrs. A. Papen-
*usi a native of RugPnwalde, Hlnter Pom-
rnern. Germany, aged 43 years 7 months and
12 day* A member of Eureka Lodge No. «,
O. d. H- 6.
ryFrienA* and acaualntaneee are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
»t 1:39 o'clock, from the parlors
of H P Petersen & Oo.. £2S MoAJlister
ureet. thence to C10 Bush street where fu-
r.irai ser^tcea will be held under the auspices
Ot Eureka Lodge No.g, O. d. H. 8.. com-
menclr.g at J o'clock. Cremation I. O. O. F.
Cemetery- P1ea»« emit flowers
JOIIANSSEN— In this city. December U. UHX>,
Julia, beloved wife of Johanes Johansson, a
native of California, aged 29 years 8 months
and J4 days.
ryFri'-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
'Frldav). at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
<£nU Id Minna ftreet. thene* to St. Pat-
rick'« Church f»r services et 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross OmetetT-
LJX»N1-In tbe City and County Hospital.
December 12. 1SO0. John Leonl. a naUv« or
raii'ornia. aged 12 years.
LOMBARDI-In this city. December 12. 1900.
Herbert Orln Ix>mbardl. beloved aen of Mr.
ind I Mrs- F- Lombardl. and brother of Mor-
can Ernst and Lottie Lombardi. a native of
" "Kan Francisco. Vgpd » months and 20 days.
CTFri«-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-m&rrow
Ipatc-dEy). 10 o'clock, from th* residence
cf hlsoarrnts. 71» Broadway.
M-CARTHY-In this city. December 15. 1900. at
h «. rW'dence 1IS9 Guerrero atr^et. Daniel Jo-
ieJh^eloved eon of Cathert n. C. and the late
T>lnls McCarthy, a native of Ean Francisco.
LEAGUE of the Cross Cadets— Members of the
K rst RV^mer-t. League of the Cross Cadets,
wlU tsS «o-morrow (Saturday) at 8:30
o'clock. at Twenty-fourth and Guerrero
*'«etr tn full uniform, white gloj-es, belts
;~d sabrea. to atwnd the funeraf of our late
romrede. Captain Daniel J. McCarthy, regi-
mental inFP**< > tor. By order of
EJ.POWER:^Colonel Commanding.
P. 3. HAGGERTY. Captain and Adjutant.
f HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor to FUrninn & Gallacber)
rrNER^^RE^O^^^EM&EPA
ta Fiftn «t.. opposite Lincoln facnooi.
Teiephone South 80. _____
McAVOY Ac CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMERS.
1128 Market Et.. between Sth and Sth.
Telephone South 247.Trunk* A traveling bags. Befor* buying »«•
»«f "tureaujrunk." A. B^Sroltb Co., IB BUls..*
Won't Last Long.
To-day. (Friday) will be on sale GOO pairs
ladles' fine kid shoes, up-to-date styles in
lace or button, all sizes and widths.
Worth no less than 12 60 a pair— for 11 30,
one pair to each customer. Children's
stcrm rubbers, 10 cents. Standard, 1029
Market St., between Sixth and Seventh.*
Tlie I<&nd of Castanet.
Henry Payot, one of the old time resi
dents of this city, who has recently re
turned from an extended European tour,
will, this evening, deliver an illustrated,
lecture before Apollo Lodge, No. 123, of
Jn® I. 0. O. F. in the lodge room on the
Land of the Castanet." It will be an
Invitational affair.
Salvation Army Dinner.
The Salvation Army will give its usual
Christmas dinner to the city's destitute.
Last year the Salvation Army through
out the country provided Christmas cheer
for 150,000 people; this year they expect
to feed 200.000. In San Francisco alone
preparations are being made to v entertain
2000. • The Salvation Army's In
clude the unfortunates at the pesthouse.
Have a Look at Them.
The most beautiful ladles' shoes ever
made will be sold to-morrow for $1 85 a
pair. Only a few words about this shoe.
Made of vicl-kld. hand turned, stylish,
coin toe, worth $3 E0; sold for $1 85 at the
shoe trust sale of the Bee Hive Shoe Com
pany. 717 Market street, near Third. •
Kvorces Granted and Asked For.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Gertrude B. Johnson from "Waldo
S. Johnson for cruelty and Louisa A.
Dowse from Richard -Dowse for extreme
cruelty. Suits for divorce were filed yes
terday by George- Flood against Alice
Flood for cruelty and Emma J. Parker
against Charles A. Parker for failure to
provide. . ;^-;.;'--^- • . <:->;
CTVUi SERVICE BOARD
NAMES THOSE WHO ?ASS
Percentages of Successful Candidates
for Carpenter Billets Are
Given Out
The Civil Service Commission has an-
nounced. the following as the names of
those who successfully passed the exam
ination for carpenters:
John D. Campbell 100, John J. Tlerney 100,
John T. Burns 100, Lincoln B. Regan 100, Pat
rick Connor 96.2, Hector 8. Fulton 84.15. "Wal
ter C Butterfleld, 82.8, Maxwell H. Morgan
S2.5, William Cook 80.1, John J. Lyons 89.35,
Henrle F. Morton 88.75,Patrtck C. Farley 88.
W'1M» O. Haskell 88. William E. Foley 87.1,
John "W. Lynnrreen 86.35 Junes B. Mc-
Eheehy, 85.15, . John J. Swanson 84. 85,' James C.
Beamer 84.7. John "W. Weir 84.55, Henry T.
Bray 84,25. Nell Molloy 83.95. John J. Boyle
83.2. Peter W. Doyle 83.05. Charle* Spring 82.9,
R. C Irving; 82.6. John Douglass 82.45, Henry
Ruppel 82, Robert Z. Johnson 81.65^ Edward
Lane 81.4. Augustus F. . Ely 81.1, Thomas J.
Leahy 80.65, John Conway 80.2, W. O. Hughes
80.2, William Wright 79, Arthur W. McGuire
79, George G. Van Slyck 78.4, Daniel A. McKln
non 77.8. John W. Fortune 77.5, J. M. Lyons
77.35, George Davidson 76.2, Michael Klley
75.65, Daniel H.' Vaughn 76.4, John A. Bloom
75.4. Joseph Gilllgan 75.1.
CAPTAIN MARTIN R. ROBERTS,
one of San Francisco's oldest citi
zens, passed peacefully away last
night at his residence at 904
. Washington street. His death
was due to old age.
Captain Roberts was born in Dart
mouth, England, eighty years ago. , He
came to this country when quite young
and located in New York. At the age of
27 he was ranked as captain in the mari
time service, and at the outbreak of the
Mexican War was given command of a
transport. His splendid record as a ma
riner was the cause of his coming to this
coast, as he was offered the command of
the fleet of vessels which were to run be
tween the Columbia River and San Fran
cisco. He arrived here in April, 1849, but
the proposed line was a failure owing to
a scarcity of sailors. Captain Roberts re
mained on the coast, taking part in the
stirring times of the golden days. He
was a member of the Vigilance Commit
tee, was foreman of Vigilant No. 9, Vol
unteer Firemen, and took an active part
in the formation of the Exempt Fire Com
pany.
In '1859 Captain Roberts was elected Su
pervisor, -and became noted for his advo
cacy of movements toward reform. He
finally became located on the water front,
managing the affairs of different shipping
concerns. Standing as a monument to his
Ingenuity and study is ¦ the present sys
tem of handling coal, which was invented
by him.
The deceased leaves . three children-
Theodore Roberts,, the actor, now .with
the "Arizona" Company at the Herald
Square Theater; M. R. Roberts Jr. and
Mrs. Grace R. Moore, secretary of the
California Club. He was the uncle of
Lawyer's Clerk in Trouble,
A. J.' McPike, a lawyer's clerk, appeared
before Judge Cabanlsa yesterday on a
charge of battery and the case was con
tinued until to-day. He was arrested at
1 o'clock yesterday morning and he is still
ln the City Prison, as. orders were given
not to release him on ball. McPike and
a friend were drinking in Goeppert's sa
loon, 120 Stockton street. Jacob Lichtner.
an old man and a crippie, who is the head
waiter ln . the - place, wanted to close-up
the saloon and tried to Induce McPike'a
friend, who lives in the neighborhood to
go home. McPike interfered and struck
Lichtner a blow . between the eyes that
felled the old man like an ox. He struck
the sidewalk with his fOTehead, which
was cut open. McPike was arrested bv
Policeman Fennell and Lichtner was sert
to the Receiving Hospital and afterward
to his home at 1208 Howard street It
was reported that hi3 skull was po<wlblv'
fractured and that i* why'McPifa waV
not released on ball. «-*"«» was
Florence Roberts, the actress, who played
so successfully the part of Sapho at the
Alcazar a short time ago.
DEATH CLAIMS ONE OF THE VETERANS
OF THE SEAS AND SKILLED INVENTOR
as Pioneer and Seaman in Two Countries.
Martin Roberts Gathered to His Fathers After Varied Career
A great surprise was sprung yesterday
in the trial of Hoff. Schooler, for the de
fense, opened the case early in the morn
ing. After he had called seven witnesses
to the stand he rested his side of the case.
This was a most unexpected move, as it
was believed the defense would at least
call as many witnesses as were sum
moned by it in the former trial, and that
Hoff would go on the witness stand and
testify ln his own behalf. In the former
trial Hoff did not make a very favorable
impression on account of his snappy and
jaunty manners. Schooler stated yester
day that he did not call Hoff ln this trial
as he "did not think it was necessary/'
but it is believed that Schooler did not
want to have a repetition of Hoff'e con
duct.
The seven witnesses called for the de
fense were mostly women who had era
ployed Hoff at different times, and who
testified that they had never seen the de
fendant use a coupling pin.
The first witness was John Freres, who
is the proprietor of a grocery store on
Seventh and Minna streets. He swore
that he was at one time friendly with
Hoff, and that when he went out the de
fendant ofteji looked after his store and
acted as protector of his wife in his ab
sence. Mrs. Silverberg, living at 9S9 Post
street, and her son John both testified
that Hoff had worked at their house, and
neither of the witnesses had ever
seen him use a coupling pin in his work.
Mrs. Ida M. Hollis and Mrs. C. A. Kern
gave substantially the same testimony.
Harry Neemeyer, the clerk of the Llndell
House, was recalled, and testified that
Hoff did not change his clothes when he
went to his room on the evening of De
cember 15, 1S37. As Robert Goepel, -the
shoemaker friend of Hoff, had committed
euiclde since the last trial, a transcript
of his testimony was introduced. The at
torneys on both sides agreed that the
coupling pin weighed five pounds and
Hoff's carpet bag, when filled with tools,
eighteen pounds. *
In the afternoon Attorney Hosmer made
the opening argument for the people, pre
senting a statement of facts.
To-day Attorney R. L». Simpson will ar
gue for the defense. He will be followed
by his associate ln the case, W. H. (Schoo
ler. Eugene Deuprey will close tire case
for the prosecution.
Hoffs Attorneys Claim That
His Testimony Is Not
Necessary.
WILL MOT TAKE
WITNESS STAND
P»i p~a HE report of a pistol shot down on
I Merchant street. Just opposite the
1 1 Central police station, early last
II evening told of the carrying out of
a suicide which will go on record
as one of the strange instances of self
murder.
A minute or two after 6 o'clock last
night a well-dresed, respectable appearing
man, whom Investigation proved to be
B. B. Roberts, a general agent and so
licitor, sauntered leisurely down Merchant
street, and accosting a habitue of one^of
the many saloons in that neighborhood
inquired the location of the Morgue. He
was shown the door of the deadhouse,
and his informant added that to gain ac
cess to it he would have to apply at the
Coroner's office. Just above. Turning up
the street Roberts entered the stairway of
the court building, where the office is lo
cated. A few seconds later a shot at
tracted the deputy coroners on the floor
above to the spot.
On the stairs Just above the landing was
Edward A. Palmer, a young English
man, who arrived in the city yesterday
morning to enioll himself at Stanford
University, fell into the hands of bunko
men, and if it had not been for the quick
wit displayed by I. J. Truman, president
of the Columbian Bank, he would have
lost $500 besides the $130 he actually lost.
Palmer was met at the ferry by a well
dressed young man who struck up an ac
quaintance with him. The stranger had
learned by some means known to bunko
men that Palmer Intended going to Seat
tle last night to stay until the holiday
season was over, and he Informed Palmer
that he was also going to Seattle. The
stranger was Charles Stinson. who was
one of those arrested for playing faro ln
the Burlington House recently and for
steering Marc Augenblick, the. Market
street saloon-keeper, to the game, in
which he lost $CO0.
Stinson accompanied Palmer to the Pal
ace Hotel, and after he had registered
went with him to the railroad ticket of
llce to reserve his berth for Seattle. Then
Stinson suggested that Palmer should ac
company him to his doctor, as he was
not in the best of health and he wanted
to consult him before leaving on the train.
Palmer went with him and he was
steered to a house on Post street, he
thought where he was introduced to
"Dr." * ranklln and Mr. Stearns. Stinson
and the "Dr." talked aside for a few min
utes and a game of poker was proposed.
Palmer demurred at first, but Stinson
talked him over, and he sat down to the
table, which was stacked with "phony"
rolls of greenbacks and stacks of bogus
"twenties." supposed to be those handed
over by Chief Sullivan to the faro men
Wednesday. Palmer won at first, but
poon lost $130. He had a letter of credit
on the Columbian Bank for $300, and Stln-
Hon advised him to cash It, as he told him
he held the winning hand and would
gather ln a fortune of $600,000. Palmer left
his hand on the table, asking the "Dr."
to look after It. and went with Stinson to
the bank.
President Truman happened to be in the
bank, and when the letter of credit was
handed to him he became suspicious. He
privately asked Palmer a few questions
and telephoned to Captain Seymour to
send a detective at once to the bank. De
tective McMahon and Policeman Fontana
were detailed and they placed Stinson un
der arrest. He had been detained pending
their arrival. SUnson was taken to the
City Prison, where a charge of grand lar
ceny was booked against him. He gave
the name of Charles Station.
Detective McMahon went with Palmer
to see if he could recognize the house
where Stinson took him, in the hope that
the other two men might be caught. Stin
son when questioned gave the address as
37 Post street.
A visit to the premises resulted in the
arrest of G. H. Lawrence, otherwise
known as "Dandy Dan," who was recog
nized by Palmer as one of the men with
whom he. played. He was charged with
grand larceny.
Late last evening both were were re
leased on $250 bail each.
Falls Into the Hands of
a Gang of Clever
"Sharks."
the lifeless body of Roberts, a gaping
wound through the head telling the story.
In the right hand was clutched a bulldog
revolver and between the fingers of the
pther was a partly consumed cigar. Rob
erts had seated himself ln a natural pos
ture, his right side resting against the
wall and banister. His glasses were still
on his nose, and hia inner coat was but
toned. the position of the body showing
that Roberts had carried the pistol ln his
overcoat pocket.
A physician was sent for and on hia pro
nouncing- the man dead the body was
carried next door to the Morgue.
From letters found ln his pockets It was
learned that Roberts had been employed
for many years and until quite recently
by the Johnson Locke Mercantile Com
pany as a freight solicitor. A short time
ago Roberts opened a general agency of
fice at 219 Sansome street.
Roberts was vice president of the Old
Friends Association and was known
among: his associates as a pleasant, agree
able man, good natured and liberal.
Among his effects were several letters of
recommendation ln which Roberts was
spoken of as a first class solicitor. One
from his last employers explained that he
had quit the firm only because It had
given up the line of work ln which Rob
erts had served them faithfully, and de
clared that he was the most energretlc
and successful solicitor employed by
them.
Roberts lived with his wife at 668 Fol
som street. Some time ago he had a
severe attack of typhoid fever and 111 ef
fects have resulted. It is believed that
Roberts killed himself while laboring
under mental disorder brought about by
this.
Deceased was a native of England and
about 50 years of age.
YOUNG BRITISHER
EASILY BUNKOED
THE SUICIDE AS HE SAT ON THE
MORGUE STEPS AND SHOT HIM
SELF.
THE SAJST FRAKCISUO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1900.
b. b. R.ot>©rts, a. "Woii-Known General
Agent and. Solicitor, Blows Out His
Braiiis on Steps of Ooronoi^s Ofllce.
SEEKS THE MORGUE AS THE
FITTEST PLACE TO END THE
LIFE OF WHICH HE WEARIED
j
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dainty
Carlsbad China.
*'A thing of Beauty
Is a joy forever."
Tea, Cake, Fruit
Dessert and Bread
Plates. Tea,
Mustache, Chocolatt
and After Dinner
Cups and Saucers.
Everything
That's Pretty
Our Prices
Just Like Finding Money.
Great AmericanlmportingTea Co.
CITY STORES.
«IO Grant Av»., hit. Post and 6attoj>
' 861 Market 6t.,' opp. Powell.
I4O Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.
112 Third St. 1819 Dcvi.adero St,
JJSSSf 118 *-" 20O8FHl m orc6t.
S?e m xt r n « 8t * C2i •"•"«—- y *~
SS18 Mission St. 3283 MUalon St.
TOSL«rlcln6t. 2T32 24th 6t. rK;
86S Hayes 6t. 475 H-Iftht 6u
OAKLAND STORES.
J J?? Wa « hln a*on fit 1237 Broadway.
I18S 23rd Ave. 610 E. 12th 8t.
1S1O Seventh St.
ALAMEDA-1350 Park 8t.
6AN RAJPABL-Bftu.ae«p.F9Brth,
I '... -^ ADVEBTISEMENTS. '
fPjdg Ceptable as a gift than a OAuyUCO, popularity of these garments. Our «^W
/M$fl en -v- ..,,-.,_, =¦!-,-» 50 DOZEN EIDEKDOWxV eelline this past week has been 4 I.
SILK nfUrFLER? <?ArorrF<; -mn^A nf o-nnH nnni phenomenal ana with such prices Rjhjj
GENTS' MUFFTT-R mid- nf f^^y^ft made °^ f ood ual - a3 those which we have prepared
¦amp u±.j\ib MUiFLER, made of j ty eiderdovm, fitted back, loose for you they will be sure to eclipse frag
WSi VCry fast black extra front, double stitched seams, anything in the past. v^l
VT||I heavy twilled surah, silk, 20x wel i ma de, colors blue, red, A Few or the .Many « J^ \
y&m 52 inches, hemstitched, a pesi- gray pinkt The economist's LADIES* WAISTS, marie of very §M¥
iSff tive Wonder, for 98 Cents. Bric(> 5 o c best nuallty taffeta silk, -hem- **&§
4fF& price 3U( ' stitched and tucked back and front. Jgjk
i W OftHCTIlliir* iinif m nnnnri-n — rov -' Paqulti sletrvea. lined through- jBgJtf
if^ SOMETHING NEW IN CORSETS. SPECIAL GLOVE SALE. cut, perfect in every detail; for *j>
§L* TheLATTICE This Is positively the greatest "y^e. ™ Q ™* ™*^£%^'* v ™ *J§&
M &:£ . GIBBON COB- *Z&°*2?^%&$Z f 3 n a Sf«SS5 W*
a\tL }> \ tT T. '^a^o^ta^c , , A Prize Winner In Flannel Walsta
9 ¥0 / N_ French white LADIES' GLOVES, made of very , m fir #1
T^T y/»r=>sa^r\. oo*-«^ a *¦ v. best quality Italian kid. soft and LADIES' WAISTS, made of very JT^
«TbP GjA.N -^3A sateen, Witn firm> 2-clasp. all over-seam sewn, hest quality all-wool botany flannel. LK®|
¦nr 7^^-xldi3-^ pink or blue "Paris point" stitched; equal to full front, tucked back. La Boheme tvv>f
HwL / /vO 7^^^??"^ r<v>V>r.-n lo+H^ a any $1.50 glove on the market, flare sleeve, lined throughout, al! *S&M
mW I IASs\ltif<< lattice Rosenberg's way of selling. SI. 1»5. fast wash colors, all perfect flttln« J\W
<Wa K^W'n ifT/oneS «ov E o M «8«3»«D. d re-s^ r alle fl s rilce...^. e . S i?O^ Wj
*M M^ * with 'new aiu- NEED ANY RIBBON FOR FANCY Sa!e °' Farreil street entrance< M
WP v mino l d b J nin f WORK? HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR. fAM
which is pliable and unbreak- „.,,,-„«, _„_ ,„ T11/ — l^^tsT
JjiSBr , . mi. 1 ,, I? So, Rend the Following! PflfCES CUT IN TWO. E&HSJol
MjJ able - Th «y are in tlie new 500 yards BEST ALL-SILK TAF- A lot of WOMEN'S HOSIERY f&S&i
W%43b Straight front shape, medium FETA RIBBON, 5 Inches wide. AND UNDERWEAR which we se- 1^*1/
Saif Vmcf -np-or Rlortinp- pffpet lacp suitable for fancy pillow ruffles or cured at half price, coes oa sale * 01
bust, new Sloping enect, lace (n fact a thousand different things this morning on that basis.
*8*S and satin ribbon trimmed. Our in fancy work, a chance not to bo „ , _ , . „.
f intrnrtiirtinn nrice SI 75 overlooked, in all new fall shades, Her; Ar2 a Few or the Man : »
mtroauction price . .^L.to 15c a vard- LADIES' HOSE, made of beat WJJ
p IRR n v Rnl ..c Tlrn rnnr quality Peruvian cotton, white feet. UtC^
NOVELTIES IN LEATHER GOODS. R»*bo:% bows tied free. doubIe heels and t0€3 . fu:i lep^ f^
//n\ T-SKl'ifrr 0^ 1 SALE ° F MACKINTOSHES i^DiES V "cASHiiERE"*HOSE. /f
Ml Jfre^js I? o S? FOR CHILDREN. ?£t^ O Ji
R?W LEATHER COMBI- N^fcrj CHILDREN'S ¦*« >c %M^1
§X NATION PURSE and POCKET-' /T TW MACKINTOSH, made LADIES* VESTS, made of grood J/S&a
WJBt BOOK, hand-carved on both sides. / U TV °f be9t quality dlag- quality silk, high neck. long sleeves. Uj
w/gij rlvftod stfol frame, well sfwed, not '/ n W onal cloth or checked neck and fly finished crocheted aPJ
t'liifd. lined and neatly finished. / H A mackintosh material. idglns of silk. Swiss ribbed, nock Y** tT
>^3L Only £1 l*n (1 4 \ double-breasted cape, drawn throusrh with s!lk tape; col- BkJL
jjBI ANOTHER: LADIES' FINGER velvet collar, all sizes; ors pink, blue, cream. A crowd Je&S
MB PURSE, madft of best quality pig- worth double the prico brlnger at 81.35 «t\
£$Wk skin, three compartments, riveted we ask t"ll .oO JrS
, H steel frame. Hned and machine nAIUTV C4MC CflB I11IUTV I1CC ¦ w* a
kWA. 'pwed: actual value* $1.25. Our spe- irilll TUC D1TTCUDCDO fiCD'T UAIill I TAni TUtt UAlJi I I UOC. m hA
«iu> ciai r»f>e ABAtN IHt DANtNotnb Utr I coo e m- T/zst
@c3» A^V tn «ipa nnr rr,\n -nurcei- Leaps ambitiously Into prominence 4$k -4, » PIRE PANS Efe^W
j^| ask to see our coin purse,, wlti^ an assortme nt of vaiu-s cal- J*jJQ VV jk of best Vmtf
made of good leather for 2j/£c. culated to win the approval of a M&Ctfai&J&Zz&i Q ?, \.\ y V VI
fijgSj multitude of customers to-day. wn:t ® , bolt- l\ \|
6^*3 NEW KINDS OF NFCKWFAR BATTENBERG PIECES made of fj>2ii£S&W't'4&, '^ cloth J&wfl
&J* ,>GV> KL">U&Uhi>ttKWMK RQod alMlnen braid _ 20 inches Z^^S^ffi^S U»l m m V
vS&f moderately priced, lisrht. fluffy, round, all new fancy stitches, polid ? * r^ 5is *»*4Li3T5' p * a <J u " JKC?
WjRl warm and Inexpensive. These styl- hand-made Battenberp. Only GUc . , _ * ol1 _JT =~o»3ilr- tttT?» "^^^
&^ l?h neck plocos combine pood looks ANOTHER-BATTENBERG BU- knots and silver spacgrles. Wtltd 7T 11
fi^r with comfort and economy. The Rp:AU BCARF, 15x46 inches, pure Fre^ c n, enainel sticks, orcamented %, k\
raj/. styles find prices are particularly linen center, deep border, hand- A h >£*iXfL 8 ?£! i«i->- —- ~* *v E39
Wfk cntlclnsr. made Battenberg lace. A most ap- r^ rE3 - in ln eTery 8ensa %3&r
JM, AvSK TO SEE THESE, pr ?? T J% ttk -*- U }—£ 82.25 TVOrd c
m &%%&&%*£?££. : e ,S s^EHif" 1 ' 3 p- when you buy umbrellas \j?
<%& fancy taffeta silk collar, trimmed made Battenber^lace. l.V:C want th<j fee3t the QK1 9JJ
with fancy ecru lace beading. Jabot buy— not anvthlng that Is offered to M&M*
also trimmod with fancy lace bead- Iftf" nflfirMnrnfl >' ou - For r^al good values at reaa- *&1#
Wm Inp. Colors, white, pink and blue. B I g L U g | V ' L M fci L U 8 ' enable prices no one can equal Jo«
EM An artlclo selling elsowhore for 81 1 S tl k II ll T Tl 11 Rosenbertr. G ES&
ffifU 11.50. Our price fei .OO IIUWtllllLlIU £W LADIES* or GENTS* UM- *" «S|
*M K b£OTfe^ 816 Market Street, %5i f % bl SS W
WL SfaTuff^SJ^JSS^^PrtSSS R^ningthronghtollOTarrell St. CffS^Tu^ «(
M^ at 81.25 Mail Orders Solicited. celled quality for 75 C mSST
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• • •
•••••*•*•*••••***••••*
Big Christmas Special
FOR BOYS.
• •H"H"I" K -:-K" : -I-H"M^^^
*: NOTED FOR DOING BIG THINGS. %
':'. Xow here's where we eclipse even our own 3«
I : selves, for this is the biggest proposition we have 4-
:: ever vtade you in the way of high-class children's f
'.'. apparel. •£
Eat, for
tpO.c/t>
o : m m m i : ; : i-m i ;-h : i h-m k-k-h-h-h-M': •:¦¦:¦¦:'; h-i-h-m-m.^
"Want your
sZm&gJfflSf&i&ttti •¦ little chap to be
j^^^^S^^S^ the sw ellest lit-
i£28&&M§W/£§SSP tle mr '» in
< o w n ? W h y,
'^ISsS^v $V then, fipt him a
->4 Ragla n. Thai
<vJT\r* "far -is the smart
\ " j\ winter overcoat.
j?^T^f>} Pretty and as
-r^^y^F^. cute as can be.
/ I V&~^^ \^e > You could not
/ ic^iisC^JizK-^ present hint
I (jSviHtPiri - \n with anything
/ 4>s!^? \\v In I that would
\\\\ toil make him look
p^ GZmfzfl^ 7\ V fl handsomer, and
(? -H V / \^ I <££; jpj? at the s ame
jLT/ Vx TpSfr^X iim,", a warm,
v^C^Sv^tl \ comfortable
"^ |/._ itvl > ¦ I You know our
L*-f"j I I \ \\ H j Jlrglans are not
X \ V- t~T it |T.i ~\ freaks. Our
A-^rL Rig'ans build
npn j I .ji.L|.i >/fl t^ ie l^ ttle fellow
\\ 1 I] I] \ \ \ I out — give him
Y.-Y**"\-| — ¦^¦~itn*T""!/s j ' that broad-
-^^i^L-llH-L^ shoulder effect
jy/^i II II ; i «r | ; just as you see
' !ir^frf~"||irn" ¦ it in the picture
H4-p^» I-II44 j \ opposite.
ij/i ! ll i j { \/fi \\ •••••••••••
• W tiT I tit K \ NE ED WE
!/U~'"'n lift] J j f\U REMIND YOU
/IN frit! (VV7 \\V^ That we are KJng
i*Tl\' S 1* liM~tti ijS/i \\\ \ Pins for Over -
/^ L ...L.l...i..jlil-.L^/| I \\ \\ coats? And at
7 /$&t~Wttlll 1 i\ V \ the same tIme
V^llr ¥$5f/ "I ' \\ V\ ) bi*2ng: the little
jg «|/ I 1 \\ K -^ chap to see
*\ S /' 1 [^ "GLIMPSES OF
I ~~ fl^S-^-s^ j -1 FAIRYLAND."
/£' It's a sight he'll
W^ never forget.
» M 1 1 m 1 1 11 : 1 1 : 1 1 1 1 : 11 1 1 1 1 11 1 1 1 1 n 1 1 ; 11 1 1 im-h-i w
THE MONEY-SAVING
FURNITURE and CARPET
MOUSE*
A HOLIDAY
Wim\ *a en lilrl '
\||||ji=^v We have 25 other
¦ O^mj —
OUR NEW 600DS
HAYE ARRIVED.
10 per cent off Now Is your
for Cash. time to select.
fY^~THISDESK
\ \ Is Solid Oat,
. fo •*• •"[ Birdseye Maple
rif iTlf # or V * ch '
J — "^J it will pay you
* "If 1 to coll and In-
1/ epect onr new
u goods*
o Wt x,«. SO / AngoodsBsAadin
10 per cent off P laia ri 8™ 3 ' t 10 J w
for Cash. cent off for cm*.
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.,
1015-1017 Market Street,
The "DANN" RECLINING CHAIR
A Handsome Christmas /||||rif
Easy and Com tor tub's. £&g3&£
Price 615. Come and see it.
IV. A. SCHROCK,
10 New Montgomery Street.
Weekly Call, SI per Year-